 6> .cardtotheexistenceotstaivaryfat— u d those of »h* l'»te& '""tee «* America,<^ffi aVoae^teW renews eat«e*B*ef the pubbcdomaiatptaglaawdieftheStates* IttAcruTArrjFOnotORGAxnuTHHror Mr BKASCH,(dem.)ofN.C.,offereda adopted, instructing the Judiciaryf Pranee.ftJtaaslbamia*pew'sI'OujrvY-oiAmSB.hUaea8,Man.18. 11, 19, 20^14^S6jl^g0t aw, 77«5, 71.T, », a •r*JkiAgi.lS-.Vc€|J *#i3I I»i»iP"*pentjror IUfathers of the republic. ThisTn the case of John Hoesack, one of the Ottawa rescuers, of the gnat the present aystem, which was oandaBSBH by both the the Jury font night returned*} verdict of guilty, with a re-:six ,ft»ere.through the skin-it is Indiapuable that this powerful unguent U axoeedtogly efficacious on external ulcer* and eoaaequently its virtue*are equally suoeeasful on ulcerated lungs.„ ' s I n d i a Store Is t b e o n l y ptoee wber* India ploeapple Dreaesa, Luioacs SUka, Fathia. Shawls, Crapes, lacquered Articles, China and India\TAKDT.queatioE arwes, want we do wi«* ms*» V TT —JBMOM *mct caaaot fkli to prove rsnged ia soeme way. He thought we ought to drawDreltdfalTragedyandGreat Excitementtota> A MAN POISONS HD1 TWO CHrLDRBK AMD HIMSELF—OF HXAXTH.Let all who would avoid Ijf^ sTOT-ft IDRA.THB aTOAJMO r.BBHB.IT MOW DfCLODRBnn BHTLLiBQ run WOHDKRFCLLT CHFAP~"ftxrwerutTHE BHILUBO KTXBTFAMTLTSHOULDHAFM TBi maunnJBkmumM urx.aTjrriMMLT Bfa.I0.MLM, ALL THB ABOVX M4CTAJLa**» * * i 7 S l ©»w**rw*ass rxwetabtetoother u ——T*~.l.tnn"-' tin reewblicof Paragaey batsome lianas of advaatago from ear own experience and U>e history of our own counuy. How did our fathers manage, wlw istnhiiahed tow government? Nothing canquire s a d report whether s a y legislationand can be adopted consistently with thefacilitate the organization of the House,to.orde r and regulate its proceedings previous lo'ttal election of a Speaker.t r a a o i u i AffAtan.Mr. Kxuoco, (rep.) of 111., introduced a bill grantingUHlliiff •£ *** tor,-our kxeellency. These sataiaeeats be store clear than this: they looked upon the tantitiition of slavery as n great evil. The old Oonfodemtkm was •ittmg at the Usee the convention was held to form the constitution, and ia providing a government for the territory tymg outside the States they declared that neither slavery nor invoJuiUry servitude, ex-IBM moraiBg t tana named Tinker died from takingpofton. Bo first poisoned hW two children, aged abouteight aad six years, aad having Mill them out and foldedtheir hands upon their breasts, be left tbea is an unoccu- St James, a few eases of his SP ABBUNQ CATAWBAWTN'BM, with a request that ais BzeeUeacy will aosept oae box pied room where some of his furniture was stored, sad far himself, aad turn the ethers over to his wanssanwawaw To went to his hotel and took the poison himself. On Tues- which Mr Dallas repbe* thai he eaaaet reeoaeOe toe dottos of a Minister PieeiiMtaeBarr of the United States with those of a» o*ta*T,TrJmm *VHL^£?-*fti-tirsympathy.convention, aad they approved ft. They did not ""of lost upon the subject of slavery as a mere nuittor of local interest. They thought if slavery could be limltedjand the foreign supply cut off, it would eventually die out en- tirely. They, thai silts. Tasted la Oasnjrnss the power of abolishing the slave trade at a certain period. Mr. Cotla- mer quoted the remark of Mr. Hunter thai sessioa, who sall.tbat the iatoattoa of cutting off the s u m trale was to caaasslaverytodieoatofrawIf;butyetthosewhoadopt- sd those measures warn not abofWtenists Now, he de- sired to go on and carry through the sxperisaaat begunday he poisoned a horse belonging to Dr. Searles, of this dty,!end It Is supposed be Intended to shoot Dr Searles, as a loaded pistol was found on him. The cause was the estrangememVof his wifefand her Intimacy wtth Dr. Searles, under the influence of free lore principles. Greatexefto- ment exists, aad Dr. Searles hat been locked ap ta thetoprotect him from theindignation of the•cechnes tawine altofetber 'As public sen to be dividedthe only way to siettle the matter is to try the For richest and bestIs the w n e of the West, Tint grows by the beautiful river;. Fills all the room - Wnhasssanaoata*giver. For sale bv all respectable wine marcl„ , _ white yen.-__-.——-» i*-— to ssnweyewt aw,.^"»_ n veer eawtry- .roRve6,h»hlygrettned byt*o«mttio*_vUcft«wMMOJTnd ttpitel, bat««niMthepaths tn which they walked, that thaw :y la nowtheveryexteteaeeoftheUaiaaitaelf.WOprnftfo,which have served to deepen thethe minds of all parties that soma plan awnsM bo adoptedwherebythegovernmentmayhave1 r B | 'iny rf <*• o"* * " » y *Oo,urt,,•Homes AWAim. Tetrtewnl committee n e t ton BwrelBg, e n tHooper M o t e them Si regard to Mormon af- l""owtog to nto absence of wr» —poor* of thehibit ahvrery la the Territories, not for want of po wer to do so, bnt because they did not deem it expedient The rule they adwptiid wasthis:where slaveryalreadyex- uded a> a considerable extent, Congress allowed ft to re-bat where slavery did not exkt It was prohibited, gn on as they ware previously. This iaboneofcontention. WhenNorth Caroiiaa ceded territory ta the United States, Congresswas expressly precluded from aborning slavery there la the territory ceded by Georgia there was no such prohibition, but Congress did not exclude slavery, because it expected the prohibition to be made by the State. OnasjissB provided that no slaves should be taken into toesystem. Why should not the government have the work done by its own authorised agent? The present system laimmoral,aadhas disgusted the entire country. The remedy is an established government printing office, which would effect a saving of from $30,000 tollOO.OOO per year.Mr.Hotnron,(dem.)ofAla.,desiredtoknowat what time the bill would go into operation.Mr Graurr replied, immediately, so far as the printing of executive documents was concerned.Mr Horsros wanted to know how the bill wonld affect the blading aad engraving.Mr G r u n t replied, that the bill wonld explain.The bill was raforred to the Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union,CSJBBXS FOB UHSSrjUATISG OOtMRnSS.Mr. HASXIS, (A. L. desa.) of N. Y., offered a resolution authorizing the Committee on Public Expenditures to em-Mr. BiKMrrr, (dem.) of Ky., asked to know the reasonof thai. That csmmittee had never met before the pre- inferior qualities were easier and very dull, middling Broadway.FOB O B I T ?Si85LTS8awS:FOB OFLT U ClaBTt, ^T/AL'aeiiltheI nrx CA/rrot. o#warisoMradproposals andawardedfor the comtnicUoa ofpiiten for too porticos of theThe contract was made wan theWin at Waverier, Mo.St LOLTS. March 8, i860.Tbeoved to the Aster House«tn Baroiay street.t (after of Illmon, will hare the floor in Commit-bean obliterated: hut he had heard It with astonishmentplete their business this week.Mr. Bcnanrr desired to otter an amendaent, to tarest! •white 70o. a 73., yellow 72c. a 74c. Pork firm: mem 018, Shirts ready aaade, ail atom, or made to measure. Store XO' answering all the requirements of the family, aswkac coarse or One work equally well; tae stitch beauuf andstroBjr; hasapeeiiUar mem thai commend*it 10eial favor of tbe todies "—Tune* Kie*ustre aceaor <*and counties may yet be secured. IOOpereeatfuaraaseed. J. W BABTUSTT* Fnueaea,aalerooas Bo. 419 and 421 Broad waf.ABTONIBHTKaLT CHBAP BIG ABA, FROM 64 TO MS) per thousand; Havana, Domestic and Oermaa, eash wholesale buyeracan proetue baraaiaa.OTOMSMRS, 17 Broad wan.BABTI.KTT'fi H R U X BTFD SEWING MACHIMM Nfpdles of every dascriptioa. 418 aad IU Broadwar. VewTork. ^C1ABKOB rlLTBBB—A T AUfABLS IBVSMTIOM FOMi / maimtaowirars aad tae piteae aawaratty, adapted toaw- dranta,handandanampump*;also,atatkmarvamiportaatawCrJtad btaus Oarbon Fktor Oooapaay, 1st Broadway, atom Torn.QOMMS. B'CRTIOBB, IBTsTBTKD NAILB, XKLdtMOaaw and all diaeaaea ef th* feet cured wtthoot aaai ariMtmtoa between Douglas aad Greeley, and severalcoarse of time they wanted Texas to perpetuate slavery.also hrvestigate that subject and not shrink from itPHJIADXLPHIA. March 8,1860. Flour quiet. Wheat active at 01 55 a 01 60 for white,anacre. Col. leader says that there are other •en in the mountains losidas Monaoas who com-foundation for a dissolution of the Union. Certainlyvisions, to propose amendments. ThebillwasreferredtotheCommitteeof theWholeonthe State of the Union by two majority.j PRLMTLNG BXBCrnVS liOCCSESTS.The House took up the bill requiring the executiveOrateSATIOSAL rsnrnso Mr. Guitar, (rep.) of Ohio, made aatthepnncept as a pwahhwtent for crimes, should there ex- !ands to actual settlers talthe Territories, and providing ist, That pretaana was handed over to theby the framers of the constitution. his eOUtOS SB » poncy. The toadtag of theHe adrocnted nowfrom the Committee on Printing, to the form of a bill pro-cipal hotels in the United States.FBBD. 8. COZZKN8, Bole AgentItol^tantkrsOhtom*B a c h e l o r ' s H a i r D w e , W i g a a d - is removed at UBond street Private •Hill's Hair Dyt, 50brown. DepotNo.1Barataystreet,aadnoliby all« AlsoinhtliaMecmgaeaifartaeaan*^^^^JHirtiie company, end orders were dulyHpartBleadiag eaatoear, Oapt Franklin, to hsssnhms purchase who had bean brought into theB-TEB BMOrBCTgtnT'jj. * h i he declines doing to, and writes toe Sec- country smce ITsS. The power to regulate implies arfT *- f i r rtsatatlng haw to reconatder his order andpower to prohibit, aniisi ins regulated slavery hi the newTerritories, and could hare prohibited it entirely tn all dw preheat of Banna marble, instead of Ameri cases If tney had deemed it expedient Subsequently, fij action of Ontato Franklin w toflueaeed by the the question arose ta regard to the subject of slavery and freedom in the vast Territory of Mnwouri. It oould not bo aslavo Territory sad a free Territory at the same time, and Ground*, of which Mr. Bright ie awd therefore they divided ft, as Abraham aad Lot Mr. Davis is a member, both of whom need did in former ages, oae section being forever devoted to freedom, while the other wss left open to w day to indues the committee to report a slavery That has has been obliterated, and now theMosos, March 7, 1860.Cottoa in improved demand: sales today 7,000 bales prodncttona, In erery variety, with Amertcaa, Indian FreachT m e -at J©B1In*certain members of the Senate CommiUee ooat slightly better prices for the higher grades, while the and Ctonews Fans,can be procured, wholesale andreUul. 663lCaa.Lta«i |gr a* snrehase of IteHaa marble. moCAitauA-IDranammjcAXsAJTOTHEBALUM.sent session.Mr, HASKIB:replied, the committee were charged wtthsn investigation into the public printing, to inquire intothe abuses sad for the purposes of reform. A stonogrn- justicetobathseettons.Hethooghtitshouldhavenever phirisalreadyemployed.Thecommitteehopetocom-Steady at lOtfcB e a n t l f n l C o m p l e x i o n . — L a i r d ' s L i q u i dAT BTKRDELL'8-THX ORAKGB BLOSSOM WXDOIBKIpurposesfor whichHouse and the public at large. Recent developments atCOa&BCOQewantOD tO aasftTCT. TeauWfJ aVTQ tandaOlZlaOOtsS aafsntfilt to be taken up thisFreeNegroesExclndedfrontMissouri. ST. LOCH, March 8, I860.The bill excluding free negroes from this State under the penalty of becoming slaves, passed the Senate yester- day. It hadfprevionsly passed the House. The same bill passed both house* at the tast sessioa, hut failed to re-acquired more territory from France and fatthOoBy and expeditiously executed, .free fromSpam. How was this question assuaged tn the Louisiana tion, fraud and corruption. The giving nut of the work •• Ho quoted from hht minority report o a t h s to the lowest bidder has been fully and iairly tested, and bill, in March, I860, in which thai topic had been has failed to meet the expectations of Osngrsss, while the red; It w true that Congress did not always pro- government has been thoroughly fleeced by the contractm.proposition simply is to restore it, and thereby doFlour very firm, but not active. Howard street and «arl has achieved a celebrity as having no equal tor beautlfr- ^ _ ^ g ? l ? a j ^ u ^ ^ ^ y n » * t " " " * » e a h y n t a g and sraaarriag the skin g > Itroadway.Ohio held at $6 75. Wheat vary firm, sales 3,000 bushels;redfl40a0147:whiteft65a0166.Cornactive: McLaughlin'sImprovedFrench Yoke APSSFBOTSBWINGMACHIKE-KINBLVlLLABB—iit-clarad that the establishment of the tme wan an in- ^im facto to-morrow, for a apeeeh snstaiamg ha stance of Northern aggression. When ft was agreed to,Greenwich street, corner of Murray.Something New.—A Hrminer, Tntker, FRLJ.BB, BINDBB AND GAUGE COMBINED, just patent- Mr HASKXS replied he did not shrink, but he did not and 01 89 a 01 42 for red. Batter dull. Whiskey dull at ed, simple, hemming any width and thickness of cloth eithergat»> the manner of giving out the public binding. Tithe •ale in the early part of the session, that there it waa done with the concurrence of the 8oolh. But in gentleman wanted to ferret out all corruptions, let himprime 014 60 a $15. Whiskey drooping, sales at 2 S X c a 24c Exchange am New York unchanged.There was ao disguise about it It was not necessary to * go into particulars respecting the compromise measures of lflfO. The idea w a s to settle the question of slavery so that there should be no further contention about it This waa to be a finality. The Mis- souri compromise one was a sort of decoy, quieting the North to enable the South to go on and secure all the advantages they wanted. When it was no longer serviceable lor that purpose it was abandoned. The North are accused of being unfaithful to their compact: but who has been faithful and who has been unfaithful iwarfect of an early promulgation of a programme tn regard to that compromise liner Certainly the North wornfaithlu]toit Therewas noobligationontheNorth to extend that line any farther than waa originally pro- vided They were not bound to make any new bargain. The country acquired from Mexico had no slavery in it when it waa acquired, and the trouble is, that when the North would not agree to extend the line over newly acquired par Department to-morrow. It appears that he has territory, the South wero unwUlrag to stand by their old bargain. The excuse for breaking the agreement is,an! few freat tribes, waicn hare aometimes harassedw wenJetot republicans, in IBM.want a mere motion of formality to give rise to anew 28c a 24c. subject He insisted an the previous question, under theside, applied to any.Bewing Machine, by any one. in a few minutes. BETAlL* PRICE $6. UBEftaL DISCOUNT 1 0 TUB TBADE. Orders by mall aupplied (with complete in stroettona), postage paid. Send for a circular.Also UNIVERSAL BOSOM-FOLDER and SELF MARKER for Quilting.Affairs have instructed aTdairasn Mr. Corwin, to report the French Spolia-operation of which the resolution wss adopted by a targe majority.nco-vowv nv ran POSTAL ntRvirs—TBK PACIFIC WAILS.Mr. COLFAX, (rep ) of Lnd., from the Committee on Post Offioan, reported a bill reducing the expenses of the PostOffice DepartmentReferred to the Committee of the Whole on the State ofthe Union.Also a bill inviting proposals for carrying the entiremailsbetweentheAtlanticand PacificStatesononeline, by Which the government reserves the right to reject any and all bids it deemed expedient It is simply to ascer- tain for what sums the entire mails between those points can be carried.A synopsis of this bill was published on Monday week.Mr. Srorr, (dem.) of Oregon, inquired whether this in- formation was to be received during the present session.OxctBBAlf, March 8,1360. Flour firm; business limited at previous sales. Whiskey heavy. Mess Pork firm at 017 26 a 017 50. Bulk meatsand bacon firm.CisetNHATi, March 8,1860. The money market is slightly more stringent Sightexchange on New York unchanged for gold.P l a y i n g C h e s s b y L i g h t n i n g . CONTESTBBrWXBNTUBB08TONANDNEWYORKCLUBS. The match of two games of chess by telegraph, arranged between the New York and Boston chess clubs, com- menced last evening at the University Building. Messrs. Liehtenheta, Tompson, Maraohe, Loyd and Perrta play- ing on behalf of New York, aad Messrs. Richardson, Ham-mond, Howard, Ware and Stone on the side of Boston.!waoo*»te.rai nnrru or TORuanaicr or oounrau.Married. BtTHASAH—DAVIS.—Oh Sunday, March 4, at tiie resi-dence of the bride's father, by the Rev. Dr. McCarty, Mr. JAS.A.BccBAHAA-,ofNewYork, to CAKOLL\SDAVIS, of Brooklyn.BITXKK—Lrosr—On ITuesday, Feb. 21, by Rev. Frank Remington, JOBS C. BCTLSB to MiSB Lcct Lvos, both of New Bedford, Conn.HBHCKEH—Baoxmo.—On Monday, Feb. 2S, by the Rev. Mr. Held, Mr. C. w . HXXCXXH, of Charleston, S. C , to MART C , eldest daughter of Mr. H. Broking, of this city.Charleston Courier please copy.JlAKflH—GLBAK—In this city, on Wednesday, Feb. 8, by Rev Frank Remington, JOHN E. MARSH to Miss Jxmu. GIATO, all of Mew Y ork.ftjauteary of the District are elated with the promise^PTH.1p. w. Lander wiB make bis Indian report to the• ia» War Department which will enable t b e a to re- M an efident regimenLT os ormxum Dxnuimw AXD THI BHU» nut*.that one of the parties was unwilling to enteroverland emigration. Some of these are Into a new agreement Mr. CoOamer proceeded to Mr. BbLFAX replied that the Houso would not adjourn"'oftbi cay.T1LUB FOOT AND OTHKB DBroBMTTlBB OF TH*K.I aakto. foot aad hand, skUfnlly treatod by X>r. ZACMAMIM, 700 Broadway.probably before the latter part of June. By the bill the A number of highly respectable gentlemen were ta attend-, ate who committed the massacres this summer hi answer other objections that had been made against the bids were to be received till the 26th of May, and three ance, and tbe greatest interestwas manifested ta the moves.Utah. They are supposed to be aIBlisted with Mftwnill Compromise Use, as to Its unconstitutionality, &c. days thereafter laid before Congress for Its consideration. Col. C. D. Mead announced tbe mores of tbe Boston playersMACTARLAUP—SMITH.—On Wednesday, March 7, by CHILTOK OM THB OBOTOM.Rev. Frank Remington, JAMRS C. MACTABLAUD to Miss the Dtaphrarm FUter.marmfaerured by Mean 1 HeKAwaaiBwwoss. The report thrown lighten this anbject,He the* took up the charge that the North had resisted If it be deemed expedient, contracts can be authorized en as the despatches arrived, and Mr. WeUer performed the execution of the Fugitive Slave law by the passage ofthere was no connection between such laws sad aad believes that the moon- the election of a republican President The judgment of a court is binding on the parties in a suit. The United States never wore a party ta the Dred Scott case, and the dsebtoa of the Supreme Court is therefore not binding ondocuments to be printed previous to the commencementof the session, so as then to be laid before members, and O B Allen. K J r.ane, Wm Dunham, A Nortoa, R Wees, £ L 7 days.TNDIAK MEDICAI DEPOT.-CrjRSB ABE WA X la liver, I.uns;. Kidney, Heart eompUInt*. Beift » ferret them oau He thinks the rangers de-M, each provided with two homes, could not only the people. Judging from the democratic platform ta re- Axing the compensation for printing them.rake and punish the marauders, but also the hostile gard to the United rfiates Bank, the decisions of the Su- He giver it as hW opinion that the usual number preme Court are not infallible. He claimed that by theDBTABTTOES.HAVASSAII—Steamship Montgomery—S Wllmot, Mrs Beory B Taber, tfeo P Beits, Norm reiser, Qeo M Drake, Francis Utougb. M Dekie. UonaM MeLesae, N WeaiioR, Samuel Fules- ton. « has .1 Garwood, Silas Wbitsoab. HCate,.Chas U. Chapin, J J Callaway, M Umman, H Oatbath. Chia Adams. J Wal dron. M Brown, Mrs Sarah P Mather, Mrs Henry G Adams, A Q &inland, F B Carleton, Jas Maaras aad servant, D 8 Bart- lett. B M i'Town.BoaroLK. Ac—Steamship Roanoke—Themas Halloran. Jbhn Glvnn, M Heas. Mrs Bunenberg, J S QiUmas, .1 M Xormac. JThe friends of the family are respectfully invited to at-tend her funeral this (Friday) afternoon, at half past two mora, Panplas *r Skin Dawasas, at 680 Brad way. o'clock, from 106 Smith street. Sooth Brooklyn.•tsar forces, without extra riding animals, sad often by wagon trains, are noi adapted to fastnet a as ladiaa country.THIMTY-SIXl U CONGRESS. POST sahWON.•smate.^ Senate met iat one o'clock. AKBJISIIAST OV T B Sand the other showing the importance of having the documents at the earliest possible period before Congress; those ordered this session were not yet printed.roaSALT RHEUM AND SCROFULA.Permanently cures tetter, acaldaead, rmRworms. and all Bmhtaw eruptions of the skin. ~This Ointment penetrates to tbe basis of tbe disease - r o o t Its v*rj source—and cure* it from tbe flees beneath to the at?wt*at Oaaai was made the special order for Tues-aase the special order for Tuesday, at hah* pastapplied for admission the North objected, and asked a urvtston when all was slave territory. The South, weak aad fooanh, yielded half when it might have claimed the whole. The next thing was the acquisition of territory where there was ao slavery, and the North objected to the Southhavtng any share because it was not slave ter-England, and of Martin Downs of Dublin.Mr Hunter, the agent in this city of the press will behappy to attend to all inquiries addressed to him respect' tag the wreck.TO THB EDITOR OK THE HKBALD.Why de not the agents of the European steamers senda list of the passengers of every steamer by the mail tat-Trom 160 West Thirty sixth street.Post—In this city, on Thursday, March 8, of consump- flimmatory and painful afleeOowj generally, alwavs more or**» ah purpose to consider the subject ta a practi- jm.«Mtoseehow«8 couldmanea practical f^Jf«*aetsa*ortart & WgWJsit is a duty they owe to the public to do so.A TRAVELLER.DSLAWARB—CLASS NO. 116, MARCH 8, J969.66, 2, 65. 29, 22, 19, 26, 27. 12, 28, 49, 3, 5.Cbxaiars sent free of eharg* by addrewkutWOOD, MDDT A OQ., Wilmington, Delaware.funeral from his late residence, 187 Tiliary street, Brook- lyn, this (Friday) afternoon, atttwo o'clock.RIDGR —On Thursday, March 1, JOHN RIDOR, a native of BaiHeborough, county Gavin, Ireland, aged 24 years.iodine, the colchieutn or the otfcer remedies a hich baTe been em- ployed. And, alas, toe doctors are here generally ata toes, aad Uie patient die* in to* greatest agony These results never taka place wben BrandreuYs PUia are 'used. Million! ofcured testify to their entire safetyBrandreth's Pills and their concentration, the Life Addition? J 3 ^ ' • ^ »»*»'fc wt»te ft fo aa adTSai'Ief she eouatry, in order to ascer- " w h ef the rnensures that we pass. j«T society existing in this coon- • • «ft»^T«aotdmg dtatee and that m the free J * condBfoa of society in the free States, which * round aamaers, about two-thirds of the is- rv.waaaaa upon the idea that all » « t o b e u n i v e r s a l s u f -ThesteamshipDeSotobringsdatesofthe3dinst.Business wss dull Stock or sugar 116,000 boxes, against 160,000 last year.Freights Improving.Sterling exchange, 12)f a 13 *i per cent premium; sixty day bills on New York, 2 a 8 per cent premium.N e w s f r o m P i k e ' s P e a k . LEAVBSWOKXH, March 8,1860.His friends are respectfully invited to attend the funeralOfficialDrawing*offHodges,Davis& fromhielateresidence,364Bieeckerstreet,attwoo'clock, Pita,aresoldat04Canalstreet,NatUnioneqaare,aadr*constitution Congress has the right to regulate and governthe Territories, and that there was no provision in it thatCongress shall not prohibit slavery. The South claim theright to take slaves there, because they are property; butthe courts have decided that slaves are property only bylocal law, and when taken out from such locality that theyare not property. You cannot take a slave to a freeState and keep him or sell him. Stores are not property with the Secretary of the Treasury's financial reportH01KJK8 sged 76 yearsThe funeral will take place from the residence of bisdaughter, Mrs. B S. K. Richardson, 86 South Third street, Brooklyn, Eastern district, this (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock.KELLY.—On W ednesday, March 7, JAMXS F. KELLY, son of Peter and Mary Kelly, aged 2 years and 4 months.The friends and acquaintances, and those of hisbrothers, Thomas an 1 James, are respectfully invited tothere; so they are not property in the Territories where WASKOGTOS, March 8,1960. there is no local law in reference to them. SUres cannotThe bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a third readingAdjourned.TheLossoftheHungarian. CourtCalendar—ThisDap1. pastsev«-n,SOPHIA,onlychildofGH.andAdellaLich-be hela at common law, and were never held lawfully ta England Slavery was forced on the colonies by a special statute, against the common law. He quoted from the decisions of knnuah courts to show that slaves are notW a Bray—and thirteen in the steerage.Eighth avenue, this (Ktiday) afternoon, at two o'clack. LICHTEVHKW.—On Thursday morning, March 8, at halfCAIXROS, (rep.) of Pa,, presented a petition of the• sfSchuvkill coun^, Pennsylvania, for an amend- coneleered legal property. But if slaves were property,HALIFAX, March S, 1360. The steamship Hungarian is advertised to be sold atBarrtagton on the 23d Inst, for salvage.StTRKM* Cor RT—«BCTTr.—Part 1—Short calendar, oddteaetein, aged 1 year, 5 months and 18 days.The" f.,ushds of tne family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral at the house of the parents, No. 57 London terrace, this (Friday) morning, at eleven o'clock,< <ihs TanJT law.tZKOVAXor m lanaui c PTTAX.I, frep ) of Iowa, gave notice of a bill for theof the Daartct of Columbia to Maryland and not the case.we had no right to u s e them into the Territories, for the Territories do not belong to the several States, but to thenumbers. Nos. 1805.1367, SC87 3333^,8661,2163~ ,B0h7>a, llftl, 19S6,1791, 1646,,1671,3995, 3919, 1391,1645,.—•JBhort calendar, even num-califd the legal argument of the Senator OtmotionofMr.«tu,theWest PMatMBwastaken•P-Tat rsocBua on t n TSXAS rnowtmn.Mr. WazcAU, (dans.) of Texas, withdrew bis former meat in relation to a mounted regiment of votun- one specifying the itemsrsaidthatbowasgtaitheSenatehadbe- for, but ho was net stall •ana aWle«*nasM"* ajsap asnsanwanw« a>anenv* aw ampopulation of the mining region.Nothing later has been received from Salt Lake. Itwas rumored at Fort Kearney that the troops at that point wonld be ordered to chastise the Indians for depre- dations recently committed.targe Bouse.S e m m o n sspectacle*. Sole and only depot MB), Broadway.gtedavrt Pianos*P e b b l eBrooklyn, this (Friday) afternoon, at half past three o'clock.WHITS.—On Thursday, March 8, JOBS T. Warra, in the 62d year of his age.His friends and acquaintances are invited to attend the funeral, this (Friday) morning, at eleven o'clock,from his late residence, No. 37 H Broome street. His remains will b e t a k e n t o K e y p o r t f o r i n t e r m e n t .Want.—OnThursday,March8,afterashortillness,JO- SEPH, eldest son of Robert and Ann Webb, aged 27 years, 1 month and 6 days.The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invitedtoattendthefuneral,fromhislate residence, No 266 West Twentyeixth street, this (Friday) afternoon, at!*{•••£•MU^»B*«benattowsdtogoattargebecause ornwp^titicnl Intaeaee H* got into a private quarrel, and then went to Mexico a e i gaihorod a band and com- •awoouwagsn. The officer at that station had got all thetroorejheasked for.« * * WIO»AU replted, aad oensured General Twiggs forf t r o o 2L 5tir. £.*""! "*"' < BWTOX,March8, 1800,J. M. lay sad Jonathan Bourne hare benn elected dele-gates to Chicago from the first district of Massachusetts.The Hoboken stnd Newark Railroad. Tavrros. March «, 1660.mains will be taken to ttypress Hills Cemetery for inter- mentA&I. M. MBVBR A OO.SBXBTS MADB TO ORDERD. C. II1XR0K A :SSJlaw Teak.;3?JK£K-.f c mryofwarhadmadearecom*nendntion.morningsigned theCOLOBIWOJBt^BKIB. ^ U i mquireditroowAaadthssn. last.?•••'••-tZFfXZ*iThe Bead Aaaartwaent of Ho«e**e*pl»*ntUntitled Doat B p . BABBSTOtyg.0cumeCrl.todoro a Hair Dr*, «•»«• *•* £ji,Thomas M. Tryniski• i d dweotmg to 1. Seat, 306 Oread street Men foUdatwnoaa.AOOaUtuKIOBBJt OF DaMBfl OT A U . TMM BrATMe.hi KPWaRD BltanJL t71 aroadwar ooraarof skreovHewTarn.*** e»aimed that the Seire-° Dt8IRt*° CrirTr?Mr. Hanraix, (dean) of Texas, advocated too amend .y*i.*»« * r t TM *» *^**dentwas of the oaanten that the eutwooesaf the fMabiw eervwe reqwrcti that it should be adopted.The amendment was carried.HAUt, (rop.)of N . H.,offered asnftinr ssassPsawtalninag]that wh«a this rvguneut is raised, the raised,theregulararmy bhee rednoad equivalently, aad Iks PresidentThe WlacMSla ateUa^ada. MADJSOS, Wis., March 8.'18eo,tbeoounwy_ u d e e , 437 Broadway.rators, n t B .Ttaat'Stst^ahaada^sa*:W»oea. Gaaera, Ac . are atvand toeall at S a o r V o T o l M i l X . *°l5LB'«ld.w»»- «^U aason*of thelanest, ten s^teaW stotkrf gpsde ta New York or n Anaerfis, n ssnafy Ma.MarchS.LMO. cAiaosjn* Drau* WAS ajpsjsnhn•aw^amrw:Mr. Brsen, (dem.) of Cni., introduced a bill,which was raforred to the Osssaasass on Muiaary Affairs, provtomg for the paysnaat of the expenses 9CU*tadntt*«v4Ueev>Ca^?rya.Ratal Railroad Aeetdemt.BAXAVIA, N. Y , March 8, I860.The night express East last night struck three boys, six miteseastofBuffalo,killingoneInstantly,andInjuringone ef the others badly The third one a unityurod. The bora were a n d about httosn rears.• the ben to^wwgd. Whatonte_«* «•**www.fultonhistory.comNEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1860.that their inhabitants elect all the Territorial officers. Re- ferred to the Committee on Territories.n > UABnnrns or anxruwsnan.Mr JoEt CocHRAjrx, (dem.) of N. Y., introduced a bin to amend the act limiting the liabilities of shipowners, and tor other purposes. Referred to the Cbnunittoe on C«n-vidingforthepublicprinting,binding and lithographing. admcatod by He atod it proposed a radical reform. He would netaow as that of the enter tatoaalatawisnt Nsawaftag the multitude of evils ofaassTsat••••• ?""!.Le_a_toerneaideiryourstayagreeaBle to formed but wo have BOW wandered so far from theother and of the Capitol showtheusesmadeofthe sixothersyettobedisposedof. Thatof Joseph StoutisSiwdeflers adfioe as to a anode of preventing Mor Personal Liberty bills. These acts were merely for the pro- the basis of the proposals. the same duty in Boston for the players of the New York Mr- STOCT thought the bill ought to be passed immedi- club. The games dragged along very slowly, owing toSARAH JAAK S a n s , ail of New Y ork.D i e d . BRICK*—Suddenly,atGreenfieldHill,Conn.,onSunday,March 4, Sreux Mnxs, wife of Leander W. Briggs, to the 20th year of her age.Stamford papers please copy.BBWHAB*.—On Tuesday afternoon, March 6, SARAH Ru XABRIH, wife of Samuel Burhans, Jr ., aged 83 years, two months and 15 days.The relsnves and friends of the family are resneetfnlly invited to attend her funeral, without further invitation, from her late residence, 271 Spring street, this (Friday) sflernoon, at ono o'clock.A O'hara, la to* kind of porous to whtak I ailuead to ear ew- crnlrewn to the Crotoa Board. I enoaklar the artSaaml saaa- sione^lsOhcoiietltutos the filierint medium to bean ssaaBsal article for toe purpose The fantrumsat to quite durable, ana only requires to he levevsed ecosstonatty to Insure as aantavJAMBSB.CHILTOK.M D,Cham**. Visit at thwseaaon all rirer wa-ers. anTaassiis ta* dyeSaf ratabbshment* stable yards anrf other causes of awputki. read Harper for March 00 the inhabitants of the Orotoaetotormwater, and you will s-t drink It uctoat filtered Bold and war- ranted by McKBBZIB A O'HARA, 305 roarth 1DR. TOBIAS? VBTrBTIAM LnrfMBBT, FOB THB CT/SS of chronic rbenm»'t«m, tooehaehe headache, sore three*, frosted feet, crottp, epretoe. aad any pain or ache; • unrtvaltea by any remedy to use. Try it and have• alienee. The tribes reforred to are styled Eastern tection of their free citixens against tionapping, ana <twas ately, in order to enable persons on the Pacific side tothe delay occasioned by convaytag the moves and replies from the University Building to the Telegraph office in Wallstreetandvicevena. Taefollowingtableswillshow the play during tast evening up to the time of adjourning, eleven o'clock:—t ffniem Saakes, or Shoshonees, the rannacks, and w Bah Lake Digger* Colonel Lander adro- • Ut sppototment of the movntaineera of that oonntry Man areats, and supports the views of the Secretary f»; u t e the formatioa of ranger compank s of frontier u Ha thinks that if reliable meuntaineerathe duty of every State to take all proper precautions lest the provisions or the constitution, and the laws passed ta pursuancethereof, shouldbe used ss pretextstoenable unprincipled men to violate the rights of free persons. He referred to the decision in the esse of Prigg against Penn-bid. Mr.Homos,(dem)ofAla.,askedwhetheritproposedthe abrogation ot the present contracts ?Mr. COLFAX replied that it did not, but left that for Con-gress to determine.Further proceedings were Interrupted by the expirationof the morning hour.J ran PIBLIC BIXDISQ OOSTRAOTS.On motion of Mr. Bcnssrr , the Committee on Public Xx- penditnres were instructed to inquire how the public bind • tag had been let out, the number of bidders, the prices proposed and whether contracts bare been given to the lowest bidder ta accordance withexisting laws,wtth powerrasTOAnx.Stvnnia, and the leenl principles there enuasiated. In » Fugitive Steve law of I860, the Commissioner is clothed appointed Indian agentt they wonld reside with ileal power of adjudication, which was Tory objec-Moves 1—P to K 4 2— P t o y 3lae tribes, and travel from point to point with tiotabte.Mr. MASOH, (dem.) of Va—The constitution requiresM thttr way to the buffalo aad fishing aad root that fugitives from service shall be delivered up. Does ». The ebtefo of these tribes are disposed to pre- the constitution submit any other question than was he8 - P x P4— B M Q 2 5—QKttoBS 6—Kt to K B 3Price Band60 e SOMTby all dro«gisav Depot Ma Banerr—On Wednesday, March 7; after a short ill- Cortlandt streetKttiUtons wth the whites, which often take place the bad behavior of young aad mckkan membera fofeiaen These agents would also aaoartnin whether Ithat men were influencing the Indians to commit i, aad causing the Indians to bear the biases of Oat Lander asserts that his advance parry of directly tareenja\«jM« eoata* tribesheld to eerrioe, and did he escape, not whether rightfully or otherwwsTMr CoLLAsm—That does not touch the point When a man was brought before a Commissioner the quoitkm was, fs the man a fugitive slave? IT ho was, take him back; not for trial—no, this was hia trial.Mr. MASOH claimed that there was no slave State to the Union but m which a negro would have a f ill sni ampin trial, if the claim were made that he was not a fugitive.NewDB. FFAFF, HOhTJtOFATHXO FBTBIOXAM AMB geon, Hotel Rt Dean,BANK LF.8LIE TO THE NIW8DBALIR3. FBANK UBSUE T o TUK NBWBDBAI.EBSFBANE LESLIE TO THB NEWBDBALEBB. FBANK LESLIB TO THB NBWSDEiFBANK LKSilE TO THB FBANK LKSL1E TO THB KEWBiFBANK LKSUt TO THB NhTWBDE^PBANK LESLIE TO THB NBWBDEAtKBS.FBANK LBHLTB TO THB MBWgnaaXKBB. fKAFK LBrLIK TO THE NEWBDEALFBB.I hare made such arrangemente that hereafter Bess a Tee - say, Dexter A Co., Headrtoksoe, Btoke A Loof, a*d oaaar waolesale newOeelere, will alt be enabled to supply say aawav irated Newspaper Icjrpod aetaoo. aad at a uniform timeFBASK LBBLIR, No. it Ctty Ball square, M. T.•C1TRE PROOF SAFES.8TEABNF A MARVIN.40 Murray street Mew Torn.GBOVEB A BAKBafBSOlaVLMBB FAMTibLeTaNteEiWTNO MACHlMam, 4M Broadway, New Tort.MBFnaoasweat,1EL West, passed through one of these H*the sot no of theeoUismn< immediately after of the ajBjsjrsnWa. He rode a distance of sixfor a man to get his dinner; but what good does that do if a sasa |s%no money9 He referred to the speech of the from Georgia (Mr. Toombs), and denied that thereMeans.Messre. Stootaus, PBELPS, (dem.) of Mo.,sad WASHby the New York Club in preparing their answers was as follows —*-©ond move, three minutes; third move, two minutes; lourth move, three minutes; fifth move, fifteen minutoa. About eleven o'clock the last reply from Boston was received, sad further playing was postponed until half past six o'ciosk this evening. On re-assembUug fo-without further invitation.CHICUSCTKR.—On Thursday, March 8, of consumption,BBUABTJI S CmcHssrsn, 22 years of age.Tbe relatives and friends are invited to attend his fu-neral, at Patchogue, L. L, on Sunday next, without fur- ther notice.KRA7«t.—On Wednesday afternoon, March 7, HAXXAH, wife of Abraham Frsxee, In the 57th year of her age.The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully inrited to attend her funeral on Sunday morning, at nine 0 clock, from her late residence, No. 42 Charles street, without further notice.GAYKOX —Ln Brooklyn, MAMABBT GATHOB, daughter of Hugh and Catharine Gaynor, aged 2 years, 8 months andtot e i dfor persons and papers.Botttm.For*. 1—P to K 42—Kt to Q B 3 8— P t o Q B S 4—K Kt to B 3 6—K Kt x K Pness, EMMA RBSRTXA BocBon, onlr child of Mary Bischoff, sgtd 1 year, 3 months and 17 days. ,The friends of the family are invited to attend the fune- ral, from the residence of her mother, 310 Spring street, iths (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock. Her remains will beltaken to Cypress Hills Cemetery.CLARKK.—On W ednesday, March 7, PATRICK CLARKS, a native of the parish of Mullongh,county of Cavan, Ireland, aged 72 years.THI AJLSV AWKOFKUnON BILL.Mr, Sawnnus, (rep.) of Ohio, from the Committee ofMores 1 - P to K 4 2—Kt to K B S 8—B to Q Kt 64—B to Q R 4Ways, aad Means, reported the Army Appropriation bill. Mr. STASTOS, (rep.) of Ohio, argued that the bill should he referred to the Military Committee, ta order that they might be enabled the more thoroughly to examine it andreport reforms.Mr. Cnma, (rep.) of lows, seconded Mr. Stanton's5—PtoQ4The day before, yesterday the New York Club tote-night signified their readinessto receive the first answer ar. U i u i x i B wvuiu nvv ma*o au aSSvy on wis poiDV. views, contending that the general appropriation bills from Boston, The New York Club received the first an-His relatives and friends are respectfully Invited to at- u»d tbe funeral, this (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock,has repeatedlyaw«two persons. During the last fall oas of his poses. Ton might any that an eating hawse is free trusted alone to the hands of the Committee of Ways and nutes thereafter they sent an answer. Tbe time occupied from his late residence, 320 West Tweaty seventh street,Be sftspa* that the decision was final for all practical pur- should be sent to the different commttteeB, aad not en- swer from Bartow at about Seven o'clock, and four mi-tnrssi (rep.) of Me., opposed this, maintaining that such law of Vermont ta conflict in any way with the an arrangement would cause confusion and delay. Thereinn. Even If a law happen to b ; , it would hardly justify the charge of treason sad perjury. The States, asshould be one committee entrusted with the general estimates. By pursuing the ordmary method respecting thek} the Indians wherever he met them, making it sjaah, did not adopt the constitution the people had to appropriation bills, the military and other commiu-.es ught tbe ptayera en both sides will be prepared to tele-ef doubt whether the Indians really comm tied meet sad adopt it This is s national government, aad If would be enabled, having previously examined their pro-graph their moves immediately.Arrivals aad Depart ares. ABBIfAUtNoarout—Steamship Torktowa Jaa Little, WmMeLaugh- Ian, Charles Bsstiags aad lady, f C Browning, T O Thompson, W t> Hi,her. E MeXaUev. O G Garrison. H Uoha, T O Parrish,hif mLOVI TUB CAC3B.STBACCSB, March 8, I860.ceivethe signatureof theGovernor.18 CRKTS.The Ottawa Rescne Case. OBMAOO, Marchork.New ForJfc. Moves 1—P to K 42—E Kt to B 3 8 — P t o Q 4 4—Q x P6—B to Q B 4 e - y toy 3Bottom.aECOXbOASIS.graphed their first move, and at half past six o'clock lastXash, I leases. Miss M Bysn, Mrs Von Herring, and 9 in the steerage.The bill was debated at length, one side regarding it astatossering with the constitutional rights of the President, ST TBOMAS—Brig Addy Sw ift- Dr Ducachet, Dr Williams. HODOBB—Iu Brooklyn, en Wednesday, March 7, ALFRED NOBTON'g OINTMBNT,The bill was amended so s s to authorize the President to cause bis annual message and accompanying docu m e n u , or 11 tie think proper the documents alone, to be printed in advance of the meeting of Congress, togetheron the aurfaoe.Depot at Penfold, Parker A Mower's, It Beekmaa street0N BURNB*—UNANSWERABLE ABGUMENT—A abort and practical view of the enhisot.—H. B Fry, K»4., agent of tbe great Iron IBlls, Bate Harbor, Laaeastor eonats, ra., who sella huadreds of bottles of Prof De GrnUYs Kleotrte CU, says the men are much exposed to fire, aad often meet with acztfehn, -but the Btoetrie CHI takes all pate oat, aad Kitts the hands no trooale. He orders another krge tot, aast says they are entirely oat. It a>eo acts promptly and efflBtetitfr in relieving fro* bites and teJurias of an; kind Ilk* spraaa and wounds. It will relieve Ptiea more surely and • leasastlypeople ot the Vtilted States. If the Territories belong to fgThe body of another man, supposed to hare been a pas- bars. Nos. 3070, 3G44 1,2976,1940,3090, 2268,2196,without further invitation. The remains will be taken to than aty other thing, and it acts liae a charm in caaas ofthe States, each State has a right to a certain portion of 16S0,1546,1644,10)82, 3484, 3978, 3003, 3072, 1390,Cj pri-ss Hills for interment.MORA.V.—At Newark, New Jersey, on Wednesday,March 7, MICHARL MORA*, aged 72 years.The funeral will take place from his residence. No. 16Bank street, this (Friday) afternoon, at three o'clock. MCLTORD —On Wednesday, March 7, NRLLTR, infantdaughter of Geo. O and Nellie Mulford, aged 10 months., Tbe friends and relatives are respectfully invited to at- tend tbe funeral on Saturaay morning, at ten o'clock,bioket breast and sore nipples. If sueb men as Dr. Welimeae, of Lancaster, and hundreds more aJtojre that they have beam cured, la it not entitled to mere credit than the mere self adula- tion of any medicine dealer or doctor to the world? For safe* by all cruepiau and dealers ia the United States and Canada. Price 25 cents, 60 tents sad fl per bottle, sizes ealArrei For sale at BaBBBS A PARK'S, 19 and 16 Park row. Depot, Philadelphia. Pa.0UK HEALTH SHOULD BE CARED FOB.Purgathe medicines, when properly prepared, aad use* according to the intensity of the disease, win not only cttreto-the land, and if sold to a portion of the money. This is senger, has been found, Twe of his teeth are filled,one wtth silver and the other with gold. The body was 1034,3928, 3936, 3948, 4010, 2116, 3392, 1668, 3108, 2972,w«**al of the capital of the United States. Mr BXTUAWIS desired to reply. He thought the Senator or TBKLociavrujs ASS ronruAsri CASAL from Vermont hau made a mistake in history, and wished to correct him. The Territory of Louisiana, acquired fromburied- SrntR»R Conrr —Part 1, Cttar Hall—Nos. 493,661,669, The books and letters of Clement B. Barrett, M. D., of 677, 323,331, 689, 696, 621, 411, 626, 461. 607, 329. PartNew York and the portrait of his daughter Ada. bave also for the enlargement of the Louis viDe France, was exclusively slave territory. When Missouri been found; also the letters of G. Banscom, of Brighton,2.—Nos 412, 246,160, 462, 512, 616,618,196,197,198, 82, 80,81,212,422Si P E x n COURT building, room No. 16.OOWMOK PLSAS—Part 1—New. 1707,1783,1789, 1790, 1791,1792,179S, 1794, 1795,1717, 1798, 1799,1800,1801, 123. Part 2.—Nos 1685,1708, 420,1609, 356, 1636, 418, 1616,976, 424,1621, 2668,1541, 132,1788.Drawings of the Delaware State JLott*- ries, WOOD, * 0 D t A CO., ataaagert of the•Utct• » am. osuAHXB os raw rworncnosi or SLAVSXT rs ritory. The South said continue the tine of division andtion, i.YDiA A.\.\, wife of & S Post, sged 37 years and 10 months.lees relieve, but debility Is never ladueed. The bowels being Cleansed, the dtseatire functions are greatly Unproved, and the. paoent, ao far from being weakened, is nourished, supported and strengthened.the North objected, and hence the North broke the con-tract Again, in 1860, the North refused to abide b> the I howa"» KsohrtiDu came up. geegraphioal hue, and ia 1864 went back to the Une again. (rep.) of Vt., remarked that the discus- Bad the North carried tte line to the Western waters ahannnl had taken a very wide range, there would hare beau so clamor to-day. The South had been right and Mnerous-tho North exacting, aggressive, tjranaicni a i d despotic. He wanted to know rf the resto-Notice of funeral given to-morrow.Hartford and New Haven paperi please copy.QnsLBT—On Wednesday, March 7, PATRICK QCHILBT, cnlda, dlptheria, and painful affections generally, they never In-rsttoa of the fine was ail the republic* party wanted? That party, if he understood H, was based oa hostility to si*very,aad would never again admit a slave State Who wastheexponentofthatparty?Hehadthoughtthe fltsslur wonld admit that these personal liberty bids wars wrong, but he undertook to defend them, as passed, to protect Iran citaens. They were passed for no suchto keep the South from reclaiming her slaves. that if the negro was free he would have at the South, Ha claimed that the govern- i iswfii'tsisniin of the States, and not as the V e r m o n t c l a i m e d , o f t a e p e o p l e T h e (JBsaflsf Iron, Vermont repeated legal heresy in saying thatsstves are not property. He claimed that from the time that negroes first existed to Europe, up to the time of case, they were always considered as It wsasswagh for ao to know that slavery was recognised by the constitution of the United States IT that constitution was changed then the Union would be subverted. and the Month would rather give up the Union*N e w sf r o mNsw OBLBAJIS, March 7, I860.Fulton street-Photographs, Miniature to life size. Cameo- The Overland express, with Denver dates to the 1st types, Daguerreotypes, uaeqnallsd.Charles T rust, of London.The funeral will take place from the residence of herancle, Charles R. Parfltt, 160 East Thirty-fourth street, this (Friday) afternoon at one o'clock. Her remains will be taken to Greenwood for interment. The friends and rela-a W everywhere.CPBING, I860.VALPAMB«B POLISIinstant, arrived to day. The messenger reports One weatherandgoodroads. Theexpress brought$4,000in gold dust on consignment New valuable quarts leadsRemoval.—Wm. McEvoy Has Removed! his stock of men and boy's Clothing from No 110 to 176 Bowe-F i s h e r m e nM M il s s s s il n n fg . Bojnotr,March8,1860.Frro hnhtag vessels, manned by about fifty men and vaiued at §3,000, are considerably overdue at Gloucester,Ladles'MewSpring Dressand Mantilla TrUnavlngs, at LOCKEiT, BON A CO.'S, 2M Fulton street, Brooklyn.ginger's Bowing MarMines, for rami ltee,SjBjTand ah •saarasawwig p its m i , are mnyatned..TheyssKtsrswe and foam are entertained for their safety* Palssnsjtas tn tme CMteago Convention.atdoingmorework aadofearantnmare atoaey.anymaaatoetomarket Ta.familymarine,att*Jaas half-pastoneo'clock,withoutfurther invitation. Hisre-WneexeaMHawe'a FamilyTMe tera^ffeglstetiBB oor.ratted wtth the city, town aad D. BABBFOKl) o, laefl A FIrlF. HBAD OF HA*-** ^'Tbe Governor this NewarkBailroadbill,aadBWnewalawHobokenand«M~-TO S^a^aWtatbe world for tsretog GRAYJB OBB DGU.AB. FMaakml aoeot at306 Grand sweat, e raer of Alto*. Kew toneiSimeon Draper, of Mow \'ork, is here engaged ta mat-county'i, for railroadFreights tat Georgia.* SAVASKAH, March S, I860.AJoaa cebom agwatwe wtoTvatSas ef Mr. MBJ.DCB.Great qaaatfttos of freight are arriving bore, but thereia no dewmuoa. Ninety ear toads are leaving dally for m a m and fnil wrhteae'E x a m i n a t i o n s ,dally at rOWLMB A8,1860.The storehouses of H. J. Galbralth and Mason k Utter,bury,atWaverley,Mo.,werePmrnedanthefirstinstantThe ices is not stated. Insurance 810,000. Garbralta'B It Is weU known that Salves are ahsorbsd Into the aystesarobbed of nearly tt.OOQ,PHILADBXPHIA STOCK BOAR». , PwiLADSxrau, March 8, I860.Stocks firm. Pennsylvania State *Railroad, ftWiJMerilsOnBSf, §0%; Longfo11X; Pennsylvania Railroad, 38J{. Sight exchange on New York at par.IKTO AKT 3B-CBBT ABTICLBS. MM2KMT ABnCLMO,BMTAllJtD MT 3,060 DBI700nTS WHOLB8A1*, KO. ISO WATKR aTRBKT.BiMMOBB, March 8, I860.ti Cole, .lanes T Vaughan. KM Le Cour, Hugo Plant, Rev attend the funeral, from the residence of bw parents, 302PSLAWABS, utaftaii, nurroatT AXD MISSOURI SXATB urnaasm.DaiAWAM—XXTSA CLASS. MO 116, MARCH 8. I860.me netely following it? In case of any accident—take, forinstance, the ill fated Hungarian—this would preventmuch anxiety to expecting friends; and it appears to me 78, 3, 1, 45. 6, SI, 28,10, 74, 68, 32, 65, 33. Shamrock Society, are respectfully invited to attend the tonnidtble symptoms, which too often are the reeuB of tawH a v a n a .«e.'s Coaoaasatsd Uaartea ef eeerfia. ntaae 273. aUaen 8. UN.this (Friday) afternoon.aUdrnggata.Pnee 36 cento and 60 cent* per 001. BTIBBA..DRBTH.SPAKKKS.—On Thursday, March 8, at his residence, No. 8, 52, 65, 68, 19, 35, 37, 3», 63, 66, 49, 50, 73, 6. 646 Greenwich street, HEWRT SPARKKS.Of.BOOKS BOUGHT IN ANT QUAKTITT. MOB gan's Exposure of Free Masonry tor sale.Prises sashed at fee Broadway. Circulars sent free. His friends arc respectfully invited to attend the fune-HODGM8, DAVL8 k OO., Managers,ral, from St Luke's church, Hudson street, on Saturday afternoon, at two o'clock precisely.TRUST —On Wednesday, March 7, of consumption. EMM PBRAT'S JAPJJOHN PkBE, 106 Nsssau street.B r o o k l y n — W i l l i a m s o nG a l l e r y ,3 4 9T r u e r , i n t h e 2 1 s t y e a r o f h e r a g e , d a u g h t e r Of t h e l a t e B O O T A M D S B O B P O U B H . SP1RKDID GLOBS-MO BUUBING—SOILB MO _had been discovered fourteen miles from Denver, which ry, near Houston street where he has opened a new establish- tives of the family are respectfully invited to attend.ROOBBS A BATMOND *-** bave ODfned their Oprto« bustosss for 10SO. w*k a aoat^sd fashtotable Clothing of much greater extent j ^ . j y l f * " • * they have presented at the ccatBteaeswieat e f a y nrevtonipromise to exceed in richness anything before known. Quarts mining was being carried on with good success. Tbe Gunnel lead is reported as leading $H00 or 1700 to thement stocked with tbe latest stylee of goods, whisk he offers to his customers on tot usual favorable terms-ready mads or made to order.London papers please copy.WILSON—On Thursday, March 8, of consumption, Capt- CHARLES WILSON, in the 88th year of bis sge.FwcxMwi,(rep)ofMo.,saidthatit toolateoordofrook,takenfromndepthofeighty test. The Rocky MountainAetot urges the establishment of Post.eason. In,U{gf^^fifiBg —next door to Banna s Muse: Both taawaras are sateked w«* * • matbaTiiruaJic aalli eaa tura out ta this country.• * * " * TOT^OtVOTHrjIOtt **Volgtlanelers A Baas Opera aad Hart nenow, but that aoawi other day an ahonht notice what Is offices aad mail routes to accommodate the fast increasing Glasses, at SIMMONS A oO.!a, • » > , Broadway, under La- ral, from his a t e residence, No. 306 Atlantic street,.1— i— ill. •. .mi „I.I. , , ,A Co.'eB r a z i l i a nHerring's Patent Cttaawptwa Firelal Breadwar. earner aotf Murrayaad barttar proof SafesP h r r a o l o a r l c a l WELL*', 3UJ Broadwayw l t nQeaegav601 Broadway.e*»«»ot.tht»arBSonfldeBt.ae omvtodtessrSTp^Ztt toe arm BOW <a* ever) are gradnatod to SB S S a s s a s a t e t h a i a v a s t t r a d e w i l l e n a b l e t h e m t o a d o p t lowestsea* BoORBBABArMOMD.UNGKR'S SEWING MACHTMBS.AN ENTIRsTrfiw 8TTIX,for all nfaetartegSaaaaa ttilmacato*eierproducted, fr«eonlyllloMr. Longwortb Sends ta Mr* "fl'st. Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States at the Court of"Rlggs Trass" OAeebasHollovray's Ointment.—Couanmptlon—UNIVERSALHXMMXB Co., 4 »1Broadway.; ., egnative cf Edgarstown,county Longford, Ireland. jure. When tbe severity of the disease is past after a few day* The frieuds and relatives of the family, and also of the the patient gets well He Mnot struct down bv othe- and momHisfriendsarerespectfullyinvitedto attend thefune-toeeavefltenaccv aU t bT T-J° £" P «» ' =* • ZACHAB1B. sZftm itoroeodatL,, 708 Brradwaj. Befars to pkratotoos and ear-I-trge rlas* born*, pnee 60 cent*. I^irge rlaaa boin*. pnee i.GEBRIT MORTON, FToerietor, New T o r tThus, while BR ANDRETH'8 Fills surely enre rnmiasls—_• M B TTMM GBROWKBW fX>aTPAjnr OF 309 South 4th Streetulton New York 13069F 