 IT^^-^'ij^kufinl leiuge„.af flawin UUker, tf nrfilia..occurred laaftemoea.aorte.sl<re,jkey «bea#btiHrMr. Rt'BDi Roras, so lar as be was mats ta«f the(MdcccHn*~i8IHctofthaoOeaundertbeMinedream. i*teated,if mJiuVl ofasecUonalReonbll-TmXMUT DODSX.I «aaMn«Mi« n?agistnt*IN Aterday at 3>i morning,tfcliiij iifNocoaeofmrr*oiyoV:^T."h^e^s^ss'Jorti,':-hici i^?:;;^^";'^,; for .0 maey years are to befire breaking out on the third floor of a tenementOuiiaf tbe nsmber had been incresBed to 308*'* **— ttiT"^"—o'clock, in of a coniequenjequiry ritrscdbylhe Board some tl.nc since, statingthat Messrs. &Mo.'^pedon Qalier have not refuodeuhmg t»»esji«st.o beis had confidence in tbe Ameneao Board. Even°7l-Tku taken n|i«g Umwlf tbe daties ando her Societies, and fifty yeira obi.Tke and tbe LegliUtaiein United States Incurance Company. The furniture offrom an cxpmtlon of au Tlews upon the ataiaWarvacatlon of tke <U7, asd some sofgnatioaalBakk8«otkeA>tare.TDOnatitutioa of the TJaltad BUies as ordtiuM t^e ablest and most dlstingnisbed leader of the Re-Ika a* stnmg now as erer before In the history of tbeher some bu-iinessIExecutive, Legis- lattve, and Judicial authority of the non-slavehoidmg tBtaa, with scarce an exception. In tbe Senate ofelect to the Chair..see the necessity lor the resolution proposed.Governor BscEsiaGaAUSEN moved to "w as a thame. Why didn't they make offence?peopleexpectean ca"d'idate to theures to compel them to do so, because he was await- ing tke direction of the Board. Mes.srs. McSpedon *brmg an increase of over ttfiOtof tbe ooatrtbotiOB of the previous year.illsiiniaiMai af He had been told by Or, i^naraa that" la an aid MMUtkcd br OBT fathers, wa« de>i(ned to form (.ublicsu Party,ycrmltted'ueA>(«rfeetlaillltT, proaioteopenand 1 would be to and the South If Iroom, house No. 142 Worth-street. The fire wasbe aby direction of the Supervlsoni, with the understand- no cay for the Church. The ladies were In fa- uted tbat too mneb of tbe noney ta .thewas needed ube refunded. Thedcci»ion was against them. The support <il tte American Board of Commissioners for PxsiTbaiTsaid tbat ibe InstltatiuD wastoeoaithe general we)fa'e, and »e- «nd onrpo!-disloyal Virginia a old not declare that tbe electloa of suchAa^arleofaUtlieStatealntkoaeeariler aad better dajBof tke'Repoblle.ResentMr. FrrzaixAU) reiterated bis charge that the iug tbat Ibe Board's operation bad decreaaedmay imperiously requiretbe Kepubllcan Party numtiers upwards of twenty, sembltng of the Legislature in the Spring. In alldressed the Board as followsamend, by making It read that, on and after this date, no billsthe a» ord." Plymouth Churchup coold, in htl opin-tte adjBSMant of all419 *e, Itavin* »1,4;9,588 60 for collection.still receive their confidence andA Republlcaa President was chosen this year inaccordance with the agreement entered into last when a Democratic President was elected.Mr. Joseph B. Young wasnow, and thatMr. lli;TcnihscN 'saidHathaway & Cu. was towed intoS"** T,*^ !P""'£5.*'''*property'"'='' sanction asthey oughtknowledge with regard to the operations of the .liner-watt un-aoutb willi3M,9li laBt year.£J^H"\TM>«lonthat tbe ef tbe Union axe nun- dayswas kept up. an effort was made to the depriveA Vcrcx—Suppose we sing a hymn. [Laughter.]""TMkeeper<»f a evening,tatil thiy got to the other side oi Jordan. UApplause.Jic.queations relating to tne dispo-— ^Patbickyears of age, until recently tbehotuc at No. 31 Willott-street, on SaturdayBvhile laboring under a fit of mental derangement, attempted self-desbuctton by cutUag bis tbroat withsupport.accordinglyto Franciscommonfleos. If jheycaabarecoBeiiad, lettbcai adjust the^cutiymanQ>ntaur~s»saU«aaw Ship Ja». W. Fanning, BrlggB, GalveatoDUte, wtik-Sdellberiui?»'K^!'*"*** "•*•»• '''^" "^ *•»• ^'T PiS; tMM wirjl"' NaUoaal, ioSSiJSSSId^d'.^"^ r>rt of f^SeTedltorial,such afeupervlsor Bill read from the minutes to prove the proceedings of the Choctaw Council, tha Chuich, as a\ -. ''.oooies, »i's*u't«c "and Vattnul. auind the> fCommitteetowattontheMayor.Board of the of this Church. Hereal support«ecling*tbe Donor iS right! S'.f?' S??" "'.PTM-said about ibiscrimmii w lib -—J J.; „Howmanybrethren Ibat ground againstgood of theBy Tolecraph.aaUnV ortdons for fr^J^i ffilfaJlfi:SC^f«enVe"tl^rnr„^'L«r»^ ?»the character of itsofficial Btationof the Mayor t» appoint such tee in accordance with usage.feels that danaerV ar^ V.i;'"''-, Every man seesdlsoollutuiufSlin Ii.s nB*ot TMiv i^P^.l'^.fg.over us, andany other body. He did ncjt Uiink the .vTecs^sre.l.s. si,gh.t-...,^-il-it^b—t.,had been bus-theyquestionaadse. and to Steamer jDasaenKera""'^' and are States,particeptS--l—avery?noVs^'d'a^*' iblagsaaao.surelytheconntryi^ccaMn)1',v,?^°"•?,'*Bremttnie,lasteienlng,and PuSBT wereaaioatonthest^.polnt^hlcch^ '"''andth« Mayor said he.."M.M.U, InU twhiilse mluaatvticerj. W..hue^nu '"boSTO-N St."a-A?ffJirk,~ Hr"„<-cannot: edaily look ukS " "«"it «, .{„°*S!'P»- Theon Mars Hill, in the midst of idolatry, did Orleans; Modeaa, Bxder, Chiriesloncharge the Armenians with being robbers and mur- Gorhsa. Metsina: Harrest, Hammond, Stasansb;derers ? No. He than re- Brhr.them. complimented them rather ago. BWamal.eArU.eano,zMCaayr.eOtb.arlestaa. Beloir. kriirlaati-«nDi^ATB or a\ Nono Mnrsv ov raw Sab.—oOnB the P«pPa«- lo to Serve-tS^^tSsiSurssd^lFS"Bbast,Esq.,a,idformerlyknownwaaMssberaf cepted,andIbeCommitteewasTheChocuwMlsslDncbuichesabout 20 slaveboidcis and aUty slaves.;""'»'• *^'»"*^'ISifcr'dteSlJ^*"'BATaNIMB,Jaa. M—The screw.steaauhlpHaala-ville, of (>omweU's Line, from Kew-Tork, arr. aa Baa^ day aftsneaa, Jan. I.at thischangekveryhad no commnnlcatlon to make.Supervisor KzansT—He wanted tir bare nothingat a in in a reaohitlon meeting Brooklyn,which heJo.c^^ "f",? I..returned in a in tii£ lesoluiiuns uf the Board of Foreign Missions in Pt°a"iu«ll's't.'oLo'd^f'i,';i'^ frpmhim 8Sfvt»OQ.S., Marate*a-s.,»m <! MM*lM|i««HM«stttetMertOBlf ••niHMSl«Tc«eW««terl*l,latba (MtTOaioiHUtSoBSliepa^ la aanaart af tbe si^««a- tk«»f the appedrtineBtef a eoawtottoa. a praeedent IslatRfmDdia'tbeblstaTof oarMrsabte. •„u>e UaapiwlBtnieKtof tbe diaUagaUtaed Bsbjahu wat^ xnaIJiaa.wti«waaeeBBlnloiied to visit tae Leg- IslatsreofSentb Carolina, atthe time of ttw cootro- veisy between tbat State and the Federsl Gurera-WMBBiSU-limiaFACTSAIDIIX08TR1110IB. wient. Tbe theUnionwasthetigr""r hSfiS,'nctqorsiioaed wcve riabt.ibeybeeaodtsftlb^: ibougbttbattbejQBCSLLAJROimt<nn aa CMef M•iMBOBwMlttel V rginU M ai arestfal p«l*d in (he 'i?^fo';rt.''o^e^r7/rs nowexistence ol'f Ible (•'orifllcl" doctiinr, announced and adrocaled oyATTEUPT.Patrolmen Cajji and HxaaxaT, of the Sixth Precinct the coDstltutionalliy of the law under wbleb the Com- Amrrlean Board was struullnc. He thought it would cing Slavery had been voted dowa,anThey conttraed « wtifi reference to these tilncs, ought to be resisted by tbe Slaveheldtng up in ibc middle of the floor, sind the doors were allmactalaary, '.»t))«eatag«o{lJbertT tooarseltesJtriMMn ebjeets, and, u might have been expected, States. The idea of permitting such a man to have well recui ed. Fire Marshal Baku was investigating«da«, hiRBODTdlirtnit s«cUon»-l«» bright were respected— mnptr<7 ""* '^""^ rtcognized—ruRSACE rEtnt.defect in a furnace flue occasioned a slight fireand brotherhood existed belereea thethe control and dlreotion of the Army and Navy of tbe United States, and the appointment of high judicial and exerutlve cfBcers, Postraatters included, cannot be enttrtained hy the South for a nMment.liiough' to refiection, and that tbe conservatism of that kcction may be aroused and stimnlatcd to imme- diateaction. Itwinrequirepromptanddecidedac- tion on their part, if mutual confidence sbi'l be re-the case jesterday. DxncnTEsubject was referred to the Committee on Civil Courts.Supervisors I'wrxi) and Kes5i9T were appointed aCommlttre to superintend the fit'jng up of the Super-visnis' forChamber the Coan of Appeals, If tbatI •rupii Missions. [Applause.]Mr. Finatasui suited that the friends of the Ameri-can Board had started tots quesUoo wim the design o_ crowding out the American Home Missionary So- ciety.and order preraltod-justlca the rights of peraons aad and each State wai to regulate lU doneatlc iDitltutioas wtth- «t ialerfereace from eltlsena of Uie other Statoa. C^Mnlce and fraternal afTectlon existed belyeenA In theam ikd have ever a friend to tbe now, been,No. 183Jj o'clock yesterday morning.Court shall accept the use of theSupervisors Pcebt and Blditt were aopolnted aIUnion of tbe States, i appreciate Its value, ardent- ly dedre Its preiervatlon, and would not rashly hazard its existence. 1 itare moeented these views in the earnest hope that the Northern mind may bedwellingapanment.Tkia hippy coadltiOD of IMaga eon tinned for manyyaarf, and was Intempted only by the interference of vived, shd distrust ana suspicion shall be banished dled Jane Jackson out of her trunk, which contidnedcoBiliiuedhe, "low you are begglnj for dear Ufe."•MxMS of tke Nortbem Stales, with the lights and in- alHntloBS of the Soutbtra. But Tor tke «w which haskc<» •• |iencT«iiDgfy aragad against the InsUtutlon of «aaBestteslarery,asitexistsamongus,aninttltationad tke tiea of fraternal feeUog and affection wouldfrom us. - wise, and considerate au^ongst prudentcuuice niav rave the Union in this hour of Ium peril.Siatlon-houte yesterday, charged with having swin- aboutsixtydollarsworihofclothing. DirectedbyBATE $250 A TEAK rOB CAKBIAOE HUB ABD [Laughter and applause 1Mr. lUiniaT BiaxDiot lelated his version of tbe ori-,.nevtitbelesa yotu duty to placethey hare no right to iatermeddle, wetbe State in such a gowhere the should t)e Installed as laundress, cook andTo Ibis enii I am to do all that honor, duty wentasitnatloo,allegedilnpersuaded•xneac e d, and lo otfeDsively persisted In, has produced this coimection 1 suggest that munitions of war be pro- hao Ictt in his charge. She took the matterhad no fear ot dangerundoubted right to say where tbe and purchase erf slave labor by tne mhWaiti^ go. [applause] They bad beard fuUy me this eomphcity with Slavery ! Tbey eraa wmtllt''Ceofederacy. This winton Interference thus oom- mend a earelul levlslon of the militia and in laws;chorch membersltip.''Lttue had l>een saf system '' fka jaewait alarming erltls, and has brought the Union cured, and provision made for tbe organization of anand inserted in the another adver- papersthe Institutions was granted, with the suggestion tbat it would be well to inquire wbat becomes of tbe old blankets.l>y go; but it could notdefendedasinevitab'e" Tbeapologyaay where individual money coDdltit>n of the slave was made no worse.•f tbe States to the Tcrge of destruction.The Northern people now insist that there must t>e m* mote Blare Territory, no more Slare States, and •at the FuglliTe Blare Iaw must be repealed, or so •ssenUally modified, as to render It Talueless for theefficient mlUiajy staff. It would be well, also, toin the law tbe number of aids to which the Governor is entitled.'and designate their rank. I cor- dially approve ibe bill herewith sent for the organiza- tion of a brigade of tninute-men, prepared by a gen- tleman remarkable for hisknowledge and experience.mend the Virginia Military Institute to yonr.fuvorsble cdniideration, aiMl that beiophicallytisement for a place, which fortunately secured her another visit from Mr. Smith. The Police were called and the oITender wastheir care. He stated that he had beenthis mode of saindling for a month, and thatshould»n of slaye pnperty.And, finally, I recoiti-altogether about (200. Tbe only excuse he offeredwas tbat he could not raise in other way money anywith wtuch to pay his bosird and washin? bills. Jus- tice CoanDu.! committed him to the Tombs to an-inches. The communication was referred.A commnnication was received from the Warden of the City Prison, giving Information of a namt>er of donations of books for tbe Prison Library, wliich ap-but he would rather see one action Stlhaavnery, the practical altresolutionsIntbeworld. TbefieldoftbeAmeri-c«n Board, asice from the work In ihewas Territories, abroad, where it eould not come In contact withBoard for teveial years, and tbe (jenUemen who now opposed Ihe taking up of tne collection made no dem- oi.Binition then.Atbe docnment, from whicn be qonted ia ISHL Mr. WooBTxa blnuelf had written tbe asotaaj«»u»B, Tennent, and perhaps other non slareholding t, tbe rngitire SlaTo Act has t>een practieallyaad efltetnally nullified and renderedThe Hasaaehusetta act daclares that the writ ofsphere of its ueelnlaass.By your legislation encourage a spirit of independ-baTa these and all reasonablefor tlieir ser-and ttie EespectfulUr,North. This was not the time lo cut tbem off, when Slave State too. because the Missionaries ofviees as attcniey and counsel in the ease theperand tbe contracts fortheygivenfavor of freedom."I Treasnierpaid byA confederate of tbeA KEW-TOBKER-ABBOAD.•American Board had tailed to teacfa the III'and the act also prohibits theirm«, or other places of confinement, from being I far tbe iBprlsonment of persons claimeU as fii^i-succeeded inprisoner escaping.dred pounds, were confirmedof msto at<end to him ? VVouId it not the possibility of nurturing another Slave IstreTyj•f a trial by Jury—;theyits disaster.tetta-;jails,part-It was to buy and sell women aad wiong•r ber master or mistress, or wbo shallbcaught, or be involuntarily, or In any other way, inHisaas. Eanoiisabout closing, and for the last t'me I will write to youISG COMMITTEES APPOUITXD—THX CLAIM OPforcarriagehire, wines,liquorsandcigarsthe State, shall be free ;Kledgedtot>»^ ittyedinan Impossibility in dischargiug the Cherokee Missioa. fjinn Christ alresh ?womenand[Applause.]anddenouncespenon wtto thall hold tbe fugitive as a slave, the;selling men,liquors and cigars." on the ground that they could Mr. TArPAR—1 only said they thought it was an im- Mr. SpxBctB claimed to be a eonset vallie"flict" between free and slave labor, wbicb under theirwith tbe itjndest and mostIt may be tbat the Legislature will take a recess tomret again in There are two reasons which May.strongly urge this courf e to the members. The bosl-nrfs of the wi'l be left unfinished when we counirybeen for a time—and it was not known offi- given Ion*;Churctitomakeacause. But he was more convinced than ever tbat thethatBoardwasPro-Slavery. Tkeirer-TbCT maintain the docfrijieof anIrrepressib'e con-grateful feelings.cially who ordered them.Governor Ouvsa said a resolution had beendenunciation of any one without•aaebtnas, tias produced its first first fruits in the shed- dina of Virginia blood, upon our own oil. Tae friends ftiia kind of legislation, and the suoporrers of these BilacbievoQs doctrines, wield tbepassed before, making it wrung for members to order wines,had heard Brother HtiTcami-oK's speeih. It was admitted that tbey tiadtoo violent course which might uproot the good an destroying the eviL [Ap-•In Massachusetts, Wis-chargesprosperityhappiness of ber people.JOHN LETCHER.hadSupiosean iuclvioual man had cut offrevisedThe act of Vermont declaresanything. [Laughter.] Hon. Tuiosoaa FasLiiieHtiTsi!! andAmerican Board. the Board bad Althoughl£Se, page «12 )-tfcaino person within tbe Sute shall be coasMered aa wn^rty, or snbject as aacb to sale, purchase or de-CITY GOTJBRKMJBNT. BOARD OF SUPERVISORS.prepareing the government of the Almshouse Department— mont. Why, notmdy could be elected tJoveraor ofall over the world, it should mt flISoosdustenance of American Ifiliat the fugitive slave may have the benefitbutaretbe act to be reported to the Board at a special meet- ing.A resolution was to the effect that all offered,ILOWSE, of New-Jeisey; Gov. FiisBAsKs, of Ver- Veimont unless he was an Anti-Slavery man. [Ao-its members that would tie Imprisoned,dawa,a^that who have every person maybeen held as a slave, who shiili come, or be brouRht. «r be in tlie State, wWi or without the consent of hiseminentlyworthyofconsiderationCoLuirBii, 8. C, Sunday, Dec. 18, 1859.The tcsslon of oiu Legislature isOKOAKIZAtlON FOE 1860—StJPEXTISOR 8TX*A«Tp'ause.]chanceforSlaveiy. If tbe Ameiican Board did not mend its ways, he "would go for culling off the collection. Were they to cut off the cuiieetion bejause theThat would not be itscome,or be:nights disoL ~exceedingactive experience inaffairs andex-Statutes,ablest and most Infiuentioi members of the South Carolina Legislature. The sentiments which It ex- presses differ very widely from those which generally reach us from that section of the Uniondoaain tesiif>ir'g to Ihe truth, wereSUtvoebrey.burnedthis CbBnAspecifyaignmenis In ttvor of tbe oIT of cuttingurge liberaTapprODriations made for enlarging the building and extending tbediscfptinvy ^swer a kairnctfUMmaybetasuedbyeitheroftheirCourts, turesandthemechanicarts all modes. HermanSinger,aGermanlad,wasapprehended,"any Justice af the peace," in term time Tacatloa, and upon the return of such writ, tbe JkgitiTe alave may aemand a trial by jury, and if the Jary skall disagree, the Issue may be sutmiltted toby legitimate•«d eren byyesterday, as he was running off with a watch, worth $40, which Mr. Charles Henry Schadt averred had ju^t bcFn snatched from his pocket. Singer was taken before Justice Bsxikak, to nhoia he admitted that he had taken the property, but persistently denied intention of steallag It.aggresire Christianity, and bad denooaced 'amy, and relused lo receive convertsloe«, Inthe south of Africa, who had atore I wife. But polygamy was not a national qi like Slavery at home. The American Board sponsible lor teaching the Indians tbatbuy tbeir laborers and still sit at the comaiaaAoa and be recommended to tbe Board a Christian men. That made Ihe BoardrnaKker jaiy,or con'lnued to the nextto proposing ex-amoagtbeyat thedis- tbat no confessions, admiss onsThe laws of tbe State shall beany Tne prisoner was held forMr. BxsiBiCT- made no Tbeydistinct propositions.inoperative.chargelarceny.Americanence among the peoplefoster direct trade, manufac-pearsrapidly increasing.A Vuici—•• Which r"way [Laughter.];Chir internal improvements should be pushed forwardto as as the means of the State completion rapidlywill warrant, as aids to direct trade and State inde- pendence.executed,term,«rdeelarationsoftheallegedfugitiveagainsthimself hfrhonorFcrupolouflyguardedandprotected. My trialandthewatchrestoredtoMr.Schadtltatlea of toe CourtfaithfullyNow, the sctiun of the American Board with oiilyicference to Slavery has been the cutting off of tbe ChoctawMission,whichwasaconcessiontothe:herrights defended,her institutions ana maintained,'•kaa l>e given on trial; that the Governor by and only object is ro to discharge my dutv as to secure the with the advice and consent of the Counr.Ilshaii ap- confidence and win the respect and aoprobiUon ofbres, who are to pav all witnesses' exoenaeg, clerlu' fccs, aCeer8^ fees and other expenses, an1 they are toanaanexpressionofsarprisetbatr Daniel Ryan was detected, yesterday, as he was nication was referred,Mlnt commissioners to each county to defend fellow-citlEeDS of fugi- myI will be found hereafter, to cooperate In ail measures calculated to develop her unbounded resources and promote thaVirginia.ready,from the room of Mr. Robert a canyingaway Ellis,trunX containing clotblng ard otber Oificer property.Didway subsequently arrested Rvan. and Justice (JCACEiSBcsH committed him in default of $S00 bail.Tl)e Tcport in faver of awarding the contracts for fresh beef and mutton for the Institutions was re- ceived. Tbe contracts for mutton at $4 75 hun-;been taken, but It was a concession tothe AnU-Siavery sentiment of the Churches of theThere would be stkio sn applicatioo for fk»mission of Indian Territory as a StateA SENSIBLE AND SAGACIOUS LETTER FROM A SOUTHERN POLITICIAN.The Boston police, on Monday, succeeded in ar-mittee to readvertlse.A lesolution was adopted, making the Gardener atttie Almshouse also Gardener at the Workboase.A resolution was adopted directing tliat a Commit- tee of Three be appointed to an act remodel-ii not the time veryttra staves. (See Session Acts, i8U,act of 'Wisconsin Is even more stringent in Its pro-aMoBS for tne protectluo of fugitive slaves than Carolina Patritt, Is from M^or Paaxv, on? of the the safe. He was yesterday brought to this City, Ibe act of Hassachnsetta. (^be a dsmsge to him to break off fellowohip wiih bim ! Bible said, "Jf right rve oflimd As lor the Ameri~an it contained thypage92i.) TheBashasd Lxvt, a who robbed bis em- Jew,tbee,ptaakl£men. There wtis Kev. Gsoaos B. Chisvir—rawerThere was Judge Hoas-The following letter, which we find In the Soutbrestingployer of t70 In this City last week, y breaking openBoard, AnUSlaverv outandcastit fromthee." Tbatwastbea law linesfor It is firm and settled never my purposeMACSPEDOlt AKD BAEEB..Board before payment.Governor UuTia proposed to strike out "wines,Board did not what was aiikno performagainst anypenalty of Imprisonment for not less than one nor lature. I am done with politics, and shall devote the day, all the memlKrs present, except SupervisorThedefeat the execution of the law, within their limits. stitutncy than myself, and I now take leave of them ballot for a President.asore than fiftt-en yeaiarasd a fine nottboasand dollars. (See Session Acts, l&JS.pago 42.)In other of the non-Slaveholding States, (i(U am not citements has taught me its folly and bitierneis. Noit was considered outside thatamouth Church was acuriosity, [Laugbt^ aai igi- piause.] He thoueht it would be inexpadient ta aaa- sure the American Board, Nn man twliered tbat tte sentiment ofrors bad been of the bead, and not of the heart. He thought that Christ was conservative, aad that he would censure rabid oragain to occupy a seat in either branch of the Legis-Board of Bupervisors met at 3 P. M. yeater- CoKsza.remainder of ray life to my profession.not be ordered by members legally.All Governor Saim asked was that members shouldDeacon Farsiso thought that it Would injure the, <»nserrattie lallr-ttvoon mo- listaken,) limiiar legislation has been etnploved to one lias ever had a more confidlog and devoted con- tion of Supervisor Twain, and the Board proceeded lopublicpoliticalSupenisor Poanr was called to thelength, defending the American Boird. and ur^ng the Caurcb not toThere are five or six hundred matters im- portant iothe country tmdisposed of, and our Fede- ral relations the reas-adjourn.eonunlttee to conduct the PresidentSupervisor SixwAat, before taking the Chair, ad-Ibey had representatives In these days, uulerbxA tocutoff the ears of the Cnristoffender, had said, "Pott andintheRouseofRepresentativesmoretliaaone candorandfrankness^Imusztaj/,kowroer,thatIdo GiKTUiixN accepting position yoarpre-for wines, liquors andbe received orhandled, all eli cted by the voters of not behrve anytking terioua will grow mU ofvurpreatnt siding officer, to which I have been elected by your the Board." nonslaveboidingmaterial manner, olkerwite than it hot beenterrttory was acquired, and Territorial (3ovenunenU Hxtyueart' The policy of such an Administration dinary degree.collection for them." if Eon, Oapt. Uerrunan,hittoryfartke Uutboth executive andThis Board, I heUeve, gentlemen, has, since its or-Dtisaleaa—Tbea.Kree«Slave—FreeandSUve they Slates were adtalnedcautiontewardstheSouth.The Legislattue has passed resolutions In theunoer the Actofduties {and noae others) Imposed on It by tbe Consti-how would that work? Tbe trainwhen Ihev cut themselves loose trom the Amen-' BBanaa.... latj SoassU.... « BiMaaaMti...llna, in our nullification contest, was toasaaHtion has not been entirely undermined, it is so Carolina from fighting and tell her that her wounded lative pow ers and acted on the same. Tbe differencepeople. If thiskeepSouth1857, possessed the samegeneral,executive andlegis-helped it, theypaUcy tlut shall govern their future action. I greatly Is a° great measure and a great victory, after eight placed In a Board composed of memt>ers elected by follows '* :give bim a few hundred dollars a year to helo htm do Matt a Co.Jonathan M.;, Cr-bb Cardanas, C. B, Ft«^shaU find «3,«03 67. maliii:g a total during that period of »)«4.-Let us continue to fulfillposed upon us. We have still the pukllc confidence, and so long as we endeavor to lighten tke burdens of taxation by a just economy in the expenditure of the public moneys, and secure to the people a wholesomea vote of 54 to 70.gurate any good that had not in it some evil, theySteaiurr New-London. Bailtb, NeW'fWbawiat 'iMala;epaoTttaa.AK CXFLOnOR W SA8.Tke rjxs^^Mredttey •»»*and patriotism eniolnevpon me. Flushing, ard tocceeded In an effectingground rlioiydid not allow dares or slave tUUitmi Jm.' either Association bad attempted TasAT, the SecreUry, bad aald tbe **ta<oeaea aflv-lociowd the other, ino American ABsociation nad missions wastried much lessened by tlia ezlstnoe ttt^to ciowd out the Aroeiican Board. He did not eiy ;" that the misdonarien did not I'lfinlss aaF tbmk either had a "engagement Wbether the Union shall survive or perish. It is with her to meet him at the boat to to bis home,sememiiUke. Ifwith whicharanid lieTe continued to lire harmenlously together, condition that she will be prepared at all times, and chamt>ermaid. Jane ol theupon the shortest notice, to protect her honor, defend her rights, and maintain her institutions aeainst alt assaults of her enemies. With this view,! recom-engagement,who to lake an urgent message for him to acquaintance. While sne was gone ber employer decamped with the property which shephilo-parly desire to crowd. Those who flursce against Slavery ;" that tbe auarioBlrif^Shortly after b o'clock, yestenlay<l*d•JS*** brvtd •*«i» daiacrt^t.fre the bellding Ne. aaa Seveatb avenue, oo- copled by Jaasa Cossiu.T, dealer In old Cow barrels. Ii Lrlginated In an eiplosloa of gas, by wfaleb tbe•gable-end of the building was forcedr. "TanAa loaawonU be an oawisa bklaf.oppose ii. Discord woald be broagM into (ha t-_outandthrown *'*"'' occapled by blaekamltb. The building was eoii.pieiely demolished. Mrs. Cfla«au.THebal and woaldbe Dianyganization1857, performed all thewas MS.SrpPOSED ISCESDIARTduring intelligence, military tbat time he had defrauded about forty girls, clearingof tbe Female Almshouse, stating that the bulldlDg Isa bly:——ELECTED PRESIDEST ni8 SPEECH THE STAKO-[Applause.]tnuh would benot be bid," and ahat would oe saidshown tbat this Church had for threethe question of Btrlklag bands with the mea lAo b^Thirty years'poscibility.Mr. BiMHicT continued at someof constructiveIHETT or A WATCH.Slavery. No action could beshowing complhity wiih .Slavery. TnisKEPLESISBISG HIB WASOSOBE.per-haps not the best course that could have for the existence of Slavery in the CherokeeChair,Supervisor Twiin nominated Supervisor W. R, Stxwait, and that gentleman was elected by the fol-have the bills for wines, liquors and cigars ordereo bythem put down to tbeir own account, and not to his. injure the cause oi Missions by condemning it.lowing roleSupervisors were appointed aany.Blasi, 1. Bitrsi and RocheStswam, 10;immediately consignedsnd slated that it wasa disciplinable offence. Toe facta were tke:Mr. RoEiET BzxsDicT read the law, stating thatthe ion, afford to stand nn the conservati vemissionaries were made Ibe ezclii»ive groond of auk jud^jeaoftne portii'gtheAmericanBoardofCommifislanersHrIn tbe ofcigarspaidby'aslBalpiac-^ that was to be carried out in the cutting im tt ^m'^''^Smith,niovtd to exclude the American Board were no douotnot conskered slavi-holding as inoonaiBfisat ~to following upsup- A communication was received from the Warden plies fiom the American Board, and, doubtless,far as to defend the separation of chlldraa frias Ihilliqualifications of memners. He thougnt tbat was,BtaJlea, and all Indorsing and approving these obnox- excitement, neiifter dtrunioHy ttvit tfor, nor danger to partiality and confidence, I desire to extend to you Governor Dtoao thought It was mean to propose with the instructions to the missionaries, doing A gentleman wbo azmouuced bis name as Mr.tans doctrines and measures. A few years aro this Slavery. 1 have confidence in the good sense of the my sincere thanks, not only for the honor you have such a resolution, if his services were not worth enough for anii-slavery.DiBEix, though not a member of the was (Hiorcb,party waa very small In each branch ol Congress, aa4 we were assured that they represented a dompar- atirely small number of fanatics, with whom tbeAmerican and bad and infamous as has been people,ble rentjments promulgated by the fanatics of the North become tae settled public opinion of that sec- tion, it would be dishonorable and dishonoring to con-thus conferred on me, but for the with unaniaiitywbat they cost for carriags-hlre, wines, liquors, aadMr. FA«Ki>a reiterated his belief tbat should be made a disciplinary oflence.slaveholdinghere allowed to speak.Mr. DinoLX proceeded at some leogtbto state bia ^5'-^ 'grrat Cody of the Northern had no peopleand he thought tbe coutri'iutionssympathy,good,Hadnt the American Board done in tbe mala f rightthe conduct of the non-slaveholding States, I do not believe they arc so lost to their interests as to desire a separation of tbe Union, or attempt the destructionwliicb you have been pleased to manifest your choice. I'the Union jm fom. The Constitution wastoaed iilrly and jusUy aeeordtng to iu terms and Bouse lo send a Commissioner to Virginia to expre«« tution and laws of the State. It possesses and exer- Church, having luider dIscussioQ tbe queiUon as to can Board, they prevented themselves from do- Bisa waixa—Tan aai.kSD was steady aad unparalleled. VVhen tbe North- mififiiou rather in bad tafcte and Quixotic. The Vir- tbe other Boards of Supervlsois in tbe severe! coun- aia construction began to prevail, strife arose, bitter ginia Legislature Is in session, and will defend her ties of the State.deicnce. He believed in staying in the Union, aud In Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions shall remedying the evils in it mther than going our. [Pro-MARINE INTELLIGENCE.irKTr-TORK....TrESDAT. Jan. laaselings were engendered, crimination and recrimina-honor and interests without the advice of Sooth Caro-of the reso-These powers are, to a certain extent, I admit, ex-be continued, took place last evening, the large lec-longed aiiplau^e.J Tbe fire-eaters ol the .Soll'h saidfollowed«m that the tin of; Mltaeisaod have beenpassage neighbor goinglegislative.and now we findsevered, mutual distrust haslina. 1 said to the House, on thaecotive as well aswould leave the if ^uld Utcy Un:ou, theynot,nave' proposed scemel Hit' tiiai. 'i'ljere would oc no us*' In saying that tney BaensaMthered by bitter s<'ctlonal hatred, tbat now must resent It and fight. Very likely this otEcious Supervisors of Counties tiave always exerclstid such Mr. H. C. BowzN. the Chairman, stated the objects would have tothing to do wiih the Arneric-au Board.ture room being quiie filled. awxeaded. and the kindly feelings of atTectien have man and telling liim bis honor was wounded, aad he Government, but not In County Government. The commenced with prayer.The proceedings werelutions, that It was like aMda fair to outlive tbe existence of the-Uaion. Tae nelghljor might find faimael/ kicked out of the bouse. bowers to a greater or lessde^ree, and even the Board of theIheir own and tbe way,aaiy MmdaUon upon wMch the Govemmeut can restBarkb Keiiideer. Laa!»la. Bartwdos, H.iB seeorlty is the affection of thepriorthe best of hisSons Nord America. (Brem.,1to aThe CommisBioners sent by Virginia to South Ciiro-maybe an unusualIngentis-practiceMunicipal CityplanThisof Supervisors, under the old organization,hereUio Tl.ey ought to help tbe Board and push them up todo w hal Uti-y coulj do, and whnt they ought lo do. Ifhe and Brother Tafpa.n could haveAfter some discussion, and a vaiiety of tlalemcuts would piubablyputa stop to paying the salaiies to Chuich;jnear9 ccne.tfaat It becomes tiie conservative 4>atriota honor did not require such a course. now 1^, that Instead of those powers being exercised as to what constituted the pending question, tbe Ihe missionaries—small as it was. But suppose be TFllKneCo, "at tbe nation to unite and determine upen a llae of The separate (Tonrt of Appeals Is established. This by the Mayor, Recorder and Aldermen, ikey are records were produced, and the Chairman decided as had a drunken clerk, would be ne4 have aright to SchrB. W. A. Ellis. KIchoIs, Cb*r)«(tsn, MeOmdatoTrovbridSs Bripi A. R. Roberts, Culson, AsplnwaU, Peek m-The amendment seems to be before us forapoB tbe Nortbem mind tbat it is almost iwcoesible O'NsAii. wUI be Chief Justice. Odixih, WAEDi.iW fining the Aldrimen to their duties as members of consideration, that the collection for Home Missions [Ai'plause.] Didn't the world know that Plymouth Uranlle State, Ballet, B«ton, 8. W. Lewis : See. Bar*ar.b»weTer, that the disease has takea«ach hold years' hard fighting In the Legislature. Jun.'^a the people only for those particular duties—thas con-right ? If that was a sin, he would do it any way. sonVm. Hone, Soott, Philadelphia, J W. MeKeer•— to eradicate it.^^JoHXtioa are $p*li en of as Associates. The busi- the Common Council and the City Government the ;be to the American Home paid;ley, Rogers, Charleston, u. C Munay lia, Bsaisa, Dayton it Sprague.-IiabeUa, Ftiak—iMissionary Society, Church was Anti-Slavery ? Certainly; and it could and that two collections for Foreign Missions shall gain nothing by trying to make a testimony on this «wlls Incident to a dbssilation of the Union proml- lieved in some measure, and oar appeals better con- The change has so far worked well. It has resulted be taken up during the month of October, the pro- question. He didn't believe la giving the bbelbrenIn this deplorable condltiaii of things, with all tha aaaOy btfote us, tbe Inquiry prssents itsaif—tvhat canness of the country will be dispatched, the Judges re- 8<ipei visors to those of the County Government. sidered. in a »eparBtion of City and cotinty accounts, whichB. r. p.ceeds of one of which shallALU-Slavery for every dish—brealtlast, dinner aadAfiltea« •"I -4ThaI have not time to speak further of our leglslatlan. before were frequently complicated andbe paid to the American supper. They would get sick of iband Staasssblp Chesapeake, Crowell.Fartlaad, with aidae» aad paasenirers to H. B. Crosvell ft Co. Jan. 8, at $aadavert tbeataaot settle thit qnestlaoaC o<»n«troeUo«,4)ec»tiseMis apt raepgnixedoy tbe parties as an arbiter. This*•••«» hat too palpably manifested In the utter n-p«dlaMeBoftbeDTSd8eottdaeUlon,bytbe KepBhli-caa party.^nteonly2^1*??" *" ""• ""^r tlu CartMUtutum, is provided twelve par cent, per annum, ealcolated from tbe 1st adopted by ttUs Board establisbinf a Bureau for for Foreign Missions.iaiUiTt£h.ei^.Vl^''lhH'"f*,(- Sumiacn a CoDveattoa of of last September, will be required on taxes now re- county expenses. Considerable discussion next ensued on a proposi- it was necessary now to convince the world that Ply- • P. M., with mdie. and iwsMngers Co Harsroos b Co7Slates, th^t a full and tree conference m»y be I may add, gentleman, that no additional number of tion to aojijurn iu arconianca with an expressed wish mouth Church was Anti-Slavery. If tbat wasn't yteamsiiip Thomas Swann, liamBey, Baltloiete^a^-•«5«todangarfSapresu Courtconfused, tbe City expensej being thee often paid from county appropriations, and the county from the City appro-Missionary Association, Foreign Department, and tbs[Laughter1 Imode, therefore, ofremedylnatbe evilTax Bscxipts.—Until the 1st of next June,lection was to t>e divided between the two Societies,and Ihe misundcisiiiuding about tbat was tbe originof llie whole matter. Mr. Baxciixa didn't believe that Steamship Quaker City, ticbnfeldt, Baraaa Jaa. S, atattettaBaadcomparlsanof eplnione,•bat tke differences between the eUvekaUinif aadaoa-ite«A«ldlBg States ara Irraoonctable, let themeonsidCTlheqDSStlon of a peaceable aaparation and tax Jcvy of lijio. including Croton arrears, is ** 139 administration of our County Government, we will of Ihe last arijourntoent, he was entitled to proceed good Chiistians in tbe South? If they were to wait to 8hlpHut«pur, Potter, Canton 112 dn.. with teas ke.If surgical ca.-e. Ueliriian tremena, howevor.supervened, ia tkia appUcauae. such failure or refawl will -by CoronerjO'Kain.Ainiui*JbnUiMaelnRre«itllencaofadetermioMionon Ibelrpaittakeepiip tbe agltatioo, and to continue %0mfmkm» «PP0 iisl If the Conrsntloa sfcalXSupesvisorBlcittmovedthataCommittee Bacon, pointed to wait on the Mayor and inform himerswast96. TheSocietyhadpublishedduringthe Missionswasruledout,bewouldn-jt toSlmMon,MavheaItlast jear 41.529,M0 pages or matter. They hatablished 153- -.-"* ""well known as a writer andaMet, OM tke qaeatlaii cannot he satisfactorily Mijust- serious accident on Monday evening. He hadmembers. There to B»hon fc Brosj. at New-Haven. Association. It appeared to bim that there were somewm fbniuh erldaoM eqoally eoselusire ofjtbeirtocommunication from hiaa. bad 313 free w1h btnrges, Cleaiasaa h Co. Experieoead a snceeastaa of mad, itaetermlinllna la dtber caent tbe people of thecome out ofway, wken an omnibus whicii was dasliing along at»v^.a Si.*!*.'''^ "If' '*"TM- •»* Tbraoaty. trompect In tbe future.arecklessuponhim, Jtnockedhimmade thattheAmerican Boardclearlyarbattbeylivingw-YorS. Jan.1.twoboxesJibofBodentaadate te ex-ourtes had not been extended t» ceipts y MayorTlemane,made wasinfavoroflor. (Applause.'" pbarna Mok Are ra deekn the weather bad aActed bis symp- aa.b»to«sslthV5tu«Scl'oof dilsSilmSi^'*''"?' ^'y toms unfavori'bly.few that mbintcs, reportingF»maadtea,m. The <;r<.ton arrears which have been paid inThe Chaiiuianannounced that as Mr.£. H. Rockv^ Delawara,CopM,PhlUdelDbia.withalaa.I^»9»2sumup»l,680~7e. Thetotalth^ possessionIIotcb-between tha Suicide.two sec- Bboaan,an-Irishman 40thev not haveIhiB V. M. bv Achilles. tu-uniagwill renderporter-year,lean Board of Foreign. Alisslous. Mr. Bebchbb was Tbe use of Missions was world of a Historycotian.hidet,to J.B.BrowerbCo.WUettdP puposed to be made lo Congress, in pur- frit^nds removed him to thedesign, and his New-York Hospital forelectedOn motion of Supervisor Pcanr. Ihe rules of the .K„.,i„. ,,,...«„ I,..! o* „i„. J •„ _..,._- (Dutch,) Menedjke, LIsbia Mda. wMh.arazor. Hedidnot his accomplish-se of tbe provisions of the articls aforesaid.ido-sIaTebalding States shall faU or rel^ise to ana he died on Monday night. An inquest was heldthought pretext flimsy. ton, »c., to Hennlnss * e»Ut>c. read a stjmmary of tbe proceedings of the Board, cbristiaaliy. He thought it des|.icabie to wrangle Brig Ceies,showinr that tney had 26 mi.siions and 17u mission- ^[,pm ^of the present aries. The total nuniber of workers sent from this more for the Missions, whichever way it was giv- enrcd heavy gales lion W.wr^JJecklim Dkiviho.—Dr. D. Fkasciabe ap- thatForeign give1 es- one cent towaids sustainiog the Home Misiionary BrigIcariuiJlii(bt,BaibadaeX>ds.,wltba^et^al'.t"a^.*.Thorp'sHole! and wascrossing Broad-Supervisor Pcanv opposed the motion. Such aDs5.iSlatfai 1?speed came(1Air. Fitzcxbalu said that his position had been nls-ri"* 5!fe iKfM. iT!?' clo^Uest, be oUeeted totbts stigga<U<*t. down, bruised his face very severely, and brake his uch attackacn this Board as had beenCluirch, in Tweoty-elghthstreet. near BToad««ay. by a discussion of ibe romance in tbe Ityee of Lotus Pamwiand Louis HiPOLtos. Rev. Ot, SoxTsta wiU give Ibe second lecttue of bisConne, at tbe Cooper lultttute.objection being that there was a ia Ihe rules provisiontestifying church, Uke the gronnd thatf><TWlU Baptistthat neitbf r a slave nor the cbiltf of a slave shoul i be Mayor Board. Its ramutas snowed taught In the schools. But he claimed that the mis-American Board of Commissionersfor ForeignHsAlA'B onlyaDo.«fhi/k"'."1^'¥"* currenty.esterdayoftheaeathof Mr. Boaiox was if such was ihe customuobjecUonscbargCB aealDst the American Boardana ait noJ'J*aeh*J.e_«ew5!eJnnt,arKl distant dav"' "w^i^.rWS"I^S"l'y'Themotionwasadopted,andSupervlson BitniTunder these laws, and sooner than enforceon, them, theyreceipts bo f»r, on the -iKso:<timetook the floor. until coulddo good they strike hands with those whoto have more were would perfectiy puie,r. Peril tm;.lecturer, met with a justthe Board was and organized,Churches, :^,SI5churcbready receive any were added during the year past 1.000 members. men whose occupatinu would be gone if it were not sSSJ; fififZJll*?? H'" 5«s ^ with iBdse. teo' Ma. Wm. *!. Bijmioif.--91ie rumor Supervisor Kjukut wotUd withdraw hlaaffected It. A resolution was the mts- by adopted by». * FORT LaFAYK'TTE, Jan 10.He was still lirtef greatly i^iicedbut so thatbisdemisewasbowlyexpected. Theydepartedontheireiscled Clerk of the Board;bad beard the .\merican and BoardThey long> speeches against Mission, one member oi Uie in Richmond ?BarkSergeant-at-Arms and Messenger.Board of 1859 were Beard.adoptedas the rulesfc.cST^and should -not t)e extended to a man wbo hadthrew thsm orartoard.Slavery, and the suspension of the representid. Tbe radical .\nti-S)avery men bad been a. ?<^-,''aiy X. PaiBcrle, Gaaton, Washiagroa. N. O^ iappointtbat It was customary.Supervisor BiiniTsaidit made no difference what theMr.re- Henry .Mathews was re-perhaps justified iivtne course he bad taken, but theChurch was not informed on thepraperly question.good. Should they refuse lo help the American Board be- cause theic w ere a few slaveholders In the Choctaw,.^'',''.?'V"°'*-1^8l»' ''•"•'• Campeaeb. Max., Daa. It, wita ligwood and ,pepper U Yates SrottntSSL Lett no American vessels. TM'unanimouslyCrn. Ureen, Atvell, 6alT"es"t^onada..wlih ^. Board,andhewishedtospeakontbeotherside. He He tbe was Itsavoredofun- "*•"^^transactions. It was due to theCommit- repeal.proached The ipeaker believed that Southern-tSaMbiaisnalioii, n,artt' o^f'.h^ bt°"*?'> JoBK D. late law of Jaaxa say yoo. yon right tLauiibter.] Ized to deal vilth Siaveir as wftb other moral ers did not think a sin. Was it the ^EWFOBT, Jan. ID,—Arr. sohrs. Segato.toI C'SlMsanesttha!"f -o T.tbe New-Vork Bar. died on Monday aight af paialy- Bis. Bis decease w&i suitably noticed la >ee«rsl of the Courts jesterday.qoeetions. to do them good a club and to beat bytaking tryingdisdiargi^d. Buperriaor KaaaxnT tfaongbt the report ,Aonhl benoweontaioed only tbem into virtue T He hoped tbe American Boardeatered at lenatb on tbe mlnntes. J^npervlMr rcxsi said it would befonaerorTbeBisslonarieiyrould gladlyd»awaywithcharged Silvery.raspoastblUty^toThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069atrocities of tbeUntitled Documentexpe.uslveSbtveryITbe teeaaafoUewsAnnual Ibxse—Ml Kennedy.Crnl Courte—Messrs. Bell. Blunt.Criminal Couru and PoUee—ltei Davis and Roche.sleaa. they«a«T,ahbaapraventel from giviax aasMtoMts»>oes. Tbe Cbarcbbad aadoagbttoesBtiBaeso. He ofbrotbetCeaiaaeanledtt>etrueideatffiMThe bells rang an alarm lor Ibe Fiftb District yes- Esq., City Chamberlain, in reply to a resolntioo of in- partly, the missionaries oegtai to bave sane remooer- direct complicity wlih Slavery. The"*" a,LkOe, Pardy,a inostliapwhSiBice,lnbringtogabou! "'tt«>^"' J^f weie reveYTly burnt. The damate to tbe ibu^i^l-di^ntg Pri«<iiig and 5ta(>oiu9T—Messrs. Bell, Wela- Mr. HuTCHiMoa ramtlBBed—He knew these mis- eontse for PlJDoatb CburcU,t'i oursur.aad tbe action ef Virginia e»'ted ImpaiiM, , aand a man and womanwas abo»tt $31)0. Sold lo be insured.CtruHiy ilficet—iiemt. Tweed, UOte, BriMfi Wclsmann.«ktri'{1J^s^-n^\^;ri.'rv^^^^««^^-i^Btlggs.r.lained tbe avserllon tbat tbere^hedapointw^^^^atirn for ihelr srrvlcea ta He andBoard was a elose diffeveat fi eorpnrai'oB.employed on the premisesmumanaA communtcation was receired from A. T. Stoat,sloniirieihad served the BoardfaUbfolly, that Uie missions bad been aoaadoeed byTnioBoaxTiuoanexttook toefloor,wai American Boardw^ve Sen'u%ecleddistrust and suspicion are to house, «o. 184 Avenue A. The was dam- mrmbers of the Board, on the certificate of the Com- was strong enougti, tlie American Board was sus- The ebaiter gave fUieen iwraben at aronilmie and if the electionbuUdlog toea^at of «300, and is Injured tbe missioners of Recerd, and that be had uken no meas- tained, cud last )earth» re was eootflbuted •30,821, neettne act for tbe wtnle aoatety. Mo _Presidencyin IWIO 1, to be super- added it is ufcUsa to attempt to eoiweal the fact that. In the rre<eDt temper of the Sondiern people. It oan- i.Pt be ard will not be submitted to. The '•irreprcs-?,"',? ll'o""'tor could bare a to4«> ia thetne occupants was damaged to the Insured.extent of ftio .not:fttods.Tdeclaration of waronioD, eatabllih justice, losuro domes- the instilution of Afiiran Slavery, wherever it exists, guished a fire in a rag-picker's in the tenement this condition a part of tbeir claim was paid to tnem holo support lo that Beard should prevail. It would acter of aa Antl-Slavery ctavmploB. ItWest Thlrty-fifth-street,Pallee Kcporta.AH OBieiNAL CORKIDt.VCE OFERATIOX.Samuel Smith, an Englishman, wbo has acted as coachman in several ol our respectable fami-aboutMr. BaHXBicT (not Roszar) s^d he was not in favorConimitlce to wait on the Mayor, and present him of Blether IIutcu.iibos's ideas, and If he had been the lawt-and that ieaf«o was beeaaaalies, was taken as aTHE BOARD OFC0KTBACT8 EOR BEIf AKD MDTTOlT^llUfBnie TOWends ol ihe American Board, and not tbe rabid Anu-Slaviry men, had started the discussion, and,tent of Slavery in the Choctaw Tertlloiy.Tbe missionaries bad Iha great .power orarkees, just as mocb as Dr. Limnieniai bad ia ing tbe whole Gospel, Aoti-'iiavny lad alL'taher sdverusi:ment forthat heBErRE!<BMEKT8.He slated that the A-nericanit Isprepared to the girl, represented himself as being fromkept herpariand when ibe arrived at the dock met Mr.prisoner to the Sixth PrecinctGOVERNORS.tbe amount tbem br paidrequestof amajorityof tbeBtiker t>ouud in themselvesthe sum of $35,000 to pros-ForeignmeeiingBhmt,and now tbe Board,andliquors cigars no'^ iwmiy church members who were slave-and, as that resolution had tohis knowledge, been violated, therefore he did not holders, and he didn't know now many slaves. It-'[Appplause] ''#i made the special order for Tuesday next. Lost. speaking. [Applause.] The more reporters the bet- "Governor Droio moved that each member be au- ter, [applauce]oease of SIsve States. They desire to confine Slave- But Soutb Carolina ought not to think of taking the countiesof the Slate are, under our Constitution and thorized to spend (250 a year for carriage ture, wines, A Voici—ITovided tbey report the Irutli. The had done. [.Applause.]jytotheStetesin which It now exists, and the sym- lead. Twice already has sh« attempted it, ana no Statutes, of a highly responsible nature, but the liquors, cigars, and other refreshments. He supposed Herald report of Ihe last meeting was a paipasie mis- TblegenUeman was cAlIed to order by the Chair,.aoBBon with them on these questions.conceded thatsured that, with a fiim determination on my part to pcrlorm those duties with mvbest judgment and the strictest impartiality, I could at all times rely on re-exceeded $500 a year, and he thought his services worth more then that.the gross grown. [Latigbter.]Mr. McKav here inquired whetber the Herald Re-'"^ He wanted to know where the Choctaw mlnnlnaarint' ~v$^It la and readilya largecheerfully perticn of the citizens of theGovernor Smith only desired to have tbe bills set and we ceiving your counsel, as well as obtain aid in the down to those who ordered themporter w as In Ihe room ?The Chalrmau said It made no differencewere educated ? ." —*Slates are lojal to the Constitution and the UnionTbut it isnon-slaveholdingtinue our politioal connection with them your ;;-jJthey Mr. TaTOJr said they wereVducited at tliaBot to he disguised, that a larger number are inJilfer- shpnid be prepared to meet every issue that may of order and the dispatch of the public Governor Tow5sa»D moved that tbe subject b:; wanieo ireeoom of reporting as well as freedom of the moie to their shame. Hotflt,'*•at to both, and would a prefercome. The Slaveholding States should meet in con- EruessienrevsastcioBmmitted to our charge.Mr. DiBDti proceeded lo say tbat he thoaght Mry' '*3dissolution of the Union to the extension of Slave Territory, or the In-vention and take united action;the sooner the better. The powers and du'ies ef Supervisors in all theTiuoR or anybody else would do as the missieaariespaiby manifested for Join Baows and his associates other State followed.vast interests involved in the busbiess appertadnlng tbe people were aware that the Governors were representation of the proceedings.and finally sat down, saying tbat from tbe spWleK>he doubted whether be sbooidhibiled, evsr *baQaaMJncilme^lvesreason to fear tbat they are not pre- fared to aid in putdng down attempts to interfere with the iiistltution, even in the States where it is laeognlzed and protected by law.My opinion ever has been- that tbe sole object of the North, In their crusade against Slavery, is to unite the nonslavcholdlng States, and toketke Federal Government out of the kandl of tke Soulk, ant enjtyto the Board of Supervisors for the City and County of New-York, increase greatly that responsibility with us.obliged to go upon tbe Islands often, and that it wasMr. McKay-Tbe Reporter has no right to t>e a —CantMAh— remtdy iiself.Chrisiianmanner will damage us. [Applause.] tunity lo come here and sustain the Board, bat tte ". Deacon CosnuG said he supposed they were agreed offer had not lieen accepted.with reference to Slavery, but to-nignt they were After some desultory debate, the meeting adjaataai^Governor Ouvta moved tbat tbe subject be referredj. This lamentable state of things, between tbe two its powert, MpoUs and ofxces. Beyond thii tkey kave no not say will demand a considerable portion of your lo the Committee on Supplies, to examine itnd rextoTt of anything that the Plymouth Church may say la a to the Secretary of the American Board tbe oppose •aactioDB of the country, has its origin in the construc- other puTfotr. Ever since the election of Mr. iirrsK- time, and require tbe ezerci.'>e of the greatest care. a proper resolution. The motion was lost, and Gov- Itim placed by the Northern people upon the Consti- B0!i,the Southern States have had the administration I am sure, however, that your time will be cheer- ernor DuGBo'B motion was ado|»ted by a vote of 6 to 4, tatlon of the United States. They construe it to the of the Government If the non-slavebolding States fully bestowed, snd your duties performed, so that and the Board adjourned.aiejudlce of the honor, rights and lostitutLona of Chn be united in their elections, a transfer of tbe Fed- wbiie the public Interests shall be judiciously caredI do not believe that if a Black Re- arrlniioa of Slavery from the Territories—the com- publlcau were elected President of the United States,will be incurred.dcmiung the American Board ? Ue not. It thoughtThe proper discharge of those various duties I neednot statements of personalfeeling. Theybadaltu aillooking at tbe question of getting rid of that evil. at about II A. M., after a session of three boaia aaA their Sontliem brethren. Tney Insist that the Constl- eral Government must follow with all its power and for, no unneccessary expenditure of the public money EXCITEMENT IN PLTMOUTH CHURCH. Would they get rid of it by passing a resoluuoa con- a-balf, to Monday evening next at 71f .tetion antliorizcs the adoption of measures fertile patronage. AndTOBproperty of aU the States—and they spare no with a majority in both Houses of Congress, that official, that under the construction this Board puts Dlacaasion ef tbe Qaestlea af Cettini; aOT tbe lution wiib a Miapi«r to it, *'that if the AmericanIt has been recently charged, however, by a highwould be a wiong principle of action to pass a reso-mortle ainrm their constructionCoMnss. In the earilerwereijrganlied', witboatlnqulring whether were would be, in all human probability, that of extremeJ»—•» lived in barmony, and our prot-perity as a our sympathy, and advtje with her. 1 think such a cises no other general powers than such as belong to whether the Church contributions to tbe American ing gooa to tbem. "The Board would take means of SaaOHeok. > 48| Oer. bUad is 37 1 BaBOata..,by oflegislation of tiie Government,combining legislative power to an extraor-it, Lswui, P AI' up tald, v. Salatal, S. Gouldlr.g W, W, Wilaot, M.thelit Federal Government would be in administered, onyon Its powers, it has become an institutionCeoinhn'tlons la ihe American Beard ofBoard did not abolishwould Lot takeSlaverythe CnnrcnFlymoutb K. M.Johns,net^ssary to hire carriagee that he made the motion.;and it was in that beliefecoundiel misrepresenting our protseedlags.a member of the Church.Mr. Bubs said they were willing tn bear facta, bat ?bat!beeninoftheflooratthe;no bfs thanplause] When tbe hot-hei-^ed of which m disciples,cigars, he thought tbe public had better do withoutam aware tbat I take upon mjself highly respon- him. He had ndden in i:arrlages, had drunk brandy Mr. Taxonoax Tilio-n bete yielded his right to speak conviction that the Amerl.-an Boardsible andmostdelicatedotics.andl might welibesitate ar.o water, smnkea cigars, and bod taken his friends for some member on the other side, saying he didn'taad wbo entertained no principles and doctrines in of our Southern iDtlitutlons. If, however, the horri- before entering on their discharge did I not feel as- on the Island, but tbe expense to the public had never want to take bis scythe to go a mowing uaitl he saw continued until the evil nveibaianced tbe rood. "5^'l"CoBiatlseioBers forDcelBlaa Paetpaaed.The adjourned Anbual Meeting of Plymouth Slavery,meeting, pending question, toClerk, recollection*k Frederick*, CbarlcsSoa*sionaries refused to obey this law, and deminded itslaw,- .WFercixaand in the absence of theClearaa. 18bip Isaac Bell. Johnson. Havre..other to the American Board of Commissioners forCITY INTELLIGENCE. priations. The confusion of tbese accounts has since Foreign Missions." This was the amendment to the as to the origm of Uie discussioru It appeared that out any as-istar>ce. She has rcctdved no damage, aa^lif.Sr""" "" R'Piasenutlves .f the people eleited m«ailog unpaid, \fler tbe time mentioned the Clerk olficers or further accommodations than are now of Mr. CxxcBZR to ix at the he notknown. It was too late to make it known. The ten- KorJolk, with mdse. to H. B. Cromwell* Co, dency of the dttiate appeared to be to create a mas- Kteamsbip Yorklown, Parrish, Norfolk irltb terly- inactivity with regard to missions In which the and pasien^-erB to Ludlais & FTeineken.*e this purpose, aad thus ascertain whether Ue ones- tlaasln-controversy eanool be settled upon some bastsbeing able to be present this evening. After several indeci-atertW to boUi satisfactoryof Arrears takes these unsettled accounts in charge.Since the 27th-«lt., the taxes la have amounted paidafforded, will be required f^r tliis Bureau fur many present vote, yeari.secUacs. 'u such aJS- to >1C0,378 42, the interest on which sum has been vaatecoahall. sssemble, and after Iree and fuU cen-Oteamer ^batiosa, Joaea, with falUifully the duties im- sive viva voce votes, the House refused to adjourn t»y Saviour was their pioneer. If they expected to inau- Isaac OdeU. Prvridenee,been avoided by their separadon. For this, credit is. no doubt, due to the promptness and care with which our present Comptrollerbas carried out the ordinanceebon Island, and the follow lig momlngfloated off with- motion that tbs Church would not uke a Mr. BxscHXB bad not been informed thatthe last col- will leave to-morrow ar ber ui-ual hour.original up collectlonfor the American Board uf CommissionersSteamship Florida. Crowell, Savannah, wlia Bdaa* and puscDircrii to .S. L. Ultchill k Son. Jan. la, 1 A.M_.Noand the course of the missionaries hsd not been.u .?'L*"F*P'*P*'*<*Westhfr.adiDsefog. .aiiempthad been.latrard baaad WaatlMrtiUt.slonaries that the schools could not be carried-.;<1845,be read, ihawing how vigorous was their eoademn^ tion of the Sfstem, and the missionaries were aatiior-:BcacHAiL'b,Esq., partaer OnmoUonofSupervisorLima,tberoportwasac- evils,not,howeVer,tomeddlewithpolitical slareboldlng way WIlBingten,N.C,forBoftos N.andP.BNoae of tbe of the latter bad been admitted sinee 1850.would not bewith aWas there one whotiMtr aad to daw. Tbej bad Vwea d«- *. aad alav^Mders bad left tbcli ebaiebes ,ali tiat uarp^. .XtMsa were tbe aienW wbcsejJei|feadke«aqaesilaaed., ananetd ia abolUtaam A taise ataad^tatbat tfee ailastnaarles tbooghtaqeeeHoaof'order.... TbeTbalrntedfbatA*speakerAonldproeeed.InBoston, where he the Anii-SUvery teedng thoughtA Vcici—Was tbat fbrUlssioos aloae tit bad been raid Itt^lastecute their claim under their contract with tbe Com- Mr. hnrraissaii replied tbat it was. They didn't tics could have tbetr say, and tttfmissioners of Record, amounting to $15,751 S7,so tntt Bilx up ihtiigi in Bestoo. It didn't look aa if tne voted down." Dr. Cbecsss's rasotaildiagainst Police, about & o'clock yestenlay maroing extin- missioners w ere appointed might be tested, aivi npoo- lesuh disastrously to ibe Cbucb If Ibe mo'lun to wlto- was tbe only member wbo bad Inao, eeter-talning tnoh seatimeuts, and advocatlne such doc- kindledliy Incendiary, as a olleof ragg was heapeding that. If a decision was rendered in their ( vor of the i4cSp»doaevidentlyon tee* Baker's) faver, the test of tbe claim should be paid would have a collection in some way. [applause] man bad given five eaats to tbe beadha, tbem, and If not, what was already paid them Bhould He would be one of len to give $i.Ot)0 each for the dollars to get it tu tlttm. CLauffaler.] Mr.with a ropy of the records of tlie Board for the last two years.The Board adjourned to Monday, 2H P. M.-at the last meetbig be would have opposed of (Slaves bad Mrar bifto pnetieed.' Ue icaJ an article from tbe ifissieeeryTheBoard of Governorspersons remaining In tbem, Jan. 7, to have been 8,148,an Increase of Ice aa compered with tbe report of tbepreviotis week. When the Board of Governors metthe first proposition was to draw for seats. It was actuated lieweekly report yesterday,to showed Ibe nuiaber offrom theInstitutions,tbeAmtriesa Board. Tney Board [AppUuse.]by pure motives,fmally settled that metnbers slmuld be seated as dur- to the Church v. hat^ver might be the "result. Tne into question "tbe justice of tbe " "ing 1659. A requisition for one bale of blankets for majuritythe produced. Possi- in dangerous condition, the tower having settled six tocl< ar as he would wish on the subject ofhadIbe money,collectedpointed out .wasreceived,andaresolutionofthankspassedto cbUTchbadtakenupacoUecUnnfortheAuierican Mr.TiLToacontinued. TbeBoarahadto bethe' dojrors.A communication was receivedcommunicationaoroadterminate Ihe rats infrom Governor Dtioao,to tbe effect that he had seen as many as sixty tats running about tbe Lunatic Asylum,ilriiBia—Thebrothertomistaken.Thel)een progressing.tlieInstitutions. Afteraremarkome of tbe In-mates legs hod not yet been eaten off, the commu- Anti-Slavery sentiment of the Cburchcs. Ic wasn small auvance inbeef were referred back, with directions to the Com- evil way 8, bad he not ought to be encoura«ea ? Was (Applause.) He wanted to stop agitation bybills ordered bv members of the Board should t>e presented to tbe"Aset on a wlien Itcliilldrai aOrders for win's, liquors and cigars were given—hadtoo if strong,- be'^ofbaldtbe Church, snouid PlyniuuihIf teporters misrepresent us. that rill We are not afraid that the reportingapplause.]Deacon Gaxbut wished to corrert Mr. FrrzaioAuio'clock P. U.. during a dt'hse fog. vent astnre On Raa-would have to wait tor the millenlum. Thewas narrowed down to the existence of the small Choctaw Mission. Were they to deny that there wereita disciplinary—In tteamtkio truster Citp^fiom Havana £. K,they told the North they would not help Bton, H. Denny, Miss £. Herring. them, save their souls, if they did not abollso.jijiji, ^ ,y^ rpf,^ Church wine, fruit. oufhttogfve ic,ST SaaSsaiapiaSrtS-to Lcountry was .109, and the total number of native labor- en. But If tbe American Board of ComoiisaiooerB for Brig Carujlne. NortAn, Mataaias Ifi da.' wIAThey schools andschools, 7,911 pupl!.«, and in for Slave rv. He didn't want to hear too much Anti-semlnaries.^over 8,000 pupils. Taelr re- Slavery all the time. There were other objects worth to?^ «'i2'»<«*^ •!".«*,.''«were Objections had beenGfaatH If yoa is left aim. He iscmediately returned to his hotel, made by the Choctaw Mission, while the allowance to the mis- charged w lib starting the discussion, and endeavorinir OS., vithpt tton aad naval stores to J. G. WiUiaiaa httatltlopkstodljnnloB. please, S^ITM,Ku*"*.*'..<'' disunloaImailnhntnow,aadlanew* •»* «<»»'>• tyyw here his injurlee received medical attention. The present Mayor. There were insinuations in his mes- sionaries was continued, was cited against tbem. It to oust the American B<iard. IfanybodywascbArge-Co.Sebr.A.J. De Rosset. Tucksr, Wllmlnatoa. K. C, •oa,, vitb naval store* and cotton to Jouaa Smith a Co. SAILED—Ship Barvesc Qneen, for Uvsrpool haACuba,(Brern.,)fordu.WIND—Daringahe day from 8. W., with a bsai j fegat sunset.~N'DS. Jan. 10, soaset.—WindHIGHLY Ugkt, 8.'W.>.1EiSSfh^- ^V^ *—&agitatedomnibus dri«er did not atop, and prot>ably cannot be ldentl£ed.IJCTCBEB To-UKJUT.—Bev. Mr. Cutlxx will"tuostrate the Ups and Dowas in LKe" at the Firstlicking the band that smote tbem, tmiess it was customary torightofSlavery,and because theallowance to them~so BioxLow said the simple point was, shall this:age that were not founded on fact. Supervisor KxaniDt did not believe in thuswas that chargedthese mlssiotiaries had 'taught theabii it was the Pro-Slavery men. [Lauabter.lj •I»f tbey could he called. [Laughter]theJMlsiions are accomplices with Slavery ! Are therto takemaile to enforce the that body, that has done more for the„ ^ANDT BOiiK. Jan. 10, sunset.—noworld than i.n" . Wind S. _[Afcfe«^ ^T.^-^^.^£i-J. appointedtowattupontbeMayor.wouldresigntheirpoeitions.Slaverywasdeosuoeed •— fe^SHEW--'"'^^^^^^'''^'^-^mission,for all the eonklsay Board bad not done tiie best It eouM aadcr tbetboogbi ibat tf the aaasBliaii Tliiaia ssaacarryFor himself, the (peai^er would aay tbattb«„had a direct with TMita compile^ Btararj.eeeded to show tbe records of tbe bythe Board wHta reaard to the educaUoii ersandslaves. Mr.HnrcafiasoabadomHtelreportCtdfe Board aa estimate tbat there ware iiaaili I Utttamt- Ilssionaiy Assoclatioa bad refused to accept tnetr In the Natloo. Tbe af •>ofthediscussion.hall of the collection on tbe that there was Cherokee Le«ts)ailoa tkathe reason whv tbe missionaries had lefAfricans. Be read from the annualparents,record of the American Boaid was not ment [Applanse.] Every missionary hadmore muBiy records would beHe didcharging this Church with complici:y w-itbtriaaip^ upheld. city lullBoat d was Pio- since be Slaverynot want to leave a shadow ofthe selling of chtidren was not aMr. UcTcniasoii remarked tbat all iDls oeeaitMlt48. Alltbathadbeencorrected. TbeBoartForeignMission.[Applan«e.]War £agle, Williams, Fhil.idelphia, rilaiiiH;passed sti:«a>«hip fvashville, bi. 8,;Impossltdataarinit—aadVi baddoiwancb ^mought to tie ^-.^ www.fultonhistory.com 