 drt3 •• '.U1'T^_ >«^».»'?•/. OiTf»! NEW BOOitS. AFROMDrawings by DsrUy.• *y^'*»»' •'^ TtotMHtd aflelils, aad then eliioi, at for Galway. 8h« wu detained by thick weather.There ht* beea oeaaelcaa rain liete aln^ the Mh Inst.EFFECTS OK TDG LITE GiLE. Iam. I oounot let )oa, for one moment, think that I bate e»tr carriad out or wistied the ruin of your^}lasaiaiae StackOFWINTES CLOTHUfcr, *«» GBEAT REDUCTION Wfolly iavltad U attend bar Ibnetal. on Ta«j*r attoc» neoe. at IH o'clock, from her lata reaidsaea. Vs. Br *< ST. Herremains Cenctsry" to wptwiitaw tree cCBdMonof thede*- tnato UMoaadt aoir la Sawu.ftiiily luijuu^ut of tl.b terrible accusation. I leanou*.**''•••It •HUfMilai •tniife that any pooolarGodfrim li.cle tliat such »as the opinion formed by Mr;ble, Bd<Jed lo my cap of bitteraess. Ibuicii, that 11 you Hare entertained such a tbooght, you »ill twnub it, nno Mr. ofJoviBal ahoDld become the laetrument ot tiinsl^tt* iBiweest in Ksnras, after all that ha> traaa- Great Nnaabe af Dlaastcra an the Iialtea—. , .h,isrVSKitV^f^tfran wben itU the otsuch upon aothorltrand l-oetG»oriie 8. Carter, arerespect tnlly IsrMeaM attend"proBlnent-MMacy b now l>ett«' estabUsasi, than that many thou- BdtBOWin OUT are, the late drought,Wa have ceneluded to offerlack af WINTKS CLOTUINa and FTBKISHINft h.GOODS f«r mea ahd beVs at a GRIAT BaVOCTlOU IK PBICE8, preparatary to removaL. mined upon^i D^(>tch^^^^^^to the Associated Press.Q.Pasha, with a cargo of wheat from Toronto. Both firstlyvessels went to pieces, but the crews were saved, Captain of the -African schooner Corttz, which is nowKadlcBl Care afBerala.—Dr. S. N. MARSH, itAre for sale at the Offices of the Times, Tribune, World and Sim. These ticksU are the generous contributions at Mr. Barnnm, to aid tbe poor, famishing people of Kaa-gentlemen."Sacketl's Barlwr—L,lat of Vessela andDamsLced—Beavr Fait af Saoir, dee.your dauiin:ers Irom me thattf BnrrAi-c, Mond*?, Nov. 26. tlity have aj,y love of adff Itatlon, to eheck it now.mightoar laigwaad eoaspiete''f^',*','--?.'*^"»'.;'''''''"*^l'y.''nToesday.»nhlnst„Territory by#MB the rIeUu. l nlmuit mtlre destltutlan. AtIUabed Matements of the saffeilug here, I bare yet to.ace the first that has been oTerdrai^, or not warriiat-ed the facts. After about two montha, by traveling-and mingling with tne country population, some timeIn June I foresaw what has since befallen ourand oommenced at that time giring the facts to the1). Mr». tell burcb,Nor. 55, Basah £,.; relatives aca frienoaof the family are lentaraiSfc«^*«qnart*vohimeof400,g«, «iotel andaroond WTapUBSton, who seem to exert:lse a Und ofThe schooner Sacramento is ashore near Port Col-a>k Mr. barcb if he can pray for me. Of course youneed bave no fears that 1 will write you again, but IwUh you would answer this, and direct your letter tomother. (Signed,) MARY. IvanWarkftrBalMlBga.-IronStoreandBankreluaeWASBisaTOS, Monday, Nor. 26. By the iMpently ratified treaty with the Kaw (Kaasas) Iqpans, the questions affecting the intru- lands have been adjusted. These In- dians are.^aow concentrated within defined limits, outsldeof 4klch tlte whites will be undisturbed. A- Commissioners of Indian Affairs.;:lor this reason That it is the firstsas. Friendsofhumanity,IappealtoyouCold, andsions onforson : Ihat wa have each a license from the Authori- Female Supporters. Sbonlder Braces, Improved suspea-th(^varicose veins.layNiw-YoaK,Nov.23, 1860.Intrud^Overcoats CABINET FURNITUREWAREROOMS,Foe ao feet in oattnOnIt aiiy l> ngec. 1 have given bim good and just iauM to ilihik mere U nothteg too vliet. for me to dofaneral. «ltb<-Dt farther invitauon. from his lata tmIMmmul bavc already leltKan- I Iwmtf penuniHad 1 bad Siuier friends andand Sunday was tttB Uked admiration less, ITocca.TurkeyTurkey Morocco aiittiitte, $;T 99.alune—wbil* who are the many,Saturda)>huulo I.OI have been anoutcast or wanaerer—Wears determined to close out the entire stock in the presetsSV'MBofeeeo,extra and elgilt gnt, $.2 mfrom tbat caueet needy, are untbie to emigrate. In all the pub-people,people in the Statei. Hy reports of the condition lows:ooi.e my hutbkHd.it teems as I could not live tboughand fruter. I'bea, too, my sin against God has been sog'eat: Duyou, Mrs. Burch,*hlnk he will e»erHUDSON k CO., Broadway.of the sutTering have beeuand such alone as my own obserration has afforded me. These reports wert at Arst attaclted from Tarious4inaitera, tncludlng the press of our own Territory.The schooner Crnnrt, with a cargo of oa^, Is ashore in the bay.?btenalmostuisttacied. IliavewrittenMr.Patterson, bi'piiig tie can give me some consolation. Oh, Mrs.—for ttougbt. I have prayed, too prayed for forgive-opposed the idea of their being any generalor winked at any such thing regardingTbe relativea ani friends olattend ttefnneral. at his late residenoe, on Tuesday afternoon, at 1 o'clock.tton ;and this I have often eiplainelFanny. verythought K). Ano now. Mrs. Burch. will you be kind to these cear children ? They are so precious. Willdyspepsia, veniences.can use hot bread wlthont the usual incou-constant,full and accurate,for this volumepage on Steel, contaloinffa visa of Slaega BUI, Jlr.are still on the Osage reservation, butSlaTO Extradition Case in Canada. ties of the Island of Cuba, our cDuntry, as the said sory Bandages, and Instrmments for physloal deformitiss. ' ToROHTO, C. W., Monday, Nov. 26. licenses will show that we are. instead of being slav-ers, droghers of the said Island. Skates. Skate*.The Extradition case of the fugitive slave, declare that it is false, that the names SKATES. Thiraty—Vt'eBSTABtlSHED SIXTY TEAB8.fewnotice has been served to them to remove therefrom. The intruders on the Cherokee neutral lands have been forced to vacate them through the energy of theMaine, and not, as erroneously reported in some of the newspapers, from a visit to HAjnnsAL Hahiix.Both chambers of Congress are now in readiness forthemembers; veryfewofwhom,hoi^ver,haveas yetarrivedinWashington. TheoldSenateChamber, the improvements having been completed, will be oc- cupied by the Supreme Court of the United States at its December session.whether he be gi^n up to the United States author- us prisoners. <\NTONIO DE CUETO, to the hair;the ill effects of bad dyes removed;thekair.viuuyMra. Reparr' frvm BnOalo, 0»vrrgm beg Burehnut to tnlnHT«E'^fSo1^-pHamnSrS Jil« £J22lbome. The schooner Tmiiufa, with a cargo of com Alm^havetheStatesrespondedto ourappeals, fromChicago,is wreckednearKingston; crewall by loans and donations of no small extent, forVrbich lost and vessel gone to pieces. The schooner Rnter^ the gxatitnde of our people is never wanting. Hy prite is ashore at Long Point. The scfai^ner Arctic is ashore at Presque Island. The schooner ScalUvag;aooIlecttsnofdeHghtful and valnabis Memoirs of ourgreat Aaarlcaa Boveliat. Tbe worA la this partleular haslongbeenafavoriteideaofMissCooper,wttofor yearshts been collecting the material, and ethenria preparing for its pablication. To ils-agreeabto blagra- phicsl featares ar« added numerous (instatlans from the novels. Illustrating the varied and peculiar beauties of Mr. Cooper's "word piclures," and'wMch have been selected so as to-afford, in eachInstaaee,scltagfOlBtBd Inquisitionoicr our domestic affairs.gieatm* tear is, that your generosity and confidence -will be abused. I have olten cautioned against an in- discrlatinate system of begging for Kansas. I everINTERESTING FROOI JAIHAICA.is ashore near Port Stanley, and has gone to pleceL The schooners Wm. Cate, of Chicago, and H'. P. Goodell, of Buffalo, weie to-day towed into the rirer at Samla, con>pletely covered with Ice, with every man on the Goodell more or less frozen. The brig Cwtt> Mam, from Chicago to Buffalo, is ashore near Goder- produce. Beware of them, therefore, unless they ich, C. V/.; crew safe, but the vessel is a total loss. re-SON A BROTHER'S Iron Works, 'it)th-tt.,2d-av. ; Frlshlfal Mertallty an baard the War-Shipa a»th-8t., New-York.andthis sendlag a score of agents East, from school district in Kansas. The public should be .<in their guard against them. One-half of them may be Impostors, in spite of any evidence they usuallyIcarlna and B)dra> fraas Tellaw Fercr- Captnre af Twa SljSTara—Falltica, the Weatbcrt and the Crops.anepisode orwillNew -nrithla Reach af All.'oppos^ evetyIn Itself.^ TbedistiagnlshedreputationoftheedltoBas,whose*'Ra-ral Hours" a few years ago wss so emiiistitly papula*. Is ai>r. .H. A. 7oitnjon, of Chicago, was swombeen family physician to Mr. Burch for some years structions, demanded his passports and was]on his way Mrs. Bnrch's youngest child was born in May, 1858ChemisU and dfccJfce.Dmgglata.Tlie Government, to-day, received a dispatch from Minister Clat, stating that he had, pursuant to in-I have;;the health of the mother was good before and afterhome. L Shortly after this information came to the Executive the Peruvlau Minister to the United States was promptly furnished with his passport, and thus all diplomatic intercourse between the two countries U terminated. The amount of unadjusted claims against Peru on account of the seizure and confisca- tion of the vessels Geogiana and LizzieThompson^stagnationMr. Clat has been our Minister to for nearly fourteen years.Peruformed in the breastOvercoau OvenwaU Ot ^Is $1SO.OOO.;Overcoau Oversoats ATEVANS' EXTENSIVEreasTal ef'Mr. Ijincoln at Heme. Srsnerizu), 111., Monday, Nov. 26.with his wife in the Summer of 1858 ; 1 advised Mr. Burch to go to Saline Springs for his torpid liver.Michael A. SerJ, jujorri- He testified to being at the house of Mr. Burch on the evening of January 3, lS6i);Mr. Burch was at a Sunday- school meeting. Nothing material was elicited fromthis witness.Henry P. Par?iand swom—CLOTHING WABSHOUSE, No.. Cti and CH rullon-st .Between Gold and Cbff-st.The amoontofovercoau.Cheap and fine dress frock coats.Cheap and rich velvet vests.Cheap and fine caaaimefa pants.Contained In this extensive establishment is iauseata. Not one man in a hundred fails4o be fitted and suited inMr. lilNCOLB arrived here at 6:30 P. M., fromas that contemplated, till the island Goverimient re- lieves Itself of the pecuniary liabilities which it in-N* pupilsThe President and party traveled in sepa- ratecan. Noovationswerereceivedonthewayon-account of the rainy weather.A. H. ComoK, Chairman of the Indiana CentralCommittee, was awaiting bis arrival.Judge AutT, of the Kansas Belief Committee, wasas a sine newConstitution.non for thein the classes now fbrsting ior-the Fiaaahaaft German languages, at tho Woasan's U^ortt • 'tl»Chicago.ciured almostquaadoption of thedies and gentlemen at all hoursoftbe dayandevenibi;.Albakt, Monday, Not. 36.I recollect Nellie Kcuyer's wedding"^ *sI The official fo«lings on Electors, as far as heard had a carriage ; to had Mr. Stuart ; I Invited Fannytofore reported, are aa followsLincoln Electors uqisAit Fusion ElectorsLincoln's majorityThe Canvassers not having receiveathisBOBSKTSO!!—Mix.—In Sctobarle. N.Y.. on Wednes-!1. Rev. C. E. CrisDelLday, Nov. by Mr. Jamss Bobsrt-soa. of New-York City, to lilss H. EMZABrra Mil.in twawwe. 58 Bee de U.NTSafjrJefMlUe.lfcMans.Orange or Sullivan Counties, complete the canvmsswithout their vote, and adjourned to meet Dec. 7 -canvass the State ticket.the vestibule on a chairWILL gOTI^BOBPirtoThe break in the Canal at the junction is closed, rand the water will be let in the Canal to-night tofioat the boat* on the Erie Canal to tide water.; •finhaArIbXinbTroBotBnXgOOTTON CAMHrrMHlKG COMFANT.Tke Break la the Caaal Repaired. Albaitt, Monday, Nov. 26.;shetold on the following Sat-agTebde (yreiaernsd,iof the adraeys. Invited tafamily reapectfidly ofThe Onmt Weatera RaOway. ToBMno, (C. W.) Hopday, Nov. 26.Lake-street andMifs Spaulrtmg did not comePaboer, No. 64 this (Tnc^doM moniin;r, Rivington-Bt.,IKACHISK. AN» INDISPENSABLE!:witii himduringevening—do-saw Btr. Stuart andthe there ladiesEatra Fancy"uVICTOR W8H0P.The Great We««Bm Railway earnings for the had gone another way we ;then walked aroundMiLua, youngest Remington, aged 19 months,ofCyru^week700 over the «>rrespondlng week of last year.^. City,ending Frld^.ja* Buffalo papers Please copy.WrxAKS.-In this City, suddenly on Sn>>4ay mormng,,-K HARRINGTON,MamlaattoB for BSayarin the esth year of her Mmv.iT*!!TrlcavheraaalatbebastandobeaAest afterashortIllness,(Iso. Bai.»wix,so'aoftheabove,inCHAFPXB HANDS AND.UP^afBaataa. Boeron, Honday, Nov. 26.I In caUedv>.\lr*t, on tbe s^meJ. AgsatlK the New-YorkK. 8. ToBT baa received the nomination for ter;CURUIiG. PRKSERVING,aRllgSTORJKU THE Cburcb. (Rev. Mr. 11 mt Pastor.) on Tnesda.v morn- druggist >. ii^rrt.Mayor of Boston,byRAIb7 UuUes, try it.iig, Mthirst.. St 10 o'<-lo<-k. The relatives and friends of tbe family Lie ie,^nested to atjead the fuoeral, with*-CAMPHORCAKE"wn'H"0LY0«8W«.<ThesteamshipPrince Albert arrived from__^the Parker Hoiue Committee.hoille. ia thefor sale bgThe I<add die WabBMHT Bewtac 'dfasUae out further mvitatirn. Their r'.-malna will be convoyedM''OOUNTS;bills, aeetptaaces, Ae., taThe Prince Albert Omtwwr* Banad. St. Johhb, N. F., Honday, Nov. 26.ma"x BOW be had for Fifty Dollars. „ ,„ _ ^LADD. WEEfllfel A CO.. No. 800 Broad iraj.Untitled DocumentntlDk. IWinlt. mioI'.FnraKetalledat Wbale- months indndays.GOODS AT irf'A^fcr^, PIf,crAinTgEmDy fine a9^ort^leDt ofTlatadDrasj;AX (V- _J12,S10;day the 23d of December I was at Mrs. Burch's houseB'«*yj.g|pj_ tbe new stylos of Velvet'shesaid planted. she said'*'-li»*w^ J I^^ -«- r~ «.l-»Cl.I«ll,.lU--J-JJ-..i^uwi11.IIThe damage to buildlogs in the citythe demolition of the castlcp-houseWabswoeth, which was In conrae of erection, beingthe principal c»»e.The marine losses, as far as heard from, are as fol-Brooklyn, on Snurday, N»v. W, ofThe snow here is from a foot to eighteen inches Secondly —hunger,andmen and childrenws- down.ta death, wltUn tbaBrantford, charged:escaping No. 3)0 Broadway.SuperiorLibrary,slavery,wasurgedatlength here,onSaturday, ments are now in the actual possession of the com- Batchelar'a Halr-dyo pradaeea a perfidy«ture,efegant and expensive, at reasonable prices.the child's birth ; valescence of the mother—a of the Press to deal with men, not measuresExtraHeavy radcr-sblrtfi and Drawersterfrom homegraaa* riOMi without to color aa;It Is a matterIbrcleaning, glavaa, injuryMr. Stuart was there;RaHlan and Hndsaa Bay Sable Furs, at BENIN'S, No. 613 Broadway...wfll-flWMMa 1^ 'I reside at Chicago anddenies thereportthat accompaniedMarySpauldlngandFannyBurchfromhereMoaraoaxxTreceivedmittee. Hecollectedalargequantityofprovisionsin SundayafterourarrivalIwentwiththemandJosephOYKRCOAfS.to-day,Centml Illinois.The New.York Eleetiaa Katazaa.on theI saw Mr. Stuart at saw him and Mrs.statingtime, that there are no serious consequences attendingBlackand Cloth tancyany;Blackand fancy Beaver* •• ;' *ka'.-.'JuIlIaemphatically*» »•»"cauntanancefromtheCom- Little Falls to ChicagoinDecember,18572 —Mi,—»J "Wi aarsibbllppMr. innine o'clock;.Mr. Stuart Orange SulUvan Counties as here- Invited Mrs. Burch and Mary Spautdiiig to ridefrom,assuming and toridehomewith meandMrs.Farnuminarterof preeioas stone, aMnadidenly tjjbol^s""cap and shawl in;sugarbeenverysmall, have been re-^j;j.^'g_' Black Cloth Snlu1 thought it lookedlike acapStuart woreSHiawoon.—In this City, oa iloadar, Nov. St. Niu-w-nson ol Csmpletsnie back to look for them;,«he returned and said theytions, at 294 Canal-st., Saperior Boys'Union-sqaare, New-York.Mart 1^. and Helen E.;with murder and'Thai the names of both otir vessels are men- be- tioned and specified in the licenses, and which docu-Parlor, every style,Dining and Bedroom Furni- from the plain and substantial to thewas noteiclilii|i n.> jeaiou»y and regarillng my husband,RicuAEns.—In from tiM LARGEST STOCK OF UBN'S A.NT) BOT8 astb year of her aiie.Tid* reaUr superiiWag tlAeta prew- has in-futi;it e meThe bark Torrmi, with a cargo of coal. Is ashore buicu, il you onlyN nMbtef laneral In to-morrow's rapcrs.Wt«a*.~ln Williamsbimrh, on Monday, Nov. aCrOfnear Barcelooa.The schooner Fanny Carttner Is ashore near theComet. Shehasnocargo.paittoolar.SooneveryRepublicannewspaperinthe ThepropellerForrrstQu«en,ashoreinBailey's bisIntensehat'c>jtoose,althoughIwriteit,yet1Fhreaalaslcal EaaBlaaUaaa. WITH CHARTS ANDWRITTEN DESCRIPTIONS OF CHARACTKS, Olvxa DAILTBTFOWLER A WELLS, No. SOe Broadway, New-York.invitedparents, Ko.nSonthmb-st.. this (Tuesday) afternoon, atIHo'clock,wITbontfurthernotice. HerremalaswiM' be taken to Greenwoo<9ior intanaent.aati a portrait of Kr. Oooper, painting expressly for this work by EllMt, the Ibreaioat of onr aad in aBut, one by one, they hare ceased their oppositionto attend her funeral, at tbe residenoe of herfrcm astyle whiih all coimoissenrs declare has never beta ex-andbecomethe of sentimentinthis ezpuoents publiciieM ot God. and have that Mr. Burcit prayedportraitpaWets, angraysdToiritotT agreed that the destitution was alarming, and that aid of some iorm must come from friends In thMtatea, while many of the Democratic journals op-the q«catlon seemed, in a measure, partisan. «xc^oa to this clas^-iilcatlott, I should state that the papers published upon the Missouri river, generallydesUtu- on the ground that the border counties on the Missouri river had mneh better crops that wouitl suffice for a home sup-jily.But more recently, nearly every paper in the Ter-Harbor, has gone to pieces. «a^ol&tlefrbeu bi;yuBd endurance. The thought chat A large oropeller, supposed to be the OociXaA, of Ik- bates me is ureadfut. I can only pray that heAmericanengrarlcffInaddi'ioa-the New-York Central Railroad line, is ashore at/foaedthlSTiew. lit tbii t^me (some two manths ago,) Eighteen-mile Creek. She left Buflalo on Frfday w |jeu I left l;im. lean never forget his putting hisfully invited to attend ttwtuneral.frrmi Weanesday afternoon, at 2 o'clock.John AvarioiB of Center's novel.heavy, of Paihss *11*11—1 sre n BUM—dattery did Its work. Tell the kills lo thuD il a~ they would the dread simoon. IGBIAT OFPOBTUNITT toHoiATio King has returned &om a family visit to fore the Court of Queen's Bench. The decision manoer of the Barraeouta, who captured us, and made natural black or brown no ;tho skin or staining InjuryInterior Decoratlsns, Pier, Mantel Glasses, AcNafikvillz, 111., Monday, Nov. 26, 1860. The Court convened at 10 A. M.matters there is acaulrlitnhgecolic, swellingsa,ngdalls, bruises, lumps, No.Overcoats Overcoats Overcoala Overooats Ovf rcoats Overcoats Overcoats Overcoats Overcoatsnothing unusual occurred in the con-she nursed the child her- she left towi-n siKjn after her recovery from con-; also. I'Dder-garmeots for men. women aiKl children, at MoLAUGHLl.'v'ri, No. 'iSH Greenwich-st.. corner of;self ;finementdisease of the breast for some weeks ; this disease was attended by general ill health, and an abbessshe recovered early in the Win- I don't know certainly whether she was absentfeel- ing which cannot but lead at all limes to most deplo-, Overcoats Overcoats Overcoats Overcoau Overcoats Overcoau OrercoaU Overcoats Overcoats Overcoats Overcoau OvercoaU Overooats Ovcrce:,u Overcoats overcoats Overcoats Overcoats:on her return she suffered frorn a painfulrable party and personal controversies.asserted that themarked by one or two very stormy debates, chiefly concerning the adaptability of the new ConstitutionMurray-st.Turner to St. James' Church Mr.Burch'sbouse thatmomingBurch at my house the same evening theyprices, at UEWLN'S. No. »>3 Broadway.Castisoere. Petersham, Felt. Stmet, to., COATS.314Into copart-theMr. Burch's house, which was customaryIn some ol the parishes of the Interior there is Inces- sant rain, whilst on the south side of the island there are the strongest indications that there will be very heavy weather.There is great inactivity in business, and the prod-isuce market very dull, both the result of the heavyCity.$2 ..2iota !•I have enjoyediFla^k I>oe»k^,C)oth50T36reiunis from out and that Mis. Burch was not wellta ti Mta • * «• »«M What ta Do.—Upon the flrst fbeling of pain, yon attend bis funeral, this- day, (Tn^eday.) Z7tb inst., at F^rajakiDg Goods wbolevaearlye doaeriptioa, retailed atI inaulred for the ladles ;I saw aAH and Satins silkstlothau^Caealmeie$2 1saw Mrs Burcb the next day ;had she known that it was me that calledthat the servant had been ordered not to receive gen-Into the housethat she would have received me the evenmg beforebut should have admitted me ;p^a-ents.HOUSEKBEPERSBIWB^„ V^eralmc tiiat Stuart had been thereurday 1 went to Mr. Burch's bankFannie and Mi>sme to walk on SpauMIng there^^^^^^^j^^^^ HOTBL-KEEPEM "OT^d COMFORTABIBS. PPHOLBTEBHMIM^OB^g^^^„j^AD^ BATTS FOR THE MABKST,company,;XTANS*. and Falton-st.Sign of the Red.'WhICa and Bias.FBENGB'S CBIiEBKA'FED CONICAI>andhe wouldfollow us wewenttowith Mrs. Burch and Fannie,residenoewith .Miss Spauldlng;WA8BINSwalked some timeand bonsa-Stuart saw her homely difficulty the Monday before Mr.s. Ilureii leftDeUcately soft and white by tke r TADMANA CO.'S,D^pM States. wanted In all of the United';?""?S trautpired that I observed I left Mrs. Burrh at a confectionarv store, shebestandlargeststockinthB(Jlty._ ,idow of Isaac Winaas,ANDBESTDCTHSKASKXT.I 1 ?*' «';TheLOBUisaying she would not trouble me;'the evening to apologise to Mr. Burch for notaccompanying his wife homeThe following letter was also read Burch case.MBS. BCRCH'8 LETTER TO H«R ACST, M!;.1.BROOKS A SON, No. 188 IWaltaa-fi.Nov. 34, Mrs. Saskika WisAas,F. A B. FRENCH.;;prevailing ailments being influenza, accompanied bytbe ordinary fevers of tlie country.There has been an abundance of rain In every dis-trict of the island, destroying the roads in some placesand causing the rivers so to overflow in others, as to at tbe residence of the bride's latber, bv Rev. J. A.be for whole days impassable. And yet the wet sea- McKeon, of Fhiladelpbia, Jaucs M. HovrGOsisaT to Csisiasie, Pilot sons can hardly be said to have more that commenced. AOGit A., aeoond danghtar of Henry Yolk, ivsq., all ofto Notice is hereby given that 1 havettfciB-ln"U Cusiness in Jewelry, watobes ai>dstore No. « Fifth-avenue Hotel, under the Arm oT; ;met Mrs. Burch. Mr. Burch toldwill be Ukea to Rye for intersMnt. , MIFLAISUuPaAj.j—isIan,tahigsedCiMty, on Maondd7aymcra'Joirsa.iag. Nov. K.years ^ ,. Tkefriendsof the family are invited ta attend Os fuaaral services, at tbe of hi- son. Dr. M. W.;left afterMARRIED. KownouBST—VoLi.—In this City, on Monday, Kov.'J*.toacygJJds. and Beaver Jasinesa Ceala. . . . .S4 «Mt[^ ^^f^n'Se^MoM at No. 23 «rf-;OvercoatsOvercoats Overcuats Overcoats Overcoats tlvercoata Overcoats Overcoats Overcoats Overcoats Overcoats ^IvcTCoats Overcoats *>vercoata Overcoats Overcoats Overcoats Overcoats Overcoats Overcoats Overcoats Overcoats Overcoata Overcoats Overcoats Overcoats OvercoatsNos.;I went intowith me to on Wednes-BC>SStpublic favor thattn>eewni*gj«*jj^ch^ "''A^j'^gg!''; the servant said they wereyoungestdaughter of Peter Mix, Ksq..of Scboharlc C. H.;Mrs. Burch sent Fan-Greeimionnt, Baltimore. RiHinaToit.-In tbis City, on Frida.'UNEdUALFJlsues osLi na bsuabs.rer, hotel-keeperand 4""— •*'•*?*'' *" increase of $5,- and endeavored to find them, saw Stuart in Water-Praaf Beats.Boots and Sbses.•no ouwr.wsell no othpr thaa o^n0T0N>8 MAMMOTHUurr.hsaid,•;•• i first hei,tfl of the (iml-Curedinafew andtbeekln banrt,BUBCU.Mrs. Burch: You \%HI, 1 trust, pa-'don nie forSni^day,Nov.;No mat-the 34th year of his age.;DIED.1^1Jtlp..iJiii^,ii.^wiiji^m^t ^<?gri)t ygiP'^gotK^^mee, 2iiie06a8, ^citrttfet f7> IMO.yen. Mix. Buich, thank him for his assumed kindaess- As an afternoon vilth a double crew on board, all of whom arm aiound me and kissing me " Good bye,"Ihe residence ofhas become convinced that the famine in South-ern Kansas was a reality, and no longer brand it as a The schooner J. S. IfewkouMe is ashore aear Good- myth. It seems now, that such aggravating false- erich, C. W. Schooner Wm, Majcvrell is ashore near jioods eoflie alone from " prominent gentlemen" Sugar Loaf Point; the crew all perished except one.Chlaa^Cllaaaimore Cooper,, comprising a largt qnanttty of entirelyoriginal matter, embracing the history of the causes thatt«led tbe-prodnctlon of Mr. Cooper's more Importaaaritoryperished.The propeller Jrrtey Citv, of the New-Tork andErie Railroad line, is reported to have fouiulered near Dunkirk, and all on board perished.Two or three propellers and a numker of small sail vessels are ashore on the Canada shorv.Host of the fleet of vessels bound down here, ar- rived safely, the losses being confined mostli to ves- sels bound up.I would wlsb, HiS. B., youE. Chamberlln k Co.'s, Bcstoa, and Mass.,faftvo tbe lightest and nkost nutritloas bread, cakes, pies and pastry, ever produced. Those who sulTer fromexquisite series of engrarings, tjl of wk£4 afe art. and which are superior to anything of the kind Mhettooffered in steei illustration for "books, rendse- FAOBSAND PICTURES" theentatloR voluiae of themost elegant and BoceptaMrprsa-year. Its- ttterary conteots areaboofamostlnUrestlns and valuable; I^for decision, however, whether the Imperial Govern-Fnrs. Pura, Pars,ot cuuuu:!at IS o clock A. b. His remains will be taken to Orange,weaUier. Theariivalsof1 1 did nof go and the coffee and pimentoTHE DEMANDS-Uu-i^^nt/mti3 'nn':"^ :f*ffi9'tm'^ %itin Heaven knows that I Luich. I was heait-brokendutithierauuy,am before, but this If possi-will be taken to ttreeaasad TccKR».-In tk<« City, suddenly, oa Friday 'nIgM,auce, but In tbis he has judged me wrong-HJa.s,ckbr.l—nl«a*ent.In Brooklyn, onThe storm ofmost severe that has occurred here for many years. alUrfS'. >a> a begfjar. My min-was conrnenced by prsseat stand, bring what it may. Thisto attendHoly Tnilty. Cllnton-st., co-ner of Mootagne st,. oabave be^B lov 1 have thuoghtlets.The aad relatives of the frten^not deliherately tu.'I.ed luio nilii. Ohl no! Indeed I have notOLOTBINC AND FURNISHING GOODSin the AT KXTRBUELY LOW PRICES.are Invited ta attend her laLera). ibis day, (lueHaay,) 21tb inst., at 2 e'elerk. at the residence of ber hijter la-law, Mrs. Jane WllliaaiB.De Balb-av., sear C'laF.-K>n-ar .Brooklyn. l»0CUTri.« —In Urooklyn, on Monuay. Nov. 28, of diphtheels, Istar. yoangm- anvhter of William A. and Helenas. UorlittJe.age,' (.srs, 2 months and 8 aays.w h«n I tMnk ot the great, the dreadful wrong I haveDEVLINKos. 68, 2U and MOMy niud has been so distressed. I hareknew how 1 sufferedail aloEe since I'harsday, and 1 have had timev^oulo in t'uie foralve rae. Oh! when I was told ofCltur,—wilt me, and (kI less hatred for me. Will forgive-_T.'**, "'"t'^" *"d rrfendsoftbe family are reepeet-now although I ki:ow be dlO not mean it the way I received It.CaMeevtimted IiCaren."Conoxntratbo Lravrv."A0* Norwich- UonnFbatre— pape^ please c^niv.meoiaieiythat you do imH think I wishedyouWtlLiAH H. FRAffili. aged 43 years.1 am much afraid tliat you should haveOh! if I ever needed I prayers,For sale by Grocers >nd Drnggists generally. GEO. H. BATES, Wholesale Agent,^^^^^^ No. 189 Fearl-st.Chandrllera> Plated Geada> dbc.i At a great reduction for cash.OASSiara.—In MHwsukee, Wis., on PirWav, Nov. is. Hart L'BoaaRClsv. relict of the late Rev. John D. Ganllner, fotmttlj Pastor of tbe Presbyterian Church in L. Lyou piaylornie?need them now. I deserve all this suffering, and I pray it may be the means of bringing me nearer to my Goo. &iine is nomocksorroworrepentance. Mrs. Burcb. 1 do hope and pray for forgiveness, and wish aJl aho ever loved nie would now for me., Icharacter, pre- Feni-— Ihey accuse one of us of being formerlypose and material, attested by tens of thou^jands using them, oflgce No. 605 Broadway, New-York.TO 3d,0Mr8TAKTrNG 4.000 MUSEUM TICKETSthe cook of the Pasha. at Port Royal, callea the Cuba.except We therefore solemnly declare that the said accu- New- devotes atteation to theTeaey-st.,the well-known house of M.UtSH A CO., No. 2York, special surgioal adaptation of bis Radical Cure Tress to all cases of rap- ture, however eomplicatcd. A visit to their establish- "I'heyhaveaccusedus,thatwhenwewere mentwillsatisfypatientsortheirphysiciansthatkeIs taken, we were Ixitii txiund to the Coast of Africa, and prepared to treat all cases requiring mechanical surge- deep, and much drifted. No trains have arrived yet laoen with provisions and slave supplies, &c. This ry with skin and loccsas. Also, a largo assortment of(4 P. M.j from Rome. is also a false and malicious accusation-for this rea- silk and Lisle thread elastlo stockingsWEATHER AT WATERTOWN. sation is falseWatistown, Monday, Nov. 26. time m our lives that we came to Jamaica.named Jackbor, from Missouri, now in custody in of the two Spanish brigs are unknown, and fortius ALL STYLES.Overcoats Overcoats Overcoats OvercoauOvercoats ofOvercoats OvercoatsOvercoats OvercoatsOvercoats OvercoatsOvercoats OvercoatsOvercoats OrensoataOvercoats OvercoatsOrerooatiOvercoats!1 bave beentrott,Wllltani sndfpni, Edward C. -nrf his ^oa^a-law.Dr. hUwrite me, im- from Messrs.prayho^a you will write me. Tell me that ydi pity me, We are determined to sell, aad will make it an objectvoloiaes tbe ;ana will pray for me. Kiss the children for me, and for those who wish to buy.Friinta, Columns, Girders. Beams, Dior Shutters, Stairs, Vaults, Ac. Kvery description of fine Iron Work for bnilding purposes, manufactured at JAMES L. JACK-BIUC880N>8 SATiOBIC BUfCtlNBS. From 8 to 48 inches diameterOf cylinder, for salb, AttheAgeneyiNo.UtDuane-sU8BNI) FOR A PAHPHLBT.OFjrlOIAL DBAWIN<^, BY TSLCABAPH. OF THE I.KaAI.IZBI> I.OTTEKIB8.WOOD, BkDY A ao., MINASBBBof tneThe anderslgncd Commissioners, appointed by the Governor of the &tate of Delaware to superintend the drawings of the Delaware State Lottery, do certify that the following are the numbers drawn this day :before poblishedwarrantoftheliterarycharacteroftbe-wark; whQethe DELAWARE, KENTUCKY, AND MISSOURI STATE artistic accompaniments, £8 regards -iilnstrati^ns, p*- LOTTERIES, per, printlcg and bindings^ render it preezalnentlx them, Weirantto bear nomore harping about the ports feeing a loaded vessel on the Lake, running I to state that yellow £ever is making liCatcr'a Sewing; Machine Far Sale—Nearly AUTHORIZED BY THE LEGISLATURE. unique and attraotlve, and a deserved menumeot to theiiava frient^ in your own vicinity who can vouch for The Cadet, of Detroit, arrived at Ooderich safeFrom Onr Own Oorrespondent. KmosToif, Jam., Wednesday, Oct. 31, 1860.$40 and apwards.No. «»5 Broadway, New-York.— our jLaasaa thieyes, certainly atand thinks she must regretgenius of author, ^he" Cooper, whose name Is with his eotatiy's warea. First in her-flles, her pioneer of mind."LIST or ILIU8TIATIOII8 OK BTIIL. FoBTRAiTOF J. FiaiHORR CooFxa, fraia« Paintiag hgrElliot, Marshall. Engraved byunder barelic torn fraud by instituting a general system for Kan- at Port Colbome, and the Jeamie Mack three miles sas aid, except what Mr. Htatt and his associates above there. Three other vessels, names un- have accomplished. To him Kansas is under untold known, are ashore at Point Albino. The barkbut one man cannot do everything. A General Relief Conveniion is there- fore called to meet in Lawrence to-day, to which allSunshine and schooner Kevjasha are safe under Long Point, but damaged. The schooner Marco Polo is capsized near Long Point. The schooners St. George,obligations for his timely labors;in Asth- Consumption, Broncltitis,Caaa—The aUUtary Department ef CaJl- Ands m»d Oresan> dca.flpaotal Oiapatoh to the Vew-Tork Times. WABHnaTOK, Monday, Nov. 26.Mr. ZKiABBA, the Peruvian Minister, received lastmctions this morning to demand his passports, 4nd sent immediately to the Department of State for ihem, but was too late. They had already been vol- unteeredandsent—the two messengerspassingeachHarbor, disabled and with sails goite. She is loaded with wheat.The schooner Jeannie P. Mack is ashore, with aand put to sea again. The fever developed Itself insach a malignant form that the doctors could makeno hand of It. The deaths Increa^ied fi-om day to day, BROWN'S " Beaefieial ia Bsokobitis."cure for Coasumption, saHyw.^^ Bronchitis, Ae, Ths only objsct of the advertiser in sending tbe preserlptloaexpense.polesheavy seas,neaand in good order. Cost $C6. Will be sold tor $25.the counties are requested to send delegates. The Mary, Field, River, and two or three others, object is stated to be '"to ascertain the aggregate names unknown, are ashore near South Bay, LaketothevoicenfPUBLIC SPEAKERS AND SINGEBS.amount of relief needed by the people of Kansas for present subsistence and for seed the coming Spring, -and to determine upon a general plan and organlza-Ontario.on the 9th of the present month. This vessel, it willand all accredited" N. P. WILLIS. I Teeommead their use to Fosuo Spxax-way disparagemaySurgeon, the Captain's Clerk, and thirty seamen.agentsthe aenrices of Mr. Htitt, while ItBROWN'STBOCHESBROWN'S HOAISUICBS.'' Jhasten the return of some 'prominent gentlemen" 'The restcrew were almost allandjiowabioad.KEWS FBOn WASHINGTON.where the to the other patients.was soon communicated Some days after, the steamerBROWN'S*labor of breathing peculiar to Asthma." RBV. A. C. BCGLE3T0N.foo Ue HOUSEHOLD which it will appear ia this week's namber;.meetingspecific) havingwent ashore on Nelson's Island. Over 30 vessels, bound to this port, are still to arrive.^ The weather Is moderating slowly.The following vessels are reported as meeting withdisastersThe schooner Forrht is frozen in the ice near Tren-Tke Perwrlma BUnlater ReeelTca hla Paas-fmilM—CaaneaoaMateframSecretary TheschoonerCascadehasbeendriventoSackett'sREV. E. H. CHAPIN.RANDOLPH.oftheattacked,-other. The w|^le matter of dispute will now go be- Stone MUls, Canada, and subsequently went tofore Congress;.tasty, and ths largest assortment of FaU and Winter FREE THOUGHT.dently must have just landed Africans on the cozist of TROCHES "Great benefit when taken before and af- clothing, furnishing goods and chUdrei^ clotMng, aikd THE PEOPLE DOMINANT.inglynot/jkindFemale College.tothedivision havingceased,thetwo Depattmentff have again been blended into one. Col. 'Wkiobt, as senior officer, will remain in charge ofWheeler&WUsaa'a.SKWIiN" MACHI.VE.I.causesleadinginthehere Notice to tue Pcblio—asamilitarydistrict.The Waslihigton Commandry of Knights TemplarIncreased facitftie.i for manufacturing aud the curtail- Her steamerBarraeouta,Com- mentoflitigationexpensesconsequentnponreoentde- Majesty's clsioDS of the United States Conrts, justifies the sale of mander Wood, and several days after our arrival we Wheeler & Wilson'" Manufacturing Company's Sowing The schooner Edith, of Oakville, was beached noticed in the newspapers of Kingston that various Machines, with important improvements, at preatly re--OregonAdams, N. Y., Monday, Nov. 26.Oswioo, Monday, Nov. 26. Accoiints of the eSect of the recent severe galeof cargo coal,ten miles above Fort Colbome, ontuid it was ultimately decided toto Halifax, for the benefit of the climate there accordingly, the steamer Barraeouta left here with aDR. J. F. W. LANC, B9ston,he coneelves to be Invaluable, and he hopes every suf. ferer wiB Iky bis remedy, as it will cost them nothing, aad may prove a blessing.Parties wishing the pretcriptian wiU please addrea^ RXT.IDWARDA.WILSON,WUliamabargk,'KingsCounty,New-York.FAI.I. AMB WnHTEK.For ths best cut, best made, best fitting, faahiOBable,MEN RAISED IN XLOWER-POTS.DISTINCT TYPES or THE FUTURS. PHYSICALVIGOR. ( DEVELOPMENT UBITM).RECREATION.PBII« OF OCOCTA'nOV. RETIRING FROM BUSINESS. THE INDUN BUilMER. RIGHT OF EDUCATION. ENGLAND 8PR0CTIN6. PRACTICAL MORALITY.:Hospital,reported speciallyMORROW (Wednesday) at aU the bookstoiea.'ton in the ofBay Quinte.Hydra arrived,alsovrith aof herlarge proportion Ckenust, Boston,Lake Erie.The schooner 3fary Sema, with lumber, is ashore InSodus.and,*'I have proved them excellent for Waoor-Chaumont Bay. TheschoonerComet,withlargenumberonthe2ithInst. Two slavers bave beenBeneficial when oofflpellsd to speak, suf- BROWN'SferingfromCoLn.";inThus far noWng has been done to secure the pub- have foundered. The schooner Cuyahoga is ashore havoc among the unfortunate European seamen of Address Mrs. MASON, Box 101 Tiiik« office.Her Majesty's Navy, stationed at Port RoyaL Thebe remembered, was instrumental in capturing Gen.Wetrustthatafterthis isarecominginfromeveryquarter.Theschooner/.WiXKxa.ShearrivedherefromHonduras,whereBROWN'StheT*hTartocthreoin'balreelaamyThroat,(fomrawdheimcehmailedfreeofchargebysendlagtoHENB.T. WABD BEBCI" YOUNG AMERICA.'*tht above nen-politieal, interesting and ehanetvUt* lecture, delivered last week by Ber. B. imtaiiihH. waaion to supply it."-held the business will take a more practicable shape, /. Morley, ran ashore near Kingston '; Game Cock at the fever had been raging for some time. She lost on TROCHES often a.mere whisperer "will be indorsed by a Terri- Peninsula Point; Minnehaha dragged both anchors a voyage, which did not extend over four or five days, torial organization. All tbis, however, should In no and went ashore near Cape Vincent, and Marquette the Second Lieutenant, the Master, ttte Assistant-'WOOD, EDDY A «0.. Wilmington, Del , or St. Loais , Ha.TO COMSUBEPTltES.The adTOtiser, baring beea restored to hsaltk fai afew weeks by a rtty simple remedy, after hariag ra^ fered several year* with a severe lung affection, aad that dread disease. Consumption—is anadous to make known to his fellow-Buffetars the means ol cure.BfiV. HENBT WARD BEECHKR, were immediately transferred to the Royal Naval TROCHES Almost instant relief in the distressingIs ashorenearThe schooner Queen City is ashore at Kingston. eouta. The living cargoes of the vessels had beea TROCHBSHas lost boat, sails, Ac.Apropellercoaster ran ashore eight miles belowwere made.REV. S. J. P. ANDERSON. St. Louis. " EmcTDAi. in removing Hoarseness and They BROWN'S Irritation of the Throat, so coaunoa withSriAxaas and Bixsaas."Prof. M. STACY JOHNSON,LaOrange, Go, Teacher of Music, Southernpieces.The schooner Augustus Handy is ashore In SouthBay. Canvas and boat gone ; leaking badly.A steamer from Kingston reports seven vesselsashore between that place and Sacketts Harbor. There is a blinding snow stonn from the southeast—other at Henderson names unknown. One vesselbetween Hor^e Island and Stony Island has a signal of d^tress at her masthead. The steamer Bay State isgoingtoherassistanceImmediately.Secretary Cass addressed an exceed- to the Minister, regretting the neces- sity which tt^ninated diplomatic relations betweenthe two conn^jHes.In mergingihe Departments of Oregon and Califor-'•ia, the Cov^rcmentumlf discontinued a temporarydivision created specially for Gen. HAaHiY. The Two vessels are ashore at Stony Creek, and an- tains have'issued the following protest which wasnow raging here.SACKXTTff Harbox, Monday, Nov. 26.President of Athens rioUft-'e. Ceoa. BROWK'S aVSsid by aU DrugirUta at TWENT YFIVKTROCHES CENTS A BOX..erThe largest store in the City,tgrain.Bigand brought into this port by Her Majesty's steamer Barra-plague-fOUBHAL, taCuba. At the time of theirpainted on their stems, but the Commanders, after- wards, gave the names of Lola and Costilla. The whole matter is now before the Court of Vice Admi- ralty for investigation. In the mcanwiiUe the Cap -publishednewspapers:On the 19th day of this present month otOctober, we arrrived at Port Royal, having been brought asprisoneis byshipthe convalescentOFA HOMOGENEOUS'NAtlONAUTY.recently capturedof before theare two Spanish brigantlnes, well furnished with slavedecks and all the other appurtenances of the trade. TROCHES One of them is suspected, by her fittings, to have been BROWN'S on her way to the African Coast, while the other, evi-disposedcapturescapture theyhad no namester prcacfainff, as they prevent Hoaneness. BROWN'S Frosa their past effect, I think tb«y will be ofat prices less than at any other establishment, go is F. B. BALDWIN'S.-WHO'S GOT THE KEYS ? RIGHT TO BE ROMANTIC. TRAMMELS OF PROPRIETY. PBOGRESSfYE YOUNG MEN. LIBERTY FOB ALL MEN. PATRIOTISM.SPECIALLYEEPORTBBt for. and to be found in full, inTHE HOUSEHOLD JOUBXALTbis week. Ready ou Wednesday at all the news-dsal-Oct. 27, 1860.WnH IMPORTANT IMHROVKMEN IS, AT BEDCCKD PRICES.1HE HOUDA'KS ABE COlMINCt—o o O o o over ver ververver coats coats coats coats coats eoata coats Overcoats;accusations had tieen made against us, wliich weCommandeicsofBrooklynandNew-York,anInvita- Shehadno theschooaerOmaritivelyand^lemnlydeclaretobeallfalse,andconse-famil.vose,andmaniusfactaresinthe,<amerangeofpur- o AID AUCERICANSY:are making extraordinary preparations to receive the tion to them' o visit Washington having been deter-In thelgaie of Saturday, a mile south of Stony PointLight. cargo. Also, qutniJy unjust.duced prices. The iuiwriorit.v of these macbinen forpos- .& No. 20North William-st.. New-York. HILL CO.,from reason At W. J.SYMSt URO..ities will be rendered on Thursday. Capitan del Bergantin Lola Sus proDrietario Don Invigorated for life by using this dye. Factory, No. at J. Ramon Salazar. Barclay-it. Sold and privatsly a«>iied U BATOHKL-Goods packed andshippedto of ths wsrld. aUpartsDOMINGO JUSTO, OR'S Wig Factory, No. 16 Bond-st. THEBURCHDIVORCECASE. 'OHAFPED BLAND8, VACB, UPSs Asa. OBBTAIN CURB AND PRBVBMTIVIC,Capitan del Bergantin CattUla, Sas proprietaries • OwnersofBnraeawillAndDr.Tobias'Iiln>Overcoats Overcoats OvercoatsOvercoats Overcoats OvercoatsaSEVENTH DAY. Los Sefiores Pla Francanillo San Migel lUENT in pint bottles at 50cts. superior 'o anythingHegemantfeCa.'s Camphor les with Olyeerine. IyCa.elsefor Ac. OvercoatsOvercoatsOvercoats asdirectedwUkeepthesUnsoftinthecoldestiraatberwInalthough being, as we are, at the end of a General Assembly of the "collective wisdom of the country, it would be expected that a great deal would be pre-Sold66 Cortland t-st., New-York.Sent HEGEMAN A CO.,mail for 30 oaats.politicalcompletestagnation,druggists. DepotOnlyStcents.by 611and766Broadway.sented for discussion. TldsGAS~FiXTlJRES, 707 STEPHEN PHILBIN,No.Is to be attri- buted not so much to the absence of topics to discuss as from a morbid feeling ^n tlie part of the conductorsOvercoats Overcoats OvercojitsRraadvay, Offers for sale, at REDUCED- PRICES, a ^leudid aaso rtment of GAS FUTURES.French Brontes, niazoT wreaTATtoa, eenslsting>fMantel Oaiamentt, Statnettas, Orenpe, litkstaads, Ae. PlumbUg and Oas FittlncaUmaVSsCO.'S Beailne fir th«C iartaatpats, fBtath Aa,. Ae., aadrfhbeM^ hi., equal Id now,fkbrle. Sold by druggisU ; only 3S cents per bottle. Be* that J on get the gennln e srtlcle.OTICE.-THERE IS BOOM FOB A FEW MOBBVniveralty Building, Caiverslty-Irallyto the circumstances of the coimtry.andSilver Ware, 6 rer cent. le^B thsn any other booseintbeOvercoau Overcoats Overcoats Overcoats Ovr Overcoau Overcoati OvercoaU Overcoats OvAMB BOOIIHtICAJ,.-B»3Sl(AB*iii the Summer of 1869.Croes-rxatitatd—l believe Mr. Burch went East ment would give its sanction to any such alteration GENIN^, No. 613 Broadway.approachingBqnireIt is season will be__^^^___^ dc fjaadcrhave cropsmay be qnlte certain that some natural outlet of thebody is in some way obstructed. Take at once a dose ofBRANDKETU'S PILLS, and persevere for some days,if nntll the difficulty isremoved. How.mach necessary,severe citkneas, bow many lives, wsold be saved, if thisadvice were faithfully followed.Mr. Burch aud BRANDRETH'S PILLS, 25 cents per box, with direc- ntti inst.. at U o'clock. The remains will be taken toSOL-THto-dayHaJ^"tbe same attended by;tiiuuastoGreenwoo'l fi.r interment. OLMSTEn-— In this City, ongene-taomlng, aft'lJTo; DREEING. BEAUATNIDKYWOCI^^^^ Their funeral service* will he held \n tb» Carmine-st.Combine with floor tke,In Jersey City. 9. J . at W«l residence. No.B. V. HAUGHWOUT A CO.,Nof. 488, 490 and 493 Broadway, comer of Broome-st.which, combinrdl render theOBOTER A BAKER'S CELFBRATED NOISEL,BBH FAMILY SEWIKC MACHINES.Prices Establisked for Seven Yeare,picture cosapleteBrayra'a Braaehlal TraebeaCure Cough. Cold. Hoarseness, In/tuensa, and Irri- tation or soreness of the T/iroat, Relieve the Hackof this Island have been, for some time, freefrom the presence of the destroyer, and would havecontinued so but for the arrival of a man-of-warsteamer, whose crew had been decimated by the dis-ease. The sanitarv condition of Port Royal was Few are aware of the Importanoeof cbecklns a Cough Witness ourportsDELAWARE LOTTERIES.£ztra Class No. 663, Kov. 26, leSS.6, 34, SO, 75, 45, 3C, 32, 66, 43, 21) &4, 4«v 20. ClassNo.664,Nor.28.1880.C8, 67, S8, 53, 43, 51, 75, 1, 16, 30, 34, 6v 41.ing Coughma^andCatarrh. ClearandgivestrengthViaKirrrETiTLX—ViewofofMr.Cooper. DrawnbyHows,EngravedbyHlnsbtf- wood.W. A.. T0WN8END A" hands, never better than it was on the arrival of the Icarius, or coirmon cold" In its hrtt stage ; that which in theatWilmington, Del., Nov.26. 186*.GEORGE C. JOSEPH SEAL, JAME« DUNCAN.CO.. PublishetB. lksr-sb, Saw-Tark.begirming would yield to a mild remedy, if neirlected. soon attacks the Lungs. " Bruiru'K Bronchial Troches," containing demnlcert ingredients, allay Pulmonary aud BroBchiailrritatleo.GORBON, Circulars, eontslnfng schemes for the m»ath« will beNo. 46 Wa""Save proved extremely serviceable forContain no Ovltim or anything Injuri- TROCHES ous." DB. A. A. HAYES.To all who desire it, he will send a copy of the prescrip- tion used (free of clmrge,) with the directions for pre- crewafflicted. ShelandedthesickattheHospital, BROWN'S Aslinpleandpleasantooniblaationfor paringandusingthosame,whichtheywillfladasureTROCHESDR. e. F. BIGELOW, Boston.TROCHESpermanatt advantage to me."RKV. E. ROWLKY. A. U.,Nos. 19 and 72 Bowery.Coc«HS, Ac."The BubitcU treatad upon are as tollovs: is to benefit the aflitoted, and spread lafbrmatioB whiah ANCESTRY SF Y0UN6 AMERICA.TBOCHESBROWN'S re Cevsa.^'TROCHES " Boston.DIVERSITYAMERIGAK CHARACOk^'•REV. H. W. WABBEN,by storekeepersWhite, the Batter, baa aew aa band a laraathe LATE.STION. WHITE'S DRESS HATS ARK SUPKBB. rea- dies purchasing Furs abouid not fail to call first at No.216 Broadway, opposite St. Fanl'a Church.Stook of Bats. Cape aiKl Fnrs, ofHave for sale Real (^Id Jewelry City. No. 97 Fulton-st, near William.EngtL-h Sterlingat Whaleaale Prieen, atWilliam Taylor's New Haloan. No. 666 BROADWAY.Refreshments of all kinds can be here obtained t>y la-Unhealthy as this period of the year always is con- sidered, I do not remember for a long time receiving accounts of the health of the country being so gene-rally bad. Whilst recording this fact with regrettliete is someconsolationin atthesame fBlowewr.s,.Ac.Ac,constantlyonhandandmadetoorder.'Dtp6tNo.32Platt-st.ChtldTCB>a Fare Betalled at Whaleaale BlackandfaacyrUat.logton Parade-ground. Dtceshe'''IIHFOKTAmP OF DIAMONDS.The elaiKBI""theunfavorableconditionofthegeneralhealth—^the'FASH-every respectOLASS SHADES, of all sllea, for covering clicks, clothier ia the City of New-Ysrk. For instaaoeI!GlaaaShades QIaaaShadea! '.;himself that he ean and doss mdersell every otherta J.Su1s9RwooP,8monthNselasnodn8and Fsnny B. Sbsrwood, CusimsreSuitstomatch,$»,$1W$12,«U,$18,aadtM.MM A. H., frosa th* residene* or his Sast17tb-st.,witbsntfartherinvitat'oa. HisremalasdaughteraadUNBIERDeC,0MF0BTABLK8C.OTTOSare.Carpst <B8ce«Bawarerooms,No.440Pearl<t.,llew-T»fciMrs. Csa- oUMV. «ife of Lyell T. Oliastcd, aged 26 years, 11i"",,and friends vf the fooUly die fttf)^Forks,thsaeoeeb..Nov.»,No. 419 Broadway, corner of Canal-st.Agenu ttSB MSpaAnCsiaCIJLAR. _ AddreisBoxNo.2,8«Post-office. New-Yorkfor Intersseot.•"TSIh-e"r?e'la?ti?v"esllcRsa,aged •! years.aul friends of ti>e famiir, and atOae elegantAxB, » Idow of the late Thomas March, aged To years. on tinted paper Lonad to the co»u,«« sSrils' «r i«!the funeral, from tie Chorch of the A WeoDMdaj.Stth inst.. at 2 o'clock.nThe frieads and reUCivcs of the fftmity are respectfirilya Cooper's late residence :Vifnatta Title-scarlet fSver, Liand Lncy JSne Wilson, aged 2 years and S montns.;beanttfaliy-azecatsdOvercoats OvercoiisOvercoats161, 39a,GoodblackclothProohs Fiao b^kclolk Frocks oper black cisth Frocks" •»" JJMr. PFHILUIfPPBE BSBIHN (lo»r tbnesanlwaiM*U-h-m»le-n-t o"f a-fSufyCMimere,--House in Paris, No.No. IM prices. 6CHBW.VORKKo. SIBltecker-it., andliaaanaan of drafts,SuniPsv,volunseprovide complete eaWto Mttumpllor, LsTHlA. wife of Zacliaria Richards, in tbe ar atlaa, and ia lis aaBenut coffly Uta'tratlonsCity,AssofJari, youngest daughterofCharles11' -lerscy City, on ICoaday afteronon, Nov. w. DAjfliLF..CDTLla.f»imerIy of LisDon, Conn., aged' ei sears.celled, if etioslled, into tbese oa steel, are one bundled and (hlrty fllastfa-(SmilyLARS. It ooatalns For^ Steel lUaalralbms iawhich are frsBresnarhable drswiagabyry. Oi C. iMHer, mnstrative of ehanetera and scenes in tbe novels of the renowned author; ten Iiasdscape aad Bariee Yfewj, frsn snbi^cU hy Kanrtltm, the eelebntad marlns painter, of Phlladeltlhtb,pa]ated and engrared ex^^ess^yayi by Hews, aff<nding-v4sw* in and aboat -Caopen- shiesyCsioiny-.inolnaw, J. c. Mayer, No. (« Waahlngtnn-st., Jer- town, inclodlng localities rendered world-reBt>#ih»d laThisra ttudsoD-st.. on fcsatnrilay afternoon. Nov. 24, Capt. eagraved in a style that dees credit to AaerieaaSag Harbor,Her remains were Ikken to Sag Harbor Ibr Interment,pared by the iaaghter of tbe novelist, Miss Susanthe family are Invited tofar as EVANS flattors regards price,'--rtm-ATnnn TLtrnJUf-Ais*"?ANTS. and Cawlmcre.In 1837, and solicit for thePiloted Beaver..asd- ataUl No. a6» 4thJJ;" ' ^^•sgaiS^skcts. Casters, Coffee PoU, Tea Set", a*""?"!ter KnlTts, Ac, by retail, at the ujaalw(hgleMle WUa.LUb'lV S uA»T, Km. i aad Boillsc-iiit.3»att«j*ontonotes,hasbetn avolved an expense of over TAW THOUSiMD bol.tions on wood, seven of whlcb are from diaalorigin of his populas characters perssaal anecdotes, incldenU and reminiscenoes severera. I'riceTHR^ CENTS. Published by A. HART-jaws of famineDo net da- THADDBUS HYATT.-LlnlnapaataMVx BBCHANT8 HAYING BKAVT4'.nakedness are;!!..Otsego HalliLtbe Residenssaupon BafferingpeoplesinkingYour aid ia needed nowMEEKS'333 AND 336 FOUBTH ST.. N. W. COR. BROADWAY.BMe-JLDA1H8> EXntBBII CO. OITB PBOaiPT'.;many ^'ew-Vq^k at noon Monday, and s»Ued at on? o'clock wiitlsg you *'. this Ume, but wietchc.! aud fallu lis I. I salsiiticje, bj ti£MN, Nu. STOadwayi bUTke [tUtlTtaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com ..zJb