 !|portional increase in the free population. A t thematerial prosperity can afford any adequate com- epoch of the Macedonian conquest, the proportion independent labor. The cities also became moreHammonia.. style, whioh we are glad to perceive, ia more and more Arabia........Boston.... Liverpool..... JSepL 5 ..New-York.. Havre..... Sept 1 ' .New-York...;,.. .Liverpool Sept 8»woportaartbsvt to rank ie same posftskasSUfi thelast«lx in«ntartlat»«a4Mid» rote*of|k»Jpow»c. Mo BMKItbMia»» of was theON.ISOW.'B/5CBLAm^WNBOATforNewbuxghaadbterme- BLAIR'S GOUT ANDRHEUMATIC PILLS;, they canbe ahabnormalexcrescence,—notthe.p:oductofthe mostthe whole o|;At:ica formed tte estate,ofA tidhs/affo of3RG*j?«K, •wa.criminal offenses became slaves, a n d were sen- year; of Rome 280, t h e free population amounted t otenced to public hard labor; butcontrary to the moT*than four hundred and ten thousand persons,general custom of antiquity, debtors were not wbilb there were hut seventeen thousand slaves. may.'' The following paragraphs will give our White Mountain scenery, Mr. Page will oCcap^hisSt year*.peetftrirysBWwt •• U t t t o m , t o o « B fa BOOTS H StfetropoHi***,atudio, over the Crayon Art Gallery, corner of B)r&sd- way and Eighth street—Mr. W . Schaua, who has been absent some three y& BKCDGEPpKr—DAILY LINE.—The SUPREME COURT.—County of New-York.— of Egyptians and their slave women were free, and as chattels than as'members of the family; they: History shows slavery to have been always most monthsinEurope,returntdin the Persiaon Wedneaday.84N~ES*t N o .BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD*RAILROAD to LONG BRANCH, N. J.—RAR-JtTAN andDELAWARE BAYRAJCLROAD, stoppinghoat. TAMIS2SD and ALICE PRICE will leavefectof Rx>W»sonH^Caorth sidewharf) at8a.m.and4p.m., ^rttbanextratripEVERYSATURDAY,at6p.m.Cooneot! tag a t Port Mornnorrth with car* for Long Branch and other rta-tioBs. Retornlag,earswillleaveLongBranchat6*a.m.,8*a m^ andojp.n*. ExcuralonpartAee dealt with on nberal terms*jy21 lawfiwS No. 38 Pine street, New-York City.NEW-YORK AND HARLEM RAILROAD— sUPREME COURT—City and County1 of New- civilization of Egypt is due to the fact that domes- of Cannae, when the Roman Senate ordered theS-ST.yon for the sum of three thousand five hundred dollars with in- terest from the twelfth day of July, one thousand eight hundred andsixty,besidethecoutsofthisaction.—DatedJuly18,1860.CHAS. N . EMERSON, Plaintiff's Atttomey,No. 33 Pine street, New-York City. Thecomplaintintheaboveentitledactionwasdulyfiledinrranted>.t ogfrr» ged as merchandise, while their number was con- stantly increased bythecaptivestakeninwar.^AN Udoij ;the author concludes that the long and brilliant epoch of the second Punic war; for after the battleRobert Pettlgrew, Salem Town Russell, and Adeline his wife, tic slavery, for a very protracted period, was not slaves to be armed, only eight thousand were in- The source of many, if not of all, the political andntson. .mwt k Co.SON DEN-*.M NAVI-faipatchee.pprared by 6fc*»EfcS, burdmo.i ourdea. • harden. i burden. >burd«-a.IISnnnner torrangement for pleasure travel; trains leave 26th- York—JOHN M. PINKEY afcainst JOHN B. MEE, st. Btatien aa follows:Aug. J, from *,.' •AY. ^ept. 11.a.": Jr«»y, and t*.KING of usall,weoried tot^ethee,criedtothee,Trampled to earth by the beasts impure, ' >•Dragged,bythechariotswhichshameastheyroll. tureaidgeneralindustry. Thegreat accumula-laborious communities. It exists in - the Free States, picturesque point of obaeivation, with the splendid and here freemen practically believe in and uphold it. ahow of commercial life and overflowing abundance,e*-v *>roozn ac- tt*d pr '-viiii on*. hrdOaas, «aQi. •..tree. Thir4- BS'•.-iwuners sailing- 'or<toBoston. a<-t-i with tb» -i with nod«I tigh; cocapart-lO,in*p*ed%id ii«?«>replete-rson* wisb- ii tLQl*MtowAreata. • d&Soath-et.by STEAMKXL. calling U >**sengtir* wadn aris intwn*ta4.. A ng I*. r, Aug. a . ' S*ptLpr.No.4VK.K-.......975.......v."Wj. *.««•.«» oy»oesldvee-;. Brwmeu.*w-Yotlt..i**w York a t or Pi*wi<stt,ai«d sarrv *a>». Company, York. Ageo*. Lktfaga..m-stCTH~Th«Lstyneld, f»fll .J3 at*p.m. H*3aaied,SIS. if. * 3 5 ; Moot.>b"«. $2s; A t- oding carriageand Auj;. 23.'ORTS a*ship AV'OUS-- DAY Atw 1«. urcngb ticket*gomerv. *35» Ohat'anooea.mpoi*.*.*!»j[I-L k SON•>.?:*<MS. SVTT7R- , for Eugi-uwi* N«t?r-Yo«k.iETO. - T * »;;«odf Pier 3, » . R »» •^ewa** ««-»- iand '"in*?ar£ 7 to GorViw, •pnrfcj5 ftroadwh/.EIMSHIPwiththerevoltedslaves,andthusrenderedthe fluenceofCarthageappearedintheruraleconomy country powerless against external conquest. I t of the Romans, and they began to model their agri- was compelled successively to pay tribute to Egypt, culture on the Carthaginian slave husbandry. T h eand morality. These, too, mutually reproduce each other. It is, therefore, easy to be understood how Freedom, disappears from, the Slave South, and is no more cherished or believed in. ..Many consider the American institution of self-gov- ernment ae a new experiment; and European serviles and American slave oligarchs utter fearful forebodings that the experiment is already a failure. . But tne prophecyonlyexpressestheirdesires.Forthis'so- called experiment is but the natural, progressive devel- opment of man, and for this reason proves itself overy daymoreandmoresuccessfulintheFreeStates. The kingdoms, and nations of the Old World are now dil- igently studying this experiment of Freedom, and try- ing to appropriate its beneficent results. Agents of EuropeanGovernmentsuninterruptedlyinvestigatethe system of free communial schools, the manufactures, tneinventions,themniti.'arionsindustrialandagricul- tural progress-of the Free States. But no government sends its messengers to study out the condition of slave plantations, slave huts, or slave pens; for they know well that by the action of self-government and univer- sal suffrage, qualitative and quantitative knowledge is more generally spread, and has reached a far higher grade in the American Free States than among all the militant oligarchs and knight-errants of slavery the world over.Mr. Brown has done thia admirably in his viewof New-York, for though he has given with the ac- ' curacy of a photograph every prominent object com- prehended within th* view, they are BO subordinated to the general effect that their presence ia hardly felt, though their absence would be a t once perceived to be ablemish.Theriveriafullofallmanneroffloating craft, ships, steamers, ferry boats, ecowa, rafts, albops,yachts, river boats, and.bulky sea-going clippers. Y et the broad stream flows o n gradually toward t h e ocean, and the eye follows along its placid bosom, wondering at the art by which ao vast an expanse of water is represented on so limited a stretch of canvas. T h epicture has merit as a panoramic view'.;of the great, metropt lis, but its merits aa a pure landscape are much greater. It is the largest and most ambi- tious picture that the artiat has exhibited, and, We"be> ' lieve, ia hia first attempt to paint an American land* scape. To the eyes of New-Yorkers it •will present: a scene of peculiar fascination, for there will they see a l l the atar y pointing towera a n d " pleasure domes" o f this Western Xanadu, basking and glistening in the effulgenceofasbrilliantasunshineaseverlighted-up the residences of men.—•ThenamesofE.andofT.Frerearealready.fa-miliarontniaaideoftheAtlantictotheloversefArt,and now another member of the same family presentshiecredentials to our admiration, in the shape of fouriNA .wi;J Mil VW 4X oo UJ*and political consequences of slavery is set forthin this volume with no less vigor of expression every description. In this manner, slavery became six slaveholders; Nero slaughtered them and inher- method of the original, than to render it in a literalSteamMp*.Kangaroo. Arago.....£ea"v J . ....New-Y orkBal*.WALL,to «'..•». Y.tic;, carrying t"*« tt FOOD! Adriatic....•••••••••••••New-York.......Havre .........Aax.26.'; .merous progeny of evils, for which no degree of•••••«..City of Baltimore.tRT.MKW. fev •*•»bw,<*j<-o*dway.pi*r foot of" > P«a**aja*a,forth AtUaATr?BJ>4T,BTS.zJ.-p aa., frooa k ' . - ' V *w«a«B •pp»r«»d frona be aod B*fl-•» osnoo,. .,rri*r at^ E R T S .>PiNo. 429 Broadway.pensation.Going"back to the earliest dawn of history, andexamining the dim monuments of Egyptian life,of slaves to freemen had become as about seven to three, and accordingly, Philip, Alexander, and Antipater, had a comparatively easy task in the destruction of Grecian liberty.and more impoverished. One after another they lost thtir domains and their treasure, and were thus without means to sustain their internal ad-school book, with an excellentcollectionof engravings, tha* have been taken, by permiaalon pi M. Gauot, from the original.. - , AlMca... £"![* - pulton.... vanada••New-York ....New-York...New-York.. New-York. Galway........SeptU-Liverpool Sept.12 Live* pool......SeptU Havre Sept IS•Voligarchs. -'•••.•Human institutions experience ups and downs—theybeauty which are the characteristics o f t h e eeene. I t^\X (IMMNWKWO hmlliir-TftfklktM OikandSlatof »,«.Xorth«"NationandradicalenreefHERNIA orHUP-holderscouldnotdefendtheempire;thedegraded\freepopulationofthepoorerclassesandthemillions —Mr."WilliamPage,who,afteranabsenceofnearlyday ofaxoavt whoa tboM dat*. fall c» SUNDAY, when £• Wffl b««b«MONDAY f>Q9wtn< ForJUSSu^o—WHITE'S PATENT LEVER TRUS8 and SUP- .shepherds, each with numerous subdivisions, but leiigfh, laborers of every kind had thus become ^H^^J^-* OREATIMPROVEMENT: CLEAN, LIGHT,«mir »tU»«only offioa,N« "H We*<r«t.,andPERFECTLY SURETOHOLD FEMALE 8t7PEORT- withthesameitervil|right8,^and||^3,|r^ito!rattc| ^8lav|a>!iaT|hefreeihen,bothxi<Bharid^p<^wei»=gteamb0oiB mtb Saiiroaus.irnEW-YOSK to the WHITE MOUNTAINS aadThe -hulk of. the natives of the .soil consisted of The fajnily^was^industry was,iitThis was com- ta«ning': the^jmtmS^^^^^S^y^;JL\ LAJEB JflMfl^CBiaiAgO^dhyt-AndPl^-or* RonUajreepf.d), from Plar foot of Jftj^c 9ot jartlouJaina<>»>dlla.mendation from those who eaw it in the artist'* atndio inRome,was,aent to die preeent exhibition oft|e Royal Academy of London; but a t the same time there was a portrait of a lady by Mr. Page sent, and ae the rulesoftheAcademyexcludemorethanonepicture by a foreign artist, the R. A.a took the portrait, which theyhungoutofsight,and thelargerandbetterpic- ture was left. Tne "Mwee" will probably arriva here in a few days, and will be exhibited to the pub- lic. There may be difference8 of opinion a» jtejrtb* merits of Mr. P8ge'a historical compo^tftibn*, hut w e believe beia generally concededto be the greateet of1slaveholder and the'/ whole community—-be the living portrait painters. During th* abeence of Mr. ethnic peculiarities of the enslaved race what they; George L, Brown, who is going to make stadies of1CK)E, BBEDOEPOBT—DAIL YLINE--.Piire 60PennsylvaniaRailroadareatalltimesaafavorableasareohargedby other Railroad Companies. Merchants and shippers intrust- And Heaven presents on this sunny earth-day bag the tranaoorution of their Freisht to this Company can rely(Isitnotso,Cavour?) ^ '8:30 p. m . For White Plains and all way Stations, 2:30, 4 and 5 While ringB the cry without interval,Turcos, the Zouaves hostile to every form of slav-ery, the Turcos negroes themselves. Every FrenchBoldier, even if neither Zouave norTurco, wouldprobably at once take sides with the slave. Wherethen would be the defenders and-the security of a thrill of horror. By day they worked in chain- Apart from the Interest which clings to the gen- theowner? Theprejudiceofrace,soprevalentin gangsinthefields;atnighttheywerecrowded eralsubjectofthiswork,itisrichincuriousde- America, is not a European characteristic; it did together in prisons; a Greek letter was branded tails of history, ethnology, and even philology,pt m . For White Plains and all way Stations. 6:15 -, from White-st. Depot, fox Croton Falls, from 26th-st- Depot, 8:15 a. m .,stopping st Williams bridge and S'Jktions above. For DoverPlains, from I6th rt. Depot, 4:SOp.m.,stopping atWhite Plainsand Stations above; (thia train run* to Mi-lerton every Saturday Cry, free peoples!—honor the nationevex.ing.) For Albany, from 26tb-«t. Depot, 10:15 a. m . express By crowning the true manr—and- none is truer! mall train, stopping at White Plains, Bedford, Croton Falls andStations North.Returning—Will leave Williamsbrldge, stopping at all way And thousands of faces in wild exultation,Station*6:40,9a.m.,and1p.m. WhitePlains,*typiagatall way Stations, 6 and 7 a. m. 4:16 and 7 p. m. Dover Plains, stop- pingatallStationsnorthofFordbem, 6.a.m.;thistrainleaves MiSertoneveryMonday morning,«t5:25;CrotonFalls,5pm., stoppingatall'StationsnorthofKordh&m;Albany,9am.,stop- ping at all Stations north of White Plains.UUSON RIVER RAILROAD lor ALBAJfSrand TROY, connecting with trains NORTH and WES*. From Monday, April 30, 1360, Trains w i n leave Chambers-st Station as follows: Through Express Trains, 7 and 11 a. m.* > so.; Albany Mail, 6 a. m .; 81eeptnf'Car Train, 9:20 p.gfunday. included)-, W a y Train, for Sins Sing, 9:45115 and 7 p. m .; for Poushkeepsie, 1:15 aad73^0 p. s a j fo» Tarry town, 3:35 and 10:45 p. m .; tor Peekskfll, 5:30 p. m. FroasslH-st., Buffalo and Northern Lightning News Train, 8:20 a. as. Emigrant, 6:15 p. no. P>—angers taken at Chambers, Canal Christopher and 31*6sta. Trsina for New-York leave Troy at 4:46 (8undays Included), and 8:45, and 10:10 a. m. and 3:45, end »:06 (Sunday* included) and 3:»8 p. m ., and Albany about hallBurnoverthewindowstofeelhimnear— (Is it not so, Cavour ?)Burnoverfromterrace,roof,window,andwall,notexistinantiquity;itdoesnotprevailinEu- ropenow.withahotironJntotheircheeks;althougheven whichcannotfailtoattracttheattentionofintel-an hear l*ter.MEW-JERSEYA . r . SMITH. Superintendent.RAILROAD—For PHILA-VIRGIL'S JKNEID; WITH EXPLANATORYNOTBH. By HSNRY S.FKIKKK. 12mo pp.598. D.Appleton k.Co.X!\ 0ELPH1A and the SOUTH and WEST., via JERSEY CITY.—M*il and Expr*** Linoa leave New.York at7 9,and11 a.m^and4and6p.m.;fare*3. Throogb tickets soldforCin- cinnati and the West, and for Wsshlugton. New-Orleans, and the South, ko., and through baggage checked to Wsshlugton In 7 •> as. and 6 p. m . train*.J. W . WOODRUFF , Assistant Superintendent. Ho baggage vffl be Tecerved for any trains unless delivered and•becked 15 minutes in advance of the time of leaving.^ENTRAiTBAnJE^AD oi NEW^JBRfflEY—V*f From foot ef Ceurtlandt-st.—Connecting at Hampten Jun*> Hon with Delaware. Lackawanna and Western RsJlroed, and at Itsisttm with Lehigh VsRey Railroad and It* connections.SUMMER ARRANGEMENT--Cosnmencrng May 38, K80.- Learve New-York a* foDows: ,HsJUUSBtrxe Exnatss—At 6 a. m . for Easton, Blading, Has- rlsbarc, Maoch Chunk, « t cMSJZ. TXAI>—At 8.a. m. for Easton, Water Gap, Socen+nn, ssseet, Bend, Pittaton, Wilkesbarre, ice.Xerxes, the free population of Attica was probably above 120,000, while the slave population is estima- tedattheutmostas60,000..was also providedthat a woman whohadgiven birth to three children should be free from hard1»*t.TKit0C9HTxAnr—For Easton, Mauoh Chunk, Re»dmg, That the King shall reign where oppressors fall,population ofAttica slightly exceeded one hundred the wealthy was in proportion to their degrada-with the clear and elegant typography of the volume, ability in the artiat, but not sotou<5hing,ii»sentiment,; entitles it to epe ual commendation, in addition to the They are two out-door views, and are chiefly remark-PotUvllle, Harrlsburg.JccTrueKingofusall! ELIZABETH'BARRETT BROWNING.thousandpersons,whiletheslavepopulationof tion. Itisstatedontheauthority.ofAthenaeus soundandcultivatedscholarship'whichisexhibitedin ablefortheirfinishandthefineeffectoflight. WhatM. T x n o c o x TMMXS- For Easton, Allentown, Msuob4 r.BT.Tne6avmExpre«aTrain from New-York arrives at H»crb».burr *t 13:40 noon, In time to connect with trains on Pennsyl- vania Central R.&., east and west, Northern Central, north and south, and with Cumberland Valley R.R. .Lsuve NSTW-YOKX »most P n a No.»N. F-at7^0andll:*» a. sn. and 3:30 p. m . for Easton and intermediate stations, a n d a* St*»p.m.for*WsrvflteendrntermedAthens alone amounted to nearly two hundred and Seneca that some rich men had from ten to itspsges. thousand. T h e Peloponnesian • war, which w a s twenty thousand Blaves. Caecilius Isidorus lost aK. WAT TxAJj^-ForExrasss Tiuux rox BUxxiSMtrKe.8onierillleandinterniedi*icBta*ie«ewillstrike the observerin these pictures of ayoung* arlh-t ia the correctness of drawing and the oon- acieLtioua exactitude of tbeir finish—qualities which, we regret to eay, are aorarely seen in the productions'.VBringherthegift,andwishherthegood;Assyria, Babylonia, Persia, and Macedon, till finally it was swallowed u p in t h e resistless prog- ressofAlexandertheGreat. Ananalogymaycountry was rapidly filled with slaves, who were treated with reckless cruelty; t h e small home- steadswereconstantlyabsorbedintheestatesof the wealthy slaveholders; and the patricians be- came almost the sole proprietors of the soil. The current of slavery thus flowed on, enlarging its channel as it advanced, until it brought Rome into theconditiontowhichithadreducedGreeceand the Oriental world centuries before. T h e Italy of Vairo andof Cicero resembled;the Greeceof Poljbius, Carthage on the eve of its fall, or Asia ashere be found, according to the author, to the pro- »*m*hipCom- w&Jeonndenceonttaspeedytransit. ThenobleKingtothelandrenewed. posalofcertainslavehokersintheUnitedStates,VUm Company also maintatn* an Emigrant Jkcooaunodatloc Use, by which partlea emigrating westward enjoy a cheap and •oanfortablemode of conveyance a t ene-half the first-class rates ef tare. J. L . ELLieTT^Paasenger Agent, No. 1 Astor House .1EECH k.Co., Freight Agents, No.1AstorHouse,andNo.1South-WlllUm-st.MoDONALD it BISCHOFF, Emigrant Agents,No. t Battery-plaee.ENOCH LEWIS,GeneralSop't ARoona,P»."NEW-YORK AND HARLEM RAILROAD.FARE TO ALBANY $2.On and after MONDAY. June 25, I860, Trains will leave 26th-st Station. New York, as follows:For WliHamsbridge andallwayStations,7:40,11a,m.andIs it not so, Cavour ?Roar, cannon-mouths!—proclaim, installThe King of us all!...ry.Grave he rides through the Florence gateway,Clenchinghisfaceintocalm,toimmureHisstruggling.hearttallithalfdisappears. If he relaxed for a moment, straightwayHe would break out into passionate tears—• ,who would invoke the aid of France in theirschemes of secession, and allow their cities andStatestobeoccupiedbyFrenchgarrisons. ShouldFrance listen to such proposals, she would nata-rallyBendtroopsfittedtobearthetropicalheatsoftheslavecoast—-themalariousregionsofLouisianaand South Carolina. Such' are the Zouaves and found by Alexander. . . .u live, King of us all!"Pisaishere,andLivornoishere,OnthisKing"ofusall.-then,carewastakentofeedthemwell,likeother ligentreaders,andtoamplyrewardthemforits Passingoverseveralimportantancieutnations, valuabledomesticanimals. AlterthetimeofCato, perueal,howeverwidelytheymaydissentfromthe. • -Grave! A good man 's ever the graverFor bearing a nation's trust secure:And Ae, he thinks of the Heart, beside, Which broke for Italy, failing to save her,And pining away by Oporto's tide. Is it not so, Cavour?of whose relations to slavery the volume presents the breeding of slaves became more general. One reasoning of the author. *'•/ 'V .vi.That he thinks of'his vow on that royal pull, This King of us all?vn. Flowers,flowers,fromtheflowerycity!Such iimocent thanks for a deed so pure.As, melting away for joy into-flowers, The nation invites him to enter his Pitti,And eveimore reign in this Florence of ours. Isitnot so,Cavour?Hell stand where the reptiles were used to crawl, This King of us all.vra.Grave, as the manner of noble men ig—The deed unfinished will weigh on the doer:And, baring his head to those crape-vailed flags, He bowsto the grief of the South and Venice.—Let'B riddle the last of the yellow to rugs, And swear by Cavaurphysicians, architects, readers, and amanuenses. Under the reign of the Caesars, slavery began to be reduced to legal forms and an organized system. Augustusmodifiedtosomeextenttheharshtreat-which has rendered hia name famous. One of our picture dealers, has received four paintings from Mr. C . Frere,whohasanambitiontobeknown on this side oftheocean. Tbeaubj^-cteoftwoofthemaresimilar totboee-whichtheelderFrerehasrenderedwithsuch exquiaite tenderness and skillful treatment, but the method Of the younger artist is «vholly different, a n d ;NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE. SATURDAY, AUGUST 18, 1860.XX)B CAUFOBNUL via FANAMA.-A first AHEW DISCOVERY! . the merchants and artificers, the formers and quence of the; modern slave market. When, at tected by foreigners tni barbarians. The slave-ART ITEMS.»twelveyearsinEurope,thegrtaterpariofwhichbeKBS «>» tbe saoae principle^ Applied only at No. 25 Bond-st, tuary of the gods and before the power of the law. speedir> swallowed up in an abyss of degradation. of serfs and slaves, were without a spark of loveN. Y^Descriptive pamphlets grstk LADEBS1 DEP ARTMENT attended.by a lady. . , . - . . f.REMEDY for RHEUMA TISM,.BRONCHITIS,>nd CUTANEOUS DI8EASES -CARROLL'S MEDl-CATED, SULPHUR and. IODINE VAPOR BATHS, No. 35Blcecker-st., between Broadway and Bowery, established 1821, caste, cultivatabg the fields' with their own, hands, development of domesticV slavery, Greece passed when Alaric appeared before Rdime; rriore than celebrated for their health renovating properties, for beanllfylbaid Boftening the >klp, and for being most skilfully admlni*ter<but chiefly onthepublicworksand monumentsofyouranswertothesaidcomplaintonthesubscriber,atbisj thatdistinguishedthecitiesoftheNile. Allthe and;slaverywaBalmostanaccidentalelementinvice ; and if you fail to answer the said complaint within the timea*Bear Barday-st., New-York. ' C. W .PERVEffi, Agent aforesaid, the plaintiff in this action will take judgment against weie slaves. Jn ancient Egypt, slavery was, in more a commercial emporium, slaves were import-Freight and Ticket Offiee No. » 9 Bzoadway.creasing interest the.stages of the political struggle in the American Union—sympathizing deeply with those who, though they cannot hope to effect an im- mediate cure, yet seek to arrest the growth of the fatal disorder. * iSla^erj is as fatal to society, as are the Southern and tropical swamps to human hie. And as material cul- ture drains the marshes, clears the foreete, and renders thesoilproductiveandtheairhealthy:soinlikeman- ner, will moral aad social culture yet make the institu- tions of this Republic rich and refulgent—unblighted by the presence of a slave!l»sl5a.so.—Express forAlbany, Troy,Saratoga, SharonMrfnge, Niagara Falls, Lake Oeorge, Lebanon Spring*, and LakeMahopac>> Connecting U An>any with N Y. a R .K . for SharonBprisga,Niagara Falls,andallplacesWest. Alsowith train* answerthecomplaintinthisaction,whichwastiledintheoffice forSaratogaandallpointaNorth. 8:15a.m.—For CrotonFallain this action will apply to the Court for the relief demanded X " DUNKIRK EXPRESS at 1 a. as., for Dunkirk, XoftOe in the complaint..—Dated July 19, I860.host ef slaves into Rome from Africa, from Sicily, struggles, as the consequence of a* inevitable his- and from Spain. From that time, habits of luxurytorical law.people was renowned, gave rise among them to thebe forced back to where it was left by theimmortal ex- pounders of Southern instinct and intuition on slavery, those noble patriots—Henry, Laurens, Was aington, Jefferson,.Masou, Randolph, and a host of other cjreat namee—now foresworn by tbeir political descendants. To conceal the vulture that is devouring their vitals, the fanatical upholders of slavery pervert and degrade ail that humanity, morality, civilization and historyBwaiidafgus. and prjboclpal Stations.MAIL at 8:15 a. mu.'for Dunkirk and intermediate Stations,A l l Train remains over night a t Elnalra.. W A Y at3:4» p. m., forMlddletowa, Newbarsn. and fattermedlNIGHT EXPRESa. dotty, at 6 p. JBU. for Duajdrk, Rnffaio, w«nanda,!goa>. and prmefpa} Stations. The train of Saturday stoptat all aaau train sratfona. and ran* only to Eimtca.CHAR MINOT. genemj SnyUTAGGARD fc PINKNEY,great dispatch by W M . BORDEN, Agent. Nee. TO and 71 West-st.The dust of our torment far and wide to thee Went up, dark'ning thy royal soul."Was it not so, Cavour ?That the King was sad for the people in thrall,This King of usall.'; 'H .King, we cried to theei—Strong in replying, Thywordandswordsprangrapidandsure, Cleaving our way to a nation's place,0tfirst soldier of Italy, crying Nowgrateful,exultant,welookinthyface.Isitnotso,CayourV"That Freedom's first soldier, the freed should callFirst King of them all?HI.This is our beautiful Italy's birthday: GeneiouB souls, whether many o r fewer,tion of slaves produced frequent and terrible re-volts throughout che whole period of her history.The fragments which remain of her annals aboundwith accounts of these fearful tragedies. A tlength, the slave-holding rulers were forced to sus-tain a hired soldiery as a defense against the ene-mywithintheirowndoors,intrustingthesecurityof their homes to a motley crowd of foreign mer-cenaries.Thehirelingsoldieryattimesunited yeomanrybecamemoreiandmore.active.Thein-.Freedomgoeshandinhandwithreason,knowledge,effectessentialinalandscapecomposition.ButTHE PENNSYLVANIAC E N T R A L R A I L R O A D GREA T DOUBLE-TRACK ROUTE.1QOfYU Ulands were turned into sheep.pastures, with slavesas shepherds. In the course of the sixth century States, though it does fail on slave plantations, orgreat metropolis of the N e w World under ite most favorable external aspects, and exhibits ite exuber- ant commercial wealth and maritime greatness, with-\ eapacfty of the Rood is now equal to any in the country. THE dREAT 8HORT LINE TOTHE WEST.Office No. 1 Astor House, oomer of Vesey-at. FaeOitle*fcrttetransportationofPassengerstoandfromCin •fanatl,.Chicago, St. Louis, St. Pan! Nashville, Memphis, New-Orleans, and all other towns in the West, North-west, sad South. . are unaujpassed for speed and comfort b y any route.JThroughtrainsfortheWesHeave'New-York(footofCourt landt-st.)—MorningExpress,7a.m.;EvenintExpress,6p.as.- Bleeping and smoking-cars on aO trains.Fare always ae Jew , and the time aa aulck, as b y anyg y this routa Freight* of all descriptions c a n b e forwarded t e and frosn any point en the Railroad* of Ohio. Kentucky, Indiana, mfnola, WUconsin, Iowa, or Missouri, B Y RAILROAD D I- BJCCT, or to any port -nth* navigable rivers of the West, byst—iriers from Pittsburgh.The rate* of Freight to and from any paint of the West by fbefrom the founding of the city, the antagonism be-tween the free rural laborer and the slave reachedagreathight. Thestruggleforlifeanddeathbe-tween the large slaveholders and the free-labor sal suffrage and self-government; and only genuine central object, and yet preserve the picturesquepeasants,,^;agricu}tnrists, and. yepmen,>who- eithershackles; the republics perished^^STMfuture residence. Mr. Page hrmgr with him from Italy, we learn, several picturea which he painted in Rome, and some copies of Titian?, which were regar%d as marvels of reproduction when they wer© exhibited by tbe' side of^: theorlg&al* ft^mwhkh^ey wel?© cop- ied; Thelast greai work hecompletedinSomewasowned their homestead, or ^rented it from, a higherpletely.accomplished, when, under the exuberantready; at anymoment, to join the invaders. Thus,or by hired laborers; but chattel or d^mes^c. slaves from tbe rule^ of 'Macedon> to.,&at. .of''.B^OK^A^A).forty thousand slaves gathered'beneath his banners.T H E G R E A T E N G L I S H R E M E D Y f o r G O U T w e r e u n k n o w n . T h e , s ^ v e r y w h i c h e x i s t e d J u s m a l l b o d y o f f r e e c i t i z e n s BOW r u l e d , i m m e n s eT h e p r o g r e s s r b f / S l a v e r y i s f u r t h e r t r a c e d i n t h i s:volume,;tfiroug^nth^ mediaeval na-and RHEUMATISM.—All sufferers from the above oem- Egypt was not an intrinsic element of society, but mafcseo of slaves. During the, time of Cicero, al< nlainta, either of recent or long standing, gwei ad»ised to'asehis painting of Mores sustained by Aaron and HUT. ^dta*e^adtoga-4t^n«rMetwn<»«,' at 4 p.a». (Sundays relied upon a*the most safe<tnd ef><-tn»l reraedy »ver offered the national activity, but an atonement for social aod single slaveholder, who also ownejl other estates the universal"iaw"' of-TustoryT In discussingthe This picture, which had elicited the biglieat com-public, and have been nni'v^mally o««d in Europe for many yearsfor the above complaint*.' Price, 85 and 75 innw per box. Pre- personal crime. Egyptian slaves consisted of in different parts of Greece. The normal economy of subject, however,- the author by no means adoptspared by PROUT it HARSANT, No. 229 Strand London, En- 1gland, and s«ld b y their agent, MIL TON HARS J.NT. "No. 58 prisoners of war, in early times, of strangers..who society was thus destroyed, and the depopulation an abstract, scholastic method; his arguments are i — ^ S & L - ^ 2^2** CATALINK. Capt. W o . A. Vail, will Bro-d-^y: «x.d by T- CHA^I BERS. NO. 577 Hadsoa-st; Mrs.ia «o»a«ctioa~ with ta» Hooaatocdo Rylto>ad_ T i ^ Z Z !I* *?*^? ^5!?«»»_«rt*taifa_ttm«to conn««try,withnolegalclaimtohospitality,jandof slaveryenervatedthenation,madeitaneasyprey; theintellect,but,constantlyinvokesthesenseof children who were paid astribute by conquered to foreign conquest, and converted theonce great justice; and applies the deductions of historicalresearchtoj^^i^xm^^^^^^^^jj^^^ prob- lems of the present day.; The analogy between, Blavery in the past, and., slavery;; in the United States is earnestly insisted on, and the conclusionTOWG ISLAND BAJlVBOiJ).~Tr»in»leaYi J U South , Biooklyn, for Ghnwaport at 10a.rn.aad 3:30 f.«.; North 3:30 and 5:35 p. m.; Syaaaet, lam..^ r j — 1-*"*"*^°^ lOWm., !*•»., 4, A:*0, «»d 5-Jt5 ;Jaaoaicn.lOa. aa.. 12 m.. 4 . 4:30. 6:35. « d *:46 p . m .1\AY BOATforWEST POINT*CORNWALL,,X-^ 8EWBURGH, MILTON, and POUOHKEEPS1E—The at**njboat ALl DA wffl i«aT» Jay-at. Pier DAILY, at 8:30 a. w.andjbriUliant Grecianworld into a corrupt,and loathsome mass. J- . ;T\AY BOAT for ALBANY and INTERMEDI- A L A T » LANDlNCMS.--SteaBB«r A R M E N I A l«*v«a Harrlaon- *.every MONDAY, WEDNESDAY, and FRIDAY at7 a.m, •cameeaag at Albany with tntna to Saratoga and the West.reduced to personal slavery. Slaves of every kind TheUlaves at that time, as a rule, were kindlyreaders a n idea of the tone of eloquent expostula- tion which pervades the volume, though not of the extensive erudition, by which it is sustained:'S. BRUNDY, Attorney for Petitioner, je2 lawlCwS • Oxford, Chenango Co.HAYES, No.17Fnltonet;, Brooklyn, andbyallDraggiata were,thrownbyaccidentontheshoresofthecoun- ofGreecewentonwithrapidatrides. Domestic urgedVvithimpwsiohedforce;henotonlyaddressesHexMajesty's Comioissioners have authorized the mmennd ad- dress ©f~"THOMAS_PROUT, N o . 229 Strand, London," to b e impressed\ nopout the Government ttsmp amzed to each box of the genuine medicine.%t%a\ Notices:BY order of the Hon. DWIGHT H . CLARKE,County Judge o f Chenango County, notice i s hereby p u b - hahedofnn order requiring all the creditors of ALFRED H . RACE of Greene, In said county, an Insolvent debtor, to show eanse, If any they have, before the naid County Judge, at his •ffice in the Town oi Oxford, in the County of Chenanro afore- said, on the firot day of September, I860, at 10 o'clock in the fore- noon of that day, why an assignment of the ssid insolvent's es- tate should n o t b e made. and.he b e discharged from his debts, according t o the provisions o f t h e statute " concerning voluntary assignments nade pursuant to the application of an insolvent and his creditors.—Dated May 29. I860.LOGG, WILLIAM L . COAN, and JOSEPH HENDERSON,Raflroada. partners under the-firm of C. 0 . KELLOGG & Co.—Summons of tbe same father. Slaves worked in the _mines patedin the sacrifices and worship of the gods...countries. They were alltheproperty ofthePharaohs, who employed them in various ways,distributed ,them to their oflicials, sold, them totheir subjects of different castes, or to domestic Roman Republic,.the number of slaves was com-During the first three or four centuries of, the.and foreign traffickers. Egyptians condemned for paratively limited. At the census made in the maintained that "slavery always corrupts the^might be manumitted, and in that case, shared intreated; there were originally few, if any, womenall the civil rights of theEgyptians. Children bornaflMM CHARLESH.KELLOGG againatCHARLESD.KEL- sharedtheinheritancewithtielegitimateoffspring took'theirmealswiththeirmasters,andpartici-; luxuriantinthosenationswheresocietywasmostdis- Mr.Schauajsuoceededinpickingupaconsiderable-(Sundayshe ear* ofJRate gOc Fwdght taken.fc Co., U 3 South rt. for a money demand o n contract. (Com. n o t served.) T o t h eorganized,just &s noxious animals and plants multiply in, putrefaction and rottenness. Facte reveal to us how f a r t h e d i s o r d e r h a s a l r e a d y p e n e t r a t e d S o u t h e r n l i f e ; audit would progress even more rapidly wereitnotfor thepurifyingandheahnginfluences(feeblethoughthey now be) coming from the North.number offineworks of art of the modern French and German schools, which -will be exhibited a t his gallery i n B r o a d w a y o n t h e i r a r r i v a l .—Mr.I.CrawfordThorn,sonofthe.sculptor,?who ia now a pupil of Edouard Frere, near Paris, muaibe working .very induatrioualy; ae he aendaoutapicture1 nearlyevery week. Moatof them,however, axe tofill orders which he carried from New-York: The last onereceivedfromhimiaattheCrayonGallery,and indicates great improvement in hla manner. It ia called tbe " Fir8t Lei-aon," the aubject of it being a young peasant girl teaching a young child to read. Likehiamaater,hepaintsbispicturesdirectlyfrom nature.—Mr. Gignoux ia almost the sole ropreaentative of the whole brood of landsoapiata who nidify in Tenth strpet studios, that remains at hia easel,P^R NEWARK and BERGEN POINT.—The moned and required to answer the complaint in this action, a-^>^«*ff^lsOMAS P.WAYleavesPier 20N.Rl,foot ot Pey-at^atlOja.m.and4jp.m..dafly.luoludiagSondaya.d e f e n d a n t s a b o v e n a m e d , a n d e a c h o f t h e m : Y o u a r e h e r e b y s u m -a n d : w e r e e m p l o y e d i n e v e r y k i n d o f h a r d l a b o r ,L a b o r w a s n o t o n l y a h i g h d i s t i n c t i o n , b u t w a s 1evendeemedtopossessacertaipsacredcharacter;days after the service thereof, exclusive of the day of such ser- servants about the palace, sanctuary, and villa dometstio affairs. But as Rome became more and The civilized Christian world foUo\va. with ever-in-copyofwhichIsherewithserved-uponyou,andtoserveacopyoffice, N^. 33 Pine street, i n the City of New-Y ork, within twentythe 20th day ef July, 1860. CHARLESN.EMERSON,Plaintiff'sAttorney,Fromasurveyofthewholecourseofherhistory, ofslaveswascomparativelysmallevenattheCarlosS.Sherman,GeorgeB.Holly,BeujaminT.Adams,Robt. Cark, and Thomas E . Lowe—Summons for relief—To above- named Defendants: Y on are hereby summoned and, required tothebasisofherdomesticandnationaleconomy,and scribedonthemusterlist; whiletherewerenoadministrativedisordersintheseStates,istobefoundin the struggles occasioned by the arrogant and ever-lastingencroachmentsonlibertyandontheUnion,by createsacoolatmospheretherebyworkingonalargo themilitantworshippersofslavery. Tocurethesedis-AgH law6wS.•' /Plaintiff's Attorney.become the general center of commerce, foreign X PORT and F ALL RIVER—The splendid and soperlot KING VICTOR EMANUEL ENTERING FLO- slaves contstituted a large majority of the popula-"EX>R BOSTON and PROVIDENCE, viaNEW-Frcm The Independent.• •steamer METROPOLIS, Capt Brown, leaves New-York even TUESDAY, THURSDAY, and SATURDAY, at S o'clock p.5^'i5iS?J^l]P1*?^2,EtC*PtvBr»7t<m' onMONBAtWEDNESDAY, and FRIDAY, at 5 o>olookp.«., from Pier Ha. t, N. R.Hereafter n e rooms will be regarded as secured to any apnft •antuntUthesameshallhavebeenpaidfor.Freight to Boston la forwarded through wit an Express FMgbt Tr*tn.•RENCE, APRIL,-1860.' i.tion of her cities, especially of Bybbs, Tyre,and Sidon, andin this wayslavery gradually erept from tbe market and the household into agricul-The slave-orators a n d"that no one ia tbe South believe*in popular sovereign-ty." This unbelief is natural enough; for popular New-York, from the moat comprehensive and sovereignty canonly existinintelligent,orderlyandthe 8trictefct sense, limited' to the household. T twasnotuntil thelaststagesofEgyptianhistorythat political slavery, or what is called oriental Thus twenty thousand Carthaginian prisoners oftheofficeoitheClerkoftheCityandCountyofNew-Yorkon- despotism,becamelusedwithdomesticslavery. Regulusweresoldintoslavery.Stillthenumberwas not intertwined with her social, political, and intellectuallife.fewer than 770,000 Romans, with their Italian allies,fitlormilitaryduty.oftheClerkoftheCityandCountyofNew-York, athitofficeiu the City Hall, in the City of New-York, on the lSth day ofJuly,1860,andtoseiveacopyofyouranswertothesaidcom-plaint, on the subscribers, at their office, N o . 17, Nassau-st., insaid city, within twenty days after the service of tb.ii summons of Egypt, we find, at an early period, the institu- Roman citizens were sold into slavery; but the on yon, exclusive of the day of such service; and if you fail toAlpineacepewhichhei8paintingtoorder. —Mr.GeorgeL.Brownhaecompletedhialarge picture representing a view of New-York and the Bay, and it ia now on view at the Gallery corner of Broad- way and Eighth street. Tbe canvas la about ten feetby six, and the view, taken from me bluff in front of Mr. St >ven'a houae, a t Hoboken, takes in the wholes scope of the vision from the neighborhood of Thirtieth atreet down toward Sandy Hook, including Jersey City, Long Island, and Staten Island. Thetime is mid- summer, with the sun about an hour above the horizon, bursting through the vapors taat have surrounded him, and the whole scene, is filled with the glowing light which he sheds upon it. Aa a panoramic view of•enneettngat Oolden's Bridge with Stages for Lake Waccabac nssdaiCroten Falls, with Stage* for Lake Mahopec 4:30p.mFor Dover Plains, eo> nectlng a t Oolden's Bridge with Stages for -lake Waeeeboe. and .at Creton FaRs with 8tama for Lake Mahopae. JOHN BURCrUJLUAsriat. Sop'tXfEW-YORK *n4 ERBs RAILROAD.- answer the said complaint within the time aforesaid, the plaintiff. tions of slavery and the slave-trade among theWith thevictories ofHannibal,thousandsof,order8i the growth of the disease—ita expansion over, *yetuninfectedTerritories—mintbestopped:suchmust be the first step in a sanitary direction; and the para-InstrikingcontrastwiththepeacefulcivilizationPhoenicians, and their land the scene of bloodyThe commercial spirit for which thistraffic in slaves, of which, it is highly probable, of the effeminate Romans.they were the originators. After Phoenicia hadAt length Rome became a mart for slaves, n o tinferior t o Carthage, Corinth, Athens, o r Syracuse.The slav ;-market was superintended by t h e cediles.The vender was obliged tohang a scroll around theneckoftheslave,containing a descriptionofhischaracter anda warranty, of his good health.With the growth of slavery, agriculture fell into adegraded state. The yeomanry had been deprivedof their little homesteads by war. The arablehave recognized as sacred.,tending parties were sold by tens of thousands into slavery,consistingchieflyofthesmallfreeholders, operatives, artisans, and indeed free workmen ofthe author has aimed rather to preserve the spirit andBLOOD FOOD! BLOOD FOOD! BLOOD than wealth and appropriateness of illustration. more and more an integral element of the social ited their estates. . • translation. The character of the work is strictly Europa..* Boston Liverpool......Aug.23 i,JOHN O . STERNS Superintendent.MtbuaL^° J K«?ff"rinK froxn Coneuinption, incipient or confirmed, or With characteristic earnestness of conviction, the policy of the Greeks, until at the epoch between The seeds of ruin were thus planted in the scientific, but the clearness of statement, and variety Persia...••••••New-York .Liverpool Aug.25 New-York;......Liverpool. .,...Awg.»5fironrdeMnty of any kind,or from mental ornervous prostration broughtonbiPericlesandthebeginningoftheMacedonianwars, the number of slaves in Athens and Attica wasEdinburgh..... ofillustration,whichdiatihguishitscontents,iemi- KarnakBoston.New-YorkNew-YorkH«wX«kNew- Y ork... <...Uamborg...... Sept. 1der consoxu engender coxlUhle xexhed medicinesI t is brought out in the neat typographicalGlfgov,..,Ldverpool......Sept. 1EVERY Woman who suffers from IrrWularitiee' Should•;_«*» Dr. MARTINPS CATAMENIAL COR-KJFCTOR. which is without exceptionTBE^ BEST MEDICINE BEFORE T H E PUBLIC-.;.-.1for all dl*ea»essjd«lngfromIrregolsri«-»a. Chropieor Nervpus we find a highly developed society and nation, with Debility.PsJpitstionoftheHaert.VeftigoorDtoiues*,?»!« apoliticalexistenceofmanycenturies,butwithout to the Kidney*. P«dns in the smell of the Back, V^a* ander theBOOKS RECEIVED.ministration. At length, the whole property in Old Mackinaw; or,theFortress of^Uie Lakes and it; Surround- Etna....TO ARRIVE. i Llverpool....,...New-York.....Auf., 7. , Galway.. Boston........Aug.,T,tRapacioustaxation, the fruit of the imperial despotism which was origi- radical social disease, and the parent of a nu- nearly doubled, but without anything like a pro- nated by the slaveholders, forced into the clutchesauthorengagesinthedevelopmentofasystem,, which, in his view, is at once an evidence ofnently adapt it for use aa a text-book, or for popularEtna.......New-Y ork.......Boulders, Lowne** of Spirita. Languor and Nervousness goner. domestic glavery as an integral institution. In the sale of slaves was conducted very much in the houses, and slaves; were concentrated in the hands The Anatomyiund Phyiiiology^f the Plucenta. By John O'Reilly, Glasgow........LlYerpoot.......New.ybrk...*.A»g..a««eUy, DifncoltorSnppreseedMenstraation.ltc,?rfee*tret»Jl*1&P«bottkKOT^SSSS^S^i ForsalebyMessrs.Barnesatpark,andF.C.W^ustCo..New-York r at retail bydrutfgista ««*e »U {- p g j^ygg.H e u s e . V W B W j i ^ M w T A j ^Mess-EsAjfTC PJCrmfeX, Ko. JWMsinrsi., Peeghkeep-to.M..D. 8vo. pp. 112 , Hall. Clayton it Co. remainsofthehighestcivilizationofEgypt,which namewayasitnowisinRichmondandNew-ofafewmagnates,whoownedanenormousniim- Sanders'sAnalyticalDefintrandHigherSpeller. ByJoshuaC.Sanders,A.M.12mb.pp.288. Clark,Austin,Mayuaid,NorthAnioricu. Arabia Cityo/Baltimore yanderbiltLiverpool. Liverpool Liverpool.Quebec.......Aug-O Boston ..Aug. 15 NewYork,":.;".Aug.,15'-.-«mi:•,:';-, J$S 1 <••• 'fi*#Wfil»**»i>*^ -****«•<.••<>•••••• -'•'• cVc..«.'«among them; they were regarded lessfinal conquest of Carthage and of Sicily brought a mount duty of self-preservation now commands its adoption. This whole question of slavery too, mustwere combined with contempt for labor; and a newdemand arose for slaves to minister to the wantsDuring the predominance of slavery and the de- cay of the Roman republic, the slaves were treated with a cruelty which history blushes to record, and which even now cannot be called to mind withoutwoman would frequently nurse several babes,tion of Greece, and especially of Athens.. With Slaves were used for all purposes in the household or action—events having furninhed m e more tuan one occasion toa profound analysis, we come down to more recentpicturea, which have been recently received here from times, and will rapidly glance at the social condi- while their mothers were otherwise employed. ent," never had even the slightest inllut-nce upon m y convictions Paris. Charles Frere ia a son of the dietmguishedsacrificetoprinciple vome leavesofmy existence. Inowuse genre painter, EdouardFrere,and,judgingfromthe, the growth of commerce, Athens became the seat of the wealthy Roman. They performed the high- my right of American cittzensnip in voting the "Republican" worka he bus sent here, we should say he was entitledticket, t h e tendencies and actions o l that organization satisfyingand locus of .domestic slavery, and in the course of est as well as the basest labors; they were even my convictions. But excepting some few personal friends, the to take rank with hia father in the aame line of artcenturies almost all trades, as well as mining andagriculture were carried on by slaves. The Stateused them in public works, sometimes to row theshipsw Thegreatest numberwere employed towork the mills and mines of Attica. About the ment of the slaves. .He abolished the custom of learning from the University of Michigan, in whichtime of the Persian wars the slaves nowhere out- j branding their cheeks with a hot iron, and ordered institution the editor ia protest or of the Latinlanguage.numbered the freemen. Before the invasion of instead that they should wear metallic collars. It The text of the edition is an accurate reprint of that of bears evidence <>t hia having been a pupil of Couture,NEW PUBLICATIONS, wagedwithalltheviolenceofafamilyfeud, spread greatpartofhisfortuneinthecivilwars,and yet INTRODUCTORY COURSE OF NATURAL PHILOSO- PHY. By WIIAIAM G. PKCK, M. A. 12mo. pp. 480. A. S,GUROWSKt ON SLAVERY.SLAVERY IN HISTORY. By ADAM GUIIOWSKI. 12mo. pp. 260. A . B . Burdick.ThetestimonyofhistoryinregardtothesocialThe elementary work of M. Ganot, in which the of our own artiste. essential features of his celebrated larger treatise ondesolation, impoverishment, carnage, and slavery, left by will a.bove 4,000 chattels; EliusProclus had over Greece. Captives made by each of the con- 2,000 slaves able to bear arms on his estates inBarnes it Burr.Liguria; Scaurus, a wealthy senator, owned morePhysicsarepresentedinareducedform,hasbeen tillers; under Nero, half of Africa was owned by adopted aa the baaia of the present volume, althoughthan4,000chattels,exclusiveofshepherdsandMovcmcnrs otOcean TO DEPART.Steamers.T FO*'' -Liverpool......Ang. 18bosomoftheRomanState.,..Galway.,.*....A«<.28 Liverpool.., Aug. 80 Bremen... I... .Sept. 1for their country; tb^yjhad no^ interest in niam-{ hae[spent^^mRoniel;re*arn«d to ^ew7Jbrk in thVTer- sia on Wednesday,will probably make thia city hisso-calledstatesmenavouchBut an ignorant and d» graded, population of oligarchs,oppressors, and slave-breeders never were capable ofexercising popular sovereignty, and consequently no- ent, the picture is admirable. It presents the where could they ever have faith in it: barbariansgenerally mistrust civilization. Universal suffrage ianot a failure in the villages and townships of the Freeamong a so-called free populaiion drilled and led by out interfering with the grand features of naturalhavetheirluminousandtheirgloomyepochs. Igno- withitsfcpireaandlevellinesofhouses,forma'the rant and debased masses throw a shadow over univer-* What in common politics is called a 'party," " a n expedi-leaders of the party, whether in this city, the State, or tlie Union, are scarcely known tameeven by name.AhighlycreditableofferingtothecauseofclassicalJahn; the notes are selected from the best commenta- Orje of,trem te sin «<ld pedant At ing in hia lonely attic tors on the .ffineid, including Heyne, Wagner, Thiel, ea'.iiif; hie roup, ujud tbe other a young peasant girl Forbiger, Ladewig, and Bryce; frequeit references foLdiing her iiret ii.iuui. Thebo picturea are imbuedlaborforthe rest ofherlife; ifshehadfour,she aremadetothestandardauthoritiesonLatingrammar, with atenderfeeling;andthoughtheaubjeotsareof'became wholly free. The slave traffic was thewealthiest of commercial cities, and the Athenians , most lucrative branch of commerce during the Ram8horn; while an admirable selection of illustrativeAfter the Persian war, Athens became thea conquering nation, and by each of these circum- whole period of the Roman empire. The slave- cuts has been made from the best sources, giving a and heroes, because they contain that touch of natureholders rapidly became more degraded even than lively representation of ancient usages, arte, costumes,the beginning of the Peloponnesian war, the free their chattels. The number of slaves owned by utensils, and implements of war. This latter feature, picturea are equal in merit aa indicatiug executive,stances the number of slaves w as increased. A twhich makea the whole world kin. The other twoespecially Andrews and Stoddard, Zumpt, Madvig, and the homelicet character, they appeal aa forcibly to the htart aa though they represented the aorrowe of saintsreference.of the capitalist the small remains of free soil and urgently insisted on aa an essential feature of a good VanderbUt..IntheslavemartsofAthensandCorinth,the theRomanworld,thecountry,thecity,thelands, ings. ByWP.Strickland. Wmo.pp404.IJamesCh-,1- Parana,Orleans. Theproceedingsoftheauctioneersand herofcolonists,bondmen,serfs,andchattels.traces have been found in the regalar national and traders exhibited the same features as at the pres- Domestic slavery thus took posseBsion of Rome, Bracebrid«» HalL J B y Geoffrey Crayon, Gent. Author's Re- Nova Scotia.............Liverpool ...Quebec......-An*. 11serve as records of the condition of the people, nodomestic economy, of agricultural or industrial ent day. The eulogies of the capacities of able- and became the master of tVat proud nation. The: fThe New American Cyclopaedia, Edited by George Ripley and Africa..................Liverpool........New-York... i.Aug. w ,,labor which could have been performed by slaves.bodied men, the piquant descriptions of the attrac- tions of the women, the trickB to conceal bodily d e f e c t s , w e r e b u t c l a s s i c a l a n t i c i p a t i o n s o f i t h e e l d -place of the generous and patriotic citizen was usurped by a promiscuous throng of slave-owners,q b ^ B «5 DnDaA i0!- X ; J«nuialem-Alacferr£n. 8vo. Jura.. v.....'.,',......... Liverpool »••*••• -New»York • ^"Aug^T;^ . pp. 788, vlii. D. Appleton & Co. ———.;'.................Galway';..'..«'....New*YotkV.»•>***>!Vj?^Thecomprising, the princes, the priests, the soldiers,;Southampton ....New-York..;.Aug. 22 ........Quebeo..• •••»Augf :w^,jNorth Briton.C a n a d a . . . ponemlan.............vL^erpool........-^WW^M...7.-.-^. . , Bremen., .Southampton..,.^«w-Ycjk.t«»o«f*. JIfyi&j&l..'.-•<. MttKifcma,'/#:>'? >::0WW&-K}wholepopulationw a sdivided intocastes,Pudney & aussell.W o o d s a n d W a t e r s ; o r , t h e S a r a n a o s a n d R a c k e tStreet. 12mo. PP.345. M. Doolady.'.'i;.vB y A l f r e d B ..Liverpool..,.«. . . . L i v e r p o o l < B o s t o n , . . . A u g . J * „,aii'Uf.iyi<i !&&*& hifsdi >«..!:;;... f, .::/.<';i5 -•.;.;') '-<^:ir.i -':*iyWfr-b-M •'/.•'-'.,,''. ,.:;.'..,,;• i. , , . - •."• '-'.•',:.{•• ,, • • •".-.. • . . , , , , . . .I •. , ' , , .. . •.. ..L f]^*oj?"^ffity&N^,' i:,.A.tHO vm^Mrnt*;$SWN$Untitled Document•MyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069'•HB&. . ...•* , ...,, ,.., :\...r/„.«•ti-er.rs l a v e - d r i v e r s , a n d s l a v e t r a d e r s .R o m e w a s p r o -Sc Co. *vi*«3Ed. 12mo. pp 465. G.P. Putnam..8oothampton....New-York.;...A««MS •,:..Tbe Linton Family. By Sarah H. Biadford. 12mo. pp.820. Fulton........*which the bay and the river constantly pres-ia difficult to give an actual view in which a busy city,.New- Y ork...... /Havre •.•••«... Aag. 18•>•••••.•••••.Bo*)t03t......»...X<tverpool..«...8eptW •New-York.......*.......Southampton....New-York....Aug. 8 ,4' www.fultonhistory.com 