 »•Millionsofbottlesarenow saed everyyearInthe United The Cooper Institute Union services will conunuo to- their spiritual director, or their physician. They should. Slates for children teething, with never falling suecess. Be-Hisrrtoads'aadthoseofha^5"ar?a the funeral, at one o'clock, aa nrtychuri*,!AT McLBr, Ato»BOADWAT-THB sTBW Envelope,cha-aAT94W-DOCBLBSOLIWATKBPaOOF_ Beeto, at JONBB , K/and 12 Ann street; also to 9 4 calfdram K.i-OaO andseeAOSTWT8' ORDKnfi FOB THB WgW WOTgLTT aurw Dollar Hewing uachtoea coly supplied from tbewtw icaut. orriiTB, ta BBOAPWAT. ATBTarnDBLL-B-THBOBAJ09IBLOSSOMWa7M)lJH>sfarJ-SE? Fork.AcABD-THEOBRUTESTIKPROrnnrjrrAfYn-nriD ta dentistry. I)r LKTOTT'S patent A ttorartificialteeth Dr.Beese.ta to 1 "Manyofhtoti•Heals— lawnwkbacakherto rmawstasbto." Tbn shorn bmailhwaithe patentee has retained New York aad vicinityfor h a own ptaozea. Application- must Ibaofisii a s i Dr. LRTVBTT, Ho. 12 Wavertoy place, soar Broadway.AS HFlfDBBD8 OF PKRSO.VS IK THIS CTTThave adopted too Johnson Patent Oas Burner ilater combined, are ready to testify ui toe Itheir use of them, their sua bills having been reduced froml to 40 per coat, while tbar light baa been Inni assail, all serosa- interested In reduemf their enormous gaa blUt should loreett p u e this important improvement at the office o f the»here every opportunity to afloroed to tr&tfcfoilr invus real math. Hundreds a r e sold eaflr to thosemade the moat searching taveeucauon. The propi__ one thousand dollars if they toil in any rnstanor to prove Iacta, at tM Broadway.BRIDOKWATKR PAIBT—FOB BOOF8, OTJTaTDC work, wood or brisk; decks of atoameie. Iron work, rail- road tbridsea, Ac.; villas and churches: drabs aad stone colors. See specimens at depot, No. 72 Maiden laneHICKS A BBTTg, Agonto.BB.DTKB,237 BBOADWAT,At junction of Broadway, Ftfta avenue and Twenty-thirdat.(Opposite Fifth Avenue Hotel.) Agent for*The Collegiate Reformedhave appropriated $1,500 to aid the purchase of the North Sixth street church, Williamsburg, and help to place it on agood pecuniary footing.SICKLT TIME.It u true there is much stoksess. and oven those w h o hava noeougliorthroataffection,arenottarobuahealth. atmotphericAl cause* of sWaoaaViri sanitary press •he entirely prevent. They are connected wan eoU.and climate. But one means is able lo mitigate aad awe to soon restore health, and that a a tow doses of BR AN DBETH'S Vegetab-e Universal PUie, or their eoaeentrauoo. toe Lite Ad- dition Pills They relieve the circulation, prevent tbe oo toe tton of crudities, and ail actual danger, and the health la ooon restored in a n improved eondaton.Bold at 294 Canal street, at No. 4 Union square, at 25 coats a box, and by all druggistsTO THEPUBLIC.Wf. LKE'S SCHIEDAM SCHNAFPg,A medietaal dtot drtak, of eaxtoeutl y sal utary quaitaes. taaaa.facturedby himself exclaWTOly.MhU factory u i Holland.Itto made frem the bast barley that can be irope, with the eaeenee of an aromaiio liaaao oerr>. of i ledged end extraordinary medtenaai properties, i t h e i aicee acquired a aigber reputation, both to Europe aad rtea, than any other diuretic beverage.In gravel, gout and rheiimattam. to obstructions of theeer and kidneys, and in renera. debility a« effect* are promt*. decidedandtovaitoblyranahlt. Aadittor these matadtoa, but, to ail eases inwaieo .taeya-w i"CONSUMTTION.as If setetoaiy startled by theenemy's ^••'?*SiT t ^ m i M1aad toe "•>* one pMatcri iraalF « . bead te bftod hhjh to '•*,•*•rider. , rerotauen of h a rider•d jiipwifttaf o y a n . _^rtcbt heed,'oJtart !«• oou * *•*••**£%*?£_ ofTiihoailMfi p* " ^ y *STJbtoMmsword, to bto M gof wthtmatVfztRk«awonw"aaasa"sattaitfizfEWtol»te*d btroMldttoa-s h e C t o s s r e P s C o a s t o e a t a ] QBS*BTta,_^saoteattaaaral'aCoattoaatAl «»*""^J J 1Mmrflo'atosk.i f Hammond street, corner o fWaverky place, the 1ST. Ltoyd Winslow of Western New.• i_ —~•_ khia»tk>heuait *rHaeaoytser "tv. , to , a *aa^aaaa»H7jJ>3ak, haWa. Ax,n•_soty g S r i'?!——. — 4fto the readerrttorr,madeapartofthewhtehactwas duly rabmtttod toUnited States, as by the otgaafc set to .not to this day been disapproved, and -still the tow of the land; and, third, because at tbe time thethat a natatory force should be placedHeeorved. That General Harney, having placedamJhnsryforceuponssMadand,wouldhavebeen recreanttohatrusthadbefailedtosupportItwithoil tbe power at nte command, when it was threatened with aaKinrkbyaforeignnationResolved, That, baring the fullest eoandeaae in oar titletotheisland,oarrightshouldbetnemtaiaedatall hazard.Importaat NewsT. There ta no prohibition to a w eggs, batter or cheese provided the rules of quantity proscribed by the fast be complied with.8. The church excuses from the obligation of fasting (but notof abstinence from ilesh meat, except to special oasesofsicknessorthelike),thefollowingclassesofper-rons—1st.theinarm. Sd,thosewhose dutiesareofan exhauatingorlaboriouscharacter;3d,personswhoare only attaining their growth; 4th. women in pregnancy or nursinginfants:6th,thesewhoareenfeebledbyoldage.But these persons should be persuaded on just grounds thattheyareentitledtoexemption fromtheprecept—so that notobserving itmay give no offence to their own consciences, nor scandal to their neighbor. Forth* pur pose,iftheyhavesaydoubt,theywffl dowelltoconsult*hst of Uataa square will * * S C ! l | S S »_CTton before b i nThe epecretor at Uoton « » ^ J ^ W Z £ T £' day ro»tow; tartY ork, wffl preach this evening. aad naif past seven o'atosk.Services half past tenversa! PflJe: if toe pata of swallow atx mere N t o .to the throat arebat It is the purgaOon watoh is to beBrasdwtt's PUie drive out the dtosaos fromth.' twosay'spurgationwhothemcures. Thaistoo soentreliabletocurethisooiiinasss lbs tootnosltabtovet been able to euro. Audi onafterthediseasetosaidtobarsbeaneuted,but lbs euro waa effected by BrandretiYs PillaBoldat284Canalstreet,atNo.4Onionsquare,at26 box, and by all dragnato._ Syrstp.aa aa the aaay may of * • * 5 . " 2 2 r t 2_. icaa armies m tie- - • __ t,M ., utm lenitf of see Asaevwa-eM atki of » tempestuoua winter mor«rThe New Jerusalem church (Swedenboratan) will hold publicworshipthismorningatGotdbeck'sMusicBaa,765 Broadway,athalf-pastteno'clock.Before the Mew York Yoaag Man's Ciristieu Astocia ttom, TheBar.JohnCottonSmithwfflpreachtothe ChurchoftheAscension, Fifthavenue,cornerofTenth street, this evening; services commanning at half-past mven o'clock.J"*-"«,- S!lT^S^mt2l'v"tJtuainstasttuteaasaeaworktofart.there .t~JmLonittet«fopinion butwedaresaythati ^nfiT-T^iTaaiH^'"^*»«•****«"»*•aadpronounced i i iiViTir--- upontheJackaooautoe,bythe *-^^ir2Zhmm<s* ta froat of the Whit* Houee, 5""r2Za^« leal MrMiUawillreceivetorthaWaab- 7 * - VitT ""• sum of ftfty taoueand dollara-the tea ZmdMrnn approprated b y (degress t-vday being ieudter c**itogea« ezpaMW, tocludtog the expeoae*»f tie New York Seventh regiment, which the jotat com •MMofCongressinteadtoInvitetoaanatintheHEWS FS01I THE PACIFIC. ArrivaloftheCaliforniaOrerlaad •all.MAUAIT'SSuxim, Feb. II, IMS. IkeOaVaralaor-rlaadstalletage-rsasedherethai arVraooa,bringingtberugntoraewadeapatchfromSan/raaflasotoaoocafthe37thultimo,andtelegraphica4 T*ea,riaFerbaofhiFarry,upto6P.M.ofthe«th.rightfullyAlarge meeting washeld to Santa Claraonthe38th,togive expression to the public feeling created by the con-cased cloning of the New Abaadec quicksilver mines.Essolutiona were passed declaring that the injunction, ifbeg continued, would destroy the business energies oftoe eeeetry, and impair the mining interests throughout- arrived here to-day. lbs Btate.The ship Union, from New York for New Orleans,was totally wrecked on Gingerbread Shoals on the 3d inst Her cargo w a s mostly saved, b u t ta a damaged state. Her crew and thirteen passengers were saved, and takenResoratjoas have passed bath branches of the Legialatare asking Congress to establish a dally overland mail,ia» urging a restoration of the ocean mail service be-tween Sau Francisco and New York to the state of efficien- to Nassau. Tbe wreckers had stripped and burned the cy which prevailed when the mails were carried by theFictftc Mail SteamAip CompanyThe congregation formerly worshipping at 187 Bowery its teaching. The speaker stated that these meetings Were ternoon at two o'clock, without further notice. The re-a resolution has been introduced ta the Assembly de- claring that miners in quicksilver hold the same relations to the government as the gold miners do, and on thaia cargo of ice,was wrecked on the 2d inst, on LittleIsaacs. T h e wreckers had saved h e r rigging and sails. Her crew were also saved.tag, commencing a t half-past o'clock.threea a dhalf pastjunctioas which now prevent operations in the N ew Al- sseiaa quicksilver mtaea.The question of a division, of the State hasbeen under the special order for Feb. 2A bin has also been introduced for a law compelling theciosmg of bazaars and saloons, andother places of traffic,Holy Trinity, at Brooklyn.months and 6 days.The friends and acquaintances of the family arc respecton the Sabbath. Strong petitions, extensively signed, Brownsville, Texas, advices to the 9th lust are receiv-were in circulation urging Ms passage ed, hnportant unpublished disclosures had been made a sGovernor Weller has published a letter denouncing the to the complicity of tbe Mexican authorities with Corte- proposition to bring on the election of a successor to nas, which, it wasbelieved, would decide the question oftssator 6wm this winter, a year in advance of theproper time, as a contemplated fraud on the people, The Virginia, Democratic State Conven-East Thirty sixth street, this (Sunday) afternoon, at half- to the length of four hours, the preachers attending by past one o'clock. Her remains will be taken to Cavalryaad of a most infamous character. Tbe indications are that the scheme which h a s never been sumsiently mature.: to justify even action upon it, will b e abandoned.t i o n .RieawKrD, Feb. 18,1860.The Convention broke u p in a row at about two o'clock this morning, without announcing t h e vote o n t h e resolu-Utev Mr Raywasinstalled pastor over the Congrega tiojnal church and society of White River village, Vermont, on the 7th instciscoforJapanonthe 24th. to obtain cargoes of fancygoods and other pro-iactions of that country, such ashave recently sold here at enormous pro Jts. Some skil-ful designers accompanied the Page with the put without arnvine at any satisfactory conclusion, has justrian church, Kensington, Philadelphia, died on Wednes-day morning, February 15, in the seventy-first year of h isage. F o r nearly half a century thtt devoted servant ofGod has labored patiently and hopefully ta his sacredcalling, and by the purity of his life, excellent teachingsand example has accomplished great results for good withthe people of that district He was emphatically of tbeancient regime of clergymen of the class to which the lateIT Meyers and Or. McDowell—now living,ta his eightiethyear—belonged, always at their post of duty, through"summer's heat and winter's cold;" ever active and speaker and his family, and remarked, with tearspose of furnishing Japanese mechanics or artistswith moaeU after wt.cn to manufacture articles,better designed for th e American market, th e object beingto get tbe advantage of Japanese skill ta execution farthe manufacture of articles of furniture, k c , after plansdesigned by Americans. High hopes are indulged thatsuch employment of Japanese labor will prove vastly profitable,aadresult n introducinginto commonuseta ported. thai country many useful fixtures of household furnitureready to respond to any call in behalf of suffering humanity Atthe dedication of the new church edifice, recently erected by the people of his charge, Mr. Chandler,inhissermon,statedthatduringhisministry ta that neighoorbood, since 1814, b e had performed fune- ral services at the burial of over five thousand persons. and united ta marriage over three thousand six hundred couples.MISCKLLAKK0r8.A meeting was held In Boston on the 14th inst of delegates from the several dntrict conferences, when a report was made b y a committee previously appointed o f a con- stitution for the organisation of a State Conference, tbe basisofrepresentationtobetwoclergymenandthree laymen from each Dwtnct Conference. T h e report w a s discussed and adopted b y t h e meeting, a n d then recom- mended for adoption b y th e General Conference. A com- mittee was appointed to invite the several district confe recces to meet on the second Tuesday of September, to complete t h e organ nation.The friends of the family are respectfully invited to at- in her eyes, "would they also send away the white tend the funeral, which will take place from 168 Pearlof exqesaw taste, beauty a n d of moderate costThe Bev. Mr. Gable and tody wished to go to Japan as ajMsmtisries by one of the vessels named. but the charter parties refused to take them as passengers, on the plea that their presence In that country as lesebsrs of a aew rebgtoe might lead to trouble and hinder commercial opeIke a e w woollen factory in San FranctBeo is in r&ioperation, amptoytag eighty operatrrea, and turning oat one hoadred aadJUty btonketa dally.A concurrent resolution paaaed botb houses of the Le- gWatare on the 37th, appointing a joint committee to re etrte propoaaJs for the permanent removal of tbe Stats capital from Sacramento to San Francisco or Oakland.The steamer Pacific arrived on the 38th, with Oregon datestotheltth,andBritish Colombiadatestothe34th Apartyhadbeendespatchedby thecitizens ofPorttoad, Oregon, to explain and report concerning the Simll. kamea goA mines. The accounts from then mines con Untie to be of an exciting character.Reynold s new story will have an Immense aato, aad ail i The friends and relatives are respectfully invited to at- desire to »ecure the tale pnmptate abouto buy the *fUf*a>A*fThe Britiah ship ^ea Nymph arrived at Vancouver onthe ttth, with a targe number of passengers, after avoyage of three hundred and thirty days from England. matter. The Regiment—speaking authoritatively—feelsions.A letter from S t Louis says toe Roman Catholics have by far the most church property there and are more nu- merous than any other one denomination. It is said that their church seminary and charity property in that city, which Is not taxed, is worth $20,000,000.ner, with whom he was once travelling, and who re- marked, that the slave could not take care of himself. "Why," observed Mr. Foote, "cannot your own children take care or themselves»"After Mr. Foote finished speaking, several other gentle- men occupied the attention of those present Some aero listened to with attention and others, one ta particular,The relatives and friends of the family are respectfullyInvited to attend the funeral this (Sunday) afternoon, at one Is the only remedy for consumption sad all kinds sj50' v>er ooal. drooping coffee, lower, Bio seking at Use Provaaons a r e firmer. Clear pork sella at * n for barrets and $9 M for halves; mess, *16 M and$8MX Bacon, lie a 13*c Butter andiardandReligions Intelligence,CITY CHFHCHIS.Tbe laat sermon of Rev. Dr.Cahili, previous to his departnre from New York, will be at St. Mary's church, Wil- hams are unchanged. French brandies are active and liamsburg, this evening B e will preach on '•Predestina-.domestic spirits firm. B a w sugars a r e inactive, b a thigher prises are sakeit by holders, crashed baa droopedback to 12%c and refiners to 12\c. Quite a competitionamong holders of coffee sprang op on tbe 17th, and soondBio advanced to i»c., ana 600 bags of extra Java sold at Tbe fourth of the series of sermons before tbe Young M £ c other articles a r e unchanged.SHlPriKG nmCLIOEXCE.Armed January 26th, ship Black Hawk from Nee)Y ork, J3d,ship Btondell,from Liverpool, 26th, steamer finoora, from Paearnsflailed January 24th, bark What Cheer and schooner Bsge, tar Jaaen; 3ath, ship Grace Gordon, for GnUao; Mtb, Bnnah steamer F . 1 Ward, tor Uverpool. 27th, stupe Reuben, tor Bong Kong, and Tankman, for Callao.THB n«C1810>! OF TH1 CAUFOfHlA COOtT IN T O MSW AJJtAOKM CjCICKSUuTXtt »1XK CA9I—D«F»C«Of aw. SABHST, rrc.Winsiautua, Fib. 18, ISsUNew Ortonas papers of the 14th mat. reached bare to cut days and three hour* thai afternoon, with news from Tbe g m o f the information than received from••Bkj*BstationtotheNewYorkB a r r y ' a T r l e o p h e r o u »eheapeat article for aieta'ng, beautifying, eleeaataz. curling, preservisgandrestoringthehair. Ladies,trya boldfeyall druggisu.Batrbelor's Hair Dye,Wigaad ToapeeTbe»atejadicaaltoeerminingtatereeta byere-of toahng has bean inslhaiH by Ctora•anatheeeryaaJtorer,althoughPI11ATOTUKVIRGINIACONFXBENCK.A correspondent of the Petersburg saawua, writing fromSouthamptoncounty,Va.,says—LastSunday,two largeandinffTrf1***1 churches,tothecountyofAocoraac, formerly belongingtotbePhiladelphiaConference,bya unanimous vote, placed themselves under tbe supervision of tbepreachertochargeof the Btatrffle Circuitofthesaw:From tbe The, 3 TM ^ n u » J « - " * - *TM*> «S- seveno'ctoek——-- ^ ^StLOC»,fab.18,MM. McManue andMr.JamesP. Hickman,Amortday.Bev.MatthewHaleSmithwfflpreachathalfpasthowever,cherishtheinteriorspiritofthisholyseason, haftBBWesxtosaadasrtato.Onlyzacentsabottle.Mr.cans, who have Just arrived ta this city fromtonA.M.aadhalfpastthreeP.M. Rev.HenryGrattan Guinness, of Ireland, wffl preach at half-past seven P .Mthesameasiftheywereabletocomplywiththeexteriorobservance of fasting andmortification, a spirit of sor- Slager's row and compunction for sin, a spirit of prayer and re- tailors, and allon foottoinducethe Legislature to place on the plains of Talamanty on the 18th, ThD i e d .ALLO—On Friday, Feb. 17, at the residence of his son,taGreenpotat,CHABLBBT. ALLBU, aged 82 years and 6 mouths.The relatives s a d friends of tbe family are respectfully invited to attend hto funeral, from the residence of hto son-in-law,JamesLBoadrop,No.14Columbiastreet,this (Sunday) afternoon, a t three o'clock, without further in -Vmeretheseatof(rovernmentfrom Sacramento taSan Fraausoo. Considerable alarm w a s fell on this account at (be former place, but tbe probabilities of removal woresmall.Liberalsweredefeated,with thelossofforty-fivemen. The authorities o f t h e capital, In conjunction with t h e Americans, had tent lo Fort Davis (br United States troops;but,receiving no relief,the Americans'tofttbeGOBSra tsM ttERVBsMlOB WOsMWly Wr*Dr. Armitage, pastor of the Norfolk street Baptist collection. This is the duty of all, aad without thisthe are capable of dotagbyreportamoatdeplorableconditionof aflairsintheState Mot only the American bat the entire foreign population navebeanexpelledfromthecountry,andtheirproperty confiscated. TbeStateisBOWbeing overran byacon •SderableforceofthechurchpartyunderDomingo Casen,united with tore hundred oesperadowi pardoned out of prawn by Miramon. A desperate battle bad takenfast itself would b e rejected b y God.Tbe public religious exercises daring Lent, tbe churchesofthecity,tocommeuce eacheveningatseveno'clock, will be —OnMonday,totheChurchoftbeNativityaadAssump- tion (German), and f t Michaels.On Tuesday, in S t Jamas', St. Joseph's, St Vincent de Paul'B(French),aadHolyCroat.OnWednesday, atSt Peter's,MostHoly Redeemer's (German;, St. Francis Assissium, St. Francis Xavier's, St Anne's, and Annunciation, Manhattanville.On Thursday, ta tbe Cathedral, S t Andrew's, 8t. Ste §hen's,St. Colnmba's,St.Bridget's,St Alphonsusandt. Laurence, YorkvUle.On Friday, St. Mary's, Transfiguration, S t Nicholas,Most Holy Redeemer, Immaculate Conception, B V. M , andSt.Boniface(German).than any machine InMajorPhelps, o fWashington.Theychurch, will preach this afternoon a t throe o'clock, to UnionChapel,cornerofBroadwayandThirty-ninthstreet. "Death, And a Life After Death." A series of discourses onthesesubjectswillbecommenced byBev.MosesBal- lonintheBtoeckerstreetUaiversalist church,thiseven- tag,athalf-pastseveno'clock. RevE.G.Brookspreachestathemorningathalfpastteno'clock.Before the First Independent Society, Hope Chapel, No. ?» Broadway, Bev. Samuel Longfellow, of Brooklyn, willdiscourseatbah*pastteno'clockA.M.Bishop Snow, of Mount Zion Catholic church, will preachta Union Buildings, 163 Bowery, to day, at three and half-ma n . a nNews fromLOSS OF THB SHITS UNION AND ASHLAND—3TATEOFTHE MARIET3.N sw OKLSAKS, Feb. 18. i860.Tbe steamer Habana, from Havana, on the latumst,Services ta Knickerbocker Hall, corner of Twenty thirdstreet and Eighth avenue, by the Protestant Episcopalchurch, are regularly held every Sunday, at half-past ten to be nvetted the tighter. God did not command Moses Brumby, aged 2 months.hull.The ship Ashland, from Boston for N e w Orleans, withGeneral Auctioneers.Orders received for saiea of Household Furniture atRev. Dr.ground asking Congress to procure the removal of the in- 9 i,c a 9iia. The stock was40,000 boxes, against 80,000 accept the call recently tendered by the Church of theBusiness at Havana w a s dull. Sugar w a s steady atdecidedtoat the corresponding period laat year.Exchange on London was 13>» per cent premium,andon New York 2>» per sent. Freights were dullNews from tJrownavllle. Tezavs. Nsw OEXSAKS, Feb. 17, I860The weaker points had been tried before—now the Malakoft should be stormed: it might take a long time, but thework would be accomplished. Another reason for preach-ing the Gospel by ant; slavery men was the eradicatingof heathenism from the midst of the South. There weretwo sorts of Christians there. In the North there are, nodoubt, some noble man, who, if they got drunk but onceor so a month, and gave a quarter to the church, thoaghtthemselves all right; the other class satisfied their reli rick and Thomas Handy, are respectfully invited to at- gious scruples by attending church, shedding tears and tend the funeral from the residence of her father,178The dipper ship b o o Quixotte sails to morrow for China,taking one hundred parsengers and twenty five thousand tion that It is inexpedient to declare a particular pre herdstown, Va , and Rev. H Mathews, pastor of theCRAWFORD.—Died, ta full confidence of her Christian faith, on Friday evening, of congestion of lungs, Mrs.Mexican dollarsTbe barks What Cheer and Page sailed from San Fran-adjourned until 4 P . M. Possibly this evening some har- monious result will be effected.Railroad Aeccldent.CumoASD, Bob. 18, 1860.The Lake, Snore express train, while running slowly near Fairview yesterday afternoon, -was run into by a locomotive from behind. The passenger cars were badly smashed, but noserious injury tothe passengers was re-irime Diameter.Noarout, Feb. 18,1860The Spanish brig Victoria, from Cardenas for Baltimore, with molasses, went asfaote at Wicomico, ChesapeakeBay, on tbe 14th m at and bilged and filled. Assistance has been sent from here to her.•alllas; of Use Martin Brtton. POBTIASD, Feb. 18, I860ThesteamshipNorthBrttonsailedto-dayat480,with sixty passengers and a full cargo, for Liverpool.Southern Oeean Steamer Movement*. SAVASBAH, Feb. 17, 1860.The mail steamship Star of the South arrived at the wharf a t three o'clock this afternoon.SAVASXAB, Feb. 17,1860. The screw steamship Potomac, of Cromwell's line, fromNew York, arrived on Thursday, 16th inst A ll well.The Visit oftheNational Guard to Wash, lagrtom.In regard to the invitation extended to the Seventh Regiment, National Guard, by tbe joint committee of tbe National Legislature, to visit Washington on Wednesday next, on the occasion of the inauguration of Mills' statue of Washington, no definite action has been taken in thesigned their posts. DKATH3The relatives and friends of the family are invited to attend the funeral on Monday morning at ten o'clock, atherlateresidence,66EastBroadway.DRSMOSD.—On Saturuay, February 18, E m m DBMOITD,wile of Timothy Desmond, ta the 36th year of her.age. The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend her funeral on Monday, between the hours of twelve and one o'clock, from h e r Late residence,No. 122 Henry streetBoston papers please copy.IrwTBR.—On Friday, Feb. 17,at eleven o'clock A. M ,Fii7iH»Tn EIJAX. oniy daughter of Martin and Ann Dwyer. aged 7 years. 2 months and 22 days.folks*" The work must go on; the church should street, this (Sunday) afternoon, precisely at two o'clock.ferenee for any manfor President, butpledging support to the nominee. This morning it was announced that the votewasnotyetcounted,andamotion ispendingtotake thevoteagain. TheConvention a nowquarrellingabout the method of calling the roll and points ot order.RICHMOVD. Feb. 18—2 P. M. Tbe Convention, amid much noise a n d confusion, a n dXWW TOK BMtLALB,8WTDAT, JmOJAkZl9> M a °pastseveno'clockP.M.,on"TheApproaching DoomofA M i providing tor the erection of a State building at city, leaving a million of dollars worth of property to the Fallen Christendom and the World, and the Glorious King- THE MONTHLY CONCERT OF PRAYER FOR THB EN- vitation. The remains will be taken to Dutchess countySacramentohadbeanintroducedtotheSenate > Mi Crandall.an extensive stage manager, was abosAeparchaain^ one hundred and twenty stage horses for the nassrvdleandSaltLakemallroute.mercies ofthe robbers. COMB, at thehead of one thou- sand men, was marching on the capital. The liberals were friendly to tbe Americans, batwere totally unable toaffordthemanyprotection.domChrististoUsherIn."The Rev. Sidney A. Corey will preach ta Trenor Hall,corner of Broadway and Thirty fourth street, to-day, at halfpasttenA.M.andhalfpastseveno'clockP.M.Rev. Antoinette Brown Blackwell will preach at Gold- beck'a Music Hall, 766 Broadway, at half past seven o'clock thai evening.8LAYXD AT DR.CREEVKR'8 CHURCH. Themonthlyconcertforprayer fortheenslavedwas hold ta theChurch of the Puritans, corner of Fifteenthtor intermentFarewell! thou artgone, never to return.- Havana.tertheusualprayer wasdelivered, read from Exodus, chap. v.,after which headdressed theaudienceta afew words, referring to slavery among the Egyptians, the command to Moses, and God'sjudgment on Pharaoh. Ho said the papers had published much from the fact that a few slaves, at a meeting held in one of the Carolines, had denounced the cause of the abolitionists here North, as having injured them (the slaves) and caused their chainsmonths and 3 days.Tbe friends ofthe family, andthose of bis uncle, An.thony T. Gallagher, are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from No. 140 Nassau street, Brooklyn, this ( s u n day) afternoon, a t one o'clock.TheBritiafaColumbiaSteamNavigation Company have highlythehonorextendedtothem.butthenoticehasbeenJtepeeed to make the necessary improvements on the so short, and the expense so great—$10.000—to carry outsamaoonver theprogrammeofarrangemenuofthecommittee,thatitfortynewsermonsayearduringapastorateofhalfathumb-screw,therevolverandthelash.ThegentlemanSAN FEANCI9C0 MARKETS.The market continue* rather inactive, though not quiet,century.The American Tract Society has in thirty-four years issued nearly 15,000,000 volumes, 185,000,000 tracts, a n d more than 60.000,000 copies of the im^rv.-as Messenger ami Child's Paper. The society has now in commission 4SH5colporteurs, of whom 236 are laboring ta the South- ern and Southwestern States. It appropriates annually about $15,000 ta cash to aid the press at mission and other foreign 8 atioos, and distributes gratuitously about $50,000 worth of publication*.was very soon interrupted in the recital of his suffering for thepoor negro by oneof the members, who stated that as time w as precious, and there were others .and strangers to be heard, no lengthy speeches should be toleratedDuring the latter part of the proceedings Mr. Balm againtriedtogettheattentionofthemeeting, butwas prevented by an apparent movement to adjourn, and he very reluctantly toon hisseal. A collection waa taken up for the anli slavery cause, after announcing that these meetings would be held on the second Monday of every month.Drawings of the Delaware Btate Lotte- ries. WOOD, MDDT A CO., Managersyet remains for the Board of Officers of the Seventh Regi-ment to take tbesense of the Regiment on tbe proposed heveaKttts are watched with interest, and a dwpasiuon is invitation and visit. To this end a mass meeting of the rraesd among a f e w parties t o speculate, b a t this feeling Reg-meat will take place to-morrow a t nine o'clock A. M , I tearr r •ir 1, aa any ill founded lailatlon would work ml*- at the tower Arsenal, corner of White and Elm streets, chat 1/ the market be left to itself it will recover in the when the vote of the Regiment will be taken on the sub •Brag, butshipments from New York must be kept ject Further than this no definite plan of arrangementsmoderate to attain each a reenit, Tbe changes hat been agreed upon. in the market are as follows —Candles weak-F. F.HEWITT'S 315Froadwag.In Minnesota there a r echurches (ten of which were organized during the year 18(0), twenty N. S. and fourteen O. S. Presbyterian, be- sides, perhaps, a greater number of Baptist and Metho- dists. There are probably n o t torn than a hundred and fifty Evangelical churches there at the present time,and several important posts are destitute.The pastor of tbe Congregational church in Gilead, Me., halfpastteaA.M.andhalfpastsevenP.M. onSundaylast,tackledhishorsetothesleigh,tookIn some butter and eggs and a lot of tin ware, and started forGorham,N.H.,about ten milesdistant,todttposeoftion and Free Will."The Rev. Dr. Hardenbergh will preach ta the church atthe corner of Madtoon and Gouverneur streets, to-day, atMen s Association of tbe Central Presbyterton church, in Broome street, between Elm and Marion streets, will b e delivered by the Rev C. 3.Joaes, of tbe Manners' church. thtt evening, a t half-past seven o'clock.The Rev E. F. Remington will preach to Caivary Free church, in Pearl street, near Concord, Brooklyn, this evening. Service commence at naif peat seven o'clock. Subject—"The Gospel the power of God unto salvationRer. S. Remington will deliver his sixth lecture on the Cburcheeof Asia, ta the Mount Olivet Baptist church, cor nc ofSixth avenue aadForty first street, this morning, at half past ten o'clock, and at the close of the lectureHe will asm preach to the evening at seventhe former and have tbe latter mended. Arriving there, be was much astonished to learn, as he offered bis pro- duce for tale, that it waa Sunday. It was with some diffi- culty that he wasconvinced of thefact. But, upon com- ing to the conclusion that it was Sunday, he said he would return and preach to his congregation ta the afternoon.The North church, ta Newbury port, Mass., has contri buted more than one hundred and sixty thousand dollars ta aid of the Theological Institution in Andover. The pro- fessorshipsnowfilledbytheBev.Messrs.Sheddand Phelps were established by members of this religious so ciety.Herring's Patent Champion Fireand burglar proof Sa/ea. Stt Broadway, corner of Murray meet. New Tors-InStAnn'schurch,Bar.ThomasGellaudet, rector, iof Feb IS. It rmcibiil New Orleans am Eighteenth street, near Fifth avenue, aorrtoe for deafOttlee4S9Broadway,cornerofBroomestreet. dated.Thefriendsandrelativesofthefamilyarerespect'Jryhusband 37 Cherry street, this (Sunday) afternoon, at two S n ^ ^ " ^ ^ 1 " * ^ ' »****"• ^jtoievsasB'ftta!of t h * l ^ . exhibiting a neglect of two days inforwardingtoNew York.Tbe moat important Mem set forwarded from MaUoy"a •totton is the decsndn of Judge McAlhster, of the Dtotnct Conn,totheHawArfnasengwckclverMmeesse,mta wef tbe United Stoles, ofwhich tbeAnnmutes at three P M. for others willing to promote their welfare at half past ten A. M., tad half-past seven P. M The Rev Dr. Hawks, rector of Calvary church, will preachto theeveningo'clock, without further notice.Boamot'x.—In this city,onFriday,Feb.17,MARTIJBB.-rmri.daughterofWm.B McKutcheon,andwifeofJo- seph Bobtdoux, aged 36 years, 10 months and 22 daysTherelativessadfriendsof tbefamilyare Jjroapoctruiiy,invitedtoattendthefuneralthis(Suaday) •"* twoo'clock,at48Sullivanstreet,withoutfurthernonce.Montreal and Quebec papers please copy_STRTmum-In Brooklyn?*"StAwsayaawatag, rao i* atfiveo'clock,MARYAis,wifeofJamesStephens,6 ^Ly .e *r ^i *** "^iw-aAs of the family are requested todam tehaapt- a eoeaeqasaUy in great eeaaaad Ibrpevwoao to tar sacaaa of sepnort by tbe injunction,and far tiewbeto Btateaafattend the f" ^B ^) « r\e^D oo0 7aUwo o'clock.**»• ttrett' ***SZnwenr Feb.18.attenmmut,sbeforer * * y ° C * T | J ' * * ^ By thearrival we have one week'si%*heandsnsttatwtS'** tbeinjeicfton.Ifactaleatherwiabdrawtbeaatt. ^'"*.attatfsataaeveno'etocfc,! use of to the idototryofUntitled Document. 5 ? *boat and cheapes•£!at."o-iiaaoeti*to-aTug/.nte.Depot«**Broadway.TbeSecondIniversalist Ssatoty,Dr.Sawyer,pastor,worships m the Hall of the Historical Society, corner ofSecond aveaue andEleventh street Servtoes to-day, at anxssioNOFTWO CHCBCHES FROM THE PHILADKL-halfpasttenA M,andhah*pastMvenP M.Subjectfor the morning—• If tbe righteous scarcely be saved, ax.' In theevening—"TheExtentofSalvationbyChrist""Bath,theWoman,"wfflbothesubjectofthenextdis- courseoftheseries,at theTwentiethstreetTJniversalistTherelativesand.Wf^^AiideBce, No11Bam- M f l Sray'so'clock A. M.and half past seven P. MH Lewis, D. D ., will preach thtt evening.The Rev. Win.to desist from his undertaking: neither would he advise those here to do so. A s this was the oniy slavery case mentioned In the Scriptures, we were bound to act up toThe relatives sadfriends of thefamily are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from the residence of his mother, No. 288 Court street, Brooklyn, this (Sunday) af-have removed to room No. 6, second floor, of Clinton Hall. Services this morning, a t half past t e n o'clock.Mrs. Cora L Y. Hatch has engaged Hope Chapel, T20free, and hoped that all thechurches would Join in them.mains will be taken to Greenwood Cemetery for inter- ment.Broadway, and will speak there tinsafternoon a n deven sevenThefriendsofthefamilyareinvitedtoattendthe fune ral. from the residence of her mother, 349 Spring street, this(Sunday)afternoon,atoneoclock. Berremainswill be taken to Cypress Hills Cemetery.room Mo. 9 Pine street, or at reaneoees. stocks of Oeodd, and every description of outside sales, real or personal tttita cits cr country. Leases obtained of Houses. Stores, A cINYrT A TIONS. Ijttlejohn. of N ew Haven,CABTOS.—On Saturday, Feb. 18, Jofw JOSEPH CAATOS,EVERYBODY CRBB D B OBA TH'S nLBCTBIO OIX.. U » aatoby EARNS* A PARK, Liand U Parkrow.aad anhasThe Third Presbyterian Society, ta the West Division or Chicago, whose pastorate w a s made vacant some months since by the resignation of Rev A. L. Brooks, have ex- tended a call to Rev. Arthur Swasey, of Galena, to be- come their pastor. •>Rev. J. R. Talmage, tote of Greenbush. N.Y.,has accepted a call to tbe Dutch Reformed church m Chit-tenaago.Rev. John T Colt, o f Albion, N . Y h a s received a call from the Park Presbyterian Society, of Newark, N. J.DutehChurcho fN s wY orkfortyo r moreCongregationalPSLAWAAE, GaOaSIA, IMTCMr ASP MISSOUKI STATS LOTTSJUS3.DziawARi—RXTSA Cuss, No. S3. FEBRHART IS, 1880.72, 32, 4, 60, 42, 11, 29, 5, 2ti, 28, 67, 24. DZIAWAKB—Class No.81,FaaacAKT is,1S60.32, 46, 75, 58, 43. 44. 11. 74. 62, 48, 33, 39,66. Circulars sent free o f charge b r add re—tagWOOD, BDDY A CO., Wilmington, Delaware,ZONTSTBT.The following missionaries sailed from Boston February13, ta the bark Smyrnlote for China. They are destinedas follows:—Bev Mr. Thompson and wife, Mas Beach a n dMiss Crawford, for the Nestorian mission; Bev.Mr. Armsand wife, th e Northern Armenian mission; Rev. Mr. Gossand Dr. Goodale and wife, for the Southern ArmenianMission.MasMason, fortheSyrianMission,tobecon-nectedwiththeschoolon Mount Lebanon. Theygooutunder the auspices of the American Board of Foreign Mis- the word of God. B e related an anecdote of a Mr. Faulk-Sold every wheie.417 Broome street, one door west of Broadway.LORD W ABD'8WOBCBSTBBSHrBB 8AUOB, from tbeoriginal recipe of that dietingmated nrhiniin, aadpronouncedbyconnotateoretobetbeoniygoodsauce. SoldbyallUrocers and fruit dealerm. Tfhnlneshi by. GEO H. BARRETT Dealer ta sptoai, A c , sB Broad street, N . T .PROGRESS VERSUS ROUTINEQCBBU'8 COD LIVBB OIL JXLLT, Paten ed Augua 30,1869,It is said that the late Rev. David T Kimball, of Ips- not so well received. This was a Mr. Balm—as w e un wich, Mam , has toft more than,two thousand sermons derstood his name—who, at the start, got on his usual fully written out ta a plain hand. B e most hare averaged high horse, and styled the system of slavery that of theo clock, from the residence of his parents, No. 189 Monroe street. Tbe remains will be taken to Greenwood for in torment.KKXNY.—On Friday, Feb. 17, MARGARET DELIA, daughter of Michael and Catharine Kenny, aged 1 year, 10 months and 28 days.The relatives and friends of the family, also those or her uncles,Patrick, Sen., Patrick, Jr., John and Law- rence Deianey, arerespectfully invited to attend the funeral, from the residence of her parents, No. 417 East Tenth street, this (Sunday) afternoon, atone o'clock.MAILLARD —On Friday, Feb 17, ADOLPBUST. MAIU.ABD, aged 36 years, 3 months and 11 days.His friends are respectfully invited to attend the fune- ral, from St. Stephen's church, corner of Chrystie and Broome streets, this (Sunday) afternoon, at half pasttwo o'clock.MZLVULB On Thursday, Feb.16, thebelovedson of James and Louise Melville, aged 11 months and b diys.MORRIS—On Friday, Feb 17, MARGARET MORRU, of con sumption, ta the 44th year of her age.The friends and relatives of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, this (Sunday) afternoon, at tw o o'clock, from the residence of her brother in- law, John Ginty, No.266 Seventh avenue Her remains will be taken to Greenwood*sametery for intermentMcGriuAX.—On Friday, Feb. 17, STLVBSTER McGnoAS, son of Terence McGuigan, aged 19 years, 2 months and 24 days.Tbe friends and relatives of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, this (Sunday) afternoon, at three o clock, from tbe residence of his father, No M North First street, Williamsburg.MiI'ZKM'TT—On Saturday morning, Feb.18, of con- sumption, PATRICK MrDnaoTT, native of the county L ei- trim, Ireland, ta the 3-d year of his age.eougha. It Is twice more enteeetoua than the liquid oft. Also,QCERU'P JELLIFIED CASTOR OIL (nalentedj Tobehadofthetoventor,138Fourthaveaue,aadallrs tabledruggaisPKNFOLD,PABKJERAZtOWBB,to1EMU. street, wholesale iPREMIUM WEDDINGAND VISITING CARD8 atTbe Tallahassee Fiaridian says, that tbe Bev. James Halloa's Patent** Improved FrenchPeeler has jutt returned to that oily, having sold the pa- tent right of his plough and manure distributor,for twelve States, tor thesum oi two hundred and fifty one thousand dollars, ta notes and cash H e has donated two hundred thousand dollars for church purposes, thirty six thousand ofwhicharefortakingscholarshipstacollegesunderthe care ot the Methodist Episcopal Church South, hoping, when he will cease to work and live, young men will be educated for the ministry to btoss the church aad hto country.Thirty thousand dollars were subscribed by citizens of Montgomery, Ato., to the Southern University, during the late vail of Bishops Elliott and Polk. We ahall note with pleasurealltbeevidencesofsucoeasattendingthisgeneral movement.Yoke Salru, made to order only, at i t f Broadway. WOT 1, last.Patented??? ~-2?~2ZmZ * prootoetog grave., etueuu a a d stoae t a S r ^ ^ S t arJeeaScSelied^ Schnapps a an ahaetota• • • ».«Wpja-»street and Union square, on Monday evening last.ThemeetingwaapresidedoverbyMr.GILBZBT,who,af- infantchildorAndrewF.andCatharineButler,aged3shouting. T h e religious meetings South were strung outtaP 1 ^«!kar?BJWCHANDCHIKE8E FAME, SILK "RT8,FAJrOThair Fins and Oon.be, Slides Ac.. Ac., for sale to the vada by HUGHES, DUPDY A CRBHAKUK, 541 Broadway, up stairs.GEO. W.M.BEYKOI.D8IM THB FIELD.THE SUNDA Y MERCURY For to-day, Feb. 18, 1803,Contains the opening Chapters o f a n e w a n d brilliant T ale, entitledTHB ITALIAN ajnOHT,OS, THE QUEEN'S CHAMPION.GEORGE W M REYNOLDS, ESQ.Published »-.y special arrangement with the author.The bare announcement of a new story by the famous Bey -ololdas,iofLondon, hasalready createdgreatexcttoaaeat,aad thboeseef 'who would secure the SUNDAY MERCURY muai an ply at the news depots early on Bunday morning.GEORGEW.M REYNOLD'SNEW STORY THE SUNDAY MERCURYor TO-oar Contains the opening chapters ofTHE ITALIAN KPIOHT; OR,THE QUEEN'S CHAMPION. A ftomanee of the Hrrte-eith CenturyByGEOROBW.M.BBYNOLD8.zToo,, Authoroftne"MysteriesoftbeCourtofTnadrm."as.turns, and theoocgragaton doing the same, going ui andoutassuitedtheirconvenience. Thegreatestnoisemazeramong them was then selected to wind up these pro-tracted concerns, by a flaming description of helland an appeal to his bearers, offering them now a chanceto join the church; and so they were made Christiana.Ninety nine out of every hundred, nay, nine hundred andninety-nineoutofeverythousand,saythey intendtoJointhe church, and are thus aatisiied. The speaker relatedtht fact of a Southern minister having killed his slave forreceiving from him an answer thst was not altogetherUnited Presbyterian church, of that town, have both re- pleasant The mtatater knocked him down three times JAITS, widow of the tote Walter Crawford, aged 62 years. with the butt end of bis whip; the third blow was tooFINSTALLATIONS.On theevening of Thursday, Feb. 9, Rev. J. H. Tuttleinfant daughter of Philip A . a n d Sarah M . Coons, aged 6 monthsand 11days.was installed pastor of the Second Universalis! Society, aVCbjcaro.The tuneral will take place from the residence of ber father, corner ot Jefferson street and Bushwick avenue, Brooklyn, this (Sunday) afternoon, at tw o o'clock. The relatives and friends of tbe family are respectfully Invited to attend.RESIGNA TIONS.Rev J. Pi Smeltzer, of the Lutheran church, of ShepIN T H ITheRev GeorgeChandler,pastoroftheFirstPresbyte-much for him—he never rose The speaker felt no doubt thatthey(thepeopleofKentucky) wouldregret theday that tbe missionaries were driven away, if for nothing else, for the intellectual light that was withdrawn Jrom them when they '(the missionaries) left. The speaker eulogized the intellect of the Southern negro, and related the story of '-Aunt Tilda,' a negro woman, whose refine mem of'feeling and intelligence equalled those or any white person near her. H e said that when h is wife took leave olMier s h e wept bitterly, and although she had borne with fortitude separation from her children, who had been soid South, waa infinitely more grieved with parting with theuse all its means to forward it—practice self-denial; If JohnBrown,withhtohandfulof men,strucksuchterror IntotheSouth,whatwouldahundredpreachersdoofthe right stamp- The speaker closed his remarks by asking the question. aptly put, he said, by their opponents: "Why not preach ofslavery where it belongs*'' Forhim self, h e answered that h e would, a n d hoped others would also engage ta the same work.After the close of Mr. Rogers remarks, several gentle- men addressed the meeting. One thought that there were things worse than slavery, worse than death—the dental totheslaveoftheprivilegeofreadingtheBible. He thought that the North itself wasdevoted to slavery, and advised them to clean Uietr hands before they could e x pect to accomplish the good work.New Orleans Picayune and Delta please copy.EARL.—onThursdayafternoon, Feb.16, MART,wifeof John Earl, aged 41 years.Mr. FOOTS then addressed th e meeting, and said that when he beard of John Brown's imprisonment he was on biswaytoCanada;thatbepassed his fingers roundhis own neck and felt It, and thought how sweet It would b etend the funeral, this (Sunday) afternoon,at two o clock, from her late residence, 26 West street.FARLEY —On Friday,Feb. 17,HrGn, son of JOHN FARLEY.H i s f u n e r a l w i l l t a k e p l a c e a t h i s r e s i d e n c e , 1 2 6 G r e e n - wich street, this (Sunday) afternoon a t two o'clock.GRXBWOUX—OnSaturday afternoon, Feb. 18. DASIZLS. GKISwo Li), aged 67 years.The relatives andfriends of the family are Invitedto attend thefuneral, onTuesday morning, at eleven o'clock, from the residence of h a son, C. E. Griswold.No. 827 West Twenty-second street.HAIXIBI rros— In Brooklyn, on Thursday, F eb 16, ta the 13th year of her age, MART Prrss>, eldest daughter of the late James P. Halliburton, of Portsmouth, N. H.Funeralservices at the residence of her aunt,Mrs.Bowne. N o 143 Washington street, corner of High street,MKRCURY tbie morningTbe SUNDAY MERCURY has a larger local etoutottoa thanany other daily or Sunday paper ta .1M P O B T A N T T o T A I L O R S A N D O T H E R S .The GroverABakerItraduced a new aad superior Shuttle n~.i"»t. large sue, bttfs speed,wtthlatestkaprovoaonts,price am. Foraato at<K Broadway,NewYork,aadat182Fultonstreet,Brooklyn.IRREPRESSIBLE COFFLICT ENDED.PERRY '8 Japanese Waterproof Poltoh Ibattle that has alwaya raged between snow or rate water aad leatherBoots are rendered Impervious to water, and the glossnotaffectedbyeventhesaltedstreetsofNewYerk.to be hung with John Brown. He said be had received Brooklyn, on Monday afternoon, at naif past three o'clock.JAPANESE POLISH COMPANY,slaves on the shores of Canada conveyed there by the un- derground railroad; b a d presented them with Bibles o n their arrival, and when they looked up in tua face and confessed they could not read, he saw all the horrors of this damning crime, worse thandeath—thisrighttocutofftheslavefromtbeuseofBeiatives and friends of the family are requested to at- tend without further invitation.HANLO.N—On Friday, Feb. 17, MARGARET HA-TLOH, ta the 46Ui year orherage.Herfriendsandfamilyandthoseofberbrothers,John, Thomas andJamesKenneth,arerespectfully invitedto attend the funeral,at 42 Pearl street, this (Sunday) alter noon, at hall' past two o'clock.Newark papers please copy.Homos.—On Friday morning, Feb. 17, HXHRY R., son of Wm. P. and Georgiana Hortoc, aged 1 year.factory la removed to U Bond street.Private satraaat forThe relatives and friends of the family and those of htodeceasedbrothermlaws,JamesandEdward Keenau,are respectfully invited to attend the funeral on Monday duotd bv dnnktag bad water, whtoha almost ntoearaeilF afternoon, at two o'clock, from his late residence, 122East Sixteenth street.Crlstadoro'sUtafrDye,Wigs aadTon- p«*»—Tbe beet to lbs world, wholesale and retail, and tbe dye privately applied, fi Aator house.cause of them, it operati The distrosetag affect iKnretca Sewing Machines.PRICK SAO, COMPLETELadies' Caps-WHITE.11alter,IKBroadway,oppositeSt.Paul's cam eh.treveiling »,**°«" •"•JJ? _ Hy,aswailasby many inr^rrterohtota8Sixth aad Seveath aveaass Bar.E G. Virginia Conference But they did not that change their Holloway'a Ointment la tut anfalllng S^f\?«£i?Vultake ptooeatthe residence ofBev. Motes Baltou wffl preachta theH- Grattaa Gutaassa, of Iratoatapart of their pastor aad totter churches, to retain them. When thedayarrived which hadbean appototed for the veto to be taken to these two churches. the presiding elderwasfound, together with the-aetor,inthepulpit;g, aad all Dtomtois of tbe CBost produoed •eneftosMseuhjofLoadota Cist* Bnaee -This Uttrlwalled Sauee, ssaansfketsroi by Parker, Bros, UaSon, eae be «*1JrAstreet ^TnTartSe* m MSW* ' *oJeeean»to^-^•Uu94Ui DtgMIBIBMU«*flBB*aasaosTBsWpl"B06>fJ\T/snndav) afternoon, atone octock. *Sraoa^tathnc*ty,on Thursday, Feb. 16, fJcasiLU A^B daughter oi tbe tote Heary Hollenbeek tad wife of j H Strong,aged22years,tmrawbsaadIdayaThe relatives aad frienda of the tawdry are reapeetfuily invited to attend h e r funeral, this (Baasay) afternoon, «t two O'C'OCK, from the residence of her mother, No. 192 West Nmetesath street, o libs at further notice.BcujvA*—On Saturday, Fob. 18, Mr. EDWABO BCIXI VAN aged 4* years.Th* relativessadfriendsofthe family are respectfully it v ne<l to altersi t h e fueeral, from bta tote roMd<>aoe, N o . 4 Pelbani street, this (Suaday) afternoon, a*, half past two o'clockV Aiurmrs.—On Satarday.Feb 1 8 , M ATOA ArorsTA, th e btlovtd mVe tf Charles Valentiae, an'j third daughter of JamesL.McM&sLjEsq.,ft*C£i;ge*VK„a,/thelungs,inb«r 2cUi >e*rat three o'clock.communion without a mighty effort being made, o n t h e remedy for auie Throats. Croup Otptaer'a, Harsh Cough*" ~SlZ5ZZr*tmm»^*?«-AW*m avenue,A.D.bbut strtnge to toll, the «*?» «** 2 " 5***2»to tafound. Notwithstanding that a e w difficulty, andother obstacles wbteh were thrown to their path,the fixedto theirconvictionof right,sad on their course o f action. T h e voting was does, both ebiaxhea OBBMSouth w i u ^ t a dtoMottag vote*, that proving their allegiance to tte Ota ItoBttntoa and to bar antaattoas, b y severmg their coaaoctioa witha Northern a a d otaueetteg Ihemtolves with a Southern two churches have set a noble ex-H*WT*LATIONS COS LKNT. Thefollowingaretheregulationstor Laat,whichmtnets ontbe 22d Inst —1. Allthe"week days"of Lent, from AshWednesdaymanyFata,FashionHats,SkatingA quidPearlforbeautifyingandpreservingtoeT^'wr- idakin,maybetriedgrailsa;43$dreadwar.Dr. Marsli Continues to Apply tots Radi- calCureTrusswithsuccesstaeahettocpermanentcoresof hernia, or rupture. MARBB A CO., So. 2 Teasj strost, K. T.ParisBoawowSoftHate Jmat received ersteamersA-iasoandEtna, forsalebyihopackage.RHJNALTO M. WATEKS, 18 Walker auwet.**r*l*toad, whoa Sj' se. ladyspepsiassztB e a n t l f u lC o m p l e x i o n . — L a i r d ' sS^Sewing Ml Broadway, Sow Terkl at h eB e a ta n dcornerofCollegeplace. Depot 63 Murray street, BOB1BTM.PATilCtTNLM.SUraiAACO,4*6Broadway,K.TDefiance Salamander Withtout powder proof tosks and cross bares., Also, are and burglar proof sideboard and parlor safes-Poughkeepsie papers please copy.BriLBB.—On Saturday morning, Feb. 18, Annum T.,BKCKST.—In Brooklyn, on Thursday morning, Feb. 16, CJURIB- LAwin BKLUBT, infant son of the late CharlesRev. Dr. ROGKRS, one of the missionaries expelled fromKentucky, was then introduced to tbe meeting, and re-marked that anti slavery m en were only employed in theNorth:thatthisgreatsystemofiniquitywi«nottoberootedout in this way; that the churches should be employed, andevery proper means used to get rid of this system ofslavery, upheld b y law. All, to him, seemed to overlookthe right point; and it was necessary to get up a publicsentiment in its favor, and this was only to be done byhaving the Gospel preached in the midst of the slaves. only son or Thomas H. and Teressa Carton, aged 2 years, 7 droggtota. Prtoo, tocta., K)cU.,aad glperbottto.ENGLISH ALPACA AND SILSejlfBRFIOLAS AT HALT the usual prices, at retail from Sangstor a, from ft* up- wards.F. DKBBT A OOMPAirT, Importing Ttatora.»: walker street, Engueh Mertoo and spun BOA Undershirts and Drawers, French Batiste pocket Baadkerehtofa, together wan a fuU aa- sortmeat of silk Bearta. Ties aad Uiovea. from H . a . Moriey,at retail, a t half the regaiar prices.F. DERBY A COMPAjrT,Thursday.1 6 , aftera longillness,J. BIKECKEBA. J. BI.KBCzCKB.801sCO.,*i•ii1:•'i•:F e bBismorF.—OnELIZABETH BISCBOTP, daughter of Mary Bischoff, aged 2 years, 11 months and 6 days.fully invited to attend his funeral,this (Sunday) afternoon, at two o'clock, from No. 25 Desbroosos street.CODY—After a brief sickness, Ass, daughter of JOBS and As? CODY, aged 5 years, 9 months and 17 days.The friends and relatives of the family, also those of her uncles, James and Edward Cody, and likewise Pat-for interment.Coosa.—InBrooklyn,onSaturday, Feb.18,HSWRTXTTA,Ballyshannon Herald please copyOnxLL—In Jersey City, on Saturday, Feb IS, of con-sumption, MARGARET J., wife of Heury C. Odeli, aged 20 years, 2 months and 23 days.Her remains will be taken to Greenwood for interment, from her late residence ta Jersey Cityof travellers or new /to them, produced by—mere, like toe oto. MJeeJaagPj^;.-^nlmin^ tai ^ ^ taBrAH.—On Friday, Feb. 17,MARY, the beloved wife of Jtfiery Kjan, ta tbe 62d year of her age.the bladder Tbe aromatic • of bad' earreetivaor injanoue%x2VFZj5stt*2i& -ntarSV ttrr KB—Partiesnothavingthefullamountcanbeaooommo invitedtoattendtbefuneral,fromtheresidenceofher causedbytoe"""^YICTTII^aawZTshTIhaiistafssftaessPa-•pUSHTON'SCODLTVEBO IL , FOBh-||A*tTsTTj Ofik%00OQAeOfBar)Tn a), ease* of adropstoaltaaadtotdrtoXaadn, uniform cxperteaea, to beP^e ,ed, » shipas a that of itosh*sufficient to silence foreverDr.tUaeoeaeea » —w.•S^Lae to thewortd.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetFul13069ton NewYorkwww.fultonhistory.com 