 6NEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1M0.-TRIPLB SHEET.NEW YORK HERALD. —'•'•mi-. • v ' w ' r f ^ - . ' ^ ^ * ^ * ' ^ ^ %•• **mThe prisoner was acM i l lB O I D O I I U I I T I , CDITOt ANDn THM i VENHTG.ruin of the block empire of 8t Domingo (or existing system under which the public print-Hoyti), which in 1791, joet toforc emancipa- ing is executed are of a moat extraordinarytion, exported 163,406,220 pounds of •afar, but in 1822 only 652,541 pounds. In 1825 the value of the whole exports of the island had fallen off by a million of dollars from those ofW A I X A « 2 fi•x ship, at Wc., and 400 bags Jsaraoalbo were alao sold, onprivate terms, with a small tot Java, la mats, at 15c. the English Parliament, succumbing to the America.millions of pounds, one hundred millions of and Mr. Trollope thinks the day is not distantercise no control. Mr. Footefirstgiven denial to everything, bat then nukei such ceptions and qualifications as render theof very little importance. Ha isLAUEA u n r i THEATRE,-Tasss lm Mm S * O A D W A T BOUDOIR. «M Broad w a r . - K i i r a '• WASCH-mm. a»«*in«--Oero«oo*. her commercial greatness consisted in seeking BETABTW HzmnBJL Miussniws Baa. 41 B»*<Jwar - to produce cheaply rather than to sell dearly,( n L m " m fciw DAJTOBS, Ae.-*VEU»40i IIXXIAK O f « i a bowl went up from the protected classes thatmtBuom BALOOK. Ouuifi'i Hn- long resounded through the world. Time, the DASCSS, Ac—BLACK STATCS. never failing logician, swept away one afterfront on the floor of the British Parliament, and, t i M i n w i w t m n MUMCTIL —mlmjr-—Affr- taking the free traders by the band, announcedsetting the negroes completely and universally free in1838. Incompensation totheplantersportion of the spoils. The direct charge whichWendell makes of having had to pay Bowmantwenty thousand dollars a year to keep up the and of the Fugitive Aid Society Constitution, out of the profits of the Post Office on the stand, in a recent trial at blanks alone, is uncontradicted. The assertion cuse, that their object was "to aid that Wendell has paid $100,000 election ex-penses is sot denied. Wendell claims that all societies, it was sworn, assisted over these facts show that he has been badly treated. in the year. It appears that Dr. Brown But to the mind of any unprejudiced man we the head and front, body and soul, of think a vesy different conclusion must be ar-rived at. It is the public who have been badlytreated—it is they who have been rob-bed—it is their money that has been thus infa-mously squandered—It Is the public treasurythat has been thus brazenly broken into anddespoiled. And the responsibility of eontinuing this scandalous system of robbery rests notupon this party or the other, but upon everysingle member of Congress who permits itscontinuance, and who does not by hie voice aswell as his vote place on record his abhorrence himself "Gulielmus Brownsius," never of a crime which, committed against a privateUtlAWUJlCI A» TA«1S MOSSSTT.The officers of the African Aidfleeing fugitives from slavery." One ofhim more than $50 worth of goods for the i fortunate negroes.OOOPBB JW«rriTUT».-Pmor. Toa»Ajf'• LBPTUES oa RADU»T ISSIBCSCU or m UJHTBBIS, AMD CHSSUSXBY m »TA*S.m oranother their fallacies, and contradicteddollars, was voted by Parliament And what is the result of this wonderful British philan- throphy, which, neglecting the white men per- ishing under its eyes at home, seeks happy blacks in distant islands on which to lavish its benevolence, just as it has done in recent years in the case of American negro shvea, whose condition will compare favorably with a ma- jority of the white population of the " I'nited Kingdom?"'when the population of the island will consist of a mongrel breed of Coolies, colored men and negroes, and will resemble the hybrid races of Central America and Mexico, with scarcely a white man to be found in its limits.And it is this same ruin of the Southern plan- tations of the United States, the same amalga- mation and deteriorated races, and the same extinction of the white man, with all the fatal consequences, that the anti-slavery party in this country are now seeking to bring about.societies—got them up, appointed the p dents, treasurers and auditors, to whom promised salaries, but failed in the perfoi ance, while he collected and pocketed money—made flaming reports which he prii ed, but showed ho vouchers. It was tegby Rev. Dr. Hiram Wilson, "General i intendent of Colored Missions in her Gracious Majesty's dominion, Canada W. whom Mr. Foote calls "the Canadian apostbj that the learned Eev. Dr. Brown, who si,[i*.Mr; M*f*r-<*.*• -*;•v$*ffe* <mi * *i:•their prophecies of ruin with a harvest of pros- rolHTTn STREET CHURCH.—Ho*. J R. OlDOWOi' perity. The production and trade of England,LacTCtc on THE DUTIES or HC«A* GOVEBSMHT.TBIPLE SHEET.l e w Y o r k , M o n d a y , F e b r n n r jr 6 , I 8 6 0 .BAILS rot THE Plane.W*w York Ilernld-Cnllfornla Edition. T oe North Atlaactic Steamship Company's steamship Baltic, Oapt A. G Gray, and the mail steamship Northerngathering new life from the new principles an- nounced in 1842, increased with a ratio of pro- gress that has surpassed the most sanguine cal- culations.A similar result may be expected in France, and not only in France, but in all Europe, at the breaking down of the barrier which has so long prevented the beneficent axioms of free trade from prevailing in the fiscal systems of the continental nations. Y et Louis Napoleon hasWith great truth the Times observes that" fioods of pathetic eloquence and long years We hope when the destruction is accomplishedLight, C*pt*ln Tmklepaugh. will leare this port Ibis set himself to the task. Confidently prophesyingof Parliamentary struggling taught the Englishpeople to imagine that the world was made forSambo.'' But what is the conclusion at whichthe Times now arrives, after a trial of twenty-five years of emancipation ? " The negro is alazy animal without any foresight, and there- fanatics.afternoon, at two o'clock, for Aspinwall.The naiia for California and other parti of the PacificwQl etoae at one o'clock thia afternoon.The Maw Ton* WBBJEXT BJBUU>—California edition—that an era of peace had begun, he announces that the time has arrived to give a great stimu- lus to the national wealth. The means for this vast undertaking he finds in the abandonment of all the old fiscal theories of France, and;individual, would justly send the perpetrator A WORD TO THE Crrr MEMDBRS or THX LEGIS- to the penitentiary, and whose moral guilt ist u f t n U i f (he latest Intelligence from all parts or the world, with a large quantity of local and miscellaneousThesoatsnta of as* IraoraAJi tumrn or m BLOLHD lating their readers upon the commercial bene- wtfl* combine the news saoermd by mail and lelefraph atGuiana and Trinidad has been deferred by Athenaeum in that city, which needs im- government paying only for the actualthe importation of doolies from India and provement in its means of egress. The cost of the work performed—indirectly, in its have broken out In a new place, and are s>1 daring th* prertous week and as to the hoar offits that must accrue to England from this change in the politico-economical system of France. Thelaborof England,whichmay besame correspondent alludes to the very culpa- ceasing to be an object, as at present, to any deavoring to procure power from the States China, who are, to all intents and purposes, gridiron the metropolis with railways. *slaves, the only difference between their condi- ble practice of obstructing the aisles of theatres one to induce Congress to print immense num- tionandthatofthenegroesbeingthattheirser- andconcert rooms with movable seats. This bersofuselessdocuments, and thus relieving have already alludedto the YonkersprojeiThe STewi.The Asia arrived at thia portyesterday afternoon said to lie in mines and manufactures, looks tofrom Liverpool, with European news dated on the be a great seller to France, and to buy from 3lit of January, two dayalater than that brought her vast quantities of wines, brandies, silks, by the City of Baltimore, and published in the and articles of taste and luxury. A commercevitude is voluntary, by contract, and of limited practice, as far as the city is concerned. duration. Jamaica, though the largest and finest might be prevented by on ordinance of the of all the British West India islands. has suf- Common Council, which body under the char- fered most from emancipation, for two reasons: ter has the control of such matters. What isthe mails of the bags of trash which now en- which is the Broadway affair in disguise. Gcumber them, and which add so materially to Saturday in the Assembly DO less than thre the expenses of the Post Office Department city railroad bills were introduced: one fraAnd, above all, it will put an end to the rot- Fulton ferry, to connect with the Hudson RivrRailroad; one from Barclay street, thronf tigation shows to exist, force those beggarly Broadway to the South ferry, and one fraHERALD on Sunday morning. Consols closed in London on the 20th ultimo at 94 j a 93 for money, and 96 a 95 i for accountwhich shows to-day sixty millions of imports and twenty of exports, they unhesitatingly be- lieve will soon advance to the exchange of two hundred millions of dollars in value from each nation, and then, says one of the journals, there will be on alliance between England and France which nothing can break. The effectEngland and France would have upon the tr&Je labor. But such is the degradation to whichof each of those countries with the rest of the world can be readily conceived. They would each demand more raw material, more of the thousand ingredients that eater into the arts and trades of each, and thus produce a reci- procal glow of healthy trade everywhere.But it is the direct effects of this new fiscal policy of France upon its trade with other na- tions, rather than its collateral operations, that will form the chief object of contemplation everywhere. Upon our own trade the results will be most palpable. We export chiefly cot- ton and tobacco to the French markets. On tobacco there is an absolute prohibition to private enterprise, and a government duty of approximately 550 per cent to the consumer. Cotton pays a duty of two cents a pound nearly. For long years we have tried to ob- tain some reduction of these preventives to in- creased consumption. Mr. Mason was laboringThe bullion m the Bank of England had declinedby $1,668,155 in a week. The Liverpool cottonmarket opened on the 20th of January with a fairdemand, but the advance of one-eighth of a penny,reported by the City of Baltimore, was not fullysustained, prices being easier. Theflourand bread- which such an increase of commerce betweenof negro labor. In Barbadoes, too, the colored and enacted at an early day. man has no vote; in Trinidad and Guiana thereskirts of members to go to work, earn an It can be done by money and perseverance, t*honest living, or go to the poor house, and Legislature will vote away during tk compel those miserable hack newspapers present session city franchises worth milliotstuflb markets were very dull. Sugars were in limited demand, bnt firm, in London, and coffee easier.Nspoleon's manifesto on free trade, which we give in eztenso to-day, was still the great exciting topic in the political as well as the commercial world. The Paris papers, as well as a* large ma- jority of the provincial press of France, hailed themeasure as a great national boon, whilst the British journalists augured the moat happy results to the world at large from the imperial movement The war against the Papal temporalities was carried on With great spirit, but his Holiness had not evinced any desire to relinquish his claims easily. Count Cavour had formed a new Cabinet in Sardinia. Fred. Douglass had lectured in Liverpool *bn the '•irrepressible conflict,'' and our educational and financial position and foreign policy engaged a large share of- attention in the English news- papers.We notice the arrival and reception of the "Be- nicia Boy" in Liverpool.Jamaica is reduced, that the negro and coloredpopulation being twenty-five times greaterthan the white, the ascendancy is complete;the negro not only votes, but elects his ownrace to the House of Assembly, and votes awaythe white man's substance in taxes, and putsblack and colored men in the offices of the go-vernment As Mr. Trollope sat in a tavern oneday, seeking shelter from the heat of the sun,he heard a pure black say to his fellow negro, been on tick for a year or more. This was for the labor they accomplish. On the con- of the Comptroller. There is no objectionA letter from Mr. James Redpath, of Massachu-setts, refusing most positively to obey the sum-mons to appear before the Senate Harper's FerryInrestigating Committee, or to pay it any manner instructions to our new Minister who sailed on of respect, ancfgiving his reasons therefor, is given Saturday for Paris. The new programme ofmore than half the coffee plantations, have goneback into a state of bush, and a great portionof those who are now growing canes in Jamaicaever, take notice that they cannot deceive the independent press, and that their constituents will be kept fully posted as to affairs at theone pretends that the State, Treasury, Interior, War and Navy departments should befet out by contract. We trust that the time has ar-ged long enough.THE METROPOLITAN PRESS IN THE PROVINCES We lately received a communication from amone of the victims by the recent aecident on the France will have two cents a pound taken offo'clock oo Saturday nightcordingly discharged, and returned home with his overjoyed wile, who had beea anxiously waiting the resultRain *>f th* British Wo** Im*U*lThe total amount of imports into the port of article from the London Torn* of the 6th of Boston for January was |2,9o4,79«; the exports January, being a review of a book just writtencharacter, and call for the active Interferenceof all honest men in Congress, no matter to CONDITION or ma NEGROESwhat party they may belong. It is useless to AccoiNTED Foa.—la tmrthartalk about the character of our government P*f» w*on the Went Indies, from personal observation, The European news by the North American aad City of by Mr. TroUopo, on English gentleman. TheBaltimore, reeeiTfd Saturday, bad the effect of imparting Times gives the mbotance of tat) work, with itsamounted to $1,419,551.buoyant and ecuTM Jersey and Southern yellow and white sold at Sic a axe. Pork continued l m , while the de mand was moderate. New mesa sold at Sis a »18 36, and new prime at $14 26 a »14 S7tf. Sugars, so far as hogsconcerned, were quiet, while holders were notSales 6,000 bags of Pernambucos were made atISc Thar* was more doing in coffee, with sales of thecargo of the Zingarrilla, comprising 4,600 bags Bio, at12>»c., and 1,106 do. do. of the cargo of the Ann G. Grant,this city held up to the admiration of the world. St Domingo and Jamaica decay, while Cubaments made by oar correspondent sarah*.The planters of Jamaica now, at the eleventh hour, ore making an effort to redeem in some tish colonies, substituting a system of ap- measure the error of emancipation by propos- When Sir Robert Peel suddenly changed prenticeship, which lasted for fear years, and ing the importation of Coolies. But againstthis the English abolitionists are up in arms,and demand "protection for negro labor." The J 5 £ ^ J T H £ « ! | 1 V M Wo* PAIS LAST-OCT Goon to astonished England that the true secret of for the loss of their slaves a sum of twenty Coolies, however, must and will be imported,Freights war* firm, with moderate engagements.Tata Mew Flscnl Policy of France—Its Be.ringf on Ute World of Trade.to tell as that other kindred societies do; they are all branches of the same tret.to get, by treaty, the duty taken off of cotton when he died. It forms the chief point of theare persons who have lately bought the estatesfor the value of the copper in the sugar boilers Capitol. Therefore, the very best thing that rived when the corrupt printing system willb yIn another page are publfah a rwnMkableAbolition—Ln testabout 2400 bales, ctaatog an the baa* chJofly of UM*» • » own comments, which are highly edifying and 1822, and In 1850 they were only about half and the honesty of the legislature whilst sucha QUA* Uoh a tetter from Mr. Foots, thehighly cultivated and well peopled, and thereis no room, therefore, for the negroes to squatThey must work for food or perish. "It alone,''we are told, "of all the West Indian islands, hasof the present system can be cut off, the work properly executed, and a vast saving made in the expense, directly and indirectly. Directly ' the saving will be in thereduce them to their original barbarism.1*.**kept its head above water." The evil day of respondent calls our attention to the* •#*>:• Ififty per cent since emancipation; the number of hogsheads in 1834 being 84,756.Thus Jamaica la hastening to the same utterThe metropoua wfc]appropriate at this perilous cdois of the Ame- what they were in 1822. How they are worth gross corruption and rottenness exist uncheck- of the Refuge Home Society, a * * .middling uplands. Th* that saarket was more a*elv«>,with soma anaealanva amairy. The chief demand, how rican antl-slovwy crusade. Wo commend the little or nothing, and the negroes are return-erer was from th* dasaaatte trade. Southern Soar was article to the careful study of the abolitionists ing to African barbarism. Yet thia is the ex-asm m better daaaaad, with more doing Wheat was la and republicans who ore laboring to hard to ample of negro freedom and self-government,fair milltoK request, with sales of California white at $142, bring about the same ruin upon the Southern which an apostle of abolition has recently in and some Canadian wbite on private terms. Corn was lessed as this legalized robbery of the public undertakes to contradict the acco„t money, by which a set of needy adventurers by our special correspondent of tat ore fattened, and a parcel of miserable con- dition of the fugitive slaves aStates, and through them on the whole coun-trjwhich the English abolitionists, headed bycfirkson and Wilberforce, have succeeded in prosper, and would pro«wl still moreaccomplishing for the British West India under the American flag and<pl direction of public how the plunder hoe been or is to be merous witnesses, with whom w»taf»injT| Mauds by means of emancipation.By negro slave labor, under the direction of the white man, these islands were in a highly prosperous condition, when, in an evil hour,Anglo-Saxon energy. Why ?$Simply "because distributed. As lor as Wendell if concerned, communication and over whom a*eotuVfanatical agitation of the time, passed an act in the year 1834 abolishing slavery in the Bri-excel too, at special pleading. He sayshis societyCuba retains the institution of negro slavery For the same reason the game is true of Brazil, as compared with the other nations of Souththere is no reason to discredit hie testimonythat in order to secure the printing he was com-pelled to divide the profits among a host of beg-garly adventurers, each one of whom doubtlesshad induced some member of Congress to givehit vote—practically to sell it—upon condition Dot entice slaves to ran away. Batho fo that hisfriend or hanger-on should receive athey will be as well satisfied as the statesmen of England now are with the fruits of their po- licy in the West India Islands. History has been defined as "philosophy teaching by exam- ples;" but the lessons of history are lost uponfore requiring to be led and compelled—he isdecidedly inferior, very little railed above amere animal." He is "void of telf-relianceand is the creature of circumstances—scarcely ings in the metropolis. The letters of our cor- not individual members, who are thus sheltered statistics at the North contradict him; **jLATURE,—We have received a large number of communications on the subject of unsaie build-crime rests upon the Congressional body, and the blacks do not die of cousumptia though all the published tables of rialfitted to take care of himself—has no care for respondents are too prolix for publication. In from the penalty of the offence. he says the blacks commit but litt r, will be puoushed at etovea o'clock IB the morn- adopting the same general policy that was to-morrow—las no desire for property strong point of fact, so far as the press goes, it hasi There is at this time a practical mode by crime, and they are not half so Uaadopted by Sir Robert Peel for the fiscal go- eopim, In wrappers, ready for Bulling, Six cents. vernment of England. Prohibitions are to beenough to induce him to labor—lives fromhand to mouth. In Jamaica emancipation has before the Legislature, which is the only powerwUI piiaai sen* hi their orders as early as pos-MALLS FOR ETTROPE.The Sfew York Herald—Edition forThe Cunard mail steamship America, Capt Millar, will eave Boston on Wednesday for Liverpool.The European mails will close In this city to morrow af- ternoon, at half past one o'clock, to go by railroad, and at three o'clock, to go by steamboat.The E c a o n u a EMTIO* or nm HBBAI* wMl be published at tea o'clock m the morning Single copies la wrappers, atzaaata3oascription* sad advertisements for any edition of the Haw T oax BSBALD will be received at the following plaoes. Saaassoa Low, Sea * Oo , 47 Ladgate Hill. Lansing, Starr 4 C>., T4 King WliUam street.,. Lansing, Baldwin It Ob., 8 place da la Bourse. . Lansing, Starr * Co., No. BChapel street.R. Stuart, 10 Exchange street, Bast HAma TsisHag, Baldwin n Co., 41 rue Oornellla. fLucacao.. De Chapeauronge A Co.want no better evidence of the contrary of tl graphic advices from Washington inform us this than the testimony of our own sense* asuppressed, raw materials are to be introduced free, and cheap production is to be the guiding principle of the political economy of France, and from France it must extend to all the countries*of Europe. He will encounter stre- nuous opposition from the vested interests of the French manufacturers, who do not know that that protection which increases the cost of their productions is their worst competitor in every foreign market, and their greatest in- cubus in those at home. Louis Napoleon shows in his letter that he is aware of this opposition, and prepared to meet it The change will be conducted with the moderation that should mark all great changes in the national habits of life—too slow to give a violent shock to great existing interests, too steady and certainto encourage vacillation and doubtThe English journals are already congratu-thrown enormous tracts of land out of cultiva- tion, and on these the negro squats, getting all that he wants with very little trouble, and sink- inginthemostresolutefashionbacktothe savage state." In fact he gets without trouble yams, the bread fruit, and cocoanut, oranges, bannana* and pineapples, lies in the sun and luxuriates upon these delicious fruits. Whyshould he work?The natural result is that all the islands havebeen nearly ruined, with the exception of Bar- bados, which owes its safety to the fict that itthe oldest of the British settlements, ispresent system can be extirpated. Our tele-i sgulations are also needed for the theatres and music halls. In several of the most popular theatres every inch of space in the auditorium is blocked up with seats, so that, in the event of a fire, persons who escaped being burned would be trampled to death. A Brooklyn cor-of the government attached to one of the de- tion of which the negro is capable. The effed ipartments. We have for years advocated this of Canadian colonization and freedom is toplan as the only mode by which the corruptions steep them in crime, shorten their dart ait 1tenness and corruption which the Senate inves-not introduced the coolies to supply the place touched. We hope to see such a bill reported, adventurers who are clinging even now to the Grand street ferry to Forty second street Ineeded, however, is a comprehensive law to groes to squat on; and secondly, because it has take in all the matters upon which we havefirst, because of its extensive territory for ne-is no House of Commons, or rather, House of Niggers, and the planters can manage their own affairs so as to obtain a supply of CoolieCONGRESS READY FOR WORK AT LAST.—TheHouse of Representatives having been organ- which are supported upon tne stealings from of dollars. The Aldermen and Councilmtized, after a fashion, Congress will come to- the public treasury to give up the ghost A pretend to protect the city, but every oi gether this morning ready to go to work; that newspaper which cannot obtain a supportfrom knows that it is only a quarrel between tl is, the routine business will go on in the House, the public has neither circulation, influence nor City Hall lobby and that at Albany for so mm and a large number of speeches, intended for position, and can render no equivalent for any spoils to go into private pockets. The difpoteleemosynary support it may obtain.morning states that the election of Mr. Pennington•e Spanker of the House has made him prominent What increased commissions and profits to mer- is productive to a fabulous extent, and yet most late Superintendent of Roads in his deport- example for the benefit of their party. Thus* * ^ Praaidancy-hia friends urging to his favor chants! What a healthful impulse to labor and ZT [?y'***»• views on all national questions.of the necessaries of life are imported. It has ment—Mr. John Nesbit—relative to the amount the spectacle is presented to the world of the immense water power for machinery, and yet, of road covering (limestone chips) actually representatives of the two great parties of theH ^ ° J t ! ! ! ! ! * ***** to be da»geroBs to the proe- p ^ ^ W t t ^ H . 8 a w a r d .science everywhere, increasing in turn their ability to consume the products of French ingenuity, and thus benefitting all!We might carry the same comparisons into the trade of every nation with France and with each other, and show like results; bat we have said enough to show the vast commercial rt^ulta that must flow from this revolution in the po- litico-economical system of Franco. It will not come suddenly like an avalanche, destroy- l»g whHe it changes the face of things, but likeone writer, who visited it in 1850, says:—1 6furnished to the city, and the amount charged for in the vouchers of Mr. Nesbitcountry vieing with each other as to which shall get their hands deepest into the public treasury, which shall be the most successful inthaefp^ctadatmt*!? "*>** ***wport«- ^ ' L " * P/****"* *hoos* everything, wi2£7^JmT^ The crowded to orerfiowiag. a n ? T J ? heid WMWe lay the statement before the public toshow the system by which the public treasury robbing the people for the benefit of a sot ofa ofStthe Old JohnmatJmndwhentherewillbenoneM to *wealthTaZb^a^a^iJ^V^* w l ^"PTM*-11 *e Superintendentandthebooksof thecompanyto on*.\5£**bw * Greetn S S T e ? ^ Z Z 2 2 * ' * " * > *»-Mnift^aaanla: uoos of sugar aad coffee are running to weeds nsrnriries which belong to industrial prcnparuThafelaasncut 00, one by one, from her inhabitantefand the darTSunksystem which we have no doubt is practised In them all. In this case the discovery woo made by a comparison between the vouchers of -thebeggarly crowd of political editors who have not brains enough to make an honest living by their profession, and must needs depend upon depeculation for their maintenance.V*.,fer#my,planter waa^^^^ftetto!!?^ y * * JhOMUeswhich furnished the material, whereby it ap- peared that while only 9,226 tons of materialployment for our ships in the carrying trade!To the BOOM effect b the testimony of Dr. ^ 8«nUe flow of the tide, that rises'and lifts King, who says:—"The works of decayfold, as the rural districts ore brought en re- is charged on the company's hooka, vouchers REOPENING or ran OPERA.—While the gay port to the metropolis—adopting oar manner*,* • ••»*•* upon its b000m, until they con eater abound-neglected fields, crumbling tftsTlan**^!*"1'*0 onoponod ports, passing over fragmentary fences and noiseless machinery Iwere issued for 17,074 tons, showing an appa- season in the metropolis is at its height, whilerent fraud of 7,848 tons, equal to anamountof balls, and parties, and "dancing tens," and all$5,886, and all this front the moath of May to sorts of fashionable modes of killing time oreAugust 1869. The ingenious mode by which in the greatest vogue, the Opera comes back tothe Street Commissioner arrived at this as- Irving place, after a short provincial campaignhabits of thought and ideas. We welcome. therefore, the new system, and will, to the baft of oar ability, assist in its thorough organiza- tion.THE EXODUS OF SOUTHERN MEDICAL Stt- DENTH — We published In yesterday's HERALD the proceedings of a meeting of medical sta- dvnte, held at Richmond, in relation to their re- cent exodus from the colleges at Philadelphia. The resolutions of this body premies that somea rerdict of guilty.Washington by the overland mail state that Mtlton g ^ S * ' »•*» « ^ « * J T T . Bat from to- fertile ground, which used to be cultivated, andverdict otjantsafcslehomkide,athalfpast elevennwa^thaag*inwhichaolla^rcomP"h nowproduces but 40,000 begsheadaofsugar annually, which' is a telling off of mora thanThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069matterbeforetheDistrictAttorney,withwhom it now lies for prosecution.•orceahaveallreturned, withoutsingingahair of their divine beads, or injuring a note in theirTne Pnnlle Printing CThe developements which are being made InWashington regarding the corruptions of thedelightful voice*.appreciation of the most refined aa|, of public amusements by filling toe from porquette to dome this evening. tie Patti, the saviour of the newroYe. Vive rOpera.'sumptive newspapers, utterly without influence, circulation or character, ore pensioned and sus- tained. We have no sympathy with the colliti-Before noticing some of the potato o7letter, we would observe that allmsinace froululy confirmed by other tes«W. gonte in this affair. It matters little to the the Canadian and too Detroit papers, ted bi 2no less great because the responsibility of theAnother statement by Mr. Foote is thjdone Its duty in this matter in placing the facts which the corruption which prevails under the and idle as the white men of Canada, ftcompetent to act in i t A law should be enact-ed for the special protection of human life that the republicans in caucus have decided the city of New York. But, as if conscioai 4 against such calamities as the Elm street fire, upon bringing forward the name of some ob- the weakness of his position, "the genentheexplosionofsteamboilersinmanufacto-ries, hotels, Ac, and for the better security ofscure person from the West as public printer— thus repeating the farce of the last Congress,*agent''saysthat"thosepeoplearewhatib> very has made them." Here again he is tpeople who visit places of public amusement orinstruction. The law should provide for pro- when a penniless adventurer was elected printer, variance with facts. In their vices the negroaper fire escapes, and exterior iron staircasesfor tenement bouses, and for the application ofand immediately sold out his office to a prac- are what nature or themselves have made thentical printer, who did the work. The solution In Africa they are ferocious savages. What to the difficulty will be found in the establish- ever of good is in them has been develop*!severe penalties upon the owners of unsafebuildings, engines, boilers, &c, &c. Some re- ment of a national printing office, as a bureau by American servitude—the highest civil]** i*the Charleston and Chicago Conventions, willbe let off in Committee of the Whole on theState of the Union, which state would be muchbetter than it is were it not for this same com- in the existence of national navy yardsmittee. The first work on hand is the Post Of- and national arsenals They are of thefice Appropriation bill, which will be run same character—employing mechanics to in the streets of the city should be disposed through immediately, the Department having perform the mechanical duties, and paying them like ferry leases, at auction, under the direcu<with considerable dignity, "I shall bring for- very bad for the mail contractors, but very trary, there is an evident inconsistency in giving building the roads—in fact they are absolute!ward a motion on de subject in de House to good for the Wall street brokers, who bought out the printing by so-called contract, and not needed—but they must not be used as themorrow;" on which the Tunes facetiously re- claims on the Post Oflice at from ten to twenty carrying out the same system not only in the gines to swindle the city and lioetbopockmarks.—-It is de hon'ble gen'l'men who talk indiswaydat rule de fortunes of Jamaica." And what is the result? That '-the common fare of the planter is salt fish and rum anddential election, the interests of the country printing office would have equal force as ap- to keep a sharp lookout for the railway bi water," and that "half the sugar estates, and will have to suffer some. Members will, how- plied to the several departments; and yet no The taxpayers of this city have been humband of the metal in the rum stills." the respectable members of the Lfouse can do be changed. The party which moves in old subscriber at Salem, Massachusetts,is to go to work manfully and make up/for the matter and advocates the establishment of which he 6tates that there is no longer any oeWhat will Stafford House and Exeter Hall lost time. The House, as a body, does not a national printing office will do more to show casion to send his HOKALD by mail, as be4m our paper this morning. A despatch from Bos-ton informs as that Redpath has since left for parts •unknown.The Coroner's jury in the case of Mrs. Tflley,of all other intelligent and candid writers, in- fine opportunity for the redemption of its in favor of an honest and economical administra- Hudson River Railroad, on Saturday retained a the raw material he consumes, coal supplied cluding abolitionists, who have visited Jamaica, character. So go to wjork, gentlemen. \ tion of government than all the loud-mouthed verdict, in which they censure the brakeman, free of duty, tolls cheapened, and a fair field the greatest of the British West India islands, assertions of incorruptibility, without action, Robert Hartley, 'for sot obeying the orders of the opened for the exercise of his abilities. What and, next to S t Domingo and Cuba, the largest LVGKMOIS SYSTEM OF PLUNDERING THE TREA- iwhich may be made. It is charged that the conductor tad not carrying oat the rales of the an opening for the taste and ingenuity of the of the Antilles. The island contains four mil- SURY.—We publish to-day a very curious state- Senate have selected a printer with a view of read." French! What an increased demand on his part lions of acres, of which there are not probably ment of the Street Commissioner, being the re- levying upon him for a portion of the expenses Oar special despatch from Washington thai on our Southern planters for cotton! What em- any ten lying adjacent to each other which are sult of on investigation into certain discre- of the democratic campaign, and that the re-not susceptible of the highest cultivation. It pancies which appeared in the accounts of the publicans in the House intend to follow theirLouis Napoleon sweeps away the duty, and per- haps the prohibition. Raw textiles are to be admitted free. The cotton manufacturer insay to this? Yet it is but the uniform testimony stand too well with the country, and there is a to the country the sincerity of its declarationceives it by the hands of a carrier every eing. The rapid extension of railway fociand the pre eminence of the metropolitan*journals, have wrought this marked change the manner of oewspaper delivery. The N< York journal is now delivered as regularly fifty, a hundred, two hundred, or fire hundredfrom the*metropolis as in any of its wardsdistricts, and before a great while the systemof expressing newspapers will do away altoge-ther with the old mail system. The change isa good one for all parties. The subscribergets his paper by a quick train, which beats»the moil all the way from one to twenty-foarhoars, according to the distance, andnholds theagent responsible for its delivery. The PottOffice is freed from the weight of newspapermatter in its mail bogs, and the Postmaster is -relieved from any terrible responsibility which Imight rest upon him for the delivery of incen-diary publications. Finally,tnepowerofthemetropolitan journalist It increased n hundred-- W *artuaJry producing ao&W which might not beeoauTaX f i m ? * I W awbcatlonof capital aadmSuTttainhabitants are miserably poor, and daily sinltinx deeoerand deeper into the utter helplessness'of abjertVaVt is fleeced in one of our public departments—a characterless adventurers, and the support of a'J*TMTi,*»* Igooroaco and prejudice have sometimes rode for miles in succession over.& Latham has beea etoeted to toe United States Senate from that State.Tne jury to the case of John 0 Doonell, tried inthe Hudson County Court fur *killing James Lehert, t a t ho » the aana of t t ^ T » » " * « « »after being eat six heats and a half, came hi * * • • will sarai, record of h W C ' ! ? *»" making in all nearly 400,000 acres. The island sioner Smith to say that ho has laid the whole ponderous bassi will be charmed to know ther C r i M w the imDuleTor Til! * "n d f e e lis DOWlying waste." ra a single year, timt of^ ^ - t l " * L0U* 1852, the number of sugar estates •banatenofl baffle hit efforts, are curious, and will be pe-"OP"' *tounding discovery, and the means adopted to in the Yankee Athene-a sort of operatic Moo- was 199; coffee estates, 162; country seats, 520; cow—from whence the admirers of the fairUntitled Document•rused with interest It It bat just to Commis- prime dotm*, gentle tenori, rotund oantont andThere is no more difficulty in the way of the establishment of a national printing office than?er cent discount Besides the Post Office navy yards and arsenals, but in all the varioustatter, Congress has a good deal of solid work bureaus of the government An argument fair, square and above board, and we call before it; but as this is the year of the Presi- against the propriety of establishing a national the respectable members from the metropoMORE Crrr RAILWAY BILLS IN THE LEQBI* TXRE.—The Albany lobby was never more a-tive than during the present session. Thy at**'as to the power of the Legislature in the pr* mises may have the effect to put off the 04 struction of the roads until some fair way disposing of the franchisee shall have beea 1 ranged. The right to lay down railway tracof small politicians. We must have thii•• www.fultonhistory.com 