 bstatetfoat x*»*t* a**W A TESMkded in eon- -O^ego, «* Tbis-am**. the Canalril9, I860, reached here tciory ex?U- e alleged de- S*ybeea a4-ito the Union. , and tH«c*£- it*- Iteauo- th the booa- ion.rof Missouri, confirmee hy 4 tatSute.sss.wH9,186t.he resolutions S? 10, 1859, i* igatioa of the rivtee on Com-;ention of the ict of Cola a*, hington Coy,lew jaul « M lament. isdropped.» were ooa-ida mArkaa-[»AS.), it WMRelations be i<!)t the Sara- ea Stated, has tthe sanction her vessels ofand tifter a >ring them as bl the Unitedan prisoners; mgrees be re- h a collision. >of WAT and>c instructing >ntracts made aken np, andths memorial rk for amend- ?hip owners. re erfecta*Uji were taken iddressod the as© they pro* ie sovereign Slavery- and, >eopie/of the ». The firstrelieved t h e " itiea. loeae ssed that heto event* im- , ;he n rat Moa- 1occnrred at « of the peo- two sectionssment. Toe a grander,,oral Govera- the equality this equality 9 the lssaona io fanaticism, object of Uxeri the «iave, m oil here they Loaerica. Heelue where, i- jd miliums ofthe carryingr to result o the great jrce,and maa-'Slavery was jtiiution was iiat Slavery a the Bible. Everest tests, r progressing 8 eapAcity of pelied to the s and follyfor mankind North that ept' by the1 the deao- Iwn La too ttempt thisof Slavery > strike theto she w that Republicans. Mr. Che* the federal compact be- e >pie of the thtfir instilu-Saglaad f. He pro- conflict" be-<v -i 5w faoati- Eabor assisted \ ideasin re- leorieeat thebe no peace toe equ*!ity liberty, andxl to be rego- onoaneed the tnce and the he- game, andIdian Appro- tubstituie lorSOX (Detn^ ring to prestJ4; Nays, 24. >r orders,and ie<i by Yeas,TEA*educed a bill sut, inclowve Government.»pee<e, a n d " hire, underI a Ml con- providing foe tb«refro<tt.ill to aathor- fv.mia, to ran • ttonee of thscrtion caTHng: tcacions witn iCi:oriB u> oory. of Africa, • t r of slavers where each ksnt give hisde.amendmsnt, ree»ela wer* id by whom.amendxaeflt nera, c*p-nn amend- \theAirir-*4r. Mori»e. <m\hn 2d and 3d / ion of Terrifc-and ths report-OC B^eon-ierU>i*»os in arreat of bur of thexthority,*a t^oeatedte>f>rtdsnyi«^ { ining Uufcwlifrs, and how, and when the «Wne was obtained and trans] duct;;a8 CC^M a member of the House. This body has ipW-YO^KK Idl^ISLATDEE. P««€dtothep'acesninvaded;•'•"-'•-••••'•' ; ' J. repeafedlyd«?v^e<i1^8*.•censureordisapprobationisamiin other words, to possess legislative power, will mark, as it is sufficient for the argument to propoundscarcely be conceded in view of article 1, section L of the question: Where is to be found the doctrine ofthe Constitut on. declaring that," All legislative pow- jurispruden»e, or justice, or propriety, which aabjecte could it delegate its authority to any other body.Tnia state the Slavery f the relationconstituted one oi the highest crimes which that officercan commit, impeachable from its very nature. Thatthe Senate, as his constitutional judges in such a case, of legislative aggrandizement should ever have exist- so as to deereaee the amount $96,000. It leaves out the5powers are lees. The members of the House may such organization, and whether aoy cltizons of the United Stat** not present ««ie implicated therein, or accessory thereto,'r M ^ ^ T V 0 ' £ U ^ ^*b*' Bix^- Bdsh- B,«1".' Carter, are mvued to divide the political tights aud govorn-;?}-.<*. -•;i %•mmMM:^ Wl mSPreJfasS1• « • •<muted to remain thereon eight days without ohorxe." prevent the working districts from invading aad The amendment -was concurred in; Yeas 20, aud swamping the other quarters. Other members pnjti '•!' ..-SI•T.-O Jtftftttmm HMUmthere ^s no antbority to itqnlre into the private contri- power. The latrAf ia omnipotent withinH it ABass^erjnhvg*. Johnson,bntionsofanyperson*whatever, unleeftttbefirstde- limit*ofthe Constitutidt>» theformerissubject not*fyr«*v fteb-,«,report of the Committee on Judiciarv on die Presi- dent's Protest.Mr. COVODE moved to postpone the further con- sideration of the subject ontil Taursday week, and de- manded the previous question.Mr.LEAKE(Dem,Va)mov-dthat'herebeacall of the House. Negatived, 74 against 108.During the roll call, Mr. MILiwJ asked whether there was any truth in the rumor that cepies of Mr. Hick- man'* report had been eent to the New-York papers, and that it was now in type.Mr. HICKMAN replied in the affirmative, with the express injunction that the report shall not be published till it is made to the House. He bad supplied copies according to precedent, the President himself having sent advance copies ot his Message to other cities. He Was anxious that the report should be male, read, and printed, and then that a day to suit the convenience of the House be assigned for its consideration.Society Company of New-York.Mr.CALLJGOT moved to recommit, and made aMr. HICKMAN roefifectuallv *onght to present the- Repres—Mr. LEAKE wished to know whether the report the President seems to suppoae 1 By no means. TneJournals of Congress, that each Heuse has continually claimed and exercised the necessary power of inspect- ing, inquiring into, and supervising the different Exe- cutive Departments and ope fations . of the Govern-conclusive, there is no proof of a greater increase than in other portions of the State. Ho thiuks the difficulty which has arisen from the erection of Schuyler County, Recess to 7 p. m.had not already been printed ? t- Mr. HICKMAN said it had.Mr. LEAKE—Then your argument falls to the ground.Mr. HINDMAM—The report ia now in type in the public prinurg officeMr. HIND MAN desired to kxow whether it wa3 in type in New-York ?ment. If it be ti ue that the close and intimate connec- should lead to great caution in the erection of counties, letters in New York City. The "Brooklyn, East Dis; —the former, being unable to m&ke a case for it, thetion insisted upon exists between the President and and quotes the opinion of the present Attorney-General trict, Fire bill. To establish at Nautical School at latter against it. In she midst of the debate last nightlis. HICKM AN replied—Not that he knew of. He full discretion allowed by the Constitution, nor makeThe Senate has passed the five City Railroad^ billsis impossible to love or to admire the bit of etattotica called a Reform bill. It is but a cmo stock ol the sourest and hungriest quality, and the House is invited to graft thereon its own more genial fauciee. Nobody quite succeeds in embodying to his-mind's eje tae sorteent it to New-York under the injunction that it should not be published until made to the Houfce. If it is printed before, it will be a breach of confidence.Mr. BRANCH asked whether the Committee on Judiciary authorized him to place his report in the hands of editors before it was made to ths House 1Mi> HICKSiAN replied in the affirmative. It was brought to the majority of the Committee on Friday, the members having been called at his instance.Mr. WASHBURw ("Sep., Me.) ktew it was a com- mon practice, and the Democratic side had enjoyed al- most a monopoly of it.Much confusion, and calls to order from the Demo- cratic side.Mr. HOUSTON (Dem., Ala)—Y ou know its not the -common practue.the law either shorter or narrower than it is written. In such a caae each Souse of Representatives will de- termine for itself its mode of procedure without sug- gestion from a " coordinate," and rely upon the high- est law as its charter. There is no Judge presiding over the Representatives of the sovereign people of the sovereign States to tea<*h and inculcate legal proprie- ties. When they shall permit even the President to do so, then there will be a law superior to tne Constitu-jn. and a discretion locked in chains.ticTnbe resolution of the Senate of the 28th of March, 1834, upon which the President seemingly had his ej e in the preparation of his protest, presents a caso very different from the present one. That body re- solved as follows:" That the President, in the late Executive proceed- ings in relation to the publ.c revenue, has assumed upon himself authority and power not conferred by'' wise and great men who, before the Constitutionproceeding were, that tbe acts charged upon him "wasadopted by the Sates, apprehended that the the Coast Wrecking Company.THE CITY TAX LEVY. |amendment bill.Mr. SMITH made a minority report against the bilLon the ground that its sole object was to turn out of of- fice the present Water Commissioners.Calls to order from the Republican side.Mr. WASBBURN—It is.Mr. FARNSWORTH (III, Rep ) raised the point of the Constitution and laws, nut in derogation of both."through Brooklyn; in relation to the Police and Police " proceeding against him justifies the fears of those Courts in the City of New-York; and' to incorporatethe Personal Liberty bill, to be reported complete. Messrs. V AN ALSTYNE andCONKLLttGobjected. Adjourned at 10 o'clock.From Our Own Correspondent.ALBANY, Monday, March-9,1860. REPORTS.however, assures us that it will fail or. that oDject, aaa. evea-Mr. Disraeli iir of opinion that it will not do so well as his own measure. Mr. Adderley considers it a step to univertal sull'rrige, ana would prefer to see that end attained by a more direct and speedy method; but, as it was precisely at thisorder that it was not competent to indulge in debate -during the roll-call.The Speaker said the colloquy must here stop.The complaints made by President Jackson to this.:iw.< •»*-•^P " mi,smmjMxsTis-'",' I SsL I UWWKBSMi»>xr ':.m^m^m*,^#ou>*t(rBjwsssji*) <,v.-*-mi«*,+?> -»nrir* ;:;^'»- .""?:v';•:mn^^^^mlM^^M^^Mffm^^^^MwJS ^ i s^r&£Could there well be a more limitless fk"da for cxperi and was right in such refusal. No evidence exists to fact lhat he holds a limited veto over the legislationof earth, and. lays open eyery act and mbtaV* of every'specters of EJectioV fat *w-Y ork> A motion by Mr. ClarJt, Coles, stead of vagne ihsinnatioriSv. inquiry would be proper, gs%lUrri*,wkshow that the expenditure of the money was used for -corrnpt purpose*, nor has the election of any person inPetmsylvanii been questioned.Mr. BOB1NSON \Dem., I1L) concurs mainly in4he mmongr report.Mr. COvODE (Rep., Pa.) questioned the right ofMr* Wfeoelow to brbg np a minority report.Mr. WINSLOW maintained that he didso as a ques-^nofprivikRe. v . . . Mr. COVOi>E wished.to poBtpone the consideration of thia subject, in order to enable Mr. Hickman to make a report on the P/esident's protest, which report • -covered the whole ground of the legal questions in-volved.Mr. HICKMAN" (A. L., Pa) raised a point of orderthat Mr. Wmslow** couree was irregular under the parliamentary law.^ 3 > e SPEAKER decided that Mr. Covade was enti- tled to the floor, as the proposer of the, question.Mr. VFJJSSLOW said the floor having been assigned to him, could not be taken )"r«-m him by any other member. With all prober respect for the Spaaker, it was an instance of arbitrary power- unprecedented in parliamentary history.On motion of Mr. ADEUN, (A L. Dem., N. J ) Mr. Winslow's appeal from the decision of the Chair traa tabled—125 against 59.Mr. COVODE «wd he wanted the list in Mr. Scheli's possession, because it contained the names of the Gov- ernment officers, and not because it was signed by private individuals.Con&xess cannot aflect the soundneM of the views here citizen of tbe United States to analysis, commC?nt, andbriefly presented. His claim to '^legislative capacity," exposure. It is cot deemed necetsary to exWod*re- any State, the 8tate itaelf must redress the wrong.fettiti S*«rie*, Taber, Vaeriam, e^J^".W^J**ffiFnll«r. HoJco.isb, Haskms, Jewell, *«wett, C. Kd*p, XTM*?**alone is proposed, the question may be asked, with r u i n g force and emphieis, What hat the House to do with the law of iuipeacument 7 The resolutions do not contemplate a judgment, and therefore there can be no formal trial under tnem. But, admit charges proper for impeachment were made, would the House be bound to submit the matter to auy particular Com- mittee, and allow ihe accused a cross examination, asand Williams vs. United States, it was decided that tbe law devolving particular duties upon the Prerident, by name, was fulfilled by the discharge of these duties by his subordinates, on the ground that these subordinates were instruments through whom he acted and spoke. It can certainly not beavoid* one conetitutional objection," but does not touch the question of- population; whereas, in this caBe, the member is assigned because the county had a fractional population; that Canisteo had, in 1855, but 20,000 in- habitants, while the ratio of . representation iBerect a new Cburt-honse., 'Constitution prescribes no rules for the House, but it is left peifectly free to adopt its own. It may refer tbe charges to a Standing Committee, or a Select Com- mittee,, or it may proceed without the inwrveution of either. It may allow cross-examination, Or deny it, as to its members may seem most proper at the time. The precedent set m the CASO of Judge Peck upon which great strets is laid, cannot take away theEVENING SESSION*nftBVWi11 i m*^»termined that the propose* were corropt. Sttoh a wan- only to the Constitution, b>at to the determination&vof • "TiStsaid Committee report whether any aud what leRUla-Wert may, In th^-ir opinion, be necee.',«T on the part of the punishment. ;JV> arraign a high officer on vague andSBWA TB....AXBANY, April 9,1860.Bills were parsed for. the incorporation of Pine Artston and improper interference would be in conflict with the la«er also. To repeat the pomt: the President is UnVted Sfatea, for the future preaervau,°a ° f -the peace of the indefiniterCbarge^ is a.revolfctM outrage, and will notthe jast right* of citizen*, and dangerous in all it» con- not, rn^any respect, superior to -he citizen, merely be- eeqoenee^. Anguetn* Schell was required to prodace camelie is bound to discharge more numerous duties; a lJst of person* who eoatribated to the Now York and he is not coequal with ttiat branch of Governmentcountry, or for tbe aafoty of tbepublio property, aud that Said] 1S»I»SKS^&* •&-.*be countenanced.'ev'wo .by vindictive parfcwans. If theHotel Presidential fund, who declmed to pcoiuoo U ; whu-h helps to impose andv define those duties. The ment ? It covers every foot of the countiTr«? net the' their object ? If .^ey./cpn^tajhed specific charges, in- LAWRENCE to strike **$ the enacting clause was Decker" ers herein (therein) granted shall be vested iaa Con- thecvety day life of every mercoant, farmer, artisan,There oould in this investigation be in ended nothing but a discreditable party scheme to accomplish party purposes* The position taken by the President is r'gh. against the assault on the great principle establiabed for the administration of justice.passed by the following votes:1 Seventh-Avenue ROOT, 20 to 9*.Ninth-Avenue Road, 18 to 20." pretsof the United States, which. *kall consist of a " Senate and House of Reprcsc?ita£ivc8." vThe President, it will t>e observed throughout his Message, assumes thatj the resolution to which he makes refejence charges him with the commission of8nd laborer, to such a test, and protects their servant, the President, from it ? ,Aiticle 2 section 1 of the Constitution declares "the " Executive power Bball be vested in the President of " the United States of America." There is but one ex-Tenth-Avenue Road, first loot By I£&e 1.1, then re- Mr, TAYLOR, as one of the minority of the Com- considered and passed by 17 to 91Mr. Jacques reported the City Tax Levy amended Mr. COVODE withdrew! his motion, when Mr. not ohU accused, but found bam guilty of the charge, ed, the cause of those fears is left in great Record Commission appropriations; fixes the MountIn the Senate to-day, Mr. Hillhouse, from the Com- point of his. speculations that^ t h e , House had mittee on Literature, reported favorably the Assembly dwindled down to 25, we must suppose hia estimate of bill in relation to School Libraries in the City of New- the bill to be shared by many. Yet there is hardly a York. Also, favorably the Assembly bill to provide member of the House who speaks of it heartily. .The for the more effectual Insurance of School-Houses, very mcver has- told all the world some years backAfter another scene of con:union the result was an- nounced as above stated. i;TnirSTETENS (Penn., Rep.) moved to recommit the re- port.This was agreed to—105 against 80.without any opportunity on his part to defend himself. obscurity. The history of the Constitution, Morris-square improvement at $20,000; strikes out the^President of the United ototeo, or any oVner otnoer of tne Gov-ernment, t «*, by money, p«ixon«te, or other improper means,jkon*ht to innneuoe tne a^uorx of Congreu, or an; Comcuicieethereof, for or against the p**»*<gt> of *x><r l»w appoita'nin^ to th*> vestigation may lead to the conclusion that the pa<ty jrfgbta of any »i»te or Termor^ , al»o, to Inquire into and mvesti- against whom it is brought to bear is guilty of nefa-It is thought there is reasonable prospect of success- fully reviving the Aims-House.bill., gate whetneT an; officer or othcer* of th« Uovarnmeut have, by rious practices, cannot aJteot the right; it is prelimi- combination ot oth+rvtee, pev«nted and defeated, or attempted nary to accusation, trial and judgment. So hero itPublic Park and Parade Ground in the City of Brook- lyn, was reported from the Select Committee by Mr. Jspinola, and, on motion of Mr. Lapbam, had its third reading, and was passed, 17 to 4—the negatives beingMessrs'. Bell, McGraw, Monroe, and P . P . Murphy.BILLS P ASSED.Among the other bills read a third time and passed, were the following:To amend the ace to provide for the incorporation of Life and Health Insurance Compani*s, and in relation to Agencies of euch Companies, passed June 24,1853, and the amendment thereto, passed Jiity 18, 1853.The Assembly bill to authorize the Board of Super- visors of Kings County to build an addition to the Lunatic Asy him in thut coanty.i o preTent or defeat, the execution of any 1AW or law* now upon' t h e rtatu' e-book*, toad vhvtoer tne f re.inent ha» 'ailed or refused to compel the ezeouti^n of aay law- thereof-, that »iirt Committee •hall Jnve«tig*te anc inquire Into the abu»e« at the Chicago aud other Poat-i/fficee, ana at the PhihuloipaU and other Navy-?cat not be made an objection to the action of theHouse that evidence may thus be found' tainting thetation of that feeling, it was proposed that the Execu- tive should be plural. Madieon and Randolph urgently supported it as a measure of protection against the-aggressions of the Chief Magistrate upon the rights o the coordinate branches ol the Government. Mr. Ranoolph, (Governor of Virginia, and Attorney-Gen- eral under Washington), speaking upon this subject, said: " The situation of this country is peculiar; the "people are taught .aversion to Monarchy; all thethey are chiefly of the working claes. A.r. Bainea has the greatest confidence- in their good- sense, inde- pendeece, respectability, and of course, also their liberal, opinions, aud evidently does n.>t taink-his seat ' will'be endangered by anything inthisbul. Other members have not the Baine faith in the great unkno wa. They expect direct taxation, the ballot, e^uai eiecto/al districts, and a good ceal more. But perhaps tue naoet prevalent apprehension of the House, that which really appals many an opponent, and makes even even the advocates of the bill fatter in thtir praises, ta the pros- > pect oi the act coming into force at once, in the form of a general election. They dread the sixrpouhd- ers, not for their opinions, for the harshness of theirofficial character of any or many officers of Govern- Yaxdn, WBB& into any abuses in cona.xuou witi. the public build- ment. II" it shall be fonnu, in executing ihe commandisga and other public works of tee Unitea States.•• And retoivedjwefur, That aa tut> Preaident, in hU letter to -*i« Jfi.uburjh centenary celeoratioa of the asth November, 18WJ. «peaks of the emptoymeat of money to carry elections, rfaidCommitter shall inquire into and iMcertaln ttie Amount *o nwd in Pennsylvania, and any oiher State or Sta.e*; in what diitricts It was expended, and b> whom and by wbo'e uuthority it wai «k>n»», and from srhat souce the mon«y was oeii'ed, and to re- port the nsvenes of the parlies implicated ; and th*t for the pur- pose aforesaid, said Cou.ii. ut er »ha>l havo powoc to send :'»r jser- y o u and papers, and report at auy time."of the resolutions, that the President is open to a di- rect charge of high crimes or misdemeanors, it wiil but prove the witdom of the proceeding. Then, and rot till then, muy the party sought to be implicated de- mand the full hearing secured to him by the Constitu-The message comes as a protest against this action ofthe House. The President complains that he has been lion. It'was not till after a formal determinationreceived here this evening at 6 o'clock. .o.To authorize the village of Rome to subscribe to theBtockofthe Rome and St. Lawrence Railroad Com- eenumei.ts, or the wildness of their theories, not*' abused," and that the consiitutional rights and immu-nities of the Executive have been violated in his par-son. The materia! positions assumed in the communi-cation are substantially embraced in the following " pies of universal jnstice" th»c the member movingAnother One out of tne Bing,didate for the Presidency. . •pany.The Aeeembly bill to amend the act to incorporatethe Society for the Reformation of Juvenile Delin- quents in tne City of New-York.To incorporate the Cherry Valley and Spraker's Horse Power Railroad Company.The bill to incorporate the South-western Mining and Lavd Company.because they listen to demagogues aud aspire to.doinux- iou. Np, in the deep recesses of then* hearts another anxiety praya on their minds, and mak.es them regard this bill with unmixed diehke. If a tnousand 10- pounders will drink so many hogsheads of beer, how much will tWO-thou8aud 6-pounoere drink I Besides, the greater number there ie the greater the capicity, and the more absorbent habits. Whatever is sad in the Hooj-e, this is the talk of the-loboies anQ. taeAnd Mr. Buchanan, January 16,1837, speaking on the through all the stages of its formation, its. subject, declared that the Senate had transcended its adoption by the several. States, and the conspicuoussalaries of members of the Common Council, and also strikes out the fiection^repealing power given to the Controller to reopen judgments against the city.- THE BROADWAY RAILWAY.Mr. Jones, from the Committee on Cities and Vil- lages, reported favorably .on the bill for a railroad in Broadway. A motion to make the bill a special order for ten o'clock to-morrow was lost.THE ALMS-HOUSE BILL.rangemeiat.' ALBANY , Monday, April 9,1860. The New-York daily newspapers of to-day were distributed in this city before 7£ o'clock, under the new arrangement on the Hu deon River Railroad. The train reached Albany at 7:19 a. m., eleven minutes ahead oftime, making all Northern and Western connections ' There was great enthusiasm at Albany aud Troy.what he would like, if he oould have hw own way, Mr. P . P . Murphy, from the Railroad Committee, re- though it is very certain that a bill after his ownported favorably the bill authorizing the Brooklyn heart would find but scant favor among his colleagues-Central and the Brooklyn and Jamaica Railroad Com* There is no disguising it, the bill is a painful doty, panics to consolidate and continue their roads. On and half the House would gladly compoaud for aayMr. HICKMAN, from the Committee on the Judi- constitutional power, becaase the resolution eharged differences between the great political parties at tht xaary, made the following report on the President's an impeachable offense against the President. That time, would seem to deny the existence of any suchcriminal intent was involved in the charge, as it was to recent pretest: • * be presumed, from an illegal or criminal act.On, the 5th day of March last, the Hon. John Covode Ihe ieeoluiions of the House, on the contrary, do a representative in Congress from the State of Penn- not even imply censure, much leas pass judgment.sylvania, submitted, and the House of Representatives They propose an examination merely, such as may beapprehension. The stiong sentiment of the Demo- cratic party through itB whole struggle with the Fed- eralists, until the election of Jefferson, was directly the reverse of the Pretident's statement. In the Con- vention which formed the Constitution, jealousy of the executive branch of the proposed government was as great even as the kindred jealouay against the prob- able encroachments of the Federal Government uponthe independence and sovereignty of the separateStates. In that body, it was even proposed that.the Executive should be removable by theLegislature, without' impeachment: or conviction of Tiie New Newspaper Express Ar- high crimes and misdemeanors. As a further manifes-motion of Mr. Spinola, the bill was recommitted to the Kings County Delegation, with power to report com- plete.Mr. Abel), from the Railroad Committee, re sorted complete the- bill to amend the Railroad act of Feb. 1, 1851. 'modeiate calamity—a tmall war, or a touch of re- bellion—that would afford a pretext for shelving Re- form. <instituted bv any member of society against any other " Rnolved, That & Coma-iw- of five member* be Appointed member of'society, to test informally eiJier honestyadopted, the following resolutions: /"trj the Speftfrox, for the purpo«e of mve«tig*tiog whetner the or respectability. And has it ever been conceived be-When it is considered that it is the businees of a large class of proieeaional politicians to make themselves ac- quainted with the character and habits of tne British•'fore that such a privilege—that of inquiry—does no-. pertain to every human being ? The tact that auch in-Also the bill to authorize the construction of a Rail- road on Long Island, from the village of Huntington to a point on the Eaet River, in the vicinity of coun- ter's Point." Constitutions are opposed to it: Why cannot three tion. As j e t he is subject to the law of the citizen; " execute 1 " The ineligibility of the Executive afterBUFF ALO', Monday, April 9,1860. The New-York daily papers of this morning werehereafter, possibly, he may invoke the law of the officer. — 'It is proper to make this additional remark in refer- ence to the protest of 1834—that it was not presented to the Senate durmg the consideration of the resoluone term was also insisted upon, as a necessity to pre-vent usurpation. Jefferson declared his wish to bethat the President should be elected for seven years,and be ineligible afterward. Mr. Randolph also madeuse of thia remarkable expression: " T h e Executives" may appoint men devoted to them, aud even bribe" the Legislature." Hamilton, after the adoption ofthe article of the Constitution relating to the Execu-tive, addrestiDg Gov. Lewis, used a still more strikingexpression: " iTou nor I, my frierid, may live to see" the day, but most assuredly it will come, when"every vital interest of the' S,ta"e will be" merged in the all-absorbing question of"who witl be- next President?" So numerousare the proofs that tbe " wise and great men " of ourearlier history entertained forbodings of the very op-posite character to those which the President ascribesto them, that it is difficult to resist a disposition to at-tribute insincerity to the President to accomplish the age majority of 466. The Aldermen aud Councilmen purposes of his protest. The suspicion on the part ofagainst him that the President remonstrated. Here tne interposition comes to prevent all investigation.AUGUSTA, Ga., Monday, April 9,1860. A private letter from the Hon. A. H. Stephens to a Georgia Delegate to Charleston,, protests against the uce of his name at the Charleston Convention as a can-T h e i r aJent esteems it " a violation of the p ;ihci- the resolution ahouid have been appointed one of theCommif.ee provided for by it. His ton years of ser- vice as a component of thia body, of which he reminds us, not to speak of his protracted Senatorial career, ought to have enabled him to recall to mind the prece- dents of Congress in such cases. This is a new and startling objtction, condemning, as It does, in terms of tevere reproach, a pracfee in iegialation coextenaive wl>h our naiional existence. Certainly it has been the practice to appoint the mover of a special inquiry Chairman of the Committee raised. Mr. Cushmg, in his " L a w and Practice," aays: " O n the occasion of "the appointment to prepare articles of impeachment "against LordMelvihe, which had been ordered onnaper, however obnoxious to criticism its general tonemay be on the sc*re oi taste and temper. But they "first appointed one of tbe Committee raised." Area&cn for this course is, doubtless, to be iound in the cannot restrain an expie«sion of their deep regiet that pie -uapuon that the person proposing examination hasIlia expression is: " It :a as vague and general as the the part of the people, not to establish thrones, but to '" EDgliah language affords words iu which to make it." regain that which nas been wrested from them by the Tf it be true, as before urged, that there isia general throne. The citizen oi' the United Slates has reasonpropositions:1. That the Honse of Representatives possesses no power un- s)er the Constltnuon, except as an impesching body, to accu«e the President of the United htates, or any other ollicer of the <^ov«inment.2. That the first recited resolution i« an accusation of high crime* and misdemeanors serfrut the President, and that Ms ac- cuser ho* been constituted one of hi* judge*.3. That the charge is t*o vague and aeueraL • •4. That there is aaogar, unoer «uch a ptecedent, of an a^jrrand- Sbtement of the legislative at the expense ox toe executive and jn- •ttotal department*.In consideration of the high source from which themanifesto proceeds, the Committee prefer to confinethemselves to an examination of tbe postulates of the—n;«• ' Municipal election.[When mis bill came up on its final reading, Mr.Spinola opposed it. He was sure teat he smelt a rat, dining-tabies. The Coneeivative alarmist declaims to" the motion of Mr. Whitbrjjad, that gentleman wasNORRISTOWN, Pa., Monday, April 9,1860. The Opposition Convention for the Fifth Congres- sional DiBtrict has elected James Hoover and Dr.C.M.Jackson Delegates to Chicago, and Dr. J. W. Royer and Frank Crosby alternates. The delegates will vote on the first ballot for Cameron. Mr.'Hoover fa- vors Seward, and the others are for Bates.From Mexico.... 1860. NEW-ORLEANS, Monday, April 9.The mails by the slobp-of-war Savannah 1have ar- rived. v: :• • ..-.The smallpox was raging among Miramon's troops at Medeillin.It is doubtful whether Miramon persists in his course much longer.The bark captured by the Indianbla was the Maria Conception ot Marin's expedition from Havana. A Mexican schooner had alBO been taken.an otficer who prides nimaeJf upon the fact that " the** people have thought proper to invest him with the*' most honorable, respoxjsiole, ana dignified office in*' the world," and wno declares he Jeels " proudly** conscious there is no publ c act of his (my) li :'o which verity, of the phraseology and tcope of the resolution. absorb popuar rights; a.nd lhat, all revolutions are on*' will not bear the strictest scrutiny," and tha-. he de-lie* " all investigation," eiibuld forget, amid the sur-xouxidings of place, and power, and iiiitery, that he isLut tho aervaut of that tame people, and chat he shouldihruik back in auger or terror Irom a simple inquiryinto his stewardship. This u th« firat tiam under tne[Republic a Chief Executive has left a recorded admis-sion that be has been made oblivious of the origin and•dpbemeral character ©1 his position by tne revelries of the subject or object of inquiry! The first opiits enjoyment. To distinguish such conduct by appro- bation would be to sanction kingly prerogative, and to proclaim that rightlui rule came " by the grace of •3od," and not irom tbe confidence of* men. The nation, always charitable in the interpretation of a^ts and motives, i* not prepared to overlook such a di-linqaency.The President of the United States, under the Con-stitution, possesses neither privilege nor immunity2>eyondthe humblest citizen, and is less favored in tuisportunity lor him to require notice is in the legalproceeoing which ie to end in his aequittaL orcondemnation.' What would be thought of a rule" BtreetB, lor a longer period than five days/and in-eertii: htu thereof the loilowing: " "" nowST frcm the few to the many be too great.k.lespeetthan Senators and Re'preientiii.ives in Voagreae, .informers and witnesses would volunteer against him Article 1, section d, reads: " They {the Senators aad especially as favorites and benificiariea would be the** Representatives) shall, in all cases except treason, fei- most likely to possess the knowledge needed in the0t ascertainment of the trnth. For Congress to reach the ony? tnd oreach of the peace, be privilegeJ from arrest**• duimg their attendance at the session of their reupec- conclusion to which the President would lead them, 41 tive Houses, and in going to as. d lecurniog from the would be to practically settle forever that impeach-*' same." No such exemption is made m behalf of the ments were obsolete, and that executive officers hadXx ecutive or any other officer of Government. The the immunity of perfect r^spouaility.conduct of the President is al ways saoject to the con- Indistinctness and uncertainty must necessarily pre- stitutional euperyieion and judgment of Congress; cede research. If it were otherwise, all investigation •while he, on the contrary, has no such power over would be rendered useless. As far as bounds may be either branch of that bo^y. He is left, under tae la w, set for investigation, the resolution in, question will-without shield or protection of any kind, except such a* compare favorably with that introduced into the Sen-J» borne by all. He is amenable for all his acts after ale by Air. Mason, Doc. 5,1850, bearing upon the in- inauguration as before. He can make no plea which vation of Harper's Perry. This will be readily ad-5s denied to any other citizen, and is uubject to the same mitted from a comparison of the two. The followingscrutiny, trial, and punisaoaeiit, with tne proceedings ia the resolution last ieforred to, passed by the SenateTo perfect an amendment to the constitution abol- all his votes to one candidate. Auy how, it is.jL'rcanda to believe it important, and is, on that ac- count, the best qualified to conduct the proceeding.The President likewise disapproves, in terms of se-light to inquire into the conduct of private citizens and puolic officers, which may or may or not look to accu- sation and trial, then the remark sinks to, a cavil. Under euch cireumstance it is not necessary to apprise the individual upon whom the inquiry bears, oi eitherto fear that wluch every other nation has suffered. BaThe Ccmmittee, entertaining the views herein ex- pressed, recommend the adoption of the following res- olution :Mcnoived, That tb« Houao dinsents from tbe doctrines of the a p t c f a l raefcuaae o f t h e f r e i i d e n t o f t h e U n i t e d S t a t e s o f Match 28, .JttGO; that the extent of power contemplated in the adoption of the resolutions of inquiry of March 5, I860','is neceaoary to the proper discharge of the constitutional duties devolved upon Coiigreaa; that judicial de- teiminmions, the oplniono of former JPresid^nts, aud nuiformot law requiring a prosecutor to define hiscbharge and Jrame his inaictment without prelimi- usage canction its exercise; and that, to a?uudon it, would leaveThe decree banishing Americans and. confiscating ';Excepting merchandise,.delivered on awharf fortranspor. )ir John Pttkiugton takes up thia point, andnary pioceediugs or opportunity to inform himuelf a» to its true character? A bare suspicion would scarcely be regarded as a defensive prudence. And in the ca*e of an officer controlling millions ofipatronage, and an influence penetrating every city, town, and hamlet of a vast country, it would be unsafe to assumethe executive department of the Government without supervis- ion or itspODHiDUity, and would be likely to lead to a concentra- tion of power in the hands of the .Preaident, dangerous to the rights of u free peopleMr. HOCSrUN said that Mr. Taylor (Dem., La.) ana himtelf were tae minority Judiciary Committee; out for want of time they had not been able to get together to agree upon a joint report. Eaoh of them, however, Lad prepared a separate report, both agreeing on gen- eral principles, and sustaining the President's special message.their property had been published at the capital.Later from Texas.NEW-ORLEANS, Monday, April 9, I860. The steamship Arizona, from Brazos, iB below, with $1,900,000 in specie, and fifty United States troops onboard.Tho Democratic Convention was held at Galvestonouthe2d. 'Ihe attendance was large. The platform takes strong Southern ground, and a resolution was passed requiring the delegates to withdraw from thet&ticn b> cuntl-bouta through in* canals owned by this.State, *ud wishes to secure by special provions that the aUo excepting such nieichandi&e as iutt oe landed on a bulk- better classes of the large townu shall no* bo wholly hcaa lor ttorage purposes, by tne owner or occiipatt of a ware- oietrancbiaed, as they .are virtually in, thia metropo- houte imrnediuieiylu Iront of, and adjoiuing the buhtheadon lis He sutfgesta » division ol ihe .largo towns, to which such merfchondi»e shall be landed, which may be per-no Naje; BOthe bill now only requires the Governor's pt.s© to accomplish the tume result by permitung signature to become a law.] one vote to each elector, or allowing him to givo.hazards, and penalties of impeachment superadded. Dec. 14, l&6i>, under which the mover was appointedThe President and the citizen etaud upon equality of chairman of tbe Committee contemplated by it, and confidence OT the country in the legislative, as well assone great works'he had vudted at M*uchest»r regretted the failure of the lodger iVaucliise. Heuce it appears that these men aie by no means all houteholders; and it may be presamed, from therights. The distinction betwten them arises from an testimony is now being taaen:tho other departments of the Government. While Congress should maintain its own own dignity, it should not make assaults on individuals in public andThe steamer Sea Bb d, arrived from Detour this morn- to the New-York and Ktugs CountieB do'egaiioaa toring, reports no ice this side of Mackinac, while at the amendment, which WWBt-pposed by Messrs. Jaqueslatter place the tug Leviathan had arrived from Lake and Conklmg, and advocated by the Democrats gen-Michigan, and reported having but little dilliculcy in erally^ and certain ^ew Republicans, who were iniis- nature of their employment aud the character of theiriit.equality of duties. Wherever the conduct of •• Jletolvtd, That a "Committee be appointed to inquire into tbethe latter is open to inquiry and charge, tha. fai-ts attending the late invasion autt seizure of the armory und<of the former is not the less so. The President affirms arnerifcl of the United States at Harper's Ferry, in Virginia, by a private life. The power and duties of each branch ofgetting through. It is believed that the Straits will be. open lor all vessels within a week.BELLEVILLE, C. W., Monday,. April 9,J860. The Bay of Quinte ia nearly clear ot ice, and thecreet enough to assist them, although they knew that msfcters, that they would n^t exercise the franchise ia money bought up votee enough last year to defeat a tie independent and dangerous way that is feared.with seeming seriousness, m eompariug himself vtith the House ox Representatives, that, '•a* a coordinateThe \rgtiimate influence oi employers in towns is as great as that of the landlords, and* in this way wealth andintelligencewillberepresentedthroughtuenum- bers that onpehd upon them for employment aud sup- port. This, however, ia a point on which we desire elucidation. The debate drags on, but we hops before tisfinishedtolearnfrom eitherfriendorroesome- thing more of tbe character of the clu«>a with whom we'. Chittenden, p. Caik, 1*. Clan, Coleawn,-..doakHaj, Uook, me-ut of this gteat empire.band of armed men, and report:' Wlit ther the same wa* a'.tended by aimed resistance to thethe Government are plainly aet forth in the Constitu-tion. The Departments are independent one of an-Hinilar measure, ana that it was publicly auuouucedthat theie was money on hand to reward all those whoauthoiities and pablic force of the Umtod Status, and by the tbern «o proteot tho public property; • .•" Whether such invasion and seizure was made under color of Tne House have the sole power of impeachment, anyorganization intendedtosubvertthe Governmentofanyof and the Senate the power to try it. There Tank," but he is not coequal, for bis lmmnattiet aud the State* of the Union, what *va» tha character aud extent of is 'no other mode by which the Housecan inflict punishment, except by impeachment.other, except when by tbe Constitution'thoy are de- hranchoftheGovernment,heistheirequal." ThisU murderof*uyoftbecitizensofVirginia,orofanytroopssent claredotherwise. ThePresidentmaybeimpeached.were now r«ady to sell out themselves and' the public -lirstboatoftheseasonleaves'forOswegoto-morrow. interesttotheDemocraticofficerswhowouldbedis-denied in empuntie terms. He is 'f coorumate" but not coequal. He ia " coord.nat9," for he " holds the sameDeath of an Kx-Congressman. TROY, N. Y., Monoay, April 9. 1.860. •Job Piereon, an old resident, aud member of the bur- of this city, and formally Representative in Congress,placed by the pasca^e of this bill. ,The motion to re- con.Ui.ilwaslost—43to45.:',Tfle,bm TPStlieuputu*;ouitBthirdreadingandlost, 56 to 3H, ae follows:claim a privilege, whether right or wrong, which he by contitbutioun of money, srms, munitions, or O'.iinfwlse; always be inferior to the legislative orUwmak.ng ment )n the bsnos or under the control of s»id armed baud, andBe conld be impeached for abuses under the Consti- cannot, andthe executiveorla.w-executing powermust "Wfastwas the character and «xtent of the mhteary equip- tution,,but eoulo not be punished for disorderly con-|died to dt»>, aged 69.; • H-Ii* for *«le by all I>ru«l»U.fidoe U oe«t*.Commlttde have power to send for persons an^l PaP* **'££3$£*m * Tw^vfcwe for thB appointment of In- resolutions did hot took to impeachment, what was Aseoaiation*. Toprovl**. TMv«» 'appointm*.t&imittee, will read his views to-morrow.high crimes and misdemeanors. This was nece/eary ecutive head or foontasn, and but oneexecutive respon- , Mr. HICKMAN submitted the motion that the re- i Avenue D Boad byl9 to 9.to the arcument he has advanced. It is for such sibility, as there is but one legislative head, and one ports be printed, and that further consideration be chaTges only the House has the po wer of impeachme at. legislative responsibility. The President admits the postponed till to-morrow, week. Pending which the,Tbe gravamen of his complaint is, that the aocuaations propriety of inquiry by the Senate or the House into• House adjourned.Fourteenth-Street Road by 21 ie 9.Various motions were made to* amend, all'of which which it is eaid is being v«iy freely used, vnli de-the conduct of his subordinates, but denies that his liability-is as great as theirs. The accepted teachings of the executive, judicial, and legislative branches of the Government are opposite of this.. President Jackson, iu his message of April 21,1834, to the Senate, explanatory of bis protest of tae same year says: " JS'or do I chvim the right in any manner " to supervise or interfere with the persons intrusted " with suoh property or treasure (the public money " and property of the United States), unle&s.he be an " officer whose appointment is, under the Constitution " and law?, devolved upon the President alone, or in " conjunction with the Senate, and for whose conduct " lie %s constitutionally rcspo7isiblc."President Polk, of whose cabinet Mr. Buchanan was a member, during the 1st session of the 29th Congress, used this language: " I f the House of Repretenta-weie voted down. vThe bill to amend the Revised Statute* relative to alienation by deed (beingan Anti-Bent bill),, passea bythe Assembly, came up tor final reading.Mr. LAWRENCE moved to recommit the KH to thethough instructed by tbe abuse to report forthwith. Mr. GOLVIN opposed the motion, which wa»*lost, Is the course of htsreinarly, be read an extract from 7 to 18* The bill was then prosed by 2*to 4. .< T « r TRIBUNE, malbtBg the sfturrinquiry, w&ich excitedThe Annual Appropriation bill was made the Special the diegnfct and indignation 6* Mit Jaqaes, who unme-^ order for 11o'clock to-morrow. ,ASSEMBL Y . 'The bill to repeal the act abolishing tolls- on railroads i-aymg —are of such a nature as, if true, would subject him to ah impeachment, and that the House has proceeded to pass upon them, or is moving to pass upon them, through a form of proceeding not authorized by the Constitution. Herein lies the fallacy, ana that, wnich, unexposed, might operate as the deception of the plea. If this were, in truth, a charge against the President, calling for the form of trial prescribed by the Constl- tion, then the determinations of this House might pos- sibly be opened to animadversion. Unfortunately for the attempted defense oi that officer, there is no charge made of any grade of offense calling for trial of any kind. It is a mere inquiry that is proposed. The language of the resolution may be cited as the best proof. The Committee raised is " for the purpose of u investigating whether the President of the United *' States, or any other officer ot the Government, has,*'by money, patronage, or other improper means," soughttoinllaence the action of Congres?, or any"Committee thereof," dec.; also, " to inquire intoit and investigate wnether any officer and officersc< of the Government have, by combination"or otherwise, prevented and defeated, or at-" tempted to prevent and defeat, the oxeca«.ion"of any law or laws," ccc ; and "whether" the President has failed or refused to compel the ex-" ecution of any laws," occ. If no criminalty "is al-leged, but, on the contrary, an investigation or inquiry direction. In the oaBes of Wilcox vs. Jackson, erected has a representative in the Assembly, onlyTHE TA» IlJtVT. , . • , Mr. Conkling rose to mak« inqtwry after «*e Tax: Ievy,The' Governor has vetoed ^he bill to erect the County "any time have reason to believe that there of Canifiteo from the IIW Assembly. District of"tivea, aathe grand inquest of the nation^ should atetroDg speech against the bill. ;>Meters. JACQUES and ROBERTSON supported the VTh&rsday, batjteat^ n»w the bill wa» ready to beJones;and no objections would haret interposed. If, asnas lost. To provide for the iBgf^ K, ^} 2 A. A. Myers, OdeU, Perry, r£K»*TM»been charged, money was used1 for corrupt purposes iaNew-York and Brooklyn. T V amend the act for the incorporation of religious Softies;To incorporate the Down-T^W* Association in flew-Voorhee*.„ ^ B l b j & P Bowman, MmIt "was not in thVmweToflhe'Houeelo'do ao/nor I: •CORRECTION— MTt. WTNDOM ON POLYGAMY.To the Editor of The N.Y. Tribune. ''House of Representatives,'.''•.'•;..'. WILLIAM WTNDOM. Washington, D. C , April 7,1060.. ».'•''' by ajmblic officer> and should think proper to institute The bill was then read the'third time and leeV-56 "aninquiry intothematter,allthearchivesand countyaccordingtotheprovisionsoftheConstitution; to38. . . ." papeia of the Execntive Department, public and " private, would be subject to the inspection and con- " trol of a Committee of tlieir body" <$*'c. The rulings of the Supreme Court have been in the samethat no new county can be erected unless its population is equal to the ratio of representation throughout the Slate; that the fact that the territory proposed to.beThe motion tore consider was laicl on the table. Several bills were passed^ among them:To ascertain and pay the damages for property de-stroyed at the Quarantine.To incorporate the American Zoological and Botani-cal Society in Central Park.Bills to extena certain streets and/ confirm grants toland under water within the exterior line of the Har-bor Commissioner's survey; came up for a third read- ving, aed were laid on the table.The bill to confirm the acts of the Common Couneilnecessary to transcribe what appears throughout the 22,000, and that, if the census of 1855 is not in New-York, to continue East street, was also tabled.others appointed by him, and exercising Executivetrusts, the reason is not manifest why the managementof the One ehou.d not be made as plain and patent asthe other. The most rational and plausible conclusionat least would be that the \ retentions tenets oftheprotect have been ser.outly weakened, if not destroyed, heretofore ordered to a third reading, viz.: Saventh-New-York Harbor.Privileges of the floor were extended to ex-Speakerthe House was all but counted out, Lord John bimeelf having to run for it to eay6 his own-measure from the fate v hich has extinguished eo many foolish,by the force ot its admisBiODa.avenue; Tenth-avenue and Forty-secmd-street; Ave-The necessity for the full and unrestricted, exerciseof the power in question is so overruling as to present confirming Geo. Law's grant from the Common Coun-its surrender.1. Withaview, of impeachment.nue D and East Broadway; Ninth-avenue, that is, cil; and the Fourteenth-street Road.DISTRICT CANVASSRRS.Mr. MILLER moved that the bill to amend the of people it will enirauchuse. Sir Jehu Palungton, in-2. For the purpose oi legislation.3. To protect the privileges of Congress.•<the bill as a partisan measure.The motion was carried by a two4hirds vote—74 to everything their own evil way: Mn Adderley re-°MeTropoiitan Police law now have a final reading.Mr. CALLICOT opposed the motion, denouncingdeed, and others like him, hold that the six-poundera are a democratical rabble, who will overpower the in- telligence and' property of the counry, and carrythat the bill is unconstitutional.'THE CITY RAILROADS.. 'Robinson.Mr. POND reported favorably the Brooklyn Water subjects and so many doll speakess. As yet it-*'"• ••; : •feat it.Soon after the opening of the session this morning,^SIR: THK TRIBUNE of yesterday;reports me as hav-ingvotedbothfor and against the bill prohibiting Polygamyin Committee of the Whole;and why the Sel«rt Comh3»ttee held baebvthe btll, al-Utah. Ivo&dfarthebiu". Will you please make the correction? Very reapectfully, your obedient servant,JLatest ©©ings isi ttie LegisBatwre. was amended, so as to leave everything ae it was be- and held back only tow^>mrnodate Mr. Tacker, whoSi>ecial Dispatch to The N. Y. Tribune. ,fore the passage of the act of 1851, and passed.The following bills wore passed:To confirm the title of real estate in the Mechanicswao-detaiaedafrhome-Dy ilbees.My. Conkling replied-by etating-that, on Saturdaymorniig, Mr. Tuckerbad csslled upemhifin, and informed him t3at nothing had been Aone with'xhe billuntil after the introduction of his (Mfe Conkltag^i-) res^lotioa of"\] '•:,;.:•'";,''.•'..' THEA L B A N Y :, Monday, April 9; 1860. COUNTY OF CANISTEO. .r"had been malversation in office by an in- Steuben County, and gives as his reason the fact that bilL '" proper . use or application of the pubtic money the territory has hot population enough to form a ;The motion was lost—43 to 45;ireportea, and fioat be wished' bim to seea^ter it. Some other words - passed betweem the parttesj. giving riee to tbe suspicion that there waa^-iarge sized-piece of ebony inthefencesomewhere.Among the bills passed ky Use Assembly to-day were tbe following:*To erect the town of Middlotewn frora*Castleton and - Southfield, Richmond County;To widen Poaxth avecu«> in-the city of Broooilyn.To authorize the city of N%w-Xorfc to- raise money for inci earing the supply of Crotou water;'To authorize the Supervisors of Kings County teIt also passed the bill authorizing the Supervisors toThe Constitutionality, the legality, aud the author- appoint District Canvassers and Inspectors in New- 34. • gards them as a diecontented class,- who will al-«ized expediency of the inquiry proposed by the resolu- York, after violent opposition by Mr. Spinola. tions being, as is believed, 'amply vindicated, no ques-THE TOLICE BILL, &C.Mr. CALLICOT moved to strike out the enacting ways lend'a-ready ear to demagoguoa. Mr. Mas-clause. Lost—24 to 68. sty thinks they WDU. still, be a••• very selecttion remains in respect to it, except such as might ad-,drees itcelf to the discretion of the House. If, by theproceedings to remedy a mischief, a greater mischiefwould be likely to follow, then a well-regulated pru-dence would indicate its abandonment. The Presidentin his protest suggests euch a danger, and rests his r e - construct a Railroad from Fiatbush to East River, sistance upon it. T t i s thus expressed: " T h e whole' The bill was then read the- third time and passed— body, too se.'ect /or bis-taste, ahd that they will not 76 to 29." tendency of the Government was to the aggrandize- " ment of the Legislative at the expense of the Execu- t i v e and Judicial Departments." If, indeed, fears*the people has become so great that they are continual- ly reducing executive power. In many of the States the Governor has become but a mere Chief of Police. Tbis it not, however, to be attributed to Legislative or Judicial agency, but to the fact .that Chief Execu- tives so use their patronage as to produce a tendency to a centralization of power dangerouB to the liberties of the people. The world is but a great battle-field for power; and if universal history teaches any lesson, it is this: "That power is always stealing from tha "many to the few;" that Executive heads of nationsw a s4,373.Mr. Houston's views were read. The framers of- Charleston Convention, if the two-thirds rule is re- the Constitution sought to. confine each department of jected.M. Murphy, and Spinola. - , ' vp class which. The bill to confirm Vanderbilt'e grant from the Com- is most conversant with politics and must kuow mon Couhcil of rhe City of New-York to extend a pier most of the matter. Tho complaint, however,the Government within proper limits, so that one might not encroach upon the other, and thus disturb the equilibrium; • therefore the House of Representa- tives should confine its action to the limitations and requirements ol the Constitution. It was alike due to justice and the cbarao.er of 'our. Government at home and abroad that it should not be perverted for the oppression of individuals or mere party advantages, by investigation into vague and Blon- derooa impuuitiona, founded on atreet rumors, and newspaper arfcicloe. There is a possibility that, theee tilings may have already done mU'jh to lesson the• ; •Vise'Cleveland Institute.CLEVELAND, Ohio, Monday, April 9,1860. Our dispatch of Saturday, announcing tae partial burning of. the Cleveland Institute, was in error as regards the closing.of the school for the Summeron the south side of Pier h>'o. 1, North River, was lost refers chiefly to large towns, whore \,h* alleged.Untitled DocumentThe Assembly passed the Police "billj and ordered a large number of bills to a thijed reading, ameng which were the Bankrupt bill with amendments; the bill toThe bill to increase the license fees of hawkers and turn che State upside down. The great-delect of the old Reform act,'we are told by one stde> was that itHARTFORD, Monday, April 9,1860. At the city election to-day, Henry C. Deming, Demosrat, was elected Mayor by 449 majority. Tha whole Democratic city ticket was elected by an aver-being himself a sharp terrier, but he could not see even empty benchesabout the Brkieh Censtituxion and the tie tail of the animaL However, he pitched in just f^prtad ot Socialistic ideas. Within reach of hiaare equally divided.The whole number of votes cast•*-the same as though the'"critter" was in plain sight. He moved that, the bill be i ocommittod with instructions to strike out the name of Simeon Draper as one of the corporators, which was lost. He then moved to re- commit, with inttructions to strike cut three millions as the capital stock of the Company,"and itu-crt $500,- 000, which was.alfco lost. He then proposed one or two other amendments, which were lost, and the bill was finally read a third time, and passed, 17 to 5, as follows:• YJCAS—Meeers. Abell, Bell, Ferry, Fiero, GOSH, Ketcham, Laphaas, UcOruw, AJon^gomeiy, Munroe, Jf. t. Xfturphy, fros- teT. Richmond, Robertnon, Rotou, Sessions, Warner.fSAYc—MeiiSiB. hiooa, Urttut, Kelly, J. M. ftlurphy, Spinola.To Incorporate the Sag-iiarbor Saving's Bank.An act to amend the several aces ia relation to State Prisone.In relation to the rates of Wharfage and to regulate Piere, Wharves, Buikheada aud Slips in the Cities of•New-York and Brooklyn.[The bill originally passed the Senate, but the As-sembly amended it by s irking out the provision " That" aio merchandise shall be permitted to lie on auy of" the bulkheadB or piers in the cities of New-YorK or" Brooklyn, to which there ehail be access by publiclolling thunder men of ba«T,oss ponder over pubuc- bouBe accounts and bank balances, scarcely recruited yet Bince ihe last election. On the floor of the House they expiess in eloquent terms their norror of political zealots and of borough Hampdens, who lead tueis: fel- low -citizene to war against tue institutions of our coun- ti.y. Just outside thoy regard this as auoJherpull at their purses, " Here are half a million more co be»* paid for. A candidate must now have the wealth of 4 Croatus. What purse can aiand it ? All this is to <l please Lord John Russell and got PalmeroWu out {< of a scrape. ISone but miliionaues can now hope " t o enter Parliament. Xou have reformed all tue " honest and thfa pooi." The men «^ho talk tans have regained lawjera and canvassers, paid bills, and per-haps, even looked into tacm. They know too .veil . what ihev are about themselves, bat they confess to notknow'ing exactly anatuliy what thu bdl will dofor them. • , .. Hitherto the most definite, and, at the same time, the most rational ground taken ag:iinet the bill, is the virtual disfranchieement it will occasion. Of course, it cau ouiy give by taking away, and what the largerc:a6s gains must be at the cost This b not a fatal objection, unleca the transtor ofterm.oh its final leaaing, ana subsequently reconsidered and jecommit ed to the Committee ;>n Cities and Villages, with instructions to amend by inderting a provisionhat "nothing herein contained shall divest the State f New-York of aoy right it may have in the property overed by saidpior."THE HEALTH HILL.evil already exiftts, and where ic cannot be expected that the Reform bill is to make any difference. It will not further- disfranchise the wealthy and intelligent ia tinsmetropolis. They are already aicirtiuchised Chrbaga their own iudiftVrenco ta metropoiitan aifairs, and their despair of poluical inliuuuce in this uukmdly region. Sir John Pakington himself lets fall a hint that mtght serve to qualify his alarm about unprecedented wealth•, Pennsylvania Politics,J v,\t»,'i |»iace, unanave sincebeou contluedin thaTombs,1>K aw»»T'»lx»iuuui.s IJHJHSNTl0n of a m erB n Jaqnes, WaJsh,Web»Ur,Wp^^,yfJsry,Y oA ,bvatch of New-York City m^road>ilhi were then Pelton. Began, S*ng*>, 9*rrb>, *}bp*Utft^fr^M^^Law' McArtbor, Mi llkfe. MilHu^c, ^ ^ ° ^ r \ ^ Ta^ort. Van Altty&e, Veiailye. |Kepabdc*H«S*Eorn»o,lDe»^crafain Italfc*. • " ' " ' ' ' ' _ -The affirmative vote was really 57, Mr. Jaqnee having changed h » vote to tae negative rn- ordj*r thatbe might move a reooneideration,. which he did, and his motion to reconsider, and that that motion d* he on the table, was carried. Sb-tbe bill will be put a<?*ia on its passage, but thrt-e isr reason to»fear that mooeyrTHE ANNEX A-VIQfr OF SA VO Y.Frcm The JjmAo*.W4*The Reform biilis still becalmed, and the steam can- Several bills weie reported complete, among them, not by any means be got up. Its'&d-rocatea aad its op-to facilitate -the carrying of packages, parcels, and ponents, if they may be so called,-are> equally at a lose#*•&.i '•-.peddlers wae lost—33 to 39. did not give the working classes their due share of Mr. CALLICOT asked unanimous consent to refer power; BOthis bill is to set that right. Mr. Bright,; conatituencies, it ia rather remarkable how little is staged with any distinctness about the cla«s proposed to be addt d. We are told, indeed, in genecai terms, The Assembly bill authorizing the laying-out of a that they are apt to organize, that they are a prey to delusion, that they are too much occupied.to thiok for themselves, and BOforth; hue it ia not even proved thatielung the piopeity qualification of people of color. assumed to be a hardthip that, ou the pretext ofPasted, 19 to 3, the three being. Messrs. Connolly, Ji giving the ftanohise to more, wa should leave in an utter and hopeless minority the vervThe school will not be closed.1' *>'Lake Navigation.DETROIT, Monday April 9, I860. JOJ a third reading,"Mr. Cauicott moved to recoinnmIn the Assembly, tbe-bill in relation to the healthdepartment of New-York anu Brooklyn, coming: up and intelligence. Mr. Dieiaeli tehs him tlie artisans at^SfSBS&BfSSfffirif*KortHght^SS[/XlltOff,.. flap±2&J2Merntt, MetleliS. Ansdrri.•••.•'the xnauy be too( >'^****A».4•^• Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069wgi&isffii^yn^www.fultonhistory.commMmiMsimmlkWut^•• • 