 nammjwidiiianitg.tnttvis BaaU,1*and16,arttoktjMMdI*toetMtwt sepannskedintheGlcU,andM M * » •» recurred Stan Ttiitlay. jaae a, al netf-sawi ^ » » « , * • . , • a s one* or IM geeretar7 • any such speech had bean del..lbsMam*., fortyBinesick,tor lamTwbmkw*beamoftetheO—.Me._6Fitsjfwtto nave teem at the aaeberage, abreast of the OabJSoast, by »•< o'clock A. M., en the dm/ of toe rtfitu, u J the">•Wasps,(rep.)ofMass.,saidhehadpreparedhit tpeeth with con«lnrahJe care, hot had net rondttaD to theSenate,.edesattrtogtomvetime,andasaempottttonon his return home General Cam nobnahMi a Loua Philippe of a veryprise t*M a MMat A* seManrage at Ik* allyachtswinvwlkmMMrtttml "-' " *"f*-fmihsmnrntag nflhtoeerdorafsttrtisg.character to toe Ktog and htonmtily Itaai 1atop-therefore,thatGeneralCase,heariagofthepretenceci thePrtoeedeJomviileinthiscity, shouldthinkttproper*or the turd five yean after tbe date at bto eommis•toe,$2,606. '•• itgknockeddownbyttefallingtitoberaNoneoftonAmrot, «*y.bythefourthdam,»oontamplatoda ta ne njbe bad a good excuse for absence, and, Ilka the man whohad a bad cold, it was the best ho bad. (Laughter.)brought Additional tttnmtoot from time to time were 'betore the bar. Those whose excuses were not satisfac- lory were fined.H. B —Tte Soutowett Spa been front toe centre of the been delivered on the floor, woald have tight tonexiled ana of aa exiled ktog, wheat official and social re latieaswttkGeneralCatstotheheightofbispowerwer- cf the most pleasing character.oa board of a vessel, there should he so few r e *These leaded ia good hearth are improvingdaffy. I nave furnished clothingtoalloftheci,as tbey were m a Bade state oa boarl of tbe ttea,$x,100. ^veaaeL In addmon to tbs quarters already built. I am For tbe third five yean after the date of ha coJUwTom*,atoyli,ISsn.hahag speenban which man not de.ivered. thisnamitsmtnmdetoappearmattoe tors from Sooth Carotins remained silent in seats when toe high todtotel officers of theirInkvery tuner aa other dutv for tbs ant five yean after thedateof hecostminion. $1.80Oar SpecialDespatch. WiJBUB«m», Hay J3,1880.South. Mr.Douglashadsotabaker'Bdozenofsupportera South. Be would not get the vote of a single Southern-State, except In preference to a black republican. Somesix or eight States would rather have a black republi -*nthen Mr. Douglas. He did notwant n slavecode. Be claimed the whole question wassettled m the Died Scott case, if, indeed are not ssUsaed with John Betl. Tbey say he is an oluAlterfifteenyeanalterthedateofbtocommission, $1,600.every first aestotant engineer on duty, $1,260. Wine on leave or waning orders, $9oO. Everysecondamistaniergtaeeronduty,$1/100. Whileonleaveorwaitingorders,$960.Every tbtrd assittant engineer on duty, $760. While on leave or waiting orders. $600. WARRANTED OFFICERS.Everyboat;wain,gunner,earpeiii«rsal aaileaalcer,on duty at sea, ro>- the urn three yeara' sea service after the date of bis warrant, $1,0C0.mitABT ©rixuTtOBB OS TOT RIO GXAVTJX—SOT PTKSUT OF COXTLBAS.saucesroundthiacity,andeveryotherAmericancityu. which ihey m a y sojourn a few weeks or days, or the) may be called to a fearful account when the chief c lassr renders in bis report of the Embassy at Jeddowereunroofed,andaportionoftoebuildingcarrieda dfctaiioe of more than a square4.(Here follows a long hat of unimportant .la-nag.* done to various bouses, for which we have no room )Anewbrickbuilding tntoecourt*ofcoc«iraotK>aon tbecornerofFifthandStonettreeu andnearlyDii«b*d, was entirely destroyed. Five carpenters were in tho building at the time the storm came up, three of whom ran out, and the others—Henry' Bnankmeyer aoi Henry Kicker—wereburledta theruins Theirrenaingwera aooa after exhumed to a terribly mangled ooiiUoa.Brienkmeyer retWed en BeUs street, near ban, and le-avae a wife and child. Ktoker was about twenty yeara old, and unmarried.Ibe root of a brick kiln, near the corner of Eighth and freeman streea, was blown down, atrikng ana silling a man named Themes Cole, who leaves a lauulyAportionof thewallof tbedrygood1 bouse of Win stcn L Jonnaion, corner of Race and Pearl streets, was ./blownupontheroof,breaking 11la,aad eauemg consi-derable carnage to the buildingA little boy.name unknown, was blown iato toe canal10oeileetandcarryawayhiaproperty. Ihare been assuredbythecommanderoftheUnaoftheBrazos,that orders have been tent (or the arrest of the AlcaHes at Lacbo for permitting htm to visit those placet, contrary U> t h e o r d e r * , o f t h e g o v e r n m e n t , a n d t h a t C o r t i o s s w i l l be pursued night and day with a sufficient force until•louse off Heprewntattvei. WASHINGTON, May 'J8,1860nixpAfincrauonAPB.M r . A m i , ( r e p . ) o f M a m . , t h e S e n a t e P a c i f i c T e l e g r a p hbill being under consideration, spoke of the vast impor-TherewillberequiredtodefraytneexpensesofAf ofbiswarrant,$900.ricans (captured by the United States steamer Mobs ex) For the third three years' sea service after the date of for the montb of May, 1860, tbe following amounts, viz—; .his warrant, $1,0(0.statdingnearbyjumpedinat**4,rtscuedhim.i>utamo- ment alter tbe lime fellow was again carried into .as wa- ter and drowsedacxsAsn or TOT SAW. action o f t h e Senate NavalThe promptreporting a bill for building seven additional steam aloops- •I-war, is uadoubtodly to meet the immediate necessity of tseNavyDepartmentforvesselsoflightdraughttoaidin eimii using the slave trade, which hat rapidly augmented during the test year.us regard to the Lecoanpton tanwhnWAton. Maw Yes*, baa aMobean tnmmramd to atofailuretoperformhiscontract,bytod the present one at dollars store pay.Mr. Johnson, of110-day bOhi, striking ool thetwo important appropriation for the payment of the DittriotAfter be shall have seen eleven years ac $$400. • nitytochaseapoutatdert.Intoemeantimethemem-ishingcondition,aadforitsownamtoputtingupanele- Afterbeshallhaveteenthirteenyearsat•4ln DUks, Fifteenth precinct. -Thto _ _ _ — . —tote Dilka. Fifteenth sreci wt. » This makes lb s four In-specters, wito Daniel Carpeate? and Folk of Brooklyn, Sergeant Caffney, ef the Broadway squad, Sergeant Palmer, of toe eteamhnal squad, aad Oeraaaal Skats ofTbey have not aa yet been detailed to any 1OnmotionofMr.Acros,SergeantCrope•eyj,ofton Thirdward,waadetailedtotakechargeoftoeau. squad, and Drill Sergeant Helms to the Broadway squad.Tbs IbUewing report of the sanitary police eras re eatved, after which toe Board adjourned —No officers of maiinea were among the rioters onday night. The ililmtal probably grow out of a tor*?aftames. AllenseloeersoflbsMarineCorps are qutet asd orderly tantiemes, who do s o t intortore inThe tattle son tohaving teem directed b y resolution tosubject. They aaat tor the Secretary of the United AgncnttxralSoctetyto-day, w h o g a v e a•ftoe disease.m a w r or VBWJBBS 10 rax SAVAI ACADBBVThe feUowtog nnvnl offlcert hav* baaself useful te the return to Africa of the negroes of the Echo, and will be employed again to do the same asrvtoe for these two new cargoes of the WUdftre and the William, thus tbs administration, backed u p by Congress'will, b e ableto employ tbe society advantageously to too govern meat sad Wthe colony of Dberia.Mr. SenatorWilson's newbill fortbemoreerAotnal suppression of thia African traffic, by a curious coinci-Every lieutenant oa other duty shall receive$1,600.After he shall have Been seven years a m asrvtoe to tks navy, $i,«oo. „ _Afterheshallhaveseennineyearsteaservice,$1,700.After b e t h a i have seen eleven years s e a service, $1,800.Alter bo thall have teen thirteen yeara sea atonrmt, $1,876.WattSSdstreet-182,ISO.to the ttflari a t snore negroes off the Isle of Pines, b y ike UBJtea Stoles itsamer Wyanlot. Referred to Judiciarysua ov rota axxxiixo. Mr.GXMBS,(ito» oflaern,httredBOtdnh^oiry, addressed to to* Secretary of War, in regard to toe tale of the Fort Snelling resarratioii-1 liBUHttln ensued aa to the propriety of sendingan toaatrytothe Secretary of War.Mr. Davm, ( d a m ) o f Mnm, otmtonded that it could only be addressed to the PresWent.After further noisy proceedings the Bouse again treatinto committee on the Civil Appropriation bill, and soon thereafterreportedittoIkeBoonewithvariousamend- Mr.Douglasintbesoutn?tfttoests.CArTCOTDBBHaOSBX*BITWSBT., (dem)af La., from the Cosxmlttee on to to* President a St Btf West, and in Ttow of the argency,andIkebsiiwntta« JFfilmnirrc CuamnMsa, etctoefirstintt..waballtbsaraiiab'e Torcethat couldbe tobe devoted bylbs Prtocsto towing hatlastoropaf obtainedonthtoialaxJ,andTata%|gjsed toanythatbywild oats. Weremember when be was here some toe4thInst,tothemsratog, •«£«'••aa surge n. $2.«00 Fortoefourthfireyeanafterthe dateofbitbeen torn from tia tastes trigs. The greatest tears were ror a few mmutes entertained that tbe tall and unsightly steeple of this edifice, resetting heavenward nearly three ntudred feet, would be bltwa down. We do not wonder that property holders and otben is the vtctntty, as they sawitr«.cktoandfro,aadbendlike a reedinthegals, Bani.'eeted the greatest tooettuee for its safety.Tke roof of toe Ladka' Mnaten church an Otrr street, near Linn, waa entirely stripped from toe building and tendedmtoestreet.AmannamedFrederickFlitzberger, who was paaateg attoe time, narrowly escaped death. A horse which he *aa artvug was instantly killedTheTaeernaclechorea,cornerefJohntadClark,was partially unrooted,andtoerearwallnearlymwanwaaag.a ac officer, and a man ef very hittoexperience, notwub- Etesdixg his long rmnittna wtth toe department.TterearetOBtotnJfadcseamptoiatyet to be sppotot- ed, and about tea ar twelve Bergman, which will a a doubt be tbotUy made.Conrt Cnlendnr—Tnia D a y .Pvvsxax Corar—Circuit —AOjOurnad to Friday. Onason PiSAS—Part 1-Noa 2016, 2601. 2064, ejaja2670,2072,2t73,2074,2*76,9676,1788,11-60,2061,2001, 1578 Pait 2—Ncs. JSOS, 1870, I860, « * , l642, 406 iU'.,3'0, ail, lote, 1882,327,1710, 1898, 286,826, 43, ileif,2(81.CatmotionofMr.MAuoa/thebilltoincreasethepay •?manary waswtiun up,and theantoodmantoafaba(earn) of Va., the Senate toe Military Academy Mi),rire*i<*CmB*,-Part 1-Not167,477,479,476,23$. WeunderstandmatachurchInIoitonwasinjuredbut 423,4V7,4Sl,«»,6ag,a07,teB,(461.46t.) 468,4*7.itSTCommittee,inSB10Farmefourthfiveyearaaftertoedate ofhia oeauato tma,$x,aoo.occupants ofthe boomwere injured,butaMrs Stereo, whobadjust1toppedoutofagrooary,wasttraskbya targe piece of the roof, aad naaiy, taangk act aw wounded. Tbe lento dtouiet ecbaaibeaae, oa Vteewas partially earooferf, but BOoae worn injured TbeSixthfftrtottsknilbiasi,neartheownerofasdAdamsstreets,andtoefierialb,eaCanton betweea Ian and Locust, wore both partially uarooi The reei of the ateobaatos' rnetttuto was parttairyaway, aad a porttea ef a leaded is Vtee street.bay who was seaateg ta aa express wagon was complete lyburted,betaaaomeatafterbeemergedfromthetwatt-*TEWS 7E0M WASHINQrON. tad e*»n aasntted. He (Mr. Bhmmond) pronounced theTks Prince, Itto aaid, will, in a daw ortwo, snake a fishtog excurstoa to the great Falto of Ike Potomac, son* havtog a buildlag reveniy five feet long erected, for a $2,440.m » ^ i • • * * ^ ' — *•,—ii-ii-inri^~tortoaifourteen miles above this city, at which place his fatherdaringhiswanderingt manyyearnatototheUaaeoaatee, stopped the greater part of ttmsmaaawr, a beardei tbs guard employed within tbe enclosure, as it is hazard In a frame house on Ike bank of toe river, to the wood* ouster them to quarter in the same building wrtu toe_,**•H^nnosorephedthatthegreatmamofthepeople Continuation of the Political of South inroonn did not favor tie slave trade, andcon- eiodpd by raying that t h e Stnntor from MataaohaseutUnited States Army, commanding the post at thia ptase for the military guard a a d small field pieces which b has kindly fuinabed m e upon m y appbmtioo. Thi guardconsistsofsixmenanda sergeant. Themeaar relieved every twenty-four hours, and have their quar ton outside of Ike enclosure.1very profmsor of math*matics on duty, $1,800. When en leave cr waiting order*, $900.Debates in the Senate.and others on that tide of toe chamber were chartered nssrttoss.Mr. DAVS^ (dea.) of Mhm, offered a retolutton that the Committee oa Ike Library report some mole of obtainingENGINEERS.Evry chirr engineer oaduty,for the first fire yeanHowtheDebatesareOfficiallycorrectreportaofthedebatesoftheSenate,andthatmenCapt Brannaa hat atoo tendered me the net of histto.,$2 2tO fortheibidfiveyearsafterthedateofhiacommitReported.OFKSATHnre OH THE BIO GRAUDE.sures.ee token to prevent alterations in spirmhss chang eg their meaning. The subject waa laid over,ran PouTKui Datura coniunnm.Mr. Davie' Territorial rmitrattoaa came op.Mr. w.«.rAu, (dean.) of Texas, defended th e action of the Southern delegates at Charleston, aad pronounced Mr. DanglestobepottttoaUydead. Hedenied that Mr.Boaim, $2,460to prevail to by as dotoghecumrly as his s^. Be(Mr.WUeoo)spoketorI padtoravetoetimeofthe_.Mr.HAXOSOXDsaidthattheSeen! reflections upoa thejudmary of hislieutenant Ccmmacdlrf Craven, to 60T. I regret to say thatofthis numberfifteenhavediedtmcetheywere tended. There me at present under treatment to tbe not- rial about thirty five atck, principally cases of diarrituea.have employe] two of tbe mort experienced pfcys.c.ais oathemianatoattendonthesick,aadhavealsosr-surM tbeservicesofcompetentBursastowaitupontoera.Itto a matter of great surprise to m e that, out of such=ot as a representative of Koropeaa legitimacy, but aa tk» a large number of human beings, closely conHoed costratalsmb. «3,100.e which, if Khad pelted. B e aswssstod agslaat the pitmbiw of pubFar twenty yean at d upwarli after toe data of bitcharges omitoraed in his (Mr. WUson't) speech unjust and batfoe. MrHammoadthenpreeeedeltovindicatethe poray of the South Caroor -hospital, which will be detached from the other. It arul atoo be neotreary to pat ap a email house for quarters torFor tbe fourth five yean after too date of aton,f-6X0.TOT ABUTT ArTUorea i n w BILL.TheSenateMUttaryCommitteearerillengagedupontheofficialreporterstoreportonlytheproceedingsto ThenewtofthecaptureofanotherAfricanslaverofforder e n d exclude undelivered speeches, but concurred in the amendment striking out the appropriation for an Auxiliary Guard for the city of Washington.The bill passed appropriates about $5,700,000. THX CTVn. APPROFUIATIOII BOXThe House went Into oommltiee on the bill making a a appropriation for certain dril expenses, including the coast survey and fight house establishment.On voting oa the amendments it w a s frequently ascer- tained that a quorum was not to attendance. The usual made daring the recess, and which have baas reported parliamentary m»ans were retorted to for the purpose ofbytbeJ>"avalCommittee. Withoutcomingtoanyconelo- securingonedoneia esttinteda t$1,000.0*0.All the townsandthe Army Appropriation bill.IXCBBABB or ran PAT or ran XAVT.The Navy Pay bill BOW only awaits t h e action o f t h e Proudest to become a law.ran XAVAL ippoimisjiTS.The Senate, to executive tension to-day, had a vary ani-the coast of Cuba, with five hundred negroes on board, byone of our government cruisers, will attract tbe attentionof the civilized world to the successful policy of MrBuchanan't administration on Into subject To say nothingof the Echo, these two captures of the Wildfire and the an act of Congress approved March 2,1867, thai! receiveBtoled debate in regard to several naval appointmentsWilliam will do more to discourage tbe African traders in tbe article of niggera than the combined squadron of rig- land and tbs United States on the African coast have done fortholastsixyean. InhismessagetoCongressthe otherdayupontbecase oftbeWildfire, Mr.Buchanan recommended-tomegeneralprovisionbytowforthere turn of such recaptured Africans, In anticipation of other captures before long, which shoes that be has fount out that toe Cuba coast it better than tbe coast of Africa for the detective operations of our vessels of war.The British government will also discover now that In opposing tbe British doctrine of tbe right of search even tolbshazardofwartotheGulfof Mexico,Mr.Buchanan acted to good faith, and not wtth a view of screening tuchsmartens ships s s might otbsrwiH b e seized a a d condemned a t slavers. " I t ia a a LU wind that blows nobody any good;-' aad thai old m w will now aptly apply to Ike American Colonization Society, whose headquarters are In thia city. The societyto to a flour-tto*teregardtotheirrespectivecases, they adjourned. Theywillprobablyberesumedattheirnextteaman.inn eovoos arvsmmATJOs.Before the Covode Committee to day Mr. Dill stated thathe had obtained permtotioa to give has name of hia tn fortaani. It was Senator Bbjtor, who will shortly testifyAtseveno'clockthedoorswereclosedtobeartheex- cuses of absentees, some of which were on account of stikaattorabsencefromthecity. Other reasonswere elan given of a comical character, which excited much merriment-Mr BocuesT, (dem) of La,, said he had "paired off tor fife." and was now oa hia wedding tour.Mr. Wtxeiow, (dem ) of N. C., tt waa aaid, was to-day very assiduous In h a attendance o a t h o Japanese, and therefore it waa reasonable to suppose that h e was now absent, extending national csuxtetiet to the great Tycoon, (langhtor)Mr. ftosmnsB, (dem.) o f Pa,—Is it Ike tame old oooar (Renewed tserrisMBl)Mr. Wtostow was not excused.Others asd been seined with the pains of hunger aad thirst, and tone after something to eat.The Tornado inLorisYiiiK, May 23,1860.A tornado, tbe moat violent ever knows, visited this, city on Monday afternoon, accompanied witb lightning, rain a n d bail, unroofing houses, uprooting trees, a n d doing other damage. Two mea were kilted sad several wounded.Oa the river a fleet of coal boats ware sunk, and a number of steamboats damaged aad wrecked.Ike storm was from tbs northwest, and waa equally destructivetathisvicinity.*NEWSPAPER ACCOUNTS, (From the Qnrtaaatl Enquirer, May 22.)Aboutthreeo'clockyesterdayafternoon,tbecttyaadvicinity were visited by the most violent and destructivetornado over wttneaesd to this latitude. The storm,which was accompanied by the most vivid lightning and sheavytollofram,hadbeenbrewingforseveralboonprevious. Throughout Sunday night and yesterday forenoon there waa a good deal o f bign wind, and a t timettoe atmosphere w as exceedingly mephitio, sultry andclose. These occasional gusto, however, were but tbe Bayard street—08, 100. prelude to the frlgnUaliy terrific hurricane which fol-twoirs o'clock.1tte Ftorm, the training of urn timber, and tbs shrieksof IL'Mxtf STATU CTXCCTT <The Bouse son concurred In the amendment requiringMr.Boraron, (dem ) of Ate,, wanted n rooststor an hoar, in order to give the Sergeant at Arma an opportu-sreoouldgohemetodinner.SrsAKxn (Mr. Colfax temporarily presiding) de- toe recess out of order.TkS Sergeant at- Arms repeatedly brought la absentees, memMr.Bans,(dem.)ofNY.,who,asanexthat there h a d been snob continued noise ifneton that tt had oaossl hit headto ache, and mat he had gone outto see If the fresh air would net re- store him. This assemblage,beadded,waslikeatowngantDuildingonPennsylvaniaavenue. Ithasprovedit- $1260.excuse t h e rnssaiatog absentees when others had been fined.conciliation. Senator Hammond denounced squatter so vc reignty to day as -the offering of a morbid spirit of mobo- cracy," and if thia be tbe opinion of this conservative Southern man, what chance can there b e for peace uponAbout seventy feet of the spire ot 8t. Joseph's church,enthesoutheastcornerofLinnaadLaurelstreet*,was onewhotothoroughlyacqaateieawitnpolicemsntoracan blowndownandfellupontheroofoftoebuilding,crush berewardedbypromotion,tnattheComatotawoenaaek togeverythingbeneathitscoursetofragments,andbury noneonlythosewhoareleadingpoiittenasandcan togItselfintoebodyofthechurch Here,too,thewalls beofadvantageto toe replbucaa party. Certainly, are badly shattered, and toe organ almost entirely dettroyed.tttato. .. _At halt past sine the House adjourned.Tfea Fiia.ce DoJolavllle km Washington. Ol'B WAAHTJteTON COBJtK3rt>NDKNCX.WASHMGTOS, May 23, I860. InterwtMie Awhxedenei of (kt JVtaes e / • Jbrmar Vint to W^Jkwiptcn-iru JWtor'i sojourn af In* 0r«a< JtjDsof ttiPotomac general Cast buita thePrUtoe toHit Bom*, a* Reported—F\utn§ Reports About the /apstoeto—Mr.Yancey,ofAlabama,baaissuedamanifestoadvis tog the aaesdert at Cbarelston to have nothing to do WHO the Douglea Baltimore Convention, but to go to their own Convention,nominatetheirticket—Jo.LaneandJefferson Davis or Jenaraoa Davis aad Jo. Lane—and l e t t h e Balti- uore Convention take it or the consequences of refusing it; and we dare say that this cowta of action will be adopted.Tbe FITS Husdrtd Africans a t K e y West. LSJRWJIS ACGOMTANTINe THK PBISHHENT'S MESSAliB.UxrrsD STATES MABBHAL'S O m c s , I KIT Wxwr, May 10, lSdo. jfrom appearance*, there teema to be a determtoa-KBWYORK HERALD THURSDAY, M A Y2 4 ,1860.-TRIFLESHEET.3ThePrince deJoiaviUeistheBoooftheday attheNationalHotel Heaatall,distinguishedlootingFrench-siaa, and if ever la s whirhgtg of French revolutionsshould bring uppermost again toe younger branch of toeBoorbos*,andIkePrinceshould becomeIkeKingofFrance, ho wlUoa proaounced a saodel of a monarch. Bij alleged, however, that thia vtut to the United States it Ikanm. aditeeot to Fort Taylor. 1 commenced work oaaton as turgeon, $2,600Fortwentyyearsaad upwards after lbsdata ofbtotwelve or fifteen years ago that oe w as a vary fast young man; that he emoeed himself riding oa the tsss- wsiks,overturning appm stands, oaady tobies, to., aadb y retcrnag along th ehad been inclosed wtth a fence six feet tog lee lest tesg, aad a kitchen readiness to reeelfe tkem.Tbe lending of the Africans commenced about twelve o clock, nooa, on tbe 4th tost., aad by four o'clock P. M.have tot heard to what exttnt, * The Feortceato District school house, oa Baymilter street, betseen Hay ten and Bank, was entirely unroofed,Pert S-Wen 866, 6»>«, 478,120, 372, 486, 688, 690, tax, 69*. SWC, («0, 601.) 6X2,6td, 606.then delighted the iidnrod partiessurgecn oa auty at tea, $1,600.on foot and paytogthem double the annmges theyn prtoee, and all the old them.toinviteaimtoIksboepitalitiea ofthehisboomPassage ef the neural A»fH*priaUon motion would be made bymJndtotery, and h padtonne older Senator tost ronld beta by. and la full view of toe tons Fifteen: years ago Africans, owing to the prevalence of cutaneous diseaset Every puraar aa leave or waiting orders, for tbe first • ? H ^ «%»»•? On aicml Building, on toe north-B01 in tLve Hint.it a slop to this perpetration of fra^d and forgery.llr_ WTISCW, (rap.) of Mats, rojolned-rtoiad pot Mhmg is hie speech he waa a^c.twwltllhltnog te avow it and been th e freqoent pracUoe of Senators to put in theiror so. when we were last there, the old rustic arm char tn which Leus Philippe had been to Ike habit of takir... hia afternoon stasia w a s anon n to us, n very precious raito,eotmeerabtywhittled,aad,Ifnotsincewhittledsaamong toe tetter.I am pleased hi inform the Department that I am under great obligatiote to Mr. Jtmes C. Ctapp, civil engineer, aadIkeagvathichargeofFortTaywr,for tbevaluablefive yean after the date of ato ronmtotton, $1,400.For the aetond five yean alter the date of bto commit m, $1,6C0 Forthethirdfiveyeanaftertbedateofbtocommitearn coiner ot Puerto asteBace. waa rotted together as aW. Colemaa,ahoutaaka taeare east A small portion of„,weightogperhaps«typound,,was borae Jowgto the air, and struck toe cornice of.tte roc/ofnr Nixon'snewbuildteg,oatoecomerofFourth aid Vtae streets, a dauaaos of more than a square, tedaatias tt considerably and shivering to atoam the large pteto ens*apeaekes matier additionalto thatspokesentoefloorm CM), Oottt Innreyud Lighthouse ippro- Be reiterated the statement that a Judge in Charleston mely away, into old arm chair may be still rotatead u aaatotanee rendered ate by hit advice In the eroedoa o m, $1,809.prittMi Bii] fiiMd ii Onmittee.badgrosslypervertedthetawtoshieldpersonssniitvof thathistoricalforestcottage. quarters,andlortbeuseofmaterialsandworkmenfur ntobed ma from the fort for that purpose, all of whichFor>befourthfiveyeanaftertbedaisof btoeommis sten, $2,000.Surgeons, Engineers a n d Ctia.pia.ina. The followingto the bill increasing the pay of officers In to Cover the Expanses rf these Late and Prospective Cuba tbe navy, surgeons, engineers, chaplains, and others, as CoastCaptures—SenatorWiUm'sBill—ProposedAd itpassedtheHouseonMonday.Itremovestbeobjec-of that day 4Mput r p for1 oa ether <tnty, tl.dM.Wats sa Move er waiting erdera, $l,Ku.ASSISTANTSPKOBONS. ^v«rysmtotaataargeoaondutyatsea$1,210.»h*a en otter «oty,1.06O.When oa teave cr waning erdera, $8-0.D,a,CTEvery <>* outy at sea, tor tks first five yeantor the earn of totoftmentommatea.$2,0to.For toeMrseececeead tee yean after the date af bto earn aton,$x,«CO.c>;kJret>. prfsesten a efene ef the Late* Metaer, ent of the teacaers,wag at hairy byfaBtegbricksthatthewillbeunabletoattendtebar aakastortwoortore*weeks,andeanoftbepuptot,a Malegirl named Marymatert,rdetdtogea Unastreet.The Srcosd Intermediate (Third datrtot) aoboojrtoasa, en »l«o street, between lock s a l Bssim, was atoo ena- peaaty mtfoottd, and Ike brick fence ta treat ef the build-tftoprtoeeafgoodml Therebadbaeihisfather,louis Pbdhpps,wasKtogoftoe carpenter'eshop FortTaylor,ma bethe aTtoitttr af Ike United the total number, including men, women aad cbtiren. a UieTuilerles. Anditwinberememberedthai receivedbyits,andforwhichIbaregivenareceipttoviolating the law against the slave trade. He had yielded were promptly granted to me upon application, and <rith1°.*A P 0 1 ^ 5 w S S « *>•* Cnroltnn, wttich fnvor- The Japanese are pretty nearly played out to Washing oat which much delay would have been oscasionei in For twenty yeara and upwards after tbs date of bto tooaeof the windows of toe upper etory Aa the roofetf Ike revrval of the elave trade.providing shelter for the Africans 1amatoounderobligationstoCaptainJohnMBranaancommtoaisn, $2,260.PROFESSORS OF MATHEMATICS.of the builoicg was dragged along by tbe tore* of the storm,itbrushed away aportionoftbeinsidewall which fell upon the skylight of Johnson* toe cream aa' looo.immedtstelv adjotoiag, crushing a a d stovert o * t o atoms every thing in tta way, and burying ttsetf to toe basement. Tbetornto theproprietorsoftoeCommercial will be about $2,000, while that of Mrs Johnson, to to jury to furniture aad to business, wttl be about $600. Tbs tetter bunding waaowned by Jbaathan Qgdea,whose torn willbeaboutthesame.ton. They have created a good imprests rm. They a r esatiable, polite (exceedingly polite), aad apparently highlyamusedor.entertainedorsurpitoedwttheverythingthey aee and hear. Like all other dark completion*people, they soon acquire a fixing for aegnrt aad brandyIn lounging about their hotel, they seem to plume thornservesuponthedignitywhichattaches to a manwtth»segar in hia mouth, and w e have heard tt alleged tba<even too princes of the Embassy can punish n brandysmash or a cock toil la a style nat would do honorto aTexasranger.Itiesaid,atoo,thatfindingittobethe wholecommandtocueofemergency.custom of the country, they are very fond of shakio, Within the enclosure I have a guard or eleven civilians,hands with the ladies. W e have even heard tt attegeo who perform duty day and night, and are absolutelythat, notwithstanding the solemn oath, tavolving fo« necessary to direct and keep the Africans in good d>ciits violation the penalty of death, which the* pline. I have also to service a Spaniard wno was 00took, every man of this Embassy, before leaving Japan board the bark Wildfire, and claims to have been a pasto keep themselvm perfectly exempt from aiv contact stager on board that vessel. B is services are Invaluable $1,200.with the crinoUne or the outsioe barbarians dating their to me in controlling these people. I bare found no aiffi For the second five yean after tho date of his commis-chananaeetterofacceptancejustifiedtheinterpretationpot absence, there It danger,,if these Ce.estiais donot cuttyinprovidingfoodfortheAfricans,andtrusttohave sion.$1,300.upon tt b y t h e advocates o f tqantter sovereignty look sharp, of some executions among them on their r e none during t b s time they may remain here. The sup For tbe third five y e a n alter the data o f bto oommte- tea feet, partially prostrated BesaidItwaanotrighttoforcead*tastefulmanontheturn.Letthembecareful,therefore,Intheirreconnotpryofwateratpresentontheislandtoiargerthanusualsten,$1,400. Oeyer'sAssemblyRooms,onCourtstreet,nearMain,Themanagers here oftheConstitutionalUnionparty from Colonel Lea, commanding the Department it was a judicial question at all. He denied that the de- whig tcssii, and that he cannot be galvanized into life—1werereceived attheWarDepartmentthisaf Texas, elated Fort Brown, May 8, I860. Be communi- mocratic party ever endorsed the compromise measuresof1860. MrDouglaswaa notthechoiceofthe party, nor of his own friends. If Mr. Douglas wishes harmony, let btm withdraw. The Sooth woald take most nay other man. If a republican were elected he woald never be President of thirty-three Slates.Mr. DooLrms, (rep.) of Wis , said if a vote could be token he would my qpthiag, but if the discussion waa tc go on be should feel it hia duty to my something. Tbe Senator from Texas had said that the Senator from 1111• Doia waspolitically dead. Ifso, thia waathelongest funeralceremonybehadeverheard.licanparty—thatevenwitbaconfirmedsplitofthedemo cracy a t Baltimore, provided that Dougtaa be nominated a the champion ot toe Northern dtvuuon, the blacks cat, be swamped by running the election intoCongrem Howlmake itsappearance inonr nvdst,1trutt thatihrre movalof the Alrictas from here will lu'ie place at an early day.cate*thedetainaftheoperations atColonel Stoaemaa,whoai ha had despatched with a small force of men toparens and capture Cortina*, who, It was alleged, was isthe TSciaity ot the Wo Grande. H e says -Prom reportswhich 1have received I oontlder that Cortiuat baa aban-doned lbs frontier and retired to the Interior of Mexico. He1ridtobearoundtherangeof hiDtatthefootoftoeHem Madre, about one hundred miles fromtheBis Grande. Hia raoent vistt to the Hear vtlleywaa act for the purpose of depredation, bat Acjou'ncd.For the second three yean' sea service after the date of In thia way: The old line wbiga and Amencaas of tbe the probable amount required to defray the necessary his warrant. $1,160.On motion ot Mr. HAu, the resolutions were postponed alone will d i, to throw the election tntoc ingress, andtill two o'clock to morrow.tbat will suffice to throw out the republican candidate, and elect the Southern or Northern democratic candidate tntheHouseorIntheSenate,asournextPresident.arrested. Although I have no reason to expect hia arrest, tance of such a communication between the two oceans, do his stare of the work by breaking up the republican For medical attendance, medicines,250 CO1,550 00 his warrant, $600.lije steamer Virginia Home, whicu left the wait arestored, and t i e occupants of ranches between Sdtnburf and Brownsville are returning to their homes and return tog the cultivation of their fields. I shall at once return t» San Antonio.TIB 4TU.TTK AXD PAHRC TELXaEAFB.of s a yA number ot gentlemen earnestly sought the Qoor, amidthe usual coci wion.Mr. COLFAX, (rep) of ltd., mid they wanted astion andAn Iiish Catholic, heretofore a democrat, tail to us yet terday, that tn casting steward overboard tbe republicans threw away perhaps 100,000 Irish Catholic votes in ail the North, that would have been good for the ticket of Sew- ard, upon the single issue of Gov. Ssward't liberal genuine Catholic policy in regard to tbe common schools of New York. But what can the republicans do In New York now? Tbey have soured Seward and his friends, they have given offence to the Know Nothings by thecbarged on the books of the treasury Dspartment), and direct that a draft on the Assistant Treasurer, New York, for the amount be remitted to me at Key WestFERNANDO MORENO, United States Marshal Southern District of Florida. DEI-AKTMKNT or rax INnation, May 16, 1860.select from the Ifisssmipgl o r Missouri rivers, and fixing the amount at three dofJart par message instead of four.THX JHJCT MIX.Mr. George Briggs Is pushing t h e Mint bill with greatargency,andiswaitingtheactionoftheSecretaryofthe •inregardtotheestimatescalledforby Mr.1 from the Commerce Committee. coNsn c n m i TO COSSTA-TTIXOPLS.BeeryDJohnson,oftheDepartmentofState,hasbeendisorder. lie said it was impossible to understand what was going on.The hPKAKXR succeeded In effecting comparative quietCUKK B COCHRAXB, (rep.) of N. Y., moved to table the bill. Negatived, 80 against 01.TttB CKSKfUL APPRoPRlA TlnV BILL. WithoutfurtheractiontheHousewentintoCommittee oftheWholeontheStateofikeUntonontoelegislative,against Lincoln, and with Douglas in the field, a sufficient traction of this majority will untie to give New York to Douglas.With such estimates of the Northern popularity of Dang las prevailing in his camp, we have Little doubt that, wtth or without the consent of t h e Baltimore Convention, h e willberanasthelegitimatedemocraticcandidate Torthe Preatoeacy. BeamyfailtoreachtheWhiteHouse,butporta the arrangements h e h a t made for their support, clothing, medical attendance, to., and urges their speedy removal from the country, as tbe season Is rapidly a p - proaching when tbe yellow fever may be expected to make tta appearance at Key West. The Marshal asks a n immediate remittance of the sum or $12,000, to meet the estimatedexpenseshetounderthenecessityofincurring 00thisaccountduringthepresentmonth;andIrespect- fully recommend that you direct this to be done out of tbe appropriation made by the act of 3d March, 1869, to ena- bletbePreaidenttocarryIntoeffecttbeactof3dMarch, 1810,forthesuppressionoftheelavetrade(vol.xof Statutea at Large, page 404), to be aoounted for by the Marshalintoeusualmanner.Prior to the 9th May, 1860, advances were made from the judiciary fund to the extent o f $6,947, which, since that date, have been increased to $11,348 10 for the ex- penses properly payable from tbe appropriation for the suppression of the African slave trade; and 1 have also to recommend that that amount be now transferred from tbe latter appropriation to tbe judiciary fund.J. THOMPSON, Secretary. BUI Increasing t n e Pay o f Naval Officers,and in vessels employed by authority of law.Se:. 4 . And be it further enacted, That nothing In this actcontainedshallbeheldtomodifyorailacttheexisting power ot toe Secretary of the Navy to furlough officers,or to affect the furlough pay.Sec 6- And be it further enacted, That tbe Increasedtnmlasaiil as Consul General to Constantinople, regarded as a mort excellent appointment.this ispropriation for an AuxiHury Guard. Mr.FLOKXXCS,(dem.)ofPa.,causedtobereadthere-solutionsottheCityCouncilsinreprobationofthedistur- bance or the republican serenade on Saturday.Mr.WASLU.CR.NIS,(rep)of111.,said thetestresolution was untrue. There was not a policeman on the ground. Mr. PtORETCX remarked that there was but one senti-ment of the community In detestation of the riot.Mr. Cmraru. (rep) of Pa., mid the disturbance com- menced at the Washington House T h e rioters followed the procession to Eighth street with all the violence of aa organised mob. There wnt" not n policeman on toeground.The amendment waa agreed to.The committee rote.Mr. WxsBBcxxx, (dem.) of m., desired to obtain the fioor at an early period to engage the attention of the House relative to a aistinguiahed citizen of hia State (M*. Lincoln)whohadjustbeennominatedastherepublican candidate for President, and who would be elected. H e intendedparticularlytoreviewhiarecordinCongress and correct the gross misrepresentations already ttnde.power to a controlling Influence over the next admlntotra Uon. Thiswillbebetter,hisfriendscontend,thantosub nuttogo10thewalltoobediencetotbedemandsofthe Southern fire eaters.Aawedose, Mr.Senator Benjamin (democrat),of Louisiana, to taking the sklu off tbe back of Mr. Douglas in the most scorching exposition yet made of his bad faith touching tbe Dred Scott decision.Tne African Slave Trade. OCK W ASHINGTON CORKBSPONDJBNCE.WASHINGTON, May 21,1800.The African Slave trade Supprtstion as Managed by Mr Buchanan't Administration—The Cuba Cout Deteclives— A General Oonttogtnt Appropriation Atked of Oongretscallel into active service, shall receive th e pay of their respectivegradesashereinprovidedduringtbetermof suchservice: Provided, Thatnothingheretocontained shall be construed to change or modify tbe present pay ofofficers onthereserved list,eitheronleave orfur lough.THE TEBBIFIC TORNADO.Over One Hundred Lives Lmt-Une Mil- lion or Dollars of Property Destroyed, etc., 4te.store of Mr. Moses, aad several other bocsee. were ea tirelyorpartiallyunroofed. Amannamed Rowanwaa sobadlyinjuredbyafailingroof,inLovetond,tnatIttthought impcetible for him to recover TberailroadshopatLawrenneberg,wenndemaad,hasbeen entirely demoinbed.The Catholic Seminary on the b ' l beyond t h e BrightonHouse, was unroofed and otherwise badly damage*!.The storm visited Cummtngsvtlle with great fury. Toe tin reof v.as torn completely off toe Catholic OrphanAsylum, without doing any Injury to the inmates. The sign of Dorr man's Hotel was torn from Its fastenings, and carried several yards distant, and smashed into frag- ments.Amilkman,whosenamewecouldnotlearn,wasriling home in bis wagon, and as he approached the covered bridge across Muicreek, the bone, wagon, man, and milk cant, were lifted off tbe road aad thrown across tbe wing wall of tbe bridge into the creeE. The driver had nn legTRS TAXLTY MIX.The Tariff bill now before the Senate Finance Commit-toe wiUprobably come before the Senate in a few days. Senator Cameron at of opinion that tt will past the Senate. Be will strain every nerve to carry tt.not speeches.Mr. SMITH, (dera.) of Va., thought tt unfair that the deI have the honor to submit, for your information, acopy of a communication this d a y received from F. J .Mortno, United States Marshal for tbe Southern Districtor Florida, dated the 10th tost, officially reporting the Navy Yard, Waanington, shal> receive the sea service pay landing of over five hundred Africans from the slaver of the grade now next above himThe House Post Office Committee at their meetsag to morrow will recommend to the House bate ibould be con lined to the friends of the bill.scene amendments to the Telegraph bill now Mr. ALixT replied that the discuaiioa had been con •« Dutch plank " in the Chicago platform, and they havefined mainly to the enemies of the measure. cut off the Irish Catholic vote which Seward would have under consideration. They propone to change]!! to as Daring subsequent proceedings, Mr. Cranr, (dem.) of been competentto bring to their aid. At this day thereto have it start from anypoint the coat-actorsmay Ala.,roaato apoint oforder relative to the prevalent toa popular majority of fifty thousand in New YorkWildfire, recently captured b y t h e steamer M o Sec. 3. a n d b e 11 further enacted, That hereafter n o hawk on the coast of Cuba, and stating that rervlce shall be regarded as tea serviae but such as shall he now has tkem ia hie custody. Be atso re- beperformedat seaunder theorders ofa department,ExecutiveaadJudicialAppropriationbill.The amendment pending was one to ttrtot out (ho ap- he will by running aecaro, at ail events, tbe right and toopayhereinbeforeprovidedformastersshallattach11mastsnnotintheIntoofpromotion,whetherontheactiveor reserved bat; and officers on the reserved list, when toe extent of $S,000. Tbe railroad depot building, theatthisseasonoftheyear,andIhopetoexperienceno difficulty in supplying them with all they may require.In making arrangements for the safe keeping of the Africans I will use all the economy within my power, and trustthatthecoursewhichIhave pursued thus farwill meetwiththeapprovalofthePreaident.I sm pleased to inform the Department that the healthof the island ia good at present; but aa the time is ap that Douglas la the only chance for swamping the repub proasbing when the yeUow fever may be expected tolate Know Nothing organization In the North, who have been insulted b y th e 'Dutch pltak" in tbe republican platform, will let the Bell ticket go by default, and wit join the democracy in a grand rally upon Douglas, and thus bewill carry the Slates of Rhode Island,COD necticnt. NewYork, NewJersey and Pennsylvania, which will do. New York alone w.il do, or Pennsylvaniaexpenset of tbe captured Africans for tbe month of May The Department will be pleased to direct allcommuntcations for m e to be sent to Charleston, to come i*i tbe attamer isabel oa toe 4th and lfi'.h of each month, in stead of tbe Feraandina route, whico at tnla time is reryFor tbe third three years' sea service after the date of hie warrant, $1,240.For tbe fourth three yean' tea service after toe date of hit warrant, $1 360.For twelve years' sea service and upwards, $1,460. WHENONOTHERDUTY.For the nrat three years' sea service after the date of his warrant, $800.Andsoitis contended that astbedemocracycannotbe reunited efficiently for this campaign, tbs very best thingtheycandoatBaltimorelatoagreetodivideintoa Forexpensesoftemporaryquarters,mechan-Forthefourththreeyean'teaaarviceafterthedaleof AaEoonasthewindbegantoblowstrongly.tbenternNorthern and Southern party, with Douglas as the candi d a t e o f t h e N o r t h e r n p a r t y , a n d D a v i s a t t h e c a n d i d a t e o f tee Southern ptrty, whereby toe South may be retained to the democratic cause by the latter, while Douglas willics, Forfoodandclothing For guardsFor nursesto hospitalto$2,60000 7,00000700 00hit warrant, $1,100. Fortwelveyean'seaserviceandupwards,$1,200.WHEN ON LEAVE OH WAITING ORDERSFor the liret three yeara' sea service after the date ofllnee of all the steamers were untied. Tne storm soeo forcedtoesterrsofalltheboatsupthestream *t>lmost of them escaped injury The bargee of the o< .0 Belle, Judge forrence, and Monarch, were partially destroyed.abovetoecity,waaentirelycapsized,andher oabi]and chimneys blown away. Two cabin aoye are ri.e-- »nd supposedtobedrowned. Nootterltveeweretext,sm tbe dismantled and inverted craft floated down tne river, she waa taken 111 tow by the Donlelih, and landed at the toot of Central avenue. She war a freight boat, belong Leg to Captain Gurtey, ana valued at $»,000ibe ferry boats Kentucky and Queen City both lost their pilot houses and chimneysTbe Bteamere at the ship yard wen tossed about on the waves lite feathers, and the Superior, Man, a n d a new ferry boat a1! tcached at Jamestown, on the Kentucky aide of tte river.TUB STOKM IX TUB COl'.VTBT.From all directions, so far as we ntve be-o able tolearn, the tornado bas been quite at severe a<* u the city. Tbelineofthe;Cincinnati,HamiltonandDayton Ka.!road, betwifn this (..'inland Carthage. »a* IMtevenu % covered wi-.h a foreH of fallen timber. Tbe down express train w»s delayed, and a freight tram wLich .elt late to tt* afternoon, compelled to return.Tbe villages a n d country between t h e city and Love- land, oa the Little Miami Railroad, have Battered terribly. ThelossInLovetondatonetoestimatedat$10.0/0.Tbe residenceofMrs.DeGoiter,tothatplace,tadamagedtoto still1donotbelievethathewillbeabletorenewhisag-whichcannotbeeriectedforyearntocome,exoeptbythiscampintoeNorth.Itisinviewofthiaprogrammethat Fortbesecondthreeyean'seaserviceafterthedateofhairhourpreviousforPittaburg,whenaboutIWJmiltsmeasure. Hedenied thatit creates agreat monopoly the engineers in Washington ofthe Union party have received only defiance and insults from the republicanTotal • $'200000 hiswarrant,$700.You will be pleased to cause a warrant to bo i«uc J :a For the third three yean' eea service after the date of mylavorfortheaboveamounts(withwhichIamtobe biswarrant,$$00.gressions on ocr froatler with any prospect of soooeaswithoarpresentforceontheriver Confidenceisbeing Itconfersnoexclusiveprivileges,butmerelygrantsrights party.For the fourth three years' tea service after the date of his warrant, $SC0.For twelve yeara' tea service and upwards, $1,000.Sec. 2 And be it funder enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall be so construed aa to increase or modify the present pay of chiefs of bureaus la the Navy department, with whom shall be classed the presentSu perintendent of the Naval observatory: Provided, that the officer now charged with experiments to guanery at theEnclosed T have the honor to hand you an estimate otIrregularFSfiNANDOJ MORENO, U. a Martbal, Southern District of Florida.UNITXD STATES MARSHAL'S O m cs, ) KEY WEST, May 10, I860, jCrxccniATj, May 23,1860.journment Sine Die on the 19th of Juns—The Bouse Re- tions made to the Senate bill by the surgeons and esgi The morning rapero are filled with accounts of the brcken and sustained other severe injuries The wagontdution Likely to Past— Conjtcture of 100,000 Strangers 1* Baltimore on the 181A and l»tft 0 / June, dk.neers,and,itIssaid,willundoubtedlypasstheSenate, inasmuch as, with several alterations, it to substantially the same as the original Senate bill:—Bettenacted,bytheSenateandBouseofRepresenta- tives o f the United States o f America, In Congress a s sembtod: That, from a n d after t h e passage o f this act, tbe annual pay of the officers of the navy, on tbe active list, hereinafter named, shall be as follows —storm. It it supposed to have extended from Louisville to Marietta, following tbe course of the river. The dawasbrokenintopieces,sadthehorse,strangetomy. escaped without much injury.Tbe road between Cumminsville and toe Brighten Housetocoveredwitbtreestornupbytberoots.AtMr. Ridenbour'B residence, opposite t h e Clinton Nursery, much damage was done to tbe trees aad ornamental shrubs. The gardens along toe road atoo suffered se- verely; their hothouses, frames a n d glass covers were scattered to ail directions.Iitoimpossibleatpresenttoestimatethelosebythe tornado with any degree o f accuracy, though we do a o l doubt It will reach fully ban* a milhon of dollars.Meeting: of tnePolice Commissioners. APPOIMkLENT OF GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT, IN-SPECTORSANDCAPTAINS. TheaboveBoardmetattheirusualhouryesterdayat-ternoon,Meters.Bowen,BergenandActonpresent. Previous to toe meeting of tbe Board a private oaneui was bald, which lasted some two hours, during which the subject of filing up tbe vacancies, tuch aa General Superintendent aad Inspectors was dtocmaed It sternahat the following Bastes were decided unoa aad were ap- pointed at the meeting -GeneralSvt^rmtendent—JohnA Kennedy. J*«ector»-^Ctptain Dowllng, 8txtiEvery Ueulenaat on leave or waiting orders, $1,200. Itr.JoanCbrmuan,(dam)otN.Y.,thoughthiscol- dencecameuptodaytotheSenate,amomentbeforetbe AfterbeshallhaveseensevenyearsseaserviceintheMulberry street-U, $6, 62>i, $7, M, 77, $1, 93, 06*, 66.84,86,88,44,40,50,$4,06,11,13,16,23,27,29,2$, 89, 22,24, 30.meeting, and bad almost turned hia head. (Laughter.)league ought to be excused unconditionally, without pay- ment of fine or fees It was evident he was deranged or he would not have returned. (Langhtor.)Mr. ntttxsoR, (dem ) of Va., pat a serious face on the matter, aad aaid if they ware not engaged to a grave duty,butIBenactinga farce,tiesoonerIhey sotptadtd the proceedings the better.Batatas were then heard from other absentees, who pleaded hanger.'Inerlnine yean am servtee, $1,338. eleven yean sea service,teen thirteen years ana service.news was received in the Senate of this last capture of $1,268.Canal street— 204. Baxter strecU-7.tbe slaver William. Thus tbe Interest of tbe Senate was he shall have drawntotbsbill,aadifttwerenottolatetothesession, Afterbeanaahavelowed.The general course of the storm was towards the northeast althoughattimesIIpartookoftoenatureofawbirl- wind. Swift currents of air teemed occasionally to inter sect at right angles tbe main body, aa tt were, when anything tn its way would be immediately torn from ttawo might n o w nope, before its close, for some general law which would soon reduce tbe business of African slave tradtog to a toeing speculation, even to the shrewd- est Ameriosa operators oa the African coast.The joint resolution which passed the House to-day for$1,400,After be shall have$1,460.Tillary street—'.3.CAPTAINS.Tbe senior flag officer, crested under and by virtue ofand over ote hundred liret are lost.on the river are more or less injured.New Albany the storm waa not t o disastrous a t in this vicinity; but a great many houses are unroofed and trees andfencesblowndown.$4,600.Captains, when commanding squadrons. $6,000. All other captains on duty at sea, $4,200. Captains on other duty, $3,606. Whenonleaveorwaitingorders,$3,000.COMMANDERS.Every commander oa duty at tea,for lbs first fireyearaafterthedaleofhiacommission,$2,826.For tbe second five yean after tbe date of bis oommto-tjon, $3,160.Every commander onotherduty,for lbs first five yearsafter tbe date of his commission, $2,662For the second fire years after the date af hit cornrnia-atoa, $2,826.All other commanders, $2,260. Lieutenants commanding at tea, $3,660.UXCTBNANTS. Every lieutenant on duty at tea, $1,600.After he shall have teen seven yeara tea service in toe navy, $1,700.After he shall have seen nine years tea service,$1,900.All the steamboats At Louisville andCHAPLAINS. Chaplains shall be paid at lieutenants.N. E ano S. E corners of Hamittoa avenue aad Colom- biastreet—(Pigpens)Cow sublet—North 7th street and 6th street. Sanltord street—15,16,17,18, 24, 21, 28,2*. Corner Oxford street and Fulton aveaae. Conn street—ft, 6Corner King and Van Brunt (tract*. Columbiastreet—529,577,57b,&LConcord street—80Tbe oil factory of H. 0. Jones, oa Kent avenue, is re-ported at a nuisance.The appointment of John A. Kennedy as General Su- perintendent created contidersble stir among toe fores during tbe a'ternoon, and great dtoappotoimeat v a fete on acccunt cf the poettton net having bees given to In- spector Carpenter. Tbe leading members af tbe depart- ment feel todignanbal the appoiatavat of Keenedy, aad aay that it tt alaaost as bad a eetectMC sa that of Mr Ptte- bury. Many of the force who have eeea years to toe department my that under toe present organisation BOEvery chaplaia shall be permitted to conduct publicto so admirably adapted to meet tbe exigencies of the De- worship accordingto tbe manner and forms of tbe cauroh position. Shade trees, awnings, sign potto, chimneys,winding up thia session of Congress on tbe 18th of Junesoart of Vtottortto the Naval Academyatto meet oa the 1st of June—Captains Lars • , w — , they ebould adjourn. Thia was all a rarce. Qrtet of "Or- mocratic Baltimore Convention, that we presume the hint of which be may be a member. ex. were destroyed b y thousands There is scarcely aSteady, rYI»mtoW.B.T**tor. A w i t s h th e Sohool torn Plymouth to to* French and Spanish ports andMr. Mceoommr, (A. 1. dem.) of Pn, thought it bettorder,"*Order.') willbecomethetew,sothatallpartiesofbothhouses Everychaplainretainedtotheserviceshallberequire streettnthecitythatdoesnotbearwitnesstotbefuryofMr. OoxxuM), (rap.) of N . Y., did not know whether may be free to run over to witness tbe test act tn the to report annually to tbe Secretary of tbe Navy the of the storm.fletel services performed by him. MA8TKBS.Every matter to the line of promotion, when oa doty as such at sea, $1,200.When on other duty, $1,1C0.When on leave or wailing orders, $826.PASSED MIDSHIPMEN.Every patted midshipman, when on duty aa tuch a tsea, $1,000.When on other duty, $800.When on leave or waiting orders, $660.MIDSHIPMEN. Every ntidahteman at sea, $6*0.When on other duty, $600. Whenonleaveofabsenceorwaitingorders,$450.SURGEONS.Every surgeon on duty at tea, for the first fiveyeara after too date of bto commission aa surgeon, $2,200.For tbe second five years after tbe date o f hia eommto- tton ss surgeon, $2,400. g,¥or toe third five yean after toe date of his eommto- ston aa surgeon, $2,600.For the fourth five years after toe date of bto oemmto- sion aa surgeon, $2,800.For twenty yeara and upwards after tb e date of b it commission as surgeon, $3,000.Fleet surgeons, S3,300.D«metTofmE*ee%t*M or ftot Ammg'Tkmm Tk-irRttmn Borne—The Jfsaapm 0 / las OonttUutimai Union val to this port, oa the SOtb nit., of tbe United States after the date af his commitsten as surgeon, $2,000. Parry PfetaMrAed wtm BeO, ami Lookingfor 8mm Bom steamer Mohawk, Lieutenant Commanding T . Augustus For the recood five yeara after tbe date of b i tCraven, United States Navy, having in towjkbe tjupposed aton aa surgeon, $2,200. rockfromtieAVsatoottontfDovoiat/asideorOadtids AmericanberkWUdftre,ofNewYork,Stanhope,matter, ForthethirdtveyeanaftertoedataofbtoNo tern than five churches have sussained serious damage from toe tornado The large German Catholic church, ea Fifth street, between Smith and Park, waa struck by lightning, a short distance behind the base of tbe steeple, and considerably shattered. A portion of the roof was torn sway, toe walls of tbe edifice badly cracked, aad tbe magnificent organ of the church almost entirely destroyed. Tbe pipes were all bureted asunder and scat tared in fragments about toe building.Tbe two aaaail steeples o a each aide of the main spire were atoo blown down By tbe shock.St Paul'schurch(Catholic),onthesoutheastcornero! Spring and Abigail atreeia, waa partially unroofed, a n d sustained beuoea other sandier injuriesIbe small spire oa tbe southwest corner of S t Angusdrama of the old democratic party. W e already bear tt estimated that t h e outside Douglas pressure upon t h e Convention will be full fifty thousand strong, and that the strangers drawn to Baltimore all told will most proba- bly swell ap to one hundred thousand,At to Mr. Douglas, hit friends having made up their minds to nominate him and run hia, wtth or without OamotionofMr.SBWJBJAXallfurther proceedingsin afulltwothirdsvoteoftheConvention,tttomorallycer- the ease wen dispensed wtth. tain that Ike resell of tbe Convention will b e two tickets Severalgentlemenaaidttwasunjustandunfairto andtwoparties,Insteadofademocraticreunionandre-Much merriment was closed occasionally by the let ttogoff of witticisms.I have tbs honorto inform tbe Department of tbs arri-Every surgeon on other duty, far tbs first five year*euity that their names could be tacerlataed by tad repCf** tineschurch,onBankstreet,wasblownaway,andtne eta *^~roof slightly damaged. The Convent of the Good Sbepherd, immediately adtotning tt on t h e east, was also un Tbe appointment ef Cant Joseph Dowllng as one of t b enrpectore tt highly apakea of. He has been tor manv r°FcurorthesmallspiresoatbetowersoftheSecond yeanattachedtotoepoliceoftonetty,nearlythewhole Pmbyterian church, on Broadway,were lifted from llBBeM^t*?ofU"0aUttl,r4r<1- **»**tbejpattyea/,Utoir bean, aad laaoed to the yard below. ihrooghhtoefiorto. no tern than torn murderers, who' The First Presbyterian Church, on Fourth street, near r senprd froxn the city, were captured and brought to jos-Main, wattbghtiy ujOred, a portion o f t h e roof having tles. Dfike appototmeat is another party tetection H awith a targe of over five hundred Africans on board. TbeWildlrewascaptured onthe 26thult,oatbs coast of Cuba, Bear the port of Neuvitas.Immediately upon thearrival ofthe Mohawk hero,Captain Craven informed me of the nature of her cargo,aad attired thai 1ibould toko pomemton of tbe capturedAfricans as early as possible. Baring no means at that five yeara aftorthe date of ato cotsmtorsm at surgeon,$1,600.For tot second five yean after the date of bto,sioa ssaurgeea, $1,800. ^^f c «. ForXhethirafiveyeana-tertbseastofonatsurgecn. $1tXOFar thefourthfiveyearaaftertbsdateof hitcommittionaaiurteon, $2,100For rweaty years and upnaras anar tbs dateof hitss surgeon, $2,300.PASSED ASSISTANT SCE«EOII«.stoneatmvcommandtosecurethemIdeterminedatonce to erect temporary q-iartert oa the tends of tbs Unitedcommission as surgeon, $2,800.Every surgeon on leave or waiting orders, tor tap BratUntitled DocumentForti»secoi.d1veyeanafterthedateofbtoeonmisFar twenty yran and upwards after lb s date ot his ed tta coventg, havtog eabieiy escaped injury Hto wsauaatea, $2,800 waajoB.heererar.wmcruebei.aft r the date of hia eemmmaon, $i,sOO.for tbe aeoond five yean after the date of bis 00mmisThe new Masonic Hall, corner of Third aad Walnut Af<er arteen years a'ter tbe date of hia commission, streets, sustained considerable damage A :< .rl.no of ibe$2,600. roof was stripped from that part of k completed, and oue Every chief engineer on leave or waiting orders, for of tbe heavy atone arched windows to that to course efthe Brut five yean after tbe date ot bto oommanton,erection, waa forced downA porttea of tbe metallic roof of toe Carted PUtesMarine Hospital, ontoe corner of Sixth and Baom streets,For the second three years' sea service after tbe date at the inlerHrction of Twelfth and Plum streets A manmagevillages on the river above this have suffered severely. Thirty -six pain 01 coal boats are known to have sunk,Kentucky.t.v-i KMSiAim Btxuucr Corn.—NOB. 71 to 76,112, 76. and a j-ort.on of the wail thrown inside. Tbe howling of I 77. rs. : twasblownoff,andaheavy stone fence in front,aboutWe« seto street—210.Wen 37th tUeet-167.BSOOKIYB.tion on the part ef toe Board to carryoutthisprinciple,lor but a wee* agoeeveral appoint-ments were made, all of whom ware tending members ofrepublican ward c u b s , and n was with the greatest djftb-Sixth precinct, and Cap- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 