 J!;i-t h e Kingdom of'Naples, Lamariciere wfll also cross the rule, in giving public employment to talents: and thefrenfier. Itiscitedinconnectionwitharumorthat weil-provenmeritsofcitizens,certaintta1;wherethey handjthusfirmgoutallimaginations,andatlastdoing; theEmperorofAustriaisabouttodec!surehimselfre- residewillb9foundloveofjastice.rec'itude,and th<?verythingheanhounced.butatthemomentwhenit-'!AUSTRIA.Viirx*A, Ang. 33.—The deliberations of the Com-mlttf e of 21 members of the Roicb«r*th will hv»t at I«a*t at other weak. Jt will therefore he impossible to pro- mulgate the constitutional refoTrneonthe 18th inst. th<§ anniversary oftbe Emperor's birthday. 'Hcannon shots at thcMonarca, but retired without hav- yonr battalions throngh the chiefs of the companies,.The Intention*orGaribaldi*beingpressedforwardwiththeut:no3trapidityatTon-Ion. ' . ' • ' ; • ; " " ' • > •• :••• ••{•A^The Paris correspondent of Tfte Morning Posi.BB.jB: " According to dispatches from Naples, which reached Paris on Sunday, the Kirg is likely to abandon his do-ableloeav, "Ihavedoneit. Ihavesaidit." U.As regardsthe conductof government towards for- eigners, it; iedeaired at every cost to hold high a d firm the Italian, flag, which the young prince entrusted to the patriotism and devotion of the valorous'and national, „,,,^^iwVafe^ferfa ia^^VwiKfow^.—xi,.-..-«f"-i..M •»••<#ni »'«*> IrBoot, on Saturday, Jury 28, at 2i50 p.m., and arrived at the Needles, Isle of Wight, exactly at midnight, on Monday, August tho 6th, and the Africa arrive* at ]4reryooleatbel2th.Xbo Vsnderbilts's news has heen. anticipated, hat her 3Bafl> furnish interesting details. .GREAT BRirAIN.In the House of Lords, on the 14th, Lord Wode- bonse, In reply to Eord Stratford de Bedehffe, said he vr*s not able to slate that positive instructions had been tenttodispatchavesselofwartoSmyrna. Admiral Martin had been sent with a strong squadron to1 theSyrian coast, with instructions to assist as much as pos- sible in restoring tranquillity, and would doubtless direct hte ships npon thoee points where they would be mostneeded. Oursquadron nowonthe Syrian coast•consisted of four ttne-of-battle ships, two fngates, andthree corvette*. Kurscbid Pasha was about to be sentnsder arrest to Constantinople, as his conduct required of Naples, to confer with the leaders, of the Italian » strict inquiry and, if found as iniquitous as alleged, movement, is not authenticated,severe punishment. •* . , „ £ • _ 1 1 NAPLES, Aug. 7, (via Mars-rilles).—Garibaldi is said Lord Dofferin, the Commissioner of the Engnsh to have been in Naples on Saturday last, and to haveAs soon as Garibaldi's arrival was heard of, all the/ W:miral Martin to land 1,500 seamen and marines to co- on Sunday. It was decided to await the assembling of operate with the French troops in maintaining order in Parliament, the elections to which had taken place onthedistrictofBeyrout. the19th. KefngeesarethecandidatespreferredbytheOf the hop crop The Times says: ehktors. They openly declare themselves for the an-" There can be no donbt of the injury done to the nexation of Naples to Piedmont. One electoral dis-tion, t>o, on Saturday night a great excitement was answered his call, full of faith and without hesitation, river-courses, and then proceed on a narrow strip of " of hope the late friendly meeting of the rulers of Aus-created by the santo, or password, not having been and cast them down again, as if rememberinc some one land between two salt-water lakes renowned for their ". tria and Prussia That meeting is a guaranty for Ger-.communicatedtotheNationalGuard. Itiscustomary missingintheline,whowasmoulderingontheslopes oysters,whichareevenpreferredtothosefoundinthe •'manonity^'ferthereinliespowerandWengtn.""Th<9to give three words, instead of which only one was of Calatafimi or under the ruins of Palermo. At last, Mare Morto, near Baite^ Emerging from this strip of " health orthe Emperor of Austria. Cheers for Ans-given, and the patrols might have beeh exposed to im- giving one long look of love to all from those deep eyes land, yon come to the village of Faro Inferiore, and " trias tine and valiant sons. Chers for the unity of thohops by the ongenial weather, and the intelligence of •ecb day confirms the opinion that in many districts they will prove a total failure.7'The Court Journal says:It is expected that her Majesty w31 not remain atBalmoral longer than a month, and that the Queen md Prince will then cross to Hamburg in the. royal yacht, proced to Coburg. and, after a short stay at £hmhait*brnn,go to Gotha. It is here that it is ex-- pected the meeting between the Princess royal and her Majesty wxQtake iplve."The new acts for taking the Census in England and Ireland next April, have been issued. The act for Scotland has not vet received the Boyal assent. There is nothing as to '^religious profession " in the English Act, but there is'in the one relating to Ireland. T h eCensus is to be laid before Parliament within twelve months after next June.The leading article of The Times of Aug. 13, says:" By this time toe Plenipotentiaries and armaments el England and France must have reached the well known spot where, eighteen months ago, Lord Elgin and Baron Grots were deliberating upon the best meanstrict has elected Gen. Cosenz as itsrepresentative. The Sardinian Admiral has arrived in his ship from Paler- mo, and has been visited by the Count of Syracuse, who pronounced himself favorable to annexation.Notwithstanding the severities of the King and Count d'Aquila, numbers of naval officers here refused to fight against Garibaldi.minent danger had they met with the-military; as aconsequence all the stations of the National Guard wereclosed during the night, and on the following morningthe following circular to the commandar of the twelve " the joy I feel at your sight." Then, pausing for a ing, and before we left the town we could distinguish col signed at Paris on the 3d inst,, Austria is about to. NAPLES, Aug. 7.—The most startling news of the of obtaining a treaty with China. The diplomatists day is that his Royal H;ghnees the Prince of Syracuse probably arrived at the general rendezvous about the has given in his adhesion to the idea of the annexation Jfcgt or second week in July, and we may calculate, of this country to Piedmont. His intention was com-MESSINA,Another phase of the quick revolving history of the war for Italian unity and independence is over. I, myself, who am on the spot, and by no means a skeptic either in the cause of nationalities or in the femus of Garibaldi, think now and then that I am reaming, so wonderful is the progress of this resurrec- tion of a people. I can only compare it to the gro wthmily rally round the common banner, to make one great and strong Italy, independent of the foreigner and free from the oppressor. He promised to came soon, and send over aims before his arrival.given to the inspection; of this mat&ricl aud of the works, where some hundred men were busy excavating, the sandy ground.'•".')•:••'.•'i•.,'•the rest of the room were lying about In pictaresqae to our Italian regeneration* -, Be sure, of wha". m o f WconfusionOtherpapers,modelarms,rifles,muskets, IspokernEngland,thatifthere4*nointcrvon«toniti swords, and revolvers, samples of the soldiers' rations our figbtrngs we fball arrive to crown in the Capitolasthey ought to be. and cigars. Welcoming me with our dtar Victor.,Emanuel as the Constitution*! King; ahearty,shakeoftnehand,hecontinuedwalkingabout ofoneItaly, Yours,&c ALxssANnnoGAVAZZI,-".*operations agafags the mnnliind will not c « W ds-tions which enter ioto the executive p a ^ t s of thenavy by which be is supported. Henceforth, we must diate reply, arrived last Sunday. The Count of Syrar once from amid its straggling* leaves a tall, powerfrd expect the mails from China with very great interest. cuee, therefore, by his own choice, has ceased to be a stem, which bursts into flower in a night, filling theThe Cotton Guild at Canton has, according to the last Neapolitan to become a subjest of Victor Emanuel andveradons story from Hong Kong offered a bet of 30,- an Italian Prince. By order of the Piedmontese Gov- air all around with its fragrance. •? 000 dollars that the French ana English will again* be ernment the Sardinian Admiral has placed himself at When ship after ship, caning from Palermo Neopoli- repulsed from the Taku forts." the disposal of the Count and Countess, the latter of tan soldiers and war munitions,-vueappeared behind The following is said to he the translation of a letter whom is a member of the Piedmontese royal family. Cape Zaffarano, even those most full of faith sighed at written by Garibaldi to Victoria: Two other vessels of some power are expected imme- the new struggle which seemed instore at Messina. It '*TonaMAJESTY,—CalledbymydutytomyItalian diately. wasnomoreonthesteepbiit^op'enhightsofCalata-the Piana di TerranuoAa. Opposite to them, at a;dis- might have ended in the breaking of the armistice, but tance of not more than one hundred yards, is the Nea- as it succeeded it is sure to please Garibaldi.politan line, drawn across, the Piana di Terranuova AUGUST 5.—To-day General Clary, or whoever the itself. You would scarcely believe the two lines hos- Neapolitan Government will send with the answer, tile to each other, so much chaffing and laughing is ought to arrive. But as he is hot expected till evening going on between the two. According to the conven- and the French steamer leaves before that, I shau tion concluded by Medici, the officers and non-commis- probably be 'unable to inform you by this mail of the sioned,officerscancomewiththeirsidearmsintothe result. To-morrow,however,anotherFrenchpacket(S^nB*-*irrni'inrt•'—•Bcaa-SM,v .,^^,.-v.^.;-^--'.'-' .-••• '.;.•'.-•THE RELIEF OF SYRIA. leased from the obligations of- the treaty of Villafcancsu regulated liberty, never a neglect of the [duties doe to is least expected. This boldness and scorning of all se- Tho*ewhoattachweighttothisonditt whichno tittle theconetitntlonalregime. TotheaepropositionstheGov- cye&yhavemorethaoonceconfrxsedhisenemies. Thusof official, information as yet renders probably true, THE IKTmVEKTIOS BY AUSTRIA. puppoee that Lamoricidre has some assurance of Aus-ernmf nt calls the patriotism of all honorable mea to a^ettbem, and reminds them of the words of a great Italian, " L e t not men s».v» I have not done it. •I haveto day a whole flotilla of Neapolitan steamers coming from Mepsii'a, Reggio, Villa San Giovanni, and Soylla, were omising about the entrance to the Straits, and looking on at the process of disembarking men and warlike stores not more than 1,000 yards from them. They could s*e with the most indifferent glasses every man who lauded and every gun which was sent on shore—Bee its caliber, calculate its range, reckon the stoies of ammunition, and count the pyramids of balls. It was all done in broad daylight. They could see Gari- baldi inspecting tiie process, follow his movements, and thus guess hisdispositions. I:Thecarriage was ready, and we drove through thestill silent streets toward tne Marina.. It is about ninemiles to the Faro; almost alt along the road there is asuccession of dwelling-houses, villas, and villages. are favorable to the proposals of the CommftteoTtKtrian support. ' • •'•, •.:;>> •7v',;The embarkation of troops of all arm? is not said;'' because, commonly, the, true p raise is to beArchduke Renier and the majority of the Minister*Tfee Skit** States Mafl steamship VanderbiK, P , E.I/s/Ferre, commander, fro*1 Favreand S^thampten, minions. Neither the army nor the navy, it is said, army. A minis'er of the government is in Turin to,4blu imnion„-rT- * foil freight, and the usual Frenchami EegBsh M*ifr-j%0 M ^ T port of the voyage was extremely bois-?e*eu* aad wintry, vriih heavy westerly gales.At 2 o'clock tils morning, passed the steamshipsAdriatic and Edinburgh.peror Napoleon and the Queen of Spain, are again re- vived":. PATUS, Aug. 13.—Ju\ss Favre, known from his op- position to the Government, has been elected chief of the Barristers of Paris. ' . . .the fortunes of a great Italy, and this noble laud, aban- don it*elf secure, trustful, and without any obstruction from evil passions to the pursuit of its new destinies. As to the government, equal to its loyalty, is the con- stant wish it will manifest to overcome the difficulties of the times, to exercise and fulfil, the fortunes of thethe opposite side of the Straits the mountains of Cala-GERMANY.7 : 1 5 m will fight for Francis IT. " negotiate a league with Piedmont, and the' ministry P- *» arrived at this The Pariscorrespondent of The Times, says: '• The will energetically prosecute the negotiations, with the^"Wednesday, the l&b> ^pert on Sun**, ** X o'clock p. m., bringing 381 rnmors of an approaching interview between the Em- desirable object Of seeing united in indissoluble bondsThere were, besides, other indications whence todraw an inference about the use to which apart, at anyrate, of these guns would be put. There were several promontory, with the Faro at its extremity; and onThe 3Parispapers of Aug. 13 publish a telegram datedNaples, Aug. 11 (evening), which asserts that on common country on the basis of liberty, and yet moreinge, or eeen in the rosy vapors of the morning. Although it was only sunrise when we left the town, he dwellings of the lower classes were already open, thechildrenplayingonthebeach,theirelderspeeping out of windows or standing at the door to give their committees of the tpv?ns of Calabria sent representa- greeting to their savior, as Garibaldi is called. Man, tives to Aspremonte, with full powers to come to a n woman and child seemed to know him like an old ac-Thursday night the Gariba dians attempted to land at of national independence, supreme thought of all Ital-TheVanderbiltontheoutwardpassageleftSandy Altafinme,nearEeggio,andatCanhitello,butwerere- ianminda;whereforetheministryaredecided—readypulsed by the royal troops. ., ^ . ... Two hundred only are said to have succeeded in landing, and were pursued into the interior. The pop-ulation of the whole ktngdem is perfectly quiet, f The Patrie "mentions," under reservej.that letters from Turin assert that, in order to avoid the grave •complications which might result for Italy from the oc-and decided—to undertake all, to attempt all, to attain the great object of the consolidation 6i constitutional rearranging and of Italian independence.Meanwhile, sustained by the conscientious execution of its duties, it trusts that the support of public confi- dence and order will be continued to it; and that in the ensuing elections there will be a noble and active emu-enpation of the Kingdom of Naples by Garibaldi, there lation in all classes of the electors to educe from thedom what he had done for Sicily.The deputation arrived yesterday, and this morning,whole of Italy. A s long as the conflict is only between Austria and Italy, PniBwa will observe the principle of non-intervention; but if other powers interfere, and! thus violate that principle, Germany would not hesitate to support Austria in the maintenance of the right? guaranteed to her by treaties.SALZBURG, Aug. 12.—The inauguration of the rail- way from Salsburg to Munich took place to-day. A t the dinner given in honor of the event, the Emperor of Auttria. in proposing the health of the King or Bava- ria, said.: , '." The sentiments of unity, which, «s neighbors, wel bear toward each other, I apply to all German Sover- eigns. I cannot but joyfully direct my thoughts to the day on which I grasped the hands of the Prince Re- gent, to strengthen the unanimity of sentiment whichwas a question of sending a Sardinian corps d'armte to Naples, in virtue of a convention between the Gov- ernments of Naples and Piedmont.1 *a*r—NAPLES AND SICILY.NAPLES, Saturday eveniog, Aug. 11.-—A report isnational representation the legal opinion of the real ma- jority, to which alone it is confided to dissipate a'l un- certainty; to destrcv even the unfortunate errors of the past, and cause itself to be tae guide of just and legalaspirations.^ ; ,(Signed) SPINELLI, GIACOMO DI MARTIttO, FRANC.when Garibaldi returned home from his inspection atcurrent here that 1,500 Ganbaldian Volunteers have landed in Calabria.PIANELLI, LIBORIO ROMANO, F . M. LAUZELEl!To show von how near a crisis is, in the opinion of the authorities, a note w a s sent on Saturday night to the several legations, requesting that in the event offirst Marsala expedition, who had arrived yesterday wiih the column from Catania, of which they form al- moet exclusively the corps of officers.expects to have a look of recognition, a familiar smile,a slight nod or waving of the hand; it would tire outany one else except the man from whom they are ex-The Morning Post says:ibaldians in Calabria is confirmed. The dispatch an-pected. ' He sees every one and listens to every one— the approach, of the insurgents the vessels should be moved daring the exciting success of his Sicilian car- the most formidable corv6e in a country where everynouncing that Garibaldi had been in the neighborhoodnon shot. Mr.EUiptt consequently came over from citadel of P«lerrilo, surrounded by their families, cameCastellamare on Sunday last, and had an ihterview to thank him for their delivery. H e had lost his natural Among these continued nods and salutes we passedentered the harbor of Castellamare and fired several advertence. You may therefore assure the members of" amongyon; greet them on my behalf, and tell them with us in the neighborhood of the Faro. There were "that with men like my companions Ofthe first expe- three other.steamers already there, and all the seven" dition no, deeds are impossible. Many, many greet- together seemed to watch with great interest what we " ings to them." . were doing. If we went on, they went on; if we re-This reception being over, it was the turn of the turned, they, returned. Garibaldi seemed scarcely Calabrese deputation, who, in the name of the towns aware of their existence. At the outskirts of the vil-of Calabria, formally invited Garibaldi to come over, lage we descended, and went on toward the worksexpressing the readiness of the people to follow him. near the lighthouse point. Before arriving there we passed the gun ^lately brought from Palermo and Me-ing produced any results. that the posts 6f the National Guard will always re-The Court party insists upon the proclamation of a ceive the military santos like all the other militarystate of siege. The Government refuses.'The Patrie eays that Austria has declared that in the event of Garibaldi taking possession of Naples, Aus- tria would not wait for the attack, but would proceedto meet the Garibaldian troops on whatever point of the rnftin land it might be necessary.aAPFAIES IN NAPLES.Correspondence of The London News.posts of the regular militia." LIBORIO ROMANO Minister Secretary of Scat*."battalions of the National Guard of Naples w a s pub- lished:"SIR: The communication of only the word of re- cognition and the omissien of the saiUo of the day wasmoment, he repeated this, as several of the following phrases: " Y o u were few, and you have done much, " and we shall be many to do what little remains to be " done. There are some of the first expedition whofour of them cruising about between the point of Mes- sina and Villa San Giovanni, on the opposite coast. I don't know whether it was accident,or whether they saw us, but they seemed bent on keeping company withaugment her naval force in the Syrian waters by three ships of war. During the last few days extraordinary activity has been shown in the Austrian marine. Ail vessels fis for service are being armed. The materiel of the arsenal of Venice is being transported to Pola,An attack by Garibaldi is expected.VIENNA, Aug. 13.—Prince Danielo was seriously wounded on Sunday at Cattaro by an aseaxtdn. The wound is very serious if not mortal." He was fired at at a distance of two paces, the ball parsing through the lower part of his body.CATTARO, AU<. 13.—Prince Danielo of Montenegro expired here to-day from the effects of the wound.MADRID, Aug. 13.—30,000,000 reals of the indemnity have arrived from Morocco. ,THREATENING ATTITUDE OF AUSTRIA. ' The Inde'pendanee Beige of the 12th says:" Our correspondence from Paris tr#ats of the ap-proaching issue of a manifesto by the Emperor of Aus- tria. O u r account 8 state that there is, in fact, some question of the publication of a document of this kind on the 18th, the anniversary of the imperial birthday— a publication which would coincide with the promul- gation of new-concessions to public opinion. Francis Joseph, for*seeing an early attack on Venetia,, wishes, it !s said, to make all.possible concessions to his Mag- yar and SJave subjects, so that he may not find him- self pressed at the same time by two revolutionary car- rents, in Hungary and, Italy. According to other ac-counts it will not be a manifesto, properly to called, but an allocution, in which the Emperor will de- clare himself freed from the engagemente ofKfcHgfft '.'tjm&m;mmmmmx&t rJEW-YORR DAILY TMBtlNE, MGN^Y, AUGUST 27, 1^0.gformed placed >nr note ar<- \,i?ff »***£> :jsays and Garibaldi seems to h*ve adopted it. Kaow- jfoKEHERFROMEUROPE.frrreAb^tStothistimeofWltibg.(%»ay,Aug.12). Government,itwillcarrythenoutwithapvonpiand ighowimpossibleitis,withtheforcehecommands,«> &m anthentic and important mteriigenoe h*e deliberate resolution. In thejudicious and good choice toV serve that secrecy which Is recommended as thereaped me. A report seems rather to gather strength of public officers, better times holding out a guaranty most es*en*ial condition of success in military matters, 4&BTVAI.OFTHEVUtDteBttT. »Udcredit,totheeffectthat,whenGaribaldilandsm forit,theGovernmenthavetaken,andwillholdasa hehasa-lopttdheojppositecourseofdoingeverything;::':,'•;•,«& & * « 'ifltEPU l 'NAPLES, Aug. 14.—At midnight the Veloce steamer the consequence of a deplorable, but, most innocent in- " are not officers, and who, consequently, are not us. As we advanced, they followed, till they arrivedAFFAIRS IN SICILY. .Correspondence of The London Times.and asking for arms. Garibaldi told then! how glad lazzo, which were drawn up in a respectable line along he was to see another member of the great Italian fa- the beach. The first hour or two after our arrival wastherefore, thatLord Elgin has already had for one municated to Victor Emanuel a few days since, and his of the aloe, which for years drags on its oxistence* • month the services of the very powerful army and Majesty'8 answer, which elicited another and an imme- humbly close to the ground, and which sends up all at fort. They occupy a line in front of the houses toward tractedny the sight. It was a bold thing to do, for itJuly 30.lather/and to defend its cause in Sicily, I have assumed The Count of Aquila will, in all probability, with- fimi, nor the narrow-bamcaded streets of Palerino,.thafc town; the soldiers only unarmed. During the first comes in from Malta on its way aloDg the Italian coast, Villafranca, adding some threatening words for Pied- the dictatorship ofa generous people, who, after a long- draw to England, and thence to the Brazils, when the we could expect to'meet the enemy, but under the hun- days you saw a good number of both about, taking off so that I hope to send the news that way. The steam- mont. At Turin there is a report of an approachingcontinued struggle, wish for nothing but to participatehi the national fife and freedom under the sceptre ofthe crisis i» over; and I am informed that much of the dred iron mouthsW. a strongly-gan-isoned and well- the things which they had been obliged to leave behind ers from Palermo to Genoa still continue their service, declaration of w a r b v Austria against Sardinia, arising; property of his Majesty has been embarked on board provided fortress. The only man who smiled at onx in the hurry of evacuation. ^Now there are scarcely but, with theuncertainty of the communication between out of the letter of Garibaldi to the King, in which the the Spanish vessel of war in the harbor, and that he apprehensions was Garibaldi. '' Let them go wherever- any about, the reason being, probably, the desertions this and Palermo, cannot be relied upon. So we are Dictator of Sicily openly announces his intention ofthe magnanimous Prince in whom Italy trusts.*'TheenvoywhopresentshimselftoyourMajesty willretiretoSpain,butnotuntilafteranattemptto '*•*theyplease;if.wemeetthemagaininSicily,'somuch forwhichthesepromenadesthroughthetowngave reducedtotheFrenchsteamers,whicharetoocloseto attackingVenice. ExplanationsonthisheadhaveID the name of the provisional government which now defend himself. Y ou will perceive that I write—and " the better; we. shall not have to go so far to seek for opportunity.rules this country, does not pretend to represent a spe- events compel me to do so—as if the last scene of the "4hem." This was the refrain he opposed to our grumb- AUGUST 1.—This forenoon the armistice concludedcial and distinct state, but he comes as the interpreter hw?t act was at hand. Garibaldi, in his answer to Vic- ling at his magnanimity, accompanying.it with one of by Medici was to end or to be prolonged. Gen. Clarveach other. been demanded of Count Cavour, whoss reply has Correspondence of The London News. been deemed unsatisfactory. T h e enrollment of t h e•fthethoughtsand sentiments of twomillions anda torEmanuel,expresses his conviction that theletterhalf of Italians. By this title I beg your Majesty to was not written b y his Majesty, but by Count Cavour,deign to receive him, granting a kind audience ana at- and that he should therefore anticipate his landing on tention to what he may respectfully urge upon your the. continent by some davs. From a ministerialthoseirresistiblesmilestowhichevenhisenemiesmust wishedforaninterviewwithGaribaldihimself,whichyield. Not two months have passed since, and that was consented to, and held in the Casa FiorentinOj brings intelligence up to Aug. 6. tbeee rumors eeem to us at least premature, they agree formidable fortress of Messina looks at our legions in where the first interview between Clary and Medici The Carlo Alberto, 60 guns, arrived in port on the with a communication which we are assured has been mournful despair, dumb and lifeles3, with its embrasures had been held. This interview was held in the greatest 5th. and she, together with the Goveruolo, it is said, made by th« Emperor Napoleon to King Victor Eman- apparently £mpty, and inspiring so little fear that even secrecy .the only point made public being the evacua- will prevent the Neapolitan cruisers from interfering uel on the dangers of too aggressive an attitude against tne most timid of the emigrant inhabitants of the town tion of Syracuse and Agosta. . But this is only the least with the expedition which Garibaldi intends to make Austria. The French sovereign hue especially shownMajesty in behalf of this most beautiful and noble part of Italy." FafcriBO, June 22- " G. GAR1B ALDI. M To her it*j*»ty tfc« Qa«en of Or*, at Biitsis ood I•«Und."The foliowhag letters appear in The London Times To thsEdttorof Tht Timet.giKi I left Messina on the 2d, having been with Gen. Garibaldi throughout the campaign in Sicily, and have come here in compliance with his desire, intrusted with the following document:" MXT.AZZO, Ang. 2,1360. " CM*. Edward 8trl*<« KO«* to Engt&ad with my aathoriy. Bi» object i» to r*ndir adrfo- and goidwoce to volunteer* whoXD»7 *i*h to eom«> btie to fight for the liberty of tht* country. Tht* aoble and vnk>rou< conduct <1 Upiayed by the BngUah. whobare thared with a« the danger* ana glor!«« ot this campaign prompt* me to bitract him with thi« reaponribidty.' " G. GARIBALDI,." Genera) Commanding the National Army in Sicily."I am also intrusted with the expression of the Gen-eral's appreciation of the sympathy and assistancewhich he has received from the British nation. Hethinksthatassistancemayyettakeanotherpracticalshape,ashebelievesthattherearemanyinthiscoun- mhishonorineveryshopwindow;busts,pockethand-trywhoaredesirousoftakinguparmsforthecauseof kerchiefs,biographies,alldeclarethenationalsentiment, lateasthe23dult.anotewassentfromtheGovernor versetocarryout. Thequestionisneithermorenor Italianindependence,andwhorequireonlytheinfor- somuchsothatheeclipsesVictorEmanuelasmuchas ofMessina,GeneralClary,toalltheConsuls,request- lessthanofakinglybrotherhood,theassimilationof mation and advice whidh I am empowered to give the Madonxa does the Creator of all things. In the ing that the foreign men of-war, as well as the mer- their two kingdoms, one policy, and one army. Ofsource, too, I learn that the Dictator declares that he istoo far compromised to draw back, and the great eventis expected daily, almost hourly. Yestetday about fiftyof the Calabrese who were in Naples left by the Gen- think the citadel deserted; and were it not for theimportant part of the transaction, for you must know into Calabria. Very strong fortifications are estab- the impossibility of his interference in case of a w a r .we have come to this point that we care but little lished at the Faro point commanding the entrance to o long as Austria remains on the defensive.", about a couple of fortresses with 200 guns between the Straits of Messina, and the fort of SciJla on the othereioso for their province, and will land at Piz^o and at Palo, thence pushing forward to their several resi- dences, in order to be ready for whatever may take place. They leave, of course, with full instructions, and deeply imbued with annexation ideas. Whatever may be the remote settlement of affairs, I look, upon it that the Bourbons are doomed, and with them, for a time at least, the independence of the Kingdom of Naples.Gen. Pianeffi is making every effort possible to or-ganise a defensive force, but all to no pnrposei. I thinkthat the popular hatred and distrust of the Bourbonstraneports which you can .see crowding outside of it towa d the Straits, and busy embarking stores and troops,andthelineof sentriesalone"thePianidiTer ran onva, in front of t h e citadel, y o u would think t h a the Bourbon soldiery had left altogether. The illusion is hightened by the circumstance of the Neapolitans having adopted the tri colored flag. You recognize, in- deed, the blue paddle-boxes of your friends (the Nea- politan) steamers, which you watched sending shot and shell into the good town of Palermo, but you mies the dirty white flair of the Bourbons, by which you always distinguished them. There they lie in peaceful fra- ternity with theScylla, the Descartes, and the Vittbriothem, or even the total evacuatio i of Sicily. We fly side. About 40 guns of different calibre are put in favorable positions ao as to prevent the Neapolitanare facts too strong to be resisted, and should Garibaldiland, the nation wi 1be with him, and the soldiers I do Emmanuele. shorting, apparently the same flag, as ifof the 5th inst. ••.,'..'As for the conditions, their aim is to unite the^northand on Saturday last the French Consul had an inter- view with General Clary, to'learn his intentions regard- ing hosihties against Me sina. Geaeral Clary declared that whenever Garibaldi made a move to pass into Cal- abria,heiwouldfireineverydirectionthathecouldde- stroyanyofGaribaldi'sforces,andthat,ifnecessary, hewouldfireonthecitywithoutnotice. TheEnglish Consultldo'hadaninterviewwithClary,whonotonlyplicit reliance, gives 2,000 as an approximation to the number of those'who have perished. The riot begat* in a quarter of the town called the Meid&n. Over the disorderly popu'ation of this portion of Damascus, amountingtosome12,000men,women,andchildren, thepolicewouldappearnevertohaveexercisedany realcontrol. Ifacaravanhadbeenplundered,itwas tothisplacethatthebootywasbroughtforsale. Ifanot expect will fif?ht. I cannot describethe entbus;asm which the name of the Dictator awakens here in Na- ples. Hisportraitsareateverystreetcorner;hymnsthe union of North and South Italy, somuch desiredand longed for, was indeed areality.*Itisnotaweekago'thatthingsweredifferent,'audthatquite^^anotherdenouement seemedimpending. As ceive,andwhichIamafraidmankindaretooper-them. Amorg those who have fought most bravely capital we have a garrison of 12,000 men. In the obant vessels, shou'd leave the harbor, and the foreignconfirmed the same, but added that in half an hour murder had,beeu committed, in the' Meidan the culprit after the first move of Garibaldi'd army he would be in found a safe retreat. No doubt, intending to bringthecitadel,&xx "ofevergnem*tie streets, ti -ft as offered, heie occurred. tors,brokein of persom iojnred, but BOB10 o'clock, (he started In the si tb« meet in»fx>r o« l«bn»lioie ofThe w«atUr tolerable. TL e by .storms. Apostpohexnenj o\ rsi'gid lor t! f the appointro h away, ai.d ufi have been bettiOn the arms the Mayor p«fMAT "IT t\ > K Mayor, vi.i. u ruopt respectin, H'gblHNW, tO f«] Montreal on y« oiler to your "h hearty welcou.eWe avail our* visit from the h express to jviir ai d attachmentnioet gracious * de-'Iareourhnw dom. modotii'un our love and \*i adorn her prh *'A* circum*i:%a< to honortbis tti-<ti with a pereoriil pleasedtocot»!»rn»-xt de <re«t \W authorising tb » Highneee. Thwj oonftideratiou *s and joy by ill i» provinces; but « Koyal Ilbjrhtu'tf* composeth'ir ri fully appm'iH't* knowledged, ths suHects, tbe adoTbe in.ffif! ..>gratifyingvirt —that maguinoivoder Gen. Garibaldi are several English officers, in- Calabrias, I am informed there are'"from 30,000 tocluding'Col. Dunn, who took a prominent part in thehand-to-hand conflict in which the General vas lately 40.000menin arms; andfrom letters received yester-subjects be embarked, as it might be accessary to use means of ^coercion against the town in case an insurrec- tion took place, or an attack was made from the outside.course, in This union Victor Emanuel, as the eldest ofthe two in the path of Italian independence and free the center of»the city with his troops. Clary assured about the confusion which actually ensued, some |o?engaged; Col.Peard, known to the worllasGaxi- dayfromthecampofGaribaldi,afierceatruggleisex- ItbeingMondayandmail-dayforNaplesthenotewasdom, is to have the command of the whole army, and the lead in the Italian policy to be pursued; Naples, in oneword,tofollow,andtobeassimilatedtoItaly,re- taining, however, its reigning family. As afirst-step in this assimilation, an exchanga of troops—Italian troops to Naples and the Neapolitans to the north, to undergo a healthy transformation, and thus become na- tional troops. The n*vy idem. The Constitution adapted to that in force in Upper Italy. The Custom- House line between the two portions of Italy abolished.These are the chief points of the conditions laid down by Garibaldi, and if they are accepted and carried into effect the power for evil of the Bourbons of Naples is brokf n. In the mean time the. prepara'ions are goiug on as if no resalt was expected from these negodau;ns; indeed, the conditions »re hard enough for us to be pre- pared for a refusal. Yet with most of the provinces of the continent ready to revdlt, with the capital onthe Consul that he would use every means tosecure victory to the army under his command. Yes- the inluibitants of this quarter commenced a series o fterday afternoon, the celebrated Gavazzi—once a insults to the Christiana. Ahmet Pasha, the Com-Catholic priest, nowa Protestant—made a long speech mander-in-Chief, aware of the importance of puttingin the square before the Senate House, where the stat- an immediate stop to these proceedings, sent troops,ues of Ferdinand II. used to stand, and called the Sici- who seized some of the offenders, phiced them iacianstoarms. He told.them that the illumination of irons, and made them sweep the streets of the their houses and the putting out flags from their win- Christian quarter. Whether this conduct was discreetdows, signified nothing; it was money and men that or not I will not stay to ^inquire. It was likely Garibaldi wanted to drive the Bourb ns out of Naples, to arouse the indignation of the Mussulman popula- the Pope out of Rome, and the Austrians out of Venice tion, and should therefore not have been adoptedbaioi s Englishman; and Peter Cunningham, a Brit- pected in the provinces, where there is an active re- ish sailor youth, who was first over the wall into actionary party, though small in proportion to those the midst of the Neapolitans in the vineyards of who are praying for the arrival of the Dictator as the Melazzo. It is a heartfelt wish of the General to only mode of driving away the reigning family, and of have more of the countrymen' of such men as these establishing ord*r and securing repose. Vessels are engaged with him in the noble strife for Italian continually leaving with provisions and ammunitionfreedymi. Having taken phare in the battles of Calata- for the troops.Tho following programme of the Ministry was is- sued on Saturdays sCITIZENS: When a promiHe was given in the procla- exposes. Moreover, those who join him may be cer- mation of the Minister of the Interior of a programme tain of receiving all the rewards and honors to which of the political tendency .of the Government, it was the they may be entitled. This has been already suiBcient- unanimous expression of the counsellors of the Crown, ly evidenced. Much has heen accomplished within a to which the Ministry do not now propose to create auy short time by a handful of gal;ant men. who have liber- further delay at a moment when the nation is preparing ated the whole cf Sicily, save one small fort; but much to eend its representatives to the fird.t Parliament: It more s'iil remains to be done, and there will yet be an is necessary that the country should know the generalsent tothe representatives at"Naples. The next day a formal order arrived in return from Naples, not only to desist from all means of coercion, but even to evacuate the town, and, if necessary, all the forts. With the order came a severe reprimand to General Clary, in- forming him that he had served his Government very ill, as, on the representations of the British Couaul, Mr. Richards, Mr. Elliot at Naples had taken up tiie matter energetically, thus placing the Neapolitan Government in an awkward position. General Clary himself di- vulged the circumstance, complaining as he did of those to whom he owed, as he supposed, the reprimand from Naples; and, no doubt, the position of a Neapolitan General at this moment is not very enviable.fimi, Palermo, and Mehizzo, 1 can testify that Garibaldi carts more for the lives and comforts of his followers than he does for his own, which, indeed, he too rashlyunless the Commander-in-Chief |was prepared *o> surrounded last night; he was arrested and kept under, follow it up by the *trongejst measures to repress a n y a strong guard. I t isrumored that his palace and the resentment it might occasion. That Ahmet Pashaadjoining church and convent (once) of the Jesuits are was sincere in his desire to preyent a disturb- full of aims, and that papers were found in his pos- ance I firmly believe; that he showed himselfopportunity afforded for distinction, fame, and promo laws by which the State is guided; the principles in panic seized the few inhabitants who still remained, and wiil be altogother refused. They will possibly be taon under him whom you-have so aptly termed "the which the Government intend to trust at present for every one hastened to go off, either on. board ship or to taken advantage to try direct negotiations withis cloEed. Three times the amount required has been of Christians there, he seems to have taken no active subscribed. stepf for the ree*tablishmeut of order. It would be Sigiior Manna has left for Paris. useless for me to enter into minute details of theare beginning gradually to return. Y ou would almosThe moment the information spread through the townthat the foreign vessels had to leave the harbor, and the brink of a ievolution, with a portion of the army that the foreign subjects were to embark, a general not to be frosted, it is not probable that the proposalsSARDINIA.TURIN, Aug. 12.—The subscription to the new Joan though he sheltered and protected a great numberItalian Washington." I shall be happy during the the establishment of the future; that it should see. thepresent week to give all the necessary asvice and in- first progress of our national existence free and inde-formation to thoee respectable young men, especially ' pendent. In such a manner public opinion, illuminatedKino Voiun Seers, as well as to soldiers who have by acts and intentions, will proceed to the exercise of was making off like the rest, was stopped by the sol- assumed at the last moment, he htis received a formal lire of Rentes were subscribed. " allowed to run riot In Damascus. Neither does tho fought, and may wish to gather laurels io. the cause of the electoral right with calm confidence in the firmness diery, and when, in spite of his protestations in the call to Naples to exculpate himself from the accusationsItaly, and to be able to boast in faturc years that they. of the new order of things, and with a conscientious name of his Government, he was detained, he^took to brought against him by Col. Bosco. The latter is saidtoo, were of the heroic band that foagbt under General deliberation in the choice of the deputies. One of the running, and while jumping a wall received a bullet to attribute to b^m the disaster;of Melazzo, declaring Ganbaldi. i first carts of the Ministry, convinced as it is that there through his hat. A lady who was trying to make her that' it had been agreed beforehand that reinforcementsillegal interference in the affairs of the State, and to comment of mine. MOi e direct accounts of these mat- prevent the undertaking of hostile steps against the ters will have reached you. There is, however, oneneighboring Governments, as well as to punish the in- factj which in the excitement and indignation which stigators of desertion. T h e same circular announces the intelligence of these massacres has naturally occa-the formation of a corps of volunteers to join the Na- sioned may have been suppressed or lost sight of. It tional Guard. is nevertheless beyond a doubt, and should in commoniuetico be published. With the exception of the very LETTER FROM FATHER GAVAZZI. lowest class, the settled Mussulman population of Da-The parting wish of the General, expressed to me. cannot be national pro.-*perity which is not based upon way to the Marina received a bullet through her crino- should be sent after the first column, and that these re- was that be might have as many Englishmen around the infallible principles of morality and religion,- will line while turning into a cross-street. I n e Austrian enforcements were not sent. We know, by the indis-him as possible.I have the honor to be, Sir. yoor obe<H«it «*rvanL EDW ARD STVLES. Captain.* J — . - , TJ . i v, .-Aj^de-Caxap to Oeweral Garibaldi. " Anderton'a Hold. Fleet stxe«tT» the ildiior qf The Tiw***.SIB: Thefoliowing letterreached meto-dav.Yonr*. obediently, " XD.P.HODGJC,Hon.SecretaryfortheGaribaldiJFoud.Andcrton't Hotel Aug. 13.. "JEaxKClToMxxinioXALX, M**»ina, Aujr, 5be that protecting with vigor the worship of our fore- fathers, the grand, solemn, imperishable expression of that gospel which first proclaimed the brotherhood of men, the emancipation of the people.Consul was told m answer to his complaint that the soldiers could not be kept in >rdtr.The column which has been the Catania wav, madeits entry into Messina yesterday. It being Sunday, thecretion of the Semaphore, that Clary's excuse was that he was bimBelf threatened by the column coming from Catania. . - . ' > • ' „ iA UGUST 2.—I this nborniug accompanied Garibaldi in MBusual morning visit to the Faro. Whatever be the e'eaeon, Garibaldi gets upat dawn, and it is.these earlyFather Gavazzi hasaddressed the following letter tomaecus took no part in the slaughter ot the Christians.As to the interior, the full and sincere action of the whole population of the villages had turned out. Alla friend in London: On tho contrary, Ulenias, Mollahe, and Sheikhs of thoMESSINA, Quartler G6h6ral, August 4. different religious orders of Islamism, and many of theDear Sir,—:I snatch a moment from my duties with notables of tho place, were active in saving Christianliv«-Hwhereveran opportunityofsodoingofferedit- the heroic Garibaldi to answer your question about the self.real aim of our movement. I spoke so much on thesubject when lecturing in England, that I feel it a part Fuad Pasha arrived at Beyrout on the 17th of July.Constitution of 1848, andthestrong andlegal repres- sion of every effort to the contrary, will form the un- changeablesubstratum oftheGovernment. In the salutary lustral vase of rights and duties there conse-along the road ontheseashore therd isa successionofvillages and country-houses, which are the resort of hours of the morning wnich he calls hio own, when he**I«r*»ao»«1E: Receive my doepeat gratitude for what yoa crated will be found the political regeneration of the to excess. The beauty of this road, flanked on both have done for u« and the love yon bear to our country. Should country, which reasonably waits to see life-givicg sides with those rich gardens which provide a greatT<PU wiafa to eoupioy any money graerooaly. »ab«crlb«d by your virtue transfused in all and every part of the governa-JeUow-coontrymen foi u». a*ud xu, before all, inuakftU with bayo- tive organization, an object to which the ministry will part of Europe with oranges and lemons, is qnite equalAll tho field officers whose conduct has given rise to now for the Bole purpose of uniting all Italy under the complaints were immediately .placed under arrest,nets. Yoor moat affectionate G. OAJUBALDl.^FRANCE.to the famous Corniche—nay, perhaps superior, be-constitutional sceptre of Victor Emanuel. Let English-menrepudiatetheideathatthereisanythingrepub-lican in the present movement, since even the hottestfollowers of republicanism have sacrificed their viewsto the great cause of our independence, unity, andconstitutional libertiee. I am, indeed, the happiestof patriots, finding myself, after so many years, inthe very field 1 longed for, where the couqueet ofour civil liberties will brirrg to my Italy the re-ligious freedom which was always (he dream ofmy" exiled life. Nor can I help feeling proud inrecollecting that my words to English audienceswere neither poetical norhupracticable. nut tho expres-and all the other officers of the regiment which was at Deir-el-Komniarweresummarilydismissedtheservioe» Fuad Pasha has declared openly that ho will »**J free use of tho powers with which he is invested, and that he will not hesitate to inflict capital punishment where bo sees cause for tho exercise of such severity- The Vice-Admiral of the Turkish fioet had been des- patched on a visit to all the towns on the coast. l a thoee which he had already visited the Sultan e nrc- mai), giving unlimited powers to Fuad P*^.*^Jf?JJ read, and also an order, signed by the latter, diwUng the immediate bombardment of auy town JJOTjJJJS slightest disturbance should occur. 8 000 a f l g g T TMThe Moniiew also announces that, on Friday night sentiments, while withdrawing, them from idleness and prejudiced. •;.fire broke oat at the barracks of the Emperor, at the from dishonesty; to urge on the execution of public The march of thecolumn, above allfor thelast six in thisfavorite pastime of contemplation and concen-Camp of Chalons, near the room of the Imperial works with as much energy as the Btate of the provin- or seven miles, was one continual, ovation, the peopletration in himself, hie presence at the Faro just at this vtime is required to vivify and advance the works whichPrince. ' The fire was promptly subdued, and the cial and financial funds will permit, and in simple and taking it in regular reliefs, and enveloping the soldiersare being constructed there.Like time, Garibaldi waits for nobody, so I "tookPrince was not even awoke. The Moniteur also pub- rapid methods^ to liberate public instruction from the in dust, cheers, and flowers. It would have wearied those most greedy of demonstration. T h e frenzy came'the country. Tho sokiiers, seeing this panic, amused Piedmont, which have been unsuccessful until now. themselves by sending random sho'is about, increasiug EVENING —Gen. Clary has left for Naples. The not a little the confusion. ' The Austrian Consul, who story is that beside his mission as negotiator, which heThe Official Gazette of Turin says that 27,594,240 events of. those six days, during which the mob wasj A circular has been published, designed to repress condnct of Abd-el-Kader on the ocaasion need anythe population of Mes3iDa in Summer time, and which now, owing to the wholesale emigration, are crowdedlikesito indulge in his day-dreams, or spend the time in confidential conversation. When at homo or in the camp, he likes to saunter about, leaving no spot in the neighborhood unexplored, anl having, above'all. a ter dor. cy to ascend all high hills or towers from which you have the most extensive view in the neighborhood.haveregard. Tobeginwiththecardinalreformsof causeexhibitingmoreverdureandlife.;Itistheonly Itwasintheseearlymorningwalks,neartheVillagelegislative principles, the Government Is preparing forthe consideration of Parliament projects in various spot in Sicily where I have seen irrigation applied gen- of Quarto, in the mountains about Genoa, that heworked out his idea of a descent opon Sicily, und on the. hights of the Pizzo do Fico that he decided on the bold blow at Palermo. The tower ot the lighthouse at the Faro is likely to become the brooding-place of some other great idea, for not a morning passes without Gar- ibaldi being seen at this chosen spot. ' Beside indulgingbranchei of public interest, and especially to found in erally, the means used for the purpose being the classicthe communes a new life, more in harmony with politi- water-wheel of the East worked by oxeu or mules. percent. in misery, to aesbrt m the amelioration of their moral tion along this seashore is the most intelligent and least.P ARIS, Ang. 12.—The Moniteur of to-day publishesm. decree, fixing the interest on the Boms dv. Tresor, cal institutions; to introduce a better-arranged admin- The greater industrial and commeroial activity reacts for five months, at i ] per cent., and for one year, at 2 letration; and while giving relief to those classes really on the people, and of all those I have seen, the popula-sion of a practical mind. What people objected to in auillciy had left Beyrout on the ¥ » J ^ ^ ° ^ xisneeanarticleonthelaborsoftheLegislativeSes-*-&xJ"i^ ifcte«**"»hied,andtorendertoitsacmewhenthecolumnarrivedatPrestano,wherecaretobethereatdawn.HelivesattheRoyalPal-myItalianviewshasbeenrealizedbeyondallimagin-andFuadPashawJ to^g^^M>k>n, tad states that the trial made of the Imperial it m the higheat sense the « educator " corresponding Garibaldi came to meet it. In spite of decrees prohib- ace, closo to ihe villa, the little ornamental garden in ation. They said we could and would not light—we them on the following day.Constitution has been favorable. The Constitution of to the new citizen life, and common to every social iting kissing of hands, it was impossible to restrain the the main ftfeet. As usual, leaving the larger apart-fought; that we could not govern ourselves—we did;stay in Beyrout ha* o ^ ^ ^ a T S T i ^ P e ^ banPrance can bear a comparison with most vaunted or- ganizations.The Times Paris correatpondent say*:condition; to establish the forms of a happier progress rush toward the carriage. ments to his suite, he retired into a small corner room, of aU the material interests which on one side tend to JULY 31.r-This morning, four steamers—the Aber- which-forms his bedroom, study, and private room; ad- the restoration of the finances by methods more useful deen, the Oregon, the Medea, and the Franklin- joining it is a small room occupied by his private secre-that we could not enjoy wisely our acquired liberties domination to show to Europe toat ^ w AJhiseS—we have done that also: finally, that we oould not both the will and the power to compel all her subject*rid ourselves of our municipal jealousies—we have to live in peace one with *&§&£ , ft <&&!&& fordone so effectually, aud to the astonishment of the ()n Mondav lust the Grand Vizier left bemr-Keui rorworld. Meantime, I have to thank your House of Nissu D u K h i s stay at the former place an iriquiryCommons for their generous words, Lord John RUBSOII waTinsUtatedginto the conduct of Zeinel Pasha, thefor his open and firm expressions, and/above all, your Governor General of the Province of Nissa; severalprivate telegram from Turin, dated the 10th inst, to the State and less burdensome to the nation- und brought from Palermo 1,600 men of the Brigade Sacchi, tary. He had just done dressing when I entered; he etates that the foreign ministers at Naples were sending on the other side, to promote as much as possible, com- a number of muskets, and considerable materiel of walked about in the room, scarcely illuminated by the their families on board ships of war. No official con- merce, industry, grand enterprises, especially of rail- artillery. All these, were disembarked at the Faro, at first gray light of tho morning,, liniahiug his/toilet. formation has been ixttemeivod of above,. xTnhe general ways, sources of thoee immense advantages of which the entrance of the Straits, as the most convenient point Coffee and some hard biscuits were ready for break-i*xtor Qf repeat jtfYJt** tatffe fc * fcfc* tb*t GWdhaldi's J all are sensible. Passing on to .secondary mneliorR- for future operations, Ifotrenjes meet, m tfje proverb fast on a Bjnall taWo encumbered with papers, "while in Untitled Documentpeople up large, vybo have given, such a moral support c W e ? of^oppression and spoliationten,X««J*aJT:www.fultonhistory.comma• ••• • >Thomas M. Tryniin bread daylight, of announcing his plansiong before-twice or three times along the room; then etoppnig, hel askedroe,jDoyonrememberthe'CarmedellaMorte'ofUgo'Foseolor' Onmy'confessingmyignorance he began to recite it to me, giving aU the emphasis of which those sublime verses are capable. Having fin- ished, w e sat down to have some coffee, talking of poetry and the superiority .of versi sciolti over rhymes,The first part of it is the usual Summer evening drive promnlgation of reforms is therefore only a question*? ih ordinary times, and it well merits its attractions, with time.that deep blue sea, and the white fort and houses ofMessina rising out of it; the picturesque fishing and SPAIN.coasting boats drawn up on the beach; to the left the . verdant hDls, coming down close to the road and ex-hibiting a deep'green, tropical vegetation on their It is reported fn Madrid that the Queen intend^ "\A slopes; before you, in a graceful curve, the sandy restore to Don Sebastian hisrevenues and estates.hundred workmen carrying earth, sand-bags, beams,and planks, and arranging all thismaterial so that eventhe blind could see. they were throwing up batteries. and Reggie, bathed by the sea. It is hard to say,,• mSeeing the construction of these works, the Neapoli- tans could likewise draw the inference that they were meant to command the Straits, and thus to impede all communication by sea between Naples and the points occupiedbythe.NeapolitansinSicily,f.whether this scene is more lovely in the warm eveninghim every morniog they seem to think that they have acquired a kind of right to bis acquaintance, and, above all, the children watch for his carriage, and never failthe Faro, forty influential men, representing all the to stammer the " Epviva Garibaldi Is It is a kind of towns of Calabria, were waiting for him in the ante- affectionate popularity which he enjoys on this spot,and which is quite different from the noisy popularity room. However glad to see them, he asked them to which is the usual tribute paid to great men; and Gar-wait, for he had first another duty and pleasure in store ibaldi is just the man to appreciate this popularity, and LAVERIO. GOROFALO, PRINCIPE DI TORELLA,. for Mm. It was to welcome his old companions of the to comply with its tyrannical exigencies. EveryoneIt was the second time I have seen Garibaldi deeplyThe intelligence of the disembarkation of 1,800 Gar- withdrawn further from land, so as to be out of can- eer. The first time was when the prisoners of the one begins his speech with the creation of the world.with the Minister of Foreign Affairs on the subject, eloquence then,- and was speechless as yesterday, but the five miles to the village of Pace, with its little brought us together. Long live the unity of the Prin- and the note is said to have been withdrawn. Never- on the other occasion he tried to conceal Lis emotion as roadstead frequented by coasters, ana its pretentious ces and peoples of Germany ftheless great alarm wascrsated by it, and a deputation a weakness, while this time he seemed to indulge in it church surmounted by a cracked cupola. After leav- The Emperor concluded thus: " T h e health of the of British merchants yesterday went to the legation to with pleasure.! H e looked up again and again, letting ing this village the houses become more sparse, and " King of Bavaria: cheers for the people of Bavaria."'Government in Syria, carries with him an order to Ad- conferred with the principal inhabitants. He left again ask for advice and instructions. . Among the popula- hie eyes wander round the well-known faces who had the gardens more numerous; you pass several dry The King of Bavaria said: " I hail with ioy and fallof his, so full of soul, he told them:— beyond it to the sandy, bare peninsula at the point of " two German great Powers." " My old faithful companions ! The sight of you which rises the light house.In the evening I went to see our outposts toward the arriving amid the cheers of the crowd which was at-.',vI:,r:,, >,.......•"••••'•1•'-••* <•••0 to nt-ri b •^'•'-•"**"'-r'' *^"'* -"''' '"'•'^" •• ••^• '••fin mum «IIbria, and the white buildiogs of Villa San GiovanniBERLIN, Ang. 13.—It is certain that Austria has aban- doned the idea of having the possession of Venetiaguar- anteed by Germany. Nevertheless, at the interview a t Toplitz, a perfect understanding was established be- tweenAustriaandPrussiarelativetothebanisotthe principle of non-intervention in reference to the affairs of Italy.The following will explain the nature of this under- standing. There is no doubt that, Garibaldi, aided byunderstanding about a common coarse of action. The ?uaintance, and sainted him with their best smile, the Neopolitan fleet, which he hopes shortly to possess,resolution taken was to send a deputation across to in- 'hey are lying, as it were, in wait for him, knowing, intends to attack Venice: yet, Austria feele strongvite Garibaldi to do for the rest of the Neapolitan king- asjhey do, that he passes every morning. By seeing enough to sustain a conflict aUnfi. evna against th«'* moves me and deprives me of all power of expressing The Neapolitan steamers were rather busy this morn- TRIESTE, Monday, Aug. 13.—In virtue of the proto-The.nnanimoue demand of the deputation was the AUGUST 4,—This morning one of our steamars, with when. A smile was the answer, followed by the word two battalions, conspicuous in their red shirts, came " soon," which e icitdd a ch«er all around. into the harbor iteelf, passing Neapolitan cruisers, and,•'//NAPLES, Aug. 7. classes of 1838 and 1839 by the Sardinian Government Thesteamercameinfrom Messinathisevening,and hasalso given new umbrage to Austria. Althoughat higher game; and yet this unheard-of success does cruisers from interfering, and to protect the landing of SYRIA. by no means blind Garibaldi, who even at this moment Garibaldi's troops at the same. time. The garrison iniis ready to listen to any arrangement, provided the ihe city and at the Fairo amounts to about 20,000 men. Correspondence of The Loudon Time*.great aim which he has placed before him' be secured. In the interview of to-day Garibaldi laid down for the first time the conditions undar which he would con-Many others are expected- to arrive. Neapolitan force in, the citadelThe wholeCONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 1.to about 4,000 men. On Saturday three small Tho massacre at Damascus ceased on the evening of sent to stop inhis career of victory. A prolongation steamers arrived from Palermo under national colors, the 15th. It is slid, on the authority of the differentof the armistice for live days was agreed upon, and Gen. Clary leaves this evening for Naples to carryand landed, in sight of the citadel and the Neapolitanthere the conditions. He is to be back on the evening ed by a nriett, who is the Colonel of the Regiment; but for these consular dispatches, I should place im-and south of Italy for all practical purposes, without actually driving away the Bourbons. It is one of theseenthusiasticideaswhichonlyGaribaldicancon-and Hungary, &,c, &c. Prince Palco had his palacesession unfavorable to the present state of things.utterly incapable when the storm burst over his head is beyond a doubt. On tho 9th of July, when the pillage and massacre began in earnest, he shut himself up in the citadel with his troops; and al-of m y old mission to assure your people that w o fight;}f J., «» • '.,tagainst tfa it app** tion of Pasha h*.taking, which •The fin toin<"r'«•.»*• foretah m ©f»fts>'r oratI*-*tee a n- ruph. Id, < WHhb•t might v#»r One thm stringrar l>y -wi.. I practiceh a s »Jr<* hers of t the proti.ii question* t operation* only wiihoing h+M4 ** •with the *: oatj lit*<xM. de P point of re gr'St r**u<* tors in whin set tied hemeny«: ' $ 8hasghiM revdesvo atixionx w shculd be to action co -1 doling the qn-«.t tri*'*Jn vf*w both sid g < hie thai •• * renew n* «Scovho?*, tsiuing i « by a with sacked and had joi,ru-<t quently pur hten v*••'. v d the httter reach S h " nThe AB^I and the A ... naa were .itTHE VI$Dil*r«« Q«r OvThe cer*?n bee vieh we expected. I been over-t* and evenirg intimacy wh who chronicand conditio! with dccu-i'jz wereeoflHei levee, a.dud dawn, migh proposed m then then the dancer of tocial bio every ina-iv to be spill to do w*h" Wednesday, be tore, a fall; but Mthe most pr attention of complicated fa body ever c«r« totally differvi Ioleesth;u natural th .• should po*** upon his face up bis partner etant;buttin of things. Ai agreed open; the im8gii!a*i fabrics of fictf been reared » may easily bel desolation bro iuduced the P:tbe more poHe did noi t breed Inci*: a, dreteed in a -t and went thro tisemenw wdeeply of beet races wan a * tiful lifle case the.silly ibn'iu morning to tfc institution, wl the afternoon welcomedbyt Wellasword*is reduced We have letters from Beyrout to the 2-Jthof July-consuls, that from 6,000 to 8,000 people have been mur- ports on the neutral ground, about 1,200 men, comma ld- dered. • A letter which 1 have received, and,in whioh,i/• isk.•* • 309 South 4th StreetFulton New York 13069]:....<•• A • •• •.',-.•V 