 «M^It flMlrodm Ms aad '"Daltad statesItewwi w8t. MiomL.the fact that the SecretaryworthyJudiciarydignity,presume toportcontrarysult of Cabinet action, and deems his per-for the reason that theitsapplause regret"IWlBB^i^^BiPBiWISH''^QTiKM. TOBK. KOITOAT, BBO. 81, UM.Tks fMght •*«(<•>>••>*• ir«mit beoanae of the evi- can we seeShort of it We copy any good public why Judgewent ahead of9|e SJ^-Snlireasondence it affords that the fear of emancipath>n Whri shotild be allowed one-fifth more pay bjf tome of the Southern States themselves, is than the other Judges of the Saperlor Court.Mb. Tsa itiesofUm of any more aeilons charge than that of puU- ssnAip in the original investment aad fisaa,i«4pik(Bailliic,Soenteeeepr. A«eiili Murlr •« poMibU.re- awaken confidence and hope in the heart ofiromBaASDlV—NiCBOutKiccxbt—Faci.Fai. withits leagueTligloU ridicule and contempt. Our Oor- Marylandandwas WAIXACK'8 IHIATM — PiBinti — T»H NoMT'i ing them to overthrow the Qorernment.aid-in the Federal right slaves, byissaidthatStkwastandSann.tBKATBK ntAWCOia—AsBonn LaoovTBiiB.The Presiclent's decision is entitled to the will draw everything else In its train. more marked approltation, because it is under-to sustain this voting away of tke public through the of our Chief Executive. HtaomlireW BOWIBT THKATRB-MlB AjtTHOlT WAIHI- stood to have been taken against the protest laaFinxTCobbiup-TbiMtuiumorFiua. ofthreemembersoYhisCabinet NothingThe that reportFlotd has at-on t^e part of certain Democratic members, need do otherwise. With such a President a FloildaheadedbyWm.M.Twrd,toelecthimnext simpledecreefromWadiingtonthatCharles- SoothCarolina Ohio:—BABNUirS MUSKUM—Artemoon and Eronlng—S«A or loa—WiAX u Ii t—AiTio CaiiDaaa—Sooth Aruoia AMuanns.a an increase of saap-jydgmentmovementa single ship or soldier, wouldHOOUtT BRiaiAniuHTi.and void if voted to-morrow.The GovxBRMEMT ahd the Pubuc Ciidit.morningSecretary Flotd resigned his position as the head ican people, whom they had sought to betray. of the War Department on Saturday, the resigna- Mr. Flotd reveals the astounding fact that tion to take effect immediately. Although this pledges had been given by the Administration erent has been anticipated, still the ostensible to South Carolina that the Federal troops cause for it has been unexpected. It seems that the should make no movement, by way of prepara- movement of Major Andxbson in evacuating Port tion for contingencies, until the demands ofus to measure more accurately the means and plans of the Seces-Moultrie and occupying Fort Sumter, was directlyWithout thepeople of all defeatfr^a moral one. The momentto the spirit of assurances which hadrepresents this pledge as having been the re- "—at the UidoD—its "been given by Secretary Flotd, with the Pres-ident's consent, to the authorities of South Caro-lina, that no change should be made in thedisposition of the Government forces in the fortifi-catiooa in Charleston Hartior, until the StateCommissionera--o^ld arrive in Washington andand other by the Constitution and laws of the United States. Suppose fhst the late Postmaster of this City had offered to re- sign when the deficiency was discovered in his accounts, and that Mr. Bcchakan had ac-greater mistake, ofthetwosectionshave a hearing. As soon as the action of KajorAaoSBBOH became known, the Gegi^ssioners his ability to defend it. ,Eng'andFrance, theyfreighted of it ciHues to ourgold, own"port. TheycaBed upon Secretary Flotd for explanations. prudencebetween the amounts in thewith tiie which are tomoSjt.^mphatic expres-Mr. Flotd disavowed the act, but the Commis- bis forces to some other fortress, less exposeddiscrepancy"ionera would not be satisfied with anything to assault than his personal honor."ment receivesfromthe FederalGovenunent.order. 1%eCabinethadaverylongdiscus-Qitattle-aaryaion on the subjectBUM at onceDisunionist aa either of them, itandwisely putoff the collisionThethe mischief excite, the more they; but,finally,theweightofthe Cabinet being against complying with the demand;greater staple wasting;wiUi the demand ot the Commissionershas not brainsappears enough —to have long been acting in guilty of canthe North, wewere without aparticular ever the they expendproceeds,these must all—that its intention is to make disimion sae-tion ofAmerican citizens, by an act of gross breach of;ators would require. It has always heretoforenor asailor to we should adapted it,but thisbe instituted f Certainly in Mr. Flotd's ca-buy food, clothingWhatever shouldcorrect thismisap-I troops,their use. According to our telegraphic accounts,Charleston at the present time must present a verywarlike appearance. The place is filled with sol-diers, and more are arriving every day. Volun-teers from other States are being accepted by theGovernor. The Courier, in giving an account of taincy and ownership thereof, giving two re- the evacuation of Fort Moultrie by Uaj. Andib- liable sureties never again to visit any of the BOH, says he has achieved the unenviable distinc- Pacific States.a cell beside him as his partner in ourwhich hasus thatin proportionThe Trust Fdnds and tbi DarABiicKKT or ground^cJXm^Jiatk Mntf, 0Mbt^, IDecembev 81, tmnia, irnl»»»n». WUaky aad Hides wera fai iMoeat. a bodj will be oontent with ttotUng that faSs leeel ve oaty $6,000, la not eKaiiMy dear nor ;Thenad la hte mfUtmtMUklul weni' oftUelMMflinpoitof administration has been signalized by unpar-enter theA mandate, withsut theof Interior, in whose Department nearly a mil- fc CAMPBBLL'S,Niblo'f S»l»n-BtHiOPiA« lion of dollars has just been stolen, shouldofbe sufficient to close every Southern port. No merchant would run the risk ofhaving his sliip or cargo confiscated.AmDaxcu>taTAUansCoKfAirr. NEWS OF THE DAY.Our dispatches from the Federal Capital thisforts of the country into the hands of its foes. Imagine, if possible, such a demandextent, an indorsement of their charac-andWhatwillCoreit. — creditoftheFederalGovernmenthas^ .j„^ and resolute hand, a moral force only would fallea,alleled corruption, and the Secretarytheto-day byemolimients which would be unconstitutionalS1,47M«Shave the insolence to threaten resignation,As a matter of course, the Washing^ Con-madesolent traitors have been permitted to resign ? They would either have been ignominiouslyejectedfromor handed over for im-of all has to float on the they consume,a civil war between —its pecuniary and political aspects.^cess. We are not boastful, because we have 2. United States i per cent. Annuities, per- petualthen gives an account of a secret meeting often per- sons, during which a Committee of three was called on to repoK what assistance had been sent to Capt. MoNTOOMSST, and what had been done at St Louis.having opened A Valuable SuooestionFlotd tointhis7,003,000The Panola Star,and those dismantled by the burning of the now prevaUing among the negroes about pressionhow difficult success is.3. Chichasaw National Fund, in State and FederalSecuritieswithSec.ofTreas. 1,382,000— has solemn of hasthe faith that he '"jiolated a pledge MissLssippi,by Secretarybeen taughtfollowing paragraph lina." The Courier intimates that the spiked owners taking some pains to correct a very false im-whichwelusion whatever is made to the theft of $870,000hazardous matters, withall theupon"other of those circumlocution-phrases in recent ootfrf act isveryexert no power off their own eoil.mUlion loan. A newspaper which directs all its efforts and itg; influence to tHe encourage-office,portionvolved, and the manner in which they are to put a vessel afloat nor could it keep one afloatthe State had been submitted to Congress. Hewhether addressed to Northerner South- if in the Cabinet, he em individuals or audiences. Never was a—"sonalhonor involved,therefore,bythemove-amenable to the fulldisqualificationstheir convictionsandideas through sources entirely different. were to vie in their efforts to stand first in^nscarriages, " will soon be in a position to respond to the election of Llircour. It is generally believed by from the Department of the Interior— theperhaps,Total Annuities and Trust Liabilities. . . .$23,167,U00 These items had remained substantially theCharleston Harbor, when the Convention went into Slavery question caimot, in any way, free them."incompetency.entire ignorance of them, he assumes in hiswas a rich mine for the the arsenal, and also that one hundred men are to bewith an amendment that no bills providing•^. , ,^ .passed,should be received, the par value of which is below that of the bills of the Bank of South Carolina.such veteran lieutenants as Richabd Scdkll,The great mass of the Southern people, free and the other sharers in the plunder of Wil- based. If ask a Southerner why he has heavy sums of Missouri State stock, then wlUi the Internal arrangements of the St Louts— The chances of a compromise being agreed upon men as well as slaves, havein the Special Committee of Thirty-three do not lieve that Mr. Lucolh's election involves thefor supplies to the Utah army.;captured.that nothing has been doneThe letter the Commit- saysdisbursed within the last four yearTunder theimmediate orders and private arrangements of secret session. Subsequently the resolution was This hits the heart of the peril that now this most remarkable financier, assisted bySuch ason is not to be reasoned with, because in hisoverhangs the Union and the Southern States....contractors and other holders of thetent than ever before.on board five hundredLobes Key, on the 7th or 8th inst., and the cap-tain of a schooner, who went to herwas pressed into the service of the officers of thealaver, who compelled him to carry them to a the task which the Star suggests, responsibilities of his present position. point where they procured another vessel, without falling under the suspicion of beingwith which the cargo was conveyed toIts destination. The notorious yacht Wan- treacherouson board. The U. S. Mohavk is steamship—intoseveralofthe ftatnresalariesofQeoboe6.Babnabd,Judgethis Gae.H. morning.and TlThe Stock Market onof service. Mr. Babsabd's elective gance of prediction that is not fully believed. last, stood, withtheir term a time we stood confounded because we changes specified, the same as on the previoussteerage passengers. Saturdayas does also Forunder Gov. Mok- could not comprehendDec to. Mttanxtt, from Matanzas, for New-York, has put taito this port for coal. She hasUhave been awarded In the States permitting Slavery,' (to which should b«Bonoi, Saturday. Bohemiem sailed at we had to deal with over- amount and security of the fund. And this three o'elmsk this afternoon for LlverpooLIff cent,TheThe ship A.menc€, having —Africans,(hip Letbia, had been captured off the coast by a Spanish war-vessel, having nine hundred Africaiunowedeals, sprungBoston. This morninged to have captured two vessels, which had clearedat Havana, for but ostensibly legal trading voyages,whichwerefoundbyhertohaveonboardallthe evideDcea of an intention to engage in the Slave-othersSouthern States and adopted as the supreme the Supreme— aswehave throughlongWe are free totrade. Eilorta were made beingup thetheand banker* at Havana to relieve the money mv- ket by procuring the issue of Treasury bills, andthat it should be averted. To appeals toor common sense, or to standards recognized by Item No. 8 from $2,028,000i,Mx. TsMnn, whoae prirate wealth and staBdiag forbid thebeUevd^alaa^^ That we may not seem to T«~*ftf the «• Ja^)l^ change (beesl ture,of tb«4Bci«aae of this Indiaa Fond, withmtp and soUieTA Oleana ot Hope IWe have at least something that eocoar- really the motive of the disunisn movement in That a majority of the Democratic mem- credibiehowWith thren. Itegn hope for ths honor and stability of the the minds of many of the ultra Pro-Slavery bers of the Board of Sapenriaor* should be anoe, coupledI Cauvobiu, ieii<Bed for ehe» OoTemment. It is stated that President Bu- men in the South. The same sentiment was willing to Increase the salary of one Bepnb- Almost ever; maa1 A»«io«, CaHftmU, OngoB, Wuh- CBAMAji has actually refuted to withdraw the expressed by Southern men previous to the lican Judge, in order to have the salaries of with aeceasioD, tfaM .BiitUk Coiomfala HUl «ka Saatwl* Maadli troops from Charieaton, or to order Major An- election. They said that they apprehended no two Democratic Judicial officers raised in a with New-Toik. ThatJ a wupMa Dliari Of AMriMB »rMli DiBSOir out of Fort Sumter! The decision interference with Slavery in fbe Southern like manner, we can quite readily understand ; sent against them would.act with suCintter helplaaiMiiki carelessness in his charge orer itwhose War,——of thsor itstoa vessel would from any quarter.ment of Major Andxbsoh. Mr. Flotd seems penalties prescribedtheythegracesofthenewnation. Shipswereto fly across the ocean freighted with gold to be" especiallysensitiveonthescoreof personalit wereexample, proposed bygoes, he might astake EeittoroftheCommissioners,SecretaryFlotdfelthim- happensself called upon to resign. It is intimated that the country, and his educatioa the very ingtheytration. It is notthat its measoiesIt is, evidently, considering the careBoston,honor."he devotes to its protection, his weak point. We advise him not to rely too confidently onThe in no people arehis of Major AaoxBSOir, and withdraw ceedings,as a bar to otherwouldLet him imitate theceptedresignation,pro- the " unavoid-compare ;comebut much more to the cession movement—treasonable encouragement which that move-welland while Lavi is as thorough aof all legal ties.King Cotton is dethroned.unfortunately that his head is the very weakest inand clerks—furtheraggravated,asinFlotd'sprice. meanswords,Oregonappears design.It Is further intimated.-^t President Bdchahan Indiana and ofmay, after all, come to the conclusion to comply to become so guilty as the Secession conspir- league what comparison responsibUMy— been led to be-favor all the qualities upon yourailwayi^,^^^ ^^j^iBcendlatT Flroa la Brid(ep«it, Coaa. BantomaT, Conn., Satiuday, Dec 30.forgain,tient toil,remitted without loss ofCabinet,Georgia Total...;$1,028,000 *3,M2,00t «1,S16Jwill strike no one with astonish- but that the President should acceptthementthe resignation in due official form, is some- thing which appears almost incredible. The ceremony of accepting a resigaatlon is one only due to officers who have faithfully dis-and Arkansas.punish him if guiltyshould be impeached, and, if convicieJ, heldfiringgunAdministrationin aletter regrettingsistance with those of the Power to be as-nyfreighted, too,sions of disapprobation~.«hd disgust of_theablePost-office vaults of New-York and the bal-sailed and if there were a manifest inferior-either in number of vesselsFort Sumter. Thii, it appears. Secretary Flotd cessor. The President cannot afford to make been the judgment of the public on such a pline of the forces brought into action, they inaugurated, nor is it likely to seek a State oron theirshort of the withdrawal of the troops from Gen. Lani is talked of as Mr. Floto's suc- ance due^ at Washington," what would have or weight of guns, or the number and disci- of the newwas willing to agree to, and he accordingly asked the permission of the President to issue the neces-such an appointment So far as intentionwould,ceptalternative,till they were superior in everything upon their which success might depend. In other words,President's sending—proceeding ?And yet, as between a simple deficiencyintheaccountsofa andtliecom- Postmaster,ityparttill these conditions were reversed, ac- defeat as the probable, if not inevitableat the foundationsA aaerchant of this City was asked prominentten days ago, what would be the effect of Osofahordes of plundering contractorsplicityCabinetfalls inthe littleThe South areIn the letter writtenIn allex-should inspire confidence, we admitSpeaker Pennisoton,given by his chief and accepted by South Caro- " We wish to suggest the propriety of all sl«ve morning's Times, it will be observed that no al- perience has given us, with precedents that various Indian Tribes:publishtraining4. Stocks in Trust with Sec. Interior forofficerwithmultitudinouscase, by the misuse of his position to place between theirday but there to be no certainty about it. In other the discarded son of arms in the hands of trattors with whom he mercial affairs and industrial pursuits. If at duce and sell their cotton or starve. How- tuwisely:Secretaries Thokpsoh and Thomas may resign to- worst for the successful prosecution of thisplansand means. So in com-in any market in the world. They must pro-—what butitrather weconfess,tosea selvesontheirside surprises us,ad Knais Im nrap* dqilnf tbt put taa dajf, win b* does not seem to amount to much in itself, States from a Bepublican PresidenttaM4Tns(Uoadrnj)Anam«Ma,atSP.H.,Inreadl- andunderordiiuurycircumstanceswouldnot theydidfearwasthattheelectionofaRe- theboasted"onehonestman"ofTamaoany to''perpetnalblindness,ei;^mauferlhaauU Hmmlilp wM«> «» *" A«plnwmU deserve any special note. But as things have publican, and the tendency of his Administra- Hall—the " Watch-dog of the County Funds," industry and skUl is to gradlhheir State; )E^ \J$IX, aad December, 18W, ia thvt U H. OB Tnndsy Th* MiU oloMi at flu Poit- been going on of late, it is a matter of very tion, would encourage ideas of emancipation the " Old War-horse of Democracy," as Mr. without a ship or sailor the South U to be Ike ^ vAikdi it is stated that tlw ehaages wl^L|^t 1* A. M. Plla* of the pep«, !• » «o»».f=i_r_s.t ,.,_. , .,.. ... -a_njd o—* were aonfae* to * maritime power of the world ; ( '''j»Bi the payaw:;thatgreat importance, and will everywherethe country. It ^dicates a purpose on the the Federal Government and the North to in- grossly imposed upon by some of the lobby- Christendom, through the marreloua virteee ^ BJ #26,000 New-York st—k mi'part of the President to make a stand some- terpose. Few of them propose amendments harpies who earn their livings by attending to of their great staplewhere for the Constitution and the Union. It having this object, so openly and frankly as such pecuniary jobs ; and we are not without The career tipon wtiich they are entedac la | tends to rellere ua from the fearful suspicion, the writers we have quoted. But they all hope that when his eyes have been opened, he the only thing; that can release themMIBLO'S SXBDXX—Tsi Guiurox.ia.nBA K«H»a TH«ATKK-Tn 8«T1« BunM. which had begun to creep into the public mind, look in that direction. If they can secure a will oppose this measure as vigorously as he their delusions. Already has the moral 'asthat the President of the United States wss inclear and distinct recognition of the property-iias, up to this point advocated its passage. Itwell as the common sense of mankind spokeninwordsofenemies,actuallyConstitution,Littlk,Supervisorsthey can easily accompUsh the rest,—for that on the Republican side, have been won over emment is dealing more lightly, very probably KentnekyFlight of a Great CrimlBal.—money Mr. Stiwabt being misled by an offertreacheryWith an efficient and honest one, we hardlyTomessre inttuiaNorth Carolinae6,ags70MO taxfiK US400mmSecretary^-^ u»,oot iis,aH 190,000tempted to screen himself from the conse-OANAL BTBBET,No.aH—WBnucK'a Fan OuusT can better illustrate the political degradation quences of his official crimes by retiring from President of the Board. We trust these gen- ton was in a state of bktckade, or that no liOultluas7,soe 90,000 7,CWor Oa PAiimaos,BOWEBT TBXATBB—SPAcisna Ji Boasu' Cocua—of the times upon i^hich we have fallen, thantlemen will reconsider their action.clearances to or firom it would l>e granted, not80,000 7,000OAMTSBBUBT MUSIC HALL—Sam CowKIi—Soxos unless the President should surrender the charged their trusts. It is, to a certain The Trouble with obt Sonthent Brethren Were the political power wielded by a firm stitution exults in the low point to wliich theabstract-have.will be consideied har^ probable under existing been as one essential of a Cabinet pacity as a Cabinet officer, the President such a fact as evidence of the want of faculty their commissariat. If they choose to waste prehension, if it be one, would at once restore circumstances. Tinsdemandisunderstoodtobe regarded his thecreditoftheGovernment Businessem- the uttimalum of the gentlemen from South Caro- officer, that he should be qualified by educa- should have refused to accept resignation, on our part for its successful prosecution. their means upon such things, they are the barrassments would still exist and therelina. tion to read plain writing, and either to write on the ground that sufficient facts had already Nor should we infer success, nor count upon losers to a far greater extent than ourselves. would be more difficulty in negotiating Gov-The Charlestoniana contiDue_lheir belligerent or dictate intelligible answers. Until this been made public to justify Congress in his a complete change in all our material inter- When they ezperien(a~tlta^<esults that are ernment loans titan has hitherto been enoean- demonstrations. The Arsenal, containing thou- rule, therefore, shall have been repeal- impeachment; while in the other aspect of ests, simply from a change in our political re- palpable to a man witt'MfJtt. eye, and not tered. But we should have no such exhibi- sandsTof stands of arms belonging to the Govern- ed, we think no true friend of Gen. this case there can assuredly be^ no lations ; Dor act upoa the Itlea that an event before, we may expect, soaie reason in their tions as that which has given the Constitution ment, has been formally taken possession of by XlAse should lead him to reject the very equity in holding Mr. Ri;88hi.& under we desire is certain to happen, because we conduct.and the muskets to appropriatedlock and key for trial, unless Mr. Flotd be--desire it Our convictions are the result of^^^^^^^causefor and exultation,for mortification andeverybody else regrethandsome offer made by his late partisans inOregon, who have bound themselves toand launch for him one of the handsomestgiventhe offence of constructive larceny. The guilttraining,taught expensiveevery- ;—THE Inteeiob. When Presideat Piebce andhis Secretaries of the Treasury and Interior made their last reports to Congress, the va-flatboats ever seen on the Ohio orKivers, provided that he will accept the cap-pa- which can never for a moment beMississippiannounces the of a let- receiptthe 13th Inst, addressed to the commandant of the United States Arsenal at St Loolx.buildvaluable isof Russell was merely the result of a desire and that all excellence... is the result ofAid forSt. Lorn, Saturday, Dec. 29, 1800.while that of Flotd possesses-'all the same features of criminality, with the aggra- vation of having abused his high position andTheRepuhlicaneven whenany hostile demonstrations against the place." our slaves that they were to be free if Lincoln was whole document confining itself to an insolent condition concurs from which success may be same since the incoming of that Administra- five thousand dollars' worth of arms had been sent toIn the South Carolina Convention on Saturday, elected, or at least they think somehow or other they -a communication was received from the Collector are to be benefited by his election. We do not recom-theft was found necessarytransacting the other business-Kjf his office in ac- had nothing In the arorld to do with them or their free- own management of the War Department. Itdefeat as very probable, reasonably inferred.everyis a confidence or United States funds in the third and fourth ited for him with the Committee at St. Louiscordance with the ordinance lately passed by theConvention. A resolution that the Collectors of Stare Statesthe State be authorized to receive the bills ofbank in the State was discussed until a commum- body else, and that all the taUt they hear about the cation was received from the Governor relative toissimpleanything. With such, to do is been paid off.mendof thisand to a lauda- of success, which is extravagant just in pro- ;Unes, by either Secretary, except in one or^ acceunt of thereit, but suggest for the confiideration of the bet- ter judgment of our fellow-citizens whether It wouldof the Port, giving information that all the officersot the Customs had entered the service of the State,and that he had commenced receiving duties and not be best to teU them that the election of Li50ol» tion, absolutely fulsome, by Mr. Flotd of histhat the movements at St Louis had been oa delayedhasany done to change their condition, by Mr. Lincoln or any- sixtydom, butreference to the questionor will be is a fearful thing to realize, that mopB'^anmillions of the been first of Mr. withedge—andof new makingjustification ofthe Secretary's course in giv-ingthose acceptances, to meet which the; also,pictureas those who cherish it are incapable. two instances where, as in the case of $100,- five hundred guns from Kentucky for repairs—a fact;about to be sent from ttiree to to him who has never 000 Ohio stock, the debt had matured and of which no one was supposed to have any knowl-was wrecked on the Southern Press by the terrors of mob- himself with traitors in plots for the over- lieved from almost every burden that oppresses ed and perpetual United States.annuities,a leak on the 17th Inst, and bore up forbyc^>italistsduringthat no mankind, they are as deaf as madmen. No to maintain it at about this figure,The Oreat Westera Sallwey. HAHamr, C. W., Saturday, Dec n.The Great Western Bailway traffic for ths_The BteaasKhlp Mataagas. Noarou, Saturday,exchanges occurringis too monstrous to be uttered with all apparent sincerity, nor any extrava-reportof$3,449,000,week endbig yesterdayincrease of $M0 orer the correqiondlng week of lastinassistance, the Southern States could enter upon shall at once exert itself to hold him to all theperson who dared to breathe a for another venture to the coast. The French word against the dominant faction, was bung^Jflrum la Baatea.derer, having changed owners, was preparingrevolutionanythe 6, Delawares, Mayreport-—hasbeenlaw, instead of the Constitution of the United States.Ultixatvh ai the South.—We referredof comepartially destroyed by firethatwe FoKaCo.,machinists,lose#4,000, andother oeeu-och a meaaare, it was thought, would go into ef- some d^rs since to the letter of Hon. Albebtdecided one other,-the Constitution providingwayuntUthelast which Mr. Ooddabo Bai- let, the Secretary's clerk, certified in Octoberfect immediately. Trade and There was nothlnf of Interestwere dull. at Nassau.amounted to aa $M,fi00, beingRust, of Arkansas, in which he urged that the this port on Saturday for Liverpool, with 13 cabin amendment of the Constitution, forbidding anyState to abolish Slavery. A writer in thetical affairs. New-Tork Centra}. 76 <r cent. Ex- comment on the second of Mr. CainuroxB'schange remains 1040106 on London. Honey works proposed amendments, which, he says, " fallseasy at Bank, and there is only a moderate basi- neas with the Bill Brokers. The Banks, and other money lenders uniting with them Ui a combination bid atassumptionlawandjournalanywhereinsist thatCongressintotheseStocks. Butwe now on close find,;throwUnion,itinothersheranashoreonSchoonar Chatham, and ailed. The crew loft In (mats,to the South. the French DuringJudicial Salaries.this afternoon bya lifeboat The vessel isprobablynewcrimeofincivisme.Thisfor theof the French Code of Terrorportion aswcUassome ingsanto a realizing sense of things only tribes.shouldto theseimportedandshall The Bittiah steamer Bint, Cagt. Kirnidt, left South should demand, as an Ultimatum, an have their salaries increased duringclosed with muchateadineea, considering the disturlied state of poli- Republicanterm as Recorder expires to-day, the term of Judge White,That the fraud of abstracting $870,-St Louis makes the followingreport.Theperannum,%l,fiOO,OOe in the new Treasury Bills of the Feder- added:) and any State permitting Slavery now, or men named will be sworn in for theirsteamshipalOovenmient. hareafler,shallhaven» toabolish powerortoincreaseof votedwouldbe cleartoallthatsalary and spoilt children, who spurn all obli- subordinate, knowing that his chief had bsen•ztaaatve, as the export inquiry wss checked by purposes of protecUon, loithout the consent, ~in dueSu- gations when disagreeable to thsm, who accommodating in the originalthat a Hetlodlst who persistad in dlaaaal- preacher,the rise in Com aod freights.andand wbo cut be aotiQivd by only one echoffl-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Missouris and North CaroUnas new securities—wereand buoyant. Provisions, Cofiee, Rice, Tallow, Hay, Bops and Naval Stotea were lightly dealt In. Su-all the States at the timeof theOn last Wednesday Supervisorlowed himself to be made the medium of cer-tain outside parties who are in favor of add-countries.JudgesorSurrogates,holdingoffice,one thousand dollars a each to -the their wishes and necessities. They yearceeds of certain landsgoBuiidmg Nos. 41, 43 and 4$ Kingston-street,oan's appointmentaswas then and had beenis now notorious.steamshipexperienced a severe aiul contlnnsd gale of wind.TheBahsadaaOatwardBaaad.Dec. 90. halfpaHWest," Congress shall have no power to abolish Slavery wait until to-morrow, when all three gentle- ol^their friends,shortofthemark." Itisasfollows ':surrogate.or never" with the Supervisors,for ifished—Court, James W. White, Judge of Court,andEdwabdC.West,Sur- ence. Nothingpainfulexperi-confess,the Superiorrogate. The resolution to this effect introducedwhichenabledtheDepartmentTotal loss, $8,000. TheSuffolkLeadWorksweredamagedbyfire,to-Mr. Pcbdt, comes up for action to-day, and haps,bymust be hnmediatelyIt cannotbecombine together for the purpose of securingPennsTlTanlaacters, and is seldom performed in the ordi-Amdbxv Jackson. Would the in- nary course without expressions of regret for already had good effects. It has given us a of the means of existence. They can the htmuliating failure" of the proposed five-unavoidable differences of opinion," or some new view of Southern character, while theEvery thing they produce, and a very considerableare again of a highly important character,and indicate still further complications in the al-ready sufficiently entangled knot of difficulties. peachment to the representatives of the Amer- But the officer who has proved false to his sionists, the magnitude of the difficulties in- sea, which we command. . The South cannot blow inflicted upon the credit and honor of thewhich official chicanery delights.enablingment of disunion, nattirally rejoices in everytrust, or who is suspected and accused, withstrong prima facie evidence against him, of be encountered.six months should we ^divide our navy with them.In the mean time, as secession is impossi- ble, the overt act was a fortunate event as it put|the South at once on their probation.Federal Government. It begins to see fruit from the seed it has been so industriouslysowing. It begins to perceive that its assaults upon Union men^ts denunciations of every man, North and South, who ventuiee tosayasyllableinsupportoftheConstitntioo —complicity in schemes involving both plunderwhich has resulted we at the North have acted on—such complimentary exit from his duties.In the wholecontroversyand treason,cansurelyhave no claim toany InIfsecession,the idea that similarargumentsand consider-inthearmy,heshouldbeatonceanestedand ationswouldhave thesittneinflu- very nearlya court-martial ordered to try his case andits malignant misrepresentations of the t^-— ;ence,of aof a soldier have they suffered the most fatalfor peoplethe that an attack fromIf,getof New-York, orbrokewiththeNorth, EnglandandFranceshould or attack, |invitem'^tiiHng every pen- lic credit. Something of it is due to the se-theythe naval forces ofexchanged for its precious products. Ships the real cause have come with butthey. would alwaysmaintaina relation propersimply vacillating—^that it actsThe reverseportion Everything accomplishedbeingthat this ironld make quite an additton taMr. Thompson as his Secretary of the Interior, of Germans residing in the neighborhood of the St it was no secret in Wall-street that the Indian Louis arsenal, and most ofthe workmen employed InThecase of the South is, consequently, scrutiny of the public documents of 1667-68,Bars,ortheir means of attack and re-positionpower. of ex-— ^thefollowing D«scr}paoD.r-in the Southern States themselves. PcBDY has been called, taking part io such aThis is a danger against which they wish scheme. We suspect that he must have been they are to exact tribute and homage fro» aB waetment ef $12,000 Tenaeaaee,kind of trade, and had not a ship come North if not to ;thingReportedCm.pt* MoBtgamerr.andrious Indian Trustfunds consisted ofthe ter,datedChicago,Ourproved recreant to his oath of office, both in perience, consequently of wisdom and suc- 1. United SUtes Annuities, terminable tll,7S4,000 ing for the purpose of aiding the Kansas sufferers. Itlogicis thelogicof lifelogicwhich details the proceedingsof aRepublican meet-ofprinciples^eDirect trade la nottheir stock ifpublic money-itave as easy as to wish. Boastfulness is always During the year Buchanan, tee expected to have the assistance of a large nuabarnow loOT so promising as heretofore. The propo- abolition of Slavery. It is that belief which We hold that Congress will be false to itssition of Ur. Adams, relative to the admission ofNew-Mexico, meets with unexpected opposition has raised them to their present pitch of ex- most solemn and imperative trust if it fail to all material progress. The Government has pected, until the recent development that thefrom the Bepublicans, who contend that it would citement,—which has driven the whole South-put forth everyeffort in its to this power bringenriched the North and reduced the South tonative State of Mr. Thompson, North Carolina,fire was discovered about 1 o'clock this morn- ing, in Bsats' buUdlng, comer of Water and GUberthoopwas dam- considerablybrought to a close. morseless political leaders, to plunge them into one who appears guilty of such complex and world. Its destruction is urged, consequent- a resting place for a good round sum of his for which he Is Insured. OunoF'l loM is about $1,300^be unsatisiactory to the South, and the Southern em population to the verge of disunion and bold, bad and domineering offender to justice.members oppose it for the same reason. The la-bors of the Committee will probably soon be which threatens now, under the lead of re- The mercy of oblivion is too much to ask for South will immediately rival and eclipse the Mr. Senator Yclie, of Florida, had also found aged. His loss on stock and building ii about $3,000,We poblish this morning a long letter from certain and remediless ruin. The Panola heinous otTences against the country ; while,as the true means of the disenthralment Railway Bonds, indorsed, or in some way and he is also Insured.Secretary Flotd to Speaker Pxmninoton whichwin be read in the House to-day, in justifies n ofbis course in granting acceptances to contractors suggests the plain and palpable remedy. manner in which Mr. Flotd can disprove or for the transportation of army supplies across thePlains. He contends that it has been through thismeans only that the Department has been able toobtain the services of competent contractora.By the arrival of the steamship Karnak, at this restore peace and prosperi^J to the country every effort to clear the escutcheon of our has the South been able to develop in the drawn frota it, at the time was, that the Inte- with their contents.port, from Havana and Nassau, we have later in- than can be done in Congre&TS^ throughout Government from any suspicion of having Union, which has protected persons and prop- rior Department, to facilitate the partisan ac- BoUi fires were the work of an incendiary.Star sees the real nature of the difficulty and on the other hand, if there be any possiblely,of the South, and of unlimited progressinguaranteed bythe State of Florida, whoseindirect ratio toper-Trust Depowing to the oppressions of the Government. than the open Stock market could convenient-which success islett's Point, Fort Snelling, and the contracts not ships and sailors, he tells you that it is all being created by that yonng State much faster arsenaU _^_^^^So with manufactures,conmierce, and with ly be made to absorb them. It was not sus-:— cotton;tmjkf797M0 v^ T»r,o«o m/m mjm 181,080 in wo ULOOO *«8,iMS snjOMas shown what itThe Southern secession movement tuts have to be exerted to deprive the Cotton States " by styles, correctly enough,Confederacy.a people that deny the binding forcereinforcentents toor the movementHisthusThey are without money, and without credit are inefficient andthat theand cessful. accept luxuries, to buy powder and ball, and to fillartment .^ ^^^ wAthis Government and the participated largely in the same way, nor that streets. In a room occupied by.beggary. Destroy skirt foctory foundryAbout % o'clock this morning a tre broke out In ths china, glass and crockery store of Booth, Paox * and wealth. Dissolution and disorder Territorial Debt of $2,000,000 had been re- Basiow, Nos. 7 and 9 Wall-street The boUdlng aalpowerIf the journals of the South would act boldly even rtdtigate the revolting features presented are to result in railroads, manttfactories, naval pudiated to the scandal of United States contents were entirely destroyed. Loss, $$0,000; ofand on this promptlysuggestion,they wouldbyhis official career in itspresent aspectourand military armaments on a vast scale, popu-credit abroad.Our own information, or the fair inferencewhich $40,000 is Insured. Wdjiot's stove store was;also burned. Loss, $0,000 insureddo more to avert the dangers of disunion, and honor as a nation demands that we should use lation, wealth andjpower not one of which ;$1,000.rounding buildings were alio someiriut damaged,telligence from those points. Our correspond- the North. But there is no reason to hope harbored a Cabinet officer so utterly devoid of to commer- commodations referred to, had converted the encefromHavaiiaistothe22dinst. Themostin- erty,giveneveryencouragementteresting news is in reference to the Slave-trade, that they will do so. It has been the policy of principle. For these reasons, and for the rea- cial and manufacturing enterprise, and to in- United States Stock held for the Indian which is evidently now carried on to a greater ex- the conspirators against the Union to muzzle son that we believe Mr. Flotd to have leagued dustry and ingenuity its greatest scope, re- Trust or else, part of the large sums in limit-LaiseftheBritlak8UpBmperar. Bosnia, Sunday, Dec 10.The British sMp Emperor, ot London, Howuitb, from St Johni for Penarth Roads, with a cargo ofsurgery in the forum of argtmient or rea- that the money was drawn from the Treasury, stood out to se* on account of surf on the beach the and was offpastareI'cbdt al- the demolition of a giant one hundred feet cluded by the previons Administration, (the a total loMison. In such theychildren,with whom on account of certain Indian treaties, con- The Captain stayed by ship, |takeahigh is an easy and pleasant pastime. They principal one withmeasure the extent of their faculties by 1864,) by which it was stipulated that the pro-BosToa, Sunday, Dee. 10.wasthem from such experience;norisitbestper- ofthemoneythe hard year of 1867,day, to theamountof$10,000.therefore,in the world can now save were mistaken as' to the source of supply panU $2,000.of differenceand the first term of Mr. which prevailed betweien our ideas and theirs. 000 of State Stocks,terms, theJudge Babnabd, the youngest Judge oftheSlavery,The transactions in Flour and Wheal were less legislate so as to affect the institution, except for the omconstitutional and of no effect. Why grown selection ofthe Some oijhie Arkansas papers circulate a nuncCottonactiveform of low, of Slaverf."fermiltinfadespiseall reasonable precedentcounsel,naUng AboUUon .-he, (Baiut) in the ohtusauaf of hi« iiioitl otStdoctrines had beenhungneu Osea>lYe d9 not lnf<;r £r9n tUs t^M the Sftttb «apreme Court, should be given $6,000year, while ail bia elder associates on the Bench canUntitledDocumentthedegreeIt is, therefore, " now Professed Union-savers were aa much aston- for several months going on,as ourselves at this, to them, new rote The Secretary liad not coimted the Bonds intheynew unboundedimpudencefaithlessness, arrogance, and the Trust Bureau, nor ^caused his officials, of assumption. It was other than Mr. Goddabd Bailst, to verily theto runto $8,502,000, andsome or minor year. unhnportantValae.yet«;aBwegn*1t%f-a>laiiina-ef1Less decreAe la Maryland Iiirarease.of blow stnu^ that the Federal aathorities still hold possession of the Federal forts, and all its other labors for the overttuowof the Union, are beginning to take effectofcoming secession^its ofencouragement everyton.reply was,dangerofthe depreciation of the pub-Chailes- first eSeet wonld betosecurethetakingoftheloanatalow rateofinterest Thegreatthinglackingnow is confidence in the intentions ofthe Adminis-and withoutcion is universal that it is acting treucheroutlf,2,029,000 The plan developed was to take possession ,ofthe United State> Arsenal at St. also Louis, and.andproperty to Kansas. The Committee reponed thattion. No changes had been made in the State Capt Hoktoouxt, and that $10,000 had been depos-of Jefferson Barracks,remove -vStt Vb»„,., . ^,,_„ .„,,^„ _-.,„>, sent ftom Chicago to assist In the enterprise. MaayBxaas'but the vigor';— saspi-gj„„_ disclosing great amiUarttrJ. J. Detslo? as aThe sur- www.fultonhistory.com 