 ^t^stoa^anm&afthe&iearnatlon, at his «t U9*i>^>»k*rttmt K«w-l^«[k,residonoe, No.the City Hotel vras also (,cola niinr^—^ofthemilitarydepartmentofthe thiscity,whohasgiventhe-'.everytliing wentMacomb, has gone up to Paraguay to pay PresidentLopez an official visit The French mall packet. LaGuyenne, which sails to-day, takes home a largenumber of and the steam passengers, English packetcompany are already beginning to feel tke effects ofof all who heard him, towards the people of the h'ee States, and prepare them for the part some of them acted during the afternoon of the I.'.1systemture with Capt. Unas. Floyd insists on his ship is In direct opposition to the well-established cus-'constantly revealing itself;pur- Governor, to purchase arms for the State. Political to Inspect the American works on the Don Pedro heie, in the Conner, originated tlie article which this City.1'City, having marched 1,600 miles.^:-: -"od"-^* to timaA organ for proposaUi, he will'aiilniiiwillong-that this is an solution of the unsatisfactoryOur Cir- fairly commenced uiwn a largeiSonUieTn «. I Female College.'which it de- TROCHES BROWN'SDR. O. F. BIOELOW, /iesfoA.Beneficial in BaoKOBiris."DR. J. F. W. LANE.» AND8Bi TOVKCBsCSl r.',^r^£viaa ~SNhiM.. Mew'Teefc.Brown>a CurtCough.CiM.Boentmu- tationor tlu Back mrtnett^f lUnrist, ItsSSMMfa,,„., BUnlaterBbu, and-BmBR. Thed, ihaaCaadaav-IteBaqoMtFrom ^^ Our Own OorT«^«,Bd.nt.lmtim Mf^-^v;-^:itJOiHureToir. '6 *OMMd« or the IweoaU atsnppoit i»BnaaiiuUna wiBaiM go ont oC Um ITithe roof — —iaatMktlMtlc at /Aimti /ACS-ii.,»*r^ta4Iflfc,e^y ^aaa tf laythak^rts of the city.makeI— -iaa^^lESSSr:-.-ud FayMtovffle,ff.C,theAnenalatthat totders?What istobelamentedthatthewholeinjurydoesnot fall on the vile demogogues, who invented thecent,-<(and kow he liket.hare left in or- falsehoods, for their own selfish ends. But a com- which Messrs. Maxwxu, Wusht « Co., are at the down on to the roof of the mainSttlftaByCkivenimeiit employesder to vote to-morrow, that the pubUc business isbuilding, $1,200.q^ rnirwi left Washingtonthis afternoon forThe Houses of Deputies and the Senate havingBROWN'S fering from Cold."m>ssl*S9 THE Bvn'Kiatwaiai:NaW-Toik, mib. AMBMMK W. Thoxfson.Seentaty FiaOTS baa not yet selected a succes- sor to Capt. BmsAll on the Washington Aqueduct.REV. S. J. P. ANDERSON. St. Loma. EmcTUAL In removing Hoarseness androute for Bogota. Before Iea^•ing Be laeaind special instructions relatire to the -Chirifni contract, and had a long interview withto close, and the honorables areThe ratifications of the Cass-Herran were scene of action. They have succeeded in doing noth- To the Editor the Cincinnati Gazette.TROCHESBROWN'S Irritation of the Throat, so common with D.C.ll(»«I!«A»,llw».,lfo.l»l-—the whole work, and baridc lately biq>ected the several Beaerroirs ex-prudent^ of my interruption.past effect, I think Uwy will be of permanent advantage to me."' CoLDs BiTBBTsupervisesused,and one of the causesof tke Cttixeiui.a«a ,*» J*TM'", Tuesday, Sept. »,l8«k-^to the V•w-Toik Tlm««. WisantsTor, Monday, Not. 5.andon wasProspect-street, werp MownPliiilrt Di*pateh'it is now wen aacertabted that Federal theand thepeoplely an American buUd, had beenfallen in with off Per-thebuildingpreserved, probably t)ftheweightofW, J, r..,»,«..,. tULSV fc*^^the samewith his duties which caused theDressingbeea ekoaedmeddlingright to give out all the contracts to his friends, and filla every petty office and employment with hia frvflrites, withont regard to the opinion or feel-byJames^Wotberspoonk Sea. n>ralz IBIe^at the Superintendent. The two overseersvolume of water and driftwood borne down by thewhich a ** smallingawhowaremoastraBce of Meigs, to thesteam- Edward Robinson. Plasterer, N0.8S West4ad-st. engine candowhichmaynotbedonebyEricsson's RobertTaylor,Plaster.No.148WestS(th4t.destruction of life and limh.employed by Floyd, against superintendthe re-Kut 1 must leave incidents, and hasten to a close.Alex. McEenzie, No. 336 4tlbsl..solitary Hibernian whom Ueios appointed to lake care of the UmAm and machinery wlule the work was sus- pended, have been paid their salaries of seventeenof the Gulf Squadron arc- destined to be beside each other for a few weeks at Brooklyn.pleted bridge might be destroyed, and thus cause con- siderable interruption to the movement of trains upon the road.(juented part of the hotel, away from light, or any-W. V. R. Arnold, Bailding Materiak, toot o( I East River.Liuus .'^cddder. Mason, No. 23 Perry-st.Thomas Gardener & Son. Builders, No. 10 Esat Ior eighteen hundred dollars eachItavid McMaster, Browu Stone, foot West 32d-st ,M_. 'James McMasttr Blue Stooe, No. 447 West asth-st, Bi rtt S. 1 »fc'gc, Bu)ld<T, No. 185 West 27th-at. John I'ettitirew, Contractor. No. 240 fith-av.Moore & i^iuman, Budders, No. ISO West 3tth-st. B. i. Smith & Co.. Blue Stone. No. I3> Uth-av. I.aforgp k Felter. Builders, No. IT Oharles-et.while certain contractors have been paid some seven or eight thousand dollars, which Capt. Mkigs protested"attempt the crossing oi the bridge imtil this morning. greatly in error in his reference to my fears, my Lib, Mass., Oct. 24.—A boiler of Flatnsr A Smith'sS.refusal which cost him his place.But the immediate cause of Capt. Behham's re-signation grows out of the Neilson claim of $300,-000—injury whatever, and, with the exception already stated, no derangement to the business of the road will occur from the freshetagencies were concerned, under the guidance of aJ. L. Browne, Granite Cutter, Hudson a Edward Gi idley. Builder, Ko. 75 8th-av. P.A.Lelim:in.RealKstate.No.160East3M-at. Amos n oodruD, Builder. No. 61 West 4ttb-st. John n. Corlies, Builder. D4tli-st.mys- and I predict, that when the truth comes to light, it will bo found that Mr. Flotd has required BiaHAM to submit to in the man-Capt.made an uiureasonable anplication toof the Seventh Infantry, commanding at Fort Bu- chiinan, to redress several alleged grievances under wbich they were suifering, but the officer of course could not interfere on his own respon^bilty.Lieut.-Col. P. MoaaisoN, with Companies C and H, Seventh Infantry, arrived at Fort Buchanan, 144 daysbres, 200 miles east of Fort Buchanan, and the re-mainder of the attached to the Naval and Ohio Canal, one of whose officers is understood todition in New-Mexico. The officers were, besides 3 is entirely washed away, and further serious In- set themselves free, and if they (the negroes of Vir-AseamanwhosehomeIsInNew-Twkdgaatery ;to theGeorge'sanddcH-kct, iipon which there are,WATER.The Caloric Engine requires no water.hia residence " while taconditions,agement of the matter, at which his honor and self- reepect revolt. It would be idle to speculate upon what Ibeae conditions or concessions may be, and I tliMefore dismiss the subject, after reminding the nudertfaat in the parallel case of DeGkoot, Bec- teiaiT Plotd awarded the claimant four times as much aa Mr. Cobb, with all the facts and circum- ataocea before him, decided to be due to him andWe have lieen unable to gather further details of damage by the freshet, which, on account of its stead- iness, may have occasioned much loss to private prop- erty along some of the streams. On the western slope of the mountain there was also much rain, but it ooes not seem to have been attended with any veryThiB fact will become one of vast importanee to tiie users of power in this City the moment that the resort to the Water Meter —which will shortly tiecome imperatively necessary— rection. He was examined last night, and the proof eoabtea tbe Croton Board to levy a tax on consumersth-eeothtrt.I have omitted to mention a fact in connectionwith tlie diaunion plot, in which the Treasury of- ficiala are implicated, that the head of that Depart- ment, as I am informed, is anxious to ascertain on what terms thewere in earnest, the North would send them help that there were 500 men in this coimty who wouldOroTor & Baker>a CelobraW4l NOIBELSas SKWINa 1LACHINX&«D^ltaoand advertise in the thank me forplace Baptist Church was blown over, with a crashIenssi,aiveiated by theUnited States arms whichhavebusiness at Camp and nezUnall will Floyd,bring theDuring yesterdaymuch, and no further damage at any point seems to be apprehended. Wehavenotheardofanylivesbeing lost, or any personal injuries sustained.FALL OF A CHURCH STEEPLE IN NEW- HAVEN.From the Neio-Haven Journal, Sov. S.help tbem,nothing against them, and that in a short time they could ul be tree." Straws show how the wind blows, so I think this language, when used in the heart of Virginia, tells the tale. I wish you would hurry up Andrrson A Co., Inthelr armory arrangements. We want some good shooting irons.oU ease*, veto tormOfafiyc.erms, aadforncsMeaHarnsyir~aei aaANiir-ToaK. K«T. «. Ml WABBDie BIAOHIMB.AND INDISPKNSABZJC nna oaiv o» »e"'*»*-/,.«.i.^Mp«t Ne. 41» BnMdway, 'f^SrU'J.*S•S"m•^ Agtmto wanted in allpa?b j'tj* i'""^been placed under the of the custodytroopsnrXQUALIDIGeorgia authorities, can be remodeled and transformed intoof winu ac- companied by rain, came upon us from the Northeast, and rage-! with great fury for several hours. -M about;IktoDOtke.Hlaoellaatwrote you Mr. Lacket, of whom Iwhich was heard half a mile or more to theleeward,Hagle Eye-Water.Oovemor of the State ef Dahnraaa te the lopertntendDKLAWAUnmXBIXa Ewm Clmn ll».§», Nov. 6. IMS.•6S, IJ, S3, 4S, It, 31, 71, U, Jl, 22, S9. 61, 9. eUaa 1ft. tas, Nov. S, 1S80.TS, 60, JO, 32, 1, 33, SO, II, 10, 34. 74, 55, 37.Wttaeaa oar hands, at WUalngtMi. DeL. Nor. s, Meo. OEOSeB Ci eORDON,JOSEPH SEAL, JAMES DUNCAN.^L^." •^"^^""y«°°and a few horses.ef theMm tollnalag ifillm nialmi Ifilpii llili iltjplace.of to Mr. the grist-mill beloagiagof sinister inter-Cumberland was a formerlyfrigate, but is now ato them.;That vessel had been orderedwell-meaning correspondent0," Is ly injuringpersons.".r^'*-';-'*-**rNew>OrmB>da— BmBCKIBSISOB.' *'"''rup-an ae- of a imall portable steam engine, recently put up, caustog the in-stant death of three the mutilation and persons,W WimuBd B. Sawyer, Stone-cutter. No..Tohn M. Dodd, Bailder, No. 1S6the amount of the lastthe Water-works—a claim based on the assump-tion, diat they, as the owners of the land and Mr. CiiT.water privileges about the Great Falls, have been The armament of the Brooklyn navy at pres-^justappropriation forE. G. Otis. No. .tj7 Broadway.Tbomss Wilson. JMiilder. No. 110 West 19th-St. Samuel A. Wariit.T. Architect, Broadway and]'Imve ao often qxAen, has published a letter On their march met the women and in the place. theyACTPSraWe ;s-,^«or^s?j'^-^5*^'Who stands ready to resist the election of Lm- -COUl. In reference to the miserable dodge which the Sttr attempts, he states that Philip Clatton, the Assistant-Secretary of the was notattack.like pipe-stems, and broke the wood-work lighterBseath, wUl bethepersonalludedtobyhimastherevealerofthe rladelphlaYardwasrecentlyInspectedwithsaUs- unighttrunkstandsamidtheruinsassmoothasIf tanMdl.eeroamfpaliuthi*oUnn.i.tBeodlEdbyaHdFriaegsg,Miananldi tnmmedbyliand. AsidefromcrushingtwolengthsMr00000 booooooooooooooooooqtjpqo O- diaimioD plot. Withont saying whoithefajiory results.A temporary aid isthe Greenage, excqit to the church Itself. The tower of theO B8TAB1.I8HKD 1839. o 8. T. surris^andare sleepless lestlesa, aadwhoseeyes'.. Ipavea the in&rence that it could be no other thanT^'ttrSeUekot-of the neaanrjr, a pioua Baptist gen-Bateholai*a Hair Vfrn Wlao nad Tonveae.— This oeMnated aUbUahasBila caauved to No. UBond-"- O>ni>ken.wlth death these in tbemi stailBgfit anlalde manners and the boaom friendM^^ ^^Sfrr ."^boattweBtyfiBat,toa level with the roof only. Itlieefwhere Uwas aretbe only pU« andmade.havereston toOoBB. lUa*'<rW8ahiii|»S(i by i^ie Secretary, and, at'"^^7'°'""'of this frame that the breakwas at the bass occurred,front waU thrown ont by the spire, which tlie beingnoperlygegtlaman,I waa believe,"'=''"''''' ""temporary help. The highest tesU-this.wmtitoatoiwUlbe received andlocnesreceipt•ncrB,WIU,was,this was all the dam- were carried down into the tower•ssssagnsfa/msiBz-Oov. Wiu% geBtnMtfiom tbat Statefrves'In allA frame of a house being erected for SAavaL H.^ Boir*rao*HkR'g !« UMi, mmInorderto '"''"»*•»'*>» g»e«*the disunion threats have — injuredltflj|ii"ej|i^T |f_ .. ,^,ami Irrf-,^It ia now definitely ascertained, an «• •*; Considerable iniietyfrightenpropriety, theyTheyhappy; Longdlstressiag labor of breathing pecnllar Ch Astbha."REV. A. C. ROOLBSTON. Certain no Opium or asythina InJorf-munity whichthat will be done until the re- conllagratioDS were the of thesuch storiesilllwJIl aoapended in this City, and so great is the turns out, aa I predicted last Summer, that the shipped in very large quantities, particularly for Eu-ncAhing golt of flw dection Is known.consequencedrouth, which rendered theh light fiame buUdingapeculiarly inflammable. OeSEBrnt.Dispateh to the Asaoolatad Fraaa. WAimHSToa, Monday, Nov. 6.reaasoak^BLlatatlbr Dener -^'-suffersdicted for so long a time, deaerves to suffer. Ithead. The coffee croo is coming in very aboadantly,gress.Minister Jonas left herepainedNaples,...benefit when taken before and af-to-day. Bogota in the steamer on the 12th.I it has been verbally stated here that I met with trou-'*double-deckedcorvette." Herappointmentasthreatened with sent to a a few- being plantationmiles out, ornamented with ball and chain, to work in place of a slave that had escaped to Ohio, till our [leople would return him, seemea..to enrage my perse-rut*)rs. The scene of excitement my would slaveryJohn Gl . Taylor,KlWestaistat.flag-tom, in obedience to which Commodores and Admirals have recently been placed on steamers by almost eve-In the TtUEB of Oct. 17 is atothatextentbythediversionofthewater entisasfollows:serviceable,oneII-inchgun;sixtliru.Mr. Haeorove and others, who were most active inployes,whohasoccasiontousepower,restsatisfiedtillpractical operationlane. Jaochonb1C..CBovuicjrveerrt.Buuiillddeerr,,No.16330McDongaH-at.injuredof the Potomac into thehimself with the(^reenwich-st.Aqueduct,adjudicated before the Montgomery County (Md.)Ericsson's.CaloricOct. 31.—The boiler on the steamer If. R. W. Hill, bsund' a or two and the sum ofFeter J. Bogert. Builder, No. 133 McOoagall-ft. Wm.U.Baker.CoaLNo.f10Eastlitb-st.She comes here to take on board an arma-required for the use of the workmen in putting up thecau.'-e, which rose before my mental vision, was soludicrousas to render it difficult to conceal my mirth.It was almost as amusing as the Montgomery Adver- Now, there is tiatr'.-'descriptionofmynoseandwhiskers..to go uncontra-aA house belonging to Mr. Silas Caaax, near Carrl"dJlmis feh steamerat the non-arrival «ftng Cough in canturmtiom, AvmeliilUwAMtk-thority of letters from responsible dtaa to HorfBoiltkt,ednearly 70 SemmaU,^SItylights'. balo.*trade8 Ac.,PUBLICSFKtAoithKeKvBoSicAeNof*iDfOKBg.Few are aware of the infertanee af ebeeUng a CeOghCWaaDlaWaSsTrXJS?JLT Ware, Iron Btone Wata. WbSTaSiaawellaaonthatof raeeirtlyloumeil anxietyhasbeenmneb gentlemenknockedover.sing from a similardamagewasdone.fromthatState,thatallthestoriesofinsurrections reachedusfromtbeRJverLa tothe Plate,wonldvleld tea stage soon attacks tbe Longs.;^ttaothat they were invented for politi- of the Au- cal effect, to benefit the disunion candidates. Agone. frigate Elm City left New-York at her usual tinie>lbere beingand at the re-Northern men from their<>i*<li|,W«ii> oidend yeataidaj to take immedi- deterring people from emigrating to the State. Itthe flour dealersamong havingQeorgia;BROWN'S HoAaSSBBSS."RCV. HENRY WARD BEECHEIkhypothesisagated in Philadelphia on the departure of theN. P. WILMS. recommend their ase to PtrsLie SesAx-RET.E. H. CHAFIN.are utterly false. There is notlargestatoit varlal^H OASnrrmioHiopinion of the engineering.-f^lea. Hautxr has received orders assigning him steamer of to-day, with a letter written by the Em- aware of, as I afterwards those RomeIfiuuiiia.atiiithParis,by TROCHES At Columbus no one offered me any insult that I amtoWest, wiUi his head-quarters at St. Louis.necessarysupplies consist principally of lumber, copper, nailsand oils, to an estimated amount of upwards ofthat portion of his letter which stated " that he had my arrival. At NashvUle, Clarksville, McMinnvUle,byKING A MURRAY,From Oar Own Oorxsi^oadsnt. WuBiHOToa, Friday, Nov. 2, 1860.$100,000.^^^^^^ Arms fer-TlrginlaRioBHoas, Va., Monday, Nov. 5.and sister of His Don Majestynamental, apply aa York.above,or at No. 3MOr- Fearl-st., New-VAIJ.AN»t aai new yrevand to aAr OM extensive stookaef leady-aadeOar fMoid, Secretary Flotd, has been un-;- inonUe yitlwnen the army, was selected byThe Bank of Canada. UpperChina. The Bainbridge also sailed a few days since all on whomBxADFORB—Blobsoh.—In Buffalo, on Thursday, Nov. lit. In every liislsaiis ohaa tacttaB aea- fwrtWMKOl Datib, to superintend the Aqueduct, -the Clfitcd Extension, and other public worksThe Globe,"the polttteal stage, waa the signal for the conver-from No. 157impressedPayers oi preserving the ponUBalbi' present in the Boardot BnyarvlaaB nestiy recommend yen te veto Iki flnenoe in behalf of WILUAK B. firm of Stewart ft Snilb. IliilldMa'o{ tlisof thehis Austin, Texas, agency,) indulging freelynever occurredfuneral,HWauiM II 'rioBofOieai^ropriationsititiaeflddicLobby" upongreat patronby any and work- ing themselves up into an earnest desire to take themadeworks into a fund, to be used in re-lives of some memt>ers of theabout to wrest from them the power so long held and so basely abused. Under these circumstan-The nature of aome of these rascally jobs and contracts I haveabaac^ exposed, in former letters .;man, giving California,peculiarces, one of the leading merchants on whom 1 calledNorthwest Refoimed Dutch Chnrch, in West on Wednesday morning, Nov. 7. at 10 o'clock.33d-st„wanGafthe Secretary's friends.was shot dead last while robbing a dwelling house. Numerous burglariesand I showed -fnm the official correspondence, that the per-bavc recently greatly excited our citizens.Post-once Robbery. HoLUSAT's, Pa., Monday,PoLVAn.—In this City, on Sunday, Nov. 4, of scarletviews, Ac, not thinking that he was fever. JoUA Lahsin Polhah, aged 7 years, 3 months whose interests he haseo-xealeesly hrefusalofUnastobemadetheinstru-attend thefoneral, from the residence of her parents, No.Nov.S. narysteadinessandvolume. Allthestreamsforming control or subdue. Passing over incidents 107EastUth-st.,onTuesday.Nov.6,at8o'clockA.M. proprietythatMr.»TKWABTshall1.eiBpterfMotoftheSecretaryin misappropriatingthepub-John A. HcCoi(NXLL, Assistant Postmaster at Newry, Blair County, has been arrested on the charge of robbing the malls. _The Arabia oflT Cape Race.3Ist ult. Liverpool,Bfaval and Militarr Intelli^nce.the source of the Potomac, as well as those emptyinginto it, near tills place and Piedmont, rose to a greatheight on Saturday.which, though of much Interest as showing the pro- gress of mobs, the managementof vigilance commit- tees, &c., kc, would occupy too much space, we ar- rive at the searching of my trunk by members of theCovai.—In this City, on Sunday, Nov. 4, Joaa C. CovBL. M. D., in the 6ath year of his age.His friends, and those of his family, are respectfoUy invited to attend his funeral, from the Oreen-street M. E. Charch. on Wednesday, 7th inst., at 1 o'clock P.M.other member of tbe Board.We are confident that the seleetlen of^. lie MiMrt was the cause of his dismissal from the aopeiktaadency, and the substitution of Capt. Bin--BAKiB-UB place."BU an irrepressble conflict" is iuevitable be-.Beetetaryany disbursingofficervarious at the waysexpensefever, OxoROX Ehningir, son of the lateFlotdandBostonabranch of that river, which ujUtes with thestream some twelve miles east of this place, seems to have swollen more rapidly and to a greaterthan the other fork. Great quantities of driftwood, including fences, etc., were floated down all night on'' Iwouli.nnderJriBl,who dazes to interpose betweenthepidilieedb and his iaiAful friends, and Capt. Bin- is hknaelf in the same predicament from Unas waa. relieved by the high-handed actv«f tit NBioval. I leam &om an unquestionable aomeetliat theresignationofCapt.Bikhaiihasperiod toalmostand on to passHth-et;.by (tongressforparty they believed71Q.while in BrazlL" I am told thatChattanooga, Knoxvllle, Monistown, and other places in Tennessee, 1 was treated with all the respect and kindness that any Democratic business man could even desire.I arrived at Rome, Ga., Saturday evening, attendedchurch and Sabbath school thestations,A colored FicKiRiHa, late ofthe name of Jakes F.Mr STEWART has ooeofisd thevor tor the last three years, being Rrsrfl ini hit rirninst in uld pnslMim to oonunend him to the faltlmU consldehas been awarded to H. N. of GivrBar,in reference to the affairs of halfabotft Washington, with reference to his eminent tlie Bank of Upper Canada, says, authoritatively, that Stxshiian, will also sail for Norfolk in about a month. this country. At night I went to hear aftnosa for the poaition. During the continuancean arrangement has been made by which the other principal banks of the Province stand ready to assist and defend the Bank of Upper Canada whenever nec- essary.Esq., by Rev. Z. N. Hnrnphrey, Mr. Hooa A. Waiii to Miss Catuarini M. Sahps, all of that city.DIED.Bloopoood.—In this City, on the evening of Sunday,of Kr. Datis in the Cabinet4in awimmingly. He had no dental Mends to re- jsvaid.withcontractsfor the performanceofwork -ofwfciehtheybadnomoreknowledgethanthemanin the noon;and he seems to Iiave considered theThe finishing mill of the Parsons Paper Compa- ny at Holyoke, was nearly all burned to-day. Lossif desired.This Breckinridge rally called toMontgomeryanHer relatives and friends are respectfully Invited toattend her futeral, from her late No. US residence.Thompson-8t.,onTne8day,the6thInst., at 1 o'clock P.M. KlTTXLHAlT.—In this City, on Monday, Nov. S, PXTiaKsTTXLMAW, In the asd year of his agClThe friends of the family, and the members of the Bed-of Kxios toeqatraleat to placing the whole direction under Illsthe competition.Yours truly,THE MAJOR.Yancst, regard tothe work as.kao's. Bat the retirement of Mr. Datis, and the Hartford and New-Haven. Tlie.^tpointKientsuperintendto-day,years'speechHer orders have gone down to the River La Plate, Senator Tooass, which was full of treason, and ad-where she is at present stationed. The Pulatici, Capt mirably calculated to arouse the most violent feelingsFire atSprlDgfield. SrECiarnu), Mass., Nov. S.W., wife of Freeman Bloodgood, in the(60,000, one half of which is insured at manufacturingwas unharmed.A Colored Burglar Shot. NawBusTToai, Vt., Monday, Nov. 5,THSt. steamship Arajna,dog, cut me up with knives, and amuse themselves inJames Fine. —EHKrHQRB. At Salem, 111., on Saturday, Nov. 3, ofThevia Halifax, passedat 8 o'clock this evening.fromRace en route forThe south principalJohn C. Brant, BoiIder.No.Jt7 WestJomrs, N. F., Monday, Nov. S.Capehold of this EhnlBger,The U. 8.to arrive here every day from Portsmouth, N. H. SheDuringall this time theapparent danger which tlireatened my life seemed like a dream to me, though I saw eridence in the very looks and all the actions of those who sought to me that it must be realBpa^aratoga County, N. Y. j^'BallstonandLItteFall82N.Y.,paperspleasecopv. Eirnrisu.—At Manchester, England, on Taeaday. Oct.Cumberland isis to be the new flag-ship of the Home Squadron. Thesloop-of-warexpectedand It is feared that considerable damage be done in Hampshire and Hardy Counties, Vlr-—^^^^TM^———— » —^^—Alexander Shaler, Bts.Stone, corasr Bipd|;lSpringfield, millTHE LATE 8TOR0I.Great Freaket in the Allefhaay MonptaiDs-Charch Steeple Blown Over In New-Haven— onDunafie Liong Ialand> &c«From the Baltimore AmericaTi, Nov. 5. CaifBXKLAaD, Md., Sunday, Nov. 4.During Friday and Friday night the AUeghanies, particularly on their eastern slopes, in Western Mary- land and Virginia, were visited by rains of extraordi-andE bu. Coonty,nightry power.ment of twenty-four guns, which has t)ecn especiallyprepared for her. The razee Savannah, which leftVera Cruz on the 18th inst., will also be at the Navy feared that a part of the superstructure of the uncom-Yard in a few so that the old and newdays, flag-shipsWestXlst-st Thomas C. Smith, BnlIder,No. 1? East KO^t.This claim was 10 Inches, (old pattern;) twenty 10, (old pattern;)seventy-four 9 inches, (new pattern ;) sixty-two 8, 63 cwt. ; thirty-eight 8, 55 cwt. ; one 61-poander, 107advised me all means to byDealer.313 Benrr-at.Courtyear ago, $150,000 cwt.twohundredandthree32-pounders,57cwt. ;mylifewouldprobablybetheforfeitureifIhadthe werekilledand orfiftyscalded.waaawardedtotheclaimants;butneitherpartywas twelve32's,51cwt.. . satisfied with the and mutual ninety-fortyNzw-Havih, Nov. 2.—The boiler o< the factory of DanE S. 30 Vanghan, Asj^altum, No.decision, by agree- nine 32's, 33 cwt.G. W.Ford.John D. OtUwell, Roofer. No. IS* Sd-^T. Edward Wood, No. 33 PIne-st.Peter Shand. Mason, No. 169 Westllth^t.'|eleven 32's, 27 cwt.good. Unserviceable, (old models,) thirty-two 42- tiie awud of tiie Court was set aside. The parties pounders, larger guns ; eight 42's, razeed to 8-inch ; ' new ctape forward and demand of the Government eighty 42's, (casinades ;) ten 8 32's, 60 cwt ten 32's,ex- of tbe bailding, and bad- one hour ; left the carriage, and walked, (two by one ly injuring several persons. One boy named John Kane route, and two by another, to avoid notice,) to the had bis skull fatally fractured. Two others were badlyBailder,;themodeatsomofhalfamillion,andMr.Flotd caronadcsjsix24's,do.;total, 591;carriages,ment between the Government and the claimants,-direeta that a new adjudication lie had before the ^3oiiit8,aad that Capt. Bikham, as the representa- tive of the Government, shall employ counsel, anddeputation of citizens from Sonora, in Mexico, had;We have Interesting and important army news from rebut the claim. It is said that this officer, con- the West the late mails. The soldiers inmonths." His Bhip, if he lives on board of her aal Aascious of his unfamiliaricy with the case, and fear-ful that he may be overreached and disgraced bymismanaging the business, on the part of Govern-ment, recoils from the duty, and resigns. I confess the whiles are more to bl;ime than the red skins. Apossible,Ac,S. STRAIGHT.12's, shot gunsgetherguns and caronades.arrivedJromaea; providedhehasbeen;;;pear uponthe vicinity of this place and Piedmont. The WillisCreek,emptying into the Potomac at Cumberland, and George's Creek, at Piedmont both seem to have risen to an unprecedented height, attended with se- rious damage to the lateral railroads which bring coal from the mines to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad andtheChesapeakeandOhioCanal. Oneoftheen-of tlie Mount Savage Railroad is reported to fl;lanves fallen through a bridge, on its way to this city, the foundations having been impaired by the waters. It Is thought that but little coal can be brought to Cuint)erlandforseveral AtPiedmont,thedam-;slity-four 32's, 42c«rt.;A. 6. Mo. 106 Bank-st. Bogert, Builder,;of this freshet alto- to have fallen the coal mining Interests infour 18's, (grenades;) twoThe most seriousOne checked trunk, and another purchased mytone 6waitedsupposedfour 9's840 guns. On board yorth Carolina about 50by every department were busily employed protecting citizens and Government property from hostile Indians. Some officers say, however, that in half the " squabbles "chant that was,if less excusable than thesent residence.If bis home and|whilst on land has dwelling bee*total, 255 bad—consequencesap-to be buried under the ruins. The cause of the explosion is unknown. Tbe canal and railroad trackINSURANCE.In consequence of the entire safety of the Caloric En-gine, the erection of one in any building does not sffect the rate of insurance. A steam-engine raises the rate from two per cent, to a figure that amounts to an atiso-are Bascomb,andCapt.Hayman. Col.MoRii3o:fwas stationsthereCol.Morrison, Lieuts. Evans, Stivens, Ingraham, andjuriesapprehend^ ,beingtelegraphtheyabsent from the Fort recoimoitring the country, look- ing for a suitable locality for a post la case he aban- donsFortBuchanan.The court-martial of Col. Hows had concluded itsthe waters abated very generallyand that of the remainder would do manyDepartment the report of Its decision. Thefrom Northern California had all arrived at Camp Floyd. The officers were Lieuts. Mobais, in com- mand, Goanon, company E, Saiidiss, company H,theauch wonderful tales. It is possible that some in-ventor or unprover of firearms may be able to arrived at camp on the 23d ult. They had with them 8 o'eloik, the tall and slender spire of the Wooster&r-8hooting instruments of which we heartae valiant Secretary on this pointabout twenty men, ifomen and children whom they had saved from the tomahawks of the Northern sava-Tbe nndenigned OsMMlwJAPANESEand Surgeon Moou, on the.24th ofSeptember,andBEST INUSE FOBNo. ua FnltOB-st- Brooklyn.Addren Boxsa»»MBi<n»««?-^fc_T«fc w N^ ^f^fg^SlLTEA.ges, ISO head of cattle,Lieut. Sax- and yet the gale was so strong that it was nut hearddrawingsDeiawaia ei«l»I>tUtry, de oertltr thatCapt.Hathan,days.Creek Road is reported to beait'laaa engaged IliiraiflaallMl-a"r^iCout from Salt LakeTwocompaniesoftheSeventhwereleftontheMlm- unusualdamageinanyquarter.:and(i. e. the negroes that;imprudence to stay longer. To this 1, of course, con- sented, and they took me from a private rear door into a carriage, proceeded by a circuitous route to theOe<tar St.£us, with a detachment of troops from a temporary in the rear lecture-room of the church to which thecamp on the Portneuf, had gone to the relief of an steeple belonged. The spire is about 235 or 240 feetg%d^«'i:i'v^.^f^iSV".^:^5i;^tsSi ^"i^rS?t4j?J>!Ws«J2^^S^-emigranthigh, and has long been the terror of the nelglit>or6, who feared.8ome such catastrophe. Fortunately, the wind was just In the right direction to send It clear offled at the crack of the and for they across the street, on to Wooster-square, com- articletrain which had been attacked near thatStatet tmi. Uniem, in which, without going into children almost In a perishing condition, having trav-particalani he snbatantiates the statements I have eled two days and a half without food, most of them the neighboring houses, and It fell in precisely the iode. He ehargea Mr. Hillteb, the Solicitor of without shoes, and no more clothing for day or night spot in which It could do the least injury. It fellDtpAt No. aa FlUt-sUHAIS. Laaies. ti7 It.dik ORCHARD ^Mi^unepVDVMB Pla^ndsAogNuesshould aotnuai expense, to proeurs DR. "~~~BITTERS, whose beneai . been clearly proved to those who have ben down in a short space c( Use by this drr--^ whosecheeksarewaaaadBMaaie,aadthan had on when ike Tieaaory, with being a rampant disunionist, theyBanr'aIndians' rifles from their fires at the of acamp place ing down with force which mashed the timbers, OCBLIMQ.ltananfor. The .St,e—rLAVO, wsBam(4 bv.,tr«.H0 8(i>«i)r*r>GlYBof tlus Kmi. www. «m**and dealersThe Jamrsiown, fitting eut for service at Phila- up into Innumerable splinters and fragments. AObonlart, oontalnlng achsBea tor theStatesuarsTuiirflB w«h _,lia-about Ibe eaHreywmeirse-ma, and Catarr*. Clear amfit ttrtngU—^'^ _which sailed Irom. P^|^ days since, for this port, whichwell-poisoningsthe slightest foundation for them,on the spot can only account for their origin on nambuco, enUrely abandoned. It is t» be hoped that a heavy tank of water it conalned.containing demnlcetit sndBrpnchlal Irritation. BROWN'S "Thattronble in aijrbave been plwad inAzaenal, at the apecisl request of a namber more base and infamous system of tactics was Business matters have been gohig on very larfMMU.jawaa» THBOVOBOVT ZBSJBBinaHj Na.«irtek-i«r,]LOTWr OAflB AOrJV« •MoflUspaaar.pooMidonCon^eta.then no 'unusual weather. When the storaa tiecame BRO'WN'STRObHESItroop*gute«3r pnsai&ent (enooa of4!>tli «f fitizoka ol Fayetterille, N. C, Brevet-Mlf/K Aa^aaoir'8 CompanT, (t>.,) of the Second have seriously damaged the Texans themselves, by way. however, of settling these matten *n Brasil for the East end ofnever invented. Fortunately they recoil upon Rio, another failuretheir inventors, and while they have failed to taken place—a Mr. CAaairra, whose liabilities reach"Have proved exti einsly servlcealil* forthe enormous sum of $1 ,000,000.THE STORM ON LONG ISLAND.The storm of Saturday evening was very severe ooTROCHES " Almost Instant relief In theI have just learned that hecreditors by promising to pay them tO perIsland, and its ravages were his very disastrous desaolishing houses, out-bulldlngs,fences,chimneys,treesrAc.BROWN'S TROCHES BROWN'S1may which the south branch flows. ginm, throughprotectMyextraordinary' composure, even whenERICSSON'S CAIiORIC ENGINE.Alex. MUse, President Stone Co.augmented by a report justgood many buildings, The fans of twogooddeal ofor " conmoncold" in its flnteflect that a burning steam-propeller, buUt of wood and ev Gent-O. F. off,beginning:andu>Iuh The business, however, is to be continued under a commission of hfs creditors, ofons."ConsBS, sc."refused athe wife of Count d'Aquiula, the Princess jAircAaiA_For eatalognes of every variety, both Fruit aadsovereignty. , . FLUSHING,L.I.Is about to turn to Brazil in the Brazilian jsorvette Donna Isabel,which has been placed at herdTsposition.and fallen was so great as to swell the Potoma-j for a briefheightIt is across the mouth of this river that the Batlmoreand Ohio Railroad is now one of its new erectiug andsubstantial iron bridges, to replace the large wroodea bridge at that point This work has madd considera- ble advancement towards completion, and the bed ofthe river was some of the orons occupied by temporarythe declarations of in- outsiders,honorwhatetaril reflect the highest credit upon the C"the rainsky became clear, but the quantity of water that hadDuringtheday, yesterday,ceased,thevigilance committee,termingled with the most horrid oaths, that they wouldgladly shoot tne down on the street as though a mad day, Nov. 1, Miss EuiABXTH M. FiNi, daughter of cure bis electton. Tntir ywHBMSaturday;16, EsVABS Enttislb, Sr., ia the T8th year of his age.heightunprecedented.of mytlie time when the memliers of this committee, num-new These offered some obstruction to the bridge.bystanders.freshetandatonetimeonSaturdayjiightit was"portable;Pinao,re-Oity. {brtanate again in finding a Superintendent of the Col. DiHKOCK, commandant of the State Armory, Flag-officer Sahsb is here in the Congrets. He has on the evening train. At this place much of the bitter _ CAxa—TrLiB.—In this City, on Monday evening, Nov. Biantchotared fraa the lateit _WaaUngton Aqueduct supple enoughfor hispoaes, Capt. Uxias, one of the most accom- excitement runs hlgli. ^liabad engineers, as well as one of the most hon-Second Railroad.The Dacotah sailed from here on the 14th Inst, forproved a leading instrumentality in bringing on theJ9~ Manchester, England, Malts, Medlteraneaa and CalifbrDia papers please copv.leaves for order of the just started on a visiting tour to Major Ellison ami disunion spirit was Washington to-night, by5, by Rev. Lot Jones, Wiluau R. Cars to Sosam and A., youngest daughter of the late WilUam Tyler, Esa., all ofmade in tbe mast taaty style aal Articles in this One iHil be ssU Itei establishment iatheOitr. TeaU school ontfits, ke., la every rarUtr. famishing dSpaalieut net eaoenedbadlysevere, she put mto a harbor and rode it out, MTlving safely at about 4 •'block on Sunday morning.have ahas comprooiised with —and theis now at 27d. sterling to the milrels, being the par value.trees was very considerable.nearly completed thefr labors for the season, are about The Way nterchanb. Traveling on Boai-countryThe Emperor is muchregard my cent experience In the South. To save space and re[> etltion, 1 refer your readers to my card in this morn-Teacher of Htuie.about affairs in particularly displeased with the manifesto issued by his brother-ijt-law, the Count d'Aqutlla, on his de- parture from Naples, which has given great offence to the whole Brazilian nation. Mr. Lissoa, the son of.r.^r preaching, as they prevent Hoar-eness.andFor the nervousBsatloimf tbe-Bowels, he, that attenddren, she reeoameods it as sareto piudase Wif^ effect—giving test to the msttisfdaily quittingtheneasi are Treated in the Sonth. of-^ ^Treaty exchanged to-day at the State Department. The Conmiissloner on the part of the United States will not, however, be appointed until the meeting of Con-He will return toA contract for a portion of the Navy Tard suppliesfor the year commencing Dec. I, for the Washington, the Brazilian Minister at Gosport, Cbarleetowa, Klttery, Brooklyn and Fensa-though, learned,bonds. These perortohisbrother-in-law,demandingaretractionof (Ga.)Couriermissileshadbeencopiedtlwrebefore TreeaandFPolrnsatleaing—not even passing the celebrated finance billwhich, according to Minister Fibxai, was about tohighest pinnacleCincinnati, Friday, Nov. 2, I860. An article in your paper of this morning, induces me to offer you the essential facts in to re-SriAUas and Smaias^"Prof. M. STACY JOHNSON,Jg- BOLD BT AH. BOOB1raise the to the of eminence.TROCHES BROWN'S TROCHES Great_ LaOrange, Ga.iLfB8.- •wnmiMwrn"'nsed4B season avaaiAoa TO eaaajwhich>;hIldrenacea0eoteddBrlacilDIARY OF STEAM BOILER EXPLOSION-S. New-Orleans. Oct. 23.—The boiler of Chemical Work? steam gunboat yarragameti is explained in a letter the i)eriod of alarm. The night express trains, how- me my deserts, the mob reluctantly and slowlv dis- exploded, demolishing portion of the wall, and serious-The canst- of the non-arrival at P.-mama of theNo interruption to the tonnage trains of the roa.i, (which are now unusually large) was sufleredmv innocence of "incendiary documents," withfrom the Pacific fleet.to Guayaquil, with the American Consul, Casbdxova. on board, whom the officers were to see installedtir's from Callao, a rumor stated, departure flyingI'he passengers coming east are stopping here, andNKw Mill Papergomery to protect me, and their censure of the Vigi- against paying and refused to pay. It was this peaceably in his office before they left. The Lancas- The bridge is reported to have escaped without any lance Committee. The troth is, so far as humanexploded, seriouslyprobably fatally Damagewas occasioned by the inabiUty of thatform hostile duty, owing to the damaged state of hermerciful Providence, myof the members of that Vigilance Committee, .and theAmachinery. correspondentpoint,proprietorsprofessions neer,since the date of the foregoing advertisement, occurred(whom we do not know personally) believes that the Wtjotnitzff and an- other man-of-war would be placed at the disposal ofship toper-ever, as a measure of prudence, were not allowed to persed.twoto property, J6,000.Lowell, Mass., Oct. 24.—The boiler for heating SuffolkMill exploded, killing Walter W. Briggs, assistant-engi-those going west at Hancock.Some fiftybetween SirandIt will be observed that the atiove explosions,stantial masonry work has been put In, which has safely wltlistooo the violent action of the waters in their present extraordinary rising.seated me where least likely to attract atten-scalded—another badly injured. A boy named Rice isA^aaaujManu8AII.OBS' RieBTB.A seaman may vote in the election Dlabrtet la 1he Is residing on election day, Ac tbeiigik •*ageprobably greater,coal trade concentrating at that iioljit.prc.-idiiig,hasjustand a liketo theover five hun- dred cases. The Grand Jury is now in session, and is doing a big business. To-day sn indictment was found against a man named DoDsoif, for advising and inciting negroes in this State to rebel and make insur-was over- heard to tell negroes in their cabin at a late hour of the night, ' that the children of Israel were in greater bond-This Is expressly dedant' CHL. Nbw-Yobk, Nov. «, 1860. S. J.TOTEB8 WHO BATE CHANGES RESIDENCES.If a voter has moved into, one. election IMattriet ftaaaelection District within less thananother "thirtythe election." he may vote tor next preceding yetofficer who 19 to be chosen by a r localityboth of these election Districts.'On Saturday evening a very severe galedelphia, will be ready on the 181h Inst. The Wattr young free which stood in the track of its fall was"'f* ^ ""' of every branch, as if with a and its Ttalsartialels wttboeta rival as a eaittiaai~ ef Ifcs itfaWOOD, IDBY k OO-Treasury, of Quarantine. The ordnance of the stripped hatchet,DeL or St. ,^ppealcurried wUhand three of the plOars which supported it, but doingE. sent onHe ia said to be anOeo^glaB. ma^aOjaceompMy Anymmtltetma.ia aand Ami tha nteanneas of denying^tifeet.iPisgucntlc papa InKoititi CaioUaa,earnest application.KA-The I-add «c Woboter Bewlas Msehlao pOI*ECTIONJ^^»*^j;*|B4'TM have the saas attended WT. thesnatcbing were, from tltf awath of the arave. NaDe|^Benevoleat.specially soUcited on the partP^'^ons, who. from w«it0° KENTUCKY. SALT RfvEB.BOnBBON-pound most iprova a blsMng;eompeUed to makePROMPT andScntberavarlsshonldiacknowledged by°' U"" breaking.afew of^ass. TtaebeUfellwiththe panesMr eharEOiby^?"V^\?k^f*',''° "^^ Epi^coptl Mls- tower, and the top of It was brakaa on.^St^us...-^M^www.fultonhistory.comSf^..-'>».^-.v:',''_;.^--S^o-:^;interruptionlargealltold,high seas." tion.Information has been received from the Chesapeake thanthey threw ; that the negroesvbicbnonear the line of the canal, at its prm-would be determined and show that ginia) onlyIf both election DIstrtets are la District, be may voto tor lUaabcrerOd If both election Ojstiiala astis thevoto for Coantw Ofloera,"Thereclpal dams, no fuller information can be had as yet.HAaaia,iaDaveiU!oit«ewas prestimtaWiacaaaria,this story is as devoid of as a simUar Abrig,thenameofwhichisnotgiven,issslwreofftn*li, one prop- the mouth of the harbor, with txrth masts The TROCHES often a mere wiiispenv "Throaf,X*. Mlble in Atlanta, which isROWLEY, A. M., CENTSi BOX..BVa||hJ&and awlndraiUSr erected by Mr. butTbe wind-wheelTB0MA4 OasiBAV, at Hempstead Branch, wcas blown,molisiied, causingdamageofdealers having reduced their prices, is beingrope, where the quotations are vary Ugh. Exchange chimneys being blown ofl', and partially destroying BROWirS »a Cocoa."Baperior Fariar, UbmvlMiiaKaat: BoaUnu tare, of evorj st9la,-fc«as "iiilihsndtwasthe roof.At Farmingdale, the damage to fences sod shadeStation,damagedto the amount of9300, byI have proved them excellent for Waoor- REV. H. W. WABBKN,elegant and exfaaslTe. ating's Commercial 'for a statement of theentirelyBReWN'S From theirAflbotleas, Convalilaa^ t ChlBvontbe merchantson dayfollowing Monday, and left, when ready,MARRIED.trouble in which 1 t>ecame Involved inAt Marietta, Griffin, West Point and La Grange, Ga.,L bjactive service. The Commodore ult, and put up at the Exchange Hotel, one of the AUen Blossom, of Buffalo.Dolphin, largest and most deservedly popular public houses in Whiii—Sasds.—In Chicago, on Tuesday, Oct. 31, atfrom the residence of tbe bride's brother-in-law, A. Foster,I calledToEOHTO, C. W., Saturday, Nov. 3. on ber return to Boston after a cruise of two and a I arrived at Montgomery, Ala., on Friday noon, 26th Ivew-York, to Ahha, only daagliter of the late Iraacted the part of gentlemen.W. B. BALDVai—, - ^-iThe largest store hi the Otv.following day.can give the substance of this speech from my notes, 4,GOI.DBonshtby J. C. ALLBM. No. «U-VKDEK&IONKD siness-men-in tbiaunusual uumtier of the followers of Messrs.Toombs & Co., who had no better business on handthan the senseless falsehoods In retailingRepublican complicity in the destruction of life properiy in Texas, (which Gen. Sam Hoostoh says, inspeech, instrong drinks,Nov. 4. at Bis friends are invited to attend his funeral, at thevery Imprudently questioned me in regard to mypromises that the Vigilance Committee would giveduring aJohn \V. Hitch. Architect,Mand 66 Exchaaiof the iron fence ofchurcbiaofbrick, twenty inches thick, and the tim- st. Twelve private rooms loraMnriieation of hia Hairbers of the spiretrne value tiBtahave failed, these Bitters pristinehealth. TheirpopalarityIt the and front of the porUco, gable-endWaOLESilE ANTHOKYrSo._S01_ BriMw<diwau,jT-VtM-lies. Boldbydruggists when.of nofturther'<«"'«g«'tothet>od|r^theehurebthan TsBIALBfbraBatesrsandthetr*l«.*c.. In aU parU andSoatbwest.Thaeupelaofby the gale, a fine eilrfr poplai treemcumdown Wooetsr-placeUnenttitledDoYour" hasty retreat," the desire of the citizens of Mont-miles east of thisJohn's Run and North Mountain, the railroad is loca-ted along the river at alxjut fifteen feet above ordinarywater-mark, for a distance embracing some ten or fit-teen miles. Here, for the greater part of the dis-tance, the track was more or less overflown by thegreat rise in the waters, which came down so rapidlythateventhebroadbedoftherivercouldnotcarrythem off fa.«t enough. At Sir John's Run the waterrose al>ove the floor of the Railroad Company's tele-graph office, more than two feet above the truck. AtCherry Run, opposite Old Fort Frederick, 122 milesfromBaltimore,andabout12mileseastofSirJohn'sRun, the water was also fully as high above the rail-road track. "This is the point at which the railroadwas so much threatened last Spring, at the heavyfreshet of April. Since that however, a most sub- neighborhood of the depot, waited there more than ploded, tearing away portionwas as follows, almost verbatimDoDSONthey,)of tbe yoke of Slavery by themselvesageIf both election Districts are In theExcltungeseverely injuringengineer. reported'haveRegiment expe- have reported that the grand bank at Dam No. of St. Domingo had overpowered their masters and to an Ericsson Caloric Engine exhibited at their recent District the may rote tor Assesalstai^. PHOTOaXAPHIO' down muaovbehadforPiftrnallan.destitute of truth.aadaslMaadh U"S- 'life,'"" GeorgeIsaac Bnildec No.«S CastJHh-at. Lewia,life was preserved by someli^po'.tion.my ticket, which one of them brought to metill the train was about to move, bade me good idght, and departed.Were not this article already too long, I could give the history of an outrage upon a New-York mer-;have described.1one Respectfully,Charokd with Inciting Rebkllto.>i.\ cor-lute prohibition. The saving goa twelvemonth towards paying for a Caloric Engine In l>uildiugs where there is but a moderate amouut of prop-erty.proportioned to the consumption.TESTIMONIAL.A Board of Practical Engineers of the MassachusettsFair in Faneuil Hall, Boston.FOR SALE IN NUMBERS OR BY THE SINGLE EN-GINE. AT NO. 164 DUAKE-ST., NEW-YORK.SE.N D FOB A PAMPHLET.OFFICUL DBAWINOS, BY TBLSaBAFB.OF THE I.EQAI1IZBD I,OTTEBJB8.WOOD. EDDY k CO., MANASEBBottheDELAWARE, KENTUCET, AND HUaOVEI BTATK LOTTEKHS,AUTHORIZE) BT THE LBMBLATXm.a rerident of the Tbls Is the County."dence te entitle a seaman to voto tor ft'* ,_ tors, for StatoOfllcers, ttAtatOaatfOffum^,,Hotel. Ifthewrites to the PetersburRh Krprf v.«, fromrespondent " Peflsylvania, <;. II., under date of Oct 30 : cuitCourtisnowinsession,hisHonorJudgeGilmieFAIOLT SEWINS. No. 496 Broit4way, New-Torfc.THXniorehead'iTHE BEST IN THE WORLD.3S cents a bottle.D. C. HOREHEAD, M. D., No. 19 Walker-st. NT.Sold by all good dnifgists.GlaMShadea! Olaea Shades,!GLASS SHADES, of all •ises, for ooverisc clocks, flowers, Ac., Ac, constantly on band and made to order.RM PBBSKSTUra AND ftMUW TWt Far sale bf al dnMNMiMDy»-tbeb«st extaat. BATCSlNPB Wigs andToa-O ^ooo^8^5?o%rj{rob^oo«5o__ IntrodaoehaveirapnvtaeaiaoveraU. TblsIs°otheyaatontsed eoaeoMe Emaerlibl WUwngtoa,Louis, Mo.Montgomery.—and properly testify that"he has beenan laJboth TROCHES "TROCHESleaves the French There and at Macon I was treated most courteously. BROWN'S Sold by all Druggists at TWENTY rrrB tlut Infknt.calledbering 35, and includina some of the wealthiestand most popular citizens of Montgomer>', who hadme In charge, and tbe proprietors of the Exchange youDKebt son of the late , Hon. Oram G< Otis, of Ballston Hotel became seriously alarmed for my safety.S. P. Morris, Marble Works, Ne.lM Of— ^comesin first-class establishmCDts. and in one instance a new establishment.;mayAs both electioB^Hsttiett BBftbe la H.this City for one year last past, or more, he can la'«TROCHES» ....Rev.Dr. Sbelton, Airsxiw Grat BaAnroas, of tiwIrBMaeywIU be returned.Nov. Matilba 39th year of her age.ford-st. M. E.Church, are respectfully invited to attendWest 18th-st., this (Tuesday)being with tbe vast- laavortaikeehisafternoon, at I o'clock.Ciasi.—iB this JOBN GAifsi, agedcount of the at explosionparagraph giving Collinsvllle, Ind.,A. A. BtuHu Denmaxi,Materials.W«*^ m rem il'9t»ZiiiI''-int wUch la tor BUdrenia^, If iMKl*o<««r " Bmuti't BnmcfmidTnelufr ingredients, aUbr Pulmanan'Tases, Parian aad other__ AonatTXHMiiffsr which tbe Trochea^areasveeiflc)havtiniaiademeDR. A. aTHaYES. ChcmUt, Boaton, "A simple and pleasant conMnatlon forBoaton. Benfflclal when compelled to speak,sBf-Goods peeked^REVTE.„., PresidentofAthensCollfge,fenn.onthe residence of his son. Rev. Hervey D. Ganse, Mr.and 11 days.City,foIlnidtltlcaDlg an excitement among those who list-ened that it might soon tie impossible to The friends of the family are respectfully invited to certainly be elected, and it Is a mabSunday evening, years.PiKi —At R.ve, Westchester County, N. Y.. on Thurs-York, and we therefore trust you will iJohn A. Harriot. BoUder, No. 1*1 last lifiir^" City, agedb gp •years.bilious fever, in the 27th year of hia age JAUSSB Fr.29One.—Id Houston. Texas, on Monday, Oct. IS, ofBrown h 4 flams, Hotuc Movers,Thomas Ho. Ciane,SraBite-eatter,J. B. k W. W. Cornell fc Co^ Bom" William Diamond, Iron Works, He. 1» Wo JohnTotter,Contrsotor.No.141lastMO.,Bluelinger- iog death of two others, and severely scalding severalMarc EidUts, Bailder.Charles Schalu, Brick-dealer, NOu J. R. Brown. Real EsUte, No. 1,«»7nothingAlter hiding me away for some time, in an unfre- Calorio Engine, bxcxpt e.vploding with this shocking J. A. Candee, LimPel,ufmoboetrE,ast 26th-tt.thing to reveal my locality, and assuring the crowd ofand injaring John Dutcher, of Kent, Connecticut.o(theof iho.'e "conservative" citizens were sincere, whydid they not. like brave, generous men. hazardtheirlives, if necessary, in protectinR an innocent stranger?Tills is the first 1 have heard ot this sturt, and ittoo late. The truth is, those w ho are so clever now,were afraid of the mob and the Vigilance Committee Can any man who values his own life or that of his em- Noah Xorris. Ptone-Cutter. 14th-at.. North River,be has acquaintedof an entirely SAVX motor,Wm. H. Jr., Lime Merrill,securing my protection,leave on the night train for some other place, (allow-ing me to go where 1 pleased afterward,) a.^surlng me from Memphis to New-Orleans, exploded-thirty persons Henry H. Keeler, Buildicg Materials, TTkaatSIst-a"t.A Brothers, makers of athe wood-work ofN0.S8 Horatlo-sbCharitable Associationjustfree of charge by seodlnc toa^l"l"s^d _ ^_«„^^^^^^^"i^^siir.have tested it. WhenC.C.Stearns,!, ,c. ' "''Oris. Otis,-?=*-., Mastaitm, BaAti |l|~awarded a medal goldEngine.tbetdbe found la the CItr.Ingeveroffered In thisOneoftheDemoaratlcCaadidatasf.^iJ>-**«:<iL-.'.ii»ead<*i, Pl».''^'iiii|^y^"gtf$^i '^:^ —iJ'^*U^ BI*KBHBAB«JHAOiejSTEWART, as one e( the Sivenlios places in the Board on the 1st of January i .volve DO sacrifice of or feelingNo.Thomns McDowsIl, Contractor, No. 336 East IOUTM-of this State one year," " and of the CJeah^is within the election District, is a sufloient lying**on insurance will far in of this State one year," and for tbe lasti"bar'stropeli"..£:;».--!» Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 -•"irii-ririir'Pfifiifit'iiri"il'T IN ifiis^fif iffti^'^'^^^''^^'^'^-^-^-"-