 >UwYN ><•IB- \si ine with a new and glorious splendor in the firesof Montalembert's eloquence. Hand grenades —A Mr: George Finlay, a Scotch gentleman long do- purpose. He now'•proposesa well-eqoipped boat party, ble. But, on the whole, our informant considers the she is entitled to it. The figure is WieMzc, but a half-and sky-rockets, petards and Roman candles, meeticated at Athens, is about to complete hia'studies to leave England in the etu/ly Spring, and reach'King Iribmus of Tehnaritepec healthy. In" most parts, the length, and neurly occupies the canvas.i!' !*L V "J I?wibjcct; and.the other by the Scottish antiquary, Cosmo lished the first part of an account of a voyage made Nt'.v:-Yor)c American," wivs Guppi, " puffed the painU e attached, ascended lately the volcanic moun-v»of liberty a la. Montalembert, men like Proudhon•would be as hardly served as they now are by Louisders" of editions from other houses, is 'proprietor of many of the most splendid illustrated works of.«#> <:w-r,I?mSl:W:1^ ••t.*..w..>.»*•>**,«'-".,*,,>v*«-i-t*-''--v-*W^ * » x ' / * * * *mt+m*—mm—«•>!doing violence to the language of Voltaire and generacy and corruption of monks and monasteries; finishirgthem, has at last issued-.the concluding part ofBoesuet. M. Quinet says that his purpose was to aud that he is no advocate of a restoration of liis work, unique in literature, •tex Supcrchcrks Lil-open new routes to the fancy, to revive French ancient monachism in our time and 8tate. tcraints devoiUcs. The object of the book is to showimagination, to revive rather than create a national Figuier's fourth and closing volume of UHistoirc the real authors »-f books, and to unmask the preten-poetry Based on the old national poetical traditions. du MtriiUcux dans le Temps 'Moderne, treats of The purpose is admirable; the trouble is that, frisky tables and other furniture of mediums and though the old story of. Merlin may bo of French spirits. It is not necessary to reiterate what wasclearing-out sale of the very fine collection of studies THE PANIC 'SIGN'S—PUBLIC OPINION—XEW-J12RSEY. <M*JO L« &** «t; *1t*t\ • do.2>(M Chi.-, a^.».'. «,tx» QML &. Q d34 yntior.*; j 10 Com F.rr'r- 12 lk-L a HartiO dt,.., "6 d.».... 25P»cif..-'M-' SO.' do.., «0 "do;. .m - do., . «? Kew-JTot*.2* do., do..iview from its Lights, formed by the debrisof on extinct occupy the foreground and captivate, the attention by voh ano, extends to the Arabic mountains on the east their, gorgeous garments. The sentiment of the picturemocracy have lied so sturdily to tlie South touching the character and objects ot Mr. Lincoln, knowing, moreover, that all was false, that they now find themselves taken at their word. The South be- iievt.s them, and hence the trouble. .To shirk-this responsibility, their journals here are impudently11#**< X. v iievcT *iidward the Atlantic level, there is much more moisture, The two rival goddesses are not present, and Par*••yet remain on hand.;6'XBeJBXTrfI,'**-':Jiii immmmmmn .-it,iIA W7jr' * *M M M 4 iy^OW 0 * » O*C0 Com!«rotHlent.2.*•*•• •entitled,: Lis #oi*«* a*?0«c«de«^Tbe Western booksellers out of Broadway, the most active veftail Research Expedition, who; in spite of the loss ofjhis lands. H^^,j&j^^f)jiiia longer, the ijeat is for "depicting lovely'forms. It is the%vorfte Ode withcicl and religiouB state in the middle ages; a eulogy and it is understood these dramatic rarities have beenParker Snow has been compelled to abandon, hisoi monachism and of the early monkB and hermits Bought for with'BO much avidity by the public that the favorite idea of an expedition by way of Behring thundcr-fctorn.s are very frequent, the dews are heavy, awardK the golden prize, which he reaches to her, sau—— —FRENCH•t ?being in April and May. -"Thb"monntain range Ciftrro—Mr. H. P . Gray has a nearly, finished picture <m hie eeeel, peculiarly adapted^"by its sabjectforthede*'a. t r u e r flung among t h e wondijoai ' ifcultitude of truths be uttered, than .that—whose saintly aureoles, seen now through the magni-fying mist of time by the warm light ot imagination,speculation was an excellent one, and few of the lots!*%*?•«•f*&K>&1!!?~*<! ':$&$r:^^w^mmjLm•f *px! 'i*. mi*-**fe'UTHRATGRE.stflr.w\4Prieto, with its prolongation, & the climatic boundary.••'';For in such case part truth may come to much the same thing as/falsehood. Hercules, indeed, may be known by his foot—-to those who already know Her- cules; nothing but that in a photograph album would not give a veiy correct idea of the whole demigod'sproportions and of bis works.Merlin • VEnckanteur is a poem filling two ter of it. Not only the most readable, but on theoctavo volumes of prose—poetieal prose—rwhich whole, the most faithful biographies are those i» worse, if possible, thau English hexame- where the biographers have "fallen in love" with=tears. Written by Edgar Quinet, it is made, on their subject. It would be unjust not to add, thatfinds an argument against the tmtiquity of the Border Ballads; in the fact that the great baronial.mimes— " tl>£ De Veecis, the De Morevils, the De Veponts, the De'Hormanvilsjthe Avenels, the DeBalleds," etc., the Lords of Tweedwdc, are now utterly unknown to the traditions of tbo country where their forefathers ruled as princes^ and that consequently these traditions, &c, muet be of comparatively modern date.—The veteran French bibliographer, I. M. Que-rard, who is famous.for commencing books and nevercircuitous course by way of the Straits of Bab-el-no one, within rational limits, 'has spoken more and beautiful; but it still remains poetical prose, severely than does Montalembert of the later de-.the whole, tolerable, and is often purely aptof dune, they took leave of the Nile, and turnedtheir, steps toward ^10 Red Sea, For the first —Mr. Regis Gignoux, oUr Franed'Auierican land-d*.y or two the route lay through a pleas- scape, painter, having determined on a removal to ant region, .dotted with palm-shaded Arabic vil- Paris, for an indefinite period, is about to make ai.ooo do.;iorigin, it is not to-day national. This purpose was eoaceivedthirtyyearsago.Thispoem,whichisto express it, was actually commenced in Belgium in 1853, aud finished in Switzerland in 1860; begun aud ended, the super eminently French work of an ardently patriotic Frenchman, in «xile—political exile, of late years a , vol-said of his method of treating the interesting class ofsubjectscomingunderthegeneraltitleofhis work, on occasion of the appearance of its earlier volumes. He is a Baconian physician and natural- ist. Apart from any value his book'may have, aspastes and picturesque scenery of these mountains the fruits of his visite to the most picturesque parts of party descended to tho coast at, Coeseir. This town, the United States and Canada during the past eighteenPHILADELPHIA, NOV. 15.Blue Monday comes, according to old experi- ence, only once a week. But up to this writ-.furnishing an explanation by physical laws of curi- ous phenomena, it has a considerable merit; for untary and all the nobler exile! This is not the excellent clearness and order of its statementout.of doors the monetary sky was like brass.mentioned'^ for the sake of introducing poli- of these phenomena." Volume fourth, for example, tics into a strictly literary theme, but to show the opens with a history of Cagliostro, his wonder spirit of the man, which is the spirit of the book. words and works, which, for the two excellect I t is- the work, of ail his works, by which M. Quinet qualities of brevity and completeness, quite sur-desiies to be judged. Into no other has he put so prises any other account 1 have ever seen, muchofhimself. "Thelegendofthehumansoul, ofthatprinceofthaumaturgy..Folkswhodonot•ii30fldo..A.:.d->. do.**on to death and beyond death, that is my subject.**To reconcile all legends by carrying them back to•* one; to find in the human heart the final close**bond of all popular and national traditions; to** connect them in one. coordinate harmonious ac-**tion; to bind together the discordant world that**the imagination of the peoples has enchanted—*' such is the task I have ventured to undertake."Surely a very noble task, nobly -entered upon, sin-, the devil and all his works—will lugubriously enjoy eercly labor* d at—not succeeded in, I should say, as an octavo volume fresh'last' week from the Parisian a whole, but grand and honorable to the author, even press. Its title is, La Magic an dix-neuoiemeV) Eria RiilTH 25 dod<» do., do.'.36* do.. «0 do..dc... JSN.J. C-cIO.POO r. &* l,C00Yiroa. 5.000 Mira.>»1.000 L.Cr..» 5t 700C«afoa <:-50 do..:.. 50 do . .. MO d o . ' . J50 Cttc F. 4 Q25 d o . . ' . - UO do150 Milwnuk^- A400 K. y-otkCXxt; 3H do..do., •3 do., SO do., SO do.,MO do... 10Zne IUJ.-v34St»x-ka c»c*j fcvr cxcrptk'#i*. The bpar*ut'>a and offered s& there vras.k* bids on bay>» bat fevr. ii aay intfte/pre*esMis«ock record it ior BMx?r ahw iatiKg eootrae lhe market. ,ir the raa vf...k remowiypr»-ci nfcnth ago. aof ntmr<-T. > Traa . hear}. fartherd«;it as hlno HH it* u large bosint-^'f iintch$ng? in | litocks an- dvpx newoe« to ?'•''.. ot-nt, A-.c, 11o'clock, after viniuedio' on-ri J874„09 or 10»>; Suite Sixi^, MCompany, t i I •IChil,- 75*7'", «2§; Hud^n'Harlem Ptet« .gan Centra!.«' era Indioura, 1 30i'^31: l!na«5*59i; 6abw Toledo, tffi'A Cbicago, Bbi CenUalTi*, v^* Thore w a p 'the bnyen* oiinipOKsihle t" i "afctnatorva. ?i.-ibankers'. r&'.-. «itj drawers cent.Pn>«*.^ •*r»d tho to^' dilhcuU to /ia.nuu4fi«ion** : •h-awens JU<N ' peenj to t»e. v>Hed th>ii: «;• :1a*«« ,y«"«kr. ha bills .recerv »jh 'rapidIT>'and'\. -<t>n««Hja«T.<^: more ditht**.:i:exchange.jVour the •- .addition to tit« rate of,JSxcbn'hovrover, bw? money itt a ^ breads*u&*stivers, ii'*-- •will pay *H -* tnai^actiiMiv< tJii» jitate ot r*>rdfr*for v? rUlrL*1i«l Ol" v.tftiouahttvc aJ in«-ui b«u\k ptwjtO th'* t tho Kxchari::•: dbjpmenUoH tion.'of nu«iy niarkct caiuuIn Freighi dehvoivd r.„ cations of exot<^ric and esoteric allegory and symbol- Legitimist, and does not believe in all the good old ism, as to whose meaning the ablest and most times, good old dogmas, "Old Nick," and whatever friendly critics aTe in doubt; or at best leaving else is reputable from' age. The gist of the book— the reader of th«ir ingenious lucubrations Which is anything but a stupid one—expressed iu.in the doubt where• the reading of the briefest formula, is: "The l3evil is in it." I have poem left him. Its unity, apart from what only read half its pages; judging of the rest from . Quinet's simply rhetorical style and the bookbinder's them, from previous;, knowledge of similar super- handiwork gives it, consists in a characteristic naturalist tkedricians, and from the opinion of largeness and generosity and humanity of expression, Father'Ventura, who has read all of them, andthought, and feeling. The direct charm of the expressed his views'about them in a letter ad- book, despite its poetical prose and its unfathomable dieBsed to the author, which occupies the prelhn- general drill, lies in numerous passages of descrip- intnytrio of them; wherein, among other good things tion aud reflection, fuH of light and air and calm and the celebrated preacher and ex-gwieral of the order lairy beauty or fantastic invention. But my hal of the Theatins writes these: " r Satan,' said Vol- cohtmn is nearly occupied. Oil the seven most " taire, ' is Christianity; no Satan no Christianism.' capable notices and reviews of Merlin VEnckantewr, " It may, then be affirmed that the masterwork of •let me quote, in conclusion, from one: " Criticism " Satan is to have succeeded in getting himself de- ** of such a work is impossible, and the most abun- " nied. T o demonstrate the existence of Satan is to *• dart citations conld give but an incomplete idea " reestablish one of the fundamental dogmas which **of it. And were this criticism possible, I should " are the bases of Christianity, and wanting which ** feel a repugnance in making it; I have so little " i t is only a word. Such are the thoughts sug- ** liking for this amalgam of ail sorts of ideas, tones, g e s t e d to me at first by the perusal of your work,African coast in inhabited by the Domhoido-Danakil, tributed by lot among the members, while the proceedsa semi-non:a<iic tribe resembling the Eastern Abysshv of the exhibition go.the accumulation of a fund for the be done, for capitalists decline collaterals, and pre-*•*#«:«•#DULYTRIBUNE,':SA TP[Rl%rgr^j^g^PnwrfOfllMt.Will, vr and loss. It property willOurcar-bnii t o supply Emr Patsneugtn- liu Afr. Train, i John Bull's iaThere n a v l>etwee« !New the year'n grr 5n some brnnc •jccupatiow ^dode. T h e iTh<* levy on trblfor tnxaiH ^nueh. Th«i the st^iek'i>» Sheriff mnnt. nA bogus b •dull caw, bar. fuBy expoeetJ.Jteirg, in imphc %f«« obtiinf-.-: a «»k whfieavKii wilha babv 23ut urresagati-an." symptomVOMMl\ H«lr« m ta>-« do..V**> do... 11.WW d»... lP.O") Vtr*inl* !« » d o . . . 5,0<X) N. C«r.»b' m 2.O'0 M»-„- Si IflW d*... 2,000 do...12.000 do. 1,000 do.. HJ<A C%31forr, I.«OO?J. v. <;.rf 1,0s* Krj* R.J 4,000 ILtU 2d if, S.0CQE.R.R.^.\50,00(rEr>R.a *.<m d o . ; . . 3.C00 Kn#. R»; C ^COOllwlRi- 3t.'W .. d«..: .7»»«.-«. y . 13,01)0 Mitli S»j 4'.;,••"..•.. •';.••;0*«ntln>«« exc o*Laj( of » fiuilt, -D«tTi aurk« Uie f»ult thv WOTMby the exCUM A* p«tebe« M*. opon a littto breach,Di»^t«ilt DOOMiu kidius of the f*ult.Than Hi tW faaK Wotw it WMnoj»*U*e4-<--which troth notwiffcgtaiuiiDg, I risk giving the apologetic reason why I fcavoktyt »o long silence tW>t French books. I «PM :d to begin with «peakiog of Merit* PEncka>&*T. I t is the most wwarjiabte book that has appeared in France tkkr season, not to say in these last years. J It has been, largely remarked uponj as it deserved to be. Friendly and unfriendly, strong and feeble reviewers have filled feuiHetons and wholepages of journals, and sheets of statelier periodi- and a red hair-shirt, charging for Francis II. with than any worliB since the days of Gibbon. ' *al*, with notices, analyses, criticisms, interpre- lance in rest, and an improved Colt's pistol in histations. None of them has succeeded in conveying girdle; imagine the Rev. Thomas Hill illuminating ' —Two books, on.the universally interesting subjectStraits in search of further relics of tire Erebus and Terror, the fund subscribed being insufficient for suca ain the dry season 'the surface of the earth becomes parched, and the heat, is sometimes almost insupporta-iefied at the glimpse be obudns of the 6al£drap©d splendor of the charms of the daughter of the sea that** and styles; I fiuu in different parts, of the book " * Magic in the XlXth Century, etc.' But m-.igic, —If the character and position in History of the Duke**suchdisagreeablecontrastsbetweenthelittleness "•*of the subject and the pomp of diction, so ** many things that shock my taste, mingled ••with so many others that delight me, that •* I should fear to be unjust toward a writer"mesmerism,magnetism,spiritism,hypnotism,areruins,ofmountainandcoastscenery,ofthetradeandmauy'sthetimeandoft,hehas•mostemphatically just mentioned, the contemplation of which tills the pledged himself. Two parties here who, to iny cer-"knowledge, your immense erudition, make evi- **whoseprinciples1love,whosecharacterIhonor, "denttheincontestablerealityofthefacts. Your ** and whose gonius I admire. There are two men " inexorable logic demonstrates their supernaturalphilologyandstatisticsheseemstobeequallyathome. worthiftheydonomorethancreateafeelingofwon- wasexpected*' in the author of Merlin; the one speaks with au- **tbority and great talent, the language of reason— ** he i* judicious, thoughtful, perspicacious; the—La Tour du Monde is Uie title of a profusely illus- der ut the skillful manipulation of the artist. ,"quality, and their demoniacal character," and so on.I^have only room left for titles of a few other no- ** otherdisregards all rational temperance, prudence, ticeable books: Histoirc Politique de* Papes—Po- ** curb, and bounds; be indulges without restraint in litical History of the Popes, by P . Lanfrey, 1 vol. ** all the caprices of bis brilliant imagination, and 18mo; La Suicide Politique en France—Political •'givesway to the most incredible exeentricities. Suicide in France, treated physiologically aud psy- "' For me, Merlin rEnchanteur is a grand and chologically, by Dr. DesEtangs; Histoirc dc la Mai- ** beautiful picture, .whose'frame I do not like. son de Sacoie.—History. of the House of Savoy, a **But take it as it is, it deserves to be and will be histcrico-politicnl pamphlet in defense of Victor ** read, with pleasure and with profit. It is in- Emanuel's Italian niibfcion, . by a.former corre- •* spired by a grand and suggestive idea; the reader spondent of THE TRIBUXE, the Princess Christinetrated geographical journal, which h:is been published weekly at Paris since the beginning of the present—The tale of Mr. Leupp's pictures on Tuesday night last, affords a pretty good indication of the prevalentDelaware and New-Jersey constitute two prob- lems. The latter was bowed down with mortifica- tion at the shame of losing Pennington and permit-" nothing else than Satanism You have treated be for want of documentary evidence. In addition to the" your . subject in a masterly manner. Your vast ample biographies lately published by Capt. de Brial-their master for fiie dangerous effects of such mu- unmentioned, we come to • Edmund About's Rome Simpson of London will otfer for sale eighty letters andtinous example, Montalembert has transferred to —In some recent Statistics of earthquakes by Prof.Conteniporaine. It is the continuation and comple- poems, in the original autograph of Robert Burns,-writtenpagesalltheboldness,brilliance,andpara- tionofafeuilletonbegunintheMoniteurthreeyears•including.thefirstsketch(hotfromthepoet'sbrain),ofAnsted,theEnglishgeologist,itisstatedthatthere-ators in the parliamentary contests under Louis Phi- Nuncio here. He had better let it go on. It wouldBppeand the Republic. His letterto Cavonrthis week have saved him and his the putting of La Question of ceveral other of his most popular songs an! poems.ages to 1850 is over 7,000, From 1500 to 1800 there oc- to $y,ii:55 50, quite as much, we presume, as the collec- out. New Castle has more of these than any other ean ed 2,S04 earthquakes, and from 1800 to 1850, 3,240^ Uon originally, cost The fact is worth pondering by county, 'so, though it gave Buchanan 800 majorityThe average for the present century is about one a week. Of the number annually occurring only about one in forty is of such violence as tocause destruction of life or property. Prof. Ansted contends that Uie sun,is a philippic, and eminently characteristic of the man; vehement, aggressive, abusive (it cannot be denied that Cavour had given provocation), but notHomaitic.I will speak of it to-morrow.That some of. these will find their way across the Atlantic may be regarded as certain. ,—A valuable addition has lately been made to thelibrary at Munich by the receipt of the fine collectionin IcCO, it this year left him in a minority of l,iJ70. This bounty also zealously opposed the lottery inteieet, as another of those gigantic hum- bugs will be fought for from the next Legislature. Ben \\ ood, your new Congressman, has a grant— Wood, Eddy <fc Co.—which ' expires iu 188$, andLITERARY.XJi*. articles in the Correspondent are printed —The really sound state of the book trade, if left toour opnlcnt'citizens, that while their- magnificent fur-niture will never sell for a quarter of its cost, theirpicture-s, if purchased with tolerable discretion; willusually poll for more. . If they spent lefts money oncbahsund tables and more on pictures,-their houseswould not only be more attractive to their friends, but. they want it renewed. Now this Legislature is they would make a better investment of their money. divided, or tied, one party having the Senate, th*vidgfHly so; too fearlessly confident and eager in assault on the enemy's position to guard bis own.speeches, which his imperial opponent in debate itself, and not interfered with by disturbing politicalrecently purchased in Paris by the Bavarian Govern-ment, and the deportation of which from the Frenchcapital hits caused much literary animadversion, andregret. Like most French collectors, M. Quatremerewas' very choice in the binding and condition of hiscopies, a thing little Valued in Germany, wherethe niceties of the bibliomania have never been appre-ciated, and books-are more valued for their contents.A New-York Professor, lately returned from a con-and Uie changes of the atmosphere all exercise morp or less hilluence in causing these agitations of .the earth's crust.orphans of its members. The society grew out of the times a more absorbing one than polities, and some by apromontory of yeliow granitic rock, -which runs very buevesfful effort that was made to .provide a fund revelations are likely to be made touching the scan-out. into the ocean,, atlbrding shelter from •westerly for the benefit of the family of the lat 6William Eanney, dalous corruptions supposed to have been practiced Winds, but leaving Urn entrance otborwiso quite ex- and the constitution of the association was adopted on to procure the last grant a vear ago. Thut grantreplies to by flue and imprisonment. M. de Monta- Jexnbert is now a brave and generous champion of ^ b e x t y , as be understands it—i. e., of parliament- ary liberty of speech for the superior classes, and of liberty for the Church—i. e., the Roman Apostolic Catholic Church. Under the late .Republic, he was one of the ablest and most violent assailants ofagitations, is shown by the success which has just at- tended Messrs. Bangs, Merwin &• Go's Fall parcel sale. The chief feafcrre of the solo was a fine supply of choice Englifch books consigned from various foreign hounes, and including a large invoice from Mr. Henry G. Bohn of London, who, whether a« the original publisher orother having the House, Lottery or no lottery had ' —A corrcBpondcnt of THK TIUBUKK residing at Su- meritorious association which has recently been organ- a good deal to do in 6ome places, and money was chil, iu Mexico, slates that Ventosa, the. Pacific ter- ized in New-York, for the benefit of Uie widows and spent freely on this issue, while more was no "doubt minus.of tlic Tehuante})ec route, is a roudstoad formed promised. In m«*t, the letter}' question was some-popular liberty. Were the World under the regime < by purchase of what are technically called "remain-Napoleon; and men with views like those say of ourUcw-England ancestors (let alone some of our modern times, and one of the largest owners of literarytinental, tour,'.reports, the number of duplicates in thisMunich; Library as one hundred thousand volumes, posed. To render. the harbor perfectly safe, a break- Uie 6th of Uie present month. It now numbers 45 was made to France, Broudbent «& Co. of Balti-JSfew-EngJand cotemporaries) would be as hardly roperty in the world. Mr. Bolm's present invoieo served—asth»ywerwAtheQuakers,andwould, if bowedmanyadditionstohisformerlist,includingnu-opportunity had offered, have served the Roman merous recent purchases from Messrs. Murray and.Long-Catholics. M. de Montalembert probably would mans of works that, though past their " first youth,"deny that he preaches political doctrine tending to.suen result, as be surely is too generous himseH', are of very appropriate character for libraries, aswhich might be purchased on liberal terms. —Mr.HepworthDixonhassent/theearlysheetsofwater of about half a mile in length is necessary. On members, and they propose getting up an exhibition of more for twenty years for a bonus of about$35,0tXV our correspondent s arrival nt Ventosa, in 1857, only pictures ior the benefit of the fund in December. Mr. per annum. But these parties have quarreled, audbeing out of power, to wish it practiced with such result Ha would doubtlesf deny that there is aoy inconsistency in his letter to Cavour, where he says Veokse should be rescued from'the Austrian*, but that the rescuing from their control of the Duehies and Naples is a crime; that Vwnetia belongs to the Italians, but that th« ex-Papal States belong"Ranke's Reformation in Germany," by Mrs. Austen', 3 vols., 8vo.; " L o i d Holland's Memoirs of the Whig Paity'and Reminis<:eucefi;" Hue's "Christianity in China," 3 vols., 8vo.; Gleig's Essays, from the Edin- burgh and Quailerly,2.vols.; Chalybau's "Specala-Government has declaredIbq harbor a port of enu-v contribute a work of art worth ut- least $50, aiubto con- and it maintains here a coastguard of a few hungry yol- tribute a work of Uie same value, or pay $75, as at o foreigners, and an infallibly despotic sovereign, .*' of liberty.''"1were very fair, and t>he buyers included representa- the circumstances of Bacon's courtship and marrh*<nj .There are said to be three^different climates on the" and comfort to the lawyers as Trinity Church itself. tive* of firms in Washington, Pittsburgh, Boston, Bal- avo, amply related by Mr. Dixon, from document* hith- Isthmus. In tho plain of Tebuantepec and along the —Mr. Charles Mtiller, the sculptor, whose "Mln- A new bill in equity has been tiled by the heirs for timore, Providence, &c. The New-York Trade was erto unpublished.. The book will be welcomed fur Pacitic coast the rainy season sets in during the month BtrekV Curse" has made .luVfcilent iauuliar to the the recovery of all the Girard'Cstates now held byThe first two volumes of bis great work' were published Jast July; it is to be completed in six vol-mostly comj'otjed of the dealers who cluster oi-ound -and wide as a most.'interesting.addiuoh.toliterawre.,^^i^i^^MLj..^^^^ikf:-of June and lasts audi October, the warmed; weather public, has recently modeled a very striking female tho city, except such as may be needed to maintainve Philosophy on Germany," 8vo.; Wiffen's "Me-moir'sof the Riissells," 2 vols.; Kemp's "Phasis of to his numerous other celebrated friends. The corre-to Jan. 1,1860, as tho same will not be paid—uxero character, and is ^ 2 * miles in length.' The distance need of asfciatane'e are among the objects of its charita- having been no consideration given.YOHK.KaaW^and Paltoa-Btreets, where, owing to the, jad- vauced rents whio » have driven nearly all the retail|*Monks, from St: Benedict to St;. Bernard. These trade in books is now centered. Probably more than more moderate,'"'"tie; nigbis are cool and pleasant, thun- are two volumes of magnificent historical orations, invaluable Eskimo friend, sends home from Greeuland\*S*ee'g- F ^ R J S , October 31, 1860.<rf «M^Xt«'p|Mw PTOIMM**, as the French funnily per- or5historical sermons; an enthusiastic, but not in- half of Mr. Burton's library was purchased to sell ; a letter full .of hope, will soon be followed by; an der-stormB are mfrcqueni, andthe whole region is the, manner of treating it deprives it of the objectiotfehia**! iftdj'Sr tfynng » I*** vho died at the age of 52,painters^ of Paris awarding the apple to Venus; and hi« discriminate laudation of the Europea-n political, :8o- again by booksellers in theec neighboring localities, English paity with objects similar to Us own. Capt. healthiest on_ the Isthmus. Further north, again, to- character which it has generally assumed on oauva*.GEOGRAPHICAL.—It seems that Mr. Hall of the American Franklin between the Pacific,division and Uie central table vislof menc of Me\ sen*uourlove:o£colw;'«wdbiiytaj«i^lance thrusts and flashing sword strokes, and of Greek History by a "Historical Account of IthO William's Land) from the. east. The sum already col- air is pure and clear, the heat produces perspiration,downright blows from polished battle-*ax, are Greek Revolution from its Commencement in 18-il to lected will amply suffice to fit out. such a party. The and leads in breathing to no feeling of oppression. tle pidnre of a wngle figure to the Artists' Garibaldicast out, dashed out right and left at the revolution, 1843." MessrH. Blackwood of Edinburgh arc the; pub- preliminary expenses necessary in laying Capt. Snow's —-Alphonse and Robert Schlagintweit are busily en- Fund, which may be seen at Mr. Nichols'ji Gailery.and at Louis VeuiHot arid at Louis $Tapoleon and at lishers. They'also' issue Mr. Finlny's-other work-monachism, and monks themselves of a later degen- ^History of the Bywtntino Empire, 2 vols., and- views before the public have all been borne by an gaged in preparing the narrative of their explorations —Mr. E. D. Greene, whose specialty i8 ferta^ h e a d i ?erate age. All modern and ancientarras, strangely " Greece, Roman, Mediajvah, and under Ottoman and English lady, whose name is not. given, but the London among the Himalayas and in Central Asia, fit will has given up portraiture that he may devote huauelf tomingled, aTe good in the bands of this zealous,knigbjly, priestly, parliamentary, academical, mid-; .Venetian Dominion," 3 vols.,, so that the new. work .die-aged, modern, independent volunteer formally •will form the uatucal complement of the series, whichjournals state that it is not Lady Franklin.' —rUlfsber, Iceland, was lately the scene of a mostform nine large volumes, accompanied by a.large atlas. the class'cf ideal subjects in which he exeek.enlisted under the banners of infallible authority and may be recommended us throwing more light on an ob-of Freedom. Imagine Garibaldi in violet stockings scure but important chapter of the history of tlie world through the air in a line apparently some miles in ex-of "Names," are just brought out—one by Mr. M. A. "Seeing that they, with the advantage of native abil- lege; imagine Robert Fulton getting his eulogy on Lewes,an explanatory «'Dictionary of English FamilyDubufe's Adam and Eve appeared in THK TRIBVITK oq,"a satisfactory notion of what this singular work is.born books for the use of students in Autioch Col-• ions; .the otheis will treat of the meteorology, geology,It will comprise the observations of all kinds made byremarkable .mirage. Several ships were seen sailing the authors in that vast region lying between Ceylon of a f?ize corresponding with his "New-York at > Sun*andKushgar, Scinde and Assam, between the 38th andricev" embracing a wide view of White Mountain tent; some appeared at anchor near a fortrees built on G5th degrees of north latitiide.uud the 64th and94th de- scenery*a rock; others seemed to approach so near the coast grees cast longitude. Tho hist volume . already uhat the spectators could see through the clear atmos- phere the images of sailors at work in the rigging. .issued contains the astronomical and magnetic observa- —We give up to " Guppi.'" whose brief hMrtory"ofbotany, zoology, philology, ethnology, and topography Friday. We were incredulous as to Uie traditionary Mr. T. von Hcugliii, who proposes to visit Waday, of the explored region. . ' ' . eporteof the great finuncinl successes of Uie originalscow-boats struck off at a steam press; imagine Mr. Names," alphabetically arranged, and to which theRarey "witching the world with noble horseman- author's well-known " Dissertation on Surnames" in Central Africa, in order to ascertain definitely j the ; —The Prussian embassy in Persia to which Henry ictures when they were exhibited here a quarter of a ship," on Cruiser's back, with his face to the tail. (2 vols., post-8vo.), bear the relation of a grammaroC the circumsttmces attending Vogel's death, has lately pub- Bru^tsh,' the famous philologist and Egypthologist, fenlury ago. "All the newspapers, espe<aally. Theity, and knowledge of the language in which it is-written; and high culture and paper room and vergeenough, had failed, it was natural that your unprof-itable servant should put off and pnt off the writ ingof bis cramped descriptive half column,,which can-not tell the whole truth, though an even successful any reader whose attention is. not distracted by his Surnsmes," a valuable little treatise, full of the most effort be made to tell nothing but the truth.On the purely literary side, Lex Moines fVOcci-dent is a masterpiece, and singularly captivating to Junes, quaintly- entitled, " Coucenung. some Scotch along the coast of the Red Sea, imd through the„ lands ain of Dcmavend, about • fifty miles north of ;'ngs terribly. Charles Fenno Hoffman wrote column*he Persum capital. Leaving Teheran, in company <f criticitm. The Episcopal liiwhop and thirty clergy-prejudices. Nor is it all wanting in historical truth and political' wisdom. As to ther first point, an ardent but sincere admirer of monachism,. which frcm the simple fact of its wide prevalence and long existence must,' it is evident, have had its base iu a great human want that it more or less satisfactorilymen of note gave certificates that they were purely the overflowing mediaeval leai-uing of the writer. He .Cairo. When about to return, he resolved to pursue a Embassy reached the . foot of the mountain on Scriptural. All'tbe congregations vitited Uiem." The, met, is quite as likely to rightly appreciate its realundBajuda. In company with .a fellow-countryman,he accordingly left Cairo May 18, and ascended the 14,000 feet, definitely ascertained to be between 19,000- personal observation that the present pictures are im-i essence and worth, as an ardent and sincere.detes-"believe in Hume" will.be entertained and encour- aged in their unbelief by reading this story'of his predecessor and superior. Those, on the con- trary, who do believe in Hume and humio- rnatics, and the higher agency of hobgob- lins, and superuaturalisms generally, and yet aie not fallen off into manacled free-thinking, but hold with fear and trembling their high respect forby gathering in his breast "a sheaf of Austrian spears,'! is equally unworthy of credit, being -unknown to the cotempcrary:'narrators of the event, and only making its appetuar.ee some hundred years afterward.—The long looked for work of Dr. Ellicott, Pi-pieswhich they touched were Sariakin, in lat. 19° 8', N., than in this instance. It is a refreshing delight to gaze can scare up by telegraph from the South. Timidcurious and recondite illustfation of the subject, fromwith three Englishmen, the 'members- of thethe 26tb of July, and on the JiOth found them- " Epkcopal Bishop," it may be well to rememljcr, wsusof tLc Spmalifin 1857. While Austrian-Consul at Khartoum, Mr. von Heuglin found it necessary to visitMardebj rather than to follow the route already familorto him up the Nile imd across the Deserts of Korosko selves at its summit. On the margin of the crater thehyppomelical measurements were made, and the.bightBishop Onderdonk. If thirty clergymen of note certi- fied that the Adam and Eve were " purely Scriptural," we are bound to believe them; but we know fromKile as.far as Deuderalu Having made a brief excur-sion to the ruins of Thebes and Luxor, the party re-turned to Keneh, on thcx eastern side* of the river,neaily opposite Denderah. Jlarc^ on the 17thand 20,000.•"-.-'.':' ' .'ITEMS.purely treated and not in .the least Scriptural. !Ncw- .York knows more about pictures now than it did twenty-five years ago; and if it lias not improved in.morals, it undoubtedly has in taste.FR OM PHIL A DELPHI A.lages. Then came a strip of desert, two days' journeyAND DELAWARE-—LOCAL TOPICS. From Our Own Correspondent.of American scenery which he has made since his wmdbtone and porphyry. Through the long narrow residence in. this country. These "studies"are Uiein extent, followed by chalk hills and .mountains oftious and apocryphal assumptions,'which, tO the confu-sion of truth, aie allowed to prevail in modern Frenchliterature. The literary factory of Alexander DumaswasfirstexposedbyM.Querarxl,andInsworkabounds builtwithinafewmilesofthesiteoftheancient-Phi-years..- ;r .• /•'; in eimiiur revelations. . 'sor of Divinity, King's College, London, " Historicalwere delivered iu 1859, is just published in London by. Board, where the fancies have come down with a15° 25' and 16° 36' N. Iat.< and between 33° 2.7 and to art. Twenty members subscribe $100 annuallyXoJ. W. Parker &. Son, and is now reprinting by Messra. 40° E. leng. The largest •of this insular group, form a fund for the purchase of pictures, and to give pulverizing crash. Someol them will be quiet there*Lady's Lust Stake," from the original in the possession of Lord Cbariemont, which has only been once-pre- viously engraved.- Mrs* Piozzi sat to the artist for the heroine, or unsuccessful figure, a fact which renders it remarkable tbtit no mention occurs of Hogarth in the JobntOniniy Cycle of Friends and Admirers, as chi-oni-ckd by the faithful Boswelf. • ,—" Cab 1>8 ,i« Search of—d Cook ! with divers..re* cei'ftSj and other delectable things relating to the Gas- tronome Art," is a little English book that should cer- tainly be reprinted hero, if the importance of the sub-ject and the ingenuity of its title are considered, though the researcli would be a hopeless one, there is too much reason to fear, in New-York. . . * . ' ,of the Moclia con'ee to Aden by eumvan is preferred in Lerius of Antwerp, the exquisite finish of which is share of damage to numerous interests. Prices aro order to avoid the exactions of the Turkish Custom- marvelous, even for the Belgian school of genre art; it down at the cuttle, markets, and mercantile businessof Wellington is misunderstood by posterity, it will not—The admirers of BurnB will be glad to hear of an thor passed through Catamanca, Santa Maria,'-Sanof the mountain, heretofore estimated at 13,700 toARTIWQ.ing,everyday.sinceSundayhasbeentingedwith- lotera, lies in 26? 7'N.lat., is inhabited-chiefly by —Three veiy lovely pictures were received .here blue. Yesterday was somewhat exceptional;Egyptians, and Arab's, contains mauy bazaars, two last-week1'from Mr. J. T. Peele, who is stiil residing at there was more daylight at the Stock Board, but—The prosaic character of the Swiss seems to finddelights in stripping their ancient annals of all the fairflowers of fancy that have usurped the field of strictand dull chronological detail. Willisim Tell,archerjapple, and all, has long been .relegated from the clearday of history to the twilight of popular tradition, andset down «* a mere mythe, and now Dr. Ottolar L>rcn-tfy has taken pains to prove that, the bU;-y of ArnoldvonWinkelricd'sheroicdeathatthebattleofSempach,and how he broke the Serried phalanx of the enemy • junction with the Indian Ocean, Among the towns at genius, ui.d he Las never employed it with happierene'et eagerly clutching at every wild improbability they*do, do.mcEquee, and a small fort, and derives some commer- Douglas, in the Isle of Man. The largest of them iscial importance from the fact of its being one cf tie iiiiett that Le has sent to this country,.and Money was difficult to be had at any price. It a port of exportation, for the fertile grain shows a. very.marked advance in his style. It is called was everywhere lying loose around, bot holders region of. the valley of the Nile, and the.place where "TieTiitd PiayfeUows,"-,and represents a golden- refused."to part with'ft. Last week, our banks many of the Egyptian, pilgrims embark for Jiddah on. laired young girl, who" has ""fallen asleep on a mossy curtailed over $600,0C0, and this week it is un- their way to Mecca. At this point Mr. von Heuglin bank while playing with her pe't'Uunb and goat, which derstood they are contracting even inore heavily. and his companion engaged an Arabic vessel in which are quietly resting by her side. The subject is one Other institutions are demanding the return of theyfollowedtheeasterncoastoftheRedSc:atoits.whichaffordsopportunityforthefullexerciseofhis callloans,andourtwosensationjournalsareJlong. 37 24' E., the capital of the province of the sameupon a picture of such pastoral sweetness and beauty. people are alarmed by these, telegraphic lies,The only regret one feels in looking at the pictures of which require days to contradict, and so go to sell- ' 8,G00 people, and Massac* in the gulf of Arkiko,,whose this artist is that he will not, or cannot, bestow a little ing out and boarding. The shock to public confi-name and containing a mixed population of 6,000 toinhabitants speak a Shemitic dialect. They visited also more caic upon his accessories, and make his landscapes fidence, thus thoughtlessly add most wrongfullythe Archipelago of Dahlak, a group of islands ..of vol- more worthy of the figures he places upon them. / ThisLectures on the Life of our Lord Jesus. Christ," which canic formation, the seat of important pearl fisheries, * delicious picture was painted for an excellent associ- are every imbruing and evemug working gross in-..which tills the eastern portion of the Red Sea, between ation in Tioy, whose object is to afford encouragement jury to the community, shows itself at the Stockin its failure. The poem is so extensive in mere mu- Steele, etc.—Magic in the Nineteenth Century, itsteterial volume and in its range of subjects, reach- agents, its truth, its falsities, by Gougenot des Mous- Gould &. Lincoln of Boston. Professor Ellicott's vol-ing '.* from heaven through the world to hell," as to seiiux, author of Dure et Us Dieux—God and the ume of Critical Commentaries on St. Paul's Epistles,reader brief analysis impossible, let alone its compli- Cods. M, desMousseaux is knightly and noble, a. are also announced for American republication by W. to be the Ophir of Scripture. South of this the means are lirPt exhibited to the public, and-then dis- fuse to buy, waiting to see bottom. As to thaDahlak et Kebir, has been supposed by some authors coramittions to artists. The pictures obtained by thisior months to come. The best State and city bonds have shared in the depression. Moneyed men re-L. Draper of Andover, Mass. .—The expected " Autobiogniphy and Correspond- ians. Crossing the sea, Mr. von Heuglin mode a foi mation of a permanent public picture-gallery. Thebrokers now carrying stocks on a margin, it cannofcfer to buy on their own hook when the turning poinfe tjhort sojourn at Mocha, .whose exportation of amount of good accomplished by such an inconsiderable corned. When that happy moment'arrives, stockscoii'ee since the English took possession of Aden expenditure will be very great. will mount upward as on wings of eagles, Bufe Hogarth's best but least known pictures, ''The. hue diminished by eighty per cent. The transportation —rMr. Schaus has received a painting by Prof. Van meantime, this political panic, is working its fullence of Mrs. (Thrale) PioK/.i," soon to be issued by Mr. Bentley, will contain four engravings from one ofHouse officials. The island of Majun or Perim is de-is called "Cinderella," but the heroine of the glassis very dull. At one machine shop whose wares are sold only iu the South, they told me yesteiday they were taking on more hand«, but at others the fetoiy is that some are being discharged. The plainiiibed by the Gei man traveler as lying at /the narrow- slipper is a subordinate figure in the composition. Sheest part of the Straits of Bah-cl-Mundeb, and command- is a vapory figure sitting in the chimney corner, whileing the commerce of .the Red' Sea. By the exertions her haughty sisters, in their best bibs and tuckers, ur-•oi England it isfast becoming a second .Gibraltar. Toe n.ycd for the prince's ball, with their' dressing maid, truth is that, people are frightened, nothurt.. The De-i:nd the North African ranges on the west. On tiie 19tiiis nothing; you might look at it forever without receiv-of September Mr. von Heuglin dropped anchor in the ing an emotion, or your feelings being disturbed by aharbor of Tedjnra, the capital of Adail, whence he ripple; but the exquisitely delicate imitation of silk's,pursued hie journey, across the country of the barbar-ous Somali, to Khartoum. His pleasing narrative and frivolous when compared with the rough," coarse, calling on him to give some sign or tokeu, a word abounds in descriptions of.Greek, Roman, and Arabic handling of pictures like Uiut of Peele's, which we have only, of his intention to do the"very justice which,population of the towns which he visited, and of the soul with emotions of love and tenderness and makes tain knowledge, have the ear and full confidence ofcharacter of the .difi'erent races which frequent the you foige.t the hard-featured and sharp-angled cir- Mr. Buchanan, told me the other day not to sell mont, the Rev. Mr. Gleig, and Mr. Yonge, Lie'ut.-Col." shores of the Red Sea. In natural history, topography, cumstances of your daily life. Pictures are of little stocks—that things would come right sooner thanEdwardHumleyisjustbringingout''TheCareerof Wellington, a Military and Political Summary." Col. Humley posKeKBes qualities as a writer, that rarely meet in one person, as many who have laughed over his" Lady Lee"s Courtship," or studied professionally his " Siege of Sebustopol," can testify, and an interesting and graphic summing, up of the Iron Duke's servicesmay be expected from him. '•-.—Persons who are attracted by a euphonious titlewill find a world of, promise in Mossiv. Edmonstone &Doiigh.s's new book, Scann, S%ent'a-ckdun Gaidoi- have been lately issued. One of them contains a nar- Angelo. There is a very good reason for this prefer- lack, which a second title condeecends to inform the. rative by Dr. Barth of a journey which that distin- ence for small pictures. They can be hung up and dis-" will find it marked throughout with the stamp of Tiivulce de Belgioioso, rather • enthusiastic than illiterate reader really means, in Gaelic, nothing more gusl cd traveler made in LS'oH, from Trebizond through played to good advantage in the small apartments of CT.ns, h.-jve since gone over to the Democracy, turn ••* a pure soul, a noble nature, and a superior iutel- argumentative; Documents ct Pieces Autftentiqucs alarming ..than "Popular Traditions of the Western the northern portion of Asia Minor to Scutari. Beside our dwelling-houses, while large pictures cannot be, cut in their parades, aud iliuminute their houses'* lect. I t provokes meditation on the highest —Documents and authentic writings left by Dan- *' themes, it elevates our hearts aud strengthens iel Mania, translated into French and anno- **ourhcpe8." tated in 2 vols., 8vo; a complement to • Henri Marlin's Life of the President of the Venetian Monsieur U ComW dc Montalernbtrt is perhaps Republic, the best and greatest that modern Italy,tlie first orator in France. It is pity he had not not to say the cotemporaneous world, has produced; studied for the Church; he would have a place to Deux Jeunts t'illes Lettrcs—TwoLiteraryish Young speak in, and would successfully dispute the prize of Ladies, two Chinese porcelain blue-stockings, one French cotemporaaeous pulpit eloquence with of the standard Chinese novels, a Chinese curiosity Father Lacordaire. No longer having access to the with a learned and entertaining preface by the tribune, shut out even from the Legislative Body, translator, Stanislas Julien, acaderiucian and Pro-where his indomitable courage broke through the fessor of Chinese Language and Literature in the restraints imposed on and accepted by nearly all School of Living Eastern Languages.its members, in a way.to shame them and alarm Jumping now many books that should not be leftHighlands of Scotland, orally collected, 'with a Trans- lation," by J. Campbell. Some' interesting gleanings from the field of Polk Lore may be looked for,' an, in spite of all that has been written on the Ossian contro- versy, there has been surprisingly little recurrence to the main source of information, the people themselves, and the subject has been'debated rather from the pre- pOBSeEsioBS of the combatants, than with any personal and acc»rate knowledge of tacts.The contrasts of some of Uie prices exhibit a caprice when the said parades pass by. But the compensa- the iiterestmg topographical description of the route of taste in the purchasers for which it, would be diffi- tion for some of this shame at losing Pennington traversed; Dr. Barth gives much novel archaeological cult to account in a satisfactory maimer. Page's copy comes unexpectedly from Delaware. W e know information concerning Uie ancient Pontus, Cappadocia, cf Titian's portrait of, the Duke d'Urbino, said to be so that change was going on among her people, and Gabltia and.Phrygia. The other brochure, which, like though we hoped tor much, yet we have done better.the one just mentioned, is .illustrated with maps by like the superb original that it could n#t bedisUn-. Iu 1K;G, Delaware gave Fremont only 308 votes,Petermann, is the account'of a journey across the An- des by Von Techudi, whose works on Peru have been widely circulated, also performed. m.L858i Starting from Cordova, in the. Argentine Confederation, the au-opportunity soon to occur for-securing a relic of. Scotia's Pedro de Atucoma to Cobija, a Bolivian -portonjthe those by Mount' and Uie landscapes by Cole, The and more than 2,'J00 from the old party. Here is &" Dance. of the Haymakers," by the- former, brought momentum which must be irresistible within the $4:;0/iaid was purchased by Mr. WulcoU, and the next four years, unless lost by misgovernment iiihigh places. As it is, this People's party have " Mouniuin Herd," by the hitter, at$875. Mr. Forrest elected Fisher to Congress, knowing that he wouldpurchasedAlBton'B"Katharineand•Petruchio"at$640, thereact^ithMr.Lincoln. Whereverschools dox that used to distinguish him among illustrious or- ago, and interrupted at the request of- the Papal " Scots wha hue with Wallace bled," and the originals ported number of these phenomena from the earliest and Page's;portrait of Bryant. The entire solo amount- have been extensively planted, the Democracy di^darling .son. On December 19, Messrs. Pattoch & Pacific. •of books of the late Etienne Quatremere, moon, light, heat, the magnetic currents of the earthoneshantywastobeseen,butthelateTehuantepco his "Personal Mrmoirs of Lord Bacon" to Messrs. Tnuisit Company afterward erected sbine buildings,ElliotisUielutVice-Preside:!:,Mr.V.CoilyertheSec- Broadbeut,whodrovethe,contract,throughthe legislature, now threatens to show up the dark se-retary, and Mr.. J, M. Pakoner Uie Treasurer. As crets of that engineering. France now cautions altpersons against receiving or negotiating the following p-iomissoiy notes, signed in the name of France* Broadbeut & Co., or K. France & Co.: .yemiy subscription, it wUl not require a very largenumber of members, nor a very long time, to accumu-late a very yoUsideiable fund. If a work coutnb-nted -Ml for more than #100, the excess is.paid to or other notes or.obligations of any kind dated priorTicknor & Fields, who will issue the interest ing work simultaneously with ii« appearance iu England. The new and precious letters which Mr. Dixon has dis-which are now: fust falling into' decay. The • Mexican every member on subscribing to the constitution has tocovered in a famous old baronial residence, near • Lon- diei's; but there is, unfortunately, nothing to be ou- don, will be of great 'importance ,in. forming a just, terea. -The wagon road, built by the Tehuantepe'cestimate of Bacon's domestic character. • Some of Railroad CompanyTrbm.Veuto.Bit, on tho Pacilic to aI <k(<sl Jan; 22, 18*9, at two y^ar*."for.....-..*l6,M0 Xditted Jau. n, 18W, »t two yearn, for 1000 1 dated Jan. 21, 1859, at two y«ari, for.. 7.W0these letters were written to his mother, many to hisbrother Anthony, not a few to Sir Robert Cecil, and prairie mid rolling country, of promising' agriculturalUie artist contributing it. Members of the fund inalthough **•» free Church in a free State is hia ideal Mutter," £Jvols., &.c., The prices generallji' realized spondence of Lady Bacon is also most valuable. All between Uio two points in an air line is 135 miles. ble provisions, as well as Uieir orphans and Widows. Stephen Gerard's estate furnishes as much ailUntitled Documentpoint near Miniti^an on the Atlantic, passes over avelvets, and jewels is wonderful. But such art is pooryear, Under the direction of Edouard Charton. The taste for art. Tlic r< ally good paintings hardly brought ting Fusion to succeed. Both events were soro object of the new periodical is to give popular-ac- the cost of their frames; but the " little bits" of land- grievances, over which the Democracy rejoicedcounts of late voyages. Several well-known membersof the French Geographical Society ore among its-con- cost the original owner. Our artists should profit by now the contrary way, New-Jersey having turnedup with four votes Tor Lincoln. As to the Bell party in that regiou, they now see how completely they were used by the Democracy, and how etfect- mdly th> y were sold, ako at the cheapest possible pi ice. Their leaders, ouce Whigs and then Ameri-tributors. • ••'.—Two extra numbers of Petermann's MUthcihingcnthe hint and paint little bits, instead of'ambiiioiialy striving to walk in the footsteps of Raphael and Michael• .< r ; .-....-_,> : ,V; •<* *.-fcapes and figures sold for a good deal inore than they boisterously, for a time at least. But the laugh isguifthed from it,. sold for $55, while a little colorlessminiature oil painting of-Henry Clay brought $75.TLe copy of Titian must have cost at least $500, whilethe miniature of Clay 'did not cost more than $50.. more than the vote of lb.'>0. Thus the People's "Ihe pictures which brought the highest prices were party there have gained the whole of this increase,—The Artists' Fund Society is the name'of a highlyfigure, illustrative of Hood's Song of the Shirt,tho College. The bill covers 49 priuted pages, andi dcuie« that tho city iu able to esj&cute the proviiiooj1—Mr. Edwin White has contributed a very nice lit-,—Mr. George L. Brown has commenced a pkioregiven by journalists who certainly know that theywhile Buchanan ami Fillmore received 14,179. But now Lincoln 1ms polled a.Btff., while all others have only 1*,;#6, the total being 10,0(51, or only 1,47(5,»• do..d« •.. *.* iM*?m&m*,:Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com+m^ - " ^" -.JLjiA^,^' •.>'.''••• ••"^j^LaJ'W »^:/t« .**<:. >. 