 _ fItransportsiLTCommissions on sales la In the colonies 4 per cent In- terest on advances 5 per cent per annum. The firm to advance the Government half a miUlon of dol-laI therefore,Nee-e-ga-tathecarriagei^be IKtm-^imcH^mtSf gmabttg, lanttarg lo, i860.^A^^^^Ip OB Oa dMoUar for noM wMka pui, bat BOthlsf (h* BiWimiUB,/%4e bate UtBrally "nothing to flidtr steamer alongside ofIL ^nea4he steamer left, ijifcthBa*Teniaeata(ooddealortnable. 8ey<nl <•»: they do this «ad« aelor'*aat it ianm HBW FVBUGATMnm.ooBM of It, asd tke FoUm wiatt avaimiTeftae w««r.» tbapUaswas (UedbyptrUas wnuaomlaMtt^hm^fm^mnwtimn&nit tlianalhersteaiaerahonllantfKKfl^paai^eaarWBooalan hare takw plaaa MtwaM thcat ao<:fta Beeeomy ta potoot IhHiIniimmt.eplaod* ia ta- ThsAn Euien eenctpoBdaiit liMlBf pnamlcm'''''''' MB /apan, dlnetr-M cUlOBer fbui^ thtl bark paay. On tha zrth, a ttaamer btfbg denied, abe waf Boslsew the preoedlarfartaltkt had beta pntty ,Mmiifth* iMQivcaerof J«ar A.Wimn«»ina Owrnm*, aad th^ WtmiirliHar «lth a supposed to be the AtUmtit, aort the Teeaab were Mr. Tba Chlllaa ttlp JTotia* Ceesna hod aitirwlfrom Nei^York, with a fbll Aoerleaa aargo, wtilchdoubt moeh whrthwaot Bwna, of th* £<4f«r, kare oSopented n hand- are goesFloor has declined, the price being now $3 38 to shoot even a aquaw, espacUUy if he was chasing ooe$3 03 per qatntsl, six months credit Barley main- of these Bkountafo tribes. Tbet^MWGoremor, LtfHAit, because the latter hastn4tta temerity to prefer that the choice should fallnfoa Qanetal Dxktxs, or some other candidate than of Fairs" for this object ^but, somehow, people are tlw CoQeetor. The organ threatens the Goremor-withatenibtoTeageanoeifheshalldaretoexerthisJxiilueace and patronage to aifect the result.are on the coast of Nicaragua, the former off San Juan del Norte, and one of the other ships off the Colorado River. The Jamalaum, I hear, has beenthe proper mo«t important series of volumes. Itraflles," which, We axe all a good deal puzzled here to icnow what although against the law of the State, seem to be a Uie JVotioiuir^ advocacy of WisHisaTOM'a claims fevorlte method of working off such articles at what iiihan4 That paper is supposed to be special repre- would naturally be supposed very high prices. It's a (AtaMT^of Dr. Gwdt, whose reflection it is generally a great bore to go to an af-fair of this kind, and be ooaeedcct would be impossible If Washixotos suc- " bored" to death to buy tickets In the raffles, and ceeds now. Why then does the organ support the very often the articles are so Inappropriate and use' biter, maldog hia claims its daily theme ? • less, one Is fearful of drawing them. The same Y tUB^ Got. Wxllix's (riendi are a little dUhearten- church not long since gave a ball In aid of the fund. eifat flMproenecta for the Senatorship. Gen. Dct- Raffles and balls for the purpose of raising funds to T^ avpeanrto hare gained a good deal of strength of build a church is a method of raising the wind that but in these days, I belicret it Is allowed that the end jnstl- be made early in January, bat the struggle In caucus Ses the means, no matter what they may be. The proceeds of the Fair in this case were atwut 1 1,000— loss by six thousand than was anticipated, and some ttiljty or forty thousand less than the sum required to build the church. The great question Is, where is thepassed off San Juan del Norte and Its vicinity. The opinions of the present rulers of the State, It is not BArou'B arrival at the city, several of the army offi-United States fiag ship Roanoke ex^iects to go up to Por- generally believed that President Ospisi will Interfere cers, with their uaual hospitality, invited iilm to visit Historical and Statistical GaseUeer Ifem- to Bello, to-morrow, to fill up her water, the Panama by force against the new State Government. them at their camp, but since he has acted so badly, of Railroad baviog notified the Flag Officer that the de- Ex- President Rcblxs, of Ecuador, who I told you every one of them, so far as I knowi has withdrawn yorA:,accompanied by a map upon the largeet scalarlate, aal C<d. & W. Inex also haa many friends. Itwould have shocked our great-grandmothers;alludestotherecentMormonli.aBlidpatedAraerleaBB Tbe Currency Tronble—Tbe "Japaneee EmbBasy-liCIter from Olr. Harrla.By way of .San Francisco, we receive Japan news to the middle of November.Some of the crew of the United States frigate Pow- katan, who were ashore on liberty, had a fight with some Japanese, and during the melie a Japanese was killed. This has created quite a feeling against the Americans, and the commander of the Pou^ataa is:«that an attempt to elect a Senator wUIThe Japanese Commissioners are now expected to arrive at Panama In the United States steam-frigate Poukatan, about the last of Apri'. They are then to be transferred to the United States Flagship Roanoke, Flag-OfEer McClcsst, who has orders to convey them to New- York. The Roanoke will probably make the passage In about fifteen days, frem here.FRQn SOUTH A9IERICA.Tbc War betweea Eenader aad Pern—Freel*Dlsmrbances Between the Japanese and passage— following mild termsoutrages In theIsllhely to be a long and severe one, and there is daawor that the election may be postponed until next year, aKhongh I do not apprehend that result.Dufrorintgbethmeosptast yeahratvhe bienheanbitants of thaisadTerri-tory, part peacefully pro- and is believed to lie muchnine are strong symptoms of the reunion of theDaoglaa aad Admlnistntlou Democracy in this State.TlM KaryaTUie Democrat, the leading Douglas paperof California, betrays an ineliaatlon to drop the per-ccaal contest respectlBg the claims of candi- of the French army, and it is said that Gio. F. Knox,fitably employed in their various occupatiens. But Iregret to tie obliged to sta.e that this city and the vil-lage o( Fairfield, near Camp Floyd, within the mill-tuy Reserve, have been the scenes of many murdersand other acts of violence, the perpetrators of whteh ties and towns, but it gives also the location of havefled,andthuseludedjustice.dataa, paerioas to the appointment of Delegates to theChadeaMa CoBvention. If the Union is effected, it steamer, for the purpose of obtaining uniforms aad of wilt be 190B the plea by the Douglas men that they studying the habits, manners and customs of this hope to get control of the organisation—of whichthby have as much chance as Bremen has of takingJVaice.— dent Caetiila Anxioas t« |co Home AnSen. Jaim A. McDocqaix, formerly a Member ofCoBgnaa from this State, received the rite of confirma- quietly walking off wllh their, booty. Whether the tidn, and nnited with the Episcopal Chuich on last company to be raised here will follow In the foot- Sabbath. The General is a candidate for the United steps of their illustrious predecessors remains to be Statea Senate, without the ghost of a chance for su:- seen. It is not to be supposed for a moment that their:State, showing streets and their namsa, and wardsand tlieir numbers; a Meteoro'ofical Map of thece^ The greatest sins of his life, probably, were the lose oflbe Pacific Railroad bill in Congress by his im-courage will fail them, or that they will be cbieken- bt-arted about it. All the bald-headed men are ex-By the British mail steamship Bogota, v/liich ar- riveil at Panr.ma Dec. 20, we have ilatcs from Valpa- raisotoDec.1,andfromCallaoandLimatothe13th.mT**vttn ally advised that the Federal J udges have virtuallyctisapproved o( this construction of the Organic Act,as indicated in this action of the Lesrislatire Assem-bly, yet I am not aware that any case has come beforethe6C officers in such form as to elicit a decision upon showing the Geology of the State, according ta its merits, so as to establish a legal principle. I would the New-York systemand a nearly unconquerable love of oldBaart>oa. The former of these ruined his politicalfoi^tnnes,-and the latter has shattered his phjrsicalsystem, so that it Is but the wreck of his former self. the matter of tumKiuts," As there has been plenty toDearSiawe have by me this morning, in answer, I have to state thatpr^ence,tojoin. Savesshavinggoodheads.Just about these days the Medical Farulty of this As:l>«i»-thlfUl eaigo of JapaMM haejr t^a, iaportid eqress-llahed Infrom theUs eomaqoaot iMMBtrts exacots > nlM dMd totk* MoBBt TanOBMtMe, Kn. Bumna. Tlce-RagantJor tfela Mate, aftte rnod, for wtdcb Ebwibb STmni nlty, for tha bo Idayi. The OwMmr* and Bmma't car-of nut-oil, rice, and could find no one to take his lines to theircoiupueed principally fastenings,Oeifc Hsaair, with all i^FhllwMpUa,pen «f mdlywlfhaTlaw<BA«:«p«Bts ^T Iha Jorealle comma-mlsBisaaheadof theAt- soldatgoodprices, the biawaMrtinga. energy,coulddnteo*dftl*bl(Boaatostenooghto Gbdhd,EM].,.eDtlded''Thoti(fata parUeolailytains lu price of $2 62 (he fasega, as the crop will l>e of^BHr^ialWBO^rrradfb^adricotrfiwwiiwlidoniiii** Celestials,whoanveryfondofIt,andItwflldouM- untiltheCaptainofoneofTA^nxasiLT'scoalvessels short OnaccountoftlieIndiandifflcultieathework- xiagto Hy imiiiaiiliaf owMloriw.. TVs rnmor leaa pay a handsome profit. The Onward and Pagt did him that service. As to whether TAansssaT's ing of the coal mines at Lota and Coronet is nearly suspended, which is having a bad effect upon theqoestioa may arise, wberedo tbey get their eanaooT for It is not gea-MaMl|,agaB« oat wlik • eaid deojrlaf tka prabatillltr plcUad seaweed, the latter an artiele of diet for the Jthoagh there were a hundred peisons oa the wharf,embodies a mora compact and liirttBUl of artillery and about two found in any other quntar niMa oar \miak-^—I <w<| uitiwty b»ay. Dtfioi 5ad|«iastobe were fitted out and sailed within a day of each other, steamers will keep poss:;sslon, now that paUHpMHlP W»«<d, Mt «i«r«(1«r Uttte blth. Oat and It was supposed both veesels were bound for car- It, remains to be seen.last Summer tenhundred Sbarpe's rifiea, yet soeh isgoes soltable lor the hoUdays. Much interest was mTlKSCifi- MoMkMMI^ Box at (ka Po^OOoe. felt in the race, and bets were made on the relativeone wha morethanamilliondollan, haabeeaamongWalia*a a mssMin M^Jirtnii that moamneiits an aand time boih vessels would make. The On-thefact,anatheafidayttofformed and ablest stndenU of Tta eniTCDtUatair.fpeod InuntBt.wp«|flaBi.tho^tt^n«taranenrto-bteraeted. Kantsailedontlie 3dofSeptember,andthePageonWarUthe eaitealtaddtattflte- •nstamutfimt^ltiamdptMmaehasablfmo- theSththe former vessel anchored in Kaaagawa OBA^Dr. Ball were chartered to take gnsno irom flie Cbinclias to was once lost In the White Mountains of New Hamp- Hampton Roads, at $15. The Br«mea ahip Ptora shire, In Winter, and came sear losing his life. takes ores Irom Caldera, aad wool to Boston, for $16. F. W. R. Freights to European ports ftom £3 to £3 7a. 6d,footing upforwarded to Washington. Whatrecent Italiantreatise,—which opens by a historical eUtemOBt of;TT aaj^yll, waa eonalraeted here—made her lint trial- here on the 18th December—iO days. The Pagt lefttUfak•ihL'"XhiaTnpowndspreaaoreofsteam. ontlieISth,aadneversawasailuntilshecameInduced by exposure to the drenching rains.movemeot tlieae preparations foreshadow, it is almost Imposdble to conjecture, but it certainly cannot be that they Intend again waging war against tha United States : they willlar riasa tnm the jaw aodn.ttia fittoeps of a bungllDgthe caoses which led to the crioia, thement of political events in tha aararal codUikntf'i tbe Continent, and the motives which indnead tlMon the 19th—forty-two hours after the OawarA Both vesaels loaded with TWWt^ili TlMili ti Htm tnt Callfcrnla-tniflt all possible dlspateh. Hie Omixint sailed for Oormamieai Itttaam—tat emy iach of her, machine- San Franciaco on tlie 8th November, aad anivedthe 17th October, and thedevala^Clans " will be on hand, and li is expected will go in largely. The display will doubtless bo very hand- some, as it will consist of many rare and beautiful ar-BOLIVAR.Mr. Cass to agree to a tonnage tax, to be assessed on The revolution in the State of Bolivar, by which denunciations of the Bformons, and took the trouble faniiliar with the rather complicated aabject ofelceted Speaker. Gov. Roop delivered an inau-guiat kddress. Several spirited resolutions were carriage, in slap-up style." There's no place, per- ate the country with Gen. Fsasoo, who is at the headbytaxation oftheCostly CharcheaMproperty.paaaed, and a Committee of three were appointed to drill a memorial to Congress to eipediie the forma- tion of the new Territory. The Legislature then ad-haps, where doctors get such enormous "fees," and no of from 2,000 to 3,000 la Guayaquil, but whose powerI am, Sir, yotir obedient servantTOWN SEND H.VRRIS.To C. H. Smitu, Esq., bark Onmoni.scriptions of location and present condition ofevery city, village, hamlet, neighborhood, and lo-journed,•<:^«^an"ans^al Speetaele—Japaaeae Inperta-'riiaBa—AChurchFair—A.CarpaofZoaavaafFaahae SIItct. I— mIn the intcilor, Gabcia Mospko, the chief of the tri- umvirate th-\t rules at Quito, bad attacked the Francoredin Yedo which the United States sur- Bay, (luring^JpTom OoT Own Oorrespondsnt..1tliowed kindness to the emmeut greatshipwreckedB. Lippur- the occiput We become converted, not to holinesa, COTT & Co., of Phil-idelrhia. It is irepared by W-xoute"_forReservation, being the accu- campaigningpublished trySi^ch werfi laenaboriginesopenof January Lcxt as provided for in the treaty of Yedo.How far It may be wise to encourage the rich—the,publishCALIFORNIA 008SIP.cute him,iftlieRussiansTUty^aifI dotft UM^Iiatl would say tmea, to It ;season, and have had a grand time in inaugurating a statue ofai.'i literal v institution of any importaaco in thain abort, we bare had twoweeks of regularprocessionsOf course President Castilla, in imita- tionofPresidentMonrr,ofChili,willhavehissoldiersfifteen of any one article of merchandise per piculsIhc Unuaid had fortunately purchised hersiggbiIndian Summer, all on account, I presume, of a lot of fivohnadred Indians that were sent down here " enofCongress.aie Mendocinomulation of Gen. KiBBi, who has been:up .eoontiy fat alx monthscaagai Mai Melggs' Wharf, for severalwere en-who succeed- United States, have been awarded the agency forwhUe them tonever they didn't own an entire suite of clothes amqs^thqa. Half naked and half starved, and muchprovesgrand.coachman In livery should rein up the sorreU, aad  PicturesfromOur Sumnerthe History of the Swiss, andthe anemia were their fntore home.bar, anchorage.ofare issued of Boston—bothBkowv, Ta«-behig prepared to a mUerable lot of wretcheddont like us overmuch nohow, and fancy to pay us off for old scores.House, Chase,by entertainiagcuilptiiy »tre ofaf Got.appointedequal—the church and the grave-yard.jAs soon as tbe are completed, a fashionable-the upper-class folk to build costly a neat and well-written Life of Lafayette for thapast. They days,ofed the Messrs. Bassida, in the guano agency for the*lining;, question expense smelting. th' any coin excejit Jap-^nese, it wag a'mo.st impossiblelive of stock, agricultural products, ic,TisloBai TerritorialGovemment orNevada Territory, weather very co'id, and little doing in thebel)a*ing it 10 be the vrtsh of the people still to relvMtxn the sense of justice of Congress, and that it wiUIbis Ecsslnn relieve us from the numerous evils to selling in the claims being worked, for fromIbey know Feahco sell them and theirandEsPATfToso have been trying tostated, threatened to take possession of it Uponand seek the of simi- companionshipness man.The fifth Tolume of Ihmilton'sf .f 4ha Legiflatore adjourned to the first Monday loas It is called. It lias been demonstrated that ono run- ning foot, 40 feet deep, (the depth to which Uiry havearms at Guayaquil. In Lima it is currently reportedthat President Castilla has written to his cabinet tofor this some of his dependents followedchurch aad its The magnificent appendages.Jaaaarr* Vf^ ul{bet7nitcd£Utes."degrad&ttnn, there committed the the RuBilans to Yoko-Hama, andcostlymusic must beoratorical, our manners comtly.; arid call upon all good citizens \a Rup- porlu with all their energies, the laws and Govemmsntthe recherche and operatic, preachingsmelting it pablic Treasnrr- We have a rumor hereby Orerland Mail and Tele- graph that the Pacific Kail Company baye sold oatroot and branch to TAniamu. If sohave mercy on u«. It was bad enough when they» " Thepast two weeks have been perfectly splendid, conscience." I believe the entire cotr.raunity woijldbutUany dare hint toslay that this was not the greaicat country and the finest climate hi theturningthe foods iato thenA t^&illuisliotildlady, by birth aknown world, 1 really believe that, In N.:w-York "be,the Lord-l m^"; 'e>rcls wei'- irugatjarlr.lance,Ishould sailin"anddohimseriousforCl.lna with fish, scneed. Ac. Coverumeni seemed yond their means-andbeaOtBul sunshiny days, and suchgrand moonlightUnited Statessys'.em of public meetings, clubs and way of trade, and a few days before the Omcard left,were special favotites during the hoUdaja, b«t their value by no means daperted with the saaBOM.They are exceedingly amusing and instroctiva, aal are among the best books of their class ever is-par-her fine acting.wise, which is -lo diradvantace to her in Lima.•andourdifferent color in the afternoon, before a hanlsome "tithingof each and town in the countywith de-poor man can afi'ord the luxury of having his legs sawnoj-. Bydoes not extend beyondthat and theneighboringin the State, with summaries ofof architec- nativities, protessions and occupations, acres ofaeaoplMr^^teTeaaaiaaa-^ Truly, It wB i*igtiiitl,— Boxen. ^A litflemoved foe herAkrth Mb-, wUch wasUmtie. The farmer made for the b^rtli. CapUJoKss.;bat the ttetaltfappeaiagto be thetheyschooner Navtilu; to explore for gold mines in Chl- Stetea. sold at $15 to $15 50, on board. Nitrate of rlqul, died In the vicinity of the Fort about two weeks soda, $2 to $2 25. Lumber is icaroe and wanted. la since. IbelieveliisdeathwastheresultoffeverIn- freights,theAmericanahlpe/.If.Broakwt*»andJuliet;theyUr.OBinn> haalongbeen kaown froBi UacoMil^1m.U miles aa, hoiir< But as she Is capable over the Bar, when she ipoke the Onieor^ and an-olahaadofSO pounds, verj creditable speed Isex- chored in the harbor at the same moment, making theD*adedofher. anddeUdoas.passagein33days,beatingtheOmsoritwohoarsinsiderableexcitemeatamongUnitedStatesofficersattheheadof10,000men,aftergainingavictoryoverterlng,andtakebyconquestsomeoneoftlieialanda policyha~bw waaflMr oonilsnea balmy, genial2fo aaad of £j«s, and not a drop of rain for more than amaoth. X ha'e sot seen a "cold In the bead," bMidlall of an loSsieaza, nor canfht the soaod of a I ihgh" TiTilTTr semet>ai>7 baa liniwited one from the"WhgrTOurUfelan- felt by the public to see the latter imporiatioo, and x^MMfWoM petpataata tbete twiadle of charging Jia WAnrvaiasT, who has charge of the sale, aaWba eae par eent. npon tbelr CaUCixnia Insurers, says she will be presented In due form ass*an|cdnotified the New-Granadlan Postmaater here to byFrom Buenos Ayrea the news is important Gen, changeU derqtad ta a consideration of tkatrue for the TTnitad Statea to in pursueherintercourse with foreign Fmrara.Mr.Gsinaoholds the oasieyiaars subetantlaUya sedan chair or two, and last, not least, £«t^irtUaIUM«feMBhatak MaB^rapa," or holes aceonllBg to the advertisement, " a genuine preserved IB fta p***""!! of tha ddewalks, ara the OBly derlee menaaid." Asa matter of course, gnat curiosity isbyAyresfi>MltfHii~'" ""*the arri- val of every steamer, be immediately deliv-the run over, and seven days on the return passage*and seamen, and an expression of general dissatisfac- tion from the officers and seamen of United StatesGeneralpublished, marched upon the Capital, where he wasa(<;acent io the United Statea, and there establish aThe Pagt has a large quantity of sisting of lacquered and Inlaid ware,acails, silks, laoqoered and Inlaider^ies, cablaets|•*Miraa,met a Committee of theyou and analreadypunch-bowls,con- poroelaio, toysnewfancy goods,den,'under a framed to suit tiielr governmentthe United States Consnlate, wUch has caused con-UaqtnzA,who entered theterritoryof BuenosAyrestoward them, to quit tbe country, commence filUbus- chapteraUttiial death is tha last thing a msa thinks of do-li^ikamarrdaBd a patent shaTe. However, whentub pfaauai generation of fools who hare paid thewMlahavegoneunder,therewillbenomorecom- ticlesneverbeforeseeninth!scity. Ourtradewith bepossiblethatGen.HxaaAShasthushoneyfugled finallyended,bythedefeatoftheonlyCalvoforce repugnant; andwhenanarmyofficerwouldgoto tionwhichcanbecomparedwithitfaroabstaatia' pftloL The next generation will be wiser than to Japan will undoubtedly become very important In the the American Cabinet t Has Gen. Cass agreed to as- In arms against it, under Gen. Posada. Posasa, as tbe city, he would closet him and exhibit hi» markM, value and interest in this respect. It is pobliahad slantfR. OLAUCU3.TBoit Asormcn cosajtsroTn>tST.Si> Faiiccisco, Tuesday, Dee. 20, 1839.'As the meeting of our Iiegislature approaches,ttv eontest orer the vacant Senatorship begins to wax goods exclusively.warm, and the friends of the score of candidates are The grand feature of the week past has been the beeomiag imprudently excited. The National, edited Fair at Musical Hall, for the purpose of raising funds In part liy a brother of oar Collector, B, F. Wishino- to build a chuich for the congregation of the present 90V, srho is a prominent candidate, and whose claUns Grace Church. Since Dr. Scott's congregation built ai^dally urgadin that ai>aetrl>as declared war against him a magnificent church at a cost of $100,010, manying an extensive Bazaar of Japanese and Chineseof the divines preaching in plainer edifices hare be-of the brethren that, if he would makerepresentatloDa at Washington, and procure the ad- in mission of Utah into the Union as a State, he should thecome ambitious to, rival him. and hence the frequency "—danger.The Constituent Assembly, under Nixto, presidedplaceabecoming surfeited, and do not seem to buy their waresasliberallyasformerly.Allofthemostex-— ordered to the United Statespensive articles are disposed of byunconstitutional,unpleasant one, from the fact that most of it was several new projects of law la consonance with the representatives for such a people '." On CoL SiAa- library.money to come from ?It is in contemplation here to raise a company of " Zouaves," after the model and pattern of that corpsAll communities are dishonored in proportion to the extent! n which crimes are committed with Im-school-houses, churches, mills, factories, post- offices, hamlets, villagee, lakes, pondt, atreanu,the Notary Public, will proceed to Paris by nextItshouldbereformed andIfthere ;andwonderful branch of the French service. I remember seeing, not long since, in Vxmek, or some similar sheet, an illustration of their diill and tactics. They htd charged on a hen-roost and had carrisd it, and wereterritorial treasury.location of any house or ia the State can pointbedisputed question jurisdlctioni maps on a uniform scale of all the cities in the'pcctcdCity seem to be inoculated with a spirit of rivalry la ";"Her cruize of two years has been a most arduous and NationalGovernmentandAmerican vessels at Aspinwall and Panama!Can it Nnro siezed the gubernatorial chair from Calvo, is to carefully read their statutes, and mark those most European poUtica. We know of no other paUiec-staple articles, although our market will not bear sist New-Granada in violating her own law of 1835, you know, after bis defeat at Corosal, fell upon Bar- .and read the notes he bad written thereon; by Ceilds & PmxsoK.It was almoFt impossible to get money changed by this steamer several tons of washed silver ore province.' Espaktoso, who was made Supreme Chief the Government for Japanese currency. They would at Guayaquil, with the hope that he might be able to only exehangc $50 per day lor each $l,00u offered,:calitypbpnltrfiaB,to the first Monday In January.Gov. Roar, in his proclamation adjoaming the will be shipped to New-York, with a view to test the make him President, hfcs resigned,' afterstyloof of Thisoreisnota" The recent discoveiies of gold, silver, copper and fair sample of the ore from the vein, as there is too pockets by despoiling merchants and the public do any business for a week before the Onward sailed.schools,morals and love. Do we not naturally aad insensibly the several cotmties and towns. The woik con-Xegislature, says :tomore important and difficult question ia the effect onlive according to our surroundings? Style, la any tains an index of subjects and one of geognphicallead minef, have caused an IbIux of popu Ution, |o- a Uon of talty unexpected at the time o( our late Conventwn. large propotil treas^iry. Cistilla's men begtn''to experience the Business at Nagasaki had entirely stopped on this ac- havdng bad effects of the hot, wet climate o Guayaquil, the countmixed withbeen carelessly and hastily cleaned, or divested of thein existence take that ;and wo shiU in for watch these new Institutions closely, and Introduce would have been obliged to return In ballast goreasons are not thermal reasonsquartzIt,r£i.ishavingsetin,andtheybeingbadlyshelteredIn TwoRussians(anavalofllcerandsaUor)weremur- sinew of California ; ol men who are dlsposedjoj^ay quartz Inclosing the ore in the vein where it is found. the open country. It was thought he would either dered in the main street at Yoka Kama, (adjoining all' dne obedience to laws, which er'end to tnwaSa The value will probably not exceed $2,000 per ton, be oi'liged at once to withdraw his army to Paita, in Kanagawa,) by some Japanese, a few weeks beforeoneprominentmatter,inducesasimilarstylein allnames,which,together,embraceover11,000ref-Tlynewtmmigraticaiscomposedoftheboo^'^hd TeftOBaMe notection under the circumstances. Butothers, so that if we reside in a grand house, we de- erences. As a work of ready refeienca, this iw.whereas other ore fromclaims in the same vein gives by actuul demonstra-tbe Onward arrived. Various confl'cting statementstu re is of great The book isowingto thisfact,adjoiningbition. AndweInwalk—do all things—inman also corresponds with its outer world, and we tions of the day, and will be indispensable as a not only "walk In an empty show," but become book of reference to, every professional and bnrf- ^'bigh-mlnded,"Council and House of Delegates kaTa asaambled in accordance with the call for theireieottoa.Now. therefore, I, Tsuc Roop, Governor of the Pro- The latest news from the mines represent the are very bitter against the Peruvian;, and now that one of tbe oortbem Japanese Islanos, and had, it isieH'iii 'ii oif theas near as we can ascertain, tbe facts are as followsthe most Taltiableawayancexlng ourselves to San Juan Island, Japan orAustralia. Therumorladoubtedyetcan't be true the Hail CTomoany have sold out. If itandfo* modem costly churches It is t>ecau8e rich and sued. Edilk Vaugkan's Story,to be so, there will be " a ferment" la this community, for the general opinion Is that VAKoxa-PODGERS. FSOBI THE ISTH.UU8I.Co.,Lima,«l»«M»^liiJ(*y"•«»whiskywasgiventothem,and gteoaiahlpTraableeatAsplawall—Deathofa months.inlieuofNee-e-ga-la,andduenoticewU!begivenof ures,piano-playing,novel-reading,street-promenad- byTiCKNOE4Co.,blendsthelessonsofhistoryah lnt nyBgNew Paatal Restric-its name and the date on which it will be opened.ing, refreshments, carriages and fast horses or; with the entertainment generally sought by thaleaa and.i^ilife., TbamDalhttsaadid a paying business " toting" people down that WW, to view the natives hi theirnativestate,which.meansaverynaturalstate. Asusual, tlie greatest numbers bent onChtriqal Baplarer— daao—NbtbI New^a.other specimens of animalFreights of guano are steady at $15 to the United States, and .:;3 to England, at which rate the B. Tkaf- er md Ckaruit of Fame are chartered for Hampton Roadsandorders.(Signed.)TO WNSEND HARRIS. Minister Residentwhether all the seats or staad-places m the churchtheir the genUer sex. The newspapersExchange on the United States, paid in theciated Bolivian currency, is from 22 to 25 per cent Importantnow inquire. Hence we end by aaylug, that God hasB. R. H.FROM NATURE. CsAaus Scaiasss, No. UiGrand-street.Tliis is a Tolnme, containing nsarlr large quartothirty beautiful drawhogs of wild flowera. Caafc eaagratifvingdepre-two where all are intended to 'De placesFromOurOvmOorrsspondeat. AsPiirwsLL, Sunday, Jan. 1, I860.FROMUI'AB.MoTemeats —— Newa. ConiBilnx Amydress may not level social InoquaUties, we cannot WILD FLOWERS DRAWN AND • COJLOREBThe Atlantic will be ofT atBpp^edto the public to contribute their old clothes morrow momlDg. She has only 254 passengers. The American gold, 25 per cent premium. English sov-Meaaa|;eand^diaisuptbt i„..i^ community, and the resultereigns ara rated at $5, with 20 per cent premium.Miaa<CBUla|[. Conductor, wKo is•was, vvhen they kh^30no new» from Bolivia. The whereabouts of Ex-Presl-ashortoriginalpoem. Thadiawvodds ud ends that dldntdaysafteryou get^is.Thedrnt not seem to be Ecksaiqcidocsthe^^^^_ j^^ ^^y, ,„y^ ,gma on theNew-York hi about twomails for California did not leave Panaou till the 29th December, two days after the North Star anived here, as the Unclt Sam had to wail lor the Darucl Wtitter, with the New-Orleans mails.Exchange on Englandpence per dollar.There isSknkx.thatis accompanied byimperious, cokiredf...positively known. It is leportod be Is on Peruvisn soil, where he expectswears golden manacles, and glories in a gollea cross TIs also the authoress ofpoems.„,;.cUy. It cannot be said savug,, „,There issome movement ofimport-ofa^lh^9»o«egentl.men overparticularhowto raise a revolutionary party .against Castilla.CHILLThis country seems to be more than ordinarilyevidently under considerationthe im- Tbe skirts of her ciiarity covered several adjacent lectlng ;hablllmenls ,paai^at ^ey put garment, ,0 ,iu„e different us<«anceamongthe Saintsbut the mosntaln sk^a, OB green river banks and the Mossomlag meadow. Tba"•^l". «^„b,.*rved as theyaiiiners, and, at her egress, she created a vacuum, if maculate BaiOBAH and his satellites constantly not a aeiiaation, and was followed by a whirlwind.enjoin the brethren .;^' to mind their own business,') ConucToa—Mto D. Ueanor, Sir.not the green-houae,drawlnga are exeented with great aootiraey,^i*a*«%.TA*J^r'«« '^S'"f* •l«»isned-for In-stance, an dd chief, who had fallpn kuir to a niAr of We—tranquil, and hopes are entertained that no serious snd"doas as* told." These are ominous in- Ssx. The who t Tbe one thatIs exquisite.We are Inlbrmed MtaTB MM***patUhghlsarfBsthroughtbelegi; aad a fair damsel'"of black hair like a horse's tail, was along encased in a pair of peg-tofi pants, uud athe old United States Ua'il Com- place. A new seaslon of Congress would be calledmanCos.—HerBsB.-But that neatfore tbe holidays were over, sad a Bew«»»boold sot then be iasued in time, as tbe laber an being P^DOHATIOH TO TBBBOBTOBwith' a "shookand oc<iu-early in December.Mist B. comely,strld^gthethe different railro&da lagirl, who poor and then looked so kindly at the mother thatformed a single pa««a byTsryclayjilfin stu^lt in- the band. Another fair damsel, anU&.l^aws^l^k order, was buttoned up to the chinI-<w, wi,o clalow it as peisooai property, aad the North Atlantic Company, who hold under tae Lawtricts, but in the north Otey will suffer much from a aercre droutThe Government haa granted a charter to a com-discooat aadUntitled Documentabundant supply of arms and ammunition,-It is rea-;Con.-That, Sir, iscess.gift for the holidays.]b a regulardered certain that somethlB| Is expected to prettyturn op soon. Tbe aetttemeats are evea advised toway abanglial surtoot, minus leevf^ the^ tails tniUing aOsr bar according to theclaim aad Haiirosd claim. Rosxars, it appears,Amw S. Coram.)Pl^>a<l8<««II,*'1'«^SSS "efJI^w^aitDia-Orixaha, with the mails, will probably arrive at Pana-From Oar Own Oorraspondent.Camp Floid, U. T., Wednesday, Dec. 14, 1859.—dlidainful, and hlghly-enunnented young lady, who ings have all beeii made andmorningof the 3d, and they will reachone The'idsawhahas been occupied bypany is now in dispute as to ownership panry, between three different parties, viz.The Deseret New and Afowitaiaeer have been forholdingin her arms the sickbaby. Bavitr,;people say iteach. Messrs. Zasacosiisoci &(Ifashionable and refined persons desire the place of their Sunday doings to be like their dally resideneea and avenues— Such would be ashamed that atake a iVow verrom,maydoor before an old-NicBots 4 Co.lars immediately, and another half a million la two suitable hirbor on the west of Niphon will be selected churches, ratAer than spend all the Sabbath in pleas- young. The Crusades and the Crusaders, issuedabout 3 o'clock to-Peru, or else endeavoreat,drink,dress,converse,toGuayaquil, in order to save his force from beingnow gone,)ment. However, but little will be done beforo Spring insist that be shall bring Ecuador to terms before he which Ihty decllnr d.eight tons of ore, which, atper ton, pays back a very good Interest on the Invest-aa Callfania Cllmate-Aa Ab> towards getting out ore, on account of the cold, and leaves.parel and kroldered iiair." We dress for church asprac'.Ical down, andAnd how sad the effect on the humbler say nothing about ne pojr.For whose tastes oc personsgives$4,000find some,excuse for recalling him to Peru—but theaiionalso offered' tothe impossibility of transporting it.When theroadsveying srhooner, i\nnimmc Coopir^ was driven on theionablestyle,whether becoming or grotesqueHamiltom's life.A Manual of Public Liirarics, In*litutiem$ ctid Socxtties, in the Ututed States aitd British -Yankee members would vote forclasses, tf a tcsa ls.»t are dressed out. or frozen ov:t, or fio.vned out of the stAte'.y Fho5* room of a magntfii.Tiil church as from saloon or The huiuHe are enticed to a needless wkste to iiva be-rycountries named.pursuits require a knowledge of such facts, ib» work will be of value.damage. had the monopoly. What will It be nowl-,;!i;i.o'-'loveWe are told of the eip"?nsc of the ancient Temple. But the Temple was typical and national—the wor- shipers Tall stood Ui a common court, and the people were axed according to their property. BejlJes,—M»mourn In sack coats and ashes at the idea of our being at the nveicy of one individual, who can leave us steamless at his pleasure. We are all right on" " the mall question as long as the Overland Mall isnot toThe voters ol Lima aad Callao have ailoptcd the determined to tbrfiw every obstacle possible in the and good works," but to a life of emulous pageantry. cbildrcn, published by the Afpi^btoss. Theyat from $250 to $5Reliable information has been received at this Le-gation, that tbe b -I'jor of Nee-e-ga-ta is not safe forthe report oi American vessels, as less than nine feetget poesesaion of the City oftime,tion over $4,000 to the ton, of gold and silver. decimated by disease. But the people of Ecuador The Russians had lately attempted to purchaseon that account•which we havr been subjecied.doproclaltn the session $800 to $1,000 per running foot. In the Walsh Claim, So It is qnite likely we shall yet hear of the shock of Yedo was degraded to the lowest rank. In revengeWe soonApply this acd other obvious reflections to thewayofprospectingShares wereout tovisitingcommonon account of which indignity some highlar exclusives.degenerateinto detestableHistory the United States haa the Appletoss. As our readers are aware, this is the title of adoubly hmeneed,fightinc" to the death."of the Rejntblic of been published bycountry and talk ofCastilla, they feel,who tlirew stones at them, Stc, people, official atpersons.ministers are not disoosed to enter Into his but views,by degradifintgAbout the 1st of October a violent hurricane occur-arefairlyopen,largequantitiesoforewillbesent partyatCoeaca,attheheadof300men,butafter beach,anlW35afi.srsfjrdscondemnedandsold co111 be if the chin soil is even sw sporteddown. "The Walsh Company send on by this steamer a b ork of the ore, weighing 200 aad odd pounds, for the Washington Monument, worth not less thaa;lives vere lost, ana Capt Baooxa- saved all his val-uable instruments and surveys. The Japanese Gov-goteejSsi Paucisco, Tuesday, Dec. 20, 18S9. $1,500. It Is to be hoped members of Ck>ngreas will " "InUmatheare themselves amusingcrew, ing not a dollar's worth was theoflicirs saythat singletiipciB when • man might abuse Califor- idar^idttaoUmata in aqr preaence wlthlmpunity, andthe usual and secular festivals of the religious.«tolen. They were provided With good qunrters, furnished w ith provisions, servants and mo .icy.but to a refined worldllnelt,Infinite Purity as the vices of the vulgar.J. Ri:kk.--, airinot take to prospecting about the monument. If there were a few more such blocks In It, the universalpeopleand Most of the crew were afterwards taken on boarj the Poio- katan, after her arrival from China. The officers and the balance of the crew will leave for tha Unitedaa odious ta really theembraces an account of lit>ra- everylosing 40 kll'. d and 60 wounded, in the streets of the town, was compelled to retire.PERU.sent! men to save everything possible, andalslea,save theturtle'shapedbonnetlna from pendantProvinces, has been published by J.withBOUVAX.Abutof Italian parentage, &I1m Oltvia Scoxocia, Is setthig the opara- goers of Lima crazy with her pure, delicate tones andyoungNew-Yorker,on the above on the 22d ofStales vessel, FebruaryShe Is very young, and pretty like- veryjcarco. Agcommendation of a seriesthe facta of whichhaveUa New-Y^orkandAspinwall—withtheexceptiontheConfederation.ACooventlonistobeconvokedthantenyeantheywillbeseventimeamoretrouble- oftheTims.HeregardshimashaTinfl.the whichit byis now required that all mall-matter between was come to,theme to predict that in less policy, which have been maintain^ in tbeveesels-of-war anchored in this Bay by ;views. If this really is their intention, agreemeat allowconcerningEmperor—of official coirespoodence shall, uponsomethantbe Piratesevervrere. AlgeitneCol. STAMBAoaB, the nowly-^pointed Surveyor-Gen-which Buenosto examine the National Constitution, and make such changesasmaybenecessary. Thehomeandforeignered to the Postmaster atwall are now charged by the United States with ten with his army within two weeks after the treaty is eylvania origin. I suppose when he received his ap-for dis- tribution. Single letters from New-York to Aspin.debt of Buenos Ayres la to b« recognized. A general and absolute amnesty la granted. Usquiza is to retireAspinwallpendence of Italy by all the meanswith the inteiesta of France. Be vindicatea Aamore than one cargo a year of fancy goods. which stipulates that tiiese ports shall be free for ranqulUa, a seaport, and took possession of It with sod for hours he would entertain themThe parties importing this cargo contemplate open- twenty years after there shall be a railroad or canal his 200 men, no defence having been made. Nixto's in talking about what terrible things he would do to volume of Colonel BirtOH'sopened, and also to violate its c6ntract with the Rail- force of about 400 men attacked Posada on the »th put an end to Mormon monstrosities ; but at the same Abridgement of road Company? If he has made any such agree- of December, and, after a bloody encounter, Posada time be cultivated the most intimate social rilaUcms the Debalet of Congress from 1789 to 18S$. ment, it Is to be hoped that the United States Senate surrendered to the foe, with all bis arms, ammunition, with the Mormons, and it has leaked out that by the This volume extends from the opening of will not lend its sanction to this dishonest conduct horses,&c. According to the official/eport, Posada lost last mall he wrote to the Prealdent, Informing him the session of 1832 to the cloee of that af and breach of good faith on the part of New- Granada. fifty three killed and sixteen wounded. Nixio's force tliat " the Mormons are the moat law-abiding and 1836, covering the important financial controrar-The United States frigate SaHne, Cspt. Asahs ; St. lost only four kllied, among which w^as Capt Axdrxs coustitutionsl people he ever saw." The induce- sies of that period. It is qnite unnecessary at thia Lomt, Com. Pooa, and Jamegtown^ Com. Ksn^xor, GoMiz, and sixteen wounded. Posada himself was ment to write such a letter is said to be the promise late day to aay anything in commendatioo of tUadangerously wounded, but it is said he is now out ofbad taken a bouse in Panama, to watch the issue of amand open them for water from their tanks Is so (be invitation, and expressed desire that all com.-great that they cannot possibly spare any. Besldea, events in his native country, has gone South. He munication ahall cease. RICHARD.^they have six months," dry season" ahead, and there avowed hia Intention to land in Ecuador at all haz-MESSAGE OF GOV. GUMMING.The message of Gkiv. CtmaiBO was delivered on the 12th December. It is very brief. The openingare six United States steamers per month requiring ards. watfr. Doubtless, In three months' time, they will allhavetogotoPortoBelloforwater.F. W. R. DIPORTANT FR09I JAPAN.of two chief Ambassadors, eighteen officials of vari- Among the passengers by the steamer of to-day do in their line lately, consequent upon the great pre- steamer brought $450,000 in specie, principally for ous ranks, and fifty attcLdants and servants ; in allgrants within tha'teorologicalcstablis'ied by the Regents ofAmerican Prima Donna at Llnaa—Festi* much blamed for allowing his men llt>erty under thedistinctly signsand the details are so full that the;—— Baslneaa and Freightscircumstances. A Chinaman was also murdered by the Japanese a few days before the Onward sailed.The Povkatan, Commander Tatsall, was at Ka-nagawa, and-was to take the Japanese Embassy tothe i;nited States on tbe 22d of February next Offi- regardTsda and Palinc<i(.'bile—The Ceantry Qalet—Markcta—The War betvreea the Confedcraulan and Bae-abling thera to arrest offenders, I would recommendthat an lation be made for their relief from the appropi—DOSAyree£Dded BaeaasAyreaRe«eBtersIn theGovernorto theofthe Confederation.From Onr Own Correspondent. PasAMA, Monday, Jan. 2, 1800.Act,did not touch atnotliing later from Ecuador than Dec. 5. Thethe BogotaGuayaquil,the Japanese Embassy will emoark for the UnitedStates on the 22d of next It will lOHslst Februaryand the boundaries, loca-wAl be Hon. J. J. Msssza, Delegate to Congress from valence oft scarlet-fever, they come out in grand England. The news is more meager than is usual, seventy persons. ItipnqxjaedTerritoryofNevada,whoproceedstostyle.Onedaysomeprominentphysicianappearstheoulyfactofany),-reatinterestbeing,thatBuenosIiTheEmoa^jywillp-oceedtoiPfanamaivtiatheSand-tlirtfugbthepromptactionofatribunalalwayspres- andsqcuoalroreedf.eet, ryhandsomelyWashington to org^e upon Congress the creation of EsU Territory.with a pair of " trotters" and a new wagon has submitted to the demands of the;engravedThe Gazetteer is an octave volume, closelyNEVADA.The first Legislature of the Squatter Sovereignty acember at Genoa, in Carson Valley. 0. H. Pizaso.t If being a pair of gray horses in the morning and awaspecimen•' Teirttoty of Nevada" organized on the 15th De- a few days several new establishments have appeared.a few Ayresdays later another emanates with a pair and a more Confederation.printed, of about 700 pages, and contains every-" stunning" carriage, generally drivine himself, withof colored society on his left but within ;ArgentineECUADOR.President Ca.'-tilla continues encamped, with hisarmy of about 0,000 men, about two miles from Guay- aquil, endeavoring to patch up some kind of an ar- rangement, whlchsliaU give him an excuse to evacu-.control v.'hatever over the route to be taken Ambassadors.thefund and other churchrelation to tne Mormons' deuancewere current as to the cause of this outrage, but, :amanner. Theinnerpndoe-murder.TheGovernment offeredthe Governor of YokcKllama, andwhich embodies tlie life aad work reallywritings of ALiXAiiDEB Haxiltob, prepared byhis son, of thia City. The present Tolnme brings for mfffmte and aaiWr, and go to exhlbltevery fash- the history down to the thirty-serenth year of—for liicapa. ble of producing a birbarine crop; and even woman be "uncovered" during the promenads along theinUieirapproachingelectionformembers anorderwasissuedthatnomerchantshouldselloverthe bayonet into the play, if the actors do uot perform their parts to his entire satisfaction. Voles are quotedMr. IlAUils had pMblished tbe following notice IroATiox OP TBX UxnsD Statis,Yedc. Oct 29, 18S9.spiritualreligiousand her colonies.QA&D &instructive; and CkosbtSpainSpain 3X per centand:will not be to American cllizena en the 1st dayhere on theunwhlKperal^es, which he had put on r.oit fashion noon of the 27th. You know that the wharf which dialurtance of the public peace will again take junctions to those acquainted with Mormon polity. with a sneer, nudged the firet to look at the poor wo- edition waa got out last year, but was adliaMad be-liad quite a little cTcitementafterthey other,giggled, andcoloringsome weeks advising all the settlements to organize atov^p^ hat on her head, crownlers, and three Vnitcd States Mall Company or its Trusttes ; Gasaos rapidly. The crops will be good in tbe Bontdem dis- themselves mto military companies, and procurecousin. Sir, inititted the movement towomanboth she and her babe smiled—who ia she ?Biake* n*transferred mfor the establishment of a ttaak of Issue; lo be called the Bank of ChilLHisvoBT—At the Bieetiacord •» evening last. It was annouooed;progressingtasteful make room for theJ^T"panydmbuetebejticcsfyof aUtboFlpta McFUmaeyia cf months since by the Ationlle Company riaalaj The Inuians In (as Province 9( Axanea contt&as (9 orgxof elate that aeveral of thea have alreadyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Ss«.— rh«is notTruly Bda»«amed. Bnt,h<ddlatesrs^'<»f|(Teal4weeplnf diessee.They willhis Interest in thelease, *c.,themselveswithc aaa aa,andHonaoBnp,s^ Jjtheto Dr. T. M. Hawis, oonUlcing 2°'».*r?oSl,u'»SeJ»a ocTviaiaaah*J.aBusaT, bnt It wasprbvideCoadoetor111 afhsre. step[BxU Old Fojle^violently;TswAT that the BcieBttflc P"«to Tiji- selied from hfaa a eoopleThework ou••«"'It makes a vaiT basatHU aad approprlaiapeople,peculiarYedo were Insulted by some of the theyJapaneserepar- desired,We seek not to beadorned with worts," but "with costly ap- "goodnextLacquered goodt. had rl.«pn Ica per rent., srIwerespecial Hooks for Cbildeem.—'We have already ex-of money on church dresses, Kanagawa, iloiog all aretemptedpressedheartyOfday, was or she cargo before this restiiction Imposed,found on tbeand the roadstead isof water isextremely dangerousgive Ibis fuiltc notice, that the harborasanthe footman open fashioned mectiag-house.requisite surveysA few were loading1 "'peacewitk- student of American hia. to the Navy-yard at over by Dr. Aiitokio sxl Rial, wAs Id session at Car- be their firtt Senator in Congrea*. It is also stated— tory debates of Congresa from tlie very origim Philadelphia; butshewillfirsttouchatAspUiwall. thagena.Ithadalreadydeclaredseverallawsofthe apparentlyongoodauthority-thatlikehonorsawait oftheGovernment,andmeetsawantnotothar-*«*diaa warfare vtcn^CluuHB are 1atRi<[aeed. I of3fi0dooiiediiiopB(at>aa reoaatir Immi p^erollyImportedpieces tha factcopper smelting ooncems. Copper, In ban, is qootod arrived at Zloa some tline in Augvit lait, and tion with joamalism and paity poUtica,—and tUahave gotDr. Biu, wlM came out to Bocsa del Tore on the at $I» 60, cash. Mining powder, from the United the Government has been offidallr adrind of little work shows him to be tha barttorynat only saw these eaanoa, but also the bill of nle,FBOX AHOTHIK COaBXSPOVDKNT. Exchange on London, sixty days, 44Hd. per dollar. not the here that much. The most plan, Emperor Xatolsoh to become the of BaidiiriBAspcnrAiL, Monday, Jan 2, I860.A new postal arrangement has recently beenOn United States, sixty days, 10 per eeat premium. sible that offen explanationare intbe war with Austria. The prepar-thatARGENTIN"E CONFEDERATION. ing themselves in case the United States shouldownIs to remoter and they carry it out,of the Fianch and (actuated by public motivee in entering'apM'lbi 'war,andas reootredtoestablishthe&ida- havinggratify armyallygeneial reoolta bmIef the WK an also aad Iha traced,m of the Federal power.State,Nothingis saidT» tkt Editor ^tke Ketc-Yark TimuThe cost of a church and thehis and, as tbe Japanese merchants would not receive ture is BOt a Questloa of mere liberality andttaste. A land, valuation, dwellings, families, freeholders,sire costly and elaborate furniture and for mere exhi-value. amongmay be free as in cathedralsor whether a Sunday;young, very successfully.is,theytheir hitherto lenient and conseqnencae fortiearlng policy closingeral, has himself since his arrival by a diatloguifhedspecies of diplomacy peculiarly worthy of his Pena-compsfliteof shows that the muat be he coneloded that lie was to be sent forth as peace Yillafraoca,war haa ad* makerscangiveherafashionablewardrobe.The Bythenewarrangementallsuchletterswillbe byLavALLOT,oneoftheCommitteeoftherltizeas. asheepamongtbewolves,andprudencedictated readyconferredthamoatimportaotbenefitanpaaThai they should chsrge toon as the San Francisco (milliners and dress- cents in postage, which,pfiltt ibj' eoiupsahiniiilnBt4<k'#itMfttMrttewbolcaameToyage—foratripIn'VfbdirtiMagh inpdeal elliaatet, where not one manIs a *!'*'—* la odinwlM affectad than for hts physl-cASttttvHaTnTBBtniaL Going to aeaisao rerypMbdaiOat fbey majr be forglTen that two per centBht Ai4 OM per cent for Urlog In a land where dying or five thousand "lots," Is disposed of. "Santa.every case,goods an being landed, and a grand display will be charged by the New-Granadian Postmaster heremade of them at " Assembly Hall," on Friday next, when the sale will be opened by Wuinnuon A Co., and contlnned until the cargo, comprising some fourwith the additional sum of ten cents, as a drop-letter. The explanation of this moyement, as olfered by Got. Obalsia, of Panama, to the agent of the Pacific Mall Steamship Company, Is that Gen. Heaus, the New-Granadlan Minister at Wasblngton, had inducedAgitationthroughoutthe and country,a dove. And, ever on theon bisprepaid. signed. Governor Alsuca has resigned, and is replaced pointmenthad ceasedaffairsworea&vorableaspect GeneralVslasco,Ex-that he should be ai wise as a serpent and gentle asItaly, and ascribes to tbe Emperor the UghMtM-and aa a abilityPresident of Bolivia, died on Nov. 17, at Cruz.Santa fishes,adopted,arrival,ofbasis. Hiaworkdeaerveahe icythatflatteredhimwiththeliopenotonlyofthe feast, b'jt also of the twelve baskets full that re- mained. To ttie OentUe* he was most bitter in hiafvigacltypol- desire to maintain theatateaman,limem*loftytn'w for the loaves andand a Emope npoB sa Janus-faced.presented Gov. CcHinaa in that event Echo replies: "Fit wise to be supplied. It must find a place in eraiy—A aewhas just been published by B. P. Shith, in Syra- cuse, and sold in this City by aubscriptioB. They are prepared by 1. H. Frikch, and are, so far as we can judge from a somewhat careful inapectiai of them, by far the most correct, detailed and reli- ableworksoftheirkindeverissued. Themapiaconstructed from a new of the State, made surveyexpressly for this work, at a cost of over $90,0M,cers and crew all well. " The following communication was received fromHon. T. Harbib, B'.lnistcr at Yedo, in reply to a note construction of the power granted by the Organicprobablyhim 10 use his iufiueucc to have it touch at San Fran-stationsthe University and by the officers of the United States Army ; a Geological and Land Patent Hap,cisco:UsrrsD St.\ti3 Lkq-itioh, Yi-do, Oct. 31, 1859.Your letter, of yesterday, was receivedwich Ibiends. What ports, any, may touch at, between the Islands and Panama, will depend en- tirely. upon Flag-cfi;cor Tatsall. The Embassy will cross the iatlimus bv a special train, and at Aspinwall will be receivpd by a steam frigate, and be conveyed direct to Wasbint^ion. without touching at any Allan* tic porta in tbe United States.From the foregoing you will perceive that I have noent. Instead of being oblige.1 to await the t«rdy actionof the District Courts, which are in session but once ayear. If, however, the decision of the Supreme Courtshould be adverse to the exercise of such power bythe Probate Court, you will then be relieved from thing concerning the State, and its counties -and the embariassments growing out of its disputedpowers." towns,whichanyonecanwishtoknow. Itgives Among the Governor's suggestions is one for tbe a topographies!, geological, and historical sltSekin their midst If the of the punity organizationpo-canals, railroads,mountains, whichatelice be defective.be a deficiency In the finances of these cities, for en- tionalsaysYour predecessors, seven years ago, under theaddressed bun by .Messrs. Suith & Co., charterers of conferred upon the Probate Courts both civil and State, showing mean annual temperature, depth ofthe Onuard, as to the route which the embassy would criminal jurisdiction, in addition to the powers ordi- rain, and direction of winds since 1S25, at the Me-taite to reach Washington, and requesting narily granted to Probate Courts. I have been infor-provoked,little books, called Bah) Night-caps, for youngbe takenT^nwF. /.BafleetioaBon the Preiatt Position of Burapt, and ita prob-alile conseqneDcea to tbe United Btatea," whl^f iiiiVfagaknownthattheChurch totheTerri- maryofcurrent£ar(^)e«apoliticathaaJaAobarecumm'en>i that tillsthrough the projier tribunals for a final decision. If tionthe action ot the Legislature is sustained, this com- State of more than 50,000 acres. It covers an area munity will enjoy the undisputed right of protection of about 3G and is v?thereforequestionup^and namea of all the landand attention oftta one who would maice '''"tf'^justsatisfactory everyPouncB ovThe Afplztoks hEve published ths tweUQieasyreach ofeveryA Nzw State Mapab^GAZcrraiB.more complete and accurate than any hitherto published. Not only does it embrace the large divisions of commnni.readilypointedout. It also containsseparatehills andcleariy shown by the Usual convea-alsothe Appirtoks, is for children of more advancedyean, and is also excellent.bywUd fiowera only, recalls to the ImogiBMottlady, www.fultonhistory.com 