 I.Itorn or ftV* r<teaboutto* cmteatsv iti» been;a&leto itofro«u>sof £ a steamer,•wx n o w to>' not acted as *©re been r e -. I t remain* ves,tO justify ' their unaa- I^e steamers :>bemade t n 00at*not despond, diaDebtRe-••Oraad D n k * . tgitaring Flor- >every night, »«any did n o t fogwioeoxa-tportant docu- nganinsar-> Abruzzi, and is nnding out-i hands were inder-in'-Cbief jontese, o r to>- )rumorsthatjedthediscus*.T> on the mo* 'te»vwasap- ouse of Lords ofthehillre- pabeetjoently he Loxdahaa hnerston then.appointmentainquiryby oagnont sap* rnment for a >uid coutiano ernand. >naccountof •some strong; ion members rf proceeding; it is supposed! rther consid- . wthraatee a r e"Work wasapparent tothemostinexperienced,and placeofthatwhichwaslostatHolyhead,thedirectors•thatbe, moreover, badtoo muchof$ii,wwa*onlvtoo believingthatthestrainwhichtheanchorboreonthaiBaring Brothers & CO'HC'hruiur. i t^M0ce$l - LONDON,Friday,May25—Sp.ro.was onboardtho0.8. steamerCrusader>wheashe madeherrecenteapfcure^givesthefollowingaccountTheeeoutragesre^cdrenoeonimentat.myhands, meritof.Toarezisnotstrongenougfrto"putah &nl3tothem, an incensed American pubfic* andonr <Jov ernmontoughttotakeeffectivestepstodoso.Iamrespectfully,yourobedientservant.:i±".--- :,*&*£*>. •'''••'•••/ AiC.AJCLBW,IT.ftrn^mrfaetureia* II.tle to them what sort of vessels they drank from—buck-ets, boxes, and trough's were all brought into requisi-tion. I even saw;several fellows, happy and delighted,with a piece of bread in one hand and a wooden spit- fully completed. To convey some idea of her capacity the firm and then Mail Agent Holbrook got informa- toon full of muddy water in the. other.Itwoknotswillbeobtainedinthespeed,andinorder TAIXOW;dtdl;.Y. C.»/®52/6d. THAbuoyant, and.ratherftoolltwtas"theDerby,sarupossmuug*wltnalnopowerIn hfc books or gaskms to help him in the ascent of thehill'-addedtowhichhestruckmetowalk«tender' 4%*uofGroonwichhaveundertakenaportionofthe atj/fiWRS/. LWRKKDCAKRKunchanged. SPBBXOn.declinedtotPJSELATEST* ThecorrwpOTk&Mkt.ofTtejtfeu>-Orleam>DeltaswhoandIwbuldonlyremark,that£f'the I4borar(3ovbrn-. d e a w : Congou l / 5 d . BPinrrs TcaiTBrrnra alow of nalo a t ^otithisoffbindleg. aa»tbebadbeenhnrriedinbis work. AnewTrotmananchor hasbeensuppliedin' £«C;Xlnseedquietat28/8d.,sellers. ,quently backed Umpire to win him £1,100. H e was,however, heartily disgusted with the upshot, nor did voted sailor who stood steadily at his post—the centralwhich no doubt seemed to these poor wretches like a $3,450. Ninon, 11 months old. a filly by Ethan Allen in a bucket one qnarter full, of water, taken at m& bright .rainbow of promise—they became perfectly out of Pocahontas, sold to E . Sargent of Leicester .for#^thoy,may be^completed assoon aspossible,Messrs.•f-> <*£*tevidentfromthenervoustemperamentbedisplayed occasionwaspufficionttoestablishitasthemoBttena-"Whent*ripped».'* ciousholderhitheworld. Thegreatestexertionsare lhe businessin ourColonial andForeign Producemarkets ofthlitexploit:letter j*x*frt ana"exn^?J*, te^ng -fac^ttiW^tlli^ namesofthefour EmKHssadorsin,xsoloroa••rmeiwimHbaa been very moderate- MONBT continues eftBy. The Bank of "We^ shall onlyrecordhere tbejuniversaldisap- ofcoursebeingmadetohaveeverythingready;bythe Englandha»lowereditsminimumrateofdiaoomrfto4-jp:cent17. 1!0i0iw AstheU.S.steamerCrusaderwascruisingintheoldBahama Channel,not far from Nuevitas,onthe23d of May, a sqnare-riggod yeBsel of moderate /size.wasreported from aloft. W e immediately stood forhaunted waters, or eyen to come in eight, without hav-ing her character ascertained. A s Boonas she fouud the property of Reuben S. Deuny, esq-./at his residence- first cargo of granite for the gai^wmhad .been | f g i ^behaveinsuchamannerasstronglyexcitedbursus- York.Philadelphia,aDdotherdistantplaces. Hadtho weremiainfoi-mfd. Thecargoalloded' to-.wmftam'^picions, and atlength fairly put he?helm up andran uSpenceHcad;Qiuwry,'' Seal Harbor, atthe m o ^ o # ^mfortheshore,thustakingthelastandmostdespe- daybeenfavorable,thenumberpresent from|jfiherate chance of escape.' Unfortunately for her the wind neighboring towns would probably have beenyo)ry 'th« Penobscot'Eiver, State of Maine, tho same* quarry <;».much larger. The sale commenced soon affOT'efcybnv 1 wassolightthatshewaspreventedfromeffectingher o'clock,andwasconductedbyMr.D.j£&Bayley, fromwhichthebasecorner*oftheCathedraSin Mfc.;*rpointmentthismuch-vauntedAmerican'crack'cre- 9thofJune,buttherearemanypersons,welqualified CONSOUleaveoff95}®05formoney,95'2>95£fortheaccount. ^tec'inthemindsof allexceptafewofbismostinfat- £>j^ge, whoareverydoubtfulastowhether allwin, Bar SILVER, 5/1$. Mexican DollarH.'5/2J. AMBKICAN EAGLES,>LARGEBALEOFffOR'SESt\etejta#ri*y^•<&••DM4m>"oated partisans by bis coarse * overdone' appearance be complete b y that time. Perhaps if the departure 76/3. DOUMLOONS: 8pani»b 76/6; South American, 74/. COCUINBAL'quiet . Honduras blacks lower , good a n d fine>"Mtt In our MSUC of Tuesday, JC«c 5>vr«; eooko of •Mand. firetfnl manner, which presented a sufficiently were fixed for a month later, no harm would be done, bold Bbelly,.4/4®4/10; silvers,3/*3»3/7. Teneriffe black*, 3/6-0Worcutter Spy, June'.7;There wasan extensive auction saleof trotting hors©srs+Artljng contrast to the blooming looks of The Wizard, "Tom Bowline, T h e Drone, Nuthoume. ThOrmanby, Horror, Cape Flvaway, Mains*ouo, and Kestes from among hiR EiigHsb opponents, to satisfy the most preju-88, if the'ship sail in th e beginning of June, she will 3/9; silvers. S/X^S/*. ' 'probably arrive at New-York in the. bight of the COCOA.—60» bap* Trinidad mostly sold at 72/^84/ for commonAmerican dog-days, when the thermometer ordinarily . grey t o fine red. and200 bats Granada at 66/'3>66/6. CorrsEiadull,andfor the lowerBortsof Ceylonadeclineofher, as no sail is allowed to pass ns in these. slaver-iFrom.Thevstandsat120degrees,and will notimprobablyrise30 l/®l/6bas been submited to. 1,100 caskH,400bbls.t 260.bags dicedadmirersoftheAmericansystemoftrainingthat degreeshigheronboardablack-paintedironship. PlantationCeylonbrought67/C©68/forfineordtolowmid,and tbe#Tbeory will not bear comparison with that of the However, curiosity overcomes many i»iw»venience8, 69/-3173/6 for mid to good mid; 212 bbls.: 104 baga NFativo Coylouin Clappville, yesterday. Several hundred personsoldschool,sofarasthepreparationof&Derbyhorse anditisfurthertoberememberedthatItwillbethe weresoldat58/®60/forgoodord.and60/6©62/forfineordbold. 75 casks. 552 bbls:, 207 bi-gi Jamaica wore taken at 59/6-365/6 forIsconcerned,snccesaftilthoughMr.TenBroecklsstable timeofyearwhen allthecountry people pourinto, goodtofineord,and66/6'S>67/formid. .haanrovedinlessimportantengagements. Themar- ketia invariably the true chronomeier of public feeling, and^alihough u#thh»g could exceed Umpire's magnin- cent action m be cantered down the course, the opposi- t ion in the King was so strong that instead of leaving•off Jbrst. &vonte,as many predicted,i e went back to €and7to1,andwouldundoubtedly*haveretrograded etilrfartherifthestartbadbeenlongerdelayed. As. it wa#, Tboraanby, who was in such tremendous force .nt last;that be advanced to within apoint ojf The Wiz- ard(whowaslikewiseasfirmasbiswarmestsupport- • ers*could wish), gave the American th e go bv, andKufJbonrne also trod closely on his heels." A good startwatefjected, a n d when coming round Tattenham cor- oner,"Kutbonrne broke down badly, which immediately <«n*cdattention to be directedtotheAmerican,who «an$e wfth: a rush to the front, and showed his bright •orangedolorsInsoprominentapositionthat'UmpirewinsTwae'tbe universal cry; but. it was faintin com-parisonwh^thetremendous roarof *Umpire'sbeat,'towntomaketheirSummerpurchases.With respect to the new commander, Capt. Vine Hall, th*re isa universal concurrence of testimony asCOPPKK—Sheathing, 12d.:ToughCakeandTile.£10710/: best Selected, £Vb 16/;•Y. M. Sheathing,lOd.pui-pose; and .we rapidly overhauled her, notwithscaad- mgthatshewascarryingallhercanvas.The Crusader now hoisted English colors and fired agun towindward;when,after somedelay,the barkaveaue and Fifty-first stoeet is laid; also, the bwsm»a*tMl of the Deaf and Dumb Institute, and thebridges in the Central Park are built.CoaN—The supply of English Wheat has been limited, and with a quiet market the advance of last week has been main- to his fitness for the important post to which ho has tained. Last week's average price of English:Wheat was 52/1 onauctioneer,of Boston. Tbebidding, generally,:wjas- spirited,,and the animals went at a £ur valuej.jaMa general thing. Two pairsof matched horses andfifteen singlehorsesweresoldtodifferentparties,atatdtaibeen appointed* F o r many years h e commandedsteamships in the Mediterranean, Cape, Australia,South America. India, d t d As superintendent for twoyearsoftheGeneralScrewSteamCompany'sestab-lishment at Southampton, and subsequently in a simi-lar position,in London, he has had full opportunities95,250qrs.returned. WhiteAmericanWheat52/6®57/;Red, 50/'254/^ qr. FtorR, 26/-3>29/ f> bbLOfHEMPandJtrrKtherehavebeennosales. 'COTTON—800 bales Tianivelly have been bought at i d . decline.IRONdull. BailsandBars,£.55/f.o.b.inWales. ,Scotch pearthatwewereenabledtoseethatherhatcheswere, siredbyVermontBlackHawk,outofMaryTaylor, physiciancommunicateetousthefollowinginteroetino;,ofbecomingthoroughlyconversantwiththemechan-ism of steam-engines. As a bold and skillful navigator, 48/®49/; Black Sen on the coaot offers at 40/6. delivered TJ. K .Capt. Hall so much distinguished himself, when in command of the Crcesus, as to elicit the warm approba- tion of the late Mr; Brunei, who'was so much struck withtheoriginalityofbiscontrivanceforrepairingthe ship in the absence of a dock that he would have pro- posedhimasamemberoftheCivilEngineers'Insti- tute—a distinction, however, which Capt. Hall de- clined.!In thetame vessel he subsequently dis-bayonthespothavechangedhandsat50/6;Calcuttaheldat LINSKKDCAKRSwithoutchange. New-York, in barrel*. £107/6; Boston, in baga. £10.. i <;, :OILS—Linseed loss active, sellers on tho sport at 23/3. Rape:Alden,threeyearsold>fullbrothertothelastnami der theae circumstances it was determined to board her, sold to noble Hill of Boston for $1,050. Tbe third wand accordinglyaboat andtheEnglish ensign werelowered at the same time; and the American colors, Garibaldi, not quite, two years old, sired by E were hoisted. JNo sooner did the Crusader's boat leave- Allen out of Mary Taavlor; went alio to Mr. Hill firwhich' rose ere the echoes of tbe former had scarcely tinguished himself in ' the :trying crisis of a -'For. RUM there is a, fair inquiry at full prices; 50 puncheonsDemerara brought 1/11©' proof gallon; 50 puncheons Jamaica 3/l(r©4/5^gaUW; : . • .- . .... .MOLASSES—130 puncheons good Antigua have been placed at SALTPETRE dearer; 4,000 bags Bengal have changed hands o nthe spotat45/^45/9forU to2i1ft,40/for15to12lb,and250 tuns have been bought afloat at 45/9 for 5 1ft.SPICKS—rimento: 500bagswerepartlyrealizedfrom3|-d'S'3itd for low to good quality. White Pepper; 100 bags ord Singapore weredeponedoffrom6/®6id.beingidcheaper. Ginger;240 barrels Jamaica brought 84/®H5/ for small to good bold, with fine from 155/'2'170/. JAPAN W A X ; 200 cases fair block partly went at 59/-S60/.SrOAK—Tbe transactions on the spot have been very limited at about 6d. docline O f British West India tho sales have boonebrated Black Hawk race, soldto Dr.Burnett|of inhisstall,hebung hisbead andrefused tytf&'bfA^ For a littlewiilo there was dead.silence onboard Southboro'-for $275. Fitz James; three years ib}d, manifested a great thirst. His month was hot, and ,both ships, though the increasing odor placed beyond aired by Rip Van IWinkle out of Iiady of the liak^, hia tongue pale and dry., His respiration was super- soldto theHon.George P. Marsh ofVermontfor•all doubt the fact that the bark hadundor her hatches a $160. Gray Fox,' two years old, sired bj'Ethan Allen, ficial, hot, and panting. ,The ayes were dull andcargo of negroes. And now w e began to hear a sort' 1 watery, nostrils extended and red. He had a dry b?flfe*j "of suppressed moaning, which soon swelled into the un- out; of Mary White, sold to Mr. Lang of Maine fdrsubsided, as Snowden was seen to be 'hard' upon hisship on fire with troops on board, and man- horse a quarter of a ntOe from home; and from this aged matters in such a masterly way as to elicit the point hevras beaten, and'only obtained the unenviable thanks of the then Board of Admiralty. In theposition of seventh. Golden Fleece, with troops for India, he made the*'Not the least attractive feature' of the stand and quickest run ever known between England and Cal- race-course were the twochampions, Sayersand cutta,andwasthefirstEnglishshipmasterwhovolun-Heenan 1 tbey were both dressed after the most ap- teered for thesteam examination, in Which he took anmietaKable murmur of many human voices. Aa bur $320.- -.:• • ' - - ,M--:',--,'° .;• .,.;.;';••,] not frequent cough. The pulse, was not much d i s - The next was tbe celebrated pacing mare Pocahon-proved mode o f Derby costume. Heenan could n o tsuppress his rising national sympathies, and -conse-extrafirst-classcertificate. CaptHallwillbefortu- nate in having as one of his chief officers Mr. Sewell, whom tbe public will not forget as the brave and de-ofthe burst hundreds,, the self-liberated slaves. As they record, being a mile in 2:17i to wagon. Now inj fold 12th, four doses, three- hours apart—permitted toispring of the original undertaking, was'suddenly car^ned off by cholera; there was bankruptcy ol con- Britain, and Prussia, to receive the proposals of Russia American. No sales of Timothy.outrages committed upon American citizena in Mexico. numbered, and are designed to contain the clothing of namental and useful in ordinary. Messrs.txactors, and dreadful and fatal accidents among the relative to an inquiry into the condition of the Chris-exudation of rust from the iron work. The Fair Orleansinterior has been strengthened throughout with Middling Orleans.....8 d. Middling Mobllea Sid. Fair Uplands....,Again before Coboa, the two gentlemen were treat- that if he tnw them again he wonld order their execu-would not do juft as foolishly as this woman did, with no more pressing business to hurry them acre is the track of a railroad train, than getting a boer-pi teber filled at the opposite grocery. I n the case of the pres- ent victim, 8he has probably got a lesson tha ^wfll abide by heruntildeath. We should tJuWiHataB'fttanchions,incompliancewiththerequirementsofthe FairMobiles...............7^d. Middling Uplands.andconsideredwellqualifiedtoperform thedutiesof their respective stations. . ' .,, This ship will be hauled mto the stream to-day, from Brown ccLovell'a wbarf at East Boston, and anchoredhowever much they might be lengthened, •Board of Trade, and a tunnel has been made through i the coal " bunkers." not only for the purpose of venti- lating tbe coals ano obviating th e risk of spontaneouseombnstion, but of making a communication between the stoke-holes, and thus enabling the stokers to pa^s from onetotheotherwithout tbe troubleand fatigue• Stockonhand,1.200.730bales.of which99&.980ar< arenearly50yearshas"consistedpf thefivegreatPowersin the most imminent hazards, in all latitudes—after 21st April. gentlemen reached the State of Oaxaca, unmolested, Tbe news is quite unimportant. .an insurgent bivouac was seen on the hights surround-painted in a white belt, with a narrow white ribbohibelow, and her head and stern carving has beengildedtt instance, the woman, who was a middle-aged ono, and •Her mooring chains are of 2-inch, and the anchor^! said tobo French, and not over a week resident at thathaving watched over the vessel from the driving in of Public business was deferred until the arrival of tho ing Palermo, and it waa asaerted that a battle.had . but at a ahort di8tance from the capital of that Statethe first rivet—having carried her safely through Governor, Sir Geo. Grey, who was expecteddaily. .launch,andexplosion,andstorm,wasatfasthimselfsuddenly carried off, under a mysterious dispensation -of Providence, by an accident in Southampton waters, almost within band-reach of the quay, and in theagonized view oflthousands of helpless spectators. Nothingcouldmorecondnsivelyprove'theintrinsic vitality of the undertaking, or the extraordinary per- severance of theEnglish character, thanthesimple iact that the Great Eastern has survived these repeated shocks, and now rides proudly in Southampton waters,while the whole of her vast interior rings again withthe clangor of the workmen and the pervading din ofpreparation for the approaching voyage to New-York.a bridle ana swivel, conaeqr.' eas be Ordered the two travelers to be conduoted to the ing vessel, and with proper care will last thirty years!};! running at a moderate speed, and before the engineerThe new Board of Directors—who, we are happy tolearn,workmostharmt-niouslytogether—are untiring The rateofdiscountsintheopenmarketswas Zl®*#\eent.that they had to leave the city immediately, and with- Malta,whohadarrived at Marseilles in the Indian outpassports;andthatif,he found them twenty-fourin their exertions, and Mr. Bold, the general manager, resides in tbe ship,where he devotes himself entirely to tbe preparations for sea. An immensity of ship- wright/ work has been done by Mr. Lungley, of Dept- ford;thecabinshavebeenreconstructed,andthewell- known grand saloon restored to all its original splen- dor. Tins last "work, it shonjd be observed, was doneby Mr. 8cott Rmvell. , Part of, Mr. Lungley's work has been to throw the two large dining-rooms into one, and to paint tbe panels in grained satinwood in place of,theoriginal white and gold, the latter colorshaving been found to show the least damp"ormail steamer, leaves this evening for London.I ROME, May 23.hours after this in the city they would be shot. Aspreviouslyordershadbeenissuedto all the out-COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. LONDON MONEY MARKET.—It was telegraphed via Queenstovrn that on the 24th theJBank of England redtiood their miuimnuirateofdiscountfrom4}to4«#>-cent. Themeasure was considered certain, and therefore exercised no appreciableinfluence in the funds.Therewasafairdemandfordiscount attheBank atthere-ceived.PARIS,May 26. The Paine of this evening publishes details identical withthosecontainedinthe di8patchfrom Marseillea,quartera of his soldiers, where they were imprisoned, andonlyasanactofgraceitwaspermittedthatthey might buy their own provisions at exorbitant prices.Afteranimprisonmentoftwomonths,duringwhich time the two gentlemen were in comtaut fear of theirfor we understand her timbers and planking are weu.1seasonedandsound. •->\[•'\iAcouldseeorknowthatsheintendedtocrossaheadofbeen a very moderate demand this week, and an increased desire tosellonthepart-ofholders;but,notwithstandingthevery large stock of American, the quantity o f Middling and upward of agoodstyle Isto limited.that for thesedescriptions pricesare tolerably steady, whilethe lower qualities are againi@id. lower, andth*inferior strode, aremoat irregular.'' Salesoftheweek,ofvery.preciseinstructionsinreferencetoSicily.In the official report of the affair a t the Grotto near Maritefieeqre, the gens d'armes are much commonded. ThebrotherofOrsini,authorof theattempt,is dead.picketguardwouldhaveahot thom,andremaining, they would have heen executed by Coboa.Neverthelea8,.thetwogentlemen auccesdedinleav- ing Oaxaca, but only a few leagues distant from the: citythey were overtaken bya bandofarmedmen,hopeitwillaccomplishallitsfriendshaveanticipated;|ilowedfromtbetrain,andanothersooncollected from William T. Davis, eaq., is the Secretary chosen by theSHE 35k. —*—*•*M.Li,r,l-.ill,rtin(»*M>MII»»l>»l""lr"»'NEW-YOKE. DAILY TEJBUN& SATURDAY, JUNE 9, I86019hefailtogivefullexpressiontohisfeelingsofdisap- •wheel,on-whichthesafetyoftheshipdepended— 2,660hhd»: 2,868bagsMauritiuswent-at39/@39/6forlowmid. franticwithjoy. TheyclimbedupallalongtheVail— <$<6.oUU«.. ?t-> -. •'• *is,- draught,repeatedatevening,andagainthenext;«Te»-^ipointment. We need not say that they have been the while the decks burst up under his feet, and he was al- greyitih yellow; 40/-g>42/ for mid. t o good mid, yellow, and 43/6 Next was tbe original Mary.Taylor, eighteen years obrerved-of allobservers;'anditisa question mostoverwhelmedwiththedescendingshoweroffrag- ©44/ forgoodmidcryBtalizcd. Foreign—Of403bbls:54tcB. theyhungontheshrouds—theyclusteredlikeswarm- old,eiredbyBoliveroutofAbdallahmare. SheIsing. Under the aconite the heat of the horse'sjmouth, dieappeared, and t h e thirst lessened. . After t h e b r y t onia the capacity to cough incroased, showing that.thewhether they or the competitors for the blue riband of ments of glass, cinders, boiling water, and the usual the Turf obtained the greater share, of attention. W e debris, of the great explosion. The courage, self-pos-hear that,feelmg.their own inexperience in bosiness,- session, and skill evinced by Mr. Sewell on that trying they have placed their affairs in tne, hands of Messrs. occasion were quite sufficient to point hiai out to theCuba.Muscovado, a few lota sold at 40y2)42/ for mid. to good raid, greyish yellow; 1.491 boxes Havana brought 38/6®39/o* for mid. to-good mid. brown: 40/6®41/6 for mid. to 'good aoid. grey, and 44/^45/ for fine yellow. Privately, transactions compose 3,000 boxes Havana (old crop), chiefly No. 10i to 12J, »t 40/6®42/, and 4,000 bags clayed Manila at .36/6. The following floating cargoes have changedhandsatafurther reduction of about 3d-,all for this country, and fully int-nred; five Havana, 1,700 boxes N o 1 1 at27/1*,1,600boxes No.12Jat28/U,1,500boxes No.9at26/, 1.360boxesNo.9*at26/6,laudingweights; 2,369boxesNo.13to 13J at 28/3, and one Cuba Muscavado, 700 casks, a t 25/6, landingweights. • i TALLOW dull—St. Petersburg Y . C. 52/'®52/6 o n the spot, 51/6ing bees m the rigging, while rose from sea to sky the wildest acclamations of delight. They danced, a u d leaped, and waved their arms m the air, and screamed, and yelno^tvinfoal byMilesStandiah.-Sold to Mr. Bucklixtfor $400. Nstrmeoka, thirteen years old, o f Messengerdescent, with foal by Miles Standisb, has paced a mi strong bepatization of the lunga Iiad diminished; thendirectors a s a m a n without whoso appointment the whose charge they intend making the grand tour of staff of the vessel would be incomplete. It has been the United Kingdom with their new belts; and w e generally reported that Capt. Comstock had under-ha.venot the slightestdoubt that, if their cards are well taken to pilot the Great Eastern into New-York; but played, they wul-zeap a rich harvest. T h e ceremony We believe the fact to be that one of the regular pilotsof presenting the new belts is to.take place on Wednes- of that port is coming over to England expressly forilled in a discordant but pathetic concert. There was one thing, however, even more touching than all this outcry of" barbaric rejoicing. My attention w a s attracted to a, group consisting of somewhat more than a hundred women, withdrawn apart from the Bhouting and noisy men. Their behavior was in strong contrast with that of the others, and was characteristic of their sex. Entirely nude, but innocently unabashed, theyin 2:25. Sold to D r . Burnett for $400. PriscHf fourteen months old, aired by Ethan Allen out of NJ mcoka, sold to Mr. Lang for $475.Roee Standiah, nearly three years old, aired b y l W Allen out of a Hambletonion mare> sold to Mr. Hanjijs of Leicester for $300r Lucy, a thorough-bred maw?, five years old, now in foal b y Miles Standiah, sold tohis general strength increased, and hia appetite grevf.One do*e of phosphorous 30th, given 24' hours afier,completed the cure of a case, every one of whosesyniiv '<tome waa tbe *pleuro-pneumbnia"of Masaachusetts.Howes& Cashing oftheAmerican Circus, under;manship, reflects tne highest credit upon his energy and perseverance. Heenanhasheadedthelistofsubscrip-tions for Sayers, while Sayers has done t h e like officefor Heenan. The list of contributions to each belt willbe published when complete. t On the day after the pre-,mentation, the men will proceed to Manchester, wherethey have engaged the Free Trade Hall for their exhi-withstanding his general popularity, he was hissed, howledandyelledat,andhisperformanceoftheser- vice was constantly iaiierrupted. But, contrary to usual cutitorn, the principal cause of offense yesterday was the morning service, a.monition having been sent down by the Bishop of London to-Mr. Churchwarden Thompson, ordering him not to allow the choristersTEESTATESCHOOL-SHIP SETTS.MAS SAC HIbition on that evening, and on Friday they will appear (whom his lordship designated " the singing mea'' andaiJLiyerpooL Their proceedings in the following week "the singing boys ") to -enter the altar rails. M r. are not yet determined on. Thut they will gain large Thompson did not iusist upon this in the morning, theprofits oy their .'exhibitions cannot for a moment be Rector being absent, but in the evening the choristerswo state that ahe ia of a full model,- 144 feet long, ] 51 wide, 22deen, and regiatered 640 tuns. She, has ja small topgallant forecastle the hight of the ; main r a i ^ which extends aft tothe windlass, and is open; clos? abaft it is a companion whichpeads to tho aailora' quarj- lers and the galley, and over the fore-hatchway -is[a square house, which proteeta a double 8taircase, ingtothedeckbelow. Amidehipashehaaacapslfarij alithe rest of the deck between the fore and main masts ia clear. Over'the main 'hatchway ia a-Jargiiraised skylight, and over the after hatchway another house like that forward, which protects the etairwat leading below. ''..••' HOn the quarter-deck ahe has a large house, which c o n t a i n a a m e s a - r o o m f o r t h e c a p t a i n a n d o f f i c e r s , ] a cabin abaft it, state-rooms for the captain and literary instructor, and other apartment8, the whole admirably arrangedandneatlyfitted.- •'':";-TThe main dock—forward on the starboard aide, conl tains accommodations for two, cooks, a coal-hole, a.nrj !a apaciouB galley. On the opposite side are quarter*11 tion of the scheme, and, laid, their plana for detection: '• doubted, and we only hope that each will bear in mind ' the chances of a rainy day, and will make such prudentwere sent up into the organ loft av, the extreme western end of the church. T h e evening service was gone through by Mr.Machonochie amid arow whichitwrists', ar.d some, strutted proudly about with copper ladles hung around their necks.accordingly. On Taeadaythe box was purposely left nulpcked, and Cox being at the Poat-Office for tbe pur-. poco above mentioned, by appointment, led theWyv. secretly followed b y Holbrook, into t h e largo law;' buildingatthocomerofBroadwayand'Barclaystreet^ When the twain returned to the atreet, Mr. Hol,brool6. arrested C o x , a n d o n being searched eleven lottcrs were found in hie pockets.DEDICATION OF A NEWCntrRcnr.—The meh o u s e o f t h e S o u t h B a p t i s t C h u r c h , u n d e r t h e p a s t o r a l -chargeoftheRev.T.W. Conway, located atthfe•tor^"minusoftheStatenIslandRailroad,willbodedicatedwith appropriate services on the 13th and 14th| iaat.Dedication sermon by the Rev. Edward Lathrop,, D.!investmentoihisstockaswillinsurehimhelpinthe wouldbevaintodescribe,andwhoafterwardpreached hour of need. After, they have completed theirjtour,tomofimprovement. SeaIslandsdull,withoutchangeiuvalue. Surats in limited request, and^d. fy lb cheaper.Bythistime,however,adetachmentofmarinesar- rived from the Crusader, and order was at once re-we understand they'.will go together to the United a sermon which bore simply upon the great,aoctrineeBfates, where, notwithstanding the unfortunate termi- which the present season of Ascension teaches,and goodsand Yarns are lower. The quotations are: Middling Up-nation of the battle, we are sure both will be received with open arms."THE GREAT EASTERN.From Th* London Daily Newt.was founded upon the 11th verse of the 1st chapter of tbe Acts of the Apostles. At the close of the evening service there was the usual rioting, and the singing of the doxology with the customary violence.' [ L o n d o n N e w s , M a y 2 1 s t .lands, 6id. # • th; Middling Mobile, 6id. $>- l b ; Middling Or- leans, 6Jid. If sandy, *©£d. ^ lb less.BKKADoTtTFrs—With a continuance o f t h e most favorable weather, the growing crops look healthy and make rapid prog- ress. During the past woek there has boon general firmness i nt h e t r a d e , b u t b u s i n e s s h a s n o t b o o n q u i t o s o a c t i v e A t OMX market on Tuesday, Wheat wan firmly held, but the demand was limited, and sales confined to merest retail, at last Friday'swere clothed witn pieces of canvas, and the captain, supercargo,,and crew sent on board the Crusaaer as prisoners.Thoy made n o claims o r remonstrances whatever, b u t s u r r e n d e r e d t h e m s e l v e s a s s l a v e r s , w i t h o u t n a t i o n - ality. They stated that the bark had no name, and that all their papers bad been thrown overboard with the colors. * They seemed to bear their loss with philoso-SXTUOCS FKA Y ON BOAKD AN AMERICAN VESSEL.-—tudes,seemasiftheywereagainabouttosmile,and OnTuesdaynight,May22d,aseriousdisturbancetook prices. Flour,withtheexceptionofbestoldFrench,winchThe fortunes of the great ship, after many vicissi-to' carry out to final success the great and novel princi- place on board the outward-bound American shipGem was 6d. ^ sack dearer, difficult to sell at previous" rates. IndianCorn neglected and nominal. To-day's market was ..slow for allple upon which shewas first projected. It is now pub- of the Ocean, Captain* Seth Williams, lying off JBrith. articles. Wheat met only a limited retail sale at .the prices of been regarded by them as part of their risk, and theylicly announced that she will kave Southampton for It appears when the yeesel left London nearly the Tuesday. American Red, the stock of which consists entirely were not unprepared for it. The captain is a French-whole of the erew^were intoxicated; and, on arriving Mew-Yorkonthe9thofJune,andthereiseverypros- at Erith, some dispute took place as to the per-pect of that -announcement being punctually fulfilled. formance, of duty. A seaman named Macavoy having The public interest in th»> undertaking, so often excited,so often disappointed,,is therefore once more beginning been accused of skulking, som« words ensued betweenMacavoy§ar;d a seaman named Robert Williams, which . t £ revivefc.and a—perhaps sopergtitiOoa—belief i» gen- ended in a fight, during which Macavoy bit a consider-of Milwaukee a n d Chioago. quite neglected. . Flour slow, andIndian Corn scarcely inquired for. W e quote: Wheat—Red man,asisalbOthesupercargo,andthecrewaremostly Western,/ 10/5®10/9; White, 11/912/6.$* cental. Flour—Super- Spaniards, with a few Frenchmen. The negroes were fine, 26/6 S2«/ ; Extra Western, 26/ti®27/; Extra Ohio, 2«/&30/ selected from among 3,000 prisoners of w a r recently $> 196 lb. Indian Corn—Mixed, 34/6; Yellow, 84/6®35/; White, taken by the King of Dahomey. They were brough, 86/6937/ $>• 480 lb. .D., of New-York. Other sermons by the Rev*. W'. St for six seamen, who will be the m en before the niaw; Mikols, the Rev. Thomas Armitage, D. D^; * aridthe1erally entertained tjhat the good ship h a s done all her able portion of Williams's under lip completely off. "•tribulation, and may henceforth look forward to a safeBXKF—Tho den.and is o f the most limited character, and, with from "Wnydab, a largo town oh the slave', coast, in th ?continued arrivals, the few retail sales have been at prices again Bight of Benin, the sea-port of the renowned Kingdom bo reached from both sides. There is also a square bor^;Rev. A. D . Gillette, New-York. Closing serinen b y he Rev. J. N. Tolnian of Staten Island. Servi|esti^ begin at 101 o'clock on Tuesday, 13th!" — I *ii*and prosperous career. A distinguished and practical Williams then went, into the forecastle, a n a returned with a razor, rushing upon his opponent Macavoy, andrather in favor of buyers. JPOKK quiet, nr>d slightly easier to buy.BACOK very firm, but t h e high rates check consumption, andthere is less butanoss doing. •CnBKSB—Thedemandhasfallenoff,andprices areagainlower. . LAKDinlimitedinquiry,andpricesbarelymaintained. Thosales are quite retail, and for the week do not exceed 50 tuns TALLOW continues very dull. There in no demand, and quota- tions must again bo reduced to 1/ to 1/6 $>'cwfc, without leadingman once said that if a thing be good in itself—-that is, inflicting several frightful wounds upon his face and in its first conception—it takes a great deal of suVse- head, in consequence of the drunkenness of the crewAbaftofthieisagratihedbulkhead,withdoorsinit, todevisingmeansofescapefromhouses onjlfirai' and the space, inclosed contains five rows of tables forherinmatestoeatfrom?andfurtherafttherearestatef Amongthesewenoticeoneinventedby«Mr.H.O.' roomB for her stewards,, mates, boatswain and carpehj- Baker, Assistant Fire Marshal, Which is aimplytbal- ter2 and the space abaft these is fitted for a school-roothjquent biundering or casualty to spoil it, and certainly toe series of misfortunes and trials through which the Great' Eastern' h a s passed have been suffi- cient t o establish a s something almost superhuman in accuracy the- scheme of the eminent engineer who h a s so recently passed'away from among us. Almostfzom the very moment when the first piece of iron of which her keel is composed was laid clown, the levia- than ship has been a child of casualty and mishap. A l lthe original plans and drawings were destroyed; theenterprising Mr. Geat-b, who was the soul and main-the utmost confusion prevailed on board, but Williams was secured, and a message was sent on shore for the assistance of the police.RUSSIA. »•Prince Gorchakoff had sent instructions to the Rus- sian representatives a t the Courts of the Great Powers explaining why the Turkish Embassador ^ a s n o t in - vited, with the Embassadors of Austria, France, Greatto sales. The nominal value o f Butchers' Association i s 5 3 / $ r seven only have died, which is certainly a very snial Tins deck iaa8 light aa a house, and well ventilated}conies under each row of upper-windows, with a stair- way fastened horizontally under each balcony, capable of being instantaneously lowered at the proper angle, sothat from thehighest point allperaon8,even];thelOli-alOlH New-Brunswick 6s, 108-2»108^; Nova-Scotia 6s. lOS® 108j; Quebec City 6s, 99, ex div.Kichnrdson, Spcncc & C?o.'n Circular.Per Africa.} • LiVRRroOL, 18th May, 1860.COTTON—The sudden check which business in Manchester re- As ROOU as their appetites.were satisfied, the Afri-ceived a week or two ago, seems to have induced the trade towork up part or their stocks o f Cotton, so curtailing tbe demand can iondnees for finery began to show itself, and all the here. The effect has been a dull, drazging market, with a .ra- loose articles in tho ship were employed as personal pidly increasing stock, and great irregularity in prices. Sandy or ornaments. Some fastened belaying pins to their wasty CottonB of any nominal grade, nave o een difficult o f saleat i®id. #>• U> deebnein the fortnight: even clean useful Cot-tons have been sold on lower terms, and there is as yet no symp-This vessel, formerly the ship Eockall, but now thj nautical branch of the State Keform School, ia noilIn Manchester greit dullness prevails, and prices of. both stored, aiid an organization established. The negroescwt' In London also the market is dull and lower for early de- liverv, but firmer for the end of tho year, th e closing quotations for P . Y . C. being 52/6 to 52/ spot: 51/6 to 51/ Juno; 51/ rather buyersforthelastthreemonths oftheyear. .QrBR. BAUK steady, 9/3 to 9/6 for Philadelphia, and 7/6 to 7/9for Baltimore.ROSIN—CommoD steady, at 4/5 to 4/6 $>" cwt., at' which 4000 bbls. have been sold. . .number.'AMERICANCITIZENS INMEXICO.having air-porta along the sides and in the ends, a larg^ skylight over the main hatchway, and glass in the houseswhichprotecttheentranceondeck. |The lower deck has two large bow ports with'glais aged or infirm, can safely descend. The foliowing ad- intherbj and. abaft the fore hatchway, has berthsof; vantages are claimed by this plan: It cannot be usedSBBDS—Clover in small request, and quiet at 40/ to 41/ for NewOur attentive correspondent a t Minatitlan, Tehuan- teppc, transmits to ua tne fallowing official statement ofby robbers; it is not in daily use, and therefore not\ in-'Baker a n d McGill are the patenteea. .;• ' .--!• • " 'RAILROAD ACCIDENT—A WOWAN R U N OVER iioar TRE HARLEM RAILROAD.—AS the Croton Fall8 trlsnW wascomingdown,onFriday morning, throughMor- riaania, a woman with'a pitcher in her hand undertookto cross the track immediately in front of the locomo--difficulty,caughttheseverecoldwhichultimately shepignedthoTreatyofMarch30,1856,thesameclaim popularpaeaionswereinflamed.Ontheeveningof atthisportafewdayeagofromOaxaca,wherehehas Ondecksheappearswell;the.deckispaintedstriaterminated in his death. could nave been made by Sardinia, whose participation the.20thinfet. several ahota were fired from the balco- been a-prisoner for some months by order of Gen. color, the bulwarks pink> the rails black, aud tti bad calculators, that she could travel as fast as «men; and tbe calamities of the ship-yard culminated inthe' vicissitudes of tbe protracted launch, which, inaddition to much of lesser misfortune, inflicted up-u thenation the loss of its two greatest engineers. -It is now pire is a question of general interest, reserved for the generally known that it- was the harassing duties and consideration of a European Conference, which for• Via Queens'town.• • MARSEILLES, M ay 26.the boys. T h e space aft is set apart for the sick bay! or hospital.. Both decka are lofty, the lower one 6 feet high under the beama, and that above 7£ feet. [tians in Turkey. ' *Prince Gorchakoff says:"The condition o£the Christians in the Turkish Em-THE LATEST.The case, aa will be aeen, haabeon laid before our Gov- ernment, but what redress, if any, can be had remains to be aeen:CONSULATE OF THE TJ. S. OF AMERICA,' •. ••"'.•'. MINATITLAN, May 11, I860.'1 tanks, each of 4,000 gallons capacity, place for coaldisappointmentsofthattryingmonthwhichcompletelybroke down the health and spirits of Mr. Brunei, andthat Mr..Stephenson, dxuibg his chivalrous and valua- "If it bad been necessary to call the representative icst., which state that the anxiety was increasing and SIR: I have the honor to report to you that F . L . them; the space, it seems to us; could,not have been; ble endeavors to get his professional rival out of hjs of the Porte to this assembly of Embassadors because Hunt, esq., an American and a citizen of Ohio, arrived laid out to better advantaged '., ".exclusively, among which Turkey is not included.Thepacketwhich left Naples onthe22dinet.has arrived, and brings letters from Palermo dated 21stTotheHon.Robt McLane, Miniitcr Plenipotentiary ted State* of America for Mexico..ofthe Uni-provisions,andotherheavystores.H«rwholeinterna! arrangements reflect credit on those w ho designee^42,820 hales, including 1,800 to speculators and 9,500 to exporters.Thesalesyetterday(Friday)wereabout6-O00bales,including TheGovernorofthetown,AyaPendente,being -whowerejustabouttoahodtthemwhenthe.ChiefTruateee, a gentleman, who,like the President, ishopeful of its success. The Board have appointedCapt. Richard Girdler commander of the ship, Messrs.WilliamH.SkinnerofNantucketandWilliamA.Abbott of Boston as firat and second officera; Capt.George Coffin of Jamaica Plain ia commander of the reality. We should like to know how many of them practice schooner Wave—all gentlemen of experience,1,000 on speculstiofl a n d'for export, the market closing quiet atalarmed, took to flight with the Police. removed from office by the Minister. .Justice of Oaxaca arrived on the spot and saved their Uvea, but ordered them to be taken back to the city.the following quotationsH e has beenItisassertedthatGen.Lamoriciere left to-dayfor edwithgreatviolence,andtheGeneralinformedthomAncona. He dined yesterday with Gen. Guyon.At Manchester there is loss depression than at the commenoe- tion immediately. Even the entreaties of some of themexttoftheweek,butthereishotmuchdoingeitheriuClothor Yams.TheBteamshipCanada, at Queenstown 27thMay,BKKAnsTurrs.—Richardson. Spencece Co. report: reports that on her voyage from Boston, while crossing RcKigned to their fate, they loft Coboa, but aoon after-Flour *l*w, at 26/fl«3n/. Wheat In limited retaa request, at the Banks during^a dense fog, came in collision withmstmsfl* for RedWestern,and liy»12/6 forWhite. Cornthe brig Rover's Bride of London, from Cadiz for St.of ascending to the deck. The system of watertight Zoi&SiVfl. The weather continues very farorable for the crops. John'a, N. F., with' aaJt. The crew were all «safe, and pickets. ' ..., •bulkheads—probably the best security for the safety of PROVISIONS.—Wakefield, Nash .& Co., Bigland,the vessel, and which was very imperfect on the oc- A'rbya & Co., and others, report: Beef in limited demand, and casion of tbe trial trip—is now complete according to prkes rather lower. Pork quint, at about last week's rates.on board the Canada.NEW-YORK STATE FAIR.—The next meeting of theOnce moro outside of Oaxaca, Messrs. Hunt and Carpenter took th e road to Tehuantepec; but aa the adherents of Miramon are in possession of many vil- lngen-on the road to the last named city, and the two gentlemen being without pasKports from Cobos, thoyBacon quiet, but prices firm. Lard dull, and prices barely main- ened, under tbe directions of the Board of Trade. In tamed; retail sales at 57/-^58/. T»llowvery dull, and all qualir engines, both screw and paddle, Messrs. Summers and ties rath*r lower:,sale*of fine North American, at 54/. Butchers'Association uomlnal, at 53/.the original plan, and has all been carefully strength-'•,''——»;scarcely' inquired for: Mixed, S4/6; Yellow, 34/6-»8S/: White,by the Hon. Joaiah Quincy of Boston. W e hope thealterations, under the supervhrion of Messrs. Field, of and 29/1*-29/6 for New, sad 32/*®33/ for Tearls. SUOAKS quiet, people of Elmira-yvill provide in time for the regular flight good by escapee from prisons.Day of Southampton are making many important PKODCCK.—ASHKS qn\et at 28/'S>28/6 for old Pots, thefirmofMaudslayUField,andMr.Penn,whoareandlowdescriptionsrathere«ier.Coyrxndullandrathor meetingoftheStateFairFarmers'Club.constantly in communication with Mr. M'Leunau,the cheaper. RICH dull; sales of Carolina at 24/6®25/. BARK— suiesofBaltimore at 6/6. FISH Oil* quiet aad unchanged.fclR: I am an apprentice in the dry goods trade were represented by 781 delegates. Frederick A . po««*i*«d of the neo*a.ary tertificate, preperi/ •tpjvd.. If"Pike of Calais preaided. Israel Washburn, jr., of «om* time ago, to the LibrariwaTof tfc A w e a t W IItiathedesireofMr.HuntthatIahaUinformyou OronowasnominatedforGovernoronthefiistbal-Broadway,loradmiaalontothatiiwtitatioa.5R»ttorhow,;v«, refu«ed my application, on the jroond tiat, 1to their interpretation o f tho mk>» o f that eaUblUhmeot,not vlixibbi.- Thrralebearioaen tbia aabject .aaywt " A r f tice* 01 mechaidc* o r tntdcamen. and jouths employedprenUoea b y mechanic* o r trmdeamon, o n pxeaentationpropfi certfccaie.xoaytaM'oat hooka from the AmreoHee*Library, andahwhavetheprfvfl*«?¥***^**Pftto«oU»4i» thetablea,intheLibxary,wttbontehaMe."^l«w,ifweidsatt \V»>b*ter«ii»nthoritya«to th e true elraifioattoa 0 f word , t o o-The hold contains 250 tuna of ballast, two water•Theterribleexplosionwhichsignalized thefirsttrial inthenegotiations..in question would have beenop- niesintheBueToledo. Thepolice returned the fire CobbB. Mr.Hunthasbeen badlytreated; and desires waterwaysblue. ''." . ,,.^\,. ' ' ',:|.trip of the vessel is still fresh inthe^pabHc memory, posed by Austria. I t was, tbere'pre, necessary tO-ex- and wounded several persons. Strangers had taken me to lay before you a statement of hia misfortunes, in She has four boats suspended over the sides to iroia!andhardlylessremembered-inhersubsequentescape clndethePorteinordertoavoidtheadmissionofPied- hopesthatyouwillaeethatjustice!-iadonetohim,or davits,readytobeloweredata,moment'anotice.Her] andwassentfijingoffthetrack.; Thewonderisthat from the tremendous gale at Holyhead, when she was mont, and to confine the deliberations to the Great refuge under their national flags. The authorities had that the publication-of his .aufferinga may benefit and fpare and rigging appear well. At present she has! ali she was not killed instantly, instead of escaping withdrivenwithinfiveleetoftherocks,andwasonly Powersonly. ..•,, orderedthedoorsofthepublicbuildingstobebuiltto warnhisfellow-countrymen. heryaidaaloftfromroyal8downward,andwhenahe; somebadbruises. Itisawonderthat'justsuchacci-CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. functionaries, and the director of the official joarnal Dr. Gwin, formerly of California, and ndwof Arizona, her pupils. The hull haa undergone a thorough repair,; went from California to Guatemala. Our Minister haa been caulked from the keel to the covering-board,!caught eight of the stars and stripes floating so near—bv Ethan Alien. Sold to Mr. Bush of Vermont for12 hours; the next day, bryonia of tite 30th, dissolvedfor June, and 51/for the end of the year.The TKA sales to-day comprised 12,280 pkgs.?, o f xvhieh 6,700 sat or knelt in tearful and silent thankfulness. Several Mr. Buckh'n for $300. Lady of th e Lake, ninethe purpose. I t is not expected that there will be muchThere will on this evening be no sparring;, bepossibletotakethegreatshipquiteuptothe'Bat- spiritatratherhigherprices..CommonCongou,1/5^1ft,buy- tears,likesunshinefrombehindacloud,beamedan byCornet,whowaabyShermanMorgan,nowwitji &Co.,No.677Broadway,whohadbeendischarged*and, indeed, the only manner in which tery. ers. • expression of the deepest gratitude and happiness. Tne foal by Mile8 Standiah, aold to Mr. Jarvla for $145.!! :f on suapicion of purloining tho letters of the firm WMCIL7 the pugilistic world will be alluded to in the * TIN—Blocks 136/, Bars 137/, Refined 130/. Straits easier130/.entertainment will be on the occasion of the presenta- THE RELIGIOUS DISSENSIONS IN-ST. GKORCS'S-IN- TxjRrKNTiNK—Spirits of slow sale at 35/6"2>35/ for American in men looked as though they had just,been raised from, The next wa8 a gelding, Lightfoot, five years old, it was his business to fetch, from the Poat-Office, was 'A MAIL CARRIER STEALING LKTTEKS.—Edward 'ibissession. whichhavebeenengagedfortheoccasion.difficulty,asthereisplentyofwater,butthat,it-willsold,including5,000withoutreserveThesaleswontwithfairofthemheldinfantaintheirarms,andthroughtheiryearsold,airedbyVermontBlackHawkoutofFanny],,Cox,aporter,recentlyintheemployofD.W.Evansig*havevir- Reform bill,. &measure is 'a, the action >erdutywas; kppomtad tosent was d e - n the strong- police.ready for sea mSdent!vas- sy named f o r my i&aprove- great'ship.s telegraphed Mr. Merry's; h and a half.'se of Horror, ahead of tho was Umpire,sere were 30 - srard po^itiott iactuallead*against U ra- the age de- ration wouldi nave beenjr, the owner" alone. T h eie Telegraph. pers contra-coaditionof. n o t e r s o f the> [vantages u n -it. Mr. Saw- * abandon the ed, fn>d looks> restore th e Saagponanfetod. .eight ships,ntral Africa pooL Lord . SotO pl-ioort,ie nmaiona, *- odoction of* B-trade a n d 'a warning: cotton, and traders.as HORSE.is made upeverybody xrmodationa hanged the (first thingiethatthe ibe slightest a quarter of" rimmediate ere soHtary tginarycue- all, and the t-Officeand igiitesiailn-.^of the day. one Hide, to jSOBtemptu- totheraee- irspending; ,i&tdiiv, t h e kabiy firm rtrary.hav. ivorableim- lewhat un-e exhibited £10,000 o r trios. Thaiwas again he Downs, ery availa- ig to Derby ' nge."- Forauguid,aad . vorite, who ed firm, at weaehwere- batMr.Tea * Empire, the agahut Lkal the ground >dcloselyoxt ior« waafre- ,400 to 400 •ortewt priceah paper: Goodwood bewasre- * of any pr>-a triumph,'ga order a»w regard r*' usisanother* • iefeat mustr American n g ' O u r ' f )after week^screamer* a the race horses very* it betweenie paddock mown spot., kddock dism- issed to take iparticular. He*; but hie- ien?e crowd a,-tbe direc— i#okJiig iudi- rci.«:dat the totwiththe*e appear- •.'r.igixhfe matchinfcthe mos- irough «uci|deepair to the most exultant gladuess. sired by Ethan Alltn out of a Morgan mare,' soldi toThesceneofconfusiononbonrdthebark,whenthe Mr.HoweofBostonfor$400. Thenextwasapair senttotheCityPrisononThursdayfortrialbyUnitedday* evening next, a t Cremorne Gardens, London,casks. Rough 9/.tion ef the belts and the (stakes. The remainder of the THE-EAST.—Lastnightwasoneoftheworstamong InAMERICANSTOCKSthetransactions[continuelimited. We Aexhibitionwillbeofapopnlarand entertaining kind. themanyunhappynightswhichtheunfortunateparish quoteUnitedStates6sBondsof1868,98<2100;-5s,94©94J;Ken-„'Thebeltsareinthecourseofmanufacture,by Mr.C. ofSt.George's-m-the-Easthaswitnessed,andthepro- tucky6s,90S92;Maryland Sterling 5s.95.}®96; Massachusetts negroesfoundthemselvesreleasedfromtheaccustomed Dr. Burnett andMr.Garcelon.ofBostonfor$800-y.:HancockofBrutonstreet,andhehas,inthemost spirited way, undertaken to complete them in six days iron* the time h e received the order—aa undertakingceedingswouldprobablyhavebeenworsehaditnot Sterling5H,1C2®103;Ohio6sof1386,97@98;Pennsylvania5s, restraint.,-bafflesalldescription. Theyhad,ofcourse,The last was another pair of geldings, Black Hawk and Morgan, aold to Mr. Elliot of Boaton for $635.havingtranspiredinthefollowingmanner:Shortly after hia discharge, Cox, not satiified with what he had already atolen, approached the lad who was now the meeaenger of the firm, and proposed that a keyhhould be got tofitthe box in which tho letters were" carried, an operation which w as represented aa per- fectly eafe and quite profitable. The lad said he Would" think about it,, and told hia mother, through whoja first' which considering the elaborate nature of the work- chnrcn, took the principal part of the service. Not-beenthattheRev.A.H.Machonochie,whoisthe most popular-clergyman w h o officiates a t the parishall been kept on a very small allowance of food and water during the passage. The first use they made ofInscriptions. 85®86; Bonds, 36S87; Tennessee-6s, 80-5/82; Vir-ginia 6s, 84'3'85; Sterling 5*. 823*84; Illinois Railroad 7 # - centBonds, 80®82; 6a, 77'®79; Freelands, 91@92; Shares, 45^43 dis-count; Michigan Contral 8 W cont Bonds. 84'3)S6; New-York their"liberty was to satisfy-their hunger and thirst, Central 6s, 82S-84; 7s, 93©95; Shares, 70@TO; New-York and which they did by breaking into the bread-barrels ana Erie 7s, 1st mortgage, 88-®90; 3d mortg/ge, 75-©77'; Convertible water-caeks'..and then running about eating, drinking,'7Wcent,44-a46;Panama7$>-centBondsof1865.I(»®101; dancing,andscreaming,allatonce.Itmatteredbutlit- Pennsylvania Central Bonds, 90®92; Canada'6s, 113-©H4; 5s,phic .equanimity. Such a . contingency had evidentlyFront The New-OrleamPicayune.bed-cabma for 156youngstera, forming three tiers, withgangways between them. These are all numbered.In the wings there are tiers of lockers, which are al$J jured; it can be placed in front of a building, being or4half tht-ir hight. There waa a panic among the public Mr. Hunt, and Dr. Wm. M. Carpenter, a friend of reaches her station her sails will be bent for exercisingsaved from utter destruction by tbe skill and courageof her late lamented commander and the extraordinarytenacity of her anchors. But perhaps the misfortunewhich struck deepest m to the public mind was thedeath of the gallant Harrison, who, after a life passed The dates from the Cape of Good Hope are to the Sunday, but remained deserted. Yosterday the fire of paesporta to go via Mexico to Arizona. These tw o apace above painted; She has a tier of aham ports!: if they happen to be a moment toolate. In the preesnfehad taken to flight. The churches were opened on there and the President of that Republic gave them the bottom felted and newly yellow-metaled, and the1it is utterly impossible for the engineer to avoid then*takenplace. Thepopulationwere,anxiouslyexpect* anabrutalmanner,andwerebroughtbeforeGen.duced rate.The discount houses and {the joint stock ."banks had reduced and adds that it was believed that the. assault upon lives, and received daily the greatest insults, being toldwas struck and thrown off. Then the train waa stopped as promptly aa possible; j but i t was almost a fourth of a milo ahead of where the accident occurred;their allowance* pn deposits, in sympathy with the movement of Palermo would take place before the 27th of May. as if it was a crime that they were Americans, they the Bank. *Consols were firm, and advancing until th e 25th, when they Advices from Messina to tbe 23d inst. says that a were brought again before Coboa, who informed them became weak and declined } #>"cent, closing at 95-£#5J for both gloomy tranquillity prevails. The Governor of that they were at liberty to go.where they pleased, butmoney and account. . - - . ' • 1The returns ot the Bank o f England show a n increase o f bul-lion o f £ 416. «45.Mr. John P. Edwards ofBirmingham, hardware merchant,had absconded with funds amounting to £50,000.'LiVBRPOOL, Saturday, May26, I860.posts not to let any one pass outside the fortifications tendence of the Hon. B. C. Clark, who is tbe Presidents pected New-Haven train, while Conductor Bast*SLAVECAPTURE.againsttbeAmericana,and"thathewouldshoot;all those who feD into hie hand* .-....,..,-,.-,.. $m$i •'OITTITJSMS. ^^^^0W^^S^^0J^^I^Croton Ecservotr, and among o&ter thinga said thatmmfiie* hemelf an object of pursuit, the strange sail began to were io attendance, includinginany from Boston, jNew- ceived from lybya Scotia. I n this li»tr parfScdW-^^^*jfor such t?beproved to be) finally displayed the Frenchflagatthepeak. Bythis time,however,wewereso amountofabout$15,000. v-H Pr.KSRe~PNKt'MONiA IN* HoKsz.—A homeoptclAi^ii •The first s>ld w a s Miles Standiah, four years old,PI gf>, 58/ for mixed Nos. on the Clyde. all cloeoly covered over,.and as we continued to ap-LiNBBBn arrives freely from the East Indies, and to offoct soles proach, we could' even distinguish a t intervals the pe- weighing 1,000 pounds. H e w a a struck off to iMr. .a reduction of fully 6d. must be submitted to; 40,000bags Bom- culiarly loathsome odor of a crowded slave-ahip. Un- Bush of Vermont for $2,400. T;:e next was Joand valmtble account of his treatment of a case:of dj»-<-.^ ease iu one of his horses—the symptoms of which SOK resemble the terrible malady which is devastating tho- herdsinEasternMassachuactteastonaturallysuggeat thejinquiry, if the pleuro-pnenmoma may not exteml t* the horses of thiscountry as. woll as to, the homed %Foreign Refined 4276'2>48/; Brown 40/'3>40/6. Olive neglected;GaUipoli £62'10/'®£68. Sperm hasfallen to £95;,pale Seal hersidethantheharkhauleddowntheFrench colors,£36. Cocoa Nntfirm; Ceylon 43/ : Coohih45/. Palm 45/. and, as we subsequently learned, threw them and her I The next was Uncas, not quite threo*years old; sirpd cattle. i The horse w a s first observed, to lose, hifspir^i$1,000. - - - ., ,1:•]]. • SrBETEK'£2O.5/<5>£20W."^A •••'••,•«•'-;."^.;.:fK.;\-v.•<}Portuguesepapersoverboardtogether;sothatwhen byVermontBlackHawkout,ofLady,ofthebak^;LEAD—RefinedPig £25. r ' -ehe.wiisboardedsbehadneitherpapers.norcolors,and 'thusmakinghimthree-fourths,ofthebloodoftMcel- its,andt-benbisstrength. Thenextday.ashestoodRiCB-25,000bogssold;Bengalat10/3®10/9forlowMiddlingtoMiddlingold-.Madras10/, andMoulmein9/10Jforgoodnew.- rwasconfessedlywithout.nameornationality.boat reached,thesideofthebark,and theofficerin tas,"12yearsold,siredbyCadmusoutofamarebyim-" turbed. Hbweaknessincreaseduntilhecooldtcarceljr.',,4charge sprang on the deck, with a tremendous,shout move or stand. The treatmeott wasr'Aconite* thehatcheswereforcedopenfrom-below,andout portedShakespeare. Herpacingisthegreatestonthey were arrested by a band ofsoldiers in a moat rude .4,300 and 4.500 pounds each. She will be moored witajplace,appearedtohavecomeoutofoneofthesmall consequently her hawse -will!alji| houses that stand close by tho track, and started to cross,iatory proclamation of Gen. Larza had been coldly re- f>apera and could find no fault with them. Neverthe^ ways be clear. Viewed as a whole, ahe is a fine-Iopki|j with the train full in view, upon a long, straight line,"ing the result, which was not known. A very concil- Coboa. T h e General examined their paesporta a n dPrince Waloweki, the new Russian Plenipotentiary,COTTON—The Brokers'Circular says: "Therehas leftto-dayfor Naples. Itisassertedthatheiabearer wascertaindeath..Leavingthetown,the soldiers,or tionitself^inagreatmeasure,owesitexistence. Wei renderallneededassistance. Ofcourse,acrowd fol-ofgraygeldings,BlackHawk and-Morgan, soldto StatesCommissionerBetts theevidenceagainsthW"',of her crew; and abaft them a large pantry. There isa passage between these divisions, and aclearepaw .forward. Nexi iethe fore hatchway, with cross^lad- ders like those in ships, of war, so that tho deck mayof Dahomey. They are much superior to the Congos, in each side, which admits light and air, and will.bewho usually compose the cargoes of slavers, not only uaed for receiving her stores through, instead of hoiatr Since .roasting people aliye in tcnement-housos h a s in physique but also in intelligence. Nearly all are in ing thein over all. !;, become the fashion much cleverness has been directedexcellenthealth,whichisnodoubtowingtothecare- ful' arrangements made for their comfort on board th bark. Innumbertheyamounttoabout 450.;andth slave dock affords ample accommodation for them all During a passage of 45 days Jrorn the Gulf of Guineawithout a passport from thegeneral,this orderof Coboa of the Institution, and to whose exertions the insticu-jji hurried to the spot to learn the oxtent of injury, andbfficera could not change the order of their cruel leader.ward were addressed bv the Judge of the Supreme Court, whovolunteered"to pass them through theoff Central Wharf. To-morrow she will be dedicated!\iwitb| appropriate services, in which Gov. Banks is ex-pectedtotakepart. OnWednesdaythevesselwillbeopen to public inspection. In a week or two boys frooi who witxesaed the accident might take the lessen for tioe Reform School will be put on boardthe ship, to be one sufficient to last them through tbeir^wa trained in tho duties of seamanship. [Boston Trav., 4thiNew-York Agricultural State Fair will be addreasod were nearly, in every little place arrested, treated' in here to-day, three hundred and twenty-one towns TV ** Editor <fTh*N.Y. lYibime. » . ; •' 'that,besidetheilltreatmentand imprisonment which lot,receiving 429votes against 306. Thenomination -dtiefengineeroftheship. Tbedonkeyengines,the L!JO»wu>Oil.Ingoodrequestat28/6-3^9/. Rosixsteadyat4/5 NOVEL ATTEMPT AT IN-CESDIARISM.-^-A box ot hehassuffered,hehaaloetnearlyfourmonths'time, wa8thenmadeunanimous.. >breaking dOwn of which was the primary cause of the '#4*/6 for Common. Srmiw or TcKTHMTixn ojxjned.firm at an matches, carefully incloeed in a round wooden box, and is obliged to travel about three thousand miles Abner Coburn, of Broomfield, and William Millet«reat explosion, are to be supereeued by ordinary advance, but closed quietly at,W/e®8#. T y * raUy id., dearer Jeed pomps,and the great pi»ton rods,about which but Stocks fr»erally withdrawn to await lettersl>y the nextwere found in a bale of cotton neceived at the D wight against his will, and destitute of all his baggage and of Portland, wore selected as candidates for Presiden-Wills, in Chicopee, on Tuesday. They were intended means. Mr. Hunt will go via the United States, so tial Electorsatlarge. M someapprehensionswerefeltinconsequenceof mS&k MAKKKTS.—Mewrs.BaringBros.&Co. toignitewhenthecottoncameincontactwiththema- Boonasheshallhave,receivedthemeansOfdoingso. Aseriesofresolutionswereadopted,indorsing"the their great length, will be strengthened by report: WWBATqnietat but weekTii *iv*oc«! WWto Ameritw, chinery, but this was evaded by returning both matches It seema that Coboa made no secret of his hatred Chicago nominations, approving theRepublicaaPMlcentralstanchion*.ItisexpectedthatthroughW^OT/.Ked50*54/.Ftoaa,26®2»/.IKOKdull;Rail,and andcottontothepartiesIrojnvraoiutnoywerepur-sgainattheAmericans,becausehestatedtoDr.Cur-form,andstronglyrecommendingMr*VYaaaburu^orule*ofthatInttitation«v«m*>thorightofadmhudon,the<allthesevariousimprovementsanincreaseofEar*il»7/;ScotchT«t53/.SOOAS*dull,and6d.lower.Coy- chased, -.nx dull a»41^JL/l^ol*»Specf«lWW»*«S,.Tpt-nteraudMr,Huntthatui»countrywasatwarthepeople,ofMaineforGrovemox,• phai-toedopinionMthatfWtionarytethecontraryn*ri*-Actinj sndai adrloc, «ub»t>4uoutly roo^rod throe^k.;'I. • -•"'-; 3 < &R»<?a HaoUsajed.•uudinfivUntitled Documenttbe moat inhuman'manner, and could make only thei/BANIGOR, Me., Thursday, June 7, 1860,At the Maine Republican State Convention, held «. L S« T H E APPRENTICES' UBRARTV\tive;calculating,probably,likeagreatmanyothersteam-engine. Ofcourse she missedhercalculation,'dents do not happen every day; for every day people cross the track with such a degree of reckleasneas thatThe yacht Wave, of 105 tuns, which will be! forteachingtheschohorssailing-seamanship,suchaaateer-ing, heaving the lead and boating, ia nearly completed.She ie pilot-boat rigged, and has accommodationa forfifty persona, inclucungjthe captain, officers, seamen.COOK,steward,Sic: Themostadvancedscholarswill; wflichBhow8howim >OMible!t forbe transferred from the ship to the yacht, and after ! j l & ** engineer tocruiae of four or five weeks,.their placeswill be filled; avoid a collision, although he might see the objectby others, andaoonuntilalltheyoungstershavehad] 8ome distance ahead. Thetrain was immediatelya turn. The ship andyacht have been fitted by Messrs.!] backed up, audr a flagman sent back to stop the e xBrown & Lovell of East-Boston, under the superiu^J 1him, she waa upon the track, and in another inHtamgthe houses near by, to see " somebody killed." ; For- tunately nobody was killed this time, though hundreds of people were as unpleasantly shocked with the fear that somebody had been, as though it had proved theHi Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhismtory.com 