 THEPEOPLE8AYUNHOLYTHWGS. tetog propped up.The gas house took Are this evening,„wen, we presume, connected with the stage, as Master Barrett, at a very tender age, appeared oa the stage of the Federal street thntre, Boston, u Cora's child, to "Pimrro" Al theageof tweln yean—men tbie half a century ago—Mr. Barrett appearedito^bSSfL^ BeauxCouicrr—CtissIIS,flsYTsanum«awn^2 n "p«apectatonetimeofthetownbeingleftto The"Rogue'sMarch"Playedforthe buttiearewastunliygotBARBAamiS—8T A TK QW TBADX-r-SHIPPIKO INTKL- LlQINtl—APFAIBSAT1HKaAHDWIOHULANBS,KEC.9 r J O S X P H , S e p t . 0 , i 8 6 0 . Advtcn fnat California to August 26,ud fromtheDikeofMewcaatie.« a W * " S « < % » « W n j n > t » U * ' S ^ ^HE IS NOTTOBE BULLIED.a a whether this will PROBABLE »«ACTION. tbelaudingofthePrincetenoract.'conan^nl'l!ornaVio^ 5 2 3The Poac«*tCobourf,'the Kaagrton Firebranda if They A*.a*.BtUevito * a outet Utile country city of about 8,000 _hai> unto, built Hoof the Bay of Quint. II to n r -nd*i by a 1M forming cooiitey, whteh tea pound Its entire poputetton Into the etty, ready t3 «riMH the PnareTfc< cH y ted b e n abely decorated, ftboot $6,000 beingi-M:ta the i n < f af«w>wiMa»iiiiiiita*mmii «ttb piM trees-It * u oa the programme for the Prince to p u t through the t > n end take the reflroad for Oobourg u d Toronto. An-"»j the arehn, however, WII one with decorative In- signia, but with no Orange colon; and thte Col. View, of ihePrante tjoJto, declared to be sumcwtly ot ft party character to prevent the Prince from landing without a breach of tbe rule as laid downby (be Doha of Newcastle.Tbe Prince arrived la tha etearner Kingston at tea o'clock last night u d anchored opposite the city Every effort m made to induce tbe Orangemen to f i n op tb» lea of a parade and take down their arch, and last eight then eaten appeared about to te sucensful; but at tweln o'clock a delegation rrom the city of Kingston arrived, aec the Orangemen decided to stand or fall with tbeir Kingston brethren.Aff. eg other plan termed to obviate the dlmoulty was cue, that aB people who did not sympathise with the CrangeaMm ahenht a m u e tbameatna da a parttoahw street, and tha Prince be ashed to land there; bat this n_sdropped,Mftdisturbancewasfeared.Ear'ythis morning the country people eune pouring Itto town by thoueaads, and a large crowd tbrooged the wntr looking at the Prtnce'a ateamer. At six o'clock a depoUtiou of forty Kingston Orangemen arrived b y the gran, and marched through tbe streets in full dress with Colore flying.Abe.t eight ©'cloak Mayor Hope, OMof the most intel-ligent and courteous gentlemen in Canada, went on boarf theK sanieato the it decision of theOrangi men, who do not seam to be greatly excited oa the subject here and lean tbe lodges to do tbe work.Ira too anaoiinaesMnl of the refusal of the Orangemen to g i n up their parade, the Governor-General courteous ly conveyed t> the authorities the Prince's rasarn not to hud, adding that the Prince WII mush pleased at the sight of the city, and would tike much to visit It. He thought tha saaia atreet the Bant he had nana la Canada.The Kingston then ttearned oft* for Oobourg, w h e n s h e Is expected to arrive to nightThe people ootid hardly realise that the Prince had really gene, and that nil their expense had been made far nothing. Sonne swan that the Prtoca might go and be damned; others said the Prince was afraid to face bis loyal subjects; while among the crowd w e n Indies of all ages and condition, who encouraged tbe feeling, saying thati'thePrincedidnotwanttoawtheOrangsnea,the Orange-m did act want to n o him.Large crowds followed t h e Mayor t o the d u e erected tor tha reception of the Prince, from weicft beShirts: Snirul-slx for«S. Madefr(»tnb<atWan.snttasandwaia-twiUi*g_^f*_-»» eged 61 year.Hte friends an* acquaintances a nstreet, Brooklyn, witboot further aottce aa aka—t morning, at eleven o'clock. ^ ^ .naaaenwWraxa-Jotor J Wjxsx, youngest ana of Robert aad Hannah Wynne, aged t tantha,The friends of the family a n rnpeotfully Invited te at- tend tte funeral, tbte (Friday) afternoon, at twa - from285Firstavenue.MISCKL^MIEOUS.ADTiTBTrairfiTATfirB^ WOJtudKb NOTICIOSO DENUETA TORE, POri'LAK fPA>D5H"AMKRICAK PA PEE,BEST ADVEBTTBIKO hThTHtOMB T E R T B R A N C H O P T R A D E .CUBANS, IK raOTJtAKOS?TM ______ asmOTHER SPANISH AMERICAN VlblTEBS, amKOWBf THEOTTT,an ."..yonCIOEO _ _ j _ B l HAKOBOOE Al^fas^teaaanten-aateted free, aad notice inTERMS MODERATE_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Oirut 81 AsmT0CWheat corn's in slowly, and te taken freely tor export atabout $1 60 per 100 lbs. The supply of tonnage tea teenincreased by yntarday's arrivals, but anything unen-gagedtereadilytakenup. Theship Georgnhasclearedtor New York with 8,000 tacks, of 1C0 lbs. each, of wheat; to retire from the active duties of hte profession. Mr. 7.0C0 hides, nearly 6C0 bales of wool, a n d a n assortmenOurney'a Gallery.. Photographs.woukl enjoy themnalns, and said tbe officers would do everything to tbeir power to make tbe day pleasant. From tha arches and decorations they might a n that the city was at Meat loyal.The crowd then dispersed, with three cheers for the Queen, the Prince and the Mayor.Orange hands a n panning t h e streets, but a n every- where greeted with an ominous eiiencj, and regarded with evident dislike and suspicion. \ _About eight hundred Orangemen assembled In front of Dufor't, Hotel, led by Grand Mentor Squills, andg u nother than the Band will be permitted in the proaenion. After leaving hip Royal IHghaw at the Goremment House the procession will proceed to tbe place of reu- deaveaa, Clarence equere, near t t e toot ot Brock street, and then separate.In order to accoattacdato ton clerks It baa been decided that t t e arrival and departure of tbe Prrnceshould te re- garded as' whole holidays, aad daring the stay of bte Highness ia tbe city the public and other offices should be cloned at tweln o'clock each day.pay. The principal demand here is for white Michigan. which nils in ten and barrels at $1 62 a 61 56 for fair to choice. W e tear of no salts of State, and red wheat generally is held above millers' views Oats steady and tn fair demand: sales about 20,000 bushels, at 89c. for State u d Chicago afloat, and 88 ,^c a 89c. for State in n r lota Holders of corn hold oft. and none ia offering; for cargoesafloatIttesupposed64cwouldbepaid.Asale w n made of BOO bead of extra State bogs at $6 6 0 .BUFFALO, Sept. 6—1 P. M. Flour firm and in fair demand. Wheat firm and demand active: sates of 48.000 bushels No. 1 Chicago, in part to arrive, a t $1 lift il 12te; 6,800 bushels No. 1 Milwaukee club at 81 16; 28,000 bushels red winter at $1 18 a 8119; 28.000 bushels white winter, in part to arrive, at 81 23 a 81 23l ,. Cora to fair demand and firm: sales of 60.000 bushels s t 62>»c a 68>,c Canal freights steady. Lake imports—8,000 bb s. flour, 78,000 bushels wheat, 9,000 buehete corn.- Canal expor s—2,000 bblt. flour, 136,000bushels w h n t , 73 COO bushels corn, 8,000 bushels oats.Oawnao, Sept. 6—6 P. M.r Flour advanced 26c, but dnil; sates at $6 50 for extra State, 17 for favorite double extra city brands. Wheat scarce and market closed Arm: tain last night 9,000- ' ' - T —I n f f t iiH>«•During the slay of the Prince in Toronto there is to be a grand gathering o f sootebmen, when t h e n will be a cheers for the Qieen, the Prince and Garibaldi, nad contest for prists in all the national games of that coun-groans for t h e Prince".- advisers—the Duke o f Newcastle and S : Edmund Head—the band playing "The B o g i e s March nIn regard to the prevailing difficult!», one of the pa per- contain the following strong language —The purport o f the Duke o f Newcastle's' note was yos- terda? morning communicated to the Mayor of this city, and insome way or other the sewn got abroad, aad ero* atedadcfneef oacitesainl, act nattr among theOrnage- Ck-a,butamongeverydescriptionofProtectantsinthe c.ty, from the high nhurstenan In the meat bauble nsind-dMethod1st,whoall, with scarcelyan exeeptioo, ret*atheoonduotoftheDukeandGovernorHeed(who matt nave najaelted hist) aa insulting to them individu- al!* tad celteetively, ana they almost unanimously re- solved to nand by the Onagemen aad assist them la every way la their power to earry eut their programme, even'against the remonstrance of the Duke of Newcastle, CovercorHead,hisMutators,ant alltheIks in the rTovtoee. This to not earnintry.An aerial aanaatoa te atoo announcedfurther invitation. vary Cemetery.The rexcains will b e conveyed to Cal-Is a so emu Owtorntntloa adopted b yFlour steady.GtncAce. Sept. 6,1860. Wheat steady: totes 186,000 bushels, a tdeserted the wheel, and the bark was taken and brought back. On the 25th a hearing of the can washed by Com- mise'ener Browne, and it appears, in tho absence of any testimony whatever, to have been an act of piracy on the pat t oi dimming and his feliows, for which tbe ten of 1S45 award ten y e a n imprisonment.It is very much to be hoped that the tew will be car- ried out in this case. Commissioner Browne sent them alltojailtoawaittiereturnofJudgeMann. Thetruetent croc's in no way of all wta nrangeiam.87c. a 90>ic. for No. 1 siring, 84c. a 87>ic. for No. 2 d o ,closing at the latter figures. $108 a $106 for No. 1 red, iastore. Corn firm, and lc. higher: n l n 6,000 bushels,at 87c. a Sac., to store. Onto steady a t 20o. Receipts—8,700 bbla. flour, 137 000 bushels wheat, 83,000 bushelscorn, 18,500 bushels oats. Shipments—1,600 bbte. flour,Theletteraddreaaedtoton taanotherplace tellewhat ihe Orsnaemen intend doing; aad M tha Dake ofNewcastlteowwoouuldldceoonnsiult the Mayor'aad Beeen of aU thecities, and towna te Upper Canada h e would M a n that inever-,placethanamedttpnitionexiststoreninhisRoyalHghanawithalltaehononthe>Orangaeanana St.John,N.B.,te3beensoldbyauction.TtePrince's possu>!y dteptoy. If the pmenoe of the royal party iathis Province M to be contingent upon tbe ooune pur- sued by tbe Oraageamn, his Kxnllncy ^ Oorjne>f GeneralmaynrygentlyadtetohteGracetheDakeof Newiutle,aftertheirovailoaiaOttawaaover,tr-ibe it Lawrence at Ogamabarg at once, Par theCtaegemen an everito loj al that the sight of the royalthem together In tens of Umoaands_m nayliaitoteai broaght del Its.; t t e Duke of Newcastle's bed- sated, I f f be.: reception abate, oa which the Prion eat torenincompany,on.ad.;dretatogtable,withflan andmarbletop,£16.the St.John ffctet adds:—We do not grn anything like a list of all the artlcln sold, but merely tee above as tarn pto prices. OaantoCrtof all things, the prion paid w e n not extrangant—not man n , if we except tw» or throe articles, than than paid nt any private gentlemea'a sale,tax risrr TO DKinorr.The Mayor of Detroit has received tha following replytoaninvitationaddrnsedtothePrinceofMalestovisitthat citj" Mosnaat,Aofnt2«,18oO.Sra—HavingsubmittedtobteRoyal Highnesstoe Prmceof Watos your invltotton to visit,the city of De- troit, I have now the honor to inform yoo that it te thecent premium.CrxcnrsAn, Sept. 6.1860. Flourmarketclosedwithanadvancingtendency,atproof, however, is had to establish the fact that Cum- mings bad no part or parcel therein. The present owner w Antonia Peiletier.the same person who ted some diffi- cultyatJacksonvilleaboutthebark Ardennes.Keyfxnt::rffrenrTentett to Sandwich.from s e n n l tadJnAlone, hewent, It appean uReceipts—1,200 bbte. flour. 91,000 bushels wheat. Ship- ments—1,800 bbte. flour, 87,000 bushels wheat.if tbe tnteonefoaUnfoftteOranjen*-wmabouttoreceives check, and that the eonnervatire portion of the commu- nity would robuke that parilesa dteptoy which is aa a n - terinuyinterfertagwithttetrexpntattonofaroyalCityFmx ATQr ARAsnsa,—The fine eteamtug Maryland, ly togat t t e Quarantine deck, took fin about half past eighto'ciocl.yesterdayevening.AsshehasnotbeenusedsinceTaut. ___——_Sunday teat, it te supposed to te tte work of an incendia- Dye privately applied, at Mo. 6 Aator House.ry. She w n valaed at $11,000, and, unfortunately forCoaornc, 8 ept. 6,i860- intention of bte Royal Hlghnero to pan through your city, The atragfMaf but well built city of Oobourg is situ but that tbe limited time at his dtspnal w 11 only aliowOapt. Conklin (tbe owner), was uninsured, be having tot F u l l trf t n e Y e a r — F a l i o f t h e H a i ratedupon the ahoneof Lean Oaterto, ahoat ftfty miles aboveKiogstod,andteef.Off tobabttonbt.The city tea teen nhely adorned with arches, flags, cvergreeM aad transparencke. hi anticipation of tte visit of thePr.Bce.whowas expeetod to arrive b y atrain at four o'clock thiahisnotlandingatBaUavUlethe aadthecrowdatthedepot,eoaatatlagofsokttonaad ichool chUdna, had to postpone thair dhmtay tffl tetar to theeTtning. lhereallyteaanaaneaeeenttoMwanatos revised, to at to fnat towards the rlnr leatead or ana depot.At Beaevtlle t t e Grand Master ofan interviewwiththa Dakeofibat tte Oraagemn wan truly loyal, aad endeavored to pn^ide him to tend. The Dnko-s only roply was that te could not te bullied, aad the eplrit thus evinced alnnxyjourney. Vaat,Iten thehonortobe,ate,J*****TM""?*-MKWClflLEpartmentwereearlyonhand anddidefficientservice.Batcheler's amir Dye ia the Beat in the Tax NOBTHXKX LIGHTS.—If any of oar citizens bad arorid- Made, sold aad applied in appropriate private roomstaken tbe trouble to look upwards teat eight, about eleven at the wit factory, to Bood Street.ngaMn could te seen, aad this afternoon tte people throetened that if any of the Kingston Artbreadson they would g i n them a warm reception.Tha Prince arrived hen at nine o'clock thistend* n ball to-eight, aad sleeps to tbe Postmaster Gene- ral's LOOM, the ball room • reported unsafe, and hiMr. BarTe.'t. who died at ate residence, to this city, on Wedmlay, wwi bore at Exeter, Engtend, in 1791. Hte. a w w y n a^tt^taatotU^Umtir.tJmtt^amotimmm.itmmandITdaysTheiremains will be taken tenJem A.SWAB,and [_tThe funeral will take natiene thoatet rBanaawi > n -t h i r r e e e e o o ' ' c e l w o e c k k . , f f TMr o . N n K a h ^ J n a t ^ . Philadelphia, J ,A t n m e e t i n g o f H e Orangenm decided laTotovro, Sept. «, I860i tuiSkSW^bywith the eiliaaas' reception orSndwirhIslandatoAugust9,reached herethismorning and wis known by the soubriquet of "Gentleman by the pony express, George." At a very early age he married a beaatifulactress attached to the same theatre where he performed. SAS FaAJicaoo, August 25. i860. For' many yean Mrs. Barrett w n considered tbe best ArrivedatSanFrancuscoAugust84,steamerGolden highcomedyentreatontheAmericanstage. Shediedatloved Infant a n ofXMOA~—On_ i^s«5rSasris:5Tte Ftreats a n crowded to night, and thePrince ia expected to arrive tenTBS PRINCE A T TORONTO.Great preparations have been made la that city to ex-Age, from Panama; ships Nonpareil aad B F Hoxie, from Mew York; barks Hectra, from Sidney; Heton W. Almy, frtm Manilla; Johnson Stoll, from Hamburg; tchooner WildPigeon,tramNewYork.Spoken Angutt IB, tot. 86 def. 30 inin., Ion. 189 def. W., ship Monarch, tor —Boston four or fin years ago. The marriage w n not a bappy one, end the parties separated many yean ago. In U2J Mr. Barrett came to New York, and managed the Bowerytheatre,withGilfert. Thespeculationwnnot, we believe, very successful, and Mr. Barrett returned to the riv(•-•?, playing a t t b e various theatres throughout t b e country until 1847, when Mr. Alvah Mann engaged bim n acting and stage manager of tbe Broadway thntre.trodnetoeBENFREW SOFT HAT,I Uyhah,At215Broadway,oppositeiSt Paul'sehurea.to take ptoce, b y Prof. Steiner, to a new balloon, named, to honor of the oc-tonB—^>n Thursday morning, September 6, of con- sumption, MARY EMMA, beloved wife of Edward L. Cobb, agea 22 years. 11 months and 21 days.Ber remains will be taken to Newburg for interment. Eastern papers please copy.CRKVUMG -*>n Thursday. September 6, AMSUA Oaxv-casion, "The Prince of Wain "Ambrotype likenesses of tha Prinoe, encased in smallmedal shaped frarnn, a n quite frequent throughout t t e provinces, and a n often a n a dangling from t h e button- holes of the loyalists to protontonand elsewhere,rewcaorwAUB'CHAIR.Tbe chairoccupiedat theMontrealbailby bisRoyal HlgbncnthePrtnwofWatoaneeervnparttoater notice. It was carved with ft knife from part of Admiral Do Win- ter's ship by a Greenwich pantlpaei who tost ate teg to the battle of Camperdown. fan carver presented tbe chair to Lord Duncan, in 18M, on the occasion of Wil- liam HI. feaeg to Mate to Greenwich Hospital to celebrate tha anniversary of the beetle of Camperdown, bte Ma jesty occupied tha chair, with which he expressed him- self much gratified. I t WM kindly loaned to t t e commit- tee by the gentleman w h o now owns It for the especial use of his Royal Highness the Prinoe of Wales.bushels No. 1 Chicago spring, a t 8 1 1 7 ; 14,000 bushels much excitement on the night of tbe fi&i. A man claim-do., to arrive, at $1 16; 6,000bushels No. 8do., to arrive, ing to have purchase 1 the bark from flamel &Co., NewMSG. sister of the late Dr. Crevling. tn the 50th year of her age.Bcure apoplerKa, batons dtoeaaes and; dtoeaan reeeraUy.raises or wain' rcaarrrns. ThefaraltonaeadbyttePrionofWakeandsuitent161X00bushelswheat. FreightsArm,at16c.a16>,c.on wheattoBuffalo.BightexchangeonNewYork»*perownershipofthevesselmayyetbeundecided.Sufficienthim one night to remain there before proceeding on hishis policy of insurance expire teat month. The Fire De- warranted te save sad embellishment i our hair by consuiung GBANDJEAN, Aster place.ran visit t o ascanxu,Tte Prince of Wales aad suite win be to Cincinnati beTheyn. 14 ,c.••—IVEWHEKALD, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1860.TIE PBHCE OF WALES.THE«.W«EMKJSTILLOMTTN1TEIhenwennoatgaaofmOrangedemonstration.Heat-nveracompaniesbanatgnlfed&irintentiontobeparentscametotbtecountrydaringthenextyear,aad innana?* (J_tey)afternoon,attwoo'clock,frombartete'rer.-a hope that it will be quelled, and the ceremonies be chn rector lead b y t t e harmony which is so much desired.The two following r*>*oluUons, which were adopted at a meeting ofthe local Reseptton Committee, foreshadow tha attempts that a n to te made toit is believed they will proveResolved. That this meeting, in view of tte communi- cations o f the Dake o f Newcastle and Sir Edmund Head, beg strongly te urge upon their feliowcitixens, the Orangemen of Kingston, tha expediency of appearing la the procession without their insignia or full regalia, nad trust that their loyalty and attachment to t t e throne of Great Britain will induce them to comply with the re- quest contained to this resolution.Grace the Duke of Newcastle and tbe totter of his Excel- lency t t e Governor General, addressed to h is Worship the Major to relation to the proceesion to honor of his Royal Hlghneaa tbe Prince of Wain, It is ear- nestly requested that no party demonstrotion of any kind may take piece to t t e procession or in t t e decora- tion of any street in t t e city, aad that with n view to inenro this, all members of aocietiee te requested to ap- pear aa private citizens, and to arrange tne programmeamong tin maalvta to secure that end.The Mayor, la the meeattone, will communicate withtbe benea of the Orange and other societies and obtain anTae following te the programme of arrangements that tea bent decided upon,during the visit of his Royal Highness to Toronto:--I.His Royal Hlghaefs will arriro between three and fouro'clock P The approach of his Royal Highness will be by three guns fired l a rapid and his hadtogbyanynlsalute. Thereceptionwill take place to t i e eaaphfttM foot o f John street, Utroagh which the grand procession in honor of bis Royal Highness will move, a n d line John street, Wellington street, Front stmt, Nelson atreet sad King street to tte Government House. The illumination will commence at eight o'clock.H.On Saturday, the 8th September, his Royal HighnesswillhoiaaleveeatelevenA-ML AtthreeP M.hisRoyalBbjbnne will My tbe fcandsalnn atone of a pedestal for astatue of the Queen, nad will inaugurate tte Park. Thetemperance aocietiee will line the route through Kingatreet, York street, Queen street a a d the- College avenue.At ttalf-psat four P. a t his Royal Highness w ill review thavolunteer force on the parade ground near Spadinn avenue.IntheeveninghisRoyal Highnesswill bepresentatthe read,13:Pennsylvania Railroad, 41. Sight exchangetn707 BBOADWAT. Ivorytypes.Reception a t Oanaode Hall. The display of Are vorka a t the amphitheatre will commence a t eight o'clock P. M.m.On Monday, t t e lath September, bin Royal Highnesswill leave on an rscureJon by the Nerthtro Railway. A torchlight procession of the lire Brigade will take place in the evening.IT.On Tuesday, the 11th September,his Royal Highnesswill b e present a t the regatta o f the Royal Canadian Y acht Oab, at eleven A. M. At twa o'clock P. M. his loyal Htebnroa w1 Inaugurate toe Garden of the Horticultu- ral Society, hitteevening bisRoyalHlghanawill te present a t t t e grand ball in the Crystal Pafcme.V.Oa Wednesday, the lH h September, the departure of his Royal Tilgbarn will take place at an tobeeub-sequenuy announced.4The rest of the market unchanged.of New York, Lieutenant WALTER Mel ABLAXD, C. 8. A., to MAMIT A., etdest daughter of James Ashneld, Esq.Attbesame timeand place,by tbesame,JAMS*MCFAH- LAXDI MATILDA,seconddaughterofJamesAshneld,Esq., aUof brooklyn.PEXTZ—Borr —At West Bloomfield, New Jersey, on Thursday, September 8, by the Rev. J. Priest, Fsaoaucs PUTX to MART C. H o n , daughter of the late Rev. B. Hoff.Died.Avars—On Wednesday, September 6, of marasmus,PHOT 0. P ., Infant son of Alfred and Annie Ayrn, agea 7ele. eclic. parajJysatao s_ad deimngeeaentof thestomach, all of wbteb. when rrl«Inatinf in this cause, pot oa tte intermh- tent type or become periodical. Tbte ' Can" expels t t e poisonfromItebkxd,andcorseqnenilycures alikePreparedbyDr.JC.AYBRACO,Well,andsoldbyaO druggistteverywhere.uddresned them In a brief bat feeling speech. Tte price of admission to the grand ball to flxadnt 72c a 77c, anadeaaas. Provisions quie4 and unchanged. beta le;s than 1.600 person present t) witness theHe regretted being compellot! to announce that tweln tbe Prince would not land in consequence of the de-Coffee men active at 13#c. a 18*c. Whiskey dull aad heavy a t 22>»c. a 88c.Parunsxpnia, Sept. 6,1860.launch Tr>*-re were also a large number of rowooate in the river, waiting to welcome her to her future abiding plate. There were very few on board tbe Kieg at the launch, and they were chiefly those u Co had assisted ia her construction. In a short time the massive machinery will be in place and she will tetha Orangemen of the Toronto districtClarence tquaro at the moat convenient place tor the Brethren to assemble on the occasion. A sufficient num- ber of Mantels have b a n appointed to preatrse order and to carry eat the nfamitmia of tte districthave also decided that the following tuna, aad other, will te played by the band:—"Cheer, Boys, Cheer;" "Britiah Grenndien;" "Sato Britannia;" " R e d ,termiantlon on the part of the Orange Society to hack uptheir brethren la Kingston. B e did sot mean to say nay-thing tor or against their Society, but he was sure thatnineteen twentieths of the people Joined with him to refretting tbe circumstances, and In wishing that tbePrtnce might b a n landed without a n y such demonstra-tion. (Cheers.) He hoped the people from a distance White and Bine," and "God Save the Queen." No music alized in New York than tbe home millers are inclined torisen aad trucks deeofauM ia the m n t costly raanaer and trcm all accounts a greater dteptey of torobn, k.n- ternsaadfancv lights tan never before ten Prodnc*d. Tteflrrmeac/BnoJOya, Williamsburg. Jersey l£ty aad Hobokea contemplate joining Iheproconloa AlrnlyObltuar)-.6BOR6g* H. BARHSTT, ( OMEDIA.V.D r a w l s rtea-WOOO,n u t Wans,1 88 ?LM« ^dhwnter^ ^ 4prceeni.BXW8TOM TH1PaVOTIC.ArrIvoloftheOverlandPony Exprtst.AcnvrrrorTH*POLIWCIANB—SHOCKINGIKDIAK val. WenextbeatofMr.Barrett u tte "genteelandBtmai'd, are requnted te attend the faaeral, ton ceace, Ro. tUApmm B, without 'n haadanaw recaption to the Prince, and • the treabtosof toeOrangeaaaaead Cntholics do act again inter- Tha market bat lost much of tbe excitement which Mr. Barrett went to England, engaged several new artists,BrooklynCabinet, Imperial and Life Sim.OHAS. H. WnXIAMBOir, ahtablahed 18BLPatented Photography.—hiken Ohtea Taam, Cups, Brooches, Ac, Ac. 781 Broadway.fere with the arrangements, his Royal Highness will there agftin experience the hospitality which was denied him at Kingaton nad Bellevllle.characterised the previous week, and toe country trade appean to ten been checked by the advancing tendency of prices. Then te a good steady business doing at teatamong whom w n Mr Lester Wallack, aad organized the forces for tbe new thntre, which opened In September, 1847, wtto " l h e School for Scandal," Mr. Barrett playing Ch*i i. i Surface. Mr- Barrett soon afterwards resigned tbe Rtaee management of tbe Broadway, but afterwards resumed that post under the direction of Mr. E. A. Mar- shah, tn1851bemade thetourofthecountrywithhis danrbter. Miss Georgians Barrett (now Mrs. Philip War- reu). and soon alterwardswas compelled,by111health,The excitement there has been very great, hut there is QUOtatlMM, prion throughout being well sustained.Sailed bark Harriet, for Valparaiso.Photographs.-— Mlniaturs,of rosewood. Tte whole cargo to valued at $70,000. The berk B. F.Shaw tea cleared for Australia witn 600 neks of wheat and 2.0C0 quarter seeks of flour.The pony express arrived at Ban Francisco on tho 23d of August, with St. Louis dates of tbe 10th.The news from t h e Kentucky and North Carolina elec- tions puts t t e Bell aad Everett men in good spirits, and they are pushing their State organization energetically.BeiiV .t must b e accounted a s the veteran o f the Ameri- can, and, we think, of tbe English stage, as it isnow sixty-tour years since he first a w the footlights. Hte debut u Ntw York was made at the same time as that of Mr. WkH&ck, SbUior, la London. Mr. Barrett was a gen- t l e m e n o f a g r e e a b l e m a n n e r s a n d i r r e p r o u h a b l e p r i v a t e character.On the 26th ult.,'JoBH O'BKTXN SmnrairooAa, a half- breed Indian, died near Albany, N. Y., a t the age of 109Miniaturesinoil,andDaguerreotvpos.Notici.—The Eureka Sewing Machines Can now be purebaaedAad paid forte WUaU,T or MONTHLY IKSTAUCKKTB. Oflice, ISO Broadway. Clnbs supplied Agnate wanted.Btelnway & Sons' Overstrnag Grand and square Pianos are now conaidered the best manufactured; are warranted lor five years. Warerooms St and 9* Walker street,S a r a t o g a E m p »i l r r e e W W a a t t e e r r — — S S ui p e r i o r t o Contreeas water—The Eamnptirae Water is a perfect regulator, corrective and preserve of health. Sold by dru~iaUaod al hotels Eepot 13 John street, New York.O.W.WaOTOMAQO.There Is little State news. All the politicians are preparing for the four State Conventions, lo be held at Sacra years. Ilia father, Julm O'Brien, an Irishman, emigrat-mento between tbe 20th o f August a n d tbe 12th of Sep- tember .A correspondent of the Sacnmento Pttton write* from Virginia City that it te ascertained that a party of seven white men, who had been mining some time, were bun- ed to death near Pyramid Lake by tbe Indians. There charred remains were found chained to trees. Tbe head and chest of one of them wore not burned, and by this means the rest were Idealised as the party who left Cali- fornia for tbe Washoe mines in May, under command of Norman Oanfleld, formerly from Cambridge, Washington county, Mew York,Large numbers of emigrants continue to arrive at Car SOB and Honey Lake valleys, consisting mostly of fami ten.Sandwich Islands dates, per bark Yankee, are reeeired to the Ptb of August. The principal topic* exciting into- net a n acme developements of official Irregularity, of which particulars a n given, resulting from aa investiga- tion of the again of the American Consul at Honolulu,A bill before the Legislature for the establishment of a teak, with paper currency, was warmr/*discusaed, with considerable prospect of passln%—the papercirculatiouof the bank not to excee! $150,000.Tte ship Morning Light, from San Francisco, arrived a t Honolulu July 26. and sailed on tbe 28th for Barker's bland.The British bark Kathleen sailed frem Honolulu with a cargo of lumber about August 6 for Sydney.Wheeler & Wilson's Sewing Machines,Markets. nm.aJ>Kl,PHIA STOCK BOAMD,' tees no quinism or other In'jurious effeeta whatever upoa tbe coinstitution. Those cured1 by Iit are left uaahealltthTy n tf they had never thead the dtsesseasne.PBxuAsnLFma,Sept. 6,1800. Stocks firm. Pennsylvania Bute o's, 08; Rea1<0| Railroad, 21 1 18; Morris Canal, 67v%\ Long Island Rail-Feveraadaguetonotalonethteconaesoqueenacneaof thte1nmalicpoison Agreativarietyofd(hiseoardtersarisefromUstrri- tUa t t k k imu , , a a m m o o n n g g w w h h i i c c h h a a r r e e n n e e u u r r a a l l g g i i a a , , i i at o n m a t t o u , r o w , h e a d sent, blindness, toothache, earache, catarrh, asthma, nalpttaMew York at par.NEW OXLEAVS, Sept. 6.1860 Cotton firm: tales 8,000 bain at 10 V - a 10'ic. for middling. Flour closed with an advancing tendency a t 80. Sugar firm, a t 9'- c. a 9>£c. Provision quiet, butfirm.Nsw OSLSAMS, Sept. 6,1860. Cotton ant: take to-day 8,000 bales at 10^o. a 10%c. for middling. Floor from f a 90 a $6 96 for superene. Corn—Aa advancing tendency: s a i n a t 66c. a 75e. SugarMOKABUKD—AsanxxD.—At the Church of the Restorattor,onWednesday,September5,bytheRev.Dr.Bawyer, tton.painfulaffectumofthespleen,hystericapainin'thebow-quiet at 9*c. a 9 X * for fair to fully fair. Molasses-Prim irregular, M en pork held at 822 Lard firm:rales in barrels at $15. fincon firm. Freight and ex- for furnishing her wttii her engines, Ac. changeunaltered." WHrTsTB PATEKY LEVsTJS TRrnaj)FKMALK SCPrOBTKR" ORKOOKYA<» l^ProprietoWholesale and retail at te Pet a pamphlet.A TTENTIOK, Kl~gMEK.-THEMORNIKQ COPRIER AND KKQCIRKEIs now on tale at Cests per 0007, from therewillbemadeaVERY LIBERAL DISCOUNT TO DSALKBA,Who will be snpphed thronxh the principal sews the office, 163 PearlALWAY8 80MKTHIMO HKW.-PROP. WOOD'S storaure Cerate!and Blood Renovatorto,wthe beat tonic cordial in the vortd Tothosewhofrom ireneral debility we would reeommand its «it ia pleasant to toe teste •to atnagtlaauacts theiwill at once tend to remove all imporittos of the bte dica»c all traces of etoeeae It can be taken by * e stomach, while those m feod heaJth wiil at once feel Irating power. We are osrdUent that after ualng owe _this cordial no one will be for a day without it. Depot Ma ate Broadway, and sold by all i"AT BVXRDKLL'S-WSBBINa CAMDB, KOTKB, A C . - 8eetoeonnMbsaansatontOpa,ne., only atSa>trBi-ad way ooraerofDuaae1AT ST. PRAKCIS XA VIKR-8 COLLKOR, MO 4» ' Fifteenth street, between Fifth aad Sixth arenata, studies have been wanned. P . DURTHALLKR, rAT WM. KYBRDELL'S «OH8. tot PrrLTOR 8TREBT- Latest styles Wedding Cards, Envelopes, Ac (Established 1816.)AT WASHINGTON HEIO«T8, HTJDSOK RTVKR, FOR ty-five saawates by railroad and steamboat from Caa— b-ra»treet,jutovacated,acommodiOLSauttofRoomstothe Woodland Park House. This house, surioanded bv thirty seres of highly picturesque —ounds, situated te the luuadl ato vicinity ofBteh Bridge aadTort Washington, to una irpaased for btauty o f scenery and oonveaianee of access. Bill—rd room and bowhng alleya on the place. Good atab'lng. The car* atop eighteen times and the siesuhoat twice daily as from of the place. Application for rowan can be uaae at tbe HotelS t Germain, ooraer of Fifth avenue and Twenty seooad street. RANDBETH'S TKOKTABLB nMTVERSAL PILLaBaLYmoas, Sept. 6,1860. Howard street and Ohio a t 8 6 , and City Milis held at tbe same rate Wheat fl:m West- ernwhiteatSt88aft 40;red,$120a$130;Southern, 81 40 a 81 75. Corn active: yellow, 70c a T3c ; white,?rie wis very hamlseaiely decorated withflags,and months.with tier fine appearance attracted the attention and won BARRETT.—On Wednesday, September 6 , Gnoses H . tbe good wiEhes of all. Although the majority of tbe EAKIUIT (Cemedten), In tbe 67th year of his age.Flour quiet andsteady:Bis friends, and tbe members of the Dramatis Pond Association, are respectfully invited to attend hte funeral, from his kite residence. No. 1 new Canal street, corner of East Broadway, thia (Friday) morning, at eleven o'clock, without further notion.BASSEOSD—On Tuesday, September 4, of chronic diarrhoea, Bin— W. BASSFORIJ, ia the 68d year of his age. ' The rctativt s and friends, also those of his brothers, Abram u d late Thomn,are invited to attend the funeral, this (Fr: ay) afternoon, at one o'clock, from hte tote resi- dence, No. 62 East Twenty fourth sunt.BEXL—On Wednesday, September 5 . a t Saratoga Springs, ISAACBBLL, of tbte city, m the 93d year of his age.Notice of the funeral will be given hereafter.BRKAKSMAR —On Wednesday, September 5, in this city, of »holers infantum, WALTER Gnoses, youngest son of The mas and Frances J . Breaks pear.West India, Birmingham (Eng) papers please copy.Braanj—On Thursday, September 6, Mrs. A s n Braves, widow of tbe late James Byrnes, of Greenpctnt, Brook- lyn, aged 44 years, native of Bundalk, county Louth, Ire- land.The friends of the family are respectfully in-ited to at- tend the funeral, from t t e residence of her brolher-in law. Thomn Hammill, No. 132>i Seventh avenue, New York, this (Friday) afternoon, at half past one o'clock.CABILL.—On Thursday, September 6, after a abort ill nets. PHIIJPCAHOL,aged 28 yean and 4 months, a native of county Cavan, pariah of Caraha, toantend of Car- lehone. -Hi* friends and acquaintances a r e respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from bte late residence, 118)4 Amity street, oa Saturday afternoon, at two o'clock, withoutFlour buoyant tales 1,600 bbn superfine at 66. Wheatbuoyant: 6,000 bushels red at 81 41 a 81 45: white,81 41a 81 66 Cora steady Lard, 13»4c. a lG^c Whiskeyat She. a StJkC. Coffee firm: Rio, 13#c. a 14\'c; Laguay- lready for her trial trip- she denrvn.We wish her all the success thatALRAST, Sept. 6,1360. Flour—Demand not actiro, and prices unchanged. InThe Slave Trade.OCB KBY WEST CORRESrONDKKCE.KBY WE5T. August 26,1860. Ditckarge of (he f>tw of (he Prize Brig B-vugV in by Lieutenant Jantt—Movement* rf the Wyandot, Cru- sader and Mohawk—Attempt to Run Atvay v.i:h the BarkWilliam, and her Mecajiture, dc.The crew pf the prize brig broegbi in b y Lieutenant Jewett bad a hearing before Commissioner Brown, and were all discharged. T h e brig will probably b e laid u p until tbe return of Judge Ma.via, when she will be li-belled. Captain Maffit would have doubtless sent her eteeirhere, as lets injurious to the vessel, than await such a time, but I learn that he could not spare his time with- out much tnconvnience. The perishable artlcln on board were sold on the 23d b y the United States Marshal.The Wyandot and Crusader are both again on tbe coast cf Cuba, and the Mohawk sailed for Pensacola oathe 2Sd, to overhaul her machinery.The bark William, which was sold by a decree of courttome time since, and again changed nands by a n l e t o her Spanish captain a t the time of capture, gave rise towheat very Utttota doing, a n d better prices being nat thePark theatre, to tbte city, u YoungNordtCo.'scomedian'' Of t b e Boston theatre. H e w a s distin- guished for hte fine appearance and manly bnaty. I a s u c h p a r t e a s C h a r l e s S u r f a c e , R o v e r , Y o u n g M a r l o w andBobHandy,Mr.Barrettachievedahighreputation,WD a v i d ' s F a l l 8 now ready.TX.,»ed toIbis cotntry about the tear 1749, andsoon aftermarried a young squaw of-the Stockbridge tribe of Indi- otttee 806 Broadway, Mew York.ans, of whom w n torn John O'Brien Shenandoah, tothe y n r 1761. Tbe father, being a man of means, sent Grown* dk Baker'a Celebrated fVoleelon his son to France to obtain a good classical education. Sewbu Maehtses the best In use for family nwtag. e n Remaining there until be had finished bte studies, be re- Broadway, Hew York, u d IB Pulton atreet, Brooklyn. turned to the United Mates in the same vessel that boreAmerica'^ trre friend, Lafayette. Young O'Brien s h enaadoab was present and took an active part ia most ofthe battles which a*re fought between the Americansand Erglteh.GEORGE CHRISTY'S Misfsnuos —This famous band will give tbeir farewell concert in Brooklyn this evening.Laurnitof tneSteamshipJotuiP.Ring.The tteasaship John P. King w n launched yesterday af-jointbeOrtorofEqual Bights ofhVten,atHOLMES Picture Gallery, 198 Broadway. mmmm——a———————-J—aa—_____*——a•iHnrrtaa, /AKCEKSOS—PEIOKG.—In this city, on Thursday, Sep- tember 6,bytteRev.Thomn C.Strong, DAMXLA.ASDKBSOK to ELIZABETH A. DELOSO, all of this olty. BASS—Paiscat—At tbe residence of the bride's father,aattn tnbitery eeraageanal, eaand bytoeaaaterte autecomtbin.Mooneremedyislouderrailedforby the aina_liiif Americanpeoplethanasureand safecureforfeveraada Such we are now enabled to offer, with a perfect certaiatyit will eradicate the disease, and with aaauraace. fourteen • proof,thatnobarmcanarisefromiUuseinanyqnanttty.depth of bold 21 feat, measurement 1,660 ton.have a sn.jie beam engine, with a cylinder 72>j' inches in diameter, snd 12 feel stroke; two boilers 28 foet long.The bonr desifrojted for tbe launch to take place w n oneo'clock,andfursometimebeTorethathourtbework- m * : : w o r e b u s y p r e p a r i n g h e r f o r h e r n e w h o m o , t a k i n g away the star-Ueons that supported her sides, aad making the way dear for her descent. At leu n.it.jtes rati one the word w n given to let her go, and tne brgan to tilde slowly, but grace- fully, down the inclined plane, and In less time than It takes to v/nta ,t, she was ploughing her way towards th? Long Island share The stcamtugs Satellite and Sa- turn were In attendance to tow her to her dock, and la a vei > sbcrt time they worked her bows round and beaded for the chore. Owing to some slight difficulties It was nearly tw o o'clock before she was placed broadside to the pier, where ate will remain to take tn her engine, boilers, ftc.. and to finish whatev Tcarpenter work m ay yet te necessary. The Alain WoAs h e n the contractspretatori mre of the sterner sex, still there werea num- ber of ladies, who materially added to the scene b y their presence and hearty applause. There could not haveShe willat $ 1 1 6 : to-day 18,000 bushels No. 8 Chicago spring, to Orleans, came over here, and in the absence of the Spa-arrive,at8116;10200bushelsredwinterOhio,toar-nishcaptainwontonboardandtookpossession.Asthe ThefriendsandrelativnofthefamilyarerequestedtoBow?Beeauaetheypurifytheblond,aadremoveailobstrae-rive,at$186. Cornveryscarce,aadheldfirmlyat68o.:no&aks. Oatsindemand:sates5,000bushelsState,toarrive, at 84c. Barley firm: sales 7.000 bushels Canadian,vessel nad been uanbLo to obtain a register, and her movementswere suspicions,themeuofyargaveaneye to her safety. The Mohawk left for Pensacola on tbe 23d, thus leavthg our harbor free, aad that nightattcrdtbefuneral,fromherlate residence,No.176Hud- bonstreet,on.-"aturdaymorning,attn o'clock,without frtrtfcer invitation.GAU-AI.HER.—On Thursday, September 6, Mrs. CATHE- RTM: tiALLAI-UXK, aged 28 years.The. friends of tbe family and those of ber brother, John Wbaton, are respectlully Informed that her remain will be conveyed from her late residence, 559 Second nve nue, on Saturday morning, a t half p u t nine o'clock pre- cisely, to St. Stephtna' chuich, Twenty eighth street, where a ao'emn High Mass of requiem will te offered up for the eternal repose of her soul: and at twelve o'clock will be removed to Calvary Cemetery for interment.I ',.IM,I.\H.—On W ednesday, September 5, FU.ES, the be- loved wife of John HooginaTbe friends and acquaintances of the family are re- spectfullyinvitedtoattendhsrfuneral,frombertote residence,364WestFortysixthstreet,thte(Friday) mcrning, at nine o'clock. The remains will be taken te St. Paul's church, in Fifty-ninth sunt, betwnn Ninth andTenthavenun, for Interment.Hortiinon.—OnThursday,September8,HEXKTB. HOI CI—OX. aged 24 years.Hn means will be taken to BraHltboro'. Vermont.JonxEos.—In Jersey City, en Thursday morning, Sep- tember 6, GEORCK H , ton of Arthur S. Johnson, of Ithaca, N. Y., aged 19 years.Tbe remains will be taken to Ithaca for interment.KSASE— On W ednesday, Sept a, R o n Atnva RMAXB. youngest daughter of Hugh and Mary Anne Knne, aged 11rmutba.Tti<; fritnds of the family aad those of her uncle Tho- mas, are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral tbte (Friday)afternoon,attwoo'clock,fromtteresidenceof herparents,99Cherryatreet,corner01Oliver.1-AMs—At Brooklyn, on Wednesday, September 6, CAiiiAhi.Nt MARIA, daughter of John Lane, lately deceased, formerly of Ritkatkln, county Cork, Ireland, aged 19 years, 6months and 5 days.The relat;m and frienda of the family are respectfully Invtiedtoattendtbefuneral,this (Friday)afternoon,at two o'clock, from ber late reeideon, ho. 18 Hudson avenue, Brooklyn.EanraspappTi please copy. _ttons from the bowels and ctKrutotloa. TheirtimelyeatteasavedassayaUfa Paidat2P4CanalatreetfartthecornerofBroadway)tea894 Canal street, Brandreth House.Ha 4 Oaten nuare,Campbell's, corner nagktk avenue aad Twenty eighth street, and by all respectable deatera Price 85c. per boxBOOTS, SHOES AMD GAITERS POR LATHES, OKWttemen. boys a a d youths.—ad those wtohtng 10 ixHaktbesutifullyflttiajr pairs, at aaodenaU nriees, planes vast e » ,HILL A WOOD'S^embbehment, 617 Kroaderay. b e t Houston and lUeecker opposite Laura Kaetoe'a.CHEAPEST IHaWJBAKOK IX THE WORLD. W e a n now making, wataowt eseeptton, the erer offered to the public Oarf 'whenexposedtotteAre,tette1Proof Safe stein tbe wean. Aay one about to par-ban ten- questedtocallandexamineforhimself Wegivetheter tafetortheleastawney.STEARNS A MARTTK. 848 Broadway, corner of Worth atreet, Mew York.CHARLES' LONDOK CORDIAL OIK DEPOT EEMOT from40Brodv.ayto91Libertystreet,fourthMorefrom^pHsBXT- GROVE WHISKEY "-KOTICE IB BERK \J by given that myWhtokey of thias select brandis for aate in few fork "only" at 68 Cedar astreet_,two4doors c tetewttePott office, by CH/RLE8 ILL1U8. aole Mew Tork asreat. AM pertonearecauumednottouaemy trade aaark,or liiiltallnanPOEMS.BOKiojn,nmtjwroMA^ W^AE^ \J J^lnuandalldlaesaa^oft-efeuejred. , f * ^ P ^ » ° ' iu«mvenlence to tbe patient, by Dr. *ariIA«I-. amrgeo. <>lror>edtot.7WBroadway, neferstogoonsoftheeltx.•CIACTS SPEAE POM TBMaUOUfWLMr Lamar, of Cuthbert, Georgia,and Mrs. Wearer, of AJbavCoLrummlnga,ofApalachlcola.Plorida,wneoretyafflicted withdiaea»eofthektoneya,andafter allother Hismlliajbad failed, was cured wahD_. J. BOVEK DOTVf IMPERIAL WIWR BITTERS. Eun.lrtdslnthiseHy atone have teen cured of Irvap—ata, DebUttj and general bad bs*Hh by these valnable BITTERS.on private terms. Canal frelghtafunchauged, at 85c. onflour, 10c. on wheat, 9>ic. on com to New York. Lake Captain Cummings, as he styles himself, with five others,imports—10 000 bushels wheat. 6,000 do. barley. Canal got tbe bark under way. Pursuit was made, and whenexports—6,748 bbte. flour, 88,000 bushes whnt, 24,000 about Ove mites diateut they were orerbauled b y a pilot do. corn. beat and tbe bark fired upon, whereupon t b e helmsman$626 for superfine, October delivery. Whiskey20c Westcontinuesunusuallyhealthy. Wheat active and advanced 2c. Bacon closed buoyant.Sight exchange on Maw York >i per ront premium.o'clock, they would ten nen another of tone brilliant C l i r e h u g h ' s I l l u s i v e W i n . P a r t i n g s twecn September 26 and 30 On the » t n of July Mayor cerulian displaye which a year age attracted theatten- trnstalnable, to be bad only at his factory, 2W Broadway, op.I.ii'Lca.—Suddenly, on Wednesday morning. Septem-ber 8, of dropsy, Mrs. E^BABXTH L—LCM, wtfo of tbe tete and we a n tn dally rentes of tetters from our agents from altBishop addressed a note to "His Grace the Duke of New- castle,"extendingtothaframeotWatoaandsuiteanin- vitationtovisitCincinnatiaa<ipartakeofHihoepitali- tin, and on Saturday te received t h e following reply,poatte A. T. Stewarts, corner Beade street.HilFa Hnir Dye,SOcents. Black: or Brown Depot,No.1Rarclajstreet,andsotfbyalldruggists. lateittabte heir outline.parts of the Union, giving an accow t of most ssA—eriliuaij enres. A n agent from Greeneoro, Georgte, wrmes us:—•r-leaaesendmeanothergrossbyfira:ateamer." aUuyP* sonstotitocountrysgsjjyasnrtthatthentoworevtrtnetoBE. DOD'S MisTK MITEhS than si! other medicines tn the world.They have worked woaders in fob county Pg___M__j__b aVaabradPiwixto-s.tion of tte public so generally, and excited both tha fearaadwonderofthebeholders. Ttephenomenon InsteveningwnOftbemostbroutifulcharacter,and,as critics sav about new bcoke, MweB repaid an examine- Hon."Tax WsArore.—Departingsummertamedyesterdayto 8ih—Itennbmitted jour letter of tha gtohJulyto give us one lingering look before betaking herself finally bis Royal Hlgtoeta the Priaro of toe toher -mansion iatheaktea." Ia the morning atewaswithout further invitation.McCAt—trr —In Jersey City, on Thursday,vts— Mosrsjtai.August96,Resultrrom the,ur' oi informing you that his Royal will in a tecbrymon mood, end bedewed n altehtly with her the ladies. Use f hates"• Bnow Whits Oriental Cream. Cmctonattn bto way through theaeaw» *- UBF s i i a a i a . j *rm< ansae >«vtoos to obliged, on nc- of the tuna at hit disposal, to de- of the President,aadheo to more prosaic description, the thermo- meter :n our office •toad at_86^aegnn at three o-ateafc.ftgatete-to^waTthe akw. ladtea t r to. Bold by ail Price 60 cents per bottle.—Laura LiquidTbe friends and relativn of toe tomilyjan ranaXhllT mvittd te attend tbe toamn^^^tejr eftwaeee.jat two o'eteak, fnm his late rnldnn, ooraer ofMiiWAmn, Sept. 6,1889.London Club Sauce.—Ttels Snmee, Cele- brated th'oi gbont Europe, and warmly recommended by the 96o. for No. 1 tn store. Ntthing doing in corn or oats. celebrated freuch cuialnier, 6oyer, peasetsea an unrivalled richness and delicacy of taste. Imparting a rel'sh unsurpassedby all ether sauces to readv made dishes. Itsflavoris< aareeable; and no one accustomed to its uae would care to ait iTa table loaded with tbe richest viands without it. Sold by allrespectablejrrocerseverjwhere. A.J.PABKBR,whole- •ate stent for the Catted StatesCristadoro'« Hair Dye,Wigs and Tou- pees—Tbebeetintheworld.Wholesaleandretail,andtheFlour steady. Wheat active, aad So. a 4 c higher, teIntelligence,be beiwMB.the inn; butatetoondriedthem,andalldaylongcontinued "Ladles' Beaut!fi<-r."-PhaIon & Son's1 am, air, j*•qnal for nantf- akio. 438 BroadLife Syrup. It 81 per bottle;Curedleft « - »—HE CBRAPKST Aim BEST LIOHTNorjn w^2TsaenaTink*.fpftnt.^ eeyashould *JfWeen«£ebeeu a school of them ptoytognenad the slip for fewdapa.Acncwf e»give, teat aight, with<> tne pr'.nipal roles. Thethis open te familiar to the public. H « nry frtqnatu. The only noticeable ntebt n a n to tbe acting of tha younglainn^S^af5»» ,—J. ft months and 8 4 d a n .wonderfaLbe »:vn. w'.t^ Mme Oortetl and nailete on Satcrday, 'isxceltent toll jnttosd4m(--otte.1 _ 4 a-sTXWO TBf JCLsW*KiW9EMaW».<ki set— si.wWuanaateb _ marked totprotemeat. Mfes Petti to»«». w« letoatheaBtrao-ofKryalp«la«fro»th»aya auanyin* theto,aa*nmenKaaa> AWanswert.Win l l£PHSXTS—On Wednesday, September ft, Gnoses, only lkt of George A.Jr., and Beten Phelps, egad 8 years RTAK —On W ednaday, 5, Maitra RVAX, toIbe&H year of hte age.The frtendsand relatives a* tte family are rnpntfollytovteed to attend t t e faaeral, thte (Friday) afternoon, at two o'cteek. wttbeat farther notice, frem his tote nai-a/avers lathe n t e -anatricnyUntitled Documentlatekda88 par I atojn.laasteean*..Beautiful Women"use of Pnaton's Iiqexl Snow Watte Oriental Cream."A Clear Complexion" ia Desired by all_ ... . . . _ „ * ? ! « • • " » THOWASJouro:,theyoungestsonofMaryAnnand Hugntend tbe funeral, tots (ftrtoay) •«a TM?_4_,^:p a 2 tour o'clock, from the resldenn of his parents, ho. 7 4i £ ^ $ r S 8 & . oaThursday, ftptomter 8,af- ban' to ibackjoufor to bestow her warmest smiles and tendernt glances upon LiquM Paow White Oriental Crenn, for beantifjrns the com- te?a^nn iUneaT^aU Ma^nn aged 88 yens,or Extures, warranted toe beat.EDWARD SWIPT. 102 Centre suOpposite the 1LADIES RKTURrtlNQ »ROM THK OOUMTRE-iLA- dtoo Gators alUa. 8twxa_ twtetxndb atotes^fPto Tlr 11 BIIIMII 1 i^trsrrr* — — ****• •* strkaeeA prtoea at i. B. MAXES A Oft«. m Oanelatreet.as bavin*—Incipient W6aP "^Mo-o'lSSa - O . Thursday, teptenter « JOHAX1PR1KK_ MMWor-ts eiiptir-.pcaantHxro naotrw astkstepastMtkaua. n Mrd PUor. erkk pririirspKrys 1pelas Poalt 1voly C u tof two ween' need* was of HoilowaT'a Ptik aatojatatoeeat&'<*<{o f t h t O c l a "•CO.,ras Class 115ax«n)AB.-Oa Thong*/, a»,wifoaftnatetoJeangtiii 1White,the Hatter,will.ThisDay,months and 81 days.The funeral will take plan totetwoo'clock,fromthernldnn0 intton atreetTWAL—a—On Wednesday mor •g, BHerring's Pntant Champion Firetenter proof Safes, 251 Broadway, corner of Murray street.AYEB'8_ AO—8 crrnn,of Pearl.~ * pWicxs-On Yharnday afternoon. Bsotenber6 af n -Mew York. .Sons of Eden—10,000 H e n Wanted to BiUpusKcvera-tndeedforthe whole stem of M TJJSiternoon, from Weatervelt's shipyard, foot of Houstonstreet. She is owned by Messrs. Spofford, Tileslon &Co., by tbe Rev. William A. Bartlett. on Wednesday. Septem- Prevetikm is bitter than cure, for tte paaent eseapea tte rstka n d i e i n t e n d e d t o b e r m b e t w e e n t h i s p o r t a n d C h a r l e s - ton, and will be nmmanded b y Captain Adams, lateofber 5, AuantT B. BASH to MART M. PRINCE, all of Brooklyn. B K A T I V B — D A M S — A t W h i t e P l a i n s , o n T h u r s d a y , S e p - tember 8, Gsosea H. Bnams, of Poughkeepste, to nUnrwhich to moat run in violent attacks o< this baksfnl 1'T 1 0 h 1 i a a ' - c c u u r r e e " • e e x x p p e e i l a s t — h e e —m i n s a s —a a i i c c p p o o w a t n u n o o f f r r a t r r e e r r a a n n d d S a n a a f r a tha aystem, and prevents the developemeot of the dawaee if takenontheflrafaaaanauh1ooffttoopprre-mononilUo—oryaruDtoaaa It U nM only the beu'rvmedy ever yet diseorered' for ._tte rt?an:33ip J&mtf ACgar.She presents a very fine ap-E.. daughter of K. M. Davis, of the former place.BMITOS—Mnxs—On Thursday, September 6, by the of ctcnplaints, but also the cheapen The terse qruntity wepnranro when lo tte water, and from her build need fear Rev. Mr. Cook, rector of the Memorial church, JOSEPH A. supply for a dollar brings Uwithin toe reach of everybody,no rivals in point of speed, la dimensions she te as fol- BRino* W A14.K—A H MIUB, all of this city.lows:—Length of keel 236 feet, breadth of bnm 37 feet,I>KKKt-at—MAormi.—On Thursday, August 23, in the cHjofKuw.York,bytheBar.ottoScimurrer,Ions HISSY I>E2HIJTJ110 ROSINA IMMA MAGCIRK.Glasgow and Dublin papers please copy.yKtsaMCTH—gteenjonaa —At Phitelelphia, on Wednes- dev. September f, by tbe Rev. James M. Croweil, WILLIAM D.'rxi.-HwuTH,Jr , to MissSALLIKE.SAGSHOSXI,formerly o f t h i s c i t y .and in bilious diatricta, where fever aad arue preraik. every- body shoi_d have It and use It freely bottfor ears a n d pre- vention. A great superiority of this remedy over u y otter everd'scoveredforthespeedyand certain euro of ' tentesthotothaalttietacnotnetlaniwnsaaotomeor mineral consequently M producesnoquintanor „JobulAidlum, deceased . . The friends of the family a n respectfully tovltedjo • * ' tetdtbefuneral,frombierlaternidnn, Fnnrrsnaa- dow,LongIsland,this(Friday)non,attwernOOUOK.,McCanrey, aged-1 year and 6 auonths- ,__,_, to _ .The friends6 of tte fatally a n » * ^ _ ^ t o _ ^ ^ _ : LIGHT, LIGHT-THE LKCLAIR PATRJft OARLAaWtTrateTj^ajri^Mstvlevpn,*.»*ateadajfthefamUyare napaetfnlly invited to attend tarT°Jane1annV-aAe^,, — W«B>I ie^;^t«na_ t Apply atte MemIhtrv ,|To?8aa Cherry atre^nrn^ tortkOQD, 8a* |W0a»niBCnWthte (Friday) af JMrt-atu. -Oa Tteraday, teptinbir 8, J A » Mrxw w i , a aatlve of tbe parish of Casbel aad Newtown, county leagtord, Ireland. aged 75 yean.The friends a a d aeqniataaen of t t e family are re aueetfnlly tovlted to attend the funeral, 0 ? Saterday afternoon, at two o'clock, from hte tete snMtean, No. 816 West Futiteth atreet. between Eighth aad Ninth avaaun.P Aitsn-tototecaty.nMonday,t3eptember8,ofeonsnmption, Csiaru Pajuaa, of Fairiie, Scotland, aged 54yean.mrnXDRE* PATKMT •ALAklAKTtEm 8AWSSGnnar 6,OaLWt j t O t E MnaWUtssaa,Wwateawtoa - ,DnrOWTt ACAX>KXfT OP ^ • _ f iiTT •pteg. 886 Bnedaray. es-ar-f Tte „-,,%BOH POM ORsAJ ttalP -PWOPLh ran tteeekw aad kealr'. -r taTtt-k-niiladelphtenitedelphte unpen please copy:Por the apeedy emnb A«ue. Periodic 1] HeJlache or folkms HeeaaeaeTasai1hat which ptoteeta from or pre-eata Uia d-weeruaVt be of immense aervice in the «x_mun_ei where it preraite.A KEW INTENTIOM.A P K B P E C TAKTIOLK exceed aaytbrac of tteIkfSftf^inod^deace. 886 First avenue,t h e n o n i n wm be Interred lathe - —m-a - _ _ nh.—• -_ttl tea— nmrnataxridtdlsllV'. 4\Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comA few of Vbvee i«etea-atn owarkw__«_u Wawa-a «-_ttwTtogks-ar-.' apeedand stfcer tnecabwdaWanef w-a i--»eeeetvas.*A* f^-tete.,-p—(TBitT A CO.O^wtc (SU HA- 