 TO _ mEW YORK HERALD.8IAVSMBLQ S OaBMlM, WHITESBOWKBY THEATBJS. E w i m u i TBoor-ra.—bttKN * EOSO'lanother name for cowardice and utter loss of self-respect They how demand the rights gua- ranteed to them by the constitution, and have solemnly resolved that unless these be obtained to their fullest sense they will secede from the Tjifon, at latest, on the 4th of March next. From this antagonism between North andlunrr-A ~cxoutset to the boundaries of South Carolina.As in all great revolutionary agitations, it Is* South has arisen a crisis, rapidly prostrat-AMl'8E_nWT- THIS BV_KlSa.w AlXACX'STHlEATM. Broadway -To M-Utr 0- Koi new national responsibilities, limited in theLAV__ ntENrs TBBATBS, V* —« Broadway —ft »* a* Sianaa.NKW BOWERY THKATBE, Bowery.-Hasso, «•_ H n - TUB—MAJTUC I x r r w tHAAJIl M'8 A—KBICAN MUKBCM, Bioa*miy.--D_- «— T MISSS T-> _ _ <M> Io_—__t_c Cmiu»s**—Linus Ccst• Ovrui, _c.BRYANTS' MINSTRELS, _ e c _ k _ ' Hall, «72 Broad __«_, *C —BlCHAStD III.erence to their country's weal, or circumscribed minds, cause to shrink from high and noble deeds, sink as far below the level as they could have risen above i tWe again assert that the duty of Mr. Lincoln at'this moment is clear and defined. His re-prompt execution. They feel that the defiance ofW*} -_0__UHW-% *«J««S, »•theslavehasasortofDivinerighttoslayhismas- shrink from so manifest a duty. There has per- blood as the South Carolinians who manned ter, should that master attempt to prevent theHOOLBT * CAMFBE—fl MIBSTBELS. Mfcoi BrosSway —Knuon—f Soxea, D-KC_s Bvauaaoza, * C - I>lX_t' L—KB.sponsibility is great, and he cannot in honor race as the men of the North—of the same hapsneverbeen,since thedayofthatpuremind- Fort Moultrie and. defeated the British atescape of his slave, would take a lesson from their Canadian friends. The troubles from which all of ns are now suffering arise directly from the disrespect which the majority of toe people of New England and some of the West-• AXTEBBUHTMTBICHALL,MS Broadway.—Soses.Charleston in toe Revolutionary War—ofthe same blood as the brilliant Georgians, whoat the same period fought so gallantly at theNorth side by side with the people of Newthe blessings of all true Americans—to have his England—of the same blood with those ern States have shown towards toe law of theBranson and Mr. Richard Lathers as a com- MBLODEON, No. m Broadway.—Soso». D_wci^, Bct- mittee to proceed to South Carolina, in ordered patriot, George Washington, any other Presi- dent called to rule over this vast republic who has had so glorious an occasion presented to him to create for himself undying fame—to hare• .gut.1", Ac.N«w Y ork, H o - _ y ,for copious despatches bearing on the momentousquestion of the day. It was reported in Washing- public meeting a&flfn'Ibn, New Jersey, areThe Srw«.Oar reader* are referred to our news column*ton late Iaat night that General Scott had resignedhis position as Commander-m-CMef of the Army,in consequence of a (Haagreement with the Presl-deaton the proper coarse to be pursued hi the gates from many Southern States, will con* present state of aflairs; but this report needs con-ist, we have discharged our duty, and we abide the result with an anxiety commensurate with the mighty interests involved.the most disastrous battle ever fought by the disciplined troops of Old England, at a time when the Hartford Convention in hjew Eng- land muttered its treason against the Union,firmation. Mr. Black fa to continue in the posi-tion of Secretary of Bute, to which he was attribute to give to that quiet and charming lit- tle city the strange faces, solemnities and bustling manifestations of a revolutionary as-NOBTHSBX OTOBTCBBS TO THI SOCTH—A and its citizens held out blue lights on its GiJEiu or LIGHT.—It is the opinion of many of coasts to "give aid and comfort to the enemy."the first decisive step in the way of revolution- ary action that is most dangerous to the cause of peace. It is not surprising that the friends of the Union, North and -South, should feel the importance of arresting, if possible, this revolutionary act nf.1 secession on the part of South Carolina. T o thisend our kite city Union meeting hasdetailed Hon. Millard Fillmore. JudgeIt would be well ifto urge upon her State Convection the proprie- amber I T , 1S*0% ty and expedieney of delaying a little this at- tempted act of secession. We presume, too, tt at some of the members of a National Com- mtttee of Conference, recently appointed at amemory revered by future generations, as the Who -ended the seven years' struggle with deliverer of his country from disunion, anarchy Great Britain by the capture of its army and disgrace—as Abraham Lincoln now holds at Morktown—of the same blood with within his grasp. To him we now, in all sober those who defeated double their number of earnestness, again appeal. As a public journal- the British at New Orleans in 1815, inland. When a law can be safely defied it cesses to be of binding force anywhere, and when one law is rendered null by popular vio- lence the entire fabric falls to pieces, and the nation trembles upon the verge of anarchy and civil war. That is precisely the condition df these United States at present, and unless there is a thorough change in the publicopinion of the North toe Union will inevitably be dissolved, and the country will be utterly rained.EVTBCT OK THIS SBCBSSIOK AGITATUM Urox PTMJC Cwcnrr t* TH* NORTH.—The holders ofOhio bonds, which were to be paid on toe 1st of January next, will be somewhat surprised to learn that the State has virtually repudi- ated. The General Assembly of Ohio passed an act (6th March, 1800) authorizing a new loan, wherewith to pay off liabilities due after December 31. On the 20th November pro- posals for toe new loan were invited by adver- tisement and otherwise, and an agent was sent to this city to attend to the matter. No ten-ders being made, the advertisement was with- drawn, and subsequently renewed, but without success. The project has now been abandon- ed, and therefore the creditors of the great State of Ohio must wait for their money.now on their way to Columbia, and that dis- tinguished visiters from other Northern States, and ollcial commissioners or volunteer dele-NEW TheYORKHsStALD,©_dMM_BR W l s M 5 *I!-The State Convention of South Carolina,charged with the fearful responsibility of anew Declaration of Inmswenrlwinr in behalf ofthat Commonwealth, meets at Columbia, theState capital, to-day. The members of the Con-vention are said to be unanimously in favor ofan ordinance declaring the State absolved fromall further connection with, and allegiance to, { a quarter of a century, at last stirred the inde- Robert Peel submitting to the odium andthe general government of toe United States, and protesting; for all time to come, against any reunion with the non-staveholding States, in any contingency or upon any terms whatso- ever. It is generally believed, too, that within the next three days some such ordinance wgl be passed, and that the State Legislature and her executive authorities and people will there- upon instantly proceed to action under theirof the republican journals is that the bag to ©all too special attealfct <* -»»•* President of a fractured Union will re- black republican friend, to this case.getting him safely to his house. The Onion menof Beston are determined to compel the abolition-ist •< to keep more shady, and hence the latter have federacy. We may safely say that, with uny-conrfnded. it is said, to postpone any further hmg like emphasis and uniformity in (he workJohn Krown celebrations for the present. of secession on the part of the 'cotton Slates," lion more to-day, who were entrapped into vot- popular vote; that over a million and a half ofA rumor was prevalent yesterday that a mob it will be much ea=ier to precipitate all thewould attack Plymouth church, Brooklyn, in the other slave States into the aauie movementevening, when it was expected that Henry Ward than it will be to reclaim the original speeders.ing the republican ticket, now bitterly lament the Northern people cast their votes against thetbeir folly and abjure the Chicago platform Chicago platform; that his majority of a quar-No Southern State voted for Mr. Lincoln. ter of a million in the free States has already of kindred? Cain's murder of his brother Abel toe South and-averting the perils which threatenKt-t-cher would preach another violent anti-slaverydweourse. A posse of two hundred Metropolitanpo'ioe officers were detailed in and about thebuilding; butnotwithstandingtheimmensecrowd Union,bowarewetoarresttheanticipatedge- 11 attendance, their services were not called into neral stampede of the cotton State,? in the same requisition. A sketch of Mr. Beeoher's sermon, direction? The President in power has failed together with the incidents, will be found else- to point out the remedy for this violent Southern wm-re. At the morning service in Mr. Beecher's epidemic; the President elect, standing backchurch a collection waa token up in aid of the t. .fit rer.5 in Kansas.In our Washington despatch/will be found someLike many of our own peoplelate and interesting newsfrontMexico.The parti-Meetings,doubt their speedy transition to an absolutemonarchy. Shall not the spectacle of the the news from this side was not very materially crowned head* of Europe paying homage to felt there. American securities depreciated, it liberty in permitting the petty States of Italy is true, and shipments of specie to this country to decide by their own votes from what other commenced—the Furopa bringing out half a States they will break off, or with what other3 million in gold, and the Atlantic now on her they will unite, put to shame the proposal way, bringing more. But the London journals of republicans in America to coerce into assure us that the commercial people of Eng-hans of Miramon had appropriated to their useMjme $300,000 worth of the church property in thecapital to assist them in their defence of the citymarket as late as December 1. and the effect ofagainst the liberalists. Juarez had raised a loan Senator Toombs, from the central camp of theof WOO.oOO for the assistance of the latter in Georgia secessionists, thinks that it is possible, carrying on the siege. by amendments to the constitution, to save theThe New York City Tract Society held its thirty- Union. He suggests a trial with the republi- fourth anniversary meeting tost evening in the cans in Congress, and a little delay. He wouldchurch corner of Twenty-first street and Fifth ave-nue. The receipts during the last year have been gia deferred till the 4th of March. There $!••.,'*>.> 75, and the expenses, $17,109 96—leaving a may be something in these hints worth more todebt of WOt 31. Bev. Thomas S. Hastings, Bev. the country than all the gold and silver mines V. (J. Clark and Rev. William Hague made elo- on the face of toe globe.quent appeals in behalf of the society, as on ac- count of the present hard times the poor of this city wiii require a large amount of assistance and relief.But as the great Southern incentive to dis- union is this overshadowing republican party of the North, with its watchwords of eternal hostility to the extension of slavery, the first necessity for the Union is the abandonment by that party of that revolutionary idea. Nor willTas WETTER CARNIVAL AT CV/NTBAL PARX.—The grand winter carnival at Central Park wasfairly and propitiously inaugurated on Satur-day, by a jovial company of twenty thousandpeople, and continued yesterday by thirtythousand more happy men and boys. The Our pious cotemporary, the Jaurnal qf Com- ponds were in fine condition, the skaters merce, informs us that there is a great falling offThe annual meeting of the Teachers' Associationwas held on Saturday evening, when the followingwere chosen officers for the ensuing year:—Presi-dent, Samuel M. Perkins; Vice President, Charles the crisis admit of further delay. If Mr. Lin-Harm Tares AMONG THE ANNTII;RSABIAN3.—H. Kimball; Corresponding Secretory, Wo. P. coln would be President of these United States, Harmon; Librarian, Wm. A. Owens; Treasurer, as they now stand, he and his party must comedeary C. Martin. The customary annual reportswere read, showing the Association, now in the down from their Chicago platform, and recog-tites must have been taken home by the thou- altogether about four millions of dollars per continue for two years at most sands who participated In the exciting plea- annum. A number of them have already Now, in addition to the repeal of the Per- sures of the day, and it is quite probable that suffered severely through the introduction ot sonal liberty laws, the recognition of the rights the skating ponds will do more for the health the irrepressible African into their meetings;seventeenth year of its existence, to be hi a nise slavery and the " slave oligarchy," not asHow, then, cau this Union be saved or re- stored? With South Carolina once outride theThis platform, which "denies the authority disappeared, and that, judging by the local could not be more heinous in the sight of God of Congress, of a Territorial Legislature, or elections in Boston, Newbnryport and other and man than such a war as this.of any individuals, to give legal exist- blackrepublicanstrongholds,thatpartyisnow Those whopropose such ameansof bring-the ark of our safety, the Union of the States.KsQLdiM YIX.WS OtfTHaSf&SettiOXMoVEBtXT.—.upon his dignity or his perplexity, continues as dumb as an oyster; the House Committee on the Crisis sits from day to day, like a consultation of quack doctors over a patient in the col- lapse of the Asiatic cholera. Is there any hope? A drowning man will catch at a straw.people, as expressed at the polls.time the conservatives of the North should spare no pains in working up the opinion ofbur people upon a firm Union basis.like those already held in Trenton, Philadel- phia and this city, should be gotten up in every considerable town in the North. The million and a half of people who voted against Lincoln have done only a part of their work as patriots, as Christians and as men. The field looks badly, but all is not yet lost For the honor of our common country, let us all unite, heart and hand, to save it from destruction.ANOTHER W A Y TO HELP PACIFICATION.—Many of the Southern people argue that al-though the present organisation of the Senate,with a strong opposition majority to Lincoln'sadministration, may prove a bar to any extrememeasures, yet that there is a great fear thatthe complexion of the House, and even of theSenate, may be materially changed beforelong by the elections to fill the places of out- agile and skilful, and the amusement heartily in the receipts of the several religious andgoing members. They contend also that as the enjoyed by the flying crowd. Sundry large philanthropic societies which have their head- terms of many Senators expire in 1863, the doses of good health and excellent appe- quarters in this city. These institutions receiveby it.lic of the United States, and not the President of a section or of a party. What "party?" Democracy was rent asunder and prostrated before and during the contest at the election. The crisis created by the black republicans has called up a spectre of such frightful mien that they have fled in all directions, and have fto rallying point; and Mr. Lincoln stands to-day as the President of the whole republic, with nil ties to " party" severed, and free to act as Ins exalted position and responsibility demand he should act. viz: to create from the ruins of two obsolete and adverse parties one—a Union party—strong, nay, overwhelming in its power;for its source will be the affection and loyalty of citizens, breathing a prayer for the perpe- tuity of the Union at large, and whose ambi- tion is to create a new era of fraternal pease and universal prosperity.We have reiterated our appeals to Mr. Lin- coln to step out from the seclusion of his re- tirement and proclaim to the North and to the South—to the whole country—to the world—the policy which will guide him in his adminis- nourishing state. outlaws to be expelled from the Union, but as tration. No fancied delicacy can now be con- We learn from Mr. Albertoon, mail agent, that institutions indispensable to the maintenance of sidered as influencing his silence since thehave the act of secession on the part of Geor-slavery free and independent communiti^ of their own race and blood'.'land are aware of the groundlessness of the alarm, and feel certain that, as the depreciation in exchange at New York was only artificial, it cannot be maintained. Perhaps when the news of two or three more steamers arrives there • hey may take a deferent view of the subject.suffering from. The. moral courage to imitate toe sxajsjfai Ustorj irlM* ta--wfll * • » ***** * • T T n t o a •** • « * wliehkwrn Stiles N E * f * f » Northernslawebolrtiss fjfcsss- of the South—their bitter invective, their keen^ ^ bin* out the laws, and that he and the MoTpassed by Congress have, during a period of sponsibility;" or of England, and witness 8iring * everydustry, crippling the banks throughout,'too Union, driving merchants into bankruptcy, throwing thousands and tens of thousands of the industrial classes out of employment, And that, too. at the commencement of a long and severe winter; causing the loss of millions in the depreciated value of all kinds of public stocks, and reducing the market value of United States stocks lower than any previous crisis has effected since the war of 1812.This is the cause, and this the result of |nat cause. No man can to-day close his eyes to the monstrous fact, and thousands of honest minded but wickedly misled men, who were in- duced to vote for Lincoln in the delusive and shallow hope that sueh action would inaugu- rate halcyon days throughout the land, are now in the deepest destitution and despair, mourning over their unwise acts, which are now beyond recall.Bot the grand questions now in the hearts of all—perhaps excepting fhe rabid demagogues and traitors to the noblest principles of Ameri-energy ofcommerceand«in-while he, with toe aid of one-third, is inaugu- rating a bloody civil war, which, if it ever should be commenced, must signally fail in its Object •an existing law is suicidalthe originators of the Personal Liberty bills in the Northern States, the people who obstruct the federal officers in the discharge of their du-first only supposed to be appointed ?4 itferbn,and his nomination will be sent in to the Senate semblage. But we have no hope from these can virtue—are, " How can this great evil be pur most prominent men, in all sections of the The Southern men are of the same race withto-day far eon_rn_*ion. A consultation of the New York delegation hi Congress was held yester- day in Waahiagton, but the proceeding" were not made public. Mr. Wade, of Ohio, is to address the Senate to-day on secession, and it is supposed that he will be Tory violent hi hfo eondenmat*gj ofpence commissions at Columbia of any influ- remedied?" " how can the plague be stayed?*7 ence over the action of the Convention. We " how can we preserve the unity of the Statesthose Southern regiments and their com- the day is in the hands of the North. Senator manders who played so brilliant a part in thethe aeceWonfeia. Jy expected.An exciting time is consequent-Congress is moving in it, but with tardy tadready to appeal to the red right hand of war uncertain steps. Patriots are using their amended as to guarantee protection to Southern California for the confederation, and addingvention.vt eodell Phillip- yesterday delivered his lecturethe 7th, Texas, the 8th (called by a sort than can be accomplished by all these influ- presumed change of Northern sentiment since of popular . spontaneous combustion, in ences combined. Neither the elevated station the election, and declares that the secession of default of a call upon the Legislature from the to which he has been constitutionally elected, South Carolina is a fixed fact But if South anti-secession Governor, Houston); Georgia, the nor his country's claim on him as an American Carolina goes out alone, and subsequently finds 9tb, and Louisiana the 23d of the same month. citizen, dare he disregard, nor can he absolve that there has been a revolution in Northernexpect that within the next three days South Carolina will stand before the world in the at- titude of an independent nation, and quite asand keep this great republic before the world in its integrity and in its majesty?"Toombs, well known as an extreme Southern man, declares that the Union may yet be pre- served, provided the constitution shall be soMexican war, whipping twice their number of the chivalry of Santa Anna, and by tbeir valor and their blood aided the North in winningas to listen to the counsels of peace. voices and their pens in the noble effort to property and security to Southern interests. $700,600,000 in gold to the wealth of toeFollowing in the wake of South Carolina, save the Union. Journals that are not venal He believes that the Southern States should the other "cotton States," which are shortly to and corrupt are using the mighty power they postpone action until after the Northern Legis-country.But there is. another view to take of thismatter: Americans are the most migra- tory people among civilized nations, and of the whole native born population there is nearly twenty-five per cent residing in States in which they were not born. According to the census of 1850 there were then residing in the slaveholding States 728,450 persons who were natives of non-slaveholding States.The South Carolina Secession Convention meetsat t olumbia to-day, and it is expected that it willpromptly pass an ordinance dissolving toe connec- try, each'for itself, the direct question of se- wk-ld to teach the nation wisdom. But it is at latures shall have had an opportunity to act tion of that State with the Union. In another co- cession in a State Convention, are Florida, this moment in the power of one man—the upon the obnoxious Personal Liberty bills. Mr.lumn wr publish a list of the delegates to the Con- January 3; Alabama and Mississippi, President elect. Abraham Lincoln—to do more Gourdin, of South Carolina, has no faith in theon "Mobs and Education" in Music Mall, Boston.The hull was packed by an anxious and excitedaudience. The .Chief of Police, with a large de-tachment of his force, was present; but beyondapplause and hisses, no manifestations were made A special session of the Legislatures each of himself from the responsibility he is under to opinion, the inference is irresistible that the bj the auditors during the delivery of the lecture. Virginia and Tennessee meets on the 7th Janu- discharge the duty now imperiously demanded Palmetto State will return to the fold. As the When Mr. Phillips left the hail he was followed ary upon the question of a State Convention; of him by the solemn exigencies of the times. matter stands now, South Carolina is past pray-Supposing the increase in migration to theSouth to be in the ratio of the increase of misfortune upon their own heads. Before population, and the wonderful developement the Presidential election their public credit of the enterprise of the country in the last ten stood well in the money market; they could years, there would be now upwards of a million borrow money readily at five per cent: but now and a half of Northern people residing in the they cannot get it at any price. Ohio gave forty- Soil them States. As they are for the most part five thousand majority for Lincoln. Ohio is adults, a very large proportion of them are the headquarters of the John Brown abolition- connected by marriage and blood with the ists. Ohio now suffers from the intolerance, Southern population. Will the Northern States bigotry and fanaticism of toe majority of her wage a war of subjugation or extermination tithens. It is not too late for the sensible peo- against a people who are thus not only of their ple of the State to reap the benefit of the sober own race, but closely related to them by the ties second thought, and do their part in conciliatingthrough the streets by a great throng of people, who hooted, jelled and groaned afterliim. The polite and the frieada of Mr. Phillips, however, succeeded in protecting him from the orowd andand from all these and other State movements the reader may perhaps.be able to comprehend the length and breadth, the strength and mo- mentum, of this Southern la-a resort of dbunion and a separate and homogenuou* Southern con-We have shown already that Mr. Lincoln ising for; her people have gone too far to recede"a purely sectional President"—that he receiv- without first trying the Experiment of secession. ed, out of 4.700,000 votes cast, but 1,850,000, Mr. Gourdin may be right in declaring thatand that if he had encountered but one com- Lincoln must adhere to his party principles petitor he would not have been elected. We whether he will or no ; but will the Presidenthave shown that the popular vote gave a mil- elect dare to overlook the fact that his party lion against the Chicago platform; and a mil- was in an actual minority of a million in thepervading spirit of the constitution—and the submismon of tor^ amendment to Conventions or the Legislatures of toe SUtes for ratification,» W C L T O F T U Stis^nc^redsBanwns to,"from slavery inawaykffled aattempted to a n rlmimsWI. *ffhbfo the conr. e df tre c«\t two monthi." 1Mr.Lii»colntoreproe«tMasUTU^.inprirato 0«T erantio4r -^h^:«nn»^ for 0 o t coming * * TM iMtftlWplplto Present crista of'At-Country, that the settlement of the question of1 ^BWIIJ..._____Will thePresidentelect heed the tocsteeVvice we give him? We oommend to him the • * the subject for the last six years, and if proverb. "It la better to run back than to^Wfrf P«h|fa *»*»•»*, itjisteran what his**"*'Jp"-P*w^-" wm^^Mffii1^ ,it is impossible for to make himaeUhitherto painted passingnow are forced to admit that the result of Lin tional President, and see the country ruined ta| s^ytotogisthat he fnents alien to each other—or will he have the ' v*> declare Ms views when he is •coin's election to toe Presidency is the great its commerce sad its industry—dismembered *J»dsiistooa. IllsB full henring before the highestnational panic we are, throughout the States, and resolved into three or four diatinct govern- .firhsldent,' that ft « t l be* Saci ^ hjtt search the records of flfalilnl lilii ;f**y • * * nothing to change.taunts, their incendiary abolitionism, their see with what bold daring Jac***, irod with ft j "^ ^ ^ ^ ^ y f l ^ J * ^ daring nullification of the Fugitive Slave law true patriots seal, exclaimed, "I take the re- of toopendent sad chivalrous Southerners to a point of his party in his abandonment ofwhere resistance is demanded as a duty they preferring the welfare of hisowe to themselves as co-citizens of this great sickly plaudits of his lass s s ^ ^ s a d out of shed and rapine, by servile insurrection and negroes. Already forty therepublic, and where passiveness would be bus Parliament In the history of all great men all the horrors of a civil war between the North sought and found protection under the Britishence to slavery in any Territory of in an actual minority at the North? Sogif Mr. ing back the seceding States would be held up The full force of the Southern secession move-the United States," is repudiated—cast out Lincoln understandshis duty to bis country heto execration for attempting to subvert thepeaceful, amicable union of voluntary communi-ties, founded by our ancestors, and turn it into amilitary despotism to hold in bondage sovereignStates against their wiU. If this can be done are disposed to think that it will all blow over. in the United States, then no statesman can We have accounts from the London moneyby such an overwhelming majority that it is stamped as a dead letter, and should bind fto man. It were therefore idle for the President elect to nfsert for one moment that he i<? boundwill know that it is far superior to his party obligations, and he will bow to the will of thement, and the perilous condition of this coun- try, have not yet broken on the mind of theHe is the President of the whole repub-the beautiful residence of General Thomas L. the Union. Is this expecting too much? We Electoral College has acted and inevitably of the South in the Territories, and toe conces- of the city this winter than any hygienic pro- others have been split into Northern andPavies, located in Mansion square, Poughteepait,was totally destroyed by fire on Saturday nightat twelve o'clock. The Hat— were trst disco-vered issuing from the upper port of the building, the repubUcan party against Southern slaveryand had nude such progress before the firemen is stronger than their love for the Union.arrived that all their efforts to saveitfromde- Granted,then,that South CaroMnawUl ae- so. WhUeheremainssilentthedevastationand whichmay beveryeasily accomplished. For sometimetocome—thenumberofparticipants half. Wvat will become of the aiimgjgp.fear so, and that the proceedings of the present week in Congress will show that the hatred ofmade him the Chief Magistrate ov r thirty-thren millions, of American citizens.as measures of conciliation on the part of the The regulations of this portion of the Park some of them have sown is bringing forth ite North, there is still another way by which the appear to be admirable, contributing greatly legitimate fruit, we should not be at all sur-c o m e•traetion proved •nsvailing. The furniture in the cede, and that several other " cotton States " ruin of the crisis are sinking deeper and deeper lower port of the honae won mostly oared. H e wil! speedily follow her example, what is to be into the wealth and material interests of theprised to hear next spring that the anniversary feeling and disposition to do them justice, cold weather continues—as it probably will for contributions for the year had fallen off one-©right of. the too is unknown, bat supposed tohave caught from some defection hi the beaten,instance: seven Northern States will be called |n the delightful exercise of skating will in- upon to elect each one Senator in place crease day by day, and many a one will be ef those who will have to retire in March begtuled from the gloomy contemplations whichnigger ! uen?O rf .- • J..- very lauii*J>le purj/<*«- «'. raising a Mod to relieve : <;. of tUeir brethren, or die widuws of lhe:r Ur.-Uxmn, s .as be in t - d. " Tha Artists' Va&d Society" » iu\ ii.:DiO. !*«*• fB'^aber is to eoninbat» yearty a jwcUirodone to reclaim them? The answer to that country; and were he to declare himself, as theFist* Arts.present organization of that body will onlyW e ^ ^ ^ a g a i n a p p e a l ^ ^ tof u r W a r d > a n d t o ^ nJ^day longer in doing Southern people can be assured of the good to the safety and comfort of visiters. If thei oe*fromgfteen to twenty thoaaaad toilers, wmj question has been suggested by Senator President of the whole republic, unshackled by next, namely, Maine (where n vacancy occurs toe present times beget while cutting throughthe bracing air tike a bird.leadmgartisu bave rwaatlyoraaniasdaaocmifToombs. But in the meantime there is a dan- party prejudices, and, while rendering to theMr. Alt atom t Ut the Hud- ger to be feared sad guarded against, apart North afl-foily sll-toat is their due as an in- New York, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Indiana,by the election of Hamlin as Vice President), w>n is BOW firmly closed from Albany down to from which secession is a mere abstraction as tegral part of the Union, bold out the olive Wisconsin and California; again, toe terms ofof heavy, loating tee to a potat owpostte Pier-FABTTNO, HCTUUATION' AND PRATKB.—The v •-'.: . « a*.- tfaaa ttit> dollars, l b * * picture, areone Senator from Massachusetts, Rhode President of the United States, in view of the jo h<- r-rst rx.atb.ted and thee sola at pabiic *«CWM , civil war. The attention of our responsible that their rights will be protected and their Island, Vermont, Minnesota and Michigan willPoaghkeepsie. South of that city the river is fun harmless as a passing cloud. That danger is branch of peace to the South, and assure themmoe>, wrm the exception of a Saw. ntitos between peacemakers should be especially directed to property be preserved to them in security as dreadful dangers of dissolution and civil war im- to* proceed* to constitute th- fAd, sad be agf^roWetf Pftfci open.TbesoWoa fair dVm»ol f.l o o s e r to. •oto*Bt*KB.;•fcrtfYftnfexpire in 1863, and elections will probably pending over too country, be* nc -mmende.!'. fiiated according to the by kvsof the &ci*tj. Seekand to the ways and means of for- ^sacredly as the North hold theirs, we hazard soon be held in each. Every one of these'the people of the United States a <tay of tasting,a *p rit of generosity is wonky of an" preis*. Tk*dulgence and conciliation, required no vain prediction that in one month there •tojurerent seeeastoo from expanding iteelf into will be a calm on the troubled waters; that civil war. To totoendig«jJttahuftlds*once the discord now rampant will cease; anf proceed to consider the legislation necessary, not with the return of confidence the ruin that is for whipping South Carolina back into the now spreading in extent and intensity will bo Union, but toe le&telatieu required to prevehf !topp«d».and bright hopes of a happy futureeleven States voted for Lincoln; and now if the Irtt exhibition a now eseo as the ream^ M th* humOiatioQand prayer. If we are not mistaken Academy of D*;f», « tsatii street. TV eadeeusapeople desire to give the South an assurance of the Convention which formed our present fede- te we* worth sirftsf, as it eoataiaa feat* w* thefr conciliatory disposition, let them elect a ral constitution, at a crisis of great danger to tore* of ra» merit bf ear beat artieS/i, s « * a*that first bloody saihwemfcstotosn toe State an& fiB every breastthe federal government,whichmayhurryus* o f, j ^ t Congress instantly M f o #claration with constitutionalrjp suchs d n -intotheenactments toaojctka.at eight?Siawsk*» -**• • v * » l - * » * «'• °"r "would effectually check any dangerous mea- lakes down pridet and pray .r brings repentance eif»*|fMdcslrs.»ojp«rcbssea «*ny S*"1 pi'tara bj0hstoto save the Union from ntanence-"tbe adoption of certain amend-Untitled Documentment* to toe constitution—in part explanatory»id in part new, but all in harmony with theThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069am uas ef am beat aarhrts ri'l nad ih'- aaeierusca «a>»enforce its pledges and insure their per-K ' y * * *dbmemhMnisaL but it w not too lata to save us ftbaVfte horrort^ffcftH waif.that the Northern States are and fair towards them.to be just mendalion be universally adopted, and goodaw to aspen latt aa bind!- a «*>*-'; on «b* par* of cix artist*conservative man to fill the seats of each ofItself, from conflicting counsels, was savedCifM»i. Gifltrd, KessoH, laog, Resetter. BVjjdJWa. CbaiJear, Cbtaaaa, MiaUtiek, Je>«»*Tho».p*j», M!-*OHW, HBbbard, Htmtingtoa, Loop. Ha«K»o. "Soatag *n4 Suy dam. Wonuasta«ns>a«of«Mi!tVr«rata« iinoi e.*-In the mean-#*&*Tf*7has token such precautionary mefa<sMumrersei,§1render a rescue baaossfble, and, aitnouga i tsympathies of the Toronto people are wJsVjftl.Naoaer, toe oblhjatfons ©f flh) tanhto be out of ft an ford* of March,the wfl be iftsntitiftjd to toe tetter. Weunitethere is, usually, one grand opening for the ex- and Mat South. But when it to token into ac- lag. The Canadians contribute freely for toe ercise of those great powers and nerve which count that in tho Presidential election on the support of fhe underground railway, and are God has given them to benefit mankind. Those 6th of November the popular vote stood sincere abolitionists, they hate the South bit- who have at heart the love of country in its 2,821,874 against tfie republican programme, terly, and the South reciprocates that feeling purity, and in its sterling integrity, win a name with only 1,868,200 in its favor, it may be tenfold. Still, when a case cones up where the which Is handed down to posterity encircled fairly asked, from what source does Mr. Lin- law is on the side of a slave State, the Canadian with glory and renown; but those whose indif- coin expect to derive the means ot coercion, authorities do not hesitate to acquiesce in its or what two-thirds of the people will be doingthe parts by fire and sword, by blood- i s k n o w n e . toeeap^aotoT,The Southern people are of the same ties, and the abolition parsons who hold thatsion of fresh guarantees to the Southern States cess that could be devised. Southern sections, and now that the seed whichtheir retiring Senators, whose opinions, it isknown, are .on the extreme side'of black re- ssjring remedy of prayer. Why, then, may notpublicanism. By so doing they will give a fasting, humiliation and prayer save us now? tributors. Tbe.coU«d^'U will reanune* eKb*ar*wu3W conservative strength in the Senate, which .Fasting takes down self-conceit, humiliation Saturday, th* 281 iBSt., when the/, *U1 be told alPlough a motion of Dr. Franklin to try thesores on the part of Lincoln's administration, and charity, forbearance and reconciliation, tobesidesgivingastrongguaranteetotheSouth thevilestsinners.LetthePresidentsrecom-IportuBil),letlb*rtefcandthebeaeotentFbw \mThe people of Ohio have brought thisBriti«h people.in the Northern States, they are skeptical, and> www.fultonhistory.com* -results willsuHlyfollow.' 