 ••«**•.S. '/w% •not agree to 'abide by the decision in the Dred Scottintroduced by MinMo prevent the sale of Pnbbic 1 Lands,except tactual settlers, until ton, years after the same shall h a re .been surveyed, and it,YgaB passed.The Hous£, byJ tg majority, disagreed" to the Sonatoamendment of t Military Academy Willi providingfor calling the m ited regiment of Texss yoldnteers into tbe field. ,(Btrychnine, which has also been discovered-in tbi re- mains of^ the elder sister, Mary, who 4ied about ibiee months previous. • •> I. , •,ivBoih girb3 were found j o bo enceinte. Hersey is in jail, heavily ironed. His examination w 2 l take place this week. i^v.t^-tM ';•'- •'•• • '•" •'' «•:•'••"•' t '•••'• >.Additional hy Pony Expresfl., / r ST.JOSEPH,Monday,May21,1360. /.:%•'•««#£ i."*.ch .m the Territories. Mr. Benjamin then read from thediscnsrions betweenMCSSTB.Lincoln and Douglas,toshow;that the former was much more candid inhis an-swers than the latter, and he confessed The was not such Africans, makin with those of the Wildfire, oyer anultraAnti-Slaverymanashesupposed. Mr.Doug-boMimto ino- d.K*r3* in ler. J-tei>fk%~1 T »f d-•*»0 fr 3iThe Pony Express^ from San J'rancisco, May 11,reached here a t 4 o'celock this evening. The Califor- Tcj ti'Mcb thus serenely responds tbe PbjlOsopheipr^1'will arrive this morniDg. • IThe late rains damaged the crops of bay and graiatratedtittle is known of the damage in the country, but,•V,dinent was rejected, 24 against 9&V•amendment.Mr. THOMSON (Dem., N. J.) introduced a jointMassachusetts. "More in sorrow than in anger" hoby the roots.The nurseries and the gardens along theiMr. DA VIS'S (Dem., Miss.) Territorial resolutionswere taken up. .Mr. HALE (Rep., N. H.) resumed his remarks. HeSlavery f0r xen years, and Congress refused. a Rpeeeh of the Senator from Massachusetts appeared the utter extinc'iiDi of the traflic in intoxicatingItssiavea were taken in afterward, in violation ef in The Globe, as delivered yesterday, which he did liquors. The repor • also highly approves of the pr^c- destroyed. There was great destruction of trees andlaw, but the Courts decided that the ordinance of 1787 not hear, and which he believed was not delivered at tice of using dome b wines for sacramental purposes, shrubbery, and all along the Clifton avenues tbe trees was bindrrg, and all slaves, by virtue of it, emanci- all, containing reflections on his State, which it was in view of tbe^adu ::ration of commerce; disapproves were uprooted.pated. It was useless, therefore, to deny that the ordi- necessary to answer. of the practice of i ping ale and beer for family use,nance of 1787 was regarded as legal and binding. He Mr. PUGH (Dem., Ohio) said the Senator from • and of the renting mildings for the purpose of traffic A train-on the Covington and Lexington Railroad read Mr. Randolph's report in opposition to the j>etition Louisiana had demonstrated that there was nothing, in liquors; and urw decided action on the part of the was thrown from the track, and the locomotive and of Indiana Territory, and said the growth of that State equivocal in the Kansas bill, or the Cincinnati plat- Church in every w calculated to put down the greatand the results. II aupeurs from this document that an; more than Congress could. No sooner was this de- Mr. BURNE incredible number of fraudulent claims to land iaCal- cision made than it was attacked by the Republicans,,* creating an oppr,(Dem., Ky.) opposed the bill as y.e monopoly. ^expressed views*POLITICAL.ifrtmin, bad been fabricated and sustained by the mot*u n b l u a b ^ ^ perjury. Many of them bad beenap-p n > ^ d j ^ ^ BoBordof Land 0oinrDdssioner», and by HHnoia got over MB bargain by Baying that he did ih*matntt Conrtavof Cabfornia.BOSTOW, Tuesday/aiay SS,1860.; The hiveBtigatSon of the Coroner s jury in the hue mysterious death at Weymouth, has resulted in declar---iTe bare/'been favored with the following prirafai kfJ' AirxoaA, N. Y., Bfay », **,. -as TatBOiot—GtniUmen: We have taken THIS Tntatrxa the moxnim ©fit* n»t i«*ao until novr, tbxoufb all it*.will ditconthxut tending it to u*. Onr only regret in pttt- l^oatvretam under the necessity of losing a thre#-0en* »a order to close our account. '%j nng you a good tune for a few month* to com*,Wearctrulyyours,< <r MORGAN tc UOSTfZSLNo less than twenty-five appeals La these cases werebeard and decided by the Supreme Court-in favorofthe ritorial Courts to the Supreme Court, lie would obey<5€PMBrm»ent at &e last term. The amount involved that. This was an after thought, "first announced in *wrsa>»ot less in all than $100,000,000. One claim was the canvass of 1858v when pressed by Mr. Lincolni•*wfor 3*600 square miles Ofland, another ifor 450 square miles, and the famous Santillan claim* had for a part of the city of San Francisco, worth about $10,000,000. TheAttomev-Genernipar*ahigh compliment to the abiHtiea of £ . M. Stanton, esq., who assisted in thi8 business. The report is an able and interesting docu- ment,disclosinglegalachievementsofordinarymagni- tude.T h e City Councils have passed resolutions strongly oowiemnatory of riotous interference with the Repub- lican serenading party Saturday night, and requesting the Mayor to exert the wnole power of the city to pre- vent further outrages, and arrest and punish the guilty in the present instance. ^ ^The Japanese Commissioners attended by several members of tbeir suite and the Naval Commissioners, proceeded to the State Department at noon to-day, "where their, treaty with this Government was duly ratified. The copies of the document were carcfuUV compared, and certificates of corrections, of which there were several, signed and exchanged. On jthefor a seat in the Senate. To save himself from defeat,• "Ur ^duce" *"» theory as to the power of the people r> . ' . .'.-.',,,,.' •wagrtotheDepartment,thetreatywasborneonitheiandclaimedthemasdiscoveriesofhisown. Mr.Ben-in Tlie Globeallnn<o"tthosedelivered,fortheypre- joining,injuringsxyeralpersonswho-wereonithe" XXXVITH CONGRESS. FIRST SESSION.sible to Congress, He would restrict the publicationMr. PUGH—It was expressed by a vote of the only to what waB oken, and exclude all remarks out terribly. . . >and the Chief-Justice assailed as having colluded with/ ?fOthcr;gentIc)Qithe President of the United States. Tbe Senator fromThe subject wpassed over.case; but when the case was carried up from the Ter-cratic party, and to have had a majority with him at•:hurt nobody, but damaged their own reputations. He bad not yet arisen. He denied that the Dred Scott de- Confeience thatthtjSjfciarriage relation can only be die tinued till after midnight, drenching J;be habitationshooted at th^ idea that the Dred Scott decision disposed cision settled the points at issue.' The question of the solved by a violatioli of the Seventh- COmma'ndment already made roofless by tbe tornado,, which is con-of the rights and interests, of fifteen States oi the power of the people of the Territories was not argued or by death, and thJ i subsequent marriage'' by either ceded to have been the most disastrous known to the Erricn who were not a party to the suit. The claim m that case, nor supposed to be iavol/ed. If submis- party, while both an ? living, is contrary tbj the teach-was perfectly monstrous. No court and no caucus sion to the demands of the Senator from Louisiana ings of the Holy Sqijptures. Laid on the table and present generation.could settle this question, which was the great question was the price of peace in the Democratic partv, he ordered printed.documents having c ineto hand to prove that Method- ism was not establia <|d in this country till 1766.It is impossible to enumerate all tbe damage that has been done, but scarcely a house in the city has escaped uninjured. ' •'. .;No traces of the storm were seen on, tbe Ohio andof the age. * warned them all that peaoe was at an end. Mr. Pugh The report of the nnmittee inflation to the Cenfc^ Wherever the friends of Freedom had contended for examined at length the Dred Scot case, to sustain his enuary of Methodi , was recommitted, additionalthe right, this question has been argued and adjudi- view, n e argued that if the Constitution establishedcated, and the efforts of the Supreme Court to decide it Slavery in the Territories, it also established it in the I against the advocates of free principles would only re- States, and combated the correctne«s of this dogma,• A resolution by M 'W. C. Smith, that the question Mississippi Road west- of Lawrenceburg. From that's sal*in the overthrow of the Court. The founders of lie retorted the charge of want of faith, and abandon-on the adoption of l| ip reports of the Slavery C/>mmife- tee be taken withot 8 debate by Yeas and Kays was summarily laid on tb j table.point east itB signsare seen onevery hand~-. Nortb-westjof the city it appears to have extended about seven miles in the line of the Marietta and Cin-ment of bargains upon the Senator and his friends. < \ sad the Republican party were determined to maintain He defended and explained Mr. Douglas's Fre^port* the Government established Anti-Slavery principles, • item.Tbey had the courage to survive defeat, and it was tbat sort of courage which finally succeeded. He argued atlength to show that the power of Congress to pro- hibit slavery in the Territories had constantly been ex- ercised and acknowledged.Mr. P U G H (Dem., O.) said the ordinance of 1787was never popular in the ' North-West. The officers a Territorial legislature could prohibit Slavery, andappointed under it ruled that section with a rod of iron. jThe ordinance of 1787 was never legally passed. Slaves Jweret held in all that Territory, in spite of the ordi -nance. Illinois as well a» Indiana protested against '&e prohibition of Slavery. But for the foreign emi- :zfation that filled up the North-West, Shivery had not •fceen driven out. Forty thousand ordinances wouldnothave done it.that the prohibition would be legal and effectual ?Mr. PUGH replied affirmatively.Mr. WADE thought he had heard the Senator say itwas a judicial question, and he did not see what "the people nad to do with it.Mr. PUGH further argued that the Tennessee plat- form was ambiguous, and controverted the allegations that the views of the majority were not exprewsed at Charleston. He contended tnat the seceders who left bad definitely separated themselves from .the Demo- cratic party, and their seats at Baltimore were vacant. He thought the Senator from Louisiana had better joinquestion in advance i f the day fixed for its considera- tion. The resolution ; ms finally indefinitely postponed.ent in aE quarters.Great fears are entertained for tseamboata and coal-Mr. BENJAMIN (Dem., La.). said, when we methere in December, the public mind was greatly dia-torl>ed by the irruption of a band of fanatics into aState of tJhe Union, with the avowed intent to liberatethe slaves., A large number of resolutions have been the Kichmond gathering. Tho mode of voting atThe order for to.m Drrow is the Slavery Committee'sreports. The time a 3owed to each member to speak -missing. The stoamer Eunice was partly wrecked:;:offered aD/relating to the relation of the General Gov- Charleston was in pursuance of that recommended by ernment to Slavery in the States and Territories. _ The Calhoun.large number and variety of these resolutions, required Mr. VVIGFALL (Dem., Texas) corrected tlus state- #iat those who professed to belonging to the same ment.upon the subject wati o day fixed at thirty minutes. it *-Old-School jGcncral Assembly. RocH& STKR, Tuesday, May 22,1860The attendance tbSi morning was'larger than usualnear Ghent, Ky. Her'cabin _and chimneys were blown OYerboard, together with a. quantity of freight...The steamer Argyle lost her cbimeys. Wharf boats atPatriot, .Ghent and-Corfllton were torn from, theirfee printed.abandon when the Court decided the* question, and • Mr. DAWES said it was He desire of the Commit- iholding on to a floating batch. .Tbe war es washed ness of the Rev. Theodore Parker. For several weeks wilbdrawhig from the National Coavuntioa.at Charlce-1forthafterstrangegods.TheSenatorfromIllinoishad': admitted thatEe made this; bargain, and j e t he had been The House, resumed tbe consideration oi tho Atlanticmysteriousdeathat eymouth,hasresultedindeclar- ing that Betsey Vn ;e« Tirrell.:WaSipo,isoned with strychnine, which hi also been, discovered-in the re-ive 'Peelingtbateoinetbingniustbespeedilydone, a.eon??animal kept him, afloat, and be was \ .»rou"ht to land j? saltation of Dr. AppletonJ Mr. Apthorp of Boston, and Tb<: fpllojA'iug resolutions were adopved.:to the merits of the question. ' •; ' , sogaged since 1857 in trying to explain away, in con- and Pacific telegraph bill.almost insensible. "" ! -;'I others of bis friends, was called, and it was decided 4*0 Xewlrrd; JLttt. the Democratic wtrty of Mobil* County * ^ obtain a vetturmo, with a view of fransportiugTum by ln>r«»Bto thef|»Uowii!g jiriTH-tpk«: A *Mrb o,on»tTw'*i<>ri of thejanction with the Repubhcaofc, the decision of the Court,and to render it useless in 'case it should be affirmed,roams of tne elder siif months previous.r, Mary, who'diedabont threeCouatittiti«M i th»* .»qlmlitry ot tU* Sutt>»; tU» daty ot all <)oWm-mehtv to protect tlse righM of property to th» »xt«at'of *<>"«**!.tutiiunl-pondkiaud that w* beIi«**X ti*»Jwr tlMl Cuuotltuooo.of?peecb from the attacks made upon it, contending that it simply meant that Slavery would not be forced upon the people against their will. Mr. Douglas was not only preesed by his immediate political enemies, but by i he Administration, which invaded a sovereign State tonterfere to control the election.A resolution by Mi. Merritt, instructing the Commit-tee on, Itinerancy tb inquire whether the resolutions' cinnati Railroad. .passed by the Baltic >re Conference at its last sessionon the subject of Slajfpry are in conflict with the Dis- The toijiad© wa« very Revere as far east as Chilli- cipline. Carried. cothe.to-support Seward, had lie, been nominated, who wore denies ibe right of tbe South in the Territories, advo- rampant Douglas men a fortnight since. But Eepubli-cans are not to be duped by this affected sympathy for cates tlie Wilmot Proviso, and is, in everyway, hostile Mr.' Seward. No disaffection will be created in our to tbe.'liest interests of bis native section, and in favorMr. W ADE (Rep., O.) asked MT. Pngh if hebeliovedConsiderable disci usion ensued—gentlemen urging Trees were blown down in all directions, houses un- that it was an altem . t o take action on the Shivery roofed, and a general destruction of property is appar>sembly, recommendiig the second week iu "January farty should meet, in order to 'harmonize and act in Mr. PUGH insisted that he was correct. Other dis- next as a,season of i| iyerfor tbe whole worldConcert. A meeting of Democratic Senators was there-- cussions arose as to the instructions given to the dele- Also a report, whift" was adopted, discountenancing&re held to accomplish this purpose. The Senator gates from Minnesota and elsewhere. the practice of social | incing, but leaving the matter of came on, but nothing has been seen of them since. All from Illinois, in a speech occupying two days, had pre- Mr. SLIDELL (Dem., La.) made an explanation in discipline to the sever 1 Sessionssented the extraordinary spectacle of advocating his regard to the vote of Ijouisiana, and a long debate en- Tbe report on fore§ *ri missions was presented by Dr, on board have probably perished. The railroads havei own chums to the Presidency, and -denonnc- sued as to whether the votes in Charleston expressed Edgar, and interestinl remarks were made bv the Hon sustained but little damage, and are all in runningmination that' our majority shall suffer no essential Creator to His creatures. Yes, gentlcoien, to all Histhe will of the majority.Mr. THOMPSON (Dum., N. J.) said New-Jersey had recommended her delegates to vote as a unit, and no one conld have been elected bv tbe Democratic State Convention who avowed himself a Douglas man.order. ..'•..! diminution because of our disappointment. If tbe rest *~bf the State shall do as much, and do as well as thehome of Gov. Seward, all will be well.Avium, N. Y., May 19, i860. A SEW ARD MAN.CTf-aturci?, to the whole great family of man. In tbeir enlightened belief, nothing stamped with the Divine image ai id likeness was sent into tbe world to l>e trod- den on, and degraded, and imbrutcd by its fellows. They grasped not only the race of men" then lining, but they reached forward and seized upon -the fuiv tbf-st'••..posterity.. They created a beacon to guide their Cn|ldren and their cbildrcnls children, and the countless myriadswho should inhabit the earth in other ages. Wise statesmen as they were, they knew tho tendency of prosperity to breed tyrants, and so. they eetablishpd these great self-evident truths that, when, in the distant future, sonie man, some faction, 'some i£r tercet/sijould set up tbe doctrine tbat none hi: ri''-h men, or ^ione but white men, or none but Anglo-Santos* white men, were entitled to life, liberty, and the pur- suit of. happiness, their posterity might lookupagxui to the Declaration of Independence, and take cour ^ca| htg those who had dared "to express their I views on subjects before the Senate. The Senator from a Illinois assumed that he was the embodiment of the | Democratic party, and that all who opposed him were I rebel*. He arraigned. oth«r Senators, and charged ; tkem and the representatives of seventeen States atCharleston as being on the high road to disunion. Afterhaving thus assailed everybody, "he announced that hehad only spoken in self-defense, and with princelymagnanimity agreed to forgive, those who, as he said,h&a erred more through ignorance than design. Mr. adopted, the friends of all other candidates united to and tbe only basis on|' which its system could be carried Benjamin then defended the'Democratic Senators fromMr. PUGH continued to controvert the argumentsof Mr. Benjamin orf this point. He said that the rup- eluded bis speech, contending for the substitution of a ture at Charleston .grew out of the fact, that Judge Committee directly re sponsible to the General Assetn- Douglas, having incautiously said he would not allow bly. The Rev. Dr. I'odge reviewed bis position, and his name to be used *n case a certain platform was made an able exposimm of the doctrine of the ChurchCOLUMBIAa very eloquent and interesting discourse was deliveredby .the Rev. Dr. Francis Vinton, before tbe graduatingclass of Columbia College Law School, at TrinityCbapel in West Twenty-fifth street. The eveningservice, according to the rites of .the Protestant Episco-pal Church, was pcrforme'd-.by tbe Rev. Dra. Higbee,Ogilvie and Vinton, assisted by the Rev. Messrs. Dixand Duffy. Seats were arranged in tbe chancel, andoccupied by.Mr. King, the venerable President of theCollege, and-the Faculty;; The,.commencement excr-- to renew the battle which their fathers began, so c?Wconstruct a platform on which he could not stand. out. Dr. Krebs coi|inued the "debate. ''During .thisNEW-YORJffiDAIL YTRIBUNE,MAY 23/1800.TORNADO I Offli Poisoning Case at Weymouth, Ma»g.5B W mmmmm^ sssaaaa^^*s^jpwigijswggw A 3 ^ gA resolution wass iffered by Mr. Keddy" that, in thereception of the mem ) rial from the National Associa- boats on tbe river above here. • •" .ranks simply because Democrats are dissatisfied with the ticket. Tbey discover in the Republican nominee a man who is not only a tower of strength, but not ob- noxious to any charge whatever, either against nis' pri- vate or political character.- With Lincoln for our standard-bearer, the contest will be confined to tbeprinciples enunciated in our platform. Thus our op- ponents are embarrassed in tbe outset.Tbe set speeches and stereotyped editorial slang of our enemies, which have been written, learned, and persistently used with such damaging effect upon us for yearB, will have to be entirely revamped or thrown aside altogether, and their political gladiators go into a six-months' train before they will be prepared for tbe great struggle. Wo therefore say, with a hearty good will, Hurrah, for Lincoln and Hamlin!Pest assured thatj although the Republicans of Ca- yuga County were and are devotedly attached to Gov. Seward, and were for the time being stocked and heart-sick over bis defeat, nevertheless we "shall go into tho contest with courage and zeal, and with a deter-of drC inscribing tbe peculiar institution within the narrowest possible limit." In our judgement, it is the peculia * institution which is hostile to the l>est intereeta of Mr.!Lincoln's native section and of every other part of the country. . •—T^e following eloquent tribute to tbe Declaration, of Independence is taken from one of the speeches of tbe Hojji. Abraham Lincoln, made during his exciting and gallant contest for tbe Senatoi"ship in 1858:Tbe*4 communities .(the thirteen colonie»)j by their representatives in old Independence Hall, said tc tb« world of UM'U: " W e hold these truths to be self-evi- dent, tbja'tallmen are.born equal; that they are en- dowed by tbeir' Creator with vaalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and tbe pursuit of happi- ness." litis was their majestic interpretation of the economy of the universe. This was their lofty and wise aid noble understanding of the justice of thetion of local preachei i of the United States, and by Jhe admission of the dep$ I ation from that body, no intention was had to recognizdj ;he Methodist Church South, but only such as are men I >ers of its own Church.The storm along tbe river, above and. below, was very severe. At Madison, Indiana, six or eight build- ings were unroofed but no lives were lost. Three or four paire of coal boats wero sunk, and six men areThree hundred and! wenty-nme delegates were pres- mooringB, carried up stream, and wrecked. At New-ent. A report was J; resented and adopted by the As-Richmond, Ohio, several buildings were unroofed, and •avast amount-of damage was done to boats and rafts. Six pair of coal-boats were in sight as the stormWalter Lowrie and m e Rev* S. Mattoon Of Siain. After speeches by j: ae Rev. Mr. Junville, from In-i fr. Byington of tbe Choctaw Na Committee on Foreign Missions •eat debute on the reorganization of the Boards was: sumed, and Dr. Tboniwell con-The Poney Express. WASHINGTON, Tuesday, May 22, I860.dia, and tbe - Rev. tion, the report of tt was adopted. Thei i i immmmmmm——«•—»--L A W SCHOOLS—LastA lartre mail left this point to-day for tbe Poney Ex- press; among the number were ten letters from the Japanese Embassy, to be remailed at San Prancisco tor Japan. .Ad-rices received here from San Prancisco, 12th, state that a rider on the California side had been kiUea by-Indians, but'the regular time was made, showhig tbe efficiency of the Company.Fire at Shavenworth, K T.. etc. .LEAVENWORTH,K'.T.,Monday, May21,1860.A fire broke out here this morning, destroying the ST OSEP«, Mondajj May 21, 1860. Farmers' feed and sale stable. Tbe building was The Pony Expreijt from San Prancisco, May 11. owned by J. P . Kussell. Loss, $1,000; insurance,COLLEGEevening,(, the charge of having undertaken to dictate to the Charleston Convention what sort of platform it should make. When the Kansas bill was before the Senate,'the Senator from Illinois called a caucus of Democratic Senators everv morning to decide on their action for ithe dav. The late Senatorial caucus had done no I more than that. Yet. for this it had betaa charged with ;**king to diminish the Senator's chance for success; Kr. Benjamin next examined Mr. Douglas's charge that (Seventeen Democratic States had adopted a platform liooking to the dissolution of the Union, and had placed ithemaelves under the lead of Mr. Yancey, an avowed idisunionist. His State had voted for that, platform, jaad he should vote for the Senate resolutions, and he"•itemed that the Senator from Illinois had correctly jssated the meaning of either. Nobody here wanted to Smake » B&ye code, a slang term which Mr. Douglas slbad picked up from the Republicans, nor to force Slavery on an unwilling people. The attacks upon the democratic Senators were wanton and unprovoked, l*ad he should repel them. The Senator had defended j&s conaistencv atgreat length, which was not the issue j #stween them. The issue was that the Senator from Illinois had made a bargain and had violated it. To prove this he should not go further back than 1857, upto which. time the Senator from Illinois was looked opon by the Democratic party with pride and favor. Why was it that a Senator who had thus been treated with favor should now be separated from his former associates? That he had passed over mhis toeecb, and he (Benjamin) would supply the deficiency. Mr. Benjamin then went into a history of the Kansas act, pointing out the difference* between Democratsind Bepubbcans and Douglas Democrats. At that time the Democrats being unable to agree as to the power of. the people of the Territories, it was agreed to. refer the subject to the Courts and to abide by, the de- cision. He never had attacked the Senators consis- i tency. It was his consistency that constituted bis great tricae—adhering still to views which he had agreed to* bich the Court had decided against him. This be fee to call up the subject at the earliest practical period. Poisoning Cai at "Weymonth, JMfass. this from him, and he next tried an oar; but loosing previous to'.the date of tbe letter (tbe hitter part of ton, and to appoint ^delegate*to a State Convention atcharged was bad faith. The Senator no longer wor* On his motion a resolution was adopted giving leave STON, Tuesday, May 22,1860. tbat, he was about sinking> when he grar p0(j a^ 80me» April) he bad been failing sensibly, while a serious Montgomerhr on the first. Monday iu June, "-then and | riuped at the Democratic shrine, but bad wandered- to Mr. Blair to occupy a teat On the floor and speak as TliO;invcRtigntion i the Coroner's,jury in the late? thing which proved to be a leg of a 1! ^J; ^»j,e depression of spiritR reacted upon-bis bodily condition. i' there to consider what is best to bo doae.''That was the Administration game, and the South was. gotten up purposely to accomplish' this end. Mr. Pngh then assailed the reliability of Louisiana, Texas, Ore- gon, and other States claimed as Democratic, which called up the seceders from those States, who severally made explanations. He wanted the Richmond Con- vention to nominate their candidates. They had no business to. come to Baltimore, and if they came, he would sit and vote till the 4th of March, to keep them• out. Men who voted for Stephen A. Douglas fifty-seven times, would not get tired of continuing to do so.The gentlemen of. the South had made the issue.They bad made it a question of ]>er80iial honor, and soit. would stand. The North would not submit to dic-tation from the South as to their principles and selec-discussion tbe house f-as densely thronged with an ex- 'ceedingly attentive atjdience.reached here at 4 o'c ock this evening. • The Camor- uia telegraph lines b,.<.Sag-down,! we have no later* ad- vices than those brou ent direct from San Prancisco;•Klca, ut uiictiori, to-dnxt .'brought 15Jj.c. Rio ciumot bo quoted lio change; Hulea of Cum jeruoid, 2,000 tuna in bulk, at $16.Douglas was now the impersonation of Northern Sales of Drills at 10®10$fa tSt.£.ouis.tion of candidates. They would not level themselvesin the dust at tbe bidding of any set of men. Mr. ot ^ver 15«., the market "ip iding downward! Coul inactive, and Iholding on to a floating hatch.this from bim, and be next tried an oar; but loosing tbat, bo was about sinking, when be grasped at some- thing which proved to IKJ a log of a live pig. The animal kepthim afloat; .and ho was brought to land almost insensible.—H. P . Averill, esq., of Troy, N. Y.,. writes to repel certain imputations unom himself in connection with tbe late fugitive-slave case- in that city. He was retained as tho attorney for the Virginia claimants,. .-1Additional oy I*ony Express.A rider was killed fiy tbe Indians on the California $35,000; no insurance. The fire originated in the feed....•• i mii i.iim•end of tbe route, butl^Il tho express matter was saved. A detention of aboutj 36 hours was caused by the mis? fortune.SAN FJUJ.-CIBCO, May 11—4 P.M. Candles stoudy, ar>d a 4 5 ide firmer. Coffee; .10,000 bogs Coiftaand sale stable, and is supposed to have been purposely set. -A distressing drouth still prevails.NOVEL LIFE PRESERVER.—Tbe''-steward of ship Cicero, wrecked on tbe Bahamas, arrived at Boston on Thursday, somewhat bruised from contact with therocks when reaching tbe shore. . He states that, not being able to Bwim, be endeavored to save himself byhonor. His enemies had made him greater than his J<4iih -were quint and in hanged. There were sales of Dried, which is in process of erection on the corner of Wash-friends ever could. They might kill him at Baltimore Apples and IttrinhiB at tho iaat quotation;;. Freeh Fruita at auc-' ington avenue and Eleventh street, fell this morning,if they chose, but his friends would carry' his bleeding carcass to the North-West, and show*iim to the young men coming to cast their first votes, and tell them this is the author-of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and this is Southern gratitude.Mr. WIGFALL defined what Democracy was, andtion were at a decline. |In two or three da| ii telegraphic communication will be complete betweeny: an Praucinco and. Varsalia, 210 miles southeast of thf Butterfield Overland route._precipitating nine workmen sixteen feet into a pile ofrocks beneath, fatally injuring James Sherman andThomas Hill, and seriously wounding several others.John Morton's back was broken, and be will probablyexpressed the opinion that the Senator from Ohio hadfallen from grace. What the South proposed was time. The next su quent mail is telegraphed, andCongressional Nomination.ST. LOUIS, Monday, Mav 21, 1860. The Democratic Convention for "the iVth Cougivnothing new. 'Without concluding, the Senate adjourned,will arrive this niori Tbe late rains d8-fie quoted from the Dr^ geott decision to show tliat. the prineJale of ri^ to slave property in the Territo- The Government is to pay WMjW year for me*, jail, heavily ironed, His examinutioh will take place'tl»e tri»HcU SML*, it h tl*« »t«ty of tWQ*iw»l CU>v»nw»«J»» ta repel cprtam imputatmnB upon hi\a6eif jn connection-. t,wp;-faya the journev was 'prosecuted, but then the Bftorfl nnmkind eoniplet*5 profeutlou *o tbe prv>p»«rty of ©iHK*.»*with the bite fugitive-slave case Vj. that city. He waSf I patient became so weak that the'velturiuo was aban- of the HJmm iStnto; mfaling iu tta* oouuaou TwrrJ^Mien-aift Vttahied as-the attorney for t>je Vir^mia claimants,; r«o n c d ' Afrw a period of rest he was taken to Plprenco Territorial fibvemmcufc* exeatod. \y tb* Fc*ewl Qavewwwat' *?e» w ^ d e c " ^ ny ft. On una point he argued at sages; the public to be charged $3 for ten words; tf tbe this week. . great len^ai to show that Congress bad full power corporators do not accept these terms within thirtyi "tional power; that the Constitution forbid the prohibi- Itioa ofSlavery hxtbe Territories by Congress; and as the Territorial Government derived all its powers fromcontract is to be given to the lowest responsibleibid-.SSsfSelbe to be built within two years .and StSTON, Tuesday,May 22,18C#.lienlved, .ajb'it bi oou^Wc^!^s_tJ«> tu»porta»t qu««U<>n oJ^ nanu- and acted only nr a profesmonal capacity. He had • S ^ ; Rowing daily weaker and weaker, wub but vtitiufi a c»nd uate fovU»e utot>re»Weney, w flVom It \h» autj"'Congress,the TerritorialLegislatorscouldnot dohave betraved big oonfldft'ace.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•• •.-/: •'.-asi ZM&yi* 4 ..IVJ-,IJoseph is to be the point of departure* Mr. Colfax Lounti and Dincountu 61 :M,6OO Depositx...earnestly urged tho^passage of the bill, showmg the great advantages whicnvffl result to tbe .Government.Specie • • . . . . Due from other b'nks'iiiD.OOOm> 2,000Circulation. . . * . . . , «7,031,000!'.The Overland Mai with St. Louis dates to April IS. die. reached San Franci8<$j> on the 9th, bringing over 1,000 letters, the birgest n her ever received,here at one. ' . ' .•ged the crops of bay"and gram.considerably incertai sections, but generally the grow- Norton for Congress, vice James Craig. '..ing crops tprongbou California and Oregon promise anabundant harvest.and acted only in a professional capacity. He had I charge you to drop every paltry and insignilicant thought fojr any man's success. It is nothing; I amBoth g.irlnj were foji; to be encehite. Hersey is inOfer £ » Territories within the limits of its constltu- S w t h e n sealed proposals are to be invited, and the Boston We< ly Bank Statement, A „„•.;» ««w ,Vv« ^Lfnan, i b- v^ T Li i bv rail, and at last acwunts was surrotrndtMl by bis ncclect^forjn^u-4i|iSiop«rffaagi<lmt«lu*y.' '• • „. .Capital Stock..jfaait hopes of unotlier lally. The tenor of the letter, of tho Ucr^ratio partT «oi« *<**•'' ' ' ''"*•"• ' ' -' •«.«*..$3MM,700 Dueto other bank*.t o Ao to 11 ltt fr&T* , *«V*ry•w*«».—— *••'.*•.« r e — 7Tia3l iThe SPEAKMessage from t President, commumcatiiig'thefact thiscity'yesterdayjafternoon,between3and4o'clock. of the capture the Wyandotte of another cargo of The storm came from the 'north-west, and appeared.to%m'laid before the House a siThe most destructive tornado ever known visitedWEDNESDA Y•Mr. GROW ( p;, Pa.) called upthe bill heretofore SSVEBLkB, PBRSairS H2aE>BS>. ing that Betsey Frances Tirn 11 was poisoned ;witb-- ••[vi CiffciMUTi, TueBday, May 22, I860.:1,000atKeyVflstunderthechargeoftheFederal beacloud,denselyblack,sometwomilesinbreadth, niatelegraphlinesbeingdown,wehavenolaterad- •^j'•-"/.•'-•' /,*••. KIEW-TOKK,May»*,I86«.las told us here that he would abide the decision of, theCourt, but at home he turns' his back on his promise,repudiates his words, and tells his people that he has soarranged the Kansas bill that in spite of the decisionthe people of the Territories can keep slaves out. Tobe twice deceived by the same man would be to makethem dupes and fools. Even Mr. Lincolnwas shocked at his profligacy, and charged himwith bad faith. The election came off, and though Mr.Douglas was successful by tbe arrangement of the Leg-islative Districts, Mr. Lincoln beat him 4,000 on. thepopular vote. Mr. Benjamin next read frommr.Douglas's Harper's Magazine article, to show that hehad absolutely copied Mr. Lincoln's arguments of 1858, paid an extraordhTsitry stipend. The speeches printed A part of the wall fell through Johnson's saloon-ad-Marshal. It su :ests immediate action for their ac- rushing forward yjrith fearful rapidity, accom yices than those brought direct from San Prancisco. . GrtffLK**.*-. TbepaiiuMrej^^expresw^myoariioftholJarcommodation an lealth, atod says thafmore may daily with thunder and lighjning and* torrents, of rain. : A rider was killed by tbe Indians on the Californut Inst. «ccit©u my •yropatbiea, I tnelone yon a thnyvcaat stamp, be expected to ._ brought in. The Message was re- The damage done in tins crfcyby the blowing: down end of the route, but all the express matter was saved. to rcpl|ice that whone low yon deplore, asd Tomato,ferred to the Coma littee on Judiciary. •:'M]detention of about 36 hours was caused by the mis- The House wfllpt into Committee of the Whole on and unroofing of hojasea is immense, and will probably fortune. -';"; ••:•' , '.-yonw, placidly, HORACE GREELiHr, Morgan Sc Mouher, Aprora, Cayuga Co;, N..Y.e Kepublieans of Plattsburg, Ctinton Couafy; enthusiastic ratification meeting on Monday g, which was addressed by the Hon. G. W .the state of the and. Judicial Appnion on the Legislative] Executive, riation bill.approximate $500,000. . " •A large number of persons wereinjured; J bat as-fa^SAX FaASrcttCO, May 11—4 v. «. Candles steady, end a shade firmer. Coffee; 10,000 bags Costa ItiCa, at auction, to-day, brought 15Jc. Itio cannot be quoted jo^over 15c., the market tending downward. Coal inactive, andMr. PRYOR$150,000 for rep ing and printpg the debates and as ascertained, but six persons were killed. !em., Va.), moved to strike outproceedings of C< jrees. He deemed this a superflu-ous expense. .W atover is really interesting isfur- blown oif, portioniE of which were carried to titer, M. CC The firing of cannon and a torch-l^rt ApploH and IlaisinB at the last quotations. Fresh Fruits at auc- nr Kegsion extended the demonstration late into tib*.nished l>y theiu pendent press, which gives a more tanceOf an entire scuare. exact transcript 1 what is said than that to. whioh isfish were qniot and unchnngod.' Thore were sale* of Dried tion wer* at & decline. "In two or three, days telegraphic communication will becompletebetweenSanPranciscoandjVarsalia',210 miles southeast of the Butterfield Overland route.;;; • s i ! ! 3 1 ' - ' •'-• ' • • " • ' '•'' ' '•'•' - -—T^ieBepublicansofDoylcstown,Penn.,onMon- day l»ad a rejoicing over the nomination of Lincoln,,jamin warned Mr. Douglas that the tendencies of hisdoctrines were to drive him back, step bv step, to theBlack Republican camp. Wc| already nnd him usingthe arguments and quoting the language ofthe Republican party. He next took up Mr.Douglas's statement that the Tennessee resolutions,offered at Charleston, were liable to two constructions;and said he had alrerdy threatened them to put a. con-struction unfriendly to the South. He read the resolu-tions, and contended that they were susceptible of butone fair construction, and that was a full recognitionof the right of all citizens to take property into theTerritory. Ho further said the South HOW demandeda clear and explicit declaration of principles. Hewanted no platform of donbtful construction. TheSenator from j Illinois claimed to belong to the Demo-tained? voidably brief, v wanted reporters who are respon- Miami Railroad^ between here and Loveland, sufferedshoulders of their servants. Secretary Cass, during the diplomatic proceedings, informed tho Commission- ers tnat it afforded him great pleasure to exchange the ratifications of a> treaty with them, and ex- pressed a fervent Jhope that the two nations -would be bound still closer in friendship. The Com- jniwrioners reciprocated the compliment, and expressedtheir obligations to the venerable Secretary, and spoke of tbe kind attentions bestowed on them, and trusted that peace between the two nations may be everlast- ing.The Japanese will visit the House of Representatives to-morrow at 1 o'clock. They have set apart two bears on Friday and Saturday for visits to them by members of Congress and familes.j 3*he Republican Association in Washington are mak- ing arrangements for a public meeting on Monday nighttoratifytheChicagonominations..The Senate met at 11 o'clock. then explained how by skillful tactics they succeeded' After further ji oceedings, the amendments were The Catholic Seminary, on the hill beyond Brighton, destroyed. The loss upon tbe building and stock is Mr. BIGUSK (Dem., Pa.) presented a memorial in in getting rules adopted by which the votes of minori- agreed to—77 ag&iji (t 45—the official reporters to con- was unroofed and otherwise badly damaged. §35,0d0; no insurance. The fire originated in the feed favor of changing the Tariff. ties against Douglas were suppressed under the unit fine themselves oi J j j to what is said in order, and ex- and sale stable, and is supposed to have been purposelyMr. FESSENDEN (Rep., Me.)'called up the Defi- rule, and minorities in his favor allowed to vote. Ho cluding undeliyersja speeches The storm "visited Cumminsville with great fury. set.viously undergo puvgation and revision, often m the ground floor..The roof of the new Commercial office building:was lao change; sales of Cumberland, 2,000 tuns in bulk, at $W. Salep oif JOrills at 30®10io.The Overhmd Mail with St. Louis dates to April 16,people want 8pe< j c hes, they will be furnished by the and fiel through the roof; letters, the largest number ever received here at one bim. "Everybody was pleased and in high spirits overlight of an adv< fary's exposure. . It was most ego-tiscal and absurc to" vote so much money. If the The steeple of St. Andrew's Church was blown off reached San Francisco on the 9th, bringinff over 1,000 feeb'jjir confident that Pennsylvania can be carried totindependent pres^ If the people do'not want them,Moit all tbe public buildings, Bcbool-houaes, and time. Tbe next subsequent mail is telegraphed, and tbe bakroonious result of tbe Contention. We learnthen printing gratify a varietyjhes at tne public expense was tochurches, beside a btrge number of dvyollings, weretbat'tljere will .be no third party strength any where outside of Philadelphia, and no; much there.~Tt|e nomination of Lincoln and Hamlin W*«. iv A deaf, dumb, and blind-asylum is soon to be erected ealttllifby 100 guns at Keene, K. H.,*'fired'aimid.fib»men.mate debate her em., Ala.) said there was no legiti-unroofed or otherwise damaged. . ..Mr. CURRY (.the speeches are except in five-minute speeches. Ifpreserved, as theS |>rthy of preservation they will be•an-abundantharveat.- h •, /' .*The1 Globe. No* were before the establishment ofor spoken.Mr. Pryor's amseech not a line of which was read inthe.city. a-'Preparations are making to work a copper vein in Eldorado Connty. Tho ere assays 115i pounds copper and 10 pounds 7 ounces silver to the pan.The Cincinnati, Hamilton, and Dayton Railroad'was Mr. BRANCH):Dem., N. C) saw many excellent covered with a forest of fallen timber between hereCharleston. Howwasthatapparentmajorityob- reportsintheindM;>endentpress,buttheywereuna- andCarthageVillage",andthecountryalongtheLittleFireatXeavcnworth,KT«etc.. '•—AporrespondentatSenecaPallswritestoustbat LEAVENWORTH, K. T., Monday, May 21,1S60. tbe nominations at Chicago are warmly welcomed ia. A fire broke out berc tbis morning, destroying the tbatviknity. Central New-York will roll up a greatMr. STANTON [Rep., Ohio) moved to strike out Tbe Catholic Orphan Asylum wa%completely un-Mr. BURN (Dem., Ky.) condemned such dis-had thus referred to the Illinois Senator. Up turbanccs. They ere a disgrace tb the city. The road suffered terribly.; 'Mr. GWIN (Dem., Cal.) introduced a bill to grant crats of Louisiana in 1856 as the model of an American Mr. MAYNARj US. Am., Term.) said all parties river. The steamers: at the levee were, however, Due from otlierb'nks 8,242,000the widow of Louis T. Linn arrears of mileage.The Senate after some debate receded from its* —*~~ TM *u- ** —••'• -largely from Mr. Butler's speech to his constituents in public meetings c not be protected from mobs.alternate sections of land to California for railroad statesman, but his confidence in him was forfeited, and ought to be prot.ee 1 in the exercise of the right of properly moored, and weathered the gale.purposes. could not be restored. He had repudiated his obliga- speech, as well as the elective franchise. Tbe steamer Virginia Home, when two miles aboveOn motion of Mr. PEARCE (Dem., Md.) the Senate tions. After making his promises, he went home, Lis ' Other remarks-i i=jre made on the subject, but, with- tbe city, was capsized, jand tbe cabin, parting from theon, the Committee rose.tion a')S Montgomery', Ala., on the 12th inst. They welcoijiied him as the noblest Eoman of them alL " Wailed to God," eays The Augusta Chronicle and ScntUtd, " we bad more such as he, and especially Just now m the State of Georgia."'' "ill'' .•••".—;7me Chicago Times, Mr. Douglas's immediate or- gan, (says ^tbat the nomination of Lincoln but re- fully for the nomination of Gov. Seward, because we moSre|jall possible doubt of Douglas's election." How have regarded him as tbe truest exponent of the prin- abouraincoln's having more votes than Douglas in 12-ciples of our"party—its ableet defender and safest coun- linois||i 18587 ' 'insisted on its amendments to the Consular and Diplo- knees faltered, tatd he gave way. Mr. .Liucoln, who matic bill, and the Committee on Conference were stood firmly on principle, and was beaten, is tho candi- ordered to confer with a similar Committee on the part date for the Presidency of his party. Mr. Douglas, of the House.out taking the que Adjourned.A VOICE FROM AUBZjRN.To the Editor of The N. Y. Triune.'corrected the statements made by Messrs. Lane and be so considered. Pugh yesterday, in regard to the action of Indianareception of repor rom Committees.Mr. Webster, ni the Committee on Temperance, ments, trees and shrubbery was severe.(i FFALO, Tuesday, May 22,1860, The businees b$: re the Conference to-day was the$6,000. ,-iv:- - .'.••••*At Spring-Grove Cemetery tbe destruction to monu-who faltered, won the prize he contended for, but the glittering prize to which he has looked, for years-is slip- ping from nis grasp. He might conclude, as the Sena- tor from Illinois had done, by saying that he bad acted only in self-defense, and all that he had said could onlySin: After a. few hours of calm reflection wc are disposed to say, Amen to tbe nominations just made at The HE. General Conference. Two of tbe crew were lost. Tbe boat was valued at Chicago. Though we have worked ardently and hope-submitted a report t commending that the preachers be Along the Cincinnati, Wilmington and ZanesvHle upon the introduction of slaves. He contended that Mr. HAMMOND rose to a question of privilege, instructed to cooper;i e in all proper efforts for seenring, Railroad, from MorroWtown to CircleViJk, trees were Indiana did petition for a suspension law prohibiting upon which he would speak to-morrow. It was that in all States in whip I they niay reside, laws looking to blown down by thousands, an d several houses wereselor—yet we have too much confidence in tbe wis- dom and integrity of the delegates to Chicago to doubt for a moment the fitness and strength. Of the ticket nominated. jI We were not so much surprised at the nomiiiation i of Lincoln as at tbe defeat of Seward..' Our hopes < were high prior to the assembling of the Convention, ] and our advices from Chicago, together With tbe dis-—TlwNeit-Haven Register says that Mr. Lincola'a speed's in tbe late canvass in Connecticut, were such tbat *$many conservative Bepublicans, who beard bim. 5peakj|turned from 'him in disgust; and voted for the Seynji^ur and English ticket." This is good. It explain* what;mre never could understand before, namely, bow it happened tbat tbe Democrats carried Connecticut so> splendidly at the election in April last.—Our Boston correspondent Writes tbat Edward; Everest will certainly decline tbe nomination for Mce-P^resident, conferred on him at Baltimore.—wile Bv ffalo Commercial Advertiser, in reply to somersmarks of a cotemporary, gives an explanatioa of its-position toward tbe Bepublican party hitherto, but says it'shall not recur to the- subject. " It is one of a hundred by-gones which to-day, in' the face of a > unitedijopposition, with tbe sun of victory rising o'er tho land, are mere shadows of the past." That ia tbe right ;ff?irit. Let us to work against tbe common foe I—The 'Charleston Courier describes the late memor- able m semblage at Chicago as <l tbe free-filth andw?ool- gather i g Convention.'.' The Courier in a mteterof gentlemanly and cbivalric English. The Charleston'Mercury7 though politically more extreme than The Couritr, is much more decorus. It eays of Mr. LJU- coln'that, "though not an out-and-out Abolitionwc, hehad demonstrated tne wisdom of that refdsal. form. The Kansas bill provided'the manner in which vice of internperan * The report was adopted,He next referred to"the interference of'the Supreme the power of the people of the Territories was to be Mr. Powej:,-from le special Committee on DivorceCourt in political questions, and said in doing so they determined by the Supreme Court, and the question and Remarriage re rted „ that it ia the sense of thisA heavy rainset in early in 'the evening, and con-the appropriation! of. $30,000 for the support of theA, distressing drouth still prevails./ISoston Weekly Bank Statement. zealous aid in reforming tbe Government and putting;roofed, and the road between Cumminsville and the Vote*in the Convention. In this connection he read Auxiliary Guard.' This police was so managed that Brighten House completely covered with trees torn upCapital Stockresolution for the restoration of Augustas S. Baldwin to 185S no one had a higher regard or respect fojj Republicans, how er, were not the only party ever The Btorm raged with fearful violence along the" X/OtuiHaud DiscountH 61,724,000 Deposit*.... to the active list, as Lieutenant of the Navy. him than himaelf. He had held him up to the Demo- disturbed here Specie: '. 6,2(59,000 Circulation.9,193.000 T,03I,W0•Considerably in certain sections, butf-generally the grow- Tbe telegraph lin>s in every direction were- pros- ling crops throughout California and Oregon promisein San' Prancisco, funds being provided by the mission to print a an would dare to rise and ask per-, as far as is asceitaii ed, it has been fully as severe as" State. ' . -' ••.''.' 'enthiMaem of tbe people. A' copious and long-wished for n|m followed upon the announcement of tbe nomi- natiobj h'tcraDy making the earth to rejoice. Oar correspondent at Keene says that the State is good for 6,000jinajority for tbe Chicago nominees. v -IState8prep.ent. of order. At Loveland the rauroad depot and other buildings Parmera' feed and sale stable. The building was majorfiy for Lincoln and Hamlin.Mr.'BENJAMIN—Yes. It was obtained by one of Messrs. CONK ING (Rep., N. Y.) and ETHER- were demoKshed,' as J was also the raih-oad shop at owned by J. P . Russell. Loss, $1,000; insurance, those little arrangements which are sometimes made. I D G E ( S . A m . , 1 n.). severally showed that essays $600. Tbe loss on the contents is probably $500, which m SENATE....WASHTI»GTON, May 22,18C0. But the truth of history will leak out. Mr. Benjamin! and arguments n r delivered1get into The Globe. Lawrenceburg. • is not insured. O. L. Bracklin's drug store was also—A prominent citizen of Otsego pounty reports that tbe Kermbbcans there are entirely satisfied with tho nomination of Lincoln and Hamlin. They arc going to'wojfe to do their full part toward tbe 50,000 majori- ty WbSch New-York will give in November for tho Flatboatman of tbe Wabash. And not tbe Republican* only ji-uiei Americans and Old Whigs will lend theirhciency bill, as returned from the House. read the statistics of the voting to . sustain this view, The latter bad stricken out the provision for paying-J and to show that Mr. D>oouuggllas really had only 130hull, floated down the river in fragments. There were but three passengersori board, all of whom were saved.baggage car completely demolished. escaped uninjured.The passengers ' ..patch to T H E TRIBUNE, removed every' vestige of doubt; so that we were illy prepared fOr any result other than the nomination of our own distinguished townsman, friend, and neighbor. We sincerely regret bis defeat, but rejoice that tbe choice of tbe Conven- tion fell upon bonest Abe Lincoln.Tliere was. no name before that Convention, tbe mention of which will excite more enthusiasm,'and de- mand and receive a heartier or more zealous support than thatof Lincoln. Had he not already earned and enjoved a reputation for integrity,;capacity, and states- manlike sagacity—the great unanimity and unbounded enthusiasm witn which bisj nomination was made and received by the Convention would be a sure guaranty that aftaman for the times was Abe Lincoln.A certain indication of tbe strength and popularity of tbe ticket is found in theft>cttbat all the Democratic Editors in tbe State have gone stark mad at the result of our Convention, and are agonizing dolefully that such men as Seward, Chru^e, Wade, Banks, and others should have been put aside for Lincoln.. Scores of Democrats are Tp&dy-noio to avow their willingness§600. Tbe loss on the contents is probably $500, which is not insured. 0.*L. Bracklin's drug store was also destroyed. The loss upon the building, and stock iscises of the L a w School take place this evening at the hall of the Historical Society.truth, aim justice, and mercy, and all tbe humane » .a Chiistian Virtues, might not be extinguished fr<:.;.i iao land; sothat'no man would hereafter dare to liw^- nod cu-cumscribe tbe great principles on which the temple of liberty was being built. , •Now, inv countrymen, if you have been taught doc- trines conflicting with the great landmarks of the Declaration of Independence; if you bayo listened to suffRf stiolts which would take away from its granueur, and mutilate the fair symmetry of its proportions; if you baveTbeen meliued to bebeve that all men are not createdi e<iual in those inalienable rights enumerate*** our charttof liberty, let me'ontreat'you to come b a c k - return to the fountain, whose waters spring close b y tbe bloodbf tbe Revolution, Thmk aothuig of me— take no tlfougbt for the political fute of aiiy man whom- eoevor^Ji* come back to the truths tbat are in tho Declaration of Independence. ..You nuii do aufj-thing with me you choose, if yott will but hied these sawed principles, l o u may wot onlvjdcfcii roe for the Senate, but you ^lay take mo aatfput m | to death. While pretending no indifference to earthly bonon, I do claim to be actuated in tbw contest bv isomething higher than -an .anxiety for office.F a t a lA c c i d e n tST. LOUIS, Monday, May 21,1860.Tbe scaffolding at the north end of Trinity Church,"The'waves washedsional District of this State have nominated ElijahH.HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.Mr. DAWES (Rrp. Mass.), from the Committee on A deaf, dumbj and ind asylum is soon to be erected NOVEL LIFE PRESEKVER.—Tbe steward of gjiip the day of his apprehension", and could not, therefore, stray didf\mmortalerriblcvt of humamttf—Jhc X>ccla-never known nor spokenja word with the negro until nothing; jindgc*Douglas is nothing. But do n&t A*^ Elections, reported resolutions declaring, first, that J. in San Francisco, iinds being provided by Itbe Cicero, wrecked on tbe Bahamas, arrived at" Boston have betrayed his confidence; •y:\:-. ration of American Independence.K. Barrett \z not, and, secondly, that Francis P . Blair State.is, entitled to a seat from the 1st Congressional Dis- Preparations are, n dng to work a copper vein in on Thursday, somewhat bruised froba contact v ^^ ^ etrict c,V Missouri.Tne majority-and minority reports were ordered toEldorado County. C(| ere assays115J pounds cdpper rocks when reaching the shore.. He states *that notCRITICAL COITCHTIOA- OF THE REV. THEODORE PARKER.-—Letters from Florence, received in.this city, confirm the statements in regard to the dangerous ill-THE DKrjfOCiiATS i.^ MoBILK.-—A meeting of the Mo- bile Dcmo<Tacy was held On the. evening of xho 12th, to cxnretfS approbation of the act of their deicgatea in.Mr. COLFAX (Rep., Ind.) explained the amend- ments which the Committee on Poat-OfliceB propose.in tbe hope that nuw sightsand 10 poundB 7 ount 4: silver to the pan.being able to swim, he endeavored to save I .imsolf by-BOSTON-, Tuesday, May 22,1860$36,501,700 Due to other banka.never known nor spoken a w ord with tbe negro uiatil5*0,737,000 tho day of bis apprehension.', and tould not, therefore, •which w«3 written by one often at his bedside, bids j •wUbu^tlM country. on4u»ore o«p«laU.Y of tb« I)«ui>uv r*vy SfUntitled Document:• I. •'%Honest? Men in power.20,757.000 r —Tbe Hon. W . L. Yancey bad a grand publicreoep-h••$&j•B S3 www.fultonhistory.com 