 THE CRISISwho, Iamgladtosee,Ispresent,Iswell known toWe served together in the House of Delegates. B e will be found competent, patriotic a n d faithful I e o n htmtoyourkindness,andlam sure that hewm withthatassistance(forbearancehewillnotneed)which uponalloccasions1received from you. Heis,geotle- men,amansome*hatofmyown'color,onlyaDttw more so. (Loud laughter) fOLJieutenant Governor Jack- son and bin snecesnor, Mr. L. Mcntagne, m M b redwebecompelledtoany,astothemidstofwar'* desohvtion—•Oh, say, can you secby the dawn's early light.Wb*»r^rywoh^lodatth.twilto^^ Whosebroadstripe*andbrightstart,throwghthepenlou.truth-thatintheperformanceorallthedutieswhichyon mar think iiecomnry to protect the righto of our section of Dtooountry, don't hesitate for n moment, under the atpprebenslon'thatthepeopleof theCommonwealth, ofallDarties.won't standby andsustainyou. Letme toilvouthatlhavosomeMtUeexperience inthto matter, •nayn***aywithperfectconfidence,thatwhateverto done proudly, gmlantlyan^boMrytor the defence ofthehearing before tbe magistrateSecond.—Does Mr. Parker know what the manchtoeerto?Ifhedoes,hemustbeawarethatnodecoctioncould be prepared from that tree. Thewriter,whenamere child,nearly lost bislife by being ptaced under suchi s tree for s few minutes, ft to so deadly potoonoito tbat no herb of say kind growsLetter,fit*bar0Dnwi«d»binVirginia,haired] Gentlemen,tomvretirementIshallfeeladeep interest to whatever concerns m y State and ^ n t r y ^ jeclipsedanddlmmedfShallwenaythattheveilofthe temple to rant to twain, and naught beta m«ut ofdarkness anddesolation pravatlat Oh,no; ttwognitttncrtoto to Impending, though th e Helpers ofdeatt^cttonhave raread the train and lighted the t ^ j W w lshakethecitadelfromItsturrettoit*foundationstone. pledgemywordthepeoplewillthankyoutorR.TWcto therearepatriotsintheland—NorthandSouth,Butandslavecouldbewashed(afterbeingwhipped)withsde- coction from the tree, to what I cannot understand, e n d neversaworhoard of, though born on th*islandand brought up among the staves.Third—He state* that t h e negroes rebelled to 1 8 4 * . Again b e to mistaken. They rebelled to July, 1848, insti- gatedbytheGovernor of theisland,whofledtow days after. He also •ays they took n o revenge. Thai to erro- neous,foreverykind ofpropertytheylaidtheir hands on they took or destroyed in the most wanton manner. Theyweresirentheir freedom ontheseconddayafter they rebelled, but that did not quiet them, they laidto- picstonumsfin allthewhitemenoatheisland,re- serving tbe women tor their wives- Bach negro selected a particular white woman as hto wife, and they nod8ffnrit,townee, LcnUUnaandlinenri.Grand PaBqiet at RkkniMMl to Lien*, Governr Jacks**.SignificantSpeechesbySenator*and Men- ben of the Virginia Government.bono that the labors of the present session of tho^fnora' Assembly of Virginia may b e eminently swooessfal to d e -lativeAssembly,willbe»natamedb»thegallantandnoble people of Virginia. I do not care What Hlllyou do to thto connection,donothesitateunderthe*deathatthe people won't sustain yon to bold, eiiergeUo,decided action. What your conscience* tell yon shall be done doboldly .and 1CharlestonNominee, dk..dc.PoliticalfeelinginTennesseerunsstrongly to favor of Wise for the residency since the Governor delivered h is great Union speech to the medical students on their return toRichmondfromPhiladelphia. Hetonowtheexaltedhero of the South fo* the first office in the gift of the people. It totheuniversalbeliefthathecouldbeelected, andheis tbeonlymanthatallparties,whig,democratandoppem- tionist, will unite upon. The same may besaid of Sam Houston for Vice President If Union-loving men wish toCondition of too Blacks in BritishProvincesthethat *hemaysustainherselfhereafterinoroutofthe Union? How shall w e do this? There is the great Went lying behind our Alleghanie*. W e must separate her fromaccustomedtobeinggroanedandhissed—Idesire,whilst I detest the man as much a* any of you, to give expres- sion to m y gratitude to that man—I mean vthe leader ofThe amount o f property destroyed b y the staves must have amounted to near half a million of dollars, and yet we are toldjthey took n o revenge.Let Mr. T. Parker, the next time he writes about slavery, avoid all statements as tothe treatment and re- bellionofthenegroesto tbeislandofSantaCrux,unless he takes care previously to inform himself a s to the racts.By inserting the above in your valuable paper, you will much oblige a native o f the island o f Santa Crux.* cnion, and stimulate^ the ardor of tbe South to the main- tenance ana advocacy of tbe righto of that section, than all the m en from the Potomac to tbe Rio Grande couldAc, Ae..CONDITION OP THE BLACKS IN THE BRITISH the formation o f which Virginia contributed more thanPROVINCES.TO THE E1HTOS OP TUB UERALD.any other State. (Applause.) W e have been a patient and a forbearing people. W e have conceded until w eNsw Y osx, Jan. 8 , IMP.PHILO VERITAS.Yesterday my attention was directed to an extract in have nothing left to compromise but honor. ItACCOUNTS.the B n u u ) from Cocsens' Sook o a Acadia, in which men-issaytime t ow e should Northernsay—that t h e whole fanaticism—"ThouSouth shouldbast cometurn m made of the condition of the negroes in the vicinity thus far; come thou n o farther.1* (Applause.) May He who has watched over us as a nation,of Halifax, N 8. Ravinglivedforanmbirofyear*totheLowerPrjvuwes, and having travelled through the greater part of Neva Scotia a i d New Brunswick during the past summer, 1 can bear willing testimony to the truth of what Mr. Cornell has written o n the subject, and not only that, b u t can go a little farther than h e does. H e merely saw a wngle "black settlement" of the many that arein the provinces, and then, according to bis account, found it located o n the most barren and rocky tract o f land in t h e dtotriet of country through which h e travelled. I have seen nearly a ll their settlements, in both Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, and moat say that a more wretched, im- poverished and degraded set of creatures it would b e dif- Sentt to find anywhere under the sun.respect, far better treated than the poor white settlers; ciation of and regard for that gentleman. The occasion issponsibilities of the the high office which he has just as- sumed. During a public career or ten years, as a mem- ber of the Reform Convention and as a representative into rush rorward to meet and rejiel the wave of fanatical encroachment on our rights, while the danger at hand is only imminent. We have been told that w e are to await1^!^!5 .^aTemDlre5 ^ - i 5 , m d s o a ^ » m o ^^ %ZZ*S T^^ a andour led and preserved. (Ap-patriot*,oughtwetofoldourarmsanddonothing?Oh, and feel happyto having anopportunityoftestifyingnoi Rather let us imitate tnegoddes* Minorva, and gw to the appropriateness of thto offering to hisforth clad in our helmet and armor, ana taking a spear services and worth. There to one offering of gratitudein each hand bethe better able to defend and protect foe due toa very noted man who has lately expiated uponconstitution and the Union. Ought wo not rather put our tbe gallows the highest crime known to our law . . I de- nominate candidate* that can easily be elected, let m eZ ^ JS S ^be nrotected. defeTheSenateofVirginia—Theembodimentoftheeonserva- usui, dignity and intelligence of the Commonwealth.Loud calls were made for lieutenant Governor Moata gue, whereuponMr. MO5TAGI'S said—In behalf of th e Senate, Mr Pre- sident,1returnmyacknowledgment* forthecompliment paid the Virginia Senate. It is appropriate because it isjows •— TbePress—ItsfreedomIsoneofthegre»tbulwarksofliberty—May it always be controlled by wisdom, patriotism and virtue.0. JINNINGP WISH, Esq., was loudly called upon to re- spond, whereupon h e said —That every State of this confederacy is sovereign withji the limits of its territorial jurisdiction, except to so far a s ofNewOrleansasRegard*SchoolscfMedical Practice— tbepeopleofsuchStatehavesurrenderedapartoftheir sovereign power by tbe grants of the constitution of theSEW YORKHERALD, SATURDAY,JANUARYthe statement, I make It with a foil knowledge of itsSHEET.he*« makeuseofthese,andyet, though the third generation of them are now living one of social and festive enjoyment, and perhaps nothingon these lands, they are in just a s wretched a condition a s of a serious nature ought to be introduced here; but when UMfirstsettlers.Nothingcanexceedthesqualor,pover-Igeehereto-nighttheflagofourcommoncountry—thatCongress,hewasdistinguishedforhisindustry,overtacts.Well,sir,theLieutenantGovernorofthisNo city in tb e Union presents greater advantages forthe study o f medicine than ours. The Charity Hospitalcontains at all seasons an average of eight hundredpatients afflicted with every variety of disease,and offering a wide field for the practical stulyof medicine and surgery. Here alone can an abun providing for the return of any slave escaping from onety, d m and immorality which exist among them, or which did t u t very lately, a s I can attest from personal know- ledge and observation.flagwhichistheemblemoffreedomandequalrightseve- andespeciallyforhisfidelitytohisconstituents. A* Commonwealthhasjustcalledyourattentiontothefacttwelve miles from St. Join, N. B , would be enough to c-awngetheviewsofthemostrabidabolitionistontho q u e s t i o n o f s l a v e r v , a n d . I© m y k n o w l e d g e , i t d i d s o mThe constitution and laws of our country have been vio- latedandtrampledindust—madewetwiththebloodof e u r o w n p e o p l e . T h e p e a c e o f t h e c o u n t r y h a s b e e n d i sK i c n a o N O V a , J a n S. 1^60. GSWTLEHBH—I have had the honor to receive your po?li« lat- ter ot the 4th init. inviting me to attend a complimentary dw- r.er tote givbn to Lieut. Gov. Wm L Jackson at the Ballard be done, or our federal Union is gone, and gone forever. House this evening. The state of my health, and a recentJOHN LfiTCHJKR.dant and varied supply ofsuojects for dissection be ob- tained,whilenosillyprejudicesinterferewithsoindis- I * n s a b l e a b r a n c h o f m e d i c a l r e s e a r c h . O u r m e d i c a lState and foundjwiihin tbe Jurisdiction o f another. TbattbeCongressoftbeUnitedStateshasprovidedby l a w f o r c a r r y i n g i n t o e f f e c t t h e s e v e r a l p r o v i s i o n s o f t h e constitution. Tbe Supreme Court of theUnited States, the highest source of Judicial power, after solemn delibe- ration, has declared the laws of Congress to relation toAfrican slavery to b e constitutional.That as no State can be admitted into theseveral cases where individuals visited the place. Winter turbed, and the great question for us ali here—yes,after winter th e blacks a t Loch Lomond have been m » stale of starvation, owing solely to their o w n •wax =9 and disinclination to labor. The land they occupy is the bust in the country adjoining SaintJohn a, yetthev are so idle that even the most industri- ous of (hem seldom to more than raise enough to subsist •a. The mr«t of them preterlto eke out a precarious suti- aoetence b y making brooms, shingles o r baskets daring the winter ami spring and selling berries while they a r e In season in summer. But even at this means of unnq they labor no more than Si nc cessary to obtain what they want at the time. They never make any provision for the rotor*, but let it take care o f itself. T h e characteris- tic thoughtlessness and improvidence o f their race i s just as observable in them as to the native African.No stronger instance o f the folly a n d danger o f imme- diate emancipation of the negroes can be found than is presented in the condition of these wretched people. De* •eroded from those who were emancipated without pre- paratioa, without accustoming them to habits of self-reli-and to providing for themselves, these people inherited the habits and faults of their I, and are In general a burden andon the community, instead of being in- dependent and well-to-do citizens. This is the case with nine tenths o f t h e free negroes to America. H o w many of those livtog among ns at the North ever think or working a t any emptoynunt which requires great phy- sical exertion and continued labor* Not ten in every hnndred. They become barbers, waitejs, whitewashes,anything, to fact, but hard working, industrious laborers, fortheyhatelabor.Idontprofesstobealoverofslaveryinany form. I wouldratherseethenegrofree,iftheenjoymentofhi« freedomwouldnotbeattendedwithworse consequences m both whites and blacks than his present condition at tn*gouih,gonoonecanaccusemeofbeingactuatedbyhere, around this social board, a n d everywhere—id, how shall quiet and confidence b e restored* This mustol Senator Isbell, for a m il report of all the statutes passed by the Legislatives or Northern States in derogation of our rights Look to this dcvelopement, Senators o f Virginia, and find on th e very statute books of several of the North- ern States overt acts o f unconstitutional invasion even now operating against u s with an influence and an outrage even more reprehensible and more fatal to our peace than the raid itself of John Brown has proved to b e The question involved is for yonr official connleration, gentlemen. Howshallwemamta.ntbeintegrity of the Union? How shall w e rerel and extinguish the fluneoi encroachment which Ins already invaded the integrity of the Union? How shall w e act? When shall w e act? I will not presume to instruct you as to the bow or the when.cmeute will tend to make them even more so.Tbe great auction sale of the immense tracts of plantstion land'situated in fourteen o f Oie most eligible parishes in the State, and forming the bulk of that portion of the Mcporoogb estate bequeathed to this city, is announced lor t h e 2Sd or tbe present month. Land speculators are o n the oiutt'nrin consequence, and quite a 1-vely time among the bidders is anticipated. Thus, after thousands have bten frittered away in vain litigation, the remainder of this munificent bequest is a t last to b e incorporated into our city school rund, in accordance with t h e original d e - sign of th e testator. I wonder how th e shade of John McDonough will relish the idea ot the ship chartered to carry hi* liberated slaves to Monrovia as passengersbringing back about doable the number a* freight.MISSOURI.OCR ST. LOUIS CORRESPONDENCE.ST. Lons, Jan. 6,18«0.Vptratun cf the IrreprtstiUe Conflict—The RepublicanConointion t n Chicago—iHioppointment Because St. Louitrywhere—and know that the stripes on that flag have Governor, and owing fidelity and allegiance to th ; been stained by the blood of Virginia's sons, I feel it is sovereign people of Virginia, he will prove to be able,that one overt act has been committed, and I tell you thatnot one, but many overt acts have been committed, or areat this moment in the very act of continuous commission.I need not refer in proof of this even to the continuousguerilla war kept up o n the northern border o f the South-ernstates forthepilferingofSouthern properly.I r e f e r y c u t o a < ^ m o t i o n , g e n t l e m e n , u n a n i -mously passed by your own body at the suggestion classes are already very folly attended, and the recenttime fer all of her sons not only to speak oot, honest, faithful and fearless in the discharge of every A sight at the Inch Lomond settlement of blacks, about hat to act out, her will and her determination. duty imposed upon him by the constitution. (Applause.)nsmftiT rf the House of Delegate*; J. Randolph Tucker will develope it If this won't, nothing will, and the sooner to night. 1will say, if I know m y own heart, there is one rarty Given ly Slavet in lienor (f Hi* Arrest—Opir.unustrongly favorable to the nomination of Frank P. Blair, loping in its progress the wisdom of the fathers of the constitution—still disclosing t h e bless hgs o f t h e federalAttorney General of Vie Sate; Hon. Ala. R. Hottaday, 0. Jennings Wile, JSo., «e> , dcThe Senate of Virginia entertained e x Lieutenant Gover-know it, in my judgment, this Union ought to be dissolved. Union which above a il others I cherish, and which from my soul I desire to see perpetuated—a union of a 1 heartsto attain th e great end of Southern equal ty and Southern independence, then I am lor that plan. But 1 am for ac- tion; the time for talk is over. Let the South act together; act judiciously, act wisely; and if the North is determ.ned to force disunion upon us, let it come; the South can andof SctfJr , for the Vice Presic>ncy. The hue and cry ntised Uuicp, by our progress in national, wealth,power a n iThe large room in the Exchange Hotel, to which the banquet w a s given, presented a splendid appearance Pyramids o" various colored confectionery glittered in theThe fisr Spans-led Banner, oh ne'er let it waveO er the land of the bass, o'er the Bunny Souths grave.dominant sectional party in t h e North, haying for il* fun- damental principles or action those propositions o f hostiiRv to tbe South:—rangedthefulllengthoftheroom,andonetransversely placed at the head of these, were literally crowded withathome,uponeurownconsecratedsoil,willtheydefend must bepreserved upon thebasis of cinstitutionalwith life, with fortune, with everything, the righ's which and entire equality, (liiud applause.) ODO star cannot because if it were not for them the master would not beOpposition to tbe admission into the Union of any State tolerating the institution of African slavery; opposition to theprovisionoftbeconstitutionwhicbdeclaresthatnoall t h e ••siredelicacies thatt h egreatestconnoisseur- couldhalf as strict with tbe slave: and that he loved the Lordthe success ol their professed candidate, unless it shall redound to the political benefit of Frank Blair.The object will b e to g o into the Convention in Chicagowith a rtspeciable vote lo r BateB fur the principal office,and then when Seward, o r Banks, o r Bome other good" irrepressible conflict''candidate, is. nominated, t o d e -mand the second place on the ticket for Blair as a recom-pense for thedefeat of Bates. There is, however, an-other branch to this interesting design which is ofteneroiscusscd, and is common talk in political circles wherethese worthies move. 11 Blair is defeated in his higheraspirations he wiil become a candiiate lor CoDgrees.againnext August. The contest, even witu the disadvantage ofbis endorsement of the Helper book, will be close a« be-tween himself and a regular democrat. The city to ftllmgDr. William F Thompson, Senator from Dinwiddic, presided. On his right sat the guest or th e occasion, e x Lieutenant Governor Jackson; and on his left the present nontenant Governor, Robert L Montague. The Armory saved was engaged for th e occasion, and during the dinner played a series of national airs, which gave increased ani- •nation to the scene.After all had partaken of the good things spread before them, and a volley or tw o of champagne squibs were let off, t h e President, Dr. Thompson, arose and said:—SBfuTow AND Gsjntjunai—For more than ten years I have been a member of th e Senate of Virginia. During that period I have never ventured to preside over that body I feel myself complimented in being chosen Presi- dent on this occasion, for w e meet here to do honor to a gentleman who has presided over the body of which I have the honor to be a member, with distinguished abi- lity and marked courtesy—who has won oar confidence and esteem, and w h o I s universally regarded a s a true Virgana patriot and •talesman. His presence forbids m eDr. JOHNSON said—I have now a toast to ofier which I feel assured will b e universally responded tit. It is to a man whose name is a household word In Virginia, a n d who, 1mayadd,livesinthehearts ofhiscountrymen.The course that the HHULD has pursued to regard to th a renegade EeJpermeeta with tbe approbation of every onehere,andasEoonasthemail isopenedyoucanhear the questions asked, "Has the BnuD corne?" "What's tic new* in tbe HEKAI.P.-" &c.the South knows it th e better, and tn e moment she -i->esnor Wm. L Jackson In a splendid banquet a t the ExchangeHotel to night. T h e entertainment was givan a s a markofappreciationoftheofficialcourseofMr.Jacksononhiswilldefendherself.Shehasathomealltheelementsof divisionbetweenNorthandSouth,oh!letusbunthreetrrfourarrests,ami1understandwarrantsretirement from office; and eminently worthy as that gen- tlemanisof anyhonorthatcan bebestoweduponhim,I • n o t say that the entertainment to night was such a s thedefence, and, with justice and right on her side, she is d e t e r m i n e d t o m a i n t a i n h e r i n d e p e n d e n c e , n o t o n l y a g a i n s t the North, but against the world. One word more, Mr. President. W e have heard a good deal about non inter- course laws, discriminating tax laws, retaliating la x laws.unite here in heart and hand for the maintenance of ther i g h t s a n d t h e ' i e f e n c e o f t h e i n s t i t u t i o n s o f t h e C o m m o n -wealth. (Applause.) My honorable friend over the way(Lieutenant Governor Montague) h a s delivered somevery eloquent sentiments on this occasion. Much h a s cbarpe of circn'ntmg "Heift-r's" work (I write h-s name,djMiLgushed man of thecountry might beproudof.i a s p o n t a n e o u s t r i b u t e , g i v e n w i t h o u t r e s p e c t t o p a r I a m o p p o s e d t o a l l s u c h l a w s . I t w i l l b e b u t p r a c t i c a l b e e n s a i d a b o u t t h i s 8 t a r S p a n g l e d B a n n e r , a n d t h e s eIt disunion—disunion indirectly. Now, whatever we do in Among those present I noticed the Hon. A. H. H. this matter let us do like' men. Let us do nothing in- Stuart.SenatorRives,brotheroftheHon.WmC.Rives,directly,whichwearenotwillingtododirectly.stars and stripes—the emblems of our glory. eloquent lines—TheStarSpannedBanner,ohlangmayitwave&r, theseand many others of the opposition members of both Do not put the South in a false position, act housesoftheLegislature. Letusbecairn—andifwe%ncompelledtoseparate,meetworth st II rema'DS in jail, as he prefers lo trust him- a row generally when anybody dares to say Bates is notse-'ifinmenantisofthelawratherthanthehandsoftbe theman.Biaif.sen>cr.cifilver3[rings,Md.,thegetterpeople. up of tne Helper Compendium, and the same who pulled Union, they are resolved that the South shall not holdandrampartswewatched, streaming.vm^-'- t union. (Aiiplanso.) .Let ns prepare for de- shoulders to the wheel and make Virginia independent, sire here to say—even if I am hissed—I am pretty wellpair of the Union. "(Applause.)fenceagainsttheencroachmentsoii»KtuwaiP<».v,«,predominant to tne Northern portion of our cosntry, andwhich threatens to override the constitution and destroytherepublic.Letustakeourstandprudentlyandfirmly, theNorth. Todothiswemustopenupourarteriesto theHarper'sFerryraid—forthesignalandvaluableser- neitherresolvingnoractingrashly,andletuidowhatever thatmightyWest,andpermittheircommerce—thelife vicewhichhiliasdonetous. (Laughter.) Iwillsay to so resolved shall be done. (Applause, i Let ns appeal blood of nations—to flow through our veins, and our oom- that in a few days he has done more to excite public opi-chosen their man for king. beforetheirexecution.Thto wss confessed b y manyThePRKSH'KSTproposedthenextregulartoast—Intheearlypartoflastweekthere wassome talk ofUnited States.That every State, to th e exercise of fto reserved sove-•r• *Kwere#>g*JJ»«FP,ShallweanyIttogonef-thoieguttering«ar*aw legalandconstitutionalrightoofthepeoplebytheLegis-tidenual0*mf<JWBnggatkmfofThrowingOeertheunderorinnearproximitytoit;andbows>West—who, if need bo, will open their veto* to exttogiuatoan occasion, I understand, upon whfchatributeofre- spect is paid to an honorable and distinguished gentleman who foryear*ha*presidedovertheSenateofVirginia.thematch,andconsigntheHelpersandfanaticstomerg-M »y ed contempt andoblivion. nut, though there are such I cordially unite to doing honor to that gentleman,1 4 ,I860.'•it*Parker states, fer n o thorn* grow o n the tamarind tree. SMBSAWSMSB»"*•*»'•* If the stave committed any grave offence h e was puntohod hy anofficer ofthetaw,andnotuntilhehadhadalairrecommend them to name Wise and Houston.Wise to his Union speech at Richmond touched the mainsprings of the people's hearts- They are all vibrat- ing now to the tone of the Union under Wise's doctrines, as set forth in his speech to tbe students. I know be could get every rote south of Mason and Dixon's line, andittoequallycertaintbatbehasmanyfriendsNorth. It is the universal belief here that he to tbe only man tbat could be elected in the democratic ranks. They all say that a man who could make s o good a Governor cannot fall to make a first rate President.Now I would propose to Union-loving democrats t o callin each State a convention, and atthis State convention tonominate Wise and Houston for their candidates. About TBS FLORIDA LEGISLATURE ON TBB UtSKPRXSfllSLW the20thofMaynextwouldbetimeenoughtodothis. Itwould be easy thu* to kill the Charleston conventionnominee, and the republican nominee also. People here The following report was male to tbe Florida House of are allanxious that this plan should be adopted. If this Representatives, on the 19th ult., by a committee of five, Buggestien should appear in your valuable paper, backedup b y one o f your able editorials, t b e whole Union wouldjump at it. Then it would b e the people that wou Id bare"the nominating of a candidate for President, and not thoseyou will be fonnd with the patriotic and Union loving peo- beauties of other c'.imcs. This will Institute a bloodless people will sustain you in. I will now conclude b y giving double faced politicians, who have had things their ow n Americaan nation are tbe offspring of the constitution ofscato to the sober conservatism of our Northern breth- ren—and I know there a r e conservative men to t h « sec- tion—to unite with u s to o n e more effort to preserve this great Union, founded b y our patriotic ancestors, and tomerce to flow into their heart, and when heart palpitatesto heart then will come the affection and the interest whichwill bind us indissolubly together, and make them readyto unite with us to fighting battles against our common have done for an age. (Laughter.) I therefore say, foe. Then w e shall b e able to build up our cities, to erect with the utmost detestttidn for the man, that there to a our owu manufactories, and to wear the products Ofour tribute of graftude due to him for the service own labor, to carry pn our own commerce in oar ownships, and make them whiten the seas o f other lauds, and let them know that there is a Virginia, and there are Vir- ginians,ana thatwearenotall Yankees,asitistheir wont now to call u*. Yes, and w e must do another thing.and who inspired the sages of the Revolution, arrest so We must invite capital into our borders, and not burthenit with unnecessary taxation—making it freo to expandits wlogs; not to take to itself wings and fly away, but toHy to and fro to the uttermost parts of the earth bearingavoided,theveryhumbleindividualwhonowaddresses ourblessing,andbringingbacktheblessingsandthe youdotomaintaintberigh'softheCommonwealth,thedireacalamityasthedestructionofour constitution;but if, s s a judgment for our sins, this evil must befall us; if the horrors o f disunion and a n internecine war cannot h eto whom bad been referred tbat portion of the Governor's Message referring to federal relations:—ple of that portion of the State where he resides, and conflict, which, if properly waged, will become so hot and you a sentiment:—whose home in that dread event will be the battle ground, irrepressible that w e shall force our enemies to respect The Commonwealth or Virginia—May she hare length of fighting sidebysidewitheverytrueson ofVirginiaand us, and,respecting us,stand by theconstitution,and, daysinherrighthand,andmherlefthandrushesandhonors- the South. *(Loud applause.) I will now conclude—for standing by theconstitution, stand by the Union. Thisto May all her ways be ways of pleasantness, and all her paths the conflict which must exalt Virginia in t h e firmament o fway for ten or twelve years back.I LOUISIANA. OURNEWO&LBANSCORRESPONDENCE.New OKLKANB, Jan. 1, 1800. Projected Union Meeting—It* Failure—Preparation* to Re- ceive ihe Medical Students from Philadelphia—Adoantage*the United States.That both are dependent on it for their vitality and per-petuity.Tbat t h e wilful violation o r disregard o f the constitu-tion involves tbedestruction of tbeUnion and the disso- lution o f t h e American nation into the original elements from whicb it sprung.there are those here to follow m e w h o will interest y o u more than I can—by proposing this sentiment :—stars, and make all the stars of the Union combined, like the aegis of Jupiter, dazzling and subduing, overpowering and glorious. Inconclusion,Ibegtogive youthis senti- ment:—The Helper Principles.—Those principles which induced tfce sons of Virginia to help ber to maintain her independence, la or out of the Union.be peace.The PJUCSIDKXT onered th e next regelar toast, a s folhe hasmen thatcoolly, but resolutely to set to work and perform the duty tbafi you owe to tbe Commonwealth. My old friend, Gen. Harvey, on one occasion said, if you want to make a railroad subscribe, subscribe, subscribe your money, and that is the way tomake a roil Gotowork and putthe State to a condition to defend her rights, whether in or ontofthe Union, and I pledge m y word that whateverdone. belongDon't you hesitate, to t h e Legislature,gentle- Solemnly,- NEWSPAPER CONFLICT.Mr. CHAIRMAN—With the pride and love or this.Iota Letcher. Governor of Virginia—Tae honesty and in- Union, 1 have imbibed, too, the sentiment that getting up a monster Union meeting here to respond toreign power, h a s an unquestionable right to establish, Whenfirstbroughttotheprovinces—Ithinkitwas Just;anditisappreciatedbytheSenate,asahightribute tegrityofbispubliccareergivethebeetaaauranoeofafaith- a jealous maintenance of the rights guaranteed theenthusiasticdemonstrationatNewYork,butthe maintainandenjoywithinitsownlimitssuchdomesticafter the peace of 1783—some of the best land in the 11viu one who has been associated with them in the dis- ful administration of the high ottice U whieh the voice of the by tbe constitution, especially the rights guar-country w as givesMbem. They received every aid and charge of their arduous and important duties, and, there- people has cabled him. anteed to the unimpaired equality of sovereign States;institutions a s it may approve, ncS inconsistent with t h e movement was confined mostly to Northern m en doing constitution of the United StatesCBc»nragem«atwhich thegovernmentcouldgiveinthe way of stock, seed, fee., for their farms, a n d food for themselves, a n d have almost invariably been, in thisfore,competenttoformacorrectopinionastotheirme- LowlcallsweremadeforSenatorJamesG.Paxton,a rightotobemaintainedateveryhazard,andbyforceofbusiness here, and proved a signal failure.I am informed tbat a number of the medical student*who quitted the Philadelphia schools of medicine a short time since are now en route for this city, where they will be welcomed by the medical faculty of the University of Louisiana.That neither tbe government of the United States nor the government or people of any other State can of right annul, abrogate, control or to a n y manner disturb th e in - stitutions constitutionally eetabhshsd to any other State.Tbat any State h a s a right to establish and maintain within its own limits tbe istitution of African slavery free from the molestation or disturbance of the people or gov- ernment of any other State of the confederacy.Tbat this right i s recognized a n d guaranteed b y t h e constitution of tbe United States, in the first article, second section, providing for theenumeration and representation of the people, and in the fourth article and second section,rits. Ofthatgentleman—thelatePresidentoftheSenat»—I,need not speak. This convocation here, these festivescenes by which we are atpresent surrounded, all speakinloudandeloquenttonestheVirginiaSenate'sappre- fidencethathewillbefullyequaltoallthedutiesandre- plause) Sir,wehavebeentoldbysomethatwearcnotresidentorIiexington,GovernorLetcher'sk>wn. armsifnecessary;thatsuch an unflinching maintenance Mr. PAXTONsaid the friends ofGovernor Letcher—those of constitutional right furnishes the best, the only means, who have known him longest and best—have entire con- by whieh to maintain the integrity or the Union. (Ap-The PKEMDKNTthen read the following letter from the Governor—family sfMi non, constrain ms to decline your invitation. Un- der other cu-cuBssiinees I would accept it with plets-i'-e.The time has come when the question must b e answered.Mr. President, 1 love this Union of our fathers, and aslong a s the rights o f all the parties t o the compact form-ing the Union shall be respected, I am tor the Union. Iwill fight for it at heme and abroad, upon mountainand valley, upon land and sea. But if the rights of all arenot to be respected, but are to be outraged by violenceandslaughter,thenIacnagainst theUnion,andlormlependence, equality and justice outsi<!e the Union. Theseare m y feelings, and I am just—ag the phrase is—freshIrom the people, and I tell you here to-night, I speak thefee togs and sentiments of the people. Tne people want must thst.k you kindly, and the member-t and officers of But I trust you wiil permit m e to observe that action—firm, decided action. The lay for compromises,Uniondirectlyof t b e United States a n d t b e Union, it follows that when any State, or tbe majority of tbepeople cfany State already within the Union, shall assume, adopt and persistently follow principles o f political action repugnant and tcstile to the constitution and the Union, such State or people must b e regarded a s faithless in their allegi- ance, foes to the Union and enemies to tbe constitution.That any State which shall, to the exercise of the elec- tive franchise, manifest a firm and determined resistan so to tbe rightful laws o f Congress, t h e provisions o f t b e constitution and the decision of th e Supreme Court, must be regarded as to rebellion against tbe government of the United States; as having placed itself beyond the bound- aries of the constitution—as having dissolved its political and national connection with those States which still maintain their loyalty to the constitution and tb e Unloos- ena such State is therefore alien and foreign to ail its p o - litical relations to tbe republicThat the Union o f these States was formed b y mutual concessions, friendships a n d sympathies between t h e people of the different States, and it can only b e maintain- ed by thecultivation of the feelings and sympathies from which it sprangTbat tbe election of an individual to the Presidency of tbeUnite!Statesbyalocalandsectionalparty,whose political creed is repugnant to the constitution and tbe Union,andhostiletotherightsandinstitutionsof another section,thoughtheelectionofsuchpersonmaybemate underthe forms known to theconstitution,yet,intbe spirit oftbe taw and tbe constitution, such person couldfor legislative resolves, has pa*sed,and theday f >r actioahas come; and, as one of the people, I will venture U sug-tbe Senate of Virginia, for henoring DIBwith an invitation here to-nigtt. I fed proud of it, ani I say, sir,tail I feel authorized in offering to you, the Settle of Virginia,if t t e movement for prompt, direct, forcible action has ar- rived, or when :t eha'l arrive, when th e decisive blow must be stricken I have little hope of the efficiency of sectional interstate congresses o r conventions. Congresses or conventions never die, and, 1 believe, will neVer givetbefirstgroat impulsetogreatpolitical reforms,begest my plan of action. I think the Southern States have the thanks oi the House of Delegates fcr the ompUmantsubmitted as tar as honor and safe;y justify. We can centaited in the sentiments you have announced. Sir,yieldnomore,andwearedetermined to yieldnomore. thatbodyjuetflceme—whohavebeenhonoredw.thapi-ROBT. A. A. COCKIIX, Kaq , and others.The PRESUJKNT proposed the next regular toast, as Arttolows:—TheHomeofrelegates—We tesdertothema eordUlc»o-curreoceInallmeasureswhichshallad.°aacetheb>&«•,right* snd interests of the South.(*ORM. Csi'TCHFnaD, Esq., Speaker of the Hiuse of Delegates, bavirg been called upon to respond, sail:—dBut how shall wcgive practical direction, practical effect sun n inthat body w.th which your honored gutst on it revolutionary orreactive. Ihe first great overt actof 1to this ^'termination ' B y each State acting alone?—one ycur right has been honored in your body—to s a y they patriotic resistance must b e accomplished b y a chosen going one way, one another? I think not. I think there and rovsclf have been associated together, and that few. Some 1'atnck Henry must first seize the powdershould be concert of action among all the Southern States. in cur official relations we have been all that the relations magazine, a* few men of popular influence must lead the uas net Stl'ded—The Plot to yeminate Bate*—FrankNothing but conservatism at the North can save the Union. of Virginia gentlemen could demand I have Known hum van. Eappy will it be for us if, in the crisis orthe "irre Is there conservatism enough at the Norm to save the wel—served with him tn the Houre of Delegates. I Know pressible coniict" proclaimed against ns, these leadng Union? If there is it is asleep, and must be aroused. his worthiness, and assure you I esteem it a great plea- men shail be fonnd ready aud already at the helm of How can this be doner By resolutions in your legisla- sure that Iam associated with you to-night iu doing ho- State. It is in the flrst instance to tbe separate action ot ture, which mean nothing?—by preambles an I resolutions " ror to teat good mac. I will say, in the language of liov. tbe executive and legislative authorities of the borderP. Blair, Jr., Aspiring to the Vice Presidency— Seward to be NvminaUd at Chicago, dtc.There aremany matters of interest in this city whichmay concern, more or less, the readers of the HERALD, of mass meetings? No, sir; no, sir. We want a conven- Wise, and more than that rreit man has said, tntt I m^an States, especially to the Executive and Lcgis'.a and. in detail or in brief, ought to concern everybody.tion,orcongressoftheSouthernStates;notcalledby mass meetings and mercantile associations, but convened by law—by lawsoftheSouthern States—to meetandconsulttogetherastothebestmodeofourdefenceandprotection. Letthere besuch anassemblya*this—anassembly of the people, not of the politicians—clothedtofigntfortheflagofeurUniona3IingasIcsnmvn'aiu (applause) :t.and keep those rasca.'s orabolitionists w in in it,andthen tight them outofit. (Applause) IlhaEKyou,Senators,tobehalfortheHouseofDelegate*, forthiscomplimenttcreofVirginia,tbat tbe people oftheSouth, nay, theconservative people of the whole Union, have thergMtoiooiforthefirstinstanceofefficientaid,pro tactionandredressforthenowviolated integrity oithe Union. (Aip-ause)Tbe failure of the Republican Executive Committee, whichmettoNewYork*onthe21stoflastmonth,tofix upon Et.Louis as theplace ofmeeting for the June Convention of the party,and tbe selection ofour principalDr.THOMPSON,thePresident,nextaroseandsaid—Iwill we want to live with you if we can live together upon The Judiciary of tin State—They have provei themselvesin legal panoply. Letthem meet notto dissolve,Cejnd.ce to make this communication. What hut been bet if possible to save the Union. Let them tell the North now propose the next regular toast—Col. T. P. AVGUBT, having been toasted by John Ran- rival, Chicago, have created a deep and bitter disappoint- only be regarded as a usurper or tbe executive functions,re asserted regarding the condition of the blacks in th-- provinces will, I am sure, b e readily attested to b v many m New Yo-k, who are just as ramiaar with the different localities referred to a s the writer.VIRGINIA.OCR RICHMOND CORRESPONDENCE. RICHMOSII, Jan. S, 1&60by (he Senate of Virginia to esc Lieutenant 67,,vermr f a L. Jackson—Speeches of Mr. Jackson, Lu =.-IjnsnrGartrntvMontague,CotGeorgeW.Munford.Secretary qf State; Senator Fasten, O. M Crutchfield,terms of equality; that we have made nowar onyou;wo have in n o wise assailed your rights. Y o u have warred upon us, you have assailed our dearest rights; and you must stop short. Y ou must repeal your unjust and unccnstitut.onal legislation against u s and our institutions. Y m must put conservative and jusi men in office, and w e will stay with you. But unless y o u d o listen to the voice of reason, of justice and right, w e mein to resume oar original rights and separate from you, and maintain that separation peaceably if wecan, forcibly if we mist. Letthe cniu-d voice of the South then go up to the North, and if there be, a s stated, an element of cooservaijitri potent enough to d o the South justice and save the Union, thisworthy of the trt^t reposed in them—-fiat]u*titi r.JOHN RANDOLPH TTCKITR, Esq , Attorney General of thedt> nh Tucker, Esq , the Attorney General ct the Common wea'tb, made a few amusing remarks. H o was followed by Col. (.hastun White, of Hanover, whodelivereia briefment here. There are a large number of republicanswho tctk an active and lively interest to the matter.and could not be clothed with the majesty of administra- tive power.That a compliance with tbe constitutional forms in con- ducting the exercise d f the elective franchise cannot ti-al the leprosy of moral treason, nor entitle tbe traitor to the obedience due only to tbe patriotPtate,havingbeenlou.'.lycalledupon,saii—1amvery address,inwhichhetookthegroundassumedbyGov Estimatesoltheprobablecapacityofthehotelsandpri-glad to be pretent this eight, and have an opportunity a Wise, to fight in the Union and force its enemies out.vate houses of the city (or accommodating guests wereaidicg to do honor to Lieutenant Governor JacKson. 1 don't know wLat 1hey do in the Senate, or what is the particular duty of the Preeident of the Senate: but I sup- pose his chief duty is to listen patiently Tnat being the case, I don't know that they could select a better man than William L. Jackson. A nd now that he is about to beconsignedtotheTomboftheOapukts.Iamveryglad thatwearetohaveascionorthehouseofMontague. As regards ibis question of Union that has been referred toA Dumber of other toasts were given, a n i about half past OLe o'c'ock the company separated, a'lcvilently w el1 pleased w.th the enjoy merits of the even.ng.NORTH CAROLINA.Cm GKRINSBORO CORMWl'ONDENCK.GREENSBORO,N. C, Jan. 4, I860. Ai-Tf.-f ff Mori AUli'xoniiU— Worth St\Q in JaiL-A Largeprepared, and arrangements made fcr securing the splen-uid EaU of the Mercantile Library Association for theoo:&s!on. Notes were exchanged between some ofthe leading parties here'and Gov. Morgan on the subject,and m e affair w a s considered settled, when down wenta i Lot<:Band expectations b y t h e announcement that Chicagohadbeenselected.Thereis,however,inthisaprivi'epe8ottbepeopleoftheSouth significance that is well understood here, and which com-in F-gardThis is my plan, but if any other be suggested better suited and of an hands in the Commonwealth of Virginia, for the and Houttcn IvVuW be Heaiwd—Cold Weaihtr, <&c , dx. gitmnion. Rules has thousands ot friends to Missouri who dominion^ and the happiness and prospsrity of our peo-advancement of her glory, and for the protection and de- fence of her honor. (Applause.) If there b e a division In this Union by the invisible line of Mason and Dixon, or if the waters of the Potomac must be a line ofwou.d gladly see him nominated by a combination of the conservative elements or the country. They are unaltera- bly opposed to the black republican party and all its John Brown "irrepressible conflict" dogmas.The republicans ot St. Liuis are trying to make use <f• Balesasacatepaw topull e>it_chestnuts rromthefirefor t h e u s e c f P r a n k t B t l i &a i i r r . . Wv v i i t t h n t t h h t i o s v i e w B l a i r p r o - iotas to be a great Bates m an. The Zteswcrof, which is Blair's mouthpiece, some weeks a g o came cut strong on the same 8ide, and the Chair-a s h e u s e d t o e j e l l i t b e f o r e h e l e f t t h e S t a t e f >r s t e a l m a n o f t h e R e p u b l i c a n C o m m i t t e e i s g o i n g a b o u t .08). the city crying "Bates' in everybody's ears and raisingple, m.ght induce ourbrothersof theNorth, najist appreciation of these inestimable blessings, if not from the higher obligations or justice and l a w , to pause in their career of wrong, and t3 consider well that as these bless- ings ut" the offspring of the constitutional Union, so they can only b e preserved b y a just administration of the government and a forbearance on their part to trespass- ing OD the constitutional rights of the Southern States. But recent events have forced on us the painful and irre- sistible conviction that a majority o f t h e people o f t h e North are aliens and hostile to us and the institutions of t b e S o u t h .isaytogmore, and I shall therefore content myself by and gallant champion of her righto and interest, her repu- th:s Union cannot be a perpetuity. (Applause.) 1 thank well as ourselves, enjoyed it to our hearts'content I wh.ch I know will b e universally tation, and honor and fame than Henry A. Wise, God that there is one man at the North—and that m an al to-:—and hewillrenderhisservicesnotlaggardly memberofthesameprofessiontowbtch1havethehonor wishtheabolitionist*couldhavelookeddownuponusandsparingly, butashedoes everything he tobelong—whohasstruckthekeynotetowhose,mnsio withtrue,honestfeelings.Iamcertainmanyweuldbe J&uliamL Jaekson, •so., lata Lieutenant Gov undertakes, with his whole soul and intellect— we may all step. That man said, in a letter when ashamed of themselves forthe course they have lately.andPresidentoftheSenateofVirginia-A withhi*musclesandsinews,nervesantfibres,and,if Irecently receivedfromhim,thai thereisoneIm-lamS^zSr*8* »n able and faithfol pubhe oflicer— need be, with bislife's blood, in vindicating her cause I pression that must be male upon the Northern taken, if they are true Americans and have one spark ofhave seen him in every trying situation to which a Go- mind, and that is,that tbe institutions or theSouth are honesty left in Uiem. There are many amongst us thatThis tcam^at^r*' of >**»*>*• ••CarrymeBaek*oS^?1wltn loud »PPteuae.notonlynotdangerous,butstrictly moralandright,and believe to thesuperiorstrength andpoweroftheSouth that untiltheNorthern peoplecometounderstandthatthere is a political, a s well a s a Christian code which to to over the North, and make wild calculations. Those whobe recognized, and that w e are right in t h e maintenance are the true people speak with regret a t t h e possibility or our institutions, there can be noreal Union. I willMusiJ— The reflection that in thefflSj*"6 *PP¥u8e< M d said—vernorcould well besubjected•before thescenesand behindthem,hebaagivenmehisentireconudeace,aod I know that he •topped proudly and nobly before the scenes and honestly and uprightly behind them. When calm and serenity prevail, he reminds me of the war horse af Job, snuffing the battle from afar; when danger is impending h e is like a game cook trimmed and g tff-sl for the fray, ready to pitch into any bird that dares to crowMrJicxsoaroseIssU«!2£*-''have metyourapprobation,an<i5£oi: m yomcial duty l tfficehasexpired,aadIantaboovaan*w>M mvtormof •usse the duties of private at. 7JT5** n o m e a n d reof th* h!gh compliment renders^ <*««medme Gentlemen, was it not'ror STJSl!2*t o f o l « *death by the just penahy of violated taw, instead of re ceiving i b e merited execrations d u e t h e felon, they w»reonM leave office without any r—vS**»f * toCtal this presence. H e stands proudly erect, VigiUntet An- who has really struck the true key note of Union—I mean book*" for sale, some maps, some aegareand various defence. Me seldom talks to a jury, and never say* a were broken by the violent intrusion of robbers and mur- very distinguished position from which I ncwTS.•*£• t—watchful and ready for the conflict Hisofllcial con- Charles O'Conor, Btq.,of New York (Loud applause)— word unnecessarily toanybody. A* the chief counsel to cerers, where the slave was excited to revolt and armed•et sought by me I had resigned a very fc£Er25fi nection with me, intimate a s it has been, to n o w severe:), office ec«Jarr#d upon m e twioo b y the General A m e M w but our friendship, 1 hop*, will last a s long a* each o f u s of Virginia; had remaned .the practice of m y minWS. 6ylive. Andnow,sinceyon have called metomym private h a ,wnen, its***©****!!*^'^ , '.may I notbe indulged in expressing the pleasure I and good man, Henry A . Wise, of whom every to being present to-night and having it in m ytbe grasp of whose hand I have been honored in htving, pedlars' articles; they seek a n opportunity quietly to g e twhose friendship 1 a m honor* l in having—Charles O '- amongst our negroes and make them dissatisfied in their Conor, a true son of the Emerald Isle—a true Irishman, mtoda on a point they donot understand. These inter-but, by the Power above us, a* trie an lopers have given us much trouble, and many persona American a* stops the soil oi this republic.the celebrated breach of promise case last spring h e w a s or the destruction of tbe master: where the blood ot peace sot very successful s s a lawyer, but a s a m a n h e stands fu), unoffending citizens w a s shed insight of their own irreproachable to the estimation of the community. Every dwelling^fscene* shocking to humanity aod revolting t aSunday be goes to the Presbyterian church in Locust Ibe sensibilities of ali good men, all Christian people— street. A ll attempts t o wheedle him into a political con- have given n e w impulse, new life, new hopes and new fessionthusfarhavefailed,exceptingafewgeneralideas successestotheblackrepublicanparty.of hto abhorrence of the African slave trade and belief toto,andshouldhoproud,thoughtmeworthyof 'inpavingthwfriendlytributeofresp^ (Loud applause). 1 propose to youtbehealth travellinghavebeenplacedInunpleasantposition*who i M t r " 1 " next to tun own—a selection which thwhwaa "'"•want Governor, your honored guest ? of Charles O'Conor, a native of the Emerald Isle—a son were innocent of any participation in their awhemesNordoestbeshameandsinendhere. TheChristian church has been desecrated, the house of God defiled, and tbe name and mission of tbe itaviour pro!aned by a-w.tm- iating the blood of treason and murder to the redeeming blood of theLamb of God.In view of these momentous truths, and tbe present threatening aspect existing between the Nona andthe South, your committee cannot repress deep anxiety a n d seriousapprehensionsforthesafetycftheUnion. Never- theless, w e recognise but one course whicb is left to tbe South. We, therefore, recommend tbe passage ofthe fol- lowing resolutions:—Resolved, by toe Senate and House of Representative* of the State of Florida in General Assembly convened, Tr.at, to view o f our national affairs, tbe time fo r argument Las passed, tbe time for action arrived, and tbat Florida, as one of the Southern States, abides the destiny of h ' ss* ters, extends ber warmest assurance and c o operation in any course their united wisdom may devise.Resolved, Tbat in the event of tbe election of a Presi dentbysNorthernparty,opposedtoslaveryasitexists tn the Southern States, it will b e the doty o f th* Southern States to prevent hto inauguration o r t o take some mea-times of slavery there wasseldom an tasUaoe of a surestocommontoprotectthemselves,and,asoneoftbeqmGeneralAssemblyofYirgto^altorwarda1bavww*BMwL,,'•*•conferred*mostworthilybestowed. ofNewYorkbyadoption—letushailhima*asonofVir- Wehavetotakecareofourselves,andthosewhovisit ttve of th« 2L!£, r t e B *B t Co^bor- *b«R » represents ginia by honor. (Loud applause.) u and come to a proper manner will be treated with all »ith giowmitaSEl^ °»* Hail of Delegates, vindicating The PRKSiDxxr then offered tbe next regular toast, which due respect and hospitality; and I am certain no one willtheevileflectoofslaveryuponwhite men.Whatsortof republican doctrine it is to hold tbat the fugitive stare law i*just and proper the big lights to that party must deter- mine.RECKLESSNESSOF ASSERTION ON THE PART OP TH1 ABOLITION FANATICS.TOTHEEDITOROFTHEHERaLD.In yonr paper of the 7th tost, wss published a letter from Theodore Parker, n o w in Rome, to s friend in Bos- ton, in which Mr. Parker speaks of the stave law of theislandofSantaCmsasthemosthorribleheeverreadot He sever, from hto statements, I should suppose, readthe correctslave lawoftheisland,a*allbewroteaboutit and tbe rebellion of tbe negroes to utterly false and absurd.1• " ^ " ^ ^ dtottsction of party. And yon haveand now do so to the mast flittering social by m e to istoharge faithfully- - - ^ ^ • l ^ l * a * h # deemed to bo right, and the wrong 1 hare seen him tosustainthehonorof the Governor a o d her resources, aud Whichcontain*the ^.iiu-'Jtor brow. I havewas— blame us ror taking the necessary precaution to protect The Board of Publls Works—Upon tto energy and virilanee our interest*. What could b e done ff our stove popula-toagroatdegreedependthefuturehonorandsuccessofthe tionweretorise'nmastt. Iaskoftbeabolitionistswhat Old Dominion. they would d o if they succeeded in turning loose ali the The Hon. Auxaxnmt R.' BOLLADAY, member of the negroe* of tbe South? Would New York take " a few"give utttranceto•sen the Lieut.a few humorous remarkp,after which hesaid—Someto- ff r**»*t of one of your pics have been touched upon in which I bare felt a greatAll men of observation sad unbiasaed Judgment knowoftheSenatehavebeenapam agios with the respect o fI have been intimately associated. •trfttcg'to1 thank yon. Would that Icould r'fsoisntnm appreciative toafoage.. I trough life the proud reflection* of thisJewelstodeckBoard,havingbeenloudlycalledupon,proceededtomake•£tbePP°rt ^ to i<u*M-»»»,ldBostonendPhiladelphiaof the•epartmentts ! * » • * _aoment. WonJd TodnJd fbelthat I hare ae*erred th* your laws, to protect your credit *~ to execute interest, but to regard to which 1 feel great hesitancy in prone to idleness; and if any one want* a sample of whatshall carry with"well thatJtsnatynln* oot o f every hundred negroes a r etnboto. Bat I s>U J,aspreanhng e n y j f tte St. I stooomfslHBWWWOmoresosno-«•• iiie;composedanSt)ofVhjiam «s*lssnoMdiaangmnhed faith, not theleas noceosarv noradmittingofdisplay. Ihavos•S^1^n,**°tovtingsaying anything. Tbto great respect for the Union fc athingIhavenotobservedforfifteenyeanpact,fpdIcannot observe itnow. Ibare thto to say,thaithegtoricu» Union that was built up by Washington perity. Such would bo the fate of the Southern State*. and his compatriots I am ready to offer upmysidingofficer,matotamingywuvdtsjatoy« «.j (or ttHir eonrteny and ambty, thai to any psouliar |f.patiently, impartially—no easy task*"~~~~tbe Southern States would beif thenegroes ware eman- cipated,lethimlookatthevariousWestmdiaislands andcomparetheirpresentmiserywiththeirformerproc-talentofmine.nw«wa«U*a««*>J>in•it.—Aad'hwrnsfiiswsnetosay,tintmyand.asthisfeswveoce«s«onproves,ga^n,.--...- -^*showntheworldanexampleoftruegreatness.Sink or swim, tbe "Union moat b e preserved, \ and_ M t u m g J g - o d r f r e m y • n e m i e * o u t ¥ i ti> The UnWwe will stay to and defend, but moments of exatowJent. "And w e car? en New York totcsyandditertnt•dv^tngo. B » ^ M | « s s t np S e n u o nfajtt.fo' n perfotmtof "0 » *' ".• .ramady for tbe swito which wo a n mffartngv ft aring-Davsv.formate. Averyto-*cisA»ia»w«y»*noc!friend*,maywenotrtsowiththe" contemplation of that Union of oovoroigawelfare and whose safnty hare occupied thet h e a f f e c t i o n s o f e v e r y p a t r i o t i n t h i s l a a d t - - - M a w WJ• for if necessary; but a perverted Union that trample* my righto, I am *fsin*t, and will bn agmtect. ( A P - -* 1don'tcarewho*tand«upforit. Iwittelli_..to 'M HtraU— Huio Iht N^minatwnhere and throughout the Stale about Edward Bates is allThe exctemont still continues in our county, and th e people ecem determine! to rid the community of all such mtn as D&Eiei Worth. In the last few day* there ba7ehave teen Seated for several more*. Jesse Wheeler, Thoe Turner and Jonathan Harris, all farmers of this county, have be^c bound over to appear at court to answer to th eO'er the land of the free and the home of the brave.with firmuecs and resolution or act not at all. always sound agreeably to me. To them noman cansay After Worth was convicted the slaves of this place gave wool over the eyes of Sherman, the black republican enjoy domestic institutions and rights equally secure1 tothe crisis as Virginians. Virginia is sacred soil—here isthe grave of Washington—Virginia, the whole of Virginia,is Washington's grave. Her sons are the the socs of thosewho warred through blood and sweat, to achieve our in-brilliant gaslight The tables, which consisted of four, dependence. They w.ll not, they cannot tarnish the fame —(Loud applause.)—Mr. President, if th.s Union to to of their ancestors; they will meet their fate like m?n, and be preserved—and I pray God that it m ay be—itthose ancestors have plause )transmittedt othem.(Laud a p -differ from another, and I, for one, will never mamum the existence o f this Union upon a n y terms that would make m y old mother Commonwealth less glorious than any of her sister States. (Applause.) N o, gentlemen, while I a m withdrawn from strife—tne etnfe o r politi- cal excitement, and have nothing to do with the legislation ol this great Commonwealth, as a citiaen pursuing the duties of my profession, and attempting to discharge m y duties to this Commonwealth,I have a sentiment, and that sentiment 1 never can suppress, and never will suppress. I never can consent, a s a descendant of those men who put their hand and seal to a constitution o f entire equality, that one jot or one tittle of it shall ever b e abandoned. Never, never. (Applause.) Now, there is one way to which this Union can be preserved. We never can and never should, in m y opinion, concede for a momentthat o u r institutions a r e anything else than e m i nent'y promotive t t t h e greatest i>o!U:cal prosperity; and until tne Northern people corce to understand distinct- lyandentirelythatwearetheirequals—theircoequalsnot only in political rights, b u t to moral rights, in the main- tenance of our institutions, and that they are coequallaws thereof, escaping into another shall to consequence of any law o r regulation therein, b e discharged from such service or labor, bnt shall be delivered up on chum of tne party to whom such service o r labor may b o due; opposi- tion to the act of Congress designed to carry into eft* c t this provision or th e constitution: opposition to the deci- sion or the Supreme Court o f the United Slates for the e x - ecution of the law and the constitution; opposition to t h e decisions of all Courts for carrying into effect tbe law and tbe oonstutitution to relation to African slavery.These are t h e principles o f s dominant geographical party, demonstrating b y tbe result or the r.>cent elections its power to control tbe political action of the Northern State*, and its ambitious aspirations to the control and do- minion o f tbe whole republic.up wiib free stHers,and the democracy is odious to tbepeople; so Biair wulrun well against all odd*. A san design and hostility of tbe black republican partv aga estoffset to tie loss of tbe Helper book, his present friend- the Union, the constitution, the people and the insuiutionsship and advocacy for Edward Bates is expected to w in of tbe South. They have chosen a leader welt wsJrthy over tbe support of that gentleman's triends. In brief, it their treasonable designs; one hoary with t h e crimen o r1 will give you a toast to Henry A . Wise. applause )(TremendousHenry A . Wise, late Governor o f Virginia—His fidelity a n d fearlessness in the discbarge et public duty prove him to b» equal to any emergency and worthy of any station.After this sentiment w as cheered, and the band had performed a patriotic air, there w a s a general call for Colonel Munford, Secretary o f the Commonwealth.Colonel MI'NFOXD said h e regretted exceedingly thatGovernor Wise was not there to respond for himself tothe sentiment to which utterance had just been given.Hesaidheknew that theGovernor wasfully equaltoany emergency, but peculiarly t o such a n emergency a sNor isthis unhappily the only manifestation ofth* deepcommon constitution w e have a right to maintain that line triotic sentiments and principles, and glowing and fervid of civilization which w e call the slavo labor civilization, inticnists—M. re of the Helper Gang A Lout—Jfeorura of Protection on the Part of Slave Ovmtn—Fueling cf Con- terxatitt Southerner*, <fc., <£c. Christmasisagreattimewithus;andournegroes,asand high language to express them—high toned and pa'words in which to clothe them. If Virginia shall ever re- quire the services of her sons, She will and no truer son, sowarmerheart,nobraverspirit;nomore chivalrouscontradistinction with their free labor emulation— that wherever the free segis of our constitution extends w e areentitledtostanduponthebasisofperfectequality,The late representative returned here last week fromWashington, and brings news from hi* republican friendsthat tbe nomination of Bates is secure, and there can b eno doubt that all outside profession* lean that way. Illi-nois is courted in th s arrangement, and hence the selec-tion of Chicago is regarded a s a favorable omen. ThegreatspeechwhichgaveBate*bisNorthwesternreputa-tionwasmadeafewyearsagoatarailroadcelebrationin Chicago, and he to regarded with gTeat veneration.Tbedistinguishedgentlemanhimselftoaboutasplainand earnest a matter of fact sort of person ss you couldwishtotee. Regularlyhecomes to town from hisresi-denceon theoutskirts oftbecityand goestohisdingylawoffice. Atdinner time Mr.Batesemergesfrom thtoplace and proceed* to a restaurant, unless meanwhile acase tn court has called him thither. I n court h e to equal-ly plain and unobstrusive. His last case was tbe hailed by their sympathising friend* in the North as Thornton trial for the murder of Joseph Charleos, heroes and martyrs in the holy cause of chanty an 1 p ti.more cordially Amen! Amen! But 1 couple them w .n another sentiment—a ,""»t-d banquet 'n honor o f the event, to which the Court ai il bar and many or our prominent citizens were invited. It was truly a mcgmficent affair,and t h e table would have done cred'i to a Fifth avenue palace. Toshow youthe frehng of the negroes, a slave belonging to Colonel E P . Jones, a large tobacco manufacturer of this place, re- marked that he could read his Bible as well as Worth, aidheprayedtotheI/rdtoletaliabolitionistsbehung,candidate for Speaker, h s s written several letters to thtociv, stating that Bates is the m an: and all these circtim-H.-.i.cts. added to th e recent developments h y yourWashington correspondence of the consultation "at theAstor House, w.th a view ui bring out a moderate m a n ,point to a strong movement in ravor of Bates. It maygather such strength that the parties behind the scenescannotcontrolit,but;.ipresentitisveryfarfromtbeintention of the republicans of Si. Louis to do aught for person held to service or labor to one State, under tn e,?the best and nis master next, worst and th e devil next.a n dbateda nabolitionistThe Scott a n d Houston ticketbefore it here, a n d tneir nomination tell iike a ray of light from a cloudy sky.The weather is intensely cold, and w e have enow about eight Inches deep.The merchants o'this State, with few exceptions, will buy th e usual amount of goods in New York this spring.GEORGIA.OCR COLfMBCS CORRB8PONDENCK. CoixMBce, Gs,, Jan. 6.1SC0.would takeeverythingtreachery and dissimulation; one red with the blood of murder and treason: one responsible in th e sight of G o d and man for th e mad fanaticism which baa led to murder, treason and rapine: one who says there to a higher l a w , whicb must override t h e constitution, and annihilate t h e institutions of the South; one who has said th e white la- boring man, whether native or foreign, is not ensfaved only because he cannot yetbe reduced to bondage: one who says there is an "irrepressible conflict between op- posing and enduring forces, and it means tbat t h e Untied Slatesmn*tandwul,soonerorlater,becomeentirelya. slaveholdingnationorentirelyafreetabornation.''mjit tbe enlightened theory and philosophy or tbe black re- publicanparty;acreedillustratingispracticalresultsin tbe bloody tragedy ot Harper* Ferry. Itwas this creed, and tbe mad prophets o f it* faith, that led to t h e invasion of Virginia byaband of robbers andmurderers,and when,inexpiationoftheircrimes,theyweredoomedtcpropose to you, gentlemen, a toast, which 1 trust w e shall of a separation from tbe .North.all drink standing. I will propose to you the health of We have had some of the Helper gang hanging around | and during the whole of it Mr. Bates merely took a few lanthrofiy. And the lawless scenes of Harrier's Ferrv, the only man in all these Union meetings at the North us under various pretences. Some have had "good notes, and cross-examined a few ofthe witnesses for the where themidnight clumbers of tbemother and the childth.s. N o man could respond for him as ho would haveresponded for himself. H e has high and noble thoughts w.th u s in tb e maintenance of theirs—that seder this Ckriitma* on the Plantations—A Spectacle for th* Aboli-IFalla pfot for Blair's advancement, if possible, into the chair oi th e Vice President, and if not, then into a sea. h i CongrtfB.In the first place be describes the mode of puntohmen rfrem the Union, but it m y righto centtauo although w e hate many fire eaters amount ns, w e hare inflicted upon s store exciting others to run away. InUntitled DocumentOUBNA8HV1LLKCOBKKSPONBKNCK.KasaviiAS,Tenn.,Jan.4,I860. IfJWtw» «•tkeimptnMng Critit-Umon Lavtng Mminfavor oftheWiseandHoustonTicketforthePre-Sale cftht McDonough Estate, etc.pensates in a manner for th e loss of tn e convention. It is They have loug indulged the hope that time, still deve-Tbat tbe Union of the States of thto confederacy and t h eholding repugnantaa n dmaintaining a n d hostilepoliticalt h e constitutionThat the General Assembly of this State, faithfulto the constitution and the Union, and ready to peril lifeand treasure in their defence, have long regarded with pan' .1 apprehension the progress of feelings and opinions amongst a portion of our Northern brethren, ahse un- friendly t o the constitution, the Union, and t h e rights a n dTliat white they are in the fall and undisturbed enjoy- mentofalltheadvantagesandblessingsarisingfromthe\ber b y t b e provisions o f that constitution.To prove these truths w e refer to tn e organiration of acreed ' -' " 'a n -a O ^ l a B i e n i a r j iVila ittaiandiair the very hitfb compliments ve»'« aeo e*erv b** ' "'»idenel ar1 i<ve*y b<i»-»n%m a n y o f g o o d j u d g m e n t , w h o l o o k b e y o n d t b e p r e s e n ti „„,,....ijPW*- ^^*' ^ *!of apeak of that Union, at the mention of wQ'ch a few short r<,B 0 iSouthern States, Florida hereby pledges herself to do her duty.Resnlved. That.-^TM- * **9.**Pel rrotn ita*the money cmas)g*rs make th e first movement of a more determined character•are wo —TM — •FultonNewYoThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetstave absconding, a s the island affords n o hiding place for tbem: besides, a master was oniv »iin»»a hi law tn13069www.fultonhistory.comto riv» effort tn !hl«u m r ^ l nyw.-,»-&rk 