"'said he would take the side of barbarism,and plave of systems settlinga Territorygreatthem on neuirbl The terrltor>-.—said meettog'W^EBUvu, Wednesday, Much 21, 18C0.[laughter,] because the French people would believe their steteno drawn.and with the togethertrain, native population filled to over-and it was perhaps;when a to take ing toe proposed Charter, and has presentedIOar Owa Oormpondeat.roast her alive'.What a contrast between the free *longing to toe farmers of toe State, and oac they wereflowing Hotchkles Hall, capable ofhis opinions. A great light shone uponff?^UJ_ J, i__»'"^^fp*^"^ VOL,IX—NO.2654.THE POLITICAL CONTEST. BehadmetinConceetleatsoine statemento of fact m«n—the wnite poor man—as we!l as the black. [Ap-Tsat ciapiMi a ooincncDT.•fTioB MM&—He BeTiem the •r Majar Wood.'ban Ibotbieaibing out of the neart ol that very Mil. [Api>lausc.]]. Bot Democracy said it was a bad bill, because tbaffae aenlera of the Territories would ex-diasa had sot towork o» aa toeeadlarrSepobtaB dattoiaK in Watertarr—they, "but let our negroes go to the Territories. We must have room in tiie Territories for our negroes,";peaiaace bare to the year I8S0»to«*diD tlM >pproae]>ii>« eleettoB. Pos-better thanof tea opposing party to get up meeUagsBarbadoa scarcely lecovers from one piece of ill-lack bcfora aaotoer overtakes her. Thto fresh diaaaWr willfrom drouilL As it to neitoer bleaed with nor springhewlsbed furtoer time to examine itTState*, put Penai^aM, IJiiiilrtni' having been severely beaten wifhi '•XI of votaa, I am of <ke opinion thatwho made it ?Had we come doyrn to have Faa.iAJ(-Mr. Mriiia expressed surprise at toeamtton, statingbe M, tmt <o far ai regaidi Oie actoalfeaaAipttm^ttM^ftlitias •Arad b7 T«nr N«w-Toik eIeetloiu.are;br noCMimia had asked tiie Coauaittee tothe bill. 'MMMay iillwtStkacnn, aad ezteaatre ooriuptlon could not be jMaHcad aadlaooTand in inehiaitll communities.havingCoirxLaa,avaUalil* Ime. The Tote to icattered tbraogli1^' ' 'towB«, wherecash voter togenerally"Iam or"Iamnot andleavewith certainWASSiBeroa presided In the Conven-report of the Coaunlttee of ntoe waa thenTbe bill to erect Highland Cocmty waa taken up here to dtotress on her«Nlaaai aad Mok «<iiljanat» for the battle ; ta Hfiiat bribaiy, I bam a«t heard It charged.B i(irules andritories."men wbo made the Constitution meant ? Tbe men who made tbe Ckmatitotlon had frequently and, in-Whea90,000, it must be regarded as very marvelous indeed*York.To divide the Sixth JodSdalDtotrietTo aaad the Chatar af tta JweaHe DditoraRlthe Slate, HanOaglaalde out UMiaallest town In the moat re- tbadBOOk, I have baan taprassed with the expres- rtai af aaadi nsasaniHim on both sidea. The ^peak- aaa tea* olfearStataa coafinlng themselves tona- ttaaal laraas, may aeeoont fw thto In a measure. TWaai'li^ alght at New-Britain Stunoti went the whole State Righto doctrine, and said he didnt be-refulailonsDid FiaHAaDo Woon know what thesepopulatioatlBeaadtaaathe taafiiade where all oartiadameMMifehmt^mMfOtiifthnnighoatwhileeoimtry, been recently proclaimed m the Senateof the United atatta ? I need Kaively tetl job that it istreasoB against the Federal eomoact. Tbat it i. a dec-laration asserting the tl£bt of the people of the doq-slsveholoisg States to cruab oai and deBtroy the soelal,the commercial an** the political interests of other Lord Mayor and his party into Uie Supreme Court of develop members of tbesonlederacy, wtii^h maintain within the tbe United States, la 1810, to see where their presentfar a Comiaetlcnt BepubUcan, wasn't it ? It waahaidly the John Browa, Helper, lasurrectlenist, dlHBlai ptetfetm fliat your ooe-eyed neighbor un-On the other the Bsnioeiacy are equally conserratlTe—Ifsay Colony, governed byaenton*i*am.dag ship Otmgmt.Wgt BaimtrUn^tPmrw.are T^^Sai »ail*ttteRlTer.LaPlaae.ipeeehlistened to by men with beads ?there were those wbo believed that theif tbey elected a President, would Immediately pro- ceed to manumit all the slaves. If this was to be thehad always*had a respect for the word Democracy. But as the word demagogue, from merely meaningConsiitntlon ? He sbould like the Lord of MayorNew-York to go into the Cabinet of Moitaoi, and find*'upto teach Connecticut, thank (}od, knew more thanonce more became 4 Frenchat the Koilh tdertikeatobaiancatlMSepabUoana. kapd.progreuto toe City Charter, and tlte agenda* at work to car-CaptKxuT,(tlie olddestCaptatataIkeIof the Lord down Mayor, bringingthe iiotise in roarsandownthat hto (Pauin's) jalfi 111 fhii Tliiiiiiii latlr camp were more fer thetlie truth. [Laughter.] None of these men were Lord Mayor of the Cily of New-York. [Renewed cheering and taughter.] If Joan Qdikct Asahs were to give bis answer now as to whether Congress liaeverybetogbut rataaBtkaKanmaqveetian.to pull down Yale College and return to a state ofbarbarism where people would not be so easily hum-bugged. [Laughter and applause.] Mr. Woonknewi>etter tiian to state what he did. He did notltnawbutthat he bad given too much attention to words. He p'ower in the Territories, Dr. Wood would say,It to aaM <rf one nkan at the erection of a camp, that •* ha drove aaall aad drank an-ale alternately, until h«!(anaUthathedidn'twant." OneoftheHart- iaalp^iuaUresponsiblefor thatjoke.at the North at theSlaves. TheywantedNorthernfreeUbordepressedsuggest that although it was better for the negro to be aMr. KiTcaAU favored toe of bat tolling railroads,not for tbe purpose of helping private railroadEchemea or squandertog money on large speculatloas. He opposed toe motion to recede.—toe ten years' prohtoltton only applying to ferry leases, witarves and piers. I.et tbe enormous proper-ty of the City be made subject to thto provision, and It will give toe Comptroller an unrestricted leasing power worto several millions of dollars to gladden toe hearts of hto friends withal.CoBgnaa waa recently memorialized by a number **and said * [Laughter and applause.] None of all ttito wouldCai^s and toe Lord Mayor of New-York, " Are you the sons of Japbet?" "Yes!" "Was Japhet a brotherof Hamr" "Yes." "Isthe a sonofTwo oftruce flagsofdUasasoftheState, torevisetheexistiag tariff, repUdng advalortm by specific duties, so far as prac-turned the white of its upeyeAye."Mr. SrxaoLA toe spoke agatostand a warmto toe French aad BrttlA Oo*- suto from MiaAHon had been refused eatrsace to Teraisi—tleablf accoidlagto the country,have it the Presidenthadbeen happenedYes.'and p^tracted debate followed,Mesara. Rakbax, Waxbxb and Bxu. advocated toepartment—this latter to be filled by lito brotlier Uxni, The steamer MmfuW prisoncn were braogld ba- Mr. Faossxa'B motion to recede from toe Senate's as he avows, who has recently failed and to now out fore toe Federal Courte here to-day.amendaento was lost—12 to 10. of business.The motion (or a Conference Committee was then Let toe Street Department be ta toe market tomor-:meetingNorwalk,at wlilehit the power ofruling the Territortes that they believed they had a right to exercise ? Cer- tainly they ioteaded to give Congress the samebyasmallmajority,andthatof the public treasury.pointed by Wood, and removable at pleasure under the new law, he will 0/ course vote as Wood bids him, acd toese two votes to concert will overrule toeSpeech SpeechtatoadwitoanyThe Unitedwithout athe faclll-Republicans.procpetlty. vtercst. The island at present ia raSsitog severely motioa to strike out toe bill waa lost by IS to 4T. The The clipper ship Betbat as w"Mb«taiidlaifta aadoabtad general eathnriaaimat BeatlagsHsTa hto aadience wetild de an; better than the Boath, had they the same temptation for holding alB««a. HedldntblametheSoothforboldingslaves> and ke waadeeidadty in faror of admitting any new SlaTaStato that akould make the necessary legal!yraUaalaaiy atqpa and aiiply for admlraloo. Queer Wanse.] What the Uuion treason against the— " Congress shall have the power to make all needfulbilto. Ataeog tliemelected for twenty >eais. When the Revolutionary stock of aaekjBadtmt* Incidental protection as may oe con- President* passed away with Joan Qowor Adahs, alataBt wMh the creation of a revenue adequate to all hordes of candidates for the office sprang up. Cai-[Laughter, And be would longprolonge•'d.] ask Caliblaborof ourowntoe Cruz. City Inspector's Department |and ttie Street De-osiiion, " Whichglves the moat to a happiness min,state ofbarbarism or a state ofdvilisationr' VoLTuaaIn the ear of a slave that he is a or would man, tbeyragtogtfaere,engineers on the BaUalaCft kaabMS ife^ently remarked in myheariog the most perfect, and he could show that bari>arlsm now was. Which of the two systems would taeyflii i Brig ^anlvad at ttawas better than that. [Laughter.] From the tone,Iaaid the learned and Lord profoundago,reportilpillipBMlli III nIll iKi Mill h 111 hnr at the eoncln-iMv'if thapnMBteunpslga.'kimoBejli lawlngln icut; he would like to take them to Ohio, and ha United States would notlet yon govern the Territo-temper aad lananage of the public Press of Connect- " don't Mayor,know that the Constitution of the would prove that if barbartom was not thera it was ries !" Happy man. In hto Ignorance and bis egotism!to draw away the attendance from theDuring thirty years of polloeal life be had formedno Wood, with all liis aa the of knowlecge, expounderthe Constitution ? Knowledge ia but the tool with which wisdom works. Be tiad seen many learned lools. Tliey could not make a giraffe out of a musk-!5**v?ffreportcreiy. The Consul, Mr. 9iaf, aafxhalt.''a preference forbe a serloBs check to herThe news from Antigua is devoid of general to-• >-,,audiences ot all opinions pieaeat, so as to have all alsstetemento of fact cor- rected. All a criminal at the bar would say, wasMourn hand. and MoQoaA easoed, wheu the•itber, gniltor,"the lawyers to do the talking. He could not under- stand how the people of Connecticut could allow tbemselvea to be lalsled and misrepresented. His at-speciiled exceptions,rivntet, a dronto to a serloiu calamity, not only totlie Blaster, but to all clasaes of toe iahabitanta, who Mesara. Rboak, ta favor, aad Euiwoan, R. STuur Kong, havtog made toe passage to lOdayi MM' £*fc-natiosal eqaal and intereats copartnerslilp rights eqaalta themselves. Facts fully justif; me la thto state-(doctrines would lie found. He dare thatsay MayorWoos would try and prove that Tnoiua Jimasov didn't believe what he wrote on the subject Sf Slav-on and vigorously,THE NEW CITY CHARTER.PR0OB188 OF IH« COAUTIOH OF THg BSFITB- meat bavtog refused to releaae the Bittabment." " The words— It to nunored to the West Indiesprove treason to the Constltutioai on the Republicanaof New- York wbo didn't know any better. It waaLICAB WJJtl FTILLKB8 WITH MATOS WOOD. From an Occaalenal Oorreapondent.aoUcUed upoa the reqnlslttoa of her Billlaalby three thousandtbey wouldn't carry it atlall. The Republican Lead- became a prize for unprincipled men. Mr. Calhoi:!?, sbould claim that the Compromise of ISjO .e&ve the en appear to l>e sanguine of victory by a small ma- in 1633, veered round against protection. There was territories the power of self-government. The factity ;;Thatwasour to the time the policy upjoiity. Theyhave,however,aaundoubtedlypopular thoughts[Laughter] Jackson was elected for his militaryLook at the action of Popular in Kansas Sovertigotywith the effect that thelarity of the Administration may have upon the voteof Mr, Slraous, I caimot form a decided opinion as to lhe!result. Enthusiasm and confidence are so uni- versal that it seems to me a feather would turn the balance. Both gubernatorial candidates have been tried,andgivensatisfactiontotheirfriends. Itseemswho was handy with a gun. [ Lauxhter andministration, could strike down by his voice toe willlicnsos. Lost.also the bills to provide for toe appototment of Deputy Gas-meter Inspectors, and to remove ob-delegatesoaacquBintedpresent unpopu-President-makers now began toapplause.]of the The effect of such people.pity to me that both cant be elecied thto time. I akould think the honor would have to be amazingly great to make up the deficiency of the Governor'sasalary atuB.from the miserable pittance of (1,100 peran-Delegates,who had been selected witogreatBat, adda from the offices of the State, it must beTeeoBected that the Legtolature to be elected has a should not ix) President Calhocit knewpassageCharter,of Senator Wiopall's bill for a raiboad andlinefromtoe RivertothePa- MississippiUaitadStatesSenatortochoose. Thisto thepretext for ealUng in the aid from other States, and the dls- enarinn of mainly natioaal questions. As Ton CoB- wia said last night, the people of all the States are equally affected by the character of the national re-taken up as toe special order.Mr. Jaquxs moved to strike out toe first section oftoe first bill, and asked for Information from toe Com- mittee as to what testimony, if any, toey had taken as to toe necessity for a road on the proposed route.cific.The Convention toen adjourned.Trial far lF»rg»TT'THX CASE or ISAAC P. BHIPABD.presentatives, ^d Ohio has, therefore, aBobtob, Thursday, March a. The trial of Isaac F. Bhkpabd, 00 the chnge of forgtog toe name of Sum F. Blazi a* Indonat oB a promisaory note, commenced ta tba Superior Cewttto evhiea her deep eoBcem in thto contest. It will be petealvsd by hto speech, however, that he is rather hsad OB the Ixird Mayor of New-Tork for a manifes-rightbut I will not;has alO/Nt, and about •3,500,000 worth of taxable property,of the think him an old Democracy. They mightfogy, and so he was, [laughter,] but thatwhenever the departed from the countryand all toe robbery, wrong and ruto which characterized toe Street Department under CuAtLrr Dxvlir will betatioa of something like the same spirit an'ieipaie.ples. DemociacT bad killed the United States Bank. Tbey thought there was no harm in feeding the littleIran 01aateia> CaaTatiaa. PmLASiLPEU, Thuraday, March XLmbank was of to a he ex-The City ofWaterburyofblack snalies—the small banks—those,could not coil around Ihe countiy their destructive folds. But in 1830 the small snakes and thereHahiisut presided, and the dedication address was made by Hon. Calib Ccshhig, of Massachuietto.Mr. CcsHiita dtocnased toe alleged doctrines of toe Republican Party, and endeavored to show that if car-City affairs, which toen ran riot, will be solemnly re- stored, under toe sanction and by toe action of a Re-partoteat, like ciUes of a larger grotrth'ried outtoeylor Ihe trouble they took to giving toe Pettigrews and Parleys free access to toe public till,five banks, thtce wicket clubs, one cricket club, a chess club,&nd nllBierons social organizations. There are 21 com- ma« aehools, vrith 1,800 pnpils, and an average at- > of too. At the Presidential electlan Fax.1184 m«i<»dty over Bccbuia>, and the lastabout 300 Republican At tte last State election, however, PxAn, Oaawentis caadUato, had a ravority of 23S. Thaai Igaiiia liiladi In tte dtotriet «omprlsiiig Netr- Harea aad MUdleaaz counties. The city went Dem- •entlcatfhe State electton by 114 m^ortty. It to Ideaaaatly sltaatad on the Hartford and FtohkUl road,conduce to toe interesto of toe City. The proposed us,^fottf.ploded. [Applause and laughter.] Democracy pre- tional Government, or to tie toe custodians of toe He also drew attention to toe loose manner io which best, most active, and most honest, we have ever had. Street-Commissioner S.mith has won civic laureto in ferred to see a white man -have nothing to do. God Constitution. The speech was marked by candor tbe franchtoe was granted, and declared toat toe life- the frauds of hto predecessor, (DxvLuv,) andFire.AGKICULTCBAL IKPLEHKKI UAHUTACtOMT.leleetadbyplacing of a certain fi.sh under his nose, so when athey power,against the courseof the who had notCommittee, New-York, that the present organization of the City ioth instant. Weatoer thiclu(aeturas. I believe It furnishes all the nearlycers are to be stricken bydo. So the tsmff of '42 was inaugurated, and the most significant meettog ever assembled in thto city. to be assigned and who are concealed l>ehtod these islatore in order to make Wood withdraw hto opposi-pins aad most of the books aad eyes tued in the Unitedcountry prospered. Well, the Republic under Mr.Galhoch set itself to work to prevent the abolition ofSlavery in Texas. That wasaccomplished by buyingthree Democratic Senators. In 1844, Mr. Van Bcasshaving retired, was a candidate again. But Polewas nominated, and Mr. Vax Bums—as Saul of Tar-sus meditated and was struck vrlth the truth so tliathe fell down on hto face and repented—the momentthat Saul of Kinderhook found he was not &ivored,he became s:i abolition candidate. Mr. Cai- Curttpondence 0/ tkt New- York Tina. Hcos was thus not the only man who changedDeath of a Uaiced State*llf»»«bat,Stotes.The aty was a)ive last not night, onlyto report progress on all toe bills was carried.with the torches, music and enthusiasm of ito own RepubU- eaaa, but with the loud acclaims of large nnmbersdas—I^asaea af Americana—Newa framCommittee from furtoer consideraUoa of toe bills,business. Hon. AiroaBW Smre. toe only Democratic memberfromtoeCityofNew-YorkontoeCommittee of CiUes and TiUages, has been most active in oppos-from a distance of not less than twelve mile*. Naagatnck and Union they came on a specialFromAntlauBandMardnlqne—RamaradRe- andtorefertoemtobereportedcomplete. vival of the French Claim ta Haytl.PhlladelpblaStackBaard.accommodating about twelve hundred persons. EveryIsland Railroad, 11!« Sight;Pennsylvania Rallraad, MSr'was filled, and staad-polntMr. Vak Buais. aU theseIrregularitiestteat and orderly as was thto •f Mr. CoawiH's ogaBmotprocure scats.andBvcTLUHiithadwtI:ten a letterinwhichhe said; sales, 6,500 bales middling, at market clostog weak, and wito hut littleinquiry. SsoABsteadyat6)jc.«7Scfbrfatrtaih Babia—Americaa Naral Teaaela—Stlacel- fair. MoLABSBS. 34c'a'3<c, Cob* firm. lA»,i—^|Mr. Coawia said:Pr^nnsylvania, inscribedPolx and Dallas and theMr. CoasLniathat as the intentions of toethe pastbut Wbisex dull, and decUnedHe weuM beue of toeir projerty.Highness toeqdot-Ifef; aalaa atliaavy.wlth a'dMilSkirpopulationnearlythey thought,and for toe succeedtog ten yearsias we see to thto year's tax-levy) toere will l>eA Convention of the Iron Minufactniere of Fean- sylvanta met thto momtog, toe object twtog to aeeoieburst,was retrace of the food wherewith they bad been Mayor, Aldeimen, Councllmen, Police and Fire Se- fed. Van Bcaia inherited the fruits of the bad (>olicyof which tl,286,143 to in dwelling houses. It has aA arUcii 1>-rarely have I teen an audience soin our could be traced to the demagogues of policyPresident makers. Pouc was elected on a belief that he » as a tetter friend of the tariff than Mr. Clat,to the I7lh Inst. previous a most terrible conflagrationOn toe destroyednear-r-.-r,-,^^ CITIZEN.pa- during the three hours speech, although fuU one quartervices from Barbadosnightty sUeets.__^_^^_ FROM KIO JANEIRIO.Harketa by TeleKrayb. Nbt-Obibass, Wednesday, March, 21.IMnmaaL Houtas, who was elected to tTodacadMr.Coawm, who, he sJd, would preach a amMB, taking Ibr his text the gospel of freedom Mr. CoMwa spoke in substance as followssmoa or Boa. thohas corwin.was theSouth. P01.K. Dallas and the tariff of '42 was the Among toe sufferers are some of toe oldest and most;preside, inracy in the NorthDemocracyif any reverendcould only fill hto puljiU to-night. iLaughter.i Only aeainft the larifl. he was looking right at his pledgesof Htoand as one hour had been already wasted to the be- Archduke MAxiaiuAa, of Austria. Hto Highness ar- lEUc. Pbovieiosswaabe found here in the attitude of one who presumtnous enough to advise them as to the.'"'.v ''!Whigsiriiiciples intact. Theof week, 16,000 bales. Ttiehappywere sosto wal of franchises worto miUions of dollars,without Mr. McQcADX's motion prevailed, and the remainingtoe arrival at thisin the discharge of hto duty was be here to counsel with them on the dnty they had to perform in the comingelectlen. Theywouldthinkitstrangethat be shouldabout two weeks from Madeira, vra tendency. Miss Poax, $17. VuBf. lt)(%Ibsargenllemaaii/tby, so that while Polk was gifing his reasons til ihi people ol 1'uiius.ylvaniatodo just the contrary.gentlemanevidently pureanddismterested, we liadpottRoyalof of performing annually. But they were to choose a Onlv th. Jl,"^ ''!"> '""^ always been. [Applause.]^bargehe to but 28 years of age,AdmiraI-to-Chief war, Govemor-to-Chlef of toe Austrio-ItaUanthe lowerUgtolatnre vfhlch had to Sena- elect a United StatesJi= .,. ,f„. '"^ ?"> "le llepublleans wanted to.fundticnlarly,dratosge of toe Cayuga marshes and improve the Sen- eca River was ordered to a third readtog.his State was as much interested la that7".'' ConnecUcut, for bis action wonU affect all mocracy kindled. Vvhat was the Homestead blU" ^«TM«8lon ever should be aceom-confederated brotherhood themselves, that interestFLOtmdeclined WauaiJfcAnd •2,^«^%^Sh'a?d''V,TM,«°i"'tout the fires that the De-yearsic.; aales 1,600 bbis.*^ 5^'.. pU^^thto ^^.y^^^"^^'House ? For himsSf he couldaahes. The lota will exceed 3,000,000. Among.^.*-!,',S*„'i,"/eSSln';?u" H!«.SS V^^^niit. ^'l,"^ f""'"=d " with the help ofWmUaMbato alL But, let themas leMaricB and heh£aIdi, bijuyt. we. hifa»vve».?,TM^<^><^oc^youiLaugnier and applauseTrheTaowBBiDens,Haven, Conn.,firm lost two of their vessetono ,felt, and the resultFLOUm qtuetheld at $5 76waapiobable,•'"''"<= •'<">'•much Whathappened? The Democracy were the .months backhim alltoeusualforrautoofdignity40 for^d.c!B.vduU;oae of tha of this hainViHStutloDSTrinidad,das. The famous Ice establtohment of Barbados,upwould be disastrona congratulate themselvoa thatand doing a very Urge bustoess. This01 Bocas, nearA majority report was made to favor of the blU toIng'ihe soutoem provtoctsThe writer was to hto company, days stoce,Howard-street:fiee nia ..aad ftae speech. Butvery <Mm abased, aad the tone of the presi and of 9M»h weoU to^to the eoBdltion of a commit?public terrltorrypoor men, who would Uve for a certain number ofofdnUatsSe.Cottok unchangedshouldbeThe bill to preserve wild game birds and fish was remains at Madeira, for toednlIat!MXc«a4cBAiOTfOBB. Thursday,guilty,"ta Committee of tlM Whole, and deb^ed at leacth 1^ voyage from LondbatrWK'AlaataaMvatoffondaiaaadooMadlyexpendedIntentionhadbeencalledtothespeechoftheLordhibitedfromhavingSlaverythere.Didthemenwhowater.Inconsequenceoftoedrouth,thacanecropAmotiontostrikeouttoeenaettagclauseoftoecaptatareportehavtog,whileneartheBI|Uaad County bill, waa loat aad the bilioideredtoaajtililnaiaalla of atoettoaaMayor of New-Tork, Faaauio Woos, at a recent made the new Constltutioa fall to put intomeeting the Lord :"Mow, my frirnds. what to this Issue? Upon what eoamon ground to it that the Republican Par>y of the Free Scales stand? What ts the inicrlptton upon that black Sag of sedition floating over the gathering plaeesof this fketian, aad which has, te Ihe ot the disgraceUito year will fall very far abort of the average ylakt.We have received Martinique p^iera of Uio IStotoit. The sugar crop toto year was expaetad tomnntog at a qieed of It knoto, ran upon and unknown shoal, which caused tbe ship to let ty. Strangetoany,aRanlaaecrtaltawUdi here a fewthe nnale, torehea, taaMoa, haad-qaaitan, adrertiieinenta, ezpenaas ofatMayor ased the foUovrIng languageFederal Compact" could refer only tothe Constitution, and the Lord Mayor wanted to ery. [Laughter.] Possibly Uere might oe a MayorWhat were the inssripiions on their tianner ?the Constitutien. Did they know what they meantsovereignty BaytL does, Cuba will have to look to her laureto. TheCon«iu atty** Acnncion."awakes") Liberty and Union. [Applause.] " The tory.preparationsareing to one of the transparencies of thewide- Such was the decision of the men wbo madesent of pre- poHey toe £m;dra to nnqnestlo&ably to'^^Territories for free men and not for slaves." [Ap-andenlargeitoCotonlas. NoooewhohasAUAKT,Wednesday,March21,1800. If any proof were wanted of that coalition vritotheir Imperial Blsjestlee, who are expected tfoattelStotost. The today tobeof defntbig Siwaxd and affecting the cou- te« ef 1^(0, thua )br aaything else.Oaa taatare of the campaign to the fbrmation ofBavahUca> eiabi aoKaig the young men of the State,"MtiT the naae of the Wide Awakes." They doBialiiii aerriee ia forming inrocetslons, organizing tha ttpbami at the meetings, and in various otherBoth organixatloos areaettn> aad make noise enough for the Intense dtogust and ino? Why, that Moses favored Slavery. Moseawas nopoly aggregated capital. Butnowthenegroti Aa atald popolaiiaa of the Nutmeg State. At was called capitel, and free, unrestricted ure of it was an AtxillUontot, because Mosesl killed an Egyp- HartM, the Bapotdleaos aad Democrato have each required nut only in the States where it was lawlul tian white man, because he found him ItlUing a siwilad "koge eampa." Theae are temporary frame to hold it, but also in all the Territories. Democracy Hebrew nigger. [Laughter.] Well, what aooutpanosethe faateat on record. Yoni* truly,"' ia honor of £z-Gov. Siimoui'b Uexlcaoof laughter at each point.]No, we were asked now to throw aside theThe Bemocney have, as a set-off, thea teacher of the had come to tw people,(In thU way Mr. Coavin brought up each memt>er of the Cabinet of Mcuiaoz, in contrast wirh the viewsof toe Committee onboto Woos and the Comptroller axe to be given absolute aad unlimited power to appmu as aunyNEWS BY TELEGBAPEAddltfani fraaa Heztoa.BSTAILS OF IH> KOTBIXna BSVOBCTIBAOHI.<a term of re- proach, 80 the woid Democrat had been misrepre- sented so as to become ol a different meaning. Thirty years ago, when he commenced CongressioDal life, the Bank question came up and the men of the SouthCitiea and Tillages, from toe araendmente subordauiUa as tkey fUate, and at sack soia-ail their power agalDst the Bank. The questioatlur Otmk fnper. The Comptroller tousedof universal cunency was of no consequence to them.Kiw-OauiiB,Wedaaaday,MankS. The Mexican maila of the 11th inat. am ta hni.in '31 was afraid ofbdlUlnii, put up gratuitously by the spontaneous that their woucladpinuolt. be he laid down after drtoktnR too much, and had a verycapitalSouth Carolina undertookbecause remarkable nautical adventure—and so Ham became she didThe scene of their constructionwaai asasay be imagined, lively, and the fun general. not like protection. Democracy then yearned for the a slave. [Roars of laughter.] What did the Bible^ -<tlabor of the party.secession'poor man, ard feared that he would not be allowedto purchase articles as cheap as he could. then But,they used the argument that factories would be builtsay ? He would rely 00 it, until be got some better revelation from Calsb Ccbbhis or the Lord Mayor of New-York. [Laughter.] He would to Calibwhichtoe Senate had spent many days.to lerioualy threatened by tlu Llberato, aad aih* 1 sistance.The two SpaniA men-of-war at Saerifela*Alabama and liis children to New-()rtoans ?" tta andeconomicalwantooftheGovem- noiawasoneofthecandlnatea inaugu- He would;lagttbaateBMat." From conversation with leading manufac- country. Calboc» favored the first protective terlff Stales Marshals that pursued toe fugitive to thetaian, I aai cooident thto to all they desire. I have in 18)8, and was a favorite in the West. Hto tariff^ Hr. Wbilplt has been rejected for the o&ea of.)yetftUcd tosee a rabid protectionist, although I have caused the conEumptlon of American cotton In Ame- rican factories. The tariff of "24 extended theare men now here who will give t20,000 each for toe was SopertotendenclesofBttreauxwherethesalaryto oDly $2,500 a year for tlixee years. The City Inspec-ChiefJustice. T.T.FaiuBOBUTsaaha*beeaaa*M-ooone in contact with those whose manufactures com- ap- plication of protection to iron, for previously pete directly with foreign prodocto. Ttie tariff, as a when we fought Great Britain we had toAs tbe bul>bling groan of tbe doomed pursuers rose up, the song of Miriam—tbe " Hail Columbia " of that day—wassaleofstampedbottlesusedtormineral ordered to a tliird readtog.patty-qneatloD, baa sot entered tite canvass—nor can go to Great Britain to get cannon to shootIt, howavar piedomiaaat national issues may be Great Rritein with. [Laughter and applause.] deemed. The wooltns bill of 1828 mcieased the home manu-The Committee of toe Whote took the bill to wito regard to toto, the amended Charter pro- IC^ P. M.—Mr. FBXuasHDTSxs ha* been lejautod.rated the policy of cherishing the industry of theASatia la Kew-Jeiaey> FAILCSK TO KLBCT A CKUF JXISBCM.tieen at toat sceae. [Laughter and applause.] He Aa regards the result of the election, I hare heard be independent in fact, as well as in name. Then would enforce all law, even toe Fugitive Slave law, paadictlau on all sides, because I have talked with came the question of improving our patrimony, and as toe majoilty ougbt to rute. It was better to obey all partlea. I have heard bets made that the Republi- the policy of Mr. Clat was earned out to promote in- a bad law than to have every man set up for Mm- teinal improvements. Mr. Caihodb, In recom- self. The doctrines of toe Republican Party werethe Government down to 18i4.upamend toe act to establtoh regulations for toe Port of poses that toe Mayor, Comptroller and City Inspector Upcaas would carry the State by four thousand major-1824, mended the expenditure of $400,000,000 on that policy.clause was stricken out.Tne bill to alter toe map of the Cily of New-Yorkabove One Hundred andTwenty-fifib-street was then taken up.cleaning, without reference to lower bidders, public gency. Boto Houses are to sesaioa.contracts, or any other safeguard for toe protectionone vote of the Comptroller, whose honesty might otherwtoe be some security.On behalf of thepears to be the clilef engtoeer—Brother Bsx Wood betog here to represent toe Mayor, and vrito lawyer" " MiBwiv Bbswix, toe old standing Referee whenBuBTXU vras Corporation Counsel, to act as mediator between toese two. Johv A. Kxnhxdt is also here, and presided at a meeting of representative Republicansfacture of clot *!.The American then was to feelingto tikis hour no Cliief Justice ha* beea aoafaaaad. ave power to give out toe contract for street- A bill to DOW under disciustoa, to meet the eoafln-(point-Greatby the tostrument? Waa Jeea MAXsaAix and the Union ? [Latighter.] Could the man have been Supreme Ckrurt in 1810 ignorant of the scope of theholiday, everywherecould not l>e that all the possibleFrenchUwb,byFrenchenterprise.to Republicans came from villains and scoundrels. Notwilhstendtng all the protestetloaa to tlie contrary,the answer to the question.prohibit Slavery In the Territories." Javis MtiNsoz, a slaveholder, a Tirginlan, said Congress did possess the power. Dr. FxaitAivDO Wood, who came here'Republicans,haaidklBpakllcly deDounceMr. Bdchidui'b course ease with which men were gulled, it would be well the founders ot the Constitutioo, and could revealarrived a few Mnee hmt RtoaSaJ. day* BalUmoce, M^^alb', i, O. Pamala aa aathorixed mouth-piece; forIryingtldameasuretosueceaa. Tlieoriginalamend- beanttftilpasaegeofonlySidays.the ensuing crop pr[No, no.] opposition ftheand stimutated FROMAi3ANY.Woos waa eleetad laat December,greateat TbeTet itwlilch FnaaiBOit is abnzdaatiy lapplled hen to-day by toe charac- ter of toe legtolatton now ta wito referenceteach- ings of the Constitution, to 'trample on iu precepts, and bow doivn to the dictates of toe demagogues. exceedingly The Democratic Party of that day was against mo- [Applause.] What did they hear from Cai.ss Cosh-Cha-Presidencyat tiie bottom of his the White House. was, tbe power of Congress was explicitly declared.Mr. McLios MuEPHT moved to tociude Jajcxs Gob- BON BB5nxrr, Jr., as one of the Commissioners. Lost. man to contend against la ExGov. Siiuodr. But, ability, and then there was a general fancy for a man —the Governor by his veto, toe creature of the Ad Mr. SpiaoLA moved to tosert toe name of FbidibiceAs the should be the habit of the people now to gig tiiese President-Popular Sovereigntybill was then ordered to a thirdThe bill relative to the sale of lands of non-resi-A. Oaeit Hau.Government avowed the act. Maitih Vak Bi^bxii knew the Cabinet secret, and that Caleoch went against Jaoxson, and when he became Secretary of SMe to Jacxsok, somehow the secret lealied out that Ciiaons had voted against Jaouom in the Cabinet ofMoinoi. Jacssok then, in spite of the compact, ewore ttiat CalboohASSEMBLY.Albast, Thursday, March 22.—from toe various Wards of your Cityhavtag held a session at Cimgress Hall yesterday.sioners were represented, Tbey unaohnoo^ aadSecession was atdown by compromise, and the ad vo/orem tariff wasNo person replying, Mr. CoKELiae offered as a sub- stitote the Senate bill, autoorizing toe Comptroller toLet this Charter to ito passpresent shape,[Applause.]length amicably put toe Presidential campaign. The vast aadiencePoll was the beat tariff man. All Ibis time Democ-After an toeffectual effort to substitute the SenateCOTiOH dullallyciy. When the repeal of that tariff came before the Senate. Ihe vote was a Ue. Gen. Camebo.v was then a protective man, and knew what a tariff man Polkwas; had collected the handbillsbill, Mc(^t;ASX can for toe previous question.'t:i>iif ol '42." Cauxeoh had theae handbills in theThe prmcipal eventofmonth has beenHis reason was, that thequieton New-Y'ork for gold, H&Hof the party had I hanged. .Mil h was the variation 01 the Democraticbetter order the bills to tiereported completelariy; whlii- tiie"'•''goingbills were ordered to be*of a duty that they hadheen in the habit ^lavery were now just what the scntimentareported complete.-Int rlnsis at He.next day Mr. Habxis came in with hiscould feel as TM..P?iJ°^L'?^T?.'n ""^Tariff biU, forwltota a one drifted ashore to thetoe aad RobokenRailroad,a fewaalea. W**' wiai irm at »i'iS" J2r2\^ white," possible. athoauhanaaonthebmksoftheOhio itwas the againstcouple and Ihe otoer was wrecked on too Bermu-tocorporateWilliamsburgof1»•! 7ec.®T2c.,RepLlliiun on the I'arty^'h' called ',3,n .hi n„' '-^^'- Democracy alwaysRepublicans for Homestead bill, which was aim- countJ^Jo hiTM" ply to give a portion of the to thefor acceptance,to also lating to toe State Agricultural College. The bUl white,ieilow, Prime, «lB;Kump, •14. reoPfti^ $187they werewito a Panama hat, and wa* veryexpostog himself on hon^iaek, Ih the noonday fan.SAvAiraAH, Wednesday. March 21.andwas tha ulstoaiacy of the Bepublicans for the whitewhich Mr. of Cottoh,Boston,wasimprudentlyyears on the public territorycultivate it. Suchproprietor,sale* to-day, 900 bale*." appear. snakes, itThedente for taxes was put forward to be reported com-Comptroller,ap-"makers. Well, they made a bargain to have Jackso5 govern them. The Republicans presented to the peo-readtog.Western people used togigover thepower peopleit, andlaid The his hands on Jacssoh as hU mortal In his ca-DemocracyCongress telegraphprin-ciples of its founders, difficulty and confusion togtotcresto,and toecompleteanniiiilation ol our do-franctdse afor limitedfollowed, was his belief. [Applause.] Well, mestic peace. He argued toat toe Republicans,and tbe Machine Republicans, and will entail on the City. toe and Republican Party a responsibility not easily to beDemocracy didn't like nabobs, or any capital,unless it consisted of human nature in black flesh and by toe passage of personal liberty bills to Statesof the in campaigntoe full val- The chances of loss by fire are small. Except for purposes of light, fire is not re- quired, and to not used to dweliing-faouses or stores.rdBCiKKATi,Slgbt, It, Thimdaf,policyremained firm and main-doctrinestoat when a fire dou commence, it will not stop wito any one or two houses. There are few facilities for ex-tinguishing it, and, at this season of toe year, parsubjectcltoe on toe,umbrella. But _:prayed'eaaa oTioyali^. mlafoctBaea. It is supposed that tbe fire was the toe but made It a second for the m"u*c^hV^':«nd generally beHevat, ia< ««tyj.>II:Iielude " Keep the white man away," say Slavery.todode the loss of ice among toeir Mr. Pauod explatoed that ttte bUl did not releaae mortgage, mortgageIt tohoped for, that as fldseptdemie sate lla^Itbe fteLeoomirtomtes who said to the reitular Democra- property destroyed was toe establfshment of theels Whisbi yeUow at 7«e.«73c. PaoviBiosa steady.didn't we supposean American firm belongtog to New- referred to lie reported complete.tU toe return of the Prince, who contemplatesplauae.] Hethat God would, as he h<d hitb- his own persocahty. [Laugbtcr.] Be could erto che'isheo us, not allow any heart to animate asbesetupanlce-hoaae whOa the Are wasaaotoer part of the town Stale eould not afford to be ao llbaral to the pretest still ragtag, andthe Barba- conditionofItsfinances.makes exceptions to toe «y,wehaveasyetbadaoeasesofycDaw*MrInrat. [Laughter.] the Tertltories,The men of 1787 ordained that allStrpnt, Capt WamaaA; agreedto. longtagto Messrs.Garaaaix,Mmraa*Ce.,>it'fiishould be free.tion, whore authority waa unquestioned. Five States of the Nortbweitem Territory were exi>res*ly pro-bava to depend entirely upon rain for their aapply of and Mnuxaa, ta opposltioa. don to thto port, which to the fastest on ree- '-^power over tlie Terrttoiles, tor they pot in a clausereach tlie enormous figure of: In retetenee to toein toeof New-day* after, on her wa^ to reporte havinf toaAed athe policyCo theNORFOLK IN FATOB OF EZ-GOVKUtOB WIBS.NoEFOLK, Va., Thursday, March 22. The Seventh Congressional District Convention to-day elected Mtbbs W. Fishib and Gio. Bona a* to Charleston, and Z. J. Bbal* aad Gen. TALiAnKBOasalternates. TheiConventionexpreaaeda unanimous preference for Hbhbt A. Wis* for tbe Presidency, and passed strong resolutions againstfor the of the Ter- governmeat-^ ^^declared that nad deed, u&iveraally Congresaquietlyimostentatiaasly ustogpower over tbe Territories. He would like to bring thetoe resources of toe Frenchcies to toese seas. Immigration from China toentatka* ahall be "^ ataea made te Ma.The new* fre» the RtaarLa - PleMalaaatWIftoand toe rumor to believed by ntany-fliat Napouon will soon decided to 1810 that whatever a State Government revive hto claim to toe of If ikecould do for a State, Congress could do for a Terri-Who to this Yankee ?ton? Oh Ihe couldn't have known much." [Laughter.]THK MJlKM.In 1660 it was afraid Noah ? There was no Maine liquor law in force, sototerceptplease, and vrlto no restriction as to toe term of lease An toterceptcd letter to Mnaaov say*properly protected.eipcnte of ihe value of negroslave, it was not better for the white man. He would askupfor the benefit of Southern slave labor, and Democracyseen for several for MiBAiioir.nighto takingwar materiato1Cuir bad[Laugh- ter.] remind them that tbe army of Unitedtwme away on toe wind. He should have been glad CoDhocton County. est hands ; and as if to throw off all restratot night.if tbe Lord Mayor and Calzb Cusbuis could haveHam ?""" negrot^hen the negro is your cous n."In return for tills.Wood is to get absolute control ofand the Lord Mayor, Do you tMnk it is treating your cousto like a gentleman by sending hto wile to'promised land were swallowed up in the Red Sea, and toat the Fugitive Slave bill was repealed- [Tre- mendous applaufe ] There were arguments to lie found tn tbe Bible for both sides.adopted.The bill pasted by toe Assembly, relative to thewater,row-4ts chief officer betog Exxbt Wood—and toereofHow strange that he (Docolas) and his frienisThe City Inspector betog ap-Delef^ateawas to give tbe President fullof the Territories—ilirough his minions appointed toand Calhoc!) in 1833. That was ple toe macadamised road of seventy years of theand Caihoch inthe bargain. Jacssoit in the Seminole War bad hung Government, and while he lived ids Indorsementplete162H,two Englishmen for furnisliing powder to the In- dians, and a ciUBculty arose because he bad takenwould t>e given to toose prtoclples.DEMOCRATIC MASS MEETING IN H.IRT-FORD,SFKXCH Oy HON. CALEB CimHIHG. •paelal Stopatoh to tha Xew-Tork Tlmaa.HAATroan, Thursday, March 22.ofHartforddedicatedtheirnew camp, to lie called "National Hall," by a most enthu--,structions to toe Harlem River. mAdjourned.would result in toe subversion of toe Union, toe tojury of our commercial and manufactur-Has to Congress powerWas he ever Mayor of Bos-«motion,tempted.^^-ihitff^tsnNEW-YORK,FRIDAY,MARCH23. I860.daaated by mtofortoae. Witt true Yankee energy given to the State for moaey loaaed. Be thoofht the without anwith regard tc himself, that made him somewhat sur-prised &scarcely attiibnte the manners of the Press InjhtoState as resulting from the best mental and moral ed-ncatlon. Tho«e learned mea, the encyclopedlsto ofFrance, like VoLUiai and RoussaAU, conceivedthoughts that would live wtiile mankind could think*and ihe French thought when ih«y produced ttamthe acme of perfection waa attained. But, wbea Tliey wanted two thousand acres inatead of a quar- sulate aad bustoess establtohment of Mr. Towraa Mr. Tas AuTm stated toat the aeenrity of the ToLTAisi found himself In the Bastile, and was aaked i*which (ice of the question he would take ol the prop-eertatoty.StatesCon-•30,000on thefirst mortgage to finishtikeit toaboutto teave us totoela ,^but thtohas not been aaoer-a laaa of baUdiags. scdee,'ter section aad tbey wanted Connecticut feinale luckily escaped. I have not heard of any other State would be even better after thto tSO.OOO were ex- Accounto from Bahia, however, r^rort^ tosw w ;''but tet that teacher take care not to teachers, whtoperAmericans above.- " There were no eaaeaef a^aaThe questiruibefore theof ConaectlcutIndies, has been imfortunate to soma re- stogolarlyspecta. AlMut tea or twelve yearsMr. Cooraa's motion waa wlto-Tbe United State*choosei But,of wasoftbeCommittee of nine toe bill to autoorize the saleyonthey. [Laughter,] It bad been the habit Did be know more about the Cooatitutioo than thosebefcre toat dissster, tlie whole island waa by the State to toe City of New-York of lasds ta andpeopleitohadUtter port on tha 2U of JannaTi nd iratlaleaiaagato tar Rto, «a Bahia, ia abeat tfari* wvAk TbaThree of the City Bailroad billsavenue bUl, toe Tento- avenue and Forty-second streetbill,andtoeAvenueDandEastBroadwaybill—were holdtogtoemseivesatlibertytoopposecertatosec-enemy.pacity of Vice-President he declared that the use of any money for Internal improvements would be trea-estabUtbed. HAxuses had been elected. Vaic Bt>- crowded toe building to Ito fullest capacity, and yet«»B had become a Northern man of Southern princi- hundreds were unable to obtain aceesa. Hon. Wa, J. dispose of toe lease of toe roads at public auction to brought back to us. The principle of pore toeft in to-day.son. Such was his [Laughter.]meettog,eventog.buildtogcoversRepublican Partyof1633, when he united the South in the belief that eveiy cent, of duty on imports was a tax of negro in raising cotton. Let the South have equal and exact justice, even at the bands of the Republican Party.changeopinioninlimited vritoout check or restratot, on such a power,man as FBasAimo Wood, over more than five millions annually of our City taxaUoiuthtoThefrom toe odium of un- conferrtogsiastic10,000 tqtiare feet, and to constructed of rough planks. It to lighted wito gas, and, altoough erected mainly for toe present contest, will probably be used durtogthe Seventh-robbtop man,By a vessel just arrived, we are in receipt of ad- eto. If the Legistoture designs robotog toe City, It toe somewhat famous Haebt ABCtiLABics. City Eachange on New-York at par.But agatost this,toere is toeftto ruins,St. Jobs, Antigua, Monday, Feb. 20, 18S0.better,Urn by tbe throat and strip iilm than to pick hto pock-bad better do it to tins bold, jaunty manner. He de- nounced the action as more indecent toan the late course of toe Senate on similar bills.ity report agatost it.ly toe whole commercial portion of Bridgetownof of the The fire was still burntog when toe vessel left. toe motion of Mr. was carried under a Ylail af tbe Arebdake BlaulmlllaB—Ferer at 10Hc®llc.;tofluentlal Westthese tolands do not generally tosure toMr.of City Railroad bilto to toe next Committee Whole.batch of the;ntoe,Mr. Coopza moved to strike out of the bill all re- appertainingon weiehUIndia mercbanto.toMcQuADXIt isestimate the loss wito any accuracy, for people iotoeup remaininggreat prob.i'jilltyavoids honor. Theeent. pnitkam, —Wednaaday.Han*SLMr. C0TI05, however, to not a man to beptofotei to release toem from a mortgage of (40,000Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069;impossibleUntitled Documenttoto Committee.every-Cbaklbbtoh,CoTTos-—sales, to-day, 5,7W balaa ; aales of tltemoved to takelaaeans Intelllcenee.tut- York Tiaia: CoTT—fmdenct tflkt NRio sa Jauzibio, Thursday, Feb. 9, 1880.reto, lOJ.c. Whibkt, 21c.'a22Kc FanoBjai iton to Liverpool, I8'32d. ExcHAioa oa'suggestedFLOrn changed.dull andheavy,Tbe bill to money to complete tbe appropriateofPro- ceipteoftoeweek,6y(«0h3aBrtoe trade-wtods blow steadily and withcocsiderable violence. From toe description givento me of toe calamity, I infer that at least one-halfof Bridgetown—a city of 30,000 tahabitants—to to snd nays, was made toe special order for Monday daughter of toe Ktog of toe Belgians, wbo to also at $S VS.grade*. MiddUaafetr 1"1'Ke*.°ai^l"?^ic.vtaces. He married, some eventog. first cousto of QueenSuperhne *>«'The Personal Liberty bill, under toe call for ayestwobenefit of her bealto, un-Theof toeSelect Committeemade to toe mounOJns of Tijaca, affable, and void ofextremelyreport yesterday, comingpurpose of enabling toe Collage to makeItavtog suffered except toe two mentianedBarbados,themostproaperonsofalltheBrittobWest dediottsof cherifbing.and hehopedtherewouldbe at Pemambuco.oae-half Bridgetown destroyed by fire, and as manypended, than now. Thto to the iasUtatian fee- onlytwo havtog died fitnn It.delay on tee bill.Mr. Conxuiis moved to strike outfiroo toeyears around that Tbe bill bark Ttrgnim, which laOed froa '<Ul pciflhr-** desolated by Ue most fearful hurricane on record, »nd City. involved large toterettt. United had Uto200,000 hogsheada. it to considered that tlito crop, txsldes cacao, cotton and coffee, to produced with a ofUnirerdtyCityThe to EmperorSeetety by exteadtag tta iioweraew tbe Stale.To toeorporata the Sontirwesten Mining aad LaadCompany.To tocorporate tha New-York Down Town Club. Adjourned.0w AdBisalSaaaawUiaedoaMdoao «landall tha means to hto power to foster Um Industry aadGovemnMnt should eend avaaidependen- gotog preparations have been made to Import laborers on a grander scale than any yet at-r•making for the na^tmtCatrenglbenever vlsiied Haytl todependent, woold hesitate totoat it would be a great day for the ialand when it toe machine branch of the Republican Party, by ohuatvteablelelnuminattonsasrdeAcreeiwvoeidka. nelt II—nounced toe course of toe majority of toe Assembly, toe bill. He to also by an adroit wording of toemotion to recede,,eralaad a vastsua of lamai to la b 'ThePKOCEEDISeS OF THE lEfllSlATnilE.SENATE.Albajtt, Thunday, March 22. The Bailroad Toll bill waa received from theAssembly.Mr. Paossra moved to recedemade by toe Senate and non-concurred to by the As- sembly.This BoUon was oppdked by Meatrs. HAaaoHS,Sxssioai, Lapbam, Fib>o and Gxast. The latter de- moval being absolute from toe date of toe pasaage of JuAXxi would place the f»*i»w«te and ITa** tf HaCit;Reported.Hau, and which were de- signed to contolldato all toe civU power aad patrtm-ent shape, and that ta which they axe likely to pass, beteg a talr divtoion of booty wito Woos.By toe latest amendmento, as reported through a; one,Raili^ad Billg Ordered to bemcatt drawn A. Oazit bytakaa iMrttj bww nwiofbeen variously modified and reamended,—their pres-agetoe City to tlie hands of tbe CeaptroUer, havemajorityriu atto have added to hto Dqiartmeat ttw CrotonBoard and several Bureauxfrom the Street Depart- ment—his power over toese of appointment and re-Com. JiBvis, it. appear*, firat pia|iM*d ttil tf.-diapocal, he wouldcurred to amendmento over toe consideration of wbomsoever he sees fit, at such rente as he may course unless farced to do otiierwlae.Maanf*who had wltoout debate or examination non-con- measure—to have liberty to lease public property to he subsequenUy determined on a strictlybtfnaled for toe same. He willMr. Hamhobd reported favorably toe bill to eret^ tor's Department to also an immense mtae ta dtohon- firmed. The Legistoture will adjourn *ta« dis to-New-York. On motion of Mr, Spisola toe enacttog thail IThecare and approved by Mr. Buwxa, finally agreed toentousiastic^y paaaedrecommend toe " generallyof thetions." Thtolatterprevisionamonntotojustabouta pottle of hay, and to wsakiy designed to relieve toetoe highest bidder. He had totended to give hto rea-sons at lengto against tbe proposed bill, but toe pre-monition of toe predetermtoaUon of toe House ontoe question rendered it useless. He explained the items of $2S,000 and $30,000 a year, to make " addi-"provleions o[ the substttote, showtog how it would tional compensation to such men as Chablit Dxv- Committee on resolutions wasappointed,cludes toree delegates to toe Ciiicago Convention.NsB-Arrlral af tbe Cauada. Halifax, Thursday, March 22—9 P. M.There are as yet no of the steamsiiip CoJt- signsbill gave away a perpetoalwhile toe substitute leased thenumtier of >ear8, at a yearly rental to be paid to toe for ito passage. It proves toe coalition between Woodblood. As the devil euuld ndt be killed but vyitb the where exercised had demonstrated toat Mr. Jaqcss supported substitute, argued met. It has been confessed by all the journals of ada, now due at tois port wito Liverpool data* of toetoey were unfit to have toe aduunlstratlon of the Na-spoken Democrat, forsootn, given opportunityto toe parties toterested to be beard. Inspectors and Street Departments i6,,on the whole.thehad made the wrath of these demagogues to pratoe expostogHim. The sUdlnr tariff would not pay the Govern- and close reasontog and stlrrtog appeals to toe pa- blood of toe biU was to toe clause empowering the restorug the Department to all its branches to a basisment expense*. Direct taxes could not be imposed,because the people would ask. What would you dotrloUsmof toepeople.It was received witogreatof The same may be said of Dslbvah's actionw^ At-; aadcelebratedfortheextentandvarietyofitomenu-withthemoney?SuchadelicateInquirywouldnotapplauseandentouslasm.ItwasthelargestandtlietoterestaoftoepartiestowhomttiefranchisesaretotoeCityInspector'sofdfiocwenandtoyeetthesetwoTBB WEST INDIBS.Dcatraetlea by Fire af BrIdgetavrD, Barba- In toe House Mr. McQdadb moved to dtocharge theWeil, so goes the game of political coalition for tbe present ; but toe of New-York will to due time have anfranchisefor notliing,Tbe Democrato will vote to a solid body against this measure, but to a party potot of view are not sorrypnlflean Legtolature;,Yallow SpBraas, Oiiio, Thursday, March S. nomtoal associates to assign. Tills was tlie secret of ot economical expenditure and faitofui pertormance The large agricultural-implement manu£icttuinctoe bill's power. The parties named only representedRepublican Leg- names. He agato asked for Information from toe tion to a measure giving tocreased patronage andfriends of toe bill, but no one replied, and a motion power to toe Republican ComptrollerIMr. Jaquis said he had anticipated tois motiona minor- The only Democratic Repre- sentative here not opposed to toe amended Charter isonceloBpector, and celebrated to your columns for hii dirThuraday,duty. offi-establishment of Messrs. Daub, Ewias A Co., itroyedbyfirelastnight. Tbelosstoabont)l»,mLi -t'-i {.*»^ST* tl<^l-.».!' T-S Tie SHT I TJt.-of toeA somewhat personal debate between Messrs. SnxsMAS, of toe De^tet, had taloa the lUi^tt.a thirdTha Ortadtag Coaimittaa lapocted another bateh ofreadtog.Matter* stUlPBOPOBH) CEAKOKS tW THg CTTT SOTXBKlRm— tween Paraguay and England, the fonaar 6a*u>-RcsHvuLB,Ind., MaiAB. Thnndsy,Hon. John L. BoBivsoir, United State* Xaiahalpeoploef expresstag tkeir opinion of the whole of Indiana, died at 6 o'clock tost evening. ovportunltyrivedBahta and the Ambrollos, to toe corvette EUzabeth., BtmiiMWQmuitM;Re- PaniMuau, Thuraday, March 22.stoce,aad unchanged, demand tair.Hetotraveltog stricUy mcogmto, andthtog to the way of disptay or publicArckdake Maxhuuaii is brother of FaASCis Josxfb. Anstrtatoe Austrian navy, and was, prior to the tote Italiantoreattog.look Tory coarHMMt'to.-''*Squatter Sovereignty."Rallraad CeaTeatlaB* LomsviLLi, Thursday, ManA 3LAt the Bailroad Convention 26 OaoBais- to-day,PRICETWOCENTS. !9?KPCoSse atUi highabtmdantLaat year It rained bom Septeotoer natU May. Summer we have as yet had no rata at alLsteam pecket Oneida made her laat reyaa* in ar dan. 'atoe early copitruction of a railroad bridge orerfliaresototion neomnamBwf fallEof toe Ohio, and tavoking toe early appniral byan advance on toe rates of duties on foreign inn,March it. Reading Railroad »M; Morris Canal SI<K; LaagPbuadilpeia,Stocks dull. Pennsylvania State Fivea, 93} ;: iSSH do.on New-York, atstoce, toeViotobia. The Archduchess white, »1 9(®«1 MH. C^'dull: iai« S.OM bush-vlslt- of toe river La Platte._, Mianr-cfhc 522.and foundto royalty. He wa* dressed to »lain6te.^; ^"^""JWa^ilBXlTdull andde- tiigher grade*, and He.«Ke. deeliae ondaeUnteg;red, »l*t-1probablyaot bacon-Charlesten CaareMlaB*e^edHlaa, 1<' www.fultonhistory.coma^iiasaeia 