 ••'FAMINE. eeet of Illinois. Thaddeus Hyatt, .of New-York city, muss,''and they were very soon in( possession of the'•t •'Siffioult to determine, what he called the elevtim re-V*-:" R is truly alarming as to crops; there- are none—<perity, by the culture- of their fields—to which the Government. Since the return of'our Minister Pleni- hence, they agree to a reduction ONLY on. freights that they were from time to time announced from the stage. tremists.-.«..', fie-ART. Ill-•mr*l»hie;|| To^ givera/stiU greater impetus to agriculture, if- ^people at home in Kansasrtbat neither pneof^us on railroad transportation agreed h p ^ h y this General Jight*<ext»guiHbed. Tbe order having been tf-jftW'O".i^Bk».I. ltrpcblic of Hayti.%1SHORA'ftON TO HAYTLexposition of. the. HATtTKALiyL\TTON—PROGRESS OF THE BjftP T1A2» REFTRLIC—-CIRCULAR TO THE COLORED RACES OF AMERICA.Thoamelioratqoswhichwerethenannouncedhave lice,whichisnowonagoodfootiogthroughoutth< throughout thebeen for the most part accomplished, or are in the way whole Republic.. Iti s true, indeed, that it still showsof being; and the Government, which neglects noth- that it is of recent origin r but the Government, whioh " settlement."Wedenotthinkitnecessarytomakealaboredor lengthy appeal to the citizens of the States for contribu-CIKCULAR13^AcBlack*, Men of Color, <**& &diaas in the placeinitshandstoeff-ct.ageneralreorg%<izationAt this point, Lieut. McHenry of the Pol!** fc«-t_ can contribute money to buy hags, and defray neces- ranted attack, arrived with two o T t E r e e ^ l i ^ ^ ;LlbeJiy.J^tw on tltr Emigration! into the Country of persons ence over all che open ports.of the African mid Indian racen.F AHBX GtfTRAKD, President of Hayti,By the advice of the Council of the Secretaries ofis that every year an average crop of* 40 bushels to the reprehensible errand. The police by this time doubt- acre of corn has, been raised till this season- We have less know the names of the most conspicuous as partic-Equality. ;ard soon be again ameliorated . By demanding from tbe officers of. the Public Prosecutor weekly reports of the p?o#rees of the civil tribunals, the Governmentmen who have lived in Kausas from ten to thirty years Democratic Jackson Association of this city upon theirconfidence in the Government, and by the system of. State and the Legislative Bodies after having con- eccnou y which the Supreme Executive b.*8 begun, and sidered and declared the urgency of it, in which it will persevere, the emission of paperGen. Whistler of Coiley Uounty, 15 years.J. W. Brown, Shawnee County, 11 years.John T. Jones, Ottawa Reservation, 24 years.Peter Welsh, Osage Reservation, 30 years.Jsdge Baker, Breckinridge County, 14 years; andof the officers. Their prompt and proper punishment isHss rendered the following law: , money, which has already considerably diminished,ARTICLE I.- After the promulgation of the present will grow less eveay year.law, five earreanx of lana will be granted, free of aU The engagements contracted by the State are punc-charge, to every family of laborers or cultivators ofthe tually fulfilled; the army, at each review, is regularly African or Indian races, who shall arrive in the Ke- paid, and there are now no arrears due to it Tfie ad-pobHc. This grant will be reduced, to two sarreaux ministration of the public goods will be confided to the -when the laborer or cultivator is unmarried. moet upright hands, and the,Government at the same ART. II. These grtnts will he delivered,. without time will strike down all responsible agents who shall «xpen«e, and with a provisional title to every, family .be known to have betrayed tne trust confided in.them.others, some of whom have raised 80 bushels of corn to^m^^»a^^a^S^b^Si^^^^^^^^^^^^^^S»^!S5^^^S^^5^^gS^rag ggg^H^^^g^glC^^a;*...iW*.» USIJMIJBIFJm v.:?feti' WjM «m m,For a moment its works of reform were interrupted interests of order, cbmmis»ariea and under-commis- Muled States and the JSritisA .North American hy.» frightful crime. It was the beginning of the execu- saries, and commindires d'ilets, who conform to tire • Provinces: - .<*• y-'h tion of a plan, long meditated and prepared, for the regulations defi* iog the duties that have been markel IPiuxjtna: I azQ authorized and instructed by the overthrow, by aesasshmtfon, of the new order of out for them. The country will derive a hsnettt from thelawpromulgatedduringthelastyear,whichd^.er- mni*HT.» epoy>o s of -be »rmed poice, «h» city police, the rural'ppHce, and the, gendarmerie. That body offor publication, as the? contain the name of each settler, thing to the common fund. Those who have notgrain•fcsTOramentoftheBepubHctoofferyon, indiviiually thingsthathadbeeninstituted.The criminals have been punished—some by thefromvariousportionsoftheTerritory.The Committee of^Auburn- Township, Shawneeseed are requested to markthe bags "FOR SEED," capedbyjunimna:fromthewindows. One m K Warehouse room, free of charge> has "been tendered to was accosted by the officers on the stainL 'me^ulS the Geneal Agency by citizens of Topeka, Lawrence, escape arrest, threw himself over &e\*LZ2?J516,000 men, from about 30,000, which was its force , Government wishes to found other schools of arts ••> Beard and lodging, free of cost, will be furnished'to are comprised the bodies of the Guard and the Gendar- already it has received the remainder of the apparatus•oBef of the emigrants.abe emigrauta for eight days after their arrival in theTho same protection and civil rights that.the laws •gjhroto Haitians are solemnly guaranteed to the emi-The fullest religious liberty will be secured to them. They wiil never be callei on to support the Koman C*hobc Chun h.No military service will .be demanded from them, «xeeptisg that they shall form militia companies, and drill themselves once a month.All the necessary personal effects, machinery, and /agricultural instruments introduced by the emigrantssfeafi be entered free of duty.The emigrants shaH he at liberty to leave the coun-this county of Spatisb fever.g' the man. Now, then, let us have a settlement of the. Justice suspected that the witnesses for the Govern' Eu'fka Township, Greenwood County, reports: question, Union or Disunion, once for all—not for a ment were afraid to go to the guard house at that time; " Fifty-three families. 265 persons. They have 250 day, but for all time to come. Rant, rave, and grow and in order to give them opportunity to appear, heitry at any moment they please; but those whose pas-sag* shall be paid by Government, if they wish to re-turn Jbefore the expiration of three years, will be re-quired to refund the money expanded on their account.A. contract, fixing the amount, will be made with each cnried. Noteworthy improvements have been madeBishops of the Roman Church our masses will be mor-alized.v New cures will be established in the plainsand on the mountains: and it will be easy for the peo\ish Fever.1 Many families have not more than one bushel of corn meal in the house; that, with soma buf- falo meat and milk they get, compares their daily food.weeks past, clearly foieseen that the defeat of Lincoln was impossiblehigh prerogative of American citizenship, which em- ever, than was anticipated—in fact, there is no more braces obligations, it will be remembered, as well as than at any previous Presidential election. ; privileges. That Lincoln has been overwhelningly RALEK/H, N. C, Wednesday, Nov. 7. I860. elected according to the forms of the Constitution, is The Governor and Council are iu session. The news•migrant before leaving the Continent.2 have been commisfioned to superintend the inter-ests of the emigranta, and charged with the entire con- trol ofthe movement in America, and all person?, there- fore, desiring to.avail themselves of the invitation and bounty of the Haytian Government, are requested to©orreepond with me.I shall at once, as directed by the Government, es-tablish a Bureau of Emigration in Boston, and publishin this branch of the service, which will be reorganizedon the arrival of two steamships now expected from relation. Thus, labor, religion^ education, will trans- result."a Guide Book for the use of those persons of African us. The young Haytian marines of the naval Bchool, who were sent to France, and who will return on tbe•Committee, says:"The reports received thus far by the County Commit- community, under the Government of the. United cession since the announcement of Lincoln's election.or Indian descent who may wish to*make themselves acquainted with the resources of the country, and the deposition of its authorities. I shall al»> -appointsteamer Geffrard, have been objects of kindness of the French Government, and were placed at Brest on a school-frigate: ami according to the reports made to the Government by the Haytian Minister re3identattee present a most alarming state of facts. The township of Potoei reports 93 families destitute, and those fami- lies embrace 491 persons Scott township reports anStates, that the world contains uoder any Government. At this mement, there is not a tithe of tne want, crime, and individual discontent with one's lot in life, at theThe State will undoubtedly secede.MACON, G X , "Wednesday, Nov. 7, I860.agents to visit such communities as may seriously en- Paris, they have distinguished themselves by their tertain the project of emigration. discipline and their progress.Immediate arrangement*, both here and in Hayti, The financial situation of the Republic is gradually improving by the economic measures which have beendiate assistance; and suen is the picture of other town- soil, climate, pursuitp, and institutions. l What man of Conventions sitting at the same time and cooperatinginstruction, and regimental pride (Tesprit de corps).- The Republic is in peace in all parts, the National Guards, fall of devotion, constitute an imposing force; if the country were threatened, all the citizens wouldat once become soldiers.ShWthe month of April last year, nearly 6,000 menhave been honorably discharged'from military service; by^tbe fact of the new organization many other con- gees (dischargee) will be delivered—therefrom result- ing a gw at economy, which will be devoted to the na- tional welfare.agricultural. The work of the fields, which, in a few without meal or flour, except as they borrow from twenty—and devote the energies of the mind and body men and started for the Wigwam. Arrived there, years, will be directed and executed by practical men, others." to the development ef the resources of the good old found a party ineide and some outside. Shut the door*will produce important results. On the other hand, the i Butler, Hunter, and Otoe Counties, with'a popula- Commonwealth—now languishing under too much and arrested eight persons. James E. Johnson, wheaarrested outside, resisted tbe officer. Many escaped by jumping from the windows, there not being enough ofthe police present to secure them.The active service has "been much diminished; the decree of the ?8th of June, 1844, will be executed; this -will still farther lessen the burden of war.Private dispatches received here from Charieeson,The naval marine consisted, under the old Govern- ment, of a few little-ships only, for which, however, the enormous expenses of the fleet were ostensibly in-They have, as good citizens, now before them the plain duty of submitting with grace to the will of theCollector of the Port of Charleston resigned their posi- tions on hearing of Lincoln's election.si• M # i DAILY TSIBUIYE,Europe—the 22d December and the Geffrard.These two ships and several coast-guards, forming a di-vision well equipped, commanded by able officers, willsuffice tor the service of the police of the sea shore; the progress which Government expected from it; the and by their rapidity will reunite between them theprincipal ports of the Republic. The more frequent relations between the great centers of population will increase industrial and commercial astivity, draw closer the bonds of natural unity and develop more speedilv the germs of civilization which exist amongstudies have been slow; they have been far from at- taining the degree marked in the programmes of the Universities. "By the measures which the Government will tak*, while modifying the general system, the secondary instruction wili receive a new impetus.The young -Haytians Whom,>sincethe Revolution, the State has placed, in the different Lycees of France have made satisfactory progress^ the direction which the Government will soon give to their studies, will make of them special men who will one day be useful indifferent careers, but more especially in the.arts, sciencee, and trades. Pour National Lycees, 89 prim- ary, boys' schools, 21 primary girla' schools, 5(, rural schools, a girls' boarding-school for the higher branches of insJinotion, a naval school, a school of medicine, a. Atchison County, Grasshopper township, 43 families Government under that election can no longer be op together immediately. The people are very much ex- —228 persons—two-thirds of the' families in want of posed, except by naked and palpable revolutionary cited. North Carolina is ready to secede. ••an he made for the embarkment aod settlement' of one taken, as well as by the system of reforms followed by .school of jurisprudence, a school of mufii *, a school of have been forwarded by the Committees, which willhundred thousand persons.By authority of tho 0ov<mnwnt of th* Kepabtt-?- of Hayti,JA SI KS RF.DFATH, General Azeut of Emigration. yftasfe*, NoTumbor 3,1U60.• • A r*rTrr»n '"• 3 mcro* ami 3', roda.T>AWS ON KMIGRATION. *'AN INFAMOUS OUTRAGE.—We are very sure that- and Missitaippi will secede together.W ASHINGTON, D. C , NOV , 7, 1860.*«&*.;.* p£* four brothers whose sunorrngs have^ becone et> fhtbleririi##S*; iW^telPsiiMN,i •*••••-• • • • • • 'mm^mmi V t, - _ . * / • , • •. - .-. • • • - , . . . » ,A -- K -• > • • • • ' m* *' • / • •!*^^:^./.-- '.;.*\%*v^>.y:4v^^^^^.Precinct was not e xviUd, and the retnr Cowvosecis, w h l ' Canvassers shield t j-trmioc the p-seiti u irftfipiy to **c«»i*p before them, and rfa gajkvcf any of tbSuchapoeitionh grosseVtfraudssro pjarsdy settled poi c»hbe'eaeflyperie p»<*pb»asexpress aljy dUfranchise* ti i* unfortunate for * eu"b thitgs, rnt.»t working of Demo Temtoiiee. For tJ w arelookingf«rcoin, and more rig pointed to rule eve To«Jbow that fraa. Democratic Del c thatourLeg»l»u;r« cans and 6 Lemocr s a: d'VrDemwTbU.<OlU9 ed by hVpt.b The first eafiv* tisivery few, mostly rs,••The Board of <.« and District-Attoni4 to ccuxit Mr. Mon'/E they include Le^ar Mir ton, when tl a Nojtbern District, 1 could find but thr< is a gross outrage, aRepublicans, so pro hirelingpolitical he Morton, go unimb va*«. Tbcyknow which be is righuu to have the ff>.00 UKoally given by Q< tbat Congress thnilthe people of, a their desire as to wi ceparity of delegufe bate election. Nor gmlty of perpctr>ttiThis city is rapid Jcaepu compeue wi emigrants, and its n in-the North' Platfe siderable. The an braska ecarcely ie: kind* of vegetable* fresh oysters from tA great deal of fi Senator Green Of & ing this route to ',T h e Western >taj coaches between tni and eight houiB. '. time from this city i hours—whole time Omaha, five days a that from this place f^om St. Joseph, an from here to K*arn C./C^C.andP. P. vet made from St.lifteen bohrs.T H E TRIBCKE is'rory " Honest Old i he has been baT>bli speech, now in Chicago, then in N publicanism.THE AGRICUL''CotXMpoadence of TinThia little city, inhabitants, hes «a THETUJBUKE kco* on the left bank of \ below where that and takes its leave of the Universityr Prussia; that at 1 minutes hack of Bol the village, PoppebJ the buildings devote* Univendty—for the schafilicbe LehraneL •titation. Of thie " tute," I propose to gwithout pressing 'o. data are partly tbe with Prof. Wentz. ^ ationa, jand, partly. < therefore truatwortiThe objects of tbe a thorough Agricuin of young men wbc t the farming operatio•time is occupied «i. fluperintendence of t Students of Law i much theoretical as* tore as will enatle•cases involvingquest ment Thirdly, To ally upon the corns experimenting in •. U tically the value oi iInstruction is of t By Practical ©beer and field As the oe the lectures, what t is what order, 1 ha:0f the Lectures for nkg Oct. 10.Monday—Colttc* of fToeMtay and Wtdneti tic Acbnalt, Schell Ci -t Thuv*daT atui FitdV*-Scb*USatardaj—Care cf theMonday, Toewday r nc of Plant*Thurrday, Friday ard andStudy of Wool Vv«Monday and Tot—>»^ Mecb&nlca. *kiabr :•>.W «dne»dayr Thur»*L»j Utzy, Eichhonj.Monday, Tuesday, U and Man*f«ment o: £*ta the Iu»Utution).FridsTaad Saturday- tne itdrtng of Ftah. Pail< MondayandTaesdsy- atetic ana Algebra, Srbul W«dnesdar and Tburw Fridayan*«atttrda:-JMonday—Engliab A^r! Hart»**in. sTue»d»y and W«dn«^>d* Thursday—AgiicuUrra Friday—Lawa AfiVc '.ai Monday—A jricultarol Trwaday and Wedne«3> Tbuivdar—Game and i Friday—-Law* AflWtit baturday—Dtawtug, £Monday, Toeaday an< Bonbnn»er.Thonday—R««ult», Ol bents, 4e., "Went*.Friday—Mineraicsy. 4 1 Betide these tabu stvuets iu Analytic Caxd Saturdays, frvtu already gone through Schfellistogivepract on living and de?o do give an introductory hew atudeits, and \ courfesof Microticop: and the like, at conve ' Of tbese gentlemei rector of the Imonut the Panning D^par spector," has charge versity, &c; Sch«ll of theGovernmeLt'i fefspr of Chemistry Architect. %Tte second frmbi opportunitks ofsootn tiont actually going <the laboratory f by tjehall have an oppcrt* •-*ms and library oi tlA1tWl«,«jfdoo»| —-»1 1 •"fectorBin the States as well, as with our suffering" may be misappropriated, and at thevsame .time receive relative to the result of the election.' At the armm»k the benefit to he derived fro»*n a rodnetaon .of.; freights of the crowd the doors were securely fastenedVani &*has resolved to alienate on moderate terns, in favor ofS e Revolotion. It declared than it would consecrate the. old soldiers, several of the public estaVifl. ". or produce contributed for relief as a compensationit«eb to the niaintafna^ce of internal tranqmUtty;- that RU«BI poii<ve.jmvei>eoa iustHafcCot «r tne mainteuancti f•mnrATK»TO,EMIGRANTSOP.THE BLACK AND•>iwvuldlaborforthe.diminutionoft^echargeswhich ofordeVandpublictiwqnillity,and1fortheprotection •forourtime,lahor,oreffort,andshallonly'been- wouldashthatreKefbefurnishedasspeedilyasr>os- stonesthrown,instantlydemolishingallthewindow*o]* lation of the humane and liberal in the ^States, and and a general rush up the steps pistols were fired « 3 «>i'jy^_'IKACES— HAITIAN JtOWRSTEAD BILL Veightduponthepeople';toihf*d&velopuiHntofag-i- oftbbrespectduetoindividualliberty,property,and *ititledtocompenpationforinciden»alexpensesnecea- riMe,astherearehundredswhoareatthishourwith- oniheeastside,aodmanyothersonthenocihSSLcubnre, of industry, of commerce, of instruction, of the gehfial ppcurity. The Government, in order «v " eary for' the tranpaction; of the bueineBB, and sha«l out anything to eat but corn meal^nd water, and hut a KOnth. Those gentlemen who had remained id nsUjpoa TrtB AMERIACAN BLACKS—LAW OK ptjifrl<m>^ofthepublicrevenues. attainthisob•iject,hasorgnniz«daibodyofarmedpo-' "giveaodtakevouchersaswellfromeachotheras smallquantifyofthat. ., . v;^,S,Sff,S^ti^pp^er«st^or^yyw«er^ec«o^mppenelelded,a,«ats)l&i«2fr»only bopeof safety, to take to the roof. TtVrfoJJ forced ti#ir way into the main hall, where desks, 2 S ?ng in order to keep itself on a level with the, asoira- tions of the xmtion, has not hesitafrd to use all the means which the laws and resources of the country' will pereeveiringly sustain itj entertain* the hope tnatit will one day become a legion 1 of picked men, 'Whosedevotion and morality will offer the most earnest guar-antiestosociety. Therehavealsobeencreated,intjio pectaswellasalreadyexiting; Theyaretoolengt»y continuedprosperity; hencetheyareable-toaddsome- revived Sformation of.thKu^uT°and' auwS•nul by eonuntmitiee, a welcome, a home, and a free sword of the law. and others by banishment. "In this)m»*aceed in Hay ti» melancholy event, society, which was menaced by a police known formerly runder the name of the Garde •' 254 persons. In tbis township, 30,700 bushels of corn Leavenworth, .Wyandot, Quindaro, and Atcbison, so d<rwn}wo nights of. steps, and got 0 ^ ^ ^ ^8«oh of you as are unable to .pay for your passage trouble, profound and sanguinary, was saved by the Ch4mpUre has been'replaced by the gendarmerie,"were raised in 1859. Tbe croo fhis year will be 92 as to store grain to be used for seed in.the 8pring.named perscnBjirfre arrested: George Claris 3 X i Alcorn, James E. Johnsoo, Richard Ha- John W . Browning, William Ogden, E. L.nptonwM be provided -with the means of defraying it.Two classes of emigrants are especially invited—!a- JtareVs and farmers. None, of either class, or of any1devotion of the people, of the National Guard, of the army, and by the calm and patriotic energy of the Chief of the State.which is ppeciaHy destined to superintendence and to tbe police of tbe-country, where already theft and vag- abondage begin to disappear. Guard-houses for the use of"bushels! Wheat raised in 1859.1,650 bushels; in " 1860, only 10 bushels Potatoes- in '59, 2,715 hush " frls; in '60,15 bnsheK Garden products this year,Arrangements have*been made wjth milli in Kansas to grind at half the usual price, so that the groin can be turned into meal to feedthe hnngry'after it reaches• BdrlDaley, and John Wells oriey.-luss The rioters, after the attack upon the buOdinir wer*The new era which now opens for the country,- the need of progress which manifests itself in all part?, the • before sailing, the proofs of a good 'character for enthusiasm for work, religion, and; instruction—all testify that the people wish to extend their horizon, to put civilization into practice—in fine, to accomplishthe gendarmerie have been built, at a trifling expense, " $5. Caeh on hand, $M8. Tbirty-three families are Kansas, and thus avoid the rjbk of lis becoming mustywiH be furnished with passports who cannot pro-called together and briefly addressed by their%aderand integrity.T o each family of emigrant! five earreanx* of freshtheir regeneration. ~ #In presence of thess manifestations, which give usMany of the prisons have been repaired-and made ; of the tropics, will ho gratuitously given, on the brightest hopes, the Government ought, for devel- healthy. These penitentiaries which formerly present-[ fertile land, eapable of growing all the fruits andtho sole conditions that they shall settle on it, and cul- tivate it, and declare their intention of becoming citi- -MSMt of Hayti. To unmarried men,, on similar condi- tkea, 4wo earreanx will be granted.,oping tho traitswhich constitute the citizen devoted to his country, andto society, to exert itself to introduce into the country those elements of civilization which it needs, andtojom them to the great centers of intelli- gence and industry. To obtain this result it believed that the most pressing need was to reduce the number of the army* to restore order in the Administration,On thisprogramme, which it has invariably followed,, cessively leave this Institution will.worthily serve the the army has Deen reorganized, its number reduced to interests of society. ;." oeen here over a year; have spent all the ready " means which they"had, and the drouth and failure of "crops bave left them without bread or the means of "procuring it." .' Judge Graham, chairman of the Committee for Center township, Madison County, in submitting the . report says:"One-third'of tbe inhabitants are in destitute cir- cumstances. Of the other two-thirds, there are 33• Tho Government, also, will find remunerative workA; iar those of yon whose moans-will not permit them to which bad been nearly destroyed by the dilapidationsSOUTHERN MOVEME ST SAND OPINIONS. nity, alleged to have been active participants in .the* riotous proceedings.W e find in our exchanges some intereafing items of After 2 o'clock thi*morning the friends of those ar-i>egin Immediately an independent cultivation. Kmigrants are invited to settle in communities.for the erection of schools and chaoels will be by the State, without regard to the religiousof the past regime, and particularly to strengthen ruralindustry by tne immigration of men ofthe African and trades, bnt also pursue a coniplets course of reading and Indian races. ' , „ •» writing. The young, competent citizens who will suc-families, 142 persons, that are partly supplied; 9 fam- fact and fancy, drawn forth by the Lincoln victory: rested went to the house of Justice Donn and wotsilies are without any money. It is ascertained that un- From The Pcltniburg (Va.) Intelligencer, Nov. 1. him, and asked him to go to the guard-house to try the less relief is had from abroad three-fourths of the in- cases.' Justice Donn went down, and, ascertainingat the center of every rural section, near the public highways, in order to enable them to see that tho law ol passports is observed, and,to prevent the great roads from being crowded, on working days, by idlers, intent on theft or crime. V , V"without money. Old corn and meal on hand. 604 (ifground) by transportation in close carsv"bushel-; flour on hand. 2,065 pounds; groceries, $34; Transhipment of freight being necessary at both the who claimed that it was -a disgrace to the city toaavs " 47 pfr»ons bave left; 6 persons have moved in- All Missiesippi and Missouri Eivers, everything, must ,be such an organization in the City of Washington and it " wiij need anentire supply of se*dgrain next Spring." sentforward in bags*- The Committees and agents iu ought to be broken up. After various .threats to fimCotf* nwood Falls township, Chase. County, report the States who receive grain donations and have not the building, and further acts of violence, the cro*d 29families, 118 persons. The Committee in conclusion means to furnish bags, are requested to communicate was again ranged in line. • Cheers were then riven for say that " the men whose names are on this list have the fact to the undersigned at Chicago, so tbat bags the '• National Volunteers" and • Breckinridge andedthemostrevoltingappearance,havenow asatisfic- tory aspect. They are no lmgar encumbered with a large number of vagrant and of the accused of a'l kinds; as crimes, so also minor offenses, being no longer unpunished, infractions of the law are becoming lees frequent. • _.The Central House erected into a School of Arts and Trades, has numerous pupilfe, who, supported and clad at the expense of the State, not only learn differentcan be furnished*W.'F. M. ARNY. Agent for Belief of Svfferer$in Kantat.Editorswho desire to aid in tie relief of 30 000 suf- fering people in Kansas, are requested to publish the above in their papers.Lane, when the order to march was given. They pro- ceeded up Indiana avenue to tbe City Hall, thenoe to Sixth street, and down Sixth to Pennsylvania avenue where they finally dispersed, shouting lustily for UM "National Volunteers." We understand thatlwar- rants were to have been issued this morning for the arrest of certain parties, well known in this commu-of a foundery, and all the instruments for boring artes an% shall directly or iu^iTeqly receive one dime of moneyAgency with thefokihroadCompaniefl. •'' attack the building, a rush was made -to the m<3The undersigned most respectfully I solicit the co- breaking the same open, simultaneously with whi -" from all other persons, and prestrve the same for aTbe reports reosived from the county and township Commit** es phow a great amount of destiration in pros-know from experience the terrible significance of a failure of the crops, and hence will spare something from your present abundance. Others-have knownindividuals, were eitiMr^oWli£d porotpaekretny aowf paryi.vate individual. weW rftw^'*CJ*merie. . ; • ,Disciplined, well-supported, instructed, it renders tothe Republic more real service than when its " effecti veforce w (which was not in harmony with the resourcesof tbe countrv) did not permit t ^at care to be bestowed•n it which gives birth to. discipline, good maintenance, sexes- Government proposes to make these schools pounds of, flour to the person; eleven families are at least four years—would to God it could be for riot while on Pennsylvania avenue. Got one or twoPi.imary Instruction has made noteworthy prog- bush*Is of corn and meal and 9 sacks of flour; not a- quiet again and busy yourselves in ax&ieving the held the prisoners to bail for a further hearing at his of- ress;theschoolsfonndediutheruralsections,siu^c dollarinmoney. Thereisnotabushelofcornor" victoriesofpeace,aslessrenownedthanthoseofwar. ficeat4o'clockp.m.to-morrow. Thestatementof the Revolution, gather together, the youth of both meal to the individual in the township, and. only four Tiun your attention now from d!isgusting politics, for Lieut. McHenry was substantially that he heard of thsGovernment will fill with capable citizens the differentrural offices; and thorie of the youth who will be callei toserve the country in the ranks of the army will have,by their education, the sentiment of Nifional honor it is a complete failuie. There will not be twenty titled, among the first nations of the world, in all theand of dntv. bunhels of corn raised in the three counties. Three-Religion will come to aid the development of labor fourths of tbe population are almostdestitute of money,and of education.. In a few months, by the execution clothes, and provisions. Very few' have more cattle of a-treaty concluded with his Holiness the Pope and than supply their immediate wants; some, indeed,elements of prbfperity and happine's'.From The fVathington Star, Not. 7.LINCOLN ELECTED.—The Star's readers, we take it for granted, were not unprepared for the result of yesterday's election, for it has sought to raise no base-SECESSIONRUMORS.form Haytian society, and will enable it evjen to fur- Marshall County,.Blue Eapids township, report for-tion of 909 persons, are reported by Judge Lambden, P . G. Morton, esq., and Dr*. Lewellin, as follows:the Republic, good priests will be spread over both have been, deprived of their last cow by a diseasethe towns and the country. Under the direction of the which has prevailed in this country, called the * Span- less hopes in their minds upon the subject, having, for state that Judge Magratb, Attorney Connor, and theThe Whigs are all well pleased at the result of ths vanish; the union of man and womau^.sanetified by in a suffering condition, and, unless supplies are fur- may hesitate so to do, vull thus prove unwoithy of the what indignant. ' There is far less excitement, bow-pie to hear, each Sabbath, the voice of their paBtors;superstition, which has so often led them astray, will* The facts, as they really exist, arerthat the people are ptople as manifested- at the ballot-box. Those who election in this State, while the Democrats are some-rsligicn, will advanf8geously consolidate the family nished, from some source, much suffering will be thenish its contineent to the work of civilization. Second- ty-nine families,in a very destitute condition; theyary instruction in .the National Lycees ha1" not realized have little money and scarcely anyfirrocerieson hand. undeniable; and that his elevation to power iuthe warrants the belief that the Legislature will be calledthe different Departments, which have enabled the painting, matmct/ at the expense of the State, in all give some idea of the condition of the people. It is dueState to incease the salaries of the public functionaries the extent of the Republic, 13,000 pupils. In private .to the inhabitants of Kansas to say that they have the respectable persons of all parties in the FederalWinter clothing, and seed grain wanted in the Spring. means, no leas apparent. Those who counsel aughtMONTGOMERY. Ala., Wednesday, Nov. 7, 1#60. The State bas undoubtedly gone by a large mjwrity.for Breckinridge. His supporters are almosCunani- IDOUS in favor'of secession. Large numbers of the Bell men, headed by T. II. Watts, have declard for se-Bourbon County, 429'families—2,063 periods—all needing help more or less, as she statistical tables show. H. A, Smith, eeq., Secretary .Linn County Beliefbut acquiescence in the result, therefore, counsel neither more nor less than revolution; and that, too, while the South are the richest and most prosperouspupils of boto sexes.Jmtke has been a subject of the greatest Bolioitude tothe Government. By the law recently voted, the pe-cuniary position of the magistrates has been improved, the fact .that the soil of Kansas can withstand a dry perpetra'ed by a gang of political rowdies who are and the Government hr pes that it will sail, further season equal to that of any country. The testimony of said to haye proceeded from the headquarters of the•aWe to of>t*in the authority to exchange his grant for courses, obit fly with a view of damming*them, and Qu6en of Spain a Consul at the residence of Barce- Kansas borders at Atchison, and from there be dis- iaymondv-as they arrived. Breckinridge, Bell, and propositions. Gen. Cass replied, that he knew no \ -another property, but only on the conditions, terms, works have been undertaken, for the purpose of pre- lonne. The concordat made with his Holiness ths tributed to the various County and Township Com- New-York Fusion successes were received with enthu- way to bring about such a Convention, except by the*j»d with the powers above named. '-„••' venting fresh inundations.Pope? no article of which is at variance with our Con-mittees. ":•••:''•:•." The undersigned, citizens of Kansas Territory, hereby cer-siastic applause, while Lincoln majorities were gener- ally hissed. On the announcement that nineteenvoluntary action of the States themselves.It iB rumored that the President wili, to-morrow, ifThe presort law shall be promptly executed by theSecretary of State of the Interior and of Agriculture. estates were found previous to the restoration of theCHrtenat the Na ional House of For:-an-Prince, the 5th Republic has caused extraordinary expenses for the re- September, year 57th of Independence.Btrution or laws, has been ratified by his ExcellencyThe state cf abandonment in which the nationaltbe President of Hayti and sanctioned by the Senate;t" e exohat'ge of ratifications will be made immediately. tify thai Judgo W. F. M. Amy is authoriz >d to solicit aid ib. the' wards in New-York City had polled 49.000 majority things continue to present a threatening aspect, issueThe Pr«9%d*rt o/th« SivtU: Y. LACltUZ. pair of the edifices; and there are still many suchStates of Illinois, Iowa, Wisconsin, &o', for onr destitute and Bat- for the Fugion ticket, a large portion of the audience a proclamation calling on the seceding States to re« Purine; the months of Aoril, Msy, June and July lerlngjpeople, occasioned by the drouth and consequent failure of rose to iff feet, and for a few moments the whole, inte- main in the Union and wait for some overt actdestruc-last, his Excellency, the President of Hayti, has visited crops m Kantas. We commend his mission t&Hhe kind con- rior of the building was a scene of wild excitement—• tive of their rights, before separating. The fire-eaterssideration of the friends of bucoanity in the States. (Signed)" 8. C. Bomeroy Atchison; J. N. 1'hUUpu. Humboldt, All»in men loudly hurraing and swinging their hits, and the say, however, that Mr. Buchanan will preserve " aComity^C. M OWord, Marshall Comity; W. A. £l», Cottoy ladicsr—particularly Secretary Thompson's party- masterly inactivity.'* He has had many calls to-day,TTJk StcretyrU* : CKLASTJX, J. Y. MX.NDOX>.Given at the Chamber of KeDresentatives of Port-an-wcrks.to undertake, because it has been impossible for the Government to defray all the expensed during oae year, necessary for these purposes, as the limits of that fund have already been passed. Besides, it is the policy of the Government rather to spread these ex- pansesoveranumberofyears,inorderthattheworks they undertake may be speedily finished, than attempt to make all the needed repairs at once. Confining itself specially to thenuost useful establishments, it will soon be enabled to complete ths foundation of athe Departments of tbe Artibnoite of the North, and ofthe* North-West, and St.-Mark, Cape Haytien, Gon-aives, Port-de-Paix. Both in the towns and in thecountry the people came in mass to receive him, to Fletcher. Toptka Relief Mating; A. L. Winans, Chairman Au-Prmee the 5th September, 1860, year 57th of Independ- The PrctUUnt of the ChantiHrr W. CHANL 4TTE.,County; John T Cox. Chairman Ottumwa Relief Meeting • Jaa.waving their handkerchiefs with delight.Near midnight the crowd about the hotels had grownbut is not at all communicative.The Bell and Everett party held a mass meeting} T*#iUcrrtarUi: J.TtlKWrB,K.RH'HIXS.give him the testimony of their lively, sentiments of de- burn Relief Meeting; JamesL .r* -- 'McDowell, Mayor of Le&ven-Xs T H I NAMK OK THK KKTI KI.IC:The President of H&vtt ordains that the foregoingof the Legislative Bodies be stamped with the seal of the Bepabhc, published, and executed.votion—toshowhownappy theywereat therestora-r woithCit} " shiirotonlylargebutpoisy,beingmadeupverylargelyof here,,andresolvedtobuckleontheir armor and tight drunken young men, V spiling for a muss." A short, for the Union. Now and then a cockade is soon in theGiven at the National Palace of Port-au-Prince, the model farm, where will be taught the use of new agri-these Departments without 'being escorted by troops; the people everywhere surrounded him with the!.- love-Editor Atchison Union; John A Martin, Editor Freedom't we believe, but who seemed deposed to wade in just and it is mtimated that iinooln will oause its publica-•6th September, I860, year 57th of Independence OErFRARD.cultural implements, and where'the bast perfections of the art of culture, adapted to our climate, will bd in-Champion; F.'N. Blake, Junction CHty, Davi* County. for the fun of the thing, presented himself as the identi-The organization as now arranged is an efficient one, cal individual sought lor by whitehead, and followedtion, in order to calm all fears that may be •entertained relative to his course.A cabinet meeting was held to-day, at which it i»TheBeeofStateofJiutiee./fC., F..£ DCBOI.H. i attentiontothecultureofthesugarcane, whicti for anarchicalpassionswhichmaymanifestthemselves. sendtheircontributionsinmoney,boots,shoes,woolen "Jumpm, Second WardV' "Hit him, Gaines!" TheSee.ofStateofFinance;Commerce,andtlxterinrRela-manyyearsinsteadofextendingandbeenalmostPort-au-Prince,TBthSeptember,1860,YearST!thoftheIndepen-materialsforclothing,heavycottonclothformeal"Sockhim,Baker!"«Goit,tow-head!"&c,&c.Corr««poa4«iic«orTheN.x".Tribune.tion*,fbme on the Naturalization of Emigrant* of the Afri-can and Indian Race* :JPAHRX OxrFRARn, President of Hayti,On tho report of the Secretary of State of Justice,"and by the advice of the Council of the S&xctariee of IState,stopped.Explorations that - have been undertaken have ascertained the , existence of several. new mines,OMAHA. N. T. Nov. 1,1sio. The rascalities of last year have been repeated. The will inform the friends of humanity in the Eastern field; and the last we saw of the light-haired young Territorial Board of Canvassers have to day givenII.efce oath, they wQl present themselves at the offices of tho President of Hayti, to receive an act from the Chief of, the State recognizing them as citizens of the Repab-needed oy tbe State. This decree, on account of many difficulties which it encountered, has not yet been fully executed: but the Government, taking cognizance of the modifications which experience has indicated, will see to it that this method shall more and more be madethebasisof all operations concerning public works and acquisitions-The Louisiana emigrants who have established them- selves in the neighborhood of the Artibonite are de- voting themselves with ardor to work; their planta-Arny of Southern Kansas, who have entered into, an agreementfor the receipt and distribution of money, provisions, ccc , for the relief of the sufferers.This agreement places in the hands, of Mr. Hyatt of N6w-YoikCity authorityto raisemoneyin theEast- ern States to pay freights, &c, and to the undesigned ant hority to obtain taoney and produce in the Western States, and to Gen. S, C. Pomeroy and the Rev. Mr. Maljen, the hnsiness of receiving at Atchison, Kansas (which is the terminus of railroads to Kansae)—allceipts after final settlement shall be handed to theCounty Board of ComnvB^ioners of the respectivecounties in Kansas, and that the people be ado wedvoluntarily to pay when able to the County Treasurertie amounts; and that the amounts thus paid be consti-tuteda COMMON SCHOOL FUND, the interest to he an-zant of the intentions of,the crowd, but who made ho attempt to dissuade them from their purpose, which it "was apparent, if carried out, must lead to a disturbance, if not to serious rioting and bloodshed.About half-past12 o'clock a large body of men were formedinlineyn Pennsylytuiaavenue,neartheBreck-becend year that the legal votes of the Territory have been dislrandmed by tbe rascality of the Democraticpajjy.-This year the plan to give Mr. Morton the certificatewas carried out in the following manner; The full re- turns,asregularlymade,gaveMr.Daily108majority..The pr»eent law annuls all laws or meis- auoswhicharecontraryto it, and shall be executednually distributed totheschooldistricts-of therespect-ive conntirs. Thus the donors will relieve the hungry inridge headquarters, assuming the name and olaiming As soon as the result was determined a well knownwith dispatch by the Secretary of State for Justice. Given at the National Palace of Port-au-Prince, the 27th day of August, 1860, the Fifty -seventh Yearof Independence, G O ' / S A R D . [Then fotiow tho signatures of various officials, asand furnish seed to plant, and the interest of that relieft* be members of the National Volunteer Associationibey marched by, way of Four-and-a-half and Sixthstreets to the Republican Wigwam* corner of Indianarascal in the Northern part of tbe Territory, eitherfiom his own depravity or by instigation of moreV N PwtsANca.dence of Hayti.THE KANSAS. . ' sacks, and sacks for grain and. meal, as it would cost ftoo much to transport grain or produce from the States The Second-Ward boysareconsidered " some on a plugtions are in progress; they express great satisfaction l a the previous law. Both' cf those laws were unan- at becoming Haytian citizens. Immigration, whichavenue and 8econd street, on reaching which thevAilagentswhoareinthe States authorized by coun- were drawn np m I?«A «* su^ A 3 3 3 $ ^£S5?JK» turns of the North-Western l^ocinct of L'eau quimBonsly passed through both branches of the Legiala- :.*£?** PROGRESS OP THE REPUBLICwill continue oh a larger scale, and which will be en- will multiply our products. The cry of grief whichty or township Committees to solicit aid for soeciol lo- were drawn np m hue on Seconnd street, immediately Court County, the North-West Coauty in the Terri-it JZxBfHitioit of tk# Otnerai Situation cf the Republic,"^mPri$emted to the Chataiier af ficprtscqtattce* on Slavery has extorted has been heard In Hayti, and hasto the most destitute."agreed as a covenant with each other, and our behe-Jkc&tABtrtembertim. ^_i'.i^^i^. r•has f&t thajft is it* duty jo favor $be immigration of•nJ-'each county and township; and also, if possible, toprevent unauthorized agentB from soliciting aid which I prietor of the establishmtnt and five or six others whocinct. v-The Clerk of the County at iirst'refuied to recognize the return, for one reason among others that the••. It is also proper to say that this drouth has developedcowardly and infamous attackj at midnight last night, upon the building on Indiana avenue, occupied as the Republican party headquarters, which, it seems, wasiThe Tribunals of Commerce meet regularly, and thecountry is proud to eee that the magistrates that com-pose it fill with a patriotic real the gratuitous functionswhich devolve on them. The Tribunal of Cassation,by its decrees, justifies \h» confidence which society re-poses in it. New Justices, of the Peace have beenfound*, d since the Revolution: and as fast as the needsof Society demand, Government will create others. the acre in former seasons.The Justice of the Peace, who ought to.be a moral, in- An arrangement has been made with the railroadsstructed, and energetic citizen, renders immense ser- tbat all produce, &c, shipped to Pomeroy & Mahen, at quote: _ / ' ' -/ •'•" . - yX\-vkee to society, because he prevents many law suits Atchison, Kansas, will be transported at very reduced A large audience was assembled at the theater* last and maintains peacebetween families. rates of freight. When shipped, the bill of lading must night with the double purpose, it was snppoeed, ofOr.r relations with the powers represented in;, Hayti state that it is " FOR THE KKLIEE OF SUFFERERS IN witnessing the performance and hearing the electionthat shall have made, before the proper magistrate, Commerce,' of which the Hunts are in harmony with aie on a footing of perfect harmony. The national KANSAS," and a copy of the bill of lading sent to Gen. "returns. During the evening Gen. Lane came in, andthe declaratione prescribed by law with the view of the amount of the productions of the country and the debt is regularly paid. The EnvoyB Extraordinary and Pomeroy, at Atchison, Kansas. on passing down the aisle to the orchestra 8%ats was•obtaining naturalization, and they Will be converted . requirements of consumption, is extending itself by the W mister plenipotentiary at the Courts of England, . The neceeeity of a system will be apparent to every loudly cheered. Among those present in the orchestratat©finalgrants alter a residence of a year and a day JB the country.ART. IJL Thefinalgrants will be given in exchange for the provisional grants only when i'. shaH have been ascertained by the Government agents that cul- tivation has already commenced on the property granted.AotT. IV. The grantee shall not have power todis- poeo of his grant before the exniration of seven con- •9sentrve years of occupation. Nevertheless, he will bedevelopment'which labor has taken eince the Revolu- France, and Spain, who. were especially charged to one—not only to .reduce the price of transportation, eeats*was Secretary Thompson and family, and several tion. Neighborhoods-which, for ten years past, have notify those Powers .of the establishment of the Repub- but, also, for tbe benefit.of the railroads, so as to save accompanying ladies and gentlemen, all of whombeen almost abandoned, are now on the road of pros- lic, have fulfilled their mission to the satisfaction/if the them trouble arid prevent frauds being practiced;, seemed to take much interest in the election returns asgreater part of- the discharged soldiers devote them- potentiary, theffrst which Hayti had sent to Spain, areforwardedas above, AND ON NO OTHER. The first of these announcements—fine partial success To-day, ex-Senator Pratt of Maryland, called ooselves. Routes of communication being indispensable the relations which have been established between th* By the following it will be seen that the undersigned of the Fusion ticket in New-York City—was made by Gen. Cass, to see if some means could not be devisedfn tie progress.of agricnlture, 0overnment nas oc-d-. Republic and the Court of Madrid have beem of the is authorized to act as agent in the Western States.' He Joe Jefferson while performing the character of Simon by which the President could call a Convention of allpied itself with the repair of the gr^at highways, and it most, amicable nature. His Excellency the President will immediately visit the' prominent points for the Lullaby, and was received with. loud, cheers. Subse- the States choosing to be represented, for the purpose •will not stop until it. al?o completes a good system of purpose of soliciting donavions and putting the freightsirrigaticn. Trial* have been made .oa several water- of Hayti has accredited to the Government of the in the proper channels, so that they wul reach the Juent dispatches were'read by Jefferson, Glenn, or of denouncing secession, and making conciliatorytion of the Republic, which is Labor, Liberty and Prog-' P. 1>. xwaxon, crecKinridge Uounty: Jress. The ovations which the President o? Hayti re- 8. D. Houston. Riley County ;H. Williams, Andorson County; to show him a d—d Black Republican. A Second- H. II Farnsworth, Mayor of T.'opeka; G. W. Dtilzler, Mayor'ofceived in these expressions of the na'ional sentiment "ayewere sublime. His. Excellency visited the interior of Lawrence; G. H. Faircbild. Meayor of Atchison; U.'O. Chase, Ward boy, who doesn't train with the Wigwam folks, doubt of Lincoln's determination to enforce the laws;troduced. The premiums accorded to cotton, mills, in every locality he seemed to be in the bosom of his and the donations will reach the sufferers promptly. the word by a blow upon tljie nozzle of the latter. The3tt THZ PRISIDXST:3Ac 8<**clary of Stat* »/ the Interior and of Aoricvlture,- .F. Jy. JOKKPH. TJk*S*e.of State of War and theMarine, T. DXJOIK.T>W Keeper of the 8*aU, Secretary of State of the General Po- tions which were desired. The returns of coffee have tranquillity, in it, and energetically to combat all citizens of Indiana and all States east, are requested to minutes there was a general tuss*l and fight, amid lie** JM LAAOTIIK. alrtady iucreasec"; and the Government will turn its whim we could, only distinguish the rallying cries ofand presses, which. have been liberally distributed to own family. \ We therefore ask the citizens of the various counties on adherents of the respective belligerents immediatelyagriculturists, have established many of the ameliora- I, Such, gentlemen, is the situation of the Republic. . tberailroads in Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin, to send rushed to the support of their principals, and for a few understood that grave State matters were discuaeed. Thedesireof theGovernmentintomaintainorderand theircontributionsin grain as above specified. Theman he was being supported to the rear of the hall, the. certificate of election as Delegate to Congress to J. wearing a bloody nose and a mottled face. Meantimethe Symptoms of a freah scrimmage began to manifest Sterling Morton, the Democratic candidate, by 14 ma- More than three months ago, reports reached the. of the WeBtem States to Dr. John Evans, office No. iio themselves (the members of the police force present jority. To do so, the most bare-faced frauds were al-Clark street, Chicago, 111., who will pay it to the gen- looking on with .tije strictest impartiality, we must doEaetern States in regard to the destitution in. Kansas eral agency to be used for the purchase of sacks, pro- them the justice to saj), but this was averted by the lowed by them. Last year there was a small degreeespecially coal minee; the working of these veins will SYSTEMATIC RELIEF FOR TIIE SUFFERING PEO- StateB how to forward money.*open a new source of revenue to tne State.New fountains have been erected in the capital, and similar, ones will be built'in the other cities, wherePLE OF KANSAS. Remittances in money may be forwarded from anyConsidering that prompt action is demanded in be- there are now engineers at work for that purpose.atf of those who possess the required qiaHficatfons to The service of the Post-Office is regularly performed; in consequence of the unprecedented drouth. The re- -viBions, and payment of freights, and take their receipt timely intervention of Alderman Ward, who managed of plausibility or excuse for allowing the returns thatHaytians, m order to enable them with facility the line from Mirbalais to Lascaliobas has, without ports were, however, BO contradictory that it was for the same. By this system every person who re- to make himself heard above the din, and stated that were counted by the Territorial .Canvassers, but this• into the immediate enjoyment of the right at- i to naturalization,cost to the Treasury, been extended to Hinohe. ceives money or produce will pay it to the General the esteemed proprietor of the house (Marshal Brown) year the most prominent Democrats do not deny the By virtue of one of the laws passed during the last deemed proper to make a thorough personal investiga- Agent, Thaodeus Hyatt, New-York City; S. C. Pome-ARTICLE I. Article 14 of the Civil Code is modified mains has Wen instituted; it has been in operation now York, visited Kansas, and aften, a full inquiry, he be- and thty •will recive and receipt for it. Mr. Ward's request was acceoed to, and the belligerent whioh Morton obtained the certificate, is a glaring a* follow*: " All those who by virtue of the ConitL nearly a year; all the questions relating y> it are under parties divided into squads, aiid started in variousi areable to acquire the rights of Haytxan citizens^ examination, and when the Government shall have came satisfied that it was necessary to have a thor- The money or produce will be distributed to the dirfctions. ' fraud. Without counting that fraud, SamuelPropteas tho following law:session, a General Administration of the national do- tion. For this purpose, Thaddeus Hyatt of New- roy, Atcnison, Kansas; or the undersigned at'Czricago, was lying ill above, andasktd the crowd to withdraw. fact that the reiurn from L'eau qui Court County, byduriag the first month of their arrival in the finished a perfect register of the hind surveys, the ough o;ganization in the Territory before an appeal County Committees, who will give a receipt to the When th« crowd left Brown's Hotel, at the sugges- G. Daily,, the Republican candidate, and pres- rj, before the Justice of the Peace of their res> administration of the goods of the State will have was male for the relief ef the sufferers. To acoom- General Agents, and in return they will divide it to the tion of Mr. Ward, a portion of it raised vociferous cries ent Delegate, would have received the certifi- », and m presence of two well-known citizens, detained a complete regularity." towriships and take the receipts of the Township Com- of f: Let's adjourn to the wigwam," which were « • cate by 108 majority. Mr. Daily will have no diffi nl--BMASadecfarauon to the effect that,theycomewith TheGovernmeDtisengagedatpresentwithacenraa .plishthis,the.citizensofthevariouscountiesandtown- nitteee,whowillalsotakereceipts from theindivid- spondedtobynumerousother?,of"Alllight;comeoothe intention of settling in the Republic They will, at ships were requested to organize and appoint their own uals, to whom it is'given, and finally the Township let's rout 'em down there." The major portion of ty in estabhtthuig his right to the seat as soon as he canthe same time, before the Justice of the Peace, take of the Republic; this work, which is of the highest im- Committees will settle With the County Committees Una crowd then proceeded in the direction of the tele- •fti1 *& m* ho{0Ti) Cungress, which he will do.oath that they renounce ovary other country save portance: will give a correct idea of the! extent of re- • committees. " Statistical tables :were printed and fur- the latter with the General Agents, and they again graph office, opposite tbe BrecWmridge Club rooms, The Democraticparty shows little signs of wjoieiugJEbyXL • . forms which should beundertaken with the respect to nished to them, and in nearly all the counties organiza- with a Committee to be appointed in the State. wheie the initiatory steps were taken to collect a party over the result. They know too welt that one moreagriculture, the army, and. religious and primary in- tions have been formed. A general agency was estab- ART. IL Provided with the verbal process of the structioD.As the citizens of Kansas who will be relieved say to repair hither under the rallying cry of " The Na- such victory gained by such means will be the ruin x>fthat "they do not want aid as a gratuity, but ,will tional Volunteers." We noticed two or three.police their party. If this ope does not, I much mistake theJfastioe of the Peace, setting forth the declaration that The Government published during the past year a lished, consisting of Thaddeus Hyatt ofj New-York,they come to settle in the Republic, and their tsking of decree putting up to public bids the various supplies Gen. S. C.Pomeroy of Northern Kansas, and W. F. "pay it back when able," it is proposed that the re- officers present during these proceedings fully cogni- character of the people of this Territory. This is theThe conclusion of the agree-may receive, so that there may be an equal didtribu-eatiafy them as to the general result o f W S o nw i l ever afterward Kansas.be used to educate the children ofiominent Democrats; procured, by what process h i»couraged by grants of land, will c;>vexwithl*borers freights and distributing the same to the various county calities in Kansas, are requested to report themselves facing the building, when three loud cheers werogivea tory. That so-called return gave the entire vote, 122,those of our districts that are still uncultivated, and and township^organizations—by them^ to he distribut«>d to the undersigned at Chicago, and to forward through forthe^Volnnteeis. Fortunately for all parties, thKe for Mr. Morton. Democrats who have been in thatthe General Agency at Atchison all donations'theyRem^hcans, having received sufficient X t S n c e to agenoetosection of the Territory, say that there are hut three election, families in all the region which this scoundrel calls the j vividly moved the public heart; and the Government ment is as follows: " It is now mutually and solemnly tionan accordance.with, the wants of the people in ^ ' A t e S ^ J P TM * ? ^ . t u r n e d the mtetZl North-Wett Precinct. As a fact, there is no such Pre-Untitled DocumenttioDslin aid of our friends in Kansas. Many of you • banners, transparencies, engravings, andrttrofcfteeLTS!:*ard bi* 'condition' and wants. A few of the reports in sary freight expenses. Spring wheat, rye, corn, flour, when he ordered his men to immediately* clofle~"t2: doors, Theydidso,andthepanyiS be^t^ a condensed form can only be given here, and these are and beans are needed. Those who send grain fit for make every effort toeecaoe. Ma^7oflbTrio1Sf 1County, report the names of " 64 families, consisting ofhabitants of this county -will be compslled to Isave the The long looked for and long desired day has come that the witnesses for the prosecution were not there, during the preceding Government; in this figure, also, and trades in the principal towns of the Republic, and country or starve ! A number of cattle have died in. and gone. If any one is elected, Abraham Lincoln is positively refused to go into an examination fulhjC Thelegislation. Up Virginians, and improve the best op- portunities nature ever^bestowed, and place your be- loved State in that position to which she is just en-aggregate of 135 families. 105 of which need imme- South, that exists at the North. This is for the most move band in hand with South Carolina, both' State part, doubtless, the result of the South'a advantages ofehipe, as well as Potosi and Scott. May Heaven speed you in tbe good work you have commenced."Thus we have given a few of the many reports thatcommon sense, with' aught accumulated that may be endangered by revolution, will be rash enough to favor any such violent change as is how proposed 7* From the tame paper:with each other.Georgia will also call a State Convention before the4th of March, and the almost unanimous opinion and feeling here is that South Carolina, Georgia, Alabamaschools also there are a considerable number of young been industrious; when their wheat crop failed, they Metropolis will unite in indignantly deprecating theand workmen. The system of inspection put in opara- tion for several months past with respect to certain blanches of the General Administration, has produced good results. The Custom-Houses, having Directors and assistants capable and honest, will also henceforth be under the inspection and effective control of special officers who will be charged .with rigorous execution "of the laws, and who will extend their superintend-• CE>e value of tbe national currency as compared with guarantees to society the execution of the organic law. statements of the following persons 11 this effect:that of bullion is rising daily. With public tranquillity,There are all sorts of rumors in regard to secession and disunion movements in the South, but I cannot traceany of them to reliable sources. They are evident- ly maoufacured for effect. The report that the State authorities at Charleston, S. C , had taken posseseiou of Fort Moultrie is not credited. The Secretary of War would probably know-it as eoon as any one.There is a good deal of excitement here. Several extreme Southern men in office here have donned the cockade, and declared themselves ready to march S o u t h . • • ' • . .The election of Lincoln beingconceded, the questiondecency, and the public peace. nation of Federal office-holders in South Carolina leads to the belief tbat that turbulent State means somethiog. THE NEWS IN WASHINGTON*. " ' The current rumors of the seizure of Fqrt Moultrie are not credited here by the more candid and conservative, though prominent South Oarohn a'.s are said ty be inplanted it in corn. In most instances three or fimr dif- ferent crops have been put in the same ground, and all have failed. .ipants in the outrage, and it is to be presumed that dueprocese of law for theirjarrest is already iu the lianascalled for by every consideration of manliness, justice, of seceding if oircussed in every circle. The resig-Tlie Star giveB detailed accounts of the doings in the Federal Capital on the night of the election. Weconsultation with high functionaries here.• The Constitution has a brief article on disunion, said to have been written by Mr. Cobb, which is de- nounced on all hands. Both eveninc papers are out with able articles against secession, and for^sustainiugLincoln's administration.The Stat<:*, which a year ago, during tiie Harper's Ferry excitement, openly advocated an attack on Re- publican buildings, to-day severely condemns the dis- graceful outrage of last night. A large eonservativs feeling pervades all minds here, save only a few ex-light-haired chap called out vociferously for anybodystreets.. Corwin's letter to Hedges states that there is nowere in the upper story quietly w g ^ din oun?eiSg••RICHMOND, Va,, Wednesday, Nov. 7,1860.No doubt is entertained here that Alabama willTHE NEBRASKAFRAUD. l\a sAkiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 