 .theyencourageIlast year the Pro-Slavery Party have been growing'w«pn«iimiHPp«iq«p*mmmm"^ "W^"^W TMp^yV^MSIV^'^STiiPgpw'raM^ed te tb* Tno* BidMlnc. MMbw Ban Pitt, oo Fark-nw, Spraee and Kama lU.the CityeWnify the slave-owner, which Mr. Badoik here too happy to reach the coast with his life. The forie. Gratitude in his vocabulary means aMoletitGroceries were inactive. Cotton was in moderate mmiliiT»o< artniBC—PriseTwoCum,icrTadat u>* requestw.ereWhisky advtoanaced a shade. Hay andagentMexico, livelyTke N«W-TO«K HUM (D»Uy) la paWtahedyw tw. ooptoa TH».a Doiua* : «"^'~ !^» "^i: «ri»«r.r«/$l ««* .»-Ul««w« «» "<TM Mjw/ortoni. SMii-W'wt/yandTTMHjraenttoClerfymenattheloweatthe originalforof the idea ofpaying Iforth Iers meet in England, and, presto, the Ex- litical disappointments, or to carry their parti-isuggestion slaves to Mr.prosecutionCAlfAL-8TBaE»>irb. 3M—WHRUMK'a Fua SAUan then authorized to talce an authenticated copya Unioncept such a proposition if it shall be made as made at the Union meeting in Georgia on the»i On fAHpoM.KEWS OFJTHE DAY.The &ct that the South is not altogether given money in the Treasury.amendment covers powertating the country. Those who read his speech,published in the TUKS last week, will have no of his lost property, without getting rid of anydifficulty in believing that at least one conserva- of the odious and irritating circumstances tive toice will be raised in warning against pre- which attend the enforcement of the Fusitive cipitation. In Baltimore, yesterday, the secession Slave law. The amendment contemplatedthe of the slave-owner, but rterely rtdvantageis now anxiety Is felt in negotiation, for whatever the viewcaptainoutrage.politics proof the law, Itith ail its power ;and prestige, i> gen-was rebuked in a significant manner. A. . whatever,It is evident, however, that trouble is brew-—ing in that quarter, and whether it has yetactually broken out or not, we may expect toand Mr. Stephens for Union men —both pass :deteriorating fluence, and in Wards embracing the most re- spectable and Intelligent classes of our citi- zens, it will be found thit the wires of politi-spirit palmetto flagi ^""^smothered in Southernpletely Kansas,displayedwas rabnked immed^tely by the display of the posed rather a sulratitute for, than an amend-clear, too,theyorigin partially,bybringarrayederally held to be suffidem to -restrain evil.doer*, andstars and stripes from all the other vessels in port.Hon. EDMU^D Bc»W!f, of Virginia, as we learafrom oar Richmond correspondent, has returned while the Constitutional obligation is com-the Union or by secession from it.Both —from Booth Carolina, having failed in his efforts towhile the slaveholder is satisfied,that theydirecuyby remaining in the Union and demanding it at the hands of the General Government.Iporters to abandon it.The amendment found'56 and '57, which wassuspendedfor ;i time by thr.the approbation of nearly every conservative Iany such proceedings.they could feel the slightest pleasure or confi-dence in voting. But as the same system has more troublesome, and the Republicans have treated turned out the nominee upon the other side, the matter so easily, that the slave party have seemed:*"many voting against it,and with already committed two or three acts of vio- lence, one of which ended fatally, and with having made a speech proclaiming his purposeTheymore steerage passen- 4M^-seven —remain seatedIon thegroundspirit qfJackson, and declared with him the Union bill is to be metworry and did leave. Time passed, and at length the Pro- Slavery men gradually stole their way back again, and in some cases endeavored to dispossess Free Slatesomewhat unusual a consign- pecie.men,havingthe Unionists of the South in 1832, when they rallied around the standard of Gen.r tanning to get at the truth in re- to tbe Dew Rubles in Kansas. It will be—"passports, thus forestalliiij; him in his ilemnnd fur them, which was made a fnw minutes latur. Thus diplomatic relations between the two couulries are entirely suspended, and the matter in dispute jjucs before Congress for adjudication. Mr. Cass sent to the Peruvian Minister a courteous note, regrf;t-which it was offered as an amendment.—and on that point he makestheir own candidatethere is nothing left for less ignoble than the old Blue Lodges of Missouri, and "ting pnrsned.We are in receipt of advices from J,i:iiaica to the31st ult. The British war steamer Iraruy. cele-ter would be specially unfortunate just at honor and self-respect. Is to demand the unconditionalpoliti-These are evils inseparable from the Districtsystem, and can only be cured by an amend- made lo a.=sasfinate him—the last ordy last Saturdaybrated for her capture of Walks!:, and the Hydra,had arrived at Port Roya) with their ere\v> deci- I'.Ai^i;) ];. ijf North Carolina, tie declared that,three occasions, in as many weeks, attempts have beenmated by vellow fever. Tlie di-easc had spread in his ji!'..';:;ment."the principle of the amcnd-ment to the Charter, providing that all .Alder- men and Counrilmcn shall hereafter be elected on a general City ticket. This will, to a verynight.Misscuri. too. has a finjer in this work. In severalwasfearedthattheeontagionwould mi'ntofi<red reach Kingstvn. The sickly crews were finallyThe Mexican News.Mexican advices per Tennessee, at New- make the t!oi-e.tninmt coniptl that mdemnift/, efen toashore, and itfriendfromin (he Constitution which provides for the ren- dition of" fujjitives from labor," is to depend for its enforcement upon the Federal (Govern- ment, or upon those of the several States into which the and findMaryland (Mr. to Haliiax in the steamer Baraconta. Pi.Airjis free from all objection." Hu then Two Cuban slavers had been captured and had ent(-red into the question, whether tlie clausewec.onver-'^aiii)n in all the do^ecriet and saloons to bedispatchedbeentakentoPortRoyal. Theyhadbothlandeil their cargoes on the Island of Cuba, and, it is pre- sumed, were retummg to the Coast of Africa. The political news from Jamaica is unimportant. TheOrleans, which we published yesterday morn- ins, confirm the report of the capture of Guadalajara by the Liberals, and indicate that tlie victorious fotces, with increased numbers, wUl march upon the City of Mexico.the seizure the ofthe aiul uj^fntting IStatc,.elected, nothing anywherealthough for,^ythe slightest dispositioninjusticehealth was bad and fevers greatly prevailedof the South will give favoraMo consideration and strict moral could respectability principlesonce on the same bu^inese, and or-pnblicthroughout the island.pears that success still attends the movements to the suggestion nf arcepting pecuniary in- to receive a majority indorsement at the hoperecently, caringfcarizations are known to c.vist there for that sole ob-Advices •from Utah to the 2d of November reach fugitives may escape pro- "and the Constitutional thoughOur citizens have been fired upon by these mau-ns in our correspondence from Salt Lake City. tection. He insisted that this clause is ademnify recover them.people.Councilmen be nominated, not asThere had been a considerable fall of saow through- out the valley, followed by cool weather. Noprovision of a Constitution establishing a Gov- ernment for the people of the United States ;"nowmittees of their respective parties fur the Fort Scott Courts alreadyof consequence han been done by the snow, as the crops had all been harveste<l. Bbig-have a nationaldaioage"character,it is not a stipulation in articles of a confederacy or league, by which States, as tour to the Sonth. His particular destination and distinct corporate bodies, or sovereignties, orTliere is one item of hitelligence in the New-Orleans dispatch which deserves more ing Dayand men have been known to boast that Pro-Slaverythey could always succeed there against a Free-State man.1 have thus premised, that the (bUowing iteoi of and it might, doubt- news may be the better understood. Ob SaturdayKlders Kimball and WBLL8, with a select company, had started on awhole City, and a better class of selections cannot fail to be made. At present, it is theexceptionHAM YouHO, accompanied bybasiness were not generally knov»n, b\it itthat he mtended visiting some ol the new HonnonsettlemenWinthatregion. An.issocia-is about as dismal a bit of literature We refer to the rob- as we have met for a long time. It soundsthoughtthing for I'lic another It is a part of theand fit;carry it into execution." storm of Saturday and Sunday, as we uponIt creates a dutydispel the illusions which seem to have possessed the mind ofthankful for.that they were in collusion with white men.doesjnotfromtheir merits,Thewere led"to expect from the first telegraphic re ports, was one of the most severe which has oc- curred on the Lakes for many years. We have dispatches irom Buffalo, Oswego, Sackett's Har- bor and other points, giving lists of the vessels lost, and those which .have suffered disasters, sowar,tion success togTMtfar as are known. The number is quite formi- dable, and must involve immense losses to the in- surance offices.the (?ovemment is vested with power to ex- ecute, and which the Goveruinent is bound to execute."He contended that the pasi^agc of laws in pursuance of tliis clause in the Constitution is;pUot him a trial andiqg tha year.juvenile highwaymen were sent tothe House ofgratitudeof Oct 23. under the column intelligence from the NaUona. Capital/'those whot eral others, calling themselves a "number of young deny Teabdscsthe Railway Shares, New-York Central closing taking refuge under the opposite theory of BBAO, the agent of the bondholders in Mexico, ical opponents, will constitnte qnite a starSIngTHE KAH8AS GROSS KXAGGKRATIONSmarket steady. ForeignJ^ |Ui0'g0rH fimts. 744 Money Exchange ConstitutionalRW-TOBK, TUESDAY, KOY. 17, 1860. TBS H»W-TORK TIHB8.ar.d his movemenU. In theSummer of 1868,from theTBOVBIJBS.ordinary routine of awithout the California arrival ofage of 11187,59,000 The Loans volved upon the State Governments. For, tak- from Mexico by the Miramon Government. We cannot think that this Proclamation ofofCarolina. By referring to the Appendix to to afibrdSpecial Dispatch to the Vew-ToikTimM.the ticket-swindler Smethurst was ac-ouittod, sod one or two minor cases of larceny Lheywere dJspoMd of. The Couit adjourned very me for the loss which has occurred in conse- eariT At Chambera oi the Supreme Court, before quence." He continuesJu^eHoaMOOM, » motion was made by Jon.K-pay an indemnityBeifnge,cannot be,Judge elect, to have a de- Mm before election vacated.of their rights."leaviagH. MoCoHN, Esq., CkyftnU^aken afsinst mBingtilar avermenU were ^n^e opposUioiisupportduty is that of the United bondholders in rewarding this faithfulthose who have, m uponIn ^the Surrogates Court demnityto come ? Thethe loss results from aser- took favor and honored himbe returned the foUowlng replyHABKisDcaon, Pena.,:Nov.stuffs."While I shallnot presume to be one of" fiitlymoflonof thephuntiir. was admiued thewiUofMxiflABHqWPWDOTStatesthat dutyIndemnify, it must be in this very case."edness andfollyThis will be rather ase<«nl. «e- ea. afto probate, dUposing o* a'«tote;—and weskeleton of Mr. Bauokii's able and trenchant will not attempt to explain.Tlie same may also be said ofpleasantprominentgenUemenm eUhrei doChurch, amounting in all tO several thousani. dollars.but a There is a mystery about all this whmenVcent. than.the advancedprice*fugltiTeBadgbb,It U the duty of this Governmentolabratca. SpecimenTBK TOCES FOB CALirORNIA ia pabUaM ao tha Thirty-Tirst Congress, where the whole debate adopted for that purposelawsarepassed,andtroopsGovernment,weapproachmorecloselyto the Charterdeparton of eTei7 MaU iteanar. Piloe, Im wiavyeia, on the beit will be seen are marched, and military posts are established. Do Otwat from the censure cast upon him. In a Election, and see more clearly the calibre of of the Kansas dlfflcnlties. I found, report*flT« eeau for lingle ooplea.that thewith a Senatorfewmonths,the MiramonGovernment gra-the candidates selectedbyawait the facts before judging the matter.Umiproposition originatedfaili larariaMy la adraaea.All Mtaia to be addTCMSd to H. J. SATXONDout to be ineffectual, and theseare robbedJudge WiuiAXS, who haa lo deceived the public Is aand that•If the United States is not toEngland presented " with a massive silvertoken of respect and" As one of humiliation and supplication, pot omit- men uncoxmected with but desirous that any organizationting in our prayers the expre.<'.&ion of the hope of devoting themselves to the work of eradicatiugsas. The farmershome consumpUon. Those whoTm-subject maywe bold that. If these arrangements for protection turnthe various Nomi- nating Conventions, we are more and moregiven aecordiflgly bytheCourt, togetherwiththe legal expcHses incurred by the claimant in.AVD SLAVBST—the of bis claim. The claimant isWe this publishof the record, which, upon being presented toan Aldermanic District is made up of a few wards chiefl^ occupied by grog-shops, emi-Maplztos, Kansas, Monday, Nov. I», ISH. Affairs on the Cherokee neutral lands have a loll sfLtw .while a delegation are absent to Waahlng-the Secretary of thethat officer isand influentialvery State. The speech is very able, and will re-directed tothe same to him out ofpay anyacontradiction to thethat have reached us from Southern Kansas.He denies that any such acts of violence have bytenements devotedtoIt will be seen that thisthis morning. Hon. Alixandxh H. the whole taken us»as to theover to the Secessionists will be gatliered from ourmostignorantofthelaboringclasses,it iscompactness but natural that the representative selected by the result of thiswbtchdispatches8TEPBBNS. it will be seen, has been unanimouslynominated bj the citizens of Taliaferro County, Ga.,aa Delegate to the State Convention which is soonto meet to discuss the grave questions now agi-groundby subjec^•theSouth,with more directwas displayed by an association call- themselves the " Southern Volunteers," and itAnd theof a vessel in the harbor, who of enforcing the law arises. Our suggestionthe aame flag at his masthead, covers both these -grounds. We have pro-ingprovoked only groans and hisses from a largeiventured toasay syllablecrowd which collected around it.It is sity of the State, in the view of both, was a of those who makea fession, and comprehended by those at a distance. The lu^estjit.improbable,Fortdent states that no such attack has been made.over thewhile it differs The object ofwe have••.-.a- . .. .1. ..•— yettheyment to the Fugitive Slave law;so that,of the Territory.Our correspondent statesstake City themselves to encounterKansas should be an to this exceptionby myTreasury,prominentlawyersof thatofas to tlic mode of applying it.Mr. Pratt, and those who concurred with him, was simply to insure to the master the valuethan other anydocumentof kind theCongressbeen committed as werethe whole story as a fiction from beginning tosuch a constituency should not be remarkablewas mdifferent to the conscientious scruples and the deep-seated moral convictions of the Northern people, out of which all the difficultymade Union speeches—the conscience and the moral sense of thearedivisions of the Pro-Slavery and the Libertygeneral principle It may require more apaee to iUns- trate than can here be afforded.holders go to the theatre, or the opera, to a it was in the main settled in the Noithem poftton.a ball or sociable; they look over the last The same as there, it was tlie conflict between tlM power of Slavery and those who believe Libertf ta be French prints in their libraries, or listen to tlie Inalienable. The Free State men were about becom- last Italian air as rendered by their wives or ing masters of the field, when, in February of ISM.plied with, —on theconciliatory objectsngea as ha»e hieen attributed to Capt. Most-OOMKRT and his band will be doubted after a peru-sal of our correspondence, which gives a TCsumc have found much favor among Northern as prevails among the settlers at the refusal ofcreed are expected to support him.for under whateverin ourtime past It will be seen that the trouble is simply lia.vc been difRrcnt. Asitwas.it met with a tenewal in Southern Kans.-is of the old feud ofarc contemplatedof the condition of aflairs in the Territory for some wcH as Southern men, and the fate of it might the President topoliticalHe may not be the man of their choicetoMr. Pratt uryed theamendment, and insisted that since the peo-calls attention,the following suggestionof the Norththe necessity which had arisen for liie course with the constitutional obligation to returnon several occasions ordered some of our best citizens toleave thellie lossesinp- speocli in ity favor was made by Mr.peopletheysustain.lentexasperationpublicwas political comniunities, stipulated to do some-than a passing notice.bery by the church party in the City of Mexico ofthedepositsbelongingtoBritishbondhold-more like a chapter from Lamentations, or from the querulous questionings of Jon, thanwhere we find a thoroughly good" Teiichers' As- Constitution of tlie ('ovcrnment, and, tike Deseret lichoolof a Christian City, to the grateful duty of renderingless, after thedegreetion known as thesociation" had been formed at Salt Lake City, theand lodged with the British Legation for safe keep-a summons from the ChiefMagistrateof which is to promote the advance- ment of education, Ac. There had been numerous cases of horse stealing in the Territory, some of which had been traced to Indians, who allegedavowedThe Ma3aor protests that he can see nothing to be -objectthanks to the Giver of all our blessings.every other part, was intended to be accom-panied by. and is accompanied by, adequate powers in the (Jovernment thus establLshed toers, amountinging. This act has a deeper significaice thanhas occurred in thechangesuggestion,greatestindignation—State,accomplishpropriate or better understood than the becomiiu; nameofPro-Slavery, ThenamethendisclosestheImportancepossible to prevent any outbreakhave committed tMree mur- ders, besides attempting it in several instancesInorthey havein"the Government," he continues, " which Republic,Freedom from pestilt nee and bountiful harvests, employed and rewarded industry, the health and happinessnot a fulfillment of the obligationsof the Gov-to hisexpectationsand de-taken the same party, and acquitted for want of byernment. Laws are mere parchments, and bill was the main subject of debate, are worth no more than old almanacs untilBut Mexico is exception to this general rule. We willA Cobbection.It wUI not be strange If other (imUar seenea which was are heard of soon. Democrats are looking wild abostThelast evenmg, in the Board of Aldermen, It occu- areSomething has gone wrong with Fernando.that theJapaneseentirelyrightsayingreportin force.fiuiteidon calling on the Committee to furnish all the fugitive is enforced, the duty is discharged misery uponhas missed that he counted on. somethingbut little time, however. In oflering a reso- they putnot go back of the present revolution to depict lie Mexico through the line of conduct pursued threatenentertainment. Alderman it be not Congress mayof a peared originally in the Tikf.s and not in theef«*•expensive97,0Wto the Infants' Home. >In the Board of hisgriefshe been buying stock, orHerald. The error arose from a mi^app^ehension on our part of the note accompanying the card,GoaiMsilmen a resolutionfray the funeral expenses of Lieut. Thomas K.appropriatingslave has licen lost.'itatetlic instrumentali-oltheNew-Yorked. Also, a resolution appropriating if'lM each to the sfit Clerks of the Board for extra services dur-lawless gle "SOIMUF^S,Volunteers,wasofliieheand matter. The PVAiV,to do them whose notice of theth.tJ""TM*'^,""/^ "» ^,failure to discharge,"'21,1*«0.enforced, then,to bolt ? Or are hisCaBdittan •f Kmaau—Aelaal SmtTertngmhavethedutyis not dis-HasMeBaaree ef MAPiiToir,It is a source of surprise^250 to de- that it is nothing to the owner whetheroriginal bypolitics. The Mayor is mad be- all the other parties concerned, that we have notNov., ISW. to marty, as well asadopt-ty iriob.s.andin this error was perfectly correct, will, we trust, do us the justiceaggravation,IS^n n,:srepreseaUUon,«.dYou In the Court of General Sessions ve-'terd.iy two ried out, and to see that impediments to theenough^was the open and active partisan ofthe Church fection in its worst acts, until the cry raised by his outraged countrymen forced the homerecovery of my property are removedfor him to say"->f-» ^"^ "^ the suffering now mIt isarc bound to see that the Constitution is car-seescannot advisecount, he advises the people generally to de- to copy this explanation.attributingenforcingIi this any new principle t Has It not always Agent is the humble servant of the Ex-Minis- san malignity into their religious devotions.uponnumbenforvaidadoaappUaatiSB. the Congressional Globe, first session of the from Indian hostilities and violence. Measures are stripeswhich it wouldap- propriate as the old titles of Pro-Slavery and Free-j1':insists are imposed upon the Federal Govern- ment.sense of favors to 'come,—and as heSacked—Re Imslen otI:its obligations, in ways been acted upon.Ithe " Old Dominion," with the secessionmovement. From Washington, we continue to re-ceivenimois relative to changes in the Cabinet. It North may be at the, same time relieved from section of the State are by no means healed. And both agree that if it is refused they wUl \<i watt somewhat positively asserted that Secreta- the intolerable burden. In a word, we pro- Tlie Leavenworth Times, on the other join the Disunionists and pronounce for im-pollsniglijIn a word, thls-ia the casetracted a year or two later In Southern Kansas, afteridentifyParties, and that the, old animosities in thatof a primary election.ly CoBB,-and probably Secretary THOiiPSON, will an additional and better reasonsoon resign their places. There seems, however, posetcrbe no certainty about it yet. A report that fugitive slaves should be paid for, than those That paper says that they are kept up by rival sons for their course, that the delay will ena-Judge Takkt had resigned his seat on the Bench assigned by Mr. Pratt, Mr. Badoes, and otherThemechanics have no ambition to have theirthe whole diiBculty was suspended, by the of passagathe famous amnesty act For a time all parties ob-oftheSupremeCourt,is pronouncedtobeprema- ture. He will not vacate his seat until the ques- tion of his successor is definitely settled. He hasgangsoflawlessrascalsandvagabonds,more intent on plunder than principle, and that Slavery and Anti-Slavery are only pretences todaughters.middle classesanddecent eyessupporters of his amendment.The debate on theof this amend-the Southern States and give far greaterblackened and their clothesin anpeace.voting,principledestroyedno idea of allowing the appointment lo go into the ment extended through two days, and was at cover their real The Times is severe strength to the disunion movement. handsoftheRepublicans. ThesteamshipColitm- designs." arrived yesterday from Charle.ston, length terminated by rejecting the proposition, upon MoxtCiOmery, charging him with havitig Ha, whichest type of Unionism. It is not at aU in therefraining from organized a band of 150 the bill, and cause some of its warmest sup-to a science.their firesides, with their families, ortheir heads in calculating how the next tax-orthat it would embarrasstionAmnesty act, passed by the Territuri.il l.ej:ib!ature Southern man in the Senate, and was only It is quite clear that we must await further peremptory demand of the South, Mr. Lin- |inI8fi8.coln can be made to enforce the laws. The actual state of affairs. Meantime we hope nullification of the Fugitive Slave law is thethe President will take.'.hantioned by thcni from a conviction that it sent to Mr. Zejarha. the PeruvUm Minister, his would endanger the success of the bill toadvices before we can formof theso far as only specific grievance to which Mr. Hillthemselves the victors of Southern ^t*""" who is no whit better perhaps not so good as They have combined under a secret organlzation..aoThe Slutc DepartmPiit. at W;i.shii!s;tuii yi:*terday|mind and ren- ple, and to enforce that demand. And, If It be neces-sary, call out for this purpose the whole power of theGovernment, even to war on the rebellious State and when a State shall allow a fugitive to be rescued in her jurisdiction, and carried beyond the reach of ttie owiier, require hir to indcmnifif the owner, an:ttoImagineBut the load-of theder still more diflicult the restoration of peace-at all.has been scrutinized by oar active citizens, but not Capthas been a partlculir object of their threats, and onof hisand also to appease any just resentments of the settlers. Any demonstrations of violence in that quar-'•tliatwould ratherthan opposechief element of the party.say, then, that for theScott," regular nomination," and that all men of hisThe Times adds that the postponeguise Slavery attemptsconstruction, by which the duty '•departureheld firmer, but still low and irregular—lOJ to 106on Ix)n(lon. The Bank return shows a Specie aver- of returning fugitives from tt&w" is de- Mr. Whitmkad was Ignomlniously expelled Thanksgiving service.ANDWiUiaau' — Stitratentyesterday morning. now actually standjll!7,174.000 or $4,656,0(|0 above the average of ing that doctrine to be correct, and the States He W88 made to run the gauntlet bot^ween the the Mayor does much credit either to bisPSavgsaiOWlast week.Flour, Wheat and Com attracted more attentionat rising prices. Provisions were rather quiet.become bound by all the obligations to indem- City of Mexico and Vera Cruz, and was only head or his heart. Piety evidently is not his Judge—Fort BeottMit Attacked—Ceorti natCMwa«e«k, malledSnDoiXAasajear. _^ Hops purchased fair extent. Most other In further illustration of his views, Mr. Church faction that expelled him from the horizon, he has nothing to be grateful for.TheNBW-TORKTDttflbranchesoftradewereessentiallyunaltered. Badger and Mr. says that the principle of iademni^- country,massofour even people,fromthevf Aflkirs la Territory.(S<>»«-'^«*'»^ri^!i^Otwat, the English Fortunately the greatto Par for ing those who suiTer injury in consequence of Minister who mocked at him in hii cal- if they share his apprehensions, are somewhatOrigin of theFnEltire Slaves.A TmeProposition We were scmewhat mistaken inButthe laws, has al- and the expelled Agent of the bondhold- not inclined to reproach heaven with their po-the failure of the with Government to complyamity.shortly,the recalledMinisterless biliousanddismal about them. are TheyStatepaeattfe«l)een actedprotect!in, under certain clrcumatancos,He?ter.the Miramonthe lauds and vindicates Mr.individi|alsfe CO., from Maryland, Mr. Pratt. On the 20th of or whom we are we are ciously permits the expelled Agent of the bond-a peace-offering by the Northern States. Affairs in Kansas.morning16th inst. by Hon. B. H. Hill, one of the mostin their efforts to seize upon power. While Correaporutence qfthe New-York Times :1 by reference to our duspatchcs this morning, favor chiefly among the Senators from the to free the the Ifissouri and Ar- shall be preserved." And the fact that these" Meantime the primaries arc held and the men from their claims. The friends of such menand measures," who had constantly remained here. mfichinery of Nominating Conventions put in invited such action, urged them to come back, axid operation. The respectable masses of the (}uartered th«a) in-hcn bore. As a^tch tfatngs have tleen progressing, the Slave party have been growing bolderand more insolentIn of this matter I can use no terms so speakingthat the late reports, based on the statement of negroes alongarecompelledto take thisground,Judge WiiLlAHS, are the grossest exaggerDtionx, Northern Slave States, while the entire North, kansas borders.The same paper says that gentlemenand unworthy of a moment's belief. The Jadge is together with the more ultra Soutlierncrs, op- the"wereAr an attack on and to avow themselves in favor of secession 'frightened old r!ot«rti," whose assertions are the production of a heated imagina-partypreparingand their intention was to seizer tTiausuTiuflt auiertb the of injtisttccpronoDnced to be atian.ThatthereisserioustroubleinKansasis propositiontakenintoviewthewider,moreanddestroytheLand-office.Ourcorrespon-longerwhich the South complains, differing firom the Disunionists only in first seeking redress by peaceful means, affords rather a striking com- ment on the extent to which the disunion feel-has come to pervade the public mind in the Southern States.Mr. Hill has strong faith that upon theonly learn from the morning papers thatposednot denied, but that there have been any fuch out- national and moreIt is notthat,hod^tluspartythis or the other politician has receivedOur Kansascorrespondent givesgrant boarding houses,tu City,forthepurposeoftlie time when the settlers fixedforthe2Sthinst. Considerableemphaticalarming reportsmustvacate,;bywronged bound to protect,riajiWefi «( tl»e K»ir-To«K Tnna. New-Yark Citj. August, 1850, Mr. Pkati moved to amend the under no obligation to make restitution T Why, our holders to return ; and, as the reappointed impressed with the necessity for some radical frightened old dotard, unworthy of credence. TUaAm—Mfl* torn >fmMa«>pending bill for the reclamation of,statute-book proves the contrary. Scarcely a session Agent of the aforesaid bondholders, back he change in our present system of City Govern- Court faaa not been molested. Fort Scott has aot—'« > Lismxouis—A Rasu- slaves by the addition of several—UOBA KK£NB'S THIATRE—Tea Sins Sisnts.Iattacked. Neither Fails nor any other place ta*imff^m aagit^w—»«"in which it is provided that if the fhgitive, after being identified, and proven to be the propertywe understand that the duty of this Government Is notlASJTlB*rerformed by, marching troops, not by passing 1»«-bbyseeking public trustwnrBB «jM>«y-HAiiijT.WAUiAOkV THKATBX—PLiiTixa wrea Fiu.HBW BOWIBT THKATBE—Taa Wohas is Whi«— against the District-Attorney, before the Cir-'WAixau,TBxBaao or Scotlahd.BOimtT THSATHK-rSFALSDia k Xoaias' Cixom.BABKCIFS KCSKUX—Day and Erenlns—Wut —AitM Cnuuv—Bo8x Eiaia.-recoverystolen.The seemstobe anactof thesetraitsinherseniorandjuniorboardsof tiary. robbery onlyBOOLMTns'STITOTB OF FINB ARTS, No. S» Broaawaj—Dca- vor of the claimant, theofdoing somethingto aid in estab-or markedimprovementauoav 9au.zaT—Jaatcs* Colucvon.upon damagesare ta beauthority any dealingsCouncil.SCHAC8' OAiXBBT, No. 6» Broadw^j—Thi " Cra- aaxai.^" Picruai.OOWPIL'S GALLEinr, No. "2 Broadway—Abam ak» Etb—Thi TinrTAiioB aid ibi Kzfcuiox.political organizationIs It tpeople iai-of the specifiedbe time, theetaimant,not delivered up %«-ithin athat endand we recognize the duty of indenmlfyliigandit with the British Le-furtive of w1th«ut evidencethatment. Wccannotsubmitforevertobesections,sented in have no otherCommon Council;.them,reported;all theirarm* have beea ia theother day we propose to continue our brief The Judge of the Court is directed to im- synopsis of this interesting debate, in whichvalue of the slave.but while the present AU such statements as Judge Wn.UAM8 has madeit will appear that the amendment of Mr. ti CAMPBKLL'S, NlMo'i Saloon—ErmoriM is directed to defend the suit on the part of Pratt, and the arguments ofMr. Badger,werepannel a jur>- to try the issues the ;tinue, it must be vain tonite wTong. Let theice or to his ignorance. StUl, it ia admitttdthe United States, and,ascertained by the jury, and jiidgment must bewarmly espoused by Mr. Masox, of Virginia,Mr. Undkrwood, of Kentucky, Mr. Atchison, lishingevents area fixed and stable in Mexico. selected to act as members of the Common citing uponus. WH.Attorney a verdict in fa-Us mal-Itet ex- HUTCHIIfSOM.'!municipal legislationdistrict-system of election is allowed to con- are vile fabrications, which are doing our.1Iof Missouri, otherFootk,Mississippi,byThe of machineryCongress passes furnishingtogoes Mexico, where, t)ie process time,in ofwith the assistance of the English officials, he squeezes firom the suffering country ssmething but arrangements for discharging our duty—means for 1 ke a million of dollars, English interestrepre- men whobeenbeen sacked. MoatsoiiKT'a party has not eatt(a< Mlssoori, and never intanded to, Not one cent teaand or are regulations upon parchment paper. Theythan to andobject andthepartiesprovidedintelligence, honesty, commercial honorshmld have;money, gation.depositsmonitions have been seat»ay bringcuit or District Court, for th« of the But we must desist for the present. An- This is the property which has (just been wealth,lattersuitwhen the means prove in fact insufBclent."for protectionofand—and who still command the high- est confidence of the conservative portions of the Southern people. The South ought to ac-Everywith thatMr. gentlemenofWe scarcely know what to make of these extraordinary contradictions. Our cor-with reference to either or publicprivatevir- theend.for,1 anypurposeandforth here and there, at intervals, like the pent-up volcano. The Influences that operate upon society here cannot be clearly defined, so as to behear of acts of violence andthathave theirseek to livethealtaratwhy hand, ascribes the troubles to other causes.as rear strongble them to prepare for resistance if it shall—become necessary, and that it will also uniterefuse to complyugitlve slaves, they should jiay the Soatliern present, because they would add to the preva- obacrvancr of tke Constitution by every State and peo-which' they failed, andpleneglectnatural and the surest to vindicate our remedy, wayful relation.?of the Liberals,Government is still surrounded by opposing in- fluences, there remains good ground to hope for its final supremacy.for their slaves in c.iie they fail to hands of theLet tiie Aldermen and ject.any thing of the kind that.lohn Bull, then Mexico willthat can occur in—the leadingfor submission to the consideration of the next Legislature.and if itwe thinkand for this reason it is that we wish acted asto a million ofdollars,nothingof a great people.all these count for nothingCharter Amendments whichIt is seldom that the British Government can be charged with shortsightedness injts poUcyblessings.'M,reported,and brandsentertained at It is Washington,— the land sales, andingany opinion precautions—it holds alucrative trade, and in which it maintains a teriy inadequatean serts.towards those countrieswith whichhung to the limb ofa Two other peraona tree.It ap-rofscd the line in il:e right time, more than(of the British bondholders leavesbreathing wrath and vengeance against the discovers nothing of the kind on the politicalHinMui S« Money WnwgfbBy Spent-^o irau*'But, 1b my opinion, the wisest policy, the most" If the delivery of the; if the crime and that have fallen Are the Aldermen stubborn ? Does Boole of that city, published by us a few days since, ap-this time, as if something had happened. R.VNDOI.PH.details of thatBTABRmade some very ugly strictures on the Tri.bune. His resolution was lost. Beyond the mereToutine business the only matter worthy mention charged." He offers numerous and striking country. It is sufficient to refer to the course real estate, or votes, or something else, on from the gentleman to whomwaa the adoption of a 'resolution to appropriate illustration.s of this proposition, and insists of the British Government towards Mexico which he cannot realize ? There's a fly mistake was made our«wnpassed,deeper sort?Keller. From Oor Own Oerr»spood"«-through (Governments, or ofiscause Lincoln isandyou are bound to indemnify inconsistency, the holders of Mexican bonds in gave him their votes. Let the day be kept, be TiowiBTS.Several —A letter signed by Jahxs RsorATB and sev- prominent genUemen, just arrived here from Kaasaa.;if Government to recall him. With a curiousvote thedaytoimprecations uponworld thatand if the United Stalesdifferent Societies and Iwwiehes ol the Lutheran Wc confess that we see no escape from the with diplomatic promotion on the continent. ing Thanksgiving Day. Cursing8»: the men whose Inmvophilon, youngfrom Kansas." I shall the above, and prononnpe it a baae ftMleof about $800,- 000. The testatrix maket a number of bequests toare ever botmd toway of spend- instead offorce of those reasoningsof gsiurday, on argument. They lose none of theii force byhave beengivettheyMr. Otwat, on his arrival, says,—Hiait's story about soUisrtBg in Kan-had short crops, but enongk fMrfor his ableto the bound, as in this case, I ask, from whom is the in- Not to be outdone by the Mexican British unpatlioUcaliy and ui. wisely infliclel these injuries attend a meeting at Tremont Temple, Boston, to rltorywhen the United Sutes isgratitudeviolati<):i ofthe Fcdfratronpart,us, may be the ouly AUj^^rtrs by Ikeiroicn wick- whichinvited<}ov. PAcaaa, of Pennsylvania,toprimarily and solelySlavery,"vant. Her Majesty's Government thennaines are attached to the foregohig letter, would better serve God and their by attending to their ownMr. OtwayintohighitledcDocuwww.fultonhistory.comvirtually acknowledgesthat just,LAwaaaci, K. T., via t LaATxnrena,Sunday, Nor. IL |Thewholecountryis hnposeduponhereceivedin were Mexipo^NeedofaNewCityCharter.retributive justice, though there is some rea-son to it have some effect in arous- hope maying the British Government to the absolute;necessitynation who hascountry is deeply interested in such a result.Unionism in Georgia.TRUE CONDITION OF AFFAIK8.THE CHXBOKEE KEITTBAL LAUDS—THE OLD OOK-pay perusal. It is exceedingly clear and a nameless business and for lodging-housesmethodical, and states the issue, as the presentedaasking postponeraeat ofunderstood here that the settlers never Intend to leave peaceably. Their forbearancehasbeentaxedtooseverelyalready. For some cause there is a general desire among them ta respondent is a resident of Kansas, reliable since, shows that the extreme and immediate day; and he can seldom fail to be most popular receive another visit from Col. Cowas. But I will not and likely to be well informed ; and, on the Secessionists have not entire possession of the who approaches most closely to the habits of pvirsuc a subject upon which everything that can beseen.Whi'e this speech, like that of Hon. A. H.as theofpossessor any very stringentnotionsStephens, which we published a few daysother hand, it seems scarcely possible that State, it also shows that the Unionism of those who are to vote for him.such statements should have been fabricated Georgia is of a very modified type. Mr. Hill But apart even from thissaid at present Is useless speculation.in- The embers of the fires of ';« and '57 are not com-seemneither of them in favor of the Unionfrombeginningtoend. Thefirstneces-to breakredress of grievances;only questionwhichmen those who have a in taxa- munity. Whyconnected with the these gentlemen insist that redress can be had tion —cannotmediate secession.ofThese he seemscertainminds of the —City—both Re-had been •ver since:—and theat least, in the old troubles and domestic feuds at issue was, can this be best obtained within they serve. The really rich and intelligent sustain the morality and virtue of any civilized oon-They urgein his cataloguegrateful for, hut only to be growled over as ut-and that heout hi open day at nine o'clock were—The Richmond1 care not what lawspredominating influence.H7;/jfisproof.officials andcorrespon- since the commencement of the present strug- somewhere in his pot of ointment. We sus- dent. We assure Messrs. Pbice & Co., as well asby EnglishEnglish tradersin thatPeeple—in 1868. It is known to all the world that pect it Mr. OrwAV, the English minister in Mexico,—to be thankful.omanyEastern:to God onac-preach towards of .L'a*te^*—argumentsaddressedtotheAlmighty cUviliet." or elsemadeMr. Waiis- as tlit bases of imprecations upon one's polit-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069These willfully,promhaent gentlemen"hUntiwecarousing, pjlitioalprayersupofbillingsgate,facts.;tue.The mostman will^ebetray plunder their constituencies been given toldmor hit men from the recant Eaateninpocket the profits of corruption. A City contributions. No arms orhas always a downward tendency, and the more a constituency is narrowed and localized, the speech greaterarethefacilitieswhichbadmenfindcarrycal machinery gradually pass into the handsthe forcesround theThe large property-The conflict waspopularvery possibly and probably may be the last man of their party in the whole district for whomitspurposes,there is no name moreap-and vote for a man of their own political faith, for whom they entertain personally but littleDuringthe lastyear theyhope in theany seriousserved the amnesty, and the country waa atWhile the contest was raging, both parties had effort to overthrow the rule of the rowdies, driven out of the country such of their enemies aa This, it must be confessed, is not the high- who have reduced the system of primary elec- came in their way. During the last portion of the time, the Free State men were in the ascendency, and by consequently Pro-Slavery men were ordered to leave,asmen representing Territory for years. I ckaUenge proof to the cob-a man not of their owncountryknowher people. One such rigid enforcetnent of the law- great extent, remedy that unfortunate necessi- till MTbcme of invading K:iii'n.<. iiiili.ny MctTTOMrKTprcperty of will secure univtr^il obedience."jund hi> party, and fcizi.ntr a iljoLi.-anJ and one ne- groes thu: ihcy iii.aprie arc liid ur.ilcr every bush inThis is an iirinortantintinatiin,no idle fi •lion, f'lr parries have ac-i*;^A Dismal Mayor.Mayor Woon's proclamation for Thanksgiv-foraverage of menpublic chargeit either toty for conciliating local infiuenccs. which nowcompels all parties to nuiuinalc doubtlal or Kan.'.H^. Thisand en-courages the belief that the ooiisiderale men bad men in districts where no man of knoHn tuallyincorrected in a card from Messrs. T. B. Prick & Co.,itwaa sent. TheTour issueWhat Gov. Paceeb Tbikks «* the Aeoli- ,meclal dispatch telltog theyou ha«aboplnCF?. JniiN Bapwc»Non,t*ra.)s-rightfully hanffpd. and nts nyfate fhould bKVLV. an.tnn; to others having biinllar pro- WM.f.PACKER,the—them but to make the best of a bad bargain, the order are known here as the Dark Lantemltes."respect, againstcal faith for whom they entertain no respect a given time. Every stepresisted. MoyrooKaarand their threats arc t>ecomlng more by constant and defiant In such a state of things, who local Conventions, but by the General Com- would dream of securing justice through our Courts.man nominated still remain to somewho lives on BUne Creek, ta Linn Countr, was visited by a Kansas party, eighteen in number, who iotroducetl have been made. But that the average of themselves by saying they were on their way to take when it became nec- Capt. MosisouaET, and he was aslicd to accompany them. He immediately eensented, secured his gas, and rushed into th* crowd, saying that he had already there can be no ques- been up twice on the same business, and had aacm The party then took him away, gave was rendered that he in inciting new troubles here, even had once shot at a cltUen to consider as only his due,—things not to be publicans and Democrats are now preparing of Mound City, intending to WU him. He was talMi tiie next moming,«tathewhich we advocate shouldcandidates wouldessary for the whole City to pronounce up^improveanight last, exception near the SuteFLICT BITWEXa TBEEDOMWHAT HIBSOCKIAKS ABI DOIKO, kC.of the bonier countiesrauding parties,Mr. Huma, line,proof positive engagedaredo not do so on account of the scarcity of bnat-ttiethia at our iuat cte^ hotels, enjoTtnc s paaUme is ths conpaoi;pro-the common of topicluatieatiBs«£-=thelate abjure all I* The Stock market was lower yesterdav by S'ffioGovrrpor of Peiui&ylvan:a. Hi, Jak£3 r.;;£rA'.u, B;>:>i.a. 