 *' 8'-;$150,000—and also upon, the influence of the publicjvunjals in defeating it, particularly THK TUIBUN-K, )o*1ng l>i a llatoftbe Inanrauce Couipanitjs who h»ve i«iu«dever, upon the fa*t that such a nobfe; report had been made on such pecuniary means.y<-Tbey show a business of..$1,947 50, and a balauce ia the treasury of $118 35. There have been 822 volunesv .;'::Steamship R."R. Cuylor, Crocker, Savannah, mdse. and p 11. B. <.,r<-.wwfll SL CO.114 lots n. w. corner 9th-»v. and 9l»t'»t , each... the7thRegime*,t,"appointedtoselectasultaoieplace' 4lotsn.e.cornertJroadwajandS2d-'st.,eachfor their Summer encampment, have reported In favor 4 tots s. e. cornerBioaaway and Wa-st., each.....•*>•••W« huve traveled, gentleman of tho Jury, through this caseinalltortuouswindings,throughthebeatentrackwhichleadsfrom ita beginning to. Us conclusion; at every point of observa-tleti, every circuniHtsncc, every incident points with a steady,unbending linger to tbix man of guUt. If you look for the darkmotive which urged him on, you find it there. If you look fortftt> means by which the minder wa» perpetrated, you find itthere. If you look for the cohduot'of a murderer endeavoring' ,lawyers who a'itend tbe meetings of the' New-York to e.scupo rihpouuibiiitj und conceal his act 8—if you look for thatand pa»s. to Ludlain &• ti*lnckon.SblpY oiksh re, Fairbaik*, ^lverpr>ol March 30, mdse- and3Wpass,toC.H.MarshsllitCo. Aprilis,lat.4<).58,Ion53tlwns *«» boarded l y a boat ff.m sbip Tra»on, from New Orleans far ! Liverpool, 21 d^js out; 89tb, lar. 89 45, lcn. 55 30, epoke the shijp Amciicnu Couc.rt.ss. h«nco !or London.1 Shin HutLbolat (Ham.), Boysen, Honiborg March 13, mdse.' and 62 pars to u. K. AmsiLck. Had heuvj westerly winds the wbo!« passage; lost and split sails, &c.Ship M-soliite, Freeman, Liveipcol March 30, mdse. and pass. to WiilisrnM U Guion.Sblp ^mo/on, Hovey, Loudon and Portsmouth Marah 26,., md»e.toE.E. ftloritnn. ,bbip Charlotte, NwsmlUi, Liverpool March 17, mdse.jto Nes- mith It Sons. Hud hvavy westerly Riles.Bark Patmos (of Buckt-port), Buck. Liverpool Marrh 9, mdse. to R. P. Buck & Co. April 30, 2 p. m . tat. 400, Ion ti5 19, savr a^ lsico steamer boUDd E., having two p'pes; May *, !•* 40, 20, Ion. Tl 50, saw 'sk-anisbip J^ammonia, henoe for Southampton and Hamburg; April 16, on the Uaoks, spoke ship Casildafr bound E . Badconstantwesterlywiodsthewholepasssge.Bark Chance (Br., of Ooole, E»g>, M«o«ar, Sunderland 70 days, coal to H 4: R. W . Meyer. March ?4 1st. 42 37, Ion 27 7, spokebarkAbb'i,ofandforAmsterdam,fromBatavia,107days out: same time, saw bark Castill*.'Steering E ; April 2l, lat. 38 5, ion. 61 12, exchanged sisnals arith the bark Cosuack, steering E . ;|whose tenor since the article of the 8th of March, which epoke of the adoptipn of the bill as a means of saving many lives.of citizens and mu?h money, had indicated the authorehip of a 4iffereat .person, who did not know as much about what he was saying as the one speaking before him, or wrote after " some other influence than the sanitary measures of the bill prevailed.'' This last remark being con- strued by eome es charging THJC TRIBUNE with briberyand corruption, Dr. Giijcom repudiated the idea. "Wetniore, however, undated that the press had been recreant to its dnty on this question, that it was now so, and that it always would be so, and desired that this opinion ahonld be made known by the reporters if they felt disposed to give him credit for the remark.rope-walk, which we learn proves a total loss: .•iWbat evidence is tnere of instiuctive madness In this caae ? T oo idea itself ia a Strang* one to the friends and acquaintances of her .life- But they prove her madness, tbej say, by her melancboiy. Vblch sho vu a predisposition to suicide. They say tbat she had t motive to commit suicide—that she ma^e declnracions to thatintent Lastly,thatItwasnereiii-.aryinthefamily.,' These points wero fully, entered into and disputed by the pros--,'eciuor, referring to the evidence Riven by th<j Harden family thtniHt lveH. lie air«cted tntir. attention to tho-fact that the great miiKs ol evidence produced by the defense to show the mo-•roso temperament of ilie deceased was ihe testimony of persons "who had litile iui«<rcour»o with her, seeing her once or twice ia company, and could not nave been tuorougsly acquiihtcd with her. 'Jibe fact that with strangers she wa« quiet, uneomiuuntoa-tive was no argument of a predisposition tp suicide. The case•g«-ut]n.«:iimusthei»veryMtroiiuoneto induce yon to believe rlThe meeting was subsequently addreassd by the- Eev. A. H. BURLINGHAM of tbe Twenty-fifth street Baptist Church; tbe Rev. JOSEPH STLOCKBRID^H, Chap- lainatthe New-YorkNavy-Yard; audthe Rev.luxA1 large gore on s. w. corner Dtn av sod 89th s t , 24.^x463 4 lois u. e. corner 9th av. ana H9ih s t , eacn4 lots s e. corner d'.a av andtfOtn»t., eavh4 lots and gores leat oi above, each.., ,r,ia; next Texan; bext Washington and Oregon Ttrrt lies, neit the Atlantic Coast of Florida and lowest Now-M.exico. In Iceland from 1827 to 1&87., • there was not a single case of CoueuUipJtioD. It was tho same in Labrador and Green land, and was vcty rare in Upper Kussia Persia and Algiers wero tiDguiarlt free from it. Consumption. was moro prevalent ia Gibraltar and-Malta than iu. ».i ii i m i w H I M O l .—: — — •- -r• •} ; • • • ;— • • - ^• aSt%••'•.'-•• ;•-••••- ••'••iii saasa^cz.j.i^,. _ijE_!-• M.Darler Cbapio, Iv Tbisstres, by Ihe'Rollo'sVourin Ei toriea,,» ' T h e Kloi lowing volume*:). Aboriginal Ameri X Diseovtryof An a Tbe Soathsrn Co 4. TheN;rthemCo.*. Tbe Middle Colo) €. RevoltoftheCol< I It Is tbe retentionAncerissn history si tl «ni eomftry, a t*j mr asUT. JACOB A eel exsentfoh of thesr i: ••4 lots s. e. corner 10'.h av. an<t92d st., each 4 lots n s 91st »t., rear u above, each.. 32 lots n. sftrlst s t , adj ihlug, each6 lots n. t. 91st at-, adjouiin^, eacb8 lots »: ». y2d si., adj>;ii)i»tf, eaoa ,14 lots s. H. S«d at., ajjoinlng. e*nb4 l<ts s w . corner »th-av. ano 92d-st. each.. J..<lotsn.w. corner9th-av.andStst-st 1 c*ch...4 lot* s w corner 9th-av. and 92d-st., u a o i i . . . .alarmed, naturally so; ordern Wooftrufl to spring up, run for the DbJglibors, find a horse, and bilng\\ doctor; while the hiuiband stand* qoietly by, behololng hla'torturedAvife. His Htatemont, If true, Bhows him »o bo little loss, guilty than if the murder were aoinitted His etlbrts to hasten tbe outlol, to avoid un examina- tion; playing his lust card In his statement before the coroner'a inmieat; then, instead of standing iifee a mau, runs uway like a thief, tir , tbeie is no use in mincing this matter; call a spade a ' •^ade. . '• ary, December, June, July, Ijbvember, August,' Sep- teruber, October ia the order in which the months, stand, commencing with tbat bou which tbere is the greatest number. In Octobor. there are only about lour-iiftbs as'many deaths as in March. Amougcccupa- toins, tailorB are most liable to Consumption; then co QUO shoe makers,*'locksmiths, phvsioians, gardeners, butch- ers, and lawyers. Tbe liability of the tailor ia more,tha|nfourtimesasgreataatbatofthelawyer. This rule does not, howeyer, apply to those lawyers who practice in the New-Ydrk Supreme Court,-wbere the air is so foul, as <to induce tuberculous Consumption ia a very short time. Nor does the rule apply to those>*toad for the L*si> few months has been nnable to le*ve his home, though his intellect remained clear to the last.-. Dr. Maclay came to this jcity many years ago, and has been identified with the .interests, of the Bap- tiet Ciiaich here for over half a century.WHAT DXPUTTUNITED STATES MARSHALS DETAINby the last Legislature. The report elicited a Iengtny and heated uiscussion, bufwas dually adopted. The Committee appointed to revibe th«> b>-laA?« reported the amendments made by tbem. They were ordered ts be laid on the table, and 250 copwe printed lor the use of members.AmemberofthePoljtechnicClubstatedthattha^i body had Vaken action regarding the expediency ofex-Aid. Bonnon.SEAB1NG—SEARINGdence of tho bride's father, by thu Bev. Samuel B Ely, Samuel V. Searing to *ii»s. Annie A. Searing, all of this city.With TWENTYOne The designof this Series ofJAmsrican easy si 3le, narra'. ing Intland, from the e Ceidaxt ii widely luXnslaad,andherw< Tbeie vclum«-«.wi HOME CIRCLE,And as a READ! •. i.ef these interested i X aslled to them, as b«,'X8OoumrxjurwTWto H* THE IKTXRIOK OT TfflC ST A TX.ithe battle being KIfEW-YOKK'kilLY fRIBTJNE,FRIDAY,MATT4,I860.Jjonaihan S. Burr. Edward W. Dunham, I TnomaaW. James x£OW6) Jeremiah. J.ohnsonJ E. A. Lam- |fc«W| Htnr^ McCloskey, Jasper M.Gilbert E, W;1 iske;.Iranicl L . Northup, Chnuncey Pe^ry, Cyras P . Wftbj Smith Fanclier, JohnS Thome.* * . « Broadway ^ £ T % ^ ^ ^ THX SUNDAT Liqoon CASES.—The Examination of Ca^rke^demllMon, andwffl probably.faU. PatrickHarvey,one of thepersonsarrestedlastSan- Z long. Meanwhile, Broadway remams i n f i " * * * day for selling liquor, was to have taken place before Justice Cornwell yesterday. A. Oakey H*ll, esq.,George B, Graham tnd Phi«ea« N. Finch, They deaH"both in paper and specie «onnterf »*.«. lr£o*t of their contmue in that state to the end of tame. wunsel for the Board of Police Comtiissibners, ap-peared for the officers who made,the arrests, and S. D. epeiaticmfl were with corjxtorfeit & ma on: the Farmers' '-BxTwr.iCAn CXKTRAL CAMPAIGN CLUB—This Morijp, esq:, for the defendant. The* witnesses sum-CONVICTION AND SENTENCE OF THEmemory of, Jbia victim the crime of suicide, and welltext*. "•428TM-a*rmo«jr^ had_ » d»y»p«t Mr. C. M. L*k Chief of Boliee laved the Cba^ F w BO1Ihad written 663 pagesr attended 1,042 religious meet-, inKS, made. 1,048 pastoral visits, performed lunieral ser- vices 40 times, received 782: letters* mostly tj-om sea-«f El-afrO*** **** ** thte tity ia »«areh of th* ccm-leteraxt* of two eooate?feU«xs fttom this city, recently„ eatcd is Elmirau Slanting £evel< tpmente are prom- tearing ^ w n t b e o l d fcrfck building on the » g £ g * fced; bat the fy-cts are for the preeeut withheld, as it ia 'alleged that presuneni railroad an 1 banking men areSjaphoiiad. __- FOURTEENTH DAY—MORNING SESSION.! being able to gain admittance. The town to-day pre- men, had written 472 auswer*, baptized 75"jt>SHKtns?The a»T3i«e of tin two an-eited at Elmira are Dr.~ .JKRYLAH pubiiabed every 8 J" satnnxD, hi advan 8; T«ai Copies tar •ay larger anmbor aiCvfLm to sddre.. of fcw arte«f il90«M twenty or snore wfllwss mery eommene^ Adv«rfi#«no*nt« Vn ,I**Jt AND TWIEN buntomJ KotalnglIs »obll»b*d every 1tVOA i \: F « B Eirj:fa ptrbUshed on lh« wooL as Hfi per ana Osntta. \y •fJEBTE M FOB CALIFORNJI* vofcUahed <m tbe < intLats)lS0peraiM.MS SOlffl Which wW be c«(nnrives additional inter" In prepariagiH by a tUUdteaieopyrishtfc residence, being at th - ^ight is that country.SHELDX Ko. : • •IJ-ABOK:and Hannfactarerft' Bjgok of Po aghkeepeie. TheseWfc have been hither'*© noticed ai most cleveriy exe-;voted eoent«rfeits. On« of the Chemung. Countybanks exchanged a package of th* ir own -biite for five bvndred dollars of the counterfeits without suspecting that the eacchange. wae robbery. Counterfeit ones on theCh*saong lUver Bank was thiir next eoaote.-feit- ii% Utaple, the reeldne comprisinf bogos half dellars stnd spurious t weaty shining gold pi eeee. The conn-s-er-speech the prisoner was much depressed, and covered Tbo Attorney-Geteral's speech to-day was a masterly his face from the gazing crowd. He'•• seemed to feel exhibition of oratory and argument. Its logic wasfeit ones paef^ed off freely, althoog; very clumsily .en- boss, and Spencer addressed the meeting. ' The Clab isclo6e of the day. jEight o'clock p. TO.—The trifil is over, and Harden isrovr very prosperous, and rapidly increasing in num- bers. Republicans throughout the country are invited to avail themselves of the headquarters.B r . Graham, as he calls Uimself, has redded ia this•ity»everalv«ars. Ho had an office in Bteeckcr stree this Association was held last evening in the Coopergraved. A'oout three thousand dc liars of counterfeit money w ? * passed before the m>n were arrested Both are now in jail at Elmira a .raiting the* tads.:torbing interest by the large audience before him. I The JXXTJ have just returned into court, after an ab- 'will not mar its beauty Toy giving an imperfect sketch sence of two honre, with a verdict of guilty on all fourfor some time, and for a e-hort peri< d was part propne tor of a drug store in Eighth aven M. He hae a wife and three children, who still reside here. He is an JBB^Hahjnan by birth, well educated, showy in drew sad poiehedin manners- Finch is reported to be a hro*£er.in-law of Dr. Graham. iHe is a middle-aged »a», and in dress, appearance, and culture, is the an* tipode of bis alleged confederate in crime. He has pursued the avocation of drover for j ears.From the nature of his business he enjoyed remaxka- ble faciltieR forpalcoing off bad money upon unsus- pecting farmers. There was found upon him when arrtsted a letter from the agent oil a railroad company, showing, on the part of the wriujr, evident complicity in his counterfeiting operations. Enough is said to have been gathered already from Finch to ohow the existence «f a thoroughly organized gang cjf 'counterfeiter?, hav-ing their headquarters in tuis cify, and whose opera- tions,throughagentsintheiremploy,reachthefarthest Western and some of the Southern States. .CoxmssiosriRs or THJE CigttwsTi RAt. PARK.—At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the Central Park, held at their offic* yesterday afternoon, the following gentlemen were elected officers for the ensuing jeai: B. M. Blatchwrd, President; John A. C. Gray, Vice-Preeident; Andrew H. Green, Treas- srer; Thomas C. Fields, Secretairy.Institute, the President, Gen. Mather, 'in the ehair. Dr.Griscomreadaverylengthyreport,aschairmanof a committee, npon the Health bill, lately defeated in the Legislature, particularly commenting upon the corrupt use of motiey in connection iherewith—the amonnt of which, it was claimed, was not lesa than'• The way of God is in the sea,• His grace now triumphs there;Like clouds, like doves, our sailors flee. OBIT-DJIRT.—The Bev. Archibald Biaclay, D. D ,one of the oldest and most respected clergymen of theBaptist Chnrcb, died on Wednesday, as nla residencein West Twenty-eighth street. He was born in 1778, ings of the Polytechnic Ctob for publication, as ctesiredtbiit kind might be star ted anu ptedlcated v( almost every third jmatl'iit tbe communitf. 1 doubt not there are some of jon,kisxct&eir heads, ana threatening their lives if they attempted SUCKCKXK, S o s , k. Co.—This estate extends from Eigatj-nin!to leave port. The captain entered into a parley witu to Ninety-iourui street, and from Broadway across Ninth andbut in none has its influence been so astonishing as. in the office of our French eotemporary, th'e Cvurricr df$old ho poison her 7 every argument of that kind tno«va that she had no iaaucement to scli-murder IThe A,itoriie>--tienorai then proceeded to review the ciroom- stances of the case durinu tho week prior to her death, tending to show that Ustdnu administered pouon. The question of mo-'disooveLred that the case had nothing in it, and the vee- tel leit port unmolested, as the' marine list will show. I i is said that a charge of larceny, in conoection with &sieve case, is now pending- against one of the Mar- shals referred to above. Two or three days ago, it is stated by persons who are ready to testify in the matter, teat a vessel called the Charlotte E. Taye was placed Under »rr«st on the strength of a regular process, onsus- p'cion that the was a slaver. The Deputy United States Marshals boarded her, and - arrested the parties con- eerned. A person ciUing himself a passenger, but wbo is supposed to be the supercargo, left the presence of the Marshal for a short time, during which a trunk standing near by was depleted -of a large amount of gold in sovereigns, to account for which an investiga- tion is also to be held.•was called, wss fox many years in the possession of theJajnzey family, who probably first ased it as a farm, and subsequently convened It into an elegant country seat Old Mr. Jauncey left the estate to the eldest son of Col- Thorn, that young gentleaiia'assuming the name of.Jauncey.' The heir was killed while tiding] » stee]>le-cha*e in £ngiand, and as he died intestate, his ram property reveittd to tis father, as heir at law. Tne folio wing'are theietu-'tsofthcsalc:within u lew minutes of the commencement of the The iunersT will take place on Sunday, the 6th Inst, at 104- ' Mr. GEORGE POLSOM presided. Various reports evtnue, between Tenth and Eleventh streets. Bis relativesand mends ate Invited to attend without further notice.were read, aud^the polls were opened for the election NORTH—In Brooklyn, on Wednesday. May*. Carrie E , daugh-ol office-is. The Regular ticket waa headed by Prof. ter of the late Joseph B. North aged 5 years.Mor.se.. •The friends of the old regime took substan- PEET—On Thursday evening, May 3, Mary E , only daughtertially the same, substituting the name of Dr.' Hawks • of Mary Jane and the hue otcilmg B. l'eet, aged 7 years and 4 lor President. Two other tickets wero made up of months.selections from these. : RANKIN—In Brooklyn, on Thursday,. May 3, Miss Anno Baskin. second daughter of John Rankin.the funeral from the corner of Clinton and Carroll streets, at l io'clock on Sunday, the 6th,lnst.' 8ELJLON—in Brooklyn, Long Island, suddenly, an Wednesdaymorning, May 2, Laura L., youngest daughter of Edward del- Ion, eiq ; formerly of the Quartensaster-General's Depatt- ment Halifax, Nova Scotia, aged 23 years. ,SLOANE—In this city, on Wcdnerday morning. May 2 of sca-l«t fever, Ella Louisa, dsngh.er of George and Matilda slcsne, aged 13 months.WOOD—On Wednesday morning, May 2, Edith, daughter o O r . J a m e s R . a n d E m m a W o o d , a g e d JO* m o n t h s .The relatives and friends of the family are Invited to attend the funeral services, from the residence of her parents, No. 3 Ir-. v.eg-plsoe, o« Saturday, May 5, nt 3.o'cloe*. p. m.WILLIAMS—In this city, on Wednesday, May 2, after a short •nd severelllueis, Walter Wesley, infant son of James S. and Mary Williams, aged 8 months and 5 days.MISTlATUKli AXMAMAO.•t'HE ;C(Edited by.p •WITH- B] In 10. Uni•yacndng season are the following: Silvia, now lying 2 lots w sice 9th-«v., at.joining, each....YACHTING.—Among the preparations for the next1 lot w. side9th-av , adjoining ....... Blots w. side Sth-*v , a''joinlng, each....1lots.w. cor.irth-av.andii0tn-st1 lot u. sideffytu-*t3 bta n. side b*jih at. , adjoining, each.4 lotsn. siceSi)th-st. , aojviulijg, each.4 lots n. side «yih-*t.. adjtiniug, eacn. • • • • at«s • • a4 lots n. side KVth-st, adjoining, eadi.4 lote a side ttiHh-st., adjoining, eacfi. 4lotsii.ii:cSinn-st.,aojoiniujt, each.4 JOIS n. bice ny.Li-ot, adjoining, ench. .••••»••«**•••*•••» *• »otsn. side 8yth-si., adjoining, eash.. ....''..Our Gallic poet, like Homer of ohty is also accessible to the tenderer mood of the touf. He represents th© Battered Boyof Benicia, after the light, singing-at the feet of his beloved Adah such dulcet strains assumption. It'carried off, he said, more persona than b-.ur, could Luve been held. Mr. Harden went to the room, and" any other disease. It now caused one-sixth of thes>2 New-London, Conn., is undergoing proper repairs. The Una, Sea-drift, Restless, Widgeon, Juliet, and Gypeey, are also all at that place. These, it is expected, will be fully ready for the water before the nrsi weekin June. The Ruwena, now at Westport, Coan.„has changed owners, and is undergoing repairs and im- pTovtmenVs. The Madgie and Plover are at Swniog- ion; the White Wing and Maliory aV-Mystic, Conn. Among the yachts tying off this city is the Maria; the Mystery smd Undine »xe a*. Ojster Bay.aboutthosometime Mr.Ksmi.y,tbeyle!t the roomtogether,'Mr. Hardtn going fox the buttermilx. Ana Mr*. Geary swears deaths in the world. In Canada, New-York andConsumption. Tbe army statistics showed most Con-sumption on the Culf Coast of Florida, South Carolina,"and Alabama; next in New-York Htu-bor aud Cuiifor-, Bandy Hook..<. €.33 I Gov. Island.... 7:23 » Hell-Gat*... 9:04ACAnxxT orcine, a t its semi-monthly meeting on W ednesday ing, elec-ed the following:himself- henceforth to the culture of the.domestic affec- •tione. Let us hope that this humans, though imagina- tive prophecy, may bo happily aid permanently re- alized. . • x •i —The Clipper has in its London correspondence Borne inteiestingnews concsrniog t,he late prize light, We give a epeoimen: «•_-.•j ' " Before the ling was .really put in orderTom Sayers madehiaentree. Therewas no shyingofcastorson either tide, and every thing was d ?ne in the ..plainest"manner. Sayers, on gettiog insiie the ropes, very careleetly dives»ted himself oi hie cloak. Tne appear- ance 1x6pretottad niter this was fliiby in tbe extreme. He waB dressed in a suit of plaid—green and red being.be predominant colors.. "Heenan,whohadbeenstandingOuteidetheringwir.b bis fiit-nde, now entered it, followed by Casick hudMeDoLald. Hewas dreseed in a euit of heavy gray -clothes, tbe overcoat beitg buttoned closely round the neck, and having a thick comforter round his throat to protect it from the wind. Cheers from the ArreiJcans. went up, on his entrance,, and though tbey were not numerous, no one could doubt their sin- cerity. When the Boy entered the ring he walked over to Sabers, extending hiB banc, and said:" ' How do you do, Tom—how do you find yourself this-moriiingV•bbnian beings, staiidiug.ou the floor without the bar, ano the g»llery was again crowded "with ladies. Tre * Attorney -Geiieral contiiiued, say ing: But it is claimed by tuc cuicu66 tbat from the time of thin oath <and in- terview, on the suppoeition of tho truili of hi» state- m«ut>, all his conouct was natural. Mow, it seems to me, gen- tieo.en of.the jury, thu"; the reverse of ihi« is the. case. • The con- duct of Harden in tbe sick room j hl» absenting himself from a V'U'e, whom he kuow to be In the agmiles of suicide, to bo gone an hour upon a triflina enand a fistnnco of six hundred arid sev-. eiity odd vu'dii; to have notcing ou his uiind ; to ask a neighbor if inilammation of the bowels was oangerous—contrasvod withrOBT OF NEW-YORK MAT3.Cleared. -.MET>ICINK.—The Academy of Medi- even-• lots e. • 10th av., betwetiiiwth niii ;»Ut »:'s , «-acn11 lots u. s. 9wu» »t., rear 01 above, eacn '.. 17lotss.s 9i.ist,rearof above,each .*. Mansion house and 5 lots ajjohvug* eacnJ3<UVaU* to the Am«rtca~ Medical Aitociatiom—Vi*. J. P . ^ lou n. s. Duth st., rear of above, eaoh*BttoDeMer, W. tt]aA«sa«n, OurJon Buck,Alonzo Oiaxk,J. C. Dslwo, Joel Foster, John W. Krancts, A. K. Oardinex, Jacob fl«i.»a, S. T. Hubbard, J. Ko-ier J«nXln«, C. KracAowi.zcr,John Miller. H. D. bulkiey, Jsjne* M. *«iner. John r\ Oarcutx Valenti»« Mott, B«n>xuia Ugden, Wiiluun Parker, K. R. re*s- 3«e, J. O. Pond, 6. S>. Purple J. M. SmUh, A. H. ritoveas, V. JR. Sq«ibb, JohnW»t*on, I«*MMJW<KM, J.B.Wood, U. W. B. Woodhnn. and D M V u Pelt.V*U<j<ut4 to the Sanitary Co*v4ntiom—Tyn A. 'Bi. Stevens J W. r-r.uci*,Wm.Kock.w«lL8«*pttenSmith,!-.»*.;Wood,JEIR. Pe«s: *«, Jacob rfarsen, —— Doagiaa, John Watson, John W .£ toiling, John X. Otx\»h, and C. HensoheU.A propoution to entertain the Japanese Embassy ontheir arrival was referred to a comxnit.ee. . MINOR: CITY ITZMS.—A Committee of the officers of4lotsn w. cor.irthav.andUOtll«t., each4 lotas w. corner 9th av. ana 9l*t at. each..Hi is i.. w, coxner9th. av.'and91st stieet, eichVI lots ane Rorts^ifar ofibhve.encb4 lots n. e cor<.«r broadv«a> and 9l»t »t.,each ...... 4 loti s. o. corner BroodwAj nud 92a itceet, «acb4 lots n. w . comer lOtn av. and 9Ut st., each•4lotsa w.cornerItMnav.andVltXst.,each:4 lot« ».*. cor ii. r lOtn av. and 91nt st., each. 4Canada, according to tbe Brit:uh army statistics. Tiiedeaths are :much greater in Bermuda than in New-foundland. In Hiadostau, there is very little Con-sumption. In districts where intermittent fevers areprevalent, eueh as Venice and tho Tuscan maramuie,tbeie is very little Consumption. Tue deaths by Con-Steamships—Montgomery, B*-rry, Savannah, H. B. Cromwell k. Co.; Potomac, Watson Baltimore, H. B, Cromwell & Co.B»rks—Casco, McBean, Tiinidad ;Ella, Howes, Seville, B. W . Trundy. '; «Biifs—W» y Hatfield. Hatfi-ld, Parsboro, D.' R. Dewolf; Storm Kin?, JLockhart, Kio Zaire and a market, master .Schooners--Pvlng Fisher,. Holmes, Kio,Grande, I. B Gager; E. A Stanley, Jackson. Charleston. MoCrcady, Mott it Co.; T. J. Toll, Rose, Prederick»burg. Van Brunt & Slagnt; Montrose, Linckiln, Bavteas, 1. B. Gager; A Haetin^s L o w e n o n . St. John, P. 1. NeviUK &. Son; Martha, Lambert, Neuvitas, tfboe. Owen it Son; A. MUSOB, Corson, OhmTleston. D. C. Murray.Steamer—Boston, Crocker, Philadelphia, F. Pezkini.Arrived.•of the JELiehmond Club grounds, on Staten Island, five xoifes sout!*-west of the lower steamboat lauding, Tae encampment will begin early in July, and- last about ten days. -The sale of liquors will be prohibited within one mile of the camp, and no gambling or other uulaw- Jful acts will be permitted within the military precinct.T o aid in carrying out these arrangements a large force of polios, under the command ot Capt. CaarlssTurnbulL, will be detailed The ship Scar of theUnion,1,037tuns,buitlaMainein185^,wassoldat4 lota-n. w . corner 10tn-av. and 92d-»t., each . . . » . . Aloiss.w.CvinexlOtn-uv.and»oo.-8t..each....... 8 lots e. s. 10th av., between 92d and 93d-sts. each 4U..8 cnJ«d-.t, ueiwteo9thandU.tu-uv1< ,eich.. 4 lots e. s. 9th-av., near 92^-st, each•4 iota s. W. corner 9th-av , near 93d-.t, each...4 10U n. «. corntr l)th-av., near 92d-*c , e.on4 lots ». t>. cornor 9thav., neat 83d at., each ....... 17 Jots n. s. 92d-st, lear of above, eachYt gorei< adjoining, each17-lots ».,p. 95d-»«., r*ar of above, e*ch4 lots a. o.' corner eroadwsy and SBd/at, each.....4 lots w.s..lCthav..Teur of above, each ,. 4 lo:a n. e.c-».n«r 10th-av. and 93d-st, each8 lotsn. s. S3d-»t-, rear of above, each.4 lets adj-inwjj, tarh :. blotaadjoining,each.............cot/duct bcfoie or during her illness, or at the time cf ber death, Geographical and Statistical Society. As to climate, in Its infinite variety or circumstances, all load to one and the humidity appears to conduce moat to it, though a moist same conclusion. If In your beorto, gentlemen, you have reason- salt air is not conducive to it. Cold is unfavorable to able, wen grounded doubts as to his guilt, open his prison doora it, e*pf cialy equable cold. It is more common among and let him go dee; but if jou lirmly believe, as I doubt not youdo, that this is a wicked, dlabolicul murder, do not, I pray you, women than anion? men, and is most common botweenauction on Tnursday, by Gerard 6c Bscts, to J. Sickles 4 lots adjoining, ouch..-Alongandprosydiscussionensued,whichconsumod " Sayew, taking the proffered hand--, Very well, t. gentlemen, your Ibst and your luHt obligation—" a true verdict the t>me until the votes were all counted.|or$30,000-,on«-;bir<lca«h,balance,3and4mosTh« ScbilLsr CoIo««al bast ordered by a namber of German jgenQemen for the Central Park, hai been completed by Mr. Bichtbr, the artist. Toe shm of ^250 has been subscribed for a pedestal on which to placethebm»....AlltheboUoingsonWorthstreet,8 lots n. w. corner 9ch-av. and 93d »t., each ;.. 2lot*i>.e.corner9thav.and-ftUd-st-,'each.....'... 4lotan.».UUd-st,adjoining,each.....r8 lota adjoiuings each.... -thankjon;howdoyoufindyourselfV "Heenan—•1feelverywell,indeed. Wehavegotj a fine morning for it.'according to tbe evidence, so heli» mo God." For President, Dr. Hawks was elected, receiving 58 . JudgeDaytoncloeedsoonafter:io'clock,havingoc- votesto54forProf.Morce. Thelemainderofthecupied in bis pita some 41 bours. - Judge Whelpley ticket elected was as follows:j j , ^ athe mob interfered, aad ber pnnishment at the'mon'sfir." ,'.'"".'•'. 'i,"-;. '.;.',. ' "' , . Tine Court room for the last three days haa hesn filled to overflowing. HoUdreds went away .withouti<mfromfarthands of F ^ J a . A testimonial to b* presented t*••"•;,,'|:Hcnan ^ also talke^ol-. --Workmen a ^ ^ ^ tbet Ae«-n 200 j»nd 3C0.sa"lor bretbrdn had beenjsent out as miefcionaties to all parts of the world; 233,356 pages, of tracts, 120,151.religious books and paperk' 404 Bi- bles and Testaments had been ciroabated; 22J941 visita had been made to seamen and others, 5.811 vttite made to boarding-houses; 3 932 person* had been ixwiaced to attend church; 210 prayer meetings had been held, 80 conversiocs had jbeen reported, 27 |of whom had become church communicants; 24 Jjapkslidere had been reclaimed; 147 bad signed the temperance pledge; 316vessels had {been supplied with reading matter. Tbe converted sailors have been frbjm 30 di£ ferent sectiens. Mr. Mollenbnnd was at ]work in Sweden, and bad reported that he was in thje habit of preaching to congregavont- of 2,000 to 3,000 persons; be bad preached iu 30 different parishes ofi pweden,. and in tw8 cities of Donraarkr'The Treasurer's reporf, set forth the -rebcipts of the Society for the j ear at $520 48.The report closed by ask-ng: ""Will you, dear brethren in Christ, aid us in this work., ia y our prayers, sympathies, and money, to carry forward the great work in hastening toe time when the abundance of the eea shall be converted to God. Then thou shalt seend flow together, and thy heart shall fear, and be en- larged, because the st a shall be converted auto thee,'from tbf Bamry to Union square, and probably WiU*Club took porees* ion of their Headquarters, No. 722 Broadway, last evening, Wm. H.fFry, esq-, in the chair. The One large rooms were well filled, and all the members were pleased with. them. They afford ample »pace for a reading'hall, as w*ll as one forspeak- ing. They will be open nifc ht and day until the Presi- dential election. New members were added last night, and'otber busioess transacted. Messrs. Fry, Qaacken-ndoned by the defense, however, not beihg present, the aiamination was further adjourned until next Sator-SANITARY ASSOCIATION.—The stated meeting of! COUNTERFEIT BILLS;—Counterfeit ,$10 bills on the I Attorney-General Dayton^proceeded with the main from every quarter, and soon the house was densely on the 60th chapter of Isaiah, hegmning:Sickles offered me following resolution, which wa*)made the BpecWl order for tbb next.regular meeting* Rtto'rcd, 'X nat Robert L. Pell, John Campb«U, and Hb^ppw. K:ia;p, in cox. junction witb>the Board of I rustoei, be a Commit t«» to select a proper locition for the"permanent Kxbtbitio Rooms of tho In.tituto, tuid report to the Institute at the nex mojuthlj meeting.THE TRIBUNE isentirely noW.toUE Wohoversup- poeed btfoie that Mr. Garrison lxati auy hand in it. However, Mr. Phillips must know a great deal better than we do.fined, or in anincloseayardof ssid prison, Or within an inclosure, erected for that purpose, adjoining sucb prison, at the discretion of the Sheriff, you he bung by the neck;until you be dead. And mav God have inerey on jour sonL" ,THE LIFE*Mr.JERSEY CITY COMMON COTJNCI-T. J-Tbe Jersey City Common Council meet on Monday eveniag nextJUarketm^-ReportedbyTelegraph**Nothing further was done than the adoption of the re- ferries, Wharves and Piers, Inspector and Saalerofment of hereditary madness has certainly not bren pressed ruuen upon thein with untiring energy, with an eloquence rarely equaled, with a pathos which drew tears from the stou:-port, npon the question of which, the whole evening was spent.IjVeiglits and Measures, Collector of Assesstceuts, ii>> the defence silicef the evidence presented in tne ca«e. A mo- •wtst htort, and with* a force and po»ver which could not haveINSTITUTE.—-A regular monthly mbetingpoiutijg Police during good hehavior,AMERICANof the American Institute was held last evening at the Cooper Inetitute; PresilMit Hall in the chair. The Board of Trustees reported that they had engaged the services of a competent person to,, collate the proceei-"With the verdict of that Jury, it is oJmo»t needless to aay, thli Court is entirely saiflaed. It could have been no pother without a disregard of the duties which they owea to the sooietyof wnichSLAYXHS FOR.—Oa Wedaeidayl or the day before, a mt-mo'ializing Congress, requeaung them to abolish the siets in denouncing that heart and bratn which dag BittB 'acts ol the case by this treatment. Her language, gentle-.D I E D .regulations of the Patent Odice which requires iaveni proeets was ta.k«n out against tn« bark Storm King, on tors to lnrniuh model* of their inventions. They pro} suspicion that the was engaged in the slave-trade. pose the adoption "of the svstem now in use in England^The process, it is stued, wua given into the hands of: v^bicb requirtB the Patent Office to .give printed sped'-York OOicrver, as ' an infidel of the most degraded pUiss.'" Thcln-' n.en. her mantle!una )ii«\ her position and c^uaucc, snow that' sbe,had no thoughts of suicide, dhe ha<I taken two sheet* I* ruai,e on l<ei vi»lt; one ol these was bnisbu.i, and tho Other partly made. Thus, notwithstanding her stcktie**, she WOJ< mixing- preparatlcns Tor houvekei;ping all the time It was said she was •"udvowrimj to commit suicide. Ever.) ihlug in the case repudi- ates this kuppo»lttou. That she loved ber husband is not doubt- ed- '1 bo struggles through which she had p*> sed to got herself marrieo to that a>an show that In some way he hiJ-wu.nl him- self closely around that young heart. . Tnat ho treated her with the greatest kindness is declared by the defense. Here, then, we imvo the. d « r of a young-wife, freshly married, married to tee man she lov*d, titated slod^y oy him, and yet so uuluppy lhat.jutt th-n, she committed suicide. It there bad b»nsn no murder, tb«-ir uni-.uient of kind tieatmeut would have Oeeu.pow-ANTONIDES—At Plainfietd, IS. J., on Wedneiday, May 2,1860, Mr. Matthewr Antonlies, in the Tb'th year of hia age. •two Deputy United SuttesMlrshals, who, witbout ro- ferring it to Mr. f lompaon, toe acting Chief Mar- thai in the absence of Capt. Rynders, for his di- zeetionstin the ease, as they had been instructed to do by the United States District-At torney, wen: directly to the vessel, boarded her, and unceremoniously ar-vhcat'.ons of all patents applied for. Mn, Gsorge J. we are bound to say that this viev of the origin ofBrasher, wife of Philip brasher.The Natives »nd friends of the family are respectfully invited toattend her functal, without farther invltauon, from her late residence, Ho 34 Mo&tague-pUco, this (ifrlday) sftemoon. at 3 o'clock.—The great conflict of Heenan and Sayers hasrested the cap<ain and mate,Bypresentingpistolsto * LARGE SALE or THE THORN ESTATE'by A. J. produced extraordinary results in various quartern, erful,butwhenthequestion11. Didshecommitself-murder,or,Uniform with This is one oi CariTb« first of the se: XEwstrntiosM, print*.Either ef th«*bo prices annexed. -TITTLEj Blthem, and, afterj considerable conversation in *prirate, Tenth avennes nearly to Central Paik, containing nea-ly "500Duhdlng iota; It is stUl in the same condition a« furcneily; but M £{ ata Unit. That excellent journal has, m fict, been'/ further ijnvitation. ,GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY. I COUGHLAN—In this city, on Wedneiday, May 2. aft«r a short and revere illness, £ lieu, the beloved ;wife.of John Coogbian,aged 3o*years. !>*"" .The Annual-Meeting of the Geographical and Statis- DAVIS—In tbis city, on Wednesday, May 8, Theodore Blmonv'ticalSocietywasheldlustevening,intheroomsofthe sonofGeorgeD.andMaryDs.vis,aged1year,11monthsand 11 days.Society, in Clinton Hall. Although the attendance MACLAYTOn Wednesday morning, May 2, the Bev. Archibald wtis not large, the rooms were so badly 'ventilatad that, Maclay, U.D.. aged S» years. ,'Bgreed to provide xhem with a. large sum of money ii *it has b«en surveyed and solaIn lots to suit purchasers, it will not inspired to such a bight that its feelings could only find ttvt» on his .part wns argued—that be did hot love, honor andthey would consent to let Mm go his way. The D<jp- be long befsre straight stieets will ,b« cut through its groves, and ha aa rhythmical e*preeaion; and, accordingly, two obarm-ingIjncs,which it modestly.diagniaMundertbeformof pretended trunshaiqns from the English, id its yea-teid^y's itupTfteioti, felicitously sot forth its admirationcherub his wlte—that thu evidence shows bo was forced into the marriage against his will, and hod" neither respect nor regard for her.' lie had gi'ailtkdLU purpo.eswiththisyoungladyat,an early day, nnpleasant as it maybe to say it and he admitted this in verbal answers to charges made in letters-of her parents. AfU'l the {.asiuge.of these letters It is Ustuftd that he said he baa «»rTed, and gave a promise of marriage. Now, goatlemen of*tyM't-T%i,ardentInthepursuitofdu'>yandjastice, Its>©Kytreeswillgivewaytostatelyresidences. Eiinwopd,asIt1 lot on n. e. cor. Broadway and 89th-at., 25.9x101.31 lot e. side Brocdwaj, aajuiuinjj....,1 lot ».e. cor. Broadway and yoio-st..3 iota e. ilde Broadway, adjoining, each.•.•••»•*»•••»«•••s52,725them,, we extract the fallowing, description of the athletic Heensn as he appeared before the battle2 lots o. lido Broadway, adjoining, each 1 lot ii. w. cor. lOth-av.and ttam-.t.;1 Jot w. sidel0th-av., adjoining.....1 lot s. w. cor. 10th-av. and SHrth-st 1lotw. sij« 10th-av, aojoining; - . • • •1. j •.IOn admire en le contemplantties larges epanies de msrbre,:Bus beaux joux bleus, sbn rroni puissant, Sa Uille drolte coinnao un arbro '.....Lei deuxpoing«poscionavast. L«H retns serres dons sa ceinture, Retennntriialeine, 11 attend,Immobile dans sa catubrur*..On dirait un profit d'alralu;Un vlrux medallion de portiqao Que Lebreton, de son burlu, Kessuscita d'apres l'antique"., h e »aid: " 1 whl go into jail,-and lie mere and rot, and be oar-''riedcut through the k«>-bolo," ate, " before I marry her;''and then, a striking Instance of tbe want of respect he had forpisyer, hea»kn that.companion to pray for hlia. The letters pre-vious to marriage show Barden's >osistance to the last. Duringthis correspondence he endeavors to get a riddance by repreaent-iog bis circumstances as burdensome; by thieata that II one /,added to the library within the year. The library now forced bim to marry her tbe mercy she now snows to him heThis ©eH«ct1on of i new iiiMd, will IDC trnguishod aatberv. 1 with Merroi/s. .Notei edgeo to b« t£e tuosJ in letpect ol editors! • Tbe Peets are fold ani invarioas»'tjIfs^We earjnot s-pri enlj one thv. den»rv< Poets."— [Doston Di•• W e r e a l l y k n o w At the American pnl yoets.»-f*L Y. Tin"We regard it ** ^itioacf the Brit ETtning Bulletin.MWe do not kno' .wkieh con.blnts sc nNEW PUULt ByNo*. KISS JtlGHT!N( •ditioB. Cloth. 2a « FRJARSWOOD !•«B sir ofBedeltile.' I VOYAGE POWt.CelliBS. 1vol. 12mo RA TVLINSON'S #2 50each. , .SEWFLL'S EARNIGHT LESSON! OC cents.PASSING THOUi 1 fo). 16mo ' 15 c«nt DR. OLDHAM J THERE.. 1vob 12mREVOLUTIONS R« »lutien» in En els. TBt PATH THACATHOLIC CBUR DARWIN'S OR1C$ l i 5 . „ EIGHTEEN CHJames White, 1 vol MORPfir/S GAM by tbe distinguish$1 25.SEVEN YEARS,scb. lToL,12mo. j ^TEE-NEW AMI «f TJriversal Knowle A Daris—Vols. I to;CHAKBERS'S C KneWWgefor-the PEVENINGS A T Gone. 1 voL Uun RtfSTATEMENIHeury W . Bellows, Aay oi tbe above sHE SEMI-;••alively and glisblife, as f«en in',ateiy is charming, HaaMinor.AU booksellers ba>4 lots w. sideTltith-av., adjoining, each..1 lot u e. cor. 10U>-«v. and 89th-»t........ blots e. side Unh-av., adjoinlni;, each..... 1lots e.cor.lutb-av.and 9.tn-»t> lot u. side 89 .h -*t., rear of above1 lot n. side BSkh st», rear-oi'aoove2 lots n. side 8<Hh-at , rear of above, each1 lot u. side S9tn-st., re«r of1 atx>ve 1 l o t n» w . COT. i i t b - a v . a n d 8 9 t n - s twould "bow to her ail her life. The prompt and etfectlve meas- ures which ktcLHed marriage, the further clrcuaisUnccs attend- ing her visit, and death, tended to show that, with the motive to get nd of ber, tho means were nJ.o at hand, and tho opportunity prei-eiHed for committing the deed. •Harden*s statement was then read, and Its improbability ar- gued. T t o evidence showed that thcro, was no uuie when this interview whh h'-« wife, which mutt have taken near half anhas 4,600 volumes. The Librarian, Mr. Bayard Taylor, suggests the desirability of acquiring a number of books, among.them a/Pnjsical Atlas, either that of Berghans or Johnston.Mr. H. B. MUM.ARD then read a paper on PtisisPu'monsies, the disease commonly, known as Con-k .. 8 lots n. e. corner ttroadw*} and K'Jili St.. whole front...It isalrxost needleBsto say that i.his amiable lyrietmakes Heenan vow to renounce pugilism, and deyote hour. Tbe Cou t-room presented oiie crowded mass of4 lots i-.-w comrr 10th »v. and90th s4., each.. 4 lots s. w. corner 10th av. and 'JOibst., OAchIn the afternoon, tbe Court opened at the uaualBROOKLYN ITEMS.between Church and West Broadway, have been corn • lMPitovEMK^TS.-r-The small one-story framel build- i «i Heenan—' No; I've bet all my money:'yoiirs.i tbe Bev. J. P. Thompaon; according Secretaty, E. A. Stonsbury; ForefRn Corresponding Mejietary, J o b . Jay i Douies-down, to make room for.Clanin& Mellen'. newstoresAmongthehonM84im»consignedtomemoryal>ne,is«n oldlrame building at aoout.the middle of the bioik,ings wbicn have long occupied a portion of the Q ipwne propertyonPultonutreet,nearMontague,haffe[been torn down aince the firsti instant, and the site (will be" Heenan then walked toward McDonald, and had flomeconversationwithhim..Savers,whohadneverseemedtobemadeofiron. While,severalmembersTHEAMERICANBAPTIST SOCIETY.MARINER'S. . . . . . . . . * . # • / . . a .• i • • • • • » .WJikh, twenty years ago, was a colored Baptut becopied by line brick buildings, for commercijijl j pur- Of him. It was plain to be seen he was disappointed the eyes of him whose afe will, in all probabilitv. be tv J , r A 10 MMWw,The third anniversary of the American BaptistChurch, and within the p*«t fonr yea» has beencon-verted into a tenement hooee.^The old firm of JS**mu«Uudd'sScraonWednesdaytookdowntheir tipx at No. 59 Fultonstreet,, where it ha« stood nn- chasgedforforty years,theirincr^ieingbusinesscom- pelliog them to take larger premises at No. 1-29 Prontposes,assoonastheycanbe erected.Mx»rr.zn3orTHEBOARDOKEUUCATIO Common Council met last evening, the Preside eliair. Aid.Taylorpresentedaiifltofgentle appointment as members of the Board of Edhis antagonist, but it did not la it long, as the dater- em short by their verdict. If be is trailtv an naArl« I -«r"" T**i^ .~f*»*?»""»J " w f £ *Vi'W«T^"Attest. , W e rarely hear of such fixtures in upon this the Democrats left the<Jhambers,tl e names of 87 noblemen, beadec by the Earl of Brau-fcrt, were sent to Falkland, all wishing to be posted means, known to the murderer; he stood by he* death- Gapt. FUISBIE, the Seoretary of the Society, read Sloop E. Sprague, Glbbs, Providsnce 18 hours, mdse.these'days of censtant change The Clipper saya thatiti«incontemplationtocallapublicmeetingof Aid.Dajtonmovedacallofthehouse,wbee*, and Baw lifer life wasting away by inches without tho annual Report, which set forth that the*First Bap- master., >' ,at to the time and place of the battle. We were gl*d ailoramg ber any. relief when her piteous cries went titt Mariners'Church in New-York had continued to Sloop Deception, Smith, Providence 20 hours, mdse. lio-.toseetbemthere,asitaddedimportancetotubcontest. uptohimior "wateT,onlyaglassofwater.Iam experiencetheblessingofGodandhisgraceinthein- mnsttr.. ' '-*"the lriei.ds of "fair play" to.take some action in refer- • enc^io the^recent fight in England, and to express theburning up;^ he fed her day by day with that whichSloop Surprise, Smith. Rondout, coal for New-London,ry occupying the chair. The motion wash*ing seconded, was notentertained by the CSteamer Boston, Sellew, PMhuielphia and Cape May, mdie. and pass, to F. Perkins.Steamer Watnsutta, Arey, New-Bedford, mdse. and pass. W Joseph AUtn. j •' />v,%. i •8te&mer Pdickn. Aldrich. Provldonce. mdse. to Isaac OdeR. ; plbasant emile on his phiz assTbedus he was reaiy E f S S S ; ilw-e / b e ???n®*'fl Jary that hia wile, on sons, and. the average attendance at the week day- BELOW—Brbr Echo, Rice, Port-an-Prinbe.I>ayton then rose and declared that there wasindignation" of the American people at the unfairtreat- rum, only nine memWsbein* tresent Therote c dc wu into his pockets to bring fo :th the necessary, the, - .-.Jl pm*mtah the "Boy" has met with throughout the h s j ^ ^ ^ e ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ S S t u e ^mg taken, resulted in the election of the foljbwing: «iAvch;butBioieespeciallywhileiatherfag,when,IEdwardiAnthony,JohnBeUingham,B.C.B.ncssed tbe fight, and though we did not see him go parents m her dying bour. to secure their parting bles- and Savior Jesus Christ; that three ssrmoas-are sing; he has committed the great crime of perjury, by preached every Sunday, the attendance being 500 per-day.Ition. Euin stares you In ihe face on every hand.»THE WILLIAMSBURGH GAS COMPANY.—The Wil- linmtburgh Gas Company have recently purchassd nearly all of the property bounded by North Eleventh, First, North Twelfth streets, and; the River, in all, fifty-three lots. On this plot of ground the Company intend to erect extensive gas works, as their present retorts are nearly burnt out, and more extended facil- ities for the manufacture 'of gas will soon be required! ; H; : , ^~_. fthis case.. He asued the Jury to discard all prejudicefiom their minds, and give to the defendant tnat fairand impartial trial to which he is entitled by the lawsof tbe land. His exordium was listened to with ab- . onvicted of the crime of murder in the first degree.BaLk of Havprhill,'Mass., were in circulation lart •dening, IOT-plea of tho defense—the allegation that the deceasedcommitted suicide. Tne nature of instinctive mad packed with eager spectators. The prisoner wasneei was discussed; its impulsive and instantaneous brought in amid breatnlewi silence. His aged father,iol-policiei oo-the tire in Jobniton street, Brooklyn, on Dccevcc'iiINSURANCEON DECEVEE'SROPE-W ALK.—Theand some time elapsed before they recovered their self- possession. It waa an awful moment, and all present were impressed by the circumstances of tho occasion.MostaukphrenixJBamiltonB.ajruioiiy 2,956Excelkior..... 2,91'6 Total....NEW-JJSMSJEY$2,356 .\ 2,9561,520 ..$22,212hEMS.$2,956 NorthwosteTOj,2,956 St Maxk«.l.i)12,9Stf American Exchange.FIFTEENTH DA Y .BELVIDERE, N.J.,Thursday,May3,I860.for the purpose of organizing the new Board.Thetnat a person has a motive to coaualt suicide. A motive impliescatiuness, deliberation, and under Warden's statement that she so mu ;n interest, Is clos-d The humane maxim of the law lOJc. Market generally unchanged. - Ifollowing appointments are to be made: Controller,ln> ir m m r i IIJ1,,'T,1 I ••••••-•• -••••-»•> -• - V•aw^jgfcfieflSBCgCSiSCMsermons • from new\ AEVipACOB S. HARDEN FOR WIFE- - might tb^j Attorney-<ieneral cbaracterixe him a " moral been preached by him, and 35: by other mlnteters;-'ha-•• '" • flsjrresTMmdeneo of The N. Y. Tribune.,sented an extraordinary spectacle. At au early hour Iof the day wagons and vehicles of all kindjs oatne flo w- | A fltoim is now raging-^the wind is blowing with : ing in from dvery direction, and by noon there was a "'perfect jam. The hotel keepers had a good time gea- great severity; yet these do not in the least abate , erally. I am Informed thut over six hundred wagons public interest in the trial. Carriages are arriving were stored away at the different. public houses--from all points, and' everything betokens a crowded iiorses were tied around in the public streets, andlhat he was the " observed of all observers," and he crushing. After its delivery the prisoner seemed to Ihrank from the hundreds of eyes around and about Jose all hope. The Court-room presents a pitiable him. The Court opened at 9 o'clock, with as large a spectacle. Not a single seat in it h«8 escaped destruc-crowd present as cc uld be jammad into the room, The The ladies of the.townand county during the whole officers of the Court obtaioed their seats with muoh couree of the trial have heen in attendance in largedifficulty. • ' > numbers. The space allotted to them is limited to a Attorney-General Dayton, before proceeding with gallery of a cderate dimensions, and such has been his argument, alluded moat beautifully to the prisoner, their anxiety to see and hear that many of them re- his deceased wife, and the circumstances sarrounding mained in their seats from 8 in the morning until the'; MURDER.•BELVIDERE,-JH. J., Wednesday, May 2,18G0.Court-room. During the delivery of Mr. Bradley's etration. The people seemed wild with excitement.•had drtermineu upon tne act, gone into the woods to get a poi- .that you were to be considered innocent until you were proven - PniruDiiLvaiA, May 3.—KLOUK firm and oncharnred. WBSAT scinouz;-root,etc, tee motive must have been a strongone. guilty, no longer^appliesto you. Ajury pfyourcountry,se- dccliicd: sales of 3,000 busb. Hod, at $1 53@*1 55;White, Commissioner,OverseerofthePoor,CollectorofAr- JThi»youngladyhadjustobtainedthatforwhich»hehadlong lectedbyyourself,ofttnprejadieed,intelligent,conscientious SI65®$175. CORNfirm;salesoi1,000bush.Yellowat78o.(been seeking; sne haa entered tbe sanctuhry of marriage, which men, atier a full investigation of your case in all its length and PKOVIBIOKB firm. WHI?XY steady at 2ii®X»cGi'y Cierk, Corporation Attorney, Treasurer, Streetrears of Taxes, City Survevoie," Superintendent of lended all her troiibles and covered ail her [past errors. The argu- breadth, after bearing all the nrguments of your counsel, passedSAVANNAH, **»y %—COTTON—dale*, to-day, 400 bale*; market generally unchanged.MLaJtttilEJD.ATKINS—GAJtRBTTr-On Tuesday, May 1, In Trinity Church, by the Bev. l>r. Vinton, James Atkins, formerly of Quebec, Canada, to Kunnie S. Oairett, only daughter of Alex. Garrett of Brooklyn, N. X.FB.K£MAr?~-OUSTAN—At Clifion, Staten Island, on Wednes- day. May 2, by tbe R*r. J. C. Eccleston, Francis P. Freeman of this city, and Louisa M , daughter of the late Capt. I. It. Dustan. • . • ,GBJEBN—KAUFFMANN—In this city, on Thnrsday, April iff. by tbe Bev. F. 8. Wiley, James Green, eeq , to Mary A. KaofX- mann. * • .PLUNKETT—BANNON—In Brooklyn, on Tuesday, May 1 at the residence of tbo bride's Jaicer, oy tne Bev^ Eogede Cas- sidy, Austin Oliver Plunkett to Maggie J , second daugnter orBoai-d of CommisuoneiB for Aeseasmcnts and membersiof the Board of Eduaiti^n. Under the new aotap-*failed to break tb«rcharm of the evidence of your guilt, had it hot have been of adamantine strength, have passed that there was no doubt of your guilt; -that the evidence, could not be true and you be guiltless of the^agony and blood .of your wife; that •he was foully murdered oy you in a manner almost too horriole for conception. 'Ia Chief of Police, 'two aids and twenty-four patrolmen, are to be.noai- inated by the Major and confirmed by the CommonCouncil.• —Mr. WehdeU Phillipa, in a letter to The Ltde- !j;enUem«n. silent, thooghtl'ul men, induposed to mix in theSmiHerr.MiU ol lil'f, wr/o me givm to meduation, particularly it' juntiU nt, says ihat *Mr. Garrison called T H E TAIBCNTJE iyouliave a little tr ubl«*, ant»someiime» sit witn your head uponinto being with one hai)d, and The Indcpindc7it w i t h jjotvr hasdH, if so, tjeutiomen, you are iu a dangerous condition— ido Kotcouie into tne presence of an arsenic bottle—do not ven- the other. The first, planted in the ioit^of his labord >ture upon a high oridse, for' you have a predisposing mark of suicide i or Unsay become OT,e in your family, u"young lndy, and grown rich from the dew wih which he has fuSnie quiet, loving daughter,'who is not a merechatter-box, watered it,has jet to give himth> first fittiag word 'buzir.Uigahonttotheannoyanceperhapsofthegenticmen;tome gentle, quiet, waJ.l-llow«i, shedding peace and fragrance on yourofacknowledgmentorrespect;andtifektst^atillper-"lanlilycircle.Th«i.enrdtb<-prenioui'.orysymptomsofsuicide. ' I submn, gtrntlemen, wnether we aie to be deluded from thefA eemp inion votaiboth it and the nation out of Ttie Ntdependent can speak for itself, but for our own partFuneral fibm the First r,re*t>yt*rt»n Church, on Friday, the 4th, instant, at 'i\ o'clock p. m. His relatives and friend* are re- spectfully inTlted to attend without further notice.of Benicw'tf favorite Son. We have in vain endeavor-; the Jury, when 1 come to look over tne«e letters they speak a • meeting, the air,was veiy unpleasant. o'clock a. m., at the Tabernacle Baytlst Church, Seooaded to reproduce these poems in our own rtrder yernrtcoi-language which' cannot be mistaken—taken in connection with the .evidence given on. the stand before jou. The'evidence •bows that the community was full of scandal | that the o'lUders oi the chuich bad lakeii. tbe ' njBtt»-r iu hmdt He was on proba- tion, and could be dropped at couteretice on' any charge. He gave the wrliti-h obligation, alia af'.ijrwaro, gentlemen, solemnly driiirs the exutenco.ot any »nch engagement.lar; but'in order that, at least, t.ose ol oary^tfad- ]\' ers who understand Frecch'may bo able to appreciateithese:,••'•'^,tbht *h*> did no , leave the room aftei ward, until her uncle andaunt were called to the bedside of tne dying wife. Gentlemen,that statement was a fabrication ; it boars the impress on its veryface. The Attorney-General read the statement in Mull, com- Now-York it had diminished from 20 to 11 per cent. meiiM'g up n It, and said in conclusion. 1 submit to you it is, in Providence i« much more given to Consumption than itself, contradictory, improbable—could not be bejleved if there•the secie'..were lncfdiole. j - ' • AFTKUKOON SES^IOS—WEDNESDA Y .I.MARINEJOURNAL.—Adah, j e ne puis pins te volir, Contempler tes ainiables ohirsnes; &V>.is dans mes yeux au beurre noir, Mirelestlwt.sreuipllsdelaruaes.. .Pies de tol,je vivral sur tep^o,A i'abri de tout nouveau choc.. , E n attendant, pour moi, vafalreUne emp<atre a'opodeldoch ! • . . • ' .New-York". Chicago shows only about 9 per cent ofT. lere was also a minister, from Cambridge, who wit-caused her mortal agony; be refused to send for hecsinners who had come to a knowledge of their LordLdwillingtoseealairandmanlycontent."!1&*?&!#JSffi^i^^*^ poiaouedier-evening fervices 60, from .15 to 40 of whom Hlti AftatoaUthle, hi« attempt$!5^9MS aw BaapJfflt Tbv i"**0*:SAILED—Steamships 8tar of the W .st, Havana; Mobtjtom*^miimiiiioiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Documentwere no evidence In tho case opposing it. Apirtfiomlts lu.rin- *ic contradictions, there wss no time when it coula have .alcen place. Gentk-rnon, with regurd to the oath. Thero ts too much evidence in this case thathe never fol. t!i« obllguion of an oath to binding that it would trouble him. Hin reasons for keepingStus—Rises. •••• 4:56 | SetsHIGH WATXB,6:58 | Moon—Sets. 4:00- THIS D . I .sumption in the Britiih army are three times as great the actions of Mr. llamnay, the moment he was called, who ia' as in tho navy. March, ApriL May,"February, Jauu-become poiticipantB of its guilt by a fal«e or wrougful veidlct. Do net, by giving Impunity to him, encourage future secret deed« of crime—the work of a moral monster. JL.et it never be said that in the County of Warren the wife-murderer, the sourot poisoner,escapedthejustpenaltyofhiscrime.Remember,the ages ,6f 20 and 'JO. Taere ia no reason to believe that tueie is more or less Consumntion now than thou- sands ol yeare ago. ,,'•--MADEM01S: . A Tj•'•'••«Aneatandwril with much spirit as trice, Irene Wori, [LondonLeader." ^ot only infer actual life in th* R</'Distuagninbed langnsge, and In its »ess with which th U " It sives singi'l* fiomans"—[Philst"A aovel is, a'tej pictures of life, the books like Hawthoir saanees-like this."-1!'«•Ahistoricalro; •miner.Copios of'tho aoo*••npHEiSJL uanunr,! that mast disarm tJbsmtertaining."—IL< . Edited by Lac ySold by all boot.WWOKIE: By ihe author of"Booksellers will]** nnHE SE JL freshanda?«r Baleby sjl Ikeverything gave evidence of some great public demon-of it. It will long be < remembeied by uiose who had counts laid in the indictmwit. At the ringing of the the forces of the Gentiles shall come to thee." iihe good fortune to lieten to its delivery. _ Court-House bell, a few minutes since, people rushed The congregation then &*ng an original ode, basedoperations argued, and the impossibility of persons un-. who sat by his side, during the whole of the trial, wasI[ROBBING A JqDGE.—^The late residence of Jad^e 'der its influence feeding .tluem.*eLvt'.& wttli poison To Ccriatinhumbleprayer."Gairiica, No. 324 Bridge Htr6et, was felopiou»ly etterod. on SVeda£»ahy, ond robbed of some oil pilutfngs'ot coatidernble 7ftine. lh»- Judge'n .family had removed part of their lurnitura to another hoo*f, bnt a »toi m .coming on, the picture* were, left behind until next day, whenylt WMfound thikt they were gone.^methodically lor a week. Gentlemen of the Jury, aald ne, there not? present to hear that avpful word, "Guilty," fall The Rev. Dr. Hiscox of the Stahton-streist Baptistfrom the lips of the Foreman of the Jary, which con-STgDB his unfortunate-son to the gallows. When that Cburcb, was sorry that the audience was so small, bufcis no «u*h case us thiu recorded In tbe bookH. Buch histanoea ofroarlnefs are'foundtobe of persons generally of no education,end without tho consolations of-religion This instinctive mad- word came tv |the ears of the pr soner, his head foil beginning characterized all important movements. ness in not often found in female*; it belongs to rmles in the upon the table, and he groaned in great agony. Hisproportion of two to one, and aenerally between the ages of ..counsel, who eat.by his side, were fixed to tbeirsea**, This was no exception. He congratulated th>m, how- twenty atid thirty, whose reason is driven from its mooring.-' R. STEW ARD, pastor of the NeW;York Baptist Mari- Court opened at 10 o'clock. The Court-house was ners' Church'. ,.' .filled as usual. The Court ordered the prisoner to be set at the bar. He came in leaning on the arm of the Sheriff, pale and haggard in appearance. Upon call- ing his name, he stood up witbout assistance, to hear the sentence of tbo Court, which is as follows:Jacob 8. Harden, I am about to proceed to the discharge of the :most solemn duty which a mortal, can be called to perform. '1 his trial, which, for tho last two weelts, has oeen tae object ofSENTK.SCE OF THE PRISONER.incy's uncle bad' committed suicide in coiu»eqaeuc© of'insanitybrought on by coutunlon ol tne skulL \ ' , . ' ' , . ,Uitimon? can demonstrate :he perpetration of a murder, it has been d>monstrau-d that you were the perpetrator of this.Have you otything to s»y why sentence of death should not be pronounced against you f Jf you have, now is tho time to say It? , . * •The Gonrt here paused for an answer. The priicner deJiber- ately-r'aifvd his hand, and said: " 1 have nothing to aay t o y o a on that subject, I refer you to my counsel." Air flhipman arose ia hia place, and eaid: " 1 have nothing to aay, may It ptcxlo your Hon-r."The Judge resumed: "Itremainsformetopronouncethe«enleTiceoftheCourt,which iaherebyby tho<*>urtconsidered andaf?jud*cd,thatyou,Jacob 8. Baid'h, for the felony and murder, in the first degree,of Hannah Ix>uW Harden, of which you have been convicied,In manner and form as charged in tne indictment, be taken tothe jail of this Comity of Warron, whence you have beenbrought, and theie sa'ely kept until Thursday, the twenty-eighthday of June next, and that on that day, between the hours of 10o'clock in tbe forenoon and 3 o'clock in the afternoon, withinthe prison of tho Coo»ty of Warren, where you shall be con- BBASBEB—In Brooklyn, on Wednesday, May ,2, Sarah AiA)»vtb«r rela.ive In a half-intoxicated condition had talkedabottt hanging bimi.e1f—one a passage in the ohapter'of accidents,,and 1 bat too ol on unjlo out oi tbo line of descent, and. tho othtrso laiienlous, that it would be laughable, if the consequences ofsiicrXlreatuu'Ut wele riot Uo>eutable'ia deslr«ty:ng the adaiiuis-tiu'tiVn ol public justice. The whole matter, gentlemen, hadbe«4» bnsfcd^pon'tbo l»ct that this simple, companionable girl, w<u<iuicjt and ailtu'.'amung strangers, ^ h j . gentlemen, a defense of they are members, without cisregardingtbeir oaths. If humanroake tbem as I liiing. Kach'volaxae will"-. After the sentence was concluded, the prisoner eat BURDEN—In Jersey City, on Wednesday evening, May 2,I:W m i AJ Author' Cdown and wept. Hie counsel, also, and many others, were bathed In tears.Andthus is ended one of the most extraordinary capital trials which have ever taken place in this or any other State. IMartha, wife ol Alfred Burden.COOPER-On Wfedne'day, May 2, suddenly, Mr. Washington Cooper, aged 45years 5 months and 4 days.;.The relatives and friends of the family are re-pectfatty farvtted to attend his funeral this day tKridry), from his lote residence, No. 2.'»2 VVV.t Thirty-first stieet, at 2 o'clock p. m., without.The reports of the officer* of the Society were read. The friends of the family SJTH respectfully requested to attendBoston there had been a very considerable diminution of deaths by it since the beginning of the century. Inimmediately proceeded to charge tbe Juvy. For Vice-President for one year, Henry Grlnnell; Vioo-Preei- same day, bark Zidoa, hence ^ „ . , _ :'"Savers—* Yes; if a man can't fight such a day as \ The charge of tbo Court occapied over two hours in dent for two years, Archibald llussell; Vioo-Presldent for threeBaik L»vnnt*r (Br , of Yarmouth, N. S ), Raymond, Glasgow 56 davr, mdse. to Thos Jamen- Apiil 30, 150 miles E. of Sandy Hcok took a pilot from boat Moses H. Grinnell (No. 1.)BrigOspray(Br.j,Cole,Newark,inballastP.I.NJevias3t Son. • 'Brig Taffa (Br.), Chisholm, Windsor,- N. S., 8 days, coal *» master. . - '• \ !\ Scbr.GoldHiroter(Br.,ofNew-London.P.EI.),McKay,,New-London, P. E. I., 10 days, -"oats and potatoes to J. C. Rownn. ' '. • < 'Schr. Potomac, Miller, Machias 7 days, spam to C. «t E. & Peters.Schr. Fountain, Bearse, Fall River, nails to W . 11. Border* & Co. • '•Schr. Margaret Ann, Edwards, Boston 3 days. In ballastte- raastcr. '• ,Schr.J;U«yAmos.Ames,Rockland4d*ys.limetomaster.- Schr City Point, Daniel*. Rondout, coal Tor eangor.Scbr. Albert, Wassi Harrington 4 days lumber to mister. Schr.Chief,Marble,Boston,mdse.lorAlbany.1 his, he can't at all.' [S*y era pulling out a roll of billej i'—iDoyouwanttobetanything1itsieadiug. It was exceedingiy.ribvere upon the pris-oner,butentirelyiinpartial. Tnecircumstancesotthe w V,0,Tf,P°ndlD8Seoretary,MarshallLeffertsjLibrarian,Chai.caeo made it severe. Daring its delivery the face of the prisoner was covered with hia handkerchief, but there was no percptible tremor about hims hie nervesWoiiord; Treasurer, Frank* Moore.of tbe jury wept immoderately, In view of .the' great t een the Boy before, now took t. careful obaervaiion lesj-onsibility resting upon them, not a tear came from /:ed eye and firmly compressed lips told oriy tooaiolythathewouldmakethebent-of'a.badbargalni"The ring, when formed, pre aented an appearancecfgTandthr. Longbeforetbeda;rnamedforthefight,1 to allbiJie^tijntobefhefawhs5tli?iSTM^Gmffi ^S"" ? \§°T£ TM tf"idin the Rev. Dr. GiUeftto'sJDhurob, West Twenty-third street, last evening. very appropriately termed him iu addreSSJ the JrSJ ^«^--fW«i *~*. .«•.. ~*nintr.:"mo°ralmonster.". • ' TBRBALEN,esq.,inthechair.'PK- Pu-He committed murder upon his young and confiding wife,wholovedhimtodestruction,astbeevideocain the case abundantly shows, by the more diabolicalThe'exerrciseB were commenced with the reading of a portion of the 60th chapter of Isaiah, by the Rev. I.RARiSTEWARD,andpxayerbytbeRev.A.D.GIL- LETTE, D. D.Schr. Orion, Ames, FaU River, mdse. rorAlbaay..v. > >1 • - Scbr. Nsptune, Nutter, Machias 4 days, lumber to master.dications ;of reb'gions revival, and tho conviction of<:;'i •.:•••*•'^••* --- •:•• : v * -•'•be was not discoaraged, because he knew what smallA collection was taken, the doxology sung,; and the benediction pronounced. j ;The congregation was very small, not overjtwo hun- dred persons having been present.THEKsnbcBhihed with-tMOBIIK, May 2.—CoTT03r—Sales to-day,, 3,OCO baloaatlOi®,• "to< Steamship Yorktown, Parrlsh, Richmond and Norfolk, mdse.Savannah;Fotomso,Baltimore;.andothers.,.'L *:^ ,u ifMiiii'riin ,JIBEKEr>On Thursday, May 3, at the real-VFIRBT VOLT AlBy Anthor of I"'Daily X! www.fultonhistory.com 