 NEW YORK HERALD.Oenvem-^p-^ir.BMSlBkK lA WBf—fB\B VrUmme SSUr*» SB\*lBBWB»The central organ of the black republican patty Ufasa terrible state of salad over an ar- ticle which lately appeared in one of the weeklies in relation to the Sunday law whichwas enacted by the last Legislature. Thearti- cle which has so exercised the Tribwx phUoeo- phers takes tbe ground that the Sunday law is the invention of the republican party, and that the leaders of that party are pandering u> Pres- byterian cant and bigotry.at the expense of the working man. who finds in the Sabbath hU only holiday.Ll opposition to this very well founded ac- cusation, the TVibune sets up a general denial. Tbe observance of the Sabbath, says our philoso- pher, "has probably nothing to do WHO our current politics." "Probably" It would not if there were no republican party to make it an issue. The TKbune complains bitterly of the efforts which axe made to "draw all the loose snd reckless pleasure seekers of our city into an attitude of hostility to the republican party:" but neither the tears nor the protesta-tions of the republican organ wfll avail against solid facte.Lot as examine the matter. The constitu- tion of the United States, as It stands, placet men of all creeds upon the same political foot- ing. Our sires had suffered too much from the political power which was in the old time placed in the hands of the priesthood to con- tinue it under the new regime. The absence of anything like religious restriction in the fede- ral constitution swept away, with one blow, all the tyrannical enactments of the Puritans, but did not extinguish the spirit of bigotry which ex- isted in the hearts of certain pious people,whose faith consists in tbe belief that Heaven is a small private park, to which they have exclu- sive keys, and that everybody who tries to get in by some means other than theirs will be ine- vitably and incontinently damned. This section of the community Includes many parsons of——How York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Indiana of political infor- will be given to the farmers, mechanics and merchants of the Central and Western States, between this time and November, would be sufficient to set half adozen parties in business.Tan Wonts CH am CENTRAL PAWL,—11 Is Of the utmost importance that every facility shall be afforded to the Central Park Commissioners for actively poshing em tiae works in the Park during the fine season. No obstacles of a pe- cuniary nature should be allowed to stand la tbe way of the rapid execution of the plans, it is to be regretted that so much valuable time should have been lost la the spring, first by the hesitation oi the Legislature, and them by mo slower action of the cIty Boards. If the Cummiasioners had boon placed in possession of the funds which toey required earlier in the reason, the works would have exhibited a siderable advance upon their preaoni gratifying as that is.On the 25th of April an ordinance passed by the Board Of Aldermen authorising an emission of Central Park stock to the amount of $250,000. In view of the magnitude or the operations to ho carried on during the remainder of the year, we pronounced toe sumHEWS FROM WAflHOrCrTOI.Interesting Letter from the Secretary of the Navy.Additional RevetatiooilYtgrta* of Ceignai em the Appro-a i l l OOHDUI IIIIITTtB.«.OAIITw*4ex***AXv4MH %•••«« SS*tSMhave acted.This action by the delegation* that secededat Charleston is a practical consigning to obli- vion of the ultra fire-eaters hi the South, who are always ready to flare up and run away from their guns if victory Is aot conceded to them at the Ant flash of their primings. As matters turned at Chariestoo.it is now evident that had the seceding delegations stood op to their+*y in the Convention, and defended the interests of their constituents through the whole fight, instead of running away, a compromise and oonservativo ticket would have been adopted, under which the rights and the interests of the South would have been safe, and in support of which the national sentiment would have everywhere rallied. Even when the se- ceders abandoned their posts, the disor- ganiasrs had to adjourn the Convention to save themselves from defeat by the national men who remained true to their duty in that body. The Southern constituencies, in com- missioning those delegations to the adjourned Convention at Baltimore, have given a practi- cal aad strong rebuke to the men who desire to get up a Southern sectional party as an offniu>'i <iiion,iM4««r - I U I R U C i m n .wurfaa OABDBPB»w T oaa-tnvi** 1* OH.WaJU.AO*VS THBATBB,•ii-ii••UUI* TaSATBS. gsti n «I P U OF MA<iIO, 441n l WiMOOI-fATIOflALr ALACB OABDU.i n s a t ataaiSALOON.*e*o*aiWere the CommissionThe Rkkmoad Convention has very sensibly committed infanticide oa the Southern sec**- ev uuua **» wcutm am sion movement, by raaolfing togo into a re- cess until after the Baltimore Convention snailEWTOB AND psurunos.prevent a repetition of scenes similar to that of Pyramid Lake.The news from Oregon, California and Washing- ton Territory ia unimportant.and thefends i tvery forcibly impressed with the fact that when the Tribune tries to worry the republicanl o t progressing favorably.There are rumors of war between Nicaragua andSalvador, bat they are not considered reliable.. The President of Costa Rksa has published an am- nesty for all political offenders.Sabbath—has prevailed, in spite of Its uncon- stitutionality, and in defiance of toe fact that it conflicts directly with the spirit of our insti- tutions. In the State of New York the repub- lican party to directly responsible for the Sun-that as the matter is one of mere form on thethat the former had been shot at Guayaquil.Chile ia still progressing in the path of honora- ble industry and prosperity. The reported dis- coveries of new gold and silver mines have beenconfirmed.The ateamahlp Moses Taylor, Captain Baxter,with Havana dates to the 8th inat, arrived here yesterday afternoon. There is no news. The health of the city continued remarkably good.not now carry to a successful result, and, bury- ing the hatchet of past discord, unite in the support of some one of the many national men who can be consistently and enthusiastically supported by all.The Baltimore Convention is the true re gathering of the National Convention that met at Charleston, and the members should now come together wiser from the revelations of thelicans invariably is pat properly before the fifteen hundred thousand German and Irish vo- ters in the country, honest Old Abe Lincoln would not get the support of five thousand of them, and might as well have never split a rail, or been judge of a horse race in his life, so far as those accomplishments may be consid- ered as having aided in fitting him for the Presi-dency.ted to make ene political bed for week days and another for Sunday. The Puritanical laws are the children of the republican party- and if the unnatural mother insists upon desert- ing her brats, sickly and deformed though they be, we must raise our voice against such inhu-ever, arises from the fact that the municipal of-fices are filled by a set of politicians represent-ing different parties and sections of parties,each clique of course clamoring for its ownshare of the spoils, getting up all kinds of tittle-tattle about the other, and obstructing publicbusiness in the pursuit of its own Interests, itspetty revenges, prejudices and dislikes, and eachHouse of Representative* to present, sad upon the Senate to try, all oases of Impeachment of officers la those de- partments.With these limited exceptions, the teres great depart mentaol the government are absolutely independent of each other, and this independenoe was designed by the framers of the constitution, from extreme JsaBssaw of power, to guard against its concentration iaso satUa a vary large amount af claims to I to New Mexico, a n tmot M M•*•« • * « • • * * * * * • * • • • * • > • « * * * **-*AMBSBMBSTI n uBVBBINO.• • . 1 6 4ooaasB OF TaumirrH STRBTT AHO FOORTH set to the Northern black republican sectional-Representatives from Ohio or OBasBBBi ioarOBB aaval expenditures therein referred to this resolution the coaimBto* was appealed, Mr. Sherman waa Chairmen, constating ofaTBBOB -C*uioa*u MIIUUU.Bo. BM BBOADWAT.-CAuraBKU 00** Murine Bx-Hew T«*k, tt **m*»d*y, Jam* 13, ISOO.Bj the arrifal of the North Star from nspiawall,with the California mails of the 21st alt, we have ism and political abolitionism. The personal additional particular* of the lata massacre of whites contests of the political leaders have continued in Carson Valley, near Pyramid Lake, Western long enough, snd the critical hour is now Utah. The moat interne excitement prevailsthere ia 'regard to the late massacre. Thenewspapers were teeming with all sorts of rumorsBad surmises, and anticipations for a continuanceof the Indian hostilities, and volunteers were beingraised for active service against the red men. Nodoubt many of the reports of the magnitude andcharacter of the right and the foe which have beenmade have been exaggerated. Gov. Downey, of the national sentiment North as well as South, California, and Con. Clarke, the commander of the and who have taken no part in the bitter per- United States troops ia that section of the country, sonalities and hostile intrigues of the conten-a n employing all lawful and necessary means to tious cliques at Washington. It is then theFrom Jamaica there is no news. The dates aretoMay14. Theweatherlatterlyhadbeenvery past,andsoftenedintheirfeelingstowardseachone trying to oust the other out of office. One ownbottoms,andtheTribunecannotbepermit- timewehearofacabalofsmallpoliticiansThe Excise Commissioners granted two licenses•I their meeting yesterday, and passed a resolution the work upon the city, is one of the mostreqaosting the Board of Supervisors to famish them with an iron safe whereto to preserve the re- cords of their proceedings, «fc.las aattoa aaartat yastsriaV^ssw wsaont change ofehameral of the many profligate arrangements in which the two Boards have connived. In connection with the report prefacing these re- solutions, another was introduced on the same1 Sn of whtohwere avd to have been sold moae parcel evening, authorizing the Staten Island Ferry iattoeportssincetoe1st Company to erectabullhead fromthe outerMOBK INTERESTING DEVELOPMENTS—SECRE- beat information that could bo obtained, and vpoB tbe best judgment 1 could form, to defend my TARY. GUTHRIE IN THJE HANDS OF THB COVODB self for taking tbe opinion of an experienced engi4,898,000 bales, against panodte law, and 2,042,000 tobars reached 3,476,000 bales, agatestwall of the old Battery, at a distance of two hundred feet west of pier No. 1 East river; in consideration of which the company is to have the right to use this space for the ferry landingbook, it is announced, has reached its onehundred and fortieth thousand, and itfor his opinion, where I was called open to give tt only tbe weight which was dee to it for the reasons he assign ed; or otherwisets defend myself for the tntaner ta which I have exercised the discretionary powers which B was• I " President Breckinridge aad Secretary Ktoya * aa t'*JVism.By this act the Southern sectionalism have received their death blow, and it now only remains for the Baltimore Convention to meet and act In consonance with the impulses of a national sentiment and a true patriotism, to give the coup de grace to Northern sectional-mentsproceedings. The sum that was appropriated was too small to enable them to push forward the works with the spirit and energy which could be infused into them with the requisite command of funds. They therefore sent In a communication to the Board of Aldermen on Monday, asking for an ordinance authorizing an Issue of stock to toe amount of $833,000, being the entire sum that will be required for the operations of the current year.We trust that this matter wfll not be allowed to hang fire In the two Boards. The money has got to be paid at some time or otherto the Commissioners, and every motive of policy and economy dictates that it shall be given to them as promptly as toe necessary forms will permit By furnishing them at once with the funds necessary for the current expenses of the year, they will be able to avail themselves of the fine weather and push for- ward the works with all possible rapidity. It will be unpardonable if, through indifference or toe absence of the corrupt stimulus usuallyclose at hand when an injured and endangered country demands that they shall lay aside their insane bickerings, and unite on some man in whose support they can all rally for the common good. There are dozens of such men prominent in the political history of the country, commanding the confidence ofwealth and influence.times, to cause to be-passed unconstitutional and tyrannical acts, such as the Sunday laws which exist in many of the Northern States, and the absurd enactment prohibiting the sale of spirituous liquors, known as the Maine law. These men worked with the republican majority, and got the new Sunday law through our Legislature. A republican Legislature passed it; a republican Governor approved it,of IB* United States from every imputation,aad declaring that nothing Bad disclosed which could affect the personal or officialIntegrtty of the Secretary of fas Nary.Thus rolled and defeated by his own committee, whohad seen and heard the witness** brought forward by - tola. Mr. Sherman has now lntroiuced into the present Bouse the aasBBaao resolutions which h a s been thus re- rejected, has "rocurea them to be referred to the Commit too on Naval Expenditures, of which, though chairman of too Committee of Ways and Means, he was found to be a member, and now, withost proposing say further tasti- mony, he seeks, through the instrumentality of the pre- sent committee, which baa neither seen nor heard a wit • e s s OB the subject, to obtain from the House of Represen- tatives a rote of cemure upon the President of tbe TJnBed States and upon the Secretary of tee Nary for the man nerln which they have exercised their official dhwreUoa In tea performance of BjaW otfictal duties. 11 must be obvious to every one. upon the mere inspection of tans* resolutions, that it was aot the object or the author of them, ia introducing them into the present House of Representatives, to institute an Investigation into tea state of the Department for purposes of legislative re- form, nor waa it biaebject to institute an Inquiry to aid the Bona* in say way in taw exercise of its legialatave functions. He baa not sought to invert t a t committeeduty of the Convention about to meet at Balti- more to set aside both of the factions whose hostile efforts against each other have brought the country into such a critical position, andrepublican organ par excellence de- Under these circumstances, we arejrnr TaRK HBRALD, WEDNESDAY, JUKE IS, ISM.We have received some two weeks later intelli- given an opportunity to base and huckster- party out of the responsibility of the* law, it is applied to the business energies of the twoproposed to call witnesses to prosecute an investigationtnto facts. He has not taken the first step to shod any tag its pendency. Ho did aot deay having 1gence from South and Central America, by theBtnT^'r North Star, Captain Jones, which ar- ing politicians to drive corrupt bargains, simply guilty of making an intentional falsesew light upon tea subjects referred to la these resolu-tions. It Is equally obvious that it was not the object ofthe author of them that ths Hawse should exerciseits constitutional power of impeachment Theysnow upon their face that no intention of purpose wrote points in tbe latter, la regard to these pons to go to ihe Senate, ss a high court of impeachment, withrived at this port yesterday from Asp in wall. The and put the State up for sale to the higheststatement, and one which is quite gratuitous, as it will not deceive any sensible person for aBoards, the opportunity should be lost of ad- vancing their execution to a point which will next year double the attractions of the Park It will be the lees excusable when it is taken into account that the present state of the money market is peculiarly favorable for the disposition of the amount of stock required. By issuing it now the money can be obtained at a rate which a few months hence it may beto oppose It by the aBBaSatSaw at U sgeneral tenor of Mr. Cox>s atstemsat was at wan teat of Gen Goiger, with respect to the inews ia aot very important.la Ne w Granada the revolution was progressingbidder.It was this personal contest that gave the Albany Regency an opportunity to perpetuatemoment.Neither the Tribune nor the republicanany presentment of delteq wricy. On the contrary, from •very act done, and from ever j act omitted to be done, it appears onaohawvoty that the proceeding la the present Congress ha* no reference whatever to anyMr. James H. Smith, former editor cf u , was, at tea reqaast af Oon. Osegsv, r saSmith fully corroborated the statementi of Gm I Mr. steate end Gen Gelger bet87th of April, ISM, Mr. Lewisthe etty of Cohuabos, Baarsag a msasorsarhua prepared by Mr. Cox ttto a certain extent. General Moequera had issueda proclamation declaring the State of Cauca inde-pendent. The parties hare not yet oome to blows, its own base existence, by making secret and in a majority Puritanical legislation—legisla- and it was hoped that the efforts of General Herranto effect some compromise might be successful.Ia regard to railroad matters on the Isthmaa, ourcorrespondent says the Sanford negotiations arecorrupt bargains with all of the parties, and then by cheating all to make Itself apparently tbe master of the situation. Four different political combinations, that were formed with the hope of securing the Charleston appro- bation for their respective tickets, re- ceived and counted on pledges from the Richmond, Cassidy, Cogger & Co. clique,tion having a direct tendency to abridge thefreedom of the citizen and to restrain the toil-ing millions from harmless recreation on the impossible to get it at. We trust, therefore,exercise of the power of impeacbment or of 'But is designed solely and exclusively tor theiufltctitg a vote of censure upon the President of theUnited States and the Secretary or the Navy for the exerasm of tttat offlsUl discretion which the constitution aadlaws haveooafsrroduponthemaadmad*Btheirdstyto Ington, andseatbybimtob* submated ati asm saan.MwvalJTbeHDermTheBelievCeTMeat Baa* ofaiTBI syne BamTOBali Bos tb.Dates from Caliao are to May 14, and Valparaiso and were all cheated by them. Let the day law, and all other enactments of tbe sameMay 90. The former place has not yet been re- Southern men, tbe Guthrie men, the Douglasduced to ashes by the French fleet there assembled; on the contrary, notwithstanding the bluster of President Castula, the French officers were receiv- ed by him moat courteously, and the difficulty, of which we publish a history, was in a fair way of being amicably adjusted.In Ecuador affairs were in the same unsatisfac-tory position they have been in for some time.Generals Franco and Flores were each endeavoringto take the Sold against the other. It was reported interests to lay aside the plans that they can- that such legislation originates with the repub-men, and the Dickinson men, all remember, whentbey meet at Baltimore, how they were seve-rally deceived and betrayed at Charleston bythe Albany plotters, who now, having height- may play any day in the week, seek ened the feuds between the several politicalbe always out of gear. There Is a perpetual con-to make the observance of the Sabbath le- interests, claim to be the arbiters of the fates of gally obligatory. That is the plain truth abouteffects whereof they are too often compelled to tion, and at times to interpose his veto, B a check upon Both. The executive power is enookodThey have been able, atleaders can deny that wherever tbey have beencharacter. They are engineered by the ultra brimstone and blue fire section of the party, who, having enriched themselves by the labor of the working man so that theymachinery of our city government appears toall. Every motive that impels men of patriot- the matter, and the Tribune shakes in its shoes, realize in the mismanagement of the most im-by the constitutional provision requiring the ad. vice and consent of the BBBsSs in cases of treaties and appointments. Tbe executive aad judicialism and honor calls upon all those political because it knows very well that if the truthportant affairs concerning the interests of therainy, which interfered to some extent with the other by the turning to ashes of hopes they once Kingston market, in keeping back country pur- thought to grasp. The new contrivances tochasers and produce. Yet the business for the carry out old schemes, and the new delegations fortnight preceding oar latest dates was not very sought for to realise impracticable schemes,dalL The prices for some articles had fallen be- low last quotations.The Democratic Southern Leceoaioa NationalPresidential Convention, which met at Richmond,Va», en Monday, permanently organized yesterdayby choosing John Erwin, of Alabama, for Preaideat.' should be set aside. If it does not fulfil this Hon. Massa Greeley.AMMUNITION FOR THE CAMPAIGX. — Several democratic associations which were established in this city and vicinity tor campaign purposes have lately been in a comatose state, on account of the fizzle at Charleston. Without a candidate, their constitutions, by-laws and documents of all sorts, were of no more value than so many old clothes. They attempted to open toe politicalshop without any capital wherewith to carry on the business, and therefore found them- selves compelled to put up the shutters.•The session of Congress yesterday was mainly THE BATTBRY ENLARGEMENT JOB.—We see Their prospects look brighter, however, nowthreatening to oust the Mayor, by a removal forcause at the hands of the Governor. Then weGeneral Oeiger corrected Mr. Cox'sregard to tbe alleged interview between Cobb, President Buchanan and Mr. Cox, denyBiBS bad testified that teen had b e n snob a eaeetisg, toll Oox had told him there had been; that he could ito the truth of Mr. Oox'a statestents, bnt that hi Mitinctly swear that Mr. O n detailed to him theowvai tion aa having taken place betvreea him and Bucaa and Cobb.BOmom asjernnmrr or co.iGFHfc There seems to be little doubt that a*rtsolultion to adjourn on the 19th win be ocxaaacuL aacsraoarv wrra ran anmsa nonmJ. D. Andrews, tats United States Consuland New Brunswick, be* preasntod to Oeagrsmthe Chairman of the Committee on Foreign ReBtisst,| memorial showing the importance of ths rsets treaty, and protesting against tbe coaspBistt of is affected disutcta being received sstodtoaBossof the | lie opinion of the commercial total saw of tt* CsStates, aad asks that, if aay change be made, lenafl I tat enlarging tea beam of tb* treaty, perfecting destroying it The memorial embraces important i ties ia support of this view of ths questioa.IEX Hosrswnun STL!The Senate have appointed Mean*. Jouasos, of'Dooiittle snd B own their conferees n ths i bill confsvenee. Tb* B « n * confereesand the usual number of Vice Presidents and Secre-taries. The Committee on Credentials were dig-charged from farther consideration of the applicatoon of the Hew York National Hall delegates forseats in the Convention. A resolution, stating that,the delegates to the Convention having been ap-pointed on the basis of the majority platformadopted at Charleston, farther action at this timehi relation to a platform is unnecessary, was adopted; and after several speeches, the Conven-tion adjourned, to meet at Richmond on the 21stinat, two days after the meeting of the Baltimore scorn. Convention.devoted to the consideration of appropriation bills, but we have no apace for an extended reference to the proceedings. Our reports and despatches tap. ply the details.that the Board of Councllmen have passed re- solutions directing the Comptroller to adjust and settle the accounts of the contractor, Hen- ry Conklin, and instructing him, after they are so arranged and paid, to advertise for proposals to complete the unfinished work. There neverthat the Richmond Convention has adjourned over to Baltimore, where one or more nomina- tions will undoubtedly be made. The clubs committees and associations of all sorts can then go to work with something tangible to work for.All this trouble and quarrelling are the workof a band of miserable office-hunting politicians,who infest the purlieus round and about the CityHall—the same fellows who control the pri-mary elections, and have filled our municipal within its scope tbe members of the Senate. It would beAldrioh,morning. Tbe difference between the two bU* s «.a decided; bat it ia understood thai all the coaferesM anxious to 'reconcile them, if possible, wtthost ithe principle deemed essential to each honesTHK OaST STIMASK*.PeUtlona are pouring in from all qiartors urgingCongress to pass * law allowing tb* nebaar* * <""' ' ta*MintforgoldaadaUrer. Mr.Ban presented - ral ten morning.TBS RirOBTTO COCX r«B7.The report that a cock fight a ebartiy to oome ill i*lThe second trial of apeed between the renownedtrotting horses George M. Patchen and Flora Tern.pie came off yesterday, and resulted in the triumphof Patchen. An immense crowd of spectators wit- was a more nefarious job than this Battery en-offices with the worst class in the community. We hope, however, that they will let the Street Commissioner alone. He is agood and faithful officer, and has done more than any of his prede- cessors to procure an honest administration ofa department which, previous to his time, was toe hotbed of fraud and corruption. The Street Commissioner has enough to do to attend to his duties, without being obliged to de£id himself against the attacks of a set of beggarly politicians, hungering for plunder.a gross and manifest usurpation in clear aad palpable violation of the constitution—I will not any unexampled,nessed the race. A full report of this interesting contest ia given in Unisys paper.largement, and the manner in which George Law was suffered to tarn it to his private ac- count, and then throw back the execution ofThe black republicans, on the other hand,have got their candidate, such as he is (betterthan none, we presume), and their clubs havecommenced the campaign in earnest. Amongother things, they have issued a new edition ofthe party gospel—the notorious Helper book.The new edition contains all the inflammatorymatter of the old one, and is somewhat ampli-fied by the addition of new materials of thesame character. It contains, likewise, thenames of all the Senators, members of Congressand other party leaders who have endorsed itstreasonable and seditious doctrines. Tbe COMMITTEE.—Mr.John Covode's Congressional aeer of the higbest character, wHh the reason*tan PAonc Tnanstrn.amended tbe B a n * amaarfirnat toare all failures, and should be at once acknow-ledged as such. The Convention has a duty toperform to the whole country, and in such a manity. We are quite shocked at such conduct crisis as the present all minor considerationsvery well BOfar, although he is a thoroughbred Tammany politician, leaving a little room for im- provement, it is true, as regards the cleanliness of the streets and the rigid enforcement of cer- tain city ordinances. Now it appears the whole force which the small politicians can command is directed toward the removal of the Street Commissioner. Captain Smith, who is one of the best public officials we ever had, and who is not a politician, but a West Point officer—one who is not experienced in the dirty ways of politics, but only understands how to do his duty, and does it, moreover, after the manner of a strict disciplinarian, permitting no dereliction of duty in his subordinates, and fulfilling his own en- gagements with a fidelity quite singular in a corporate official.bound by tbe highest of all obligations to support.It Is difficult to believe that the mover of these raaota- tions can entertain tae remotest expectation that the House of Representative* will usurp the special judicial power which Is exclusively conferred upon the Senate, or will attempt to arraign at its own bar, and to try aad condemn, s a y executive or judicial officer of this government, or to inflict a vote of censure or any outer punishment upon any such officer, without a trial a* 1 without an opportunity to be confronted by his accuser and by the witness** against b u s , and to be heard in his owa defence. It Is beyond the utmost stretch of human charity or credulity to suppose that the author of these resolutions, or any on* who has directed tbe least attention to the distribution of the powers of this goversment, can far a moment ontertam the. belief that toe House it Representatives has any power to in tiict a punishment of the most trivial kind, and least of all, tbe grave punishment of a vote of reboke aad cen- sure, upon the President of tbe Unttod States, tbe Basis of departments, the Judge of tbe Supreme Court, or of any inferior court, or upon any officer whatever belong ing to the executive or judicial departments, for assumed offiebvl misdoing, or the wrong exercise of official discretion. These officers are, many of them, en- trusted with great power*, and often with a large discretion, which tbey are bound to exercise ac- cording to their own best judgment, and the framers of tbe constitution did not see fit to make them reapanatbM for M to that body, which, however important and ex elted. is, from its nature and coaptation, or all others, least flitted for tbe exercise of juitcial functions—tbe popular branch of Congress Such an assumption of power ever all the officers of this government would en- tirely change the character of tbe Bouse of Representa- tives, an* might with equal re—on and propriety embraceduty, if it continues the personal and bitter hostilities that have marked the courses of the party leaders for some time past, it will give the government over to the control of the sec- tional fanatics of the North, through the elec- tion of Lincoln, and this will be the beginning of revolution and universal ruin throughout the country, in which the contentious politi- cians who have permitted it will be the first to reap the public indignation and the publicI UMwas Snavy aad easier tor during the continuance of their ferry. Notwith-will, undoubtedly, be circulated to a very with all the professional pride of a Washington my duty to exercise, aonoroing to my best judgment, in Tbey state that they asver hear* ef a **ui iney » •theMBpeesibleDOSSBOBwhich Ioccupy Toahthis,and lath*papers. fgreat extent during tins summer and fall, market hatcher when called upon to cut up a much more, 1am ready to respond, it those woo have tbe tiw wealthy republicans coming gown hand- power shall see fit to give me an opportunity in any eon-prize ox. The latest of Mr. Covode's victims stitutionai way. I am, very raspeetrdily,standingthe strenuous oppositionof Council- man Finckney, the resolution was passed by a vote of two to one.This, we need scarcely add, is one of the most barefaced swindles that has ever been perpe-WBMTKK AXO i n roer orru* BLA*K> 1from which a large rent might be derived, has been voted away In perpetuity, without a cent of compensation being received for i t Bad as the Union Ferry Company is, it has never at- tempted anything so shameless. It required « • kago iapndeooe of theYoung Men's Committee andthe National Demo- Kentucky. Thai will put Mr. Guthrie out la cratic Volunteers, can take the fie id and fire the cold, so far as the Baltimore nomination Isred hot shot, in the shape of documents, news-pspers, Ae., into the enemy's camp. The elec- one leas; hut no one need fear that the supply time of capture Oapt. Marin threw «-rerbo*rd *!t tb* pa tioneering field is somewhat limited, and, there- wfll aot ho qaite equal to toe demand, as new per* conssroanMtag tb* Cabaa authorities tav tb* expediCParties, like men, must stand on theirttty of Post Office bleak printing. Mr. Smith's an wore carefully guarded, abstaining from infer*** , from tea facto stated by him it fairy appears thai attemptsweremade,bntwerefutile,owingtobaas hostility to the adminiairation.on the part of so pure a philanthropist as thesomely to pay for i t On the democratic side is Mr. Guthrie, who, it is said, wfll shortly be no money will he subscribed until after the overhauled, upon toe charge that while he wasTour obedient s*r»act ISAAC TOTJ&T, Sssreury of the NavyJudge BHck sea dieoovered »ose? * •* touer* #r by Webster, at t^reey's saggemtoa, m regard «» f office blanks, which are said t* be very *»•*'•< Chevalier ForneyT H M T Y - a q f T H C*>BGRESS FlBSr SBSBIOh.B < W*SHii«Tfl*.J *'' ***candidates are ia the field. Then the old com-trated upon the) city. Available franchise, mittees, and the new organizations, such as the money was used in some private operations InTUBcAnrraas gramaa waa sTaaaaaa.Official imormation received here leaves as doubt that Use Spanish vc saela captured off Vera Oms *y oar equaat the time insufficient.. rs to put on the force of laborers which they could employ, without being able to count with certainty on the money to pay them, they moat subject themselves to great embarrass-and endanger 4toeregularity oftheirUnless we assume thai the whole object of this pro oeoding B mere partisanship, under the cloak of offletiU ings or stealings to be made out of it. tbey will forms, aad sheltered by official irresponsibility, there is ao other possible purpose or object of this unprecedented lose no time in giving effect to the action of proceeding than that to which I have alluded. Is It a legitimate or constitutional proceeding? IBs powers of this government are vested in three distinct aad independent departments—the legislative, executive aad judicial. The THE WAR AMONG OOB CITY OFFICIALS.—The legislative power is vested In Congresi, the executive in th* President, and Ihe judicial in the Supreme Court and such safestot courts so Osngrsss from time to time may es- tablish. Bach department tt independent of the others, excepttatcertain eases, specifically denned by the consti-bodyiag ths various argameats for sad against ttsl lath bill by the aati Leooaaptoa rtimssrsBl iaTUB paper set forth very rally th*Jviews of Judge that mopposJtto* to the bill, snd was ooaaddorei \>j l whom it was submitted at Columbia atOn ricrtlodlT against the MILMr. Cox 'a Manas at home, they united m a stesttS i him,urgmghlmtovxitoagals*rtfa*EagiBtiblll. Mil replied to them immediately, by telegraph, that n v*part of the two Boards, and as there are no pick-the Legislature.flict going onbetween the different departmentsand the different officials, toe cause of whichthe public can hardly understand, but the eviltution The legislative department Is divided into two right, he breathed more freely, and teat DeagBsare told that the City Inspector is going to beousted. Mr. Delavan has performed his duty tion, they violate that sacred charter which tbey areCommittee has taken up the task of slaughter- ing democratic aspirants for the Presidency,pay, between pairs of fowto own*d reapsot'veJTo Hon. Reaamr BUrroa, Oaatrasaa of Coauahtee on Secretory of too Treasury the government Naval Expenditures, Bo*** of R-H-resentatlvesdron, while in the act of carrying supplies to BlrasK*, wil concerned. That makes the list of candidates be assjgsssnei ia Mow Orleans It appears that at themonopolist fore, the fight wfll be hotter. It srill ho of no aspirants are springing up every day. They tion. Tb* panes* were, however, staked ap out wf tae water, aas tbey sin now m posaeaai-m of tb* Coon.ef Vtagsstaiaad wariraam.Vtai areata coeenr'vd to tb* *s*iee asses'!*'Pecane V* <»'«vu e*u:. t*« 4day to plan and coolly carry out this I us* to attempt to do anything with the Southare ptentier titan strawberries, quite as cheap, but not quite so fragrant.UntitledThe battle ground Is inThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tion and two adbinJsiraUon members wnprosecnied by MrA great number oflaw BrTb* Covode Committee to day « Forney and Wendell ware ate lasttwelve former's testimony was shown asteaPraHsai salfast ho aad been offered %j toiJverpool,orthemiasm*toIma, if he would attiassasa In the policy of u>«i bat bo •inWBsa Mr. Ws*i*U tsaaSai talea BBBBBSBd dollars Is his jpresent to OoL Ibraoy, aad If aaoosaaiyto iasreeae it totweaiyortwentyflv*IIf he would accept the Liverpool On***!** or tse i to one of tb* great Powers of tees*; batAlter tbe teetimony of G«n. Oeigor, ofOstambeM before the Covode Committee, as pabOabsd ta the I efMoadayaaorasag,a.&On,M0.afOnto, before tee committee, and stated among ether t Ceo Oeiger waa mistaken In his statement rnatsj vtow had taken plaos between him (Oox) and Cobb and the Preaident Be asm differed troa ila the statement In regard to the offer of ths i of Gelger as OommBwtoner to New ila detail his own version of tea mission of a; Oolmnbcs, from Washington, to consult tta report bundred eludedfilling apageshMt district prior to ha (Oox'a) vot* on with power to send for person* or papers. Be has aot bill. He stated that ths question had beanbranchea, the Senate aad House of Representatives, the concurrence of both being accessary to a u t o a law, and each is therefore an absolute check upon tbe other, aad the President, being required to participate in legisiathe Knghah bill tbe aext day. Net»i usual aaos, Mr. Oox voted for tea bat Sbonbi tb* bin paaasd Mr. Oox returned to Corambus. sat Iwith Messrs South aad Oeiger, thi their damppointinent and regret at hB ithe course of that conversation, Mr. flatter bavBf*Mr Oox suggested to Mr Smith that he might | city. The real cause of all the trouble, how- departments are subjected to too power ooafsrrod oa tea General Ostger tt* appal saw eat ofpertinent by tbe resistance of ths other* Theonly exercise tbe legislative power, aad that portion ofexecutive and judicial power thus conferred upon It the support of the Slalowa* by obtaining for t i n The Bouse of Representatives can only exercBe the legis-lative power, and tbe power of presentment before theSenate as a high Court of Impeachment teas oonferred upon it. Each may Institute an inquiry or investigationtoaidttIntheexerciseofthesepowers,andeach may protect Ma own sittings, elect sad dismiss itsown cilicers, and try, condemn, censure and expel itsown members. Thus far they have power to go, aadwhen tbey proceed one step furthe* than to exoercne theplain powers thus conferred upon them by the constitu-for we have h a l an Alien and Sedition leled in the history of tbe country.law—but unparal- * '* "You will aot, therefore, expect me, la any such proceed tags as tela, to come beiore yon to defend say on* against tapaiU evident*, taken before a defunct committee of the last Ooagress, to defend the Preaident for receiving bj mail, and referring in tea usual course of bus ne*a, or myself lor reesiring a letter partially of a political aheraeter, on the snbjaot of a con- tract which was rightfully awarded, without any regard to it, to the lowest bidder, in accordance with the unani macs opinion of a Board of Engineer*, who bad no xnow- iedge of Ma existence} to defend myself tor making an ad- vantageous purchase of necessary government supplies at tbe lowest price offered, when I had an unquestionable right to do so; to defend myself for makingmenu upon the highest rwooauKsdatioasTbePacific Telegraph bill, by striking oat tb* part ta rsi» to adverttshig for sealed raoposah, Im.aad Insert!*! ten thereof s direction to make a contract wtth Vc Barnom and others for the coBStrnction of ths lies thus aBMinrtoa. tbe Boat* emeada* ui era* ooacarred Tbe Hoees has yet to set upon the buXto do so Mr. Smith doubted General Oeiger weald take tee appoUtment, e count af Bis hostility to Mr. Buchananstion Mr. Smith was closely examined as to t u attempts of tea friends of to* adatetiatrasloa Is anSenateColfax, aad Carry. Tbey meet u iA k*n was pases* to ezptam the act for n - . . * • • ' * * |Mi. OJ scandalous spoliation of the city domain.I or with New England.they eoosau at copies an* ottgrcate of tetter* an i re • it>-« of Cuban cflicah, ta* Oovtrner of LOC Pa.v '.*,<t«ijiofA bin Kf it* it>nf of n.vK* r * :** ***"**• j.ri U' <WTituarv, (rsp) o< R ' peesesv-Documentwww.fultonhistory.com 