 JBXM WAfiemCTON.ii tke Senate aad Houm.aTCRues efelevtVkU)eBaea qTvial^lt7otoaaU],lw.hwaMtftalrwar(afUUftfnapo-UHiet oftbeHowetocd by many, and Mstta all. In the eenaonlea of t his lad tribnte to tha mamorr of your lata asweiate. Senators, aiay I not remark upon tae aaleMn thought, whieh the ooeaatna ladnoea us to reatiae—in the midstlirsseat aad many future genetaHofieshsdlhave passed away, that our Union will stand against every nollti- cal tempest, transmitting to posterity tbe blessings ofand may we not continue, with due regard, te submit to Him, whoseMr. MATKAan, of Teaaessee, (Am.,) asked but failed to obtain leave to iotrodnee a resolution pro- viding for the selection of seats by drawing for tfaem.MONETARY AFFAIRS.8,000Mo.8t.ea....bsssoS 11HadsoaRiverR. 4UM ...If. Sioxok«• «^ •w-Tor* Tla«,6,000 10,000"'^jTothiBj of Interert ta»B«piredRailroad Conventionreferred to a Select Committee..S3a 80WC«i«TM« 10-««r. l»yO«>d«'«' »l»BOMC»Bl«nttftt*The »B»er»l addrewMresolutionsResolvent That tbe members of the Seua^e, from a sin-Mr. Shirhah's motion on tbe election was then stated.60100 do too doWkbitcnk, MclidaT,liberty Inherited from our fathersproceedings10 Mich. Cen. RaiI'd. S'S260 do 37JJ^aalkafSeantorBieBUueK.wan JKMMd to with the dcepot toterest.eveThecere dcvfre of showing every mark of respect te the of Bon. David V, BaoDiaicK. andOn motion ofMr. of PaxLPS,was a call of the House.ssoiaut do I3l!j• elect • Printer, and the remit of the.•UoiatoBriU* ports,C*« to day. HI. lordship had a '«*m*gone, wmboreei.e thTehaftlatterer and the flattered are alike no belongs to this world, and not to that. I knew Senator BaoDzaiox, but I had not known himin tbe brief and cleardescrip- tion. He was. Indeed, aa the Senator has well said, no ordinary mant Datid C. BaoDsaiox was a pecu-country. Mr. ParriT, of Indiana, (Rep.,) nomiiuted JooH D.DivRsis, also a practical printer.Jos SzvxRAiici, A. D. Bakxs, Edward Baxisdalxt«T of Lord Jo"m*."R^o*s"- ,rta««i.Cas^ai.dthe .ohjectfor many years. Bisatory we have had asinto the law In relation to the for the House of the printingRepresentatives, prices paid for it, and the duty of the Printer, wbsae doty it shall be to report thereon with the least possible delay, such improvements aai^otoder..],ap«,«aentto oar Government replyexpressed language of the Senator from70H .yfce 10%Feb. «. in «ither Houseat San Fraaclsco The question i«as negatived By r7 against W.and the Secretary's with some warmth.were discussedWoistCT M«L«i spent part of the day at the StateCalifemia. I have to add to that nothingthey mayno in or which he Beiftiim Benaton proooimee the eommercial prorl- didponsoitUolneavelibfie,s high low, upondeepimpression. Hemadehis dtai ef the treaty adairable, and Hie only dlAcalty mark wherever he stood, and no man can look backttlhe fear that It may InTolre us in dlfficaltles with tihipeoenxhtiesntlifoefand smaoyrethat it has been, according toMexico.aifUy latere«tin(information was received heredecidedly marked, than that or David C. Biodsuoe. drawn.He made his way through all the dliScnItles of hisearly life, and while yet in tender years he was The House then proceeded to vote.thrown into tbe midst -of the temptations of a great Whole number of votesyeeterday by Maj. P»»»*«. from Upper Mexico. Some ftve'hVKlred men were maichlnc from Durango on CUboakaa, suKiosed to be robben, but calling them- aelre* " Tacubaylsta." The Governor of Chihaahuacity, without a friend or monitor. And, thoughwithout a friend or miiiitor, he seems to have pre-served, according 'to all tastlmony, his Integrity inthe midst of temptation. He made advances againstill the disadvantages of life which surrounded him.He as he to awas. Sir, appeared me, man of pur-poses and convictions. He followed them strenu-Necessary to a choiceMr. DefreesMr. GlossbrennerMessrs. Gales <feSeaton- 2 1 Mr. FlanaganThe House again voted. Whole number183 92 2 I I•MtMezimMtoSlI83 Necessary KPaso In forty-eight hoars, 293 the aotiioritles there to procure fromlilt, yUng4k«-»—"'•"sideandforwardtwohundrediWesfor heart was not wanting. And, though in-their protection.VtoMe would be asked to Interfere. Maj. Pasu-s•aUad (mmedlately on the President, and laid before ^ij.the(actswhicharenowundercoiialderation.Mr. Speaker PnniHSNi denies having had any-•hft* do Kith the payment ef Mr. Clat's debts,^ stated by a correspondent of the Cincinnati 'Com- mmiiil Seneithersawthemoneycollectedforthatand convictions, yet he was of a kiid andconciliatory spirit. He possessed the devotion of tilsfriends in a most extraordinary degree, as I learnfrom those who were much better acquainted withhimthanmyself. Mr.BioDsuox'afriendswoulddofor any one of his friends all that they would do forMr. BxoDiaiCK himself. By his own devotion andaympathy for them, he commanded and swayed theirfeelings and controlled their conduct to a most re-markableandeztraoidinarydegree. Inthisbody,soteras icould judge, his conduct seemed to be that ofaa upright, bold, and faithful public servant He was ceased friend, believing his career would serve as anotapolishedman. Hewas, at moments,mshandpa^iosa,nor paid it out. The story is a fabrication.gaveglorious precedent for the poor and humble, who,roughfrankness as open as the day, he spoke what heonlyTheyCsapasy B, of the Fourth Infantry, wlU resumethe wealtn of intellect to command.wt the Third Artillery, will return to duty at Fwt thought, and spoke it like a man. He was a man•f the FourthInfantry^From the Associated Press.Q.that created sympathy. He was a man whose very orig- in seemed to be the ofispring of mystery, and it sur- rounded him in such a way through life as to Impart to liim a certain reserve akin to gloom. |Hia was a formidable name. Stem, honorable, ami onwardthe records of public virtue.Mr. Stodt, of Oregon, (Dem.,) paid a tribute of re-spect to ills friend.Mr. BuRURSAiu,of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) spoke ofWABHOiaTOH, Monday^ Feb. 13.'altkmOShmwMatt»a«arista. IBUaia*t«waamad*ooa-LtMMniOsnSavoB.—«ibtoo, Mast seoawith Nataie's anre denaad, aad keare then earthly Electa Mater. scenes for that "bonme froa wheaee no traveler e'erdecrees are lliul.UtM.S.F C.Bi.. M 1.000 Mich. Bo.ls>llbs. n 6ta06.hChic3dM.ba. 8761 Meehanics' Bank.lie 100 20 Union Bank»BankofASO Bko'SUUomfeNrl.eY*..Mich. 80. fc N. I. PanamaRailroad isakb«0.13]i«:of a Printer Missouri, (Dea.,) there,!Mr. HousTOH, of AUbaraa, (Deia.,)We,at•2 too Keatncky 8t Sa. ink 3Ucomplyreturns." May we not eameetty hope, when the every Deml>er.ihaSMekBaehaaaa... .Fsa.lt. Brie RaUrosd;Mr. President, 1 oifer the followingR6memory will lateamember thereof,ing crape on the left arm for thirty days.go'08 doiOoniHMr. DX7Baaa received the votes of ail others present, fornia over his last resting-place. And perhaps no will, under the power of which party names and laeluding Mr. Davis of Maryland, and excepting single grave in that ^tate will be bedewed with more party discipline disappeared. Men forgot that.Jfaeywere ^ Democrats or Republicans, and caUrathem- eelves Roderick men. Scornful of corruption and tyraimy, in the grandeur and purity of lus public ao'l private life he saw the very point which made lilm the advocate of the people's rights.Mr. Morris, of Illinois, (Dem.,) spoke of Mr. Brosxrick'b tulsing himself to eminence by his own event materials, both copious and fruitful, wherewltb energy of character. What had he done that he 'was severely attacked by pleurisy. to enlarge on the Integrity ol the American Union and should die by the hand of violence? If he had been Mr. FAarrswoxTB Intends introducing a bill for the the destiny of the American people. But he will alto- less independent, he would have bees a living man gether fail, however, if he does not succeed in raising to-day. He was a moral hero, and alike scorned the Houston, Rcsk and Bsodeiuck to their rank among the smiieE and corruption of power, calling things by their organizers of our American States, such as the world right names. No Senator in so short a time ever ac- has assigned to Wisturop, Wuxiams, Ralxioh, Psnn quired so wide-spread a fame. When the roil of and OoLXTuospi, as well as in placing Tavlox and California statesmen shall be called, on the Judgment- the statements regarding affairs in that quarter as Scott, and Wortb and Qijitman, as Generals besUe day, and Brodrricx is Inquired for, more than one WasdisctonandGbzik,andGatiband.Mabio!(.And voicewillreachtheearofJehovah,saying:*'Am1Messrs. Staxtcs, Adams, and Caut.As the contest is so close, the expected arrival ofMr. Stallwortb to-morrow is a matter of much inte- leet among the Democrats.sincere and earnest tears than the grave of David C. BaoDuiCK.Mr. SiwABD, of New-York, <Rep.)—Mr. President: The great national event of our day, I think, is the extension of our empire across the interior of theSenator DonsLAS had prepared an eulogy on Mr. contineDt from the borders of Missouri to the PacificBaoBuicz, to be delivered to-day, but last night ha coast. Hewhoshallwriteitshistorywillfindlathattransportation of the mails from Missouri to the Pa- cific by railroad, and Mr. Gaow will shortly iutroduca a bill for the admission of Kansas iuio the Union.Private accounts from the Rio Grande representBuch exaggerated, the object being to afford a rest- less set of adventurers a pretext for crossing into Mexico. Apartfrom Cortinas' band the Mexicans are represented as exceedingly friendly.A report prevails that the Secretary of State, Mr. birth, nor fortune, nor education, nor training, nor early y outh and manhood was passed. He spoke ofCabs, has been attacked with serious illness.SENATE.Washisgtok, Monday, Feb. 13,fpavtorroendpgaem.bition in his case. Wnpirlesetige anyyet verj- young,him the founder fornia.of theDemocratic PartyinCali-The Senate met at 1 o'clock. No preliminary irregular groups of adventurers who went there fromtaslness of moment was transacted.Mr. Hauh, of California, (Dem.j—Mr. Presidentall parts of the world, who appeared reckless of allby one absorbing pas-washisrnent It afforded bim to carry out ills judgment when Ilm?'- "* ^^^ ''"i' legitimate and commendable»mt>monkept his eye steadily fixed upon a seat inWOLPR'S PURS IRIBB WmSKT. WOUR'S BOUIXDAII SCHSAPPS.lM«rhJwa,ch^''''"'r!^successfulaiforts,quality.pricesNo. 22 Beavei-st.BaosxaicE's characterstrong,W hlSfr' ^'^'f' " ">« P'«e. of »11 otnen, deemedThe subscriber leave to Inform country mer-vIloDTM.,(^f''t'"'' »"! he WMsuKUi^l^'^''"''^In this and in Senator for the thlsfloorslSeof ciS,Slf.,^'"i^^ ?'«" la March of TtiS' t ""« «^'appoint- Co-if^^^" "><"' suitable for the de-the above named articles, all of which are warranted"P?" tieipaota with him in ii,„ "^Z, P/r'*"', "f" In'n-,-'?","jaetlon in the Senate f.,Tnis'!S >'^"-,."'* °?='^ reeotd, and many men,*,?.' ''J'""' "' V** '"•*-TM»'who was"""* "' P"''"'= 2ow to speak, for to^lay the", .Iry'v.'": '"y, P"JP°^ c«ntroveTfT subside, when we sundbv.fl'^ '"''"/aa^^vushere. Ofthatre,-oM»;.^ one, who t£ou,h once engaged uZlZstrife, now lies cold^CK was no ordinary manInfluence and .fortune he made bis way to eas« « JhdistincUon, and by his life and successes heol'ition was adopted,ments ofbers o( deatbi, and pulseless forever.^'^^f^tlleWednesday,o'clock,pi'tlltftal,h. .i, DavTbc 1^2^jhe beant; of our American institutions iniliunr^j opening tiiesuccess. Relief li Only ii cenu a bottle.Itomedlate and certain.1Against ibe lrow„ro(Maine, whensutesmanshlp.cau be WOLFE,[A4mM«eij,ept.1HOLtOWAY'S OlSTMENT—FLUID ANH CaMPHK-NKEiPLOsictB.—This preparation is tbe iiest remedy yet offered to the public for lis immediate relief In all such accidents. It speedily alleviates the pain and extracts ihe heat and inflammation, leaving neither scar nor blemish.[AdT«rtlaen,eBt.1MBS. WIBBLOW'S 8OOTHIH0 BTRtJP.ai,ii:quicklyrich the first by beingIropanlallty w ill also require him to testify that Broi>- E&icK, more vigorously and resolutely than any of his predece-tsors, overcame the accidents and circum-my brother's keeper?"Mr- SicKLXg, of New-York, (Dem.,) said there wereInto deceased, mourning by weal-lOOvra»nt lsooISIIa.LCeItntCrhailc.BalRalirl'.4 K\<» Vm-'ikiiidti mtim^f^m^m.eeadiacsofHia PaeUe at Salbaad CaaTaaHoB heldJgtoagi i4faad moved that tta theutueasaryfrnoiltt«ofUitaa. lapaOllealoaadMthe subje«ttaT«fenredtoaSelectCoaaoiltteaafalna.MentkrWsanrilcUcaaltloa, tat to aaptrn to iMaaa waslast,naataetWad by Ttaxtt,failedesatMti«ar>eoniUereddoabtfnl. Mr.Basxswu thKenmoelmveodr,yTohfaHtons.iDaAnVtaDdCdiBtaioDnavlaimCaKr,kdoefcreeaspeedc,ttfhoer aMPri.ntSeBrxawKaAsB'smotiontoproceedto theeieetionof M11BankofCommerce.96 67H*"'*atdtauKAutonebliif*the treatment of American which he laid before Secre-ytlaws on thethe appointment <»- election to do so oa the conditionfc hm-tn-f--.-r^"retain the right to modifybut a few remarks, Mr. President, for it seems to me of printing as it may see proper ; the Printer receiving—Senate do now adjonn.adopted,wtth the proviso that the Housewlthdram, at his l*ldI««mrw>e«T»d,hythe Jart steamer, Import-Mr. CamaiiDix, of Kentucky, (Am.)—I shall makeexlstiDgsubjectthere Is a cold solemnitv hangmg about us, and theof theis brief. It does notbecomeherein jetA Committee of sevenlanguageus to use the language of flattery In eulogy. The world to which oUr departed brother has is onegravefortli.nomination Mr. A. 1. GLOSBunna, saying that gen- liar and extraordinary man, and all the course tleman was a practical printer, and if elected wouldconsnltlng as to the eteps necessary tonenre the ratiflcaUon of the Mexican Treaty. of his life marked him as such. He occupied have the entire confidence of the House andously;;and hisDefrees GlossbrennerhaveJto /ermar position at Fort Cascades. Company 6, were honest and upright, and with a boldness and were scholars together. Mr. Haskhi said In thecourse of his eulogy that Mr. Brodrsiox won the ad-ijudge,but his so far as 1 could purposes here,; and we shall not look upon his like again. Sir, I allude to the manner of bis death only to say, that the manner of it is to be ascribed rather to the rices of the times and of society, than to any particular viceofhisowncharacter. Hewasamanwho,frommiration of ills friends, and the of his ene- respectTMcouter. Second Lieut. B. H. Robut, of themtft of Engineers, will report for duty, with his de-tachment, to Lieut. CAsn, and proceed to Fort Cas-tmdet. Capt Tsumtiu. Mooki, Assistant-Quarter- his nature, under the laws of the society In which he Dem.,) spoke of Mr. Brodxricx as (3k>d's instrument Bister, Is relieved from duty at Fort Crook, and lived, could not refuse to meet any man in such a for mighty purposes. Those who thought him less will vejiort as Assistant to Major Auan, Quarter- conflict as that in which he fell. The world had than a philosopher never knew him. Hisevery nervepresented to him a rough and adverse ciurent to en- was exerted to dignify lalwr. It might be said there astar at San Francisco. Major Woods, Faymas- counter from his youth up. He was brea in the midstla now engaged In paying troops at Fort Yuma, of the sternest competitions and rivalsblps of this Ufe, was but one Brodibici to walk the earth. He was tar, and could not turn aside on account of any peril that just and generous, gifted and noble, pure and patri-tea Diego and Tejoa. Sixty days' leave of absence threatened him. That was not the course of David C,ot]^.kH been granted to Lieut-CoL Tnaitrsoii Moxais, BtoDUicx. There was a degree of mystery about him macy of its blood. His fame would be as enduring asVr. Glossbbihhib was supported for House spirit, he knew no difficulties, and yielded to no ob- Mr. Bbodirice as a Democrat without being a dema-stacles, but pursued one steadfast course, though it Printer by the Democrats, Mr. Biioos, and all the led him to the conflict which brought him to his grave. Sooth Americans present, excepting Messrs. Etbz- There, Sir, may he rest in peace ; and rough as heKcex and Stoxis, who voted for Gu-as A Sxatoh. was in this life, and inexorable as he appeared to some, many and many a tear will be shed in Cali-gogue, who loved the people but never betrayed them, and as they discovered these trails of charac- ter he won their regard. He had an Indomitablevery warm feelings of attachment for Mr. Brodirick stances which ever opposed his success. Neither by many citizens of New-York, among whom hisofand native proudest inmelancholy. vrith wakefulnessnor association, nor of kind,Mr. Brodxrick's noble traits of character, and calledhe dlbsppeared from among the merely municipal ex- citements of a great commercial city on this side of tbe Continent, to ri«e as suddenly on the other side, towering conspicuously among the ill-assorted anaRreolutlons of respects were adopted, and the House adjourned.Sdncation in France. BiTHLRHm, Penn., Tuesday, Feb. 8, 1860.sentinjents, and animated— siononlyT»tkeEiUaroftluXew-YorkTimet:*to Iwcometo pick up the golden dust from the beds of the rivers of California. <s we looked upon this tumul-Your Paris correspondent, " MalakofiT," in his"among them, and how and when shall this political lions of inhabitants—only appropriates as much money jonmoent of Congress, and the intelligence has been chaos be reduced to the solid substance of a civil to common schools as does the City of New-York— already otherwise received by the country with feel- state ; even then, while we were yet asking these something like six millions of francs." I cannot letquestions,wesawthatcivilstaterise upbeforeusinIn conformity to an established practice of the Sen-ate, it liecomes my melancholy duty to announce,fnrnally, an event which transpired during the ad- diall even peace be preserved and life secured that the whole of France—a nation of thirty-six mil,tuous from this gatheringdistance,we asked howtags of deep regret. My immediate predecessor onthis Door, the late Hon. Davis C. Baooisicx, depart-ed this life In the City of San Francisco, on the 16thof September last—having fallen in an unfortunateeoBllict, which was engendered by the use of un-guarded expressions by deceased, personal in their late associate, 1 experienced, beside the sentiment of tive country, to rectify this mistake. These schools,,the elder Bbodksick to tbe grave, and D.svid stoodalone in tbe world without recognizable kindred.With a striking expression of profound sadness, heTCBarfced in my presence some years since, tliat"he was the last of his bleod on earth, so faras he knew." Thence arose that haughty gloom brief allusion to the virtues ol the deceased. He re- that enshrouded his soul tlirough life, which ferred to the manner of his death, with the view of ke could not eradicate, and which he was considering what action Is necessary on the part of too proud to hide. Having by diligence and the Senate, and delivered a homily against dueling as atody snrmoimted the many obstacles with which pov- a crime at common law. The question was, should erty and humble fortune encompassed his path, he the Senate pay a tribute to a man who had willfully nae in the Cl^ of New-York from the humble place risked his life in a violation of the laws of God andFrance appropriates to common schools It would be necessary to sum up the appropriations contained in each budget of the 40,0€O communes, to add those con- tained in the 86 departmental budgets, and the six mlllicns of the State budget. Had Mr. Malakoffdone BO, he would have found instead of the paltry sum of six millions, some seventy millions of francs. In this sum are not incluced the expenditures of the schools which exist In each regiment, to furnish privates and subaltern officers with the means of acquiring the ia- formatloa necessary to rise to the highest digntties. 'The French common school system is second to none.The judgments of tourists are generally not very re- liable. Tojudgetheinstitutionsofacountryrequires study, and travelers, anxious to see nmch, have not the time to examine thoroughly the organizations of thecountryInwhichtheytemporarilyreside. Thus the United Slates have been misrepresented by Euro- pean tourists, and the French common school system by MalakoflT.Please, Mr. Editor, make this rectification in your valuable paper, and accept, in advance, the thanks and tbe assurance of the high consideration with which I have the honor to be your humble servant,L. W. HEVDENREICHF, Prof, of French In the Moravian Female Seminary.«f aa ^lorentfced mechanic, through many years ofardooos labor and severe application, to a positioneosnmandlng high public respect and political eleva-tkm. In 1846, at the age of 27, ha was brought for-ward by hii friends and nominated for the oSlee ofRepresentative in Congress, and we leam was de-feated by the division of a vote in his own party intbe distriot. In the year 1849 we find him on thePacific slope, entering with courage, energy, and per-seveience upon the new field, which the thenrecently-discovered gold-fields of California pre- desire to announce my entire concurrence in thesesented to enterprise ; at once the most lucrative resolutions. My acquaintance with Mr. BaoDiaicx and inspiring to humble ambition. Upon this commenced here, and was purely and exclusively of «w theatre of activity and ceaseless toil he was a public character, and I had not the pleasure of a aoon known as a man of marked notoriety and greatinHuence. He arrived In California m poorpersonalpiir3e. but rich In energy and self-reliance ; and there disdaining the pursuits of ephemeral eicUements and alarms[AdTtrUsencAL]A miTIBBAL AND SAFE STIUULAKT! LACTOXAH,(Asiatic Balm, or Spirit of Milk.)which marked those earlier he days,steadily bent his strong intellect and controlling win to the serious purposes of life. His high moral deportment begata man whom 1 con- sidered an honor to the Senate. He was one of the best specimens of a self-made American sprlne* ing from the ground. From the very humblest walksuniversal respect, and in private life he ooreTacter of one of the most exemplary of men ; his gen-aiaai heart and open baud attracted and atUicbea toUm a host of devoted, admiring friends, who de-Hgbtad to honor him with public and private conS-4laace. Many of these, his early pioneer coia-panlons In California, yet remain to mourn nis notniuistanding the many prejudices thrown around toes with fraternal and onforgetfui sorrow. In ISiO, MS name, which a partisan opposition had cast he was elected to the Senate of California, andin 18S1 he was chosen President of tbis body, admiration. trusted hhn as a faithful, honest, and to fill a vacancy occasioned by the promotion of fearless Senator, who never hesitated in the perform- Lieuteiunt-Govemor McDocoal to the Gut>ernaCorlalChair, upon the resignation of Gov. Bo&xsrr. In1892, ne was reelected to the Senate, and servedwith distinguished aolllty In the various positionsthere assigned him. The distinguishing trait in thelate Senatorunbending will, and the unity and precision of move-the cna-lUS WORLD'S TOHIC CORSIAI,!iu«t proportions, strong, vigorous, firm, and complete in the fulness of material and moral sufficiency. Free, too. but at the same time loyal and faithful to the FederalUnion. Thehandthatprincipallyshapedit was that of David C. BBODXBtci. Mr. President, when I heard in foreign lands of the dealh of ourpass uniebuked such a faifie assertion, wliich tends to disparage the whole nation and its chief. .Mlow a Frenchman, who for twenty years was a memiier of a Comiti SupcTieur d'ArroTuUssementt and who must know something about the common schools of ids na-•kaiacter, toward another distinguished gentleman, sorrow which I am sue was common to all of tis, {ecalea primatTet, ) which exist there la each of the forty who occnpled a high and honorable position in the a keener sorro^y luat arose from the reflection thousand communes, and of which none are deprived, State of California, and which was inflamed by a that h« hka fallen prematurely, while yet are as in tbe United States, tbethars was need and it>om for further public not, supported by bitter political contest, then just terminated in that lerrice to augment his fame. But in this I erred. It State, but by each commune, and in each of the com- State. DATin Colbuth Bsoduucx, the subject of is not the amplitude, but the greatness of achleve- munsil budgets there is an appropriation for that ob- this announcement, was bom In this city, (Wash- mentthat secures the statesman's renown. The man- ject. The departments support the normal schools, tagton,) in February, 1819, and at the Ume of his ner of hts death gave a painful shock to the moral of which there is at least one, but more frequentlysenseofthenation. ButIwillnotdwelluponit, be-death was a little over 40 years of age. His father, cause if he could hear me he would forbid ail com- two or three, in each of them. The appropriation Inaa Irish emigrant, was, by occupation, a stone-cutter ;and, though moving in the humbler walks of life, washighly rest>ected and esteemed as an Industrious artl-sun and worthy citizen. Having, while Datid was honor, or one who, living, could so III endure to be Inspecteuis appointedplaint. He consented, I trust, with reluctance ; yet, nevertheless, he consented to the combat in which he fell. I have never knon-n a man more jealous of histhe State budget Is for the expenses of the central ad- ministration, the salaries of the Inspecteurs and Sous-in each department, to the number of from four to eight, to superintend the com- mon schools, to assist superaimuated teachers and poor communes in the building and repairing of their BBOther and younger brother. These soon followed more truthful and honest, of a Senator than whom school-houses, &c. To tell how much the whole ofyet of tender years, removed totne City of New-York, he there lived, pursuing his vocation, until lH37,when be died, leaving his late distinguished son, at the early age of 18 years, charged with the support of histhe object of pity or compassion. I leave him, there- fore. In his early grave, content to confine my expres- sion of.sorrow on this occasion w-tthln the bounds of sorrow for the loss of a friend than whom none wasnone more incorruptible ever uttered a voice, a states- man who, though he fell too soon for tils country's hopes, has yet, like Hauiltok, left behind him a noble monument, wholly complete and finished.Mr. FosTsa, of Connecticut, (Rep.,) made someman ? For one, whatever respect he might have for the deceased, he could not vote for the resolutions of respect.Mr. Foot, of Vermont, (Rep.,) in behalf of Mr. Wadi, who was detained from his seat by indisposi- tion, pronoimced a brief eulogy on the deceased. In which he lauded him as an honest and incorruptible man, and added his own concurrence to ttieee senti- ments.Mr. TooKBS, of Georgia, (Dem.)—Mr. President, Iacquaintance outside of our public capacity In the performance of otlr relative duties here as American Senators. But, Sir, there were sterlingpoints in Ills character that won my and, I respect,may cay, my adaiitation. I found him bold, honor- able and truthful, attached to the Interests of hiscountry,and clear in his views;society, by the virtue of strength of characterProcures when sleepoppressed!intellect, the land.Curesand colic Immediately relieved and curedha rose to be the of the peerand intemperanceHe conducted tdmself here, him, in such a as to win my andDysentery An admirable dinner drinkFor sale at No. 4 Union-square, No. 294 Canal-°"I""; 'way respectstreet, and by all druggists, at20!cents andSO!cents° I "I'd S"f? .?** '*"')'•not intend to say so much, out lor the apparent dissent of the honorable Senator(ASnrUMlBent.) MERCHANTS. WOI^PX'S OOGNAC BRA3DT.IroinConnecticut. He In fell. Sir,The usual resolutions were adopted and the Senate adjounieu.IIOISE OF REPRESENTATIVES. WABHUiaros, Monday, Feb. 13.Mr. Weight, of Tennessee, (Dem.,) wased a member of the Committee on the District ofservice on the same Committee.On motion of Mr. Csais, of Missouri, (Dem.,) a res-that onthe Clerk shall call the States commencing withTO COUNTRYIn tbe defence of his honorfler any circumstances, can have a more honorable p.'.^M. ?,*k'' "•'"«' ^^'- !-«' •>'"> «st In peace, tartn s highest honors end here, and its dust to dust concludes our noblest song.;and I think no un- man,PORT WIHR.wous'B ruRi MiDiiRA mm.WOLTR'B PCRf BHXRRT WISX. WOLPI'S TVtM SCOTCa WBIBXT.of Mr.Mr. Prior, of Virginia, (Dem.,) was excused fromin lumbia, placeGar»ztt,excused.at 1the members may introduce bills andof which notice has been reFolutlons, previous given,for reference only and without debate.Mr. liiRcu, ut Cailfonila, (dDem.,1 presented the pro-are bow used everv year inhonorable combat.Saa FraodMe la SeptsmbernrtraM Butit. awaiJteadoa. aaa belathUChT^^ wasachlefwhoraledleaden,andordaradMsaac- Mr.SaaajiAji,ofOhio.(Bep.,)objected,sayingthat 2riJa<.tMarBfaArmfsUB«-*stHrJe»at.ThisarttalaisSBpartortotaaeesfors ; In his death ha tleepsUnMntad aa ooeof the be had previously moved that the Honse proceed to pkmtm,self-madeJMaofadnoaofOUfstala-aaam- theelectionofaPrinter.Wsieaslaiahlrs Baaea, aad eaa be nlilslasil at ow- halfflMprtea.ef Ufa we are la deathwas no necessity for this, asereryseatbeloncedto«The House voted on the motion of Mr. Bnaca, to suspend the rules to enable him to have the PacificM do SSO 8(Hi( 100 Reading Bdeem advisable.Mr. Floribci, of Pennsylvania, (Dem.,) placed lait, decidedlytraceableandmore andotherswerenominated,butafterwardswerewith-followed them bravelyheIt was Intimated that the United flexible when in the pursuit of those purposes Galeae Seaton1.Mr. Blanchard898S Mr. Mitchell„.!90|Blanebard 189 Coombs 211Further proceedings were Interrupted by a mes- sage from the Senate, annoimcing the death of Mr. Brodrricx.Mr. Bdxcb delivered a brief in con- clusion that Mr eulogy, sayingBtoDiaicx's memory will long be cherished by the people of California.Mr. HABKiN.of New-York, (Anti-LecomptonDem.,)the eventful and romantic of his de- lilstorymies. For energy ol character, integrity and fidelity to friends, Mr. EaoDxaicx had no superior.Mr. HicKUAK, of Pennsylvania, (Antl-LecomptonHe raised poverty into rank, proving the legiti-etter publlBhed in your paper of Feb. 0, I8«0, assertsbottle.perWOLrX'B rVXMand the best adattheoffice.A list of UDOLPHOEure' Hasnosuperior!Removes and debility,low spiritsdyspepsia!begschanU th.it he is now Importing and bottlingMiluons of bottlesthe United SUtes for children teeming, with never-fallingthoaghttherewas appointed to examineKn110 70?4 b60 71opg 10% I»7054 S3S70VsSphc 70^860 b30 11Untitled Document4,000 do« *•do.do3.000 Tenn. es. '90. .. .6l,0C0*0MBlrcih«.iCle.n<.)B..B8»V.'.nc. 30Ocean Bask 91 23ContinettalBask.. 98H 12 Park Bank 10S>i EO Pacific M. S.Co.btO 80SWO do eo fo do slOSOV 6J N. T. Cen. R..opg. Tl^6,000«05<.TO3<*o dot«D«n viitb30 39b«0391<>._Jf^J.n--4r Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 