 wAIOTBR UKOIIW «I»M-The Crowds at the Coope* Institute.ass l o t . Hertchel V. Johnson, of Georgia.—-—would'have ab\.l»bod it iong beforethistime.__„_». I „ ..^.^^-A".. .__« .v. «.««* vanned society, that It 1*1£*rf7. *"»lIa» Cheever'a church." General laughter)m roA maw saeetmg m N R » r t of Ik* Uaiou electoral ticketthe ninbtr" ale response would have been 'All !• gloom-, , 7 V . P*<»B«» gcaUemea, I ataad by. Itisaifued bya fofca—ABT other names algae*to tit MrOOBBS—Manyothers—democratsandwhigs lw.u"In Chee/er'a church,'' and in all the churches that are any sweetscented Sambo whoriiy rail in lore with vatedbysspiritborn olbell to scatter dragons'teetbwwlKWiwt«T«^t»*tk«Coop«tortitut-, There were hit after the passage of the compromise allisidoooubt." Butafterthepassage01«» ^'"**";"-'£MM of UMcanal methoda resorted to to get up atreman of l » » , i m or 1960, still ss>*aeyL was^a£f^jswesJ»tower, had any one aWed him, what of the sJgt, with Sou* crowd-no guns, ao bonfires, BOmusic, BOare works, <Tbe first official act of the new Associate Jwirawgiraswould beaddresaed b y HOB. Hertchel V . Johason, of Seoraia Gen. Leslie Combs, ol Kentucky, and other dla tmgnkihed speakers. And yet the ball « weU filled, though aot erowdad.Tbe sweting WM presided over by Mr. Edward Cooper, an ated by vice prentoeato.snmm oram.trainsCOMM. TheIratBiifilTr-wwSen.LBHUBCOMBS,of Kentucky.Bewwrewiredwithencouragingdemonstrationaofap had somep *uee He toJormed bte audtonee that be bad »hirgsto anywtotobBOoae eiw ooaMwyforbint. eswestsabiswassefbewUdermeBtattheerowdabs(loud a p p o s e ) ^oble old kjfwadlar; j ^ l ^ b T M a a aide of the black laborer. For la.the day of sickness andwe uever sball look upm agaU. in our day, is my bohef. trooble the white man h w no'Jody to look after or care There la another master that I wish t o speak about c o n - forhim,whiletheaegrohwhismuter,whobylawtosected with this wbject after the passage of the com- bound to protect aad support him ia his alckaees. South- nromMe mewares, on the 1Mb of November, 1830, Hr. era men buy their labor u much w the men of thoSayd^iTeredaspeech-the last one he ever made—to North: but ia the fon<ier ewe the laborer ia bought the legislature of Kentucky. There w w then an eicite for a longer period tbsa ia the latter la ibe Northaffect the rights and Interests of fifteen of the States cfthe Union that are entitled to equality u?on thesame constitutional guarantees claimed b y y o u .The leaders of tbe. republican party aiaert the exist-ence of an irrepressible conflict, which means that theStates of the Union must one and all become either en-tirely ft*e Or entirely aiasa. i Will not detain you by otter by such then w tacksM. the- / " ^ . ' g L S elaborating this position. But .-I want to throw out for ,ue,tiona llmt divided us-quest ^ ^JSSHSSSi yourpracticalreflectiontbeconstworstioaof tbevwtlta Buttheseq">-tl0Dt ^ an,ong thedealHeed w if every oae w w horryisg the same way, aad when And if it should be necessary 'o form sn<-h a partv aid It I»h>tildb«aec:rrlingl7formed.1aar.ott.femvselfinIbisplaceticularly of the Senators remarks teaching capital s a t laborStates. Whobadeverreadofsuchasysteman thiabefore?EverjbodyoughtorshoulJknowthatlabOf and capital are Siamese twtus. But Mr. Soward hal de- etroyed the whole idea of thU principle. According to hinitherewouldbenocapital ia RhodeIt'and,ailmastA e rffifteen of your i,6iar States in this Union. What la that The r-^tgiorg d the Sou'j, wfli soon be sh-nrn of their proper';intereatt Itconsist*intbeownershipoffour lower,thankGod Bu«^^jgqn«tionofslaveryistbeNo4,lis'en,brotherwblga—Iain'ttolklsgtodens met in this city. When he walked up Broadway it seem crats bow. (Great laughter.)ijujionsofslives. Atthepresentrateofvaluationthese everlsstlogthemeofif-A ittnernntdemagoguesofthere slaves are worth, on an average, eight hundred dollars publican party. It •m ^ <inegro, negro, negro" witheonfideBce in the whig party as being most likely to conduit He preferred to \-to th« hoaor, prosperity and glory of my country; but If it is •peak is the eon-try, whore tbey did not know much, I to be aaeried mto a contemptible abollUoa party, aad if aboli- tlonlwaIstobeengraftedon thewhig cre<d, from thatmo-,,rbad a silver doHar «tavtowhalk>e. ratherthanhere,wheretheybadSOmanynewspapers.1•«ntIrenounceikepartyandceasetobeawhig- (Loadtal State. Again, in travelling through Michigan, Mr. SeW-ard aimed another blow at the Intereeta of the Union. He free State. Our Union contains eighteen nan slavehn'dicg wnat w jjj. jeureay for thlt? The remedy for thia Is! are only republicans." Well, a rose by aiy bait sectary. Tot, If the question were presented to htm j other name might smell W sweet (Laughter)stion or running oil her slaves, her people would bo hands, with the aVowal of prlaciplee ar v DllttJ- whl-n (Loud, apptowe ) I believe it to be the Interest of my litquent ellere who bad "robbed tbe poor" No otberdel or liberty. And if any one had wked him, while taer>culiarly to each State to settle aad decide for herself,do cot object to it. But yet you must peroeive the re-Ibat this asaerlloa w w founded upon certaia fact 8 s aulta now placed before you every day—tbat this doc How to thw Union to bo prea»7Ved? (A Totee—" By de-oompromisea were yet unsettled—"Watchmanwhat ofSlalaly at this matter you awst see that free and slaw ibor do aot conflict St all. Msperlcace has shown hims e n t about the Fugitive Slave law. Mr. Clay sal d: -labor Is bought by the week or by tbe year; IntheBomb labor is bought for life. Andyetthere areaoasylnma la the South, nor any taxes for the support of porttnee of this ques>)oa to you all, w well as to tn-j might ditagree. should there aotbehar that su si my is spoken of for Utah, those interested laand long continued cheers, waiving of hats, 4c.)States. Now fixiyour mind upon any description of pro-pertycommontotheseeighteenStatesworththirtytwohundred milii.-iis of dollars, aad thea suppose there was agreat eectiooal party at tba South, whose avowed princi- P*'j$ro of organized Territories shall regulate their do-(Laughter ) He w w not apolltlBian, nor ofliaeholder;nor w w there w office la the gilt of the President or toe•jailed States which be would accept. The people of hisawn State bad, last Aogast, arisen, and by a sort of kt him wear it. (Laughter.) I am t -Id that one of the whole country for the protection of our extended! trade18lb at if meaht for old,wni|8—TOO democraU.keep ailent. 1 (Bursts of laughwr ) Now, gentlemen, I desire to ofexcept tbey should be employed to protect the propertyfend tae feelings of nobody; but whomsoever the cap OtsnJtttlc tostitulions ln their own way, subject to tbe aon-joymeat of that particular property, aad contemp'ated lt^ tfctuttoa. If yon do that, what becomes of tbe pabulum mising to straight* n oul some monor aflairs tt U bad notKEW YORKtTT?.P AT-TyTHURSDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1860.-TRIFLE SHEET.rend lomo Mr. CUy's name Is at tbe heal Next, vSato*" "auwoTT tu^h*r^^ple-""Let theToor mU- OB thiBtbnt'B ao")—it to tho legitimate logical sequwoo of the original proposition of tho equality betweenGreat Revival Amcng Mormon Mmionariet-At» Mormonism—A Batch of MUMTS E* * W . f~ *i. ^ and Eusrop—A Grmi Work EM****, 4k.The Hon. Beary R Orc*^ ^ ^ ^ j Q g U e t ^ ^Howell Cobb-a gentleman now »^«w« » KI**=»*» Uo?a of"lavwln the tmfr be safe* libertF. « * ^ 0I S b T H W r y C m y . (Great laughter.) I have follow- «hitft labor and black labor. (Applause) l^et oni ed up ifiie brief history of tbe past because I thought itwould interest yon. Mr. Clay is no more, bat there are a neatmany,Iknow,whoreverehie memory There is ZfgZmore, beciute Clay stands first and Oobb aeeoad, and 1 " e tobor and atev.labor, but a terrible coafl ct be wowImaybea»ked-asIhave beenasked-whenIwouldoonten. toa<ii»soJ;.Uon of tbe Union, I answer never! never!neverI(Applause) IftheaaitatkmIn1eg%rdtotaeFa«itive paupers. (Applause) EverymanhastherighttotuTh Slavelawabr>aldeort'naetoincreaseandbeonealarming,itwill lead to the formation of two new parlira-one for iheUnion anc the otter againat the Union—and the platform of theUnion party w!l' b-, -'Tbe l;non, tbe eonstitution aad the en-fareementofthelaws."(Iongandtoudapplarue)tef;xsofthepast. Wny.tb^ jrationsexiat? None mon>? WhatotherM^ttr*c,Jate-"qu"el!stionofalavery.Aad bwubtotahfilstehtaertrJafwcMln?g aIrf.ajtdoebP .aatAji.pinJouean, tbe North.nea freooent opportunitiee to carr* ' ^ this view. nave beenleaders proclaim t|> Ibis copublicspeeches.Whileotherspeakersbadbeengoing!*"'ggerfromKentuckyontheanderg'uundrailroad,norherfreedom\\\ etbat"Unitedwestand,but higherlawth:lrconvirAim otD&tcraingnl^daaturalarena,totbepeopleottheTerrltoriwunder witl'.'nhim.Hesthenfulloffightandmiacstobarethe limitationaofthefederalcooatitution. (Applause) That will prewrve harmony. It will preserve the Union. It will preserve the feelings of brotherhood between thealongtheNorthernborderudalongtheSouthernbordermaking holes In Use tfelp of Stat?, he follow« plugging o nhadItden?—(laughter)—l)ui,6htheotberhand,Ikaon of his having bought several, taken them home, set them free, m a provided well fbr*tbem forever afterirardB—(t9 pr0V justice; andlaaamuc4 %8 BjaTery i8 adverseto their divided we, tk\\ >» (Applause.) General Comba thea went pec lllar views or Ba« ^j,a1 ^ ^ a n 4 Mtural justice, theyon to rt,vjcw the recent election events In Ohio aad Vcas hold that they are- > i *ylv.*aia, and argued in a very distinct manner that the 4a/vnaIt:bi<tthehowtodoItwithout fairly annihilatingthe transgressor to the question seemingly rev dving ta Mr* mind. In mewared language he tells alt he knows that isof the slaveholder. Now, all this was grow injistlcsIn a former commuBioation I mentioned that Briguam had got in pursuit of the missionary el ters aad w w pro-called on jti\ Clay, and then it w w announced to General ! modttt operandi r There are four doctors, and they have 6ir able I shall be glad to sit down. (Loud applause, and the State from which tbey fled was connected with theJackson that a compromise bad been entered into, aad | prescribed dttlerent remedies. The first prescription for cries of "Go on.'') Tbe present cintest, my countrymen, Institution of slavery. The Governors of Iowa and Ohiotbe di'/c jlty passed. He had another letter from Mr. j destroy lag slavery-was made at Buffalo In 18*8 There iii my humble opinion, is fraught with more momentons have very recently refused to surrender up, oa the de- crawd, aa in a lyceum or a political gathering. day, natch be read. It ww w follows:— may be some gentlemen here who were at that convon consequences to this country than that of any other mand of the Governor of Yirgtnia, refogees from Justicea v TJ*4K ft*- Before us thera la a great struggle—a contest I tics, but I shall not mention their names, because I am which has preceded it I stand before you to night, I who were implicated in tbe Htruer> Ferry Brown raid; The prisoner had w fair aad impartial an examinationfor ^»r»T and for tbe eawtenoe of the government—bee »n»e • *1abaJl be decided that a State baa a right to naljy an aet of <-' Aajrcsa * * * we want aid. I hope Kentucky will stand 1 em end aet.| mixed up with strange company here to night. (Ltugh trust, a national man. (Loud applause) I am and your own State, by lta highest judicial tribunal has aa he retold have had in the highest tribunal of the land. They will know enough if I tread on their toes aot a cemocrat—(applause)—hut it seems to aw eetermued, in tLo celebrated Lemme>n slave case, thatip. (Laughter.) Taere were three conventions tbat lor thia very reason 1 can speak your Southern brethren who may pass through New York, Tbe jury returned a verdict of guilty, seatence of death1848—me for Taylor sad Fillmore, one for Cass on lehiir of our Union, because no man la a true demo either ou bsslncsai or on aa excursion of pleasure, er who was pronounced upon Gordon, sad on Saturday tost heia any way tbey can, bat never with their enrriagw and in the abuncance of wealth: other wiee be has made theco astatd'r g promise of excommunication f.ora the oburcn. Brigham represents that something near a nvl on of dol iarsbas been kept from bis hand*, with whUh he mighthave emigrated ail the poor. In* coenn .u ty at large, and the eiders particularly, have solemnly pledged them selvea by npiiftod haada that- thai shall be no more, aad henceforth every dime tball be need for tbe gathering of tbe poor and the building up of Zion. It may be imagined with what enthusiasm this has been taken hold of, when $10,000 was raised In a flew days ta this city by aubscrip-Thank God, she h w been ao ever since.On Vtrrtata— which, beyond aU doubt, i t fast gettinge for Y w Bursa. The Yen Buren party w w made crat wbo is not a tational man. Now, I say that oar may bo driven to your port by stress of weather,shall not expiated hia crime apon the acanold, in presence of up-rUbt— "nation Stbuiacky now, as la 1779, baags the dtadnjof tbetUonista aad democrats who called themeclvea country la imperilled; the Union is in danger. (A voim*- ere,aadwbocouldaotgoforCass. Ikoowoae Notatall,andlaughter.) IbelieveIt.and-IShalladduce gentleman wbo waa In that party—Gen Nye—(laughter)— facts to substantiate what I assert, I make tbe announce-be pumftled to have with them aoy of their slaves for a • ingle moment, but tbat tbe moment they touob yoar soil the right of the slaveholder to bis property ceases Tbewards of three thou sand people.The mines continue to yield well, though not w bounti-1.tabes to an appeal from tbe dead to the living—an ao a gentleman wbo h w been carrying the book for Se- ment with no desire whatever of intimidating any one in comity which obtains between foreva States to aboi fully w a few months aince. The reason is aot, as manypeal from Harry Clay in his own handwriting We are la ward all the way through tbe West. (Laughter and ap- this confederation. I w y this because l have beandanger. I tell you, gentlemen, we are in danger. Mr. plause.) General Nye made the first speech at that Con-tohed in thia sisterhood of States. I refer to thesethings w stubborn facts, and I ask you whether I mane of tbe returning "pilgrims' would faia have outsiders be tion for sending off tbe elders and supporting tae familiesd a y g o w o n t o s a y >—For «>ds sake let all prlmte differences, all private ambi- tion*, be surged la oae grand and patriot* enori to save the rent.bile. tCbeem)1 make this appeal BOWto New York I appeal to tbe forty thousand caadittatae for the fourscore offices to be niied. Let all private ambitiow, all private difficulties,be forgotten, l e t us all forgot that we are whlgs or demo crate, and ran bat one man for each office. (Cheers.) If there be an old whig present, I appeal to him In the name of Henry Clay. Forget everytaieg but your country, and, fergnttmg especially your own private ambltioa, stand by your ooustry and sustain tho caa dkfatoe who can beat these irrepressible conflict people. FFby, really, genUeaaen, coming to New York, hearing what I do and seeing tbe papers, yon remind aw of an Incident la anoiect hiatory, when a certain great city was besieged by s Roman army. Toe Romans kept tbe In-aa unreasonable assertion when I say that, in the event of the elevation to powerof this great sectional party, and ia tb< event of their attempting to carry oat their p.*ia:iieve, that tbe gold h w given out, but because, la manyin these words —rMv DSUB Sin—My object la writing to yen now hi one of atirnportanee,and1wtahyouwouldleadoff inIt Itwill the country coed and do yon good. Now ts the time for salutary action, and yon are Ike man to aet.Here, gentlemen, ts m y power of attorney that I spoke of in tbe outset (Laughter )I enclose some resomtlona which, or acme similar to them, I ahooid be happy to ase adopted.Seeotved. That t a n meeting • firmly attached to tbe union uf these States, aad that they ge ror it rne and indlriatble. now aad forever. (Load applause )Ktaoired. That whilst this meeting would be moat happy that ihe soatrovartnd question of slavery within Ihe wrrit wteeescape—from the other it is impossible. Itieo there la Doctor Seward—(laughter and signs of deri- sion)—be has his remedy. He aad 1 cace stood upon the same platform We used to ataad side by aide. Bat he h w now got oft the platform Once he supported Gee. Taylor, who owned hucdreda of negroes—so maay that he could have had a young aegro for breakfwt every morniog (laughter ) Now he can risk the happiness of twenty million white men for the sake of three million blacks. Then he could not thiak of anything or the sort. Then we went tnto Ohio to stump it, but aa I thought hia speeches a little loo rank I told him he had better go over to uhidings' district, where he could talk as black w he pleased (Laughter.) And ao wechivalrous, cleva'.ed, patriotic true hearted men, th*t oe lievo tbe election tf the republican candidate will b i s sufficient cause for the dlfsolution of the Untoa. And I tell you, my fellow countrymen, that ia the event of the election of Lincoln the proposition will be distinctly made to the Southern people, and we wilt have a hard, bi\ter. animated contest in the South on this very question. And when I announce to you my views ajnd my position 1 have no authority to say tbat themajorllj or the Southern, States, especially the cotton Stales, or a majority or the people of some or one of these States will not resort to ao act of secession from the Union. But granted tbat the eleo- tioa of a republican candidate is not a sufficient cause for disunion, still I propose to demonstrate the proposition before you—that the election of a republican candidateHorse stealing h w been considered next to murder, and is trumps, but you most have the bowers to bick 'em, elsethe Gospel; 1hope to see tbe time come whea i high wallwill be built around tbe slave Steles, and then fire andsuppose tbat any portion of tbe people of the North were exposed to each slavish feara. (Applauw) But In giving utterance to the sentiment, I do so withla ibe Untoa ia peril? (Voices—'-She to" O'.hw voices— goes in by tbe bands of passengers u d emigrants return'•No, no.") The only way of averting tbe peril ia for leg, who take their own gold along rather than pay 2>» or New York to do her duty. (Crlea of "She will do 8 per cent far its transportation. New discoveries of goldpossible to lead you to a haven of safety, you ought act devii—between heaven aad hell." (Laughter.) He Is to charge me, my fellow oountrymen, with seeking to very modest. He hi God aad we the devil—bo heaven dishonor you, b / appealing to your fears. (Applause.)to become a belt of fire, girt about the slave states, with- to have it inferred from these remarks tbat I am aaiong in which slavery oust die." That is a worse remedy than those who advocate the dissolution of the Union, !r>roThere may not be But he is blind t > the signs or tbe lta value. It baa aot vet been assayed. tbat Lieutenants Perkins and Weed, with their commands,tire and brimstone. (Inughter.) He compares us to the mere act of the election of a republican candidate. rats—poisonedratsInahole. (Laughter.) Andwearo statedistinctlythatIdonotregardaucharesultasa tobeburnedoutgradually. Whyitlaworsethanburn mnllcIeDt causeforthedissolutionoftheseStates, iADtinea who dees not see that there Is Imminent danger The money market still continues tight, 0 wing to the have entirely left the route; Captain Milter left on Sua laytag at tpe stake by the Indiana, for tbey only take a short plause.) I do rot say that non i of the Southern StatesWcif,andtaeponyexpressnowcallauponLiviugstouaad Bellforlettersandinstructions.election of a republictn to the Presidency; aad she hasappropriated $200X00 from her treasury for the purpose fences—that ia anything abort of downright killing—have game, and go it alone. The oudt la against you. Bob, batol meeting military contingencies. But suppose that no ] not been noticed. There hare been, however, very few remember always that industry aad perseverance are tbe Stateactionshahbefavorabletoaccession,doesthat smallsinsIntbewayofatca'ing,&j,i.:toneor winningcards;theyaretho'bowers.'Booklarningand close the danger of revolution ? Not at all. There are a two burglaries having occurred since the city ww started. all that sort of thing will do to fill up wlin.itke smallself the pleasure of being a prisoner among tho Indians, as a sufficient cause of secession I cannot say so with and though I was hot burned at tbe stake I had to run assurance. .What are my poor oplnlots, of adverse to theappeal to each Stf*0 separately, by thoso who are favor-able to State secession, to Induce the people of tbe seve-ral Stales to separate State action, to separate S'ta'-e secession. Ia that event, I apprehend, if noother State should listen to the appeal, thaithe State of South Carolina win Alabama,by solemn resolve of her Legislature, standspledged to withdraw from the Union, In the event of theter), which he e;closed to me. 1 have them hete in Mr.Clay s own hand writing. (Applause ) It la true I bareread them to otber assemblages, for they apply as well toothers w to you. Mr Clay felt that sectional partiw ter.) Bat I would rather run tbe gauntlet every day than one of the Southern States? In the South, particular's would grow ap out of that agitation, and he wrote to me to have a wall of are around me. From one you might in the cotton States, there is a large body of lotolli^atL;have their debts paid, the market will not be so thorough lydrainedofthecirculatingmedium-THB GJIMK OP ETCHSX AXD L n - A n AKKI.-TSAS F A - TESK'BAmies TOHisSon.—Thereiaagenuine namoria tbe idea that aa Arkaaaw man finds tbe most natural ex-the enantlet, and that la rather disagreeable. (Laugh- controlling majority of tbe people of my State or of auyA city government for Denver w w organized on Mon-day test, and went at once into operatioa An election pression, even of parting advice to his son, in the ten wu held last fall, at which a Mayor and other dignitaries guageofthe card table, and the manner la shtob the were elected, but they long since ceased to act. Tae terms of the game of euchre are there fitted to the game government has been entirely In the hands of the people, of life is ingenious:—"Bob, you are about teaviag home and bw not sullered la consequence, save that light of- for strange parts. You're going to threw me out of therecently aeqaifW from Mextee abould be settled to a mnmer gave him • a bottle of brandy aad startedaatiefaetory to all parte of the Caion, so wtUamwi of it, him up to that district. (Roars of ltughter) will endanger the Uaioa. I do not refer to the mere whatever It snay bn. wul create any just occasion fordiasotv I never saw blm of but one color In m y life—always pale. factof his election, but to the insvitable cotsequeno ofover a Poet Office appoiatment la some fiery district, orthe Union. (Applause.) And I teU you, gent'cmen, never attempt to drink down such a party vindicating and maiautning such princi-.thatibmsaarttngbeholds,lathedissolutionof apalerasa (Greatlaughter)Takeafellowthatshows piesbemginauguratedintopower,andclothedwiththetilities. I am reluctant to spsak to you on this subject two days, with very little prospect of accomplishing any tious: be satisfied with a p'int. Many's the band I'vewithtbatplainnesswhichIsbecomingtomean1tscue thinginwmanyweeks Thedelegateoflastyear,B to j ou. I feel embarrassed. I know what I say; you do D. .Williams is unwilling tbat a new election shall be not know it. (A voice—Yes, we do.) You do not appro held, fearing that thepeople will oast htm from bis poolour $VorioBjblJuJoa, ao remedy for any alleged enla, real orrAXZilS&Jfl*'?"*0* <* »»••» »fc aad eosaaaa- It like a genllemao, In the aose, aad then you knos youtfeplorahtocvaan the pttsnt of otber wlsmblea, far have got him. (Boisterous laughter ) I will read a few extmcta from Mr. Seward's speeches to show you what.and fatal eoaneqneneta any of£*J?ZJ *!?** » P»* K»v*e> That, remedy he prescribes In 1848, or thereabouts, he said:aeeneuchied'causetheyplayedfortoom„ch.Keep your eyes well aktnned, Bob; don't let 'em «nig' on you: recollect the game laya w much with the bead as with•vj WaaawJal.wvjejj.WJBBBVOWSJBTV*/CSBBBIawesffiTnaaisiat-^Accordingtothisabsard clothedwithtbepowersofplenipotentiariesabroad—ton•»«•ww^e^fbnroB, ^ ^ reastn- tlnued laugh er)—eligible to the chief Executirwhinor a tt,andonlyoaeinanyway makingWhatdoSensuppose,aubyaaat Notwithstanding allparty ttwy tera round and tail us that ,we mnst not beb i ^ p ^ S a a T y ( U u S ^ n . ' ^ ^ofnormwoodananettles opyoargraves. (Applause) turnedtothiscityinAugust,1860,whenIwent intothe wheel. Thecoll'.aion ww accompanied by a terrible 1appeal to the conservative sentiment of my country enfploy of one of the torgwt brewers of ibis dty,in crash which caused considerable oonsternatioa amongby. support and up-***- w e til! Minn hw iiinnrnt AM4tin. It is written ia violation of Ihe Divine law that we shallogical sequence of such a proposition/' Why that they. If they be entitled alike to liberty, then they m ay be •admitted to all the rlghla of sccii, ctvU and polftica,sartia to be a ' misdeal' or something wrong Aad an- that I do believe there la danger. (Cbeera) in the neck" about once a day, to one of them Of the other thing, Bob (thte w w spoken la a low tone), don'tnpmmwV*^wtal«f**fa-^MT&^S surrender the fugitl e alave Slavery can and must be abol- ished, and you aad I can and mu*t do It.I tetl you, before God and my country, vehicie from Kaoaaa City to De«ver, and who geta '-shotIte^aH^wboaretefovorofthe adoption or that Now to he not am abolitioniat? But I think there lamaster. Paul w w educated to regard nwm aad (uim.IBedld'ntputanothermtn'smoneyintohispocket.AndU doctrlne meaM fSEPSL » ^Is it a trifling matter that the Union abould be dissolved? ethers J can only add that some are better, some worseWby, my countrymen, the very election cf Lincoln will Tbe weather to becoming wintry—frost nearly everygo too much on the women; queens is kinder poor cards; tbe more you have of them the worse for you you might bave tbree and nary trump I don't w y discard 'em ail: if you get bold of one mat's a trump, It's all good, and therasartiatobeoneoutoffour Andaboveill,Bob, be honest. never take a man's trick wot don't belong to yo>n: scr ' slip cards,' nor ' nig,' for then you can't took yourmaninthefaae,sadwheathat'atbecarethere*aa fun to tbegame:It'aa regular 'cutthroat' 80BOW, Bob, farewell: rem- mber wot I tell you, and you'll belast reaoisuon, say aye. (Lowland heartv' responses of some doubt about that Divine law that he speaks <>*, and ••aye,- and cheers) You of a aonirary opinion will say 1 have one authority at least against him—a classical scholarsadaawelleducatedagentlemanasheis. Ial- . lade to 81 Paul, wbo returned the slave Oneatmua to his"sthing, it means create a state ot suspense in the public mind of this ooun night.A nrw VOKSB—Yea (Laughter.STB Conns—The ayes have K. AVoiob-Notatraitortotbecrowd. (Laughter1Pennsylvania,'&c»Ux Consa-IamgladtoknowIt IrenwmoefInISMiwhea hehadconverted afugitive alave,hesenthimShe great agony depicted in sfr day «a rncVFor tear ot•ihl j beck. like a good Christian, to his master. (ipplauie.) fnft,LlKe m?r o , ^ ? , l f y o u r "PoMfoaa fellow eltlsens, peLse* How conld we bear, in every section ofNiw YORK,Oct M,1880 Inoticedinyourissueofthismorninganar.iclebeadedresult ef that eosspromise tut tbe great pe^»Setor supportedbyWebsteronoaebandat whlgs. and by Caw, Douglas and the left. (Applause) The4 0tt retUirplatforms,andlamstandingonthatplatform 7T!!w?!***.in the humliily of their souls and in their devotion and ptotytoGod,dohonestlybelievetha',theyarenobetter!£!£ V^?*TM' ,.heJ1'l "*y 'l n God'» n w n e l e t ««wai enjoytheir sweet scented companiensbip without hindrance But la It possible that thia great Union and these tremen- the allegation contained la said article, that I fled fromPottariile,tothefallof1867,with$10,000tbatIhadem- bezzled,oranyother sum,orat any otbertime,tofalse. In Ian, I w w bora la Schuylkill county, and always re- sided there till late to the year 1888, urhen, owing to the stagnation of businew to the mining districts of Pennayl vanta, I came to thte city to pursuit of employment, aadssoasbmoflSMwwpawedbybothpa-ti-a,andbottparties is the Presidential oeaventiona of IS*J adopted It m 13*2*, ° * >u atBMtheCoixrarononraxRIVBBBBBTWWSBrnsSTKAMCR*Ksicusn- I-OCKKK A.ID Nsw WORLD—The steamer New World got agronnd on the bar at Csaiteton this morntrg. snd wbi'elying there her condition w w noticed by tee otftosra of tbe steamer Knickerbocker, which bad previously passed over the bar. With a view of hauling the Sen World off, the Knickerbocker hacked down to the New World"r- O sy prei»rWthoJlBl«owlsf paper, by manv members of both partiw thcrv..*** tt*0,o °*btr aoble men among our foro- ^?!^D ^.< > r tasined oar country sad founded the eon, o u' G*** «* "*<•. a e v e r ' T He will alt in the same jury box side'by aide wfth yo2Kite) above it. Be aublimely super or to it. What to avhereeeeto the settlement ihmnetSSZ by the eompro- fouadattoB ofmen. I d s not ask you whether you are Bceckinridge men,orBellmen,orrepublicanmen;batbeforeGodI askyouifyouareconservative men,tostrikeforyour alteraand>onr homes (Tremendous enthusiasm the whole audience rutag, cheering vociferously, »nd waiv- ing bands and handkerchiefs) Are there not some con- rervative repub]i)oan men in this city and in th'a atatt«thoseonboar!bothboats.Fortusnteiynopersonwwto. jured, although tbepassengersweregreatlyalarmed.— Albary Ztattsman. 'Jet2"?i wetheiria****to mmlJSTZSiSm ana »g****"•awaaatoI,rsooaTVTaJ?-*>tmeneseralaoaatat oflb "-do.harebydeanflanwhwa.otvu^ntlon (Applause)theUnitedStates. (Criesof"No.air,thaTwHineverbe.") Now,iftherebeamanenthiseathwhohonesI,believeaintbeequalityofthebla-kracewiththatoithewhite, aodOniea thie irreslelable, logical aequenoe hemust be either a fool or a knave. The admiasion of tiitir aocal rights on an equtitiywith that of tbe white presuppose* the axsi Wtere sre joujr bloated and overwealthy remjb!-whoseemployIhaveremaineduptothiatime. Inthe srrirgofI860ImovedmyramtlyrromPottsviltetothis cityla a public manner,andmywhereabout*bwatall times been known ta all, or nearly ail, of the business men In PottsviUe, never having for one moment thought that I bad been guilty of any act tbat made it necessary•Iwfj-asid*.* aaijtotwe Utiak on thisand if yon would ail di the same we would have ao troubleoathissubject. In1866Sewardmadeanother •Ptech at Albany, hi which he Mid that this nation ww founded on the principle of the Inallen-r aImenaosr. (Laughter) Just after the passage of the compro «d !Li££b **o t t , , T e r T remarkable that Washiugtoa I S - J7.K1 • " • • * t a « »alk>t box aide by My countr)men, let party go to the win ts (tpptoose )cht( tthat"Mnaeaeh *°A'* » t atovery. It la very remvkab'eabolish | ^nhtV.sbtotoatornthe most rcflned "J^tJJ**wiU bo perfectly legitimate and j w r , uader the clr* the miserable mockery of Christianity— (Ohoara)—ele-la every walk of aoototy throughout our land. Want SrebssVeennom»in.sllK-iackyfoundtoa* no fiction, my fellowcountrymen—(crlwof ,'No, morecanIsay?IhaveWeariedyourpatience.("No,no ") ibe election to at hand. The day of battle al-most dawna. Are you preparedfor the coaflict? ("Yw.") with dko treMury department at Washington. I " * ! their owa free win vjt desires, aad wo ^ « J " f t w e a n ibe wbite and black rases. Tho idea M growing Are you organised ? I tell you tbat tho enemy are or- tor ) Then there is Chan. 8 Morefcead. I won't read any have, not the i r t bt conflict ao long Preuicted between atrocger w d stronger tvery day ln oar midst, ganised, and I tell you that tbe materia) aid fl »ws like and e.ven now la New York the propoaition U seriously wa er in year rural districts, fight the devil with fire,ffiS-ar Sexual .sSSj"./-;recorded in the hiatory of France the name of a grena be suffored to oomplate of your share. (Laughter.) The color voted—a \number greater than the majority by institutions of m y sciion to be right. We do notdjer—latourIPAvergae—waowasalwaysforemostinthessVaStoyadTalavwwillbe'fouadaaiongyouInaufficieatwhichtbeStatewwcarriedfortberepublicanpartyMInterferewithyon,andwewkyaunottointerferewithbattle, wd. I bellew, died on the field without promo^ lion. And ever afterwards tbe company to which be belonged took tbe name of Latour D»Avergne, and when it is called Use answer Is, "Mori IUT «o^htewrathtottisdlrecttonef TswA-aiton, where Z tion—(cboors)—I do not wish to deceive you I would T T T Z ^ * • • - < * * »te touadnr.nTimbers to compete with you at j our wharves and yoardo^sTnad hi every branch of labor la which whitepeopto atone a r e ' BOW employed. Mr. Lincotoa toocareful to allow them to come lato his ow»State and for this reason we shall have to aeadyooia Now York oaa million and a half w your own pro-portion, and 160 000 for Abraham Lincoln sad the peopto ft*.. *»•• **** ket theoldered, wslkieg to sad fro on tbe top of theel^a oflHtaoia. (Laughter and applaute ) But If you 1MBthere bad beea a Bound sentiment in Ohio; If tbe 15,000 voters bad been only assigned the position of subordina- tion belonging properly to them, the oon'eSt in Oho would have declared in favor of tbe paliv&al party and tbe perpetuity Of ,*&« Union. (Applause) I am aware, my fellow countrymen, that this question of the right of suffrage to one which belongsus I am a slavehol ier. I believe It Is right In my sec-THE QUESTION OFUNION OR DISUNION,dkotajw daonnew Our Clay is dead -m « • fleid of honor. la the troublesome times to which 1 have referred, bo seemed always on anty, with bis mus-Cleave {o lbs f00 Of m y mouth, rather than stand here tbecity befcea^O B t for(Xrtoa> „ order to bsve a ate a l l one, jot or tiftie ixom'thO coastitutioaal ruthteof mype>ple to pander to Ute prvtod tow of any audi- C0D."—with Judge Crosby, and on Moods) thsy held a ence l i t h e world-(load wfc*fi-***> f * *«itocaa rtnncw, to hare them ted tothemarr^ altarhFthem. (Laghtor, and crlti of "No, no; aerer.") This toput to yoa* to decide whether or not the negro shall If you want to conquer blm. (Laughter ) Bally ! Th* be admitted to the right of suffrage equally with your Union to in danger 1 I desire to preserve i t ; I selvea (CrleB of "No, that rhan't he.") la Ohio I under- will resist its overthrow w long w I c*n. atordthatatthe'lateelectionthere14,000freepeopleof But I am a Southern man, and believe thehadseeatbedueoperatioaofwhiteandofblack Ubor; trineoftheequalityoftheraceshwanationalbearing, feating tberepublics!)*,.») Defeatingtherepublicansisbut though he had frequeatly teen white mea diggiag and every man in the Uaioa h w aa. interest ia the de; but one step. It will not do merely to defeat tbe repub- Wvery evidence of the commaaceuiant of etrife. I* pawcanals and cutting out roads, be never saw them rnantlBf sion which you will mike; because, from the decision nplifttd bead he would have a » g ont- «all la «siL day or picking cotton. The two branches of labar could not you make—«bonld yon make one—tad thereby extendlican candidate for tho. Presidency, but it must extend down to tbe humblest offices ln yoar git t (Cheers.) Y ca mustcrcBh out thte interference wl.h the proper*^-,,4 iateretta of your e'euthera brethren (appl*"^*) go long w you tolerate ln office an tntermeld' _ . _ 0t,bernothing bat the simple aasjombcesaeat tbat the meeting lsbreahiag,attarlifht nwnlsg; you maygo to bed. be more dlttlnct. The advantage ww altogether oa the universal suffrage to this people, your actwill materiallyS-ua Whatisthisdoctrineoftheirrepreraibiecoa-fllotf Why,itlaanopes,anundisguisedandcareieut- characteristic speeches or Mr. Seward. He spoke par- leg declaration of w s - egs'net the property interests ofthehealthoftheTreasurywillunderstandthewhysla the cue, and learn more of It than that somebody male tnillioiis by fat contracts.No District Court has been held here for upwards of ayear,andtherearnecoresofimportanteasaw-oalhadockethisowawylum. Theipeakerthenagainreferredtotbtestimated at thirtytwo hundred millions of dollars. volved In their ^f^.nim fortheEthiopianraue;and Idown Broadway they all appeared to be gotog a member of that party, whatever may be lta component e e- be labor, and tn<:« oeria in the case o fN'ew York Bat it (g Have you ever read ia hiatory of any people so mean aad they Uvenr-ne ^ h«towon tbe aqoalii and mi«erabto•cwn t«wa. (Laughter.) Everybody aaaoMd w ir bo merjtw (Applause ) 1go further. I have bad just hopes andwell known Hat there la more capital iu New Y»rk,cal;efa labor State, than there la in South Carolina, called a capi-went in then for abolishing tue army and the navy of tbaUnited States, became they are of no use to the people,so degraded and r-o cowardly w to submit to the deitruc-ti in of thirty two hundred millions of property under theforms orlaw? (pics of • No, never.") You live iu a °" , TM tbtaginary ijta of slaves in tbe South,to the slaveholder, for the navy was supported by the plea and policy were hostile to you in Athe free en- Tuliimate destruction, I want to know whether you, ^ y averheld.Hewwawhig.Hisfattierwwa:havesleptwithhimifhehadachance.(Laughter)Kentuckyalong,butshehasalwaysshownherselftobe (Crleaof"No,np.")Thatlathequestion.Yo^^r.,-^ovsaol2»ti#nlArenotallnwtieesafelnleavingthe right"uptothehub''Intbegreatestrevivalyetwit-' electors at large on the republican ticket Is a Clay wii g, and commerce aad without any respect to the alavehoioV aaontaseow combustion elected him to the only office he ; and swears by Henry Otay, while toe other would aot era. There has been some idea expressed about drivingbeen at all satisfactory to him W trustee In trust for the noteubmlt to it, you ought not to aubmit to it; * A jrJ 0 a .;ueation to tbe people of the Territories? That is nessed in Mormondom, which will not only be felt-whig, u d fought under General Washington when , One has been a bitter oppment of Clay, and the otber ; thinks he will go to him when he dies. (Laughter.)a constitutional Union State, and in the coming issue she lanotgoirgtofall. (Applause.) Kentuckydoesnotin terfere with any other State, let It be North or South All she aaka is to be let alone. (Applause.) But if aboildidyouwould deserveto beslaves—slavese•.«,€a,a&# the national democratic platform. (Chcera.) Oathat throughout the wholeofthisTerritory,bateverywhere cowardly tbat a dog woald not deign to Kt^atVau platform I ataad, aad oa tbat platform I iatead—coaie throughout Christendom the awakening will be expe Here is a great sectional party in the No' A cUmoricr victory or come defeat—to do battle so 1 ng w there Is a riencel. Brigham bw got a hold of "tbe rope,*'w hebe whipped Oorawallto, (Laughter and applause) ' Well, be will have to reform very much for what he isBe was Tor fusion, was— (laughter.) He had fought the I aow doing if he ever geta there. (Grsat laughter.) 3-.itdemocracy, hip w d thigh, every tour yean for the last I our opponents tall us—'Oh, we aia't ebolitimists—we ticnlsts should come within her borders with the inten- for power, demaadlng the relas of govc- - ^ . - t a t FOU r lingering hope of aa bonorabra maintenance of tbe Union calla it, and unsparingly hm laid bare tb course or de-alwajs ready to lake ineiu and slave their heads and cut their hair, and learn them tome decent, profitable trada, without any charge whatever. (Applause) Coming through New York he had seen little tremblings for tbe coming cot c<it. but why should tlv.s great State tremble} Therewainoneedofthis^oraStalethatbatheaeach morcicg in the deep Atlantic, washing one f o t ia Lakeis an unrelenting wa-fare against $3 ' -U ofxreoo of DT'O section, and of all sectiow, to adhere ttriotly to the man to the world dare use the scathing la^goafe that great principle of nonintervention. It is a great groand rushea from hto mouth Use a cataract apoa the bead* sibetween an old line whig, tainted with abolitionism or soo- t But my old friend—for he is my friend and a kiid heartedt>o&ali*n, he would prefer to vote for a democrat (Aa- man—Gerrit Smith told me the other day thtt be hadFtr— ) Tbey should remember that they were bound lost all his party—they had gone off to tho republicansto transmit to their posterity the Institutions which they j (laughter ) He bad lost all bis officers aad most of hisInheritedfromtheirfathers Untilbeheardtherumblings;privates. Andyettberepublicanpartyarenotaboli-ef the storm from Chicago aad from Baltimore be had no | tionista; they only wteh to—I will tell you presentlyattention of tails* part in the canvass. It w w In hoaor j what. (Tnughter ) Now, I take pleasure la saying I Ontario and the other m Lake Erie, with an occasloaal d to•f hi* old leader, Harry Clay, that be undertook to make thick Mr ?mlth to be an honest old man. He never ran tnto Niagara, ^nch a State must be free, aad in reference to tb s question K BliiVery. "Tliey mean by the from the balls of Coogrew, and from the political platform to the other ta an Indfoatioa of ibSgtIUeVtopeope would not submit to tbat , f, teof repose. It requires the smallest amount of sacrifice the unfortunate ' brethren" w h i have violat- d bis coufitn<tt | B a people fiom whom I come will <fllBer c.xV ermimttic<n be-ahem up. (Levghter.) He bad reformed hia friend Y an-oey, who now mule speeches "gentle w a sucking dove." voice—"Good boy")—and if these other bo;a would doand he had ap*;'.J.ed to him tbe verse of that old hymn-. tbe same, wc would make no complaint of them (Ltugh vote of Ntw York la perfectly Independent of all thia. tution? What bi^omw of i s guarantees if the vague be preserved in no other way. Tho government cannot and thus prepares the back for the rod tater V Theysay they areaotsectional—that theyarenot Acsoonmay It be expected that Jw Gordon Bennett Ideas«f m<)ons'<rJlot:tentimenUijetB «re to overridethe stand thia perpetual agitation. It hw dissolved the pickle: counting, ao doubt, on the philosophy that abolitionists; bat hear what a few of the leaders say, I should allow the Nsw YOBK HBRALO to pass i*r.o the constitution o'A-X}L '{j^^a Mates? What sirt of a Presl church. It will dissolve the States. Let oa have peace. tbe transgressor, satieSed tbat he has gxvi qaalttiee,MMr. Yaacej « u A reformed man, aad be aoped that verned by extremisu, and not the moderate counsellors. against New Y&tk In the Union battld. AS for Ureeloy'a regard thir, higher lawns paramount to the constitution: to agitate It be overwhelmed at the ballot box (Cheers ) deem the mladeeda of the past; fas c;ir> rj ration whoWhiletbelampholdsouttobum The Tileal sinner j return.bards of I'orr.-y aa to suppose that Kentucky will go dect and ^ , a i sortC. a Caoinet would you have whon Let Ibis agitation cewe. Let the party who uudertek* willlie encouraged to take the disc, begin agvu aad retake It that if the party comes la power it will be go-after making ipeechw in the North h&would go and re- (Applause) Mr. Lincoln la every clever man, and he sr^per. r^body cared what became of such a sheet What ts t ae source of our great prosperity aad power w May God bless yoa and blew our common country. peatthematthe*>uth.(Laughter.)Referringtothe hwgreatmerits.TbefirstisthathewwborninKen* (Laughterxndapplause.)LetthemenoftheNorthwho apeopley;u^thewrittenconstitutionofourfathers.difficulty in the country at the period of the admission tujky—(leaghter)—and tbe next is greater than the were true to the sentiments of justice and the commw Adherexoe to It to tbe secret of our success, aad wbealisi:n to bis praises feel sympathy for ihe fallen, and arewillingtotrytbemagain Iateationai<yornot, Brigham By this course fairly gain the tilections ofef Missouri, be exhibited an original letter from Henry •ras-Hbe married a very respectable, nice, smart Sen. w&lfare of the whole coat try lock to this most impor any djtoord has arisen it baa been caused by a deviation Tbe meeting then, at a quarter before eleven, ad- all parties—even the "whipped'' and wiietig culprittackyffilrl,andthatistobehissavinggraceifhe'.3ever tantmatter,sadnevertotthemforgetthuthoughallthe fron\it.ArigidadherencetoItwilldoforthefuturewhat " it all. (Great laughter.) He tays he ts aot for aboUtiooisis in the conntry should neve to be sent <M". to it lias done in the past; but what guarantee have you la fog slavery. Ob, no, be is v&ry moderate on this Canada, there will-always be left in the free and slave tho event-of Lincoln's election.' He goes into tae CapitolStatesarampartofheartswbowillmaintain irvtoisse atWashington,andwithhishandupontheboiyEvaa tbe Union, conaUutioa and laws, and tho ilag oi our geliats, be swears that be will support tbe coastitutiontoftaay,aportionofwhichhereadw follows—DniMlta—Wesiwrnthewidetof the dfteuWon at the MIs- wowt reau-icUon. It • a* yet free from the irrttotlaa whleh w*aattoipeted:whatwillbethefinalrfupualuooatItaoone•an , renture to say I hoped tt would pass off with the ern«>Tem and I yet caeriah that hope. If it be not settled fai**e*»roatt will lead to the eonetraetion of tbe worst of all aorta of parties—geographical parties. Even BOWit "J thai day resaored, I hop* without foundation that a oeacua is to be ©cm eaee of member* of Congress to recommend for the sent rreWdentlal term aoms ethar person than the present i|-»t, aad every other subject of foreign and dosaesoo 1 to be put by and suppressed by thte momesuna sues-The question w w settled then; IT It had aot been taeNorth would have brought owt an opposition candidateagainst Mr. Monroe. Tbe next difficulty w w to 1S33,w h e n S o u t h C a r o l i n a M i d s h e w o u l d s o t o b e y t h e l a w s o ftheUnitedStaUsorthedecisionoftbeSupremeCourt.We bad then a President of the name of Andrew Jackson. larly when-some of you think a negro la better than a (Crtea of "Go on.*') Uader ordlaary circumstances I it penal for j a slaveholder by himself or After reaching here be w w carefully guarded till a court spondteg to with dollars aad cejts to the very astonish- (Cheers.) It teems you have heard of him before. (Re- while man. Therefore wbea Mr. Lincoln sr.ys that this weald decline to say anything, bat tbe present occasion Lis agent to attempt to recover bis fugitive alave. ment of the prophet himself. Henceforth the miseion• newed cheer*.) He w w determined that the lawa abould country is to become all slave territory, bo means juat calls upon me for a brief expression of my views, eem- what more? Several Governors of free States have re- of tbe people could be orgaaized to proceed with a trial, aries are to be seat from here fully equipped to crow tho be obeyed. «>ay tbe Kterual," said be, "I will make the | nothing; w d if he means anything, it is that the coun- oially aa 1have been announced to address vou (Noise fused to surrender ap, on demand of the Jorernorsof whisb w w done on the following day. Everything per- Plains, reach the seaboard, and crow the Atlantic with- bran be obeyed." During the dlfflaulty Mr. Calhoun try la to become all free States Now, what is the and considerable confualoa.) If the audience fled it dt- otber States, fugitives from justice, whose effeace againstcharged by some republican papers of the North with at-tempting to intimidate the people and of frightening theminto the support of the national democratic nominees forth) Presidency and Vice Presidency Coming from amonga brave people myself, I feel tbat wbea I make the state pics and policy, there ia imminent danger tbat the people health and comfort. The express company aow aead avention of seceding democrats and abolitionists After he s a t down, another gentleman made a apeecb. H ia name 1do not now remember, but he w w a tan, hatchet faced, hungry looking man—(laughter)—thin a i a squir-rel in tbe spring when the acorns are all gone, aad before the buds come out (Laughter.) Tata man sat ment tbat tbe Union ia in jeopardy I do ae to a peopto of the South will not submit to it? (Cheers ) Before messenger by each triweekly coach, instead of, as for- c'uae by me: I noticed him. He jumped up on a chair wbo are strangers to fear.' (Applause ) I would fell God and my country. I tell yon they ought not and they merly, one each week, and the hebdomadal average orafter General Nye sat down, and said, «• I am a minister of tbat I dichoaored myself were I to think otherwise, or to will not. ("Bravo,' aad applause.) Then, m y friends, wballthey take on freightto about $60,000. Mare than thisof those who required assistance.Between thirty and forty elders having received Botitl cation of missions Last Saturday they were in solemn conclave with the chief, getting instructions and being "set apart" for their tenors. Of coarse what wwsatd there ww not for others thin those interested in the cause.Yesterday the missionary teams were driving through tbe streets Eastward, and to day they rendezvous about twenty five miles from the city. Quite a n u i w r of per sons on business to tbe States accompany them. Cnptaia Hooper, tbe delegate to Congrew, to ln the same compa ny, with hia family.brimstone scattered over tbe Inhabitants." (Laughter.)After be eat down I took blm by the ban 1aad wtd, " My ihe intention and the hope of reaching tbat deep under it.") The' republican party claims all tbe free JMtes ln pay irg quantities have lately been made directly westfriend, I believe you are one of the most boaest men la current of devotion to country which reels la the heart The indications given by recent elections would seem to of Pike's Peak, and ln an air line about fifteen miles fromtbecrowd: but1hsppea toliveonthe otber sideofthe of the people. The tempest tossed mariner wiling oa a justify tbat clauu It has so turned out that New York wall you propose to build. Now, you moat keep It strange ocean, aad troubled by unfavorable winds, with is made the battle ground in the conflict, and upontbe while breakers to his right and to his left and all around the soil of New York let the victory In favor of the Ualoathe Summit.Great excitement now exists with regard to goldOB your side of the Ohio river, for our shore him, never seeks to dispute with the skilful pilot who be achieved. (Loud applause.) That man who sees no la the Nsvsjoe country, In New Mexico, and a party sion so well prepared for their journey, sad from the BOWbelocga to us ; and If you hapeen to get on our aide before tbe burning is begun I will take you In.'' (Laughter.) Tost waa the first doc-approaches blm In the deep and seeks to guide him to a tiai.gcr in the signs of the tlmca to blind. Tbat man who la preparing to start to-morrow for the new £1 Dorado. instructions and the direction of their labors being "toport of saiety. The kind purpose of leadiag him over cannot discover the clouda that overshadow our political A gentleman wbo brings tbe news stales that he h w tra- build up" and to emigrate, it is expected th-u future emi-the foaming billows to proof of hia sincerity, and firmament, closes hia eves. That man wbo aeea tbe velled through the region and found large quantities of gration will be greatly Increased Whoever thinks Mor habitants bwy all day fighting on the walla, and by Bight tor that prescribed for slavery, and his remedy was fire the endangered mariner would, never regard tho signs of the times to be thus portentoua and thus threat gold—one pan of dirt, which he washed himself, yielding monism dead or waning, and Brigham Young leas wcaretbeyfoughteachether.Soitiswithyouhere.Youare flghtmg tbe black republicans by day and cuttingeach others taroata b y sight. (Great laughter.) A mostthreatening state of things existed in this country in 1833,but peace w w a t length restored. Then the next time w ehad trouble was after the Mexican war. Ten know Mr.Clay tost hw election in lad* by tbe votes of tbe aboil-tionista la the State of New Tork. I know agood manyof them. Tbey said they were opposed to the annexationof Texw, but 15,000 of them voted ao w to annex her.Tbey voted for a side Issue, and Mr. Clay w w defeated lathe Stole of New Tork by a little low than 6,000 votesBut the efleel of that was to give w a war with Mexico,recoiling la a glorious victory—the capture of tbe capitalaadbrimatoce.(Laughter.)Mr.Julian,ofIndiana,for- warningofsuchapilotwavoicetoberejeotoi. enlog,andwboVet,atthebiddingofaparty,rashes $160. Aaamattirofcourse,thosewhoareoutofmoney onbisthrone,shouldbeheretowitnessandtohear.meily the abolition candidate for Yice President, aad lately elected to Congress in Indiana by 5,000 majirity by the republicans, ia aao .her doctor. What does be say? "I tell you," says he, "we are a sectional party. It ia no•. alone a tight between the North aad South: it ia a fight between freedom and alavery—between God aad thebut would receive him as one of the beet of friends. madly on to secure tbe triumph of the republican cause, 1 profew no peculiar sagacity w a political pilot. But I is either a madman or destitute of patriotism. (Cheers.) thick I see our proud old ship of State tossed on the ocean My countrymen, have you ever seea a time In ihe party of politics, with evidences of danger all around her, and ifareoathequivivetobeoffforthelandwhereallthiscan TBS POST BXPBSSS.be found; sober ones shake their beads; but tbe man who After all tbe fwa and flurry, and the rmmc-nae interestbrought |the news is kaowo^te many citizens to be Bare taken in the enterprise of linking the PacirjCwitb the At- aad reliable. However, if paying diggings abould be re- lantic by telegraph and pony flesh, the thing itself toported to exist in the moon, a company could be made up fast fizzling ont, unless other measures than those now :n twenty four hours ready to s*rt for tbat locality. taken for it* preservation be adopted at an early day. 1 Several aawya of silver ore bare lately been made with notice that while Mr. Russel and the Express Company Inmore care than previous ones, and prove the existence tbe Ewt are beseeching tbe government to gVve tbe routeI come to you as a friend to point out the danger, and ifconflicts of this country where there was so little threat ening at Ihe South;? (A voice—"Never.") Hare you ever seen a time whea there was such an ominous, significant, solemn alienee? Even South Carolina, with allher fiery propensities, scarcely utters a word. and wo bell. (Laughter.) Mr. Sumner ia aaothor pays! Rather give me credit for an honest purpose of endeavor- And tbe otber States of tbe confederacy wbo are supposedof sliver to be a fixed tact. Tbe ore, though rich, Isworth far less than (list reported Some of it yields to I too successful with the War Department, in cramming the ton $800 worth of pure silver. P.rtles have gone ' them with the absurd notion that the Mormons hadInst to bring out machinery; some of it will reach here stirred up the Indiana to etta:k the stations and run on this fall. The result or assays of ora sent tbe ponies. This ridiculous absurdity has had its tafiaciin, and he has bis remedies. hl&fJBfT(Hisses)Who ia thating to reach your nobler emotions of patriotic devotion ty rympaUiize wtih be* 1Bber views and her policy are to our common country. Is tbe Union ia danger! equally silent There is uo noise, no threateniog. Bat ("No") It la la dagger my countrymen if yos, may there not be an unutterable, fixed resolve on thethe protection of troops, some oflicioua bigot out here isA Vcics—It la for Samner. (Applause.)Mr. COMBS—Mr Sumner ia an educated gentkmaa—a belitve that there is danger of Lincoln's electro, pan of the BCStates of the South to take their rights toef Um ktoauzumas by that Illustrious man now in yourmidst—theold.immortalGeneralSertt.(Loudap scholar.WhatdoeshesayHesaysthat"weare(Criesof"Nodangerofthat.")IwouldratherseetootheirowahandswhentbeyfindthatagreataestloaaitotheUnitedStatesMintatPhiladelphiaIsencetaWashington,aad"tbe106armysizedrevolvere) With tbe termination of that war acquired aa immense territory of incal- culable value, w we have ataoo ascertained itgrinding itesh and blood, groans and signs, the tears result so than to bear talk about it But I announce oe hostile party at the North are permitted to take tbe looked for with s< me anxiety. Much speculation and the 60 Miaaiaaippi rifles" loaned to the expreas riders of mothers and the cries of children, Into a oeneni of a fore yon, my fellow countrymen, that the election of tho leirs of government? I am aware that thsrc arenu-y is daily going on in ailver claims A few parties hare have been claimed again at Camp Floyd, or toe value of barbarous political power." That is the war be talksof republican candidate to the Preaidetcy of iheso Siaiet who treat lightly the alleged dangers with which we are already made their "pile" i 1this business. them m to be charged to the company! That's tbe true bis brethren. He says, "Slavery must die, as the p>i w:ll pul our Union ia peril. I speak calmly, deliberately,to be. Mr. Clay was most disturbed, however, in referenoe to that very bill for th • acquisition of that ternsory. Mexico had emancipated her slaves w earlr asltSI Miwourl had been acquired with slavery alreadythere. Mr. ("lay apprehended that the North would claimall of Mexico w free territory, aad the South would claimitallwslaveterritory. ThuJtbeslaveryquestionwoeIdberevived,aadmight,perbaps,leadtothodisruptionoftho Union. Under thai state of things he prepared someresolutions for those atsemhlod here this evening (laugh time to burn a fellow up. (Laughter.) I hadotoo my- will not regard the election of the republican candidate confederacy. If that should fall, then there will be an it for the East. As soon w our merchant* and otherssoned rat dies, of rage in hia hole." That ia from hia wiih measured and well studied phraseology, and 1 meanenku be brought[abont ? Is there enough of temerity on ver yesterday. The finder says there is plenty more W cheap aa the army can, and, of coarse, Instructs hisspeech in the Senate. "The free Stales," ho eays, "arc what 1say. Understand me, however. I do not meanihe part of the South to adopt extreme measures? where It came from, but refused to disclose till he knows agent out here to let the arms go back agam. Add tojuat that. If it does not mean that, they are hypZ "'•"•^^'•waealt. (Applauae) WWtothWaoql trine? why nothing more nor lees than that the African is your equal- (cries of "No, ao")_eatitled to tbe same civil, social andpolitical rights. Why,Inthecountry v.be»eIlive,wehaveaslightopinionthatwearebailorl) between the time of the election and hlaintugaraton, ui.dtheorganizationofhisgovernment,which ridcost this republic, in Ihe deprecation of property or all kinds, more than $600,000,000 What are your stocks to be worth? Whatwouldbethevalueofthemutualindebted- nessbetweenthetwoaeotioBa daring thia timeofaua"A Fugitive fromTO T H * EWTOB OK THE HEKAXJJ.iiS^SSLiA*£lfttedoctrlne b«hon«lly*nterte7ned dousInterests,andthosetendersocialandpoliticalties coBStltutija IS,TM *£??» »V m. «l 8 0 t l T e majority oflhe people of wbich bind us together, are to be hazarded on tbe mise- ***Declaration of Independence. theseStates,theatheresultmustbethattheAr rablegbostofacontemptiblepartydie?(Criesof-'No")"nt . ^ V .miserable party triumph if it ia to be purchased at the thw verVmi^SI* ,h(i"1<, tav« T0*«<» ""'n Villa* ur»n aad jour issues on questions of Ufa and Dronertviud pri:e of our countrj? It ia meaner than rattenInteresting from Utntt. O i l ITAM COBKtSFOXDESCK,GBBATSALTLAOCm, Sept ft) lag*the Nm FeitreX JnOdMry-TU Commencement of Jto-LTerritory, arrived ia the city tat* mat Saturday eresdn* much fattened wththelong Jonraey, but e r ^ j > W y ' more disgusted with the mail arrangement* * , thTon,ask for this right arm t o b e palsied, and m y tongue to ctote Jcatice nennlknn ^ rnmlmA a J " ^ fI avow theie sentiments, I believe saa.trua* ^ thia poor heart a o w chertoh a Suitable re- gard for the Union of the SUtes—(chesrs)—meeting, "ia order to determine aad appoint the time for holding a general term of tbe Dtotiict Claris of ibe Uni- ted States Car the several districts la the Territory."years tbe country has been deluged with complaints nud« by theMormons ugainst lbs Federal JadicUr/, and the gentlemen honored with the weight of tha e mrne have. beea w fruitful ia their charges against the Mornswa. Imen's affairs you keep up the eboiitl in cot' '_. ,„ vaarmidst. Why should we be divided no.:- • .?!?%«?<txvi cannot, therefore, retrain from alding tbat Ifeel a degreewhen tbe people were divided into tb l u ' y S craticparties, theoneledonbythe 'w**f*5?;Tr-of pleasure a t being here a t the commenaemesrt of what- Over may take place, and w the Hxaun is eagerly sought after for reliable correspond*net, Iahtllnoi ftil to keep tbamenaadmatterabeforethepublic,andtheaexttiatewhich would otherwise bare to remain OT?r till aett each, and thei aggregate value of tae whole to them, "would er m %lML% ^ t h e .r g J ajpathies are In- year, it Is veay capbasaBt for many of tbe aot- Mwmoaetchavetheprospectofstayinghereanotherwinter.Tae army h w all but disappeared; there ia no maitar for ape elation; gambling is unknown—ia a word, there is ao inducement for any person to atay here, he Iged up wite rtowmountatneforfiveor six months: wita this view tbe Gentiles are eager for the opening of th* coast in this districtGrOUt BIVIVAI AHOBG BOBMOX jnSdIOKABiX.*—A XXW BRA BflTABUWXS).vita «tagitators either North or South? Are aot the peo-friends of the Empire State, would submit to that p j^zi't ple of the Territories the best judges o! their own social whole Church For the test five weeks w» hare beenobjects of tha ^ w , b e , r m m i Xaty &h^ t a e i r Cyes to the aqua 0 mT0.,Ld them, and snod crocodile tearsj . *B0B.{Dtervention. (Appto-te) Let slavery K -Co-tressandoatofCobgrew,andeverywhere. ° Jrar'woTds, let us stand by the doctrine that t»n"bwde alonefrom the various partiea. What ia to be gained by a de (•ence and the troat conuaed to them in preaHlagovtr fore they w 11submit to it (' j 0 u d ^ ^ ^ X b e r e p ^ . parte.re from this? Have you ever known any case the churenw Brigham i« a terrible man wien aroosed. licanpartythroughitsorgs*4tation ^^ {tt aocred«ed whereCongrewattempted toiaterfereinthematterof Hemaintainsaptewmgappearance,never l^rmitab*slavery, where the attempt dit not produMBtrifer The countenance 10 Indicate whfct to in bim nor wha' ve, jatry a higher law, ln direct remedy is to tianster the subject now and forever coming out; but hia restless waik from one end ef taebey that law as paramountto the constitution!, yyvst to tho use of a written conBti various sections and States of tbe Union. The Union can good of tbe ladividual, withholds ao praise that HI dc>,0 0Dawvas (Pike't Peak), Oct. 11,1860.Mr. COBBS—Oh, no 1 be hasn't been there for many Loud cheers'here arose for "Johaaon, of Georgia," and, to a mental reservation that he wi i aupport the Tiial, Sentence and Jbwcvttcncf Gordon, Ou Murderer— they would take "the attad,'* make confession aad bearA Ydics—Have you seen Lincoln in Keatesky lately ?Union forever. fXoud applause)ihe United States, all tbe time, however, holdingyears. says:—(Laughtera n dapplause.)N e w , MrLiaoomamid great enthusiasm thia front of tbe platform.gentlemanadvancedt ot h econstitution of the United States provided it doea not come Iin conflict with the higher ltw. What security have we? Whither go our constitutional guarantee*.- What becomes of tbe equality of the States; tbe right of the people everywhere to regulate their own domestic initttutions to their own way, under the constitution? [(Cheers). This ia not all. It is a pro- vision of the constitution that fugitive slaves shall be deMining None—New Discoveries of Go'.i Mines in Navajoe teatimony tbat Brigbatnjwas tbe prophet 01 the Lord, the tioa to tbe enemy's paxb, and they would stisk to hiatI believe this government cannot endtre pormanently a tTf slave and half Tree. I do not exoeet the house to fall, brt T 4 . doexpeetIttoceasetobedivided. Itwillbecomeailone thing or ail another.STEECH OF BB3SCHEL V . JOHNSON. Mr.JOBSSON,ontbesubsidingoftheeathusiaaticapCounty, New Mexico—The Afoney JfsrJfcef tight— Ihe and tbe old ahlp Zion till the kingdom w w Uiamphaot, Beaton Why—A City Government for Denver—The Dele- and after that.gates to Congress—Winter Approaching, dc , etcGordon, who in July test murdered John Gantz, fromNow, gentlemen, every one of you know that ttie storeplause v. ith which be w w greeted, said —I thank you, my countrymen and friends, for the corLockport, New York, w w two weeks since brought to D e n v e r b y W H . M l d d a u g b , w t h e c o u r t a t L e a v e n w o r t h wwunabletofindajurisdictioninwhichtotryblm.Ia this manner "tbe prophet" b w rskei down every- body that overdid anything with ebu-e i money con- trary to instructions, and hw at length arrived at tho o c t e l u s i o n t b a t t h e e l d e r s BTfall n o t s p e c i l a t e 0 0 t h e p o o r HehssInauguratedanewera,whichthefaithfularereStates have ao Ides of coloni-inf New Eaglaad again dial greeting which you have given me thia evening. I livered up to the iowner on demand. Congress hw pass — ( l a u g h t e r ; — a o r N e w Y o r k . W e s u p p o s e y o u h a v e g o t t h i n k , h o w e v e r , I n c o n s i d e r a t i o n o f t h e l a t e n e s s o f t h e e d a l a w r e g u l a t i n g t b e m o d e a n d m a n n e r o f t b e s u r - aboutWmanyblackswyoewant—(laughter)—pvticro. hourioughtnottodrawanylongeruponyourpittance. render;aadyetmneStatesof theUnionhavemadejourned.takesthemedicine andcalls it good. Ihaveseenmen of learning, ability and bigb social position, mea who would be distinguished in other comm iniiics, take the moatawfulexposeoftheir'•weaknesses"ingoodpan, though It almost "knocked them bate a coekc-l hat, at the vu gar regard and express it, and after it w w overiBUernetlmar f r o m P i k e ' t P e a k . OURBKNVEBCITY CO^BSSTOHDBMOB.taining to It w w done by the voice of the people, all mo out begging by the way. When tbey have luJUIed their missions abroad, If in the discharge of their duttes theytions and all questions being submitted to tbe assembled have got five dollars, or whatever more, tbey are to give it to emigrate the poor, and come home ai teamsters, or -instances there b w beea a strange failure of the water, aad la some localities the eatd is becoming too severe forenvironed. How can tho South secede? How can dis A rich specimen of cinnabar ore was brought tnto Den- state or the case. Mr. Russel can buy riflea and revolversof it. How can it be brought about? I suppose, my fact, stated in previous letters, that moat of the gooJs, morning for Pike's Peak, accompanied by lAwyer Defriends,that the!firstaprjealwillbo,antheelectloaof Lincoln,fortheSouthern States tomeetinconvention, and, if possible, resolve on tbe formation of a Southernmillsandmachineryinthisregionwereboughtoacredit. Assconwanytradi£ghauaeorminingcomptnygetsarea aonabie quantity of gold on bind, one of the firm atar ts withhundred ways In which it can be brought about; aad punishable with death. A man would not be w unpopu- toey ain't worth trucks II lock rune agin you prettythere are thousands of men throughout the Smith who are lar here to be known w having killed anotbar as if kuown sir. eg don't cave to and look like a sick chicken on a anxious to bring it about by some way or other, they doLot much care how. How e w y It la by a aingle apark to be a horse thief, and bis chances of escape from hang- rainy day, bat bold yoar head ap and make 'em believeof tire to produce the explosion of a whole magazine! ing, If tried before a jury of our citizens, would bs greater Howewyt;wouldbeforafewdaring men,taa contest lntbeformertbanlnthelattercase.yon're flush of trumps; thry won't play ao ha-d agin you. I'velivedandtravelledaroundsome,Bob,andI'vefound out that w soon w folks thought you held oat a wee* band, they'd back agin you atrong. So. when you're sorter weak, keep on a bold front, bat piny cau-A convention for nomination of clncers uader the pro- over some Custom House appointment, to produce a state visional government, aad for a delegate to Coagress, is of things which would embroil thia whole country ln hos- aow being beld ia Golden City. The session hw continuedadmtnisttatlon of this government. The leadtng propo-sition of this party ia equality between the white andthe black race*: aad their doctrine ia that all men are cate it as 1 do. I am among the people there. I assure tier. There are some twenty aspirants in the field, in- the baa la. Be temperate: never get drunk, for then ao born equal. What are the Irresistible, inevitable andciuoiDg men of all abadea of ability and aasuraace. Tbe matter bow good your hand, yon won't know bow Co to your patriotism and not to your feari; but fun-ous wheeibairow mar, who wheeled an Irishman's play it; both bowers and tbe aae wont save yon, for there'syou, .my friends, that I intend only to appealihe Union, thia Immense disturbance of the regular " A Fugitive from Pennsylvania Sent Back." Now, air, sure to win,and If you don't, sarvwyou right to.get routene of oar business transactions—in agri- believingyoutobewwillingtocorrectanerrorwto skunked!"culture, in commerce and to manufacturesv give statements, I would ask you to w y to the public thatopen^iwEEZ^**0**»»»•l»P*theslavetrade Sh^are^rvon^°D^^« •Mrmwl rags. Itwillturntoashesonyourlips,and waaemployedbyarespectablehouseofthiacitytogotoandcameincollisionwithher,strikingberatthefor- ^^fc"«J**aay_ioaw,bsinte< with the queetion till 180S. " i i W e ^ b r e ^ a e n r f n , ^ J i S L ' S ^ S ^ whea you shall ito down in yoar graves aucjeed Cuba oa baatatt*. I went there in the fore par; or the ward gacgway, on the larboard aide, and tearing away all" aays that all ssea who hold eligible for cabinet sprxiiDtmente-i^ughlerT^^ £2 >rg gcneratlona will rise ap sad scatter the seed year 1869, and remained there till tWen atck, aal re tee wood on tbat side of tbe tatter boat as far aft as tbe»o<ter each effort*, if eoseaai and to *&2\ ^dfartanpttrswe'ef•HUCL O f WsawVt wef the awUJMm, sss asbraeaM in the reoewaJ hi tar eeward all this ia penectly rldlsuinn, , ^ * tbe scc'al equality of th** races. Jan 1 jthen this state of are tie}? (A voice from ihe back part of lbstonanjwo«to^ton«atithewvuldseethaitojc*fcwu^a I:; cstnd The total loss or the State, It is th«ogbt, may canthenj('geucdersundmgiy.,rrhematter. Tn)ih-.n be-fi^ijrnivetsoeiOid. Tt.sia,webe.U-ve,thotiiSt'r.•.^ttSStaBSja.taismsola- not snpportCxsst-a oi YBRBOXT —Sufficient returns of the late o » - si>8 bave beea received to show that tbe pooulattna of Vermont has decreased 1•not the census of 18M) la fourontragea of a sectional^ t e n a f m - b e c ^ w/only l ^ r V S ? ^ TM TMiftteteunftu ^•fif1 ' w k 0 • • « knownto1e^pnonVd*to ^fffffc. • * •Z1*'* • Treprewtbie dectrteTof**S* ttue of the public sentiment which recognises icin capita!;*!* of the city of Ne* York? Wh»-e have the opportunity, before tbe proper tribunal, to counties the loases amnurit to 4,118, and 13two otherthedncitrbanee aT^.**rT"SZTS"^?t*'oaowalia b (any form of the •**»«« a| .Jse subject of aisvery. <Ap- Combs) hkd aot looked at tbe last escscs, I " f „ y „?•for me to hide or dtaruise mvself. And when I shall sfcowthetrothofarychargemadeagainstme,tbepublicCoi,nti«6 tbe gaina are 3 443, showing a real loss of sbouttiicgsshallbebroughtaboutswarnyou,graybeadedUntitled DocumentiKttiei*.aliohavesp«ntyearsoftoilandexpendedtho' fruit ihtirecJ :n tducatiigywur daugUerg ao'tiya they]Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069*. a}va**» »«*• " »»-^-f »•-«•" >w*>, u IUWI IVH \J. SB" »-I•MI am told that on campany of elders ever left oa mto.Y «, » „ «*»A www.fultonhistory.comI would aik a ttiefets .00 of ju ijcaent. Tr'M« yorrs.3. K. ii, KEr-N£R.*i»rsca !; the b.«t ry •• it..- r uetry, wl,*r>* the pep' Va- i.a. i.' i •'.!.•<: ha* reeled yi tae course of tea years 