 rHEW-TWE LEfULiXBBEt;^fV^•9^ Mmr-HgoA i0mmMS^m!m Mmaeer 4^069. -i-w&i^tlIof those whoas a gether with Its contents,chants fromthe WesternStates,purchasedschr. Oen. Keagie. for ^^^^^lECBPTION OF ISA GOVSKKOB'S MES3A6&third his time to devote to legislation can favorably on the patience of tbe State.BABDWIOH IBLAXIM.Tha news from the Sandwich Islands is to Nov.City.Awraaglaendmgnamed Pxraa MoGxk. Piix. TusTaTlie BiqnkUcui and Democntle Ifan&en of the lankte mti Aisembly held caneuM iMt night.Tbe DenocnUe Senate C«aous named DAmi. A.Ill aiy—yOfAlbany, for Clerk, andFauxMoCLDUzr,an experienced ontsideT tenn the administration of the laage number of homeward-bound whalers seek- It originated In a grocery- store, on the first floor ofthe oath of office, to the members and officers. In ing cargoes prevented the merchantmen from filling tbe boikling, and situated at the right of the main Broadway, occupied by Mr. CHAinits as jewelry and Council of tbe CungregattoaaUst denomlnatioB was•iNtfeiBs, for Seiseant-at-Anae, md Auzinso np^and to start even on the reading of the Govem- 'room inthe grocery was the butcherThewas damaged $1,SM, aad fixtures In the store $200— fnlly Insured In the Roigers' and Exchange, and otherXwtmtx and Blood were a]q>olnted a Committee for «Mlg Aitnre caociuea.'ttmrnaHttCtioeaa^ For Speaker. Mr. Caucoit, otTluonghterprise of Messrs. Wun, DawsC!ishopanrteved at histreatmem by SeOoaCo., the Mes- ili...T4MB, «f Qoeeni, predded over the Honse here. Doubtless you read it before it was heard bythealist d<B«BiBatl<iB, wUoh, be said strnSk^_MC^ iWeiTed 18 votes ;Mr.-Om%,otNew-York,CiTT MoxTAOTT.— 'Duringlk«M Ib^Bmastam I.•9f, eiLmJoR was thendeelared nominated.dlaeovered in the honse occupied by Baxter Hook and nuatber 3,054 ,wer« adnlti and MM-mt.VmMMxa, of Oneida, was nominated as the can- believe this is because it isfloor on the right side was occupied by RosxarchlldienBtraas, Ladder comer of and 3,058, femaUaMei. Then wan 730 deaths ifo^4Uatof« Clerk of the Boose.Datid HcBsicirecelred14 '*«tit,'aad Gxo. O. Joais le.Mr. KoBliD was then declared Bomlaated. TMOoff Hat, of Nsw-Tork, was nstflDatad forAs 1 hear Iteyes on the pen, I get on impressioa that, with per-haps one or two exceptions, it will be wellbrings West Heartlcy the sane price.Awere hlisd Mosts byGaossaAH, aFiftieth-street. The truck and ladders were adeal injured before they could be removed from the building. The fire was the work of an incendiary.FIRES U) OUUMWICH-STRXBT.About noon yesterday a fire broke oat In the stable ofMr. Malomt, rear of No. 429 Greenwich-streetsumptim.Bbooeltx Coavox Oocxcn..—A'Berrsant-at-Anns,I%rgoodregsfatTmeet- ing of this body was held last eveidiig, bat a^iiand JAia»BooKUnr, of Klncs, and'Wii. BccHASsr, of .^Ibaay, tor IsiMaTitsuponDaoikM^rlb. GnM, of Albany;;Mr. Hau, of Seneca;andpurposethat hehadtoMr. Cewunii, of SnSblk, were ai>pointed a Com- monster breathing-place of future generations—steamer Goldtn Age, from Panama.dttecWeetDfntoiecaocnaes. ,.Vr.BAinioin>, of Stetiben, (resided orer tbe Repnb-Bcaa WMW CaocDt.Jas. TnwnuesB, of On<m<Uf«, was nominated forClerk cb^e first ballot.J. C. CujUjorWairen, was nominated for Ser-camphenebut three or four ture. At PDoghkaepaie, the(•smt-at-Arms on the third ballot, and Gioaai A. Incident to self-government, it Is to be found In theBBIDOE, aC.^BEPHEBO IHDICTED FOR EXBEZ- ZLBipST—THE OPERA.Boston, Monday, Jan. 2.The inauguration of tbe new Municipal Govern-ment took place to-day. Mayor LracoLn's addressexhibits the present and prospective condition of tlwan alarm ol fire was raised, and In the porter-house of Mr. Caoss, No. 042 Houston- of lee was frozen across the river from Tonkento was met by a man In the hallway, who told her that Mr. Sajtcbl Gill, who lived In the upper part, was frost of the day and night previous. I^oat IX>««t of Bntdieas, Assistant. 'P. Fiwil. of Sehidiarle, was nominated for Door- keqier, and Mr. Fbabcib, of Ulster, for First Assis-Innumerable offices which we create. The recom- mendation to toll railroads made in the Message- coming from one educated among them—willher store was In flames. Obedientto her ma-aamaged $1,000, and was also uninsured. The dam- tanvUIe to this City the river is foil of tee, wUeb"•rar the Honse Repobllcan Cavicus Mr. Vax Hoaa terests." 1 tiiink they need not be unnecessarily ap-tbe and basementtaafc aid Wauib, of Monroe, for Secondlthe commercial in- prehensive of any such interference with the lawsof trade. New-York is too rich to be meanpiesidsd. He deUrered an address, on taking the Ckair,b>le<ycoil(ratnlatinghis friends on their trl- ^Vb tB tbe SCkMi and declaring that the Repobllcan rtatTi will stand by the right of truth, Uberty andshe cannot afford to adopt the guerilla system of New-as Tbe debt highly encouraging. aggregate cityamong A woman in La&yette, Indiana, wlioaehas been regularly besotted with Oie Uqaor Of' ftC«r». .On the first ballot, Dctttt C. Liwujobh was elect-9Iea4a.y.SteaBUhip TyDe»oatb.lBr.. aerew,)'>6I]lett, GlbnlHtred Speaker. Ok taking the chair the Speaker saidyearsday'moming in tha hauway of No. 20 Morris-street and an entire salt e( sails. Tfie T. saflad trsaa T"The Bepublicanheld nominating caucuses to-nightGentlemen of the Assembly, I assume the position of catch the tempting morsel on hisLegislature The Senators re. The members of the House nominated Jomv A. Goonwnr, of Lowell, of Chaxixs Hals, who retires-transpired,stronggales.5_„_ stlgmjiiiiiliUljg nffirnr i^^ a just appreciation of the honor conferred, and a full knowledge of the responsibilitiesNov. f.Na^«s,Bth:;yon Imposefor Arms.place—IHS WXAIHIB, ETC.,sworninasGrandJurorsBostobnafrokr TangierSid. Peter CUnton, Bragdon, Mobile.am dispoaed to look vritb unusualPERSONS AIUB HXBBBT FOKBIIl> AI.DIE.N to trust my wife, ROSALIE DINfi?! '»*«^jUnBraTreeolve. U Utsallyand weresured. vigHori.ghwayEobbebt—ABSEsrs.—Atabout9L1.i1mHIaP,Chamber, empty ioeumente i^%his spittoon, carry his letters and with a lot of i-amel.s Intended for shipment to Saa Pos«-offic», 50 to *« City deUveiy fiwcisco. It 'nas supjioeed th*;. thete RoMian coi-FISE IN EAST THIBTIETB-STBZET.At it.U, e» Monday the reil4e»ce«i{ Col,TM-i o'«iock Sunday o<ght, Mr.Josa GatxN,ofThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069No, 45 WestINiW-Yeu,Jan. 3,UI0.upon me. While I sincerelyand laborsthank foti fbr this to me most gratifying expression of your edBtaMd eonfldence, let me assure you in re- turn thatmck eqwrlence as I possess shall be leal- onily devoted to the discharge of the duties devolving upon me."Inand renominated the presentOn re-awrmMiTig, the members drew for seats, tbeClerk ueiujs «uiiiorUc.i t-> select places for Messrs. San Francisco woolen factory. Aboutstock 20,000 boxes.AacuLABies, Toeumzsand Root, vniu wcm Dally sessions were £xed at 11 u'cloc-k.Adjoomed. __^^^___Our Alhany Carrespoadence.u<,-<;nt. 'were to beThe argument oi a case in tlie Supreme Court ofusu;U kiud-Ucartedness to the unfortu- nate, would you not be good enough to find room for this commmdcatlon t Among the poor who occupied In Division-street destroyed by fire on were two families, who. In the loss of little children by that terrible death, and tha destruction of all they possessed in furniture and of the mostparties who last saw him aUve. JOHN FARRELL,—thx kessaqi—notices or THB oasajnzanoKwithdates ofIn Weather elear. sight.—3IU8 PEOBPKCTOF APPOUilijtNIS—THE worth in other pans of the State.Weather FORT LAFATETTX, Jan. 3, sunset.-Ship I— TACAXT JCBSiamP ISTj ireW-TOBK DEATHor A MntBKs—TBE isansAiiCE oipabtuektA great deal ofSeatenee of a Marderer. BcaLinOTos, N. J., Tuesday, Jan. 3.Philip the man who murdered CouL. Lynch,now a heart-rendering suffering and deslltution.Oyer•n the Bench, when the following gentlemen wereETC.AUAST, Tuesday, Jan. 3, ISOO.inwere Gov. Johb B. Wnux, B. F. Washihotoh, Col-has been be hanged, at Mt. Molly, on the 23d day of MarchThe driving-wheel of tbe State machinery started this momlBg, with such a head of steam on as threat ens to run it over the legislative track inside of the one hundred days.Ijfas,next.girl,;iTheorganizationwaseffectedvrtthcelerity—King preeminentlystrong,longstruggleare entirsly des itute, ha\-ing barely escaped In thfelr nIghKlothes. Mrs. NatbB!»«n may be found at No. 46 Essex-street, and Mis. BiraKB atCaucus having designated from the host of Importu- nates those who should discharge the various duties.The prepeatfecanee of the Republican Party In both branches, of coarse made the ratification of the Cau-cus decisionsThere was one toddant in theWeeks,2b, 31, 33, 35, 36, 37, 40, 4U4, 42, 43, 44, 44.froien upBevsrlej for New-Tork from Norfolk, with oom.very easy.that wlU beregaided here wlth.mueh Interest.'' Mr.lower,EektingorthePewsinPltmocthCaukch.—The annual renting of the pews in Plymouth Church(Rev. H. W. Bbxcbbb's) attracted a large concourselast evening. Exclusive of the second gallery, there taken on the large secUonil dock for repairs. are 294 pews In the Church. Their assessed value Is be stripped, recaulked and newly coppered..rm haauie zeal of athe business'proceeded with. regularComoany's Line, last evening steam*T. B. Mnisnd la aBihltlous—l«ud»biy sa—of the honors won by Hffli.F. A.CoirxLiaoas a faithful watchslog at thetribution to the Washington Monument a men of silver ore.andwithdifficultyrescuedthreefemales. Mr. Pbucias GoDrxzv. who keeps the Post-office and alsoStetaomtshheip Iroa Works, foot of Tenth-sL, K.R.,AssemblyHe.wssheldRepublican ticket entire la elected over the Citizens'ticket by 2i0 majority.The ateamshlp Roanoke, of nUthe .Vew-York andTlr^neopbyteReformer,large speci-alarm,a book and stationery storeround Morrinfor the purpose of bavins her nachinery thoraogniyCaucusto leave on the nth for Washington, taking with Idm as a con-The charter election wasto-day, and theday.:age,Ctaapm.stK.8. Baa been lOds. N. c(for Ma eoiiwUBJemje, a«d baJBs own Bank saessen- •i^-gettias Ua.90 <i«a as4 pkUaafa through the In-Tsttcawoold make a 'survey of tbe harbor of SaaFnaeiMO, and tkai pnoni to Croatadt vU Kew-FIRES.Mo. 4>BmI ThMMUtseat. wm the scaae of aarrind inxMa^ i«M. Adafoet in the register ofBroadway, Hii^tM.'MllawaB^i* iMff,^^,.Gaznjave Infomatlon to the Pajka of wkMHl*, bftmitr SIX nntsoRB bvbmso to bbath. thakot«irteiiBa*WM tlwectaeof tUfire. Befov composed of six oraivaR jaaag aian, ,who ^~«»yt^ t^ iaaiea ware asUngnlshed. the furniture aad him down aad rifled Us packets or^WJtanaAty aad the dlschai|a«f these lltlla duties wiU oeovpy about September, October and Novaaher amonntai to DcBimatlaB af » Te»«Ma«t Raaaa l> DhrU blllldlsg was daaiagad to tha araooat of $1,000, which a draft for $340. Immediately after the robboy Mr.tricate chansaliby which th«' uMttiblstieated ap- Yoj*.proaeb the pnhUe crib. As naai as 1 can estimate, .Tba aUpaient el gdd dust tram 'Vtetraia duitagone-thirdofof Mr. Mnxnmiandhis asso- thirty-three front the one hundred,$4M,000.laa^atrea*—TwsOrtmmf#1aaaaalaialseovaradby iaaoraaee. Previous to exUngulsh- lag the fire aoae of tlM tre cotnpanies—the ladUnglength,Ican see at a glance that it comparesprices of all articles heavy.demand for coal has sprung up, the two Steaaishipcap factory,hisyear 1869th^ime DeductThe limed byciates.and see wh'at an auq>iclous result you have. One-bat tell .of the Bherraback elain, recently con-UJudge HsmiAit, •tee,00«i.ala a eenooa IgM. Tha Petlee who iSCte on duty^t'SSl.^"!.'^ ^S'">' Rn-a»a«lB»aeiiB,«»«il- «vstmen Precinct during the niibt airaatad fthe Senate this was a short Interlude, but In the As-up with their usual rapidity. entrance. Mrs. Chsistiara Scaioaas was the owner store. Sodden flashes of light seen through the win- caUed for yesterday afteraooB, at Plymoath rMiiuT The ships Sfkim, Black Sf, RadUga and S. F. of the store, and the basement of the premises was dow from the street revealed the presence of the ire— "W the purpose ol oonsIdeTlng the excommuaiaOlaSsemblyn was so protracted that the upper Houseof Rev. ofnineteenchurchesa of a h«)f-hour, fo let the lower cateb took recessalso occupied as her family.Mrs. S. aad thebulldmgwastenanted. Oppositethe family of Mr. CaAnuas being absent at tbe tlaic.A speedy bursting In ot the door and arrival of t]^ and twoWu*, of New-Toirk, fbr Doorkeeper. Senators oi>iVessage. butEveryfiremen scxin the stayedfire'sprogress.furniture" mnch eznietieJathe Arctic regions.journeyto theCapital.to L£0.Inqt^esting nextIndulged concern- Legislature, which was to meet on the first Mon-a Jewish whose husband and two woman,NEWPORT. Jan. l-Arr.sehrs. Flrtoa FUb, Baker.do. Mr New-Tonudayago,tbe courtesy of the Governor, and the en- olulu,provisionsselling at low prices, l)arelyof Jacob O. Sam. second floor, the apartments on the right side,Awas sent to the Press In advance of its deliveryOnsagethose for wlMW especial inibTmatlon it was prepared.of the ball were In the of CaiSLis possessionvns $400, which Is also Insured. Carelessness of aS'iSI^ ^^Forfavorably with almost any of its predecessors. I sup- pose a Message to be comprehensive must be long. 1aadTbe only new item of Interest is that a spiritedtlm*^alaaafter aTaiysbortaeeakm, wlthoot tertw Inabusiaeas of ' naensys of the roomI.m"portaacc, on aeeoont a ttwSeTcre WeatkeK> the Klvan Aae.^.was colderMonday oD^e Hudson River Jtf aarweral thandegrees any prevtons day thla 'Wlatar, 1long only reading,comprehensive.^^received by tbe whose people,representativestic States and Europe, and goods will go still lower respectively the rooms on the foorth occnpiedyetbelieve ittrictyesterday momlng,Hail,with BanFrancisco dates toInsured.BTOUAT FLTXeCTH, OOBK.Brig Sygnet, Loekhart, Horton, N. B.,U.^dt,, with p»>Companies,with ears towards the Clerk and of this market Anthracitemonopoly(2$ a ton, and positeCompany, Lexington-auenueare now giving It their undivided attention.The City of New-Tork has a prominent posi-tion In the Executive communication. Wharf-age, Police, Railroads, the Central Park—thatstory. after 4 o'clock Mr. Scaunssa, who Is laall these are discussed, considered and advised about.I wish the Governor could liave through the gonecatalogue of your City's wants, without enumerating new offices as among the necessities. If there is a curse (as a conservative, I feel called to put in that if)yesterdaydegioBhigbsrlBtprobably startle what we callap- •1,7S0,- 000. The debt has been mainly incurred by public MfVwtntballotforSpeakerMr.SiwmC.Linu- sagetothecontrarynotwithstanding. Withoutques- improvementswhichthegrowthofthecityduringthe votes, and Mr. Flaau*, of New- tioning the honesty and candor of the Governor, I ex- past twenty years has demanded. Oris Clapp wasseller through the city papentoqtataaUlagte tt*Mk nedTad Wdwelling-house No. 3i East Nineteenth-street, by was speedily extin-guished, with but trifling damage.FIRE IN EAST IWEXTT-SECOND STREET.At 10 o'clock yesterday there was a trifling fire inthe No. 179 East A dwelling Twenty-second-streetITori^ It.lb. VuLCUB^Jn a handsome address, nwred thatItu^LBBMKaa be nominated tmanlmonsly, which«« amid considerable applause.Mr. Pf"-~-"- was renominated tor Clerk uiianl-K A. WitUATC was nominated for Sergeant-at- Jjms.JoniH Bail, of Erie, was nominated for Door- keeper, and C. L, Cnans and BaAsrain Datii asals-Messrs. Posn, of Monroe, Law, of Delaware, and Touua, of New-York, were appointed a Committee •• caiB fotore eaacoses.press the belief that no such legislation is Intended.An olii'^and and an adept at Interpreting public docu- ments, says that for " Toll Railroads," read " Don't pass frae /n ralm," and you have a literal translation of the original language.While the Senate was 'waiting for the Message, peUtlonr were introduced, and these were followed by Bollees of bills. I oelleve this Is the first instance in which any business of a like character has been transacted the first day of a session.The aMicM of bills to be introduced which weregiven in the Senate are exceedingly significant. One, for the repeal of the Registry La'w, comes from the Democratic ride, while from one Republican comeselected Chairman of the Board of Aldermen, and J. PuTBAK BaASLix was reelected President of the Council.The City Governments of Cambridge, Charlestown, Roxbury, Chelsea, Lowell, and several other cities in the State, were also inaugtirated to-day.The Grand Jury have indicted Iiaao F. SuPAxnfor embezzling the lands of the Hanover-streetSavings Bank. The charges against him for forgery were thrown outThe " Sicilian Vespers" was performed at the Boston Academy of Music to-night t>y the Ullman and Strakosch Opera Troupe. The house was filled in every part, and the principal artistes were greetedtion with the store, and. In fact with the front part of the building.CITTPOST-OIViep.ll rt <>]'•ST!^*fS^ S"**"* *»* Csaadas, Merlkaaa West MMLiTtTireTj Doorkeeper.person appointed SupremeCourt—Dec. 31Liverpool Havretitions, &c.Motiee was given of the following bills :To amend the act relative to disputed nills.To repeal the State Tax Equalization law.To amend the Brooklyn Water act.To repeal the Registry law.To i';t>'y'''^ ^"tBr'ff Public to act as Commls*slonera of Deeds.To legalize the acts of Notaries Public for the pastyear.To establish in New-'f'drk a Reformatory Schoolfor the reclamation of Juvenile Delinquents.The Senate then took a recess for half an hour. The hour for dally eesslonswasfixed lorll o'clock.TheGovernor'sMessagewasreferred to theCom- jnittee of the Whole. Adjourned.ASSEMBLY.. ..Albast, Tuesday, Jan. 3.'TheHousewascalledtoorderat11o'clockby mined,therewillbenoconsiderablentmiberof"for medical care to the Tenth Precinct Station-house.Another fellow, named Hxasv who poor Bbocewat,bad been engaged in the same commendable opera- tion, bad to jump for his life, and as a consequence' sustained a fracture of the leg.Mr. Natbixur succeed shortly after the fire broke out in getting his wife and three of his children Into a place of safety. He went back into the building to rescue the remaining two, and was not seen af- terwards alive. His remains, all blackened and charred, with those of his two children, Sxiaraiin aged 9 and Claka aged 8, lying beside him, present- ing a similar appearance, were found after the fire bad been subjugated.I It was an hour after the fire was discovered before It could be extinguished, although every movement was qtiickened by the knowledge that himian life was at stake, and it was probable a number of persons had been tmable to escape from the building. TheAragoWm. BMUxneon, Clerk of the last House.Prayer was offered by Rev. Mr. Caxtssu.Hon. D. B. FL0T9 JoHXB appeared and administeredpointments by the Governor, by and with the advice "of the Chief of the Insiuance De-Squires. 8t Jage, R. Cnderwood Bros.Chartee Deaais^/,the oath of office to the members.The Honse then proceeded to the election of ^- will be much longer deferred, as the law creating thehaving depositsmen, and he has made over Ms property as security.;and I do not believe she erill this year, or in any coming year—the recommendations of the Mes-to itsto aboutJersey,plicablepayment amountingriRX IK EAST inxXTKKXTE-STRIXT.At9o'clockonMondaynight aslightfire occurred anddemolish his doggery. ItwasMMbytkej'On^Kitton of Mr. Mnunni of 'Westchester, a reso- one to repeal the law allowing Notaries Public to with hearty applanse. The Indications are that theevening, originated from the roof of a bnildtng inSpring-street, near Sullivan, catching fire. Damage •MBt.Jaae>h.' trilling.-^af Oeeu Btans.Intiea waa adopted dedvlng ag^nst paying Cleiks,take acknowledgments ; and from another Republi- can we have a notice to repeal the law for the ap-pointment of State AssessorpI to equalize the valua- tions of taxable property between the various coun-present Opera season will be one of the most succeas-FIRS BI OREEX^CH-BTREET.At SH o'clock last evening, a fire occtirred in theDepartareextra pay, or naming any more subordinates Ikaa are authorized by law.fol everInauguratedIn thiseity.The European mails for tbe will ciss* ttii Asia,$$y*e.^aBySENATE AiBAliT, Tuesday, Jan. 3^ ties.—HE COVDEMKS ALL ATTEXPT8 TO EX- CITE SLAVE INSURRECTIONS.Ci,svzLAin>, Tuesday, Jan. 3.five.stoiy freestone-front building No. 288 Greenwich-street It originated in the second story, which was nptnTbnnday, Jan. t, elodag at ll( P. M,Umaite, fcUowing in this the precedent- of Lieutenant- eorenwr Saum.ThalsbUea were densely crowded.A fnym was made by Her. Mr. Pasxh, of Troy. A Srt of the Senators was then called, and all wereAll these are enactments of the last Legislature,Is our legislation so hasty, or our people so fickle, that Senators betray such an Impatience to conmience the work of tmdoing ? Why this hot baste to tear down what their Immediate predecessors latwred so hard to build up ?—for I believe I am within bounds In sajlng, that at least one-half of the time of the Ses- sion of ISM was absorbed in the consideration of the three biUs I have specified.CBASEoccnpied by Isaac LAaini, manufacturer ofaadpreserves. Owingtothelargeqnantityl>fstrawused for packing purposes, and the dlificnlty experi-enced in procuring water from the frozen hydrants,the flames had nearly enveloped the building beforeanything could be done to save it *The efficient ac-tion, however, of Manhattan steam-engine No. 8,with the aid of the firemen of the District served to arresttheprogressofthefirebeforethebuildingwas Kaaaaroo ...-Jan. 14...-Hew-Tert..Ttle Senate was called to order at lientenant-Coremor Caupbxu, who made no re-pickleso'clock by•rOeasMMJan. .Jan. Jan.Jaa. 1... .Nev-Tockyresatt except those from the Fifth and Ninth The death of DoBAin D. Sbav, member elect fromAssembly, prohibiting slaveholding andArabia Jan. 18... Kew-Tork Liv _ entirely consumed. Jobs J. Baoina, dealer in hard- VanderbUt Jan. 31... ~7ev-Tork .Harsa.Distrliitk.The oath of office was administered to those in at-ofkabeafcorftu. Referring to the letter addres-stock was to the damagedof John liell $10,000, and hetherefor was issued by the Governor to-day. I think The faUowing officers were then elected by a vote I saw a gentleman looking it over to-day in the Ex-extentwas.insured for $*,000 each in the Continental, Fire- KdinbiushtheFirstAssemblyDistrict ofDelawareCounty,ren-ders a special election necessary. A proclamationand more the benefits securing eftetuallyware, occupied the first floor and basement His XuTopa.Jaa. 36...Jan. 38... Jew-ToA Jan. 38... .Maw-TaA.....;ecutive Chamber, who expects to administer upon the legislative estate of the deceased member elect.•f 23'to7:Jauxi TxrwnuGis, Clerk.jASXg C. Claix, Sergeant-at-Arms.Gio. H. KaAPF, Assistant Sergeant-at-Arms.PKnJ. C. JomiBoa and-.^OBH H, Fsahcx, Assistants.The Senate then proceeded to the reception of pe- ber of the Court of Had D. picion holding sentiments, subject-Des. Sl..-.Uvetvaoi rDee. M....UverpoiaThe Court of Appeals—on the ai^cation of the Governor—has been Informally considering the ques-children from the ruins, was himself finally nearlyapples.about $15,000Dec n.Dec. lg,...eiaag»w De*. Sl....Uver*oaition whether theJudge in the place of Judge Davixs would be a mem-under circumstancessens fraveling in Slave States have, on the mere sus-$1,000 Earopa. The bttlld- Jut*— Jaa. M—Jan. SI. ...Havre roa cAurounA.Appeals. Judge contin- ued as Supreme Court Judge, he would have been this year in the Appeals. The Court, by a majority of one, decides that his successor does not occupy the same position, and that Judge CLxaxx is the one to act as a Judge of Appeals. The matter is of consid- erable Interest, as the Governor could secure the ac- ceptance of the vacant Judgeship by a person of the highest talent, if a year on the bench of the Appealswas a pari of the honor.Speaking of appointments, I think those who antici-ed to espionage, indignity, arrest and imprisonment. Still the people of Ohio hold fast to the Union, and would neither dissolve It herself nor consent to its dissolution by others.m Feaaaylraiita Iieglalatare.HAXussnioH, Penn., Tieiday, Jan. 3. The Opposition Csikhs has renominated Mr. La-wuvci for Speakerof the House, and nominatedMr. Rahcb, of Carbon, for Clerk. Wh.Fsahcss,ofVenango,waselected SpeakerofKe«:TeeEpate the rewards of office for their toils as politicians,wUl have to cultivate the virtue of patience. Yourecollect, do you not ? that in IStS a masterly inactivi-ty was preserved in respect to appointments until afterthe Senatorial election. I think I detect symptoms of members chosen,the verdictthe jury:that the successful tactics of that year arefollowed, and that until after the complexion of the delegation to the National Convention is fully deter-organized byW. C. A. Laituiici, of Dauphin, as Speaker, who re-Clawed.Steamer Asia, (Br.,) Lett, Liverpool, E. Canard.Ships Empire, Howell, Norfolk. Stni^ges. Clearaaa 4tH. Nottebanm, Lamb, Antverp, Laytin k Horlbat.;andconsentoftheSenate."Iquestioned anoracle" to-day, and the response was to that effectble,andMr.NAIAX^asaies of EviLT Bubab. aged five yearsYorkHospital,dressed.Borton,Charleston,D.O.MDrrsy;The parimeht;MoU ft Co.appointmentand Mabt a wo- Dwtxb,—JudgeappearedHcCready, ftSpragae.Wolcott,announced. I do notand was swomiin asis notbureau took effect on the first Instant Until within the last ten days, I thought Mr. 'Wh. Barhu, of this city, would be the man, but It looks now as though perhaps Ex-Congressman Dosd, of Washington, mightIt is held up, I understand, with much hope that such will bethe result. ^Do you relish the thermometer on the lower side ofzero—with a downward tendency TpresentGbos8MA2(,tirely consumed. The limbs of Mr. Natbsiisss'b children had also been burnt so as to destroy the ex-lector of the Port of San Franciscomerly a member of Congress from AlabamaJacobus 14. John C.Lake, Jr., Beanett,WilUam bark Comet, London.Bof- Pomona, LlveiTOOl Iand af. Adrian Suydam,9. Mcholas R. StitwsU,ls».20. Peter.We must bedo, quite equalSergeaut-atwns held Coroner SoBUaii Uinii Sfax- byThe Pacific Coait.In the afternoon an inquest upon all the bodies wasStmday. CoronerInquestonMondayford ,Steamship Chesaaeake. Crawell. Pertiaad, withBe wasand his election was not regarded as a test of tbebeavv nortberlj gales. Splitsupportedby theproper^holdersgenerally,a In bed—a fallen and—— .ofTbe first railway locomotive ever constructed inCalifornia had jtiat been completed at one of the San Francisco iron fomaririas.strengthpolitical parties.E. Sprsgue, Git>bs, Wsreham.SAIL .D—Ship Logan, for New-Orleaas. BrigAaa,Operations commeaecd on the ISth alt In the new teventy-fivamay be left at this office,operativesemployed.With yourwas antici- pated that no election, with even chances, will takeHABWICHPORT, Kass., Petit,platter.Paleima. 1Mb; XapIf youmakeCleik and ^__^_^WIND—During the day from W.againto be;cityap-theruinsforthebodiesofthevlc- tiras was catered upsn as speedily thereafter as possi-nent in one ofhisthighs, inflictingJan. S.The Speaker then asked the cooperation of mem- fire was wholly accidental, a verdict in each case ofCmcnntAn, Monday,bers In carrying out the rules and order, CISCO—IMPOBTAWT REAL ESTATE LAW SCIT— yesterday afternoon a fire broke out in the build- death from " btims accidentally received" was ren-enforelngeach being essential to the preservatioB of order, the dignity for which the Legislature is distinguished, and the dispatch of bnsiness. In concloslon, he called on the members to invoke the guldanct of Di- vine Providence, the source of aU wisdom and Giverof every' blessing.The remainder of the oScers were elected as nom-inated tn the Republican caucus.After the reading of the Message it was refeired toa Committee of the whole Honse.Mr. Law, of Delavrare Co., announced, in appronri-ate remarks, the death of his colleague, D. D. Sxaw. XeaoinUoB^jpfcondolence with the Amlly of the de- cvaaed won adopted, and the House adjourned till 4 P.M.No. Si Walnut-street, occupied by Jas. BaASnas The bodies were at theMondayof liquor, which he had been induced to drink at acomer CorODcr JAcaaAB held an Inquest grorery.to Isaac OdeU.Steamer Nev-Laodoa. Smith, New-1mdse. and Msseaaers to E. E. BoekweR.Steamer Point, French, Baltimore, vitB I LtocnstCalifornia had commenced to test the validity of whatIs known as PcTsa Smith's title to real estate. This,kind of title covers ten mlUloos of dollars worth ofproperty in San Francisco, and atxmt fire mUQons, the 21st December.of the Bo- the SteamshipwasUnited States Senator by theJanuary. The candidates most spoken ofdova tbe Narrows, la at tow,speculation the election of aclothing as well, presentpicturefor New-Orleans, passed1:30 P.M. Wind moderate. W. Weather cloady.; S.H.and Jas. A. Mc-13.Lisbon__ DeNOWoRlFfOLK,ThJeaond.o3r.e,—TLhieveircpboro.lS.atella, from Seaabr*.The Territorial Enttrprue of the lOth says that theopening performance last California Mining Company, of Virginia, after Mx PlOCB quiet; Howard-street $6 25. WheatDove was, this >»>niln«l She wiBHisevening %fa a whereas or two and a resolve against weeks of drifting, struck the main silver lead fifty- firm but quietBaltimosx, Tuesday, Jan. 3.which is covered by liusur- ance. Most of the letters were saved.State Iseasury.theaamtwent officers,uotcontemplatedfivefeetbelowmateshisloss attl.lOO,of extra the surface. The ore;white, $1quietwho occupied the second story and corset manufactory, places her loss atFaval, Nov. 26.-Tho celebratod yachtfavor upon Mr. adhered to, eachCotton in improved demand membermustsweepouthispor<tonof«>>eAssemblyOct2.Mr.CoLLisshadarrived'downtheAraoor.bales,at10)«c.formiddling.to the Lorlllard estate,fullyin-discovered from the originalwas $12,500.Thetotalofthepremiumspaid $18,127oluuWaD.nSd.ema^ D- Walker, Marths.for- ; J, W.deaaxJarvls,Dxavia, Ex- Governor of KansasDoDOALL, one of the California members ofin 18i4. None of these candidates were regarded as The store of TbcSt, Sickli 4 Co., fancy goodsdealers. West Baltimore, has t>een burnt; loss, $10,- 000, insured.and The weather Is cold, and snow Is Imminent.Charter Bleetloo in Oawega. Oswzoo, Tuesday, Jan. 3.iplace this session.Telegraphic dates from Carson Valley are to the11th of December.A large meeting was held at Genoa on the 10th tobid farewell to Col. J. J. Masszs, the newly-electeddelegate to Congress from Nevada.BAunaoBj, Tuesday, Jan. 3.plenty and comfort wbolidavs have been thus suddenly changed into utterCongressill be thankful for the opportu-nltv of allying these sorrow -stricken people, whose 7. Phllo B. Gilbert, 18. Isaac Skldmore, Jr., ro.wreckers have tohtf gone_nominatedtheirofficers.their boilles, in having been sn- places,valaaraahedIn tbe Senate. 4ke 'Lieutenant-Governor, and In the IT, one week later. Some 83 more whale-ships had yesterday morning, in the double foui^story brick a few heads aad conquered a peace.tbelrAssembly Hon, Davtb R. Fiotb Josxs, SecreUry of arrived, and only about 30 in addition were expected ttncment honse No. 303 Divisloa-street by whldi theMradM for a hearing. The PoUee an qolte tm AXOTHXR FntX IX BROADWAY. "'" •'»«?.*'U be able to arrest UwM--awakswoi.Between 9 and 19 o^dock on Monday evening, a gang of highwaya^a.fire was discovered In the second story of No. 391 Dr. Hatch's Ex-Parte Council.—An Br-jg^AuiKT, TUMdagrt Ian. 3.He net? $tate Officer* were sworn Inyeateida?- State, done " the subornation of perjury," as I heard tUa season. The rates of frelghu were low, aad lives of two adulu and four children were sacrificedWiiUtu, were slowly taking fa> cargoes of oil and bone for Atlantic ports.A fine jobbing and retail trade was doing at Hon-L. S. Haicb from Dr. Caxavza's CfitnSj^were covering tbeir cost and charges.fore, aotorganixed. Mr. HatchCOMMEaCIAL IMTBLLIQEKCE.Sah Fsahcuco, Thursday, Dec. 12.The weather continues fine, but business is dullInsurance Companies. Tbe damage to the building libertiesSpeaker,tremities, and the little ones were only known toit Is for the said, competinga with his printer,apartmentswife and fire children, and tbe op-tailor, with hislarge number of vessels are due from the Atlan- and Jacoi Nolan, a carpenter, vrtth their families,thefr arrival.Arrived Dec. 9, bark Emilf Bird, from Hong KongSoonbutcher and works in a meat market instreet, got up and left his house for the of;10th, whaleshlp Eliza Ailonis, from Honolulu 12tb,at tending his bnsiness up-town. An hour afterwardspartly consumed,Sailed Dec.Ma»tackuon a cruise. M|9. ScHLoassa and $tttt, arose,0, whaleshlphaving lighted alamp which was suspended by a vriro over the coim- ter In the store, she went below stairs, where her childrenweresleeping,withtheintentionofmaking a fire in the stove. She had not succeeded in this,Is and there are funds on hand nearly (9,7MI,0O0,neighboring doggery-keeper, recently 'wan>ad~^KcetlBg of tbe liOflalanre af Okla. OBOAJIIZATIOR OF TEE BOnSE—KE88A0E OF OOT.The scene now was one of awful and intense in.terest One poor woman stood at a second-storyfront window beseeching that some one would assistIn saving her two smallest children, whom she couldnot discover on accotmt of the dense smoke. Hercall met a ready response, and two biuve fellows, byclimbing up the awning-rails, entered the room, se-ctired the children and passed the overjoyed mother,with her little ones, safely down to waiting handsbelow. Another woman In the street was rushingvrildly hither and yonder, in search of her missingones, but In the confusion It 'was impassible torelieve ber suspense on their account It now be-came Impossible for those who were engaged in thework of rescue to remain longer In the building, andmany of the brave men endangered their own livesby not leaving sooner. One yotmg man, named Bocz-bh, who had succeeded in bringing many of the been insured. BiaxAxn Mxaui nsed the fourth floor BungariaBThe OliloO. Pabsoss was elected Speaker of the Honse.R.Legislatureorganized yesterday.4...(... .Xew-Teik- >,.- New-TeekGov. Cbasb's message was read In the afternoon. It is confined mainly to State afEalra, but at Its close rec- ommends the reenactment of the acts repealed by the last Generalkidnapping,of writssed tohim by the Governor of Virginia, he condemns ail Inroads Into other States, and all attempts to in- cite servile insurrection within their borders. But the whole blame should not fall on the Free Statas. Ohio has frequently been entered for the purpose ofFriaseAlfcert Arago Clasgew. Caaala...Oahn_v. Ba*ia.ftmm>and the Slave law kidnapping, Fugitive executedRew-Terk wUl John Bell-.of cIU- great aggravation. Herchalk, did business on the fifth floor. cover bis loss. He was Insured.X«sr-Tstfe Mtmrn. ITev-Terk Kew-Tezkof obnoxious beenthe Senate to-day, and Russiu Eaairr, burgh Gazette, chief clerk.ofthe Pitts-tive to the cause of the explosion last Saturday, of a boUer on board the steamship Granada, by which LnxB Flannioan, a 'longshoreman, was killed, andeleven other persons were severely scalded, was con- dludedyesterdaybyCoronerJaczhan. Followingisof"ThatLcKB Flansioah came to his death by theexplosion of a boiler on board the steamer Grattada, in the Harbor of New-York, on the 31st of December, 1859, and the jurors say that said Ixilier was defective and tmfit for use previous to the explosion."BTABBixa Affrat.—John Hcwe andTaoMASClau had a last at the comer of Cen- quarrel eveningtre and Leonard streets, and Howz stabbed his oppo-snatm tuuMJkc turn aai. BoBTlMi.... till Baa sets.... 4 48 IMoaa itti. . . . 3- 1* ana waibi laii aar. aaa«jHeok.3lSiaoT.lBlaaL««2|HsBfiat8.M. <atMARINE INTELLIGENCE."The Bouse assembled at noon, and after the Secre- tary of the Commonwealth had presented the names was the election ofNEW-TORK...-TDESDAT, Jaa. 3.ceived 6S votes, against 33 for Mr. Hixii Dchlap, of Philadelphia. ^Defalcation of tlie State Treaanrer of Molae. PosTLAas, Me., Tuesday, Jan. 3.B. D. Pick, our State "Treasurer, is a defaulter and the Governor and Council nave notified the banksof State moneys, to pay no checks drawn by him. The State is setmred by his bonds-Co.Brigs Atlantic, Johnson, Nassau. Master ft Baatawj.niaaaachaBetta lieslslatnre. Bono, Tuesday,CoroBera' Inq«eats« .^—'- -'"'- -''-members of thename has not yetH. w.Has loMilbbsem aL_Firea. STOBSBOrSBS AT CIBCISNATI.the charred flesh emitted an odor and offensive.extremely sickeningELicnoM or a state sevatos vkom sak teaic-WHO SHALL BE mnTBD STATES SSMAIOB?— ing dered. Immedisteiy placed-^'BICE 8ILTES lUNB.St. Lons, Tuesday, Jan. 13.The OverlandDec. 12, arrived here last night, having been twenty- one days outA. C. PiACHT, Leeempton Democrat, was elected to the Slate Senate from San Fraadsco on the 10th ull.disposltioB of the relaflves.occupied by Haxzb <t Buxsmss, grocers, and DaioslThebuildingcalamityMrs. \\^LLis, keeper of a matrimonial Intelligence of-was found dead in bed at her yesterday momlng,residence in Forty-first-street between Lexington and Fourth-avenues. Deceased and her daughter, a child 8 years of age, were the only occupants of the houseresidence In Seventy-first-etreet near Firstavenue. Deceased received his injtiries In eonaeqtience of$40,000, partlygroeeiy stock was Insured for $5|p in the Butter's Company, and that amount will neflny cover ber Toss. Mr. Si(iTB,^he butcher, sustained a loss of about_Jaxxb alaborerem- laths,fte.,toSimpsonftClapp. Hasexparimislt8«yton at Bordentown about three monthstried and found guilty, and was to-day sentenced to,Destmctlen af a Dry Goads Stare.15. John B. Hendrickson, Wm.G.C. Kowenhoven, 178. TCihamroltehsyWNUobsotnraen,d,_.Jan. 1.—Arr. ships Oibom, Howes, firom Boston i J. B>andTbe harbor:is almost arrive with great difficulty.steamersentirely closed,Blarketa by Telegraph.overhauled.The dipper- ship Carrier2i®*l 40. Coase Psovisiosssteady.WaisiTduUat26J4c.MissIsmoEiCiEi,This has been a rainy day. Cotton unchanged sales, to-day, 6,S00 bales.MoBiLi, Saturday, Dec. 31.Glbsoh14,;The maiket i* ^et, owing to the how aPXeCrIuU,aWsOnUo«d«.ebtscontractedbvherSwf.Utloh^me^SrSsSMwrC"- sized or paid by me, j5h»3,500 Mouu, Monday, Jan. 2.belongedsales, to-day,•Unititlejtd DoJan. 3.A German, apparently35ofwas found dead on Mon-;Fortf-seeond-A Co. and McGoira d; Sbaxp, and extended to thatoccurred was Mills, liquor house. The loss is between $30,000 and owned by L. B. Rixn. It was damaged to the extentNrw-HAVi>, Monday, Jan. 3.The store of 6. H. Wilson, at Pl)nnouth, was $100 in his fixttires, &c He is fully insured also isOr Monday eveningburned on Sunday morning. There was Insurance on the building and contenU for $4,900.Fran HaTaaa.Nav-OaLAAas, Tuesday, Jan. 3.The steamship Wabana brings advices of the 30th December.The sugar market was tnn at 999 Ji reals for D. S,the same Company. None of the fsmilies saved any-ds., with eeMaB^ fte, to D. C. Murray. Beenl3ds N.of Hattenw, irlthNo. 12 ;Sterllna Exbhange ISaiSii premium. Exchuya lb Uu EeUttr of ike Nexr-Tark Timeson New-York 304 per cent pretaluia.Non-Arr1v«1 oT the Bebemlna- roSTiAjiD, Me., Tuesday, Jan. 3—11 P. M.can be the the water, is false, as proved byBy Telecrm^uLONG BRANCH, Jan. 3, aaoset—A schoonerjin tow,passing this point, bound In. Wind W., light. Weather HIGHLANDS. Jan. 3, sunset —One of Cromwell'*no hemian, now due at this portThere are as yetsignsbuilding New-Year'sBROOKI.YKINTEI.I.IGEICCB—THR CotntTS- The Circuit Court and Conrt ofsmall propellers south of Ibe Hlshland:no othsr la-Liverpoolnight,ward-bonnd vessels8ANDT HOOK, Jan. 3, sunset—N* inward-boaa<vosels In sirht. wind W„ light.cumentandunchanged.irillnotatthoJJloaeofthesessionvoteextraallow-Comstocklead.Miningclaims,inconsequenceof FLOrBfirmandquiet.Wheatquiet,at$152$300,whichisunmsured.Theflamescommuni-whichisabout$6,000morethanwaspaidlastyear.chasestotheamountof$1,4*4,anddejalrf^osddwotttjUbyUw.and^eclaring ances to tfcej»fnlsrin advance thaithe majority promises to rival inrichness thatPHiLABiLretA, Tuesday,Jan. 3.as a hoop75, making the entire amount of pew rent $30,627 75,Wllllsm. Capt. Grangealta^ L. Pstfen- arrived at Flores Dec. por-had advanced 3S0 cent for whiteTxand $1 30® $1 36 for red. Coaa tm- percated to the buildings adjoining, on either side. Messrs. Cbas. Hall i Sox, dealers in paper-hang-about three as wtis the paying or makine aoj provision whjtevoSBr MS oatafc hours, and, the of Eli departare M. T. Dmaell. UlSttfoCScers. TheretotahJethisresolve,butunderYtbreat-i^ R.H.DiHA,ofBoston,whogalledforChinainthe changed. OatssteaNdys.wOWsbuitsikjtisu.ncMhoanndgaeyd,.Jan.2.The sale occupiedcase last year, only about half of the regtilar congre- Ipnenier hoafrtrhye vessel was left ajhort. which has Clvea •wca«a,„„nife,t this discovery,sotcalllngtl>eAyesandNoesatiireatt—thepteambTe shipMastiff",whichwasburnedatseasometime COTTOKSates,to-day,7,600disposlUonwas put through, aud the resolve adooted by a very\news had noe^ct on the market; Middling, lOJic. 3close vote. A» an.8<mlrerence, and having a high appreciationsacrifice themselves 'on tbe altar of their country, IMess, $18.Niw-OsLZAHS, Saturday, Dec. SI.frame confectionery,ofIndividualindepend-10!<c. Posibuoyantery that many of thesuccessful bidders were mer-since, had returned to San Francisco from Honolulu being tmable to obtain passage from that port to China. He will sail from San Francisco for China by tlie first vessel that offers.Two Russian steam-corvettes had arrived at San Francisco, bringing dates from the Ajnoor River tosittings.and is covered by Insurance. The building created while the sale was progressing, at the discov-United States by the first opportimity. Vareica Feita.—bales; the Canada'sofings, occupied the upper part No- 82U,the of topobtained Much exi^tement was clue to his real malpractice. He will be sent OB to tb*:building, occupied by sustained, to-;$200damage,whichis cov-Mr. Bzzcaxa's ministrations wnsn brought East on<Vaar ChlMrcD Baraed M • Oiay—SeeaakvaadcausalaeiJo Other Caaangrattoaa to^Ae Tear's— tato afree of thehospitaUes of New-fire,aasCBg tbcBB, aaaaitly apiiUedfabeing gottoowUeh came nearmostIdestlfed asiJ distressing in its resuha, occurred"aABv, whom Mr. Gaxxatntons over IS?J"''T?* •*"• 'n* acensod were eomisleepingapartmntts byhrritcd, but five mideUm~^k." distinctly declined. Tbe caaaefl wasoffcetodivkffiS: Ho aoimaSa German peddler, his wife and five children. In the servant girl in hanging clothes too near the stove- mInaUonfo reform' ConnregaOonaUsm U ha mkLFzidlsb, corresponding rooms on the other side, Haicds Na-THDiBia, a workman in a down-townwife and five children were domiciled. The thirdpipe was the cause of the fire.TIRE Ul A ruts OOMPAXT'S H0D8I.and to viadieateUtaaelf beforettepSncffamily.AanaawCosoaovi,apeddler,NEWS BY TELEGRAFH.AflToIra la Maaaaehaaetta.however,THE MEW CITY OOVEBXHEKTS OF BOSTOK, CAM- upon running up stairs to ascertain Its meaning, she street Mr. Caoss' loss was $1,300. No insurance. ManhattanvUle yesterday momlng, Inr tketernalImpulse, shefully insured in the FIRR IS THIRO-AVEXUX.At 4 P. M. on Monday a fire was discoveredsome bedding In the dwelling-boosa No. 141 Thlrd- avenne. It was extinguished with a few ofpailswater.todoBO,astheflamesbythistimehadburstthrough intheInto the hallway, totally cutting off all communica- caused tbe fumace-lieater. Itthatshedidnotmakeherthreatwltbont what the could do.Meantime the alarm had been responded to firemen and a police force, and exertions were atonce made to secure the safety of thethe building, many of whom were stilltotally unconscious of the danger that surrounded them. Citizens, policemen and firemen, all vied withother In this work of htimanlty, and, above the shrieks of frantic women and children, a chear would be heard as some gallant fellow rushed throngh the blinding smoke, bearing in his arms the half-naked form of a cowering chUd, and deposited it in its mother's arms. Soon the fire in its progress prevented further egress by the stairway, although half the occnpants of the burning tenement were still within it and all the others who escaped .did so through the windows. >eac)i(veij MoaidaF aa* Thandaj, U • A. K.~work of exploringserious woimd.Empress, (Dan.,) Von Ehven, Aptwerp.Faak ft Melake* Scbn.AnnGardner.Harding,8iBar,Brett^SeBftCo.; Senator, Bathaway, Taunton, mascer; H. B.8«aina.and his two children were first recovered. A further search resulted in finding the bod-where his woimd wasThe Niw United States Distriot-Attornet;W. H. Smith. Segtt,little boy four years of ageman 50 years of age, who was on a visit to Mr. Nolax, her son-in-law. The last body was removed from the rtiins about 10 o'clock. As the remains were taken from the ruins they were placed upon a cart and taken to the Seventh Ward Station-house. The ap-presented by these six human beings, who geaadrbaneceen literally roasted to death, was disgusting Inwas toIn the extreme. It found Impossible identifywhich of the two children "was Emily Btra:rs or Lbab;have been his from tbe fact of having been found beside him. Inadditiontotherepulsivelooksofthebodies,'ArrlredSteamihip Cohimbta, Berry, from diarlestoa, fo SpOf-TQestoDftCo. HasexperiencedstraegN.K.ialf» during most of tbe passage.held Coroner ScnnazB. As it was shown that the byIn which theof $1,000, and was uninsured. Mrs. Schlossib's fice,— net even a suit of thing someas had theyclothing,to tscape from the flames in their bedHJothea. None were insured. Fziclbb bad his effects Insured until about three weeks since, when the policy ran outand he jomitted to renew itAX AFFSAL FOR TEX nrFTBRERS.nl'»- Ac.Sc&. Challenge, Sni«l', EiiMijethportfor Boaloa, wUb-occupantsofchild accidentally set fire to a cause of the fire.wtiich was theWar Wcetera Mall «U Me BaHraa*Lbab Gzossvas, aWllBDlngton.We gladly give place to the following eommunica-ti<a. Any contributions in aid of these poor people lb tlu Editor of lie Neve-York Timelfor Cape Falmas.WIND-Duriog the day W. S. W.fresh.rastet, W. tmtname of the other family is Bi ana. They lost a littlethe father and mother with much difficulty mak- UiB tbefr escape through the flames, with their five other children. Doubtless some of your kind-heartod readers, who are beginning their New-Year in peace,man,2. Stephen Pedt,3. A. F. Goodnow,4. Garret Bergen,5.6. Jas. WUUamson,12. James Whlloek,NEW-ORLEANS, Dec. SL—Arr. ships Athens,mounung. ITlieyC.Circuit Court Calendar for this day—Nos. 22, 23, 24''No. 189 Divlsion-sfreetFIBE la tHEUHION-SQCARE POST-OFFICE-*"•24, 26, 46,47,8... „„. at5 clockye»"About noon on Monday, a fire was discovered inltheof the two-story frame building, No. 831as the Union-square Post-office.Two whe discovered the fire, gave the policemsn,on the first esU- floor,Judge Gazbisok, of the County Court, entered upon the duties of the office yesterday, and was engaged ingtoemrdeary,mofrnoimnNge.w-York, arr. at the bar BnacanaaeoBS. .-,__,part Broadway, occupiedChamber business during tlieThe City Court was opened by Judge CuLVxaandwhich was raptly consumed. The loss to them was gation $1,000,No. 633, a three-storyWm.The of the fire Is unknown. The buildings alloriginwhoseats that they might have the privilege of atteiKllngstrong expressed prosecute the erection of the new church edifice with-by theIn and bed,bed,KM -H.ered by insurance in the Astor Insurance Company. business. A determination was toAt Port-au-Prince, New-Torkin3ds.Dec.tbeAbout 10 o'clock CO Monday evening a fire was weret,9ttdey&si>flM CUr ot BrooUya, of wMdlThe stable wasand a bore so burned be shot A grocery store adjoining was damaged by fire and water $300. On Saturday even- lag a sli^t fire occurred in the liquor store of Taos. RzsAK, No. 403 Oieenwlch-street from a gas burnersetting fire to a shelf. FIREINROtrSTON-STRXXT-About 10 o'clock on Monday jrenlng a fire occurredbefore frozen over from this City to Albany. A ^iniSBkreturned seizing her sleeping chil- dren, conveyed them .both from .the burn- ing building by a rear entrance which led Into East Broadway, and gave them Into the care of a neighbor. Upon her return, within a few minutes, she attempted to eater the store to save the sum of $00 which was in the money-drawer, but was nnable;ImmediatelytoParkInstuance Company.places the river is yet now entirely stc^iped.age to the building was $1,000 frozeir together, cakeupon cake, thoigh In opea. NavigaUon is ofFIRE IN SCAIimL-STRXXT.The fire alarm at noon yesterday was caused by'.- Bonth aad Binthwesten Man. ..Ui sst for Boetas, by RaHread Htsome shavings catching fire in the carpenter's shopcomer of Scammel and Madison-street There was BltBed for U' AaaU ks maikaino material damage.FIRE IX SFRIN0-8TREET.The alarm for the Third District at 7 o'clock lastUmia."TheOrarliafiMaaskaB St. Jassth (XcltoTllla, cU Salt Lake CUf, leave St. Jaasik naa daF,ataA.IC Latten sheaU bemen's Fond and North River Insurance Companies.The stock of Mr. Laidi, on the second floor, was In- Kaagaieejured to the extent of $3,000, and it is said to have City otBaltIawn..Dee. ll..-.LlveTpoaL.for the of storageHis loss is ArabiaPistlMii J[e«-TaA .BontbamptaB. .>«w>Te(k; uninsured. Jobs lavm, manufacturer of preparedoverpcnered by the smoke, and was obliged to jumpfrom a window. In his descent, his arm was caughton a meat book in front of the butcher's shop, by griogbwaablsyowned by J. <& W. Utlsx. It stistaln^ dam- Fultonwhich it was shockingly lacerated. He was removed ages that it will take $8,000 to repair. It was fully Ocean Queen Jan. W.... Havre New-Tetkinsured In the Irving Insurance Cempany.CITY INTELLIGENCE.The Late Boiler Ezplobiox—Conclusionor TBI CozoNxx's laquisT.—The investigation rela- Bmpire City Jan. «-...New-Tork Ba.fcN.0.aHows was arrested, and Clab^ was taken to the New-:I^ker, Bosiek, SaytaaNov. 38. with trait to Cbamberlaln, BoMnsnn ft Co.whose Dec. 11, lat. 36 U^oa. 4* 60, exchanged «"For three weekspast the deceased has lodged in the house, and it is supposed that in endeavoring to reach his room while he was Intoxicated he fell down stairs,and sustained injuries which superinduced congestion of the brain, andnls death restilted from that cause. AnRoosavsLTCourtDistrict-Attorney of the United States for the Soutb- eni District of New-York.a German, 40 years of age, some anBizeia, d^ssince swallowed by mistake a quantity of corrosive sublimate, and his death resulted In consequence onGakblzheld anat No. 128 Greenwlch-stieet, where deceased resided....Tuisbat, Jaa. a,in the United States Dis-to B. B. Cromwell ft Co.3'2< Eleventh-street, died on boia the effects Steamer Westchester, Clark, Pravideaas, with..Wa. I.ai>sr, a lad IS years of age, resldmg at No. and pasaenaersHooo,ployed on the Central Park, was fatally burned at hisheavy weather.S^. MoonlUbt, Tntbm, Galveston Msmokingnited his 'bed-cloUiea.spark having1 be Corosera were notified to*"pipe bold an Intpiestig-Fortlaad* ds. 8I00P Oreiron- Rhoadcs. Providence.10. Jonathan27,A CORRRCnoS.Nsw-Tosi, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 1859.Sloop: "s. The charge that Tdomas Fakhill, who was drown- ed last Saturday, was intoxicated when he fell into;and Terminer wasMrs. Na Judge SciTBcsBAa took the oathcloady. ljlBl,opened yesterday morning. of office and his seatlaiiiBM,childrenperishedintheflames,is left peimilesswltiithree little ones, tbe oldest not tUyears old. The 1. Stephen Haynes, fore- 11. Robert Waraock,No. 224 West Twenty-fifth-street:;Pet G. Knowenboven, D. Voorhles.„. .-». Jan. 8.—The Sehr. (NlTtflb Clark, from Boston for Mobile, Is In tba BtTt also the icbr. Golden Fleece. Young, troia also the schr. Sea Witch, Long,.rtreet near Myr fMtli >n was alliekadat 12 and 14degreesbefowaam. AtCi^an^ aad at Tankers, a. Tha river Is sow almott eaiM*&poor dmakard or she would raise a foree of «r~last f« Bostoa, by Steamboat TfaaOreriant luain SaUlBnia Isavw(Wednesday) a 1 10 A. M.A mail fbr the Bmpin City, for Havana, will be B*4$Jan. 11-..City sTBaltiBOce- -Jaa. U... .New-Tofk...to H. B. Cromwell ft Co. _^Is ashore a( Curritaek assistance.;Dee. u.,Jani S....Kew-Tork roaTR]BaltlaKectbaralight....Jaa, i...-New-Tork.....AsiiBwall.T. W.TlHva,D»- via. FiUI River, masteriSatterlv. Cooper, OkarMlBa,llcCreadr, Mott ft Co.ArrlTod•Keasbiautblaga. 38*: uAf Gibraltar, tHb. laasseaaer.Brig Isabella, Baerattan, James, Port«a-Priaee I>«t» 14, with coSee, fte., to Delaileld, Wilson ft Co.tatoes to A. Bmlthert ft Co.Brig J. D.KansfieM. Mansfield. IUIIbri4g«T4s..«Hh"schr. John E. Patten,.ITav-Tark.Belle, Hlcksumf,rom ProvideBee (W;_SAVANNAH, Jan. X—The screw-steamahip Mont-Upiawaa., . _^^«,-, www.fultonhistory.com 