 \idea has been sure and gradual, and is certain^he Legislature providing b<acb. On the north side, all tbe wooden-gun-cases orc have been jriaced el i«ed<lo*etogetheron the rampart*,ir«treatment of the case, and come at once down upon the solid ground intimated in my first let- ter, that of choosing whether we will maintainI i Ij« *.teiesttheyuphold. Theapprehensionthattakingon their w a y thither, a n d of their non-surrenderprovesthattheinstitution atnofardistantday other-nj ix-groefi. Itwouldseemthatsomeof fromtbetopofthewalk}.1issue, though the compromising capacities of men"crated for convenience." Tbe Committee OUR HAKJBOR DKFENSKS.Frttn The Churl<**>*Mercury, Dee. 13.The silent energy with which work is now beingpushed forward upon tho fortifications erected for the piotectionoftbeharborofCharleston, is somethingat once new and extraordinary. To keep tho readers ofJheMercuryfullypostedinregardtoeventstranspir- ing around them, we present below an interesting ac- countofthehoactiveoperationsoftheFederalauthori- ties. . It is proper, however, that tho people of Charles-ii••.: "*TbomAtbey Jtbe vi-m gpr.t \er cupv it, sofcke •il•dustry.[ iin.-hf-r raf lord ro»<l HoiT*-«> and t A Their J. -of th'of pel • v *^»; , a n d <-fc;cl tbea fiit to^om •their leio VftllD.-.lt. aecTitioM family ft •rtnretiattseated a«. 7>."T. '.proper?;. « |if yoi "i tflMW - r|T>^ plseed rii and «k<< ISfb.;; ill ceivin^I*«.v*f,r|lance < < can-r>.* •oothe7t- Boc:r|OnnTii' iMr. K. hour, rt enrolled the Son death-(.'-a| Southern. irhts Pf;lor t;ik*«ta bbev< dof M-ven d g«rou»« leave, hal•eoroir^rrj pelWi toj from bureb?' t»en .with*xr|<bild t'n tbe j rope w-uitrv. left to ,^muT be d3 I'ti tbii jble plantpttrt. MJ.J to vicdi'-& lew> wnm not i»umd ral>bl#< aJc cent luetiiwho will] »h<f»*x!eri ar;d to ciIf odrii of it. :tV who lhvei isafell-wj that be ;»] can make en^eofhal BcSM-i).drj Fremont, thaitbe01 that FreraJlnrke'4. ASHK>- COTT-iOniit.Mi.idil Pwr..COFKKt- b«2* aio m iFLOUR FIovu c*jlj afl»rtb«nc' Wltfa It I llrA b*»t*rart«.«< in twrtltKrj J.9V" Kbi». i *4T.'/i?i*itot fii* ;r>, **j5C;..<\ • ain5« C »i* iufo.:; jDedium \.XMt bblk al4ir.,^:,.l ptrf,irfcj Ur J»>'^ hUtt,. VrtGRAIN—1 arrival*, ... > axtocjfT :-?,. quotbtioi." €OK-b«.«i :1y 0 jri; « Wv»teru. .nS«aro en \.-v th>- '.r»«i<- -r 3:;c., tuJ. i. <>^c. C'•o ©t'th<- .' • i• 92/00 bu-u. for do. •,; X HIDLS-.*fjcxtdufa- !S HA' - ;.Ti'Sj*0c. <> ;< H(.p>-rLIMK— >i, 'LumpiVOLASSJh r*. •-•; *•'•»' f? iWICttoO, "''' 1 lUTt d>:li ;>*-.•; NAV \l 3inactive u:.d wo' :••?••. v» c •fail y,h:z. -.a ^2 sa+*.'*at *I I.'trr OILS—l • ajui qnctiv;..PROMJ-K ptiren H."' i « *i<i;:: *.1«J :« ai'J if •*• i?h. 1<0 .Fo'.» it : (or rxx;'t;>*. 1<iuil txilA tiO,t fc«:'OI. » I/: .Southern »i , Ci.'r, u.o*»:i>i«s«?y; *»••• H<'c»(i» .•»:• «. »t It>'j i:-;. '"•'!Utfrh*«»r ot It) -'tlfchd*. -V» t- UettDfvi r.rt -i C«.>t*«v^r;ni- »SAJLl—"i BOtliiiJ.' \SEKDS-. tbe Biic.'"' Mile* at .-ITI-Vif t! TALLOV.:mii\.ii«ii'•Woul.-.-I la».t'*tlli •"• :>tau»l eulire!* i WHL-KV-fW IT.•«»,.JLivr >*««»<For tii<- •• t Hoes, ti '"•*sar» of-to '•'Tl>.cf"-o for the <oil-city fV-rmei pany.'i.e aud Clevel forstvi:upromise -Mr.H\jpon &• b hi** i\>lle< t Union t A*t?TEE SECESSION MOVElffiBNT, bility to begin a new career b ^ ,>pen»Ug with thePoV'cy of theNew Administration.RTERBSTIX6 FEOM SOUTHSAROIINI.it will have to u$t tnem. .POLICY O F T H E N E W ADMINISTRA TION.txom Our S j w ^ Corro-poixknt.WASHINGTON, Dec. 16, 1860.*V"1» already foreshadowed that the policy ofPi entire is no political preacher or on to v./.^Xiire fl0 many laborers. I beg to Rug- fei:»e, either from the attack of astorming p«Jiy> br bySECESSION NOT SO EASY. n•m——••THE PROSPECT.WASunforoTHy Dee. x5> 1860< siis* I w w t e " ^ * week &g£ the progressr«f emits k««f<fc*iteadily ^ward thesecessionwbkh South Carolina jumped, namely: that se-«oe coming Administration is to be that of main-, cession was practicable. The expectation of aid pastojr in Philadelphia, he is not open to the UCK j a t points that command; Fort Moultrie; that \•f several of the u>n*e touthora State*. Thegrowing probability ©f this disintegration is the and M r. Wade's speech to-morrow will not beas the French Nation went to w ar fo;- an IdeaBOwas this Oonfedcracy about to be destroyed, the neighborhood measures of offense aud defense«««** of very great, excitement and very great Alarm. Enery rumor is magnified, and every »vrnt> whether of small or of no consequence,th*ic not only a Christian ,Institution, but one Nortk, from Wellington, to the^ effect that only J Secured the highest good to the slave, and \ho ordinary work is going on "at the forts, andI8iItbe Executive Government, and being in a mi-surely b e precipitated, a n d t h e troops perhapsfor South Carolina, do not complain that her slaves ore run oil .by the Underground Railroad, Therefore, a compromise that will insure the re- turnofeveryfugitivewillnotmeethercase.tion which they feci ut this peaceful capture youmay imagine. It was a cijeap way to arm the woik en tl e souiii side is neajlV finished. The conn-1II- \\rI1I . ii :|1ITh».se who s ppose this great Federal Govern- ment is going under beneath the puny blows of toe revolutionists are doomed to a most gigautioand 'maimer of d<mandiug U-# opening of •while attending the church, where, by his pres- was relieved in the command by Major Robert Ander-- some of them long in the service—have recently the African slave-trade; and tVjctfjfore, may not ence he for to many years showed that the char- son of Kentucky.' Mai. Anderson received hi* first*The Republicans, not having yet got charge ofcumbent upon the men who are intrusted withgrave public concerns to pursue a line of policyin all trying emergencies that is the most certain and distant quarter. Does he know the actualS TLe Government will once more assert itself in to this conclusion. *work of plank has been substituted. Against the in-; a late speech of Edward McCready of Charleston: Save States, the prcft rs ti> precipitate ar.ot er .than the lierder Stntes, as regards the rnnning tide of this wooden ou'woik loose bricks have beenanaffirmativep<»liey,andcall upon thepeopletoroilyaroundit. Andwhenthisshallbedon;*inearnest,andthestarsandstripesagainfiusgconflict,onwhc;.shewillstake herwh*1«—a*oHo(elflves,'•'John.Brownraids"andtheopera-placed. BothbaMionette*arearmedwitfvasmallcar- ronade,andahowitzerpointedlaterallysoastocom> uiand the wLole intervening moat by a crow-lire. jInthehurriedexecutionoftheseextensiveimprove-* meute, abirjre force—about 170 men—are constantly engpged. Additions are daily made, to this number, aiid tie work of putting tl-e poft in ths best poeaible.••jJLmirH ^jt&'3?r£it£'•-.>•"iirtwt••to show iteteeth, but ^ is notat alllikely thatwas revolution, it would prove nota verybloodyone; and the support that has been giveH t> the that M r. #' 8*\ that. <b<5 anfwer will be known when " t h e regular approfa<-bes, Beh»w we give a rough diagram,t a i n i n g t h e U n i o n , a s i t i s , a t a l l h a z a r d s . I cannot,learn that the policy of u excision," to which I have befofe referred, is to find general favor. But, on the contrary, that the entiresecession movement is to be ignored or repressed. This is evidently the temper of the North-West,a n d c o m f o r t f r o m E n g l a n d a n d F r a n c e , a n d t h e reliance which the State has been placing on their quasi support of a Cotton confederacy, have been considerably dampened by the recent ex- pressions by.foreign journalsandiettors. Reli-j ance of thifj sort. has not been one of the leastc u e a t i o n o f p r e j u d i c e r e s u l t i n g f r o m e d i t i o n | h e a v y g i ; n « h a v e b e e n p r o c u r e d f r o m s o m e q n a r -in advance of the sentiment in that quarter. It is not proposed to make any war on the revo- lutionists, but to refuse to entertain propositions of secession from them, andto hold them totheo fsecessionu pt o thismoment. Kinge*rr«y.<poixlir>giy looms tike the land in a fog. discharge of their constitutional duties. They It becomes a matter of no little interest fc&the best interest of the slaveholder. Notonly was this tn:«'of the Institution as it existed, but it was maintained, on Scriptural and other; grounds, that the African sUve-trade, as a/fl\ i^cvv abu'me-nt,eoffittiahdblgu»<'-wpTOwh totb«gate.Indeed, as we are in a fog in regard to thofi/frure, it is natural that attempts to penetrate ' H by straining the vision should reveal shapesof every imaginable degree of hideousness. Thetworeallysignificanteventsoftheweek,1will be required to pay Federal duties at the know what, is to be the policy of the Generaports of entry, or submit to an.embargo on their Government. The whole tiling is in a nutshell,P. F«rtit>n of the moat aiittedy tmithad.K. Y. Ne*tty-eTect<;<Ihtu>\\cK&t*.A. commandingtb* irwst- Y. Fnrtittct;for jnrpotii%hot thoUto insure the public approval.I suspect, therefore, that w e shall be com-p\nii Ling treason r ^VJ 1olina. Very few of the officers I speak of are fromSouthCarolina,butfromtheotherSouth- ernStates. Theonlydifferenceamongthemis us to the time when the step shall be taken.ment as a unit. They must do it in self-defense; Charleston has for some time been running the duty of Inspector of Lights on the SouthernThe other officers are: Capt. Abner Doubleday, Capt, T.Seymour,Lieut.T.Talbot,Lieut.J.C.Davis,soon will be, if the secessionists execute their city next week. Our people have for some time''-. threats, it will show itself abundantly able to oopewithallitsdifficulties,andtakethecountry triumphantly through all its perils. The talk of civil warisidleandchildish. Tbepeopleofall tie Free States will uphold the General Govern-promisers understand View to conciliate South left the1 church, thus giving a Bilent but pointeda defense of their material interests, as woll as State on her own account, and the advantage of «4" their safety and civil rights. They are thor- having both bodies right under her eye will be ap-coast.A question has arisen in the Legislature which:rom |<S00 to $1,200. She wants them cheaper,how anony millions richer she would be every rived home less than a month siuce. Mr. R. there will be, forthe present at least, no ieenfor©i>oughly educated to the idea that no calamitythat can befall a people is so great a?! civilwar or.anarchy. They will engage in neither, bloods, who for some time have been offering toyear with negroes at one-third the price they Barnwell Ilbett had some hopes of being chosen,now command. She claims that she is as fairly no<l counted confidently on receiving the highestment of the garrison.VIGILANCE I * THE FOKT.While the working men are doing wonders on thea&d permit neither. Law and oniar will be main- take Fort Moultrie with a hundred men,' have tained, for everybody knows and feels that herein been made to open their eyes a little, as theyentitled to them as the Iron men of Pennsylvania or vote at the outset. Not only will he not be orjtride, tbe soldiers within are by no means idle.chofen, but he was next to the lowest on the Field pieces have been placed in position upon tbe the Manufacturers of New-England to claim pr«>- green within tho fort, and none of the expedients of tectivetariffduties. Putshehasnot,liketlum, firstballot. ThesuccessofMr.Pickenswillbe militaryengineeringhavebeenneglectedtomaketbeanother reverseoftbe Rhett clique. Mr,P.has positionasstrongaspossible. Itissaidthattbegreat- reason to expect to be gratified in the Union.. e*t vigilance is observed in every regulation at thi« Therefore sh,e has determined to go out. A t the heretofore been' a cooperationist in opposition to time, and that the guns are regularly shotted everyworst,Eheconvincesherself,thestrugglewillnot theprecipitationists,thoughanimmediateseees- night. Itisverycertainthatingress"isnolongeran easy matter for an outsider, and the visitor who hopss be greater, or/ the cost more, than she will be sionit-t now, because, like others, he became per to get in must make up hi*mind to approach with allsoand war. Prudently administered, with a de-termined front, with a working majority in bothbranches, it can ride any whirlwind and directany storm the secessionists can raise, with an that it might be next month, next week, or evencase that will restore confidence and impart tat- the very next night; that its postponement soher this and she will listen to you, provided bills neceseary to give secession a moment'sisfacticu to the most timid and the most waver- jog. Pursuing a firm and discreet line of con duet, showing that it is not to be trifled with,it will end all our political and financial difficul- ties without striking a blow. But, for the pres- ent, the xxmntry must endure ibe inflictions put uptn it by the revolutionists. They can makelong as he and the President desired was scarcely possible.Certain things begin to indicate that matters do not in'every respect go easy with the revolution- ists, that there are several hard spots to getover, and that already serious differences have arisen on questions of a practical character. ThusthereexistsawishtohavetheOrdinanceTIONARY MOVEMENTS. "'• CHARLESTON, S. C , Dec. 14, 1860.yet in ofiice. She is simply making hay while telvee on all sides. Thus, the Postal questionto Hog Island Channel. To the harbor ride the so-called castle preeenta a circular front. It ban nevermischief a s they have made mischief, a n d willmake it. It is bad for all, but it is wor*t for of Secession submitted to. the people—a wish that t h e m . T h e y r u s h b o l d l y u p o o t h e i r r u i n . I s h a l l w i l l p r o b a b l y b e c r u s h e d o u t . ' T h i s w i l l o n l ytion marches tu the consummation of its designs. there is no garrison at the pot-l; the only residents are ficials as the United States might employ, with one or two watchmen, who have charge of the harborj . s. j>..0081 I d^JL&d&0^;< MK ,v.i..^-;- ' . . •.' ••;•..•••'•• / '•& '•'•••:•-'•• •-• K.is..y.*.<-« wNEW YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY,/DECEMBKH 18,^5^•.., • • •;..»»South Carolina has been flattering herself with rele of war: The nation^ govtsrament may have the idea of peaceful secession; that if secessionthere for som;„ t m , 0 bmyk A g,.neral wish isv rj nntiir^jiy manifested to know what is going about 240 f«ct. It}» built wi<b client and roGnteriag-•I•.ifi«« itra' DOI ty in both brandies of Congress, are, of r e m e , powerless to do anything. They can only swi.it the development of events. That they will•dscliTgc their duty when they enter upon the administration, of affairs admits of no doubt. \\ hatever Mr. Buchanan and hisCabinet may do,•ar full to do, tbe Republicans will soon show,leyor.d a doubt, that we have a NationalGov-errment that not only deserves but is able toccnmaudrenpect. Thosenowswellingcurrentsof confusion that are sweeping aloug aud frigate u-hig the country, in many parts, out of its pro-priay, will be curbed and put under control. and perils, seems likely to tend public sentiment I will quote, however, a Bingle paragraph from reached aud is now operating on the Border •MW of Carolina will be in a worse condition rrafonry. Inconstructingtlieother,.however, aframe-•supportsCotton lias been relied on to work marvels, which are not likely to be realized, as some be- gin to suBpect..and another built up, for an Idea.- That Idea was Aiftcun Slavery, which he maintained wasare beii:g actually, prosecuted. ;I ece n telegraphic dispatch has been sentidea in various quarters has encouraged her togo to lengths she did nob originally contemplate.Meanwhile, the Administration has pursued a pol-icy that has seemed to favor the conclusion to.. fighting parson," this being the only instanceof the line of fortification?;PLAN Or FORT MOUXTIUE.that nothing extraordinary hasbeen done. Thisis wholly jiiifUie,; and could have been sent forth <-• C. CW »ol)y-p«it», now el^iptt fp uifiOthx raa*onry.trade. It is held that this policy is a safer and as it is. expounded hero. As sure as the sun .necessary consequence, was notonly justified^from speedier method of bringing the threatened dis- rin-cR, within less than ton days South Carolina lrutives of interest, but as the means of evan-r£\ e outer ai/d. iio.'er walls are of brick, caitped wrtb* to, mutters here. Co). linger has left for Wash- '>ore, and filled in with earth, making a softd waR 15 ington. If tbe Administration desires to know 4T16feet in thickness. The wotk now in progre««turbancestoaheadthan anyother, andone willhavedeclaredherselfoatoftheUnion,to are'Mr. CanaV resignation of the office of Secre- more likely to consolidate the support of all take effect immediately or at no very distantgclizi.rgAfrica,audconferringthebenefitoftheGospel on the negro here. The African slave-thetruth,hecangiveit. Idonotbelievethat•/eonristsincleaningtbe*aiidfromthewall*<sithe [fort; ditching i«.around the entire circumference, and. Col. U. would hesitate to say that a collision'">8 •rectiLgagla<it<; cloting up the postern gatesin.thetary of State, and the President's proclamation fc»raP*fclieFa*t. Mr.Cass'sresignationissaid to be because the President does not afford the needed support to Fort Moultrie io Chariest nsections and all parties than any plan of disin- day. Then'; if these forts are not surrendered, trade, as well as Slavery as it now is, was the an event liable to happen any night. Col. H^ Ig caft and wet-t wnllf, and, itstead, cutting sally-porfs, whichleadintostrongoutworksonthesouth-eastandtegration than can now be suggested. they will be attacked by a large armed force. Idea at the bottom of Nullification and Revolu- a South Carolinian, and his .State has been^ very son'hrweet an^lec, in which 12-ponnder howitser gun*While- there are those who are willing to ac- I will not speculate on the result of sueh an at- tion for which South Carolina was about to risk anxious t<» secure his services in any station he. will be placed, enabling the" garrison to uw<cp th« tack. What does the Government mean to do 7 ditch on three ride's With grape and canister. TheHarbor,butleavesittothetendermerciesofthe ceptthelogicofthatpoliticalphilosophythatever)thing. Argumentsandmotivesweremulti- snightaccept. ;, ' . north-weftangleofthefortHasab>obeenstrengthenedto, the breeze, the national heart will be touched,, shadows of the valley of humiliation, and seem- protection, and, whenever the separation comes, they that tchich secures the absolute protection and f ,TUJC venerable J . S. Petegrue, one of Carolina's f ^incRt mimes, continues to bear witness to theand the national enthusiasm respond in tonesthat will scare back faction to its dens, dissipatethe murky clouds that hang now with such a him. leaden monotony over the land, and fill the coun-try with an atmosphere of sunshine and ofmanencc of Slavery as it is, that Hues not.^g^itits expansion elsewhere, that does not rejfyare the tfc;k>ri, against the traitors who surround him. conditio fordefense, iscarriea on withalmout ineredi--. peace.Carolina. ' '-. , imeissureF, and is prepared for the worst of r«- A few days ago, Col. Gardner, who, for ycair, hadShe knows that there is policy^ iy, the times .t>T:ltt to the State and the country. Lately, held the post of Commandant, and whone courtesy and l>earing had won the friendship of all who knew bim,must Tall into »ur possession. They will be our» as ingly fast approaching the point where he must surely a» we secede; and we will seeede as surely as)r/TCHARLESTON, S. C , Dec. 13, 1860.beenmhopesthatsomethingwouldturnupto-bringtheConventionhere,butscarcelyhopedforthe Legislature. Thanks to the small-pox, if wearesavedfromgoingtoColumbia. Thiswillbeespecially lucky, since, as you must understand, T. T. Hunter, who at present is performing theCarolina, and tbe practicability of their endeav- rebuke to treason, where last it should be found, Lieut. N. J. Hall—all ofthe First Regiment Artillery.preciated.Within the last few days some of our hot-There is a tie in thehave understood the magnitude of the prepara-conservation, the political Governments of the tions that have been made, not only at Moultrie, lature—in fact, supreme. On the -contrary, italone is safety and peace. In this great work ofSumterwas maintained that the Convention was only the creature of the Legislature, which, in the act calling t h e Copvention, neglected t o provide for such a case, and that the subject was clearly within its control. The interest attaching to the'but a tattack.have befooledFloyd into league with them,able either to befool or seduce the United States officers at Fort Moultrie. As the forts are strengthened Secession h a s a chill, which proves that, had the ForU been properly garrisoned in time, and a sUrn determination to do its wholeForts O n ea n d Pinckney, for their certain—if CharlestoniansJFree States will b e in unison with t h e Federalpower. They will act in harmony, the lessersustaining the greater; and the most ma-brveleut faction, if it should exist, willfind no opportunity to gain foothold againstthese twin powers of general a n d local govern-ment, sustained as they will be by the unitedfvrees o f patriotism a n d self-interest among t h epeople. In this great and patriotic labor ofmaintaining the Federal authority, the FreeStates will be backed by an imposing portion of of Secession would not be half so large as they institutions in your city, suspected of being nof?thing is Buchanan, a n dbrought they haveSecretary n o t beenThe remark is not uncommon in our streets duty evinced by tho Administration, the proportions that T H E TRIBUNE office, and•, sundry otherport-holes. for the_ heaviest guns, and ou the sooth o r accordingly to pacify South Carolina if they can. would he not a little dashed at the prospect of land ride, in addition to opening!* for guns, loop-holedWhatever relutes to the practicability of her pc-ing out alone. In euch a case, not a few,and for musketry, stands in tlie middle of the harbor, on the" Cog© C^ the Ship channel, and is said to be bomb-noware. Toappreciatethisoneshouldbeonthebe taken by those lying near the Gulf. But spot, and see how much a part of the game— sacked by a mob before the Winter is over. whether this should be so or bo otherwise, the the very key to the arch—the possession of these The thing i« believed here, and those who dothe Northern Slave States, whatever course m a y«Forts is witb the revolutionists. I perceive that pray, I suppose remember the same in their would still be all the same. It alone has a na- Mr. Trescott is alleged to have returned to prayers. , . .overshadowing power of the Federal Governmenttional existence, it alone can control fleets and Washington, with many doubt* whether theynixuies, it alone has a common Aug and a com- will even postpone the taking of tlie Forts tillBy.the way, talking of prayers, and. that sortmon -history, it alone has a public credit, it alone Mr. Buchanan goes out of office. We41 may he United States is no longer prayed for in Southtually has, r.8 it was intended to have, the vital four daj s of the time, fixed for going out of the eneigies of sth-prcbervatioo, which she may rea- Union and taking on the forms and dignity of a sonably expect will t>e aroused against her and sejarate Government, neither the Army, thehas an efficient organization in all its depart- have such doubts, for I am entirely certain that, ajHDts, it alone can command peace and com-Carolina, t h e Episcopal prayer-book having been in the course of hia brief visit here, he w as dis- revised to embrace the forthcoming Conventionon tht Forts would be made whenever the mo- " Old Pub. Func." at Washington. Soberly,ment arrived for making that move in the game;this fact goes far to fix the temper of thepeople, and the extent .to which things are beingcarried.THE R E V . M R . PRENTIS8'8 SRRMON—REVOLU- all that can be accomplished while Buchanan is hud practical difficulties have presented them>may now be, will, in time, make itself feltSomuch do the revolutionists fear the force of the State; and so great was the favor with which itConvention will be supreme and ought to be ac-fiepublicnns. The only w ay out of our difficul- quiesced in. much to establish, and which is the hope of the Revolution, stands to-day, and that "an Adminis-eeemiugly impowible surrender on the part of theties that I can discern is to let events accelerate themselves, as fast as they will, and bring MSto the endofourjourney through a series of fresh and inevitable experiences. I see no chance for *warofanykindgrowing"outofexistingcom- plications, not even one between the sections.There are likewise differences, small at first, world, that a large number of our most influeu- tration not h:dl in league with her, would apply but now really serious, growing out of the Army ial citizens united in a request to M r. P . to al- the Jaeksoniau doctrine to her, Nothing does Bhe bill in the Legislature, both as relates to the low the discourse to be published. Though this fear so much, nothing on earth will " give her manner of appointing tlie officers and the pay, request was not granted, Mr. Prentiss consented "peace" half so effectually, as the knowledgerations,&c. In whatever waythebillfinally opronouncethediscourseontheensuingSun-thattheWebstcriunexpositionoftliepowersof the Constitution aud the duties of the Govern- mentunder it,togetherwiththepracticalideaspasses, there will be a dissatisfied party. The day evening, when another large and delighted Their relative strength is so totally unequal that impression gains ground that revolutions gener- representative audience listened to it. Subse-strengthened with more men, how"7known that the purpose existed, and that troopstroops might *have been prudently landed here, suddenly and mysteriously turn them to anotherinclined plane, is to expose an attacking party to the fiieof tbe gum, which are so'placed as to sweep it from the crest'of tl e counterscarp to the edge of theGovernment does not know that its policy, if4,Charleston—not yet, but soon.to be, the array-^ofThe only naval • officer in these parts is Capt.but,wherenow,inSouth Carolina,itismost Cotton 7V?,-d Rvc-e—m«inly Cotton—are South ran pant.Assistant Surgeon S. W . Crawford of the Medical Staff.promises to give trouble.St. Matthew's Parish on Convention delegate. The Legislature is asltod to order a new election. It is contended that the Legislature has nothing to dc with the matter; that it belongs wholly to the Convention, as a body higher than the legistquestion extends beyond the particular thingtial Empire.. -that called it it*? difficulties.u p .Surely, revolutiondoes haveGeorgiafinallyproven o tpreparedFOKT 5t;MPTER,•entirely sound on the Slavery question,' will beIf it wereit.'g tl.or. guarded frov. iho mob. Tlie satisfac-the bate uxd 15 feet deep. The nature of the soil would not t-ecm to odri it of this deptb bein// increased, qnickyand having been reached in many ph^ces. Thebeetmint in South CarolinainfluentialIt should lie.'remarkedsouth, orwater ride, of about :*00feet, and a depth of originsonoil rides/and I*adI'lrably adapted ford£~revtlttti<*ub«t*. If Mr. Cass regards this as com- views the general question from the higher stand- Leave this handful of men and officers here to plied, and eloquently and forcibly put. Not only . The United States Arsenal and its ^0,000 stand by a bafitionctte, to wetain the weight of a heavy gunplieitt with treason, he does not differ from other point of abstract reasoning, they hesitate to ven-fight it out, and perhaps fall a sacrifice ? Or which will command themainstreetoftheisland. The has the Iden, but the arguments and motives of arms, and a vast quantity of ^^m^unitibn, are muni entrance has abo been better secured, and a trap--di»th.guishcd men, and thus has a most substan- ture from old and well-triod paths when it comes are the Forts to be surrendered when demanded? been accepted, as I have already shown, by the put in the possession of the Revolutionists, into dcor two feet square cut in the door for ingresa and If so, how are the revenue laws to be enforced egref-s. At thin tin e, the bight of the wall from thotialreasonforhiswithdrawal..AstoMr.Bu-toapracticaltreatmentofthesubject.ThisisihCharlestonHarbor? IftheFortsarctobemanner'inwhichthediscoursewasreceive3,vriiOH-inaidsMr..SecretaryFloyd.surrenderedbottomoftheditchtothetopoftheparapetis20eluimn g proclamation, I apprehend the general tratimerit will be that it is a vesy poor offering at a crisis like the present. I t is a virtual abdi- cation of his functions, taken in connection wifh IUKnon-action.Hesays,substantially,thathe cannot manage affairs, and so turns them over to1fovdeire.*but natural, and the commonest of h»man expe-riences in managing both private and public af-fairs. The wb-e philosopher and the practical were on their way hither, the tragedy wouldadministrator possess diverse qualities, seldomunitedinthesameindividual.Andwhenpublic arriveonlyintime,tofindthegunsturnedaction depends for its efficiency upon popular against them. What has M r, Secretary Floyd They do not present any long list of grievancessupport,asinourday,itbecomesevenmorein- beendoing? Hecertainlydid,atatimewhenstate of things here ? Is it possible that the the Union;' that the uarch of the Ante Slaveryri he bill LOW b ^cpelled to drop by general consent all speculative policy it have—trifles with gravest matters, and to triumph; she accepts the doctrine of the ir- a Navy for S^utj, Carolina, is urged on the apparently for the purrcse. of securing it against an14 repreBsible conflict," from which there is no gr.t»und that, jifter seeefision, the «' long line of eircakde, but pof-riblv as a ncreen for a battery of greatly encourages the milliners 7 \ eavy guns. A good" nsiipy men are engaged in clear-Touching the intention of the armed men of escape, except by withdrawing from tho Union; " coast"ol. goutli Carolina will be open to"the ing iLe'n-mpaits of turf and earth, forthe porposeoftinctly and authoritatively assured that the attack and the rising Revolution, in the place of tho '.whoever else undertakes its destruetiou—tell her Navy, the Postal, nor any other of the numerousdestroy the Government which she contributed so Webster of the Constitution, that Secession isitseemsoutof.thequestion.Especiallydoesit allyareexpensiveaffairs,andthatthisisnot quentlyitwasrepeatedbeforetlieLegislature, ofJackson,aretobetakenfortheguidebytho tonshouldknowthaitlieKxecutiyeoftheSuiteisfully grievances,wbetherfanciedovroid—torobachurchorappearsowhenwereflect upontheoverwhelmi- likelytoproveanexception. PeoplecCallsorts in.the CapitolatColumbia, andagaininoneof n g advantages the loyal States will have over are not as jolly as they were, and many begin to the Churches in that city.Administration in dealing with her. and all othera hen-roost if they can do so with impunity during tho cognizantofallthatisgoingoniurelationtotheseforts, rulingexcitementofthehour. Wearereluctantlyhulliners. •.Let these.be among the "conditionstbe revolutionista in the w ay of government, think it may prove a serious business in various This sermon, which in reality forms an im- " precedent" and you have the oar of South Car- Until bite in the past Summer the defences of Foil yet recorded—which occurred iu the adjoining p;u'L*b:organization, credit, nationality, Geet^ and respects. It would be a.great reliqf if Buchanan portant feature in the drama of nullification,armies, and everything that goes to make up could be kept in office, at all- events the W ar now revolution, while it was able, bold, vigorous,nationalpower.Thelatterwillinevitablysub DepartmentkeptunderthecontrolofMr.Se-andfreightedwithargumentinfavoroftheMoultrie,Sumter,andPinckney.Agooddealofbyariuj^leleap,andtheemptygunswereHutteredtoline of tbe Opoloiuas Railroad, a short distance iVoru UoutUi Station. Mrs. Kehoo WJI« formerly the wife of. JI Mr. Cunningham, a well-known levee 'contractor, whodiedin,webelieve,1&&. Shehasboonaresident of the FuriKh of 8t. Charles nome thirteen years, and •H well kiwwu to eveiy raqtcvtable pbuiter £u liuit pat'^^MUVAVW4M ^ v »»—•• ——•— - vside into a peaceable people, from a positive ina- j cretary rloyd.emiseinbehalfofwhich it wasprepared,w7asjjifceoutinbanulcwjmajestym>onthenoblebay.A fortnight has worked a marvelous change.informeda n dmostpublicecnfei•-'-•'•or from a want of intercourse with the, differentsections of the country,,. The disci uree ejvaed with the declaration, thanter'-or other, with which formidable operationsv.fll be prohccutcd against the fort; but I Cantrace there rumors to.no reliable source. There is no doubt, however, that at the forts and inofPersonalLibertylaws,andcomplaintsofthatwlicbiskeptfirmlyin'placebytheadditionof»Oc-..,i ^ ^ i••,••.^v-.-v••.' 0 $ m ^ •'go lorce of laborers employed at the .nno time in perfect accoH with the ! count of the lar,FOUT MOnTTlUE^Js an enclosed wa»er bafery, having a fronton tbethe pulpit, j '-NMnr rrtsri of Charleston" go down to attack He is recognized a* one of the ablest and most J Fort; Mm*rie.vhen.he. has introduced politics intolearned rreachers in the.Epis opal denominationSouth. Educated at Yale, and for some time a ' the CbiiTlestonians are secretly planting batterieHreason to hope fir the permanence of Slavery in the 'fiUlifi.crs 1 Is t)i v r e a n'•..enemy," *,rd that it. will be the easiest thing ptittii g.down a very ugly-looking arrangement, which coirifcts ofptiiis of plank 4 inches wide, Ij inches inthew /T]<j j-or«>..vjjdeposedpersons" toland, tli-k,ar.d6or8fc^;tloner, sharpenedatthejxunt,and ist, or let them go to destruction with every in- tingency of it being known that more troops arc of events lending to the election of M r. Liacqlu, commit 4 d<*predsitionf, and carry off "property," ruiiltd down, so as to project about 'i feet hoiizxinttdlythat Slavery is her everything, and that the march the Government and the Union as they now ex- South Carolina—to attack the forts in the con- of public sentiment, as shown in the progressany less distinct course will lead to divisions when demanded, I might add evidence, if any must yield, and finally disappear. Rather tlmn "'<• fxrpt and inevitable results of cutting loose have above alluded, is the hat-te in which one of themeverywhere,' and a<*d to existing uncertainties wait for this «•conflict" to reach her, as it .has fr ./jut the Union begin to be foreseen. The coast has IHen built. The one completed is formed of solidw e r e needed beside what I have already given;MeantimethePresident goesoninhissham-blingcourse,whileexpressionsofreprobation'ofhiseonductfillallcircles. Heisdeepinthe inpart."Tbeywereplacedthereonoursoil;forour outofit.Aocompromiseoradjustmentshort.,•,("willatoncehavedepots"allalongshore.""Idonotcounselanyprecipitateaction;nordoI fear anytiling from' the forts—they are ours, not inere'yconflictwiththeUnion,in thohope of ge&tihjrt;oi.*ef.tLe Underground Railroad generally, whichthe sim will lise to-morrow."There have been, and still are, several officers African slave-trade, will be' satisfactory^ tl0 South JJe baB.no faith in the practicability of their ble vigor.cry for the rocks and the mountains to cover J. s. P .FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.TROVBLE IN GETTING OX—THE FOKTS T O B E A T - TACKED.From O w Own Correspondent.compared views, and that one and all are pre- at all times, and in all places^ be "'as bw.ld t<» aotnr of the. statesman was complete'only when commission asBrevet 2d Lieut. 2d Artillery, July 1, To-day w e are nattering ourselves with the pared to resign, and, unless some hidden hand lbiib, wa« acting Inspector-General in thcBbick Hawkrmake that dentand. Neverthe'/^H, you rony reJy religion gave it grace mid solidity, the servicas wai-, and received tbe rai<k of Brevet Captain Auguut, disappointment. This Government is an engine pronpeet that the 8iuafl-pox will drive tbe Legis- 1 changes tho entire face of things, trill do it; and for a certainty, thatr tbis is titee Idea at the bot- were purged (by nullification) of the usual prayer, 1^^, for bid eucceesful conduct iu tbe Flonda war.most, if n o t all, will take commisaions in the army On September 8, 1847, he was made Brevet-Major for tomofNullification,and$hesoonerthefact forthePresidentoftheUnitedStates,thestern- hisgallantandmeritoriousconductinthebattleofMo-of the army here, and I am able to state it as a fact that a number of them—gentlemen dis- tinguished and honored in their profession, andTHK GARRISON.ofcommandingpower;andw&«snitBlegislative latureawayfromColumbia,andthattheCon- oodexecutivebranchesareinharmony,astheyventionandLegislaturewillbothmeetinthisofthenewConfederacy,orthearmyofSouthCar-comestobeunderstoodv thesoonerwillcom-bearledoldpatriotrosefromhisseat,andlinodelRey.Rume«*rl>aye for severaldays been current thatfor no better reason than to excuse the treason.abl« policy of the Administration with reference <"'•„Tpvrder ruu^cziite./and its repetition called for. They who speak thern nearly n month ago^ ucder pretense of hav- feet. The ditch is from 12 to 15 feet Wide atState. . Is it not a little, remarkable, that notteiscarp i« fubetanti-illv built, with plank, a n d spreadwithtuif.Thegla<i-'isjilsofinished.Itiscomposed. only the quota of anus of, "South Carolina, but of of t-and, and covered with h'ir> of loam and turf, All ofgoiitC.fcaTfsort. The ground that South Carolina stands on ti war juncture have 'Aeen. stored in this city, crotring each ether at right jingles—making nqnares ofdozenis, that she is o nvinced that there is no-longer ai'd that all should h ^ve fallen into the hands of 10 feet each. Tl e purpose of tbe glacis, which is anet-her'"^ates,ors.Carolina'sstaple*. Sluve labor istheonly,kind Befoiethisreachesyou,theHon.F.W.Pick-that can be employed, as she believes. Field ens will have been chosen Governor by the 'Leg- companitB of Artillery. The companies, however, are negroesareworth,orwere,twomonthsago, islature, Mr.P.,foreseeingtheattitudeofhis notftUl,thetwocompriring,asweareinformed,onlyState, resigned hie post as Minister to Russia to about seventy men.'including tbe band. A short time ago, two additional <x>mj>anics were expected, but tbey and more of thein. She readily convinces herself take a part in the present movement, and ar-' have not come; and it IH now positively stated thatsuad< d that the other Cotton States were Slavery idea, which ehe feels is bound to march pared to cooperate in precipitation.the caution, ceremony aud circumlocution with which the allies are advancing upen the capital of the Celes-subjected to if she remains in till tlie Anc;-pre-forward,arrivesa th e rdoor3.L e t yourrightCommissioners come here, and they will be t-ildUB much. Knowirg this, let them be prepared and declare for negotiation first, South Carolina the north, eiujt and wet*t sides with a double row ofenterprise, South Carolina will listen to. You perhaps M r. Pickens among them, would return may possibly. convince her that she will not be to their old cooperation ground; though they allowed to break up this government, plunge would not be able to take South Carolina with thirty odd millions of people into ruin for the them in their backward movement.sake of the real or supposed interest of three The Legislature make little progress in matur-hundred thousand and that interest such as I iig the measures before them so necessary to of thing, reminds me that the President of the have shown it to be; that this government ac- secemon. Though here we are within three orproof. I t is a t presont without any regular garrison. There in a large force of worknH?u^-some one ntmdred and fifty in all—burily employed in mounting the guns and otherwise putting tbis great strategic point in order. The armament of For$ Sumpter consists of 140 guns, many of them being the formidable ten-&cb 14 Columbiads," which throw either shot or shell, and which have a fearful range. Only a few of the**) a r e yet in •position, and the work of mounting pieces of this calibre in tlie casemate« is necessarily a slow o n e . There is also a large amount of artillery stores, con- rifting of about 40,000 pounds of powder, and a pro- portionate quantity of riiot and shell. The workmen engaged beix; sleep in the fort everv night, owing t o the want of any regular communication with the city. The whftrf or lauding is onthe uouth side, and is.of course exposed to u crosa tiro from all the ooeiiiiira onwhat you say is backed by aetual demonstration.practical existence, has been passed. So far that ride. opeuaogsonShouldjoin in the precipitation, and should she hesitateIt is precisely on this account that South Caro- from it, new difficulties have arisen at every CASTLE riNCKNEYlina is ruthiug ahead to tho accomplishment of i-tage of their discussion. Factions have arisen, is located on the ^uthern extremity of a narrow slip of marsh land, which extends in a northerly directioutlie sun hhii;«s. She well knows tliat Secession is proves to have unconquerable difficulties, and been considered oO much consequence as a fortrees, although its proximity to the city would give it im- Neat in importance to the pamphlets put forth Revolution, and that she need not expect that the. prospect now is, that after all, Uncle i>ortance, If properly armed and garrisoned. Fromthe Federal Government, with any other m an in halfofsecession,isthediscourseoftheRev. theworldbatMr.BuchananforPresident,willSam will have to be called on to carry the mailsnasty observation, wo find that'there are about fifteen gun»mountedontheparapet;themajorityofthem are eighteen and twenty-four noundere. Some " Co-by " T h e 1860 Association," in this city, in.be-tolerate Revolution, or allow its inherent, self? their last meeting, had under discussion a prop- lumbiads" are, however, w'khin the walls. There Thesermonwasoriginallypreachedonthedaypreservingenergiestoslumberwhile-Revolu-ositiontodothemarlbusinesstbroughsuchof- areal»osuppliesofpowder,ah^tandshell.AtpresentW . O . Prentiss, Rector of S t. Peter's Church.appointed by Gov. Gist for tasting and prayer,i n v i e w o f t h e s t e p S o u t h C a r o l i n a w a s a b o u t t o ** B e w a r e : t h e i d e s o f l M a t c h " i s t o h e r n o t l e d i s t i n c t u n d e r s t a n d i n g , h o w e v e r , " t h a t t h etake. It was listened to by a large congregation lees."•prophetic than' it was to the Roman. 44 connection of the State was severed, aud,South Carolina has read and remembers M r. " thtrcwith, tlie allegiance of these officials in44^et the discipline tbey seem so much to need.Inrespecttocompromisingthequestionsat demandforsubmission,thattheyarealroady wasreceivedasanexpositionofthedoctrinosin questionofrecession,aswellastheproclamation 44asthoagentsofa foreigiGovernmenttol-l i g h t . S o m e t h i r t y o r f o r t y d a y l a b o r e r s a r e e m p l o y e d repairing the cisterns, and putting the place generally in order. • ,This concludes our nketch of the present as]>ectof afl'uijs at the three fort*, which were meant to be, aud which should always remain, at once the pride and the safeguardofourcity.AN INFAMOUS OUTRAGE ON AX IRISH F AMIL Y .FrontThf.V.O.TrueDtlta, De<.IXTlie readers of T V True Delta are aware that a gang of irresponsible and worthless fellows, a short tame ago. got up a bogus Vigilance Committee in thia city, with no otbor.objeet in view than levying bbtck nuul on timid and refljjoctable citizens, and. all undertheguiseofSouthernrights, Southern patriotism,<Sto. Some of the country parishes—locations where stnuid- tbinkingpeoplewoukiexpecttobefreefromthedebris of ruffianism that always afflicts large cities—have their ruffians,too,whoarereadytotakeadvantageofany excitement, political or religious, to revenge privaWnot criticize their conduct. They have chosen their o w n ways, a n d will pursue them till, theystrengthen a minority,, which, hswov'or, weak itof the representative minds of Charleston andthetaking measures to forestall it by spreading ar- behalf of which she was about to sever herself of Jackson touching its practical treatment. Shearc unfathomable, I see no prospect, except by a guments before the people whythe action ofthe from the Union, and, if possible, break it upand remembers that thereceived,interpretation by Mr. weie unable to fix*on anything, iind gave•up.Webster's exposition-'of the Constitution on theno mpect due the United States, but merelyolina.Moultrie have lcnmined in an'unfinished condition; the of St. Charles a few days. ugo.sand of the beach, piled up by the wind against the Au Irish family, Mr. and Mrs. Ketioe, live uvar tbeActivefeelinghas.been manifested in the cityonac- Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069south walls, hud rendered them easily accessible almostoperationscontinuea tall ofth efortfc—•firSouthCarolina.ThePostalCommittee,atshouldy law for defining anda tthis p a r -tioxe of plank nailed to uprights sunk in tho i«and, andP e A noticeable fact in th e bastionettes to.which w et oand that their honor and defence ia wife in his keeping. compelled to notice a ease in point—the most infamousCapt.J.G-FoBterandLieut.G.W.Snyderofthe Engineer corps.Tbe force, under these gentlement consist of twoa work of solid masonry, octagonal in form, pierced on *i 'mtmtaOHt*•*+••**•****.*»B4 H^«Mmnnnmwww.fultonhistory.com/ 