 1• teat thousand men on board his steamers, and can aeJy on the neutrality of the.Boyal navy (which, ap- fears resolved not to fight against Italians), then heregards Lincoln, and themselves to go for him strong.mulated capital, machinery, and skid of the world, it was prostrated and cru*h«d. Must of you who hear me were too young to remember the sad change which took place. Atk your fa hers, and they can tell you how foreign products flawed in upon TIB—how our young factories were closed—the fire* in our,forges extinguished—the price of grain re- duced—while people, from the desalted factory and loige,flocked.10tieWest to furtherproduceandde- pieoiatethe price of the raw material. How;, as imports increased, specie was exported, money became s/arce, interett high, until, fioaUy, oar laboring people were without em^loymedt, our banks in a state of sua pei s'on, onr Government bankrupt. This deplorable siate of things led to Ike passage ot the tariff of 1824—a ktw not unlike that which the Republicans oj theus all her best products; while the gold of California shall furnifch an undoubted circulating medium, adu- qua'e to the wants of an increasing, expanding, audthere waa an actual decline in the demand from oar cuatomera, ! the manufacturers, till, in 1842 it, rea;ne<l tbe extreme hoiU of depletion, *o that In this and the succeeding year WQhad acaroei***> .5$-.§&iratemization takes y l a ^ ^ekctrify the dullest < M H W i f ^ ^ ? S ^ | W ! 'precipitate flwmisel?^^ *&#M or-wmM&&&;ference. But what was Wschsgrm when, by due \ ployed laborers who assembled in Nsw-Tork and other ».uraT implewsntfl were tested—those of France. Ow- course of Bteamer, he received a reply oovertog the Eftftern dttiea, from day to day, to devise tbe means by many, and Englssd with our own. And the result wa» Parisian upholsterer -s bill for the full: amount of 5,000 ' which, without obeh pauperism, their wives.aad Jitti* announced by the distinguished nobleman who preeM«4 franc?,wiuitheinformationthattheinvoicewasbata .ones'mightbe fait In Philadelphia, tbeydidnotask overtherepastthatfolh)wed «h«trialofskill,award-4*am*Bi,«8 mm::\3.t^iAs.m>mi imM^m- W&!B$S&&$WL**v* *^'&ARJBALDTS— - MOVSMSNT8.•- I"•* •»*••owoets of five brigades of regular infantry, of four battalions each, together with battalions, of ten battalions of Cacciatori dell' Etna; of two bat-ure ,of protection dues industry need ? i?he Republi-he world, and the white sails of our cotn.uier.tt shalhadow every Bea. Have these prophecies been ful filled, men of St. Louis7 [No.) Am you prosperousproducts gone up ? [Cries of " No.") If this be BOwith you. how must it be be with the rest of the co.au-try ? I love my native State of Pennsylvania wita allaction /obowed, the etiect* of wbich were lelt ail ovor the country." kirat, a class of manufacturer* waa created; theae con»nmed coal ax d inon, er«ating a demaud for theae primary article*; ihoir. existence m the Lut»iv»r requirod capital to develop them. Hall* road*, with thrit attendant m*ohinery, became neceaaary; ooal« mine* were to be opened; steam-engine* for pumping ami wlnoV mg were requited. Thi* kept, for a time, our shop* in active operation ; and tbe con»t*nt employmentor labor, and clrouutloa of m .ney, produced general prvspority." Tbe di«cov«-ry oi tne mean* to produce iron by tbe use of anthracite coal, cr*at*d another cbvu of cuatomeia. Tb«»e re-i*Ji^&*i*#*+t\ *MK*>$wmiM*v&/u^M*******^**^**^?*^"?*^*-''.... 'r.$*. •LOUDON, Angus* 8, I860; *er« Wtnwt the French and. Sardinian papers, to Wilmington as adjuncts of a great ori'or-a)SPEECH OF THE HON. WILuIAffl B. EELLEY fraudule»'t.device, by.which he had been oiade pa*ty for alms; buttheydid implore the capitalists to advance ing to our genius the palm, saying that fowsefortbtoafraudupontherevenueofhiscountry)andaninjury'the.n-eansbywhichthemachineshopand-theforge "ihemindofAmericamustreapthefieldsofEaj. to i»sicdoBtry. • '• 7 • v : might give employment, fojgetting that capital could «i"l!* A t that time evert sea was whitened by «h# This ad valorem system, ignored and abandoned by ' not lor g continue to manufacture goods for whichthere «au> of our dipper ships, and our transatlantic stoana-every other civilized nation, has given the importing was no demand.; and that the American market had e7» rivaled the best of the world. The Shipping Q*ltrade of America almost exclusively tof r*ign houses been given over by our Government to the foreign ad- zttte.oi Liverpool, admonished, implored, conjured tha 1andtheiragents,andannihilatedtheraceof American iverEariesofourindustryandprosperity., Jvf^An,icf Eo#*'d to«opyonrmodels,telfingtbeatjDej<*hante. There are many kinds of silk aad other But let us return to 1841. The terrible depression of S»^?"! r i ?, n clippers were carrying goods from CAtt-rmbj« nty ot not 1«es thun'50,000. To miugle with ihe of our country. V • i ",,. : thing our Government could do: it could modify the ^ l ^ S f J n ^ ^ h ^ to have bSuup Smr TounderstandthemovementaoftheNeapolitans, flogged others,andwould have lickedtheentirei freem*nofMissouriintheircontestforFreeLaborand Butagain:.;a.writerinyourSt.Louu Ropublicqn |tariffbyabandoningfcbead valorem system,andes- commercehasblamedit. Theship-bundersoftheAM* »n*rt be kept in mind that there are two opposing ?ait> had they not quickly taken to their heels, the rights of man, is a pri^ge to whwh I have long of tbe 29th inst., attempts lo defend.ittr. Barret's vote Itablishingspecific duties, with a free trade list ot rawua*^*mrrrenta at work in their army : the moder- his whole Wlde-Awake idea ;is a most important by publishing the fact that in 1859 we imported but material*. This it d»d, and gave the country the Btesmers M U M W to Europe, and our cnpper>sbips> ate Liberal partTp officially in power, and repre- one for a city like ours, where cheating at the polls looked forward. The opponents of toe Admmwtra- $17,449,740 worth of iron and its manufactures. He tariff of 1842. Now, mark the change ! In 1840, we have been sold to foreiKo merchants. WhUe^maS-has been carried on so" shamelessly. They will' tion in Pennsylvania agree with=you thatfree and well gives, from tbe report of the Secretary of the Treasury, produced 220,000 tuns of iron, and under tbe inflaenceMatedbytheMinistry,andtheAbsolutistcamarilla, hereafterconstituteanarmyofvigilantsineach1 requitedlaboristheonlytruebatisforaprosperous atablesettingforththeamountofeacharticleim ofthattariff,whichwentintoeffectaboutteefirstof withtbefarmer? Underthetariff«f'42<rra5awasfa*towbich.moatofthechiefsofthearmyareat-precinct,andmakeitadangerous^businesstooffer-;State.Whenthepeoplehavenotsteadyemploymentported,ofallkindsofsawsbut$26,404worth\WhyJanuary,lb43,whproduced,in1847^760,000tansof demandandpriwssteady;but,*.yourprice-current, tached. The orders of the Ministry are counter-, citizei s of. St. Louis, thoso figures purporting to repre • hor. Under the inflaenoe.ef the Free Trade ad valorem for the last day of the last jear tells me,there was no actedbythesecretordersoftheCourtandbythe lbrged naturalization papers. Symptoms of the and adequate wagee, the State aad social interests sentallkitds ofsaws,fail to rspredcnt one-thirdthe, tariffof1833,from1834to1842, our iron productin- foreigndemandforgrainin1850. FreeTrad*aeauon«oldgamearealready observableinthe1stDistrict. imustsuffer. Weagreewithyouindeploringtheveto amountofaninglebrandofsawsSported ina single creasedbut20,000tuns,while,asIhave already said, itsworkthoroughlyagain,andgivenus'57aad (SOto> nrtrigues of the generals. Hence conflicting move- • The number of laborer* in the Navy-Yard is increas- I of the Homestead bill; the loss of the Pacific Railroad[ year, tiat of Speai and Jackson's. Tnere is not a car- under ib» specific dutits of the tariff of 1842, between femind ue ot the woee«f 18^57 and 1840. Tbe Ohio •ttnftandconflictingreports. To-daywehear ing,andwillcontinuetoenlargeuntiltheeilection; ; penter,cabinet-maker,orotherwhomessaws,who thatyearand1848itverynearlyotuadrapl?d. Andin LifoandTrustCompany,ibePennsylvaniaBank,and ttat all royal troops are to leave Sicily, to-morrow is over. That passed, there will be no more old' bill; the rejection, of the claims of Kansas for admis- will not readily believe the truth of this assertion, the tame brief period the American consumption of other such corpora ion*, failed in 1857; the beaks o fganization*fortheeonmoncause. Lastweek 5fce*cria» in Son*hem Italy is at hand. If we 800 oif the^e iuib^^^^^^^^^ifi^^^^^!1,66$ «atibaJdian« have landed on the coast ofjubilee. Though not frighting^ the town from itsOF PHILADELPHIA.Ddlivered i t the EepoMIean Me*t1n; hel« at St. LOUIB,,MO.,Cambria andGaribatti iahourlyexpected. Bat propriety,yettheymadeahugesensation* While*W*B H lb38 new* he premature, there oau be no parading the streets, the BrecMnridgers threwJuly30,1860.r»3MMBNOFMISSOURI:Igreetyouinthenameof good*whichan.AntricaacannotbuyinEurope,the thecountrycouldnolongerbeborne. Buthow-was SSili^V^i**4V*TM>*r*te«,andTAoiericawasdis-«le«»tthatGaribaldiwillhavetransferredtheseat*rfwart»theItalianmainlandbeforethemiddleof workof this hostile demonstration, lefttheranks" ;the freemen of Pennsyrvabia,\and pledgethat State York,sothatnomanmaybeabletoknownowheavily God7 Couldmanhaveavertedor remedy calamitieswe find them preparing a fresh base of operations atMelazzo. Thitstateofthingsisinherenttoall jsalf-and-half revolut ons ; the year 1848 furnishes SBsawpIes of rt all over Europe. -ships to overhaul, no chips to pick up, no timber to' sion into the Union, whereby an hundred thousand Apd if among you there is a man who doubts it, let cotton by her manufactories was largely more than the country sut-peoded spene payments—etay lawnsshiltfromoneplacetoanother^nomoreTom Flo- freemenwouldhave hadtbeirjoetrightssecured,and bim drop into the magnificent store of Messrs douhJed. Theconditionotthecountry-wasnolonger werepatsed—pe<pie,coun'ies,towns,andStateswererences in Congress. William Montgomery has lost^ another'star have added its lus.er;to the flag of our Child, Bratt & Co., and learn of them how that of 1837and 1840. Our people were blessed above bankn./pi.and< ur Government,whichfour yearsagohad! many times $26,495 worth of Speer &, Jackson s saws all others, the admiration and envy of the world. an average surntUM of f'20,000,000. has incurred a debthis nomination for the same body, the Kepublicans. country. With you, we abhor the present Adminis- came into this country ih 1859, and how many thorn- The mine again gave forth its. wealth of coal and of nearly $80,000,000. A&d>et Mr. Blair's competitorgive up the outer forts of the town on condition of gle point of difference with him, and that is on mat being molested in the citadeL This citadel being politics."rather vague ; where are you—for Breckinridge, or article was whoLy excluded, wbilt) home compsti*ion they are driven irom our market, and you boy atlower ment*, save alkali, of which it was made, lay thickly Douglas, tor Douglas and Bell, or Breckinridge and wrought its natural effect, and gave to the consumer of rates better articles tnan England ever gave ypa of the Brewn around by Nature's hand. But. under our ad- glass a cheaper and better arti ile. Uader the iafiience kind. Under that Tariff, nads wereprotec ed, and Vou vaiortm tariff, as if to benefit the foreign producer, alkaliisheavilytaxed. Tnus1mightgiveyouawide* range of artcles, showing that our present system die-•usable to hold more than a few thousand men, will never b e a serious obstacle t o a n y offensive opera- fiOBsef Garibaldi, and he therefore did quite right ia sparing the town of a bombardment, which would* ifctvitably have followed any attack. As it is this series of capitulations at Palermo, Melazzo, and Mes- sina, must do more to destroy the confidence of the loyal troops in themselves and in their chief*, than twice as many victories. It has become a matter of swarse that the Neapolitans always capitulate beforefiaribaldi.From: this moment i t became, possible for the BSfflBaa Dictator to think of landing on the continent. Hissteamnavydoes'notasvetappeartobesuffici- ently large to warrant him in attempting a landing farther north, somewhere within six or eight Marches from Naples, say in the Bay of Policastro.' H e , therefore, seems to have decided on crossing •fee Straits where they are narrowest, that is, on theextremenorth-easternpointoftheisland,north •f Messina. On this point he is said to have can-44 Yes, Sir, the Douglas papers accuse him of be- ing an AbYrfitionist, and I was anxious to have it confirmedorcontradictedbyonewhoseopportuni- ties of knowing are so good as yours."44 Sir," rejoined the other with great vehemence, 441willdoAbrahamLincolnjustice;itisad- dlie1" -The whole company smiled at this outspoken hon-esty of a man who confessed himself a political op- ponent, for by this time a number of persons had gathered round, and were listening with great in- terest to the conversation. The Bell man con- tinued: - •>•44Doyouconsider,fromyour knowledgeofMr. Lincoln, that he is qualified to fill the office of President?"Bell,or'General-Fusion?" "Well,"saidhe.''the ofourprestntadvaloremtariff,thesceneisagiinbuythemnow.of.Americanmake, betterthan the English article, and at not much more than one- halfwhatthey usedtocobtyou. Soofedgetools, surgical instiuments, and almost every iron article thatstonesandhootedatthem,buttheymadeshort on t h e instant, collared 'the disturbers, shook some,[ njenufactonrsreferringthemtothersgeniain.New- ittoberemedied1Wasnotthissufferingtheactof wcrS. m fteomferd*l»apr«macyofthe- forLinsoln,Hamlin,andthee*aseofFroeLubor,byft theydefraudourGovernmentandimpairtheindustry sowidespreadanddire1 Letussee;therewasone Ai!^b^[!*?ow4?6,<mr •tamers andeHpper-shipetSpringfield." : ;• whether to assume the official collar, inscribed "Breck- 44 Yes, Sir, two of us, the other is from Egypt." inridge," or the motley poli',ic*l costume of the little 44 Permit me to inquire if you know Abraham joi er. [Applause.] Let me illns'jate. I was a Jack-tem. • •. - . Under the protecting mfiaence of the tariff of 1842,the western portion of New-Jersey, with a soil lighthad better pay a little more for the things you boogut, if steady employment and good wages were guaranteed to you, than know the fact; that such articles as you need are cheap, but be unable to buy them be ;ause youportance of retaining them for whi e freemen; and the knave would dare to doubt it. If Lincoln is not fit disunion dogmas of Calhoun and Yancey, wbici havepidity of our foreign rivals ? And might not a lawy er, and even a Member of Congress, understand this 1 .prosperous, and enable them to go on in an advancing career of protperity and political power. .agricultural implement*. But suppose you had it: the> demand tor such things has fallen oh", audit would fail tor the want of a market for its products. Let ma give you the suggestions of experience on the subject^ asl take them fr. m the letter of I. P. Moms & Co., of that aty to tbe Board of Trade of Philadelphia, ia answertointerrogatoriespropoundedbythatBoard.'' Among the <r«*t ua&uufacturtog interest* of thU oounfery, our particular branch baa been raxber of a, aecoudary «o«r4cter, uitiulj oVpnrdfog for ita aacceaa on the pro«penty ot otber"Qualified, Sir?—why, none,but a fool or ato be President, this Government may get ready to shut up shop."41been accepted as the creed of ihe bogus Democracy, but your own speakers and diBtiognistied strangers nave made y e n familiar with these topics. I mayBut let us look at this question historically. Thoughthe view be general and necessarily cursory, it m i ythrowafloodtflightuponthesabject. Atthebreak- a,nd snail more fully showyou,everyinterest ofjheter, is in a curious fix. It is dangerous for him toopen his'mouth* and so he keeps it shut. If he speakat all, lie is sure to drive off at least one wmg^of talionsefCacciatoridelleAlpi,theeliteofhisthe.party.Meantime,ourcandidate,Curtin,isnomicaladminittia-ionofits-affairs..Andthisweask, army, Of one foreign (now Italian) battalion under stumping the State wita an energy and, abilxy that not for the benefit of capital, bat to protect t i e laborer CoL Dunne, an Englishman; of one battalion of makes converts at every turn. H e has gone thor- in his right to wajjes. The elder Napoleon said «nginoers; one regioaeot and a squadron of cavalry; oughly over thirty counties already, lu the coal there was forme ly "one kind of property—(No, to.) Is labor plenty, and waices ui*hI Is money plenty, and is interest l\»w 7 l^>.) Bus iacd increased in value, and the p ice of l'-rmBad four battalions of field artillery; in all 34 bat- and iron counties^he talked up the Tariff with atalions, four squadrons, and 32 guns, equal to some26,000 men in all, of whom, rather more than one- is one of the best popular speakers we h*ve, exceed- ^defense , :'ef the Government." Yes, there are naif are North. Italians, the rest Italians. The ingly popular personally, and works like a beaver. ^two kmdB of property; one, that which consists ofp»ny had tin li iuat blowing macnfue bail. in JCngland The oon- toral valleys, I never comae or croee her noble rivers, atruction. of theae ma«hinea na* *lnce formed one of the malaor contemplate her agricultural or mineral wealth, that stippoita for our machine shops.1 do not feel prender that I am her am. Yet, mea of *Our niotnt to piovide sucb machinery soon equaled and kepi Missouri, when I look upon the map of my country, or pace with the demaud; no one now think* of going acroaa thewhole, nearly, of this force might be used for the in-vasion of Naples, as the new formations now beingorganized will; soon suffice to observe the citadel ofHessina, and protect Palermo and the other towns of which calved oa the voyage, nine mares a year from insult. Still, this force looks very small when old, and two Leicester rams. The mares are said compared with what the Neapolitan Governmentdisposes of on paper.regiments, each of two battalions, or together 44 The. Government has commenced proceedingslands, boasts, s^ock,machinery, & c , is ever the object of the tare of Government, though always belonging to the few. The other, the wealth of tnews, sinewsmember says he contd not nndentand. Under the in- fluence of the tariff of 1824, our people slowly rose from their prostration. As the amount of imports de- creased, so diminished the flow of specie from the country; workshops were again occupied; tho spindle and tbe loom began to move; the anvil seat forth itsAtlantic lor machinery.'• Our own ajud •imflar establishment* are placed at this timeon what i* apparently a permanent tmai*, having a capacity lac any reaeonabJe requirement* or' the country.* W e Lave knowtado, w e have experieuce, w e have oapacione ahopa, •» *) h- ve tool*, caplttl judiciously luveated, and ev«ry an«The Neapolitan, army consists of three regiments«f the guard, fifteen ditto of the line, four foreign The cows have gone into JSew-Jensey.wateis of the Chesapeake, Delaware, and one of thenoble tributaries of the majeBtic river that lavee yourduringthelasttwoyears,ithasbeenraisedtothefall war complement; third battalions o f regiments A curious kind of flare-up is developing itself mBut,pardonme;itmaybethatIoughtnottodis- cuts this question here, for I see that one of vour dis- tinguished ckiztns, the late sitting member of Congress,Jertheverywhere. Thesergeantsandcorporals,es- according to contract. .Dr. McUhesney, anoldminority of the army.Thusitisalmostcertainthat,ifGaribaldilands crats,andhavetheirroomrentaidotherexpenseswith a force sufficient to obtain a few successes on paid by the same party; ••.•••heinsertsintheinvoice. Thisleadstofrauduponthefile continent, no concentration • of Neapolitan masses will be able to oppose him with any chance f success; and we may next expect to hear thatA bottle was picked up at Cape Henlopen on Wednesday last, and brought to the Exchange here, containing a slip torn from the margin of a news-bu^from S*0 to 50 per cent of tneir value, accomp*nying the larger part of the imports of the country. The truth pi this assertion will be attested by every Ameri- canmerchantonourseaboard. Letm«illustrate:the demand for it, and consequently the rate of inter- est, to increase. Under this influx of foreign goods, and this high rate of interest, one branch ot iudaetry afteranotherBuccumbed,untiltheworkshop,themine, the factory the forge and the furnace, were teuautiess.potato rot, and the discovery of California gold,. amountitg inthe aggiemte to three or four hundred thousandeiscontinuinghistriumphalcareer,with15,000 paper,oilwhichthesewordswerewritten:lookatourconditionin1851. Eoglandinthatyear tin.e,thegeatacuuinlation*ofpropertycouldnolougerbe invited the industry and genius of the world to exhibit made which enable a few of the most w««Jthy capitalist* to owr- their best prcducis in honorable competition. The men whelm all foreign cowpetlrknn lu ttmea of great doprewlom and of America entered cheerfully into the con est. Thuy thus .to ch ar the way fox the wh.<le trade to step in when pricesmen against tenfold odds, from the ScyHa to Naples.An American gentleman traveliog in Europe determ-" Th« tteamtr Pacific; the waiktug-beam fell and stove a hole nes to purchase for himself a stoJKof wines, and. go- the loom and the spindle stood still. UnemployedFROM~ "WOE CANVASH—ABAR-ROOM DIALOGUE—ATTEMPTin lex bottom; we are tiakLug T. (ox F..> B. DA VIEd." Theslipcontains onlyhalf awordof the print- ing, so that the newbpaper cannot be identified.ng to one of the great hoasee, asks for their list. A laborers and broken businees men flocked to the caid is placed in his hands, on which he finds the names' West, and a system of land speculation, such as of their various wines, the age of their vintdge, and our country had never, seen, was thus inaugurated.carried to the Crystal Palace hot works of high art— the offspring of old national existence—or such cosily jewelsasaeckthe.nyalorimperialbrow;butthey filled their apartment with machinery,and the products of the industry ane genias of a young people. <kud, though Punch craeks.d many a joke at their expense, and even tbe dignihed Tines sueered at the spdcinieus •—speaking of them as thing* peculiar to America—- being of the half-hoise, haifalngaior and snapping-ievive,andtocanyonagreatbuslneaabeforeforeignoapitaloaa again accumuhtte to»uch «n extent »s to be able to e"tabn*fa a coniuetith n- m price* with any' chance of •bcces* Tne h»rge capiUle ot the country are the (treat lu*trumenU of warfare (b*he exprekaibn may be aUow»d) against the competiuV capital* of loieUu conntiies; and are the moat essential instruments now emhiulug by wbich oar manufacturing supremacy can be main- tained ; the other elements—vheap labor, abundance of raw ma- erials, wean* of communication, and skilled Ubor—belug rapid-PHILADELPHIA. •i.ThebottleappearstobeofEnglishmake,andwas theprice,asitmaybe,perdozenorgallon. Alltni* Thepriceofg<*»in,alreadylow,wasstillmurede-markedT.<feB. The Pacific sailed from Liver- isverycleartobim,except;theprice,unaherehefinds pressed; while laborers gathered inthousandsinour 4twith a furor of enthusiasm unknown before soearly in the campaign. The drill, moreover, is so shall not stagnate this year.complete,theWide-Awakes,theContinentals,and'you will have almcst no duty to pay." fr.m 1837 to 1841? ICries of "No; no.'J O, if Again, 1 mention a^fact to which I am permitted to there be, under the broad heavens, a sadder B'ght than refer: A gentleman WTOte to his friend m Paris to all others, it is that of a brawny man, willing andthem off in swarms into all the neighboring over in New-Jersey, down even into Dela- and Maryland, to take part in and add to theactive duty. He preached his last sermon in Haworth ceived his good*.,,. Wondering that his friend did '^t>t 1857, the noonday Hsun and the midnight stars looked ions to know the result, inquires who is aheadVaudirets S i in A ^ r p S r u . tmde its way where it oaa (ii i ai*s*aisliiii riTTTT. r-power that made an immense impression. Curtinlaud; bat there" his grown up another—industry.They are alike entitled to the protection aad House passed last session, but whicn your then sitting1 have no doubt he will have his reward.of the world, and ask myself whether there is upm the whole earth a S<ate, kingdom, or empire that iu the far future shall equal her, I find but om>—you* own^beloved Missouri.There was an arrival here last week of valuable English blooded stock—fifteen Alderney cows, fiveand muscles; the ski 1 of, good right hands, and the j cheering ring; the fire again glowed in the furnace andsweat ef manly brows—belongs to the millions; and is the forge; commerce, between the'North, the South, their tble property. [Applause.] And why shouldto have cost from 500 to 700 guineas each, and were imported for gentlemen residing in Kentucky. This importation was much admired by connoweurs.not Government defend it from foreign assault, as it the Eafct, and West, again sprang up. And in 1828 aThere Btands Pennsylvania, proud of her position, J))IMJ(0 lor a vl<orou»buslne»a.resting as »he does upon the great lakes, the navu/able " Witb all tbeve we Snd our buiinoa* depressed to a degree un-battalions; of 33 battalions of chasseurs; of nine against Blood's Dispatch, asking that it may be re- the laboring classes—the men of mauual toil 7 Tnere- regiments of cavalry, and two of artillery—in all 57 strained from distributing letters or packages. The fore, mechanics and working men of St. Loois, in battalions, and 45 squadj one, on the peace-footing. Treasury must stand desperately in need of money mging you to support a revision of the tariff, I plead Inclusive of the 9,000 gens d'armes,who also are or- to undertake this hunt after pennies. It was the with yon in behaii of that property which is the sole ganized on a perfectly military footing, this army, dollar that used to be almighty, but under Buchan- dt-pendence of the wives of your bosoms and the •a. the peace-footing, counts 90,000 men. But, an's rule the penny has once more become an insti- children of your loins.on the highway of the w o Id's iuture trade. A s Penn- sylvania is underlaid with coal, iron, and zinc, your land teems with coal, iron, and lead, and the river that bounds your, city carries to the gulf the waters of titty odd thoutacu mih-B of water-course and power, more than twenty!-thousand miies of whhh have been sub-ham Lincoln, and by the vote of Francis B . Buur [ap-plause), to be commercially muted by the highway ofatt*e retui n for the capital lo vested; there can, therefore, for tbe preaent, be HtCU further demand for new machinery. It wo«14 seem a» if, at the present time, the means of produo:ion were equal to the consumption.'*The r« a>on thut this demand has fallen off is. tbat in deB*roymg all other interests we have destroyea that of •gricnlmre also. The farmers of the dietent North- Went raise grain; the planters of the distant South* W«t>truisecotton;theminersofCaliforniadggold. Wi»conitlu and Minnesota ship their gram to JdUtnche»- ter; Ttaafi and Arkansas thip their co ton to Manches-tution.^ sdustry of the coumry, by enlarging, the free list, by adding to it those articles which enter into our manu- factures, or those which, under the innhence of its pro- tection, we had acquired the skill and the machinery to manufacture so quickly and cheaply that they no longer needed defense against the assaults of foreign competi-iave been organized, the depot squadrons have New-Jersey among the Bell men. Belore their late the present competitor of one gallant and genwo is been put to active service, the gacrison troops have Convention met. at Trenton, the managers had Blair, has said ihat a " lawyer cannot undtfretand tho been completed; and this army now consists, on a resolution printed and shown privately to subject," *nd I am a lawyer; that ,4 you ought to letpaper, of above 150,000 men.. the Breckinridgeis, authorizing the former to sell no politician make speeches about the tariff," and in sothe future commerce ol the world, the Pacific Uailroad. ter; the miners of C&liiornit ship their gold to Mun- But to what ute do you put your vast resources ? Of ches er to pay the men we have fed tor converting ourwhat avail is your iron mountain 1 It is true that yoa coiton into tabrics that we may wear! [A.pplaase.] eaporta few tuns of it to Ckninuati annually, tube Why send onr gram, and cotton, and gold to Manches- wrought into edged OOOIB, lor notoiug else, I OcLeve, t*r T lb there no man iu Missouri to build a loom andBut what an army fe this J Externally fine to out the party to the latter. In the hubbub' of the far ae taking a becoming interest in the affairs of my lookatfaramartinet,thereisnolife,nospirit,no proceedings,thenoiseandconfusion,"thisresolution country, I amapolitician. Batif, notwithstandingtion. No; his aim was to overthrow th* system, andthen,asnow,hisfollowexethreateneddisunionandse- but to brag about it. [Laughter.] And well nakeaspindle? [A voice, "Yee."J Widnotthepatriotism, no fidelity in i t It has no national was offered and declared to be passed. But it was military traditions. When Neapolitans fought as done 8o eneakingly that many delegates never heard such, they were always defeated. Only in the wake a word of it. They were not in the secret, but are •f Aapoleonweretheyeverassociatedwithvictory. nowbeginning to smellitout. An.agreementwaslit is not a National army. It is a purely Hoyal made to keep the Electoral ticket out of the papers, atony. Itwasraisedandorganizedfortheexpress sothattherank'andfilecouldnottellwhennorhis suggestion, you wLl peroiit me to make it my theme, 1 will discuss it, and make some of you understand something about it, though he did vote against its revision, because, as a lawyer, he4< couldn't understand the subject, aod knew nothing about it."Itakeit, if you wiU agree with me, that in raisiag and regulating its revenue, our Government should fix the duaea upon various kinds of imported goods, and not refer the question to foreign Governments or their people,asthepresenttariffp>%cticaHydoes. Yet,plain as this proposition is, the distinguished gentlemaa to whom 1 have referred voted against the bdl, whichcession If their demands were not complied with. Gen. Jackson setthd that question. [Applause.] • But the North, yielding as she has always done, accepted what was termed a compromise—the ad valorem system was t ie principle of the Tariff of 1&J3.Now, mark tbe condition of the country when that bill became a law. The National Treasury was over- flowing; money was" plenty and interest low—for the annualimportof specieexceededitsexports. Wages were high; labor diversified—-for many new depart- ments had been added to the business of the coan-ry. The farmer and planter found good prioes for theirmay you boast of it, for it is JNatu-e's unequaled rkiil and energy that promised, undfr the iufiaenco of gift to your city and her SOUB. And. in the wide wo» Id ihe Tariff of 42, to make us the iir*t commercial andthere is not acivy toat ehould grow more rapidly, or bo ninnufa«:tur)i g people in the World, en*ole ue now, to> more prosperous, than St. Louis, or render her labor- Hj.in yarn and vie*ve cloth enough to'cover our-uaked-and exclusive purpose of keeping down the people. And even for that it appears unfit; there are plenty ef anti-royalist elements in it, and they now breakhow it w*s changed. The only Bell paper in the State has never published it J But a few days be- fore the election it w,ll come put, altered and purgeding population more prosperous and happy, would suebut aBsert her right to avail herself of the wealth withwhich heaven has endowea her. But jour city is notnow prosperous; your iron works sUnd idle, or furnishbut httle emp.oyment; money among the people isscarce, wagcB low, interest high, aud thousands ofyour people unemployed. Why does not free trade,if the assertions of its Si iends be. true, work out itsnets 7 Why ie this ? Our proa ration is a qneeion of political power; and I now arraign the 8ootnern oU- garihy (wbich has governed our c untry through ita. contro of the Democratic par--y, led on by ita CcLioounr*- aiid YaiicevB), tor dehberate conspiracy with foreign pov«ei810 deniroy tne value of the fiee labor ot Amer- ica, in < rder to prevent the increase of pouiioal p >wer in the Nor h. Let me read you an extract from the re-pecially, are liberals almost to a man. Whole Fillmore Whig, has written declining to serve, but proposed to so amend our law as to fix these dutiesbeneficent results in your midst ? Under the tariff of port to the Bri ish Parliament of the Commisaiouer ap- 1842, stagnation, such as you now endure, was un- pointed uxder the provifions of the Act of 5th and 6tlxregiments shout "Viva GarQbaldi!" No army ever the Bell managers^refuse to have his letter pub- specifically. Can thishot be made clear to all minds '/ products, for the consumers were well paid and con-Vutoria, chapter 99, presented to both Houses of Par- ln.me» t. by command of her Majes y . iu 1854:"1 believe tbat the laboring classes generally, in toe maan/ac- tuiii.R dls »kis of this couutiy. and especially in the iron and The farmer found ready markets and gooo prices— coal ai* ric'-s, meverj little aware of toe exveat to which theycommerce sprang up—we built steamers and oil per a e oi Un indebted for b% ing employed at all to the lmmeoae \o*m- ships, and seemed to be realizing, under a protective e» wbitb their «n>ployera Vvluntaiy incur in bad times, in order tariff, those blessings woicn thefreetradeso tod-atioyloteigncon.petition,andtogainandkeeppoaaeasioaBmderwent such disgrace as this one did from Cala- lished. T i e fact is, this whole Jxrsey mystery is Our prestnt tariff is on'the ad valorem principle; thatprimary and important fact to be settled by the manu-facturer or men hant, and taxes upon them the valuekno wn; all interests prospered. I have alrealy saown andwehadaraceofAmericanmerchants. But,loI youhowrapidlytheproductofhonaudtheconsimp-tafimitoPalermo;andiftheforeigntroopsand notunderstoodbytherankandfile.Astothesome Neapolitans fought well at Melazzo, it is not to managers, it is to be noted that taey are the verybe forgotten that these picked men form but a small same men who nav, gated the Fillmore split in '56, Which that value can be ascertained. It leaves thisthe change wrought by the ad valorem system. 1 now appeal to your memories, for there are many here who remember 1837. Under this new experiment of the ad valorem system, there was a rapid increase in the importationofforeigngoods,accompaniedby,arapidtaon of cotton by American manufactories incretujed.and that all ihe Bell Clubs are officered by Demo-crowded, and money begins to harden a little. W ecans of Pennsylvania say that itnneds jast so much •protection as may be incidentally afforded bytne GTJV- eruBtett. in raiting revenue e ough for a closely ecro-now ? No.)builds forts and arsenals, and maintains standiogarmies andnavies, a i d diplomatic corps, for the derensa of accumulated capital. All legislation, says true Doaaoc- racy, should cefid to promote the greatest good of the greattstnumbtr; ana are not these, in our eoaatry,further increase of the tarift was made. This ehange was, in my judgment, unwise, for it gave designing men a pretext for.strikiog a deadly blow at our indus- try. Still, it had the effect of stimulating home indus- try, increasing the wages of labor, diversifying the in- dustry of the country, and adding to its general pros- perity. But it whs not adjusted to the revenue system of the country, and produced a surplus in the Treasury.Now it was that the South, under the lead of JohnC. Calhoun, commenced its war upon the free labor ofthe country. Availing himself et the pretext of thesurplus in tbe Treasury, he tonght not to revise or im-provethe'Tariff,ortoadaptittotherevenuesoria- distant,are,1truBt,undertheadmioiatrationofAora-exampled nu-c 1'43 aod '42, when the demaud waa at the «J*» trerue point of oepre*«lon."1hequestionarise*..whyi«this1 Theonly »n*wer wecan find i* th« total waul of activity in the buainea* of our customer*,is,itnamescertainratesofdutiestobepaidapon.the value of the article imported, bat provides no means by• .,'having-dropped him for an out-and-out man of their tration and its new and odious dogmas; it has corrupt- uands of dollars' worth that immense house alone .im- iron, sturdy labor' faehioned us raw material into, telle you be voted agains', the Morrill bi 1because be & '-While the ministry offered to evacuate the island, o\«n»!ort. Thaddeus Stevens is again taken up,;, ed our ballot-boxea as it did yours—rdeprmng QUT ported into this city. Or let him put the s-ime ques- machinery and articles of daily use. The proddctive/ a lawyer, and cannot undrrs and the subject of the tar*Bases,whoseemstobetikeonly-resoluteman andJohnCovodehasconsentedtorunagainasa: peopleoftbeirconstitutionalrights,asitrobbtd.younaosgtheparcelofoldwomenbearingNeapolitan peacemaker between contendingaspirants. Thusgenerals'epaulettes, quietjyattemptedtoturnthe theHouse,whileundergoingpurgationofitsunruly ofyourjustRepresentativeinCongress..Berth-eastern comer of the island into a strong- and doughfaced Members, will retain those sturdy I willnot ttll you what Abraham Lincoln's majority subject, permit me to say, in passing, that if tbe c;ea- the planter and the farmer were clotboi with the heatHin uniton with the laborers of America, and who* hold from which tine reconquest of the island might men who have never yet battledfor anything but. in our State will be. Jsx 1828 we gave Andrew Jack, rlcman who prepared that' article be a citizen of St. products Of American indastry, and their labors light- wiil no prostraie thf m at the feet of a foreign poareryor a despotic oligarchy ITni* incidental Protection w e Republicans of Penn-sylvani*brievetobetbepathwaytoFreeTrade.Wa would, therefore, enlarge ae rapidly as possible tlie iiee list; let it admit tea, coffea, and otber articles which w e cannot produce, but upon whicn duties ara laid, und«r an ad valorem eyseoi. tree of duty. I a this f'ee list wo won d also put all raiv materials not produced in the eonotry, bot which enter into our man- ufactures. This is the policy of Prance, Engkad, Belgium, ard Germany. Whatever they cannot pro- duce, 'hut enters into their manufactures, is welcomed;ree of duty. 7Tins. Eiigland admite our grain, because cheap foodone accuse him of it here 1 I have lived in the Jesse, where are you now?" Oh," said he,* I joyed a measure of prosperity of which he had not ployed. A little while ago we used clumsy English coal and iron used were the products of other coo- Messisa, where the Neapolitan general consented to same town with him for years, and have but a sin- am with tie Democracy! " 4< But, my friend, that's areamed. In many departments of trade the foreign KcrewF, but, under , the influence of the tariff of 184'^, t-umere of American grain. The sand, and otber ele-ae attempted, and for this purpose marched to Me • lassowithapickedforceofthebestmentobehad i s Hessina. Here h e fell m with Medici's brigade «§Gaxibaldians. Hedidnot,however, venture anyseriousattackonthem,untilGaribaldihimselfthe right. . v -_ ThreegentlemenfromIllinois werestoppingata principal hotel last week, two of them from Spring-son 50,0C0 majority. Sfavce then, when a party has wifchedtopromisegTeatthings,ithaseaidwewillgive youan old-fashioned'Jacksonmajority; butthatphraseened and profits increased by the ingenious implementsinvented and constructed by their countrymen. Four shortyearshadconvertedthedespairofmiihonsinto gladness and joy; and over the whole land grateful field. AtthesamehotelwereseveralBellmenfrom issoontopassfromuse,;andbesucceededby"we seaboard,isunderlaidwithironandcoal,untilherein heartsgaveibankstoGodthat"thefi««shadfallentotheinteriorofthisStates Thetwopartiesencoun- willgiveyousuchamajorityaswegavefarAoraham Mistouri,nearyourownSt.Louis,itstandsoutin theminpleasantplaces." But,workingmenofSutered each other in the bar-room after dinner^ and mountainous proportions, of the richest and purest ore Louis, the demagogues will tell you th-»t these duties had been sent for and brought some reinforcements. the Bell men learning whence the others came, Lincoln, the honest and true man of Illinois." In the eye of man has ever seen, imported from foreign are laid on for the protection of the manufacturer; andscraped acquaintance with them after this fashion: Pennsylvania we have no party to fight; the Demo- lands, in a single year, $107,702 worth of old iron and that they add, in so far, to the price of everything you 441 understand that you are from Illinois—-from crats are unable to asaort themselves.; they know not scrap iron. But let me return to the ad > valorem sys- buy; Now, if this were so, I would maintain that youHere the insurgent chief, in his turn, attacked theroj ak> and, after an obstinate fight of above twelveaesoa* duration, defeated them completely. H i eforces engaged on either side were about equal, butthe position hehi by the Neapolitans was very strong.However,neitherpositionsnormencouldwithstand Lincoln1? IsheanAbolitionistV\Ike dash of the insurgents, who drove the Neapoli- 441 will answer you, but I wish you to understandtans right through the town into the citadeL. Mere that w e are both Democrats, and intend to vote fonothing remained to them but to capitulate, and Douglas. W e have known Abraham Lincoln fo Dtmocraic Senator of our State. He rallied me upon employment there, swelled the population of these every Tariff has been that the result of a just defeo.se spoken; it was, 'with the exception of one ingredieoiy- €kribaldi allowed them to embark, but without twenty years. H e is not an Abolitionist, never was having abandoned the party, and I replied by asking, tewns, and the farmer, finding a market at his door for of American genius, energy and industry, has been to wholly an American product. The laborers who made* arm*. After this victory, he marched at once to one, and I don't believe he ever will be. Does any 44 <4 4 the fruits and vegetables his land would produce, en- cheapen the price of articles upon which th«y are em- it conttumed the product of he American farm. The'tiontothosegenuine specimensof.Americanenergy Eo'werofthecountryincreasedwitharapidityuu-andenterprise,Messrs Crook& Frost,sawmanufac- noWn. TheNo;thwasconeuming,with increasingtnrtrs,ofyourowncity. (Thoughitbeapartfrommy volume,thdproductsoftheSomthandWest,while sndsppiecnt'esom*ofitslessons!amanwhoseheartLouis, I wonder that he didn't rather trample uader foot than spread before thepeopk, through the coldmns ofaleadingnewspaper, iheofficial evidencethata people whose land, beginning 5Vi|SfNcw-Jersey at theand sandy, became the seat ofprosperous and remuner-sonboyandca*tmyfirstvoteforMartinVanBureo. atingbusmess—glass-making. Thepoorandhitherto havenowork,andofcoursenowages. Bitsuchisisfereentialtocheaplabor, lakeasanillustrationthe> nmiter of indigo; competiog nations admit it free, but we tax it almost as heavily *s manufactured goods. Take tt, aj^in, in the matter cf gias<s, of wnicU 1 haveI worshipped glorious old Tom Benton in all his moods; unemployed people fjmud constant employment; glass- houses were erected, and around them clustered.popu-. and a few days ago I met an old friend—a farmer Ions villages. The mechanic and the artisan, findingnot the fact; protection leads to competition; com- petition leads to ihe exerci*e of ingenuity, trdined akdl and economy in production; and our experience umiertruth is, it tak*s a dog with a pretty strong nose to scenttheDemocratictracfe,butIthinkIamgettingchanged.\ The fires no longer light tbe glass-works; theworkmenthatgatheredaboutthemarescattered. With the destruction of the trade that called them intocriminates,atleastrelativelywithothernations,not for, bot against our home industry.Under tne last thirteen j ears of free-trade, the pro- duction of American iron, in which you and we are eo deeply interested, bus not increased; it is not greater now. than it was in 1846, if it ia great. Then tbe rail- road couHomption of iron was very slight—now that consumption isimmeoee; but it does aot increase the)on to it;" And while they are thus eeeking the Dem- existence, the villages are almost de»erted. The farmer enters into architectural or budding usea. So with, theocratic track, we are orga&iziog, diseeminatii.gthe doc- uments, prepaiingto detect the thousands of fraudulent naturalization.papers issued in 1856, and to maintain the puiity of the ballot-box, as you are doing here.again oompetes with those in Ohio and the Great West, in the price of his grain in the markets of the . world, while the banished laborers wh se trade has been de- ttroytd are thrown upon the West to try their hind at farming; to strive with you, working men, in thearticleB of ladies' wear; while the people of their Bis- ter States are;prosperous, able to consume what they need, and pay for what they consaoie. Pennsylvania, New Jersey and the manufacturing States of New- Englaid, will bef found abundantly able to competeAnd, in the name of Pennsylvania, I ask you to vindi- race for employment, at a time when industry is as witu the cheapest countries in tne world in produuiug total product. Had the tariff of 1842 been maintained, cate your and our outraged honor, by retarning Prank prostrate here as there. The duty on plate gliosis those fabrics for the production ef which the uiacbiuory the demand for iron would have grown, and 8t.' Liouia Blair to Congreee. [Shouts of " We will," and other nominally 15 per cent; yet BOfraudulen ly is it invoiced and skill already exist. They may not be able to make would to-day have been producing half a million tuns,'responses of determination.]that it pays to our Government not 3 per cent duty. Is /progress ana embrace new branches of indastry, but, and this city been growing faster tnau any of her sistec it not clear, workiog men of St. Louis, that our Gov- tbaTks to tbe beneficent inflaence of the Protective citi<*s. 1 see it suggested in aomc of your city papers ernment'should, as 1 have eaid, specify what the dades Tariffs of 1828 and 1842, they atk but the prosperity of that what St. Louis needs is thet establishment of aI should like to discuss the Homestead question; thePacificRailroad;thestatusoftheTerritories;theim- shallbe,andnotsubmitthemtotheconscienceorcu- theirfellowHntizensandsisterStatestomakethem manufactoryforthegeneralassortmentoffirst-olase'There is one other question I am anxious therefore, say in briefj that the freemen of Pennsylva- ing out of the war of 1812, aud the general war in country prospered. Never was change made under toput. Who,inyouropinion,willIllinoisvote nialovetheUnionasyoudo,thattheyacceptandare Europe,wewerewithoutmanufactories. Batander moreauspic.onscircnmBtanoeb;andifthereisvirtuein. prepared to maintain the Constitution as it was framedfor T" the influence of these wars, with thtir emlargo laws,ad vaiortm free trade, then ougnt the career of ouraentrated about 1,000 vessels, very likely most of^H 44 Sir, I told you honestly that w e were aU for by Washington, F.aoklin, and their great compeers; order in or uncil, the Berlin and Milan decrees, we werethem fishing and coasting felucas, such as are com- Bton on those coasts, and if the landing of the 1,500 men under Seoceo be confirmed, they will form his advanced guard. The point ia not the most favor- able for a mareh on Naples, as it is the part of the mainland furthest away from the Capital; but if his steam navy cannot transport something like 10,000 men at once, hecannot select any other, and then he fens at least this advantage, that the Calabrians willadministered by Washington, s dams, Jefferson, Aiadi- Douglas, and I answer you with equal honesty that son and Monroe, and construed by Jay/, Ebeworch andcountry from 1846 to 1860, to be one of unexampledforced to be our own prooucers. Factories, forges and growth and prosperity, for in 1846 the potat > rot cre- braiicne* ol ltduatry. to which we may be *«dd to ha,ve luruUhe4Illinois will go for Lincoln.'*Here the Egyptian added: " And even what youRepublicans can Bgypt I fear has become inocu- lated in the same way."Marshall, and pass to the discussion of a subject in v»hich the itter^sts of Missouri and Pennsylvania are identical—*hat of the tariff.furnaces were built—mines were opened—the Soata ated an extraordinary demand for the products of our foundhercottoncouldbematufacturedintheNorth— fields,andadded enormouslytothe wealthandpowerthe West found consu<nerB of her produce in ihe grow- ing, towns of tbe East. Industry, in every part of the land, found quick demand; with increasing rates of wages, money became abundant, interest was low, theThe Bell men bowed and withdrew. I heard.the [Here the torchlight procession of the Lincoln andcatechist freely express his gratification at the sat- isfactory character of the conversation, in which his friends concurred, avowing their determinationof the country by forced iaimigration. Shortly afterthis, too, California began to yield her golden treaa-ui es. Now begin*, said the free trader, the great eraof American piocperity and progress. Oar .trade isfree and unshackled. The fields of Ireland make no neulbei men nor tooln to do tbe work, and the demand for opera-Philadelphia.] grew, were not withdrawn, aud Government furnish- at «Bce join him. If, however, he can cram some to go home and set their friends right there as Will yen, amid your enthusiasm bear with me while u>g no defence to our infant industry against the accu-plant perii-h. England and Europe'suffer with then, CJO«» tke Atlantic to till the reouirementa of our ahopa.and Ain'riia must feed the world. Our grain aad our " 1 be unpxvpared atate of the country *acce«*foJIy to ma»a-(aj-ture, created Uie ne«e>*ity of a moakneadon of th^ Tanlf of ' coUon shall make the world tribatary to- u», and give ; 1x28. The cnange then maae produoea etfooU so ditt'ereot tht*I discuss the dry question or a tariff? I shall ask no boon or gratury for Pennsylvania or the manufactur- ing States. When their sisters are prosperous they not only can take care of themselves, but are reaiy to lead he van. My plea s all be for Missouri and the agriculturalStates,towhomthetariffwouldcome with quickening it finance, and the blessings that fol-The force at present at the disposal of Garibaldi sticking out at every turn*. Their candidate, Fos- low well-dire<t#a and busy industry. And wnat meas-Therelias been a spasmodic meeting m one of the Wards, attended by both wiogs of the Democracy, himselfgowiththemainbodytotheBayofPoli- tounite*onsomething,saytheGovernorandlocal sastro, or even,to that of Salerno. officers. But it was a dull gathering, suspicionmay still land a few men in Calabria as a feint, andan oider for new work in our shop*, la 1844, there wi»* mora prosperous,people. Oursshallbeth«moneycenterof actl%ity,andorder*forworkcxiueapouua;amomhealthythe *inew« of ttreBgth.*'Ihed<niaidforiLtotire power priorto 1*80,waji, comparedto thj.t of rerent iiuie, a v«»y^uiRlJ mafer. Th« maoninerr thea coDKiructt d * u radt-, and tlie pow«r required very ninttea. A*» for inataur«, a <frj1/IR, printlnc, and bleaching eatabliiilujaeat oa Broad atxert, near K^ce, w u driven by two oxen, which we re- placed by a »lx-hor»e engine. Tbe ttritfot 1828 gave ae oxtoaordi* fcary attatolua to njauutucturing lnduatry. Attaattinae we htd.ground, and all gave three cheers lor Judge Kelly, of people prosperous. But in 1816 the wars were clossd.The necessiti* a out of which this happy state of' things return for the labors of her peasants. The seeds they tive* waa ao great tbat numbers of foreigner* were UadttflaHi toHamlm clubs, the Wide-A wakes, etc.','arrived on thestantly employed. Our commerce was then thriving,revenue and the people, false invoices, rating good at shipment of our specie; money began to grow scarce; falsely and delusively promised us. Ovno.{ to the • l' lorelgu a>uikeiK. Auth mic iutUnce* are well known of em- ployers having in sucb time* carried on tbeir work at ah**A T FTJ8XON—BLOODED CATTLE—A FLARE-UP pool January 23, 1856, was spoken next day by the two4<columns, widely differing. My dear S'lr," says cities, the warehouses of the East were gorged withm tfEW-JKRBEY—MARINE H 6 A X . B m O s x O w a Comwpo&deut.PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 21, i860. This city is rapidly becoming a political hive, mad without drones at that. In «pke of the sultryTonawanda of this port, since which no tidings he, do you mean to say that you have thase wines of Western flour, for which there was no demand uutil the same vintage and age, with such difference in price? the workingmen of New-York, ascribing their Buffer- ha^e been heard of her. No such name as'this., Pray, what is the difference in quality ?" Wnen the ji ings to speculations in land and food, broke into and Davies appears on her passenger list, so that the shrewd foreigner, unde»standing our revenue laws • "sacked the flour stoie of the city. There was not a getter-up of this bottle is believed to have perpe- rather better than your late bitting .member, says to Solvent corporation in the country. Our banks sus-trated a meaningless hsax. him,44 Ab, Sir, I see that you have not before import- pended specie payments; stay laws, to prevent the People are already coming back from the water- ed; that is to regulate the duty which yoar Govern- collection of debtB, were passed in the States, and thely in process of being equalized." t You now see that the British Government owns that turtle speeches—[luughu r)—many trials of skut took it is warring upon foreign competition. Aud shall ouring places, and business promises to move again. ment kindly permus us to regulate. This column of Gtneral Government, the Treasury of which bad so evenings, the working bees cluster in and around The theaters are running a new rivalry with each high prices is that at which we sell you the goods and recently contained so large a surplus, was now bank-place about that time. Colt's revolvers established Gotemmeut aid in that war 7 Or shall Congress de- thtmselves in the favor of ihe world, llobbs picked fend the induetry of the couutry againetit 1 You can- the locks of all na ions, but no man of any nation ciuld not build up maxufactoriea uutu iuuustry, the property pick the lockB of Hobbs. -The annual raee of the of the nnllion«, can obtain protection against this war-the various headquarters of the People's party other. Politics and travel keep the great hotels ^eceipr: but we will invoice them at the other, HOthat rupt. Have I overdrawn the picture of our country Koyal Yacht Ciub of Eugland ca^e off and, a st- fare made by British capital. The only powiMe de-ing iu the spirit of tne broadest hospitality, the fence is a tariff of specific duties hud on new branoties club permitted an American . boat to enter the oi industry that need prot-cuou,, with a iwge tr«* list list., The race, in view of the commoroial and of raw material; and articles which past^retectiou^has naval characterofEugland,.wasa matterof putbevonddangerotcompeutioo..Sucha tariifother bodies of young men so admirably organized, money, and requested his friend to ship bim the farui- laboring, that, by his skill and industry, he may it her patrosage and presence. The telegraph Was ment, and pay otT the debt created by the preaent^ cor- and so powerful in numbers, that the great hive paragraph: " Age and infirmity have at length so far ture. By the steamer which brought it he received in provide shelter, raiment, and food for the wife brought into special requisition to announce to ad Eng- •runtiud eSravairant AdminisUraUon. buch a taritfprevailed, that the Rev. P . Bionte", father of Charlotte invoice, ia.whlcbt to his,surprise, it was charged 1,250 he nas sworn to protect, and the dear children in who JX land, at the earliest moment, the victor a name. The would"Li?SSS^MK %*TcZarZil\7j8Z Bronte*(CuxrerBell)hasbooncompelledtoceasefrom francsI Uponthisamounthe.paidthedutieBand're- helivesagain. [Sensation;] Andyet,then,asin windisfair,andthebcajsateaway;her'Maie*y,anx- >,;.,»..iv.,.<mldwheinermmtdiuOaJUorniaorAu*-learnthecootofasuiteoffarn'tareofacertaiastyle• e&gertowork,proudofspiritandlovinginheart,—TheHalifax(England)Courierhasthefollowing andlearningthatttwouldbe5,000francs,remittedthe"begging,fromdaytoday:thepoorprivilegeof.nationalsolicitode.TheQueenherselfbeBtowedupon would«.inm!ateourindustry,mabitaittourGovern-^,^-^ueffim^gaagvir,s—••;.-•••«IIMII.II1 IHIIII Iill Ifremithimwedifference.betweenthe5,000and1,250 downuponmillionsofsuchia.thislandofours,teem-<foranswer, "The>&*«***«»«»•' >w»i«»OU.TJB »„. bin?cWS^thatwhichitaownersmostneed.,ItnowChurmonSunday,the2JUtnit Webelievethatthe franca,hewrotehim,thankinghunforthegreatbar- ingaeitdoeswitheveryelementofwealthandpros- America. Who nsjct^ says vtha ^ ^ghmd, France, and Gsrmany, where. of alj local demonstrations outside of the . BCY. fix. Nicholl, husband of Charlotte Bronte", will gain he had secured him, and suggesting tt at at lus J she. " Nobody !" sa) s the telegraph. [Laughter andjCitr. - OB these occasions ft Cttnplefce and hearty j become the incumbent of Haworth."convenienceheshouldreturnhimthe3,750francsdif-ISerity. In1857,wasnotthecountrystartledbythe cheers.) Ourlittle, "low,blackschooner'•aaddis- mderadmixaWy adapted nrotecUYe Jarifts ocad\Untitled Documenttanced the fleet. Shortly afttr this event, the agricul- S d i l o J d o i e work of milfious of men. Coal aad Son are the muscle* of modern civilkatlon. InThomas M. Tryniski Y 309 South 4th StreetFulton New York13069aily reportB of the doings of the thousands of unem-The. tariff of '42 w a s supplanted by that of '4«. During the intervening years, a s l havesaownyoa,the devotion of a proud and loyal aon. I never oia u-ber her mountains, or pass a oay in her'beautifal pas- quired machinery of the moat massive character. A Wjt-> ooo-shores; but even more proud (ban hers is your morecentral position. You lie midway between two oceaus, •caiceany of •*»horn, it 1* believed, ate now obtaining a recnoneNjected to navigation by steam. Those oceans, nowwe did not feel the disastrous effects of the change until a few years after it was maae. Let uspoinds in the course of three or lour years. If the efforts of theae wbo eucouiage the combina iou* to resiriot tbe amount of labor, and to pn duce nuik.es, were to be »accea«inl for any length or.iff. xh the name of oar common country, I iaiplora j on to elect to Congress a man who can read history,•i - *, ''*;:www.fultonhistory.com 