 *i%I*> .,\.er, too, M. Thouvenel's positive dec'aration to Lordhas heard it; and will bo like to heed it, though it operas, it is made up of three different works: theIIiLiverpoolonthe17thofMarch.**3:30P-»*»^xiyed >«e on Friday mowing.Tfce sleamer Anglo-Saxon, from Portland, touched 4* Queenstown on the morning of the 15th, and arrived»* Liverpool at 6:30 on the 16th inet.The* Vigo, from New-Y ork, reached Queenstown on,tibe evening of thelOti), and Liverpool o n the follow- log day, at 5 p. XQ.Tbe Ar*go arrived a t Southampton o n t h e evening of the 16th.. THE STATE OFEUROPE.already giventothateffect,butitisaltogether uncertain whether the Pope will Bubmit to this 14 spoliation," as he calls i t , and rest sata«fidd with a bull of excommunication an<! a diplomatic protest aimcd»at Napoleon as well as at Victor Emanuel, o r whether he will at once go to war with his 25,000 men, organized a n d commanded b y t h e AustrianTo the tune cf Yankee doodle.Tom Sfjern is nor* to w i i iho fight, And rock et all tbe HeVex* hxigbt,Of Yankee doodle doodle.He never yet a l>attle •old,And iren 11 nt'enjtth and conrare bold", "Whose bead and rtba »be tale hove told,And to will Yankee doodle.Perry. JoDea. and Benj<unln. PoddocV, Gr»nt, and biave PooJ€on,L' Befoie Tom S»veia ba»e all give in,Oh ! poor Yankee hoodieSome toy tbat Tom's agetting! stale, JBiit bis m»n)evs soon will tell the lalo, B e kWturs »hat be will never fall,"To lick this Yankee doodle.Old England ne'tr was pot to Bhamev By any irno-twed Englishman,-lben shall ODTnoble championGiveintoYank«edoodle7Tbe Standard of Did England, S*b«»l be mj colors in the ring, Tbe 8lar» and Wtrlpes for Heenon,With bis Yankee doodle doo. All I want upon tbat day, Isroomenoughandmanly.play, To h'.t. nop, joo and get a«»av,TothetuneofYankeedoodledoo>I fear no man, brown, black, or white, Yourjgorold,bulk,strengtu orbight, 1 Ml «each tbem 1know bow to fight,AHv.ell as Yankee doodle.So yon that love true manly sport, * And boxli g of a gennine sort,Shall see bow nicely 1 have caught.This Yankee doodle doodle.BecauseHeenan's.b'gbetbiokshe'llwin, But Tom means to g*)t under htm, And'»end him npinniug roind the rinf,This boasting Yankee doodle.The Yankees think it is all rl^ht,And thut Beennn 's sure to wm tbefight," Tom will send him backa regular frightTo the poor "X ankee doodles.I 've five hundred poundsin store, 1'11layitoutatsixtofour,P l l gain ibis-victory true and sure, Oh1poorYsnkeedoodle. fI '<Lra»her die upon tbe plain,. Thau let tbe bel: go o'er the main, Or call a-go to sxy man,Much more to Yankee doodle.So now my song is ended quite,I mean to win witb 11) my might, And in the ribs both left and rightTo xhe tuie oi Yansee doodle.He '11not be long witbin tbe ring.1Before I '11 teach him how to <d»g.The British soog, " Gave save th©AQu©en/'AnddownwithYankeedoodle.troops will 'n o t presently march o u t o f Italy.There will not presently be a renewal of theFirst Restoration and the Hundred Davs. I cbaocei to nee the snug, smug little man stumping along ongH ftyontical grounds, that the Conservatives really be-Beved that the great bulk of the English nation having previously absconded; of the suicide bydisappointed. I t is always well and a clear gain t ohave positions well defined. I t will b e good to eeeone of that taurus breed, Wbich have, a s S a mthan the petition for the preservation of Pio Nono 3 temporal territorial wrongs.It is stated that the Publishing Committee of tho ,•orders had been issued that six line-of-battle and other the turn which, things a n d Count Cavour haveshinsbelaiddownatsoonasvacanciesoccurinthe- tnkeninItaly. ThoargumentsproandconareI i !{ThePariscorrespondentofTheLondonTimeteays uncommong.odthingsometimes,and.sometimesit Lcmb8rdy,tobe?eady10marchatamoment'sno-.• • :•4KKSnetneed.'dislike*, and SardiniaWere Poniatowski neither prince nor senator, it is But for the great mass of the populace, who ot ceFrive frustration within a twelvemonth of four nuite certain that he would have found access to t ourse understand but little the drift of European posted plans or programmes of performances on the the Grand Opera somewhat more difficult, if not 1olitics, there are not wanting other incentives to Italianstage. •"..'•> hopelesslybarred,althoughhehadalreadyobtained leneraldiscontent. Owingtotheuncertainstate•,•cost 120,000 francs; i t is a most effective series o fIt has been said within the week, with tolerable tableaux worts and vivanis, painted canvas and plying them with pictures and keepsakes-niUtnir. •The ship Great Tasmania, which bad arrived at Li- joined, with some reservation of autonomic forms, verpool from Calcutta, with over 1,000 men, who re- and the Romagnas atladicd with Borne reservationboard. I t is charged that o wing to bad and insuilfcient provision*- and the want of proper accommodation, tho ship became a perfect floating hospital. There were at one time 400 or 50,0 sick men on ooard, of whom 00 died at Pta, and a large number werolanded at Liver- pool in a dj ing state. A Government investigation into the matter had been commenced.It was rumored that late in the Summer Queen Vic- toria will hold a grand inspection of all tbe Volunteers who can be brought together in Hyde Park.InadditiontotheveeeelsnowinprogressatChaMiam,•iSuch W ng the public opmjon of England, the J o n e s ar% defeated, and now we hear by to-day'sment n o w reported•^t h i n g b u t m a t e r i a l f o r c e . S o o n e r o r l a t e r E u r o p e w ' U finditselfcompelled,ineelfdefense,toconfinethis powerwithin.thelimitsoflaw.IToseany/- ««* acknewledges the full extension and at Turin. But the inJaabitants of Upber Savoy, the correct, tho event will be more serious in its ultimate valleysofwhichopentoward Switzerland,havedif- andnecessary consequencesthan anywhichhasoc-mggTandiVraontofSardinia. Theunanimityofthe ferentbterefct*. ThepeopleofChablaisandFaucigny curredsincethefalloftheGreatNapoleon. Henoe-vote of tbe* Italians by universal suff.age, cart onMonday last, /nay h*ve had its share in this import-ant result, by w».sich the Treaty of Zurich becomes vjanion ot Geneva as artisans. A s many more are in sacred rights, and which has cast off respect for every•h a s n o t been prepared That arrangement combine* telegraph ft* this Savoy question u already ar~ and includes near»y every kind o r agirression stigma- tised by public law and publicmorality. Piedmont is etiipped by a friend and ally; but, friends as we are offortnight a veiy active, ingenious, idle discussion,whether he is reallyor enlyapparentlyvexed atest critics are' agreed that Pierre dt Medicis is an agreeable,melodious opera..Tholibrettoishighly improbable,andratherentertaining. Itsauthorsmay fairlysharewiththePrinceone-thirdofthomeritsyear to Rome, and this has affected -all classes un- iavorablv. Itissurprisinghowlargelythiscityof 180 000 inhabitants depends for its subsistence upon the'moneythattravelersbringwiththem;infact,••Powers " the nature of and motives fox this territorial arrangement between them."Undtr this arrangement all the passes of the Alps will be poB'essed b y France, which will also obtain tbe district's of Chabiaia and Faucigny to the south of the Lake ol* Genuva. We wi»h to speak circumspectly of an announcement which we cannot but regard in its present foini as, in its ultimate a n d necessary conse- quences, tLe most serious that hits been made to Europe since the fall of the great Napoleon. W e are thankful to remember that Telegraphic messages are in their Dature defective from conciseness, a n d that possiblyrent of the pople's will and in8tinct,through the broad channel o f universal suffrage.To return to the Italian election: Essentially it is undoubtedly t h o great honest spoken voice o f tho people. All Europe is listening to it. Victor Eman- uel hears itgladly,andwill answertoitscall; though there is a possibility y e t left that, while Paima and Modena are annexed, Tuscany may betalk of opposition, on the same ground, in the Corps Legislatif amounts t o little. I t does not touch t h e rxasseB. A n address to the Pope, taking a sensible view o f the question from a sincere b u t moderate Catholic stand-point, is n o w circulating through Franceinsearchofsignatures. Itisafairoffsetto the extravagances of the Ultramontane faction.Fitrre de Medicis, a n opera by the Senator Priuce Foniatuwski, performed for the first time atthe Grand Opera laet week, is the "preoccupation" oflast political movements g o t o show the great im- probability, not to say impossibility, of any material change in the government of Rome.Northern Italy may b e consolidated under Pied- mont,andtheRomagnaescapeforeverthetemporal power of the Pope; but for Rome itself, there seems nothing left but a quiet submission to a Government.?i..'•*»»onuatuw*......>«onflT «...*»•• .......636,873>Itle,however,initsreJatibnto'the...positionwniob, France has by that act taken up toward Europe that tbe anreaation of Savoy in its entirety is most menac- ing. The Emperor of the French, in taking poa- seition of HauteSavoie, pushesthawedgeoffall upon Sardinia on one side witu hex. great mili-Savoy'willheconstitutedanindependentState—ifthe Naples(tosay;nothing,bfRome)ontheother. gentstothespectatoraseriesofpicturesJaythe$*66C000vot*8 have been cast by the population, whichgivestheproportionofaboutonevotermexn Cantons of Switzerland in the arms of hta power. T h e position of Switzerland is'thus made themostcritical—the Republic being threatened in its independence and neutrality. In Switzer- land the strongest feeling prevails on thte subject. The Swips, brave as they are, are a peaceful people. TheyState. What is positive is, that Francewill never con- sent under an? circumstances to the retention of what arecolledtbe'FrenchslopesoftheAlpsbySardinia, enlarged, as they will be to a power inferior only toand mockery of the doctrines of nationality and universal suffrage. CanLouisNapoleon stand quietly by and let such things be 7 O r take anothermust be, I cannot help thinking, far superior to his ingeniousmicroscopicmarvels(tooingenious,too microscopic, and too marvelous for true art) done on.(WARRIVAL O F THE ARABIA.&KI&"What follows? ' The defeat of Sardinia, the rein- first of living masters. Tbe Avcnturiers, now in P t ' w e i s . • • . . ' . v . , . • . , •••'••»». •'>•'•-• statement of the Dukes, the restoration of the P'ope, jeheairsal at tbeFrancais, wbich is to succeed tho " In tbs case of eenous disapproval and opposition the readjunction to Austria of Lombardy; that is, admirably-acted, pitifully-written, eminently-suc-onthepsrt.oftheEuropeanStates,which,however, theundoing,thewipingoutofallthatFrancedidat cessfulDueJob,thenewcomedyofEmileAngier is not anticipated, then France woold probably con-, such expensive outlay last Summer, the loss of her is costumed, that is, drawn and colored, by Meis-pent to the establishment of 8avoy as an independent Italian prestige, her European prestige, the denial BOnier. Its scenic effects, with life-size figuresJTBOU. Otcr Own*Corrorpoiwleiit.Italy numbering about twelve millions of inhabitants, the southern league is ut willing to begin war unless certain of the speedy support of Austria* Austria, on the other hand, is scarcely able to gratify the warlike desires of Francis Joseph, since the lotteu- ness of the system has become tioglaring not to lead to violent outbreaks in case of a defeat in the field. We saw in the earlier years of the present Emperor's reigD, Professor Endlichtr, one o f t h e most influential men a t Vienna, closely connected with t h e Ultramontanists, poisoning himself, a n dthe Chief of th e Postal Department, Privy Coun- cilor V o n Nell shooting himseF, both having em- bezzlt d public money; but now we hear a t the same time of the suicide by hanging of Lieutenant-Gen- eral Eynatten, his son, an officer of the army,be delayed, b u t they cannot be prevented. Hence- forth not even the most sanguine will be able to be- lieve in tbe maintenance of psace. .Europe has to rtckon with a power which tramples upon the •most »arred rights, and has cast off respect for everything but material force. ^Sooner or later, Europe will find its*If compelled In self-defense to confine, this Power wiibin tbe limits of law. It is not for us U>put our- ielves forward in that inevitable ombtnation; b u t whenever the time comes, the Emperor of the French will perhaps remember the friendly advice he reserved from.a conntrv which h a s earnestly desired, and still desires, to be his lest friendj b u t which will neverconsent to be an accomplice in a policy of spoliation.GEEAT BRITAIN.In tbeHouseofCommons,March14;abillhaving for its object tbe extension of tbe ecclesiastical liberty of clerg) men of the Church of England, to the extent enjojtd by n^n-conformists, was debated and rejected, by a vote of 168 to 131.In the Bouse of Lords, on the 15th, Lord Taunton movtd tbat their Lordships agree with the House of Commons in an address to the Crown in approbation of the new commercial treaty with France.Opposition members who do not so much as propose to. do anything to prevent it; some exchange of diplomatic note-paper and geuuflcctory "honors to be " with Prussia ( t h e most interested party) andalarmed a few days 8go by an accidcut which, for-tunately, has alreadj cleared itself of dangerousconsequences. Stooping to pick up a paper, Laru-: rtine struck bis head againut a chair with sackLOXJDQB, Fxiday, March 16, 18G0. The Tory party, which, at the beginning of the session, entertained some reasonable hope) of re- turning t o office, has suddenly dwindled down t o *n insignificant minority. Gladstone's budget, and its influence on the coal district*, on the potteri-w, en the seats of hardware and cotton manufacture,iavored such important branches o f t h e Eoglish industry, that many Tories had t o vote for it, being required to do so by their constituencies. But the ireal stumbling-block of Disraeli w a s t h e annex- ation of Savoy. T h e journals of all colors, a n d-especially T&e London Times, had been so loud in denouncing Napoleon's plan, on moral as well as\iolence that he fell fainting to the ' floor. The ro- withRussia;themildest ofallobservations from ;ultoftheshockkepthimtohisbedforsomedays,••* .«; « T8REEDAYSLATER FROMEUROPE Tbe'SoBi»ro U«... -V,•• .•••••••••' i«** Sardinia is about to cede Savoy and Nice by treaty toFiiouce. Francewillthenconsultthe.populations ae to whether they choose annexation to France, or,aSB!takMf^:•rioirTsroiDPHAirrnrITAI-I:•'fojmer, the reBult will be communicated t o t h e GreatSs*T*y a»d Xi<?« Ceded to France.?MGim OFBEC4I INAUSTBri..REIOH OF TERROR IN NAPLES bids fair to introduce the principle of universal- . .A New Atlantic Telegraph.T H Beyal mafl steamship Arabia, Capt. Stone, from provinces i s scarcely doubtful. Orders haye beenAll you tba» lov#>trne Britiib nport, Sholl»<?ehowrichlySayerehnacaught,VSR 'mA Yankee doodle dooale.Ilf enan ton» he'» rare tbob*>lt to win, But wher> 'Tiro pntR h'o double in.llo '11 tBB>*hlin darce abput the ring.tagreement with Cavour, no must remain that ablestatesman's ally a n d accomplice. T b e French now two supplementary volumes, they say, on the>tookagreatinterestinthefate ofSavoy, evenif poison ofMr. NoevonNordberg, Chief ofthe the population, Victor Emanuel, a n d the Italians Police; of the arrest of Mr. Richter, chief managerwere consenting parties to theTjob. T h e complete of the Ciedit Mob-lier, with a salary of $20,000, failure o f the debate fcas now ruined the party of and of Messrs. Brambida and Perugio, belonging t o Lord Derby and M r. Disraeli for a long tim% and the leading merchants of Trieste—all of them LordPahnerstonismore firmly established atthe involvedinfraudsuponthetreasury. Wemayaddi head ef the Cabinet than ever. that Mr. Dore, a h officer, whose family is connectedWeller would say, so long " lain dormouse," issuing FirstNapoleon 8works(a n e w volume of which,0Tie Leader expresses, in an excellentarticle,the with the Court, has been hung for treason; that faehngofthegreatmajorityofthoseEnglishwho GeneralPointnerhasshothimselftoavoida.trialeare for foreign affairs,, in the following words:for cheating and swindling, and that Baron Eskeles, one of the Directors of the Bank, became a bank-. . . " The Preneh Emperor declares that h e will, not at- tempt to take Savoy by force, and is moreover willing t o leave the qa**tioa of annexation to France to the de-rupt, all within the same year.Taking these factsFRANCE. In tbe Bouse of Lords, Marzk 16, the state of .Naples From Our Own Correspondent.«asJoa,by universal suffrage, of the inhabitants tkeai- for -what h« xaaj think an adequate constderation, inh*zd anodes to be adoiliiistered to the Austrians, cer-tain monntain slopes chiefiy famous for supplying E o - xoj>e with organ giindeiP; and if the interests of Swic- • aeriand are carea for, and the changea take place by thetogether, w e may g e t a n insight into the state ofin lieu of the duties now payable.onthat, in lieuof proper guiding reins and bit. anteeoftheneutralityofSwitzerlandandofaportion, "With th e best intentions and th e most thorough of Savoy.*>*.Tneni, withthe«-««**»«fw kuowr*..TcJ*l.! they wish H thai Louis Napoleon has. taken effectualstrengthinherseeming.politicalweakness,might1 nospecialnoteofthegrouping,the"compoeittoo*, TtaDock}»fM«^(M.'meatnicetodeprivethemofthat.'fx'eevoice,inthede- nw cWonof tbeir destiny which Nwas promised them ineeive*. JSow, if Victor Emanael is willing to give up, society a t Vienna. B u t how can i t b e otherwisepoleon HI. attempted to t>teal their pet river, with itstbrrvi»gtowns;butthoGermanpeoplearemorenu- thelasttwoyearsofLouisPhilippe,whenthetrialsxoeioos than the English, and quite as able to fight of the ex-MinhvfcerB Teste and Cubierec, and of theThe Paris Monfaur announces that Government Eomagnalavevotedtojointhemselvesto Sardinia was, thatFrench universal suffrage,whenitvotes hadsubmittedtothecorpsLegn-latifaprojectforde-their own battkB; and whenever tbey are really indangerfromErai>«e,wemayreJyuponit, thefault wdl • He with ihtnx own Governments ana themselves. There have been times wiro»«»2xxgej>ortion of.BhenishPrns- eia and Bhenish Bavana would have giaoij- ..^..^-.oJthe fact that the Island of St. Pierre, near Newfound- —not by a large majority, as every one expected, in an Emperor, is next door but one to vox Dei; but voting forty millions of francs in loans to manufac-land, bad been fortified by the French Government 1 that Tuscan universal suffrage, when it votes an- turers for Uie renewal aDd improvement of their mar-*^ UMII to Eratnce; and if the nuisance ef a swarm of inhabitants of Vienna and destroy all respect for petty potentates, and the unwi:iingneds of Pianola totreadboJdlv the patn of constitntk>nal liberty, sdoald I the ruling -ckteses, while names ef still more inl- weaken the adheeion of aay part of Germany to its portant and more influential persons are men-L01dJ<bnRussellmadeasimDar statement tothatWar,propotintr,astheideaso'warweie reoeding,,tc- passage from a leader in the Pays, Journal at the Chasseurs from 8 to 6 companies, the force whichThevote*foraseparatekingdom,andtbein.HIGHLY INTEMSTING.INTELLIGENCE famal*nes, are not yet fully reported. They d<> his forces between Piedmont and 8wUzen«ad, not amount to 25,000. Thus it appears that about advarciDg toward the Valais, and embrdLcing Wesi'five inhabitants.This proportion is considerablylarger than that of the elections in the UnitedPrussia."- ••••'-Victor Emanuel is not a timidxu.'er?, it i» not ior as to resist the natural progroe* of events." The Italian question is not difficult to understand; si d as England was not willing to render active as- netanee at any price whatever, it is certainly compe- t e d lor Sardinia, in acting on behalf of Italy, to make the be*t arrangementa ishe can for T^nch Bapp>rC"Lord John'JUasst 11, whote feeling towwalvaty aremuch mere Lberal than thesa of Lords Aberdeenand ed of anti-Auetrian tendencies; the houses of men o*tbtirown interests. The noble lord added that theIfalraeitmiy, gave advice which, if fallowed, would have le<t Italy ^nnder Austrian thraldom, till the crack of doom. Victor Emanuel wisely rejected the solemn platitudes about the force of example, and tried the xoroe of Fieuch gunpowder against the oppressor* of Ids rare. The re*nlt ha» not been all we wished, b u t Italy has g*ined immeBttoly by Hagenta and Solferino, axd is h- a fair way of gaining more k bhe acta witu prudence and courage. W e may exclaim tha; it would bemwenobleif theFrenchGovernmentwouldcom- plete its work, and turn Austria out of Venice and th e <^Badrangle, without asking ior any other reward thantheeoiwiou*ne«*»ofhaviogdonewell;andwemay •with jubtice complain of th e opposition which Loaia 2?apoleon mafces to the union of Tuscany with Sar- dinia-, but a Frenchman is entitled to ask in return, what England has done, or is prepared to do, if Austria and her aIks rekiadle the war. Lord John Russell would write dispatches in basinese-like English, con- veying moral sentiments that would do honor to a n y ©opj -book; but he would n o t recommend creating a diversion in favor of the Italians by binding a liber- ating expedition in Hungary; and if the French Gov- eirment proposed to do so, it is believed that, in com- mon with other Whigs,he would be seized with an at- tack of the Treaty ot Vienna,which waa mainly found- ed upon the idea of making Auetria a counterbalance to France."Such readinefB to a'4ow Venetia to remain the prey o f Austria, a n d suck willingness to place obata- cles in the way ol the liberation of Hungary, are notof the highest rank a r e invaded by police officers views of the Government would a t once be laid before her Mf-jetty, and would be embodied in a dispatchand their most private correspondence is ransacked, wh'cb would be submitted to Parliament.in favor of a "separate kingdom," in an electionwhere in fact the most advanced and the mostThe Arch Ducal Tuscan Plenipotentiary Min- bis own boose for Tuscany, and, accordingto thesame ister resident near the Court o f the Tuileries, still report, he is debarred f>om occupying t h e Romagna, resides here, is recognized with all his titles in the which may be governed by a vicar acceptable to theconsistent with a thoroughgoing love of liberty.Sounded upon principles wliich a free country ahouldapprove. W e think Louis Xapoleon unwise in pro ities''wm b^ permitted, and tbe t w o contracting par- poking alarm and hostility by this Savoy scheme, a n d ties wiE afterward communicate to the two Earopeari"Ultraniontanism is vulgarized down to commonest• ridicule the idea of France being in danger bec*ase ' Italy will be mistress of her own destinies; for if ever dangerexisted, it'was whenthepassesoftheAlpswere virtualJy tinder the control of the powerfal Em* pjre' o f Austria, a n d might htwe been ased against France in the event of any quanel in which Germany wasinvolved. Batwearenotgoin*toservethecause of the Hapsburgs, and damage the interests of Italy tnd Hungary by hounding *n Europe to a coali- tion against France. I t is quite possible that the influ- ence of England might make the French Government aoQwUjmgly abandon its desire of having the passes ofJBavoy; buti', by so doing, we aJfonate France from there may be something untold, wnich may modify the Sardinia,andgivenewhopesandvigortotheAustrian feneralcharacterofthereportedtreaty. Weremem-«au*e, can it be pretended that we have done auyMod 7 V we choose to say to Sardinia,' Don't cede Cowley on the r>tb of lapt month, that, in seeking guar-roy, but rely on us to help you if Austria dares to 1,scheme of an Italian Confederation. To renounce •he Winter's diplomacy, and those who understand scene, not to forget the ballet. T h e music is some-that in a real sacrifice; but he has grown somewhat thing better than that of a mere gentleman amateur. it wince a t the prospect.1 heie bus been going on here in Paris for the past a creditable position on the Italian stage. But hon- < f affairs here, but few foreigners have come this --.•antees'for ber own safety, France h a d no intention of <*er molestfttk»n, there would be some consistency in violating the gnarantees"which Europe had thought it« • vmduet; but while we are only ready to look on *U*W*M the performers who please us,asif thefa ,Jjko»~ *7* i ?** *° °>er&tic apeota^e, we ouUfjht to bonecessary to take for her own safety, and that ' in the " opinion of tbe French Government it would be well '• that tbe districts of Chablais and Faucigny should " be united permanently to Switzerland." Unhap-pilythis recollection brings no.assurance, while it suggests tbe question whether the arrangewonted to sacrifices, it is to be hoped, by thesuc-:a ' xwagtd bet*«*,n Victor Emanuel•er France gives up heroppoek«>n an<iProtestagaiisttheannexationoi•-•••nal annexation b^in* I Cavour the q**tion of the final annexation bein*leserved for the vote cf the municipalities, but thatfte.French Government refuses t o enterinto nego- in them. They a r e his liege subjects, not his bonds-ion. That matters little, however; practically, it long, in about equal proportions; to the costumers and the taking care of them, furnishing them withand ^poleon,ttat a cession of Savoy a n d Nice is. prepare* b y that State, we ooncoive that that n tho least ofthe mis-building slips. The aggregote of the six vessels will well balanced. I cannot arrive at a decisive opin- of its brilliant success. The other two-thirds be- the)' seem to be about the only article imported,vteatM>n* with Switzerland about Ckablais and Fau- ^-rry. Wedonotdoubtthe.correctnessofthismen, and wb«n he surrenders his claim to their lovalty they ought to be free to choosetheir destiny. We nave nodoubtthat,uponanintimationfromTurinthatthey were ii«4 to choose, many of them, those espoc ally who Inhabit the valleys which slope from Moant Cents toward France, would readily join that empire. That isUJKOtheopinionofSixJamesHudson,ourMiatsterthe corps de ballet, of which Mme. Ferraris is the bright particular star. Music, painting, and danc- ing, the .combination which people choose to name Prince Poniatowski's opera, is a superemiuent suc-^ 4 r»at»on, though the mostimportant concludingare no manufactories, I think not a steAm-engme, not even a saw-mill, in or about the city. There is no commerce; the bed of the Tiber, in whichoneoakug* e was omitted, *ix: that r ran.ee 2 m * jj n p0floated the skips from Egypt^**i* ^Pj TM"'^S t S J f apkee«fwaet*P«P«r. Thepopulationofthe K t^SfFVTM0' o f *W C a n t o © o f V a u d . l u U p - woTM***workmenareemployedby °f°wneva-Th*yo^sireunionwith n^7^^»«H>torIttotbeGreatPow-Francis Joseph be flattered or not, Camille Cavoui- i s n o t a t a i l s c a r e d , a n d t h e o r d e r , i f i t w e r e e v e r issued,IMcountermanded.itors in Paris.S p e a k i n g o f t h e a t r i c a l t a b l e a u x , m a n y o f t h o t h e - atersofPariswouldbewellworthadeafman'sat- tendance. TopaBsbythescrupulously-faithfulre- productionofthecostumeofLouisXIV.,inMo- fiere'spieces,andthearchoelogicalaccuracywithurally fertile, but now celebrated for its barrennesaLastyeartherewere60,000strangersinEoroo duringCarnival,andthisyeartherehavebeenbut 6000. Roomshavenotbeenlet,norflowersnor confettisold,andthethousand*whosubsistbysup-36BBMBIprovinees«v'dTuseonyamountstoabout $MijaiiKons,andaiao^thesetbefoliotviagvote* bstvebeeness?:tE&&3frB"Withoutpresumingtofathomdiplomaticmyf*teries,letuslookattheplainfactaandfairlikeli-hoods. IftheFrenchtroopHwerewithdrawn,andthoFranco-fiardioiau alliancewev«dissolved, whichhistoricalplaysaredressedoutinseveralplyingtheoddsamiendsthatstrangersrequiteh»vetioned in connection with the frauds carried on 8gainst the treasury, the reign of terror is again in- troduced into Hungary. People are arrested with- out any apparent cause; ladies are fined for havingM Thouverel states tbat the altered position oi ttiongest; of Floience, where itsforce was concen- " a modification necessary to the safety of her fron-Italy renders necewary th* annexation 01 Savoy to France, butibnt before adopting any decisive measure, the feelings of the people of Savoy will be consulted.mn'HMWB^j^imi^^njj^^^^^ *..^.xa~j^.II?General Majtrhofer, supported by t h e Neapolitanarmy, and peihaps by Austria, too. Though Naplesand the Papal doaainions, a s theyare n o w consti-tuted, are exactly a s populous a s Sardinia in h e rpresent extension, each ofthese twodivisionsof quences"willbeoftbegravestcharacter. Theymiyropean Powers, is a voluntarily pervert-id commen- it yet. H e is a singularly hale, teres et rotundas,when the Minister of Finances gives the example ef swindling by the spurious emission of 116,000,000 •of fctock, and is retained in the Cabinet even afterthfct disgraceful maneuverwas de&cuncedbythe~ indignantprotestoftheExchangesofGermanyand Holland1 Weareinvoluntarilyremindedbythesewas debated, and the Duke of Somerset said that pro- tection would be afforded to pol tical refugees who mightfeekforitonboardBritishmon-of-war inthe Bay of Nbples.The Duke of Newcastle in reply to the Earl of Carnanon,taidthatwitbinthelast24hoursacircular dispatchfromtheFrenchGovernmentrelativetothe Savoy question had been receivod, but he. was not yetP A R I S , March 15, I860. YourLondoncorrespondence,Eoglishfries,and last telegraphic words from Liverpool, will give youoneandtwo dajs laternewsoftheCentralItalianelectionsthanhasreachedusuptothismorning;butreturnshavealreadyreachedussufficientlycon>breaking, t h e poor beast cannot go right more than half the time, tor which it gets no thanks, and must gowrongatleast halfthetime,forwhichitgets thwacks.Tbe Sardinian Government is said to have assented to the demand of France fir the cession of Savoy and NicebyaspecialtreatybetweenFranceandPiedmont' —tbe treaty to be followed by the vote of tbe Monici-. palities of the ceded terr.tory.wishofthepeopleimmediately concerned, whatonearthisEnglandtogetinapassionabout?Orwhatwgkt w e to care whether the Germans willbemoreanxiousabouttheirbelovedjUhine7Weahonld eertajauly gympaihi/.e with the Germans if Na- disclosures of the «tate of society in France daring prepart d to lay it be 'ore the House.lately pub-Du>e de Pia?lrn, prepared the population for thecoming revolution.X5ut while these terrible revelations alarm t h eLord J. Russell taid that tbe case had been referred but such majorities as surpasB all expectation .and nexation, is little better than vox diaboli. The chinery, and another project concerning the modifi- totholawofficers oftbeCrown,-whowereofopinion allprecedent. Idon'tspeakoftheBolognadistrict, articlecreated,foradayortwofollowingitspubli- cationsofthetariffforwools, cottons,andrawma-Tbe tone of tbe ait-patch is fucb as to produce the impretsion that the French .Government considers it been pTeser-t a t a ball given by a nobleman suspect- abxolu'ely necessary to annex Savoy for the protectionprostitution can eink ? Emanuel. Tbe Emperor invites the King not to accept union with Sardinia. But the majorities in favor of It is noticeable that in the late Italian elections, Tutcany in bis own name, n^twitbbtaniiing the receofcand suspected persons arc prohibited from inviting theirfriends to dinner. Thebribe offered tothe Protestant churches to induce them to accept th e obnexious decree of Count Thun, haviog been unani- mously scorned b y t h e Calvinists, a n d only par- tially accepted by a minority of the Lutherans, thetisans of Mazzini, could not express by vote theirproper opinions—are less to be wondered at and lesssaid, in constantly emitted billets of invitation to The Swiss Federal Council had addressed a note toMinisterofPublicWorshipisnowpreparingforinsistedupon.Theforceswouldbeofsuchastreagth a newcrusadeagainstthem; whileontheother astoguardagainstfailure. Iffoundmoreconvenient, pro", -sion would be made for the Embassadors to reside hand the Calvinists are ready for the worst in de- at Slmngbae, and to occasionally virit Pekin, althoughThe libel suits brought against that able, bold, leave Ivvone for Cbambery.foul-mouthed Bishop Dupanloup, which were t o Tbe Paris Bourse h a d been firm, a n d prices havebeentriedlastMonday,havebeenadjourned. higher,butrcxtescloseddullonthelGchat68w It is said, I do not know with what show of truth,that republican Jules Favre, who was engaged as ITALY.prosecuting counsel for the Sieclc newspaper, hasratherfense of tbeir faith. The mine is charged, the train is laid, and any accidental spark may cause an ex-The vote UBit stands, however, is full of variedsignificance. It is an irrefutable answer to the cryraised and dwelt upon with unwise persistence by thrown up the case, because he had reason to be-it w a s thought desirable that Pekin should b e t h e place of residence. France, and England wore both actuated by the moist moderate and pacific intentions, andhetrutted these very reasonable demands would be acceded to.A geoeral debate ensued, in which Mr. Bright a n d others strongly condemned the policy of Mr. Bruce.Lord Palmerston defended Mr Brace, and sa;d that England would never have endured his submit ing to bbould not make a deep and painful impre?Bion. It is the indignities which the American Minister had metlieve that the real party in the trial was the Min- THE STATE O F FEELING IN ROME. ister of Public Instruction and Worship. Corroipoudeuc* of The N. Y . Tribune.plosion.all partisans of the reaction for the past months,that the preceding expressions of the national willintheDuchies and tho Romagnas were butthevoice of a revolutionary faction, uttered by packedassemblies and unpopular leaders. Now, of course, lished and circulated without legal authority, in the ent, a t least so far as appearances go. The affair they will cry that the vote has been forced, fabrica- possession of religious sisters and private individuals.ted, &c. They will make the same mistake, and Needless to say that these tracts are high-Ultra- of the students at the Sapit'nza College, which was maintain, wittingly or unwittingly, the same falsity montane in their tone, and that nothing can be got the last topic ofinterest, if not Bettled, has at leastprivate interest, ignorance, and other accidents*, cases. But all this circulation of tracts iu which and that the people are far from being at ease.*THE ANNEXATION O F SAVOY.From Tht London Daily New*.Governmentofficialsaredoingasmallbusinessin ROME, March 10,I860. the way of seizing small pamphfots and tracts, pub- W e are uncommonly quiet in Rome juat a t pres-It was impcssible that the grave statement we pub- lieht d je-iitciday, in the foim of a telegram from Turin,,stated—and theie is too much rea9on for believing without exaggeration, that tbe Sardinian Govemmont, under the teveiest pressure of France, has consented to the demand of the Ecopt ror to eftect the cession of Savoy and Nice by a special treaty, to be concluded between France and Piedmont. When the trcity has been n-a/e, but not before, a Vote of " the Municipal-with. He believed that the Emperor of China was prepared to give an apology for the Peiho ati'utr.The London Time* of tho 16th, in its City Article, eays:4i The caution money of £20.000, on the concession for the North-Atlantic Telegraph, between Europe and the United States, for 100 years, granted by tbe Danish Government, is Btated to have been remitted to-day to tbe Danish Minister of Finance a t Copenhagen, b y Meters Crcskey oz Co. The line will proceed from Scotland and Denmark, via the Faroe Islands, Icelind. Greenland, and Labrador, to Canada and the United States; and its practibility is represented to have been recently demonstrated by a personal survey-made b y Col. Sbafl'ner, who, on Wednesday last, gave evidence upon the subject before the.Committee 01 the House of Commons,nowsitting."Sir Rowland Hill was suffering, from indisposition.The Countess of Granville, whose death had been anticipated for some time, died on the 14th March.ceased to attract public attention, and there has no new cause of excitement arisen to take its place.prcperty of tl renuncia'ion < cedent for a c ince.cf tho tee with indit of bis subjec lay enaree for heboid withotlow,tothedel andofallUbi eefiegthe felThe Car aim at the time c4 the Pope 3 i«.L ions; bat l'it principle, CAT. voltintheiictribntable tot the reduction expected., After statin of tbe Konn neceteaiiljfo wculd be mfi in the actual < established t< niight enjoy t his apostolici was the jurp uee:"IwillnvAc U*t (•onwco'iu making tn<» l\oi Holy F»tb*r -.v tioDM, thir j» wlub It u tri lb* four lettntio tbe »g«acj ci a it b«* rttctived asmtaiK* in th wbich Las !*•« rnUtaac*. khou!ca*»i*t*itN« ftcm ; iered by C*ihui . e t t s w h i c b c o i><aistiua&e* Oxm " For the ie>! di«po*e4 t« coo-d l c a t r d , o n ib.< Kt*t«d pubar •.) b« it, to »u»i.vxi wh»t«jr*r OJ») 1mayft«the orp pi«t«jai mo;« uc" JtaK^Fer* THE K;Ccnre»pon<lt:j:c<There was f a r J r o m t h e j leastsosalet havefabric*thavebeeniawith exhaustive perfidy.chiefs o f the annexation. Tbe Savoyards a r e robbedof their dearest and most undoubted rights. For thomatters nothing. Vexed or pleased, his Majesty's paKKions have slight sway over his policy.and machinists [the mise en sce\ne, is said to haverooms and provisions, keepiug the galleries open7.Kh> of Sardinia can give away no more than he has Kfor their inspection, and, when they go away, sup-export their wheat, therr wine, their wood, their oat- forth, not even the most sanguine will b e able to be-v ' A *If:mmat •.«• !• mmAustria, who always petains a wonderful military• °f *M nrrfltlieatres of the ine^roponsf"M**j^t^YORK PA1LY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, MARCH 31,ftmnd no eic in a commor Tn such"Cjjargethe;r| deservedl)01'hivefoomuf C Any publi* :3S of courseI ,«traws in th< Wowing. F 'numerous.ro| Most frequ» Stances oi friend of tb*street upon «about sundoipeared to hU .lately uponJgone. He u other villain1 leaving hi*•friend- Giving hione, he held] ; crowd and* •iyord "of ani ]tenopathy0 •tolead the: station. Ini. veryopporti who, atai complice of so much flchj compelled id together.Of course'. Now, to t-ho- for the O'Abcries by. ftsj desperate vfl .injure hon<-st robberies, vviof want :n Chief COUIK Cardinal ia ccrxmon thai late uponlor highway < xpressivc si be dangeroustetter than During ain which I hi allcla8«.CHof pressedany the Pope; _ prewedth<r the peopW the 8laughte{ the appearitheir mid^rthecity,wot ' T h e troo contented, deserters w e upon two se their protectthat a boay < frontier,for was true,and the distteam, from would not re tore the city It hfcs ;u.*«tempt had ix Napoleon, a r butallthreecase was a p of Naples. _ hasjust arrvi Naples, U n tion, but non lie sentiment satisfaction, either north pies;sometb themoutofThey can full of fight, it; but.lO,0( pyipgallthe cicnt to quf these soldien so," saidan around eachhavenotfor raiIpcwerof in '4P, nor ti the Cues and pant lor an t of their aliai] time they prophf cies. « but when tb do .scmethii reports. ,.ANT< A dispatcar.cteot M. TI The Carca the sole ca;.«the discoci • n Stales. Hec Aubtria, who integrity ol t and delay?, pacify ihe" Kodurations of which d«clari liticnofthe Still the H e con&ifctent v» bis people. that theee r execution, q revolted* pr« The " paiti] isdeclaredei adndnisti-dnofatt, an abso. not cone*m u son stated ii 1 that the Staer on earth can help treaties changing with them.. B a t here is a want, permanent, solid, legitimate, essential— the need of the Swiss to be abletolive independent and neutral, without tbe burden of a large standing army. Tbe Emperor of th'e,Fre*ch baa deeded that thevsiall be deprived of the guarantees of that privilege He can alley e no want of natoralbotmdaries here; the frontier of Upper Savoy projecting like a tongue between SwitzerJandand"Piedmontforbidstheargument. The annexation of Chablais and Faucigny is an act of sheer rapacity.' It is impos-ible to doubt that i's conse-proper time have Savoy and Nice. Lord Palm-merston's pailiamentarily expressed opinion thatFrance will- n o t take possession of those prov-inces without t h e previous consent o f t h e E u -posed to take pleasure (seePsalmsexlvii.,7),h-)Btt;b* or stumps ahead; with greater crural longitude hiss gait would be shambling; bis head looks alHrim and sound, a s though there might be twenty volumes i aThe merits of tbe treaty were, debated a^. some length, Earls Giey, Malmesbury and Derby speaking in oppo- . sition to it,.and denouncing it as a sop to enable the Government to conciliate the Manchester party* Lord Derby thought i t would be unadvieable t o come t o a division upou tbe address, in view of the empty benches which t i e Opposition tide presented. Tbe House nev- ertheless divided, and the result was: For the addeess,68; fgainst it, 38. Majority for the Government, 30. In the House of Commons, on the same evening, far- ther progress was made in the new customs dutteB. Among the resolutions agreed towns that which impo- ses a only of one pbilling per tun on foreign and colo- nial built ships, registered in England a s British ships,from the "Vatican, the stable where the Pope in Plon's cheap 8vo. form, hasjust appeared) have"keeps hisbulls,"asthat intelligent traveler, Mrs. already inhand the incredible number of 85,000 letters, dispatches, bulletins, etc., of the great Em- Ramsbotham,tellsus,andbuntingagainsttheroyal peror,andthat yetmore areexpectedtocometo.Zouave, o r , a s i t might prove i n such case, driviog attSaribaldi.The sub-semi-official newspaper press here is, a s usual in Buch times of tangled crisis, in a high state of flabbergast' a n d laughably bothered t o know which way the Government cat is finally to jump. As a general rule, the first intimation which its con-ductors get of a change i a the Imperial policy is a slapintbeface,asyouhaveBeena tyrannical boy astraddle of a poor hack with a halter round his neck, whacking him rudely on this jowl and thenfight from their zealous search. The printed work threatens to extend to forty volumes.» •Michel Chevalier, t h e great 3 free-trader, bad been nominated by tbe Emperor as S nator of France.The Paris coirespondeat of The London Times tele- graphs tbat the Swiss Eavoy at Parie had handed to M. Tbouvfcnel a protest againut any measure of annex- ationofSavoytoFrance;at*dfurther,thatthoSwiss Government would address a note to the Powers who> signedtbeireatieaattheCongress ofVienna,for tha maintenance of tbe status quo in Savoy, and the guar-iIn tbe House of Commons, Mr. Haliburton asked iftbeattentionoftbeGovernmentJbadbeendirectedtopkte to show that the people of toe Duohies and the was not. 1 hat was the sum of it. The drift of it tice, bao been countermanded.that t b e French Government b a d n o t violated t h e stipulationsofthetreaty.whsrethevotersfora"separatekingdom"woreincation,much moreattentionthanitdeserved. It isonly mentioned asapassingevent ofthe week.terials. TheMonitcurcontain*areportbytheMinisterofS*r Robert Peel made a n indignant protest against Ibe policy of the Emperor Napoleon, and oallei on Government to tumly oppose hit project.Ixrd John Russell made Borneexplanations in regard to the Chinese Expedition. H e admitted that it was not desirable to proceed to Pekin, but it would be un- wise to Bay that it Bhould not be done if their terms were refuted. An indemnity would be demanded, and if not accepted before the forces arrived, it would be.retrograde, the partisans of the Dukes and the par- last edition of the Almanac Imperial, and also, it is PoT;e.tired from tbe Indian Army on tho transfer of the East IndiaCompany'BservicetotheBritish Government,every day growing more and more irksome, and of Papal suzerainty in principle. Louis Napoleon the dilettanti world of Paris. Like most modern an acquiescence in an arrangement that; leaves«**-f yof tbe actors in every scene of a regular stock piece. ...'88,511 CoTrntCavour'sdispatch:ofMarch2. ,;.'X . perarateindependency. Iftheyselectthelatter,then. taryTreparatiopa alwaysmakinginVenetia,and wecometofrequentinstanceswherethestagep*elStates, and approaches the proportion of France in are not men to sit down quietly when their rights are A LONDON BALLAD ON T H E COMING is: a man to burn hie ships. Constitutional Italian Dorr displayed in form and color. The abominably-1852, when there was one vote to 4£ persons.attacked: the last time Europe beard of them in that situation, in the Winter of 1856.they placed on foot within amonth anaraayof200,000men,wellpro-FIGHT. . ; -f monarchy if he can; revolutionary Italian unity if BcanflalouB diversion, aversion, of Goethe's Faust, A correspondent in London sends us the following he must. Garibaldi, Mazrini, Kossuth; down with as represented at the Porte St. Martin last year,Thequeationnowarises,what will betheim-mediate result Of this popular manifestation, which vided with artillery, and prepared to encounter one of characteristic ballad, which the fricids^of Bayers flog; all men, all means, all colors, if needs must Delacroix's illustrations of that p«>em. Ristori, insuffrage into the public law of Europe, and there- fore is violently denounced by the journals which xepresentLegitimacy. That VictorEmanuel will at once march his tioope into the newly-acquiredgent over to America: •'•"< "pest, Austrian standard 1 C a n Louis Napoleon Btand quietly by and let things take course in thatdirection? Vexedortickled,atopendifferenceormsecretrules was dresked by Ary Scheffer.Thiers's last volume, the seventeenth, is abso-lutelyinpress. Aftertwoyearsconstantannounce-' ment, the last of its 900' pages has passed from his hands to those of the printer. He purposesto writethe*Savoycrossandup with theRedRepublican wasredeemed byRouvieVe'svivificalionofsomeof- tbe first Powers in Europe. Y*t the policy of Switz- intend having printea in gold upon^pinkjatin, and against that hated black and yellow, death and Medea, and, I belive, in several other of her grahdterland is not aggxessivo.and i t was one of the few wisa,acts of tbe Congress of Vienna, that, not being able togive tbe Republic a political frontier on the south- west SAYEBS—EKGLAND'8PRIDE. co;ncid;ngwithtoatlinewhichwouldhaveservedbest \ Bonowthstfiphtaareallthetalk, . for a military frontier, it supplied tbe deuoienoy byneutralisingUpperSavoy. Itdidsopartlyiuthein-ter*st of Switzerland, that its shepherds might not becompellf d to maintain a large force under arms, expos-ing tbe Repnb'rc to the temptation of taking partia thewars of its neighbors. But it was equally impelled tothis court e by regard for the general secucityof Europe.,The wants and intorest of Europe change, and no pow-CnoRra.Polay joor irorej out a-Tisht, ""**'•war there.. Cavour controls the situation rather the Boulevards yesterday. H is legs not being of than Napoleon. H e will let the latter in the dimensions in which god* or men could be sup-aminorityofecmetbinglesslhanoneinathousand,made by the Duie of Newcastle iuthe Upper House, or of the districts (provinces, not cities merely) of As a sample of officious editorials, the following reduce tbe enectivo strength of tbe battalion's ofrelative to the reception of a circular disptuob from theFrench Government, and explained the nature of tho _o.jtpatch. .,' *Parma aid Modena, where it was a poor fraction greater, but of Tuscany, where t h e reaction w a sVEmpire, is worth noting: "After having done soVmuch for Italy and in H*ly, France, in acceptingexisted before 1853. The report is/olio wed b y a. de- cree approving of tbe Mioiaterial proportion.The French fleet had been recalled froaa Algefliras.view of likelihoods.man—he is more man than king. Camille CavourA t the Bouffes Parisiennesyotttary on the Napoleonic text. H e has said that heshall not take possession without "exposing" the ca*eappearing little, old gentleman; the current of hi* warm Southern blood n o t much chilled yet by t h o frosts of sixty-three Winters. The numerous friendsto the European Powers. I t is pretty well exposedalready. Some more waste talk in Pariiament by of h is broiher academician, Lamartine, weroAustria—and all will be done.Austria must of course protest against that popu- lar vote of annexation, for principle's sake, as a violation of divine right and legitimacy, and for the cake of a reservation that a t some future day, when shehopestobestrong enough andcircumstances are more favorable, she m ay have ready cause of warwithSardinia.Poor old Pio Nono, they say, is training a bull 0 'excommunication to let out on Victor Emanuel theday his troops enter the Romagna. I t is reportedut danger is past.A scheme, devised b y no one knows whom, prop- gated and commented upon by numberless men of lettersknown and unknown,has beenone ofthe esserthemesoftalkoflate. Thescheme,, whichis. or was, to take shape, I think, in a petition to ibe Senate,was,oris, to double the numberof academicians, raisingitfrom 40 to 80 "immortals,ri on the ground that since Richelieu's time the intel- lectual population, a n d consequently the superiorthat the excommunicatory ceremony is all arranged, Jinefleur of it, has doubled. I should say that th eandthatcuriousstrangershavealreadygonetoRome petition,iftheschemeverilyhasgotasforwardas to witness it. Let us hope that they will n o t b e that, is likely to get no further through the SenateGrandguillot, intheConstituiionntl,lishedamorethan usuallymuzzy, long-windodarticle, going to show that universal suffrage was an it is certain that the order of the French Army m"ticr, would give a new proof of her disinterested- Tbe Paris correspondent of The London Times siys trated; of 32,000 inscribed voters, 27,000 went to that an autogiaph letter from the Emperor Napoleon,the polls, depositing there over 25,000 votesfor "nees." Is there a lower depth to which verbal couched in an angry style, had reached King Vict>runien o r annexation against the fractional minority the clergy in many places voted for annexation. test of universal suffrage. He may name a prince ofioundly important fact of the overwhelming propor- tionofactivevoterstoabstainingvotersinthe first trial of universal suffrage. There, rather than in the surprising returns of majorities'and minorities on the two limited questions presented to the Central Ital- ianslastSundayandMonday,liesthesoundbaseof hope for the future of Italy.prohibits the cePBion of tbe neutralized districts of Savoy to any other power than Switzerland.TheCourierdesAlpeaannouncesthatthefirstand eeeond regiments of Dragoons had received orders tobenearly20,000tunB, andthenumber ofguns207.An influential meeting of importers and dealers in for-eign produce had been held in London for the purposeof opposing some of tbe prooositions of the Chancellorof tho Exchequer. Resolutions were adopted con-demning some of tbe proposed new taxes and charges likelihood, that he had issued orders for the return painted figurantes, artistically combined] and4o forms the great business of the community. Thereas likely to prove injurious to commerce. The£100,000preference capitalauthorizedbytheGreat Sbip Company had all been applied for by the shareholders, and the subscription list wasclosed.LAI•J-.BT.—The. Daily Neiot, of the 17th says, that if thestatementrespectingthemodeofcedingSavoybeCourt balls and ceremonies; all of which, if true, berlain, the AImanac editor, and the Plenipoten-tiaryMarquisinparlibuswillpermitme,butterno parenips.Parie and Turin; protesting aga;nat tbe annexation oftobehopedfrom inthemselvesthanthemorepro- signifiesbutlittle.- Softwords,iftheCourtCham- CbabliuandFaucignytoFrance,asthetreatyof1816out of prosecuting religious sisters and more or lessstupid and zealous private. individuals. Equallyneedless to say that the bishops and lay knowingleon. Government pressure has its influence; fear, ones keep themselves out of harm's w ay in these Yet it is not hard to see that it 18 a forced quietness,that has been so long made and maintained by equally prejudiced partisans of a widely different cause, in reference to the election of Louis Napo-have their influence; but none of these influences,noralloftheseinfluences combined, can seriouslyaddtoortakefromthevolumeofthe grand cur- voroltheintegrityofthePope'stemporalities,and teemslikelytobedone. Onthecontrary,allthenothingforitscitizenstodobut toguardchurches had a fearful amount of sicknesB and mortality on seems to pronounce condemnation on his favorite musical composition, the libretto, and the mise en and watch ruins. This is not an agreeable result ofmisapprehension, andpetitionstotheSenate infa-After a Winter of so great promise, Spring has come,and nothing satisfactory"has been done,orof Marshal Vaillant from Italy, apropos of Sardin-ian military occupation of Central Italy. Was theorder meant for Francis Joseph's perusal, as aconsolation; for Victor Emanuel's, as a menace, or,honestly, for Vaillant, as an order? Either onej cess. Emperor, Empress, and all tho Court and so filled up that only a few flat-bottemed boats, any two, or all those meanings, are possible, nay, fashionable world, attended the first nigM be-dia- loaded mostly with coal, are forced up agamst the naturalenough. Itmight have beenworthwhile m.oudedandbare-shoulderedtothehighestandlow- current; andtherailroads--4here areonlytwoteactonFrancisandonVictor. Louishimselfis estdegree. Pierre deMedicis isthovogue,then; shortones—donofreightbusinessatall,otnexttonot omniscient, and needs to experimentaometimeB, the thing to b e heard, and, above all, t o be 'seen, none. And a s for agriculture, Rome ia seated w ^ sell, to Genevn and the Canton of lieve .in the maintenance of peace. Europe has to like another. The comfortable fact is that whether for the next year, by all provincial aud foreign vis- the midst of the vast plain of the Campagna, nat-y h a v eOut « r,^u^and Savoyards are es»blished in the recken with a power which tramples upon the moBtersilflR??ersto1814. SUM*thebeginningoftheyw,LditffjSft£aitionrituxfathus;Theyhaveheld!>ubllc me^tingnlorisTheHfraULusesthesamelanguage. 3he.London/Wbelievc«atthepresenttv,tjues-Untitled Documentboard and canva*.may nightly see the fantastic imagination of Gustavo Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 