 „**MIf the $«r- r«mias<or hi*grier- ti he pw-Weonly »il^6» that his lawyer e*. «*Th«r»? bendD»- vetbeR*.ry. all &• * ;theircan-foa that, if il®, if <** A n d t W* gran*accuse tha mon—-tiiatBreckas- oas to the(0 SxeCVtfW TO sad paws m&talfestfc* r^eiat*, deoy r'onfhefla- licoa. party r*break a p s W •the wants? T ^MCwttik ttt ' ot, petfaaftvft towheUMTlt fothing BeS- Ccmaty, Ky., «n>dbeo«ww WSpOOdtMOAMthe" mark! 11 circu»- epublicaa*n case jo*i in ••a} can rule•••'« ' ^lower part of the city, was struck by lightning and at the avenues to the brain. Why should this good- At the time of this truly melancholy affair, there wase Brecfcrn- are?»J candidl Messrs.us! wheretvely, *** betweenacy? chee (ani r of late) ave those ach Toteri of those>ugh they italiy tibeone road any otherbrtunate.for Preei- >n would cau3e of sanism in of suo- ive State* •d to mike sectional"i Lincoln :rfriends >os;.taey He from 'test t i e icetoasor that We ex- lo oomi-Ticket, iout ex-at too 'wis this i Mxs-i -•_ Loak w Lincola d. npp-awcall for * :>r.«-- to the « • d>-Mon- itorcuiruv- *kfi of its* ' it o-rtais ibnd pitted *« withhs r»UUl«Iibe oxioabted-fn«4on», or •iole ia tbe Fthai b«-oxrr ride. b. e-'i4 wiK >*•wJanJMfr wove. L«t | »zzr*gat« »d 70,000. itr».*£^fth of BoremeatsUrn*these isand— wlfl, o .„•.•.-. and m .IMOQ< fet twenty-b<it EtUe. -'.-•• B u t trtrwngth of Lead*. W » 9 nambeis Orr*s »«t*>-•. &Uo the or but&aee. R*on- tadi- 1m. If -the•«nz the Old *S>s"<'i^raJ fly **d«f*c- «rftor*») DHk jbir«'s vote -Tt) U Zi»0 tt ich did not v..-i which ji?g. aswv «f the ro*« irdeairfrV* tot ioJfarior.>•*• w-J^ht d«Uy in re- fftoation Of? »body at a uWesay will not be. riori «r«" w»- , ha* been «m quality, 4tfc tbede- «* at that cm St. Jo- Tl;i<h<5id t n d the Pliot Mr' greatest *t OOD*pie- Mrt deoaso- •A vrsfce*,Of*ot CKS»*«r- 4v«vft-ettt •he present l>-»uMK>rMic r<-h in solid untold ia*canvass. Ihdeed, this success is what patriotic " three Washburns" in Congress, is not on thehof the improvement! W e confidently believe, how--ever, that more efficient and economical maoage- ridge managers here, who urged it by all the meanstheir return. lishing limited partnerships. John died some years then called up to hear the final action of the Court in earnest address in English, and then spoke in German, Second: The laws of registration and inspection in since. William bought a splendid farm. Robert was his case. Judge Allison addressed a few remarks to which was followed by an interesting service in Ger-' ^This intelligence is belieVed to be well founded. tiviee. Admiral Sir Alex. Milne, Comtnander of the —" Quite a scene is said to have occurred last week The parties then closed, and Caldwell succeeded ia PresidentLinoolnwilldoanythinginconnection andhasanchors. Mr.Huntwascarefultoaccom- ThePresident,haslongentertainedtheopinionthatthe BritishNorthAmericanandWestIndiafleet;SirAllen ononeofthecarsoftheCamdenandAmboyline,jus* throwinghisantagonistonthebed,wherehelefthfan with Shivery in the States where it exists. There plish his prophecy before he ventured to make it. African slave trade will never be suppressed, while McNab, Col. S. Tache. Hon. Colonels RoUo, Irvine, after leaving Princeton. Among those on the train and proceeded to the corner of Fourth and Vine streets, efforts for that purpose are confined to the pursuit and Napier, Wilmott and Connellj ; Messrs. Pennefather, was a lady, about 30 years of age. She was good- where he met a friend, related the circumstances as A joyful Oneida pilgrim from Syracuse writes to capture of slaves between the coast of Africa and the, Warre, Fegan and Basil Hall, were also present. looking, and attracted much attention from her air of they o«mrred, and stated his determination to at once Island of Cuba. To affect anything positive or perma- melancholy. A sun-burned but very handsome gentle- give himself up to the authorities; at the same no**•practically complete, and we are just beginning to coming North to convince people of that fact. hear the coasts of Cuba prove that we have done our John, and William succeeded the old firm in business, Henry Yanker. J. Buchanan Cross, the enterprising movement to give children moral instruction. The sam« duty in this respect, and this at an enormous expense, and his son Robert subsequently became one of the gentleman made a donation towards the tent. At 3 - reap its benefits. The bounteous Harvests of the The Journal of Commerce, which deprecates his for the support of the captured Africans, for their rascal, who escaped and was recaptured within the last o'clock a sermon was preached by the Rev. Robert W est are doubtless to be credited with some part appearance in the Free States, must back out, for transportation back to Africa, and for their liberal firm of J. and W. Kelly & Co. The brothers became ten days, was sentenced to five years' imprisonment for Thomas to a large and attentive audience. The Rev. the policy was determined upon by the Breckin- maintenance there during the period of a year after very wealthy, and retired from'active business, estab- forgery. The officer front whom Cross escaped, was Antbey Tiemaun, father of the late Mayor, delivered an•iflonor," he promised to do no harm to persons or prop- erty in Wood County, Texas, never to promulgate Abolition doctrines again, and never to re-appear in—People don't seem to know who William Kelly is* the Lone Star State. Then a Committee escorted himCoroner's inquest, was rearrested last night, and held to bail for his reappearance to-morrow. .Brown wn* buried to-day.4).--**When Abraham Lincolni> elected, what practical thingis sort. In his speech, the other evening, at Jersey tion the happy result of its efforts and sacrifices in the and his staff, the Earl of Mulgrave, Lord Lyons and few clouds raised by Mr. Belmont's new "family ing to have any intercourse with him, he retired lute he to do ia connection with Slavery ? I beUere the fintactof City, he said, that John Bell " w a s the ship which cause of humanity, and that the steady diminution of his Secretaries, the Members of Parliament,and a large drag" (with seats wide enough for three, and drawn the house.bfa Admiwiatrrtion will W to nationalise th^ p<tfty. Hewfllen- " would most safely carry us through the haven of this illegal traffic is accompanied by a corresponding number of private citizens. by four horses), that has just been introduced upon the Mr. Brown entered the hall immediately after Mr.«h*»ortostrengthenit Sooth,andmakeitacceptable.there. developmentofhonorableand.lucrativecommerceon Thescenewasmagnificent.Theharborwasalivewith Caldwell,whoremonstratedwithhim.and,telling:hia IGtea* appianae from the R«pubHc«na.] Is there a RepabHcaa "rest and security and peace." True for you, the coast of Africa, which promises in the course of river craft, gaily decorated; the shipping was dressed road. he did not wish to see him, retreated up stairs. \Ha that woold rote for him if he didn't hettere he would make his Mr. Hunt. You have safely sailed on that ship years to extinguish the slave trade in a most effectual anfl theyards manned, and the wharves were covered —The Rev. Dr. Kerr, of Pittsburg, Pa., now was closely pursued by Mr. Brown, when Mr. C. admfafatratton a National onet Why, then, doa't yoo make it manner. He regrets, however, that this agreeable vrith a dense crowd. sought refuge in bis private chamber and doted his. -the party of the ceastry before the election? Ihave no fears of into a very secure and peaceful harbor. The John prospect has been overclouded by the fact also com- The grand state dinner given to Lord Lyons, the traveling in Scotland, in a letter to The United Pretby. door, Mr. Brown either opened tbe door or forced ttthe Republican party. I have mingled in Congress for years Bell has ended her voyage, and is quietly laid up municated that this trade has again increased within British Ambassador at Washington, last evening, was terian, says, the worst feature witnessed in the pro- open, and confronting Mr. Caldwell, an altercation en-WithRepabUoans,andIharentheardthefirstmanofthemsay thetwolastyears,andthat preparations are being averybrilliantaffair. M«jor-GeneralSirWilliams,* "* ftt1| NEW-YOKK feAHiT TRIBUNE, MONBAVi AUGUST 20* i860. ., :.,•>the Federal Government. But he will use the•7: •-> }r->v•".•.(.•..-.vl i„.g|^^rf«MMWV"Amongtheprincipalspeakersata,Befl-Everett tempt. ^attficatw-n meeting at Brunswick, N. J., on thementandthatofherBritanicMajestyintheiresti- mate of the character of the African slave trade.Acrimsoncarpetwaslaidfromthepaviliontothe landingplace, near which there was a grand stand,26tih inat, was the Hon. J. Morrison Harris,There is no prophecy so safe as that which is 1The action of the Government of the United States filled chiefly with ladies.with a common sense that is rare in a Southern politician. We quote:1 '^V. *'• P;if*jj«*'.power and influence of the Executive arm to pre- The Albany Atlas that"IamaTammanyDemocrat;bnt I feel as.thoughwewerenent, the Baracoons on the African, coast must be bro- Movements of President Bncnanan. man entered the car in which the body in question was expressing the most soUcitous desire that a surgeon kenup,and the slaves prevented fromlandingtheir BEDFORD SPRINGS, Saturday,Aug18,1860. seated. No sooner had the partiesglancea at each shouldbeprocuredforthewounded man. Hwfriends>;:mm m. . wm$M- jMimm,.\jmmmr juw.a mi•.•v.*.-*'^.*,',., 'pfcU^l.,•'] ^ . ^ / . J ^ W ' - ^ ^ V i M . . , . * ^ ^ !aCSASI HI mr*(m ."•irTTTBi i|iBM like thb, oy «ay lormola of artthmetic Xa certain i»iKn», tlem to appear before him to show cause why the • iWhe. Slave and Coolie Traide. Tne Prince of Wales at Quebec. merous beyond precedent. The list of names Is worth identified and arrested, one *f whom u» William gttgRtAoraaeWaaicaiiMNMataMofetoe. Tn« mjiiu which tell Burr."orgodWaadaBftetoBrinsJiHf la human battles arenotdevoid of injunction shouldnotbemadeperpetuaL Now, we OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE WITH THE BRITISH" m- QUEBEC, Saturday, August18,1860. preserving as a cmriosfty* The female -peiTOHaers •s*alltruth. Rrredee*haee»eroeleatlatanzHiazieoflghtinglorher knownothingaboutthechargesagainstMcGinn; .in the•bap*ofalltobleaapirattonaand infloenoea. Thenntioa." GOVERNMENT.?Theweatherinthemorningwasnnpropmous;it wereTitiens,BorghirMamo,Pfccolomml,LottFdatta ' • • rainedheavily,butcleareduptowardthe time of tae Santa,MarieCabeLBrunetti,Lemaire,Vaneri,Mlchftl TERRIBLZ HOmCZtfE. Prince's arrivaL -,;.;',At3o'clockintheafternoontheroyalpquadron andAlboni. ThemaleswereGingum,Mongini, AUNITEDSTATESCOMMISSIONERSHOT AND KU/LEO.•v DEPARTMJEJTT OF STATE, ? . WASHINGTON, Aug. 10,1860. yI» imdwydaya pearmftrl,wbitary reroiation. The reactionary but itdoesseemtousthatthe' Judge wasprema-uooTtinectinUxorofSJa-reryUuow*aebbingtide. Tbeidea* ture,tosaytheleast,inenjoining*StateBoard,of theeartter age of the R«pnbHc ate agaia wheeling npward to acting under the same authority as himself, not to petch from Lord John Russell, dated the 11th of July, rounded PoLst Levi. Its appearance wae the signal for Belart, ViaTetti, Everadl, Aldigbieri, Gassier, Corsl,STR: Ihavetiehonortoinformyouthatthedis-ventsitsextensionintotheFreeTerritoriesofthe underobligationtodosomethingforMozart-HallDemocrats,aa cargoesinCuba; orjiflanded,theslavesmustbe %PresidentBuchananarrivedhereto-dayinexcellent otherthantheladyswooned. Onrecoveringherself, sdvisedbimtogowithhimatonce/toDr.Blackmail Union;andinthishewillonlybefaithfultothe theyhaveproventhemselvesworthyofconsideration,bydis- followedintotheinteriorandsetfreefromthepur- health. Hewaswarmlygreetedbythevisitorsand itappearedthatthegentlemaninquestionwasher andprocurehisassistance,andsuggestedthatafterthaspirit of the Jeflersonian ordinance of 1787. Mr. carding that piebald cabal of disorganizer*, at the head of whom chasers. Whenever her Britannic Majesty's Govern-, citizens. "husband, whom she had parted with ten years before— wound of the unftrtunate' man was attended to itstanding in States where it is not now tolerated,place in the next House.H e has earned it.not until then, in the President's opinion, willthe Afri- can trade with the Island of Cuba be abolished." But with this the Government of the United NStates has no right to interfere. •: <>H:\v '•.•:•.••'• ;:;'..••.mod also when he declares that he has no fears of«rB consequences from its success in the present Mr. Washburn of California, brother of " theIkilled instantly. A young man named Stephen Mc- looking lady, with her air of melancholy, and this no one in the house except the contending parties, Mrs.Keow was also killed in a house in the Sixth Ward. Caldwell having stepped into a neighboring residenceSix others were stunned, and an old ladys badly in- handsome though sun-burned gentleman have parted to visit an acquaintance. On learning of the demise reasons, which I proceed to state in the order in which jured. . - at all ? She, falling heir tothat Southern estate, ought of Brown, Mr. Caldwell proceeded at once with hk thepropositions have been made: — • , • . —:' to have saved him from his California trip and his con- friend and the rurgeon to Hammond-street Station-JFtrst.' A systematic plan of cruising on the coast. Tne JLate Storm in the Guif of sequent Bunburning. Why should the lady swoon? house, and delivered himself into the custody of Lien- .stands the Benedict Arnold of ' Salt Point' [John A. Greene], and at the tail the 'Sage of Bmghamton'" [Daniel S. Dickinson].ment shall think it proper in its discretion to enforce the provisions of the treaty with Spain referred to by Lord John Russell—by which the Spanish erown un- dertook to abolish the slave trade and accepted a sum ofAttorney General Black arrived here yesterday.Severe Tlmnder-Stprm at Newark.NpsWARK, Aug. 19,1860;A thunder-storm of unusual severity passed over this city yesterday afternoon. A farmer named Wm. Cor. by, of Orange Township, while mowing hay in thehe going to California to improve his fortunes, and she falling heir to a large Southern estate left hjer by a member of the family in which she had been teaching. Mutual explanations ensued, and the happy couple set out, as it were, on a second bridal tour."The item is unsatisfactory, and is positively danger- ous for perusal in the dog days, when^madness lurkswould be ample time to deliver himself into custody. This was cheerfully acquiesced hi by Mr. CaldweO, who went at once with Bis friend to Dr. Blackman's residence, and remained there while the surgeon pro- ceeded to the scene of tbe conflict. On arriving there he found Brown to be quite dead, an interval or fifteen minutes only having occurred between the time of the shooting and the visit of the surgeon.Harris is then right, both when he says that thexwult of Mr. Lincoln's election will be to fullynationalizetheRepublicanpartybygivingita objectiontoMayorWood'stakingJohnCochrane's £400,000toenableitthemorefastlytodoso—then,and—After this, we trust there will be lio DemocraticWhile, however, holding these general views, the President cannot give his assent to the propositions men everywhere ought t> desire and to labor for. Douglas, as has been reported, but on the Lincoln which have been submitted to him, for the followingIt will tend, as nothing else can, to settle the ques- tion of Slavery Extension, and to remove that agi- tating element from our politics.Electoral Ticket.If they were so happy to come together again, why tenant Small. He states that Brown called on bim, the night before, and songbt a controversy, which ha did they stay apart so long ? Evidently a chapter of avoided. He asks that public opinion may be Suspend- New-Orleans papers of Wednesday,, report addi- this romance has been omitted. "Mutual explana- ed until the matter shall undergo a legal investigation. Republican management till this year. In 1855, The heavy crop has drawn to the harveBt-fields men, The Spanish Government, so far from having given tional marine disasters by the late storm in the Gulf of tions" are all very well, but the public demands some- Mr. Brown was between twenty-eeven and twenty-A private letter fiom a friend in Wisconsin says: To this proposition would involve the necessity of a " The weather here is (Aug. 14) very fine and oopL treaty with Spain, to enable the cruisers of the United States to enter the waters of Cuba within a marineMexico.W ASHINGTON, Saturday, Aug. 18,1860.T H E N E W - Y O R K C A N A L S have never been under Harvesting will be very nearly completed this week. leacne from shore.women, and child.en; doctors, lawyers, and ministers. any intimation that a violation of its sovereignty to Mexico.eight years old, and, we believe, unmarried. *' [ByfolewaphlCINCINNA TI, Saturday, Aug. 18,1860. Tbe, Coroner's Jury in the case of Charles S. Brown, returned a verdict to-day that his death was caused bythe " Americans" carried their State Ticket, and The country villages have been deserted. Laboring this extent has, only recently, made the strongest com- The schooner Stephen Hotchkiss, from Mobile for thing more. : , <plaints to this Government against the cruisers of. New-York,withacargoof321balescotton,andadeckthe United States, upon the alleged ground that they load of roam, was dismasted and blown ashore near had captured slavers within Cuban waters. While, Passa Loutre. There was a probability of saving thetherefore, great Britain has already acquu^Kiethis right vessel and cargo. .by treaty, the United.States do not possess it, and their The storm swept the whole coast from the Florida\lican extravagance and excessive taxation. In suit of slavers as soon as they entered Spanish juris- » .. ' — .2859, for the" first time, a Republican Canal Board RECEIVED B Y diction—whilst the cruisers of Great Britain and Spain Steamship Star of the West.—Onthe29thofJulyapublicmeetingwascalledatQuitman, Texas, to consider what should be done withone J. E. Lemon. It appears that he was expelledputStateOfficers " on guard"who (as a body)took better ca? e of their own inte:ests than of peculiar to this harvest."From Washington. * practice. Already the good effects of the change Special Dispatchto The N. Y. Tribune.PERSONAL.of policy are manifest. The Tolls collected this - season up to the close of the second week in Au- gust amount to $1,342,106, against $784,918 uphe could not consent to any such arrangement, for it would violate the well established'policy of this coun-MEETING IN TBE LARGE TENT.—There was a veryby moonlight has been one of the interesting features." those of the State. In 1857, the Democrats suc-ceeded them by raising a clamor against Repub- THE LATEST NEWS, cruisers would, consequently, be arrested in the pur- Capes to Mexico. . .from the place in 1857, on account of his Anti-Slaveryproclivities. Since that expulsion he has been engaged a pistol-shot fired by George J. Caldwell in self-defense.could not only continue the pursuit until the slavesliad NEW-ORLEANS, Saturday, Aug. 18,1860.was elected. By that Board, the Canal Tolls were MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH. landed, but -could fellow them into the interior The steamship Star of the West sails from this port the citizens. After solemn deliberation, they compelledrevised, and on some items increased. Hitherto, reduction after reduction had been the unvaryingWASHINGTON, Aug. 19, I860.THE DISUNION HOWL.of the Island. It is proper, however to say, that for Havana on the 20th inst. while the President does not suppose the Governmentof Spain would enter into an arrangement with theUnited States similar to its treaty with Great Britain,Cauldwell, who was discharged by the police on the him. to sign a pledge, by which, upon his "sacred rendition of the verdict of justifiable homicide by thaamount will be swelled to ONE MILLION DOLLARSbefore navigation closes. The Enlargement is for tile preservation of the Union, and that he is The success which has already attended our efforts he resided in Cliff street near John street.- His sons Saturday, sentenced to be hanged for the murder of Sabbath-school teachers of both sexes to join in the-Canal Commissioner.joint stock companies are established at Havana, for the purpose of prosecuting the African slave-trade un- ruption, but only a suspension of relations by the der the eye of the island and with perfect impunity, it would be vain to expect the Registrars throughout the the City had to suffer at Syracuse. In truth, i'' secession of the Cotton States, and that they will country would counteract the policy of their superiorsvengeance were ever justifiable, it is in the presen return by the mediation of the grain and tobacco by faithfully performing their duty.m •MYSTERIOUS DEA TH OF AN EDITOR'S DACGHTER-^-SLTPOSED OUTBAGE AND MURDER.—A correspondent of The Utica (N. Y.) Herald writes that the village of Mohawk has been thrown into great excitement; byan excursion down the bay at New-Bedford on Satur- napping of a free black man,-' Waggoner. He was canal at that place. The circumstances, as they ap-day afternoon, at "3£ o'clock, accompanied by their about to be gold because he could not prove that he had peared on tbe Coroner's inquest, are thus narrated;brethren of the craft in that city; . not at some time been a slave; a process of law stayed " Abbey Kelley Bowe, daughter of O. Ai Bowe, de-The Leaderymight be embarrassing. to talk than to act.It is a great deal easierthe organ of Tammany Hall, sounds a gaHant t o t e of battle to be waged against the—It will he remembered that, some months ago, muchexcitement arose in Cincinnati on account of the kid- the finding of the dead body of a young girl in theAlbany Regency, in return for the humiliation tha the representatives of the regular Democracy ofThey say that there will be no full and final dis-case. As between Tammany and Mozart, betweengrowing Southern States, upon. stipulation by the Third: A plan of emigration from Cuba, regulated by the agents of European nations, in coniunction with—At the recent commencement of Middlebury Col- the sale, andjnow, after much delay, the Court has re- legethedegreeofLL.D.wasconferredontheHon. turnedhimtofreedom..,ceased, and formerly editor of'TJie Herkimer Journal, leftFrankfortontbenightofthe10thinst.forHerki- mer on tbe cars. Arriving at that place about 9J, sheCagger, Sanford E. Church, and their special allies, Dean Richmond having hid no part in it.It was a mean and heartless act.The Tammany men threaten to take vengeanceby cutting the Soft Slate ticket, and giving all their strength to Brady and Viele. W e have some faith that they will execute their threat; and all impartial people must applaud a course of action which will administer summary justice to fellows likeCagger,Church,andWoodalltogether.Buchanan and Mr. Douglas. The question arises, "What are Democratic principles ?THE WITHDRA W AL OF MR. BRECKINRIDGE.I hear from a gentleman of entire trustworthi- nessthataletterisintownfromMr.Breckinridge deprecating his position, but leaving it to his friends to decide whether the interests of the Democratic party would be subserved or not by his withdrawal from the canvass.A pamphlet for general circulation has just been issuedbytheBreckinridgeCommittee.•of-the-way island, where he lived a Robinson-Crusoe life until.lately, when an Ameriean vessel touched there and brought him to this country. The awkward thing about this was that when Fleury went dway he left a wife and two or three ohildren behind him, whokept charge of his business in his absence, aided and abetted by a Mr. Webber, who acted as chief clerk. MTB. F . was disconsolate for the loss of her lord, and lest her grief would kill her outright, she consoled her- self by marrying Webber. Tee consternation may be imaginedwhenthe.astoundingintelligencewascon- veyed to the Webber household that Fleury was alive, and, worse than that, was on his way to claim his worldly goods and his disconsolate widow. Fleury luckily has not yet turned up, and the reporter that set the story going is out with an apology to MTB. W., and in^he most obliging way in the world he promises to retract the statement, and if this does not satisfy all concerned, he intimates that he will make a vacancy for Fleury if he should turn up, by fighting Webber in single combat. There i£ nothing like an accommodat-next day after the; announcement of the death of PrinceJerome Bonaparte, I eaw his wife*—Mies Patterson—now near her eightieth year, walking out, in her usualcostume, unconcerned as if nothing had happened.She certainly knew the fact; but knowing her eccen-tricities, I was not surprised. It is no uncommonthing to see this venerable lady in the public martsattending personally to business. She often collectsher own rents, and takes a flirt at stock speculationsThe health of Havana is generally good for this sea- son of the year, and the weather fine.There was no other local news of interest. Th* 7 day of departure of the Quaker City being a feast day, business was generally suspended.The quotations of the Sugar market we annsx:Though a coalition between Messrs. James To the Associated Tress.the spring roads and gulches, overflowing the sluiceB,woman. Thereisadeepstoicismand unbendingphilosophy, coupled with independence, in her compo-60dnjH,1 I|$Coehtpremium;New-YorkauaotherNorthern cllies, 60 dajs, fftl & cent premium; New-Orleans, shart, * » 4 ^ ceDt premium.zens of Irish birth oi name from the ticket. Of GarJand, Benjamin Randolph, J. H. Cox, J. B. Elh>-BOSTON, Aug. 19, i860.noon at North Chelsea, was quite successful. There tions, but it was done without my knowledge, and mythe thirty-nine candidates, bat one is presumptive- ly of European birth, and he is a German. Yet the Irish must give nearly half- the votes polled for this ticket if it is to come within sight of an election.wortb, G. H. Bowe, G. W. Brunt, Israel Robinson, J . A . Legg*tt, G. P . Hodge, G. W . Hopkins, C. T . Stuart, and W . G. Brown. <were 8,000 to 10,000 people pi esent. Exhibitions va the °manly a r t " were given by McDonald and Cusick, Jones'and Price, and lastly by Heenan and Ottignon. Giimore's Band furnished the music. With tbe exception of a few slight fights outside the inclosure, there wus no disturbance. The town authorities did not interfere. . " -BOSTON, Saturday, Aug. 18, looU. The valuation of the Citv of Boston, for i860, showsan increase of $13,000,000 "over that of last year.professional and other business engagements have served for some time past to deprive me of leisure for miscellaneous literary pursuits. I therefore beg of you the favor not to insert my name in your next list, andwhen but 40 years of age, married Miss Polly Burr, afair damsel of 61 years, possessed of $1,200 in cash and Fifty-fourth street, near the Ninth avenue, and fetatly8The Convention has directed the Electors to vote for An effort is being quietly made throughout our Dooclas, if he can be elected. If he. cannot be elected, State, to drop Lt.-Gov. Campbell at the Republi- then to vote BO as to beat Lincoln. The Convention—Strakosch receives $2,500 for providing the music at the Prince of Wales festival at Montreal.—On the morning of July 23, the Peon Indwcns, 11in number, working at the'San Pedro mine^ia Arizonaheadquarters of the St. Louis Mining^Company, aroseand surprised the whites, murdering them, and de-can State Convention this week, and some are engaged in it who support Gov. Morgan. As weknownogroundofoppositiontoLt Gov.C.whichits authors are willing to avow, and as he ranprefers Bell to Breckinridge.—•'•Virginia Breckinridge Convention.CHARX.OTTXSVILX.K, Va., Saturday, Aug. 18, lobU.In the Breckinridge and Lane Democratic btate Con- vention yesterday', a resolution was adopted modifyingAward of a Contract. Loui3ViLLK, A u g . 19, 1860.disunion issue into practical operation, which thingernment are well aware that the price, of sugar and the demand, for labor afford the slave-trade profits which enable him to corrupt the authorities, whose duty it is to thwart and defeat this criminal enterprise," and iffeet from the roof of a building, on Friday 'last, and was instantly killed.—Mr. William B. Astor, son of John Jacob Astor, of this city, is said to be worth, at least, $25,000,000.—The Agate Club of printers from New-York, madetime, must, however, be continued until the 1st of Sep- . ember, as a punishment for this indiscretion. Athat time he might resume his duties.NorththataSlaveCodeshallbeenacted,andthat theChiie^eauthorities. ItisnotprobablethatLord IFernando Wood on the one side and leaders like the Free States shall restore all runaway negroes. John Russell expected this Government to unite in John Clancy and William D. Kennedy on the forming suchaplanof emigrationfrom China; for,if Foolish as this sort of talk seems to be to parties he h£d entertained this idea, he would scarcely have other, there is no question which ought to have who have some claim to intelligence, nevertheless omitted "the agents" of the United State3 from anyA. G. Dana, M. D;, of Brandon, Vt. Dr. Dana wentmany years since from Massachusetts to Vermont, a singular will. It declares that the greater part of his she got out at the tavern to go to her boardinMioase. where he has since resided, having been a physician fortune shall go to the man with the largest hump on which was the la*t seen of her alive. At about IIJreceived the preference at the Douglas State Con- vention. Wood, an old enemy, treacherous in war and unfaithful in peace, was t>ere with a set of delegates whom he alone had appointed; Tam- many, long-tried and always true, was representedparticipation in its regulation. Nor can the President ehare in the anticipation of her Britannic Majesty's Government, that tne Coolie trade can be put on any such footing as will relieve it of those features of fraud and violence which render the details of i»s prosecution scarcely less horrible than those of the middle passage; and he is of opinion that it would exert a most delete- rious influence upon everv portion of this country to import into it Chinese Coolies as laborers.—AwealthypersonofFlorence,justdeceased,hasleft theretookthe omnibus for Mohawk; arrivingthere, o'clock her screams were heard by neighbors living notit is substantially the view of leading Breokinridge-and surgeon of high repute, President of the VermontState Medical Society, and closely connected with thepolitics of the State, beside devoting much time to gen- humpbacks! To recompense the bitter for their fetruggling in the water, and went to her assist *ao«, eral literature. trouble, he directs that, in addition to traveling ex- but too late to save her. A boat was obtained, and heriteshere. *THE VIRGINIA BRECKINRIDGERS.•his back in all Tuscany, and the persons entrusted with the duty of selecting him shall be themselves twelvefar distant from tbe spot where" her body was found. She was also heard by some boatmen who eaw her•It is stated that many of the Charlottesville Con- vention were ready to bolt had not a resolution been adopted authorizing the Electors to vote anybody recovered in about two hours' after her screanut —Prof. James Bryan of Philadelphia has resigned penses, each shall be presented with a gold medal were beard. It is stated that the boatmen saw two-by men each of whom was the choice of a genuineDemocratic constituency. Yet the Convention way to defeat Lincoln. This Convention has set In the States where the institution of domesticthe Chair of Anatomy in the New-York Medical Col- lege, Thirteenth street.bearing the effigy of JEeop, their prototype.—The Baltimore correspondent of The New-Yorkmen leaving tbe spot in their shirt sleeves soon after her screams were heard."a i •• ';FKOM HAVANA.—The United States Mail steamer Quaker City. R. W. Shufeldt, Commander, arrived at this port yesterday afternoon (Sunday) from Havana,took its ancient and oily foe to its bosom, and cast up a political platform of ita own, two planks of Slavery exists, these heathen Coolies would demoralize shame and contempt upon its sincere and earnest the peaceful, contented, and orderly slaves, very many friends. This we are told was the doing of Peter whicharehostileto measuresurged byboth.Mr. of whom are sincere. Christians;' and in the Free—A etory was Started a few days ago by one of the Times has the following, in a recent letter:The firct United States mail to. this region arrived last night, causing much rejoicing. General dissatis- • More army general courts-martial than usual have faction had previously existed at its being withheld afterThe brig Dolphin of the Brazil Station has been or- dered hone, and will enter port at Norfolk.sels and punish all American citizens *engaged in it.the Island of Cuba, by which the employment of slaves liberally educated, and graduated with the highest him, in which he reiterated that it had not for one mo- man, which.attracted a large concourse of Germana. Some ofthesame parties now express the hope that imported contrary, to law might be detected by the* honors of Columbia College. He took a deep interest In the evening an interesting prayer-meeting was held. Republican State Convention which meets this Spanish authorities. ment been the belief of the Court that the escape had Notice was given that every Wednesday evening theroment have much to do with it. W e entreat the in their power. '• ." ;week at Syracuse to disregard individual aspira- New York may go for the joint stock Douglas and After what has been said, it is unnecessary to state in literary and charitable institutions, and;died jB, year been through any connivance on his part; it had been would be held in the tent a Temperance Meeting, andBell ticket because if New York fails Mr. Lincoln, that the Government of the United States could not ask or two since in this city., . .t i o n s a n d **. t h e s h r i e k s o f l o c a l i t y , " a n d g i v e u s S p a i n • t o p a s s s u c h l a w s o f r e g i s t r a t i o n . B u t i f t h i s ! — M r . J o h n B . G r e e n , a m u c l i r e s p e c t e d a n d w o r t h ytheverystrongestandfittestmantheycanfindfor thenmatters^cannotgototheHouseasthey,wereotherwise,itisquitecertainthatsuchlawswouldthe result of an imprudence and indiscretion only. on each Thuredav evening Col. Stone, the convertedi n f i d e l , i s e n g a g e d t o t a k e c h a r g e o f t h e p r a y e r - m e e t i n g . Thesentenceofsuspensionfromhispositionasanoffi- Thegreatestorderprevailed.desire, and they will be called upon to put their have no practical effect. For, if " Her Majesty's Gov- citizen of Washington, Ga., fell a distance of about 40 cer of this Court, which was imposed on him at theStates, they would be brought into competition with our own respectable and industrious laborers, whether of native or foreign birth, who constitute so large a portion of our bept citizens.I avail myself of this opportunity to renew to you, Sir, the aasurtnee of my high consideration..WM. HENRY.TRESCOT,ActingSecretary. To W. DOUGLAS IKVIXG, esq. .News from I>enver City.ST. JosEr-H, Saturday, August 18,1860. Denver City advices to AugUBt 11, state that the quartz mills are becoming successful in saving the gold, and that many of them are yielding from $75 to $100perdayintheGfegoiydiggings.The consolidated ditch is turning its water through•W ASHINGTON, Aug. 19,1860. filling up the pits, and doing thousands of dollars worthBrooks 6c Co. on the one side, and Peter Cagger &Co. on theother, was, finally effected, there were verystiong repugnances on both sides to overcome. On"behalf of the adopted citizens, or rather, in defer-ence to their supposed prejudices, it was agreedthat uo conspicuous, adhering member of theKnow-Nothing orea&izatioa should be placed on recently been ordered in various parte of the country. tlie commencement of the contract time. General be-sition, which one out of a thousand, male or female,does not possess. Her every thought is replete with Batavis, with 343 coolies; Aug. 13, steam*ir Star of the w c a ,Alexander W.-Buell of Michigan has been appointed Coisul at Honolulu, and John A. Parker of Virginia Consul at Lahaiaa; the former in place of Mr. Pratt, and the latter in ihe place of Mr. Chandler, both re- called.of damage to the mines and qusrtz mills. The Black Hawk Mill alone has suffered to the amount of over $5,000, and a suit has been brought againBt the Consoli- dated Ditch Company in the Miner's Court, to recover the damages.favoritism for royalty. Republics she esteems com-,mon, ungrateful; and now, though a citizen of ourdomain, and without anything special to plume her-self upon touching imperial favors, she lives in theideal of la belie France. Her greatest ambition is to 35 Howard street, got into an altercation with Georgehear of her grandson—young Jerome—now in the Forth, the barkeeper, about some trivial matter. French army, rising to honor and imperial distinc-tion. A large portion of her annual income, which is Forth became greatly enraged, and seizing a loadedvery large, is appropriated to his service. At her de whip, beat Day over the head with it until he was in- mise, it is presumed, he will inherit her entire for-' sentible. ' Day was conveyed to the New-York Ho#-One will meet here on the 11th of September. lief existed that t,he Csntral'OvBrland Mail and Pike'sPeak Express1 C'ompanv, which received twenty-five, ing spirit in the reporting business or any other.iht ticket, yet this pledge was violated in the desig-nation of Lorenzo Burrows, late K. N. Controller, Virginia I>ouglas State Convention. cents on each letter to and from the States, had in some —We have just received the following letter, which, tune, as she IB not on terms of intimacy with her son pital, where he now lies in a precarious poattiocuasoneoftheElectors. Ontheotherhand,theprejudices of the few Rnow-Nothings " who believein it," were humored by the total exclusion of citi-STACNTON, Va., Saturday, Aug. 18,1860. Late laet night a Douglas Electoral ticket wasadopted, as follows: •George Blow, H. L. Hcpkina, J. B. Stoveall, Jatcesway prevented VB arrival.Bneinees continues dull in all the towns.though porbaps not intended for publication, may with- out impropriety be laid before our readers:here."- Forth and Wffliam Wilbeck, the proprietor, were ar- —The Danbv.ry (Conn.) Jcffersoniari narrates an rested, and fully committed to prison by JusticeThe Convention adjourned this monious fession of three days.evening,aftera har- _injured. He was removed to his home in the neigh- about twice as much in.land.' They lived not a very borhood. /felicitous life together, the doctor being in the habit of getting drunk and flogging his tender spouse, till aboutsix months ago they were divorced. Quite recently —The Savamtah (Ga.) A'etcs states that tha cause <rf Breckinridge and Lane is gaining ground rapidly inthe doctor came billing and cooing to his former wife, that section. Th* reported Douglas meeting ia Mcln- and July 16 they were married again. The sturdybrothers of Polly strongly objected to the second mar- toeh County recently was a bogus coaowm..riage, it being rumored that shehad made a will giving MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE OK A GERMAN.—A her entire property to her loving doctor. The account Oernmn, named Wendelein Gruf, residing at No. 4The Convention denounced the Charlottesville Com- mittee of Conference aB treacherous', and coademed severely the course of the Administration.I am, respecetfully," bewburyport, Aug. 16, I860."C. CUSHING.nearly or quite at the head of the Republican StateTicket two years ago, and has done nothing since the Electoral ticket, and appointing Senators Hunter canal, and the building of new locks, to Theodore B.John C. Moss, Chemist and Assayer, James Williams, Machinist. William M. Williams, General Superin- tendent of the mine, had left for Fort Buchanan, only a few hours before, for supplies, thus providentially escaping the. terrible fate of his companions Th^bursting in the door. The proprietor was busy clear-ing away the supper table, and appeared quite tameand domesticated. The intruders seized him violently,tore his coat, vest, and shirt off from him, threw him but without finding his body. His family, who are ex-to forfeit his popularity, but much thatshould /strengthen it, we trust this intrigue will be rebuked most effectually.Mr. Justice Sutherland has interfered in behalfof a pilot named McGinn, who was about to betriedbytheBoardofPilotCommissionersfora thepathmarkedoutbyDouglasleadirectlytotheviolation of the roles under which he holds his Abolition camp. ~The speeches of Senators Mason and Hunter haveCanal Tolls.ALBANY , Saturday, Aug. IB, xoou.The Canal Tolls for the second week ot August 18WJlioexse, by i*«uing an injunction restraining the been requested for. publication.Tne Agate Club. aNKVVBEDFORO. Aug. lo, low.Theater,inLondon,ispronouncedaijninousoneto scream*wereheardhalfamile. Mr.Hullandother FIREINWEST FORTY-THIRD STREET.*-^ Satur- the manager. He expended over £15,000 ($75,000) neighbors arrived, and the lynchers ran. The injured day night, a fira occurred in the match-factory of B. «- in stage furniture, chandeliers, mirrors, carpets, sofas, couple were taken to the residence of Mr. Hull during D. H. Howard, Noe 337 and 339 W**t Forty-thinfCommissioners from trying tae case, and citing journed rilie die.York to-day.moved the next day. Three of the men have U<?ea •khi the. tfamUtoa insarauctt Cv*and Mason, ex-Gov. Wise, and Messrs. Smith and Kus- sell, as Electors. , . . , _ .A resolution was also adopted, instructing the Elec- tors, if Mr. Breckinridge cannot be elected, to vote as a unit, so as to prevent the election of Mr. Lincoln.The correspondence" between the two ConventionsBarbon & Co. of New-York, thejr'i being the loweet and best of twen.tv-six bids. ;'•""":jected. tolls since the opening, ** **o in* Atto last year -Senator Mason,in his speechto-day,declaredthat $784,919.for help,: screaming TMurder! murder!' till she was —The opera season,juBt dosed'at her Majesty's knockeddownandstrangledbyoneofthemen. The" THE TRIBUNEJ in its list last year of persons ready to receive applications to deliver lectures, inserted my The Heeran welcome, which took plaoe this after- name. This, I am sure, was done with friendly inten-occurrence in the neigboring town of Ridgefield, whichappears somewhat out of place in that " land of steadyhabits." Dr. Samuel P^.Baxter, some five years ago,Steers. ,FATALLY INJURED.—Win. Ervald, a boy nine ysao* of age, was kicked in the head last night by a horse, iaTne Heenan Weleome.The Canal Commissioners have' awarded the contract for the enlargement of the Louisville, and Portlandeampiiig -with the moveable property. The murderedmen were Frederick Brunckow, Mining Engineer, was visited by three or four men, who entered byshows that all overtures for a compromise were re- were $93,821. In 1859 tbey were t g W ^ W the Peons had been unfonnally treated with kindness. $1,342,106; ditto last yearMeantime the doctor yelled furiously, and Polly criedligent. When last seen he wa* dressed in a pair of black pants, black coat, brown vest, and drab soft hat.'.. -'. -''I*'' •'.' • '''•*$•',Q ia/tnrMulberry place, Newark, N. J. <bft hi*home on th# oth mst., for the purpose of visttijug a frisnd in South Market street, since which time no trace of him can be» found. The police have instituted a diligent and thor- ough search, and have used every possible meaaa to ascertain his whereabouts. The river has Won dragged,• fK9K:>"; • m•1860, which you read me, and a copy of which you left a general salute from the men-of-war in the harbor, Ciampi; S. Roncomi, Castelli and Steger. The dan-' From The OimrfttnaM Enfufrtr, A«f. 18.It becomes our duty to chronicle a deed of Wood which occurred last night, which, however ja*ttft*W» underthecircumstancesitmayhavebeen,isstillsad realized $400,000 from the and terrible in its results. About 8 o'clock last eveaistt Charles R. Brown, esq.. United States Commissioner, was shot and killed, under the following circumstaa***, byMr.GeorgeJ.Caldwell,book-keeperforAlfredWood, auctioneer, No. 9 West Pearl street:It appears, from such information as we oonld bartfly upon this subject has been so long continued, so con- The Prince laxded at 4 o'clock, under salutes from port by the briuiant bruiser Heenan, was told at the glean, that for several months peat there baa be*** a M.C,ofMaryland.Thisgentlemanspokeofthemadeaftertheconsummationoftheeventpre- sistent,andissofamiliartothecivilizedworld,thatI theships-of-warandlandbatteries,andwasmetby timebyourcorrespondent. Alaterwriterfromthe badfeelingexistingbetweenMr.BrownandMr, OKepobliieaapartyar.ditsPresidentialcandidatedicted.Wisdomissure,insuchacase,tobejust- canproperlyrefertoitastheclearestandstrongest theMayorandcivicdignitariesofQuebecandthe gayresortreportstheobscurationonlypartial Caldwellinregwdtotheadjustmentofacertainlegalihesentth. W e have the atronywt faith that all t b j s w m b ejaade apparent oy the zea^ok of the appxoaohing oooteat, aad that BOwb«e will ft b* mourf »trikingly vi*ible than ia our own State, ifweRepublican*bntmakeaneffortcommensuratewiththe pceepeota before a s .investigate the aleged misconduct of one of their at this Department, has been submitted to the Presi- the citadel, and the town. s>'•'...-\.'•':-••%• v f / 3 y" cers were MdUes. Pochini, subordinates. .It is just such hasty, ill-advised, dent, with its accompaniment of printed documents The citadel, Durham terrace, the grand battery, andrelativetotheCoolietrade. Hehasgivenamostcare- theroofsofthehousesfacingSt.Lawrenceblockwere AmaliaFerrais.Cucchi, Moriaoobi anduncalled-for and unauthorized proceedings as this ful consideration to the three propositions which you black with spectators.^-r^$]i^i^^^^j^that bring the administration of law into con-, have been instructed to make. It isunneceseary to ex- • press, in reply, the perfect agreement of this Govern-At Cbamplain wharf a pavilion had been erected, from the top of which waved the royal standard.sale of a patent plow, has given one half of that amount totheMethodistChurch,South,—How "the handsome tenor" was eclipsed at New-ified, and the foolishness of failure has no dread for manifestation of its opinion, and I am instructed to say members of the Canadian Cabinet, in official uniform, as the B . B . was requested to leave the hotel! And claim. Last evening, Mr. Brown called upon Mr. that the President learns with great pleasure fromLord the Anglican Bishop and clergy of Quebec, the Bishop Caldwell, at his residence. No. 167 Elm street, be- the seer. Mr. Washington Hunt is a prophet of this John Russell's communication, that her Britannic and clergy of the Roman Catholic church, the Gover- now the single B drives his ponies with proud dash, tween Fourth and Fifth. Mr. Caldwell was standing Majesty's Government can at length see with satisfac- nor General, the Commander of the Force* in Canada kicking up all of. the dust, with the exception of a on his steps as Mr. Brown approached, and, not wish-ceedings of the National Assembly of the Scotch Pres-Slavery." vessel, which is a vessel without spars, sails, or trade en a most extensive scale by means of an asao- Crimean campaign, at present commander-in-chief of byterian Church has been the number of cases of ball from which penetrated the body of Brown•hat they w*te going to interfere ywith the institution of in ordinary, her crew transferred to a receiving made u in Island of Cuba" for the prosecution of the—Nobody who isn*t a fool can suppose that rigging, but is reckoned a ship because she floats oiat on. •'• '•• •'• $]';&%&>?&.•. the royal troops m this colony7 was present at the fes ministerial drunkenness with which it has had to deal. on the right aide between the seventh and eighth rib*.the institution is placed beyond the jurisdiction ofFenwick Williams of Kara, the celebrated hero of thedrew a small revolver, and fired one barrel, t*t«try not to interfere in the domestic concerns of foreign More than half a century ago his father Robert Kelly, out of the country. The Houston Telegraph, whose interesting series of services in the tent yesterday. In nations, nor to enter into alliance with foreign govern-ments. This Government has maintained and will a pennilees Irishman, landed on our shores. At first editor appears to tremble in unison with all the Texans, tbe morning at 9and at 2 o'clock p. m , a large numberNew and strange ideas are certainly given out by"tothesametimelastyear. Theincreasein1860 theBreckinridgeleadershere. Thelastisthat continuetomaintainanavalforceintheneigborhood hegotaporter'ssituation,and,afterwardsgotintothe says:"Underthecircumstances,thiswastreatinghim ofchildrenassembledforSabbath-schoolexercises.Ais thus considerably over Half a Million Dollars,- and there is now reason to hope that this cheeringdry goods business, and finally established the house of Kelly, Morrison, and Clawson, in this city, and diedwith excessive and dangerous moderation."of Cuba for the enforcement of its own laws.It will to the utmost extent of its power put downgentleman from the South offered a premium of $2 for the child who would bring the largest number of ohil- dren in the School the next Sabbath; and as there are but few teachers, it is hoped that this notice will induoaeverybody in the Cotton States is for disunion, ifMr. Lincoln be elected; that Mr. Yancey is almostthe only man in the South who is really at heart this abominable traffic, and capture all American ves- wealthy many years since. At the time of his deathin publishing a paper in Indiana. About a month ago Caldwell was then discharged.he returned to Texas, and was immediately seized by CINCINNATI, Aug. 19,1860.—At the Oyer and Terminer sessions, held at Phila- delphia, James Miller and George W . Riehl were, onNew-Oileans papers that a Mr. Fleury, who was sup-posed to have gone down with the ill-fated Arctic, hadbeen in some mysterious manner carried off to an out- up to the present time. Passing along our streets the which port she left on Wednesday, 5th inst., at 1 p. mu" A matter, rather singular, forcibly impressed itself upon me some weeks ago, but I neglected nothing itwhen the fever is up. At all times an elegant Muscovado*s, fy to 9 do.crown jewel, glittering with diamonds of the purestwater, is displayed upon her forehead, whileher arms are < vchite, skin smooth and tender asa maiden of sixteen. She is really a remarkable Exchanges—London, 60 days, lii'S'lif'tn-nt premiamiParU,proceeds:" O n Tuesday, the 7th inst., the house of Baxtertremely distressed at his absence, believe that he is still in the city, and,have offered a reward for any informa- tion concerning him. Mr. Graf is represented as being.object of the murderers was undoubtedly plunder, a • head, and plastering it upon his boiy with then* hands. a man of steady und industrious habits, and wry intel-Amid the greatest euthosiasni the Convention ad- The Agate Club sailed for Providence and New and other costly fittings, and hia company was nu- the night, and properly cared for, the tar being re^ street, oansisg damage to the amount of $300. laaorwlUntitled Document. pouring it uponsued,whichendedinascuffle,daringwhich,CaldweKFor No. 12, 8£ to 9 reals p«r arroba; Whites from It to 121 d».; Stock on handid"at IHavana and Matanzaa amount to ohovt S<?0, Wboxen, sgainirt 265,000 boxes same time last year. MOUSOM Cl*y«d per keg 31i®37i<:. Mtwcorwlo 46®50c. perl keg of 84 «al*. Freuats have been snstaned at name prices itinoe hurt adVle**.Arrived Aug. 10, American ship Stagbound, from Swatao as* from NeW-York, sailing same day for New-Orlesns.PROBABLE HOMICIDE.—On Saturday night, a man named William Day, while in the drinking saloon No. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comtJUnmmBBgaaaaasgaaasaEaaeaaaflea.— - — .mm •:' 