 «•y-» £NEW YORK—thto.theMhiJOHN J. , , C A. Baoccaw, Secretary of State.HERALDt ,.. in.,., i; in in nr089i'HII iimino—•*to make up her•WBWMKMto^^^^!' fjwuwuuu.«jm><JLujSS5?**^level, ta this county, tast three or tearfwtmli svpnwtA kmt. Take ^LATBBTTWFplace a slaveALABAMA COAST GCABB.The Mobile SHaaw* Bays thai^CMBC^ft *J*r*Zgrd rata schooner, BMBaaefi tarnW S g T V l f c ou board fifty hardy, active,which be intends to defend the beginning of s new navy..„ , .... ,-^^^T^aiinaa gPBCTAL BuTBSAOB Off eWvaWCBITo TBBHoc** or ItanoBBBSttitrsBi--^ __1 takenJU"Xttsapted agata. Deapatehea were arnt from bare aa aeonas Mwas-fsawrn, tafcrmtog lacpeople there of tba fact, that Maryland will_I* leave New Orleans en bit last tstov, pes* down yesterday with oae bundled men armed a n t aquasped far resistance, should the tame roans be at-tBraetea tka peace, tpsaaftr-"saw taadlki pottay1require that sheted she chance* of a txm depend eutuely oa the truth of the reportefficient meaanres for the teeth.1 jTta staBOcamtng a Pea peapl* to close their eye* to th* ' when she can do do it witb honor and safely to bersetf.FLORIDA.grntacr or A FBOM A rLoaiDA wacnun of December A. D. 1860. By tba «•*«• —>,^ ^ ^ic^rn^outoftbereoognttiBBbytataeenatitB-af taw right of property ta staves, so long and so ate regard for the interests of ber people. She will notto A FBIBSDw THIS cm.Florida wilt unquestionably secede from the Union. Tbe sentiment bare ia unanimous for it, and ibe onlygaestion aaema vo be whether It •ball take place imme- diately or watt tba action of Georgia and Alabama. Th»ansTfrv dfcct>aed, has at last culminated ta th* adoption hurry cat panic stricken and ta confusion, like inhabi- tm s burning city, leaving everything to perish* < •ad act with tba disunion States; andthe iaexpressedthattincotton Stttotmaybecates that "Freedom ia triumphant," and "that slavery MovtTtln wn," are self-evident propositions.neither acts ta tbe ptaes of tbe other, sad either with- drawn, these interests will be abandoned to wither and die. Suewillconsenttoremovetbeprotectioncfneither until she shall bsve first organised a substitute to take Itstbe Soothern States would, ta *BBBejBBjBBBt •Base, b icg then in doubt gad aEatartatan.united, that a peaceable secession may b e obtataed.LOUISIANA.OCB N E W OBLBJOtB COHJUtSFOWDINC*.NEW OBISAXS, Dae. IT, lSSfi,SeotmUm ef Stmtk Carolina— Iu Cam* and Kfeet—Letttr from R. B. Bmrrem, ef Louisiana—fttilmre of Storn Cnim Mmtimf ontkeCriti* i* NewutgefOu oassaer* JK->» AmettMm WJaajirfiwai ef fat State KieeutiretoSubmitActonsa/Cs*re*k'*-*»totadktrm aVtXato Jftaj. Ma*, AfetvfetWea /fcrItisa*,nuttedthateachStatemostdecideforherself both the mode and measure of redress for present and1designedtolayaWrW^BBw*SfllrVis*Bar1brieflyas possible, m y convictions touching the abstract legal rightiaaMCbatawWaa</e., <fe.JatruWsArticlea *Chevalier Webb,Before thi* letter can reach you, the telegraph wfll a aIn the conversation I had with you tins morning, you werepoci enough to explain more fully the views aad intecU as of liawawaaat m this mattes her deaire thatdoubt have kaformed yoar reader* of tba solemn fast ear Legislature sbeulu also appoint aammimioaara to meet those of other Southern states; ami that action atthat fouta Carotiaa baa resumed bar aovereig n righto as aa independent State, and withdrawn from tba Uaiaa. To-day tba leading distinguished men of that State have aaaamblai together in Oonveatloa ta throw off all tie* uf allegiance which bound them to a constitution desecrated,Tlolatad and ahattarad by a powerful sectional fanaticism,dhaeaslasted throughout New England by the demonia-once be bad by all the Southern States for the formation of a new government among themselves.ILe portion of Maryland, as a small. Southern border State, readers the exeraamor any power 1 may possess for the purr>sos Indiestat by you, a matter of very grave importance. <&>Our State is unquestionably identified with he South era States in feeling aad by the institutions and habits which prevail among as.* But she is also con ervative, and, above all thircs, devoted to the I'Dion of th-.'se State*: BXBCTIONAt a recent ejection in Natcbes, Mtos..he State Convention, the following resultosiah WtocheaterAkxander K. EarrsrE M. Btockbura..... «*£*• P*»•••.»«»• »^• . . . .G.M. Marshall f . - " v - - v . v v . n t - f Tbe only county precinct beard from adds seven to tat majority a s p eased above. Messrs. Winchester and Far. rar ran open tbe issue of resistance within the Unioa, cooperation of the Southern States to demandredressof all grievances, a n d a united South to obtain our righto oaCof the Uaioa, if these greivancea were not redressed in it. Messrs. Blackburn aad Marshall were Uis caadi-datea of those desiring Immediate and separata State se- cession. That city has declared almost three toe**ft favor ofBtoframar BAMBV•"*" ^ *•••IIi^ i pa•••,)., .^ fr—'*"--'-iTsrnir a"DIMINUTION O F MANUFACTURING OPBasV T10NB IN MA8BA('HU8BTTrt.The Bay State MUl, a* Withasaaass. Mara., what mane fact ore* negro hoes for the South, has ausaanasM ruining ou three fourths nana. • ss»VOne of tbe cotton mltto a t Saltobury vtaaga lata *sa> mc need to run thi ee-fourths tiase.InEastAblrgtonerneof thelargestbootaadaha*asa> ufactartog firms dtomkoad two-thud* of than- •aasss tost week: also there has bean a markedauwiber of workmen employed tatown* ta that vicinity.The Bof State (Lymaa, btaas.Jsines* of that city has coaae abneat to• There to Scarcely aaythtag aotag;neairy deserted, SBoslof the cutlets being outof em- ployment, and wailing oa their oar* for a rating bream There are, probably, aa many as seven or eight bundraJ workmen rat of employ ment at tbia time, and i t * dan- cult to detetrotas when their services wfll be agas needed. Wa understand, however, that Souther* tomers are paying up better than some of oar saaiturers feared the/ would, and there seem* to ho danger ef losses b y Southern repudiation,rccco trad* there are saoa* baad* oat ofthan ba\^ been at any one time for year* .of the finishers whoareat work have onlykeep litem eeaptoyed about three toys ta a weak."cal teachings of British idiotic philanthropists. SouthCarolina, aa oaa of the old thirteen -Hates which joined under the constitutina. ' Her people will use all honorable•ill'hi:MS•r1means to preserve i the North to throw off the shackles and resist the op the sentiments of Ipnaalcja of the haughty Britons, wbea their wrongs smnotiperpetuate these. 1 think 1 know dtixens in this matter, and that I I say that, almost uaanimoualy, that Cnion and to maintain their they believe these last will y e t b e and that not until it is certain they brngc—not until every honorable, srful effort to secure them is exhaust-first tempted us to revolution, has met agata to assert bar independence and seek that peace, safety sad secu- rity oat of tba Uatoo which tba North now deaiea barunder a ruptured and fractured compact.It must b e admitted that the Senators a n d representa-tive* in Congress from South Carotiaa, as well a s these of her State Legislature, are all men of distinction, birth and ulaiit, and that less fraud aad Intrigue arc employed la her elections than any other State ia tba lialea. In cocsouueace of this, her statesmen and public men havealways been selected solely on account of their talent aad ability. It most be admitted that the pandering of our public men and political demagogues, with the loalgaiftcsat anti-slavery party, has raisedtbey intend to < rights under f admitted and i will b e iUonlste t o their piaasat powerfaJ the system of bribery, fraud andcatastrophe which is bow It would seem that theStates w now being f«Hy Mr.B.R.Barrew.afTerrebons»posttioB,found to ba.S» Vain 1 cannot consent, by any precipitate renrojatloijary action, to aid iu the dismemberment of'" tnion.H ben I shall sec clearly that there is no hope of suchacj'istmeut, and am convinced that the power of the federal government is to be perverted to the destruction, instead of being need for the protection, of our rights- then, sad not till then, can I consent so to exercise any power with wincJi i a m invested aa to afford even the cpaortuaity for such a proceeding.be settled cow and settled forever.A people jealous of their liberty will detect danger while it is yet afar off and provide the remedy, ir ever there was a people answering this desortpttaa the past glorious history of North Carolina will point sat your fel- low citizens as that people.1bear this message of Mississippi to you, aad through you to the people of North Carolina; and I hoao that you will allow me to inform Mississippi that North Garouea isfully alive to the importance of the present crisis, aad " will co-operate with her ta tbe adoption of efficient measures for the common defence and safety of theI — i i i i l yopaaUweaitayffianter,has|ryvBion-memberment of the Unhm, will suffer more than all others combined.I am now in correspondence with the Governors of those States, and I await with solicitude for the indiea- tloaa of the course to be pursued by them. When that is made known to me 1 shall be ready to take such steps asvour obedient servant,J. THOMPSON, Commissioner from Mississippi.whatever tha action of the Convention may render no- cessary in the way of legislation. Tbe Imposition upon tbe State of. the expense of tbe Convention, and twoextra session* of tbe Legislature, at this time when economy is a matter of the highest consideration, ought to be avoided if it could be done consistently with the publicSo of Arkansas, ff I am advised of public sentiment.But tbey and aba must mas* a choke, bnall Arkansas remain in tbe Union when her sisters of the South have declared for a separate nationality ftba ebthty . I DsaVt, 01,, ****TrtJ', and the patriotic risers roay yet,before the 4lhof March, and adept some conservatory means, and conservative man for President, such aathe people of Maryland are ready to go with the people of those States for weal or won.TatLOB, AMIMASTOnrcas:— of the Convention and provide for it, it would supercede It ok in tbe future for common sympathy and support T Ga>Tuor*K—Inreplyto yournoteofyesterday, allow the necessity of convening afterthe Conventionshall fansheexistinthefuturewithoutabrotherhoodandfraortVCoaor.'turn Luton meeting of all the ministers aad thia city, was c tiled this morning, to meet atthe Toucg Meo's Christian Associatioa, for making Important suggestion* "in rsfe- oriiMS new upon ear cooutry.'' The thinly attended, there being not over me;, and women present, evidently that secession, s o far ns thia city andis (est praying for.last a Urge and enthusiastic meeting ighta Association of the adjoining was held a t Carrolltoa. Spirited ad- ed by Gen. Mites, ex liouteaaat Texas; Mr. Morse and Dr. Heed, ad their aasaes to the roll of theCommittee of this associatioa at _j passed the following resolutions, b y which it will be seen the majority of oar cit ixeas are de- termined that the delegate* to the Coaveatiaa shall be oaly men who are ia favor of acasaisn, aad separateState action.Resolved, flat all voters ta the pariah of Orleans,with thia association, or maintaining the prin- ciples as"set forth iu article second of its constitution, are hereby reencstsd to assemble in their respective reprem ntattve dietrwt* on Wednesday, the WJt mat., betweeatawbearsof sixand eighto'clock1'.M.,atthe plasts hereinafter named, for the purpose of islorting candidates as delegate* to the State Convention.Resolved, That when a*id meettaga assemble, in order that no persons take port m them who ar» not in favor of sect sstoo and separate State action, it is hereby recom- mended that a copy of the eonstitution of this **ociat*>a be exposed thereat for signatores, aad that ao one be permitted ta east a vote ta nominating candidatea who rtfnesa to a n t sign said constitution.Resolved, last it ia earnestly requested of said meet- taga to place ao one ta nomination whoso opinions ar* net known ta be eloar and decided an to the analttaB Lou iaiana should take and maintain ta tola great constitutional straggle for the rights of the South,The ritmyum thai morning tan lengthy article advo- cates the aalsnawiuB of the action of the Conventloa afterwards to the people for ratification, desiring 'to see theSueth proceed surely to the aooemplisaiueiit of se- curity in the Union, or to a proper independence out ofis."It wss m y opin ion, if I issued a proclamation calling an extra session of tbe Legislature, everyone would be- hove that the object, in part, was to authorise the banks to suspend specie pay incuts. This would have caused a a immediate run upon them, and would, in a great mea- sure, have exhausted their specie, and thus rendered them unable to aid the State iu her emergency or relieve tba people.witb slave labor, and induce thereby a community thepeopleoftbisStatedoassembleattheirusualptaowofof thThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetFulton Ne13069repqstageapeiera aad Southern sectka* of the United States, aggravat-ed by the recent election of a President upon principles resolution passed bv bus* bostUtty to the States of the South, and to express'theed until prece'and qutot be restcred to tbe country.no appropriations be made of money st present for amy but the necessary and legitimate expenses of thegovern-The election of a Senator for the United States I whocanonlytakehi*seatafterthe4thofMarchnext,raianimaking ide by He iliation be-i-y;ctl the fatal•Given under my band, sad tl hert-vato sfiixed. at the dry ofissue forced upon them, aad to cry peace, peace, whoathere is no peace. The antagonism of opinioa upon theOur third ccoetaetoa ta, tbit should Georgia determine that ber duty and interest lead bar to absBdoa tha Unite, the will do it with firmness, dignity snd a deliber-KKl'LY Off COTK8NOB HICKS.g u n or HannAKV,the ««hreBrri*ibleconfllct.,,Thelesdtagi6^ofltos»aa4 is that the Vv. i<n of these Mates cannot endure half of them elavt bold-! g and the other hall nou-Slaveholdtag. Tatain tbe ruiin.. but will bsve s care for lhe welfare of thosere committed their all to her Bands. Wisdom and wbobavecI Ewamiva Cjuaaaa. Amurous, Dec.19,1»»- Jstatermatship will be combined with her valor, aad re-conflict istobeinaugurated undertheforma of the con- garded as equally sacred. Thetoterestsof bar people the United,, havi.n-g. been ascertained bat a fasdeatractrvaof onr constitutional rifibts.optes n of the Mate of Mississippi, for *^ev^^»*B * w v eaaj^a m^a-i % i v l aaaa? ASUA h«^a^D \^k % ttrestcurity.-'merce, to prostrate all her industrial Interests, destroyber prosperity and impoverish her sons aad daughters,without seme powerful public exigency, admittiag of nopostponement or dental, to justify the sanrinas. TO act *t«u*. the Baton oouid be uisasi s*rt and haid together,Ten alio informtokrow whether I win laud for the purposeof authorities of the State ofit may % expected our for that purpose.e *it ia meet snd wise, and proper, and expedient that they shruid consult and advise together for their common de- letce snd general welfare. Thus the hasty sad precipi- tate will be checked, tba laggard aad spiritless aroused tojaw action, anas universal confidence will be fad that ourdifferently would be a foBy, if not a crime, and especial- ly when political separation a n d a due regard for those interests s r e perfectly compatible when both are ma- n«ged with due circumspect ion and statesmanship.this is our opinion of the probable course of Georgia in the pendirg crisis. We derive it from overwhelming e x - preesions of ber public sentiment, from the calm intelli- gence of ber people, from bar history throughout the past, from reason andfrotn common sense.ALABAMA.TBI 8rSTKKSKW Off fffffClB PATMBUT BT ALABAMA BANKB../[From tn« Montgomery Advertiser, Dec 10.]We publish this morning a letter from Governor Moors, which w e doubt not will convey welcome intelligencesnd give general satisfaction to tbo people of the Stat*. l h e Central Bank a t Montgomery, t b a Eastern Sank a t Eufula, and the Commercial Bank at Selma, have all sus- pended specie payments. Tfils movement BBS been con- summated for tbe wise and patriotic purpose of relieving the State and the people from tho exigencies in which they may be placed by tbe financial crisis forced upon us mainly by the election of Lincoln. Tbe banks sre in a sound condition. There need b e no apprehension that they will finally redeem their bills. W e cannot doubt that tbe action, both of the Govercor and the banks, will be sustained by The State.l.KTTKRTOtCMGOVBBNO* MOOBW.•' Kxnrxrnvn DavABTBBST, 1MoaTOOMXEV, Ala., Doc. 17,1860. j To TBS PSOPIB or ALABAMA—Strong appeals have been madetoroebvmanycitizensfromdifferentsectionsof the State to convene the legislature for the purpose ofproviding the ways and means of protecting tbo interests and honor of the State in tbe impending crisis, andfor the further purpose of authorising th* banks to suspend specie payments, to enable them to fufnish greater facili- ties for moving the cotton crop, and thus relieve, to some extent, tbe i mbat rassed condition of the cotton market and the people. These appeals were made by those whose opinions are entitled to the highest respect, aad sre dav conceoted with t h e banks, either a s directors or stock- holdcis. After giving t o the subject t h e fullest conside- ration, and viewing it in all its bearings, I determined not ta convene the Legislature, for reasons which I willnew give.I did not doubt, and do not now, that the Convention to meet en tbe Tth January next will determine that Alabama shall withdraw from the present Union s t anon the part of tha North, to Jaattfy the exarcto* of thia right. *tm.setongasthat*waa*vaSrBMHI fop that by compromise and concessions made by the Northern States, the Uaton asaafi be Brsaorvad. a n d held together, that it waa the daty of every patriot ta the land, evarya X n l e e T e ^ '2 Ibe ftwldence of nations and the destinies of thaworld seem to will iIt otherwise. lb* wisest and bestsllotted to man has "naticism of its own ,Union of these States ta this m-asat ta practically severed and gone forever. It seems to be Inxposstble,fair form and^eaturesVscsn?paratery to aa eternal farewell—never, never again to return.gloomy future for mycountrymen—for the rising genera- tion. many of whom (duster around m y own fireside.But duty prompts me to announce to you what I con- ceive to ha "ate BBSfoof m BBBSrBBBisfoyjtaMBB/ to,I repe>t. that tbe Union of the States may no longer be regarded a s SB e*aw4ag.Barn. asalBBj toasBBBratively necessary that Arkansas should girdle her loins for the conn*ic*and put ber bouseta Order. ,. 8 9I will not stop to discuss tbe remote causes, In retro- spect, that have brought about this state of things, b u t proceed to look at matters as they now present them- selves before tbe country.In the States of South Carolina and Mississippi tbe peo- ple have declared,through primary assemblages, s unsni- mous determination to secede from the Union.lhe legislature of South Carolina has assembled,and celled a convention of the people, to meet en the 17th or 18th inet., to prepare the frame work for a separate andincependent government.Ibe legislature of Mississippi, convened in session, ex-traordinary by tbe executive, has announced unanimous- ly a n unqcslifled determination t o separate from t h * federal Union.The sentiments expressed by the States of Texas, Lou- isiana, Florida, Georgia and Alabama reiterate the. aamedetermination.Is it not madness to suppose that great gpvwBBissBiand people like those refe. red to will degrade themselves in tbe eyen of the world by retrogade and submissive action? .'But ?me>ng the Southern States, MaryLaid, Virginia,constited, will they conertit to any eflo: t tor i u dissolatlon.The people o f Maryland are anxiocs hat time be given and an opportunity afforded for a fair and honorable a d - jt simeut of taesHmculties and grtevances of which they, more than the people of any other Soutncrn State, have a right <Ramjiauu. A nd, iu m y opinion, if the pxiple of this L'nlon reafi}' desire its continuance and perpetuity such adJnstssenaWay be effected. I hope and believe it•i>LIUt<,c ij'ii ii.U<^,J Ii\CAlaks'dti ililOY WMrito thus end rouMesire LartOatar/of'Mary wtti the coastituted, aad at what time " fjawfee'eslkMright* will be secure, and our government placed oa the safest and surest fjundatioo.Mississippi w content with tba compact whtah our fa. thi reformed. The constitution of the United State* al- ready aflbrds guarantees which are ample for oar security; but tbey are found on parchment only. The psepieof the Notthem States have not kept faith with us. Not only have s majority of Ota non-slavohokiiiig States rendered all legislation for our protection nugatory an*) taoppera- tive by State enactmenta, but an tbe 6th of November last a'majority of the people of nil the frea States en- dmsco a platlorm of principles ta direct coafiict with the CMnslit ution and tbe decision* of th* Supreme Court, aad this the willef a numericalmajority—a majority trainedm m infancy to bate our people aad their institutions— sre to be substituted ta their steed.lhe Executive and Judicial departments of Ike govern ment and th* senate of the United States have always held that property in slave* was recognised by tbe con stitution, and, therefore, under a common flag was enti- tled to protection. The dtminant party deny this propo- silitn, and thus, by their construction, the constitution Will be changed, this conmon government will be revo- lutionized, and, instead of throwing its broad shield over all the citizens of all tbe States, protecting each and all equally in the possitsion and enjoyment of their rights of property, it will be perverted into an engine for the destruction of our domestic institutions and the subjuga- tion of our people.Ibe question which is now submitted both to Mississippi and North Carolii a, is this, shall w s ait quietly down without a murmur, ai.d allow all our constitutional rights of property to tie taken away by s construction of th* constitution which originates in hostility and hatred, or shall we, aa men who know our rights, bestir ourselves, and by a firm, united and cordial '• ce-operatian." fortify and strengthen them, that they may be transmitted un- impaired to our children, and our children's children, throughout all generations. Wisdom dictates that all thewili bo efltotcd. aiw! promptlv. And until the effort is questions wising out of the institution of slavery,shouldWhatever powers I may have I shall use only after full th and .South. consultation and in fraternal concert with the other bor-early day.Should that contingency occur, it will be necessary servative.tsuaioa of theState,an derStates,sinceweandthey,latheeventofanydis- Sooth."Ihavethehonortobe,withgasatrespect, fortbwitbtoconvenethelegislature, toprovkieforMissouri, Kentucky aad Tennessee are dsspoasd W be ooa-soH State* our duty and interest shall demand, and I do not doubtSuppose Missouri remains in the confederacy and Loui- siana does not T Of which is Arkansas the natural ally— ToTBBHon. Asr.tET Hrix,Cot. M. C. M. Hi—ram,ft.8. interests. If the legislature could anticipate the action with which ia her common interest—to whom must she1 think as you do, that taus ta a time when all partyobligations should b e thrown aside, and t h e bast ener-gies of everyone exerted for the preservation of our 'the federal Union must be preserved.'* I have l'nlon "Tbe extension of relief to tbe people in selling theircotton crops would follow as an Incident. In considera-tion of tbe premises I addressed to each of the banks a liberties* Snail we stare fate in tbe face, trifle with aad letter, of which the foltawtag is a copy :—I have aa party attachments ar prejudices that conflict with my love for the Vnion, or that can influence m a in the endeavor to dtachargc my duty faithfully to m y n a . tire State.I have long staee determined to put aside party feelings and sectional prejudice*, and do everything in m y power to preserue and perpetuate the Union of the States and the happiness of millions depending upon it.We cannot shut our apes ta the fearful peril of th* hour. W e know that a dark cloud overshadows the land, threatening the destruction of the institutions we have bem taught to revere, and under which we have grows to baa great nation. W e know that reckless and designing men are endeavoring to precipitate a dissolu- tion of the Union, before the people shall have time for the reflection so tmperstfvery demanded b y t h e vast in- terests-Involved in t h e threatened separation, whethergloried in our Union and its expansion,-as well in cotisidcratiem o f i t s beneficent aMaaiMi*. o n tbe government* of the hunisn race everywhere, a* Ua benefitstoourownpeople;and,uptoaveryrecentdate, my mind has been incessantly engaged In devising plans to make even the humiliating catastrophe of Mr. Lin- coln a election the means of bringing about a bettor state of things in regard to the stave question.But alas! After all that I have said, and truly said. I am forced to the conclusion that w e of the South cannot save the federal Union, We are a minority. T b e hire- ling States can save tbe Union, but they will not. Tba Union is already broken, never again to b e united. The cordswhkhonceboundustafraternalbondsaresunder- ed, "wounds of deadly bate bare pierced too deep." Violated faith cannot b e restored. t b e fanatics and spiritualists of the North are laboring un- der strong delusions—they believe II* whichre aliiies and commit our country to faiuitous inanity?•The Venerable Jacob Barker, of this city, baa sensed that separation be peaceful or bloody. There must be will destroy them. Those who form the greatState into submission that to Sttomaiing to withdraw,or has actually withdrawn, from the exxtfederacy. If uphold the constitutional rights of the peopto ta everyto b e reaabltsheit a series of conservative articles from th* Xatcbea CSssmsr, on the subject of the crbw, and ac- eomraatea them with the following note:—Naw Osxaaiis, Dec. 17, Mmtime to weigh well all the consequences before we pro- masses of the people of the North st tha ju*ee- ceed to destroy the government bequeathed to ua by Our cutday, believe that tbey are under a higher law thanfathers; and we should wait to see if there is not still human code, to be the implacable and irrepressible enemy enough of wisdom, virtue and patriotism in Congress and of every stavt bolder and of all others who do not think the country to give the people time for "the sober second and feel as they do on that subject. Their minds haveanswered in the affirmative, it must be on the principle section of tba country.that the power has been conferred on Congress to declare Given under my hand and tbe seal of the Stats,at tht and make war upon a State. After ranch serious reflec- city cf Providence, the M th day of December, ta tatToma EMVOBSorraa PICATCSK:— . thought.". been completely saturated with the one great idea which i •pia'oaaoa the unfortuna'e, nncalledfor If the Union must be dissolved, let it be done calmly, they entertain in regard to negro slavery. They haveBy hi* Excellency tha Governor. JOBS R. BAXTLBTT 1 tension of the South Carolina and Georgia banks, will No constitutional barrier, however, will stay the arm Secretary of State.aad« eta i a public affairs cirrespood so exactly with those rxpresa d ta Die aeoompanytat ariicles, from th* Matehes (Mba.) DnH* Omiier, that IthlnkT eann A do my fel low aUtaeae batter atrviee, oa tat* etgaty-atst anntveraary of my birth, than by having U repuaUaaed. Very reapaatfajly, yourjotoedieat serrsat, JACOB BARKER.The depression here through all the ramifications of trade cnattaaas ta be felt Tory severely. The dry goods man have oat large placards ia front of their stores aaaocacicg that they are selling off their stocks at tea aar cent below coat. The rumor that the Crescent City Bank would be compelled ta go into liquidation, turns out to be incorrect, aad it 1* said th* bank is perfectly solvent.The Austin (Texas) Jsaati gsseab contains a call, signed by cltlsena from thirty counties in that State, for aa election to be VM on the Sth of January nest for dele- fates to a convention to assemble on the fourth Monday of January, isel. The eketlea 1* to be ordered unoffi- cially by the Chief Jcstiea of the State.The Qo-ttU also pubnabes a Mter from Major Ben Mc CuUoeh, taw dantagulahad Texan ranger, dated at Colum- bia, a C , urging that a oonvaaUon b e called immedi- ately, aad pronouncing for seceerioB-The article ta the Weroid, published la tin issue of the 11th tost., o a « The CbevaMer Wet.b aad S.esssioa," baa been greatly eajoy-sd ta th* south, and the aentimants contained therein meat with universal commendation.LDCISIABA M1L1TABT BOARD.deliberately and after full reflection on the part of aunited HNith. It seems tome, from the hot haste with whichseme of the Southern States are pressing a dissolution, thattheir leading men sppear to act deliberately, believingthat the people would not santasi them ta their reckless ters. Then tbe teachings In tbe Sabbath and common course if they aad time to weigh the consequence*, nor schools done its work faithfully in the same direction. act without cue more appeal to toe people of the North. And to more fully confirm these early teachings, Does It not seem strange that we nave only sow realised tbe venerated and holy minister of tbe sanctuary, the great wrong done the Southern States by the Personal has done hi* full chare in blasphemy against God and Liberty bills enacted by the North T We know that these man in confirming slander and falsehood upon the mind* laws have been upon the statute books of many of the cf these misguided people.States for years, and that until now tbey have never What hope can we have of bringing such a people as been crcstdered a sufficient cause to justify the South ta this to a knowledge of the truth/ I have no hope that screate more or less uneasiness In tbe minds of bill hold- ers, and will induce many of them to draw the specie from the banks U\ tbe extent of tho notes they may hold, and thus render the banks unable to aid the State, as tbey otherwise could do.Then follows the Presidents proclamation, which as have already published. •;P e r s o n a l Imu-lllgemec.Captain Parker and O. L Hatch, or Meriden, Conn ; V.dissolvng the Union.Now these same enactments are cited as the principalcause for the secession movement in the extreme South. Thi se Personal liberty laws are In direct conflict with tba constitution, yet they have been permitted to remain unquestioned by the South until it was ascertained thatMr. Lincoln was elected President of the United States. Thrse laws should be repealed at once, and the rights of the South, guaranteed by the constitution, should be respected a a d enforced. After allowing a reasonabletime for action on the part of the Northern States, if tbey shall neglect or refuse to observe the plain require- ments of the eonstitution, then, in m y judgment, we shall be fully warranted in dtmandiag a division of the country.people brought up under such misapprehension*, and s o thoroughly educated and instructed iu regard to our slave institutions, can do justice to a slaveholder.Under all the existing circumstances, I believe the best btpe of prisperity left to all the slavebolding States, is to Rcre-dofrem our present federal Union stance, without delay, and as soon as may be. form a new and independent confederacy. But tbe act of secessioa should be the separate action of each so%-ereign State, ta separate conventions. It is easy to prove the indisputable right of a State to secede from our present Untan. It is tbe most valuable reserved right of each State of the Union And the idea of forcing a State back into the Union is quite too preposterous to merit refutation. Even Greeley himself treats with scorn and derision the idea of forcing State s to continue in our present Union.purpose stated, that It would produce a run on tbe banks, and In a great measure exhaust their specie and defeat the object I have in view.With the view, then, of enabling the banks to retain their apecie Tor the purpose aforesaid, I deem it m y duty, under the circumstances, to advise a n d request them t o suspend, all at tbe same tune.l h e high and patriotic motives which would Induce th* •ct would sustain tho banks and m e. There can be no doubt that the Convention aad legislature, soon to meet; will sustain and legalize the act. I will sanction it, and will institute no proceedings against them; a n d in m y message to the Legislature a i d Convention will urge them to sanction tbe act, which I am sure tbey will do.If need be,after the suspension, I will write an address to tho people of the State, stating the facts and eircum- staseec under which tbo step w a s taken. l u m satisfied that the banks are la a sound condition, aad can maintainment. Contemplating these events aa I d o , to my mind it is highly important that aa appropriation b e made at once adequate in its amount for arming tbe mili- tia with approved modem arms and ammunition, to b e storexi a t convenient points along tbe northwest border of tbe State and at the aest of government There ar* a few hundred stands of arms subject to the order of the Governor now deposited ta the United States Arsenal at this place, and other additional ones to which the State is entitled at th* city of Washington, amounting ta all to1,400, of antique structure sad doubtful capacity.1 am not for war, but 1am in iavor of preparing for war ta time of peace, and recommend to you who have authority to provide the means necessary for the defence of our cittaens. The money ta tba treasury belongs to tbe people, and they ought to be permitted to oa* it for the protection o f theft property and tbe security o f their wives and children. Cur western border to to imminent peril now from t h e incursions Of Montgomery, a freeboot- er sent down by the people of the Northern States with common designs against Missouri, Arkansas and Texas. The protection affbrded hy tbe federal government.even in tbe Union, is contemptibly spurned by any ban- dit who sees proper to invade us. Imagine tbe conditionofourborderpeople,then,whenwe strike for our liberties sod declare for separate nationality. Immediate tagistative action, calltag a Cc;ivention, is earnestly recommended, that tho State by the authority of the people may define her position s t ss early s period ss pcssible: other States of the South with whem w e must shares common fortune being far ta advance of Arkansas iu this important movement. Party prejufftaea and recriminations ought to be buried and for-U ,We shall have done our duty t o the constitution, to t h e tof the sew mi* of that 8aW. organiarng a Military memory of our lathITS, to ourselves aad posterity, and apaotatmenl*:—Col. Brax the South can honorably take such stops as patriotismCantata Howard and waa, of Mew Yerk, W.II. PsftoJ' andMis.IBet.efNewOrleans;F.A.MeataadN.Hoopsof Eestnn.amd W. C. Beater, of Waahtagton.sxeiat the Brevoori House.Bon. G.W.Chase,of NewYork;Boa.A B.Otis wife, of Troy: Br. W. K. Taylor, of the United Navy; Boa. W.W. Wekb, ofConnectIcat;JohnP. United State* Dragoman. Turkey: M. G.family, of Washington; John J. Blair. Of New Jersey Jean W. Waadetl, of Tennessee, aad F. OtBauBlsna, st Augusta, are stepping at the Astor Bouse.NelsonPewandG.W. Banker,of Boston.G.P.Smith, and R. M. N. Taylor aad wife, of Cleveland; J. C Pya ebon, ef Sprmgnahi; 6. B. GWdtags, of Taxes; A V- Currier, of Worcester, Mass., and Charles B. Herbert **• wife, of Saratoga Springs, are stopping at the Metropo- litan Hotel.A SBBKTS A»SAT • Onorm Brsana Bonus- YorrtJMasBKATSBBTfxrsxxaSXBVABTS.-OBCarit- mas eve an extraordinary disturbance took place to ta* rffce of tne of our first etas* hotels, located In wars V* Four young men, tba eldest aged eighteen sad to* youngest fifteen, ware sat upon by a drunken ftater, isalso a drunken fireman, aad brutally bastes with beavr bilietsof wood. Oaa of th* young men, named frecrssa, from Troy, N Y ., aad the son of s wasBhi aureheat,-drew s revolver, snd, ta order to protect bBIfff.*" thrce times—none of the shots, baneOy. doing mater* injury. Ibe}rangTbe circumstances under which they have suspended plain facta and reason, fata* to the honor, glory aad tade days to come. Two of the injuire«dJ prmartiteas are Bnawrv^srT*Governor Moore, of Louisiana, in carrying oat the pro-I cannot assist ta placing her ta a position from which we may hereafter wish to recede.When she moves m the matter, I wish to be side by sidewithVirginia—ournearest neighbor—Kentuckyand Tennessee.Ibetimehasindeedcomewhenwwmastalltaskthe dangerfullintheiaoe,whenpatriotsuu,thememoriesof tbapastandthehopesoftbafutureimperativelydemand thatwcshonIduseeveryexertion,compatIblewithbonor, to prevent the United Mates ef Amefteafrom disappear tag trim among thenattcr* of the world.but death shall part as! WTLSOM LUMPKINTHE POLICY OF GEORGIA. [FromtheSavannahRepublican(Union),Dec.25]The State of Georgia occupies a peculiar relation to her Southernsisters—peculiar inhermoral,physicaland geographical pesitions. Herstatesmensreregarded amongtheleadingmanofthacountry;hermaterialvency.I have aest you a copy of m y response to Gov. Prattaf4others, containing my reasons for declining To con-vene the Legislature at that time, and nothing has oc-curred BBSBS than to altar my ©nuvtetios* of m y duty.ButIassureyou,that whenever, ta myjudgment,the banc's,aaditisforhertosaywhether tbta government ascawltyfor assembling that body In extra session shallThe NorGmaaBSAkaA^saAsville also declines to sus* repealed or modified ta future, as Circumstance* require. to the offenders. One of these, thea>*a9*a,»srvesi""pond on account of peculiar circumstances which sur- round it.I have now briefly stated the circumstances and factsconnected with the suspension of three of our banks, ta tho cotton growing States. The Indian nations on our great meanness, if not trouble, by keeptog ttnsnse" accordance with the promise contained in my letter, and Western Border will do the same thing, unless their free an taapmoaitat* raanasr. Tha Bremen — 4 sartatswj hope they will be satisfactory to the enlightened and pa- soil proclivities sre forestalled by such statutory enact- menced their revels early; aad hence, wbea toarise, I shall not shrink from ant responsibility.la all myfeelings and Interests a aeatherner, last ready to stand by the Interests and honor of the South. I again thank you for your kind sad friendly letter sadfromwet. your BicraGOVERNOROP NOWH merepointof BOBBY to untrammelled to act,To H » FxexuxstT Joux W ^ ^ G o ^ S m ' or^v-i dtetcted _ Sraraor NOBTHCaseMJxa:—Sm—I have the honor to ta- «f.' tbo South asm ofmpform yon that I have be— dary sapidetail a Ooexmtaiin««s»f usc| from the State of Mtastasippi to th* State of North Caro- Una. Ihavebeeninstructedbyth* Governoref Missis- [ srppt to report myself, In person, to your Excellency, andit distinction. THECOMMISSIONEROPMISSISSIPPITOTHE Georgiahasnopledgestofulfil, threatstoexecute,no""' nd cfitoas to tafarm the people of this "that the Legislature of Mississippi has ttteg • convention of tbe people of tbe to consider the tarcstentog rotations of the North-usUrnproceedings of somecoohun- dred oc- ntk* ta Georgia, to some instance* two meet- ings to the county, snd without referring to the various shades of difference with regard to details, we may speakwith seme degree of confidence of the aggregate result.Our first conclusion ta that there Is no spirit of submis-Untitled Documentsion ta Georgia to the inauguration of black republi-can principles over this State ass member of the confede-manisknown. OfMr.<;ilmeritissufficienttosay,thatth« first men in the State consider him a most admirable selection for the semi-diplomatic position ta which the Governor has placed him. As a man of targe and accu- rate informat ion, ia relation to all the neat interests of-nam* "pure and beyond reproach' —be to eminently al O C|*&*Q*M§JL)11A O l C4Q0 I*^** 0>9BP«•* ^amSj BfCaMsBBm tBaHRstCm O B * U -and co-operation of my netiv «causesoontlnuirg when she shall .reMa»nt,btaier, du|y,jatrlottam, all reanjrsbvamajorityoftheNorthernpeople ofth*doctrineof tantsfremEn—Your letter of tba lfitb. mstaat iaJbrsss ase th*. stitution on the 4th of March next, aad if adhered to are now protected by the combined instrumen- oalyaskttoatactionmay be deferred,ao joufcaveb«'truapp<ictot!bytheGovernorofllissasmpt,m sodcarriedout,tbeassertionsofitsmost vtatant advo- tality of two governments—state and federal;\ nrsi »nce of a resolution of her Legislature, ***""a*:f:u:er to the state ol Maryland, and tbat the owaaSonOTyo<rmirtionis"thepresentcrieisinthenationalaflhirsof this country, sad the danger which impends the safetyai d"rigi.t* of the toutbem atoiea, by reasoB of the etoo- prosi*cive evilt and grievances. One destiny, however, tlaee. Ibis she will be bound to do by tbe highest obli- of a State to secede from the federal Union, coupling with ticaaa«^ic«alcaiididatetotbeofllce of "«»lda"*i— awaits all the slave holding States of this Union, and fate gations that can subsist between a people and their gothe Inited Mates, atd upon a platform o f ^"^PJ? has indissolubly linked their fortune* together] therefore vetnment. She has not the heart to annihilate her com-LETTER FBOM EX GOVERNOR LUMPKIN. AT Hoax, ATHSMI, Dec. 14,1800.1 fully agree with all that yon have said as to the ne- mc to say that since my retire ment from public life ta have acted ; but thai would be impeasible.THE NATIONAL FACT.may divest herself of slave labor—Arkansas never can. A rBOCLAMATlON B T BBWIK? D . taOMAta, Bta»*B>cessity for protection to the rights of the South; and m y sympathies are entirt ly with the gallant people of Missis sippi who stand ready to reseat any infringement of those righto. But I earnestly hope they will act with prudence as well as with courage.Let us show moderation as well as firmness; aad be unwilling to resort to extreme measures until necessity shall leave us ao choice.I am unable to inform you when the Legislature of this State will be called together; for until I can perceive the necessity for such a step I am not willing to awake the apprehension and excite the alarm which such a call at the present time could not fail to create.I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedi- ent servant. THOMAS H. HICKS.Hi n. A . 11. Haimr, Commissioner of Mississippi.I.KTTKR FROM (JOVKRNOB HICKS.The Annapolis Gcuettt publishes the following letter from Governor Hicks, written in reply to a frlendry letter from ( a p t . John Canter, of Prince Genrge's county,1848,1 have but oa one occasion taken any active part- ta tbe politics of the country, and that was on the compro- mise measures of 1860. 1 was then in a minority ta m y State, aa well as the whole Union. I yielded without complaint, and have not particrpated in any political strife since. But 1have road much, aad carefully watched the progress of public events down to the present catastro- phe of tbe election of a black republican sessional Presi- dent of the United States in the person of Mr. Lincoln.Ibe openly avowed purpose of this hostile trmmphautpsrty being the overthrow and final destruction of thamstitntii ns ef the slavebolding States of tba Union, ha* stances. Iconsidered it a matter of tba utmost impor- necestnr.ly produced a deep sensation of excitementthroughout the slavebolding State* of tbe South, sad th*question naturally forces Itself upon every personcapable of understanding the question. What is the bestremedy to secure tbe interest of the Southern State*?But, gentlemen, you and many others w h o have knownme best and known me longest, desire my views upon of banks, upon whom extraordinary privileges had been this all Important subject, and you shall have them free- conferred, to come to the aid ef the State in ber hour of ly. I have nothing to conceal. My motto hi "God and need, and therefore determined to request them, st thetc-rnal feeling with tbe cotton growing States? MissouriWithout it, her fertile fields sre deserts and her people SOB o r THB BTATB o r BBTW TOBK.penniless and impoverished. Then tho status, tbe destiny, Bis excellency James Buchanan, Preawtoni *f ta*tbefortunes,rightorwrong,ofthecottonStates,toher UnitedStates,hasdesignatedandnoosaaMBSledFriday,shall separate BCT1*°?* frhostile to tbtcaa and tbatr inmttatioBS. On tba other band, should these causes b e removed, t h e same highsgatrn botTfc.*>, scan-ruin, the crsd* *>m*saai asxasB. crxsideraticra will impel berto uphold tbe governmentIt appeared to me that these difficulties could be avoided b y the banks and myself assuming responsibili- ties which never should be done under any other circum-out cf it.Witb the mart and channel of Southern commerce in tbe j i sse ssion and control of the States of Louisiana and Mississippi, what would be the condition of Arkansas should she determine to adhere to the Union—as will Mis-rccemmendatlon,and ta obedience to the teachings a* that faith which leads us ta the hour of peril to lay oar petitions for relief before the throne of as* Snpreas Ruler of the Universe, ta implore the protection ef ah mm, aad to seek His counsel ta directing oar footataps to the day of our extremity, I recommend that an t h a daynations ol the eaith. Other blessings, which are soeagerly sought by our race, have never occupied so large and tbey would remain in a condition to relieve the State fraught with important events: tba time drawing nearashareofmytimeorthoughtsasthatofthehonorand:from immediately taxing her people, or of selling bond* at a heavy dktrountjand render unnecessary aa extra ses- sion of tbe legislature before the meeting of tbe Conven- tion.when tbe Inauguration of a hostile and fanatical adminis- tratkn will prove lea* auspicious to tbe free and tade pendent action of tha Southern States than is Bow tbe case, under a President whose Southern sympathies have made him a martyr in our OBuacf Shall we prove taajgaeda •nd listlessly sleep upon the watch tower of our people'sglory o f m y countryand often said, whenpassing through epochs of political strife and trial,Therefore I have constantly felt, t h e country h a s heretofore beenbeen dyed in tbe wool. Their first lesson* reaeived under the parental roof, at tbe breast of their mothers, and ia the nursery room of infancy, aided b y startling pictures of cruelty indicted on negroes by their desson-like mas-of Mr. Lincoln; elected andtad on by the aggressive aad vita f inaticism of the North, the chief embodiment of tbe "impressible conflict" doctrine snd staunm endorser of tbe "Helper hook" aead not be counted upon because of tbo lack of constitutional authority. But ho may be im- peached! Who is to do It? Will a black republican Con-I could gr. aUy amplify the idea* I hare expressed. but it through tbe present crisis, but it will render themtime wiH not permit, and to conclude within the one hour unable to give the Paste that aid she will need..OaLjfVO. Hsoart,...Isaac Garrett and D. W. and honor may demand, either in or out of the Union. which I have allowed myself to write this hasty commu- 1 have written simitar totters to all tbe banks. ThaTUB GOVEB- MOBOfKABYLAMO ABBTHECOMMIS-SHINES OUT MISBUSKUPPL aJA\ir*a £A*Hi VWaa *aat-*>afc^j*s.ret>•A A a*CORMlaalOKffB HAXDT TO GOTUtSOB HICKS. AxxAtvm, Dec. 19,1989.8m—I bar* the honor to Inform your Excellency that I mjn uer* aa m flenB*SBsai*i »«M»«into<t according to law.by taeExi11* thepresent ersns ia th* the <tanger which jright*of theSouthernStates by rafctrteai ef a Sec*tonal candidate to th* office*t rTeaatentaf Urn Bastad States, asm upon a platform of p Iwenli t deatfaaxixe of our constitutional rights, and which, in the onmWm of the State of Mississippi, calla forrcanptanddeeanv-acttoaforthepurposeofourprotec-laibeperfcrnMBcaof-raytrust,itismydutytoinform youthattheStateo?MaaissippihascafledaConvention toassembleonthe7thJanuarynext,totakeratoeonside-No one will then be more ready or willing than I to fol- nicate u—allow m e to say, I am apprised off their being content* of this communication are respectfully submit, low the fortune* of the South, but I am utterly opposed diversity of opinion on this subject—all good and patriotic ted to your consideration. Very respectfoily, your obe- to this precipitate actkm by one, two or three States. men.LetusbeabandofbrothersinGeorgia.Letallour dientservant, A.ft.MOORE.Maryland1 is a border State, With only an invisible old strifes cease. let us create no new oass. Although .^L.".r m *****«&*, » d for the purposes linebetweenherterritoryaadthefreeStates;sad.in borninVirginia,IhavelivedinGeorgiaupwardsofStatedtamy ur,theCommercialBankatSelma,th*my opinion, if a separation shmibl take place, ta tea years there will not b e a slave within bar limits. Our State, ta the event of a dissolution of the Union, must become the battle ground of the hostile sections, subject to all the horror of border warfare. Thia fact will notSect |be decision of our people If we cannot enjoy in grand parents, of most of my brothers and six of my own high aad patriotic motive* of sustaining tha State-**seventy-seven years. Few have lived in the State soCentral Bank at Montgomery, and the Eastern Bank atlong—none have received a larger share of the kindness EufauU. suspended tbka day. It 1* due to those banks and confidence of her people. Were I set devoted to that I sbemid say (being sdvised ot their condition) thatGeorgia, end the best interest of her peopta, I would be they are able to sustain themselves through the crisis, less than a man. Here are the graves of my parents and snd that they have taken this Important step with t h ee Union the rights guaranteed b y the constitution. I beloved sons. sbowabyth*re-sponseofeachofthemtomyletter.shall be the Mai one to object to a withdrawal of our 1 say to the people of Georgia, "Whither thou goest I ^vl?t'i^8*r*$£*to "^offlo8»«d *°«M ^ve beea gottentasomomentousacrisis.Stat* from a confederacy that denits to at the enjormeut will go. and whitber thou lodgcst I will lofce. tny peo- published but for the length they would give that com- ofearundoubtedrights,hot believing that neitherhnr ple sbsil be mypeople,and thyGod myGod. Where munication.' Thereatnonecessityfor say depreciation bonor nor interests will suffer by s proper and just delay, thou diest I will die, sad there will I be busted. Nothing ef their notes, a* there can be no gucation of their sol-at tbe great coast angle between tbe free Stales and the mouths cf the Mississippi, with tha leading Southern At- lantic outlet for the produce of the interior, all give sig- nificance to her opinions sad power to bar action. She hat BOWtbe fat* of tha American confederacy ta herbeing located ta Mobile, can procure specie aad exchange with more facility than the banks tejga* interior, and are not so liable to be prejudiced by tha suspended hanks of South Carolina and Georgia; hence their ability to aid the State withemt suspending specie pay meat.to take care of and protect their own slave property, and ultimately to look to the cotton growing States aa confe- derates snd allies, having like institutions and common interests.Sucaalaw need have only temporary application, to becan be honorably aad rightfully maintained or not. W e hope i-he has lite Intelligence, statesmanship and moralWhen Missouri abolishes slavery Arkansas becomes a bor- der State; she to likely to d o this before a great watt*. uales* inhibited by such a statute as this, united ta by allsoldier ia the Crimean war. At tba hotel, wb*aw made the scene of this disturbance, there areea»I»£ about 126 servants, who, generally, cause the propiIBJaccessaryfortheworkbeforeBar.What, then, will Georgia dot This to Ota question re-echoed from the PeBobscot to the Rio Grande, and the Union hangs with breathless anxiety for tin answer. We not be able to give it, but wa will at least try, withthe lights before us.And ta Oa outset let us notetriotic p. opk- of Alabama, for whose benefit this great re- sponsibility has been assumed. A. ft, tanripy;COBUfflSBlONBBS VBOM ALABAMA TO V1BOINIA. His Excellency Governor Moore, of AlrWne, has ap-The revenue in tbe Treasury at the commencement of the present session of the General Assembly amounted ta f£04,C00. After paytagthe expenses of your body for ' present terms there will still rims la, say t2o0,000; onmen came in, were ready far seme one to "tread tail* of their coatt."—ita** Post, Dee. tl.« B o r » BOB " B s OISPIAXTAem by a prooeaston f needSaturdayafterne„ th;westernendomat , Wehaveracy—that so more cemuremtofs sre to be made with tbaibestand*fro*and awn l e s t judgment,pointedtbefollowing gentlemencommissionerstoconfer 15thofMaynextthisamountwillbeaugmentedlaborers •jtegw*ag?jExBctTrri ItBrisrinerr, 1 Moirraoaaarr, Dee. 4,1MB. jTO TBB PSKDHVr ABO DlXKCTOKS OB TBB CBBBSAJL BUBK O f ALABAMA, MUMIH SHUVT, ALA.:—Gsvn KMK-N—Tbe peculiar and extraordinary state ofpublic affairs, and the interest of the State, make it a matter of State necessity to retain in tba vaults of tho banks all the gold aad silver coin in their posseasioa.From pntmt protpttt- then can srorceiybe a doubt (sat Atatowa unit tecede/rtn the Vwkm btfon the fourth day ef March neat. Should that contingency occur , i t will b e necessaryfortbeStatetoraise sotless thanamillionof dollars, ta specie or its equivalent. Under the etreum- stances which surround us, ws could not sell State bonds, either ta the North or ta Europe, except, at a ruinous dis- count: and It would be inexpedient to tax the people im- mediately for that putpose. Mow, then, can the State secure tbe money that may be necessary in ber emergency?But one practicable plan now presents itself to my mind, and that is to call upon the banks of tha State to come up to her aid. The course of events, and tbe sus-1 hat w e must in nine days seek an alliance, a s s neces-sity, with a ooarederaay of awctbera States, is ss plain tomy mind as the sun at noonday. To do this it is necessa-ry, as every one must see, to put tbe oraatry in a tho-locghatateoi military preparation. Ttut the separation abaarved by my fellow cattasns as a day of publicfoff- will be peaceful, should if occur before the inauguration• government avowedlytance that tbe specie in the vaults of toe banks shouldbe kept there, so far as it could be done, in order to aid souri, Kentucky snd Maryland* Tbey may dispensethe State in providing the means to sustain herself in the approaching crisis. It, would be inexpedient, at such a time, to tax the people, aad State bonds could not now be sold except at a great sacrifice. I considered it tbe dutyof interest with the manufacturing and grain grow- ing States of the North. We cannot. Providence has dispensed other blessings to this latitude,worship for tbe purpose of its proper observance, satthat tbey Implore Him t'o dispel the cloud, pregnant Wffhits dark shadow over our toad, aa* evil, which now casts It* darkurging him to call an extra sessioa of the Legislature:— my country." 1have, from early boyhood sad through- same time, to suspend specie payments and retain their The inquiry to, what shall Arkansas do? What will you, gle which gave us a name smear tat nations of the earth;lAKTxrva CH.UUJX*, AsaawHJS, Dae. 6, I860. CAW. JOHHCoirrss:—Diua Sa— Your favor of November 96 reached Anna- polis during m y absence oa a visit to the Eastern shore!I avail myself of the first leisure moment since my re- turn to thank you fr-r your truly patriotic letter, and to assure you that such a trespass is very gratifying to me.out my life, gloried In our admirable form of free govern-ment and equal rights, and have enjoyed to tbe full Itsonward march to glory aad renown minuant the greatapecie for the benefit and security of the State, so far as might be necessary.In this way a run upon tba banks would be avoided,my feDbw citizens, recently returned by the sovereign people s s cht sen guardians of their dearest rights d o to preserve snd protect inviolate tbe liberty, independence and bonor of your country men. each hour evolved beingand that He will renew and warm »ithin us those seati meats of love and affection which have hitherto charat tensed uasss nation.In witness whereof I bsve hereunto signed myand kfflxed the privy seal of the •aatoyof Al" bany, thia twenty-eighth day of liecci , in ta* ysarf our Lord one thousand eight hundredKDWIN D. MOBUAN.By the Governor, Locxwooa L. Dorr, IvivatoSearetary.PKOCLXMATTOK B T BUB KXCKIXBUTT WfLUAS BTaUGUff, GOVKBNOB OT THB BTATB Ol18LAKD AMD FBOTIDBBCB FLAXTATrOK*.In accordance with t h e proclamation o f «,.should relieve them from any censure. If oaaamata tofallupon any one,it should beuponme,and1relyfori letthemspeakalso.that wo amyKaBtaOKselvea. To my justification upon tbe manifest propriety and neces- ' prevent tbe migration from other States havaMJ anti Sla-O il. ge students. A third u the son «f on* ef ear SBBBsityofthesetaswellasthemotiveswhichinducedit. TheHankofMobile,andtheSouthernBankofAlabama declinetosuspend,butpatrkiticailypledgethemselvesto rateetbeproportion of theamountsuggestedinmylet-verytendencies,Iadvisethepassageofatawpre_ theimportationofnegroesintoArkansasfromany whatever,unless accompanied bytheirowners,who shallsettlesndbecomepermanentcittaens ofthecoun-lheaSan*created a at theofthesosr'^l •wywhovookrather mvsteriousiy. The matter wal not bafere the Police Court, ta BBBBBBBSBBBBS of thebility of the young men, wham, toaaaatha aahLfrom tbe cirevmstaaces of the ease aa we taarnea were Brutally beaten wtthoat gta tagth* ksata proau ^ChStaaJmor^A^d her location, la tbe midst of tbe slaveholdtag States, sad ter, should there be a necessity for it. These two banks try. The object of which is to compel the border States tha disturbanco SBthe aggrempowerandadvancementaretheadmirationoftheworld;with tbe authorities o f Virginia:—Hon. A . F . Hopkins of to truth, to her brethren Mobile, and Francis M. Gilmer, Esq., of Montgomery. and to herself. Thus Referring to these appointment* the Montgomery ( G O Ifcifsays— * * ' Judge Hopkins' high reputation, as a jurist Bad states-into tbe State revenue for the pre sentfor the purpose ef defence tTo'OOOmioasTtredbysastiBliexample should com-printed, and leave an ample fund i» tho Tvaasaij for allfuture contingencii a.As a peace measure I reccmmgmd ha n>y afidram deli-vered to you, a reduction uf the State tax from one sixthproper roan for the position. And, we may add, that no anti slavery sentiment of the North. He who thinks appointments made by tha Governor wfll give a.lU'-tll "-•«W_«W.•»••••«!»r,Aina«—tl»r»illlnl»M^»<ttinlr!•>«w Yorkwww.fultonhistory.comThe Ejection of Abraham Lincoln to the Presidency oflegacy. She can have no Northern sympathies, ao North- em efhliation, even in tbe Union, nor for tbe sake of It, after the** having like climate and productions, seeking athe fourth day of January, 1861, as s day to be set apart for humiliation, fasting and prayer throughout th*Untax, ta view of the present distracted and dangerous eaadt-ccmroonmarketthroughacommonchannel,havegone tionofourcountry;andnow,tacompliancewttt*BB>and it is oar salvation and daty to guard them. that He will preserve snd strengthen those fraternalThus presenting to y o u , in a few hastily prepared bonds, and that Union formed ta the midst of revoiutioa passages, the condition of the government to m y mind. snd cemented with the blood of tbe patriots of aatrugof Abraham Lincoln, to guaranteed by thePresident Buchanan, recently delivered to the Congress now in session.After descanting upon the power supposed to exist tahim as President of tbe United States, to use coercivem e a n s a g a i n s t a S t a t e s e c e d i n g f r o m t h e U n i o n , M r . B uchanan hays:—"Ibe question fairly stated is: Doss theconstitution detegste to Congress the power to force a.banaa. President of the United State*, which annexed, I, Wilham Sprague, Governor of. the Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, do hi commend that Friday, the 4th day of Jaauary 18tng and prayer, and that tbey assambie inlive places of worship with offerings ofAlmighty God for tha safe daliveraac*country from her Impendtagdanger a.mithat our law* may be' faithfully aand fear]o u r c o n s t i t u t i o o n n as a a d d U U n n i i o o n n m m a a y y b b e e pi r e s e r v e s _ Mginal strength sad purity, and those who have charge of our national affairs be imbued with sufficient aatrtattas aad courage to maintata tha govareBaant taviotate sad ation I have arrived a t the conclusion that a o such power has been delegated to Congress, nor to any other depart meat of the federal government."year e f onr Lord one thousand eight hundred aad sixty and *f Independence the eighty fifth. WM. 8FSAGUK1 am strongly urged from various parts of tbe State toconvene the legislature, for the purpose of authorising gress impeach a black republican President? Never. ef Statan Island, are stopwtagat the Lafarg* zaouse.tbe banks to suspend speecie payments, and thus enable But tbe power and force* of the federal government, as the m to retain their specie for the purpose suggested. soonaspossible,we maywell calculate,wulbebyhim I have reflected much and anxiously upon the subject. levied and brought to bear against nay aad all State*I am satisfied were I to convene the Legislature for tbe attempting separation from the general govern-Bon. Francia Granger, cf Canandaigua, P. 3. Anbia.a* 1 hitadelph:a; Charles SherriB and family, of Cuba. Ota Turnbull, of Boston, and Mrs. Treatman and family, of 81 Louis, are stopping s t the St. Nicholas Hotel.lieutenant McCork. of the United State* Army; W .f Grivot.efNewOriesns; Mrs. Bancroft, of Beaton D. t Kignet. J. R. Maxwell aad J. F . Maxwell, of Alabama, ait stepping at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.Letthepeoplespeak through thaw detagates;fixthedestiny of the State aad all will unite ta the verdict. IT they are aow under ndamee; aad BBS arts* there are any among us who are deaf to the adasonition of of the m are likely to be confinedi to their room* for aa*»"V>_ „ _M. Hemmingman ana wife, o f htobato, aad A . N . Wtosat.andmostwealthymercbaata. deal of excitement aad tomanyBBBBNrumors,ii abebowlofficehetagfouadXV BATCHB8.forbatoftar ratal.  