 \transferred to lh>- Court of ricn-nos has b-vn deme-l. meet aud people the ooeameodaUoo and approval itTbe accused ta averse to being tried in Han Francisco, an 1 It i» ttlteved more* for the transfer, hoping that the District Judge would g n a t the appliaatioa. The counsel of Judge Terry bare no- hopes of succeeding in such a matter with the County Judge. An appeal has been taken to the Supreme Court, before which tribunal tba case ta BOW pendingso richly deservedResolved, That the course of the officers aad man of theragua to arrange the baeas of a treaty with tOat re-the frontier tribes of savages, now tn open war against the defence less borders.D P Belknap hat been appointed by the Probate Courtf e c i a l adminhurato- on the estate of the late SenatorBroderlck. The anphcaiiou for general tetters of admin e f ar.J hydrography clearly point out the biuu laryof Wi Ham N. and Liase J Ooghdl. „. Dcona-to San Pablo, Dec. 11, Daniel Dodds, aged Z4y f E ^ i j a — la Sacramento, Dec. 7, Naauett Bckles, age*Mr. Harris for pubocalijo —U.c ATIOUor TWEUmiF.e BTAriav iistraUoa has not jet been dec; t«d. The Court w still bear- ing evidence.dr Haro is the one alone therein referrcd^to, atraightestccunty, Dec 4, Ada, daughter of N. and Betsey Farrtng-^atS^-i-S- ^r^^L^aflLhS' lite, youngest childjcf Edward and Margaret D. Gallagtter,IMPORTANT FROM SOUTH AMERICA.Settlement ot tHe War ta Batao* Ayree— Treaty •**Peatoa wltm Gte. frquixaand mott direct, much the wider, deeper and the better from Uuyamae, ropui ta that »he led the latter port Oc fir navigation, as proven by the soundings. ThereThe Genba, which arrived in this port on the 16th inst,totoer 12, with part cargo of Hour for Maaailaa, where the can be no doubt of the American title. That the doubt,vts*el waa boarded and brought, to anchor outeide the harbor by a lieatecant from her British Majesty's frigate, Am. thy at, Captain 3ydsey Crenlell. The Geuba waa al-wed to proceed oa hair voyage after discharging bar ^ Mir oa the Island of Veaido, where it would remain ta Captain Grenfell'a aafe keeping until the arrangement ofthe question pending with the authorities of Mazatlan.A i orreepoadeat of the Sacramento Democratic Slam- dsrd, wriung from Martpoea, toll* of the final settlement of the dtaVumea betweea Ootonel Fremont and the Mercedif say eaut, is entirely dispelled b> the language of the trait}', surrendering as much of Vancouver Island as lies tooth of the fort> ninth parallel to Great Britain That such was the meaning of the treaty, and such has ever since been rccogLized, in the erection of counties in the State of Oregon and the Territory of Washington, and the exercise of Judicial jurisdiction for years over said island.Meet IDS OFthe Ifs>eada Territorial Legts- laisire—tiov. Roop'i Pra«i»SBsS»slosi.aged 3 years, 7 months and SO days. • -under arms, and, until recently, repulsed the governmentharbor cu the we*: ot Mpfcoa will be selected to li»utf Wee* Osta end See nonce « hi he gives ef in earns aad tae date eaMining Company Colonel Fremont is now in full possessloe of tne mines adjudged to him by the decisions of theOourta without any vwtoaoe being used towards alveraectaimanta. The Sttmtlmd correspondent aa>-a:—I visitedthe celebrated Josephine and Pine Tree veins, aleo the se-veral mills in the possession of Colonel Fremont, at journed to the first Monday in January, iSftO. The follow- weU aa the Mount *Ophir mill, formerly owneding proclamation from Gov. Boop has been pubhshed.— Having been culy elected by you as Executive of the decision of the caaa, entitled Biddle Boggs vs. provisional government of Nevada Territory, sod deeming the Merced Mining Company, Colonel Fremont recovered it my duty to address jou upon the subject of our separa- the Mount Ophir mill, and by the Judgment of the District tion firm the curte of Mormon legislation, I present to yon Chart la Fremont vs. Crenshaw and others, he was ad- my reasons why vour organization of the provisional gov-" m £ ? S ; Sacr^eeto, Dec. 13. Sallie C , daughter of John and L. T Heard, aged 10 years. J Hiu>«mt - l a Sacramento, Dec. 7, Wilhatn B , son ofby the Merced Miovg Company. By the finalThe victorious army marched ©n rapidly to the walls ofHn8TOi!r-TnSan rYanclseo, Dec. IT, of scarlet^ever Vcommittoe of citizens came forward to offer a frater- on until the last vestige of the property and of the familyjudged to be entitled *o the possession ot the 'BlackDrill" from whieh the Mount Ophir mill was fed. Al-though acme resistance was at first threatened to the exe-cution of the process of the law, I am happy to hear thatbetter coanaela have prevailed, and that the Colonel is property. We had petitioned Congress for relief against now in peaceable and quiet possession of what has beenUavalid and J«6 Marmol.The Confederation was represented by General DonThomas Guldo.The representatives of the English and French govern-Naval intelligence at this port ta uninteresting. We are in daily expectation of the arrival of the Wyoming, which sailed from Philadelphia early in September for this port, via Bio Master George E. Law. late of the storeeblp Fre- doaia, was detached from her and sailed in the Lancasteradjudicated to him by tie highest tribunal In the land.Messrs. T. L. Horn A On., segar dealers, ftuled last week- They have since arranged tn such manner with their srediiors that the firm is allowed one year to liqui- date. Their stock is fuHfr able to meet all their liabilities.The Santa Clara Mining Company, of Baltimore, have commenced an action in the United States Circuit Court, against Hohart Hdridge, Henry Leurenoel and^others, to m o v e r $15,000 damages lor entering upon-ceruin quick- silver mining ground, and injuring the lend, catting downthe unjust and illegal attempts of Mormons to force upon as laws and customs obnoxious to every American. We bad no courts nor county organizations save those con- trolled br the sworn satellites of the Salt Lake oligarchy. Oar political rights were entirely at the will of a clique composed of those who were opposed to the first principles of our constitution and the freedom of the ballot box.Coder these circumstances, ail endeavored to relieve ourselves from these impositions, and believing that a provisional government would best assure us protection of Ufe, limb and property, we held our election and made all necessary arrangements for the formation of a tem- porary government, until Congress shouli gire us jus-engagements agreed to. FredoDia, has been relieved, and left in the steamer of The points agreed upon which we yet know of are the the 16th inst.. for the United States, via Panama. Lieu-tenant James M. Watson has been appointed in his stead. A decree of the general government was yesterday pro- mulgated , ordering the Custom Houses of the republic to ror ward monthly to the Treasury Department at Santiago (seat of government) all notes of hand given by the mer- 25 vears from Essex county, N. Y. j The home and foreign debt of Buenos Ayres is recognised as cantile community for duties. All duties here over a cer-C^Tacob Odell has been discharged from his debts and tice and protection. Since our election we have been de- son of William and Eliza McPhun, aged 8 years and ' ho has been replaced by TJavallol.liabilities in this city. i prived, by dispensation of Providence, of our esteemed months. . A decree of divorce has been granted by the Sacra delegate to Congress, JameaM. Crane, whose whole en- MiuxN—In Sacramento, Dec. 15, John Henry, son ofThe convention met on the 10th of November.mento Patriot Court laj the case of Louisa Nelson vs. Charles Ncson.A new military company baa been organised in this city, called the "McMatyn Grenadier GuarnV' The name aaorted is that of the hero of Magenta. The company is composed in part Of IrWh and native born citizens.J J Musser, delegate elect from Nevada Territory (Caretn Valley), leaves- today (or Washington. Judge Cradlebaugb, of the United States District Court, Utah, \i now in Caliiornia en rottto lor the Atlantic States.A company lias been formed in this city for the erection of an observatory. A Jconstderable sum of money has been collected for the purpose.A ladieb lair, held atjlusical Hall during the week, Tor the benefit of Grace (Ejfscopal) church, realised $5,000 clear of expenses. Tnefcongregatiou are about building a splendid edifice. •A. J Thayer. Unit <1ftates District Attorney tor Ore gon has forwarded his lesighation lo Washington.tireat excitement w i * caused at Oakland last wetk In consequence of W C. g'ease.a lawyer, killing Edward Norris. The homicide jgrew out of tquatter difficulties, deceased having refused to quit the land of the son in law or Tease The accounts of the affair published so farergies were devoted to the best interests ot our people, John and Catharine Mullen, aged 2 years, 2 months anaprovinces are worthy of a bettor fate than has as yet be- fallen them.would indicate that North* was in fault, though the people which extend to them a reasonable protection under thedays. In the domestic produce market but little business tionary forces under Nieta, and the government troopsat first threatened to lyich Pease. The laUer is now in Jail.Lawrence Gillian w a | recently killed by a tree falling on hun, at Canuncbo Cbmp, Calaveras county. H" was from Oelway, lreiana, apd aged nfty«tbree years.circumstances.But few members of the Oounc'l aod House of Pe!egatC3Page It is nevertheless clear that another aud still more has been done, and there is but a limited demand for any commanded by General Posada, was fought at Barran- There Is but Utile news to send you from this republic. formidable expedition than that of Commodore Perrycounty, Dec. 6, by Nalhiniel Mclean, and died in a short time.John Roberts baa b e * held to answer the charge ofthe sense of justice of Congress, and that it will this ses we did not hear of the offer being taken. There haveKieta's official account of the battle states that Posa- session.oua power must be cheeked at all hazards. We are accredited as the key to the Japanese empire, and it will never do to let It slip from our grasp, or show ourselves unable to open and keep open tbe long locked gates of Japanese exclusivecees.SPECIAL NOTICES.to the whites.S a i e i d e o f a N e w Y o r k e r — S a d C h a p t e r I n S o c i a l L i r e .A late California sajier publishes the following:—A painful circumstance, illustrative of Ufe in CaM'oruia, Sessions for stealing a quantity of shoes from the United I occurred yesterday. Among the passengers by the mail States Appraiser's store, and declared not guilty. Rankin steamer Orizaba was Mrs. Nathau Moser, who came In and a man named Williaai Dolao were arretted, charged < search of her husband. She brought letters fromof an axe. The body wife covers! withknile wonuds and j filled with bullets The murderer is unknown.On Sunday, Nov. 27. Jqhn M. Grey was killed by Geo Hodges, at Fort Tejon, diving a quarreL Ho lges was de- livered over to the military commander.Great alarm eiists in the southern districts of Chile, on account of the gathering of the Aranconian Indians tn large numbers, and who threaten to invade the province of Aranco. Fears are entertained that they may advanceHARNDFN'd M P RUB.DAILYforwards Yeluab!*« aad Merchandise to anl from, aai so/tee* grain, bills, too, to all para of theF.AHT. WK8T AND SOOTH. Will receive good*, or ardors to "ead," at74 BBOAOWATREMOVAL—DR. MOTT HAS REMOVED FROM Bleeeker street to No. 1 Qramerer Park, corner ef Beet TweatyMbet street.S0M8 OF TEMPRRAKOE.—THE QUARTERLY RES3IOK of the Grand Division of Eastern New York, will com menoe on Wednesday afternoon, Jan. 11, at two o'clock P M. at 166 Fulton street, Brooklyn Officers and representativesare requested to be punctual in their attendance.JOHN DA VIES, Grand Scribe.William Raukin was tried last week in the Court ofing sentiment of the entire Confederation is in favor ofpeace, and but little doubt exists that in consequence ofthe deteat of Posada, aud the general dissatisfaction ex-pressed throughout the country at the passage of theelection and other objectionable laws by the last O-n- further north, should a sufficient number of govern- gress, President Oapina will be forced to recede from his ment troops not be Bent south to repel them. The go- support of those measures, and will have to recommend vernment is preparing to send large reinforcements to the to the next Congress their repeal. province of Aranco.John B. Lewis, has also been found guilty as charged. j husband, bat with secret misgivings that some calamity A fire broke out in the city on the morning of the 18th i bad befallen him. She applied, therefore, to Mr. Busteed, inst. at the corner of Broadway and Dupont street, de- | who made such legal arrangements for her as were ne- stroying two flee stores and their contents. Martin Na- 1 ossuary, and started with the introductory letter above mentioned. Mr. Busteed also wrote a private letter to I Messrs. Barstow, with full details of the matter, enclosingall the States of the Granadian Confederation, with the one There is but little activity in the Valparaiso market inthe collieries.PERU.Ol'a LIMA CORRESPONDENCE.LMA, Dec. 12,1859.some bars even higher being taken at par. while none and New Fear on the Isthmus, <tc ration of the statue of Bolivar, which took place in this IWg, in Fifth avenue. The owner can have the sime bythanson, proprietor of obi of the stores (millineryJ, has be* a arrested on a charge of ars a.THE MEMBERS OF ENTERPRISE LODGE, NO. 221. F. and A. M , are requested to meet in the lodge room ou Wednesday, Ian 11. at u o'clock M . and from there prooee 1besides one for Mr. Moser. On the arrival of the lady she communicated with Messrs. B , who immediately promised to make Inquiries for her husband, giving her assurances that they should not be long iu ascertaining as ta his whereabouts, if the thing was possible. Upon in- vestigation these gentlemen learned that the missing man was the one mentioned In the Sacramento paper as hav- ing killed himself a few night* since, and the inquest in relation to which the pipers contained on Thursday last. It appears that Mr. Moser arrived here several moDths since, on the Golden Age, and during the passage was robbed of several gold watches and other valuables. This ill luck continued alter bid arrival in this city and is Sacramento, and beitg of a desponding turn of niind, he was at length driven to suicide. This act he committedthe orders issued by Went Scott prior ti hi.« departure He was inmnlly killed. Mr. Barstow immediately re- from 1'uget Sound. Our dates from Victoria are to Deo paired to the room oi his wife, and imparted the news toto repeal the obnoxious laws.The United States steamer Saranac having sailed hence for San Juan del Sur on the V2d ult., there are but two American vtsscls of war in port, viz—flag ship Lancaster and slop LevantS.8ehih, By order. _ A. J. MclINNES, Master. CHILIS liaaranvG, Secretary pro tern.L O S T A N D F O U N D .r UND-OM THE19THOF DECEMBER. A BAG OON tainiLg wash. Can be had at 274 «th avenue by i»r,.»tnaInformation has been, received to the effect that the I authorities tn Germany are taking stringent measures to | prevent the exportation from thence of girls to fill dance cellars in this city.The overland mail stagefrom St. T/>uis, with dates to November i8, arnved,h*r« last night.The rates of passage on. the Sonora t o d a y from San Franc'.sco to New York are—Cabin, $132,' $107, $70; steerage, $47 50.' T h e B o u n d a r y D i s p u t e . DISSATISFACTION WPTH GENERAL SCOTTd COURSE- MISTING OP AMKKICAN8 ON SAN JL'AS ISLAND-OCR ASriKWALL, C0RRE3P0KDKKCI. ASPINW AIX, Jan. 2,Inauguration of the Statue of Bdivar—Vongrtisional Elec- tions—Spanish Guano Contract, dx.E.NDOK.-EMKNT OF l»KN. HARNEY.The United States steamier Massa-riu'-'tts arrived at by lying dowu and placing the muzzla of i guncity on the 9th inst, in the presence of au immense con- course of people. The ceremony was not a very imposing one. The mlutary, which was out tn full force, made aPortland, I>ec 8, with troojw from the island of San Juan.This change In location has taki n place in conse-q tence ofThere have-becn some sales at auction during Uir- day, i ocsistuig of the usual assortment at clothing, dry gooda, against bis bead, and pulliDg the trigger with his foot boots, shoes, fancy goods aud toys for the holidays, butIX Gov. Douglas had Unsolved the Legislative Avwoi bly of Vancouver's Island,'and an election for new mem- bers was to take place m a few days. The Governor in Ins Message uiak.es nh atluiiou whatever tj the Sau J i iu question, or to the visit sf fien Scott. He aiipears to be satafled with the course ofiGen Scott.The mauner in which th« Sun Juan question was treated by Gen. Scott has given, great dlsaal^factiou to thi p» >ple In Oregon and TV ashington.', Ha course is strongly en- sured, and the press condemn indurnantly his coiica aions to the bnghah. The Olympia 1'mneer i;iys:—Kever has an; thing i«csrrsd in the history of our Territory whichhasmetw1thsoheartyaeondemoaUon fromallclaases of our people, trceao«cUv» of party and party prejutices as baa Uus recent act of the great "faciOeator, ° Geuerad scolu in so basely deaerOna ourrldh*. to the iilaud A -San Juan and the almost treacheroiis ooaceisions made to the lmpoti :aue demands of the EnglishfeTenty ttro yearaof a*4iv«ihfe. spent In the nervlrs of his country, in the defence of her rights, property and poam-anioua, forma a part ef 3ur naO)>n's history, is lutinateh euuuees- Sd with tie rise and progosssiof our institutions the eitenslon of her area, aad a aisaesainanon of tne senuaaeuia oi civil and rengto'ia liberty throi'shp';' the earth—a nerixi during whieh the alneteat scrutiny wdl fail to discover a single error to deprecate, or bring the "crimson blush of shame" t > mantle the cheeks of millions of admirers. Would to God thu well earned fame had remained uns'uued, and that time h«d been spared a seventy third ysar-r-ihe year which witnessed the only deed which deserves the censure and condemnation of his countrymen. But tn eonatdarsuoa of his many services, aril out of charity to old age and an enervated body, let ta. who are rectoIsms of the blessings }> which he, In no trifling mea- sure, has conduced, pardon this his iirst and only great error— an error not pardonable In one in the enjoyment of more youthful age or mental vigor.The press attribute to General Scott jealousy of General Harney as influencing his actions, and bitterly complain that more youthful men were not permitted to arrange the difficulty.The Washington Territorial Legislature met at Olympi* December 6, and organised. \ The Governor, In his Mes- sage, Is quite strong on the San Juan question. It is said that it speaks for itself—is bold and decisive. There is nodesire to avoid the difficulty: he comes plainly to the point. He openly avows his disapproval of the course pursued by General Scott, and condemns the administration for allow- ing him to rettnqnish, to any extent, the claims of the United States to the island.MaWrtNO OF AJUDUCAItS OMTHX ISLAND OP SAN JCAN. The following proceedings of a meeting of the American settlers upon San Juan island, held at the warehouse of Baker & Roberts, in the town of San Juan, on Friday even-rains, they were lost, and Dr. Ball died from fatigue* suf- fering and starvation.He was buried by two natives, without cofflu or funeral.You will remember that Dr. Ball was lost oace in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, snd met a narrow escape of life. He was a great traveller.were observed to the churcn, aud several orations deliMrcil. The principal orator was General Flores. Tlk- receive ihe thants of the on :ier and be rewarded. statue is erected in the Plaza de la Piquisicion.BJj*JJon la beheveChristiana Horner.>UowiB t ROBISSOX—TOWJWWD —In San Francisco, Dec. 14, James quickest passages ever made to this port.bii.*-.It years, » months aad • daya Boasrocou.—In Jan Fvaactaco, Dec If,son of Henry aad ~aad who carried with him to the grave the kindest wi»hes of us all, and who should have inscribed upon his tombstone, "An honest mau—the noblest work of God."Within the past few months an attempt has been made by Judge Cradlebat'gh to establish the United Slates His trict Court in this district. Appealing to us, as he did, with the prestige of las noble stand agaiust Salt Lake le- gislation, we at ouce yielded to him and bis court all the restwet ever accorded in any community; but notwith standing all his endeavors, backed by the good wishes of the people, the so-called laws of Utah Territory have proved to bun au insurmountable barrier.We have now m rxnik- to Washington as delegate to Con gress, to represent us and our wishes. John J Musser, unanimously elected by the people to fill the vacancy oc- casioned by the decease of the lameuted Crane, aud in whom they all place the most implicit confidence.The recent discoveries of gold, silver, copper and lead mines, have caused an influx of population totally uuex petted at the time of our late Couveutioo. The new itnroi gration is compased of the bone and sinew of California; of men who are disposed to pay all due obedience to laws27 days.PANNKIX — At Campo Seco. Dec. 15, Dr. Wm. PanneU, anative ot Virginia, aged 44 years.REIMJARJIT—In Sin Francisco, Dec 12, Wtlhelmtne So-phia, only daughter of William and Luise Bernhardt, aged 4 vears, 8 mouths ind 23 days"Rooca—In San Francisco, Dec. 11, Frederick Rooch, a native of Prussia, aged 28 years.SMITH.—On the Cueumues, Sacramento county, Dec. 18, Martha, wife oi George A. Smith, and daughter Of .lames and Susan Shannon, formerly of Dundee, Yates county, N.Y.SMITH.—At the Oak Sprang House, Mariposa county, Dec 10, Amelia, iufant daughter of L. H. P. Smith, aged lb months.VAN YORK —In Sacramento. Dec. 12, James Van York, a native of New York, aged 32 years.M a r k e t R e p o r t . [From the San Frauctsco Herald]Battle of BarranquiUa—Defeat of the Go-father, himself indigent, is at the point of ceath with conhave sesembled in accordance with the call for their elec-her in the mobt delicate and gradual manner posaib'e. Iiespite the misgivings which had filled h,-r mind, the in- telligence wa? a dreadful shock to the urhappy lady It was .i a<\ termination to the pleasant expectations she had indulged of being again united to her husband. Her arrival iu Cali'ornia was about tweuty-four hiurs after the inquest ufoii the body.M a r r i a g e s a n d D e a t h s . BtARRtBDAuaaa— HANSON— At Mokelumne Hill, Dec. 11, Albert F Ailams- and Miss Emma F Hatson.BAIIKY—MATHKWS—InSanFrancisco,Dec.19,Mr.J.L. Bailey to Mi?? M. Mathews.BRYAM—Lu\ is —In Sau Francisco. Dec 15. by Rev Mr. Fszgerald. Mr. Thomas Br. ant n Miv, Martha E Davis.CAWICKON—Romjtv —Iu San Francisco, IVC. 9 Richard Cameron t« Aunc Rodley.Cooi'EK—Gm.-iw"i>i.i>—Iu Sacramento, Pec. 12. by Rev. H. Baker, Harrison W. Cooper to Saiina M uriswoM.DAME—EOKII—In Marvsvilie, l>ec 15, by Rev. K B. >Valsworfh. R D. Dame to Sarah X FordDavit--—UOKIHK.—In Sau Francisco, John Davis to Anna Derdie. **,PBAiaos—CAVH-03.—At Red B'ufT, Dec. 12, W. H Deaison to Josephine Campos.no sales of groceries or heavy merchandise.Kivrti Curs< n Valley we have advices that indicate a great scarcity in provisions, stating that prices ar* enor- mous, flour is selling at $34 per bhl , jiork StO: wheat—• 2,0U> lbs were scld at Genoa on the evening of ihe 9th at 10c. per lb., which figure was considered full loWjUa* der ail circumstances. Miuers were arriving in lar<p> nuisV hers, and unhe-> there are seine additions to the amountof provisions now there, prices will still advance.The Great Steamship Race to Asplnwall f r o m N e w Y o r k .OCR ASP1NWALL CORRESPONDENCE. ASPISWATX, Jin 2, 1860.TieN'orthStaranived at her wharf inAspinwall oh the afternoon of tlie 27th ult., at 5:20 and the Atlantic at 5*5. The paeseugers by each ship crossed the Isthmus early the following morning.The ari ival of the North Star in advance of the Atlantic created the liveliest excitement in Aspinwall. ThedsT- erence in time from New Y ork, a distance, of over 1,900miles, was only about ten minutes.On the evening of the first day out the Atlantic passed the North Star, and left her out of sight loag before mill- night. Nothing was seen of her until the filth day, whenHe left Boco del Toro with a native to explore on Fish it was a great day. At any rate, they seemed to enjoy creek. After being out three days, expjsei to drenching the festivities very much. The usual religious ceremoniess"preambleandresomtioaswerereportediS.S.RobinsontoAugustaD.Townsepd. Wearrivedherethisafternoonat6A0—makingourNEWSFROMTHESOUTHPACIFIC wayalady—onlytwentythreeyearsofage,aadnever orstolenfrom21«Greenwichstreet,onSaturday.Jan.7.»«, the Ameriear residents aad settlers up- STAIB—r,orrn.- In San Francisco, Dec. 18, Conrad"**»*Juan.de firmly and coassienuously Staib to Dorethea C Goetae.^hnJls? p*ft ^ Washington Territory, STOWART—Cox.—InSacramento,Dec. 15. by Rev. Mr.rVtwihPo-»*»fc*7nne betweentheUnited Stttes >Shuck,JohnH.StewarttoFannieMariaCox.i True*—DBTA.VK —In Sasramento, Dec. 9, by the Rev.passage In seven days three hours andAwenty minutes. We are all delighted with the ship and her accommo- dations,whichareexcellent, Imustclose,asweeotoPii- namathisevening, where the UncleSamtowaitingtor£Three^dollars wttl bepaid for his return. Persona' keeping1 separatesthec^ta^rrtea^vtSl^i^ "T*^ ![?S1 Dr. T. C. Davie, J. P. Tyler to R. Delane. YoRKiTH—SAMMY.—In San Francisco,Chilean Political Exiles on their Way to England—The Peruvian Army Still at ttnayaquil—Congressional D o i n g * i n Chile—Budget and Banks-Dread of the Indians In the Sooth—Trade Reports—* C REWARD-LOOT ON THURSDAY RVRNtira. 5TH•PO lest.earnerofG.-•-,- . T ' ——• - ~- — sswlsssad Harrison streets, a tancolored Tamer alat w*s SOBS ears aad red leather collar; ..tothei iofFas. theasovsrewardwmbepais11,island as s portion ef thepublicwomasTar^S?i, ?*5 ity,Dec.13,Mr.JohnWhitcrafttoMrs. Elizabeth Mark- party AcorrespondentoitheAUawritesthattheauthDecWhereas, so bebevtaa, w« bav7iSttid'd»TM>» «... Wiim-HAH—-MARKHAM—InlagoonValley,Solanocoun-K e w t Tepichasbeenrecapturedbytheforcesofthechurchacts of the LegMative l^VbSFZZ JP***" «nd by I Christian Vorrath to Christiana Sammy. lutedaportionofthecountys/What«J•^^tory, COOiU"f r o mM e x i c o .ocrsitiii and - *heUnitedhklSBB•inas « • * • "Whereas the Governor of Vanoonver huaad i> .ham.OIK>.Amax.—In Sacramento, Dec 16, John A. Abern, aged'36years,anativeofIrelandritiesatMazatlanpaid$13,000totheBritishfrigate thyst as a return of the money taken from Allsop, ConsulatSanBias. Themoneywaapaidtosavethec from bombardment threatened by the captainof the thyst, who bad prepared to shell the place. The _I f 0 ! w 5 ? S * * lnd»P»M»* •* the conduct of the captain oi ! l m e 1 ^ g c ^ c t t m M , , y * " * ^ to " * TM " » * + M The liberals wereaboutto send an army against TepicThe English mail steamship Bogota arrived at Panama oa the 20th of December, with news from the South Pa- cific dated at Valparaiso the 1st and Caluvo the 12th of December.{ ANPKRSO.N —In Sacramento, Dec 10, William, only son •hit only to American law, for the purpose of trying him I** George B and Margaret Anderson, aged 2 years andSan Francisco and Japan, «&o, dec.The schooner Emma, fifty three days from Bakedadi, arrived at San Francisco Dec 17. The bark Onward] thirty eight days from Kanagawa, and the schooner Page,aboverewardwillbepaidonreturntotbeowner.J. T. SPSNCER. ESS West Forty third street.«J>- REWARD-feTRAYin OR STOLEN FROM THE * w Gratnerev Park Hones, a briadle bull Terrier Slut; some wake on her head, breast aad tali, the flader will re- solve $6 reward by leaving her at the offioe of Oraaserey Park House, between Twentieth sad Twenty first street, near Third sad Fsmlh avenuesand sabject lo American law) an American ciiisetTame?by aConrt of Vancouver Island; aad * - * • » • \ » days.Several prominent political characters opposed to the•listing government of Chile, arrived at Panama ia tbaBogota, and proceeded to England. Among them waaSenor Ona, who has beea under arrest several times iaValparaiso on account of his suspected complicity with The two last named vessels brought valuable cargoes ofthe said Governor of Vanoonver Island, Bra 1 to be Ospatched Brttisn ves-of war, to overawe oar people sad occupyWm. a Harney, jii—in-;.iiJie<l sad popular Department of Oregon—inof regakurs to occupy said sn lett by the exigencies approbation, of every American ror right aad treaty, confirmed to of junedic-canm eon-AMMncoioji —At Janesvil'e, Shasta county, Nov. 30, Al i£2J* Edward and Jane Armington, aged 3 months.a » 2 I » * I - - » Victoria, V. I , Dec. J, Mrs. Ithry B J s x a . 8 ^ * S* Sydney, Australia, born in 1807.thirty three days from Francisco D e c 18.the sameport,arrivedat San'engenderiag dtfflerilues I^twesu the two"fteai ^Tw»rs of the earth; tttat h« coo°>*>aanthe Hat ult., bringing dates from SalvadorUntitled Document""> loth of same mooth****>»*. her Britanaic Majesty's MinistertoCentralThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069HtruceJmut-JiPatXMicOar ABsawsatm Ommd tntUtt Bmeouatur Refuted, dc.*V«vee*v P«raene.Mrs J.12^!. Sacramento county, Dec. 16, of|bvl,LswhOBarrij, Dec JohnD. and Harriet Lyear of her age.BnwB-InSsn Francisco, Dec. U, of SMttja L ^aad a ballet hole over his eye. She was from Bio Js astro aad bound to San Francisco, consigned to James Patrick to Co.NEWS FROM CENTRAL AMERICA.The steamer not having called ia at Guayaquil, we have no later news direct from that place.time the readiestyears might otherwise Sarah,only chdd of Capt A M ana Sarah K. S a y i a T S The British steam corvette Alert arrived hare from Idsarajeaai HsJh rtmntsi sfmawmu ofLathrop A Seedington, 23 and ft Park place, the fladsr wfll &£2L r!; A J ^ i . * •STto^aus^iaaT^aoaae^. receive the above reward.NEW Y O R KT U E S D A Y ,America, had concluded a convention with the Governsrd f.'rsce CaabL', agc4 St months.tiAaa —At Fort Vuma. Dec. *, First Lieutenant D. O.Cark. ot the Sixth reftmont of Uniud Staten MTM**!:. CiARK-In Yoba county, Nov. 30, Samuel G. Clark, Prf-solv d. That the title sot up by Gre*t Britain—to jas "oocmu-'lto San FrM 8 ls». Dec. 14, Willia, inaat sonacmy occupy teg said island entitles them to our warmest thanks and adtn.ration.PUHe"was conveyed from La Union to R e e k y e b y theAlert, which vessel left this part oa the 80th ultimo, ouher return to ReaJejo, for the purpost, eoubtleas. of talt warlike and most formidable enemiee, living ia the cen The following communication was also receivei from ins Mr Wyke to some other government of Central Americe, most probably to Costa SiM, to uaiah up Sir Wmti'v an invasion ot American soil, to kidnap and try by a foreign court an American Ma-ii-the attempted oocu psney by a British fieet,bk>ck:»diDgtU,?port of Sau J u a n - is futile and prepontertwa tn the highest degree. Geograe defined by the treaty. That the channel of the Caaa! 2 FA^NCTOS -At Saw Mill ' ^t, Whiskeyt^MfcasUThe first Legislature ot Nevada Territory met aad or-ganised December 1ft, at Genoa,Carson Valley. GovernorReop delivered bis Message. A comtnittee of three was HmZ, so? eTwaiiam and Mary Hayes, aged 3 year. apnoint*d to draft a memorial to Congress to expedite the^formation of s new Territory. The Legislature then ad-ernment would, at the present time, be impolitic. At the time we were compelled to assemble in our sovereign ca- pacity to tndeavor to rid ourselves of the theocratic rule of the Mormons, we had no protection for life, limb orl«,Bentamiu F. Jenklna, late of Massachusetts, aged 32 years. T*rr-r»»CarlH E R A L D ,Ca.-ras - l a Nevada, Dec 13, John, infant soft of John mont of Honduras, after which he proceeded to Nice abled to toro ite attention to vigorous operatioas against4Cn\^tTsanrranrisco, D e c ^ f ^ f f ^ S J daugtter or.WIUiam anl Charlotte M. Goldsmith,.aged*'^L^IlnlSamento, Dec.10,P.E.Haight,anativ.« ^ g ' 3 E £ r S Z n * » , ButU.county, Dec 8, Charles G. Hall, formerly oi Guernsey, Onto.era respecting that part of South America which w* justly behoved on the brink of aa abjss, aad threatened sritb a bloody aad desolating war.In our last reviewwestatedthatGen.Urquhw,atthe bead of the army of the Confederation, had crossed the frontiers of the State of Buenos Ayres, whose forces were preparing to receive him at a few leagues from ArroyoOn the 23d of October, Gen. Urquisa, wtth an army of 10.000 men, entered the Buenos Ayrean territory, and a bloody encounter took place, in which Gen. Urouixa waaarrival of the steamer Independence on the 27th from the Southern ports, news waa received of aa encounter between the military and the Indians, in which the latter lost over one hundred killed, aad were completely rooted. The government torcea were, however, superior ia num- bers and provided with artillery.The ferocity of these Indians may be gathered rrom the folkmtng circumstance:— One.of their caciques, upon the breaking out of the difficulties, came to Santiago, and offered his services to the government. Learning this fact, the watlike tribts, after solemn deliberation, sur- rounded his dwelling, drove his family and even his live block within, and setting fire to the house, calmly lookediOWMSF.KD IIARRIS, Miostter Resides* On the day the Onward left there was a rumir oarreat that the EnglishOonsulhad ordered all English citiaeos «* go armed, as threats had been made against them by theJapanese.Lacquered goods bad rises two hundred par eeat, aadwere very rcarce. A great many vessels were lying at Kanagawa. doing nothing. A few were loading for China with fish, seaweed. Ac. Government sessned determines to throw every obstacle possible tn the way of trade, aad a tew dsys before the Onward left, aa order was issued that no merchant should sell over fifteen picals of any one article of merchandise per day. The Onward had fortunately- put chased her cargo before this retttrictioa was imposed, or she would have been obliged to return w ballast.It was almost impossible to get money changed by the government for Japanese currency. They weald only exchange fifty dollars per day for saeh oae thousand<\ui lars ottered, aad as the Japanese merchant? would not receive any com except Japanese, it was almost taeposn ble to do any business (br a week before the OnwarS sailed. 'Business at Nagasaki had entirely stopped oa this accountSome of the crew of the Pbwbataa, who were ashore on liberty, bad a fight wtth some Japanese, sad daring the melee a Japanese was killed. 1 hi.- has creeled quit*feeling against the Americans, and the commander of the Powhatan is much blamed for allowing his men liberty under the circumstances. A Chinaman was aisamtrdcicd by tbe Japanese a few days before the Onward sailed.[From the San Francisco Herald, Dec. lfl.JIt is a subject of no tittle gratification that the port ofSan FrsncKco a rapidly Incoming, if not already eetab tiehed, ss the principal trading city between tbe civilised world and tbe long hermetically sealed Japanese empire Already a most lucrative business has sprung op bet wees us, and we justIv deem ourselves the most favored me- dium of commercial intercourse with Japan. No other city in the world, for the space of over two hundred years, has done so much immediate business with the Japanese as San Francisco. The growing aad monetary importanr* of the Pacific coast, the uillux of Chinese, with whom the people of Japan have ever maintained intimate coma&sr rial relations, our geographical position in relation to the Japanese empire, and other like arguments, serv >1 to open the eyes of the government to the importance of this Eubjcct. Already several cargoes of the go^la manufactured by these almost unknown people have reached our shores, and been disposed of at banJHAU. - I n Shatta. Dec 3, Louisa Hall, aged » years. HAVSK—In San Francisco, Dec. 19, of scarlet fever,Georae W. and Maty Hildreth, aged 4 weeks »od » day*. Martha J., youngest child of George K. and Susan Hilton, " S S S S S S S ^ S S ^ Dec. 6, Otlsankley, a naU*anal transaction, which was aotjepted—Boenos Ayres being was consumed. Their defence of the'act was: "The race represented by Messrs. Don Juan B. Pens, Felipe is too traitrous to live—let it be exterminated."^ S S S S S k S S X l ^MACXMUKK —In Sacramento, Henry T. Macomber,agedBtttutton.a national debt.Urqutza will retire with his army within a fortnight of thesigning of the treaty.A general and absolute amnesty Is granted.Alsina resigned the government of Buenos Ayres, andMAIU>.—In San Francisco, Dec. 15, of dropsy, Daniel H., son of Isaac ana Ann Mails, aged 6 years, 3 months and 6 days.tain amount are payable in endorsed notes, at two months, and this want of confidence in the security of the ports looks like anticipating future trouble.Freights are tower.The family of poor Horace Jones, who was murdered on the 28th ef February, in his own bouse in Valparaiso, The agitation of the country had ceased and a promis- by the military, is in a frightful state of destitution. His ing future was dawning. May it be realized, for those wife, with her eight little fatherless ones, struggled on bravely until a month since, when, unable longer to bear the burden, she sank down and died of a broken heart, if ever woman did—the closest examination by four of the most skilful physicians in Valparaiso failing to discover IMPORTANT FROM NEW GRANADA. the slightef t trace of disease. Her brother was maimed for Ufe tn both arms at the time of the murder. HerMCPBU* —In San Fraccl?co, Dec 19, Edward Appleton.tions from first hands to-day. as is common on all steamerin Valparaiso—IndianTroubles, die.aggravated by the intelligence received by the schoonerkind of merchandise, unless we except the article of po^. quilla, resulting in the complete triumph of the former andThe country continues tranquil and prosperous. Con-should atonce lie fitted out by our government. The JaPat Retrlcker was sta|bed at Whiskey laggings. Sierra lieving it to be the wish of the people still to re!y -i:;«-m fore night, and, up to the hour of our leaving the markets, dangerously wounded. racter which were left undisjKsed of by the regular nations upon a like footing. This disposition to underratesion relieve us from the numerous evils to which we have been subjected, do proclaim the session of the Legislature adjourned until the first Monday in January, I860; andda's Ices amounted to fifty-three killed and sixteen wounded, while his own loss was only four killed and six teen wounded.been several sates made during the day at about the usual rates.For wheat the demand has been quite moderate, and $$,000 bail. Frederick JJ. Smith, arrested for complicity energies, the laws and governmant of the United States. but a limited quantity has been sold; but notwithstandingThe law relative to the budget for 1860 has been ap-proved by the President and Couucil of State. A bankingkilling Henry M Hughe* at Sacramento, in the sum of call upon all good citizens to support, with all theirThis engagement, sa\J stated in my last letter, will establishment, with a capital of $400,000 in shares of $600, doubtless terminate hcstilities. Before it took place, orin the crime, has been discharged.George A. Smith, captain of the whaleship Fabius, whoplesd guilty to beatiug Apdrew Foga, one of the crew of the veset I, has bom sentence! to pay a tine of $50 by the tutted Stales Circuit CoiJtt.Done at Gcuoa, Liecombcr 15,1859.ISAAC ROOP, Governor.Governor Boop informs the Enterprise that the Indiansin Trurkee Meadows are Hocking in and starving to deaththe sales of late have been gradually diminishing in quaa- lity , the amount in store is constantly decreasing, and bet- ter rates are obtained for the more ordinary grades. There rs also some demand for Mediterranean and Austra- lian seed; and there is, no doubt, a autlkieut supply if bolters' rates can be obtained.Barley seems to remain at the notch where it has beea for the last three weeks, and, as yet, the enlarged de- mand, which was theu anticipated would soon be made, has not yet been realized, and probably may not be, at many who have been impressed with the belief that the crop this year was not an average one have made ar- rangements for substitutes. But our producers have this fact to console them: that, whereas it was selling at 1 K.c a 1)4,0. last year at this time, it is now worth considera- bly more. The same is also true in regard to oats and potatoes, although there is less disparity in the prices of the latter. The greatest difference exists in regard ta wheat; and. although the present prices are but little, If any, more than one-half the rates of this season in 18Mt they can have no great cause for complaint, for, in gene-is about to commence operations in Chile. It is to be called at Bogota, the federal government had decided not to in- the Bank of Chile. The principal bank is to be established terfere between the two contending parties in the Slate of at Santiago, the capital of the republic, with branches Bolivar. I have been permitted to see a private letter in the various provinces. It is to be a bank of discount from Oarthagena, tn which it is stated that President Os and issue. We may, therefore, soon expect Chile to beState of Bolivar, to treat with Nieta, with the view to the her people will learn before a great while.settlement of the pendiug questions of a general charac- The municipal authorities of Valparaiso have granted to ter. This Is a virtual recognition of Nieta's government Senor D. Enrique Iopez a special privilege for laying on the part of the federal authorities. down railroad tracks for carriages through the principalRafael Calande, a native of Malta, ageJ -15 years, died ; by scores. In one cabin the Governor found three cbil-suddenly on tbe 14th indt-, while in the new Melodeoa, i dreu dead and dying. The whites were <>oing all they Just after the performances cloeei. He burst a blood res \ could to alleviate the miseries of the poor Washoes.sel. I They have sect out and bunt tires for them and offered Charles Sharp, a colored mm, was recently murdered j them bread and oilier provisions, but in many instances at Indian Gulch, Mariposa county. His hands were tied the starving Indians refused to eat. fearing that the foo 1 behind his back and hi*head maily'severed by the blows j was poisoned. They attribute the severity of the weatherFIRE-SHORTLY BEFORE NINE O'CLOCK LAST levening a fire was discovered ie the barber's shop 99^ plua I -is signified his intention to send a commission to the flooded with paper money, the evil consequences of which East Twenty-ninth 'treet, occupied br John Herat. caiLtel by the explot,ion ef a rampbene lamp; but owiu< to te? tmely assistance of Mr. James Q. Greer a member of Mo hawk Hose No. 59, who ruthed through the fire and, eeixiag abed, cashed tbe flames, so that the QXB was exUngmshel without any aaauvtance.Every State in the Confederatim except the State of The collieries In that section have been obliged to sus- with tne offence, but the latter absconded and left his bail | Richard Busteed, Esq., of New York, to Messrs. D. P. & ral." the prices are higher than tbay were last season. . Cundinamarca has petitioned the general government for pend the works in consequence of the hostile attitude as-liable. -1Phillip R. Robinson has been Indicted by the GrandL. Bar stow, lawyers of this city, to the effect that Mr. For imported goods the rates of many articles are al-their repeal. The State of Autioco, which until recently sumed by the Indians. The weather throughout Chile has refused to take any action on the sub- has been unusually dry for several months past, so much ject, has at length, through its Legislature, to that great losses in cattle had been sustained for want William Croseon, charged with killing John V. Ford at : wife or friends. Mail after mail passed by, and after are fully apparent In the first place, there is a large asked for the abrogation of the laws which of pasturage. The farmers begin to anticipate short cropsStockton, has been found guilty-of murder in the first ! waiting in vain to gain intelligence or the absent one, the number of vessels belonging to Atlantic ports that will have produced so much discontent. As the Legislatures of from the drought.Jury for the murder of ftder Burns.Moser had left New York for California several months so changed. Bice, sugar, candles and teas were bunging I ago, since when nothing had been heard from him by his somewhat better figures, but the reasons for the dec liasdegree. Thomas Crawford, indicted for the murder of ! faithful wife determined to go herself in search of her take freights at low rates rather than,lay idle at the docks,and a decline in freights must necessarily affect the pi ices In the markets to which they are carried; and this. us> doubted ly, is one good reason for the large stock of such goods in that market, aad, consequently, sales result in leases to importers aad shippers.Contrary to the ex]<ectations of many, money has beea somewhat scarce—not easy to obt.nu. at least—since tea o'clock, and a large amount of notes of small sums have been oQered to moneyed men for discount, without meet- ing desired accommodations, even at larger sacrifices than have been offered in several weeks, and gold bars, whichexception referred to, have protested against the enforce-ment of these laws, and have invoked the general govern-ment to repeal them, Congrers, when It meets in Febru-ary, will hardly dare to resist so strong an appeal. The fined to copper and silver ores and bars, wool and hides.probability is, therefore, that one of its first acts will be The copper foundries have suffered from the stoppage of S? i*f P * J*** token °* respect to our late brother, NathanielKAarHROOK—KAKTSROOK.—ID San Francisco. Nov. SO, the Star hove in sight, off Cape MayBi, and passed the At-Sunday was very quiet in Panama. In Aspinwall, the withdrawn from Ecuador without having accomplished Bldridpe streets. festivities, which were of an entirely different character,George T Fast brook to Hanuah I. Rastbroolt. FXUOT—Dooixv —In Sacramento, Dec. 15, by Rev. H.Baker, A. F. Elliot to Kate Dooley.F«"irsR—Yxssos.— At Stockton, Dec 15, Goo. A. Fis-cher to Luzte Y enson.Gsvesr—MCMAXAMAS.—In San Francisco, Dec. 10, AlfredGreen to Rachel McManaman.JOSKPH—SYIVA.—In San Francisco, Dec. 12, AntoineJoseph to Anna Sylva.LACWY—CAMPBXU..—In Placerville, Dec 15. bvRev. Wal-ter Freer, Wm Iacey to Margaret Campbell. IJVPKTT—MfGciBAN—At Auburn.Dec. 14, Alex. Lippettlantic about 2 P. M. From thence to Aspinwall, about nine hundred miles, the two ships did not lose sight i t each other.commenced on the same day, and were continued unin- anything.terruptedly, uight and day, until Tuesday morning, the Gen. Castilla has given the government at Quito fortyLOST—ON THE 9TH INST. BETWEEN THK HOURS' of 11 and 12 tn Uie forenoon, ta golaa from 405 t'evl at eet to Rose, Duane aid < 'bamt*>rs streets to tbe Superior Court,J A N U A R Y1 » ,teal aad moat fertile portion of the republic, guarded by almost impenetrable mountain passes, known only to themselves, aad where a handful of men would defy *u army. WHh arms and ammonittoa In their possession, wbich they well know* how to use, aad with, according to rumor, disaffected Chlfeaas to tnstroct them la the art of war, the Indian difficulties are assuming a character of sertons gravity. Some 8,000 are[From the Panama Star, Jan. S ]GufflSN-lnSacratuc'nto,Dec. 4,HughyGUokan,aged We haw great events to announce to oar foreign r#*l troops in every engagement, whh tea. However, by the whftehtt wal be openedGore Ouselcy's business...'aooo. Out 2s. I6S0 ( Bebsbleln/ersaatloahubeeareesjteaattbtf l^ttu.ia teat thebarborof Kee eT utalalW aafe fir foerfsort ftrArnenean vessels aa lees Uun nine feet t f water is found oa the fcsr. •aa the roadafe-sd isexOeueiy dang-roua as aa aaatorsas I. taetefore. gne ta*s publa- sour*, tfet the barter of »ex ; <»tts wtHantbeopentoametiseee*MeeeoathestaslayofJ.a**ry oext. aa provide-; for tn the treaty of Jeddo.As soon ea the *e<t«Mi» evrveya are completed a stitabieLAFreirrr.—In San Francisco, Dec II, Bridget Lafferty, ments were present as guarantees of the fulfilment of the ss Acting Lieutenant. Lieutenant William H. Ball, of thedaughter -of Charles and Eunis Lafterty, aged 5 years, a months snd 4 days.LrrTLK—In Sacramento, Dec 13, Charles A. Little.following:-^Baencs Ayres consents to form an integral part of the ConlA\r\so»-—In San Frauctsco, Dec. 12,Corina, second daughter of Joseph and Fanny LevinsM, aged 9 years, 1 montfcs and 11 days. ifederation.A convention will be convoked to examine the national cos18G0.were par 900 tine in the morning, in cuisequence of tbaincreased demand an . smail supply, advanced aftertwelve o'clock, and 910 tin-' brought par: and we hear of Dtath of an Amsncan Traveller and Explorer—Christmu The great event of the last fortnight has been the inaugu- F° £ N J > 7 J H F A B Y » A BLACK AND TAN TSRRIKRunder 9tX> tine ha i been sold for less. This has been de- cidedly the closest steamer day seen on the wharves in some time, sltho'igh bankers and brokers quote money easy on good collaterals—better than usual.By sn arrival yesterday from Bocas del Toro I learn ofthe death or Dr. Ball, who came out with a party in Sep-tember last, in the schooner Nautilus, to explore for gold.He died about two weeks since, at Fish creek. I can bad display, and everything, in the eye of a foreigner, gather but few particulars of bis death. was conducted in very baeftaste. Slilf, to the Limaniansapplying si 41 Fifth avenue, in tbe rear, and paying eipeav* Call from 7 to 11 A. M. ' 'FOCND-LA8T EVENING, BETWEEN 10 AND It o'clock, on Broadway, tear (anal street, a gold I^jcse: which the owner can btve by calling at tbe Park Hotel after IJ A. M , and paying charges.LCST-ON SATURDAY KVENIN». JANUARY; R^ tweeo 6 aud 7 o'c ock V. M, in the laliesctbln o; t.i« Roosevelt ferry liri.w un the Wulism^'j'trgsite, an E-jnr..* Mi.fl, wh.ch if tbe Cr.ler Ri'lret.ra tJ411Kirn i .eu ;e *.'IMoreBrttisbTreatyiorttfCHILE.oca vALi'ASAiao CORRMPONDKNCE.VAUAaAMo,NOT.80,UM. Tk* r a t a e/ the South aad * » OkwmtorM War-DeO n PANAMA COaatSPONbKbCh.& 1 A f t RRWARD-LOCT. ON SATURDAY EVENING •J>lyU last,by acountry | _sstwsss Pine street aad the corner of Barclay aad entires streets, a valuable gold Watch, with Fob Chain aad Ajato Key. By leering a wW;PASAMA, Jan. 2,1860.•nawguration Lima, dec.of Bolivar's Statue InTne Embassy About to Embark for theIll fcsshtl** Wfe»>**r>*aei DRaasniic*rhi, CSascrianmwaenltiot cr>o/iutlnltty, Dee.of Martin sad Mary Basler, aged 6 The Austrian bark Ivtolt, which waa reported with cap the revolutionists. It is understood that he sad those Japanese goods, which were to be soldby auction ia a few tfcff REWARD WILL BR PAID TO ART PERSONH?«^aw«a»? tarn and boy murdered by mutineers, turns out to haredays.The demand waa good tor this class of merchandise The news is of interest.The following communication was received from Boa.•PfJ Wee will return the Muff which was left by a lady in a cemsge, which was hired at the Museum to take her to Sixth avenue, on Saturday evening. The above reward will be pail and so questions asked on leaving hat Macy's store, 204 SUth avenue.taat adl bmaada with aeorww- Still t h e r e ' t o a ^ s S r y a b o J who accompany him have beea sent oat of Chile by the Texaa. * " * * * . • native of Alabama, and the affair. The captain was (band with a cutoo the hand government1800.property aud paytog for that advertisement. P . MOTTKTA gentleman now by ray side informs me that lie once S500.0C0 ca*b. and obligated themselves to [>ay the same met the Doctor in China, and speaks well of him as a mau. amount in two nionlhs. They are to be allowed to chargoPeace to his remains. He sleeps m the evergreen forest oftheIfthinus. Iiissufferingswould have endedsoonor had his death mantle been the snows of the Whlto Moun- tains.three uud a half unU four per cent commissions oa sales. andfivei>erceutonadvances.I..MA,Dec 12. 1S59.Ceriaal CeulillainaBad Position atGuayaquil—He Cm not Finht end Cannot Retreat—A RtvAution Look->d forgovernment,whilerelaxing noneof .Itsv g i l w c - \is en-The Fmbaasf will eroas the Teflunsi by a epeetaJ U a , iit sola wall will be received by a steeaa frigate, aatf s o e <edirect lo Waalnugtoo without tourism*- si aa/ atlaoWn sorts sa the Unite* atatee ~-F I 0 m tee foregotog you will oersetve that I bats no eoaeret whatever over the route to be taken by tee xmb its KU-S.sumption, and her mother, bowed down with grief and vernment Troops by tba Revolution- care, is nearly crazy. Meanwhile, the government ofl a t a — P r e s i d e n t O s p i n a A b o u t t o T r e a t With tin- Victors—A General Agitation in the Federation, tfce., &c.Ont PANAMA CORRESPONDENCE.PANAMA, Jan. 1, I860.been received herefrom Bogota to the 9th, and Carthagena Lis family on the 2d of March last.to the 27th December. VALPARAISO, Dec.J, 1859.from Japan—one laden with valuable and elegant g >>ls— will give a tolerable idea of the already rapidly lncroaa- ice commerce between San Francisco and that empireMONDAY EVEMIKO, Dec. 19,1S59.There has been the usual dearth of business transac On the 0th ult. the decisive battle between the revolu ffte Political and Financial Condition of Chile—Railroads The exciting news brought by the bark Onwarl is notpanese, like the Chinese, regard us as barbarian?, and, tion. Now, therefore, I, Isaac Koop, Governor of the Pro- to*-s; and, though the receipts of the day have been very total overthrow of the latter. The engagement lasted se- greES is to*be convened in extra session ou the 1st of next from tbe impunity of their former conduct towards theheavy, an offer of $1 05 was made this morning for 3,000visional Territorial Government of Nevada Territory, be- bags choice Buckeyes, and the cash to be furnished be- veral hours. Genera t Pcsada was severely though not month, to discuss certain measures of an important cha- Portuguese and Dutch, evidently rank all other Clirtstiaarather before the result could possibly have been knownThe interior States are generally tranquil. The prevail- streets of the city.These Indians, aboriginal dwellers on the soil, are hardy,TOf filMD HABRH T o C. B . Barrii, F.m», bark Onward.Chile, appealed to in vain to redress the outrage and pro-tect those whom her own soldiers have orphaned, is deafto all solicitation, and the eight little ones have not even some profits; and there is no reasou to doubt that foodtoeat,savethat furnished them bypitying stran- thetradethus auspiciouslyopenedwillnotbegreatlyia gers. Was there ever a sadder picture? creased. Japan possesses many articles of the first un1 have just learned that the government of Chile has portance which we greatly need, and we boasts great peremptorily refused to restore the exequatur of Dr. Wil- deal that is acceptable to their markets. Our intercourse liam Trevrtt, endorsing, on the contrary, the conduct of is still in tbf bud of promise: it remains with us to brumBy the arrival of the English steamer at Aspinwall, onthe 30th ult., advices of a highly important character have the soldiery in the brutal outrages upon the Consul and It to full frukion. The arrival last night of two voss?l£imported articles, except in dry goods, the transactions being confined chiefly to articles of this description; and the market for articles of exportation is principally cm-The elections for members of Congress have just ter. nrnated, fortunately without any disturbance.Tne house of Zavacurdiqui has just concludfl a contract with the government to supply Spain \v;tu guano, to se- cure which the firm bad to jay Into the public treasuryLOST -A CARPET BAG MARKED COOK". 21 NfVT ! slrC"! wgg lost fVoin a'i eipresg wacou, ¥: iJ»r ,!s-;u%:f S. A situii.e reward will be i<aid for its ret rn to7i Br,.*J way.LOKr--wnn:x THE PAST WEEK AV ANTIQUK E'lid Sigr:t'i Kijg, wuh a ce*: o.' small *t<>iies ia silrer mount.DJ{. A li'jern' reward will he pai! by tbe i»ne'R 1 WEIR 16.' East Seventeenth street. LOST—ON TUT'R<i.'\Y FVENINM. AT THE METRO-r^litau Hir'f 1 Hop, a j.ild natch 8e»! ».-l ia red A hw-rat rewardv.IUbegivenonremrniustbesame,altbeabo^eotlioeChristmas was duly celebrated Lereaa 1 a? Panamv Atthe latter place the agent and oificers of the 1 acilic in Pa-u—A Xew I'ork Opera Arti-.te and }I<r Triumphs. LOST-ON FRIDAY LAST TN BROADWAY ?>fTWKRHdV , dV. Great .lores and iilee-iver street* a :: >'A biinunc W:iteh. Tbe finder will receive a bb*ral re«a;J oa retxiricgS l»Steam Navigation Company (English) gave a grand dmner on the steamship Bogota, at the island of Tab ga, onChristmas eve, 24lb. The small steamer Taboga took theparty dowu, leaving Panama at 2 P. M , and returning at12. It is retorted to have been a verv pleasant dinner cuse to recall him before he lost* one hall of his army by LOST-A POCKETBOOK CONTAINING A SUM" Ofparty, uumbering among those present the Governor of money, supposed ia anion ta u So" >; $t>> wiu bills audthe State, other officials, and several naval officers, Eng- lish and American. No ladies were present.8icknef8; but the government very properly says no. The papeisof no valne except t. the ownn Tbe finder a( tba above will receive a libera' reward bv returwrtf the same to honor of Peru is at stake, and this army must aot be the subecrtbers, Joseub McKee A Sen" coruerof iiroime andIt is eii.d that General Castilla his written from before Guayaquil to the government at Lima to get up some exHenri Rongard, at the residence < f S Cambrelinjr. SJ Great Jones atiect.27th, at day break, when, from exhaustion or satiety of de- days to comply with the demands of Peru. In that time second part, facing Chambers street, $50 tn small bula. two's, Doubtless each did its best, and officers, men and pal bauch, the drunken negroes became quiet and Aspinwall he will have lost one third of his army by sickness, aad three sand ten a Whoever will return the same to J. Rsscoters joined in the excitement created bv the coutcst. The North Star came in about eight miles ahead.ANOTHER ACCOCNT OF THE GREAT OCEAN CONTEST. The follownig Is an extract from a letter received in this city by the friend of a passenger who left for Cali- fornia In the steamship "North Star, cu the 20th Decent-Dcr -•«•MCGRJJT—liRXwsrntR—Near Knight's landing, Yolo coun- say six hours—beating her at least three quarters of ripe, and there to not a laborer. The Panama Railroad has been engaged for the Lima theatre, has taken the earsty, Dec. 8, William McGrifl to Jennie Brewster. mile an hour. The next morning she was some six mil Company would most liberally give a lot for the erection and hearts of all lima. Tbey never have heard such Blanket Tbe tinder will be rewarded by le*vi'n« the same atto Mary McGuigan.Lorn— PiKMiON —In San Francisco, Dec. 15, John B.was still. Night and day had been made hideous b- yells and curses, quarrels and sights among the drunken negroes who populate Aspinwall and stench its streets.For three nights men and women, with the discordant Aspinwall drum, accompanied by drunken chant, drunken blasphemy, and,still more disgusting, drunken obscenity, perambulated the streets, and thus " kept" Christmas.There were several masked negro balls.the government at Quito will laugh at his folly. He is, tor once, in a fix. Should be withdraw from Ecuador and take his army to Bolivia he will find himself in a stiU worse one.It is said that General Echenique is already within Peru- vian territory, and that a revolution may be looked for inphael, 406 Pearl street, up s airs, will receive a suitable re • ward.L0 8 T - A SMALL BLACK AND TAN TERRIRR DOG; wtth ears crouped. on Tnesdav. the 3d inst.; answers to dm name of Jack. The finder will be liberally rewarded by leav- ing him at Na 62 West Eleventh street.OOT-ON JAN. 9. TN FOCRTEENTH STREET, NEARASPINWALI,, Dec 27,1859. After leaving New York we saw nothing ofourcooi-If there is a spot, a place above all others on this conti- the south any day. I have but little confidence in theLher to Hannah TolboL came up to and passed her at about half-past twelve- it would well repay them. Verily the harvest is here Miss Sconcia, of New York, the new prima donna, who LOST-FRIDAY AFTERNOON. JAN. ft, l?W. UTHRRBroadway, a Red f haw!. v hh a Mack and red oalm leaf petltor, the Atlantic, after the first night out, until the nent, or even in that below, where a missionary is needed, success of any revolution headed by him. Last Saturday border, the sift of an absent friend. The tinder will receive MAPEIKA—DEHWON —Near Healdsburg, Sonoma county, fifth morning, off Cape Miguel (the east end of Cuba). that place is Aspinwall. Should some one of your was the national anniversary of the battle of Ayasucho, the value of tbe shawl by returning H to Mrs. Wyckoff 1ST N-JV 30. F. A. Madeisa to C. R. Denison. At half past six we pased the Cape. The Atlantic tit churches be moved sufficiently by motives of humanity or and it is amusing to see how patriotic these people are on West Btateenth street. * v — . w ,loud to Mary Pierson.MAHKR—TOI-BOT.—In Sacramento, Dec. 8, George S. Ma that time was about four and a half miles ahead. We the dictatt s of piety to take the matter into consideration these occasions.shuns— sasvmrc —In Sacramento, Dec. 6, by Rav. W. astern, and we still kept widening the distance betwei of a church—or lease it, if preferred. singing and seen such acting in Lima before. Her father No. 966 Houston street, livery etabie. D. W. NORRISBeckwith. J. W Miller to Mh>sSarah J. Keating. us until the following morning (Tuesday), and at sunri tag, the 18th November, are published Inthe PugHSound I Mooxx—Smnwy.—In Placerville, Dec. 15, by Rev. Wal- of that day she was nearly hull down; but owing to soiis an Italian, her mother an American. She was born andNew Year's was celebrated in Panama by a ball onSaturdsv evening, Dec. 81. In Aspinwall the perform- educated in New York, and is destined to become one of LOfT-ON SATPRDAT AFTERNOON, A BLACK BULLBtrmU:—The meeting was organised by the selection of Jas. •***• Chairman and George W. Wiley as Secretary.iter Freer. D. 8. Moore to L Sherry.OHM—KORNKK — In San Francisco, Dec. 11, Louis Ohm tothree of our firemen getting sick, she rather neared u Before reaching Aspinwall, however, we beat her in he] about the distance before named, and made one ofances of Christmas were re-enacted. The day (Sunday) passed off quietly, everybody eating his own dinner.the best singers in Opera of the age. Her acting is be- Terrier, white breast, one ear eut shorter than tbe other-had on s brass collar. For brtaglas; him to 396 Broadway,' yond anything I have ever seen. &ie has appeared three room to, from 4 to 6, a liberal rtwaru will be given.times in the "Travista,-" and has the wbole public ather feet She Is thoroughly educated, and is in every POINTER DOG. COLOR LIVER AND WHITE. LOSTH o whad appeared upon the public stage before she appeared in Lima.Tnerateof freightstotheUnited Statesis thesame as last reported, $16 per ton for guanaExchange on New York 22 a 35 per cent premium.HEWS FROM JAPAN.byleavingherat528United States—The Harbor of Nee-e-Ua- fC REWARD.-STOLEN, ON SUNDAY NIGHT, At a — E x c l t e m e a t ta J e d d o — T r a d e B e t w e e n O Coat, containing papers, tor : also, one note against P. Martha for llul. Payment baa beea Hoped of the note. Tbety *ay of Patta. however, we learn that Gen, Castilla,»"> the Peruvian forces, was still In the neighborhood of T. Harris, Minister at Jcddo, In reply to a note addressed * > 1 U 8, a brown spaniel Dog. wKa a small white leatherw <^JMuU,toaohvesadd»oooteated.to him by Messrs. Smith a Oo., charterers of the Onward as to the route which the Embassy would probably take to reach Washington, aad requesting him to use his influence b' have it touch at San Francisco tn route -A T t\ RKWARD.-LOST, ON SUNDAY EVENING JAN. cellar; anew era to Oo name* of Boht. By reUratag hsat to TlJaaaei of Oak, they aaail receive the above re-/<**** Q^tfthenmOitfM nlCatt onoaetalsofvarttweraaka, and fiTty attendaau and servants-*!hi Maiden lane or Broadway, oae gray striped horseaim aftei this notice wnTbe prosecuted^ ^ «*>i»"sward.JAMES CALDWELL. ductmfi£?,ffmhsiS OfU» *»,Jric*,It0***the surface efthefftJHoalan • again tranqoil, aad the•rt?f*H"5T *• pweeedtoPanamarUSandwieaIslands.w r p u ^ ' . ' n ' uri!Liv " V touch at between the Islands * £ Porta. If any, that it ma;WAKTRr-A 8MAIJ. STEAMBOAT OB TOO.FROM 0SO0 to I1S1O0 feoeot loaf. Parties heviag I tlOdsVwww.fultonhistory.comaod Panama, will dapaad entirely uson flag <M<w Tatantt!pose of, whladjfSSJ.PMCWa7& 