 A1OTAL OF THEI0RTBEMUGHT.News from Hew Granadaand Central America.The breach that for BOlong a time threaten -d to rainoar burbor to now entirely close-i, and toe channel to im-proving rapidly. There sre three veaseli at anchorinside half the year The Bush qpoek Cotnpany's dtt^totoiy tie IngUsh trig Syre-a, loading for New York, and theAmerican schooner* Chase and F»h Hawk, just arrivedOutside are anchored the British steamer of war Gorgonand the United Stale* ships aebtue and St. Lotui, all ofTHE C m i t NTIII8ITVAXXS«MaLjr&iuforAlcalde,beldcourt forthefirsttime a few darnIsiereatfBflatelUgeiice California.gregate, outreach any former one. PLACKB OOCNTT.Bant Dmooet on not Teounom—Some realold ssasaeM ed chums are now being worked at Indian Bar. oa t h # Tuolumne river, says the Democratic Age, of the 24th These claims are situstod in one of those red bAnkssecunart o w e r s in u m section of country. At this point the river makes a gradual bead, in wbteh tarns two or three eld- -*^NJ-V«--l»r-^--W-S^pennsneocyjBppeara to be the chtef object J » ^ " B »nave reeolVedtomake thto their bonaj^lanoi-on,though for A few months, perhAps years, ^ ^ J * J Spaces to history. Each has had its terrible drawbacks,and ail Are BOW reaping tbe fruits of ''ni-wnnaptodaros-Derity " SanFranotoco, too,hashad ber drawbacksand number of menarecw&ntiy on the watch g* tjshtitoThe United States maU stetashgi Northern Light, C*pt , which tort Aaptawnll oa the 20th lost.,Manbote Rapids rta Colorado river, to convey Captoui 4lparallel with tht river, t a t supposing tht diggings ex-|Ameriam Affair, for Qcmjrrtmmal Debate—The Railroad to the general reader.small to raise the waict iroui the bottom of their drift.The Rough and Ready claim is paying well, as usual,from Ixmg Valley, trader the date of December 20, says Opbtr Stiver Mining Company,arc there now to bosmeked. We have not beard any com BUinta from the AgriculturalVkarwr—A atonesfurMinorLobbyMmfrom IraiMwp Urnamd Albany—The Chiriam Jsapvweesteiu Speculation—Thte British Pacific Fleet and the San JOMU Q u e s t i o n .thai the Eel Riser Rangers, ander the eommand of Cap- tainJarboe.baubeendomgrnemostvaluableandef-About ten tons have Already been reduced, averaging over $3,000perton. Twosmeltingfurnacessndsomerefining furnaces are in operation in thto establishment.A.NOTHER CALflrOBKIA PlO.VSKR «Oiri TO THA* GWWTBT nto* WHICH Noss Purt-RN.—Mr. James GorCon departed thto life December 25,1859 H e w s s born in Newark. N . J., May 21,1811, snd at the age of 19 years proceeded to the city of Mexico, where be carried on an extensive busi-d isiricU of the laborers not having returned to work Wecontinuetoreceiveverydistressingaccountsoftbe ravages of yellow fever at the station of the R. M. Csteamers.The health of tbe community, we have no reason to say,to worse than is usual at this season of tbe year. lags- ansa, accompanied in some instances by fever, to prera lent, but not Attended with serious results.Merchant, etc.that port. These, with the five already there, mak-s nine en their claims if they desire to do so. ninety lnoians on South BeL-river, snd I think it was theLegal Camtmmtuam—Qerman Bmiamdt to Casta Biro— Mora Again on tie Moot forBy tbe Pacific, from Victoria, yesterday, we hAve newstaining large amoimts of gold, and are well pleased withwhich present quite a bustoeas appearance.These are several new house* building in the tower partof the town, which seem to indicate that we snail yet have something to do in this unfertnaate place _ _ _ _ _moot, thefirstcasebroughtbef>rehiss w« hto oog rash, wen kaowa to the eartoes ptoa abeettowa, j e j EdwardPatton,proprietorof•^batooi^*w«» •_• of land.a the wetoarajtart of the V ^ * i % * £ * "nary red" in hto pockets. Whether Captain Canty orfrom Leah brought the snttlbave not learned, bat a trial washadbefore the Alcalde, wtucli resulted in Pattoo's beingcast to five dollars damages, aad hto bemg placed underbonds to keep tbe peace against Dash for the term of onevear. It seems tha- Dash took a faacr to have a souse nan^ This to onici the most valuable cUims tathe vi- breakfast oao morning, and so stpt off the ear of one of cinrty of Yorkvtlle, « d wWd^bttoesmakeaUboMtagROUTE.The newgoverameot of thetown hascome into power; return. The kind of property above referred towm1misfortunes. No^oityontbefaneofGod's (ootetoolwas preventthepossibilityofaccidentsbyfire,sadaosmokixg w r corsebwith eo snany bttghttog evils, or bred and to allowed in the yard. Itis supposed that tho bast willwill return ummediately down the river, and enter-ing the sea b y tbe Colorado branch proceed on Oa her outward trip the Northern light reAchol Aspin- to Ajpiawalk, touching at Bocas del Toro aadBthe man. The claims adjoioing, one of wbleh has sireadw struck gravel, and obtained a prospect, to undoubtedly as rich aathe Eagle, and before the close of tho winter their owners wUlbe richly rewarded for tbe years of labor which tbey have devoted to tbe developemeut of their riches.close inspection, concluded there mutt still be anotherwall *e u»e 13th last si 9 P. M., sad toft oo her return for Mow York oa the morning of the W th.DuringthepestAre days she has expert*need strong northerly wind*.The following to the teeasure list of the NorthernCbiriout B it said that this little steam boat has at last a prospect of being employed to some advantage for the benefit of her laithiul little crew, who havebeentoheartlesslyhumbuggedandillusedbyade- h_m transit company. It to understood that she will be used to water the l a g ship Roanoke, Venderbib's steam- ers, ho., In addition to other puiposes, as the company de- ciine to sapply any but their own ships with water dur- ingtbedryseason,and all othershipsandvessels have,soap ano candle factories, chemical works, gas works, andflourmutebythedozen. Ws build ourownsteam boats, which, for speed, comfort, beauty and capacttyjwlll compare favorably with any on the Hudson or Mississippi. We have our hydrants on tbe street corners, gas pipes through our streets andbuiUUngs, andmiles of cobblethit theory, tt tbe amusement of all the old settlers, he commencedatunnelonthehighledge,Anddriftedbackto- ward the mountam After proceedtag About thirty feet, he came upon a well defined river bed, full of rich gravel. A company, composed of Messrs. Jones, Givens, Manning and Deary, wssformed, a cteim tocstod sndwork com- menced in earnest They sre BOW realizing from SS6 toVon Hoffman k Oo.. * 0 »..983,000 therefore, to depend upon Porto Bella, situated a fewnue, andaFireDepartmentthathastbe moselle andma Tbe Jenny Lind Company are getting along rapidly with, chines to prevent tbem from burning down. Qor climateTotal..A..tbesun,andthemarketsofSanFranciscoarealways foil otthelargestandthebeettheworldcanproduce,andat reasonable prices. In short, San Francisco to the bestworkingthem nevenotyetreachedthepaygravel. Thte discovery baa created quite a sensation amongst the miners on the river.HEWSFEOMHEWGRANADA.Omr Aaplawall Correspondence. Asn*wALL, Jan. '20,1800.The Forest Hill Slope Company will soon Again makeArrangements to resume work in that tunnel. Jest before therefore nothing can prevent fta becoming one of the Sn.vs» SmtcruiG WORKS IM SAM FRA.\CI««M —During the Edward Thompson and R L Constaatme, have beea filled.. llJWt..gMJttttheirnewtunnel.WeunderstandthatthecontrACtorsaremaking rapid progress through tne- r,>ck', and making good tor. Tbe soil of California is the most productive underJfeeceteatt • / ntwawen—1*« Imtel matt* Ship Profile frvmCaHaaet* Mail* from Bogota—Jovial Timet in the news from the El Dorado of America up to the 5th Inst.this companvsuspended good prospectswere struck iu the tunnel, and it is certain that good pay can be obtained whenever the company choose to commence working tht gravel.continent S i x t y'K i l l e d Casus t y .test fallalargeamount of silver ore arrivedtothtodtyfrom the great mines lately discovered near Washoe Val-ley, In Western Utah For tbe purpose of reducing thtoore, smelting works nave been erected in this city, o aBryant tlreet, near Third, by Messrs. Mosbeimer andnpby the election of Gilbert Shew in tbe room ofIhe former, and of Richard Hind, in that of the totter.The special commtoaton appointed by sn Art of the le- gislature for tbe trial ot tbe Falmouth rioters has termi- nated. A great many ot tbe rioters have been conrictod snd sentenced to various terms of imprisonment.ever to our greet commercial interests here. Let us see go forward to the Northern Light. what onr naval strength is, to begin—We have the o i lThe Preble had been at CartbAgecA looking after worn out Massachusetts, the little fopgun Shubnck, to | getber with the harmless steamboat Active, all told, not American intereats for tho past few weeks. She re- of tbe least earthly account in the event of hostiiiues.here, who says tfcal the company had a severe fight near Rotnd Valley, on tbe ISth inet.atid killed some thirty backs, snd took twenty eight prisoners. I did not learn further particulars of the battle.from wbich, after about a year's residence, he emigrated to the mines, at Angels Camp, where, for tho last fewPun rrT""T" "ff H. B. hU'ssteamer Gorgon, sod severaljoins the Garden claim on one side, And the ht^RubberBan Francisco to to day one of tbe most promising andouthe other, all of which claims will shortly be numbered tha port at half past eleven o'clock yesterday where they go to confer with Mr. Minister Wyke. After s l ^ X r t o h o n w o f t l ^ ^ ^ Btosstiatttedthtt ,wit* themads from Oaufornia,specieandpas- takingthese gentlemen to Macfaoca,the Laura Frances wben'the &5eCompany onceget ^ ^ «rk,theyWithin the past few weeks, Fat Givens, an old aad expe-of uto officers, to that point, on their way to Managua,prospering cities to the United States. She is scarcely nenced miner on the Tuolumne, in passing this point, wasten years old, contains nearly one hundred thousand in- struck with the peculiar appearAnoe of tht place, aad on ahabitants,extensivefoundries,distilleries,breweries,sugarwill be able to make on an average • J M * £ | * t T , « _ * refinery, glass factory, woollen rectory (nearly completed), channel higher op on the sideof tbe meunttrn TO testmiles below AspinwaH, where there is an abundance of everything, and a good harbor.HEWS FROM CALIFORNIA.Thetallowingextracts from our Calilomla exchanges, brought to this city per steamors Baltic and Northern Light, furnishes the reader with a compendium of thewages upon their contract--eight doUars and a half per loot. Theyhavethreesetsofhands atwork,andshove it forward night and day.to such that we do not roast*ATsummer nor freeze in win domg equally well with the others. Several other claims have been located on tbe same channel, but the parties[Correspondence of the alta California.]SAX FKAKCISCU, Dec. rii, 1S59.Ust for y«ars to come.At Told's Vallej the miners who Are at work are ob-command (thirteen men) were here several dsys lAtely, and were active in Assisting us to pursue and chastise the guilty parties. The command, while going from thto toNEW YORK HERALD, SUftPAY, JANTjlBY 29,TFOBP.—In Oakland, Jaa. J, Mat May J. St. daughter of tbe tots May « t Oate aod LewtoS.HiKLBSBT—in Bar- ,Jan.1,W s C Hurisert,a native of Nantucket,HAraw —In San Fr—nte, daughter of William aad Mary Hayes,aged 13 tn^et^t.t.Snrrmnento.J-.t,-sSL-aw^EK tanat,,bn* ton,. « ef John aad Theckta Loehr, aged 4 years,*7 mieiht snd ftaaynLiawssraanu —Ia Saa Fraoeasee, Dee t l . Ana* Bssnbesb liebeeberg, daughter ofJohanna andCharles Uebenberg, aged2years.7m<*uaand21days.LaTrsa.-ln Saa Iranoaee, Dec a t , Oeorge W Letter, aged « yearsMcfXtutKX—AtFortPoint,nearSaaFrancisco,Jaat, MasJs»eMoConnick,sged2oyeAr8,anauyeefIwliag.m• Sjiii j-ijjtmtW atMnftth t\Tf Wiayo srMABOR.-In La Forte, Siena county, Dee. » , E l wardtale of Columbus. Georgia.Wattw.—Ia Saa Francisco, Jaa. *, WilUam 8 , sen efTnnntMmUsfrom lawHomt—Jmr Oon OUMU* far Havana—Death of an Irish that fonr war steamers are on.their way from England to their prospects. Water is plenty, And all can be at work Jarboe's headquarters, had a pitched battle with someTV Washoe o]<;e3 are quite as rich as they have been described It is, however, altogether too cold to work port* a "good time " generally In that old city, Our harbor defences are confined to the forts at the Gol them at this season. Companies representing from one to live millions of dollars have invested in several of the j prirclpai lodes, and will commence operations on a grand scale aa soon as the weather permits. The mineral region exter.da a distance of seventy-five mile*, and is fromyenrs, he bad been engaged in the business of quartz colonial citizens. The slave trade was made a matter ofrevolutions and disorder having given ptAoo to dancing oen Gate and Alcalraz Island, and, of course, would onlyHorrible Murder InChinese Oneofthosemysteriousandooidbloodedmurdersmining. Mr.Gordon has i«ft behind, to mourn his sad loss, a wife and son in San Francisco, besides a mother, brotherendotherdearrelativesinNewark,N.J.complaint against the mother country. It was deemed of Incalculable evil to the new settlements upon tbe Western continent Existing,asslaverydid,inallbatoneoftnebe effective against ships entering tne harbor; but a well parties and general »".-iUity. Several ba'ls went off la ordered invading force could laud at the oceaa luaehCamp.the city daring the May of the Preble, and a grand fan- south of tbe chy, ana, as we have nothing to ojqxuo dango was given on the this by her officers in return. them, could dictate to us their own terms.which sends a thrill of horror through the whole commu- as the clock struck twelve, giving cote of the death of tutional government, it was tolerated for the time betog,late battle, and it was toooght wouki immediately raiseof the American possessions—a country ihat supplies the j a force and again take ibr add against the liberals. The Atlantic StAtes with a basis of all their moneyed wealth—when lhat obstacle shall have been overcome the copper mines of Carson Valley will prove inestimably lucrative. Lead in abundance and of rare purity to also found, andof the town, on the maai street, just in the environs of theChinese quarter. By constant industry, coupled with fhe Tbe city wasalive at the hour named, andfr quent ex- ingiy great, the increase of slavery aad ef tbeare known to be rich, they have ground enough to emptoy tbem for five yeArs, and own a valuable « ^ / _ ^ ^ _ _ Browns creek thereto, which tureisfaes " ^ J ^ J f "Many return to tbe Atlantic States, there tntoflandjjrafsre, satisfied iftheymakealiving,wherelittle morecouldbe expected, rather than do better in Cahforaia, because Itnot tuUil "Affairs ia the City offBan fraaelsco. [From the San Francisco Herald. Jan. ft ]Tbe ptogue of Loodo-, the btoody revotutioos of rans, tbe big fires of New Vo k, and tbe frightful epidemics Of Ijtew Orleans, givs each of those cities dark and JlteemysopeDarton. She will carry about eight hundred toat of cirgo, And BOone knows bow many pesseagers , nutoer- tatoly agreatcrowd. Thoughnotaslarge,byany »as the (treat North river and Lake Erie beats, some of wbtob are 360 or * » feet ia length, and broad in propor- tion she to nevertheless ss targe as can safety be both for theSacramentotrade,and'even now some good jadgee express doubts a t to ber betog able conveniently to aart- sate the slough And some of the narrow passages. It is calculated that s h e will draw about four feet Tight Nau- tical critics say she to oae of the strongest boats tbey bars ever seen, wbteh, however, wW aot sppear ttraajt, a t she has been built by day's work, and not by Use job. Acompleted, oommands ail tbe diggings frontJDtt» ,»•»•» creek to the summit of Brown's creek divide, andthe time to not far off when Its owners will receive »o°t t b;tonus reward for the years of toil and bard ^which tbey labored to complete i t & ' * » * "^ J W^ZrJSihottheMayorelectdeclinestoserve,asdoaeveralotherofficers who were electro, and another election has been qoently Sore can be no sacrifice. It wUI, year anercalled to fill their places Captain t . H . E Caety, the new yW ,>owtnvalne,,and be sought by men **»*»»* flourished ander so many adverse ctrcamAtances, as has be ready for launching by tbe middle of April next, when,scarcely grow toes valuable ^or years to conw.conse-We understand, ssys toe Owner, that')» • " £ « * * " tunnel, near Yorkvilte, to again paying weU, and that the owners aregetttug from it from »t» to • » per day to Utofirst broke through, Their next washingwat three car worth of oJean goli.ioadsT y"elding five ounces of clean gold. t W t <_•£» J j ;many other stumbling blocks that have been thrown inher path from infancy—it to our deliberate conviction that hausted, Abandoned them or told out to Chinamen.andtheownersarerapidlyaccumulatingfortunesfromit This is oce of the beet claims on the Divide, and will fective service In quelling the Indians A portion of htowell appointed war steamers at Vancouver's Island. At Yankee J:m'-, the Gilbert Boys, the Yankee .lim's, most desperate fight 1 have known with the Indians inThe new Vsnderbtlt neamtbip Champion arrived a* Thus, while our government are talking About our inques tbe wb.flier am; the old Harris claims Are paying better California. Thne men were wounded tw arrows. One ness in the manufacturing of coaches for many years.man,bythenameofTool,WA*thoughtft)bemortally DuringthesiegeofthecityofMexicobytbeAmerican860 passengers, 67 of whom are for New Orleans. oar rights in teat quarter, the English Are quietly assemb- At Herst Shoe Bar tl c miners are mak'ng preparationsThe British steamship Ctyde| from Ban Joan del Norte, ling A naval force at Victoria, thai can not only take and for working then claims next summer. Great improve- that be is recovering. About thirty were slain, ami as to the position of the city, its forte, their bearings, dis-Panamayesterdayeveningat730. Shebringsabout UonAbtorighttoSanJuanIsland,Andtheintentionofthe thanforyearsbetjre,owingtotheincreasedfacilitiesfor President to ask Congress for men and means to enforce workingMessageoftheGovernorof Wisconsin. wounoed.as the deadly missile- was thought to have se- army, Mr. Gordon rendered many services to that army AN BLBCTIOSaaiNG DOCCMBST-TNCaSASg OP tXA-arrived yesterdayforenoon. Shereportsnoimprove- ment in the harbor, the water on the bar remaining at about nine feet. *boldthedisputedisland,but,rftheydesire,canblockade every port we have on the Pacific ocean!mentsarebeingnrt~eintheirmachinery,andalarger manymorewounded,ofasthieving,maraudingIndians tanceAndstrength. WhileioMexicoMr.GordonWAS number of men will be employed there the coming season as ever roamed the forests of California. This refutes the married to tbe daughter of Capt. Angwl Turley. of NewThe I'ulted States ship Preble, Capt. Jenkins, forty-eighthours from Gartbagena, arrived yesterday about 1 P . M.She brought the mate from Bogota, which had not fleet. Concentrate every gun afloat or In battery on theby tbe American Consul, J^win Black, having placed themeet. A large portion of it to occupied with a discosnton of the slavery question. He says:—New subje-cts of excitement ooncectod with slavery s a d tbe slave trade are agitating the public mind, a s a na- tional question, tbst of slavery and slave exten-ioa to foremost among thepocple Slavery existed to tht ceto-# nios before tbe law,and before there were any State con stitutioris. It WAS forced Into some of ihe States, a t io the case of Virginia, against tbe will and remonstrances ofreached there when the tost British steamer left, and theyFrancisco, after which he was engaged in the lumberstatement of Captain Major, United States army, who Suppose for a moment that this dispute should lead the thau over before. A new trail is being cut from this said tbe Indians would never fightGovernor Alexander W. Randall's recent message to the Orleans, an officer under General Jackson at the battle of legislature of Wisconsin is certainly a remarkable docatwo countries into a war—and such an event is not alto gether Improbable—how quickly could our boaattd gold possessions be wrested from us. We have nothing, abso- lutely tothing oder ing Any resUtuice to a well managedNew Orleans. Tho marriage ceremony was performedThis company of Rangers have been compelled to kill agreat number of Indians. Wcir.en and children are in all American flag above the beads of tbe bride and bride-coast belonging to us, and that afford no protection what-groom.In the year 1849 Mr. Gordon and family came to Sanmoved to ibe reservations.A member of CaptAiii Jarboe's company has just arrived business at Santa Cruz. In 1S51 he nturned to thto city,CARSON VALLRY.some of less note will be seat from New \ ork to Bogota. because a pet of the President, must be fostered and miln- what iiey have been represented, yet it will be as well to Sunday morning. Hto absence being observed, a party the Red Bluff Beacon, that tbe Kibbe Rangers, lately dis-The contract with the Ui<i .qui Improvement Company and the Secretary of the Navy, as mentioned in the report of that officer, subject to me approval of theUnited States Congress,hascieatodsome:ta-usatiouhere.taiiied at any and every hazard and cost; but a great, tree and glorious State must be trilled with, and left at the mercy of any foe.ioe k before the leap is made.On Monday, Dec. 12, a mammoth Inmp cf silver ore, from the Optiir lead, Virginia City, passed through Carsonforced the door, and found their friend a stiffened corpse upon the floor with a terrible wound in the side of the head, sufficient to cause instant death It was from two1 know nothing about the validity of Thompsoa's con-tract It is claimed ami <uu«l h«r» that llw contrast Isforfeited by con fulfilment of most impoKant stipule- !Uous •tlhm the required titue , and further, that it coo-tains a clause aotolutely aad positively preventing its ]transfer to any foreign power. It to not likely if, as stagovernment—when, lo I we hear that thts may be denied us ths wuuer in Congress.M i n i n a ; I n t e l l l s r e n c e . WAeHOK SILVER -1MPOHTA.NT UWt'OrKRT.its appropriate place in the monument to the Father of shows thai the assassin must "have struck him from be- Grand Jury for Assault with a deadly weapon, bas disap- h:n Country hind, while be was in a sitting position. A pen was still peared, having gone to New Yo-k by the last steamer, itL'eut Watson, lately from Camp Floyd, had the misfor- in ihe hard of deceased, with which he had been writing, is raid. He forfeited his bail—$800.»We fii.d in the San Francisco Jtewt Lttter the followtn? eminent jarat would have given an opiuiou sustaining the Mr McCullcch. of that city :—as can be expected.Mr W W. Vaughn, /:st from Wa'ker's river, comesinto our- office, says the Kntvyrue. He reports one hun- dred miners sull at the diggings, snow three feet deep, no wo.k uoiDg, pre-viiwns scare-- and miners leaving in coonothing elicited to fix a suspicion on any one as tbe perpe-trate- of thto most diabolical murder. It w a s evidentlynotdoneforthepurpeweofplunder,asnothingwasmissedfrom the room, which contained property to thevaiue ofS60O or SI.000. tbAt was within reach and cold havebeen carried off in one hand. A safe containtnjfserveral sentenced, in San Francisco, in 185 *, to the State Prisontod, the contract was submitted to Attorney GeneralBlack of the United .States—" a true copy"—that that j article which refers to an iinportAnt invention mile bvExEcr-mic CLEMK.vrY—Governor WeUer h a s restored tocf lrad*—Ji*mcipal Betignaticmi—Upjhljf Inkrtiting Trial in 0* City Omrt—A Batch rf Brituh OJtcm for Managua—IkeSUambmtLauraFrance*gmplofed,aV. Chrtotmaa holidays have been very gaily kepi with <»this season.First of an came merry Chrtotmaa dinners, after themaaaer of OMass* New Kagland; Utea followed St. John'sday, which was cefchraUxi by the Masonic fraternity-*grand bail nesne given as the evoalng, at which theofficers of t h e lodge appeared in their regalia, and theball room was decorated with the aaUcejal flags of theEarnest preparation to being made for prosecuting it the neighborhood of Woarerville, and we know ofnoportionof thecountywhere every foot of soli is more richly interspersed with the precious metal A <9°mVMNl * wergreeaa, wasa aign, la large letters an1 greatchangehattokenplace in themanner ofworkiug the mines, aad the contrast of the present with five years KIT'**''**••***••***'»******m'f1"**"•tee,showsthatnewandmorecertaingold savingme-try with such expectations, of course to be disappointed; and, unable to oveecome their disappointment, they re- main in the State udscttied And dissatisfied, complaining of the country—always on the qui vive for something to fillPB*rKirTTVKFIEK—TheSAWmilloftheTuolumneCoun- thatthereshouldbenoslaverythere.Acoostttutionaity Water Company was fired by some fiend on Saturday convention, sitting to make s State enm«Jtuttoastea^Ba;night, says the Union Democrat of the 24th, and it, to- miin power.' Is It tree that slavery overrides every gether with one hundred thousand feet of lumber, was other great mtereatr That the assumed right of urooertvtomantosootdandendurmgtbAt, touched byfhelndu- rating hand of time, u can harden into s right aseolute beyond the reach of s a y interference but that of^Omej: poteneer Have We such s government that there toneCased States, Great Britahs, France, Sardinia, Costa iica,the Western States of Minnesota, Iowa, Missouriand hr- As a work of mechanical genius and skill, lau steamer tered, thev were sufllcielly strong to hold the time,kansas, most certainly tbe preference must be given to challenges admiration as she now lies upon the stocks, which at the time was full of water. Tbe company htveNitbe femer, with its genial dime and varied productions, anu when completed, will be justly regarded as theUrg offered a reward of $3,000 for the apprehension and con Tne fact Umt fJengresB bas the power to "pro-«ragna, *u., which Were festooned with much taste, aad at the tower end of the room, above the orchestra,andthehappyandbetiifio*ntarrangementofiuseasonsTberoe sStates bordering t"he Mississippi, Although dittia-guhhsd for the ruhness of their soils, tamTtmaSi COOMIU nteatk-nwiththemarketsoftheEast,aregenerallyaa-estandmistsplendidboatinCalifornia. Herdtmcesiona are 260feet in length, 40feet bean, 70 feet across from tbe (Hitsides or tbe guard, and 7 feet depth of hold, there aresowaboutthirtymechanicsemployed uponher,aidvictionofthe miscreants who did tbe wort. Th?mill wss situated near tbe heal of tbe ditch, at Lyon'sold ranchhibitslaverytotheTerritories, tomewer much thatdoc- time maybeopposed from mottoes of interestTM biuon. nutwltbataBdtag tbe great welrtt thatbaV thrownintotbetoateagatotttt.toaswrtainasesse* tbe New Twht.' York style, and if with and a MsrthMtn tbat'has aa agent laIbthsb'toareguee eur Irani t. k » wry •eeaaeaVetaaytbtag, sMSsstd wist utat ef hat atoaesouMb*siarecalled WalkeTsnocesseS snd'they would Uke netblng b«t-ter than to catch hbn wttbtn their territory. Tuto stools ! his claims recently pan-haaed to WcaveT^rewkTbe descriptions of CAlifomto haws been generally but tbe exAgrerAtions of its beauties snd Msoefecto%blle one ieclares it to bo the perfect Ulopu. another rlvaa U th*Baooji.—At American township, Sacramento countv December 30, Elizabeth J., wtre o? WsrrenN Baoa^. a•>• known to Mr Tfdnrhitt CrossScoti,aadhemaymen 4*gATransitgrantLet hist separata hisitelf i claims have fortserry paid $0 a d ay for trtftic»y ^drmsnt'tka^ a speedy fortune, sad atsaoptmied ia thu.tbey toad athe spinees sad origteauty of Chrysopolni, sod hto enttr*' appucabUtty,hasbeengenerallyadmitted,sadtheretono doubtofberbeingchristenedwiththtohappilysuggested««, rf^ * - » « ^ . J « T R o b e r t Eggers.son npoo Southern Plantations. This evil ulmor* rr*wT#^!idsomechanceofobtainwiltpaytwicethatAmountwhentheycanbe traumawanderingsaddi8SAi*fl-d life,continually complAiaing oftbepovertyanddifficultyofextoteneeinCaliforniA.the fact that it receives counteaaaraYroaTb^^ern statesmen, and to openly proclaimed a i a & T asigned to be renstatedWewantarailroadacrossthecontinent,andhaveear- CityonitswaytoWashington. The block wasthecon- andahalftothreeinches in length,anddeepenoughtotributionofMessrsMorrison,Walsh&Co.totheWasH- ] with such aid as It could give in wild lands. We have an li:pton Monument. It is two feet six inches' long, teanearlysevertbeboneoftbeneck. Itwasdonewith ,- some very sharp Instrument—something like a lather's hatchet Alargelockofhairandaportionofthelower part of tbe ear were severed as smoothly as though it bad beendonewithasharppairofshears. ThewoundbeingimDiwThompson,Jr,whohasb.ensentoutheroby the Improvement Company, toft Aapinwail on Son-daylastforC&iiiqui,withapartyofsixmeu,tocom-mence operations. He expec's to be joined soon by a j is struck, may cost the government a trifle in its start. pounds, and is valued at $600. That block will open the Inroemuchlarger,a/lor ifcceivii-g tools,ic,inavessel |Butitisablees'ngtous,indispensibieinourisolat»lpo- eyeso(Congressmentotheimportanceofourminingin- direct irom New Yorknestly endeaTOfed to get the approval of government, overland mail communication which, when a nice balanceincheswdeandsixoreightinchesthick, weighs 16SDM'ARTEH—Frederick Elmore,whoshot ThomasRa- sition, and is about the only reasonable !>oon extended b / terests, aDti will yet proudly bear the name of Nevada in on the right side, and exactly square across the neck, leigh Mahan unintentionally, and was Indicted by theexisUi'g validity of the contract, unless it was unques- When 6o many itorioi aio current in fa^or of, Andtionably particular in a matter of such magnitude, and others against, the newly discovered silver mmes. it is sequence At the hend of Mono Camp tbe snow is fivecitizenship John M'iton, convicted of grand larceny and 1that woulu attract general aiteution.The Panama Kai.rttad C<> apany claim the sole and ex-clusive ngbl to construct a road of any kind between the two oceans, where a transit route, with barbr>rs on eich oreau, can bo feasibly undertaken by aoy company. Th<-y fear no opposition or competiilon unless from some government.gratifying to be able to state, from present knowledge, feet c.-ep Mr. L. Lamb, wtio came through with Mr.some fuels in comedian wita this mattpr. By espeoral Vaughn, had !.:« l e t frozen, and n o * rema.ns at Genoathousand dollars incom and dust, wasalso untouched, the "key of which was found in the pocket of deceased.—Sone-ra DtrnwraOe Aye-Absconded erith his Wife's Sister. Coder the above caption Ihe Sacusuiwto Bee, of Dec. •J?., gives the followmg:—a man namid II II. Foster, who tormerly dul business as a wheelwright, ou the corner offor one year.George N. Morris, convicted in the Nevada Court ofSessions, October, 1855, of assault w;ih intent to commit mnrcer, and sent"Ec<?d to four years In the State Prisoa.Seabcru Coffman, convicted of manslaughter in San Joaquin county, ia 1856, and senle-ncea to the Stole Prison for three yearsfavor we were, within the past few days, permitied to witness an entirely tew process for the reduction of* me- tallic ores, which witl eventually supersede all the ordi-to receiverGovernor Roop r>riorts the severest weather ever ex-perienred in Hnnej Like VaUev Snow to tr/.e rteoth of naiy methoas. In the case aiudea to, Mr. McCulloch, MXt-eti or e.^Jietu luehi » had fallen on the ie.uUi side ofaealy tical chemist, iqierated upon a> sampl" of Washoe the vai'ey—none o;i the north 1'ienty of provisions in A r«a.i from Chinqtii on the Ailar.Ue u> Ctiiriyai on the silver ore. which yieided at the rate of four thousand two the valley. S'x U-arns loaded with flour and provisionsAnd. P.e-vnolds. convicted of grand larneny in 1851, in as property in the stave Slates. The fact that slaves are K and Ninth streets, ia this city, left ou the last steamer Tuolumr.' county, and sentenced to the fcute Prison for called property gives no right of property in them. MeuI"actac would TUBfrom theharbor or lagoon OJ"Bocas JelTwo on tbe Atlantic, to the Guif ot Dolce ou the Pacific,loth tin? harbor». The* small village' of iu.iu, ne.trwhich the Indian buacaswnre diico^ered Ust simmer,hune'i.ed i.ollars to the ton. This sample was pr<,cu^ed are new on tie way from mat place to Carson. Stock in tinocgb Mr I>. Davidson, and tepre.*.«Dted a cons: lerabie tbv vaile i. do it wellw th hl& wile's sister. It appears, from what we are told, thrtHi yean- are not recogtiireJ by the civilized world as common sub ihat t e has not lived with bis wife lor more than a yeiar The Coveroor bas a'so pardoned one John Doe, convict jecti or property. They cannot be placed in the sam<» or >ghteen months; and prior to Cial tune they did not ed at tne October term of a District Cojrt ia r-'m Fran- category as chattels, and things, and estates, which areIn.->nearthisgulf,overwinchCostaRic-tclaimsjurudic- MrJJiitii.ocfi'rmo>>eofb»-[-araiogtheue'tti;.-omtheUonThe Daniel Webster on her last trio from lUvana,miricra .'/.ng constii ienis s rntireiy i new oue.au' so per-fectly fai'slactery are the re-su'ti tlia* one is amized tbAl(Ogrtalano urqioriani a discovery baa not been m e :eI .tg ere tti;.- t.me. he-eptical in ail theoretical matters ofVbit> Wind, w e leli moie than sat»U'-d upon witnessing tlievarious operations, lrom the uelivery uf the crude ore tothe reeepuon ot me pu*e metal mo-e particularly a? U.ng V» v brruer. The Tnbeing on te>o int.mate terms wirli her sister About a terredtothe siate Prison for fifu-e-a yeari. It is slated Slavery in the Territories, therefore, would be withoutbult now in the possession oi Mr. l>-ot, woo e, undersiool 'o be extensively engaged in the saver m:Ceopyrations,The r.roan-B of l'-ie- ].a?sen, the oil pi.inuer, were'•r-T'-il w:i;i >li.-ri:o hono-s, fV.uday, November 27, IBBbisownr.."cha'Honey!,ake Theattendanceonthat liceharmoniously,asbiswifesuspectedan.)accusedliitnof chco,in1M>7.otmurderInth«seconddegree,an1sen- universallyconcededtobesubjectsof ownershipbrought down a party of about Utirty Germans, m e n ,women and chiloren, on their way to liavt I and vicinity.They wet* from Texas, About forty miles from Housvou(so 1 uDiK-rstood them i. and go u (kid a milder climate inCoeta Kica, to open codec and sugar estaies. They will evtrytblcg was conducted openly and with a fa't har j e; o - t lo . -i»r i;p i. ' 1 tea.113 succeed, unices molested by revolution.En fanant. Kx I"residient Mora l-aves to-day again in knowledge, on the part oi eiery one present, of evtry decomposition aflecteo, aud not as it maybethe Guatemala for Cuem Rica. He will most probacy cone iu a siriail way at any a-s&avwg eslabhsbinent,weni to his wiie. told ti.-r luat ue loved her much, wasigratlon to (alli'iirnia-A Re- comgtolivewith her apaiu,andwould forever cherish AKRlenri)FOKAMIKOKiiCoMairraiTIURTTYKAHSAGOeil'eci a lancing thid timesSir William Gore Ousetej, K C. B. , e x Eavoy KTtraordiber; that Le had about *l,4O0, with wh.ch he was goingto build a house, enter ir.ro busini ss a^aiu, and th° t*owou'd be happy as in days of yore She, of course, believedhim, a n d w a s excie.duigly rejoicud to Lear these accept-able words from lis own ;ipp. OQ Saturday lii't, w» be-lieve it was, be proposed to her ihat they shouM takre atrip to tan Franc sco to see some oil friends tuerc anihave a litt'e recreation—a kind of second honeymoon,.^be gladly consented—was more than happy iu her newlife—ami off they went, taking little Sis alocg. Tbey i.a-gered about there for a day or two, paseiur m e time hap-pily together, and ou Tuesday inoriurg last Foster sail hehad an appointment with a man on business, and woof outearly. He returned in the course of au hour, however,andsaidtobiswifethat he hadnotbeenab.e.ioseehim,but would find turn between nine and ten o'clock, an 1 at: yet, aud whether the quartz is gold bearing remansi ary and Minister Plenipotentiary, vtc , Jcc , l-i ly Ouseleyand daughter visited iljeVnited Slates flagship Rnanokj California, since it will be a waste of tim« and capital to'pi'-nt disco-.ory of go'd, tue country was general^'sup-yesterday afternoon. Sir Gore was hocored with a salute of seventeen guna H • leaves this morning on the Webster, with bis family, for Havana,James O'Kuilly Kearney, who his been vSritin? here some years, a prominent merchant, died on Wednesday last. ISth He was from Gaiway, Ireland. Mr. Kearney died of l*raljMA.SEWS FROM CENTRAL AMERICA.OnrSeatJaaadelNorteCorrespondence. ' SAMJUAJ! on, Soars, Jan.16,I860.CV-inhwot Festiviti'9—St Jokn'i Dan one! a Grand Mi-gether iitiinbabrtabto. Oftheclimate butlittle was known. The cilicers o the army, in tin .r Urst reports oi the gold discoveries, represented the diggings as in ravines where no vegetable life ex'Sted, and where the sun poured down his rays with such Ur:iQ; pewer that but few could bear up against it, a n d fevers, sunstroke a n d death were pro- phesied as ihe certain consequence of continued tobor in such plat •> (See Folsom's letter, 1S43 )perhaps, 6ixty years o;' age.every kind, including stoves, into tbe Territories, and have it protected there under the constitution,'' The idea that '• neither Congress nor a Territorial Legislature, norawnc Ditflmy— Saval Btkiupiam en Share— JWw Tear* ground any suspicion that in richness ot silver it will be tensely active;shortly after,gardens were made which pro- not want it, but be insisted on ber keeping it, and she did.Tire GovsxNDBtHir or UTAH —A correspondent of the*4P/i Cc.-n/.-rrnAsays:—I have good authority for statin*that Genera! Harney has solicited, and will be appointed,Gjvercor of Utah, to take Che place of the present civilaad military officers. Tms wilt be the first measure of the stitution prohibiting it? If a Territorial Ie^latnrexanaot present administration which will receive the approbation prohibit it, bow can It provide for tbe etoetttn mtdamZ oteverybody butMormons. Mr.BichAuaaowesitlo gatestoAconstitutionalconventionwithpewertomakea hlmselt and hto great nawa«hed constituency to perpnu tree State constitution' It would be unoonstituttonal to ale some such act a s this, to prove thai he is not a Mormon. declare in a Slate constitution, formed over * TerritoryRejoicing*—Commodore VandertuWt Trammt Mittion toone whit behind tne sample already alluded to. still, goldduced prwligiously and with enormcus profits The early lie-then said that she might as well dresa tbe little girl,settlers were overjoyed, and in their description of the and he would take her with him, as he had only a little A'uoraywe— Whftht Government Dislike* Him—The Har- tbe first sample. j\a n has never yet been found that country to tLeir frienas in the Kast, no coloring WAS too distance to go, and would soon return to escort his wife bor Otrima nmtf—Xtw BnMinm and Renewed Hopes silver to so uncertain la its dissemination as gold has high, language could harily find words to tell of the love- around town. Ho started with the child, and that to thehas not jetmade its appearance in such quantities as inm*-tt to England, there to be reduced, and its value es- tablished in corroboration of our own assays.consumed Not satisfied with having done that amount ofmischief, the perpetrators, of the act bored notes iaeighteenofthepoststhat supportedtheflame,bilo*t*ri«<milt, and after cbargtag taem with powder, set them offfor tbe purpebo of breaking down the flume, which was power but treat of Almighty God that dares to touch Itf IfTMKITT COUNTY.We arc indebted to the Trinity Journal, ot December the picture they have so long nourished, they become ofThe New Steamer Chrysopolla. TFrom tbe A da Califoroian, Jan. 4. iOne of the "sights'' of San Francisco is the magnificent steamer Cbrysopoiis (or Golden City) now huiMtnr for tbe t anion..a Steam Navigation Company, at Steamboat PointIT, for tbe following Intelligence relative to the mtn«s In that county —The near Approach of the rainy, and, with ns el the mountains, the golden season, is visible on everybut litUe use to themselves, and none to society.In comparing Cauforuia as a field tor settlement, withsixty feet high at that point In Uiis. however, they didnot succeed, for although tbe posts were very much suat-so, this great nation atest bead its neck to the^otoV and slavery Decome universa!, and, to a government ordataea by tbe people to preserve tbe blessings of liberty butune to fall upon the ice at Genoa Iftst week, and break hto or was about to write, at the time.leg He remains at the Gt;ut,a Hotel, and is doing as well The matter wa3 investigated by a Coroner's jury, butAsemun NKWCorrvty—It is proposed to organize a new county out ot portions of Tuolumne. San Joaquin, Stanis- laus and Calaveras counties, with Knight's Ferry as the county seat.occasion * t i ...ry ,ar^e one .or thu oiaec. OnS;:.;.v,5il, •tn.t,ar.o:!p tVmarinam>1Cirkjeari>pobe gave «p be.eitjc?<hereandtrirdhisbandat larmiotr, in the vicinity of Puts C-cek. And his sister in- law, v.rum be has ij>.w take-u with nun, went to resiJo with and kee»o house for bim, whin, his w,fe and rhiM— a littie girl now about three years old—remained iu town.that be bat b<en impriouedover twoyears,andthat there are extenuating circumstances connected with ttie homicide—the local excitement in Sin Fraucisco and pre vions pood character He was par ".oued on condition tbat he be take:, from prisou by Kraok Hardy, and place 1 onlawandabovethelaw,amerecreatureofforce,subject to all the contingencies of a violent existence An insti tiitioD so inhuman, so pernicious in its character, so dis astrous to the interests of free labor, and terrible in its consequences to tbe bondmen, and so antagonistic to the great principles of human liberty that underlie our gov ernment, ought by the exercise of every legitlmAte power to be restrained from any further extension: Tbe new and fearful doctrine that under the constitution of the United Stat** slavery g.>e* travelling into the free Tern lories of the United Slates, snd is there to be protected under its broad shield, without any local law on the sub»u- horned ,.^t cntirele. los'ug provisions, clothing and every i:,Xj!Tbe Governor r.-pcrsats very heavy fromThel'ro:?t*ie aco-i-sition of California by the Cnited States^#' view of tne Punt4-veruount, s-tjs the l'.acerviilo Observer, and the subAS:The ilarilnsb irg Gaz-Ve states thai George Drake wasarri.sied in Alleghany county, Md.. a few days ago, for themurder of a m»u named Athy, some thirty years ago.Drake was arrested at the time ot the murder, and a truehill tound ag.cust him by the Grand Jury, but ue managed tect In the Terrrtorles, is unworthy of the age in which to break jail and make good his escape to some part of ihe we live, or of the statesmen to whose hands sre entrust West. lie will be tried during the present month. Tbe ed the interests of this great people B to no subject of widow of Atl.y, who hr^ard the uyiug confession of ber congratulation that in this theoretically free government husband that Drake was the person that inflicted ih-3 an effort bas bi-en made, and is still persisted in. to estab wound which caused his death, is still liviug. Drake is, lteh the "right of every citixen to take his property ofTbeworstfeaturesofCaliforniabadbeenportrayed,sad the .aiEiigrAU of 18)9 can* with the expectatioQ oi lidding acount-y,certainlynobetterthantbeonehehadleft,sadwardof Mount St.Helena. There bas beennoanalyst* suggestedthatafterthattimetheyshouldtakeastroil tobetested. Wehearrumorsofwonderfulrichness,hutthis vested right,'' to the most unwarranted of any ever conceived ance the federal gov- ernment had an existence No good dtiaea can give assent to i t N o honest, enltghteoeu statesman should countenance it for a moment. It to not true There must be a power over slavery somewhere ft si not above the law , or out of the reach of tho tew U Congress cannot prevent n s extension, where does it s e t the power to authorise a convention to form a Bast* « VtttounJbrtunatecityofSanIT^otoos, Shetossalways probably,agrandpleasureexcursionwilltakeplace,andbeenbisetbyapackofconsciencelesstendsharks,.mv theCbrysopoiisbedulychristenedsndplacedoatht I fiSttiM offictahTand selfish politicians. They have route between thto city snd saaamento.ieasYtopurchase,'«•«--» Z^Z&Z^* traaaCar. Tharalnv season (If• tawSSny• ewwww. »S i t e d her of lands, depleted her treMury, bMtonfrom the returns of UMTeommg minm* •***» will, in the ag- , bar evsrythtog but her name, public squares b ^ * * * "1 frontrtoey have saddled her with a debt £ » " _ * « £ dollMS, f « wbieb she caanotabow, »or «verbad^ asbadew of sn equivalent; tbey have growni rich and fstupoa bsr life blood, and arosull pursuing tbar unfloiching riotto with the rapacity of bloodhounds, howling In her tracks and lickina their bloody jaws at the prospect of tearing1KSorera !^ JftgEmnforoement of the British Fleet at Pattoo's p i p , wbereopoo Patton waxed wroth, and seta tntetests in it qmto rich in this wertd> goods, U ^ ~ ? - tbe flesh from ber bones. A lot of soulless spetmletors channels have been found, and worked b y means of stow- Cyrus aad Meivina Wilson, a native of Gardner, Me.,agetVancouveri Iiiand,u.rhisgua,sentachargeofshotintoDash'sshoulder. ttnuetoworkinIt.Goodpay hai^V^."^" ThVof course, was more thau Captain Cautv, thenew the Eagle tunnel, At this place. The company took outAlcalde, etxud pat up with qotofly, and a warrant was at or.ee issued, and Pattoa brought uito co-rt.Tbe steamboat Laura Frances left this mornjttg forarenowplotting,scheming,andsortingtoeverytrick that artifice can conceive or invent ta swindle their un- fortunate victim out of the last poor rem-ingoffiliebankstothedepthofthirtyorfortyfeet Ihe work, costings vast amount of time and money, hat al- ways beea remunerative. Tbecompany owning thto point8 yeara, 8 avmtbt s a a I t enys.BJewt from the West Imtlita \ AD0OUBMMBNT OP THE JAMAICA UrilSLATPAB KWAftBBS—COKTICTION OP THt FAtttOtTHBtt—YaXLOW PEVn AT A CHRJOTMAt AMD KMKO BTNGPTON, ETC.By the Northern Light w s have Jamaica, dated oa tho 10th of January.The Morning Journal of thai day contains the summary>—The legislative session terminated on the 80thber, and we are happy to say that although oo* attempts bad been made to create a rupture betasen tbe Executive sad House of Assembly, the subjects of d a ptrte hsre all been sa tofactorUy settled without bcmgJag sboutacristool affairs, wbtob would be most *e#torateto at thtpresent time. ^ ^Inconsequence of the nnsaUtabtttrp rontatr ta wntoto theAssemblydisposedoftbequestionoftransferringthe control of tbe Post Office Department from the Imperial to tbe Local goverasatat, the tjorernor tntlrigttes the necessityofmimsnmtogtheliegatetur*ataaearlierpe- riod than usuaL » .eight ear loads of dirt from the ''chimney/' when g e y WOE i l ^ _ ih«>„.h. which yielded oae hundred dollarsnant of a once extensive domain; yet, notwith bad worked their claims from the river bank mwara Mm Standing ail these crushing evils—to say nothing of the mountain, till they reached a line of high ledge runningThe Independent Company will be down to the rock in stone pavement Large, cosily and substantial bricktheir slope tunnel in about tw o weeks, when the problem of whether or not there to a back lead in the hill, will be solved.buildingsaregoingupInevery^IrestkmijpMlKe dwell- $30perdaytotbemaa,from a single drift,whichvatThe Pioneer Slope Company, near thehave just received a new engine of forty horse power, toI n d i a n sI nM e n d o c i n oForestShades,Kustel, and a few dajs since we paid a brief TteWto theCapital—Ball* and Daneimg on the Bee of a Battle— It will be found quite interesting, in many points of view, be employed on. their works-, their old engine being too A correspondent of the Santa Ross Democrat, writing place. About forty tons of Wyshoe silver ore, from tho The Christmas holidays have passed off very qatethr.cases taken prisoners wb*n practicable, an'i well fed and The people of Carson Valley now number nearly four protected during their stay In camp, and wlnle being re-ings, which for beauty and finish would adorn/Fifth ave-run merely to prospect Sanborn k Co., in a n adjoining claim,aremakmgtwenty five ounces per day,with only onematdriftmg- Brown&Co.,tntbetamelead,arecity in the world to live to, work In,or sleep In, end mostprosperous,populousand substantial cities on thtoThe twovacancies crested by the death of the Hat.vered Uie main artery of hto thigh. I Am Informed since in tbe wnv of providing supplies and information relativeVBBY—SLAVE TBAr/B,ST.AVB IMPORTATrOWt, IT,ATS CODE, SLAVE LAEOK. SLATE STATES, SLATE TERRI- TORIESANDSLATBBTQESERALXT.place to Horse Shoe Bar.which will reduce the distance from this place to about tw o and a half miles.thousand souls, and they are determined to ctt loose from their accursed connection with Utah. T h e Mormons are most corcialiy dotested, and the bate to reciprocated to tbe fill;est extent., Qve to twenty five miles wide. It to rich in nity, was perpetrated in Chinese Campos Sunday night 1S69, aud tho birth of 1860, a salute or twelve guns with tbe idea that its existence would be, comparatively,Bat we have only this sad showing oi defence for over | Klver, copper, lead and gold-bearing quarts. The last The victim was Marccllos M Butler, an old resi ushered in the New Year. The City Hill bell was rung, but temporary, snd that it would die out,as an Institu-It was rumored at CarthAgeoa that another battle woakl copper miLos are represented* by Mr. Williams half a million people and tw o thousand m > s of coast W e ,dent of tbe Camp, about twenty eight years of Age, for- and several companies of youths dressed in fantastic* tion entirely incompatible with the genius of tbe governmerly from St. Lawrence county,- N. Y. The deceAsedPueada had recovered front h.s wound receiveduithe asthehome sq*iadron,the Mediterranean squadron,theI ordinarily fine quality. The difficulty of transportation wasacarpenterbytrace,and tad a shop,with a small instruments,giving forth horrible discord, paradedour wss formed. While the Increase of tbe aumprobably take place at o r near BarranquiiLa. General nave our navy, it is true, but tbey are elsewhere—?uch ( to be inexhaustible, and the ore of extra-attire, and equipiie t with almost every species of musical meat, and with tbe great objects for which itGulf and African squadrons; but here, the most valuable • will, however, operate as a bar to working them; but room attached, in which he lived, in the western portion streets and seemed bent upon having a -'good time." ber of slave States bas not been correspondplosion's of pistols, guns, &c., awakened sleepers from barbirs of Cajlba^cna aad Barra&quilia still remaiu is seldom visited by a man of-war. Our people have wIII well repay the working. Immense numbers of peo- acquired a snug littl<j competency, variously estimated At their repose.power of slavery to tbe government bas beea so great ss that tbe slave population in the slave States to now greater than tbe entire populationofthecoloniesatthectotted. neverseensuch aeighthere asalineofhatUe ship,un- plefromlbs adjacent couDtles have visitedCarsonYal- from$1S,000to$20,000. Recentlyhisbusiness hasbeen EABTUIJVAKK—Quite a smart little shsckof snearth-Private totters inform me that General Posada was pre less itwas a foreigner, duld we htve the protection that iey, and have come Away satisfied oi the great mineral mostly oonfined to loaning money, whenever the terms quake WASexperienced in San Francisco city on New time of our revolutionary controversy with Great Britain,paring to leave for Bogota.> the government sees fit to afford to the execrable Mmnon wealth of that region. It would not be Astonishing if a suited his convenience. And CArryiog on a kind of pawn- Year's night, at seven minutes before nine o'clock. It The New Granadian Congress inlets in February. It to rebels, we could build ships and keep them here, and not population of twenty five or thirty thousand souls were brokerage with CbinuKen. His books show An extensive created i/n excitement, although sensibly felt by many.and the whole machinery of the federal government to blocked up by its exactions. The compact made at tbe time of tbe adoption of tbe constitution of tbe United .States, that slavery should be tolerated, and that "per- sons held to service should be delivered up on claim ef tbe party to whom service was due" has not been satis factorytotbeslaveboklingStates. Newdemandshare been constantly made upon the oonsctoBoes of the people of the non slavehol ling States, until serious difficulties have arisen between the two sections of tbe Union. There is no right of interference with slavery to tbe stave States bv legislation to tbe free States tending to tot aboli- tion , or by citizens of the free States through a violent to- tervention. Butthegovernmentwssformedfortbede- clared purpose of "preserving the blessings of liberty " among other things, and notfor the purpose ef extending slavery. Tbe colonies which so urgently denounced tae evils of the institttuboa and so strongly com plained of the slave trade, sow, erected into Slates, seek to force upon free territories the evds of a system they then deplored, by pleating slavery where the fathers of the republic never intended it should go. Time after time compromises have bees entered into, connected with and growing out of the existence ot slavery. And time after time, at the demands ot slavery, tbey have been broken down. Its exactions a r e into.e rant White there to no right of interference with slavery where it exists in the slave States, by free State leg-.sis tion. and while there to no effort at interference with it by forcible means by citizens of tbe free States, with s few individual exceptions, thefree States have s right to insist, and it to their doty to insist, that it shall be no far tber extended. Tbe tact that tbe Territories are the com- mon property of the people of all the States carries with it no right to establish slavery there. The fact that men are held as slaves in stave States gives no right to carry them as slaves into Territories simply because they are countedstaled here that tho sousm will be more lliau usuallyengaged with Americaa interests The Panama RailroadCi rciaty will make a st.xng effort to g-.ltueir charterameLded or extended, and will apoly all their intheooeupontheCongressandemptytreasuryofNewGra'JAda.As ihe moat distinguished l.jsobj job graduates of your Slateare buslir engaged about your own Congress, probablybe humiliated in the<*y*sof other nations. Twenty mil- tomigrate thither by next July. Mining inCarson Valley business inthis department, in items ranging alltneway The oscillation was corthcast to southwest, and lasted lions of doMare were expen led during fhe first jear of the will, however, require the outlay of a good deal of capital, fjom one dollar to hundreds. H » room WAS a perfect About ten Seconds.farce of subduing the Mormons, and very few of our peo- and those who expect to reap fortunes from placer dig storebouro of articles pledged, consisting of watches, ple are so ignorant as not to know that these polygauustt gifgs will b-5 disappointed. All -cannot succeed,,aad, chains, gold specimens, pistols, clothing, and all the littletrickeupeculiarloChinamen.Tbe deceased was last seen alive about four o'clock onMCKK l.M>L'..\ TKOUBLR —The Shasta Herald antispates moretroublefromtheIndiansinPittRiverVnlley,1,400 red men having collected at the bend of that stream.banded in this place, will again find employment hi Ano- ther campaign against the Humboldt Bay Indians, who are said to have become very troublesome.REQtiEMMASS.—ArequiemmasswasofferedonJanutry 6, to the cburch ot Notre Dame des Vtctoiree, Bush street, forthereposeofth«soulofthelateBishopBarry,ofSs- vAnnan.—San Frond-copaper.arenowinbetterheart,andstrucgeran1moreinsolent thoirraii'iswillprononnoethecountry Ahumbug. Al-than ever. Congress can vote money to snstsm thtf in- though oo doubt exists ihat the Washoe mines are really fainons blot upon our fair character. This reoei chieftain.EIBBA RAM.Km—There to A report in circulation, saysmost rigid economy, approximating to parsimony, he hadtw er ;s frozea orer i'*coin ng tired of ranchii g he disposed of his proiert/, board the stestnshipwin the tiOth. and never return to the iacd, wagrms, amma'«, etc , aod came into to.vn iately, Slate.—i'.c L'nvmbut a.« it may be done with a ta;>us*ud tous a', a time, quite as easily as with a;i ounce. This Jis roveiv ot Mr. Mci*uliocD will prove of immense value toposed to consist of desert plaras and rugged mountains, export metallic ores when tbey can be reduced with as whose tojis were covered with perpetual snow, and alto-much 'ac'litj andas litt.e cost in this Slate as in an?pan of the world Indeed, it is a question w-nether the red no- tion caiLot be done here cheaper than iu olden oo ia- tri'»sF'om prudential motives, w e refrain from even hiutiagat the-means by which Mr. MoCuiloch commands res iltsso satisfactory, and more particularly because, in a veryshort tune, bin plans will be matured, and his privilegeto excuiiivo right secure** by letters patent m everycountry where metallurgical operations are o: imporfcauceenoughtocommandattention. Atthopresenttimehetsetgajted upen A cons-i ierab:e quantity, reoresentir»g the as soon ASpossible return to his old haunts He found the arOuad town. He gave her a $10 oiece, saving that it can trace tbem to no reliable source. source of which toe house of Alsop ti Co hold their country tnoch more lohabiiAbteanathe climate much ploa- would serve her to purchase Utile articles that she mightagency. In this case there is nothing upon which to sacter than be anticipated. Gold was plentiful, and lifeIn- see and fancy in their walk Sae told him that she dellinessotItsclimate,thefertilityofiasoil,thegrandeur lasthtowrehasseenofhimorherchild. Shesooadis of its scenery, the salubrity of its atmosphere, and of Ms covered that he left on the steamer of that day Tor varied, rkhand illimitable resources. The impression Panama,that he took herchildwlih him,aodthatherproved to b e , tbe future or California, through the adlacency of tbe silver territory, to something that m ay rea-sonablystaggertbefainthearted,for,in reality,thereIsnoroomleutojosttfyusInentertaininganydoubtasto wasthuscreAttdthaithiswastbefabledElDorado;that ownstaterwasonboard.ShefoundaU-tterfromhim the enormous amount ef latentmetallic wealth enshrouded here wealth could be procured without toil ani suffering, addressed to ber, in which he stated that she would moor interior provinces. By the outgoing steamship and could be enjoyed tn the style of tbe princes and aa never see bim spam, and hoping that she ni'ght be bappv, swora nine tons of ore wid be forwarded for trans s h p bobs of Oriental story. Immigrants poured into the coun- while he bad no doubt he woula be miserable.VaLCAaaQrArrzLBDGKDtscnvsmm—Messr*.Larkio,waote appearance at t U hell room renected oredit upon thoeaare being rapidly introduced. The time of rich beattby, agues and fevers prevailing in all sections, wheth- the noise of their hammering And pounding, joined with Oooiedge &• Carson are the fortunate discoverers of a governmtnt has power to Acquir.e territory at aiL" * b oarrmng^a w Z T *n."• Jhsbs«waat<wJt4t4bysoto»1''strikes' Itpast, buttheimproved andconstantlyim-• "ig mode of working the mines is yielding aa extra offoW. The-rocker"tad"torn"arenearlyer along the. rivers or on the high prAlrto.and kTwintafsa well as summer, aad their mo.tunpleasant seasons^ A short summer Aad a long And excessively rigorous wintertrat from the other boats being constructed In the yard, carries one back to the ship yards of the Atlantic cities Tbe Cbrytopolto to constructed entirely of California aodquartstedge,whichpromisesto beoneottht:richestia tbe country, says the Plecervllie (Xxerver of December 28. ItissituatedtoBigCanon,abouttwomilesnorthofjtcannotcontrolwhatIthaspowertoacquirebrtreaty by conquest or b y purchase, tt absurd. Thte power' raouidbeexercatd,endthewayofslavery exttnatentwenty A ve todtoe, a a d *"""*•"*tevaralbttoarsCroeatheUnited*»....». . •tot a t TM^^TM^^^w *wswpaaw» wea^w waww^w^wa likewtoe present.d, and have given place to immense flumes aad A TZSl ?;**?*.!' * V°m ^ wmpsrtson m which they Oregon WTXI Her timbers of laurel, such at were used Placerville. and about half a mite from Cbtie Bar, on the walled up forever. The slave States have ao reason to brydraahos. A half page of thto paper could be do notfsli far behind tbe new State of tne Pacute Thai in the Saginaw, while those for the support of south fork of tbe American. They presented us with a complain of this. They must be left unmolested ta teeA saperb seaper w a s servedm short, everything weat off m an•**J" ^my, a^aaaeei wwe^aeaem aaaawe or aeeaaeeei H W wBtBTMseT'^aUaV aeeahsn a^at A I JOathenightofthe89th,Captainseatat,ofnsa nt, a band of Gtbtoptas _ianlgave agrand aejrforasanwitor, wbtob would sot have disgraced theClwew^wtvt/aaptise. Atti*et*Af. aad beenOoeu arraogad,"tory, llotoaed <ie«toe4.whytoitthattheemigrationtothemissopermanentand the engine are of Paget Sound pine, which has contented, and that to California so dissatisfied Aodso been pronounced tbe best adapted to the pur- anxious to return- It can be in no other reason Uian to pose. It. obtain a correct estimate of tbe symsse ?» dtoappotntavent oftheirexpeotattonaT " try andstrength which are combined in thisboat,the totheWest,miMbvTmaaM^ i T a ^ J ^ - J n g J visiter mast study tbem carefully. A mere glance, takingU»evening;and, HawK Bawatwwswslwf-ktonewaadextensiveiapprovements!nthebus*specimenwhichshowsgoldplentifully,aodmuchreaem blesthequartsoftbecelebratedPacificledgemthtocity, of wbteh it is supposed to be a continuation..AJUTT brrsmoBwrs --General Haraey will mavertally altertbepolicyhithertopursuedwithregardtotheIndians within his military jurisdiction. Boside tbe holding of n n tages, to wbtob tne War Department objected, be contem- plate*reformsindealingwiththeredm-n,wbichareex-eiijoynaentoftheblessingsofthat peculiar lastttuttoaIT thereareanylilisningsconnectedwahit,tathestar* States, so long as ihogovernment roruaias.' White that is conceded,therighttoimposeituponnewTerritoriescan- not be admitted,aad its extension must be prerentel not byinroadsuponthestaveStatesthemselves,with'wie lence snd blood, butby legitimate r - tcn.sustainedbythepoweroftbegovernmiIt cannot be conceded that the btacknubusiness upon the earth. W ewith the great God over any supposed error ta thatoea- tion or dtatnbution of racea. There to a diversity of raoea Intellect to confined to no race, white there to creat tea quality in intellectual devetopemant. S o far s a t h e »r*Ii rights of life, liberty, aad the pursuit of s*pmaem^are concerned, tt is enough that they belong toWith tbe wisdom which has dtottaenhntow siraces of m en by marked physical aad mteitectawe essi CATSi no dispute. But we can learn, and we teaTM, from this very diversity, that each ranTbeloacsTo iteelfalone,andthattherecanbeaosocta,contactor*T sjni'atioobutwouldeerry wahtbem uatsei^sstasssrsThere are other evils conaecteat with tha snbiacL White the African slave trade to made Wracvbv u . V i to to condenrnv* by tbe what. rtriltasVwartu* oinbsrnt** a a s w * fMSJK^tjpjtjtejB_iofminingattheWeaverrulebasin.Jones Anwlowe, ha MeHenato's gulch. Is not surpassed bv anylfcetworkiatheState,and4isnothaitrdoustopredict that duet years hence the owners will be the wealthiest seenItNorthCaMtorato, MeKsasJe'sandSidneygulch,~» frame will pats entire, whan fortuneonfortune,andworked days never gave up hair theirlb>ewe"w^iisjtstlsfth tetbjgb.D e a t h sSamuel m l i S S S t g S a TfSBrfoaaad all these' between fcaat taw ' Q n t creek, are beeonmg ho** »?£.m.,*^Stateshouldbeknown;thattosettleand Gulches, here requires tot. patience sad privation, new countries. There sre lamusee tm for the occupancy of those whs have tbeteboreta _ goMsavin* n*a««_.^*?S taprovei hfasJlKaeQeJeb tbe___^'*""7 w-u. n[ Ooehell k Davidson, three thousand ltoir„thosesowcomingtothtocountry. Tbegreatmajorityo-tbe immigrants, for several years, neat, have come tosearch of employment, expecting wages that would insure to select Though thte selection has not yet taken placePhilipandAnnEvansaged3yearsandlflIamnui.tmi»!c..-in Santa Rosa, Dec. » , wlfflaoaji William A. and Carrie E Eliaeon,ngeddveers 'quentwitanceacvgoesofstoves,frraKro* ifrLJh.» b-en lAnded upon ourlootbern coaatsfan? tbs^cnantte scattered through the cocntrr. marketed tat aarvTcasluiced.ThediggingsofCocbelt« Davidson,ediotejagTheflumoofoat will be more than a mite make a b give t correct idea of tin im.only necessary to state thAtltis\£.l*"Mutant"wtoT rttntettt to,>>< ft er Uf,s 6 veatu-chitect, aad tbe work thus far denotes a master hand. All tbe estabtosbment of extra military posts. of the fintohmt and joiner work Is to be of tht flaest deecripttoa, and to entrusted to Mr. Wtogard, whose achieve- ments in that line hitherto have won for him the highest reputation. Her eegtoeS, which are now on their way here from New York, are walking beam, of twelve feet stroke.aid she will have two tew pressure tubutor boil • m Her bog chain arches are alone worth a visit by ihose who take an Interest in such details, being modelswill be required to eom-mere drop to what will ted rod: of tht hundred to mid bate to tbe tun. of to the largest in thtoallycreathig vamabtobor^-^ - aad wealthy cemmunitieai t' ' haoovtat C a l i f o r n i a ." " * ' " ^ * ' « * -hoowin|rallyallThattobeforebun*thattfwr^E mustj3or, andbe know, that the soB .Torero and«a.[ S ^ ' o / t h e * tend,'1mr{«n^ra?dV«tobergreatdimensions,conveysonlyasuperficialidea of tbe thoroughness and massive solidity displayed to every detail. The work to under the superintendence of Capt.JamesWhitney,latePresidentoftheSteamNaviga-of produce to be obtained f i o n i ^ e a t t h a t S tion Company, Mr.John G. North to the builder aad Ar- pected to be prodactive of sure beaeaciAi results thanbas nodoothers in aB the gulches reproach of a I'Andemonlum. to those who would setth ef"architectural exACtr.ess aad skill. It Is tbe aim of ber native of Kentucky, aged 96 years. m c ^ ' *which tt proporumtothe •nuailywe'l. Rub. Gulch.io CaliforsiA tbe truthful character and condition ofowners to introduce every important improvement nowUntitled Documentusniesn a poucf do-• wseeDAVIDSOU—«SanFrancisco,Dec81,Mrs.EUitbeth^r^St^^ &&&*%$&- aJSSw^^JMlM'^^ ^"**existingistbeWesternboats Thecabinswill beon rtootiaar a scale of beauty aad capacity commensurate with the toad tree restoftbeboat;neither care nor expease are to bespared In their construction, and here the skill of Mr. wtU to improve, plant tad watt. But such seams ashle Wmtard and hit men wiii be particulArly displayedbe tbe disposition or the desire of tbe greaser porttoa of The name, "Chrjsopolto," was soggssted b y a gentle- v ^ m ^ 1 i ^ n m d m a > h t G - * » i L«cr. daughter of attempts aieoioauttuyBAedeto reoatn to andiaVrrVmanOfthiscity,whowasappliedtoforsname:tbe owners having each agreed to submit a list from whichSAUTDCUTHENKWYEARaSASFRANCISCO—Exactly coloniesatthetimeoftbeformationofourprtonalconsti-Qt ARTS Vv<HVHRV —Great excitement prevails in theupper portion of Napa county, says the Reporter, in cou-sequence of the atocovery of a quartz lead to the nortti any human power, has any authority, to annul or impair10 °fG.H.Eggers.aged7monthsaad24laysFruxa—toSanFrancisco,Jan.2,Mrs.MererE, rulrom,iiativeotCoi«»rd,slass.,aA^DOyesra ^rf^xTV" Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 