 iBATCHaLDOsVS HALE DTEIEG removed tola] PrtvawiS^OfcBMA»'S EtTTAW HOC8E, BALTTEBTCOZEMAN. tote of too ».T.fal intawSew TorK, whatever sash road may ootoiaaioe to the morning and half-past seven in the evening Sub- the sstaortty and subject to toe ject tor UM^evening "The New Birth."itwouldbestonceseenthattheremustbenolackof ofthetreaty."andinthesamearticleittostated"onthe energy on Mr Spurgeon's friends' part till the money that first entry of foreign troops into the republic, the people of dieinteriorwillriseenmaneagainstthem,"andtoalethalf past oae o'clock, from 743 Washington street. CLASS.—On Saturday, Jan. 28, of consumption. Joaa BSonew pent*v m *rm*M forward, eared m rettote tee dweet ttonssony .' at proof o f tbe uupeaettonbte a a d tajan- / of taw process t legatetton.B to exreeatd la * coaaatae sriil •»•*• tatoreaeeu. aw teseiabn asdthe eoaor afciw*» *>(«"«*« MH lawwillpistotore—<»fayrto""•»«•Reilg-tows Intelligence. CtTT COTBCHSS.Romish Church. but be say goto England, where there is t o such canon, aad there may be admitted.arrived here. Joined Charters equestrian troupe, aad appeared for ttto first Urn. SB of thenuTtostThe Marques de EWebu has remitted two thousand dol-lars m am of the expenses of the war against Morocco. Ihavebeenfavoredwith a privateviewofa magnilThe BOOK anot tantoannodiet ef conviction against thm prisoner and fiveothers, all found guilty of various felonies, havingbeen argued by counsel tor the prisoners, aidthe restrict Attorney for the United States. Judgewas put in the hands of detectives Lyons and Pike, who yesterday succeeded in arresting Folsom in Third avenue, near Eighty third street. Since the arrest four or live persons upon whom the same dodge had been tried, havetoSr aad a toattortamaVaaosanly.Ajnaar,Jnn. 38,1M0.The motion for the arrest of judgment upon the ver Hon of the cheek by the teller was a forgery. The caseUSD. Oaufivedays acobefaadabtooos fever Hastokensix suaudieto'anow well. Mr. Martin has need these pQla for a and baa never found them IDfail in earfctodof isot a single offender bas been convicted abed.or pan-W i n t e rIsrsjtelntarce,t.iSTUMATJ, Jan. 38, I960.Belts this morning decided t h e questions raised inthe arguments, assigning orally the reasons for calied at the Essex Market Police Court and identified theBear what Mrs Burroughs mm —Mo. U0 AOASBsVrassT, atooesxvs, Dae. 83, IfltoI have used no oteer atedieme than Braadretha Pills for toe last twenty years. I hare adaatoaaered teas wahtovartohto nnssa ta typhus asd asartet fevsrs smallpoa. wfaoopug sough, measles, worms, to ladies preitous to aad immr 'nwaj after eommesieBt With a box or two of Braadrete . i'Ula to the house, happen what may. I would a a care whether too doctor lived next door or hi miles off.Som at 294 Canal street. No 4 Union square, and by all Irug- gtou, at 25 cents a box, with full directions.BAST/LETTS SELF THREADING SEWUTO aUCHIEBB, S»,aB,gl2. tJQ,8i». - 421 Broadway W. TBATCHsTLOB-S BALE DTK, WIG AMD TOCPKB PAsV tary iannul to Ml Bead ssrsa. I'maa ~"PILLIABD*.-MB. BEN. THOMPSON, PLATBst X> ta Brooklyn, practices with Mr. J _. Phelaa's caslteoeer, every da:y, a B AEBPOED S BOSSid Pal*ce, < o«nAt the banquet last night, in honor of th e distinguished of the city, Governor Dejtnaon rend a to'ograpiuc from Governor Morgan, c f New Y ork, in behalfthe decision. He remarked^that the main objection takenby the prisoner's counsel to"the indictment was, that thoGrand Jury originated them of their own accord, and thatthey were brought into court, and the prisoners were patto trial under them, without the signature of a Distric At-torney being affixed to tne indictments; and that, in fact,the office of District Attorney was vacant when the GrandJury acted upon the cases and found and brought the m-prisoner as the person who passed check? of a similarstreet Methodist Episcopal church, this morning, at iiaif- of the Legfilature of that State, hrriting the Legntetaree past ten o'clock and Ike Rev. A. S. Gibbons, of Califor-Naval Intelligence.Brevet Major Jacob Zeiiin, ate in command of themarine guard of the United States steam frigate Wabash, has leave to resort for duty s t the Norfolk, Va., station,*f Kenteeky, Tenneanee aad ohm to visit Albany. The naapatrfc w a s ectouaiaancally received. This morning, •Iter wttaeaamg the operation!* of the Fire Department,nia, in thf evening at seven o'clock.In tfce Protestant Epiacopal Mission church, Clinton Han,dietmento into court It was also objected that the indict-ments were void m not charging that the various offences, and Lieutenant James Wiley, second in command of the The relatives and friends of the family are respectfullyworth to rjncrnmentn City, California. The time for thetrip • fixed a t ten day*, and, under the admirable system half past ten o'clockpresent District Attorney called u p t h e indictments— bad the prisoners arraigned in court, who all pleaded not guilty to the indictment and a day was designated by the Court for their trials. N o exception w a s thenbers drawn tha day'—SrssVx Oanrrr—CLASS St, JABTABV 28, IBRD.14, « , 67,TT, 13, 69, 65, 44, If, 43, 60, 62,68. GBASDCoasonBAzan LORBXV—CLASSFoes,JAX.S3, VXO. 55,48,5,M,S3,19,45,71-31,1,37,3aWitness our at IFUmington, Dei., this day (Saturday), January 28, i&tic.JOBS DALI, 1JOHN W. WALKER, J Commissioners SXTRED B . WOOTTEN. ,FRANCE, BROADBENTS A CO.. WHauiurtou, Peaware.EAKTBT—OnFriday,Jan.27,Bsmcxr,thebeloved wife of Patrick Harvey, a native of the county Leitnm, parudi of Goon, Ireland, aged 20 years and 10 months.The friends and acquaintances of the family are respect- fully invited to attend t h e funeral this (Sunday) after- noon, at two o'clock, from her a t e residence. 111 Mott street, wnhout further invitationFarewell,dearwife,yourfifetopast My love for you while life did last, And after you great sorrow I take,But l will love our child for your sake.JAXJW.—In Brooklyn, on Friday morning. Jan.Short a n d painful illness. FASME LBOXOSA, daughterofM.F.and Margaret A.James,aged2years and 11 monthsThe relatives and friends of the family are invited toof this eonspany, there is lioie doubt but that that will beThe Grand Jury, t h e same d a y The prisoners were put upon their trial a t the time appointed, and n oElder S. S. 3now, pastor of the Second Advent church, •ceemplished. will preach on the great things of the approaching king- lawPostOfficeDepartmenthneorderedtheUtahser domofGod,thaiafternoon,atthreeo'clock,aadIntheexceptiontothesufficiencyoftheindictmentswastaken until verdicts of guilty were rendered in all the oases. The Court, upon tnese facts, ruled the following points —1. The Grand Jury did not originate any of the indict ments of their own motion and accord, but toe cases were submitted to their attention a n d action by the e x press instructions of the Court.2. One case wan actually laid before the jury on the 7tfa of December by the then District Attorney, and there is reasonable grounds to presume that all toe other esses but one, in the same condition at the time, were also brought before the jury on the commitments theretofore made by magistrates during the life of the then Dsttrict Attorney.3. McAvov atone was examined and committed by s Ccnimanoner after the decease of Mr, Sedgwick, and the indictment against him was found and filed to Court whilst the office o f District Attorney wee vacant, but t h e Grand Jury were charged by the Court to inquire into all cases of parties imprisoned for criminal oseacea against the tews of the United States, and were thus empoweredto its original time, and a weekly instant of aHy mail.In addition to the amount of gold received b y the Pike'sevening, at half-past seven o'clock, in Union Buildings, No. 168 Bowery.The Rev. Sidney A . Corey will preach in Treaor Hall, corner of Broadway and Thirty-fourth street, to day, at naii past ten o'clock in the morning, and in the evening, at hah* past seven o'clock.Rev. Dr. Cahill'S sermon on the "Word of God," will be reviewed in the Chnrch of the American Mission to Roman Catholics, East Eleventh street, near the Fourth avenue, tha evening, by a convert from Romanism.Rev. Antoinette Brown BUckwell will preach at Gold27. of a youngestPeak Express yesterday, about 8'_U.00u worth is reported by private hands.The statement of the Ions of 1,700 head of cattle in Ruby Valley, Utah, belonging to Rusaell, Majors and Waddell, is not credited, as the prrraie advices of this rirm up to the departcre of the awl' makt' no mention of it. .t The wlaaer m Bait Lake val'ey is represented as having been vary severe and baa doubtless been to some extent fatal 13the stock wintered there.The snail was packed aj far as Fort Laramie.The conunand a t that post was in good health. Oonaiderabie disorder existed at camp Floyd aad a sol-dier had been mardeffed by an unknown assassin.Gen. Johnston was using every exertion to preserve•met.TheSalt Lake YaUeyTan says,ofover twohundredcommittedinthatTerritorywithinthepantthreeInurs «re State L,otte-attend the funeral on Monday afternoon, at 246 Degraw street, Brooklyn.s t2 > ao ctock,Slarytaad Legislator*. rUuxvass, Jan. » , ISfO:The State Senate to day passed all the Baltimore Police bills. Their paasage in the House wdl doubtless be con-Mortgaged to Those aTot Having ihe full amount, ta» selebrated EUREKA dEWLMO MACUINRS.Principal office, 469 Broadway, corner Broome street.at No. 42 West Jersey street landt street at 12 M.Trains leave foot of Cort-Hartley,t a c Badaoa RiverU r a t e e a w a n , A r r e s t e d .KaUraadHarem, baa received a unanimous a n d orgeat call fromthe church of the Holy Trinity Brooklyn, N. Y ., and has secuted by a District Attorney legally appointed and com- tent powder proof Loess and Cross Bars. Alao lire and barearly next week.GaawBrsH, Jan. 38,196)0. Hartley the Hudson River Radroad brakeman, was tha morning by Deputy Sherifl Proasua, aiHe will be taken to Yonkero that eveningmt Ua« otaaater A . O . T yler . CuvBXaXD, Jan. 28, 1860.a aaasner A. O Tyter, with a oargo of five huaired of metchandae, from Cincinnati bound to Ne* Or- , when thirty nutea below Cincinnati yesterday uwrn-tag, Struck, an oki wrack and sunk m thirteen feet of. wa- asr. The teas on her cargo a heavy. The steamer was vateed at #39,000, aad m insured tor 915,000. Sh<| can probablybemeed.TlteNovafeottaa*! Mails. Bonrov, Jan. 28, I960.now under consideration Its acceptance.missioned conformably to the statute plar proof auieboaru and parlor Safes. Depot S3 Hurray street 7 The offence of wilfully setting fire to a ship at sea, corner of Colaaeatece ROBERT M fATstlCK.37, PATEIOE McGnsx. o fEvery batte to iThemailsperthesteamshipNovaScotanreachedheroto-night, and will be forwarded south by the overlandtram to mt>rraw (Sunday) night, which is due In New of tus fallow awn. Yorkatavery,earlyhouronMondaymorning TheRev Dr.OC-Comstoek diedattheresidenceofembezzling a draft contained in it, which be endorsed andobtained the money on, was sentenced to the minimum when I found my back entirely cured, anil was able tomowbeen bat a few days ILLBarry's Trlcopaereas laUseFmescn American Shipmasters— Cmsditum of abaaeea article ter dreaamg. beautifvmg. oteassass earaac.pleasure.D.APPLsTtOs*aCO.. SSI sad ASS Bread way.asawy»at aw aw far Howard awasa.• a9126torran,aad9190a 91safer waste..,T6e.; watte. Yes. a 7 9 c, 917 a 917 2t; prase, 912 90 a tig.' atSajie.—AtVast abashes,H.J,an ly.Jan. » , by Bev. Mr Kfbert, Quaias Gsos->, o f P e s t , H a a c a r y J t o M a s S S Aa URaAUHa i G n s a n s a r , jestdaufhterofMii of173,44621.Ifthacoarsetolong ! thetownofCAUTlus TVusBwasussto AJ»1> OTBXm To prevent the substoaaa of ajrerddea aruete*1,must be had to Spain ofhe given. This act o f trass, he received as tinwaaaawse •^w e-wtwmappwvaws aaaeee^ant! naif past seven o'clock In tae*"-=..'-::;.z Rev. Dr. Beach, rector of St. Fetor's chnrch, will preach in theSflsarrLATTJTOr f U s ta r e purely eagtoaLEMJISLATLRS;. evening.Rev. 9 Remington will deliver hu tnmt iactare on ''TheChurches o f .lata," o d i e Mount Oiiv-.t Baptist chapel, 3R,iM0. comer of Sixth avenue and Forty first stree', at half pentTaxRxv.c.HSpramrasNswT^nsxSACUt.—OnandotherpoemsofgreatmeritShehasbeantwicetendthefuneraloaMondaymorning,atteaoClock,fromAstor plice, in charge of the Rev. Robert G Dickson,Hall. 806 Broadway, this morning and evening ORDINATIONS.Rev.CW.Clarkewas,onthe19thinstant,ordainedpastor of the Wickhfle Chapel, m Newark, N. J. Rev. Dr. Hague, oi N. Y., preached the sermon.The Presbytery Of Rochester at the close of its last ses- sion, Jan. 4, ordained Mr. R.C. Burdick. a ucentate of that Preabytery, to the work of the Gospel ministryOn the 11th instant. Mr. Sidney ,JL B. Terkins, a gra- duate of Amherst, and of Bangor in 1867, was ordained pastor of the Congregations, church in Glover, V tINV1TATIOKS.Rev Dr LilUejobn, rector of S t Paul s church, in New4 The signature of a District Attorney constitutes no part of an indictment, and is only necessary as evidence totheCourtthat hetoofficially prosecuting thedelin- quentsconformablytothedutyimposeduponhimby statute.6. The appearanee hi court of the District Attorney on the loth of January, moving the arraignment of the pri- sonersandtheirtrialunderthese indictments,isanadop- tion of the indictments by him, and full evidence to the Court of his concurrence to the acts of the Grand Jury, and of his prosecuting the delinquents in the name of the United Stales, pursuant to the authority and directions of the act of Congress.6. There appears to be no power, by statute or usage. conferred on the courts of the United Stoles to recognise a suit, civil orcriminal.as legally before them in thename of the Uniteu States, except the same is instituted and pro-O. A . Bills, BGxchaasjw McWtscanntehstoan,M.B.CoThe friends and acquaintances of the family are respectfullyinvitedtoattendher(funeralthisSunday)afternoon, hi«hspeed,withlatestImprovements. PrtoeSBO Forsalea/^V/NEW YORK HERALD, SUNDAY, JANUARY 29, 1860.RevDrfiethupewtupreachtotheTwentyfirststreet OfthesixtyaisebtsaopsoftheEpweopalehurcbtotheReformed Duteli church tha aiternoon. menceatthree•->'clock.Service will com-! cited Stoles atece the revolution, fifteen have been na uvea of New York, aad ten of Maaaiateaatto I Peuosyl vanta.NorthCarolinaaad SouthCarounahavefurnidiedInSt.Stephen'schnrch,cornerofBrJom*andClirystie tireeach:Ytrgmiaeight,Connecticutfear.Newjersey centgoldcrown,manufacturedtotheorderoftheLam The sews receiveC (roan »*stoegtoe ato evenjag cres streets. Servioe at half past ten o'clock m the morntog and New Hampshire two each. Bbaop Hopkins a a by an Italian artist and goldsmith of tote cay, namedtastyBaVtoHV,tothe ttthyearofhataits.The friends of the family are respectfully invited to at-i tsteeae estoteaest at the Capitol tow aorntog. Weed asd Boa. Jean H Reynolds started fornative of Ireland, Bishop Kemo of Scotland, and Btsbops P.. Smith. Eastbern, Upfold and Wainwrigat, were born :L England.Fermo Gamptgao, with which will be publicly crowned in afewevenings,onthestageoftheTeaaroTacon.aCuban poetess, named Gertrsda Gomes y de Avelaneda. ThH lady is the authoress of several very beautiful drams*JrWAXWIsBBBaTBafaaa aaaaftassataaaask asaaasaessssenssat •ssri amaasnaasanr a s * sssaa- *•••** asTV as sVaaaaaaaaaan fjna* •BanaBssa eaaas a f J B w V T i a * T tJaa*"RADWAT* BBaDTan toMacto a toble awaafuloftos aadae Sweat,aeto aadea*aiof toepaaeat eatoea w as toPBaeay aVaasT. Of aasatoa r-ara, harm,steknssatntotorfaaautesaae*ainsirfEaS^aTsAILXL LADIES CAN HAVE A PRsTTT rOMTLEXIOST breatog-i ., saj |s —--ma saasB. asMitessil ttaat a^aaaasaxaaww gass E.g.—nose are asanas •aasni aaesamawss^Rev. A. C. Coxe, formerly of Hartford, ha.- declined the call to the rectorship of s c Peter's in Phiiadelpni&.The Rev. James Huckna, of the Baptist church, Galves- ton, Texas, has accepted the call of the Second Baptist church, Charleston, S. C.Rev. F. D. Huntington has received a cal. from the Shawmtit avenue tthurch, Boston, (late Mr. Smith's,; at a salary o i 94,uu0 per annum.ntaTAXLATION.Rev A P Van Giesoo, toroaerly of Newark, has beeninstalled pastor of the First Reformed Uutch church of Qaverack, N. Y ., vacated by Rev. Ira C Botce.The Painesville, Ohio Teit&rapk stales that Rev Elijah bing one John Doyle with a knife. Sentenced to the full Ward died at WiUaugbby on tue 16th uitt He was nine- term allowed by the statute—three years hard labor, aadty-fouryearsofageontoe20thofSeptemberlastandhad also910fine.been a Methodist minister since the commencemect of the James Jasper, (an old colored man,) of the bark Fanny, presentcentury,havingjoinedtheNewYorkConference convictedofshootingatthesecondmatenHhspistol. m 1901. H a iast moments were characteraad by aoiear Pull term—three years, and 910 fine.Thethe itoamp aad toe ' 1 it eaacruuoD' of the qHarper, a member of the state Legatoturocounty, dad this afternoon of ervsipaaa. entered a house of worship in Philadelphia one evening,STBREbCOPES AED VTaWR-SRMl) A STAMP FOR ADKATIIS IN THE MINISTRY.John C. McAvoy, of the ship Japan, convicted of setting fire to the ship with intent to burn it, was sentenced to the full term allowed by the statute—ten years hard labor in State prison.Jacob Smith. of the ship Lady Suffolk, convicted of stabMCNK-BIX—«>n Friday, Jan. 22, after a short illness. MJTILPA JASE MCNICXLE,aged 10 weeks.Tbe friends and acquaintances of the family are respect- fully inviiend to attend the funeral this (Sunday) after- noon, at two ociock, from No. 14 Harper s court, Brook-forthefirsttimeinseveralyean. Hisattention wasar- rested, and within twenty-four boars from that tune h e had made a full consecration of himself to Christ Heteat*. soontenderedharesignationinthenavytopreachtoeyoungestsonofGeorgeandSarahSiixworth.The relatives and friends of the family; alao Putnam preserving aad itotiiagtheaaw. Tilto trra. Saidbyafl Chapter No. 8, O. U. A., are respectfully invited to attend thefuneral,tha(Sunday) afternoon, attwo o'clock, at the reaidence el his parents, No. 143 YorkGjapet UnitedSatessnailsaaaaaapNashvillearrived NXWCHraCHES.Rimufvntf IkeBamk—AOrrtUSiareholttrratCourt—Accidenttoan Opera Artist—Xegro aftotfreb—A Literary Crown— Honey Aid to Spam for War steatoses—Tae McLamer Oeantpo Treaty m Alexia*—Railroad Progress, <&I have the pleasure of informing you that his Excellency'a*".*.1**'* JqConsulGeneral,afewdaysago,thatthefineswhichhad at439 noon,atoneo'clock,fromhistoteresidenceNo.13WattSKtoTKOMACH1SEESBTDLESOFBTERTDESCRrP- ucp BABTLETT A OJ , sai.!aaetarers 421 Broadway. MewTork, •THE RCMAJf qCESTIOa-BY.B- ABOPT. \ WOt UatwO* OkV OBSSESBS*Cauuamw, Jan. *j, 186R. t seven o'clock tha (Saturday) morning.a*'*;Langtetan*RaOraad,Jan.27,I960.a »H|a. n m%a. for middnag. wane SOtv bates. Receipts of the week against17.deObaton Bssasesaheadofbat 109Jaw. Stock to pert 267JftO bates. Exchange an* -4, a T|£ par cent premium.to-day 1J090 bates; aarkat an;SAVASQtan,Jan. 27, Isotk _ 900 bates, aorset amet and aa-Batchelor'a Hair D y e , seaftoaarytorsaawata1STstreet, Brooklyn.Srsnton—Suddenly to this city, on Fridsy, Jan. 27,waaat eapttThe spacious eaWce which has been in process of erec- tion the teat eighteen month*, lor the Baptist church in laierson, N. J., a to be dedicated next Tuesday.The sew Methodist Epteoopal church of Anderson, War- ren county, N. J., will be dedicated on Wednesday, Fob-ELUS STSISEB, in toe 49tc year of bis age.The friends and acquaintances of the family are respect-^teStoaktoof U» famousneat fxesby aall oaT°gOLTHMBSOLD A*DEForBalebyC.•rah unenaeaoaaaaveastonetoetoaaaaOQuwag.OfSTEAMBOATSCABALBOATS. ^ . u p e r t e & e f j Sbeen imposed upon the various American shipmasters, in ruary1.'ServiceconductedbyRev.flattopJanes,1>D., consequenceoftheirmanifestsnothavingbeenproperlyOrtsta«eera«aHair Dye,WigsaadToa- t—•-»»* bast te_ae weria. Wholesale and retail and the dye pmaaiy apphsu, a Bo 6 Astorstreet. VARUS.—OnThursday.Jan.26,ofscarletfever,SASAS,youngest daughter of Jacob and Harriet Varan. aged t years and 8 months.The funeral wfll take pace this (Sunday) afternoon, at enefo'elock, from No. 8 LeBoy street, The frauds aad relativesofthefamilyarerespectfully invitedtoattend, wnhoutfurtherinvitation. ..Van Tiawi On Friday, Jan. 27, MAST, infant daughter of Jacob and Lucy V an Tassel, of albiaminuna, agedof New York. ^The Union chnrch, in Hamburg, S. C , was dedicatedcertified to by Ihe Spanish Consuls at the ports whence they sailed, should be remitted, and tint his Excellency would take care that no such cases of annoyance shouldwith appropriate services on Sunday, the lfth tostHollowny'a Ointment eesrs.BoilsandTumorsarethepenaltiesofdisorderedbloodMonday evening wet. says the London raw* of Jan.4, the friends of Mr Spnrgeoa held a meeting at New Park t u>-*t c ha pel with the view o f presenting their pastor with a New Year's eoVnag towards the completion of the newhat tote roada w . No. 91 Canton place.The delstebu sent the Captain Genera! BtoSLST—On aatBTday Borntog, Jan *,after atwo thousand dollars, and tne clerks of the government aad severe illness. Mrs. BUEA BBBLET, wife of W atIn the Second Univarealan Society, Hiatorical Liornrya or along aay mt aba streete or avenues of T J Sawyer. U. D , pastor, servtoss at half past ton would be needed by the time the building was finished, at Vera Crux had down their arms on receiving the news The funeral will take place this fSuadav) afternoon. StI aay, as taw roOeang shape —h aboil notfbe lawand rostrsrUooi whteh taw legato.IIIWI gaayIn St. Ann's chnrch, Rev. Thomas Gallaadet. rector, Bghtoaath street, near Fifth avenue, service for deaf£3,0C0on the laying of the first stone had forwarded to ike secretary an intimation that he would give £2J900 more. Several gentlemen addressed the meeting, veryto asserted ''that the troopsto Huatusoo had dispersed on recervteg the news of the treaty celebrated at Tors Cruz with the North Americans." An idea prevails here thatThe raaarvoB and friends of the tomihr a r e respectfully invited to attend the funeral Iran 408proftee Ttos section aball not be to afloat the operation as tar as laid of aay ratt-rsiOABDa. MOTES.AMD PAPES:being felonies, were committed feloniously The Judge marine guard of the aaae shin, has have to report for invited to attend the funeral, th a (Sunday) afternoon, at theywerehcepuabryentertained.TheKentucky;Legis-divineserviceto-day,athalfpasttono'clockinthemorn-observed,thatthetactsattendingthecourseofthepro-dutyatthePhiadelpbastation.LieutenantCD.Yilebb.twoo'clock,fromtheresidenceofhisparents,cornerofthe guesu vested Nichoiaa Longworth's bouse, wherelature left (or Frankfort at one o'clock, and the Tennessee Legislature for Louaivllle at four o'clock Uuafternoon.•esse from Havana..?.» A.vx4ii, Jan. 27, i960.ThesteamshipIsabelhatarrivedoffTybeeonfairway IDCharleston, wmh Havana advices of the 2&th.: fhajsra Amvate of new light; muscovado 5 a 8 ,'tnala. Molasses quiet. Freights dnlL Exchange I n New lark 3 a 4 per cent protonm.The ateamstlf Empire City, from New Orleans for N ew York, had been ashore at the entrance of the harbor oft, bat got off without material damage.Hewn fruta state's Pemk a a d Vtaja,ijunrsrorrH, K. T. Jan. 38, i960. The Pike's Peak Express Coaapnny hare decidedtoran In connert.on with their hne a pony express from Leavenmorning, "Prejudice, Noble a n d "The O-i amzatiou of a Church.''Ignoble."Evening,ceedings , in the cases before the Grand Jury, had beenmore accurately ascertained since the trial than theywere known to the Oonrt at the time the motions inarrest o f judgment were first presented. T h e GrandJury were empanselled and sworn during the life-time of the late District Attorney; all the prisoners,but one, had been arrested upon these charges, tokenunderthedirections ofanofficial Assistant Attorneybefore proper magistrates, and examined and committed b ysuch magistrates for trial upon these charges, before theGrand Jury were qualified and charged by the CourtThe Court instructed the Grand Jury expucttly to takecognizance of these commitments. They entered upontheir duties on the 7th of December last, having some ofthew papers a i d before them b y t h e District Attorneythat day. and how far they proceeded in their action uponthe cases on the 7th and 8th of December is not made toappear by anv record or papers in court. On the nightor the 8th of'December Mr. Sedgwick, the District At-torney, died, and on the 4th of January tost., ha succes-sorassumedthedutiesofoffice. TheGrandJuryre- havujtrgiventoFrance,BroadbedsACo.alotterycontractfor turnedthebillsofindictmentintocourtDecember11 twentyyears.,we,toeundersigned.OnwrmawJonersappointedBrooklyn.The match foraS e e Sun a ttog, and half past seven o clock in the evening.In the Third Unitarian Society, Broadway and Thirtysecond street, Rev. O. B. Frothingham. Subject for theUnited States Marine Corps, late of the Philadelphia sta- tion, has reported tor duty at the New York station. Lieutenant Allan Ramsey, ate in command of the marine guard- of the United States ship VandaUa, a ordered to re- port for duty at the Washington station.• iynier street and Wythe avenue, Brooklyn, Eeastem District 9HAIUUSON.—On Thursday, Jan. 38, after s severe illness, JAM:P.,widowofthelateArthurN.Harrison,aged72 years.IheCooperInstitute. Union serviceswillcontinuer> day. K«v. Mathew Hate Smith will preach, at half pastton o'clock in the morning, and at half past three o'clockTne United States steamer Mohawk touted from Hsvsss on the 14th inst., on a crutee.in the afternoon. Afternoon to young men. peat seven in the evening.Also at halfDr. Armitage, pastor of thechnrch, will preach this afternoon at three o'clock in the Union Chapel, corner of Broadway aad Thirty ninth"David, the Map of Moral Inconsistencies."' will be the subject of the next discourse of the series at the Twentieth street Universalis! church, between Sixth and Seventh avenues, Rev E. G. Brooks, pastor, this afternoon at three o'clock. Sermon in the morning, by the pastor, atO* ALL THM ETA1 Lawya-. Xibeck's Music Hall, 766 Broadway, this evening. "Family Headship."'Subject,Circulars sent tree of expense by •dnriianngWOOD, EDDt A CCt, Wuatostoa, Delaware.day afternoon, at lour o'clock, without further notice. KKLTT.—On Saturday, Jan 28. JOBX KELLY, a native of county Longford, pariah o f Nohill, Ireland, aged 26 y e a r s The relatives and friends are respectfully invtted to at-Mrs. Corn L. Y . Hatch will apeak to-day, a t half past three o'clock in the afternoon and half-past seven o'clock in the evening, at Hope Chapel, No. 720 Broadway.Selling; oaT a t Oenin's.—An Advertise- tend tbe funeral, on Monday afternoon, at two o'clock,NorfolkstreetBaptistJudge J. W Edmonds is engaged to speak at Dodworth to take cognisance of his case.ment announcing- the immediate sale without reserve of the extensive Stock of OMNIN'H Bazaar, appears in our business columns. A rare chance thia, for fashionable bargainsfrom 28 West Warren street, BrooklynKnows.—On Saturday, Jan. 28. after a short but se-vere illness, the only child of Thomas and Ann Jane Known.taken in their behalf to the indictment having completed their business, were iischarged for the term by the Courtwith Intent to burn ber, being charged in the indictment in the words of the salute cresting the crime, the allega- tion is sufficient without adding the word feloniously."The motion tn arrest of judgment in this case, and all , the others in which the same questions are involved, is accordingly denied.HJSfriends and acquaintances asd the members andex members of Hose Conmpay No. 56, are respectfully invtted to attend the funeral, from bis a t e residence No 6 4 by Mulberry street, thai (Sunday) afternoon, at two o'clock precisely.Mr. Dwight then moved for heretofore convicted.sentenceo nt h e prisoners-''every person who uses them. They are adaoted to ail kinds of sewing, either eoarse or fine, are perfectly simple in their operation. and are easily kept IDcrder.The Family Machines, at 390 and $75, have become a neeea- auv wherever they are known. I. M. SINGER A CO.,458 Broadway, N. Y., and ISO Fulton street, Brooklyn.Wheeler e% Wilson's Sewing Machine*. Office 608 Broadway, New York.LofUieiragentmUuseuy,A.J. PARKKR 15heekmansweat. 1hisartteteasuperiortotheWereeaterBtareaaeee.andcanbe obtained at one ball' the price.MORPHT'.' GAMB8 OF CHESS—EDITED BT J. LOW enthai 1VOL12mc $1 to TheonlybookaaOaintof;toe authorized names at Murphy. Seat by mall free oa receipt egprice. O.APPLATO.NACO.^nlilnt , t*land848Breadway.PILS8! PILES' Pn,lS!DR WTTMIR'8 PILB STJPPOaTTOBT.It to truly aatoaahiiic what woadaiful enres Wnaar's Pile Supposaary tea made: persona who wave eonnaed teRxtLLT—On Saturday, Jan 28.JAaTS3RBUT,of Creeoey, parishDrumlain,countyCavan,Ireland,afteraangering iiinessHisfriend?andacquaintancesarerespectfullyinvitedto attend his funeral, this (Sunday) afternoon, atone o'clock, from bte late residence. No. 36 Essex street. New York.RArFOtrr —In this city, on Saturday, Jan. 28, JAMES and cradle a* well aa ever I could in my beat days These RAFTaaTT, m the 33rd year of his age.ofpunishment,twoyearstotprvonment—attherequast Plasiersanouldbetoeveryhouse. Ineverbelievedthaiany Tberelativesasdfrx-ndsofthefamilyandthoseofhis ha son, a Marshall, Mich., a week since, aged 76. Dr. C anu suggestion of Mr. Dwight, to be in the House of Be- external remedy eouk! be ao powerful aoti so good aa these brother in law Joseph Rogers, are respectfully invited tosenseofhiscieamgcareer,andheletgoofearth drmly relying upon the promises of that Gonpel he had spent most of h a life in eloquently inculcating upon the minusWilliam Hutchinson, (a boy of 19 or 20 years,) con-victedoftakinga letterfromthePostOffice,directedtoWir-eiow, Lanier &Co , (in whose employ be was.) aadof an extensive a r m in Watchaster county, relative to All- ooeA'sPlasters.Saavs OAK. YOBKTOTTH, IT. v , Jan. 19, 1880. T. ALLCOCKA CO.—GSICTLKSBK—I aave been troubled with alasMbaskoveramyearssoaatubeentirelyhelplessaus,unable to do any kind of arm work. In Jane last X procured one Gf Allcocka Poroua Plasters anu wore it three weeaa,theirbedsformonthsitcuredinafewdays Bowery.UBRV'fs COD LITER JEiLT.Q The etoyesrtoto eare terCaaaapt tonescfc-ouasaaatoeawahcassetU8O u t w a r d B e n a d . (i commenced tus public life as a phyatciau m what is now t'crmation on BJackweU's Island instead of State prison.Piasters. Taeir effect on me teems miraculous, aad 1 thank attend the funeral from bis late residence, No. 105Thomp- Gad that I used team. They have entirely restored mv healthQPwRITE PATRMT JaTXTFTBD CASTOB OSL. Tsegreaayseaaaaasoftosallls nbvtotea, aad 8 docs aae any eaustpaSka artor ass It a the bea pursasve•area. To betad atthe aviator's oass 186 roortostai auu a all reaveotable SraaatoaPOSBIAXD, Jan. 28, loop snip Anglo-Saxon, Capk Baliantine, sated _ this port for Liverpool, at half peat three o'otock afternoon, taking out eighty passengers and a full(Meg*Tatornw.'N.' J., Jan 28,190).Tompkaenoualy. soon after his majority, and represented Wiiliam Muhl, a German, was sentenced to ten years C what was then !*eneca county) in the Legislature of New hard labor for stealing letters from the Post Office.York during 1810 and 1812. He was etecad to Congress in 1813, and continued to represent h a district (the Twen- tieth) unci 1819.Rev. Charles S. Putnam, rector of the Church of the Retoemer, to Brooklyn, died at Hanover. X.-H., on the lath mat.ViedatRichmond.Mass,onthe8thmat,the Rev. Clark's Steward Reaabaw. At fourteen years of age be entered the navy, and had become a Lieutenant, when h eand visor. STEPHEN PCGSEBY boldat No 394 Canal street. No. 4 Union square. New York.son street, on Monday morning at eleven o'cteck- RIKLLY.—On Friday, Jan. 27, BRIDGKT KTKLLT, aged 80John MeCarty, John Geary and Richard Carney, of the ship Charlotte, indicted for robbery on shipboard—whichthe Captain General promised Colonel Helm, United Satesfully invited to attend t h e funeral, this (Sunday) aftera a d bededicatedonWednesdny.thelabofFobruary "againoccur.ThaactofhisExcellency—althoughittobu*theirintolerablenamwinbealleviatedbyjaingthisdetergentTheFirstPresbyterancharehatMendnam,N.J, willPills.—Ab- Oinment—the] be atthesameaae topurifySomaabyRev.&Hastings,ofNewYorkaty.A few weeks atone a number of adfes connected church,inBaltimore,heldafarforthepurof raising funds to erect a Memorial church to testi- er their former pastor, the sate Rev. Dr. JohnsA new atone church • teas erected to Milwaukee for mfllct injury, sad then to aty the power toLadles*FareaadHaratiagClnbCaps, 10monthsand8days ..mttmmA thmthe Rev. J. COn the 9th of January the Presbyterians of were privileged to aet apart their houseofship by unlearn aerttosrioa toRev. T. O. Orcniar CoagregTurk says that the Rev. Oraery. contemplates• t o t e ^ l d r e ^ ^DteMsnaadJWsU aWWw* afnTMy. D M . 3» aflaW."-TM awvtogthgrcugWy totted toe Bridfewsaer Patoteto>yaara>iaiOMtaiRtoelaawaTVitilassaawwaj rsebaltoiJACOB 8BITRTX Barasn esaaL Depot71received for i^Jta"commen justice,atoatoaah asnonan oughttobemadJto suiter for the act of another over when be had so con trol—exhibitsakindlydispositiontowardscitizensof the United States which they have not been accus-tomed to receive at the hands of Spanish official-; tn thataland. It had previously been the"custom here to Mrs. Winslow's Semtalag Syrup.redress did act exist here, hut thatlyteeanuabouie.ye 5TL°rrte ndVof the deceased and the brothers of Sytvaathan. MS *mi*±*'JZ£2~£S>gf£ funeral on at teno clock,- '•• *~ j***_ atavasske --- «•••!>«• 91 asrofa"bghtmoneymarket"M^J^jrounstotiUntitled Documenttneluneraiwiu••"*«•••~ ;—.-i_ B_J_._ o'clock, from the raadenoa of h a p u a k , to Rodneyhaaay decided aa,ofau^*lT aw^an^aasto?r al^**** henuaorrupture. MARSHACO^l^• U , R * * d » -i^J^mroe^'Tf.just state of inattors. and that when, hereafter, it shall h e shown any set of injustice has bean perpetrated towawill haatlaltlit I IHnaT YataaasVafwifttaDw^attjafxt a^kaaCTpV M pTfWOO saCaVT Oi • I KDI aO0n6T QUaSTaaPlThe Most gsaaaast 8asor Don Mariano Borrel. uncle tober IxcelantaBtoo the 1'nailaa d e San satoato, to at pre-lam sorry to tatorm yooihat I hear a sad accident has.,Mo ln'sfafterry street. AcArjnoir TO OAEKSSSo* GAB nteQ. I am tod, sown the stops of street aearLse svenae, Brooklyn, E. D. The friends of(above whtoh to harsosk's office),and Hrsfata*** I t 111 f LanS SMS ft * task esaaaalaass tors -*•*• -* st309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069description o n them. accused lor examination.JusticeBrennancommittedt h eCaps at cost Paul'schurch.•5JTBrtoley, in the 49th year of her SfC FuneralserviceswiUtake placeati784 Washington street, that (Sundav) afternoon, at commencement of the undertaking, from which it ap- Spanish residents of this ear to relation to the treaty re- o'clock. The fraud* aad relatives of the faadty asecretary s oflae have subscribed six (S102) towards tawPriadealannouncedto teno'clockthismorning,andpreachandbastavatseven Tabernacle. Areportwas reedbyMr.Cook,th*saner- thee iofthewarwithMoroccoto Now York aty railroad*.to to-srhicb resnoveathe objectionable oftawbiO.andBtlierefore passed byayasStRev William Alivm Bartleti will preach to-day at the Brooklyn laberaeck, an Feiton aveaae, near Hoy: street Services will commence at half past ten o'clock in the rnorauu-aadathah*psatseveno'clocktotheeveningpeared that the amount already collected was only suf-Scienttoanswer.aboutonehalf therequirements for thecompletion of the building. The sum of £9,000 was ai-renny absorbed In the purchase of the ground, sad forotherpurposes. Morethan100menwereconstantlycently negotiated between Mr. McLane and the Junros go- vernment in Mexico. This feeling is mainly kept aliveby the continued statement of the Dtorto de la Marina, whichpapercontinuestoenforcetheideathatthetreatyspectfulry invMad to attend wnhout further remams will be token to Bockand county for on Monday mornms-to order was the third o'clock m the evening-ary secretary, of the receipts and expenditure since the Considerable excitement continue* to exist amongst theemptes ed, sod the walls were rapidly rating. There was to unpopular with the people of Mexico. In an articleCcnasmBAU OBFridaymorntog,Jan.37,athalfpast six o'clock, of aaaaaattea of the lungs, Joans MUSBAT, son o f Samuel A . a n d Cordelia Cunningham, aged 5atil at the banker's £8,000, which is a huge som , but published in the impression of the Jfearfo d> i s Mmrina ofto lay, oamnsctor operate aay railroad Building, Second avenue, corn*r of Eleventh street, Rev when it was taken into consideration that at least £30,000 the 18th tost. Itto stated "that part of the National Guard months aad 99 days. •CLASS,eldestsonofThomasandHanClerk,aged19 was wanted wag obtained. The gentleman who gave ter published in the same paper, dated Mexico. Dec. 31, it years, 6 months and 6 days.Monday afternoon at two o'clock. T h e ans' duly aathoraad. The(ore antesatthreeo'clockintheafternoon;forotherswilling warmlyadvocatingthework,andremarked that itwas weshallfindSpunaidingindirectly, ifnetdirectly,the takentoCalvaryCemetery.beM hobi to impair m. aay Manner to promote their welfare at half past ten in the morning ruiy surprising that so large a sum should have been Miramon church party in Mexico. • ollected in so short a time by the followers of thisBoston and Philadelphia papers please copy.to amy radroad einafcng on and half past seven in the evening The Rev. Dr. Tyng, popular preacher. It is confidently hoped that by the I can scarcely believe she (Spain) will act so foolishly.COST—At Tarrytown, on Friday. Jan. 27, from injuries received by the late accident on t h e Hudson Elver Bail- road, WnuAa J. COST, in the afth year of bte age.The friends of the family are respectfully invited to at- tendthefuneral,fromhislateresidenec,48Marion street, this (Sunday) afternoon, at two o'clock.Consxixr —hi tha city, on Saturday, Jan. 26. of con- sumption. WansT ConxxLLST, aged 21 yearsThe relatives aad friends of the fsmtiy are respectfully invited to attend t h e funeral from the residence o f b e r brother in-law, No. 36 Goarck Street, this (Sunday) af- ternoon, at two-o clock.CLKAHT.—OnSaturday,Jan 3a,of Inflammationof the lungs, JOH-VW..only son o f Thomas a n d Mary Cteary, aged1year,8monthsandtwenty-fivedays.LL KIITDB OFa KIEMAH Aeey of Jenearv, last* rector of S t George s church, will preach in the evening. of pstntoas were presented for the rear&aei-end of this year the Tabernacle will be finished and penedfor public service entirely free from debtTatted StatesClreait Court.Before Hon. Judge Beta.IMPORTANT DECISION ON THE NOVEL POINT RAISEDAGAINST THE VALIDITY OF INDICTMENTS —PRISONEES SENTENCED TO STATE PRISON, ETC., ETC.JAN. 28—Tiw UnitedStates to. Jess C. Jfcdwy, far srt-but should she, then farewell to the rule of the throne of San Fernando aver this island.The new line of railway between Guises and Matanxas, will,ittoexpected,beopenedforpublictrafficwithina monthortwo,aadtoehuefromRegistoaatanaasbythe end of this year Tha latter road will be a great public convenience, tee may, when it is completed, go to M s tanzas, remain there through the business hours of toe day, and return to this city in the evening.Police Intelligence. PASSINGFOSSBE*CHUCKS.—OnSaturday,theflatof theThe Rev. Dr. MeMeaaay and Protestant friends intend (rap1farenotier.ofabintoregulateUse (D.T.)toproceedwiththeconsiderattoooftheunchris-'VanandErieRailroad, tiancharacterofRomishpenances,flagaliattoasandtor- a bill to amend theheirs and do- tuVtngs of the body for the good of the soai. in the Metro-or Mat Oaart of Appeal*BRAEDEETrTS PILLB.-ECARL1T FSTBTR. WHOOP- mcOsage,MeaslesAceOserioraallito beBraadreth s Piiav wkiefa auapljby Mr »aou bast overy to aras against bests a n dpolitan Assembly Rooms. 178 Prace street, this evening at half past seven o'clock.The Rev. Dr. Hnrdenberg will preach in the church at the corner of GoUvernenr aad Madison streets, to day, atFever, 1 aa* swaeSColds. Coughs MsartotWhooping Cough aadin pain our blood wonteto kSM> of rt»J aaate tea debts of tbo tentsair or intes- tate within throe rears' Groat the gmat of letters of nttwuit'iiri* is amtaaaajl proof on trial that the MsnoporaeoalassentWMOSImatMate,inwhttttisuttmaybecooMueuc-v.*&anytime.Mrlnon Mrarer idem.) introduced a bill to m-W*tts, Henry Armstrong, Thosbaa D. and other* a College of Dental SnrgeontjJ •heir stock out to esceed SOOAJUI m 'hares of S'JOeaoa—With the ua-a. power* j T S —, _ jWhen we igetable Cnirereal 881s are the great itiagjtretotktafctpJapan—Inthiscase,andofotherper- halfpasttontothemorningandhalf-pastsevenintheson*whowereconvicted,uponwhichapointwasraised presentmonth,aman,givinghisnameasPeterHTol-I o v s r s r s u A S S UMB o r A r r a i r r s i (Mr.Joaanswteyoftoo.18*OiisanaioiithewTork.Jan. IS.intoteathewasloag afltt he didwSgjrnTs^Sae^^saw,he a test trad aweadmb's Ptos Oae tea, asea atevening.In the First Independent Society, Hop? Chapel, 720Broadway. Rev. George F Xoyes wjll discourse at half past ten o dock 4 - M., on "The Unchurched, their Pom lion and Duties.*'In the Memorial church, Hammond street, corner of Waverfcry pace, the Rev. Dr. Van Kleeck will preach upon the Kuhtb Commandment, this evening Services at half past ten o'clock in the morning, and at three in the afternoon, aad half past seven o'clock in the evening.The New Jeraaalem chnrch (Swedenborgiaa) will hold put '.;c worship thi) morning at Goidbeck's Music Hall, Too Bread way. at half!-past ten o'clock.The Rev. Charlea E. Harris will preach In the Johnthat the indictments were not valid, inasmuch as they did not contain the signature of the Distrxt Attorney, the office befog vacant at the time the indictments were found, the Judge rendered a decision overruling the objection andsustainingtheindictmentsasvalid. Thefollowingis his opinion —The reatrtea and Manas o f t h e family are respectfully invited to attend bis funeral, from the residence of hissom, called at tat store of & Valentine A Son, 109 Cherrystreet, and purchased a barrel of Hour, offering in payment.astoalleged,acheekontheBankofNewYorkfor parents,No.SBTrinityplace,thai (Sunday;afternoon,st939 87, purporting to be drawn to/ C. H. St. John h Co., and certified by the teller of 4MBbank. He received the change of the check. 932 87, wan which he departed. It afterwards turned out that no such firm as C. H. St. John * Co. had an account in the bank, and that the certifiestwo o'clock, without farther invitation.Drm.—Of consumption, WnxiAsDrrvr. aged 29years. The relatives aad friends and members of the ClearyGuardarerequestedtoattendthefuneral,from theCoot of Sixty-first street, East river, this (Sunday) afternoon, at one o'clock,Dublin papers please copyIX->-BAS—On Saturday, Jan 28, MAT Lasaarr, wifeof Robert Dunbar, In the 25th year of ber age.The friends and relatives of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from her tote residence, No. 70 ij Third avenue, this(Sunday) afternoon, at half pastone o'clock.FAKOH.—On Saturday, Jan. 28. JAMES FAROS. HIEfuneral will take place, from die residence of bisbrother in-law, No. 33 Hamilton street, this (Sunday) af teraoon, at two o'clock precisely. His remains will be interred in'Calvary Cemetery.HASoxirsBSBrtog.—On Saturday. J a n . 2 8 , MddenJy, MICBABLFnASca,onlysonofMichaeland Anne Bargen- roetben, aged 1 year. 4 months and 16 days.dOBMOffourpaaeejedateitaoustoy.Ess s - s a rm sawAnother batch of workingmen were, on Saturday bat, discharges from the Brooklyn Navy Yard, principally from thesailmakere' department. Expensesarebeing reduced to the smallest amounto ft h efamily arerespectfullyTate Drmwt nars o f t n e Consolidated Lotteries of Delaware—ty a n dc(OMEOSaOEEE OP sate aaaatetod to tossway. corner ofCELEBRA TED DBAUOBTsaatt productions of "ng***^ Ireland aastand Bag America, en draugto through wooden spigas, a my vauha. corner of Broadway and Qatar street. a-Q.E. MaWDOM.DTBRA8E OP THE UMfOS AND THROATSoulawfully treated byE.W.VOEDEEBMTTH, M B. Office, for the iisaiiiH.nU of Fuhsouary dasaaa only, Me. 181 Bowery.EVENIEOfi AT THE MICROSCOPE: OB RaaBABCHaE AMOV& THE M1NCTEK ORG AM!* OP ANIMAL LIFE ByP'huipHenryGoae.F.R.8,1vuL,Ltac :81 flu.Best (res by aad on receipt of pnee. D.APPLETOaACO..PnWtehmS46 aad 348 Broadway.GOCRACPTS OBIENTAL CREAM F O B T H E SKIM aad a a etestes,87 Walter sweet, flm store teem BraaV way. Beware of Imastoas aad sapssaUy beware of aae uadertoenas of "SnowWhscOnentalOrsasa,"bytoeuai- auaraf Bonau'a coeaatoa.'S STOMACH BTrrERg —THT8 PREPARA- uon has acquired Ss awaease eetebnty not by tiowerv adverUaemesa. bat from pais stitfaaeuis of as iwimiiiias aad effeea, vertaed by every mdivWusi who h—gtise tt a trtaL ~ ' — t r t n i r HiMiniis nf Tim rrri| IISIIMS sisnitoi Ota medi- cine hivariably perforas aod hence toe popular faith ta as virtues ft sea as a centte attarulaat on the stomach asd sub- sidiary organs communicating in das way as aaeouat of vurav equivalent to that of which the patient may have been deprived bysKtnesB Theirnaturetosustained, whUethe Btoersss aaalterative and antt bilious medicine relieves toe systuu of all morbidmatter,andimpartsregularitytotoeseerettona Thai a tae asspte ptakahphy of the cures of Darrhosa. General Tie- bidty, lntermiitenta, Liver Complama, Csrataesteaoesoiy. Hyeara, Beaesese! Cmte, FlatuWe, Ac, waah^rTe IDBamingledfeelingof*a1'PBlah"iemandgratitudetaalliof the country.TMFORTAKT TO TA1LOR8 AED OTHERS.1 Tbe Graver A Baker Bewinc Masfcine Company have t u a taaedoesd a sew aad superior Shuttle Machine, larreataeFBANCE, BROADBENTS A CO.,SUSACBBS.The Le&lslattiHt of the Stele of Delaware, at its last season.ALMS.—THE OBOICE8Tby ihe Governor of said State to aunerintend the drawings oiandonthe 10thofJanuary theofficial assistant ofth< saidiotwry.doherebycertifythatthefollowingarethenum- street, Brooslyn.—WOOD,~Rt>DT A CO., ManageTM of the >D.B»InsLAWASs, aaoasiA, asu-rcciT ASD anssotrai STATS IDIIIIIIIDlLAWiBB—ExTKi CLUS NO. 47, JASUABTSS, I860.Jonxsoy—On Saturday, Jan. 38, e a s e s , second daughter of Dr. F . V . Johnson, aged 4 years and 4 months.Tne relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, at the Church of the Trans- 45, 60, 34, TT, 61, 4, 48. 39, 47, 16, 36, 50, 30. figuration. Twenty ninthstreet, near Fifth avenue.on Mon-42, 60. 12, 51, 45, 35, 14, 10, 7, 24, 69, 35, ft). Dm?ASS—CLASS HO. 48, JASCABT 28. 1S6Ua a d Ctontleaaea'sthe hatter, 216 Broadway, opposite SLfromtheresidenceofherparents,176North'Firststreet, Williamsburg.LmcoLs.—At Elizabeth, N. J., on Friday, Jan. 27, Ixxa LiscoLs. in the 86th year of ha age.His friends and acquaintances are respectfulIv invited to attend tbe funeral on Monday afternoon. at two o'clock,Mo. 496Broadway,MewTork,andMo.UBPuhon Brooklyn.T OHK OfiBORMAS AQEWT P08tTHE TIEi? EROS Mil COMPA"T OP OOOEhas the felicity te stele that toe Csaaa(tor obvious reasooa) Bjasa sastog ep toe sasa sessaa atrXREtXJmiAC BRASDTtn eases of one aorec, fal! toad boutes aaeh the aaae wEsold to the trade and the eatea by spaaabte SraeTHIS COMPART, eater toe "i islliaij afSatol Legter, wakaeaptoua teres mllltuoa of _ htolhedfreesnanlisstagaay Brandj. aseapttatwi havs been wboily predated from the grape aad shall be tfce growth of thaiSecond Hand wasted—Suitableforaretaildryroodsstore,afairpricewillLATHAM—AtCharleston, 8.C,on Wednesday,Jan.18 Mr A.M LATHAE,aged &4years.His relatives and friends are respectfully invited to at tend hia funeral. Una (Sunday) morning, at tec o'clocK. Prom tbe residence oi bis eon-ln-law, James Douglass, No. left Monrae street.Shelvingbe paid for same. Address D. L., 73 Bteecker street, uDefiance Salamander Safes , WithHerring's Pateat t Hampton Klreand burster proof Sales 231 Broadway, corner cf Murray— — — — — _I Stager's Savelag Machine*.I The superiortty o f these Machines Is well understood a yVerite,CABHABT 1 BROTrTER to Broadway P B E a f . C03ZKMK73 Warren sweetsxvarr, BEI.CHIB A tx>. at PaviHALL. DLToei A COT, 149 ~ sad W. W1L8CK, 82 BeaverAa Important Letter From the Owner lyn.and by all uruggiaw. Twenty live cents each.to declared piracy, and punishable with death. The de- Smoky Chimneys Cared b y F . M . Bat* neral, from129 Twenty ninth s reet, to CalvaryCemetery,fendana pleaded' guilty of an assault with intent to com- mit the robbery. and were sentenced to three years im- prisonment at hard labor, and 910 fine.Therewasnomorebusinessforthejury,andthey were dischargedfor the term.Our H s v s s s Correspondence. HAVASA, Jan. 19, I860.LEB'S Fatent Wise Guard. Perfect success or no charge 56 WhSS sweet.ibis (Sunday) afternoon, at balf pas one o'clock.ST. JOBS—At New Canaan. Conn.. on Thursday. Jan. 26. WiLLLix HKTBY ST. Joa.v. eldest son of Samuel S tJohn,Jr,aged31years. >*Bsltimore, Mobile, New Orleans and Galveston papers please copyRc8HT05 8Glase BnaaUs,otallsizes, fwonrvednjiclocks. Mowers, Ac. Ac, a aon kaud and aaae w order. •af AansueM.COD LTTEX OIL rot OOESTJMPTIOK.GlassShades.—Glass IteootlMWtfaallaatin's Winter Caen WHITE, baiter, 216 Broadwayonpaase mX Paol'aebnrch. - . T . « Moroauway,.—la..jwuisastawsfWas, aad*_*•*•<*•a a dFixtures ataira.Oeniflaaf i O f N**5*ef .Jatot^l-rjhelse.un» BIOTJLATOB COMBINBD,K. IVjjan aasrloy, Jan. S ,The relatives and friendsinvited to attend the funeral this (Sunday) afternoon, at oneo'clock, fromher ateresidence.No.6 Mott street, without further invitation. H e r remains will b e taken to Greenwood Cemetery for intermentHILLUAHS.—On Friday. Jan. 27, after a short illness, HnssT HiLLUASX, aged 83 years, 9 months aad S days.The relatives and friends of the family and those of hto sons in law, Mr. Dietrich Deike and Mr. John KUinker, are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, this (Sunday) afternoon, at one o'clock,from his late resilience, corner of Eleventh avenue and Twentysixth street, to Lutheran Cemetery.HILL.—On Saturday. Jan. 28, Psrat GA.VSEVOOKT, only son of John J. and Mary £ . Hill, aged 3 years and a days. The funeral will take place this (Sunday) afternoon, at four o'clock:, trom the residence of ha parents, 101 HenryClothes, Feb. L5.HcGusx.—On Friday January consumption, in the 27th year of his age.niliasaaiof Oogaac.I wah Btoeapana oflaeMcArLava—On Friday, Jan. 27, MARGARET McAfLim, aged 42 years.The funeral will take place this (Sunday) afternoon, atOEDOh CLTB 8ACCB.-THTS CrTBTTALLED SACfTB,two o'clock, from N o . 2 a l First avenue and avenue A. Calvary Cemetery.Twenty first street, between The remains will be taken tomanufACtured by Parker Bros.. London can be —'lianayeais, a native of Bally connel, county Cavan. Ireland. Her friends are respectfully invited to attend the fuPAREER A MOWEE.mlSUXWOSTB—On Thursday evening. Jan. 28, IEAXK S., prices A aterecaeope a a boaaSekt Majawra of iaanitoThe friends of the tosuty are r^»«s»edto attend the funeral, tha (Sunday) afternoon,* two o>ctoos, from 118^ I ^ M £ & 7 , » * . 38, Mrs-JA-WAsnae,, in da Dtotod rteTMTMW*^**^>aD0,,MaA> m the tahu n0 - ^-L.BOOABT1 •erear?eBMlogue of our tousense eoilertka. Fer aato a tow TryniskihomasM. Tthe taany are resasctfaily tovtotd to «b*sd._ita Thursday. "Jan. 26. sbxJBASD. son ofwww.fultonhistory.com 