 J* (up-ourselves at the top of a bill 1,200 feet in height, facing eneofthemostpompou«sightoeverwitnessed.>tour feet ley the town of Irkutsk with its hundred spires-, the liquidsilverofitsbeautifulriver windingaljng.fromtoe foot ef the great Altai mountains io the Souto, through seventy miles of forests, to the vary hill where we stood, sndonthewholepicturetherewassuchadaszKag-milFromtheik»to Fort Fillmore, theroadliesvatw o u l d •tutor ecntoue inthat course Oar presidentsnisdesirable,ifitprising that comnsuitsolcommercethemselvesofthe> wportunityaffordedbytheapproach- icgCongress,and• tndearortogetasirrriarpropositionelecttoastal:•place"' "m-n»oerow,yonrMajesty.""I know TOOtt tend to present me tan address, but your con- suimtion*aieillegal. Thisisaomspiraey. Donotforget totsIssVus-ian,asta-Polishecu.atry;andremembertoat itkrabaudredtaidmorepleasanttomotogivepraisesareabundantresourcesforsocietyandamusemect—there is a club bouse called the Assemble* Nattoeale. a tolera- bletheatre,twohotels,amultitudesof splendidchurches, andthestreets,intersectingeachotheratrightangles, arefrequentlythrongedwithequi-Mtges,wheretoolatestTheresultofthissplitin.thedemocraticparty isea>yt>guess. ThoState will belosttothe de- mocracyiuthePresidentialcontestunlessavery Found andpopularcandidate shall bechosenat Charleston. Neither I^ane, Douglas n o r Hunter cancarry-Oregon.lactatemattershomelessde- feat will surely ensue. T b e election o f Smith a a chairman o f t h e Conoeiitsen will assure -the other wing ancktbe better ;>oition of the body democra-cy that the Lane wii)gJ*?esolved to endorse Deta- zonSmlto,andadvocatohisre-electiontothe United States Senate. N o greater calamity- couldbsfailtheBtote. Theywill,therefore,and that part was a restorative and conservative one. otuabent upon biai in such a munu JT- a s to give sooner s e e th e black republicans carry t h eRicruttop.rKsnucnic Podolski (Oct. 21), Correspondence of PoUshtafactry may not at no long date supersede the muzzle place, hot was forever gallopping besidethe horses, whip- leaders at present tmpkyed in that service,attention of tbe chairman (Harvey LeTstSjBiq.) to has duties, and toe zeal and assiduity of the'waaager (Mr. Wier) and the secretary (Mr. Boate), have been ettraaed with tbat business success whioh might have been entici-submitted to the o mstderation of those who are met to and thanks than to blame.'' Abo at four o'clock the same i"uru«i*B faehtoCB arc exhibited, the -LPort de I'Amour,"kept, whicharefreighted over theraadinten mule wagons. Ilore* too, are the blacksmith, the wheelwright,theearpautwr,andthehasaass-maaiarr sheas.Here w e met Captain Giles Hawley, thesuperia- tsndentofthed»i*iou. Capt.H.isfr^mChe8tofe of New York, whese for many years he was the proprietorofoceofthamostextensi.estagelinesdeliberateuponagTsatquestionofEuropeanpolicy.The daytheCsartoftKamieuiec.merchants of Breme n and Hamburg are. however, not T!n> sensa lion created b y this event vms, at first one ofconsideration of Ibe Co ogress. The British governmentbas, tbe incerta in pasMon in which toe country was placed on ated In Russia nor in some more advanced nations, "per- as we know, been v«Jirectfy applied to upon the the one bar id by-the retention of the oM system among fect liberty of tbe press."to have tat en p'ace in ibsssia. and the graniousness of the very able professors who devote their time to the noble Curtoindividuate.Thueventwhichbaijusthappened puisawsofscience,andoneoftheangentlemen,whomIopoaed the eyer>of all. We showed ourselves *s we are, am mere than authorized to name, Mr. Nicholas. Popoff, and the ( zar psoved tost he hsn not swerved one whit entomologist st Kiakhta, owns a magniticent collectionoftbe fli st to represent the importance ef givingto this most con "usicn, \ tut it very soon became one of jay. for all werehi:mai.e amendment rnInternational lawa-placeinthe gladthatat lengththoy hadextricatedthemselvesfrom wieffnrkatsknowenjoyswhatismttobefoundortoler-subject, with ten success, however, thanmight on,andontbeotoBrbytbechangeswhist*werereported ThereareatIrkutsk,atTomsk,andatKiakhta,someeet for a century; but as tato fact waa not so evidentlyconnected with t b e action of earthquakes, he should sayno-mereabeutit.Alltoat-bewantedtoshowwas.toatthere was a great cycle of changes going on, in whichtoe in the State. Hto-enterprise and longiexperiejce earthquakeandvolcanoa^tedaveryconspicuouspart, particularlyfithim,t»performthedutiesio-have been anticipate t» seeing that Lord' Pnlmerston,.ttheclose oftl»Russianwarr eengraaulatod*;, oeoole of live, T«»l upon the better spiritwhich bad begunto prev. «*f*««» helhgerent States, asAfter entering very fully intoother parts of the su'sect.Bir John o (served, to conclusion, thavia the study of thesevast and awful pheaoniens they wore brought int) con-tact with the immense powers of nature acting ia obe-dience to toe immutable laws of the Oreator; and he neverterrible ii might be tbat twenty or thirty thousand beingsshould be swept into eternity by tha-outburst of a ralcanooraaearthquake,itformedbuttno-manifestationtaTcrea-.Mve power, and they could only say wito the Psalmist, line. The office o f the company is the most cera- "Oh ,ye fire and heat, bless ye tba&ord: praise Inm and fortably fitted room w*ehave seen in the valley. magnify Him fcr ever!" «-under the orders and directions of toe respective '^to ng Ksng (Oct. S)Correspondence of Hong Kong Press.] tea years, but in common with all breech loading small'amountofamusementandfungoingoninevsrypartef the rooms.States Wesaythat,afterthisgrtUuisauaexprcs-woii o' b.s opinions and asplrationa^h «, diaect negaUveI will BOWproceed to offer this community a shortnara^ lr .eofmywinterjourneyfromSt.PetersburgtoIrkutsk, a j-i I will feel very gratified indeed if m y experiencearms,toedifficultiesinarrivipgatpracticalefficiencyiaall respects were so considerable toat doubts were atonetimeentertained bymilitaryauUioritiaa, evenPrus-sian, whether toe needle gun, en which &+ much money, called aWSc.rprtse," wbere for the small ctermg r<fawhJch LordPatmers'onhasrecenUyflv-en tothosewho al t b elhat tow fear has nlroady produced tonwy tar m to t h 0 Br.fsh Bhippmr mtoront, and " ~ Wthto t»r , p u t fewmontos sertonsiy iprinciple coutswded for b y tocarrying t r * i e . I f t Q e• » • • • * ww» wAs to the fair saleswomen, too much prajse cannot begiven them for devoting themselves, as they do, unflinch-ingly trout midday to ten at night, to their self imposedtask. The sale goes on again this day, and terminates, aa. corner of the " Jornada del Muerto,'1 or Journey e f W» have already stated, tomorrow evening.•aVtbe Hanseatos renubBos, dorsed by toocountry, wereindependent of"awl between coma to be regardedasttMkmcmatonkei fsreneea.TtM[PromThe question causing at wto Petersourf toe allowedtodootdoa n drnment and j readily en- mity of thistbem greatly. Inmutativecommittee,in terms whlehcnuso S ' H t o t ^ n n a ^ S ? * ? only astarttaf point,high,andnothing=truckusbetthestrongcontrastbe- tweenthedarkpints'andttowhitenessoftoesnow.ism. Onpullingtoetriggeraneedleshapedpieceofiron is darted forward through a corresponding hale to the pottenorsndofthecartridge,throughtoepowderandup against the sap of which we have spoken, imbedded inlity. AccordingtotheMahometanlaw,toofirstobliga- tion for women consists in the^use of the veil: conse-depth here, b u t with n o success whatever. TwentymilesfromSoughandReadyis"Good Sight Station," which is situated apaa the bleakdelegates ofton tmrg to rsanj«snM ssnRomanCatholicchapel,andwereafflicted with a very atingpowderthanfrictionorpercussion. Arefractoryluci- of materialswhichhaveneverbeforebeeuusedforsuchhauled from Cook's Spring, eixtec* miles distant, TO THK anrron or -oa HSRALD. ^ "whish isthenext station; here tbetravelleris aaaaagkthereportoftoeBonkSuperintendent,pub-always sure e f a good meal a t any time o f tba d a y lished, ia your paper or tba 7th last, admits that; counter-or night. The buildings and coral are of adobe, feitoig and altortog bank notes is progressing wito greatwell constructed, with a n eye t o comfort a s well a s rapidity," and that "a is the duty of the Supestateadeatconvenience. The country, thus far, has been to suggest any amendments to the laws relator*to bank-presided WW h. one of tbntr•committae, differentsight—thatofunfortunateconvictsdraggingtheir ferorcongrevematch,whichhasresistedallattemptsto '-^Sto optai- chains to the other end of Asia- gnite it by friction. can generally be Bashed oft by prickingpurposes,andwalkaboutwiththeirfeaturesandpersontoo much seen. They, moreover, affect indelicate manners, and ia the public promenades mix wUbfmen. Hence fbrto all women, whoever toey may b a f t * leaving their houses must wear thick veils, whioh completely cover their features, snd be clad in *rean* af atoto or otter suitablematerial,withoutemhrJaaery,triamitogs,orex ternul ornaments of enykjad* TO T»",,n**»"iltsse'iistontniueesadtondolea^stn. Ttolsntoras akme eartftled toennTyon»,m cnmrnnotaWj seror.toeworkofeuisncIpstina,andrugnr<|the as only a set of Ibnottosmrtssi dnnentorit on tto nest.wbo are not dirnct^b7Uoressw' » , *| t1 themselves ont of doors (imply at stockings and slippers*prairie,high andelevated, destituteofeverything save good grass; w e now begin to approach a bet- ter timbered country, more uneven sad rough thaning by which Uks system may be improved, aad the secu- i*y af the bUlhDliisrs increased,'' the repcrt closes with- outmakinganyraoommeadations for tba.ehange of tba law. arcwetouudt-rstaodbythistoatnofurtherlegis- lationifneededtochockthealarmingiacreaseofcounter- feit money? <M, siaco the Superiotandaat ta satooriasa bylawto"pwcuretooengravirgoftoeplatesinthebeat manner to prevent oounterfeittoa," does he mean ta de- Clare that tmertoas skill cannot basse the «aad that he has done hta full duty to regard to thia strousevuttbenoblesare.thnresnr%,mverybadhumor; conaptatooftoewrongwhtoStIIIsdtolredtodoat a aw ant <aVsasn n^aaaaVdBanaaaabnPatasl SBSw BSSa sWfeanAar Utm InWilal tal A u U l m ^"^ssnatoa^WT ^a^a^^snsa^pnnwwwam^g w^s* K^s* ^^^^Pn)lBmi» • • a^ru^sna>aai^s>boranfaftolhtoto whrth taral rbjhuandaa- of tH sorts nm tor"B* quite sufficient in that climate,didme avagusbutcommonnotionftotany increaseof rang«'« huttrustwearhalfbootato yatow aiorooco leather,cr has before been seen. A ride ofeighteen miles| xett in all etstnaal particulars—Firstly, the bullet is • toe for all be particularly so as the ice on toe Yolga was not somewhat like our own Enfield bullatr-more pointed,*• J reduced to n strong enough, and wo went the whole way by however, and la a manner solid, the- base being only ne* orO long would land. From Kazan too usual route is through, slightly excavated, leaving space for a little detonatingDeath, which is an immense pi*kt destitute of every- thing necessary, t o sastain, aYe, and o n which hun- dreds o f travelers have pakished. Crossing this, a t a distance of iweiity-flve aailes from Mesilla, w e reach the Bouih ana Ready station. The buiMingi here are o f aaobe, the coral comfortable, and o n the whole ittoa very welikept station. Tha water for this itaaon is hauled from the Rio ulrande, at Pecatcho, a distance of near twenty.tiguted evil, but i£nwsntonmldV-Perm, Ekaihertnburg and Tloumen; but as it is both composition. Behind toe bullet tons prime!, so to speak, longer and more expensive than any other, we decided comes the powder charge, packed ia a linen cartridge.AlitsUr torn i» R ,of St Peter tourg, Nov. to}tto sssto isvan and Tomsk. Thefirstforty wersts belonged proper- ment ty which the breeching » thrown open, toe ly to tbe rend to Perm, but we soon turned at right angles cartridge inserted and firmly locked in its place.Turkey iu conformity wito Mussulman tradition. We-gjvetbe principal points ot the document as a matter ofcuriosity —"Allwomen must take thegreatest caretosefrain from everything contrary to good conduct, a n dmust watch most attentively over thehonorof theirfamily. The iaw& and customs of other nations have re- miles. Walls have been sunk t o a great gulatedallthatisconnectedwithtoeobservanceofmorav ery sanous • entml easn.tto:Oneof my companions having fallen seriously «1 at or scratching it with a pinor a needle. Assumingtoe 2tooouBts, we left him fa .a hotel, to tto enre of a Gor difficuiets which formerly attached to the use of the needle «&*»physician,andonthe1stofDecemberwestepped guntohavebeensurmounted,ttoafonuVurd> 'linnet upon Sbertaa soil. discusses toe points for and against toe weapon by com-JSPJjtoitonethecoldwasbeoomingmoreandmorefJT- parisonwithtbemuzzleloadingsmallarmsemployedto 1 H was with pain and anxiety that I dis tbe French service. Taking a phikaophlcsl view of too »y sheep skins, bought at a very high price subject, the Jfcatttttr *t I'Armee disabuses tt* readers nfNEW YORK HERALD, SUNDAY, .JANUARY 15, I860.generated Turkey • Das ibe beeoms a European Power t iuiia|f|lto»topiiharttntbe pathof ratom in weteh H txtcsHvely active We also obferved that tto firmer ^1-BM the peraecuuoo of tbe (arataas cssasfr seat • > baa af courageously entered; buftbe oppnsiiiou i meets wsjs Riouatrd their horses by the right side, and that Vrope obtained guarantees of tranqniBity la teat oj*«terf with, Hd which, the ptroe.s.e.nt Obae, _ap,p.e_ars to arise tie t xcets ol their misery they had nothing to protestIs fanaucain ejtiBiu-sbed» dan it Over to hoped that from a booa fide dMfuittude as to the future assumes a the ir tat ks but ta« worn bides of these animals, A S tooCbrntiaos and Mahoinedana ahall character callingtor all to attenuea. | rojd we had chosen was a fancy one, it WW exceedingly ga*the last two aiticksin the t/mtUur de VArnej on tbettl i . » q (who, wa are aappy to *Z*%dg*** " '"!!oma* late accident); John e^ray, EsWOf the Dublin ' ^ ^ r Jowial; ana Jehu C^uollyjaq., aiairoosn ofthelaw? carrow,insomeplacesamerelanetotheforests,andWeJ•ttbj'eftoftbeneedlegun,anditsdefinitiveadoption placefomefivedayssince,00UieirwuytoSeaPe-VisitoftheCiarAirxaadertoPoland. oftentadfivehonestooursledgeinonehuge ibrot.gi.OttttbePrussianmilitaryservice,t»tbattbeques- line, »o tbat toe yamchik could only guide tbelocalinfluence,andobtainextendedsupportinthestaterThe i « w Freaela .tt-qaieltioai l a This Fort of Zoulla or Adoulla.[Tracsiated from the Purls Pays, December 20, tor the Nsw YORK Htn.*u».]Frfoch loiiueoce, under the impulse of aa energetic and loyal policy, has, during at* years, toeraased to immense proportions. Tbe discoveries and progress of modern um««havinglessened distance*andbroughtcountries nearer together, tow intlueaee ban esaabhshed itself in all pans of the world, and oar flag waves BOW, in the name ofjusticean<lcivilbatioa, astarasthe remotestpartof Asiagreat importance Is the rest country adjacent to, and bomsincetheaccessionofthenewmonarch,hadalready kopeks. what those who may ha more fortunately situ- surrounding,theRedSea.Greatpobuealandseveraltimesappliedtohimforfavors,askingnowforaAtIchimwefoundnohotel,butsleptforacoupleofatedmayexpecttoseewillbeofinteresttoourreaders, RoREawar.-,I>otJGLASCo,Or,NtOtiU,185*.GENBBAL EXCITEMENT AMONGST THK NOB!LITV— head hone by the voice; but when it was a tion issetiocs'y contemplated in Fronch military circlesTB1T WISH TO rBKBSNT AM ADDBJBS9, aWT Vt IS Tartar, lie w as never seen in any particular whether a breach-loading small arm for toe whole French Beard ss any company to London c * * * * "'*'!? • ? !lince 1830, became one of the provisoes of •gypt, and, toprobably brtef aboot a new social slate favorable to civi- for endurance. Tbe nobility of Podotia, assembled for the ortoe horizon as overhead, all wasjoy and magnificence; continue its course over Africa, crossing the Niletolization. Aaaewva,IntettgenSandcourageous lead- receptionofttoCzarAlexander,"resolved,even"attbe butItwascold,verycold,toocold;theskindroppedoff thenorthofDocgola,andfinallyquittingtheearthin er Dadaskaaaai, fotmer governor of a province of rink of exposing themselvts to persecution, loyally to lay our ioses, our leet became insensible irom suffering, our akbiopta. During the eclipse the planets Mercury, Venus,Tie democracy of Oregon are invoftrt* In a do- moreover, is in a period tr transfotmation, which will This state of things in our provinces was too vexatious (lathing like lightning; the sky was as blue on the verge af Spain will be in total darkness. The shadow will the Rio Mimlires—Overland Mail Station—Dif- mestfe qoarrel whieh is likely to terminate ia aene^beforetbemonarchtheirpresentconditionandtheirde-mands, and thereby ascertain to what extent they mightput their trust in ton new government, or at any rateprovetoEuropethat,aotwttatsadmg thesystematicper-secution that ton been carried on against them, their na- freezing point. - ,_ ,_ tionality still exists, and at the same time show the gov-TheempireofKingTheodoredoesnotextendsofarssthe sea, and toe Abyastataa snore Is possessed by quite alargenumberofcbjeiaanddtflerewttribes.Ittafrom 1.ttoPolishnobility,takingtoeopportunityofthewide,straightandclean;itissituatedontoeslopeofapassageolthemoon'sshadowoverthatstation;while, one of those tribes that France has purchased tto port ofZoella.which, in a few years, acquired great developsment. The coast of Habessh is toat part of the Abyssinian shore which extends from Cape Nose to the Straits of BaVel naadel;the happiness of all, hnve no hetItalian In unveiling be- fore bim the wounds of their hearts, and submitting to him tbe following facta;—tte.i of Tom>k is 19,000; it has a tymnasium with able professors, a theatre, two hotels and all the productions of Europe can be found, but about forty per cent dearer than at Mcacew.and Cape Nose, called Ras el Eaf in toe language of the' Tbe Roman Catholic religion is not permitted to enjoy countrv. Is situated on tbi borders of Upper Egypt, oppo- her rights and privileges. Tbe national Polish languagenearance is to be preserved. The human eye i* an ad- miles lies over arid hilt**, where nothing, save scrub- 1 irr?H discordant, rancorous dissension waseog indi- At IakurUk,bats,clothngin general, revolvers, trunks, mirable instrument, no doubt, but when w e find that by mnsquit ana plante o f t b e cacti speotes thrive.sitetheIslandofEmeralds,whichtoeViceroyofEgypt has recently taken possession of.Zoulla belonged to the tribe of Razortas, which Owes obedience to six chiefs, forming a council, the principal of whom has many years since established his residence in that place. The island of Massouab is situated near the. opening of toe same gulf. Zoulla contains a maritime.population,whichlaindustriousandthebestofthewhole vernor of ourprovince, General PnwwA'aeUczykow,• coast. The city possesses a handsome aneborage, shel- should be officially informed by the presiiieetaof districts, tered from northwest winds, the only ones that penetrate withthepresidentoftheprovince at theidyuWi,oftheinto the gulf; tbe port of Zoulla is the most advantageous intended address. T funiversal Muscovite type, appeared to us very bsautiful, and for tome minutes something like one fourththeTtgre,hastriumphed,afteraaeriesoflonganddread- ful struggles, over the several sovereigns of the country, sad had himself lately proetoimed Btaperor of the whole ofAbysslnsa,undertoeaameofThesdorethefirst, fhe power of thai prince is probably about to consolidate it- self.and tt IS Inthe interest of the European Powers to support him, so that order may reign ia a country for se- vsrsioeansrtodtotarbedbyrieasawsssandanarchy.tsel certain tost everything which can be done to rendertte observationscomplete willhe fully earried out- That, a life, tbat to m e the incidents o f a* trip like this Oregon for years past The trouble does not aria*sheepskinsandMoscowbootscouldstandUsepillars; our fiule horses, s t a furious gallop, kept tw o or torto pounds of ice swinging from their nostrils, the yamchik cokednolongerbefore him,and thethermometergra- dually tank, when we reacted Kainsk, to 71 deg. belowJupiterandSaturnwillbevisibletogether,arrangedin ghe form of a rhomboid- -an occurrence s> rare that some asaturies will elapse before such n spectacle can be wit- aessetlagain;indeed,theeclipseitselfwillbeofacharecconcerning Arizona; soma bare extolled,otherscondemned. I propose to give 70a the items of aterminatingeneofthefineststreets,-walsoaremarkable edifioe and an arc de triamphe dt CSkiU in miniature.Lastly, under the ab'e government or General Moura-legislative elections.- and send taom they please. T h e counties o f Clatsop. Columbia,. Washington. Mtntonrnah, Clacamas ' ambill, M a-. rion, Lan», Utu pqua, Goes and Curry w.il surely send • opposition memhersr aad it is quite likely tbat Polk and Josephine wiiL do likewise. But that t h e opposition will electa majority of the lower Hoise, at least, is beyond a-doubt. This will defeat the re-election of botlv. f»«neral Lane and Delazon Smith, and the probability is that tleek republican Senators-will be chosen instead.Aleading.causeof-theultra divisionofthe bush wing from the party was, as I have stated,the nominaionlastAprilofLansing Stout,member elect, over Lafayette Grover, exmember, from Oregon. Grover u-tae ooen favorite of the Bosh party, and while too timid, vascillajing, non-com- mittalandnegativeamaninhimself,hisadvocatea. and trainers manage to keep .him perfectly, ia th} harness they are refoived he shall wear. His abilities are not raite mediocre, but by judicious reticence, and by occa- sional speeches h is friends write for h im t a deliver,hehas succeeded so fat in makingapo- sition far above liia worth or merit His re cami- natioawaswantodmore forth,purpose ofooaet- ting bane, than because his I icLer- believed him thebestman for theplace. Indeed, among their own number wore several better, more able, a n d truermeu,foetoerewerenonolessqualified^.Ha was believed to be the most popular, howevor, and). being the reaaieit, most facilp tool, they pat him. forward.AtthepolhvallthefilecfthtvBushwingabandenesj Stout, and vatod outright tor. hie black republican competitor, Logan. The leaders found tLemselvea obliged to vote for Stoat, but tbey first taedevery latentpow«ttodefeatbiselection. Thedemocra- tic ticket g o t a majority e f sixteen votav-jeat enough t o save bis defeat, bat not enough to screenfrom meiaeJLaaame the wing leaders who h a d se- cretly opanned and opento voted for i tTbe action o f the aeceders from the- State C o n - is not in accordance with their o w n inter- of duty t o party organisation a s a n - nouncedtoformeryeys,whentbebutttofpower was in their hands. Sal) what care tnav for rulea or duty when their interests are besi subserved bvdeparture irom tbe sue and dereliction of the other? laey care only fez success and spoils, aad to ob- tain either they stead perfectly willing a n d pre- pared to desert the colors last held, and ffy to thestandard of a resand enemy.It is just possible, y e t scarcely probable, thatevents mar happen which will restore barmonv i a tbe party before the Congressional end county- ticketsarcplacediathe field next year. Should this happy result b e achieved Oregon will again provehcnelfthoroughlydemocratic,butsheia irretrievably lost if the present disatfection remain*, unhealed.feltlag.ttatter^ftonobles,wtotornnonn tweenEuropeandAsiaBeteweweresurprisedtoBudorratherscratch,beingasurerwayevenofignitingdeton-propriety,makeuseofveryih:nveils,audcfdressesmaleianowatertobefoundherebydigging:itisall COCNTBaTaUSUi-VKY?«Saremphfled by therelaxnt ^ ^ M w » t o sfrem the' road be had traced out iir the Dstotwto he pub-insects, Coleoptera and Lepidopternvgathered in Siberia;gaaeral satisfactioo- to the travelling commnniby; tn tact, travelers all most dererved'.y accord him the credit o f htumg.the- best managed division -on thaline. T h e troth i»> Capt H . has reduced b is system of stagag Jaa science which bnt few men are capable o f icing, and is popular with all cksees ofthecitizens,a*wo"aswiththeemploye'su7thelimbed at' his acmesiou; tout be had softened the workingtordahfi in N'ovember, 186 «,) ^hai toene rslnxmctsou of of the s- men:, but (at least with regaravto as) had not splendid "Carabus Sniaragdinus F-seber,'' and be wouldfhe commerce of each. «' I x^Uito hftlp hopmg (mid his-Ker d'oSitoes,whichweiWemaMiatodmtoebegioniog changed itsnature.amongst ether discoveries, be has found near Kiakhta theof toe war. practised during Its xODSmuaame, and- which have s-nce beta ratified b y fbrioaJ engas^mecto,may, ne.haiw bestilllurtherextended:analIntbecaumsofThe n* >re respectable ef the Russian«f not understand- ing our i xisiti.nv, on seeing toe turn things bad taken, came toes wi',hex>re*siousofcondolence. Theydidnotper-beexaeedieglythankfulifhonoredbythecorraspondence of amateurs in science.The Aeaoor is open to navigation, and I trus.Vit m ay be totoeprofitotknowledgeaswoilasofcommerce—inLme those principles of war which am apr.Hed to hoetll- ceive tb at oir object was either reform or an open publi- otoer words, of the moral and physical life of nations. tcs by land may be extended, witoout nxnt ption,to hos- cation e f oui>gjievanee», and consequent relief from our.ttltties by sea, so that privato propt.rtfr aba U no^nger be the object of aggression on either£l*,ir « • 1"* «t «"example of former periods, woatoll not ted toat anTnowerfulcountrywasevwvanuaunbedbylenses lusumed by WrrUlnnln. It is too cam fltetsf armies b,'land aid of neets by ma, that docto., the-great con- teate of nations, and it is, perhaps, m be desired that these conflicts should be confined to tte bodiesaeticgstate efuncertainty, and that we had attorned the latterA Hour E u r o p e a n lVosafaom o f W a r . IlIE PBU33IAN NEaOJUS OCX.We found in Mtsilla^ for the first time since leav- ing St. Louis, a good hotel. The teale was clean, tiie food goad,,and well cookeJy the servants attentive, tli3rooms comfortable-, ^ad Mr. GoougeRu>tiansalons trv t h e Ifortxi st"» Jkstst.Am American rsVtncy Fair taxPrrU, tiaaeinFrenchmilitarycirclesby.toeexclusiveadoption [FromGalignani'sMes'sanger,Dec.23.*u.uite recently of the celebiate<! breech-loading*-weapon walledZundnadalGewchr,orneedlegun,throughouttbe wkoto Infantry oi l'russia- To a oertain extont that wea-A Tt ip FBOM ST. rSTlKSBntr, TO IRKCTSK—ASTIRI li XBtiUiTRAXLSOADCASSONTUBWAY—NBA*.O a 811BRIA—CITY AND BUBAL BOSSES—INTBM8E.The American Fancy Sab? commenced yesterday, andiWearehappytosaythat,notwithstandingtberwerityofj JA.Frazier,tkclandlord,politeanddetermined jtheweather,itwas mostsatisfactorily attended,andths- to do everything that lay in hia-power to.addO JL»—DBSCBirTIONOFTHESIB£UANCAriTAL,STC. ponhadbeenemployedmthe Prussianarrayforthelastreceipls must have been very considerable. The dis to the comfort of bis guests. It is an excel- tiiiguisliing characteristic of tbe scene was the vast' lent house tq stop at if you desire to resia fewdays,andwhen contrastedwi'atheniieo#able quaiters at 31 Paso- which were allotted to us dur- ingourehoitstay toere, wecan^nlysavtciravel-A(considerabledegreeofinterestisbeingetcitedatthisMfced**' tntlueoceofthe Britishg ivernmontmigbt T .eretoproveuseful,oratleastmy effortstorenderitso, hadbeenlavishedsndwhichbadbeen regardedwithso francyouare permittedto drawforth anotdect fre:.H,a lers, tryFrazier—fifty miles from ElPaso wringsbe used at tbe approaching Congress toJjav^prlrate ?»«-perivhcncerortb respect » "•» *^ »•*, » ^ ^ , m -tcceptable, to any of its members.It was on tbe 80th of October, 18&S, that I left toomuch national pride, would not bareto-b* abandoned."VeniceoftheNorth" for Moscow, byrailway,havingupon taking tbe following:—lelabouga, Birsk. Ztatooust, Without mechanical drawings it would bo exceed-Tebehvbinsk, Kourgan, Icbtm, Tioukaiinsk, Kainsk, Kolry- ingly dktoult to explain toe mechanical arrange- imperial edict regulating the costumes of toe huiisa into tt, snd rands straight for the Oural mountains. ThisThis being done, however, and toe gun cocked, or wast hiequivalent to socking, it is readyforchainwn(bondquiteunequaltoitsreputation,forItcon-stated of rcinded bills from six to trtseB hundred feet firing. This is accomplished ay very ingenious mechan-tnoj^anrford and "awerick RahwV ^ p a n r Tne • Beard is cow filled, and comprisestftatn members Therea bus far w e have ctaae o »o o r JoontoT. J^MJJ* found the drivers and eoaduetort es4»melf ftt»|«- While tbe whole world resound., with toe praises of invariably stopped, lighted his pipe, and cursed the Astionomlcal a n d Philosophical Data. | pa'ed la tbe general working of the company s oj^Mwns. the snd obliging,the stotiona well kept, the fooelpaper Czas.]theprogressivegovernmentoftheCzarAlexander,and really considerable changes bare taken place in Russia, we in Poland have enjoyed but a small share of the gene ralrelief. Tbesystem Introduced bytoeCzarNicholas still remains, though ©oneeoled by n semblance of gral»ug, silking in the snow, nhouting and rubbing hi*unfor- _„ r.j tunate- nci-e, whilst a Russian to any difficulty of this sortwill be accompanied by so many tnterestfaw Among the regions destined one day to assume efcusaem. Tto nobility of toe enetoot Polish proviuces, whilst on tbe gieat postal road, near Tkxuaen, it was nine phenomena that w s think a "b—rt't•f* "ac~couuantt ef1 i shorses'mothers. Thedistancesalsobetweentheeta- ti ins were very long, the longest in Siberia sometimes amounting to forty wersts; but we saved time neverthe- lessandtIghtypercentolourexpenses,forweoftenhad cur horses for two kopeks per horse and per went,THEGKEATSOLARECLIPSEOFI860. [Fiona the London Photographic News.)Though the total eellpee of the sun which is t > takeplace next year will notbe visible ia .England,..*TbenewsteamvesselsdetMnedforthedueperformance of the mail service are in course of constructs, u.der eoBtracrt which provide for their completion wttoin toe time stipulated by the government contract.plainbutsubstantial,tberoachesingoodorder,and <nr little mules have breaghf us at the rateafcommercial unsetwas are now anfoidmg toemselves there, privilege for tbe Roman Catholic religion, now for the in- hours at our j amchik's bouse, a very comfortable one, more especially those who reside in British North Amerl -and their importance is such that France could not, and troduction of the Polish language in toe schools, and then adorned with Furor* an pictures, and w e everywhere as, who will have an opportunity of beholding it, and w ewaicot,toremainforeigntothen*.!therankwhichshe tortberevivaloftoecustomofselectingthegovernment fouEdtoe(Peasantsmesthospitable,somuchsothathaving trust,ofobtainingaphotographic record oftoeappear- occupiesintheworlddidnotpermitit.ftIsfromthatofficialsfromtoeclassesoftbenobilitywhichispractisedonceenteredaroomoccupiedbyamanlyinginbedwithancespresentedduringitsprogress.TheeclipsewillCountryAronndElPaso—TheMesiUaVol- thought, as aoMe a t Just, that the mission of Abyssinia in Russia—or at leas* that such selection might be made a broken leg, the family Insisted upnn our immediately aommesce in California and terminate on the borders offor the Department of Justice. All these applications takirg possession of it, and carried away the Invalid, tbe Red Sea. Passing along about the 60th degree of lati-i>t.s«ctatons Among the Democrat^Regular Split Arrived at—Tkntjcroflhebeing Lost to the Democracy in (heCorniest— The Secedert from fhe Mate Gbnvm- Hon, Ac.oneofthemostbeautifulpartsofAfrica. fromthenobilityofPodolia,Ukraine,andVolhynta,re- It bordenTIo Nubto, the Bed Sea aud Kortfofan, which, mained Just as they were, unanswered or not attendedteresmicgwithcoin,tosleepinamoremodestapartment. tude,andquittingtheAmericancontinentatHudson's The churches of Icbim and their domes, built on the Strait, it will cross the Atlantic to the Spanish shore,Soil-The Progress— Richness of the Copper Ores in the Vicinity ofpaign w t t b e a t once perceived. There a r e t o h e chosen two United States Senators and a swasher of Cougreai. T h e Senators wffl b e chosew h y a liegislativc- Assembly, composed o f two-thlroVaaw memberstc'theStateSenate sadanentirelynew lower House.ThedahcnMesragingatprosed*arebutttrI am a frontier m a n , and lire s o far from theconsider it their first duty to give him thanks for toe per and entwines this enchanting queen of the polar re- number of eminent astronomers in toe United States to busy marts o f tbe East, and used to-so monotonous disordered condition o f the4 demoeratk party o fernmentthatalltheirpersecutionwasinvain. IspentthreeweeksInTomsk,andmyfriendsknowit Accordingly, on too two days preceding ton arrival of well, this chaiming place will forever haunt my memory; toeCzar,noaddress wasprepared tothefollowingof- tisadmittedbyallSiberiansto bethefairestoftheir ftot!— fair towns; toe houses are all built of stone, the streetsTbn', England will take an important part in recording theappearancespresentedbythephenomenamaybeas character,adaptation toagrktatsrw,Ac.,together gamed as a matter of course; to fast there is no doubt that with each indaeenwntitt i t maw bold oat to en*> continentaltarantswilltrustentirelytoherforadescripgrants.honor conferred on them by the Czar in visiting them, hill facirg tbe rker Tom which is fully two wersts wide an regards Oregon, we know that there are a sufficientaatoral conaeraaences Sewing from th e rabid aaeTZoulla is sttanted on the coast of Babeeeh, in toe Insideof an advantageous gulf, near th* plane where was Adults,orAdouto.theportofthe RedSenwhichwasmostfre-quented in olden tones. PtoleuvusBuergete made, in theyear 167 before Christ, immense works in that port. of thtlr inhabitants, and by satisfying them to increase bind the windows amidst curls and smiles. The popola-mission granted to them to free their serfs.* Ibe Polish nobility, being convinced that the object«f theCzar'stourinthevariousprovincesand countries subject to bis sceptre, Is io learn with accuracy the wantshowever,whichwedesire more especiallytoimpresson mayseemof moreinterestthan to others;.there-those who may find themselves in the path of tbe eclipse,h) the absolute necessity for taking photographs of the fore I may b e excused for trespassitg; opon your great leading principles which agitate tbe party i asun's disc as rapidly as possible from its commencement time and patience. other portions of the Union. It is purely a matter to its termination, and more especially during toe fewminutes of totality, if an accurate representation of itsap After leaving El Paso tbe road for about ten of personal animos-^y—tbe result 'of years of jar-gions like s ring or diamonds; about fifteen churches, with green steeples and white ptOars, adorn its squares, andinthestreet,when mercuryisasolid,thepasserby can see with delight all the tropical plants blushing betripto San Francisco by Ae overland route?,and tor that will be unequalled during tte present century. ahall speak of the couatry awl low it-its generalUon of the Phenomena exhibited at Labrador during thewines,*c.aresoldexactlyfiftype'centdearerthanat threepersonslookingatthesameobject,atthemoment Aaweapproachthefirststation,however,theval- vidneiepreminentinpartycontrol ever sincethe debarred of the title of a living language. Offices which, Moscow; and although eatables are universally cheap of some particular occurrence, cannot agree in their ley ©f the river presents-a better view, tfee load is first organization—no* first unfortunately deve-isbanishedfromtheschoolsandtbecourtsofjustice,andaccording to law, should be held by nominees of the no- tbrougboat Siberia, sugar is always sold at exorbitantdescription of what was actually visible, we are disposed|sr believe that greater reliance can be placed on the recor d weft adapted t o agrlcultare, and w e pass the roinswritten by tbe occurrence itself, thau on acy acount of several old ranches, whose inhabitant werewritten by anindividual. Moreover, where photography r}rfven from their homes, in years gone by, Vy tbethe mind of the astronomer is left perfectly Apaebes. We»see large trees, clothed iu tfteir thistjtt>1b'csakiog out of long suppressed preju-free to note tbe change of color, of wine*, our art beautiful foliage, while tbe ground is covered' withbility, are flutd by nominees of the crown. ^an address to this effect having been prepared, it re-mained to settle the mode of its presentation. It was de-prices, varying from thirty-five to fifty kopeks (forty certs). II is at Tomsk tbat the beet, most efficient, tight- est snd cheapest clothing fcr pol*r climates can Vv got, it is the dacha, or the chamois skin. A dacha can be got forfifteenroubles,out itonlylasts onewinter,a» with tbe first beat of spring all ins hair drops oft*On NewYear's dayI left Tomsk behind me,withloped.Events wbich have trmspired mace t h e admis.sicn oT trvraou into t h r Union have acsoieTatedtermined by the majority that, in the flant place, the go-is employed to resord tbe appearances presented,ojoint to arrive by sea in the interior of Emperor Theo- t, It was read by tbe Governor, who appearmk mofeb dis- ed for Irkutsk, distant 1,600 worst*; here are the dis* pictures, as it is hardly to be hosed that our governmentslors's States; it moreover commands the roads to Adenmcerted. and tried to prove that toe Catwti'c religionwas no Icxger persecuted, ttat our remarks en the Ian burg:—fo Moscow, 610 wersts; to Kazan, 1,500; Zk>- apparatusto Spain. it may therefore be presumed that"Mae Rights of Neutrals. gusgewereuncalledTtr,PodyliabeingaRussiancountry, toonsk, 2300;Tomsk, 4.300; Irkjtaif, 6.300; Blagovjr- Francewillhavetbe.honorofpresenting toourlearned 1OrGERMANY.Wm fViomtheLondonShippingGazette,Pec.15.]#mOQR£aa o r T H » AGITATION I S r a n FRK* CITIES and that it was his intention to submit that in future the cbeiisk 8,000; Jfioolaief-k, 10,000. At Krasnoiarsk we Societies proofs, showing bow easily she would accomplishquentlyhad butlittletimetoaoteanythintrofim- portance concerning this station. The station *\j Eearedtobewellkept: ablasfoftheconductor>orn,andweareoflattherateof abouttenmiles-to Congi ess-lse* year, together with tb-v'uomiuatiem' ofHon.1^Sloctandtheattempttor^etectDHa- sonSmithto theSenate,fanned the tsaeuMeriwej coalsintoawidespread,destnsrtive flame.'There are two distinct wing*-of tbe democratio party of Oi-sgon. aad tbey qutty threaten-to hope^ lessly fly away with t h e substantial, unprejudiced' body, now li-ttte-more thin a skektonof its -former self, owing t e tke eternal exhausting flappings o f its respective airy lateral appendage*. We have a large Lane wmg, a very considerable Bush wing, a leduced democratic body, and a waspish, small h a tvenomousSmithparty atthe tail end,eversting- ing worthy men; and never doingf-ood either to> tito party or themselves.Thelatterfactioniscomposedofafewdespe- rate,reckless parsons,who reallyHavenoprinci- ples a t stake, b a t \viio a r e instigated t o share i n pzrtytriumphs solelyfortheplunder andspoilseuafuls or beOisurents, a n d t h e high authority o f t3a latitude was crimsoned by twilight two benrs and ahalfbeforetbefirstrayoftoesunhadburstuponthe strdgVandilluminatedourmelancholyfaces.At length, on the 11th of January w e saddenly found minuteness to render them very- valuable records of thegovernmentotDti-tlsmightbeselectedbythenobles;but heurgedwith prayers,and even threats,-thattoead- dressmightnetbepresented.foundahotel,anItaliancircus,butsosnow,andthe frictionofthesledgebecameintolerable. Wesoonenter edaforestofgiantpinesandcedars,whichcontinuedforwhatweconsideredimpossible,ornotworthattempting. Weneedscarrrelysay that a negaWreof tnesun'sdisc. takenbyanordinaryWise,wouldbeofnouse,owingto*°theaffairsoftheserfs,andexpressedahopeQUAatatUAt the second general meeting of the Ieeds Philosopbihy tmjand on t deciimeo<of St. about muchwar, v of Wa. of anxi ttoo. 'itermso. poaalto ment >1> One coneubtectsibe exempother bellproviso wiable Thear maim* usmilitialort!and on theirhave been Uplement thtutheUnittdSttllance for thea sufficient g uarantee should be taken thatthatcom- ceiveit'* Baikal,andiscertainly notsohandsome asTornek,formerce should *>ot, undtr any* circumstances, bo Next moi nir.g, at>tes, the prt side ists had an audienle of even lathe "BolcbaiaTJlitsa," the uBroadway"of 3rkntsk, was loun.f in tbe volcanos- aad earthquakes, aud as in-molt sted Th ? conditions of the American govern- the ftear. Tbe moaaeeb greete* I them with a penetrating ail toe aeoees are of wook, and remaekably low . so- toat stances be referred to tbe elevation, of tbe coast line of ment, howevei •, did not suit toe views of the glance, and) reading, doubtless, to their countenances an with a population of 23 000, tt is no less than eigfct-wersts Chile on the 19th November, 1822, whisk was only one of Paris Cocgresa. and America is no parly to toe Paris , indexible resolve, cowmanned .m a voice trembling with in oireamferesee. The natives, toe*are very inferior in many such previous occurreaees, and to* similar eleva-po sessiDg either in the appearance vr sitaation ofwtoeneutralrtag.andthegoodsofaneutralunder \*nkforaprivateaudienceonthefollowingday.Tbeysflag,contrabandofwarexcepted.Whenthis presentationwentoffssallcUUialpresentationsuotiuSk/ nancythatwecouldnotbear1olookuponanyparticularthisfort;thehidings areofadobe,andwearetrauoawassubmittedtotbeUnitedStatesgovern , Mr. Pierce was President an* Mr. Marey Secretary lie. TbepropositionthattheAmericangovernment\do,andthentneCzarretiredIntotoeroomsassigned?** nim in the Governor's house. * ' Thistookplacebetweensixfsndsevenintheeverang.spot. Wewerehereatthesouthernlimitof"toe'Russian kmpire, and wrjen looking r* the lefty mountains befare as,itseemeddoubtfulthatfshouldeverprofimethesa-builtforafourcompanypost,thoughtherearebutfresh provisions ef meat and French chocolate, and stori- of England having the credit of producing toe besttancesof the-cnlef town ontoejourneyf/om St.Peters- Willincurtheexpensenecessarytosend outtherequisiteThechamberofCommerceofHamburghasfoliosbeexamplesorecentlyset bythe worthy burghers'of Threehoursafter this interview,(on t!te,13thefOc- 400wersts.metsomeveryInoffensive wolves,and expe- itsdimiuvtict3ue,asthedistortion consequent upon-eu anhour. Atoat two" hundred yardsweit of this' Bremen, an<1 have issued a pa^er setting forthfthe tober),toe Czar ettored Kamieuiec. In tbe hall of toe' rienced n^grenter cold than 46 degrees below congela- Lwgssg it sufficiently to produce anothar negative, from station is the line of the Territory of New Mexico,i4vanta«e« of a new code of afaritlme International paw, Governor's palace were wasting the uobiitt;,- and the rfaieh shall establish theprincipleoftbeimmunityof Civilandmilitaryoffleers; fo:tbeCzarpassedthepi rteate property in lime of war, whether belonging, to and proceeded direct to tte Greek cuurcb-. whereibishop and clergy were ready to receive bim. On hi •vurnmentoftoeUnitedStatesIsoJtedinsupportoftb turnfremthechurciVtoeCaerfoundthej noosedchange.—Tb-e-d•»ec-l-a•r-a-t•ionmadebytheptenipoten. eembledmthe hall oftheGovernor's pa'aceTies assembled at Farts, April, Iftfv, was quite as great! him with anxiety. Here- tbe Governor, cootitoestateofthingswhichhadpre-1 ««»»P!a«*dthemsothattoeCawfirstsaint; advance upon.onlyexisted,astheHanfteatic proposition is|]tnry,nexttoeolvilofBcm,andtoenobtlit, that declaration. By that arrangement pri ¥, dressing tbe nobilit-y,-h,e tttttrked mem f.or t.heiieeruig and paper blockades have been abolishedail the leading maritime States of Europe, and theoetant concessiou made, that enemy's goods are sate l\ » 8 Hflght te present an address in public, resolved toore or less-faced the east: we were never which a photograph could be printed, would render it use-iringtbei-ioryofmorning upontoecoldand lessasarecordoftheappearancespresentedduringtbe jbnost metallic atmosphere, which, strange to say, in gradual passage of the moon ever its saiface; but we dowhich is marked ( a little t o the right o f the road) byanadobemonument,erectedlastspring, bythe LnitedStatssaad Texas Boundary expedition; w e hereenterth&TerritoryofArisoaa. andattbetakes no account. Unfortunately, there is little chanceflowers of eveiy variety and'hae. The first s'at^a dices as3 batt-tds. The election of Gen. Lsaeand west of El Paso ia Los irlamos, or the CoWin Ddazi.-fii-S.-nitb- to the United States' Senate- o»vetWoods, and is distant from EI Paso about twocty impetus :b the rehellinos nmvements and tlieawb- miles. We only changed horses- here, aud cou?w qutnt de.*«e-t of l^fsyette G»0ver for rcnomiawtToetnot think it would be at all dif9eult for any amateur pho-tographertoconstructaverysimpleapparatusfortakingphotographsofasolardiscofatolerablesizeandsufficient same timethe far famed valley of IAMesilla.transient phenomena which may be expected.ST* JOHN HEESCaSLL ON VUXCANOSS AND KABTB- cessful cultfvatwa. Twenty miles bring us tothroughavery*prettycountryctpaMeofsuc- Fort Fillmore; there is nothing particaJarlypre-cal and Literary Soc:*)-, a valurble paper, by Sir JohnF.W*Herscbell,"Oa-VolcanoesandEarthquakes,"was rradbeforetbemembersbyMr.P.O'Callaghan,oneof'informedquitecommodious:itwas-originally Hiebt-torablesecretaries.Sir-John said—It mijht be aakccVwhether these dread- fulvisitationswerenotsentbytheAlmightyfursomebe1 give in its adhesion to an agreement calculated so ' The town was !tghted up by toe oolise. and gjoups of Jews cred ground of China behind their proud sum:nt3. This mtie >nt purpose, or at ait events -chat they formed part- pleasure o f nieetiftg here Lieut. Rowland, s o w in whieh come through office. Animated with t h e to reduce the losses and mitigate the horrors of I tilled tbe streets. At ten the Czar antendeWa ball gr impression gets much stronger at Kickhta, for and parcel of some great scheme of Providential arrange- command, also Lieut. Coggawell ef tbe Eighth eanss sentiment* -aaieh their acknowledged leader ras, we have no doubt, well weighed by the Cabinet in his honor by toe nobility. A3 went on as nsual uai wito elear weather, the first Mongol station can ment, which was at work far good and not for evil; and- .Infantry, who ia with h is company a t this-point; posseafces, they stand always ready t o secure officeibington, for tbe reply bore incontestible evidence toe Czar leit; toes the Governor assembled round him, In be seen like a white speck lost in the i: > >us and careful consideration ef so serious a quea one of tbe rooms, the President eftbe province and these messiry of tne desert, from the spire of its rrngnifiecnthe thought he should L j-able tosbewtoal toe volcano andthe earthquake were, in fact, unavoidable—he had al- both these officen-are geDtlemeu'to vAem w e are and*preferment, without regard to tbe method b yindebted for many-favors.ne exception taken in Mr. ntarey'* despatch to the | of tbe districts and a tew if the uobiMy, and in a sharp ' toe declaration bad reference entirely to the pro- , aid dry tone addressed item as fellows:—"The address abolishprivateering. ThiitheAmericangavern-jwhichycuhavaresolvedtopresent;^"tlemen,isillegal. e'areditsSuabilitytoaccedeto,exceptupoojYouhaveonlytb»righttopresentcudressesfromtbeas- tk>c—namely, "that the private property of the | sembly elected by you, ant the elecJnns have not begnjn.wbka either is te be obtained.In* tbe recent State Convention, which met a tr citizens of a belligerent en the high seas shall Toucaraict, end .' presume a 'ill not, geotlesneu, present tnia'cd from seizure by public armed vessels of tbe addressl-" added be in an In terrogavoryjtone. This qaery The Chaise ot Kiakhta are mors exetosive still, slnee theyLeavingthet«.rt,andpassingthe3totion>one halfmiledistantwestriketheuiostucaaftalTalley • we have ever sesn in this country. After eroa*ing Abe Rio Grande t h e rood for about si-r<*ui}o». and !until w e reach Mesilla-. lies the whole- disiance through corn fields', extending as far aHheeyacanEngineCityonti<vlSthofNovember,forthepur- poseofselectingsixdelegates to the-Charleston Con /ention, the reepective wings and tail came i n conflict. T h e Szirthitoa tagged o n to t h e Lane forces; and were rewarded b y the election e f their ranting leader a s Chairman o f the convention. T h e Bush wing twenty-one in number, headed b y Gro- ver. i. wnediately withdrew, and organized anotherserent, except K be coLtraband of war." The j was received in arlence. ai id he coiltnued, concealing will net allow any woman under any pretext tolive within sperffctly intelligible, tnd perfectly reason- I his anger:—"You have sake d me for-an audience of the their walls, and a desert of 900 miles separates Lrebands-reach, and whosa great productiveness? even ia its half cultivated state, shows t h e immense richnessrnited States do not maintain large standing | Caar- you will bav^lt at ten t 'dock in the morning. Y ou from their wives.bj sea or by land. They rely upon their I have been granted :r, only to give yea an opportunity towar shore defences in toe event of invasion, j thank bis Imperial ttoiesty fo r acceptuig your bail, thank But I return to Irkutsk—Irimtsfc then, and no longer1privateers—theirmilitiaofthesea,as-theyIhmi,andsaynomore." t»u leavingtbem,hetriedonce Tobolsk,athecapitalofallf*e!ia.andespeciallyofpassed resolutions infracting their delegates t o vote a r the nomination of General- Lane for t L a Piet-idenpy, a a d then chose Gene-rased—to harass tbe enemy at sea, and sup- : more to shake tbe resolntion of the nobility, by saying: Eastern Siberia, of which Count- Moiiravietfaiueors'k is;wliere they were at the creation of the world From this capable of supporting a aense population-, and willssariome force. It Is bat fair, therefore, *f "Yc»s have an oppsvtanity c f presenting your petition the Governor General, and which includes the toe were asked to abandon their chief re- governments of Tomsk, Kon'.cet, the provinces ofii lollowe-i toat without souse process--of renovation or restoration to i-eas. in anlajsntain to ttau destructive work af old Neptuac, there WO-JM not b e remaining a foot of dry land far any living this* to stand upon. This process -|n*a few years lie th e borne of thousands of'»orenterprising American pioneers. MoeiHa istbe ral I-aae himself, JtrAae MVP. Deady; Hon.L.now,andto-morrsw-itwiH bt•toolate. Ishall tellhis Irkutsk,Ameer,kc.,&c.,tothe3treitsofBehrinf>Itlies irotection of their maritime eonimerce, that Majesty tbe purpostof your ad dress, and he will not re- on tbe rght bank of the Angara, aixty wersts frem lakeprincipal town in tbe- vailey, andjn fact in the ter-ritory. It contains-abojt T,000 inhabitant*",of wbotnabowt 100 are Airerioens. The town is bmlt priapi-palLy of adobes, thougli in th e suburjaane to-beseen hundreds ol thet'jacais," so commoaamougfbeMoakati people. Hisre,too,are thehaadouartsra rated. ofth>sdivisionoftireoverlandmailUno>wherethe Stosehoufe is situstodv in which immense qnantiwes ofoornandprorielonsfortheuseoftbelinearedeclaranon Bu tMr.Marry'soffercontatnesomuchthat emotion, tte toUswang oouvensauon.—"When do your I>oiiitofbeamy,theMongoltypepredominating;bwssberetionoftheooastofpozzuoli,inNapler.,-ea1838 Thiswas ibemannertuwhichtheearthquake lidlaswork,antit was alwaya a t work some where or ctoer in tbe world, •ota day,perhaps, certainly nota<muato, occurring Withoutanearthquaketakiag.place. Baethquakes,how- ewe-r,didaotalwaysraisetbeland-there werenum- berless instance* of their producing* depressions, but tbeywereexceptionaloccurrences.Itwasnotevery- wbere that this process of upheaval or subsidence went en<by fits and starts. l o r instance, toa whole of Scacdi- naviawasrisingoutoftheseaattbeaveragerateoftwoooutdonlyberealized,thatifisnotsur- UBJties so actively tnganud in tbe pur astoeIlaoseaticrepublicsshouldavaHchureh: yet, of ail the Kiakhta merchants, some of whora have grcton old in s'ght of thj plain of Mongolia• uud tho roadtoPekiii,notonehascrerbeenallowedtotouch- itshallowedsand,byevenjuniptngoverthewocdenwato which here for ouce unites thbdiscordant and laeteroge- neews elements of tbe two greatest empires of tboeartb.most said necessary—instdents in a vast system of actwn to .which they owsd toe very ground they sloodUpon—withoutwhichneitherman,beastnorbirdwouldhaveaplaceforitsexsistexce,andthe-worldbethehabi-tation ot- nothing bnt fishes. Geology taught them that footay foot, or inch by in.-b, and centurv by century, theSea waa- constantly'weertug away the land on everycoast of Europe, Asia Africa and America: andwhat toe sea was dr.mg the rivers were helpingit to do. There was poi.er enough at'work, then, audthat power had been leng enough at work utterly to havecleared awny and spread over tbe bed o f tbe sea ail pre- of its soil. This ?uliey> i s some sixty mito*in length convention. T h e Lane m e n , with their allies, sent exlstieg continents arA islands, bad they been placed end on an averaa* tw o miles in breadth, k isBightinthecentreasyouenter,is tobe sesn what's-multitude collected together in a vast recepiacle. tone you to hishouse- and you will aot regret baring Nevertheless, simultaneously, with the completion of :.-U- gentleman, as we paused an. instant before the pretty come. W a m at here also the firm of Lcionart & Wm,Armstrong'sexperiments,whichresultediasolvlag, youngAmericangfr!whopresided overtbe diatiibat'.on,, Murain,tl. mostextensive meiehantsup£ntbc-Riotels.be Wecan,ofcourse,quite tmdenutand tb»taBrujh Minister, who witnesseo the pro<ross mane b/.to^- previously taken my passport for Kiakhta at the '• Bure&n up to a certain [loint, toe problem of manufacturing an drew forth a porcelain basket, and the writer of toes* Grande. These gentlemen are French, and have,Ston asamn^sttmepowerskimtowconsmsuoement^of ihi centurv soon'. I beunwilttne wanrrnBdentbat power by -hi-h sheis enabledto pUc^soeffefltuatavpresaureupoa. tne comr-IerW an enemy; but we bannut undeistaad n , L..»,aTmaktoetoedecorationorPa.totbestoiect^deseuangers,"toepriceofthiswas,1think,four Silver roubles.The"cars"andenginesareentirelyAmerican,andnot tbe worse for that; but the rale of travelling is wonder- fully different, for It took twenty hours to go through this 610werstswhichseparatetoecapitalofRussiafromMos- cow, the capital of toe Russias, where we arrived early the next morning, under a piercing cold, butefficientbreeajiloadingcannon,avaguereportcirculated lintshadthegoodfortunetc->Uainamultiplicationtabjt'—to the effect that all the shor"comings af the needle guii which witoout doubt ho will find useful towards.toe hadbeendoneawaywith,andthattooarm,farfrombe- Jourdel'An. Thereis likewiseapoetoffce, wherefor ing abandoned, would be given to all the Prussian infan- n franc you obtain a.kttor,, which—but It is- scarcely, fair try. The next rumor relativeto the needle gun wasto the to disclose alL the secrets of the sale, somethingbytheir».«.r*cvciSiaceandenterprise,acquiredim- mense fcrtene* in. this country. They have a t L03 Cruces, dire.ttly opposjte Mesilla, a large mill, which manofactttres thebest lour wehave seenin thecouatry.—farsuperiortothatmannfacturedat Bart's null, near El Faso.Mesiila contains some teraor more stores, seve- ralsaJoons-andgambling houses,aiul,a.church, while meohaaics ofall k^pds find nadyemploy-t^LiaVmtToi. andrefusmg the «mmu*»u to wntob toesc^gratulatiou, a^rei 8 beltigswwwd^riahTItalianwa^r,buVtbefeartontwemigb*b**» , the most Immaculate sky. This part of Russiaeffect,thattbeescapeofpowderblastfromtheibreacblugjoint had been obviated by adopting Sir WilUBnTs mainexpedient—namely, an essaading copper ring; then fol-lowedthestatementthattoePrussianshadimprovedontheir cartridge, rendering tt more safe than originally.Thepreciseamountofcredibilityto beattachedtothese,rumors we do not know. This much is certain, however—shonld beleftforourreaderstofindoutbyporsoaal experience. As- several of the object*, are of eauii derable value, such, for instance, a s a .well eansutod paiLtingbyM.I-lugn'un;,anartistwhoha beenlongin the United States, raflba have been organized foi> them, whichsceme1tobefUUegrapidly. Or.ainparticularwas exceedingly run on, being a large Twelfth day cake, into which a munilkeQt American had thrusta.ring, worth fivef n ^ l v r i t o t o ^ ^ofourleadingmerchantsreceived•?*l^°0«fw»'W'corespondents abroad net toebnrtor Ifritsto ship*MV n r n i This apprehension ijtodnced. amonftotBritash. ¥ vnluablecharterswithintooprenstoyear* tod ttimi •uwa. o vt i c a a „d"liber foreign ship.. J ^ " * ^ * * thoseablyp«o'luted than anypartofSiberia. Aftera fort- ni(!b''.- .science in Moscow, in total despair of ever learn-Jwpo-wners mom diesntrou.resntoajd*TM*TM*» anythat 1 c wired vtsiting taberln with a travelling companion whoco!;>peakoneofthepolishedlanguages,andmy room •<!-•-.: i •"liately assaulted by a beet of candidates, of nbr-w, ).- •• inief, 1 selected two who spoke French, and oil »••• • aitej on the IStb of November, not In a sie-.'ge—u-r winter bad not set la; toe snow blew over snd eiound us, it had no consistency in some places, was six feet deep in others, and w a s totally absent in a great many—hut In a wretched "tarantas,'' which had to be changed at every station for a worse.Th* lasted for five days and nights, when w e reached, through Vlalimlr a n d Nljoi-Novgorod, t h e historical Tartar capital of Kazan, aftefe^a desperate journey,took place during toe Italian campaign—a period, it wto be remembered, when there seemed some probability that Prussia would, at no distant day, be invclved ia the European strife.Two German dolls.which pronounce the words "Papa" and'Mamma"witoastonisbiagdistinctness,excitedmuch amusement, but tne was sold towar&s.the mkldle of the day. Some admisable pictures on porcelain fsom Saxony, fine Dresden china and a ntw kind of Saxon table cloth, composed of silk and linen thread woven together, were much admired, to fact, the whoji scene k a most pleas- ing and oiiimatod one, and the arrangement of the goodsLadles' Dreaaca la Turkey.Tbe Journal de Cmttantinnpk publishes the text ol anwould have guaranteed c**-06**? at ; * t t"iesritii'S/* o* so long as we oontiuued ueutml,dtmeo- g before niplcSaerbgoencsoiuoMn wroams t*htaot tdoueutwomarwwuno.uldW»sny * # lvtsedly,cargota belonged to a »ei .Varieties of tbe needle gun are now common enough inthis country, being chieny used* for rook and rabbitshooting. These arm* are, however, mens toys; theyhave little affinity with toe Prussian weapon, sad, indeed,toey could not be used in connection with a full charge ot remarkably attractive. S»Wder. Tbe Prussians make a great mystery of theircartridge, but the following description will befoundcor-lro n^ment bare.Thin town is destined to b e far tha-largest town'Parisingifc I ,*ian language, I made it known to toe public Piussian service alter ton years' trial. Thefinalajoptkw guinesB. Ring anil all may be obtained for a few francs.in Ar'tjona, and we predict for it a brilliant fu- turtv,andbelieve thatthefewAmericansatpre- sent living here will be richly repaid for the hard- shi-pa they now endure. It is the only business pace w e nave seen ia the country worth naming aa.auch, and i s surroanded b y a most admirable tanning country. Leaving Mesilki,, tbe road con- tinues on for abouti six miles throagh the valley, which seems t o b e o n e immense- cornfield, till w e reach the little town of PecatcW, situated at the* foot o f the mountain o f that name. Here, asceadt ing through a dee^ canon, w e strike the aoaehwest/ seemed more dreary and more thinly and miser-the needle gun is now deUnitlvely adopted throughout th»Zlotoouste is a lovely town, half concealed in one of thevalleyt oftheOural; itsminesareequaltothose of Eka-therinborg, and its blades are celebrated throughout Rus-sia. Itis,uncordingtoournotions,toelasttowntoEn- powderchargeIgnitinginfront,whichisconsideredtobe dutybutofapreceptoffaith.Nevertheless,forsomatimerope;battoeRussiansentirelyrejectthisdistinction.be- anadvantage. Tbegunrarelyrakserfire,aneedleprick, pastacertainnumberofwomen,contrarytothelawsof twenty miles ineitherdirection. OScoursethere WHO IS ajESTOKSIBLB FOBtU FREVALSKC5corib)that emuadpatJonof tbe nobles; a, eaa be bated for forty six days'wBJSSTBWr• aw#,.aunjrwBS me--SS: toteto> «>also conform to the laws of propriety, particularly in the streets, or tbey will subject themselves to savere puaish-The fact K, tbat hia only eftort to protect the paper onr- reocy of the toate has been la asauttsj the saaysvwaa to a rnooopoly, preventing eoaapotitioa, aad perpetoattogat awO| i»wantam"Tt»toSiberiathanaraglaocost,although .fwdwehniyetexperiencedwasSIdegreestobescomplisbedbyadoptionofabreechloadingwea-someothersuitableanddacoirtwvertogfortheto*. Whentbeygoouttomakepurchasestheyarestriottysubstance of toe bullet. Detonation ensues, toe quently, fora Turkisk woman to depart froro, the ob- prairie, at so elevated a point that the stagecan Tne BsaaJt Department aad Coatthe servance of that custom is a breach of not onlv a socialpon. Tnechief advantageofa thoroughly efficientAnother serious Inconvenience also hreech leading tmiB tota entntsto to toe mpffilty wiffi | prohibited'fromthrough mountainsandcanons,bringsustotheBio Mimbres. This vahey is not large, bnt its landsshops, but must'stop oa the are rich and pretty well timbered. Many settlers•auatnotremainlaager thanfat have come in here, and are constructing fine"are.Wewarejust inthetlraeof observed by Ituauaas of ,nor anythingakintowhichitcanbeloadedsaddischarged,thoughttefacility of loading in any Position,.ll^towto ^hack, on toe face,sidewaysorkneeling,oughtnottobeforgotten.Theoutsidetotese:When ttey are on toe public confluethemselves tothepartre- i,weoftenha1to(Hasgreatquestiontobesolvediswhetherskirmishingor Anywomanwhoshallbeguiltyofranches, which ina few years will bevery value- ble. W e a r e s o w twenty miles from L e Cobre, and six from the Hot Springs, both o f which plaoes w e vhall visit.opon tnrnlps, and found tbe Malm 0 5oar habits.mucktooI'latraryto dceevolley A^KJi^^^S^L" " ^2?£> I therefore to one ef tnTithe taw will be severely punished. jaa beyond their means,No farmtoJrtot houses ordered took'ns at tbe present eoatoanaa a t aafjpujkJgwto**'snt> and what- Ser, mere rapiday of firing is not easstolal, and tbe Bownr af aaonShnntet a mny tt toe ease of aa ^lrapotn- ouasrnaeivousmaana otowvtoiawtnto^anarnly aotd-a n d t b e be moat carefully selected. Tte. men mustThe copper obtained from the mines in this vicini-ty equals tba best Russia copper, and has alreadybeen favorably noticed in fhe markets of the East,though butverylittlehasbeenvetexported,owing toeuseofbanknotedeviatewalchnavebecome''nunlnarlogoutftpremiumtt)U**u*6 _ _Totte V^^Si^^^l^S^S- Tl»e G s l w a y Steamship Line. [Fiom the London Steamship Chronicle, Dec. 23 ]te the difficulty ot obtaining transportation.The Indians are again becoming very troolAasome to this region. A night or two siaoe they made an attempt to stampede the moles of Mr. Stephen Ochoa. They stole the bell mare, but the mules re- fusedtofollow. Twoemployeeoftheoverland,..laiog tQ tfc<g pitco Ixoj. ty&'s Spring. **?*as household words'' sa the pill laaala, wtd eat sad Washington bank notes, aad bogus stock company eertifl- cate1that flood the country.Whatweneedla,thataBankSnportotecdeatshouldbo appointed wlio knows where the era with our 1rency rests, and will encourage t h e meohanjeal aad ar-*m#r1^The*^ ^ s T f T l ^ ^ l P ^ ? -tofat ofim-The Atlantic Royal Mail Steam Navigation Companyhasrecently added some influential and important busingsaen to lis managing dlrtctioa. These lncluIs Denis Kir I -n,o,»manarmg«.recuoa. Tame amtnatwan.fekq , of Castle Hackett, county Oslway; too BighttSTX^I^^^^^!!^^Untitled Documentkicgdom. Tbe direction now comprises as influential a dro. The officers in command express tutor deter-Oar Arlzoaa Correspondeacc.Rio Miafaasa, Arizona, Nor. 27,1859.Oar Orrgon Correrfpwa Irace.Jftyferr of a Trip to San Franci$co Overland—TheParty—A Stale Prx^iaentialky—Its Un»urpassed 2bvm ofMesiUa—UsRichness of Commercialtwo"stationedhereatthepresenttiras-vretodthebe seen approaching a t the distance if fifteen o r8 6niinstion tochastise these Iodeuau eevesaly, autoes tlry are embarrassed by farther orders.ficulties with the Indians, dc., Ac.ralauilocaldefeattetheStateand Traveaers and letter writers have written much campa%q o f 1660. T h e importance o ffrom radical differences o f opinion aaou any of theStout, oenenl John Adair. J. K. i^ameri :kand John V.Millc?.asdeJpgates to theNational Convention. It is not known here v e t what course vraa pursued by the 'alting pariy.'but it can safely b e asserted that the- acted differently as the poles are sepa- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comtistic talent of the Sate to apply tbe remedy, HlWXOfi Jan.t, IW,BURIN. 