 TBIPLE SHEET.•aw w.,k, *s.Jam* ». 1WO.rumcwhich be, in his intolerant wisdom, finds good, France would have sacrificed the liberties ofSaw f w kHeraUd—CailfarKlaSMttlam.inlandmailservice,andrequiringproposalsfrom the lowest bidder for carrying the mail between Charleston and Havana.Our correspondent at Key West gives an interest tog account of the cruise of the Crusader off the coast of Cuba, to search of slavers, and her capture of the bark Bogota, wttn a full cargo of negroes. The arrival of the Crusader at Key West with her prise WM reported a few days ago. The negroes were purchased from the King of Dahomey at Wy- dah, who held them as prisoners of war, and are represented M being in a healthy condition.'orazport,whichWMcheckedbytheArmneesofhoM-forced,byafederalarmy,aretodoallthe era Wheat was Inner and in fair demand for milling andor export, with sake of Weatern and Canadian, at rates bloody work, and confine its presence, and its given elsewhere. Corn WMfirmerand In good demand, multitudinous results and perils, to the South-awW!<&••W YORK HERALD-pisiifd that the intensity of the odor is and Ittsrary culture, political seal, and the gt*and tavern brawiete.T i e tax w ^ o f i»*cto»eat for violation ef CHyJudgeonFridaya*"*-TM»tosabtovasVedwtth peculiar importance, . * » " • **»**NE JAJs. w0 K3101ECX »••v nissan AK» rtn-WKso great M to be felt at a distance of ef eloquence, which place him to the ver> con plications which are arising to the north t-everalblockstoeverydirection. ItWMcharac- foremostrankasaleaderandanexponent1. andsouthofEuropeinspireasuspicionthat terized Man intolerable •atsance, very detrimen- the black republican ideas. Allof theoeclrcum Ui«-y are part and parcel of a scheme of policy tal to the health of thookceds of inhabitants and stances combine ta give a more deep solemnity which dates back to before toe commencement slmost suffocating ia warm weather. The damp- to bis words, ia this grave moment of their utte- of the Itehan campaign. It will be recollected ing ground complained of ia a square block and a rance. Hat previous to the outbreak of hostilities at half in etae, and Is composed of decayed animal acd And what are bis words? He opens with an that time, it was not only believed, but broadly vegetable matter. It WM also urged that the nui- ostentation of the pure and holy feeling of cha- affirmed, that a secret treaty had been entereduance is injurious to pro petty. The committee rity; bnt does that quality predominate in bt» into between France and Rosda, by which pro-time at which toe coutitatioatttity *f that U s , While in some parts of the Union capital and the right of the Legislature to ene»^h,wnibe fairly brought to an tome. It avast a^ de- cided whether the Legislature has anyrity under the constitution, whichreligious liberty to the broadest sense to everypromised to report on the subject at the meeting of the B- ard of Health.The Board of Health held a meeting yesterdayconceptions, breathe in his utterance*, and live in bis ideas, to stimulate men to deeds offorbear-vision was made for a thorough revision of ex- alting European treaties in the event of the war leading to certain anticipated results. Had notpunishment has been virtually abolished, andin almost every State the number of crimespunishable with death hat been gradually re-duced, the rope most still be regarded as afederal institution. We have, at this moment, citizen, to make any law regulating mens ac-The Overland mail route to the Pacific seemsliable to great interruption from the repeated out- «e»a tor Sumner's Spec en—Shall the Unionrages cf the Indians, who are reported to have stolen all the mules at Swell and Dragoon Springs static••as. A train of twenty-four mules, with sugar from Bcnora, WM captured by the Apaches nearho Deatro} ed or the Fanotica Put Down! We give elsewhere to-day, in foil, the speeeh of Senator Sumner, of Massachusetts, on the great question that is presented to the wholecountry for judgment in November nextNot only the argument it contains, but the place where it WM uttered, and the position and character of the man who uttered it, should be taken into consideration in measuring its bear- ing upon, and relation to, what may truthfully be called the greatest question of the presentTHE CHINESE W AR.—Coincidently with the interest excited by the Japanese mission to this country, the Chinese war question is just now engrossing a good deal of attention. To aft appearances it would seem as If the opening of the one empire to the commerce of the world, was destined to be immediately followed by that of the other.the Hanover Copper mines. of the attendants.They also killed fiveThe Tail many Society, or Columbian Order, helda regular neetirg last evening to the Old Wigwam,with the view to a grand consultation generallyand the installation cf four Sachems specially. Agood deal later than half an hour after the settingcf the sun, most of the savages being in attendance,Sachem Wilson G. Small WM summoned to the age. In the short period of eighty-four years chair, sod the business commenced, but in whatmanner conducted that outside barbarian livethnot who ran tell. Sachems Kelly (Sheriff),The Chinese question stands at present in this position: Great Britain and France sent out a small naval and military force with an ultimatum to the Emperor. This has beenConnelly (Senator), Miner (Register), and 'be energy aid enterprise of its citizens, harements have now to vindicate their demands. The question is whether they can agree upon united action in the Piaster th§ events at pre- sent transpiring in Europe tending rather to weaken the importance of this Chinese diffi-Waterbury (District Attorney), were dulyinstalled, with the customary ceremonies. Theapproaching Fourth of July next occupied atten-tion, ar.d after a little conversation the subject WM the civilized world. Yet its achievements in postponed till next Wednesd«y evening, when the the past are as nothing when compared Council will again meet and conclude their arrange-toe new continental map which the pamphlet of M. Edmond About so pleasantly prefigured.nor, Comptroller and Attorney General to consentto a mortgage on the premises at Seguine's Point,with a view of usingtikefunds so obtained for thebetter protection of the public from pestfleatia'and Infectious disease, l i e Commissioners reore- der different circumstances of soil and climate,sent the premises at Seguine s Point an unsuitable ta their present shape. and recommend the pro- ceed* of the loam to he applied to toe support of the floating hospital provided-by the Quarantine CniMiiimauuaia tor toe reception of personssiok with yellow fever or other contagious disease.The Police Coamlsaioners, at their meeting yea.a vote of thanks to la Foulx, of Brooklyn, and his force, tor the nctionjaken b j them to arresting the priseare not a little frightened at the idea of having three or four strong tickets in the field againstthem.sectional squabbles. If we had any statesmen from Mr. Everett has called out some of theshould probably witness a repetition of the asms scenes which occurred during the Eng- lish and French conquests in Hindostan. The only chance of success which such a movement can have is by dividing the interests of the pop- ulation and setting them against each other. They have a powerful lever to commence with in the rebellion which ta spreading from the interior into the tea producing provinces andthreatening the principal ports. It is vary doubtful whether the imperialists can long make head against both the foreigners and the rebels. They will have to come to terms either with one or the other, and it will be most pro- bably with the former, as involving least dan- ger to the existing dynasty. Inthe negotiations which such a disposition wDl lead to, American influence may againbe profitably employed. By acting as mediators we shall be enabled to increase and turn to account the good feeling which the Chinese authorities have alreadyby the Csf Catena*as Bank, certifying that allwhich has so often resounded with the utterances ef human lips and humanmerce; j e t through the miserable policy pur- cation and refinement-scbolars, gentlemen and sued towards that republic, and oar want of statesmen of large experience. In their hands communication with her ports, she has been the government would command confidence at•pot closed dull on the Mate of Xltfc. a UJie. for mld-••:;;.,.: '-.<••.,•:-'-,+ . ^mmKEW YORK BttfAbr TteiuY, v JTfcE;m: iwffl|!6 Edwai*^ Everett art various parties on the subject, all of whom cora- without the craft of a candidate in nomination Although to ail appearance disconnected, the of fourth rMe villageat bywith closed doors. Mr. Valentine, the clerk, in- ance and mercy towards each other! No. Ht-formed us, however, that no subject of any interest self adopted phrase for the denomination of hi* Prussia and the other German Powers com-a pirate under sentence of death, who is to beexecuted in Jnly beyond all possible doubttions with regard to a purely religious tostita- tion like the S*bba*h; or it must be decided whether the Sabbath is a civil or a religious In -came up at the meeting. theme to "the barbarism of slavery;" and all pelled by their attitude the patching up of a The Board of Aldermen did not orgwise last bis learning, memory, wit, eloquence and peace at Villafranca, we should undoubtedlyAninquestWMheldatHobokenyesterdayonthe for be claims that this aggression upon the plethemselves,fresheffortsweremadebyFrancebody of Mrs. Josephine ROM Hughes, who died under sin asaetaaoM leading to a belief that her death had been caused by an attempt at abor- tion. The evidence on the inqaeet, however, did not warrant that presumption, M the jury render, ed a verdict that she died from inflammation andulceration of the womb and intestines. Mrs. principle of self-government—is a "sacred doubtful whether Central Italy and the Ro- Hughes left her husband some time ago, and at animosity;" and, like them, he proclaim* that it magna would be in the position which they the period of her death WM living with a Mr. must be fanned and urged on until the theories occupy to-day. There is but little doubt that Waffler.Among the politicians the death penal-ty b a favorite method for the removal stitution M It U known and tsoognlaed la tornevening tor want of a quorum, there being but five logic are directed to heighten and embitter themembers present. The members had been pre- brutal and bloody conflict which Lincoln andviously engaged for two hours in the Board of Seward have proclaimed against the social ex-Health. A special call WM immediately made for istence of fifteen of the sovereign Statea of this settled. During the events that followed, and in Thursday next. Union. But he goes farther even than these, which the initiative was taken by the Italian peo-wfi leave ta* port ti day, at aooa. far AaptawailIk* saaue aw Oattferaie eae MM pans or Ue Paaaci at tkAif past tea o clock lata asoritagcoo** ia «reppera, natfy lor aultlBg, rti earn«U1 B*«M MM la th*tr orders u early M pot- have been obliged to take Southern trips to resusci- the homes of brothers, desolation spread proved more than a match for the diplomatic•AILS FOB EUROPE« • » Taw* HavsVThe Canard nail «*e*a»Mp Pereia, Capt Judkiua, wiU I peremptorflr ordered an adjournment of his branchU«f• tha port ta awrr*w for Liverpool. of the court, at the same time directing that the Tfea MMla 'or fxrope wiB Mw la tbis city at a*uarter Sheriff should provide suitable accommodation be-nion's sake. No man can assert that the South inflicts, or desires to inflict, one single positiveNorthern Italy being to all appearance set-aafara wtti a'ctoo* to morrow atorniag.TMk w u i *m<* * «» H * ^ ^ M P*klHkMtlaq»rur past seven o'ata* *a to* momlag. Oaglaa•!>,,.«.W*• • w t .fore Thursday next, M the Supervisors had failed to do so. Chief Justice Bosworth, who was presiding in the other branch, was acconr modatedwithaloanoftheSupremeCourtCircuit room for a couple of days, and made a similar order on the Sheriff, under the statute. Sheriff Kelly immediately proceeded in search of rooms.The insurrection in Sicily luckily broke out not, so far, shown any sign of 'vitality. The in time to prevent matters relapsing into a battle is not yet begun. Every one is waitingin the shape of a nuisance or a violation of the peace can be prevented by indictment, because these are crimes under the common law, or are madesuchbystatute;butthequestiontawhether any Legislature has a right to make that act a crime on the first day of the week which is within the law on any other day, simply be- cause, in the opinion of some people, that dayhas been constituted a religious festival.We should like to know in what clause of toe constitution any authority can be found tor legislation of that character. The constitution of this State, like toe federal constitution, in- hibits all legislative interference with the free- dom of religion; and, looking upon the observ- ance of the Sabbath, upon any one day of the week, as a purely religious matter—as it ta ac- knowledged to be by all sects, whether of Christians, Jews or Mormons, who recogatae a Sabbath at all—we can hardly perceive where the power lies to eaact a Sunday law like the one at present in existence.One of the moat terrific tornedoM that baa erervisited the Weatern States occurred on Sunday Now this is not only mean and contemptible, thata fresh impulse from the expedition of Gari- baldi, who, notwithstanding the openness of bis preparations, is allowed to leave the port of Genoa with a couple of thousand volun- teers, well supplied with arms and money. Where the latter came from may be, by-and- by, a subject of Inquiry, when the history of these movements comes to be written. We merely call attention to the fact that a couple of days before his departure he changed at the Bank of Genoa three millions of francs in French notes, which were certainly not the product of the English or Sardinian subscrip- tions.Almost concurrently with these events in the south of Europe, we hear of Prince Gortschakoff callirg a meeting of the corps diplomatique at S t Petersburg, and laying before them formal complaints against the Porte for neglect to en- force the provisions of the treaty of 1856, se- curing protection to its Christian subjects. He demands that a congress should be convened to settle this question definitively, and in the meanwhile orders are issued to place the Rus- sian army on a war footing, and to concentrate troops upon the Pruth. About the same time Count Lavalette, a name of evil omen in con- nection with this dispute, is instructed to make similar remonstrances on the part of France at Constantinople. Then comes the report of a treatyhavingbeensignedbyFranceandRus- sia, binding them to united action on the sub- ject—this being after all but a formal ratifica- tion of the understanding which has so long existed between them in reference to i tthey will take the field. So far as we can ascertain, the split in the party made by the Douglas men at Charleston has been widened during the past month. This fact places Mr. Douglas in the position of a political culprit under sentence of death, to be executed on or before the 20th of June. As he goes to the block In good company, he cannot complalo. His followers can mingle their tears with those of the admirers of Mr. Seward, whose case is even worse than that of the Senator from Illi- nois.Mr. Dickinson or General Lane would run well ship, without discrimination or preference, shall In the North, and they are both exceedingly forever be allowed in this State to all mankind;evening lest It appears to have taken nearly aneasterly course, from the Mississippi to Rock river,levelling everything in its way for a breadth ofhalf a mile to the ground. Ita ravages were severest censure upon the Supervisors.our highest State courts should be compelled to ambulate from day to day in search of a place to transact their business, but it is a reason for theattended with great lees of life. Sixty According to the City Inspector's report, thereserenes are eatd to hare been killed and were 367 deaths in the city during the past week, in getting possession of the federal govern-a great number Mverely wounded. The a decrease of 55 as compared with the mortality of ment are kept carefully out of view. John tornado commenced at Clinton, Iowa, at half pant the week previous, and 10 more than occurred Brown's practice is taught; but there is no word aaran o'clock to the evening. The towns of Ca- during the corresponding week tost year. The re- of John Brown. The social condition of fif- maache. Iowa, and Albany, Illinois, on opposite capitulation table gives 2 deaths of diseases of the teen populous, rich and powerful States tides of the river, and five miles south of Clinton, nones, joints, 4 c , 76 of the brain and nerves, 3 of is to be revolutionized; but not a ware completely demolished. The telegraph lines the generative organs, 13 of the heart and blood hint of the possibility of resistance wast of the Mississippi being down it could vessels, 116 of the lungs, throat, Ac, 4 of old age, on their part, or of the reactive effect of such not to be ascertained how far the ravage* of the 60 of diseases of the akin and eruptive fevers, 5 resistance upon the aggressive North, is drop- tornado extended, nor the actual loss of life and stillborn sad premature births, 45 of diseases of theproperty. Elsewhere will be found u detailed a stomach, bowels and other digestive organs, 39 of ped. This "irrepressible conflict," this "sacredreport M coeld be obtained by telegraph, and uncertain seat and general fevers, 2 of diseases of animosity," is to be pursued to its bitter end,giving the names of many of the killed and the urinary organs, 2 from unknown causes, and without the supposition of a single sacrifice orwounded.after the transaction of some unimportant busLneat in the Senate yesterday, the Kansas bill was taken up and the subject elaborately discussed by Mr. Sumner. A resolution of inquiry into the ar.the Senate's amendment to the Deficiency bill,stri- and active, while prices ware without saawM af mcmianL federal courts, presided over by abolition king out the proviso for the restoration of suspended Owing to greater MM ta freights, there WM some inquiry judges, and protected, and their decrees enThe leaders of the party, who look for suc-cess as the first thing to be considered, willhave no time to waste in vain regrets overthe dead bodies of politicians, howsoeverprominent they have been. The attention otthe democracy is just now directed to thehostile attitude of the South, and the considera-tion of the means which should be adopted toconciliate the voters in that section of thecountry, and at the same time secure the con-servative support in the great Central States. and enjoyment of religious profession and wor-righto of the South—this attempt to enforceupon other communities, not analogous loan/one circumstance of their existence, socialforma and laws Indigenous to a totally ditf*rest state of society—this utter negation of the sued. Had they succeeded even thus for, it isof his friends at Chicago. It was in this way that the Albany Regency —Confidence Caasidy k Co.—betrayed Governor Wise for twenty pieces of silver and sent him to his political tomb When the Charleston Convention came togeth- er, the Regency resolved upon a large number of executions, and they proceeded to kill off Guthrie, Breckinridge, and several other aspi- rants. Among others, they attempted to exe-servance in any shape. For example, the Jews and the Seventh Day Baptists hold that Saturday. the seventh day, Is property .the Sabbath, end they so observe it, according to the practices ef their several religions. Again, the Catholics, many sects among the Germans, and other religious communities, do not regard <he obser- vance of Sunday from the exclusive Puritan point of view. In fact those who do form but a small portion of our metropolitan community; but while this portion, be it greatThe want of accommodation for the Supreme "shall be installed everywhere under the na- (he Duchies could she by doing so have madeCourt of this city has long been a disgrace, and a constant cause of outcry against the authorities with whom it rests to provide suitable halls for the administration of justice. Sinee the burning ofand 27 frem violent causes. The nativity tablegives 242 natives of the United States, 70 of Ire- Mr. Sumner adopts, in all its consequences, the land, 34 of Germany, 3 of Scotland, 4 of England, sophistical and illusive theory of Spooner.and the balance of various foreign countries. The meaning of the constitution is suddenly to The amies of cotton yesterday embraced about 2,000 be wrested from that harmonious interpreta- baes, 1400 of which were sold In tranatt. Lois on the tion which has given us so marvellous aIrest of Father Lanaa, aa Italian patriot, while onboard an American Teasel at Palermo, n i adopted.The House r u principally occupied with the con- dttsg uplands. Grades below middling ware heavy and career of individual happiness and national sideration of postal anaira, and non-con jurred with irregular. The market for Hour was some leas buoyant greatness. Federal laws, administered bypopular in the South, where the soothing system must be adopted. To insure success, the democracy must have the entire electoral vote of the South, and one or two of the doubt- ful States in the North, But such is the dis- gustofthemassesatthecorruptionand chicanery which exist in the republican ranks, that a popular democrat like Lane or Dickin- son, might sweep the Union from Maine to Cali- fornia. The people want a fresh name, a clean record, and they will do the work The Balti- more Convention meets with heavy responsi- bilities. A new man must be selected. Lane or Dickinson would be acceptable to the South, and highly popular at the North. If anything like common sense still exists among the demo, cratic leaders, one of the gentlemen above named will be selected as the standard bearer of the party during the coming struggle.and no person shall be rendered incompetent o be a witness on account of his opinions on matters of religious belief; but the liberty of conscience hereby secured shall not be 10 construed as to excuse acts of licentiousness. orjustifypracticesinconsistentwiththepeaceor safety of this State." Is it an act of licentious-ness, or a practice inconsistent with the peace or safety of the State, to vend and drink lager beer on the first day of the week, any more than en the la«t or to perform and listen to music and song? If any licentiousness or any practices calculated to Involve a breach of the peace should arise, the remedy ta at baud, if the police and other authorities do their duty, by arrest and indictment at common law.There is no authority, either in the Bible, un- der the Christian dispensation, or in the consti- tution, for the observance of a Sabbath at all; and, as we know many sects differ between Saturday and Sunday as to which to observe, any compulsion exercised in the matter would be an act of oppression to one or other of these sects, and a direct interference with the 'reli-:gious profession " to which the constitutionguarantees a free exercise "to all mankind.'' The constitutionality of this PuriUc enact- ment of the last Legislature, then - which wasno doubt got up for the purpose of coreiicg a multitude of sins—will, we presume, be tested in our courts for the first time on Friday, acd we consider the solution of the question a mil- ter of very grave importance.THE COVOPE COSTMITTEE—THK ADMIXI>TRA- TIOX AM> THE CALIFORNIA L A V P F E A T I * * . — While the Covode Committee is endeavoriag to prove all kinds of frauds and corruptions against the administration, in so futile and silly a fashion that it provokes the laughter and contempt of the whole community, the adminis- tration itself, it appears, has been most efficient- ly engaged in arresting frauds upon the go- vernment of a most stupendous nature: wit- ness the statement of the Attorney General re- lative tQ the California land claims, published exclusively id the HERALD of Sunday.Mr. Covode add the othef politicians are wasting time over the squabbles of We£4eU and a few printers from Washington and Phila- delphia about the spoils involved in printing blank forms, with which the administration hasnothing whatever to do, for it ta clearly a mat- ter which concerns the lobby leeches, and mat most miserable class, the pauper party editors, and no one else. Moreover, Mr. Covode and his political confreres of the Smelling Commit- tee have been egregiously humbugged by the Dunham letter, as all the country now knows,and there is very little doubt that a good deal more of the "testimony"' upon which they are raising such a clamor and fuss to just as greata humbug as Dunham's epistle. administration, which stands above the petty shocks of Covode and his witnesses, has been doing eminent service to the country by saving nearly a hundred and fifty millions of dollars through the vigorous exposure of the bogus California land claims. Even the black repub- lican journals are compelled to admit this foot and its importance, though they have not thegenerosity to accord the administration a word of commendation for i tThe public, however, are wise enough and just enough to appreciate the contrast between toe sham investigation of the Covode and other committees into the quarrels of awith free sales at full prices Pork WMfirm,but leas ac-tive;moderatesalesof newmessweremadeat$17 96a•18, and of new prime at $13 60. Sugars were steadyfor refining qualities, while good grocery grades were black republican argument It is an impos- inner, the sales embraced about 800 hhds., chiefly Cuba sibility. The South is united as one muscovado's; 2,000 boxes and 120 hhds. melado, oa man against this aggression of the terms given in another place. Ooflbs was quiet and sales North, while the North itself is di- limited. Freight engagements were comparatively light,vided. With the Buccess of the black republican party in its present attempt to seize upon the federal government would come the first blast of resistance from the South, which would be echoed from every hill and dale between the Delaware and the Rio Grande, and from the Atlantic to the Pacific shore. Fanaticism would then at once be hushed, and the voice of reason would prevail in the North- But repentance would come too late. Blows struck in fraternal strife are not like those given where indifference has preceded conflict Civil wars are not stopped by the efforts of diplomacy. Mr. Sumner's eloquence has there- fore come in good time to awaken the conser- vative, the judicious and the tolerant men of this country to the necessity of union and ac- tion against that fanaticism which, making ab- stract moral questions the ground of political rule, is hastening them to the abyss of revolu- tion and ruin. The issue now before the peo- ple is fairly made. Shall abolitionism be ex- alted and the Union destroyed, or shall the po- litical abolitionists be put down, and theto its brilliant promise in the future. Thetheory of self-government is here undergoing Union—the palladium of our liberties and ourhapptoess—be preserved?It will be admitted that this chain of circum-stances goes far to establish the presumptionthat the movements which are now agitatingEurope have a common origin, and that theyare of a far more serious character than anythat have occurred since the close of theItalian war. If France lends secretcountenance to the Sicilian insurrection, it iscertainly not with the intention of addingfurther to the territories of Sardinia. If shecontemplates putting a Murat on the throne ofthe Bourbons, she will be sternly opposed bythe Italian people and Great Britain. Sup-posing that she has no views in that direction,what are we to conclude from her reopeningthe Eastern question in concert with Russia?Is it for the purpose of producing complicationsthat will enable her to prosecute her designson the Rhenish provinces of Prussia? In what-ever aspect we regard her present movements,it is equally suggestive of danger to the peaceof Europe. It looks, in fact, as if Napoleonwere about to enter upon the construction of peremptorily declined, and the two govern-•bile rates, though easy, were without further change of importance.of national existence, the American Union has come to be one of the mighty Powers of the earth, and the thoughts of its statesmen, andgiven a new impulse and a new character to the ideas and labors of men in every part ofments. At the meeting to-morrow evening it I* understood the Grand Sachem will be chosen, and it ii said that Mr. John Kelly is to be the man. The "old war horse ' Pnrdy is to get the chairman- ship of the General Committee, and the balance of power will be preserved by making Kelly chief of the savages.A special meeting of the Commissioners of Emi-gration WM held on Saturday tost The Commisaioners passed a resolution requesting the Gover- erties and happiness of millions upon millions of all parties, and the miserable policy to with much more dignity than at presentthe test of practical working. Men's eyeseverj where are turned towards the brilliant,the meteoric path of this Union, in the attain-ment of national power and glory, and of indi-vidual prosperity and happiness. The hopes of the Mexican treaty by the joint vote ofsaid about the convention which placed Messrs. Bell and Everett in nomination, it cannot be denied that the delegates selected for both places on their ticket gentlemen who deserve well of their country. IT we had more men of the Bell and Everett stamp in office, the busi-they come to an understanding in regard to it, they will have to send out a much larger fleet than they have in China at present for a popu lation of four hundred millions of people is not to be conquered by a mere handful of men. I t w i l l b e s e e n b y t h e i r c o n - duct in this regard whether the views of the* two governments are likely to continue in harmony on pending Europeandifficulties.Should it be decided that an invasion of Chi-of peoples and of nations cling to its peacefuldemocratic and republican Senators furnishes a striking evidence of the utter disintegrationness of the government would be carried onand successful continuation, for the lives, lib-of future generations of men depend upon itsdemonstration of the great American theorythat self-governed communities, inhabiting un- six years—since poor Pierce and companynotice that some of the black republican jour-nals attempt to throw ridicule upon the ticket,opened up the nigger question—we have had, of races and people, of education and social in fact, no policy, or no government Theand thus divert public attention from the no-minees. This shows that the black republicans na is practicable under the circumstances, weadministration has no party in Congress, and onion. In one word, that the theory of self- hence the foreign affairs of the country areorganization, can exist and prosper in politicalgovernment is applicable under all the natural and accidental conditions that attend the nu- merous races inhabiting the earth, and which can no longer remain isolated from each other.In the developement of this mighty experi- ment—the success of which hitherto has aston- ished the civilised world, and confuted all theblack republican attacks, which, though writ- ten with apparent good humor, show signsthe wonder and the hope of the world, in civilson, which are exported to the amount of overthat "there is austere work to be done;" and of principle to secure her concurrence to a re-ern States.Therein lie the fallacy and the folly of theREJECTION OF THE MEXICAN TREATY—THE EFFECTS OF PARTISAN POLITICS.—The rejectionwhich the country has been reduced by the agitation of the slavery question. For the lastWhile this fact Is generally acknowledged, wewholly sacrificed to mere partisan politics andA v e r yable andstatesmanlikeletterin the House or in the Senate to uphold theaction of the administration, this Mexican ques-tion would have been setttled long ago, and of latent rancor and concealed appre- we would be now in the enjoyment of the im- hension. It is quite true that it cannot mense commerce of Mexico, which presents a be said of Mr. Bell or Mr. Everett that either ofetwmetts Point. Two members of the old theories of government—a qoestion fraught richer mine than California. Mexico, with her them kept a grocery, or distilled whiskey, or retiring has. with intolerance towards men, communities eight millions of people, offers a splendid was judge of a fist fight or a horse race, or thateither of them ever split rails, which seem to "•"'"""Ite. future be to by fanatics and demagogues, and to-day manufacture In the United States; the wealth be Mr. Lincoln's only points. Otherwise, ho w-^>»*m-^aai 5 Z ' """* 'Jmdeponfoe and noes has been fanned into life market for nearly every Item of product andMeantime the•.to tow threatens to involve this confederation, which Isrett have largely the advantage of their oppo- anarchytaduniversal ruin. Inthat fiftymillionsayear,arewantingtoourcom- nents. Theformeraremenofcultivation,edu-of her mines, and the tropical produce of herevpr, we are obliged to say that Bell and Eve-*y* Mr. Sumner steads forth the personifi- wholly lost to us. and her commercial advan home and respect abroad. In all that consti- ^ « * « o f a great and a free State, and the re- teges transferred to England and other nations tutee fitness for the discharge of the duties ofITna^?!!^ °f -*****"^Powerftl1Politf- The rejection of the McLane treaty by the toe executive branch of the government there «Mlfcstod towardsus. It is not at all impro-tidsBeof the sovereign States of Senate committee, through some miserable Is no comparison between Bell and Everett bable that the first Chinese ntisanon sent abroad the philosophical motive or other, has still farther postponed toe and Lincoln and Hamlin, so vastly superior are wm be, lite that of Japan, despatched to theI"»MWcian*'WUh°Ut"*caQtioa"f*"1enjoymentofmutualcommercialbenefitswith toeformer. Itarguesbadlytorrepublicaninstitutions when such men aa John Bell and'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069country that has known best how to deal with the prejudices of these exclusive and jealous*• bonesty of Lincoln that country.Untitled Documentl i v e seen matters pushed to a point which nothing but a European Congress and a redis- tribution of continental territory could havegrown to be of too much importance to begenerally acceptable to the country. We donot, as in some of the South American States,absolutely put to death all the unsuccessfulcandidates for the Presidency, but we committhem to political extinction, and decree, inThere is nothing In the constitotioo coapell ingcititens to observe the first day of the week, or the last day, in any particular fashion; and M regards the sacredaess of the flsbhath, fata very well known that different sects In the commu- nityviewthatpointtovariouslights,andhave different opinions even as to the precise dayand Russia to bring about the assembling of a Conference. They each hoped to advance In part by it the schemes which they had counted upon fully carrying out had a general war en-foot, their official decease. It was in this waythat Mr. Seward was executed in the wigwam in the week whie* should be est apart for ob-tional government." After the fashion of the a wider breach in the treaties of 1815, whilstself-appointed saints of the earth, he tells us Russia would have made almost any concession cute Mr. Daniel S. Dickinson, but that popularstatesman succeeded in giving the Regency theTee MU) BW»—fcl» Kartaera light, Oapt Tmkl*p*«gn, the old building in the Park, no effort has been we well know what such language in the vision of those of 1856. The independent ac- slip, and is now a candidate before the Balti- or small, has a perfect right tomouths of such men means. It means carnage tion of the Italian populations, however, de- more Convention. He and Gen. Joseph Lauestand more prominently before the country than any other democratic candidates who have been named in connection with the Presi- dency.The opening of the Baltimore Convention isreally the beginning of the Presidential cam paign. The Union nominations have beea well received by the people, but have createdobserve toe Sabbath in its own way, ft hat no right to ccmpel others to adopt its opinions or to act in accordance with them. Oan toe Legislature compel the Jews to close their stores on Sunday, or can it compel people of any per. suasion to desist from manual labor oa that day? It certaic'y caa never accomplish either; neither, we opine, can it prevent the sale ef lager beer, or confectionery, or the perform• anoe of a concert at the Academy of Matic ormade to afford suitable rooms for the SuperiorCourt. Some of our judges have died from theimpure atmosphere ar>d close confinement; others ping with fraternal gore, torches put to Their firmness, moderation and patriotismtate their shattered constitutions; all owing to over happy and prosperous States, for opi-skill and cunning opposed to them.and the flames of war. It means swords drip- feated for the time all these deeply laid plans.the indolence of Supervisors, or the wellknown system of waiting for a cogent "motive" tomove in the affair. Yesterday, however, Judge injury upon the North. Every man admits tled by its own independent will, and withoutMoDcrief made a decided move in the matter, and that our fraternal relations with the Southern the necessity of the sanction of a Congress, theStates are productive of unmixed benefit to us and to ours; and yet Lincoln and Seward in- cite the North to an "irrepressible conflict" with the South; and now comes another mighty leader among the black republicans, and pro- claimsittobea"sacredanimosity."This is the burthen of Mr. Sumner's elo- quence, and we need not enter upon its de- tails. But there is one characteristic of this speech which is in perfect accordance with the policy of the black republican party in the present campaign. The bloody and terrible results which must ensue if that party succeedsFrench and Russian emperors saw the resultsof their secret agreement indefinitely postponed no enthusiasm. The Chicago candidates have elsewhere on Sunday. It ta true that everythinga single danger to the conquering aggressor.What says the State constitution on the question of religious liberty? Article one, section three, declares:—" The free exerciseto see what the democratic hosts will do—in languishingandthreateningtodieoutreceives whatorder,andunderwhatbannerorbanners,quietude unfavorable to their views. ThisBELL AND EVERETT—GROANS OF THE BLACKREPUBLICAN PRESS.—Whatever else may be culty, and to separate their interests. Should:of a dangerous rival, or a statesmen who has country.m m^nmnmm'Ki -M)'organs' >.,;-,. '.•**-;•!.;:. .; www.fultonhistory.com 