 ». -r'okmmiPablleOmreeriof the hour, and re-^rt^rp^u'l^e-aTr^H^'..1^ « Pri»« Minirter to the King ofpnbUe oppoaentafleeceoftlie(KMnhef^a.'WlUlaatura, astta ^.e«Bow the Democratic by maywith great severity;recompensedfor itcoanael,when he was one of the mostMONETAHY AFFAIRS.Now, when the purpoees of the Empe- theyand promisedandha1858. TheThecaadldate be defeated T resolves Itself, therefore, al- Implylagtbatthai iBoet oertalniy into the guestioB, How can he be de- carnlogonlTfeated In both tbaae States t rortoaately they are al- ready, and have been for the last two. years, opposeddividedanddefeatedthemselvesIn1856 thefrmu- bytual suspicions aad dlstnutof each ethert caaA- dates. Relieved since that time of tfaeee eaoaei ar?*^j^^"S^iio* beginMod. luid are »««» t" •>• »nb«tantially in tgrve-for the salvation of total acres to wheat for 1650 was ti\,VH, aad sownnie great qneations of State policy which con-eem the entire people af this Tenitory seeai to giveplace in onr Legislature to the all-abaothbig subjectto be more corwctly onder- the policy of the Bardiiian Miniatry be-barley, 1M,18<. In 1858 there were 130,027 aeraa lawheat andThere arrived at tUs port during 1850, 18,183 paa-to tbe3,182 from ChlBB. During the same twelve months, from all who may stgnlfy a desire far sack aeUoa These who now constitute this united Opposltian^ment^wUhfareibe war, nothingtain of Count Cayous to his appropriate and Im- Bortaat position. Tlia regeneration of Italy had,176,340 In bariey.conceded that he haa ever used it for the of aengeri, of which 26,907 were from Paauna, sadtrwonsls of jusUee moat be^e judgmeat dlsmliaiag tM ~—rjilalat toC•»"renewofa. .-'iVSf H!^!'**"*.' 1TM,h•fo"^degree.ftiMtda of Italian Independence.facta la tbe caae ban beea ftcquatlyis more natural than the re-has a great love of power;yetit is asgenerally goodofgranting divorces. To remove the hymenlal yokeaad by deddad mvoritlea.nai«ti*io.Itshim,gtale progress chiefly through the counsel and in-beginningedness, and the noblenesa of the private life of the The gala of population to the State through Saa greatleaderintheCouncilsofYiotobExAjnru Franciscowas13,402.of their Idu- am warranteditamee of this great statesman. His return to n. power, Iherafon, glvei great satisfiiction to all'^ooBtCAXlUJt DS CATOTmwasbom at Turinensuspectlng yoke-mateia thaStates,'tlik aad a thorough education, he early gave him- mUtothestudyofpoliticaleconomy. AUprofes-rioas being open to him by reason of tils social ritton, he prefened to devote himself for a time to geMtal stndy and obtenration, and, after somej^aw paaMdin service as an officer of engineers, -k0VBV# vp bis eommisaion.- fl« (hen took np his residence alternately in0B and Ebgiaiid, endeavoring to enter into theports,196 fromforeign ports,IIshipsonTniBB, and are raadUar to aU.der therein. The jndgaHBt ef Jiiiwiwidely different,ex-of the two societies so( the woiXing of their political institutions,history nolh- known, except the'^ statements of the man who desires to be divorced. Yesterday, aootber wasgentleman In this city who has l>een married severalShall men thus uUted by common principles andmaybe entered.•d of his own tutting alwaysstltuting the minority of the and entitled on people,country, till then M te behind them in so many respects. He ap-that account to the control of the Government, shallBvrxsx* couv—oHimiML BoBHKT 3.— White va. fE^iooot^Fftmirection, {It Risorgimento,) in which the principles enbuUdlngs kindling,In the most beautiful state ofPInmado to Eliza J. Oldfield.In Stockton, Jan. 17, George A. Hanson to Mariaand washatred, which even in Pied-protection of our Territory, it is necessary that theaftercopiedfinally promised that if she would take the case out of Court and carry it into the Legislature, where she could get a bill without any public exposure of Um,po-Dlaaehrethebjaneden Caae—Ina alteration oa a iiiBBllli.faiiiaL If dtaaiaaai|«p»-^ ever, an order for resettlcaaeat oa oae da^ aMaaa mostmont succeeded in stigmatizing him as anti-nation. of the week.al, and depriving him of much of that popularity Our Califomla-bullt United States steamship Sagi- acquired by his former conduct and writings. At Hate has been out to sea on a four days' trial trip, the election of Chamber af Deputies in January, tasted some rough weather, and came In again In assagacious,byprofound1819, bis party abandoned himafter the disasters of the battle>of Novara that the wisdom of his predictions and of his opinions was clearly manifest, and he took his seat again to hold it with increasing power to the end of the late war.attemptinterests and passions was at hand, in which tlm Italian question would be singularly comproaiised, if not lost sight of altogether.State Committees iscomotonltes reiterated their attachment to the Cincin- First—Because the Island is c/«ar/y ours under a fair her refusal to comply, he used the most violent and Party in- these States has never been beaten except nati Platform, their protestations ajainst the heresies construction of the treaty. abusive language to her, and threatened to drive her by the united Opposition. We feel, however, that theof making progress in a condition ofthe most skillful financiers had declaredate.In 1852 he withdrew from the Cabinet of thethe corps of engineers and explorers, touctilng the country between Walla-W alia and the Cosurd'Aleoeof K. d'Aziolio. He was theprotesting against any change by" honest young man. His age was 22, and he leaves tlrsofthe first upon the usual trusts for tbe ben- part,who was at the time wants of the country.to theand thetary department of shall be Oregonmergedton earlyof the steamer Chippe^m*, belonging to those enter- in the of St. Louis, the Messrs. CaoD- puteadaptedKingother department.Mount Baker has beenwe must still this act as regardamong the creditors.This assignmeat was signed with tlie nartneraUpCount Catottx succeeded invinda of the people of Piedmont from thoughtsregu-name andwal, and by Williamof them a taste of well- i«Tolation,by givingNaval latelllceaeetFeb.It has not yet been aacertained the amount ef re-pairs the sloop-of-war Jamestown will require, but as;qnence to the accomplishment of just reforms, ofwisely progressive ideas, particularly on the sub- ing Col. Baxxs, who goes up to Oregon sooa, andproved, and Is still the law of the landthem thefr aad cooperatioB,jectof Ecclesiasticalprivileges.He soon may be heard from at Washington at aa early day re- acquired presenting that region, so famous for its fine apples.such an influence in the Chamber of Deputies that Our Senator Fsacbt Is moving resolutions in thein August, 1850.to the functions of Minister of Agriculture andtrade, the triumph of which, owing to warm and persistent adversaries, is not yet realized. At the Muae time he undertook to restore order and regu-mittee was hanging the rogues in San Francisco proper authorities to revoke the odious military order in a day or two. I see you say in the Tuus of the the country a safe deliverance from tbe hands of theplacing San Juan Island (a portion of Whatcom 10th inst: " We have always condemned these Per- dominant party.— JAMES T. SHERMAN, Chairman. tryiug again, as usual, to get a bill through paying Rttoived, That we have the fullest confidence that sonal Liberty bills as frivolous aad useless neither E. H. GSAirnis, Sesretary.Commerce that of Minister of entered Finance,faster than the law could interpose to save them, areCouncil,tha King,are Lieuts. Waiix, Lros and Howabd. The road Isthings whichand apprehensiononly statesmanin theThe news of the successful arrival at Fort Benton no family. While hone tUeves are la very low re- efit of ci editors. The assignmrnt created pteferoiceswithdrawingof Dec. 3, starUedand anumg tbMim w»i|g ImjiHeif of!fetli ^after washlag, —^•fli u pe—ds. Uncefhxn axtiaBe parties; and this hasbeen oftheState,thoughnot qolte eeraplala, are asS-GreiU Sash IkrwUeh are ther'W'.Brewa—StawaiTmmiFiTheyhaldl "tweeai ofthetaaia*o(theoaMta; AM•»'> Mad dw AaaoelaitaB Is Ihallat I paeeB,dailB«thedara«iiaarAe faction. Hehiaglory. Beforethelatewar,theItalian.The AtaasBors' returns flnra the vadoos CeoaOas—Jtaif ^were developed and popularized with a from the engines stayed the ravages—not, howevsr, Hennessey.Mkt"oftfaat beautiful book of Balbo The Hnpet of foremigrated to Kansas chiefly to escape a legal Investigation of thefr marital rela-IfesL iH',"—wise, buttions In the proper courts, as it is always prenaiud one practical solution of the questioa, and Part IL-Km. 41S, 484, 460, 1S4, gli. Ml, Ml,!power and logic altogether new and attractive. Itafian independence, internal reforms, the union of Italian Princes against for)>igner8, and the fede- ratioB of the different States, were the subjects dis- cnaaed in this journal, which had a most powerful iBflaence on the opening of the campaign against Anstria in Uarch, 1848.nmragh ttiis journal the sentiments of Countuntil some (29,000 damage dlary started it.bad been done. An Incea-In Aubnro, Jan. 18. bv Rev. Br. Feck, of San Frsa- that new bodies in the Territories areveryCoHBCB Fiau-t'Oeaeral T era. ' -^^Thb PmLADKLTEIA Uatobaltt.dinia. Unhappilydency. They believe, also, that the same elements of That desire ts oachaaged;hot laviewhoed even withof absolute;butrefused,oflTeredand New-hdlAnaktaine^li poaitloa at eqtul &•,N.l, Dee. •,1699. tteliSlnBt degree proba-inces expected deliveranceonly throughprov- barley crape of the past year. The average yield ef; ii iiundentood hia waa to them the man their common country.pa>«ar, aightatea i cent porcbaser: bat ffhatOMihaplanshis actiona ;average of nearly 20 bushels to the acre InLawBaaoi, Thorsday,Feb.16,1860.Jeraey.qnestloa,It is generally aaid that th's eminent statesmanhiscountry. Hiapolitical enemiesevealieartes-with and has timony to the beautiful character, the disinterest- were for Panama and the East, aad 2,711 for China.FROn CAI.IFOKMIA.IbeUtbof July, 1809. With good natural abili- Bfaaieal Hall Boraed Dowb—The CblMisa voyages, and 141 fbrefgn vessels from forelga ports.has caused tbem to coalesce in one naited, powerfuland successful opposltlos to the Federal Admhilstra-tlor—to its Intense secttonaUBm asd neglect of na- Joatioe Boemrr aow aekee the (oDowte >-Hew-Tear—Saceeae ef the Valted State* BteaawrBactamw^-JadseKeAUIaterKe-—to Itsof and ex- aggrandlxingoftheiTlhBtatlatle*> &e.> dee. C^rrtfomUKee a/ tkt Una- Ytyrk Tima.[BT svaaLAirD maxi.]aiif Faunnsoo, Cat., Monday, Jan. 23, I860.If the San Francisco Fire Department were not worthy of the Ugh praises awarded it, and U there bad been a Summer wind blowing last night, yoarple*,andabandonedtheold of gevenunental policy.constitutional princi- reasoa whyOe oOoa ef a^ipaalflM to Italy his knowledge as soon as acquired ;wiA One rMnarkabl* articles which he published onthe gnat question of Italian railways, are still Ing. A fire broke out about 1 e'clock this noralng, At Orleans Fist, Devada eoBsty, Jan. 3, Geo. Hetd to In the SUtea.In other words, shall they repeat in 1860 thedisasfrous error of 1856? Shall they turn fiiefr to renew.correspoDdentwhen,time, theyhave wives still gainto abide event of atm, and wlthont prejodioe to Iwould have been homeless this aiom-at the sameHow much these affianced parties willity ?«dl Mnembered in Paris. on Montgomery-street, and Instantly several dry Betoniing to Piedmont, where he associated wooden buildings, were In a blaze. The very popu- UuMlfwithBALBO, AincRi, d'Azxguo, a con- lar lectnre-roOB, Musical Hall, wUch has beea occa- taUation of eminent men who commenced the pied ahaoat every night this Winter, caught, aad la a inovament of the national revival, Count Catoitk few minutes Its roof bad tumbled to the floor. At this estabUalied in 1817 a journal called 7^e Resur- time the fire was hemmed in on three sides by wood-preparatianbut the flood of water that poured la Betcherer.At Genoa, Carson Valley, Jan. 7, Alfred Jamts to Julia— I^uilic School— ofand not more candidates each professing, perhaps, nearly Efitcopal VMpatt Beieree cThe Chinese New-Year opened yesterday, aad bravely the ^Ig-tails celeDrated It, afler their oddFire crackers are snapping and cracklag oa every side, aad there Is a Fourth of July odor la theconspicuous.Isstyle.air.Timothy Hunt,conseat to bea caatOdate forYesterday afternoon. It being the Christian Sab-At San Ju>t>,Honc«rev County, Jan. II, formerly of St. 1.oals, Mo.GDreLBHzBon Saturday last, that I weoU mnsial _Catoux, on various subjects, were elucidated and bath, some complaint was made of the noise. The In Eureka, Jan. 6. Lixxle, youngest daughter of Mr. as office that he clerk,Opposition in New-Jersey. It has been found, by my name for renomlnatlaa to the HfonUrthe revolution broke out in all ItalyexceptSar- past midnight, when they recommenced with la-The Saa Joaa CoBtreTersy. BISOLimOnB ADOmC BT TEX LXaiSLATIIBB or WA8HIN0T0K TEBKTTOBT.BaowH was so thoroughly convinced of this, (but nocould the State an acarry Democratbiyc canodviedrawtheelmingthemajority and declined again being «««~iM-ttagainst any for Pred- since repeated sncfa inteuiOB as oecatfoncreasedvigor. ThePaganchurchesarenowthrown "moresothan-Tr>-v.--..clently so to eaable us to eatlmats the wheat aadHBa«. him wheat In 1858 was \<iH bushels to the acre, agalast aa MBIp diiiis ff «W ir«»r«rt Timm.DbabSn:It ia inblethattbenextPreiMentlalelectionwilldid the last, oa the votes of Pennsylvaaia aad New- opofwcearR,ylagotateaa; ihBtaaet exe._there left our port a total of 24,781, of wUch 19,039 within thela not seope practicethus^,The wholeThere arrived hers1859, In 5S$,631^S%duringall,tons. Oftfaiut.—This Is the caae InvelTtaa ttethe ColoMley tt the Tveatrftnt BaKbHa^Ctoof anvessels 1,363 were American vessels from domestichere, jutt at Uu tmt the ofaggregate tonnageofthfs^uuitm, leariogerwex.At SI Dorado, Jan. 16, A. A Tan ToorUes to HattisWadsworth.At £1 Dorado, Jan. 16, KIcbaid Klene to Klizabeth particle of testimony for the defence in any case.gerous schemes and measures, but each distrusted by the supporters of the other, the one for fear tliat he may transcend and violate, the other for fear that he may fall short of the firm and full ofbut onethat is by nominating as a candidate for the 244. '.•?ItoBier.At Reservoir Rill, Placer county, Jan. U, Francis H.The moral standard of Kansas society is not to be judged solely by these proceedings. For It is plain tomaintaining those principles of Freedom, which, wittds thefr cos- stltutional limitations, are the cherished principles ofcijco, Ker. J. D. Blain, of Sacramento, to Miss Caroline M.Tuttle.In Kureiia, Jan. 1, Prior Davis to ICarv Creighton.In Colusa. Jan It, John Woltsklll, of Putah, to Susanlegislativelax in reference to that subject.Presidency a statesman whose devoUon to these con-Cooper,foOawlag leflaetfaia :Bear Klver.leave so to deubt that he groundsall he lieve that Mr. Dattos possesses the affection, res- writing from some of I myfellow-altiaeaa,of Colusa.BT, of PUladelpUa, has made thea request from eltlBeas of Phlladelffaia AatIn Sacramento, Jan. U, Sarah, wife of aged 47 years.In Sacramento, Jan. 18, J. P. BIttx.opposetheDBITBS.editor of the late Heraldtorious among ua that, for a year or more, hia conducthas been such as to lead Mrs. Baowa to distrust hisfidelity,andattimesthemostpositiveevidencewas TheissuingofthiscfrcularisbutoneofmanyiUus-trations of the confidence reposed in hira by ail tlie'._practicedpreached on his idol BUbject of Free-Loveism. Mrs. pect and confidence of tbe united Oppoaitioo, and by letter my hearty desire ta withdraw—PBn.AHatraiA, Taeelay,Skidmore,:and didhospitality and unbounded good humor, are the order ient access, which would not l>e the case were It re- complaining that all the papers of the country had fenders, In the United States Senate, of constitutionaldays,andvisiting, exchangingcards andconspicuous, frusted, conservative and moderate, but firm de-— orders under which an and it was only good condition as she started, now give us a chance taryciently self-confident to fancy we can make one that will do us credit and Uncle Sam good service.;brought uponus no calamity which he did notforesee,of the Judge McAllisteb, of the United States Circuit troopsprotecting emigration bywanted the work recommenced on itfrom the we have a few more North,what followed the wreck of the steamer iVar(t«m«r, near the entrance of Humboldt Bay. Only lumber enough could he had to make coffins for Miss Gxsoo,that ever entered the field. Much information of a tspograpldcal and useful character has keen obtainedshort these. Gcreaii had purchased a farm, glvlag notes and mortgages to Us creditor. The times be-an action lately argued before the General Term of the Superior Court on appeal from a judgment dis- missing the complainthe left she tookpresents, bead-quarteis of the Department should be of conven- tion. A few weeks after Baows returned la a rage,wasto construct a first-class war steamer. We are saffi- clude our citizens from portions of our Territory,moved to the State of California ; andWhereoM, Gen. HASifir, in ills official acts, widle inagainof the Government He will need to make no newcommandofthisMilitary Department—byprotectingnor professions promises.The Govenmient has en-us from Indians, domestic and forelim securing ;and maintaining peace, by revoking those tmlawfnl mili-wldch, under the laws, were open to settlement opening communications between difierent pordonsas would sadsfy her.as woman will everafter the most extreme abuse. Tie Slates have no constitutional rights or in-Court, has driven the town and the State into mourn- as unquestionably American soil as any other portion went through with oidy one negative vote, and the The glory, the prosperity, the Industry and the free of our Territory ; for the protection of .American set- institutions of the natioB, he had, on ail proper occa- ing by his decision in the New-Almaden Quicksilver tlers against foreign Indians, and against attempted Governor immediately signed it Some of the Demo- sions, defended, protected and endeavored to pro- of the people, securing for them the highest prac- Mine case, refusing to dissolve the liytmction. This acts of foreign jurisdiction-lias deserved and se- crats were unwilling to vote for the bill, or pretended mote, exalt and perpetuate. His record will show ticable liberty, soothing the wounds of two unhap- Issue of a case which has been before the Court for cured the entire confidence of the people of this Ter- to be, tmtll the evidence had been heard. To gratify him to have been, at all times, faitiiful to American interests, and to those conservative but free princi- wUch tbe Fathers of the cherished andHe immediately devoted himself to the interestsritory. Therefore, be it py wars, and reorganizing Piedmont for the great months, and wherein the testimony taken can only be Resolved, I. Ttiat thethem, a secret session was held, with closed doors,conflict which would sooner or later determine the measured by the bushel, was unexrected. The the Territory of Washington, earnestly and respect- and in that condition they began to read the letters, thereby consecrated. It is not true that thefr ctiildren destinies of Italy. The reforms which had been miners of gold want the quicksilver; and the stop- fully protest against any change by which the Mili- but before they were half completed the members have ceased to respect these principles, or to defend decreed were to be the constitu- ping of work at New-Almaden has greatly increased tary Department of Oregon shaU be merged into any themselves grew disgusted, and could not endure the these interests. By preponderating majorities theyyet accomplished,tional order was yet to become a practical reality. The people tiU then had been united against thevote,Assembly ofthe price. Without much reference to the merits of other department, and against its head.quarters being remainders It was therefore suppressed, and the removed.the case as io the title to the mine, all CaliforniaResolved, 2. That we respectfully and earnestly so- licit the President of the United States to continue theso nearly imaaimous, was Immediately taken.bydesper- the lady passenger from Iowa, and Mr. Nativi, the Mountains. After three weeks' hard work in felling^ and was greatly troubled in consequence.first assistant engineer. The other dead bodies were shrouded in fine sheeting, wrapped in blankets andmade the road overin every way toforts, it is supposed he stole a horse, wUle heKing, leaving the affairs of Govermnent to his col- buried Bide by side In a commonleagues. Counts AzioLio and PoEX3TA, and went and the surviving officers of the Nortkemer returned canip, thlrty-oue miles in our rear. Orders have ing to secure a position as schoolgrave. Capt.to Eagland, where he remained some been Issued for all hands, men and wagons, to leaveteacher. Ho was followed Into Alien County, where he was arrested with the horse. He was afterwards brought to Ossa-was dated Jan. 31, 1S59. It purported to be made t)e- tween William Crumble, Alexander Crumble, James McLean and Randall, doing business undermonths. In by the CQlumiia to Saa Francisco. The wrecked res-November of the same year, Count d'Aziolio was sel's passengers sign a card expressing their convlc- will find the whole party safely across the mountains. obliged, by the state of his health, to withdraw tloa that whatever could have t>een done for their The artillery escort has done good service, protectingHenrythe firm and name of W. <& A. Cmmbie ic Randall, ofmen.for about 270 miles—anexcellent, facile, prac-was found as above stated. There is much to pay them In full and transferred some property ;andwhich the mili-Into anyHere the parly vv ill pass the Winter, leaving for Boa- and wheresoever slraated, belonging par-andthe again. The emiption, which occurred on the evening TBAU, reached us by express in the month of August,flashingpeopleCrumble RANDOLPH. Randall, with thefr respective seals.Towasend. The oftop the volcano seemed to emitExpedition.Hashes as if of a great gunpowder explosion, and thelated liberty. He knew how to restrain opposing report, at that distance, sounded like that of heavy ried to Benton to make perfect the entire chain ofThePhiladelphia Ledger,22, says:It was proven on the trial that Alexander Crumble was absent from the State of New-York, and on his waylo Califonda oa buslneas of the Ibrm, aad that McLean, who resided in Brooklyn, was also absent,partle* in the State, and to give a just position tocanaon.Prof. Abbxesoh, thecoramualcation from St. Louis to the valley of Walla Walla, and other points upon the Pacific coast. You can assure the good people, then, of Missouri that—trees pine, cedar, spruce, firand hemlock—andfit of creditors, made t>y some members of a firm, was on other members being absent from the country, can bewe, LegislativeRepublicnave, again and again, declared their affection for tbem ; and the horizon is full of signs that they will embrace, with enthusiasm, the opporturdty of com-But that was not all. After thenational enemy ; the necessities of war had con- resolution introduced into our Assembly, asking our present able, experienced and prudent officer (Brlg.- Baowii refused to make such a division of the trieii fidelity to these principles and iaterests, theyand thetrolled all affairs ; but now parties were forming! Congressional delegation to strive to procure a disso- Gen. IIaksxx) in command of said Military Depart- property as he had formerly agreed to. To exhibit implicitly confide.ment. ~Let it not be supposed that we arrogate any undue old privileges and abuses were claimed and de- lution of the injunction. Is likely to meet with im- Resolved, 3. That we firmly believe Gen. Hashit his unparalleled meannvss. It should be stated here, consideration for Pennsylvania and New-Jersey. On fended, and it was quite evident that a conflict of mense popular favor. has acted In a prudent and proper manner in placing that he went to the room where Mrs. Baown was, and the ccnfrary, we remember with mortification, that The result of the deliberations of the Democratic a military force on the Island of San Juan, for the tried to coerce her to divide her teaspoons with him, in 1856, they voted for Bcceakas, and thereby se- —the Anti-Le- protection of American citizens from foreign savages nnd he fuTiher demanded both of the salt-spoons. Upon cured his election. We hope they will do l)etter inunmistakable:and wanton aggressions of foreign officialsI860 wUlewebearin mind that the Democratic ;;jointpassageof thebill,mitting the Goveriunentto astatesman, in whoseCount Catocb took an act ive and leading part of BccuAXAS ; their enmity to the .\Omtatstration, SecoTirf—Because said island Is within the Military from the house. As a consequence, she fears to re- result of the contest of 1660 must depend cUefly uponin the first serious labors of the Parliament. To and their belief that It is inexpedient for them to ap- Department of Oregon ; it having been, bv an act pass- main alone, and Invites some of her friends to remain the array of States, wtiicii, in 1866, cast thefr votes ed in lb64, at the first session of the Legislative .As- for Mr. JDavton for Vice-President, and would have the great surprise of the ultra liberal party, not point delegates to Charleston. The Kepubllcan State sembly of this Territor}', made a part of the organized with her every night What will follow it is Impos- elected him if New-Jersey and Peimsylvanla had notless than the violent indignation of his conserva- Committee met in this city on Saturday, and fixed the county of Whatcom, which act was duly submitted sible to teU, as her divorce bill contained oae con- withheld their aid. We submit the question to themtive friends, he gave his influence and his elo- 22d of February as the day for the State Convention. They parsed some very eulogistic resolutions touch-dition—that this act should sot be any obstacle to her securing her proper alimony in the Courts afterwards.County) under military rule.onanearnestdiscussionoftheprinciplesoffree theirexpenses—towit,$3,000. Itisnotprobablethat thePresidentoftheUnitedStateswillactjustlyand calculatednoriBtendedto securepersonallibertytsFirstCongressionalDistrict. Sahcii. C. HABsaai. T. H. Dbbixt.Second Congressional District, Wh. a. Nxvxix. B. GciiKxas. Third Congressional District.E. y. Rooxaa. A. P. BBBTanaa. Fourth Congressional District. A. B. Woosaurr. B. B. Esball.larity in the finances of the State, which, by the'reverses of the wars of caoaeofgreatemlwrrassment. Inthisrespect waa more successful, and if the succession of dis-shallA young mas named JoHB R. GcTaari, efOtsawat-Fifth CongressionMlaiteta was not eflS^ced before the war whollybrigBy the steamer ColvmbiA,the MistovriCauf at TBI BASTaaH BAgx or TBIBnru Root Moobtaihs, W. T., Monday, Oct 17, 1658.omle, was recently fotmd by Us selghbors himgupen a tree Bear his ovrn farm, a short distance south of the town. The whole commuUty are great-of USa, etiil it cannot be denied that Cavoitk suc-CoTTesf<mdence ofRepubliemiuceeded wonderfully in advancing his country in—of which he has been the most activeLieut. MctLAB left Walla-Walla June 23d, at ly excited, aad attended his funeral In town of the head of the most complete aad efficient party with thefr muskets in hand. The facts are iaeral Asaicnmeat af Firm EfTeccs fthe ways of civilizationevidence of it—and that he also found the means— Daniel L. Peltee vs. John Orscr, ct al. This isItaly,^the network of promoter, iswliich arrivedrailwaysyesterday particularsthe Legislature will gratify them.which has beenabout the coast for months. In trouble vrith scurvy, and at one time it was thought with mutiny, has ar-firmly in the premises, and that American rights nlll be fully vindicated by iilm.any oae, and as introduced solely for partisan purpo- ses" Now, Kansas has teen educated to that extent that peraonal liberty can be secured, and will be, to all classes within our limits, whether such a statute law exists or not, and as it is always better to act in accordance vrith a " Beit enacted" than otherwise,we favor suck bills in Kansas.The Austrian brig Ivich,had become the rived here at last. She left Rio Janeiro on the 2d of United States. And also to Gen. W. S. Hashxt.he April. Shehasfiguredinyour.MexicanandPanamalileat. Bfnllan'a Wagaa Read Bspedldoa. LItTKB TBOM ORX Or THI PABTT.District.Elstob Maxsh. F. T. Faxux«HCi8(H.LAW REPORTS.Partnership—May One Partner Make a Gea«correspondence a good deal. Never had unluckya more unlucky voyage. The Mexican Consul has laid claim for salvage on her cargo for services rendered by Mexican citizens at San Bias and Ma- zatlan.alwaysboxingResolved, 8. That copies of these resoludons, duly signed and certified, be sent to our Delegate in Con- gress, to be by him submitted to the President of theto the Congress of the United States, as by the organ- ic act is required, and has not to tUs day been disap-and 7'/k>r(f—Because, at the time, the circumstances of the case required that a military force should beplaced there.Resolved, 4. That Gen. Habxst having rightfully—with the declaration that if. In 1860, Mr. Dattos Is their candidate for the Presidency, New-Jersey asdbeen in the Governor's liands three days without his This Is the proper time to move is behalf of Mr. signature, asd will therefore become a law without Datiob's nomination. We earnestly request you to involving Mm in the unpleasant respoasibillty of a aid in this movement through the n-ess, and by yourtile Government sought his aid, and appropriated State our in Con- placed a military force upon said island, would have veto. Those who appreciate his position best, do not personal exertioBS and infiaence. The delegates toLegislature, Instructing delegates been recreant to his trust had he failed to support It the nominating Convention must be appointed In a to itself bis fame. It was in the secondary posi- gress tC' strive for the restoration of the ocean mails with all the power at his command, when it was blame him particularly when it Is known that Us sig- few months. No time should be lost in spreading be-tion of Minister of Agriculture and Commerce to the old mall line. The Senate has already adopted threatened with an attack by a foreign nation.nature to the bill would cost Um his position as Gov- fore the public by iudlclous methods, and in impress- ernor. ing on the delegates to the National Convention thevery important considerations wMch weigh in favor The Personal Liberty bill is yet in the hands of the of this nomination. If you can aid in accompUsUBgthat he first entered into the counsels of theKing,them. fiResolved, 5. That having the fullest confidence in our tlue to the island, our right should be maintainedThe gentlemen who went to assure the General at aU hazard.It was then that Count Cavocr, having added Government that once on a time the Vigilance Com- Resolved, 0. That we most respectfully ask the Judiciary Committee, but will be reported favorably it, we believe you wlU have done much to secure for;Pennsylvaniagive:grading, &c., the advance corpsDall of October.^ Lieut. Mou-AN has returned to the main the Little Osage River, in Bourbon Coimty, attempt-the Caur d'Alene or Bitter Root " divide," on the 1 Jthsustained.The assignment under which the plalntlS' claimedthe main camp t»Klay. and this day week, at least,safety and comfori, was done by Capt. Dall and his and guarding the trains. The officers in comBsand Our InformatloB of the aflTafr is at present vary lasper- L. Pettee of tha second partwasfect, and we knew nothing further of the proceedings ness of tbe firm to several creditors, and Its inabilityuntil helisetmied to offer to Count Cavodb the succession unanimously joint resolutions glorifying Gea.HABSBr, with all possible speed to the Bitter Root Valley. for he had formerly been regarded as as upright and and any o&er property of whatsoevteorthdesBcarlidptios,fiom the Presidency of thaYlOMB EnAlltniL, with that clearof his wants which is so characteristic of him The Washington Territorial Legislature has passed ticable route all the way. We will now push ahead indignation felt by the citizens who knew Um best, specifically mentioned, asd also all and similar, everyopenedensuing Spring.Territory,prising gentlemen a most brutal outrage in the midst of laws and slvtll-thundering104 miles off at Port and aerved to give every man fresh courage to brlag xatton.and HenryThe schedule of preferred creditors showed a lia- bility of $M9I 50, and to numerous other personiin tmoll sums, behig in the aggregate about $330,(00.him, and the theatre where he baa held forth, (31,89S. The various Indian tribes through whose section we will t>e taken upon the dry dock Is a week or two for that such assignment was never executed or ratified could Bot effectually resist its implacable enemy, Tbeaamberof persons attending his performances have passed and are passing, remain quiet, watching recopperlng. After that Is dose, she will be in a by Alexander Cmmbie and James McLean, or eitberAMtlla. He therefore endeavored to secure ai-to a successful issue the labors of theThis fact, too, lias invested this work with addltional Interest, for It needs only that the road should be car-the several leaders who contended forAlt he also knew very well that, left to iU own performances with a card of great length and abun- net the least doubt exists relative to the opeidng of rate condition, it ia not supposed that very extensive and in tbe Island of Cuba on busineBS of the firm, at •tnngth and resources, the Sardinian tdngdom dant wind. Hia four weeks here have produced for the line. repairs will be necessary. The frigate at. Lawrence the time the assignment waa made. It was also provenprecedence.wizard, concludes his publicshe was overhauled two years ago, and put In first-our proceedings witk concern and Interest. The state of readisess to proceed to sea oa very short no- of them, asd waa dissented frem by them as soon as he counts up 46,540. If no one went twice to see CoBur d'Alenes, at first opposed our tlee. The mechanical and laboring forces of the they received notice, or had any that saidBmJMtiea mora equal. The war in the East at length graced his smriM. He leaves bow for the Interior, our mission, we were fufiored to go ahead. In faot, three hundred in aU, The PnskUan is expected toflllliUmrt the desired opportunity. A Sardinian and then revisits New-York. the sound whipping they received by the gallant Col. arrive early in the Sping, and to afford employment these drcumstances cannot, upon any grotuid, beirhflee intervention would some render the dayof San Francisco mustparticularly, to them about have progress, but having explained the nature of yard have been reduced sntU they number onlyimowledgehtm, iialf the populationassigsmest bad beea made.The General Term hold that the assignment under^oottBgent aealed between France and Piedmont Now, will you make room for a few statistics ; bered by all the tribes, and bs handed down to their s compact of indissoluble union. And, thanks to During IBM, there have been erected in this City posterity for successfve generations, to warn them ofla the repairs that will be necessary. herent necessity for the ezlstenee of such a power,MIHH fu-aeeing ICniater of Victob Ekahu- 71 brick buUdlBgs at a cost of (1,042,400. Amongthe retribution which awaits close apon thefr trans-partnership. Thb Sbtbhth EioiMBmr iH PHitAi>Bi,pmA.— It wouU be strange to say thai what Is done in view(be in, Bmrapegrecaiona. Col. of rela- read one day in the Moniteur these them Is a woolen factory, whieh employs seventy The weather Is cold aad disagreeable. There Is al- The Seventh Regiment of New-York, tLoxmWaissh-, a distinction, or efEscta a distinction of tbe Itwoida, which were aquivalcitto a tplemn engage-partoperatives, mostly females, and la whish there is in-frame houses w>of theseready snow. We are still llvlag in tents, and eikdsa-reached thla last on the waycity evening, ofington, to take part in the InaugutaUon, to-day, Mnia' sUtue ol^ WASHmoios. The Regiment wastion, bom aoeh or the powers springs relation, is Justlylogically or reasOBably Implies. The powerment " r<aken itsvested a capital of $115,000.impUadto do wUch tends to aid, to everythtngThe aimy of Sardinia hasto beTh« Bbtkctib or Miagigsippi.—The lata Leg- and got ready on very short notice, xne aaen were of a partne>dih>-ae angmeataUon of cspiul—theManyin the perils of the conflict ; she a'lall share tht are to rent —the average price of a house, Mi2S feet,:invited by the Congressional Committeepnaaat,strengthen and prefect. Many of the loading oijecttOf haveputupMS, ataoostof $SOO.0OO.vorlngto be satisfied vrith our substantialfare.glory Ugh, each negro, tastead of 40, aa heretoforela tha war, the Eoglisbi, Fraaeh tpA Sardinian first floor, and foor rooms and doseta oa the aeoond ceats an each of $100asd cross-bolu and faUgue cap; the otthethe iacreaae of flie of Ubor, aad expansloatheseBOIa—AHefMThiefTerritory, Unioncomeswithinthethethlag.ing hard,The main question in theefwfaesc,ts for bgeneen- thewatomie,butbysomeprocessagainatliberty.of the first and Daniel theCity of New-York, part,legislativeties, aiul from the1,713 vessels In saying that any dealgalsg party may emigrate If not Identity of pollUeal principles has abundastlyThe Caoe af dieTktPeofU ex rtL WtUer W. Price,&tbem aawhallag elTer a bill ia our Legislature for a divorce, aad itwas AtTaylorsville,PlacerCounty,Jan.U,thewifeof knowntovoteforthemfortheverymoralreasonthat iadusfry,agricultural,masnfacturingandmechaU- sodocketedastagiva1)m|ilalaniBIrthSf aiBiTlsi«es mnd Deaths ! CaUIhrals. BIBTB8.the common roll of evidence.before them at. the rate of five or six a day, some areber last was iiTMalar;ItI^aea ta Mew^AlmadeB MineSemaermoy—Oeeaa Blalls—The Irleh— a son.Iinat ttmm the Nertheraer—ImatrmctlTe In Fairfield, Jan. t, the wife of Byron Nlokenon. of a calendar.la the Na Ualaa ef the»a aa»a elSt of the irraialarlqr aaif tha jMtaMM kMjJohnC Peterman, ofBBon. _ ... InSutterCount/,Jan.U,thewlfkefH.Oharehlll,of" want todaughter.In Uaiiin, Jan. U. the wife of Joba Farrel, ef adaugh*er.Id Fairfield, Jan. u, the wife af William Kwlng, of adADgbt«r.In Bureka, Jan. S, the wife of Walter Taa Dyke, of adangbtttr.In gureka, Jan. 6, the wife of Thssaas Walsh, of ason.which it has established rejectedpathways«• andlaadmarks served. Iam8atiB$ed,huiwsei, thatIaA. Boasel to tliiabetta M. KoberU, of StanriB, Mich.In Baeramento, Jan. 18, John Bellmer to Maria Grady, In KevBda, Jan. 17, Jos. F. Cox to Bouia L. Sweeney.who have a new wife all ready to be led to the altar,Mary B. MlUer,by sfrength into weakness by the nomination of two or I LiOHAxn, J.— Tk« matter of the New- Fart JAt Woolsey's1Warwick to OellA Liddy. proceedingsaad willbegrantedwithoutevenaformalpetitionand tionalinterestsdonmentofandcal—to thegbea UvSt 'whohasawife ofwhose residing there,months to a second wife, while the former contraotIn San Francisco, Jan. 19, by lev. K, S. Laeey, Wm. is not annulled. Still others are pending for men tbey deprive. -na.for addltional (aecvrify. Motion denied with <l$a-HAKBIA0I8.W papers read there acpeara to be bo aeaeal Beaa~~^When thsse bills eoasejptie eeayeiaaMitfrid ofA bill was granted to-day to a citizen of MUsonri,Islaggranted to a citizen of Indiana. One is pending for a purposes defeat thefr ovra objects ; and although cob-andwith whichis aAt El Dorado, Jan. U, J. H. Nash to Mary A. Weath- forme. Still it is very reasonable to coiu:lude that the same principles—each opposing the same dan- and order granted. ^^^^^there is not a shadow of in legalityCale^dar-TsnaaaAT, F«h. St. nvrrs) 8fATi|8 Dihbioi Conn.'nirirMs"iTTrr TlmaitTna Malhwa'ScraxKB Cnn—Caiim.—Plmt L Oiaa BBfrisr. Past //.—Naa.Sia,aM,4t(,4M.ai.j ti7,4i3, 101,013, 90S, sot, s,m,srL Sim,be seen that scores haveBsTxaioB Comtt—Fmt f<—507, 5«l, 5SS, 001TW7, e073(, «0t,411,M$,«U,4Baews,ofFreedom,It is no-for Italy, that revolution was not the open to the public. In the Lee Yup Asylum" inclo-ure,istheirprincipalctanreh.ItIsinternallyamag- The^followingpreambleandresolutionswere criminatehimbeforecourtsofjustice,andforthis constitutehimthebestcandidateforNev»-Jersey, ertytowithholdmyaame.If,attheimnoapeirOaa^S'Iii>eration which the statesmen of The Resurrec- nificent affair, costly with deep carvtngs, gorgeous unanlmoesly adopted by both Houses of the Legisla-sheanwotild enable him to carry Pennsylvania. The elec- shall appear that It can. In any maa:purpose^ences of a resort to arms without proper consid- mlnsted with lanterns aad wax tapers. Joss, the Whercai, It has ceme to our knowledge that at- others by her to Bsowa, that fully confirm all that the Ckarleston Convention, would ensure the success of Measra. H. C. Caiar, Wa. Waia, asaidl iilhaiii ^ 1tiem wished and waited for;and the sad conse-vrlthgilding, fragrantwithburning Incense,and lUu-ture ofWashington Territory:toral votes of these two added to >e^i^«nathaK States, thosewUch benefitofmyfeUow-dtlzena. Terreration, and without union among themselves, was brick-red god, sits in the rear ; before bim tea sntoket tempts are making, or will be made, lo merge the most incredulous had ever questioned. As soon as Judge Dattoh. His friends, therefore, consider Itthefr to his name at once before she had possession of these letters, she resolved oa a duty bring—Thi Sattt CAjfAL. ^The ansnal npoit aftoan felt in aU the Italian States. Multitudes of In damty little cups; rice, roast-joints and baked of therefbgees, flying from German tyranny, finding a meats abound. A band of Chinese musicians occupy Bilgadler Gen. Wvhana asmost ultra sentiments in politics, and of those em-;objectits (~ness of four hundred cent, over the fratvev. - po" -strangers amongthe advocates of theUmcourts or other placesopinions anythingradicalism, camelikeaspect the quality of his garments.The worshippersthe Interior of our Terri- tory being still occupied by numerous tribes of In-almost decided before the is campaign begunweper cent, gatn~^the side seats, making fine martial music, with bells, drums and gongs all of brass. Yankees do not hesitate to march up to the nrescnce of Joss tilmself, and in-andWhereat, We believe that said Department wasaccomplished,gin the nsxt PresldeBtial canvass with a candidatepast season were $11,602 9 berandan Increase ofmore thanthat of last year, and the net pneeeda to be aaaaikaB four hundred and alao a la Ua awt-butscoBTge on all the liberated provinces. It Is but though they come Is smoking cigars, and are con- dians, oiuy restrained from hostilities by the preS';ofdoingandseversiderably more Impertinent than polite in their inves-at Milan, in Tuscany, and at Some, was more dis- tigations. I was almost over-persuaded to use the savage hordes of Indians living on a foreign soilastrous to the interests of Italy than twenty de- chopsticks, and for my delectation, get a ravishing audcapablegoid,seem pleased toreceivevisitors,scowl,average number of veeaels passing throng tteltoo well known that what succeeded in theydoingit.It is, of course, not within the liouts of tUs paper352,642.reas<m,season, leaving no room to doat>t that tha Cieats in battle. Count Catoitb attacked them taste at what seemed to t>e plug-tobaeco done up inWhereaSt Experience has shown that, in order that she finally told him to the icourU she must go. Soon would be necessary to tranicritie not a small part of the Canal.ginger-syrup.The holidays are kept up for severalthese troops may act promptly and efficiently for thetlie history of the GoTemment, 'during the long termMilitary Department of Oregon Into the Departmentcommandseparation,can be if we can be- Mary'sand in case this is notS. HaaitzT to be removed fromPacific,established for good and sufficient reasons, which reasons still exist ia as full force as when said De-partment was establlsliedthe country, and they appointed the imder- fair division of Bigned a Committee for that purpose. If tUsof Caaal around Oa shows that tbe reeelnts of the Canal;for shall enter upon it with that sanguine hope wtilch IseSected, to causeence of large bodies of troops, and our frontier beingstill Uabie to mtu^erous Incursions of powerful and quest to Um, asd told Um she should file her peti-exertions wUch secure;to do justice to Mr. Daytos's peculiar fimess for thein this respect. He was obstinate in hia refusal, and nomination for the next Presidency. To do that, it bonds vrill be paid at maturity, from file luuilpti atfor the question courts,these farcical di- vorces of parties who are not citizens, and without aTills chapter will not be full without a reference to the divorce recently granted to the wife of Gioaox W.limitations, haa been tried and madematter of public record, and is known of atl men—a statesman who possesses the confidence, and will command the united support of all who AdBinlstration of Jahis BccaANAs.fumidied her that he had a paramour, in the name of, ;l>ywhichhesoonacquirednotmomentthePolicecommunicatedtoChlnadomtheanOdnMrEae.lRJi.vCB.r,BaBlulm.lwldtCounty,OwenHsDenald,ofwithwhomafamiliaritywassoonvisible,thatcouldicnotmepllairgientgmembersofbothsecdons,that be-ceTlvweodtwheeckasrefuldbetlalabsanwtelraototoawfaafhasaaSaIrtpread abroadonly a distinguished reputation, but an extended fast that the explosions were offensive, there was a inflnence over his countrymen. It was then that sudden silence—not anather cracker was heard tillthey ago,kept constantly with him, andthe views of a considerable num)>er oflivingoccasionsfile her peti-her abuse of him. He met her, and principles, and the, tmtll that time, established policyno mischievousmade to ex- he would make such a division of the property stitutional principle, no time-honored policy, no im-willThe bill proUblting Slavery in Kansas has now that our united efforts will thus be made successfil.he was unable tothe notes at maturity, pay He strovecase eral assignment of partnersliipwhether aearn the but failing is Us ef- Bsoney,Wbiobt, in the Summer of 1858, wUl long be remem- to a conslderBbla stunber of mechastes and laborers sustained. That it cannot be said that there Is an in-honor and the of tl^p triampli»- Associated two stories with a hall and two rooms oa the islature of Mlalaalppl raised the taxea to 75 cests on equipped is the uniform coat and c^ with oraroeat, eoBbtaation of the varied skill of different porjon"-Igsteada«*anments shaU be united In the Negotiations floor. Is $2,200, and ft readily rents for $M a moath. oeorlT doabllng the tax on Blaves, and Inereaalng that that the Regiment, wuSi la oak of the largest aad eacieaUy) without the transmlnton of *5?hTr ?thSe iac-what peace shall be secured by their i^t>°*-load,^*^- Cottages costing $1,300, rent for $35 to $45, aeeordlsg oa lands 35 per ceat. As there are about 4<0,000 best disciplined la New-York, aumbeied from six to thortty of the trm to each meml)*, for «•*»gars, honors, advantages—aU shall WhileCenntOATOtnihasenjoyedbe divided." « Wgh degreeSvertendsto preserve may weU and eMontlal; what presupposes,•"o'VJJSto location.It Isslaves in tte State, ItwUl laarease the taxes oa that seven hundred men. The reguneatainved wareat Cam- quIriUon or disposition of property.Iadoejaed ^««*computed that there are, 100,000 Jhead of sheepdusoia butreaUyreaagBMt$ee,MOper yearof popularity, and may be said to \'avo controlled Bixat 4: Ct, P t Saa Juam, fu Moaterfy County, aum .astyean from thaaa twa ttemi.BOWintheState. The flockIs largestUnthatofFuar,tloB, Is not merely not frihereat,proper^ aloae about $19O,0M, aad oa lands abouttakes oa board the ferry boat direct to WasUngtoa-street wharf, where tbey took the cars for Baltimore, Isav-be;year,sothat, afterthi sorproducesthe itobb reveaue will t>e about $310,030 more than It haa beenThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069and to 20 of 16 cents—thusgray paau, coat B waa estimated fleers also wore the fatlguopowerof effort and enterprise, can botitled Document;'ttalaed loss (jerhwsden about half-past 9 o'clock,aadB( the d£p6t at llli e'dock.-jrMaO^pUa Ledg^erJU to the true idea of a single paitner'i power, xaeAdmlnlstratloa,ofdistrustanddlvfaten,theirrealeoagrulty beUad BiaUfested itself, la tbe strong cohesive affinity which e<rTweBty>fliLm «Mh-pollertending Slavery by force and fraud—tolls utter aban-aaa properfortheCoojtwvaescattMrthatsaoaM.<•»alii There is but onehostility to the' Interests of domestiestead of ao aa doingunprecedented rapacitygrant the bill is the quickest mode of oleariag the lavished the public revenues upon Its partisans, and, jodgBcntwaaia aubataaoi racafM. TW ,theygetthem,"they say that toIt hasin short, to the radical and destructive violence with the Cotut in reBderlag a *eeUtm llttla~Mlstitutional with all thefr principles,coastltationalopportunity to secure certainletters written by Baowa to Us inlstress, as well as are sure to be cast against the nominees of the ALEZANDJEKfinalthe property.proposed toexposeby disclosingthe evidenceshe had Isconfided in and supported by tbe unitedshowingfiftypncsoughtandIf she could haveUm athis, she would notJ Superintendent the a/da.arjUheher a few himdred dollars of old furniture and otherproperty of little use to her.asdOpposition In Pennsylvania Jersey, the election wUl beWhen he started East last Fall, she renewed her re- the aamest of success, because it ammates men to the was seven per day, and the aggi agattion in the Court if he did not witb her wishes complyof It and continue the Gov-themselvesernment four years longer In the bands of the minor-4topafrloUc,Hon. WiLUAa L. Dattos fulfils these reqnlremests.Nk Th* request made Ofevery citizen of the place,) that she atlength resolved to obtain such evidence as would popularity, the same political antecedents, wUch Blderatlons wUeh yon have tirged, I do aatof latewUch he has not denotmced—has abandoned no zoa-years, uponportant interest, which he has not defended—tered,To tUs she consented,forgive as enemy, even and against which he did not utter prophetic warn-Consequently ings.Juan, is she applied to the Legislature, and the biU stitutions which he has not declared to be sacred-oTnertrhietoIrsyland of San an island whpilcahcing;plesin order to accompIlA the ef a purposes; it recited the Indebted-scheme^has—*—"-- allSTSi^iSa ffjthat for the parpoee of a»ont ofivacated, neezaeuoainaiirMuarba.a Tbe Superintendent estlmatea, not ithat thetonnagevrill be twice aslat|ai—4' www.fultonhistory.com 