 OUR SUMMER RESORTS. OPEIHGOFTKriSfflOIlBLESEiSO!!Niagara Falls, it beatoimratofti uiu«teiLer, asid that H badenough. Fromt>chotelproprietort>U*«b*-»»l*ckTOP \ aNIAGARA FALL*.NIAGARA Faun, June 4,1*60.saot'.o, and aOL-oiapaaled v.ii'i iti* name of the aut'..«- In an en from tH» Bilrimtwe aud Ohio RaMr.«d« k«mt by Obtanei *ek>j>e. V^Kriaj; the same motto. All Kra<lM*t«-s amt under J<*n »*trotlicr, a noble oM Virgiaiaa.' (teher of Porte fcradu'es in na; er the raeuKles. belagofrir* men- tiau aevenyears' star-ting from nsttrieiilation, may compete. The nounsiMnifUm r^*ytm*»rn-.<*muAe*mm*afa*mnnn^T«!&At this dnto there are but very few strangers here—the principal arrivals are Quakers and Quakeresses. This i smust be sett in to the ReaWrar on or before the anh oi .Inly nest. THOMAS MOSS, J|. A., Regisuar.trayon and whose ho-ise U adorned w.tu a number oi tii* Ine sketches of P. C.) Here the more a-pirin*; of Ba.T more society congregate in libera! mneVrg, and here the hving is excellent. In th* satw region isf)ipoB with i uof ami TtsrOma Incident at ** tVU-TU«/ tfafct.aV,*:V- rxeunioniaU will begin with the introduction of »tmawT to wend tbcir way from sultry to cooler regions u m») be reasonably inferred that many will, as usual,little acquisition t o t h e population. T h e Society o f Friends la *n'.t* a godsend at the present time. T h e 'road hat, thewh'.te cravat and the drab coat, staid as they may appear, have chased away much despondency, ander.*wk lb' noted and celebrated Falls of Niagara, and the the Newport ites are rasrOEraged. The surface of quietudestoring them to health and strength, why, while any hop* is flickering in the lamp, nothing savoring of discourage- meat should be even shadowed forth. Let the weak andtiews. Crossing the Blue Rsdg* we have the Wh.team* phur, near Warreaton, Fa-«|u>e*county, whose buildimg* here gotten up o* such a grand acak> by their late pro hrk-ior, Mr. Thomas li.-vou. Il i> * very lovely piaca, m rill view of the mountai-i-. Mr. Robert Hudu'.n, th* Bra- sent owner, proposes to opeu it this •eason.nxiay places of commanding interest in their vicinity.Keeping this in view, wad feeling interested in all pleasure There are several large hotels here—the principal ones tvrk- r» and the comfort of travellers,! hop* a little to- are the Atlantic and the Ocean House. The Ocean Houserm-n.at.0n from this favorite retort will not be unac ceptable. .is the largest of all, and will aceoinmodate some six hun- dred persons. The bedroom"? are suitable in every respect; the d:a!ng room will s.eat about four hundred. The houseRhode Islanders and Jerseyites should abandon present enjoyments for the fabulous and deceitful repeehontotioas continually emblazoned on fences, hilltops, housetops—iaIV turning to (he valley we Iw .e striblmg Springs, is Augusta, where there are sulphur aad chalybeate vraiern,To induce summer tourists to come here is not my ob-,<*•«. if it were, it would be unnecessary to use any per at the present time is receiving a thorough renovation.session or take any pains in the attempt. Niagara Falh It will be opened on Tuesday next tor t h e reception of visiters. The Atlantic is also undergoing tLe ablutions ofpretty little flotilla of boats at the tower wharf; roomy, Newport celebrities may be prepaid to accomplim Ts to ciean and well shaped, the very sight of them promts, s nie unknown; but it is ardently desired that sometauu:genuine i« amoug them.THEVIRGINIA8PBIKG&. IJiTEKKXTtSG ACCOUNT OF THB WATERING fLU'W IS THKOU>r>OMrMO*—UtRANOKMKNrSK1KTHEPllK-8K-M SEASON.(From the Richmond (Va.) m^pateh. June 01 ]Crossing ovcr the Jasaet river gap, still southwardly , we have the Roanoke Red Sulphur: the famous Coyoer's Fl>riugs, of Rtxtnoke. oi*e mi'e from Bonsack's, oa the Vir- ginia and Teniie-.-.-e Railroad; the Bedford Alum aad idine Springs, near >te* Luadon,a;id that cluster of de- lightfulwateringplace.-intheAlieghunies,onthebam* road, viz: the Montgomery Wh.te. one mile from Ua» road;theAlleghauy.isveBinesfrom it.andtheVeUow Sulplmr, i v e or six. Thcsr.- are a'.! |>opiilar, well eslab lislicd and commodious, 'in- M-uiigotiM-ry White has very fine buildings and areat capacity. The others net *,uite so extensive, but having excellent ace-mmtodations.uf themselves palate-* such a universal fascination fur thedistant, and have such a deep hold on the imaginationwater, and t b e vmbelhslraaenU o f the paint brush, and cons^tuently not quite reaib yet for tourists. Thishonvo, will probably, accommodate about the one-half or thosepleasure. In a month or more gay parties will fill them every sunny dav, and there will be many a trip to CharlesF»"« sntof* I. ?i«s lic-^o rsHi.ng b"re wi.U bu'. shori :t ter:a:^»oai3:*.?al.:.-laia^h'.aadt-eairUcoeiand l-ac '.T|KEWCOitT. R. I.Kr.wvtet, E. I ,J-ia*l4,1»*>-Jhflaiimfa- »urn ef Oar Orrapendjafi ddmtrafta* -The OaaArrffiVehtw-flWsto—llarsflasr ty A c Oaaai and Staenien---«o;ri'«e U o bou»3~thej ar-> ^ t h very batFrom the 0!"n House W Motftt Ttash'tiffton tbe d:stane*tssixaimahalfmiki Fanemil«*»otmreadytarrid.ig wagons, the rn.r«in:ng two and a half Ejilns by *f tbe busit.'- -, as at preseit, wcaM only have been the { thecrvls, money, money—five, give. Bydfhe-by, tie Thfjanr S Si;.-- u-.'leafro-r » :Ws, **£ & r>?The Hotel Keepers Chuffing No Umtic-Trtdt m tae Maim •strt*-BaUwg~-IMm path must, for the present, servousJhr interfere with tjtcThere is coasiderabk' culkusiiudii prevailing at S* <-•* royaltv. the Prince of Waks. It is to be lioped that » eItitmthose who scale the mount, and stand a.HfJ* l*rt abovetheheadsoftheFortlanders. Therearenovieiter*. as yet, except a Jew stray ones, who chance to com* along'astht vanguard of the legions of honor alvout toBetter Tory Fastrards,dte.intrusion of criuolinc mountimj the hero's mighty name sake. Tm-re are two bouses on the top of ihis nuns! wli"re tbe weary traveller may stretch upon a good clean mat and dream of stars above and clouds beneath him. There is t.ne fain.ly here at pre»;-nt, and prep*,af Htmfvd—yhe Atmosphere, the FUki»9 **d » « * * I Cathariaue-wiuno^disapnoint.d. Orators anjliwit^S!^Mg«,aadha»for years bad an immense raaef BOM with energy Near byare tl.e R«*s-;4ge bvhs. r^aSo numeren*. tB.t.^1, are t V nr*-ontafo retreat^ and ex •eB.111 m:nera! wxterv of T.rg.n'a. thai we cViieH under tdcet-do m w than give a IOere jWnc* at V*misTa aewspaperartiev.. We r?fer t V reaa^to tAchMkJ gftnm Mftffwa • - * , itarf+rt, Sam**, Mr.tfcr-<C«MU),M.Cattarlw*(C.W.),VMtelMt'Sparti Witt a pa.-agT»;.j of deln'.t'.oni could l>etrr'ttea m t!ia! one word. Kenpo't old and Sewporlnew, t'je semi-capital of the Stat? (> ithode Island, the rations waiving for the refreshment•, nee<ied b y•*«»—The Jmfetaese on* the Great MmAtm to be IncUai to cra'/jt J, etc , etcThe w ..son has agahi rolled round when all New Tortis w e d v. ifa a migratory movement towards F.urope, wa-tering place.', or quiet village.,, and they fly with tireless* ing from Cat*. May to Newport, and thence to Saratoga.Tosorh I ape.'-- Feeling that I have found a haven ofreal, 1wish my city friends to enjoy it with me, and so Im-eprewmkftaaaw^Wisaammf: the naekVo tising elorution and an the graurd of attitude and lecla matioi ivherewith to astonish the Prince with ill as sounding abilitiet of his royal mother's sublets: and the l*et k < wrttuf the nymph of ranta«iu8 »>r^.vaa»paeh- ingapp.-ar.ince, as the following, clipp-d from th- Cww nut a Toronto paper, will testify :—•ties whom he has instilled into office are playing in therear of the boarders chairs like so many kittens, or awayjiggling and chattm*. Sometimes one boarder will rap(tor bread, another beat the tamborine on the side of hi -cup for more coflee; anon, a third will, after looking wo Duncan Fell, Captain S. IV. Macy and others, which were fully at a fork for a mmute, solicit a knife; a fourth would responded t o i n t h e neatest possible manner b y •• mine like sugar in his cup, but he needs a spoon—and Biddy boat" Kerner. Mr. Atkinson, P.M., having been calledhas gone and Julia is out of hearing; and so it is. The upon, gave the following:—Cataract Hotel is on the margin of the rapids, above tbe May the success of the Ocean nouse.be all it deserve-. bridge leading to Goat Island, and tbe International Hotel and equal t o t h e highest anticipations o f i t s celebrated i*thenearesttothemightyFalls. ThefareattheAmeri- audgentlemanlyproprietors;andmaytheoverflowofDepotfor Passengersfrythe KWtdia-Landat^r*can is K per diem, at the Cataract fci 50, and the InternalRjual $2 SO. The Cataract House is receiving • large and uew acquisition to its already fair accommo-this great Ocean, as heretofore, find its peaceful way into the bosom of the Atlantic.ssaidtocontainsome8,000ofasteadypopulation,hough a stranger, inclined to incredulity, would question seriously the correctness of this estimation. It is a place of summer resort for excursionists—more principally those who are seeking improved health rather lhau plea hnre. It reminds one of the City of Seveu Hills, for it isrious improvements for the general comfort of visiters creeks were swelled higher titan ever known, carrying completed. Tliecuisineanddiuingroomarebrought fencesandeverythingintheircourse. Aboutfifteen"tonsunder improved discipline, and will no doubt be conduct- of dried hay iu the meadow of I. S. Garber was swepted with the most )»crfect order. So that we may hope sway and much damage was otherwise done. The storm that thegreat White Sulphur, on which nearly all the extended about six miles wide (east and west) and as farother mountain resorts more or less depend, will lie con- South as through Mam-' township as we have learnid. ducted wisely a n d efficiently t h e pn-sent year T h e The hail stones North and South have been larger thanmeans for *the accommodation of guests are ex- here, stripping trees of their foliage, fcc., and being fromtensive; twelve hundred persons c a n b e seated a t one to three inches in circumfereuce.onetime in t b e immense dining saloon, which is three The storm when it readied Safe liarbor. seems to haveMr. Newton, proprietor of the AtViutic, was called 'Usw dation. Two addiihioai ami large and splendid rooms, and responded in appropriate terms. The whole affair alao a new plank walk leading from the bouse weut off most pleasantly, aud to the. entire gratification ofof the American, 1 am pleased to learn, intends to displace bis waiters and put on a staff of attendants fully adequaf, and disposed to carry out to the letter the very important trust entrusted them. At the International the mak- waiters and attendants are principally, if not entirelv, eol-oreU gentlemen, and so very digniueit that it is a matter"f complaint and much annoyance in the village that dur-ing their evening promenading, especially on the Sabbath,the white folks have, when the weaker party, to give wayaaat allow Sir. Sumbo aud Miss Dinah, to have the side-walk to their own free use and behoof. It Us laughable,however, that WIMU they see a '•Southerner'' approach proving every day. The wilder is over and pone, aud tag the "darkies'' invariably abandon th> walk, and re summer has clothed tho valleys with verdure, and the sign all right, title and interest to the plank. A goodbaa become pleasingly agitated.After t h e cloth w a s removed appropriate speeches were made b y Charles H . Russell, K»q.; Kx-GovernorWen—CUared Waiters-LargeUnder Ground Bailrcad-SotelAddreaes to the Prince ef Wales, &c., etc.If a brief description of a fashiouable "watering place" of affairs at that place. Captain H. is a practical man, a'At Mount Joy the hail wits atao verv destructive,break- ing window.- and doing damage to the yards aud gardens iu the neighborhood. Mr. Abraham Hackman, of that place, who came to this city last eveuiug after the storm, brought with him aliout half a bushel of hail st.rties in aNEW YORK HERALD, SAT0RD1Y, JtftfE 23, llW-TMPl^ $BXkf. m n pi, mil •—IrIt:»ab»o1.yne%',-rt*?,aalbtaaflnet'.e'.a?th» !og-e. The-eisb\littledia^ai'^r:k>-iatU:nl*rer-urn3 laftoftLeWinniejr.!:.*...',anee*%*rr \i % waft • - Lissvt,ac-Jth:tjoldea sar.it>w^ch oucf j* **?^ | ia«ca'!tyaadimposHlODpractised upon •;\mgTi watLilli'>v"a_,.1UrMCfrktli-1-,v,4it fi*« h*d no simer-or.are.tWa*.B,ri.:W,a^ tasuni,,^^^^ mr .etropo'H ef it* ls?aii1 naoiesaJie, the nncleas of anliqanransaui moderns,thereaortoftheseriousanddelbjhtoft'ie guy—v:rtue, vice, salt water and bger bier, politicsand rel gioii, allare Tislters at Newport. There is an old follow There is s lovely and excellent carriage drlv*esivKisirr or rono>ro.The W - fTianeMloC ofleis two.prueaof W)e..'-'i fin books' Ihe Springs—Bttr»:*N aad Moorman* rW particulsrv» ork to be seen here which, speaking of Newport, nays;— 4 It is a small town, near New York." The writer of that, were be alive to-day, would expire Inastoni&hment. This town is now a great summer resort.from the Alpine HOU<H< to the Glen House; and gentle- men with private carriages will find good stabhng at both plaees for their hor&c". Everytting is In readiness also to accomuvjdate those who w:sh to engage saddle, side saddle, oi#n wagon or covered chaise. All tliat H needed ia«K>ney. You must come to these places a- pre pared taspend profusely as you would to a bawar. Double/treble price for everything, and no change if pos- sible. ' I bare just seen a gentleman from Balt.more, who.tor the best pi em» :ii Latin aad Fnrlish .on the fo:.-"»iu«-sub- Tbervsrea gmrt many mew* than v,e have'meat'<*Wject*—"Eeattear-ia I*eonioaensis WaiUas Frinrtoem s„ ut»i." Iu t^N> northea.*t ar* the Berkeley Spr'ngs of Moraaafrem earliest youth, that so long as the great inland seaski^waaslakesMichigan,HuronandEriepour bytheOcean.WandagatthecornerofSouthTouromandmgaspect.Standonthepiazzaorthe'(HenI-land,ortoMiifordbeach,intheFlyingFish,Aut'lopetheir vast waters over the tremendous cataractsat th- foot of Goat Wand, there must and will be visi- ter-. So much has been written, and so muchi>eon said, no many outburst* of enthusiastic minds. so manyeffusion*ofthepoetsbrain,andde-criplionsbythe historian's |>eu—all attempting to portray the sublimity, beaut) . awfill ma>-sty and grandeur of thin unparalleledstreetandtheBathroad.theOceanHouseappearslike a time worn cathedral; but a nearer approach di«pels that appearance, ami a closer view presents it in a favornble nspeet. InJ-ed It is the cap:to! of the capital o f .VewportTrade > ver> dull here; on t h e uiain street, the most conspicuous article* inone*loreare pickaxes, "hovels and boxing gloves, by whieh, weunderstands, that New port bovs are becoming pugllistfc. and determined whenHouse," and you behold right before you, higher thnu or Dolphin.manyclouds,themountsalready named—namely,Mssli There is gcid shooting on the fl*ts and in the son, Adams, Jefferson, Clay and Washington. Oa Mount woods, but beine; naturally indolent I do not go. Jeflerson snow is seeu in ]«tchos as laxg.' as a common but prefer to sipend my mornings in goiug towonder irflulling waters—that Ishall not venture to de they fiiitht to win or die At least the pieksandsized garden. On two others there is also snow; aud on a smaller mount, just close by the Washington, there Is a curiousdeception presented totheeye intwo rock*on the side of'the mount, which the stranger would at once conclude were two men ascending the -ide, so strong and strik.ng is thy; re-cmbUnce to the human form, and so lifelike is the motion of walking. This apparent move- ment of these rocks is oeeaskmed by the passing cloads,The season for the ti:s(h'. t o the mouutuins and sen side js this y - a r unusually backward, owing t o tbe few hot davsthathaveuntilrecentlyoccurredthepre-eut month. We have u«t felt that annual warming up iu .June which inspir;-* the dullest fancy with poetic imagination-of de- lightful shades and sweet waters amidst muunta'n gk-un, where the wearied andfeeble mayre-tand reeoverOaNew river,inaspotof remarkablebeauty,iaG:lt* aounty , are the New River S-:'phur S}irmg-. tlie water is very good, the river seen" rar-- and exnutkite, and the <% tcrtainmeut excellent. The digs of New river, viiibi* from the hotel, are amount the gr-iude-t feat<ires of thatscribe Niagara Falls To be justly appreciated. as the the shovels so seem to iU'lieate. The police-acpr.meofallcataracts,theymustbeseeu.Nothing menarealloldmen,atleast themajority. which,onthefirstappearance,thevi-iurforgets,andis shortufthatwillconveyanything morethanafaintidea In feet everything wears the semblance of then(oredeceivedby bothappearances. Buttheexcur-There js one, whone widow's cap is not yet put away, which, ureter m-'-t favorable cirn;m*t*u<*es. i- vou-'h- aidwhose mourningi«yet d«-epandsad. She.whohas safi-fl to(lain i.ytheseasons. Perdiem,ar.ii|ierM--ek.ai.d"|K-rmonthoffourweeks,"atthespnngs,canhard- ly this j(.;,r extend over a- much time a- i; mil, l>ut iheu, if the number o f gne-ts -hull lie increased, the landlordsanda-ne mile long, which i- held lu a 'si.-in near the toy oftuetallestmountainiutlu-AlVghatiyrange. Anexcel- hut-fclage r«*td now lead- from the springs i>t Montgomery and Gih-s, across the muuutain, by this beautiful shirt af Water (where is a good ht-le;) to the S.lt Sulphur Spr'ngs, a here the traveller, after a pl> isaat 1<; - rale thr-ugh th- fovelffsf scenes, find- h'm-'-lf tnd-r the !.:ud andr pro Tident c u e of t'ol. Frskine, aau w.t'uiu t h - sphere o tb» gival White Sulphur Spru-gsantiquity. Eventhecupatthe public well atthe head sionist soon trets s.i accustomed to being deceived that h" oftVm. Thesceneryisr<mantleallaroundhere. Tliere oflongwharfresemblesasmallsiied.oldfai-hionedfry Isonlydisappointed whenhe>not. Aword respi-clini;are H O M of atand point* from which the eye cau behold ing pan; and the Custom Hi-use wild t h e Town Hall a r e ih«m and from ea*h point of observation the sccuic aud patterns of the olden time. The park is in admirablec*t:irs< lie view presents a charm irresistibly impressive keeping with the oldbuildings surrounding it. It is veryaceoniuiodaiions here for those who will come for raral eajoyment. health, wonders and t xercl-e.always ly^-nabeauty,an heiress,and a belle,i*oneofthose whose ••every loo!, and word that she doth say, islike enehnntre.Mit, that through both the ears aud bothl»,e eves, doth steal the Vi.-art away." There i* another »n«} be iude;niiin.d f'.r the injury iuJieK-d by a coldOo this, ihe American sate, in the immediate vicinityof the Kalis, there is ahmM a village. Perhaps it shouldbe termed awl regarded as a village, unqualifiedly al-most,Ibrherearethreelarge hoieta.torn-churches, one acool sea breese,which makes it \er>ploasant. TiieBeach— Tieie from the Bi-ttrn E»& ef the Penintula— Sea BaOang—trovJbUs«f the Betel Kepert,etc., etcBy your very poi«ular journal, dated 6th ins.!., which Ihave just seen. I perceive that "the first guns from thewatering places" have been booming their informationfromSharonSpringandSaratogatoyour office. Zealousfor the fame of Natnuit, and reluctant to keep silent when ment we will lake them sailing. The Oreat litst.-rn will with them. We .shall see bow lar this seutiiuent influences othersaremakinganoise,Ihaveconcludedtofireashot a!.-oprobablytakeapleasureexcursiontliisway,autlwill ourfell<i'i/eir-this.-mnuier. Cer'.aiuly.thosev.bofeelprinting ofBce. fnmi which is issued at the present time a mornings, too. for several hours after sunrise, a r e free from that sultry heat so productive oi lassitude, especial- littlesheet called the Niagara FallsGotftt' dailv and ly todelicate constitution-1, andthese advantagesarewill be a daily while the summer lasts, after which it much in its favor. As to eatiug saloons. tUeit- is not ouc tailsbackintothesedatelittleweekly. Therearealsoa respectableoneinNewport. Thereisonenearilu>Wethinkofinvitingtb£Japanese here. AsDownlag inlea-tcurtailties„»>rtoffxir'avaimnix-uii'ilweseewhat Pays,-oneseloctniaucanentertainthem."'audforamuse- Si-rtoffriendswearetohe.and howwearetoaet alongIMer isnotistobeIntheuninhabited orheathenIan.I Of the hotels, it is due to the proprietors to say that they are trying to render them and themselves accommodating.overcoat. and conie to Stratford. You will find me at Mrs. 's pleasant boarding boose. I will give you a stylish dinner, and afterwards we will smoke some prime segars,whose sudden translation from the murky vapors of Um- don totheclear atmosphere of Italy may well till them with the wildest enthusiasm.the ground to the depth of several inches, and it is said that «ome of the Uail s-ton.-s measured three inches in circumference. The corn and tobacco crops were cut fo pieces, and the wheat, rye and ifits b<-aten down.This mammoth hotel, the largest o f the faanionabkj re- sorts of Newport, was opened for the season yesterday, man In fact, be is too easy, for be has a set of table i o n which occasion i t s gentlemanly hosts, Messrs. Kerner & Birch, gave a complimentary dinner to their friends andThe proprietors of the Virginia watering places have made unusual preparation t h e present year t o entertain an increased number o f visiters. T h e White Sulphur Springs ofGreenbrier, that Mecca ofthe devotees of fashionas well as invalids, hasbeen considerablyim-The American Hotel is kept by a very mild and kindunless you prefer pipes.waiters that can1 as little about attending to the duties oftheir ortk-e as some <>f our preachers care for the souls oftheir fincka. The proprietor being out of sight during thtime of breakfastuig, dining and supping, those young la spread before them a most sumptuous repast, such as hasST. CATHARINES, CANADA WEST.ST. CATHJIKIST.'S, C. W., June 6, I860.At Turkey Hill and vwindy the hail is said to nave fallen to the depth of three inches, and that, in th* evouiug. persons were seen shoveling it from their doors. Tbisseenis a littk- s.te.p but we are assurred it is th* truth.small, h a s s i \ r ude seats, several large trees, aud is the shape of a smoothing iron.At the Alpine, a large dining room, tough meat nnd miniature trout. You need not anticipate puddings or dessert at dinner; Mich luxuries are not tolerated as*ong the GorUainite*. The die! is plain, simple (like Ihrm selves), und in sueh quantity as will admit of no gormanhearted summer mouth.A term or most pro p rovs y-ars lias greatly increaseduid .roi«"slng. Tho ruck, just above the falls, where thepoor fellow remained clinging w>lh desperation for twenty-two hours, and wasfinallyswept over and engulphed in thefearful abyss, is pointed out, aud the stranger visiter,»Uil<h»vingitpointedoutandtheharrowingrecital atrightangles,haveaveryprettyeoMrasiwiththeblue thevregulatethetableexpensestothereceipts,.sothat lold.fcelsa thrill of horror Indescribable. Only three sea which rolls upon the sandy t.»H>re. Kartber ou there thev will realize at least ninety pereeut net profit. The promore vividlv beautiful rejfeeing in Byron's favorite nam-s. but win- is'ev-ept by r-putation, little kuown. For to stracgers she isseeks ago a little boy fell into the rapids on the Canadianwheu he ietl in that she grasped him by the hair, but it tore out. Wjavinvj a kick in her angers, and he was gone.b«-r swe.f cadence. A lew years ago sbe wieldtd a fairy Spirit with which they ruhievtytlwir social glory w thoct alien* you will in the mount a'u-, you will i* iu str k -ig sceptre in New York society, but falling health s<-nt Ifr pi'-ans entitle the-a f•• tie- genera! admirati<m. The d'sfance of some at least tiVrably kept watering place, to the S-e.tli, -ind fneu them- -he eauie to Stntfeed, the imverlv of their own <\*r-*) i« aid only shielded froui -us- while the great majority , i:nU-*s when taxed beyond the..- home of herlathers. Anottref. whose golden curl- are Licion, butthey are among thehajipi'-si andjoiliest ofthe capacity, are unexeeptionabU-.arrange.I in the Venn* de Medic: style, wnd« lif and multitude, often contriving to be considered tbeiucelvi'S Nearer Richmond, iu!d act on 11 notwe the animation wherever she appear-. Her ready wit, her millionaire.-and looking with CHid«s<eu-on upou y.«ur Amelia Sj.riugs, of Amelia Co.inty, kv,ept Hy M<e-srs. |FiIs>*k;nd sari asm and hir perfect knowiclge of m-u aud rneu of a hundred tho'isand or two. A well kuotvn wit o f jn very good style. They ari i}ulie aeon enience to busgreat tumbling, roaring waters, from the base of which i iars a continual watery, misty cloud, and where, in sun- -bmc. a beautiful rainbow spans the river, embraciug the American and English shores—an though intended bv Ala. gbly to symbolise that national bond of amitv anil isatty bvtwecu the two greatest nations of the earth, which Khoidd ever be preserved. «. 'intothegentlesurfandcc-oling billows. Asmall feeis charged R>r the privilege; hut that is always expected at fashionable watering places.resort,andnowheremore tluin iu theWhite Mouidfcius district. The tour: 4 , preparatory to his departure momthings, make her admiredandsought. Ah,bow m-iuy Ihi.-.loea'ily onceprononuced as thei<reite-t:nauinhi*straytowardsafineoldhrm«e,withantiquerow^ofl>ox liue,afrieiidofhiswho,hesaid,keptahot--!without hedging the walk. Poor v iclims. There is one gay money and without cre.rt. Very little inferior in d'guitynessmen,andduring thes.jiUk-rha,. a pi-asantanl h:ithlv n-SJieetilble s'»* ieiy .With this hurried eataCg'. • of watering places, be*:d>s •ur s«iside batbins: at Old Point, Hampton, andthe shore* *f the J'olotuae and A.-comae, how can any mim find dilB etilty i a b<-ing .suited iu h i s search for health or pleasurr*The -Hath riiml" extends about a ru'le from Tourothe Individual wealth of the country; ami there is a verylarge adilit'-in made to the niimlvers wh-^ an- able u> leaveJionie and l<:-•iriate in summer amidst the r.-fr-»hingfromherbrightdrawingroom,sointoxkatingty aeeiiesoftiuoiilainrvireai-.Nor^thereanydiminu Springs,inRass»-U.theHol-toaS-viogs,outheH-iLdoastreet, where thetirst bench is gitined. Here are two disin^projieiisities. Tie object of theproprietors it to rows of small cabin-like but-, painted white, and, being make hav while the s i n shines, and with nuanciul skillAs cold as icicle? on T>ian's temple-^;but we hear each evening exquisite si rains of imisio steelFurtla-r in the Southwest «•-• h..\ •. the Grayson Su'diliur, fftie Giles Alluin, the th.lhowe, in Scotl.'tbe Iii-banooisanotherbeach,whichismuchfrequentedbjtbeN A prietorof the Alpine is religiously dispm-ed.and takes muchport visiters. A large, dark, deep cha.-m is here, into apparent pleasure in extending invitation- to visiters to side, from a small island, and was swept into eternity which the ocean flows, and B-a bird- hat:' a fau>nte attend prtiyT meeting*, i urn skeptical as to his genuine almo-t instantaneously His mother was so close to him haunt in thus deep sea glen; the coutinual uoise of tlio-,(- piely, however, us I overheard hini swear in a v.ay that, screaming birds, and the mournful wailiugs of the waters would pass for an oath in a !:i?er bier 3aloou. The bed- as they rush into this chasin, create a sound so dis rooms at the Alpine are of very fair dimensions, and may- cordant andalmostfrightful tounaccustomed ears, :i to prove very agreeVde., provided v.-iters tike with themaWin eot that kick of hair be a sad. sad, but precious gaintor this sea-rock cavern the scripture uame of I'm" few et ceteras for the toilet.memento in that family? What a theme it offers gatory. Ttie small houses mentioned are where bathers Tlie amvghty dollar is paramount here to every other tor a poet's pes'. Waving all attempt descriptive of these undress aud put ou their sea costume before deaoending ConsideriitK'U. It reigns pre-eminent at thr fashionablesweet that we feel that they mu-d emanate from the tiou "f the mimbe-r of those who. not having t h e Tmans, spirit of music and beauty herself. There are many- are wet detennined t • mingle with the fa-hiooa'de throna. great eon\er.satioiirii««ts. (me a lady, ' a worthy scion of and'ha-.e the ai--'jra'ie;- and tlie tact N.£>-Vf} t hem-elvesfiver, k c . fcf. In short, the whole ':u-iutains U-em w-tb •j.rings of valuable b--:il:iig propertk--. Many are left still id their native wfldues,, for the h-.-«U and wild saimer population could oMa.n lodging- at all oo the i-laml; butonereason,andtheprinciv*>l, isthat ontheuirt.s„ called, of the island, there are mau.\ fine residences, some say upwards of a hundred, built by .'.eallU.v geulle men o f New York. Boston and elsewhere, for the accom- modationoftheirfamiliesduringtheirstay;besides, strange as it may seem, a great many actually live on board ofyachts, aud luxuriate upon the water likethe Venetians. Towards decline of daj here, there is alw*\sUnless such preeautiiin is taken, he may find himself iu a scary predicament.''natdPTi, often charms v.- with her melody. How oft. a Lave I listened to the strains of "Robert, tot que J'almo." Feeling pure that I have said enough l>i lire your patience and i.o convince your reai'.crs that Stratford is the finest place In the world,uutrc.sted at home, c m i.ecome a notability at the S|>ruigs Btid maintain tbe jiort of indepeudeuc-, if not of atttueuce.thus:—"Republican Headquarters Saloon; Hamlin a n d Lincoln;" but it is a mockery, as the humbkvt GermanNahant, as you are well aware, is one of those places which has obtained celebrity for delightful views audAnd now, dear Kditor, «w rteafr. When 1 And time. I greatest efficacy in disease, a n d 1 intian seeues a n d day evening: the fir-1 j*>:iit of which wi^hivc any infor shall write again; but meanwhile, if you feel like enjoying brilliant summer skies nol exceede.1 <n those far-famed mat ion is at Silv.-r Sjir:ng«. about fooi*Tniles smith ot yourself 0>r a day , take yuur carpet bag, pui ou your liueu iunds of Soutliem Knn.pe.so extolled by Knglish travellers, Mount Joy. At ibis po-.u! the bail fell so thick as to coveromiNU 1>FTHEOCEANHOl'SE, SKwTORT, It. I. [from the Newport News, June 20.1pleasure seeking excursionists during the summer season.To those who are comparatively strangers to Nahant onlyby name, the following pen sketch will, I opine, tie notaltogether uninteresting, while other information ia con-nection may prove useful, especially to those who, at adistance, may contemplate a vibit for week-. This truly-fashionable (among the fashionable.-) resort is situateon the extremity of a peninsula surronded by Bostonbay. It is said by hack drivers to be four and* halfmiles from Lynn, that celebrated ciiy of cordvvamcrs,where recently the male peggers and female stitchers souobly, mauly and womanly forsook their lasts, and atuckto and struck for their rights. Hack drivers have very-inventive faculties in lengthening distances whenstrangers are bargaining for a ride. 1have walked from is acceptable to the NEW YOKK HKKALD, it is "laid The clerks and other officers are iueu of experience aud bag, some of which, even several hours after they had Lynn to Nahant leisurely, and if sixty minutes make an upon the editor's table." St. Catharine's is an English obliging dH>|»o«itioiis—most o f them well known t o Vir- fallen, were as large as ordinary sized hickory nuts,patrons. The guests consisted o i about forty o f the pro- minent gentlemen o f Newport, New York, &c , who h a dseldom nor ever been seen upon the table of our tlr^t class hotels.The company have organised a corps o f officers under t h e general .superintendence of Captain J. Humphreys, former- lyofthoNavy,andwearesureatnoformerjieriodhas there beeu so thorough a system for tbe administrationalong the margin of the rapids, in some places over them, all present.to the Uou't Island bridge. On crossing this bruise. The Ocean House h a s never, within our recollection.which every traveller to the Fails will do, you pay at the been opened in such perfect order as it now is. It has hand side is a lovely expanse of water, which the Lynn located up hill aud down hill, from its Alpha to Omega. toll house twenty-live cents, and by registering your name undergone, since last season, many improvements for the ites call Lynn bay, "but which is really an arm of Bh'stonhundred feet lonir. A more picturesque scene, a more delightful atmosphere, could hardly be found than at the White Sulphur. Itself a picture of rare beauty, it is otn- bo„onied among mountain ranges of remarkable graudeur. To these noble auxiliaries o f health and pleasure, it adds the most sniierb fountain of sulphur water in the world, and one without a superior for its great curat ive powers in ihe numerous class of diseases to which it is adapted. It must ever be the chief attraction in the Virginia moun- tain-.—the principal court of fashion iu her summer re-attained its full power. At this point its destructivenes* to property and the crops is incalculable at this time. It Is said to have struck Safe harbor about half past five o'clock. The first uidicatkms of its approach were deep black clouds coming up over a hill to tlie north, carry ing with them boards, shingles, limbs of trees, and every thing indeed which could not resist I heir force. An e v e witness informs us that tbe tornado—for such it really became when it reached this point—approached slowly and looked fearfully sublime. The dark musses of cV>ud5r rolled and pitched over one another as if aa army of demons were in deadly conflict, while the lower strata tore off shingle- and boards from the roofs af houses, or licked them up from insecure .place*. TLey went up into the dark rolliug clouds, and every now and then were revealed to the eye by vi\ id hash •- of lightare entitled to the future free use of the bridge ilurius the better, and tbe reputation which "it obtained during the bay washing the pebbly «traud. Ou the left is one of theThe Wellaud canal, between the Lakes Ontario aud Brie, runs through it, or rather winds among the hills at its base. After the traveller leaves the cars and takes the coach for the. lown, about one mile distant, he soon come3 to a bridge crossing the caual. On the left may lie seen, a few hundred yards along the caual, a long, low, red paint- ed building; there is the far-famed aud health restoringaeaaon. The American House will accommodate about first year of its present management adds greatly to its •me hundred conveniently The bedrooms and bods are good name, and seems to clothe it with an air of oomfork good; this satisfai tory testimony camiot be extended to which few large hotels in a summer watering place po=. the tallies, the viands, and the attendance. Mr. landlord sess, however magnificent their iinjsHiug arrangements!pretfie«t, smooth white saud beaches imaginable, extend- ing probably- a mile aud a half iu gentle curve, and th" sparkling vvatersof the bay coining up in graceful, cm tmnous rolls, breaking upon the lovely beach iu snow- white foam, and singing, as they break, the siillea but sweet music of the sea. Visible, and far distant from here, is -'Fgg Rock," a high, barren rock, having ou itsmay appear to the casual eye.N .at fforfcm station— t Town without athat dashing surf the keeper's residence. Ou the left, at certainly a very remarkable well; it isfi>,-ehundred aud the extremity of this the first beach, a point ot land jm- fifty feet deep, live hundred aud lifty feet of whichThereares<>\ernl hotels andhouse"ofprivate enter- tainment t o provide f o r any overflow o f gue:-ts a t t h eIhvytSemtrg of the White Mountaim—Bxtntiont«/ford*, ate.The appearance of things in this Alpine district is im-H.And if one-tenth of th- medicinal virtues is In that well water it is just the place for the Invalid to com", wash, drink and be healed. There is but the one wetl in this respect standing out in bold contradisiitv:tiou to the three spr;ugs of Sharon and the tens of springs of Saratoga.Tlure is a small steam engine at the well for the pur- pose of driving a pump, which forces the water to an ele- vation of one hundred and thirty fWt. The water under- goes a certain process, under the s>ui«-rintendencc of Mr. Hay. who may be termed 1he chemist of the Artesian Well. When the water is thus concentrated one pint is equal in its medjciual properties to eighty gallons from the well in its natural strength and quality. A vast quan- tity of the water thus concentrated is put in bottles, pro-particular place near Table Mock, un the Canadian side, spun their noble tops Y<>« may not reckon on sunshine tion of pleasure tourists, nor less the rcssrt ot' perly sealed and safely packed iu square bo\es, ready for anexceedinglyaaTottwayoftransferrtufyourkms« thosewhoaeekrefreshing seabathine;butthat transportationtoanypartoftheworld,andtouiiuy change ta thetr ourn pnefcat. fbr instance the hmsw has here fruta tme hMtr to another, and h« who goes a mile there is no Inducement In hotel comtlirt.-; fe un- paris of the old globe it goes. There are tweutv-fivepublic on both smes of the river. He is going to walk on Wednesday, tbe 6th last., and to perform the (eat on stdtta. He expresses* entire eonidenoe In tbe satisfactory nooomplmhasnt of the undertaking, and says he feels naffer on a rope than wo ice, tor on the one he slips, on theHayes, which towers over it in majestic grandeur. The Androscoggin river runs between the base of tbe mount andGorham. A straight line drawn from the Alpineheard them sing;—Whoe'er ye are that love my lay,Come where red sunset tints the wave,To the still sands where fairies play; There, In coot seas. I love to lave.worth a long journey, not to speak of the gloriously in vigorat ing influences of the wafers and the baths at the Springs. Tlie old Sweet is eighteen mil-s. and the Sweet Chalybeate seventeen miles from the White; but a road is in progress that will bring the distance to about thir- teen miles.The Salt Sulphur, twenty-three mil-ia from the White, a beautiful si>ot, bW-id with a dry and exhflara- ting atmospiM-re. is oneof the most popular, as il is one 01' the best kept, of the watering places. The springs are among the most valuable of remedial agents. South Carol i aiaus are especially partial to the &dt Sulphur, and coming from a warm region they know what comfort Isether never. Btandtn ts a rlration* Frenchman, light in House would about strike the centre of the mount. It is complexion, and th* sasae in weight; very commuutc* needb-s to attempt description in one letter of this moun- xrvsand ehnsrfuL He ha* a wae and three childn«. tainous and sublime region. From here, as from the cen- They reside at the Falls, where he has purchased a neat tre of a circle, the eye looks upward and beholds moun-Would that many of the belles of Broadway wouhl imi- tate the fair maids of Lynn and Nahaut in thus retelling taariats are expected am both sides of the river to pay tain piled on mountain, and turn and look, and tbe picture in health imparting sea bathing. Here is no slimy eel to eat aaaaqr like prince*. Cross a toll bridge, it is twenty is still the saase. It seems the favorite playground o worm among their toes, no thirsty looch tosuckthsir tre cents; ask a boy to direct you to this street or that, th* *w*ids—«t oae time Hunting la fleecy whiteness above precious blood, no ravenous shark to catch them bv the. t H at the rat* of twenty fire cents. They have, at one them, sad then defending and resting their airy winga tempting limb. Nahant must ever command tho admira-The Red Sulphur is seventeen miles from the Suit. Its Next day the second and third mates* boats went for tb* sedative Influence Is rmast remarkable. There the con whale, but not tndmg him proceeded to a native *?ttl' suruptivcfinds,ifnothealing,apalliationofhissuffer ment.Jimakan,atthebeadofthebay.tostopdorm?»*• ings that no place else affords. But the cu*.»s effected by night. Here young Hall and another boy named FJw- P-bridkpath. Mo-.nWashingtonIsthetallestofthemsi, and as von opprcwh the Glen from the Alpine Honse, y*n first see on your rljjht Mo nt Madison, then Adams tad Jefferson,m u Gaj.and then, the Btanl»c>tCi tberaai. Mount Washington This is the coveted spot fcr up h f l ramblers, but the circnitous, narrow and difflcnlt br:dlei • *ad a -gJor->ui baths i^g'uniag. i;.tillfare,inadequatereeeptenamtexor-;latterclasshaythat,theprvpr>torsipaytheia?erylittle, rrnUU;.-vd.a„i;,CeMV„M„ .^„^V*,JB*-^*N All ANT,MASS.NAUAST. June 12, lftflkB:'t t'uo'-.gh June has been j«s?ive and temperate, hot No other State, indeed |ji" Country that vr,1 hav* weather and summer fevers a r e inevitable, a n d people r.-adof,soabound- inmineral waters as ourownVirg. must go t<-tlie Springs. Where are they K<»ingV Iliat is, nis, and mineral waters of the very liest a n d m->-t eft,.,hour, my conclusion is that three miles from the Lynn centre railroad depot to Whitney's Hotel, Nahant, is about thecorrectdistance. OnleavingLynnattherailway- depot, the telegraph posts are sure guides to Nahant". Passing Tudor street the road to Nahant turns to the right, and is a beautiful carriage drive over the neck of land which stretcher from this: i*>int to the little penmsnhv In geographical parlance this strip of land may be ttpppro- prlately termed an isthmus, for it really is. On the rightdisciplinarian, and a most polite and courteous gentleman.tow n, distant from Niagara Falls about eleven miles. It giuis travellers. N e w baths have !>eeu erected, and va- The next we hear of the storm U at Mouiitville. TheI'.ft*for tNtr. have tixhMown to Br^fm. HHT pre>per treatiii^nt of visiter*, with SuHable accomTMdatioai and fa''aad!iv:!.gchartsVaherefromtbefirst,thecwlF»rgoviur,.acd»,«„-.^ JfcZak'.Utt charges a IU enrse auy place, and why not Nihant.. i expecting them to realise good wages, without a»$ th'nzatall from them, by V.«* vfoUc-r*. One poor fei)ow. to whom linue frum tli- Hmn* ,i ^ , M o M m i *gjf"WHITE MOUNTAINS.^ ALPISI: HOISK. GORBAMSiano.v, June 9,1S<30. summit a lighthouse, and about midway between it and mineral water, known as the "Artesian Well." This is tirement from the great commercial marts of the country.the Landout into the buy, approaching '"Kgg Rock," on whichare great depth was drilled through the solid rodft The White.several neat dwellings and miniature farms A short quarter of a mile brings you to the real isthmus, and here the waters of the buy ou each side are only sepa- rated by a narrow beach—the left side being a low wall of small round stone. Two roads diverge here—the oneCo-t Of this stupendous, drilling was eighty thousand do! The White Su'phur system of springs, con-isting of thatlars. It \-us a great undertaking; but the proprietor is a gri;it fountain, and those which revolve about il a:- their Hing. Tlie phenomena are said to have been appalling toutile is laid at the IntermitkmaI, and the tine towering mountains, from base to summit, in her deep to the right leads to two hotels, tlje Whitney and theexterior of this hotel is a fair presentation and cltarmiug green foliage—except those rocky heights Jolmson; the other to the Nahant House. The two former Mr. Stephen sou, the proprietor, resides here, aud has loveliest scenery.of the interior conveniences awaiting those who and cloud-capp'd peaks, which wear the stern features of are small hotels compared with the Nahant; indeed, it is reaped, and i- continually reaping, tho due reward of his I The valiey of the Sweet Springs is the loveliest perhaps the creek wa« a large quantity of lumtv-r Ix-longinz t" Mrregister themselves as boarders, either tempora- barren rocks, and here and there hold large patches of said that the latter is one of the largest hotels in the spirited enterprise. He has a large hotel on the top of a in the State. The Sweet Springs, known a- the "iJldHi-.Mbold, of tins city, which It a1co carried up. But. -ii- guiar to relate, an adverse current of wind carried water and lumber back to tlie bed of ihe creek.The tornado next Mruck the islands in the Susquehanna, where it did great damage. The two -t"ry frame house and barn belonging t-> Snyder. Sourhcet ft, Co.. were lev alcd to the L-rouiid. Wh.-n the tornado reached the Iwis* it smashed in all the window-, and then raised the h>u-e from it- foundations and da.-hM it to fragments. Tic- <K ennants of the house, about fifteen iu number, who s«w Ibe norm appronch. took refuge m tlie reluir. and. strange to say. all csca|M-d wiihout any serious injuryMr. Win. Wllliams-.n wa- irti the island working, aadl l y or permanently. The Cataract 'Hotel is alsoa fair one, and much desire manifested by the powers thaibs to render their patrons comfortable and contented.The Internatjaaal looks much larger than the Cataract, butn is affirmed b> thane who ought to know that the latteri » accommodate more tUan tho other: they may be put Grand Trunk trains pass here every day except Sun- man blending in harmony with the dull bass notes of •lo'., u at 400 and 450. There are a lew small hoardinghouses in additi<» to-the threefcrrtetsdewrWied, but they are too paltry for notice, except one. nOermiu establish meut, which is by the -u-le of the rapids, and is being titled up in good taste ansjat considerably expanse, chieflyday. and as this is the place where tourists take coach the crested billow s*Mking playfully- the carb'ane.lcdbaker and butler, is arrayed iu blue ciress coat; the rest,the fashionable while jacket'. This preslding officer at mountains know, is one of the most invigorating.United States. The Nahant rears its stupendous pile on high hill, immediately above the well, which Is conducted j S*eet,'' under the proprietorship of Mr. Oliver Bierae, snow to their rugged bosoms. in a systematic and fashionable manner. The waiters are are remarkably improved. The brick hotel, ballroom,the northeastern point of the peninsula, from which no- all negroe3, from the dark copper color to the polished Uorhani Station is a village like place, and distant thing can exceed tho beauty of the view seaward. Ju-t at ebony. One old domestic, with his grizzly wuol, -trough- from Portland, Me., ninety-one miles by railway. The your feet the rolling wave, and the song of the merry boat reminds one of L'nclc Totn. One "gemman," the rhiefCottages, 4c.. are constructed with architectural beauty, are 'ijion a scale of magnificence aud liberality .and are ar- ranged on tlie grounds with good taste, the bath is a beautiful edifice, and tin- bail, itself, as all visiters to ourfor the White Mountain.-, or rather, for the Glen House, it is, consequently, a beehive location during summer.rock. Tliere the white sails of numerous craft, from the tiny fishing bout to the lofty bark which gallautly bears the "star spangled banner"" to distant climes,<ir* seen,iliuner stands in a conspicuous position, and when respoetive dishes and desserts are forthcoming he give* aOne miV from this long established watering place is the p,ed Sweet Springs, now denominated the •Sweet Chalybeate Springs." owned by Mr. C. Bias, one of theThe railroad company liavc made much improvement nigh shore, off in the bay or away in the distance. Those -bunting "which fhMts proudly at this ^institution, and here during the past few years, and purpose to continue are excitable scenes, thrilling the heart anil perfading tiukls out an inducement tor volimteers whit h will bo re- improving. There are machine shopsfortheirownu.se, the mind with varied emotions. The rural picture, too,flourish with his dish, am! lie white jacket darkies, withti-much precision as soldiers obey the "fugleman" or ni«st enterprising and sensible of all the Springs pro-(or the receptkm of Germans. •• ljiger Bier" is th*;drill sergeant, place each Ins dish upou tlie table in- pri'-tor*. His place is a jewel, set in the same sweei val- stauter. They are well drilled, almost as well as the rock ley with its older neighbor just noticed. Tlie water ofwarded no doubt by many cliiiieriug around the standard and beneath the loved banner.and a row of small huts indicate that there are many from this charming observatory is equally delightful.Indeed, few places there are on the Atlautic washed coast of America more deserving particular notice than Na hant. Herethosefondofseabathingcanindulgetotheirof the Artesian well, and when the Prince of Wales arrives here it will no doubt be relished with «est by Victoria's ordained successor to see those dark lads m white imitate socloselythemilitarymovementsoftheLifeliuardinmhen he saw the tornado coming he took hold of a tree m the Sweet Chalybeate is become a famous tonic, and the prevent being blowu away. The tree was torn up by thelaborers earning a livelihood. There is a cluster of some thirty houses of neat appearance also, chiefly paintedbaths are exquisite. Mr. Bias has just completed a series of warm baths, admirably constructed, in which the water can be tempered to suit all; but his large pool baths aretheadmirationanddeliehtofthegreatbodyofguests.Mots, carried a distance oratiout 100 yanls aud Mr Wi! liam.-on with it. He escai«-d vith a few bnit-es.Mr. John Csmplicll. who was also on the Wand. wi<As I shall now give you a little intelligence f,omtheoppositeshore, IshallclosemyremarksontheAmerican side-of the Fall* by observing that every man white; several boarding bouses on a small scale, one heart's content and their health's improvement. Anybl(«*nintotheriver,butsavedlunis.Ifbychugiugu.» rlngland. Before losing sight of these sons of Africa, 1 This lovely valley, repining at the foot of "the moun tree, which fortunately iloated by himschooUmse, a shoemaker's shop, andall the edifices depthofwatercanbehad. aud thetimidmaidmavdoffwilljuststatethat St.Catharines is the favorite resorttains,whoseelevationsare cheerful andbright, is like, emerald In a frame of gold. The fertilizing deposit of tlie bold stream which courses along It from the two freat springs, Gil it the year round with richest verdure,he whole surface is underlaid by a tufa deposited by the waters, which is at least as good as Mexican guano when scattered on the laud. F«irly in this month the beautiful feirm of Mr. Bia«, as well as that of his neighbor, Cokmelwhodrivesahorse in this place is continually teasing every stranger to take a rW—the hackm-n In Portland and at the radwsy depots and steamboat landings arc si lent when compared with the cunchees at Niagara. Their prices are irst about three dollars, and rattier than lose a i nonre they will eome dowa to nfty cents.Crushing the SusfMnswu Mridg-' is well worthy of all visiter*. Strength and beauty are tare blended, they hare met on the Bridge and kissed each other. ! met with Urn ©ntobraind ttondin yesterday fur the first time,nasi had a conversation with him today, lie has a rope Like tbe aborigines at the earliest period of pale faced deep into the sea, strike out, as Byron and Launder did inxiratebsd across the Niagara river about 100 feet below emigration, they manifest a Large share of primitive sim- swimming the Hellespont, and anon rise up with grae •i'u! certain people; but for the generality of the travellingthe bridge, and has men at work preparing seats for the plicity This village ia situated at the foot or Mount agility, tike sea ducks on the wave. Once niethought 1 portion of man the Artesiau Well possesses the greatest. phce, including the remarkable Beaver Dam Falls, areTbecrop-onthe1--J.",udwerec..mpletely destroyed TV I.iss on the island, it t estimated, amounts to betwi-ea $1,000 and *1,,\00.The tornado is said to haV- b.-.'u ab.mt thr--e nuarters oi a mile in width. Some of tlie bailstones wiucli f«'l'. in the neighborhood of Safe Hariwar. were of extraordinary - w , many of them asfcirgeas hens eggs. Tlie cost of r<- pairing broken wuxlowv will |M.>ve a heavy iU"a. TU»which constitute a village—except a church. Inquire her crinoline, and lave her symmetrical form ui the aud asylum of and for runaways from the Southern States.why it is that there is no place for religious wor- gently undulating wave, free from observatiorfand all There is quite a village of them adjoining the township, and you will be Informed that the ma- cause for apprehension. Iu fact, it was but yestordav I proper. The number iu and around here is estimated atchine shop workmen and laboring classes newt Sunday ment) iu bathing costume, walk haud in hand, like sea comfortable homes to serve masters here that don't re- for pastime and fishing for trout. This information must nymphs, into Neptune's element, fling themselves gard them as much as they do their horses.not aflnghi the clergy, and lead them to conclude that Into the rushing tide and allow the tumbling wares tothe Yankee Gorhamites are more wicked than other men. tumble them about. Then thev would go singly waist-witnessed two young ladies (they did not court conceal- eigiit hundred, two-thirds of whom have run away from* **>**>, er ktod ef 'ebswrTatory. on He tap. A renm-r or snore, forgt-tfn! of bis umbrella, may be reminded of questionable. The Whitney and the Johnson Houses boarders at the Stephenson House at present. One" gen- it are well attested and wonderful. Tolman. beienging near Ambcrst. hi tht« State. concl-iJeJ"•ynnosauag; ha mset* yen at the front *f tfse house, hw n*gJig"n<« by the lasfrsawktf shower. The principal are too small to admit of any number ex- tleman, a colonel if I am rightly tnfivnned, from Albany, th* k«a»"wa^ sw"**'* ^l*"* to he and by asc-ndrng fsaasi. n, ia**, in* only <w worthy at the aaav, wne- ceeding* tern. The Nahant House, although suffielcntly Is here, and has received remarkable beneflt fromThe Blue Sulphur, twenty-two miles from the White, Is to run away, having been ill used and recently whlpp* a most agreeable place. Its water closely resembles ihv on board the ship. The boat.s went awav in the morti'sj.__^^*'*.TMa*er ask the prtenf*w He goes up,arwted bytheratiway««np*ny,andis widertheman largetoaccommodatebetween twoand throe huadretl the use of this mineral water. There is. on th» brow of the hill, between ths h/tel and the• f i s a t ef Mr, M*^hr«wr*—it la eaitad the " Alpine and propably, with good stowage, over three hundred is well, a very convenient bathing establishment: and pre- M*waf.'' sad wtH *M<*asao4*l« about tvo hundred guests. now closed. And if, la the mouths of two or thran wit- pared as usual for th* use of ladies and gentlemen. TheWhite,thoughnotsosuong> Maj.Buster,theproprietor. is an excellent caterer.The White and tbe two Sweets , are about thirtr mile- from tin* termiaos of the Central Road, at Jackson's Birar, which distaoce Is traversed by fine stages.Returning eastward, we find the famed Thermal watersofVirginia—theHot andtheWnrm—«ora-?flirty milesfromtheWhiteSulphur,situated inavalley, having more boldness and grandeur, if not as m »:h licanty, as the Sweet Springs Valley, iu this same rajley i« the"Healing Spring'; a fountain of modern esubibdum-nt. butof great fame in a variety of diseases—csjiociallyeruptive—kept by Messrs. Porter It Krvin. two as oblig-withoutthebovs.andfindingttoewhale,proceededwtn rbip. On the *th. the rtiip saBed for Felixstoff.and these* to the Sandwich Islands, not sending nor looking for me bfivs accordiug to their story'- , „Ihe place sek-cted by the young sailors for their winter quarter* was tbe inhospitable country at the mouth of «J HSverIdskoi,intat57*.,butastheseasonadvaocea theyproceededwithtlienativestoeettlemeut*up«* river se,-*ntv grc miles. The people were mostly RB* siaas. wlio treated the boys with great kindness durjat the whole time of the*- stay among them. They S**""* .onsiderablyfrr«nhanger and Hall was very sicttror three weeks with a disease M«ewhat like fever and agne During the winter thirteen of the native Tongoes dies « this disease. Their fo*d cmeisted meetly of tsh and » »*rt of horse beef In June, 18M. Captain Mwrtao*" ship Dmiiel Wood, of this port, (having seen an advern*_ ment at Honolulu in relation to Hall), sent a be*t let"'•«Hwvandtooktheboysouboardhisship,aherethy-<»? duruig the season, and were bronchi to the Sands" IstaBds We uudersland tliat ywmg Hall has a F«?«!J his terribie winter's eaptTK-ncc, which will W iwoH550" at s»wr»e future time ^bwtIcfaarw*voufrsr»—*»•do* mnr th*fcaMMhalaid. Ttoreceivevisitersthissummer. Thecauseis nttnWod househerecalledtheWellandHouse,andone,smallerinahtintwnhmaadwttltMrt,barfly<mg*g*dmpreparatmns toNahant'sproximitytoBostou.asexcursionistscantake thescaleofhoteldigity.calledMay'sHotel,andacom-*a* tkair patraaa. Urn a*a«wiMaw k w p at*:*at|r Iwrsea, the steamer from there to Nahant in the morning and re- mon sprinkling of those man-traps called boardingan* vissmsawo* ytn>w*aaaaaanmtintM'miMraT ^a"w^W nii'awisptwaady-aa* astkh mm,. UmtyV faaa* «d hwaed mate, eg" etoslveoftheeww»,twetvs«<4t# «adr»..-.-»„t,^i VnUfatodfe. Th* aaram are raaairad 4w% th- sum*And N la said tans th*Oa^an Has*^aad »fail VMWef the Falls, is intended toCatharate's, vt*ii the Ouara i ia the morning and return In the eeeaJaf. T i » ftule atonaiar Maid of the Mist is aww Ijrto* near the ia.ks. and a plank walk is ia course of erection from ah* shore to the steamer. H.<r voyage trips aw* up and down between the bridge, and as near the.frtatar af wbjtsh kevpa anaaa u»* mm* a*wK</** y mtv*f liant , when the summer season visits reallv commotice total number of vi-iiers her* at the busiest season is arrangements of their|groands. exhibit great taste asmm> m"^trz?*?. ** fowrteen and a half mi!***, t* »*« 4*m*t .^i."^*?*1?. •»*•• »* k*T* l**t* timrtm U:*,«11 raVAT^Z^ZX^T "E? "''-— nVrivad fram this mmTM«hm taS m T ^ s J i r **" " ^ * r •« ' ^ A>f"»» • * • *** ISZ. TkJELfc-wiSS " •»», »w '**« ««k*»a. snmirttshnam thatta*rrmeemiltakeaphisquartersatSt. •"•TM »^^••"•" — ••»' up nis quarters atat.mer moaths to smrrvy totrwu t* the dim, it">m\- ttm a*oParker, the American, the ijuiucy, and oiher large hotub atcommand.I k iHml?! JWlle Baker nms between Boston ami Va-•bong ofl$ hundred mi W$ each, with ingenious stowage; an"*Mr.Jlaymayreeefaafortypef*om>althmorebenefit than credit to his very respectable establishment. Theing landlords as can be found. Their buildiug-,,»nd thet •iter*fromhi•IWKM*ti,taVmniMr^.>.;,..<.^. *».,. 0t -JAt this date there is not an excursionist here n*r ha* the Netlto made one solitary call. It looks very ominous >4 dull times at ibis hitherto noted sea bathing resort and 11« LyBiiites and the Nahantttes aeewt mnch7eares«ed Incuasequenc*. Theremaybeseen,itIstrue,atallhours it tin day, carriages and coache*. and vehiel-s of manv d.« ripti-sn., driving akmg the road to Nahant aad re-tun*!**- on the l**eii, which makes a capital, reft«sliinc *rH». »- lb* horses trot akmg the edge of the hard andreckoned at three hundred aud fifty; so that giving the Stephenson ami Wellaud Houses one hundred and fiftv each, aud tho May forty, there remain ten, just the number recorded in Scripture as being cured, for the third,fourth, fifth and sixth class houses. It maybe aeeu by this that the excursionists, desirous of drinking and washing at this modern pool of Bethseda, ueed not he deterred through fear of beiug unaccommodated. The distance between heTe and the Falls of Niagara Is so trifling that I am pretty well acquainted with thatwell as enterprise; and a ploa-ure seeker may final him self very ha|«py at the romantic and sequestered niele- in the moiintains'occupjcd by the Healing.TheHotSj»rimrluithshavebeenunderthe direction of Mr. Samuel Goode -iuci- the demise of his full T. the w 11 known Dr. Ooodc. These waters are the famed destroyers of pains, aches, rheumatism, srout. kc.. and there is not this side of Attica so great a batli to cure sciatica.Tho Warm, tivi-miles from the Hot. is al«-i famous inaclies nnd political oomplairt*. togetlier w ith a variety of Hall r-,-..i!ist (apt* n Wliiti-lde. of the Oandor. "* ' '^, other diseases Mr. <!e.»ree Mayse is the preiufit proprie- .U.n!ne hi- s«n «n -, • inhospitable, coast, which hi3 **Jkdtsta from bnj hfmt to Wim* Washtag•'* t V «m*mr m S T l S i f * *?•* * • '•'F**8 &"**• *• • " * • W*a%NM'tUarn,•tesewat i)t the Falls as possible; distance about two miiesiThvCLftun House will .iccstainotlate sota« S71 i c ^ - s a m t ^ l help y ^ y o u ^ p l u T m : " a ^ ^ ' " £ 1 * Tb. \+»** w i u } proudly eour«o ai'mg: but those drive* bene- locality; and from past and present acquaintancenemem—*ye, five or six,and they credible—n-er* word fure at the Stephenson House is two dollars and hayThere a a wtag attached to the b«M*e nearly a* large asth* bady, and ami(a, aaaa and aaw-haatea are moving is established, then the Nahant House will not be omened cents per diem; and there is another rated first classturn in th* evening, having the Tremont, tbe Rivat*. the houses. Tbe two principal hotels will accommodatetMMdb tw»4 h. with the water of the baywashing theirleijal aelhHi was commenced «c*»e time einc-Dy • f a ,UntitledDocumentSiftA TFORD,j*n^vr»t«r.,Conn., June 18,1W>-a3w Lv {bYankee, and expense is nothing to a live Yankee if any prospect of till!mate success depends upon the outlay.Sulphurs; and we may include the Warm, and the Hot ate! the lleulin/. 'flies'. :ire :ill admirable waters, of fried pow.-r aud famed viruu-s. They are all marked by theWhen the storm struck the Cnestoga, in front of He»*' Mansion House Hotel, it completely lifted the entire lnsi* of water from its bed. so tliat tln.se who were on the banks of the creek at the time could see the bottom. InAt St. Catharines and the Wellaud caual. and the s-ir- roundlng country scenery, there may he attractions forI/'wis, which joins the old Sweet, was covered with a oroi« between Safe Harbor and MilleisvilU- are much •!»•W* learn th.it in tie- ^ iciniiy ui VLrielta tl*< crop- w^-« much cut and daniay.d.Advetitaircs In the Arctic Regions. fFrom the New Bedford Standard, June H I Daniel W. Hall, son of Will,am Hall, of this city, arrived at thi* port on Tuesday, in th" bark Franc— Henri- etta, having been from b..me fi^tr-«ix months, eight s w a lialf moutlv> of which time was passed m tlie Northern regions of the Faeiflc. during an Arctic winter. Voang Hull sailed in the -hip Condor, in I85fi. tie.nj at that lime lifteen Tears of age At the last of th. setsmd .season ts iheOchotdt Sea, while in the Smithwc-t Bay. fWober I, 1868, the second mate killed a whale and anchored himani.piuioawaaejsiirtB-.ed about the peculatini; ^-\yi. perlously nmrmedthat "they arc* a set -f cnlthrMt* •where the 1ae to the Wht* i- > ard. **m\, R.M of tV- Warm Snr^g Mo.«t ' „ , , ., j - ^ .CONNECTICUT.Pen and //>! Tiev *f d Connecticut Fdrmttie— ttractkm t!iarin£»-COae*f«hig the anticipated visit of that .scion-of J^T« i!WsJnii5 K ^ UKM '^^<«-the aliibeckon them to this spot—this dlypso1* 1*1*. The *'The Pijiee's \Tdt-" Th* poem* must be marked whs a evuitay, with tVir e-qulsite batbM. tvr.sud'a half m l *moment th»t this delicious air is breathed, all excite ment fides away, and a dreamy languor and contelit holds cs in its clasp. The busy fever tfiat wc feel in Wall street Subsides, and instead of watching the money market w eToROsro. Kay IU. 1SK>.r r,c theirannualJunemeeting,andittocurioustowitnesswithhislady,isreturningfromNiagaraFalls.Hehadwatchthetides.Theloveofgainisforgotuu—wesoar Tothosewhoseekramblingdelightsalone,andhaveSnebath-,noblemountainviewsanddeliciousaVFitimrtrrBitty "*""«" ''"^J«"*l« * '* * theiinusja!agitationoccasionedInthecommunitybythus beennearlythreeweeksatSt.Catharinesprevious^,and aboveitiatothecalmregionsofArcadia.'freeandeasy"acees*tothesaltwater citiesandtowns nHampshire-county,twenty-threemile*framWatch**remained at the Falls from Monday forenoon to Tuesday afternoon, partook of four meals, and drove round in the vicinity one or two hours, and h'.s hill was fifteen dol- lars and flftv cents. More than all, he is a pruacher;:sad, while relating the imposition thus practised by one ot tao laity upon the pieUl^, lie raised hi*eyes with holy hor- ror and I expected to hear him pronounce the god».« pardon—"I forgive;" but be didn't. What a precious set of rascals those Niagaxinns must be thus to s » »»«•»• the church! It were better for them that, like Abbotl the hermit, they would" descend into the waters of tme Niagara and be seen no more.The scenery of the White Mountains is extremely grand, sublime and magnificent. What the Aips oi Switzerland mav be, and the famous Mont Blanc display of majestic beauty and awe inspiring reality, 1 can better imagine than describe; but this I.do know, that the 'White Mountains-' of New Hampshire are sufficiently great to gratify the excited cur:os:tyor these who love to gaze upon nature in her most camou tlie eastern shores of America, no impartial, unpreiudiced writ**rcan bold out inducements to trarel inland,and visit those "waterng places" termed fashionable—and fashionable they are, so far as the fashion exists topick people's pockets under tbe guise of paltry accommo-dations. To the invalids seeking nature's means of re- in Frederick—all remarlabU> water?, ia the midst of an*Stratford itself is very beautiful. A geutte, holy love- liness pervades its streets, and as we walk under the elm ree* and view the graceful sweep of the white walks, thepirit of our early youth comes back again. San never hone upon a direr village. Nothing could be more bcau- iful than its streets and park, nothing purer than its fra-grant air, nothing more glorious than its fishing. Apropo'',there are great Inducements for anglers. Tbe river and sickly by all means come—they may as well be miserablesound are filled with the best fish; bass,blackflsh,and the here as elsewhere. But that New Yorkers, Bosfonians,pretty flounder, are plenty now, and a month later blue-fish, and now aud then a Spanish mackerel. What can befiner than to troll for bass -on one of these flue days* Afair wind, a warm sun aud a neat boat, make up a little newspapers and by placards—is absolutely preposterous. eujoyiiig a flne cdeVity. the Union Caaly beats, isworld of h.sppine-a for me every afternoon. There i<* a What the White Mountains and the famous Nahant and Aug-isla. and the Rawley Springs, in Rockingham.the Post Office and reading the HKRAI.U afterwards. Suchis Stratford; and now I will speak of Stratford society.Summerbringscrowdiofcitypeopletoitsclassicshades.Not a few of those ladies that we daily admin- in winteron Broadwav.in summer price tbe greeu turf her*-, andnot a fe* of tle-=e l'ttle dandies that nt>n detest andwomen adore.bre*k in ipon the sweet senOmeut withth--r s-.ve. V silly little words. Bat gentlemen an-but Strength and health. Thus Jnue has lieen iraitor to tb." bold mountain cl--av iug stream. This place is twenty-tw* secondaryr.l.jcets—tb«ladiesareineverythingpreemi- proprietorsofspring-andbathsandsea-ideU«K-i-,aad milesfromfheMontgomeryWhileSulphur.Fightlaibw nent,anddeservedlyso. has mist uufi-eHngly curtailed thevery short period fromitisthe I,it:.imelMouutaiuUiiv,lialfamil?wid*a noble line." has still the power to charm the o;<.r with in this -„:i\ m .-pit-- of ; irtime. Indeed, the boldne-s aud aials, who are always fond of inine-si waters; but gov ;II would lie questionable how so great an influx of sit ri- bfnne.had beHer fnr'ily liuiiself with an extra par-e. songstress vvh" should not be forgotten. A tall, statoiy is, the individual who, in these high t;mes, penniless andX><!«y»i«crifNaha*l-DistancefromLgnn—TMDni*g I will close. Afi-r youtire of excitements, aquestionia)doubtveryperplexingtotliemostofthem. Clouscharacter.]rloin-peoplestayathomeandt^ynumberofstore*,abarber'*shop,independentofthehotel UnitedStatesHotel,whichdisplaysalargehoardlabelled fromthiscommandingandjustlycelebrated positiou. lieattheupperwharfadayortwo. ButasforthePrince nodesireatpre.sotittostrewtheirwi-a'thatDieNorth,shavers , several establishments labelled t h u s w Ro,-fc4lrnain«:its ami Indian Curiosities:'' and last, but not least.--Lagiar Bier Sakion" at several corners. Indeud. the littar If known and read of all men, everywhere. It is one saloon in New York is vastly superior, even to the New- other attractions, calculated to induce a large share of of the institutions of ciViliaasiew; ami to go where lager port republican saloon.of Wale-, 1 hope he will not cine. Compared with him, I cm find abundant resources for liealth aud pleasure at the fear I should sink info a nonentity. He must keep away. South. Thit. Stale alone abounds iu luincral waters of tliecausedt-ytbecowingoftheJapanese,theCroat Fasteni Are:i-manyS.ei;'.e—'imengoiugtoth•NVn-tha-usual?tiiem. We hojie ot;r Southern f.Uow citizens will r-^sort to our neiuiitain- iu unu-'ially large nuiubers. W e c a n promise that they will'at l>*a3l be ae.H.^ frieuds, andwe niay goflirther aa.Isaythat thelandlords of the spring snd"wav-ideiun-wli!dotheirbestt'.«jiromote theircom- fort.II*ilsioiin and Tornado 1st Uanraster townty.PH.-(.r«iit I<o*sot*Property.We leara from the Lan- I-HT Kaprets of W<-dnesd«v, th.it a destructive storm -w.-pt over that county on Tu.-s-and the Friuce of Wales, I expect'that my wishes will lie fulfilled, and New York will be deserted in favor ot this town.Among the fruitful .-uiire.e- of prosperity to our Nonhern fellov* citi«:is is that of Ihe liberal d;=|wu-»li'Hi ot money by seekers of health and p'.-asure from the Smth. We mayDescription af (he New -pz-lhe Betel and .lrteriau proved since la»t year, and is more beautiful than ever.sun, are the two Sweet, the Salt, the Blue ami the Real the beholder.sward, which, for richness and luxuriance, we have m.tgeil. the corn in many plie-.••- i- cut to shred*. wti:ij never seen excelled. From his meadow Mr. B. reaiw the other graiu i- badly beaten il-nu ami cut up.four toot of hay to the acre. The natural lieauties of theThere are the Hardy Springs, a*ar Moora -Id, ia Harlr •xcei..-.t sidpi^r—the Orkney aad Shaaondale, ia Saw* handoah; the Warn-a Springs, in Warrra, aad J *da*'« •tm-r, ts the actual^ princoki aud l l K UtCtto'rTi\£ fit I.run boi lint* Valiant nothing It mav be inferred with pvroicneedings there, I have no hesitatinu»>-:ucvu,lti»vi.iM>f«f <n ittfii hot, | keepers at Natumt are growinmall '. l» »Y f * ito>t VUWv; it no piae*aj tor, 1'he WatiP Spring ba& is aUtja- Vac mjal luV*iioa4s-el *.iru*<iui!j K%», |U.cir |iory h a s departed—;hi ir309Fulton New York13069tSouth4th StreegsThomas M. Tryniskimwww.fultonhistory.com 