 Siporters of Fillmore in 1856.of rent and demised premises was discussed by Mr. approving and eouunending the Homestead. The particular bill devised by Pettigrew and Law ticular proteges should be provided for. Such a words. W e can therefore only say, and we do it•pwwted;andthewholestock-oce-y articlebeingfromour own- wwrkiooma—will, we think, bear compa-ijon withany other in New-York. Rotixa* &. RAIXOXD.theDaiMSBMI-'VVKBKI.Y,andWKKKLYTRIBUNK,forsale.CONGRESS.almostuniformlysignalizedbyanewexperimenton popularcredulity bytheDemocraticleadersinPennsylvania. Nowitisacryof"Polk,Dallas, For ^"ly addressed within two hours after its receipt for less money than is now paid for having letteri deliv- e r e d i n p a r t o n c e p e r d a y , a n d i n p a r t n o t a t a l l . And if each letter were promptly delivered, the in-Itisfurther true—That the Republicans had not a majority in the We dare Mr. G. to initiate that scrutiny..Jietclvcd, That the convictiona of the Democratic party remain the Iron, Coal, Wool, and the other great staples of the country,if our memory is faithful, called '' a Greciaa Ante-. " nor" before. W e are not sure that wo like it.5H» MRwgwwmwJteinees Kfotire*.;AbeautifulHATisthechiefattractioninagen-t1amaa*»wearingappareL NoartiatcanoxcelEarawsOHKjn,the f»*bSoo*b)«- liatipr of No. 118 Na>»*u-»t. in prxlucvug a covering for UMbead. They combine allthe excelleneiea that mechan- ism, p*.rfrct taate. and long «xpetienc« can concentrate in & Hat.PrtO»S3S0-NOTICETOTHEPUBLJC. ~Oarlarjt*andOtbiosable itock ofSpringClothinprforMenand Boyabetng now complete, w e solicit attention t» our extenaive expoahtoftof the saw FASHIONS at our ^KJTTKAI. WARKHOCI««, itofct^Xt,123and12M>ul;on-»t,and aUo at oarNxw BRANCH £«TABUHHXKNT,No-214Broadway,jo«topened. Thechoioeatgood*,thegreeteatpoaaibievarietyofmaterial*,andtheboatar- Uata to make thorn up in the n«wc»t modes. Theae, and the low eat poaaibie price* compatible with ajust regard tooar own safe- ty a* merchant*, have been, a* the public know, for years oar motto.many as we can make room for, giving the shortest a preference. I f the Convention shold decide un- wisely,letitcotbeforwantofgoodcounsel,and enoughofit.*»The steamer Nova-Scotian, from Liverpool 3^eb.conceded shall accrue to t i e City Treasury. Thatwhen they coir ing;hot Wej truth,acdwe;stand by whatmoo So far as weour StateforQ chioceofSuper ColumbiaCo..(l.tie.);I^att yeRenzttlatr- Co. Monroe C<>...:- Ontida Co....-- CayugaCo Erie Co ..... WayneCo Wyoming Co..—rPartialret- publican gains, c latterforthe: (for the first), J have.gone stron: ganior Mayor .< hngh for Mayorlargerthan any Chaiter Elect' : residi in Washi*. oneofthelarct Democratic o£ Onthewhole.'\.h and Charter Elei Republican cau. <The N. Y. Tin ness,calls>T~m:] Fernanda Wood Thfifis a small : honorofepeakirj totheCharlei-c« Mr. Wood oncei N. Y. Times wai running for Ma publishing very u ing his character helpingtoseenre ever^thetitletodoubt, and the iu man powerwaj t h e n t h e r e h a v e 1 and, we hope- a j—As for the'Ci Mr. Wood will D should be glad there. This—we.intelligence of 'love for Wood, :row, though we cause we should < andcontemptibh the final destruct and hypocrites N. Y. Times, we be no more perfe* the wicked, tb-n FeniandoWood to say the signs i weareafraidthearedoomed,tLaf justnowasifWMr. Burnham off-hand, thougV House of Repr Wednesday, upoi Mr.Burnhamwdwas a succe=af whichnowap "Democratic"trines of itsfo Mr. Burnhanv-b ered a speech inTHE LJMAGNK Special Dispatch t<-W ASHIS< THE HAHPIThe Harper's cided whether G | not. He stated; induce him to Brown's raid, hesitate to caii they'would be cj contumacious w question will b^ when it will bfwill vote as theTin:The House st •ending regular tee of the WholJ utead of the Star Mr.Stanton(Ol'Army^bUl to tt whichwasrefuiThe Oppositic delegation hold*' that portion of tariffwhichre'lij The Committee oredtoframjiihjaider all intcrv^t^ mands for ary been enlarged, ai the best resultsjrevenue.Mr.Gurleypi present law re^a improvements t labuswaspublis Heestimates.U$100,000 annuaMKMr. Collamej the South on with reference promise, which and influence e: much atteutiu: bills presented rjunderstoodbyTHE COHRl'MMr. Covode'a] probably consist low, Olin, andItianowc< proposedbyM foregoing Conn its intended dutjKinu Orders for ta«iwere sent toOei jnerjt.- They adOuratockofBOT»*CXOTHI^Oihi»»e%aonlafaraopirior.Inthe SCKASTOJ.'and HTDK PARK Pa. dashingandfaacinaitugeleganceofiuaiyteatoanywehaveyetCRSTKALWAKRHOCSE,NO«.121,«3andItt Fnltoa-st. BKAKCH BSTABX.I9UXK.NT, N o. 214 Broadway^TOMES,SON&,MELVAB*, No. 6 MA:DK.V LA**,BWDSBXS, FaKKtJinKT, xm> So.*ra. {Weatley Klcharda'a oetebrated Gnna.reportedthattheFrenchGovernmentwillagreeto amodificationofthecoalstipulations.TheFrench Ministerial circulars demand obedience to tbolawsdetailsofthismeasurearenotbeforeus,butthey cannot be such as to commend it to our acceptance.New-York, Importer*andWholesaleDealenla Gc.ia, fiawi*.serve the purpose of the hour. One year, a leadingn^y^. - "* • v r u w r , riA Tnn V w i , Jawautr , / AXCT QOOV,aretheconstructionandrepairofVesselsandthetoatrifleofblasphemy,andexclaimsthat"the) reams of prospectuses of the Democratic organ at manufacture of Arms. Now we hold it absolutely " blood of Calvary is below par" in ** pious Bo«-£ley'atap», Wadding, and Cartridge*. Heitfor'a Army and Model Razor*. Adama*a Patent KeTorvtng Fiatola.FIRE-PROOF SAFES.STKARM* & MARVIX,No, 40 MCRRAT-KT , N . Y .HERRING'SPATENT CHAMPIONFinn and BcROtAR-Paoor SAraa, Whh BaU'a S*atent fowder-froof luocka,"ABbrdthegreateataecuxityof»/»vSafeinthoworld. 6. C. HBKKISO &. Co.,s . No. 251 Broadway, oppoalte City Hall, N . X .Homestead bUl, for the same day) at l} o'clock. Mr.- , Brown's (Dem., Mies.) Territorial resolutions were then taken up, and Mr. Collamer (Sep., Vt.) addresseddues to a general Conference. A Hong Kong letter states that the claims of American citizens for lossesWashington, suppressing so much thereof as de-demonstrable that the Government could buy better Arms and Ships by contracting for them with the" ton" and in " yelping Kansas." Clearly, this is anevangelical creature, andquitealiCtleDr. Lordia hisGROYER * BAKER'S NOISELESSFAXIX.T Skwutfi MAOKiNJta. THX BR»T IS USR.No. 496 Broadway, rW-York. No. 182 Fulton-at., Brooklyn.SlNGER'S SEWING-MACHINES. No t Sewing-MachineNe. 1 Sewing-Machine5?he Family Sewing-Machine, A The Family Sewing-Machine. Beaxoaisg OangeaMr. Hale(Rep.,N.H) moved that when theregi- mentsofvolnntee78areraised,theregulararmybede- creased in proportion. Lost. Adjourned.Reform in our general Postal management seem to he achieves fat Collectorahips and Consulates, For- this were really the economical and advisable way, us very good so far as they go.. They will improve eign Embassies and seats in the Cabinet W e had is it not probable that at least OTIC State would have theserviceandatthesametime savemoneytothe noright tobe surprised, therefore, that thelate stumbledintoiterethis?" tobepitied clergy." Mr.Tenney characterizes Editors as "sly,ripe rascals" who"peddle out " liesat threecents apiece." nemourns forthe,I.M.Sijrenx *.Co.,No.458Broadway,N.Y.persons severally addressed;3. The work of the Department inside as wellasGeneral Government; and that w e approve of the views of Pres- ident Buchanan on the subject of Specific Duties, and dbsiroour Representatives in Congress to procure such modifications of tne laws at the imtoiitt leyivlation of the Republican party of 1057 renders nocossaiy for the proaponty of the induatrial interests of jr'ennstlvania.serting thatTenney could only have been satisfied with his allu- sion to us and to our kith as " sly, ripe rascaU," we might have borne the imputation with meek- ness. But we do not—we own it—we do not fancy thenameofAntenor. Wefeelaswosupposethe fish-wifedid,whenDr.Johnsoncalledher"an "adjective." Theremaybeagreatbeardofde- traction under this*classical muffler. Antenoris s a i d t o h a v e s u g g e s t e d t h e w o o d e n h o r s e t o t h e b e - sieging Grecians; butthen hewasaTrojan. Ln what mine of classical lore Edwin discovered a Grecian Antenor, is more than we know; but we vow tohavenothingtodowithwoodenhorseswhile'theNo. 150 Fuiton-at., Brooklyn.SINGER'S SEWING-MACHINES.outside of Post-Offices, to beawarded to the lowest" The giving out of the work to the lowest bidder, has been fully and fairly tested, and has failed to meet the expectations of —Isn'tthatrefrigerating? Themodificationof Congress'vehiletheGovernmenthasbeenthoroughly.fleecedbyAx EsTiBaNawSTTLW. Beaignedforallmanufacturiug purpo«ea. noiaeloarfin\uopera-the contract system."Cm.KBKATBU bjcWI.St, HACHISHH.Ttteae aoperior Macniuea are aonpted to family Sewing audWearenotan Antenor at all;andifwemustbe called by a name out of Lempriere, we prefer, for private reaeone, that it should be Jupiter. And, while our hand is in, we will, as the notaries fay, extendou,rprotest. WetraverseallEdwin'salle- gations, and are willing to go to the country. W e are not "lighter than, hydrogen;" we are not " blaeker than Erebus;" wo do not "pound up " rags and daub them with lies;" we are not, to the best of our knowledge, " like Theramenos of "old;" we do not "prowl andsnarllikehyenas "roundthecribofliberty:"andwearenot—we arepositivewearenot—abandoned enough "tofeed "theavariciousnessofamercurialsensibility;" and when we are, instead of continuing " to deluge " humanity with the pressure of an accumulating " infamy," we will try the taste of hemlock " like$>00 90 1i 50 4lution, which w as adopted, instructing the Judiciary forget that the Post-Office needs, in addition to andCommittee to ascertain if any legislation is necessary above these meiely administrative reforms, wit: *ranted in DOwayinjun^ua. >>>la«y auonld bewitnoct it Oo- ofClaimi; toestablishaNauticalSchoolinNew.York aerrethaieverybottu:hastheproprietor*'nameblowninthe•FBIDAY, MARCH 9, i860.last two days at Albany ia the same as at last Ses-substanceforshadow, andwillprobablylosethe hechastisesAnti-Slaveryclergymen,hasa high goodmarrow-bone which ihey had their teeth on, polemic, flavor. Heisthe avowed foe ofreligionTOCORRESPONDENTS.for the visionary hind-quar^r of an elephant heldWecannotnndertaketoreturnrejectedCommunication!Nonoticet ^ t t t ^ ^ l t e b?tne ofcoal. Shebrings four days later news. TheRoadswilllaughandgrowfat—astheywellmay— always premising that theywillnothavetobleed too freely to secure this consummation.shipLuna,fromHavreforNew-Orleans,had.beenwreckedontheFrenchcoaatj. Outr>feighty-eightpassengers and twenty-two crew, only two personswere saved. Mr.Disraeli's motion to considertheFrench treaty in advance of the budget was nega- HALANTZNo.23EastMarketsquare,RKAI>IKO,Pa.,haa tived,showirgamajorityfortheGovernmentItwasGOVEBNiHENC P«tIWTINCt.^Vand'adt^tion,buta*aguarantyforhisgoodfaitb.Buaine« letter, forTHHTE.BCXH .hould inallOHM.bead-dreaaed to HORACK OKKBI.KT is. CoM. NoKTOif la owr Agentfor the sale of T n x Taimjwa inPKillOCfiACY .SENATE, March 8.r—Mr. Grimos (Rep., Iowa) gavenoticeofabillfortheretrocessionoftheDietrictof fromtheclergyontheRomanquestion. Prussia Colombia to the State of Maryland, and for the re- aftd Kuseia, it was reported, had joined in a propo- movaloftheCapitaloftheUuit*dSuites.TheLouis- salforaConferenceofthefivegreatPotvers. ville and Portfand CaDal enlargement resolution waa Hanover had agreed to submit the question of Slate made the special order for Tuesday next, aad also the" and the Tariff of '42;" now-" Buchanan and" Free Kansas;'* or whatever else may seem to work after the manner here proposed. Those two order to do justice to his feelings, he treats himselfNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY,! MARCH 9, 1860.sion—-no new Railroads [at all. And thereat the 22,yesterdayafternoonputintoSt.John's,shore full-pureuedmonopolistswhoownourexisting outtothembyMessrs.PettigrewandLaw.whereon to produce the food of our Army and tofacilitatetheorganizationoftheHouse,andpreserve 1.TheabolitionoftheFrankingPrivilege;' unshakeninthewisdomandjustice ofadequateProtectionfor Mills,&c. Ifweenteruponthecourseindicatedorder previous to the election of a Speaker. Mr.Keilogg (Dem., 111.) introduced a bill granting landsto actual settlers in the Territories, and providing thatthe inhabitants elect all Territorial ofticenj. Mr. JohnCochrane (Dem., N. Y.) introduced a bill to amendtheactlimitingtheliabilitiesofshipowners. Mr.Gurley responsiblebidders. (Rep.,Ohio)reportedaCongressionalprinting,binding, —TakethisCity,forexample,onthelatterpoint.by Mr. Gurley's b 11, where shall we stop?IV. Mr, Gurley ia reported by telegraph as as- We are tempted to get into a passion. If Mr.theTariff effectedin1857wasrecommendedand bou,rery rapid, andcap«ole uterery kindofwork. Itiadie andlithographingreformbill—proposingtoestablisha We\\illwarrantthatresponsiblemencanbefound formallyapprovedbyPresident Pierce,electedby—Allwhichwemost emphatically deny. A scrutinywillshowthattheGovernmentobtained moreprintingforlesspayunderthecontracteys- tem than under anyother that ever wastried.beatmachineererpiodoced. Priceouly*110. I.M.SJI««*KRtcCo.,No. 458 Jtioadway, N . Y .WHEELER 6C WILSON'S SEWING MACHINES. ** W e p r e f e r t h e m f o r f a m i l y o » e . ' ' — [ T i i b n n e . "Ch*yarethefavoriteoforfamilies."—I'i'iines.Orhoe. f<o. 6t* Broadway, New-Y ork.HOWE'S ORIGINAL SEWING MACHINESFor Family and Manufacturing purpoaos. Agent*Wantedlortnecoiuiuj.Office, N o . 437 Broadway.BAKTHOLF'SGovernment PrintingOffice. Mr.Httskin(A.L,X. Y.) asked that the Committee on Pablic Expendi-turesbeauthorizedtoemployaclerkandstenographer,f o r t h e r e a s o n t h a t t h e C o m m i t t e e h a d b e e n d i r e c t e d t oinvestigate thematter ofthepublic printing. Mr.Burnett (Dem., Ky.) moved to amend by instructingthe Committee to investigate the giving out of the creased revenue thence resulting would be countod (Messrs. Florence and Packer) who voted either tem. Thomas Ritchie was the lowest bidder (orpublicbinding. Themotionwascarriedtogranta clerk and stenoep-apber, as also the motion of M r. Burnett. Mr. Colfax (Rep., Ind.) submitted a reportbv tens of thousands.The Opposition of NEW-JERSEY held their Con- Mr. Sherman, now leader of the House, voted grees paid him all his contract called for, and2.Promptdeliveryofalllettersmailedtothe basedontheneceshiutrtofareasonablerevenuesystemforthetodelivereachletterreceivedtothepartydistinct- theaidofthesesamePennsylvaniaDemocrats.and bill proposingareductionintheexpensesofthe|o Plantation and Manufacturing u»«», and are uuequated iu e x - Post-Office- Department. Also inviting proposals for Gloucester in the chair—and appointed the follow- That it was in no sense a party measure, but was next t:me, through an irresponsible subordinate,oeileoce and auupllcity.BARTHOU' MA.s'rrACTURiyo Co., carrying the entire mails between the Atlantic and ing list of delegates to the Chicago Convention—thesupported and opposed by members of all parties, and took the work at half price on purpose to breakwhenthebillwasreferredtotheCommitteeofthe1.THOMASH.DCDLXY,Whole. The bill requiring the Executive documents <?. JOHN I. BI,AIK,4. T'HUODOIUJ LITTIJB, 5. Evnv.AiM MAKBH.JHstricC Dcleijates.tobeprinted previous to thecommencement of thesession, wss taken up and debated at length. The billwas amended so as to place the printing at the option1. Robert K . Mattock, ProvidenceLoclum, 2. Archibald It. fharo,Amzi C.McLaen,Jonathin D . Ingham, EdwardOettie, Stephen B . Smith, Lewis Shinn, A.N.Voorbees, Mo*ei K.Webb, Henry M. L ow ,propertermsofcontract,orappointedsuchaCom-ofthePresident,andthenorderedtoa.thirdreading, 3.A.Y.Berthude,mitteetoinspecttheworkandseethatthecon- THE CONFIDENCE GAME A T ALBANY. tractor fulfilled his engagements. And now theThosetwomostableandpublic-spiritedoperators, willfulorheedlessnegligenceofCongressischirged John Pettigrew and George Law, have devised, and to the demerit of the contract system. This is mostwhentheHouseadjourned.WilliamD.Waterman, 4. Tbomaa Cutnming, .Duvio Thonapaon, 5. Denning Duer,I^KOXSX.A T URE.SENATE, March 8.—Bills were reported to amendare now working with great success a t Albany, a —No preference for President was expressed; City Railroad drag-net, which promises to clear theUDJUSt.V. A Government Printing-Office would inevita-lawyer of our presence in a world which seems to >Vor •ate1 everywhere. PHAW>N & Son, 619 Jfcroadway. Harbor^ and to prevent Harbor ejicroitehments. A President of the Convention and several of the have examined the scheme thoroughly, and have veterately lazy editors and printers from every part be a little too small for hiin. "AFFECTIONSOFTHEEAR.Jna* Published, a Pamphlet by JL»r. OAHUJI, on DlfKASXS or T»n JCAX; tb*ir Cauaea, i(*,u.-<iy. Prevention and Cure.Prion 2» oents, by mail or otnerwi**. Office,No.liH1-ttn-at.billwasintroducedtopreventfraudsinthesaleofgoods. Soveralbills were read a third timeand passed,among them the NewvYork City Railroad bill—20 to12.Thebillrelativetoproceedingsforthe,recovery passedwasone,werejoiceinbeingabletostate, actualorprospectiveprofits.Still,numerousarethegemsofthis Oration,FOR.—Pur- gativenedlcinea.whenproperly prepatedandu««daccordingto the intensity of the disease, will not only cure iniiamuistory audpainlnl aHovtiona generally, aiwayi iuo*e or le«a relievo, but de- oillty ia never induced. 'I ne bowela being cieanaejl. tlie digestiveOUR HEALTH SHOULD RE CAREDemployed. A n d , aid* ! t h e doctor* are here geuerdJly a t a IOM, and the patient diea in the greatest agony, 'i'neae result* nevor take place when BMA.M>K*TH"» FlUUf are used. Million--* of per- aona cored teatify t o tneir entire aal'ety.BXAKOKXTH** PILLS and tneir concentration, the LIKX AI>DI- TIOX FILA*, are aold at No. 2W Cuuai-at., Hio. 4 Uuioniwiuare, and b y ail Drnggiat*. Piice 25 centa and W centa per box.B. riitA^DxaTH.to have been catiaed by gross carelessness or ignor- aia or Rupture, at Jto. I Ve^>y-at. Liadiea waited upon by a ance in the construction of the boiler.DR. MARSH continues to apply his RADICALBut we do not think that " sculp- On the con-Coax Tuciv* with ancceaa. in etfecting peiinanent cures of Her-The outraged Tenney, so long ago a s the 20th oflast January, requested the Editor aforesaid, tocome down to " t h e Ohio and Kentucky line" andbe shot—a genial invitation, which we suppose The ing of monuments, we must congratulate this Nash Leader, as a lover of diversion, at once accepted. ville lawyer upon his good fortune. T o use his Our tenderer readers will naturally ask what wrong own neat words, " ravens may croak his death-Eamaloin private roozua.. AUo, Aaussita ofevery description for permanent retention of Rupture, £atnin£ l'r***»*, Su^portera, tthootdet-Hracea, Suapeuiiory bauda^ea, siix Ehutic Stocxlu^a, Enee-Capa, Ankieta, and all 6urgical- appliancea identihcally applied, oy MAX*X k Co., No. 2 Veaey-aU, N . Y .STARR'.SCheznic»ny Piuparcd1/l.LHKor Kamily Uae; 25 ceuta p*>r bottle, with Bruah. >'ox SALX EvxuiwiiKKii.MaaufactuiedandforSalebyOTAKXOt.vr.Co.,No. 51 JL«iberty-at.BARRY'S TRICOPHEROUSlathe beat and cheapeat article for Dreaiing, Beautifylug,CI'NOAUIDK,Curling,Preserving and Keatonug t h e rial*.ladle*, try it. Kor aal* by 1/ruggiata and Perfcmer*.PERRY'S JAPANESEBOOT AJID HHOX POLISH. Splendid glo*a. No rubbing. 3o;la nothing,Sold eve:ywhere. JAPAAXta'PoLUtt Co.,No. 447Broom*-at., one door weat of liroadway.GUILTONONTHECROTON.The Diaphragm Kii^r ujanu.'acturcd by MCKKXZIX i . O'HAXA 1* the kinuof poroua Killer to which I alluoed iu my mcent re- porttotneCrotonBoard.1considertheartificialittudntono which cca*ti alien the Pilfering medium, to be an exctlien: arti-trary, the more statues we have recently seen, theclelorthepmpoje. 'iheiustrumeuti»quiteduraole,and'only thannothing. require* to be reversed equally to nware its action.The"Gridironbill,"socalled—designedtoau-thorize the laying of iron rails in nearly aH ourimportant streets not already thus corseted—finallypassed the Senate yesterday by a vote-of Ticcntyto Twelve—every Senator present and voting. A louder kind of scoffers, who suspect the publicmotiontoreconsiderwasthenvoteddown—19to spiritofLaw,anddoubttheimmaculatevirtueof —acopyofwhichwehavewithgratitudereceivedJAXK* K. CHILTON, M. D., Chendat.BILL'S HAIR D Y E , 50 cents; black or brown;inatantanetrcM in etiect and natural in color. Depot, No. 1 Bar-' vania, contradicting what we published last weekBeautiful and praiseworthy as this scheme looks on its surface, we are not without some of thecia>-«t., and aold b y all Drupgusia In the United ata'.es. Aino, i>yALLiBL«oaoi;xaT,forthebeautyandgrowthofthe Hair, and AXCTIC OiXTXx.NT.D R . MCCLDCTOCK'S COLD AND COUGH MIXTUREfromMr.JamesP.MorganofLancaster,whoinsisted that Gen. CAMERON was the strongest pos-siblenomineeforPresident,sofarasPennsylvania•speak with a little severity. Mr. Tenney's OrationU a combination of nature'* vegetable antidote* to the irritationand (tbtuibanco of the bieathiug apparatua. which produce colda,coo^h* h^aiaene**, and Soxa IHKWT. Price 2o cent*. Soid Electoral Vote if nominated at Chicago. W e de- tt3 1st';.,i*U. D e p o t N o . 1 6 i»etkniax»-»t. .John Pettigrew. These men saythat the whole ar- rangement is a delusion, simply designed to prevent %5 creation of any new city railroads which mightBA •> 'iiBLOR's HAIR D Y E , WIGS, and TOUPEES, clire to print these letters, believing them calcu-The introduction and passage of this bill throughMo abii.^iug. not turning up oehlnd. BaTCuaLOK's HAIR DTK, when it is'imperatively necessary that those already ih& bea- »t. u e world; the only narmfcaa and rvli&blo D y e knownfaction in our City yesterday, it being generally owned by Messrs. Pettigrew arid Law. They pointapply • ' ' " Factory, removed t o tio. 16 Bond-at. ."FWP'^ACJESTAMPS(3and10cents),forsaleat plefactthat'mai»y'PennsylvaniaRepublicansdenyto the fact that both Law and Pettigrew must beexi8tir.g .-hou'd be soothed and dispelled. The sim- tUUOttioi that Cen. Came/ou i* the choice of the People'sregarded as a scheme to divide about $1,000,0007 ^ iltrtdd of Progress, by ANDREW JACKSON par*y ia that State for President, and believe his DA.:,•»*newandneatWeekly,which,replacing nominathnatCaicagoinexpedient,isallthatneedThe•jiritval Telegraph,ha»reachedthisweekits bestated. th'ru . mber, in which we find the following:betweenthelobby-kingswhodevisedandtheMem- wellawarethattheGovernorwillvetoanysuch bers who voted or are to vote for it. monster monopoly as this bill proposes to establish;and therefore, they contend, the liberality of Petti- Itstrikesuathatthealarmthusevincedwas grewischeap,andthemagnificenceofLawcosts premature. ThisbillcannotpasstheAssembly himnothing,seeingthatthoyomyassignprospectivewithout essential modifications; and, if it does shares in a oompany never destined to be and never Gov. Morgan must veto it. His Annual Message designed to be established.Colvin,andwasmadeaspecialorderforthisevening. AssKMBT.r, March 8.—A Committee offi>ewas or-isentitled "Anacttoauthorizetheconstructionof hospital ofincurables—arefugeforthe lame,the withconsiderablealarm,that Mr.TenneycallsforThe House yesterday followed precedent and Mr. " a Railroad in Seventh avenue, and other avenues halt, and the lazy—as that Government Printing- more monuments—for statues of Samuel Adams,dered to report resolutions in regard to the Pacificthe Exemption Laws.revision and the retrenchment of any exorbitant " act to authorize John Pettigrew and GeorgeLawPBNIY8YI..VAHIIAThe approach of a Presidential Election isDemocratic Member of Congress franks homeat Canton in the year 1856 are in a fair way <* lhen Mr. Francis W . Hughes (who is now going athe Senate. He was^ollowei by. Mr. Benjamin (Dem., liquidation. Breadstnffs dull but firm. Consols delegate to Charleston) holds a debate with a lead- incurs. " era" with " oily-moutbed demagogues" will, noLa.) in reply. The West Point bill was then taken closed at 94\G)941 for money and &4J'©95 for ing Whig, wherein he gravely maintaias the propo- II. W e have now thirty-three States, with doubt, be highly solacing to the Hanoverian divine.np, and Mr. Wigfull (Dem., Texas) withdrew bis account. amendmentforanappropriationtopayTexasVolun-sition that Polk is a belter Protectionist than Clay ! another quite ready to be admitted—all of tbemWe think that we are proof against the agoniee ofmortifiedvanity;ifitwerenotso,weshould not here confess that, according to the eloquentInshort,to'swindleisthemostavailableaccom-doingliberalamountsofPrinting,yetnotoneoteers, and presented another specifying the items de-pired.Altereomedebatetheamendmentwasadopted. HouseyesterdaycontemplatingRetrenchmentand wire-wor&erinPennsylvania—themeanswhereby liketheproposedGovernmentPrinting-Office. If Edwin,weareinthesame'eategorywith"anowMr. Colfax'a, bill and report submitted to the plishment, the inevitable necessity, of a Democraticthem, to the best of our knowledge, having anytbingHOUSE, March 8.—Mr. Burch (Dem., Cal.) intro- Treasury by correcting wasteful abuses. W e fer- III. If we are to have a National Printery, why " vanishing of the staunch old gazetteers," and callsduced a bill to pay the expenses attending the sup- Democratic State Convention shDuld have hardenedpressionofIndian hostilities. Healsooffereda reso- ventlyhope thebill maypaas. Butweshallnot itsbrassuptothepointof passingthis resolve,to notPaper-Millsalso? WhynotGovernment farmsus all " a motley clan of Grecian Antenor*." W eHouse,anddidnotcomposeafourthoftheSenate.That the only Democrats from Pennsylvania it was Congress that failed, not the contract sys-vention at Trenton yesterday—Judge PORTER of against it. $50,000 over ! Of course, he put in a bogus biddo. 4<W tiroadxr^y, oor. Uoward-*t. Pacific States, on one line. The Army Appropriation thehigheM Premium for trne S>ewUu;-MaohLur wora: alao, hi^h-eat Piemium at the Jfair of ib e I'raukJiu ln»titute, New-Jer-K-y referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and eaeh Congressional District; and the residue chosen the utter knavery of the resolve above quoted— and then held the contractor inflexibly to his bargain,FINKLE&.LYUN'SSEWINU-MACHINESrccoivod billwasreported. Meesrs.Stanton(Rep.,Ohio)and firstthreebeingselectedfromtheStateatlarge; withnoregardtopolitics. downthecontractsystem.HadCongressprocuredthe hifcbeat Medal a; the Fair of the Axuertcan ln<tituto, with Curtis (Rep., Iowa) urged that tne bill should be the next five being named as Senatorial, one from —We might go on multiplying facts which prove proper specifications, exacted adequate security,bwte Kair, Sec, t c . Agenta W aniec. Utfioe, No. JOS Broadway.SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE.U8X7C1. 13 BVKRY tlut'-,a. KOKSAL*KYK»t.TwnxK*.Manafactured by H . C. SPAI.DISU * Co., No. 48 Cadar-tt.Poat-Oitioe addreaa,.Box No. 8 ovO.Tastelessasthehoneyeddew,Paioleaaiuiuactioncoo; Barnileaa aa the io»e» breath. But to wotaa immrdi*to death— BYAN'SVJCKMIXI.«Kofc.-urne I»tneiuotiier'*grandre»ouri».BRTAN'.H T*S'«KI.KI)» Vxaxiyvwa never fa»l» to clear the aya- tern rroru Worxna, and remove tne caiiae. Price '£^ dioiea per bottle.Soidby PK»you>, PAKKRR it. MOWXR, NO. 15 Beekznan-at.Messrs. Sherman (Rep., Ohio), Phelps (Dem., Mo.),and Washburn (Rep., M e), took opposite grounds,as representative delegates, viz:FKKI>. T . FKBfemOHCYSR},*) EDWARD Y . ltOOKKS,but to. what end ? Its authors intended it only for the contract system would never have even seemed effect on those who never see any exposure of their to break down. But Congress never even formed tricks,anddonotwanttoseeany.Ifnailing aJointCommitteeofthepracticalprintersineither cheats to the pillory were newin fashion, those House, and instructed that Committee to draft authorswouldhavebeenearlesslongago.II. N . Congar,Ex-Oov.W M . A . NKWKI.L. 2.JAMEST.SHKRMAX,William G . Lathr.op. Marcua L . Ward, Hugh H . Bowne.PHALON & SON'S " SNOW-WHITE ORIENTALCMBAX." l»r whitening and beautifying toe complexion. War- the jMetropolitanl'olice Act; to organixe a State Board the Delegates were left perfectly free to act aa^be pool of all scaly, serpentine, and creeping things in ably become a National Infirmary for broken-down, " Theramenes of old," and so rid this NashvillegoodoftheCauseshould-seemtoreqmre.*Th© thehabitoffrequentingthosetroubledwaters.We rum-sodden,rheumatic,gouty,dilapidated,orin-Delegateschosenwereactiveandprominentsup-,neverbeforeseentheartof"inducement"carried to such high perfection on so slender a basis ofofthecountry. EveryMemberwouldhavehis quota of partisan invalids to provide for, and woulditem. Mr. Sherman resisted this, and it was beaten " to construct, or to abstain from constructing, The boiler explosion on Tuesday last a t Easton, ' by two majority. I t will not always be thus. F o r " horse railroads in all such streets and avenues of Pa., by which eight persons were killed outright, some yearn past, matters have tended strongly " the City of New-York as may unto them seembut, ere this, we fear that the Editor of The Cleve- prevalent. A s M r. Tenney justly observes, " atwelve maimed, and three are missing, is reportedtoward the absorption of nearly all important busi-ness in the vortex of the leading Committee. M r.Stanton's motibn, if sustained, would have gone a streets and avenues, and purports to incorporate good way toward correcting this. There might, thirty-four favored individuals as the future pra- perhaps, properly be a limit to the time for which prietors of this unlimited gold mine. Of course,land Leader is nothing b u t " a damnation body," Tenney, attorney-at-law, Nashville, Tennessee.A terrible tragedy was enacted yesterday in Syra-cuse. A hasband, whose wife's honor had been the Committee on Army, Navy, or whatever else,tampered with by a phyeician, first poisoned his should koep a bill out of the reach of the House;with such a prospective Capital to dispose of, shares are easy, and "influence" fetches its very highest value. Each Senator suddenly finds himself offered the means of requiting with lavish hand any politicalservicewhichanypoliticalorpersonal friend .may have done for him. Thus, the amiable Andrew B . Hodges is made a corporator in grateful acknowledgment ofSenator Spinola'stwo children and then himself, the poison provingbut, with only such a limit, the reference moved byimpelled a man bearing the gentle name of Edwin,fatal iireach case. The man's name is Tinker,aud Mr. Stanton could not fail to result in good.' Its thatofthephysicianSearles. Thelatterhasbeen intrinsicproprietynoonecanconsideratelydispute.locked up in the Penitentiary to protect him from Suppose a bill were to-morrow reported from theto a revenge so stern.that on the Fourth of last July, Mr. Tenney was delivered, at Rome, Tennessee, of an old-fashioned Oration of that kind which warms the patriot heart and tickles the least susceptible diaphragm. This performance the admiring RomanB carried swiftly to the printer, and the mail, with its usual velocity, to Cleveland; when The Leader, either bearing malice or lacking taste, laughed at Edwin as heart- ilyasifhewereaGreatAmericanTragedian.Roiled by such an indignity, Mr. Edwin transmitted hisdeadlydefianceseveralweeksago;'sothatthe sorryjesterofTheL&iderisdoubtless,bythis time, an easy and comfortable corpse. W e avail ourselves of modern biographical license, and really can neither keep silent nor compliment the defunct criticofCleveland,ofwhomwefeelauthorizedtothe indignation of the citizens.Ways and Means, appropriating some Millionstoward thepurchaseofCuba,orthefulfillmentofWe fear the bill reported by Mr. Colfax yester- the stipulations of the New Treaty, or the proposod vote; and it will probably be expected, in all cases,day relative to the California Mails it* not so posi- Texan raid on Mexico, who can doubt that this bill that where the value of the gift is in excess of fairought to bo scrutinized by the Committee on Foreign remuneration.for past service, such excess Bhall beAffairs ? If not, where is the use of such a Com- paid over as a, debt of honor to the Senator con- hendthatmenwhowouldbidiftheMailworo mittee?Andyet,theHouseineffectsaiditshould ferringtheobligation. Inthismanner,theseven-tive in ita character as it should be. Unless Con-gress decides to send the Mail overland, we appre-absolutely to be carried will not trouble them- selvestosubmitproposals.Still,eventhisisbetternot have that reference, by its vote of yesterday.teen Senators who have been taken under the shed would have a large sum placed at their disposal wherewith to found a hospital for political Magda- leis, o r for any other appropri> ia charity unto them commended.,We have received several letters from Pennsyl-is concerned, and would certainly receive her •11. So the bill,goes to the Assembly.and with admiration perused—is, whether we con-sider it as a literary or Fourth of July per-formance, one of the most remarkable of theage. W e have read many F . J . Orations and list-ened to a very few; • but in none of those which wehave been fated to hear or inconsiderately requestedtoread,havewenoticedsomanybeautifulwords, DemocracyofNew-Yorkduringtheeventfulyears so many novel phrases, so many startling illustra- when " tho Btone which the builders rejected" daily tions, BO many ingenious turns, so much originality, adorned the head of the editorial columns of The beautyandvimasin.this.HowMr.EdwinH. AlbanyAdas. Mr.VanWyck,whonevergavea Tenneytrainedhimselfbeforeventuringuponthis voteforanyticketbutthe"regularDemocratic"« • m>.'' < e d . They are light, eaaj, durable, and lit to a charm. lated to increate. heart-burningB in Pennsylvania, the Senate excited equal astonishment and dissatis- interfere with the large interests in existing linesAmong the resolveswhile our space has been already occupied princi-functions are greatly lmpruvt d, and the patient, ao {AI froxu being Railroad. The Railroad Toll bill was ordored to a Sherman into a.mistake which will one day be Cor- " in the City of New-York"—'the' model'for this, no Office would soon become, the world has hardly William Wirt, Baron Steuben, John Champe,weakened. U novrimhea, anpporud, and vtrengtnened.ahua while Biui.vnaaTM'K FILL.* .uiely cure nhenmatism, Colda, Diphtheria, and Jfaiuiul AHection* general y , they neverthird reading.Also, the bill to provide for the pay-rected. The Military Appropriation bill—reported doubt, having been found in Senator Benjamin'sseen. W e trust Mr. Gurley's bill will be knocked Ethan Allen, Isaac Hayne, a n d " three of o u rinjure. When the severity ol the dioemte i* p<u»t, alter a few ment ofthe Floating Debt of New-York. Several daya the patitnt get* well. Jbte la not struck down by other andmore foiwuiabte aymptoma, which too often are the result of theiodine, the colchicum, or the other reuiediea which hav« bee iwhosenamesa r e n o t given. A sfrom the Committee of Ways and Means—comingvery stiff before it reaches a third reading.EI>-FIN ORA TES.We do not intend needlessly to alarm anybody;celebrated bill, which smuggled the Houmas Land other bills were also considered in Committee and or- up, Mr. Stanton of Ohio moved its reference to the Claim through both Houses of Congress. The bill dered to a third reading; amongthem the bill to amend Commit;ee on Military Affairs, with a view to its in question should more properly be styled " A n" Presidents,"respectful admirers of several of these great men, we protest against introducing them in any of those queer sculpturesque attitudes which are now.until 185(>, proved that, by uniting with the Repub- lican party, he, and. those disciple« of Silas Wright whodidlikewise,werebutfollowingwheretheir principles led the way.But the part of the speech whioh arouicd the ire of the practitioners under the duelling code, was the humiliating, because truthful, comparison it drewbetween the noisy gasconade prevalent below thePotomac and on the Southern side of the Represen- freedomfom"entanglingalliances"i«ofequalcon- parisor.8,crcroakingpredictions. Wearewilling, payingenormoustolltoBombody. Aretherenot ernor,thesetwooperatorshaveseducedseventeen of"phreneticprinciples;"of"churningthesen-tatives'Hall,mistaUedcourage,andthatunflinch-010>-UGAL PARTNER W ANTED.—RE- Y*>k.at LADIES, uaoer thirty, wlta dark eyoa and pJ.n/ip foixo- r.c«-e*odr»».B R,,Coventry,R-*• »• B.—Co«*- -pwowo.r* coaadenual. Good referenced^given.We print on another page the letter to T/wBaye8, in the Rehearsal, he took physic and was Inoneword,theopinionofthebestinformed bled. PossiblyhesubscribedtoeachbigDictiona-int« l'i^t nt Republican of our State, letting forth his U,H doesnot intimateaprelerencethattheseda-k- reason* lor desiring the nomination of EDWARDpanties here is that Messrs. L a w a n d Pettigrew Bimply wish to kill off tjb.e city railroads already needed by th* city, and partly under way, but forry, a n d swallowed both without partiality. W e incline, though, to our first suggestion; for there is about the Oration a very medical smell. Itey*x>. iu-i-botomed hoarie ehHll be u yet tingle, bat f>«prt:..u«i he meana that; though »ome Spirituallew BATES as the Republican candidate for President. eviac*.»penuatent affinity fox gxaa« widow*: BOu he We pre er this to other articles of similar tenor, really iu>* any choice in the promisee he might as well became it deals much in uoqaestionable facts andGAKPAICV Cn/a.—The Sixteenth Ward CampaignClub met hurt night in the Lodge Koom, No. 149 WeetSixteenth street, President Dayton in the chair. Theattenaai.eewasveryfair,consideringtheinclement otight,orthatifB.isnominatedweshallnottry weather, *iA the audience was addreased by Messrs. to make any. W e choose not to give plaoe to any Conway, Peckham, and Woodford. sentiment that wiil haveto be retracted or explainedOSMonday.on this interning theme, and we will publish so I the residueof the iniirket value of the franchisesFor the mirage of au immense monopoly held outby L a w and Pettigrew, and perhaps for moresolid considerations, our Legislature appears or, to epeuk plainly, that he compounded cathartio during the delivery of his speech. But we venture anxious to abandon those little green spots ill the pills before he drew declarations. Y et we conjec- to fay that he will not be frightened when the* (l desert ofLegislation which promised to give usa ture that ho has not been a constant lover; for madmen stare, nordiverted from his purposeevv«Ectntfg Postofoneknowntousasanactiveand isclearwithregardtotheessentialfeaturesofanyCity Railroad bill—unequivocal in its terms, and unequivocally right.Our City urgently needs more Railroads—we the explosion of this bomb-shell: and that, with a ehould have been delivered to an assembly of suck- think about as many more as we now have—and it full knowledge that such a network of city railroads ing sawbones. Mr. Tenney speaks of "gargling;" have iacitatad it. W e would not inaii-t that present not at all in personal disparagements, invidious com- seems very hard that we cannot have them without aa they propose can never be tolerated by the Gov- of " the clinic pang;" of " a bulimia for liberty;"seqoabce with plumpness of form and blackness of «y e, but it certainly seems worth thinking of.to the extent of the space we can spare for such a Senators into supporting their bill, in the hope of sorium;" of "lymphatic" citizens; o f " ventri- purpose, to let all views be heard, all candidates be men enough in the present Legislature who scorn conferring by it some favors on their immediate de- cles;'' of " typhoid" theologiana; of Hungarying eelf-possession, so calm and so effective, ex- hibited by the people of the North in many a bloody encounter on land and on sea, in tho wars of the Republic. The. contrast he instituted between BunkerHillandLundy'sLaneontheonehand, andKing'sMountainandBladensburgontheother, was no* at all to the taste of some of the fire- eaters, who tried by loud intonations and muchto will themselves outright for base lucre to let us have the facilities absolutely needed for traversing ourstreetswithoutexactingpayforit? Whatwe want(astheGovernorhasclearlyintimated)isthree o r four more City Railroads chartered under awayincaseofanypossiblenomination.With suchconditionsaswillsecure—first,thefair OSWKCO CHARTER ELECTION.—The entire Kepubli- only these qualifications, our friends are invited to and just recompense of those whose pecuniary oantickei was elected At iho Oswtgo Chaito*- election rend us any suggestions they may deem important rights are invaded by these roads; secondly, thatsuggested and commended through our columns,pendents. Such would appear the only reasonable "opening her blood vessels;" of " the bleeding explanation of the case; but the Senators have u joints.of a dismembered confederacy;" of " de-fallenintothetrapwiththeconfidenceandsweet "oxydizingtheacidBoffanaticism;"of"thesweaty unsuspectingnessofchildrenjustsheddingtheir "wrecksofthepast." Fromthefreedomwithmilk-teeth.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069barring out only art'cles which assume to demon-strate that with A . as our candidate we can make Q"advisable."The bill directly names and covers forty-eightsensitive organ." ing" would be the proper remedy.Untitled Documentsfewmuch-neededCityRailroads—dispensinglimited j there are strains in his stylewhich indicate noamounts of patronage to those who aided in their ! mean proficiency in the theology offche Hardshell Theprobableresultofthedevelopmentsofthe passage. Thedogs,however,arewillingtoquit per*ua8;on;andthatpartoftheOrationinwhichis the whole story."Who can fail to understand it 1in politics, as it "gilds but to decoy," increases "theinclemencyofcampaigns,""sliverschurcnet" and *'daggers families." To " theologasters"heshowsnotamorselofmercy. They "quitfcho * * Mr.GorleyofCincinnatiyesterdayreportedto "sinner'scomplaint"(wearetold)"tobewailthe House a bill to provide for the Printing of the " the National indispensables" and to "saucetheGovernment—Congressional and Executive—by "Almighty." The " theologasters" are such in- means of a Government Printing-,Office, or Printery, dusv.rious criminals that we have no room for a com- asourfriendWindtmereaccuratelycallsit.The pletecatalogueoftheirnaughtiness. They"rant"andsputter;"they"lungeintosociety;"they " lamm the eonservatist;" they make Christianity "aCirceribcupandaIlelleneanbowl." Indeed,I.OurGovernmentnowdoesbuttwokindsof sointenseisthedisgustofMr,Tenney,that,inclares the party inexorably hostile to Protection; lowest responsible bidder at far less cost than it now own way. His collocation of " slick-brained preach-have, in our day, received a few honest and a great Navy? Of course, we must have National Powder- many left-handed compliments, but we were never,But,sofarastherewas failure inthepremises,wayonthatbill,votedforit.That quite a number of Republicans, including XXXIst Congress, and obtained the work. • Con- dear, delightful breed of wooden heads is extant.assigneeofthelowestbidder)fortheprintingoftheBhuthiseyestothegeneralabuse,sothathispar- pally,itmustbeowned,byEdwin'soctosyllabic"pyramid in our hearts is tougher than marble," having received a metallic quietus from Edwin H . and must be a very painful affection of that ratherL e t them b e informed, then,masterpiece, is to us unknown. Perhaps, likewhich be uses these technicals, we apprehend thatMr, Tenney was admitted to the couch of HygeiabeforeheyieldedtotheblandishmentsofThemis; gesticulation,tointimidateMr.VanWyck,evenAnd while speak-" knell and buzzards chant his epitaph, yet the " jargon of their eulogiums cannot inumbrate his "sepulchre." Incertainqualities,webelievethatthis Oration will never be equaled; and that it will, with our present assistance, secure for its au- thor a very pretty immortality.ITIR. V AN WYCK'M SPBKCH.On Wednesday, a large majority of the House ofRepresentatives at Washington visited Mount Ver-. non. Mr.VanWyck,thememberfromtheOr- ange District in this State, staid behind and made a speech.Welearnthatitwasoneoftheraciest andspiciestoftheSession. ThoughtheHousewas thin, a goodly share of the Southern representatives were pretent; and, however *much disinclined, at the outset, to 1-sten, Mr. Van Wyck, ere he had done,notonlygottheirattention,butstirredtheirbile to the very dregs. The earlier portion of the speechwasdevotedtoexposingtheinconsistency of tuch of the Barnburners, of whom he was for- merly one, as now remain in the Democratic party, lis garnished tbis part of his performance with choice extracts from the speeches of Dlx, Van Buren, and others of that kith and kin, and with cutting excerpts from the history of tho radioalsicker at heart have we grown. www.fultonhistory.com 