 t£2throughout rate in- publie• of tha-!y aecuonaJ a return t £ Const?-with•eoa5»reforthein* ?«.astituaonv befound?Lincoln^jjore-xfcepulv an era of ffcehsrvior OA that oecaaion. We copy their oioquent gun standing in the room, and, though still alive, there of the United State* decide who Is the grcatoBt mental giant and: dining-roomr?to; partakcrof a lunch, which Hcall, was jknown as the Lowber property, bought of R. W . operation for nearly a week, in the same manner as Itwas no hope of saving him. Walrad^lDsiste^lia^'ha who ia the soundest' and eafost man to administer the various '•'promptiyrelBp^ded' Hi Sf$ ./,.-;•; Lowber by the city, for a market site, at an exorbitant wasbefore Jhe fire. Meet ofthe new stalls are painted***Thebannersoffbitropposingcandidatesarenow knewnothingofthe,deed,andthat,,tfhedidiChe unddiVertifiedinterest*oftheAmericanGoTermnent. ..„,.,.„,.', .....The,HaU„isveryhandsomelydecoratedwith.gaiy price,all.belongstotheState,togetherwithalarge $*j^^ Severalmf>tance* "Wi* iot*of the names as » not parl-our objects.>veTmfi«nl *PP<^tho*%Jpropoeedaa Gov*of the for ev3-wby whichus former.ihepTes- fiveotheVmi(N. J.> Wide-Awake8 and ojicer* of Wide-Awakes of fJury stoodjrine against and three forthe will; but itSoruftvonjedereitlenBurde. -.>•.;•; r. rWenndesGesangesRuferschallt _; . Der Mensch sich auf zurGeiSterwurdeUndtrittinheiligeGestallt., rf . ; . j ; , . . ' . . . . , , .formirable. IMr.;Adams,theconducter,deservesfullandotherWesterncitieshavecometodotheirbusi- abletoobtainemployment,andhavingneither>homa credit,anditrii'ayalsobesaidthatthereisanamateur norfriends,hadbeeninanalmoststiirvingcondmoat ladies^ chpras heie, of which New-York could be well riess, and see the ship at the same time. The cities ofproud,aswellinrespectofvoicesastraining.The Worcester,providence,SpringfieldjHartford,New- forseveraldays..Heisapaperhangerbyoccupation.' solos, by!Madariie Adams arid MissjSchmite, and* trt of bight *1,000 800 ing note from Mr. Slaughter, concerning Mr. W . %». argy. M. Jobard demonstrates in his memoir the pos- To Mary Ann, wi<3ow of William Thompson.... 500in the gei-publishesthe foliow-tb•; and w» ainatsup* and urge ortof tSe«aitt«e« Chairman.'*Presiden&t the room*•ureal, just ano. Itiat ell selectedrenounced! reckinxidge- lot pledgedare. •fcthe recent in Cincin- eD speech,,amialike audience,raia lixHi of ire of theas, an4 of ailowMr.She&ytr&eretire from crocate thaof Haver- .cate their >00 people* liveredbybinfull parade )members.f^the Jdadl bed thena, serenaded,s:rident,ie) friend" in oxter thatthe 4th of r.' Ifhe Senatorion. Mr. arch.- Alladdressed dby Tte' 22, I860, ocraoy but be hand* of would only • t-uding byFNSOJE* an proml- trailroad! cm New* Kereraog;morganof nor it i» pill carry ie Demo- are unit* agiasandldged by indidate* metropo* ie feeling azmnous. While in of things electoralrted w2I«peraon- «d with wingas Jorthera ork andoliticiana ie South 8 hoot at ade, and] Jat they link the. ring andiof their planof give"the ltly and!il rights, f> let ua 'fed*for a war."it* that ng'thia go and? a* and a great arenotvsaysy tceouat TheJt Oa session* rife*, essiaved to to the J*ea>uut of«ratic mglaa They u*ei»*J I400 300 200200 35050: 100muchadmiration,unfriendlytome. Itwasmygood soonafter.TheoriginalvineCoLPalmer,afewmoaths NorthElba,distributingthegoldasfollows:;To Barclay Coppic, one of the escaped...•• ;.* Amount held t>y. Boston Committee for contingent ex-•*••fceautimL fasciaating, aad really talented young ac- ing that it was in very bad condition, and that"it would tresses of the present day. She commenced her theatri- require much labor to make the ascent. They gladlywith garlands very neatly displayed over the music building is well ventilated. After the reading of a bbl». beef, 5 bbls. pork. 10 kegs lard, 6 half-bbls beef " family," 1 bbl. hams, 1 bbl. smoked beef, 6 boxes iron pots, 30 iron pots, storeofBloddgett&Baefordhere,andaccordinglyI portionoftheScripturesandaprayer,achantwas 100pails,2boxesalamodebeef,82watercasksforoil,6bundles willingly forget the" fatigue of a restless night in the sung by the pupils. Declamation, compositions, and hoop iron, 2 bags nutv, 1 bbl. salmon, 2 tuns biscuit, 80 bbls. navy dialogues by the boys and girls followed, interspereed bread, 20 tuns crackers, 3. bbls. vinegar, 1 keg sausages. 8 boxes«# *i *they fell from the lips of a robust little boy, JohnBrown's grandson, child of John Browa, jr. ThechildwasplayingoathegreenswardbeforetheCabinon the mountain. It was a bright morning after myarrival among the Adirondacks. Not dreaming ofwhat was passing in the mind of the young prattler, Icarelessly observed, "Oh! no, my little Doy; you cheaper this week than last—cheaper the second day ofwouldn't stab any one, would youf" With a solid the market than the first. In short, the break-down of and defiant air, that bespoke his inherited blood, andwith no wavering of purpose in his mien, he replied; the " operations for a rise," noticed under this head"Yes,Iwould,stabthemiftheyhurtmygrand- yesterday,wasstillmoredecisiveyesterday,and,ifitfather !'' Behold, oh! Virginia! The blood of the had not been for the large number of country butchersmartyr is already bearing its fruit! In the future of who came in and bought liberally, though upon consid- the third generation see God the Avenger tEight huadred persons assembled around the grave erably better terms than they could have doae onhewastobepaidattherateoftencentsperhour,the hearingto-day. Thecounselwereinattendance,butasthecase lowest rate of compensation, although his work had will be • severely contested, none of them apparently vrerein- been some of the hardest. There were 35 meals to be clined to goon with it in the middle ofthe Summer; and by con-,1among them. On our departure, the cheering of those left was endleBS. , .. The train set in motion at 6 p. m. from Jersey City,and hence the treadmill tramp and shoulder exercise issubstituted. The second part of the exhibition was antive power of the Government to the bands of a trait- attention of the North Carolina .Courts. It appears,ATO THE FRIENDS OF JOHN BROWN. : Quartett Verein, Sandusky, Ohio; Liederkranz, New York; ithe^city declineto^ ptnrchase, many sties which she has mense pile of xrigit-soll on the spot. Whyis this nui-Brttderhund; Tiffin, "Ohio: Liedertafel, Akron, Ohio: Eintracht, sance allowed to remain in the heart of the prevision, I Newark, N. J."; Sangerbund, Buffalo, N..Y .J Frohsinn, Pitts- ; effected to private parties will be invalidated, and theorous jacaon, and thus convert the glorious Union,with the «t*r of peace and happiness iUuminatiog everythat Mr. Solomon Hall made a will leaving one hun-Reception and Collation wiH be given theNewarkis said the Judge would have set aside the verdict-if it the following places: New-York City, Orange, and had been against the will. 'proceededtoBostonbefore making adistribution, ia order to act ia concert with those there who also bad a fund derived from the sale of Mr. Bedpath's Life of Capt. John Brown, and from,contributions paid to Wendell Phillips, anidother friends, including my pho-':•:••:,-• A»» S '-/^'.^ -"':'' - ;'::.4i'wifldisposeof itatpublicaucfloritothehighestbidder.Yancey and bis famous " scarlet letter:"' ATLANTA, June 16,. 1860.sibility of suspending life for aa unlimited period, ofrestoring the drowned to life after aa immersion of twodays, and those frozea after ten years. He proposes Henry Thompson..........................arranged a torch-light procession in honor of the guests. 1Tpppipi #•*•*• • — p gNEW-YORK DAILY TKHHTOT5, THURSDAY, JULY 26, I8».TM^Rili.a." Yours, for the Independence, the Union and Constitution, Ilands and the aairies of all the; Societies"which are}toftfa^ iiCf^*TM*»» *»<»8:-"}*&flapsti»dark musthavebeenasleep. He wasarrested, however, \:, •;>;•:•'-> "DANIEL PRATT,Jal, ...' /. ^y.;'^ participate m\;'the'fe8tival;,:Wst^/'ar6nnd thegallery amountofland^^^^^mjS^^m^^l^^^ e^htiyonesmipairthege/riThe CityInspector's durirpiag jfrounds are, at present, in a much more tolerable condition than they hare been before this Summer, although there is an im-esawnof piratical Abohuoujjm, and it remains to be and committed tojail. V r;, Men yfhe&er the people of this country, by refusing toaripport Stephen A. Douglas, wfll coosigti the execu- —An interesting will' case has recently occupied thejoverwhich theirJ respectivei hairiier&^awKplaced. The further north. ,;To Ruth,-eldest daughter of Capt. Brown, aad wife of an answer to the charge that Col. Yancey s letter to to replace the punishment of death by artificial catalep^ •To certain of the other sufferers, coloredPR. HAMBLETON—Dear Sir: I have long withheld myself was a private letter, and should not have beenpublished, for the reason that when (after it had been tization.published several months, and indorsed by his news- .—Lord de Bos, the High Constable of the Tower ofpapersupporters)thischargewasmade,I wrotealet- London,hasbeenmakinggrealimprovementstherebytertomvgallant friend, Soger A. Pryor, givingthewhole history of the correspondence. Col. Yancey cultivating the ditch and other available spots. Col. to North Elba, and, after getting a knowledge of the took it, contrary to my expectation, in " high dud- * Palmer of Nazing Park has sent his Lordship a cutting condition of the different members ofthe family, he geon." I felt that he was suxcere, and I did not de- from the vine plantedby the Great Napoleon at St. Hele- proceeded to New-York, and drew the gold, while I siretomakeagentJemanlforwhomIentertainedso na,shortlybeforehisdeath,andbroughttoEngland wentto.Boston,whereweagainmetvandreturnedtoAmong the visitors yesterday was the oldest, or one lead, and*half anhour in refutation. of the oldest, harbor-masters living—Capt. Corregia.Ifortune, while I w a s a citizen of Alabama, to eojoyan acquaintance with this distimruised champion of since, gave to the governor of the Hotel Imperial desSouthern rights. Iknowthatheenjoyedathomethe InvalidesatParis,haviagpreviouslyhadsomecuttingsTo John Brown, Jr.To Mary, widow of Wm. Thompson ToOwenBrown.....To Jason Brown »••**•*«•••*• 300 00keepersareinverygoodhumorwiththislivelystate ofthings. IntheNinthWard,a,largefour-story, aober-looking, brick hotel, .many blocks distant, has'thepriorityofthe dateofapplication,tillthesupply from the manufacturer equals the demand.reputation of being a clever gentleman in all his in-atmctsandhabits- Idonotquestion.thatheregardedhislettertomeasprivateandconfidential. Buttothestruck from it. . —ItseemsthatourArkansasbowie-knifemeleesareTo Mrs. Mary Ann, widow of Capt. Brown.. ToSalmon Brown.....:....i............... ToRuth Thompson.......................... T o Isabell, widow of Watson B r o w n . . . . . . . . To two of the escaped.......................•ZOO 00 20000 20000 100 00 10000facta: l a the office of a warm personal friend, I sat downand drew up a letter to Col. Yancey, ia which I con- not peculiarly American. A letter from Borne, in thegratulated aim Upon his nomination, by several pa- Patrietea.jB: r ; . T \ v '• 5era in South Carolina and elsewhere, for the Presi- "An untoward event has'just occurred at Frosiaone.thepointsraisedinmycommunication. Ireadittoafriend,whoknew thecontentsofmylettertoCol.Yancev. The question was raised, did the author in-tendthisletterforthepubliceye? Imaintainedthatwith. Accordingtoareportsent toBorneoftheaf- fair,upwardof100personsofallranksaadageswere wounded, some of them mortally.—AttheannualmeetingoftheBoyalSocietyofferredtheinquiryastothenecessityoffillingtheva- cancyoccasionedbytheresignationofJohnA.Ken- nedy, presented an extended report, setting forth thattionconcerningthemanagementofaffairsattheGov- ernment works at Sandy Hook, which, if substantiated, showsastateofthingsnotcreditabletothecontractors.SIR:Iamgladthatyouareendeavoring toextract someinformationfromtheNinthWardastotheitem* of the Japanese bilL l a case Mr. Starr should impart any,itwillencourageyou,Ihope,toaskwhetherthe-itwaspurelyanavowalofpoliticalprinciples;thatCoL Yancey was not the man to have one set of prin- Northern Antiquarians, held at Copenhagen in May,ciplesforthepublicaadanothertobekeptprivate. theKingofDenmarkpresiding,Messrs.JaredSparks Upon this score, aad upon the prounda that I had writ- and ^. C. Winthrop of Boston, with several distin- tentoCoLYanceytogethisviews'.,thathisfriends in guishedmenofEuropeandSouth America, were..theyhadlaboredundergreatdifficultymselectingasuccessortoanofficerlikeMr.Kennedy,inwhosein- HesaysthatonMondayhewasdischargedunderthe contractorstopaveTenthstreethavesucceededinhav»- tegrity, capacity, and energythe Board had such entire/ following circumstances:' It is the practice of the con- ing the contract signed without first paying $1,006 to>i 5J !i 1I 1;II i' hi'Georgia might know nis position, I refused to adoptthe suggestion of my friend to write .again to Col.enrolled as Foaadatioa Fellows of the Society..ful remembrance your affectionate regards for us. "Inconclusion"wewouldsaythatthegratefulfeel- ings of our hearts cannot be expressed ia words, forthe noble stand which you took in defense of civil lib-erty and the Constitutional rights of every citizen •^against the usurpations of power attempted to be ex- ercised by the United States Senate, and for the many sacrifices that you have made for the cause of univer-the Vice-President, Capt. CKABTREE, with a liberality andkindnesspeculiartohimself,offeredtoperform,in addition to hispresent duty, that also of Superintend- ent of Castle Garden, without any additional compen- sation. The Committee availed themselves of the gen- erous proposition,-and recommended that the offer be accepted by the Commission.The Committee also recommended that the salary of Dr. W . H. Cameron, assistant to the late Superin- tendent, be increased from $1,750 to $2,000, to take datefromthe1stofJune last,andthatthe.salaryof Jules J. Burian be increased $100,jmaking it$/00. The adoption of these recommendations will insure a saving of $2,000 per.annum to the Department. The Committee reported that three night watchmen chargedtractors to board the workmen, making them pay 14 certain parties for the trouble of legislation? If thecentsforeachmeal. Theprovisionshavebeenfre- bonushasbeenpaid,wemayexpectthattheworkquently too bad to be eaten, and on Saturday Fitz- will be undertaken before the frost.patrick, being unable to make a breakfast with the A TAXPAYER IN TENTH STREET.food setbefore him, asked the proper authorities for SUICIDE.—Coroner O'Keefe held an inquest yester- some butter. This was refused, as being contrary to day, at No. 329 Madison street, on the body of Mrs. Jane Col- lier, who committed suicide on Tuesday by taking laudanum. the rules. He made no opposition to this, but worked The deceased was of intemperate habits, and had frequently as well as possible without breakfast. The aext morn- threatened to kill hetself. A. verdict of suicide was rendered. Mrs. Collier was 33 years of age, and leaves- a husband aad sev-Yancey aad ask his permission to publish it.I said it would be an insult to Mm. It costs —The meeting of the British Association for theAdvaacemeat of Scieace,. which has just been con- to the public, for the reason that if CoL Y an- cluded at Oxford, seems to have been in some respects. . .The sum of $1,450 00 had been previously received ential office, aad stated that he had.many friends in During the drawing of a lottery or tombola which had by the widow of Capt. Brown and other members ofme nothing to say I am sorry I gave that lettereey deea-ee to have private purposes in politics unusually successful. ' The Atheneum sayB that the sal Freedom and suftering humanity. ,it should he ao special bnsiaess of mine to make them public. Thisstaleandoftenexplodedchargeof" pri-maininterestoftheweek unquestionablycenteredin"Mayyourlifelong bespared.togladden,byyour active sympathy, other hearts as you have ours, is the earnestprayerofyour grateful friends..«' RUTH B. THOMPSON,ing,Sunday,themeatwas soutterlybadthatalltheeralchildren. V. . ' V,• • • ' ! ' •vate letters which should nothave beenpublished," was theSections,wheretheintellectualactivities sometimesrevamped in the United States by Mr. Jefferson Davis, breathed over the courtesies of life like a sou'wester,who whilom denied that Gen. Scott was a brave man. cresting the waves of conversation with white and" MARY A. BROWN, «* JOHN BROWN, jr., •'JASON BROWN,," SALMON BROWN, / f* ISABELL BROWN, .men at table cried aloud against the imposition.. FATAL FALL.—An inquest,was held yesterday, atFitzpatrick upon this addressed them in an the New-York Hospital, by Coroner Jackznao, on the body o£ ironical strain, saying that the food was quite George H. Baker,.a native of Massachusetts, aced 35 years, who died of injuries received in consequence of falling from the ri*>" New-York City, July24, I860." ,; ^mmswmmmmsM^mmmWmmmms^k^ms^k^i^msmVSocieties are: "* ~ •t^-M^. ^^>'&#<&s$$ i triaderthisact^theEejjjll^ Gesangverein, Cleveland, Ohio; Liederkranz, Syracuse, N. Y. iy "The Great American Traveler.>i Haraonie, Erie, Pa.; Mannerchor, Philadelphia, Pa.; Mozart to obtain the land at a merely nominal sum. Shouldpe-mt of our social surface, and the God of Plenty pre- dred aegroes -and. other pr^rty^\hief only^child, a. DISTRIBUTION OF THE JOHN BROWN FUND. burg, Pa.j Mttnnerchor, Rochester, N. Y.i Germania^JPunkirk, iTreasury wfll be heavily-assessed for damages, in con- market of the'eity?'.'"'' - - n . n,,>sidingateveryhoard,intoseveraldetachedfragments.. daughter,whoafterwardmarriedMr.Neelyagainst eonvnJaed with the throes of civil war, anarchy, and his wish; whereupon he made another<wiH, leaving.*jjg| REPORTBYTHADDEUSHYATT. >•;,N.Y.;Sangerbund,Toledo,Ohio;Liedertafel,Buffalo;Har-monie,Detroit,Mich.;Mannerchor, WestCleveland, Ohio; ; /: : Teutonia, Allegheny City, Pa.; Arion, New-York ;JM^«ohor I sequence. " .T;'^^'-'•--'• - ?• '•''•'•':. '' -''.;•"• .".'.' ••'I » i'-' -• ,:v .,;/Vi .•.'»;•;.•,-(*•.'•'PUBLIC GRAMMAR SCHOOL EXHIBITION.—The yearly exhibitioa ofthe Female Department, Grammar School No. 43, corner of One-hundred-and-twenty-ainth street and Tenth avenue, Manhattanville, tookplace on Toea dayevening. Theexerciseswerevaried,consistingof reading, recitations, dialogues, and vocal and instru- mental music. The performances were well apprecia-ted by the parents and friends of the scholars, who Voted that it was very creditable to both teachers; aad children. Mr. Robert O^Glover, Commissioner from the Twelfth Ward, presided over, the exercises, which were conducted by Miss Barbara H. McDonnell and•FRiENns:Ishouldhavemadeanearherdistribution Colmnbus,Ohio]Teutonia,New-YorkfWyandot, S. B-vUpper |^f^^^ran^ol^ofS LandOffice arenowex* ;;Cfcueensof a border State,whichmustsufferevil*dotn©ehxirvneecanportray,intheeventof& hisnegroesfreeandleavingmostofhispropertyto ofyourgeaerbuscontributioBS.butiforaniacarceration Sandusky,Ohio;Concordia,Preaton,;-..€.W.j;Orpheus,Boston, anSp|g|M^fe^pi|S^bothatAlbanyandhere.^dissolutionofthisConfederacy,ourvoiceisstillforthe them. Thesuitwas tosetaside thelastwill.'An •ofthirteenandahalfweeksin,WashingtonjaiL On MaSS.'" •••'.>.' • •'_'' • ,' • • ' " - . ' , \ 0 ' ".''-..• '( •'•'';'. >''•» -^ •';.'-'•'• •-.''/' ;Pemocratic party, with its old landmarks of principle, hour after the case had gone to the Jury, Mrs; Neely. being released from prison, however, aad learning.'that The following inscriptions were in the center, also They have employed Surveyors, who are at workand,fortheeverlastingperpetuityoftheAmerican proposedtoreceive$13,000and$2,000whichthewill :allthemembersoftheJohnBrownfamilywouldbe surroundedwiSi flowers: ; ;, -;'.-.•y.' aJscertainiagthearea;,;ariddefinmgtheboundariesofOnion, under the Federal Constitution.", '. ;, , LebenathmetdiebildendeKunst, . , , . , . ,the whole of this property) aad when it has been sur-veyed theywill,at:Wee procee'd to sell it by privategave her; the estate to pay the Court costs, $800, she present at North Elba on the 4th of the present month,. • ''.;• '•:',••'. J Geistfordereich vom Dichter, . , ; ."•'.^n»eWilarAwakeaof Hartford irill nuike a grand to pay her own lawyer $5,000. The proposition was I went there. Having upon the ground informed my-, demonstration to-day and to-morrow. This evening a accepted. The negroes will be sent to Liberia. "The self of the condition Of each branch of the family, I*• AberdieSeeleBprlohtnur . r \ _Albany, Kl YV^ Boston, Springfield, Chicopee. Holy-oke, and Indian Orchard,Mass.; Watby, New-Haven, —The widow of Theodore Barker has waived herMeriden, Torryvflle CollinviHe, New-Britain, Middle- right, under the terms of her husband's will, to retain tograph fund of $2 600. The tot»l amount thus far towa, Berlin, ThompsonviUe, East and Wedt Hart- his valuable library ia her-possession, and has sig-. raised forthe family'inthis country iB only $6,150. ford,andmanyotherplacesinConnecticut.On nifiedtotheBostonCityGovernmentthataearlyall TheHaytianfuadwillprobablybeverymuchlessAfter the lunch, the singers were quartered with was visited yesterday by about 17,000 people. Ia thethose of thecitizens who wished to show their sympa- thy with the cause, and had'offered their; hospitalitv. In the evehingj the receptionconcert took place ia St. James Hall, with the following programme:PART.I.—FirstactoftheOperaVEuryanthe"-^.M:VonPART II.—iThe Gipsies—Becker.. 1. .The arrival of the Gip- sies...2. Dance around the caldron. 3. Song of theChief. 4. Encampment b y night. 5. A Gipsy mother sings her baby to sleep, o.Amneral. 7.DepartureoftheGipsies. "'•Friday evening i there will be a grand Wide-Awake the books will be ready for removal to the Public Lib- than this. I hope, therefore, that ihe sympathizingday committed to the Tombs a lad 17 years; of age, butthecrowdis'solargethatthegreatshipcannot be namedCharlesDuke, who had stolen a watch andratification meeting,afterwhichtherewiQbeatorch- rary ohthe1stofDecember. Thenumberof volumesgentlemen through the country who are mailing to theof the steamer are generally very polite and obliging, •traversedfin"lessthanhalfaday. Therearemanylight procession. Speaker Pennington and George thus added to the Library will, be between 16,000 and widow of Capt. Brown leather photographs of their 17,000,valuedat$20,000. V interestingfaces,with"offers"toborrowsumsofAshman will address the Wide-Awakes. They expect a thousand aad downward, will cease tormenting their overtwouxrusandWide-AwakesfromabroadohFri- .—M.EliedeBeaumont,"PresidentoftheFrench imaginationswithinflammatorypicturesofbagsofdaynight. Theyhavebeentomuchexpenseinget- AcademyofSciences,hasinformedM.Jobard,director gold! Therwidoiohasnomoney to.loan! Letthis tingupthismovement,andmeantomakeitthefirst oftheMusceBeige,thatacommissioncomposedof suffice. The$6,150hasbeendividedasfollows:MM.Chevreul,Flourehs,andYelpeauhasbeencharged TothewidowofCapt;Brownandhotthreechildren......$2,250toexaminehismemoironcatalepsy,paralysisandleth- ToJohnBrown, jr.................... To Isabella, widow of Watson Brownchain from Jacob Graf, of No. 15 Allen street. Thatig gan ofthecampaign. •—Tie Southern ConfederacyMessrs.Wehnert,Wagner,andStammann, werewell rendered. MissSchmitz was encored.After the concert, at 11p. m., the Wide-Awakea hadOver 100 torches went down Main street, foririiag ser- pent lines,'stars, squares, arid other figures. It was the best sight oi the kind I have ever seen.• This morning the grand rehearsal* took place, and to-night will be the concert. The weather is very fine yet,, considerably cooler,thariin New-York. The city is inexcellentspirits,andeverybody,AmericansaswellHaven, Albany, Paterson, Newark, &c., and all their surroundingsmallercommunities,arealsorepresented. There are riot; so manyfrom Philadelphia, as the citi- zens of that place will have a better opportunity of seeing the Great Eastern at Cape May. .«AccEPTED.-^Mr.yFrancis John Tucker acceptsthe challenge to meet one Col. Wm. C. Rote ia public de- bate oa the question of Popular Sovereignty, and will meet him on Monday night, July 30, at 7io'clookfat Clinton Hall, each to speak half an hour, CoL R. toTo Owen Brown.... >••*.»*••••« To Jason Brown.... •••»••••To Salmon Brown:. *•»•••••••«••••••«•« •«••••»•••••«••*•••••••<DEMAND FOR STAMPED. ENVELOPES;—The orders o€ Postmasters on the Department for the new stamped envelopehave accumulated sofastastorequireanin-pauses,, •«•«**«•*•••«• •••••••••«asGerriians, seemstoparticipateinthefestival.COMMISSIONERS OF EMIGRATION.•street-stands and refreshment tents on the pier are in fullblast,and,toallappearances,aredoinganexcellentMyfriend,JudgeAmy ofKansas, accompaniedmebusiness, while a lot of showmen in the vicinity keep . crease of machiaery oa the part of the contractor, G-1* •**•*•••••$900 00 300 00»«••*••* 30000NGeorgia who would be pleased to hear from him, and been got up there, two men began to quarrel, and soon the family. The balance remains ia the hands of thethai I would be glad that he would write to me his after drew their knives, and a desperate fight took Boston Committee,subject to the call of those to whom adopt such measures as they might deem accessary to cently decided that the law was constitutional, the.viewsontheremedyforSouthernwrongs,suchas place. Thecrowdsoonbecamealarmed,and,fearing itbelongs. Isubmitthefollowingletter,signedbye thought might be due to some mismanagement on by the cars.the refection of Kansas with her Pro-Slavery Constitu- that the combat might become more "general, took to tion.. Imaintained that theDemocracyhaddeceived flight inalldirections. Thepublicsquarewas almost,as, and could be trusted by as ao more with the guard- deserted, when a body of 80 gendarmes, who had beenianship of our interests; that w e needed a movement of assembled at Frosinone in consequence, of the fete, the honest men of all parties to cleanse the Augean seeing the people running, thought that a riot had com- Stables at Washington. When Col. Yancey's reply menced with the revolutionary party, aad, dashing offcame, I w a s surprised at its tone. It did not discuss m pui suit of the fugitives, sabered all they came upCapt. Brown's widow aad children: "NORTHELBA,EssexCo.,N.Y.,July 14,1860."THADPEUS HYATT, ESQ..—Dear Sir: The great kindness you have manifested toward us. as a family, inyour efforts to obtain for us the means for our pe- cuniary relief, which you yesterday distributed so ju- diciously to the various members of our family, has placedusundernewobligations."Wefeelconfident thattheamount(2,600) couldnot have beCn more equitably distributed than it hasbeenbyyou. Thegenerousandself-sacrificing man-nerinwhich'youhaveperformedtheworkofkind-ness you undertook on our behalf, calls for our warm-estthariksiBeassuredthatwewille1verholdingrate confidence. AtarecentmeetingoftheCommittee,wrecks, of which the one named in your iaquiry is one; onehasbeenremoved,andtheothertwowillbe 'Of this I should have thought nothing; if I had notcalleduponCoLYanceytodomethejastacetopublish theseSectionswereasinterestingandamusingtothe "OWENBROWN. "MARY THOMPSON." ethersappointedintheirplaces. tobefoundwiththecontractorwasthathedidnot occurredonthel3thofAprillast. TheusualverdictWMren-brilliant foam. The flash, • and play, and collisions in. that my countrymen will censure the course that I then audiences as i&he battle at Faroborough to the general, matter. It is something to have "looked into the eyes of The Committee recommended that, in Justice to Mr. put the whole iato one tub, and call them to partake of » I ' i'..myletterwhichdrewhisresponse, i have ho fearstook.CoLYanceywrotenothingmoretomethanhe Britishpublic.TheBishopofOxfordwasfamousin,Friends,IamfullyrecompensedformylaborsinthisJohnBrown!"Itissomethingtohave*•*lookedintotheKennedy,hisaccountsbeexamined,andthat,all itlikeswine;fortheywereinaUnitedStatespound, SUPREMECOURT—CHAXBBRS—Jr/wr25.—BeforeJu*tic*had indorsed ia Tne Southern League, which was af» terward greatly modified by;a distinguished Ahv- bamian. Henorhisfriendshavethoughtproperto repudiate it. While the question of the Union is at-stake,thepeoplewillcarelittletoknowwhetheran obscure man violated private confidence. I am now . satisfied that this flimsy plea of " private letter " shall continue,iftheythinkithasmerit. Ionlyaskthose who desire to Know the truth to take this case as I have stated it, and decide as to this " confidence "eyes " of his noble family—illustrious survivors of an moneys transmitted by the friends of emigrants to emi-grants in this scountry and uncalled for be deposited in and ought not to be treated like men. On Monday. LBOSAKD. ..THE GRIDIRON RAILROADS—THE PARALLEL ROr/TE—POSTPONEMENT. TheTrusteesoftheSailors'SnugHarboretaLagt.TheMayor, ice, ct aL, grantees, Ice.The order requiring the defendants to show cause whytbeyshouldnotbeenjoinedfromconstructingorpermit- ting to be constructed, the Seventh-avenne Railroad, otherwise known as the " Broadway Parallel Road," waa »ei down, forthese intellectual contests, but Dr . WheweH, Lord Talbot de Malahide, Prof. Sedwick, Mr. Crawford, and Prof. Huxley each found foemea worthy of their steel,andmadetheirchargesandcounterchargesvery much to their own satisfaction aad the delight of their respectivefriends. Thechiefcauseofcontentionwas the new theory of the Developmeat of Species by Natural Selection—a theory open to a good deal of personal quizzing, without, however, seriously crip- pling the usefulnets of the physiological investigations on which it rests. The Bishop of Oxford came out stronglyagainstatheorywhichholdsitpossiblethatSpirit man may be descended from aaape, in which protest '•ays that, ia his encounter with Idle Boy, a ferocious he was sustained by Prof. Owen, SirBenjamin Brodie,horse that he lately tamed, Mr. Barey had a large piece Dr. Daubeny, and the most eminent naturalists-assem- iorn out of his left coat sleeve by the teeth of the vicious bled at Oxford. But others—conspicuous among theseillustriousaire! Charlestownhasnotputoutthehero; some iastitution allowing interest to depositors, the morninghewasdischarged "forabusingand cursingi question.J AS. S. SLAUGHTER.PERSONAL. * •BULL'S HEAD.—Cheap beef is again in order-sent an order was entered adjourning the case till the first Mon- deducted, at 14 cents each.. This would reduce the $10 day in September next There being a formidable array ofcounsel engaged, the claims of the respective partieswill be / ; to $5 10. Mr. Fitzpatrick states, however, that he, closely contested. , .was paid only $4 25, and he thinks he has.a right to Barney, Butler &Parsons appear for the plaintiffs; the Hon. Greene C. Bronson for the defendants, the Corporation; and R. complainthat,havingbeendischargedforremonstrat- F.Andrews,H.W.Robinson,Wm.M.Evarts,andCharle*ing against putrid meat for which he must pay, though O'Conor for the other defendants. c'"/—The London correspondent Of Wilkes'sthe editor of which says that if $2,500 is paid in to . hind the match for $10,000, it is probable that HeenanwiHaccept:ALBANY, Ga-,July14; 1860. | To the Editor tf Porter's 8]tririzqf Vie Time*.DEAR SIB.: I purpose to jnatch a negrO boy named ,fjbadxick, belonging tome, against John C. Heenan, in a ring fight, foraaysumofmoaey ranging from one ' toten thousand dollars, the fight to come off ia twelve . months from this date. The boy weighs 192^ pounds,all actual truths, even the last humiliating truth of a Charlestown throttles in vain! God and the Adiron-and keeping a clothing store at No. 142 Eiver street,nowalager-beerlaloon. Shesoonafterremoved ally,andatthepropertime,sankintoaswoon.exercises, and other branches.A company of aboutboxes jellies, 40 half-bbls. flour, 15 boxes soap, 10 boxes candles. The manifest sets forth that the cargo is to be landedhisfiresstillliveandburniahisdescendants,.burnia Commissionersacting,astrusteeforthemoneysthus the seething blood of the third generation." I'll stab him! " I was startledat these words as deposited. The report was adopted and the BoardMr. Mclntire." He denied the cursing entirely, and protestedagainst-beingdischargedfornofault. The time for which he was.credited was 100 hours; for thiscame in aad obtained their supplies at $3 or $4 a head pedigree not registered in the -Herald's College. The dacks still stand. John Brown has passed from earth below the first day, and double that below last week—itime sinceposed of in dog days, in one week, in this great metroAt 6 o'clock, last evening, they had removed nearly all the cargo to Wheeler's stores, where it will be ex-" amined at an earlyday. Thefirstthingthattheoffi- cer came across upon opening the hold was a large ca-he week. — A shortlies stilled amid the shadows of these mountains, and 'dose, the market place appear} likely to be cleared, somorning.M. v. B. Wilcoxson, Assistant District-Attorney, for theUnited States; Mr. Stoutenburg for the accused.[Advertisement. ]six feet two inches high, aad 27 years old.'_tf Mr. Heenan sees fit to accept the above challenge, upon exploring one of the mines. After making the tism of a life celestial, immortal, and divine!for a quarter. There are at least a dozen things there worth alone usually termedfcnexhibition, but what the principals emptied into the dock, and in addition, there was the price of admission. Instance the Giant Baby, the living Seaannounced on the programme as a " Reception." This found a tank containing about 1,000 gallons of water, Lion and What Is It? the Albino Family, Grand Aquaria, aad th performances by Budworth's, late Woods Minstrels.jfpropose that it be left to you, the precise time, place, and terms, on which the fight shall take place.I will deposit with yon a check for • the amount if Mr. H- consents to wager, provided that amount isover one thousand dollars.Yorni, &a, JOEL BELVTJ3W.—Edwin Booth, the young tragedian, has recentlymarried Miss Devlin, aa actress of some celebrity, ofWhom The Troy Budget says:: " Miss DevHa is well known as one of the mostNorth Elba, July 16, I860..THADDEUS HYATT.SINGER-FESTIVAL.cal career ia thai city ia 1854 aa a ballet-girl, ia the oldTroy Museum, during ihe management of it by ' thatmold of form aad glass of fashion,' Gus Fenno Herfather at that time waa a poor but honest tailor, livingaccepted the task, and ia two hours more succeeded in reaching the top safely. Whea at their residence, and after a full coasideratioa of their peril, they very natur-.rail-cars, the unsatisfied trouble of getting something for the inneirflman for extravagantly high prices, which, when at last with peril of your life obtained, was bad/ drugs and medicine*, 1 keg drugs and medicines, 5,000 feet lum- with class examinations ia mathematics, calisthenic ber, 12 boxes cognac, 12boxes cordials, 25 boxes vegetables, 2cold and pulseless.forever! A myriad still survive(Bays a correspondent o f The him; stillleft, still loving; warm and throbbing; histhatweseethat4,800headoffatbullocks canbedis- lyingsouthofthepassintbeAtlanticbasin,Brooklyn.heart-beats perpetuating; taught by his example thatPhiladelphia Press) two young ladies from New- life's great end is life; taught by his example that politan market. /THE GREAT EASTERN isnotonly filling herowa coffers, but is also filling BAHMPM'S MCSHUM, for everybody goes direct from the big ship to Barnum's to see the greatest combina-York were onavisitattheresidenceof theSuperin- tendent of the Great Forrest Improvement Company's Mines, ia the Schuylkill coal region, aad determinedhe only lives to self who truly dies; taught by his,ex-amplenow even a felon's fate and a felon's scaffoldmay become irradiate with light supernal bv the bap- Grammar Department of this school gave what is boose, and utensils. Eighty-two casks of water were tion of amUrement and entertainment ever offered in the worlddescent, and while some distance in, it was discovered that the earth had caved in, blocking up the entrance and cutting off their egress. Upon examination it was found that it would take three days to eflect an open- ing. After a brief consideration of their position, one of the three men (miners) who were withthem, was reminded of aa air-shaft, through which, possibly, they might make their escape. He weat to make an examinatioa of it, arid returnedin two hours, report-THE BUFFALOdepartment alone numbers about 350 boys and 300 girls, the majority of whom were conspicuously ar- ranged upon elevated seats in the hall occupied by the Primary Departmerit. The large room was crowded with spectators, the great majority of whom were of of the gentler sex. Notwithstanding the heat out of doors and the crowd within, the room w a s not uncom-and another cask which held about 4,500 gallons. The following is a copy of the manifest, and the cargo,_.as a general thing, seems to agree therewith, although there are many articles not eaumerated in it. Capt. Faunce thought she had provisions enough to last, her five years: . -MANIFEST—100pipesofmm 200boxesherrings, 5 casks cod- fish, 12boxescheese, 4 bbls. ale andcider, 6boxes wineand liquor. 2 basket* champagne, 110 half-bbls. nee,' 12 boxes gin, 10[Advertisement.] 'FANCY CUTLERY, embracing a large variety ofSportsmen's Pen and Pocket KNIYBS of the most rare aad beautiful patterns, many of which have never been before ln*-• Correspondence of The N . Y . Tribune.BUFF ALO,Mneic exalts each joy, Allays each grief, Expels disease,And softens every pain.July 24,1860. .Vported.GAS,great manufacturing depot for new styles of Gas FIXTUR*S, fcc, ate. W AKWBK, PKCK & Co., No. 578 Broadway, opposite NtbteV Garden.[Advertisement.]Thefollowing twoPATENTS forSALE by ANDSK SABATXBR. at 129 Spring at.: BX.AOK FRKITCK Vaxsnsx, «uKat>l« for varnikhing all kinds of Leather, such as BooU, Harness,'Met- als ; also, FRBKCH POI.ISK, for parlor and other Furniture. AS the above dapot these Varnishes are offered at the loss prioeaof 30 cents a bottle. MMitasy- Accoutrements rejsowed at s>I a set.JZEW-JEKSEY ITEMS.•'""'• ' '•JERSEY CITY LINCOLN AND HAMLIN Wina-A.wAxas.i—A large and enthusiastic meeting of this Association, took place at Commercial Hall, Jersey City, on Tuesday^ evening, Mr. Bamsay in the chair. A resolution wast unanimous!v passed to procure blue uniforms for the; members. lousing speeches were delivered by Messrs. Green, Wm. B. Punning, Judge Marsh, and others.- .. * ' ,,-/' WIDE-AWAKEExcuRsiON.—About300oftheWide- AwakeaofNewarkleavethatcitythismorningoaaa excursiontoHartford, Conn., returning on Saturdayafternoon; A '••• —^— •.••;..-. •. OUT or DANGER.—Hugh Conroy, whowas stabbed byPeterVreaardonthenightofthe9thinst,inJerseyCity, andalso JacobMartinwho.was stabbedbyMichael StarkeronThis is one of the mottoes which are surrounded fortably warm, owing to the singular fact that thetwenty young ladies went through a series of evolu-hence to Boston, where her extraordinary dramatic —The deathof Mr. Gales (says TJie Albany Journal) and cold. Well, to this trouble every traveler is more tions with sticks, a la Chicago Zouaves, much to the at Cape Palmas, the Leeward Islands, West Coast oftalents were developed, aad she soon became a star of revives a remiaisceace of the only time his paper (The. or less subjected, and so I will aot be aa exception, delight of the audience, A squad of boys were then Africa.no ordinary magnitude. She has in the interim per- National Intelligencer) ever suspended publication. It and complain too much. W e started on Sunday at 51 put through a series of marches and countermarches,The Kate is a beautiful model, and all the appoint- ments on board seemed to be A. No. 1. On deck are severallargeIcoopsandpens,well stockedwithyoung pigs and chickens.The officers have given the vessel a complete over- hauling, and will next examine the cargo.DOGS.—Uptothepresenttime3,007dogs havebeenbought up and drowned at an expense of $751 75. Itwasintended,byloweririgthepremium,topreventboysfromgoingintothebusiness. Toallappearancesthatobject has not beea effected. Dog brokers keep cribsfull of dogs, brought to them by boys, and paid for ata considerable reduction, which are turned over to theformed at all ofthe leading theaters in the country.'—Among the visitors, at tip Yale College Commence- • was a warm and able advocate of the Madison warp. in. from New-York, foot of Duane street, in com- £any with the^Binging societies Arion, Teutorda, andiederkranz of New-York, Orpheus of Boston, and Eintracht of Newark, N. J., numbering in all aboutkicking out with the left leg and striking out from the shoulder—all of which, no doubt, is conducive to health. There is no gymnasium attached to this school,meat was Mr. Joshua Dewey of Watertown, N. YM the oldest living graduate of the College. He entered his ninety-fourth year in April last, and enjoys his bodily and mental facnlties to a remarkable degree.•—The Memphis Bulletin announces that the unfor-policy, seconding the efforts of Clay and his compeers, and so powerful was its influence, that when Gen. Boss, ia command of the British troops, entered the' capital after the unfortunate affair at Bladensburg, his firet mquiry was not for the Capitol, the President's250 singer* and 50 guests^ with a number of ladies as it is feared that the boys might hurt themselves;tunate misunderstanding between Messrs. GaOaway house, or the departments, but for The National In- and the whole journey did not present any extraordi- allegorical fairy performance, entitled " The Flowerand Yerger, resulting iaapersonalconflict,hasbeen telligencer office, anditwas the first establishment naryfeature worthmentioning. We arrivedhereat Queen; or,TheCoronationoftheRose,"inwhicha11 a. m. on Monday. A t the lapt station, Lancaster,settled,aadthatthepartiesarerestoredtotheirformer demolished,causingashortcessationinitsregularpub- Mr.Nevins,Mr.Hoffnian,andseveralothergentlemen number of youngladiessangasong:,apiece,and•;Qrl; itamicable relations.. *—A correspondent ia ClovesviBe, Delaware Co.,IS. Y., writes that a young married man of that place lavingrecentlysuddenlydied,hisbodywasexhamed sad subjected to analysis, while a Coroner's Jury was summoned. No.tracesofpoisonwerediscovered,aad the Jurydecidedthat thedeceasedcametohisdeath fromcatoralcauses. Theremainswereaccordingly reinterred; but still the community were not satisfied,lication. With this exception, The Intelligencer has has beea published regularly for sixty years.of the Central Committee, came on board, and ex- amused the audience with solos, duets, and choruses.All present were pleased with the "Reception."THE STATE LANDS AROUND;WHSCiTYi—Thelast Legislaturepastedalawproviding'that the CommisJ eionersoftheLandOfficeshallmake asurvey ofall thelandsaroundthisielaud,outsideofthe line of400 feet from low water mark, which line is the boundary of the city, as fixed by the Montgomery charter, and bythevariousactsoftheLegislature. Alllaudsfilled inoutsideofthisline,afterhaviagbeendulysurveyed, are to be offered for sale by the Commissioners of the LandOffice,atsuchpriceastheymaydeemproper,to the Corporation of New-York. If tie Corporation elect to purchase, then theControllermaypayfor it by the issue of bonds, payable in thirty years, liearingsodotherchemistswerecalledupontoanalyzopartsofthebody. Thesedecidedthatthepresenceofarse-ale was clear, though in small quantities. ' Conse-qoently,anotherJuryhasbeensummoned,andthe. insolvent,knowinghehadbut£100ayear,toindulge •widow of thedeceased hasbeencommittedtojailto ialuxuries,aotto;sayvices. Theinsolvent hadbeea «waittheresult. She is butseventeenyearsold,aad contradicted on oath by twowitnesses;aridhemust said to he in appearance guileless. { deal with him as he would with other persona, and un-thismarkettothegroundonlyafewdaysago. The Mechanicstreet&ndtheflamesspreadwithunusualrapidity, marketmenhavebuiltuptheirstalls*new,andthe, untilwithinafewmomentsthelargefour-storybuildingwaaea» Urely wrapped in flames. In a short ueriod the fire oommrml- place has been decidedly improved in appearance. In* cated to the large coach establishmo&t of Turnbull St GomorMlL abrickbuildingofgreatdimensions,spreadingthroughitsentire lengthwithrapidity.TheDepartmentmadethemostdetermined effortstostayitsfurthe-rprogress,althoughanimmensesheetof flams rolled out from the buUdiDasgijsioo fire, threateningto destroy thenumerous manufactories on everyside. Itsoon commaof- caUdto the upper part of the large SsDflMvex-plating establishmeBt—A strange affair recently occurred at Columbia, der the penal clause of the. act he directed that he Xx>rain County, Ohio. John Squires, aad a cousin of should be imprisoned for six calendar months from thei : V;interest at 6 per cent. .'-:!:^ .' ;V:^:'"': are generally about twelve feet in night, and theiridsnamedWallaceWalrath—-thelatternotmorethannineteen years old, had been in the habit of sleepingtogether. One morning Walrath left the house early, challenge extraordinary:There are Country Row, River Row, Center Averme,thenreturnedtohischamber,tbeacamedownamong iUJfiuniry,aaymg that he waa afraid h* m\d hurt his •OBsmia his sleep, for that he laid in bed covered with •Wood. Aaexaminationdisclosedthefactthatyoung 8qnir«hadbeenfatally beaten with the stock of achants'Row. '^;. <•, '.-•':"') '.:':••. •"'"•% DROWNED.—Coroner Gafihey held an inquest t»—Lord WiDiam Godolpbin Osborne, a son.of theDukeofLeeds,receatlymadehisappearancein,theCambridge (England). Insolvent Court. His debtswerestatedat£1,0666s.lid.,biscreditors includingtailors, tobacconists,amoney lender, a liverystablekeeper,andacoDege'tutor. Theiasolventsaidhewas ExchangeandMainstreetstoSt.JamesHall,thetwenty-five years of age, and that previous to his com- mgofage,-hisfatherhadonlyallowedhim£12a year. Hehad,howeversinceincreasedtheallowance to £100. The Judge coxidemned the conduct of theheadquarters of their festival.. ' .' The streets were very, handsomely decorated, and many"welcomes"displayedinwordsandfaces,the cheering and the waving of handkerchiefs ofthe ladies from the windows; in short, all was made to widen theheart,tofeelthatthereissomethingniorenoblethan.thefeelingofdollarsandcents.-;Theeatranceof the hall bore the following^inscriptioa > .••NurwememHerzempfttrigUchfUrdasJchSne "• M • JmBusensohlagt,1stwerthdaoaerdiejMusekrbne." •,-•• ;•• . • .[Souinz.BR. THe St James Hall, although very large aad spa-cious, is yet too small for the great concert to-night, where from 500 to 600 singers will assist, on account ofwhichtheRailroadDepothasbeeaprocured,arid aa improvised concert-ioom beea made of it. . _"Mr. Moviui introduced Mr. Wiser, the orator of the occasion,-whopresented-Mr.Alberger,theMayorof the City of Bufialo. The Mayor, ia a few^ appropn- ate words, welcomW the guests, and assured them thatpremiummoneyfor148dogs. ,.' . m<• RECONSTRUCTIOMOFWEST WASHINGTONMARKET.-^ Scarcely a trace remains of the great fire which leveledaSendingphysician,Dr.Quidor. Conroy'schancesforrecoveS- were considered but one i n one hundred. %DESTRUCTIVE CONFLAGRATION IN NEWARK. 4— About 1J o'clock yesterday morning a destructive fire broke <*at in orabout the engine-room of H. Sauerbier. cutter, Nos. Tsmd adate of the vesting order.streetsandavenues are precisely.the sameasbefore;—We have been requested to publish the subjoined "I, DmaielPratt,jr.,Anointbyttepr«M.throughouttheBroad Avenue, Fulton Pier, Vesey Pier, and Mer-'<m - TuesdaynightonthebodyofacoloredwomanhanaodAnnaEJUs, who was found in tiie water at the foot of Eases *****V Jersey City. The deceased waa about 40 years of age. and he* been employed on board the tow-boat Satellite as s^waiassa Iti»»uppo«f.dthatshewasdrownedwhileattou&pttngtop>jm boardoabaturdaymght 4verittgtefM-MndUttwaSd^»*» rendered^world M the groat Americantraveler and editor of The Gridironand independent candidate for the Prweidenor, will challenge ingoodfaithaadworkstheHon.StephenA.Dooglaa,theLittleGiantofTJHneii,tomeet'mein'theAcademyofMusic,CityofNewYork,seatweek,toameat*!combat,toktthe p«ofi« Secretary,«">»***%***• 8**** *° P1^064 w '«••j- At several places throughout thie xniniatora tity, de- voted to the appetites of New-York, may be seen a'.•:>i .' ', • .pre8sed*their joy of welcome, in words and acts.^ Ar- . rived at our place of destination, we were heartily re- .-ceived by the Buffalo Liedertafel, and Stingerbund,about90inall. Aprocessionwasforme1inthefol- lowing order: Band of music. Liederkranz, N.Y. Orpheus, Boston. Teutonia, N. Y. Arion, N. Y. Eintracht, Newark; all'with flying banners. TheBnf- falo Singersclosedtheprocession,whichproceededuppound-keeperatstated times. TheCityMarshalre-cently paid one of these brokers $37, which was the the 16thinst, were yesterday pronounced out of danger by thoix-0 nothingwouldbesparedand ^ffii^4 S«1}Stheirstayasagreeableaspossible. Mr.Hotrman,theUntitled Document•":•'"• - ;v,V ,. r ;:' /Polyhymniaaus. • . SCHiLMia.:. sale to the city; Or, if the city does not purchase, they ;boardthevessel,assheistheonlyshipfromwhich so many cases ot so grave a character had been received. The subject was referred to. the President of theBoard.Visiters.to.thethipwill find a little guidebook, compiled by Mr. B. S. OsbOrB, very useful.in a lew days.o. w. a.' '' • ; %'" : 'H ' '^'^nj^^^l^^0^^^^^^^(Rreat EasternThisisthesamevesselfromwhichafemale. passen- .: ' ' . < • > ,;• " . . • . - ; * . '•ger was removed to Castle Garden,- where she died. COMPLAINTS FROM A GOVERNMENT WORKMAN.—A VIRTUOUS COUNCIL.morning, usually, there is a sprinkling of about twentyper cent from the more remote country, and manyothers from cities round about TowardI noon:and. nighttiwcityvisitorskeepuptherush.Theattaches-•HITNGERMAKESATHIEF.—JuisticeBrennanyaste*-.'• The attendant was very fine, and the execution ad- Canadian excursionists here.; Some from St. Louis ' youth urged as an excuse for the theft that he was un-formerly of the U.S. Navy, now 86 years of age. The ;':'i5 114 Jup a continued jabbering from morning till night, toinveigle country folk into their exhibitions., The hotel templated. They will be filled, however, according toTherewasafullmeetingofthisBoardyesterday—PresidentVERPLANCKinthechair. Fromtheweeklystatement, it appears that the number of arrivals to the25thin8t.wa859,217."Tosamedatelastyear,45,729.Aggregate receipts, including commutation or passen-; hoisted the sign of " The Great Eastern," and numer- . SUNKEN VESSELS.—" Whose business is it?" is the gers, $168,495 28. Disbursements and current experi- ous smaller establishments have adopted similar titles.' heading of an article mquiring who is required by law ses,$153,11361. Balanceinbank,$15,38167. An excursion partyj aumberiog about 600persons, toremovesunkenvessels. Answer: ByalawpassedA comtounication was received from D r . Ford, call- ia April, i860, the Pilot Commissioners are required to- ing attention to the fact that there had been admitted under the management of CoL Sam. Cooley of Biart- do so; butthe law having been signed after the ad- to the hospital up to date 22cases of well-marked ship ford, a portion of whom came from Northern Yermbnt, journment of the Legislature, and the Supreme Court fever, which were landed from the Liverpool ship arrived ia towa yesterday morning, by the steamer having decided that a law signed after the adjournmentCynosure, on the lOfch inst. The Doctor said that he Elm City from New-Haven, and visited the Great of the legislature was not constitutional,.the Corneals- . reported \ the matter • in order that the Beard might Eastern during the day. They returned last night by sionera did not act. The Court of Appeals haviag re-Ereventarecurrenceofsuchastateofthings,which thesteamerTravelertoNew-Haven,andthencehome CommissionershavecontractedfortheremovaloftheseThe Castle Garden Committee; to whom was re- Mr. John E . Fitzpatrick has given ,us certain informa- To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.with neglect of duty had been, discharged, and three good enough for them, and that the only fault ging of the brig Demo, where he was employed- The accident dered.adjourned.• -;:;;ir••'/:•CITY ITEMS.-«•>-The examination of Wm. D. Haight on the charge THE SUSPECTED SLAVER KA TE.—For the last three of committing peijury on his examination as bail for Henrico Da Costa, was commenced to-day. Mr. Fabb ofthe United days Deputy United States Marshal Thompson, a n ! States District-Attorney's office testified that the accused had Capt. Faunce of the Revenue cutter Harriet Lane, as- sworn falsely in regard to the number of judgments on record against him. Commissioner Newton and Samuel Anderson, a, into the everlasting heavens, but the mantle of Elijah sellers say $10 a head. Finally, as the day draws to a sisted by Officer O'Keefe, have been engaged in break- Deputy Sheriff, were examined and corroborated Mr. Fabb*« disputeatleastmadeOxforduncommonlylivelyduring remains. Andwhatthoughtheheartoftheprophet ingoutthecargoofthesuspectedslaver"Kate,"now statements. TheexaminationwasthenadjournedtoThursday-of Jonn Brown on Independence Day; and, standing Tuesday, there would have been several hundred head • anhnaL Iiuck2y the arm was not injured. Prof. Huxley—expressed their willingness to accept, upon the great rock that marks his grave, the prophets—The following challenge appears in Porter's Spirit, for themselves as well as for their friends and enemies, of a fiery dispensation reaffirmed his prmciples! left over unsold. Some of the wholesale butchers alsoWARD SCHOOL No. 49.—Yesterday afternoon theThe''madelands,"towhichtheabove act applies,include, on the North River, the ferry landings of theHobokea and Jersey City Companies, West Washing-ton Market, the Hubert-street Fort, the Battery for400 feet front, running back about 800 feet%thencealong South street, at the South Ferry, and variousplaces along that street to Corlear's Hook; and thencetoGrandstreet,Broomestreet,Delaacy«treet,iand straycarpenterorpainteratyfork; buteverywhere the dry dpek foot of Tenth giaceetu The prejfcrty * theusualproducebusmelwiagou^on,aiidhaabeeaia/-'.'he could not eat it, he was paid less than belonged to bim by the lowest computation of his employers.UNITED STATES COMMISSIONER'S OPPICE—Jcx.Y4$.— * Before Commissioner MOKKL, •THE DA COSTA BAIL CASE.steadofthoseirregular,raggedfAanties,^^madeofold androughboards,thenewmarket stalls,thoughlight andunsubstantial,andalsobuiltof wood,areuniform in size and shape, andrather neat in appearance. TheyefNicholasFaanesa,No.$Meehaaiestreet,exolusivolyoccupied by him. Here, by unremitttng exertions, the fire was shsyed i » thisdirection. Ontheeastside,however,itcommunicatedtosvLager Beer Saloon, and from thence to the building of Gardner it aonnell,whereitwaseffectuallyarrested,doingeomparetif«s> littledamage. Alargeamountofpropertywasdestroyed,aad was only partially covered by tasuranoc. .roofsa^^^^lS^^S^S narrowwalk.. Thaher assistant teachers. . ' i^V'-V:- •F . Nesbitt of this city, to an extent not originally con-•-• iFor sale b y J. tc S. 8AUNDHHS, No. 7 Aster-place. [ Advertisement]G A S , - -Dealers are invited to call at oari. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069».!,'•• ii ....>*~tt*.<^t*+;in"if.tie*.aatstaawww.fultonhistory.com-—- •• am<mmmKSBsa^•^n*i*^n«Aw^«j.».i 