 NEW TORE HERAU), fHtfBSa4,** beeves, 131 c«-* 6» »*»»*, l*r5&4 sheep sad industrious citizen. The gambler and the the British empire, and for the means to sup-r NEW YORK HERALD. lambs, and 5,587 swine.Que piece of apofl. Brady, the incorruptible— engineering busixk-ee. and is to get all the credit whom ten thousand doUars cannot buy—the of the work, that ho (the Chevalier) will defeat eloquent, whose Billingsgate shames that his- Lincoln in the State oi New York. The Cheva- t o r i c l o c a l i t y , o f c o u r s e w a s f o r e m o s t i n t h e l i e r W e b b i s c l a s s i c i n h i t d e n u n c i a t i o n o f ranks of too violent speechmakers He thought Greeley, for he starts with quotingfrom the proper to assert that the reason why the press orations of Brutus and Marc Antony; he is of the city, with one accord, exposed and op- "rituperative, for he calls him a hypocrite and a posed thfc outrageous swindle, was because^ traitor; be brings natural history to his aid. forJ A M f e - HO O B D t f d I f l l l T T , KDiltjR AND PnWWETC*-Tbe s*ies of «**•• ftstereay embraced afroe* $00 a TOO b a l e s , c l o s i n g w t t f c s t e a d t o e a s o n t b « b a s i s o f q u o t a - t»o_ given la another column. Letters from responsible ami we« tarformsd persons residinc to the beat cotton Stales of Ibe Gnif speak of great injury to the crops from ibe prerailiag drought. Tney say that the corn croprowdy always fatten cpon the locality wheregold is discovered; and there, outside the paleo f t a w , a n d a l m o s t o f c i v i l i z a t i o n , t h e y i n d u l g ethe gross propensities of their nature withoutlet or hindrance. The only remedy for the lions of these are thug lending a powerful sup- evils which this class entail upon the commu- port to Britain's sway, one hundred and eightyorNCI w. w. conN«n ©* HASSAC AXS ruifow sts.TMM0S. tmt* *• «•*«"•«*- Af—*» •—t fcy «Mrfl W#il V" • « ' V b_ been BMsantnatf destroyed, aad that in many rich nity is a Vigilance Committee. Deplorable i s millions oi laborious Hindoos, guided by Eng-H»lT7 "«* w~fer. I'vtogr ttamp* not rorwwj cu •aAwrtjrf<aM cotton districts K wms estimated that the yield would fall the consequence of resorting to this means of land's skill and ruled by her wisdom, cannot reporter of some obscure paper did not gothe compares him te a viper and contrasm a_n *T»ADAitT BT.HALDttromf*pero—- 97jMrawtiurn. *oethirdsnortofwhatitwasbwtyear. Whilethecrop safetyinSanFranciscowas,itwastheonly maintainsocialaadpoliticalvitalitywithout enoughofchampagne. Theprospectoflosing witharhinoceros. Iafact,theChevalieri*iny l « WKBMLY Uf.HALD. even Saturday, a / «ix tmUyer af 18S9 is estimated at over 4,600,000, estimates In the thing which ultimately restored that city to assistance from the imperial treasury aad im- a share of the proceeds of this base cheat seems a terrible passion; and, under the motto on hieal « J MM* jwr copy, M per«»mim to any part of Qreat Britain, r 3 | « g ^ n r l ijr (A# Cbnltmrnf, to(A fa include pottaft; tXt IfcAvk—«a AttKot. rmthttlh mud SNA of each month at nx cattt met iw>, o r M H prr aninrm,letters referred to reduce the > K.Mof the present grow lug crop to 2,700,000 bales, ahile others more sanguine Stop at 4,000,000. The receipts at the seaports since the fat of feptotnber last have reached 4.443,000 bale-anything like peace and quietBrougham's Sneer a n d Dsvllas* Silence-. F ngland and theUnited States as Raiers of Inferior Races.perial armies.Enthusiasts may proclaim visionary theories;fanaticsmayciteindividual ins-aceeof hard-to have driven some of the Aldermen mad, and banner, of ''principles, not men." he runs awaythey are naturally indignant with the indepen- from principles altogether, aad snakes men the dent press,which stands between these forty special butt of Us wrath.TW FAMILY HERALD an Wednesday, at four cento perlYUCATAHr iVRRKSPOynENVB. ronfUing important against3,080,000inW», and3,061,000in18M. The ex-ship or cruelty,such as all societypresents. The conduct of Mr. Dallas, the Minister of and setfsufficlent philanthropists may assert thebanditsandthepeople'spockets;for—Wliat rogue e'er hit the halter draw, W'Uli good opinioa of the law*Therepublicanpoliticianshaveevidentlygot into a delightful snarl all round. They seem to be working bard, not to carry the etseston, but to see how they can best abuse each ether.ttohfilM/rom any quarter of the worldi if peed, teiii b* paid for. t&- Ova FOSSICK CoautroRBwm u i _ _ v K u i ' u i u to 8«AX A _ U n u t A » PACK-Wirt OS.ports have reached 8.7W.O0O bales, against 2,935,000 in I860, sod 2J58SjOOO in 1868. The stork on hand embraces 170.000 bales, against 140,000 at the same timethe United States in England, in not reseating } the insulting sneer addressed to him, in his ca- padry as the representative of his country andpurity and holiness of their motives; but all ofthese must be judged by the aggregate Of goodor evil,of misery or happiness, which they Pas81DENTIA- ELECTION.—In another part ofirOTICK taken of <Me»y mow correspondence. i rryetted comma*iruiton*.We do mot VKBTUtEMIUiTH renewed rpr-v day: adeertinemmf* f»iOtm POUTICAI.CkHtS-aWOKOaWO- ANO THErrjeetod cummtmirations.in 1060, sod 114,000 in 1868.torflouryesterday, aad,the receipts being moderate,• <A*Wmir Ha*_D, rmiLT liuuu), ami v.f*«<ja_amd f)ftrpfaK Kdition*.PKUfTJ^v laoeittoi teilk neatnemt, tneapneet Omd dtprices for most descriptions of common aad mediumTHE NEXT Vicracs or THE Ai_a>v REOESCT— its institutions, by Lord Brougham, at the meet- bring to mankind. It was these aggregates tins day's HERALD will bo found a batch of po- A Varr FROM DKA* RICHMOND.—We lately re-r\ o r _ m e X X V .A_UBs__*T8 THIS ITBXUI0. wmi/vs OABDKN, Bra-war.Mo. » 1 3PsareaMing of the Statistical Congress of all nations, is which Mr. Dallas should have presented to the litical correspondence, all bearing more or less ceived a visit from Dean Richmond. He was deserving of the severest reprobation i t the assemblage where he was insulted with Phari- directly cu the Presidential election, and giv- introduced by the Chevalier Wikoff, previous toWUfTKS OAXDRN. Broadway. M M * Barf street K«*I Otuaraaa—KioranaiiT—MAGIC t i w n i .but the occasion and the assembly rendered to sit and silently permit his country to be in- As to the South, in one letter we are toldsuch a course on the part of Mr. Dallas one of sulted in his person is of tittle consequence that the friends of Douglas, in Tennessee, areimperious necessity. In a Congress presided The fact shows his. unfitness to he a representa- going over to Breckinridge; while in another be near the Regency, as we would be thus over by the Prince Consort of England, and tive of the American people, and the govern- we are informed that in Louisiana there is a enabled to give it a sharper stroke in the ribs.LACSA KKXirrS TH-ATBX, «M Broadway.-Ovm lOd a lOtfd., and flour st Is. THd.AwSS—*• COOS—. _______BOWXRT. Bowery.—JSAS R«i-Amman or LIS S i c — « a .IJCTM'S AMEBICAH MUBKT/M, Broadway -Day tad,The Crisis—The Position of the t»o«th—The W a y to Defeat Lincoln.The disruption of the democratic party hasprospect of a union between the Bell andDouglas men. In Georgia w e are told none ing himself in good company, did not curse-.Ktmiori—i Bonos, D_rcu, Bnaueav—, Lrrno thrown the political elements of the South intoa, an. «»—»___ tTTOVA-VAJtiKTrBB,CT_U__street.-DBMSBtu.-M. psawaaaa—an—Finm AMPtUinuu.CI OARDKH, Po-tsema •troet-Too-t AJTO I*-OODCIAT.SANTF.RBUnT COKCRRT SALOON, 6*3 BroMwsf -a state of confusion from which it ia difficult nowtoestimatetherelativestrengthofthe several parties in the field in that section. While the supporters of Bell and Everett would have us believe that they will certainly slip in between Douglas and Breckinridge, and carry off at least half a dozen Southern States; and while the Southern supporters of Douglas pro- fess some confidence in their ability to run the election into Congress, so as to leave out Breckinridge and Lane, the Breckinridge party, whichismuchthestrongestintheSouth,is evidently becoming stronger every day. ThusBritish empire, were present, a deliberate sneer,emanatingfromignoranceandmalice,and BritishColonies,bischaractershinesout whichourreaderswilldowelltoqualifywithaoftheRegency! Theirbargainsaadthew0_H»S, BoBLoara, Ao. lo. *MBROADWAY^ew York, TkmrwUiy, Aag»»t », I860.T _ « We—'». HeGre*tEasternreturnedtoheranchoraged*iog the first night out, which, together with ot^er interesting matter, will be found fully re- ported elsewhere.neglected.We pass over the speaker and his malice. HeDA WSH,Insure his overthrow. In Texas a correspondent States that Douglas will have no ticket, and the vote of the State will be given to Breckinridge. In Virginia the democracy are all at sea; anddivide and defeat the democratic party in 164& He is. politically, defunct ever since. Daring the present year they killed Governor Wise, and they slaughtered Daniel S. Dickinson. They tried to kill Douglas at Charleston and Balti-hdrv yesterday morning, bringing, in addition tothiwe she took away, many who came from CapeMay. Great dissatisfaction appears to have beeneRpreaaed, owing to the inefficiency of the arrange-ments for eating and sleeping. Ladies were com.-peeled t o sleep on deck, drinking and washing waterwis bought at all prices, and the occasion gene-rally eeema, in a pleasurable senie, to hare been a It will be a conservative effort to supersede fafnre. Severalrichscenesoccurredonboardsoon, Bell will get the electoral vote of that They are now, however, more successful. Having State. In Missouri the democracy are equally got bim fairly in their clutches, they have slippedthe tbtigs' noose adroitly around his neck, sad that will be the last of the Little Giant They will consign him to retirement in some Linden- wold in Illinois, as they have done with Van Buren in this State for the last twelveyears.|"he Prince of Wales continues the great objectof [interest among the people of his mother's Ame-riopn dominions. Yesterday, at Halifax,the grandregatta in honor of his visit took place, and passed These parties, however, are industriously venti-Bell run against him. If there were no othercandidates but Douglas and Lincoln, it wouldbe very problematical whether the Littleoff in a very satisfactory manner. In the eveningthtjre w a s a display o f fireworks. T h e PrinceIt-a(veaHalifax todayforWindsor,whencehewill whichtheSoutherndemocracyhavebeenso proceed to New Brunswick.distinguished for the la3t three or four years, iugnst was ushered in yesterday with a degree down to the explosion of the Charleston Con-of Cold very ttnnsual at this season, but not the le>s vention; and all these disunion souvenirs areagreeableonthataccount. Theweatherwasa thusbeingreproducedinordertoweakenthe delicious compromise between the torrid andAs the bear of the Regency has made no bar- gainwithus,andcanmakenone,weareper- fectly free to send an arrow into his side when-frigid—justthekindthatgivessatisfactiontoevery- body. The following table will exhibit the degrees of Iheat in the shade, as marked by the ther- mometerintheHKRALDoffice,duringthelasttwo days:-AvquM 1. 76 clegs.78 " 3"P.M 87"78" 4I"P.M —"81"Breckinridgeticketamongtheconservativede- mocracy of the North.The Northern democracy should not be led astraybythesedevices. Theonlydangertoand gallery watching his every movement and mocracy will go for Douglas, but there is not gesture, and casting envious glances at his the slightest probability of his getting the elec- fortunate partners. I heard more than one toral vote of that little State.whisper, 'What a beautiful dancer!' as heII ©'Jtock, A. M 1J[ '• Mdanger which will follow Lincoln's election. The defeat of Lincoln, whether by the Electoral Colleges or by Congress, will be equivalent to anewleaseofsecuritytothe Union. And hehad never existed. Fox, Burke and hosts ofEnglishfreemenwentdowntotheirgravesdespairing of their country, while the youngerPitt deserted totheKing,and therepresenta-tive places of the people were filled with cor-rupt war contractors and the paid mercenariesof the Court It was our victory and our ex-ample that gave new life to the cause of popu-larfreedomin Great Britain, and really securedThis mass of correspondence shows that while glidedinthedance."Hemustbeveryhand-.theforcesofLincolnareunitedandcompact,•/«/; 31 84 de«fc 86 "the Union which we have to fear will be the the liberties of England were as though theyVISIT OF THE PRDNCE OF WALESTne Delight and Knthmtaim of Use NovaScotlana—The Regatta in Honor of the Prince—The Prince at the Bati-5J » P.M 8« " 80 "An important meeting of the American Enr/i- may be defeated. But how? Not by runningsome. Before, we heard of his brilliant hazel eyes; now we are told his "almost Roman nose" is equally fine. Halifax is one grand carnival, so popular is the Prince; and as for the ladies, they are dying about him.Since the time of the Black Prince, who was the idol of the English people, none other has ever been half so popular as Albert Edward. He is*a prince, therefore, of the good old school. The Black Prince Edward, who, at the battlethe hosts opposed to him are divided and splitup and warring against each other. If they llIs Visit to the Former Reatdenee ofneers' Association waa held last evening to discuss two contesting democratic electoral tietets in the late boiler explosion on the steamtug J. C. Mm-tura. by which one man waa killed. The Committee this State, that State or the other, but by the c f Investigation reported that the boiler was one that union of the party upon a single electoral ticketwere all united to a man against him, his bare defeat would be just as much as they could ac- complish. But divided as they are, what other result can there be than the triumph of Lincoln?amid the thunders ol a royal salute from the baUenes and ships, and the cheers of a vast multitude, for the Kile, to lunch * 'Ukt&* Admiral and witness the regatta.in every State, and for their strongest candi- ler, on which it was employed before being placed dates. And who are their strongest candi-At the ball last night the PrioCe conducted Lady Mul grave to the refreshment room at eleven, and to sapper at one. The toasts of "The Queen,'* the '-Prince Coo sort," and the 'Prince of Wales," were proposed re- spectively, the last being received witl •JntkneuWc hur-had been rejected as of no further use by a propel-latter for Southampton and Hamburg. The ra took out fifty passengers and $438,013 in•ens, the Chairman, introduced him in a neat speech, TSOCBLE A.MOKO THE Bl.ACK REPUBLICANS.— when he responded to the lew hundreds present, ieaoaaf-dates. They are Breckinridge and Lane.The Breckinridge ticket, we have said, will,the establishment of the boasted liberties of En stand.Pcnuc DECEXCY.—George N. Sanders, thedischarged Navy Agent at this place, has writ-ten a letter abusing the President. Nothingmore natural, livery one, in private life, ex-pects to be abused by the servants he dis-charges; Sanders did precisely what Pat doeswhen he is kicked out for insolence, or John,when he is shown the door for making freewith the contents of the pantry. In Sanders'case the solace of abuse was the more conge-nial, as Sanders has, in his time, abused almostevery good and honorable man whom he hasbeen permitted to know. His gross attacks onSenator Hunter, General Cass, and about halfthe Senate, because he could not secure the Lon- atoci Lord St. Germain.-, to the dockyard, and emi>irke<t,There was a better demandgenerations have ruled the public opinion and the probabilities are that, on the day of the the public policy of England, and who, quickno airs, but. on the contrary, makes every personPresidential election, the South will be a unit in support of tne Breckinridge ticket.feel happy and at home in his presence.He evinces his delight and gratitude at in a fog, and' Bell's chances there are the best.This concentration upon Breckinridge will beaSouthern but not adisunion movemenlWhen we come to the Northwest and the Northeastern States we find the same confusion. An Illinois Douglasite attempts to show that Douglas can carry his own State. He could asthatdisunionalternativewhichwillinevitably follow the occupation of the federal govern- ment by the anti-slavery coalition of the North. At present, except fTom the parties opposed to Breckinridge in the South, we hear very lit-political tomb for a number of other men mixed up with his fortunes, among them Mayor Wood, who gave up everything—sacrificed his fine position at the South, and his great strength intle of any disunion agitation in that section.Giant would succeed or not; but as mattersnow- stand his success in Illinois is this city—in order to bo band and glove withlating the secession speeches, propositions, cor-pularity of Douglas is great, but so is the popu- larity of Lincoln. In this State our Albany correspondenceinformsustheBellandDouglas forces will unite: but that will not prevent the State from giving its vote to Lincoln, unlessdeath, and will cheat him in whatever bargain they make with him, as they have always cheatedandalwayswillcheatthosewholet them come too close to them.respondence, conventions and resolutions forin the steamtug. and exhibited a specimen of themetal of the boiler—a piece of rust-eaten ironab^ut one fourth of an inch in thickness. The in-spectors,onmotion,werecensuredforneglecting theSouthernStates. Wethinkso,because,in centurywithgreatlydisproportionatepopula- ofCressy,adoptedfromthebraveKingofBo-in all probability, command the suffrages of allSince that time the two nations have trodden rival paths of greatness. Beginning the presentrahs. The Prince took part in every dsuce till s quarter tothree,when,lookingasfreshaswhenhe ~JC,heled Lady Mulgrave to her carriage, and went home.directed personally at himself, and through bim at his country and its social and politicalinstitutions, called for instant refutation.either incompetent for, or false to, his trust; and it remains for the independent press of New York, in permanent Congress of intellect assembled, to fill the duty which Mr. Dallas hasto perceive the mote in their brother's eye, and failing to perceive the beam that is in their own, have placed their pride in a self-satisfied ability to organize and govern inferior races, of whose capacity and instincts they know nothing,exceptthroughfallaciousandimprac- ticable theories. It is the two kindred nations, sprung from the same stock, that stand ar- raigned before the assembled world; and by their works shall they be judged. They come not as mother and daughter, for their career as free and constitutionally governed nationsdates, in fact, from about the same period of time. If either nation has precedence of age asafreepeopleitistheUnitedStates. How- ever far back in history the germs of English libeity may be traced, they were nearly if not quite extinguished during the infamous reign of GeorgetheThird. Whileourfatherswere strugglingfortheirrights,andaftersecuring independence—bringing their genius to the mighty task ef laying the permanent founda- tions of freedom in our constitution and Union—brighter and brighter, so that by the time he arrives among us all will be prepossessed in his favor. Already every one pronounces him acapital, whole-souled fellow.Unlike a haughty, supercilious, empty headed,unfledged lordling, looking down upon all men without titles as an inferior set of human beings, to take any notice of whom would be-iendships can only be compared to the em- braces of the bear, who hugs to death thatto condemn the boiler.the Board of Councilmen met last«\ ening, whena large number of reporta were disposed of. Thebill of John H. Steel, amounting to $359 46, forrebinding and repairing books in the Street Com-missioner's office during the year 1S.33, was referredto the Committee on Finance. The Comptroller'scommunication, asking for an additional appropria-tion for the year 1SC0, including the sum of $103,000for; the Japanese entertainment, will be discussedai the next meeting of the Board. The Comptrol-lers weekly report was presented, and shows thefollowing:—Balance in Treasury July 26, $670,30357J receipts from all sources to July 31, $131,736 23; ties. The slavery question, paramount in thetotal amount, $802.039 So. Disbursements, $297,- North, is the vital issue in the South; and upon enterprise and versatility of our people; the were not born a* prince, was" a terrible fellow entertain a pitying regard for him. 144 8 l - Balance in hand, $004,894 04. this issue of life or death the position of Breck- vitality of our institutions, and the policy ofour government, all defy intestine commotion, tfternoon. but transacted no business of import- doubts or equivocations, will command the and challenge the admiration oi' the world.among the ladies; and by all accounts Albert Edward is breaking their hearL by the score. And it is not to be wondered a t He is young and good looking, has good sense, makes good speeches, is good humored and good natured, aSome wag said that Sanders' letter was likeThe Commissioners of Emigration met yesterday inridge, being clear, simple and unmixed with<|r - at* quiet and unchanged. Teals are in de- Untitled Documentfound it necessary to form a Vigilance Commit- the argosies of commerce that once crowdednever was a case of gross swindling so strong asthispresentedtohimbefore.Thepublic will be very much disappointed in Mr. Haws ifhe does notnothiafnnt unrui fl_ n_«v r •».:,. AThe Chevalier Webb is in a terrible wayaboutGreeley.Hecomesoutyesterdayina •hareinthehonorsaadexpensesoftheirvisitandg'-*'•tions—the one having eleven and the other three millions of people—wealth, trade and mechani- cal appliances, they stand, at the end of sixty years of intense application, side by side in the possession of all the material elements of na- tional greatness. In the moral elements a criti- cal examination would show that we far surpassv i ?w of the future, the necessity for the present,more pressing than in 1856, of the unity of theSouth, will make the South a unit The peopleof that section will discover that, so far as theyare immediately concerned, Mr. Douglas is inthe way, and that Mr. Bell can do nothing. Wesuspect, too, that all such Southern coalitionsas that lately entered into in Georgia, in the Britain. With a government still fearing to name.adoption of a mixed Bell and Douglas party educate and arm her people, England still He also recalls the memory of another Prince electoral ticket, will operate to strengthen stands on the verge of revolution; while our of Wales, "Hal." the "sweet wag," who was Breckinridge with recruits from both those par- common school system, the activity and energy the boon companion of jolly Falstaff, andAt the Newfoundland ball he danced eleven of the thir- teen dances, but last Bight be was the hero of serta quadrilles, four waltzes, four gallops and three po_uHe waswhich he loves.Van Buren was thus hugged.of our religious establishments, the intelligence, whose sayings and doiogs Are recorded by Sbakspere. Hal, who was as natural^as if hedon Consulate, are still a source of shame and sorrow to the few good natured persons who*Rce. The President stated that forty-two casesof skip fever had been seat to Ward's Island dur-ing the week, chiefly cases from the ship Cynosure,frutu Liverpool, and that one death had occurred cracy are in a fair way to an organization we come to the point in question—that on beautiful dancer, highly accomplished, and the first composition of a half-educated colle- He returned to the landing s='t ps at half past six B o y - at Castle Garden. The weekly statement showed which Lord Brougham founded his ignoranttion fund, $19,281 76.The Board of Education met at their rooms inwastheAlbanyRegencythatinterposedthe VanBuren movement of 1848, by which Gen.rnthisfieldeachhasdevelopedboththeoryand practice to their highest results, and byLetgrandballsbegotuponamagnificent scale, so that there may be a good opportu- nity of liming this splendid bird. He wiltsplendid, and the bay presented a grand *.*•;« all day. The holiday is still general. The throngs in the st rectisupport of the Southern States.In Pennsylvania and New Jersey, under theWith this briet allusion to the material and moral results produced by the social and poli- tical theories and policies of the two nations,was always '• telling the Czar of Russia, and telling him for the last time," &c., 4c; or likebasin to look at a farm once owned by bis grandfather, the Duke of Kent.guidance of the Breckinridge wing, the demothat the arrival of emigrants for the week amount- which may carry both these States. Theed to 1,336—total number from 1st of January, masses of the party, of both wings in New and malicious sneer—the demonstrated capa-60 5o3; being an increase of 13,373 over that of last York would readily coalesce if the Marplots of city of the two countries to organize and govern yepr op to the same date. Balance of commuta- the Albany Regency were out of the way. It inferior races.above all he is devoted to the sex. gian, who is dying of love for big words and salutes were again fired, tlie immense eoneoom hurrah-press wtach she is indebted to a commerce and industry that draw the chiefest fountains of t h e i r l i f e f r o m t h e c o t t o n g r o w n b y t h e p e a c e f u l and happy slaves of America. While four mil-t i d e s advanced from 5c. a 10c. per bbl. Wheat wasfirmer, and from Ic. a 3c. per boshei higher. Com opened firmer, aad was tolerably active; but at the close, how-ever,themarketwaslessbuoyant. PorkwaaInfair•de- handsoftheAmericanpeopleandtheAmeri- saicalpride,thattheworldmightjudgeofthe ingaccountsfromeverypartoftheUnion,of hisdepartureforEurope,wherehehasmade mand, and new mens **= sore firmly held, with sales atFreights were firm, white engagements were moderate. ToUverpool, wheat, ia bulk and bags, waa engaged atcan governmentIt was not alone the words, the speaker andvalue of the social and political theories of the shifts and contrivances to which the various America and Europe, as best adapted for the friends and enemies of the candidates, aad, in government of inferior races. Whether it was some instances, the friends of the Union, arearrangements to publish an extraordinary bosk of the raciest kind, giving Woajraphical sketches of all the distinguished politicians of this coun- try—a performance for thefirstinstalment of which he has already received $10,000. We observed to our visiters that we were giad toai0a$I01S)<;newpriue was sold at $14. aogarswereless active, while prices were without change of importsac*; ssleswere confined to some 400 a 5*0hods.,stprices grven in another place. Coffee continued firm rebuke and reply from the' American Minister, incapacity or moral cowardice that caused him resorting, in order to attain their ends. and sales hjb*.some 600 a 600 bags Rio wereaoid at 15c.his tons and manner that demanded an instantment owes to itself and the country his imme- highestpersonagesoftherealm,representatives diaterecall.The Mephistophiles of the Regency—who, ladwhere Ministers of the Grown, many of thefrom most of the civilized nations, and fromall the widely scattered colonies of the As the Prince of Wales approaches nearer tolaughed and said, 'That was a good idea, butdined at half past seven, wiib eighty guestsThree hundred persons have received innutwo* to aparty after dinner.Theweather wasbeautifully tiae,theregattaverythey adjourned, without transacting any business, is again resorted to by this desperate Albany greed. The colonists protested again and a ball in Baltimore that Prince Jerome Bo> for a word of remark. What earthly good did bated.fore he reaches the United States, and that he ning to end, pure unadulterated decasyllabic will reserve it for an American lady to conquer^ gabble; there is no argument in it, no logic, noideas,littlegrammar,andnosense.It would not have been worth referring to,but for the fact that its publication in the betagnoqnorumpresent.Aftercallingtherollweredefeated.ThesamegameofruleorruinslaveryinthiscountryweowetoEnglishtakegreatdelightinadanceItwasatTimes,TribuneandsomeothercitypaperscallsandthepublicexcitementanddisplaycontinueunaGrand street atfiveo'clock P. M. yesterday, there Cass and the democratic party in that campaign their fruits must they be judged. Africanuntil their next regular meeting on the first Wednesday in September.be repudiated and kicked out, and the party and a greedy people, against the introductioncase of Gaatarina, the Spaniard who was found should proceed to reorganize, not for the pur- here of negro slaves. Having them forced as she in the country. And the heart of the lished it. Can these journals find nothing to races on the common.dead man alley way in Baxter street about a year pose of proving the strength or weakness of upon us, the question rose how best to govern Briton is just as susceptible of the tender pas- fill their columns with but gross, coarse, per- There is a display of firewsrks this even tug.The Coroner's investigation yesterday in thecabal of huckstering spoilsmen. They should again, without effect, before a corrupt Courtnaparte was captivated by Mi&s Patterson^ such a publication achieve? The very papers There are thousands as beautiful and attractive which published it denounced it; yet they pub-ago, waa concluded without any evidence of vio- Douglas or Breckinridge, but for the purpose them for the good of all. That question we sion as that of the Frenchman. Let the ladies sonal attacks on the private character of Mr. The Governor enUrtawcd tb« Volunteer offlc~s th« lence being found on the person of deceased. of defeatjpg Lincoln. have solved with the maintenance of the insti- be arrayed in their most killing charms, and all- Buchanan. Are they not aware that such at- evening.Bavendam, the person who has been under arrest fat some days past on suspicion of having caused the death of the Spaniard, will probably be dis- charged to-day.A spirited movement of this character is all tution of domestic servitude. Under that insti-try to see who will get the Prince. In every Everything has passed off without serious accideol.aod tacks are an outrage, not upon Mr. Buchanan, the celebration is universally admitted by visiters *o-Progreea offthe Prince off Wales.the United States, in his progress through theamazing condescension on his part, this youngbelongstothatclassofpeoplethatfortwogentleman,whoiseveryinchaprince,putson unlesstheydosomethingverydecisive,andthat more,buthewastoomuchforthemthere.hemia the three ostrich feathers and the Ger- man motto, "Ich dieii'—l serve^-which ever since has been the motto of the Princes of Wales, was equally distinguished for his military en- thusiasm, his valor in the field, and his chival- rous gallantry to the fair. The present Prince is evidently a worthy successor of that historictution the black race in America exhibits to-day way he is worth a hundred lords. When they but* upon the office he holds and the nation pallvet to have been a credit to Nova Sccttathat is needed to defeat Lincoln and elect Breck-inridge and Lane by the people ; for the union a material, a moral and a religious progress come to America they will not dance with the whose government he administers? Or are their of the New York democracy with their natural such as the same race cannot exhibit In any daughters of the people. But the Bon of a columns mere common sewers, in which everytThe investigation before Coronet Jackman, in allies, the old line whigs, would react moat fa- other part of the world. Their immense in- Queen, the heir to the throne of the great dirty fellow is free to void his filth?the case of John Spriging, who was fatally stabbed British empire, is ready to dance, and laugh, at Jones' Wood on Monday evening, was con- vorably upon New Jersey and Pennsylvania. crease in numbers proves beyond denial theircluded yesterday. The jory retoraed-a verdict that Thus these three States may yet be turned physical well being. The absence of crime and joke, with every decent pre$ty girl who depth was caused by a wound inflicted with a knife against Lincoln, and upon that single issue, that among them, the prosperity of their churches, comes m his way. jby WQIlnm Sheehan; but they considered that it while his election will inevitably inaugurate a their docility, faithfulness and love for theirTHE AI.DEII.MBX ANO THE JAPANESE SWTXDLE.--political controversj, and to allow their columns to be used for the wanton villification of the privatecharacteroithehighestmagistrateof the country, the opponents of our institutions willalways,haveanargumenttoprovethatre- publicanism is hostile to the developement ofreception there, and there is nothing he is more anaio- to obtain.Affair*,attheKatfonal Capital OVK SPECIAL WASHINGTON MBrATCH.WA—BSUTO:*,August1,lSSO S X M a u M TO MX. DlCKI>*ON.wisnotdonewithanymaliciousintent,Spriging practicalandrevolutionarydisunionmovement masters,and,aboveall,thepeacefulconfidence TheAldermenseemdeterminedtoclutchthataid Sheehan being "skylarking" at the time. Shee- hi the South, his defeat will be a decisive step in each other which is presented by the great $105,000 ostensibly expended upon the Japa-bin,however,waaheldtoawaittheactiono:thetotheannihilationofthisaggressiveanddan- m$ssofthewhiteandblackracesinournese:butwetrustthattheymaybedefeatedGrand Jory. gerous anti-slavery republican party. Southern States, prove the happy adaptabilityfine steamships Africa and Tentonia sailed from of our policy to the social wants and fcelings yet if the Comptroller performs his duty in theport yesterday, the former for Liverpool and LAWUKSXISS AX» BLQOWHID IN DENVER of both. The material results of a society thus matter as the public have a right to expectThe Aldermen passed an ordinance on TuesdayThe Breckinridge aad Lane Committee serenaded *V the decencies and the amenities of civilization. Dickinson tonight at Kirk wood s Hotel Gorenwr.SeCITT.—Affairs are looking badly in the vicinity wisely constituted are felt in every pulsation ofrie;theTentoniacarried118passengers,butno oi the Pike's Peak gold regions. Rowdyism commerceand in every throb of industryin Mr.Hawsisnotbound therebyto payituntil republicanpoliticiansof this State. Theyare Lincoln, and defending the satedera for nom~*tis{< rie. and violence appear to be growing apace there, the civilized world. he is satisfied that the items of the bill areConsequent upon continued heavy receipts of and the condition of Denver City is rapidly ap- Let us now contemplate the contrast pre- genuine* and not extravagant, which we cer-abusing each other with as much bitterness as Breckinridge and Lane, on the ground that they c°° the democratic politicians. War to the knife pone n national ticket, while that of Douglas aad John** was quite as sectional as Lincoln and Hamlin. Ve<7 seemstobedeclaredbetweenHoraceGreeley littleenthusiasmwasmanifestedthoughthenight»on the one side, and Webb and Weed on the gloriously beautiful. Mr. Dickinson paid a high compk other, as to who shall control the nominations meat to tne present administration.for Governor and the other offices at the com- In diplomatic circles here there is much conversiuosUcf cattle, the market waa much depressed, and proximating to that of San Francisco in the sented by the results of England's rult over tainly think hv never can be, inasmuch as he ia pricesdeclinedhalfacentontheaverage,though darkestdaysoftheVigilanceCommittee.Seve- inferiorraces. Guidedbythefalsephilan-3r range waa much the same as last week. The ral shooting affrays have recently occurred in an intelligent and honest man.thropy of Lord Brougham and his fellows, rain The Comptroller has exercised his preroga-etage price could not have exceeded 7$c. Denver—some of them resulting fatally—and has attended it everywhere. The ones pros- tive on other occasions in curbing unnecessary r pound. The balk of the offerings were Inferior to such an extent have lawlessness and blood- perous British West India colonies are nowingStateelection.about the haggling of the New Yorkers in regard to P»? lag the billsof tne Japanese after baring moaopoii** tnem, and refused to suffer Boston and other citiaf w% lacrdinary; prices ranged fromfie.to9c. Milch shed been manifested, that the citizens have gaspingonthevergeof social barbarism,and squandering of the public money,and thereauthorizing the appropriation, it is true; butThere appears to be serious trouble among the —g Douglas worse and ten times more mischievous tnwOut Douglas has any chance, and there is themost bitter hostility that can be conceived that it was also an advantage to be near each against Breckinridge and Lane—a statement other to make a bargain." How characterMicvery large qnantity of salt A writer from Ala-bama says Bell is the only man for that State andfor the South, but against Lincoln they are allunited to a man. It is a pity they do not prove The Regency used him as their instrument to that fact in some practical form which wouldwhat is done to entertain and honor him,and he enters into the spirit of theproceedings with a gusto and an unaffectedheartiness that captivate every spectator.HeshowsthatheisnottoomuchofaprincesooncarrytheUnion,while3reckinridgeand TogetherwithDouglas,theyarepreparinggto be a man. He rides in the rain perfectlyunconcerned; he is in raptures with the troops.He is fond of gayety and excitement, says ourcorrespondent, and enjoys the scenes in whichhe mingles immensely. He talks and smileswith the officers near him, laughs heartily atthe ludicrous games and scenes, and appearsvery much interested in the foot races. In theballroombeisgoodhumored,courteousandaffable to all. He is a capital waltzer and avery entertaining partner. He rests his part-ner frequently, and fills up the interval with. they both unite their forces with those of Breck-cheerfulconversationandremarksuponthe inridge,theonlymanwho,exceptLincoln,hascompany. "Itisamusing,"saysalookeron, anychanceoibeingelectedbythepeople.In everwefindhimbugginghispreyinthat " to observe the eyes of the ladies in the room fihode Island the principal portion of the de- loving manner so peculiar to him.simply an impossibility. In Wisconsin the po- the Regency. They are embracing him toHe atterwaroV went on board the Hero, and substituted for hi.- uniform a pair of drab trousers, a dark blue but- Junius. It reads much more like an editorial toned walking coat, with an outside breast pocket for the in the Little Peddlington Gazette, whose editor handkerchief. an ordinary bUck bat aad walking stKk. He then went on board the Valorous and steamed up theWe hope his heart will not be caught be? thundering phrases. It is gabble from begin- ed, and h e drove back to Government House, where tiThe P. lace leaves by special Iran for Windsor it serns to morrow morning. At nine he will have s public breat Out there, and at twelve he will embark on the ftyi •> Hantspoff, and sail direct to St. John, * . BThe Prince looks forward with great delight to visitmi party purposes, to transcend the fair lines of the t nited Stales, and says he knows he wOi hare a go*1So long asleading journals are willing, forHis Grandfather—-His Drpartwre front Halirax, & c , &.c. •OCK SPECIAL HALIFAX DESPATCH. HALIFAX, August 1, i860This morning st ten he was out in plain ires- wtlkic^ wi(h bis suit. A t eleven h e appeared in uniform,—! held a levee at Government House, which was slieadal by three hundred persons. A t half-past t ire I re be sto»l. bat in hand, with his suit, anU was photographed in the private grounds of Government House.At half past two the Prince drove In an open carriage. with Lord and Lady Mulgrave. the Duke of NewcastleThe grand regatta came off to day The weather wal fine, aad yachts,-fishing vessels, men of war boats, whale boats and canoes participated. There were also bors< rr-d,atfrom3fc.to6c.a6|cperpound.Sheep teefordefenceagainstthemurderersand theirportsareseennomore.InIn« lambs are also in good request, and, though Iplenty, command full prices, Tarying from thieves who Infest the community.Thomaa stillsadder picture is presented. Thesarvin.das M. T309 South 4th Street Fulton New York13069perfect rage, abusing the Hon. Massa Greeley oiilnnt —_»M> ft>« .l_e_.M_.. c_—._§ „i r**.twwtw.fultonhistoiryniskifylng over the grand manner in which things were do*« It ia said to oartake of shabbiness to decline paytag ^ry.com 