 ,Jameg Sizaihdate but the bonus returned Mr. Bar- KARD in l^j7, In catXy was $7£9 08, and the profits Chattel Mortgage ^ince earred amount to about t350, thas reducing thesuteoftheAHimBaiBNTB.Th« theatrical eTenta of the week are scarcely titifleient i»port»B««j»Te had but UtU« dJrtct influeooe on the f)usineM ofof RpDdoot, H. StaMi tfkaneu, Isd C D. iSrHB, of S.uth Carottnl, aie tvtiw HatropoHtUi Hotel.CoRtctton, ths ebUdren irlU fecelTt l>reseats ; voA ;hte Utter, and two boun were ocea)|^ UcMMultn-fi»p% ^aje, ummn. h. Kenny; H. ruteere. Ckam,»ent advantage. MeeopArastsard was lest. Nov. lat.'W. Gto merit recapitulation. They of NoT'h Carolina, JCJlBokFsano^fBostBa, Llent. managersdinner.Tbztte theatres wUch experience of course all the flue-tuatlorsofhoUdayttmea. Mi.FoEaisT'aperfonnancea pan,ofMlcta^^vwafMecaatendonHote4.SteamerOsprey, Kenney, ProrMeiMe, with mdse. to I.continue to diaw brllUant houses, and liare bean especially crowded since the producUon of Dr. Bn»^ •' Oiadiator," in wtich the Tragedian 1« seen to eml-|eo.f bedding, cfoticl,- BhwiiptDharing, <ol Boston.) Slmonson, Uverpool Nor. become as common as Electrotype and nany otkers- 21. rndse. to ComelluB Constock Experienoed wbose dlitloetlon as foreign wordt has been worn awarThe " offnlghls" are rery unfavora- to these trl-weekly jams. On Satur-^ay a change was made in the programme by substituting the " ZcuaYe-' for the regular coaipany, and thus pro- ducing a very great improvement In the finaii«ial re-MLlvt^rpool. day, slx-— it is not one that will bear nrjch criticalm number—were oi>ened in tbe presence of the City k>Eg to the m«n who bad employed him, he refused toZurich- Baxter, Havre 39 witbhymd^. and 249 Hi Ship dp.,vivacity, fresbna?B and merit In their enter»jiinment althooghremove them vtnti\ he had the authority of the privatewatchman on that beatItie watchman, he wf nt in March of a pollcemin,olheavy westerly cales up to the Banks. Has been Ship Elleeai:d MatbiUa, (Brem..) Nordesholt, B;e-L an " J ou beace me of an 'eadache?".jrd." says 'e.are good actors for soldiert.But when curiof ity has been ssHsfied, ^>preclatfen j. W.Croeeman. iilliAmoant par T>iar.that whenthemanleftforTheyud bring to their adopted professionAmoonl Year.Nun.-^ of BWilont.that'e1,0 ds., with mdse.-and Ifi passengers to Henschaw cuied me sotonslderatloi).por,;gave me a (inlckPill, hand'ardly reaUied I 'ad 'ad anan amount 9t^'?igor which is celdom fotind before the footlights. J. F. Brodcrick. $222 O0CO0!J. H. Wbitttatter.. 1mpDfc Unkart.CephtahalticI'poo me'oBwit-wUl we suspect rapidly subside, it would be uajsst Geo. B. Tean.... 215,U00\ ] ...birdspay for cartage.Domingo Cityhave any special excellence to commend them to lengthened cousl lera- tton. Still for an eicilement—that boon of macage- well. They will perform on Tuesday and Thurs- day. The Zouaves will be succeeded by Mr. Raut, tlie horse tamer, who toakes his dit>ut on Saturday af-ternoon.At Mr. WALUtCS'8 Theatre we are to have theto pretend that as actors merely theyTh08.«,, nr^jWrn.^^''**'! J^bn J. BradleyAfpoiniiiekt.s by the Nkw Rigistkb.—washed awayhead rails,men'— theyArthur AhtnutS.-Deputy AssistantDeputy.Hew- amountedlosign by which aatnre fromthem^Ji brain,andviewedinthislightitoiarwSS*serve abuadantiy twice dtafciglfce comingweelt,:Brig'Time,(Br.,r-fUaitland.N.8,) McDongal,Hali- fax16ds.,withll.'htoJ.S.WhitneyhCo.Sckr. C. W. Nevins. Hawkln. Mobile 18 ds.. with cot-^mayit could be at any other New-York, or, for that mat- Jcbn LTncuBelodrana of " Pauline " tonight, and ly swanise...jsafe- beforehand that U wiU be better acte 1 thanSchr.J.H.Freeman.York,S'onlBfton2ds.,stone.jmatib, L ftbrilenervcns form It Ufcyai pathetic of disease ot the constltntingsicirteadacke; T^fitrstir rllnrssn. fl^._ laf btiious hradacMe ; of worms, constlpatloo aad dfiardersof the bowels,^"""^ »" '"T frenneaBjrat- tesdedViih Headaches. Anieomclcasainodn nlethora are abo aB^lMVVhich freauently Headache. Uio-palale Bsaiiche Is also very common, being nsoallwdis-- ttogwlrhed 1^ tbe name of nervous keadw^. somo&BMeter, l«ndon theatre. The piece, which belongs to the scBsationalsctwol,washighlysuccessfulInitsfirst production here, tivo or three years ago. The novel- ty. If it may so be called, of the past week, wa« the "—Mr.BucuA>Aii,themanagerof theAmericanas well as renal aod otecianetahf^the Olden Time "—a comedy of in-ing ot.thepaidFast Men ofMgue and gallantry, peculiarlyadvantages of Life Insurance, that no argu-well adapted to the and receiving excellent treatment at its hands. M was played from Monday until Saturday, and seemed to give abundant satisfaction to thebidder,which provides for the making of the contractFul'.ed in the dismissal of the complaint.examination of the nom^ainant showed that she had been an inmate of several houses of ill-faoie in Bos-;heun, aadpreatraUsg at once tbe mental and physicalcnergin, and in etkerbstanees it comes on slowly, bei^-«oiQ|>any,York, with loss of fore and misaentopmasts.Steamship Jamestown, Skinner, Richmond and Nor-aldid bj denrcaitou of splriU for /^^tea-kahiturt.The " Seven Bisters," at Lauiu KiKfB'B, are asNetting decisive has yet been arranged with refer-Platt de- ence to this de&irable office, Mr. not havingPersons who may have suffered by the prevailing panic, or who may desire a safe Investment, may, br a Email annual payment, restore their impaired for-Isaac Odell.Ship Hussar, (of New-Bed(ord,) Howland, Bataviavomiting raleia.;proToklnx under this class may also be naawd Sturcided whether to hold on to the puree-striKgs er yield attractive as ever, and delight the young folk, who to the mandate of the same power which placed himAug. 26, and Padai.g Sept. 20, with sugar, fcc. to W.to the Churches in the City, were celebrated yester- tunes, and make sure provision for those who come H.Hussey. Has experienced heavy N. and N, W. gales phalic PIihlels have been found a sure and safe remedy, re-abound at this moment prodigiously. Under the de- in office. At his request, and after an interview withsince crossir g the Gulf. Brings home the murderer of lieving most acute pains in a few minotea, and ita day, and were enjoyed by a very large number of af:er them, bv the agency of a life policy. Tne Eagle the second officer ef ship ^taghound, and 23 pris- subtle pnw^r eradicating the diseasea of which Headbayrhfrsirable influence of these Irrepressible damsels, the treasury of the estabUshment Is nightly filled to re-and it has been found necessary to find ac- eommodation for the overflow in afternoon perform- ances. Therisinggeneritionwillfindtheirbestholi- ^7provisionatthisestabliihmeDt.'is the unerring index.and 14S passengers toC. H. Marshall fc Co. ShipWarHawk,(ofBoston,)Simmons,LiTerpool'23 BsiDGiT—Missusds., with mdse. to Cornelius Comltock. wants yon to send her a box of Ge-—^bwtpletion,by the children, reading annual reports—generally ofiieither dueling, suicide, or death by the hands ofN. or Hatteras, with h' ad heavyKr. jKrriBSON commences the second week ofVan Winkle," which was a slow afi^air, notwithstand- the Echooner Wtlliam aud Mary^ who was robt>ed andfatally beaten on Christmas Eve, in Thirty-ninth- street, near Tenth-avenue. The evidence showed ttet deceased and Johh O'Flaiikrtt, a s^or belong-Bark Freye. (Nor .) Bnnnevle, Newcastle 102 ds., with phtlic Glue—no, a bottle of Prepared Pillsing the exertions of comedian and scene painter, has "shock caused deceasedschooner, P. M. There can be no better way to commence the da., with salt to John R. Bacon-ressel to Tynei fcto fall. An inquest was held new than to ootaln a written of Smith. Haabeensce. N. of Hatteras with heavy N. Dn/ggi»(—You must mcan|?paldlng's CephaUerai*.keen withdrawn, and two old pieces, NicholasJtickleby" and "Paul Pry," are announced in itstead. In the first of these Mr. JiFziasoH made a ing to the above legitimate success last year, and in toe second he wffibe pertinacious and amusing without a doubt. Theupon theFog and Rain.—Ayear, character,description your winds, &c.-Brtdger—Ocbsure, now, and sed it. yon*vepenilouble- voiced singers, the What is It ! and tbe tldrty monster snakes w hom we have known from baby ana- condahood, and ndw recognize as govenJng powers.The special attraction at the East side at present is the pamtomime at the Bowery called the-He went to the place, and peering through a crack,alighted. The pumping machinery here elicited the Red, and $1 35a$I CO for White. Cork buoyantadmiration of all present. There is only one Cor- sales^rf new WhI* at 62c. e67c. Paovxsioirs dullfrom total Iocs by this ,made his GIne a household wom, neaaw yroMaeatbe world still greater service by curing all tbe aehmS^ heads with his Cephalic Pills, and If they are as good aa his Glue, Headaches will soon vanish away like iaov in July. TtS'Oyn-ixcmuMm, snd the nental care and anxiety incident to cloee a'tection to business or study, are among the numerous causes of Nervous Headaebe. The disordered state of mind and body incideiit^ to tbil distressing complaint is a fatnl blow to aU energy and ambition. Sutlerersbythisdisordercanalwaysobtain speedy relief from these distressing attacks by nslag one oftbeCephalicPillswhenevertbesymptomsappear. Itthe overtasked brain, and soothes the strained and jarring nerves, and relaxes the tenaion of the stomach which always accompanies and aggraratee the disordered condition of the brain.Facts worth Kkowikg.—Spalding's CephaUe FHIi tit" "or Monster of St. Michael,put in operation, one year ago last June, 1,831,500 strokes have been made. From this point, the party visited in succession Baisley's, Comwell's, Clear Stream, P.firm; sales 3,000 bushels red at $1 30ei$l 35; white, at Itc.and Golden Sprite of the Sulphur Mines,"—a regularHarlequin old-fashioned pantomime, with plenty of fun of aCITY FOST-OFriCB. ^STLUM. The Church of the lncarn:ition, comer of Comwell's and Smith & Pines' ponds. A lunch was orCh—Albany, BnlTalo and Canadaa.Mrs. Wisskrw'iiBoothing Syrnp, For Children Teething, For Children Teething,For Children Teething,kind, and splendid scenery and gorgeous dre5ses,and all the time- honored parapherna- lia of Christmas sports. It has been received with much applause, and will uiidoubtedly enjoy along and profitable ,run. At the New Bowery, Messrs. Tox and Li!iQAan armounce the equestriandrnma ofANNiyiBSAHY OF THE Of.PHAK'S HoME AND —rcugh-and-tumbleM( F. IL Sk A. K. (kP.K. ed the whole line of works, the party returned to the Coath ud Southwestern Mall.. S A. M.and 4S^P. X.•' ••Mad Antony Wayne ;" the comic pantomime of tliechancel, and participated in the service.-*.The cliil-are fully equal, if not superior, to anything of the kind stined for it should be marked, " Orsrland, Md 8tFriskey Cobbler,""of enough in ail conscience.Louis."ne Overland Uail from St. Joseph (Uo.)to Plaoer-Tllle. nrf Salt Lake City, leaves St. Joseph every Taes- day.>t8A.M. Lettersshouldbemarked,"Overlaitd wA St. Joseph."Letters for ths Callfernla Pony Express will be re- eslved at the office sf ttc Company in this City, No. ISO Fulton-street, np to 6 o'elosk everyday to gobyKx-Mysteries of Paris,"—and the romantic melodfiimani^theTil? best ipaiftie! Qonipaiiy in the City, and theTor OblldrenFor Children Teething, For CblMren Teething,Che most elegantly located, is that known as Hooley and Campbell's, at Niblo'a Saloon. The programmes -lure always fresh and excellent, and the entertain-ments contacted with great apirlt and propriety.present building in Thirty-nintU-street, the new edifice has already been commenced on the lot donated by the Corporation of the City, and situated between Lexington and Fourth avenues, exteDdinft>from Forty-cure lor SickNeryons Headache, Costiveness and General SebiUty,Grzat Siscovirt.—-Among the most important of aU the great medical discoveries of this age, miay be oon- sidered the system of vaccination for protection froaof her humor, she achieves feats which show she has annnounted all the diiSculties of the high school. Tbe firmness with which she remains on one pointed footwith the other exteiided at right angles, the ease with theShortaddresseswereUiUowe^ibythepre- Fnlton sentation of Bibles to members of the classes for intro-BignoTASBOSI,alatememberofthe troupe, died in this City on Saturday last.tbe attacksef!ftr- periodicaltheCraig, of KvC, C. F. I>owd> and W. Btnvham, TheR. WilUamf, of tjj» Q/B. A., aad W. H. Barney, of House ofInspector Namefl of Biddtri.andComptroller.They were as follows;slonili ds. from the Bants to this port.,Does It hacbe "Exceedingly" ssys M, and nsonvessel, went ashore on Christmas Eve to make some pwchases for presents to a girl named Raitdell, living in Maine, to whom deceased of the management in Riving us a was engaged to be married. After makijig the purchases, and on their way back to the vessel, they met five young men, unknown to them, who attacked them, and after knocking down and brutally beating the deceased, they robbed him of $40 in money, and then ran off. O'Flabbbty was also struck by them, but managed to escape without serious injury.for Port an-Prlnce.good judgmenttaste of comedy-after the surfeit of tragedy which wewith a drtzzlv rain.Park and elsewhere, for the present, is at an end.Steamship John P. Kino.—Arrangements will be made soon, it is said, to rebuild this steamer, theJapaxksk, Chivksx,India, Manila,Hatteras, heavyhave had for some months, has not been productive tte last week of as golden results as might fairly have been anticipated. This arose mainly, we ap- preheird^ from the character of the piece, and from the ciicumstance.that Mr. JBrriKSOH is not acknowl-" COSnVENEiS.many iUs flesh is heir to" is so prera- lent,EClittle understood,andsomuchneglectedasooe- tlveness. Often originating in careleseneos or sedeatarw habits, it Is regarded as a slight disorder of too Utila consequence to excite anxiety, while in reality it Is tbe and companion of many of tbe moat t»M and SraencgnerrsourB diseases, and unless early eradicated it willnot from any of the management, the change having keen most politic, and the piece of "Rip Van Winkle " mo&t ^admirably placed on the stage. We are (tod to finder. Jiffxisok returning to parts in which he Is unrivaled, and which afford more food for that mirih and laughter which, at this season morethan any other, audiences love to Indulge in.There seems to be no immediate prospect of aThe deceased the pavement nearly all night lay uponhull,for a good foundation, not having been injured by the fire. She will be constructed from the same moulds.New-Teases Invitation.—Mayor Wood in-Below.Ship Winged Racer. Tmndy, Foo Chow W. Hnbbell. Bas lost topmasts.Brig TItanIa, Folsom, Clenfuegos Dec. 7.edgedSa^his new character of star shortcomings" downthehouse." Seehisadvertisementandbills.[AlTirtlMBMI.] Warranted.—Hollovat's Pills and Ointmentwill posltivelf cure the most obstinate ulcers and old sores that have defied all other t:eatment. They purgethe sufferer tolighter evils of which costiveness Is the osaal attendantregtilarDeath of a Recluse. pjistFor nearly seven yearsand no siionld curs, person,season at the Academy of Music, but Herr::indepcadent;is It ? Ac. He'll*'make a and litt,^^bringan untimely grare. Among tbeFoaMXS will give an occasional performance duringthe coming month. It wlU be seen by referenoe ito«ni advertising columns, that Fuoow's " Martha" is pied a little hut at Hogtown, in Fiftieth-street, nearSafes and Herring's new PatentniaeellaBeaaa.WimiKoiOK, Dec. 2».—There is a loaded ship ashoreto he given to-morrow evening fbr the benefit of tbe German side who do not make calls. The prices of admission have been fixed at the lowest possible ((andard,andtheattendancewill, wetrust,remuner- atethebasso. Iftheexperimentb<successfulweare"to have at long intervals Nicolai'sWindsor," and DoNUXxn's "Jlaughtei of the Re.gi- menU" Herr Foshis Is engaged for the opera at Co- Tent Garden, London, and these wilLbe his last ap- pearancesinthiscountry. Heba^^-^curedthenew-bouse for opening night, and will Brooklyn Opera pieleast, the Press, proceeded on Friday on a visit of in- spection to the Water Works belonging to the City ofHarketB&c. ^Merry Wives ofMary Ann—Br. schr.. trom West Indies lor Boetoa, daylight, and how he spent his time or obtained his ing been sacrificed to inexorable custom. At a olfering for future delivery at $5 70, which tends to Dec. 2S, oir the Tavern ds^ out, and short oxdepresstrot the party passed throughBilly," and the people living near his hermitage Reservoir. Here they alighted, and commenced a Mess Pork was offered at (15. Lass 9c. Gkixn Zttlelka—ship, from London for BaTapBata, Dee. 8, lat.Mrs. Jon**—Goneeured me in jest twenty minutes, and I wish yoa wealdWhat can eclecticism do with a programme whichof the puffer falls powerUss before such stupen-dous facts as -hourly pjrformances, Aztec children,' saw the singular being wiirdn, tys body in a crampedloKB On Sunday this per day.about 4.0OO.00O gallons.ine examiiiauon concludedhouse, near East New-York, where they againesau ptOUllsBatbeyond directing attention to the document Hself. TbeiMm*i»^*.>^..^'^_py^7th<n*(t, *r*;pared Glue,and it is eslll.Mobile, are atMons. Fietal and Bnsini, are at the Everett House.~'On Smluiday, InCscinent for bids for cleaning streets, a large number •of contractors and their friends were present at thebecoming populariud in contiectioii with Mr. SapeadMlirng'asmgoreatgeHneardalacwhaey.Beamneddyth,ebwaotridt wCielalhasloioenwiblelAM© COUNTYCITY INSPECTOR'S DEPARTMENT.iavitcs " th«;Thk Quail Caf«.—Mr. Johk Mullans, the time afterwards they left for the purpose of going on fhip New-Orleans, li2tr4.,ce for S3, Ion. 10S08a,meslgnaUiodCITYfi^KKINO OF "BIDS VOKAFFAIBS.Ludlow-s'reet,carman who was -emftloyed to remove tk« fire b.irrels and two boxes of quails from the comer of Duace and Chatham streets, on Thursday night, wishes it to beRcbcrt Earle.. ..."> Jfound one, and was directed to take tbe q-ialls to the ;;'eaoache.,Luther Jledfield17 ds..B. Connell. PfttkGftUaggtter..Stephen J. Brady Dbb'l Gall»Kber Alex. HumpbilL Gtrrat £. WinaLt. Wm.N. Pnl.is. -. J. W. faurch;A. C. troiBtr.rede.mediedBeadachcMJty be clasced under.-.., W B. Rtinclu-;L. AV. Johnsor.'ftvbt. A. iSsuih 30O,0uO Wm. Grovenorit... 290,000Caverlyareretppnlntments.1). Skklep JohoBrinsle*3<i0,000 Bhrney Betk.'r 222^000[jhot.B lljrton..^forninety days, when it will be payable.Tne facts in this case illustrate, so fully and clear-Karnak, (Br..) Le22. and NaspHU, N. P., 24th, With mdse. and passemreasTheremovinggarbage, leavingfor from other sources..Steamshipto E. Cunard. Prom Dec. 28 to 29, experiencodpursuanceof the adver- regular—mit. The Frenchmen are very amusing ; Iheie is office <{ the City Inspector, and the bids ihirty-one understood that, suspecting that thc birds didnoibe-'ARDLY REALIZED.'ad 'n 'orrible 'eadache tbis haftemoon, hand Ipafsencers to S. M. Fox fc Bro. Experienced a auoced- st«;ppe-i Into the bapotbecaries band sajs hi to tbe man.Ifrom the chimney, and she told a policeman about it.Floi'R active and firm;an of aggregate twentyandcold. Thedoorwasthenbroken posture; open,and an eiaminaiion showed that he had been oead several days, his flesh being frozen as hard as a stone, while the bonea of the arms and other portions of the body were exposed by the ravages which vermin had made. Cororer O'Kxxfk held an inq'uestupon the body, which resulted in a verdict of death from apo- plexy.nish at work >et. This is ofengine capable throwingand unchanged. Coppiz quiet, at 12!4c.®13c.Twenty-eighth-street and Madison- avenue, was nearly filled last evening, on the occasion of the Anniversary of the Orphans' Home and A-^ylum of the Protestant Episcopal Church. Right-Rev. Bishop Pottee, Rev. Dr. LzoNARu, Rev. Mr. Mont.-omery, were in thepartaken of at Baisley's Pond, and the party partook•rthanil West Way Halldren of the Asylum, to the number of 78, were present,and sang with ettect the 45ih Psalm. After the les-sons, Rev. Dr. Leonabd read the ninth annual reportUnited SUtes.DuSruiriDg the first year after these works went Intooperation, ending July 1, 1680, the receipts for water reached to $292,639 18.CnRiSTHAS PlSTITAL.—The Christinas Festival of St. Ann's Church Sunday School, took place at 2!i o'clock P. M., yesterday. In the body of the Church,of the to the of theAcademyUr. Charlss Kiak—who is Simpson, Baker, Ames. Vice-Presidents—Rev. N.euccejsful engagement In Dublin—made a speech re-" Iting Secretary Daniel keroruing Secretarv—N. Peame. Treasurer—John B. Edwards, New- Another meeting Is to be he'id for consultation at an— In sterimthip Jamestown, from Richmond, 4c. R.K has proved a blessing indeed, brwiU he obtained.cently, in which the following sentence occursfamilytbe-PTauseo and Mta4- ackttowhichfemalesarelosubject.is not my intention to remain the uj>onyears longer, and as a first step towards the consumma- tton of retirement, I purpose next Autumn, unlesspainssome imfoieseen circumstances should meanwliiie, paying a last visit to the United there to take leave of my American friends."Tfe made a reference lately, to the activity ofBritlah composers at the present moment, occasioned—HIGH WATER—THIS DAT.ean appreeiato these blessings.by the great prosperity of English Opera, We learn ment of theirwholesystem.that^e following works are ready, or nearly ready ing that the detentionas "bright as a button." And during the proosss ol The CEPHALIC PILLS are the issuB of longlBTe»-fat production the - Amber - ^faiLACi; the "Cleared.i: Co.; Koancke, Couch, Norfolk. I.u>llain & Heiaekcnheard mothers say they would not be withont It traabeen in me many years,daring which Urae they bar*"with a:jummers, an adopted daughter of Mr. Isaao WooLra,ebrated horse Cruiser arrived liere on Saturday, by tlieJtotts U. Orinncil, in company with another four;good raise, have ezperieseed some of thelrich blessings wUsh resaltof long experience as a nttrse and female ^ysiclaa.footed artist of European exiilDilthemon Saluiday.Mr. Raks; will 'Hon. Henry Wilson, of Mass., and J. H. aolds, of Albany, Maj. Hartley, of Hartford, Mmonson, of Liverpool, H. Jonas, of llavann. and LP. Brown, of Botel.;Arrivals in the City.1notoriety.mdmmitttr them (c cW-are at the St.Capt Jas. Bracliett, of Rochester, S. S. Ripla, ofConstantinople,Nicliolaswood Co.;J.Dock,Thompson,Havana.Ciirtls&Swain.Penn Yan, Hon. J. M. Bull, ofWitmer, of Clncltuati, are at the Aster House.Schooners Ocean Wave, Warner. Washington, Telfairarise in the States,Sun risesSan sets |4 42 |.;Persons visited in our tii;^ Prisons, aboutcarefully exaisih^d.5tX) n7Sniahod with tb* ttetk- We have spoken of the Srrup for the beaeSt of oarsadpain.Fliain. K. Kinsney, Charles Llligs, Louis Linn, W. H. he Djvis,Mrs.Schaber,Cspt.E.Hill.M.H.Lane,JosephRi^y- Capt.and acknowledged. promptlysulted \tilhthat lie should proceedrunaways. Hardly hatl he arrived there when a cart,a and aftaie trunks to containing large'lxji belongingthroughout NO. 13tngBold by Druggists and aU other DealersSociety, Owing InadequatenessBTRKKT-CLSAHIKO.board the steamer for Ricrimond, Vlr^jlnia. The young man Is 22 years of age, and Is paid to-be con- nected with a highly respectable family in Richmond.lilfe InsnriiDce Illustrated. From the Wall-Street Undtrwriter.Wc are not aware that we can illustrate theimportance of Life LdBurance to this community, orIts to who have not a advantages every familynallsed ship Lizzie Drew, boun*! E.SMpCoraelins Grlnneil, Spenopr, London and Isle ofIliram W. Coatijs.lpro\l*lon placed beyond the contingency of trade or SUlion house that he did so thut he called at the nr.ancial nuctuations, to whicti vve 6eem so pecullarlvr. J. Dttgraw.. f ma249.000|K.l'. Blancbird. Jsnbjtrtln this great commercial Cit.s tnanoy statLiig a recent ca^e of lose by the Eagle and Albion Life Office of London and New-Yurk.Mr. Jossrn Barkard. of No. 116 Elm-street, in thisChaaStation-house the following morning, and took theJohn L. BrownII. Williams,.{ )274.6002iO.Me 315,000 300,000 234,600 200,000to the Property Clerk's office, and received hisBrigKibby, Huyden,St.2&0 000 John ifurphTj 2r6.00*,'J. Nelon LuclteyJoiramined upon the following appolBtments, viz.andpremium paid on this policy toK-gsIes. Der. 27, S. of Warhlneton. No.4.tookfrom boat224^900;300,000 Geo. C. Ityrne...Wni. A. Albertsou 229.0(10 JS'fthmu'lCO.sCgonondor.Thetotal1weather Schr. Louisa A. -Johnson, £llls, TllisksHtiiiili with270,0Ov;Cbarles H. Wbetler 239,000 Christopher Zeigler. 214,&43actual cost of a $10,000Had Mr. Barhabd taken hif(to 02. (1,090twonames^.: SyoapUmatle Headache.-237,0<>U Sam'l Donaltdss::))!^!. > n^at?.dtujtunto her late husband's estate.lowest bid Is at the rate ofbut it is contended that this amount would not sufficefetreets to beThe CuHimon Council, however, may refuse to make the award to the lowest under the ordinancelady from Servia, Itlle. Albina di eighth to Forty-ninth streets. The building will cost Rhoha, who combines the qualificaUone of an accom- $30,000, will be 120 feet by 55, three stories high, andijaiutiuc. ;ivith those of an excellent comic fitted with dormitories, school-rooms, infirmary, andplishedactress, has recently been creating a sensation at theSt. James Theatre. Mostly her dances are of thenational idnd—a Spanish ptu^ a Cracovienne, a (veryWealiied) Highland fling— and she executes them pays an earnest tribute to the efforts of the officers of tended last year, than ever before. Tbe children Bornssiathe institution, the physician and denll>t, an* \\\9 Persia with all the characteiistlc spirit which is required to architect of the new buiiding. The total receipts of were next asked a variety of Scripture questions, JuraAyoungproceedings highlyMres Rest toMolhcft ]all necessary accommodations for 200 Inmates. The number of Inmates admitted last year was 79, of whichby the Infant School was followed by the usual an- nual reports, showing the condition of each school. By these it aftpears that the schools were better at-MaTemeBls of Oeeaa BteameMa rtou TBI cmTU) btath.QlTM Best to tbe Moths*,Olves Rset to tbe Metbar49 were boys and 29 girlsfor admission, and 40 to take out inmates. The report^but while she is supposed togive .lessons to the gawky soldier, who is the butt to that sum Jess $1,197—the largest Item of expend- factorily.. . 'Yender them effective ;the year were $1^,042 15, and the payments amounted iture being $ll,('16 57 for building. There has beenNew-York Havre raoM luiopx.;ducing new scholars. Singing and receiving mis-0FFIC1E8.—The annual meeting for the election of:ish vlvadty wtiich sparkles in her dialogue, lights up itreet. The attendance was small. The report of the Health Officer as foU3Vs Men, 13 women, 19 ; boys.Edlnliarib Aastnlarian PaesUne BremenUverp^I Liverpool Liverpoolfc Liverpool..'Ncw-Tork Kew-York Jfew-York .New-Yorkwhich she marches conipletely on tip-toe in imitation ofhercompanion,whousesthesolesofhisfeet,could only be attained by means of consummate training on a foundation of great physical strength. And a.New-York POBTHEWIBTINDIESANDCALIFORNIA.pecu- liar charm is given to all she does by the almost child-Methodist Episco- pal Church, took place"on Friday at No, 199 Mulberry-ZuluJamaicaJan. 20her arch countenance, and makes her dances seem asTreasurer was read, from which it appeared that the5«Sailed.The number of tracts and other publi- cations distributed during the year could not be given, as the report from the publishing department had not Copenhagen. This is M.Bseikdt, whose opera, "A yet t>een made up. It was stated, however, that the periodical called the Gaod Sews, which Is consider- edoneofthemostserviceablepublicationsofthe So-9constipation of theIiDun, the director pi the Vaudeville in Paris, is dead.lungs,diphtheria,;dies. Deiauche, M. H.The new name of ancomesfrom6* of those wfco died were under 5 yearsopera composerof age 93 were natives of the United States. TheTrial of the Heart," is said to have had a success at theRoyalTheatre.First, 4Third, 1 ;6;Fifth, 8 Tenth, 9 Fourteenth,la Italyas Pttrr,) and a versiun of the " PrftTiux Clercs."Nineteenth, 2.also, that given"CulllaumeTell,"";operas L'Etolle," (withto b«FAoai lot, and resulted in the chfojce of the same persons—»•>*• •»**•amonghisof 1661 areEighteenth, 1 ;ThiCrisis. AmeetingofthcRockyMountaincollected on the building fund $17,472 82, and-ised $4,000, leaving about $8,500 to be raised, a large portion of which was subscribed and collected duringofficers of the Tract of the SocietyBienville reporled EarnakIbough they were not so mucli works of art as utter- receipts for the past year, including the balance on females, 56 colored persons, 2. The principal dis- ;aaces of a free and careless nature.A well-known dramatist unJ lUleriiteur,H.ho\jiahand at the be^nning of the year, were $5,966 37 expenses, t4,6S6 62, leaving a balance In the treasurywhich Uiere were 17 of eases were, fevers, by 19,which were scarlet ; consumption, 15 ; Inflammationof $1,281 75.of the11; croup, 4there were 94 applicationsSixth,8 ciety, had already a circulation of 47,000, and which Eleventh, ISCure!Thirteenth, 6It is said in Paris that Mr. GTShas found a tenor was The Beard of Managers, 9; Fifteenth 2; Sixteenth, 9; Seventeenth, 2; the steerage.rapidly increasing.M. consistingofsixty-fourmembers,waselectedbybal-f}xatan kinds of Hsadsche!niB^ s^^SSS..J*<P" 'wssn^.j^u go^ShipRobena,Martin,GlasgowDec.1, andGreenock Ctb, with mdse. to Dnaham s Ditoon.R. W.with mahogany, hides, fcc., to J. fc N. Smith fc Co.ton, and that she came to this THE CITY CHAMBERLAINSHIP. Cityofherto ac-In ascerMtjrmost inataaees the pain is In tbe front of thethe Counsel to the Corporation, it was decided to allow Mr. Platt until to-day to decide as to the course he will pursue.GENfiKAXCITY NKW0.children and adults, notwithstanding the unfavorable- and Albion is now in the fifty-fourth year of its exlst- oners, (mutineers.) See news columns.cess of the weather. enre, and possessed of a large capital and surplus, Ship Levant, (Br., of Liverpool,) Feraen, Calcutta'I.FatalAccidknt.—Wm.Brown,aSwedishsail- or died yesterday at the New-York Hospital from In- his star engagement at the Winter Garden. "Rip quest ia the case of Josifu Sdtclifpi, late steward of juries received by a fall from thc fore-yard to theTheMukderofJosephIrquxbt.—Coroner Jacuian, on Saturday, held an In--success and (AOmtteBnt.)insensible, and ifie loUowing morning was found by the police and taken to BeUevue Hospital, where hevites his friends and feiiow-citizens to call at his office, on New-Year's Day.probablybringAng. 4,to H.Sr^CLiyrK—Coronkr's[AdTtnlaemeDt.]New Year's Calls.—Fowler & Wells, Prac-the ymJClotk Cim«»ffljUWillir 81« 1M».himafter they were discharged, Officer Irving, of theTwentieth Prtclitct, brought in a young man namedJxBiuiAu Fltnr, on suEpicion of being one of the fivewho murdered SutcliStx. He was immediately iden-tified by O'FLAuiaTT as one of them, and locked up toawait examination. The police are in active search Works, with a number of invited guests. Including in fortheothers.subsequently died of his Injuriea. The jury rendered a verdict in accordance with the above evidence, andFool Breatb, POea—an Irishman of very eccentric habits has occu-the number the Mayor ofVrooklyn, members of As- sembly elect for Kings County, the President of the[AdT«r1JMmeat.1 -HixsiRO'g Patint Champion Firi-peooiwhenever ee- negle:t to get a boa of Ce- Fills on the first appearance of tbe oomplatat, as.prom-*GiTM B^ And HeaKh l« Ihe Intait.And Health to tbe lafaat. Aad Health to tbe Infant. And Health to the Infant. AndHealthtotheInfant. And Health to Ike Infant. And Health to tbe Infant. And Health to tbe Infant,to :«hs MotikcAlon. Tbe fatker was very angry—ftfOMd to be re-mU the Inmatea will recetTe an eztf%ordinary &» . AMAioiMinoit or BHfliM<^4kmk •(!«*•Be*wi,8.1¥. Lewis ;Ailda. Tribble, New-London. H.of the Female Mlsston, and of tbe eobciled to the union, and ft is saldt, used some very BoicRpt,cMkocoUr:e,WeFlolrst.kuWied'.^O.. JLa.cmTeult,chKanhardtHakckClon.l; irg tendcoey is this age to mffnpnmi tke meet ez-on the Five Points, wUl give pres- that Ms intentions were honorable twnnATenoaHotel. entsoffooIdn,ducsltortyh,ing,andsuckotherarticlesasmay mtntaff^rhe«asmeralycarryingouttheplanslaid T. E. ZettanKMnnruvlan Minister, ktd [Dr. Tap- be furnished by their patrons. So, too, at the Newt- by Mrs. WocLn. Mr. WooLri n^i finally prevailedyreaslveIncorporate them Into our own whichIsfromtheGreek.signUying,"forth*Cbepabda,l"leI,s nowthelett P. LeakeExaminer, W. F. T. ChapmanIn in the 1U6,for in $10,000,KiTSXE,Regi.'ter, Lewis H. WattsEagleAlbion,pilottS" nzASACin is the favorite makes known any devUtion whatever;Clerk, John P. Caverly;ton for Providence. most of the pasrpc:e.Register elec% is said to have deter- life,fhvur of his wife.;ser; Janitor, Humphrey Ayres. Messrs. Mortimerand entered the house in question.BnKDAY School Festivals.—The annual festi-willingfolk, with mdse. and passengers to Ludlam fc Helneken. per.Steamer Petrel, Young, Providence, with ladse. m head, over one or both eyes, and sometiiaesvals of a large number of the Sunday Schools attachedFur the treatment of either class of Headaafce th» Ce-paniedSkating on the CentralN. £- gales.Sohr.Snsan Baker, Oookins, Elliabethport, with coalfcr Boston.Schr. Adventurer, Lewis, Kiiabethport, for New-Haven.Schr. Judge Taney, Foss, Elliabethport, for Duxbnry. WIND—During the day, from N. E. to E., with rain.body.Here** quarther and give me thc Pills, and dont be all da>here,entered their carriages, and proceei'eed to the engine-'^nf. Howard-street and Ohio, S5 50 for superfine. Whiat firm, at $1 25®$1 30 forMrs. Wisolow'B BeoAung Sjrop, Mrs. Wlnslow'a Soothing Syrup, Mrs. Wlnslew's Soothing Syrup,kastten worth of dollars*;$2.216SatJpfaction Clerk. George Mortimer ;*"i.f*v'"f'5»"V"give notire of adtaeaMCollector, Benjamin F. Key-policy profitslight breeze prevailed yes- terday from the southeast, with a mild temperature and Indications of a thaw. Toward evening a thick fog settled over the North aad East rivers, accom-and restrain best calctilated to insurebottom frame and other portions of thesufficientBROOKLYN NEWS.Balled.Steamships Etna, (Br.,) for Liverpool, (and passed the first indicate theirBoard of members of the Aldermen,Water CommitteeBurglar-proof Safes, lined with patent crystallzed iron—the only materialfihheailric use will timelyfood, are questions which not even bis nearest neigh-bors can answer. 'He was known by the name of and the Cypress Hill Plank-road to the Rldgewood but dull and with not much demand Ion. 43 47."closing heavy,;nothing was done lafor Cephalic PillsI Had they never faU, and'I reea»>gentjeMyrtle-avenuesiderable number to come forward. PnovtsioiTs firm,provisionsMinerva—snip, botuidE., was seen, Dec. 16, lat, 4314,send more, so that I can have thembandy.state that he usually sallied out about 12 o^clock every tour of inspection on foot. By the officers in charge Hams closed at fi^c.'Se^ic;at03.Ion.6880.HKS.WINSI.OW'S SOOTHING SJKVP.Mrs. WtMlow'slSeothlngiSyrap,mendtell all my solTering friends, for they are a real t'night with a sack upon his shoiflder, and af:er trudg- the party were informed that the resei~volr covers an Bulk Meata-^ Money market continues to be tight. Sight ExcKange on New-York duU at li 9 cent,play the same operas there. The Boston will, in allprobability, be opened on the 18th January with ball ing somewhere, invariably returned before dawn. He area of 27 acres, and is capable of holding 173,000,000 premium.and concert. adopted «Tery precaution to avoid observation, and gallons of water. At the present time, however, Niw-OauAKs, Satllrday, Dec. 29. his skulking manner led the police some time ago to there are only 116,000,000 gallons in It, making a Cotton—Bales to-day 10,000 bales, at llJcSIn holiday times Mr. Bakhum'S bill is 'So full of watch him closely, under the impression that he might depth of 15 feet. The average quantity of water fur- 113<c. for Middling. SnoAB steady at 4c. ®5c. for fairneat that the mere reading of it Is a feast in itself. be a burglar or criminal of some description ; but nished the city during the week days is 4,800,000 eal- to fuUy fair. Flour closed with an advanclnr ten-after a time they became satisfied of his and. honesty,lefthimi^nmolested. OnThursdayaGermanwo-that for a week or two she had observed no smokeis reduced to dency, at t5 2iiSt5 Slit for superfine. Corn steady Mrs, WlBslow'a Soothing Syrnp, ut68c.®75c. Frushts—Cotton to Liverpool ^d.quantilvThe cross-and the head of a family whoapparentlyuponare Headache, Colic, Rheumatism.and others of li^e nature, while a long train ofM^tfnl diseases,suchasMalignantFevers,Abseeaese,ffsssii tery,DDiiairrbhcea, Dyspepsia, Apoplexy, Epilepsy, Para* lysis. Hysteria, Hypochondrlasu, Meianeboly aind la-presence In the system by tbiaMr.City, who died suddenly on theI Ith lust., insured his;Barnegat,Visit to the Water tTorks.The Commissioners of the Brooklyn Water which sustain the vitality of these disorders.P. M.;) Alabama and il ount Ternoa, Parkersburgfa, Roanoke. Norfolk, fcc; Monticello. Alex- andria, sc; Potomac, Ballimors; Patapseo, Portland.Brig Isabel Buermann, Port-au-Prince.New-Yoi^. (By telegraph.)SpokenfColnmbik—ship, hence for l^verpool, was paued, Dec16, lat. 15 26, Ion. 49 44.Jndith Tooro—sbip,[bonnd W., was passed, Dec. IM,lat. 43 Ion. 43 47. 14,sanity,alarming symptom. Not unfrequently tbe disea'io naaacdthe visitors re-. bAi,TiMuA«, oaitirUay, uec.strong IniiKURKe. The youtig So»ath«rner protested Beer., Boston, Dayton &iMarywrdawfcsher and afteravMla so laagwagws,;and in the elope- boysLodging-house,therewUlbe presents obfeclou*r upontogivehis coosenttheto the sBarriTalgie,wbholxf^h he Isaac(Me)Sprsgue.ArrlTcdtthus the wordIatng and a good krinindnrerd: baisntdittuthieonts.ameMrw.tUJ. ^.<F*.ti»^-» dtiadincAiftermnexaoumtifniti.ng coppirlt>alfDfHgagmany otherifxa, cf No. 47their cbUdr^'Mo call en him from 2 P.M. to 10 P. tbe tmnki tbe ytrang lady's wearing apparel. ing W miles. Dec. 13, Thomas Brown, seaman, fell from lunor born." M., New-Year*8 Day. The happy couple were united at 2 P. M., and a short ihe foreyard, striking the riil, aad went overboard,into tne reservoir at Ridgewood at least 10,000,000^1 Ions of water per day. The material for anotherengine of the same siz" is on the ground, and will beput in place next Sum er. The engine now in use $1 40Q$1 50. Corn scarce at 67c. WuisEr steady Mrs. Wlaslow's Soothing Syrup, liftsatonestroke1,054gallons. SinceItwasfirstcf a dinner at Smith <k Pine'sJi<M< for Ballroad Boston, byEast for Boston, by SteamboatA. U. andA. U. and 2 P.M.3 P. M.at about 8 o'clock in thepleased with what tliey had seen and heard, aad more than ever convinced that there Is an abundant supplyCityof pure water,evening, all wellandthat the Brooklyn Water Works •Terr Moadaj and Thursday, at SA.U. Letters de-Teething,were the next in order, when each member of the schools was presented with a book the an- suitable to her or his age. After a hymn and benedic-Rev, Mr. MoMxaouxarTheMethodistTractSociety—ELEcnoNof agoodimpressionbothontheminds of parents andevening. nual sermon.preached28 Jan. I;sionary offeringsponds. Havinginspect-tstsrnMall,via krle Rsilroa4>HiXcorner o( Sands and Washington streets. The Churchwas well filled, and the interest- preM, leavirg St. Joseph on Wtdnssdays and Satsr-ing. The introductory exercises were a voluntary on days. at II o'clock P. M. Telsgraaia «aB be kcIobIkHthe the of a andorgan, singing hymn prayer. SingingWedasedays and Saturdays.eiies Best to tbewhich were generally ariswered promptly and satis- City of Waeh'n. New- York LiverpoolJan. 6 Jan. SDee. U Dec.- 22 Dee. 91 Dec. 2flSivM Rest to the MotbtiV Small Pox, the Cephalic Pin for relief of Headache, aad the Bse of Quinine for tbe Prevention of Fevers, dther ofwhichisasnrespeoiAc,whosebenefitswlBbeexpe- eWes Best to tbe Motbec. rienced by suffering htusanity long after their discovereis are forgotten.Did yon ercr bare Ihe tick headache ?member the throbbing temples, thefsrered brow, tbaloathing and disgntt at the sight of (Ood ! Bow totally «, anht you wei e for pleasure , conversation or stady. Oneof the Cephalic Pills wouM have relieved ymt fire^h^l thesufferingwhichsyboonultdhenexperienced. Fortbisaalk-.^" other purposes you always hare a box of tbem oa band to use ti occuiosnqaiiet.tion the children and their friends dispersed. The AmericaDeo.wliole character of the exercises was sucn as lo leave pupils..Houston, Hme. J. Franquet, Jean B. Oottaacd family, Mrs. Dunlop and danghcer. John Andreas and wife, J. C. Pasco, wife and < children, fT. Newton. W. L. Eaut- man, H. Smythe. S. A. UUchcock, W. B. Hatton, JohnB. J. Dozen, J. Johnson, M. M.den, Fitzpatrick, Smith,IraBfflith,and74inthesteerage. Total,117.In MUamship Roanoke, for Norfolk, 4-c.—J. Wlnoame, W. Decker, U. Palterson. T. J. Heines, N. B. Strong. A. Lozier and lady, W. Voorhis, G. G. Johnson and 4 in^__^^^^FKHCncenArrlwed.MOBTALITT.—There were 112 deathsto the Health Department last week, classified by tbeAspinwall Havana43; girls, 37;adults,32;males,;PassengersPtO. v.—In aleomiikip EtnaJ'or Liverpool—Uri. Agnesbowels, C tile.) 3 each i;small pox and debility, (infan-fills;;;;;;;;Nervous Beadaebe OEFHAUC PILLS,;;deams occurred In the several Wards as follows:Second, 6 Seventh, 7;Fourth, 4 Ninth, 6BBT. BTLYANTIS COBB THUS WRITES IM THlCHRISTIAN FREEMAN."Mas. WiHSMW'B Sooranie Syatir.-Are all the B0<^;Twelfth, 8;;Eighth,••BOSTON;children. 80;'IV««»ia*aoqaal»te<L»|«>>which we hare advertised for the Ust few moatbs t Wo fourwhohavemovedoutoftheCity. TheBoard last,toconsultastotheexpediencyofcallingapub- b.S.Master,F.U.Garcia.J.Ellison,T.W.HcGowan. wouldbynomeaiMreeommendanykindoffmedicinewho served la£t year, witti the exception of three or then proceeded to elect its (^cers, with the followingClub was held at Muslcai Hall, on Saturday eveningCsrty, Mrs. J. Miller, Mrs. 8. A. Huntington, H.Jonas,By the B»e of these'PUU vou* or Sick Seadacke may now playing a very Bangs, D. D., Samuel A. PurJv, M, D. Correspond- No definite action was taken, but all present heartily F. Copman, N. McDonald, F. Jarnier, B. Tonsant, J. lants. Bat of Uiis Syrup we ean speak from knowledge; at the sommenoement of anresult:Bi-^hops Morris,Janes.Scott,which we did not know tobegood—particularlytor bi'beprevented;ifftakesYork. Assistant-Treasurer, J. M. Phillips, Cincin- early day.with collestagemany nati. Kkw-Year's.—The ofsociation was held on Thursday evening, at tne resi- anddence of the Chairman, John H. GaidCju. M. D., No.42 East After the transaction of Twcnty-nlnthstreet.the ordinary business, the agent of the Discharged Convict and Detention Committees submitted a tt'ite-NEW^BHSEY.Gov. Island.lO 46MARINE INTELLIGENCE.of *eimtani kaiU*, they are invalnable as aprisonsSleepers Awakened," by G. A. Mi.- and the most hopeful t-c'ei-ted a nd nided as followsLambert Faiira "gentleman; Son; Columbia,»*»«»i»Bietalda," by I. Binidict. and " Uuy Bias," by How- aBB GlXlVEB.;Aekital of DiSTiNGUiPtiEDEs-AnTisT3.—Thc cel-and relieved a vast amount fering from nea4»chc,Simnel," by MoajAlabsma. Schtcck. .Suvanoah, S. L. Mitchlll &asd suf- in ibe nerr-state of the stomach. andduring the past month, show-.ir di:rcuritii;ufcd on their aivircConjplaint.sComplaintsPerst'Ds i^iscliarged from custody on their recoin-inci.tlaiionDiscliargert convicts aided peeiiniarily Discharged convicts supplied with clothinsr Discharged convicts provided with workDonations are needed at the speciallytime, the association being enurely dependent nn T-nluntarycontributions to curry out their benevolentobjects.and informedplace. con-None genulna unless the fao-simileBEWABE OF COUNTERFEITS on the Box.ABoxwillbesentbymailprepaid, PRICE, 25 CENTS.AB orders should be addressed toAny amcuni sent to \\u. C.Gillma5, Jr., E;^., Treas-urer, No. 10 Mercliants^-Excharige, will be thaukfullyPreparations for New-Yeah's Day.—Nearly all of the public benevolent institutions are making arrangeme^Uftto give the poor, who are under their several charges, a good dinner on New-Year's Day, and to, in other respects, make the occasion as happyH. Clarissa, Pettigrew, Yznaga del.presentgreeaiU ta*tt render* it ta*y to-17 sy i:^Cu. W&tsou.H. B. & CromwellWe know lUand S. H.Gen. J. T. James, of Penn., Col. S. D. Caldwell, of a one to them as th«y can. At the institutions under The indignant father, the gentleman from the Sunny N. Onatavlo t Co.; M. H. Mifflin, Bnck, PhiladelphlfCanadaigua,:DnnkliS, C. W. Thomas, of the U, S, A., Maj, Syket, th£ c<>&Uol of the Commissioiiers of Charities aAd Soutii, aiul Mr. Juurn, Ui£a rej>£ired to the effice of J. W, ]tcS«« £»b«t. iThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069£Ui«, Bettosi /.W.Ms&ee;Ski-2, ifti-s»9«unii l>e«, 29,lew.•Pomeroy. Liverpool, Ssmael WeUb, Cole. Oibraltir and a market,A. Lefiock. J. F. Goodwin, D. Flannery, Geo. B. Kneas, lic meeting, to give expression to the Republican J. Webster, F. Albanals, J. McN'elvIe, J. Rogers. A. sentiment of Kings County, as to the present crisis. Mason, H. Balmain, W. Mills, R. Ramsay, J. MarUn,Presidents—— Wise, indorse the .stand taken by Hon. Jv». Hcmpuest. VhitcG. Hay, J. Allott. Total, 29.aadattack immediate relief lro«pain and sicknessThey seldom faU in removing— MayorBrooklyn saysBit tson, 0. T. Cross and lady, and 24 in the Btee:age. KIVIATrRX ALMANAC—THIS BAT.Moon rises.... 6 59 Hell Gate. ... 12 08KEW-YORK... SATURDAY, Dec. ».Cosfws-Prison Association. The regular monthly Hill be happy to meet^meeting of the Executive Committee of the above As- Ma)or's Oflire, on New-Year's Day, between 10 A, M.upon the bowela—removingFor Uierarf mm, Stuientt, DeUoato Femalefc andhis fellow-citizens at theThey lut*.actgently1 P.M.A SorillERK GE.NTLKMAX ATTEUFT3 TO ELOPE WITH A Vuir.o MiiB—Tm PiAHs FcusTRiiiD—Mia- BiAOE.—Quite an excitement was causei in Jersey City on SaturJay, amongsl certain circles, consequentter of an Ex-Judge in New-York, Is said to have pian- r.ed the elopement without thc knowledge or consentVernnr, Layfield, Savhnuab. H. B. Oromwell & Co.; UooticcUo, Gsger, Alexandria. &c.,H. B. Cromwell &ons system or from a^ieranged They are entirely vegetableandfriend, he at once repaired to Willlamsburgh, where Mr. WoCLTE Is engaged constructirg a city rallroail,him of what was about to take Mr. WcoLFr hurried at once to Jersey City, andof herhusband,very nearlysucceeded in herplans.may be token at aU timeswith safety, without perfectwhen was decided J. A C. A. De Wolff Counselor Jbluite, it VaUe h Co.;Sold by Druggltts FBINOIPALOFFICE,Uie world. CSDAS-ST.,NEW-YOBX.to theft^rryand wait for theJlrigs1. B. Uagerlo Mr. GAPrsET's -stable, there to await further action. Van Brunt & SlaghtFantanzzl. Wooeter. Arroya. J. ,on and after Jan. S, S, BTOSELL, Treasurer,SPALDING,Wo. t» Oedar-ft., Htw-TtOuUntitled Document;'nleiided towbkh might otbisrwlse ewapeattenUon till too latethement seems necessaryis not willing to appropriate a small sum annually for the benefit of those depending upon tdm, displays astrong Barnegat, passed ihip Wirged Eacer, Trundy, fromFoo Chow for New-ly,Bel£ehnes& of character few would be knowledge they possess.N.N.E gales. Dec 30, 5 miles N. ofoomlag 4Hi MMdaalT in a state ofaoandThe exercises were nearly with an Income of over $5,000 per day^ and its policies and Band Heads Sefit 4, passed Cape Good Hope Nov alike in all the Churches. They comprised singing are, htjmanly speaking, beyond every contingency, 4, with sugar, fcc. toRathbone Bros. Has been 10 da'a cheerful character—sentations of books to tbe scholars.forjustice is aUowed to vitiate them.winds.Ship Neptnne, Peabodv. Liverpool Dec. 11, with mdse.app-opri^te addresses, and pre-,and ^wHanar' ww hhubueu 6y Hrs. woolvi, ud very hcavT weather £. of the "poor Banks. WasUds. mak- by common nssge antU they seem natlTt and •• tb*fPhiiadelphia, Saturday, Dec. 29.Fl.ouR firm at $5 12J for superfine. Whiat Mrs. Winelow's Soothing Syrup,The Overland Mall for Calllorala leaves SL LsaijFor ChildrenFor ekUdrea Teething,qnietsTcutonia.Southampton.North Btat.New-York New-York Kew-York Kew-YorkJan. 1 ..Jan. 6 Nassau & Bar..Jan. uDe yea re-7 25 Sandy Hook. 9 57;ojKratlonsWitch," by Mr. W. V. Brooklyn had been visited, tli^ir inmates .'jpokon with, upon an attemjitert elopement of a young Southern StcainahipB Patapeco, Vuil. Portland. H. B. Cromwell teething. Its value is inoalculabla. We have freqoeatly tlgation and carefully conducted experiments, barincof New-York and:Mi^s of fifteenouthampton. BostonJ. 8. C.wife and child. W. H. Shaw. Francis Parker. Benedict Nelly. John Colville, D. Gildersleeve. Wm. W. Critteo-Boyles,Morris,Bixby,osPHALicCure Biek Headache!OEFBALICFILLS,—In steamship Kamak, from hastau Hon. Felix Mc-•nwhoreadtbeblooraing young5S of No. 17 Grand ttret t. Mrs. Woolpi, who is the sis- Kerry, Charleoton, SpoDord. Tilecton & Co.; Mount ing sisgs on any considerations whatever.||would sooner lose :«a» night'sall personsI.^atiee, improving the appetite, giving tontBoston, Crscker, I'hllsdelphia, F. Perkins;the birth of thc child till it hadpreventedBaltimore.Co.; Park'^rsbureb, Stannai'd, Wilmington, li. B. CroBi'well k Co.Tileston & Co.; American ConKress. Woodward. London. Grincell, Mintnrn & Co.; Donati. Reed, London, C.Potomac.in tbclr compositioa,.VOT. Hamburg LiverpoolL«AV«.New -YorkHew-YorkKew-York Liverpool Jan. 3Ian. 2 Jan. 2readers who are rsrents.9 Tbe knowledge of the t^air coming to the ears of a Ships Ellen Austin, Garrick, Liverpool, Spofford, from its asc. Mrs. Winslow is no quack, bat a wocaaa making any change of diet, and Ot abieiue t/axji dit&-Danham & Dimon Dr. Bsrth, ^Ham..) Hamburgh, I.. L. Aimbinck fc Co-AdaiEl Java. ;DaeKett, Glasffow.:ofCUBTISfc PEB- KINB, New-York, la on the outside wrapper.^"^The genuine hare fiye signatures of Henry C. SptM-Barks Brigade. (Br.,1 Lighttt Horn8. A. Appleton. Stanwood JacksocviUe, ('. ;;S. H. Newhall. Ellis, Demerara, B. Under- Confiict, Rutland, St. Kit U. J. W. Hubbard &PRICE ONLY 26 CENTS FEB BOTTI.K.in Medlclaee. on receipt e( tbethe Southern gentleman and kis fair one, came up.After some tailc it was decided, Li order lo prevent thematter becoming publU', to have ikje baggai^e removed K.J. Peters Julia A. Hullock, Pcdrlck. New-London, Jan.. 1S61. on the Mortgage Bonds of this Company, will;WM.BBNBY O.;te^a,^Wigl^Nov. 27, with mdse and passengers to Grinnell, UinlM & Co. Dec. 10. Wm. IS. gtsniey. chief ol&cer, died or concussion of the brain, caused a fall.KxLerieDced heavy weathersplit sails, fte. Has been S ds. N- of Hatteras, with strongBymptomatie aHThe who wdttation of his policy, Instead of in cash, his widow Schr. D. B. Barnard, KIweU, EHsabethporta KiBh coal is ezceedingly^nuMoB afid Is the preensorofin 1837 inpersons wotUd now be entitled to would fcr Portland. Me.coal forand277,000 Clerks hayc nlfo b^en designated. Charles L. Frost receive $10,1:^1, without thc cost of a single fraction Schr. Prise Banner. Atkins. Provlneetewn 2 ds.Sloop Mary, Clark, Rlisabethport, f^Oreenwleh. WIND—SuLsetjE. N. E.Idl-.pasbic.great variety of Ksaesaesa. aaoniini which ai« Apeirtexr,.aug- A J. Hackniy 179,0^0 Geo. K Hojt 200.000 are to fill the offic^es of Searchers and Recording tl'2.33I, or, actually-Aspinwall.has been appointed Recording Clerk,Tbe Late Abduction Cask The case of branch of the Eagle and Albion Life Office, at No. 44$195,000 per year,the aches and the clean- DoifovAif, of Boston, and wiUi enticing her into a tsetraenscte,fotro discount this claim, deducting simple in-JosipHPiBRT,chargedwiththeabductionofEllen Wall-street,hasoflertd,asishiscustomIneveryin-ArrlTcdStmAT, Dee. M.?"=^*5t.P'S'^"lhouse of ill-fame In Lispenard-street, was inrestl- gated on Saturday, before Justice Coshollt, and re-own accordMesurler,9VQ.In oar owngiving an lafant troubledand its parents nnbroken rest at night.Experienced very heavytTbe- aiMUl<iodi<wions should never be^^^^Vm perhaps yen] be will be happT to receive those who desire their profes- W. gales daring tbe passaKC. knowing what It is. fe see she's nigb dead andtical Phrenologists, No. 308 Broadway, New-York, coal lo H. and F. thinking that's not it naither butdeck of the bark Ti'-ofi, l^inc off tie Battery. The sional services on New Year's Day, from 8 A. M. to 3 Brig Gulnare. (Br., of Bermuda,) Steed, Inagua If gone with the sick Headache, and wants some more at' vessel came in collivion with a and the that tame as relaived her before.faculties,vourfpas&ions,master. Will 1" adSchr. Carrie Hn-s, (of Boston,) Klelm. Kinston. Jamwhichwillteachvouhowto exercisein maimer thesplitsails,Brig Janet KidstoD, Clark, Boston 4 ds., in ballast te!from the blood and the systemcorrupting poisonsBattery at Bavannab Wilmington12:20Columbia. Charleston:originate in Constipat-on, tut take on an existenceunlessthecauseis eradicatedataneanystage. From all these considerotionr, it follows thattbedkor- der should receive immediate attention ftyotirhappiness., Nov- Sa, with loKwood, pimento, fcc., to Henry De Cor- dovaft Co, Expeiiencedhetryweathertheentirepas-Ea8tand American Indian Articles, Staple and;Fancy Goodsat reduced prices, wholesale and retail. Fourtaxm'b India Storb,No. 6J3—Broadway—No. 659.A Good Dodge;^-'Baenuii contemplates show- ing up the political tricksters of the day at his Mu- seum, In connection with the native Africans, Whatsage. Hasbeen7da.N.o( with N.andyourtheabout it, aither.theof the Common Council, Aldermen, and la*iMHil not that esnnot be drilled. No, 3S1 Broadway, comer near New-lnlet, bilg^.said to be from New-Orleans for disease, and destroy this dangerous foe to biouit life.Sixth-avenue, and his neighbors have never been ableto obtain a clue to bis history. His hovel had formerlybeen part of the cabin of a canal-boat, and Its dimen-sions were about six feet in length, three feet inheight and four In width. During the entire time thathe lived in this kennel he was never once seen by beyond the time 84)polnted for starting hav- without buyers over (4 75a$4 80 a number areand the sources ofThe company, seated in seven hacks, started fromby Telegraph. CiscllrHATi, Satllrday, Dec. '29.Brooklyn,supply.City Hall-square at 9 o^clock A. M.—one hour•Floce less firm at $4 50. Whisky firm atMoirar-ftreet, New-York.expelA REALPAysiciait—Well. Mrs. Jones, how is that headadteTUS^c. Hoas dull and declined lSc.®20c., closingBLKSSINe,all thethe that there is acon- market, indicating still— Hou8e,^35 by steamtuKMercnry.;large1Also, bark,unknown.Teething,eiTce Rest to tbe Metbea,a certainHeadache,BiliousHeadaebe,quiet tleeiw Most parsoti We are entirely op- posed to ths prevalent practice ot dragging infaaU, aid rest than eonsent to sacb a course. Bat here is an article wliich works to perfeotioa,HavanaW. Meyer. Experienced heavy N. afther Just;whish it affords thsinfant is perfectly natural, and tbe little cbtrab awakes ticity and strength of theand which Is harmless; forthesleep.IBI/AND RAII.ROAD eOaiPANT.- k LOINTGERE8T ON BONDS—The coupons due 1st ofBank ofbe paid at the City Brooklyn'.diseases: InitBCONSTIPATION ORNo one of thepill woaseat J'Avs>cum.--Yoa ean get th%m at any Draggist^s.- OaOto the digestive organs, aad reetoring!Doctor, gone;;all eases of Headache.them mMr*. Jones—I shall send tor a box direetZy, aad tballTwRirrv MnxioKs or Doix. 'hSB sold two milUons ofinsidloos appivacbas offof whether originatingandthe natural elas-vigor \ www.fultonhistory.com 