 •-•''-• .;•>•[found in* ^ *' Y ,,•„„..,»staaadhkfwe arefcby th« most'\toChevaEorf srefoTe is ft,while [countrybeoonw^*" ••oyear. W<rdowesinkwherea&the and unnecessary alarm to those who have friends the want olin China when they hear that hostilities have broken outagainatthenorth.In respect to the assistance which was so nobly rendered by Commodore Tatnall in rescuing the remnantoftheBritish squadron fromthefearfulati ,wrought! Farming interests, it is repeated,- toaccumulatewealthinthe businesiof raisingcattle. cattle whichMr.Strawn hasby longexperienceac- «<?CHINA.» ofTb»N.T.TrOwum.HONG KOSO, D e c 29,1859. Since the startling affair at the mouth of the ciho,mattexshaveseemedto settle down intoa rt of half quiescence, though so much uncertainty prevailedwithrespecttowhatmightbethenext move, that every one is ready for an excite-ment at short notice. It is only by receipt of theaversion to foreign intercourse,.there is no bond of sympathy between province and province.of New-Mexico has memorialized Congress in our behalf, a copy of which I herewith inclose: .THE GREAT ILLINOISGRAZIER.KHS& •and a natural undulation to the country, that witia&*fta^htd character of, the farms themselves, recall tt*present mail from England that the assurance of position into which it had been betrayed, as annew allied forces being sent out here has been estab- American citizen I a m more proud of it than of all lish*d;and,evennow,weareasfaraseverfrom thathasbeeneffectedbythe"shipsandministersTerritory ofNew-Mexico, inLegislatureassembled,thatthe Congrets of the Utited States be, and they an>hereby' memorial- ized in behalf of the citizens of Arizona, and that we join thorn in their endeavor* to obtain the Territorial organization of Arizona.Resolved, That the Congress of the United StateB in granting to Arizona a Territorial organization, will be doing an act ofjustice which the peculiar necessities ofthat people demand.1 neither larger nocf two ? Assnredlyi of place. If we go to the root of the matter, and of the natives, and Western ' civilization, like a on business, immediately informed the Prefect, if they|yourBritishfree^raj$ feryoutothecoluamscf the assurance that hadffactOKtion tiaUWry :ui&tor» apen tbopoaiactor « for the common aweC of skill Kode&terpdta3tn;n? for Airring, gad * *"-| it it to find oot th*> he* it he that roeh an abas*?Itoyield plentyofiron,h* *Ton-ma*tex» who W*« fat:let to find a market."reply, that itifiWB^; lopolies,and>f " skill and enterprise^ ghtocompete wft&mdt <;thatdomesticcoibpet**- ^eaper ways and eheapetltryintheworld;that wasasnothingeota- aip and composition; tthecaseoftheBritzait market;that"thedo* British xaannJEactarert'iisomed at home was so rs could afford^tosei y "relieving the mat* sprees .prices at home, ttle or no profit;" and ts absolutely necessaryI as would give you th* In&rket as was thenIttnruae if said to-day afT I coal and lead? Doe* placethem in a position ieBritish manufacture*se losses, in bad times, Sag etition, aud to gain a n d kete?" CWtkeyresa# boee"greataceumula*; en made at our cost, and\bleafewofthemod all foreign competif ion"—-thereby large?/ions fortunes, ** befbrf nutate to such an extend petition in prices wftltit be to the interest of- fend manufacturers ex- s is here officially de» much in need of protec* ers,asyouwoulddohtt your own experiencee security of the mann> '•> $he greater is the tea*; ifctic competition whfcfe>frawmaterials,whH« iron ? Do not men, ev* '-, as that competiaoacome more diversified t re discussing, one of tb* rfellow-men ? If so,^; our readers such argn»trticle above reprinted t feretofore, ready to giv»v iequestionsIhavep»»V1HENRY C. CAKE*.UNTY.Co.,March14,1S60. eaterday xotnrned Mr,'ityof 132 m v a total 15more tbaa fee* year, that of Jasfc Spring,yere elected {ojxcepttho gfroxn 51 to lw—av-^a.) is elected Sopor- burghby52 reajantv. tietickethas99sas$«a.—The painfulIsJournotwasrred* at 4 o'elocleyestt^ ent will diffuse gh*** tatAuburn,of wh**and respected c&^Sl tetic, and sagaeSeflfrf* it and to retain ***** the Cayuga a n d TM*%*f iai« from 1850 to *»** ny, a few weeks-'pflS* rVanHouse wheni sorapidlytoan the prune of•"""re taken to Aia W 8 . Benedict, ^ - ventog Journal, IflW£i' -*barbarism in every direction., •At present, trade is in that quarter nearly at a for their immediate" release. This official, not satisfied being as a county; her finely cultivated farms,with system in farming, than the subject of our sketch;thegrotind. Hedoesnotweanbiscolts,butletsthem runwiththedamsastheywouldinastateofnature. Last season he wintered over 70 head in this way, without grain of any description. The whole lot didt»y that England has no right to force China to the wild bull, goes careering round, knocking Easternwere not set at liberty he would enter a complaint to the commanding officer at Fort Buchanan. This infor- mationbadthedesiredeffect,andanorderwasissnedinterchanges of trade, and the courtesies of what are styled civilized nations,then,indeed,afterall •ourshipsandallourcitizensarecalledhome,withfood grace may American editorials anathematizemglish interference.Butwhileweareasmuchintrudersasthey,and-quite as unwelcome too, if it comes to an unre- so-called war in China. Although inferior in every that the people of Sonora would rise, at times, againstrespect to the English, the French fleet in theseflock to the open porta for protection in time of waters is far from contemptible, and already w e speculate upon the consequences of a collision be-danger; whileourvesselssailunmolested thisChi- tweenFranceandEngland.their arbitrary rulers, and remonstrate against their unjust acts; but thus far, they have shown so little energy and determination, that their futile, attempts aresooncrushed,andincreasedexactionsandimposi- tions are their only reward."•«*"""i'•' ——•never owned more than 25,000 at any one time, andstricted entrance to the country; while our shipsjBa coast, which but for the British gun-boats would so swarm with pirates that none would be secure; While we aro gathering the fruit of every advance adAVrJEnghwd,andnotalwaysshowinggood ste o r good manners in reaping where another, 'andnotourselves,hassown; inaword,while En-gland is shaking the tree lustily, and we are pocket- ingtheapplesaslustily,surelytheleastthatwe -can do is to keep still and not Bhout ''thief!" afterAs a depot of stores, and a rendezvous for a fleet, this is the most desirable position in the China seas. Of fortifications we have none worthy of notoy and theflagofthelargestfleetwilldoubtlessbethe flag of the island. There is a noticeable lack of cordialitybetweentheservicesofthetwocountries,and should hostilities occur, there will bo few friendshipstobreakoff. ~The dispatch of French troops nnd steamers forAGRICULTURE INConespondenoe of The N. Y . Tribune.DELAWARE.themaninthetree.Yourcorrespondentisawarethatsomemayob- anymorethanitseemstobeinEngland.ingthatherfarmerswereendowedwithambition. Sussex has been behind the age, as regards im- provements;herlandshavebeen but indifferentlyjecttothisopinion,foritisfashionabletoabusethe oldcountry,andsometimesshedeservesit. Butin .thepresentcasetherearebuttwopositionstenable.JBither w e must set the example of letting the Chi- nese alone, and going away when bidden, or else cease to complain of England for opening the doors through which we are the first to press. To give a proper sketch of Chinese character, is impossible in the limits of a newspaper article; but one or two prominent points must be kept in view to enable home writers to criticise justly the acts of British or American officials in China. I will speak of these briefly: 9I. The Chinese are not angels, as some appear to think, nor are they devils incarnate, as other* suggest. They are not remarkable for either treach- ery or cowardice, though giving frequent evi- dences of both traits. Both these qualities are Baturally produced b y t h e great disadvantages' umder which they labor when their native offensive and defensive weapons are brought in contact with the fearful ingenuity of foreign arms. If twenty y e n with revolvers and Minie rifles can slay five ^HundredChinesewithpikesandgingalsbeforethe latter begin to be effective, it is very probable that thefivehundredwiilsoonl^arotorunfromthe twenty; and if open warfare is found in every in- stance to result disastrously to the Chinese, no mat- ter what the comparison of forces engaged, doubt- less deceit and treachery will take precedence of everything else.. In these traits the Chinese only follow the natural course, when weakness contends •with overwhehning power. But whatever the acts ^r the rpecial characteristics of the Chinese, theyapring from one grand Bouree; and that is, an in- stinctive aversion t o foreign interference. Some may talk of the willingness of the better classes of Chinesetoadmitforeignerstothecountry; some may talk of kind receptions accorded sundry Mis- sionaries of the Cross; some may talk of the wil- lingness of the Chinese to trade with one country- ana another.Thisisweltenoughsofaras it goes. Butifto- -«lay the question could be brought to a vote of the Chinese Empire, Shall foreigners have access to this country ? there would be such a rousing No!from 400,000,000 voices that the noise might be heard half round the world. The fear and aver- sion are both instinctive. They are the character- istics of the youngest child aud the oldest man. They have no respect to the title of foreigner, ex- cept that, as England has been the greatest acourge, she is most feared. But the general sen- timentincludesallnations,andallrepresentativesthePeihoisbynomeansapopul.ivmovementhere, Inshippingthereseemsmoreactivitythanusual,thoughtheimprovement istemporary. Somany .coal freights arecomioginfromEngland,the States, Australia, and elsewhere, that a largeamount of tunnage will soon collect.The coolie-trade is still in progress, though somedifficulty exists in obtaining candidates. A move- ment, sanctioned by Government, for buying coo- lies for Demerara, is not much more successful, though the priee offered is $20 per head, and care is taken not to " separate families."spiritabroadinherlimits;thestandardof agricul turewithherhasbeenlow,andherindustrialpur- suitsinastateofinertia;muchofherfairplainstraworkatfencingandotherjobsbetweencrops,and ontheseterms,withstrictindustryandfrugality,can laybysomethingfortherainyday. Thelightprairie soil, free from stumps, and almost devoid of boulders to impede the progress of the plow, is so much easier-Of all nations. If there is bravery shown, it is thatforeigners may be driven away? if treachery, it is lith depots where they can be fed; they mustyour wife, children, and the State, let us all try it forthree years; and if your creditors see you are tryinghard, and making tracks in the right place, they willhave mercy on you. If they will not, come to OldJake, and if he has it in his power he will help you.OVSTKRS IN THK CHKSAFEAKE.—The Maryland Leg- islature has a bill before it which interests our oyster- men, who bare, for years past, suffered from the ro- strictivo character of the Maryland laws, guarding tho oyster beds in Chesapeake Bay. The bill now boforo the Legittlature allows dredging for oyiters in deepfor the same end; if lying, treaty-breaking, shuf- fling, maneuvering, delaying, promising, flattering, diplomatizing, andwhat not,allthese are butthe aeroll-work which surrounds the one grand entreaty—-*• Do go away and let us alone !"eat, anu had they the inclination, the country theyoccupy would not produco enough to feed them. UnlessfcomethiDgisdonebyourGovernment,otherthanmakhig 'Ca'ico'Treaties,' and sending special agentsto distribute presents they must again nave possessionof this great mining Territory. A proper effort now ministered in moderate quantities.madewillgiveusprotectionforthepresent,andsecu- going away, nor is China going to be let alone; rity for the future.Theincitantswhichhavehadtheeffectofbring-ing them out of their inordinately-continued suspen- would doubtless be the destiny of the system, if an sion of the active functions of their being as counties' influential body of Middle States farmers should lo-Remember, you must take his advice all through the water in Chesapeake Bay. The bill is accompaniedpiece." byamemorial,signedbyalltheprincipalpacking- houses and dealers in Baltimore, complaining that tho The Duke of Wellington elept in a camp bedstead to supply is uot equal to the demand, and that there arothe close of his life, and it is said that he would always abundant oysters in deep water which cannot betaken with tongs, aa the law prescribes. They state thatget up instead of turning over in bed, when ence three out of every five vessels engaged in running awakened in the morning. Jacob Strawn seems to oysters to market are compelled to dredge them, and,have followed a like habit, for, in a newspaper article, when caught doing so,their vessels are seized and soldtrom which ihe preceding extracts are taken, he says: under the law , leaviug them penniless, without tho means of support. The memorial asserts that it ia anNow, I arnvery well aware thatwearenotfor 1» not "China to be thrown open to th " I know of no virtue these Indians possess. They•whethertbeirreligionistrueorfalse. Andeven Ewall,doesallinhispower;butwhatcanheaccom- atthePeiho,aswelearnfromChinesesources, plishwhenhecan,fromatwocompanypost(whichonly needed development to add materially to her' < When' you wake up, do not roll over, but roll out. It undeniabble tact that there are more oysters in Chesa- them,undueimportanceshouldnotbeattachedto willgiveyoutimetoditchallyoursloughs,break peakeBaythisdaythanthereweretwentyyearsago."T-;,.. •.•i,w-- y *,,•<, .-, .•,-,•Si ir . s**#*1/mgrant, there will be exceeding fifty miles of railroad in two lines in Sussex County; these lines will alljrvmchea, rn^wjjgi^ J: of the forts at the Peiho, ending with., anentirely prok&fci^ apology from the Emperor and a peaceful embas- ance by bringing up reserves who manned— have so £» m» rooien cloths?have so nwj&i^^ v e ^ & e s * W cannot be misunderstood; and an advance upon wanting to show that we have a noble representa- whether our citizens will accept this County, and a diversity of crops; although the corn crop willbe particle of effeminacy about him. This moustachePermajority of the English contingent are likely to be but as a noble, kind-hearted, fearless man, who, tion of vital importance, and if Congress adjourns cleared and draiued, and waste lands are being to the gentleman in question and said bluntly, " Young * ^ r * c t e c ^ J ^ native troops from India, it remains to be seen how seeing what his duty was, did it handsomely, with- without action in our behalf, there is great proba- brought into cultivation; farmers are beginning to man, it must take you a long time to fix that concernIn the old times his practice in feeding steers was t» commence in October, while the cattle were still ia pasture^giviDgthemiot more than six quarts a day.that yon should opexg fiaey compare with the Mongols of the North. Cer- rthe stinndatioaxg do* tain is it that a new enemy, and one more formida-out spending a. week considering what the result bility of the establishment of a Provisional Govern- turn their attention to raising vegetables for the every morning. Now," said he, pointing to the ven-might be to him personally or professionally. ment. Northern markets; the soil and climate are both erable CoL Foster, " I like this old gentleman best; he After feeding them ten days he increased the allow-l-rerj manafeetoiwprtetfoeo * of IKWB qtrtcatitiwi of fcwvent of the railroad'within her borders, has been Strawn is a Dutchman is erroneous. His father re- the waste in any event. If he fed heavily he had half emulating her sister county in this respect, and the mained first a year in Perry Coanty, and then went to as many stock cattle as fat cattle to follow. H e s*U» result has been numerous large and profitable Licking County. Jacob worked three or four years on as soon as ha can do so at a moderate profit, replacing orchards. Sussex also, anticipating the road hi3father's farm, and then bought 240 acres from himwhich rained upon them. H e gave assist-The New-Mexican Legislature has also organized a new County of this section, embracing the country west of the Apache Pass of the Chiricahui Moun-sy to Pekin—in this case, there will be very little the gun-boats, and got them out, or rather, such ofexcitement, and no important changes. So far as them as would float with their shocking freight of tains," to be called Arizona County, and Tucson to has been varied; a new era harbeen inaugurated tache; but withal was a fine, manly fellow, without a actionsspeak,the determination of the Emperor convicts anddeath. And,that nothing might be be the County seat. It is extremely doubtful infarming; personsaredirectingtheirattentiontostand-still. HowWesternChristianityprogresses, withimprisoningAmerican citizens,welearnhas I have not heard. threatened to order from the country all who refuee to The present state of affairs in Europe has a far take up arms. If this. new mandate is carried intoconsequenthighprices; scarcityofwastelands; fine roads, and as fine fences; scientific farmers,and the general cheerful aspect of affairs, attest her ex- alted position as an agricultural district; an Agri- cultural Society in a flourishing condition, with its yearly fairs creditable to. any region, it the natural result of their improved system.and,asanaturalconsequence,hehasamassedalarge fortune.more important bearing upon this colony, than the effect, we may look for a barge increase inour Mexican population. Under suchasystemitistobeexpectedThe number of his acres had been so exaggerated tous,thatweweresurprisedtohearhimsaythathehad not,hesays,eatmorethansixtunsofhayduringthoT1IV.AP ACHEE W E L L — ANEW COUNTY—FEELING OF THE PEOrLE—ducted in a primitive manner, without much en- cause and effect? Is the improvement in Agricul- applied to results which were actually to be ascribed to Democratic Omaha has fallen before the onwardLATEST FROMARIZONA.agitated to be auxiliary to a State Society which is so apparently lifeless were the occupants of the being formed.EXPEDITION—RETURN OF PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENT —L A TEST SONORA INTELLIGENCE, From Our Own Correspondent.E T C .lightenment concerning the constituents of MotherEaitb, her requirements, and the nature of cropsConfined to the cultivation of the staples of cornand wheat, little attention has been directed to the Sioduction of other things. From this absence of a iversity of products, and the incessant tillage ol theland,withoutaffording ittherequisitenutri- ment, the soil in a great measure became ex-ture dependent upon the decline of the peculiar in- stitution, or is the latter indebted to the former for for t h e decline ? A r e these diversities chargeablethe shiftless management of eome prairie farmers. . He says he breaks bis ground in March, as soon as the frost is out, and in April plants; so that by gettingmarch of RepubUcanism. Our city and constitutional convention elections were both held here to-day, and in both the Republicans were triumphant, electing their whole ticket by fair majorities in both elections, with the exception of Marshal on the city ticket. F o r our young city, it is a glorious triumph. It is the first city election in which the Republicans have run a sepa- rateticket. OmahahasbeenconsideredashopelesslyCAPT.the most darine and was only successful because thecountry to which they took the stock was compara-tively inaccessible. They were immediately followed recognized- the necessity of free labor within herThe vote for delegates to the Constitutional Conven-by Captain Ewell of the army, with twenty-five dra-goons, and myself, with twenty men. W e had the sat-isfaction of coming up with them something like onehundredandfiftymilesfromtheranche. Tieirnum-ber can be iudged of from the fact that they killed and ests; and the impulse thus imparted to her agricul- ate fifteen bead the day of our arrival, anathemselveBtheir corn planted. If they would keep at work alltook to the mountains, entirely inaccessible to us.They easily kept out of the range of our rifles, and de-fied us in all ways. As we scaled one mountain theywouldtake 1canother,our shot falling far shortofthfcm; aa w e would get within six to eight hundredyards they would discbarge a shower of arrows, doingus no barm, and a few bullets which came unpleasantlycloee. W e cculd have followed them in the same way doing much to diffuse a spirit of progressive move- buDdredfl of miles with the same success. Of one ment among their agricultural brethren, and whose thing I am certain, if the Apaches get stock to thenorth of the Gila w e have no hope of recovering them;they will either kill them or run them into the moun-tains. To my mind there were only two courses to be tion has pervaded the masses. It is but recentlying quaint terms: " D o not fail to get into bed by tins Territory. . _•v; ; „6even, and roll out early and attend to business. There The river at this place has been open since * el). ~W.is no morning so dark, but what you can do something and our steam ferry-boat immediately commencedifthewillisthere. Forheaven'ssake,andthatof running.AboatisdailyexpectedfromSt.Louis,a.adopted, one, to make a vigorous campaign against them, driving them into suojection, then making a boundaryoverwhichtheyshallnotpass. Another, to ' lay off' a reservation north of the Oila and estab-that the two courties, and especially the Southernone, have been aroused from their lethargic condi-tion,theirfeverishdreamsconcerningpassiveim- littleweight,sincemenfromtheNorth emigrating provement have not been realized, their fitful start- into a border Slave State generally take their preju- ings have ceased, and their somnolency terminated, dices with them regarding Slavery. And if these and all are improved, now that they are thoroughlyrecovered from tho effects of th< ir protracted, unna-men go in any force, they drive the institution before them by force of the sentiment which they occasion in the community. Where the institution is not deeply rooted, they press it on as did the first settlers the aborigines, feeling that it was decreed that such shouldbethefateofthenativesoftheforest. This4<bfci*ed influences of Western civilization will abandon their families in order to steal; they will and filling them with aspirations, are the railroads^ cate in either of the two counties; every arrival leave them as lioatage* and break a treaty within sight•'and trade, and Christianity"? Of course l of the post which confines them. Bands will separate, which, by much effort, have been constructed, and might be regarded as an encroachment on its do- »- A t Canton already, the Gospel according the one part to make a treaty, the other to steal. They are now traversing important sections of the three main. As to the malarial principles which they to gunpowder has had free course, and been glori are cowards at heart, yet wnl risk all to steal. Our counties. The steam-whistle has awakened them consider as inherent in the atmosphere of a Slave fled exceedingly, while ten thousand Chinese hnv troops arc powerless, as they are few in number and from their torpor, and demonstrated that the com-Jbeen sent to kingdom come, to see for themselve without horses. The military commander here, Capt. monwealth had properties lying dormant, whichState, with the apprehension that they would be pre- judicial to thdr.views, and every way obnoxious toprosperity, and that thesepropertiescouldbo more than fifteen hundred were doubtless con- ought to be four), mount but twenty-five men 7 The Drought out by a reasonable degree of energy. Thethiscircumstance,astheadventofthisclassof themupandharrowthem,andsowthemwithtimo-farmers would serve to purify the air, remove someof its noxious properties, and introduce other any thy." In a country where the vast amount of arable moresalutaryelements. Theextinctionofthepol- landmakesfarmerscarelessastogreatnicetyofdetails,icy is decreed eventually, but the decree would b\i he keeps his corn well cultivated, plows his groundInsteadofinjuringthebods,itistheonlywayby which the quantity can be increased.IPhiladelphia FuWic U4g«r.A WHOLE FAMILY POISONED.—-The citizens , of ISapierville, Dupage County, have been having a mad dogexcitementlately. Oneday.thisweek,agentle- man,whosenamewehavenotlearnod,wenttoadrujr,vinced of the error of their ways.And lyet, whatever may transpire in the future; whatever the Chinese may"do or say; whether they jight,oryield,orpromise,ortemporize; whateverthecorrespondence of thecomingyearmayrelate,those wife read at home should bear in mind that.g XL It should be kept in mind that the rules and•custom* which regulate the intercourse of Euro- i pean nations are no criterion here.$10,001>,0<M) paid for this Territory, if properly protect- Delaware Kailroad, in running through the southern<y-the watchword of China is a simple, prayerful, not '* %ery thrtateninrr, ** Noth m e tangere."ed,willproveagoodinvestment;butiiweareleft without protection, it might as well have been thrownaway."Aconcertedmovementfortheformationofa ProvisionalGovernment lias been commenced by the leading men of the eastern section of this Ter- ritory. It is proposed to call a Convention at Tucson, which shall convene sometime in April next and form a Constitution. The movement is ratherpremature,asthefriends ofthemeasure should at least wait until the adjournment of Con-portionofthenortherncounty,nearlytheentire length of Kent, and the western side of Sussex, has done much to stimulate agriculture. Withm the pastyearseveralmilesincontinuationofthisline have been constructed in thelattercounty; nine miles of the Junction and Breakwater Railroad have been completed; this line taps the Delaware road at Claxk's Corner, and is now complete^tothis influx be anticipated. It is now so inert as to populationthattheStateshouldnotbeaffectedbyit, solarasisconsideredtheavailabilityofhercapaci- ties, with a proper development of her.resources.deep, cute his grasa atthe timewhen experience, rather thanreading,hastaughthimitcontainsmostnutritiveIn all European discussions, there are recognized"beads of Government. Each nation is a unit, and gress, in order to give that august body an opportu- direct communication between the Dolawarewife, also expired from the effects of a small portion of the supposed gum, and the man was himsolf takes dargerjusry ill, he having taken a taste of thopowonits Government is accessible and responsible.Kot so with China. Each province is a separate kingdom in itself, differing from every other in lan- guage, style of dress, and general character. Per- i a p s i t m a y b e t r u l y * a i d t h i t . e < c e p t i n g o n l y t h i s•.r,•just returned from a southern tour in Italy. Mr. Nuie,while in Home, bad met Rev. Theodore Parker andparty, and reports " that Mr. Parker looked very well, country, seemed to us more attractive than any other under tho same mistake. Our->informant_stateirthstBreakwater and Philadelphia. When these linesare constructed, and they are projected under very visional Government will become a necessity, and favorable auspices, the State aiding to the amountThe town of Jacksonville iteelf, and the adjacentand had strong hopes for himself." Mr. Nute was ou part of niinoia that we visited in our trip last FalL town by eating a eodacracker prewurodfor adog.nity of legislating in o u r behalf. Then, if nothingis done for our relief, the establishment of a Pro-the child of another man hasboon poisoned in tho taisow i l l m e e t w i t h l i t t l e o p p o s i t i o n .T h e L e g i s l a t u r eo f n e a r l y h a l l a m i l l i o n o f d o l l a r s , f r o m a l o t t e r yThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069h i e w a y t o P a r i s .T h e r e i s a u a b u n d a n c e o f t i m b e r Lu a u d a b o u t t h e t o w n , *I C W o w t S i ) **•*«, M a t t * 10*\iLEWES, Del., March 10,1860. Thesentiment—arecentutteranceofa distin- guished Senator and statesman—that BO soon as a Statefeelstheimpulsesofenterpriseorambition, itscitizensbegintostudytheeffect nfwhathave beendenominatedsystems ofcay-iandlaborre- spectivelyuponitsprosperityandintelligence,hasthusgettingthebottomwellpuddledbythetrampling of their feet, and making it almost water-tight. Tho heavyrainsofasingleWintersufficedtopoorenoughv^twftTiawMa^t^itvwirtiifeBa^irtMrt^a't'^ 2S9S39£3i8i§3SI5fl9!—-•...-- ERamsniBmBnnim i*y. •mNEW-Y6RK DAILY TRIBUNE, SAWRDAY, MARCH 17, im.Your correspondent is not apt to indulge in Information has been received of the total loss well adapted to the successful production of this shaves like a Christian." W e give ti is as a specimenble than any which has before opposed itself, is foundin these hardy "Northern Chinese; and, though thereis good reason to doubt the opinion, at one timefreely expressed, concerning Russian or other foreignassistance being at the service of the enemy, yet modore for doing more honor to the stars and last two years, was in the employ of the Unitediase of r a wloditaes, Woiaust>>olc?wealth, nappaess;tercept the mails. She was wrecked on Lobos itition for home adver* locks or gingals, with which the Chinese have hith- ber that China is a wide world in itself, and owing Island, and laid there some two weeks. Three :'i:ne$, or Post. MTfaJj erto been content, muskets, and even rifles, are by to the peculiar want of sympathy between Province sailors were drowned. The officers and men of the; culiarly applicable to this locality, in which, every ties in one quarter by no means involves danger in but their efforts proved of no avail.w coaaam«r most ratmotfc Chinese; not unfrequently pistols, in lots of fifty to ever)' other Province affairs will jog along quietly. of?c^d»n-rorutoed txhwatdroad, it in the habit of thor a hundred pair, being brougtit in. This last faet is When the troops arrive, and have had time to •d, &nd M>Uat any pric*. »a derived from personal observation; and, in view of reach the scene of action, we in Hong Kong shallya of the domestatfmarw Ripply the foreign one*engage the attention of agriculturists, and indeedhaving been sent by Capt. Porter of i the United has already done it, is the cultivation of fruit, and 1800; but went with his parents to Ohio in 1817, and weather came, if it should be deferred until January.heroics; but really he is more tempted in the pres- of the brig Manuel Payne, belonging to Capt. branch of husbandry, which is found to yield a bet-oftheman,foritisinentirekeepingwiththescoresof anecdotes that are told of his blunt, straightforwardentcase than ever before. Anditisashamefor some papers to abuse and vilify our excellent Com-Stone's party for the Sonora Survey. Thebrig, which has been in the Gulf of California for theterprofitthan thestaples, sincosuchfacilities for good markets havo been afforded."week, greater or less quantities of small arms are another. Should the whole Pekin district be The latest intelligence from Sonora, which I copy w the domwtic eontutMr,' sold at public auction, and h*variably purchased by burned up, unless some local cause should arise, in from The Arizonian is of interest: .rh»ch might d«?»M prloealittl*oraoprofit* ^^ the fact that a war isimminentattheNorth,it>ssible for The Londoit seems to a looker-on strange that so constant a sup- p 0 ^ Apap&e precisely 1 ply of weapons should be afforded the enemy. How-be only moved to see a copy of The North China Herald when the mail comes in. But, whatever the result of operations there, the effect will bo con- fined to the immediate locality.There is trouble in Japan again, and a very de- cided protest of the British Consul-General ad- ministers rebuke to his own countrymen as being• the cause of it.It is the same old story, so often repeated.Japan, like China, is to be thrown open to theblessings of Western Christianity, civilization and trade. A treaty, half granted, half extorted, is signed, and trade regulations are established.and started in life for himself at twenty years of age, with the assistance of a wife. Tho first year he gave bis father-in-law a bushel of salt to induce him to saveHis allowance of pasture and corn for each head «£athesnrpro^ and teUJjve the domestic'niasw*ever, it is a strange country every way. While the British fleet bombarded Canton, Chinese boats sup-year-old steers at $8 and turned them off at $16; bat the prices have so advanced that he now paya from. $25 to $30 per head and sells for $50 to $60. The profit is the same as formerly, but the capital involved muckplied food for the fleet. compliment, t h e Chinesea n d ammunition before theyvere paid by thehoa^ stood in the States; and for want of this under- look abroad for little standing an immense amount of pointless or unjusthe first to demand pro* rPerhaps, to return thethe steamer made tri-weekly trips between Phila-of this Territory in the ranks.of the army—Pedro and delphia and Lewes, the farmers in the vicinity of now is. This farm ho worked for eleven years, greater.' ould you not sssurgM Isaibility ofarras again. There are some general characteristics of China «Tid its affairs which it seems to me are not under-Conrado Aguirre, brothers, and natives of Las Cruces, the town were prompted to plant peach trees, ArizonaTerritory,aboutayearsincemarriedinSonora. trustingtofindamarketforthefruit; theresultIall of whose expen*^Hopaysnoattentionwhatevertobloodincattleor that after he had purchased and paid for 2,800 acres of horses, but chooses from their appearance alone. Tho under the protection of the United States Government, tive; indeed, it should not be otherwise, for the soil land, he had $6,300 in cash remaining, aud eleven several anecdotes which he recounted to us as we sata r et o b e furnished a r e bombarded" A n attempt, was recently made to impress citizensas much as he needed to make him the rich man. heiper and preesworkt Criticism is exercised by the home press. The ex- Before the appointed time, merchants, specula-themthe absoluteas* ceedinglyanti-Englishtoneof most of the papersagainst a " warfare?* which reach here from the United States is to be e creation of a " fita^ deplored, not, perhaps, that it does any harm, buttors, agents, and all sorts come pouring in; contra- band goods demand admission; currency regula- tions are thrown to the winds; officials of every grade arc insulted, snubbed and abused; swarms of drunken sailors are turned loose from ships of all nations to recreate in the streets and private housesAmerican citizens; but notwithstanding their protest, the authorities sent an armed force, and they were ta- ken prisoners, and compelled to do service. Their brother, Epifanio Aguirre, who was there at the timeif, after raising wheat for a couple of years on the with heavy black mane and tail; round body, largeIt is conceived that there will be no departure Blinois farm, to prepare it for its destined use, he barn-string, short back, long belly, fifteen or six-from the text, if the differences in the agricultural Bhculd have given his whole energies to cattle, horses, teen hands in bight, and to weigh about 1,200 pounds. prosperity in certain sections of the State are noted, For rnany years he has not let his stock horses comeand the relations of domestic systems to that pros- and hogs, and continued the practice to this day.perity. The Northern county long ago tacitly de- There are few men who have worked harder, prac- | into a stable, but keeps them running out all Winter.termined that Slavery was not essential to her well- ticed more frugality, and followed more absolute He gives them nothing but hay when the snow is onwhen domestic eon*,down, would compg~iecause, to all candid observers who have passed through the scenes of the last three years, these Criticisms must seem for the moet part grossly outStates Government, at the time /she was wrecked,it is a fact beyond dispute that, in the science of for- •tripes in one afternoon, than has been done in thein stock raising. His grandfather was English, and hismosttrulysaidJ BOmeansscarceamongthemnow. Thisfactispe- andProvince,abovomentioned,thefactofhostili- .StMary8didallintheirpowertosavethebrig, sivepeachorchards.'„KentCount)-,sincethead- BucksCounty,Pa.;sothatthepopularnotionthat Strawnadvisesthekeepingofenoughhogstoea'.uptification and gunnery, much has been learned, and last four years all together.to supply iteifiteafc not badly learned, from foreign schools. It is wor- For the benefit of those who have friends in the reason thatfcand thy of note, too, that, in place of the clumsy match- China, let me say that they should always remem-Jacob Strawn was born in Pennsylvania in the yearthere remained for fourteen years, engaged principally By the latter part of January or the early part of Feb-States sloop-oV-war St. Marys, to Acapulco, to in-pa rticularly.of the peach. Already has the businessattained to considerable prominence, and is quite asource ol*revenue to those pursuing it. The north-ern county has been famous for years for its exten- nine sons, including Jacob's father, were all born in ever have beds of corn and fodder to lie upon. Mr." A pronunciamento had taken placs at Ma^dalena, but only of a local character. The difficulty between the authorities and the people having arisen from the unjust military eervice demanded of them, who, for a long time, have been forced to do duty in protecting a ranch on the San Pedro, the private property of one of Pesquiera*8 friends. Several of the prominent citizens of Magdalena had been arrested and placed in jail by the Prefect; but, upon giving heavy bonds, were re- leafed.the ones sold with other cattle, for he thinks that " the " nimble sixpence is better than the slow shilling.'' •received an exemplification of its truth in the histo- havo lain idle long, waiting to yield up their treas-ry of Delaware.The greater portion of the Diamond State, inures to some enterprising man who should come and work them. She has shown in time past some- thing like a blind adherence for her domestic sys-extent if the owners would make these water basins on.borders, and its advantages, and her improvement has been characteristic irom her proximity to cer- tain sister States, a spirit of vigor has been infused, whichhasrenderedherwide-awaketoherinter-ture and manufactures has been attended with a revulsion of the sentiments of her community, which are now of a decided Anti-Slavery tendency. The declarationmadeconcerningtheothertwocounties must not be considered a sweeping one; the remark applied to Sussex is generally true, but there are many enlightened farmers in these counties, who arecannot plow, cut and split your wood. Make yourtracks (roads) when it rains hard, cleaning your stables,or fixing something which you would have to stop theplowfor,andfix,ingoodweather. Fixthefence,orthe gate that is off its hinges, or weatherboard yourbarn, or patch the roof of your house." In otherwords, Mr. Strawn would have his brother farmers doas he has done, and has given notice publicly, that ifthey will scrupulously observe bis directions, he willguarantee success. His offer he couches in the follow-Thayer, G. C. Monell, J. II. Kellom, Joseph Fox, J , C. Mitchel, E. P . Brewaterj and H. Munger.The call for the Convention will probably be voted down by the people. Hero the vote was largely againetit. Themeasurewas a Democratic one,and they are responsible for it. The general opinion is that the Territory will go decidedly Republican, and if the Convention should be held there will be a clew Republican majority in that body. Prominent Demo- crats have admitted to-day that we fairly outvoted them last Fall; but they cheated us at the ballot-box. and by means of those frauds Gen. Eatabrook holds (for the present) the seat of Delegate in Congress frontfanns are productive and profitable; but it has only been of late that a vigorous operation in this direc-tural, and unhealthy sleep, and feel refreshed and invigorated with the stimulents which are being ad!IIH&%tUM- ^A*Cantonese is called a foreigner at Foo-Chow, Memorial to the Conortn of the United Stat** totalling the be constructed at a cost of not more than $8,000 JACOB STKAWK iswell known throughout the West- appearance of a New-England rural district. w><jCandrice versa. organisation oftheTerritory of Artxan*; a mile. What sources of wealth are thereby erncountryasoneof itsmostsuccessful farmers,and m ^ Whertae, The ptop'e of the Southern and Western portion of fatmbgland in that vidnity is valued at $50 to $f5 per'^Forgetfulness of these two facts has occasioned the Territory ofNew-Mexico, being within the limits of the pro- opened up to our citizens that have heretofore even in the older States his example is cited to show acre. ' •''"''•unnecessary acerbity on the part of some in respect posed Terri-ory of Arizona, have been for the last three years remained occult! How many mines have been dis- what energy and enterprise can do on a prairie farm To illustrate the accuracy inestimating the weight *£to the acts of Commodore Tatnall off the Peiho, asking of Congress a sepairate. Territorial organization i and closed which would otherwise not have beenquired, we may #tate that he informed us that be had judgedlotsof100to500headofsteers,andvariedb«thalf a ecore of pounds from the actual weights, a s a s -certainedbythescales. Hebuysinpreferencetibw*andfouryear-oldsteers,buttakesthemofallages,if Resolved, By the Senate andHouse of Representatives of the consideration that these railway enterprises are rough welcome of a Western farmer. The evidences necessary. Getting them in February and March, h»inadequacy theirnecessities,fromgeographicalbarriersthatthecoantiyespecially, have received a marked force of move-wealthinmoneyandlands,andonewhoshouldform itself imposes. And, whereat, the great majority of the cititlzens everywhere apparent throughout tho State is as a notion of the individualfrom these would be surprisedmentfromtheseenterprises, andtheimprovementprocurethatconsiderationandprotootionfromtheCongressof decidedastheincitementwhichoriginatedit;and tofind,aswedid,onvisitinghimathome,aplain,of New-Mexico, sympathize with them In their endeavors t oUir United States, that they, as American citizens, are so justly though there are those who are influenced by the bluff man, of simple manners,, who gave to us the entitled;therefore,beitregardedas'*Abolitionizers,"andwouldmarkand condemn them as such, there are few who do not recognize them as of more moment and importance than all the slaves within the domains of the State. If these improvements are viewed in the light'of " Abolitionizers," they are also esteemed as civil- izers; intelligence, enterprise, and improvements, are accompaniments of railroads, as well 'as the inevitable Irishman.pekin will prove a very different undertaking from tive, brave as well as humane, he, unarmed, went organize it by the election of County officers. the staple, there will be a diversion in favor of other seemed to take Mr. Strawn's eye, and at last, after *e market? :flfeQdfe anything which has yet been tried; and, since the into the thickest of the fight, not as a combatant, Our isolated position renders a separate organiza- products. Large bodies of swamps are being having surveyed each of us for some minutes, he turned, w , .saaable J* . ^ v ^ If an advance upon Pekin is in view, then we stand attack, as some, very stupidly, have asserted. Heearly as November, because of having had more oattto1 knowing what the forces will do when they arrive,four years. The Commodore did not assist in the This nro»^< irpon the threshold of the moat important scenes saw the gun-boats filled with wounded and dyingwhich, have yet transpired. If, however, the opera- men, while there was not force enough left to France has V j tions be confined to the capture and destruction bring them out of the storm of death0 1to a given quantity of bind than he has at present. Ha He is short in stature, heavy in body, and full of keeps a man to about every hundred head,which, witkand officials of every grade in the course of the laststances of a drover's life. How he has overcome these, we will endeavor to show.brawnandmuscle. He hailedus as weapproached Idssystemofmanagement,issufficient. Thecatiearo,/. •<•(fed in timber groves, and the corn is thrown on, tka • i l l ceived us otherwise with little ceremony. One of our ground, stalks and all, just as it is hauled from, tho(Signed) (Signed)WEVIJ KEITHLY, Speakerofthe HouseofRepresentatives.JOSE G. GALLEGOS, ^residence de Conselo.new avenues in agricultural pursuits. The business Napoleonic fashion of twisting the ends of his mous-half a bushel daily, and the large cattle get even much as three pecks. T wo hogs are turned in to eack steer, to collect the waste. Mr. Strawn thinka sixty bushels a large crop of corn, and mietruststhe fabulous stories of yields that sometimes meet us in the paper*.ance by one quart if the cattle were large, and always feeding at one regular hour.' Or if he wished to get them fat, soon, he commenced with two feeda of five quarts each by tiio first of November; by the tenth he gives two feeds of six quarts; and so, increasing slow- ly, he got them up to their full feed only when the ooWAnother branch of business which is destined to way of doing business.Undoubtedly, exaggerated stories are told of his" drawing its slow length along," has plantedthousands of peach and other trees within the. lastthree years; large quantities were set out last year,and by the time that the whistle of the locomotiveshall startle the few deer and bear that yet remain for him liis straw. He bought 53 calves, and keeping etock is two acres. In former tunes, he bought thro* in the deep recesses of the forests in the extreme them until thoy were three-year olds, sold the lot forsouthern section of the county, Sussex will be very an average price of $10 50, which gave him his first like a fruit garden. Not many years since when real start in life. It was a small beginning, but quite.when he went to Illinois with a purse so furnishedthey took up their residence there for a short time. It of the country is peculiarly adapted to the culture good horseB.appears that from the recent movements mado by the in the front porch of his house, fully evinced his con-people of that State to depose Governor Pesquieia, all of the peach. Nurserymen from New-York and When a boy of ten years of age, he determined to tempt for those who are weak enough to devote them-malecitizensofthatStatearecalledout,mustered,and theNorth,whohavevisitedthecounty,andstudieddrilled every Sunday morning. Pedro and Conrado its advantages with reference to the peach, assert be a cattle grower, and even then was considered a selves, to raising blooded stock. His points of meritAguirre refused to obey the order, stating they were hat the soil and climate could not be more fit. tolerably good judge of stock; so that it is not strange in a farm horse axe a large eye, bay color,In expectation of that country, at an early, day coming justified their expectations; the business was lucra-Winter. He thinks that he can raise five colts so as to that having sold half of the 7,800 he owned at Jack- be large enough to use, cheaper than he can raise oneand has eventuated in her almost abandoning the in- only some ten oreleven thousand acres in all. At first, with steers.stitution as a matter of policy. Although below her when his farm was small, he managed it all personally, On a high knoll a short distance from the house, Mr. sistercountyonthenorthinthegeneralcharacter butasitincreasedinsizeherentedit.inthismanner: Strawnhasmadeawaterbasin,Bimilartothosewhich ofherfarms,andthomultitudinousproductsofher Thetenantplows,cultivates,andcutsupthecorncrop, -oneseesallthroughCentralKentucky.Itistwentysoil, and in the appearance of the country, still her and receives from the owner a price which varies from rods long, ten wide, and ten feet deep. He railed it marchofimprovementisonward:afew years agoan Agricultural Society was instituted there, show- eight to twelve cents per bushel, according toycircum- around, and fed corn in the basin to cattle and hogs,andwewereassuredthatithadneverbeen driedbut onceintwelveyears.Howmanyscoresoflargefarms thereareontheGrandPrairie,onwhichthepoorcat- tle are watered only in sloughs and puddles, as chanoopermits, would be enhanced in value to a wonderfulsonville, and a like proportion of the 10,000 betweenslaves;apassiveemancipationhasbeeninprogress, JacksonvilleandSpringfield,hewasnowpossessedof cannotbesoldtogetherforcash,ascanalwaysbedonaKent some time ago began to get rid of heretances;Strawnfuinishingland,houses,firewood,andpasture for the cows and vrork-horses. The planworkedsowellthatithasbeenfollowed withoutcultivated;therehasnotbeenmuchofaYankee changesincethecommencement. Thetenantgetsex- waterintothebasinforseveralhundredheadofstock,to work than our Eastern farms that Strawn estimatesmatters of agriculture especially, has enjoyed a tems. Since a passive abolitionism—as has been he has spent more labor on 500 acres of woodland in the highest portions of the bind!truly Kip V an Winkle sleep for many years, and Bhowh in .a previous paper—lias been going oh, Ohio, than on 5,000 and even more of prairie. Hencethere are sections of its fair lands which might with propriety have been designated "Sleepy Hollow,"Sussex is beginning to awake and be sensible of her his tenants can, at the small prices paid them per bush- interests. A County Agricultural Society is now el for corn-raising, live and support a family, whensuch would not perhaps be possible in an older State. Since1831, Mr.Strawnrecollectsbuttwofailuresof the corn crop; but the portentousword has often beenNEBRASKA A REPUBLICAN TERRITORY.Correspoadenc* of The N. Y . Trfbun*.OMAHA, K.T.,March5,I860.' "Wo have met the enemy, and they are ours."soil. Fanning, forthemost part, has been con- Now, to what arethese differences attributable? Are they mere coincidences, or do we see in themTUBAC, Feb. 24, 1860. The scouting party against the Apaches, under CaptK.S.Ewall,U.S.A.,hascomein. The followingextractfromaletterwrittenbyMr.S. H. Lathrop, Director of the Sonora Exploring andMiniDg Company, who accompanied Capt. Ewall situated, as it were, between two large cities, and there is an apparent antagonism between enter-iBwith ten citizen volunteers, gives a complete ac-count of the expedition: *" The bite robbery of the Sonora Comnany is one ofcontiguous to an enterprising Free State, she prise and ambition on the one hand, and Slavery on has notfailed jfco become the recipient of some of that the other, and that the latter is a barrier to theenergy and enterprise which mark her neighbors, furtherance of the former. Some might construeat our neighbors in the Spring, about the timetheir corn should be planted. They get in agTeat hurry, getting ready harness, plows, andalmost everything belonging to their business. Bust-ling around, going' to mill, getting a part of a loadof wood at a time, for they have not time enough tohaul a full load, they are so extremely hurried to get tion is not yet determined in this county, as the returnsto situation with respectto natural resources,or aheadoftheheavySpringrainshesecuresacrop,wheredo we perceive in it a confirmation of the doctrines his neighbors have often failed. In Winter his farm of the " Impending Crisis," that the system para-lyzes progress? It is an illustration of the proposi- tools and harness are all repaired and: made ready for tion,thatsosoonasacommonwealthissensible use,forheistooshrewdabusinessmantosufferhim-•of an enterprising force impelling it, it begins to Belf to be overtaken by work in a hurrying season, Democratic. Executive patronage, corruption, and agitatethesubject,isthisorthatmethodcalcu- whenheisunpreparedtogetitoutoftheway.Asbriberyhavehithertosucceededincontrollingthohausted. 'The upper county is not open to this charge, for, lated to advance our progress ?—and again, that he says liimself, in a published article, "Lookaflairs of our city, but now we trust' their end has come. Two years ago a Republican here was sneered at, and told he had better go back East—it was too' far west for Repubhcaniam; but by per- severence and a faithful adherence to principle, he is now looked up to as a man among men.are not all in. It has most probably gone Republican, aswehaveelectedourentireticketinthiscity,which. hasbeenconsideredthestrongholdofx)emocracy.and to inherit, in part, their sentiments relating to certain questions of domestic policy. She soonthese instances as an evidence of an " irrepressible conflict."Notwithstanding that Slavery does exist " in spots" in the State—but only nominally upon the whole—it does not exist in such an unadulterated form,astocheckinanygreatdegree,themarchof improvement in Agriculture. Every nook and cor- ner of the State fetls the force of action, and a spirit of ambition is permeBtir g every corner. D u e importance is attached to fertilizing the ground and securing facilities for disposing of the produce after itisraised; andthe strides thatSussexismaking, although not long and rapid, still are sure, and point- ing in the proper direction, and will ere long enable her to take a position which the kindly nature of her eoil rightfully entitles her to.But what is needed is a genuine Yankee spirit with a will. Farmers from the Middle States would be of incalculable service to the country, and, from iho cheapness of land and facility-of cultivation? might be of service to themselves. As to their aver- sion to the institution of the State, that need haveSouth Milford, in this county. Georgetown, in the —The Boston Transcript says that a letter from a so that the stock cannot eat and waste the folder as By mistake hejaave the wrong package to his children interior, and the shire town, will be reached, by the young Boston lady in Florence, dated the 22d of Feb- they ehoose. What wonder then, that with the aid of and bated the dogs with the gum, lu consoquence ofendofthepresentyear. Theroadwillbeextenledruary,reportshavingseentheRev.Mr.Nute,whohad asoilofgreatfertility,andabundanceofnaturalpas- whichthoformerverysoondied. Notlongafterhisto Lewes as soon as practicable, thus affordingture, he should have succeeded?Untitled Document/of prosperity are all about him, but it is the prosperity grazes them through Summer, and until December^ of one whose struggle has beenwith the rough circum- when he commences to feed. This he formerly did mathe hoaee to direct us where to put the horses, and re-With the opening of these roads, have been opened companions wore his full beard, and had adopted the field. The allowance per head, when stall feeding, iatheseason,wewouldBtarvethelawyersandwhipthedoctors. When it comes rainy, bad weather, so-'you Our ticket, as elected here is Alfred Conkling, J. M.matter, and even spuds out his cockle-burs and dock- store to get some poison for the purpose of oxterminat- weeds inthe pasture lots. His fences he makes high and ing a part of the canine community, and while therestrong, his barns tight, and his stacks are fenced about purchased some chewing gum for "his children. H o put both packages in his pocket, aud returned homo.i 'r |ruary he would begin to feed so that the cattle wouldsteer; but the trouble with them is that a large lot. • V 7 www.fultonhistory.com 