 4-I\a sB o**S ! S 1 ^ ^ a n ? * i n < J D V » for the Royal progress bo $100. gold coins which the Japanese use, are pro- and ihojk that many years of irreproachable excel- posing to initiate them into the superior conveni- lencfi inwBlW•>. i/'••America, Italian opera would never become the vehicle of aught but the .mere pleasure of the, sounds of the music per se, and the picture of a graceful pose ofing order to do it. . Self-protection and self-develop- ment must be its motto.^ydemonstration by building a great shanty of boards on an open lot, then setting it on fire, and when in full blaze calling up the engines to raise steam and show them how quickly it can be squirted out. Such a display will probably procure orders for three or four squirts,. provided the Japanese forget that they have no water works to supply them whenand; play before a pit-full of Kings^Pun parenthese, considerable excitement has been•Wd in fashionable eirqles by the official an- ment of the Lord Chamberlain that a certain uncan Stewart was presented by \u inadvert- o the Queen. This is a graceful mode of con-TMTOROJTTO, May 15,186*."of a c:rtain word." A confidence woman hasconservatory by the same sensual hand, not to mention numerous ravages in more lovely parterres. His first wife he eloped with from her husband, Major John- stone of the 67th Regiment of the line; his next vic- tim was Lady Leeson, the wife of Sir William Leeson,Chamberlain of Dublin Castle, who died shortly; after; herguilty flight, on board oi' hisyackt oil'the coast of Scotland; and the third', his present Wife, who is a daughter of oneofthe oldest houses inv••England, he also canied ofF in his yacht during the lifeof The Time* and its controlling influences, created who*c long and eamcet appeal to the Assembly w SIMW (NSFW**:fift?Vsarytopresentanaddress• «/-.. ..r.'hrtd'1)• 'v 'RK DAILYI,1 •.•• •• 'mh-•: H'-mti .'• t. /if . . .'''•'••••:v::i-:i'CAN/DA.Dictionaryfromamultitudeof•confidingwho loaned him copies " j u s t for fifteento settle a dispute about the spellingCardigan,who;befdrehermarriage,was consideredThe Government las resolved upon.tiM*aWHtion 88ictihiijielwho w* iiS: anxious to sell, and who loaned them fortreal er Quebec, OT both; but the extent of this ben- chould fare better* efit will depend upon the extent to which the West-817 and 1818 the Board was enlarged and pcrfe«tedv three yfeaisago it was down to 90. Camden and barity from the other side. It appears that during the day after day, every leading man on whom, in turn, and provision made for its efficiency in its new and re-.-iern trade is diverted to the S t Lawrence route. The Finance Minister admits that, hitherto, we have Soiled to draw the trade down the S t Law-debate on the Reform*bill a member rose and called forj*pon«ible form. ' ."This Board hw been in existence ever since, having.' ft —• <* .NEttf-l:i m<mOneorone of tbe loveliest; flowers in the garden; of ;ariste-^•tffirrt*,.^.w:, -. . ';;; taft-and economy, ai< "virtuesace*pire>u History «onfirn*..i one more great oi, and when they ?a *'1' lobk for safety f n I then,isthepo«ir< <j, -cupy places of rR>' r'-lees, bnmamty h&4 1 '"Cfcor of hope.];; At tho close of -fit plication, the pas i^notmced that a ms \ ijthat he had I ^'children, -but h^whom ho was try posed tojaid nrm the congregation man stood mlthe»..f .tokensofsympat]ipitor. If, however, it is determinedsome sensation."Now," writes Mr. Horsman, "you must excusecharacterized by tbe fire and positivenees of a mantgr'g eloquence, yet. with the courtesy and propriety of a Christian gentleman. He bad not finished! wheQ tfolef tolls on the St.Lawrencecanals,in'*!c** S f i S S tomyhi»pro.ve",V$»t »«W«P«? afewclayjthatjtheymightbe tried. Sheputthe rw mvmmb who woiv1•where the vessels discharge at a Canadian portAmerican vessels passing down the WeDand Canaland not going to a Canadian port will not be freefrom tolls. All «*ch vessels will ha*e to pay thetolls, in the first instance; and if ihey afterwardgo to a Canadian port, 90 per cent of the amountwili1>e paid back, 10 per cen* being retained toj a y the cost of coHection. Of all the vessels thatThem's my sonti-a few <1 a;nota"leadingman'oneitherfrontbenchthatThe. Timet, guided with Buch wonderful ability, and wielding Buch a terrific powerj has not by turns lauded and calumni- ated, flattered and villified. By turns, it has vehemently esjpoueed and"bitterly vituperated.every party, and adt vocated and abandoned every principle. And there is thispainfulanddistinctivepeculiarityaboutThe Times —other journals are content with opposing the policy or censuring the acts of the Minister, but The •Times' always tries to crush the man. For some years, itESSSSSSS****^ • " th<-mints " and take himself out of the way.i & e subject further, we may be well as-.machine's and herself in motion for the West, andmowow.In the evening a very able and interesting sermoa was preached to a full bouwe by a member of the A8eembly7 while out of doors, a crowd a few rods off were rejoicing in the Republican nomination, the news ofwhichkadjustarrivedfromChicago.THIRD DAY.'.'9/;?f ^ ^ ^ f t ^ J8A nice Webster teacher 3,"minutei:ityandcharacteroftheBritishPress,Mr;Horsmanwhole doctrine of expediency is oppose^ to Frineinfe andoughtatoncetobeabandoned. ^ v^*• a his is tbe South-side • view of tho subject, its xtokmimwX of this, that if we strive after the attainment, of. as havp |urne.d .up, a* tiie pawnbroker's!: Three E i f l S , we shall fall ridiculouely short of our forged cfclbcks have just been discovered rat the Sm • we shall inevitably meet with the fate of the frog Mechniw tk1 Bank, where they Were all paid—two whotriedBOhardtorivalhisbovinefriend. Wemay signedMhv, Westcott&Co.,for$1,700,,andone Vc able to present an appearance exceedingly pleasing Koons|<St Co., for $1,200—but the forgers aretoa-',;v^in our own eyes, but a moment's consideration will.*V ^.Jffc.V^*.victihiiiejl jthe ownersof numerous sewing-machines,; *. •my taking the liberty of reminding yea that there is hour' of adjournment arrived, and will close to-.that is hi last-of them, except of such of the former: show that beyond those things in which we peculiarly known A curious superstition for detecting some time of MB late wife, Tlie poor girl seems to cling to•i .-'•.,* —Charles. Jo a ^onteni with hai pidity,bedesirfxThe dullness of the House ef Commons, which had more we aid them toward that end, the better will they Germ a i uperstition that a looking glass thus buried seemed to have surrendered itself implicitly to the<3bargo of vagras i « r y quality of tl ^od his prisoner. I there finding a |of $1,000 on a Neither the prent referencefi the stlect.ofDogberr)-, to a fihjby lock- !p hours,withoutto send for the genjtl It was only b.Vc-of tho victim'MJ Legal proceedinifl ' ' 1 JTphnson, the orina The Chicago 7\h I-ri V-Prin<edeJ|oi inthiscountryJBI Bey. EleaaerVj'3 to Williams tpajci; :'*f false,Y.''' :'::P-'4'; —Thomas M lain and WilHaia Orionj have r a United, States Cu—John Wbiw, tol death by . fa] ' oently announce) teriatics. An aiutmoet gdnifox.eroute over every other; and the step about to be be pleased; the better will our interests be served. when taken up, the features of the thief. *aken must have that tendency, fiSMg^i* There is one point to which particular attennon will sh IVimastership of the Chancellor of the Exchequer,: has » a question howfar it «g TMcceedfaxdr^rtmg to* should be paid. It is exceedingly to be desired that Butin||b<f> many cases our detectives cannot do much been lately enlivened by a few exciting ecenCB. TheCommons over this feature of Mr. Gladstone's' true that sometimes its demonstrations degenerate"budget; but he Was entirely mistaken in supposingflat he was.merely expressing the feeling of Cana- into:caricature, but even then there is a raciness come ;?dians on the subject. Nobody here counted on the pcrmaneaey of these exceptional duties; and if the imperial Government could have given a year's notice of their intention; all would have been rteht. It is that want of notice only that is complained of.FROM PHILADELPHIA.»•* MimMAffW^-fylY^ihg man is now in durance for borrowing beau idea of:a light dragoon. The present Lady 1 fiderable length, in whieh he &Beussed tbo respoBribfl- Ihe work of evangelizing tie world; and that * AROCHESTER, IK Y., May19, I860. ' The subject now under discussion in regard to tho Board of Missions will be better understood by yo«yreaders when it is mentioned that, as far back as 1809 theAssembly,'-"resolredthataCommitteebeehoseo " annually, to be denominated 'The Standing Commit-" 'tee on Miesions'—four clergymen and threelay- " laymen." To them was intnibted a general super* vision of Missionary affairs, and they ssed to reportand recommend from time to time such actio* ae the interests of the Church might seem to require. Tho Rev. Dr.j Green, the Rev. Messrs. Philip Milledolar,The produce that goes down the S t Lawrence selves airs, amusing to those who know who per ccr In the latter, any amount of money can gallant play by the English press, surpassed in savage our political condition are very, serious. Governments Bowdinpt, Robert Smithy and Ebcnezer Hazard, wero Canals i*ehiefly Upper Canadian. The abohfaon of they are " when they are |at home/' but disgust- be had 6 per cent. All reliable stocks are con- boisterousuess anything Washington has yet seen, and and parties have been lately in a state of -weakness its original members. In 1816., this Comrltoee was , tolls will lead to a reduction of freights; and the ing to strangers, who too often take them as types of in demand. City loans stand at 103 to was certainly one of those coarse jokes' whicn, if per- and disorganization alike deplorable and dangerous; changed into a Board, "with fall powers to transact -the whole people. How great is the injustice which scquen but all this is enormously aggravated when all tlfe vast f* all ouriness of the iili»,aionary cause," only being r*- frrroerwiHreceivethemoreforhisproduce. Lower bythesemeanshasbeendonetheUnitedStates! 106,ailfdgoingup. MorrisCanalPreferredhas petratedbyanyLegislatureinthiscountry,would machineryofTlieTimesanditsgiganticwritingpowerCanada may benefit by an increase of trade at Mon- And unless we take care, there is no reason why we never liei^re reached its present figure of 113£; have provoked a whole series of essays on our bar- are directed to one end—that of pursuing to the death, ?aired to report annually to tbe General Aseembly. Iaexcel, we shall find it an exceedingly difficult task to other Jff was • ventilated last week. Three men her brazen, defiant-looking lord for protection, and seemed its special vocation to hunt down, ruin, aud de- tad these are the only AtnetSean^^wJ**1 richesofEuropeancities. Indeed,itisfarfrombeing ra.cddl thestreet.. Theyfled,asthepoliceap- ofsettledsorrow,which,toasensitivenature,the deemedvitaltothenation. LordJohnRu«eellwas«se cur canals, only about one-ninth are Americanvessels, passing from American to Canadian pons; show anything attractive to men familiar with the were d - Jctcd digging a hole at midnight in the shrinks from the gaze of the passers-by with that look stroy Lord. Palmcrston, whose official..'life- is nowexpected of us. Our visitors will come here with, the proachj when the latter sounded the hole, and, vriSlDe entitled to pass free *f tolls. TM » b J « 2 " ' intention of gaining from actual observations some found jmall looking glass, covered by-a board, *f course, to give a ^ m i u a i to the S t Lawrence knowledge of the real condition of Canada; and the with si n 13 unreadable German writing, it being aonce the idol to be worshiped, but more recently he would have been driven altogether from public life if the acrimony of Tte Times could have accomplished it. So, again, Lord Derby's first Administration was supported by The. Times; but, in his second one,in tb'e personal persecution of every leading member, it furnished only another instance of consistency and con-Western trade to the St. Lawrence. The chief persons whose only qualification is impudence should better. first cause of enlivenment was not by any means a sideration, and thus with every public man that» ca-henJfit will be to jTpp^ Canada produce or, be kept in the backgroKhd. These people—and there Tn< i an unwholesome abundance of money in pleasant one to sundry of the older members of the rather, this is the inwt certam benefit likely to re- are many in Canada—make their appearance on public the ba and oh the street. "The former are taking House, and (which, though passed over as a piece of sult from the move. T -««*»-* occasions, push themselves forward, and take to them- all thd, od eight months paper they can get at (5Ambojfii up to 132. Railroad securities are evi-dently Igtiiu accmiringthe public confidence. This , a count, there not being over forty members in the feeling lit strengthened by the belief that the Tariffbill will :ecorae a law, in which event a marked House. By tbe rules of the House of- Commons,the nation (as The Times comjes round to show) mustrely; and doing this to an extent that their public actsdon't justify. The result islthat all our best public been renewed from time to time by appointments, at men become/ pot only politically weakened, but per- the discretion of .the Assembly. 7/ xence; and upon this fact he bases the necessity, for POLITICAL SYMBOLS—THE NOMINATIONS—DOING improv|ntent must be realized in all of those in this when 'there are not forty members in the House, any Bonallv discWdited. Public principles are unsettled It i» againrt the existence of this Board that Da. the change. Some local canals, such as at Barling- THE JAP ANESE—NEW SWK5DLE6—TOO MUCH latitude. ', There are large sums to invest on mortgage. member has a right to call a count, and if on reckoning and'discredited also, respect for> Parliamentary Smith of Virginia, and Dr. Thomwell of South Caro-ton Bay, S t Ours, and S t Anne, will be excluded fromthenewarrangement;thoughtheBurlington Canal may possibly be handed over to the munici- pality of Hamilton. The tolls en the Ottawa Canalwill be swept away in the interest of the lumber trade, which has received a temporary blow by the abolition "ofthe" differential duties in favor of Cana- dian timber. Judge Halliburton, vou will haveMONEY. FrexaOur0"wnCorrespondent.The al(ut lance of capital is such that thelately- forty are not' found, the House adjourns, and the government and political institutions ia much shaken, lina, contend, and in denunciation of which they havoenactefl3ireeBankinglawisadeadtetter. Noin-measure,atwhateverstageitmaybe,drops,andif andstrong-governmentbecomcBimpossible.Iavow pouredforth'theirearnestandemphaticeloquence. to you my deliberate and solemn conviction, .founded, jDr. Smith has more staid and massive thought than hi*what the emergency, is always laid bare at the •bserved, got dreadfully indignant in the House of. first outbreak of a Presidential campaign. I t isGOSSIP.constantly killed off in this easy style; but -v. anystitution as been organized under it here, nor else- again introduced, has to go through all the stages it on much'observation and reflection', that the present The vein of broad humor which underlies the where In :he State, as far as I can learn. As bus- had passed when thun extinguished. At times, this is a confusion in our political world is to a great extent American character, cropping out in print er on iness now stands, we have too many banks already. - very convenient mode of getting rid of an obnoxious owing to the manner in which ;evcry leading man and principle and cause have been damaged by the waver- ing invective of The'Times.' AB I wish you to re- ceive this before, you go to the House, I have not timePHILADELPHIA, May 21,1860.coadjutor, and Dr. Thomwell shows the fire ind the hair-splitting abstractionism of tbe extreme South^ both, however, tempered with admirable Christian for- bearance in their demeanor. To-day, Dr. Thomwell finished his argument, which in substance is tjiat tho Church was, in ber very constitution, as laid dowa in |the stump with spontaneous suddenness, no mattermeasure or man. Mr. Spooner and other bores areconsciousness of her false position brings.prowung heav lj mrather roughlyFOREIGNTho i mge of weather so long looked for had moment as the Reform bill, it is a feat .almost impossi-tbe anomalous position.and proceedings of Mr. Lowe without right, and in contravention of bier Scriptoral and point about it that nothing short of free speech The th|rniometer threw a summerset suddenly, of some to keep a House, and if there are not forty inside, they on the Treasury bench. They are the subject of com- charter. All voluntary associations for religious r>ur-and a free press could have developed. A good hit twenty|djegrees, and the country had put on its pleas- invariably maintain outside in Bellamy's or the smok- ments which I will not/now repeat, but which affect pofces, not appointed hy, and immediately lirected; by, |tells tremendously; the slightest mistake is used as ant molrl j-danceand maypole .attire, as properly be- ing-room a strong corps de reserve to bring up in all both the Houee of. Commons and the press. ITyou ai.d amenable to the Church, are, inhis new, Dnpree-. receive my observations in the same frank spirit in byterian and Unecriptural in the extreme.fatally the other way. Log cabins and hard cider comes it at this season.. This.transition had thrown emergencies, as on a count being called, tbe bells'* which I make them, I shall be happy to follow them | He was followed by Dr. Hodge of Princeton, on tho•Government' measure, especially a measure of suchto remark on the personal influences by which The the New Testament,' precluded froioa-^creating or j Times is'' supposed to be affected—on the peculiar influ- authorizing Boards to do -her .work; that to give au- )ences that draw Mr. Peiane.tojLord PalmerBton, and ihority to such a Board was to delegate authority]England a few days before the Adriatic left. ble to accomplish, as it is the duty of the whippers-inhave in their day worked miracles, while a single over evterpthing a brighter and gayer a3pect, aud men which reach to every apartment, are obliged to be up by a further expression of views that may be useful other side, who in a fttw words, well put and earnestly TherewasnoTreasontosupposethatthesedutieshaBtyplateofsoupdestroyedtheappetiteanddi-andwc|it(:n,aswellastheearthofwhichtheyarerungforthreeminuteBbeforethedoorsareclosed.Ontoyou.Fewpublicmenareinaconditiontospeakuttered,*exposedthefallacyofthereasoningofboth '"\'ikirecon^cientihr,would be swept away in any particular year; and made, M l put on a look offreshness. A few weeks of the count being called by some Opposition member on boldly to TILC'Times; They-are few men in Parlia- the preceding speakers. •»o preparations had been made to meet the change. gestion of a whole people. It is strange how spon- ment who, like myself, are so indifferent to party, to He contended that the fundamental and universally- • Everything went on as usual, so far as the produc- taneously theoe political symbols come up in men's sueh wfca Jier, and the corn and other crops will Boon, this occasion, and the bell rung, a number of gentlemen oifie'e, or to their seat', that they are as independent of taught doctrine of Presbyterian ism was, that as in civiltion of timber is concerned. But the consumption minds, and how the public adopt them on sight. catch t|e color of the Great .Power from which they ^forming the reserve division of Mr. Brand, the present The Times id' The Times is of them, and fear it as governments the simple authority from God to maintain : must be affected by the change, and loss—perhaps Kicknames are dear to the American people. draw toor strengthandripeness. Government whipper-in, made a rush for the doors, little as it-fears them. As I am in that position, I have tnem was given in the declaration. " the powers that ruin in some cases—will fullow. In addition to the "Rough and Eeady" needs no glossary, and " Poor Under ;heir.fluencc of.this, bright atmosphere, Rot- where, much to their astonishment, they foUnd their felt it a dury te tell you what may be useful truths, 'fbe are ordained of God," without prescribing tho •''. ' Whenjusticeaaic ••+ fended, hi; p?iJefree and active.andontbceubjccand unebmpron jjmeht he was -fa nin his native Stiumembers of theator, recently rijiOne of the mo«t{for ten years iaI '—On'-Thur^JEa •oriek Staley, r ablowing liis bnii &e loved, but :n pertinaciously n ialaughterj—Not long.*;j;c jsister of {a yot mueller, and tiie .man then ent-inbrother; this nature of Jthe yoment- those who place themselves at the head of it that Chicago has done her duty far better than we ruling etsr and the most popular'of paragons, since the attention. Mr. Gregory, who is at present-member for over each other than the influence of society, that ntil Monday morning. •doubtedly insanerepeal of the canal tolls in the cases specified, the ten-rov, snd the ride,by the Serpentine were throngedproposal of the Government includes the abolition of '*' Pierce" <has loag been part of the vernacular. with crowds of gallant men and lovely women on Jighthouse' dues along our entire lake and river Last week a furniture car paraded our streets con-course of navigation. The canals have never yield- taining a huge bell, ornamented with numerous flags liorsebs ,<jlc, and lines on lines of brilliant equipages, and Hyde ] 'ark was in its full -holiday garb. Among theentrance barred by a strong battalion of young Tory members, headed by Mr.' Thomas Conolly, an Irish member of the riotous school", nearly all of .whom pa- tronized the Parnborough fight, and were favorite pu-and in a plain though not unfriendly spirit; and if they form iu which righteous principles are to be maintained should have the elffect of leading you to consider,what and laws enforced, so, in reference to the Church of •ed more than a fraction of the interest on the cost on the ends of little stieks, while the car bore the fol- most observed of the observers on such occasions ia pils of Nat Langbam's, and frequenters of Owen arisen between us, and which will have been produc- energies'of a church to a "Thus saith the Lord" com-of their construction. After deducting the eost of lowing inscription:ader*in-Chief,"the Duke of Cambridge, Swift's. In the melee which ensued, many admirable tive of good results through a circle beyond ourselves." rjoission for every act, and plan, and principle of proce- May I read tbe poetcript 1 (Mr. Walter assented.) djure, was simply absurd, and would not in the Presby-y sfunters down the walk, leaning on the Reformers had their ribs punched in the most perfect " In saying I should have expressed these views last terian churcb t>e tolerated. He said that in different-of repairs there has been very little leftIn connection with the removal of these burdens from the St. Lawrence navigation, the Government has announced its intention to resume the Lake St Peter works, which consist of deepening the navi-gable channel. There is now eighteen feet of water, and it is intended to obtain two feet more. This work has hitherto been carried on by the Montreal Barber Trust; but there is really no reason forplacing it on a different footing from the other great improvements of the St. Lawrence chain of navi- gation, of which it is a link." lh« BXLL that win toll the tteatli knell of sectionaliiua where EYBKETT goe*." •The point is more palpable than the truth of the thing. Another symbol is looming up at Chicago— 44 the man who can split rails and maul Democrats."Others may be devised at Baltimore, but whether they are to be little giants or great ones, they are. pretty sure to come. ' No party thrives without them.Oould lay asidoj btunate : fair of a young married Scotch girl, who had The Chicago nominations did not take us wholly fallen i: ove with him, and exhibited too open a dis-first assembly of gentlemen in the world. .part mock sarcasm, part mock jest—whieh he alone in the primitive ages of Christianity. We have no'"; can throw >ff, and which, by their graceful tact, draw apostles, no prophets, such as were found necessary E,i%ijijs aide-de-canips, Col. Clifton -euftl the Hon. Vicdonald, the latter ofj whom, known as aae Jemmy," though his/beard and mustachepugiliBtic Btyle, others loat their wigs, and one old gen- tleman of wealthy stomachicproportions, was removed from between the door panels, squelched andeuffo-night, I mean; of course, the general views on, the ageB of the world, and under, different forms of society, . presB, without personal allusionB to yourself or and with different degrees of knowledge among the.people, it was necessary to modify measures and forms of Government to meet the necessities of the case. There can be no such church now^ in respect to itsII •Lie* • -\- —Almira Lp' Rochefcter, of x '^U, and was. ortiieu. And now, when we go to the heathen with theby surprise. W e were prepared to look for Mr. play of iiir affection on the celebrated morning that In the number of criticisms which have recently ap- always from tbe House a buzz of delighted pride and diospel, and converts are multiplied, they must be !Lincoln's success, aud are axultant at his nomiaa- the G tds left for the Crimea, having some year peared on American institutions in speeches in the admiration." Nothing could be more adroit than his treated as babes, not as strong men. Their teachersi:tion. This whole community breathes a great deal since .1 may be remembered, been ventilated in a House of Commons and outside, may be seen tke natural indirect censure of Mr. Horeman, in'-stating that al- must lead, instruct, and govern them, until they, are tand Deacons, and Presbyters at once.freer—a weight, an apprehension, a positive dread, ' -fj suit before the courts of law, has excluded spawn of the shoals of tourists who have been thrown though he had been far more bitterly attacked in able to go alone. They cannot be made into Elders^The debate on disunion, which recently occupiedfive days in the Legislative Assembly, goes for verylittle in the country. Only two Lower Canadiansvoted for disunion, and one other stated afterwardthat he would have made it three if he had beenpresent. A, bare majority of Upper Canada mem-bers' who were present voted for disunion; but it is and Senator Bigler thrown out. The selection of where h|ib dashing figure always looms up of an after- Lords has been followed by one from Mr. Gregory in Delane, and through Jrim of tbe press, by mixing him •^vhich may be committed to their care. notcertainthatthiswouldhaveb*nthecaseifallhad Mr.Hamlinwasunexpected,butwegoinforit noonintiecenterofacrowdofaristocraticaspirants theHouseofCommons,ifpossible,ofmorebitter upwithLordDerbyandMr.Disraeli,whoalsovitited IWhenDr.H.concluded,Dr.KrebbsofNew-York r mittedsuicideb; been present There is nothing serious in this move- with a hearty good will. The feeling is universal to the lead of fashion, *' Handsome Jemmv" is still the hostility, but wbi«h from its ability has excited more bis housej and who acknowledged no other influence ot tbe lioor, but gave way for a motion to adjomm.would be the strongest unionists if they had office to- morrow. It happens by an accident, which never occurred before since the union was formed, that, at this moment, there is a majority of Upper Canada representatives who are opposed to the Govern- 2ttMnt. This exceptional state of things they per-they would have a chance of obtaining office. And to place this chance within their reach they pro- pose a dissolution of the Union, to be followed by theformationof"twoormoreGovernments"forthe Province. The motives of the actors are per- fectly undeTRtood; and their eloquence produces small effect in the constituencies—none in Lower Canada. What may be called the national party— t h e party that believes British America to be march- ing toward an independent nationality—advocates a federal union of all the Provinces. The project l a s much to recommend it; but it is not one that coold be carried into effect without much prelimi-nary arrangement involving considerable delay.I t was in consequence of the refusal of Canada to undertake the administration of the Ked River, that t h e Imperial Government resolved to erect the set- tlement into a separate crown colony. And from all we ean learn,this course will be the most popular at Red River. Some of the settlers are in favor ofannexation to Canada, buttheir number hasde-. creased sinee the question came to be discussed. Quebec or Ottawa is held to be too distant a point from which to govern a colony which has planted it- . self on the banks of the Red River of the North. In Jact,the colonists are inclined to go in for a little home manufacture, in the way of government They will r»ot object to have their constitution made by theexpected. Guns are firing all over the State, flagsare raised, a general congratulation prevails, and fall ofj D^Oreay, who was alhoiLpariah at the Palace,tbe County of Galway, has hardly equaled in the fruit which Mr. Delano only acknowledged, and in whosoIt may be proper here to say that this is-only the be* *nning of a contest b«tween •xtremo-Southern, views, i hich would restrict the Church in her actions to aimple ecclesiasticism, by which is strictly forbidden all,—A young lii inaayinovjcls a: 6 *local jpapersfi)gcntlemai;, wide She procured a g and pulled tbe M brains, and iciiiin—Abonteigtv;: ^ergymen,- tb'^n w a s married. E liveinSpringtifb mehtforapeno pla^, -the husbiul children, a met band's church: eee her Maasacju . ., from respecta.il to visit th«m. ! fled toward.C:a taken| rnJ';4loi* them there vii them; consequjj—Sberrnan ^1 imprisoned M Slave law,- tho c cell, went oujj i leisurely.walkahia jail and exc suining his ok—The H»n. nearly 2,000 v the, foundation rgfCreneo, jto jb* library, and—Tho Prmde He is the tbrrd Keuilly ¥ w ^ Francow-FercxAt an early a.-e ticularly distiujJean.d'UHoa. tion commii^iot the remains.of 1 Belle Poule. I In 1S48, with \l refuge in Enciai Prince de joinv While his fath«ji took a tour flue in New-Yor^ w authorities and 0—OnSatuida a planter rwid'a his son, athe young manf father was.am ! —Thomas B iu8t)bourne, B)after a jury , eja alaughter for I peUred that xh irom 9J. to 11 night he dieiiWe are; \ P-TRIBCWS; of Miway Uncle among many in his accountHenry Hill. Pi out to anoth.a-~~JEmaauel ] it was said, w* leftti>himby day laornin—It issmd fectoi •botweeH HokeuBollvr;*.Imperial Parliament; but they will claim to govern gimcrack8. Now'our, city is full of just such me-profession which has given him hb present pleasant- &oon explained. They were brothers, who had beenness and peace, the report that his daughter was about {separated many years before, and fallen into arnuea toupjfcear on the stage. Whenever did actor speak pelonging to different nations,, and hence met now aswoes, but as their hands Avere raised to plunge theateel, well of his calling or of those who followed it ? Jeyc met eye, and they recognized such other., We are A man of more importance at this moment, Tom lull brethren. A timely recognition will prevent allthemselves under it, while if they were annexed to Canada they would scarely have any voice in the legislature, under whose control they would be placed. If allowed to elect their own legislators• and carry on their legislation at their own doors, they would be satisfied.Some time ago complaints were heard from sev- eral quarters that the Winter wheat had been ex- tensively frost-killed; but since the late rains have given dormant vegetation a new start, it is found that the evil was much less extensive than had been «upposed. On the whole, the prospect of the* com- ing harvest may be pronounced nearly as good as itcould be at this season of the year.THE PRINCE'S RECEPTION.FriH Th» Toronto Glob*.chanical contrivances as will attract the Japanese curiosity. Our grfeat manufacturing concerns are making preparations to show up their shops, their factories, and their products, in the most captivat-ing style. I t is confidently believed the strangerswill want to buy railroad wheels, chandeliers, gasSayers, ha? also addressed a letter to The Times, thank- ing with" bated servile breath the British public andcontention. - y ! At the call of tbe roll it was announced that Benja-<NU of according to the Heir Apparent a reception such been made, and it is ascertained—on paper—that itsinn, Aj Mrs. McDowell, wife of the Colonel of thePleasure. Both of these result* will undoubtedly ensue, richness. Others, hearing olf those inconvenientbut had subsequently been legally wedded,1 IV^^nvL* *J?" *t i l eannoyanceswhich theA discussion of considerable interest has also taken ences and safety of our paper currency, and the talk irivate life had atoned for this early error; place in the House of Commons touching the responsi- now is that the Yankee who g<|ts up the first bank but ho Btern morality of Queen Victoria's Court- bility of proprietors of newspapers for articles which in Japan, will be sure to make a good strike, pro- Bten er;ived than that of the good Queen Charlotte— appear in the journals with which they are connected.fceimagiaed. In England it is not considered neces-that, without a "thus suith the Lord," no church, ffoverument of the world* shall come into the poeee*» black-mail in the name of the District-Attorney. hwlitN, vigorous figure and dawhing air, i« still the ing in the columns of The Times. In a reply of «on- no minister, no association, can act righteously in doing Son of tbo Saints, Christianity inculcates, industry,-. —•.-•1•^ • V » n » , ;—SEC*irieraat-xsa-xsUntitled Document•1Iis removed—our spirit nas become elastic, and wecum. con on our shores during the past two Summers. All these The Times, he had never thought it wise to bring feel it in our bones that this State will give him a him from the Pakce, where^, nothing with such 'aT The New Testament prescribes no Presbyterian form thundering majority. His nomination insures, more- stain is||jirmitted to pass by the prim and precise Al- criticisms, without exception almost, are unfavorable it before the House, but left time to read its lesson and <>f government for them, nor does it restrict us in our -over, the election of Curtinfor Governor and a clean bert, ajnjii thus placed him in an equivocal position. to the character of the people and institutions of this produce the pleasant result which had now come about, work to such ecclesiastical action as shall prevent tho •sweep for Congress, with the Legislature thrown in But at (tin Clubs, and at the bow window of White's, country. Tbe tirade of Lord Grey in the House of or more delicioufily delicate than his flattery of Mr. use of Boards, fully organized and authorised to finish , any work connected with the spread of the GospelInd<j ed. it is stated that the Queen and Prince are by was spontaneously held as soon as the news, no means satisfied with, the present little arrangementsof his maturer years, the promise of the blossom of hieyouth. The grandson of the Right Honorable Wm.conflicts of agreeability and wit he ha/ v.o superior.. Piccolomini is married, mid took her farewell benefit| at our .headquarters here a glorious meetingenme. On Saturday night all Philadelphia will as- of thtjx cousin, the •Commander-in-Chief, however Gregory, who, for many years, as Under Secretary, di- some nights before the Adriatic left. Considering iseutsion of topics not formally included in a churchsemble on that noble pavement in front of Indepen- pleasa it t acy may be to him. It is known that, like rected the government of Ireland, he obtained at an that from the night when she first appeared in reed, and a more expansive Northern view by which- ,he Presbyterian Church, as of old, ia regarded as hav-dence Hall to ratify this most auspicious nomina- > his u ICIC, the late King "William IV., wh'o lived early age the Peel medal at Harrow, and"was BOhigh- Traviata and Lord Ward leaned from the omnibus-box rig the right to discuss, to commend, or to rebuke any-;jniade themselves to have this much of permanencyin i t that their party must always be able to commanda majority in Upper Cuaada. They therefore arguethatifUpPerCanadawereseparatefromLower, thatgreatman,theyhavenowchangedtoasym- the3>ikehasnow,forsometwelveyears,livedwithtiori. The Democratic sympathy for Mr. Seward is loud and general. From the grossest defamation ofly distinguished in the lists at Oxford as to be selected, almost before tbe close of bis University career, and when he had but a few months attained the eligibleto present her with a white camelia, her career has bing and everything, within or without her pale, ae^-lordittg to its cliaracter, as she may judge it to have, a beenthe.unfadingsuccess)ofwhichthatofferingwas bearinguponthewelfareofherconnectionoroftho:for so many years with the fascinating Mrs. Jordan, pathy in keeping with their natural fondness for im- anoth* r »stress, Miss Fairbrother, celebrated under thean emblem, her benefit' night was not the sensation wellbeing of the community at large..posture. According to them he is the worst-used Vettiiis regime at the Lyceum Theater for the magnifi- age of tw mty-one, to contest the metropolis of Ireland expected. It was not unlike that here of her lovely » . «man that ever lived. The press of the whole Peo- cence >fler locomotives, by whom he has had five with Lor 1 Morpeth, upon the Tory side. In that little sister songstress, Patti, who, in many of her gifts 3ENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE PRESBY- :pe'spartysustainsthenominations,andourcol- childr*n,andtowhomheiadevotedlyattached.The memorabliconte8t,hedefeatedhispopularopponent,and offascination,stronglyresemblesher. MostoftheTERIANCHURCH,N.S.CorrcBptnclencc of The N. Y. Tribnac.PITTSBURGH, May 18,1800. *•1 The most delicate subject'which will be brought be-umns have already become compacted for the great charge which is to overthrow this Sham Democracy. Meantime the cause of Bell and Everett makes no perceptible headway. The Democratic journals alone advocate it. The' big bell rings through the streets occasionally, but instead of giving out. re- joicing echoes, it sounds as if tolling for somebody.Those gentlemen were nominated for the avowed purpose of coercing Chicago info ppshing Mr. Seward from the track. That object Shas been accom- plished, not, however, by their coercion,' but by the redeeming wisdom which rwedin the Convention. The belief is strong here that these respectableconne< tie: i has been regarded for some time withill- entered the House of Commons under all tbe auspices habitues were present, but' Mons. le Publique, as Tal- concei led displeasure by the Court, not only as a great calculated to insure success. A passion for the turf, leyrand called the great world at large, was not presentnominees of ancient Whig renown will HOW honor- able met lbers of royal houses, were paraded for the ably retire from the field, thus covering themselveswith even higher honors than any they have yet won. licjn of the omiii-nmirying house of Qoburg, thatlike Messrs. Opdyke and Havemeyer, a circumstancewhich appears to have filled him with the most gloomyforeboding astotbefutUreofthiscountry. From1847; io 1856 he continued oufof Parliament, but was gives tbe key to the sense, it is a sense which smothers bas appeared, and party spirit prevailed, but he trustedWhen theJapaneselionscometothiscity,they are to be shown our own local monsters, with some others to be especially created for the occasion. Our manufacturers are having an eye to those chests of silver which the aforesaid lions brought with them to pay expenses; for, as it is now known that Congress foots the bill, the presumption is that the silver will be left here in payment for Americanct'ipnwasmadefortheDukebyhiscousinAlbert, ibits a wonderful genius for such wedding- djiplomacy-. Although tho Duke has hitherto stoutly any interference with his preseu arrangements, the good of the house and theoblifeatibns to duty and decorum, as in his uncle's case, wil!'doubtless eventually prevail, and a small sum of ten thcusandayear be called fojr one of these days frorial lelighted people and loyal| Commons, for the maintenance of the Princess of Saxe. somewhere or oth r, [who is about to ally herself to the Commander- in-( hi«f. Even as it is, the cupidity of the Coburgs has overrun the sovereignties of Europe' at such a rate, that inPrince Albert were but to gather all his relativesfamiliarBcenesofthestage?jIfthelibrettoBomotimes ofharmonyandbrotherlyaffection. SometimesstrhVfixtures, city railroad cars, and steam fire engines.The latter being so good a thing for the woolden arOtntw him at WindsSr Castle, he could repeat totowns of Japan, it is proposed to give them ocular Charles Kean the old Napoleonic invitation,, to comethat grest organ'itself for its "patronage," which, min R. Tutlle, an elder of the Presbytery of Erie,' had. S" jade preparations to attend the'Assembly, and just asstanda in unfavorable contrast with the manly tone as- e was about to start, was taken sick ana died instan*- sumed by Heeuan, or probably his guide and amanuen- jly—an admonition to be always ready. The Moderatorsis, Mr. Wilkes. It is rumored that the parties are to petired the Aseembly to omit the appendage of D. D. to bis name, which he did not recognize as his. TheproceedK when Sayers recovers hi? arm, to some lonely permanent Committee' on iChurch Extension made abog in Ireland, and there light out the conflict to the very encouraging report, snowing a greatly increased death. But we fancy the bog is not yet born which" interest in reierence to this cause. In 1857 the receipt* will eee that fight. IJetjnan must look, like Alexan- were less than $3,000, in 1858 over $6,000. iu 1859 overthey get them home." Then our street railroads are ence the said Mrs. Duncan Stewart to perpetual expected to electrify them as powerfully as does sign, aj ent from good society, doubtless for some early$y,0OO, and in 1860 over $14,000. They mow aid 40" jmiesionaries occupying important positions, and have been able thus far to sustain them, with a balance of §1,200 in the treasury. These collections have come,PRESBY- from all parts of the Church, New-York aud Philadel- S ' phia taking the lead, but not in proportion to theiriability. , The Churches seem to desire to eater on this work more earnestly. .A letter from the "Hon. Wm. Pennington, Speaker of the House of Representatives, was( read, asking per- mission to resign his place on the Church-ExtensionThe Assembly met this morning at 9 o'clock,-and Committee, as his duties at Washington would prevent. presented its usual modest, grave, and intelligent-ap-j his meeting with the Committee.pearance; itB members probably amounting to 250. An exceedingly interesting reporcof the Permanent. But I must say, that coripared with the New School Committee on Foreign Missions was read by Dr. Porrto-day, it can have no advantage, either in talent, in of Newark, from which it appears that the Presby- terian Church is disposed to take a deeper interest inI t is no use mincing matters, no use shirking the•fceetkin; the difficulty has to be met and overcome, or derstandable. Indeed, some of our schemers have dete:t<:L And all the Duncan Stewarts, of whom of European wrongi It is only in the country disbaniiithe telegraph, seeing that they are so perfectly un- pecOtdillo which the keen vigilance of the Court has-GENERAL!ASSEMBLYTERIAN CHURCH, O. S.we shall get into a scrape from which it will be im- already projected a railroad through the main street Scot a id alone can turn out a host in every quarter of tricts1 Of New-England that Republicanism has yet possible to extricate ourselves. "We are perfectly sure of Yeddo, which must need at least 100 ears—all to the < Ween's dominions, are writing to T,h* Time* de- found a fair trial, and by its fruits there can it only be. SECOND DAY. CorroB|>ond«-neo of The N. Y. Tribune.that we speak the sentiments of all the sensible people be built here—and subsidies will be suggested to the nial*, on the partpf indignant spouses,/of their being of Canada when we say [that they look forward to the best fellow in the Embassy to take hold of this big the j artacnlar lady, doomed, and everybody is asking vtfritcf his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales with log and help roll it along. Think of a road in a city ever jrbody who Mrs. Dancan Stewart is. Two years some degree of apprehension. While sincerely deair- of 3,000,000 of inhabitants! The calculation hasfairly judged. Mr. ^Gregory, who visited this country)abt Summer with tbe present Lord Oranmore, saw Jittle of New-England, bib vieits and researches being chiefly confined to Baltimore and New-York. Mr. Danby Seymour, who visited America the year'1 - ',. ROCHESTER, May 18,1860.2d I ife Guards, was made the subject of a simihir no-people, they do not, desire that we ahouhigo crazy oly. W e built the great Kussian railroads, on the tice jif j inadvertence-." For some.few years of early previous, in company with Lord Richard Grosvenor,as is befitting his rank and our position as a loyal will pay even better than your own gridiron monop-with our jubilations, nor that we shouldTmake his Journey thorough Canada a punishment instead of aprofits of which some of our citizens are now love: Bh^ had forgotten to obtain the usual marriage Lord Richard Cavendish and Mr. Ashley, took part inmillionaires, and Japan is a placer of even greatercert! icthe came debate, but expressed views very dissimilar to those of tlie member for Galway. '"•••.. \ 'devotion to.Presbyterian interests, or in zeal for whatit regards as fundamental jtruth. acquaintance with their missionaries, and ascertainingThe usual Committees to prepare business for the the exact amount which as a Church they are contrib- Assembly wore appoint^ and the general routine uting.. Six missionaries have been sent out the past work wiiB begun. But 'before the oloBe of tho day, a year, making fifty-six now in the foreign field connect-.movement was made in connection with,the report of ed with this body, and laboring under tho direction orgers, the probably is that the chests of silver im-brain* for fitting terms in which to prodaim t f f i W mortalized by the reporters, Will evaporate their erro; & o ] Mr. Wilkew api>ear to httve been raked up, ft r two years after the passingof the bill would greatlyaky. T^eu we^haye the u m v e r s i i X ^ S e S - contents long before their, owners have gone the and le i jid his companion tmveler, the 'gallant Doctor, facilitate HB passage, and a Bimilar suggestion having«*eties. the mechanics' institutes the St. Georfi£&*br rounds of their tour. I hope the said evaporation who a n residing at Morley's Hotel, are regarded, appeared in a leading article in The Times on the sameAmong the new publications are: - Tho Eclectic Tunepieeeift« andal, but also, in consequence of the future unplesflsai t feelings to be a wakened among she public,Ifoweyer, on which he has expended a large 'fortune, She appeared of course in the role, in which she won. 3*..•**•. v d r.'-J Msms• ¥ ! ; & •... it*'>. ..,/' " '-'• •••read ti letter addressed to Mr. Waiter defining hiscratie English beauty, is the third plucked from that position', an extract"from- which, presenting a picture. advocate being Dr. Thomwell of South CaroW -priciously—and personally, as distinct from politically—assailed, it is not criticism but extermination that is. J. B. Levin, Jacob' J. Janselvay, Messrs. Elia» aimed at. The practical consequences of all this onI have said, and if you will permit your judgment to be influenced by it, I shall not regret the difference—I trust in that case only Of a temporary nature—that hasChrist, general.principles were laid down by which, in; the organization and workings of a church, Christiana ajre to oe governed, and that any attempt to tie up thoothers."Lord Palmerston replied to Mr. Horsman in one off as Solon .Robinson's, still holds the belt of catedin tbe strife. For a timej the Speaker was quiteleauty against all rival champions. An unfor- as helpless as Pennington. All this came off in the those playful, happy-apeaches—part mock earnestness, forms and methods of operation, as that which existedmost eminent abilities and some character, alienated her camelia, and looked like a pert little angel, if there jfore this meeting of the General Assembly is tbe rela-tion of the Presbyterian Church to the Home Mission- tli Jfruit of such illegitimate joys, as in the case his time and taste from those more elevated pursuits in be any angels of that breed. The idea of associating ary Society. This will come up next week.. ThePf tzclarencee, come to be pensioned from the which he might have attained the highest distinction. iniquity with her much-censured part in this much- opening germon indicated the policy which the As- purse. In view of these considerations, it is In 1847, chieily from negligence, he found himself de-' censured production, is' infinitely absurd. The fact is, jienibly will be likely to pursue, viz.: This Church hasat! when Prince Albert some time since visitedi|; r, and, as is usual at such meetings, the future-mjtialized map of Europe was unfolded, and allthe ni'arr ageable, or ever, by any possibility, to bemarried ofunts, widows, widowers, and other dispos-feated for the Irish Capital by Mr. John Reynolds, an if acclimated for a thousand years in England or .a'work of its own to do. and it must put itself in work-Irish demagogue of coarse ability, but most damagedreputation, in a contest which might have taught himthat there are other places beeide New-York in whicha man like Fernando Wood bae been preferred to one Prezzolini's, or striking attitude of Grisi. As to moral, half Lour in • devotfonal exercises, during which thev 1' venerable Dr. Wiener said that tkis was probably the" it iB never dreamed of. Whoever thinks of the mean- net meeting of the Assembly that he would beableto ing or knows the meaning of the words of the most ittcnd, and that he earnestly desired to see here a spiritreturned that year for his native county of Galway. Since hia reentrauce to the House, he has not made any speech of mark until that just delivered on the political working of the Republican form of Government. The speech, or rather essay, for it partakes more of the character of an eseay in tbe Quarterly Review than, a epeech, is very ingeniously constructed, aud the facta moBt judiciously .gleaned from a surface ef many years to tell against the working of our institutions. One main error lies beneath all Mr. Gregory's arguments aDd illustrations. Like most other strangers, he de- rives all his ideas of American institutions from the working of the system in the large towns in which one ,half-of the population is foreign, and chiefly the dregs of bis own country, who, without the education to fit them for self-government, are driven over here by misgovernment and find themselves suddenly in- vetted in our principal towns with a power which it could hardly be expected t^ey would exercise at once.wMi moderation or judgment.. This foreign element is one of the dangers which RepubKcaa institutions have to apprehend, but it is an evil which is tbe spawnthat there would not be the beginning of contentiott.. all others in one of ridicule. "When other lips and He illustrated his idea by the following incident: Ones other hearts," ice. •;- •in a battle, in which the soldiel* fought with bayonets, |two pereone met, and parried each other's blowa fora Committee on tho subject of tho Board of Missions, won d i )t even permit such a palliation. Tallcing of Mr. John Walter, who is a proprietor of The London which elicited an animated and important dis-vided he don't burst up, nji which customary event pres<|ntiwith us, the unpleasant contingency might occur of ions, there was much murmuring in certain Tivies, owning the entire property of Printing-Housecussion. In this, - some of the principles thatquaiten; at the presentation to tho Queen of our ac- Square, and about half the shares into which the stock imm^SS^^SZS having his ingenious head struck off. With all these cOmjJisiied countrymen, Messrs. George Wilkes and is divided, having, in a Bharp, telling speech on thocoming £om village, andabip, and county council*; tbit tahtri^rZJ^r ^ J ? " seductive projects ready cooked up for the stran-Dr;| A JgustuB Rawlings. Some reputed eai(ly Reform bill, suggested that a promise not to dissolveposition. Tbe Divine Right or High-Church party con-tend that God has given .a distinct organization to thochurch, including all its forms of government, as wellas its system Of doctrine, and that they have no more Book, Sundav-Scheol Hymn Book. The PresbyterinajfcWcK St.Andrew'sSocietiesofeach mllvSi maydoallhandsaheapofgood.•£•">> <fy> or village, the militia, compames, the Board* Cheating people assumes new devices daily. One « Alade~-aE of whom will want to present addressee—•J^T good in themselves, no doubt,couched in uaex- of our Aldermen, Kobert L. Curry, was wtntenced•*puooabkj language, and ex pressing sentiments which to six months in prison, on Saturday, for conspir- Park Lb;in the Duke, is Lord Curdigim,' who, with his the responsibility, and declaring bin intention to bring: but directly, and that every "act Of_a Board of Missions »one^ Canada will dreamV repudiating, but, never- acy to cheat certain tavf-rn-keepers by having them authorized to collect funds: appoint missionaries, and •DSJM» ^ g t b y and wearisome. arrested on a charce of violating the license law, latesj vlbtmi, the last Lady Cardigan, leaning on his the.matter of-this insult and aspersion before tbOi finish the work without reporting to the Generalarm/ibiBy be seen every Sunday afternoon on the Ser- House. Mr. Horsman failing to do BO, however, Mr. Assembly, aud awaiting their sanction for every act,W ~ ! •!??». *? x!?*on w b T U l e Prince should ke «ub- and then allowing them to escape by the payment£*ted to the feM££fafifc&m of being read at for day* Of money. Two constables.were also sent to prison pentiiie walk. Thoxlgh now approaching sixty, be car- Walter himself did HO forjthe purpose of disclaimingpreach on tho text, "And tho kingdom and dominiott and the greatness of the kingdom under »« ^r?** heaven, Shall be given to the people of the Saints or the Most High." The sermon was au eloquent on©,veryunHistly,asplayingther6UxofRobert.Maeaire day,inwhichMr.Horsman'snamewas-iutroducedasand 3f(( nes Strep.A^ object of equal, if not more, observation in tho'one not unlikely to be influenced by auoh a promise, that gentleman wrote to Mr. Walter, fixing him withhear the Rev. Dr. W. Clarke of New-i^k City {is per s'c a violation of a fundamental law .of five and pointed out tho manner iu which the arts, tho «« « eKs, Anything more disagreeable ean scarcely for ffomg about among other groggories and levying ries his age with ihe most elastic buoyancy. And with then and in future responsibility for anything appear- church, as laid down iu the New Testtunent; trades, the intelligence, the wealth, the laws, andUuaThomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th StreetFulton New York13069 • ' " - " '""•••••<•'fc—att*»•"-••'••••'••-•• ••. - -i ;•• . ,www.fultonhistory.comMr. Macready has written a letter to The Times fa. while, when suddenly both dropped their weapons contradicting in terms not vtry complimentary to tbe ,'jand fell into each other's arms. The mystery wasder, for other worlds tojconquer. "OF THEthe American Board. .The cooperation between the General Assembly and the American Board is felt to be sincere and cordml, underlie tho whole structure of tbe Presbyterian and it is thought another year will-develop an increase church are canvasRcd, and the two parties that arenow,' in the amount of contributions, i . a at issue on lhone principles, defined distinctly their I Tbe Publication cause is in a hopeful condition, and has done a good work the past year by issuing book* adapted to the times anu needed by the cB*0TM**8*right to cieate an- extraneous Board of Missions notdistinctlymentioned,intheScriptures,thantheyhaveto create a now commandment; that the church itself, ;nB constituted in tho General Assembly, is a missionary In the evening a huge congregation assemwea t o board, and muet do its own work, not by delegation,t/-..; ,*s«-:.'.*•«•<«*«»".•. •"•'-T-'rrYnwnifttMnmu,.!...Tbe Assembly met at 9 o'clock, and spent the finfctho missionary work, by cultivating a more mtunaieSvstem, by the Rev. Dr, Hatiield; Shall I Dance t bv tileKev.J.F.Tuttle;LittleSins,audaoveral,excefc> lent Sunday-Bchool books. . __,,truth, a manly iiv  