 : ;¥QL. X.-NO, 2878.HE NATIONAL CUSIS.Hlfkly laiportuit flrom the Fedend^ Capital.JLI llPRICE TWO CENTS;of the Committee on the Union, inasmuch as a pur- inmy jodgment,the best Government Instituted among Sfr, as the pasdbllity that all Uie labors of this Com- lution of tbe Union Is inevitable tb« slty la^tfeiaat- wklck I rafvrsd ia my Ljackbugli sMaeh. »is>k_.;ening, I grant yon, but so it haa doatf befota, aad yetTliQ SffiBeiirioii Uneition Before ensuing GengxesB.four years.warring upon each other. These, indeed, are degen- from voting to coerce any man to act upon UUs Com- the occasion, as if she were afraid to trast herself the oeeuladMlllliMttMillie a Itt HBiM TwtfwymrnvE K««/moiii of secretary cobb la only playing an immense game of bluff.;choice, because there is no representative bi^ from nance ia Conventttm in ISn ; but stUI tka Union was chlvalrie to rcmaia where .URtT nimin fmm the south.from Hon..•r Bona. J*k»KUi<»awr>>qy*»»«iil<i!ii"<'"n of Uw Pmon. Tke k«( a«k aavK wkO* it was tttgalied and par- r, tnawlB fldeolated to obUtsrate tb* Jtst ilWaHW n« v«eebm dallTered br InnaViaadatkeisofIlls ealibn,domuch iBiMibaValiaeanM, Init tka cool, dellbenta, dlg- aUti TdMaitkM of tke Mittntppl Senator an trulythe revolution to maintain the tion of Independence.of the Declara'that member is a llttie too much tinctured with tbe doctrine of squatter sovereignty to suit theandWho can brave Uke atoo far for any demonstrations North to do any good.They are prononncea disgraoefiil by all parties, and asonly tending to produce discord and trouble else- ItedaMlviB tlM S«BM*>>-dBr teems to aufur where. Assurances come from all quarten Souththat is»Be be I^a»i«wthe^»lSSi.rffumamtm, Maadar, Ow. u).mere inferior issue could be tendered to the South uponwhich we could dissolve tbe Union, than the lo.s of anelection. When lamasked toiaisetheflagofrevolutionssalLst aa' election under the forms o law and the Con-Btitntira, / am asked to do an unconstitutionaA tkmg, far me to knaw,that both would BostalB a ealiaSs^K *from an authentic source, thiA the authorities of South Caro- lina will make no resistance either to the collection daaseroas, otf are to be decplr lesratted. Never of duties or to the possession of the forts guardingrassured,Such is the aomlsslonoftbe leader whom you pro- pose to follow, and you make an earnest appeu to me to unite with ia the of a rebelinghasdfreeted us tliroogk every tryiwtbe wsy wUl be prepared to save tbe Brcat.TSifa^fcaaJhiBiiMln anwarcd liefoic so Impressed with its'#ham tlmialnr Docsub announced that be ignored yutr, the (aUeriee resounded with applaose. Ali •jce were tui»ed en Senator Miso>, as he seems the^IfImHit OB kaitag the gallerie* cleared. Ik*reaaikaofSenatorDizoawerewell receivedCharleston harbor ministration.the remainder of his Ad-my country.Pardonme, my respected,when the shaUagainst the Government of tl5(^she will require no other State to sett ofwhatit liecomesberlionortodo—bat'riMi"and this ValOB muste gratlBg harahly on the Senatorial ear, ke (ava Um nsoal notice that If repeated, he shouldbe compatible with herdignityevery occupiesmovement of South Carolina, because of tbe electiontliiMillliiliil moderator fsr the Senate;to assemble on the 7th of January. He did not attendpretendshe would have her if occupied present position'r aw* B* "tion of some, perhaps, but I have no —'"rapfaoredbySouthernmen. Hebe- l«n< niiT illllmltliis eonld be settled; and if they wen Bit, faittDry mold record that it was because the;particulardam^ tkaappadMa beiag regarded Tfcay iBOnted nothing.waydress, without trusting to Congressional eempromises,which have never been productive of peace and har-The component parts of Uils Committee wereglo- i hoper;If the Speakerown and the honest dic- judgmentex-. give time for the passions excited by the lafe eteetlea,nothingread it with renewed Interest day by day.be. Is u vmrtk while !her go out, and stay out, until she had made theI TTlTfBc item disunion.object to the assumption thatdswa.maewnta New-Tork, and pronounce his 4e<tantlcinsdMOrd,unfoundedandillogical. The •oostry member* from New-York laugh at it, and the andOUomenlaughatit TheNo Democratic member from The Interests ofverynot as servants and inferiors, in the outer courts oftbat are scattered broadeaat arar that our fathers were a set of the country for the purpose of Inflamhn popular fm-PeBvylranla, Jeney•td^eet Ima, kowerer, been seriously mooted.whilst it was assoclatton ofnothing States,more than a mere voir :Ite passage of the Treasury Note Bill was fully aileipated, and It will recelTC the approval of the Bnnalt Itveachesthepocketsofeverymember,and kenee Is povalar in both houses of Congress.oMai a memorial from Tuab'iktib Htatt, praying that fkrestly. One report is that Hr. Gothsu has been relief be provided for the suierers In Kansas. Mr. aaed, lad another that Ur. Holt takes the Treasury SuN^za cited similar instances, and suggested that aad Hon. L. (TB. Baurca takes the Post Office De- the relief could be afforded either by an appropria- partment. StUlaaotlierrumor is thatMr. SoHsugoes tion of money or land. Referred to the Committeecame liksomeoneit be broken nalghti•Ofkasnotbeennominated, althoughrumorsaysdif-tB«p.,)on Territories.The Homestead Bill passed its first realing.The resolution of Mr. Pswxu, of Kentucky,'Iwly for vottag Ibr i(r. Tiuikmm nr ^^k, aal by tbat vote ooastttatisc Um the pttMiat oOoer of this House, The people of Maryland, as well as of tbe entire South, assumed tliis ground, namely, that every Southern man who thus voted for Speaker was a traitor to that section, and that vote is also regarded as In opposition to Slavery.'Mr.BKI003,ofNew-York, (Am.,)inexplanation,ilea aad ad}BStBMatwfi^Us Ciim1Hiiiimay pro-aSUsfoweisdcsfroy, or hazard the lo& of, what all the wor never be able to give them again.I am, respectfully, your obedleat servant and friaad, • V.U.BOTTB.Into tte Cabinet All I know is, that no nomluatlon tea beat made.lnow proposes to cancel hers 1When should we be safe in declaring tvar for the de-fence of our honor, or our rights, or for the protectionSecretary Tsoimoii Is In trouble about the seedsjvrdiaaed in Europe. They have all been retained (Dem.,) on Federal Affairs, was called up, for nra-paymeitf *t export duty, and our llinister, in- Mr. PowiLL said events were rapidly crowd- stead of settling the duty and forwarding them, is ing upon us, which, were they not speedily squabbling over the matter, until the seeds will fail tosaid that his vote for Mr. Pxsxihutoh was notfor the object the gentleman attributed, namely op-upon shore.Canupon result from it sohere. pealAll the delegates elected to tbe Conventionap-arrive here in tim* for the planting aeason, and the wholeappropriationwiiibelost.Mr. Kiso, of New-York, (Rep.,) inquired whetherdeeperopenenemf/iauselessmeasure. TlieA delegation of tin Stockbridge Indians, formerly•f New-Tork, new of Wlaconsiii, arrived here to-day,•Bd liad an inteniawadth Commissioner GBiiirwoon.Mr. Suaeaikaan, CounciUer, and Hannaicas, Sachem, eaa^osetltedelegation. Theyarehandsome,intel-Ugent mea, well dressed, and advanced in civiliza-tion. Tbetr purpose is to secure a change of loca-tion from their present inhospitable and dreary Special Committee. reaervaUon.Alexander,He proceeded toat tbe map. Hemmed in, isolated, cut off from Uie seaboard upon every side, a thousand miles and more from the mouth of the Mississippi, whose free naviga- tion under tbe law of nations we demand and will have at every cost, with noUting left except our great Inland seas, where are vye to seek an ouUet for ourwith respect? I do notwish to be disrespectful to anybody—and most surely not to you, but I hope you will pardon me for saying, that one of the inconceiv-pleasure,tained a place in the mind of any man, who was notan absolute lunatic. Men's minds arc differently or-Serious difficulty is arising" this is not a Government the Govtrnment was not made byforce, and con»ThursdayUNION CONTENTION AT TRENTON.the priniiBg. iVoas, the House printer, hajs not arrived, and BowiU!!, the Senate printer, is in great difficulty to know what course to porsne. If the pretent reduc- Hob of forty par cast. Is continued, ail work must eease, a« the ffbsten cannot go on under the presentwasemtraets. TheClommitteeonPrinting,Iunlessformed wlilch had never ol>- a Government upon the people,is to be here in the State Bouse. be^dwUl report the facta in a few tl<m will be called for.days,of note from all of the State, who are partsMr. Taitcon, bearer of the President's Message toSouth Carolina, was also with the of charged dutyeensnlting the State authorities as to their purposesafter the ordinance of secession was passed. He rc-and noernment. The whole arrangement is perfectly uu- deistood, and things remain in statu i/us until MicT the Commissioner shall have failed to arrange for a peaeethle separation.ana' iTum;).xcr, entered into one with anfroeteher, anvdoluenatacrhy one with all the rest, that tiiere Is a power to enforce the compact.Among theseSixxii;, M. C. elect fromjphe Third Congressionaltnrned, last evening, and reports everything quiet,Uanodu tmhaey be enforbcetdwbeyenthteiiestSrtaotnegs, having been vol-; compactdangerthai reeoluUons res^eseatlac ta tka Slates that threaten ae^Bsion tliat they abonU stand by their allies at the Iforth in the Union, aad not the part of its .own citizens. If it is not a Govern- desert them by going out of the Uition, defining tksThe letter of Mr. Bons, published this morning, created quite a senastion. It is very genecalfy cir-assigns such reasons as the gentleman.concerningpubttcaduitional legislation Constitution.neccss^iry to maintain theof expression to say, force ;ofunderstand, and immediate ac-or a legal enactment,provincenot succeed in securing a maritime liorder upon other terms, then we wiU cleave our way to the sea coast with the sword. .\ nation of warriors, we may be a tribe of .shepherd.*. And yet nearly one-half of thetalned their approval or assent—then any of tbe par- uo! not iiuiUi by force, but that, on tlie other hand, itDouglas parties,pose is manifest to give all sides a fair hearing, and the Union men have a clear majority, the theory be-mtheant. it Itwaissonly necessary to carry It out in the spiritmlttee may all end in nothing, and in worse tbaa,''>,*- bcycmapda^Btoyot,bamtiiksbclraIiaktatnaiDnwpMakfraibfifUWjdiaS^w%i,;tf7&3-"'5SjS'li<'a felo^ of ttob^baatgrada, aM s^aatft kL=^a majority in the State wasentitled to a member of the Committee. The Speaker ination and recrimination, but call on all men wlwing that the party havingdid not intend to Ignore any interest, but could makefraternity. I dont intend to review the war of crim-tee, in having men placed upon itwho represent no-Butif it should beotherwise, aad the Haalave fii -'< eosladr af tka aSaan. i£it up m no other just bringingfor the Tsloa of tbe dara that bm^ k* (oodBaaafthe and beidlaff It as a ekai|« iiiHe delivered the vote and drew the pay for his services. Much surprise is expressed tiy those who know this, as the Secession Represen-went so (hr as to say the Electoral Colleges of the Talk to me about repealing the Fugitive Slave law ;not rent asunder, nor will it now be. as 1 think , *Cotton States would not even meet and they have re-fused to vote on <;ertaln occasions in the House on theaame gronnd. The vote transmittbd was for Baacx- repealed f Would tliat give us the Union our lathersleft us r The remedy is in the patriotism and afectlom of the people, if they exist Ii^ all free govanaaitsnessse, Maryland, Rortk no other Slate is likely to ~go _wii her, and 1 would be proud to stay tiotaiBea. TIUsactstrengthensthetieliefmenhave, thattheSouthdoesnotactuallywishtosecede,and thelawsOregonCommittee,becanse he is so unfortunate as to have noassomed, sympaiblie witii her—but I cannot,lor reasonsai- reaoy given in my speech, which you say you havaprovoked AUtMsHWfeBttoDgkopeBayba_Dispatchesmembers,to, the test of tue States, aud I cannot under any con- that msay of our leaffiag laen ham %Aistitution,that even those classes in the Northwould be selected for snch a aad teand letters come in toed by BoBAOB GaxxuT, or possibly by the gentlemanfromquirlea,andnuuilfesUog great anxiety on ace aunt of thedangertotheUnion.Thereportthatanotherriot occurred in Boston on Sunday is doing the Vnioncause no good. The leading men thinktiave gonebellafthateach wUI, la the tdMlVuXuSSSkmi'that no hostile demonstrations are Intendedfor all tope of preservation now aad of restoration here- after. Sfr, is any man here insane enough to Imagine for a moment that in the midst of these scenes the great Nortliem and Great Western Democracy, so essential aa element and by far the most numerous element of the great Democratic Party, which for so has moulded the and controlledthat are only arming for defence. 0. P. Q.according to tbe Constitution as it now exists. I am neither time nor labor nor Honey oealdDISPATCH TO THX ASSOCIATED PBI8S. WASHEiSToa, Monday, Dec. 10.It was true that after be had markedIB confidence In tke ssms GeodThe President has been justcountry." trust and—and the Republicans certainly areand I have not a stiadow of a doubt either of tbe righthaste. Nobody purposes to firejour dwelltnga, or steal earthere is of ttee b^ pleiByduringest and proudesttant acts of legislation, wtdch have endured tlu-ougharise for Tli^ate IB jThere now seems no doubt that Mr. Cobb lias re- signed the Secretaryship of the Treasury. His friends say he will repair to Georgia on Thursday, he being a candidate for member of the Stateall time-tiiat such a section of such apelled by every canslderaUan of honor and duty to de-cline invitation. yourverypoliteDo )ou doubt, or does any sensible and reflecting man doubt, that Mr. Yascst described truly the situ- ation #hich man who uvora tbehitched on" nor "the three last Cabinet meetings. Extract/rom a Private Litter^ datedWiBHi.NGTOJi, D. C, Sunday, Dec. 9, 1860. The excitement here is merging into sulleimessand"traitors"ather?—areand the conviction grows stronger that the experimentofsecessionissuretobetried. Theevidencesoflic sentiment received here from various sourees see n to indicate tbat the Secessionists would l>e satisfiedI of 1^lanseat day were incompetent fort doty. Tke difflealty was, precipitation on one with nothing less than continued control of the Gov-The Southern States are pledged to do it. Virginia stands pledged not to see a severely State coerced, if she thinks the time has arrived when her honor and safety require her to go out of the Union. Florida, be repeated, is determined to settle for her-teiap' being sent into a Ctmventkin, tbaa toaky ilMdUindi>cn4alttyanthe other.I to-day has but increased the ap-£i ttw baie> ftere iraa literally no effect pro-as only a waste of The declaration ,ttat Mew-Tork City would declare was crldenfly to check Charleston seaboard cities wUe hare looking to greaternment by operaiicm of new amendments to the Con-—andwho are suffering most by the pending paralysis in trade and finance, are nearly unanimous in the deter- mination never to assent to the extension of Slavery another inch,—or to any new guarantees for its pro- tection.Nevertheless the prevailing tone here is moderate,calculated to fan tiie ilames.The TiaiB looks well to me—never betteror the power to control her;CONORESBIONAI. FROCEBDINGS.SENATEAfter prayer, the journal was read.demand to at tiie worshipfoot of the and altar,But that unfortunately would lead to another per-plexing dlSculiy, which is, that it would amount to anacknowledgmentthatwehaveno<}ovemment misrepresentationsOn motion of Mr. Biaua, ofthe Standing Committees oflast session were ordered to be continued.Mr. Latilui, of California, (Dem.,) moved that theIs to tilts very army of conservative men that you are for tbeii posteriiy a Government that would endure and it will require a vast deal of labor,resointiui relative to theto the Committee onPoet-oikees'anid'ltoada.eear one of the partners happened to tire or growit but little tefiecUon to andMr. StMiini, at MaWsiibBMiills,'«nfiiiBlaBia«B£i<reeo^dBsd by tfa« Oortarnmest -harte,yea'towitb ma iBi_,^suppressed, would result in a dissolution of the Government. The resolution proposed legislation to givepowerfortheconectionofevils. Dutytothe country reiiuires us to act prompUy. The eleventh amendment to the Constitution was made in 1794, and in 1803 the twelfth was made. Our fathers acted in emergencies, and so can we.all the NorUiwest liave aTirginia, Bays Conventian wHl aotTHE GOVERNOR OF GEORGIA. MiLLZDGiviui, 6a., Smiday, Dee. IkGov. Bbown is out in a long letter favorins se- cession. —^-^Mr.CoLUMiK,ofVermont,(Rep.,)movedtostrike out part of the resolution, leaving in only so much as referied to Federal Affairs, and that it be.referred to ais not a proper representativ e of Maryland.The ap-Mr. Yrir.B, of Florida, (Dem.,) inquired what was intended by " amfndments ?"Mr. Grim, of Missouri, (Dem.,) said he would votetry to stop tbe Slavery agitation. The only man who isWhat are Sir, we are seven Statesnot be kept togethir byforce."It is very true that the Government was not madeTaiiiTos, N. J., Monday, Dec. 10, ISK^M F^M. To-morraiv the Conventitm of all Unioo-krrtBffor the resolution. An amendment to theanempireequalinareatothetliirdofEurope,andwe bvforce—ifsometyrannicaldespotConstitution, popular sentiment goes with it, or the strong arm of the Government goes with it, is not worth a straw. Our efforts must be toiiad forcedtilingsCommittee of Thirty-three, to take into con^deration the perUousitheyConvention,true that theshe wUl adhere to, abide in. aad protector saying doingand Imony.peculiarly unfortunate and ill-advised.do aU, to Buffer all, in this cause of, I tliank God, ourcommon country. By no vote, or pledge, or act ofours, here or elsewhere, siiall anything be done toimpair, or defile, or overtlirow this, the grandest tem- periment and, like tke prodigal son, return to hersustance away from usfore us—let us then be patient be wise, be aadanta;Pennsylvania, (Dem.,)incongruousandto look, at least for its consummation. I teU theforever,untarylong as It was tnttrsly eonrcmlent and agreeable to all the parties to remain in it but that the moment it be-foresight, knowledge, wisdom snd < one that wUl prove a satlafaetory iwbich you propose to diseard.Do vou feel sure that the State isaatataAjmtAb« rsfnrredrot'as ttisre ia less danaer to bepub-thebrinir aiiout public sentiment, or alternaUvcIy we Alabama. Florida, Georgia and South Carolina aremust ami tiie FeJ<Tal Government with power to enf'irce the Constitution cvc.-y-.vherc.Mr. Latuam salvl California will rnualn v^ith theVr.ion—the great North :in<l AVest—iio maf.cr wliat of a collision with the Federal Gov- oc.-urt. Tlie I*acific llaiiroud «;*s tlie grc:\t deside-and excluded from this commit- tee. Meantime, one hundred thousand votes, repre-ratum of her people.Mr. PowsLLacicplc'. Mr. Ccu-ahef.'? prop.>siiiontostrike out.Mr. Fcs'fSE. of Connecticut, (Rep..) said the man-necessary, at sented here upon this fioor by sixteen members, and It is no Government ali.If it is not ofsv,]^imtTnottrson will soon follow Mr. Cocs. He agement of the Government is in the hands of theSecretary•nterad his ottce to-day but look over a few tetters on his table.come from— didWe were told the Uidou is inerations which Impel me.a^ such representative.to vote deep-seated anti fast extending. Whatsoever is to be wtiotnh,in or rewpietlhout T Pshaw; thatthesessicawillaotlast and ttiatoh accpnatof the un- and the dlfltcdlty, In these times ot tight purse-strings, of leaving Borne and businasi tanothing more tlimDemocraticda.nger of dJsruption, and will fall to pieces.my duly to .'-upport the proposition, as it l0"lvs towardalliiyirg tlic excitement and will bring baciv uannonyand friiternal feeling. He was far above party con- but.abovc all, to the very purpose off tbe CommitteeWiU be passed ;Party.done must be done at once, and It must be done!fallal,topromisepleasant weather,and in justice to him and to liis State, The is mooted, if the Voion brealis siderations. I will cordially give my supoort to the itself, I cannot so vote. It is simply unreasonable todelay, no Convention, no miserable temporizing expe- dients, otherwise not the secession of a few Statesthe changed since tbat time, or is it only because st.itos- ance will not be exceedingly large. There is soaip'culated, and is proBonnoed patriotic and able.and absolute is inevitable.question belsgap, wliether the policy of New-England and North resolution. The Committee wlli dcc'i? prompUy for begin propositionswewe have solemn duties to tbe whole cotmtry to per- fixed, permanent doesEastern New-York will not be at once to establish an the harmony and peace of the country. (.Applause.] independent Confederacy, and Imild up a Govern- Mr. DountAs, of Illinois, (Dem.,) said I am rcidy to ofbefore take the fatal plunge. Some who support theymenttaring interests of that section. TheIt reverently—Is there ofany finalaright,syrupssleep wiilcli yesterday wc owned. Sir, In the name ofthe Democracy of sixteen States of this I use whatever influence Ipeculiarly adapted to tlie capital and manufac- propositionspeakwould makeit so, and ourinstitutions are no betterthis embassy to Oleiii is understood to berather staggers the CottonSenators Dxvis,•eeesaionists in the House, IcaJlng give their undlTllcd opia-loB that Uie Union can never be1 trusft we may lay a'^ide allI pass by"*•SO, I8W.ferent basis from the present. Thethis House—that which has just triumphed in partyA BOLD PROTEST AGAINST DISUNION.before thetouch-«oui>l inauguraiion by a refusal of all thedeper.ds. t.^pplnuse.)President BEXCtisaiBOX arose and said he deemed the election, which is tbe culminating poiat of allThe telegrams paradedpublicStates.[Applauf-e.]not our par;y, on the occasion.petty griev-UiUon, pro- not BO with you, efxorerItshould entering mto one wiUi Committee. My might be able to a,?ahistIviasoit, BaowK, and thegentleman from Florida, that this proposition of a Committee might with far mure proprie-test againstmotives may be misinterpreted now. will in a llttie wlille vindicate them.South Carolina, tbat has played the part of a common and disturber of the public peace for the last brawler who could no tbat IKANSAS. Correspondence nfthr Seic-York Titr.es.Nov.Seaaton to appear in the Senate, is now given up byaU, aa aBOOgfa Democrats declare the'.r Inteniioa toremain at all buards to leave a constitutional ma-it the duty of tke Chair to enforce the rules of deco- oui controversies, and of the dangers which sur-to which, the objects and Interests of South earoliaa, ing our Southern the wAalej*lty.No member has lieen patt more than sevc^i lum-oi I uisiip; obation.if it occursyoa not pretend to be prophetic en'ugh to foretell, but I twenty miles I have called from*ouaoreunited upon a dif- plot to Ucfeat Li.t- Der.ioontlci.igthequestionsgive securitythat she would not be «s^MoiKD Ciir, Friday,physicalof aad Princeton,I ieel itfor the motion to excuse, it is idle. Sir, to attempt to coerce a gentleman to serve upon tlds Committee whoact with anybody wtio will look to the settlement of name—and Ithis quotloc, or who will presene the ConsU'.ution. settlement when you are thus obliged to begin withnot poppy nor mandoragona, nor aU the of the world, will medicine us to thator more States founders, then languagecannot be employed thatStates Minister to Prussia, should be dispatchedone of the Sov.lnern Stales, oov.1'compulsion to fill up this Committee !anecs, icuds and jealousies, and l-iok to om- country, without comment the consideration, pressed by the. ,. ,, ,,jbe intends to be hektiowsuotpresentto hear noajid discuss-words of whUe party[Applause.] I desirecountryBe it so. Timemeeting upon which tiie fate uf thety and effect have come from the Republican PartyinUiitty years, andwould he willing to acceptfaithless to the next compact as siie has lieen to thisrum.Mr. Ma£o;«, of Virginia, (Dem.)—It is an indignityround u>^, and tbat, with great honor to himself, anl with great and soothing good it might have been to the whole country, full of alarm and excitement now. The f;entieman who was Chairman of tl.is Ccmndttce, distinguished for his age, his experience,AOAUiST EEOZB.SIOX. RicuHoss,as she conceives them, are essentially at variancewith those of this State will never sMctionmost wicked imposittona. To anive atto ite .Seuale for theto eipre>igalleries upprobatioawere. ?M to honke, aa*The Judge eOBldaatand whichmuch returntoKaisaswithsafetywhUethUfeelia»gilsts. fcr considerHtion refleetioa, duringself and in her ownthe mode and manner of re-We are here to maintain the Constitution whichmakes tlie Union, and to exact and to yield tbat equal-ity of rights which makes the Constitution worth pre-serving. Tliat is our mission. Wc are ready. Sir, to sttil be a State or the Union, IH a state of rebellion,had consulted hisand tbe scenes that now surround ua to ealakLet us act like men, and not^ike dtOdrea, aad abara all, let us take to ascsrtainfaets, asd not be led awar from the path of duty and honor, l>y tke tea tkeoaaaaNEW-YORK, TUESDAY, DECEMBEB 11,. I860.formed. Our fathers made a Union of nothing nor will 1 even ;the clearest sunshine hasof rain or peal of thunder—sol trust It will be ^ata.friendly Stales—now hostility has been substituted forpeaames by Jae SBd Innilaosmeat to rescosmU^have hearts, and who love the Vnion, to look the danger in Uie face. What U the remedy? Is it to coerce the people f The Union will be shatteredWhat care we though all the personalCslifomia, tbough Mr. Liaocm, by the division inrest with popular opiniondon't Ihey tlieyI sbould not haveifare powerless. We must now deal with fkcts as theyto teli thebeen snrpiised to have seen that gentleman supplant- just lead. I see nothing in Uiat podUou but plain, ed, and a Broper course is parsaedHOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.The motion to excuse Mr. Bawziks, of Florida,Mr. HAwnns furtherto serve on the Committee. Hie had been guided by his own ideas as to what was ^ipropriate on this oc- casion. The Bolution of the question and the con- clusion being so simple, he acted entirely on his ownresponsibility.out his course he asked thejority of the extreme Southern members, and they, with one or two exceptions, agreed with him. By virtue of the powers intrusted to liim, he might act on a Committee under circumstances different from those now existing, but he could not now do so, as Florida has Initiated measures for a State Convention on the 3d of January, and will take such steps as wiUand honor. It was of Florida had lieen retarded by untoward circumstances. She is numerically weak, but for that she is not the less overeign, and ismain in the Union [if she wants to go out Such an attemptwouldberesistedbytentimesthe numberofsoUtary repre- Mountains; and that mighty host, numoering one mUlion six hundred thou- sand, which for so many years has stood as a vast breakwater against ths wind end waves of the storms of sectionalism, and upon whose constituent element at least this country must so much depend, now in the midst of the great eventswhich areofra«ae^Bea«(dt parttcsand of both sectlans. snd lam^&teallaE(Dem.,) from service on the Select condition of the country coming up—of the kewould readyledissolvetheUnEm.i MtMsbeeaclaimedOBbotbskks,bpopulationLib-p>aMr«» tL until some sfronger reasons than now exists te Itorightsstirringathirty men, to represent a naiUion and a lialf of freemen.Federal troops marched against her.Men are not made or more Wiser,explainedwhy he did not wishmost from calculate Hs vaftie°tates of bis pure and manly heart, he (Havuhs) be- lieved the material of the Committee would haveple of human liberty ever erected in any age;butwe hometoeatupthefattedcalf!to any section—but as a Nati<mal vote for a National man.—Mr.HAVKI5S IwasspeakingofSouthernmen.ted t Ought anysuch a CommiUee ?a Western man. I thank the aenUeman from Florida cordially for the kindly sentiments to which be hasdestroyed, whenever some one of the States might be disap-positionin the election of her favorite candidate lor the Presidency, or because her interest would be pro- moted by doing so, or because it loouid enhance theMr. Baieos—I beg pardon.Mr.Hawxisb—Ifyouwerenotansatisfied you would be a Diogenes.issay that Maryland being a noble State wiii be true toherdestinywhenthepropertimearrives. Mr.Davisoftliis worldto mind, is tbat an idea, of such unmixed and unmiti- gated nonsense and absurdity as tbat of the right of a state to secede at should ever have ot>-pointment of the Committee is a constructive fraud,as some persons believe it is a great pacifica-tor, to heal our wounds and produce a poli- tical millenium. The effect, if carried out, would be to demoralize and degrade the South. Hewassorrythepropositioncamefromone oftbenobleeonsoftheSouth. TheRepublicanshave noideaofyieldinganytliing. Itwasridiculoustofor Mr. Lixcoui is Senator Tbdm- Bcix, who says tbe interpretation of the Presidential election is tbat his Admiaistration wUl be on the side of freedom, meaning thereby opposition to Slavery. He (Hawkiks) might be called a Cataiine, but he wished to utter a few words of warning. He wouldUNION MEETING IN PHILADELPIttA. PQiLAnxLmA, Monday, Dec IS.authorized tospeakby force, and it is for that verytell the North, speaking bybook, Mississippi,are Hon. Wb, G. Commodore Stocktos,has givenWhen and how tias the Constitution beenfbr theof th4.;to I.gotravelinggoodattaa^,rightsperbapsask It of me when If 1 understanil my distingoislied ftiend from Vlr-brave man, win Aaram and daiy a bully, and there has been too mtingKmajtoyedeatwtbBides. ItaBtteTein Uw patrlattamopinioi^of the great ma-;coUeague, thoughtruth,reasomttletime Is aUowsd,^-a soltBbis .and immunitiea of the otherthis world who thinks that in tbe midst of theand revolutionary events which are upon us, sixteen hundred thousand men, bom free and now the equals of thcfr brethren—men whose every pulse tiirobs with tbe spirit of liberty—will tamely submit to be degraded to inferiority and reduced to political servitude T Never, never, while there Is but one man to strike a blow at the oppressor. Sir, we love this Union, and more than that we obey the Constitu-surprised at andcntiUed to all thesovereign States. Florida cannot be forced to re-yourself t'.for peace and reconciliation by at-Sir,are stand-doctrine of secession, and it is at once settled that and stable Government out of twotempting to compel the members of tillsHouse tosey, speak to the people, snd exhort them tajwuse''libertytowhat is best, and surnt of all,the attitude South Carolina has I would couriadaad tIdlls arethe ranks of bis wis enabled OKmnents,been very different.the Northwest is on the Committee.that section have been singularly ignored. The ma-terial of the Committee is mostheterogeneous, and as a sample of others, he didnot believe that the appointment of Mr. Davis, ofMaryland, was fair and appropriate,the last SBMioB of her T^tiBlatare passed a' ills own party, togathar witk saoh otksrs as lie aayMaryland at -sub' resotuttott ilMimWiitnt thai gaatlMMB BmnjaiMmelemgiven —any goodif in tbe midst of theof our people, war,the Unionaquio, thepre-4re4dollarsofhissalary,aadallhaverereiveithatIriOigir.f.totheSenate,il.aoijhter.j hiseloquence.Illsmoderation,toeaynothingofidsdayandtnhiagthtc,ohualsdbeensoconstantlyoccupiedwitthhedStoalneotwitlhlinktohuet.reasisSoauntyhlCiakroelUihnoaodthatantyodoot,heirnfindeverybodyquietlyathome,anWdhuttaiokysseaeaiaBathtSUBBe;twho have applied for it. Sta'.eiieits to the rare taeorreat, although a few negotiatedI ihave been nowImtiitbebrief.compelled to defer it—and even a sort of sty-rofler blaze ; the rest wiU he disposed toconsider matters more carefiilly, and will take time have been saving of Kansas.^^The jepoxtiBceiTad here, that a great riot had oc-of your letter asof cours^, to those portions which tioldoutand 1 think » diflererei".ill be djne, to reconeUe existingEven his Dcmooii ic friends, Uke all otb«n,deaBime*eetttSeaiM'wtOiFederalrightly belongs to the .-.linority alone. Some to benow, representationspeaksertucllvcmay,outsidealone can save usI refer, promises the presentcarred by lhm-Yoi%, only excited the Northern men, dgBre^bice to the leeewion movement. U was ao<m denlet-t, aad laagbed atular spotatHarper's Ferry,of future greatness, if I willuponSenator T^"'" r^reeents California as loyal toItsyou saytosit do-*n.6ide bv side withtime stepped over Oieany Mi«s°"i H"".;,,^wUle Baace tka' SCOR, of the House, think she will iBeritaUr aecede.vernment, theremust bo legialaUon to meet it Our fathers learned Committee so- weak, so diffused, so diluted as to be ul- w as only because they had not the firmness to say, as legislation,^„y„^ from Fort L«ivenworth with a large for«ot^o^parties.Govori.uiint with J hys'eal power, party. .Mr, ^.. have fallen upon times"whichbeing;triit,si'.iiig oil cf^r ^^ill have thegallerles clCireL'. itisanvery friendly and seductirve letter, but my whole time,--.Mr. Da s, of the a»th5 leader of that party, might have as- matters MijtfU^lppl, (Dem.,) said, propo- positionnot be postpou-sd, that untU go proposes dcrstruck to find out what Judgetition rrefcmed is not vi. y hopeful of a good result, sumed the rf spoiisibillty of taking the initiative in present,it !::is l>i -n 6i;g;5i.»ied, as acure for tii= pu'j'.ic evli, tomvrstUitbat great work of reconcUiationreconstruction,tucli asrefer the iviltoof thatpartic which Abolition madne&j and tsnaticism selected as the weakest point of assault borders of this Ccnfed-him.MoSTOCMXtT, like all tho rest is at hoBle, andof the tkat h»ve paittesthree men have b«««Uie inienUtm to No armed parti- is in Uie field, and notwtieu patty polillca were fhalien.Now men mustwe liHvedemand, under Uie Constitution do ice le ctlgoany adevolved the uponTill KoiLcm party has sicceeded to powerare deepl] interested, in a poliliccU sense, in keepingandinstead of a'Jowing it I.<«.!! moremu!t feel allKC pat.ioUc, and lo k d; .icr-r la the fa^e. cracy. I pass by, also, the cumbersome construction and inevitableWe must inquire. w.,.it is the evil ; r;,e dia rnosls of of tbe Committee with the remiirk, that a coimsel sacrificed her honor and her reputation to the insidi- Now,toand it has not beenwisdom of Rome. Greece once wls*iit M»*d tbat^ Itettem Deao- Government Rome a confederacy of statestc to Oie solution of the greatest I do now say to you, in the gravest and most difficult and poi plexlng question ever " Get tkie teUndwu, Brntan."which has for its oBiect the obstructioa toof our Saviour— the execuU<m of the Fn^ve Slave I.aw, (wbich they Gov. MsDAxf has battened •»rightly, and ri=,e to aalong tiie entire slsveholdingUiink is fixed w6man tias-dand if they not may able to accomplish that is tsiicniial, through the action qf Con/rress.»^ m^-jgher altitude. WethetJalon,aaa'aotwillingtobreakallegiancewithit, UiedlM-asemustbetakenbtfo.epr(,criblng"Iftheneverfights,andaCommitteeofthirty-llireemem-oustempter,underfarlessimposingefrcumstaneesme,"andletustcuhlitismatterover.SupposetheoneUiousandmenarenowmarching«Pi's'^\^„_a consoUdated only—weought not to hesitate to do, even If no Union were atstake,) and if not suppose Congress shoidd so modUy their crossing Uie line.He ^|,ds dan|lr Uthey aPP"^*" BijnW?I.PH.languageBt(«awlalB<rf8paakfr FnanwioM BppolDtBMDt , Cntoo of States, ftumlng a more perfect Union form' presented in modern hUtory. I wlD not say as much, I ds net concur with you In opinion, that tbe disso- that law as to relieve it of tbat obaoxiooa fsature toMoehavKtoe li <tnWM 'iTiirriiiiiiitimately inadequtremark, as the gentieman has done, upon tbe peculiar position of this Commit-sileceeded, wlUioatasitoiiirernot evenodious and distastctel to tbe section btim which theythe United Slates is to be ao overthrown,«f tIM aksigadbody,themselves,pecuUarlypart the yritktdtuu, or the crime, shall b«many yearstbe destinies of this Republicyou assuming positionand a traitor, for whi(di I may be sentenced Uiiic»blcsEed,nhich has given to the countryof her sous—thatplaced upon the statute books some of tbe most impor-butnot and he is afoolinthe conquered,is to tie thus Uterally ignored, insulted and thrustaside as of no value f 1 tell .you you mistake the character of the men you liave to deal with. We are in a minority now, indeed, at the ballot-box. We bow qnietiy to the popular will thus expressed. We are defeated,seilher bebellious or freasonable moventeDtbT the iiiiislcbUd of tbe whole Tirginia made tie "-«—tion.We are here,gallant llttie liand of less than— placethe sanctuary. Sir, let me tell you that if this greatand never had one;polityof reconciliation and restoration is togo on,itoUL fools aud fogies, who thought they were making don.It takes a great while to build op afromof this Committee, that if he would do anything ef- fectually to correct public sentiment in our common State, it is to the two hundred IbmisaBrt sanni IngentiemanOhio, (Mr. Coawm,)-so it is in in free State of this Union. And everyand has lieen with the of short intervals for exceptionor who arefolly,upon me,present age, or of generations yet to come. tbattkallpaiatttkalBViabetkasBtive Government Our fathers did not make it tor consideration widch will alisoiutely preclude me long impetuosity, wholly nnsulted to the gravity of ries, tksn Aoeld IwwIadoBi sadp)"^'-^ inbotk isettaM ot tkeaenbTi**!the wise andthe vote of that State for President for the into thirty-three fragments. Ours is a Rep.esenta- wliich the Committee was framed. But there is one True, South Carolina has lushed on with a head- TerrttnT ; thea snnpoM ia if fctsBSsfaJmanner.A messenger from South Carolina arrived to-day,and ars tlKMe calculated far more to embarrass and defeat than to advance the avowed purpose foreithererate sons if they leave tlieir aad rivet forgecoma,byfor eondl^ the/mittee. The gentleman from Florida has alluded totatives from tbat State have frequenUy declared that hearts of the people, and therefore I turn to the side single representative of the Democratic Party upon may be,: that under a ridiculous, and false Idea of a suaded to sgraa that all tkeaaatbai»0laBoutk Carolfim, amiU s«v«* s-f^i-^^B^#^h^a^^B't'<- majority section now this Committee from the sixteen Free States east of becoming pride, apd true greatness, she may involve tton of fka iSwonri Una, towiththe ciiains around them. The remedy lies only in the it but he has not gone far enough. There is not one the passion than the wisdom of her people ; and it you think. By goad frtand, yarn bsbMand ask the question, Is not theSouth Carolina was virtually out of the Union, andKlXrES IN BOTH ROUSES. would not transmit the vote for President Some the section which threatens a dissolution of the the Rocky Mountains. The Pacific is Indeed repre- hsrtelf in very sefions difficultyshe may even de- the UnioB t altkoagh Soafli Union ? Our people are prepared to do justice. sented—no thanks to him, however. It was Hossoa'a clare heiBelf out of the Uhion; she did so by Ordi- sumed that sbe was tootbathasasiittletodoas the synptom to the diaeaee.•poUcy—tbat aand God-Hkeus, and toour children andto our ddtea'scsome ofparty the great-to be hanged forviolating the Constitutionwoilc oToiorKSSS One thing, my friend, yon may beiItistory ofnotindeed Very im* in the estima- desire tbat they should attach to my name either now, or inalter lile. My aspirations do not ntfi >i> Abet line. South Carolina, spuming the counsels and coopera- tion of Virginia ana other Southern States, has of her own accord, and upon her own hook, chosen to raisea mighty and a fearful issue with the General Govern- erate body—such as Congress or tke Leui—ment, and upon tbe General Government rests tbe have we any reason to tU{Hnse,wlien pat^ BaMtnaB respoDdbility of setUing the questinn. Hands off and as high as it does notr, that wiain' aad baoar ibbkfair-play to both, say I. In its present stage, we have nothing to do with it, and, so far as 1 am concerned, I turn ber over to " Uncle Sam," and if she can mam- tain her position against that respectable and po wer- ful old gentieman, let her have oil tbe honor andthe ChairmanM mm"* «*»»cease at once, evea alUiooghths doe- trine may not lie carried into effect The Govern- pose, and this House and the Senate may alopt. And ment is now supported by loans and Treasury notes,si.wMb M aBthalstalrtstblman. that If the doctrine of the I bew aarawsoBabie rigtityet.Sir, that powerful minority reckoned by millions, the last twenty-five years. What credit would theTo II. B.M., Esq.,of Va. Staunton,from the Government tie entitled to, and what could it obtain, Atlantic either at home or abroad, if it were understood that to the Rocky Motmtains, made up of men by any one State might at any moment break upthe Gov- whose right hand this Government Is to be de- ernment, and thus cancel the detit, as South Carolinathefended, maintained and restored, is as voicelessincludingcountrj' extendingREPORT FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.S. Dec S. Co^Bu, O.ySonday,There is nothing of -upusual interest tranqiirii^this Committee as tbe sandsthe sea- constitu-man to beto serve be and the (government upon could dissolved,to tie in favor ofprompt seces^fou.Coimau, IC«iday, Dee. IS,compeUcdI speak now, for the moment asutterance.Interest in the preservation of this Government as ita direct trade with theWhat Government on earth would thereafter treat itSir,price of cottontocertain to secede from the Union—Arkansas, Louis- iana and Texas are sure to follow.Mr. Vai-landiouam, of Olilo, (Dem,) rose and ai-dic^sea ll:c House, lie siiidnci conipelitu Ijy the rules of the House to vote upoa ttie question of excusing the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Hakkiss) from serving upon this Committee, 1 desire, in a few words, to assign my own rea-sons for thevoteIshallgive. Withmanyoftiiereasonsas-wastills Union, have nothing to do but there are consid- lime is short, the danger is imminent, the malady is execute the laws of the Vnion, suppress insurrec- and the adoption of measures of concessioo and com-signed bythegenUeinanforce, WhyCongresspositton:s?ir, InH^inucli as It>eoplearm of the lawof that vast cuipirc, v^hich so soon is to perform all IniportJintpart in the affairs of this continent, isutterly Ignoreduntarily enrered into, may in like manner lie enforced, ing members if bv the strong arm of the Government—are silenced and disfranchised in its arrangement. force to protect itself against treasonand rebelliononSuch is your Committee, and I caimot and will notof New- in tbe crisis, and urging tbe Jerseyclothed with theI. as a representative from one of the Free States of vote to compel any man to serve upon It Sir, the power "to provlfle for calling forth tbe militia, to repeal of Personal Liberty biUs by Nortkem States,from Florida (Mr. Hawkins)ment of; and imvasiems," whetherEvery remedy must go rightfrom Florida home to the seat of tbe disease. Let us have no the force bUl passed a Democratic Congress in thethoroughly.straightment of force, and very efficient force, in 1833, when House by a vote of 149 to 48, and in the Senate by 32pointedIn reference to Commissioneifl from Kentucky and other border States,- the GaoTidtastt'mesbould belent genUemaa from (Mr. Stoct) is upon the If 1 eonld see the least semblance of jostificsUon in tobelsftto tharaihe fate Aebadso aaMllsecuretbe vote of tlisft' State. The intelligeat aad excel- taintu -mil not in her present data of miad. Y"^'^y "?*> ''^ that doaHMa-ttdS^tooccur. Our separation from the mother countryall seetlona of the country, making all sorts of In- was peaceable. Our fathers fought the war of from Massachusetts, (Mr. Tbatss,) tiioogh I think tingency, be induced to take sides with her ia her dis- for. TiiS North and South are sqaaUr -.-_timer. ButI thereIs notone repeatIn"hisHontgomeiyspeech,said:sentative east of theRockyelection of a Black Kepabllcan iioaerst«nd my ieamtd csUeague, (Mr. Hiuiabb,) to say tba* aponthronging thick upon us,' " '^^totake Ibe place of tbrealB and taonts aad uand rtcrisilBBtiaiL How aU tWs Js ts kaH about is aaother question, -wUd IlaaMJai who are in power to bring aooBt—but Iloyaltytreachery.lymle,her own most trusted and active leader, Mr, YmcaXttheflrneiasi,dtnt would be an issue for diaoaion. 1(Mr. PaToa,)saywithalldeferencetemycolleagneshere,thatao downthisasked to put in the position of a axui.,ef a myselfTXAiToa; in apotition, where, if the OoYemmeat should succeed, and put down the revolution, I| and my friends can be arraigned before tbe SuprSBM Court of tbe United Ftates, and ftkere be sentenced to bekanged,/ar vivlatinrtke Constitution and laws of myaccomplish anything. reaaOB sal parsiand laws olparty which but Impetuous friend, tiX 1 kad rather not j I am im- arms necessliypartytrigged aits^ aay t^ mm^k •famUy. ofMr.LisccuiTforevenshedoesnot tiiat IschieflytheworkofbehandsofberdUdraLasIcoLK had been defeatedto see BO many of our own people turningand posing high-sounding designationstion T IConvenUoD—the public mind is not ht a ~»-»h«»h te a Convention-it is in too exdied a state te sock £- liberation as the phhlic interests denMBd,aala>tM means have tieen used^ make It so, aad the alMa a( your own mind serve^aa evidence <tf tbat laeLgivenIam isinitspresentform,thananyothersection, f^ook withus,asoneofthenationsoftheworldiortreatus listentopersuasionsfromanyquarter.able and irreconcilable thingsmy,destruction.Onewordmore. ArewetohaveaStateCoayas-and yet are you not surprised '* rebels "bidding Btbelyou traitorhope not—tboe is ao soSceitt reaaoBi far acommunication ? Here we have fifteen hun-dred mUes of southern frontier, but a ^litUe narrowstrip of seventy mUes and less from Virginia to Mls-siesippi binding us on the east Ohio is tbe isthmustbat connects tba South with the British pos-sessions. The Rocky Mountains separate us from thePacific coast—wiiere is to be our outlet fwe to do when you shall have broken up and de-stroyed ibis Government Tnow, with fourteen Senators and fifty-one Represen-tatives, and a popitiaUon of nine millions. We have it is altogether a different question. If it had been General Committees of the BeU, Breckinridge, andforeigndo not mean to be the dependency of, or aeither, of the East or South, nor yet an Inferior or ties would be justified In throwing It'pff whenever Many mensecondary power upon this continent ; and If we can- they cduld get rid of it But it is precisely berausr it to take part in its proceedings, are already here.I know, and we see tilings through different optics, and I dare say, you and others look upon me, in tbe same light, as I look upon you and upon them. Well, be it so ; honors are easy, and we break even.ganized,wasonly, but the totalwhole Governmenting here this day, acting in the age of posterity, and there is an -abioldte impossibility of ever forming a gatesthe of this arrangementLITIKR IT.OM JOHN UIHOB BOTTS PKOTISTI.VO whichshe is now to avoid. In additionendeavoring difficulties ooBtlBne to deal ia tbeMt Dxax Sia:I have beenEverywhereOUT people are as much astonished,an opportunity for some days past, to answer yourccmpany,getpossible.asin favor of whi.rh ment secession," yourightkiUed, Uier. has atme, *•present evil is the. fault ni the Gi bers wtil never «(ree upon anythhig—-at least not a than those yon present for my consideration but it North should agree to repeal their obnoxious the line tii Missouri, and Gen. Ham";aud. amany charmingdisruption of titismeiv have more wise of late? Establish this grownddo- to visit the Cotton States en behalf of New-Jer-IthasbecomequiteafavoriteandfashionablemodenoonattheStateHouse.notand conciliation. What prospect, in God's form, and if wc do not discharge them instantly and make tills a permanent Government as dcsiffned by its this proposition say that Ex-Gov. Vaoon, late Uniteadsserve upon a Committee raised for the very purposes peace; for, if our ConsUtutionNov. endeavoring1600.I am now visiting tbe reputed seene of war. truth, ta27,;drowsy sweetreason that there is no trfbreak it and that it can be kept togetherright up, desirable mode of by force. Whether that is adoingcitizens of the State of New-Jersey,called <hs tif'i.Debts are not, ami cannot be created by force ;if voluntaiilv entered into, the payment of the otlliga-that'sthaelyltickle the ears of groundlings. It was a Govern- more than one daythan those of Mexico.But if a new Confederacy were to be formed, I couldat the but waetnar capital,at the Convention to-morrow,Virginia; desire our to make jiiracy, and if not South Carolina does notand wouldVfrginlaicer-rid of us as soon asWhat may be the ititimate condition of thiogs, I do read what Ike papers lie sayingtheyoccasion with a nervous gra^p, anil guide the move- the Un:oi together, and can well afford to do ali t'lai pert^ormed the execjitions. Only" seize;has r.ever been out to join anyTsr-p-siw^^^^HibibbI oftoafter ka kad bent raatorad to Ms wmSmTmm-^-bat twM, daring, Jlat-foottd rtbellitiH, against, and treason It can be done by the system of buBylaa a«~lry and benefit of tlie achievement to herself,the may have a good and merry time of it She wiU is no occasion then for such remarkabletbe only question would Would it not be better to let;toup,'to readily as an ordhiary party at whist when-anyState,ment's notice to bring all these Tartentstobeariqwnthissubjecti lyoaan.7assto be toleratedonlysodrowsy-and requfres satisfy from cautious deliberation man froibut,;rsseaemakiag tka eaacral GoTaraaaqt xurtempt"lecalm delitieiation, relying more upon estaUl^g tka MlssoorrCBB^iWlsB HaasdeaftoallreqMBstrancawdBaekapM>. would yem oqllBaBfly trust, or do yon know anybody win would basBflUaB ta trust the existence or destrucUoa of tUs Naflaaal Givernment to the hands of those who til eitkor ofthese departments f Tbe world was not made in d» hour—it is not likely to be destroyed ia a dar i tkaaaposeas tscontemplatedandwa^people of virgiiila not to be la too great iilTbemorning calling a Union meettbg of the dtlxeat fto-Mayorwill issue his in tha proclanmtionCol.The indications are that Commodore Sneaios siffl be called upon to ^eside.ojer the CoBTaatiaB; that conservative speeches ^111 be atada ky Isat- -District,ALExiiKBBB,;country,talk to-night about the propriety «f si^ioiBttagjtlm..::a-W*« '-i-.^^ a rupture of the UniSB, bsaai^ I^Mfc, lpeat <empls oriibertyI «UI not stop to Inqab* BrtM ._;by doUais and tots tt&te^S'fekl- %^-^-:s^ Jffe-^^a^g^^fe^aa^Untitled Documentii^y^iSugub^&li&^B^i&ifi^ijiiT^r^ff-www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 