 VHB HJI'MVUWThe Board of AtdenDoen, last evening, received a.—fnaa tlia nominsthig Oinaoii J. message Mayor,lit.hate this alter- ~(•tWK<OMM ItyaMWMtmiT CommiaaioneT. The Board Uld the notntostionsEverybodywho knowsanythingof San Do- Boon,'bringingaadj fit'HHmti BpuiAAnerick. CalUbnU*, Oregon, W«*h- k«taB. British Columbta and the Smndwlch Ulandj,num, the sama as that of Judges of tbe Marine Courtticket paraded on such a platform could not'who patrolled by troiops seeus.(rrlday)ofsentiment of the coontiy. It may fumtafa them with ample means foriiitervened to seejli^^ihlrP.M. Tbe Mail doeet at tka Fot^oBoe at 1 o'clock.request. LaM, 'Beef, Bice, Bogan, Molasses,thabe that some of the more extreme men of the Sonth take this ground for tbe very purpoaeinaitoat wrapper, raady for mail- ^^S^Mltk^tPr- ''^TmO will Mnl is tiieir aidaniraXSA'CT** CTBATMI H»pi»» lo Oasm—Hops,dooUs daQy line ss M SDaB;4a if'Mot^f^kepaoer,'We need hardly dwell, furthermore, npon tiieA desparaU aftay oocBi«4 Mjti^'l^ mp» 'Sosdsy ptMediag the depaitiiw ef Iha aall, Ilto-I.»np*».them credit for a talent atbhindaiiagCity.pockets, oor good name, ourABDmoBAL BT THB arTKLUn|jH*nriMij>-iaa»B«»- nancestreets for thethe sprinkling of ••" »•differences ofopinion apon thia sub-;Arabstrying to convince them of their wUl,doubt,but. the diflferencel&WCT TffliTBl Jtttn Darn, •>The Abolition Orcsa.IjSliS o ^-~——0ABOXW—OOtO'S BOTAL AlIFBlnUTU _a>TMV».of thia" Internal Debt" This Inter-OABOSM—Tu OoioiMa.BUWUI T8XATXI—Haus o* Uis-Lothias—Eath- away upon a madness which is very fall ofmark sixty conaecotive times In hia target- tion is already causing the politicians on both whidi coopons will be received at the value of fumUtaes tbe foUowtng Items from Britiifc Cstaartrfaaana an Paracciao—taoa AaiuaAjrcx—Oood-Ki- <vsx> GnmaiuB.OWKBT THXATBB—Tn Hiart of Mis- [ui—Horasa Ooosa—Passt Oamit.method indeed. Tbe Herald la improving upon the egotistical tactica of the Chinese gourmand whom Cbablis Lamb describea aa setting biapractice.TamperiBK witb tke Park.Malloy's Station yesterday.question, attributing the just alarm and excite- luxuriates in civil dissension. His vital ment at the Sonth to the recklessness of New-sonal expenses each year. Vacancies dortng the term of office ure to be filled by the remaining Coramlsslon-there awaits the magic open sesame of civ-ustheresultswhich teauty.and careful reproduction of one of LAansua'sEngland andChinaislater,butnotimportant.We haveNightingales now, nor Havelocks, but a most ioyairancas deJan. IS.was revivingbusiness sugar firm ; freights nominal.anddodge of the Abolition organ is, as we have wiU be to state indeepaptators.-The intelligence from Indiaagitation;dailyexpirationCeanterfeltlas.Further news from Mexico represents the Lib- erals as preparing for a general actios with the troops ofMxBAMOR. They are posted in the Bar-John BrowncocsTxarBrrEKS.AUABT, Thursday, Jan. It.The several Banks in Albany have iwued a cir-cular to lorm an Association for the detec- proposingtion of counterfeiters. It is proposed thst each BaakAtenqoique,the advance of the Conservative chief. Themade a misdemeanor for any Commissioner to be di- generate days, is, as we have already very for the well-known "Monarch of the Glea.''wouldAll other modes of sectional irritation notof a bill to a Committee. Without further busi- ness, the Senate adjourned to Monday. Mr. Hind-HAX, of Arkansas, made tbe opening speech inthe Hoose, Southern and Demo- decidedly stronglycratic in tone. Subsequently Mr. COUAZ ob-tamed the floor, and by qaemons addressed to inAisc additional gall iato the already em-The weather is reported as hotcountry $64,000,000,cloud and cloak theand the enormous the eternal rocks. Tbe sense of space and of silenceThe question of the right of the Senate to legis-generalthe Pacific broods thronghont the canvas. On the narrow path-way which winds through flie formidable defile, the Albany is to be the central point of ths Assodatioa.resentatives was again debated in the former a diabolic ingenuity in bodyuponand de least 1100,000,000 annually. Of this trade the van. Flights of hiU-blrds lead the eye genUy awayTbe services of the officers are to be rendered gratisMwaia. RAKEaiuj.E and Bdshrt, elicited theccaCaaaiao that tbe Southern Democratic membershad iifiied a paper blading themselves to useersiy Faiflamentary resort to prevent a vote onthe phuality rale, until the expiration of the pres-bittered feeling of the coimtry, and aggra- vate its political evils. To this end itandto Lawrence is tfaereibre conaiderBd settled.;being sufficiently quickoperative,the lastis to be Blade not exceeding five doUan on eaah caa hundred thousand dollars of capital of VUb Baaks-ent Congress, unless some Republican candidate,who had not indorsed Hilpxb, should be substi-tuted for Mr. SHxauAK. An animated debate, in been a falling off of Southern trade, and it which Mr. Colfax took an able and prominentJohn E. Fbtb, Member of the State Senate Cmz, the United States take of the same sympathy with literary aspiration, artistic culture and from Worcester County, is saia to be Involved la theand fallowed tins disclosure. Louisiana has advanced to the side of South Canriiaa in the ranks of disunion. On Wednesday the Governor's Message was transmitted to theLelWatais, and in it were a variety of recom- eral sentiment and settledme|At1nps hostile to the Xorth; among otherstUMBe Stde should make preparations to meet whole section. The Herald pretends to think wS&the wpicsentatives of other Slave States, to that, by such base appeals to its cupidity andPark, from the Architect-ln-Chlef down to the is six times as as the distance between greatpart, accompaniedshoulder his old Queen Abbs's musket whenever he simplest ditcher, and these nominations would Mexico and the United States Gulf-ports, the bears so much as a salute from the guns of a moihentary irritation, be divided amongst the various members of commerce of England with Mexico is inore French man-of-war. But to ask the Albion newspa-eeoialt an tiie to be policypursuedat thepresent self-interest, the whole North is to bein for this discreditaUe state of things part;aWs. The -House aptly Illustrated its idea as toshakenfrom itsJaa. It. Caleb granted to-day an injunction in fi>- vor of Hobacs H. Dai, agaiast Otlrty-aeven Arau, re-whifOat to be, a reso-propriety andinducedconvic-Nxw-OaiXAire, Wednesday,policj ought by adopting lottap, aaiataimnK, among other dogmas, that thetodiscardat once itapoliticaltiie fact, that while England has girdled Spanish- America with steamers, her flag visiting moreJudgeulnwi— of a jadMUegrooDd of disruption.eo base as a when we that this eX' pun sayDorian mood of flutes and soft recorders." Thatthecircuit oftheSpanish-Americanseas,our Mrs.ExMSusiSmitb the is. Indeed,to thewill be HI; lOHuiciu, the Conimissioner dispatched byBepnbiicanPie^lencytions, and rush into the embrace of the pres-ent Administration, upon which haa b«en setanythingSooth Carolina to confer with the authorities of the seal of an emphatic and almost imiveraalmoat to draad. Alike by their ntimbera and their Toiaeity, they make themselves far moredeaey.of lor tha Praal- O'Cobob, New-Toik,wasm Bichmondreceived at theand made a lone ad-condemnation.Ita own cardinal politioalh^pyceremoniously yesterday,wife one of tbe most respectable and, in this particular, enviable ex-occupants of ttie Kecordet** chair of New-cap-dress. He analyzed the relations of the North and — being expressed —ofYlr^inia, itolC, Thtosday,Jan.It.the SouthCoqstitution are valueless for the protection of the Sooth; and that without others, it would be nec-her theCortez of modem Mexico. The Tork City, cannot be denied"And these have smaller still to Ute 'em.And so proceed ad infixitvm. a change in the conditions imder which oor nature fulfilled In all Its bcautlfol tation In Congress is believed to have gre^atly ooe-; declared that the of the guaranteesline mends deney.Cbabustot the South to recede from the Union. He dweed with the suggestion that a Southern CotuMuiipn be forthwith called.heaaraadprbmotionastheharvestofhisspeechat ^fi Academy of Music. A Southern prmt has changescondition of a re- City Father, Indeed, closelyeaaarfcarried to England rather than to Ameri-ca, simply because we would make no pro-vision for taking them. The terms of Mr. Mc- tlons, which whisper always In soothing accents the untiappily terminated in Insanity. He was taken yes-Coramitteeef tka Whola,aadwaa ardeted to a vOURrofXMQtwcipreeeoteautnvorofarrontot-the Deiio.T«ii by any aveiwali.4tfatfa»toigtf>ttr^*ML^ ^» eii»ir««lHjfctoreTei^aepiitS«r8rWrt'''«'»«^^«« o«iffl»aVrtgB«r"w|-"tqgrjamlysigntheirpoUUmldea^wteraat. Mr. Cox impossible—that aU entertain fix ofuatHT polltiplans_i(a|ta> ttcOtt* TUOUB fur»>MH«r, "i T--1TTmnliiili CommMoMm, aMBoBT. B. BaADroanforWU IINtUMaiMV.r-TOBK raaM'?»• nw-TOBKmatB'(W«kir)-TM dmum •,<iM«l(H|Wi,IWt»—llT>«lillMAlf rata CM tflMMy <!'«•, «ate •»-oftbe North oference to theKUSKTTH—Aftemeoa—TiOBT Rofx Pxi- neighbor's boose on fire to roaat a pig' for his -Tna GoLsui FAana. ETenlnc—Tki own dinner. Inc^able of talking common -Tmbi Bora PmowAiou. sense with common decency, our frantic co-fAFBrJU.AS>Mas.TABMHBon'sDsAXAno temporaryistryinghisbeattomakenonsenseIt is always doubtful whether it be not a tbe a moment's the paper money of Babz, at the ^rate of meeting of a new House elected under the Itniiiesia Legislature against affording Utlon act of ISM.waste of time to discuss the merits of the countenance to any scheme which promises, one spede dollar represented in the cou- Foot British men-of-war were Aortly expected at "bills" which find their way into the New- directly or indirectly, to sacrifice the Park, as pons for every five hundred national dollars Victoria to reinlotce Admiral Baux's fleet, vis.: (to'AT BOUDOIS, Ko. 4M Bioadwar—Good roB ~raoa SuTxx»—WoMAa'a Wkdu.suuil. Butno supply session ever passes in which little bits of mis- us for the loss of it.mflmreTON,hall, WiUUnubDrgli—Diattoh'sOiAttAJI AMFHItHXATBK—K«uuiii4> Fiaroait- outcries the more violent those outcries be-and not acquitted will also be received by the made t2,000 In three weeks. •BUfcMBttABDBC—Ta> Ammmh * 0«.t MriAtwii. IIAIXXMr—Saoia Oaamri^or OmSN—BMOoa * MHMf^ PAim- aBoan or WAsanraaoB Axas an Was."eg^ra- would fiimiab forth a hundredglowlacties had arrived from the tipper CaUBa aal ^Riatiy,Slenelkameeo, all of whom eooibiB prsviOBs ispiiiliof stock.The Govenmient fiirthermore declares that, No one doubted Mie existence efdehfidd dpsslls oato prove that Northern men are all 4H|Anr •ALLXST—Me. Mi Bnadwar-PAUoal fanatics and traitors, and that Southern men areunder theof some'TaWaBEiaAntTa.''NEWS OF THE DAY.all madmen and fools; that tbe former are all engaged in a violent crusade against Slavery in the States where it exists, and theannoyance. Between the blunders of block- be advantageous to the interests of tbe coun- as the $10 paper bUls of Ex-President Bbola all the streams trlbataiy to the CoInadAiSlvecea tkame Anglo Saxon, after a tardy voyage, reachsd latter in a wholesale tbeAT SieaBOBB, Wedaesilay, Jsa. 1&The dates thus received ex-tend to Jan. 5. Severe weather is reported to rightsconspiracy againstposed uponthe latter, now become they mayFoitlaodyeatetdi^.luTS liaited the English coastsnjuaber of marine disasters reported as i""'urriiig tibste or elsewhere on the trans-Atlaiitir side, a Handier had been experienced by Americuu ship-TbeConfederacy.quences that must ensue if ever this rigma-the military. The nstlOBsl and Tliylnia waved lagst«alaoMiic addreas ot the Papal Nuncio, that his anyobjeat waa the restoration of " confidence and ciouscredit to uproar theyits reckless and menda- deal of mischief with very little noise, ia just in the nation blind to the value ofthe acquisition, must be excited to insurrec- now going on in the form of a bill introduced which might never have been developed to thisinto tbe Assembly by Mr. Walsh, to amend day had not the instincts of tbe American settlercan statesmen.;and of a largehave in view, nothing but extreme vigi- sands of the public, merely because the very paper-money of the actual Administration.It is easy to conceive the disastrous conse- lance on the part of the Members and the Press name of Mexico has become odious in their This arrangement was to be submitted to over the building. He wfokm four tasora t» ias-news is of interest. On Xew roleinto tbeour ordinary rehitions and interests in life upset when California was ceded to us, tbe same ber, and has doubtless ere this become theNorth upon the South, and the rise Ab aadjragnasafpafcrn" Ae phrase greatly reassured tbe publicntind, disturbed by rumors that the project of a tion, under the delusion that the masses ofTke AIMoa Print far ISM.From a date whereof the memory of the TtMBS, flocnce and right In Oe eonfederacy. He vtgti. aCoDBTSsa bad been abandoned. Our latest dis- the ;North would join them in their forcible iMitchascorrectthisstatement. Thedayofmeet-relations vrith the Norto.Ur.MiwxGKx was llstoied to with Intense Inlsiaitthroughout his long diaeoBise.LaaUaasi Ijectalatave. FKZFAKATI0B8 rOB A DIBSOLlTIOir OB TEB ITlnOa.ft todto jio ^mOM.' A v«Mr bf bUlslatiao vriUitlKM»«hohaUU,lbarwouUpoblic 8er*t(«,*atfwUA*adeii in efficiency> '«« **••><•**•* '"ber' of thevniMU^S7M&«iM.warelottodocedoraovaaceda stme, before the Honse a^^med.-Btt*HttleStatemayhateagim «BBoflocalImpoiiahcersuif,jj BBPABan'-wtiM MW'nnowa^uaaiKprohibitingthe J" A existingFn^eotupon the Demoeraticexample to oor fellow-dtizena of MississippLThe Pike's Peakiiyyipwjaii^CTdof n>eltingpurpose »"•snow^between them is as asthedifferencebetweenhavingandnotAdvloes from Monataia City aped tfe* IcommnnlcsUon (mm the Counsel 'o C«POTM- tion, setting forth the presentIgnoreParty doaUe-dealing baiytofaetionr^rtrwas placed on file.The re«>lntiaDand indecency marketable by frightening the North into a pecuniary ague, and soaring the South into a social fever of fury. Tbe more his neighbors demonstrate the abstirdity of hisually receive the Governor's signature is al- tions. No party triumph can either lu markable proportion to available cash in thocome. Tbe daily pyrotechnics of thisoppositionbearing the face of specie dollars at the rate and all of wfaooi eatartalaed Westminister,ordinary journal Feasts of Lanterns.The burden of its ceaseless diatribes is everthe same:year,operationcarefullyin to the richness of tbe aiass regardlathat laghiaject, and to conditionofAeM- tothewell-foaadedPaiz.pU>"C» J"*"' tommitt*^the Herald, was amended so as to provide that the the anddecided majority. Tbs aeaanl tii|iiiis^MlilafcmrVUliHMMr. MM,lm«npf*n>*sv-TauTmai. refused to have anything to do with the matter.as moch aaforinonlysuchacasewdoldin- TheonlyconnectiontheCommonCoancil courseofnatore.the Spanishinvestlg^and they have bat these two points inweFoadt army had been definitely placed upon a ity of tbe South against such an act of folly shall repeat the summary of its provisions, is a dawning hope now discernible onnifbeingbetterthanhisword. After his obligingpeacsand instruction of a specifically literary kind, be has invariably astonished them oa New-Year's Day withBia at last been gained by the Spanish army in themselves are too sensible to be deceived by Morocco. Ontbe1stinst.Gen.V&ntattackedthecommon-sensePark act, provides that the Park " shall be imder the do as good service in the case of Mexico, tbe Albion know that tlilt agreeable weekly bas al-andcompellingthemtoabandon offonwhitemen. Thiswe the field in confusion. Tbe news from EnglandNxw-OsuABs, Wodnssday,great alanghter,presume, however,ways maintained a high rank in the strictly criticallacks importance. The Conservative organs had the Herald does not believe. For the pecu-theyhavealreadyutedtotheToryleaders. TheReformbillofthecertified by the President and Secretary, mere scheme forfour millions of truth to say that the prints which hare succeededby Noifli-•He seems to take a morbid, almost insane, de-sBet tM mAting of Parliament. The faneral of light in the distractions and convulsions of so- eil tmi appnvtd by llu Mayor. Tbe present Conimis-Ministry is promised to be produced immediatelyagainst designing might be safely referred to to-day as illustrations of em goods, amounting an absolote prohibition.Cl|( JKm-t!«at Wmw, Jtftttg, lamung 80, i«60.totion which was very awesaarr, aa the Councilman interfere against the will of the people of hands.theyspeakCommittee should consist of Aldennaa onlyac-;lightdutyCongresspocsiblethe Aldenoeo, and paseed a resoluttoo recom-wwtkloaaata F«,Dearer CMr, IsastgMalsr— a TerritoryA demand lor maU faellltSes with Kew-Hcxiee wwceDslblr felt, ovrtng to tbe twscattaatweoonBtilea. Thr ilitanrs fttf teaiailizedcommerce, ter;hispoliticalfaithanimpartialmis-men.Thewagesandsalariesoftheemployesareto indicationsbreath ishisfooddisas-en but on ,of term by the Uayor and Alder-givinginteresttoBank Nere noFlorenceASeOCIATIOKorBABESFOBTHBDBTBCTIMIOFanthropy. Theconspiracy was give him a real revolu-but aU employes, except poUce, are soon as shall be into force.to be appointed and controlled by the Commissioners, The commerce of Mexico, even in these de-a godsend to himsix thousand strong, await- tion, and his dearest earthly wish would be sat- and all rules and regulatlonj made by them. It isThis pic- ture Is in every respect a fine companion-paintingIt represents, like that admirable composlUon, a wild,isfied, and hebe ready todepart inpanic," " decline of trade," &c., &c., 4c., form ib. CKUU8 O'Cosok is in a fair way to reap the staple of its daily reiterations, and theus that hepot mward his name for the Presidency;rung uponand at a finite disgust of every right-minded manrelations, filial,Give the Park up to the City Government, trade with Mexico may hereafter be carried on, eoajugal and auitemal. They are, as their author trlbuted to thUmost deplorable r«yltTnnrttoi nf colored citizens In Prince-street last in the commnnity. An elevated senti-at Lawrence, adjourned on tne 18th. It is under-ataad^that the Governor will at oi>ce issue a callteinLtKtra session, which will be held at the lat- But the millenarians, we•" P^"^ "* 'iet.m that the minersand intrigue. That we are fully war- Island Smelting-Works,^Galeaa aad CfcJeaga 9»Ormmit. CmcAOO, Tkoraday, Jan. It.neid Is Iboked as a decided expres- upon popularpursuesociety, of fomenting strife and urg- case,Ealliwad de- ye^ordayTM favor of a orgsnliatlon of Jeffer- "J?" separatepassionsingpation," which wiUbe gone when calmer coun-the circulation ofAssay country.sons toaready woman's heart and tasteful mind.The Galena and Chicagok Mew-perwioes, the particulars of which are not given.2^crtretiinit^--.y-!f5^?.-^^-i-and Has received from tbe Mexican Govern-cattle train was thrown from the track on Tuesday AFIra la ClevalaadCisvatABB, ThBr»day. Jaa. it.the bara, wa^" • liri"n»g "o'f "sfp'c-ci^i importance or Interest debate in the House, on leHcUe;d.Insurance, •«,000.iTheJQMnen's ExemptionTorabJy jeeteiday m the Sute £1" "^^^"^that an"irrepressible conflict" isbe- this a ripening Cityfor disease.two theSInrkcis by Telacrapk- Nxir-OauuHS, Wednesday, Jan. If,, CoTTOK stifi'er, but quoutions unchanged »'),;ii ,„r ^•preycatechism of Boards are more virtuoiu than those of last tions which most follow immediately upon theNotaries, to act as Comt^srae?."sideration of all thoee statesmen who do notthojtongpa«>«d. In Committee of the Whole, thefor the Charles-dictates the of proprietyoffor some tan-orderedtheliill relativetoappear to cling with tenacity to the doctrine oflegisia- tive protection of gltreiy in tbe TsnitgriM,oor wishtosacrificeagreat,substantial,en- InSt.Louisthanwooldba Iaordertodo supposed.«""J"^ MlddUng. l5J40.eM>»^ ».ripsi Comuiittees to a third The i«adlng.toatrivial momen- Inadditiontothis,wemusttakeiatoaooonat taryadvantageofpartyorelfaotioii.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Citv ItaitraadMU was discussed by th» Assembly, iiFathers beforex«ding everythingtask.duringnational advantagebales-to fuiiy fclx, T«r« V^ ^ «»«'"»nearlyPossibly.h« 4/baisYork, and amoidiDg the Registry u'v?°^Bn.^T« petaiatent,enlarge Clinton Prison, and to protict the nr J Mr. Cabtxb, eUdted responses from the North- of married women, were Introduced ; and h,iu^^^ em and Soathera wings of the party whichoiBailroadslnthe"cu'if ratherimpertinent,;noblest works—" The Deer- Pass.""peace," leaving chaos in full blast behind him. connected with the Park.iii(GoTemment of Yncatan is about to rcsmue opera- tions against the Indians.Advices from Havana, by the Dc Soto, extend to;terms that its re- late prior to the organization of the House of &p- said, to create a financial panic. It exhausts sult, if adopted, would be to phu:e the Cen-the South toyestwdsy, and practically solved, by the reference the general and systematic adoption of the and after that bothdeer are clustered—their in the many-antlered kingfatuous and suicidal of commercial policyby Englandto be positively disgraceful to the enter-stirring uptral Park during the next three years defacto,pro- scription, in the hope that this may arouse aproportioning distance. The engraver has followed the nervous, With expressivepencilofhisauthorwithsingularfidelity,LBAVBavaaia, Wedaaaday,huntsinstance in which orders have been withheld from Northern commercial houses, or there hasMexico 138,000,000annually.upparadeswith infinitegusto everyupwithoutappealingtoanysecUonal orpoliticalwould fain create the impression that a few acts of folly into which some Southern menwhilethedistancebetweenEnglandandMexico theAnti-Napoleoniceraseofliiscountrymen,andtofor hundred dollars. street, thirty-fiveFlr« at Ctaelanati.CmcuaATi, Thursday, Jaa. It.from six to ei^t thousand dollarsIadisi«nibker Oaads Aaother lajaaetlaa.have been in a betrayed,are to be taken as indications of the gen-per to be wiser than Albion herself, would t>e absurd A ;creeddollars, cents and mills it has no idea thatown is and peacefultoonly Panama,in the brief formula any one else can have any principles which dothan the smaller body of their leaders and chieftains, uponnot a representvalue. "distress," money sembles that of the flea, of whom Swirr tellsmonetary cial revulsion," " financialCommer- "Tke laaaalty •t Haa. 4Hark& 4 AiBABT, Thotaday,but witnesses before Muni ton Convention. SouthernSenateBufiSctlng Indigentof ondisunionOffice Amail- Common CotmcD exercises any sort of con- line of steamers, to leave Mobile and New-arethem to the in-Lamx'btreatypromise;the to the Utica Asjlom, where It is hoped sfclllfiil daypolicy of theandduewe can heartily rejoice in his prosperity, and wish aim many long years oftbe same.Mrs. BauaeUae SadtVs Fmbbs.We trust we shall not be suspectad of intending^dyifeji taftpfei a« the_ * Domiago mmi her Debt*.of Ohio, Mr. MoClbbsajib of DUneU, and Mr. inbrsd conviction ttiat they are entifled soul, aftd 'Sfiii Domingo has honorably dlsttn-HwitnHoLHAB of Indiana, aflln&ed their adhealm to when in office to a certain amoont of guishedhersell'in our age of repudiation by re- of the Crotou Aqueduet Popular Sovwvignty, and deprecated the effect patronage, to be exercised without any ref- solving to pay her debts. We commend heranyidhered to lu former action In regard to ">»««- not etaay to see any way of raoonclUng the mate consequence of their election. There is mingo haa tieaid of Babz. Cardess persons JefleneoTanttgnto the in hit,iBrPartyMM*mOMM.Hra«u mt on tha table by a test vote,-llto6. The Boufl departnre from the Cindonati Platform. It is viceser. that in short this patronage is a legiti-Too as well mightthe msfli City aad Salt Lake, •e,Wthem wouMtheerror.persuade Bar- justified In plno- greatcharge—That Board adopted the tax levy aa amended by tervention be necessary withoot experienc- bss had so far with tbe Park, has been theInciaaJagiiiigMsiiiyVlsly," and without exciting much public atten-subject oftry;at work In Oiat aeigkborhMd wllkElections had been beld fai the is iiisiaWa <a iofpredons thingscommon,thatBabz, In his days of power, issued paper mo-mending tbst tbe Legislature shoald make the ing a Waterioo defeat, they will find themselves power of voting the money. They would im- ney, like the Emperor of Anstria and other po- than fnm ladcpaadssee, tha pmssni alvliac pataC Siil TdOB *«tt CAtWORJiiA, designed for clrcn- salaries of District Court Judges (4,000 per an- laboring under an egregious mistake. A qoestionably have made even this a means of tentates. In the days of bis disgrace, San Do- aad the fonDSTiaate bas a liae of aattlaaaals ateac (toevery daybe fixed by the Common Council, and to be paid only must flow from Mr. McLank's conventions so;In current coin they fairly putrectly or Indirectly Interested in any work or contractfrequently set forth, of immense actual value.The official estimate of exports and imports mosses areThia is Mr. Walsh's "little amendment.'' The best way of discussing its merits, perhaps,for the year 1858 reaches a anddeep rolling vaporsrifts of era, &c. If more funds are required, aa aaisssiiiiiiilperiodjure, in the hands of the Mayor and Commonabsorbed is so vast as from the foreground over the Tustness of the gloom-Ian. \% The Territorial LegisUtnre sdjonmed ssac iUCouncil. IfnoactionoftheCommissioners retaliatory spirit in the North, and thus were valid until the Common Council and priseto-day, the general underatsading belac that tha Oav- and the picture Is a success, which the subscribers of enor wiU eonveae it pmala-Mayor course,had confirmed it, thewould be that the ustial division of thewoolddistantsteam from Vera Cruz, Eng- antly deserve. It Is tbeir just reward for believingwouldbemade. TheAStareSenator witk Ckmrge4Corporationgrant its sanctions and approvals in exchange fortbeentirepatronageofthePark. Inother wortls, these bodies would insist upon having the nomination. Of every employe on theFarceiy* Bosioh, Thotaday, Jaa. 11.spoilsWith New-Orieans lying at three days' sail from Vera passions, on the broad Catholic ground ef a generalthe two Boards and tbe Mayor, according toIt istire at 2 oyiockwooden buildings, situated on tbe comer of SycamoreHassmallerfleasthatonhimprey.soradicalandwholesome tenderandtouchingemotionsofdomesticlifejoys and sorrows proper to a well-balanced womanly treatment may restore his reason. Tbe exciting agi-de factoconsequence,twenty days byland takes of the official trade-valuation of vrlth our contemporary, that an Interesting record oftheworld'sevents,fromweektoweek,maybemadeour in Ward politicianstakingandof Southampton,ofthis her nearesttbe rules in force withall aimilar casea. The Park would at once beconverted into an asylimi for all the bullies,pugilists, grogshop-keepers, "loafers" and but its most potent source is to be sought in acotmdrels ef every kind and degree, to whmnthe majority of the present members of theCity Qoverament owe their election.-,fully Insured.evejiiii(: he was suggested as a proper appoint- ment, a word of honest conviction, the and it would simply become a reservoir out of that while the matter is still pending, preparsr styles them, " household lays," painting the world ofment to a seat on the bench of the Supreme Court citeraal nature. It is true, as well as the altar of of dwtMted States. discussion of a principle, yould be so out of which the laborious voters would be paid for tions are making to seize the precious prizes home, but dwelling upon every theme in that or-The Legielatoie of Kansas, which has been sit- place in tliis journal as to cfeate a universal their services in the past or coming election. of enterprise at the eariiest possible moment dered, loving spirit which oaly a true aad quiet Hon. Cbablbs A. Mabb, Prorfdeat of il^e Onei- ting, the minority at Lecompton, and the majority surprise. It would seem a prodigy of nature, In short, the whole institution la which we We have already called attention to tbe ar- home-life caa devel<v. Many of them found their da Bank, died suddenly la thta eity to-day, ef apo-through the Home Journal, plexy. Hewastal84(laBieiBb«oftJsA-«>TMWyj*for at first into the world and we should think the miOeniumwas at band. now take so much pride, and which has ex- raogements making the establishment of a wayover which the Into~^^X3. .i.'""=°"nter between two gangs of fles- sels and a better temper prevail, and when trol. It would be folly to rely en tbeinflnence Orleans four times a month for the circuit of BOAB.-By the loosening of a wheel of a car attached•TO Territory. The news which this mall brhigs rj" "'".Lake is unimportant, the only item beingto theend.It is lago's"occu-else in thismimlcipalitytheclared a dividend York Feb. IS.ofthreeperaeat., ^payabledid not restrain their prede- BaiAKCBsABEAoroB THz DuiocBACv. ^The cessors from refiising to appoint a City In-threaten anythingharmony Democratsan far aoie BBmeroas at this UaieStConoB haa advaacad ic.; Xe «J«Wednesday,of and soleaving monthsperThese things are hut the premonitory symptoms of the vivid movement in our Mexican rela-were in It fell through the door, which was forcedand were drowned, while others were Irilled open, bythe force of the concussion.The St. Louis papers state that the severity of to fully fair. FriegMon Cotton to tbe present Winter, ths stagnation In business, andthe very limited demand for labor, have caused agood dealofdlstreasasKeg the poorofUie city. Thetween tbe two aections of the The to filth and Democracy.present«~2 to-day, 14,000 bales. ScoAadullat Tc«rSie., "S"— indicatesopinionovercontract aubsidy of $120,000 annum. distance ot tnlrty feet. A number of the cattle which Lo«, $15,000S. "TBaaiua.PubUcspector in {dace Mobtoh,fire this morning destroyed houses and stock of fun and pelts ofyear, but voters must still have their " cakes establishment of the conventions negotiated and ale." At all events, common prudence by Mr. McLaxx. They merit the serious con-IJver?oo^j*;JJ5;waitinggible proof the moral improvement ofditto,letainatowardsallevUrfiaBthewantsoftlieneedy,le geaWsicn have uadertaken to solioll aid frost 82,000Mr81ghV««„^«~nt^^^.^..M«.Uy«<*•* *ntitlhed Deocumentmentaflemoon, while crossingbridgeCharlesthat theyarenotfstattafeto.withregardtotheWestWashta|tofiMar- anddishonesty. IfSoutherngentlemenex- deringwrecksandenslavingcrews. Itis havingacoldinone'sbead. Pasa,ofVene- tbequestionoforgaoMngill rniiiitHs.alij—the pect to go into the next Presidential madness to rely cm their honor or consden- zuela, ia one man Babz, of Saa Domingo,an- Provisional kssB a OoTenBO«Bt,kad vntsd'^BwatttointtOAUVOUrUk v^UAMaa Dm chartes against the Common Council, pteferred by campaign upon a platform which recognizes tiouaness. Our only safety lies in keeping otherreceive one electoral vote north of Mason and ance of the Commissioners to their n|«im» trouble and damage ofadvance of i cent, ff ft.. Flour and Wheat were Dixcm'a line. We do not cate, at the present would throw the laborers out of employment, had put faith, and bad indeed been obliged Spring snperl^ (o that of last yeat^ aaA flgiaalsmany foreignersanpe dnrtn* the pMt fortulght, wUl be Inaad less freely dealt in. Prfces of tbe former tended time, to ugue the matter, but It ia oor province and damage the Aldermen and CotmcUmen to pot faith, in its legitimacy. England and sre cantlsDad sgslast taUag ta* (aa4 aafssv^id.TMAn active demand for Gotten prevailed, at anAn eatigratlaB is ej-^AjnericmnlTenUtaMovnica, bi unpla ttnu for tk* downward. Com was heavy and drooping. Cof- -itUmUie,wUcblaUaIkrAv^nv^U<* fee,Pork.WhsIeboi)eandWhiskywanlabetter^t^nelmgu complete DlgertofFranceon aad on the 12th of December last the Baeahaa^iBBMBltnlr-hr Im eader in rates, with a freer supply outside <» Bsnk. To suppose that they seriooaly urge the ad(^ been so far cfaaracterised. The administration recognize the paper money emitted by Babz, mortally aad HsB>nraMasU(hltyw«BBdad,aaaaa<>-an fanpromment io most of the Bailways and inPacific Hail shares. The market for Money gtt>ws inevitable fat the event of their poUticalAboUtioniatCity aticka atontfy to ita eongenial work ofmanufactaring a commercial and pditical panic. Argiuo'ot ""^ lidicule are alike thrownTheincendiaiyorganand entitled thegiveworthydecorated with a aUver medal for missing the atter. The approach of the Presidential elec- by coupons falling due in January and July,to give a &iir and tnithfbl r^resentationpditicaUy.would, however,thereuponright;poblicaarrying their objects without any such risk.theist of Februair,and Naval Stores were less inquired for.The Stock Market yeaterday closed steady, with of hastening the- crisis which they proooimee importance of snstabiing the honesty and Powers.OilsFreights were quiet.known Aspinwall.HavanrfCBABiaaiaa,Mr. Walsh's bUldonesidestosmacktheir overthetit-bitwhich theirfacein lipsand Oregon, In addition to those btm withallowanceforinter- telaci^hadTork Legislature, as, fortunately for the State, everytiiing else in this ill-fated City has been represented In the money oftbe Ex-President;CUo. 22 guns ; Hav, 19 guns ; To/az, M gam, aad Cottaek, 20 guns.the proportion of those brought in which event- sacrificed, to the interests of contending fac- this money having borne the above rather re-most always very comfortablychief are not "on the perpetratedDominican Government in exchange for cer-The Mexican Treaty.which has thus far beenput the whole commtmity, for at least one been of a mainly partisan character. It has tional dollare for every dollar of the certificatestion. ATbeareof their faith infreshpresent year,of purely Jotunallstic main of naturalinto thattotal of overcontraband trade carried onfrontier undoubtedly swells this amoimt to atjudgmentcountry. harbor,than three times heavier than our own. The blunders of American, and the skill of English diplomatists in the past, may doubtless accountthis morning destroyed five noUoos, and Fifth streets, Iwlonglng to HxiraT Nicaeia. Leesthansteam between Havanapublished volume of verses, from the pressstraining their selling conugatadindia-rubbergoods.out of theirbothtongue, and are both Ex-Prealdents Out of theIexigencies of the publicno use in no oonfiMnd this statesman with Lake to Dec. 3ft>^little oversight or neglect onthe part of the better disposed mem- aroused in this country to the ratification of of dollar for dollar, and bonds bearing the &ce antlclpatlont of Qie yield of gold as eoaiiac aeaaoa. bers of the body is often sufficient to Mr. McLaxe's recent treaty with Me:dco has of paper money at tbe rate of five hundred na- Tbe Dalles (Oregao) Jmmtl says that sevatal psi-been assumed that no treaty negotiated imder concocted device for their spoliation and Mr. Bdchaxak's Administration could possiblyheads who meddle with things they do not try or the worid ; and this presumptive argu- Moba, issued before those ot Bakz, were not west and north._understand, and the tricks of knaves ment against the most important achievement induded in the prohibition of circulation im- Mr. niewlaKCT»a AMmwho never meddle with anything with of recent American diplomacy lias been tooand interests of tbe Northern half of the out knowing exactly what object they commonly accepted without inquiry by thou- ctirrent, and be received as equivalent to thecan insure us against having two-thirds of ears. It is well,however, to rememberthat theDominicanSenate on the 19thofDecem- menaecrowds. Hedts<.il>edHiesteadyIsestoftheishould, by any chance, getTw*! day, at the imperial reception, Napolkos hands of any of the more restless and intel- and deranged every Spring. One of the most in- general disposition to think slightingly of all law of the land. It reflects no little credit alike relatlans with the North, aad showed that tha^a(.politicaloUtlonlam. Hedivwadreary[dctaraoftheirinLntteiw the anticipated oracle, upon which ( faaain die &te of Europe. He declared, in answer ligent slaves of the South. If they give genious of these attempts at effecting a great Spanish-America,made the most intelligent men on the skill and on tbe honesty of the Domini- antees of the ConstitatigB wasa powBileas to paatesttbe South. TheSooamnstmskisadamaad fgrasw gnaraatees if the Union is to be ptasei rsd, oc aisa make concession after concession, till they toss aU krthe Central Park Act In order to avoid doing been considerably more catholic than the at least, ninseth not to the contrary, our contempo- CoBveaticm of tbe Souttaem States to coastdsr theirof thisiceoffooting. A great and decisive victory must be in the hope that the slaves which we published yesterday, and which we the horizon, we are glad to believe, sabsciibera with a twelremonth of entertainmentsoughtis fixed in the middle of next month. The effort to obtain their freedom. Tbe only secur- the promoterproposition injustiee,prejudicesrary of the Albion bas persevered In a pleasant prac-believe to be substantially correctmercantilethat theBiain body of the enemy, defeating them with such silly stuff as the Herald attempts to palm Mr. Waub's bill to amend the New-York Central enterprise of the American people may a refined and delightful engraving. The readers of:control and management of a Board of Commiasion- asJas. 16. In the Louisiana Legislature to-day the Gover- world, and they hare therefore be«n proportiona'}ly nor's message was read. It recommexals that Hmeis to eonaljit of not less than seven nor more thanbeen obliged to repudiate the draft of a Reform niary motive is not the only impelling power of eleven tersons, a majority of whom shall be a quo- fornia. While party manoeuverers are doing exacting in their expectations of its own artistic State be prepared to meet Us sister States of the Sontabill poblished in a London magazine, and attrib- our to his course. cotemporary incendiaryrum," nit no action of the Board Is to be final their best to blacken the Mexican Treaty as a achievements. But It is due to justice and simple m Convention in case of certam contlagencies *vaiailfliim by bath hrancket of the Common Cowt-conjuringdlscrlminationsmut eanctu rtddollars into thepocketsof someeach other from its press daring the last few year*lceaElng,aiid inflicting toLoid Kacai;i.at was to take place on the 9th inst. ciety. A healthy and normal condition of the .akmers are continued is oSice for three years. Tbe Democratic cabal, the far-sighted, practical the gradual but decided progress wtilch the art of ea- The House passed a joint resoluUoD, declaring tkeTbe remains were to be interred, with imposine mind would be insufferable to President and Treasurer may receive salaries, bat no men who know what Mexico is, and what a graving has l>een making on this side of the AtluUc.Harper's Ferry afiair an attack on tbe rights and privi- leges of the Sonth, and alleging that the hostility at tbe North and the election of a Bepoblicaa Preaidant will cause a dissolution of the Union.spiemnities, in Westminster Abbey. The London public absolutelyban been chronicles of the burin as faithful, exact and Impartial as could be asked for. With tbeTimet returns to the discussion of the Slavery him. He revels in discord and strife. He other Commlisloner shall receive over $300 for per- vast treasure-house of wealth and jirosperity Theyof the American There politician.anddone in the case of Cali-dxty porta bythese paraaitea whmn the Civic Treasnry has and Vera Crux, Carthagena and Panama, in of Messrs. RcDs ft Caiutox, breathes throughout the Ckarica 0>C«a«r NsaalaaKii tn tka Preat-formidable to thewhom the public wrath habitually falls. The ores of Sonora and Arizona have been we quote would rise to the mind la speaking of hertax-payerSteam has madewill i»- cited so much admiration, both at home and direct line of steamers between New-York andceive no such confirmation of their theory. abroad, woold be converted into a mass of cor- Vera Cruz, by way of Havana. At the Staten they arenowendirlBedis like glancing througli the His age was 47 years.apprehend,theis the condition of everything ceived, and passing through our proved bypeace is restored to the country. of public opinion to restrain thia body. tbe Mexican Gulf, has already been organized, to a train on ths Boston and Worcester Railroad, a—~a^wearaHn at work, indnstrionsly Imptoving thenuJd leather. An election which bad just been of appealing to the aelfish intereata and baser lantad la auppoaing that aoch would be the em Mexican Coast are beginning to be re- abode of quiet luxury and giaoeful truth, where ArtTbe Herald willcourae of agitation, ruptionores of the West-window of someand Nature are combined to minister their purest les-itaopenpleasant country-tuiuse, the;separate political OTgaafsalka by mA Csi^imi^mijobbery, if they did not know that the resist- mingo repodlated this currency, to the great whole aztaat ofthe roots, aad wooU aot nqtdia la - be to cOHier ItMM.tion of this doctrine as a party test, with aay pf this work biM been a boon to the property giving in exchange for It certificates of a six eral others received trttiag laJarlea hope of its indorsement by the coontiy, is to holden, as well as to all other iniiabitants per cent, stock, to be created for that purpose,ability by which tbe caodact ofthe Park has The Dominican Government binds itself totwo beads of demvadpeaof thethe Boman soldier wliem QaLusra health and comfort, are all iatereeted in theOorquestion was settled by a solemn protocol be- tween the BepoUlc of San Domingo and those.'nal Debt is to bear interest asLani, WtBamtKr, Jan. U.specie,the control of three or four thousand working- est, in payment -of all costoms dues. These The House <^ Assembly of Taneonver's Istaad dto-men may afford. But we warn the poblic and coupons will be given in exchange for solved on tbe ISth of December, prapatatary to tkaMinerswhohavearrived at VietoriafroBfte perPraaerreportricbergolddbooverlssttas| with a beautiful public garden, or compensate days of Babz himself. Bonds issued by Babz month than during airy former period, maayourreverts frorathe unchangeable do-contemporarythe fieldabove, payableSi.The Overiand msfl readied hen to-night, aadUp-Coarse gold has been found In ma^ piaeas, aa& " seme claims paid tlcbly writliont £he aid of qaiekallnb tificates of the new Internal Debt ;" bonds Many mlneix would whiter at DoBglaa, Tals, Bspaprecipitous, solemn gorge of the fTlghland hills. The joining shall pay ten dollars sabacrlpttaa 6> form aof aagainst conoectioii with Kansas.with nbslstcBcs. T&s Plks^ Peak pssywlU.tn^raa^Jkalp^i^f^tl'iMr. MnmrSBB was escortedtothe es^td byfavorsthe of tlie North retaliating upon hostilityon the mountain sides—the fund for otTering rewards for the detec&on ef olTpad ridingimmediately byspecialthe Albion—let us say |t without compliment—abund- malion. Tbe difficult arising from ths adjoaraaMatamount less than $9,000,000. In other words, humane common sense all the world over. Our only crime of forgery, and yesterday resigned his seat ia quarrel with our neighbor is, that he is apt to fall into the Senate. The alleged forgery is on a ira In Paart>to recognitioncontemporary of hisright is, and hisqulsitelyouras natioiuklltywith allbut the Miltonlc book, just as asturally, had her husband been an Ex-or an Ex-General ofpresses the prevalent temper and time of her produo-Jan. Oi Hon. CI.ABK B. Cochbabb's severe flhwas hasUtfoiArtillery. It exactly ex-theimportant port privileges, with a mail- River. The first car was precipitated to the ice, aACCIDBKT ON THB BOBTOK AHD WOBCESTEB BAIL-;tbe very name ofwhlck most hints at their 1850a State Sanalor, aadJud beaa ?»-««» "^ «*•s^y spe- Company. cificmerits. Totnmtheleavesofthebookinwhich New-Vork,Aa>aByaBdBBfcloTelafiaphetai dnzlng the faataIfcaInglJatatii Tirslaia.8.The Augusta, (Ga.,) CmutitnHonaiut recom-Deatk af Ckarica— >sv*B CtmrMaamJA.UnoA. Tharsd^-Jan. It.Ii www.fultonhistory.com 