 "*».">» r'rht" a* J-.be cam *.t*. «x ve from>winb* ax fro*' of Mr. politics>"Cf»fcC:>nve»- a seoea-attack latioa m %:'-Stent poli- *ore of dga thatlauoa aa« several Caarles-Etnese of the duty>rn» wa* J ley were >iI•rPaofic 'Jtr. GWTN.ODem., Cal.) introduced a bill to providefor -aking private property for public us*, and provid- in# jrist compensation therefor. Referred.the officiil corps of reporters they would thus keep from the knowledge of their constituents what they 89id and what they did upen that floor. There was a volunteer staff above their heads in the gallery who would send to the pub'ic and the country a -fall know-this eveiu'pg, and have taken a recces till nine to waitiner, Grbnt, Hammond, Katcham, Lapham,. Lav»rcno% Munroe, J. M. Mnrpby, Ramcay, Richmond, jttobertson, 2Stotoh, Seattions, Sptnolttj Warner, WUllonid.W ASHINGTON, April 16, 1860.unseat is socae-cordder h^s resclutfot).Sir. GWIN asked for the yeas and nays.Tie moticn ww agreed to, by ye<*a 27, nay« 2o.3lr- TRUMBULL hoped if Congress acjuurn at all,The bill to erect a new City Hall in Madison Square Mr. MAYNARD (S. Opp., Teno.) thought the twen- ^bas not yet been signed, and probably will not be.fitting out ojr'IVcrfolk, Va , returned from her trial trip" on the 14th inst. Everything proved very satisfactory. She made sixteen knots per hour, her engine* working:time at s mil be retry del-eorgeN. &ke in&o im from ent jcaay never be o o^jKxeLKERTie Presi-hands ofi a copyre made#:ha.oan'»nutters7ia* beenof the ' ta&ioa-York, [cleciara- 13. Ee->ie werethey did Dg where •solution*P. CovodeI in the tdebted- sa.JQ 1846* f Weils, Patent*the in- i on the ition to i proved sxi»endi-poor, >aymentznee* of>!g notes ear that to-day'*i860. ate cop- 'U g 3 V - riatnral- ?hout in udiating xt fromhibits any sa'e, tiaDsfer or abandonment, up;>n pen- alty of forfeiture* The House bill allowed the settler to sell it at the end of five years, or to abandoa it fortbey like, aad put in jaet what pleases them on second consideration, so that in the morning one cannot tell from The Globe the speech of any gentleman, though he may have been attentively listened to when deliv-Correspondence of Tho N. Y. Tribune.BELVIDERE, N. J., April 17,1860.The third attempt to try the Rev. Jacob S. Harden for poisoning his wife about ono year ago will be made to-day.This ktoictment was found by the Grand Jury in the April term of 1859. The prisoner not being ready for trial, it was postponed,' upon hia motion, to the next September t^rm. At that term it was again pojtponed, on motion of the Attorney-General, to the DecemberBritishrote, re-ispested ! ^ •eaeona-3ectared-•ho m%yf>at who is as any[ whichnporarya. Eng- tains anarch 28, I a traceiongreod e public isto be a of the Eugiish. bo make id, pro- y dlaap- » it, Uie is*ports,nizethei860., , i a c l o e - x ia re-to the „by for- ot read,iat reso- >nof the ry of the aoie* in ie Coa*-itoper- j Unitedierence, Militarypropoei- tt beiag;Carried.The House met at 9 o'clock. After a bill was passedi iI/oea of Mr. Hilt on stoc'A in building No. 269, about $250. Insured for $1,000 ju the National Iuaaraaoe Company. The buildup owned by Mr. Hilt sustainedii]2t,h iust. The news is unimportant.The Christian Association Union Convention electedGoss, Grant, Hnmmond, Kelly, Mani«rro, J. M. Murphy, Itum- the consequences if the boatmen should succeed in NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Ferry, Hillhoiue, Montgomery, P. V. landing them where they wanted, begun to Bcream atcarry a life-boat "with several persons and all uecea nnniDerB ov which were running a'wut tho floor. It is nary apparatus. Mr. Wise explained the operation o'" supcosed that the rata had escaped from the buruiugIjjon the 4th of June.Mx. PUGH iDem., Ohio) moved to lay the wholehad access to theml the Whole, was reported to the House, ordered to a Mr. BRANCH confessed that he did not read T7teThe San Japinto, Commander Armstrong, is at Ca- diz, undergoing some necessary repairs.Tho following United Spates vessels were at Panama on the 3d inst; The Lancaster, Wyoming, aniSara- nac. The Levant is' at Eealejo, and the Cyane had * tailed for San Francisco. All continue in good healtfc- •LOSS OF THE BARK BELLE.Thepilot-boatEdmundBlunt,arrivedyesterday,v makes the following report: On Sanday, the 15th.The Governor sent in a veto of the bill to legalize many persons passed Mm, hot one individual greeted " inst., at 4>sum., made a sail bearing W. by N.,*-whackbusiness of ye*torday, wad it was referred Cocosrittee <m. Judiciwy.vCAMERON(R*p.,Pa)presentedamemorialin.NATTS—MesVs. OolL Gt*s, HUUKHW©, Kefly, McGraw, Mau- ierre, Mor^ny,Trim an—«.FROMWASHINGTON.stitnents had a right to know what they were saying Mr.KENNEDY(S.Am.,Md.)gavenotis*ofabill andwhattheyweredoing. Gentlemenweregreatly.ALBANY,Tuesday,April17—8P;Mi, , THK.CrTY RAILRO'ADS. ft ThencametheAvenueDandEastBroadwayBall-PRYOR'SENTRANCEINTOTHEHOUSEOF«?!>-war,anda.furnishingapointof ^S^bl^Siment,makingthetimefromthe19thofApriltotheThe C H A l i announced that the hour had arrived for unteer reporters sending forth to the oountry their ver-"CANISTEO.,..;'. ;,V;\offtheJerseyFlats,andnowliesattheUnionStore*, The South and Weat-Btreet Road, known herca3 the ' taneous and simple, and yet unpremeditated and Brooklyn, where sh* will be discharged,the special order. „•."•'.• _, sions of what occera here, but the official record is that to which members could all appeal whenever misrepre-Mr. BALL moved to postpone all prior orders, and sented.THE NEW CITY HALL.who had not voted for the bills, suetaining this one. to eay whether undipguised neglect, or %•concealed CANAL LOCKS. ' • contempt, was the more prominent feature. I amAfter an Executive session, during which Capt. Ar- referring now to the reception given to Pryor bychibald Hall was confirmed as Captain of the Port of the Democratic side of the chamber. Had heNew-York, under the new Harbor-Mtster law, theSenate went into Committee of the Whole, on Senator been absent for five days on a common businessProeeer's bill " to provide for lengthening the locks visit to Virginia, hi» return would havo called forth at eighty revolutions per minute. Her chief dimen- upon the Erie and Oswego Canals, without cost to the greetiDgs far more numerous. While, had an ordi- sions are as follows: Length overall, 227 feet; beam, State" (a very pretty title), which went through the nary ague kept him from his seat that length of time,irom the 19th:.to the 30tti of April, and from the 12th tribute The Congressional Globe promiscuously, but tioBs. Ko businefes would be done, and Congress had of his district, for the use of the people. At least, he~ THE ADJOURNMENT.forms of being considered in Committee of the- Whole,minutes. The following ia the vote on its final pas- bands from the more ardent of the chivalry; but for the coast of Brazil next week.of adjournment on Thursday, at 2 p. m. Adopted. The question recurring on the revolution as amended,the Speaker, the bill was carried triumphantly through.BILLS SIGNED.TheGovernorhassigned510bills,andhas15or20g|The bill to authorize the sale to the United States of apportionoftheParkforaPost-OfficepassedtheSenate,.ofthechamber,andtherestoodforsometime,it was rejected by Yeas 20, Naya 30.on he Government lands had bjen troubled by any remarks without detecting numerous and sometimesofficers from drawing their extra pay.The Clerk was authorized, under the direction of theO'Rourke, Pond, Regan, Rider, St. John, Slingerland, A. Smith, W. M. Smith, Speaker, Vernrvle, Voorhees, Walsh, Webster, Whipple, Woodrufi". Yeury—55.Judge Sharp, who sat upon the bench at the last termof our Court, lost his life at-Faston, Penn., on the 6thof March laet, by the explosion of the little steamerAlfred Thomas; bis place on the bench is now filled forth with uncontrollable fury from the roof.one 'Mi GWIN said no.Mr. MASON thought it better to adhere to the oldthe moefTridiculou8 and grotesque errors. ' And, Sir, anybody who knows the mode in which our reporter takes down the debates must see it is absolutely im-Joint Library Committee, to publish 1,500 copies of the NAYS—Messia. Barden, .Barnett, Bixby, Briggs Butler, Journal of the Legislative Council for the years 1691 Coleman, Conkling. Coonley, Cnme, Diakineon, Dwight, Ells- to 1776, provided the entire cost to the State would not worth, Evans, Finch, Fisher, Flueler. Fulton, Garrettson, Hol-The alarm was given at about 10J o'clock, andUrmau maxim, " Let things at rest remain at re3t." possible to avoid mistakes. A few days ago, in aby his brotser Jacob.. was promptly responded to by the firemen of the Dis- The prisoner, although coniined in a small room forMr. GWIN avowed th*t the object of his amend- ment tvas to drive out coolie labor from the mines, and confine it to agriculture.The bill was then laid aside to receive a message froa the President. \Tie biU for the relief of Valentine Wehrheim, a blind and deaf soldier of the army, was received from the Hou>e, with an amendment increasing the pensionto $25 per month.Mr. THOMSON (Dem., X J.) said Wehrheim wasa common soldier, receiving $8 per month at the time he received the wound, which eauped his infirmities. The Committee of the Senate had granted him $16 per moitb, bu< the House now xai^ed it to §25. He hoped itwrold be voted dCwu. If not the Committee on Penaor-s might as well b« abolished.few remarks I made heie, which I did not correct,and which have gone into The Congressional Globe exceed the sum of $3,500.uncorrected, I was made to say things which I not Messrs. Goss and Grant were appointed to wait oncomb,Hoskins, Hough, Jaqucs, Jeffords,.Iennings,Jewoll, JewetS,McFadden, McVenn, Maxson. Merritt, MilUngtou, Morgan, more than a year, is in the best condition. Hia phyei- trict.Newell, Palmer, Peck. Perry, Pettit. Plumb, Powell, Richard- The greatest consternation prevailed among the oc-porters are as faithful and accurate as any, and if I had MJ. TOOMBS (Dem., Ga ) had abandoned all hope any complaint to make it is that they are too faithful.aloons. Alter laboring in this manner half an hourof stopping the profligate expenditure of public money; The .interjections made by members withoat the recognition of the chair, or the leave cf the memberannals of crime.he oxjy wanted h done decently and regularly. He interrupted, ought no more to be reported than theprivate conversations going round the hall.NAY 5—Messrs Barnett, Callicot, Coleman, Collins, Conklin«c,Bwi;;tit, Finch. FiBber, Flakier, Holcomb,Hough, Hubboll, Jak-wav, Jaques, McFadden, Masterson, Merritt, Newell, Palmer,Pettit, Plumb, Powell, Richardson, H. Smith, Taber, Tucker, twenty-live witneeeea for the State and prisoner. The water a large amount of valuable property. The wtook Van Hern, Varian, Williams—29.mov«d for its reference to the Committee on Pensions. CaTri*d.the exigencies of the caee, and about one hundred and their exertions succeeded in saving lrom da-nage byThe Mcseage from the President was read. It Drovedto be a veto on the bill for the rel.ef of Arthur Edwardsand his associates, who carried mails on the Xortdernl>ake« from 18-19 to 3853. The President says that in1854 tie parties presented the bill for these services, ation of $5,000 for a delecate to the International Sta- amounting to #25,000, which the Postmaster-General tistical Congress in London in July next.VOTE ON AVENUE D RAIT.ROAD VETO.of clothing in Wm. A. Hilt's store. No. 2t»7 Water- stre'et, was removed from the shelves and covered with oil-cloth, as was also the' stock in tho saleroom ofrejected. They then weut to the Court of Claiois with a claki of $50,000, whkh decided on ir. adversely.The bill passed for their relief amounts to $30,000.Mr. HALE moved to refer it to the Post-OfficeComnait^e.Mr.BINGHAM (Pep., Mich.), explained the>natureof the services rendered by C*?t. Edwards, and ar- gued h favor of the justice of bik claim.After further discussion, in which Mr.preeati the opinion that such reference was not in as- cordacee with the provisions of the Constitution, with- out foither action on it, adjourned.HOUSE OF PEPVvESENTATTVES.Mr. SCHWARTZ (A. L. Dem., Penn ) offered a resolacon, which was read for information, instruct- ing th« Committee on Pablic Expenditures to report a "b\A reducing the comper-f-arion of members Of Congress 10 £H yer diem for ea~h d<tv of actual ser\-ice; and providing also that when both Houses by joint resolu- tion aOjwirn to attend a political Convention, W) mem- bers vrting therefor shall net receive pay during therecess. jLau^'bter.}Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., O.) objected to the resolu-tion.Mr. IOUSTON (Ad. Dem., Ala.) understood that•some gsntlemen draw their p*y when paired off and absent. If so, he wanted this abuse corrected.ITie JJbuse went into Committee on the Deficiency Appxopration bill.Mx. CvNKLING (Rep., X. Y.) addressed :he House at length (His speech will be found on the sixthpage.)The CcmmiJtee roee.Mr. BvNHAM'S (Dem., S. C.) resolution to adjournfrom Frilay to the In of May was rejected by 6'J agair.ist H3.The consideration of the Deficiency bill was re- scmed. . •The C'mixittee rose, and without final action on the bill, the House adjourned.•Xfcemoeratic State Conventions. COUJ.MBIA, S. C , Monday, April 16,1860.The Democratic State Convention assembled hereon Monday. Mr. Orr was chosen President, and made a cotjiervative speech. He favored the Cincinnati Plat- form, and invoked ihe exercise of a spirit favorable to the bebt interests of the National Democracy.TAIXAHASSEK, Fla., Monday, April 16,18W>. The Democratic S ate Convention indorsed to-laythe United States Senatorial Caucus resolutions.Tlie R<JVOO!W5 Cutter Crawford.. the several orders of business were laid upon the table, The Aseeuibly passed the bill to incorporate thecovered with oil-cloths, and thus saved from materialMASONex-then adjourned until this afternoon at 2 o'clock.copious atreams of water' were poured upon the fire, but all to no purpose, as the establishment was1, nearly destroyed before the flamea could be subdued.A strong westerly wind prevailed at the time, and the cindeia from the burning building, together wita.- large Hakes of fire, were carried over the roofs of tireDurin.ithe proceedings on an appropriation for The for peace, but their tioachery is so well known that not Cwgrduonal Globe, Mr. STEVEN'S (Rep-, of Pa.) much dependence is placed on their professions of*aid. if tiere is to be an ofUciil publication of the pro- c«cainj;}«. they ought to be printed as they are re- ported,aid;uever be submitted to revision, which la> ter nsak« speechc*s in s.vme cases entirely different t from wba; is deliveredi Writing out speeches neverfriendthip. No rain has'ifalien hero for two months, and everything 5s in a parched condition..• *'— N F r o m t h e B i o G r a n d e .means aucceeded in persuading, the girls to get into raise 16,000 pound*, or eight tuns. To go round the rear wall ol the h akery.their boat., and while on their way across the bay to- world -would require a balloon 150 feet in dia- 6 iU n i w a e an t t e t e d i s n o t r e p o r t m g .Mr. BLANCH (Deou., *(. C ) rose to propose anNKW-OKLKANS, Monday, April 1G, 18G0. The steamship Austin brings Brazos advices to ihe» i ^ i S " * » * * 7? " . ^ward Bedloe's Island, the boatmen suggested the idea meter, made of 14,000 yards of silk, and the firemen ha* , jt under control.was a par'iamentary bwly, aud their constituents bad John WanwanUcr of Philadelphia ^Secretary, andbuilding, niud on the principle of auy port in a storm a balloon there was nothing of the sensation of vertigo icJi m V/ltb the enterpri.-uig dog aforesaid. When the or giddiness. The question of circuin-aeronautuig the animal came down tho Btei>s it was completelydrem-.ttcd with wator.FIRE IN ROOSEVELT 3TKKXT.J^ast night, about 10 o'clock, a fire occurred undera right to know what they were doing here—not only how they voted, but what they said. Their constituents bad a r*ghi to know what they were doinir on that floor :n their Ttiblic capacity. Their constituents de- manded t» know, and they had a right to make vheir debttes and doings known, without stick-adiourned wne die. . •\Teather Keports.ilAMK-VX, April 17, 18C0.April 14—Weather cloudy, with rain. Therm. 40 deg. aboveMurphy, Richmond. Truman, Williums. 'ABBENT OR NOT VOTING—MessrW. FJero, Ketcham, Lap-ham, Lawrence, McGraw, Monro**, Prosoer, Se»«ions.WEST WASHINGTON MARKET.The Senate then took from the table the bill to au- thorize the eaJe of certain lands belonging to the Statethe top of their voices for help.The sounds, which were hideous, penetrated the air,and had due ell'ect, as they were heard at a distance bysome persons, who gave immediate information to thethe drug-rope. Ho noti<scd the remarkable fact that inNMW?Y@RIiNl^Y?Tl^^ deed, after all. he believed that to seme extent that latest Itoingg off the legislature*estimate was the correct, one, (Laugbler.} Bu5,valuable or valuelees, eense or nonsense, their con- Special Dinpatoh to The N. Y. Tribnn*. ; i;a sw»»fav*r of the modification of ihf» laritl.for the transportation of the mails by railroad to the mistaken if they euppoced that while diebanding Both houseB have sgreed to adjourn at ten o'clock A YES-Messrs. Abt41, Blood, Colvin, Connolly, Fiero. Gard- From an Occasional Correspondent.tary'and road surveys. fe^gf^^S?SS ft ha/fallenintotmchSenfO^^^ jni1SSSl!ZBible to get a good audience to witness a balloon as- cension.*x. HALL |Kep., N. H.) moved to t*ke up hie reeo-Ititwn for a recess of Congress from the 19th of April ledge of everything that ocourre in the Hoase. HeMontgomery, P. P. Murphy, Truman. five days. The contrast between bia reception KOA The Fonxteenth-etreet Road, the Tenth avenue and that of Mr. Potter on Friday could not have beento toe 22d of May.Jfir. CLINGMAN {Bern., N. C.) moved an amend-responsible reporteje, or by the official and responsible reportersoftheBouse7Forone,Iamnotwilling that it should be so. I am willing and glad to see vol-.Rosd were also passed over the veto by exactly thesamevoteasabove,21to9. betweenanovationgenerousandhearty, spon-ty-four copies of The Globe inadequate to disseminate such knowledge throughout the districts.THE PARK POST-OFFICE.The bill to authorize the sale of Post-Office site in it-would be over bosh Conventions. He was, however, some of ihem did, that number would be sufficient to the Paik has been signed.opooeed to anv adjournment at all. give toalarge portion of their constituents a knowledge Mr. BAMAKO <X>em., Del.) thought beat to adjourn of what WED uoing on in the House. He did not dis-32 feet; tuns burden, 1,085; horse power, 360; h«fMr. BRANCH—If the gentleman would do what12 o'clock, p. m.—The Legislature adjourned sine totheSJfctoi* May, so as to provide for both Coaven- he deposded it in the Ccurt-Houses of the coanty to WXIB die at. 11 o'clock, and members have said their good rb<HSer adjourn-Mr. CLtNuMAN modified his amendment, Brrbsti- was reserviuur them for that purpose.byes, and left the CapitoLTHE'ALMS-HOUSE BILL.eape:- . -VEAS-r-Messrs. AtelL Blood, Connolly, Fiero, Gardiner, O-m*, Hammond, Hillhou<r«\ Lawr«nc«\ J. M. Murphy. P . P . Murphy, Prooser Ramsey, Robertson, Rotch, Spiuola, Warner—17.NA YS-Messrs. Bel), CoWn. Ferry, Kelly, Kotcham, Lap- ham, McGraw, Manierre, Montgomery, Monroe, Richmond, Sessions, Williams—J3.NEW-YORK POST-OFFICE.to-day he entered the House, walked to his seatThe Uni ed States steamer Samter, Corhcaiandflr'tntaxfc theJ^Oth, of April for the 1st of May. Mr. STEVENS (Rep., of Pa.]—So far as he was Mr. 2>IXC0J» (Bep., Conn ) moved to amend the concerned there were societies all through his countywith an uneasy nir, not a member noticing him on McDonougb, arrived at St, Paul de Loando on March," the way, and quietly resumed the cushion which heso ostentatiously quitted on Wednesday last. Soon, 1, from Fernando Po, with the mails forthe squadron.The last act was the passage of the Alms-House bill, amendment by adding tha* Congress adjourn sine die with libraries, by which means the rural population which went very rapidly through the Committee ofCongressional Glolte, and he did not suppose that any third reading, and immediately read a third time and Mr. Dixon's amendment was loit by Yeas 13. person who knew how The Congressional Globe was pasted, by a vote of 75 to 32. Parliamentary tactics Kara 31. made up ever read it, or that any person who had once were jesorted to by the Democratic leaders to arrestDIRECT TAX.The Assembly bill to pay interest, &c, on the canaland as if by mere accident, some three or four Southern gentlemen, who seemed or affected to bo passing near him on business errands, shook him by ihe hand in the most common-place way. , Amd that was the beginning and the end of the reception ! Not long afterward Ute went into the most frequented part of the lobby, adjacent to the Democratic tideeubject on the table. Lost. -Mr. H A L E Offered an amendment, fixing the hour undertaken to read it would read it again. [Laughter.] its rapid progress, but, under the energetic, iron rule of I | mill instead of If, and passed ft, 25 to 1, Mr.But still it was a valuable book for referense. In his judgment the system of reporting which prevails in tae House and in the Senate was one of the world's won- Mr.SLIDELL(D<2m.,La)olleredaresolutionpro- ders.Hefearedthatif.theyabolishedthepresent viding for an adjournment of the Senate every three system the reporting would fall into the hands of thosedebt was amecded in the Senate by levying a tax of Warner. •days, from the 19th instant to the 1st of May. Laid who w juld not care to do them justice; aud for him- under advisement. 513 acts were passed at the last over. ^ self, while he occupied a seat upon the floor, he wanted session. AmoDgtbe bills signed are the Tax. Levy, . The Senate had an exscntive eereion. after which his reputation to remain in the keeping of the official the Aims-House bill, the bill to open Madison avenue,20 t o 2 . ,..-..'•. . pretending to read a bit of manuscript;: but thoughthe Brady contract for up-town rock excavation in him. New-York. The Governor's objections to the bill arethat it proposes to override a decision of the highest tribunal of the State.The message was laid on the table.CONIIOCT^N COUNTY.encee in the piescnt bill and that originally preeenusd.The first difference was ax to tue class of persons pro- look upon it as an unmixed evil. I have not a word Archibald Hall, nominated as Captain of the Port,vided for. The original bul gave Jaods to heads of to say against the reporters. The question is between under the Harbor-Maeter bill.fanuTes and all persons over 21; this only to he^ds of a 8heekled press aud a free press. The question is,families. The second dnT«rence was requiting the piy- Whether Congress shall tppropriate money to publish Navigation on tne St. Lawrence. presented in a former message, returning, without ap-ment of 25 cents per acie; the original g*ve toe lands speeches which are made, or to publish speeches Iabsolutely away. 25 cents per acre WHS the actual which axe never made. It is well known that the MONTREAL, Tuesday, April 17,1860.;•••;.:'•-•• 'proved to bo the bark Belle, of Boetou, Capt. Xaocb Ryder, from Boston for Philadelphia, which had been run into and sunk. immediately, all excepting her stern; the fore and mainmasts were carried out cf her, but the miz7xmmast remained standing. She had been • inn into by the ebiplvunhoo, hence for Liverpool. The crew of the'bark, with the exception of John CSar> lotes, got into the boat, and, alW four hours' exposure,, were piched up by the brig E. Milliken, of Fairhaveu. The man John Charlotes managed to get on board theMr. JOHNSON (Dem., Teon), from the Committee leporters, who were responsible to the House for auy on Pabhc Lands, reported back the Homestead bill, as misrepresentation they might make, or any wrong tieythe unsafe buildiBg bill, and the Brooklyn-Park bill.To the associated Press.ALBANY, Tuesday, April 17, 1860.A little later, after his return to the Hall, a South- ern member called Pryor's attention to thefact that the stock of a "pistol was protruding from the rear pOcket of' his coat.. Thereupon he withdrew to themodified by the Ccmmitt«}«>.Mr. JOHNSON (Dem., Ark.) explained the diifcr-might do members.Mr. CURRX (Dem., Ala.), in condemning the presentcost of the lands to the Govern^eni. The ameuded 'bill farther required five years' residence, and an actual title to be given at the expiration of that time, the price Wing then paid ; the Ho&jvc bill required a con- secutive residence of five years, bat the titles •were not given till two jears afterward Fur-It rained hard durimar last night. The weather to- speeches which are published in The Globe are not the. dfly is clear and very mild. Thermometer at 8 a. m,,proval, the biU to erect the County of Canisteo' from Steuben. This message was also laid on the table, and the Senate took a r6cees till 4p.m.ther, the Senate bill pi«ly included l*nds op«n to what is done with marvelous accuracy and fidelity. But private eiitrj, while ihe House bill ooens ail laud aub- everybody knows, who is familiar with their proceed- •jtfCX to pre£n>ptv>n. Tho Sea**.* bill alao re<jnlred a n>g»,that members constantly go and strike out what •constant sett emeat on the iaac for five years, and pro-PROVIDENCE, Tuesday, April 17, 1860. The great Reirigerator suit of J. C. Schooley, of Cincinnati, egfiiiiet Chariee Wioship, of'New-H*ven, ard Bramball, Hedge & Co., Agents, of New*York, was yesterday decided by Judge Pitman, of the United States Circuit Court,, in favor of the defendants, who6eclaim for a patent is declared to be good.convict, labor, reported the testimony taken by the Committee, and a resolution directing the attention of the Attorney-General to the same, and requesting him to examine whether any action is needed to pro- tect the rights of the State with reference to such con- tracts, and to take such action as may be necessary.1•ALLEGED PECULATIONS..HARDEN.,two years, and then dispose of it. Tae House bill eiing it on the floor. I myself have been presented at further provided that a hocue?tead shall not ba liable t'mes in moot ridiculous attitudes. I have gone myselfThe Speaker announced the Select Committee to Reported Robbery of Adams's Ex- investigate the alleged peculations and larcenies in the Stite Ball, Capitol, and State Library, as follows:for any debt contracted prior to the seven jeirs of oc- cupancy. The Senate bill provided tha*. the Und shall not be sold for debt of tue sewler until the Uui;ed Stales parts "With.the title. The Senate bill farther re- qu:red an alien to file big declirati^n of intention toto revise what I may have said in puttng a question or in replying to one, bnt in the morning I would find that somebody else had gone too, and stricken out from their speech the very part that bad called forth my re- marks, so that when they would appear in-The Globe• press.BRIDGEPORT, Ct., Tuesday, April 17,1800.Report says that Adams's ExoreeB Messenger, on the train from Boston, was robbed last nijjht. The safe is said to have been thrown from the baggage car, be- tween New-Yoik and New-Haven, and is said to have contained $100,000.Messrs. Low, Bingham, and Callicot.A CONCURRENCE. .The Assembly concurred in the Senate's amendment to the tax for paying interest on" Canal Debt, making it 11 mill instead of 1£ mill.STEAMER THOMAS POWELL*This favorite steamer, acknowledged to lie the fleet- est in cur waters, after a complete overhauling and re-' 'ibecome a citizen before he could ava 1 himself of the they were without meaning of any kind. Tne country benifits of the- bilL The effect of this wag to is taxed and the treasury compellud to pay for these restrict the operation of the act to ci'izens reports, which are not faithful or correct records of the ef the United Sta)e« and heads of families. proceedings of this House. They are not the reports Mr. Johnson argued at some length in favor ofThis makes the aggregate tax 3£ mills, as follows:School tax, % mill; interest on 2J million debt, i do.; term, on account of the absence of Dr. Chilton of your decoration during the past Winter, under the snperinforfeited to the Government. He ca'led attention toancAher provjfcion in the amended bill not embraced inthe House bill, which comj>els the sale of sarveyed a tax upon the intellect, of the country. puWjc lands two years alter the surveys are made.The Jast provision of the amended bill was that landsin any S*.ate remaining uneold af'er thirty-five years,should be ceded to the States in which they lie.NA YS—Messrs. Callicot, Coles, Coorrlcy, Cornelius, Couch- arEW-YOBK LEGISLATUEE. mnn, Darcy, Dcrsch. Ellsworth, Fulton, Hall, Johnson, Koit-Two events have lately occurred in the hietory of this case which may have a very important bearing upon its termination. The that is tho appointment of a new Prosecuting Attorney for our county, James M. Robeson, esq.; and the seaond, the death of a mostMr. GWIN offered an amendment legalizing the oc-cupancy offthe mineral lands in California and Oregon on the debates here prec sely as they express them- by citizens of the United State*, or persons who have selves. Perhaps, from an infirmity which I cauuotseveral days on account of severe sickntse, was sustained, > •Ramsay.The new Prosecutor ia undoubtedly a man of abilityand industry, and will give to the case all the attention which ito importance.demands; but he lacks the expe- rience of the retiring officer, so'far as this matter in concerned.built the eamo year, wae again destroyed by fire bast night.The lire,1 as near as can be ascertained, originated iuthe lower part of tho building, which is six stories inbight, and thence, owing to the dryness of the beam and flooring, extended with great rapidity from floo to floor, and ere the lapse of an hour, the flames burssystem of reporting the debates of the Souse, said: IThe Senate, in Executive Session, to-day confirmedThe Governor also sent a. message, stating his objec- cloak room, adjusted bm dress, and not long after- tions to the bill to erect the County of Cohhbcton frcm ward disappeared for tne day.speeches which are delivered upon this floor; but, on the contrary, the whole reports of our proceedings are perversions of what really takes place here. I do not charge this upon tae reporters, be- cause, as far as I know, they report what is said and40s above zero.The first steamer for Quebec left last evening.'•AUBURN PRISON MA TTERS.In the Assembly, Mr. Van Horn, from a Select Com- mittee appointed some time in February last to exam- ine in relation to the steam heaters in the Insane Asy-such matters, public opinion never errs.THE CASE OF THE REV. .JACOB S.the ship Invincible, and took from her the maa John. Charlotes. The Captain of the Invincible report* making no water; part of his cutwater and j•ibboon^'1,' were carried away, but he would proceed to LiverpooLTACKKT T.IN2 FttOJH CHART.JS3TOK TO r.rVKKI'Oor..Messrs. John Fraser & Co. of Charleston, S. C , are about to run-their ahips aa a regular line of sailing- packets between Charleston and Liverpool. Cbarlee- icn has a fiue harbor, and the establishment of transat- lantic lines to and from that port would undoubtedly find profitable business.of what is said in this House, but as they may have been afterward corrected in the reporters' room in The Globe Office,. In my judgment the whole system is a nnissnee, a tungus, an excrescence on the body politic, and iucieapitg the expenses of the Government year by year- The whole sys»em is at war witn the theory of the Government, and in my judgment it does more •o destroy legitimate debate than any other thing. It does more to prevent the enlightenment of the House by the discussion of questions before it than anythingintoiest on 12 millions debt, | do. Total, 3$ mills.CITY TAX LEVY.The Assembly struck out from the report of the Conference Committee on city tax levy the item of $80,000 for the Commissioners of Records. The Senatereached Cape Town, embracing numerous vessels of will probably concur. U they do not, the bid will notstomach and organs of the deceased Mrs. Harden. At AndersoD, resumes her trips to day between this city the last-mentioned term, on motion of the prisoner, and JRoDdout, stopping, as usual, at Cozzens's Dock,the new bill, pointing out its atfvaata*es over theHouse bJl. It gave the settler a right at any timewithin five years to perfect bis title by paying theGoT»rnment price. Ho ro.»d a statement Irom theCcBjmisMoner of the Land Office, showing tha1; underthe ionatiou act passed in regard to Oregon and'Flori-da, f/ver seventy per csnt of the settlers avajilei them-selves of the provisions of the acts, and remained onthe land, petitioned Congress to allow them to pay theGovernment price, and perfect their titles before the else connected with the Parliamentary system. Thisexpiation of the . period of four years, at the end of zjtttm does not prevail in England, nor anywhere elsewhi«h they would obtain the title without paying any —not even in OUT State Legislatures. We do not ob-thin^. In the case of Florida, 211,360 acres were ject to voluntary reports of the proceedings of Con-seized upon under the grant made by Congress. Of gress. The only thing we object to is, the Treasury's will probably cover the demands. th«e I3s,400 acres were afterward abandoned andthe trial was agained postponed until the April term ofI860, owing to the aickness and consequent absence of Hamburg, Milton, and Poughkeepsie; leaving Newbeing saddled with the expense of printing those docu- ments, which arc not ordinarily for the enlightenment of the people.. The whol* system is a millstone, if notThe mails per the royal mail steamship Niagara will close at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning, but she will not leave hor dock until about 9 a. m.FIRES.•HESTUOCTIVK jriUJC IN FRONT STREET.Tlie extensive ship-bread and crasker bakery of Messrs. Tread well & Son, No. 244 Front street, which was burned down at the time of the destruction of theMr. MILLSON (Dem., Va )—The suggestion of my friend from North Carolina might be very useful if any reporters could present faiiful and accurate reports of the transactions in this House. But, Sir, no numan skill can achieve the miracle of reporting the speakers- SENATE....ALBANY, April 17, I860. Mr. Lawrence, who bad been absent from his seatright, A. Smith, Welmter, Yeury—16.The following is tne vote by which the Governor's veto of the Albany and Suequehana Railroad bill wasimportant and material witness for the State, Mr. Bbip Great Republic, in the Winter of 1856, aud re-decayed tneir inteniion to become citizens. overcome, my own stjle of speaking is usually slow;Mr. M A S O N (Dem., 'Va ) wanted to know if miners and yet 1 have never revised the reports of my o wa A bill was introduced and passed, amending the Sup-»«mi m^fpn^MTHEFINALADJOURNMENT. "•'•;.;'•road veto, and the Senate passed the* bHiover the veto, ; : 21to9asfollows: , ••'\ ,\/.,'v,.r..,.-' ;RESENTATIVKS,for some little engrossing.THE KECOKDS SWINDLE.]'lMr. Pryor entered the House of Representatives JSAYg—Bel). Ores., Bilibouse,' Kelly, MoGrow, M»nniore, at the uBtial hour ^bis morning, after aa absence ofThe Senate adhered to its amendment insertingasked whether they wou!d prefer to be reported by ir- $80,000 in the tax levy for ihe records swindle, and the Forty-second street Road; and the Seventh avenue more striking and iigmficant It was the difference, \The"Burned ship J. A, Weetervelt has been float**Hctuee receded;The atttempt to revive Canisteo and pass it over the Belt, was passed by a vote of 22 to 9. Mr. Munroe unexpected, and a reception in which it is difficultveto failed.KAVAI INTELClGZSCK.The United States steam Bloop-of-war Dacotah, now"referred, reported complete from a Special Committee, his recovery would have been welcomed by a general armament consists of five Dahlgren shell guns; her'ordered to a third reading, and passed in a^out five nodding of heads and an occasional shaking, of crew numbers about 110 men, all Sold. Sho will saiF«»•completing canals, £ do.; general purposes, 1£ do-.;' city, the chemifet who analyzed the contents' of the tendence of her owner and commander, Capt. Ay L ,Cape of Good Hope News. BOSTON, Tuesday, April 17, 1860.An arrival from the Cape of Good Hope brings ad- vices to Feb. 14. The French expedition to China hadWest Point, Cold Spring, Cornwall, Nowburgh, New-warandabout6,COOtroops. <5omeEnglishvesselsbe-Thebe eigned by the Governor. The following is the vote on striking out the item:YEAS—Mossrs. B. Allen, Arcularins, Barden, Barnett, Beehe, Bingham. Bijchy, Bowman, Biigg3, Burns, Bush, Butler, Cole- man, Collins, Conklinjr, Cook, Cooper, Crocker, Culver, Dickm-Mrs. IvHmsay, a material witness for him. Whstherthe indictment will now, or ever, be tried ia yet a •subject cf mere speculation..York at 3:30 p m., and Rondout at 5:30 a. m. On a few occasions last Summer she made the run from thia city, a distance, including the crossings of the river, oflonging to the Burne expedition had also arrived. local news is unimportant. IAll the intense interest in-the case here has entirelydied out. The nemo of Harden is seldom mentioned,.and the merits of the c<tse never alluded to. Occasion- Supplement No. XXI of the American Lloyds has ally we bear a cloee-iisted tax-payer growl about theexpense, but not a word from him about the greatcranvc* itself, or of its punishment. These are secondaryconsiderations with him, because they do not touch hispocket.•;about 100.miles, in four hours. been issued by E. & G. W . Blunt.Suspension in Boston.BOSTON, Tuesday, April 17, 1860. son. Downs, Fiefcer. Flagler, Gorrettson, Gover, Gray, Harris,The suspension of Alien Neal & Co., Bankers, is an- nounced. Their liabilities are small, and their asse isHolcomb Hosklns, Hubbt*ll, Jaques, Jeffords, Jennings, Jewell, J.ewett, C. Kcle<>y, R. S. Kelsey, McArthur, McQuade, McVean, Masterf-on, Mather, Maxson, Mersclie, Miller, Morgan, Moulton, Austin Myres, Newell, O'Rourko, Palmer. Payne, Peck, Pettit, Plumb, Pond, Powell, Richardson, Rider, St. John, Searl«s, Servi», Slingeriand;, H.Smtth, J. M. Smith, Speaker, Stilson, Taber, Tucker, Van Alstyne, Van Horn, Walsh, Whipple, Wiley, Williams, Woodrufi—74. • /YEAS—Messrs. B. Allen, Arculirins, Beohe, Bincham, Bow- man, Burns, Bush, Cadwell, Callicot, Carter, Clirk, Coles, Collins, Coachman, Crocker, Dorcy. Decker, Dorsch, Downs, Cihbs. Gover, Hall, Harris, flubbe)), Jones, Johnson, C. Kcl- i ey, Kennedy, Kortright, Law, MeQuo.de, IVfaeternori, Mather,ply bill, so as to correct an error which prevented the M*-r»elii>, Miller, Moulton, A. Myers, A. A. Mjere, Odell,present to-day.'EVENING SESSION. The Senate met at half-past 9p. m.THE BRADY CONTRACT.a portion of Steuben, which were the same as thoseComment upon the difference in the treatmeutmeted out to Potter and Pryor, by their respectivefriends, on these two occasions, is unnecessary. Itis conclusive proof which of them the general judg-ment of friend and foe assigns the triumph to, in the ship, where he remained all night. At 8 a. m. the recent controversy. It is an irrevocable verdict crew were taken from the brig, and brought on board upon that point of the case, at all events; and, in the pilot-boat Edrxund Blunt, No. 2. At 12 m., spokeThe Great Kefrigerator Suit. lum at Auburn, and also in relation to contracts forthe Governor, and Messrs. Lapham and Connolly to son, S«-arles. Servis, II. Smith. J. M. Smith, Stilson, Tabor, cel condition, especially, is excellent; no furrows in cupants of the dance-houses and low groggoriee in the only never uttbred, but which would have been ridic- wait on the Assembly, to inform them that the Senate Van Horn, Varian, Williams—18. the face, denoting care ?.'.ud anxiety, are to be seen, neighborhood, and persons reading at least 300 feetulous for anybody to utter here. If it were possible was ready to adjourn.VOTE ON WEST W ASHINGTON MARKET VETO. but his full cheeks and well-developed person give oat- distant made preparations to move their houaohold fur- The following is the vote by which the Assembly ward assurance, at least, that he considers himself in niture. Men ana woman might have been soen trav- passed the West Washington Market bill over the no danger. What his mental condition is, God alone ersing backward and forward the flooded 8treets, car-to write down accurately all that ie said,.I should entirely agree with the suggestion, that there should beno revision of the reports of the speeches; but mis-'takes axe unavoidable with the best reporters, and it isnot defcirable that they should remain in Tlie Daily,and be perpetuated in The Congressional Globe. Nohonorable member would so correct his remarks as tochange wholly what he says, and therefore must leave Mr. FISHER moved a vote of thanks to the officers it to the discretion of members themselves to revisetheir own remarks as they think fit. I think our re- of the House, which was adopted unanimously.The bill to establish a nautical school in Nsw-York was lost, by 45 to 38, ard a motion to reconeider ta- bled.TheAaissembly sustained the Governor's veto on the Albany an(d Suttqaehannvi Railroad bill, by a vote of 55 to 48. So the bill is dead.An attempt was made to reconsider the vote on the new county of Canisteo, but the motion was ruled out of order.was passed. •..••."«The Flatbush Avenue Grade bill was passed.The bill to amend the act to suppress intemperanceMr. SHERMAN (Rep.; Ohio) said the Committee of Wa) s and Means have under consideration a measure calculated to prevent this abuse.trial bids'feir to be a very tedious one.KIRST, HAY—-MORNING SESSION.Among other amendments adopted was an appropri-The New-York Police Court bill was passed.The Steuben Monument Association bill was passed.The bill to preserve the public peace on Sunday YEAS—Messrs. B. Allen Arcularious, Barden, Beobo, Bixby, ciatep. Attorney-General Dayton for the State, audCHARJUKSTON, 5. C, Tuesday, April 17,1S<>0. ITie United States revenue cotter has arrived here, from Brunswick, Ga.. All on board are well Sbe re- ports that on the 4th of April, off the coast of Georgia,she heard sharp firing for over an hour.ports being reached when it was known it was the pur- pose of the Republicans to report the bill to reorgan- ize the New-York A)ms Honse Department.lost in the Assembly. The Governor's veto of the bill to Meet the County of Canisteo from the Hid Assembly District of Stcubon, was sustained by the following vote:YEAS—Mcpars. B. Allen, Burden, Arcularius, Bingham, Bow- man. Burnt), Bufrh, vCarter, P. Clark. Coles, Cook, Couch-man, Crocker,Cuiver, Da cy, Decker. DorHch, Dowaa, Ellsworth, S'lag- l»)-,Fultr;n, Garrottaon, Gibbs, Gover, Hal, Harris,Jewett.Jones, Johnson, C. Kelsey, Kennedy, Law, McArthur, McFadden, McQuade. Masterson. Mernftli*, Miilington, Morgan, Moulton, A. A. Myers, Odell, O'Rourke, Payne-, Pelton, Perry, Plumb, Bejsan, hider, St. John, Blingerbnd, A. Smith, H. Smith, vv. M Smith, Speaker, Van Alxtyne, Vermilye, Voorhees, Walsh,tV'ev-Nter, Whipple. WoodruTl", Yeury. '•; NAVS—MesBrijj Barnett, Bn'pjrs. 'Butler, Callicot, Coleman,sons, among whom we noticed Mr. T. S. Carlincourt. water from the bydrante, one of them repaired to the Lowe, the author of the great gas-ship, known last dock foot of Peck slip. The eteamese. did exceilonfc Fall as the City of New-York. Mr. Wise's lecture service, and from the time they went to work until the*, was a paper prepared some eight years ago forthe pur-It wae near 10 o'clock before reports were reached, when the Senate sent down a resoluVion extending the Tbe Central OverSand Express. hour of final'' adjournment to 11 o'clock. This gave afull hour to accomplish the arranged. work of the evening-Mr. FOND reported the bill. It was sent to the of coaches to leave here tri weekly, commencing to- Committee of the Whole, paesed through, ordered topose of prevailing on the Smithsonian Institute or Con-gress to grant him aid in the prosecution of his aerialenterprises. Occasionally he left his MSS. to read conflagration was prevented Iron A extending beyond; from his book. Ho dwelt upon the fact that increasing the bakery. ,•ST. JOSEPH, MOThe Central Overland California and Pike's Peakamendmrot to the resolution. He contended that ifthere w« anything which was really, legitimate, orreally w»rth the money they expended on it, it wasthe j-cbloation of the debates in The Globe. Tni» W. P. Momford of Richmond, Va., President, and eej. Robertson, Botch, Spinolu, Warner.VTuesday, April 17, I860,The loss of Mepars. TreadwelJ and Sons on building; the size of the balloon, its lifting power increased much 1more rapidly tban its weight; a balloon need'not be ptock and machinery will not fa &far short of $60,000. very large to admit of being made of copper,, aud if as What amount of insurance they have on their propdrtyPassenger and Express Company have put on a linemorrow morning. The express is to go through to Denver City in six days.''.* :—« The Santa Fe IWail.iNnzPXNDEKCs; Tuesday, April 17, I860. The Santa Fe Mail, from Pawnee Fork, arrived here to-day. The conductor reports the rente crowded withpersons going to the gold mines: aleo a large number of Mexican trains comiog m. He reports the grass to be fine and'abundant. The mails are now. traveling without an escort, but it is not. considered entirely safe. The reports from the hostile Iadians are that they area th^rd reading, and afVer various fruitless efforts on the part of the minority the bill was passed by 75 to 32, several Democrats voting for the bill.large aa the Great Eastern, it could be built of ironThe usual DaitiDg address^ was made by Lieut.-Gov. Campbell, when the Senate adjourned sine die.Governor's veto. ,YEAS—Messrs. B. Allen, Arcularins, Barden, Bixby, Bow-knows.Hie deportment pince his incarceration has been ex-ASSEMBL Y .Bir.T.S .P ASSED.rying upon their shoulders beds and bedding, trunks, chests, &.c.To incorporate the City Library Association. To provide for opening Sylvan street, N. Y.emplary, and in all hope that he may pass the great or- deal unscathed, to which he is about to be subjected.A body of firemen, in their eager haste for ,somo active duty, rushed into the building No. 269 Water street, owned aud occupied by William A. Hdt, manu-The usuahCommittees to inform the Sennte and theGovernor that the House • was Teady to adjourn were Collins, Coonley, Evans, Hnr.h, Fia'ner, Gray, Holcomb,appointed, and the Speaker addressed the House in a feeling manner, and declared the House adjourned, siuc die.From Onr Own Correspondent.ALBANY, Tuesday, April 17, 1860.THE ALBANY AND SUSQUEHANNA RAILROAD.The. Governor sent up a veto of the Albany and Sus- quehanna Railroad appropriation; and after it had been read through by the Clerk, it was' discovered that it lacked the signature of the Governor. After making a little fun over it, the message and accompanying bill were by order of the Senate returned to the Gov- e r n o r ; a n d a f t e r r e c e i v i n g h i s s i g n a l a r e , i t w a s s e n - back, and passed ever the veto by'a vote of 16 to 18, asfollowB:Hoshins. Honah, Jakv/ay, Jaouea, Jolfords, Jenninj»«. Jewell, Kelsey, Kortnght, Maxaon, Miller, Newell, P«ck, Pettit, Pow- ell. BichardBon, Robiuson, Stiison, Tabor, Van Horn, Wiley, Williams.Another attempt will be mad© to reconsider and pas3 this bill, bur it will fail.OUTRAGE UPON TWO GIRLS BY BOATMEN.—Yester-day afternoon, two youug men, friends of Catharine he found it at an elevation of 12,000 feet. He thought Insured for $5,000 in 'whe Eagle, National, and People 'a McGuire and Elizabeth Fugan, invited them to take a it practicable to sail round tho world in a balloon. Tc- Insurance Company.*. rcrojjs the ocean would require a balloon 30 to 100 feet The rear portion 'of No. 265 Water street, occupied Bail on the river, but before starting, two boatmen, in diameter, to make which 3,500 yarde of eilk would by C. Dueenbury, •Coppersmith and Bell founder, wan nunied Wm. Knwright, and. Thos. Fagan, by some be nee ded. This half filled with hydrogen gas, would damaged to the a j , o u n t of $250 by the falling of the" w o w e n t t o p r e s s , b u t•aan, Briggs, Barns, Bush, Cadweli, P . Clark, Coles, Coonley,Cornelius," Conchmon, Crane, Crocker, Culver, Darcy. Docker,Borsch, ilij.wortb, Evans, Fulton, Garrettson, Gibbs, Gover,Hall, Harris, Boskms, Jeffords, Jenninps, Jewell, Jewett, Jones,Johnson, C Kelsey, Kennedy, KwrtriRht, Liw, McArthur, Mc-Clutde, Maxson, Merselis, Miller, iMillington, Morgan, Moalton,Austin Myres, A. A. Myers, Odell, O'Rourke, Payne, Peck,Pelton, Perry, Pond, RegBn, Ride'r, St. John, Searfes, Servis,Plinizerland, A. Smith, J M. Smith, W. M. Smith, Speaker, and beautiful, whom'he had just married, a^l continue or'more, they suddenly discovered that the building Stilson. Van Alstyne, Vermllye, Voorhees, Walsh,' Wnipple, to render this case one of the most remarkable in the was in no immediate danger, and consequently sus- Woodruff, Yeury—74.of taking steps of a dishonorable nature with the girls, capable of lifting 135,000 pounds. With this Shortly after the first falling in of the rear wall, ono a seaworthv sloop, could be carried, to be or tlie Ureny^n who was on the upper floor of the YE A8—Messrs. Ahell. Blood. Colvln, Connolly, Gardiner, to which they objected, whereupon the girls, fearing used on an emergency. The smaller balloon would foundry f<yanQ a dog busily engaged in killing rUs,•M*TQ: Wind N K. ,-,, , . , »T -xtr (West Washington Market, *fcc), and the President Harbor Police. No sooner had the news reached thetlie groat Eastern current flowing at rates from 50 to u\e stairway of the first tloor of the dweUing-hoas* No. 54 Roosevelt street. The larg* closet whero iting as to the amonnt of money it would cost. April 15-Snow .:erlv in the monnag. ^ i n d fre»h N. W . put the question, shall this bill become a law notwith- Gentlem«-r epoke of the vast amount of stuff that was Fine from iiooo, but colder at 4:30. standing the objections of the Governor, with the fol-contain*d n Tke Globe; but he wooid ask who put it j?prni6-Weath«-r fair and pleasant. Therm. 50 deg. Wind.. S'ApriV'K-Wf.ather cold, with rain. Wind W., changed to lowingresult:Batteiy than boat No. 7, Coxswain O'Brien, and hiscrew, started in pursuit of the brutiah boatmen, and•Jicre'[ They put the Kteff, as tliey call it, there 8. £ . Therm. 45 deg- »t noon; at 4 o'clock,.cloudy •till, and YEAS—Messrs. Abell, Blood, Colviu, Connolly. Ferry, Gar- overtook them, arrested them, and bringing them to 'bemselvea If the contents of the book were value- diner, Grant, Hammond, Ketcham, Lapham, Lawroucft, Slun-ew, it wasbecause what they^said did not possess any " i l t t S S F i r . F-; April 17.-10 a. m.-A mUd and cloudy roe, Ramsey, Richmond, Robertson, Roloh, Seuslous, Splnola, the headquarters at the Barge Office, locked them up.fire was caused by the carelessness of a man who wa* which would require only 30 hours to cross the Ocean getting hay for his horse, having a lighted pipe ia hi* or 12 days to circum-aeronaut the globe. Traveling mouth at tho t me. The flames wore soon e^cbajrniibadtviiue ii: the estimation of. some gentlemen; and, in-nioxning. Wind Ujjhtand westerly.Warner—IS).Untitled DocumentI gave yon a history of thia case in December last,and will not, therefore, -recapitulate it. The youth 01 facturer of cil clothing, and threw from the windows the prisoner, his profession being a minister of the gos-pel, and the subject of the rourdcr his owu wife, young into tho street about $500 worth of coats aud pant-One hundred Jbrdrs have been summoned to. meet pended operations.The Insurance patrol were unusually active, aud byThe following is the vote by which the Assomblypassed the Avenue D Railroad over the Governor's ley, of the Supreme Court, on the bench, with Sharp, Messrs. Jackson <fc Son, Grate and Feuder mannCac- veto last night: Daviaon, and Moore, of the Common Pleas, bia asso- turere. Ko. 216 Front street. The stock of Jones &.Veen, MaB'erson. Mather, Maxson, MwaoliH, Milter, Miilington, the front and rear windows, defying the efforts of the adjourn at 10 ofclock to-night. Morgan Moulton, Austin Myres A. A. Myers, O'Rourke, P^yne, ssked the l£rocu>ator if he waa ready to move the in- firemen. From tlie front and rear of the burningMr. McQUADE moved to lay the pending order on Peck. Pelton, Perry, Pond. Reena, Ridor, St John, Searles,. dictment of the State agt. Harden, when he respondedthe table, BOas to take up reports. His onject, and Servis, Plin^erlaud, A Smith. W . M. Smith Speaker. Stilson, Tucker, V'tn Ahtynr, Vermilyo, Voorhees, Walsh, Whipple,he wished the Republican members to understand Wiley. Woodruff, VeUry—G2.that he would be ready this afternoon. The case was bakery, and from the roofs of tho houeefton either aide,it, wa8 to get in the New York Alms-IIonse bill.A re«ese to 91 o'clock was mov3d. Lost, by 46 to 59. Mr. VAN HORN then moved a recess till 9 o'ciock,the Democrats calling the yeas and nays on each ques- New-York City-Library Association*.The bill to estab- tion, with the purpose of preventing the order of Re- lish a Nautical Scbcol at the Port of New-York wasTie Yeas aud Nays on the other City Railroad bills correcting several clerical errors.in the Supply bill, were very much like unto this.Mr. John Wise, Aeronaut, of Lancaster, Pa., spoke oppof ite houses into tho river.on ballooning, last evening, m the hall of the Palace Twoflteam-lire engines were early on the grouxd^ Garden, before an audience of nearly one hundred per- but both being unable to obta'n an adequate aupply ofNAYS—Me»urH. Burnett, ColeiDtvn, Collins. Dwight, Emeriek, Fi»her, Flagler, Holcomb, HubbelJ, Jaques," It. S. KelBey, Mc- Fafiden, Merritt, Newell, Odv-il, rainier, Pettit, Plumb. Powell, Richsrdsou, IS.. Smith, Taber, Van Horn, Varian, WebBtor, Wil- liams—25.JOHN WISE ONBALLOONING.The Court opened at 11 o'clock—Edward C. Whelp-Bowman, Burns, Bush, Cadwoll, Callicot, Carter, P . Clark, Co., Flour Dealers, Nc. 242 Front street, was alsoColes, Cock, Coonley, Cooper, Cornelius, Couchman, Crane, ex-ChancoVlor Williaaasou for the prisoner, in attend-Crocker. Darcj, Dortch, Downs, Ellsworth, Evans, Finch, Ful- ance. The corurt-room was crowded with anxious damage.,ton, Gibbs, Gover, Gray, Hall. Harris, Hoskins, Hongh, Jak- spectators. The Grand Jury were sworn, and retiredway, Jeffords, Jennings., Jewell, Jowett, Jones, Johnson, C. to their room, and much preliminary business was at- Owing to the largo amount of inflammable materialwas lctt.The House amended the Senate's resolution, so as to Xelsey, Kenoedy, Kortriahi, Law, McArthur. McQ.ua/le, Gtc-- tended to, when, at 12 o'clock, the Commiaeioner in the building, the flames burst furiously forth fromour reporter was unable to leax n, owing to the hitenesa platt*a. He quotod from Mr. G'een's experiments on the of the liour.great Eastern current, published-20 years ago, proving The stock in the building O*A either side was slightly its existence -beyond all doubt. Mr. Wise then ex- damaged by water, but tho ? .ggregute loss of those inthe immediate neighborhood. on Front atreet will not plained the natural theory of the winds according to exceed $2,500. Fully iusur ,cd.the Eccksiastea: " The wind goeth to wards tho noth"and turneth about towards the south; it wkirieth" continually, and-the w'od returneth again according'' to its circuits." He illustrated this with a diagram. slight damage by water.. Insured for $4,000 in theHe' had always found the great Eastern current at an People's Insurance Cory.pany. Mr. Hilt also occupiedaltitude of less than 10,000'feet, except laei Summer,the building No. 267 aa clothing store, and his stock Hwhen he ascended from Lafayette, Ind., at which timetherein WHS damaged '0y removal tothe amount of $50.Mr. Wise al- nded to the use of the balloon at the battle of Fleerua. and last year at the battle of Solferino. He had found{[lobe waa merely a question of time.100 miles per hour. At an elevation of three miles, a originated was used as a place of storage for hay. TheThey will be brought up for examination this morning. about by means of local current he thought much mor* the damage sustained being trifling.velocityof100milesperhourcouldalwaysbeattained,condadod b>awellingup<mtfc>l>ortanceof W ^ J t loleseantthandrivingafairtborte. Mr- .„-therapeutical point of view, TM*TTM?tf?£Zm- PMARINEAFFAIRS.THE WJCSTERVEl/r.fire waa extinguished, they pourc/d> several. sieadv ptreams upon tho flames, and it t^-as mainly through, tho efforts of those having thorn 'pb, charge that the "Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069\'www.fultonhistory.com 