 ——TMpeBsrVOMtm ro* V*TM!'Sf±tbeta hi aosordsnee with ths s e w rales of the P. B A . C h a m p i o n — T h e S t a k i n g a f t h e Itaot Tbey are perfectlyZHB COVOSB IHVE3TIQATI05. —S^ ^n^y^ta^a^^w^^^*^*andof the Asset icaaadopMoa of the first resolution, upon a acter, during a long tile spent intry, has been unsullied by ahave been communicated to tfMr?aolntloBdMDO»ev«pi^fhersfaahwcBis there the slightest groundsfrom the 18th will take pta.by Messrs. Maori naato sadand Sayers, empowering Mccatrof of the arrangements ofday af ngbttog nrtgiBnlry appointed in Jbeagreement, ia case oircumstanoes should artos whlcS Barmls make sactTaa sMoialloa pontic sad neceeaarv. Upaai l*il«r»on the Ju SftheactionoftbeHouse etoases of certain ramiutiono IhTaithdV of March kuit, respectfully lubooJU^saoptodby the Hooae on the fifth day laOtafollowingwords—r BMorred That a eoeamB ee or ore meaaoeriofInd at tasoffivean—hiboappatetedayptoyedmoneyorthepatronageofhis°ffles4oltoflBsne4 theactiosofCongress,theatheHSBSOhasfitted.to dis- charge,itsdirtytoths people underthetonstitution Iftaken,Itwasitsimperativedutytobare institutedpro,and PoaUists-HoAlterationoftbeDay oa* Fighting—Betting in London nndchanges which tho Beaicta B a y h a t been compelled toand are, therefore, besBBSedinEtglaadbefore—theusualpracticebeingto wear lace up boots.TbebettinginLondonstillrunsatseventofouivandIn somecasestwotoensoaSayerstooffered. Thereto hardly say ens fouad t s back Heenan at these odds, as it toanticipatedtheoddsonSayerswillriseMillhigher. A largeamountofmoneywassentoverwtth some ofths BeatetaBoy'sMendslathsAsmtotorrsstauHas,aa* probably as soon as they srrirs some reduction or the betting quotations will easue In Haw York the anxiety of Heenan's frtosda, aha hare delay ed basking Wat to "get on.' sttll contiBues. hot ths recent advices having Infused freah spirit tats Sayers' backera, they do not hesi- tate to meet the rrtonda of the American youth, s a d"even betting" is nt»w the order of the day. Duringthe past weak soms wary heavy sums bars been staked o a.the result of tbe fightaouzkt to laflaeeee tae action at Congress, or any w n m w eto exist. NosUu g whatever is a*id by him in this m*s-thathaconflnaahimself"exclusively totboastwo branchesoftheresolution"ment made by a Toadoa sporting journal, that Heenati bad had a set to with a Beconi or rather third/ate English pugilist, and had got decidedly the worst of it. Were marked that such an apparently improbable statement should be received with caution In the files of sporting journals brought by the Persia's mails, dated March 26, we find comments oa this affair. Bell's Life thus re- marks:—tie said, to an intimation oa the part of the magisterial authorities that tf h e remained there he might be arrest-Mayor aad the delegation came on board, they wen seated to tbe commander sad offloers, whoroestvttI in the most courteous, cordial sad affablewhetherthePro-have,bycombinatioweretberwlae. P"**"^0',^0***"; 2 towTSJw?^&^^^**?x&theHouseactedoathatopinion,tnplaceoftheactioa. WehavealreadypublishedtottheHataKeVthe variousRepresentatives possets no power under the constitution against the President The Hoose, by the constitution, iscourt, State or federal, presided over by any fair-mmdodHiao, that would tolerate, for a single Instant, the applica-tion of such a measure of juatice to the hum')lest personunder its jurisdiction as that already measured out by theHouse of Representatives to the ebief magistrate of the he baa been compelled toobtain medical advise. We nave stories are in circulation as to tha relative condition nation? Andwhat,I nowask,will be thejudgmentofaver the accusatory portion of tha resolution, exoopt as an permitted to cetermine for itself tho rules of Its proceed-impeaohiGg body. With that exception, the President ings, and has the sole power of punishing, its membersHere have been vuicms rumors and statements In some of the papera that he has bad a trial with lae baker, who defeat- ed ^ke/te, and that Baker bad all the beet of it; and, also, thatassetts 'the occstitut on baa luvesteJ the Houae of P.opre- for mif conduct in their representative capacity. It is not aeaaaaivaa with no power, no turiadiction, a o supremacywhatever over the Prtsuient " In all outer respects, he so, however, with respect to the incumbent of the Presi- continue*, "ha ia quite aa independent of them aa thay dential office The Hoose baa, no peonJiar authority over are of him " Tbe PredStlent afterwards proceeds to no- him. He is selected for th» exercise of that great trustby the duect votes of the whole American people. He tice tha character of the investigation which the resolu- is the repiespctstive of the sovereignty of tho Unitedthe world upon this whole proceeding, when tbe animosi- ties and iiitterce*8 of contending parties shall have pissed away? Can any one doubt that judgment? Will it not b sconsultedMr Falkland,wholaactingaahitagent,oatantub jeet. and Mr. Kaialaod ridicules the idea of ta* Utter state- ment: bat, aa to tae former, he aaya that, six weeks back. Ba- ker did go to Salubury, and put on the gloves with the Bealeiaof the two men, and it is stated that Heenan hasIn aboutaquartero f a a hoar after,t for a rwprBssolsMTS s f a partioa to differ IB optaioa from a majo-ritypofhs-tos Bresnrea,rerence ofoptotoa necesaarily WTorVesa pessu'c «P<« the actioa of that majority. Bat it is a duty we dsrs »»verBSMsVbaa, by aaoaar. patronage or aayceedinga with a view to the removal of the President; for thenar,faroruMitJari»asegaofearlavappertamiae;to kaafailedorraluied«esaamallbsexeoiittr*ofaaylaw tbeemploymentofmoneyandofofficialpatronagetoin-2e7ataiiofMI^WIorTerritory aiaotoInquireIntoaadla TMtmie whether aay cfflcer or offieera of >he aovrTM ••at ^nb7<^^-attooorafter•»« P''"JSl*°*e or ijaamiit to rnrnt or defeat, tbe ««-**o» ofany l*w orUVt*fcasbeen said,tojustification ofthe coarseofthe majorityoftheHouseInadoptingtheseclausesofthe resolutions of the 6th of March, tha| two msatbers of themakeInthelocalityofhistiainingquarters. thehostilityofafewpaeuJoretfgiosspeoplelathecityof Salisbury to vacate his comfortable quarters there, he proceeded wilh hat trainers to Winchester; batfindingthelawenoe-BBoeihestBtue *»*. aad weather * S P'resteest House were expelled during the thirty fornth Ooagresi ha*fattedorrefutedtocamps!ueexteutooofanyHlawtaers- uponchargesmorevagnsandIndefinitethanthoseimplied twti awsastee ahail mveatigaie and Inquire Into la these clauses, and noon this groond, th Ms saying so,tim aHmeTstttaThtoeaaor other PenOfflaee aad at tha Pat- would have it Inferred that the action of the House iaS d a i p h T a " c55»u*v% yard., a*! into any abuse* tu coaneo- UMIwahihepoBUe buttdmit an* etherpabtte works of Hel i 5 ( B e s t e d further, Tfett ta he PreaVent. ia bit letter tothe rm^nOtmumtteeUhra*aaotlh» 18th ox .Novembar,MS*, a»e*ka of the employment of money to eoeree eleeaina, against tbe unkaosn persons Inculpated. That charge eald waaaawee shall Inquire mte aad aeeertate tbe amount ao•aad m Pearnylva* ia *••« aoj other Mil* or betes; la whatdntrtctt It was upended **d ay warns and by wroea autkort-tv ttweadoB*. aid from what eooree tha money waa dt rivedaad to retort tbe H i e i of the par ilea tmplisated, aad that, farIkepn*(Ma« aforesaid, sod roaai'ttee si*H aav* power useedfareeraoseaadpapera,aadtoreportatanytime.Tateatesaege relate* only to the two Brat clauses of tbe flrst rttoteiioB,which ate recited in it,and Breasted- tews:- >B e a o l w d . t h a t a c e n H a t t e e o f f v e m e m b e r s «be a p p o i n t e d by tbe fpetki-r for toe purpooe,fleet,of Invest'eMmr wb« her the Prratdent »f the Called t**ie*. or any other officer of the •o>«vRBH<nt. baa. by noney, patronage or other imoroper antes eoagk to Influence the actioa of Oratress, or aay c •>«- ntu>* thereof, far or aaainat the paratrecf aar law aop-r- taiatniec toiha riska of any State or territory: andsec.rod. alao to inquire lat» and investigate whether any c*neer or otl- eera of tie •oramaae a hare, br combination or otherwise,prevented or defeated, or attamoted to prevent or defeat, the •aeewBbn of any law or lswa BOWupon the statuv bsok, and whether tha rreaWeot baa failed or refuted to compel <te axe- ontkfii ol aaj law thereoffluencetheaction«fCongresstobribery,andthatisone;oftbevaryoffencesenumeratedinthe'CoostitutiMi,forthe commission of which it is deslared the President shallbe removed from office. Aad how is this to be done? latbe manner provided for to the resolution against whichthe Resident baa made his protest? Not at all. To find locality not adapted for training purposes, b s "changed any precedent for that we must go back io tiao arbitrarythe case referred to, was o f the same character with that had when the resolutions of tha 5th of March were adopted. But this is not ao. In that ease, ao person was named in the resolution; and a speoiflo charge was madeproceedings%fanEagltohStarChamberortotbesecret thewenue"tothevillageofBox,iaBomersstahlra,onlywas contained in a preamble and resolution In Me follow- ing woros>- *Whereas, certain statements have been pabttsbed charging bit membe-wof ih'« House have entered into corrupt coinbtnattoaafortiw parposa of passing and of orevendng the paiieteof certain measures now pending beforeOongreas; tbsrGCure, .BM8 open a trtal beforepreferred by the Hooseought to be the basis of proceedings by the House of Representatives wbea it to called on to act as theand bow ia it In tha proceedings recently adopted byA guard of marioee, cottotettngof fifty msa,wto and drums, was drawn up oa the spardeck, set tarHHSW YORK HERALD. SATURDAY, APBIL 14, xm-T^t^,,3%PT. A peasant even togWTERCHANGE OF «ra««a^eoti(rTaJredIBourport,tootn*najnj, ^ man. Thare was a vary strong braan^Osenefl,aaanstastoaaf theMayoroahisrtokBoasiattha OtyHefl * a** pa* e a s » < a W 7 nminaries usual an cocaatons of this kiad ksssT!asm '-Ssslr' asiriages to ptor No. from ths corvette,wbas the tossstoaaf that dff£af2fe?'•ar w«m coastitaeBm, to the people of the, Ualtod atstei,to the r epreaentauves who may come after as, to the Presidentta his own person, to the executive department ofthe govorsment aad to tbe oosstitatioa, to grve a full andfree exprjatoa to that spinioa, and I ahail, therefore.prc<*ee^oTdolt with the moat perfect treedom. but with cannot be tor amy ©ossllliilsoaal obtoct,And the* Ham Pnsjtl.st—Botkt Pstrtiea C l a i m ttee to the date of the Persia Bailing—the 31st ult—tberB WisKeaclved.Thatacommitteeconsisting of fivemembersbeappointed by the apeaker, whh pa eer to send for persons aad»»i>ers.toinves'igatesaidcharges;andU>attat^committee grandinquestoftbenation? Wehave hadsuchanum- r e p o i t t h e e v i d e n c e t a k e n , a s d » h * t a e i o n . i t t h e i / j u d g m e n t ,is naeestary on tha part of tha Borne, without any unneces-sary delay.formidabe TomBayersstillcontinueshisexercises onthebroad tionforarenewalofbislicense. Hsintends, however, ailbent,buThe charge thus made was a specific change, for it stated a distinct fact constituting the alleged offence—that is. first, a corrupt combination of members; and sejond, the time when and place where t h e fact transpired, viz: daring the then sersxm of Congress, sad in the House itself. But though this was so, and the papers of the day teemed with such charges, still the Hoose refused to pro ceed open them and raise a committee t o inquire into tbeir truth until probable cause was ainwn by a crediblepreviouscontestsorthering,thsthetowellknowntoal- Htmm MovedAgaim-The8ufittftheOdds-KM totUto fromtheshoresadthetrarrivalatvouched for their truth; and this is a rule which o'n, aniTberrcaldentt%keaBOaxcepttentotharemainingpor- witness. TheHousedidnotadopttheresolutionaul bothtothepublicandtotheaccused. Ittojustisjust doubtluiwhetherebsnapolicemancouldberoundwhoAnother Mneomler—Tk* Last Deposit—ArrtMtX of Morrft-siy in London—Opening of Her Majesty's Thtttn—thetiona«fthattiatreaoiabon,wh'chrelatetoallegedabasesenterupontheinquiryuntilamemberroseinhtsplanepublic,becanseItenablestherepresentativesoftihtetoptehoe,wouldventuretoexecuteawarrantforsheapprehensionJvllitnFund-Haymarkettheatre—Mn.CharlesMat- Thentmestmanofwar'sla pott offices, nary yarde. public butWinrs, ani olhar pnbiic wcrka of the United State*, because, he aaya," ia such cases ic<tuJi.iea are highly proper in themaelvea, and btloEg equa r<uKb« Besato and tlia HJURC as incident to their l*|ailatm dutiea," "to enable them to provide taeletialatira remedies for any abuses which may be" foundait the course adopted in tbe proceeding sgainst the gage with rtspect to tbe second resolution. Ilia protest tbe House against which the President has matte h|s President violates this rule in both particulars. By dis- la made ata net the two first clauses of the first reao'u- solemn protett ? No distinct Tact constituting an offance is pensing with a statement of the particular facts charged tion which are recited in It, and he expressly declares aet forth The inquiry instituted ts limited to no period of against the President, no representative is in a position torailed. The decks were clean; the haaunockaaxan i narranged, ths guns loadeded and to the best passaTa*.to treeand ata'ed, under all the resoonsibililies of s represents Vive, that a member had made a corrupt proposal to him of the character charged, and that he had goot ca-ise to believe, and did believe, that there was such a combina-tion of in'.•abets.pie to decide whether the charges set forth sre of such s nature as tojustify an investigation, and it to Just to tha accused, becauae it gives him an opportunity to meet the charges against him and prove them false.of the idolised T om Sayers.perfectly "serene'' on the subject of bis personal safety, and never dreamt for a moment of changing his quarters, even if there were a score of warrants Issued to prevent hia "breaking the peace" on the 16th Inst., in company with his transatlantic comncti or.tkeius—The "Beateta Boy" en the Stage, etc., ScHeenan has made another mors. After quitting Salis-bury, hit original trailing ground, whence hs waa drivenby ths annoytaganxiety to see him,pa the part of gapingcrowds who came with that object from all parts of Eng- the companionway, to receive the datmratob 'who were about to visit tbe ship. Is front of I land, be selected a place near Bath, where he remained lieutenants sad midshipmen, headed by tha (tine—(Onoclassofpersons—tocircumstancestrans decidewhetherthereareor.arenotanychargesactually plrtngatnoparticularplace: butniswholsofficial•de- madeagainsthimwhichrequirelookingiatb;whilst,onthe is made thef tub), ct of investiga'ion by tbe House, other hand, this very circumstance, that there is no par-In the IiEKAu* of the 11th inat., we noticed tbe state- till Sunday last, when he took his departure again, owing, mander, formed aaother has. As* saoa a <These two clauses are accns*tory in tbair nature; and retard:»gtbeminthatliabt.tbePresidenthasseenfittothroughacottmittcoclothedbyitwithextraordinaryandticularfactallegedsgainsthim,rendersitabsolutelyim-edandboundovertokeeptbepeace.Onhiswayfrommarinesimmediatelypresentedarms,aaavail huribeli of hia constitutional power of communicating wilh the Boti?e,to1»% before it b is objections to the pra- ceeotrgs rnatitnted by tbe House arainst him and otherinquisitorial powers, when not one particle of evldencs, possible for the President to meet the charge of bribery,Bath he was greeted with unmistakable demons .rations of his popularity in the towns through which he passed.Since I wrote you before, the odds offered against Hee- nan are increasinr, aad oa Monday a bet of £700 to £400 wss offered and taken at Tattersalls, and seven to fsur may be considered a s a t present the state or the odds. As the time for the fight approaches, all sorts.ofup in tine on either aids, forming a a iwhich tbe Mayor and the whole companyway to tbe principal saloon. Oars they ifor some time amused themselves la exanialsg (as » corettoct of tbe vessel, welch avery one united • a a menCtog. Among other armaments suspends* a b cabin was a portrait of the Impsror Don Pedre.atsrai which attracted conttderable attentton-me Mayw. other visitors viewing hto Majesty's feateres n iseated ta the photograph with as much pleasure a woald took upon ths origtoei.cot one sy liable of testimony inculpating him In any ie- gree whatever bad been placed before it.which the adoption of the resolution necessarily implies is now made ajratnst him, or to provoke the judgment of the constitutional tribunal upon It so as to obtain an acquittalBut the procee* iogs ot the Ho.-so in the esse of tttocfAmsof tha goremment by their adoption. In doing expulsion of members during the thirty fourth Ciagre.^a from the char pp. Con another case like this be found inthis the Praakieat says, in aubetaace, that the House of has no analogy whatever with those now instituted by it tbe whole history of the United States? Ia there anytion proposes to institute, and having noticed the fact that States in their intercourse with foreign nations H is du- believed that the desire to do something, anything whichnot derived anything like the amount of benefit from Boy but, aa to obtaaint any advantage over hue, ha thinks, If bis training that Sayers has. Of course these stories areBeato a s Consul, MCarvaibo,Aguiar; tha BratIt is directed to no specific charge or charges, but whether the pTerdent hae, by "money, patronage, or otler ina prop.•rmeans,boughttoInfluence,"notthaactionof any individual member or members of Congress, but ''theactscn" of tha entire body "of Oongreas'' its%lf, or "anycommltttethereof,'andthatthemvastsfationwhichtheteto.uiloa proposes to institute "ia aa vague and gene-ralaatbeaiaciiah language affords wordaInwhichto pub;icinterest, and,indeed, the very success of our totheprinciplesoflaw,andwhichwaaof sashacharac- thtnoura.orthattheremostbeadodgeatworktothrowHaeBtatea." which ra^uire that, ia cases of pttaecutloa for ner th i. be may at all times be perfectly free to exercise ditTeient conclusion? Wss the allegation with respect to to 1should be hud we thinkto preposterous,ties are prescribed wltn exactness in trie constitution; and,bytbeprovisionsofthatinstrument, theexecutive poser, to bo exercised by him under its authority, is co- ordiraic with that of tbe legislative department vestal jointly in tbe two houses of Congress.would be likely to advance party Interest, bad made amsioiityoftberepresentativesoftheAmericanpeoplesofar forgetful of the right that they were made willing in-struments to throw discredit on a distinguished opponentby casting on him an unjust imputation, and that, too, bytheadoptionofacourseunknowntotheconstitutionand 1oncamstothetuneofseveralhundredpounds Itfollowspot In circulation by Bayers' friends, and are to-be taken with grains o f allowance. B u t what has had ths most decided effect upon t h s betting h a s been a report that Heenan made a trial—a "glove fight '—last week with a pugilist named Dee Baker—a man twenty-eight years old, who fights about 10 stone 10 lbs., nearly the same weight ss Sayers—aad that Heenan got decidedly the worst of tbe harmless combat. Baker to considered only about asst io•f theUn.'er such circumstances it is obvious to a i that theetiber that their means of obtaining tniormaUon moat be better nan b ck in the saarket, In order to enable his friends to get onmake it. so that ha can have no "glimmering of the na- scheme of government requires that the magistrate, totureofthaoffencetobeinvestigated"undertheaccusa wbomisintrustedthediscbargeofthe many importanttico, be says, m snbatanca. that the principles recogarxad and delicate duties devolved on tbe Presidential office,la"theconstiiutioeoftheUnitedStates,aadoftheseveral shouldbeprotectedfromailinterferenceInsucha man Willitbepossibleforanyunbiased mindtoarriveata tothepositionoffavoriteIsundoubted,butthatsuchoddsas3aay<ffccce,thepersonprctecuted"shallbeinformed,in thediscretionveeteoinhimbytheconstitutionaadtows tbestatement,saidintheresolutiontoharebeencon- the very begmntDg, of the nature and cause of the accu- whilst acting withia the scope of the pty#ere delegated tained in the President's "centenary celebration" letter, sation against him," and " other principles, not leas sn- to him under their authority. And this is what the con- anything but a pretext for raising a committee to assail ared, prr-eentiog aa impenetrable shield" for the protec stitution has done It makes the President completely in- the President? W as tbe eeeoid resolution, which par-l b e Sporting Life, the journal In which t h e statement originally appeared, maintains its truth and challenges a refutation. That the report met with many believers is evident from ths numerous offers made at Tattersall'a to bet £700to £400 on Sayers winning the light. The jour- nal referred to says:—not have been s genuine trial, and it is by no means im- possible tbe reports to relation to it may have been cir- culated by Heenan's friends Corthe purpose of increasing the odds against him. At aay rate, they hare had thto effect.tlea of every oil aaa against falsa charges/"have beenviolated mthe proaecnunn taatttuted by the House o' Rep-rreentatives againat the exacutire branch of the govern-ment,"andmakeshia"solamnprotest"againsttheirpro- anymanoranybody.ofmen,toinstituteaainrestigatiin ceedings "in the name of the people of the United States, into hia official conduct, unless it be with a view to hiadetendrntcf the other departments of the government wbi'at he acta within the line of hat doty; and It gives no right to any other department of the government, ortoports to be based on it. anything but a pretext to get the(rawer necessary to carry on the assault provided for inthe first resolution? There i s no law o f the United Statesregulatingelectionsinthedifferent States. Therearenolaws of the United States punishing the improper use ofmoney in elections in the different States, The whole found sensation in epertitf elrcles. Haeasa's {.arty, jutisdlcUon and control over the subject of elections is IB mattersfcourse,arevaeryearnestilta repudiating theastermercial emporium o f t h e Wee ten the great commercial.because they are in violation of the rights of the co-ordl removal "from office on impeachment for" "treason,nate executive branch of the government, and subversive bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors." Whenaf Us independence;' because they are calculated to foster there ia any reason to believe that tha President of the the seve'al States. It is true, that by the laws of the HODSss to Heaven'sfeavtogtae worsStof theaf'latr. Mr. Faik-that time ifitlaconsideredaivisable. The cause ofthispromotedby our tutoroourse whhBrazil. Innately always maintained friendly country, aad while ws bars been Brariltanproducts,wahave,oathe Brazil a valuable consumer oftherefore feel glad of tha opportunity express to tha repveasBtollres of the I meat before a* our cordtal. ktad aaditowards yoar oosntry. a a d i will always be s s fi ieedly as it Tbe speech having bees teaof thecorrette,he replied Infalre accutauona 'incapable, from their nature, ot being disproved;"aadbecauaesuchproceedings,ifunresisted, "would establish a precedent dangerous a a d embarrass-United States has corruptly administered the duties of his greatpiaca^nviolationofhisoathofoffice,Itistheduty of every man, whether m a p tvate or a public station, toseveral States the improper use of money in the elections isprohibited,andthatooeacesagainsttheirprohibitions are punished by them with severs penalties. Bat suchy thaatBaker put <on the gloves with the Be< to the fact that recently there have been several lind does sot deojit that any such facts existed. IrTbf, ttsea, w s woald Men B O i existed. Why, « - - - ~ -ask, has an ixquisiUon mto the whole official lite of ths Pre* dent been anihoris d without any - -, - _ . n i h ~ < . A . U h n u t a n v f O U O i S t i0O B Ron legal or conatitutional grounds, and in P ^ " , ^ * .tlon of tbe principles of eommoa jusStotf » •y*~*2daWBspeottothemsjorHy.ortoanyin- may it notwith PWrtoty be •«**»"•» * "J?Victory—Statements »f tbe KsagUsn aoreasmtoapprehendsay Interferencetolasfightby•gaMtimc *»*•«§•' «P tffw* -Hgittisr »sttofrrts>» the authorities -Sayers bas forwarded his fighting bootsto the editor *tfsey's Arrival la K-gland aa*Visit to BdVtlJf; to showthattbespikesare ofthe isgslslton Hetvmarkel—UtsOpinionofTomSay-sixeancpo'Dt FollowingSayers1example,Heenanhas era amd Hts Liberality Towards tbe •eattobisbattleboetofar inspection, m order to haveoi that majorityof the resolution against the adoption ofprotestsinthe messagebeforeus,it ,areinthefblowingwe*da>-Reeobed. That a canmrttee of fire members be aeroiitedby Use eveaker, for tbe purpose of Inrsstgating wsether thePreaid#a»of the United sMates ar.any otter officer of the co-throw obloquy on tt* GnisaTmgietrsto of t t a £ * ? • £ * » svtowtoitiiMSSoiikrBdTMtoge to »J»IWstol f*rty« thegreatcontestWblchtonowapproacfatogfIfth«authoritygiveninthefirstclause°f^flTM"f*"Mtion,"tortbejurpose of ****^J*2"2*President of the Unitedltstos ^MTM£* ? £ ? £ ! £ {or other improper mesas, soogbJ; to hsflossssB ttijMBtio*oramireas?'Ac,wasgtvaaby A i B M M i M a j D*pewit—Assemblage of 8pertlag Men whicharemadeof that there WSS good reason to believe that he bad em-inquisitionofsVenetianOounctiofTen. No.Itistobe by proceedings worthy ot the age in which we live—is conformity with t h e settled practice o f t h e country i a which itto to be carried on, and In aocordaawe with the immutable principle* of justice.The President of the United States, as well as all other civil offloers, can be removed from office on y so conviction of treason, bribery, o r other high crimes and mlsdemen.some five or six miles distant from that celebrated water- ingplace,thecityof Btth. Rutevenhers he wasnot destined to find a termination to his wanderings, as ho re- ceived s quiet hist from a neighboring magistrate to "move on"—a mandate be and his trainers were com- pelled to obey. They are all now located at a place call- ed Stilt n, a small village in Bedfordshire, with every prospect of receiving no further interruption in tbe train tog preparation of tbe American champion.'We notiae that two well known pugilists, Ben Caunt and Nat Lasgham. have recently been refused a renewal of tbe licenses of their respective bostelries, the Oosch sad, Horses and Cambrian Shades. In the case erf Caunt there to little surprise felt, s s there bare been numerous pohos complaints against tbe house, and Ben was cautioned by the magistrates last year. B a t wtth Lsagbsa t h s esse was different, as there was not a single complaint against the house, and the police in no way opposed his applica-t h a Senate o n an Impeachment o f Representatives. A a d whatber of Instances in oar history, to which public officers have been impeached by ths House of Representatives, that this can no longer be regarded as an open question. In no one instance, since tbe foundation of the govern- ment, has the House of Representatives instituted any preliminary proceeding with a view to the impeachment of a public officer, unless it was based upon a memorial or petition presented by some credible person, or by a resolution presented by a member, who sat forth the specific facts charged on which the impeachment was de manded, with reasonable minuteness and precisiownas ae-appealingtotbe Quarter Sessions against thedecision. His bouse, Itto wall known, Is ths headqua; ters of ths Benicia Boy and his friends io London.OfJB LONDON COXBXSrONBCNCB.LOKDOV, March 2s, 1890.S^.a^ber^l*^ colorsflytog.AStbeboatsfrombayonets of the marines aa guard, the of her heavy *menu of thsable ported . _ter as enabled the real auunrs of the calumny to escape all the consequences which usually attach to those mak- ingagroundlessaccusat.on'lag to all" bis ' successors, to whatever political party make known the tacts, justifying such a belief, which ofkoccs are oflancee against the State lavs, they are sab. bas leaaon to bshove that Heenan punished Baker to such aa ths scent. The fight will probably take placethey might be attached."The queiiioB thus presented to tha House by tha protest af the President, though one of the gravest importance, • yet restricted within very narrow limits. There can b e Borra!dIffereneeofopraionasto theoocstrtutiona!posi- tiea or tha two great departments of tha govern meat—thehave come to hia knowledge, with a view to bis trial and jeot to prosecution by tbe State auiiorities; they are to conviction under tae authority of the constitution. Bat It be punished by the action of the State courts and if newextent that the Utter waa covered with blood, and bad to bspumped upon before being prsaSSSabto to his friend*. How- at some locality where three or four counties everwearequitepreparedtogiveopourautbariiyfarthe meet; sothatifanyattemptatinterferencetomadeby ttaiem* nia whiaa have been pnbUabed in the Sjponimg Lite, aad the magistrates of one county, the partieschallenge tbe amerttan partj to a refutation of ton rsprsasn into one ot the others, reader lug it thai UUonewhichwsgavetotheworld theofficialscrallthe taordertolegislative «ad executive— with respect to each other. Thaas l b s "Siatoy-tor the high honortheir teasel and their by the Mayortioe of New York He behered thaSt SBSf attsasd by ths Mayor towards Brass aaa falyia equally true that no one, without incurring just censure, can question or resect open the official conduct of the President by imputingtohimthecommissionofacrime, when be has no personal know ledge of any fact aathorlx- ing etch en imputation, and no evidence of the kind hasremedies are requi-ed for the prevention of abuses at these elections, It is clear that they are to be provided for andappliedthroughtbeactionofStatelegislatures.It Is tits theory of our government that the people of the different States are competent to manage their owa power of tbe House to institute the inquiries necessary bees given by sax other petson. Aad if this be true with local affairs. IT this be true in fact, it is diffuult to un-John Morrissey s a d his party o f American companions arrived at Liverpool in the steamer Africa on tbeMthatt, He paid a visit to tha editor of Sell's Aire aooa after his arrival, and tbe totter thus desortbee she inter view :—accomplish their intentions.I tola you in my last letter thattengad b y a asaa anaasd Hurst,reepect lo ordinary individual*, haw much more true is It that such conduct is nnbecoming a representative of tho American people, or in a Hooae of Representative* noting la its collective capacity through the votes of a majoritydeistand on what principle t h e investigation provided for ia ths second resolution adopted on the tth of March is based. The House baa no authority to Inquire intoto bring abuses in the administration of oar public af-fairs to light, with a view to tha punishment of tboaswho have been giiiUy of item, and to tha prevention ofsimilar abases m tha future by remedial legisla- of Its membersr Public bodies, like individuals, In their elections holden in the States except in so far as it ia ne-£io a aide baa been staked to fight for x-SOO aside in fourcessary to enable Hto "judge of the elestions, returns andqnaliiications of its-own members." The election of presi-dential electors is, by express provision of ths constitutionof the United States, placed under the sole sad exclusivecontrol of the several States. It can hardly be presumed,tothefaceofallthesefacto thatftwaa reallytheinten-tion of the House to enter into the State of Pennsylvania,andotherStates,withaviewtothoprosecutionoftheIn-quiries provided for b y the terms o f the second resolution.Such a proceeding would be an invasion o f the rights o fthe States and a usurpation of power on the part of tbeHouse. No one can for a moment suppose that it was the leuges from ether persons, bat in the event of Heenta sue Ptoa of America" w as introduced to a number osurso of whieh several talni satins facts to regart a h objectoftbemajorityof thsHouse. What,then,wasit? eeedinginfanattemptto"whip"Sayersbsauppcesdbewould of his English colaborers. It is said that dar ship were elicited, most of tfIt is hardly possible to avoid the conclusion that the real object waa to obtain the power to institute the extraordina- ry inquisition into the whole official life of ths President, which Is provided for in the first reso'ntlon.ia its ecastructica wss to give security to the citizen; and theHooser tbeundersignedtocompelled tosaythatto that end our national and State constitutions, and oar there Is cot Nay. more, I am constrained to declare, and statute booka, are filled wth provisions to shield I do it with pain, that an summation, of the resolutionsand protect him against the approaches of oppree- adopted by tbe House, coupled with the circumstances as-tion, ween that Is practicable, Is fully conceded by thePresident Upon that point there neither is nor can beaay dirpate. The qcestwna actually presented by the pro-teat the unde r signed believes to be these aad these aioae —First, Has tha House an unlimited power to institute andcarry oa investigations of aay hind aad for aay purposeaccording to its own mere will and pleasure; or is it re-BtraiceJandcontrolledintheexerciseofthepowervested losaythat,inhisopinion,thatactionoftheHousewasain it by the operation of tbe great principles of law every- where recognised throcghout our common country, where the rights of individuate are concerned!' and second, If It la so restrained aad controlled, then was the actl>a of the Hooae. in adopting tbe resolution complained of by the Preaidret, m violation of those great prlaciples of law, or ia eoafcrmity with tbcmrbreach of ail those rues of decency and decorntn which afaould obtain, between different departments of the samehave a look at th* old country, and the isle of his nativity,and partly to see Ike contest Between bis old oppo- reeded to the headquarters of Sayers and his backer, theWIIISBM them oa board the Isabella.A desultory oaarsisaasa than ansaad hstwan acfdolt asw 1 being fUU U might we ha 1867 «•reanitne'pc furthe bsfoi rope shipm a\twh ad up make coma ducin •Bonecotto: and si Ytrioi role iiThe undersigned cannot for a moment conceive thatthere is any room for doubt upon the first question. Oar tion of his official duty under the Constitution. WhenBayers and Heenan. aad that, should Hesnan win, he is the only man he would flgbt—so that it was useless for others to chaitenge him. A great deal of cariosity has beenmanifestedtoseethemanwhodefeated Heenan,that they coald remain for a few days anger to island and other inatitatioas of Nsw York, sat mander stated that hto orders were deAaJUre, ad to the vessel must leave positively oa Meadayatta to goes direct to the Azores, and thence to varices aSrsm poito—eight mall-and will return to sVastlataseal*nature, judical, and it is as much the duty of members of the House to be guided by the principles of these legal and rocs jTutionei provteiOBs, when they are called on to act ?n questions which concern tbe personal rights of men, as IT they were formally invested with the judicial er- mite Thai has been tbe common judgment of the wh lie American ptop e from the very foundation of tbe govern- ment, and I cannot for a moment conceive that any oneoaa have a doubt oa tbe subject. Considering this ques- tioa SB settled beyond all controversy, I shall now proceed to aa examination of the eeoocd one, vis : Was the action af the House, ia adopting tha resolution complained of by the Pmident, in vmUtloa of those great principles, or la conformity wits, them?The right of the House ta enter upon an inqmiryasto whether aa ofenea baa Eat been committed, or if a parti-offeuchan inquititioD, with a poser, to be exercised attheirdiscretion,tocallforandcompeltbeproductionof builtBssjaowtoftheEnglishboxer. Heremainedtroder invitoi ths company to take wins, ««•• •— -»• proposed the health of the officers, which was ara*»a cups of Braatltoa wine, con n*suv>gtJto.samrparsoa*netgnvtyofaerlsae,tonotthemerecreabably be got up ia magnificent style; tbe " Kotsd 4i Fi- Ths whole company, withthe garo;" "«deiie" sad " Der Freixchutr;''" Almina,' a" afterwarca sat down to" * * * 1 _* toflots* o f a erim&al naturegnilty of a curiam speetflV? crime, when n o evidence o f aay kind was before the House to give rise to aay suspi- cionagainstfete,woaldbemorethanImproper:itwould be an outrage A a taquiry of thai triad, male with re- spect to any one by the public authority, Implies from its verynaturethattheretoreasontobeUevehlmgnilty.advise no one to take aay notice of any report or tha kind.Rumorbad mentioned thattonguineasandfiveguineaswould be charged for conveyance to ths scene of action,but he now stated positively that the charge would be £ 3perbead,andarrangementshadbeenfullycompletedforbringicg such an Important match off In a manner gratify-ing to all classes. They had heard much talk of Heenan. have directed it to be, to hia widowed and orphaned mSkesoch diirpoaiuon af the crewAndbowwoaldsuchsntnves'lgattonh»rebeengons into on this charge If it had been the intent ioo of a majorttrof and property of our cttisms. They are also d<Bigoed to the House to enter upon it In good faith ? The first step "earstnom fcttheposiesstoaof ttkstrgoodaames; and* takenwouldnecessarilyharebeentocalluponthePresi-,Offioah*jr?, rerew JSS?'So«s« * lOur laws are not alone framed t o protect the personsof having committed a crime, aoable ground of suspicion, , and the law gives redresser officers to aid ia navigating thetodetailaa. I rotasaf thaarew*!tosnajIntercourse with each other, are bound to the observance of all the proprieties of life. This obligation, wh ch is im- posed on them In tha public interest, was lost sight of by the Hoose when it threw an imputation anon the official integrity of the President without having any evidence on the subject before it; aad tha undersigned to constrainedoa Friday evening I shall attend, aad gireyoassme and his brother officers bad met wtth astatot hat fetogovernment, for the preservation o f that harmony a n d ind feeling between them which are essential to the easy and proper transaction or the puolio business.It is the imperative duty of the House to institute pro- ceedings against the President, if thnre is any reasonable ground for the belief that be baa been guilty of the viola-nent and torn Bayers. Ha should take BO notice of ehsi Horse Shoo, to Tlehborne street, where the "ChamMayor, the Consul aad ths officers sf tbssMa.abany fact is made known b y a n y competent evidence which is calculated to raise against him a preau notion of that kind, ao matter haw slight thst presumptfon may b e , I shall be among the first to demand action against him. But is there any proper foundation for tbe inquiry into thegovernment Is a government of law. It was the designof its ftamsrs that everything connected with its actionshould bo regulated, as far as practicable, by positiveconatitutional provision o r legislative enactment. Thereis ao such thisg in our wbtile system as a gran*of an-lisrited, arbitrary power. One great object had in vie r conduct of tbe President, which has been authorized by na.ure of a criminal prosecution, into the whole official«omi anyiug their presentation a n d paassge, af) r d just grounds, ia. my opinion, for the belief that the prooeodlng againstthePresident,whichtsthesubjectofhisprotest, was cot instituted in good faith, and that it Is not based on any ground, real or pretended, brought to tha notice of members, wh'ch would afford even a color of excuse forengaginginteeinquirycontemplated.AndtuiaItoeUgbted. and the heroes fraternized at once. Whether the some of Heenan's points and style of fighting, sad thst he gaJlantTomwill learn anything from himtoassist himto the win rtmaia with him most of ths time until the fight takes forthec ruing battle remains to be proved. Tom bas Informed placeusthatrotonlybasnorrtoseygiven him valuableadvice, but Mr. E T. Smith hasIssued hto programmefor theAt three o'clock the Mayor sad on the poop deck, when a aerate af to tbe most precise aad profoaaloaa occupied a position ia front of thestan, and to furnish him with remedies against iuva-skwa upon his riahm. These provisions were intendedtooperateeverywnerewithinoarboundariesforhissecu-rity and protection, and the barriers which they interposeagainst kajsattce ahouid be as effectual for his defenceageiaet wemg ostnlng from one quarter as fromanother. ThefunctionsoftheHooaeofRjprescn-tativei «ith retpect to investigations Into abaseshi the administration of oar affairs, and into thernamsrudoct of our public officers, are, in their under the pressure of the previous question, two rcsolu the committee of tbe House, employed to tbe prosesutionwill now proceed to show. The Housr , in i t s actiontwo fsmed pugilism was of the most friendly charactor, asd the favorable impression made was reciprocal. Sayera was pleased with the frank a a l manly address of his American backer and compeer of the prixs ring, and Hor- lissey was equally gratified at the athletic, powerfullythoroughly cleaned aad newly decorated aad painted, bothInside and out Among hto names for the season are Pto-colimini, whoto announced to take "her leave of the Buglish publie to a series of farewell performances, whichalEO involve her final retirement from t b e stag*:" Made-moiselle Titteni, Madams Lotti dells Santa, Madams Maris Cabel(theoriginalDinorah,fatMeyerbeer's"PardondeI'loermel"), Madam Borghl Memo, aad Madame Alboal—last, though by BOmeans "least," ta aay sense of theword. The tenors are Oioghai, who has already male aa also complimented tha captain sad officers, throagkaon the 6th o fUorr—one containing the clauses which are the sabj«ct of the Pie-idea's protest, and another (the second resolu- tion) in the following words:—And resolved farther, That as the Prea'dant. in bis letter to tM Piuatujji centenary celebration of the 26taof aovember, 1353. spore of tie employment of money to eoerx eiectiias. sM committee shall lr-qulre into and ascertain tbe am in at so u«ed in feneeyh-aiUa aad any other State or Sutee; in n b u districta n vi u expended, and b» whom, and by whose authority it waa done and from what source tae money was derived, and to report the names «f the parties xnplieated; and ihat fir the purposeafore*aid. saidcommitteesh*llhavepowerlosendfor pert one and papera. and to report at any timeThe statement contained In tha letter of the President, as set forth in this resolution, Is the only ground on which thy whole Inquiry contemplated in the two resolutions is predicated. No other ground for the action of tha House was alleged at any time by the mover of the resolitioas.The visit then beeame general, and resulted a i s » apactiOB of tbe whole rasas! b y t a e gantieeaes meant Shoetly before the termination of the m l , theesMS>ployed as a means for controlling our popular elections. If Congress has the authority to enter Into the State of Pennsylvania and tho other rUatea of the Union, as thoMarchadopted,and pais into precedent, what becomes of the boasted sent were Messrs. Falkland aad John Gideon, ths respec- tare af aa arbitrary otocratioa. Tbe power of tbe Hooae, No evidence oi* s^J « « « bevoad th» &Uegea statement Immunities of the citizen? They disappear at ones and tive repreautatirta of the interests of the American and liketha.ot acourtnearsucha subject,can only be ex- contained inthisletterwasbeforetheHouse. Norwasit rerever"widerthe arbitrary power which mayatany Ecglifch^ciiampiots; Mr.Dowltog, tbe editor of Bell'softhtls* alar.*be mereJy Lmnropsr in one case might be highly oan-rorable In aaother A roriag etuamtosion to inquire intopossible offences, without any reasonable ground for thebeBef that oOnces had been committed, wau'.d certainly resolution contemplstee, for the purpose of Inquiring into which underlie every well ordered system of law hith- sion. As was most likeiy, there had been a great deal ofbe improper; bat to raise s committee to inquire If a violations of thsir election laws, and exerting a gaaeral erto established for the administration of jostle*. taik as ts whether the light would or would not take place smrHsJnlarparsoa,rtssteusftiilby*name,hadnXbees supervisionandcontrolovartfaetrcitizenswithrasoect , ^ MILKS1AYL0R. onthedayspecificallynamedintbearticle;batheshouldsteamer Candinmarruh —JarA.NBSB SlSABBBBaa FBASOSOO. March, 30, SIR.—I have the honor to inform thsarrival at thto port oa ths 17th tost, to thato tbeir o w n elections, such a charge, if credited b y the House, would not only justify but require the adop- tive,ontheport oftheHouse, ofproper measuresto seenre a thorough and searching investigation into its truth.to with that object that WD*B a pnvato persm, upon the dent for Information as to the facts on which tbe cha-g > "of adesiretoenforce thecriminaltow,throws madebyhimwasfounded,andforthenamesofthewit-nesses b y whose testimony these facto couId have been substantiated. This would have necessarily been the Irs: step taken by the House if It really designed basinganym r-ftote.-rhere was so little time allowed us to prepare aminorityreportthat,owingtothe distance Betweenour residences, it was impossible for us to gat together and prepare a joint one; and in consequence of this, though agreeingentirelyInourviewsonthesubjectofthepro- test made by the President in his message af the 29th March, I860, we were compelled to prepare separate re- ports,inordertobeabletoreport in time to haveour views presented at tbe same time with those embodied Inafter a passage or thirty-sevea days from t"a***; ninuaeneeo fOongrsss,of aay tow,"to to accuse the six days from the tinprovisionforrakiagBp Forauchservicethehim. I will here company •'after ths rats oft h ely reasonaBtlgae*farraisingthecommitteeaHJoao rany'committeea n d efficient steam Tessetolessthat450Jhorse pugilistwaaoratotallydifferedcharacter,andhisbeha-V11 I Thomas M. Tryniskisan^snamswawwss as a* atssnnea, a*a*nmsn>tosarv4m as!!' nawc»309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comsf t t s s of "historr.voyage being the passage oat < This is in addition to the sum paidaHew York oattbe* Fight, Ac.heath of Newmarket, undisturbed aad unmolested by the "powers that be." This arises from tbe olNomstance that in Newmarket be to utiveraally popular, having s o frequently taken up his training quarters there for hisPSBffsa frtnTssi that aswWtolsb - . ^ ^ there was nothing to beaten on 1most every inhabitant of ths place. Indeed, so thoroughly imbued with the lore of sriortjfwhether horse racing or the prize ring, are the denizens of Newmarket, that it isBet at TaUertdOs—Reports About lZeman'tThe Glove Trials-Time tf fkt Fight-BeenamCondition- Matched forconsequence of the difficulty of mat ing war heavy waves that rolled b toarardt ths at 'Is the amp, ropes wereta the twinkltog o f aa ays, they a a the passengers put oa board tbe corvette.Baker hai made suck a statement, It moat have been Invtnted by Mm to ceoetve known friends, or moat have been dreamt by him whea teat to dorse by Jack's left mawlay. 1 hit one or both statemei la have obtained credenee among certain persona uiuaiiy well Intsrmed en such subjects taoertaia, from the fsct IBMthree persons aad their Iriends have freely betted 3 toon better le'ms. Kven supposing Baker did, aa he tbu.lt get thebeatofititiascarce.yprobablethatHeenanwouldhave done alt he knew. ThatBayera by his pertoraaanoas Is entitledaired to postpone the occasion until aha a s s aocknw i thirdrateman,aad•ajnslib forSayers. Sail,thismay thestreamwherewecoulddosoin a mora appranaThe remark s which appeared in oar impression o f Wednes- dayrelativetoagloveBipxtthathadtateaplanebetweenHee- nan and Ike Baker, of vTeatBroaawias, have created a p r oBefore a majority of ths House deliberately decides topersevere In the course entered on by the adoption of theseresolutions, it will be well for them to examine the reso-lutions and consider well where this course to to lead.Theresolutionsnot onlyauthorise an inquisition,in ths expressedsisownopinionastolasresult bylavingout£6Ju houses,wherecrowdswerewaitingtoreceivehim. Thislife of the President, and of every officer under the gov- ernment, without any specific charge mala or distinct fact stated on which a charge coald be mads, but it also arms those employed in making this inquisition with "power to send for persons aad papers;" or,in other wor•is, to compel, at their discretion, every person withiaDecember This is the first Brazihaa shipof war tn • on Payers, and on Wednesday afternjem he weat to Tom's morning he started for Newmarket to meet Sayers, aad ever visited an American port, but ttktobebseaestrainingquarterstopaythatheroavuit.Tom,orormrse itisprobablethathewillpurthe'•Champion''upto manyothersmayfollowtobartrack.In consequence Tom reelsObligedbynlciaBoy, batbeirsittathsttheresultwaasthaereverseof that successful interferences oa the part of ths pohos whichwestated;indeed,Mr.ralklaadinformsasthat,al- wtthprise fights, aadthsobjectinthtoeasewill though he was not present bhnself at tha satto to she barn, bs be, b y sntlapating t h s time, to p a t t h e amatols offbe has bardsomely permittee kirn to sttnd £100 to mining coming operatic season at Her Majesty'a theatre, which thelimitsortheUnitedStatestosubmitallthepapersia withhimtahisbats.Suchliberalityaatolarequiresnocom- hecertainlybasarighttohopewillbemoraprofitable cannonswerebeinguncharged,andstoodtheart•"his potssesion to their inspection and perusal at their mere will and pleasure If the institution of criminal proceed- ings against individual", without any reasonable grounds ofsuspicionhavingbeenshown,displaysaaatnlentdisre- gard of the rights or the citizen under the law. what most be thought or a proceeding which invests a majority ofment veteran of the tented field. Am soon aa tot a a Morrissey at once proceeded from Ixmdon to Newmar- than was the tost at Drory lane. He presents a strong ceased tbe captain sainted ths Mayer, who, tifieat ket to visit Sayers, agreeably to the invitation of the Eng- programme for the season. Which commences on the 10th him ta Spanish, aaiU-" Commander. 1 an astolishchampiontohiaAmericanfriend.Themeetingofthe ofApril—inpreparationforwhichthebousehasbeeathe private papers of every citizen, and that, too, in t h sface of the provision of the fourth article of the amend-mentsoltheconstitutionortbeUnited States, whichde-clares that "the rights of the peeple to be secure m their the test deposit on the 80th ult B e expresses the mostthat the protest made by him against the action of the House baa a silld foundation in the pr wistoat of the con- stitution of the United States, and in those great principlesstating that the whole of the money in this interesting match had been made good, and that everything was in a fair train for bringing matters to a satisfactory conclu-Claudina Cucshi, who acquired a great reputation ta tbe " Sicilian Vespers" when that opera was first produced In Paris. Mr. Benedict and Signer Arditi are appointed "Directors of ths Music, Composers and Conductors" Ebr Majesty has commanded her box for the season, aad a brilliant oae to anticipated, -the report of the majority.GEO S. H0UitT3H. MILESTAYLOR.I vent to the Haymarket theatre last evening, and sawA Now Luti or STBAersiu BBTWBSH BOSTOX AMD GAL-by punishing tha wrong — « , serious proceedings on this alleged charge with a view t» wav.—Tbe 8 t Johns, Newfound tan 1. papers (ate exulting ther. Heenan would receive fair play on the day, andperform that set viceLieut. Thorbura sad taes. BatBOsuchprotectionto theexposureofthecorruptInfluencesheretoforebrought overtheprospectofthsconsummation,duringthe com- all,presentandabsent,wouldbesatisfied thatsuchwas on the part af to bear upon oar elections, sad applying a remedy t > £f.!UttJ5!T' 2L2 JP,oj#0t w h f c * " * / « • " Sas engaged the case. An impression was entertained asroes the wa-dinmarrtih is a screw steamer of wtth a srew af *7commanded by Caps.Admiral Kim BtoriahaaVaaas uaaathem for the future. But It was not taken. On the con their serious attention-the establishment of directsieam fer thst there were ill-feelings here towards the American— oat of trary, wbitst this charge, said to have Deem made byth comiBUBicatioB with England and ths nelghboriog conti- (Mr. Falkland—We have no such rears)—but such was in the President, to tbe only avowed groond for say action o I eent of America, the articles of agreement between the not the case. In point or fact it was the very reverse,limbs. Old Chippendale to playing at tbe Haymarket, ap- parently quite as sprightly as when, twenty years ago, h e waa at the Park theatre.The " great tatemetiooal fight" hat afforded food even for the drama. At ths Olympic a very smashtg little sketchhas beenprottassd, whichto doetothesoataagtbe "Benicia Boy" tovisit the part of the country sheis Tae Cardicmarruh to,incasesaOact-*lh» Powhatsawas tohareJsddswl tbeHousetotoadoptarescission, tooowhatr Why, to UJe Admiralty having been swatod, bywhtoh the men. Ifeither manImproperly adopted the tumble- "mill " the wholething turnson a mistake whichis theICthcfFebruary,and I •xPJc*»u to fadpersons and papers, "for tae palpass sf toveetigatin ~,7 whether the President afthe United Stales has, by rtoJBo"*»*ad fromBossesto GalwaygsrtaighUr. ways ought to be to such cases, decide againsthim.0 e w 0 k M d f r o m Y o r k u Practices of this nature combined with manyothers, which it w a s a c t necessary to name,in, for the purpose of selecting a training ground. Mr. Nagasaki and Jeddo, but always i?alwaTl?mtehr.i .h X [ K " • 'QBIway fortnightly, alternately, by means of a sufficientBenjamin Bobbia, a retired and quiet Utile tradesman, takingatripintothecountry,stopsatthisinn Ashtowars, therefore,awnumbereachsteamertobeofnotteasthan2,000tons,builders' veryreversewasInrealitythe case. EverytrueBritishof good•nostsatialinduced manytocondemn thsringas brutal,whilethstbe approval of ths a^stoajbltoj tIae call at St. Johns, N. F "•Mlthe deliver at*c, to be subject to vior recogBized nothing unmanly or improper. There the steaosass are to were exceptions, tt was true, and it was this alone that outward created the difficulty. If bad practices were allowed inbind theniselveato the ring,itwoald positivelygotothedogs. Astothsrofthe"Champton,"aadtoreceivedwithgreat eclat American flags are waved about hia, aad bodtat aboutod by way of welcome. The whole village • out to see mm, aad a local pugtitot insists upas "put oatbegloves,tasfriendlymanner,"withmm,pssssge,theAn^icsnBremenweret— •J BailtheUntitled Document" so, rut • nasi gtaksCsn nasi III'Tea *•'-' *»••*-"•»•— -"ABOi at lo TSwithinmuch, of course, to poor "' vtaotagthemthat"B.B.Finally,la con- Car"Benja-psaaltyofdays at New market along with Sayets, and then returned toLeadentobepresentatOwenSwiftsat thestakingofThegentlemenofthepress,somafiveorsixtaat thec<Londi Tht are os a f are o line < themaota am ttfeyititisi Feling s.16. ahor rath bills forigoldtail TlChAJqueOtic Bt1 One Has Mob)'Vfe, Man1 lag Je*1thesubjectoathepartoftbeHouse,thefirststeptokenb AtlanticRoyalHail SteamshipNavigation c£pany and sad strictlyfair pbywoald bsobierved between both raiseaselectcommitteeoffive,withauthoritytoBendfoA^J£?£2*to?«*ng*"Majesty^mailsfromdownsystem,therefereewouldbethere,sad.asital-madebythelandladyofaeeantrykaawhstoexpectingShebaa.probably,par" Batsanguine confidence of Sayers proving the conqueror since he has seen him, and the heavy investments he has made here em such being the case will b s materially increased now that he has bad aa opportunity of judging for himself of his physical capabilities.Tbe staging of the last deposit took place at Owen Swift's on the evetlog of the above named day, and waa wit- nessed by a best of the celebrities of the prise and bet- ting tings. Morrtesey and Jack Hamilton were among tbe first to show, and the American champion was, ofupaaasasamade. ThepowerofacourtIsone pretendedbytbemoveroftheresolutionsthattherewas timebeexertedforhisoppression,whetherhebeina Lift, SsTdtherecognisedauthorityonsportingmatters _tberighttoaxasmsothatpowertoanothsrand anyother. Well,whatdoesthisamounttor Taestate- privateorapublicstation,atthewidofamars majority throughouttheworld;JemmyShaw,ofcaninenotoriety;persona, houses, papers and effectSj sgainst onreasonabie searches and seixares, shall not be violated; aad" that "no warrants shall be Issued b u t upon probable cause, supported by oath o r affirmation, a n d particularly d e - scribing the place to be searched, and the parson or things to be seised?"immense reputation, both bare and in Paris; Mongiui and M. Btlart, a Sianiard, discovered some time since by Mr. Lumley. The baritones are M. Evrard, a Belgian, who, hoaever, Italianizes his name into "Everardif' a Slgnor Feliar and Stgnor Sebastiano Bmconl. Signer Al- dlghieri sad Yialetti M. Gamier, husband of Mhdams Gas- sier, make op tbe list.of their members. The following a i eAldermen-Darragh, Starr, Russell, Bagley sad Councilman— Hall, Hogan, Burns, Shannon, Ba-ilch and tbe President.The vnit having been oonctuled, the steamer BrThe first approaches or arbitrary power are always In-sidious, at dare cifefullv veiled under specious pretences.If proceedings of tbe character of this just Instituted b ythe House are to be tolerated by the American people, course, the observed of all observers. Among those pre- hem given ia England stnee 1828, an3 which will pro- the two vessels separated.appearanceofAlboal; "Laxreriate,"forthefirstap sjnrte a dstGarent thfcag. And HIs the same with the |uii- ment of the President, if any such was made, was con- of the Houseof Represartatlrea. It has been truly said Ben Land, tha celebrate 1steeple chaser and turfite: Tom paarsace of Piceolomtni: «Higotetto," for Madsetoi power tof the Bocae. Before the right t» ex-tained In a letter wrlttea In his private capacity, in which be condemned t b e use o f money for carrying elections, which, he intimated, was now a frequent practice, andtesy% lanceisthepriceofliberty;"anditwillbewellforthetoyieldtothepresentchampion;JerryNoon,tooeccen-Memo,aad"Martha,'forMademoiselleTitiensaadSignor TbeJapaaesethat the teaching of all history shows that "eternti vigi- Paddock, the twice conqueror or Aaron Joass, bat obliged moiselie Brunette; " La Favorite," for Madams Borghl 1American people and thetr posterity if they are u o t for- tric b u t undefeated bero o f t h e light weights: Harry Guigimi, with which the season will be inaugurated.it, by evidence of soms kind sufflcient to g!re rise waa fast becoming a great public evil. This state- getful or the lesson in this crisis of our affairs. Brunton, one of the seconds of Sayers in the forthcoming For the ballet, two of the most aacompUshed dancers We publieh below a highlyto a reasonable suspicion as to the perpetration of an ment, If It could have been properly made the In conclusion, the undersigned declares, that, in his fight, ani Messis. Berghans and Nast, the respective ar ia Europe sre engaged—Mademoisel s Amatto Ferraris tenant Brooke, of the United States Ithry, to aoflencs or the guilt of the md-viduai. Ia ths absence af bass of scticn on the part of the Hooae, would opinion, tha positions taken by tbe President in the tiats tf frank LeMe't and the New York lQmtrattd Nem. and Mademoiselle Pocebinl, tbe successor of Charlotte tary of the Navy. giving aa account af hissuch erldeBoe the right does not extEt.andthaiasti- have placed the President in the attitude of one making a message reierred to the committee,trnd which wersstated The editor of Btht Life, in the course of bis remarks to Grisi in " Esmeralda," beside Mademoiselle Salrtorri, fromtt of an ioqairy would be improper. Bat what would charge to tbe effect that money had been improperly em in substance at the opening of this report, are rtght; and tbe company, observed that be had great pleasurein Naples, aboot whom a great deal bas bsen said; Mile. Japan to Saa Francisco, to chargs of thslBBS exist, there mast be good cause shown forJohnMorrissey,hisconqueror.wasthenpresent.Thelatter said he had seen Sayers, and that the Englishman woald most assuredly win. Who ought to be (said the stake- holcer)sbettorjudgethanMortoseyrASaaEnglishman, be (the stakeholder) hoped that Sayers might win ; still he bad and should receive t h e American, as he was sure all parties in this country would, as a cousin and a bro-Cooperasbemightdeemsslvtoasnw Being informed, bowenBasat proposed snadtag a Mr aadMrs.CharlesMattliewa. Itmaybeinteresting theyhadrsqasstodrtogOlvery act of fighting being termed brutal, it was sheer non-sense. (Cheers.) No real Englishman existed that did alter a great deal bf ameatverybighaea,not mothsvsisnj ^fr^aeet'y^ aJuthaatwoarjtorss sflbt^not ikethe principle ta its purity;and whenproperly rely apoa it that it would stillbeteh public He had no more to aay to reiterate the toast be had ao often expressed be-inhiswere on deck, and fct »• not until ws s*» r~Zt bo performed prior to that bkNswfouadtaBdgnrsiaaiBSi fore,aadItwasasentimentiawhichhefeltsureivery dtaposittoBtodomanner. BotL branches of our dty legislature havepa ed a resolution which, after having been properly anas ed, will be presented to the offloers, expressive i tk pleasure they have derived from their vtettto tak at and tendering to them ths freeiom of the city a** York. I can only aay that New York, as yeaB is stated in sporting circles that the artictee of agree- mentinrelationtotbelight,aofarastbeyprovidetorits aadthstws cave derived taking place "on tbe 16th of April," hare bean cancelled, and*- our population from for the purpose of allowing It to take place previous to and that that commerce baaOn Bt rday afternoon John norrltsey. the only opponent ofJohn C Heenan, arrived la tab country by the .atrie*, aad aaWednesday paid us s vtoBat ear office Marrtosey sita.ltfully i ii feet la height, and his weight he Informs us whea hefought Heenan. waaUBt lib ; In band be is not uullke HarryOrme. although three inches taller. His mug ia all over thatofapugihst aadtheretoalookabouthimwMeheonvlncesoneatcneethsthawouldpro»eatoughcustomertoanyone Hsinforms et that he is Irtah by btith, aad was foaled ia the yearlbSi.hisparsonconveyinghimtotheStatesbeforehehadat-tendedtheageoftwoyears.OnInquiringwhetherheiniendod ttorrieseyandbissuite. TbeyreachedLiverpooloa totakauppugidamInthiscountry,berepliedthatsuchwaaa'4 Mondaymorning,andcameuptoLondon on thssame thanrepeat hissincere thanks tothsgeatiesns,to hs wish; w hadleft hisfamilyand ma business, partlyto evening. Upon his arrival Morrissey immediately pramonths time. So you see Desnaa IB laying out work forthe future, whatever may bs the result of his contestwith layers The final deposit of £60 a aids upon the caved by the peopte ai4 thefovernaatta ol hat ceanwaad he could not but express the baps that them aton coming flgbt between Heenan aad Sayersto to bs made ly relations might long coacnue for h a awa sanksketches of the English "fancy."No Inconsiderable degree of excitement has hseaness during their stay to New York.people o f this country a r e a a a awasglad toseesomeofthe anbeardaBrasiltoasbto-of-war. BVessldtsasancreatedheretosporting circles by thearrival ofJohnhave to fulfil his promise of again "whipping'' that hero W e log t h e evening, beicg asked if h s Intendedetss< e1 toobtain ha opinion of Heenan sqaaUflcations, aadhastatedbisbeliefthatIfTarnlareally aagoodaabehasseen tofightiaEngland,Morrisseyreplied that be hadcoma committee? sf lbs Carpotattoa aaanssai I reportedtobetoAstertea,whyhawouldwhiptheBeatenBoy herefornosuchpurpose,battosesthsfightbetweenwith tolerable ease; br t if he at all fell sh >rt of that mark, thsboot might be en the other lag To what extent Tom's praiseshave been sounded on the other aide of the Ateuttcwekaovnot: bat this we do kx ow—that he ia a real good one and onethat will take some whipping; but that there Is any thing to jus-tifytheext'avagantoddsoftwotoanawadany. Morrtsaeyhts andyesterdsy hs went round to tha various sportingMr. Smith Dames twenty one operas as hto available -when tbe yards were manned, and, amid ths lasyatoa repertory. Among tLem are) « Qfeerea.'' which has not of the officers aad men, and the respoase otnew opera by Oompagaa, In which Piccotominlto to Tine's establishment tn Bay street, where era;Iassume the chief character; " Semlramtde," for tbe firstthing wat ta fall abundance.Thus ended this pleasing sad rery hrsly attasWSiThe JulUr n fond for the benefit of the family of ths late composer promisesto bevery successful Bassori- ginated immediately upon the reception of the news of poorJulUen's Insanity, and was intended to relieve him from bisdifficulties; batthsAngelofDeathhavingper formed this office, it is to be appropriated where he woaldE. Kern and nine of the crew of (be fa«iaars • companyme.,family. A "shilling subscription" hasb»an opened, which is meeting wtth great ant ocasto the American admirers o f Mrs. Matthews to know thatsince she bas bean to England, she has grown exceed-ingly fat, and wonderfully improved ia her acting, havingworn off the sharp edges of her style, as she has of her resistors fJoopsr areoobt* * "isallmarked"B.B.,"henatoncetakentorthe alterleavingport,asweUasdaringths,ABJOTOTBB Mnrsm-A large Bumber of laborersta the Schuylkill ooaJ regioni are oa a strike This tt caused by several heavy operators refastog totbe regular "ansasaar'' wares, as heretofore, tafe^dapoheaad every part of tbe vessel showed the most active discipline.mander Josethe Braxtlbatotor, M. Lnbos, attended b y hto 8ecreta-y of M. Mmttesuma, as well as by bis staff, jto tbe stateroom, whea the HOB.dressed the commander aad officers of ths other Brarfban ispTtwutBtlses, aa follows:—BBBOB CbaataniBTs ASP Gawnmamr—I hare tat acattoa ettenderingtothe offloers of thto sab, representatives of tae Brazilian government bars tha hospitalities of the city of New York W e " paid you thto respect before, hat for tha fact thavesselbasbeenrepairingattbeNaryYard,satajt>hare already sppasred la ths Hkuugratifiedatyoarcourtesy.BepleasedIsreceiveata cere thanks."theBtittee appointed to vast tha corvette —CorporttioaCaIn s former communication I informed that, with the crew aad officers of the turntoSaaFranctacointhePonameso fh acame alongside of the corvette ani took offtin rada*  