 ;WHOLENO. 8555. g •--^MORNING EDITION-WEDNESDA Y , FEBRUARY 8,1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.THE NEW TORK HERALD.NEWS-<*.«_ ef the 8e»*»•» t-» *»*• Officeof payments for the town site of San Francisco. Re- Political Intelligence.ferred , TBB NBW SBUTOB FBOM CAUTOBBU —The te learaph hasMr. Mason, (dem.) of Va., moved that when the Senate announced to us that Miltoa S. Latham has been elected adjourns, it adjourn to meet at one o'clock. Adopted- by the Legislature of California to the seat in the UnitedTHE PRESIDENCY.ef the law York Nationalterposition toe preir_milory symptosTc^arrier^ Perry was sent to arenas the slassb-rtog people of tbe North? As fearfully ss b.to sections are now agitated, may weippreprtorten Bill.Til immWWTBFkUMEKI PWYILBCE Mr. w_BW, (rep ) efleseivedLthateexcawment for places. Mr. Marsten to-day was pursued Congress allowed it in lieu of damages.After further debate and trifling modification the amend- by hundreds of i aiportonate man aad boys. ment was adopted.border on tbe Ohio river. Each one of these districts is to part with the advantages, so that they may escape from tbe insolent interferences of thosetry.Mr. Sherman, tbe flrst candidate of tbe black republi- 10—Thornton M. Niven,not BSETBUCAE CAXDIDATBI FOB THE Horsa ntnrreio. Mr. TOOMBS, (dem.) of Ga., moved aa amendment to Much interast la manifested to regard to the printer of vice, in the benefits of the MU. Adopted.Sylvester Nicholsthe Bonn. The conference to-night of thoae who voted for Mr. Paantogton was called to determine that TassJIou. Mr Weehburne.tfllltaoto.nreiktod. and Mr. Colfax wasthe Secretary.After a spirited debate, the•aaiinattan:—Mr. Abram & Louis Nam; Mr. Dafreea, of and Mr. Coombs, of toJ Mr. HISTER moved to reconsider, on the ground that the department did not know the sub contractors.Mr. DAVIS, (dem ) of Miss., thought the amendment eminently just and proper.Mr. TOOJIBSsaid he wanted those who did the work to get the money. He did not want to give it to those who prowled ahout the department, aad got the contracts, and sublet thorn to honest men wbo.did the work.Messrs Bicn, (dem.) of Minn., and FTTOI opposed the vidence oa the 1st Instant. It was attended by about 1,000 that some other than myself had assumed the dutyAlbert Fmmsns. IS—John B. Plerson,Levi Smith. 14—James Brady,Samuel G. Courtney. 15—Orville Clark,James M. Marvin. In— Walter H. Payne,He sneers at the fears of those who apprehend a dissolution of the Union, and reiterates the idea of a consoli- 17—Darius Clark,Three ballots were token and on the last Mr.received the highest veto, bat thto Was not sjssjsjhajsm elected, it ia Mr. MkcheU* design to anile wife Mrs. Baitey ia the publication of the NaUamai Mm.Mr. Mitchell la endorsed by Mr. Blair, who was in the caucus and advocated him as a good Missouri republican.amendmentMr. Doounxs, (rep.) of Wis., said the amendmentwould giro the department endless trouble to deciding on the mmfltottag claims of contractors and sub contractors. The contractor was the man who suffered the damage; he had furnished the means to aarry on the service when the government failed to do so.The amendment was reconsidered.Tbe amendment was then rejected—ayes 17, nays 30. The third amendment provides for the abolishment ofpersons. Tbe follow in g nomtostioas were made ;— For Governor.—William Sprague. of Providence.for Lieutenant Gove nor. —Isaac Saunders, of Scituate.For Attorney General— Thomas K. King, of North Pro- vidence.For Secretary f>f State—John R. Bartlett, of Providence. ForGeneral Ivasnear—Samuel A. Parker, of Newport Tbe last three nominations are tbe same as those madeof fpeaking oat boldly and of pointing to the causes which have brought our noble country to the precipice on which H now steads. When I flrst entered public life, twentySesrs ago, ss a member of Congress we had great uomes- c national issues. The nation was divided into two par- lies, each tod. It was true, by warring statesmen, but each truly national, conservative and patriotic. Tbe issues were those appertaining to practical questions of governmentalpolicy. They referred to tbe important questions of nance, of commercial, navigating and maaufac- tmtog interests, sad to tbe proper conduct of ourdated and inseparable Union:—Difsolve the unkm of these States' Fellow citizens, my people live afar off on the shores of one of the beautiful lakes of the West. If ibey were to hear a_mg them such talk as we bear from tbe democratic officeholders of the federal eapt- tal, they would not bang them, but they would deaounoe aadcurse them.Passing from these professions of devotion to tbe Union on tbe part of Messrs Pennington and Sherman, the mis Bton of the black republican party to further unfolded by Mr. Hickman. .He, too, declares "that tola Unkm shall not be destroyed," and how bo would sustain it He re- peats language previously made by him in the House of Representatives:—That if at any time hereafter any portion of the people in the South shall attempt to sever the TJnkm which now 'exists, and which a conservative and preservative of the rights and liberties of the whole people, the re are eig hteen mUUoos'of peole in the Northern free States that are determined to preserveEfAnd what are tbe means Mr. Hickman would employ to preserve tbe Union ?I say to you tonight, my fellow citizena, that If it will require the Stale of Virginia in arms to take Old John Brown and seventeen men and one cow, it will at least require more than fifteen feeble fitatea ot the South to successfully compete with the eighteen mighty States of the Nosth.A. Beardslee. IP—Pan if 1 A. Campbell,Jacob L Radcliff. 10—A. B. Watson,Deles W Dean. 20—David Moult on,Norman Maltby. 21_W. G. Sands,Carl A. Kohler. 22—Wm. Baldwin,Wm. H. Watratb. 28— Lysender H. Brown, Samuel J. Davis.24—Trios G. Alvord, Nathan F. Graves.26—0 W. Candee, Geo. H. Carr.26—N. Rapier, Reter Pontics.27—James B. Howe, Chaoscey L. Grant,2 8 - W S. Hubbell, Ferrate. Dtoiney.29—Joseph Sibley, Geo. B Red field,W— C. T. Chamberlain,ington R,public, on the flrst ballot. On the seaond ballot the prepayment of postage.TBB CHARLXBTON CONVENTION—The Charleston Courier foreign affairs, and, in the assembled wisdom ofMitchell had thirty-seven, Dafreea thirty-six, and thirteen scattering. Oa the third ballot Mitchell had forty one, De- frees thirty t v e , aad fourteen scattering.Mr. HABTW, (rep) of Me,, said the amendment had no business there. A difference of opinion on this point led to to* defeat of toe bill at the tost session.Mr. Tut MUCH., (rep.) of 111., denounced the abase of theannounces that tbe Institute Hall has been engaged for the use of toe Democratic Convention, and that the Hiber nian Hall has been secured for the Mills House aa an ad- ditional space for dormitories.Congress representing every portion of our extended em- pire, however much men differed upon these topics, they were unanimous to upholding tbe public honor, the public faith, and protecting from assault the domestic righto of each other's constituents No man was found bold enough to advocate a theory which struck at tbe homes8id _ e firesides ot women and children. No demagogue is found fool enough to assume aa attitude of hostility to e right of families to regulate their own domestic rela-tions. No party or faction was found base enough to at- tempt to obtain political power by catering to morbid Sentimentality,founded upon mistaken philanthropy aad hen»volence; and, least of all, had it entered the minds of men or parties that it was profitable or wise to array oneVMr BtsLcp, Commissioner of Patents, has refused to themselves. Let the persons who are benefitted by thegrant an extension of the Bajelow carpet power loompatent. This will absolve one carpet company in Hartford from tbe say meet of three hundred thousand dot.lar«, wheh would have been their royalty fees had the benefits not enjoyed by the republicans, who do notthen become our duty to pursue, we will flrst bang htm aa a dead man bethought them of the pair of boots, but On torn in tbe North that could be aroused to political useful- traitor and then attend to the traitors South.pattiit been extended. ,rax Bosmv roiutcrossHir.The name of Gen Whitney, Superintendent of the Uni- ted States Armory at Springfield, Mass., has been nomi- ed 10 tbe Senate as Collector of the Boston Custommeet in Chicago till June. (Laughter.)Mr. TOOMBSaccepted the amendmentMr. SIMMONS, (rep ) of R. I., opposed the amendmentas having been improperly introduced. If the proposition had so much merit-it might carry itself through.Mr. CoixAMBB. (rep.) of V t , said there were special tows requiring the Treasury Department to pay out sevenableandthe murderous larcenist could be, was a questionnot so easily to be solved. A relative of toeculprit, who happened to be present at the house, deter-mined to find out at every hazard, and accordingly instructed tbe gatekeeper to allow no person to depart untila search should be instituted. This request was obliging-ly complied with, sad the first man picked out as mostlikely to be the guilty party was a personage enveloped ina capacious cloak, tbe folds of which, it wss thought,might easily conceal tbe missing articles. But the searchto this quarter proved unavailing, and, therefore, another the iniquity. If the present condition of our public affairsHoure. vice Austin, removed. Caleb* Stetson, President hundred thousand dollars to the Post Office Departmenton account of the transportation of free matter. If theef toe Shoe and Leather Dealers' Bank of Boston, was amendment passed, those laws still existed, and the trea-Whitney's principal competitor The probability of Aus sury would not be relieved. The subject wss one re-quiring preparation and examination, and ought to be con- tins removal aad Whitney's appointment was fore- sidered by itselfshadowed in that correspondence week* ago, hut doubted Mr. DAVBJ advocated the adoption of the amendment and ridiculed by some of the prorinoiai journals of Boston. new. They could then go on and perfect the system. The amendment proposed, first, the reform of an abase, ArT01.VrBB.tt8 OOSnBMKD BT TBB SMSATB. and secondly, a change of the policy of the administering The Senate ia executive session to-day confirmed a department The abuse of the privilege was in the bur-I*1 ion, let us not in contemplating it lose sight of toe just responsibility attached to those who originally batchedLeaving, then, the consideration of the Territories thusingeniously introduced, Mr. Grow distinctly avows the being no demonstration or excitement, except what a itsue tobe:— usual with a contested election, op to s i x 'large Dumber of Postmasters, Diitrtct Attorneys ana dening of the mails with a large mass of documents.Mr. COIXABSK explained that previous to 1S51, tbe Post- master General was limited to giving out contracts by the The President sent to the Senate to day the name of 0. receipts of the department Bat when three cent postage was fstahitobed to 1851, it was provided that the mail ser- vice should not be reduced. The eonsequence was, that the Postmaster General bad unlimited discretion, and amid, if be chose, increase the expenses to twenty or thirty millions. Mr. Collamer moved an amendment, re- pealing the acta of 1847 and 1 - H , appropriating $700,000ttrsn purposes the very dogmas uttered by these ever, the boots fell to the ground, amid the astonishment republican leaders to the North and practiced by Johnlight* were pot out, sad s rash mads for tbe ballot box to destroy to The first attempt, however. waa unsuccessful, aa tbe five special poboemen defendedW. Rhodes, of Tennessee, sa United States Treasurer. Be was confirmed, and afterwards leeosnsdsrsrt and re- ferred to Ike proper eossmtttosserttog that hs was the possessor of a museum, and de- sired to add the boots to hia list of curiosities. He was allowed to depart without further molestation.herents justly chargeable with furnishing the material with which our national magnstne is about to be exploded, aad tbe fact that he and his adherents, defeated, aban-P*omb testified haftre the Senate Brown Bald Commit- and left far Haw Tetk.nutratraama* or mum' SBAXCB ok wcongress will take action on the subject of the inaugu-annually for toe ose ot the Post Office Department.mmtoated their poison into both of the political parties ofthe North, corrupting the politicians and diluting theprinciples, until integrity and nationality have almostalike disappeared from each. My friends, the time hassjrrived when the North must have a thoroughly nationalpaxt\ to aave tbe country, ft must be national in all re tbe design a to exterminate it from the South, under tberatioo of MUM' statue of Washington oat the Md tost. A After further debate, to which Messrs. TOOMBS, COLLA MmtandHAUir, (dem)ofCnl., participated, a vote was large number ef members of Congress have takes on Mr. Trumbull s motion to toko oat the proviso,wiiangaesB to make a liberal spproprksnoa to and it was rejected by yeas SM, nays 82.expenses of the occasion. It * in ooBtomplatkm formally Mr. S u s a x moved to postpone the bill until half partib«t his father was incompetent, from partialderangement aad other illness. Ths counsel en- sad we cannot stop to dtoc&ss the relative rightsto tnvttetha New York Seventh regiment to participato to the ceremoniea.IWAB SPAI3I iWD •OBO000.1ta of the war to Morooco have beenana o'clock to-morrow. Carried.The Senate than weal into executive session. Adjourned. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _A r m y Intellfge—ce.The following assignments to stations of officers of thegaged to tbe case stands:—For the contestant, of tbe cabin boy aad the captain. Tbe appa- A. W. Bradford, Daniel Bowley aad A. W. Winant rent fearful abyss ready to swallow up all ourAs supporting tbe will:—Lot 0 Clark, A. C. Bradley and great interests, should admonish us that a superhumaneffort a necessary to save before all to lost. WhatMatthew Hale. The case was called on the 81st alt, to it to you or me whether tbe people residing on theupon which occasion Mr. Lot C Clark, who acted in draw. borders of toe country we bereft of proper protection,At^**^>OMSml«•*»Wr^^))«family., iVerdict—"—Bat when? WhenWhen BO \2? S . T _ ; S _ t aoaeato upon the abstract q*• **as BBBBMBBBS,l a ssrordr-oanthe Postgaro actios that bottoaance of tbe 1foelT Itodacumlca brings us no fear. North have never had aba " fortheiradjudication.ti« s have confuted theThe"peofUe of"the. r c n 1 arms,up n whtoh there Is only a smalltbecuiidiigisfiiooo. The icem of tbe other occupants Wan tbe slave at tho South, hot rather ask ourselves_SS5aSSSfe_s«_Mr. SstnuiBCKY, (dem.) of Del., Introduce! amendmentsto Mr. Dams' resolutions expressive of devotion to the Broderick. Mr. Latham was elected Governor of theState Convention ifipotocnKnt of imminent peril of the whole country, why does net thoNorth cease to profit by slave labor? Why do not tho not, therefore, again hope tba* tbe same haad wfl beStales Senate left vacant by the death of Hon. David C. Untoa, 4te. Ordered to he printed. State oa the democratic ticket tost September, and wasDn-isTiOATlownrro TEE A—AIRS or t a t oov-vention- speech ef layer Wood,kc,•taut of theUnited la the power of removal and appointment toWhy do not and mechanicsNorthern oesse totraders aad barter to merpure and simple, tbe part ae shall act in ooaatrwctiag that platform snd to tbe creation of these candidates wfll re oound to tbe gtory or ths ihrmr at thirst iThiigs nasalsnp the Post Otooe Deficiency bill. Adopted. S bill was taken up and read.tained that they will have five thousand majority. Last times r Why is it that thto great country Is now distract- must inevitably ensue. As the latter mode appears not ed by antagonistic elements fearfully conflicting—that a to be toe one contemplated by the black republican partyFive thousand copies of the proneedtogs of the last l a t a Convention were ordered to be printed.correspondence pay for it.Mr. HAUS moved to amend by changing the time toT r o u b l e A m o n g tb.e jL.lqv.or D e a l e r s . ELECTION OP OFFICERS OP THE LIQCOB DEAL_tSr ASSOCIATION—GBANTJ FINALE—SMASHING OF THSBALLOT BOX, AND A GENERAL FEEE FIGHT, ETC" The election of officers of the liquor Dealers' Associa- tion took place at tbe '•Metropolitan Rooms/' in Heaterstreet, yesterday, and ended to the destruction of tbe bal- lot box and a general row. We give tbe particulars; as far as we were able to gather them, below. It appears that some members of tbe society were not satisfied with the wsy tbe funds were used, aa targe sums were at dif- ferent times appropriated for various purposes, sad no account had been rendered of tbe manner to which they bad been spent. The consequence was that a new elec- tion wss ceiled for, which took place yesterday. There were but two tickets—tbe present Incumbents, aad the opposition. Tbe polls were opened at nine A. M., aad the election conducted to a peaeeable aad orderly way, thereApril. IT it extended to the 1st of May.it would be after the Charleston COBventton, and the democrats would havelooking for them to tbe place where they had been depo- n*FF— that there existed a fanatical, non political element Which, under ha experienced guide, might become profi- sited they were found to be non tst The idea immediately table and available in controlling the numerical power of suggested itself that the boots, like many more vain abe government. With humiliation I admit tint our State articles, had been "feloniously taken, stolen was selected as toe theatre, and our own previously away" by somebody ; but who trusted champion, Van Buren, was chosen tbe leader of tins hellish plot by which abolitionism was first warmed toto partisan being and now used as an infernal maoblne threatening the destruction of toe country. And thus Was laid toe egg from which was produced tbe so called republican party of to-day. From tbe Buffalo treason— conceived, applied and promulgated as I have described— tots flown the dogmas upon whirh has been erected tbe buck republican party of the North; and .however odious and dangerous it a to the peace and continuance of toemender thereof.C o r o m e r a ' I m q a t e s t s . OCT Ha THBOAT—Yesterday morning,great In 1869 tbe Bomber of patients treated for almostevery variety of disease which "flesh to hair to," amount- aad interests to make bondmen free they will do so in wavered ta the maintenance of such doctrines. Let all Owen Bodes, was arrested by ofitoar Jeaato_,aad oa hisabout o'clock, a German shoemaker named David Sommera, •fry years of ago, residing a* 144 Church street, oat hisimFIR* IN NINTH AVBSTB.—Between twelve aad one wouldbetbepeople ofthe North undersimilar circum- pathisedorbeenidentifiedwitheitheroftheadvorssmo- toThomas Cogaa,1 *~°L___*•**' **throat from ear to ear with a rasor.He was conveyed totions to which I have referred, be excluded from oar con fldence snd communion. Whatever may have been tbe difisreneeof men heretofore to so way connected wkhthe New Task Hospital, where he died during the day. O'Keefe held an Inquest, when it appeared that by hia wife about Oveago, aad became low spirited ta consequence. FATAI Imimai—Coroner CKKeefs heM an inquest on a body of George Foist, a German, forty- 8ve years of*bodfed_btoi_idoao»,_«Sbty-_rrd street, from Oaf _______• _________ _____r__ ____ Mill—1I—I—ft—Ibefore JMHH Qasskhsiebaushb,.wbh©s comimikttied COowgaea oa a ototoa f e s _ , s a d _ « b - r . o a awas injured, but oa itrsckia tbe left knee, theMr.through below thevea fear heTemperance Graven- at O.'kttge 00 Wod«TM*£^VXUScap, anddtom s o t* i o n si. 1piebearted. Untilaroused to the designs of theparty. Mea who had mecbaaically voted_?_r_ W&L2_""T1^-»*««*-ofMituccess,g&£3 r_n___«efi*'03—•J BMSTQ 101 NEW *» ttm r?- nesday,Fehrsary8.their regular txba J1 Jfavealinaugurated only two daya previous to his being chosen , Introdaoed the following:— Senstor. Tbe seat to the Senate M now hold by Hon. Story P. Haun, under an appointment by Governor Weller The annual salary of the Executive of California to ten thcusand fleUars aad the term of esrvtos twoand products of slavery, give op their ill gotten gains fhsrlTStrn f taw rtntrn s ptotferie id pitaiil|il_ sod to se- and live aa the South to preparing to do, upon tbe fruits lect standard bearers for ths contest of next November.TdetfHeJpffefrittkn fhtItBMfiftgObttrac-it theloathe!IkeMississippi. th- eoDtrel of Ote PresMea* sxetudlBg the amy and navy, bit years. It may seem strange in the minds of soma that a —>e Convention reassembled to-day, and, after des not the whole black republican party of the North practi- we are. Tbe history of tbe democratic party foratohead report the number of ofltees of trust and profit uaderiaeiudtocsaeh s e a r s under tae ooatrel of the bead, of de-cally execute their doctrines by the non consumption of Southern agricultural products? If they are sincere, why will they not do this? If slavery ta wrong, why ta It so wrong to traffic in or consume its ptoducw? h* negro ser vitudc at the South a based upon cruelty and oppression, why deal in, and use as articles of necessity, tbe fruits ofBOparallel to tbe condition of tbrngs as now existing. At no period sit ce the foundation of tbe government has a Presidential contest presented a similar asoe or involved a similar coaaktoralioa. For tbe flrst time there a but one issue, and that issue a life or death. Sack stupendous consequences never before were dependent upon tbe ac- tion of a party—a party, as it were, tobe reconstructed by the National Convention about to assemble; sad as thtotravel back and forth eight times, for which tbe govern- Subsequently Mayor Wood appeared In the hall, and combine to the exclusion from use of cotton, tobacco, ticn whether we shall have a party at alL Ifment allows him, in mileage, about two thousand four was enthusiastically received. In response to tbe calls of sugsr and rice, how long would It take to abolish slavery sals shall there prevail, aad true patriotism override jea-in these States ? It could not exist without this custom. lousies and selfish controversies, all will be well, but if in- It would droop and die under such a withdrawal of patro- temperate passion, mistaken avaitability, and a comwo- nage. It would tall a victim to the imperative commercial mife ot principle fball be adopted, all will be lost Rotofreaking se-lvUssw, the nil will -uadoubtedly he donated A resolution to print the Meteorological Reports of the dollars which be would have received had be remained sponsibility. I shall endeavor to discharge the duty, if follow the non-intercourse created by non consumption, aad destroyed, and over its destruction will be reared a--,.^ 1 Vj 4TM4Wei im d"-—*^! __>_» Jg wsF^w»aW_v*B'<n»—h*w«L "JejeW A WO*ma V I A•we of the Admiaistratip _,Chnr epeciai Washtasrtoa Despatch. Feb. T, 1W0.U toe Senate persist in their sanandmoat to the Poetana is exerted ta• U M U U B theatea or Terrhertoa, and whether any and pay of a United States Senator, but it should be borne in vention, when the following gentlemen were selected,office Appropnatioa bill oflered to-day, shidamtof, the vorably acted on by the Court of Claims nmrraw vsraonoLooiCAi. aarnirrs.the members, Mr. Wood spoke as follows:— GEBTIXBKN or THE DELEQATION—I thank you.The honorw he a it got* heck to the Hone*, aa a large majority of Smithsonian Institute caused some debate, members are averse to aaeh a psoposjttoa, aad are wil- lathtwo years Governor of the State.Tumi COSGKSSIUOSAI. DISTRICTHARDSnm.i. Co.WE.vn0N.—not satisfactorily to all, at least with firmness and conscien- and the States of the South would then bo driven, as were monument erected to black republican aaaaaa, to be fol- tionrness. To be one of tbe State representatives thus tbe States of tbe North, into tbe emancipation of their lowed by tbe Inevitable dissolution of ths Uatoa.selected by those who have been chosen by the free suf- slaves. It to a matter of exclusively local determina-frages of the national democracy of the several Congres tion. Time alone can extinguish it, if it be aa evil; but John A. Green, Jr., Samuel G. Courtney, Fernandoling to defeat the bill rather than it should pass.Mr' Fnea, (dem.) of Ind., said the request to print came from the President of the Smithsonian Institute and theInctdss* to the aasxpaoted delay of the paamge of the Opmntieskmer of Patents,Mr. Fkemmupr, (rep.) of Me , opposed the printing, 011 Pa* Oftea Appropriation bill by the Senate to-day, owing the watt collected was not authorized byThis convention met on the 4th inst. aad elected Thornton sional districts, to a high and honorable trust Such a po- when extinguished, who will cultivate the cotton and rice Wood, J M. Marvin aad D. W. Candor were appointed apartawsaa, and the smowst eefito- thoae aseatettdto soakotoee; a!*o, further, to inquire whether any power and patron- n n ; M » , IUTUman should be found willing to give up a salary of tenthousand dollars a year for three thousand, which is thepatching some unimportant business, proceeded to theappointment of delegates at large to the Charleston Con' to influence the legislation of Oongram or anysy are paid or repaired to be saM by per-wkatemaeofmwm* I I W I W W of trust and profit aa oontrtbuttooe in «u p.mind that while the Governorship to for only two years, theviz:—Fernando Wood, John A. .Green, Jr., Gideon J.port of si—firms, and to inquire whethsr the power and pa- term Mr. Latham will have to serve will cover nearly Tucker and Joshua R. Babcock. Alternates—William C. the evil? If the unanimity exists in the North against thetronage are used by beads of dssisitsaaesi ever subordinates,urraacies aad coatraetors. Aal alas the allowance made to four years' salary, amounting to the whole to sftriffe less Beardsley, James T- Soutter, John Haggerty and Benjamincouraetors of supplies aad those employed 10 purchase to- than twelve thousand dollars. During his term ho will Chamber lain. rernsaeat sites, vessels, anginas, As, kmsasortaaon of stores,Ac, and report by hill or oaaaj warn.n t T « » r u i »Mr. IvmaoN, (dem ) of Ga., from the Committee onChurn*, reported several private bills which had been fa-institution of slavery to tbe extent stated, a general deter-mination to do without stove products would undoubtedlydo much to abolish slave labor. If anti slavery England result a dependent upon ths success of thatana France, sad the Northern States of America were to sad reconstructed party, ao will it rest with that 1year the republican majority was three thonsindfive res to make provision for wrapping paper, mail hundred.people territorially, commercially, and in all the essentials of the North, we are to infer that the former to the dread-first amendment made by tbe Committee on Fi-After other business tbe Convention adjourned rim au. aad happy,are thus distracted and nearly destroyed? the whole country most become all free or all slave, aad LIST OF THS HABTSB OP WTW TOBE MBLBGATM TO____ep he. It was agreed to.sagas it amendment was to the third section,pre- "ThaiTBB CONVSJ—IOK or Borrsxax STATSS.—Coventor H)sks,to tbe Northern States, domestic commercial therefore, to accomplish such a result, Northern military THE CHAsUMOTON CONTENTION.The Postmaster General geea on making contracts just as though Congress bad made an appropriation.tion.INDIANA Rsrts_sxvrAnvHi.—Each of the first four Con-Ble of that section are preparing, with one accord, to uow themselves upon their own resources—to sub- sist esclueively upon their own productions—to be gov-Wever mind Harper's Ferry, my "Mends, that ia a nine days' wonder My friends, it always belongs to republican iastitn- lioi s that there must be a great varietj of public opinion upon all question*; and our only security a to bear and to forbear, and the strength of our institutions depends upon love of coun-Mr. B r a n s replied—The Postmaster General is com pelled by law to make these contracts. The Postmastere—Wm Radford, Franca Burdick.He bad a plurality of votes, thirty-five against thirty, the franking privilege after the 1st of May, hot that all by the republicans. three for Dafreea, of Indiana, aad Coombs, of the Wash- persons now entitled to the privilege are exempted fromfranking privilege. He waiMM to see the whole system The caucus then adjourned to twelve o'clock to-mor- abolished, and moved to strike oat tbe last clause,row Mitchell will likely be elected to- morrow, mromam? naomon aaunva TOmsarroaxu. LBQBBJLTJQX. The Attorney General has given an opinion to the Secretary of State, to the effect thai under the lamas- Nebraaka bill two-thirds of a quorum only, and not two- thirds of all the members of the two branches of a Sar- r uirai Legislature, are necessary to pass a WM over thetio>?rnor'sveto. The language asad in the sot isiden' 1<•<» w.to that of the constitution of* the United States torelation to buls vetoed by the President. PATSKT OfTia AFT-UBS.which would saddle toe expense upon a constituent who received letters or documents.Mr. FBsnBiMUi, (rep.) of Mo., alvocated the amendment as it stood.Mr. RICEsaid the present object was to pay the honest debts of the government, and the Senate should not em berrafs action by introducing subjects not germane thereto.Mr. Toon-as said the mail contractors had no more claim than any other class of the public creditors. Mow was the best time to get this reform through. This privikge, which costs the Department now one million eight hundred thousand dollars per annum, ought to he aboli*bed. It was not proper that members, who wrote to constituents on public business, should bear the burdenCity/MiBDXRors CTBiosr——AiisMriiii LABCKNT OF A BOOTfoured, it is stated, to 2,1B», and during the same period 8,801 pre*criptions were compounded.tbe lock of ths stable door.and Cock bad comm'-'represented by a William, viz:-First-William E. Xiblack:communities and States which had formed with them a solid compact of fraternity andcans, scouted the idea of dissolution. umph:—G. J. Beebe. 11—Joseph O. Haabroack.Second—William H. English, Third—William Melee Dunn;include auh contractors who actually performed the ser- Fourth—William S. Hoiman; and each one of these repre- federal protection. Thus, as between these sections, itHe exclaims in tri-A republican Speaker Is ele sted, and no calamity comes. A 12— Henry Snyder,BmosorNQ TO STBTBBSS, TBB W m POWONBR.—One of thelatest illustrations of extraordinary devetopement of thehump of curiosity was furnished at the execution of Ste-phens, the wife poisoner, to tbe prison yard of the Tombs,on last Friday. It seems that immediately after the low- Sction of this glorious Union against the other. But, my ering of tbe culprit's body it was conveyed to a smal lends, a few years thereafter, covertly, yet surely,A Union supported by bayonets a the ideal of Mr, Hick- Fredk. Foltett man. He draws the line strictly, and seems to glory in 81—Jno. T. Murray,Stasia, utterly bankrupt in hopes and prospecte, conceived decent burial. In making the necessary preparations to 9m iniquitous abstraction by which to regain lent partisan power or destroy toe government, to the detriment of allwhether partiescarriedindividual, wearing a shawl, was compelled to undergotbe examining process, though protesting against theoperation, and asserting his innocence in tbe most vigoroos manner. The moment the shawl was removed, how- _ese who originally created and applied to par-This conflict between the labor that owns itself and the capi- o'clock, when they became nctay aad unruly, aad at tal that owns it has caused this long struggle m Oongress, and seven, when the polls were declared closed, theto-day shakes the political elements of the repubUO-of the bystanders. The guilty person, who appeared to Brown in tbe South. Like tbe fa len angel, who was the bo a gentleman of respectability, excused tbe act by as author of all evil, so ta Martin Van Buren and his ad-The conclusion of toe matter a a union based oa force,and intended as a means of carrying on the irrepressiblesnd necessary conflict between tbe two systems of labor. it with their clubs. At thto point a man of toe same of Such to the avowed policy of the black republicans, and Jack Mafotel drew a revolver, which created a great ssa- in pursuing it they threaten to hang those who daaeat at eetton, aad crtos of 'Shoot, shoot," were beard for some the North, and to compel tbe South to submit by force. time. Those bent on tbe deetructicn of tbe ballot box And to this conclusion are we driven. Tbe sequence ofo'clock yesterday morning s fire was discovered to a frame building oa the corner_of Fifty fourth street aad Ninth avenue, owned by Mr, ~Dtoahart • Tbe building 1ftroyed. Loss on building - - , . - , — - stork of wool, blocks, 4 c , owned tar Mr, $1 SCO; insured for $900 in the Standard pony. Cau-e of firs unknown.9*MB or A CAuroBNux -Coroner Heskwood, of RJch- _The stoles preparty wa sas SsoBwssosmeatiy toaad coaces the cellar of Coses* shop.on the body of one ofbad recently returned fT^^BBfor^acafd that weald not bar* boon Nad* towould not have been ready to resistItH4awr-'-«-- —slaves free.ee. We did, by gradual _______baser metal to oar polka are therefore quite prepared to down to the root of tbe_____—,_-__FIRE.—At half-raat twelve o'clock tba morning a fire broke out in tbe brass and flatabtog shop of Messrs. Rich & Ntal, on Water street, near Fulton, which was, with tbe cent nts, entirely destroyed, together with a building ad- jointng, occupied by Mr. Flannel MessrsRich*Neal'etossissaidfareestimatedfitil.ooo.!_~*|^&_5_^ _,.-. Mtt''!-t-r___SW-&7providedtorhisdecliningyears,weturnedtoenegrooui to die upon the common, or to become degraded and de moralised Let us hear no more of Northern sympathyr<3Iadtiong_ to vrmeuj^S^P^Sbe^ryboaS!anoilfactory,LteUlaeace. The centree* for farBtobtog_ s e w jto hs nironl *m>,wv Untitled Documenthkteousness~ * 7"todeemedaharmless sentiment are t9m m************"* "*^^*pie connected with self interest, sad until ws have pro »Itftof, M M foot, fruitful of 1vutd and cared for the oppressed laboring man in oar revulsion. Aad may wo not, therefore, to thto view, o«n midst, we should not extend oar sympathy to ths thank that Providence who has thus far ao ktodry nur- laboring men of other States. Bat, my friends, If R*e tured aad protected oar oscnmen coaster that by tta in- u u.- that slavery is aa evil and its abolition to a thing 10bo obtained by tbe sacrifices demanded of us, even at theDelegates at Large to tbe Charleston Con- New England manufacturers, and tbe orators aad poets, extended over as to allay ths troubled counctta of ths and the priests who have subsisted so loag upon tbe toil peopk? Bat, my friends, we ere to proceed toAc, Ac. SYRACUSE, Feb. 7,1880.of their OWB labor, depending atone upon their ownSelected ss tbe representatives of toe 1hundred dollars each term, making an aggregate of salaryand mileage of thirty one thousand dollars, for little overthree years service as a Senator, against twenty thousand you have conferred upon me is equalled only by iti re- law of supply and demand. Non-producing would speedily must ensue. Tbe party will become disintegratedM. Niven and Gilbert J. Bebee delegate* to Charleston, andsition is always one of grave moment to the people repre- sented ; but under tbe circumstances which surround us, and the questions to be determined by the Convention tofields of the South ? What will become of those beautiful Committee of Arrangements and Correspondence. savannahs and the broad fields fruitful in wealth beyonda hundred Californiae ? I will not attempt a description Fernando Wood was unanimously chosen Chairman ofHarvey R. Morris sad Cbas. S Woodward as alternates.to the dtorwmtan of the franking privitage, a memorial isla _ _ _ _ _ _ _ —<• e * _ _ _ aaasw the aaatl contractors Futafly the further consideration of the subject was NEW HAMFSHIKK ELECTION -.The annual State election which we have been elected, renders my duty the more of the situation of the South when slavery shall be tbe Charleston delegation.now as**, fsmytof far fa* aasjasmt sf the MU as It ffljvw* rromtbeHoose. If thai oaanet he asm* withoat delay, they ask that the mtsreet olaaaa ami all other objec- tionable features he strwken oa|lation, stating, m conclostoo, that as to retake Immediate aettoiin New Hampshire will take place on the 181b of March arduous and responsible. I shall fill it as best I can, re- abolished within ber borders, for it can be done bat to A statement was made that Commodore Vanderbilt bad omci AmtoPBUTio?t sru—raoposBD ABOUDOJI lying upon your counsels and support to make my office two ways: by toe faggot and the sword, or by tbe non-ok TBB FBANJtm; rmyrLBoB. next A correspondent of the Boston IramUer says the profitable to the national democracy of the Empire State consumption of her products, aad total impoverishment of tendered the use ef a steamer to take the delegation to Mr. Hr^TSR moved to postpone prior orders and take republicans have canvassed the State, and have ascer- and the nation. My friends, what is the state of the toe country, and annihilation of toe black race, which Charleston, for tbe payment of tbe running expenses only.which ere m riSmai) to make a nation intelligent, free ful weapon about to he used. It has been announced thatof Maryland, in answer to the request of South Carolina interests sre droopirg, A pervading spirit of fear, doubt power must be exercised, aad Northern emissaries toand distrust is manifested—capitalists timidly shrinking The following are tho district delegates to tbevMtog that interest should only be paid to contra*'torsemployes mtder the dark will be retained by him. The themselves, and be in full of all claim for damages, aad to send delegates to a Southern States Convention, says he from active participation in tbe pursuits of men—patriotic incite negro insurrection the fearful agencies. That the ton Convention :—It is said that only four or five of the thirty or morasubject of dismissals and sppntokaaals was mater con- sideration to-day. The number of applicants is mor usually targe.The appointments will net he made for a weak to Col. Forney leaves to-morrow morning far PhiladelphiaThe Doorkeeper,, Mr. Msrston, hat appointed at hM flrst , Captain Darling, Doorkeeper ef theprovidirg that no interest M to he allowed on the tost quarter.Mr. Hrsrsx said it gave the interest to tbe contractors in lieu of damages.will submit tbe matter to the Legislature, but gives it as bis opinion that, while the people of Maryland have cause more than ths people of any other Southern State to com-plain of the loss and Injury from these conspiracies andhearts beat quickly and feverishly, and, for the first time since tbe establishment of tbe federal government, good men talk seriously, yet with horror, of the probable ap-Sroach of an Impending national crisis At the South, mugh a different, yet a no less deplorable public senti- ment exists. There tbe common temper is that of menobject of toe black republican party ta each a forcible abolition of slavery, is more or less distinctly avowed by their leaders on tbe occasion of an ovatiou to Mr. Pen ningtoa on tbe 2d inst, just after ha election as Speaker. Mr. Pennington held ont tbe idea of an indissoluble Union to which a conflict of opinion must necessarily prevail:—~ e are one people, snd I trust in heave, we shall over re- main sa there will slways be in a free country like owe diversities of opinion, different viewsaod a great variety of in teri i-ts which must aeceasarfly prevail.What he meant by ''diversities of opinion" he explain- ed, when a voice was heard, "What about Harper's Fer-JHit. DAtgoUt.1—John EL Brower, Ephraim Clark.2—Daniel Cbaoncey, John Haelelt.8—Benj. Ray,Josiah W. Brown.4—James Lynch,J. JIcLeod Murphy.6—Thomas B Feme, Wm. Marshall.6— Morgan L Harris,Andrew Mills. 7—Patrick G. Matoney,James 8. Lfbby. 8—Stephen P. Russell, Robert B. Bradford.Alternate*.Chas. W. Church, Kerr Boy ce.Joseph Wfison, Richard H Tucker Samuel F. Dtoktoson, Daniel Linn.Eugene Shine, Patrick Garrtok. John J ReiUy, John Tucker.Peter McKnight, Joseph G. Browning Wm. J. Brtatey, Thoe. Lawrence. Isaac Laurence, Henry Smith.Albert R. Learned, Salmon Skinner. Harvey E Morris, Charles 8. Woodward. Wm. C Derby. Samuel Mclntire. Richard F .Clark, Joshua H Rogers.H G Vea Valkenburg, Cbartos J. Wilbur.& 8. Wardell,Matbew MeMahoa. George H Taylor, Wm. A. Waldron8 C. Deryee,Not given.J. C Harrison, Joseph Lee. Wttnarn S. Clark, P. W. Hoffman. Not given.Not given.Stephen Vandresar, Peter Brewer.B Prink,Jno F. Van Boaim. J. L. MeWhortor, Edward M. Holmes.Blank Ryall. Henry G. Beach, Henry Pratt.W. H. Coffin,Alex. W. Thompson.William H. Lapham, G. W. Torreoce.J. B. Clark,John J. Tan AllenJostoh Clark,B E. Reynolds.E. H Munn,Matbew Rigney.S Anthony,T. 8 GilletReuben H. Booghtca, Lewis Warner.Geo. J. Bryan, Horatio N. Walker. Root if. Baaaktaad, D A. A. NicWffe.and Ira Goodnow, Mr. Darhag'sPmrsmeroN FOB PRagoarr—Tbe Jersey City CourierraisesthenameofGovernorPenningtonforPresident, insurrectionathomeandagainstwhiteaggressionfromMr CkmwvoT, ( d e m ) justice to assignees.of 8.C ,thoughtit did great in-assaults, they do not see tbe remedy for such outrages injudicated to o m i t What was wanted was to clear the a measure which, If it were possible, could only secure irsuited and aggrieved—a spirit or armed resistance,Mr. Hi-jrrsB said the latter could have their claims ad-United Sates of any claim for damages aad pay the inte- rest to those only who could release the government.Mr. HALS, (rep.) of N. H., wanted to know whether the tahrreet was confined to the deficiency of last year ?the continuance of them under shelter of a foreign asylum upon her borders.which but yesterday was confined to the adventurous and the reckless, now exists in every household and actuates every inhabitant There is but one feeling, but one de- termination. The Whole country a a military camp, and every woman prepared to defend herself against negroThirtyof Maratoa, aad belong to Maw York. Mr. Howard, ofMichigan, another competitor of Marston's,aneppo_toaent;sothatha leading opponeigenerooaty eared for by their ooafasroi. There hi wild General did not pledge the government to pay interest— gressional districts in Indiana, says the Madison Courier. erned by la*s altogether of their own creation—1tothatCsagB-aa.,Bothwar*eampetito- Mr.HCMXBMMyea.mMr. HALSthought this wouid set a dangerous precedent subject to the decision of the Republican National Conven- abroad. Like a fortress upon the eve if siege, the peo ry?" He replied:—would apnear an eternal separation ta about to take place.sentatives to a native of the district be represents. The The unity Tor med by our revolutionary awes, cemented so republican Speaker is sleeted, aad the people rejoice. A re-Third Indiana district, represented by William MeKee Dunn, to tbe only one represented by a republican on the line of lbs "great rrver" from S t Louis to Ctocmnaa.firmly by revolutionary blood, a shaking upon the eve of dissolution. aad that which God in his wisdom put together to about to be at last sundered into fragments by the folly snd wickedness of man. And now, my friends, why is this? Whence the origin of these lamentable internal com- motions? To what cause may be traced antagonisms preg- nant with such dreadful consequences? It to an invidiouspi»Mlcan Speaker is elected, and stocks«dv_ace. A rf publican Speaker Is elected, and cotton is worth eleven eenta a pound and upward, aad may it advance hhjber. A republican speak ertaelected,andstovepropertyremainsthesameInvalue A republican Speaker ie elected, and toe Union a sate. 80 B will be when a repub'ican President a elected, for in that event every right or every citizen of every State will be secures in bis hands.RBODBISLAND STATS CowvmmmT.—A mass convention Ofthe dtiiens of Rhode Island who are opposed to the re-publican nominations for State officers, wss held in Pro- task to attempt to place responsibility for crime. WouldAndrew I.. Ireland.Intelligence.Odder seeds were sown. Foiled and disappointed politiHarry Goodrich. 82—Thee. C Reyburn,Hiram Chambers SB—B. F. Chamberlain,Norman Kibbe."the impending sectional conflict:—Nor is there a divided Sooth; for I tell jouin that section be called American or democratic, they all tight under the same banner, and are enlisted for the maintenancethis end a portion of tbe clothing and both boots were Others. In an evil hour an eminent though disappointed of a single policy. So in the North, when the time comes, yon pulled off and placed on toe ground near the coffin. At man was induced to listen to toe insidious advocates of this will tied the divisions have disappeared, and if there be a sin- the conclusion of then arrangements the friends of tbe theory. He wss told that there was a slumbering Puritan- gle man there w to shall dissent frtm the policy which it willMr. Grow, another prominent republican, informs us what the "variety of opinions" and ''the policy" of tho other speakers mean. He tells us toe conflict a "as to an element of political economy and the systems of tabor ex- isting in this country;" and again, almost in the language of Mr. Seward's Rochester speech:—1 he question of the day is, whether the men who own then- own labor, whose daily toll is the only means they have of ob- taining a livelihood and support for themselves and their fami- liea, shall be the recipients of this great inheritance bequeathed by your fathers—whether these who own their o - n laoor are to occupy the Territories of this Union free from the degrada- tion that contact with slavery everywhere brings upon free la bor or whether they are to be occupied by those who own the labor of others, and whose capital eonskta in the bones and muscles of the laborer.wooden shed and committed to tbe care of some of his former cbopmates, who had promised to procure him acan be traced more directly to the teachings of a toward snd a Giddings, yet bow much more should the country hold to a rigid accountabilitywere not to be dtoappatated, aad •for it. which resulted to Ma bemg U,and tbe votes scattered to ovary direction, er carried oft as trophies. Ex Councilman Reid had charge of tbe b bat of coarse be could do nothing. The cease ef breaking of tbe box wss, ss near aa wetbe old ticket waa far ahead and ta danger of 1ed again, and tbe opposition took thto 1method aa tbe ear/ way of defeating a.were first pat oat, end the row partly apolice force wes at once seat for, aad to a1Captain Willtameon, of the Fourteeathplatoon of mea, arrived, but they hereany further service than to 1containing tbe names ef members ef tba eootety, ax . was saved by some one whipping It up to the dark sad running away with It Farther than a tow to the excitement being pitched down stairs, aad some hard knocks administered on both ades, there was no in-jury done, as tbe crowd appeared to be aattafied when what existed in the latter part of tbe eighteenth century they had accomplished their purpose of destroying allA Beard of officers, constating of Captain F. Gardiner,Tenth infantry; Lieutenant J M. Moors, First dragoons;Lieutenant C. D Anderson, First artillery; Lieutenant J.H. Taylor, First cavalry; aad Lieutenant R P. Alexander,Corps of Engineers, baa been ordered to assemble at theWashington Arsenal. District of Columbia, tor the exami- during tbe past year. Tbe medal consists of a gold shield, saoe of this internal danger, how much less so to lis con- tbe negro insurrection in St. Domingo. Aad it a wellnattoa aad nrtal ot the different kteaa of small anas whtoh encircled with blue enamel, and surmounted by a Mal- comitant—that of slave labor in the States?—for, if states- known that toe highest honors of martyrdom have beenhave been made or purchased by the War Department for men may differ as to the duties and powers of questions awarded to John Brown for attempting a similar perform-the military service. To aid tbe Board, as well ss fur tese cross. On the back of It to tbe inscription, "Second sppertatoing to the Territories, there can be none as to ance within tbe borders of s stove Stats. Therefore am farther outbreak.Mr. TarnBCTX said persons writing to members on busi- S. Seguine, a wealthy planter, owning property in Vir-ness etuld enclose stamps. He pointed oat the abuses likely to arise from the adoption of a proviso exempting members from the pay meat of postage. Ho wanted the whole system •toad oatginia and North Carolina to tbe amount named, is at pre-sent pending at Richmond, Stolen Island, before JudgeMetcalf. The contestant to the ease to tbe son of the daceased, to whom, at the death of his father, waa left only,as annuity, $700 Upon tbe will being entered for pro-bate, a short time since, action waa taken by the eon tocontest the validity of tbe same upon tbe groundSeta. We must go beyond aad behind all hair splitting suasion of territorial sovereignties. The danger baa become too Imminent for ta to stop and to discuss the ab-stract rights of a handful.of men who seek homes in tbe wilderness. The ship a being driven upon tbe rocks,pretext of restricting it to Southern soil. Therefore thto hostility against spreading It to the Territories to really hostility to its existence anywhere. It ta to be abobshed. And how? I have shown It cannot be by tbe operation of the tow. This result can onty bo obtained by tbe volun- tary action of tbe slaveholder himself, or through toe compulsion of Northern interference. The totter mode to predicated upon negro insurrection. Tbe horrors of St Domingo are to be re enacted. Rapine aad massacre incited, encouraged and protected by Northern fanaticism are to be tbe instruments by which these philanthropic results are to be obtained. How singularly the presentreceived here. It is stated that there were »,000 Moors medical staffhaVe been ordered by the War Department — tsg tbe will, waa examined. The earn stands adjourned provided our own great national interests are jeopardedattitude of this question sad of this country rehearsesat the asttle of CaateUegos. Colonel Taesara, about thirty Surgeon C. McDoogaH to West Point, N. Y ; Surgeon N. until the 16th icst. The peculiar nature of tbe case, to- in tbe concern ? If the heart, tbe source of life, is dying,S. Jarvis to BaJtimore, Md.; Surgeon & P. Moore to New gether with the extraordinary facts connected therewith, what boots it whether tbe extremities are shielded or ex-vestiges of tbe election. Bad not toe police promptly to tbe scene there would, ao doubt, have igbt to the street, as the "Bead Rabbit" order everywhere visible, an-t looked as if they were 1 for a fight. Ths excitement in toe street did not so*years of age, a younger brother of the Spanish Minister Orleans. La ; Bargees E. H. Abadie to San Antonio, aad tbe amount Involved, combine to render it one of un posed •' , If tbe life blood of our common country is to bobetween tbe island of St Domingo and Ms home govern-ment of France. For ton years preceding the massacreatStDomingoin1796anabolitionpartvextotedinFrancebased upon the same principles, advocating tbe same doc-trines, and, as applied to negro servitude to tho Frenchcolonies, including St Domingo, maintaining the same so quickly, and when oar reporter left persons aero cheer-atWsaklaglim.aMtkarnkmadhimself greatlyat thehead of hie regiment of husaara,aad was Wouated to the en- Mostofthehighofflcersof the Spanish army aan. The army had bees obstmctod to Mi », and suffered much from constant rains. Ma«to Is prosecuting toe war with vgor, and will have beforekmg a force of 80,000 men in mm ABVXBBThe dale of the despatches received byirmB Mexico yesterday, was January « , instead of Octo-PaDow la republic of Uruguay at New1 sentenced Wilfiam Boyd to four tor oarrytogaway andifrsmfhlaMr.amkB,(kB), & t , la^a^Tjmirrmw.Texas.Surgeon Abadieisdirectedtorepair,withaalittle delay as practicable, to his station in Texas, and assume the duties of medical director of that departmentexhausted,whatmattersitwhetherthehandfulofadven- lurtrs inhabiting tbe Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, riall have or not have free or slave labor V Is it wise to hazard the continuance of the Union in a struggle to main • tsln the rights of persons or property among a people who aie abundantly able to take care of themselves? And if, therefore, this Territorial question to not of sufficient importance, viewed in any aspect, to warrant a continuowning a more uniform and practical test, a detachment of a sergeant and ten privates to ordered from Port Mon- roe m Washington Arsenal to do the firing, under the su pervtaion sad directon of tbe Board.Assistant Surgeon T. II Williams tow been ordered tocrack company.Bos DSWEET HOBOWPA—ac DaramuBT.—By tbe annualthe true question presents itself. Thto ta the only tome be- fore the country. It to the only question upon whtoh po- litical par ties are to enter the conflict Let us meet it likePolice Iatelliajeaee. Rxcxiv—e STOLE- Goons—BTBOLABT BTrepair to Fort Arbuckle. a M , aad rafters Assistant Sar- report of this institution, situated at SO Bond street, wogeon J. J. GMmskm to his duties at that station, after are informed that tot affairs are in a very flourishing son-whkh the latter officer will proceed to the headquarters of dition, snd that the increase to tbe number of applicants the Department of Texas, aad report tor duty to the cam for relief, during each year of its existence, tow been veryble of Mr. J. Nugent, to Thirty-secondfarrsBBB—aa W111 CAHB OB STATES ISLAND.—A case of doned their free soil organization in 1848 does not lessenmore than ordinary interest, involving, ta it aoet, tbe sum of $200,000, which by will was left to Mr. Henry Segutne, a resident of States Island, by bis brother, Jan.this accountability. It but increases It, because they da all this Territorial agitation comes at last to thto Tbepretended hostility to the extension of stove territory contemplates no other result Why oppose the spreading of aa institution ii tbe institution itself a not aa evil? It a assumed to be an evil. It a declared to be against the laws of God aad man, and it a anon toto assumption thatusualinterest,whichitbaaalreadyawakenedamongthe 11-habitants of that locality.Company Seventh Regiment, National Guard. Recruit the power and duties of the government over the question I not right, my friends, in declaring tbe design to be to Medal. January 1,1860 " Corporal M. to one of tbe most of slavery in the States. There tbe constitution protects lay waste with tbe faggot and toe swort the Southern energetic, bard working and deserving members of this it It is s matter exclusively of State jurisdiction. section cf ffji8 Union? And here we make our stand Thus Whether good or evil, it to not of our concern. AdmittingFRSSISTATION or A RxcRimNO MEDAL—A very neat and beautiful medal was presented to Corporal Jas. J. Morrison on last Moadsy evening, by the members of Company B, Seventh regiment, in consideration of bis having recruit- ed the largest number of fully armed aad equipped mentheories as those enunciated by the black republican party of to day. Indeed, so faithful to the parallel that bat last week Wendell Phillips, the high priest of black republican abolitionism, eulogized, to a public address, the leader ofing and groaning, and one fellow stood oa a doorstep ex- hibiting the cover of the ballot box as an evidence that too work bad been properly done, wtafle another boasted that be had more votes in ha pocket than would be suffi- cient to re-elect the '• old ticket;" others requested too canvasser "to count tbe votes, sad ten them who waa elected," bat tbe presence of tbe pakee prevented anyresources?merchantsebaa-tosfar toe Southern trade, and why, indeed, doesall the accusations, unfounded and extravagant aa theymay be, the Southern people are their own custodians,and are not responsible, either legally or morally, to men. Let as took tbe danger square to the face and meetsay other people under tbe canopy cf heaven. It to for tbe issue presented by the opposition. Let us rally tbe avenue, was entered on them to determine what species of labor they shall em- national men or the country. Let as erect a purely na- mounted bsinsss stolen.tional party, bawd upon national principles. Let it be William Cole, who was arrested, pay. If it be in accordance with their own' sentiments composed of men who have never faltered, or never found a ha pockets. Sattotqaagood time, end tbe arrogant and impertinent interference of others will impede rather than hasten thto result. The people of the South ere actuated by the same impulses sswho have ever maintained the doctrine of non interfe reace in any form to whtoh ta may have been presented, be invited to our standard, and any who have ever sym-nerrrn several fetoe keysm, oae of which fitted _ thea ooafossed that bestances. They are indignant at aggression. They are de-termined to resistance. They will punish interferenceaid ace betide those who will attempt again to practi-cally Illustrate upon Southern soil ths foul to___m of iwueson the stovery question, tot sB be reconciled and **t*Jtt***r*9 Northern fansticnm Let the Sooth alone. Stand off forgotten in an effort to obliterate and extinguah the fol-from her borders. Withhold your encroachments upon lowers of the anti slavery fiend BOW stalking abroad toB. Hawktos, who, tt w _ be re- membered, wss arrested a tew days atom, oa a ataman «» embttxltog $4,800 from Mm Overland Mall Oasspaay, b jaaaas of fake entries m the boots «f «*• am 111* at saastqueaOy bailed oat,1ftcerBarron,Lie b-the obligation. %\arrest discovered stfl amount charged In tbe 1CBAECB <WPICXTMPO—>her constitutional rights. Remember k wss but yeaterdav that we of tbe North held negro slavery. What would we have said if England, through ber Canadian provincesMdestroy and to devour. Ithat not one swwith free seti berastas erJuly representing those who have__^LJ £SroT_*» t»-»^nas^s___ thei? ag«ts to_ the owtof Mattaw ow own bortartr_Where to tho man or the BOW as heretofore, there to asare now horror stricken at tho , cw , BWB Deof themvu-,ot tow fora Theloason"-r- woareanuwneaBaretoo pom- « **~.~'"-*"'. V r 'rThomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th StrFulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comwM iv(tot, * _ » MV __fft too ik%mUpfetottoMa*eethore snd when have the people ef tbe North over ele atodtoemselTtohlfbwttaa-eap^tatieneoonuw*--*_,"_}"_._iron Wnrtaof tba —to 