 NEW YORKvrax reawSi proceedings whichthe republican jubileeSold, niisois, the home ofana toey enu naveported speeches on fAbe Lincoln" and his .Trumbull, of the same State. W*teO,hove looked Into those speeches, nasi we taw free toamef CO" W s awaVQ Oil tlaa^aeo«»J4 maw Wavotion; ant 1Its 1mills part of thewho live honestly and peaceablyor fifteen millions a year In taxes, will nothing at aU to tay to the butinetsTheT wfll not move hand or foot to save the city from the thraldom of these ruffians, and wo hnwt A t doubt that the men elected em t i t flat ifl)§mw» will be the greatest rascals in the whole tenor twelve thousand...rita tHaanwe ot tmo Hew1unlaw Ms—rsay.Wo team by the arrival yesterday of flat Palestine at Portland, that Victor Emaoual en- tered the city of Naples o n the 7th inst, and was enthusiastically received by the people.It is refreshing, In the midst of ant thrilling scenes which a r e beingla Italy, to tarn for »> moment aside and glance at hat probable future of thattry, in whose cause the blood of so many sons is being shed on the field of battle, a melancholy spectacle to oneagainst Italians In the fatal oor toe wonu are wavaaig a>v Itli painful toWtmfmgm!»!'!• H«..».PII«.I.« H ^ ^ W•' ^ W '•* » • •w » ydocuments, setting will be laid before the Jsdge to-day, and an immediate decision given. the Judge's decision. the committee standtill twelve o'clock to day.of Education mot last evening and ahum A report of the proceedingsfa given la another comma.At the miiMeg of Aa Emigration Commissionersyesterday Hwas agreed to remit the usual penalty far the landing of thirteen emigrants at Castle Garden, on being informed that the captain of the shipHarvey Birth, mwhichtheycamehere,was not aware of the violation of any Mate law in allowing them to lead. -OB the •scommendn- men of the Commissioners of Charities and Correction, It was agreed to appoint Dr. Hodgeman, the Physician of the City Prison,balancenowfa$12,82939. batjustbeamelectedbytheanti-slsverypartyThe trial of William Mulligan, charged with at- of the North, a party pledged not only to put a tempting to shoot policeman Oliver,was concluded stop to the extension of slavery, but boasting yesterday in the Court of Oyer and Terminer, and flat "the election 'of Lincoln will b e the down-soounr*canTnnxi.w t^ww*.Seward, Senators Wilson. Sumner, and the re- publican orators generally, and with the shadow of John Brown in the foreground, discover that Southern society, life and pro- perty are in danger; and hence this prevailing Southern disunion excitement.are already suffering from the pressure of a panic, the probable extent, duration sod disas- ters of which we all shrink from contemplating. But, notwithstandlrg this fearful condition of tilings, and the fact that all men of all parties and a l l sections throughout t h e country a r elife which is to open to their view the gates of enterprise? There is no doubt our own trade with Italy will experience an im- mense increase under the new order of things Italy will send us her wines and other such luxuries, for which she will here find a good market and in return she will reciprocate by opening new avenues ef commerce with us.' >o* 0mmwU;iftm New fork-iowr.*.UBBiiV HUL M***** CHy.-Woo*** Hnwnuu iir estate upon moderate terms. They deem this, r^ftff^***^'J"i.r '-''numi iip^-^ppnoticethearrival of thenbanwwwef*Jest aamcert tour in flat Wats. Thtto a\ AAftrm>*4 f r> Rsvwtav •wee* Ana Vael^aat*» 1 cvatwn ui Dtwosiyn on rneeydiet. But it is almost idle to reflect upon thepast and weigh too strictly the present revolu-tionary disasters against the gloriouswhich a r e to follow; for t h e new Italian mo-narchy, conceived In strife, will nourish inpeace, and rise up with a stately growth which Ingreatnessandgrandeurwillbeunparalleledin European history. T o ita shores commerce meet his obligations or the will direct the helm, and over its wide sweep tive of bankruptcy.of territory, from the Alps to toe Adriatic, a It is natural amid such a state of affairs that networkefrailwayswillbeartestimonytothe menshouldask,astheyaredoingonovary existence of a national life among Its people; tide, why should there bo a panic? What ia for have they not been hitherto sunk in the its cause, aad What remedy should ho ap- slough of despond for the wast of that nationalThe conservative people of the border slave lambsweredullandsomewhatlower.Swinewere Statesappreciatethisstatementofthecaseon andfromthencetotheroyalpalace,wheregreat inlargesupply,andpricesdeclinedto6c.a54c. thepartofSouthCarolinaandherdisunional-baldi, entered Naplea on the morning of the 7thinst.TheyproceededdirectlytotheCathedral.forstillfed,and64c.to6-}e.forcornfed. The re-festivitiestookplace. Nonewmovementofthe ceiptsatalltheyardsfortheweekwereasfol- lies.ButVirgtniasaystheremaybearemedyfor1.N—HI* M'^'Wiymm mm' I t ' "''"" . " « u i.»ii.». j-""* i. i**r~-*#smmmw — "yT*'" **^ ^I^BBto discharge the duties for the Commission-eta of Emigration at that institution, instead ofCnger, deceased. Thequestion of the amountofsalary to bo paid him waa referred to the CastleGarden Committee. T h e number o f emigrantslandednewmotweekwas3,ttS^inakingthenum-ber since January 1, 96,651. The commutation matter now? A President of the United Statesthe jury, after deliberating three-quarters of an hour, retained with n verdict of guilty. Sentence was postponed till Saturday, to give the prisoner's noaneel timet*act in any manner they may please inregardtothecase.fall of slavery." The candidate ot this part; isnot only elected President by n Northern tote*comprehending, perhaps, every Northern State,o ft h eUnitedStates. H eappearsperalyzation of e i changes; thepelted by fear to curtail their , ever, inaa is forced to eoatempleto the necessity ofmakingQAinnntBPKT anmw«T»u.r«.- «•<••* Baa—» Oivwuw. *"»•—S**« »»«•TEIPLE SHEET.S'4T*» Jlaw*.The bank* of this city have come forward at last bert, was (objected to a long and rigid examina- sion of California. Before that act of admission and should have made a great occasion, tion, but nothing positive was elicited to fix the we stood fifteen Southern to fifteen Northern amounts to nothing. He thanks his friends-withapracticalplanforthereliefoftinemercan- guiltonhim,andtheinquestwasfurtheradjourned States.NowthereareeighteenNorthernStates herejoiceswiththem—andheisgenerouslyformation can be supplied to all purchasers of realaction neosasary, aa many unsound buildings are put up by speculators. The members of the Onion believe that this will be a protective measure for the trade aa well as for the public.The mystery of the Kolyer murder has not yet been cleared up. Yesterday the inquest was re- sumed, when the suspected party, Joseph Lam-Southern men say to each other: We are no waiting anxiously for some words of peace,tilecommunityandtheremovalofthepresentdead toMondaynext.speciefund,andthusenablesearhbanktodiscount incideutsontheroute. Informationreceivedfrom the Union, before the end of Lincoln"* thebondsoffraternal feeling." Thisisgood,liberally to ita dealers without fear of betas Sonora by our correspondent states that tire administration. There new States, organized but still, ss touching the necessities of this brokenbyItsrivals. Forthedetailsofthe rumorofabattlefoughtatHermosUlawaaaruseof underrepublicanauspice*,willbeoftheanti- crisis,Itamountstonothing. Thesamesenti-feelings o f satisfaction the expansion o f that announcing through its presses and orators that cloud in the Italian sky which, at first no big the interpretation of the constitution hithertogerthanaman'shand,isnowtheharbingerof admittedmustbechanged,hattriumphedia thelaststormofItalianrevolutionpreceding everyNorthernState, aadItsrepresentative the long and sunny calm which awaits her. a a d • e n are soon t o receive Into their Invade flat whichistobethewitnessofthemostglorious reinsot thefederal power. Theprincipleoasurrenderingtohitownsubjects. Thisinter- thebondofmutualconfidencebeingweakened, ference,however,was clearly intervention on the edifice of commerce and creditcrumblestheir political and social relations, with aU its train of retaliatory legislation, hostile tariffs between the free and the slave States, aad pos-inclined towards his adversaries. "LetJ> he says, "at all times remember faateveningamountspracticallytoaconsolidation accountofthemarchofUnitedStatestroopsfrom things at they may come, of the addi- that all American citizens arebrothersofa Of ail tilt tity banks into one corporation, with oat Camp Floyd, Utah, to that post, and of scenes and tion of half a dozen new free States to common country, and should dwell together inlock in buainaaa. The arrangement conaammated The letter from our correspondent at Fort Buchanan, New Mexico, gives an interestingagainst our fifteen, and with every prospect,arrangement w« must refer to to-day's money Geo. Peaqniera, who had been deserted by most of slavery typo of Kansas. The census of 1860 his followers. Sonora had declared for ita former will next reduce the representation of thearticle: in the meantime, we may aay that the Governor, Gandara, who, at last accounts, was at South in Congress and increase the representa- news of the consummation of the scheme was the city of Urea, with aforceof two thousand men.ment is spread all over toe speeches of W. B. Seward. Even his Rochester "irrepressible conflict" speech against • the curse of slavery," the " slave power" and the " slave oligarchy," isfullof •fraternalfeeling." How differently a Washington, a Jefferson, or a Jackson, would have appropriated this occasion at 8priogueld, placed in the position of Mr. Lincoln. We ore astonished that he did not seize the opportunityera in her history. Napoleon little anticipatedatthecommencementofthiscampaignthere-sultB which are now being gradually de-veloped, anotherwords,heneverexpected intoNorthernandSouthernantagonisticdivi- to tee the formation of so great aa empire, sions, and now, by inauguration In oar federal which threatens hereafter to act at a counter- policy, it threatens to divide material interests, poise to his own power—to the power of and even society Itself, ia the tame way. France—while tending to undermine the Na-poleonic dynasty. The cry in Francemay then be, "Have we a Bonaparte among us?" just t t the cry now in the Two Siailies it, "Have wo a Bourbon among us?" These last remarks have been sug gestod to us by the conduct of the French Admiral at Gaeta, in preventing the bom- bardmentofthatfortressbytea,underthe pretence of protecting the flight of the ex-King, aad preventing his suflering the indignity ofreceived with great delight by merchants,and Inanothercolumnwillbe found aninterestingled to an immediate advance of i a 3 per statistical article regarding the Southern States,ahowisg their area in square miles and in acres,cent on the Stock Exchange. The committee en- with their population, productions, their exportstionoftooNorth;forduringthe lasttenwears the mighty popular accessions to toe North from European immigrations have built u p powerful States where only Indians, trappers and wild beasts had flourished before.Nor is this all. The republican party have,The South, alarmed at the progress of this aggrettlve Idea, already contemplates the ae- cessity o f self defence, clamors f o r n o w constitutional guarantees, and the very founda- tions of its society are shaken. Its so- cial, Industrial a a d coavatorotol growth h a t been sympathetic with our own, and with that of tome of the meet powerful nations of the world. Itsalarmitfirstsharedbythemar- chants, w h o constitute t h e sensitive links b e - tween societies distant from each other; andtrusted witbr the outlay of $2,500,000 in produceexchange purchased about £40.000 worth yester-and imports, the number and tonnage of vessels, American and foreign, and the number of sailors employed by those States in the transportationspeciepaymentsbythebanksofRichmondand Stateseparately,dividingthecottonStatesfromthe TerritoriesandnomoreslaveStates;thatthe officialretponsibilitlet,inbehalfoftheUnion.day, though this is not a packet day.The telegraph announces the suspension of of their produce. These statistics are given for eachin the most solemn forms, admonished as of to make a speech to the whole extent of Ids the South that there shall be no more tlave abilities, hit patriotism and hit approachingPetersburg. Ye. The Baltimore banks have agreed Northern border Southern States. The cotton States alone, it seems by the United States reportsto suspend specie payments to-day. of commerce and navigation in 1858, employed Theadministrationhasreceivedofficialinforma- 1,873vessels,embracing1,070,000tons,mannedtionfromKansasthatfivehundredmen,nnderthe by31,064 sailors. And,taking bjthcottonandootorie*borderruffianMontgomery,havebanded borderStateportstogether,thevesselsclearedin together to resist the United States authorities. that year embraced atotal of American and foreignThe party have declared their intention to seize vessels of 2,520, of a united tonnage of 1,260,796,the public property, and march into Arkansas and manned by 37,427 sailors. The statistical facts em-Texas and free the slaves in thoce States. Die braced in the article give a bird's eye view of theWar iN-pariment has despatched orders to General physical and material condition of the cotton and Harney to put a summary stop to this projectedabolition foray, and, as he has four com(*aniea of border States of the South, compiled from officialSupreme Court shell be reorganized on the side of freedom; that the freedom of speech shallbeestablishedintheSouthasitexistsin theNorth,andthatslaveryshallbecircled by fire,till,likeascorpion,itshallstingitselfto death. Thus wo tee in the future a free course to abolition emissaries among oar Southern plantations, and to the Helpers and John Browns, who are now excluded by the defen-sive arrangements, pains a n d penalties o f t h e Sontiern States. If the South, and especially the cotton States—where our slaves form to largeaproportionofourpopulationastobe onlysafeunderourownabeolntesupervision— if the cotton States consent, under this state of things, longer to submit to the Union, they will invite the day of destruction.But there is the speech of Senator Trumbull. He is in the confidence of Mr. Lincoln, and spoke, perhaps, by authority. Is not Trum- bull'saconservative speech? Atarepublican partisanspeechitis;butuponthemainpoint he preaches that terrible alternative of whip- ping a seceding State back into the Union. WiU not such an experiment unite the whole South in arms against the federal government? And what then? The anarchy of Mexico.thepartofFrance,andassuchwasinviola-tion of her neutrality. But do what Napoleonmay, he cannot now stay the tide which Is bear-ing despotism to perdition, and inaugurating a 8outh are to receive the shock of a conflict In new era in Italy. The cause it with thedragoons under his command, he will no doubt make abort work in disposing of them.ThesteamshipPalestinearrivedatPortlandyes-royalist and patriot troops, and the last memo sibly the terrible evils of a bloody war, throughterdayafternoon,withEuropeanadvicestothe!tth day,underlargereceipts,andpriceshavedeclined inst.. one day later than those received by the 4c. a }c. per pound, chiefly on the poorer grades.rable engagement between the thirty thousand ofVictorEmanuelandthefiftythousandofBom ba,onthebanksoftheGarigliano,wasanother grand instance of the factanewinterpretation of our constitutional guarantee*,thereitnotaaexistingintersat North or South, that can survive the oatastro- phe. The whole order of things, to far at trade and values are concerned, matt bo swept away, aad a new order built up on the basis thatNorthernorfreesocietylahostileytothe Southernsocialorganization,withAfricansla-Glasgow. Thenewsfainteresting.King Victor Emanuel, in company with Gari-Milch cows were in fair request, and the market waafirm at our previous quotations. Veal calves were steady at unchanged prices. Sheep andThe meeting between the King of Sardinia and Garibaldi, when the brave General rushed forwardinhisredshirtandexclaimed,"King ofItaly!"athegraspedthemonarch'shand,documents, and which cannot fail to be read with interest.Thecattlemarketruleddullandheavyyester-man Trumbull. W e cannot believe thathe speaks for «Honest A b e Lincoln."'No. Mr.Lincolnhasspokenforhimself,andTrumbullhasspokenonlyforTrumbull.Hisopinions are no better than those of Seward togo bytttheviewsofMr. Lincoln,until theyare pointedly endorsed b y Lincoln. W e wantanother trial from "Honest Old Abe." ThisSpringfieldjubileespeechissuchamiserablethingthat we areall ashamed of it. Iftheforemanofavisitingfirecompany,onhisrecep- hasperfectlyreassuredtheworldthattheno veryatapartofIt Thesearethecause*ofHDALS, aMHDSRwr. iriCTowt g%iw»-^^» «WF*^-lsssnomss nam sjBBjBspa».w*f7V'«"m Lincoln is of ibnwfnsnooa^QfitewMrottfflaaW^theBouth. The greet cause of tistfr t#«iikn» aicnis the powerful and still increasingIns took Let us look at fanthirty yean ago the first abolitionflat Journal 0 / Cbmmeros, wasoat up U this •shortly tnerearier TY m. ijioyu vjamouu,bad started a cooperative abolitionin Boston, was dragged from a little anti-slavery meeting by a mob, incensed at this sort of poli tical agitation, t a t only escaped lynching by being hurried off; under the protection of the officers of the law. to the refuge of the city jaO. Thai was seme thirty years ago, wham the people of Virginia w o n seriously debating among themselves flat question o f gradualemancipation.But what hat followed: How stands thisbut by such overwhelming populir majoritiestttogivetothiselectiontheformofanirre- totheoccasionandthecrisis. HiselectionhasA regular meeting of the New York Carpenters' sistible Northern crusade against the peculiar precipitated the Southern States into a revolu- Union waa held at eight o'clock last evening, at and vital institutions of the South. Our tionary excitement whioh threatens to destroyConvention Hall. 179 Wooster street. There were about one hundred members present The only question of any importance that came up for dis- evasion was the propriety of electing an authorized real estate agent to act with the Union in ascertaining the strength, capacity and durability of ajl new buildinga erected inthe city,forthe benefit of persons wishing to besome tenants, and to open an office where correct and valuable in-brethren of the South, taking these election re- sults i n connection with t h e declared objects and purpose* of the republican party, and thethe Union, and to throw all our commercial, financial and industrial interests into the chaos of a sweeping political convulsion. He must know this, or something of it; aad he mustviolent abolition campaign speeches of W. H. know that our commercial and financial olassesplied? Thecaaseia evident The conviction to beginning to be entertained that haslongerbetter, at all hazards, to leave it? Look at Lincoln'! tremendous anti slavery majorities. Mark how the anti slavery North hat grown over us and overshadowed us since the admis-securewithint h eUnion—isi tn o tconciliation and harmony from Mr. Lincoln, h e turns bis back upon the crisis and the country, and has nothingto say.His speech on the occasion, which h e couldshould t h e South quietly submit t o takeus,troopsfareported. lows:—§,042beefcattle,129cows,648veals,allthesegrievancesandapprehensionsofwhichtionbyanyoneofourNewYorkfirecompa-fieheartedsoldierwillgladlyfulfilhispledgesthepanichere.LetusnowcontemplatewhatPrince Alfred arrived at Plymouth on the morn- 10,692 sheep and lambs, and 13,199 swine. joucompmV The constitution of our tatters, nies, should make, on the first trial, no bettor by annexing his conquests to the Italianit likely to occur elsewhere.To England and France cotton hat become aing of the 9th. The Prince of Wales had not ar- Tbera waa almost a complete suspeaaioa in the sales of as interpreted b y the republican party, will, we rived,buttwovesselssupposedtobetheHeroand stapleartteleaofproduceyesterday,wmiepriceswere admit,nolongerprotectusoftheSouth.ButAriadne were seen off Portland on the night of the either depressed or irregular and lower. Cotton was not may w e not secure from the sober second 8th. movedbryondthe salesof afew hundred bates,in lots, thought of the North a sew and satisfactoryThere waa a report in London that a treaty of to rptDners With so little doiog. It was Impossiblepeace had been concluded between the Allies and to gtve reliable quotations. Flour, If possible, compromise in the shape of a national conven- theChineseatTien-tain. WMauUer>bancotton.Buyersforexportwerenansat,tionandarevisionofthefederalconstitution?Our telegraphic summary of thefinancialnews and superfine State and Western sold down tosaTOa And this is the issue: a dissolution of this S4ts,aadextiamatedowntoftparbbl. Wheatwaaal- great confederacy, or a reconstruction of theis very brief. Consols had improved a trifle, meataaaatoaMa,andonlyeffected to a moderateextentwhile American railroad securities had again de- at irr*fater and lower prtaes Corn waa also heavy federal government—a violent disruption, or sclined considerably. The monthly statement of and lower, aad aoM down to 64c a 66c. for peaceable reconstruction of the very founda-the Bank of Prance shows a decrease in cash ot Westrra mixed, and to « c . far Southern yellowover twenty-five millions of franca. Fork WM heavy, aad amies limited at S16 a 116 SO for The good old Commonwealth of Virginia isspeech than this "fraternal" affair of "Old kingdom without question. What adequatetions of the Union. latheLiverpoolmarketscottonhadadvancedrots*.whileprimewasnominalat11060.Sugars,Ike crisiswhichhiselectionhatbroughtuponus.preserve the record of noble actions. •EFFECT OF T H I PANIC Uixnr FASHIONABL* MOVKUENTS.—We do not notice any perceptible diminutioninthegayetyofthetowninconse- quenceofthefinancialpanic Thefastpeo- pleareasfast,Ifnotfatter,thanever.Broad- way is radiant and the Central Park presentsitsdepends upon a continuous and certain supply of cotton. This h a s hitherto been kept u p through the machinery o f bills o f exchange, which are based on mutual confidence in toe existingstateofthings.Thismachineryisin- terruptedbythedisturbanceofconfidence, andthedraftsagainstcottoncannotbesold. The cotton is therefore delayed until Englandand France can tend the money for i t The ne-cessity of conveving the cotton to Europe, that t t may supply the channel* o f industry there,will cause a drain upon all thefinancialre- sourcesofLondonandPartsthatwilldeplete every other line of trade of its usual supply of money, and the-result there, on the receipt of theadvicestakenoutfromhereyesterdaybythe Persia, will b e a panic a s much more intense than ours its it England's necessity of cotton greater than ours. Every bankerknowsofthemoney pressure in England makesthe negotiation of exchange still more difficult, theone-eighthtoone-quartercfapennyonthemid- othernaplearticles,wereatastandstill,withsalesleadingoffinbehalfofthepreservationcfthe andforthesakeoftheUnion—werespectfullyUnion. IfshecanarrestthecontemplatedsecessioninSouthCarolina,andbringhertocon' askhimtospeakoutfully,frtnklTandfreely sent to another effort for the Union, the Union to the American people. Dignity, dignity! Itdling qualities, closing with a firm market, while breadstunji were without material change.ofonly121a1&2abas.Cuba.Coffeewasqatetandcomi- cal ftafateagageasetitawererestricted,whilerates were about the same, especiallyforwheat to Liverpool. Op • iota amoig meiehaals yesterday varied regard- las the **w prrject of the banks, gome per eons refrarded tt as a doubtful measure, andBy the arrival of the bark Ilva, from MaracaiboOctoberV,welearnthatthatplacewasoerfectlyquiet and trade waa going on with the interior pro-vinces, aa the federaliata had been routed in the ooaaideieu that while tt might profitably produce neighborhood of Truxillo and Merida by Gen. An-j •cone local amelioration or relief, yet whoa their external drade.Inthebattleallthefederalchiefsweretaken!re)»u<15toiastltutiooalaotherSlates,WastandSouth, prisoners. Coffee was scarce, and prices going aa well aa abroad, were considered, theIr proposition to up. The crop was all in, and no more supplies eapand theirfossato the extent reported was regarded couldbeexpectedbeforetheendofJanuarynext. withdtatioat.Others,again,highlyapprovedoftheir Hideswerealaoveryscarce. Thecivilwarin eoarao.aadcontendedthatttwouldprovehighlybenefi-ia an indignity to the people, this standing back upon his dignity.New Granada has prevented the usual arrival of this article.An adjourned meeting of a number of influentialettixeas was held last evening at No. 761 Broad-way,tohearthereportofaspecislcommitteeap-pointed to devise some means of allaying the po- 000," onr republican eotemporaries will litical excitement which at present prevails not believe that there is any danger, in-throughout the country. Mr. Depeyster Ogden pre-sided. A majorityof the committeereportedthat, sense in it, and no satisfactory evidences thataftercarefuldeliberation,theydeemeditInexpedi-ent at the present time to take any steps in the the people, even of Sooth Carolina, desire thematter. Alter some discussion the report was experiment of a Southern republic The New accepted, and the meeting broke up. York Tribune telle us that the trouble whichThe Tammany Hall primary eleotioas for dele- has fallen upon Wall street is a purely political conventiona for city officers panic, and that ita sole object is to cripple the held last evening. The result m the various republican party. The Chevalier Webb, of thefind the little Napoleon of Irving place, thethe fear of the result still store intense.The remedies tor this state of thing* are evi- dent to all right minded men. The South mustcial to the commercial interesu of the oity.the State prison, but nobody else appears to b e taking any trouble about it. It seems pretty evident now that respectable citizens, property owners and taxpayers will give themselves n o carewhateverabouttheelection,but thatthe vagabond crew of gamblers and shoulder hit- ters attached to Tammany, Mozart and the re- publican party, who have always attended toit; that there will only be half at many theatres and places of public amusement, and that toe Opera habiivis will be compelled to put up with the moiety of a loaf or go without any musicalpabulumwhatever.TitoAgitation— rna Daaiti and i n . fUawauy.PtwoomtSovtharnRevolutionaryWhile*wearein themidst of a revolu-asmuch aa they can discover DOcause for it,noWORDS, WORDS, WORDS.—We are receivingeverydaytelegraphicdespatches,andprettyex-pensive ones, too, from Springfield, Illinois, the way. This class of individualt belonging tofrom one end of the year to the other—that is, The special committee of discovery of the city best excuse, . h k h the organs of the republi- Mr. Tiumbull. though it msy b e fair and plau- penitentiary—but attend to making nomina-letins. He is, to use a familiar expression, onnot again 3ant11aay, andsucceededlai idle in his endeavors to prove himself a man that the election of « Honest aha Lincoln" as of action and perseverance where his authority is President of the Tnlted States, and la pur- eslkd in question, and through their counsel, Bon. suance Of the federal constitution, can be tor- Daniel L. nickies, tilt enauuttet Jme appUc* tured Into a luatcjtnt proTocatton,his energy (and that is a great deal) mind ta the country desires that a moderate and Intends to ttljot tar his Cabinet it would bo and they are indefatigable at it; their pastimes In the production of toe grand spectacu-more ssatef>awj than all the speeches either are breaking each other's heads, gouging out conciliatory oourse should be pursued by the lar opera "La Juive," and has made North, even to the repeal of toe Personale mtoUntitled DocumentLiberty bills, nullify ing the Fugitive Slavs law Ji the) by there States which have enacted them, theabout the trouble in the South, (jongratulating himself that he is not jet "in the ring," tad sothat are In deadly hostility to their material welfare.' ——————————«*; EXASFSKATTNO ToMI Or TBS RuTCBLICA*politics a regular business, w h o d o nothingSo*, flimsy absurdities as these, such ridi-Cttta» ttm* « * exphwmttont, are the forth, amount to nothing. Even the speech of when they are' out of the State prison or AM his own book, and does not intend, if hoconfess that, t o the besto fo u rapprehension,they signify nothing.What are the surroundings of Mr. Lincoln atSpringfield? One would suppose him to bo cut off entirely from all access to any information, and from all knowledge of the Southern rero- lutionary movements of the day; or that he is to completely under the control of his party advisers that he dare not speak; or that he feelshimself unequal to the crisis, and is afraid to speak; or that at this time he deems it most prudent to withhold his opinions and purposes on fldt groat question o f Union o r disunion from the public. Look at thiscasefromany point of view whatever, and w s can find no excuse for the course of Mr. Lincoln.He stands in the presence ofsands of American citizens. abled at the place o f h it residence to congratulate him on his election to the responsible office ofPresidentbefore them They expect a speech appropriateAbe's,"bewouldbecompelledtotryitagain.Ws all remember that Mr. Lincoln, before his nomination, was considered s o great a s a publiospeakerbyhispartythathecould almost anywhere command of them a hundred dollars a speech, and that this price was freely paid Mm. Howls it, then, that, at President elect, his first effort in defining hit position is not worth two center For his own take—for the sake of his position, hit responsibilities, thegreatindustrialandcommercialnecessity. It gives employment to millions of theirpie, and life to a large amount o f theirThe wages earned in its manipulation pay foe toograinandflourImportedtofeedtheirpeo-•si-!1righteous, aad right It might We have seen It What else? Away with this incompetent illustrated in nearly every battle between theMeantime, at the views of thehome of "Old Abe," but they mean nothing but the three factions have long ago lost every par- twelve years, it a sort of operatic pioneer, and exert itself to prevent its agitators and dema-words, words, words What we want to know ticle of confidence from the decent portion of has been ruined as many times as a cat has gogues from hurrying it into a rupture of oar from that quarter is who Mr. Lincoln is going the community, and they all stand on the tame Uvea Ullman has been ruined by Maretzek, political relatione, without giving the Northto put in bit Cabinet—whether he is going to platform, at far as dishonesty and rascality are ruined by Strakoecb, and ruined by Muato, and aa opportunity to retrace Its steps. The go-Amay be saved.President in power on this secession questionare beginning to be understood, as it is knownthat bis opinions on the subject are pretty muchthoseofOldHickory,thereisnolongera moilaboutthecharterelectiongoingonjust shadow of excuse for this foolish silence on now among the trading politicians, gamblers, thepartofthePresidentelect Wemust,therefore,persistinoarappealto"HonestAbe Lincoln-' to speak out on this disunionquestion t o t h e American people. H i s latepaltry unmeaning excuse of a speech at Spring-field, was wholly unworthy the occasion, thecrisis,and Mr.Lincoln,whether aa Presidentelect, or as an honest man.usualYork people are proverbially mercurial, andChevalier Ullman. Uilman is a curious charac thematter before,will have it alltheirown tor. Hehasbeenconnectedwithartisticenter- prises in this country during the last ten orgive Geluaha A. Grow, or Cassias M. Clay, or concerned; jet, strtngt to sty, they are going yet he comes up. like Mr. Thomas Sayers after vernment must exert all Its powers to preserve bo aaoartamod on reference to the ^»n*jgn*doptlng this.idea, charges the fall of Sumner, or Seward , or any other endorser of to be permitted once more to control the punishment, aa lively, if not quite as lovely, at Hs functions, tod all its wi*dom to induce theatocka to a conspiracy of the pro slavery Wall Helpers book, a place among his confidential finances and destinies of this great metropolis. ever. VIIman is a man of decided talent, and people to consider existing evils and adopt street banks; and the Reverend Tburlow Weed advisers; became if he it, then wo will know There tre some ten or twelve thousand fal- a clever man hi all the bettor for being ruined peaceful remedies. And the people must reoog- declares that this disunion excitement, espe exactly what he means. But his speeches, lows in this community, consisting of Its very now and then. It spurt Mm on to extraor- toe necessity of setting dawn the anti-cially among the people of South Carolina, whioh are only apologies for not making a, worst ctofes, such t t gamblers, blacklegs, dinary exertionf, which cannot fall to redound y that ia exciting thee*, through •»totbecausetheyarewronged,otthat »r-«ech,blaassurancethatwear*tilbrothers shoulderbitters,grogtellers,keepersofhouses tothepubliobenefit 80wefindUllmancom tawrousingofblindconecienc*.toenforceab-1,butItistheoutbreakof ofacommoncountry,aadhisill-timedjokes ofprottitution,thievesandloafers,whomake tegoutofexilelikeNapoleonreturningfrom stractaadimpracticable moral proposition*can help It, to have an? Ganbaldia In PMXS--Atthepresenttimeof intense excite- sibleenough,isnotthekindof thingwewant tions, electing candidates sad pilferingthe Irving place. He has laid oat allcan parte have tooffertheirreadersupontoonothing. The chairman, however, has not subject They cannot comprehend how it is If Mr. Lincoln would only inform us who he treasury. This is their regular line of butinese, ment at the South, when every conservativeho or bi^ friends could male for the text six eyes, biting off noses and other civilized recie- some important alterations both in the stageA dim idea of her prospective greatness ap-pears now to ho dawning upon the mindofLouis Napoleon, and he views with aay but of fifteen sovereign States to organized, andrewardcanbebestowedupontheliberatorofSicily, Naplea, Umbria, Perugia and theMarches, with their twelve millions of popula-tion, we ate at a loss to name. But the tameofsuchdeedstshiswilllive,surroundedbyahalo of glory, s s long as the priceless boon of ple. Thus the whole system of their industry liberty Is appreciated, or history endures toarrayTHE CBABTBB ELECTION—TIM RCI FIANS AT they are now apparently as jolly as if thereWOBK.—There is a great deal of fuss and tur-shoulderhitters,grogsellers,andallthatpor-was no probability that the South will secede; thatthecommercialmetropoliswilllosein consequence one-half of its wholesale and re- tailtrade;thatonehalfthegreatbazaarsontionofthegoverningclasseswhoarenotin Broadwaywilllosemoneyinsteadofmakingo fsplendidequipages.N e wProminent among these hopeful people w e transmission of cotton still more doubttul, sadElba, and issuing one or his characteristic bul-interests,entree and credit, which have grown upthe social guarantees ef the constitution, and the interpretation that has boon put upon them for the test seventy years, are about to be destroyed by a now interpretation whioh to about to be put upon the compact of our Uoion. A purely sectional party, proclaiming a deadly hostility t o the principle upon which the toctetya n dt h emightyedificeo fwhioh this party to organised has already dividedthechurches,theratoaJoasryandtract societies, and the political parties of the land,intoruin. ThistowhattonowgoingonInoar midst, and if the existing industrial and com- mercial relations between the North and thethis, a n dhencet h eanticipation• Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comfttiontoX list kind, These tie the M whoand the auditorium ot fee Academy. 