 ' 'ft* St. Pwl, Ep. «4flora.,c xiii, v. 1, et «e<i.1 5l * I T 1coast of Ireland, on the 17th of last Dceoember, tor Fanatic and absolute in his ideas of administration, tbe island of Madeira, which he reached on the 25th of•y'**1 If'at a small amount. The clerk announced that the world,'without any impediments. And" therefore it;!I\ 111The steamship Adriatic was spoken on the 16th inst., at 6 a. m.f by the ship Cultivator, Captain Russell, in lat. 40 10, Ion. 63 33, a little over 500 miles from San- dy Hook. Captain R. saya that the Adriatic was going at the* rate of 15 knots per hour.•^1-ariot in connection with a' prize-fight, and the whol 'to themselves damnation."* These wicked innova- disorder. county has long been known as the most dangerou tors, in attacking the temporalpower of the Churchprisoner. In consequence of these events a new de- cast in bronze. The woik is by Behnes, and ia »»&ig;t£' t.Untitled DocumentI f -a r e w o r t h y t o o b t a i n t h e b e n e f i t o f a b s o l u t i o n ; t h u s w e declare by the nreeent letter.o w e s h i s r e p u t a t i o n t o t h e k i n d o f t o r t u r e h e a p p l i e s i nithe fall of the Koman Empire and its consecutive di- document is, and shall always remain and be consider- Baron La Loggia; M. Geiaci, a rich merchant, &c. eat impunity, he did feel sore at the treatment he was viaion into several kingdoms, the Romish Pope, whom ed valid, and shall be invariably and inconteatably ob- To enm up, a death struggle has b»gun between the-receiving. Christ established as the chief and the center served by those to whom it refers, they shall be re- victims and their executioners. W e shall soon see He apologized if he had used expressions which he of his whole church, obtained temporal power. There- sponsible before every ju^ge or deputy, also before the whether tbe latter will always have the upper hand.by her owner. She is registered at 105 tuns, and ear-lies a crew consisting of captain, mate and six seamen.She left the harbor of Baltimore on the southwest•>especially in such places where in would be most re- disaffection is suppressed; tbe disorganization of the days' Btay there, she made a trip to St. Jago de Cuba Be added that the authorities had no feeling beyond ject to any influence of temporal powers, or biased quired, we will that this letter, or copies of it, shall be Provinces is not allowed to be mentioned; the move- in six days, and thence made a passage to Mobile in the preeervation of the peace. It was stated by the in the exerciBe of tbe religious powers which the posted on the doors of the Lateran Church, on those ments of troops are concealed, and the world is tempted ten days. From Mobile, she sailed to Cuba in six days.Holy See has to fulfill over the greater part of the Church of the Prince of the Apostles (basilica to believe that a coulcur de rose sufi'uees all the facesCourt that Heenan could not further be interfered with of the Christians. It is easily understood that Prina'pis ApostolorumJ, on those of the apostolic and the affairs of the Neapolitan and Sicilian popula- She next set sail for New-York, where she arrived in amywhere, unless he broke the peace. The sureties the dominion of our Roman Church, although chancery and }>Qienilcnr\&(curiageneralis), in Monte tions. eight days from Havana. Throughout the voyage, she -were promptly signed, and Heenan and his friends left having the appearance of something temporal, Citatoris, and at the corner of the field of Flora of the On Friday, we received information that a serious underwent the moBt thorough tests of weather and sea, Derby for London. J nevertheless is really of a spiritual charaoter, by the city, (in acic camvi Flora, de urbeL aBisusual, and the disturbance had taken place at Messina, which prom- and proved herself a stanch, seaworthy craft. Sir-ACCIDENTS AND INQUEST?.—Coroner Schirmer holdm•to still adhere to their exercise as strictly as possible power, have sullied themselves by their wicked acts.and not make this affair the excuse for a break on- In these miechievous and perverse intrigues, which we - Both seem anxious fox a mill, and no stone will be left deplore, tbe Sardinian Government has the principal xmturned hy the London friends of Heenan to bring part, as itis generally known how much id that king- •bout a satisfactory settlement. W e have learned that dom the Church has suflered injuries and restrictionsA small body of insurgents had been defeated at Bilbao previous to Ortega's act.A concordat had been concluded between Spain and Rome, and was promulgated.The Madrid Gazette publishes the text of the pre- liminaries of peace with Morocco, which have receivedOn Monday, the 16th, Gen. Serrano was to leave Ha- vana on a visit to Matanzas and Cardenas, at which plaots he was to have a grand reception.out ompowored to effect a dissolution of the UnioM between England and the Canadaa, an attempt wouMj be made to seize the Citadel, and lire at the Roy* aquadron aa it approached.—Tbe Church cf St. George'B-in-tbe East, in Lo»jdon,haafora long time been the scene of disgraced A 1* A V*Mi f*+i*uf.rr+*&»iil 'MP***.'Jn-v^mK>f„W W — W W ."„ ,i&^~^i*^^^z^±^.-±; ••j....,.y . w .| i.ij. ;ji,'',J,"'L^J.|J..'.,J'.,i'»'"..,1,'......, i•H?:,!Bny%iffHnraAy:wBWPwi"ji"w » u 5SB5!S£5!-naip!?5«* • if!NEW-YORK DmYTO^•'•••» 1 1 , . ....*-.-• ••_ ••'•hope, will he quickly forthcoming, to enable him to leave the county. __ v a vSt. Peter's, as stated above, ought to he orotected id the liberty of its apostolio office. The first evident s'gns of the hostile attacks were seen at flie Paris Con- gress of the ye*r 1856; when that power, among other nestle declarations, prbooeedto weaken the temporal powerof tbe Pope and the authority of the Holy See. But last year, when war broke out between the Em-er»itn»y. *H th* temtory cocopiited from the ««a, following the bight* of ioira «nl)onei», as far *• tho road of ArjcPera,•'" Art. 2. In the »arhe meaner bis Majeuty the Klag of Moroooe trotferuke* to concede, io perpetuity, along the eoant of ».ne oee«* to Santa Civz, t-bo Peo^-ena, tbe territory »ufliiri«nt for trw forma- tion of an e»tabU»liinent like that which Spain poaseBiwi tnere0I'TM*itf3. Bid Majesty the King of Moroeeo win Tatfy, within tbe b'ie'eBt period po««iblef the oonvenjion relative to taw placea cf MelUlft, El Pencn, and Alhoceman, * ^ c h the Plenipoten- tiarieo of Sp^in and Morocco signed at Tetuon on the 24th or**Art 4. Anajartindemnityfortheexpenses©fthe war,His Maierty the Eftig of Morocco engages to p«y to Her Majesty the Q w e u o f tho Spams tho sum of 20,OcO,0(IO pUrtors. The mod^cf pojing this sum will be stipulated in tho treaty ofP e " Art. 5. Tbe town of Tetuan, with the whole of the territory that formed the Mioient pasbalic of the son: 0 name, will remaAn is tbe position of her Majesty the Queen of Spain as M«nnty for the execution of the obligation.speclf.ed in the aforesaid arti- cle nnill the e o m p W psymeut of the war indemoity. Imme- dWely after the said payment shall have been mad« in fall the Spanish troops will • v»enBte tbe sold town. anJ1 territorf.r" art 6 A>reat"» o coa)merc* shall be concluded, in wbloH will—The fellowTug incident in tbe Hfeof the grand. father of tbe late Governor Caleb Strong of Maena- dsuretts is quite romantic: " He paid some attention to Mary {daughter of Capt. John) Sheldon, of Deer- field, Maps., and there was love, but no engagement between them. . On the fatal 29th of February, I70*fshe was taken prisoner by the French aad Indian!, an,} carried to Canada, where she remained two or three years. It i« irtated that tbe first question she asked of those who came to redeem her was, whether Jonathan; Strong was married. He was married—her return. being considrred very uncertain. After her return.jffcenaB feeid to Bail and Released.In our first edition we stated that Heenan had beenarrested at Tr*nt Lock, near Derby, and conveyed tothe lock up in that town, where he remains m the ens-tody of the Superintendent of Police. In our remark*upon the subject, we sUted that if any persons were tob»ame for the arrest, they mu*t be Heenan himself. peror of Austria and tbe Emperor of the French and Macdonald, and Mr. .Falkland. After that edition had the King ofNSardinia, no fraud, no sin, was avoidedPORTXAKD, Monday, April 23,1860.I k e steamship Au*tralaaian, from Liverpool at noon ©I the 11th, via Queenstown on the 12th, arrived atPortland at 6 o'clock this morning. ^£b« has be* D chartered for the voyage by the Cana- jgap Steamship Company to take the place of the Novagoetian, which was to have a new screw pnt in her. The K. M. ateamahip Asia, from New-Y ork, arrivedat Liverpool at 1 p. m. of the 8th.The Canard screw steamer Etna from New-York,axriv*d atliverpool at 1 p. m. of the 9th.The screw steamship North Briton from Portland,sjrv<^ at Qoeenstown en the evening of the 10th. The steamship Teutonia, from New-York, arrived atBantaampton on the 12th.The steamship Pulton, from New-York, arrived atwhich eou'd exciteeon with Heenan for a fortnight, and shortly after- of the Church to sedition. Hence instigatorsmont.:\'. ^he selected Trent Lock as being on the borders of three counties, Nottingham, Derby, and Leicester, and within easy accesB of any of them. He and Jack's friend had taken such precautious as they thought would render everything perfectly safe, and had em- ployed a fellow named Cook, a tailor, to sound the police, and ascertain what w-as the feeliog, aud whether anytting had been done or was intended to be done- .Ti»J» scoundrel, whose expenses were paid, and whoday,th«8th. The proceedings were tame,-anoSthere Heenan's whereabouts.were net more than a thousand present.The submarine cable for Gibraltar will he ready bythe middle of September. •'CAPTURE *>F THE " BENECIA BOY/* Fnm TA* Ma%ch**t*r Gnardiau, April 1.Heenan, the " Benecia Boy," who ia matched tofifth* Tom Sayersforthe *.' Oharaolonsbip of the world," press our opinion that neither of the men, nor theirernment were immediately appointed, who then, iu as- suming othertitlee, undertook to govern those provinces. During these occurreoce?, we, remembering our serious office, did not fail in our allocations of 20th of June and 26ih September of laet year to complain loudly of these violat ons of >he temporal po wer, and to remind the vio- lator Fjof the punishment and atonement which are im-»ice at b'ez, or at the spot best suited for the protection or bpau- M> intwesu, and for the maintenance of |oad relations betweentbetwoStates • •:i"»«* i« v it t"Art 8. Hfs Majesty tbe Emperor of Morocoo will antbortee -be es-obHshment at r?ez of a bouse of Spanish missionaries, hkebat which exists at Tangier. ; ' ... •..- .'• A»T. 9 Her Moj.bty the Queen of the Spams will immedi-ately appoint two Vlenlpotenttarieo, who, with two others ap- byldVM»i*stj tha Eojpeior of Morocco, will have topdorainwteudp the defln-tive articles of the treaty jmt peace. ,The«e Pleuipo'erititries will meet in the Town of TeT-eau, and tuelr abo>s will have to t-e completed with tb« least po«ibl« delay, be time in no case to exceed thirty days'r^koring from thi«"March25. MUL.EY A B S a S »•• Tue preliminary bases of tbe treaty of peace, having been agreed upon aid aiftred between Spain and Morocco by LeopoldStnthampton on the 11th.GBEA TBRIT AIN.aposed hy the canonical laws, and which they became lia-•JRxsre ia DOnews of political importance.Psrtiamtnt was no? sitting.Th* French and other continental journals accuse theble to. It might have been expected that the originatorsof these violatiftUB would, in consequence of our re-peated tdmonitions, abstain from their uujast projeota,e?pecially as all the chiefs of our holy church, as wellas the faithfol believers of every rank, dignity, andis now in the custody of Mr. U Jton, Head Constable of Derby. The details of his apprehension are as fol- lows : On Thursday afternoon last, Clarke, a Detective ©filter of the Leicestershire constabulary, ar ived in Dwby with a warrant for the apprehension of Heenan, i t being understood that the celebrated pugilist, with Ms trainers, was located at Trent Locks, which divide •be counties of Derby and Leicester. The Leicestershire officer got the warrant backed by a Derbyshire magis- trate, and at 10 o'cloek on Thursday night Clark, acwm- -pa»ied by Snp. Shaw, Sergeant Lowndes, and Policefriends, has had hand in tue business. From the fol- lowing report, received this morniog from Derby, it w»ll be seen that the warrant was originally issued in Leic*8tershiie. Who it is that has so pertinaciously followed up and persecuted Heenan we hope will be found out, in order that he may be held up to the ob- lobuy he deeeives:We have great pleasure in gratifying a request of Mr. Falkland in stating that the rumor as to Heenan's arrest having been caused by Tom Sayers, or his friends, did not emanate from him or from any ofW6LEOPOLD O'DONNELL, " MULEY ABBAS."The Bank of England has advancedits rate of inter- estto5per cent. ..—«...COHBOLB elose at94£'®94g for money, and 9^®9*i- for account.POLITICAL,—The Richmond Enquirer of the 20th prints a letican could do it. Heenan said he had never signed France, Germany, and Italy. any agreement to fight Sayers; therefore,, it was anremotest manner have participated in those deeds, aud also the successors in their offices, are liable to such revocation, retra«tion, abrogation, and abolition of theess Ronchibile, where she is slowly recovering! Her case, whereupon the Democrats took him up, and were relatives are still in prison. aided by a portion of the Republican voters- The Re-SlcgalappTehension. He also said he could "lick" my Engl Bbman, to which Lowndes, with a stretch of binouttm. replied that he would be a poor Englishman Sat couldTiot lick him. He*nan remarked, " I have •**been removed twice; they do aot attempt to t*ke •*Sayers, whi'e 1have oeen hunted about like a dog." £ i a a r r i v w i a ' . D e r b y a b o a t 1 0 a . m . c a u s e d a n i m n v s m s e aesftfetion, and the front of the Town H*ll was besiegedduring tbe day by a great mob.Afur Heenan had oeen in tbe lockup a short time he •wae vssited by Mr. H. P . Gis'wrae, a Derby, mac^ss trate, who ordered his removal to* better quarters, and i e was at once removed to the head constable's hou*se, where he is at present comfortably located. He will he brought np this morning before the county magis-trates. NHEKSTAK HELD TO BAIL AND RELEASED.Heenanwasbeforethemagistrate at Derbyonthe 7th, charged with tbe intention of engaging in a prizelight, thereby causing a breach of the peace.IT AL Y .The King of Sardinia was about to make a tour of above-mentioned sins, to do so personally, in reality, has his own way of applying it. The details would conrin by 12.100 majority, and, under certain circum-11.HI I i i.| i i|| iqj , B!;«on«-rt»fon of the treaty of poaoe «b»t.la to put an end to tie war bei»eeo Spain and Mco.xo:»'jftrt. 1. Bit Majesty tbe King of Moroeco eedea to her Mnjouty, the Superintendent of Pottos, awaiting bail. Tote, we while according to the will of God the Ho<y See of the Q.t»3*» Ol th*> Apaioa, in perp*t«iW, fall ooAWjoirion and »ov-'•.*•>1$ :•#€** M,as to the refection of training quarters. A w ^ « W ^\plaad afid France half a wntory ago, which was taken from them by the infamous intrigues of thohr Ne»poli- t«» masters, and without whteh they have become and moot remain tbe most abject vassals of that abjeot Government—the Government of Francis If.SAVOY.The answer of Austria to the circular of M. Thou ve-n d , on the annexation of Savoy. like that of Russia, raisssno objectionito tbe annexation BO long as it is the free concession of Piedmont, and not an appeal to universal Buffrage. She desires the neutrality of Pied-PERSONAL.,•n*\*«-fi*»day, theletin tipon tbe congregi the rector when b<^ —Tbe Prince of will be attended I «f the Queen's S* he the Duke of N< - —Tbe connrmatplace at Windsor tpatroufemg roanne - would he no statewould be perform*~At a recent J1 one dreams'ance -interest, vfe. t tbe la Rive. Never « during the compli'' *ejmWm «ent an *i ' - —The Preecott ' «i theHartfordCCoBege, Conn., hStocking of the S . t o n , author of a-the judge who ros —Paul Mendeii .; jTOpoeeste publicpondence, and he Scripts from his ba JDroysen will edit—MBe. Titiena, Engagement at He . aecentiy-singing aton her benefit nigL \ silver with berries;lfW;reclamations, and has even dared to inflict on our BTO f m LATER FRO*EUROPE. message says Heeaan is not to gaol, h u t » e n r t o d y o f ehnrch great injury, and to attack its secular power,AT36TRJJLASIAJff AX PORTLAND.gone to press, we learned that Mr. Falkland had notthe inhabitants of the Statesward we had a visit from that gentleman himself, whowas as much concerned as ourselves at the c damitywhich had b*fallen his protegt. It is clear, therefore,that he could not have advised the Benicia Boy to takehis sudden journey into Derbyshire; and it is equally who were members of the embassy of that country at clear to ne t n a t " The Boy" himself cannot be eeo*uredCOTTON—The pales of Monday and Tuesday werefor the selection of his quarters, as he must have been mainly dependent upon his attendants in this matter, and, moreover, cannot have any intimate knowledge of the country. *.Jack Macdonald has since called upon us; he says he leftDtrby on Friday night, and traveled all night tolight, 8s they preiended their dignity, in order to beenabled to misuse it, to pursue their dark projects fordamaging our Papal Government. When, then, in someof our provinces the Bedition, which for some timehad already been entertained clandestinely, broke outat last openly, the agitators directly proclaimed a royalbe ttipria«cd,ta'f.vr of Spain, all the advantages that would"Art. 1 To avoid, in future, event s like thoH« that occasioned qniet snd buyers demanding a reduction. Pork steady. Bacon living in Northampton who had seen the venerablehad received all sorts of presents,* declared positively that all was right; and it now turns out he had played ntb tbe hands ot the police, and it was through him A Reform meeting was held in Hyde Park on Suu- alone that the officers obtained information as toJ£»^)ish Parliament of favoring-the recent Carlist at- tempt in Spain, and the insurrection iu Sicily.Trent Lock, it ieems, is the place where Dick Hallaud other Not ingham men, including the Bold Ban-digo, had repeatedly trained, and it,is therefore not atall singular that it should have been selected. We are the maintenance of the Papal power. . Bat—we glad, lor the sake of all parties, that this matter iscleared up, and we are pleased at being able to ex-6patisb simy in Africa, and Mnley Abbas, Oaliph of the Empire or'Morocco, and Piince of the Algrave, ail hostilities will coase from this d»y between tbe t<voaTmies,* the bridge of Bnrej* be- ing the line that is to divide the two armies. Tbe nndorsiimed wul give the most peremptory orders to their respective armies, and severely cbastite any one contravening them. Muley Aboaa engages.'to prevent tbe ho«t\lttios of the Kabyles, and, if by chance tbey sbould nevertheless commit any. he authorizes the Jrpajibh srmy to ohastwe them, without the peace being consid- eied to be tberehy Infringed.changed, bnt prices are ii regular and favor buyers. BKKADSTTJFFS firm with a good demand. PKOYIBIONU quiet.PRODTJC*: quiet.marriage, contracted "with Mile, de Laplace, married the Count Colbert and the Marquis Texier d'Hwrte- feille.,Constable Ballam, of the Derbyshire forces, pro- Heenan's party, all of whom have the highest opinion«M ded in a " trap " to Trent Locks, where they arrived of Tom S&yeis, and believe" him utterly incapable of tions; and on the other aide we feel what the cause of the Catho'ic Church. He declares that the provisions•bout one o'clock yet terd«y morn»ng. They put up at Deacon's pabHc-hoase, ana remained there until five a. m , when they proceeoed to the Navigation Inn, kept Vy >fr. Bice. A Trent ferryman let them iato the WBR«, and th*»y at once planted themeslves at tae bot- tom of the bedroom stairs, and then a»ked for the land- lord. The landlord came down. In answer to thequestion whether Heenan was not in his house, he re- plied that he had been there on the evening previous, bat he did not know that he was sleep'ng taere. Ser-such coneuv.t.Mr. Falkland, on leaving our office on Fright night,intimated that he would send down a friend to put in bail for Hetnan, and we trust to be able shortly to announce his freedom.To the men themselves we have few observations to make. Let both go into the ring, with a strict de- termination to fight fair, and take no unmanly advan- tage. Let both remember tbat the Kales of the King are much more strictly construed than heretofore, and thatour Apostolic See and the whole catholic world re-quires, foi stigmatizing the attempts of those wickedmen, in order not by tarrying to prejudice the dignityof our grave office. It resalted that, faithful to the defensive preparations. ^ examples of our illustrious predecessors, we exercise—It waa' generally understood that the late T>r» AnguetUB E. JOB*up of Philadelphia, would leave a legacy to the Academy of Sciences in that eifcy. He died, however, without having made any testamentary provision for this purpose. His children have deter- mined to carry out the known intention of their father, and they have accordingly informed the Academy that tbey will pay annuaOy $000 toward the Publication Fund, and to aid deserving, indigent young men, debiting to acquire a knowledge of the National Sciences.—The 'wiH of Stiles Park, tbe validity of which was disputed, has been sustained by the Superior Court iaLONDON, April 12, 1860. geant Lowndes and Police constable tlnliam then pro- any falling without a blow, except from obvious ac- "Having invoked the light of the Holy Spirit iu pri- ; The tightness in the Money Market had arfunfavora-•eeededed to a room, the bod of which had evidently j«st been vacated, and by the side of it were a shirt, treures, and waistcoat. In the room also were two of Heenan's backers, and O'Donnell, his trainer. One of them was an Americas, who said he had only arrived in England the day previous. They all" denied any knowledge of Heenan's whereabouts.After the officers had searched every room upstairs fcr about an hour, they descended again. Directly afterward, a man named Henry Zaehison, who keep* the lock-house on the Trent bank, c*me iut? the housewith a note-written in pencil, which he gave to thelandlord. The police were in plainclothes, and 8up*r-. ing of countenance and support, and well calculated to have been their warrantees, supporters, help-the head of Police Constable Hallam. He at onre been coldiy received in some places. j took to his heels, followed by the officers. An excitiag The Government had reprimaud«dtbe Paysand Patrie«hase ensued, but the American, not knowing the for giving currency to rumors that England is blamea- ''**hne of country," was captured after clearing a fow ble for the outbreaks in Spain and Sicily.joyed until now from our Papal predecessors, and that they cannot in any manner be released or absolved of these censures bv any one except ourselves, or the Romish Pontiff then reigning, except at the momentand grand verse, the plain ive confession that the union of beauty and artifice in his experience of the sex was such a moral incongruity that fear waa the prevailingiSelds.Both fieenas and his backers appeared deeply mor-The Paris flour market was heavy and lower. Wheat of death, but not in the event of their recoverywas quiet and unchanged. when they are again subject to the above punish-cident, or any other practice contrary to rule, will as- vate and public praj era, and having taken the advice sure ily be puniihed severely. Such a battle as this of the reverend brothers, the Cardinals of our holyble effect on the Stock Market, and the funds closed {causes more excitement than anything of the kind in' modern times, and is looked upon by a<l classes as an event which may in all probability influence the for- tunes of the King, either for good or for evil, to an ex- tent impossible to calculate.keep up to the m>*rk that dogged spirit of enduranoe, ers, counsellors, followers, as well as those ana that determined pluck, so peculiarly the character- who connived at executing the above-men- istic of the English nation, and we may add, without tioied deeds under whatever pretense, and iaThe Bank having raised its rate of ditcount " ipercent, Consols closed at 94§.my friend8, therefore, not to offer myiamo, but to unite cordially with the majority of the delegation, and to present the vote of the State a unit before the Convention."8fseibn at Norwich, Conn.$34,000, and a provision of the will declared that none) of the money ehonld be applied in any manner what- ever, directly or indirectly, to the support or for the benefit of any religious teacher, society, church or denomination, on condition of reverting the property to tbe Rf treat for the Insane in Hartford, for the eag- port of the insane poor.—The Italian author, Leopardi, who, The Ckristiam Examiner tells us, " uniting deformity and fragility of person wih defp eeneiihty and profound insight- con iemned both to feel all the attractiona and to rca£ a*l the my a cries of female character—hia left on record, in the midfit of his high speculations, learned thesesIt may, if badly conducted, for ever put an end topug liem in this country; or, on the contrary, if reallyana truly a model mill, maj have the effact of con-vincing even the most determined enemies of the P . K.that there is yet a something in British boxing deserv- some of thoee acts themselve?, as well as•.those whoNAPLES.An insurrection had broken out in NapleB.mtendent Shaw said to Zachison, " What is it V He rephed that "it was from Heenan, who was at his ** noose." The note was as folio ws:M I MB waiting for my shoes at the Lock-hoa**-, O'Donnell Booot biisg lh*ro to mi- direcUy.'*The ofBcers then proceeded to the Lock-Hanse. Zacbison denied ah knowledge of Heenan, and would not allow them to go up stairs without producing a search warrant. Sergeant Lowndes then went- to aeoaitty magistrate for a search warranty and after ne had [Ken gone about ten miuutea Heenan jumpedthrough Zacbifton's bedroom windo w and leaped over neutralized provinces of Sardinia, ana is said to have privileges aud grases .anti indulgence which they ea-—There was a report from Wisconsin that Judge captured, and the demonstration in Naples crushed. Dixon had been elected Chief Justice of Wisconsin, byfear of contradiction, of the nation whose son is now among us anxious to teBt the po wer of our Champion.It was considered certain that the fight would come off on the day fixed—the 16th.whatever manner, or who perpetrated them them- selves-, to have taken.on themselves the atonement of the major excommunication, and religious punishment as they are determined iu oar Apostolie Constitution, and by the decrees of the General Councils, especially that of Trent (sess. 22, chapt. 11, on reforms), and if necessary we excommunicate them again, weanatbem-The streets were cleared by patrols.*SICIL Y .The insurrection in Sicily is spreading, and the dis-patch of troops from Naples continues.The correspondent of Tlie London Morning Ckron-icle, vouches for vhe truth of the following almoetincredible statements, and for others quite too horriblea majority of 3,000 votee. Tbisresult is not confirmed, and now the result appears to be doubtful. The Mil- waukee Democrat ol April 13 reports the case as fol- lows:"The official majorities of several counties received last evening and to-day, reduce Dixon's vote so much as to leave nim hut three or four hundred, even after allowing against Sloan what may or may not be ant* ,- FKANCE.An Imperiel Commission was traveling through the isethem, further declaring that they are to.lose allto be printed.TDe police of Palermo, desiring to lay their hands on error in La Croeee County, which reduces the latter'spretext, with the" ly by billa of ox< genoe they have paper report of 1 Hew -Jersey. M account.—George Smi Packer, run dow returned safely tj Slim he was float ael with which t ter him, and af the only person the cook.—Another Si ej d final aettiemen: B u r n s h a s j u s t b< Mr. Whitten, ap Hiss Martha P( did not appear.heen an infraciU this: that ML-• 1 tenancc for the < her, making-h«r iog a large revei thechildalsooil out in public; ellto take her out I proper guardiai had reputation. |>y the ovidem *'that the dele: denture, and child, and also j i>ut the womachild, Ella, is v>—Senator A on the HomeeU he quoted a p u= introduced it th Rome ia her in of one of the, lished by Mact—Mr. K. K.| Republican, a I has retired, un\ Ray, late of—Tho raiiw Accident on Wednesday, on a charge • iag a verdict cj—It ia said, recently five ville, Brown been mixed wjerahlo quanti} the thief, mi: modify, whu awaited theas d shortly Story family feeeed the the]Stovetified at id* being taken. This was about 7 o'clockmiles. On the road he had ajjood de*l of "chaff" A oew journal—the Correspondent—had appeared have brought everything back fully and effectively towere despatched, awas spent arms were supplied, excitement was created hy bad pamphlets and journals, and fraud of every kind was employed, even on the partof thoseThe flactoations in the Bourse were slight; the ment and are unable to receive any abso-yesterday morning:, and, a trap being- oent for, Heenan rentes closed on the 10th at 69190. Market doll, but lution, until they .have retracted, revoked, annulled,"was put- in and conveyed to Derby, a diatonce of 10 and abolished in public all they have committed, andRome, without anv regard to honesty and internationalthe inferior qualities, and quotations are irregular.STATK OK TRADE —The Manchester market wasquiet and in »ome osses previous prices were barely sustained.BR»ADSTT;FFS.—Ricbwdeou, Spenoe 6c Co. reoortFlour firm at 2fl/"®30/. Wheat firm and holders demanding anadvance: sales of Red at 10/3'«>10/«. and White at 10/9®U/«.Strong'* wife both died; and these aged persons—he in his 80th year and ebe in her 70th—renewed their attachment, after a lap*e of fifty-eight years, and were married in 1762." Sylvester Judd, esq., of Northamp- ton, saya that a tbi/d of a century ago people weraeet himself right with us and the public. He declares dictatorship, and commissioners of the. Swdioiau.Gov- the ni't-sent war, tbe reore«entative of Spain at Morocco may re-quiet and easier, bat quotations unchanged.PRODUCE.—Rosin dull. Spirits Turpentine firm andslightly ndvarced. Sugar firm. Cotfwe quiet. Rice quiet. Ashes quiet. The holidays produce quietness in alj a'ttcles.LONDON MARKETS,—BREADSTUFFS dull but steadySnoAKqui't. CopyjeBfirm. TEA dull TALLOW quiet at 56/® 56/6. RICK quiet LINSBBD OII.27/»®28/.AMERICAN SECURITIK:?.—The market for AmericanStocks bad an upward tendency. Illinois Central shares, ,.43 discounv; do. 7per cent bonds, 79|; New-York Central shores, 69; Erie shsres, 11: Pennsylvania Central shares, 37@40; do.6s, 1st mortgage, 88®89. ; . ' ; 'LONDON MONEY MARKET.—Consols closed on laes-day at !Mi®S4$ for money an.d account.Tlie Latest via Queenstown.LIVKUFOOL, Thursday, April 12—p.m.couple ride through tbe streets of that town, she da ft pillion behind her husband.—Concerning marriages: Mr. William Goizot, son of the diftingnubed writer and statesman, is about to marry a daughter of one of the oldest hooves of the South of France, Mile. Gabrlelle Verdier de Claux ofNimes. Miss Hatton of New-York is BOOS* to he mar- iicd to the Marquis de Portcs, the only mtie represen- tative of a Toulonne family, of wiich the nobiliary rank datea from 1747, Monsieur de Portcs is the son of ibe deceased Senator of that name, by his secood wife,that, authority which gives ue the power to loosen aad to bind, in order to employ the necessary severity against the guilty, and to give a salutory example to others.JAP AN. Affairs in Japan were unsettled.sent his name to a National Convention, they must act as a unit, without bargain or alternate arrangement with the friends of any other candidate." In hia letter the ex-Governor states very frankly that, whether the preference of the Virginia people was or was not fairly expreeeed in the late Convention, it certainly wae not expressed in his favor. He then goes on thus:' " Without the voice of Virginia, clearly and indis-Romish Church, we declare, in accordance with the authority which we hold fron Almighty God and the most Ho'ly Apostles, Peter and Paul, aud also in ac- cordance'with our own authority, all those who have taken part in the sinful insurrection in our provinces, in tbe usurping, occupying^ and invading them, or in doing such deeds as wo complained of iu our above- mentioned allocutions of the 20th June and 26th of Sep-lower than yesterday. The reaction in the share putably declared for me, I decline to a'low my namemariet was more decided. Money was very active, to be presented primarily before the Convention for aand 5£ per cent was demanded in many instances for nomination. In no event am I willing. that it shallEhort bii's. The colonial produce market opened dull. cause any division of the vote of our delegation. I begtember of the last year, or those who have perpetratedThe royal troops carried the convent hy assault, after bat- tering a breach, and the rebels and their arms werewith; the officers, and threatened to smash Sergt. at Strasbourg' as an organ of tne French Government, itB ioimerstafe, and have given complete satisfaction for her appearance. At the present moment Eleonora fused to sufctain Judge Smith's decision in the BoothLowndes's nose, but the latter replied that no Amer- and advocates the maintenance of the boundaries of to the Papal Power. Therefore, all those who in theinauguration through his^new dominions. The BritishEmbassador (by orders from Loudon) and the SardinianCourt accompany him. The Parliament of Turin would and freed, but to always remain bound by it until they ports of the medical officers. The famous Pontillo a d j o u r n t o e n a b l e t h e m e m b e r s t o j o i n t h e K o y a lcortege.Garibaldi had arrived at Turin, and taken his place in the Chamber of Representatives.the very office of his commi?saryship—making the on for a speech just before the Democratic party ofwere to give you the nanes of men belonging to the populace the list would expand to thousands:Dr. Pilliteii, father of a numerous family; Chevalier his passion was aroused; but when he considered that should doubt the signature or the value of this letter, Bracco'nephew of tbe illustrious exile of that name) he had been hunted out of eight counties, while his conditions and necessity of the times. It was there- or who should be brought before justice and should ap- and his wife; M. Lcuis Lomma, a superior clerk in theintention of doing so. True he may have made nee of it may not be subject to any civil po wer. And fur-mentioned or not, for whose sake the present letterharsh language in the excitement of his capture, when thermore, in order to obtain that the church required has been written, and who are not sufficiently designa-those guaranties which' were in accordance with the ted, or who for any reason or pieteu3e whateverand in truth, and to give tie full satisfaction they osye to the Holy See, andtmder no pretense to be releasedprobably be revolting, but they are but too true, and can be established by official documents and the re-Btsnces, hy 25,000 majority.—Fidelity to party tactics and interests is a goodt h i n g — s o m e t i m e s . M r . S i d n e y W e b s t e r , b e i n g c a l l e d"But in being obliged by sad necessity to fulfill this part of our dnty, we do not forget that we represent Him on* earth ' who wishes not the death of a sinner,patient sit down on a chair with an open-work seat, furnished with razor blades, and having underneath a chafing dish of bqrning coaL ' jMassachusetts sailed for Charleston in the L. R. Spauld-great deal of moneyclass, joined their own protests to ours, in order toCOTTON—Sales yesterday and to-day. 20,000 bales,ing, concluded his remarks with the following stiff " Apostolic Letter of our Most Holy Master Pius IX., ' but rather that he should be converted and live, for ; Inspector Louis Maniscalco, a namesake of the Di- toaat:THE P AP AL BULL.1 He came into the world to seek and to savetnoae who of major excommunication is inflicted on the »w- ' die.' Therefore, in fervent prayer we implore andvaders and usurpers of some of our Pontifical we ask unceasingly, in the meekness of our heart, the ferer is stubborn. In the slang of the sbirri, tbiafo alacrity, as we ore sure they will.Pcpe by the grace of God, by which, the punishmentrector-General, applies iron manacles to the accased,which are made to grip tighter and tighter if the suf- Tfie Hew-England Democracy—No matter who thoynomlnate,Provinces."PIUS P.P. IX. "TotheEternalMemoryofthiiMatter." A s the Catholic Church, founded and established by tbe Lord Christ for the everlasting salvation of man- kind, ha3 acquired the form of a perfect society by itsmercy of the Almighty to enlighten by the light of Hia called " the angelic instrument." \ —IOWA, holds her State Election, under her now corps, were at the game time aeen running away. holy grace, and by His Almighty virtue to lead back Jailer Bruno, in the commiasaryehip of the odious Constitution, in November, on the day of the Presi- Alter much trouble the names of the party were ob-ilr. Leech appealed in his behalf, and said Heenan Divine character, it ought, therefore, in the f nliiilment any manner, of whatever rank, dignity, or class Minister. And with reference to Palermo, here is ahad never broken the peace in England, and had no of its sacred ministry, tq possess that freedom by which tbey may ne, or whether they are iadividoaUy new list of notables arrested without reason. If Ito the path of salvation all those against whom we Careca (there is a prison to each commissary's riia-have been obHged to employtheseverityof there? trid),etripshisprisonerof hisclothing, andthentieslieious punishments. Herewith, by this letter and his head between his legs.all its contents, and all that has been said above, we As regards Naples, a l Europe has read tho de- order all who have participated in any way or ia spatches addressed to his Government by the Englishdentialelection,andnotinOctober,asformerly.MARINE AFFAIRS.THE J5R1TISH YACHT MAGNOLIA.The yacht Magnolia, now lying in the North River, is owned by Sir Henry Beecher, an English nobleman, who came here on board of her. She was built by Brown &. Lovell of East Boston, some two yearstained, and warrants were iseued for their arrest. —The Rcme corretrpondent of Tlie. Boston Tranrscript, say»: " I noticed in an American paper some- j time ago a long obituary notice of Overbeck, the great German artist, who has lived so many years iu Rome. If the announcement of his decease be true, that dis-tinguished man makes an uncommonly agreeable ghost, for no longer ago than laet week I saw him in his atudio, and he told me his hoalth •had very much* im- proved of late.' It gives me great satisfaction to bf able to correct the report of his death."—Three persons were lately arrested and judged to b4 lanatics, because.they tried to enter the palace aud call on Napoleon. One was a commercial clerk who da- frired to say go<?d morning to his Majesty, and to present him a copy of a work on the physical constitution of the globe; he was at once given up to the police. The eecond wa» a farmer who wished to show the Emperor tome remarkable tunripB. The third waa a cook, with a patent xnttbod of roasting fowls.—The Evfaula (Ala.) Spirit aaya that on a steam- boat plying upon tbe river Chattahoochee, there i* an old negro pilot, whoee ekin has within a few weeks changed its color from ebony black to dazzling white. His meek, arms, and hands have a delicacy of hue notexponent Sayers was allowed to go on with the gieafc- fore in accordance with Divine Providence that, after peal against it, or who should ask for grace, that this Finance Department; the Notary Malocco; the son of ago, then named the Flora Temple, but since changedought not. T wo respectable gentlemen were ready to fore it has been ordered by God, in the wisest manner, auditors (caaditores) of the apostolic palace, and beforegive hail to tho amount required. Goided by the sta- that, as such a great number and variety .of prints' ex- the Cardinals of the Holy Ryman Empire, aud beforeFrom The London Telegraph, April 10. <,it was scarcely to be expected that the King of the Twoist, the Holy Pope should enjoy that political liberty the ad latore legatum an^ nuncios of tbe See, aud be-tion in life of the parties (in America Heenan was a which is so much wanted in order to exercise his spirit- fore all who poesees or will possess similar pover; Sicilies would spare such a tell-tale as the telegraph the same month. Having stopped there for a few"blacksmith), he hoped the Bench would assess the bail ual power, authority, and jurisdiction in the whole and tbey shall be deprived of all faculty and authority .would become in the hinds of irresponsible operators; dayp, she set sail for Teneriffe, a trip which she made iuBench agreed to take Heenan'B own recognizance for £50, with two sureties in £25 each; [Loud applause.]was necessary that the Catholic world should not haveof judging or interpreting, and that if they do, it shall and the consequence ia that it is seized upon by thebe declared invalid. As the present letter, as is well Crown, and worked with the blindest disregard to truth any reason to suppose that the Romish Pope is sub- known, cannot be safely published every eyheie, aud and the best policy of the State. Every little item offive day. After a brief stay there, she again set sail, and in fourteen days reached Antigua. After a fiveman at Derby to the following effect: tained by the Church, as the history of the temporal as well as copies of the printed letters shall be signed been put down with great loss by the military. Sub- thirty years of ace, has a florid complexion, and an am-" J**amaT Api 116.—Tb«7 have jo«t apprehended John Heenan re'gn of the Roman Popes, during so many centuries,by some public notary; and sealed by some person who sequent telegrams contradict this "statement, and main- ple beard. He is sojourning at tho Washington Hotel,holds an ecclesiastic dignity; their testimony shall be tain 'that the rebellion is extending itself, aud his evenreceivable in every place and in every country, as reached the C ty of Caeane. Of course, it was natural in Broadway, and intends, when he leaves here, to sailst Trent Lock, mad got him in Derby lock-np twenty rninte* ago."This announcement naturally/excited our surpriseshows most clearly. The general good and welfare ofthe peoples being increased by the temporal powerwell as in courts of justice aa in any other place; they that the Neapolitan Government should endeavor toshall be as valid as if they were presented aud de- hide the gravity of the rising, and keep it from the livered personally. knowledge of its own subjects. The fact is t'aat the " D<»ted at Saint Peter, Rome, under the ring of the dominions of Francis II. are toreatenod at the fishers, 26th day of March, 1860, in the 14th year of preeent moment from within and from without. Heour Popedom. has, by his oppressive and wicked system of rule, [L. S.] " plus P. P. IX. alienated from himself the affections cf his subjects, " In the year of. Our Lord 1860, Indict. III., the 29th and prepared the way for the most revolutionaryday of March, the 14th year of the Popedom of our propagandism. What wonder, then, that the Sicilians, Most Holy Lord and Father in Christ, Pius the Ninth, watching the late movements in the north of Italy, the present Apostolic Letter was published, and affixed should be animated with tho most intense hatred of thoto the doors of the Lateran and Vatican Churches, the monarch whose Ministers have repeatedly oppressed Apostolic Chancery, the Great Church of Innocencia, and insulted them, and that they should stretch forthfor Cowc8.and vexation, especially when We came to consider the which we are alluding to, it is not astoniwhing that thevpot where the arrest took place. We instantly com- enemies of this Church ebdeavored to weaken and toaurnicated tbe facts to Mr. Wilkes, as the proper rep- embarrass it by many intrigues and all kinds of at- resentative of Heenan in England. The indignatioa tempts.of that gentleman was not less than our own, and he it In these impious attempts they were vanquished and hia friends all agreed with us that if any persons sooner or later by God, who alwayH defends.the•were to blamefaxthe matter they were Heenan himself church. The whole world knows already how duringsaid his companions. Mr. Falkland and Jack Mecdon- these sad t'mes the adversaries 'of the Catholic andald. Burner* had been spread that Tom Sayers in- Apostolic See have made themselves detestable bytended to obtain the arrest of hiu opponent, iu order their attempts, which were characterized by their lying that he might retain the belt without another contest, hypocrisy m trying to deprive the Holy See of itshot such an accusation as this was warmly scouted by secular power. They could not obtain their end byTHE ADRIATIC.all the American gentlemen as by ourselves.Why Falkland or Macdonald should have selectedDerby, above all places in England, for the trainingan open attack, and by force of arms, but only by fa'ee and pernicious principles, by canning dissimula- tion In their conduct, aud by maliciously provokingand at the top of the field of Flora, by me"ALOYS SMtae-lNO, ApostolicalCorBe. " J-HILIPrus OSSAlfr, fiagUter Cuwer.''FROM VENEZUELA —Latest advices from Venezuelaare to tbe 23d ult. The news oontinued favorable asto tbe Constitutional party. The rebels, so called, had a gallantry refreshingly cool, took from the Prince*__ SMSMKAIT etsia ,Arago... <Jla»g«»w BoruosU. AmericaCity of B&kunol Vanderbilt.... Northern. hi.:tAfrica Hommonia... £uropa Illinois....... Asia New-York....HecZa..... Borus*ia.... X4©Y*~ScOti«UJ..|v i ( o . . . . . . . America.'City of Baltiw^ North Axw«n Africa Ne^-York,. Manuuoaitt... Vsfidtxbilt.... 3£uropa......jfultou SaxoaU.... «Wuen.,,M,„their arms to Piedmont for succor and redress 1 Can tbey forget that it was the father of their present priest-ridden sovereign who swore fealty to the Constitution and almost in the same breath vio- lated that oath? The history of the Sioiliaus isto have their man arrested they could not have gone to cleaily and distinctly condemned by the apostlo, whena better place to insure their object. It is only a fe w he says: * Let every soul be subject unto the higher at the Capital the occasion being the funeral of a also is different. The former have, with the exception accounts it was believed he would bo brought in a been completed, ano IBat the fouhdery where it ia W Wquarters of their man, we know not, nor can we pos- popular risings. They did not blush to counsel the subly eonceive. Had it been their deliberate intention peoples to sedition against their princes, which iaagain been routed at BarquisemetO, where, amongother chieftainB, they lost their general (Delgado), Bix colonels, and four majors. Gen. Saltillo had also been thing,place for the members of the P , B . to select for thel and its temporal dominion, and in despising its venera-SP AIN.•sports. . . . »It bsnot impossible that the matter may yet he am -ble authority, go so far in their impudence as to feign esteem for the Church and obedlen *eto her commands; anditisthemosttobedeploredthatsomeofih>seon whom, as sms of the Catholic Chuicb, the duty wasFROMHAVANA.—-ThenewsfromHavana,bythehad been arretted at Calandron. Ortega is to be tried vored them. Their national annals tell how for Habana at New-Orleans on the 18th, is unimportant. fully resolved that unices the Prince of Wales co»ei|cahhsettled,andthatthefightmayyetcomeoff—although, of course, it is impossible to bring it off othe day originally fixed. We would advise both me imposed to protect that Church and to maintain its atTortona. .!saysthat,atarumoredcaucusoftheopposition,it***Heenan had several narrow escapes from arrest prev.t- which we have already vehemently lamented in oarOOBto his arrival at Trent Lock. In the neighborhood consistonal allocution of the 22d January. 1855. The the Royal sanction:nothing new. They seek no political ohlmera, they place a kettle of water over the tire, set her clothes on fire, and disturbances caused by aome local quarrel*. " y**f Bedford, atStiJton, and other places, heonlves- Sardinian Government has until now despised our just i t ~ ••• • —•-•<*oed hy a miracle. It is a pity fits friends did not IpTthe advice offered them byLangham and other*,andurge no preposterous claims, they are carried away by was fatally burned. 4 verdict of accidental death was reudered. . ... ..... no revolutionaiy visions. They ask simply for then- ....The same Coroner bold an inquest on the body of an un-body of police, nearly 300 men, had for several w*»* attended ten-ice there to prevent any outbreak, V*Com advanced fid.®!/; Yellow, ZiimZSIG-, White, 37/©38/. have been or shall hereafter be conceded to tbe most favored na- ' PROVISIONS.—Wifcefield, Nash & Co. report Beefdefend unanimously the rights of the Holy See and O'Donnell, Duke of TetU6n Captain-Genera'-fa-Chief of tbe including 5,060 to speculators aid exporters. Tbe market is un- Mile. Georgiana Mattel; two daughters of the firstof t^ie Church jn general, as they very well under- stood how much the temporal ,*>wer, which is made queetionable on tbJs occasion, is necessary for~N. W. Lyon letidence in East A inst, inHia101sty Jwesariat Departm—A Paris mup; z the talent of M..) the prima donna caUs her Mile. leal—The Academy tit iU laat sitting there still remaina gan, United Stata'—Mr, Albert St "Chum/' with iu ter Monday he v " Mont Biacc."—There are no^ at Charleston 5t ever before contaiV-Joliien'f wide «W great distress ia—The St. Geoiproviding their ai the occasion in the money the banque—Mr. Alexande died on Friday, t.fcellent botacist, s and ehrobbery, ax favorably known, Garden." When' years ago, it was this sorely distrea tal aberration.—The Florence ttrtuer says that about whom som<Hoboken, are in i xm the alms of Shipped them atshudder in saying it—the Sardinian Government has not only despised our admonition aiid com- plnints, and our religious resentment, but, by per- severing in its wickedness by force, money, threats, terror, and other cunning means, they obtained the universal vote, in their favor, and dared to invade our provinces, to ocenpy them, and to subject them to their power. This is a gxe$t profanation, as rights of others have been usurpedagaihstthe law of nature aud of God; every law has been overthro wn, and the bases of all temporal power and human society have been undermined. We perceive on one side, with the great- ept grief, bowuselees would be all further complaints against those who, like deaf adders^ close their ears, and who do not listen to our complaints and admoni-. _ . , , - > LOJTDOK, Thursday, April 12—p. m.—It is said of Jullien that, shortly before his death, heentered hisbouse armed wih a large knife, " Come here," said be to hie adopted child, a girl about eighteen years old, " I am going to let you hear the angels sing." He was.going to cut her throat. She.had. presence of mind enough to reply: " Willingly; butbefore I go let me hear you play on the flageolet, that I may compare your mueic and theirs." Jullien thought tbe idea exceHeiit, and went to get his flageolet; while ho was gone the child called the eervantB, the unhappy madman was secured and carried to the private mad-"March25.Great efforts are making to capture Count Monte- molin and his brother.The boundaries of Ceuta have been amicably ar- ranged. Tbe value of tha territory ceded to Spain is three hundred million reals.ter from ex-Gov. Wise, declining to allow his name tohe used before the CkarleEton Convention, and pre-f*cee it with someremarks, saying, among other things,that indieputably a large majority of the Virginia StateConvention had a decided preference for him, and thathe is the choice of a majori y of people in the State; house, where he died a few days afterward. furthermore, " the name of Henry A. Wise is not theGERMANY .The Grand Duke of B-iden, despite the vote of theSecond Chamber, had proclaimed the independence ofof the Concordat shall he sanctioned and special lawssort of name to be log-rolled into a Presidential no nina The German States of the Rhine are making special ;tion. • Whenever a delegation from Virginia shall pre-ord lined.Latest via»•Queenstown.-JAs regards the torture, each commissary, each jailer, publican nominee for the Presidency will carry Wia-From Befl'« Lift, AprU 7. holy destination whida it enjoys, and by the close ties BOposted and published letters, and each of these let- ised to ripen into a general insurrection. The same Henry Beecber. the owner of this fine Httie craft is a snrpawod by that of the most beautiful Circassian, andhis lips are fresh and red as cherries; the rest of bis body is bleaching in the same manner. There is a« Btatuie provision against disbelieving this «tory.—Gov. Banks of Massachusetts has decapitated three of hia aids—Smith, Clapp, and Father. The offense was oratorical participation in a dinner of Bympathy with the superceded Adjutant-Gene rah The vacancde* thus created have been filled by the appointment of Col. Newell A. Thompson of Boston, Major Horaea Binney Sargent of Dorchester, and Major Elijah. B. Stoddart of Worcester.—At a concert recently given at the Palace of tM Tuileries, Alboni was obhged to fan herself witk * twitted programme, being warm and having no'Jnag better at hand. Tnis the Emperor perceived, and, wiJkThe ink is scarcely dry with which we wrote the by which it is connected with all Christian affairs. But ters shall have the same power upon every one telegram—it was a Government one—affirmed that the member of the English Royal Yacht Club, and bis yacht long article below on the match for the Championship, this does not prevent that all those things which con- whom it concerns as if they had been presented nom disturbance was solely caused by tbe "roaghs" of tae vwhen we received a telegraphic dispatch from a sports- duce to the secular welfare of the peoples may be ob- inatim and pcrsonaliter. W e order that translations lower clauses, and that these sans-culottes agitators had belongs to the Royal Yach . Squadron, He is aboutHUNGARY.There had been a great Anti-Austrian demonstration distinct from that of the Neapolitans; their race routed at Santa Ana, and, being close pressed, at last —The model for the statue of General navelock ktl' powers, for there is no power but of God; the powers stndent, who died of injuries received from the police of a few brief intervals, been the sport of fortune, andweeks since three men were tried at the assizes iu tha-very town for being concerned in a prize-fi/ht. IaDerby gail were Tom Paddock, Harry Poulson, Cal- fore, resisteth the power, rebistetfc the followed the corpse to the grave, amid patriotic were absolutist, and who copied closely the machinery cree of amnesty had been published, which, it was be in every way worthy of the artiai'a genius. **• laghan, and others, confined for many months, for *ordinance of God, and they that- resist shall receive cnes. The police did not interfere, and there was no of Government in vogue In Austria, in Franc*, or in' thought, would prove favorable to the pacification of statue is to be placed in Trafalgar Square in ^ a * *which are ordained of God: whosoever, there- ni the recent demonstration. Six thousand persons ruled by a succession of dynasties whose aspirationsthe ,.IOCOO, have agreed on the following preliminary buses for the. .known man, which was found in the water at pier No, 34 JEast Constitution, which was guaranteed to them hy En- ] 2Uyer. A yerd.iet of supposed drowning was rendered.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069COMMERCIALINTELLIGENCE,LIVSHPOOX.. April It, 18C0.12,000 boles, including 3 000 on speculation and for export. Themarket eloind dull with a decltning tendeotv, particularly for *be also married. But, in 1761. her husband and Mr.a certain Casimir Cusim&no, who, being suspected- of vote 300. All tbe heavy Democratic counties are nowpatriotism, had taken to flight, arrested as hostages, heard from gave Kewaunee and Lafayette, which cau-threw into filthy dungeons, and put to the torture, his i ot come up to the figures we have placed them at.old mother, his wife, and his sons and daughters. El- The matter is agam involved" in doubt, and there isconora,the youngest of the latcer,a charming and beau- even a cbanc* of Sloan's election, «s several counties emot on they woke in hij noble fiouL" tiful girl, lately married to a respectable citizen, un- in our cable are likely to gain considerably for him."derwent treatment that mo-ved the whole capital to pity. Dxeon and Sloan are both Republicans, and the for- —At AuTaria, Nebraska, on a recent Tuesday, a maa Madame Catalano, the wife of the celebrated advocate mer had been appointed by the Governor to fill a va- named Mo*es Young delioerately murdered William)of that name, made Buch entreaties to the Director Went, firing a charge of buckshot into his body. The Maniacalco that she obtained leave to take the poor cancy in the office. The Republican State Convention deed was committed with circumstances of unusualyoung victim to her own house, becoming answerable refused to adopt Dixon as a candidate, because he re-atrocity, and a crowd of tho neighbors seized the mur- derer. On the next day they appointed three judges and a sheriff; a jury of twelve was selected, aud the trial went on to a conviction. On Thursday, according to tbe sentence of the judges, Young was hanged, the gallows being erected over the spot where the muider. was done.— S o m e o f t h e n e w l y - o r g a n i z e d r i f l e c o r p s i n E n g l a n d ee6m to use their riflea as children use popguns. In Liverpool, not long since, a young lady waa out walk- ing, Accompanied by a favorite dog. She was suddenly startled by the report of a gun, immediately afterCusimano is residing at tbe country seat of the Count-which her dog sprang into the air, and fell back badly and no matter w/uit the platform, may tbey support it with wounded.' Four young men, in the uniform of thettSpain. Across the bosom of the Neapolitan territory the Republic, and the newly elected Congress was »oon Another statue by tho same artist ia to bo erected% jthe iron heclB of invading amies have frequently alao to convene at Caracas. The Emperor cf Morocco had ratified the bases of tramped, and the mistral has swept ovor their politicalpeace. r institutions no less than over their vineyards. The Gen.Ortega^andthreepersonsofthehighestrank isolationoftheSicilians,onthe contrary,hasfa-Sunderland, where Havelock was bom.—The Grumbler, a paper published in Canada,centuries they were liberally governed, andwith what enthusiasm they rallied round their Con-stitution. The traditions of those days have neverbeen erased from their minds. Repeatedly have theyfought for thoir ancient privileges, and only laid downtbeir arms under the most sacred promises that theirwishes should he realized. What they demand now, oniuquust yesterday upon the body of Mary Ann McGorern,who died utthe New-York; Hospital on Sunday night, from tae what they have seized their weapons to seoure, ia etiocts of burns received that day. The ohild. ia attempting toClotilde her fan and presented it to the prima doaa*« Tina annexation was considered rather a delio*^The amount involved waa:: www.fultonhistory.com 