 INTERST A TETRADE.Connecticut men that there were blast republicans them who had iurnwhed pikes and oUier w<*poo«taliate lcanoaythat the determen ofvefnrn.iogR*satchhats,wtthan>SIM*intttfarsoestoOVants,andatwellsuppliedwith _ republicanshouldsuc-AtonlyBeadstimetoenforce&.ropnnticaM on hand, who did everything m lto*4ro detent the objects o f t h e Convention. Some o fP ° w w theseTh* SkomaJcm tf M<uta€h*ut*M-What They Think ma What The$ Can Do—lhety<Kbqfik* Aatf-«a»—, * - cttement on the Indwtnal IntemU of Sew England—The Bwtm Shoe Exchange—Southern Custmom Go ta theare as well, o r bettor, posted ap oa the current events a s many of the city people. It so happens that the most of the newspapers circulated here, s s well a s in other parte of N e w England, a r e naming abolition o r republican sheets, ana itrequires no small degree of firmness aad mdepandenos for t h e national spirits t o advocate their views. A large circulation ot ouch papers as the N ew York Hxiuuo in this and other places in this region would undoubtedly vastly improve t h e tone o f t h e poltusal sentiment ot t h e people. B u t notwithstanding the draw- backs the national men of this staunch oto town have to encounter, tbey base enough spunk to' fight the blacks with vigor, and the luck to beat them in some ofjneirlocal contests. Ten thousand copies o f the HKK.AU> should be circulated daily among just such people a s t h e fisher- men and shoemakers o( Marblehesd, Gloucester, Rock- port, & c W hy is it that this cannot bo doner It would be worth more for peace than ten thousand soldiers.Would a fugitive slave be carried back to the South from a town like this? or would the stay of a Southerner with b is servants b e permitted witnout disturbance? Letthefollowingiuctdentanswer. Sometimesincea partyofgentlemenk-ltSalem,aboutsixmilesdistant,for i b e p u r p o s e o f a t t e n d i n g a b a l l g i v e n b y t h e G l o v e r Guard. Itwasabouteleveno'clockatnight.Thevehicle was driven by one of the whitest colored men in Salem or adjacentparts. Theyarrived at Marbleheadabout twelveo'clockatmidnight,andsomeofthepartybeing strangersitwasloralarkgivenoutthatamongthe company was a Southerner with a slave atteu daut. Evi-rything was carried out admirably. The co- loredmankeptarespectfuldistance,didnotattemptto mingle or fiaternize with the party as some distinguished c o l o r e d i n d i v i d u a l s m i g h t h a v e d o n e o n s u c h a n o c c a - sion, a n d everything passed off a s it a bona Jide South- erner nad had tne confidence to carry a slave into a town in Massachusetts eo > emote from' federal protection as Marbiehead. Shortly after this our friend bad occasionagain to visit this town, and in conversation with oneof theyoungladiespresent attheball—oneotthebellesof the evening—asked her if she knew that the person repre- sented to be a bondman was not so—tnat the whole thing was a hoax. "To be sure 1did," she replied with ener gy,"oryouwould nothavegotoutofthatballroom alive.'' Ourfriend sajswhen bedanceswiththatMar- blehesd lady again h e will see that no colored puseuns are around.OUB 8TECIAL BOSTON CORRESPONDENCE. BOSTON, Jan. 17,1860.merctal ssaaojssaaamss is oaee wtashHshos, it will bo dtsV cult to change it. Expenses will be incurred in the pre cess which mast be refunded from tbe enterprises; a a d aUtba.tofctourse.willbe lost to tbe NorthSeveral unimportant resolutions were proposed, which led to considerable discussion, and as much time was being frittered away,Mr . S A S T S X A r s r m , o f S u f f l e l d , w h o s t o o d o n t h e p l a t * form beside the Chairman, addressed t h e meeting In 4 rather excited mood. H e said b e perceived that there were too sides to the convention. If some persons thoughtrepresenting the city of Philadelphia, second only bo New prepare to make their purchases. First, tbeyt~ITL» Iftct U fa PoUUnl Criite to the Com- bad sold goods to the ».->utb, and be' cauld say th*i douth- party »nd fanatic rage, and of their direful and toaviarahloeoa- sequraea*. w e saptore oar e->ti«tr»inen to fntbtw tsoweeea-strengthen the beads o f the new administration with a lldue loyalty. It iaahwmy Impression, but I may be mis-taken, thtt tbe people of that Stole would be disposed tores*, by force of arms, the attempt of any state or Statesto wifkdrasr from the Uatoa to the event of the electionof a rrpubttenn President. The public mind is deeply agi-tatedupon the question, and 1think 1 have net ousukeo. North mast irroratiooae its who* represent* v* systemin Connecticut.fort*tol«VTwrkHrraUl •Urtlntmi, tfses, AMf-the whole country and nothing but the country. . _ if;with one g. If the TJnioa should ever be in "The following are the names of those amnrfactorars independence with bat mother's milk, aad bo also laborsstota frtoMiy ouaaiBercuti tatercoerso It ia sepiwisisy TBE REPUBLICAN MEMBERS AND THEIR the duty of your leading commercial mea to apply thoav Brtves to this task, for they are the test to beaaVctedbyTHE MANUFACTURBBS' CONVENTION IN knew their rights, and knowing, dared muniam thornOOBNBCTICOT.I h e Manunttotarsra' Union Convention snaewnced inyesterday s Homatn to be hold ta the Town Hall «f atari daa, Coauecticat, was opened at a utue after lea o'clock yesterday inonun«. The Toem Hail ta the largest puOUc kmlUtng la U » vlllage^f Menden, vary much, In outeard s a d inward appearance-, and »n general dimeaateaa, like PlymMtih Church, Brooklyn. A l t h e beginning o f t h e meeting the attendance was not vary large, about 110 gratlmmra being present; bat the aamhers of menuaeturers a n d others gmdnaily laeraanad after the pro- ceeding! had begun. There- was a rather strong force Of(Renewed apj-lauae ) Therefore, ho hopei—like their worthy and noble fathers—he hoped they woaid a r t like men. Let them do justice not only to Ufa South, but to tin. East and West, as they expected justicefrom these great divwinns o f t h e republic. T o do this the true way was to make proper goods sad to improve the mode of their, raanu'acture. Give to the South in every oase what is known as "value received " Connecticut never had aud never will bavo soy idea of making war against tha South (Applause) Justice is ail that should o e demanded on either side, and tha Connecticut is always prepared to give to her South- ern brethren. Acting o a these principles, they could carry out the designs o f t h e constitution, which gives t o every man the right of enjoying liberty a n d t h e pursuit of happiness (Groat cheering.)Mr. Aaman wanted something more than words. Aajr- body could say tbat John Brown's act was right, and that the man who stole Colonel Washington'* pistol, after enjoying his hwpittiity, waa right He wanted to see •erne kind of action takea that would satisfy all classes in the countryAfter some desultory conversation from other gentle men, s motion to adjourn to tw o o'clock was made a n dthe fact oi the subscripttsa bat bearing the same aaaw M the gentleman atladed to. 1 meatioa this to show h >w cautious Northers merchants havwg targe batiaasi secuoas with the Sooth should b e about nientifyuagit b y dozens of non sisveholdlng States as improper and un- they bad come there to heave off their slang against re- just, and that we deprecate any endorsement of such ungene- spectable men of the Suae of Connecticut, they would rous and revolting sentiments as these, sad many others con-to make anything out of such capital a s that. If there were Union men there tbat d a y , let them come op to the scratch. (Applause.) Wearereadyforyon,ssJdhe. But this » n o t the way to treat u s in endeavoring to lengthen out the forms of organization to no purpose. W e republicans are ready to meet you wherever you please.support of politicians who endorse them.Resolved, That we cheerfully concede to each and everyState o f the Union sll t h e rights, privileges and immunities guaranteed by the constitution and reserved to the States and the people, ano&wepledge our support to all proper measures cairnlated to sustain those rights ut impaired.ers Reducing their Prices, and Champagning and Canvass Backing Southern traders—The Hardy Fishermen of the District qf Svxmpscott and Lynn—They Are "Down On'' Disunion—The Democrats—How. John B. Alley—Hon.of the People—Stringent Laws Relative to Slaves—Sym- pathy for Broun—Negroes of Indian Descent Allowed toand fortify it with figures equally convincing, but enoughhas already been shown to prove to the public tbat theThis resolution led to great difficulty, and even finally (Applause a n d loud hawing.) W e understand it. W e resulted in the breaking up o f t h e meeting—that part ofBogus Sympathy qf the Republicans—: Democratic State their duties as representatives, when they uphold a man chants: on the contrary, he thinks it thus far ex- Otho R. Singleton, qf Mississippi—Stetson, of the As Convention—Douglas the Choice qf the Democrats—Seward that is identified with the doctrines put forth by Helper in ceeds slightly that of the preceding year. Neitherknow it,and the workmen know it. There is no use In trying to swell out this Convention- I say it won't do. I am a manufacturer, and have been so since I waa eight years of age. (A gentleman here suggested that the speaker was only a manufacturer of segars.) A s such I am resolved tovote, and I:think myworkmen will doso too. But I do not like to see men playing off over us, be- cause w h y I understand it and so do they. (Laughter).A gentleman here observed that he had heard that this waa to be a kind of second class meeting, but since the speakerhadrelievedhimselfofhisthoughts,hohadcome to the conclusion that B was to b e a first class meeting.the Convention i n favor o f t h e resolution leaving the room, on motion of Mr. JACKSON, while those who were opposed remained.Mr. BaacuCK did not think they should either endorse or condemn any man's opinions.Mr. DOBSOKsaid that Helper's book being a treasonable manual he thought it was afitsubject for the Convention to consider .Mr. LKWTS here made several attempts to speak, but couldnotgetabearing. Atlengthbeleft ina rage,de- claring the whole affair to b e a n abolition movement, worthy ot ail condemnation. •tor, de., stcA note or two from the headquarters of the shoe trade may not be unacceptable. The regular season for the opening of the trade with the South haa not yet fairly s e t In. Itsometimesbeginsaboutthistimeof theyear,and continues through February, March, April, and into May. It is at its height about the middle of April, at which time the Southern traders generally are here In goodly num- bers,iftheycomeatall. Formerlythemerchantswould visit the manufactories in places like this, and select their own goods from first hands; but the establishment of large wholesale concerns, at immense cost, in Boston, aud, since the estrangement of feeling between the Northhis infamous book of misrepresentations of Southern insti- does he anticipate that there will be any decrease. the Choice qfthe Republicans—Determination qf the Peo- tutions a n d erroneous statistics. T b e manufacturers ofi Laughter.) There were many manufacturers, aa far as The separatists proceeded down stairs in large numbers,voutly in Seward and the "Irrepressible conflict," andswear by Seward and Greeley. Up to 1854 Michigan wasconsidered one o f t h e most reliable democratic States i nthe Union, but to that year a bargain was struck,bywhich a few leading whlgs, ambitious of political distinctionand greedy for the spoils of office, were enabled to sell allthat remained of the old whig party to the abolitionists. T h eWilmot proviso and the repeal of the Missouri compro-mise created a breach in t h e democratic ranks, whichthe new party were not slow to turning to a profitable ac-count, and by a careful selection of candidates from eachparty, they were enabled to elect their entire ticket, withKinsley 8 . Bingham a t the head, by a handsome majority.In 1866, having been charged with mismanagement of theState'saffairs,GovernorBinghamand hiscolleaguesdesired—naturally enough, perhaps—to be endorsed by thepeople; and being again placed in nomination, were diately follow their example If tbey are as true to the willwe do not want black repu•lfheanism. (Hisses.) We want a murderer, whs had met the just reward of his crimes!does not fairly begin until the 20th or 25th instant, will be any the less heavy this winter than it was last. BethinksthattheelectionofaSpeakerin the House of Bepreaentatives, especially if the suc- cessful candidate were Mr. Sherman, would ease tbe money market and enliven trade. His agents, who have been and are travelling in all parts of the South, have, without a single exception, always been treated courteously. They are instructed, n e says,toImind their ownbusiness andletpolitiest*wn«sa)B e(Great apphvise.) He concluded a long speech in defence of Union amid great applause.The following resolutions ware unanimously adapted, a s the expression o f the feeling o f the Convention:—the harmony and fraternal sstschssaal heretofore, !^«*^£***»50n»«iaaloshasbeenhaotliiplal, and_disturbed, bya rmllssi spiritof fanaticism,losdlnitoactaofviolence 1blood;audwhereaslost oo requires that the friends and supporters should every where be dhertmiiiated from the enemies and assaila_n_t o f t h smanufacturers of the State bled, hsreoy pubaely de- i St the following reaola-istplicit obedience to the constitution to be the nerassouart duty oflaw" applied praoticaiiy absurd5JJ 1 <*j*tod by^the oonsdtntioa and the laws to uw namHeatedIt would be idle to deny tbat the men who voted for this law would give their sympathy to John Brown and bis fol-**_*»pBontho rights of the l -~»x-.-JJCz_rtahtarmtolightfor ifthereendeavored to liberate theslavesof Virginia,but theirsympathyforthemanandthecauseinwhichbewss cannot result within tbat period! There areap- engaged,togetherwith their indifferent condemnationof pliancesandpreliminariesnecessarytoestablishthatcom-tarredandfeathered,and senthomebecausethey didnotpursueasimilarcourse.Mr.Boweniscon- fidentthattheSouthernmerchants),who,whatever their political sentiments may be, com* to titwrights of all the -——HrVWeaSf«r =»""* •eamsesM thhOooveatian for which they to see every free righ;John Browns whocould be caught trespassingonVir-ginia'stoil,orthesoilofanyotherState. Theyaremostly hardy old democrats,and their influence isenbanced on account o f having such a worthy neighbor s sMr. Charles Stetson, of your Astor House, among them.Buttheydon'tliketohearsomashtalkabout"Ih% BythelawsofthatState,negroesofIndiandescentare shedoesnotnowpossess. Somecommercialintercourse York,BostonandPhiladelphiatobaygoodson onion,"fromsayquarter.Theysaytheymay"ripallowedtovote.Itisnecessary,however,forthevoter mustmeatwhileinevitablyexist;butwhetheritwillbe thebesttermsthattheycanobtain,willpurchasedemioracy. ta any that the Soita hadThere Is scarcely a respectable man, from Lynn toSwampscott, inside or outside the walls of both metropokses, but who goes in to sustain the Union a t all hazards.A very formidable squadron o f feluccas could h e liltedout from the Bwampscott fish tooass for the defence of low traitors.Virginia, and ber oyster beds particularly. Tho Swamp It is true that a large majority of tho republicans ofscottfishermenwouldevenlendabandtohangallthe MichiganprofesstocondemnthemannerinwhichBrown alienationof patronageontbepartoftheSouth regardedssSoutherninprinciplehavebeensg ia ifnT saaskat,'assi S £tU satdosibydaythatthey rb««8^h^boM!hoflBgSodi!»eramea, L This was net aa The eeeer.ien•tiflke r/aaaa" Hotel-AmericanJack Tars^ 1SZTuTZZS'^toJ"pel U»m«°•«*"""ahh^nTtforder, andalthough thelawmakersoftheStats wouldthere is 8w* a lue ash as a "nstwnar' republican. In forcibly wrest a negro from bis master, they would leave . ^_ republican. InCrisis of ihe Smith, by Hinton Rowan Helper, page 78, die fol- lowing unjustifiable avowal:—" No patronage to pro-slavery merchants; no guWships to state-waiting hotels; no fees to pro-slavery lawyers; n o employment o f pro slavery physi- cians; no audience to pro-slavery parsons."of a great many people hereabouts.make their selections in domestic goods and afterwards examine the imported stocks. After tbe 20th of January the regular Southern trade fairly f-ets in, and during February the merchant** from tbe South, of every degree, from the heavy dealers doing bueiness in large cities to the retail venders of the smaller towns, Tillages and cross-NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1860.-TRIPLE SHBBT.,means or batard*at such gratuitous Interfereace.Brown. Thm was not true li there wore such 9 1bat while the voice*of eminent men »bo nave berepv peopletheydidnotformanypartofthetruestockof aawguaaedis*eoraetlsef<a*republictnsafety.tveoseJaW the good men of Connecticut. (Applause ) B>, for o n e , and honor, are erar* where lifted up in solemn ceuunciatan ofnewspaper, and oae hotel, kept by aysittoman named Benj. Pierce, a relative of ex President Pierce. His hotel a called "The Union," and is the resort oftheprtnclpslow»dao>a<a,whotheredhKusStheg>esipof the day. The population, as a class, is above the ordina- ry ran for Inlelllgean* aad devotion to the Union. sjsspa of the best setters who fought aad cen- quered la the American squadrons hailed from Marbie-forcVtoward or sayceed to the great strugitofor the Prealdency, now so aear " I have beard it asked whether tbe old fdeadly < at hand,the people oTMVcaijran would, ss to ttinea past. rial relations of the two sections would again oe i acknowledgethoaoajeetiroftbepopularwill,and IboHseettsnesWiiftodoso. Batator<ern menwere food eusteoMte, hat they always got eua,raihtrthanthoseofwildtheorists,whosejudgmentinpub-foeltogf * *wars manufacturers, but many others were not.The meeting was called lo order by Charles E. Atwater,•/Derby.Charles A . Converse w a s nominated temporary chair ,man, but on the question being pat to the vote, it was negatived b y a amall majority, the principal opponents being republicans. /ivaee w a s then nominated, a n d onaalmooalyJames I> Frary, of ateriien, manufacturer, waa appointed temporary secretary.A motionnomination of permanent officers led to an interesting and datulwry debate.Mr. LEWIS,ofNewHaven,tookthefundamentalposi- tion that n o man who was not a manufacturer should b e e n t i t l e d t o v o t e i n a c o n v e n t i o n w h i c h w a s e s s e n t i a l l y o n e of manufacturers.ThisledtosomecontentionandagooIdealoftalk,whichresultedinnothing.Mr LASDSXJ*,ofNewBritain,supportedtheideathatnoman hadanyrighttoexercisetheprivilegeofvoting unlesshecouldshowthathe:wisamanufacturer. There was one gentleman pre*, nx who had voted, and when tea vote t u called Into qnesuoS. on the ground that he w i s n o t a m a u u f a c i u r s r , h e a l l e g e d t h a t h i s w i l e h a d b e e n d e - livered "f a child a few daja ago, and on that ground he laid claw to being recojrWae* as a manufactxrer (Ixoud laughter ) Now,"this was a« very well in its way, hat h e did not think that it was s logHimat* argument.A tinvruuiAN—You mean to say that the child was not legitimate (Renewed laughter )Eventually a committee »r the appointment of per- manent ofoosra waa nominated b y the Chair, aa follows:—Nelsoi Kmgsbury, of 11 trtloril. f«.Babcnck.ofNewHaves.H O lew*,ofNew flareo James Stanley, of New Britain. Ja*. H . Aabmead. o f Hartford. Samuel Austin, of Suffleld,to the operation"of parliamentary rules, and the proper factiotnets, law breaker* and enemies ot our country and its their goods of the most rabid of the crowd, because they and ihvrtyeight Thousand Dollars in Coin Drawn Out of peace and honor, we will anawrr, tn the language of the greatmode of organising public conventions. In the cours* Webster—"Laberty and Union, now sad forerer—one and in- obtainedthem at a few per cent cheaper than they conId Boston Banks in One Day—Squirming qf the Ban'::, dkc.Hampshire is shout equally divided between manufac-tures and agriculture; nearly the whole o f the latter pro-ducts, however, are consumed within her own borders.Massachusetts, Connecticut and Rhode Island employ one-fourth of the whole manufacturing capital of the country,and may be justly styled the workshops of the Union.The State of Massachusetts is now engaged in the manu-facture of cotton goods to the extent of $28,000,000 perannum, employing 37,000 hands, two-thirds of whom areit males; in woollen goods, S20,UGt>,000, employing 28,000opeiatiyes; in boots and sboee, $-4,tCo ooo, furnishing ttona. It must b e presumed, there lore, that her chief citywould take the initiative m s a y policy designed to avenge the insult offered to ber sovereignty. As the actija o f the Legithtture oa tbe commercial interests of the State are developed, I will have additional data upon which to fouadL E . elected.AJrTONOON SESSION.The Convention m ot, pursuant to adjournment, at twoo'clock.The Committee o n Resolutions then reported t h e fol-lowing:—Whereas, the Independence of the United States waajron b ythe mutual effort*, blood and treasure o f all the cofftflee, a n d the conginn'.tpii waa established through the mutual concessions of vaiions inures'* and section*of oar country; and whereas the national gorerumeot rests upon the public senUsteat, tne pau-'dts-m and the common interests or all tne people—Bcwolved,Thatweappealtithehonorandgoodfaithofour hretaren North and t-otitn, Kast and West, tn sustain the eon- a t i i m i e n * ! e n m n a e t o f o u r f a t h e r * i n t h e s p i r i t I n w h i c h i t w n a adopted,andtohownuponeveryattempttosustainthepecu-liar views of any tectum bv fore* or intimidation. Kesolved.lh»iweoouOeinnUtespiritwhichimpelledasovereigt>MH'JSofliraUnioninlttiitothreatencivilwartorno greaterenevmcethanItsoppositiontoalawofCongress establishingunit'dutiesuponhnpoHa—tothespiritwhich threaten(baim-lnnifthisirthaScandldateforPresidept.or this or that candidate for £peekfl|be elected by the constitu- tionalmajoritytotfeereapeuu-eonicesnanaad.Reeolvtd. Thai » e wholly condemn ihe spirit whieti drove Jndge H(wr, the legal a^eut of the sovereign State of Maasa- c b u s * i : » f r o m i k e c r v o f C h a r ' e a t o n — t h e s p i r i t w h i c h s t r u c k dovni'bas Sumner for wen's spoken to deflate—die spirit which overran Kauaaa wtab tire and sword, and which, at a recent pertrn! caused an invasion of the sovereign stale of Vlr ginia by a body of armed men—whlsh invasion w e most em - nhaiira'ly condemn.Reselved. That we disaoirovs and condemn tie spirit of msrepreaeotation and falsehood on a part of a portK.n of the pubue preas, which represent any considerable number of the peopleofIMfreeStatesasabolitionists,or aa in the slightest degree dlapneed lo in-erfere with any i f the instituUoos of our sister Mates, which wicked slander* are emphatically rebuked bythefatherofhi*country,tnhisfarewelladdress,lathese words:—"t>»eoftheexpedientsofpartyloacquire Influence with particular district* a to miarepresent the opinions and view* o f other diairieia Y ou cannot shield yourselvestoo naucn against the jealousies and heart burnings which spring from mete mlsrepresa*itatfa«is "employment for 66,000 persons; in fisheries, $'.20,000,000,employing *2t,0Q0men and boys, and in other articlestothe txtjtni of $130,1)00,000, employing 100,000 bands.Ihese branches of industry employ $126,000,000 of capi- a more e-xtbuoee! opinion. Ail 1 here furnish you 1 feelfor theappointmento f acommitteefor th<sJ Brown, of Windsor Works.A committee on resolution* waa also appointed.Resolved, That we renew our proleaaion* of fidelity to the Union and to the constitution, that we will deiend both againstslave at a better dinner than any laborer ia New England will ei joy re day. H e wears, moreover, a better suit o f clothesthanyourcorrespondent,andcertainlymoretrin- kets. Tosaytbatbeishappierthan1am,istosaywhat- ever one acquainted with our relative responsibilities aad cases would reaoily admit. 1have to pay board—be has not; I bsve doctors' bills to pay—be t o t a cent; I have very frequently to do mental labor, and Eit up writing with ailof this tedious ana truly painful debate, a few national separable."from the sound national men. In brief, so far as this Official, returns by the banks in the Clearing House of town la concerned, it may be stated as s fact that Southand yielding about sixty-three per cent of the annual pro-ducts, which include those of mines as well of manufac-tures. These vital interests to the North represent, inround numbers, in tbe localities detailed above, capital to with equal force to two thirds of both rases I never hare the extent of $400,000,000, furnhhmg employment totiieas were- let off like squib*, and gentlemen expressed their great devotion to the Union, and especially to the South But the whole discussion waa an insipid and senseless affair.The Committee on the Appointment of Permanent Offi- cer* reported the following names, which were adopted —Resolved, Tbat proscription for opinion's sake should find nofavor inour Confederacy of States, formed for mutual be nehts and the general welfare of the people, and that frater- nal good will should take the place of any unfriendly feelmg that m ay hare existed between the people of the various States.e m support h a s afforded vigor to dying abolition con- cerns, and the want of it compelled men of national ideas to go b y the board.theamountofcoinheld bythem this day (January17) show an aggregate loss of 8238,300 within the last twenty-760,000 persons, tbe products of which amount annually to S776,0OO,0OO, and are represented in Congress b y forty members, thirty-two of whom are black republicans, five democrats, two anti Lecompton democrats, and one Ame-seen an unhappy slave, if I would except oae whose sweet heart reluseu io marry bim because she loved another better. Tbe article in tbe UOXEULDto which I reier Is, ac- cord; g to m y experience^—and I have some—ss true s s Gospel, every word and sentimentglngulsrDevelnpementoftheCommetere- m<nlof*GreatCommercial Revultloa CausedbytheAbolitionFoisyUpontoe S o u t h .manufactures than ne did about the organnation of a to every question, and the true maxim is to hear*both meeting Hewould therefore depend on the considera- sides. Hewas willing to concede that there was sometionofthemeetinginhisendeavorstodischargehis truthintheexistenceoftheseabuses,butstillhewould duty warnmenagainstbelieving everything thattheybeard.Considerable discussion took place aa to the propriety of Be objected to the system of representation in Congress,measures, and it would be exceedingly strange if their minds do not form a bias therefromThepeople here,orratherthatclasstowhomIhave beenreferring—andtheycomposealargemajorityofthe voters in this as well as"the adjoining towns—are in favor of Seward for President, although thay would g o for Banks with a Till if nominated. They do not appear to have any idea of a party outside of the republican. They may, however, be awakened to a lively sense of sotBe- hody else after the Charleston and Chicago ConvectionsOn the other ^ide w e hear much talk o r Franklin Pierce as the democratic nominee. Representative men—those, for instance, who attended the Ciacinuati Convention a s delegates from this district—are decidedly in h is favor.South—in response to the drafts usually drawn on the tricts. If tbe boot anu shoe interest alone to Massachu-permitting gentlemen who did not. agree with the objects of the Convention, to erase their names from the record. Nearly aa hour was consumed in the debate on this ques- tion, resulting ultimately in the proposition being rejected.A motion was then made which, after some debate, was adopted, tbat there should b e a general registration of the names of mesrbers.The follow ng gentlemen were appointed a Committee on Resolutions:—Messrs. Hancock, Owen,Kellogg, Brown,which gives an undue advantage t o South Carolina in r e - presentation over Connecticut, because that w a s a princi- ple that takes away the rights of freemen. He thought that the true way to tecure the respect of the South would be by beginning to learn to respect themselves. The gen- tleman concluded b y expressions of warm devotion to tire constitutionConsiderable confusion soon after this ensued, on t h e proposition o f a resolution s s follows :—or Daniel W . Guochv These m e n knowwell there have been within the past fdfcr months usage of Southern dry goods mer-haots st this over tw o hundred failures among mag&fscturers season of the vear, in their transactions with the in this trade in their several districts; and rather than g owith the Sontii, who are the best customers of their con-stituents, b y voting for some other man than Sherman,tbey would break double the number; and yet this is buta single interest. T b e same view o f t h e matter holdsgood in regard to four ot the five republican memberscarried. hour .At oae o'clock the Convention adjourned for oneof John Brown were enunciated, and after the adjourn-The whole morning was fasted in a war of words as all traitors, from whatsoever quarter they come; and to all ment it was ascertained that Southern customers bought The South Sending Their Drafts North—Over Two Hunlredrend it b> the first mall to tbe IIBKALD, and for this he bas no collateral labor. In abort, so far as physical com- fort is concerned, I know o f n o respect in which h e has not the advantage o f m e . A n d this comparison appliesInthistowntherearehundredsof menwho havenot lately voted. They compose a respectable portion of the of the Soutb, or of any other States. No man had any one hundred thousand voters ef Massachusetts who havefour hours.of specie in vault in one day that ofer banks have expe- rican. Already we see unmistakable indications of a se-Mr. BAROOCK condemned all interference in the affairsrious disturbance to this trade, which, if cut off even tothe extent of five per cent, is sufficient to cause immeasu- to Virginia, win not address tne Legislature here beforePres*dent—A. C. Crosby.Vice Prmdmts—Cha*. A- Convarse, Chas. Parker,E. more right to Intrude bis interference on any of the pri- not been at the polls for two or three years. They are or but a little more than the fifteen per cent which the lawrable da-trees throughout every manufacturing district; and yet tbc«e thirty two members, whose constituents are now trembling with anxiety at the prospects of a loss of Southernpatronagefortheirproducts,aredefiantlypre- ventinganorganizationoftheHousebyclingingtotbeMr. Memminger, the Commissioner from South Carolina Thursday next, the 19th tostResolved, That the Institution of slavery bains; a right re- The Headquarters qf the Shoe Trade of New England—served to the sovereign States, we deem anv interference withSouthern Order* Not Yet Coming in—Will IKty.'—The Large\ Wholesale Concerns in Bottm and New fork,find themselves greatly mistaken. They were not going tained in Helper *volume; and we do not countenancetoe ana HornIhey Affect the Trade—Black Repuiitcan Deal- cenxpton Question and the Dred Scott Decision—Feelinggoods and return with them in time for their own spring trade, which commences in March. Mr. Stewart eayn there h a s been n o fallinghe had heard, who had resolved on having no connectionwith the movement, and h o b a d been told in the villagethat the head of a comb manufacturing house had deel tredthat if the Southern consumers do not wish to buy his Rich. & Pratt, Jan. Puaderford, Geo. M. Saunders, C'.w. and the South, the formation of heavy branch concerns incombs they may g o lousy (Laughter.)Mr. ;>:wts. of New Haven, very warmly condemned thegentleman w h o h a d first introduce 1 political parties into the proceedings. He thought Mr. Austin was very much to b« blamed.A VOKW—He is a hunfbug. (Laughter.)Mr. Laws—I am sorry to say that it Is my firm convic- tion that this Convention h a s been organized for party political purposes. (Hissesand applause.) I have never belonged tobutoneparty inmylife,and'that,thang God. was the old whig party. I have nothing to do wits either of the.parties now in existence; I like neither ef them. I come hero as a cotixen of the United States—as a manufacturer to express the ophsIons of a free man, (Applause.) In the present state of excitement NorthParker, Jas. S. Aahmead.D. C, Wilcox, Arthur Jackson, F. B . Andrews, Mat C. Baiuwin, K. P . Whitney, & c , & a The Secretaries were Messrs. Frary, Gilbert and others.Mr. Lawis contended that although h e d id not agree with the ultra views ot some Southern men, yet be want- ed to see true-hearted men firm in their devotion to the Union. He wanted no abolitionism. H e desired t o s e e the South protected in ovary sense of the word.The meeting then proceeded to regular organization.Mr Caiaot.v, of Bridgeport, w a s elected permanent Chairman b y acclamation, and o n assuming the position said h e was sorry some more competent gentleman h a d not been appointed t o take his place, but promised to do all he couiu tor the benefit of the movement.the city o f New Y ork, and also since the establishment ef a shoe exchange in the city of Boston, where samples of mam- moth stocks are always ready for cxaminition b y the customer from abroad, this system has very generally been discontinued, and now alt tne trade it centred in the large cities.It is somewhat difficult a s yet, therefore, to determine to what extent the shoe interest of Massachusetts will be made t o sutler b y the exasperated feeling now existing in consequence of the John Brown "work." The muttorings of tfce thunder are, however , heard in the distance. T h e b'ack republicans in the trade here are purposely reduc- ing their prices, with t h e view to encourage Southern support and trade; and when they go lo "town "to at- tend to their sales and see how things are get- ting along, the Southerner is not only made to feel sensi- bly the fact that h e can make a better bargain with t h e liack republicans than with anybody else, but also that, when socially considered and coolly dissected over cham- pagne and canvass backs, some o f these republicans a r e not such bad fellows alter all. Tins i s and has been t h e policy o f the republicans for some time past, not only a s regardB the shoo trade—and we in Lynn don't know abuut "anything else' —but in other branches o f the Now England industrial interests.You are aware tbat this district is represented in Con- gress by Hon. John B. Alley, who is more of a moderado thananextremist. Heisapluckyfellow,althoughalight weight, and will stand up for the rights of the North at every sacrifice. Ho could have been defeated h a d t h e rival factions in the democratic ranks come together at the last election; and if the Hon. Otho R. Singleton, of Missis- sippi, desires to know why it is that "there are but twenty-sixNortherndemocratsontho flooroftheHouse at this time, when two years ago there were fifty-three," he can readily solve the problem b y imputing the toss to the internal dissensions of tho democratic party nearly allthrough theNorthern States. Thesame honorable gentleman Is right when he says there a r e "some noble specimens of humanity atthe North who stand by the rights of the South," and it is a pity and a disgrace to the party that there are no more of them.But, seriously, hi the trade of aJSton. New York and Philadelphia t o bo ruined b y these thirty-two members o f the republican party f Do they comprehend the nature aud extent o f the interests of their constituents b y persist- ingtoVotefor Sherman? Aretbey ooignorant oftbe principles of political economy a s to b e unable to decide whether to continue to adhere to tbe ranks of a party that must bring nun upon the manufactures of tbe North, or to conciliate tbe embittered sectional feeling which has gamed such strength a s t o destroy t h e harmony a n d threaten the peace o f i h e Union r T h e Southern m e m here, in battling for principle, may be compelled to with- drawifShermaniselected,ratherthantositunder such an organization of the House, aad if they do there arethirty-two members on the other side who should imme-Mr. VAII, ofHartford, proposedthateach manufacturer, and dooth it is, doubtless, a trying tima. I wish to see as his name be called, abouid give a statement of thea fair expression of public opinion in regard to this ex- citement. I wish our Southern brethren to know that w e have • kindly feeling for ahem; that oar sympathies are with them in all that they have bee*} called upon to en- dure . that we have a friendly sod a brotherly feeUog for them, and that there is n o outrage whi:b may be com- mitted against them bat wtil b o speedily aemtnuuml b y as. (Great applause.) I any that this haa n->*. beta <i,;,-».. but that an attempt has been made lo tarn Cl« :,u> -. ? rSb:'«an Convention. (Hisses.) The gentiemaH ewatafu. d ' a abort while msimaisstg b is assnitwni »u uw midst of applause and names.Mr. H. P . AXBLSS, of Bridgeport, wkhe! to know whether the gentleman o a the platform, who tatroxoced slrussoa to repubhcanntm, and been oae of the signers of ta* call for the mooting.the gesstsasssa deeased giving nay saswer.ft be was a member of sto the calling of thisCos- giaace betookatthecase a party Convention. Wtten h e flrst ioa the platform who spots thatopinion;andwhensat (Mr. A.) felt tnat ho bad net Be came there a s a national He waa fas tnkfag a fair sad honorable course. Hadidnot wa* to sea any party distinctions. Godknowsnumber of artisans or workmen ut their employ, but the suggestion fell throughA resolution was odered b y Mr. Jackson, condemning thei: • •_ionvestioiiasauinsult totheSouthandan abo!.i-->.. .ucern.H •• .nan, of Soothington, denied vehemently that the Lr . ' b.\Btiun was composed of aholitioniats.\Ws»— if a'.'soaIt*a -:*hatthegentlemenwasnotamember of L'» t.;..; . . . ; JWsitting.Mr..- a. .ia.,u ..o would arrange that in a minute, nnd immeuiauiiy added his name to the list, which qualified himasa member. He then proceeded to addressthe Convsnuon. showing that if Wendell Phillips and a few of h a stamp were tarred and feathered, it would d o more good than all the Union meetings. (Applause.)Mr. JAataos>aid h o had come to the meeting with t h e idea that it was s Union meeting, bat be had found that it wssadisunionmeeting. Itwasreallyaremarkablefact, tbat in the State where the first voice of freedom w a s heard,wheretheflrstgaaforfreedomwasfired,that there should b o a necessity for calling Union meetings. The time ofeveryconservative manintheUnionhad come, when h o must stand u p and show his principles. Ihe ballot box is the only place to prove the truthof mens feelings. The South will believe nothing else. The ringing o f bells on the occasion of the death o f a felon andIn the excitement attending the general election in tha year, re-elected b y an overwhelming majority.and interests of their constituents as are the Southern members. But w e know these men d o n o t represent the views and personal Interests o f a large majority o f theirand formed a meeting In the lower part of the town hall, Mr. Converse being appointed temporary Chairman.members from the manufacturing districts to digest a n d reflect upon while the contest is going on.The Vice Presidents were Messrs. Hitchkoss, H. Russell,SaaeasakskSSlZtVaslBsereteo. todlralnaUv coerc*acl? •por's or party1 Tliai w« [iidly* 'isioilie* lo L fc'4BJ3'.tfcw«&£•/.'jo:rhai^SnTaaTstripes.of such a creature, they affiliate withthie him to starve, unless perchance becould steal sufficient the glorious stars aad to meet the wants of b<s nature. Sooaily and morally, therefore,theconditionofthenegroisactimproved by„ ^ _ _ _acetf GtW,efc.,dte.ThetonnageofMarblehesdenraged inthe fisheries IsextiWafoervsralonofthsiiMliliirf anything to do with it, the sales of mer- Luon, mutually dependent a s they should b e in theirso* which, fergeUag Its own stowteoednss. «*wun»sath* tssk was $17,0*8 ««. The town numbersoerritl bbrnfc if tie MOIIILThe Manufacturers' Convention Mr. CLSVSLWD—Thank ion,air;I spell the word TMil*tou\ose«audid.iesal«oewhowillafadLbytooeossaW.-. ^Znd EverysouofMarbtohead imbibes patriotismaud thesentimeasofthepeople. beforeaeaahopetoeeeethatecoothoraoeatimeataadrevalue for the money they paid. T h e speaker here (luntod thewordaofM*.Peyton—a manwhom,hesaid,owned upward* 300 negroes.he «r nrtvsMi affaire merits sowsor t*ea**eanect nor osefldsaes.—2 ,..~_..i.„„i . | l h tk« malntenai.ee o f BBS ineoosisent wfthi the mahitenai.eeA Voics—Nisi;*'ratofpaHyalletiai.ee give, our. < "*"* — — rotrcntbg principles, and to v-- —,;.—-—T-^Tia- « » • »MiiaatforthafuturewaarerewdvsdtorepadiauiailMeaNot there Dntoa meeting* s o long as such mea a s Seer man, and otheis of lib* stamp, are sent to Congress T h edanger—which God forhtd—then would be the who took part In the organmainn of the trst o00*TM*TM"- to tore and to entertain a regard for all womankind, time to show hew the men of that state could march for-ward in its deteiwe. H e was a repuPiwaa out of the oseet- of which A . C Crosby w a s chairmen, b u t w a s suuse- from the early and agreeable associations connected w i uMANUFACTURING CONSTITUENTS. TOTBSBIUTOBOPTUBHB&ALD.itg, buthedidnotwmh tospeakonsuchao,!SH»KWex cept at h a lenwre He wuhed to see the m*-n of these great Rates nniUog Ormly together under wsSag tha' triumphedatBunkerHili-adagthathasainoe:thattime to the present b*ea every wner« respecwd—dm 0*g under wbwh o«r seble thahers roagbl and aied -becaaiie they were determined to maintain the right which belonged to them of being free tsen, created in the image of <*oJ (loud at'plaune); because, indeed, they were m e n whi>sjnentlywithdrewiromtheoonaection:— Arthur Jackson, Mtddtoton.James H. asbawad. Hartford. HEntissru,NowBritain.D. C. Wilcox, Menden,W. I. Vail, Hartiord.Ed. Miller, Morioen,Reuben Barnes, Southtngton OUver B.North, New Briianv R. A.Coe, WaterburvAner. toadtey, Jr ., Waterbory.R Sixer .H E. Robblns, HartfordJL P. Whitney, Phoenix Carriage Oompany. aaaUbrd. V.8.Haiknbeck,NewHaven.femalesocietyhihisiron-boundhomo. Thewomenof this place are a feature in ite history and existence They mouldtheyouthandformhimfordeedsofmanhood. There i s . therefore, n o milk-and water about a Marbte- bead boy'whogoes abroad upon the world o f water , or the wo^drf continent to earn a livelihood. A t o w « « o a the Grand Banks, in his frail baric, be to the makingof the beau »d«ti o f an American tar o n board a maa-of-wer; a landsman, his honesty U above question, hi* industry unsurpassed s a d ton pstriotism uiiqueattoaed a n d o n - impeachable.Of late years the fishing interest has not been so suc- cessful to Marblehesd a s rormeriy T h e consequence i s , some o f the young m e n adopt other professions Some take t o farming, but t h o most o f them select that occu-,thepartoftheNorth, Aaalproofho*tbeyarelam he would never agam deal with mm if h e (the mer- chant) did net discontinue patrnalimg a certain N ew York firm, a member of which be bad eeea atgeed to tee hat a t SBbsnnbsrs t o Helper's hook, pwbsmed ta t h a HBBAU>. the •reason* to taps «ty I — . itwury arrets ta the Arm to ascertain the truth o f tim charge, and a peelOUBSPECIALL YNN COBBK3PONDXNCB. I.VNK, Mass., Jan. 16, 1860.York, in t h e extent a n d variety o f her manufactures.Notwithstanding t h e amount a t stake, Messrs. Morris,Verre-e, Miliward and Wood daily oppose the welfare andvital interest o f their constituents b y voting for Sherman.The lion^and manufacturing interest of her sister city,Pittsburg, is represented by a republican, who votes furSherman, when h e must know that his constituents aredependent upon customers from the non manufacturingStates for a portion of her products, which amount annu- road junctions, visit the North, purchase their ally to $30,000,000. W e might continue this enumeration.The obstinate stand taken by the republican membersintheelectionofSpeaker hasledustoQTsmlseIntotheinterests o f some Of tho constituencies represented b fthem, and to show that if new elections were to take placeto-morrow, mea would b e elected tn their places withsentiments to perfect accordance, in regard to every ques-tion involving t h e rights o f the South, with those o f oarSouthern fellow citizens. Take five of the New England tive dental wesgivea It appears the mistasa arose fromA. 0 Smith, MMdtotown.H. M Bidwell, New Haven.James Ives, Mount Camel.John G Dobson, Vernon.The meeting soon after separsted amid tout shouts toranion and fraternity. _ _ _ _ _ MASSAOHUSETra.OtJ* BRB0IAI. ABlMO»OII OOB«*SPON1WKC«.open the bowels of a live cod, and tear out its entrails '' but tbey " don't want the bowels of the Union disturbed— it's like tearing out their own hearts." This may be re- garded, tbengh hotnely m^phrsss, s s t h e actual state o fZfi^fJS^^^^^^^rfP^aMNe engag. ed to u»e ftohmg interest to this quarter. TheMhsuiuosr' cry Is ten, hog to alienate them from the substantial nation.to take a n oath that be has Indian blood in his veins be- fore be can exercise the right of suffrage; bat few. how- ever, hesitate atan oath, and in times or great political excitement, a s to 1856, it is amusing to see the sooty de- scendants of Ham claiming the right of suffrage b y virtue of their Indian blood.Socially, the status ot the ^BOgro is not of the highestof aa extent to avert the commercial disaster which I pre- dict, until tbe period to which I assign i t s occarrence, I cannotofcoursesay. 1cansay,however,upon tbeas- tbonty of one of the leading commercial men of this city, tbat there will b« httle or no dtmianUon to t h e Southern trade this spring Y ou will have probably a s many South- ern merefcsnts in N e w York thai coming spring s s JOB bavo over bad. The goods are not t o b e foundbut b e assured that whatever canoe purchaseBaltimore will be. I refer toBaltimore because itmea teemed here far less conservative, and inanitely mora d e moralized, than New York. While I speak authoritatively of the extent of Southern patronage which New York will receive next spring, I must say upon the same authoritywherever they can obtain the best article for the lowest price, whether those whom they deal with be republicans or democrats, pro-slavery men or abolitioniata. Theclerksofthefirmtravellingin the South have obtained as many orders for goods as usual. The drummers in New York will do more to torn sway custom from firms whose members are antiasasery menthan anysentiments which tho Southern merchant*? will themselves bring wis*WilsonG.Huntk Co.,Mo. 3dParkplace,import- ers of woollen goods, are already seuvig heavy bills of goods t o Southern merchanta. T h o jobbers irom New Orleans, Charleston, Savannah sad tho other large cities on the other side of Mason and Dixon's tine, are buying more largely from them than has been their wont fa times past While our reporter was conversing with Mr. Sullivan, a lead- ing member of the firm, an old customerfromthe South was in the store, and said he should boy "half as many goods again" ss he had Bought theA few*"*"«r^«wata tn regard to these people maynot benniniferreting, if forwarded from tha larger fishing pbvoss, center, Marblebead, h e , ax. * ^ "*""•ovm snctAh MABBLKHEAD COBBBSPONDB9CB. Mtaw ammo, Mats. ,Jao. IT, lode.TheFishing and theShoeMaking Interests—The Smttmtn sfaB Classes About Ditmnku TheLadkn of MarUe-contact with republican sympathy.The Democratic State Convention, for t h e purpose o fe«kgirio, isog ris>IsSmfr^M t n thsa lT*lI• P11SUtfUl reotl wraaa^aLiML Ktaot KAAM called to meet at Detroit oa the Xid proximo, AS Douglasa undoubtedly the first choice of alarge majority of the parly, it is safe to predict s delegation instructed in hattin Town—A tfoax-An Indent—Spunkof a Morofctheir party nomination aa the «««»—tens o r e to sties to theirs, sad doubtless the majority at She membersof both parties, like John Cochrane, would vote for the nomi- nee oftheir party thoegh he werethedevilincarnateopinion that as far as political aftairs hadT*ry large.The amount of bo-intlff paid the Ian seasfmThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069.13?*J& J^« *"* *• " S mZsTm[ chandise to Southern purchasers will be quite ss that violence should be done to nature herself extensive ss they have been in years past.Untitled Documento.a-sA«iStates, for example (leaving oat Vermont), representedby twenty six republicans. Takea a s a body, these State!represent in capital thirty per cent of the aggregate em-ployed to manufActiires In the United States. The Indus- selves with t h o fanatical Northern warfare apea t h owww.fultonhistory.com•. _rights of the South it is unjust, aad even bad they no interest to restrain them in thai warfare, they saodd keep aloof from it became it k aa. Let tho North batpation which b a a untiln o w proved most lucrativetrial population of Maiao are kept employed b y a trade tothe support of which tbe Southern States contributelargely. la this trade ship building is aa haportoat ale- show at their next eHotioai that there is conservatismin nearly nil t h evis: sheemakmgdestined to hare trod tho quarter-deck, has been tost amid wax ends a a d ladies' gaiters o a t h o shoemaker's bench. But here tho natural acutoaoos of the Yankee character Is divulged in conversations apon political andABUKMOW, Mass., Jan. 14, l»6w. other topics. They " take the papers," scan everything,meat When built, tbe vessels are loaded with bay aadsent to t h e Southern ports, a a d are there employed l acarrying ootton and other Southern product* to the mar-kets of the world. Lumber, lime aad the products offisheries are sent into tbe other States for sale. New their futnre prospects If the policy of Soothern earn-Cheapest MarKet—The Next^ieree, aV.stc.Next to Lynn, this town is more largely interested inthe boot and shoe trade than any other town in Now England. It Is above Bralntree, Weymouth, East Bridge- water, North Bridgewater, East Randolph, West Ran- dolph, Haverhill, Hingbam, Qtiincy, Cohassot, Plymouth, Marlboro', Sudbury, East Stoughton, Stoughton Centre and Nstick. There are towns in Maiao and New Hamp-shire also largely concernedjn the boot and shoe interest,but the towns in Massachusetts show the greatest figuresboth in capital and numbers. Theeffectoftheantislaveryexcitement,asfaraare-gard? this town, is not to be classed among the results of, t h e J o h n B r o w n f o r a y . I t i s m o r e r e m o t e . I t d a t e s b a c k totheperiodwhentheabolition frenzy cdmmenoed, years ago. Formerly it was the practice of Southern pur- chaserstovisitthetowns,examinethemanufactories and thegoods,fixtheprices,and proceed in a basy way to do their own business. Recently a boot and shoe exchange was established. It is located in Hanover street, Boston, covers a large amount ofvaluableproperty,wasinaugurated bythemagnates of the State, and is at once a humbug and a failure. Peo- p l e h e r e s a y t h a t t h e y p r e f e r t h e o l d s y s t e m , b u t a r e s h y, on the question s s to what has caused the existing depres- sion to the trade. The real effects, however, are known to fall on the workmen. They used to earn from fifty cents to a dollar and a half a day, and since the Harper's Ferry outbreak, their wages, working b y the piece, have been reduced ton to fifteen per cent. These facto speak for themselves.It may astonish your readers to know who support t h eabolitionsentimenthere. Iwilltollyou.AJohnBroomsjmpathixing meeting wasrecently held inthistown.The principal shoe manufacturers were there, and t h emost o f them rely upon Southern custom. Here a n dthere were out-and-out democrats of the old school, w h oattended from curiosity. Sentiments exalting the deedsThese ore my views oa tho prospective commercial ro- tations of the two sections, foeaded upon close observa- tion, as well as the authority of leading and expsrtoaosd commercial m ea. My datato derived to a oeestaerabta extent from the sentiments prevailing to Richmond, aad that, I have no doubt, will fully apply uo the whole aoeta. Virginia wss the theatre of tbe lafamoue contact which created the exulting state o f feeling between the two seel*rendenc?—Seward,S a n t o ,R. Owen, H E. Runeil, J. & Dobson, Sam. Austin, F.M. vate affairs of States than he had to interfere on behalf of mostly shoemakers, or Interested In the shoe makingBrown, kc the liberation of the millions of Russian serfs who are business. They are a reading class, and read and talk requires the banks should retain on account of their cir-Mr. Caossv bavins; takea his place at Chairman, said groaning in bondage. When w e are told that cruelty is and think while they are at work. This, Ukc other towns culation, deposits, &c., although the average may showthatbebaduoouterrecommendation tothehouor practicedandthatmen,womenandchildrenarenotre- intheCommonwealth,isfloodedwithabolitionorrepubli- thateachbankhastherequiredamountover.conferred upon bim beyond the fact that ho cognizedashumanbeingsintheSouth,therearemany canpapers. Fromthecolumnsofthesepapersthework- Thislargesum,fortunately,doesnotgooutofthewanamanufacturer. Heknewmoreabouttobelieveitandtofeelforthem.Buttherearetwosidesmenobtaintheirideasofnationalandgovernmentalcountry.Itissentsouthandwest—principallyskirtsoftherepublicanleadersfromtbeagriculturaldis-Calhoun. Ktntsiey, Jno. Itobson, E Austin, JohnfPalmer, Whereas, wa find In the Compendium of the Impending Their reasoning is acute and sagacious to the estimationimporters and jobbers of the North, is just this:— DuriLg tbe iirst two or three weeks of January the bintia for tbe large jobbing bouses in Charleston, New Orleans, and other large cities at the Booth, visit the emporiums ot trade at the NorthandtownsMany a noble American sailor, maybe,to thai part o fMassachusetts,This is the heaviest falling off in the amount rienced for years. It reduces the aggregate to $4,324,30s,will be promptly paid in cash, and that tho specie line will not fall far below the legal standard. But it is to be hoped that such heavy hauls upon our precious metals, the basis of all our trade and commerce, and public credit, will not continue many days tn succession, else there may be a "heap of trouble" thrown on the shoulders of Boston financiers. The most of the specie thus drawu from our banks finds Its way into the New York banks before go- ing further.MICHIGAN.OUB SPECIAL DETROIT CORRESPONDENCE.Daraorr, Mich., Jan. 16,1860.Michigan Abolitiamited—The Rtpu'Aicans and the Irrepret tOile Conflict—A Great Change in the Political Sentiment qf the State—Hew it was Brought About—The Le-full8,000 inhabit all classes, aad to.both partiesj to abide by tbe d e c X ^ ' h t r B o e ^ r i ^ _ f/, there-should continue without some eflbrt being made to re-tal, and furnish tbe means of subsistence to 260,000 per tons, wtrfose sole employment, therefore, is to manufac- ture'articleathatareconsumedwholl)orinpartwithout thebordersoftheCommonwealth;andtoshowhowde- p e n d e n t t h i s S t a t e i s o n o t h e r m a r k e t s f o r t h e s e p r o d u c t s , itthoutubeaddtuthatalloftheslavdState*combiaeu, onlyemployinmanufacturesabouttnetameamountof capital/and180,000persons,andthatforfabricsofau eutirelvoiffetentclass.ThetitariKticsefConnecticutexhibit manufacturesota rather snore divertifled character, but they, as well as ail otherstromtheNewEnglandStates,maybetounioathe shelves of every store, and in common u»e <-•;• eveiy householder throughout the Southern States. Tne city o t New York, besides her immense commerce am; internal trade, i*.together with Brooklyn, extensively engagedIUasttired yo': will fiiid correct when it co neg to be tested by time snd rxprrteace.Theo.UJ'.IAUheieloriu*-ihisALi.surpassesaaytbtogI ba\c tf«i.M'.it nfNe»Ymk NotLavingdulyreceir ton>yIIIKAIJI b) madlorafewdays pa*l, 1calledat t o n e o i i l i e p t i H K i i c a l s t - f e s u> p u r c h a s e s o n . " n u m b e r s , aiiiti,I'dapelle-clrttol.loiIftemeachtime1liavugoee tinre. Thepe-iind-cal6tor»*gtlthembyexpress,aad Ltt»etheirarrivalLuoreregularly.tiiaabymail One Stoleke-tperinformedmetbatbisttalenoftheHsKajJOore abuutiruiolugteaterthanihe>weretwomonthsago. TI-«-trftj). ratioofincreasehasnodouot takenphMUat the <itur per mitral stored of the city and throughout the b»uth In>aiucitoi/n theSouthernquestionexatetnegi< an s i acnjimtiini, and I know that a general (eeiing o f g r a n t <><~e i s f e l t b e c a u s e o f t h e c o u r s e o f t h e U s u a l * I t s article tn tbe pa,* r of tbe 9th instant, under the caption of "An Appeal to the Hiiluftopbv, Common Sense aad Pa-manufactures. Collectively they have employed about 36 triotism ot the American People,'' gave peculiar satisfac- tier cent of the aggregate capital of tne State of NewYork, giving employmtnt to one half of all the opera- tion. Never were greater troths uttered than are contain-ed in tbat article. The black man is, in bis slave oonss-tives eugaged, and yielding 48 per cent in value of the tioo, to tbe peculiar sphere for wbicb cioJ intended him. wnoie amount produced in manufactures. In the other 1 see from tbe window by which I am writing, anegcpportions oi the State the agricultural interest is paramountto all others in amount, but the surplus to sell to otherSlates is very large. A similar result is seen inNew Jersey, Newark: andJersey City employingabout 36 per cent of the capital of theState in manufactures, fifty two per cent of the operativesengaged, and furnishing more than half of the annualpi i.ducts. Philadelphia and Pittsburg contribute a fractionmore than half of the manufacturing capital of Pennsyl- tbe rapmity in m y power to finish a long report la time to vania, employing fitty-four p e r cent o f t h e operativessetts, which gives employment to 66,000 persons,wss represented bylourdemocrats,insteadoffour republi- cans,anorganizationofCongressoothefirstdayofthe[rrcm the Anti Slavery New York Times.] Messrs.A.T.Stewart&Co.,whoseSouthernNorth atthis time. The cotton growers of the South arecallingforthecashthatisduethem;andalthoughthepaymentsoftheirheavydraftsmayoccasionatemporarystringency in our money market, on account of the banks session might have been secured. But what care Chas. aflected in their business relatione with the Soath curtailing their loans, yet there is no doubt every dollar Francis Adams, Alexander H Rice, John K Alley by the lowering aspect of political affairs. Thedelegations In Congress from the manufacturing districts,Vote—Abuse rf the Law—Social Status qf the Blacks- and those from New England in particular, are derelict to off this year in his trade with Southern mer-ple to let the Majority Rule—Disposition to Resist Seces- tbe North, especially the large corporations, know full The scattering trade with the South, which con-sion.well that t h e slave States annually produce from their own soil articles that will command to foreign markets a trade equivalent t o $350,000,000; that the South, if s h e transfer h e r patronage t o England, France a n d Germany, who are her best customers for her raw materials, c a n obtain every variety o f manufac- tured goods from those countries direct, a n d a s cheapdoes not know what may take place if a Speaker isnot elected soon; but he does not believe that tbe Southern ladies are prepared yet to dress in linsey- woolsey, and the South must obtain its dry goodsfrom the North. He thinks it probable that the jobbers from the Southern cities will bay more e x - tensively this year at the North, and that the re* . toilerswillstayathomeandpurchase their good*from the Southern jobbers.With regard to the recent discharge of clerksfrom bis establishment, Mr. Stewart says the as- sertion that the Southern trade had anything to d o with it is entirely without foundation. Every year, in the latter part of December, he " weeds out'* his force, removing those who have proved themselves incapable; it is absolutely necessary to do so in so large an establishment. It so happened (aaf mare cterks were thus discharged this year than sas* year; butpoliticshadnothingtodowithitMr. Bowen, ot the firm of iiowen, Holmes &Co., No. 322Broadway,cornerofPearlstreet,importers and jobbers of foreign and domestic dry goods, in- forms us that about fifteen per cent of his trade is Southern trade. During the past fall the Southern merchants have bought more extensively than they did the year before, and it is explicable in his opinion thus: The market st tits North was over stocked, owing to the war in Europe, which induced the mannfltctnrers at home, who could * not find a ready market near s in oStateIn t h eUnion, save andexceptVer-'Probablymont, Is more completely aboliUonized than MichiganTrue, the leading republicans here, as elsewhere, whencharged with entertaining abolition proclivities, deny the"softimpeachment,"buttherank and filebelievede- asattbeNorth;infact,shegetsagoodmanynowthroughThedifficultiesattendingthesettlement oftheKansas constituents;iftheydid,whyalltberecentmovementsandtroubles, together with the excitement growing out o f t h eLecompton question and the Dred Scott decision, have a l lserved to strengthen t h e abolition sentiment o f the peo-ple; and s o intense has the feeling o f the people become,it is highly probable that a Southerner would fare quite asbadly in Michigan as a Northern abolitionist would inSouth Carolina; and a s an evidence I subjoin a copy o f a nact passed a t the last session o f the Legislature, and whichreceived the support of every republican member, our Ike Trade of Virginia and the South with the North— Southern friends will do well to read it, and give the Pe-ninsula State a wide berth hereafter. Here it is:—Every person who, wilfully and without lawful authority, shall forcibly or secreily coufme or Imprison any other person within this Mate against his will, or shall iorcibly carry or send such person out of this State, or snail Iorcibly seize and confine, oransllinveigleorkidnap,anyotherperson,withintenteittier to cause su:h person to be secretly confined or imprisoned to this bcate against his will, or to be sold as a slave, or in any way held to serve against his will, and every person who snail sell,orinanymannertranaierforanytime,tneserviceorla- Dor of any negro, mulatto or other person of color, who shall have been unlawfully seized, taken, inveigled or kidnapped from this Stale to any other State, place or country, or who shall bring any negro, mulatto or other person of color into the sstote, claiming him or her aa a slave, shall he punished by lm prisnnment in the state prison not more man ten years, or by fine not exceeding one thousand dollars.Will the Old Friendly Commercial Rdationsof theTwoSec-Uons be Again Besteredf—If They WW Be, Bowf—Tke hand, to send urge conaigments to this conn- Herald in Richmond, etc, etc. S , and the importers here were compelled t othe act, amount to indirect encouragement to some other mercial independence a t which the South aims, and which madcap to "go and do likewise."favor. Therepublicans have notyet called theirCon thatitwillbetheresultofnecessity. ThepoUcy of nonventica; there c a n , however, h a little doubt b a t that Seward will receive the vote of Michigan tn the Chicago Convention. B e that a w It will, it I s almost a moral certamty that the electoral vote o f Michi- gan will h e cast for the republican candidate, whoever h oa already inaugurated, to purpose, and it will be inif n o t "practically,a tNew York; but to what extent would the Northern manu-facturers suffer if $360,000,000 were yearly added to t b elist of foreign imports ? These are facts for tha republican the country must cease, at least for a time. HeUnion meetings, and publication of circulars repudiating the sentiments of the black republican party?VIRGINIA.OUB SPECIAL BICaWOND COBBESPOKIOKMCI. RICHMOND, VS., J u . 16,1860.Thereisnodoubttbat bythis time theefTect,commer-cially,oftheJohn Brown raid andthe Helperitopolicy trade,whichwithhisfirm,sswithailtherest.is in some degree realised a t the North. The develope-ment of Brown's attempted insurrection not having beenmadeuntilafterthecloseoftbefall trade,hafalleffectscannot be known until another commercial cycle possesround. A n d if the purpose tbat now exists to establishSouthern commercial independence i s carried out, t h eNorth will expcHence a shock that will cause it to rue theday that it tolerated within it an abolitionist of any grade.But this great commercial calamity cannot come aponthat section within a single commercial cycle of say alone. Theydoit,sndareunmolested; whilethe twelve months, for the reason that a fall and complete travelling clerks of some of the houses whichareoflhePvspit A Fiyitiu •***»* tout in may be, for the republicans are quite as likely to stand b y Tha non intercourse policy, it is true, involves to some year before. air. Sullivan advanced theThere *, however, a fixed ana settled determlsationI rather than this unjust ss^rasstoaea v S n i v o f ^ l S S iThroughout Ute South there are a a^sst manyof the Southfront Shat new existing miaasttporveae eelttoos wtil again exist f/bat c a n arodaao that Tteeteriam to CbB*r*Jjml ^ W*?TM*'.Fyto suffer from their sympsAhbnag with the Brown Mesor Heiperrtes, I will state upon the authority of aenough left there t o arrest this odtoas warfare, w a d things will go on more prosperously s a d smoothly than ever . Meanwhile they sasat h e ready t o *M»rssaoa some drawback In the ^Southern trade I would say that the earlier tha assurance could bo given tbe better fortradeisexceedinglylarge,havenotbeenatalltinues throughout the whole year, has not been in- terrupted by the John Brown raid mid the agita- tion which has followed i t The Southerners have been as prompt with their remittances as they usu- ally are, nod they are commonly very much so.Mr. Stewart does not profess to be able to pre- dict tohai xs to come of tne present excitement. It adissolutionoftheUi'onistofollow,hesays,of course all intercourse between the two sections ofir their goods at a great sacrifice. Mr. Bowensees no reason to apprehend that the bouthem  