 /e^preetion. Untitled Document.-day'« paper, tranapired laet night after u thorough in- ARRIVAL OE THE ARIEL.—The steamer Ariel arrived vestigation by Capt. Turnbull and Sergeant Glennev. of the Eighth Precinct. It was at first said thai a girl The Barclay-Street and Broadwa// Road standB the kst nighl from Aepinwali, which place she left on the naw smoke emanating from tho window of a neigh-[•JjI .»fthe fiibt Embassy ever sent from Japan to civilization.roads. Adjourned.committheAjcti-Rent"bill,toamend,therevisedstat- thestockofrefined,whichproveslighterthanwas•1•which ft appe-v* that the association is in a highly ._. . . _ _ with renpect, the 19Va day rf, prosp STOUS condition in aft respects. The total number the 7th month of the 5th year of Ansei lima (Aug. 27, V)58).quest, but without further advance. Rice inactive. has repented his opposition to the nefarious scheme, Sugar—China No. 10, 8|c.; No. 12 Cuba Muscovados,9@ll5C.; Crushed, 14c. offered. Spirits—Market to- and desires that the murder of the girl be tally inactive. Spirits Turpentine nominal at 70c. accomplished. Accordingly, Danny inveigles herWines unchanged. into "a boat, rows her into a cave into which theThere has been an increase of folly 50 per cent inthe number of foreign invoices entered at the San sea penetrates, and throws her into tho water. ThisFrancisco Custom-House from the 1st of January to cave is the resort of an illicit distiller, one My'es-na-•• •oTNEW2#OK^ ifein^r •mispsi, MiiA^ •§m$k*W lser!> 4.«.«-•TOt ,ffld enOm**** meeting of the BepubKean* of the habitants of Fish Islar/d. AH property found by them is taken care of, ' ^ d gladly given up to thoee wno-•••• ^_—•_—T h e O v e r l a n d M a i l c o a c h , w i t h T e g u l a r S a n F r a n r * j B „ co dates to March 9,and telegraphic advicesto *he 10th, arrived here at 3 o'clock this morning.SAN FRANCISCO, Friday, March 9— jo m There have been no arrivals here since the W ^ R *THE " COLLEEN BA WN."The house was crowded bwt night, the attraction being a new play, by Mr. Dioa Botucicault, with theA W y - f i r * W « r * waaheW at their headquarters, "No.? %4 3 5 F o u r t h * v < « r o e , l a » t e v e n i n g , M r . W . J . A . 1? o i l e r ,c l a i m , b yr i g h ^ 0 f r e l a t i o n s h i p ,M r . R a y n o r f o u n dr e d u c e t h e f a r e o n were preeeny rv a f % l t v ^ * ^PreaJdexttoftheAMoaiition,inthechair. Spiritedai- three of Mr ni. Ure. Balmer's trunks, and thed r ^ e e w«re delivered by Messrs. Marshall, Esfcer- jwcok, Fairman, and Northrop.{Advertisement-1CARPETS CARPETS! atHllUtX ASDRRSOS'ft-Every dsscrlption of M*d<OHon,Verr*.*, Sra*(w»ln,Ingrain, andP**ir Cinwrn, Coco* and Canton i t i m s B . OaCLOfit, DRCO- «uvn, MATS, Tablo wad Piano Covn»s% Jtc, at No. S9 bowery.BROOKLYN ITEMS.POUTICXI. —Tise Republicans of the Thr iWari l Hhave nominated John J. Studwell for Sap/.rvisor; of8 contents, v , ^ is nearly all tba-t a* w*»u«from th*-wreck.OR EuxopE-.The Cunard Bteamer Etna^Anderson, ki> yesterday for Liverpool. Sbeii\ prcminm; do., with bill* of lading, 7®7$ preariraa. ticlw unchanged,Other ar->Ward, Charles C. Talbot; and of the NineteenthfWard> JamesD. Sparkman. The "independent Dem-ASSEMBL Y .A protracted debate then ensued on a motior. to re-ocrats, of the Tenth Ward hav nominated Dennis two Japanefie Trinces, Envoys to our Government, eChurga*forAlderman,andSa'muelSmithforSoper- withasuiteofsixte«nofficersandfifty-threeservants.Itpossessestheratherunusualelementofunexpected- Hoz.JohnCrooks,JohnSrdpernan,DrakedeKay,W\M.SmithRepublicans of BrooJ .Jyn, you now have an opportu-astic ratiiication, and then elect them.T»x MxncA EXILIC LIBRARY ASSOCIATION.—The an-)ers, S Laski. G. L. Lanfcrd, W. R Weeks, J. Octhine and family reasons, that he should marry another—Anne wife, H. W. Van Lcnren, H. Springer, Wm Tully, J. A. 8hoab, Chute, an heiress—but of course he is barred by his L. KJoHtenmeyer, D. Copeland, W. Archer, hi. Jossen, J. R. Baven, H. R. Evens, E. J Mores. J. Gideon. F. Smith, G. F.first marriage. One Danny Mann, a devoted and un- Masten, J. D. Rice, C. A. Thorpp. A. M. Taylor C. J. Lambert- scrupulous servant of Cregan, seeing the trouble of son, H. F. Buckwatter, B. W Brittain, R. Johnson, F. Meyer, Chas. Blam, C. A. Pool, J. Bhnus, S. S&lchtine, Mrs W. H- bis master, volunteers to put the Colleen Bawn Martin and child, Mrs. Williams and 3 children, and 95In the[English Traxwlation.Jnual meeting 0 f ^ e Brooklyn Mercantile Library Aa- 7b hit HxceUetmj TO-WNKHKNI) HARWK, PlenipotentiaryKsnriOns.WEDiTEZlU •and Clint* n streets, last evening. There was a fair that has lately been signed 1» the first instance of a mission w / e r sent abroad by our nation, it has been proposed to convey t ,hat>Kaihroads, with power to report complete.Mr. P. P. Murphy, from the Railroad Committee,salable at 3i£c. Naval, StoreB low, and declining, for Tar, Pitch, and Rosin. Oils quiet, and little selling. Pork—No sales, but for inferior, at auction, the mar- ket is sustained. Bacon firm; no sales. Hams are not mentioned. Butter—Sales in lots of 575 packages, by auction, at 10® 14£c; also, sales of 600 packages, via Cape Horn and the Isthmus, at 20^250. Lard in re-attendwac d 0f members. L. B. Chapman, esq , the mission, aod have it returned in a United States man-of-- ^ar. ment that a man of-war may arrive in this empire /.or this—a.Mr. Kaynor speaks SF. the higbesttenns of the in-rrI mri>\. Ml *r acbutnopassengen,. TheBritish steamer tiro Kingro CountySavingsBank; theenactingclause taSwtai°Ups BloW,and A., ovffl&JBf j8alledReceipt*«f produce.Tt>le* by aU Route*, Murdi %-7^"roo bbll. Wbtti, 700 »*#*.. . . or A I « . washed aBhorotitle above given.On this occasion Mr. Bourcicault has forestalledtboEc who always so carefully search out the pedigree of his productions, and has saved some research by himself announcing in the email bills of the evening that be ie indebted to Mr. Gerald Griffin's novel of " The Oollegians" for the leading incidents of this lastCirca^capt. Campbell.left yesterday afternoon for O-alwayvia St. John's, Newfoundland, TOfch lb cabinof the bill for the Promotion of the Arts was stricken Callao. •out. The U.S. steamers .Saginaw .8 ^shxjbricka n d tfae Mier on drama. We also learn from an enlightened Irishman-Provisions, TtQ do. Lard. 600 io.Wniakv.and 111 third class paaaengers.TJIE JAPANESEThe following bills Were ordered to a third reeling: on the 8th insfc., the former for C ^To pieveut the fraudulent sale or conce^iajeut of a survey down the coast.property held under chattel mortgage. * Business ibis weekfrom ^ ^ h a n d f l h&B .hwaall the dictionaries being at fault on this point—that " Colleen Bawn" means the White Maiden—whichPtt«!*tiKer*S a i l e dThe credit of opening Japan to civfifcsation and thebeen made this Winter, the audience being roused totheunusualenthusiasmofgivingtheleadingactorsacomplimentary call before the curtain at the end ofevery act. The succeee of the piece rests not so muchon sharp characterization as on su-stained interest in theplot, which is elaborate and most carefully managed.Winton, Mr. Crookshank, St. John's; Mr. Nolan, Mr. Hammond.. Long Port; Mr. Shea, St. John's; and 11 in third class. .» P*jjsaeas,ger» A r r i v e dIn ttoamthip Quaker CUy, from Havana—Capt. Wm. 8kiddy and daughter, John Skiddy, Mi*se* 8 Carlisle, A. Philip*, Mr. Peon Rorgy MM, F. Campos, G. Bralver, H Rose, A. Castin- dyke, Thomas Kane, Neil McWhilie, M. Smith, J. W. Dangent, James Gun, John Casey, Jeffrey Hardy, John Cronin, R. Knnd. son, G. Robinson, Ed. H*rric*son, Win. S. H«zzard. Antoie laT B E Ml Is yebttfbed »>^7pta gntiua; Twol TBBJTOR EU lm pwMislHMt on UK poof, at s>3 pe.t anCsjMShTJTI22 ; FOBCALIFORJIs pvbrVbed en the wail,at$1So penCHELDON <!Within a month we may expect to see in New-York-*-rf»>them to send an Embassy to England, and offered to%» MISCELLANEOUS.a merit of the piece which commends it to the enthusi-astic attention of all playgoers. The principal incidentsare as follows: Hardress Cregan, tbe hero, has con-Jeger and wife. John Jeger, Adolph Hailgartn.Jn tteamthxp Ariel, from. Jtpinteall and San Francisco—VF. C. Foster, W. F. Keliy. W n. Robinson and lidy, G. Baati and Isdv, Carl Parods, A. D. Hyatt. A. B. Lyles, *Crs. Kins^bury, J. M.'Wilkinscin, L. W . Tiffany/Mrs. Goo. Thatcher ana daughter, D. Barren, P. Warr«D. H. Brum, Mrs S. Eastman and 3 chil- dren, Jas. Caft'ee, H. C. Mowiy, 0*;o. Beckford, M Hntbmaker,The nominations r ^ j excellent, give them an enthusi- Japanese evaded a direct reply, saying they had not i'jg tho Assembly biH'to authorize the construction of eHartley $20. There is not much doing in Coffee, and rates are unchanged. The Dry Goods trade is still dull. Dried Apples are heavy, and no good quality offering. Tin and Glass slow of sale at the last quo- tatior s. In Metals there ie nothing doing. Molassesyet determined to send Embassadors to any nation. Their request to our Government reads as follows:an*lBociatkm -w? held at ths Athenscum, corner of Atlantic Con*ul-G*n*ral of th* United 8tate$ of America, Htcg As the exohftBgo o'' ratifications at Washington of the treh'tya railroad in Brooklyn and Kings County. This road,which is underetood to be popular with the peoplealong its line, extends from Grand-street Perry, inWilHaaocsburgh, to Newtown. On motion of Mr.Ketclmm, by unanimous consent the rule was sus- and Sirup are st«U high, and quick. Nails are un- pended, and the bill recommitted to the Committee ontracted a secret marriage with Eily O'Connor, theColleen Bawn. It afterward becomes desirable, for -as. Bonney, C. Smith, J. Bolen, Benj. Thompson. IsaacRod-Presidtn ^occupied tee chair. After reading the min- Por yonr Excellency's friendly feelings, we aro much obJ.lged, reported favorably the bill to regulate milk freight onsteerage. _,In bark Honduras from Belize—Mathlas Levy, BelgUn Con-«ul at Belize; Isaiah Braddlck, Wilfred MegiJl, Geo. MarnhaU.HrWlATXTKB AXJCA9AC.Son—Jtis««... 5:49 I Seta. 6:22 | Moon—Seta. 1 « HIGH •WATKH THIX J>AT.utss of the last annual meeting, the reports of the and we request your Excellency to propose to the United 'states the Erie and the Harlem Railroads, fixing it at %of aout of the way if Cregan will but give him the word. Cregan is shocked at the proposition, but after- ward Mann is given to understand that his masterTreaorr rer and Board of Directors -were read, from Governmentpurpose, siter the eleventh Japanese month of this yea x (after jcent per quart.Tfce resolution to furnish each member, officer andreporter cf the Legislature with a copy of the Colouial History^ wa3 referred to the Printing Committee, with instructions to report as to the cost of furnishing suchbooks. 'The bill to incorporate the Corn Exchange Ware-oJ v< .lnxnes isbetw-een 14,1)00 and 15,000. The receipts duri og the year -were npward of $7,000, and a balance rem *ains ootaxnd of $48. The report of the Directors «lv jited considerable'discussion, in con«eqnence of an o» o'-ssion of the fact that one of the Directors elected a* / the ias&annual meeting was not eligible to the poor-s' ion, and thejfeft>re-resigned. Tcie report was referred Joack for aewsdmeot. Considerable other bosmeesOT A, Prince of Bingo. MANABAY, Prinoe of "Sim^osa, KUSE, Prince of Y awato.J:02 I Gov. Island... 1:52 ' Hell-Gate...3:33i •s»Olsr»ofa«<*RoaBersg^ 3By & Ir«sc«s Prmfix vrJr. k. Co. have cos pakluled 1B BO«TO| tie Trade on the moNEW BOOKS MARION'S SUNiUinta. Rj the s. &TOB1ES Of Tl «« LITT. By the Bfc«am«u'H Fneua tret THE TOLL G.Al Just published bv"I'8 IDOLS'TNTHE H1 BE CKRLVUAN COSMO'*> ^Jiir T OLD OINGBRfiR? T B E tOl-.'AUfc A 7HE LIFE OS- KM HASTE 10 TKi KATE A*D EFFIiFiJHST ANO LA. r WIL» IE AND U^I TBE M-6SINO Ljt •POUND1BE Md THE CAP11VR ..jj>LUEBANDOLPl EITI'LELYOHETI BILLS' *BOM THE JS»A«-DOLA AND b£U M C A j A STO^V PO J»E«T THINGS. J>1 TJsrciJfc JACK t HE!For Dutch translation: A true translation:MOR1EJAMA. TAK7iTSIRO. T. W. HENSKENE.MARINEJOURNAL." duce a clause securing the full toleration of religion"their business, produced alongiifie^barreled.revolver, " among the Japanese theoiaelvee," a piece of very ing oil' a log. They"will be read a tliird time andValley.The Grags Valley National, has news that the own- pected and latent; he is excellent. Mr. Burnett, asa»d threatened to shoot them should they attempt to•oater and search the hooee. to have religious toleration in Japan if we do not havepaesed this evening.ers of the ground known as the Shaft Claim havestruck the continuation of the Comstock silver vein, Carrigan, is admirable. Mr. Wheatleigh, as DannyNeither of the policemen having weapons with them, that they should arrive here in May or June, onengaged in extracting silver ore of astonisliing rich- is somewhat exhausted just at present.came to the conclusion that prudence was the better jpait of valor, and carelessly bidding the rncn good «dght, assured them that they should positively visit die-house in the morning.ness. The Mexican company had refused to sell any Mies Keene, as Anne Chute, won new laurels, and which had already been extracted from the mine.account of the more pleasant seagon.On the 5th of November last, Mr. Harris writes thatthe Embassy will embark on the Powhatan, at Yedo, on the 1st of February, and may be expected to reach Aepinwali within 50 or 60days, by March 22d, or the first of Apri!. He recommends that they be takenance. In a littletjt/ie thereafter, C*pt. Coalter, with a it desirable that they should get their first impres- Montgomery. Crawford, Shawangunk, Marlborough, lows:After the door was shut, OJn>-.er CottneH kept wa+chepen the honee from an obncuce position, while hisbos-comrade hastened to the Station-House' for assist- from Aspinwall directly to Washington, as he thinksThe gulch or caiicn, for ten miles below Virginia welcome from the audience, and who acquitted herself up'-ke zchr. Joiiu Lee, from Mobile fcr Philadelphia.to adrniration. Schr. T. D. Wagner, Gooding, Havtma 9 davs, sugar, kc, to Dollner. Potter it Co. Experienced heavy N. W. winds tbe en-The music, interspersed by Thomas Baker, is all that tire passage.Schr. Sai »b Ellen (of Bangor), Sawyer, Galveston 32 days, cot-section of men, appeared upon the ground and sur- rounded the house.^3?he bell was again rung, and again the men ap-sions of our country at a place less excitable and tu- multuous than any of cur large seaports.Plattekill and Gardiner. County olli ;ers in Orange " I have .seen almost every mineral in the worldcan be desired.We are enthusiastic over the new drama, but we haveton tugar, 4ic, to N. H. Bngnam. Experienced heavy weather the entire paceage.Schr. Empire (of Deer If le). Marshall. St. Ann's Bay, Jam.,peared at the doer with their revolvers, but before the " officials will be contented, two or three together, theyceuld level them, they were overpowered by half " to; occupy a stateroom," and the servants can hea dozen men, and hand-cnfTed, .In a moment the honse placed anywhere under shelter. The envoys will prob-least of silver indications, nave been discovered for an extent of country 60 miles in length, and perhaps 15 in width."was leifc in total darkness, and some little delay occurred before lights could be procured. Captain Coulter, with Officer -Cottnell and one or two cithers, rushed up jjtairs, where they found a woman hard at work de- stroying all -evidence of crime, by burning up thebogus money.A large package of bills was bla/.uig upon the coals,and was seized by the officers as evidence. The woman referred to snatched the bills from his hands, and thrust them into the grate again, where she held them .nrttai they were almost entirely destroyed. In thisoperation she burned her hands badly.Tiie person* found upon the premises were arrested,ably have two interpreters with them, who speak aMr. McQuade moved the third reading of the New- I York City Railroad bills, and it was so ordered by 84Very exciting accounts continue from the new goldthe quartz leads at Gold Hill, near Jacksonville, are the hard work in this country—I mean real, bard, man- Scbr. Susan Taylor, Hawkins, Charleston 7 days, lumber to P.vixitcd the wreck for the popoee of looking after effect*LconsborgAc Total.C o . . . . . . . .7^262 I J "?? fellow seized her about the waist and attempted are coming up the bay. Wind fresh from the S. W.; weathercf bis brother-in-law, Mr. B-Amer, who, together withmemories of Washington and New-York.The personnel of the embassy is as follows:«to.violate her person. She atrutfcled to iVee hermit hn/.y. . . .'be twisted and broken all apart. Nothing can be seen 'below but some pieces of cloth floating about. The.sea is always high there.Jt One of the steamer's boats has been fonnd offPc*t L&tom, bottom up, and the oars lashed aboard, fltryd the ring-bolts drawn, but not a scratch about her. As & T as l can learn, the passengers had tiaie to prepare themselves for'\the worst; and, as no life-One Secretary of the fir»t rank (Serabay Akoo.) Two iunpeclor- of the lirut rank.Tj"0 ^ccr"'"rieB of the second raak.rwo Tr^aaury officer*.Two Jnspactors of the second rank. TWO J'IU/DMWH.Two Doctois.*'ifly-thl«« servant*.^ »PROVIPF.NCF, March 29.—Air. bark Charles Keen, Svrsni ,STABBING BY A BOY.—Mariner Stuyner,. H boy 14 preseryeTS have l>een found, and a* a ntrong current y«•-ars Ooff agfe, whnijli«o ptatsssiinWg thronarh Grnanrdf s«tre«e«t fast night, gotdidn't care enough for the Union to pray for it." HisANOTHER FALSE ALARM.Clarke street,,while boilingapotofglue,made con- d»m*xe. AlteriUtcharjtinxcargo shewillgoontbemarinarail*.EMBASSY.w,r ers to equalize the freight tariffs on the Railroads before taking m E e w Bttpplie8, in the hope of lowering tbeE3eyen<ih.Ward,FrancisC.Kirby; 0ftheThir- worldbelongstous. Wewerefirst,also,tomakea oftheState,saidCommissionerstoholdofficeoneyear theviewsof'holdersandspeculators. Theeffectofall teenth Ward, Benj. W . "Wilson; of t n e Fifteenth commercial treaty -with them, and we are to receive and receive $6 per day, one hall to be paid by the Rail- this is to "UV^fce tbe market dull and inactive, while it is. oifftculV; to say which way the scale will turn. Crushed sugar, though without transactions, is stronger; buyers offer 14c, without finding sellers. A retiring manager of the Refinery Company controlssupposed, and as all the Eastern is held by two oper- ators, joint action by these parties will posh the market to whatever point the consumption will stand; 15 to 16c. is talked of, and is likely to be ob- tained. The transactions in candles this week were 40J100 boxes Adamantines in lots, to the trade, at 19c. The market closes heavy. In Coal there has'Mr. Mcmwrre, from the Standing Committee on been email jobbing sales, the tendency of all kinds be- nity of carrying 0 ,e election—will you improve it 2 famish any conveyance they might require; but the Cities and Villages, reported to the Senate this morn- ing downward. LacRawana is $16 per tun, and Westness, the successive incidents in the progress of thestory being unfolded in the most unlooked-for manner.No dramatic prophet, howsoever skilled in the conven-N. D. Alurce. L.-Mayer, Mrs..F. and Emily Skiddy, P. A-Domin- i utx, Alex. Gun, Santiago Dubul, M. Pushariya, John Miller. D. Gard, 8. T. Morgan. J»rne* "Wil»on, John Alomar, J. M. Vander- stcin, J. Sullivan, P. M. Mendozer, Jos. Richardson, Mrs. A and Emma Richardson, MergareHe Noes, AL Miso, Mrs. Wm. Pen- dleton, Mr. and Mrs. R. Paohael, John Hall, C. Rippon, Tho*.visor..The Republicans of Brr oklyn will hold a meeting toMore than two years ago application was made by the Japanese to our Consul-General in Japan, Mr. Townsend Harris, for a steamer to convey an Embassyutes of alicjationW deed.Mr. ROBERTSON argued'against the bD!t, and Mr.BINGHAM in its favor.—-rratify their eity noniinai'*.^^ $u& evening, at the Re- to the United States, they having no vessel suitable for publican General Com/ aittee Room, No. 9 Court s-reet. such a voyage. Lord Elgin had previously, requestedFrom fjvx Own Correspondent.ALBANY, t'hursda^, March 29,1860.tional drama, could foref ell the catastrophe—the inter-est increases to the final unvaih'ng of all things, Garvin, Joee Gallon, Miss>omana Axorta, H. R. Drake, Luiahousing Company was ordered to a third reading.The bill to amend the act, of 18T>8, in relation to the City HsTil in the City of New-York, was referred to questing him to furnish a steamer to Paauama, and to the first'Committee of the Whole. This is the bill toMr. Harris immediately wrote to Com. Tatnall, TC-Secretary Cass, asking that a steamer w.ght be sent to build a'City Hall in Madison square, at an expense ofdate of this year over the same period in 1859.The E6W steamer Milton S. Latham has commenced running as an opposition boat between Sin Franciscoand Sacramento.Oxders continue to be received at San Francisco for^he construction of considerable machinery for the Washoe Mines.Many men of means are leaving here for the Washoe region, and the amount of capital leaving us for that legion is a prominent reason given for the light ship- ment East by the last steamer.Cappaleen, who, indistinctly seeing Mann movingabout in, the cave, shoots him, mistaking him for anotter^—the girl is rescued by Myles from the waterand concealed in his cabin. Meantime intelligence istaken to Cregan that Eily O'Connor has committedsuicide, and preparations are made for his marriagewith the heiress. But Danny Mann, though mortallywounded by the shot, has crawled home, where hisconfession to the priest and his mother of the murder ofPORT OF NEW-YORK. .HfAlton 23.Cleared.Steamships—Etna, Anderson, Liverpool, E. Cunard; Hunt*- villc. Poat, Savannah, H. B. Cromwell &. Co.; Roanoke, Conch, Norfolk, Ludlam & Hainekan.Barks— Wyman, Baker, Boston; Ionic, Hutchinson, Cardenas, H. S. Vining.Brigs—Avosetta, Tnzo, Port-an-Prince, H. Becker k. Graavea; Habor, Thotessn, Jamaica via Norfolk. Holmboe & Hoadley;. "Winthrop, Bear*e, St. Martha, i c , Sandy k. Everett; Henry Means, Trtworgy, Nnevltas, C. it. E. J. P«teri.Schooners—R. M. Taylor, Itue, Washington, R. M. Blackwell; Q.civet Doane. Howes. Georgetown; H. C, Werson, Cole, Mo- bile, McCready, Mott & Co.; Wjthe, Tnttle, Richmond, C. H . Piereon & Co.; Panama, Allen, Portland. J. W . McK.ec; Sarah Elizabeth, Smith, N*w Haven, masUr; William Smith, Smith, Charleston, W . B. Scranton; M. I'ike, Crawford, Mobile. W . H . Hazard; B. S. Sharp, Mayhew, Jacksonville, Van Brunt k. Sleght; T. Jefl'frson, Chase, Salem, R. W . Ropes U. Co.; Maria Louisa, Cummir.gs, Fall Kiver, master; Transit, Knosries, Wil-mington, McCreadv, Mott it. Co.Sloop—Painter. Gardner, Providence, master.Steamers—J. R Thompson, Colnary, Baltimore; Delaware, Cannon, Philadelphia, F. Perkins.9Arrived.Steamship Quaker City, Shufeldt, New-Orleans via Havana March 25. indue., moils and pass, to Hargocs Bros.Steamship Ariel, Miner, Aspinwall -via Havana Marah 25, pan., &.C, toD. B. Allen.Steamship Yorktown, Parrish, Richmond, mate, and pass, to Lndlam & Htinckcn.Ship Ancover. Keeley, Now-Orloans 17 days, nid«e. and 16 pass, to Wm. 2-felson k. Son. Sailed in company with the ship Lizzie Oakford, for Liverpool; was in company with her again on the 18th.Ship Creole. Pierce, Ne^-Orle»ns 20 days, mdse. to WDliam T . Frot-t. Has experienced heavy weatherthe entire passage; has been 9 days N .of Hatteras, with heavy N. W . e<»les.Bark Helnde«-r, Franklin. Santa Cruz 30 da5H, molasses to Simp»on k Maybew. March 20, lat. 33 4. Ion. 76 33, spoke ship Maty Crocker, from Liverpool for Charleston; 18th, lat 33 20, Ion. 75, spoke t;chr. Alida of Boston, Veering K.Bark Honduras, Bai*s, Bdize March 3, mahogany, &C, to F. Alexander. March 1C, lat. 32 11, Ion. T-i 9, exchanged signals with ship Ticondcro^a, stcerins N.Bark James E. Ward, Tihbctts, St. Mark's 27 days, cotton, &cf - to J. E. Ward k Co. Sailed in compdny with bark Oscilla, for New-York; experienced heavy N. W. gales.Brig Ortolarf (of Ellsworth), Lord, Trinidad de Cuba March 9,. sugar; to Yznaga del V'alle k Co. March 11, off" Cspe Antonio, gpoke brig Lacy Ann. from Trinidad for Philadelphia; 27th, saw Rship ashore on Curritock ; had her topnails set; appeared to bar©justgoneon;wp.«asmall»hipofabout500tuns.Brig Jessie (Br., of Halifax), Murray. Mayagtier, P . R-, 15days,sucar andmolasses to J.Hunter &Co. Maich27,lat.39 40, Ion 70 9, spoke 3-mai.ted schr. Arzac, from New-Orleans for Providence. The J. has experienced since the 22d heavy west- erly weather; split KailR, kcHr\g, J. W. Drifko (of Colombia), Drisko, Remedios March 13. sngar to master. March 15, lat. 24. Ion. 79 30, vpoke the 3 masted' »chr. B. Waf'son, from Segui for New-York; 18th, lit. 32, Ion. 78, named a baik bouDd N. showing white signal with black checkers in it.Brig Annie Laurie, Till, Tiinidad de Cuba 33 days, sugar and molasses to G. S. Stephenson. BeamN.of Hatteras '•'& days, with very h«a.vy gales; e*rri*d away foretofsail yard, split sails, & c ; hao a pilot on board 3 days.Brig Keoka (of BoMon), Treat, Cardenas March 16, molasses to Walf.li, Carver &. Cba*e.brig Olive (Br., of Quebec), Bcrnic, Nuevitas March 15, sugar to matter.Brig Sarah (Br., of Argylo), Kenny, St- Jago de Cuba March 1/ to master.Scbr. H. B. Squires, Sq-rires, Baracoa 16 days, fruit to Thomas Gilmattin. March 19, lat. 32 48, Ion. 77 17, spoke bark J. Wesley, MeClure, from Cardenas ior New-York ; U«th, had a heavy gale from S. E. for 2 dayr, which shifted suddenly to N. W., and on•was brought, "sp and discusaed, and the meeting ad- A«pinwall to receive the Eoabassy. Thm Embassy was $3,000,000. The bill was subsequently considered in journed at a l*»e hour. Committee, reported, and ordered to a third reading./ <m to exchange the ratifications of the Tra-aty of Tedo at The'bill to establish, a Nautical School at the Port of T>XMOC.nXV*C*R*VITICATIO** M-KWTISW.—:Therej?nlar Washington on the 4th of July last. But some of the New-York.X>rnMcrata J * # ! ib*ir yatific&Uon m a t i n s in the City-Hali Pork last night.THE V jrnrKT* *9c*TKS OOCRT.—B. »?. Browne, esq., »f Brook] ru, •wvrtin'fh* 25th b » ^ admitted as commelor in the Unit*4o*t M«« Supnsape. Court «t\V^.hing^c.Japanese Old Eunkers, it seems, m«de a desperate at- tempt to preserve an ancient law, which inflicted death on any Japanese who might leave the country. The Dimios strove with the Mikado, for the conservation of this venerable institution, fearing, no doubt, that if it[This bill is copied essentially after that of Massa- chusetts].Mr. Robert:on from the Committee from the Stand- ing Comrrittee on Commerce and Navigation, to which was recommitted the bill to prevent encroachments and obstructions in the Harbor of New-York, reportedferred back to the Committee on Cities and Villages to to Panama, which will greatly contribute to the con- report complete. Five of the six have been amendedledge has been opened in two places, and two menpast seven months, and I don't believe that for the nextSchr. Ralph Hewett, Bueklev, Rockland 6 days, lime to W. &. Brown k Co. " ^the hospitalities which tfce Japanese have already Fenixi, Fitz-Greene Halleck, John Bryan, JayJS. Treat, extended to our representatives. France has received George W. Dean, Owen W. Breanan, Alexander H.Embassadors from Burmah and Siam at her own ex- Dennis. and»James Sbow.-The following extracts concerning the position of the pense, and England has paid the way of a Siamese same as before in regard to corporators.TUT STTCAMKtt HUNGARIAN—-rURTHKK PAUTICC1.ARS.embassy to London. It is possible that the Envoys William H. Rayner, a merchant of Montreal, to may have order* to return by way of London, Paris, Thomas D. Rayner, esq., of tui*city. Mr. W. 0. K. the Hague, and St. Petersburg; lei ue take care that thoir reception in those, cities may not efface theirJ. S*rarjHs Bro. &,Co. Kiiislob & Bro.........fire, and this report was given out as the origin of the side the Hook, btoamsliipa Circatsiau, for Galway. and Etna, for $71,145 alarm. It appears, however, that a Miss, about 14 Liverpool, passed out over the Dorat 2:30 p. in. Wind moderatswrecked Hungarian are from a letter written by Mr.THE LOBBY.The Lobby from New-York is strong, but far from J. Hicht Uros. at €o.bis bride-, were passengers upon the steamer:*' W e found that the Hungarian had stmck on a LIST OK JAPANESE EMBASSY TO THE UNITED STATES, the Capitol. Yesterday,' however, they had a grand> knife and threatened Lo cut her throat if she made any BALTIMCfRK, March atS.—Arr.hark President, from Monro- QTJICIC PASSAGE.—The United States Mail steam- / further noise. via Feb. 16; experienced heavy weather;Maroh«o', lat. M 12, Ion.' jkdge called the Cape Ledge, about one half m^le fromshore of Pi»h Island, in about twenty feet of water.About fifteen feet of one side of the stern, and aboutf ircme, Princ of Booae'n,. \ Envoys. Moora&vJti, Prince of Awadsi,quarrel among themselves (of course, each one of them is a candidate fon. the berth just vacated by General pjlfcbury>, and the whole squad started for Home yes- terday. A good riddance.TOWN ELECTIONS IN WESTCHESTER COUNTY, NY.—Samuel Hopper, Republican, tbo Supervisor of rived full two hours in advance. Harrison, "was reelected on Tuesday last. In theTown of XJye, Mr. John E. Marshall of Port Chester;Democrat, was reelected.After a sovere struggle she succeeded in getting 7430. spokebiigMarcus, bouud rolS*ew-iork; ship Juniata.from away from the villain, and ran screaming up stairs. Liverpool at Monrovia reports, March***, Richard Alexander orSt. Josephs, N. B., seaman, fell from tbe maintopsail yard, aad Upon reaching the.school room, she fell fainting upon was drowned. . . "ten feet of the bow are above water. She (seem* to Otie Vice-Govonior for Foreign Attars.her dock early yesterday afcernoo'n, after the rapid run the floor. Tbo Hcreums of tho girl threw the rest of Alio air., bnik Tangier, from Callooketoh; brig Peerle^ &on>Of 20 hours from Norfolk. The Yorktown left in com- the children into a panic, and during their fright the St. Jftgo. *0%of»\ MtU-ftiwe, Cbief Cennor. One Vi.j«.Oovemor of the Treasury.>ebip Yoritown of the New-York and Virginia Steam-fihip'c Company's Line, Commander Pirriah, reachedPetitions for a Citv ~a*$®'A N YM a r c hTIJC California Overland TffaSl. MELOY'S ST A TION, Thursday, March 29,1860.$172.V©*1750; Bacon 7%@Q&.,; Lard limiic. Money market ix nnchanged, tho demand fair; Sight Exchange on New-York tar gold, l tJ)h ty c*.nt pram. «»»«•*.,NKW-OICI,KA2VH, March 29.— COTTON a shade firmer' tales- t o - day, ll,OtO bates at JcfaUCjc. for Middling.. STJUAR firm- fsirtw fully fair, ©W^c. MOT,A8*K» buoyant; prime, 3d®40.' Con* qtifet at 78®«0c Kess POKK. $13. WHIBKT. 2r»2U«L rRitrOHT on Cotton to Liverpool, IS. titsrting ZXCHAJ***. T I S^ WCTT, pasiTeid relative to the Methouist Epipcopal ,/nurch hi Ofohn street; relative to attempts to esjape 'by State Prison convicts; to amend the charter of the'the Colleen Bawn, implicating Cregan, is overheard . BR or natmfCrrr CounT CAI.BNDA*V, March 29.—Nos. were relaxed, the old landmarks would be tjwept the bill favorably. Also, favorably the Arsembly bill bill now under consideration to giant to a Company • by one Carrigan, an enemy of the Cregan3. Carrigan», 31,6,,4Z,44,'V**,^, 3.28,<7,SO,51,53,54,55,56.59.60.away, and the union of the Japanese Empire would wvx'ld go"to, irrepressible dissointion. In fact, it was knocking out the underpinning from the peculiar insti- tutioa of Japan.Thoy succeeded in,coHipeiling the Japanese Govern- ment to nsk for delay, and, after some little prelimi-to extend the-charter of the Atlantic Dock Company 30 years.The following bills were read a third time in the 'Senate to-day, and passed:In relation to attempts to escape by convicts in the State Pri 3ons. [Adds to their term of imprisonment. ]To incorporate the Kings County Dime Savings' In- stitution.In relation to District-Attorneys. [Requires Dis- trict-Attorneys to file their minutes of criminal trials with County Clerks, and Clerks to furnish transcripts of such minutes to the Governor, when requested, for his guidance in cases of applications for pardons.]To amend the acts to prevent and punish Prize- Fighting. fCompells parties to give testimony which would criminate themselves, but provides taat such testimony shall not be used against such witnesses.]For tne Protection of Boarding-House Keepers. [Gives them same lien en baggage, & c , of delinquent boarders as Hotel-Keepers enjoy.]For the Relief of the holders of the Mortgage Bonds of the Black River and Utica Railroad Company, and to enable them to organize a new Railroad Company.THE NEW-YORK SANITARY RIIX.This morning the New-York Sanitary bill, reported from the Grinding Committee, came up in the Assem- bly. A City Democrat moved to strike it from the report, or to kill it; but upon a standing vote the Op- position mustered only about ten votes out of a hun- dred members prepent. The bill was therefore re- ferred to a Select Committee to report complete, and willnodoubtgo through the Assembly without se- rious difficulty.From M until 1 o'clock the Assembly enjoyed athe right to construct a sea-wall along the water-front of San Francisco. There is great danger of the passage of the bill.The Senate bill appropriating $60,000 to the Company completing the first line of telegraph between Califor- nia and the Mississippi River, and $40,000 to the Com- pany completing the second line by another joute be- tween the same points, has been referred to a Select Committee. The indications are that the bill will pass.There was $725,000 in the State Treasury- at the close of last month.The Senate has a special Committee spying out the country east of the Sierra Nevada mountains. The design is to inquire into the expediency and practica- bility of annexing the Washoe gold and silver region to the state of California.There is a proposition to substitute the 118& for the 120th meridian of longitude as the boundary between California and Utah Territory, by which about 25,000 square miles of that Territory, will be brought within the limits of the State, including the settlements and all the arable and inhabitable land in the Western rim of the Great Basin. It is rumored in the Legis- lature that 50,000 Californiaus may visit this new min- ing and agricultural region during the ensuing season, and that it isproper and advisable that Congress ex- tend the boraers and Government of this State so as to include and protect them. This plan will be urged npon Congress as preferable to creating the proposed Territory of Nevada.Abillhaspassed the Semite to authorized Butler County to issue $200,000 in bonds to aid in the con- struction of the Sacramento Valley Railroad to Oro-at once lodges information against Cregan. as an accessory to the murder of Eily O'Connor, and he is arrested in the presence of the wedding guests, Car- rigan's malice is, however, defeated, and the innocence of Cregan established by the opportune production of Eily herself, all alive, and in a state of eeriou3 objection to the marriage of her husband to another woman. And her husband, to his credit be it said, doesn't marry the other woman, but the other woman finds a hmband on the spot, in the person of an old lover, whom she had wanted all the while, but who had been kept from her by an unfortunate misunderstanding.These are the main features of the story, about which are grouped many minor incidents of interest, which all add to the beauty of the play, and make it one of the most intensely interesting of melodramas. It is one of Mr. Bourcicault's masterpieces, and is a fitting and symmetrical climax, to his labors of the Winter.distinguishes the stage management at this theater; the scenery, which is all new, and painted expressly for the play by Messrs. John Thome and Minard Lewis, is beautifully appropriate. We would particularize " The Lakes of Killarney by Moonlight," by Thome, " The Gap of Dimloe," by Lewis, and "-The Water Cave," by Thome.The acting is as near being thoroughly excellent as, under the present administration of mundane affairs,DES OENT'UJPONA NEST OF FETTERS.COUNTER5LAH€ffi H A I X OF BOGUS MONSY .L ftf^t night, about D o'clock, a shop keeper on naries, the following convention was drawn up:E k /"o«cth avenue, near Fiftieth street, pointed out to Of fcer Tompkins of the Twenty-second Ward, a man w' k>"bad.passed » $ ^ counterst bill on the Exchange B atfrk of TJartford/Conn., npen him a short time pve-v is3oeTy,-and requeeted the ofticer to watwh his move- xaenvi.Officer Tompkins followed the man two or three Mocia, aad^wfcUedodgingaboat to es<-ape observation, fcadkajy fell in with Officer Cottrell, of die same Ward,in ofcizetf's dress,to whom he communicated the above foots.The feBow soon after entered another store and ten- dered rn«payment for some trilling articles one of the •eeuBterfeit bills. The officers, observing through the wixdew that tfe© shopkeeper returned the bill with a^ b a k e « f bis head, stepped into the store,.and withont edo<maa-ched the man to the Station-Kouse. Upon eic- Tft/nmJKtg the peraon of the prisoner, a •number of coon-^erfertr bills 'were found concealed in secret pockets.CONVENTION.Whereas, The fourteentb-nHlcle of the tronty made at Yedob*twe*in thn United States of America and tho Emperor of Japan, »od trfgnnd on the 29th day of:Jnly, 1S5S. provides thut the ratifi- cation of the said treaty »haH be t5xcnung*»d in the Citv of VVaah- ineton on or before the 4th day of July, 1859; and, whereat, the OowmmerJt of Japan, owing to grave and weighty reasons, ban requested the po*tpon«men>; of t i e timo fixed for tb« exchange of ratifications, we, the nndersIgnedPlenipotentiarie^, have, after <Jne- deliberation, agreed upon and concluded the following Con- vention :Awrici-K 1. For the foreaoin? reasons a copy of the treaty bearing the ratification of fiis Majesty, the Tycoon of Japan, has be*«n left in the hands of the Consul General of the UnitedKtatfs, and the [same sh*U be returned by him to the Japanese Government on his being informed of the exchange oi ratifica- tions at Washington.ART. 2. NOembassy shall leave Japan for any foreign nation before the mission bearing the Japanese ratification has arrived at "Washington.ART.'&.The cliune of the third aittele of the Treaty of Yeddo, r«lating to the freedom of trade between American* and Ja- panese, shall be made p'iblic by the Japanese Government, iu all partR of th*> Empire, on the first day of J uly next.ART. 4. The Government of Japan has agreed that the Embas- *y will be rvndy to leave Yedo Tor the United States of America on tb*> 22d day of February, 1860.ThisConventionisexecuted in triplicate,eachcopybeinirintb« EogliHb, JapaxA««, and Duf.h languages, all the vcraions hav-yIt is put on the stage with all the care that always•iu£ the same meaning and intention; ba; the Datch version shall SeTSral of the officers present recognized the pris- bf considered as the original.•' FAK»YTHftFLO<3 MBo. GA TTY'o i A WlS.6Af>y'S ^.V MstS. OATTY'.S >K MRS. G A T - » T - S C H MRS. GATTY'« PR MRS. GATIY^ slj MBS. GATTY-SAU L«FEOF CAPTAINLIFE OF ST AU<. PR.sC>FTSIN tli OLD FRIENDS. B T H E M ^ E EyA. EDDYELLEB>.!.:f WJRKARI- AND VMCloud».r'... STOBY OF'BVTHL TBEBEuMJTiFl,"' 1 THEEAR.^>Sa CH SIDNEY GREY....CAROLINE PER' TbtkillRJ TH AND HER" THE BLIND M \1«ROBEISJLW BOOK> CATA NwveJ" A book net ca^t inbii>ing vi^or with e qui e at borne iufc::-a coso«o»i'ion to coi. <•: tw«eo New-Eog.an'". ins, without b.u-n *: handled, the i w i rand tbe tendercy o( LECTURESBy th« Bon. Geo PJ** rt e#e lecture* *ri xeadij-.u, the spontaii. ass)}MS the rtady msnly »health of svof ih« rvsjulu let I-. pa«e. * * * Wo- ot'smtal bnmor, tea kij»o)in< irto » >!««•:c*i itsdevth*"—[N. Y. CMi. Ov WOLFE OF T-B> Wrs. Ot«-rie "In tbe poetic 1Uu-tr|Jktooie'a L&'la rtoo&h THE TRti Msjor-General a JlBj G«- tt. .Vooie. 1 S*tITH'S(thfKr-c .•• m CRtxirrvwo NEW AN] OUR' BIBLE CLASJBy^.From Tl "Thl«!sa w«U-wii<uIsle t^eat pleasure i-- i|WOOING AND W, • ByjFrori*' TFe aatbor is * birkm s y be confiatulateJ stories o< bomebfe in. So tiatb hke are the in^ la the cOaracters, that' nation in tbe stor*DF.RBY Copiee by mail, po-»t|Babeis.•oner, "wbo,gave hi« name as Thomas Nowell, a9 one of Ja witness whereof,- we. the undersigned Plenipotentiaries, tilt between two of the ablest legal members in the ville. 'have hereunto set oar hands and seals, at Kanagawa, on the 19th bocy—Mr. Bingham of Rensselaer, and Mr. Robin- •the-residents ef a house in Fifty-second street, near day of March, of the year of our Lord 1859, and of the indepen-£2«fTenth avenue, that had long been suapected as be- dence of the United States of America eighty-third,-corresponJ- son of Chemung—-over Mr. Colvin's Laud TenureThe survey of a railroad route from Placerville to Folsom proves the ground more favorable than was anticipated, and it is estimated that the roads can beibg to the Jopanose era, the 15th day of the second month of tho AB^aresoitfor-counterfeiters. -The house had been sixth year o£Ansei iittsdzi.bill, which passed the Senate several days ago. Mr.Robinson wanted it to apply only to the future, and completed for $1,000,000.moved to recommit for that purpose.' This motion was A vein of coal has been discovered within two miles lost by a tie vote, and the bill was put upon its pas- of the town of Sonoma, which is thought to be exten-^ TOWNSEND HARRIS. fMlDZUNO TSfKKGOxVO, CamLTh* «u.l. ~rJ H O R I OJtIBAYO, Caoi.xtxe seals oi <MUBAGAKI AWADZ1NO, CamLIKA TO SIOZABRO.[Seal.!grossed, and go through the Assembly as easy as roll-- ^ ^M a d i s o n s q u a r e , a n 3 t o'railroads to three cents,iifouflttLjeiumof New-York; to^. amend the charter pateb to Fj-esno City.out of the Watertown and Rome Railroad; to incorporate Sailed on the 7th inat., French ship 7"**•t*Mn„£vnTo provideforaPolice Courtinthe. CifcyofNewr withthecountry, iner^kag been more doing by lae Yo?k. d la<;k8jrr. MoGRAW gave notice that h*j would move a tained at the close. ^ g t o c k i n t h o h a n d B 0f bothsubfititute for the Pro-Rata bill, appointing Commis- the city and countr j ^ ^ ^ J J \,Q j ^ down very close^InttvomihipCircattian, for Qaheav—Wia*we can hope to see.Colleen Bawn, has to undertake the personation of one of those characters in wcich she so far excels all competitors—a pretty, blushing, bashful, country girl; her success is perfect. Mr. Bourcicault as Myles Na- Coppaleen, a vagabond distiller of surreptitious whisky, displays alarming symptoms of a most capiial talentMann, played with much earnestness and excellence.appearance,-aad told the officers they had better leave. have been ready to ss.il in October last, but be desired put an appropriation for the purpose in the General At last accounts from the original Comstock lead, the special words of commendation, but our vocabulary Jan«es »nd bouey to master. Experienced heavy N. W. winds«Ioeely watched, but BOcareful were the counterfeiters in t&eir operations that the police were unable to ob- tain any evidence against them.•Upon the order of the officer in command, Officers 3Pompkin8 and. Cottrell repaired to the house in ques- tion, 'for the purpose of investigating the matter Tbeir ri»# avtbe-door was answered by a well-dreaded wan of middle age, who, upon hearing the nature oMiss Agnes Robeitson, as theMr. Harris states in his letters to Mr. Cass, just pub- lished by the Senate, that the negotiations which re- sulted in this convention were protracted some fifteendays, through a strong effort on his part, " to intro-sage and lost—Yeas, 54; Nays, 58, A motion to re- consider was laid upon the table. So the bill may be called up again..MAYOR WOOD'S CHARTER. " .sive, and of a quality closely resembling cannel.The news from the Washoe mines continues of the same character as heretofore, and the near approach of warm weather is having its effect in a brisk emigra-I hear very litUc of MayorWood's Charter, and the tion.A passenger train of 100 mules is soon to commence time ball on the Capitol. The City Railroads' are en- making regular trips between Nevada and Carsongeneral opinion is that it has qone up to regulate thedisinterested benevolence on his part. But it is wellAnother man, also armed with a revolver, macfe his it at home He states aiso that the Japanese would Conckiing wanted to be excu-ed from voting; he had opened at Virginia City. For Messrs. Fisher, Daly, and Leeson, we should have Schr. Maria Jane (of Eastport), Crosby, Cardenas II days, mo-The bill for draining Cayuga Marshes ffor marshesread treasury) came up for a final reading. Mr. about one-fourth of a mile from the rich mine already21st again shifted to N . : wa* hove to 43 hours, and up to tbe 27th had a mccesMon of N. .W. gales ; 13th, lat. 21 58, Ion. 74 30, spoke schr. IIume, for Baracoa.Appropriation bill, with the reservation that the ex- Ophir, the MexicaD7 and tfae Central companies, were'most of the pa-oage; March 27, Richard McDonald of Eastport, a seaman, aged 20 years, fell from the main rigging overboard, and WfiB l0*t.8chr. Fassport, Hawkins, Matagorda Bay 23 days, cotton and hides to McCreadJVMott & Co. lla* experienced heavy N. W. gales the entire-'passage; lost jibboom; has been 11 days K. of Hatteras. -; ^ &Brig EHzahetpsTatls (of Camden, N . J ) , Bryant, Trinidad, •Cuba, 23 dayssWnzar, &c., to master. March IS, lat. 30, Ion. 79.BY TELEGRAPH TO THE NKW-tORK TRIBUNELA VRA KEENE'S THE A TER.»" TflnrltrtM.—Rtportid by Telegraph, CJ.VCINJTATI, March 29.— F t o c x unchanged, the demand le«al "WMIKKYis ateady at l*i/Q>»8Jc.iPRovi8ro!»tt are-firm;'-Mesa J»ork^jobbers, but the deman' g^^jfth, and is not sus- discovery we announce with triumph.J a m *The all-absorbing question in the Legislature is thepense should be collected from the lands benefited,and ho thought that disposed of the bill, and that itcould not come before the HOUBC in iss present form. more of their claim? declining an offer of $1,000 per Mies Wells, as Shelah Mann, was acceptable.He waa not excused* nor was Mr. Wiiey, who asked foot. The Ophir claim was held at even higher rates. In the company we were glad to see the new face of the same favor on tlie same grounds. On the final About $100,000 worth of ore was visible at Ophir,- an old favorite, Madame Ponisi, who received a heartyvote, "the bill was passed by a vote of GOto -12. HIGHLAND COUNTY.The bill for the erection of Highland County, came upfor a third reading. The proposed new county includes A correspondent of The Alia California, writing from the to^ns of Newburg, Cornwall, New-Windsor, Virginia City, on the 29th nit, closes his letter as fol-haimonious. The most important feature of the week has, perhaps, been the appearance of five or six Cap- wins of Police, who seemed to be under the almost pardonable impression that they were up here to catch rogues—just as if there were any such persons aboutWm. Heller &.Co... J. Heller17,WSU years of age, was about returning to her class-room 2.000D1E».wit*at£*0t,\m»settingoffnboxe,Ithinktheymustall '?fi"i wfc1,ly..w^b BXM)th«"f hoy, n»uj«d Irwlu Uyatt, andhive been carried off to sea. st^bfd him in ih«j /.iU«j with * jJ.;D-kuif.5| inflicting a severe, but McINTYRF^-Iii Brooklyn, on Wedr.cadr.v o'glit, March 23, at New-Havtn, who sajs that Lie refusal to officiate siderable smoke by burning some shavings. A passer- way for repairs.44 Ko on« here ean account for the loss of the ship, not.iMtcflttwriry fetal w o n * . 8Uy nor was arrested, and locked 12] o'clock, uflor a short illness, Chares L. Mclntyre, printer, up in th# fourteenth Ward frWion-House. Ho says that ho in tfce 25th year of his age.except thift <ti6 officers mistook, one light far the used tho tnvn in s«lf-d«feus«, us Hyatt first sttaefcod him with- Birrenoinfl west t^keu to Albany, on Thursday afternoon, for out pI0YOC«ti«*,«Was on fire, and raised an alarm, thereby turning out March 28, laf. 88 14, lou. 7? 5, by pilet boat Jane (No. )),.bri» >City, was being worked for gold and paying largely.and Ulster are kept in power uutil the end of their here, gold, Bgilver,. lead, copper, antiuony, binmuth, little doubt the public will indorse our ecstacies to the ' March 7. mdse. to A. H. Solomon. March Xi, lat. 32 8, Ion. 75 IVpresent terms. The usual legal provisions are detailed plumbago, &.c. Lead and copper I have seen in an full. iprke bark Radiant, for Cuba. . * 'In regard to accommodations on board the Powhatan at painful length. On a votes the bill was lost—51 Yeas almost pure state. Already mines of silver, or atSchr. Volunteer (of Millbridje), Brown, Savanna la Mar IS At the end of the piece Mr. Bourcicault was caUed daya, sugar, rum, pimento, kc, toC. At. E. J. Peters. Hadtomeout, when he epoke as follows: heavy weather.Schr. Siak (of Ear.t Machias), Foster. Cardenas March 19, sugarLAIUES AND GENTLEMEN: I thank you all for your to F Talbot. Sailed in company with schr. Maria Jans, forNew-York.to 43 Nays. The motion to reconsider it was laid upon the table.TUX NEW-YORK RAILROADS.little English, but they speak the Dutch language Yeas,and then the House took a-recess until 7 p. m. flufently. It isd€8irable that a person having a know-'very kind reception of our drama this evening. I thinkmines in Southern Oregon. All accounts agree that it will be admitted by you all that Irishmen do most of • Scbr. Ringgold, Merritt. Squan, with anchors and cables fromship He Witt Clinten, Mely ashore. These are the six bills heretofore reported and re- among the richest ever discovered on this coast. Tho ual labor. I myeelf have worked very hard for the Armour.ledge of the Dutch and English lungnagcs he dispatchedvenience of the Japanese. others as ccu-porators. The following are the corpora- On the 5th inst. $75,000 were taken from "the other time in my life. Tbe field of Irish history and romance Schr. C. S. Watson, Hallock, Elisabethport, coal for New-The envoys have nnoflici illy requested that an officer tors of the various roads as they now btand: opening—at least so we are informed by a telegram is so richrn dramatic suggestions that I am surprised London.from Yreka, the northern terminus of the telegraph that the name has never been regularly opened before. Srhr. Nathan Clifford, Shute, Belfast 10 days, lumber tothree months you could get another idea out of me withby the striking out of some names and the insertion of ings, with nothing bat ordinary mining implements. a derrick. I have written an Irish drama for the first for Providence.day. Six valnable houses and a number of fine horses In relation to the expenses of the embassy, Mr. Fourteenth-Street Road.—Steplien R. Roe, John were burned. Total loss $25,000.Harris would like to have our Government do -theStewart, Cbae. W . Lawrence,. John Kennedy, JamesCarson Valley; Barley 37]c, and other kinds of pro- visions in proportion.hope that our little drama of to-night, though, perhaps, not. mum in itself, may prove the small door to let others into a big house, and that other greater men. ofS Hunt, Charles C. Clark, John Fox, Win. Revesfcyn, handsome thing. Although he has constantly told the Wm. H. Peck, John C. Thoinpaun, Thomas Ryan, Jo-and sent to the Station-House, where they gave theirwuatm as John M. Parkar, Frederick Miller, Mrs. Japanese that our envoys always travel at the expense seph S. Craig.LATEST—By Telegraph to Fresno City.i SAN FRANCISCO, March 10—% p. m. finer genius and abilities than I possess, may hereafterNew*£2 and Mrs. Parker. . Avcnve-D Road.—John E. Devlin, Wm. A. Hal!, A btrief examination of the house was made, which of their own Government, still the Japanese haveA large Fire occurred at Tehama on the night of the give you plenty of Irish playe, which, I am certain, resultgd n the finding of cheo&icals and dies 4»f various inew-ted on payiog all his expenses which they could Cornelius Runkle, Bernard Smythe, Henry A . Clark, 9th, destroying she flouring mills situated there, will be appreciated by you, from my experience ofJrinds/Jarge heaps of bank-note paper, presses, d-es while he was at Yeddo. He says that all the coolies Wm. A. Herring, Wm. D. Marvin, John V. Coon, together wuh the grain contained in them. The mills your intelligence as American citizens, and of thefor making 5-cent pieces, and alt the paraphernalia of a coonterieiting business. Forty-three dollars of al- tered fe*ak-bil)s were a'so found.employed to c?rry his baggage on the roads were p*id by the Japanese, and while he remained at Yeddo, aWm. P. Buckmaster, George L. Thomas, Wm. H. hearty welcome you have e?erextended to everything Hays, James Murphy. and their contents v ere valued at $100,000, upon whichTenth-Avenue Road.—John T. Conover, Moses Ely, there was an insurance of only $10,000 in the ./Etna Irieh uince the country has been a country. [LoudTruman Smith, Matthew T. Br.enuan, Kufue F. An- One of the women arrested had a quantity of the period of nearly six months, his servants, guards,bear- drews, Bicornfield -Usher, Justin 1). Whir.e, John M.Company.Raw sugars are [active; sales of 1,000,000 pouudaapplause.]THEThe fact as to the origin of the panic iu the Clarkestreet Public School, mentioned in another part of to-money concealed in her stockings. For want of proper light a aiinnte examination was postponed, and the boose wiw left irj charge.of several policemen for the rest of the night.MARINE AFFAIRS.ers, and grooms, in all some 40 persons, were fed by the Japanese.In making liberal provision, therefore, for the enter- tainment of the embassy, we shall only be returningMiller, E'ijah 1). Holmes, Leonard W. braiuard. jr., De Loss De Wolf, Thomas Black.Houston-Street Road.—Job L. Black, Samuel S. Fitch, HeriryH. Winauts, Matthew B,. Greene, Samuel Biown, Wm. MeDermott, Wm. MacCaffil, FreemanChina No. 1, to speculators and the trade—the highest price realized was 8^ cents; 500 barrels of Levering'a Crunhed sold to jobbers, at 16 cents. The country de-FIRES.have already taken out $50,000 from one of t ie open-Schr. James Steele, Henry, Petersburg 4 days, ootton and flourof the navy should attend them from Panama to Wa3h-' Seventh-Avenue Road.—John Kerr, Edward P . line. The people from the northern part of the State 1 had long thought of writing a play from material master.Cowh»s, Anthony J. Hill, Hugh Smith, John 8. Hunt, iny*on. This is in accordance with Japanese etiquette; Jacob Shop, Thomas H. Tower, Petor B. Sweeney,on all his visits xo Y>:doo, Mr. Harris has been attended John B. Btibcoek, Robert Marshall, John. Kelly, ana by one of the Vice-Governors of Simoda. Jacob Hays. •are flocking to Jacksonville daily by hundreds. gathered from my native country, but this is the first A destructive fire occurred m Sacramento on Sun- time I ever tried it. Tbe story of the piece is foundedScbr. J. H Vonmans, Peterson, Washington, N. C A days, naval stores to Telfair & Horn.Schr. Messenger, Ryder, Newborn, N. C_, 3 days, cotton and navul stores to Dibble £. Bunce.Schr. Iris, Cook, Washington, N. C, 4 days, naval flares to master .Scbr. Mary P. Burton, Hazzard, Lewes, D«L,2days, com to- B. N. Fox.Scbr. Flaville, Pinkney. Elizabethport for Boston.Schr. Hurd, Pearce. Rockland ri davs. lime to master.Schr. Justins, SmHh, Rockland 7 dayn, lime to master. Schr. C. P. VVillianm, Paulkenburg, Virginia 3 days, -wood. Schr. John Tway, Inman. Virginia « days. wood. . » Schr. Alexander Lav, Wood, Virginia 8 days, wood.Schr, Henry May, Hoover. Boston, mdse. for Baltimore. Schr. T. S drier. Derby, Rondout, coal for Camden, DeL Schr. Ssrab Hibberi Pete sou, Philadelphia 2 days, COaL tUiht. Elizabeth Duvis, Long, Harwich 4 days, fish to master. S.-,br. N. Welle, Rider, Harwich 4 duys, fl«h to master.Scbr. Amanda, Smith, Rockland 6 days, lime to master. Schr. Almira Rogers, Rogers, Providence fpr Albany.Schr. Senator, , j days, rods* to master.Steamer.Potomska, Arey, New-Bedford, mdse. and pass, to Jo«oph Allen.Steamur Westchester. Jones, Providence, mdse. and pass, to LOdeu. M,,'SAILED—SleNimJ.ip* Milo (Br.), London; Circassian (Br.), GalwayjEtua (Br- screw). Liverpool; Roanoke, Norfolk, i t c ; ship Wm. Tupsoott, HverpooL 'Vv'IND—During tho day, from W . to W . S. W . »By Telegraph.SANDY HOOK, snn-et, March "9—No vessels insight out*on a fact which, as you all know, was selected by onoof the greatest of Ireland's geuiu^es, Gerald Griffin, Flour at' last accounts was selling at 25c. F lb La as the foundation for a novel. T am encouraged toman! )s somewhat.' better Provisions are weaker.HOW TO MAliLINDSAY ATBE ART OF PEl Manufactnio of P e it sWis, Dentrifices, kc.KURTFN'S RF<-E1 FACTURE OF fcOA?JNOaD'S CHFMia tauve. 8TO. *1J0 (jNORFTT'S CHEMI «4OB, much enlarged, llL. it B. Kxnr OK KAK] AJM BOOKS »eit byTEACHERS ;ui<irequiring new T< pieoald, on application,]HEW DESCOf 168vafes of Illnotiat^ Testimonials from ei t»e Union, of tneAMEKICANJneludins, t>e mo»t *o\SpslHn*. Reading, ^.rU ' r ' f W i Mu4c.Loi.jrj SS^^fJ^jsc, makinr 11^BOCTRVSSWE ^(.t^f. THjfi EDUCATION] *» T*„«her».jS^ecimm copiesof, on very liber J |IVTSOl25th inst. The following is her specie list:A. Hich & Co......... . 7,30:4,455 vjroor*••••••••»-....•••»« 1,600boring building, and becoming frightened, Bcreatnod12,(KM) 2, ICO J. Go)u>mitli & Co., 11,700WVMeyer St Co..s,. , t when, just as she stopped upon the rear stairway, a 2,000 0ScholJe U.iircu2(i,30ll• ' *»person. She struggled to free herselfHIGHLANDS, March 29, »uu»et —No inward bound vessel* in ».ight. Wind S.W., light:.we«thor cJear. -...•:.pany witli the inland mail line, via Baltimore, and ar-'*I the Jrlre Pepartment of the Third District,countryfor general merchandise.ruai.icscHoor.P ANIC.Nctwtadterk Bro 10,125 Levin© Bro...from W.-, weather bazy.FORT LAFAYET1F., sunset, March 29.—Steamship Ariel,,from Aspinwail, ship Andover, fwm New-Orleans, and one brig-7,-262..$155,110 j from his gr«sp and screamed for help, when he drew a—We have already published President Woolsey'sdenial of the statement that he said once that "he teachers or relatives about him.-.•»IMaamerw,Arc.denial is confirmed by Mr. Charlea L. Chaplain ofat a Union meeting was not accompanied by auy »ach by, ecehig the smoke, thought of course that the placeS p o k e n .{ AlfiedJCiaU, for riilwlelphitt (supposed);,=35talent for playing Irishmen—a talent hitherto unsus-cry of Jire was raised. The police have obtained a de- Kcripiion of tbe follow' who perpetrated the outrage,ftom Mobile. ., , „ Below. bri« Moria Whitrooie. from Mobile.]i | ii 1 -'--•--••'*d»»lTSBK fteV<IB IVBL18H/.BvAT turn TaiBTwie wrw Ami delivered to ( ssnksbribers $>f, ?w m ITEW-^ A VERY Li xipnbThhed tr/ttj **r auftum in aov $9; T en Copv* (• ts»y larg.r trambei Cej*oes to address *UMrate •/ s>' 2<. e twenty or morr * tfessRftsy corom<-tA d •* *r i«em ent* LAS. PER X.1NKMcNeil, Talbot, Mr. and Mrs. Boaz, Miss FarrelL Long Port; Mr. and Mrs. Johnson and iufant, Mr. Thompson, London: Mr. Socarez, The new play is quite as decided a «uccess as has J.T. and H. C. Yonry, London; Mr. and Mrs. Henderson. Mr.and have strong hopes of finding him. It is said that ' NEW-OR LEANS, March 28.—Arr. steamship Austin, frox*be bus been lurking around the school several days, but the girls who eaw him were afraid to tell theirNew-York.WASUrxOTOir, N.'C, March 23.—The sobr. David E. Wolf air. here to-day In distress, b«viuK sprung a leak off Cap* Look- Lnat night a carpenter, occupying a little chop in out ou night ol'Mtb. She has loit dock load, and sustained otherSandy Hook.pI**•••••("'ii •UaC^bAUUl •I •.-••• •••••-,a a a M < M M ( M -...,,., iwww.fultonhistory.com•MMHA^MMThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069/ 