 ,taink na«[.Ofhe** t i 5n* mit tor- ;:u>A I - tr t ^ «*Ond»Satnrd&j,S«*p<.29. .rrtoucaj, Oct. L .Taeeday,Oot.2. .Wednesday. O o t ^,;. Saturday. S»«pt 29. ..Toesday, Oct 2.Evtry one knows that the vote Of theL»gt8Jawe ot SjnthCarolinais,likebotJedals-alwa;sready. This tirxe it will be given to Breckinridge, of course. M frertooa) observations do not extend beyand the, limits of tbwe four Sta'ee.Abe" of Illinois. Asthetideofrecodeoioaback up'n the hearts of many present, yx»« o*Id # • • tb«m throw up their heads, their eyes glistea,^ breasts heave witb strong emotions. rAt the cloee, an escort was teodered him to thedar Jif the Wkre-Awakes of Hudsm City; Kr. UoArrmfA 6«ng asoojr; notice w a s given that a Wil«r4wa*» Cluo would be formed on Saturday eveoiog; aod *itk three tirote three for Lincoln and Unman, tbe meetug acj urned Wm»-AwAXJt»of- ,* •» Jfalse guano by the smell alone. I n this matter, how- ever, it is not at all safe to follow their noses; for if we take 100 lbs. of real Peruvian, add rf little lime to it, a little carbonate of ammonia, and mix them with 1,900 lbs.ofcommonyellowearth,therewillbeagreater occr of ammonia than from a ton of pure guano. Nor can we rely upon texture, although,this ia a common test applied by purohaeere, . As an instance, we quote frvm a lecture by J. C. Nesbit, a celebrated EnglishAt Cape VinoeDt, Jefferson Co,..Wednesday, Oi t 8.At Cartbsge, Jeff-rsonC<t.. ..Thcued*y, Oct -t At Copenh^g>n, Lovris Co... ..Friduy, Oct 5.At Ltwvilie, Irt-wi< Co...... ..Siturday, Oot 6.At Turin, Irewin Co ..Monday, Oct 8.At Poit Loydcn, Le»i« Co... .Taesdiy, Oct 9.At ConfitableviHe, Lewis Co. .Wedoosday, Oct 10.G*n. B. P . BRUCK will like wise speakA t Brancbport. VateB Co Thar* day, O c t 4 .At Runhville, Yot*s Co.". Friday, Oct. 5.The H«n. DANIEL ULLMAN will nitewiee speakvote for Lincoln: let, I want to ee» if our * 8#uber* brethren" wiJl reaflj dissolve the Union; as ttejr threaten; 2d, I cannot vote the Democratic ticket,for that partyis broken tip;3d,I cannotvote forjMyMarim•* o ten*,srw*'* >o«<l.&0S- •".<bea Ioatic Docks, in this fraudaljr.t manner, and h a s foood a various guano stoiage houses between Ful-onparty i&f wh>ch Booby Brooks is a manager. v'f..->••-'is iCotB>ct»trtS*a>eA.fc|Uiir»lSocietyin1857, tayt K—andtothismustbeaddedeom<>thingmoreforstor-l'«isuccessfultrials. IIii«loftheearns,textureasthe phoricacid;whiletherewasonlyaboutthree-fourths cf 1 per cent, of ammonia. Such guano as this would phosphoriteofHurdstowa,NJ.,itcannotbehighly beworthtothefarmerabout$3450pertun. Allthat.esteemed, for, howevt-r tiuch phosphate of lime it mayoontfcin, tbe fact that it ii in a crysaline form, like is sold as American guano is not so good as this eample, quartz reck,makesitio«ohnleandpracucelly worth- forProf.Johnsonanalyzedaspecimenwhichhadonly7.9 per cent, of phosphoric acid, and consisted ohiefly of less. There are nome ch •mists, who aetert that thesa sulphate of lime, o r common plaster.influence becomeBlessaodlose every timeof its applica- blcDemocrats would be small.) A fierce hosdlity istion,whenemployedalone. Themosteconomicalway gpingonbetweentbetwo•'wings"w'aichisgoingtoof using this fertilizer is as an adjunct to stable manure, n jure the chances for reelection of tbe pree?nt R*pre- or in conjunction with such matters as shall supply to seututive of this (Capita)) District, S S- Cox, who-iss.-. SNo.34Cliffstreet(thepersonreferredtobyProf.. neescftbePeruvian.Government." TheweightiaAt Mlbdl*-to«vD •-AtBuffalo.saauLet.aa<*i1856,whe»«|r«*n©calledIchahee,ofa dift*c*«t odor and textaifc, w imported-from what place, w e cannot say.P;o<vwor8ant»*lw-Jehnson,ia M»report tothehadayrtrjJxaprtm^^s Jpp-*rawe,b-iriirmixedwith nodifticul'yingettinganyamountfromonetuatoone AtAroca ,tbe empty bags, and ,one person of our acquaintance StProentx, 08<v*go^...i..nraccwwwsendand&§0i •**«Ua*feathers. A bundled,ormore,offeredtoasforlessmoney.For hasbeenoffered12toL5centsapieceforthem,ormore •AtIfvjttttevile. sample which be pnicur»| of the a«ent, A. Longeu instance, William Morrison of No 25 Palioa street, than they cost when new . Each bug of Peruvian At Aaiht6'd»mof Cnff **»•*» W ' - H H ° ° te* •**»» 66 per *fll sell us a single ton (of 2,240 pounds) for $61; guano, when stored, is weighed and stamped thus: At Oneida. Depot... 1ftndoemp«io»| few pfooee**! to s^eak of * • « £ • wil ttfrewse be carried for tbe former, the result is dtfau* in tfae n«Mf their pergonal ouaraeteK, W «»•phot^phatecfl.me.'Liedt.Koox.formerlyoftheU. ferencebetweenthese"American"guanosandthe"Pe-S. Navy, but now a*tistant aoperintendent at the ruvian" sort. The latter comes from a latitude where island, has estimated its cabic conteuts of guano at rain seldom falls, and hence the ammouia and nitro-3,493,000 tone. Toe prc<iess of quarryiog aod blasting •withgunpowderhastab&resorudtotogetoatthearenotwashedout,butremainforouruse.So,likewise,guano, and in lamps it is bioagit to this country, wben it is ground ia a soil able mill before it is fit for use, Xf the phosphate of I Kme should prove to be as soluble as it is claimed io be, this guano is a real acquifirion; but wbether it be so or not, time alone can demonstrate.The "8wan Island" ftpaano, of which some fewdo the soluble phosphates and other soluble matters. The "American" guanoes, on the contrary, are found in a rainy region, and while the guano, when first de- posited by the birds,, w as as good as that from the Cl inchas. tbe rains of ages have washed the more sol- uble portions into the ocean, and the residuum contains only a small proportion of plant-food which is readyexamined in order to test the uniformity and reliability of its composition. The analysis should be repeated every year, so that all improvements or deteriorations in manufacture may be kept pare with. The results should be published in the organ of the Society, so that all its, members may be informed what are g»od fer-November..."'.'. THE CAUSE 1ST OHIO.L. A. W.cargoesh*vobeenimp<rted,isfoundonanislandin frimmediateusebytheplant. Thegreat-balkof these washed goanos is phosphate of lime, a most val-the Caribbean Sea, in lat 17- N., loo. 83° W . I t is, uable material. In one specimen examined by Prof.tilizers, and what are trash.Peruvian guano has been found useful on all crops.we befieve, of a crystaHce nainre, and quite like stone. Of k s agricultural value jwe cannot speak understand^ ingly, for we have not Bean it tested, nor known ofJohnson, there was found 83 per cent, of phosphate of lime, equivalent to no lees than - 38 per cent, of phos-effects have been most folly tested. ;Oa very rich soils,it of coarse fails to remunerate the farmers. On verypoorsoils,itworksmiracles;but,asbeforeobserved,itsa tbadow of success. Tbe supporters of Breckinridge are by far the mott respectable class of Democrats, but in numbers they are small. ( \ s a matter of course it wou'dnecessanJyfollow,thatthenumbero^rcapecta-reck guanos and phosphates"cony t>e, reudered solubleand valuable as manu-e ;by jreaciog them with sul-AMERICANphuric acid; but,wemiuiray, w»havelittlefoithinfche aesertion. I t is uaid that mush of this a c d other per cent, will be "actual," or ready for immediate use,who owned a crushjni mill bougpt th e rock in portion of phosphoric acid.lumpsasitcame,crashedittotherequisitefineness,and then treated it in thi* manner. B e spread a thicklayer of it on the floor, sjiriakled a small proportion ofgeotrine Peruvian over it and mixed the two thorough- season. Tbis fact will account for,the rapid adoptionly together; then ahotbe r layer and another dose of cf this fertilizer by English fanners. Ths " American" Peiuvian were added, a d so on. It is thought that guaiioes acting but elowly even when finely ground,^duricg the past two years he thus mixed nearly or quite 3 000 tuns, selling t a s genuine Peruvian, a n d of course made a very lar ^e profit-Anotber of these " m. loipnlatore " a t Baltimore issaid to have realized £43.000 in one year. Theamount of swindling io|guano which is practiced isperfectly astounding, an< really we are a t a loss toknow how h can be pre'rented. Tbe guano sent fromtbe Chinches by the PeJuvian Government to theiragentsat New-York anI Baltimore is eold at suchprices that dealers*cao ;hake verj little profit onit.The demand for the aruck being eo great, an almostirreeii tible temptation is iffered t^ be dishonest, siacean ar a don of fifty or seventy-five per ceat. of yellowloam of a proper color land consistency, or of cheapCoMjwc tm. ofiBr» kl>«, OMtu ,BreckinridgesadBeit,but,tVug*IbeUsrsthatState not so dfsHy wrtUo s* it is ia <fce otb©r 8tU«« I haveMSINKUIIU,atthe Oo „ .Petuvjan in lots of ten t m s for $60, the "loog" tunvian, owing to a w j Jarge admixture of sand, as of 2,240 pounds, charging 50 cents extra for cartage. member tl is'fact, and they'will not need to be imposedAt Canaan, Colombia Co At Fcvt Arntowns and villages. Some counties in &<»orgia andAlabama do not contaiu a dozen Douglas meu each,«n<J the proepectBof Mr. Douglas cauoot inproveiuth'sr*-cr'«oa. Theallegedreguifcrityofhisnoroiuatiou Btrgtn, A'.J„S«ptW,1060whatever upon it beyond these. Let our readers re-well astotheleaching and evaporation ofthe John Mooreof No..193Front street, willeell uponbypersonswhoadvertisetheme•Ivesasimport- At9*»r]yH1Uguano, the quality of vihich WM inferior to PeronftiogtnooepoTtk»m»bythealternateheavyrainsandhotsttoetowcichithad |e*o exposed Sach of it asline to this port was veiy fall of feathers, but wasreckoned a good guano. |Tb* last cargo w a s weighed $56 and the long tun, of 2,240 pounds, for $61, deliv-ersofPeruvianguano. Notatunofgaauoisim- ported into this country, except by the Government's agent*, and any bags stamped as " imported" b y pri- vate individuals should be looked upon a s swindling frauds.AtGlfn'»Foils....-.AtNorth Chatham * At.Cohoes.. »..Friday,Oct5.. •-..Snttnd-ty,Oot6.•••• -Tuesday, Oct 9."WILL NOT B E FUSED.;at the Atlantic Docks, eight or nite years ago; bat la* ytartwoor three curgoe* of bogns Patagoni*n were imp* r*ec, *bich, after remaining a long time in store Sr*ib found a purchaser j|n a Baltimore "manipulator,"' sxd went Sooth to be mixed with a small proportion of genome Peruvian, and scId as the >esl article. On* cargowasnuxedinaprivatewarehouseiotheAtlan-speakunpopular hire. They and Mr. Douglas are assailedin many quarter*, in the same spirit of denunciationand itvective that ohitracterrz^s the usual treatmeot ia have three good reasons tor giviog my first RepahUo«« thin section, of Republicwi doctrines at d loadW Re-publican*; whilehisdoubled<ctrinethatthepeopleofaTerritory may dtcioe for thenuelvee whether they willhave Slavery or net, and yet that it i* the province oftbe Supreme Court to drcide whether they shall hiveit or not is seen to involve a palpable cootradictiou,atd is therefore deemed rioiculoufely absurd. Thereare other reasons why it cannot be expe<*ted that pub-1-c cer>time nt in the South bhould s&t iu favor of Mr.Dougla?.market- Fromarec-»ntitrticle: io TheJournal ofthe American.Gtographical k»d Statutical Society, we kanftbat, up to 1853, there had been takan to England 73,485 tune of Patagoniau guano. ,More rec*utly than the ratagoni-m a pboshpatic guano has been imported into thi* country frum the C*ribbeat Sea under the name of '* Sombrero Guano," and quit* a large quantity has beeii thrown into market. Tbit substance occurs in the fa»xn of a hardened deposit (notorystafice. like the pooijphorite of New-Jersey and£Hrsmadara, but Bke hard-hnked' pipe-clay), on anielaxd in Int. 18° 3d\ l b 63° 3C, audvay betweenAogn 11a and the Virgin j;Islands. The color of the" Sombrero" i«j very ditfifrwnt from thai of Peruvian OTother <• aaaoee heipg a li tbtdrab eotbiU it would seemPerry and the Atlantic Decks. In the docks and in v*riouB warehouses along shore, a l l t h e guano imported by the Peruvian Government is weighed and •tored. and all or nearly all the* "manipulators" (or adulterators) of guano cluster naturaHy about theirI am, Sir, A N IR18H-AME1UCAN DY.HOCB.Kl. . A CARb FROM JUDGE BEEBE.the "short" tun {2.000pounds) at $56,and give 30 days' time. Joha McNally, of Nos. 195 andS'ed at a ra>lroad depot in the city; and there may be other generous souls who would make even better terms. Let farmers draw their own conclusions. If they wish to satisfy themselves a s t o the nature and extent of the guano sdukerations praoiiced her»>,let them go over to Brooklyn by the Fulton Ferry,follow alongtheshore, andlookintothe••..•Werfnr>ed*y.Oot.3.. At'Cbestortown. Warren Co, ..Tharsday, Oot 4.hasbadalltheir-fla-uceandeffoctinhisbehalfthatit (an have. Theaesbmpt'di that hecaabeattusR»- pol>licans is seen tofeeaboard, aod even if it w«re ad- mitred to be true, it would not operate etdarively ia197 Water street, offered us the single short tun for4,,• '«$'prey.chasedtheir stores, and two or three times its bulk in phoa- phatic guanos or yellow Band being added, the whole becomes " Peruvian."At Wurtsboro, Sahivan C o . At Woodborne.............. At We^field Flats..........At LibertyAt RobiDaonvilleAt BetKlAt Foreetborgh..... AtMrmioeUo . . . . At Sbawbngurk.. At Pitrmont..... At Owcgo........ At AddiBon..At HornelliiviUe.. At AUnond AtNunda....At Dans-viUo..Monday afternoon, Oot. L ..Tuesday arVrooon, Oct 2 . ..Wedoeeday afternoon,Oct 2. ..Wednesday evening, Oct 3..Thursd vy afternoon, O o t 4. Thursday evening, Oct 4. Friday sfte noon, Oct'S. Friday evooi g, Oct 5..Saturday afte-noon, Oct 6. .Monday, Oct 8.lican Judi.iary Convention in some of the papeffi «T to day. I am repotted »s using some harsh exprnwiw toward Mr. Sfencer. 8ach was not my inteniiam, a s r was it tbe fact; on the coatrary, I seated that M r. Spencer was my persoral friend, agJustwh^ee dhsr- acter a r d ktepri'y I knew nothkg. b u t In W&OM favor I ko«w much after many yea-s of acquumtaae*,I c a n only account for the error from my having said, in substance, in the course of my reaiarks that M r, Spent er s prac ice, havmg been principally crafiaed t e tbe crimir al courts, while it would maka no differe ace with those who kaew him, by tnoasand* who did R«4A certain quaatity of genuine Peruvian is pur- a n d transported o n trucks or carts directly togeotJenen lore•«towhich<.f tb*se eamolesisthe beat [Mr. Nesbit then handed to th« cheirmah »p olmena of t«o kindsof guano, requesting him to state, af.er etattining taem. which h e would propoanoe tbe best. The ohalnmn having selected the one which he conceived ihe best.^the 1-ctar r oontlnaod: Well; now, thi* which owr chairman has seleoed as the b^st guano, ia tbe one which is adulterated; and i co; tains ha f its weight of Ese+xnurl. [The lecturer then »xhibited, in a bdttle the pro- portion i f ssnd to genuine gnoco ia th e t w o samples showinf that in tbe guano welch the chairman h«d oonslderrd t e best, .the sand and other worthies* huo'uble mate/i-il constituted more than one-half of the whole-] In th» gu-ino whioh our Pres- ident thought best, there is 58^ per oent of Bind, though it waa sold as genuioe.*•Tbe mode of miring this sample ii clever and peculiar. Tb«In August, 1856, CoDgreee passed an act for the en- couragement and protection of Americans who should discover unclaimed guano deposits. In about two years and a half afcer the passage of thi* law, forty- oine guano islands have been discovered in the Pacific Oceaa, near the equator, and taken possession, of by-Sntarday, Oct 13. .Monday, Oct 15. .Tue>da», Oct 16....Wednesday, Oct 17. Thursday. Oct 18.Friday, O c t 19. ..Saturday, Oct 20..a poor article to mix wiih Prrovian, witb iutent tc Americans. Of these, two—Baker's Island and Jar- whole of the guano ard marl are not mixed together at once, bu<defraad. 'Varioas emiu^t cbe<ni*ts have pron >onceo th* large lun-pH being picked out of 4b> genuint- guano, the small vis's Iskmcl—have been claimed b y t b e American is thoreughiy mixed with tbe mai4, and theu the unbr >*en Iarg« itremarkablf richinohtewboric acid, io union witb GuanoCompany;andHowland's,Maiden's,andahost lumpsofguanoarecarefullyadded,soasnottobreakthem.Ttw whole, therefore, has ve'y muoh the appwaiar.ee o f good guano." lime, generally f,Jaci»g ijlas righ a* 80 per ceot. Its of others, by the United States Guano Company, The In fact, the sole reliable test of the value of gaanoeipecuiitjr mechaxicel «extpts i.- tacb tbut it wool 1 seem quantity of gnnno on these several islands is doubtlessoapabf-<ofsp*edysolni<fnintbeK>U,andhenceof verylarge,andgoodfaunitiestxietatsomeforshipsto orothercommercialfertilizersisohemicalanalysis.rapid appropria i ' n oy t | e plant. Whether euch is obtain it. A number of safe harbors are said to have The matter has really beccme of such national impor- aotualiy tbe ca*e we cannot say, for tie guano has tance th&t special laws should be passed to protect cou-W. R. Bsxsa.muchjustice,wearenotable tosay. Onthe forty- six it-lands b<longing to the United States Company, there are supposed to be 10,000,000 tuns of good guano. We are informed that there have beep brought:B j ahip« already arrived, tome twenty, from Island*diaeovere»d ana token po*w*aion o f under th« law o fCospreM of Aug 1°, 1&5«. i n the Pacitia Oceaa 23,000 tutu By ships now loading, on their way, and under oharter,tectthemverywelL Inthisoountry,itwouldbewell Republicanmajorities;and insure Lyman Trumbull'sas such claim to occupy a patriotic position in view of all other paniee. W e deny that a n y necessity h a s arisen for the organization of another bodvto fill ths pace of the/American National party of 1856. We re- pudiate tbe aorhomy of certain u«settled and disap-trom said islands Total'hae already taken this important step and found great good resulttherefrom. TheScoietyshouldemploya trustworthy chemist to analyze," every year, all thewasenthusia^icly g«eeted by ab ut 5,000 cidzeus of the countf, why listened for two hours and a h»lf with wrapt atternion, inter Upted by bursts of applaugeI-tefoie the foaioD o f the anti-Republicans i n !New- York, it WKSa most nnivera-ly conceded here th*t Lin- t oln -would b* electedj » n d this, I find, ie the general belifBtil. Aod j e t there is oDly now an<i theu onewho advises, in tbat event, the splitting of anything butrails. Inthe<arlypaitofthe'campaignmanyof tbe Breck'xrridge men openly thre*tened to h>aye thirgs to thunder, and to be&kou chaos to come again it ttey couldn't get t?e piofeciion to Slavey thut thiyOur readers must remember that there is a vas; dif-the prowssibn w a s formed, consisting of. speaker's analysis be made, not on samples forwarded by the c»rriage, Wide Awakes, ladies and geu'Ietnen onhorse- dealers,ornianrjfacturedespeciallyforanalysis,buton back,carsoflittlegirls,farriers'carriages,wagons, specimens procured by farmers themselves, such as dec'., altogether fornung a procession nearly three milasshall represent fairly the article that is spread upon the leng. In tte evening 500 Wide Awakes paraded the stitet8 with their brilliant torches, closing theexercis-sfields.'_ These samples should be procured from differ- of the day witb a beautiful pageant; This was a glori- entplaces,andthesamemanureshouldberepeatedly ousdayforO.dTazewell,andonewhichwilltellingenous (amujonia-making) ingredients of tbe bird-dunga>k*d.* B u t nost of ibem have chioged all that, and New-York, to continue fi m with ns. in the rauksof thatnowclaimUtbeUnionmenparcxcdLnee.Theynow ol'1atdtri'dGuardwi^chearnedtheStateeleetioMia t .ort the Dcvgtasites with Disunion, and the latter 1£56, and but 1or iucomtetent management, and «a-1b.-usqu^Jy g;ve them lit lor tat. I have frequently 1 oked-for 1reachery might have maicitain«dits i&tegri- beHzathe qutsion 88<?*d recently, by strong .panisaas, ty aid coneclidate-d its power.ofltbeir < pp< nents," Would you advise secessioaif Lia- Fellow-Americans! We h-tve been too long Usso ? oolnisel^cvd?' Itisnoticeahie taatthi<qutstionis Wehavebeenmadethefootbillofigoorauce,andtbe amot always put by a ptrson of oue par<y toa person too) of cutninfr. W e have heed shif.ed as a par^tof a d ffeienc party, and in a tone of sarcastic aadacity frcm pla-ft rm to ph>tform—expoasd for sale, in poiisieaiibat sterns to imply, " TTou dare not answer in the ebamb'ea, and divided for the benefit of compering pur-bffirmative." I have, in a few iastances, beard it an- chasers. It is time this euicidal policy sh>aldoe«s»f swered affirmatively, but it is commonly met with au aid the American General Committee of the Ci y ofemphatic No; sometimes with the remarx that it will be New York resove tnat so fa • as they aud their con- well to wait for Lincoln to commit au overt act. and Btituencies are concerned, 'it shall cease!eometimee with prevaricating, equivocal o r ooniitionai Wre indorse a 1 patri t i c declarati n s heretofore r e - axswerr. If Mr. Lin. o'n is electee he wi'l assume the corded as the voice of the Americaa party. We repeatduties of the Prei-ideucy in peace aod quiet Tue most its demands for a beneficial reforai iu ourn&taral'satis* theSonihwilldowilloetolethia'al.ne. Perhaps systemajustandahberalsupervisionbyGorer*-they wnl do this pretty severely at first, but time and nert of our pubiic wo ks, a reetrictioa of mouopoHeeafilmbttaoderatepolicywillwinforhimandhis ofallkinds,arigideconoayiupublicexpenditures,a administration, fntucu aud good opinions among many fostering protection of American labor and indos'ry,Peruvian guano, .on tbe other hand, contains an average of 15 per cent, of ammonia, of whioh about 9Correspondence o f The N. 1. Tribune.MIDDLETOWN, N. T., Sept. 26, i860.Dr. Joseph D . Frietd, American canoidate for Con-gress in tbis (Xth) d'Stric. two years ago, and a promi-nent and leading pohtician cf that party, last even ng,at a crowded and enthutfiastic Republican meeting, i arock guanoes has been mixed by private persons in and 6 per cent. " potential," orderivable from the sub--the Atl wtic ti >ree with Intent to defraud. O u e m a n stances oontained in the guano), and about the same pro- seed when carekssly applied; hence it should be wellThe ammonia a n d solublewonderful stimulating effect upon crops, and the good effects of Peruvian guano are often shown in a singlephosphoric acidhave aafrank manly,andeloquentspeech,acnouncedhisintention to support Liwcoin and Hamlin, aud de- to avoid or postpone a contest of principles. A t th eNEW-YORK. DAULY TRD3UNE, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, I860.9sou with sow* of the " tricks of the trave," this fraud seems very innooeat Many a hundred tons of common cirt has been sold at three cent* the pound in company with a email modicum of real gaauo, aod under theguaranty of genuine guano bags. It i« well to remark thattf.it.bogusarticle~#»oftVed»t$40pertan,audage,inter*stand.utaa'anoe.' Andyetwehavef.and thattberetailersofgenuineguanoareappliedtofor cols,H&.a>)in,andthiGoodCause,asfollows:Cwt-ajp V>l***jr.>otfc..p«r ttm... asodoair »t*tot«-Total*...........................................,.^e*l>3POLITICAL LNTELLIGEiNCB.©eot of cand and mr»«e ' insoluble io acid (and oun- and fn-m ten to fifty tuns and upward for $60, givingja-oeotV wortnlew asimanure), and wag worth asthreeorfourmonthstopaytbebill1 A.Longettof tbe Uniied8tates byBamlBros.,AgentsforConsig-U,ihaf-rmer o»ly $IS p-r tun. •Next in order to th+f Ichaboe, csme Patagouiaz, Johnson as agent for Ichaboe guano), offers us beat slso marked on the bag, aod t^-ere is no other mark Tbe Bon. CUARLKS L. BEALE ^ill'l kewiee speak Especially *s this tbe case ia the oautrv, oat of t i eCHICAGO, Saturday, Sept. 22, I860. Happening at Springfield'.'III., yesterday, the home of the Ke .uolican candidate for President, an hour was We know of one firm who sold about;fifty tuns of pleasantly passed at his room in the capital. Daring that hour, visitors ladies and geot'emeo; called upon him fromalrxosr. every State) i a t h e Union; a n ! we were all greeted wi.h a.most:cordial welcome by thisa9 Sherman, Corwin, Wade, Bingham, Trimble and Gsliow ay to represent her interests in the Congress of the United States.ence aad candor. He was followed by S. W. Fuller- ton, eeq., in dtcidedJy oie of the beet speeches of thstbey have not been received into favor as rapidly as if their virtues were easily seen by uncbemical' farmers.campaign.. M. D. S.''Warranted No. 1 Peruvian guano. Imported intoMJri/vrMM • • • • » • * • • • • • • • • • • • * At Nmvburgh...........^'..:..Tbe privvailibg opinion here i* that Mr. Doorrlas will gHnoSoatbernState,oratmost,none butMissouri- Wkurevtr IJavebeenhiestrengthisweaknessitsslf.At Adams, Jefferson Co., •Monday, Oot L Many persons suppose that they can tell true from At Antwrp, JerlVr.on Co .Tuesday, Oot 2.agricultural chemistHe says:•A t Somor*. Weatchester Co....Saturday, Sept 2V.Ths argument here has measurably harrowed downto acompa«i*on of the fidelity of the diffe eat candi-dares to tne interests and requirements of 5'avery. Iwill especially and brieflyre er only to the argument*-tion of the suppor ers of Mr. B-dL Toc«5 woo nomi-Tjaied tbis geotiea an ad«pted, and all wh->support hinare presumed to have accepted, the pretentious thoughindefhiie a i d supefloous motto, '• Thi Coattiiation,the Union, and the En'orcement of the Laws " Theremay be handr« da or thouaands of g^od, honest peoplewho advocate Mr Bell's election ia the shadowy beliefthat. he understands tbe Constitution better, values theUnion more bigfa'lv a n d would adainister t h s lawsmore wisely andftuthfully than any one e'se; that tuechara ter of the support given turn is determined bythe im> gintd import of a high sounding phrase, andthat hissdminstration would be characterized byaconservative, thtugi h:eral and high-toned policy, thatwould I ave no occa«ion,for the contention for priuci-pies aid the'party suites which now agitate tae coun-try. However that may be, here the sabstance of theargument in hhvavor is, that his person<J intdrest^.arethoroughly jdentified «ith, the interests of S'Averj;tbatthe principle* which ui.de«lie 4< the insti u-ion"have been incorporated into his educatioa and hishabits of thonght; a n d tbat b e h*s committed himselfonrteeivtdly to <he policy of ditfusicg aud exteudiugSlavery, and to the doctrine that the Consti;ution oar-riee Slavery into the^Territoriee. a n d th«t thereforeslave propeity must be protected there by the Courts,tr by whatever department of Goveromeut caa Conveniens, deem it our duty to address a few words mostdirectlyandeffectuallygiveitprotection.Ifhe is what the entire body of hi* sap? rtersh»rererreSentbuntobe—ifheis to be.judgedb; theextracts from his cpeechee and writings, which are con-Btaritiycirculatingiothejoarnatsiahisinterestaere— serving law-abiding,andfreedom-lovingciciz-ms;aat if he entenaii.s the vie *s which tuose wao cla?m to b epersonally acqaaime? with him attribate to aim, he isa thorough aovecate of a tou;se which, if adop ed. mustThe campaign in Central Illinois is carried on by the Republicans with a degree of ardor and enthusiasm b?en found, but at some of the islands there is only a eumere against fraud. Every one of these " special unsurpassed by any campaign ever witnessed. If theseFKLI.OW-ELKCTORS: W e, the members of the American General Committee of the City aud Coaaqr of New-York, in issuing, pursuant to the Constituttoa of our organization, a call for the usual Npmiaatingonly bteta in market thrtjb years. It m*ete with pecu- good lee. There are not many severe etorma in that manures " ehould be sold with a guaranty that it coa- doubtful cr.untifcs, "which two years ago wer<s carried liar favor wi*h tt.e' la'gif Soothe n Srm«, w ho m ix vicinity, but scmetknes the roll of the Pacific, after aPemvisn with phoepha ib guanoes, and hooeetly sell distant 8lorm, is very powerful eo much eo about a tains eo much ammonia, and so much of other i"gra- .for Mr. Dougla?, are not Republicinized this Fall, itdients, and, on. discovery of fraud, the customer should will net be for lack of exertion and systematiccaa- thecompoundunderi<sfr<pername.Si-cetheisland vearagoastodestroyanexpensivewharfwhichone haveampleI*galredress,hiGreatBritain,tileg?eat vassingontbepartofthefrieudsofFreeLab*r.came into American p««t§-wion, three yt-a-e ago, the of the companies had built for ihe shipment of guano. Tazewell, Peoria, Fulton, Mason! Menard, and C*ssto the yet faithful members of Councils which we rep- resent.demand in thi**couniTy f<|r its gnaoo drpo-ics has rieen fwn 2,800 tuts the fin»t|ye-r to 20.000 tbe present year; atditisquiteimpfo^a^le t^atanymore than this quantity could be abooally supplied, because of there beirg no harbors a»»d only t w o anchorages a t buoys a fourth of a mile 'from ehore. W e learn tha4 the force employed in mi|iog and shippiog the guano consists of 20 white men];200 £r*e negroes, and abont adozen fort men, under tfcle direction of a superintend- ent and assistant. A ch|mi«t is also resident upon tbe island, employed to analyze all theca-g^s shipped, and send none which d o n o t contaiu 70 per cent, ofTbe quantity on Jarvis'B and Baker's islands is esti- agricultural socie\ies appoint eminent chemises to ana- counties, two years ago, were all for Senator Douglas mated by the Company at 2,500,000 tune—wiih how lyze manures for their members and in thin way pro- with small majorities. In Novemoer tney will jriveWe declare tbat Americans are National, Unioa-con-to modify the plan to some extent. Our farmers havenot so much capital employed in their busirjess as theBritish farmers, and hence, instead of their paying forthe analysis themselves, the expense should be bornereturn to the Senate.Last Saturday the HOE. Owen Lovejoy, the eloquent champ n of Central IIlirjois and the man whose im- passioned e'o'qafxice is converting thousands from Doag-retult in the extension of Slavery to the Territories bythe countenance ancr sanction of the General Govern-meet. If be has gor>ias, information, coossrvatism or pri>tcd pol'ticiuna in the Sute to pledge America- uof statesmanship, that, little circumstance is igaortd o r un-known in thte<- la itudes.by the agricultural societies. Tha Connecticut Society lasism to tbe KepnoJicanfctbndard,addressed tbe ps-opTe of O ld T&zewell for the fi.iso time. H is appearancetlis city to tbe support of any Presidential candidate not plh( ed in n'nxioa'ion bv an American N -»uo aal Ce»- v^ntion. We rebuke tbe Na*i»nal Executive Commit- tee for its neglect to call such a National Conveotte^ asd we cbaigesomeof its members, in connection witk Erastus Br< oks of thiB Sta'e, of au endeavor to break up tbe Aaerican party and transfer its votes ia mass tothefrup(,ortofMesrs.Be1andEverett,neitherof v h'm is favorable to cur principles or progres*.We call upen Americans throughout the State of.12,000 tun*...25,000 tuna various manures thit come into, market. Lev the which «oald not be'restramed. A t 11 o'clock, a. m .,NEWARK, Ohio,Sept.21,1860. Political affairs i n Ohio a r e assuming a positive shape. The campaign is opened in earnest, and all pie- ties are rallying to their various standards, and putting forth their best energies. Next to Lincoln, Dauglats's numerical strength is the grea eft, although hia most It is, however, • especially upon grain-crops that its eaDguine supporters do not admitthe possibility of eventhe soil those conditions of vegetable nutrition, viz., alkalies, sulphates, Sec, in which itis deficient. The carbonate of ammonia resulting from the decomposi tion-of the guano exercises a powerful solvent effect upon the soil, and hence hastens the use of its stores of plant-food.claaees of the Southern people, and tolerance aud re- bU unicmt rom-sit g American nationality at hone a«4 thecandidateofthe Douglas wing, and who byhs spectfromallbutcarpugand disappointedpolitic!tus. abroad ard tbespeedy settlementof a'lquests>osefwaveriDg ano erratic course has forfeited the respect of the better portion of hia constituents; ani we nopeto place in his stead the Hon. Simnel GJloway, who needs no recommendation, a s his manly and consistent ccuree speaks better than personal eulogies. T h e Breckinridge candidate ia Taomas Sparrow, who will draw la*gely from Cox's vote.The Rt publicans are wide awake, and will make a pulverized and mized with twice iss bulk of dry earth, determined effort, and expect to assist the Administra-tion of Abe Lincoln by sending suck men as G-alloway coal-ashes,plaster,orsomesimilarpowder,inorderto toreprefc-nt,tbeminthenextCoogr<-ss. ThevetoofmY.F O Rpoli ical moment, in the Union, by the Uui >a, and fee the glory, peace, and p«rpetui<.y of the Union.Finally, fellow Ameri ^tcs I we leave it with yo*r- selvee, according to the action of our Stat* C»macil, %m take SDC> courte in regxrd to the pending Presid-atUt electicn as your individual conscience* shall dicttte. Tbat tbere is no d stincrive American ticket b>-fora the country if not the fault of our organization, bat of thoe* who would tratsfer its votes t> another party. B « t treie aie injues < f vita' moment involved in thsp>liti«a of tbe y6ar 18t0. which y o u , a s Americans, cauaot ignore. Itisnotthepartofbravemen,butofcowards,m » ^So caustic is this fertilizer that it often destroys theinsure equal distribution. •MR. LINCOLN A T HOME.Correspondence of The Missouri Democrat.the Homestead bill has helped t i e cause in the people a r e determined on a.Protective a rcdr« ss of grievances;Ohio, Tariffand andnounced with scorn the con-opt bargain and sale ofpreset t h( ur we are cailed upan as a nation, to d-ciie what bba'l be our governmenal potior ia Territories; whether the millions of acres of pu^hi latds owusd by these United S'ai.es, io common, si Jl be thrown opea to white men or to negrots—'o free labor or to sUve labor. You hove stutiec the Cons itu ioa 1 You havs p-meed vie record of o u r cou >try'B long struggle t o establish a fn-e rspublic ! Y ou have compared the F'ogr- ss ot Frte Stot<s with that of Slave Stat<>« sows our Cos ettntion was adopted 1 You are interested, a s Americans in bequeathi- g to pcst>-ri y a patrimoay v hi. h they can tojoy *s freemen, and devote to ro- U'un»rat#d indufiry 1 Understanding your duty a o d in'^-reet cs.Aueiicans, you require no counsel, as v#a brooi nc dictatioi', concerning >our Presidential votes.this guano to their customers last year, hut not apound h a s been ordered this season, although thesesame parties have renewed their orders for Peruvianguano. Mr. Carpenter stated receotly at the Fanners' represented, showing that the high esteem in which ehaoow never grow less We have occasion co rejoice Club in this city that American guano had failed to Mr. Lincoln is held, ia confined to no section of the over the proepect before us.; Our Slate is being c*n- produce any effect upon his land; and numerous other Union. Mi. L.'s hoalsh and spirits are excellent; and vatf ed by men in whom tbe people have confidencd, andHOW IT WORKS.though not quite so embrowned a s when canvassing instances might be adduced to show that the effect of the State with M r. Donglas, he is "less h-aa thanasked, pointing to his Douglas badge, <lDo you still We leave it, therefore, with your judgment and con- sciences. • "tnis fertilizer, although possibly it might be great usual, and certainly looks as though hs would in tbe long run, was not easily recognizable in onephoefcbatic guano, canmjjt b e discovered except b ychemical analysis. Let aj man ertablish a holiness of genuiut enperphosphate, perhaps, but their action i« very {<dr, hid opponf nts. That he'will-imitate any of them inmany calves.WHAT SBOULD BE DOSTE.TotheEditor qf TH*If. Y. Tribu*.*.v.saytwothoosand tans peran*um.hevery/oonseesthat by the ase of l^am, <i|r rock guane, he caald makeforth*undissolvedguanoproducesinaseries •I years as good curethereby,isentirelyoppoeedtothetrueandnoblehappiesteffoxts.. Hewasfolowedb;tee Hon.Thos. Corwin, who made such an effort as only he c*n make. Next came Frank Blair of Mo., wno made decided y the btst speech that baa been made here thie campaign. He spoke over two hours, a n d Bhowed t h e laboriogh\$40,000or$50,000ayear' while byan honest course solubility. Soiltndbe would make only $*A0or $1,000, and in too manych ot •hi re- the rapidity with which outlay for these phospliatic guanos reappears in tnecrops. Ury »uu*uau m j WMUI» « O uiwrnwiBi appears in the crops. Ury soil* and dry seasons are unfavorable soils moist and abundant in kumu*. moat favorable to their, fallSIK: A rsadiog room should be established in eireryeasesexecutionofthefiaudfollowsswiftlyafterits action.Iftheguanoesarecoarseandritty,liie'Sombrero,' concept ion. . either grh ding or sulphuric-acid most employed to get aneconomical xesult." .classesthedegradingeffectotslavelabor.Ihavehot schooldistrictiuPenhaylvaoiaandNew-Jerseyimme-timeto enterinto-derail; sufficeittosaythattromis- sion of Frank Blair into Ohio has not been in v-iin.crop J as t h e same money wpent for superphosphate. I n oth«r wt rds, mote in quaniity fully compensate* inferior quality as to" eKirat". o f conrw*. have great effect uponmodesty of >he man. This alone Bhould make him the choiceofth«people. Ofcource,withhiscorrectview of -his matter, we'will not expect to see him at our Fair,'and be has wri ten to its managers accordingly. IsMr.LincolnafraidtogoSouth1.Xtfooabit.ofit.As wo supposed, there'is not a word of truth in tbe.story of his declining to visit his birthplace iu Kentucky foren,""and lift up hia voice against Slavery w erever it man of the people. Not a £State hut has thus been exists. We.n^ed jost such men as'Clay, and m-iy h aCorrespondenceofTheN.Y.Tribune.HUD30K-8T., New-York, Sept. 25, 1860.This morning, an old rier.d of mine, w h o thu* far btd .farId out for Douglas, c^me in the store, when Ithe result, will be shown in next November.I have just witnessed one of the largest and most »n- not easily wither and dje, even in the hotbed tbnsiHStic political demonstrations ever held in thns dis- of tbe President's bouse. So. far as the .neces- trict. At a very early bonr the honest yeomanry mig'atpersJBV in wearing that thing, in the face of ' H., S. Ac T.'s'bargain ? ' He very deliberately took a pair of scirsore, and, cut«ing it olf, threw it aside, saying, " I followed Dougia* witb pleasure; but to go with this motley, ' rivg-streaked and speckled'' crowd I won't. I frball vote for Lincola and Hamlin.' I tbiuk he spoke the sentiment of thousands of the voters of So w- Yoik who don't care to be bought and sold like soBut jn the matter of 8 ate ard local polities we b")g you to consider the imporance of extreme prude&oe. As An. e»ions, y< ur firdt duty is good citizenship; year primary object the ekctiou of hours",ana capable men to office, if there be candidates presented by cher pa'fces whose record is not p .re and honeet, it is yoar bouncen du;y to refuse indorsement or support to suoh men If 3 ou own cousci-nriousiy uoite your votes wrth othei* in fustainiogfaitniui public servautsor nominees Of mt-guty, b)_ all means do so! If you oaa disoover no worthy candidate i-inomination—for be itjadtot*!, congreetsional, legislative, or executive, aay particolur offi.i;—it is jour cu'y to pla^e a fit oee, ludiridaallr, before'be people, and to support him with your suf- frages Above all, fellow-eUctOrs, ragird the capaiity and imegrity of all candidate for school offices. L e t notthisimpoitantmatterbene«)eUedbyAmericana, for tue scbool system 10 a coruir-stone of our fre« insti- tutions.In cone usicn, v* append the following resolutioaa, parsed unanimt>asly, at the last meeting of the Gdoers! Committee:Rejoiced- Tliat th« American General Committee o f tke Cttf> tr>d("o""^ofNew-Vo.-kt>o«rdlTlndcr** the o.i>a•/kSe AUII:'** bta«r Couarjl held at Scheaectviy, aad preeided «f«r byO, A 8c oggB at.d th«t Mid Conv>xttioa, ia r$oomm*n&jmmevnry u f a.ber . f cur orgsoiu ioa to v o e acoordtAK t» blu 000- •ckaee on the Pie»ideatlal qaeetdoa, meeta with our tram ao» proba-iou . "Rexltcd, That •In accordance with oar Sute Council, and fa* the abserjc* o f an> reC"gnia d Americaa nominee* for the odioe* of Pr*»:d*ut and Vic«-Pre»lde»t of the Unitod Stntee, w« hec«W dechue every asoa»b«r of theCounoila la tkU oity free t i vi.t«*f<r'hi-Pr«!>ideutuiicandidatewhomtheydeemworthyef thliecirb6ufnln»jie_ A.J.H.DUGANNJC, rraeidoaiAw- York, Sept 26,1860.—The New-York correspondent of the Paris SiecUhas the following in his last letter, pnbushed in th* Sitcleof Septembers: " I see with pleasure that th« French population of our city does not remain ioc lifer- ent to the present poliacal contest. A French RepaW h'can Club has just been started by a few men of iutei- ligenw and feeling, with the object of sustaining tao cause of Free Labor and of rallying the sympathies ofsary courtesy to Mr. Lincoln'a numerous visitors wi'l have been seen wendiuc their way into this ci;y, someso»«on. Prof. Johnson in a recent letter to us remarksibat:••The yuonoes now in xunrketandnamed 'American* are so variable m composition that the queittion of money valne is a dntieaie oue; but when they nx*. finfty groutid and liberally aoed the better qualities do produce good eflfecU—not so opoodity as aand with ooe third Peruvian guano admiitnl, *.a.von sum upeut takixij the stump, however many votes he mi^ht ser booy thev were. Litutl-Gov. Kirk made ooe of hisallow him time, ho is fu'ily pooted on the political move- ments of the day, and expresses hi nself freely and manfully np'n them. The qualities of mind and Heart be possesses wiD not let him sf.»; uk unfavorably evon ofwith thejweducts of their farces, and others in ddrtgd- tioi s with banners and mottoes, and all the dwises of the present brilliant campaign; and sich a procession, baa seldom been witnessed by the citizens of old Li ik- ing—and a mott ordoriv, rrspecoble, a n d intnlligdutThe Peruvian Government have had only three We, too, are of the opinion that a mixture of Peru- fear of any violence. The story is maie of wholeguano agents in thi* country since toe article wasin- vian and American guanos affords a better because a cloth. He fears not to vicit any part of the South, and Hon R. C. Schenck addrrssed the ciiiyens. I did not "Republican speeches" and the selejtions of argu-he will doubtless avail hit self^of many iavitations to hturbis speech, but, judging from former speeches, it ments. Let the reading be by one and another of the BarredaBros.,a>dBivrrilBr-/S.—thelatterofwhomThestrongstimulus,impa-tedtoacropbytheforcingmakesuchvibirs.-afterthecampaignisover. comparedfavorablywiththerest.OHIOISALLyourgmenresidingintheseveraldistricts.Thepeo-troduced, v i z : Messrs. 'jreorge <fc Bro. of Baltimore,more lasting fertilizer, than Peruvian guano aloue.are now acting. The exjlosive right of diggingand shipping guaiio for the term of nine years was sold by the Peruvian and Bolivian Governments, i n 1840 o r J64i, for $40,000; but thej contract was soon after re- pudiated by the former, as the increasing demand for the article developed the i&mense value of the deposits. Ahighfixedtariffwasee|abli*hedsosoonastueygot the monopoly into their clwn hands, which has been modified a t various iimee.1 A t present, i t ia stated a s follows, in an official list wjhich w e obtained from t h e agente:•'Mr.Lincolnthoughanexcellentlawyer,.doesnot KICHT! lay much claim to military renown. It seems, how-ever, be was captain of a company who marched- intothe lidian country lor the defense cf the frontier dur-.'...'•plewouldeurelycongregate,andcouldthusbereacned with troths tbat they w U never learn in any other wny. Suggest the idea; urge it; call uron the various committeee' to eurely establish each weekly gatherings,;and thus secure the vote of those S *tes f -rLINCOLN AND HAMIJN.[What idea has our correspondent of the cost ofthemeasueherecommends? Wheredoeshe imaginethemoneycouldberaised?• Howmuch has As given t o the promotion o f t h e Republican cause out of his own immediate neighborhood 7 What he suggests is very well; b u t the aggregated,..163-I6J >Ca«bper tan of 3^40 tt. !61IThtsre can be no rational doubt that the vote of wealth of the country is not on the RepublicanrXICK Freca 1 to 5 ta«* Fxom 6 to 10 t«B« Ftom IX to 30 tox»O SXKltTr7IAXMi\OCASO.lugbter, in which he heartily j >ined, at acmeladicrausand well-told anecdote. He can not only diBouss ablythe great democratic principle of our Government, butat the same time tell how to navigate a vessel, maul arail, or even to cress a deex-skin. In Rpeakiog of the eral opinion that he will get ihe popu'ar. vote of the leading ppeakers"bf the nation, M r . L . regards CarlVzoa. VIto3"tu:.-Krorxt 31 W 90 tunsFrom *I to 200 ton*VrvmVA to1W0tauaV'om «,10" t-ii» aeward... ijW, U>** 1 p»r c«at.Ko jpukoo tola f»r export nor to nuutfi»nii»tor».I>et our readers carefully mark these prices and re-side, and WE know not how to raise so much money! ED.]W)J •'160, «*« J per cent. !J60,UMMii">zo«at-State—a majoriry of it, I mean; but if he does not, thsre will certainly be no election by the peoploj and in that event all admit that the Legislainre will chooseage the purchase of lots ofjjlees than 50 tuns, by charg- ing a high price. I t therefore falls to large private housestowpply tito t » ^ r b j laying in lots of 1,100 tuna at $60, and selling from one tun upward a t a small advanee. Ox* large find in Kew-York, andone fa Brooklyn, dispose m tW way of nearly aD the guano brought tothie market; ar^BUbough their profit in detail Is very •mall y e t in the:{aggregate it is somethmgas a help to good farming. cultivator, the muck-bed, main-stays of the farm.T h e deep plowshare, theofOhio.THE CoAr. On. BTTSINF.SS —TWO hundred wellshave beonBunkin th e vicinity of Powers Corners, Warren, County, Ohio, and others ore being commenced duly. Of these, fifty or seventy five promiee to be payingthis,inwords,showcbarlyenoughbytheirmanner that they have no hope of BUCCCSS. The esuniatrs of the Douglas vote vary from one-tenth to one-fifsh of the whole vote of the State. Some believe there will he no election by the people, as it requires a majorityreason of th* division of parties, are to be fouod in the ranks of his ancient fees, still cherish his memory; and it is not surprising that the notice given that the Captain of the V Old Guard," Joseph Hoxie, would addiets the Republicans last evening, drew a crowd suchashasnotbeenseen for years. Thspeoplebe- gan to fill the largest public hall in tne place at an early hour, and, by the time the Wide-A rakes ofvation of their sen.imenU, and the liberahsm of thsir aims. Tne French Republican Club cannot fail to per. form au important r6le in the present conflict, and * r6le worthy t h e emancipating a n d dexnooratio nfhiL which France represents."—N W.Blnghani,CountyClerkofOrleansCaunty„ Vermont, writes ua that he has just completed th% official canvass of the Votes for County Senator cast uft the late election, and that they are as follows: l^,. publican, if965; Douglas Dsmoorat, 555; Breekiuri/jgo Pvemoomt, 175—making t h e whole Democratic vote,~ntn».Georgia will be given to Breckinridge. I t is the, gen-member them, for they wifl thus be able to judge insome degree of the genuineness of samplee offered get great crops and keep up the fertility of his farmthemthisseason. TheGovernmentagentsofcourse withastimulantlikeguanoalone,thanhecanliveand TOSS to do a wholesale business, and therefore discour- thrive on brandy himself. Guano must only be usedSIR: During the lifetime of Harry Clay, he had ingsof this club/are truly interesting. Thnnpikota publican principles. Among these w e recollect b u t but nearly all of them frankly admit that they cannot no truer friends than could be found among the honeet are usually distinguished by calm a n d moderate l a a -ammoniacal Peruvian ^ensrally proves ruinous to the eoiL Fanners on Long Island and elsewhere, Who have relied on Peruvian guano without attempting to better their soils by deep plowing and thorough tillage, and the application of dried muck and good stable manure, have been compelled to increase their doaea everyyear. While,perhaps,100poundstotheacre would a t first give a large crop, 150 pounds were found necescary the second year, 175 or 200 the third, and then perhaps, the proportion rapidly increased. W e have been informed of a case like this, where a market- gardener had impoverished his farm so much that he now has to use about 800 pounds per acre to get his usual crop. W e know of a large wheat grower in Delaware, who formerly used 50 tuns per annum of guano; but discovering this impoverishment of his eoil rapidly going on, abandoned guano for super-phosphate of lime, cf which he now uses a large amount annual- ly. The farmer must remember that he can no more. 4a n d thedung-heap,a r e ot h efPROSPECTS I N THE SOUTH. ing, the Black Hawk troubles. He, and Messrs. Correspondence of The N . Y. Tribune.Edwards, and O H . Browning of Quincy, who>were" all paruiipants in that Indtau warfare,• were yeater- day talking, as soldiers.will" over the events of ths campaign. '•.•'"•It was interesting, as well as amusing, to hear M r.AuccaxA, Ga., Sept. 21, 1860.I have had fair opportunnies of learning by observa-tion the relative strength of political parlies bore, of hearingaswtllasreadingthevariousespreesi-meof the political sentiments predominant in this section ofL. talking, as few men can, on all the most difficultpolitical, topics, one minuts making you wish the the country, and of witnessing indications of the feel-whole nation could hoar his liberal and clearly ex- Ereseed views, and the next, causing violent barsts ofings, expectations, and convictions of the people, con- nected with the progress and probable issue of the present canvass.SenLira as one of the foremos'; and it was a pleasingreflection to know ihe majority uf the members of theCorgreeeional working Comaiiitee, who sorvod withMr. Lincoln, are to-day actively advocating Re- Breckinridge Electors. Bell has mauy friends here,OLD BERGEN WIDE A W AKE.ToUuEditorofTheA*Y.Tribune ourcompatriot*,infavorofMr.Lincoln.Tnemeet,the name* of Judge Embree, of Indiana, and Mr. Root, carry the State for him, and the few who do not admitfarmersonBergenHiiL Eventhosewhoto-day,by guage,byatrulypracticalideaofthings,bytheele-But while we advocate a mixture of the two eorto of wells. Thirteen »te*m engines have been put in opera- hi the whole to'eiect in'tow State. B a t in any case, guanoes, vfe have no idea of conniving at the frauds tion pumping, and some eight or ten more are on the the friends of Breckiuridge may safely score the Stateground and will bo in motion iu a few dayB. Some ofnow practiced in this hue. Genuine Peruvian guano these wtlls yield from 12 to 16 barrels per day, and for their candidate.is worth $60 per tun, tbe American $30 to $40, and it some five to ten barrels. It is I probable that the aver- In Alabama, the contest is between the Breckinridgeisnothonestto make farmers buythelatterundera agedallyyieldisalmostsixbajrrelsof40gallonseach, andtheBell party. TheBell menhave,oraffectto GreenvilloandHudsonCity arrived, it waspacked,to each well, or about seventy-five barrels, or 3,000 have, some hopes of carrying the State, but the. Breck- hawiaomo. With tbe l>eetjtenns on the above fist, the false name at the price of the former. This is, how- gallons per day, in all. This amount is increasing inridge party are sanguine of success. Douglas is no-and many had to remain outside.**aii deiW, who buy. in Usoi 50tons-andfew hay ever, very generally practiced by the unprincipled every day, as new wtUs are b*ing sunk, and improve- where. If appearances can be trusted, the Seaa is»ore a t a tune-pays for hfe genuine guano as follows: guano dealers of this and other cities. But in oompari- meuta ia the raising and separating apparatus are ma4e. sure enc ngh for Breckinridge., In Tennessee, also, the two principal competitors areThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Mr. Hoxie commenced by reviewing the acta of thepreasut Adnanij»tratigoi its false preteuae*, frauds, 700, and the Republican JW^ritr QTK all 1,26^ T h *Untitled DocumentI' T»EREPUBLICAN CANVASS. TheHot.HENRT8.STANTOK wi<lspeakforLiu-tc^^tbosewhohadtomtf*mtthbimtmO^rtU»^5Correspondence o f The N. Y. Tribune.•••••*»•THE CAMPAIGN IN ILLINOIS.Aw- York, ADDRESSSept. 26, I860.Correspondence of The N. T. Tribune.PKKIN, ID,Sept.24, I860.O F T 8 E AMERICAN" GENBRsX COMMITTEE.'.PriisT. Oct 5. .Wednesday, Oct. 10. .Tbur*<3ay, Oot 1L .Fiiday.Oct.IX .Saturday,.Oct.1$.The Hon. F . P . TRACT of California will likewise his favor. His Popolar-Sovereign'y doctrines are very.A thorough revolution issilently goiag on, and ere Brooks, Hunt & Co. Tee Doctor was loudly ap- long Ohio will send an unbroken phalanx of sa-.ib m«n plauded and warmly congra'u'ated for his independ-Various meetings are being held all over tbe State by all parties. Cassias M. Clay h a s been doioga g>o<i work, and the people turn out every where to hear tbe tenant Ktctockian, who da^s to " bea>d the lion in hisIn ihe evening, after a Widt-Awake proce6cion, the«an>«d Some weeks »go, I to «g"« 8r4l'« ctavxie*kokedthebeattbere. batkinds,th-Mrshasbeenaslow thoughverypercepriWe3ri.'tii»<rofpob'icfavorcti- wajdBreckmtiflgeatd.atpresentthei.dwack>3Swe andbatieforoneofCl*y'inoblestfrknd*, xksttheI*tt*rwillcanytheState. . ._/ .ANOTHERPROMINENT LINCOLN.diately, where the people should be iavited to assemble weekly, for the purpose of listening to the reading of^•.ip^neipfes tbey feptesao*edj a*d olosed with M a*f •*k f t a "Projection to Ai»*ric*n In^u*tr»," to oe«^f*r *TotU Editor ofT*#IV.Y.Tritotm*.SIR: I have watched tfce efforts o f fasioa Willi gros*interest, and, since all have failed'except tho DaegUa and B*U oonoern, I have come to the onclosioa «u*« fTottuEditor qfTUN. Y. Tribvtu.SIR: In the report of the proceedhags of the ReovV-hfl w<old be cha-ged with being aI would not willu gly say one word to iojare t«*e feei- ings <f Mr. Spencer, or to detract fro-n his wel- eart>«d rsputa'ion asacriaiatillawyer Plsaseiasert this, as an act of jartice to Mr. Sp^nc^r as well as mj- feelf,a^d believemeyour obedient servant,•'.••<-,'..I'<lTo«be Uwyer." www.fultonhistory.com 