TOL. X.—NO. 2874.NEW-YORK, THURSDAY, DECEMBERPRICE TWOtke Union!or It looks to open war. That Is whitIs acandilato for reelection it looks to, and we need not shut our eyes to thc fact. and my herdsmen. If you will i;o to the right we wi'l Mr. Cr.iiw, of renusylvania, <Rep..) did notiTcnmi,of Gcorsla.Some high words have passed. There is a larger col-lection of people hers than in any previous year.The report that Secretary Cobb goes out to-morrowrising abov^ tlie views and projects of a low, slavery-propagating,Liberiy Laws .but have no fear, not the slightest. No doubt—not the the mob law which the Sonth fears. They do not minutest -Let the result of this OCTtroversy be dread theie overt acts, for, withont the power of the;l.!^col.N,»^'^-^ ma m''"t nyigl'"'sr"'jfmfs^^sgmBSfwsag^m Caritel.Siflonssion of the the Disunion QnestionintheSenate.his argument, that the revenue may be collected at em States are the aggressors. We have a set of follow this ot example'''"^fi^w^r^^'ftF^^^'wiopapiiPMiiiPii^iihis fHends to Washingtonbelieved there was conservatism enough left in the country to save the Republic from the destruction nowaround him 4he emblems of that period which wit- SeatteHftle^ViewsvathePresident's nessedtheUnion'sbirth.This,too,wasthepropitioustheories,with,ttnif lMoBSpMCli-er8«BatorSBaltl)nry, of 9«lavare.Anxxaoa's request will therefore not be complied 'with to send additional forces to Fort Moultrie.tories of the RepubUe, andPaMace af tt« BMMSlead UD, tiieoftay this—that State, uponreiifM nn,Bfll ii tke Hwse.the United States.Motion of tll6 QOVOTliOlB of Virginia and Kentaoky.WumoMra, Wednesday, Dee. 5. Ike Comauttee on th« Jodiciary had under con-The other propositions which the President proposes to incorporate In the Constitution are on a par with this**ABpOrtABfcShiunk toto comparative insignltcsnce at thisthat the m:i- and that it is treason to secede.power of the country, ifIt should be—time enough for Delaware and her representatives to say what her course wotUd be. [Loud applause fromthe densely crowded galleries.]The title of the report of the Secretary of State wasread. It is the fiscal statement of the contingent ex-at 2:26.IlOl.SE OF REPRESENTATIVES. WAsuuioTOH, Wednesday, Dec. i.jority must governA qnestloB has arisen respecting (he Supreme Courtand all the issues of this election, or war was to be tlie result ? •—ofothers if, unfortunately.it will bevriU beneither section can do without the other. Oneballot-box;between Jice and me, or between herdsmen UiyTiii IillWhile aU the material interests of Uie North nuist snfler from a separation, the South will find her re-asks no counsel. She has considered it so, and has armed herself. If 1 understand things, it looks to thatdepaitin peace.inotBaneeupon EngUthe.x-of political mosaic, whichIt was, Viie-Prcaidcnt elect should beofOeorgii, saiIhe diIpropose to donate lands, butDec 4. The citizens of Texas have been urged in a cir-theSecretariesCiss,If upon Ueii.ireswe draw our pay. 'commercedeceptive. Heat sneh a reliance, in vie-* oi theIt does cotof ten dollars for IGO acres.* HeTHK QVEBTIO-VNbtt-Orliaxs, Tuesday,vention be held, and recommends a General Convcn- tloB of aU the Sontten States. The letter is said togrounils.public lands should not be a source of Federal reve-delrgates to a ConventionConvention to assemble at the CapitalThc movement to meet with popular sanction.CONVENTION. TitKNTox, Wednesday, Dec. i.led oflFable. This verifies the report in the Tixia ties. 'I'liebyl»^c^idenl coi.nren.x's his argument by ut-a word that would causeor add to the feeling of bitterness which really existsStates whetlier they would indie war to forceofwhichtlie billJlondayof the same month.^ipearabereceatlytthat part of the Cabinet would repudiate the President'spositions.do not wishto132 70. passed, againstthat the the fir-verysayirritation,mainingoperationMr. CoirAX,Secretary Tooobt entertained the Putnam Phalanxtnfore.nR ilic laws, no ui^uvr;who offends againstI would before saysuch a word. But i tell you tlieat Its own peril, and mu.-ft take the coaaeiiunnces.found wiih the Presilcnt was thethe laws must be enforced against everynot beConpeay.Mr. CoirAX—That UIn eimcluslon there were levcral reforms proposed mand were Navyat his residanee. It was a pleasant af-tlilnj;inCabinet,publicthisfair. Eloquent and conservative speeches were against I'le ntiUifii I-., iiavin:; l:-;:; isheUie Federal Government association of States. Th*t he de-of All Unionevening<i-lebratt Iface, and see where that is presented,of saying that not a voluntaryA Plato Convention Com.s^TOCxTO!!, Wm. C. Alxxabuxx,Men, Ex-Gov..Mr. McGovrAjT said the total 6i,oeO.military% fettJ^ft®tme^. /Black Republican Party to use the force of the Gov- 1t r^iT^AisidCENTS.It was patrloUc and conservative.It is right to sayllont of '98 on the other, and indorsing both, he at- tem^ t(r Invohe Mr. Masisox in his own inconsis-6, i860.the regular constituted forms of the Constitution willknow the disposition of Cqngress as to with railroads.ded the words alava and slavery from the Constitu* diantion to-day Qia caae of Judge Witboos, of irlthout serious dllBcuity, unless peace was previously Hon, because they were " not willing to recognize theare entitled t6 demand honest and fair discharge of that obliga- tion which is imposed on all the States in regard to tlie rendition of fugitive slaves, and 1 am willing, per- there sliail be an honest and fafr and faithful performance of that pledge.Texas. Mneh tesOmoay Iia«been adduced, tending •slioagtyagabHtUmthatit Li nndentaodtbey will report soon in faror of his impeaehment. Got. Hesnoa is understood to have done much to bringakootthis result. 'Iand haveanthe futility of this. In less than twelve monthsa Southern Confederacy will lie fi»nied, and it willbe the most saccessful Govemmeat on earth. character. His action on that questioo now forms The Southern States, thus banded together, pari of the political history of the conmry, aad thewill be able to resist any force in the world. cannot be changed by theWe do not expect war, bat we wlU be prepared for w ard-that he couM not inIt, and we are not a feeble race of Mexicans either. ton Constitution as a nullity, and refuse to tiaasnt But he hoped the Northern States would allow It to Congress ; for aU know perfectly well that, in-the IVeasury's report on the finances is not printed, Sasator Bazix, of Oregon, the sw^ssor of Dcla- and the memt)er8 of the Committee are not yet pre- «• BntBi iniTed to-d»y, and aiqpeared in the Senate pared to decide on the proper method of relieving theof such recom- mendations. They would disgrace a South Carolina stump orator or rlllage editor, and, coming from any other source than the President of the United States, they would be beneath contempt. I predict that the President will become the laughing-stock of thecountry.I understand that the members and Senators fromTennessee, as well as Kentucky, are strongly fjr taeUnion, and speak in no amiable spirit of the madthat contemptibto coidrivaace.and toek tte oath and his seat on the Republican side. He was wfnnly weleomed by the Republicans. WkUa waitlBg to take the oath, lum, of Oregon,embarrassments of the Treasury.The will not announce the Special Com- Shakermittee on tliat part'of the President's Messagereferring to secession troubles until* Monday, desiring mean- while to consult with the members of the different State delegations in order to make the best selec-—does not bearnpon its face any ofeMler appearaaeeand reterring to the Territorial qnestien, hejustment, it will almost toevitabty prove a grealMl-speka,atteaqited to IM severe.He evidently aimed atBaku. werereceivedbytheLightInfantry,andwelcomed tions..Tke Tntnam Phalanx arrived to-day.Theypranks of South Carolina. One gentleman, speaUngfor his own county, wtilch is one of the wealthiest andmost siaveholdlng in Middle Tennessee, declares thathe doubts If there is a single Oisunionlst within its That is something to be prond of. But we nenre notEbitiiiR. Rxtholsb, of New-York, elected succes- eeesenatlis and eoBelliataiy. The company cre- sor to Bcxxocsas, deceased, was qualified, and tookCBAXAK's project to its present shqie, is praetleaMe. THE8ECB8SIOM HOTEHBHT.IN SOUTH CAROLINA.THI LX6ULAT1IU—FASSAeS OP THK BIU, TO AIMafter somere- marksinrelationtoprtottngtheMessage,saidhe 'th>statx—uoKPTioaortbb"—"»»,m.would take this occasion to say that as a Senator of CoLUKBiA, Wedneeday, Doe. S. the United States, he was here to perform his fune- The House pasaed the biU to provide an aiatad tkins as such before a dedaratioa of war is made aiUtajy force wifitout onwsUlon. It aatherlaas thefoverament'toeall toto service tea tha teers. It wBl be taken up to the Seaate tTs-BMnow the election for dalagatea te tta Caa- ventioB will take place. There Is no • whateVar,bata^alatdalaiaiaalUa<ky thC'Il^ior in an appr(q>riate speech, which wasshire and all tlie of in myrmidons Abolitionism, aitd,the language of the honorable Representative from Ohio, (Mr. Cobwdi,) to regard to the Mexican war, we will " Welcome them with bloody hands to hos-pitable graves." [Sensation.]ates efitvcrable Impreadon. Mr.Him.niwilltenderhisresignation,totakeelTectlimits. ThemembersfromEastTeimesseearethor-ough-going Unionists. A Democratic member fromKentucky, wno supported BucxnTxiDax, declared re- Constitution and Government! We have obtainedaatnanr Miwin, of Kentucky, arrived to-day. He kas eoasalted with Mr, Basoxnauax, and be- Msvss tkat Keatneky will aland firmly by the Union.prospectively seceding States.Among the propositions privately discussed, Is onetucky into disumon. __^^___ OBSERVER.away back, centuries upon centuries, in English his-conser- vative members of Congress from the Slaveholdlog States, to proceed to the South Carolina Convention, cMI war : he oalr sniseiwl the opinion that war arMh a view te a f»)ntsrfB|y and an appeal to thatScaater Bali desires It to be understood, and be so saded fkagaaatly, that he did not invite nor threatenSENATE. The Senate assembled at noon.sawfasoUinevttdriyfraaisecession..Maalsr Iraiasai^ aHaek apaa Oar. Hobbmsi, ofwith the members of the Committee therefrom, thusA prayer was offered up.Mr.PnoB,ofOhio,(Dem.,)appearedandtookWa «iBaMWsi«atwaj!iBaanscataaiai^ttitiB,t0itmi^ ef|M«MilMdheTexas. HeVas very violent. No one rebukedSenator from Georgia (Mr. ToouBS) last year on this floor, this General Government was faithfully por-to the Slave andeveryState—Isay,undersuchcircumstancesofa faithful Government, and I will add of a subservleiitif this should bnrst and this Judiciary, Confederacyglorious community of States be dissevered and fail, by the doubtful contingency of State action, to carry out the experiment of human liwrty, and when at thesibillty. He compared the violation of the laws by mnch remark. The people were prepared Itar theturn, theagh he Aeqnently referred to tlie Republicans asPowers treaties.breaking viewsto the extent of their power, to some WaA,treackeronsassassins;&c.ThesecretofItes- practicablemodeforquietingthepresentpoliticalei-moved the refer-foreignto retotion to seciBatlon In faoa's speech is charged, by those who profess to know, to be an efiort to recover lost ground IndtemcDt.Several schemes are already discussed. One ofthem Is to make an effort to conciliate at least ahomesteads to actual settlers on the public domato. Mr.WiorALLcontinued—Ineaseofviolenceofferedthe will be ctf led to- peoplehis anxiety for a reelection became ao odious that be was charged by his former sup-portersment of his State to his own personal aggrandisement. He characterizes secession as revolution, and juatlnes It.SiAaAH, of Texas, has arrived, and says that the Legislature of that State will certainly be called (o- getker at an early day, to consult on the secession•Movement.Gov. LxTonaa, of Virginia, Is arranging for a com-ilssioB to South Carolina, to urge delay in her ac ' aaa. It is said that Ex-President Tilsb, Senator KamaandW.C.RrvBSwillconstitutethe commis- aioB. TheUnionmenofVirginiaexpressgreatcon- tdence in the success of this move.The Governor of Kentucky is understood to con- template the same step, and Messrs. BBicxixaisai, Jajixs Gutbiu and Cuttxssxx will be appointed a Coaunission. This example will probably be follow- ed by all the border States, including North Caroliaa, Tennessee and Maryland.Hon. Aaos KxnALL, formerly bf Jacxsos'sis out in anotlier letter, denouncing secession as trea- son and criminal. He quotes Hadisos, Jimasox, RAaaouB and Ritoux, his old compatriots, to sustain his poeltioB, and urges strongly Masisoh's declara-tion in favor of the Union of the States;Mr.Gbiih,ofMissouri, (Dem.,)introdoced a reso-desire to remato to the if they beliere they will live more happv and prosperous ander another Government, they will as-Georgia, w^eieof the siaveholdlng and non-slavehoM- ing States, whatever course the extreme States maypursue.The Putnam Phalanx arrived to-day and were re-ceived by the Washington Light Infantry, and enter- tained by Secretary TocoxT in the course of tlieevening.OCK WA8H1HGT0N CORRZBPO.N'DKNCE.but no sooner was this con- cluded than a buz of conversation sprung up, whichdrowned the voice of the reading clerk.No debate upon the merits of the message tookIn the Senate, Mr. CuNaxAH seited the first moment to deliver a secession pronun- ctamtinto. HethoughtthebestthingthatCangress could do would be to make an equitable division ofproperty, between the North and ^outb, an{ltheywith wishing to prostitute the secession sentl-to inquire into the propriety of providing by law forestablishing an armed Police force in the Border States, Slave and Free, for the purpose of maintainingand hour that we are to such a re- comingarranged. The dispatches are interesting. O. P. Q. dibpatchtothcassociatxdpress.ideaofpropertyInman." Butwearenowtold a by"Democratic" President that the Union will be dis- solved unless this revolting idea, wliich was scouted bv Mr. MABJtON and his associates, shall be added to the Constitution, in express terms.suniortHis reference to the famous feeempton Coasiitu-Washikotok, Wednesday, Dec. i. With a view to relieve the pre^nt financial em- am told by a gentleman from barrassment of the Government, Mr. Phclfb made afectlywilling, thatUon, near the close of his Message, is of a simUar convictions of the American people to regard tettTexas that Waibobs is understood to sympathixe proposition this mornug in the Committee of Ways upon a more express recognition of the right of slave-wilk tke seecaslon morement in Texas. and Means, to issue $10,000,000, In the form of Treas- Hi. BxnoUM, the successor of S. M. BmaousHS, of ury Notes. The consideration of this propositioncatching,afion that alMaws of States contravening itSenator, If tie will sum up everycase of and injurystead of performtog this plato and simple duty, heKew-Tork, ajqieared in the Honse to-day and took the oeth and his seat on the Republican aide.was postponed for a short time, as the Secretary ofsufferinggitive slaves, and put them all down in the darkestand draw it as hideous as trath and can colors, fancyit,andthenI<»nshowyouaggressionsonthecoLStitutlonal rights of citiaens of the Free States that are enemies. Tlie Northern people, he believed, hat- amendment of the Constltatian exptaaatbry of Itsbis seat in the Honse to^Iay. ThevoteontheHomesteadbill,inthat body,wassurvived a lifetime of the men who the battles fongbteaAeMwfll,hlathonglit,reflectsomewhatthepolicyofthe atthelastsession,theoppositiontheretobeingfrom intheUnion,mademorenoisethanalltheotheref Fetanary, with a retiring speech, whichabout the tame as that on which the President vetoedMr. Davb, of MistiBSippi, (Dem.,)with profound attention;but it has been my fortunewhat the President Intendsdoing;placein either House.regardis certain, if It quails In the performance of itstotentlon to prolong this unnecessary and most un- LIEU AND EKTISSION LRTBR ntOM BOnR. — KB.WASHixoToa, Tuesday, Decent, and blind to the future, should ma'liy dash our-selves upon this dark ocean, whose shores no eye ofprophecy or of faith cim discern, I do not luiow whatis to be the future. But I do hope, if we cannot settlethings in the spirit in which they ought to be settled,we will at least have the courage and tnamanhood tolook the In the face, and tmderdtondI know notliing about the pali:;y of the in-. 4, 1860. The greater portion of to-day was consumed by the two Houses in listening to the reading of the immense-foree waaMessage, this momtog, from advance copies.IN VIRGINIA.THI ILKCTOKAL VOTI CAST lOB BILL—Bly long Message of the Pre-^ident.lating to the political state of the couutry was readcredentials of Edwabdthclet the Union be dissolved in peace. He could haveany calculated,havingthatBell had carried Vfrgtoia, magnanimousre-He had no doubt that Mr. Locoui would begin his administra- tion with a pacific and conciliating declaration of but that he would abanJoa the policy of concilatiun as soon a? he got possession of power. He thinks North Carolina on the eve of seces.'^ion and revolution. There are but two parties in tlie State, viz ; that which fa\ors imnie Hate secession, .and thatthe liberty which we enjoy, and to estati- ing gloriousiishing the Constitution under which we live. No sou of hers w ill raise his hands against the tostitu-A dinner will be grandtogivenno confidence in Republican professions.issue, he felt it incumbent on him to speak.principles;Mr. Bsows said he wishel to know if the Issue was, that the South was to submit to thc election of Mr.arrived here, that every Englishmaning up the UnionMr. CusuBAS is prompted to unwonted zeal justLet there bo no'lie lluuscfact, that even in a It means war to the State which na-^ put herself in the belly, nor the bsBy without the mo.iUi." const jvallve Stale like North Carolina, extraordinary the attitude of secession, and she looks upon It so,anilstilfcgo to the left." And if you will go to the left, tveThe contemplatedmeeiing of merchanUand banks wUlholdpkrase (s that "the mouth cimiot do without10 di.-cuss thisliivolied having been familiar to tlie country f.irthelasttenyears. Thisbill,however,avoidstheIt Is ai:tal lor Shivery, though it should be carried to theill sin-measure,principleto the Senate.singularcommercial houses out TheBanksareaUfirm.extent of tlirea'enlng the Union, always pays. errii'gonthc.<*afeside.It Is'Tin' .Mes-:iseisapleeedois 2 cat credit to the ingenuitywith the Senator fro-o in iill New-lianipshireandfact that British gold and influence are the chief cause r,;.r..ei,is ^n aiiades of the "Democracy," from inaugurated. That would be a great concessionmade againsteontractsexistence. Theseous tlme& for the Union, and he was pleased to see cession, witkont let or hindrance.threatening itsware. Indeed, peril-and before the 4th ofnot eigbt, that will be out of Academy bin, wereis reiterated by bis friends to-night Puiur R. Clav- Convention, in order to engraft the policy of a SlaveTDH, who has l>een his assistant and chief adviser, suc- ceeds him in that case.dispensable condition of the perpetuity of the Union!them until form State theyinevitably fiutens it opaa Constttntlaiis,andthscav-Is the President imbecile ? Has be forgotten that the The rumor that troops had been ordered to Fort attempt to fasten this policy upon the slave-riddenDemocracy at Charleston caused its dissolution ?alier manner to which thegreatdoelitoeof PopularMonroe is not true. I am authorixed toand of Christendom, i have no snch die- trust of the position that State oeeoplesthat I wish to appeal from the present^ the future. No, Sir. IAnd has heaii tlie West Petet or will be sent to any Southern fortification. Col. ing minority, Mr. BxxfKiXBn>oz, failed to receive onekansas will eaJ] her and Louisiana Coovention,altogether tmworfliy of enesayforgottenthat no additional force hasthat the candidate of the seced- vote in a hundred in the Free States, for the reasonDispatches to Government received at this placereference to ahe wlU not' yield to that pnhlie aentiment some President well knows, has already had a most disas-every charge that can be brooght against her, look- THI LATEST BBP0BT8 FROM THE SOUTH. from Mr. RisD, our Minister to China, state that ReaUy, it would teem that the Old Public Function- ing to any Infraction, en bar part of the Constitntion,even her Goveraor be over-ridden niay; and Ifpretexttopic wfalA, as theAmerican sympathy for the rebels in Cliiaa Is working ary is in his dotagewaybe oneroat or or any of its provisions, theygreatly to the disadvantage of the object of the missionaries in that country. Their success de- pends much upon the action of this country, and while that impression prevails, their success is very doubtful. The Allied Army was within twelve miles of Peking. They would undoubtedly enter the dty,[Oreat sensation.]cently that South Carolina, though the poorest State the Southern members, including those from the States ; and he protested against her dragging Ken-w hat we have obtained by great effort and at great price. ItwasnotthemerepriceoftheRevolution, or the mere price of the blood that was shed, or the patriot connsels that formed the ConstitaUon. Butlookingbythose centuries, there has been going onaooatsat laration of war whicb is culmlnatiiig In oor experiaett here. Ma |a>triot blood ponred out on the battle-fields of. clfH aarshould bemade,contributing,PowBLL,ofKentucky, (Dem.,)expressedmeet whatever exigency may arise. TheelectionofGovernor,it is lielieved,willnottake place till Monday next.Durtog the discussion in the Legislatnrelarge majoritylution that the CommitteeonJudiciarybeInstructedyesterday on establishing an ordnance bureau, Mr. Rkxtt said sert that by forming a Constitution. The more I read there had been for several years to Charleston, eightto the appointment of a delegationState beagainst tlie represented,itatalajsaselakerapaaMM^iRnH^^aealfearajiiiF iiili tlon shall have been aaaoaaoad, tte Inflnaatial andsot-aee^ttafllKMii,«iaHM«i«a sT Wmti >Baa«MtaMI#a* Mr. WravAU, efthis people ta idt tke el i iwaeff tf tiMir fadustryaad that the CenstttptloB is a eoApaerbetween the States.Texas, Is severely ceasared by the Democr^s. Hecalled HeasTon a tieacberons old hoary-headed vil-tatB, a traMor to his eouatry, and the Julius Ceesar of conservative men in each State will communicate number of vohimes be published in relation to theThe portion re-Cuablxstob, Wednesday, Dee. 5. The CMiricr and Mercury published the President'sMr. Hau said all who heard him would bear him •f the Supreme Bench, must follow the example of which proposes to wait a few weeks or months, in ted States to have pointed out and recommended witness, that he had only said what he thoughtla ease of teeessioB. Judge Cahpbill, of Alabama,the Federal District Judges of the seceding States, If order to see whether Mr. Luncol.-) will attempt to in- to Congress some rule, and to have told us would be an inevitable consequence.allyspeaks i thearticlesintheNxw-YoaxTmxsandtl>e AllnnyCunoMAH and his confreres will reckon without their host. If they expect to have 'any share in the public property, after secession. Not a foot of the publiclands, not a ship, nor a regiment, nor anything per-wrongs of years have finally resulted In your triumph. Not the triumph of Mr. LincoLiv, but the triumph of aofthe Whole on the State of the Union.The House, by 68 against 125, refused to lay on theIN LOUISIANA.RICXFTIOH OF THI PBMlDIKl'S MXSSAGE.Dec. i.JoumaLSecretary Fuhb b«s written a letter home for pub-the one of two thingsthings countryIt looks to absolute submission, notto reconsider the vote by which thc Committee of Agriculture's Homeeloadlication, in which he defends the of ri^twill be as a re- North, to an abandonment of tiieir position. It looks quiet dignity I can summon, I say—wc will not su"]-refcrr.il to the Committee of the of tlie Union.thesysopsisbnt urges joint acUun thinks bloodshed will belo a surrender of thatpopularsentiment which hastrythecover the by ConsUtutlonal amend-secession, SouUicmStates. He avoided, and that speedily reconstructeJ, :isto thearmyvade their rights.Mr. CElriB^DS» gave a merited rebuke to CLrNo-Mr. Br.owB—Where is the war to come from ?South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia, Texas ? Does the Senator mean that we are going toof the StateMr. ilAiu.i.v moved toto the Brecktorldgers. Jobs Misce Botts haspresecs surpriseof tae present dUBcnltiea. He urges that a Stat^ Con- Ul•^H« ho Willi Gun. Jackjox, aiTvocate thc coercion then, being inaugurated, they should quietly resijn. not place the right of secession on oustilutionalby elaiii.ii.g Uie right, a,..| of |,a..-l,,i,ning thedntyin coimtry.NEW-JERSEYthemmer session with amendments, be referred to the Post oflice ("omraittee. He remarked that there hadthree years, and nied. It was a voluntary association. In one breath It waa dt airous to have action a? soon as possible.f.ii he Gen. Ja' Ks^N'sis to look thewe are. And what Is tlie Issuefault hewelcomed the Phalanx on the this iinpu-Ktiable baMS, lie proricd to ilealbyCol. PriEn J. CiAiui, Senator Thobpsoh,Buda. Thesteps of the National, and Capt SriWAXi replied forthrou»h the forms of theand aMayorwith the pi'-ripi'.ous leaphithe public opinion, expressed ConsUtuUon, wiUnot be submlttadto?Mr. Smith, of Virginia, (Dem.,) objected, CoTernmcnt Is financially embarrassed.saying thehuis over head, heform or inof the State, but thc State must coerced. ThereIstheinconsistency. Buthe rose to accept on the part of his State, t:u; issue of the Senator from New-Hampshire, (Mr. Halb.) thatnumber of lead ug at TrentonState,of the arllst Itthat the PresidentagreehesaidoftheInconsistencie.softiicMes^a^e. liedlJ1"f claim But I think that would »ot settle the question. Shoidd iefK;cu.i) .-^t.ui >, totlic.-c who with Caihoc.v,;itoverti,'n In the States to walk out of the they resign, there would be as much difficulty as to I r.gyitthe ports of the seceding State, and intimates that thispresses and politicians among us who hare pervertedpatriotism South Carolina has u't her listers.tended four beyondyears.act of BoverelgBty should be exercised hevoice and theto a depraved appetite, and they have lent theirinterest to aspersions and tlsaders on the people fore your President Is tnangn'rated, there vrill becon- cludes by ooaeeding to the State a perfect right of se-the publicpublicout on the 7th of and January,A debate ensued on the whkh ameadaeiit,The President in his desire to please everybodyfeed much fear our friends on the ottier sidefive If States,ations he has shown lilmself of incapableand but for the half of that. And let me I this revolution. It Is not the State, say, slopDemocratic partisan.Only think of the absurdity of proposing a Federalwhat it may ; let it be settled in any form it asay ; let it be drenched in blood if it may, I have no fear bnt the little State which I have the honor, in part, to re-will stand acquitted—not posterity—t present, befqredont care so mnch aboat &at—but she will stand ac- quitted before the dvlllxed world, and by the verdictFederal Govematent, by foree, ondei the RepohUeanCode for the Territories on the Constitution, us an in-they know it They intend to go antof this Untsn,andhebeliercdthis. Beforethe4thofMaiehfiveStates will have dealaied their Independence, and hewaa satisiad that- thiao atbar Stales would follow Sovereignty, to which Mr. Boobabab owes his dee- as toon as the aetice of the peopla ean be had. Ar- tion, is treated, are, tolsay the least of them, to ex-that this Slave-Code plank was In his platform T infatuated, then, must the President be to suppose tliat three-fourths of the whole North will now sanction it ?andfor In no other silly recommendation be explained.can thisTexan Brntss arise to rid his country i^afforms us thaf the Convention of 1787 carefully exclu-ring remedy of statesmen, of still fartlier concessions from the Norih. I agree, Sir, that ander the Constitu-on Ills part cannot possibly do any good, but stay do millions, bnt we hear a few days afterwards of these considerable harm. Themily ^ologywiilch faltfbw same men lieing switched In tlie face, and they trem- adherents can make for these ill-itoiM remarks weald ble like a sheep-stealing dog. There wUl be as war. be that he desired to make the most of one of his very The North, governed by sneh fhr-seehtg statesmen as last opportunitiet of spreadihg before the whole eoun- the Senator from New-York, (Mr. Sbwaxd,) will see try a reiteration Of the views of the foetfoa upon whichHis last proposition is like unto thisHe insists1 listened to the Senator from Northagrte with very much that he salit But I «an tell thatpoor justice,treat the»»made a part of the Constitution!allow the North the advantage of a favored na- tion. There was a 'feeling of enmity betweenIt is to with impossible speak respectWe prpsent distracted condiUon of the rimatiy vti aaCONGSE88IONAI.FKOCEBDING8.in all tory, when power and principle contended—aad if sucha dec- his State would be ready and wUUng to ase^t it But while we a hasa. rna^laiiini at least the forms of friend- igalfeac by Haas as dose miiii hi possl- ttass threats AoaUMr. Hau, of New-Hamp<hire, (Ikep.,) mored that a Paclfie Railroad for the use of the Senate.to the present political aSTalrs of the country, to a Special Committee.business— at a time when, by the confes^slon of the Each Bute wfllaet for- Hself, aad oa Us own napaa- ~||The President's Message is here. It does not erealaMr. enceofthePresident'sMessage,sofarasitrelatesgeneral peacethe Invasion of -Statesbetween the States, andvery daysult, the States of Italy, having for centuries gone through a baptism of bl-jod, and taught by the des- potism of centuries, are coming together to unitethe Message the less I comprehend. I oondude that the President believes it impassible to matotain theof the largest size Paixhan guns, which might per- haps be used to taking the forts.D. Mr.Hali,ofNew-Hampshire,(Rep.) Iwasveryni.,:K ni'i.out ni(MeM:ill.jii the Federal authori- who would take their places, as there was before. 1 own risk,and It was a "of with the re- question policynue.tMlyi,'en)i:,i;tliL rigi,t of Mve^slon :mdn!ilUficaaoathc State to remain. Every s-t^tc has Uie rlsli.t ofIndiana, (Rep.,) movedsu;>i)unh these truth, that the way i,ro;> ilions by quoting plainThe only Inconsistencysuddenly thc Virginia Resolutions ofthe alternative, let it come In anyThe Union is dissolved, and it ooonot be liiidand atrase in IkukI once, by;And if w,ir I5FisTB and Taoni--»», Mayor Babbitt, and many ofcets of the Army that the Federal Government has no risht to enforce as a Union if that U the alternative upon wldch wealso made aspeech to behalf ofthe Cenpany to SecretaryTrotrcji, quoting Gen. Jac£S05 on one side, and thc Uetolu- mined that thc vole of the m»jortty expressed thropresent Capt Stbwabithe laws against a seceding State. Not conUut » i:h If ills anil deter- so Into an election . pronouncedwas eoriottsnrescntcrWs of the Republic.1^ mmim'^^Hmwww.fultonhistory.com^MssSriiifriv^^Jii^g^pro':; iiitioii 1of 1S32, hi.iiseltoni.sLeeii uo such hill passed for the lastPxicx, large has beencaltod on the Ilth Deeember, to concert saehn thn.wjshe says individualmenoftheHe had performed hisduty as to this "'*»'•'• "~^ measures as may be deemed advlsaSIe under tha17'JH, andtrue,but;thc Not one. 1 would bear and forbear revolul ion, without doubt It go" s out of the Union'not te lubmitted to, then. Sir, thi.< is nothim af Baltimore, as he did not say what tency by quoting him on both sides. He sets out with equals. It Is a Union of a dictatorial oUgirchy on do not lntend.to watt tU we are so weak we cannotTHE NATIONAL^ly biporteBl trvm tbt Federal Secretary TonoiT said he was deUghted to welcome ic declaration, according to thc most approved South nota Unloncfeqijals. Iftldt discussion isemment to extinguish the system of Slavery, and weCRISIS. that Capt.StswA»T denied the chargesa UnionofObjections to taking up the bill and refArlng it were stated. In reply to him. declaring secession to be simply a revolutloBary the one side, and a herd of slaves and cowards on the resist The gentleman speaks of South Carolina. persisted to, and on motion of. Mr. SaaxaAa, theof theHouse went toto Committee Whole, on thestole of the Mr. Wasbbitbbb, ofUnion, liUnois, lathe chair.The Committee took np the Military Academy MB. Mr. CuBTis, of Iowa, (Rep.,) oflered an smnadmrnl.providtog that the study of cadets shaU not be ex-^the telegraphic dispatches right and he winds up with the positive and dogmat- other. That It It—nothing more or less. Andthlsls He could tell the that South CarolinaHe had the confidence to tay that his own State would not l>e crisis was at band, and It was weU for Northern men right,which the Federal Government hts no power to that phase of tike coatraverty which is to constantly, behind her sisters la boldness, decision and firmness, to see things as they were from this stand-point. He resist He admits, and even insists in the coarse of perseveringly and continually held up, that the North- and Alabama—proud daughter of his own State—willat this tin»e. k fearful Carolinathat it is aninherent oonsdtutionaledI shall takeproceed- occasion to address myself to.and which pndeShe will undoubt-Bakeb,ofOregon. —w ould have looked things In the faee.somewhat carefully, and if 1 understand U, and IMessage, substantially. Then thc President g^es on to represent this as agreat and powerful country, and1fortunate debate. I rise simply to say, in the presenceof the of the States of the Union, that reiiresentativetmy State having been the first to adopt the Constitu-First—That South Carolina has just cause for seceding. Second—That she has no right to secede. Third—That we have no right tolook clearly in the face of the difficulty,and markoutthink I do, it is thismy judg-HAM, in saying that he hoped no Sen 'tor would followdeclared that he differed from Mr. Cli!I«iia.i In al- the danger. The only way to escape the danger is to we ask Is, that we be allowed to dejiart In peace. .KniDepartment adjournthey ge oat He is understood to l>e a strong Unionana, but gentlemen from his State say they will callapsa him to resign. The question is, can a Federal his bad example. He made a touching appeal to tae look tlie thing in the face. He has acted like the make war on thc North » if he does, let mt^ say to him, Jadge properly and Impartially retain his seat when national and conservative sentiment of Senators. He ostrich—liid his head, and thereby thought to escape once for altthuthe it most egregiously mistaken. Allkis aative State becomes a foreign Govcmmeot 1 Private letters received from Mr. Lixcoui by a spedal Mend of his here, urge moderation and for-ble, without regarding his party or the North, to proposition to divide the public property between the that policy would be, but I did hope it would be de- ican citizen, not blinded by passion, must feel that we hamooize the sections. He in high terms of two sections, and go home. AnJ, by the way, Mr, cisive. But he has utterly failed in that respect I have lieen deeply WTonged, and the accum'ilatedMr. SuEBUAN, of Ohio, (Rep.,) from the Com- passase in the Northern Stales, having nnlltt- «jiy IndividualI;mostthe latterhe had saidbut that heenough,do you mean to say that tlds Is not to be allowed—thatwe shall neither have peace in the Union nor be al- WaysSenatorfr('Ui had said. It Kentucky in everything helowed the poor boon of going out ? titude, then war is inevitable. Wecverytliingresponded by sayingstrangely agreedlook it in the face and I think the didcountry expect from the President some exposition of decided polli^y.' bearance. He desires everything done that is possi- -would t>e difficult to reconcile this statement with his I confess, for one, I was rather indifferent as to whatandMeans,abill makingtheirstatuebooks,toaidIna slave under the Fugitive Slave law, sad eempelllI'!with the'andward to treason and dlbafi'ection to the UnlOn. Bcait-hill wa- liL«t srs'ioii Whole on ilic .-iiate;navy,tlful story, indeed, that we arc to pay them for break- been uttered through the constituted forms of thenow by the fact that lietainingpivenmit. We w:int no war, and we expect none. Wous to do.what he recommended But,ment, he has entirely avoided this.soon appear, presenttog;reportedcaiionrefcaiac ng to surrender a fagiUve stove, tothink that stole of in this looks toI understand there was a remedyright. Mr. IviBSOS, (Dem.,)prominent Uessaue.requlies paymentand nothing else.suggested in one of tlie papers in this city.Of A STATI COHVETTIO.N.the but that the constitutional will of;yetInterests, inlnlsteringedly go follow on theGeorgiairlll be-wasra- The Pension bUl vras read. This, with the MiUtsrr— will find thatwhom they live, and whom among qnoB\jIremarks of their distinguished gaests.of Seaaior Discussion rages high in some of the hotels to-night. weakness and Irresolutloa ; while Ih his recommend- farss relates to toe North. I only speak for one Mils. Repeal them all to-morrow, and. you cannot THE MESSAGE AND THEhour for vlslling the tomb of the Father of his coun- Itonge try. The company teemed deeply impressed with thereiolntions, referring(Rep.,) varfousTtoleat aiaraacveANTI-LECOMPTOW DEMOCRATS.Frtm the PUUitlfkU Pren.The allusions In the Message to the doctrine that rale, Ihehr lastltatiOB woukl not last ten yean, and the Constttutlon establiahes Slavery to all the Terri-aod Secession.the Republicansexcepted,and Iverythe aad Union,wUi have formed a Consti-Mr. SHniuii,of Ohio,offered a seriat o bautches of the I^aal-;Carolina,and II have read itthingduty, If it hesitates, as Mr. BrcuASAS has done, toRicbbosb, Wednesday, l>ee. fi.The Electors assembled in the GapHol to-day atHowthe positions he now aasuaies beta repeatedly exploded, but there teenu to be no raaaoa-otherwise. Let me say further, if there are tbose^lio look to the settlement of this controversy by furtlicr eoacetsion from the North, I think they mistake. I think wewe haveit exists, er may hereafter exist" Mr. Mabibok in- whenever any fault is found, tliere is the ever -recur-slave code The one is suggestion.outtheirthreata. Mentalkabouttheirandallallusionto at;and powerfiul Denweratieto the midst of new and more Important iauas, feiikthe recognitionof the right of property in slaves in the States where mnch, and we have got to that poeUloa of things,eo nomine, in the Constitution, withadeclar-are nulland void. Also, that thi Fugitive Slave law is to be Free States upon the rights they have to recapture fu-preventing citizens of another, and also for the efiicient execution of the' Fugitive Slavelaw.Mr. Cakxbox, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) moved thatit lie made a special order for Monday next.Mr. Latbam, of California, (Dem.,) presented themuch In hopes that there would have been a Messagethat would have commended itself to somebody. Iwas not sanguine of its pleasing myself, but I did hopeIt would please some one, and that the President with to the incoming Administration. Oneof the Couris to South Caroltoa, or en-force the decisions of the judidal tribimals, whetherthe State teeede or not. He has power to collect panies, 50 cavalry, 18 artillery and fig rifle eompaaias, the customs there and he has power of maktog 121 battalions, SS regiments, 14 brigadss aad hokltog t^e forts. I intend to totroduce at fivedivisions.au early day, a resolution to ascertato whether anorder has gone out of the Department to reference tothe matter. I believe the President will precipi',atethe measure he totenj^ to avoid. It will be neces-byail theand reckless of the:certainly will not find me among its supporters.Mr. Bbowii, of Missouri, (Dem.,) said he should not prevent her seceding. That Is the amount of the have spoken, but as 'he Senator hal presented thetion, will be the last to do any act or countenance 10 o'clock. The Brecktoridge Electors, bdisvia«that no Stale has a right to secede from itthat all the understand the President, consists in what Dickkns makes the English Constitu- tion consist—tlie power to do nothing. Now, Sir, 1 think It w as Incumbent on the President of the Uni-theUndon. Whenthe Union would be destroyed by the madness *and folly;tloiiEofhiscountry.^or agamstwhom he had eoa- versed with on the subject of disunion was to ecsta- sies over the Impendtog ruto which overhangs the Union, and that they hoped to God it would eventu-occur.The President's Message gives great dissatisfactionInHe ha^ failed toandpenseswritten a letter, which will his views as to the policy beet calculated to preserve the Union. He tuggests theof a law by Congress making it treason forwhich it wouldon the part of Southern States, but on the part of Vie a free people to submit to ; and with all the calm,:be theIntable Mr. Guow's inoUoiiany sliapc.1jg.jtner;ifmlfht, neecs&aiy,against optolonandquote Jacxsor to show that the former was of theBdchabanUntitled Document-.-iii if,ofwar.',Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 130691ofPost-route bill, returned from the Senate atto-dayceedtogly bad taste, andwooU follow. And though there is a dog in the orcupytog the high posltitm of Chief Magisfrate ofofwill stand to-day aad forever folly acquitted ofupon the record,opoBthetruthhistory,have conceded U>o much,ootupromised toocarryeighteention of the UnitedStates, yonalone he has relied for latterlyprinciple,ileepestdegmilationNxw-OxLXAKS, Wednesday, of the President's Messageand the whole North of the aggression bythem to form their Government and make friendlyand commercial treaties with them. Tbey would bear, and retorted to the most exaaordinary poUttoslmskewill infinitely outweigh and outnumber every aggres-sion by the Free States upon the rights of the South infcgard to their slaves. We are trying an experimentand I believe we are in its crisis. I have never l>eenoftbatnumberof Fourth of July orators who glorifythe country, i have uniformly said, we are but in thebeginning of an experiment AVetalk of ourReputi- lie. Why, Sir, it lias not outlived the ages of the sol- diers who fought its battles and gained its victories. I believe Rome existed as a Republic for MOL years.thetwosectionsdeeperthantliedepthsofhell.ofliberty,orthepatriotsand.sageswhoformedour>IatfaBd has ban laalipMaaBl latMtanMIrt, IOfiC-ttlM, talMMiMIha* af «» rimt^at af mT^formlBg all its functions in relationStatesiiTiamT,their energies for liberty and progress;then, if we,organizationMr. Mabsbau. saidthe State had 383 infantry com-untaught bypastpres-thing straightto know after, then we will urgeforbearancenolonger,andwill trusttotheGodof battles.Mr. Saolbbcbt, of Delaware, (Dem.)—It is not mywhat it Is.coming Administrationto a construction on the sary putMessagesince I had a seat on;thisfloorto find uniform- myselfam far from certain that I shall pot ukc the same positionin to the Administration, and I ly oppositiona and sustain it with honesty and patriiitism, it policy,a to lead to the tendencysaid he consultation with any one.withoutMr. Haiionly spokeforhimsi:lf,to you, in the language I once used to thc Sf^ii i-of secession, but does not ground, and thc remedysay " tor from New-York, (Mr. Sxward.)then reconsidered the vote. wat thus bmiight up for aeiion.with tke rightment is deemed Ineaicientwill go to the right All weBut Ifdetermine to make war upon us, then let It come, andfailed. The [.rincipalIN TEXAS.God defendtheobjectlens in Preshlent Bucua5an*s vetoyourefuse to ietii-. i;o, ^^He rather thought It was souething like revolution. A State went out of the Luiou at herthat the cular letter, signed by a number of gentlemen, to dectthey;If that be the at- feel that any Amer-ic-<k is to be allowed to-From,We believe it Is the intei.tijn c' the the biU, and the I»ostniai:lcr Generalto:16th,March,jected.of course—he has pleased nobody ; and. Indeed, that he has only have listened too much to their aspersions, rather titan tution for a frame of governnaent And, insucceeded in making himself ridiculous, not to say' to their own convictions of what the trouble is. I de- Us opinion, there is nothing under Heaven that dent's Message to tha appropriate StandinK Cnnmit- contemptible, in the eyes of the world. He has de- sire, if this discusaidnprooeeds, to show up what I eonid prevent tneh aeonap^mation. Gentlemen tpeak tee.monstrated nothing so cle vly, in his argument, as his conceive to be the true character of this pneitioa, to of concession—of the repeal of the Personal Liberty At 2 o'clock adjourned.would be the geonteltehmaatnwould oat nft only gothe and la the loae star ofGorenor who wlB not eoasent te eall the only Legis-Coaatitatlon,wayTexas,la the of theway Not havelatare, yet the pubUe sentintmt It to strong thatableforof this old hoary-haadad traitor.There has been a goad deal of vaporing and threaten- ing, bat they casta from the last men who wouldgreatParty^-a topie whkk,ed the Soath worse than England hated France, andhe could tell hit bretliren there was no love lost be-tween them. ILaughter in the galleries.] He thoughtander all these dreumstaocat, tliey had better separ-ate. He should not have said anything, but for theremarks of the Senator from' New- Hampshire, who ure. Strong as is the disposition among the eooserva-live men of ail sections to fix upon a baiAt of reeon- threatened war, as if to frighten the South. War is ciliation which will be generally aeeeptaHe, aadinevitable. Let the Sonth take care. Let the war which will preserve and perpetuate the Uafoa, there come,andwewillmeetthcSenatorfromNew-Hamp- isnoreasonablegroundforsupooeingthatMr.Bv*toA message from the House was received In-StatesformingtheSenateithadpassedthebilltosecure andaretoktogsuchstepsastheydeemneeesaarytoto the States getherSouth,Union;of theto declare whetherorseparation of these States. [Applause.! Her peopledid too much—performed too manyservices to achiev-signed,BxiL and Evisxri.the Electors to-night at the Exchange HoteLiiiittecofappropriation for the payment of the tovalid and otherlawsuponof the WestPoUit MiUiary Academy. Referred to Uie Couiailtlec make full indemnity for said slave to hto owner.pensions;also,a bill for thesupportanyStolelefusmgHe moved the previous question, under theon the fourthsubsequently passed.anytrous effect to dividing, aad distracting the eiisapartia- ularjnncture, which, this tlaebrought the whole energies of his AdmtnistntMa to expedients, to secure the admlmion of Kansas latethe Union underThe remedy which Mr. Bdobabab prnpeee% for Oaconstruction on three Bpedalpotots, wldehbanamaebeing successful or ftilly acceptable to the Boath «f the North. There Is nothtog broad, oon^iraheaslTa, or ttatesmaalike contained to it and, as a plan ef ad-whereupon the vote of the State was cast forI learn from a well known English capitalist, jastAceivedhereto-day. Itisconsideredwas re- as not Interferingpretext he pats ibr-on the 8th of January, said  ,i^-^::^*'.iiSS'-i!iJ-i^.,jL: --.LSafrtiJ