 EW& RAPli^.30, I860. ,4. o-nnd-a-half President in regard totoid a direct |net, bat pte- rin now *b# to tho prin- rt" ports a*he w i jthat Georgia,Convention on ipe ber fo- rromont. Ho-ho contend tovexnent ho entirelyor the promi- to lead thehis present la^l, by aa->xiste.r; Georgia ontrdanee with ttic reasons.X.>w that no hdrawal oCf Mr. Cobb tbc reasons talesinthe h their COB!.eliding.to CongressHis great lag the re- and'tbe re-intelligenceis extreme- *, and the 3*s derange-future un- fthe loan, ecernber, bo *n contrivefrom Con- Treasury h affords a\ Secretary ral weeks* on all de-etiou.>XDwtwitbstabd- m Charlee- >od will be- resigned. IMr. Ham-l pay.the Honae ire to makege before re-nt:2.2S6,sn m1.709,24352third taat f the I>e- it $1,500.- etarjv batpurposes.Mr^Doag- nth.30,18C0. ispatchfroiu* Vance have bined forces?«;kicu Tho bis seal, batacoonnts of by the Gov- hn'i reached, ials there, ave, largely year.i are paid in. the CbiriqUi n the harbor othesuper- Vorks,expected.30, I860,a number of ieir respectsthe rest of axt turkey, er, attendedved by the «u» tronbles- by Mr. Lm- rtedtobare eeived since hens's eloc- ution.nai Kepubli- lay, and had•^fi&m of tho t from Sara- p White, Was bearti-30,1860. :f/r» to-day idge ticket,ticket, 8. moon over30,1860. er, Maine, wad. S h e fO seameoother died Mnbrero.wnd.0. I>$60. portforp. m. lo- arded" by oker, tfe. ti.e -Mine.I^tcr fironaisociateoftheR/ev.Dr.MacauleyintheReformed Protestant Dutc'n Church, corner of Fifth avenue and Twenty-firaterrcet. Ho will deliver his introductoryMrs. Famum's room at the Tremont, when cards Bernion on Su* nduy moi-ning hext^—The Ro-v. ,|. Henry of St. Lonis, Mo., Col. Bird of Trenton, C ol. Titus, and Major Howoll of Arizona, are at the StO'v-cns.House.—Skip; and Town of New-York were once proprietorsfromthedisgraceofbeingrepresentee*"byonowhohas coloredrace.Letus'joininthepurchaseofasmall voted in favor of the Japanese swindle. Tlie resolu- property where we may make an experiment m tho tions also convey thanks to Jacob L. Dodge, esq., for' emancipation of £ negroes and t h ^ r employ- withdrawing from-the contest, to concentrate the en- ment as farm laborers. Such, an oxampiei;X A1v*'?F®T 5 7mmMmm^mm"mwmMW§^ W•;**.'!'/and these were bis conclad^ag words: u/waived for the present. out the condemnation of all the gnests of the house, with- this desertion, he has been conspiring for aCalled at Stuarta house early in the evening afterHaHoweven, 1859; went to South Side with him; was and destroyed the peace of mind of Mrs. Tighe. mouth back to smash up the Cabinet as a cover forThos. Denny.16. It. A. Adams, (full.term).....,-S. B. H. Vance,; ,was made by a lettre de cachet to preventhim from undertakinglus voyage to America. He fled of May, 1834, he diiedj aged 77. But the ruling-i•inst. She brin^i4132,000 in specie. Hor news -important.from Bnroli before Mrs. Burch left home.' JPttKitive S l a v e M u r d e r .Adjourned till 9 a. m. to-day.Cooper Ihsfitnte, before the Mercantile Library Asso-• C a » e . ;*jrhedewsion^tbe extradition caw of the fugitiveshe got to the door the girl returned;' what the girlilras ^Sixpence for old Skip, sixpence for Jemmy,''and so was crowded and the platform covered" with an audi- tended Bevolution in FraiWe. Eeturning to' Erifoj©, stated is true; I was not in the house one hour that ence, a considerable portion of whieh'were ladies, in he journeyed through Germany. When he came bmknight; I remember the 14th ofOctober, 1857, wasU the on to.'the end. "Now," says jomnryy "Iwonder to Paris he attempted to carry oat the plan' be h$d. Mr. Beckwith, for'the defense, read a letter dated United States Court,:thafe day being engaged inl, the what I ought to do with that odd sixpence ? I do all spite ©f the stormy weather. , sketched to Washington. Purcharinga p l a i n ^ o i i »^, friendly and cordial to Stuart that time; don't remem- of December, she confesses six or seven acts of adultery will strive to make a merit of this resignation,, wheneverywhere ,.as . the nation's guest. Y oungEhim on m the . subject; remember a conver- y daylight, and early hours in.the evening, with thefenius, and if it fails to win it will not be his fault,ern World. He offered himself to the American Com- T. Steinbrenner, Simon Hazcltine, Honry.A. Smith •Arnold A. then prevailing, not; to go to America. He answereJbut quite seldom; once when she wanted to seud introduced as the son of his old friend, Robert Stuart;WARD.—The branch of the Republican party in the- ing for liberty, and now.he found men ruddy held asnominations, for school' officers: Commidjianer, Jos. 'hjxauelf before the Continental 'Congress, where he Southwortlr;. Trustee, Jeremiah Lugar;- Inspector, oflered his services without pay. He was made amessage to my wife; never gave me any letters on the next time I saw Mrs. B. was in June or July. '56; such occasions for Stuart; Mary Spauldiug mm been at was going eastward with wife and family; Mrs. BurchUnited States..property, and despoiled of personal rights by thosemy office with Mrs. Burch—think more than once; and Mrs. Farnam, with their familieSj were on a lake when Mrs. Burch gave me the notes for Stuart I have siearner;- introduced them to my family; we reached mentioned, my wif£ and Miss Spauldiug were-present; Buffalo early in the morning; I took Mrs. Farnam have not been in the habit of drinking with StnartPERSONAL.Eleventh Ward, which meets at No. 435 East Houston whose struggles merely for political rights had so inter- street, held.a moeting last night and madethe following ested his soul. Arriving at Philadelphia, he presentedfrequemlv; generally when I have, it has been at his house; have never devined means with Stuart forget- ting on with this business; have conversed with him aboutthiscase;havebeenemployedthelastyear as usual in the produce business; have spent theSabbaths at Hyde Park with Stuart and wi&, while my wife was absent from . home; am laow staying here with them; find Stuart aChas.. Curtiss; to.fiJl.a- vacancy, Ricliardi... Lnriraow.Major-General at once, ranking with Lincoln, and Knox, and Urates, and Greene. He was not yet. 20. His modesty was as great as his merit. ..When Washing-FIRES.IM. WILLIAMing was more intimate with them CVan with any other or unpacked; remember meeting Mrs. Buzch atLo^r OVKRBOARO.—Henrv Maack, a young . ,Jaoies in town; have seen Mrs. BK^h purchasing a JamUy sopply of groceries at Doggexv under myThe deposition of Bicbard W . Tigho. was"Sad.wakes oath that he never had sexoal intercom^ withthe defendant; never attempted to have any; JKver pression is the first busiucss I did for bim, individo-tire Republican -strength on one candidate; also rec- would be followed. ; This may seem a strange project, c w j ^ ^ o n bowrd the pUot-ho*t,Ed»-tn Forre«t, No. J'manrHeI nthem'wasthe same. Joftyj*iw<,*tho samemmsNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, DECEMBER I, I860thinknoonewenthomewithMrs.BurohtMr.Borch wouldseecompany;Ianswered,•'«'Noysheisout;" comes,lookscautiouslyabout him,takesoffhishatgreattemplewfeichwe have/art elevatedto'.._ TheHon.CHAS.SUMNERgave,lasteveningattho alwaysbealessontooppressors,anexampletotheof1pressed, arofuge fortbe rights of t^htanaa face,'=mkhis family, manuring the date of my marriage, as some said that; "j the.girl went to the door; as soon as ftlrs. and empties intojt some small silver, the proceeds of , :isun- tircumstances had arisen making it important; I re- Burch heard the vpice; she said,-« Oh, it's Mr- Far- j:h^^p";'^-He''ipToeeeds';-'to'' divide the money carefully<+*TM^ ^ e r e r , Jones, has been still furthe*po,t- and stating that Mary, his wife, was in verybad health, w;ere there two or three hours;"I returned to the !Tre-*ow>dforafev>days. Thecourttxlaywascrowded, weak,nervous,andunfittoattendherbrother; The mont,beingengagedtocinewith"Mrs.Douglas;I *stage,andfeed,andsoforth. Iguesswe'llthrowup tinuedapplause. ;,.m WmmWmM&m M H09K*t»»'aboot ten or half .past; came after dinneran hour: bell rang and the servant asked; ttf ftlrs.]:.Burch and awaited the^return of Jemmy. In good time h%. MR* SUMNER ONLAFAYETMB-XEV^OEXJEAWS,Friday,Nbvl30,I860.;Arrived«t«anierArizona,fromBrazosonthe23d wrotemeanoteaboutaweekbeforethetroublein Mrs..Burohsaidlaughingly,*f.Oh,youshouldnoth?ivean object of deliffbt ttf the departed souls ofitefooo- rhed, sending^the date; I know I received the note nam—I want toeee bim;" she jumped up, but before into two piles; repeating, as each piece was counted, ciation, his celebrated lecture on Lafayette. The Hall aers.U ^Words like these from a French nobleman por-£i _ . . ^ ELKVXNTH DAY.Chicago, February 15,1858, from Mr. Burch to Erastus case of The People vs., Asay; left there wfthiMr. . Mr. SDMNER entered the room accompanied by Mr, Cayenne for abOdt $50,000, he emancipated th&tiejg^c^^^the hard work; am.outin all weather; that ought to beCorningjgivmg information of Joseph Turner's illness, Carpenter; we went to the Fair ".together? • we mine; but hold OK! .Old Skip furnishes team, and Bryants He was greeted .with ,loud and' long con-and tried the great experiment of free labor, thus At-*',-'*N ing an example to mankind. Iu reference to tnifl; Washingtonwrotbtohim: "The*gcOdne«Of*ydhr.*** mocfc interest manifested intheproceedings. Many letter addressed Corning as " Dear Uncle.'? * dined there about 3 o'clock; John Broughamjand that. Tails. Head,/ by gracious t Skip wins it! WILLIAM CCLLEN BRYANT was called tothechair. hearti« evident in allcircdmBtances,and I am not wir-•colored people of bctb sexes assembled in and around In order to prevent the reading of other letters, the others were there; I invited Mrs. Douglas to go #>tbe Well, let him have it this time.". Up jumps the em- complainant's counsel admitted the following dates as theater witlr me that evening; we went and occumed a ployer. " Hold, Jemmy! I won that last sixpence- ^ e Coort-Honse, ready to rescue the prisoner in case Burch being in Chicago: Sept. 2 and Oot. 5,1857, and private.box; I did not see Mrs. Burch that day] if IHe said: _ . priwd when yoa give, new proofs of it;, Your tete I am glad'^ my friends, to see so large an audience acquisition of a plantation of Cayenne is, a' generoba assembled for the purpose of hearing one of ouJ* most and noble proofof yotrr burnanity, May^xfc please God^ e Court decided to band him over to the United at Syracuse Sept. 7.1 57.did it must have been on the streets; I know I hal no fairly. Jf you had n't given it to me, yea never should accomplished Bcholars and orators discourse- on a sub- that a similar spirit should animate all the jbeopieCor interview with her that day. i have driven a stage for me again !"• ^ ; this country." Thus wrote Washington,-; The great<«t«tes authorities.m a r i n eThe deposition of ft- Mary G. Peck was read! She de-I M s a s t e r s .1S\>7; the day preceding the wedding of Mrs. Burcli was at Mrs. Mather's house from 10 till dinner time, and from 3 to six in the afternoon; the day before thetune orjphice, have any criminal or sexual iuter^ourse. : 8ists of the King, Francis TL.T born 16th? Jim.) 1836; with Mrs. Burch 7 " /by Lafayette to our country, to our own Republic, in the most critical stage of its existence, there is no'con- troversy. For them \v-eare all grateful. For his per-and humane.. Senator Smnner traced the leading fea- tares of the French Kevolntion, and the nofclO part which Lafhyette took in its earBer stage*. lit' 1790.DKTROIT, Friday, Nov. 30, J860.A.-7Never, so help me God, at anytime or ant place and ascended the throne the 22nd May,.1859;- theOa earth, or any act even approaching anything ike it. Queen; born 4th Oct., 1841, daughter of Duke Maxi- sonal character we all cherish a high veneration. And Clarksort related that he met colored officeM* .c€ theIntelligence is received here of the "loss of the wedding was Wednesday., Dcbooner Circassian on the White Shoals, Sti-aits of Cross^xanuned.-r'After questions as to the witness's meansofknowing thetimeofdayonthe14thofOc-milian Joseph of Bavaria, and sister of the Einpressof your presence^ here to-nirfit hi sach numbers declares National Guard at the dinncr-taJde of Lafayette; At Austriaroi"fivebrothersoftheKing—Countde..;Trani, thattherearemanywhocherishandpreserveawarm thattimetherewasnocitizenequaltoLafeyette.* Heborn .1st Aug,, 1838;; Count de Caserta, 28th March, admiration, a generous and purifying, enthusiasm, for mirfit have seized on the suj*eme power, had h*- mm the noble example of his sacrifice dekvered down to*us * .ambition of Caesar or Napoleon. When the Constitu- 1841; Conntde Gigenti,, 12th Jan., 1846; Cbunt do by a generation which has.passed away. Among all tion was established at the Campus Martina, he'wasBari, 15th Sept., 1852; and Count deCastiglione, 28th public men, among public men in all times and all seated next after the Bling, aad-next «o- the Kingtbbk Feb., 1857;alsooffoursistersofHisMajesty—.the countries,amongallthatclasswhohavebeenactors '.theoath to support it. Then believing thatject lying apart from the ordinary strifes and immediate Bevolution was at band. Ot. all men LafeyWe wW posed that Mrs. Mather was married 15th of October, # Q.—Did you on that day of any other day, af any :•. ~~The royal family of Naples, now at Gaeta, con- interests of tho day. Concerning the services rendered its natural representative so long as it remained just• .'• | Bj ' <toehaatMackin.-ic. Shehaspreviouslybeen'reported Airs.MatherfromMr.Burch,askingthedateofher'ashore at the mouth of the Georgian Bay. *TfeeJ&rlff mrinnie Schiffer ._Mackinac, in the late gale, with all on board. tober, 1857, while Mrs. Burch was at Mrs. Mather'sWASHINGTON., FROMwood to-day from Chicago, reports the propeller Kea- course w-cbarged, the witness deposed she first remem- FromOurOwn Correspondent.•P* propeller Ontonagon, which arrived at Callings wbich is one of the days on which the criminal interl bered the facts when shown the letter received by'• \-•;;"; WASBDWOTOBr, Nov. 29, lBSQ. The hbsorbing subject of discassion by dtyandmarriage; he desired the date in order to fix the dateof another transaction which occurred about the same by night at this capita^ m the • state df the Princess Mary, born 24th Mai-ch, 1853; PrincessClem- there are few, unfortunately, who* can compare with ed to- his quiet home. He was eppn recalled, time. Union. Everybody talks about it^ for itjs the en?iaay 14th April, 1844; Princess Maria-Pia, SroVAu^ Lafayette in a course df steady, unwavering virtue^ -^o take the command of the*army orilheCentiRichardB.Carpenter,sworn—ResidedatChicago lifebloodwhichflowsineveryvein,andarteryof gust,1849;.andthePrincessMariaImmaculata,bom Dpnot,donot,then,myfriendsrdoubttheportraituro- HefoundtimotoreturnfromthearmytS'theb«r> The British Government, through the Consul at this from September, 1855, till May, 1859; knew Dawi prosperity and even existence here., The 4>ocu- 21st Jan., 1855. The Queen Dowager is also>with' the ':-of-that virtue drawn and set before you in living Assembly, and where he met and' defl^thelJacc*'*»w.«•-\ « BOSTON,Friday,Nov.30,1860.- p o r ^ b a s presented Xapt. Wilson, of the Minnie J Stnart well since 1857; remember bis being sick aUheei&ingat Giieta. .;"'' .!:''- ;;-';.words by a great artist, Charles Sumner of Boston, ^face toface. But the Reign of Terror was uponfLong-continuedlatibns are as various i^^0^m^^rkp^ivonton, the mate, -with a telescope; and $10 to each o' in March, 1857; Dr. McVicker attended him; he waV them, and it is often amusing to witnes^ the"Schifler, ^with a valuable gold chronometer; Mr. Conl>ea»ont House m the latter part of February or early sick eight or ten days; was prostrated entirely, morei"»k.whom. 1 now introduce to you. /cheering.]':' •. ';'He could preserve himself only By; delugmg the soil ^France with blood; ho chose rather; to* attempt!' -^ —A coiTespbnderit of The JUindon Atlierusum writes•xi»o crew, Abo, a liberal compensation is made for the like a child than a man; was with him every day near- Phases of'thought which this topio eliminateL, as •finom Munich r " Apropos of King Ludwig, some more .;,-' After the applause had suhsided,,Jff. Sumner said: ; escape to Holland, whence he mtendecTtocometo thet5UnsettledtheMoneymarket. is* • ,JEtailroadL I>iwaiter-.ftlrs. Douglas; I remained frOm 7| till 101'; Stuart of oxen behind!" We all thought the figure pretty of one who loved her always with a lover's fbndness- ^The npjpassenger train on the Jackson Brfilway was <«till there; think ..the day we went to the fair-ground sight of a second Medusa's head. It seems King Lud- Nor must, we expect from him perfections that do not thrown on the track eighty miles above this city, to-' with Stuart was Oct. 14 r am not certain. good, and most of the company being Southern men wig once exposed himself to such a fate. H e lifted the belong to humanity. Surely it is enough for your day. No lives were lowt. "The down freight train ran Cross-examiued—Never met a female at Stuart's enjoyed it hugely. • >' vail of an old lady, looked at her face, and dropped it gratitude that he stood forth her constant friend, un-«ammroge and subsistence of the crew and passenger.. ly all day dunng his ilmees; remember perfectly the interest, or feeling, or passion chances to | pre- i L A » I K S A N I > G E N T L E M E N : l a m to apeak to you United States. But he was intercepted and recognizedir«cem«Mifrshalldiebeforeyouarrive. Yours, ISAAC'BURCH.The envelope is marked " private, stop at Richmond the Arkansas River, was burned near Napoleon, Ark., House." .13 Ira A. Allen. Peter MasterHon-SamuelP.Munsoru Alexander Frear. Nicholas Seagrist.the side of his wife. The impressions which he re- a seat nearMount Vernon and the capital of the Federal • ceived there were deepened by a visit to La Grange,rJ?*1 Wednesday night. Boat and cargo a total loss. No Tivea lost.Another letter was written by -Burch to J, V., L.Pruyn, Albany, regarded as most important by the de-17. Wm. DiraninC A N D I D A T E S FOR GOUNCILMEN.Mr. Sumner had visited it in October of last year. It through all the splendid agony of tho empire.•;Alter was a 'five-towered castle, built in the time of Louis le the disaster of Waterloo, Lafayette as a Deputy de-Gros. Its situation was in the level district of. La manded that Napoleon should abdicate, but he would Brie, in- a country filled with orchards and smilingfields, about 45 miles eastof Paris. In a room from listen to noproposition to surrender bim to the allies.lying as he left them.. There^ too, was the speaking- and declared that there existed danger for it .'not so trumpet with which he used to give orders to the much from the bad'passions of men as from those farmers below. He was born in 1756, an orphan, his timid counsels which would substitute compromiseT h e B u r c h SMvorce Case. NAPIKRVJM.K, Iu.., Friday, Nov. 30, 1860.m sending Mrs. B. away;'gives various reasons why storm _by assuming the leadership of secession inhe had nor given in the letter to Mr. Corning a full Georgia. His pretense for this desertion is a differ-account of the graduation of her fall; thenfl^ys three years since Mary became acquainted ence of opinion with the President oh the abstractJohn Hogao. Harris Bogert. John Burke. M.Sullivan.He remained in the Chamber through the rule of theXeeterday being Thanksgi^Tng Day, thetelegraph.closed; conseqjnently we were unable to forward theproceedings of the Burch case. The Court held an af- was an unsafe man, and will have to do with you yet;Thomits Smith. right of a State to secede from the Unions This is 5. Edw'd J.McKee. John Van Tine... Asahol Reed.servants* ball, Ghnetmas Eve, 1857; waS in the room• dominate. I happened-.yesterday in art omnjbus, of his peculiarities are exciting remarks He is much to-night of onewho early consecrated himsellf to human by.troops of the Royal-allies, by whom be wascarriedll averse to ladies' wearing vails. in the streets, and frei- [ freedom; and throughout a long life became its knight- succesBivelv to the prison of Wesels, Magdeburg, and \ with Stuart, playing cards; he left about half-past and secession • of course was the theme, since quently stops-those-who have their vails down to ad*- ' errant, its hero, its apostle, its martyr} who strove for Olnlutz. From these dungeons he expreswdy in lotter«|eight to attend the ball; saw him return to the room, there is no other news recognized in; good or bad :it as no man in all history ever strove•> who suffered written often with a toothpick in lemon-juice or.vine-v• once with white kid gloves; I saw him about half- just them;pioperly.. The other day he was seen talk- gar blackened with soot, his firm conviction that amid past- Dine in the baU-room; remember the society. The course of South Carolina was much ing with three ladies in the street whieh bears his : for it as few'have''suffered; and'whoso protracted alTthe shocks of anarchy liberty would not perish. *1• . i .X a t e r f r o m H a v a n a .N»W-ORI.KAN'S, Friday, Nov. 30,1860. The steamship De^Sato from Havana on the 27thJnet. has arrived.Fresiijghts -were inactive. him to the Fairground; was with him two hours; it bonnet in a way suiting the artistic fancies of the path/ ciple, the most steadfast integrity, and the loftiestExchange on London was at 13^-S>141 per cent pre- was 12 or after when we went there; returned to the be a Maryland farmer, joined in- the conversation, ron of Schwanthaler and the friend "of Thorwaldsen. courage, civil and military. There is but one person Jrnum, and sight dralts on New-York at 3 per cent Tremont House together; remained there about three- fnd Wthi a shai-p twang to his voice, remarked that in aU history to whom this description^ is appli- premium. r quarters of an hour, when he said he had an engage- He then let them proceed, and, of course, all let their cable; and even if your distinguished chairmanfair in Chicago, in October 1857; , be- criticised, especially as to her attempt to drag the career, beginning at a period when others- are • still at [Cheers.] His thoughts were atill upon the poor Afri- * Sugarwaadullat8ireals.Theharvestwaspromis- heve on the first day of the fairmet bouth,oratleasttheCottonStates,intorevolution. name,andinwhichhetakesadailywalk,liftingup school;,andendingonlyatthattombwherehetardily canslavesinCayetone.Inthewreck:ofhisgreatfor- Sag. Stuart in the United States Court-room; went with A homespun-looking character, who turned oiit to the vail of each one and laying it on the top of her descended;, so conspicuous always for the-purest prin- tune he knew not what had become of 'them> but he-Tbe,poh*tical Tntelligence from the United States bad ment to dine with Mrs, Douglas; then left me and _bouth Carolina in this business Temirided him of a vails down as soba'as he1 was out of sight. One would- had not announced my subject, you would alhbave an-trusted to his wife to take care that they should not lose their liberty. Search history, and nothing more touching could be found than those words' from that bolted dungeon. But then liberty had been confiscated with his property. The relatives ofhiswifewerenearlyallmurdered"bytheguillotine, and she herself was saved only by the sudden death or Robespierre. Shesentherson,GeorgeWashington Lafayette, to Washington at Mount Vernon,.and^with her daughters, went to share ber husband's captivity. An unsuccessful attempt to escape rendered :his- situ- ation still more boneless, and he was buried bevond hope until he was liberated by the sword of Napoleon. He then went to Hamburg, and found protection underNXW-ORLEAXS. Fridav, Nov.30, 1860.startedup;SenatorDouglasandwifewereatthe PrmceGeoige'sCountyteam." "Andwhatsort thinkthatin.a<townsolittlerenownedforbeauty,the ticipatednipwhenIpronouncethenameofLafayette. Tremont House; was about 3 o'clock when he left ot a team is that?" inquired a. listener: " Why," wearing of a vail might be considered a merit, and that Surely, if ltbeirty be what philosophy and the humanme;sawhimthesameeveningatthetheaterwith saidhe,"alittlejackassinfront,andalargeyoke therashprofanerofitwouldoftenbepunishedbythe heartalldeclare,thenmustwereverence,theexample• into a broken ridge, killingthe conductor and engineer. room durmg bis sickness.-• The engine afterwards exploded. Reexamined—Saw Stuart at Springfield a portion ofThe Old Public Functionary ia much hurt at his instantly, saying, 'Madam, you are right.'" exclusion from the prayers of the -South Carolinaterrified, unshaken, trampling on all the blandishmentsof youth, of fortune, and of power, keeping himselfsternly aloof alike from emperor and king, giving him the American' flag; in the nouse of our Consul. v,«JBK«Several bridges have been washed away by the re- the legislative session of '57.churches last Sunday. He admits having long oent rains; but efforts are making to forward passen- " The following letters were then put in for the de- known his condition to be bad,: but he had. not be-CITYPOLITICS.self singly to- this great cause, with a soul as fearless and irreproachable as Bayard's, from whomgenerals and kings received knjghthood, as independeht-as«Cato whoalonestoodoutagainstCcesar,and as gentle as the beloved disciple who leaneu on the Tbosom of" the Savior, and alone,- \of all the di8ciples followed him to the crossj Oftenletters showed that he bad once conceived the,plan of buying a farm either in Virginia, or in New-England, not far from Boston. He says to his wife, in a better datedAug.5,.1799,that in.spiteofthe natural attractions for him of the Federal capital, hegexaasusuaL-Arrest of Abolitionist* in New-i>rleuMxn.fence:To EBAKTCB GoKxnretfore supposed it was past praying foiv What grievesNrw-OnxxASs, Friday,'Nov. 30, 1860. which consigM*her forever to Hell. You mutt come here ai Three AbohticniMts were airested in tbiscitvyes- onco, and take care of her. Sho: may stay under my roof, hut terday. wparate from me, until you havo time to come here. DavidState applauded him so much- as that where the pulpit is now used to preach secession, and where the name of "the President of the United States"Jno. L. Bleakley. 3. Geo. C. Byrne. 5. J. H. Brady.: 1" should find •hi' Virginia negro slaves, lor the when in Paris, an invalid, Mr. Sumner said that hehimmostisthefactthat,whenhelecturedtheYaa MY DKAX UNCLX: I am in the deepert affliction. My wife kee clergy in his Silliman letter, two- years ago,.noCHARTER NOMINATIONS.CANDIDATES FOR ALDEKMJKN.Di»t. "Republican. • Tammany. TAozarl.1. Heury Smith, Hugh G. Crozier. Hugh G. Crozier.xr» T\ ,t. •.hn» played fal»e. with me; she ha» committed an awful offense,. . .CHICAGO,Jan..16,'60.fc.inaxt ba« debauched hex repeatedly, and she confesses it. Oh!for Cod s sake, hurry out! Telegraph me when you will arrive. is put outside the pale of grace. In view of all his 7. Daniel Darrow, Dr. Chaa. J. Chipp. Thomas Lawrence.for everybody-.exists in Virginia for the whites alone." L stonewhichmarkedthespotwhereLafayettesleptby "AlthoughtherearemanyreasonswhyIshouldpreferMfense, from its contradictions by evidence, and it's un- the Administration, Mr. Cobb now proposes to retiresacrificesforthoSouth,andhisvaluableservices, 9.IsaacDayton.'. AdamLilhum..- Mr. Buchanan thinks South 'Carolina might have 11. Gen. Win. Hall. Alexander. Frear.spared him this indignity in his declining-years and 15. Wm. Haw, jr. Andre Froment. John S. Bettu,departing power.After bankrupting the Treasury and bursting upJohn Kinsley, Jacob Voorlue.. Henry W. Genet.where Lafayette spent the last thirty years of his life. Union, yet I should prefer a seat near Boston." Buti he retreated to La Grange again, and remained there ^supported charges; in it Burch justifies his course from the Cabinet, and seek shelter from the-coming 4. G. L. Dougherty. Geo. 2, Bickford. John FaganC. H. Hall. Goo. A. Barney. J. D. Costar. Morgan Jones.. JOB. W. Hawks. Henry Closewith Stuart; soon thereafter, your wife wrote her he a mere sham, and nothing else. When he differed Jos. L. Perley. J. H. Houghkirk. Fred. Kipper..Stuart and Mary together at parties; gently counseled, very willing to hold his own opinion and let the. |g5oj remember tlie time the clock arrived by express; hernot to have anything to do with him; I never let President express his. Mr. Cobb wants .to- be elect- 6. Alex. H. Keech. John Dolan.m&i;.out all these. hospitalities, binding, him by new ties, ne •we she had seen Stuart and, Mrs. Burch committed,unfastened; theiractionslongsinceledthe this Administration. His was the master-spirit Independent.—Vlth Dist.—JohnG.Shaw,JohnB.Gaw. he.fitted,outavessel;athisownexpenseinwhich t> Africanslave. All"thismighthavebeenafittingcrown2KJvternoon sestdon only.Mary did not heed her; in the Summer of '57, I saw on the Tariff, he never thought of resigning, but wasHy. S. Jennings. E. C. Malloy. Isaac H.McGay. Anthony Miller; Simon Hazeltine>John Byan^. Henry A. Smith. M. C. Gross..Thomas J. Carleton. Ed. L. Marphy. John N. Reynolds. Thomas Kane.for principle. [Loud and long continued applause.] father having died on the field of Minden- Bus mother His Parliamentary career was interrupted by a visitA axlE leeton" ^0 I 8B testified that she lived with Bnrch inJohn G. Haviland- .Hy. K. Blauvelt.died soon after; leaving him with an ample fortune and.a historic name. But. as some were bom poets and which belongs to the poetry of history. . This waa, »£toart was not present; saw Stuart there lour times, paws an opportunity, when offered, whereby I could ed- to the Senate for six years, and he has made . and once he was denied by Mrs. Burch; Burch was present to her knowledge facts concerning his bad several excursions to Georgia in thelast few monthsAbraham Lent. JohnM. Grath.H.r T. Cleveland. James Gumbelton. John P. Gaw.Vl illiam Ortou. John Gibson. Arthur Ashrauty.others painters, so he was. bora to his labor. Liberty the visit to the United States in 1824. He had alwayscast a longing, lingering look toward this land, and .was-with him a passion, and, as he used to say, a geo- proudly avowed himself an American in heart, as hepresent at one of his visits; Mary Spauldini' was pres- *. ent at another.Isaac Barrels, sworn—Have known Mrs. Burchcharacter, for the purpose of warning her against hav- irg anything to do with him; the financial, disaster of '57 called me to Buffalo; at that time she confessed ti:at btaart pressed more fully upon her his seductivefor that object only. His competitor, Mr. Jverson— •'. J. 1). Gttiwoll. Alexander L. Shaw. Stephen O'Kara.metrical certainty. When at school he lost a prize fdr. a composition describing a perfect ^horse/because he depicted it as throwing its rider at sight of the whip. At the age of 16 he married the beautiful daughter ofwas American in principle. His early compeers were now numbered with the dead, and be was the onlyeor- viving General of all those once gathered about Wash-tance the Fall of 1850; knew Daniel Stuart intimately; appliances, and- on Oct. 14, 1^57, they had adroit Secretary of the Treasury has- tried to turn Stuart and myself »at up with Mr.. Turner at his lastillness several nights; Mrs. Burch's maimer was carnal intercourse; from- this time to the 24th his plank by the profession of a superior zeal, andG. T. Bnrns. Luke Cnrren.J. W . Marshall. Alex'r Brandon. C. C. Pinckney...Alexander Ward..George W.,Meeks. Ed.Timp«on;connection- and-opening for himself a brilliant careertry had grown in wealth and power, and all now rosethe present incumbent—has always bee^an honestTho.Stephenson. Timothy L. West. 7. J. T. Trotter. Jacob M. Long., •William Baird. John Conway. Roger.Dowling.extremist, and therefore is now in line..But theChas. McCarthy. Patrick RuBseli.Dan'l Townsend. John Brice. . Alex'r McMullen. the Duke of Noailles, enlarging his aristocratic ington. But the people had multiplied,-and the coun-at. Court.. But lift left tlie splendors of Versailles to to meet his coming, , and he was welcomedfrom the lips of an English officer the story of Amer- gress,—all'vied in demonstrations of devotieh and gratitude. Tt belonged to the glory of Lafayette to a >out l rs post, our servants, and one vile fellow named Burrill, Politically and economically considered, this P. Dodge. Vlth Dist.—Charles J. Holder, Edwin R. Wilbur, ican valor and independence, and there determined to have inspired this sentiment, as it belonged to tne gloryZI**!"*2****_* ***-Bnrch.onenight;wesatnp.afriendofStuart's;soboldhadtheybecomeinthemovementisquiteworthyofCobb's-,schemingJohnC.Ham,H.A.T.Gronborry,Wm.C.Bross,WilliamE.- profferhisswordtothecauseoflibertyintheWest-' F.K.Hurlhut.'JosephMurphy. J. Pecare. Joseph Shannon.which a window overlooked the farm-yard was the' Bourbon. He was here the representative of liberty, deskwhere hekept,hisfarm,books,whichwerestillwith him since May, 1858, but says she has had no he has only ninety days to serve,,and; a.icostly Win- Union.—TVth Dist.—CharlesB-.Bell,..B*njmuiu IK. -ECiinpoclc, take a commission in the French army." As a Fron«hr and old, men and women, towns, cities, Con-ber Fanny Burch's entering the room when Mrs.Burch was reading a letter, which she gave to Stuart, ter in Washington to contemplate.. > . -WilliamJH. Sage. Luther E. Burk, T. D. M. Wright, James S. Turner. Vth Dist.—Wra. H. Palmer, George H. Raymond, Lewis A. Walker, Marihus Willets, Bartholomew Refed, John.Captain at-Metz, in the autumn of 1776, he learnedconnection with him for the last 16 months; constant v"wh© put it in hi* pocket; recollect a conversation-with notes passed between thenij through agency of the' Jwith Joseph; told him that Mm B. was in a familyI .^a>"J never before made any communication to ractiee, that Mary says they had frequent connectionFrost. 'VUth Dist.—Jacob M. Long, S. D. Bingham, £ , T. Cam- field, O. S. Holden, Stephen S. Roberts, J. B.^AtwoodLof our country to.• have felt it. As there was"tnever missioners, but they advised hixn, in the dark prospects' such a guest, so therewas never such a host.' Through-(to fill vacancy)..with him all the evening except half an hour when he colleagues. Mr. Thompson and Mr.. Floyd have 17.. Sam'l P.Paterson.Thomas Kennedy. Thomas Kennedy.passion was .strong to • the last: as at the bo-..>;-s across the Pyrennees and went on board his vessel in a ginning, so at the end, ho was all for fWdom. ; - wSpanish port. In.a letter,to his wife written on thevoyage he said: " I hope that for my sake you wilhbe His last political speech was in beh*u^"6f po- k,'"'a good. American. This is a sentiment proper for vir- litical refugees seeking shelter in•--• France from J&., tuous hearts. Intimately allied to the happiness of the arbitrary power. The last lines traced by his;hand; ^whole human family is ' that of America, destined, to and whichlhe rose from his.dying bed to write, attest become the certain and sure asylum of virtue, honesty, • his joy at that gie^ta**" er.emancipation by'which /- England, at an exj^se of one hundred millions of ^ ' # toleration, equality, and of.a tranquil liberty.' WhatThe letter was very lengthy and repeats the charge his own retreat, by making a Southern test among hiswent into the house to see a client; I waited outside that Mrs. Burch was making assignations with Boyd 10. Jas. Fairman.for him; was with him till 12 o'clock; recollect his tell- and Stuart at various times when the family were out, snapped at the bait, and may. or. may not follow his 19. Mich'l A. Reed, ing me he had spent his Hallowe'en previous at Boyd's; and concludes: lead, as circumstances happen to direct. {If any (full term).C.Godfrey Ountu*r.W«ure D. Parsons. ...'.•; than I possessed, and such other mental and moral influences aswere inquiries as to the health of my wife; they were I was enabled to bring to bear. I deem her the smartest woman which is to withdraw next week, but on terms ofbrought oy Burch's gardener. for mischief 1 ever saw, and woefully depraved at heart. 1 have professed friendship with the concern. Mr. Cross-examined—Been at ChicagoJive years; was felt the sustaining power of God in the proseoution of this won-dt-rful task I have had to perform; and in all'the devious ways in Buchanan does not affect to conceal his £rst introduced to Mrs. Burch in lb55,1 think; spent which I have arrived at the final disclosure, I felt God ever feelings at this breach of good faith ohown;. Miss Spauldinjf told me not to say any- Niack to prove the charges made in the letters were thing about her seeing Stuart and Mrs. Burch false.In the library; don't know that I made any reply; Opposition was made and the evidence was ruled wenttoBurch'sperhapsasoftenasonceaweek;don't out. Adjournedti!12p.in..Chris. Schwartz, • the description he gave me of Gaines was impressed on " Thin whole matter I have- ferreted out by the most difficult thing should turn up unpromising at home, Mr. (to fill vacancy). .• .my mind; have receive*! notes from Mrs Burch; they oi all processes by cross-examination, affecting more knowledge Cobb may even yet repent • of his present purpose, .20. J. Quackenbush.Nelsoit J.Waterbary.worked with and through me."wife, says: " The farther North I prooced/the more I cles was again fulfiBed, that the whole earth is the^'••'.;•'* likethiscountry and its p«ople." [Loud applause,] sepulchreof an illustrious man. Judgehimbywhati1^'.a considerabletime with Stuart duriug leisure time, the part of one to. whom he has yielded lometiiaee at his house, and sometimes at my The defence offered the evidence of Arnold and so muchy of his confidence and regard.Valentine.-Union.—XXIst.Wcrd, Johii Dearborn, Jeremiah If. Mc-Loughlin, John Davenport.SCHOOL REFORM TJCKKTI.—A meethig was held lasteveningbyanumberofcitizensoftheNineteenth naturemusthavebeentroubled. HehadleftFrance, somuchforHumanFreedom,soconstantly,against^ Wai'd to nominate a School Reform Ticket. After con- where, although there was despotism, there w.a«ino such'difficulties—ia youth shewing the firmness of age>'-*;j* r I sultation the following was selected. place for. this degradation;., where; although there were and in age.showing the ardor of youth. H e - \ m % lthink I met Stuart there that Summer; sometimes I AFTERNOON SKSSION.jnet Burch and sometimes not; have frequently talked At the opening of proceedings, David Stuart ap- scarcely a friend to welcome him, of the many -who about Stuart with Mrs. Burch; never did any errand peared in Court lor the first time. "When Mrs. Burch were so eager to be regarded in that category four for him to her; have been at the house with Stuart; entered they mutually recognized each other in a friend- years ago. His old intimates* and most confidential met him. there at a wedding party given to Mrs. Banks; ly and unembarrassed manner.never remember finding him alone with Mrs. Burch;have carried three notes from her to Stuart's office;abe has sometimes called at the door of my office,and Mrs. Burch to the depot; saw them off; next occa- sion wasat aparty of Mrs. Farnam's orJndgc Dickey's; David Stuart was the first witness; witness deposed:resided at Chicago since daily in the Spring or Winter of1856;amalawyer;Mrs:Burchneverinherlife came to my office, under any pretense whatever; was first introduced to Mrs. Burch in the Spring of 1856, at a party at the Tremont House, by her husband;, Bnrch was an old acquaintance and friend of my father; I—The Hon. Messrs; C. B. Sedgwick of Syiacuse, H.WilHon of Massachusetts, Daniel C^ark and G..Mars-ton of New-Hampshire; Gov. Randall of WiscoRsm,, RKPUBEICAN. MASS MEETING IN T:-,IE TWENTIETH ton apologized for his raw and undisciplined troops he C.Hamlin,esq.,ofMaine,andJ.C.BuruhamofCu-ba, are at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.pleasant gentleman with tastes that suit me; was engaged as solicitor in an important case of thehave been more intimate with Mrs. Burch than her husband, inconsequence of relations; am not myself directly related to the family; have had business withBurch some time since; not latterly; have seen Burch went with her; Mr. and Mrs. Farnam, and Jos. Tur- of Rhode Island, and J. M. Asldey of Ohio; Capt Lee, frequently at the house; never sought an occasion to ner accompanied tho same party home; I was with.visitw-hile he was absent; knew Carlisle Boyd; don't Mrs. Burch and Mrs. Farnam all the evening until the of the U. S. Navy, Judge McL«an of Sm-atoga, and J.yemenlber he and Mrs. Uurch erer coming to my office togetbeK tlrink they have been once at my house; think Stusrt and Mrs. Burch were at my house toge- therintheVailof1850;recollectwhenmywife was kick,Mrs.Butchandneicescalling;recollectonetime, while IKved ox. the north side, Mr. and Mrs. Burch galling at my hoiw;.£paulding bad an errand;\Miss Spaulding was cousin have been there; was part oi the time delirious; Mrs. to my wife; there was r*t concealment about Mrs. B. was kind and attentive during my illness; sent mejBorch'smannerofgiving\ethethreenotes,nor manydelicaciesfromthehouse,throughMrs.Faruum, Stuart never desired me to saVjiotbing about it; my who, with her husband, visited daily, my room;, neverwife frequently visited Mrs. Burxb, and Miss Spanld was at Burch's house when a clock was receivedfrom the hitter part of February till about the 15th ofMarch, I was pretty ill; during all the time Was abed; . and daughter were Vjth her; don't remember Mrs. had a very severe attack of bilious fever; Mrs. Burch, Burch coming to my 0$ce, except when she or Mary never,* to my recollection, came to my room; she mayion of his conbtituentH in case of his election., peared, because there was, uo slaves there, buteauality 1 •";,'» i iDuring this time a Conference Committee was in for all. [Loud applause.] After the sun-enoer. at NEW CouNTEXFKiT-^Euforptation that new eountesession, endeavoring to unite upon a Union School York-town, he aided much in the foreign relations ofticket. Before they made their appearance, resolutions' the-" United States, and our Embassadors were iiu. |feit$2bais on the Bank ^Litchfield County, New*were oilerod indorsing Gen. William Hall us a candi- structed to consult Lafayette. In a letter to Wash-- ' Milford, Ct., bad bc^j* "fssued was received at P o u e e ^Direct examinatVon renamed—When Mrs. Burch was .at my house in the Fall of 1859, Mrs. Thomas Bnrchthe U. S. Army; LU Van Grant and I. Ji. McKinley of the U. S. Navy, and Dr. McGary of Virginia, are at the Metropolitan Hc-iteh A <• •Q., B. and Chicago R. R.; Buach was related closelyuncertain which; Mr. and Mrs. B. were present; sawher next,'I think, at the masquerade at Bamsey's; F. M. Edward* of New -Hampsh?re, Wm. D. BraytonII.Antftoh,jr.,madeaveryeffectivespeech. 3Ie.was thath*shouldh&ye'.aseparatecommand*.Soon.,after thestableNo.55Ridgestreet,ocoupiedby.JohnFar-~ followed by Mr. Edward Gilbert, who spoko in thc^ came the victory of Saratoga, and the declaration of rell,- and an alarm promptly given, when tho firometu. highest terms of the General, and said that-if he waa war against the British by tne French. After two- succeeded in extinguishing, the names hefcte muaVyearsofBervlce, he returned to France, where he was elected to represent the Twentieth Ward in the Com- received with national ehthhsiaam. He says that he, mon Council he would never allow such a scheme as suddenly found that he was consulted, by all thethe Japanese swindle to pass,.even if it^ took.the 7th Cabinet, aid what was much better,, kissed by all t&eRegiment to stop it. The General himseif was vo- ladies. 1% was largely through his influence that the & Tbonipson, cornerref Twenty-eigjath street and; Kiev-'the house' of the Burches had been for a Army;tu-eattheNew-YorkHotel.ong time the only house in Chicago at wbich —The.Hon. J. A. Collier of Binghamton, R. A., I vhited frequently; was sick at the Tremont House Eddy of London, Eng., T. Wheaton, and A. PipeJr ofwasgreetedwithdeafeningcheers.HIHremarkswere camewiththeexpeditionk\mself,,andtbi*timelanded in\*olvingaJfoesofabout$i,500; The.^fire- not in South Carolina, but at^oston, for which place-played; partyhearing of Tremont, hi* at Springfield at the4 WW*' yhed overboardand tow, oa tl» sSdinrf., duriMah- "'remember at theMrs. think time;ommending the school officers as men of talent and, in-, tegrity, and finally recognizing Daniel. Townsend, th. J candidate for Councilman, as a man whose vote in,tk» Board of Coimcilmen is recorded against any a n l•every corrupt scheme?Mr. John McKechhie, from the Committer on Con-but I prefer for the cause to be called fooush rathK than by the opposite conduct to be called wise**' f^ond applause.] Truly they were right to appla***thosewords. self-sacrifice,the^samenob^ne^.^hichmarkedhisconsecration of himself fa our cause. Viewed in thisbirthiight of all mankind. In a subsequent visit hewas the gnept of .Washington at Mount Vernon.- Atthat time in official'answers to official address^ oiSouthern Legislatures'he openly called upon 'tbeaV toyearsw Mvrgala,-wereIFaiawnams.a absentmy relations with Mr. B. were intimate and familiar; have done business for him as his generolty; my im-almbttHe^*** aboatta ycaw oi ago, and, a >MttT«OfJ.* .- s—:— ,T_suggestedsuchathing;neversaworknewofadestH <0ty,wasintheSpringof1858;hadbeendoingpro- ofaline,ofomnibuses..Intheiremploywasadriver or advance on her part leading to such a thing. t'eshlo«vi,l business for the bouae.long before Septem- named Jemmv-a good mim, cai-eful to get all hisference,thenenteredtheroom,andreportedthatthey had united upon School and other officers,, and tho fol-light, American I&derendence itself: became but a stage. JWDB». ''''&§& DE K A Y _ I n Nevr.HftTen, on Friday, Y?ot. 30, >au», yooa»aatrchildofthelateDr.Jamoa«.I>«Ka-y,agedla,^^ 7 -T^ The burial will tak« placoa* Haaiy^oad, l ^ l a h m d , tmiiiwdl*:ately aft,r the arrtvatortho 1« o^o^UaSftoaxthi^oaS,HOUOHTON-IuJBrooklyn, ^ Houghton.-le, more than any roan in or out of the Cabinet, isGerman Independent.—Vth Dist.—Jame« W..Olson, George• cation with Miss Spaulding, when she told doors of the library, or parlor^ or wherever it was responsible for the blunders, follies, and crimes, of Ronson,.Edwin Spronl. • that he wished to go while there was yet danger, am kept the loyalty of his heart. He did. not forget the 'i'},:.• in the library with his arm around her waist; told servants to say among themselves that Mrs. Burch which controlled the weak mind of the President'on Mozart Independent.—VIIth'Dist.—Dwid Armstrong, Robert make the voyage.. Before setting sail he visited^to bis exalted life; but his country called, and be rewas imprudent, although they protest they never sus- Leary, William McManus, Bernard Coatello, Peter Couley.* "})ressed him to- stay, and asked, " Why cannot you stay was conducted on foot through the streets where.>MI- onger?" Said Lafayettoj "May it please yout- the conflict was hottest, to the. City Hall, aad.-^-^ lMajesty, I have a very.-special engagement, which if once again placed at the head of the National Guard ofJ$P; your Majesty were aware of, you would not invite me France. In hisJast days, in reference to America, he $£&, Stuart of the fact a few days after; told Mrs. Burch g Lecompton, and seduced him from the policy which SCHOOL COMBriSSiONERS.turned to Paris, where, surroundedby a small company^ ^ England, where he was so well received that the King of friends, this venerable citizen, now.73 years of age,' * \also afterwards; saw and mide a copy of the letters :cted anything criminal; he warns the friends of Mrs.©f Mrs- Burch to Stuart on the subject; was at Stuart's urch that, 'although she may appear innocent, they abandonment are now witnessed, and when the 1. Thos. Core. Charles McKay.he had originally marked out. The results of that Ward. Republican. Tammany. boose on the ni^ht of the meeting of the historical must not trust her; says the springs of her nature are 2. Wm. Buckley.Mozart.society at W. H. Brown's; Stuart was present the polluted; she. has passed through a hardening Administration is on the eve of its exodus from 3. Robt.S. Gould,jr. ....E. B. Heath. Philip Crehun.Henry Bateman. Johu Galvin. ..Win. Van Arsdalo. Norman McLeoct.LewisWitherington.. Johnn.Collins.Orlando P. Smiths John W. Murray..whole evening; not out of the room more than fiveto ten minute* at anyone time; had a conversation « "with him that evening about Mrs. Burch; the Wednes- day evening following its receipt, Stnart read me aprocess that seldom, characterizes the •>downfall of power, when the bitter fruits of its errors, are visi-; .4. HenTY S. Leask. James Lang^don-.7 portion of bis reply to the letter of Mrs. Burch. Thedefensehereproposedtoprovewhatwasin re-vitation to inspect troops against whom he was so soon upon him, his emotion broke forth in the imprecation,toarrayhimselfinwar. "T met them six months thatheneverwouldhavedrawnhisjswordforAmeri- afterwardatthe-Brandywine,"saidheinhiscabadheknownitwastofoundanationthatwould' old age. Returning to France,* an attempt sanction humanvSlavery. The time was now at bandothers; cites several instances of her faithlessness atBye Beach, a few years' since, where she carried on amost scandalous love affair with Isaac N. Arnold ofole everywhere, and. when those who have enjoyed its confidence and favor should at least, die with har- ness on their backs, Mr. Cobb finds, it convenient to5. Jas. r.Dupignac. Jas. B. Dunamjngnacto stay.." He was even, asked to be present at a re-view of troops about to embark for America; bat hinice senseof honor compelled him to decline, as he di..not think it right to take, advantage of a hospitable insaid that he could not understand how men who: had'1was? fought for their own liberty could deny liberty tothis city, which disgraced her with every person there ;a love affair with Capt. Mack, at Avon,*fouryears ago; retire, leaving the Treasury, empty, and all his 10. David Wilier. Wm. Coffin.11. Chris. Metzger. Wesley Smith. sofardidthey carry matter**, that Mackproposedto false estimates and exaggerations saddled 13. Thos.Brown.others^ At ^ one time when this inconsistency glaredplyinordertoshowthattheletterrepelsamyideaofelope:againatSachem'sHead,intheSummerofvpon whoever may be willing to grasp14.Hn'yvonLinden.H.P.West.., criminality between the parties; objected "to; point lJ-59, she nad a flirtation with Mr. Tighe, which drew that barren scepter. And not content 15. Er'ts C. Benedict Charles D. Browa.when his career was to draw to a close. On tho 20thBut he is, like Lear, after he had? parted with his kingdom to the ungrateful children, powerless and contemned; PoorOldPublicFunctionary! He wiD return to his dreary home at Lancaster, withorders."Commissioners—Addison BrowD,.La-v*"yer; Christiajiijchwartz,Button Manafacturer. Inspector.—William il. Scheablt, Super- man had a right at least to his wife, his child, andi to intendent 3d-avenue Bank. Trustees.—Henry S. Armstrong, himself, and where the boast was proudly made, and Builder; Charles H. Hull, Mercliant; William H. Maiion, Brokor.m •respected in judicial proceedings, that the air was too pure for a slave to breathe. [Loud cheers.] j He had of her family, I asked an introduction to her, and was so hard and long, to make him President of the-- RKPUECUCAN SCHOOL CONVENTION, S E V E N T H come to a land where an oppressed people were fight-intimate-y and financially with gentlemen connected with that road; being acquainted wich some memberscompanions of former years, are they who now most openly proclaim hostility, and who refuse to tolerate any intercourse with the man for whom they toiled6.7.8.9. Jas. W . Faror.Patrick Wade Peter Crawford;-,.';*««'•. . . .21. Wm. W. Nye. M. Dettiudorf. H. D. Deforest....•;mmin the events which make up the history of the world^ the Bevolution had done its work, he •retir-John T. Hen^r.Law. M. Van Wart. Sam. J. Montgomery. had turned aside to see the simple slab of red free- equality wbich in the Northern States exists |Henry W. Genet.Jeremiah Benson.22. Jas. Marriner. ....' '- . . . .Independent.—Vllth Ward, Mahlon T. Hewit.—VHIth Ward, noble words were these! He landed on the coast; of dollars, gay* tteedom. to 800,000 slaves. Sueh'waa^fv,Wm. Tucker.-Xth Ward, John F.Bailey.—XI Vth Ward. Henry South.Carolina. He made his ^way mostly on horse-, ij^isty^xxe. At the tidings of his:.'death there.WM^,--' P. West.—XVJth Ward, Nathaniel jEllis, J. W . Murray.—XVIIth Ward, Gerson.N..Hermann—XVIIlth Ward, A T A . back to Philadelphia, and, writing of the journey t-o.lite mourning in' two hemispheres, and the saying of Peri- ^.',His attention had already been aiTested hy " t h ehe did throughout a long life, and. we must confess hisrA •• greatneest judge him by the motives of his- life, a n d ' % . we must Bow with reverence before.him. In all bia^'^gj?black domestics who-.cameThen for the first tiine.he looked upon a slave, and hiswhole subsequent life showed clearly how his candid tory he stands alone. There is. no one.who hasdone > ^ Junjust-taxes and injurious privileges, yet.-oveiy.freat, not as a soldier, a statesman^ an orator, ^v^ ut ho was great in that he was. one,. of the3/^ world's benefactors, who* possessed in, the largestW"T measuue that greatest gift of all to man, the genius of *^ benevolence.' And, great as he was, as an example, y$T • which, so long as history endures, shall teach all ora- W. tors, soldiers, statesmen, all alike to labor, and, if needbe, to. suffer for human: rights. Tho fame of such a nam»> brightening with the advance of civilizatio; can find no limit except in earthly gratitude. [Long-1WAUD.-T-Alargeandenthusiasticmassmeetingoftlie said,Sir,I.havecomenot,toteachbuttolearn..Theton-Republican electors, to ratify the nomination of<3fen. derest friendship wbich bloomed in Washington's heart stoiy front room of No. 162 William street, ocoupied;". 4 William Ball for Alderman of the Bl&venth District, was that which he felt for Lafayette. He was wounded by Mr. Rapp as a bookbindory. Ahout $100' damage •"1—Prof..C. C. Mitchell and lady of Albany, C\: H. was held tast evesdng at Liberty 7iTall; Thirty-sacond at Brandywine, but soon became so famihar with the was sustained, mostly, by water. Origin of fire • un^.^ Walker of London, Eng., and Simeon Stevens of; Lan- street. James O; Bennett, esq., was nominated as whole a?my thai he wrote to his wife tliat he.- had the ;known.caster, £a., are at the St. Nicholas Hotel. president of the meeting, and waa-assrstcd by Messrs. friendship of^th^army en gros el en detail.. So rapidly • FI^K IN KJJ>GK STaCKJt'T. "'..'..• —The Hon. Messrs. G. A. Burnham of CoriECcticut, Jacob L. Dodge, Hubbard G. Stone, and others. Wm. did he rise in tfie^timationof Congress.thatthey voted - Last evening, a* 9} o'clock, a &*ewas discovered; iaijBegner andfamily of Cuba, are at the Astor House. —The Hon. J . A. Gilmer- of 'North' CareKaa, Jud^edamage was done. ^ •'• • \ / FIRB.IN TW«t«Ty-EIOHTK STREET. \A fire of accidental origin occhrred last nig^t aboutcompany unmasked; cannot remember if I was atSpringfield before that party; was there during-the.sesdon of the Legislature that year; returnedduring the Session once or twice to Chicago; CliffordofPortland,Mo.,andMajorDeasoftheU.8«, ciferouslycalledfor,and,on.mountingtherostrum, expeditionoftheCountdeKochambeausailed. He enthavenue. Thepremisesweaepearlyd«istro' "very modest, pledging himself to merit tba good opin- he said her had a predilection, chiefly, it ap-. 9«ar the boiler.. . '< • >• • .date of the Xlth Diatricf, as a"man of sterling integ- iugton,.he said, " My dear General, permit mo to~pao- —The Rev. Ma,Hitchcock hasbecomo thepulpit as- rity, and the only man that could redeem the Ward pose a plan which may become largely useful, to theHeadquarterslastofeiving,and notice.of the fact w a * ^telegraphedtoatt&eStationsbyOperatorPotiuunufuT,Wc iid not Kar of any arrests, I •:,i^^M i / • —-'- ' '$&,%•Cro-s-Exaroined—Am a banker; was at Sachem ber, 185"/.) wai»4oing their business ut. the time ofKeadinJulyandAugust,1859;havebeenmarried thepanic;wasinconsultation,dailywin**ti.l*fib.fares-civilto"hispassengers,deferentialtohisemploy-lowingisthe.result: •..--inthetriumphofthatlibertywhichwasthecommon •Ferry. . ia..--..'#3*** Yt&d&gfr -*»^-»'tweotv years; am fifty years old; my wife was with at that time; can-•. atate a. gveat many timerm V a f S T time at Sachem's Head; Mr Burch and when I was at Burch's hw»e; been here more fre-and qnite without fault; but Jemmy had a habitat Wrena-wf^-^j-trin- Oi r o t i r i n g ^ a ibw.mmuteaFor Commissioner, Judge John Quax*enl&a*hi for Tru»^*«- jfiok *ud J«uiy««Sitwrie; l-orTTruste full term), Dr. Henry NichoUaird JAH ju&jjSjA .M»»L«—-McnwuunJ OTOT Inspector , Daniol Ho- gent-amp; for Cohstabloa, Joseph Stiner and Simeon Ilayroonu.This union was brought about, by thewithdrawal of^ v •"•wifewerethereatthesamehotel;wasintroducedby quentlythananyofthewi&Te«igghassworn;nsea;to t/jthehav-mow,and.everyoflbB m^f"""my wife to Mrs. Burch; she remained at Sachem's go in or out to dinner or tea, as 1 would to my sister's; nature of his • cwand there was a failure If any in-Ilead after ber husband left. •_ • ,• constantly met' Burch there; was tn© most -'intimateThe deposition of Mrs. Mather was read. P«w»d friend of the family, except probably Mr.. * ar-nam i trader made his appearance, Jemmy d<Messrs. Samuel Sinclair and Daniel E. Smith; The Messrs. oamuei ^mcmir uuu u a u w i c . uimuu ..xuecommence the work of Abolition. This was in momnftme^oB Sund«J» »oo. z,at 10o'clock a.oa..rV^Tl^ffl 1 I ^ S O N - I n the Town o f jr^moutb, Jamaioa, W. L, oa g a S ^ | |7 0xvtir^ ' ^ J \ ^ ^ Rowunond, thfadlauabt*r.o/ thTSu^ Mo « o v. * ' builder, and Mary hi«wil<v and ooosla ;o£<S.B.8ark.atTW^ . .V„rk City. Sh<;hailoftadial tofNwoo»*olou. niotbv,, ud aloife cteol«of reives aod&M*S<; ..-.•. v0pj*'''o'clock; Mr. and Mrs, Bnreh were there; the evening before my muniage Mrs. Burch was at my house; leftindisposed, aod xrot dre**eo*' for companythe dc-Or,of his employers hid himself one day in the bar .mow, Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069rcceived nine cheers fov the. BttcriUce made in iavor of union.forCe begani to "agitate against' Slavery in EugUuid.received by Congress, J When about to leuvo ho was roociv**$£*;descended at thedateofhermarriage,15thofOctober1857,at8remembersther,ightMr.F.called;Mrs.Bur*;hwa* once,andtookhisseatquietlynpouhis^box.Butoneentireticketwascheeredmostlustily,and-Mr.SinchvirJ'.1784,8ovei:alyearsbeforeClarksonorWUber-to receive hiscontinued chasring.l' . >v ,vJ3&4FIRESTRKXT.At 6 o'claeklast evening a fire occusred.in the second; '10 o'clock in the: kmdhng-wood manufactcJT of* NaeklF t i d % ^ ^ rThe fticndi «£ * ^ ^ ^ ^ e re«pectftulyaivlted to attend tbeV• .• .*•.,..«•**/*www.fultonhistory.com^*v^taV,-;»:^.t--iiS»%«riiiJ,.vJ«tM*fc./ii'..'-.?iii;!: -ii. '••:....- •:-, I - ..-..-. J,:^^ii"-f-//,:,:. l^dJ^"*.*? 