 ^^p^*t^pf&&*•*W*.y encape from Mrvfo* iuto thertaieting. th«.execuUott of the laws ia.thfiaeeeding Statestheir ports so tbat.thoy could getno salt-orany provis- ions m, or. cotton out, the people would come to theirscat of government for inauguration will be attendedscenery of that State; views in Cuba, which introduce us into all the mysteries of daily life in tho palace, onchariots, £n the Olympic games, were all adverted to in connection with tbe use of horses by tbeaneieata. Those pageants, theStilts and tournaments of the mid«tion and laws of the United States act directly upon Atitntionnl election—these events, disguise it a s you the persons who commit crimes against them; and it is.harulet in Wostorn Virginia.THKFATENKl) FAMINE IN T H E SOUTH.A Kentucky letter to The Philadelphia Press says:nightly shelter for their homeless heads. So great has beenthe^emandfrom these people for londging, that it has been found necessary to provide extensive accom-much anxiety for his fafety., Tho men oh board, how-,ever, heard nothing further of young Sutcliffe until the then procured, by which he was able to descend. Both prisonersm»»v luive aroused a counter irritation m the North the duty of the Federal Government to maintain thewere taken to tbr; Station-House for the night, and. being taken published accounts of his death at the Hospital reached before Justice Quackenbush, on Saturday, were locked up tothem. They then proceeded to .the Hoepitalj where answer. •Two boys, aged 6 and 7 years, named Felix Sewoll and John.servedBut when it is proposed to chauge it, to »e-anvoftheprinciplessanctionedbythepeopleinthecannotbuybaconandgraintofeedtheslaves. This customers. TheFifthWardhasmoreoftheselodgersIventuretbeassertion,tlaittherehavebeenmore ca*esof kidnapping of fnx> negroes in Ohio than olministration,however,makesitimpossible,tocalculate theFederalGovernmenttoenforcehisorders. Heis'^^>fi^m^^^mgw^w^-.*•'.-.' • .^MwwwHPIP ~—[•.'i.^ffW.^'W'' - . v J A ... , .—r*>—^—r**••l^fSW.WPJWWk.iU W:%.•• fc1^.^"^^ «w present condition otpublie airairaNE^-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE,MONDAY,DECEMBER31,mm./-~ •yV*JLi .,with danger and violence, is not only reasonable; but itlsacoroee the people of the United-States seriously to senses, ana would rise..'and put.down or.nang those scaicely^^ beyond the-confines of 4oubt. Although thisconsiderwhethertheGovernmentehallbeaTresKMhin wbohadbroughttinscalamityuponthem. Thiswould opinionwasentertained-heretoforebyfew,itis,since thePasco,intheBishop'sGardens—-wheretfieseisa dieages,andthepartthereinperformedbyhorsee i^eexecutionofitsundisputedpowersbythecitizens notbecoercion,butleavingthemto.the.enjoymentof the,;-issuejhasariBeninSouthCarolina?theconviction cactussolargethatanegro,isperchedinitsbranche*^ weredescribed;auditwasclaimedthattheartoto f o n e o r m o r e S t a t e e , o r w h e t h e r w e e b a l l t e s t t h e t h e i r " O r i g i n a l S o v e r e i g n t y / ' " ' •' • ' ' . o f m a a y . " . I n t h i s c i t y t h e U n i o n m e n a r e l a r g e l y i na n d o n t h e s u g a r p l a n t a t i o n , w h e r e t h o w h o l e o p e r a t i o n , e q u i t a t i o n i n t h o s e d a v s f o r m e d t h e m o s t d i g n i f i e d of Bugar-growmgand makingmaybeseen; viewsin branch ofeducation. Themodern artofequitationpowerof theGovernmentto defenditselfagainstdis- _Butthereisanmternal'elementthat.'atthismoment themajority^-'andifattemptsbemadeherotoobstruct S t r t *° ***«> th* public ] * * to ac- solution? Can a eeparntion take place without war ? tbreatens our destructioh. 'A negro insurrection is Mr: Lmcbln'8 inaugrmraon, some of tho strongestVas next treated of at some length, and it was ob- v^i^tjL •• " I"1<>f*»-w*M«*-.peculators;todo- Ifso.whorowfll betieline? Whoshallpoesesethis expectedqtChristmasf ^Tvrowhitemenandseveral friendsoftheSouthwilliallywiththepopulationfor theregionoftheXTpperMississippi,viewsalongthe setvedthatoralexposition,togetherwiththeaidde-•vd©j> the interna] rw*nrc<* of the country fw owmin* negroes were hung tho other day, and-they said that a Ithe preservation- of peace.^ T ^ ^ B <* «w»u.niiK«wn betw«m W Aslando magnificent capital wjth all its evidences of progress general rising w as to take ^htce-all through those J'HHudson and the Pennsylvania Central Kailroad, and viewsamongtheCatskills. *^;--:;? .v;^sirable from pictorial illustrations, figures, diagrams,&c«»c<*dd be made to contribute in a valuable^mannerJBKlPacific?MAdtopurifytheadministrationofthe and:civilization?Shallthemouthof-theMissi^ipmbe otntcson-Christmas,w&tkewtole countryist'urnivg- :NEWDODGETOGETRIDOFLINCOLN.to^aequirt^aknowledgeofraauybranches'ofart, Moyrrinmerititemthepecnidonainflaencesofjoba tseparatedfromitssources?Whoshallpo^sethoter-JHIICinfear, Everttownand-plantation isunder'<•TheobstructionstoMr.Lincoln'sadventintoWash- AseriesofVermontviewsrevealssomeofthejmost science,an<generaleducation;andthatinconnec-% ritories ? Suppose theee difflculUes to be ovrccomo; eup- ington, ihay be avoided bv his taking tlie oath of office pote that in peace we should huckster and-divide up patrol wpht a-rid day. M y family are frightened'«omract4i«aadui>rea!K>nahie party worfiiw.vl__???>* °* Jon m*T *•»>*» »" ^ k »«very well, bnt our nationality, ownag, our history, all the reeollec- out of their wits. Human life is of but little value in^ew^-'York 6r Philadelphia, or even in Springfield; some viewsalong.the Paesumpic, near St. Johnabtirys, and on the road^0i» could be made.i useful manner-whatwiflyoudotoMrvethetf»ion1 Whydon'tvou •here,andnoonefeelssafeforamoment. Thereis buthereadoubthas'ariseninthemindsofso»neastutecompromise 7 J Uotis of tho past; w;{.poee all these diificultiea over- . aleo a plot laid to put both Lincoln and Hamlin out of gentlemen:. Suppose ti.; obefcoml votes are never may challenge a comparison with the loveliest spots in.' 'Gentlemen, remember that w e are ir*»t recovering ccme, how can tw o rival Republics; of tbf. .same tho way before the 4thof March;- This y<m may rely counteoVi!**cording to r<-:i6t:.:>i,'i:>nal reqniromeut-^-that England* This continent still offers an immense field wornth*dishonorofbreakingaIcf^-damv*QAr,--rrt{^ raceofmen,divided«.,!ybyaIfcseorarivorforthou- upon. Allthisisthefruitsofdemugoguism. The is,mjoint^.nventh>i;!pfbothHouses. Thisisnochi- forthestereoscopicartist. The'frozenfieldsoftheNorth, the Bocky Mountains^ the country about Salt Lake and Pike's Peak, the Cordilleras, Mexico, Cen- tralandSouthAmerica,allarestillunexploredbytheofassistingtolear^howtoridewell. Someveryat- tractive and beautify dissolving pictures andfignree were exhibited, appropriate to thi» division of tbesia; andatthecloseoftheaddrewasomeofthoschool horses were paraded and rkUbpn by a few of the ladies and gentlemen w h o h a d be«n auditors. T h e two> gallenes at the end of the ridSsg ecaool were filled withanattentiveaudience,andexyrewjion*ofgratifi-eandtr of mi!*»r with all the present difficulties ag- people arc honest and wish to do right, and would do mera.-fork k expected tint fifircn Southmi States"We have been »tmvgltog,aguinat *il th«- p< .-.-.;,. „». ;jirt s a T Tf * ' ; V, 5 Kep'u-atiou, avoid forays, dispecos a n d right, but they are blinded to the truth and follow the will be out ol'l,doverwrncnty for wfr y«Nirn, to wcuro .•.&, U-^Jy vhr«. A! : r 7 **$# Uini w'^ travel our futuie jowroh of p-.-o^- teachings of their leaders, and God onlv knows what Theyoteswa»exprtmly«n*r»UHibya,comprouu<*e. \VVbiw ?vreJniif>\}Wo»-wthehighseas,ovonthePa-iilo will'bethoend.If.Iescapealive,.,I.vriHwiiteyou month.,.,Ii »aeoecd*d. lOoaiaa is now free. The. ^i*a^»ontoiw^practjcaUyreatorodbytheindpient^jpe,wubojitcotusion?^1»impossibleTopeace-•again.Insorrow!amyours,&c, .gone,andifthe.NortherndemocraticSenatorsgo^withlartist,andviewsfromtheseregionswouldbeeagerlycationwerefrequentlymven.The-tidingschoolisaablyaccomplish such Tesnltawemustchangoth ii*)- her people. T h o baptism of »tr:fr throvjjh which t>he ture ol man ? God knows, I.do not thrc.r. a it, for Ihaapwaed htmonly utrongtheoed: the There let it stand.Bat©urpoliticalopponent*,whobavodishonoredthe fromeachother. It igeither hostaitieebetweenthe the result isthetaxes areincreased 50percenL~-a twenty-sevenSenatorsleft,orsevenshortofaquorum; denhamPalace,butthefinestwehaveseenarethose lation,andalltheconsiderationsforthebeak&andcare wenlcompromise,whotrampled,withoutamoment'a GovernmentandthesecedingStates;or,ifseparation pleasantprospectattheverymomentthatallthe andyoumay-beassuredtheVice-Presidentwillnever byG.auss,oftherooms'.oftheTuileries,Fontainebleau, ofhorseshavingbeenstudied. Theinstitutionalto-vnuseektopreventitineverywav'possi>le.1speak[AlabamaCom>spond<»iitCincinnatiG'tvxette. • . . ' _ INCREASE IN'TAXES.-., ..-•, : " | '.'them,suchasCon.'LaneofOregon; Messrs.Cwinaud J^ithair. of C^lifernia; DcT«gh'.» of Illinois; Bright and 5'itohofIncjana;Pughoi"Ohio;JRiceofMinnesota,soughtfor.. InEuropethe"illuminated"views seemtobemakingmostprogress. Elliott,ofLondon,hasvery elegantone,and thehorses seen ota superior class. The rooms and other accommodations lor ladies andallthearrangementsareexcellent. ThestablesTheLegislature,ofGeorgialiasl>eenintessioiisev-prohibition. but tne logic of facts, which we'should nol conceal eral weeks, putting the State on a war footing, and and Thomson < of New-Jersey, there wiU be bat produced fine series of Westminister Abbey and Sy- are Of an order not often seen; space, draiaage, vendi-hewtatUm, upon a compromise when they expected to Is yielded peaceablyr.it isa war of factions—a rivalry -*xnibyit,nowaskustoagaincompromise,byaeeur- ofinsignificantcommunities,hatingeachother,and Slaverygonthofageographicalline. Tothiswe contemnedbythecivilizedworld. Ifwar results,At faarjr *ftj: There is no occasion for compromise, whatawarit will he 1 Contemplate the North andoperations of trade; and business are suspended^ and thepeoplebythousandsthrownoutofemployment.PROPOSED-ATTACKUPONTHECAPITAL;givehis consent to have the votes countedif a quorum oftheSenatebenotpresent.0ALREADYCOMETOFORCEDLOANS.gether—and, last not least, the shoeing forge—w w«H andSt.Cloud. Theseintroduceusintothecabinet? worthyofavisitfromthekeepers,lovers,orusersof anddormitoriesoftheEmperorandEmpressjwesea horses,orthosedesiringtolearntorideortakeridingIt^seems that Messrs. Lincoln and Hamlin:have!bothCharleston, letters state that the proposed State where an Emperor sits at his work, with the femiliar exercise. The Central Parle has already given a re-wenavedonenowrong; wehavenoapologiesto Southinhostile/arrayagainsteachother..Ifthese receivedanonymousletters,threateningviolentopposi- loanof^400,000isalreadyparceledoutamongthe portraitoftheEmpressonthewall;weseethebaths newedimpulsetoridingonhorseback,andevery;Springmate,andnooonct-«eionstooffer. Youchoseyour sectionsdonotknoweachothernow,theywillthen. tiontotheirinaugurationOn'the4thofMarch,and WealthiestmenoftheState,mainlykiCharleston, W e are a nation of military men,.naturally turba"SK? »&Z**2?and ^P^th* oonadfcuurfautfor- destroymorerapidlythanwe.haveconstructed. ItU sofoolishastoforgetthatoneobjectinlocatingthe lutionsofMexico. The.truthis,thesecessionmove- .theireyesinthemorning. Anoveltyhasbeeninveni burglary;recentlycommittediuPhiladelphia,whereground and we accepted youriasuo. W e have beaten lent because we are free—accustomed to arms, ingen- The Richmond[Enquirer very coolly proposes for the • and that each one, is expected to furnish his share under vow,andyoumustsubmit,aswehavedoneinthe ious,energetic,bravoandstrong.Thesamequalities StatesofVn-giniaandMarylandtosecedeandpre- thepenaltyofbeing,considered,disajfected. Itwillbepaat.andaawewouH havedoneifthevoicoofthe thathaveenabledasinglegenerationofmentode- pareaforcetocapturethecapitaloftheUnitedStates,, o,forcedloanas.thoroughlyaswaseveranyloan:dur- needtosee;forwhyshouldalltheworldhavebofor peoplehad been against ua. Aagood citkens,you veloptheresourcesof a.continent,would enableusto andnotsufferLincolnto beinaugurated. Isany one ingtheFrehchRevolution,orduringthechronicrevo- ittheprecise scene upon which,theaugust1pairope.''•^.•'•^,• '.•-•••.• -itiea. Butwewillmeetn«wooeationaofadministra- ldleforindividmilsofeithersectiontosupposethem- CapitaloftheUnitedStatesatWashingtonwasthat mentisinthe.handsofthemob—andtheplanters, tion with a liberal spirit. Without surrcMdorioK our fcelves su{»erior in military power. The French and the land, being ceded to the United States, and Suiv merchants, and other men of substapce, are powerlessedbytneF-peachwhereinthetwopicturesofthestereoBCopearealternatelypresentedtoche.eye.>Oneofthese is taken in one position and the other in another;aMr.Striekler,"sextonofachurch,andhiswileywere bound to their bed by a gang of burglars, who then proceeded to rob the house and the adjoining church.conv^iou*intheleast,we maynowdisposeofthe whole Territorial controversy by the exercise of un- <^uc«tiooedConstitutionalpower.Jbngllshtriedthatquestionforathousandyears;W"e roundedwithStatessupposedtoheparticularlyfavor- ought to know it now. The result of the contest would able to moderation and the"Union,.and/.central to all notdependuponthefirstbloworthefirstyear,but parts,theGovernmentwouldheabletoprotectitselfagaiostthem..";•/.''.:•••-....';'••<'/.;•'.'.'':•:•';•\.The only Territory south of the lino except that blood shed in civil war will yield its baleful fruit for from, mobs and molestations of whatever character. which, bytreaty with Indiantribes, cannot bein- generations. Ifthereis theslightest danger ofdisturbancesat cludedwithinthejurisdictionofaState,isNew-Mex- Howcanwe avert a calamity atwhich-humanity Washington,theultimateresult will be,and beforeCITY ITEMS.AMUSE5iENTS.r--The holiday houseshavebeenalleothatthechanging.givesanappearanceofmotiom. Theboldnessofthedeedattractedmuchattentionat The new invention is called Epreuve a Mouvement. .%• the time. Throe persons were subsequently arrested'ico. She baa now population enough for admission a s and. civiLzation shudder ? I know no way but to cli: g any very distant-day, the'removal-of the seat of Gov- well filled, and the holiday- entertainments have been of . CHARLESTON STKASiiRs.—-The Columbia, CapL Ber- there were others coneerned in the robbery, and it waaa State. Let Congie*s admit her aa a State, and then to the Government framed by our fathers, to adminis- ernment. The people of Washington will find, indeedshe haa the acknowledged right to form, regulate, ter it to n epmt of kindness, but in all cases, without they well know, that all disturbances of the public the most attractive sort. For the ..most part the pieceschange,ormodifyherdomesticinadtations.Shenow partiality,toenforcethelaws.NoStatecanrelease tranquillitymustpulldownthevalueofrealestate thathavedrawnsowellduring,thepastweekwillbe haaanominal.tilavecodeframed,andurgedupontun- usfromthedutyofobeyingtb<*luw8. Theordinance morerapidlythananyothercause. ButinWashing- continued. Inadditiontotheregulareveningper-ry, of the Charleston line of steamers, sailed on Satur-dayforCharleston,bearingafaircargo"ofmerchandise. $Billy,thecigarmaker,."wasoneofthem-DeteetiveTroubleisapprehendedbytheofficersofthe"steamer LevyofPhiladelphiarecentlycametothiscityin,pur- witjiregardtotheirfutureclearancesfromtheportof sulr.<>fhim,andonhavinganinterviewwithI>etectivenyTerritorialvJBcer*. Practically*Slaverydoeanot oractofaStateisnodefensofortreasomnordwsit exist th*n*. I t never can bo CHtaOii«<hed there. l i r a k-eson tho moral guilt of that orime. L e t us cling to •region where the earth yields her increase only b y the each other in t h e hope that o u r differences will passpractice of irrigation, xlnvc labor will not bo em away, as they often have in times past. For the saketonanysuchliabilitywouldsimplyleadtothetrans- formances,mostoftheplaces'ofamusement,giveper- fer of the capital to some place of unquestionable, se-.curily. A t this.time everything betokens th e aug- formances to-morrow, New-Year's afternoon. mentation of the power of the "West. It is the West f Wallaces Thealcr^To-mght will be revived theCharleston—the papers being nude out in the name .of South Carolina.Slowey, 'ascertained that his man was here i n disguise, and living with a vil« iwoman in the Five Points, under a now name. O n Saturaaynight these officers pro- ceeded to his house,and forcing aa entrance succeededIn each of the Teariioriea tnere are now «mall settle- ments went feted along the lines of transit. Within fivePardon me, gentlemen, for writing you so fully. I feel restrained, b y the custom of the House of .Repre-••1' *Chamberlain, Mr. Devlin, received assurances of such a character from Mr. Piatt as to induce him. ts- believe that satisfactory arrangements would be made to-day iareference to the deposits in the hands of the late Cham-> berlain-- ..Mr..John Sedgwick,, who-bas so long and s o ably filled the office of Assistant District Attorney, has decided to. retire from the public service, to take up the practiceoflawonhisownaccount RecorderHoff- manandCityJudgeMcCunncontemplatemakinga general change in the officers attached t o the Court o f Sessions....Mayor Wood will be happy to see his fel- low-citizena on New-Year's day, at the Mayor's office,/ City.Hall,from11to12o'closk.•i ' mIMMIGRATION THIS Y£AK.—The total number of immigrants, during the year a t this' port was 103,621; the largest number being in the month of May, when. 23,449 arrived. In the year 1858r 78,589 immigrants a r r i v e d / w h i l e . i n 1 8 5 9 t h e r e w o r e 7 9 , 3 2 2 ; s h o w i n g a ato a moager minority, especially under threats of dis-union ? This minority demand that 81nvery be pro- destroy this free Government, or divide tho Union.tectedbytheCon-diiution. Ourfatherswouldnot They are.attempting to interpose the;State allowtbeword"slave"or"Slavery"inthoConstitu- as a shield to treason. The State cannot tion, when all the States but o n e were slavehaldjotf 1 commit.^^UKOH. .or_lire a guEu A jSta** - 1present informs us that the ladies took sides as well as .appears also every day and evening. The house ia fore does not know what was afterward done to Sut-Shall WII introducethos» ww**^M>n"a-nm;ortty-^y of theONE O F THE -TOWNS KESISTING ALREADY;ij :Hooley and Campbell's MmstTcls.—Thia excellent, his pockets. He attempted to regain his feet, when h e was u «n*.oty«^— :^«,,h*>ad with a slung-shot andStates are free, and when the progress of civilizationhas arrayed the world against Shivery? If the lov ordinances and resolutions iiieonliict with-theXTnitedWheeling grows uneasy atlhe bare idea of Virginia seceding. The Inlcllfgtncer, ofThat city savs:views of the existing differences, who is willing to rely" ," MY DieAH Six: i * * * * .»f* . - *law, and alature m ay pass an tmconsntutioiuil hState Convention m ay make Constitutions and passeiu-iyv"':;"•;;' -_ . ; '.. '. ;_.... . . . . '.'. 'T*. TTMthat will settle this, secession controversy. F o r years thecenter oftiopulation hasbeen gravitating in"thsrt direction further and further, and there is no doubt that any such incendiary attempts as have been in- dicated, would, in the first place, bring down hosts of armed men from the whole of the north-west, whose revenge would lay waato Virginia, should they prove,. - —•pk>y*d._ At any mn>f it is Utter to settle all questions about S*Hyery there by. admitting the Territory aa a State. While a Territory, it is insisted that Slavery shall be protected in it. " Wc insist that Congress m ay prohibit i t , a n d that the people have a n undisputedright to exclude slaves. W o y n o t , b y termiuating their Territorial condition, determine this controversy ? The same course might now properly be adopted with all the Territories ot the Uidted States.tion for a representative in Congress. Dacetan, yet I feel it is the duty of every citizen to prepare his effects would be ,to render Washington itself, with all have given two perfonhances here, have been received Washington, Nevjitiu and Jelferson are destined soon countrymenfor grave events, that will test the strength its magnificent public buildings, a waste, howling wil- with much applause. They represented certain little to be as familiar to oa as Kansas and Nebraska. It is and integrity ot the Government. derness. As for its becomingthe capital of a Southernwell worthy the consideration of tbe old States whether Believing that our only safety is in a firm enforce- Republic, even supposing secession were so success- French plays in a very ellective and artistic manner, it is not better to dispense witb all Territorial organi- ment of the laws, and that Mr. jLincoin will execute fully accomplished, and supposing'it'to embrace the and altogetlier give a most interesting entertainment.zations—alwaysexoouniveandtarbulent—andatonce thatdutywithoutpartiality,Ijoinmyheartycongratu- wlioleoftheSlaveStates,..thatwouldbeimpossible.:Theywillplayto-morrowafternoon,and.evening.To-to carve the whole into Slates of convenient size for lations with yours, that he is «o soon to be'the Presi- and absurd. Situated so cloeo to the borders ol Penn-' night Mr. Forrest apoearsas "Spartacus" in the playof 'vessel-William and Mary, lying at the foot of Thirty-effective diama of " Pauline,'.' which made a great h it at this house several years ago. The afterpiece of "Tom Noddy's Secret," will also be given. ' All the leading members of the company are in the cast:any reverse, instant attempts would be made to re- Jefferson will appear as the mtermeddleing hero, and death of Joseph Sutcliffe at Bellevue Hospital, from Philadelphia, in custody of detective Levy. . move the seat of Government westward.This would be an obvious result, and, although most will give his inimitable personation of Newman Noggs. violence inflicted upon him on Monday last. Coroneryears tho least popnlons will contain sufiicient popula- sentatives, from engaging there in political debate; and disastrous to the mrity of the country, its immediate , .Niblo's.Garden.—-The company of real Zouaves, who Jackman Heldan inquest on the body on Saturday aft- -CITT HAIX Tories.—On, Saturday the n e w .of peace, for the lov© of civil liberty, for the honor ofour name, our race, our religion, let us preserve thethe Union, loving it better as the clouds grow darker.Iamwillinff t o unite with a n y man, whatever mayhave been his party relations, whatever may behis'The British steamer Etna, Capt. Kennedy, left onWinter Garden.—-Mr. Jefferson's engagement stillcircumstances, against all euemiest at home or abroad. eventually successful. In the meantime,-and in case of "Paul Pry," and ."Nicholas Nickleby," in which Mr.. UNEof Saturday morning contained an account of the Police Headquarters, whence he yesterday started foron the Constitution a s it is for his rights; and who iswilling to maintain and defend the Union under all as they must, from the sheer force of numbers, goes successfully on.. To-night will be presentedTHE THIRTY-NINTH-STREET MtrRnER.—THE TRIB- soundly clubbed, apd then handcuffed and conveyed toadmission. This was the Jeifentonian plan', which did dent of the United States. gylvauia and of the Free States, how long would it be "The Gladiator," supported by the full company. not contemplate Territoriea b u t Spates. I t was alno With.grfftt r«M>jn-ct, 1 remain, very truly, your obodiout Borvaut1. before a dozen John Brown's wonld capture it, if tho.ninth street, N. K. About 4 o'clock on Monday after-noonSutcliffe,andoneofthehandsonboardthevessel,sanctionedbyGeneralTaylor,andbutforbisdeath wouldhavebeeuadopted.>;-.• „ ; JOHNSMKRAIA.X. M»i«.m.\Nm.R«-uiD.J.Cochran,L.S.Fletcher,H.E.Wal-capitalofaSouthernliepublic? Laura Kccne's'Theater.—MissKeeneannouncestheIHCP. Chito. O'iSoill, Couindttee. .LETTER FEOM SENATOR KING. .,.' division of the Empire into Eastern and Western. AThis is an easy, effectual remedy, within the powerof Congrew, and in its nature uu irrevocable act.Thereisnonecessityofanamendment.totheConsti-tution. It is not ac all probable that two-thirds ofbothHousesandthree-fourths ofthoStatescanagreeto any amendments. Why attempt it, unless to invite S. N. Sherman, of this village. It w as not intended ing to such a result.« Nothing will ever do i& but thenew conquests, new acquisitions, to again arouse sec- for publication, but containing so much of the spirit foily and wickedness of conspirators against the public^ >tional animosities? "Weknow that if Mexico ia 'whichthopeopleofSt.LawrenceCountvcherishwith peaceandConstitution.—[Phil.Ledger,.Dec.29. Wayne." To-morrow, twoperformances, afternoon acquired, the South will demaud it for Slavery, and reverence, we have begged the privilego" of laying itthe North tor free. institutions. We must forego, for before them:the present, new conquests, unless the love of acquisi-tion is stronger than the love of domestic peace.I'heremovalof.the.seatofGovernmentfromold grandspectacledramaofthe"SevenSisters"forrepe- starteddowntowntomakepurchases. ThedeceasedRome to new Constantinople resulted in th e ultimatetition every night till further notice. was engaged to he married to a young lady living in •JB'oicery Theater.—Circus performances, and the new Maine, named Melissa J . Kandall, and he was anxiousyrvm TheSt.l.awcnce Hcpublican,Dec.2A. removalofthe Capitolfrom Washington westwardWe liave been permitted to nmke the following ex- might he attended with similar results eventually, and, . pantomime of "The Monster of St..Michael."to purchase for her some New-Year's presents. He also desiredtosecure.apossagehomein another-vessel-in order that he might spend New-Y ear'sDay with his in- tended. After making their purchases the deceased and- O'Flaherty visited a vessel on the cast side, andtractfromnletterfromtheHon..PrestonKingtoDr.. therefore,itoughttoheopposed,andallcausestend- Neic'BoweryTheater.—To-night,forthefirsttime, will be acted tho equestrian drama of " Mad Anthony" WASHINGTON, Dec. 17, I860.Friday night (the town being quite alive with the se- has proved a great success, and will be repeated every fectly .sober. A t about §\ o'clock in the even- cession excitement, and the unfurling of the Pelican ing, they reached the corner of Thirty-ninth fln<? d u r i n g t h e d a y ) t h e o r c h e s t r a c o m m e n c e d p l a y i n g ' e v e n i n g t h i s w e e k . M r . i O a r n u m ' h a s m a d e u n u s u a lCONFLICT OP TUNES. ' f and evening. " ;At the fair in Odd Fellows'Hall; New-Orleans,,on ...JBamum-'s American 3fusaim.—T\xe " Seaof Ice,"-- from there started for their own vessel, both being per-S o p p o e e i t b e c o n c e d e d t h a t t h e C o n s t i t u t i o n s h o u l dbeamended,whatamendmentwillsatisfytheSouth?Nothing lesMthan the prot*etion ofSlavery in the Ter-ritories. Bntourpeoplehavepronouncedagaiustit. floodtodrowntheearth. TheconductoftheAdmin- theirshoutsofapproval. Theexcitementwasgreat.AHwhovotedforSir.LincolnorMr.Douglas—over istration(youseeGeneral"CusshasleftitsinceCobb Theorchestrathenplayedthe"Marselkuse"1 The.•worthvisitingthanever. Amongthenewcuriosities3,3OQ,C0Ocitizens—votedagainstthisclaim.tewthan ran*away)isinexplicable. ThePreridentisunques- bitsc-rsandtheshoutersnowswappedpositions,and areBushman,Kaffir,Hottentot-,Zooloo.andFingoa million voted for it. Should the great majority yield tionably under the influence of the traitors. But made more uproar than before. Nothing more disa- heathen, who are curiously barbaric in appearance and O'Flaherty"onthe head with a slung-shot, knocking"Iamghidtoseeyouaresoundinthefaithand "YankeeDoodle." ThetunewashLssedbynumerous efforttoprovidespeciallyinterestingentertainmentsfor •street andTenth.avenue, when they observed increasethepreeentyearoverthatof1859of24,299,that cloudy weather'does not induce you to expect a persons present, while othersdrowned their,hisseswithhis holiday patrons, and the Museum is now betterfive young men approaching them. ' As they came to- gether,one'ofthegangthrewaglass-bottleatthede- ceased,whileatthesameinstantanotherruffian-struckand over 1858of 25,032. The amountof money brought into the country is estimated, from the records of past years,atanaverageof$76percapita,,otatotalof $7,875,196, of Which over three and a half m'dliooa was brought by.Irish, and nearly three millions by the Germans...NOTICJE TO-THE POOR.—The poor and t3idlr children are invited to call on John W» Parmer,-at No. 47 Ludlow street, between the hours of 2 p. m. and 10;.' ineither he nor they be-they many or be they few, c a n greeable than this took place. . A gentleman who was .manners. Miss Dora Dawron, the double-voiced singer, him down and stunning him by the blow. H e there-themen,andclappedtheirhandsandhissedinoppo-sitiontoeachother,whilethe twotunes were beinjr crowdedall theti.mc»tkose...wJhO-JBKant.jBeatamustgocliffe./WhenO^lahertyregainedhis.jcp.nsciousness,T Xensaw two'men standihgover'him im the* act "of rifling-"band are never tired. of providing new funnyismsfor Kof peacej and ease, and office,.should tempt politician States Constitution to secede, or anything else. Such "The effect would betodepopulateWestern Virginia their patrons. The last novelty is a piece entitled:?£ \ rendered unconscious. Subsequently he found himsel p.m^ on^ew-^eAr»I>«uy.-"',..,'."••and merchants to do it, the people will rebel. I assure yon,whatevermaybetheco^equence,they willno yield their moral convictions b y strengthening the i n HneBce (rf Slaveiv in this cowitry. Kecentevents havo only deepened this feeling. T h e struggle t o estab- lish" Salvery in Kansas; thofrequent murdersand mobbiug?-, in the South, of Northern eitizons; tlie pres e:»t turbulence and violence of Southern society;the manifest fear of the freedom of speech and of the pre**; the danger of insurrection; and now the attempt to subvert the Government, rather than submit to a con-laws, constitutions, ordinances^ resolutions, o r paper of her best and most enterprising citizens. The popu-' Happy New-Year." A capital bill i* given every j>er- very weak and alone in the street, and started for h i' •,.' '<•* '•.ARREST OFBVJLGL&IIS,—The followingpersons,all youog men, were brought bcforS tb« variouu Magutrates oa Sat- urday, charged with burglary or attoaipts to commit the aauxtto the spot, discovered Moron hanging by his hands to a shed 25 feet high. On being requested to come' down, he stated that h e could not climb up, and was afraid t o dr jp down. A laAdor wasactaofsecession being unconstitutional, are without Ittionofthiscityinthenextdecadewould retrograde : :;ny validity, null a n d -void, and thus furuish no de- one-third. Make us a foreign city to Ohio a n d Penn- fonnance."vessel,whichhesucceededinreaching,beingobligedto crawl part of the distance on his hands and knees., T h efense to the citizen who steals an ox, shoots a man,or sylvania, and grafcs will grow in every street intbicommits treason against t h e United States. So much city next Summer. W e will sink, siuk, and sink, un- here to which there is no exception. for Constitutionandlaw,andsomuchforthoFederal tilwebecomeasortof old,dull, moneyless,MexicanGovernment and the State Government, each of which town,that •subsists by catching a copper once in a whilethe Winterwounded man immediately inquired if the steward had during the previous, night: Edward Moran and George Wil- liams, while endeavoring to force one of the back windows of the comeonboard,andbeinginformedthat hehaxtnot,he storeJSfo.593Washingtonstreet,weredetectediatheactbyOffi- cer Ro«e o f theNmth V/urd. T h o burglars immsdiatoly fled, and while climbing over some sheds ia the rear WUliaius wa* captured by the officer, after a short fttruggle, during which the policemon'fc club did good service. Two other officers hasteningissovereigninitssphere.Thisisthequibbleupon fromatraveler,andekingouta.miserablelittletrade, monthsthePoliceStation-Houscsareoven-unwith•vsPbey^allappearedtothinkthatSutcliffewouldeven- which t b e nullitlers argue that the United States can- with the country immediately about it. This will he ournot make w a r upon or coerce a Suite. The Constitu- condition. A nd it will be that of every town and poor degraded outcasts, of both sexes, who there seek, 'tually- be found all right, but" still the matter causedIthat will not allow its liepresentatives to yield, merely Constitution and execute the.-laws, and the State can- In tho meanwhile, starvation throughout the South- modations for them. The average number of persons for peace, more tban is prescribed by the letter and not interpose its authority to shield a citizen charged ern cities, starvation in Alabama, starvation in- Southspirit of the Constitution. Every guaranty of t in. w - with an offense against a constitutional law of the Carolina, starvation in Mississippi, and even'starvation who find refuge under.the police wing ia about 400they identified his body.The evidence of the police of tho Twentieth. Wardshowed that t h e deceased w a s found o n Christmas morning lying insensible on the sidewalk near the spotCameron, were found secreted id the stero No. 216 Grand street. They were conducted to the Fourteenth Ward Stations douse, where they stated that thoynad be*n induced t o hide o n the; premises lor the purpose o f admitting burglars, but refused to> cis/e the names of their omployers Justice Steers subsequently locked them up foT a further examination. W*m Crossia was foundstrnmentoughttobofaithfully andreligiouslyob-UnitedStates. Butyoudonotwant.adisquisitiononlaw. ' iinKentucky,isthreatened..X«,8!almostintheneigh- borhood of the residence of the Vice-President himself. I have in my Intnd a letter from a Democrat living in Lexington, who says: -'• Times are so hard here that Iamcompelledtoeconomizesoastolive. Wehaveeverynight. ManyOfthesehomelesswanderersareunfortunate strangers from the country, who, having**I do not consider it absolutely certain that evenSouth Carolina will do anything more than to passlaws, ordinances, and resolutions of secession. Tncsewill not move the State out of its geographical or po- held 6u here until patience is entirely exhausted, and pick up a precarious subsistence at the back doors of litical ]>osition, though t h e South Carolinians m a y now we see no other alternative hut secession." T h e restaurants, a n d a t night a r e regular Station-HouseI am, therefore, opposed to any change .of the Con-stitution, and to any compromise that wiU surrender swear it does. If its citizens do not resist the execu- cry that "cotton is king" is well enough, but cottonpossoKbion a small amount of money, which ne had abstracted immediately conveyed to the Hospital, where, under from the till. Justice Quackeubush locked, him up to answer. the .care of the physicians, he recovered sufficiently to Detective Keefo ar.d Officer Crawford of the Third Ward, on Fri- day night, arrested David Bartlett and John Sheffield, who a r e givehisnameandstatethathehadbeen,assaultedby suspectedofbreakingmtothestoreofMr.Boat,s.tthecornerof Eighth avenue and Eighteenth street, and. currying off-S2 200- ruffiansandrobbedofhiswatchand$40.Soonafter worthofclothsandvettings.Somebmglars'implementswere- herelapsedintotinunconsciouscoudition,andsore- foundinthepossessionoftheaccused,'andth«yworelockeda»tion of the Federal laws, or levy war, there is no recentcontest.Jfthopersonallibertybillsofanybreachofthelaw,andnotrcaton.Butitisposbiblemuetbeprocuredwithbullion,withgoldandsilver;andwhileEnglandwillundoubtedlyaeudforwardherspecie in order to procure her supply of cotton, this 'specie must go to the Western cities aud States'-to save the Southern cities and States from t h e direful catas- trophe of famine; What a comment, this painful fact, upon the favorite theory of establishing non-intercourse laws between the North and the South, and of taxing th6f-e States which are supposed to^have passed Per-than any other in tbe city, for.the reason that their accommodationsfetingmoreextensive,applicantsareMateinfringe upontheConstitution,theyshouldulor.ee br r*i*£led. Most of them have slumped uponthe Htatute booki* for year». They are now. HCizod uponbv tho«e who are plotting disunion as a pretext W eshould give them no pretext. It is always right and the law bv the whole power ef the country, and the proper for each State to upi-ly to State laws the test olthe Con-titulion. ,« . , ,. , / 'vicij^. Itisa remarkable fact that neither of the border i*iee Stater—New-Je:»-y, l'enn*ylvania, Ohiojndiana,IllanoiH, nor Iowa—have any nmJi upou their statute upon, mid to aid the enforcement of the law . book*. Thelawsofthesefctatea,agiunst kidnapping, 1 hope we may not have collision, especially ttre similar tothoseof Virginia and Kentucky, ihe do 1 hope not in mercy to the slavenolding bvww of other btalCH, uo-caile*!, have never operated tosonal Liberty bills!" :' ;releiuw a single'lugiitve slave, a n d may bo regarded, simply, u»a protest of tboae Stau-s agaiust the harsh featuresoftheFugitiveSlaveLaw.Sofarasthey Lnfring*" UJXJU the Constitution, o r impair, m ifie least, a coiwtitutiomil right, tiaey are void and ought to bo lepealed. v _^must meet—and if w e cannot save our countrymenfrom their own madnets we must save our country anditsthriceexcellentformofgovernment. Thoughitisthe general opinion here that we shall have open rebel-being implicated in the murder. Station-HouseandlockedupuntilthearrivalofMr. O'Flaherty. Immediately on seeing the prisoner, Mr. O'Flaherty positively identified him as one of the ruf-thattheSouthCaroliniansandothersmaybe*onia«i as to resist the law, or attack the United' States forts, and commit treaeon. For them and the whole country this would be a great calamity, because vindication ofsent there from other wards. During lust'week they. mained until he died. Several small articles of femalefor examination.Both are represented as being old offenders. .mI Advertisement. Jlegal punfshmeat of treason, muBt a t once b e entered' ution by this Government,' and, if the.ci\ilofficers are inadequate to the task, the law directs the army and the navy, and the militia of the States to be culledaccommodated 79i) lodgers. On Friday night the num- ber sleeping there was 129 males and four females-r-that being about the usual number lodged there-nightly.POLICE COMMISSIONERS.—-This Board met on.Satur- day afternoon and placed Mrs. Lewis, widow of a de- ceased policeman, o n t h e pension list. Doorman Smith of the Fifteenth Ward was dismissed from tho Department, being imqualificd. T h e resignation of Patrolman VredenEurg of the Sixteenth W ard was ac-dress—which he hadpurchased for his intended—were found upon his person. The inju'ries of which;he died were chiefly on the head, his Skull having been exten- sively fractured, doubtlessly a blow from a slung-shot.Mr. O'Flaherty gave Capt. Walling of the Twentieth Ward a fair description of the ruffians w;ho had assault- ed the deceased and himself. At a late hour on Satur- day, officer Irving of the Twentieth Ward arrested a young m a n named^Jeremiah Flynn o n suspicion ofEDWARD H. BJTXON, M.D., Editor of The Scalpel, and Operating and Consulting Surgeon, No. -i.% 5th-&v- Ofiice consultationn on the more obscure diseases of the pelvic viscera. Rupture, Pile*. Varicocele, and Fistula, radically coraQ. without the knife or ligature. Office hoars from 3 to 9,1 to 3. and 7 to S eveuiuga.[Advertisement.]NEW-YEAR'S CALLS.—FOWLEB, & WELLS,Practical Phrenologists, No. 306 Broadway, New-Y"ork, vvlil b * happy to receive those who desirs their professional servictw on. New-Y ear's Day, from «' u_ m. to 2 p. ml There can be no better waytocommence theNewYear than to obtainawritten.d«- senpticn of your, character, which will teaoh you bow to exercise yourfaculties,andrestrainyourpassions,intbemannerbeetcal- culated to insure your success and happiness.[Advertisement.] iTHE FORTS IN CHARLESTON £TARBOR. are creat- ingnogreaterexcitementinpoliticalcirclesthantheNATIVX AKKICAXS and other novelties Bsmuzn is "-showing up" at hi* Museumareinfamiliesandamongthepublicgenerally,who seemtofindmoredelightaxdsatisfactioninlookingathisnov- elties and witnessing his amusements than in aaything else our city affords: If Baraum was 1'resident he would have a National Convention in hi*great Show Shop, and at his everlasting and unvaryingchargeofaVquarter"would putmore moneyinhis purxe than Secretary Floyd has by plundering the Treasury.States. B u t what Providence sends or. permits wo"POSTMASTER-GENERALDEMANDING-H IS MONEY.thatofKeeperoftheHouseofDetentionforWitnesses, reaeeableorunlawfulrescueotfugitivesUvesiathe Wemustdrifttothe4thofMarchandmeetwhat alsodetermined,asbeforesuggested,..tosuppressmail wasremovedfromtheDepartmentaboutsixweekshasalreadyserved'onetermoftwoyearsintheState Prison,,andhispicturehaslongoccupied-aprominent position*intheRoguet?Gallery. Hewaslockedup for examination.;-< • • •'whole United States. It has been shown that the lawof recapture and the penalties of rescue have beenalmost invariably executed. Count up all the cases ofre-cueof negroes in the North, and you can ami in fore an account of them ia a letter wouldthe futuie upon any basis of reason or common sense.comeswhenandasitcomes. Xouseethodebatesin the tw o Houses of Congress and their proceedings and get the news of events as they occur be-terfered' with in that State. •THE COMMISSIONERS, OF DISUNION.murder of white men in the South. Tncse cases have on tbe distant frontier wheie you are to see the with Gen- B. F . Butler and Dr. George B.Lonng ol dren, from the.Children's Aid Society, will leave New- now become so frequent and atrocious, as to demaud futuie before it comes as anybody here who is not Massachusetts, who retired as the Commissioners were York on the 2d of January, under the charge of Mr.The South Carolina Commweioneis called upon the vour newspapers more CWM-Sof unhtwful lynching and reach yon, and you are quite as well prepared President oh Friday. Ho was.the^ in consultationA LECTURE ONing ah opening address was delivered at the Institute Riding School, Nos.llSand 117 West Twenty-third street, by Captain Ralston, formerly an officer of cav- alry of the British army, who is the~ proprietor and directorofthisestablishment. Thesubject ofthead- drees was, " The art; of. riding, and its relations to, health, psychologically, physically, arid recreatively." The lecturer gave an interesting though brief, history of the introduction and employment of the horse in the earlier and modern times—the development of the art Of equitation—and t h e high value o f riding a s a graceful exercise, elegant recreation, and ministrant t o health and spirits. I t w a S observed that the earliest mention of tlie horse is in the Book of Genesis.and the'first-,mention of him as. subservient to the will of man in the Book of Exodus, where in relation to the flight of the Israelites it is said that " the Egyptians pursuedafterthem with thehorses andchariotsof Pharaoh and his horsemen."tJue attention of the txeneral Government. The same in the councils of nullitiers, and thus able to knowannounced. The, President and the Commissioners presently went into the private binary of the Execu- tive where the interview was held, lasting about two hours. No member of the Cabinet was present; it wasH. Friecgen. Poor boys desirous of having good honies in the country, and parents w h o wish to have their ehiidren provided for ia like manner, may callWhenever the Alum' Safe has encountered fire, the evidence thtiH elicited has beeu of the same purport aa the following:u Mr. ISAAC BRX DQM—Dear AVr: VVo take great pleasure i a communicating to. you that our Seie, one of Valentine & ButWa Alum Patent, proved a perfect saccess in t h e large fire o f Slot September last, when our more, as well as a number of others, was consumed The heat was so intense that t h e brass knob* ond.plates were all melt«d off, and the iron warped; and thOofk the Safe feU fromithe second story, and lay in the ruins over twelve hours, on opening it the contents, consisting of books, papers, and papermoney, proved entirely uninjured.*Veiy respectfully,article of the Constitution that secures the recapture of fugitive* from service a n d justice, also secures t h e rights of citizens of l'eun.ylvwhat their strength a n d real designs are. But what-ever comes, 1 have faith that wisdom, patience, for-bearance, courage, and the blearing of Providence, willcarry our country saiely through all the trial.sin store S l y a > ivnte interview. The Present gave the at the office-of "the Children's Aid-Society this morning. for us, and when w e get through them, our national Comrfjssionerff.no positive .answer to then- proposi-,-ania and Ohio to all the immunifits and privileges of citizens in the several State?. N o Jaw has been pass«jd by Congress to secure this constitutional right. So Jbxeeuuve authorityboundaries will be unchanged, and constitutional lib- erty and the union of the States will be more firmly es- tablished than .they were in the beginning, and upontions for the opening of negotiations, stating that, h e wished, to confer with his Cabinet on the subject. H e , however, utterly disclaimed haying 'authorized theTHE PHOTOGRAPHIC ALBUM.—During the past two or three weeks the photographers have been busy mak- zensorNorthernStates.So,Itrust,itmayeverthesamefoundationsthogoodoldlathorslaidwhenconductofMajorAndersoninrelationtotheCharles-ingphotographiccardsforNew-Year'scalls.Manymusr\yt»4% t o protect our ritiAjns, a n d > e t we hear no tbre«tsof retJiaiion or lehellion troia Northern oti-be. ' .The great danger that now overshadows ns does not arise from real grievances. Hotter* for disunion avail themselvesvf tne wei.kuesa of the Executive to pre-they framed our Government, and put its constitutional machinery in motion under the direction of GeorgeWashington.ton forts, arid 'said Major Anderson acted not only con- traiv to orders, but in direct violation of them. _iSmedhitely'after the departure &**&$&&* erJ a«ls^esAsino^nriofftheCabinetwas_held, lheCabinetladies have provided themselves with small albums for the reception o f these cards, a custom lately inaugu- rated in Paris, from whence the albums a r e imported,"BSXMW, Wci»TH0.F» «CCo. •on their way to that State. These preparations forone year of our population is greater than her entire military-defease are made, we think, under a law o~ be renewed. . . . . „..,.:population, white a n d blade. Either o n e o f severalCongressional districts in the West has more white the last Legislature, which provided $400,000 or'art, the first undoubted notice was said to be in the books o f Homer, who, i n t h e Odyssey,, compare* Ulysees,when shipwrecked and clinging to a plan>£ to a skillful horteman keeping his seat across a,'restive1^tesa?^^^^^^^^^ ® AjaxA defendingthe tice,atEYKR»K;U/Soldstore,No.302Broadway,cor.Duane-auinhabitant* than she has. H e r military power ia crip-pied by the preponderance of her staves. Howeverbrave,andgafJknt,and spirited,herpeoplemaybe—-and no one disputes these traits—yet i t is mauiteat s h ebj Weak in physical force. This great Ooveramentmight well treat with indulgence paper sec«e«loii{ orthe reeolves of her (invention and Legialature with- to follow. How tney exiieot to get along I cannot see.topiession prev Mr. Holt, PoBtmuster-Gencral, of Mr. .Turner, and sold a t the 'astonishingly low priceElegau-t VISITING CARDB for New Year CaHa• m m \ I Advertisement.]M>JE>iCAL.—The undersigned, pupil o f R J C O R D ,have been applied to- a* people of Thesaaly, w h o wsy, cor. Bond-st., New-York. From 10 to 2, and 8 M> 8,evening.Yours tiuly, FKESTON.KIN;U." MINOB* ITEMS ' !arebym>meansunainmous^inregardtothe,drty.of nonebeingmadeasyetinthiscountry. Theyare the President respecting the condition of affairs^n bound in the Gift Book styles, and have a capacity ofcipitate revelation. South Carolina haa taken theleap. Tliemovwuent would be utterly insignificant ifconfined to that State. Sh«isstillintboUnion,andneither the President nor Congress hae the power toconsent to her withdrawal. This «^»n only be by a ment of that State desired to make a contract it St. w> widely that it will be almost impossiblefor them to- change of the Constitution, or the acquiescence oi theWARLIKE PKKI'AKATIONS IN ALABAMA.£rle?Sandi-aW astothemodeof.treating.the South Caoliua Commissioners. The ^f.^hev^ifferA house in this city received a letter yesterday from Alabama, stating that the head of the military depart-fronv20 to 200 cards.•'"#. - :INT. ERE S TING' FR OM WA SUING TON.Mr. Holt, the Postmaster-General, has sent orders totheSub-TreasureratCharlestontoremitallthebalance cepted. On.motion,thosumoi*$2,000waspaidtowardHe was taken to the—$35,000, on the Post-Ofiice account—in his possession,the House_of Detention building.The Rev.Charles J. Warren, who was transferredlion and the collision of force I do not yet believe w e immediately, to the credit of that Department. If thisshall. T h e imbecility a n d fatuity of the present ad- order is not complied with' at once, he will demand ofmatter.toandfromSouthCorouna*ifthemailsnrein- since,butthematterwas,keptsecret,andonlyleakedSTEREOSCOPIC NOVELTIES.—Dming the year the^.people of the other Motes. The defence of the property Louisfora large supply of warlike materials—pow- a*The Commissioher^ .have been very | t g £ j g a t stereoscopic world has been greatly enlarged. N ew heroic or classic ages—it was ascribed to Erecthonius, payers in a state of preservation. I am fully eonviaeed th«t theder kud, cavalry equipments, ccc—and that, as soon of the United States and the collection of tue revenues as wimples were furnisned, the order would he givenx»eed not cause the shedding o f blood, unless s h e com-mences a contest of physical force. The increase in Accordingly, the samples were.prepared, and aaenowThe closet inteiview with thTEVecutTve' was evidently not to their entire satis-an early Kiog of Attica, that he had been the intro-Alum patent Safe ia all that you claim it to be. viz.: A sure pro- tector and nre^defying rcpo»itory for books ana papers.h ,u»rssession,SwitfiRthxoi*u*ticKoMnuJ«n«grtonanyvconclusion relauttivethcdiHpositiun of the troops atrCharleston. The^lm- Mot trevailcathataconihetwaslueyitabe^Sfecc-reUiry Toucey a n d others, a further evacuation i t South Carolina has taken the step; Georgia, Honda, urged defense; th eTilB PENNSYLVANIA'S AHMINO.Accounts from the interior of Pennsylvania are to. . .,. .;[Advertbemeht.]?i00,000 for that punMHje. Kvery article wanted c a nbe speedily fujmished in this city.-(tinted and plain), printed from' engraved plates, at 1 hour's no*r (St.LouluEspoblica**,Pec27. PEHTITTJTION AND INSURRECTIONof twenty-live cents per dozen in a case that serves aaan instrument.; Photo-lithography, however, cannotas yet compete with photography in anything butGrecian ships, and iejtping frem one torthe. other, to a well trained horseman riding four chosen steeds, and vaulting at pleasure from the bacKof one to the other. The fable of t h e centsiurs was adreerteu t o ; properly,Alabama, Mississippi, Ixmiriana, and- Texas, are sure-The-fourfirstoftheseStatesaredeeplymdebt,andwfhoutmoneyorprovisions. Therearenotprovis-ions' enough in those States to keep their people from irmnu ou among all classes, uuuer t«.v IUUII« « ^ .V " "cheapness,ardthoughthoviewsnowmade:byMr. itshouldbesaid;"Hippo-cen«A»rs,"or,literally,theTurneraremuchbetterthanthosewhichMr.Loydof "horsemenslayersofbulls." Thetermwassaidto andotherdiseasesofimportoncetothesexes. No.CS8Broad-outinvokingphysicalforcetoonforcethelawsamong hercitizen*.Without disrespect to South Carolina, it would be**£/,,vi:hwthatShayHreMiionandtheWhiskyin- starvationforfourmonths,andnomoney,noarms, snrreeuon .v<j<i ^ tJoverniueut in greater danger munitions of w ar, and no-organized'military force;recession o/South Carolina. Hut the their only hope is, that tho General Government will ffiSSi I H T v S fe« i'»i**i»g when w e are assured not interfere to force them injo submission. N ow ,Sir, if the Government will utop all the mails ifl any^ffi*XMffiM JwateTwfllvttry soon follow in orallofthesecedingStates,anddirectall'po&imuHlera Wived of moements in Maryland, ^^clumeiiE. Anthony now takes tlie lead. During^tho year he has published a eeriea of Califomhui views, exhibiting eomeof the moat strikiog effects of theyery-peculiarof horses in thr, time "of Cyrus the Great;; the presence -of EVhiopian cavalry in the expeditionat reduced priceti, wholosale and retail. FoVHTAlX'sINDIAStO-^Ut,K?JV&SL SSlfmCarulii'a; h«d wnen we know that "."Vcl^^erfui ,yn.pnthi/.e with the fceceding Mtatr^ ' e extent of opposing, au J jajrhajisin all the other States not to receive any mailable mat- ter going to or from such seceding States, aud blockade/lhatMr.Llncolu'tttransit through that^Stato totheof Xerxeeit h eappearance ofhorses fcyudW3 Bro«4fT»y. 6 8.^-*^-www.fultonhistory.com•-'-~-Bryant'e Minstrels.—Novelty and fun are th e ruleSTATIOXN'-HOUSKLODGJJKS.—Duringrelated to the captain' the particulars of the occurrence.no money, are compelled to seek shelter in the Station-i-./'frcharmingscenery which, can be found in any co„untyy; tion with practical instruction in the Riding-School,petticoats, with laces rich;and rare; we see toilet^room and bed-cliambers---in fact^ a great deal more than wSaturday afternoon for Liverpool. She takes out 43 in capturing the suspected burglar. H e consented to cabinpassengersand..74inthesteerage, gowitbthem,but ongaining.theBtreetsuddenlydrew —rS—.• S S « a knife and attempted to stab His captors,, when he wasernoon, and firom^the evidence of John O'Flaherty, who witnessed the affray, we condensethe following account of the fatal occurrence: ;The deceased, who was a quiet, sober, and respect-able man, 27 years of age, was steward on board theHouse. Others, again, are habitual stragglers, who where the ipnrderous assault had occurred. Ho was ia tlie store JN'o. 421 Broadway on S'rid^y night, haviug in hi*some months ago from the position of Property Clerk to. fians who had assailed him on Monday night... 'Flynnout a night or two ago./CHILDREN FOR T H E WEST.—A company of chil-EXCIT A TION.—OnThursdayeven-regions in Europe, Asia, and Africa, have been photo-and it is doubtful wletheran-offlwil call will graphed by European artists, and Ferrier, king of recorded this honor to be due sometimes to this kingtheir residence in writing.ducer o"f horses to Greece, but that t h e ancients h a d .andSometimestoNeptune. Ofhorsemanship,asau TheAwnPATKSJTSATKS,andROTARYLOCKS,fordwelling-faction,The Cabinet broke uponFtiday...i.*' Lti, nighty.afterafivestereoseopers, has'produced afi-esh'seriesof glass views, which display a marvelous perfection. In paper views a novelty haahcen introduced. by the Appletons, sev- eml series, photographed by the verysuccessful processhouse doors, for safe by the Patentees and Sole Manufacturers, YALK.NTINK ic BtrrutR, No. 337 Broadway.,fCStthatenrollmentsofvolunteersarequietly thecUectDemocrat.ld.sunk. M:tt KopuuiiCtti^•'Untitled DocumentPhiladelphia endeavored to introduce two-yeflrs ago,clearedthatpartofGreecefromwildbullsbyhuntingConwltation enFrancat's,' C. D. UAMKORD, M. D. g,•"'••"•'•*• Pstill their main yalue will be to create a demand forM U told to bold liia wee, to they arc «U better pictures. Of the makers of American views Mr. for horsemansbin. T^t introduction of equestrianism•.;•,•'.J.I...; '-.v.-. .-..-;* - '..-•• *?*• ^ • •.;•;•..-•:; 'A'•. %-••The gi'and description of the horse by the prophet/Job wa» likewise quoted. Later—in the so termed^ Ou opening it at your manufactory, which had to be don* bythem on horseback, a n j w,ho had acquired great fameand the equestrian Older to Imperial -Rome; the use and AMKKICAN INDIAN AHTICLXS, STAI-I.B uud FAKCV GOOD*.andSummerhereafterthiswillbeincreased.:AKBKST OtApKlXAn-ELrHIAJJUROLAIU—-OtUCreaderswilldoubtlessremembertheoutrageouseaseoffortheburglaryandtwoforreceivingthestolen,goods, all ofwhom,we believe,are stilliacustody- Batsuspected that a person known as Charles William aliasTHE*,I Advertise mentl.^V ARIABLE KESUI/XV .- _ "New-Oriear8,Dec. 19,1860."in . [Advertisement].FIRE IN FRANKFORT STREET. !. «NBW-YORK,Dec22,I860. "Mewri. VAIKSTTHTB ic BCTLER: Permit me to inform yo«»that at thefirewhich occurred iu tbeseven-atory building, Noe. 'M and 28 Fraukfort-st., on the 19th Inst., one of your Alum Patent Safes was severely exposed to tho heat for naouy hours.mdrilling, kc-, 1 was exceedingly gratified to hud m y books aoa" xours, &©. EDWARD O. JK.NKIXS," No. 183 WUiiam-st."the celebrated Sexual Surgeon of Paris, andof Profs. CAXKOOHAX andV.Morrofthiscity,treatsirocessftdlyNKKYOUSDaaiutTr,•• •? .- -. J. -. . ',- *. -• •- ,• ;~ , : K ;' . , . - ! , -- • •[Advertisement.] 4JAPANESE, CHINESE, EAST INDTIA, ^IANILLA, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069J?-' 