 m-(b.ttSfiL or TBirncL Mt NUS AMLSMMNNHESrONKIKiEM l u t a t t aTfeefeaiwasaaaofBatheto giveIMl-ftr*e-^^^^•5i tea3ejra- forUK- bra a atr.K.HTJ-like No a print of the prisoner of St.tost bed, feat must haveaad tba disposition of had evidently been made pur-a view to acrease it. On either tide were ia mint white robes, rrpaattog to dull, mo- aiBtraaaa tones the prayers ef tba Boaatoh Church for thedeparted BouLFor myself, wad from frequent association w a s inti-mately acquainted with the features of the deceased, the"dhtte. te fact, the k, had to wait tathe saOcd glass dears, tilllien of a previous far their owa.aeateaftbeuaual *Invited for seven aatosb. which ad r divided from ItBnsael, a reply, said" that11UBiBedaf at b *lived upon givtog atoBBBaaw CoafereceeHamta iH&epmitni. Charles Maokay, stood up, a s h efor the last three or focr years, and answered to theof "The press," and I am told ha eeaaxaaatadh a sof the day. Mr. United States, wen all hearts by the hospitable courtesy of his welcome. Mr.3f-1*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comThe new Minister of arranged thatthe tat ae*., willT HE WHOll SO. $717.*.-meiotiitmstoZiiidwi Wmmt mf Cmmt Awmmwm Tkmmj-ltm dec toaaaff etorta m taf aV»ttmtmmm&tmmtltia line Tkttr JbasH barpauponthewiilo-and that the whole artificial m—PT The .ve.be said, a sub- expenditure. Every ad- t whets the appetite for more good things, and so *" on. One thing is intol- wwwm,a«a»d*t•h«a»t misjmthme.,——. system Either theal- dittonal thirty millions are sufficient for the defence of distance, to the rear, was the dome of tha the country or they are not, said he, aad tha volunteer system is only lighting the candle at both eada, for the Ministers' demands betog supplied, tha people are giving»f'~ . , '-'«.».•.-.. V*»# .t-• •f * irfrofafrottedfj." Parlor to ;w fee* waatha.b said ofhat.iahtol, of The!DayweCelebrate"in and Paris.andshrivelled bydaaaae,andforthemummeryofState purposes propped up in death all ia the habihaantsaf Lfe, was simply disgusting, aad I never remember more enjoyingthepuresirthanwhenI made myfinalegreaa fr«mthepalace. Iknownothingtomymindwhichtollsfresa Lit weea! at tea tee Tib. ante Stoat ttaBasetowa tost, arrived kcmtbttfp«he had aebagde of simsaiaia, armed with Armstrong** guns, they would be of great service, and most an cept&bie.lag to advicearecei'^d from the cures and the secret police. The Presidentof tba Superior Committee to Moasignor Lsaehtora, a Calabrian. warmly recommended by thethe fall measure of tfee terrors of death.Much haa been written about the respectability of thecompartments, bearing sh scribed the names of the day, and as the notes of the national airs o f Ameri tertag in the breeze, « . general. The cards of iavi bat it was not till an hoar showed symptoms of tilling calculated th a there were cans, besides several impossible not to bewhich presided over every Faulkner, the Minister ofover which were to It was a lovely poured forth the: spangled banner flat excitement became mentioned two o'clock, \ the capacious saloons six o'clock it wasat more than €00 Amer: ad English vMiters. Itrith the excellentAran, aw,M00.1. Meat. Gea. fteott has left a e order or Instructions with the to gnat a joint BBhitarysacBBBBwfe o f flaa Juanbaa any authorit} besathe United States to the General too- eupattaa or that atand TheScott, when is command here,ernor rjeagtosst the . « _ ,that transaction. So arreagemantto renew it within the knowledge of the manstag.% The British authorities bavtogranee to General Scott that ao BBtoBBBt would b e made b y them to dislodge by force the United States troops on San Juan bland, they were permitted to toad taeapa far staai- lar purpose to which your cwamand waa designed ta tba original orders easveyed to you ia M y tost, vis tha protection of our citizens frost Indians, both native andosaeaUyifar the desn.t it*Lonion Tavern, on the "gtorioua Poorth," aadbad tpeecht-s, pa.r .•>.. »m aad champagne, ad UbttuM. A friend of mxe,-»bo waa present, told me the speeches were re- markabk* far aoic.ag; ia a c t , remarkably dull aad oom moa place, with t w o exceptions— one from Mr. Isaac H . Bsily, of your city, jean arrived here fresh from Yankee land, u l Mr. Falvey, of Southampton, editor of theof t h e Nuncios, legitimists a a d daaaacted cler_g_y_, 1to torn a serious opposition to the government Plus UIS.. is as a child to the hands ef these bigoted men, who, aided by Antonelli, are driving the Peps to Inevi- table destruction.The French Ambassador at Naples, M. de Breater, waa assaulted ta tfee street of that capital a few toys stoce, with a loaded cane that he was carried to naensible. Tbia outrage baa exasperatedthe French people- I am assured that tha Emperor Na poleon a t once sent a despatch to Maples, such a s ceased a profound terror among the murderous surrounders ofnot see what sort of people got together on Sunday; pro- bably they were better dressed, but certainly on Satur- day, whan I waa present, there was none of that out- Ward respectability, mourning clothing, etcetera, of which we have heard; it was simply a gigantic assem- blage of the great unwashed of Para. Aad the odeur da peatde, when linrloaai within the princely walls of the Palace Royal, waa anything but that of roses.M. Troplcng, sa President of the Senate, when address- ing that body oa the subject of Jeromes death, was evi- dently anxious that the physical resemblance of the de- ceased to the giant Napoleon should be "a thing to henf jrmedM. Thou venelta the afo*a» of Lords, oa the 5th Jfrt.,tfce Hate «f af tirs a Stairy waa sihatii, aad the cCndcct of Garibaldi te the highest terms by nearly all the Lord Wodeheuas stated tail government badso far in the history af the earth and civilixatlaatliat be 1.1 not get down to the tiasa of "Noah and theCarta and others, who asslst-fl af stewards, were unoeaa mg ta their efforts that no one should adss entertainment oi mind or body on this auspicious day.itteiry to iBgtaad.iof Cornscona, on the tame evenag, Maa>X they bad lakam any stupe to prevent a iof the atrceitiaa easBBittod at Palermo by tbaspeakrr and goo-i fellow, J. Rodney Croakey, Elf. He and now the military peform their duties. One thing will waa tha Vice President of the maatiag, aad I believe was the extent of the meanness of Francis II. He haa"Who among you," he says, "It passing yesterday that funeral couch where toy the brother of Napoleon L , did not feel more preened to him aad more keen tha memorya ttieaa,'pitchedn"tohta« —.*-—-,,a,- wiiij•iwhj**Jar OUsa Jefea BalL aai fear tba aaasaarJ^^p% ^^^W ^^PBwJ^^^B MB TMJ ^*—^^"TM*"r ^^^ •^••••'•••••^W -Mowe*"katjj0 ^-'^** oaaaStalioarpeextorted ina fear, oaly to be brohkeaa atofsafety. Norjjapalfey,anquarter,noat as, and sothitg salbrt af freedom and independencebc'th8ici!iea. Ma?they getwbat they so ardentlyde-sire, and so nohiy Jeaarve. Tbia week 1have seen a lat-deal at Rome hiae well as the names of the hidden government '—„ First on the lie lis the aaas keadraaaa w h o a completely both his mother and his wife.a to Piisaeniansiilil, a Bawaaaaaatdevoted to the Jesuits. i ef the saaiis now a Paris. I haveShe hi a vehement napaaas «fThelatasefollowi,- TbeDuieSaivati.The Marquis Patrizi. TherbuntLabaaki.the oom Scott, who baa directed that a aaatltthey could ef the troops ef each sattoa SSBMSW eecuey that there SBnwJd beae ssalaalii jara-to the moat gigantic arrogance was iasuflarahto, particularly aa aa one had en- Man attempted at asodera times. B e deavored to curtail or abridge the individual's privilegesand the correspondent of tie NEW YOBX HXSAIO were Lyons immediately wrote to General Cass the follow .egthat,whilebesupportedtheresaimnine,bewaaorrightsbelaaeefeewasnot"nativeandtotheman-more,thatthegallantyoungsoldierwouldbe acr horn." The eroociaiian did not rebuke the large mentioned ta his grandfather's will. I am assuredto listen to an address from bur. Faulkner, concluded with a reading of the American Declaration of Independence. Mr. Faulkner is not B fluent speaker, butia flavor af •aeuon,' aad iwaarved to haaaeif tba right, ^«t»tiaceef the aggrefiaor, and a challenge was sentJ beaaar aaf bet news by practicalafgMbg to am trou theaksnrnUiwfle tha native Aaterican. Of course that such was not the case. All who know Captain Bona-i MHF Ja4nea> aj*c»^ op^chave arrired ta bad body, aad at the captured the Cryatol PaJaee, aad, iof old, captivated all the inmata.the•of the <American citizens on the Island.'' Ittounnoeataryformetosayaaythtag moretoshiwthat th»recent orders of General Harney are acocaatect with the arrangement aade by General Scow, approved by the President aad aeesptod by bar Majesty s govern menu Under that arrangement tranquillity had been BjBBBBBBBSd at San Juaa for six months, aad cordial r > laiioas bad subsisted between the Britah aad Amarioaa authorities in the neighborhood. I am coandant that the government of the United States will lose not a moment a takag measures to avert the deplorable conseq :«*••-<?himtheforcetheirsupplieshaveenabledhimtobuy. whichwould,indeed,beonlytoolikelytofollowanydis-samboes supportXbe only addliaaaaj saapeaaion of importance in the bound to rus from Galway. Where to? Why, te Que- leather trade a that of Lawrence^UorUmore hCat, of bec. To nowhere. They already get £59,000 a yeartions do net admit of the evolutions of heavy cavalry.It is rumored here that the American Bonapartea will commence a suit at taw for the recovery of what is rigLtfully their share of Prince Jerome's estate. l a mpassed under the spectator's eye like one perfect piece ofmecLanlsm, and while they surged slowly on under thebright beams of a sea, brilliant but not scorching, with alight breeze hardly sufficient to rnMe the plumes in theirhelms, it was impossible to repress one's admiration for/ the separation had not takjen place without fighting sults out of his power to control." * such exquisite discipline. There was the mulfied drum, We are both better as we are. only we did not thick offrom the Canadian government, and this, with the Gal- Liverpool, tba aotsaapoading a n a of gtreetneli, Law- •way and Newfoundland subsidy, will make them upPity, said Mr. Cobden, in his rcild, benevolent manner,f moderation be shown. Bulldog bad aaJed Sottba purpose af tohJtg [windings a the projected route of the Sorthtioa. But they have £200,000 cash and three or four ftrst Privy Council. He will reside at the Palais Royal. class steamers, tesidea some alder boats. Then they havetime and measure. And yet a the midst of one's glow of admiration something like a sentiment of compassion crept up. Compassion to think how little all this goodly show availed to shed a single ray of balm on the 'sloven- ly, unhandsome corpse" it surrounded.And what other capital likewise has the world ever seen possessed of such noble thoroughfares and such spamdid architectural piles, whereon a spectacle soSir Joseph O'Niffe. Mr. Cobden particularly expatiated upon the rapid strides America Was making a the arts, and mentioned some beautiful specimens ot sculpture ha had himself inspected b y native artists. He said that when America began—as she would before, long—to com pete with the best European artiste in this department, many who a t present were blind to her wonderful progress would begin to open their eyes; B e instanced the Marquto ofLansdowne. ••When, ' said he, "I spoke w the oM maa about the gigantic strides of ibe United States, he listened benignly, but not curiously; bat when I spoke of faca con- nected with the arts, and said that the time was approach- ing when their specimens wealdfeegladly received aa im- ports in England, the old man pricked ap his ears and seemed struck with astonishment."Atlantic Tetograah enble. The tola) diatte cruiser Foxwas expected to leave aoathamptoa about the middle of he baa |ad nothing to do with tba managementmon—Apmearmtte of Prime* XapoUon—Prlttce Jerome's Al-Imcameet Made Over to Prince Napoleon—CMhraticm nf theFuurih of July in Pmrie—Six Hundred AmeriemMU Partieipat- vast and grand could be adequately developed. bta in the Oremtonia EngHiA Sohihiltt—The Toiler, of the I look up my position on a rising ground at the extremeJfbfcaf Ihkg* thsB tagf^aajjaft -^aMfttpmaafjiifMIlha Ttga arrived at <>ieenstowa, and the Arago at\t m the evening or tne «th of July. rrcspwdcncaLoiDos, July 7,since the company wad formed. Bow the peo- ple of Ireland and of Galway will reUah their new steam connection with a small village off north of the St. Law- rence, ia place of'a mall passenger and commercial ser- vice to twp each cities as Sew fork aad Boston, seems to be act piihtoBaatJral They will, nnmaiteksMy, be very angry The fact was, the present government, having a very large majority a the Boose of Commons, are hostileLadiee—Mmic ami", Dottdnm Admrem of Mr. fuulkner, the end of the avenue d'Antin, from whence a noble vista Amenem Mimittw Mr. Cobden't View* of AIM ikon ArtiUn— stretched before me. I could see the cortege gradually Mm Opinion of Napoleon—Pari* Goiap. g»o. .' sweep round from the broad avenue of the Champav Elysees till it tilled the whole space of the avenue d'au- No occasion ta omitted a Paris of eyjkuig public even e la. Nothing could he more imposing and heart stirrmg.1111 II11lis atr.J*^^ ow^BBawa . w BBBBS IV-assvasngalaBSf. I"saTltoa?ass>O s f 'faajsu.tfee question of Ota nobleof the Causedthe latter laughed at it, ana there It dropped; but the na- tive American withdrew frees the aaaociattonr with hto brutaet sanitary ca since he entered t h e French army appreciate h i manly, generous character, aad wish him well I havtance America had received from France in her hour of distress in terms of warm eulogy, and while dwelling ta strong language on the conduct of the British, male a graceful allusion to the fact of some individuals of the old country being present o a that occasion. A t the conclu- sion of the reading of the Declaration, tnree cheers were1 give j c some unwelcome news. The Galway Oompn- treanently been told by those who were ia familiar at rj,atfut Thieh so much las been said and written, tendance upon Prince Jerome that fee was moat affection- ha.* b*-»-n seld, and you have been sold, the Bostoniana ately dfepoaed towards hto grandson, and that he washave beea sold, the Irish have been sold, aad a very con- proud of his military successes. It is said here that the Mr. Bright would aeitber attack acr defend the reaolo- siderable of a •'sell"" has been come on almost everybody Captain is disliked by Prince Napoleon, whose influenceWhat other nation, ancient or modern, could have thus,as it were impromptu—for oae heard comparatively nothing of preparation—etudded its cia sacra with an armedarray not leas gorgeoas and dazzling than appropriate to called for. and every hat and band and hanukercief wasTfee debate waa centin:od on tae follow ng ereaicg.Hito consideration.It would be superriuous to remark upon the iccccsie-tency oi the whole tenor and spirit of these orders c _c the satisfactory arrangement aaade by General Sactt m November last. But there w one point te wuicb I o&nnc. but call the particular attention of the government of the United States.Genera! Harney directs the officer in command cf the United States detachment to acknowledge ami respect the civil jurisdiction of Washington Territory o v r the Island of San Juan, and he goes oa to say that ha - i s sat^fiei that any attempt of the British commaniler to gnore X.a right oi the Territory will be followed by deplorable re-*•i iiMOB^mG EDITlOH-SATURDAY, JULY 21, 1860.A _L*JJ.PBiCE TWO CENTS.dates; ball of the f aW BBet«ask*B ofiT<5phets aider almost half an hour. George F . Train Francis II. The man who assaulted M. Braater iswas not there, John Blgelow waa not there, Pliny Miies named Manetta, a notorious executioner of the baserwas nut there, aud tha lard knows who waa there. Xo- designs of the basest police that any government everbaay, with tba aaove slight exceptions, who had the least encouraged. Hefeatact aa yet been arrested. By the pretension to oratory or racy conviviality. made any flg- by, I should have stated above that there exists ao moreThe todns of the ladies were perfect, white and lilacbeing so predominating as almost to be general. Mrs.Faulkner was especially observant in a very handsome foreiga.received ao atlSBBtlna of the appoatmeat of aa Env yj ara. C*,> yes, I do wrong to one good ettixen, good police at Naples. It haa fled before aa enraged populace, remembered."morning dress of richly embroidered muslin, with ample riouncts relieved by the fashionable color, and her gra- cious deportment to all who"were presented to her was generally remarked. Time would fail to particularize theIa connection with this aervice, tba General eommand- tog takes occasion to preeeat you to Admiral Baynes and the officers with whoa yea wiB be brought in contact, as an officer posserstog h a highest BBBBBBSBBB. that Bathing will be <»nittod to SBBBBBasBtof a frank aad generous in- tercourse, a all matters cosniag within your powers, to establish a practical solution ef the present sataander- Stendteee, which shaB prove honorable and aatafectory to all parties uatil a fiaal settlement Is attained by the two governments.3. Under the Organic act of the Congress of the United States for the establishment of the territorial govern- ment of Washington, the first Legislative Assembly a 1864. passed an act iacludtag the isnud of Saa Juaa as athe soul of toe meeting. CIeastat Casapbell waa to the armed the lazaaroni, and haabought their fidelity by pro-among the most (sVidne a gentleman's eye the steel violet cloak and roie waschar. They are octh good men and good officers, bat it is the part of the presiding officers oa such an occasion to make the pleasant remarks, and draw eat the speakerspUIsge of Naples should the citi- miaing them the sack and ptlls not aware that certain orders have been ssas ITSIi. Bathe iaact aware1 of the great EmperoriWho among you, invoking thetoilets of the younger tadof whom waa Maa Prestonpanoply which supportedsomething too intrusive; buttriumphant attributes thatof fashion. When, oh when. owever, will the fairest portion of creation be more content with nature's ownbtoaa. BethoughtftttureageswooUsay theywere tne having any interest In adirect mail service betwem retardshisadvancemeenttaha profession. TheCaptain theoccasion. Fromthemomentthisbrilliantcortegequit-watb af a aary dagaaaaata Meaaa oftOoaiaiBBiiratoed, while the welkm rang with the vociferous cheers Ireland and the United nates.:r The company baa been haa exchanged (rota the First regiment of chasseurs, with tod the Palais Royal, till,after occupying nearly two hours the children of America pouted forth with patriotic eabadly niiaaged, and are to a Bknat" with the govern- which he served with much octet a Italy, late the Cara- it reached the portals of the Invaiides, not a single break ergy. Some of the English were thanked by the smiles ment, and, with the consent Of ill parties, a transfer has btators. stationed at Versailles. This ts a regiment of heavy occurred. not a man strayed from his appointed station, and courtesies of the ladies for their hearty participationni•••be Americans took their saanal *'b!ow oat" at the Ktog of saaatoa, In Fran.» the committee seeks, through masses who swarmed together to see this sight. I didiitted to the French naval force, which will remainit, a the event af Garibaldi occupy- from among the audience, Mr. Dallas asjaaaaaj to the for months to come to the Bay of Naples. These orders, past, did net, as it were, again see him, escorted by histhand beauty are such Did defiance to any whimtoast of ••The diplomatic budy.'' What ana a resident laajaal that bar Majcety*a govern- Ambassador make of such a toast, especially since he baawith the yiajolitaa government rpoken to it half a score of timea at toast, not onlyprodigies, dictating his laws, organizing revolution, ruling over the age by the Napoleonic idea, and feel stillmeal badthe repetition at Maaaiaa ar Haptas of such atroci -at Paiarato, aad be bad every reason to hope H a t their faaaaoataaacaa would s o t b ewithout due eflbct.Lord Fatawaata. t h e . p ^ t a l tt. re»tattoas asto the same audience, but on other festive occa- since a fire occurred in Naples. At once fifty boats, full ofhis successor on the strong basis of popular suffrage and of a national aad moderate policy."Indeed, so important a matter did it seem that the deathbed of his youngest brother should resuscitate—to ase Mr. Troplong's language the presence and memory of the great Emperea, that^f'have heard it averred on tolerably good authority that the artist's pallet was madedistorted into positive monstrosity* One would think that some ladies had set before them the formskas in faadoB. The fact la, aaab aa office, or task, becomes a thorough bore, and must be so coarSdered by every victim to the infliction. Where are our DeaMethtraeea and Ctotreaf•0: for an hear of blind old DendolotTh octogeaarJtn chief, Byzantiom s conquering foe." Really, there ia no room for aa American Association orarmed French sailors, proceeded to the shore. It waa thought that the fire waa the work of the laxsaroai,who Wished to plunder. If so they were to be attacked at beeeend driven away. Upon hading it was discovered that the fire waa a a accidental one, aad tnat no danger waa apprehended; an the French sailors, after remaining until all waa quiet to the city, returned to their vessels.of some gigantic extinguisher as the a* pint part of Whatcom county thai ait was duly submitted totafeythespeeal committee of the subject of tfee Club in Londaa. It drags, aad always will drag Theyhead, and you have the belle} or bell, of 1&90.Dancing commenced between three and four o'clock. It was a little warm for such exercise, but young peopleof tba bifl repeal 'af afea paper duty b y tba Bocaeaf Lore* (which we have already published), acd pro-ceeded to apeak, upon the subject. Be entered a mild pro-test against the action of the Lortta, aad aaaerted therigbta af baa OBBBSBBBS :a aaatteri abet lag taxation, attfee sametaa be ana not prepared ta a d o what bad beendaaa, and be ooaaaalled tfee Boose a> adept a pettey of ble. F*.r criticism, tbeagh, dees far mare good than tn- Last Tuesday the Parisians witnessed a meat solemn, aaaaerathaa, aadaot at this jenctur* to throw itaelf into aiscruuisate p&mng. The jaaassaj individuals of tfee grand and Imposing ceremony—the obsequies of Princedireaantaa^auaaaniaaaaViaucroaadawitfe tba appar or uanaieat Aaaeriaaaa in Lead serves, sad have aadertakea athis as his last resting place It haa ever been the desire of the Emperor Napoleon UL that b is great uncle's ashesparticular view of tba spectator, the aspect Paris present-ed waa either festive or aapreaaively solemn. I am deprive theneeIves of an effective weapon. In France, aaaf tba prtv-ieges of tba BBBBBSBBTCommons, a BBBStwm by a speech differing aaseat »Uy a taaa from that SBsrrcpad by Lord fahaara.tea. Be taunted tfee oppoaittoa wish neglect of duty ia deciatag to oppose the government, aadand dose no especial bans. I will aaaae one direct cir- of French royalty, and it bad been determined thatcumstance that will illustrate m y remarks. Oa one oc- Prince Jeromes body should be interred there, bat the casion a per**, who a a aaturalrjed citiaoa af the Un: will expressly appealed against, aad the Emperor at onceafraid to m y own m a d its appearance was simply sugges- tive of a holiday.The lyiag ia state, which had attracted upwards of three hundred thoiiasail persons something like a fourth of the whole population- had whetted the popular appe- tite for the crowning ceremony, aad mere than half the inhabitants must have been present to witness the con- veyance of the remains of the brother of Napoleon to the Hotel des Invaiides.And it was really a magnificent and most imposing spectacle, aad very characteristic of the pccular genius ef a people so adapted for striking or pictorial demonstra- tions.is well known, the maternal i and except in the dance the i" ther's aide. There is more I rent ly much less than inia never relaxed, tor never quits her mo- ty ia England, bat appa-doubtless do some good, m aiding worthy Americans, b u tRussia- Prussia aid France have, I am assured, advisedSardinian© accept the proffered alliance of Naples. A use of to secure it. I was myself struck with some such congress or osaaarwhaa of tfee great Powers will soon takeplace here to settle the troubles between France and Swit- suspicion when I viewed the body.quite as much might beinow as much might be dona by inj^vidualeflbrta. 1The General commanding will inform the Governor of Washington Territory that you are directed to commun.-the Haaais always baa a g-nd ward far the daaa- slaatoalaaiTbviiial adbrts were oiade w ad|ouiu the debarJ andto aaaaad tfee reaoJatiaaB. But ooa|y all the reaolutioni been made of all the 'interest, right, title and mail con- cavalry, that waa not sent to Italy owing to the natare' not a carriage advanced upon or droppou short of its pre- in the scene "Oh," said one pf them in my hearing, witha 1Dbasa ffenVtett, a a Baaaaaattaa a ta a French ladyaad affiliated to a Belgian Theeach beginning with "Utile did I think whenthis magniflcent hall," OT'Tiaetssiiisaiiil a s I am to pub Be speaking,' etcetera, till the eveaiag waa wound up by aa amount of uproarious torn footery anything hat calculated to impress the large crowd of French and Ger man waiters with the wtedom aad enlighteameat of the "stripes and stars."But an tbia fouad a happy COBtrast oa the present oc casion. Inaspot called toe PercdV FtiKm,which,in Louis Philippe's time, formed a portion of the royal da mesne, near Nenilly, surrounded by loftylawns and thick ahrafehertea, p magnificent marqoee erected,attheendOfwtmttoa waa to prevail to aba Jaaa, ea the gyaaad that it be Wag** J" the fatted States-, bat the • SSBSl iaataUaance hat reached Washagtoa that each orders had beenTh)palace Famfili, in the piaxat Movaaa, ia Rome,fantha'*Ih»silusOommit^e.'s moreoftherampantbarbarismeftaaathanthataState,toathandofaraato. Tba vast ash**, the seer of stained cloth,and ao forth; magnificently"of*lfe1'tontcomprisea a covered witato||aThe ofiVtol carrerposrttoBse, made tn a late debate, has tost 1tract to ABeB's Canadian line. The ships aad "plant' of of the ground over which the French and PiedHDQtsse scribed po.-itkm. Haasemen and footmen and artillery visible emotion, -'Whatever n a y be said or done, there athe Galway eomptay have not been taken, but they are chased the Austrian Eagle—swamps and n;e plananot a child in America that, <ioes not .»ve with all h a heart the old, old country, the land of his fathers, the proud progenitors of hia race!'fe On, of London, with ::at>:Mt:js estimatad at £140,000 a year (1700,000) for a weekly service,tod. bBsrta ware baiag aaade to avert forced sties, which can be carried oa by screw ah Banal n. And inclined to doubt the accuracy of this statement, as suchI will contrast with t h a order the following passage taken from a letter addressed by General Scott to dover nor Douglas on toe 9th November last.—ifeey save pan! £300,000 (01,000.000) for the con- a suit would most probably not be allowed by the govern- and thereby avert any extravagant depraeiattoa in tbf tract, vuihcut taking one single ship, piece of ment. Prince Jerome was in the receipt of oae millionSroperty, or liability. What the (Galway) Atlantic of francs a year from the State. The Emperor wanes oyal Maij Steam Yavigation Co. will do remains to be that this sum should be allowed to Prince Napoleon, whothis a time. There was no other speaking. Mr. Cobden too; the eagle standard that had floated over the world ail was, of course, one of the hoes of the evening, andva^ieofhldaB and !eatber. The London JSraM belteveabhrouded a crape; the reversed arms and other tokens of charmed all by the cordial and flattering eulogies be"In the same spirit I bad earner determined to astru.-t our commanding officer on the aland to allow no person cla *ag to be a functionary of Washington Territory to interfere with any British subject resit'ag or hepnec.ng to be on the same aland whilst it shall remain a dispute between our respective governments. 'TothapassageIwill add aa extract from Usecriers given by General Soott to the United Slates officer :om- uanding on San Juan, aad communios'ad a tha same let- ter by General Scott to Governor Douglas —••The General-in-Chief wishes to be remembered that the sovereignty of the Island (San Joan) a still a dispute between the two government*, aad until definitely set- tled by them that British subjects have equal rigtts with American citizens on the Island. 'It will no doabt be ta your recollection that a cepy oi the letter to ieneral Douglas, wstah I have qootod, was appended to the instructions given by General Scott toasoldier'8grave;and. atost touching of all, the solemn passed upon tne people of the United States. Prince that Us. to Ma. ia tba pound n a y be obtauasd all round seen. Undoubtedly they will wind np—go into liquida- will succeed bis lather aa President of the Senate aad dirgeful strain to which this exhaustions tide of men kept Poiignac, by his own desire, was introduced to him bypocketed a awe, as shown by their balnea sheet, of at least £128,000 (urnvers illy believed to bear greater), a id they have no subsidy. Whan I speak of the manage- ment, that baa nothing to do with Mr. Lever, aaPAKIS, July 6,186u. P%*Ly'uuj in State pi''Prince Je,omt Bonaparte—AppearwtFt of tkt Patois Royal •Tha Crwcd—Tha t'imeral—Th* P'-«M-««-taaffewe/ Fnmck Mmmnmut at (be cb*wd Palme*—Th»Cm-to ;he mall contract made by Lord Derby's governmentawrar A w * • jfea «*» fawn to Ifwfcft Their ArHam Mt with the Atlantic Company, aad opposition being popular capital; in other words, of converting them to than the coup d'aeil it presented. The carriage of the de-Mr. Cobden talked much of the tedium, he had to gothrough in respect of the commercial treaty between the United Statea' officer oa San Juaa; that a copy of . trfa t. J. nktaa <• J*BIWaW Viiriltlin I S at' Utm KMIMIII threatened fey a very p e — M government aad Liver-arsjBrwsjaaai A saaaaa' aas * *sPsT t^^t -mm* e^""ewwpwwwr^^^^-^w' ^pr w ^ v MM^FaasjMawaawwSF pool interest, it waa shaaghl beat to com the purpose of spectacle.premise tfee matter, and, with the consent of government Of course, Prince Jerome's death waa te be no exceptionand all parties, make a transfer. It baa not yet been for-1mm n a n fw tb*e> •feiiajsftg Tto isswaealan. < ate mally ratified by the government, hut It will he without to the rata. Hto Imperial Highness being no mere, his casion served but to throw out in more brilliant relief lha be spike a terms of unqualified praise. He thought that the sovereignty of' the Island waa slid a daputepat their fstth in a "' paay a a satire of Nova:was on the left, surrounded b y lofty trees s a d beautiful gardens: sad to advance stood the newly erected Panoramic Cirque, wltn its graceful proportions, peep-sB,tefr~-toof theetab.oa wesancoT, tha Court ofaware efIt a iI4.•of the frontremains meat Be in state for three oonsecutive days, thatthemultitudemightgase,reflect,sneerorweep,asthemeadmightbe. Thepillarsand corporate bodiesofttae Thewholelineoneithersidewasguarded byaserried State, the church, the army and navy, and the veteraae rank of soldiery, with fixed bayonets. The Patois de who feare ea their bosoms tba bronze insignia of Si. f 1'Industrie, with itt crystal reef aad imposing marble,Helena, having been admitted;the previous day ^sprin-kle the brow of the deceased with holy water, on Satur-day the Psiaa Bnyal was beaeiged with a qtteue, consist- ing between groves of rhododendrons. In thePAJUB, July 5, I860.the eaessy" aad saxnaderad at iNNfc I*t<rt*t Omtrrt !m Piedmont md ITapTet-TU Sar.lt- ing of many thousands of persons prepared, if necessary; Invalided, and everywhere cupels, spire and pillarwans* waTaasVaM W n h 4% HwassT BteOat assw w.a*vw wiew an *"*"*>gfafa-aaaavUtammnMUmmet Mmuumt Victor garnimidwad (ae Xixg ofa «rder.te view—what to most of the present generationofpeoplecrowdingthebalconiesaadbareroofs,and Ailing tha broad open space which intervenes between the Industrial Palace aad the Invaiidea, and the beautiful state of the atmosphere, wonderfully tempered consider tag the month of Jul/, all tout their aid, as such acces- sories must always ad, to acrease the effect, and without a due remembrance or which the mere recital of details will not be sufficient te impress a reader with s a y ade- quate idea of that splendid scene.The mixture ef civic bodies, aad, above all, of tha clerical element, gavw the spectacle a unique character. The appearance of Prace Napoleon, aa, amid that gor- IIIIIIS n i a j iif liisasswf steel astasaoritog steeds, h e ,The consequence is. Jobbery is more rift than ever. Hetarbaace of the settlement so justly aad waely ettect- i by General Scott.Lord L yons, transmitting t h e two letters a s above u> Lord J. Russell, thus comments oa the former —WasBxawxea, June 7, ltdO.I have the honor to enclose aaseas of a tetter and a are. which have besa received by tha comma*! egof the Royal Martoesoa the totond af Saa Juaa. aptain Pickett, whs has beta ordered by Generalto relieve (- - - ptaced of toe United!General Soott.Tear lordship will perceive that the iGeneral fiaraey to Captaia Pi toatt, i " the General's direction te thaBritah detachment, a r e , toceotodbyherMajratya_Tear lordship will sat flail to obaarve, to psrtiauar,that General Harney directs Captaa Pickett to ithe civil jaratttotiea of Washtagtas Territory over San Joan, and that the Geaarai gsea a a to state that h e " A aausaed that aay stteaaae of tba fbbafe eaaaaaadar totherisfeaegthelafTtoary watt be followed by le- af hto]ef these ordere reached ass yesterday, a atbaI have toft myself littleCourt returned yesterday Fontainebleau. After*km$ Ofpmtd to on AUkmee—lIu Stout qf JlsasaaV* Ad- patiently to brave tha burnag sun or waterspouts of raa, broke the line of view. The magnificent trees, the m;aaww*^ewaw~-Jai^S! awwaw j w a f *mt Pome- for mTkt awsaaaTsaaaw ahaaasi T%»P»pe'$ s*amriBtfemt of tknr Qpumtitmi Frameu IT.J diwdnp Ac Icumaro-waa a pertstaty novel ceremony—the State's exhibition ofwith which everything in the shape ef ranged ia Pard meat b e wit-thought it a aad mistakethe first rifle at the rifle com bert's rifle monomania wai under the mask of Englishitting the Quean to ore off itton, and that Prtace Al- as much Germanisma.for other matters. TheSmtA. •*>) • * •Att atereat aaw eeatrea ia the ii aa alliance with 1 which a h a abject fear the• andaabie — *- * 'lowed the richly or- bier of h a father, was very affectag—itThe weather improves, and with it the funds are a shade firmer.About Comuant Moatesaoltas jconftect reapectiag:the with- drawalof bis renancation of his rights, I have heard b a t one opiniona—that it b only another proof of Bourbon de- geaeracy. There are fegi! who are ready to da clarethattimesaresuch everythingisfair;but,oatofeeatjfrectotedof persons four deep, waa ingeniously protracted from the Place du Palais Royal down the Faubourg-*. Hoaore, ap an open space, cleared by the recent demoiition of buildings, aad ao back again to the front oi thePalais Royal, till it aatumed all the labyrmthiaa folds of someBattfeecomfortto theexpectanbsiglu- indubitable. He might net Mm the reffeWnt, of waiting two moral had none. yeiyiiiKi-it whan this r nliaasl tea tswad itself fairly at tha of the Palace, for there the pabone sigh forla tbia instance the eweae, ormaking a abort halt at the pursued their way to St. will reaata till after u a probably running off Plombieres.ileriea, the Imperial family where It is expected they pf August—the Emperor a abort sojourn a toa we went aa well aa we could,tba iaad thaia very much slice, an /end, lied,aadtherushand harry .which ejtaijp"Britiafe. Treaty wttb Sicarsgaa.ta the House of Lords, oa tfee «th astant, Lord Wode- bouae begged to take this opportunity to toy oa theirlordships' table the copy of a treaty between her Majes- ty and thagovernSwaataf Beaderas.The Iarl of aahaesbury wafaed to know what bad be> ecene of the treaty of M«aragua, which ought to' preceded the treaty of HM . - ^ — , m^njmmnA \jn\^Mm^nt^nm1m% ftsBCvVCTOJIttrXllr laVCHsaapw b U wtoting to the three treaties, which be believedjesty s government had aitorlsHiil, ss|ttasitot at thetime a hope that m>g^ would be toft between mBfliavtVf atihaieaamiaslautsl iajataamejBBAeaaaw* I n arroarum-a.a »• _* tovaed.LordLyons bid enthe subject with Generali tneGenual Harney should the aflairs of Saa Ja«a i ranged b y fflssarai Paajfe torn af the Prmd-*L offer, aa dasl»«M wafa ate _«/ the i^mtrmmtmt *f tee lb •rresa the iasatoa I1 twwBW ^m a ^ mm ^t^ jlammtJimwam JM B M aMtt a l mBy (ienseal Case the aaat- tvCBBBBBS* who dtoatoeach boasting itaelf to be a U bite it la dmluution, should deem Thedutyofthese itaccessarytogratifythemultitudewithaspectacle;thesadordistrictofabahttaate. who ate divktod into three i air and fish of the iThefirstletter,a aueateftune,to fowf of the Adjutant General, Ptessaatas,itaaaregarding the bare possibility of which taking pace in one's owa per- most luxuriousto thechoicest wines of General Barney, to Captaia Pickett,ter from Garibald.'a owa hand, thanking the Eagliahpeopiefcrtheirsympathyaadaaiaaaaaa,andsaymgIfsuspectedandclerical.Tbackwttncationismadeaccord^sonwouldaddonemore,andbynomeansthetoast,toFrance.Thewallsof dividedintoAmericanforceatheisland.Ittoaa"as I have good reason to know, are that on ao accountmust the lazxaroni be permitted to molest the citizens ofN—pies. They must be restrained by force if necessary. Asa proof of thai will cite the following event—A few nights prouder of that France cherished by him, and replaced by ideal? Why shall the flair outlines of woman be forevern, and tor all the laudable efbrta of smerioann in- zerland, as regards the neutral boundaries of Savoy. M. Tuesday, the 3d, saving been appointed for the Mate dividual or associated—ia every foreign oountry, and aa de Tbouvenel has asserted most positively that France funeral of Prince Jerome, all the public offices wereinvestigation of all oases requiring h s attoc- ttoa. In the event of any British afreet being involved, you will notify tha officer placedone of its correspondents, I da eat wah to throw cold will Bake no cmceaskms beyond those accorded to Sait- water on any good intentions of Americans, however hum- xertaad b y Sardinia heretofore.the broad gaze, settling their aflairs wita each gallantcavalier, as. with bat in hand, be offered suit and servicesa if their mothers were ta heaven. Their cheeks neverblanched nor did their voice falter, as with diplomatic there by Admiral Baynes, to enable him to propose tome tact they neither accepted not refused the various solicita arrangement satisfactory to h a tastruettone, aa well aa tions till their general mite bad been all under the eye of those of the civil officer. L et ft b e wadaaBwaw, ta case public admiration; for many doubtless thought thattotoy ef aaaereement of these parties, that ao aeUon ia to beAmerican eaasaaBBtaa here do net reni asset tne resident HJassas Bonaparte. The Prince lies in a vault at tneequal. If :t acswers their purpose, in a social or shop keep-A general dafeata aaaced, !n the coarse of whiefe many ing potet of view, then it m a very innocent amusement, should be transferred to St. Denis, the usual burial paceaside the magnificent burnous or the rich mantelet, till each bad done its proper execution, waa unnecessarily toud ^laU-s—bcrn on the Continent af Europe—-elated la a entered that his krved relative should rest in the place public speech that he considered the naturalised citbeus be designated. The ceremonies to the Chapel of the Inva-caTMr. Cobdeu and his wife i daughter were there: Sir is fair to presume they will be adapted by Admiralof America entitled to more a a d greater consideration, both in America and out of it, than the native born Ame- rican: Ianslft by the book. That was tha exact purport of it- A native Americaa teak it op, declared that eachlidee were most imposing. The music, under the guidance of the celebrated composer Aober, waa indeed splendid, aad most suited t o t h e occasion. Prince Napoleon waa the chief mourner. It waa expected here by those who take an atereat ia Captain Bona- parte, tha eon of Jerome Bonaparte, of Balti-American as we 1 aa Eng lish Embatsy; Mr. O'Mtagher the Timet correspondent,Baynes. since the tenor of his instructioae to Capuaclosed, aad funeral services performed in the various churches of Paris and the provinces. Shutters ware gene- rally placed before tba shop windows, and many shopsHotel des Iavaiides. hi his will he specially designated were act opened throughout the day. According to tbaLU ».ef the brother ofof the great•A|.iBold*] «u tiWTT*. roc speU^tota*wXe, wtoesearstodto eachhething of t h a kiad always enee. But on the whole COBTCfi ]r*BBCC£•few of theairtune after eight o'clock, ia the Louvre Hotel, still redolentultra of beauty, so strenuous seem their efforts to pro-duce an unbroken oblique line from the point of theshoulder to the edge of the skirt. Allow a little taperingfor the neck, and place one of the fashionable hate on the ington Territory in d a discharge of your duties en 3anJuan: and the (ienerai commanding a ssttsned that any attempt of the British commander to ignore t h a right of the Territory will be followed by deplorable results out of his power to control.are never especially sensitive on the score of temperatore. Foreigners seemed struck with the independence ofthe various beautiful ladies Whose bands were so eagerlysought after. There they stood alone and unprotected in eate with the civil officer on the stand ia thetaken until the case has besa leaned to Admiral Barnes aad the Governor of Washington Territory respect- ively.These suggestions will be acceptable te tha caadikens which govern the Territorial authorities at Washington, while satisfying the obligations of the military service to their own sa well aa tba civil tows of the country, and itJoseph O'Niffe, PhysicianBasalgeue are sufficiently liberal to Justify tba eonclcsicn.Oa being aformed of this violent document, Lordamong the few English. Among the French was PrincePoitgnac. About stx o'clock the dauctag ceased ta order letter —Waasisutna, June «. 1800.I have just received from Bear Admiral Baynes, Com- mander a Chief af her Majesty's naval forces a the Pa- everything he said waa iapsroprtate to the occa- cific, a copy of the orders issued to the commaudag offi- sion and in good taste. He alluded to the assis- cer of tha United States troops a Saa Juan, by ueceral Harney, aad cenununtested by the gvaerai's direction .J the officer ta command af her M^-.-ity'* traaps a too same iaaad. I do myself the honor to enclose a copy of the orders in question, sad I earnestly beg that the United States government wid take team aasaediielyceased Prince was seen a advance, then squadrons ofthe Guides, with their white plumes tossing in the air;then a long file of nlearning coaches; then more troops,then the hearse; but these sable circumstances of the oc- money—but a 1after a penurious fashion. Of the Emperor to General Harney that.be * anaed it to be rememberedFrance and England. Ha evidently found the French very little to all their commercial potions, monstrously fond ofwas transmitted te General Harney "for hto aforamt.cn and guidance'' by Geseral Seett, to a totter beariag the same date, and tuat General Scott at the same t.aestatedgorgeous military spectacle behind, a s , like oae sheet of hto views targe and hie objects thoroughly honest. between the two governments, aad until definitely set- goldandcrimson.andplumage,itailedupthespaceas He'didnetbelievetherewastheslightestoccasionforthe tledbythem,thatBritahsubjectshadequalrigha~ithfar as the eye could reach.present alarm oa the part of existagpanicwasatto ' war class—always the stantial interest in a lavish diuoaal ship built and fitted"iwasa tMw^n^»f4«rr ilisl Bsakrs the whole world akin; aadfor the lirst time in many years is young prace must have seaaftsy felt that the hearts of the pee- with hat. Hie pronto to a fine his loag black mantle concealed tbaunwieldy proportions of his general oatline; ha appearance was really preposseBsag. He seemed un- jpreaaed, and perhaps was inwardly reflecting sa thejranity ef all human greatness: for "to this cam-sat at tost."attempt to the space of a totter to gtve aetata, be abundantly supplied with from other ratherwiththegeneraleffect.Iwfll Msatf waa in a r better taste waa prepared a England for the body of Wetington; and to those wbchad witneas- steBBwfrait, the preacatcaiUBaUal must have been a pamlul contrast. The led charger, the great bodlea of the State on foot and ba«!ieeded; the hierarchy to solemn procession, heatlag aloft the sacred._ ef the Oatfeolie Churchf the dazzling magma of the Cent fbsard; the troops of turhaaed Zouaves. "'seBMufaBadBtoBrcoc-the other head, there are they apeak of conduct to proper name. Qim Dim a very stale quotation; bat gaineayed to this instance.toglttoustt who blush asl they hesitate to ax the pardtr<t~pritu sasssBsas. b appropriateness cannot beUntitled DocumentJuan, arangeaMBte which bad been made byteaeansatotoCongress aad baa not been disapproved; it a, therefore, the law of the land. You will be obliged, oonseqaer.1 y, to acknowledge and respect the civil JUTadiction of Wash- TlSSBU.lBteg.lBBw.RBwrvaa Wraar.haa so fr to the atswr to oi, falling awtlocal taaa, falling deeoa 1 saaae atoad, andtispeete; a sfl foreiga captsato< e f ABTfi toBtiSBtt 