 Vwaitbandsofmusicthe flouiincKortuiiateiv for nim he was out in the huiliMg. andIdamongst<orce.Iv and most valuablecitizens, ibelrsigntfiIwiia'the known intent of tbe generallawgiver. Congresscountry, acquire eatstbebreadofitidependesce. Hedesiresaoebaxl*..Ierred while plowing In hl« «»M, three mfies from rOBEION I.ITBUAST IMTE)LI<IPBNCE< hroehure is to prove that for all classes below the be stated that Chrtiflaalty M part ofVV^udi.it.neartlwKtK River Brtdne tofhe»rtwitharifleb«U. Hlibroiliertn-l««r,named Sakwh, bu been exumtned aDd coraailil«<i for tlie 'Sianlcr. An o;d feud tzitted tetAerhir.em, anl te- l>f>rt«aj»11oCiATcoi»i's wife gire lier broUjv a jp«ithe »' "" most opulent rents in Paris are craakiog in t en . .,.'*7,WPlWUKIS^M'.pllst Ihe objects of theOoverzmeBt, uid is this bene«e4tomstSo»ittaSrmules, valued aiiltad !• itrsdf d fn.m ihe mouin rf theliAf^, and the Presidentcavlialto complpte II to Lawrence at anearlr <Ja<'.p'tJOu,TheyIirvbthat Ibe newlegexports of thedur- whencom-this MU becoaaea awhile the foreign-boin pouuiatlou of tuls City em- cuDsututional objection, witn greater lurce to the Ptctfic slepe. Tbe bdl makes a distlactlOB ia Za*ardrou((1itpartly, perhaps, by the bandsGba l^s'Lamb;jSrsecmtionfiom Stateslike lilinoU, Teonesaee aod Keanudtril*to murder lilm.Kair oat oneIS ana prescribed,ary se.viielaDor1*: no**- £aat, toCompany are now being disposed of.— temptlUon to vice, any systeio,Thelai), ai itmenced heielaUureTtrrltoiv. fmui theTallen to the hlli-topJ, i» pecu-liarly adopted to the growth of com. The fures-s•long tie ureama are fuM of wild fruits, inch as have thus Itot-MBtMnlra, blackberrh'S. piiiirs, &c. Some nf ih*-blackberrlea here, gronlny wlld,ar« nearly as large as]>e celebrated Law-oD. Tne Mifisourirlver Is n-i« in aseivice ofof secular paslloif s, would tend lothe btadof a fsmllv," ana to trmrflUtireufSclent alluremenU to onr yoB^In aimo;' sa bad since our last w as iw-fore The wheat harreRt has com-poison; •liutthioughI»«>4 ; AabbaihUguardedfromnearlj all ourarrangeforThere are 20,000 volumes of them, all indexed ani) arranged,aRrgint pretty extensive thetue, uoleas the thtn, of amusemems orgrate Irom them to thellie news f' om the_voute, but as g(J*d excitements are rather spasmodic of Mr. Grantouh, Strathspey. The other ie.Guy Livingstonem.Duig bu the Biue; stilltheminersaredoingwell;Scholars,"of the (fropi 16«l."tain woild.BURGET.regulutioi'She thought proper, however foreign from the oust. The inference is irreslstlale that thislane pai takes of the very- same cbaractor with the nf the and of the United Stataa." If Army Navy.any purposeceir to my mind was, that II interfered wttb tba "Arkansas and Bluewhat and are not tbey ar«.; tbeypreparedill their character, it is expected that a reaction will takeplace. Tbe snow is yet too deep for successful vailingits ill other"A» Government tor the year amlinrtlia Mth Joiib;^'*'^'^In notifying the Bouse of my approval of this bill,I deem It under the peculiar drenmsiaiices of proper,tbe case, to aiake a few explanatory obaerraliaaa ao that my course may not hereafter be mlsizndei«to>d.~v.'n<jiwiiluiand'.i,g the cold and disagreeable weather.aLO D>w (.rospectsare being obtainea by digging un-dti the st.ow, and many who are familiar with there.» litrces cf that regiou predict very profitable returnsa:* ^ooo as tbe snow baa disappeared so as to admitoi nioie general prospecting. MaLy are also turningtt.eir attention to the Snowy Ruige, which, in ac-penof Chiistlsnity to prompt the overthrow of the Sabbath, may land the Central Park converted into the centralthatIt canbasuccessfullyandprofit- aMy leaiized. is the proDiem tobe solved, and uoon this depends the future of this great but new moun-It would reiutk In popular demoralisationannexes ahowever, declaratloato ttieapproprl;Abyssinian traveler, from whom a new work isCommtasloiMra.As this noble Public Improvement approaches com-From New-Mexico. OCTBaOXS BT IHDIAKS AND MKXICAN3.— withAmericanancCniistlanconvictions itwillt>emoney paid for it, aud csn be devoted t^no objects this bad really t>een the case tbera woold bara** Two Americans weie stmt at the £1 Dorado Ho^ fte.l on Saturday evening, one of wbom died on tbe apoi, aijd tbe other expired on yesterday morning. Two Mei'cans woe also Slabbed yesterday morning one died imaediately, and tne otner is not expected 1" live, lieveral rumors are afloat incause of the deaini above stated, but as no judicial Invesugailouliasbeenhadyet,It isdifficulttoassign the tiue cause.Lytton, ^tnily. Dr. W. W. AtiDskSo5 and family, and two swers Dickensunderalgneda Question ol some moment involved In the reguiadons— Adjt., iueut. M. L Davis, Lieut. R. V. Bohhsac and BulwerIF. 8. 'WINSTON, O. E. WOOD.The first settlers ot a new country are a most meri-torious class. They brave the dangers ot savage tlon should command tbe amy. It was ImpneahlaCo'. B. L. £. BoBSXTtuc. Lieut. H. M.Wood, Uegt.Which is the most industrious writer, Dickens,adopttroops have all left, and Taoe is, consequently, at of the work. this time, without any miUiury protection. On Sat- portionof i.atrly without doing aiiy h^ivi. Mrs. Freni;h imme- . J. This bill wtU do great Injustice to the old .sol- tuUonal, tnis Is only because, in my aptoino, Coa--. ,Jm>a» Isst mere wa. quite a public excitement. In-•,-,interfere with my absolBtsaatbaa^ 'telligence was tecelttd mat a of large Bodyan Collins, she found her husband lying by the side of market value of these Ity to ortfer Capt. Miios to any other eervioeliBlabkApaches was about to attack and destroy the buildiags coining science.^great architecture, copiedreduce the warrants.•— »-•way connected with ills deatn, and hence tne con- templaied attack reported. Kii-i:ABSo:r, however, t jgetfaer with the SberilT ol TiUtt County, and a auoDg body of armed men, twenty or more in num- iitr, wentprompily to the reecue. Theowii—M»—*l»»esDistrictCourtfortbeof the Territ'jry of New.Meiico, died on Wednes-23d,«lay nomlng last He Dad been In falUn'j:regardfcOBkRT CARTEK,WoRBfcN waKTBS.TBOMsS C. L'UKKMUS, WIoLIAM WaLKEK*.. 1. fANUHtK,FBED. ti. FueTKR,DaViD HOAt>'l EY,JaBE.s W. BKtKUAN, Recording Secretary. the wilderness Into culd-Aoacheswerebastjeen recently oorrotvi^d aud addedall and no right to appoint to any office, tbls reaching back to the last war with Great Britain,ISecond Juoiciil DUflctpeople. It Is a boon;to tbetojustlfythepresentationpaper to your resPresident,and select him for tbe nf aa performancefor he writes All the Year Round, Cumpanits of the 3d InianTy, left here on yesterday wbile Bulwer has written Night and Morning, andIboming for Fort Clark vo me Pecos River, accord-b ( lo iLStiuctlous received from the Secretary of Warren Now and Then. In justice lo the latter War gentleman ourlriend should have remembered thatcalleo, cla^ preieient todefftreWe have had no Indepenlence mail since the 8th of when he was3Say, aJtbougn three trains of wagons bave arrived wrote Ten Thousand a Year.Mr. Warrenourselves of her older civilization. Infaete. Tbe road is repor'ed as free from Indians, and «ii safe that small parties, with only one wagon and two or three men, travel toe road witb perlecl secu- niy."Rowan, of Htbron, N. Y., some time since, buthAVf accomp" shed all this by their lat)or, new set- tlers ^h' u d 'jome In among them, and receive their farms at the pi Ice of twenty- five or eighteen centsAremando oe Taoa on the 30th ult., laysthese points, the convictions of our people areand Europe Is more likely to learn from ui than wearation,rt conciliation, and on the 21st, French left Poultney,youmightpioprlate duuea, beaioglnK favors aod aboiracorrespondentof the samejournal writing from :Origin offixed;the halls of Coefross farcelebrities. About £1.000 are still needed to com- ocoe t me past, but hit deatn was ao dout>t bascened plete the work.admitted that these are tne most numerous and- It Is not Improbable that another quesUoa of graro his bead, but he put one knee on a chair, tbus throw- uteJol class of our fellow-~ltlzens, aad eminently Importance may arise out of this clause. Is tbe sa-thatcated more about the victories of the SpaniardsgeraUpilve the old States of rerenn*, wlttout putLord Macanlay complainedEagtisbmeo di'ariesi.or PmalAeat BtkChuaa. Henate of tkt VniUd Btatet :InheillaBcc aw» naUdT their jajt propoitbo of tktoof South America than about the history of the fuundstion of our great In-biographytheoajtofPaiiiStdivisaot oo«ii to tne prcAent n, religious riles imojod, ordin-over theany, fte least, eom-savagesIivtd uij^appUv ti.gnber. The K»ii«a« CentrJlRiil- dian empire. This reproach is amply juatiGed son of M. d«which It oxgiLated, the bill entitled "An "Ct to se- are forbidden, so as cure homesteads to actual set lera on the p^t>Uc do-all a lisy of re.t and wo.silp, free frombbiiiliigsiwnding advantage. Wnili t If Is onr comww ciacrby tbe manner in which th»'record( of the oldtoon the Tbls bU g ves to every citizen of the ITalted Sfufes.ofbut <be crop If poor. O^u are a and these are daily sent off in waggon-loads to theancente'prlfkg citizens, wlibont any adv«sffiai5;but corn and pota'oes loot well. Thia wholepnpemiakere, to be pounded up into pulp. One hundred tons of Records, which must have castfor a gentralsacred ttme. It woaidencouragingemlgradoa.eapoefJ^bat the Kaw!>«* completed here, drawing bat eight Inches light.bittrded.to run he'ween here and Fort RUejr.lsn miles from the shallow wells of hi^ own imagination. above bere, on the Kaw, QUILL Wei.enod. Che lai;d ia set'lfr.<re atageli still low. A boat hasof the gey- er» exploration volcanoes,;proieeiedwtU««tjis*.THE PIKE'S PEAK REGION. Timet;tbemore than as many thousandlie west «f the Misdisippi, andooald nMfaUI*r»'flf.c of ilie piestDt &oveiLment pilce. During thia aippl. ^oujdjw Upon uie irabiic lands, and coaUcountry alreadypounds,ri-aily checked, and the msjestv o( law has been ^ve yeauiiiice the of pricefiiid "the lUustrated; tqi.adioDh orsubject to taie at private and which enry,cbasetheaa foronetuboftbatprice.Lamthe in followingti.veisiugtheihaninared am«sementsm«y moiiopapublic lbn< s wnhin ihelr rrspecive 1Ub1'.s "wnick'-^— iAttunoa ayermenu to give «wai ba.'f of fboteCThus, we have within an area of four or five where I shall wait for you." The servant set off sis at Venice, where he is Consul-General. Intelli- miles,thanabsy partialclosingraisedbytaxesonthepeople,eitaertoStatesorInal-An Inquiry into the fttSfffc and Cause oj Ihe Pre-The "proposalto the learned andnative of that city, bas been revived.publicwho was a promoting its desecration, or that wiU wantonly of-7b the Housetheeyeof aneedle.penny daily newspaperThe Haliamsubscript'on has reached £1,000 viotions ot ou<of Ihe Army ot the United States, wno has aopaiia- and one that would be diffi- purchased. Is it not clear that the power over the ten eo this work fi om lu commencement, oador Ibeequally,prosperity.mosynary enterprises, may boast a superior wisdom and philanthropy in dealing with pauperism, vice, ano crime, to the body of ChriSiian citizens who work and give without grudging and without boasting. But we submit that it is not for the ofthe expended accordingDisease and Present Cortdiluin the ofwords, makingsale of thelands,signedgttyyletnettl to ^\)t yeip-fioyk ^\mt0, ggfttrbog, lithe so, iec^J9^what is the of a meaningrema u ui sold aner tbe of Thu beiB of 4c«ul setUeta wdl be carried ont by eaptta*-:paragraph which hss been the rounds of the pa-Bj-the-way,lize iheo.lighitul itsuns of the Park on the Loid'sOff—MnshroomCities— pers,totheeffectthatMr.Ruskin'spamphleton Mcges'accountoftbeBaronGros' to Embassyteproremenfoftbeothertaalf. Talsea^Mt numerous. lo Ihe entry ei graduated Iaad*.th*aa-EMlBrmtian Falllnft Dllniag Pr»Bpect0» dtc. the Exhibition of the Academy will this year beilu New- York Times, by Cvrretptndence ^ wiittenjo>mentot aninchisure tney may nave pdlsands to create. Is tnls courteous or j ust? We tainkto ihem laige bodies ot such lauds from which,The immense emigration which for the last two AIccQths has awarmed the" plains acd western territo- distance between. Ruskin and Thornbury thatthe English one.l.r a /"er*—rot for arace-courae, nor for a csmp-TA?y are equal, aod ougbt to atwaysrita, baa gradually sUrktned, and matter! are aet-derstood that the great novelist has determined, tot a SabtMth—not for a day of frivolity andtllBgdcvin Into Ihe quiet, bat toiliome routine ofRuskin it a ciotcbety, cantankerous, illogical man, for the to residefuture, entirely' dissipa-presentprice ot the puDlie lands. In re-not; la mycla m u> all tbe natisss of Ibe earth thatMr.be more to annouoce that Mr. Ten-A tbe siest pottaf solne conation, but the pncelaao smtU that It Cdn e()iiallly between native aad nataraUaad cmaa^Mounraia Cirr, Idaho, Friday, June 15, I860. preposterousnyson's next poem will be written by Mr Tupper•' made for all ihe people, as the7.We ought ever to iiaeintaingreat poet ;Tupper somethingoplalan, cxnedtao ^niLing life. While many are returning, from the with the gilt of style Thornbury equally place, Gadshill.; iaan ^at his country tionvtrt the Ssboath itto a mere bgiiday, and the Cemralq-iesuon Congiest, under tbe Coosuiutiou, nas tne power toatehall tive in this covatry from a loretgadeclare bis mtcntioii to become a« ant of coonge and persereraoce, so IndlspeDsubie to succesa in mining countiies, many others are domuch belter than could reasonably be expected in a mining region lo recently dlacorered and In a con-citlou almost wholly undeveloped,llnsbrcom cities are springing up in almost everyraviDe, and log hots, mad-roofed, doorleu, uid des- titute of floors or windows, are considered of auf-Ccient importance to be called buildings, and woe to Iilra who has the dating to call these settlements any-illogical, but lest cantankerous man, without the gilt of atyle. Sensible artists will treat Mr. Thomhurj-'s dicta with neither more nor leas con- tempt than they would Mr. Ruskin's.ff<r*«*nandatity aoraa.at»c_? it would not Thornbury Surelynot. Tne P«ik wasSibbath was made for man." The one was made To u,« actual settler this bUI does not make an ab-psiloice of the Lard Offixe )iHUAea tUa otiieetiaa.sensible remark; but, after all, there is not Ihea saleAlexanderseilles, is on the point of leaving this place on hisingquartercuiiural changed.bill. » Tnisa trans-MediterraDean excursion. Thef/om Mar-reuaioi applies, as aDamas, saysletterplK, would inevitably become the sjur^euf demorali zatiou. Our criminal records shiw thatCollege Theo.lnlon then usedun-following Jast as he was leaving Paris for the rcilway, he called his ser-M. Granier de Cassagnac, the weUknowa Imperialist writer, has published a History of thebraces lesi than of on^thlrdfact is characteristic of the man.the aggregate population, the arrests for crime and disorder from amoag this c<acs have averaged about e3 per cent, for the last three yeais. leaving but 17 per cent, for the ci^mpara- tively SabDath-keeplng portlou of native-born citi- zens. Further ct&cialataclBacs shoiv that the attests fi r drunkenness ano cilme,whicn for along periodthe' " as an antidote toTake these ten louis, and run (whatpre- waatof time.Int^sethelasthoursoftnesession,toquotehe to-Ruggieri's firework inanufectory. Ask him for cal poison of Lamartine.theam for compelledvant and saidconsiders)histori-text ef coasldeiation. largely from this message:IBUDS, lockeis, serpents and Roman candles, andbring them to me at the Lyons railway station,During the niitht of the 19th of April, tir. Jahes," I the presumerestrlctlan. Sndhpenoasbb«4jSi pf: the beads o( famtlies, provided they bayo Hut. m^the well-known novelist, had an attack ofthing paraly-general proposition will be admit- ted, that Congress does not posses* ttie power toFkiba^ bat it Is. aenr-but cities.this dlsOncflon was an tteless, apaitoltheblU.UllsanarockaiLCiuded,thefolljwingcidei,com-accordingly.Afrleudwhohappenedtobepres-gencehassincereachedusthathismindishope-of outhe8.TbebillcreatesanunjustdistinctionInit persons cIsUnlBg the benefit pf the pteeaptUw lawa.-ent " What do you want those fireworks jntttclne with Meoniam City, which boafta of three inqu'ired,for ?' Why, to let them off in the Desert," an-liquor shopsday, tor a period of seven consecutive months, with a upon a different fooilng from raisedor four tramea bmlulngs, a lOg theatre, and numerous swered Dumas "caanoteniptorstoslxtj-two and ahalf cents paraoout seven taaudinl in tion, ano tnat ihe proceeds aruiug trom their sale are gives them a credit on this sum lor two yoata Haaleuis, in which aje carried on tne varijup trades, such,;youtheimagine grand new Roman Catholic daily paper in London whenfallinga single quarter.oy taxa- not subject to tie umitsUons of the Constitution, butacie,aiiA matter how- loag thoy Bay baa*-as Ehoemaklr«, taiiotiog, &c.;Central City, similarlyTne Catholv; News was tobe us title; its price a penny. The projectaand crime, ^ow, wtuie we would notf "Cts lU-auly as a vindication ol the ito'allty ;it^ Sat>bath, and would exptessly ulsclalm altcl'e them Invidious y, and to the dlspu-aijemeut of ourmanyCance cannot l>eeiicy of Sunday regulaUoni for our great Park. I' a sjstem is to be sovocsted, the Influence of whichbhbllt)e.to drawmenawsyfromtheirfark City, a sort of sut/urban a^air Nevada Liiiy, Misauuri City, and so on until you are lea to tMlieve that the native Indian has become snetropdltan, especially if there is any virtue in the lisote or iniportance of cities as designated in this-^ 'Western legion.\. Mining la t>clng piniccoted quite extensivelygiven away by i.;«n$ress, atsiitiated ;;tnen! pressthiese- _s.- own ciscrtuon, to states,the quartz piove to be half as rich as it is estimated to be in three tie the returns irom this section will convince many Herodotus.irho have coosideted'the existence of gold here as •onewliat mythicaLIt Is a fict univetsally conceded by old Callfomlans fbat gold-bearing qaaiu ia much more abundant hereeightyonly security for free in- educate their people, and to carry Into eflect any 9ins-p<r acre,i<n^lOO. Should the pieaeot ayate« undergone an operation which, it is hoped, wiU stitutlonB. and to discourage and rebuke the spirit of other measure of their domestic policy. This would remain, we shall oeHva a revenue fiom tba pabliathan in California, and of a far richerCongreat^chgoodThrre are other and tilgher views of this question which we would not ootiude, and which we need noteffect produced bj. the illumination of the great "pyramidAnat Orleans House, Twickeniiam, the seat of H. R. H. the Due D'Aumale, namely, the laying of the foundation-stone of a new library, which is des- tined for the valuable collection of books made by the late M. Cigoigne, who, at his death, left a wish that Jhethe duty came off. paperTnese statistics would leein to es- certam connection between Sunday licensetbe BO {treyent date,interesting ceremonyplace recentlymust now be abandoned.or Individ- uals, tor any purpose they may tleem expedient.Taoiv- 9. Tbe effect of this bin on the pisUle revaetie BHtextraordinary tive records to which so much attention has beenWe areCongress desifuale. That tbls fund should be dUpoied of,'rightsBient. Tbe price to all has been reduced ftomtook( Icompelledlo double this payfirst offer for the whole collection shouldxequire cousiaeiable outlayvpf capital before the c'osed with it, and the library was removed from on the Floss" received £2,000 for that work, ami homes and churches, and our juvenilesixty-two and a half cents wiin a per acre,but,aa^lufgeportiuu^ftheXaadsarequaitzleads,wtiich tie madetotheDueD'Aumale,whoinstantly Theonditis,thattheauthoressof"TheMillregulations lesDecltng the teiriioiy or oiher 'credit af otherpublle;property belongingtotneUnitedStates Tbeycontendthat,Larch Plantations in Great Britainbeing Mr. Charles M'Intosh, the author of what number of the Cornhill, is. ascribed to theraising moneythe writermay' almost be called the classical Book of the the daughter of Mr. Tbacerrat.inaGarden.Mr. Walter is not thesource of as "the Sunday profanations,great civil-of the times to estabUsh thestatement of tbe Chief Justice Is perfectly well founded. That li never was Intended theof the Times, for a Mrs. Anna Brodie is if nearly,Dialogues of Plato.A new work by Hans Christian Anderson,entitled Ttie Sand-hills Tales, is in preparation.money rarely fuunn in connection witb our great humane and elee-by tramersAmid a of great varietyas much concerned in iis, tbia bill contains an aopropiladon "-lor tbe bompto-notThe paper ia, however, divided into sixteen shares, and there are even sub.divisions of those shares. Among the names there will be founa Hogg's, Car- den's, Tite's, WooiJ's, &c., and in fact, it is a little;Thetalked of, and Kinkel, the Germanprofessor, has taken to himself a second Frau, a countrywoman of his own. The professor has given up the idea ot accepting tbe post offered toanaounced.devoted of late years, and on some of which the statefman't revelations of his premiership underauthor's relative. Sir Henry Rawlinson. has throwntain atiift.ptaer objects eivumetated in the Constitution i but be AnypreSoiptioiiwbileclaims and prospects are of little value plete. Tbe price will be 300 francs for the wholeIkemheaeiapaied to the early discoveries of tliat coun- *y-MtBf, however, are doing well, and In Russell's diet nme of the men are making from twenty to «btf dollars per day, yet thtte are many who are laaktoc hut UiUe better than day wages. On the Bob- Mi, Flske and Gregory leads some of the diit which Si mixed with tbe quartz pays as iilgh as six dollars to tteiyan, and the quaru ranges from eighty to three Itoadred dollars per cord—a cord being equal to about Sve tons in weight.the author of theLife of Etty, biog-t>^destroy this at thequality,TheEmperorof the French has been'disposed of whether beto make ibem emvrace the idea of 'giving away.' equal rights all, tbey rich or poor. Haini. The previous couslderatioiis, relating solely to the cniil Sabbath, and to the rights of Christian citi- zens, ana tbe Interests of the commuDlty under our Constitution and laws, may be expected, perhaps, to claim the assent ot the great body of citizens.authority, utterly at war with the well knownlousy ot Fecerai power which prevailed at tne fotnla-tlon of tbe Constitution. Tne natural IntODdment of levenue are serioumv Impidrod, tbls will raaaiavolumes,Rawlinson's pastblindness,lately restraints whlcQand divine enactments.uniform withhasrestore her sight.A secoad series of tbe remarkableM. de Lamartine's complete works willap- pear Paris, published by himself, in an Editionwarrants ara utiified, wittaoot oopresatoB to aay bi»>definitive, will com- unii/ue. TheyEssays and Reviews, by eminentf members of the Univer-jea- man being. In tii»«f wax.^bea all olbar annrii •pcrsonetle,prise forty volume^ of from 500 to 600 pages each; m the course of fonr years the work will be com-if paid in advance at the delivery of the first vol-exisytstfeorm T necessity Itume {Mcditaliona et Poitiques—wiibhold views which no public body can ignore or^^limited, but without any Ilmltatlenln respect to ^e steady but rapid strides to. tnelr presentSmadtttoa of >Religieuses ;) yearly course often volumes willfail to We allude to the fact that the letpect. nearlyentire Christian community, Protestant and Catholic,powers carefully"ivTbe people of tbe United States ha^rk^dvaii^cd wMk.otherwisecost 80 francs.martine's portrait with his autograph.everyEvery subscriber will receive La-andtheirprogressbythefixed principleof tbato accept of a copy. of the tranalation recently—some Ao churchThe tiue of the words Is al meaningways to be ascer-agrarian sentiment has ever prevailed aoioaC tbaiB. 1 be honest poor man, by frugality and indostar, ea^made Mr. J. H. of selections from histheby indefati-ahimself and family, and In dotiig this ha feats tbat bacordance with its name, is almostereJ with snow, yet ihe prospects and yields so far aspiusecutec are veiy favoiapie.\ In act Itis reasonable to.suppose,fromreceatdiBcov-eiles, that ihe resources of this mining country are yetccmpaiatively unceveloped, and that tne next fourlucntns wilt biing tonboiscuveriesthat will plac-- thePike'a Peak gold mines among&t the great gold-pro- been made at Liverpool. A papyjus, brought from Gentleman, is engaged on a new work intended, t'te ba^ls soo support ot law and good government, ducing countjies, and judging from tne events of the Thebes by Kev. Henry Stobart, and now in Mr.pji»i lew weeks, the reproacnlul character given to Mayer's Museum of Antiquities, was found to con-this seiTtioQ by a horde of dlsippoiated adventurers tain the inihof last year will be fully redeemed, and as soon as an stematic plan of quartz minmg can be estabiistied, the Greek Uncial character, which gives a new ready.WHO Uie proper machinery (or the purpose pit in op-eration, the leiurns of gold trom here wiii form hojne- n portion of the gold prouucts of tbe world.power not onlyhirguageof the Chief Justice, (p. 437) 'And the Water-Works is hereby abofisned, and Its doUea abaitcontinuallycov-in which there is child, as rumor some time since asserted.with Miss Muloch, the authoress of John Halifax,hereafter be the Cbiel dischargerd byjoint-stock company,no Roths-Scully,Englnear of tt» Washington Aqueduct." To this appropclstloB fork wise and t>eLehclal object I tiave not tbe leaat o'dee-Aliterarydiscovery of someimportancehas^grieveot the very class In society whose religion itself Is—power over movable or pe^onal property tbat Is, the^ apprornatiun was made of 4800,000, on toe ISib Juaa.Journalism, and a GeneralBibliography ofJour-chapterPainters,the is complete work, nearlyof St. Matthew written inwhich wikThe High Church Party are, it is said, aboutto und- rmlne or overtlirow our social and political f.biic.The questlonjis still clearer in regard to the pub-lic lands in the States and Territories within theLouisiana and Florida purchases. Tnese lands werepaid for out of the p iblic Treasur) from money raiseaby taxation. Now, If Congress had no power to ap- Dovtar C MiiGs, a Captain in the corpaol Fajtbeal* propriste the money ^th which these lands wereversion of the lonj-nusunderstood part of the 24th verse, relating to the passage of a camel throughInasmuch, then, as the introduction of a system of Sunday divej:>ions In the Central Park, after the European model, would oe a dangerous innovation oil tbe immemo'ial u:>ages and the Ineradicable conTne Capt. Mxias, to wbom tbe bill ref<n,ls llamt-Web-directea lalrar, perseverance and a more ftor-ougn knowledge of ihe nature and resources of theseibines. cannot lati lo nrlng results that will astonishevtii the moit sanguine of this gold-seeking com-Uiuniry. Tbat there is plenty of gold here is an es- to be listened to on this subject than Dr. Beke, the Letter fram tbe Sabbath Committee to the Itbiisbed factcountry,Recent Geographical explorations aad dis- coveries have resuscitated the old interest in the sources of the Nile. Few men have a better rightit lands is limited ? Tbe mere conversion ofannounced, to be entitled ;Ailc, being a General Survey of the Basin of pletion. It must be a matter of anxious inquiry withCapLTne first aspect in athlch this claase preaaaled It-that Rirer and its Head Streams, with the His- tory of Nilotic Discovery:the Commiasloners and theCambrian British of EUsThe Sources of theinto laud, might glvu the land away, or devote It toWhat How Mr. George Borrow, of Bible in Spain, shall 1st paramount objects as a means of health andlight ol the President to be Commaoder-tn-Cbiefan untold olessir g to the city, and an abiding monu- The Santa Pe of the Missouri Lavengro, &c. notoriety, has not t>een heard of diversion t>e accomplished, consistently with thetilgh' Imf nt of the Utierality and fidehty of its founders anddifferent from those to which the money could havebeen oevoteo. II this were not the case, then, the been end to tne question. Cponbyof a new Tei from a Govern- purchaee rltory foreignment out of the public treasure. Congress could en- large their own powers, and sporopriate the pro- ceeosof the sales of tne lands thus purchased, at their own tllscretlon, to jtber and tar dlferent objects from what they could have applied the purcnasefurther aTa»correspondent tiefublitmt, writes on tbe 4th as fallowsthat C e— flSl^rmany years he has had something like twenty the In this tuelr relation toof the President to tba mad. t^mmand anay.works, chiefly the fruits of his immense philologi- cal knowledge, ready for publication. We are:happybyof pectedBoard.of this., >to see an announcement of a new workof the Park, now underwould couslderatlon, appearBA&iR. £. L BEADLH;. U D.t.ATH»jv bISbOP,». WILUaM. HOOTH,jHORACE BOLDEN, Ij.-JO. K. PAB80.-S, IGUdTAV bUHWAB,,Mr. Borrow, TAc Bard SleepingWM. A. SMITH. iWiLLUM TBUBLOW,or Visions the World, Death and Hell, tranalated from the" in its;munev which had been raised by taxationexecuuve duty, tbey might, upoD 010 saoM pclaeipla,..aiinex lo an to on a war a eoMt- ap).roprlatiun carryWyn.A facetious correspondent sends us a query with no American precedent willtion lequlring it not to oeused for defenae of Ibe the;convictions of the American public.merely writing novels,M. fiugine Hatin has just published the concluding installment of his work, the Politicalthey did not live happily together, and Mrs. French fotmdall pioper subordination, and liow dsaaoralistna itaa^andwith an Historical Introduction on theLiterary History oJshe has resisted for a repeated importunitiesbenefits with the new tettlers their lands (or anew. "If comoarattvolythen b« Instead of tbelr found. performlagl'J>e peculiar species oftalents, is leceiving a new^ cult vator in th« pur.to whichM. CapAfigoe has recently devoted hii time and day. WbUe to sotchc mode of S.boah observanceLeacure.^ipm whese pen a Pa>iopublisher annonrcet a.yvork on Mistresses of the clftuinance aidStates have become ^o pnnpctoasMtname of Louis XV. 't predecessor is much belied.iefrc«hmeni», Involving the a'teLdauts. and Inductng to me enjoyment"wt.oisof icitlgi. cirib lesiomg in tfie co.uniry, wt» has iie- elared nis InieutluB to tHt»>D<e a' citizen taough htfnoimy txthebeanofafamily,theprivilegeofap-prvprlailr,g ii' hlauell one nunured and sixty acres of Giivernmcnt laao, of setillng and residing upo> It forpiesents InWest. Tbat land of robIjo-y i Abeen cattedfor th'e fuMire historian of India. him at Geneva, and chaoses to.residc in England.;ai,o should bis residetce cou'inue aotliproperty within their Ualts. Aa iLCivirnaim Sutesthos sitaaled would not nay ittii away. Well, is,UieesHf uf Ibis he shall thru leceive a pencd,perhaps, gr>odThe existence of such a body of authentic docu-ments would bave ob'iged him. to dive deep iarothe sea ot oricinal research, instead of drawing, sers and glsciers ot Iceland,aeaiurab.y lestored,3. Apy other pi Icclple -would be unjus: to a verypateot fair value (or landon tbe^ayment of twenty -five cents per acre, or one he iiben, by crosslni the ^jsal*-approBChitig uiarriageot revofttionaryour laws, arfl aSord theoffer cf free farms w ooU probablr bsn •I**Tb(-re is preparing far puttlication the resultsIbige ai.d Irfluenualof citizens andequal rights to all citl-of a Summer'spirtlon »ri,«, thus sou luisterfdtax-pa)-trom all the debts of Gn TeeblI>alsocontsif)iace«sloB to the States of alloatali It farm price. 1almoet witnont ntoney aadCharles 8. Forbes, R. N. Unless we ate miataken, Capi. Foi^B wcole a pleasant book some years ago, de-scriptive of tbe West Coast of Africa.An authorized translation of the de Blarquiszeiswouldbelecured. ToM.kt^alChina and Japan, ia shortly to be publi:>hed. Theoriginal has been popular in France. It will bo " interesting to compare the French account wiihithou-pacu- absorbed by prlrateA House largescsicetycentsuntil theabout etghteen cents per acre, or one seventh of theunqualified gift. 1. Tola state of lacis rallies tne whetaerin Tavistock-square announces that Tavistock House is to be let. This ia Mr.meeting—tor Sunoav sports, nor for egulailons. In accord^ce with our lawsIt was m«denotnliwUy twenty-five end of lr*e years,-!! is. In fact, reduced tobeforetbelaws. OurlawswirieoaiereasonableTennyson aad. Tupper. Tenny- Charles Dickens' London residence, and it is un- and Insiltuuons. So of tne SAbbaihshoias, end their tigbtswlll ever botnese aie the scnttmeBta os whicli I bay* •etafthere is betweensonis a is ofadolt.IA statementshows an increase to tbe extent ofMonxtew francsbeiug a gross depaituie' from Amencnn and Ch Istiaujiveawaytne eitherto Slatesor pubUc lands,cetveafaraofosetmadredin the value of Frenchoi present year,onlytei ds to allhave numerons actual settlera from fttolna, ««j Mbar eatlern aaUoiiS, etjuyiny lis beneAlroBthe firstpaied witb that of 18(9.Feoruary, 185i»; returning the Axrl-Girondins andofthe Massacresof September,published bythe 200,000Indi- opinion in my message to the House of Representa-lessly deranged.There was a project on foot for bringing out avliiusl*.But It is contended th it the public lands are placedWhlist It reducesMr. Disraeli's irate military antagonist, Col. Rathbone, formerly of the Press, is about to return to the charge by the publication of a new pamphlet, to be entitled Disraeli and the Unknown Envoy a Letter to Lord Palmerston.to imoilgrant population, which embraces verym nr rs can realize, together mth the want of mills Paris to Twickenham. Some idea of theand in a few weeks the value of the quartz ailnes 000, at which price it was bought by his Royal teresting contribution to the biography of Henri sutttd toobll'erate all thought Of God,—ills easy to tbe belief that tne trfmers of the Constitution,'' alterthat contingent interests in future editions will ioi cruaiung the quartt, the times are hard, and ance attached to M. Cigoigne's collection may be amount altogether to £5,000—not bad pay, if true. m ney tcarce. Mujs are, however, ariiting dally, gathered from the fact that it was valued at £15,- Prince Galilzin bas edited an in-DL'w opened will be thoroughlT tested, and the future ofthiscountrymademanliest. Mawdiacoveriesare be'ng mace doiiy, aLd from the reports &om the dif- ferent districts, theie is reason to hope that the mls- fortunee of last year, consequent upon a superficial «jid inougbUeJfS^examinatlon of the resources of xunes, wul be countei balanced by a profitable return to thoee whose peiseierance entitles them to a rieb lewaid.It Is estimated that at least fifty mQes wUl be inopeiaiiun ntre t>elore the lat of Septemtwr, ana ahoold such novel and interestuig light. The work willlessness and demoralizition so nfe alreadythe.exinlng lawa. actual setUeca ba*» the uteresta of tbe Ciorana-Highness, and ittion to the Duke's ownQuatre, a volume of 450 pages, consisting of let- ters of that monarch never before published.see thit it must stimulate the very elements of law-Anewworlc of Herodotus, Rev.givethat uoltmttod body..admirable land The system.'now forms a most valuable addi-hating limited tne powers of Congress to certain, pieoi&e and specific objects, mtended,oy employingDelientaA fl.uOO.OOO will be oenved from this source.<0. This bill lays tbe ax at the root of our preaaotlibrary.the mostrecentamoag us. Could a community tnat onttae Sunday close theirbyGeorge Rawlinson,translatorpublic land Is an Is- heiitaice of vast value to ns and to our deeoaaoaats.is ination. It will be entitled The Five Great Hon-suspenocet-s. with any consisiency assume tbe prerogative of dlepciislng on the public grounds and at the commonIndeed, to have createdthe one bv taxation, (»)nfined to ihe execution of the enumerateo powers deleaated to and the''archies of the Ancient WorldAssyria, Babylonia, Media and Persia. The sources of information are those na-import-education. purposesIt wiuid require c!e « and strong evidence to induceprepar-twopence) and the 9pectaior, both edited by Mr. Thornton Hunt, are tinderstood to have becomethe property of thestrange anomaly.two funds,I* Is a resource to which we can resortdifficulrr and danger. It has bean muaged herato-;"cost all fucrnilks anding of that same day in whose honor they bude Jus- ticeshuthergatesandstiUheroraclest WewouldCongress,other fiom the public lands, apillcsble to all sub- jects, foieign aid domestic, which adghtnamely, Chaldsea,French Government."The thiid volume of Mr. Gbizot's Memoirs isenticements for tbe discredit-fure with the treatest wisdom, underAugustineatiniated the revenue from the public leads br tM next fiscal year at t4,0IiO.0U0, on the presumpttoa tbatsity of Oxford and Cambridge, is said to be in pre- paration.Mr.Gilchrist,thegreat painter, has nearly completed,a raphy of that remarkable artist and poet, William Blake.There is in preparation a popular work, to beentitled Tfie Life, and Travels the Writings ofpleased Baron Humboldt. X|ie author is Mr. Geo. Barclay.wouldbethat,astheeonsUtuiionconfinedtq well-defined specific powers, tbe funds placed attheircommand,whetherinlandormoney,8h(>uld appropriated to tbe performance of the dutle*'corres • ponding'Withthese powers. If not, a Government has been created with all its othertatact. Itmaybecomet&etiest^aectultyfarprtMs-loana hereafter, In times of aaa aa difficulty daager,khaslwenheretofore. Why^ooldwelaoalrorpresem moment? Wbatby Simpson,Majesty's writings, entitled Napoleon III. on Eng-land, and to condpUment the Author on tbe felicityofbistranslation. Permissionatthesametimehas been given to Mr. Simpson to translate the en-tire writings of the Emperor, and the English vateersman One Hundred Years Ago.In of our any partcompataaea farA new work is announcedgable Mrs. Ellis, on a congenial themeance to the Bible apDolntment, "With these theones public men or bodies have nou-tained by the t ubject to which tney are and applied,on Wives ; or Sketches of Married Mr. Bohn's May contributionsthis country—to pervert public grounds and publicfunds to the inauguration and support of a system Inthe United States, to 'dispose of their public lands, and 1 think I may venture to assert witb confidence, that no case can be found in wlilch a trustee In the position of Congress has been authorized toty, either from the Govemmeot or froni,.hlsThis bill, whlt^ proposes to give him -land al aa al-approachingthe eminentsubmit thatwitha vie «'to tne preservation of the not to pay the debts of the United$tpar lands, and the claims ol aetaal settle ra bave been secured by our lava.tbe Citizen King.Mrs. Gore, the novelist, who f«r some timewith refeieiice to Infinitely nlgber claims of public duty, the Commistlouers should scrupulously andpciee af lawlessnesswhichwouldevadeordefybothhuman betocenteruponCongressavastand landsof$10;6QO,OCOperasnum,whentbebooatylaatJrrespoiisiblehas been afflicted withto hiitrated Library is Capt Marryatt's stirring Pri-nirfghbofffcMr. Lawrence'sing its appearance in a French translation in the: rights tneyWASBHtOn)!!, JuBe22,columns of the Parisjournal.Presse.claim thatbe robbed ofreguiauons shall be made for" Thesketcnof Littlereiialous uses and tientfits. An intidei press, wnose recent pecuniary Interests conspire with its ojpasiUon toorready said, was the main object of the cession,the States.) and which is the first thing pronded ror in the article.' It is tmnecessary to relet to the tits-There is in. tbe press a second volume of Dr only great proprietor Whewell'a translation for English readers of theIzer," in contrast with, and to thethe Christian church and Its Institutlt: ns. Tne men wbose names and and inHuence aretorythatthisby Capt.SLjieay ban.s fill the air ol the Ramble wlii, airatr^ ot trustc ; tiatjollv psrUesmay be Lakuiumlmic6. Tt^-ii hill will open one vast fieldMen wUlsot pay tl 2S lor landsfor apeoolailaa.:to dobut nave to do with the fact. And theyRuskIn isoring coaiemot oo wariant of a nigh ex.mp;eIn ptcgitts, bt xhlcfc crime and nave been pauperismaid. The powerinl effect Inbooks, Ac,Chapters Lije.IngLato erect, at Exeter, a monument day. ano that uoA.ppropriatioa Bill. of RepresenMmnves :judicious Hooekr,": * disposingeoumeratkin of powers by that ofand other In the case of Scully vs. Ingram, M. P., theit. Congress has the territory, but of the "other pro[>erty of the United States.' In thesamp power of making needful roles respecting the territory Is in precisely the same language applied to toe other property of the United States, associating the p'ower over the territory, in this respect, wltu thearbitrator has awarded a verdict for £2,000 damages.'managers one of the grandest and most beneficent of our pubUc works to lend either their corporate example or Influ- ence in support of such views, nor to the wholefor the young.The Filth Volume of Mr. Buskin's Modernsnips, arms or mtinulonn of war wmch then belonged the vices and evils which alHlci society ana threaten 4n ccmmon to the Slate sovereignties.'Itidfi, "/or Ike completion of tkt WasMxngton Afwutmcl^ * this wuuid have been sufficient for the.piirpo*e. It ts now discovered, however, tbat It will require half a million more "/sr the completion' of tke Wadttmgttm Aipuduct,'* and tnls ought lo oe granted.to start ain London.ova cbntkaij fakk.genius of our laws and institutious as it would be ;;this money into land could not confer upon CAngressnew power over the dlsoosltion of land which theyhad not possessed over monvy. If it could, then atrustee, changing the character ol the fund In- byfonu no oifficolty could have arisen nt>en it.thougoful public shall be its Influence on the public morals tin literature since for Its maral benefits ? Besides the Individual Interest of nanagers.Rommany Rye, although NORMAN WHITE, Chairman.impoealoleobject,pubUcSABBATH COUIUTTKIrightto order Its officers to any duty he aalgbt oeem mo^t expedient for the pubhc interaat. If tbar c uld witodraw an officer from the command of tbeIt must be presumed that the Commissioners, in shaping administration of such a trustW. F. VAN WAliKMEK,and among the actual ^etllers themselves.of Jutland,' to dispose of 'toCapt. Mugs, antf under his snperlntsndenee Pro-:Illus-O tte quartz leads have been sold as high as thirty translation will in due time be published "by author- The second and conclading volume of Lor4 ed. Christian men are reluctant to urge a question of that these words authorized such trustees to give press this noble splrltoflodepcDdeiiee. It martThere is mucb speculation in claims, and some ofAoasanddollars. ''rflTlTt""*pf'"''"'**"'Ma*.-itT,"thrnwfh-MM«house.property emment, will go far to demorallxe thetbeai^.and m9i:ey~Si.«rce, and twelve pel cent, a month is the «urrAit rate at present, and considered cheap at that.when called to account for the uponThere are in press two important contribu- River mines tions to the literature of arboriculture. One is a is very favorable, and many sire leaving for that sec new edition, enlarged, of the well-known worlc, ticn, ai.d a line of stages has been put upon the Thf Forester, by Jataes Brown, the wood-raanagr*rknow to relln- Is' the unquesUooabledisposition ofjtne property placed under his management before any juolclal tribunal, would venture to present such a plea in *hts oefence. Tne true menuln? of theseJAHES BUCHANAN. ise*.\iii!iHunnders.Otleyand Co.'sDuNDQNALo's Memoirs will be published imme- diately. The noble lord is dangerously ill.like this. have borne lony andright They patientlywith tbe Invaslon-ol usages and rights dear to them as their faith, and essenUalto the vitality and perpe-away the fund entrusted to his care. No trustee,words Is clearly stated Chief Justice in de- by .Taneyllvt ring the opinion of tbe txiurt, (19 Howard, p, 436.) He says. In retererce to this clause of the Constitu-duce among us those pemlctoua social tbeortea i have proved so disaalioas in otlier eooaales.:In the overlooked. dlscussmg lend-Uon. which declares tnat "the shall have Congresspower to dispose of, and makeUl needful rules andWeIhst., under the tale order of the War Department is the second of \ ol. IV., and comprises ' The Inasmuch as a considersble element ot our population v> rsstlon, she sgaln re'used to live with him, when "•on Tir?'ury tbe difference which the lud bavo paid gUBSUnc. s I h; e deemed it but 'a:r to lalataa Com.Conceiting milliary posts in this Terntjry. Tne Modern Press, 1789-1860," the most interesting ol European birth may counsel and claim that the French drew a pistol and discharged It at her, fortu- e the new settlers for their land. grass that, whilst 1 do not conalder the tUI aneor attg'* Cantonment was broken on the iSth nals since their Origin. The part now publbked 'rom her. U-irgwln upneed the more to dlscrlmiaate here, Y., where his wife was staying. Alter some con-justice youwill beobligedto refund out of the com-pacesb-( notctment. !j:.der theae f ir- UgTslstlveinpropria personasixty-sevenunder an aaprehension that such a measure as this WahhlDgton to any part of tbe Union ta idecease is grtjatly de-plored by nuaerous frletids. He was from St. Louis. his Arnaldo da Brescia," a historical tragedy, thehas for the last few days refuted to lake any food, In conse-and laborers.A leftar from condemned by the Court of Rome. The gi't was Conejos, about seventy mHe» North-vest of Taos, deacrlbes an eneounter which 114 Ara- graciously accepted, and the peet cuinpjimcnted offwlillst the ai^er season. It ts not probaUethat andon his having foretold the regeneration of Italy. A Sketch of the Life and Character of Sir bead of hoises, killed fifty .beep, robbed several Rohcrt Peel, by the Bfght Hon. Sir Lawrenoe Peel,Such reasons as the following wouldseem to en- Mr. Bascom. thejallor, threatened tn knock out two at once by the bounty of theGovernment. 'The work shouldthisidnceipdeendt to jhe natural or official life Of •—Indlank had with aplace oo tbe 11th ult Toev had driven ofl' about 80pahoeparty of citizens of thatcities csa- vlciislludesnot, even by emigrating to the West, take advantage tingle ufficec of the Army. This wouid be toof thepiovlsiobsof Ibis bill without entering ugpn a the work aobordinate to tne manhuuaea, and maltreaied uoprotecied women. Alarae is in This will preparation.ansDgeojentsfixpd.blm,Mrs. tj.new ft>r whleah tfaek babns (7f Mfe have the work, and to reverse our groataxlOBStic rateaitj of ciUions siarlod lu purauit of fae mirauders, of the great statesman wlNch will have o«e<lexpressto the old States of the Union lon upon tl.e tubject. should tbe questioa evaratmt only twenty of them Insucceeded overtakingtknn. as they crots^d the Rio deljust Norte. Lieuuany- thing to a member of his- family. Sir Lawrence Peel is a first eousin of the late Sit Robert P';el. and from llvl2 to 1855 eccupied the post of Chief5. This bill is many retpecuquuh tnem. Among themThe ClTilxa&SAOK or pbuidebt BccsAaAji.HENBT Jof aThe author of Tom Brown is reappear- de Boulogne or the Piater, must carry with It the she reiurieu to the nouse. In company witb a Mr. vices In fighilng the battles of their country. It will nave employed,after theas a contributor to the literature of social Sunday pastimes of Paris aud Vienna as"Thomas Barrister," Hughes,error as to Insist that our churchfrom the old world, must draw witn It thethe ritual of the c.nlheorals a ter wtilcn It is mod- eled. We are more likely to take our precedents Inhis wagon, dead. Having failed to take the life of Sreatly tbelr maiket value bas sunk for one hundred deem expedient. My perfect right atfll lefigures as the author of An Acctmnt of the Lock-out of Engineers, 1851-2, in courselibied soiDe days before, and his•Wclnliv of the Fort. Tnls led to suspicions ou the of publication. It was prepared, at the request this, as lu otker matters, trom the EuroueanIrcadycents wl.hatandlng tbe -clause, to tend hia per acre,pcsing the Fort, (Burgwln.) and murder four men in charge of the vacated quarters. An Indian had beencreed orhis wi'e. he had shot hunself.the fanners of the State, theand acre warrants to sixtyfred TennysospMr. Longfellow, and other literaryThe naU to which the end of the cord was attached was not higher thanexclusivelymoreai \as Imi iyuig that any Comraisslor^er ecterialns L'.ifTer-bvseveie eipomre, in crossing the Ooha mountains, The greatest living tra^cal poet of Italy, Ing views—that, wtillearcond clerk who has fallen aire within the p.si few months. Mr. Clabk was ayears old,would legislation which operateto the or em- lajurythesuperlntendehce of Capt Maiosftlon which shall receive serious oonsldoratloaDiost excellent and his man,renoe. He presented his Majesty with a copy ci 'Penny,a ooted swindler,vioam to such exp^s-lately recBJved bytheKingofS&rdiniaat Flo-*•- T*ie meahanlc who emlirates to the cause upon its decision may tlepend wbe<ber tbe.,,.-^healtti forIilsiesptctfuJly suggestfi—carrnt, tiiuifullyJaqms went over tBn river to have a talk witn the•avates, bmt no taraisr did thev see him approacBttan they charged upon him wi»i lances. He raa forihe river bank, and tao partv on the other side coeckedtheadvtneaof tbe Indians b- firing at tb««n witn 'hairTiflee, killing two of them. Tne Americans then hal'- resnecting the recent improvement and embel- liito ile'friji)'''av siausemeiits of •O for Ike rest of tiielr party to come up. Wnea tniy lishment of Parts, there is something startling inthe D-dteaa had flad la creat haste, leaving oehiad known journalist and litterateur, Ale«ar.dro. Tryexists. Their lat» Iha eoauBon Tteasotyiit aeooai-thCB about twenty hottei.ltoNew YJustice of the Supreme Court ol Calcutta.aI.ot^er sUil jrcnid like tbeprizs-rloglady Eugene Pi-pe,be the first biographynumberfouiiuinggreat Park,style the Bois d atelyran to a iielgtit>or's and^eve the alarm. When diers who have received land wariants for their, ser- gietrdld not Intend, by tne lasgoaga wbleb *er1Afisr all that has been said and written clfaSB ti>e gsniMing-lab e. tbe fcnt'Jiie ttber. and tae thicnbie ngper ? All these, and many otaerf, eater Eciopean pl^asure- N*. bere uaa lae line be crawn, ifthe oarscf a colfee-ssloAi lb New.Orlesnt. committed ^ulcidu eu the ^Oth, Intne^ssU vrbeie he was confinec. by taking poison-destroyed by waa t^tuoed toIt ts a ct-mmon belief, within their limits, that theo'der b'ates of the Confederacy do not deilve theirproporttonaSe becefU from the public lands. Tbl« isnut a joat opinion. It Is dcmbt'ul wheihrr they couldbe rendered more bfaeficial to tnese States under aay office of a letter contelnlsg ti^. Be. »oeees<e< lawere reiaforced they crossed the rtver, out found th it the title of the latest lucubration of tbe wM- g'Oi.nd0. aieopceletcfiwnfTwas tne I3ls, &sd a negto prifonersturduy reslsttip^than France, where tne Engl;sh spurt.albo C' mmisslons Dr. Andrew McFarland tottcu^ar Ssbbsth^rangemeotsConsna , lapmaK'tfA upon the varloOl casnaltlaa »'*'should be suco as neither to md n» oomift ihe public conecisnceybe can purchase a quarter section of \»^iquence of an alleged attack of.the lockjaw. When tiller ot the soil who accompanies htm obtaics a farm could have licenced ttauforce Ibis suggestion 1. lii-lves touie suchof his 'ront teeth, to allow the iBsertioo of a pipe Intoof mechasloe In our numerous body largenaU and not tha-naate•£. It Is the only piliielple consistent with tbh spirit.Weill, Paris UninhtHlablt, Xhe object of his Mid ler.er of our laWs and' Ifiititudoca. ItNaeed death.otber procoeds gotbaa that which atpresent;;anoiner will be f onlyulrfied <vithwas anecieo on a cha'ge of arstm. who was convicted of the mur-witb the excep- tion of Wisconsin and a portitm o( Ulnneeita.1600a mail rider between Eeiib.:principleof the Park, no limit c.in beSundaygivenP. Terrell, of Clyde, Ohio, tried to get rid of herhusbaxd a lew days ago by setting fire tomill where she he was at work. supposedto the poDular amutternente tnat will claim a place m the people's' pleasurc-grouad. Onethe iellow yielded.m ao Otaa-orelssi^ may tie content wlih aquatic sportsVAiietyofoccupation, rendered u.ea ur.lit." to Principles, not men." I deeir*nwyget shbotlLgbor.<e.ia«:rgor tl.e bullfight. Why withhold from yet aoutner,;oontrob thehis way of which food should be mouth, by;Wood,part of bis tribe that the men referred to were in some of the Committee on "Trade Societies, for the whose language and institutions harmonize wlib our cultural societies, and owners, officers and agents of sion of a quartersecilon ol land, aud not pay for It alt has been alleged, lUUnk without soaaiartaMb,body deposited in theagri- mand when any head of a family may take piiate duty. _ posses-National Association for the Promotion of Social Sr-ience.that this clause is unconstimUaaal, hiiOThree thousand pounds have been collected- chiefly from men of letters and fheir friends, inits levity ano has been orfraonmizeq tnvolity,Slid where theomamentAl grounds of the contlnescal Suiiday, In allsteamboats, rail 'oads and canals to take every pre-caunon to prevent cattle whtcn may be Infected withpntuoionla trom being brought into the State. He the interest to be affected willto appear bave been a clear questioB, bocasaa there are outstanding unsatisfied land wa'-rantsintroductloa Into her public anduniU tbe end al five years, only twenty-five cents per acre ?Tbeat tne' rate of magnitude ofanoitier aaotber will demand tar-unjustkingdom. . 'Z,the Sratt-s where the disease now exists, toUtarathano, but a'ter a loag pa'ley and much ex- aid of tlj» memorial church of George Herbert, to her iiiiiomerabie sources of Sunday diversion. We the Information possible regartimg Its nature and its even Revolutionary times, amountmg, lo round num- conJeiTed upon the Preaident and Sea ^^borKe-iaclng.p anauon on both sides, they went away, profesdoB the pOetTat Benierton. The sum includes dona- form a Park Is t e principal city ot a natlou cbarac- cure. bers to seven and a half million acres. dent that Congress Intended nothing nbn tf^Wtt10 Be entirely satiifi-d." tions from Lord Stanhope. Lord Macaulay, Deans t^rlttlcally. Chiibtiau, ana In its wtiolc h s'ortc life » Elibha T. Clakk, Esq., Clerk of the United Mllman and Trench, 8lr Bulwer Lytton, Mr. Al- Sabbatb'Observuig. Its regulations snou'.a not IgnoreThomas Evits, of New-Milford, Conn., commit- 4. This bill will prove uneqial and unjust In its op- clause {bsp to express a decided optnlgnJftM Ci^the preeent ano future conduct In harmuiiy n ith this fact. place, by hanging himself.oar confiBrTed whichbehadbeenpreviouslyaaalgnedaygbfilaatthit fuodbm^ntal tact, nor a doubt as to Its adtnfiotclars ofupon the cuIUv.tora of tte soU, Whilst it Is cheer- authority.ot histhe lale circuit of the Taij Olsirlct Couit. He is fce Giovan Batista Niccolini, now 80 was der a vigUent Police, are Hccwrded to tht; pucUc ca strangled, lie mat^e so little noise that some boys ready extended to them, yet there should be no new cot deem It properthefur the ConimlsaiOLers to proviie ior or s^nct<on t ;e popular diversl'^ns cummon to and appropriate fortheasleep in tl'e sametHKiy uponroom were not disturbed.who is conlined inadvantagesud. ing tbe Sabniifti, it would be neither coiapctent. nor \vl^weightprivljejtts ot the Pari.tnat it shall Siuadar Tola Is a qaee-Jimdl>}S of u<e week: and tliu the entire the jitl at Rochester for sotnf months,;It shall Inve my serious cantlderation,JaJIES B DCHANAN.Wafhugtob, June S6,Untitled DocumentGov.tion, catling uponted suicide onat the Poor-hoase In that eration, bscau>e, from its nature, it is confined to one Maioa thoold be contlDaed la the aOMa^MMt lethe amiableState east of theevery Misalseappl.theyshallnottheir sacrednor that the ChrlslSati Invasion By the statutes of Hiates. und es jeciaily in tbu Si.te, fromthe litaus are But to give tUr oommoosecu-e le snopuWlcsport*main ano lor other 2Ul>i iDBiani.pi pnlous. there Isno good reason ttie oldStalw sne old whyolthrow baik Indtfintely tbe leforms, «ow sucuessfallyma)tbeha»ebeenwhen tiiereaaMi- 'ou week.oays, weie so tednctdTreasury,aw tbe pi ice of tholand to exlsttea p(»-Sabbathnearly 00. per cent, more ou week days than on Sun-tablishmay be or appropii^tedThe advocates of this bill attempt to sustain theb- poslUun upon the language of the second clause ofbltbeiio eLJoyed ttte land, futureproempion will bapopulation from JSunoay Schools and domestic culture, audio siibsiltute tor all ihese humaalamg and elevating moral and eoucadonal agencies the contamination of UiOiscilminate crowds, .and the diversions tnat arefrcm that sourcethe words dl-pose of,' toThe Morning Chronicle (just reduced to CouitbOt Jus ice, and tbe service of civil pro- power over the vast puilic domain. It wouid bo aleno their convltnions as to its moral and tion welt-ki.ow]ftIt tiegins ;aud wnose intluei.ce forms the grand bulwark againstcult to limit or control:as it would contravene theequallyauihority oi the late and present tieoretary of 'War. Had ibis appropriation been maoe la tbe aaaalTUspartial and unjust toward a large class of cidzensas and as it would offend the (xmvtcdons and invade the rights of the entire Chiistlan communitv. it is claimed that the ol the Con'mifr^loters in this l>ehall shall be fuch as neitktr to offt*-d nor corrupt the public con- science. Thus aomtiiis'ered—in strict consiste- cybill. atlaa that tbe mohty is to be expended under tba aofeda-of Illinois, has issued ader of MichLiri Dcdlnger, keeperniski 309 South 4th StreetThomafnsjratciBuin 13069eorFkrsMwww.fultonhistory.comihoejail at Cariinvilla, Iil..tiunda)'make oenatlous of money already lu thedlsoaragementof,tbelr and Innovatewith tbe hand of toll, bringIn the art ol J. H. MOhRlSOM, (Cashier of Hanhaitan Bsnk,) are cubllu benefactors. Tbls hive all > f". xht work, wicbout •atemtlliMllandscape gardening and kindred matters of Treasurer. taste,political,discarded the views on the es prevailing Continent,pecially as relates to mbnarchlal institutions, churchthe Press i«- France, estabhshments, aud Sunday observaoce. Oa ad herself obliged to leave her huiband. Since the sep- per acre! Suielytheold settiers, as a clsss, are en- come a precedent lor future leglalaHoii* OOeacaor Mr. Warren ? to which he an-to mv conztracdoa of tba clause Haas astta'lapse ihlity years." piovlHi n emoraces a present oonauon to tne State ol t,hiiBilancitizensan.meirfamiliestotoe eu- |2,:22V,731£C.-es,andwiU,fromtimetotime,transferday, is to deny the rights ofpeaceful, cooscienuous, quiettor thebe avoided. Secret agreemenu of this Und will k«notsriWces—uotforone cIaSS, but tor-all clesses, wiinIt Is; Itwa*madeto be andt* kept holy ;" per-Paik Into the arena for Besides holld^ sports,,__,, viduals. On tni« question I expressed a decided ol iweaiy-tve or twenty cenU per acre, 1( b* wIttbe Utile Ie:,8 taan ligbtt and fetlliige ol the CnristtanIdea&,'would4. The Park, II conducted on the European prlncl-resile on it andcuMvate It. Th* latltailBa e>-were ah average of 29 per cebt. more oainadvenenca::mu imumgard iou.e S ate s It !> an absolute andth rou Is i^fa life, iitUpf*.an outrage ou the commanlty.religiouspjpularargumentiiablthat they averagedoff of total arreats of moneypurposepubuc property of the Park itself, as well as raise sna nor to '.Stitas,pc-rslsttntly aim to those moral anrt strengthenman can now a title In acquirefeeaaple lo a.*believe tbe Lnrd's to be a sacred Dayday. Tbey may and oo clSer as to their^fheorles of tbls ihstltu- t'on. Some trac% tne obligation for lis sacted observ->of as'the tight. If it were claimed—as.lt has nottieen in\Is A tjuf^ee under the Constitution for ibe' of peopledirect and open hoitUlty to the most sacred convic-tions ot the religious community, could not be conced-^dispose- of^ property by its owner, where It hsserer been held'im-of that faith But have is mak tuity theymeasures withbut little. If at all, on tbe prevaUmg mora BUsSELI, S. ^ 1 itlon. The old seitlers," as they are everywhere In ques ion. metely twstgnated spLgreat deliberation,wariare,sutfertbeprivationsof a frontierthai could bave had such an iBtaatli'&, aadlife, and,CUuK, Correspond ioK Secretary. " It (NEWS iTEMS.> moral and religious matters, we have Inteiligendy Henry O. French, a blacksmith, married a Misswe yield the palm to Europe, and we do well to availor -xiwer to order Blm le albar paid for their lands the Governmeut price, $1 25 tbe Pri 4ot. c oft aayICtngrees therefore, accordingproclama-mlkhltiet^me a law. What price would they com- theerectlofi of a fornfitsation or oa anya^go gather;TBB HftTeleTo IkeI with ia return, my objections, t» the SMiate,b^HeaMKBciicum»taace8, may puichiue and settlement.llainot bethe third section oi tnefourth article of the Constltu-oucuonof the price of land to acturi Mttlers tu ty-five cents per acre, wl h a credit offive years, aa4 the reouciion of its' price to extstiag ptejoiplo a laby a lair inttipietatlon of the woidsthisbeyoi|dexpensessurvey aaipurposes," presented to ni.«offer premiums lo their o«n dbzeBS to oat-oe ealied peracre,Dur,consldermgtnisIsButtot>e paidreaaaia oa^ foreigsesta'owtives ol tne 24ihpresent biU. TAcre it had the pies of conslderetlon, growing outol a specific beieficial purpise; *«« Itis an absoiote gratuity to the Slates, without the>;lasr, we mardispose of in clause. Congress possesses the power to makesupport armies,'nhvy,' nor to accomplish anyime ofacre to 25 for fresh $1legalform the grIevaetrted from them to pa; the detits of the Statet, tohomestead ofacres at tne mlnlaampublic lands.But I cannot so. read the wordspowerprosperity.Tbey baveoeen^ntded ta proiebdagfactof the Constitution that these lands should be givena« ay by Congress, is manifest irom the concludingportion of tne same clause. Bytton afandas loepubltc lands are concerned, we may enumeratecorporatlo-s,is riu resson er in justleeand then-.known'ofthis gilt ol public lands to the States for of mantgemeit illusory. Tbe Secretary of the Intntarnor 'to ptanAk, and main-trusted 10 his caie for special objects from money tei dent^ of Maios.2. I(willproveunequalunjustoperationfonrtea of whlab baiaptao Still, whilst tbti eUose nio! ..ealths. Is It jus'. Is It equvl, that, after they ir,.'i\ i.o\ be d I oe icvo Is not, a vtolaUoa of tbe Constitatlon, )et, bow deatructlve It would betaper ace. They bave constructed roads, established armv L 1 t<tut .-choolK, and laid the fouudation of prosperous Com- iiin ' L... bet'BlgbtUUed to at least equal givetheVi., and went to his father-in-law's, at Jackson, N. nominal price, upon every p-lncpleof equality and tbe purpose. 9I obtaining specialand Ito' tueh pcisrns over nauva and aaturalized eitJa^M.When to suchas are aiphpelhiedads citizBas, Ills cooloed to aaah'of lamliles v but wBen appUeabia taofpersons fmeign btrih receatly arrivedthere is no such oo4>araboteKdeclarsuon of Intentioa to becocie ririijn^'be to all. Should apparentit bocorne a law, tba ro-twolanos as to lender thaexpcctation of futare rovathe>ears,will so tllmlnlab Ibe sale ofa —tbe land presentsystem would remain unraange4.Shculd this bill bei»me a he does no* law,In this the ofmanagement, beenconciliated withmost nominal out of the price,of paopla,aatf1 have and approvedthe bill dntitledfrom them, which, as we have al- act making appropriation for sunilryclvtl expsasea.^ --^prioe per acia. this discrlailaatlaiLimportant spprnphenn— Washington Aqueduct, •JOO.OOO, to betne plans':«nd estimates of :vided tbat the office of Engineer of tbe PotoaaaeIt true I tiad reason to when tbe lion. is believe, laatInaliOD I deemed itcould bave Intended to interfere with Iba olaarcountr> unleas a particular person of Its own s^leeeffect upon the momU of the army, if It aboold bo-ie ceatedanewoffice, andhasappointed^Ig^vaba in the fact thst le perform Its dunes. If it had done Uai^lBIMtlatbe ntxise, so that be deserve all the whicn our laws have al- proprlutlon condiUoiial. and Till It JalJ oroyldad I oeartisansWest, and pursues his calling, must labor long before cempletion of tbe waterworks snail be arrsatad roi;tbe barraasmwit of large bodyofrespectable;\Uwee *tates, so (arOae Morgan Mosely,ville and Hmesviile, (Borgia, waa atraatad. agreatlespeoM. WUMexpended,tillin tba hiw of1 with icbilng tbe Loag lifseeb eatiIng avp $930 oT'ItMasuaeavnai wobea artaststt iAol <#hta abd MeblUM.16th,>chargedaI_*J*i-» ^VSI^: 