Si^,;^-therainwhichplasheduponthem. Thelesson of the day should be more lasting than thebeen framed amce that famous one of 1847,whichsealedthedoomoftheComLaws. SlrRoBXST Pxil's master stroke conferred uponthe laboring classes the inestimable boon of people the fatal spark."cheap bread. It threw open to the busy deni- This would probably pass for something bril- zens of the great manufacturing towns, which liant and origtoal to a volume of " Es-Ifj^kawU^f the District Delegations actually pre- chaotic eruption. The British Parliament vote aaA'at Baniabnrgh, and instructs them to adhere toWs ofGen.SncoiCAXxxeir,solongas fourhundredthousanddollarstoburyEngland's1^^to thethe opposition to tiie present Administration.There ia not the alightast probability, at all eventa, that he will be put in nominationat Cliicago. If he is to be supported, therefore, to leacb here at 6 o'clock this mom- always particularly snubbed who ought to have it will doubtless be as a third candidate, andI haire been aiade to eacort the been-ta qaartera by detachments from tlisNiatn and Berraith Begimenta, under who promised to be present, and whose pres-I of Ccd. BirmraLD, or CoL Dtmni.— ence was essential, sends a letter of mingled """"ito lamentation and enthusiasm at the elev-r^nAr^loor, «r comes^'aad aays acme some one not absolutely identified with the on butter, tallow, cheese, oranges, aut-, They have frequenUy imprisoned persons Ha HniBBaxx and RossiBi. Aad this omuidaratloa aaarKvt-dangerousHe did not sign the bill, it is true,—but by notgeneralvictory justtheyE.^!i--^ _ wthefetjnttoBof convicted prboneis soldiery travel allpeople night,locality, but throughout the State.WaWSKT TBKinS—•utAM—Tn TireM«Mi« Inuw Wnasa.Slavery, and under ardmary circumstances impresaive epiatie:it very hard that Utyot Wooo tj/t^fwll ko allowed to advertiae Oie proeaaO^' of^Hw Common Conacil at Ua own diMCOttn,;iMP> outI lOaieaecw.DO xones. Thepowerwhichauthorityanythingelae. -Aa'ftOfimm TBXATBX—baina OMOUf HJUr-Mgeneraland we trust to a cleanergave them when they left us, have evidently undergone their full proportion of mishaps andt «4W>«iPr<»So Gov. MsnAST, appointed by Mr. BccE^XAtr,Every sentiment hath Its comter-sentlaeat. Resist-sues to tyranny is reversnce for lawtnaaferriag pooket,It'kUtgaii d«rr, T«itoi^,,Cot the aale at anna to tha Statea was tees when they undertake to get up a mag- tlw elanaa raqnirinf tba Soperintend-The Sonthera Oppoaitioa.A. J. DoKXLBOK, of Tennessee, is out in de- have apnmg into existence since the battie of says on Human Righta," but vm donbt interest A not nnconuBon, but a very sttt^atioDalAnnoriaa to ba officers of the ificent celebration. It is a curious thingtiOmwx. aDsoBS* LaonaM inatract point than court the dangers of a veto. How vain Is the barrier In the rift of the gleamiag!"OnMBrt Mnwaau. I—TjHliM*0(t'iICnAsna.Antagonisms aad attractions are eqnaL The man who hates Op- acknowledgingthatwhilewehavebeenno Qaxur,Baownandafewothersmayoppose pressionisthemanwholovesLiberty. Themanwho more lucky in our formalitiea than we usually the bQl for admitting Kansas, but we are m- respects Ills own rights respects the rights of aU. To are, we have worthily celebrated in substance, eltoed to think that the Democrats will take honor the law Is to malntalBthe law. To m.int.i.." by aoa-fmrw^1 ^^.' \^'\.^VJif py!?^5^??^T^^'^??^*^?!f; in—^TMay—««» Biotdwmr—KtsiL or Koia language, "because he could see no use in talUng to peojde who had no notion of a cui-annoyances,and in spirit, an anniversary to which the pass- ing events of our political history have given a new meaning and an importance more grave than ever. The cross-parpoaes, blonders, andpermitsgood care that it is not rejected.Gladstone's Bndget and the British Poor. The budget which has just been introduced into the British House of Commons by Mr.tttW.ntT—Ktiwtim or Fjimsos.tMSiiHH^, «*. Mtotli i«m]> luim'i Boaim- BttCmoawAS^BBlfy OV 9B8I0N—XxanaiOB *r Pmrnnoi.sine." No Stan in liia senses would aver tkink of employing a Turk to manage a steam-unless on the Mississippi, where fatalism might well supply the place of skili, and a Ifos- lem engineer heap up his fires with a moreindifference to results than anyplacid Aaglo-Saxon can possibly acquire. But neither a Frenchman in a gale off Capo Hatteras, nor a German in the kitchen of the Tuileries, nor a Turk in the engine-room of a Conarder could make a more lamentable figure than is cut byyour average English and American commit-to law Is to resist sobversloas andIt, come they from vriiatsaever quartertravellag Cwt after tta yaa> liigla^uiuXrVfianr,xe.a»—wniiMK*t rua aiuoTOFTHB DAY.of the well Twenty-second mayitJEWSto lie teared, who, without pikes or 'provisional' source—onder the guise of its fiuictions, as tha minis-in tha United St&tei TadooB nUa were raportad, and KTenl bajma Ki. Chasduk made an in- to call nf tha Prealdeat'a veto of Olair TM» Appropriation bill. Tlie biUbatfks Iifith Mipoaition from Hasan. Hauc, that this should be so, and the psy-Mia. Tna aabjeet was, ailer iusty chologists, if they have qaite disposed4NiiMitak]aid adde, and tka bill to prevent theMnk UHa in tha District of Columbia of spiritnaliim and the doctrine of affini-nimciation of the present Adudiniatration, Waterloo, the com markets of the entire whether it will make much impression which he pronounces to be even more corrupt world. The millions of operatives who had for upon the Committee of the Senate. Mr.—lilMt ';(9rt^RK'aq^MtjTfflf** BKoej in the District was finalj passedand incapable than its predecessor. He despairs thirty yearsinspiteofthegreatrapidityof HtattendsbyleavingWashtogtonandan-iI k> the moat **"aiid flattering manner,A elanse the circulation of pndiilntiBramuse question."OctoRMD." HeistobedaiabyNeflUag eould be lass I|f(,3aani,th«Bey(ihUean caadidsta, could not toatomm;udtkanameatUt.SamvxlBowus,waa aobatitatwl.—been to the his Hi*next willtore does not bat reprodnee,g|[irinfailil Stfuiliam,Waahtogton, go protest,•• flaaa^; ^^never took into the aeeooat theahaalcal aad mat^lai tuts of Us waA whid,underikeeoaditioBa pnpaiadaad«(«MaMdby himself, ha meant tts strlelty ptetodal aad iaM> lectoal eject te be raached. Aianmiial'Sisatisfy any oae Qiat whatever Ithis way be applied to a palntails asaaaar at Icheaper, caliooea became to greater demand. and describfaig certam tendenciaa of the Fed- atmospheric perspective, no proparly artialla sal pia- Mr. GLiiisToin may fairly be said to be com- eral Govermaent which destroy Us oonfidenee tnresqne reprodnetion of kis tbonghts eaa ba aa[actuallywhile Htatt willhisqnea-aptly likened by Au-u CnniBaaia tothst wUeh probably the translator holds to his anthor. It may moi* tfly^acioasm a speech of decentaa would render him a candidatefarm of~espressian which, so far aa yatwsselves in the right places ka eondeaoendingly made it the eon- off at the right moment ; theto amass of readers an ade-tag a GtAematorial candidate, Mr. A. J. Cubtiit his own the sincere sorrow'of a migMy na- ;manding Federal protection for Slave property or shopkeeper. They are just the tlungs wliich per's Ferry affair was the work of Baowa and beauty has been, we wlU not wasted, bat eer- — — saywas nnadmonaly nominated ; and the Convention tion struggles to express itself in all imagin- IfteeaadaSto the dispatch of business of secondarymoment. Subsequently, Jahss Pollock and able solemnities of pomp and stately obse- TKOXisV. Howx were chosen as Electors at quies London for a day suspends her busyin the Territories as the Democrats indeed, prevent life being positively hard and make it alone, that nobody at the North knew any-talnl7 hid under bushels, bags, and butcher^ meat, iathis way in this The chances are ten to one country.that if the reader is lucky enough to have a coneatfive or ten dollar bill af Oils moment about ha him,;Large ;Csimntlon, tlie following gentleman were namedDavid Wiimot, Henry D. Moore, Samuel A. Purvi- up her mind that it will not do for her to appear ance, A. R. Beeder, Thaddeus Stevens, Titian J..Coffee, Thomaa H. Ewing and U. B. Lowrey.'WifhtheaxcepUonof one Congressional District,the resBining Delegates were named by deputa-tiODB present. The Convention adjourned tine die.Ttis Tirginian Opposition Convention apparentlyaeeovpUshed as little yesterday aa on the dayjpre-liMM. Wiiat bu^eas was done ia withhala &omjMuHication.ll^iaaiflfQB^ iNTthday was commemorated inat one time they seemed inclined to court pop- tolerably comfortable—just the tlungs whichular favor over-bidding the Democrats on men, women and children who spin cotton ail byand onthtog of it, and that the South has been deluded for political purposes, toto theoutrage upon the rights of an inde- would be richly worth twenty times the moaey in any art-market of the world. These bank-noteand aa Delegates at Large to the Ciiicaeoforday, are apt to long at nightthat the Re-engagedaMand haa aand thus totgt aome weeks in organizing pastleft to draw on for mere pleasure, exercises a moral power whiching in pointtreatment,eagiailag byWedneadaydaywasfixed on aa thelife,surpluscrime,acquitallGon Onxixr, with kia family and suite, waa a in the world a ;lawr..^-—be diacarded. The preaaure of other influences establishes on a firm basis the cheapfrom the office of—^JoBx Is notthtog of tha ktod w—hich ha undertakea. He is SouiHAjtnimmensely rich, ^worth a million or two,:change„^ , FriMs «»-Corps,in a fit ofpoutingabout theirbilityany such bill would, doubtless, liave been vetoed. But if Kansas la tg be admitted the question has no practical importance, and theThe laws of the homan heart are foravarthe sam*er,they may.come from wlthla or from without tlw Ooveinmeat, affests not the criminality of the design, save thatMed it; 'of eotain amtdtteredf feeiinga wiiich he are any speeches, flash up aa appropriately,Slaveryacceptablenevertheless, oleariy embodies nine-tenths of quate idea of the importance to the vast ma- mortal as tha foe of Senatorial'*'' "'^ niahea against Aa diplomatic body forprospectthat he willbecoming tyranny.Inillipeasabiatistic Boccea, tha artistls homaa mind. Tba ralatiaaitapraaenee from the celebration onpreaumesuch changes as a reduction of two shilltogs tionofpower which he raises to be tested to which tha engraver bears to liM oiiglBal was net la-length,;and explode in splendor as satisfac-diiEcnlt, convey to thecountrymay never expect to see soppUad by aay stdeUy mechanical sontrivaace whatavar, a^Btnaad brttat We aaystarious, bat hltbarto aiaaasat at ar-luring reqxmded to the Ezacutire torily as the rockets. With us and~ll with Bine cheers for the Union, our cousins, on the contrary, somethingtook tlie ears for Baltimore, andand ntoe pence ato theof wtoeof the Statehaveintlta homeward. It nl^ journey;accomplishedobject bysecuringcomparedto that which axiste betweaa the'in Pennsylvania, after a rancorons d«^- 'tfe tliemaelves up into^ a seriea of perpUadng i with a trifling amendment the resolu and snarls fireworks miss fire, or. K. B. LowxcT, which places the appoint- prdvoldng ;ment of Delegates to the Chicago Convention in go off aH at once in a premature Vesuvius ofas todLqienaable to anybody's health oras to enlist ita ; but eron tliia could enjoyment of life ; but taken ail together, the Mr. Masoh's Committtee,and the rest.The oaly branch of engravlBg, Indeed, which haajo^ortUfvameia not withdrawn. After three ballots greatest soldier as becomes her greatness andbrought to perfection In the manufacture of vlgaetteafor oar bank-notes. A great deal of positive powerwashardlyconspicuousand nominatedasthecandidate of the Opposition.breadtheyate ofEnglishlandholders at theirba to return tobefore the Com- aad tell them that ha.,princely qaarterapromiaed tham bydecidedpertinaciooa aad diligentto thisendeavor. HaiaaatataBatfOd^i Thalbmie^*Tor«i bayers. Flour waa more sought aiter. aa were likewise the principal Unda of Oram and Groceries. Pork, Bacon and Beef ware in good reouest at buoyant pricea. The moT«m«nts in other branchea of trade were reatnctod.oBUiMBtal C«IebratioBa.ErarynationandererTraceofmenseemato tiare ita ^weial ino^wcity as well aa itaapecial talent ; and there can be Uttta donbt,we think, that we of flie United Statesand of the Britiah blood Inherit, withmany aaceatral Tirtvea, the British insran, and get rapped over the knuckles for it in a their power to the Administration in a letter to Senator BM»t place Miison, the Chairman of thereapectable dOwaa oftto |te«, ^4i»iiof The IndiTidoal saccesaea parade."—OBlversal—coBflned to boofa a aJbait DusHVAT-TKOunr, Toubtiui,BuiT, a SvBOOvr, liare not abated the world'sbelief that a Frenchman at sea Is like a eat in walnut shells. Lord WasmoKxujtD relates that the only clerer cook he ever met in Germany was a Parisian, who had lived twentyyearsinDresdenwithoutleamiogtheaadis always getting out of order. Somebody isthe stm beof seven shillings to the duty on currants ; of publication of liis letters to the newspapers. composer who writes (or a fall orchestra and theparticularlySomel>ody else,There can be little doubt as to the resolt.strument. WhatGoosui,Wnsov,Pn,havedaoaflyMg. which V^tAstayedathome proeeasions—refiistog, and although tlieir power has been have to reaOy iMgnnhonored.upon some other platform than that wliicharti£t who rearrangea hjs composition for a Ma^lete-;aatiafy the Opposition sentiment in the Soidhem Statesbreath to do him honor. But the Queen makesSunday, They will be very likely, therefore, to nomi- and be made happy by possessing. They are,beliefpublicans were to some way responsible for developed by the artist who conceived it,in the procession; a quarrel of precedence tliTows a whole string of distinguished carriages into confusion ; and a stupid beadle keeps a cli*nate a candidate of their own now,—not with to short, just the things which give the artisan thisgrosscle of England's noblest and gravest dignitariesspecialtymost and creditably Aawrican distiitctlvelyvoting moneypreparealoaa, but'HawJersey House of Assembly ing as it does for the type af thatparty,promtoent presses, have openlyji,J^.^"L"„i''.«?'7.-«"v"e^n caaes o°'f mufrder, main- slaughter and fe oni"~ "*?•impetusAnd J=P't^itr.^?"\l^'«i^.batter, !!«« oration, moreorator makes afiill of common sense and soundthefit- aeqaittals. Ye.terd^^ ""'^^VS '• and lass lavish oftothaAMk^Chter of BJcTaL J'„^°f/ «°Cca,teaced to nineteen years and 'u*i;*»?»«?- orationsareapttobe. TheCommitteesgoodareadmission toto the Union.*!m.the State Prlaon; Mabtisatall manner of painsnor to waive any of their local rightaplace suchheseamedtobeequallyathome,andbyMcQeADB,all thesahlie maps, Ac, betenglngte therefor.In aeeeptfaig yanrtanalangliuir of G. W. Chdbch, tolists, younger antagonists,-ia thouaanda byingcomplaisantBtweiv!months;^ wSI'm of;alreadyTooL«,^'Sl''^^"fifty placesatand six and's, for a minor degree of that crime to by thousands, to spite vexingwinds aad thecitizena the ofthat ihavei' youJl^,^at»>Mdkeepgupport,hostilityriathat InatttotloB.Judge r^oWdrowning the rains,assemble;wtiichGov.Mkdabthaapermitted to beoomalarge cities, is oUaaea;^s^""tng— m7t^Fbakand march all day to be a law, and are buaily eagagad upon a Per-F«wutt, tbo emigranton the spot, bear Oiemaelvee gallantly,"sonal Liberty bill, the object of which, aeoor-Untitled Documentandia at i^ito'.r!-'- Jof "in a which sends them home draughtthat firom carrying them. This, if snc- stages, at least, between them and starvation. partystandingweeping in no figurative sense, with genuine colds in the head.cessful, would materially aid the Republicans And anjrthtog, let us add, which places wittun.MWEdaztBSOBer by the Aoemakera of Hassa-iitoiiBMI -^IHasatisM with the prices which theyafg.a^j|^MaBt.iac«iT]ngfor their lat>or, tiiey haveMena attike,when, the movement should culminate. Lynnaedns to have been the point where the excite-mentwasmostintense. Processionsoftheopera-txvea marched the streets, and finally those com- more happy than the opportunity of this cele- hostility to the praaeat Administratioa, and to posing them congregated in one of the DubUc halls, bration. It fails in perhaps the most critical the Democratic Party, which it represents.his sweetens its existence, yetthiztog with Baows, by denoimcmg those whoaagrav-And now we have the American Congressvolves some danger, as their candidate might receive so much support in some of thosenecessary topossession, and which remtods him tliat he haswUA we have yet produced. Less soccasafal aad inlenat.today of the inauguration of a statuefolkaraiiia- rStitoPriBoa. TheKaaaas, It vrlHfind themia tUaand — to thb Coait from the _ hlTe a ekanee ofbeinjjoicing Itheir tedioufe sacrificial journey, find tita ""aetlonof the'.nanalaagfatar^AmBecorder intends tofor thatintoIsea of rooma, which they march about wildlytrying in vain to discover. The statue's veil, instead of vaniahing before the eloquence of Mr. BooocK like the mista of the morning be- fore tha beams of the sun, sticks fast about Its waiat, gets rent in twain, and provokea the unseemly jeers of the crowdadvantage of their opponents Upon thisof the Qwiaial SoisioasTto Stock Karket ccnUnnedTotk Oantnl yeeteiday. with f.rge additionalBouua; aalM, UtkMouvTgahta'tith^e cloie^e la steadier q"ff"""J'" made. Theaales of ChicsgandEoctheway, will enure to their benefit If Kansas is summoBs, and i>o)dIy confronting the power of been ateadlly beeoiiiac,'.ellne of market^eS-feSfer^iirtU Money rates.The sales of Cotton were moderate.Indeed, they could be suspected of tog Washington ha at^cited a delaydepressed'o^n-^ii. ^^"li;But our aajwrtBae i^lfftthofeux-de-joie goble comforts. It islikeEtatt, and evidentiy undergoes much lessspeeches,tf thereBepublican Party, which, ours,toexhilaration at theofim-a show for the fittingbrought him to pusishment, and by resisting satisfiedthecoarsestandcommonestdemands everystep that maybe takento detecttheIngs, in polat both of suttjeet and of htist—nl,•»•< I'wfcy teaiBiimBtecfltolWiw,'*cheeri thestataelaioMflBratodiQmtaada eormjotfiifittvealavea.play tbetr beat The day haa been ioelekrstad. If thU Admlrtatratloa party iaBut through the Preas asd the Talagra^ MUng Bottvea for teaiatiag tM _.r, ., bow many iraila dlatoib our natural re-beoB&M, *MU i«Mt»84 to MHttalMriCMaMUfieao«ifiatot«Uie notice Kt tDMr. TBAimna Ht.*r, of oar City, ia e^adaDy•it'Wjtheir Committee,dwindllagvagua prom-question. lu to decision, ao matter in what began by refuatog peremptorilyob^on New-admitted, they wiU have tha benefit of its the Government. After a little reflection, he lupifarauar yma, tml4added electoral vote. If the State Is rejected, graciously consented to go to WasUogtonaod citisens who kare mylfatat 1^^they vriU have the still of appear t>efore the Committee, hot reaolvad the baolnto mtamitf at iataf^t greaUr advantagethe new issue thus tatroduced Uto the can- when there not to open his mouth. On reach- rescue It from ttw hUii iatft' vass. If oftan fallen. oare sure toMr. Bath, for ao far axampIe-^-mighttakan ec eiy -can fce jwotly regaidcd palatfrequenUy doubted, it has never been success- fully disputed.Tmaafa, wa need not look for our WQsons sad Pyosaai "~-'-Trjthe succeas of the Repub- nation. The day is to hold a place of its own There is, without doubt, in nearly all theof greatest of Americans, in the capital of theStates aa to lican ticket.is a fairin theof ourcould beSouthern Statea, a very decided, and resolutaphilanthropistBepublicanbrought uponitselffastioverlook. For these reasons Mr. Qladstohiis fairly entiUed, if he carries out his scheme, toits the partyoftosenting Wxshoistoshistory. Nothinguttering thoarworda ea^theimperilofHmssHuitooB, also after Mr. Daxur, wUch ha*wlien they were addressed by their leaders. In hour of the nation's story. It comes with its Reflecting and aeaaible men tiiroughout theaosaeioafauaeea the feeling displayed was decidedlylatempetata,butnosuchchargeisbroughtgrandassociations,speakingofall thatSouthluiowperfecUywellthatthaSlaveryPiiLseveredthehorribleconnectionwhich,fessor Sfaxes and the Know-Nothlnga may settle tbe ChicagoPolitics.—Theapproachingelectionhistoricalquestionastheylike.Mr.DabuVshlstsr-against tlie c^ieratives of Natick, where similar gives the American lua place and rank agitation is due, la a very great degree, to the from the earliest rise of British manufactures,for Mayor of Chicago has excited an unusual degree of atteation, not only to that immediateIcal picture is a fact quite able to stand on tts omt merits, and is so infiidtely superior to the avarageof the Father of his Country, as to de- serve the success which It will undoubtedly achievedamoastrationa were mads. In Uarblehsad, HsverfaiU and Newburyport the strike has beea amongtemporarily postponed. ujadiiniideupontham,"Long John Wektwokih," who lued to be a furious Demo-presentment!in tills prosperous hour of returning coal-a^that the g iaand re-a l^DM^inthe buttnets refose to iubmit toa few years stocesense, revivingsllke to thethis point.utteriy groundlesscarries upon It a drawing which, folly and &irtyThe aoMieiy, wet and weary withprobably Territoralmonument and as WAaauoTOH himseU'.as thememoryofstrike fromthe hearts of an Indignaateran leaa acceptable than Kr. melancholy illustration of the painful truth than Whether Teimeaaee will be in own.price, suddenly found the first necesaary mittee tmderpalnteTgraalaa ;ytowtindouttofoaHktollot Kr.Sdw.uu> wastharepreaented Conventionremains to ba seen. oflife aaceremonialofthe burial of theiiBBVot* of election. Without'another attenpt, WiLLiNOTOK in London eight years ago. Some, We donbt whether the members of the Opposi-ofthewhole knewwhateverabout the Harper'sgorgeoushow or other they " manage these things bet-The welcome of the ashes ofthe First Kapoleon to Paris, under Loins eral statement of principles in the Call aa todisgust'neeptibn and entertainment -affotded Pbilippi, the festival of Liberty under the feel anthoriied to send delegates to that Con-at'tta Tedanl capttaL Tha complaint appeara Republic of February, the return of the armies vention. Mr. Bill opposed the repeal of thecompetitionnothingltaai,-4f.0hk^iAD took his p]ac«,came ?ritUn ItoTriwiw ailjiaiiinMl.Chicagotion Party in any Slavehoidlng State, except,Mr. F. B. Sasbobit, another recusant wit-aaas, sends a protest to the Praaident aettingforth his objections to obeytog tlie summons, llBg, to file acenracy of his iJaalgBi to his powar avacaot had a satisfac- k at the Bontli, and indeed in leaTinfter in France."will so far assent to thein tha same ratio with that to which they chased their wheat. As loavea became•jBi^*r'oaaBatimanthaaperhaps, Ifissouri,gen-pur-laa at no to conceal ita painaf"pl^^^erto karaieianBDceto « destituuen of creature of the Crimea and of Italy under the reigning 'I tkan to a lach of raapect and formalattoBtion. For, yeatetday, the Praal- Emperor, were perfect pageants, each in its rtOaapsUdsiied Btates not only reriewed the way. The right people somehow find them-Missouri and hut Compromise openly ably,—we are not aware that he has ever taken such ground on the general question of extendingthe work which PzilThe one achieved aa adequately to iBteipral tkat Aoaght ta its assurances of personal protection. He through a perfectly satirfactwT,becana« peifcUU >•potentlegislation,the DiplomaticsomeMeet • nlntar. Two ballota gsTe assurance that of Congress to inaugurate the statue of Wash- country, and declares hia readineaa to support aad to spite, too, of the chronic misery of their to compel a citizen to answer questions photography. The phu<ogi aph appWad ta a fBat)!^VTlnethisyesterdayBut so itTote. Tha Honse renewed its effort toupia,amorethaafties, mayhia totention ofattempt make ita ascendancy safe or useful for the of their contributions to the national wealth, Court whether a Senate Committee has a rightthemselves vrithandtaldngasktogand theihgtok at the Federal Capital on the day before John Bell for the Presidency, if he shall batogr^ih.lmpresataD,atleastln prasaatatafeof purifying the Democratic Party ao aa to their increase,to spite of the immensity nouncingStateiMfer Legiataturt) ttpObHifl •nhjeot of SUvery. Tha BepobUcaaa have tiieahowa howplace in the proceaaion, refuse' to torn out at were courting its rejection, and doing all in When this was refused he wrote a very long nominated W. 8. Qirsnx, SMiH>-«a*'^-4k»very seemly and dignified manner by the Pres- ident himself ; the invited militaiyare postedposition of hostility to it. Committee, remonstrating vehementiy against deaerredly popular wit£'all danw ; 'tit-^^The action of Gov. MiDAar on the Anti- tha rejection of his reasonable and reapectfui chaacea are that he will be defaatpd ttirt^makes his roar of dmma and voioea.eoncladed;theChaplainprayerlikethe ceremonial is a failare—the^er-haa shadows of tyranny, sits moodily fostering des-—PxaracTLTNATiraAi. ^TheDgi^JViiw»ftiaka;aeting uponsubject withparty daya,to ordervery difBenUitMttt^Jathitherto that the Legislature of aemonial—hut not therefore the oecaaion. And no power, under the Constitution, to prohibit pairClearlylet UB bear this in mind. For as we of New- York have had our foil share in the services,Territoryand as oursliall welcome back to-day with open arms,peoples despisaagallant representatives,of law orby msB despised. A power whlclt is (eared, but aet Mayor is understood to ba sabataaOaSy theit becomes us to be foremost iathis bill to become a law. Senators'.the law is to maintain the right to law. Ts mslntalBaggravationsbe forgotten by all who endured them, as easilyas the mud through wliich they tramped, and in ail respects the most important which has treasona, sap the foondatlon of Government at itaGlidbtoii, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, istfs eta tti, Tkt^t-condition compelled purchaseagainst will. step probablyaiavir 'niiaasal* i^ llmniBg throngh a aiedlaB of pasjiafcttn -WtUk Ik*a view toto consider whether ha wouldthaeffect, it might well be supposed that they answer the questions ofthe Committee or not pUafa sD^ a porpoaa. niein the mud, and march off the ground to save Slavery bill seems to indicate the intention of request, aad treattog the Senator to a very pubUoaaa have ntora than the oriliMym».their lives before the " solemnities" are half the to avoid this Democracyissue. transcendental disquisition the uponpowera ofThe doctrtoe of the Administration has been brood that tocubates where hate, vrithto the from their huds.wodt not Bka LoiTia AVI. at the guillotine, amid a deafening returning it he permitted it to become a law. Mr. Masok runs of engendering "the fierce party to a city which had jnat beea wnaMaatheglobe could make it. Better still, the market Ferry affair. And ao the farce vrill and.cheapfor the aale of their handiwork was extendedany hope of elaeting him, but mainly for tha and his family the first taste of luxury, to mak- pendent State. If Htatt and liis feiiows had are an American bijouxwhich has purpose of contesting their own States with tag them feel that they have risen out any proper appreciation of the toteresta of the put to strictly artistic uses, with very great success, the Democracy, and if possible preventing of the struggle for mere life, and have two country, they would throw no obstacle in the by Fhxlubiovtb, Dcteii, Di Hau, and other engrav- way of the most thorough and complete inves- ers, in theii reproductioni of Mr. DiaLsr'i exquisite lllHstrationsofCoeraa>a novels. These OIoaiiBtiaBa tigation toto all the circumstances of thia af- are now collecting by Ifessra. W. A. TovbUbb A C^ in the Northern States ; —but the attempt in- a man's reach somethtog which, though not fair. It is by deaouncing toquiry, by sympa- of this City, and will form a >»i«T»««»g gaUery at Omschemes and projseta of the Democratic Party, bad existed between labor and starvation. He Borne of the smaller buke, to warn and to encourage us, and especially to the stupidly malevolent poli- made human food plentiful for those who oftenof men,maiMiCwtaraTa show signs of yielding to the de- while the clamors of sectional conflict ay of Uia praaent Administration. lackedthechildrento re-and there have been few men to his- party, nndef ita preaent or- tory who have found themselves to a position an means let Congress appropriate, not only ganization, utterly aad hopelessly corrupt,— to which snch an achievement was possible. 'H'irdiiatiHl withottt tha means of deciding whe- ten, but a hundred thousand dollars, if so much tkat the whole power and patronage of (ha GhADBTOJit has followed the example of his Govemmcat are in the hands of racklaas politi- master, and Is now breaicing down the barriersbut the who capitalistsTbay kaow, it,nationaland partisan animosity are at their height. Bymoreover,mennational good feeUag,be needed, to make the occasion all that itministration, however,has he ever been distinguished for an entiretfaararnatAentlM&etof the^bsaluteloss of theBbafwianiaaU w« are aver to know of the haplessvesselaodKtte&t*oflupassengers. Theagent<rf fte Asiodated Press has been prevented fromvMSng tlw tbMtre of disaster by incesaant storms, of the day is appointed; from far and public axpenae. In all the Northern Slave could only dream. wfaldktcndeT the approach to Cape Ledge incom-in the form of a lithograph of Sunnyslde, the resl- deuce:with the safety of any vessel or crew. wide the most conspicuous citizens of Those who report from the shore state that the the Union are bidden share in thisand aaekwe coald have a canvass free eaUraiy fromtha quaatioB of Slavery, we believe tkat nearly effects will be first seen and appreciated.and bomeiike memorial of the most pleasantpatiblevessel is only visible at low water, and cannotiwwbereauied.Xlia Kamak bifaga intelligence from Havana totbB Itth inst., and bom the Bahamas to the 18tb.Hal^f at the rate of 55 per cent, had been paidat 'Hassan on the cargoes of the %recked Ameri-can veasels AMiani and Union. Sir Williak tha shape of the finest body of aitizen aoldiaryfully;should beWell, the money Is appropriated ;cal gambiera,whoaare nothing for the publia which have somade the best of productsdignified, brilliant, imposing.the orator good,longonly the earth things of which the Englishrenewal of our common homage about the shrine of our conmion country. They respondthe present Admiaistration.It seama a pity, therefore, that the conteat days sought to mark its jealousy and dislike ofcannot take suck a ahi^ aa to make thia im- the Press. Judge-made libel laws, tx-qfficiowith unwonted unanimity metropolis making;purpose,of the Republicans of expression of decided ••clinch" in his couatenanee.the commercial her noble eoatrikatioB inrestrictions by which the Government ia formerto enrich thtmselvea at theworkmanpleasantand homelike ofStates this sentiment ia very strong and if ;ganization.duty paper or twice unless the nominations were made toperhaps, everyoneofthemwouldcastitsvoteagainst Thistaxiathelastofthelonglistoflegislativeauit him, and his general walk and conversa- tion have indicated a purpose to jriease himaelf, without much regard to the wishes of the par-a resolute ty. There haa been veryas,for instaaee,byMr.JACziua,wfaakasaa- graved them a lovely fignra of a desolate rooag gaa. tlemxn, seated ander two afieetlaaata trees upon • huge rock, asd gasing over a wide landscape with anof wldiery the excel- measa opposition vote in the South available. tofoimatioM, general warrants and the stamp-bodylenceofwhichlatheboast,notofanacityor growing duty, precededyouwholesome of Scriptara, •'Lataat'OMaBa warninggo down upon thy wrath," we have ao ebjaetieaa ta offer. _SCPKBUrrBBDEHT 0> BOADO—BBtOBAntW OT Ma HiSBT L. Sonraus.—The public sartlea has ex-ou the Kanut ftom Havana to Nassau. But it ia net to be denied that isau—aa-" — have it to the grave to whichhasbeenequallyresolutetheotherway. Allt|"(if'g|*blingtheNew-JerseyCentralBail- State la track &<mi Elizabeth to Jerseyofthewholeoonnfay,atand- —ou-to"fSlaverydominatethapublicmen of business, maynertadMH. <f geoeial hawirtaace. In the House and who feel that no trouble is too great for than they threatenedthat the ficiencywhichhebroughtto his duties mayter a leeeaaef'aix'ura. Tha BsBBts transacted without to be ceasingabsorbinghopedhe aomanyoftheenemiesofEnglishfreedomlie int7~,;"'V---,. -;'--;," *^« StaUs, aad it la very doubtful wh.thar a buried. Its overthrow marks an era to Eng-cheap da- as yeat9dayjfer.a *>ta of 36 to 21. The bill now on- fence of nations," wliich ia the true chivalry vigoroas and suecasaful canvass eonld be mato- lish periodical literature almost importantmitteesIj qeUslie^SMtlU*of Gov. Oloib to become atatoed ia any of them if these iasuaa ware to as the foundation of the London Times. Itretirement of Mr.of Beads. intelligence and ef-not baTtm Hew-Yoriclraal|1afnra met last evemag, af-make them leaa prominent andIt Is to beSuperintendent energy,freeandmaderaStates,thamilitaryorgani- practical patriotsButofzation of men who can bedailies which sprang tato existence after the repeal ofLongeasilyfoiled toa notable loss In any- perienced ;theKansasnational feeling, lass exuberant of metaphors, and we are bound to believe them. But theyrally.veryprobablyonce, taking and trouble. The gueata poura reducedproverbial philosophyare inevidentiycslsacrificesfor the accomplishmentobject,in order to aeeara It- They havethe aamathan aremindthe leadingmen of theitaregular com-quietof AaaaoMv the New-Ton Tax Levy was consid- men to take which fits them to defend the but they will atill be aufficiantiy marked and since sopplytog to the English working-classes aad for the promotion of his own ends, and, upon all other City functionaries. The following oat-mdhfOmiliBl^ttea. of the Whole, theimmediats VttOoti toftjg ait awMwfliBWit inaarting provisionpowerful preventSeulhem State to a direct attempt to over- throw the party now to poesession af Federal power.Is handed to us for publlcatlcahomea and to maintain the order of their paying- the. oU-poBc*. Tha amanoinsBt was country, without the help of mercenary arms.without anyhas a wonderful ver-respondencestbiii DiPiiiMiKi,:BnaxiB » oj aoaaa^lotrepotted when tha Oommlttae rose, but waa re-buy.to sympathies everytastea andeommnaity. Six: I lierebl tender to yoa my resfnatioa oT M| X',*>T the Houas. The remainder of tha sea- V ^.i!?^"'* °° point* of taterart.The dayarrivea, and with it the Committees, the guests, the orator, the bands of music, the shouting people, the pomp and dignities gene-of clsas of the^J<^Ha hasfrsquentiyattended aprayer meetingrositionwhichI nowhold aa SnpertateneentafaaaBin the Court of Oyer ai Teimlnar, ,^^.lJi'^.1?^OT?^?ndpaper which vrill cer-of the and after a earnest address toyesterday.people anxious for immediateanend to leavtog them masters ofthe field. ItVsr^resp^^k^.^^^^^^ SlUBT COINbW' H. L.SocTnia»,Baa —fleeroffice of Superlntenaeat ofof Janoary, ISSO, to <akeeSBetas««ofneither statesman norreal author of hiswho are tmjustiy accused, that a portion of jutt been issued by Messrs. Geura: A. Co. This Is aPress hassuspicionTheon is,afterhereaa as hav*beeaia carefully they loogand which have been ever to tha codperation of any what they have never had before—a goodTh« Aniossioaor Kaksib.religionsachoolto tha early partat one time tobecome, the stamp duty,matotains a newspaper as kis personal organ lost as an example upon his successor, and iBdaed—^The ofbut the abolition of ttiato take effect apon the sppointmeBtetaty soacataK•They say they are,not tocltoed to make any politi- generation mayof that this probabilitysee the London Times con-housegone and entered heartilyandtotalabolitionof thethe leading trait of the budget whosela^ land, and perhapa not a great deal mora naaaeaaaa-newspaper which they could competition of their more ponderousgreat ability, adapting himself to theafford toThey have, so far,with difficulty supported theand dearercontemporaries, duty will give themtainlyis not beyond the rangethe children, haato a German dance-retirement withthequarterlymagaatoea or else enter-ia appelated, is hereby at os> congenial apirita to a bear saloon. In each Ton wiU please turn ovartaof that signed toreapactable ;ta.lagainst and compelled, to the passed bilijor prohibition SUvary, Bare for existence, ta discard moattheprice,acta he haa secured for him- aelf the admiration of that portion of the pop-atnggleof the tiaditlOM to which it owae ita iaflaonee•ndnaswa.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ulation which, constitute theto allluUagfound to It was by their^m ^ncan welllarge eagraTing of the strictlv patriotic claas, rapn-las toGovernment and the great dangera to welcome the NaUooal CoavaatioB at OtfrI" Hereare a fewaentences from thiswhom weBroadway than we Democracy would much rather waive the ab- respected, Is bat the cload. barrier to the lightning. owner of the Aetsi, and woidd thrarefarethe subverslans ofattemptedrightAnd whether the at snbversloa attemptpletingcheapened the operatives' bread, and the other keeps much nearer the level of common moi- dependent and well-calrnlatad form of is BOW cheapentog almost all his most valua- tals to his statement of the case than Mr. sion. The engraver snppUea prtislasljority of English worlonen and workwomen ofcause thegallonseven shillings a gallon to the price of brandybegan.price;Courts,four sIiilliRgs to the duty on rsiaina and figa ;will be set forth by the Bepublican Coavention. of thirty shilling to tha duty on hops, involving Either branch of Congress haa undoubtedly the for the landscapes of Tcaina, SuxnxLB, aad Coa-It Is not at all unlikely that such a candidate of course a reduction in the to the attendance of witnesses, corresponding right compelSTASLi,will be nominated. Possibly the selection of price of beer ; of a total abolition of the duties and to tosist upon their answertog questions. dered by Lists and Taiuaas to Banaovaa aad"«*"" '*'^aiaijlimlj wlali ika TTriiiikBiaB—tT—tkiai^ww -M WWr mega and liquorice. None of the articleslead sume of <rar readers to the thought t*^«ti mtil waani^rt —scarcely be anticipated if he should be placed want of them may fairly be said to constitute ing goodupon a clear and unmistakable Republican barring, of course, the steady toil-^the main accomplish the specific object for wliich it was velopmeot in this country, is the delicate, vigocnas, Platform. TheOppositioninbothTennessee differencebetweenthamaterialexistenceofan appointed. Itvrillrenderitevident,wehave butover-refinedandsubtlestylewhichhasbasaservice toand Kentucky have gone quite as far in de- operative and that of the more wealthy artisan no doubt, to the whole country, that the Har-attained a really and unqnestlenably elevated ds-is do- the country by its failare tobounded by maa Is In taratheyaretheworstoonsirfrators,andtheyarethemost havebeeB toeroas obligedters of Itsand the fuse, andtheB,by acts of tyramir and coercivepower,organizathemagazine,laythetrainother of the Ina arts : ^ and ehiaroscnra iriilch ssecas to be eoCBltant of any decided aitlslle aHBty la i prnmlaaitn bnir snrh nrwiUnat ftlrifs i applied iB this dlrecttsB. that w« watAI progress of onreagraverv witkBsril^oritloD, which one stumhleai upoa current art-criUclsm of the day, the engraver with fba doom thewickedovaneerlathaaaniatlanalwe^believe,theandthis tovasion. It will find out its mistake tlons of our readers by questioning the aathenHrWy,the rank and honors of a great social reformer. when it is too late to apply a remedy. " Place none but Americans on guard to-olght." Pro-theand was elected Mayor of the City.Union and to thecrat, jotoedRepublicansnewed devotion,greatand unqualifiedour autliora.complicityHis ad- particularlyman who foi^ded It.was notcreditable either to the city or the party, nor print, of WAiaisaToa lavias, which makes a mosttherefore,Chicago, this Wtoter, not to permit him to bo this vras Guy in the Heir <if Riicltffe, and u tha Ugll their caadidate, while his own determination of both picture and book is oas, sod that oaa Sieand itaresisted his nomiaation.satilityTTM«b Bdiu>i>g, Mw-Toil. Jaa. SOjlSOL I O.W.Smitk. Esq.. Street Commiisiatta-: . ... -oreventog, verytoto itaspent the small ramatoder of the nigiit vrithaporta,bow, asanch advertising only baey from the City treunry to Ua ownis not at all strange thai dw tfetos ahMUhoUL thia opinion.EBgrayiag maM. graven.The burin iacU OB Oi* side or thsr water, imi H IsBlBg to ba reaaonafela to hope that at as wy distant day Anerieaa eagraTtis aiay be aUa ta do that jBSiies towUeh CamoH, and Lnma, aad 1eaaagraver's wMk, ii, pohapa, laas paealtsiQradaptM; lathe restless ABKrieaa asgaaiaiflaa, lapaMaat af pr*. cesses, and beat npea Imi—illata rafalM^ flaa avdiffers not from the serrlees na- essentiallywithour own Staafelds and Constshles aadpossesspeifset coafdaaeein the act ofof which we will not for a moment dampen flieThe Messrs. Goupn. * Co. send us also a Undradadhesion to the Republican or-He haa threatened to " bolt " once The novel-readers, too, are beglBBlag to be lookedon thepart could tell Any girlat a we dooht not, thai glance,titMaauotjmfBm- adyaattMeta tteCft. *l^reaa to my _^and great ——^^^.^^.^SLi^iL.^es|just been www.fultonhistory.com^j>fc>'; 