 Bobban* evicoto them i sfcbyit), ph.We B&g devel-e Fusion pod, wke for H on-•iir ic the prr- p morathatho ec&on is pity. N o reds are trenoeua ptt hence,wouES it is, we> •nan theyIfromS tLATEST NEW& BXGSIVXD B YIMAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.FromBp«ci*l Di*p«teh to Tbo N. Y. Tribune.FOURDAYSLATERFROMCALIFORNIA.AREIVALOFTHE PONY EXPBE$S.POLITICAL.vCrTY POLITIGS. .'••••' •' o.••...;^'Ibeenusurpedfromthem, of^ ^ ^ * $£ & end which havetionalhonor, andtbe purp<RetolriJbcetolved, That we, ono and all, do hereby pledge our unwear- to send bim to A||||lfp'8 bosom. [Applause.] Thep r ^ i aad l a -tbetMSa- a:id »ci# Ibne-tentli roportion.C » g © tesdonot ter&Free f aH h&t,nodthe forthwith together •will com- ire-eatersIwitich the .'s parade lai'ch he so Ire the ex-Ryndersjomaoy credit it. rhom the seetoit 3 long as og moneydealers in wecan ey under- heir elec-•J outto ard it street, hundred agh a n d r.' The estimate abont I) a lot on lot" Fifth |eet theyamillion inainder propertythe votes jwas there I electoralw.The ;Breckin- ballcts;a ^ i d b e - IE k e t h e changed, tiectors1th eachour lastIf/.-Gridiron Inn. were Repub- |ied Dem- tiea have In>wrun-two for rebuke1 party, isunion. ould de-lves, and Irf Abra- IHsppily,declared* of th e ILiocoln's itwould(last Leg- oa&s and on either lo; on thering Com- j<yterday k>n o f the rpd:?"lie. othercession?''' ^ee eleven.in raising;ouidgiv* 4 with a1vote for ttrihntetoa his ear.rarkwere evenings 'Hickory aobstructtheir way okea bya adamem-Bickoriec rakes then tudtheirand repudiating affiliation with the spurious offahoot of Democracy known as the Seceders, w e pledge our- selvestosupportnoneotherthanElectorsfavorableto*HA V ANA..—ThewithotfBffming5 with me to the conclusionis not a ht manto represent u s m Con wascalledandheprayedwithBill,andconvertedhim.bj1 ;, 1' ' -i« ;and Telegrapher* in. New-Y ork.careful analysis of the votes, it is well understood that Lincoln will carry the poll by about 100 majority. O ld SnffolkiB Wide-Awake.—The Republicans of Rockland Lake held a very, enthusiastic meetirg at Fitch's Hall on Monday even- ing, presided. over.by Mr. George Hoffman, and ad- dressed hy Mr. Thomas Robinson, a Thirteenth Ward Wide-Awake, and Capt. Burt.Kuapp, Hiram Barney, Orison Blirat, John H . Brady. Wm.D. Wangam, Jackson S. Schultz, John S. Belcher, Jacob Weeks, Wm. A. Smalley, Jacob M. Patterson, John Kubin, Manna Flan- nelly, Frederick Jentz, Henry Shields, John C . Chamberlain, Wm. Truslow, Michael Devoy, Hamilton Wade, Wm. Raybold, Georgel F. Steinbrenner, Wm. Gray, Henry Butler, Philip Roi- Iey, X G. Lergar, Edward M. Perley, John Gangloil", L. R. May, Wm. Boardman, John Whyte. , . _ ,SecretttrieH—Francis G. Voung, Henry Panton, Richard A. Mc- Curoy, George H . Matthews, Robert V. Maskey, Edward W Collius, John Cornish, John Landers, C: Donaldson, George W . Anderson D r. A.S. Jones, John T. Denny, Norris A. Phelps, Nicholas H. Smith, Allan Rutb«rford, Edwin Stewart, J . Daven- port, Heman Morgan, Joshua' Brown.Mr. CHAS. A. DANA then offered the following reso- lutions:-3. 37 WiUet-Bt.4 . I l l B r o o m e - a t . 5.1Goerck-st.6 . 3 4 M u n g i n - s t . 7. 1 4 Suttolk-st. 8. 48 Cam on-st.THEWASHTJSGTOi?AQUEDUCTMA TTER.THE STRAIGHT DOUGLAS TICKET IN NEW- ;Dist.1. 32 Greenwich-st. 2. 52 Ofeenwich-st.Washington.W ASHISGTON, Tuesday, Oct 30, I860:POLITICAL.EXCITEMENT..Thursday, Nov. 1. Friday, Nov. 3. Saturday, Nov. 3.--ill.iit.' . t-OwingtothecomplicationofdifficultiesbyWhich he finds himself surrounded, growing out o fthe action o f Capt. Meigs, Capt. H. ST. Benbam news, arrived this morning, .40 hours behind time.JERSEY. . AtameetingheldattheActor-House,New-York, 3.116Grej£>wich-»t.finds it i t impossible to carry o n the work on the Washington Aqueduct, and has accordingly to-day resigned his charge.THE COURSE O P EX-GOY. WISE.the United States for New-Jersey, it was unanimously, Resolved, That whereas the State Central Committee have recently—in violation of the elqpresa instructions given them by the State Convention of New-Jersey, held oh the 2oih day of July last", at wbich electors of1. 8 Theatre-alley. 2.BurlingSlip.THIRD WARD^ 1. 160 Greenwtch-st.2. 46 Robinson-st.•3. 256t Oreenwich-sU '4. 3Hndson-st. FOURTHWAR». '1.11Jacob-at.2. ShaaeBpeare Hotel.oor. Wil-10. 215 Heater at. FIPTEKNTU WARD..1.124Amlty-st.2. N. E. corner of Sullivan andBleeoker 8ts.3. 191 Mercer-st.4. 129 Waverley-place. 5.115Eleventh-st. -'. 6.Melbaum's barber-shop,3West Eleventn-Bt..7. N.E.cor.Washington.place,their troth. I am sure that we cannot d o better than to elect Frederick A . Conkling t o Congress. [LoadAs a member of our .State, Legisla-applause]tore, h e h a s approveda pnecduluiaprritgehmtpptautbiolinc,swerhveanto.ntheright handandon tbe'left, meninwhom publicconfidencewas placed, were yielding t o t h e seducers, h e rem lined conspicuously tine [applause]; and for this reason, if for no other,, I some time since determined to do what w a s in m y power to secure .his promotion to a higher sphere of service. Nor is it from Mr.the worthy successor. Xn 1840 he spoke with Henry Wilson of Massachusetts, h e a s a Democrat and the. Senator as a Whig. A n d speaking from t h e earn* stand with him a few daysago,he stated this, and asked wbich of them had changed T.. There being no response, be answeredjaeither, for the cardinal doctrines of the Republican ^^pSwere the same as those of both the Whigs and ^9nwratic parties. T h e creed o f th» Democratic party was originated and shadowed forth by John C . Calhoun, and immediately on their a n - nouncement a slaveholding Senator sprang to h i s feet and denounced them. In 1848 he went to the Demo- cratic Convention in company w l h J . E . Dooiittle,poin as to inconvenience the publicTrouble in Kansas.:LZAVEJJ WORTH, K. T., Tuesday, Oct. 30,1860.The Times of this city has information from South- ern Kansas that 60 dragoons, under Capt. Sturgis, I accompanied by the Indian Agent, Cowan, had beendriving the settlers from what is known as theCherokee Neutral Lands. The Times correspondent Istatesthat7Ahousesbadbeendarned,andtheocctipauts turned out. Much excitement prevailed in Southern |Xansas,butitisthoughtthestatementsaregreatlyexaggerated.A meeting o f the citizens of this county was held3aat evening to devize plana for the general relief o f f^suffexers in the Territory. A Committee was appointed ^osolicitimmediateaidfromtheEast.ACommittee j|waBalsoappointedtoactinconcertwithothercounties |3nthematter,andacallhasbeenissuedforaconfer-ence at Lawrence on the 14th of November.The river at this pointisexceedingly low, andnavigation is difficult.Severe Storm on tne Plains.ST. JOSCTH, H0.; Tuesday, Oct. 30,1860.By Pony Express thai morning^/we have advices JromJuleeburg,450milesfromfc*^ofoneofthe Imost severe storms that was ever known on the plains. SDn the 26th it blew a hurricane, accompanied by hail until 3 o'clock p. m., when a heavy snow-storm set in. IjThe weather i s rapidly growing cold. Emigrant trains s l i n e that station o n every side, their cx^tle suffering gaiore than in mid-Winter. It was thought that the emigrants above and below Juleeburg would also puffer severely, and great loss ensue. ,The Express•was detained five hours in consequence.It is blowing furiously here, and has the appearancehi snow, and is growiog cold.F r o m M e x i c o a n d H a v a n a .Atlanta.' • .•'",-'"Vice-President Breckinridge. LEXINGTON, Ky,, Tuesday, Oct. 30,1860.Vice-President Breckinridge authorizes the announce- ment that the letter published over his signature, pur- porting to be addressed to Dr. J. T. P . Cohoon, Eliza- beth City, N. C , under date, of the 5th inst., is a forge-—The Republicans of Rockland Co. have nominatedEdwin Mirks for Member of Assembly, E. B. JohnsonforSchoolCommissioner,DavidD.SmithforTreasur-er, John V B. Johnson for Justice of the Sessions, and rJohn J. Secor for Superintendent of the Poor.—A large and cordial meeting of the Republicans of Rockland County was held at the Wigwam of Haver-Native Africans a t work o n h i s plantation side b y hall of the Cooper Union, to ratify the. nomination o f that i t requires a moment's notice. I refer to t h e side with natives of Maryland and Virginia; it was atiassurance to tbefitenda- of Freedom ofthe triumph oftheif Pactional pa_ts of cities or townships should not be allowed to There was very little of interest occurring at Havana. cherished principles at the ensuing Presidential election; and,NZW-OKLEANS, Tuesday, Oct. 30,1860. Mexican advices report that the $4,000,000 eouductalyived. Hernewsisunimportant.pass over the wVwjsto the hindrance of more important matter*.whereat, it 1Bnow conceded by the leading Democratic journals Budpnblicmen,inallsectionsoftheUnion,thatthePenplc have already chosen Abraham Lincoln President [g' eat applause], and only aw»it the 6th day o f November to signify their choice bytbeusualConstitutionalforms;and whereat, ouradversariei tire now concentrating their energies to proonre the election of ^ House o f RepresentativeB opposed to the President, on purnos «incarnate i f regularly this time, Tammany Hall nom-Tammany Hall. Well, inateda"gentlemanandascholar. Ofcoursetha;.larly large rattle-enake, with extraordinary prongs, to strike old Jim Bearer, that he too might be numbered among t h e saved i n Heaven. A the Parson thanked Godfor the rattle-snake,iThe Havana sugar market is unchanged,3n« crop is said tohe in excellent condition, promising a heavy yield. Other articlesare generally unchanged.The O w M f^ B w jF . PHILADELPHIA, Tuesday, Oct^JU, lornThe Jury in the case o f Wm. Byerlv, tried on the charge of forging the election returns of the I> irst con-recentlyseizedbyDegolladohasbeenrestored.Onthe23dnut.avesselwith400negroesonboard _ brought into Havana, by a Spanish man-of-war. i'faesteamer Habana, Capt.McConnell,arrivedonthe V4th in*!, from New-York.*(l« tmif.Mr market was quiet at the following rates:AstomembersofC%ujrresaandtheLegislaturethenameand I T h e steamer De Soto, from Havana 27th, has ar- • politics of the parties cbaatm or probably elected is all that nerdwould not do for John Cochrane; and, in order thathemiKhtbeperfectlysatisfied,hewentandputhimselfin nomination. [Laughter.] While*he thus has the so they thanked him for such m en as, James_l he grow-be.teJegraphed. ThevotefoeolherofficersontheStateticketla not required.Attention to these point* will, it is taped,, contribute largely to the publication on the. morning after the ekction of an liitol%i bleaccountoftheresu*tintheState.DIED IN A CELL—Ann Spear, a woman of iutM»- perate habits was found dead in one of the ceils of tfcw'"v.tstkm.fjHntitmt;atU'#/ll£rialstyurroba;do.goodtochoice,t:-i>'H '.•»:# i ' «irob«. CwniMichtis, Inferior No. 8, U&ai rials V«>-•#.,•«, 4ft, Ms*!to choice No. 10and 11, 8i®HJ rials <Parroba.U**W4*«.,«».frrt«r No- W and 14. Wii^l rials <#>"arroba; do. goodW*HHM**'I*-'lH'xrial*tynrroba;do.superior,No.17and18, Reiolved,Thatweacceptthisissue,uuddeolareourselvestop»• ****fliy'i^>fVfo/: •IRIBTOIE,^DNESDA Y ,j1 :s?* • » ledjed. Th^w^ recalledbyTutiritoilb^ aud «3ffi.*a$|vStttf-:«r:-..TTTT^r^i^ititf^ii/tAi^iiii',P^W-YORfe"*:t?TiVr''.' .-y"WW? ^Republican Stock Up—Breckinridge Down.FIRST WARD.I FOURTEENTH WARD. 'Dist.5. 14Marlon-st. 6. 174Grand-st. 7.-200Mottrt. 8. 260 Hester-st.ied exertions from the present hour till th e night of the 6th of November next, to elect Mr. Conkling to the post for which, we have placed Mm in nomination.Mr.'Danathenwentontospeakasfollows:.Democratic partjMKKirone out with the night of tha 9th of October. l^Wyoung days—he was a Jackso* boy—Democrats spWra of human rights, but now h a whoadvocatedtherightsofmanwashissedandre- viled by Democrats, and called a d—d Abolitionist. O fJOSEPH, Tuesday, Oct. 30,1860.on the 30th of October, called by Jacob Vannatta, esq , 4. 13 Cedar st; 5. 101 Bxond-Bt.ST.The Pony Express, wi& four days later. CaliforniaMr. CHAIRMAN: I move the adoption of the resolu- tions.Iamable,ofmyownknowledge,tocertifytotheoldDemocraticparty,theRepublicanpartywa«1> SAN FRANCISCO, O ct. 17— 3 p . M. Ship Meta was lost on the 15th. She was in chargs of a pilot when ehe grounded, and blame ia attached to.bim for attempting to enter the. port in a dense fog. The local agent of the underwriters at the East andmemberoftheDemocraticExecutiveCommitteeof SECONDWAHD, 9.138Mnlberry-st.attheWigwam,CityHalleguare.JamesA\Briggs TheAdministration,fearingthepublicscorn, coalitionbywhichoneBepublicanSenatorwaselected.'andRufosE.Andrewswillspeak.ThisClubhas42dat. ist, and, judging byhisantecedents,can astheEmpireStateandthemetropolisoftheUnionT2.608Secondavenue. performeitherofthesecontradictoryrdleswithTheyweregone.Butitwastoolatetoreason,andsmprovtd.jbost. W edoes not get a single electoral vote. Should the Gov- ernment survive, the principles will live."6. 29 Bowery. EIJKVBNTH WARD.ErgH&h discrimination against Ivaneas, so that it might frightened some poor souls. But not m Penn- be admitted as a Free State onthesame termsas i f it were a Slave State, Mr.. Cochrane voted sylvania. There they were o f German stock,Douglas is to be i n Georgia o n t h e 29ih will keep the fi*g afloat, even though h eCOMMKRCIAI«—Little o f interest h a s occurred id the marketsince the departure of the last staamer. Quotations are withoutparticular change, though under a somewhat improved d'emaadfrom the country. T h e market generally has acquired a ratherfirmertone. Noleadingtransactionshaveoccurredthatrequirenotice. The.receipts ofWheat have be«n very heavy. Bestshipping parcels cannot be quoted above $1 60, and shippers lesstayer than buyers. Nothing done in tunnage. The Meteor willload grain fo r Liverpool. • The clipper ship S. T- Willeta will speakers will be the Hon. G. A. Grow, ex-Gov. King, 3 249 Third-fit.soon sail for New-York. I n h e r cargo will be 67 pipes of Cad- 9. Union Ball, corner Avenue 7. 7512d-av.THE CENSUS BUREAU.The Administration papers a r e very tender-footed about t h e census bureau. They want toFLU.SHiNGyL.I.—Amass rallyofRepublicans will be held here this (Wednesday) evening, 31st. ThethenwithSlaveryandagainstFieeLabor. Again, beeatenbytheflies.Ifanybodywasgreenenough on May 10last,whenabillwasintroducedtorepealconvincethepeoplethatthedisunionclerksofthatregularintervalstosupplyanagencyestablishedattheEast. Bellows,!andothers.'Thedemonstrationwillinclude10.185LewisG9.j84Lfxiugton-av.,nr.33d-st. 10. 445 4th-av.11. 380 4th-av.ifthedelugemustcome,letitcome.Theyowedftoffice are aH savants, without whose services t h e census could not b e prepared. There a r e thou- sands o f Bepublicans in t h e country who will doArrived 16th, ship Tropic, Liverpool; sailed 13th, ship Hornet, for New-York; 14th, Storm King, Hong Kong; Joman, Sydney.• • . •ttfarine JMsaster.BOSTON, Tuesday, Oct 30,1860.11. 89 Avenue D. a torchlight:proceesion of the Wide-Awake clubs of 12. 215 Sixth-st.the county, and a large delegation of their "brothers 13 336Ei8hth-»t. 14.121AvenueD. 'in torches" from New-York and Brooklyn. The 15. 4i6Tenth-Bt.Broadway.13. 1,272 Broadway. •.,* 1• ;3Iheworktwiceaswell.-Which so much has been said, is easy for Breckin-rridgers, but cannot be passed successfully by a Re-publican and Douglas man. O f t h e hundredclerks now employed, every one is a Breckinridgeslisunionist.'SuperintendentKennedyhasnothingto do with the. appointments, as they are all madeFlushingtonianshavecharteredthesteamboatFlush-ingfortheoccasion. ShewillleaveFulton-streetSlip, was recently run down by a steamer in a densefog, New-York, at '7:15, Thorne's Wharf, Brooklyn, at near Cape Canso, and after floating tw o days, water- 8:30, and foot of Tenth street, New-York, at 7:45 p.16. 895 East Tenth-st. 17.13DryDock-st. 18.217AvenueC.Theexamination,ofItisreportedthatamackerelschoonerofGloucester2528thav.,bet.40th and 4lst-sts., e. s. of 8th av.>;!Wi&Sfjsl&i mwfsl1^*J*P^*WT: ^ l » P W P » ^ w ! # 5 ^ •'r .of Europe, assisted by Capt. Eoxby, marine surveyor theTegular Democracy were nominated—contrary torepeatedpledgesontheirpartignoringsuchpower, Jealousiesarerisingbetweenex-Gov.WiseandforLloyds,heldasurveyuponthewreckyesterday.fcov. Letcher o f Virginia i n consequence o f t h e and unanimously decided that she waaa total loss; and and to the wisnes and expectations o f the true friendsliam and Duane-Btik 3 18 New Bowery.course the. former is pursuing with reference to the Organization o f Committees o f Safety. G o v . ^etcher deems the regularly constituted authorities Of the State capable o f asserting and maintaining nil her rights, whether in the Union or out o f i t , fend quotesthe recent fnlminations of Mr. Wise daring the John Brown raid back upon him. T h e Gov. intends to enforce the laws- and support the Constitutioninaccordancewithhis oath,whethergreatdangerofCaliforniagoingforLincoln.Under ihe penalties fall upon disturbers o f order outside j the effects of discouraging Eastern news, it is gonerallv• . ' 10. 68 West Thiiteenth-st.that- the best thing that could be done would beto sell her on Thursday, lor the benefit of whom it may con- cern. [This vessel is probably the Meteore, from B»r- deaux.}The Pony Express, with S*. Louis dates to the 7th, waa telegraped from Carson Valley this morning.There is intense anxiety to receive the news by the next express, which will bring datea to the lOtshofof Stephen A. Douglas in New-Jersey—attempted to defeat the regular organization thereof, by forming an Electoral Ticket on which are embraced elements an- tagonistic to the principles of Non-intervention j now, therefore, '•;Itcsolvtd, That, adhering to the principles enunciated in pa*t Conventions of the Democtatic party, we re- establish and confirm the Electoral Ticket formed by4. 87 Cberry-*t. 5. 45 Jame«-Bt. . 6. 68Cherry st>in the University. 8. 612 Broadway.9. 148 East Tenth-et.. - »October. ThentheresultofthePennsylvaniaelection. theStateConvention aforesaid, and, utterlyignoring6. 260 WestSeventeenth-st. • petitorsaretwo,Mr. J. Winthrop Chanler, a Tam- norespectintbeConventioiflPfBut oflatethe Demo-ia expected. The politicians generally concede that if Foster is elected, California will go for Douglas; while if Poster is defeated, and the other Northern State.7. U l N i n t h - a v . 8. 91 Tenth av. 9: 166 Ninth-av.10. 434West Twenty-fifth-flt SKVENTEKNTH WARD.many Hall or Douglas Democrat with a face rather cratic party had become a close corporation, consisting; inclined to the North Star, and Mr. John Cochrane, a of a few gentlemen from the plantations of the South. poliucalamalgamationist;withthreefaces.lookingno- TheNorthernmenbelongedtothepartyin averydif- where in particular, and arranged in a sort ferentsensefromwhattheyaupposedtheydid. [Laugh- ofkaleidoscope,sothatyoucan't tellwhich ter.]ThesegentlemensaidtotheDemocracy:YoumustSIXTH WARD. electionsresultinBepublicanvictories^therewi'lbe theelectionofStephenA.DouglasandHerschellvV 1.1Trybn-row.conceded that the Breckinridge party-/ is losing strength here.CoLE.D. Baker,BepublicanSenatorfromOregon, isexpectedto arrivein6anFrancisco bysteamerto- day,andhispartisanfriendsarepreparingtogivehim a public reception. He is expected to make the tourof theStateforthebenefitoftheRepublicanticket.Brevet Brig.-Gen. Clark, Commander of the Depart- ment of California, died in this city to-day of chronic diarrhea,afteranillnessoftwoweeks. Hehadserved in the United States army since 1812, was through the warinMexico,andpromotedtothedistinguishedposi- tion he occupied at the. time o f his death for meritori- ous conduct at the siege of Vera Cruz.The first-cabin passeiigers who left New-York Sep- temberlastinthesteamerAriel,havepublishedacard intheSanFranciscopaperssincetheirarrivalhere,se- verely censuring the condition and management of that tteamer. They allege that they were denied the ordi- n*ry necessar.es of life." The parties complaining are highly reepectable.The rainy season has fairly commenced, this express leavinginamostdrenchingstorm.News from Oregon is unimportant, the papers received'being devoted to politics. The Democratic papers(bothwinge)havegenerallydenouncedthe1. 672 Greenwich-st. lias deferred censuring Gen. Harney until the ne vs This haB brought out an address from the fifteen Doug- done a noble work for King's County this campaign. % 462 Hudson-Bt.deserves to bear the reputation of a refined, cultivate i, Northern men said, in 1848, we can't accept i t Soon high-minded and honest man. So far as I am aware, after oame the Wilmot Proviso; and the whole Northaccepted it. Stephen A. Douglas said, I accept your hi« principles are all that can be suggested against him. doctrine, but I live in Illinois, and can't carry i t"What those principlesare,itwould,perhap?,hediffi-culttosayjustnow,forIamhappytoknowthat,a therej I will talk about Popular Sovereignty subject to tbe decision of the Supreme Court, so thatthe State or within its limits.PASIC OPERATIONS.Panic makers are attempting to depreciate prices OfpropertyintheDistrictonaccountofthepre- sentpoliticalexcitement,buttheireffortsareofno avail. There is more building going on now than ever before, and the structures are o f an improved character. Property-holders declare that the elec-tionofMr.Lincolnwillbefollowedbyaninflux ©/Northern capital and. energy here, which mustResult to the benefit o f all classes.'NEW-YORK CONCEDED.The Douglas men here give up New-York since , Gov. Stephens o f Oregon has been speaking there. They also concede t h e existence o f a great dissa- Jisfaction-among the German and Irish Democracy in regard to the Fusion ticket. .TEE CENSURE O P GEN. HARNEY.i S. 32 Centro-st.. 6 . 7 Mulberry-at. . . 7 . 7Bayard-st.j.7DAILY-v:';::;;:::'-X:',?a«.^S^.-^ ITHE CANVASS IN NEW-YORK. GEO.BISBEE of New-York wiU speak in Datchees•^fJSS* ^ j?-•K»«Jnrof PetmsylVaiaftvwas then totooduced. He was received with gieafcawlansvCounty.' .At Stormville.At Jackao? Corners At Lafayetteville. At Freedom Plains.. ,w ,. *,...,...Wednesday,•'••-••.. Oct 3l.•One vote may decide the result of the election:were a little doubtful about the credit of the State sine* herprominentson, theChiefMagistrate, hadsocov- ered himteJf with corruption that he was a real politi- cal Lazarus. [ChjgsJ But they had done their bestJohnson, and we call upon the honest voters o f New- Jereey.not to fuccuuib to the treachery by which their rights axe eought tobe invaded, but to standfirm b y their ^imsrhbnored principles and platform. A n d*!>.vtre and Reude-sts.' 3. 28 City Hall-place. 4. 123 Leonard-st.2. 382 Houston-st. - 3. 164 St-ffplk-st. . 4. 32 Second-av.5. 19 Sixth st,6. N. W. cor. 6th-Bt. and lst-av. 7. 105 East Twelfth-st.8. 206East Thirteemh-st. 9.208Firstav. •:••is which. M r. Chanler bears, and I doubt notchange your do<Arines.' We can't exist under i c O u rWhereas, It appears that one of the electors on theregularticket,byreason of holding an office, is,ac- cordingtotheprovisionoftheConstitution,disquali- 9.AtlanticGaTden,cor.Elizvfiedfromholdingtbatposition,wenominateThomasN. McCarter of Sussex County in the stead of Daniel L^S East Broadway.greatmanyDouglasDemocratsareunaergoingthe youwillfinallygetallyouask. ButforthisDouglas 12. 53 Avenue A, cor. Foorth-st. process of political regeneration. I trust that in this had been deposed, and John C. Forney, who served8. Anderson:as such Elector.2. 1C5 Cherry-st.8. 139 Madison-at. . 4. 186 Cherry-st.5. 59Pikest.6. 173 Madison-st. 7.1Montgomery-st. 8. 828 Cherry-at.9. 2 Gonvemeur st.10. 682 Water-st. 11; 446 Cherry-st."13. 315 Houston-st.14. 268 East Thirteenth-st- 15. 164Eloventh-st.16. 95 Avenne A.'17. 137J Tbiid-Bt. 18.186Second-st.EIQHTKENTH W A R D .1. 63 Union place.2. 292 Sixth avenue.3 70J W. 24th st., s. e. cor. 6 av.4. n.w.cor.15thst.and3dav.5.n.e.cor.17thst.and3dav.6. s. e. cor. 22d at. and 3d av.process Mr. Chanler may at last come out oh the sideoftneFathersoftheRepublic,oftheConstitutionand wasthrownoverboard. NotmoresubservientwasoldThefollowing New-Jereey:is thestraight Douglas TicketforBuchanan as faithfully as ever man served bis father, the Union; but I am sure that whatever Polonius to the whims of Hamlet than our Northern.?JOEL PARKER, WILLIAM C60K, ABRAHAM W . NASH,JOSEPH VLIET,MOSES WELLS, THOMAS N. McCARTER,his conclusions, they will b e dictated b y anintelligentandconscientiouspatriotism.At present,however, I prefer Mr. Conklit-gto him, because with no lees talent and integrity Mr. Conkling bas more experience in public life, understands much better the interestsandtheneedsoftheDistrict,audaboveall because he is a Republican, and will give his undi-Democrats to the whims of tneir Southern masters. When David WiJmot introduced the proviso he was aACOB VANNATTA, Er>. T .7. n. e. cor. 23d st. and 3d av.8. n. w. oor. 14th st. and 1st av. vided efforts to the real'.zaxion of that great* reform of Popular Sovereignty, and finally the doctrine which.THEODORE RUNYON.>• •Democrat.Did any Democrat then denounced as »Whichweearnestlyrecommendtothesupportofthe. eop!eofNevc-Jereey:'EIGHTH Wjmn. 1.€4Woouter-st.2. 66 Thompson-st. 3. 5 Clark Bt.4. 52 Dcminick-Bt, 5.490Greenwich-at: 6. 110 WooBter-st.7. 141 Laurens-st.firebrand?Oh,noCARPBNTBR, V . DALKTMPLB, JAMKSM. ScoitEL, EDWARD C. MOOKK, J . RIGGH.IG. B. ADKAIJ*; D S. AjfDKasoN, B. S. BCDD, WM. M.BABBITT, GBO.B. HALKTKAD,E.V.RILKY,R .D . MCCLKLXAND, D . C. MCGUINN,. MILTON BAIIDWIN",9 228 EastEighteenth street. 10.s.w.cor.22dst.and2dav. 11. n. w. cor. 23d st and 1st av.. 12. B. e . cor. 17th a t and 1st av. 13. sie.cor.2t>thst.and1stav. 14. s.e.cor.23dst andAv. A.in the Government of which Abraham Lincoln is made New-Yoak a Shave State under the dogma that thechosenrepresentativeandleader. [Prolongedap- undertheConstitutionoftheUnitedStatesnoStata plause.] The other competing candidate, th e H o n . could so legislate as to exclude a citizen of any other JohnCochrane,represents,as1havesaid,threeparties: States with his property. Where was, thedoc- He is at once a Squatter Sovereign, a Slave trine of State Rights? Where was (he sov-8.144Variok-sfc —-ThelastRallyofthe Banner RepublicanClubof 9. 181Varick-Bt.Brooklyn, beforetheConflict,willtakeplaceto-night, 10. 208VarickBt. 11/305 Spring-st.12.113CnarltoD-st. NINTHWARD.NINETEENTH WARD.1. Garvey's. cor. 4th av. and Code Secessionist, and a Know-Nothing Union-ereignty o f New-York, which, they all hailedlogged, seven of the crew were washed overboard.The remaining nine took a boat, which capeized,. andtwomenweiedevouredbysharks.Theremaining reqnest3ustosaythatbesidetheinviteddelegations,seven recovered the boat, and two more died of' ex- Widt-Awakes of other clubs will be welcome,and 4. A t Wm. Mansneld'Sj'nortb.' 9th-ava.as the Fusionists to-day; they didn't care Whether youcame into the front door or the back door. Finally the oldmaneaid,"Veil,shtop!deSouthvon'tbuymygoots i f I don't g o d e Bell and Everett ticket.""No," answered the Bell and." Everett m an. . "Veil," said the old man, "the Somh, if it don'tment toward Miss May, who is a respectable and hand- Awakes were present from Birmingham, Woodbridge, some young/woman. , Mil/ord, WeBt-Haven, and a delegation from New-Supreme Court, which judgment was in favor of thelandlord, and directed the record and proceedings to becommitted to the Supreme Court. Tne remittitur wasfiled this morning, whereupon Judge Hogeboom di-rected an order to he entered, declaring that the judg-mentoftheCourtofAppealsstandasthejadgment Terwilliger,esq.,ofthiscity.HisBcathiagdenuncia- ofthe Supreme Court,and theplaintiffshaveexecu- tion ofallattempts atdisunion onthepart ofslavetionagainstthedefendantsfordamages,andcosts. oligarchy,aswellashisfactsandargumentstendingUnder, the decision the landlord can proceed at once to issue executions o f the judgments rendered f o r the recovery ofthe,amountclaimed,andalsothecostsofthe different actions.•. Health at Mobile.MOBILE, Monday, Oct. 29, I860. The Board of Health reports no fever.Obituary.PETERSBURG, Tuesday, Oct. 30,1860.Lieut. John T. Barnard of the Navy died suddenly oh Sunday night.— ^—___' »•.•''to show that the Republican party is the only trne na-tionalparty,produced amarked effect. Theproceed-iogswereenlivened*by,severalsongs bythePat-chogue Glee Club. The Wide-Awakes were also outin fall numbers. On Saturday!"evening next the Re-publicans intend to close up their series of meetings b ya general jubilee. Patchogue in times past was strong-ly .Democratic, but year by year their majority hasVice President*—CharleslH. Marshal, James Ren wick, E . J L lay,thing which he is opposed to ! I dare say he sup- poses all the laboring men in the District are fools; but I don't think they arefoolisnenoughto believe such a.story as he tries to put them off with, about this contract. Such are some o f the negative Eoints and blemishes of Mr. Cochrane's recent politicalhiffcfriends he has been laboring in New-England, and he%as been threatened with a return of his disease; andthereforeyouwillexcusehimfromthankingyou, but accept hia hearty thanks through me* [Loud anacontinued applause.j • '*• .Mr.KELLY, continued. Hespokeofthedeclaration of Herschel V. Johnson in Independence square, that they of the South thought it better that capital should own labor. H there was a man who wanted to vote for Douglas and Johnson let him go and sell him- self. [Laughter and applause.] The men of Pennsyl- vania understood that thoroughly. They said that they stood by the doctriness of Washington and Jefferson, though they never sold another fine-tooth comb. [Laughter.] Mr. Kelley gave a humorous account o fthe progress of Fusion in Pennsylvania. He 'said that they felt grateful to the Lord for having sent Buchanan, to them—much as the Parson felt' when called t o t h e bed side of Bill Beaver. The Beaver family, belonging: to les pctits blancs of North Carolina, were very wick-ToIt is eminently desirable that the returns from theEditor*, theReporter.*,Stateo fStat* at large 011 election night should be as reliable and suoclnct as possible, and in order to prevent the wires from being encum- bered with a mass of useless matter, it will be well that th e fol-. lowing ideas should be borne in mind; As far as practicable t h epr«5u» desire to obtain tb« vote by counties for Presidential £.lec-toi» and Governor, but where it is impossible to give the full ora noai.approximation of the result by counties, the Bcateering reprosecution for obtaining goods under false^Laughter.] Thus, fellow-oitizens, T have ed, disturbed camp meetings, & c , peace o f families,gressionalDistrict,thusdefeating3fr.Lehman,theTwenty-firstWardStation-Houfie, whereahe h*d, mmCkbm<«.«.-#•,4-innsMHj$>•quintal.expendituresofthbGovernmenttoaneconomicallimitation,oi n-stcring to the People and to the States of thiB Union those riRlits whichUwasthepurposeoftheCwwtHutlontoseouie. to them,/Conklingasourrepresentative. [Cheers.] *•Theresolutionswereunanimously adopted! andthoDemocratic candidate,.brought in averdictof guilty been locked upa short time previous, havingl*e*n» this morning. H is counsel will probably carrythe found drank in the street.case to the Suprems Court.r^frsWfi); Ls»>i|»sv, i^i .Uv», UfoHh prem.; Paris do,•'*.'*<>••-%'j*-." * '-.... <M'»vkV;jfr:>'M.^^ ijBKi..•*»•'.a?SsWW%!5ri&i^ www.fultonhistory.com,v **^sjjH-'i"-'••--'W-••..:..y...•-.•••^'d^^M^dM&M^U_....;.•^.'iifv'jvm., and leave Flushing o"n her return at i l p. m» M r . Baker, Chairman of the Committee of Arrangements,•haustion. The Burviyors were rescued by a Portuguese assigned positions in the procession, their uniforms and 3d-av. 7. 161 "W. 46th-st., bet. Broad- 5. Notth-west corner of Man> ' way and8th-av.hy Secretary Thompson and his chief clerk, Mr.SKeBy. However, our Republican Members of Con- vessel and carried to St. Domingo, where the .American torches beiog a sufficient ticket for the trip. Mr. F. A. hattan-st, and Broadwiy. 8. N. E. cor. of 8th-av. and 42d- no doubt that the Secretary of War merited impeach-buf my combs, may juat go as lousy as it pleases. [Laughter and cheers.] The South had got to- buytheoldman'scombs;thedarkieswerenotskilled in fine work. In Pennsylvania, theywould increase the 32,000 majority for Curtin moreto.•••'.A s m u c h h a s r e c e n t l y b e e n s a i d i n t h e p u b l i c p r i n t sabout the recoinage of gold dollars into pieces of largedenominations, it may b e stated that orders for toat^purpose have been issued from the Treasury Departmenton two special cases onJy. and then on representation ihatthesmallercoinsoccasionedmuchinconveniencein the receipt*, and disbursements, for no sooner areihey paid out than they are again returned in busiaesatransactions, there appearing to be a redundancy ofthem amoDg commercial claeees. The Assistant Treas- aoreratNew-Yorkwas,forthegreaterfacilityin daybydrowning. Cause,mentaldepression.'FOURTEENTH W A R D . - .W . S . of 7th-av., 2 5 ft. s . o f57th-st., b. 56th and 57th-sts.W . S . of. Broadway, b e t64th a n d 65th-sts., a t t h e moment I shall give way to one of the noblest of them, the. hogs!" [Laughter.] The merchants of PhiladelConsultreatedthemkindly,andwouldsendthem I home. Ho names are given.T r a g e d y i n B o s t o n .Fotts,oneoftheMarshalsaidswillbeonboard,asescort. ; '.•• • .•'•*'-''The Freemen of the 1st Congressional District, it 2. 80 Attorney-st.'gresswill take careofthatofficenext4thof March.3T« t h e A « o d « t * d P X » M .WASHINGTON, Tuesday,Oct.30,1860.eountkg, authorized t o have about two millions o f them recoined, and the Assistant Treasurer at St. Louis upward of one hundred and fifty thousand, for similarreasons. This recoinage, however, applies to the original or earlier issues, which, it is Xnown, are smaller in circumference and tbickor than the later andsuperior coin. Of the former there are now nine mil- lions, and of the latter six mildons in circulation. O n at complaint, a fevr days since, from Philadelphia, two jhundred thousand dollars o f the newer doll*rB werejsentfrom New-York to the Mint, wheace they were•withdrawn, and very many of them again found their•way to New-York. While the gold dollars are a greatconvenience in small, i t is considered that there is a re-dundance of them for large transactions, and hence thearecent special orders. Tnere doeshoJ seem to be anypurpose so to reduce the amount o f this description of • Upper Georgia. Thousands o f people greeted him ,at nominated for Congress.THIRTEENTH W A R D . 1. 180fr B'roome-st.10. 649 9th-av.,25 feetn. of 50th- knavery and corruption in high places were to be de- than 64,000 next Tuesday. The Fusion men down at., on w. s. of 9th-av.B O S T O N , T n e a d a y , O c t . 3 0 , 1 8 G 0 . ThisafteanoonJ.G.Hernandez,aSpanishpeddlerof fancy goods fired two pistol shots at Miss Fanny May, who had been employed aB his bookkeper, ana when discharged, he fired a snot into h is own body. Miasw o u l d a p p e a r , a x e f o l l y a l i v e t o t h e n e c e s s i t y o f r e - e l e c t i n g t h e H o n . L u t h e r C . C a r t e r , - t h e i r f a i t h f u l Representative in the present Congress.' -—The Republicans of South Western, New-Haven• ; ' . ' . . .-••'•1 1 . 6 9 5 9 t h - a v . , b t t . 5 2 d a n d 5 5 t h - ats.,20ft.s.of53d-3t,w.s. o f 9 t h - a v .t e c t e d a n d r e b u k e d , i t m u s t b e d o n e w i t h o u t t h e h e l p oftheDemocraticmemberfortheVlthDistrictofNew- Y o r k . — A g a i n , o n M a r c h 6 , I 8 6 0 , M r . C o v o d e [ p r o - longed cheering]—-it seems that these Pennsylvanians are popular here. [Renewed applause.] Well, in- *t h e r e w e r e i n a b a d w a y . O n t h e d a y a f t e r e l e c t i o n , heaskedoneofthemhowhefelt. Heansweredby t e l l i n g a s t o r y o f a W e s t e r n d r o v e r , w h o , w h e n q u e s - tioned about a bad speculation; evaded a direct reply at first, but at last said: "Well, I had the Company o fMay was slightly wounded, Hernandez, it is supposed Co., Conn.y met in mass meeting at Oraage Center, on 1. 273 Mott-st. 2. 21 Prince-st. mortally. Hehasawifeandchildren. Thesupposed FridayeveninglasUtothenumberof1,200. Wide- 3.42Priuce-st.house of John Fesselmoir'. phia had gained just that by their fusion; they had had 14.S E.cor.oflOth-av.and butmeanwhilebearwithmetillIgetthroughwith thecompanyofstrikersandbulliesoftheDemocraticcause of the tragedy is unrequited and jealous attach-4.^179 Elizabtth-st.79th-st.THE REGISTRY.Mr. Cochrane, for he isn't finished yet, though he willbe next Tuesday night. [Applause, and cries of G o party, and that was all they could gain here. What on!] A s I w a s sayin?,. Mr. Covode moved for changed Pennsylvania ? Herlabo-iog men. [Cheers.],a Committee to investigate certain grave charges Tbe men of her mines and forges. It was not, as' \ed.and 2d avs. Member of Congress now for near four years. In that What they wanted now was work; what they wanted thereof cannot reach t h e Pacific slope before the: Bepublicans, in which they excuse themselves as fol- —Amass meeting is to bo held at Flushing, L. I . BTeecker and Morton-Bts. At house of FranciB Stacom, body he has been distinguished for three things: First, was that Congressmen should be elected to sustain the?Novemberelection.WHA T M R . STEPHENS SAYS.(Mex. H . Stephens writes here: ^" Present appearances, however, will not erase me torelaxintheleastmyendeavorstoarresttheevilsif possible. Should Mr. Breckinridge g e t t h e entire South, and Mr. Lincoln the entire North, I fear that no earthly power can prevent civil war. Still, if those •whose folly or wickedness brought it about should not he sustained at the South by public sentiment ia favorof their secession movements, they may pause before cashing projects to. extremes. My health h a s greatlylowsinvotingforCol.Baker:"Wo-wereinfluencedto»omeextentbyhispositiononthe Slavery question in the Territories, a position differing but little from that of our own party. Although acting with th« Republi- cans, CoL Baker, in the canvass of this State last Spring, openly declared himself i n favor o f practical non-inter»entisn, a n d allowiogtheTerritories,aswellaatheStates,tosettletheir domestic affairs in their own way; H i s often-repeated declar- ation opon the stump in California, in the State canvass last year, and h i s private professions more recently made, leave u s n o room to donbt bis sincerity. In voting for him, therefore, our sacrifice of principles seems to be more in name than In substance. Aside from partisan politics, we ore satisfied that Col. Baker will pro-ve a wise, able, and prudent Senator; and will reflect credit npon the State which has intrusted him with the position, which is more than can be said, with truth, of our Senators hitherto.": thisevening,whichwillbeaddressedbyDavidDudley 4.12Christopher-it.3dav.,bet'78thand79th foriocomparableelacsjaw. IfancyhomaninCon- AdministrationofAbrahamLincoln. [Cheers.]And,las members of the Legislature, who united with, the 3. Bleecker Buildings, cornerField, Galusha A Grow, Frederick Kapp, and others.Wide-Awake, deputations from this city and fromBrooklyn are to enlighten the meeting, and the Wide- 9.:18 Fourth-it.',„.TWENTIETH W A R D . 1. 298 West 27th-8t. '2. 2^910th-av.3. 357 9th-av. . 4.286West36th-st.5. 4b0 10th-av.6. 1S6 WeBt 27th-st.ter. ] Secondly, for readiness to eat dirt at every com- mand of the conspirators for the extension of Slav-the benefit of their victory by doing their duty in their Congressional District, and sending Frederick A. Conk- ling there. [Cheers.] From the spirit evinced theretv l10. 4 Bethune-st. Awakeassociationsofthecountygenerallyaretobe II &6Perry-st.ery. Thirdly, for the constant support of every to-night, be feared there were none but Republicans* scbemeofadministrativecorruption. Withregardtoout in full force. A steamboat will return to town after the meeting for the accommodation of delegates and visitors from the city and neighborhood.12 697 Greenwich-st. TENTH W A R D .;9. 255 7thav.10. 312 7th-av.11. 343 7th-av.12. 119 West33d-Bt. . . 13. 398 7th-av. 14.4357thav.TWENTV-FIRST W A R D ! . 1. 179 East 27th-st.2. MoCs.De'8, 391 3d-av. 8.4932d-av.4. South-east cor. 34th-atand2dav. 5. 558 2d-av. 6. 596 2d av.his degrading servility in the long conflict upon Shiv- in the hall, and therefore that h e could accomplish n o ery Extension, it is perhaps enough to say that the real work. It might be that there were some few Fu-infamous Lecompton fraud found in him a prompt andzealous supporter, as didthe English dodge, which was watch to see at what hour the Union was to expirev—James A. Briggs, esq., will speak at Morriatown, 4.. 52TEe8ex-st. N. J., this evening; a t Purdy's Station, Westchester 5. 50 Allen-at.. ' •finally passed in its stead. Again, on Feb. 12, 1859, He thought it was a very kind thing for the Federal officers to give us notice of the precise time when they when Mr. Grow [great cheering] moved to repeal the were going to dh-solve the Um^n. They might haveCounty,Nov.1;atBayRidge,KingsCounty,Friday,Nov. 2; at Orange, N. J., Saturday, Nov. 3; at Pat- 2. 229 Stanton-at.erson, N. J., Monday, Nov. 5.3. 273 Stanton-st. 4.90LewLs-et.5. 79Houstonst.\ 6. 28 Avenue C.and they had a German proverb there that to lay the motion on the table. H is sympathies were the m an w h o made himself green would7 7 Avenue C. fornia wine, and is future similar shipments wifl bemadeat Messrs. David Dudley Field,Frederick Kapp,J.J. CandFourth-Bt.the atrocious law of the Legislature of New-Mexico,, to be frightened into the sale of stocks, then look out for the Southern gallinippers; they would be into thePLACES OF REGISTRY.The following are designated BSthe places of Regis- try ia each Elation District in the sever il Wards of thiscity. To-day is thelastonwhichyoricanget registered." D n't fail to see that your name is record-our can dineewhosepastcareer,officialandpersonal,—-—-——---•-. followedbythreecheers.Hewas'verygladto;sea unswerving honesty, jealous watchfulness over w e interest* o itheCityofNew York,hyunfalteringadvocacyof therightso f thatPennsylvaniawasinBOgoodreputehere,forthey labor and laboring men - particularly as a member of the Legisla-tureof1860—andbyrigidadherencetothecardial principl«iofthe Rtpublioan party; and that we knowing him to possess t b equalifications required o f ^ legislator in t b e present emergency^do promise him our cordial, earnest, and enthusiastic support.Southworth Barnes, a leading merchant and well- Haven. •Wm. A. Croflat, editor of The Danbury Jrf- knowncitizenofPlymouth,committedsuicideyester-fcrsonian,addressedtheassembly,afterwhichtheyTotheEditorofTheN.Y.Tribune.' ofcorruptionamongprominentpersonages,whichhadiWhittier had Fung, that the Quakers were out, but the workingmenhaddiscoveredwheretheirdutytothem- selves and to their posterity lay. They had looked into Galueha, Grow's Homestead Bill. Did they all know that our public lands yielded only about 10 cents a n acre to the Government? Mr.Kehey stated the features of the Homestead Bill passed by the House and Its fate in the Senate. While he was illustrating it the " I r - repressibles" o f Brooklyn came i n . They were r e - ceived with loud applause. Mr. Kelly said that h e liked t o s e e these Northern Lights; they were t h e aurora of the coming of freedom. He gave some strik- ing illustrations of the Homestead Bill with telling ef- fect. The working men of Pennsylvania, he said, under- stood the Bill thoroughly. They knew that it was the policy of the South and the Democratic party to de-ry.He has written no such letter. •.•.The Anti-Kent Salts.ALBANY,Tuesday,Oct.30,1860. dress,andwasfollowedbyCharlesWhitehad,esq.,ofthe seat in the House of Representatives now occupied by the Hon. John Cochrane. The hall was filled with the solid men of the district, banners were exhibited bidding him welcome to the Halls o f Congress, and inway implicated, in a resolution adoptad by a meeting of his friends, held in this place, on the 15th o f October. Now, it can't be denied that Mr. Cochrane himself pro- cured the contract to be made; that one of the parties to.. 48 Catbarine-st./ FIFTHWARD.1. 128 Fianklin-st.2. 24White-et. Z."~& LeoDaid-at., 4 4 Beach- at5. 188 Duane-Bt.6 867 Greenwioh-Bt. 7. 74 Laiglit-st.8. 472 Canal-st.SIXTKKNTH W A R D . LTOSeventh-av.2. 102 3eveoth-av. . 3. 159 Seventh-av.4. 223 Seventh-av. '{•' 5. 302 Eighth-av.Conkling'B.pastcareeralonethatIthinkweoughtnowthenofNew-York,butnowSenatorfromWiseonsia to'give him-our cordial support. If we compare h im [applause], and Wm. L . Yancey presented a set of with bis competitors in the canvass, there is additional resolution* containing the views of Calhoun. They reason why- we should desire his election. These com- received but 26 votes than, they could command*•&SixthWax*Hotel,cor.Con-1.233Bowery.8. 86Elm-bt.• •: ISm:Certainvotersofthis(fourth)ElectionDis- grownoutofstatementsmadebythePresidentofthe partook of a generous collation, given by t h e ladies of trict of the First Ward are complaining that they went to the United States. Mr. Cochrane voted against the ap- the town. I " Old Orange" was never before so thor- place advertised as selected by the Common Council, to register pointment of that Committee. The investigation, how- oughly " Wide Awake." their names (No. 13 Cedar street), and found the building closed. ever, was ordered, and I think you will agree with me It is now ascertained that the registering is done, and the voting .that it was one of the most useful and wholesome —The Wide-Awake Republicans of Elizabeth, N. J^, will be alao, at No. 32 Depeyster street. As there is no placard examinations that ever took place. It is true that it TwoUnionrepresentativestotheLegislaturewere badagrandtorch-lightprocession—about1,500inline atNo.13Cedurstreet,oradvertisementofanykindanywhere, revealedshamelesscorruptiononthepartofsomeThe mails of the Arabia close at 8 o*clock to-morrow. She will sail at about 11.E l e c t i o n i n N e w - O r l e a n s . NEW-ORLEANS, Monday, Oct. 29,1860.elected in this city to-day.NEW-ORLEANS, Tuesday, Oct. 30,1860.—laet Friday evening; and intend having a great meet-to inform the people that the Board of Registrars sit elsewhere, would it not be advisable to inform your readers hereabout thatleading politicians and Government officers ; but by the revelation it showed the people "where to apply the remedy. But when this investigation was com- pleted, weHad Mr. Cochrane so enraged atitsdis- closures, and so concerned for the culprits whom it had put in the pillory, that he actually voted to refuse the money for the necessary expenses of the Committee.ing in Library Hall on Friday evening Nov. 2. T h e struck a snag o n the 20th and sunk. The boat i s a Hon. Wm. L . Dayton, Joseph Hoxie, esq., and othersThe steamer Dixie, from Shreeveportfor Alexandria,such ia the case? * New- York, Oct, 30.E S S E X .total loss, valued at $14,000, insured for $8,000.-*—_Movements o f Senator Douglas.will address the meeting..'—David E. Stout is theRepublican nomineeforPresidentalElectorintheVIHth Districtof Pennsyl-SIXTH .CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.AUGUSTA, Ga., Tuesday, Oct. 30,1860. vania, in place of Levi B. Smitn, who resigned when Douglas is hailed entausiasticaly along his route inRA TIFICA TION OF FREDERICK A . CONKLING'S NOM.INATION. tbinkwemaysafelyleavehimtothepublicThe Anti-Rent suits were finally disposed of in the New-York City. A great meeting for the county isSupremeCourtthismorning. TheCourtofAppeals, called,atthesameplace,,onWednesday,whenGov. it will be remembered, affirmed the judgment of theAwakes were out. year. . The basis of the contract was th e assumptionThemeetingwascalledtoorderat7%o'clockbyR.thatfrom300to400laborerswererequiredtodotheH. MCCURDY, esq., who made some appropriatere- work, at $12 .a week each; but, after all was signedmarks,eulogisingMr.Conkling,andspeakingwith andsealed,allthemenbutabout60weredischarged.met in large numbers at their Wigwam in that place on Saturday evening, a n d were addressed b y George[Great laughter.] Now, what impudence for John wasunanimouslyelected.Ontahiagthechair,hewas Cochranetopretendthatthiscontractwhichhe Pennsylvania.sensibly decreased, and at the coming election, b y a Spairowa John L . Haiall, Erastus C . Benedict, Iverson W .This iB the arrangement of the revenue laws, by whicht hey were re duced to a consistent and convenient system,and I am happy to believe that it is a very good thing.But a little investigation reveals the fact that it was notMr. Cochrane'swork at all. It was done in the Treas-ury Department, and all that Mr. Cochrane had t o d owith it was to introduce it into the House of Represen-tatives. IfJohnCochranecarriesaboutwithhimanvof belonging to the measure, I think it renderssteamerStar o f theWest,lefore you the public record of John Cochrane^HHBK'sure that no candid man can examine i <? with me t o the conclusion that hand broke pious and respectable things generally. B U I was etruok by a rattle snake, and whisky would n o t save him, no more than it would Douglas. The ParsonFROMS. P. Griffin commanding, from New-Orleans Oct. 23turns which may come to hand will be. acceptable, but that of and Havana Oct. 26, arrived at.this port bast night. Whereat, The recent brilliant Republican victoriea give gladhis famous declarationOf He then, continuingIns prayers,thankedGod for rattle-gross. You allrememhberwould support the devil snakes, because this one had been the means of saving-three years ago, that nominated for office, by Bill Beaver's soul, and he prayed for a particu->']**»;#., tuft | . »n*>hmi do. choicv, No. 19 and20, llfcrtli'rials •f* tMANSMk KtitH-or*!?*!, i.o trnii»no»lons.infavorofaspeedycorrectionoftheabuseswhichhavedi«- trustscanbeappreciatedandrewardedbytnepeople. gruced tbe Administration o f James Buchanan—ot reducing t n e This we will do by triumphantly electing Frederick A..1®13 MMM t**m.\»r^rf<>,rv</*jprPU,.{ Baltimore,payable in New-\\Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Documentbeth and Walker-Bts. SEVENTH WARD.10. 113 East Eleventh-st. 11 249EastTeoth-Bt.&15Seventhav.6 48 Hammond-st. 7. 32 Pomth-st.8. 665 Hudson-st."sts,southside,5. s. e . cor. 3d av. and 85th at.gressevergabbledmore,brtoIes3purpose. [Laugh- bewastheretoaskthemtogivetheminPennsylvaniaTenth Ward Hotel, corner • 7 . '402 9th-av.sion men, some men who had looked at Howell Cobb srof Broome and Forayth-Bts, 2. 73 Allen-st;3. 68i- Orchard-st.8. 525 8ih-av.1. 185 Stnnton-st.- P a OCTOBER 31,A s ahimself a capable, firm, • Under circumstances of3. A t t h e hbose o f EdwardParc6llar in 6lAt st., bet. 1st equal fluency and success. Mr. Cochrane has been abe would n o t detain them by arguing the question.8. 5548d-»v.14. 602 6th-av. TWKNTY-BECONDWARDestablishing Slavery in that Territory, Mr. Cochrane green men mighty deep. They hall not effected much voted against it. Need I add that this same Cochrane in Pennsylvania, except to arouse their citizens to say.• , •v.V»i-.^''-r . w , ^ - t , • '••.•.•.-,•-,**'„ •J?-,/ *•*.•***••. .*+^.**>St'- •>••'' ••""•*;*. *rw|*ta>m«jia<s4<|tyMw *|t>yflqftjl3#j(was originallyanAbolitionist^and afterward one ofthe most zealous of Free-SoHets? [Laughter.] That, great deal of credit in Pennsylvania to a very quiethowever, was before he had got into office. With but effective man who manufactured fine-tooth combs. 12. North-east cor. 23th-Bt. and regard to his part a s a member of Congress, A Bell and Everett man called him for $20 to save thein sustaining and justifying various great schemes UnionandSoutherntrade. "VeU,"saidtheoldman, of corruption which have disgraced th e country "vat for, ven I am a Lincoln man?" The Bell man andcoveredthelateDemocraticpartywithallthe said,"O,don'tsayyouareaLincolnman. Giveus shamethatcould,possiblybeheapeduponit,I yourmoney,andsaveyourtrade." "Veil,IthinkTWELFTH W ARD.1. At P. McGann's Blooming- 2. 206W. 42d-st, bet. 8thand will now cite a few conclusive facts. One of aleedle'boutit." "But come,come,I have notgot tit:Mdale Road, near 96th at. 9th avs., s. B. of 42d-st. these schemes is that popularly known as the time to stay.'' They were almost as much in a hurry2. On the east side of 3d-av., 3. 183 W..42d-at., bet. 8th and Fort Snelling swindle. Mr. Buchanan's Secretary of .'tiatweon 88th and 89th sts. 9th-ava., n. a. o f 42d-st.•3. A t Charles Hahn's house, 4. 226 W . 44th-st., bet 8th aad- War had privately sold the Fort Snelliog lands to cer-4116th-»t, one door west of; 9th avs., at'National Hall. 3dav..southside. . 5.219W.44th-st.,bet8thandtainpersonal andpolitical friends of his for $90,000. An investigation was ordered by the House o f Repre- sentatives, and in the evidence it appeared that at.the time o f th e sale th e property was worth at least §500,000. The facts were indisputable, and there waswest corner o f 124th st. and 6. S . E . cor. o f 9th-av. 46th-Bt.6.. South-west corner o f 158th %\.andH)tli-av.st., b<it. 47th and 48th-sts.9.E.S.ofllth-av.,bet.48th ment. Mr.Cochrane,however,byhisvote,justifiedand 49th-st«., about .50 feet Mr. Floyd's course in the premises, and then finallyn. of 48th-st. on llth-av. voted to lay the whole subject on the table. If offic:al, .ifc-IA mass meeting of the Republicans of the Sixth Con- judgment; b u t there i s o n e topic i n regard t ogressional District was held last .evening i n t h e great which he has so added impudence t o h i s other gracesnot at Chicago that Mr. GauWen offered to show t h e 'theHon.FrederickA.ConWingastheircandidatefor PublicStorecontractinthiscity. Inthiscontract, Mr. Cochrane has the effrontery to claim that he is in noBaltimore. Itwasidletoexpectthatthefreewhite man could work by the side of the Slave. •This was why the men of New-York went intoihe reasonMichigan and Minnesota, and not into sunny Virjrinla, Michigan anu iuiuucovw*) »«» —>». —»~ »»—; . „n.,....._that- glorious old Commonwealth, rich in agricultural resources, richer in universal wealth than any of her sister States, and with a harbor superior to that of New-Y ork.HenrySmith,esq.,nowrushedforwardandpro- posed three cheers for Gov. Curtin of Pennsylvania, who,hesaid,waainthehouse. Therewaswild applause, and loud cries for Curtin.Mr. Kelley—Allow me, fellow-citizens, to introduce my great cmeftain, Andrew G . Curtin o f Pennsyl- vania. , ..' •Nine cheers were given for Gov. Curtin andforstraw on Monday evening. T h e Hon. Edward Pye, spite of the mud and rain a great number of the Wide- it is Mr. James B. Craig, Cochrane's l a w partner andthe presiding officer of the meeting, made a short ad-bosom friend; and that the profits ofitare some $70,000 aNoble will speak.—The Republicans of Patchogrie, Suffolk County,the just confidence of the success of Lincoln and Ham- lin on Tuesday next. He was repeatedly interrupted by applause. H e concluded b y nominating THOMAS LITTLE as the President o f the meeting. Mr. LittleIn the place of some of them, an old horse calledHowell Cobb was introduced to turn a windlass, butI a m told this innocent animal i s levied upon as aregular Democratic employee, andhas had to pay his $25aesessment, just like any other Democratic officeholder.greetedwithloudcheers,andbrieflythankedhisfriends forthecordialityoftheirreception.Col.J.C.Pinck- hey of the Seventeenth Ward then put in nomination thefollowinggentlemenasVice-Presidentsand Secre- taries-caused tobe made, andby which hisownpart- Mr..Kelley—Allowmeto,excuseGov.Curtanfrom nerismaking$12,000or$15,000ayear,isareturningtoyouhisthanks. AgainsttheprotestofDuykin-k, Wm. M. Vermilyea, Simeon Draper, Allan Hay, Pe-Y . Fou ter Baku, Isaac J . Oliver, Edward PbilHli]ips, Jotham S- Fount-Bin^Jteuben S. Chapin, Andrew J. Odell, JoBeph Naegeli, HenryH. Baight, Henry A. Burr, George G. Lake, Ebenezer H. Pray,Charl«-B"Curtis, John M. JacksonrJames M ^ Cutter, Alex: Wil- I know of one thing only which has ever liams. J . S. Underbill. J . D . Conklin. Peter Hanittl. Daniel D .Wright, John T. Harding, John Lewis, Archibald Grfon, George/'But for Long John Davis'8 two-hours' speeehGen. Casswouldnaveputhimself on the record in favor ofat. Then came the doctrine[Cries of Shame!] With this brief exposare, I grade labor by buying heathens from Africa. They called the Republicans the Negro Party. But it waa;istory. I f I am asked whether he has done nothing that deserves credit, I answer thatbeen supposed to give him a claim to renown.to defeat the will of the American Peoplej and, whereat, i t i« gratification of supporting a congenial candidate, I BuchananandStephenA.Douglas. Againfiecalled incumbent upon the people to sustain the President by the eleo trust that we may, on our part, have the gratitlcation upon them to address themselves to tne electionof;s* mtionofaHouseofRepresentativesthatshallbeinsympathywith him, a n d luittJUe t o t h e gigantic swindles and oppressive of feeing the election result in his perfect defeat. A n d Congressmen before a ll else; Lincoln was as goodmeasures w h i c h f H f c heretofore disgraced Congressional legU- while we thus rebuke a demagogue, we will toach the laticn. and mnd« i»88rrn necessary; therefore, • wholesome lesson that honesty and fidelity to publicas elected now . The- conservative men of the South and the poor men of the South were thanking; God that the day wa* approaching in which *£** might express their conscientious convictions. They feltthatwithAbrahamLincolnPresident,thewaysof Washingtonaha Jefftraonwouldberestored,andour; _ ^ ijjgktii pas*?.•'•  