 e pertual o f it*"mdewitoany Tbeattnounco- .^Phy,7 too>methatijtcon- an idea wouldT"*erintendedfor p^hfl» nothing-en(exo^jt th^ lingmanoflet-^-. a* * * personal-3T one until ha s > intentioncouldr troubling yon •^ *y my poor »** work* as h e > id*Tit my dutydeprecateany' ithoni this «x-. p ttosayinariia-:;«?;enic a?dre*ato 'Association ©£'" li^nt, andimjplaseinyour body of Br lis- le range them-NE^YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, AUGUST 14, I860.7J^' fJmpgletterfront' >rywhichcame andenviedfair, ancy-dreesball"at her mother**• iptooeityofthafcplum-coloredrobe,butitmaytroublemany. Wehave ever. Theywerehungonthebankoftheriver, attheoutsidestallsforvaluableconsideration,butwe tobeofsubstantialservicetothehusbandman. nothingtosayar>outtheregulationsrespectingball abovetown,andareburiedbeneaththegallows.In-panieswhodesignedtakingpartinthefestivitiesof porteiturnedtoshowhim,whentheothersuddenlythedayassembledatTurnerHallinOrchardstreet,where they remained enjoying themselves until 10 movements of tho stranger, that the porter had-a**cio. b > tSavoyisat a military ce- ltdeSt.Jean Us Baraguay iortly. M a r - >nsto the ar-i of Di vision ected. C o L f Garibildf, >cureof Ida Neapolitans.bos addxegobJeladiee I, an oldlistressed in r and mis- 3condemn- 9bntchery Latent,butto dae o f j. of the in-yet a very • ted i n t h e e rest to be ly palpita- tes/'bant to thet been sold before this xthestage bis earliest ojt/ds o f i t , Je of farol* .useful steamer Mississippi, which returned from the IaetIndies6<\nadxonsomemonthssince,isanchoredpensesofthemeetingweresome$300,allofwhichmoted,thecomfortofguestsenhanced,andtheircommenceduponthecornerofChambersandDuaneandinsteadoftherebeingseveralplatforms,thereisbutonefoe-/m.$M0•**••THE ZWAYXtacred the firemen, after setting half the regiments an< alltheColonel*oftheFirstDivisionbetidetoemselrec^ The firemen propose to add to their recreottire datie*|;—Pr-Carnochan,whohasrecentlysufferedfromandiseeeiing,israpidlyrecovering,andthoughhewillbe detectedwiththepoisonintheirpossession;andarun- agingfraternalunioninthegreatworkofevangeliza-; ofthe9thand3a.m.ofthe10th,weobserved/?«e businesswastransactedatthePxciseCommissioner's toaddtotheirtraditionalredshirtandblacktroweenr,^'NEW-YORKSTATE SOCIETY.'TEMPERANCE'the desk in the second story o f Union Market, one of pursuing and chastising these wild Indians, who" have camp, who comprised t h e party, aud were with i t recoveryI. Mr. Whittaker was a glaBS manufacturer, lence in" the afternoon* n o t t h e slightest motion waa them named George Crandall jumped through an open neverbeforepressedthesettlementssocloseasnow. throughout. Thisisthefocusaroundwhichhave about60yearsofage. Hiswifeandsonwereat perceptible-onboard. ThetripfromAnnapolis,adis- windowtothestreet,adistanceof20feet. Hewa*It is hoped that the commandants of the forts will take Long Branch with him. He had visited the Branch tance of about 413 nautical miles, was accomplished considerably injured, but as his retreat was coveredTTrstyw;?;'SECOND DAY.this in hand immediately. The settlement of the coun- gathered congregations averaging about 500 in num-tryontheBepublicanandSolomon'sPorkshadbeenber."Sundaybeingthelastday,amuchlargerassem-rogularly;everySummerforthirtyyears.Mr.Whit-rapidlyprogressingthisseason,andthesedisturbances, blagewasdrawntotheground. Atthemorningser- takerleavessevenchildren. Mr.Dummerwasun- morrow,jattheoldpriceof50centsahead,andthe otherprisoners,notdaringtofollow,werelockedupi*>CoxretponttenceofTheH.Y.Tribune. SARATOGA,Aug.9,1860.in 2& hours. She remains on exhibition to-day and to-bysomeofhisfriends,hesucceededinescaping.That• -7?%f-M3MER£:.vW"0£r-fgfj^tf&t,' 'egg*nounced that three.of the ring-leaders of the insurrec- onetime,thathewouldhavetoundergoamputation tionaretobehangedto-morrow.tion Perseus. Many.of ?hem were superior in bright-thatthemeetinghasbeenharmoniousthroughout.'nesstostarsofthefirstmagnitude,andsomelefttrains itisestimated,throughfailuretopresenttheirvouch-|composetheproposedequipment.NocostwouldbeSome disposition has been manife rtsd by rowdies from of sparks.. The most fertile hour was from 2 to 3 a.m., ers of payment from the City. Chamberlain, wHl find incurred for drill rooms, since-the engine rooms couM^:to save his life.—The Canadians are now exercised upon the'matterTVJESD.AY, July 24.—Thi8 even.iDg, at 4 o'clock, theto make arrangements for the reception of the Prince of Wales.a delicate ivory whip, which i s thus made t o serve,verygracefoiiyindeed,adoablepurpose.Shedrives last,byareturnedPike'sPeaker,ofasevereIndian SergeantJohnstookawagonandwentaboutthe decreaseof7fromthecorrespondingweekoflastt'"The most elegant and recherche" turn-out a t Sara- toga this season is that o f Mrs. Bennett, t h e wife of the editor ot The N. Y* Herald; a pony phaeton,FIGHT.A SUSPICIOUS CASE OK DROWMKO.—For soma time past Mary Given, a young Irish girl, has bee*l i v i n g a s a s e r v a n t i n a r e s p e o t a b l e f a m i l y a t E y e # % ?- e v i d e n t l y b u i l t i n P a r i s . M r s . B . d r i v e s h e r p a i r - i n -From The Topeka (Kama*) Record, Aug. 4.W e l e a r n f r o m M r . D a v i d s o n o f I h d i a n o l a t h a t aCI!TT MORTALITY.—The City Inspector's report for t h e p a s t w e e k g i v e s a t o t a l o f 654 d e a t h s , e x h i b i t i n g t h e,*theBev.Mr.Jackson presentedafinancialre- fightis(»nlirmed,butnoparticularsreceived. port, and suggested that $6,000 be raisedl\ immediately tosustaintnetemperancecauseinthisState.Thesupport oftemperancejournals was next discussed. Dr.Jewett,Dr.Lintner,Dr.Marsh,theBev.Mr.in the alley which encircles the place. Dr.MitchelloftheJohnstreet MethodistEpiscopaladdition to the drowning of Mr. G . A. Btitz, a s al- sage—the . fears at one time entertained that she would Bell of Portland, bound in. readyreportedinTHETRIBUNE,ayoungman named nothaveprovisionsenoughforthevoyagehavingBichardGardiner, from Buflalo, whowasbathing graduallydissipated. Thefare forpassagetoMilford CITYINSPECTOR'SDEPARTMENT.—-The followingis imarkedthatTHETIUBI\N"£,audotherpapersfriendly thebottomofthesteam-frigateLancaster. Itisto the temperance leform, had lessened the circulation•OftheregularorganoftheSociety,hencethecallfor fearedthattheshipwillsoonhavetobedocked,tobehelptoaadTheJournalofthe..AmericanTemperancenewlycoppered.Surf-batherscannotbetoocautioushowtheyven- ture out when the under-tow is so daugerous. T h eive condition. She brought 34passengersfromAn-Abatement of Nuuanee*.Complaintsofnulsauces,Ace,received ..««.••..•••*30*Union. The Kesolutions presented yesterday werenext read and discussed, a n d passed with here a n d St. Mary s when the steamer sailed.Mr. Batz refueed to bathe; but he, with h is wife and is the ldg of the ship since leaving Annapolis:others, rashly refused to be counseled, and it is a won- Left Annapolis Saturday, 7£ a. 'na. Arrived off Cape HenrySinks and water-closets cleaned............................. 28Tthereanabridgement,alteration,oramendment.T>r.Marsh «aid that during the last six weeks ten thousand personshadbeenlicensedtosellintoxicatiagjiquorsinfrpmWashington. this State; that Greenwich in Washington County wasert where not even lager beer can De obtained as a bev- erage. Mr.Seymour(whoclaimedtobearelativeofthe pleasure of the Navy Department. She could b efittedoutforactiveserviceinafewweeks. TheCol- the ex-Goveraor), remarked that Lebanon is orado, a t the same Navy Yard, is also dismissed forDOGS,NATIVEANDIMPORTED.—Optothepresental»o a n oa*is where liquor h a s n o t been sold forfifteenyears- Dr.Marsh declaredthepresentthe present .from t h e care of the Naval Constructor.Bev.Jno.QiiincyAdamsandtheBev.StephenBem- Thiswouldserveatwo-foldpurpose,towarnthecare- Thepoundremainsopentillthe1stSeptember.CoL$1,611 79 1,'M&8S \.TU«6$4,63128ing abandoned their homes, tneir crops, and every-thing they could not carry away.. Companies were their Sunday evening halt.went to their assistance from the beach; but though ev- of those who visited her were people from the coun- House for the night. While registering their names a tbeing made up at Manhattan, Junction City, & c , for There were about 100 persons connected with thisThe Convention was called to order at 9 o'clock thismorning. Prayer was oflered by the Bev. Mr. Parr of effects upon tuat country.Albany.. T h e minutes o f yesterday's proceed- Messrs. L'Plumbeau and others, spoken of above, afternoon we saw some 1,500 persons in the congrega- ings were read ' a n d approved, after which have since been heard from; all eafe. The rumor of a tion. Of this number 1,000 were accommodated withdirectors positively assert that she will sail for Milfurd the cells. , Haven, via Halifax, N. S., on Thursday, at 4 P . M.unless speedily checked,will prove very serious in their vice there were quite 2,000 persons present, and in themarried, 35 years of age, and lived at home with his mother and sister.ARMY AND NAVYINTELLIGENCE.A court martial was in session on board the corvetteNumber of loads of night-soil removed from city limits L03< 4:10 p. m. Stopped 10 zuinutea, to leave the pilot. Anived off Dead horses removed from city limits............... S4 derthatallofthemwerenotdrowned.EverySandyHookatnoononthe13th.DistanceranfromAnnapoll*Deadcowsremovedfromcitylimits. % season accidents of this,nature occur at most of the sea- to Cape Henry; time occupied 9 boors and 10 minutes, or about Dead dogs and other small animals removed from city limits. 45CThe marine guard of the Susquehanna has arrived After having been operated on for. a whole year,' the17 4-10 miles per hour. Distance ran from Cape Henry to posi- Number of barrels of offal removed from city limits ....3,5*0 shorewatering-places;yettheproprietorsofthesere-tionoffHookatnoon,258nauticalmiles,orabout128-10nauti-UnmiundandJHteatedMeat*,Ftih,i(c.ttaxedorremovedfromr W<FV&*F??P&i' ?i'.T-.'. «V'<; *):',^Amm. M 'Tmmm •*••••: • iXKttyd'*- Mm %Z ?%-••••!' ,XA«.' •'••i* •*- ^IM%mm% m&•« >'^taremanufactured,toserveasapleasantmemorialof the past.. •' \havebeensomedeathsfromebipfeveri butthe letter" of Mr. Yancey, committed suicide on Wednes- exists. The town was destined to be borned„the peo- miles from Yonkers, were brought to a conclusion at a peared this year in their customary numbers, as. the malady is under controlFEVEH,—Thisdisorderhasnewat-_Mr.JamesS.SlaughterofAtalanta,Ga.,themanToth*Editor ofTh*N.Y.Tribune.SIRi The periodic shooting stars of Aug. 9,10, a»p-infromWaxahaehieyesterday,bringingnewsofthe high state of excitement injthat town. The conspiracy andinsurrectionaryspiritextendtothatplaceinallthe horrid forms contemplated a t this place. ThroughoutTHECHRISTIANUNxPNCAMP-MEETING.METEORSOF'AUG.9,10.fever—whichhavebeent£»onlycasespotonboard "'. for treatment this season. Yelow F e w and C loleracasesonlyaresentthere. AtWard'sIsland thereTheinterestingreligiousserriedwhich,throughout whosenamehasbecomefamiliarthroughthe"Scarlet thecountry,sofaraswecanlearn*thesamething thepastweek,havebeenheldinapleasantgrove2|ple to be poisoned and slaughtered, and the remaining j following obeervations taken here last night will tes- propertytobedistributedamongtae victoriousblacks. latehourSundaynight. This campmeetinghasbeen tify. They were made from thetopof:one ofthe OnRedOakCreek,thechiefprisonerhadbeenarrest- conceivedinaliberalspirit,andconductedbymembers'' towereofthoAlumniBuilding,byfourregularob-several executions at that place. W e have not yet r e Mere o f varying brilliancy, and more'than two thirds will eventually recover from the effect of the poison. ceived the particulars. The committee of vigilance feeling might reasonably have been expected to follow;the severe drill and self-deoiaJ ot the Zouave jpraotice. Out of the 6,500 volunteers and exempt firemen, they thinkthatastrongbattalionnrJghtbeorganized,ofit-day of last week by taking laudanum.THE EXCISE COMMISSIOWBRS.--Yeeterday wasthe absorption o f virus from a dead body which he was ed and executed. Negroes at Waxahaehie have been of various Christian churches, with a view to encour- servers, aided by two volunteers.. Between 10 p. m. hwt day for delivering Iieenses, consequently, a brisk1 ceredi and drilled according to Hardee. They propoee deprived of the ue« of his hand and arm for some time, ner in town yesterday reports that there have been tion. Notwithstanding that some confusion and ill-; hundred andsisty-fiyc different shooting stars. They oific*. About 1,200 licenses have been taken out, the bayonet sheath, cartridge box, a ZTouare cap, « iwhile several hundred applications, passed*upon and black fire coat, and knapaack with the letters 2T. Y. F**f I t was feared that the disease had progressed so far, a t have been in session all day; and chis evening tney an- a first attempt of this kind, w e are1 pleassd to learn ,j of them were true to the usual radiant in the constella- approved, remaia uncalled for. Some three hundred, { D „ and a red blanket rolled on the top. This wouldw e r e e r e c t e d , b u t n o d r i n k s t r o n g e r t h a n c l a r e t - p u n c hhand herself, carryingjauntily her parasol, attached to painful rumor was brought to that place on Saturday was suffered to be kept on sale. O n Tuesday last great increase over the week previous of 157, but a Glee Clubs—Arion, Colombia, Fidelia, FrohsInn,(Bloomlngdale), Westchester County. A young boatman of intem>^capitally, and there are few teams there that can pass fight, some three weeks since, o n the Solomon, about camp on a liquor-foraging expedition. His search was year> and of 41 from that of 185$. The death were one hundred mi es above Port Biley, in which about•\•/ , / .M u s i c C o r p s .Frohsinn (N. Y-,), Social Reformer, TamerGests.• Pnpils o f the Tarn Vereln. Tambour Corps of the Turn Vereln.Mosic Corps of the Turn Verein. N. ? . Turn Verein.peratehabitslivinginthatplace,namedArchibald' Nichols, desired to make her his wife, but she refuse*! him. Becently Mary and another beau, named' Jacob Chatham, went out sailing o n t h e river, much to tho *her ponies when she fancies t o p u t them upon their three hundred Potawatamies a n d Delawares were rewarded by the discovery o f barrels of lager, hard of men, 127; women, 95; boys, 222; and girls, 210.mettle. Aaaeen in. her carriage she looks under thirty killed. The informant says he passed directly through cider, and some whisky; which, after expostulation on Of deaths from acute disease, there wore from chol-years of age, which can hardly be, as she has a son the scene of the fight;' that the dead were all ecalped, one part, and firmness on the other, were put into the era infantum, 132; convulsions, infantile, 40; scarletsome eighteen o r nineteen years old. Prom the re- and he supposed the other party to have been Chey- fever^ 30; inflammation of lungs, 23; congestion of the marks male around me as she mounted her phaeton, ennes. Arrapahoes, &c, who were known to have wagon arid taken to Yonkers. This warning proved-it is clear that sbe is the envy of the envious of her been in that vicinity at that time. The murdered In- effectual, and since then the camp was kept clear. braic| 2; diarrhea, 19; inflammation of the brain,sexatSaratoga;aswellshemaybe,forofallthe diansaresupposedtobeapartyofsomethreeorfour SeveralYonkerthievescametothegroundsearlyiu 17; !dysentery, 13;teething, 13;inflammationstreet,wherethecompanyembarkedonboardofa andMaryimmediatelyIfftthefamilyshewaslivingladieshereassembledshecreatesthegreatestsensation, hundredPotawatamies,half-breeds,andDelawares, . go where she will. The truth is, she is the finest look- that went from this vicinity, a short time previous toing woman nere. So all the men think, which, with the rumored battle, for the purpose of hunting buffa- her notaoi hr r as the wife of her very remarkable hus- loes. Among them were Messrs. L'Flumoeau, Beau-band,isenoughtosettochatteringallthegossiping bien,Ogee,Darling,andseveralother.prominentIn- and envious tongues, especially whenever she appears, dians, well known in this vicinity, who accompanied/Whip a n d ' nbbons' in hand, either on the avenue or the expedition for ihe sake of the excitement and pleas- upon the the mshionable a n d magnificent lake-drive, ure- which it promised.of thestomach,9;smallpox,8;measles,7;cholera bargeandsteamer,-forEhnPark,wheretheTurn-feet withandcametoNew-York. SomeofNichols'* morbus, 6; diptherite, 6; sunstroke, 6 ; typhoid fever, was to be held. The turn-out was very imposing, and friends, thinking she knew something regarding hiswhere one^ sees such a sight o f mounted and d ishing wealth as is to be seen nowhere else on this continent."ly droll. The splendid music from the numerous bandsMr, Davidson himself had a very narrow escape from t h e hostile Indians, being with another party hunting buflalo, and on the day of the rumored fightcovered by the anxioas crowd, walking leisurely down yond this spot, in quest of bufialo, when they came• to the landing upon t h e Kentucky side, napping her. suddenly upon a large camp o f Indians, numbering, he view by a grove of young timber. I n a circle abouthuge ears, tae motion of which was distinctly visible thought, over 1,000. T h e Indians called themselves were pitched some twenty or thirty tents, wh.ch were upontnissideoftheriver. Everythingbeinginreadi- Pawnees,butheandhispartybelievedthemtobe variouslyoccupiedforlodging,eating,.andpraying. ness,*JLaliaKuokn'plungedintothe*Sowingwaters,'Cheyennes,as.theyhadbeenvictoriousinthefightofa Budeinscriptionsoverthedoorsofthetentsfor but was almost immediately lose to sight. Tne cooling few days before^and had driven th e Pawnees fromeffectsofthefluidwereeoagreeablethatherladyship thatvicinity. Thesavagesimmediatelysurrounded prayer,indicatedthecongregationtowhichtheirseemed disposed K neglect tue task assigned her; and, the little caravan, numbering only 1 6 men, making owners belong, and the fervent exhortations, loud-sungregardless of the expectations, of the assembled molti- hostile demonstrations, a n d would doubdess have hymns, and groans and responses of worshipers whichtades, rolled a n d splashed around a t her ease. T h e murdered them all but from a fear that other' and larger come from.withih show that they are put to their properexertions of her keeper, who piloted her in a skiff, soon parties of Potawatomies and whites were in the rear, -brought.ertoasenseofnerdaty,andshestrucxout adelusionwhichthehuntersencourageduntiltheygot use. Theorderofexerciseseachdayhasusuallybeennot see him on the river that day. Her answers satis- dose of chloroform), 1. Classified as to disease—there distributed through t h e line, and t h e elegantly em- lied all present of her entire ignorance regarding the were of the stomach, bowels, and other digestive or- broidered silken banners and flags borne in tho ranks, missing man, and she waa suffered to depart. A day—•"X*]lahPookh"is.a female elephant, belongingto a circus lately exhibiting a t Cfocianati. The fol- were only 15 miles distant, on the identical spot, onbrightened the scene and afforded a spectacle such as is 136; skin, &cM and eruptive fevers, 50; uncertain •sldom witnessed. ,Salt Creek, a tributary of Bepublican Pork, where abattle b a d been fought only four days previous, be-tween the Cheyennes. Arrapahoes, &c, and the Paw-" A t 9 o'clock, Madame 'Lalla Eookh' w a s dis- nees. His party had advanced butafew miles b e - hill, where the landscape behind is quite shut out fromgans, 241; brain and nerves, 144; lungs, throat, &c,or two since, however, the nearly decomposed body of Nichols was washed ashore at Eye, and it was immOi diately conjectured that Mary was. concerned in hit drowning. A Magistrate o f that place accordingly issued a warrant for her arrest, and a constable ar-lowing account of her passage across the Ohio is fromThe Ctnctn/iuti Commercial;His Excellency the Mayor was expecfed to review the Turners from t h e balcony o f the S t . Nicholas Hotel, but unfortunately he was out of town.the only town where no liquor license had been steam-frigate Minnesota, which returned rotten from ference, and Mr. Hammond of the Congregational At the bathing-hours, a good surf-boat and a staunch speed neatly 138-10 mfJes an hour. H«od wind ail the way. Veal—Number of pounds....granted. Mr. Antnony o f Cayuga wished to add t h e Methodist Church in Brooklyn, who preached a power-nameofUnionSprings,CayugaCounty,tothelistof Chinalastyear,hasbeencomparativelyfinished,and fulclosingsermonlastnight. Throughouttheweek crewshouldbeinattendance,outsidethelineofbreak-(Signed) WILLIAM HENRY DA VIS, Fish—Number of pounds CaptainCableDeck. Poultry—Nuaiberofpounds...temperance towns; i t is a green spot in the moral des-. is now put in ordinary and housed at Boston, waitingsermons were preached b y the Bev. Dr.* Murray of Newark,N.J.;Prof.HiramMattesonofNew-York; S.H.Piatt,editorofTheAmericanMagazine; the Bev. Mr. Haskell, missionary in Nebraska, and th eers, ready, in caaeof accident, to render needed assist- ance, and down each beach should b e stretched and anchoredaatoutrope,withloopsoflanyardrunning along it, and supported by red floats, beyond which it would b e understood that it was not safe to venture.Great Eastern, August 12, 1860. •Other Meats—Number of pounds..Street- Cleaning.Number of loads ofashes and garbage removed Amount earned by sweepers.Amountearnedbydut-cartmenAmountearnedbyash-cartmen.:/Senator Kyder called attention to the importance of dispatched from the United States after the departure The camp was under the management of a Commit-part in the debate. The afternoon session was devowd of Brooklyn. The management of the religious ser- at hand,-with a ball or float at the end, for throw- Council to prevent this importation, and also to assess r* the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.principally t o addresses, dehvered b y the Bev. Mr. battle ship, in lying hear the Colorado, but there is n oJacksonTan Indian Chief, and others. The Bev. Mr. disposition on the part of the Government either to vices was confided to the Bev. J. J. Smith, whose duty ing out to those w ho get beyond their depth.SnyderofWa'ertown,andDr.Jewett,ofBoston, completeheralterations,ortobreakherup. Mate- itwastopresideatthemeetings,andgenerallytofulfill Thus,byafewsimpleprecautions,costing*butlicenselawanAlbanymeasure,gotuptosavea Sheisalmostreadyforanydutyforwhichshemaybe ingtonoftheBaptistChurch. party—and secure forit therumvoteof theMate. detailed, andwill probably bethefirststeam-frigateless,andtoenablethoseindangerofbeingsweptout Burnham,theMayor'sMarshal,complainsthatimpo-into th e eea to catch at the. guard, and support them- sitions have been practiced in the bringing of dogs Legislative action on the Temperance question. Other of th e Susquehanna. The Pranklin, which was to tee, consisting of Dr. B. F. Hibbard of New-York, selves till assistance could be afforded. There should from New-Jersey, Long Island and Staten Island, and Kentienwn,whosenameswerenotannounced,took havebeenconvertedintoaformidablesteamline-of- JesseD.BrownofYonkers,andMr.IsraelA.Barker also,beloosecoilsoflightropeonthebeach heintends,submittinganordinancetotheCommonTotal amount.". .-.. .ANOTHERFHtE-ESCAFE.spoketoanappreciativeaudienceintheevening.The rialsforagoodgunboatcouldbegotoutofher.The thedutiesofapresidingelderinthechurch. Theex- little,wouldasenseofgreatersecuritybepro-distinguittbed visitors from aoroad left their comlort-abiequartertattheSaratogawinepalacestoattendthe sessions of this society. Dr. Hewitt, of Connecti- in th e stream, b u t a s instructions to have' her over- sented the claims of that section of country, and re- now periodically reach us, will be heard no more. , cut,apatriarchandpioneerinthecause,whoish«re hauledandfittedoutaredailyexpected,shehasnot ceivedconsiderabledonations,asalsodidtheBev.Dr.on a visit, did n o t show his face at the meeting, he- been put in ordinary trim. A rumor, not well authen-sum was met by collections taken up at the close of thestreets for the extension o f Chambers street to Jamesslip: Manyofthebuildingstoberemovedareinadilapidated condition, and, as they will be superseded There i» a rope ladder extending from the main platform to tha byelegantstructures,thewealthandbusinessOfthis escapeplatform,whichismadetoriseordescendwiththeplat-publicservices. ThemissionaryfromNebraskapre-safetyreasonablyassured. Dothis,andthemelan- cholytidingsfromthesea-shorewateringplaceswhichform. There Is also a boom and ladder reaching from the escape platform and mast, whereby an easy passage is made from win- dows, doors, and even tho roofs of high buildings.It is not only designed to permit people to escape, but also ta member of the JNew-York State Temperance Society. and th e Virginia, 74, (which was put on the stocks at about the same time. The regular camp meeting of to be filled up with, broker's clerks and briefless law- WESTCHESTER.—The Republicans of the lid Assembly allow (ho operators and managers to got upon the roofs and into" To LET."—No. 1, Bowling Green is advertised to section of ihe city will be greatly enhanced. ingham, of Connecticut, made a contribution to the so- Mediterranean fleet. The Ohio and Vermont, liners, The success-of this meeting has been of so gratifying let for offices. This dwelling, occupied for over thirty m —cause h e is opposed to prohibition. Governor Buck- ticated however, says that she may go to reinforce the Mitchell for the church in John street.ciety, .to constitute Dr. JdUwes, of Hartford, a life a nature, that it will probably be repeated next year years by the late Stephen Whitney and his femily, is SECOND REPUBLICAN ASSEMBLY CONVENTION OKThe Convention was a very pleasant affair, and in forty yeajs ago, and never launched), are the otherDistrict of Westchester County, met in Convention at buildings on fire. All is worked by one wheeL W . Waterford, N. Y. . •White Plains yesterday, to appoint two Delegates toing turned into a place of business. Thus the bast the State Convention, and five Delegates to the Con- FELONIOUS ASSAULTS.—Bichard and Henrietta Hol-many respects exceeded the expectations of the most naval vessels at the Charleston Navy Yard. the 20th inst., and promises to be a monster afikir.sanguine friende of the cause. The angel of Temper- Both commands, constituting the second general col- We were informed that" nearly two hundred,tents willthe windows, and'already the old dwelling-house is be-opments are of the most startling character, mifolding was in hot pursuit of the great Kiowa chief, LctankL the mo»t dia-xmcai plot that the wickedness of mancould invent to destroy this whole section of country. Lieut. Bayard was severely wounded. The womenand children have been held as hostages to secure theappeal this sentence was confirmed.STEALING MACHINERY.—Carieton MindenthaTwa«the Methodists of this city will be held at Sing Sing onyers. Conspicuous notices " to let " are placarded inancehasmovedthewatersofthisBethesda,anditisumnoftroopsenroutetoNew-Mexico,havebeen gressionalConvention.TheConventionwascalledtobrook.ofNo.200Henrystreet,werearrestedonSundaynight,hoped many invalids will step in and be healed.materially delayed, as we learn from an ofllcial report, by high water in the Green Biver, and a similar de- tentionwasexpectedattheBlueBiver. Ithadbeen suggestedtosendsuppliesoutfromPortGarlandto meet the soldiers.JLieut.Smith,incommandofCompanyH,FifthIn-be pitched, and a n exciting time may b e expected. The first camp meeting in this country was held in Kentucky about the year 1800, by the Presbyterians, andwasBOsuccessfulahexperimentthatotherdenom- inations adopted i t quite rapidly. For many years past camp meetings have been almost exclusively held by the Methodists in this section of the country, but atmansion on t h e Green succumbs t o t h e demands of trade.charged with having stabbed Wm. J. Colt i n the right shoulder, order by Joseph J. -Chambers, Chairman of the Dis- during a quarrel between tbem. A loaded revolver and a larsa trict Committee, on whose nomination Wm. Ward of knife were found in the Holbrooks' possession. The wound©* man was conveyed to a drag st^re, where his wounds w*r» Scarsdale,wasappointedChairman;Wm.C.Brown dressed,afterwhichthepoliceaccompaniedhimhome.Hol-THETEXASFRIGHT.THE COOPERINSTITUTE.—TheBeading-roomoftheCooperInstitutewasclosedyesterdayforamonth,in ofBye,andM.K.Couzans,wereelectedSecretaries. brook»ndhiswifewerelockeduptoanswer. W*\A letter of the 21st ult., from Dallas to The Austin State Gazette, *ays: <iEarly on Monday mornins an affray occurred in the third story The roll of Delegates having been called, it waa* of ahouse at the cornar of Franklin and Baxter streets* between JohnKaliuskiandMitchellPomp,duringwhichthelatterwasj found that every town in the district was fully repre- severely cut with a razsrintbe hands of KAlinskL On Pomp Women. Thisadditionwillenablethat school to re- sented,withtheexceptionofPelham. beingconveyedtotheNew-YorkHospitalitwasascertain***tha* thetemporalarteryhadbeensevered,andthatbehadsustained The following resolution, offered b y Joseph J , other Injurios of a serious nature. Justice Kelly committed Kft*0. W. B .The excitement, consequent upon the revelations fantry,arrivedatSantaFeonthe20thofJaly. The the Westtheplanof meetings held,likethisone,by madebynegroesunderexamination,continuesuna- nextcolumnoftroopsfromUtahwasexpectedtoar-ceive300pupils,morethantwiceasmanyaseverbe-fore. Therearealreadymoreapplications foradmis- Chambers,wasadoptedbyacclamation:bated. Aiready nearly a hundred blacks have been ar- rested and examined separately before a committee o vigilance appointed for that purpoae. This committeeseveral denominations in concert, has latterly beenmen of this county, whose proceedings have been char- Kiowas and Camanches. He states that two of theRemaining on Aug. 3 . . .Admitted to Aug 10.... Discharged, oured or relieved.. 3 0riveonthe25th.Additional newB h a s been received from Major much in vogue.linskitoanswer.. . ,consist* of tne most respectable aad responsible gentle- Sedgewick's command (six Companies), in search of LIBERTY OF THE PKESS IS SAXONY.— The Indicator, .triple the efficiency of one of the best features of the ized the administration, of Gov. Morgan, entitles him to the con- 10, I860", • i • •of Dresden, some weeks ago, published a n article against Capital Punishment oh its occasion of an exe- lend their assistance, and ready to quell every disturb- women and children; besides, a lot of mules and po- cution. The. paper was seized, and the editor and theState Convention from this District, are hereby requested to use all proper etfort for his ionomination. " ' o •24 9• •'Died 5 93 Remaining at date 170Males, 241; Females, 27.Hi*9acterized b y t h e utmost prudence a n d moderation. Crowds o f men a r e i n Dallas, anxious and eager to8 2principal Indian. warriors were killed, a n d sixteenance that threatens the peace of the State The devel- nies were captured by Capt. Steele. Major Sedgewick author of the article condemned to imprisonment. O nbeen altered and greatly improved. .At the town of Lancaster the same general plot was reveakd—tobumthetown;topoisontheinhabitants; safetyofemigrants.- to nmrntikinnift the aged females, and to seize and appro-priate the young and handsome ibrtheir viliahaous pur-poses.ple,fromallpart*ofthecountry,ishereawaitingthederangeznontotmind.Sheaucceededinluuictuigaaerlouahowever,isawardedtoherinteriorarrangements. onlythreepatients—nowconvalescingfromyellowensuingyear.1 Barclay street The prisoner admitted taWo* theptofOT*action of the committee of vigilance. The stage camewound, hot it nt not considered dangerous.;.„ 98!!.-«"•* •>.* •.'•&**' >V'J# «•#•> ;••«* • *iATTzMPTzn'SuicioE.—Maria Bott, a German girl,her complement of coal and passengers she will notMosDAY, July 23.—An immense concourse of peo- h*r throat on Sunday night, while laboring under a temporary surpass the best steam vessels iu speed; great praise, tained in the Upper Bay. The Floating Hospital has17 y*ar» of «««, living at No. 164 Second utreet, attempted.to cutThere are about twenty-five vessels temporarily de-•••••' • • - 'committed to the Tombs yesterday by Justice Welsh for bavJa* stolen 4250 worth of xnacMnery from Albert H. wri«M«r»J.Untitled Document^^WiWW ^IWi^WI^^^^^^^^^^HThomas M.309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069wmmmm$*$$$&r#&T^;;www.fultonhistory.comTryniskiery effort was made to resuscitate them, they were pasttry. Although the wind was blowing with great vio-e- • ' ' ' " .'"'••''.threeringleaders,Sam,Cato,andPatrick,werees- Yonkers,theneighborsgtowns,andthiscity,tocreate duringwhichtime1'55meteorswereobserved.The themselvesamongthedelinquents. Thosefailingto beusedforthatpurpose. Asthe.avowedobjectoffcorted from the jaU; under a strong guard, to the place disturbances a t t h e camp, b u t the.prompt action of moon,.in the last quarter, rose about 11 o'clock^ and call f o r their license, b y a resolution o f the Board, those engaged in getting up the organization is to keepjg,Of full-dress. The Mantree.1 Witness says:»" Persons waiting upon the Prince of Wales, at the negroes assembled. As they passed through the town, tual in quelling them. W e learn from the Sergeant ness. The Aurora Boreah's was visible all night; aud the license fee and th e legal costs. Doubtless largeof execution. An immense concourse of citizens and Sergeant Johns and his squad of men has proved effec- many meteors were doubtless concealed by her bright- passed yesterday, may receive the same on payment of the firemen out of bad habits, it deserves success.Mrvees to be he!d throughout the Province, must be in they surveyed with composure the ruins of the once occasionally- Bhoweu groups o f fine streamers. T h efull-dress—namely,ei*heramilitaryor:ecclesiastical flourishingtownthatnowlayablackenedmassbefore thatthemenunder biscommand have shown, skywasnearlyclearduringthewholetime. This numberswillinthiswayprocuretheirlicenses.ThosetBATTLEOFCHSTRUBUSCO.—TheScottLife Guard, composedoftheoldcompanionsinarmsofGon.Scott during the Mexican- war, commemorated the annrrer-1 saryof the battles of Contreras aud Churubusco yes- terday, b y a n excursion to St. Bonan's Well, near Flushing. They were accompanied by many friends, and spent the day agreeably.of£610s.atleastforadress-coat. Thisisasmall parallelednonchalance,diedwithachewoftobacco comfortsforthe"innards:"1 Greenpears,apples,and thatbidfairtolastfarintothenight. Wefear,how-1 drewforthalargeportion*ofourGermanpopulation. ing$5,000inbills,whenawell-dressedmancameup matter,asCounselorPepyssaidofthetearinhis inhismouth,andrefusedtomakeanystatementwhat- otherprovocativesofcholera-morousweretobehad ever,thattheraindidnotfallfarenoughoutoftown Atan.earlyhourtheSaengerbundsandmilitarycom- anda8kedhimthewaytotheJerseyFerryuTh«1S^°fm>or a ^mtof-black,thecoatbeingadress-coat, them. Patrickremainedcalmandcollectedduringthe greateffectivenessiutheperformanceoftheirduty, that i*, Dot long all round, but with tails only behind. whole day, and betrayed no remorse nor feeling what- and by their firm but conciliatory manner prevented Why this shook! be considered full-dress more than the ever in view of his approaching doom. He it was who all disturbances..woeks^os^, which is both fuller and more suitable every fired the town, and tne night alter its destruction glori-morniDgthecityisshroudedinmist.New-Haven, Coon , Aug. 10, i860.v.c,H.failingtocallwillbethefirstagainstwhomsuitswill be commencsd for illegal rum-selling.• /ag's reply, a slybriefandto notimagine;butthedecisionsofcustomaaafashionr:;|.:.CITY ITEMS., • < » . . ,"Way, and which is worn in military uniforms, we can-fied himself ior the deed, and pronounced it only thecommencement of the good work. .Sata'Smitoy somake no preteusioim to common-sense. W e think, called from the name of his master, was au old negro stony road,Just wife enough for one wagon, to thehowever, n is somewhat ill-judged to require a rigor- preacher, who had imbibed most Of his'villainous prin-citizen who has long discarded the swallow-tail for the much intercourse with hioa. Catohad always enjoyed of ancient appearance, venerable pies, cuts of cold bam cool wind, with a succession of light showers, which Annual Parade and Festival of the German Turners porter of the Greenwich street Savings Bank wagmore sensible eurtout, and who will not he able to pay a bad reputation. They met their fate with a com- of New-York took place yesterday, and.the occasion his reelects to the Prince without going to the expense posure worthy of a better cause. Patrick, with u n - and beef, ealeratus biscuits, and such like suspicious culminated last evening in a good downright soaker,ten," h e eaklj i been f o r t h e eworkingmax* n through the lusiaaxn.3it was thought- | d accounts man E 1a domino, and Deigned is thisU'> a r e d a c o s t u m e crown-jewels, a?toeclipseallThe Emperor o be enchanted,%• •- 2 a h i n t a s t o d on his sweet- ce, a few hours i?, hard-hearted strictlyforbade sat was so con-sfcEmbassyat Acity from one i. a plateau inof Charles V« ariis induced to ed that the pla- tfcere was eveno Cellini, and Ee. when King" had been lost On. however,Oirector of the o Mx. Sterling, lintJnst,**Mr» eas only a copy theLouvreat was not worth aBalances that he Tribunal o flargeoffraud, oonthe*imprisK tz appealed to Id that he had hehadhimself tding -the pur- j connoisseurs B accordinglyjustopeneda Elba,Itcon- iy a n d jewelryis also a curi- irtetoTalma, svegetatingioibhc, my good •»mestarve; vement, when, rselfmorethan id Koeeignoll,or. elsewhere unate* Two with the pab-in?jt 'purcx which we aret, then, regret Whoknows jain? Isawi a trne friend. > keep them? i last farthing, t xny service 1 a*-uloutofthe td. how happy otdependon& »'APAKTE,"itbeenpostedk>rp8d'Annee *esofsuicide ler his orders. >againmakeof the 28th of Whatever may pey show lessrytothelaws condemned by >on1.,under yith reproba- er of the day, ife to a soldierTheMarshalyo» underhis ; enhanced i n theywillbe estrongand e of failing in AGNAX."the Emperor vfeinthatcity e morning of intransform* > a ball-room, eens. From? svoy, and re? We,Valence,,wherethey n^eetingswerewellattendeddayandevening.Many, A sharp rain yesterday morning brought the heatedousadherencetoOld-Worldetiquetteinthisfreeand ciplesfromtwoAbolitionpreachers,BluntandMcKin- camp-groundonthehill. Theroutewaslinedwith termtoatermination,sometimebeforeNew-YorkersANNUALFESTIVALOFTHETURNERS.—Thetentheasycountry. Theremaybemanyaloyal,worthy ney,wholivedinthecountryayearbefore,andhad refreshmentbooths,atwhichweretobefoundcakes wereoutofbed,andalldayyesterdaywehadastrong,ADARING THIEF.—Aboutnoonyesterday,the> leaving the Greenwich Bank with a package contaia- •The approach to the grounds from the Yonkers roadThe Empire City Begatta Club will hold their sixth annual regatta on the 10th of September, when the sum of $400 will be awarded as prizes.was through a narrow entrance-and by a steep andsnatchedthepacketandranoff.Sosuddenwereth* place. The evidence obtained before the Committee The eating booths, however, around the camp-grouud dayjj in the Directors' room of the Merchants' Bank, o'clock, when, under the Marshalship of E. O. Beruet, time to make any resistance, and before he could raisecostomes,aswethinkthatthewholeofthatpartofthe vestigationsarestillgoingonthroughoutthecountry, regrettosaynodoctor'ssignhungatthetentdoorsto )••:iprogramme would be more honored in the breach than the observance."allot which tend to confirm the facts elicited at this show that the antidote was waiting near the bane. A{ meeting of merchants will be held at 2 p. m. to-—The Saratoga correspondent'of The Star has the f- UowiDg:Washingtonwill be published in due time.TERRIBJLE INDIANitself were of a much more attractive nature, and thespread of the tables much resembled that' which isfound in the farm-houses of New-England. In someof the morepretentious outside eating tents, long barsline Was formed, and soon after the procession took up march in the following order:The Feat Committee. . Mnsio Corps of the Saengerbund.The N. Y. Saeogcrband (UnitedUlee Clubs).. ; Humoristic Societies—KrakeUA and' Oambrinia.any alarm, the thief had escaped. 'wmmwTmm^w^^tfr. ••:/theweek,butastheofficerskepttoosharpawatch upon them they took their departure.'Alongside t h e winding road which led to the camp, scoresofteamsandsinglehorsesweretethered,andatpeople passing o u t and in. The camp ground is in a climatie-or season, there were: Drowned, 7; delirium Zoeglinge marched by the flank and looked exceeding- that she knew nothing whatever o f Nichols, and didbeautiful grove of whitewood trees, whose leafy tops :highupin air gave good shelter front t h e sun, and whose stra'ght slim trunks formed convenient rests for the weary backs of the worshipers o n the benches. The preaching-stand with its wide sounding-board was placed a t the westerly side on. the very^brow of theLateintheafternoontheTurnersgaveavery manlullyintothestream.Attimesnothingbuttheclearoftheirtroublesomevisitors.Thefightbetweenasfollows:At6o'clockinthemorning,aloudblastonWestIndies,1each.Therewere84deathsatthepleasinggymnasticexhibition,andasfeatafterfeatend of her trunk would be visible, then the top of her the Cheyennes and Pawnees w as witnessed by a the horn summons the inmates of the tents to prayer head, and again she would dive entirely out of sight, couple or pioneers who we're at the Jtime hunting buf- meeting, which is kept u p until 8 o'clock, when a llremaining under water until those on shore began to falo, and was described b y them a s being a fearfulthinkshewasdrowned,whenofasuddenshewould scene.'Thecombatantsnumberedsomethousands, handsadjournforbreakfast. Themeal"done,prayercome to the surface with a surge that would throw her were all mounted, and kept constantly circliag, lying is resumed, and continued until 10£ o'clock, when the huge bulk half-way out of the water. Thus she pro- down in their saddles, and firing over their horses' first sermon of the day is preached; A t noon, thepublic institutions, of which 2 5 were a t Bellevue was performed the spectators loudly cheered and ap-Hospital, 10 a t th e Alms House, Blackwell's Island, plauded. I t was contemplated to terminate the fes- trict of Queens County, comprisingthe towns of Flush- and9atBandall's-IslandNurseryHospital. There tivitieswithagrandopenairballintheevening,but ing,NorthHempsteadandOysterBay,wasconvened!were 4(5 Coroner's cases, and 65 interments in Potter'sceeded, until opposite t h e Covington ferry landing, necks as they approaohed the enemy. T h e fight lasted horn blows for dinner, and after dinner comes another when on amusing incident occurred. T h efleetof skins two hours. Quite a number were killed—their inform-Field. .1 •' '• .v ' ' , ' ' •at Roelyn on Saturday last, at Ketchum'a Hotel, pur> ther pleasure and t h e company were compelled to re- suant to previous notice, fo r t h e purpose of selecting turn home early in the evening. Delegates to represent the District at Syracuse. Tinvwhich accompanied her upon her trip became so numer ants did not know how many—and at the end of that season of prayer until % when the second service i sTHE 'DANGERS OP SURF:BA THING.—On Saturdaybusttfie pleasure-seekersat LongBranch, were BETURNOFTHEGREATEASTERN FROMANNAPO- Hempstead,(withMessrs.PriceofOysterBay,an* shockedbyacasualtywhichresultediuthelossof LIS.—TheGreatEasternnolongerawakensasensa- PottsofFlushingasAlternates),werechosena* two liveB. While Dr. O. Dummer^ of Jersey City, and tion, her arrival'occasioning no excitement whatever. Delegates, and were requested to use their influenee t«ous a s t o seriously incommode h e r ladyship, when, time the Pawnees broke aad run, with the Cheyennes held. This lasts two hours, and is followed by anotherbecomingindignant,sheturnedaboutandgavethem afterthem. . " prayer-meetinguntilsupper-timeat6o'clock. Anotherchase.Theresaltwassomerowiugwhichwouldhave' ItwastheoriginalintentionofMr.Davidson'sparty prayer-meetinguntil7\,andthencomestheevening put even the famous Harvard Boat (Club to the blush. to have accompanied t h e band of Potawatomies and sermon. By this time it has grown dark; the grove i sothy Titus of Oyster Bay, and E. J . Downing of NortftOneoftheskiffsshepursuedtothebank.Theconse-Delawaresspokenof,butbysomedefectinthear- Mr.JohnWhhtaker,ofTrenton,werebathingwithaSheismooredatheroldanchorageatthefootofHam-securethereuominationofGov..Morgan.Strongres-quence was, that, allowing due calculation for the rangement tney did not meet at the piace appointed for. illuminated by globe lanterns, and th e scene is very mond street. Yesterday two steamboats, the Ethan olutions were passed in his favor, and the urjammou*forceoftheenrrent,soastoma&ealandingatthere- therendezvous,andthetwopartiestook diiferent picturesque. Giventhecircleoftents,tetheredhorses partyofladies,thelattergotbeyondtheirdepth,,andInadditiontotheaboveinformation,Mr.D.informs us that great excitement prevails throughout the fron- tier settlements,, on account of Indian depredations;grove,thedead,silencearoundbroken,onlybythe bark of dogs, groups of women and children gatheredhastenedtotheir relief, and succeededinreacuing betweenthepierwheretheticketofficeisIojatedandthe"rightmanfortherightplace."• *ALEAPFORLIBERTY.—OnSundaynightthepolio*5. Of deaths from chronic disease there were: Con-every window along the line of march was crowdeddisappearance, followed her here, and at their instiga-seat and general fevers, 46; heart a n d blood vessels,10; premature birth, 10; old age, 7. There were under1 year of age, 225; 1 to 2,113; 2 to 5, 51; 5 to 10, 21;10 to 1^,5; 12 to 15, 4 ; 15 to 17, 3 ; 17 to 20, 4; 20Upon reaching the Park th e Turnfest was com- rived here on Monday morning to execute it. He wa*Passengers must be o n board a t 3 o'clock. Nearly seatsontherudebenches,andthereststoodthicklynearthePavilionHotel,HighlandsofNevereink.In 200ticketshavebeensecuredforherhomewardpas- AdriaticpassedtheFulton,from.New-York,offthaAnothe^ and a similar accident occurred on Sunday,On Wednesday afternoon, let instant, the steamerChurch,whohashadlongexperienceincampmeet- nearby,wasalsocarriedoutandlostbytheunder- Havenwillbe$130,andtoHalifax$25. ascheduleoftheworkoftheBureauofSanitaryla-The North Star brings to th e Constructing Bureau ings, declares this to have been one of the most har- tow.Seely, the Bev. Mr. Farr, Mr. Day, M r . Montaigne,and others, participated inthe debate. It wasre- oftheNavysamplesofdecomposedcoppertakenfrom moniousandsuccessful•he has everattended. ThereThe great ship is nok in a very cleanly and attract- spection for the week ending Aug. 11:havenotbeensoviolentandstriking manifesta- tions as at some meetiogs, but a steady and quiet in- fluencehasbeenatwork,whichhebelieveshasre-, suited in many conversions. jOh Sunday there were four services/and sermons were preached by the Eevs. Dr. Mitchell, J . J . Smith, President of the Protestant Methodist Conference; S . A. Baker, President of the Wesleyan Methodist Con-napolis, where she also took on 1,900 tuns of coal, andComplaints for which no cause existed....., C eeawaseothreateningthatmostofthepartywith willtakeon1,500morefromthiscity.Thefollowing NoticesBorrcd 205 Abatementsofnuisances,undernotice....... TT9cal miles per hour Allowing one knot an hoar for a southerly t the city. sorts do not appeal* to* do anything to prevent them. current lrom C»pe May u p t o t h e Hook, will give the ship's Beef—Number of pounds<• 7 0 9930. . . . . . . . . . . . i , l l »299 .1,046order to allow of some alterations to the galleries to fitthemforoccupancybytheSchoolof.Designforsion than can be granted. This addition will nearly Resolved, Tbat the integrity and, fidelity which has character- Cooper Union. The Chemical Lecture-Boom has also fidence of the People of the State, and that the Delegates to thoNEW-YORK HOSPITAL.-—Weekly Report to AugtwftSurgioeaL Medio*!. Total. .178 88Benson Ferris, jr. of Greenburgh, and John C. Fer- THE QUARANTINE.—The port is unusually healthy guson of Mt. Pleasant, were ujtianiinously elected Del- for this eeason of the year, and t h e arrivals of sick egates to the State Convention, and Thomas Addis Em-crews and passengers few and far between. There melt and George E. Waring, Alternates.mEdmund J. Porter, Thomas H. Benedict, L. B. Tripp, AdmiralmadehertrialtripfromSt.Petersburgto —theHickory, Prerogative, Parthenon andJohn JacobFosha>anjWilliamCornell,wereelectedCon- andgavesuohinformationasledtoUsxeoovery.The Abeille du Nord states that the steamship Grand Cronstadt i n 7 8 minutes, and that when loaded withare only four vessels now detained in the Lower BayFerguson, and they a r e there but f o r short periods.gressional Delegates.Joseph J. Chambers, William S. Morse and StephenC.-Griffin, were appointed District Committee for the: I'.'.' (AdTertuNsmeatJ GURNEY'S GALJLKRY.Numberoflaborersemployed timeduringthisseason4,293dogshavebeentakento Numberofcartsemployee-J; •.-<J;:v: PThe procession passed through Grand street, Essex chagrin of Nichols. He immediately procured a small street. Avenue A , Fourth street, Bowery, Bleecker boat and started after them, siuce which time he ha* <street, Broadway, and Canal, to the toot of Springnot been seen alive. This occurred on the &hinst.fsumption,89;marasmus,infantile,39;dropsyinthe withpeople. TheTurners.were,asusnal,attiredin tionshewasarrestedbyDetectiveBennett,andtakesalmost any hour of the day, might be seen streams of head,|30; debility, infantile, 9.; dropsy, 8. Of deaths their unique uniform, composed of linen pants and to Headquarters for examination. Mary rcadfly an-from external a n d other causes, h o t depending on jacket, with red sash and black slouched hats. T h e swered all the questions propounded t o her, statimjtremens, 5; intemperance, 1 ; suicide, 3; poison (over-,to25,3l; 25to30,22;30to40,66-,40to50,37;50 mencedwithagrandvocalandinstrumentalconcert, referredtoDetectiveBennett,andthegirlwillbear-accession to the company, and at one time over fifteen thousand people were upon the ground.to 60, J|6; 60 to 70, 22; 70 to 80, 13; 80 to 90, 4. O f4 of Prance; of Scotland, Italy, and unknown, 3 each; of'Prussia, 2 ; o f Austria, British America, China, Denmark^thesea,Sweden,Switzerland,andthebility is that Nichols, being both drunk and excited, fell from his boat into the river and was drowned..FIRST ASSEMBLY CONVENTION o r QUEENS COUNTT.andfarm-wagonsdimlyseenintheobscurityofthe criedforassistance.ThedoctorandhiscompanionAllenandtheJ.L.Lockwood,pliedeveryhalfhour expressionofthedelegatesseemedtopointtohizxw.atquiredpoint,itbecamenecesdarytotakeherashore routes.andlethvrtryairesnstart. Thesecondtimeshestart-ed a short distance below th e mouth of the Licking,and procteded diagonally across the river, diving andrisingwitha'blow'attimes,andlandingsafelyatthe thatmanywhiteshadbeenkilled;also,thathemet aroundthefires,overwhichthepotshang,andone thattheyweresweptoutbytheundertow,andbeforefoot of Pace street, thus giving the whole line of spec- many families o n their way to the larger settlements, might. fancy himself in a n encampment of California assistance could reach them, both perished. The bo- were b u t few more on. account of the threatening of the Eleventh Ward arrested three drunk and dis- tatorsafoflt;viewofheryariorjiances."the ladies, but the effort so exhausted the gentlementhe ship, conveying visitors without extra charge. U p to four o'clock the visitors numbered 1,700, and therecarrybigwiththemtheirentirehouseholdgoods,hav- emigrantswhoareconductingreligiousservicesdaring dieswerespeedilypickedupbyspatefishermen,who shower,whichsoondescended. Alargeproportion orderlyrowdiesandconveyedthemtotheStatien-afterwhichthecompanyrambledoverthegroundsrested and returned to Rye. Since the interview be^ thewholenumber469werenativesoftheUnited amusingthemselveswithvariousgamesandother tweenMaryandthepoliceofthiscity,thelatteren- States,; 114 of Ireland; 37 of Germany; 11 of England; pastimes. During t h e afternoon there was a great tertain no doubt of her entire innocence. The proba-the heavy rain that fell toward night-fall barred fur-26C JW* .6,461 the dog-pound, for which the City has j)aid $1,073 25. Number of loads of street dirt, filth, &o., removed.......... 7,7*1;a tax on those kept within the City limits.CHAMBERS-STREET EXTENSION.—Work.hasbeen ventedonemuchsuperior. Mineisconstructeduponacarriafo(tho purposes of escape, and this is of a very light structure. Tbim escapeplatformismadetoplayupanddownamastbymeansof chainsandropestoanydesiredbight,andinaninstantoftime.ifljf.—A Convention of Delegates of the 1st Assembly Dis-SIR: I saw in your daily of the 11th inst. a notice of a new fire escape invented by Mr. McCord of Sing Sing, N. Y., andfromthoflightdescriptiongivenofit,IbelieveIhaveiswNo. 70T Broadway.' _''__'L'' '^_ •_ ' ' ' 