 S fM*aVelectors for the State of • , ond are hereby au ry note bill to the amount of ten millions. voutothe United States vs. Booth, where the present. Congress itself to consider, ft must be admitted that n > a life-like pic.ure of abolitionism in its principles, its spi- Btrife and bloodshed in these days as in thefirstages of thajfiMWrAND 1*CT!'f a n y <tr.J ,soaous, which ta the mostbranches, or the fruit? But 11 laml^te^igna^toaca?jnuiT* the tV"* Executive Magtetrate of the Union is con- federal efficc-rs to the performance of their regular duties1 but this is confined by article 4, section 4, cial grounds that slavery to an undesirable system, abolition Btotasepaert a^etner, at a anWHOLEMORNING KDmON-JOMmATHE NEWtanla equal to thevote of the people, applkw forto alaTery, upa Fourth,It prohibit theHERA^t^fifv^mk**^********1******'*TheConventionelection returns from dietrictBwhich for cooperation ta 1862 show a great revolution hipublic opinion, the rote in favor of separate beingtwentytooneagainstit.ANTI-ABOLITION OUTBBBAK IN BOSTON.The Union lovesa were at work again today. The Twenty-eighth Congregational Society held a religious meeting at Music Hall. The house was crowded. Thekeaapthat legal raaaaa for tailsTheStates withtoat tha proper portBat the functionswhere at or within the p,;7fineshiptothe customhou,.spot. If the custom house wremoved to another building;shore, be might go an board akeeps within the port he ta willThe right of the general.- »- -w-y. „-^_...—r'-rtj-^fryfMsfflnV "n.itrtetaad positive aggression upon its property or its ofltoers cannot bedenied. ButthistoatotallydiaWentthinsfroman offensive war to punish the people for the political mis deeds of their State government, or to prevent a threatviolation of the constitution, or to enforce an ac knowiedgment that the government of the United States Is supreme. The States are colleagues of one another, and if some of them shall conquer the rest and holt them as subjugated provinces, it would totally destroy tha whole theory upon which they are now connected.iwkhaatovo»taf to ansa•mturmnoaimcowu.inCongress,nutted into the Union,la with Unoriginal notinterferewithslavery of law, nor shall it from one stove Statedto<. David, s a | ivine judgments upon thef not more prudent, go totledged wickedness and teach that they ought not to canalTlveSoitkenSutesFtfflBgOnebyOneMi fa *-*** of Secession.l, %'%i'^^%i*>^>^fcf %^.^WiN,PW N^^>^VS^%i^/»OfAJaiam«f tatt AtttnMrfGeneral of toe UnitedOBnasasanani ^ ^ ^ ^pn» n^^p^p ^ ^ ^ ^ • •' ^ •ata)aan#unaoBnf*^tsaf*f**a«fW»»^f*f**»it m y toy btthevaryiMr.TtiDyke,ifBmklyi,|TMPOBTAKT PROCEBMNGB OF THE SOUTH- ERN CAUCUS I » WASHINQTON.terofJohoM. Botta, which appears hitaaAlexandria vention of thepeopleto deterL.uewhatNorthCarolka Gaiettetomorrowmorning,onthesubjectofeooteelmi shalldotothepresentcrista.He will take strong ground against the right to secede,thePresident inacertaincontingencytodirec customhousefor'anycollectiondistrictbe«and kept in any secure place within some portof such district, either upon land or on board aa*' But this provision was temporary, and expired all of the session of Congress next afterwards. It upon the Executive s> right to remove the site oltionism ta evil and only evil, root and branf lag, toy Rev.Henry J. Vsm Dyke. andleaf andfruit;thatttspringsfromsadtaIDee. 9, Ufa. iMratary Cobb has oomptatod his tottter to the peopleWhat the People U-uk a. ' Say, de.legally cstablihshed port of entry for the district—that right he had before—but it widened his authority so as to allow the removal of it to any port or harbor within•*•<•place to which merchandise is ii. > ,Dee.»,i8eu negroDouglassdeliveredthelecture, ATtorthelecture, ttisexported. Ittocreatedby1then the Unton must utterly perish at the moment whenCongress shall arm one part of the people against another shedding of blood. Maw, tt ta act for me foranypurposebeyondthatofmerelyprotecting.tho IJEJL*B..ttl?'"V*1"*"•*to*balr general government to the exercise of its proper consti- principles. It to not for me to decidetutional function*. lam, very respectfully, yours, kc., To the PWBHDSST of the United States.'THE CHARACTER ANO INFUENCE OF ABOLITIONISM.^^#%^s*a^Ba^^sw^**«%»^^#^^^pdespatch to a Southern fire-eater informing he, Ltoeota, mnow dealared by the|actioo of College to be rrathleut elect, ha shall noto issue a manifesto that will be perfectly to the South. There a not the slightest foun-for the report. Mr. Lincoln does not make hit v lews known through any such sources.caused great excitement andfinallyended in a row. Oae put out of the hall.IMPORTANT FROM NORTH CAROLINA, TBB CAILING OF A 8TATX CONVKNTTON TODECIDE ON TUB SECESSION QUESTION.RAUBOH, Dee. 8,1800.I The Joint Select Committee en Federal Relations havenothing but an open roadstead, or galbe river, or at aay other place rive and discharge or take to " heads the city or town whichtooocu merchants, and others, who areof importing and exporting goods,~narij and furnishing them with provisions. much of the water adjacent to the city as Eied by vessels discharging or receiving iamid apptaodtog multitudes In the city ofringatanchorandwaitingforthatpurpose AtOttfiftarifllittttaln,IfHilev. Considerableinterestismanifestedheretoseethelet- agreedtoreportenWednesdaynextabilltocallaCon- ThefirstsectionoftheactofMarch2,1S33,aEton First Presbyte-rian Cnnrcb. of Brooklya Irftat Even- name,andbyHishelp,toshowthatthtatreeofand will appeal to Virginia to standfirmlyby the Union. A South Carolina democrat, holding an office under the present republican House, who fought gallantly to Mexi- co,and wnowouhd prefertoremainto theUnionif his State would dose, said yesterday that South Carolina would have to take Fart Moultrie asamatterof necessi-GEORGIA.•>UB MACON COBJtBavoNDENCE.Cttoton streets, Brooklyn, waa densely crowded last avontof With a highly intelligent congregation, who lis teaat' with marked interest and attention to a discourse fromthen*pastor,Rev.HenryJ.VanDyke,ontheCharac tor tntAjaawie of Abolitionism from a scriptural point of view* la his opening supplication the reverend gentleao real benefit to the enslaved, and is the fruitful iof division and strife and infidelity hi both church and State. I have four distinct propositions on the snhjset to maintain—four theses to nail up and defend:—L Abolitionism has no foundation In the Scriptures.II. Itsprinciples have been promulgated chiefly bpMisrepresentation and abuse.DX It toads, ta multitudes of and by a logicalfordafly. daytaat.j"will probablyBitFlorida snows perfect unanimity in"domesticto Insure,their bound toad enmity and armed hostility afjfce coantiT, taateei et (heapstsjitartosfBtjMptoftaryejsdeat tatowhioh II Andpaawsl perceive it ta tost here thatabo. * prenerflstaatuforiltonittsiisitotaaBrw"*^^Sr^ 7 ^ ^ r ^ »'** ^*as»*rveaaBTpaBaa ana wnwwps oae great purpose of thetall, to show what tt sta _»l»Jf» #*rto* taat ntovehoUtag "ta sta, axd oughtabsurd report is in circulation that Mr. Liacota sent he saade some remarks relative to free speech which harbor or haven, far it may be es;the man who preaches thta doctrine to braveMAC :., Ga.,Dec. 8,1860MeSentimento/ Ou South—Hi:.herebe Secession?—customhouse,notmerelyto anysecureplacewithintheThe revolutionary feeling here s<*( .s to be a deep seat - «fGeorgia,anditfxjllbemadepublicinadayortwoty,andholdit,asherprincipalpointofdefenceagainstedsentimenttothebosomsofall-sesofpeople,al-thewholedistrict.TheenactmentofthattawandthemanPMJMthatProvidencewouldblessourSouthernIV.Itisthechiefcauseofthestrifethatagitatesanitlimitation of it to a certain period of time now past, is brethren and restrain the passion of the evil among B* avows the moat ultra ssalBanBlB, and scouts the Man what now threatens that State to the event of secession, though with differing degrees of itu- usity. Those who not, therefore, an argument against the opinion above ex- then* that the master might be made Christ's servant,the danger that threatens our country. 1.—ABOUtSOWSM B U S WO rOTTOAT102» E» BCBUWVSa.Passing by the records of the patriarchal age, and waving the question as to those servants in Abraham'aaimatanutteraadfinalseparation frosathe non-stave- holding States are the fewest to number, but the mostI learn from a direct source that the menare 11thestraff1*betweentheNorthsadtheSouth,andalreadypicked,aadareprincipallyconcentratedexcitedinactionandviolentinexpn->km;whileamongactof1833,bothofwhichweremadetemporarybytheOirist«adBtaApostlestowhichthereisneitherGreekScripture,"wereboughtwithhtamoney,"totas< p r f - " - the dear and unqooittoeal right of a State to Charleston, who are tor be assigned tha the majority there is at bottom a love Or the Union our eighth section, should be re-enacted, is a question for the once to the tribunal of that taw which God ifathers made and a desire to perpetual • the benefits it Legislative department. nor Jew, tnSRTVtV female, band nor free, but aU are one amid the solemnities of Sinai. What said the law it« Mosae. His views are daunetricaUy opposed duty of taking Fort Moultrie. Ladders fo conferred, provided the fraternal klfa which pervaded * Your right to take such measures as may seem to be in Christ Jesus. ra> atao prayed that God would bless the testimony to that peculiar people or-er whom God H those Of tho* President, so much so, indeed, scaling the walls are constructed and other preparations necesFnry for the protection of the public property to the people of the Northern States, restrain the violence ruled and for whose institutions He has assumed the re- HalthemometfttheyarepublishedhewillbearemadefortheattackTheassaultingpartyareonlythespiritinwhi«hthefederalcompactwasonceheldveryclear.Itresultsfromtheproprietaryrightsofthooffanaticalmen,provltoforthosewho,bythaagitisponsibility?Theanswertointhe26thchapterofLeviti-tm tayoamnromtoeoradjustmentoanbemadewiththe whichalldeclaretobehersolemnIntention.jkrtB, OB discusses at great length the issues involvedportofentry. Whetherthefirstahdfifthsectionsoftho tbersardtodtoChrtottanlovetathat church foundedby family, who,tothesimple hatexpressivetangtagn«tthat their commit to any courte of action in Congress. Th-y aud no earthly power could arrest the tide of dissoiu- taa, sad that the only question to be considered Is oae a*reconstruction. WiththemthapropositionofSenatorposition j of wbject b a d wartfederal affairs, been taken o a tItto.rumored here to-day that Governor Hicks,of Maryland, has decided to call together the Legislature of that State to consider the present national crisis.It is said by many to-day that the Union feel- tog is strengthening. Tha partly grows out of the fact that devetopes itself that the disunion panicnowprevailingresultsmainlyfromtheactionofby the leading men here that there will be 'co-ope. .tionof five, and probably of eight, States, and that in Cieseforce to take possession of any land to which the United States had title, though they had never occupied it be- fore, though a private party claimed and held it, and though it wss not then needed nor proposed to be usedChrist, and to the doctrine which is according to godli- ness,them as a possession^ they shall be your bondmen for- ever."Hetegis-quite unwilling4. He to proud, knowing nothing but doting about questions and strife of words whereof cometh envy,Jewell, to raise a select committee, met with no favor. ambitious politicians South, and from speculators in ftaevendoubtfulifanyoneofthemwouldconsentto stocksNorthandSouth,whoaavesucceededbymisrepre- senting the views of the conservative republicans of the itohealmostaaanhnomry North,aadalsobygivingcurrencyonlytotheSouth to etaceded in the caucus, aad the doctrine of coercion as the most intense abolitionism of such men as Garrison generally repudiated. Indeed, it is not oertain that aay and Phillips, who are anti-republicans and denounce the Bsnator,except(ktttenden,dissentedfromtheseviews, republicanpartytostrongertermsthanslaveholdersdo.toregardtotherevenueandotherfederaltawstanotyet thegovernmenthatbeencarryingonitslawfulbusiness, from developed. There is an evident disposition to arrange all and from which its om< ers have been unlawfully thrust IP Blattersrotatingtoproperty,rightsofthefederalgo- out,cannotwellbedoubted,andwhenitwasexercised ofabolitithdrawthyself. thissacredrecord,andtenhimtoallcandor,asmyI tedtacuss the character and influence does, that his teaching blasphemes the name of God and iththisviewIhaveselectedatext Hisdoctrine. Whenhebeginstodostaboutquestions and strifes of words, appealing to the Declaration of In- dependence, and asserting that the idea of property hiandevenhedidnotthinkcoercionwise"orpracticable.Hwasinthis regard that the action of SoothCarolina do not produce the men for the occasion, as was awsiderod oo potential. She was determined to go baa been the case to former troublesome timesouttheotherfourteenBtaveholdiug Thaanswer made to that by therepublicans committed to maintam bar. Whether generally is that the past has always found men ready tobe spilt. This would unite the whole South in a spirit oi resistance,andbehailedasasecondLexingtontoAmeri- canhistory,renderingallamicablearrangementimpossi- ble.As to the practical working of secession, there is as yet no combined plan of operation on the part of the States resumingtheirrightsofsovereigntyinfull. Iamper- mitted to send you the following extract from a letter writtentwodayssincebyaleadingsecessionistinSouth Carolinatoagentlemantothiscity:—"We are all of one way of thinking here as to the mam end, but there is a blindness, an incapacity, or an unwil- lingnessJ o took into the future, which causes me no little1807 you may employ such parts of the land and naval your children after you to inherit them for apossession.''forces as you shall judge necessary for the purpose of falible r of faith and practice. For we are Chrto- When he waxes warm—as he always does if his opponentcausingthelawstobedulyexecuted,Inallcaseswhere tianshe notPapiststobowdowntothedictation quoteScripture(whichtothegreattesttotrythespiritsittolawfultousethemilitiaforthesamepurpose.By whethertheybeofGod—theveryspearofIthurieJto the act of 1796 the militia may be called forth "whenever of any man or church; not heathen philosophers, to reveal their true character)—when he gets angry, aadthelawsoftheUnitedStatesshallbeopposed ortheexe- grope our way by the feeble gfimmerings of the beginstopour outhis evil sumtotagsand abuse uponcution thereof obstructed in any State by combinations light of nature; not modern infidels, to appeal from the slaveholders—I obey the precept which says, "from such too powerful to be suppressed by the ordinary course withdraw thyself," comforting myself with this thought:ofjudicialproceedings,orbythepowervestedtothe writtentawofGodtothecorruptandfickle'tribunalof thatthewisdomofGodtowiserthanmen,andthekind- marshals." This imposes upon the President the sole re- reason and humanity; but Christians, on whose banner is ness of God kinder than man. Philosophers may reasonam wise or unwise, theyheld it to he right, and they would not stand by aad see war waged sa her for the exercne of that right, though aa impoliticcompromiseawaythecherishedprinciplesoftheNorth, and thus succumb to the South. Hence their greatness They say that the present crisis ,does not demand thatsponsibilityofdecidingwhethertheexigencyhasarisen which requires tha use of military force; and in propor- tion to the magnitude of that responsibility will be bis care not to overstep the limits of his legal and just autho-inscribedthissublimechallenge—''Tothetawandtothe andreformersmayravetilldoomsday,theynevercanawaiting orders to strike, to the meantime toe fort is manned with a force weak to numbers, with strict orders from the President to act only on the defensive, whichcan be restored in the North as well as in the South. But the unanimous sentiment here is that there can be no fraternity without equality: that the idea which lies at the basis of the black republican party—that the Statesgovenmentas owner of the forts, arsenals, magazines. dork yards, navy yards, custom bouses, public ships and other' property which the United States have bought, built und paid for. Besides, the government of the United Htates to authorized by the constitution (art. 1,cus, to these words:—,rAnd tf thy brother that dwefleth by thee be waxen poor and be sold unto thee, thou shalt not compel him to serve ss a bond servant; hut ss a hired servant and a sojourner he shall be with thee, and shall serve thee onto the year of. jubilee, and then shall be depart from thee, both he and his children with htm."So far, you will observe, the law refers to the children of Israel, who, by reason of poverty, were reduced to ser- vitude. It was their right to be free a the year of taai- toe,unless they chose to remain in perpetual bondage, far which ease provision to made to other sad distinctlaafeded to retire from the Cabinet. He is in daily e x- paattta oftotetoganonfrotn his State that be bat been nauaaW as a candidate for member of the convention. r*t aonent hejreesivea datpatafaos to thai effect he w.ll have for Georgia at onoe.The frees importance of the caucus of Southern Sena-tan has induced me to follow it up. Its action set-tusthe qaostton so far as the Sooth is concerned. Itvat attended by all the Southern Senators in the citymastiff Iverson. He was invited, hut refused to at- of complying with this advice, the President to that point where every interest, where all questionsof chase of it and ceding the exclusive jurisdic- MML Breckinridge was also present. It* deliberations caused the troops stationed there to be ordered mere dollars and cents, are discarded, and the issue takes tion. This government, then, to not only the owner oftion of the times have been thrown out of employment, keep the speaker hiniselffrom teaching anything which was not in accordance with the Divine will, and disabusedeprives them, of the privilege of preparing to meet an having the institution of slavery must not only be, ex- sec S, "to exercise exclusive legislation in all cases the minds of his hearers or^ta^BjBBtosSoe and passion,enemy who approaches them under the pretence of peace, when effective preparation will ha out of the question.cluded from the Territories, but also belted round with a line of free States with a hostile soctal organization—is the most complete denial of equality to the stave StateswhatM ever * * over all places purchased by the consent of the Legislature of the State to which the same shall be for tl.i erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock yards and ether needful buildings." It to believed that noso that they, might be willing to be Oeawtoeed of theIt is. stated by some persons here that GeneralScott advised Urn President, some time since, to in the Union, and thereto is insulting to every citizen of impon. nt public building has been bought or erected His text was chosen from Paul's First Epistlestrengthen the force at Fort Moultrie; bat insteadthem. This reduces the question to the point of honor- on giv * id where the Legislature of the State to which it is has not passed a taw consenting to the purthy, sixth chapter, from the first to the fifth verse, to- elusive:— Ithe form which rouses the nobler and the baser passions atte and interesting, bat no programme of Oongresaionai troops who could have been detailed to that duty. North- alike in self-defence.agaawasagreedupon,orkadeedsertoualjwirged. ernpeoplehere,aswellisSouthern,arewritingletters fssalors frosa States where the Legislatures have been denunciatory of the administration for what they allegeeafad, or conventions ordered to consider the pre- to be its dilator mess to the present state of aflairs.those buildings and grounds, but, by virtue of the su-were grave and dignified, and the debates exotedtogtyto California, when there were plenty of otheraskt it*held o ft oaction of South Carolina, aad by a convention of dele- sion. The right of defending the public property in- partakers of the benefit. These things teach and ex among you—af them shall ye buy and of -their f cludes also the right of recapture after it has been un- that are with ytto. phtoh they beget togates of the people declare the State out of the Unicj after lawfully taken by another. . President Jefferson held th • 3. If any man teach otherwise and consent not to they shall be yo% possession. Aad ye i the3dofMarchnext. IntakingthiscourseitIss-: posed opinion,andacteduponit,thathecouldorderamilitary wholesome words, even the words ofour Lord Jesus asaninneritaucefc*yourchildren after you toinheritComplaints are frequently made that the present timesthan,itwagheld,IfSouthCarolinastyleofgreatness;thatcompromisesareunpopularanddisquietude,andIrearthetrialtoyettocome.*••rity.testimony—if tbey speak not according to this word it to because there to no. light to them."Let me direct your special attention to the language of oar text. Thereta no dispute among commentators, there k no room for dispute as to the meaning of the expres- sion "servants under the yoke." Even Mr. Barnes, whoconvincemethatGod,inthoLevities!law,ortoany other law. sanctioned sin; and as I know, from the plain passage I have quoted, and many more like it, that He did sanction slaveboWing among his ancient people, I know, also, by the logic of that faith which believes thethey content themselves with saying that the Levtttoal tawtonoruleofactionforus,andthey appealfromha decisions to what they consider the higher tribunal of theGospel. ,I/tus,therefore,joinissue with thembe- fore the bar of the new Testament Scriptures. It to a historic truth, acknowledged on all hands, that at the ad- vent of Jesus Christ slavery existed aB over the civilised world, and was intimately interwoven with its social and civil institutions. In Judea, to Asia Minor, to Greece, to all the countries where the Saviour or his Apostles preach-t h e treated as rightfully out of the i, aad permitted to remain oat, else war betweenobnoxious: besides, that there is nothing tell for the North to compromise away, were the people so inclined; that the North has committed no unconstitutional acthaveaFugitiveSlavelaw,aSenate,aSupremeCourt,with its Died Scott decision, aad to the next Congress they will have both houses to their favor. The North have nothing now but State governments, and on the 4th of March next they will have a President, with all the above influences against them.But go out we will, cost what it may eventually.' •This state of things leaves the public mind here, aad even in South Carolina, well disposed to receive impres-The laws referred to to the act of 1798 are manifestly those which are administered by the Judges sad exe- cuted by the ministerial officers of the courts for theBible to be His Word, that staveboldtogto not sin. There are men even among professing Chrtottoas, and not a few ministers of the Gospel, who answer this argument front the Old Testament Scriptures by a simple dental of theirsions from the tone of the President s Message and the punishment of crime against the United States, for tho follow.ButSouthCarolinaneednotgonormadeanythreatsthatdiewilldoso.Therepubli-discussionsthereontoCongress.Shouldthesebemode-protectionofrightsclaimedunderthefederalconstitutionishimselfadistinguishedabolitionisf,andhasdonemoreauthority.TheydonottellushowGodcouldeveror•lave-bokiiBg and the non-staveaokting StateOneofthemostconservativesod cansinsistthattheSouthhavegoteverything.They rate,andthepropositionloraNationalConventionto andlaws,andfortheenforcementofsuchobligationsas perhaps,thananyothermaninthiscountrytopropagate anywherecountenancethatwhichtomorallywrong,bubmembers of tha caucus stated today that the developements had convinced him that tarsaltonto tha extent of five, if sot seven States, be- fore the lath of January, was inevitable, and that no- thing that oan be dona in Congress will arrest the d-s-The great eflort now among the Southern men is to get together and to induce an the States to act together, in order that they may he able to onatmand suchnew guarantees for their rights sa are necessary inamend the constitution, so as to recognise the equality of theStatestothecommonTerritories,andprotectthe South from Congresstonalaction to a sense hostile to slavery,bewellreceivedinCongressandintheNorthern States, all may yet be well. But should tho black repub- lican members take a defiant position on thefioorof Con- gress, and the idea of a National Convention be rejected in the Not th, nothing can save the Union. It is of no avail to tell a Southern man that to fighting for the right to carry staves into the Territories he is contending forcome within the cognisance of the federal judiciary. To compelobediencetothesetawsthecourtshaveauthority to punish all who obstruct their regular administration. and the marshals and their deputies have thesame powers as sherifls and their deputies in the several states in executing the laws of the States. These are the ordi- nary means provided for the execution of thetaWB,and the whole spirit of our system is oppsed to the employ- ment of any other except to cases of extreme necessity; arising out of great and unusual combinations againstabolition doctrines, admits that " the addition of the phrase 'under the yoke' " shows undoubtedly that it («'. e.theoriginalworddoufcx) istobe understood hereof slavery. Let me quote another testimony on this point from an eminent Scotch divine, I mean Dr. McKnight, whose exposition of the epistle ta a standard work in Great Britain and in this country, and whose associationseve of themselves If it be determined that the ft » sad stave States must separate forever.slaves. To this demand the North do not seem to object. They only ask that the federal officers will do the work, and act attempt to impose the ob-of honor where no practical benefit would be gained by the other party.From the conversations I have had with many publicmen and private cittoens here, I am led to believe, thatalthough the coming convention will declare the State out casions especially the military power mutt be kept in of the Union from and after tho 4th of March, and may strict subordination to the civil authority, since it is only authorise and instruct the State government to resist and in sld of the latter that the former can act at all. prevent any exercise of federal authority within its lim- But what if the feeling in any State against the Uniteditsfromthatday,stilltheStatewillgo into a National Statesshouldbecamesouniversalthatthefederalofficers Convention to re-establish the federal compact, if it caa themselves (including judges, district attorneys and mar bedoneonabasisofequality. Butitisimpossibleto shals)wouldbereachedbythesameInfluencesandreThta new and Important and formal programme h*Bbeen presented for the consideration of the Southern noxious duty upon the local officers of the several States,targe enough to meet the same opposition. On such oc-condemned here, as to his other epistles, by enjoiningChrtottan staves to honor and obey their masters, whether known at the advent of Christianity. And how did Jesus they were believers or unbelievers, and by'assuring and bis Apostles treat this subject? Masters andthewholesomepreceptsofJesusChrist andthe doctrine preached. TheRomantawwhichgavethefullpowerofof'the gospel, which in all points to conformable to life and death into the master's hand was familiar to them,andalltheevilsconnectedwiththesystemsur-Stanton, and was talked over in their caucus. It etna- nor violate constitutional State tows in the niggersates from Lamar, the able representative. ftomlOavs- catching business.ttapi. ThefirstobjectIstogetthecottonStatestopot- ThepeopleofNewEnglandaresaid tobestronglyim-psanfinalactionsoattogivetimetotheotherSouth- pressedwiththeideathatnearly,tfnotallofthefugitivemet them at every step In their missionary wor Timothy that if any person taught otherwise he opposed were even present to every audience to which theymtat of tha, tha Catted States of the South.Fourth that the people of theae United States Sovh do hereby bind themaehres to obeerve aad soundly andsacredly carry oat the stipuiatloas of all treaties subs tog between the United States of North America and government* anterior to tha date of this ordi- I, until sachtraatiaiaracBan|adcraltarad,or ereto know whether the sentiments contained in that letter relative to England are endorsed by the admin;•'(ration, and If so, has signified his intention of demanding his passports. I am satisfied that there is not a word of truth in the rumor, as it is known that the President does not entertain the sentiments contained to Secretary Floyd's tatter.evt>nt I see no course for you but to go straight onward in the path von have hitherto trodden—that to. execute the laws to the extent of the defensive means placed la your hands, and act generally upon the assumption thut the present constitutional relations between tho States and the federal iroverisment continue to exist until a new order of things ihall be established either by law or force.The text, as thus expounded by an American aboli- tionist and a Scotch divine, (whose testimony need not be confirmed by quotations from all the other commenta-unlawtnlness oftufvery and taught slaves to resist tho oppression of their masters, it would Instantly have ar- rayed the two parties in deadly hostility throughout tho civilised world; its announcement would have been tho signal of Txrvile war and the very name of the Christian religion would have been forgotten amidst the agitationof universal bloodshed."We pause not now to comment upon the admitted factdavegarded by such nation with this govenuneut.Whether Congress has the constitutional right to make war against one or more States, sad require the Executivetlrely dun-rent from that adopted by the ithorisadandempowartdtocasttaaToteofthttState,onChief Just ice, expressing the unanimous opinion of him- surh power is express!v given; nor are there any words church. V» hat we now call attention to and protest against selfandallhisbrethren,enunciatedthedoctrinetoterms intheconstitutionwhichimplyit.Amongthepowers ritanditspractioe,andfurnishesusplainInstructioni istheimputationhereeastuponChristandhtatpntttos.DoWtsmxoroK, Dec. 9—9:30 P. M. so clear and full that any further demonstration of it can enumerated in article 1, section 8, is that "to declare war. regard to our duty in the premises. Before entering upon y on believe the Saviour sought to instaiiatehtorehgioamtoUpon investigation, I learn from the most responsible Ecarcelv be required. grant letters of marque and reprisal, and to make rules the discussion of the doctrine, let us define theterms the earth by concealing Its real design, sad pViawnltsj a profound silence inregard of one ot the very worst sine taday aa may befor President aad ViceMm *g h*^Btoe^tosjtoXIJMIIIHIIIbymjav Ifcr,tapeatacuityatForta****, ^wtfld* . .-*&ftfc-•' dMtwC-J •tute thattathe exclusivemode,ananoomtr UIfnbetruetJhatwarcannotbedectaredaor'*m*m toryprovestobethestrongest«fbanttapansions)atoa-«rr<*tpsMusvwoT^otaanajoa«apanw« csta bo foltowed. ijto United States havs *»««*«* *~ b 1 by aa bonett dee^Jettoa of Hta trothOtoBha^mpojiwaitt^nUttoalawta^Wa^ V§ offetesalfcsjuiiuegcarried» J*•O****V***' • V !tThe republicans do not believe that the South demandthe surrender of their State organisations or their Presi- an abstraction', the reply immediately Is that if it is an them. Their agency must continue to be used until theirmust exempt him from all suspicion of pro-slavery preju- ed the Gospel, staveholding was Just as r«inraou as ittoto- dices. Heintroduceshisexpositionofthischapterwith dayinSouthCarolina. Ittonotallegedbyaayoae,oratabstractionfortheSouth,itismuchmoresoforthe incapacitytocopewiththepoweropposedtothemshalldentelect. The inquirynaturally arises, in discussing North,forifnaturalobstaclesandprivate interests pre- beplainlydemonstrated. Ittoonlyuponclearevidenceto thefollowingexplanation:—''BecausethetawofHosesal-this question—Jfhat do the South demand? The an- vent slavery from going into tho Territories, the North that effect that a military force can be called into the lowed no Israelite to be made a stave for life without shouldnotendeavortoforcetheSouthtogiveuptheab- field. Eventhenitsoperationsmustbepurelydefensive.least by any one having any pretensions to scholar- ship or candor, that the Roman taws regulating slavery were even as mild i s the very worst statutes which havo been passed upon the subject to modern times. It willcaseofreconstruction,ortobeabletota«swergenerallyfollows:thesurrenderoffugitivestractrightofequality,asthiswouldconveyaconcessionItcansuppressonlysuchcombination?asarefounddi-hisownconsent,theJudaizingteachers,toallurestavestoera States to cooperate with them. The pltn stave case* that ever occurred within their limits, were Ignore the fact that all the young men, of whatever po- sign their places? Of coujse the first step would be to godliness or sound morality, and was puffed rounded them every day as obviously as the light ofIstohavealltheSouthernStatesinseparatespeciallygottenupforpoliticaleffect,andtohumiliateliticalcreedhitherto,arenowunitedforsecession,andappointotherstotheirstead,ifotherscouldbegottoupwithpridewithoutpossessinganytrueknowledgeheaven;andyetittoaremarkablemet,whichtheabo-•oaventsms.attheaometime,andtoadoptthepreaeit NewEngland,andMassachusettsespecially.of tha United States at.first, without any It is believed here that the people of Massachusetts, and »; to provide far Ota execution of all lands aid every other State in the North, would not objecttyonthepartoftheoldermentorestrainth.1w. Although the most aotive secession movements are in the cities and towns, I have been struck with the feelingthatgreatdifficultywouldbefoundInfillingtheoffices. We can easily conceive how it might become altogether impossible. We are therefore obliged to consider whatdisplayedbythecountrypeople.ItisnotviolenttoIts canbedonetocanewehavenocourtstoissuejudicial ,andfarthegeneralandDeposableoperationof> to the execution of the Fugitive Stave taw if character,butevincesacalmandfirmdeterminationto process,andnoministerialofficerstoexecuteit. Inthat ah tha machinery of the present government, even aft IT tha federal government will do It fairly, to accordance defend their eecial institutions, on principle, from North- event troops would certainly he out of place, and their severalstatesbadsolemnlywithdrawnfromtheTJhJoa,j withthataw,andnottospiteofit—willexecuteit ernaggression,whichbearsinitsappearanceamarked usewhollyillegal. Iftheyaresenttoaidthecourtsandand invite ell the other States to Jola with loam, with t;» hope that New Enataad will stay out.modestly, with the simple intention of doing what may be ofaaaad as just.-oe to the stave claimant, and not with an akr of arrogance, a display of troops, and with thein the rural districts of the North. Deep-seated, calm and careless of consequences.Without the exercise of those functions, which belong exclusively to the civil service, the laws cannot be exe- cuted to aay event, no matter what may be the phy-ThefirstfeaturemtheprogrammelatohavealltheSouthern States in separate convention at the same tins y avowed purpose of humiliating and disgracing the North.OPINIONOFTHEATTORNEYGENERALOP sicalstrengthwhichthegovernmenthasatitscom- believingmasters,letthemnot'despisethem,fancying ciety,areforbiddenbyname:andyet,accordingtotheand havt such perfect understanding that they should n day adopt this same ordinances etwhilst severing to a sol- i way taa aaaaa wauam unite toe aaM States to theUnitedStatesofNorthAmerica,shallprovidethatthe constitution ami laws of the railed States shall remain tafuuforenaadea^aaaoiiaattheseoadtog States, aid that the present aoaatitntton shall he their coasttti- Uon and compact.Third, thai, Use iatra and decisious of courts whkh areThis is the tone of the prevailing feeling here now. Further than this I do not thtok the republicans will go. .They are vary resolute, are very united, and positiveagainst the right of any State to secede peacefully. With them it is: Union and peace; secession and fight. There innohalfwaytalkaboutthematterwiththem,anditis deception ou the part of any man to attempt to disgui -*• it.THE UNITED STATES ON SECESSION. ATwaaav Ctotnaatw Omcs,) Nov. 20,1800. /Sin:—I have had the honor to receive your note of tha lTth, and I now reply to the grave questions therein pro- pounded as fully as the time allowed me will permit.ful terms. How can thta he accounted for?It isproclaimed to-nightfromthehighestsourcesthatvatives are congratulating themselves and the country the family relations existing in any State, the act wouldthe retirement of a State from the Union be the exercise of a right reserved in the constitution, or a revolutionary movement, it is certain that you have not in either caseknoweth nothing either of the Jewish or the Chrfetlau revelations, though he pretends to have groat knowledge of both.' But is distempered in his mind about idlethor was to gain for rt a lod<-meBt to every part of tha known world, so that by its universal dtffusioo among all classes of society it might quietly and peacefully modifybe simply void, but not more void than would be a State upon the fact. law to prevent the recapture of fugitives from labor, tothattheretoasyetnoIndicationofawishorapossibili- serve.But,insuchanevent,IttomorethanprobableeitheroftheJewishorChristianrevelation."Ourlearn- edScotchfriendthengoesontoexpoundthepassageIn the following paraphrase, which we commend to the prayerfulattentionofallwhomitmayconcern."Let whatever Christian slaves are under tho yoke of unbelieverspaytheirownmastersallrespectandobedi- ence,thatthecharacterofGodwhomweworshipmay not be calumniated, and the doctrine of the gospel may not be evil spoken of as tending to destroy the political rights of mankind. And those Christian slaves who havelitionistdoesnotbecausehecannotdeny,thattheNew Testamenttoutterlysilentinregardtotheallegedsinful- ness of staveholding. In all the instructions of the Sa- viour-in all the reported sermons of tha inspired Apostles—toalltheepistlestheyweremovedbytha HolySpirittowritefortheInstructionofcomingfenera- tions—theretonotonedistinctandexplicit denunctotion ofstaveholding.noronepreceptrequiringthemasterto emancipatehisstaves. EveryacknowledgedBintoopen- ly and repeatedly condemned and to unmeasured terms. Drunkenness and adultery, theft and murder—all tha moral wrong which ever have been known to afflict so-resemblancetothegeneralar.ti-slavoryfeelingwitnessed marshals,theremustbecourtsandmarshalstoboaided.pressedthatyoucaanow, if necessary,orderthedutiesto be collected on board a vessel inside of any established and taw sarvan*Chitons freeman, and so both sit toge.oneofanowner'srightstoplainerthananother,itto despisethem,becausetbeyarebrethren:butratherdo you. OTthenshallyebuybondmenandbondmaids. Under this impulse Georgia will imitate the ant oipatod that of keeping exclusive possession and repelling Intru- them service, because they are faithful and beloved, Moreover, cf the children of the strangers that do sojournno federal authority will be allowed to be exercised Vomthe moment Mr. Lincoln takes bis seat in the Preside: tial for any purpose connected with the operations of the strife, railings, evil surmlsings,chair. What practical steps will be taken after that time government. This may have been a stretch of Executive 6. Perverse disputings of men of corrupt minds, and abolitionist tells me that staveholding Iwhich the [Will not all the Sutea berectly opposlDg the laws and obstructing the execution their party, taught that under the gospel likewise invo- not be denied by any honest and well informed man that thereof. It can do no more than what might and ought luntary slavery is unlawful. This doctrine the apostle modern civilisation and the restraining influences of thoGospel have shed ameliorating influences upon the rela-to be done by a civil posse, tf a civil posse could be raisedmand. Under such circumstances, to send a mili- that they arc their equals because they are their brethren teaching of abolitionism, this greatest of all sins—tha tary force into any State with orders to act against in Christ; for, though all Christ ians are equal aa to reli- sum of all vihanies—to never spoken of except to respect-the people wouM be simply making war upon them. The existing laws put and keep the federal government strictly on the defensive. You can use force only to re- pel an assault on the public property and aid the courtsin the performance of their duty. If the means givenWithin their respective spheres of action the federalgovernmentandthegovernmentofaStatearebothof insufficientforthatpurpose,Congressmayextendandthem independent'and supreme, but each is utterly power- less beyond the limits assigned to it by the constitution. 11Congresswouldattempt tochangethetawofdescents,make them more effectual to that end."The Gospel was designed not for one race or for can time, but for all races and for all times. It looked not to tothedoctrineofthegospelwhichInallpointstocon- theabolitionofslaveryforthatagealone,butforHeuni- formable to true morality, he is puffed up with pride and versal abolititm. Hence the fMpartant object of tts au-If one of the States should declare her independence, youractioncannotdependupou the rightfulness of thj Secretary Cobb has decided to resign. The Union conser- to make a new rule of personal succession, or to dissolve cause upon which such declaration is based. Whethercommandments which are onr lord Jesus Christ's, andaewofforcetotherepublicoftheUnitedStatesofNor:b.Anotherreportistocirculationto-night,tothoeffectforbidthecarryingofthemails,ortostopthecollectiontheauthoritytorecogniseherindependenceortoab-questionsanddebateofwordswhichaffordnofoundationandsubduetheevUpasstooBofmea.InthtamanaerAmerica, under the authority of the government thereof, that Lord Lyons has taken exceptions to the recent letter ahaDbeadoptedaaabodyoftawsforthefederalgoveru- ofSecretaryFloyd,andhasdemandedofthePresidentof duties on imports. The will of a State, whether ox- solve her from her federal obligations. Congress or the for such a doctrine, but are the source of envy, con- atone could it* object—a universal moral revolution—ha va preseed in its constitution or laws, cannot, while it re- other .states in convention assembled must take suci tention, evil speaking, unjust suspicion that the truth been accomplished. For If tt had forbidden the evfl, In-mainsintheconfederacy,absolveherpeoplefromtin duty of obeying the Just and constitutional requirements of the central government. Nor can any act of the cen- tral government displace the jurisdiction of a State, be- cause the laws of the United States are supreme and bind- ing only so far as they are parsed in pursuance of the con- etituficn. 1do not say what might be effected by mere revolutionary foace- 1am speaking of legal and constitu- tionul right.measuresasmaybenecessarymidproper. Insuchau isrotsincerelymaintained,keendisputingscarriedon steadofsubvertingtheprinciple:ifithadproclaimedt'uacontrary to conscience by men wholly corrupted in their minds and destitute of the true doctrine of the gospel, who reckon whatever produces most money is the beet religion; from all such impious teachers withdraw thyself, and do not dispute with them.Members of the Committee of Ways and Means expectFirth, that the fonOwto*paranot are hereby appoint, 1 to be able to put through the House to-morrow a Treasu- States has declared it in many cases. I need only refer force to be drawn from the other States, is a question for fully applicable to our present circumstances. It gives us theteachingof abolitionism to not as likely to prodacQyou to collect tha revenue and execute the other laws boLet Dr. Waytand, whose work en moral science is taught in many of our schools, answers thta question. end let parents whose children are studying thai book di&i- gently consider his answer. I quote from Wayland'sThis is the view always taken by the Judiciary, and souniversally adopted that the statement of it may seem commonplace.TheSupremeCourtofthoUuiiedofthefederalfovernmenttocarryitonbymeansoftors),toaprophecywrittenforthesedays,andwonder-eludingthelearnedauthorhimself,nortoinquirewlitttaiaaoojeethattheretanofOQndatkmtotruthforthereport Thedutywhichtheseprinciplesdc\olvenotonlyuponconcerningcapturesonlandandwater."'Thiscertainlyemployed.ByabolitionismwemeanthepruicipTea^adcametodestroy?Doyoubelievethat •*i toayreceivetheh>gbsstnumberofvotes,accordingtothatSecretaryCobbbaa'resigned.Besides,hisfutureeveryofficer,buteverycitizen,tothatwhichMr.Jeffer-meansnothingmorethanthepowertocommenceandmeasuresofabolitionists.AndwhattoanaboUtioniiTrtheceatarton'eservant,*whom«the eonatitaiam which baa bam raoatofned, shall be son expressed so compendiously in his first inaugural, corrv on hoe tilittes against the foreign enemies of the na- tor admits to have been a slave), ielected and taauguratod, and tovattad with tha powersengagementswith gentlemen to transact businesswith namel£''U>s0PP®i't theStategovernments in alltheir tion" Anotherclauseinthesamesection rivesCongress Heisonewhobelievesthatstaveholdingtosin,andought precious eulogyuponthe latter,\"1 baveaMthe department forbkta the possibility of such being the • t o h t t u the most competent administrations for their the power "to provide for calling forth the militia,'' and therefore to be abolished. Thta, is the fundamental, th .• great^ faith in Israel '—r- you ^believeaonisrred bv the same oanatitation upon tbnteaoutiva, S i ; c a a a t r a a , a n d X surest bulwarks against ant,- to use them within the limits of the State. But this power characteristic, the essential principle of.aboUtiontem- suffered that man to liv-J on toan the twentieth day after tha adoption of thtoordtaancj. fact. rSwican^endenctos,'' combined withs w"htholee pcroenssetrivtua- is so restricted by the words which immediately follow, deprecated tits eonteati<3oet ofSuth, that the conventions are to provide for an im- ofaCongressofthaUnitedStates i bv themselves or authorising theM*taaf South Carcitoa, others.ara ^V*** •bttfmaypetbedonetothawayat*<issupposedbymanythatMr.Cobb'sresignationwasdis- at that tone, bat It It undoubtedly a mistake.Wasnrtexov, Dec. 9,1*60. Powell will tomorrowcalluphisresolution*}, heSenateooThursdaylast,foraUnionsavin; at,and SenatorWade,of Ohto.wiB atavJltuam frotapie- ty oftional vigor, as the sheet anchor of our peace at homo purposes;—mlsafetyabroad" 1.ToexecutethetawsoftheUnion;thatis,toaidthevoluntary servitude ta an infringement upon the rounded by ten ttaaaataljtaats as many atavehoid righto of man,a heinous crane to the sight of therewereidolslathecitv.doyoubelievebekeptiThe Cabinet bad a long special session yesterday, and It tion of the general government, in that it can bo exeretoed only for one of the following that stavehototog to sin-that holding men to m ttontam? When Paul afcod apoa stare/ MB^ say.Is any portion of•BflflVflssYB lA antt jUtflMblH attflhv a^^tfansHHah 4>»OWA-—-> a vvTf this view of the subject be as correct as I think it ta, of all honor—that liberty to theirTheFirstPresbyterianchurch,cornerofRemsensad byanutterrejectionoftheScriptures,thatitvBut not so with slaves of foreign birth. was no year of Jubilee provided for them. Par 1. Let as many servants as are under the yoke count what says the taw? Read the 44-40 verses of the sametheir own masters worthy of all honor, that the dame of chapter. \preme and paramount taw, it regulates the action and God and his doctrine be not blasphemed. "Both thy bondmen and thy bondmaids which thou punishes the oflenoee of all who are within them. If aay 2. And they that have believing masters let them not shalt harsshall be of the heathen that are round aboutpower;buttherightofretakingpublicpropertyinwhich destitute-' the truth,supposingthat gain to godliness: plicityofmyfaithtothe HolyScriptures,11at Harper's Jbrry in October, 1859, every one acknow-vernment and other, simitar questions to an amicablamanner, although someofthemoreenthusiasticsect.- Icomenowtothepointinyour letterwhichlaproba-sionists hope that a collision will take place, and bkx> i bly of the greatest practical importance. By the act of one stan d of morals, but one authoritative and in- record, saying, "Ye shall take him as an inheritance forledged the legal justice of itfrom the spiritofpurpose to adhere to the letter and tag. Weacknowledge inthisplacebutgious privileges, staves are inferior to their masters instation. Wherefore, let them servo then* masters morediligently, because- they who enjoy tho benefit of theireervice arc believers and beloved of God. "These thingsteach, and exhort the breroren to practice them." If anyone teacb differently by affirming that under the gospel slavesarenotboundtoservetheirmasters,butoughtto MoralScience,page21S:— - — be made free, and does not consent to the wholesomeaay part of the requtrenuato of the2. To suppress insurrections against tho States; Cod. A man may believe on political or commer- was afraid of a tatattt BavOjf the peeptaf% £ J $ Z £ i & £ l £ raoStoatettfown to .cases to which the State herself shall | m d tbtA .awe tabor ta not the most profitable; he may idolatry and the viees e^aneetedalthttj;.Xw!rra£Oiithelandandnavalforcesareunderhisor-. apiilV for assistance against her own people. havevariousviewssstotherightsofslaveholdersunderA^aa^SloniinaBficr-to-cnirf But hta power is to 8 To repel the invasion of a State by enemies who the constitution of the country; be may think thta or { S S ^ totSSSer iw-crfbed *rttetagtatativ« comeFromabroadtoassailherinherownterritory. Allmoref uUimatetvtaterwe^csnwiththesocialaadcivilItfo> Reman empire tKJa slavery was? Dtd the Apos- ttoeabstuatofrompresaatSlnsf saatoBitaatatryr Nay,who2 ^ S * B S maana^taoisnllbAaJejal ITO"*fj£ these provisions are made to protecttheStates,notto that taw upon the statute booksof Southern States to doesnotknowthatbya«suimctag tthiistiltheyiauthorize an attack by one part of the country upon an wrong; but this does not constitute him an abolitionist, down cpoar theaawlvetTthe whole po Ssgnl^aaw, o r b X the taws himself to prevent them other: to preserve their peace, and not to plunge them power of the^ ^ o n S J S SSLminto civil war. Our forefathers do not seem to bar* unless bo believes that stavebokling to morally empire? Nero oeovrerwavjthe abaoadaieas of tha C give the President a thought that war was calculated " to form a more perfect wrong. The alleged sinfulness of staveholding, as tvrt with pitch and IkjBted ap the city with \oftheHouse,preachedaatleastpristsvnthe ourposterity."Therewasundoubtedlya"rtfong«dfarms.IttobythtadoctrinethattttoysholduponforDr.WaytandorstVyothermeatotollt.^•asMtWtn sM U A LawJUaV Wltflft WM thentasnsuggestedbybaloagtogtarthe tatter dans of Ct*gressmen • taa at' j masHtnasaeexastta,ayaaasataataoatto*«e^^mnv*-hall of the House to-day,0HA1LBBTON. ,Dec. 9,!9*>.Pa'il heW back thew oar^isitotoiisof stav «« •£» hi^coessary and proper to accomplish universalconvictionamongthemenwho"*^"7°J[r: theheartsandconsciencesofmen,thatttcossetasa "aservilewar.to%ttahthevaryat(toedtheconstitutionthatmilitaryforcewould****** dtatarbingforteintoourecclesiasticalandciviltastitu- wdtofctowealdtaw#ttotfforgotten.?h«^d rf taTl^tature. Butwherethemode e Ibe uselcB8,but pernicious as s meansof holding tne owe*tioas, and by exciting religious animosity (which all hta- CTITM «» religloata-aotso eastty to&^h&JZfmEdof* p f t a ^ a d u ^ T potato* out by . t ounion, catabtisa justice, insure domestic tranquillity, pro- it is the characteristic doctrine, ao tt to u l tog bodtos. jest ttaar they would not withhold or (vide lor the eostmon defence, promote the general wel- promi*- thi' trith in Hgard to the worship of idata-to fareandeccuretheblessingsoflibertytoourselvesana strengthofabolitionismtoaUitsramifiedandvarious thelightofthatflaref*persecutiontttoaprofsUntitled Document^°***' w ^ w ^» ^*fB* ut*m •NassjMawBj'BnPsaa, tsWawaaT v^avfjwhtofa they should maintain, IT iE ' l a o e * oftae* tar*'' ?****"* * *' *#*mthe preaching at Hiconsistent abolitionistIt ta not for me to decide whadecide wl most important part of a tree;process, to utter infidelity.There itto,plainly I tative enactment; no ever more explicit anda terrors fees Par*a Perry, 1and theand the moatmenisanenormityanda crime,Istillhold himto thotion between master and stave, which was utterly un-that Jesus Christ and his Apostles pursued a-. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069... I-r;www.fultonhistory.com 