 I*? nag sued rtIS - 1*.amongthetteeragepassengers,whue tbecabin pasaea grrswouldexclaim,vSheiscoming tous,""Shesees tie," "What a gallant little craft that m, ' and toe like. S»emoocamesonear that it wasthought byCasta.a Leitcti that sbe might bear the sound of a gun. He there fore ordered two guns to be fired and two adu'.naai flags to be belated, dtrtdisg tbem between the au ..tattandia a split over tLe I>,atri:t Attorney aboit'a year ago, Nesbiu.a bookbteder sad anew man never bete asaeaabatweareawareof.' rosebad been on deck all through the previous night and ihe •i • •jc.*f'; at workmen, the steamer again resumed enlueday; nor dtdaay one. ao far sals known, ever think Mr voyage to Boston 3 b e went rapidly o a t of the bar- I :i.- u moment of securing any of their money o r taeir bag-sor.txd evsvythiBg, eve* yet., promised a passage of rage or dothmg. a a i the consequence was that they al! left toe wreck destitute of everything with the excep- «n.?<ss -aye after ail. She no sooner encountered tee tion of what was on their backs. Arrangemeats werewaera at the Alteatic. however, than they again seemed now s a d fcr lowering the boats and transferring tbei.stow*ut*i;tyfortheOneship. Whenonlyonehour part>sgerstothem tohavethemconveyedtothebng. Tbetupsweresuspendedfromtheaftergangwayinthetrem St Johnstheuamasepower ofthesteamersoon meantime. Thecaptain gave orders to lowerthefirst •bewe*thatthehastilyreplaced floats wereentiretytin- boat,butherenewdifficuit.es andnewdisappointmenti • w t> w'tbstand the force of the impetus with which arose again. The boats of the Coensagat were of wroughtone of toe cays to tip westward re have bees seven -lave is fitted a month,all American, and there was one lying ih'pidjlprbor of St.Jago, on^he 6ih, pre-CitoIxpuji Taorajtaa has tbe detailstbe Concho, b under Maior—-IE LO88OFTHECOilAOGHTi1i, ii ".••PPWtpniBlglJUBffwi'i ^!' •- '"i ^.igpFtar seas waabed over b a r tefty bulwarks e»eitee»ueiy- The wineaw* of plate glass inrear that Cap*. Leitc. could hail her, be took his that we found rt impossible te keep the vessel free. Iaof b«>- captain, tbe latter very promptly replied, a> deck were orckaa by .them, as wall as atvaral "The brig Minnie bcaifler, Captain Wilaon." The artele--• oa deck. Many tons of water were thrown clear eommtD'ler of the Coonaoght next called out, "Makerea. v to take nsallonboardwithoutdelay;theshipis aiionart;below' -'Tee,Iamreadytotake you." re turned tte brave commander of the tiny tittle Taakee craft, t h e topsails of t h e brig were then "backed,'" a a dUiagM award. The Mbte vessel hsrodf, tbonfb, was sbe was immediate!;, hove te asnear thesteamer asitwas prudent to bring'her. It was BOW near one o'clock ereadruily crippled, anda* loafer astonished the passes P. M of Suneay, and the iron sides of the wreck weregers by the rapidity of her progress. Sail! ane was kept ' Becoming very much beatod amidshtpe. It is said that•aherewaraaat* stow paoe till aba reasbed St.Johns, j nothing can 'describe the scene an board now. Mothers tmbrace^ their children and assured them of theirt*trMrrates, and U>e sea* ceased to drench every one and everyeverything down t h e open hatchway? and into t h e On Snaaay, before noon, however, thewlad mode-whilst their opponents a r e keeping dp a r.jkctor mutiny in their camp. This encouragement on tba part of the republicans will make tbe contest ihemore ppicyno better than to give him another trial. Tbe district w a s lcrmerly democratic.our sketch of three or four of the irMftrtatra to aot as complete as we would warn u to be.owing to tbe tact d tbeir being sew men and butlittle known.•pen her wheel. Thai being q aickry done b y a name-veying water down to tbeplace orwhere we supposedthe fflre then t o b e located: a portion of t b e passengersstill eonttnaed to assist ns alf they could. Tbe ladteaamong tbecabin passengers, behaved very well—indeed theyexhibitedbatlittle signoffear,yetappeared,asamatter of course, greatly excited Finding that ihe lireincreased (n theboldBOfast,IBetaportionof thecrewand patBengsTB to pumping in, thereby competkeg taem toabanlontbeworkofpumping out. A-todecreasingthe smoke,this apparently proved Ineffectual stillthe timeandslipoff pnmptag inwas continued Atthaitime1madeprepa- iajaod,ifshehas rations tosavethepassengers^sadorderedtheboatsto ment has *me amcbiaery drove them against t h e boisterous wnt-raits parts by copper rivets and win network. Bat Tbefirstboatwasstovealongsidethesteamerinaheavy farasthecapture^} versisconcerned,dinnughsheis appearsbeforethepeopleasacandidate foaloflicefortheOne after another tney dropped off or brake, and the the steamer was so unmanageable aad tbeE.-UMr aai once more in a arippied condition. sea so rough that nosooner waa the first boat loweredsea. all the others were successfully launched. There coDStantJy on Uitint time. [Tbe national democraoy of this d strict have tnttodout'James Fitzgerald,abootaaddie maker,andaper son quit* -ocular te the looalty wuere ho resides. 31 North Fifth street.ThomasGreeley tetbe republicans ti. this district. B e i s a m a n about forty five years of age, and has been a prominent opera- tor, aside from tis connection with the 2V|btaK Be at oae time directed his attention to tbe coal lands of Penn- ey Iran te, aad operated suite extensively tn them: wsa for a amy time connected wltn t h e Nassau Bank a s President, but becoming embtrraased b y euts<de|rperattoafl, left thatTnetiow pacetf Uteitmmer w a s resiuned, s a d it w a sthai, tt wasfuriously cashed sffainst tbeside ofthewreck and aamawad t o fragments. Captain Letteh thenI promised in city or Cienfu although :i will•re you some 11count o) the ihd wiii therefore trjianddoao,rove aa interesting ai I inlendeo, ring tbe opportunity!of gathering on severs. important spointa. The r more properiy XaguaA i s situatedbay,and isacompsrativdynew inextentandwedIth moreraof preventing the pirate* entering tnereareanewnarfes,spacious fine public building^i besides pri-Mown thai tredays, at least, most elapse before the gave orders to lower the remaining six boat*, withik-amer ssuld reach Bostcc. Tnos tt i s apparent that had a actbeenforthemsBortoneofmamgthefloatsofoneof B-- wbesw, the Connauf htt instea-i of being a complete wreck and total lots, would have been safely moored in aath.ii harbor two or three days before she was destroyed. it eight o'clock on Saturday erening it w a s whisper?! ttidk: tta; the sbip w a s leasing, and large qoantltiM ofwhich toeOonnaoght was provided, and "be cautiousabout 11" be added, sternly. The order was obeyedpromptly, and tbe remaining six boats were immediatelyreleased from tbe davits inside the bulwarks, wherethey were turpeudeu au-i luccaatiofiy lowered to thefurring water, F&cf mex from the Coanaugbt were•hva vTwered into each boat by the captain, and he im-mediately directed that tbe lady cabin passengers shouldbe the first who should leave the wreck. The captainaaa oa the poop deck all tow time, aad besidereliable inform* d t y o f Ciecfuc, attbebeadof, place,butitis pidiy than a a y o there w ss not a oae, andtbefort bor was built b y | owned all the erect*d for the theharbor;bat warehouses and vateresidencesMcUrate.. formerly partner o f Boracevaterwerefeenroilm:_:aboatinherboldandkepttpJaeb- him nowweretfce.il:-.andsecondofficers,whomttituiioi m 1867, and sold his interest hi the lYtbtateaboutthetametime.Bestartedtoenewpapercalled gree RemittedtotkeSessionsthi c'eaivry tost year, batbaa since transferred his into William Stephens, indicted for ssMjBkfig $4-n money,Cf all cght tb.;- wtad also was saraigbt against her. aad being from the southeast it knocked up a heavy tea. The men belonging u> t h e ship's crow were immeci alelyset to work tyCaptain Leitcha: t^e'pumps-,in •Jttt parties, who were relieved b ? tfce ma e passengersat ther own pirasmre. T ee npints of the men at thepuaps w*r* kepi BT»bythe siagiag cf aantical songsandthem;tct<*lately Bunertttended tbe transferring of the pasBearers Theladieswereassisteddownthetedder,the steps of which were BEwide as those or many stairt,by thA efbeers of the ship, and then caught io tbe armsof th? Si»..»rs in the boats The waves were to Uigh thatgreat difficulty was experienced in removing the ladiesfrom the ladder into the boat, for at one time it would beunder their feet and again S3 muci as eight or tec feetbeneath tbem. However, ati tbe cabin todies werer a a r i s t o c r a t i c F i t ; : a v i e c u e . N e w e»instantIyerected,and oldonesen- toe last increasing trade. Likep o r t ' o n o f K i n g s c o u n t y , i t i t b e t o w n o f N e w U t r e c h t , n e a r FortHamilton. Betoatpretestone bf tbe manager*of toe American Institute Fsir. The only political office toat we know of hi-: holding ts that of1 a member of both branches of tbe Common Council of New Turk dty.M a r g a r e t W a t t i n s , c h a r g e d w i t h sMaBBsMg a w a t c c . BeattotbeSessionsJohn Adams, aged eighteen years, and WiUian Ktrby, jointly tnd^cied for stealing rings to the y»«ae of $36 75toe Sessions aWilliam B Guest, indicted forb-irparr(w>Indictments).pleadednotguilty.Secttotheless"asfjrtrial. Joseph Roger* aad William Smith were indicted for stealingawatca. Smith pieadedgu.lty,andwassentto tbeStateprisonfortwo5ears Rogers'casewassen!tithe Sessions.CDA.RGK OF MTRPEUTV Prrpl r* Tktmuis Hopan —Toe prisoner t» indictedfor the murder of lbo nas Mclnughiic, by stabbing nun with a dagger in tbechest, 1. appear.; toat a street row occurred between the prisoner, decease"! aud another per- Bou. in whi-h Hogan stabbed McLaughttn. The trid wa- partly proceeded with, am -t-jjuurned to Taursday morn bag(oronert' laqae»ta.A Cast lot. lsvzgriGAiim —An inmate of toe Worshouse onBtockaelis Island, named Henry I»-jgax. diec y e s t e r d a y f r o m f r a c t u r e o r t h e s k u l l , b a t b o w t h e m j a r y was sustained no one appears to know Deceased. v. ap pears,waatenttotbeWorkhouse by JisticeK»>Uy.but hadscarcelybeenoctl Island/moreth*.aar lnur whec bebecameutaenstb.e HeWJUIprop-*rlyattendedBy the physician?-, and efforts were made to revive him. but in ram. A post mortom examination o" the oady showedthattheSKCwasbadlyfractured,an1tna*.sperattoa. The *«*!da»|rers ta ailon boa?x! now silently r-vec by the passenger!' cf the CoEcaught fo- Captain jq .icily ted tately cenveyed on the bngantine'tdeck, tfpotatoes 1reqcftelah i- as•'•"•' '•\!»'• l>eeu over a year at w|orW aad haveef ether vessels being in tight also tern poranry areaaed thedejected swims of tbevoyagers,bat eary to create bit«er ittetinwtmistt Meantime, tbe gna fired iu prirsiiBam of the aaptate's enaunand,the flag of dtetreas waa BOW fiynag from the mam 'Can yoamake eatif sbeisearning towardsnaf"Tbe reason that no boat freom the brig teak part ia toe removal ef the aasaaaiwas because tbe bad only s a e small boat, whteh would not aave lived a minute ia the reugh sea that waa rallteg at th* ttete. \Of the steerage passengers t o ihetrThe schoontf ^amartme, from Sara &xm, arrived here to-day, aad faporte that s i v fell in with 4 e burning steamship Coaaaaght a a Sunday a«hv Aie'*a£ then a •aa* of flame. BflBBBtted by ber till Moa*afj nwniag, wben the wentdownv wftfc a toad exptostoc.l Tbe only remnants area adetfeg ofberafterwardswtjraa bottom upward*, aad a few trunks, with otkdf ibjhtpor-Uaaa of bar deck, cargo.**•la coaaequeane *f the tots of tre Conuaughwmbmretbteporfonthe 23d inst. The "will bethe*rt!MipiiiiifromNewYorkKIHG8 CCTJKrT POLITICS ,..^„. ,. ^ |Behtflbr,tons bnrthsn, or only aboat aa large agate as the yacht Bebeoca, soon showed her friendly outlines ptetery and more plainly to the view ef every one oo board the unlucky Oenaaagat T h e actual sight of this craft was the oaaasef unbounded delight to every oaa whomember of toe Ubrary fhanaaliiiia ry eindry drvtead batsman the tw* ief M ewYork, ofsoarcerytw ohandrelreported miatieg. Some three or four persona did tall ov»rb«iardinbeing removed fromtheCocnasghttothe boats,buttheywtredl seen picked upagainby onewhotaw teeminthewater.NEWSPAPER ACCOUNTS.:">romibeBostonPeat,Oat 10]HTAT1MKNT OT OArTADi LJC7CH.lattonr eococnte of the oaJortoaate voyage <*" the Con tag Liconveniently hot. The priests wait among TbeConoaosht left St Johns, N V .on Wednesday, ttand eaginecrs, wii next Wednesday.tl'BBBSaWillgotynext fromNewCorrespond*.ranr*rs.i3rBK Warat or Prns, Sept.16,/«asZuTi Reamt-ihiiters£ajlrpru<: o a dCteafnegos on tbe morping of the lltt, and atL now lyingtrict The regular devoooiady have aeatteated Anaiww J town famous an aeoonat of :» oetag perfect^ free irom from toon of New York. The regular dm tral Ocaimittee Spencer, a lawyer aad a prOmteeat politician te to* davoflice toat w e arc aware of.Tbe nattcna1 dcmocrs.y have nemirated Wm. S. M ^tedoler. also a lawyer. <We are unabie to give any tact* in fegtrd to bis pasi history.Tbe republicans have aotninateii Oeu. B Fisher,who represented this district in t b e last remarkable Legwto- ture. He la a lawyer, a aative of Oswego, and about twenty eight years of age. Be tt a gra mate cf Barvardrmmribe-.unitedkaw before this Convention decided thatTbecattoed democranyhave brought forwardaman bytheaaatear John Lmaky.aboututirty,aeterk. Be warnteralongtimewithLaw'sWiUisntabarsferriesbut baa left that saaaira tote year, aad started a waeesatwatt andthescenesattending It, together with torn foremast. The ire in the meantime wa- orogreai tag, sad the midlle of the ship was growaascht, hate besa eoBeeted —y* Oaaaaerbt « i M fro*) Gdwiy OD theafternoon ofT-.^adaf.thtjatib M'September, f o r l a * tin*, t w o daysit T were kgbt fair winds, aad the toe-tnter got on well,the steerage passenger*, a a d amnreo many of tbem fifteen mtooiee past two o'clock h i t b e aft >raoon. t h e very mieb by taymg. "The mercy of tic' lur mterfered, wind then biow-.ng from the % W. at a moderate rate;and yonwill allvery likely besaved " Wbea the Minnie this continued till Friday, when a fresh aad strong breeze Schifler waa first diaaovered the was a long way off—per c ntinned to rise from the S. SjW. and W. N.W.; at thaibaps a* much as fifteen miles—so dear was the morning. trm* every thing on board tbe steamer was in tbe veryfatX>s|'r^bj|<iisj|j^«|f Oioafnegts—itiBrooklyn adherents to that farUi have fjtrried' out their petty quarrels, and now, as m New Y4>k,preBeni a di- vided front, which will docbttort res-?' in tte election of toe Tull repubiloan cmnt/ ticket, a ncreae,' their chances for members o f Congress a n d AptetebfyTheinaaMioaa aoailoee s H o t a M. Stearat.a lawyer. whohasaever heldanypdtttctioffio* Betobefontba pobllc aa a aaadteate ter tba first tune.SMVRirrH Asa«MBi.Y DISTRICT.The Seveatb, rirtee«tto,B^e«Uss»d Nassteaath wards of Brooklyn, formerly WiUiamabarg, aomprtoe tote dis-mats, Tom 340 to 370 mJes in every twenty -four boon. She therefore took a long time to approach near the dia test poeslb e r- uittion at length tbe wlad mereeaed to aSUrmSuperiority?) MiafkdjPrica, ate.,.atc.Steoe my la|tw^ bale changed our iocditytrump<" and, after demanding her name and thattransacting the above I MIi-pose w e were occupied about twelve hours. By eight o'clock on Sunday morning the water bad increased to such an extent that it com- pletely extinguished t h e fire under the forward boilers; aX this time there w t s a great deal of excitement among tfce pass* ugers. yetall seemed resolute, aad manifested a dis- position to help us d l they couj(d; to this line of conduct there were b u t lew exceptions; t h e crew qukskiy obeyed a. m y commands, a n d worked remarkably hard; there was some little confusion, but the majority of those on boar.! kept quite silent; tbe fteam now decreased ao much—as it was impossible for any human being to keep below—that the engine stopped of itself. About nine o'clock or h d f ptst mne o'clock the engineer discoveredthat came out o f t h e Legislature with a clear, record,t.rwtsebtbeboatreturnedto tlaesteamer itwasonly udtnebUiJryappeasedht'evwryone. Cot*jtbia time Wilson,aabereceivedonboardtheintieM:nniethecan-: byth»ctmoittxtrtiorthattbearecouli bekeptdown",oriybored.e*.-.'nTOft»wfeetthuBfar. The ex ndrts are sugar, l».njjr. Ljkt j ear Ui sagalf .crop in tbiii.(••• ;> • '•'•.<NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, QCT03fe| II, ISCO.-TRIPLE SHEET.')i • isslcre- c* J^rww. and wae Ooacty Clerk o*Klagsooua ty rrom MM6 to ltoH It Mi reported tons Mrreceived the 11mmatioa ef a povttea tf this wtegAt Boston Captate Leitch ordered dinners for all the theatptem. "Ithtekohois.sir,"respondsthe assseiigeisatabate],sadmade arranttlBimUw* « statdtetavtew Ttesdor A » t , c « d e m t a , d i e .fitferttktf'rople—•aaatthemasthead. "Doye*naajkeeatwhat she m" tbemdlforwardedtotheirrespectivelejotes tbe captain and the man aaaonaasd that she It happened most fortuitously that the Bra brake eathkeabng There waa a aaebraexe btowteg, where it did, as tbe wrack waa then in the track « whinb soon pu.anead to this painful suspense Tbe little coasting aad foreign bound vessels BadOur neighbors ever m Brook>]u are geuteg waasd uporaft, which sfterwarte tcraed out to be the brig Minnie,any other port in Karope bat 6dwsy,have been more than half wayfrom St.Johns to _sad t h e chances are that sbe might have bin nail away aad a', ber pa^engvra besa tost,aad her fate weald haws be»n a s unrertain and dnwstrous a s that of the Pacific aad other - tfimersoattketrcano.datesforthesereraleffidea'!JB>beatodat tbe next gcterd election, and s.re acw Mtyfawni forwreere be has held several ijcd, town and ward ssneam. Be was s member of Assembly te less), atd was slstpiy aTba dauriat » aear1»i*»«*s-p Coaaasgbt.ef to* Galway Hue, arrived bar* Goo"' nolw teemed to be the watchword an i aestrraaoe tocastiaditted by ail the passengers, none of whom are of the Coanaogi'V'nnd leave Oalway for this Uttrgeyesterday morning from Boston, by tbe Fall liver toe. Ta«'r eecd-tron was on* of 4eetrtatloB,a* everyteteg tor?withtheirte»t>»«<^tteelaatec Iheytod«•, «*§ tan w*te the Btesmflhip basweBt. 'freaa cuavwrsetioB w to toward of then, the idtewiag pameaian of |haaumcer -** * *BBMMBgBi»*»heboidheronthatoccasion.. "Wear>safe,praisesbetoThesplendidBevf.Steamer Le.owterwill barBftreated tteamer. aad it was ton o'clock before it was perfeet gale, and coatioued iEcreasing till BUnrday evenft* wad oa the ITto Mew from the wee*ward, aadto-n^rbther- was am raeh good time made, ail went well canton. Whir, theguns were Bred, however, a flag waa veivd ta the engine room by aa engineer on duty, who Im-thought site could eve a bear the report of tbe Connaught's tng: about eight o'clock thenextlmorning a leak wandteoo-quietly at anchor iff Moeva •-erona, Isle of rl^es, a littleThe democratic divisions assume a aJ'sspeat- attitudehoistedtotheriggingofthelittlecraft,toshowthatshe mediatelyreportedIttome. iquicklycalleddlhandsoa heard and understood the cgaa); aad so gladly waa this deck, and issued general orders! in effect that tbe leak beti«•toturdeyeveateg,wben theCoaaeugbt,thoughoaiytoer eays oat, wan aboat half way toaei tor from St. Jobae, N. F. Her«; shea -rioee gale, which oant:ao*d till daylight on Sunday.1t»teawassonee*3, andtheraleatwhichtheOonsaarnt dashed against it ao rap 1, that in the Btorning that tbe waa very small, aad fears > were entertained into tne engine room and forward stoke bole; these werethat wben her oaptain ascertained that tcere were nearlytne important discover? was made that ail the fiaasa, ex- six hundred persons on board the tteamer he woe!t de- pa* into active service, lis time baling«•?'«**twoerthreehadbeenwashedofftheportwheel. clinerenderinganyasaiatance. Buttberesultofthese cemmeosedbyaportionof"thei ,whowerespTttedly assisted by not a few of the geru The united eftuber damage ef a torn mportaai nature was aieo done doubts waa tbemost joyous disappointment in the lives tons of the passengers and e:irev were kept up ior quite a »•» this storm When the wheels were so disproportion*l of tbfiee by whom they were entemped. Viewed from time, aad not without a tovoj tble result, for in a shortt i e lofty deck of the Connaugbt, which was 330 feet ton*,a iL* satonai of their power o « r the enaaaaght, to steer the i>rig stemed like a small boat, eves when she was time the water decreased, but,at'agnntttheheavyseawith accuracybecamesodim- withintwohundred yards, aadhermasts seemedvery tostlong,forthewateragaintlicbtiy higher than the Connaugbt's bulwarks flowed with great rapidity ini the engine room aad form" that sbe was dmor. unmanageable, aad over tbe poop deck When tbe approached to ward bunkers; and si rapidly did theleak gam on usthat controlled afiairs before the iplit «v<f the Datrlit triet B e has represented the democracy ia aeward ef Attorney atii! hold sway over one wiif of-the party. their l.calcenventx nr, but has never held aay perrttedssanraace received by tbe steamer's passengers tost tbe stopped ts speedily as possible. Tbe engine pumps aadthat pest of toe^eat Indies, the yellow fetter, and aebeing thsplaae to^rftgh the Spanish government sendthe officers anJ iroope-ent oil* to Cuba, iiy'order thatthey may become|iod|mated before sending (tarn to lessbrdtby tocditlca,»r It to d---i a resort for tevailds from d 'partkiof tbe ialaas otCuba, as well asfrom) tbe ChitonStates. It has very tew. attractions aside Ire n tbe adu- jbrity of the cibnaj$,*hd, did it not have thi ito recom- ! was at' once told upon the table, whereIt still tiambersfirst cheer now arete, as a testimony to the irrepressible delight vbiob bad seized so suddenly upon every man on board,aad precipitated from dismal neepoodeacy to on preeeceatoo joy. A t tbe brig drew nearer it was perceivedbilgn isj ctioBS were uxmedially gotready, but proving insufficient to toe requirements of tbe ocia<ion, fall the deck pump*w*r*fortbwitb rigged. Shortly afterwards two portable fire engines were got ready aad conveyed downTbe question of Presidenttol prefereneek has been before tbem twice, and in two eeparato and diktmcS forma, aad yet the committee remain nc« committed to either of th« Preaidentiai cacdidates. A resolution was at first o&ered to endorse the nomicatten of Stephen Al Do&giai, whicnschooners'andUgfi afterBariagtakensevenandaha?daystomakethe aaisty.Mencongrateiatedeachothertadawait smokecomingupfromtheaft|stoke-hole,andreported diOerentbocts,orwhichare alwaysonitanl atthe cidrwhetteritispolicytonominateornot, Tnepresent trict,Lusdeclined,and U.Comttcck, Jr..a lawyer te ats.andwbentheir1srvioesare prospectsarethattheywillaotnirminatftaseparati- Nassaustreet,hasbeennominatedtohi*placeMVKHiMf- It was tnree o'clock on the morning of the 3d j ed patiently tbe progress of the arrangements MI. wbea «be arrived atthat port. A.I theffor their safety. Nothing can give a better idea of tbe state of feeling o all on board than the meta* tames in the city who ooaid be procured thataotasou*eaboardeither partoik of refreshmenti aasuy wen-imsmedlatelysetto week topntnew floani sincetbevesselsprangaleak,norevendid anyoneseemtbe circumstance immediately to m e; oo hie stating to not required a r e mehethoughttheshipwaaonti.-e.1ordereddlthe tber-'verume;.i- force parous and hose to be brought on deck; these were ed, night a a d d a y pnt m active service and used t > t b e fullest extent; w e t timely warning a btonketeaaddl otherappliancesat ourcoirmaud were Wehavei&foanAV used to extingru'ah tbe tire; buckets were used in con-id in ssniag, being j licensed b y ticket, b u t cast their rotes in a way thai wKl strengthen keepaconstanttook>utstation- theUnionelectordticket. jComstoak to a new maa. aad aas aever a d d a a y office. O I O N RATIFICATION' MRKTTWr).A grand rasas meeting of the opponeate of itepublieaa* was held in the City H d l Park, te Brooklyn, Man evenlag, in which three stands were erected. T h e prtectad a a e was occupied b y Mar;tB*Kalbfletaeh, Presideat of toe Common Council, who stated the object of the meat Tag Rockets, reams candies, eaktium lights wad otter law-to r'»«! the subject of refreshments a thought, though theyto this vIciBttyt Largo, aad tbeof tb e Isle of Pihwli onl from Havana wj-'iexpecting a vesM ., a n d give the cruisers are mine vicinity twocargoesareexptkttodshortly them w expected i<j toad a t DayTbe candidate4 nominated for the; Assembly are, a s t class, far better than tboae brought forward) to this c.ty. am. miis.,wl'.L few except.>as,Ukea mofe mSnentid position in s a y kgtototi • e body, a l l parties Having com- ptetrdthertickets,anless it maybetheSailparty,we furnish this morning the antecedents of ta4severs""can didates Tor Assembly —tmucus siream of paseesgers ian-iea from the boats o' tbe .uie t«ti ^aejters of the «c"«ei<« ciJ not-fully mak.e thena- Cortanght. sBprne fear* were now entertaiceu that tbe j wbiie the paswecirers were being passed into tne boats. hooey and m as ^ s shipped t" this1 On tbe weathcrtiue of the vessel the iron became sothe |tea' '-.lehinery struck terror into ail on board,and •praai!? the paasengen;, most oi whom ware on deskWilson, oc haling .t ubaerved to him that such a cir JUTI tile of the steamer i tbe plates of Iron commenced warpstan** was poasibie, demanded a hawser from the in.: in evtry direction, thedecklbecame quite warm, ta tonnaughttomanetorethatthetwovesselsdeed,simuchtothattheheatcouidbefeltthroughtbeair-oiiii' t • over s j :|tog8beud| C moil >f aucir and former'y a v big. and siected to the ..e^isiature. in tbe thirty SvL tboHl while tnis fs!<oflh£S,byaunionoftneAmericansandrepublicans, y<.aritwillna-.'itoverynear,i*'notJUI.onehiin-butarteflexcius'-rciywttttherepublicansupontasingshouii' not separate sooner than he desired At darkThe toeitionef the Consaugbt at this time was very j it was observed that the comparatively totali deck of the ) fortable. the pitch commenced melting outof the seamstired tboeoan-i~! IBof sugar aud forty ive thousan-i bis teat at Albany. B e is engaged in elastic rooting aud 1sott-f of oae a th»es, and what cpuie it ttill more< uncos- o f t h e s o a r d e c k , t h e s m o k e t o i s s u e f r o m t h e s k y l i g h t*tm Klic were nsiiisr farioasly around theI be onbeing asked byCapi twitch if he thought bej and ttckebole hatchet'. At this t'meit wa« ac utter cedd u t e V]'rcea the Ccanacght. the h»r.nc master ofOf moiaster—^tujjipcrBas.- that shuws wei the pros p e c t s o ' t h e ' c C n S r j r h B d g o e s t o p r o v e t n e p-.d m c r e a s e oftficdiitro |p*reisuoreasonwaythi[placeshouldthe mac'.J&ctere»tf CEemica:oil.T n i S I ) A.-SEMBL TThi5d'.ftriri.comrrtaiDg theFonrtto anil Tenthward*,was rwrestutedintoelas;Legtetottire bjyToeoohilnsC Cdlicot,Er<i,whohasbeennominated'|ybothwioga*B r e c s r o - s s g h e l a y o n h e r t i d e , h e r d e c k b e i a g a t a n ) b r i g w a a a > r e a d y U w o - > g e d , a n d B £ s u e u a d a c a r g j o uboar'' the deck WBJ^the only place where any one couli 'and companion way—X,&J Iron, theengine roc-rc, hatcn,PfSTBTClr.nig.« ot forty Ave oeerees with the borizon. The jisland,for tvmg a Hue ces* Tne CTHA' .t-prajJentisthewantofatug*ttithereis««eia! obstinate:y con-j lite b'igr rwrrtietl that he would '•stand byas longasj impossibility foranyoneto look into the main abaft f-rwry Sigtiwavewatted|tn«reskuc.onboard.'' nilthesec.rcamaUccescaiio-1jenginerem:Inowcametotheconclusionthattheve*icott- then."«tmridrtsnt onthisside>f* it posse *8 *dv#taslBt iver erery other, harbor •„,t>,-'dJuyTei'water and easy cf<»;.-«!eei vessel, at-1 ttUfced ir>blow heavily.twine tt .p, whicn *as no* aocamp itely numaaag«- 1 forth cheers irom both vesselr The arrangements whlsli j t*-l would inevitably be boraed Uiv at about cine o'clockon«I '.-.r.;.tiijbajmoe:useless sofar thing tor—• liaaa'tohooner or tighter ts thentt. ap«.ii*thatowns'itcoargesmiltowingany licerned: and encrmousiyatc-attoD>-ectbelyuncoeitroiabit:an':atthecruetmercy Iapt Lettcflhadmadefartheremovalof thethirdclass sithedeaieau Mnnvoftie•n.-ocaenv-entfromthe!pairr:.:••:.wasaduiirabie, Tbemectort.ietltudouble etu aad KKEIHJ with cteere who tad remained below ic ' !.n- ot both sides •-' the Connaugbt, except amidsfaipe, prater er dw}.«ndiLg coaTetaation Men stood on the j where tbe beat waa too intense to allow such a plan being j eat*, coining o n b y t h e great iron bulwarks, s a l utterly ' pat into operationP F toenro^rcilft!throoghtome portionsof thedecs,as veil as throuRh the first skylight, w et blanket* anfthehosewerebroughtquickty'tobear,butwithonlythe democratic party. flye years ofage.Mr.C. is a mapabout thirtjy- liela&gradi^u|e of Delawarencapabv »f dotsg anything to improve the condition cf '»a* ship Fatbi aad bucketa and evterythmg were, ui• ,nsed, iccaatoaaUy used to help to keep use leak m cheo*.bst each attempt to get the water overboard wt* double tines, and directed the mec to pats my anre powerless than those which precede-i it. them on along the o-ecs without say delay. This tacuitttTbfre wan. however, no confemoc of s a y BOticnabte kicc. i ed a i d hastened this mos. difficult of ah movements. If,Ihe a*iomn miease ana Egyptian darkness of tus scene : for instance, a woman or child hesitated to cress tbewtre aa appnUiag coatrast to the notes aad clatter of the middle oi the tteamer, where the boat waa now scorch-till lairj, which thepaaeengers sad crew bad so teng ' ing, tbemen were directa! instantly to move them past tetn accuatomeu to bear Now aad then the com , one after tbeother, sad allow no hesitation. The chil-neadisg voice of Captain. Leiich and his officers rose BBjh above the gloom o i t h e dreadful aight, a a d these, wna elaahmg ofthe waters ware theonly reliefs to theBat the worst bad not come yet By far the most terrfate aaa dangerous element of all w a s now about to joinwith the rest m owviwwertBg th amp aad all on board. what they were doing, aad when atght came lights about half past ten or twenty minute* of elven, every at- Tin* waa aocry ot arc. the annoiinoopaoai went round , were passed to men at mote mtervaia along this line, and tention wsa shown the passengers on board the brigan si *61-pert, and pec-pie could only bear it and altogether perfect order and rapidity of motion in the tine: the captain acted to tbe moat attentive manner to rensna t-oweriess and dejected, Water, which right direction on this dreadful occasion ware fully main- d l dike; the last w e saw of the steamer was at about three btfarewascuaaldered theelement whichwaejtamed.Thewomenandchildrenbeingallremovednow, o'clockAM.onMonday;thenitappearedonesolid toassiroytheUveatiailononardandthejCaptateLeitofaorderedtbementopassalong,reierringmassofflameinthedistance.OnSundaywespentour »ip heraeif, was now regnrdad as the most pow-, to themale passengers',and with a loud cheer for the time in sitting and laytng round on the decks of the •rtel friend in the aewN discovered daager. Captain captain they took their torn But the state ofthings now brigantine: while onboard theveasel many of tbesteer-Lsnc&tookbwstandupontheforwardpanofthepoop hadbecamemoreftignuuithanever TheironBidesof agepassengerscametomeandoffereddltheyhadtobe test, aad wben tt was aajaoanced that smoke was pro- the tonnacght biased wbea they were rolled against the saved, but when they gotsafely on board tbe brigantine •atdit,; irom the front of the cabin, he calmly directed an water cr toshed by the a area, the flarcea began to make the ?appeared somewhat dissatisfied, aad called fur soft •filer'to proceed quickly sad discover the cause of this their appearance throagn tc deck on boU» side* of toe bread, as dry biscuits were being passed around, when B-Waaafenriut alarm The officer soon qnteBry announced tuamer, andeffectually bloo.ed np one tide So close the steamer was abandoned, I think it wasin latitude that there was Urv abaft tbe boanra. ana that the smoke was tbe escape that In Ave minutes more the escape ot about 4'J deg. Z. mm. N..anu longitude about 68 deg. below »aa so great at to preveal his discovering every manin the forwaj-i part of toe vessel would have 14 mm W . I thick the lire originated inconsequence to precise Icentton Tbje Gaptaui then directed tbe been etteetuatfy cutoff bv the Sainte Tbe transferring of tbe felt around the boiler taking tire; the fire •wjrnn of the tteamer whence the maoke emanatei of the men to the boats, though, waa neta matter ot originated ai the all boiler, on the starboard side.rarely th* cape-a-they- a r e ooliged to and frequently VCSSCSB are t w o weeks too harbor aftertthee are loadedAlter the transrer of the cabu passengere he ordered tbe womei. and children to pass along between thesedren were also kept moving ia the same manaer. Butlb.?* doable line of m en also served two other most im-portant objects, tor a s t b e fire progressed a n d night ap-proached, there was a good deal of restiemnesE among the ss the smoke aad heat now became intolerable; rame passengers aad tbe craw, which was undoubtedlychecked most Efiectaaliy by having ail their atten-donedthesteameritwasabout fifteen minutes afterten o'clock P M .and wben wereached tbebrigantine tt wasera failed to prqpay, that their letters wodfrbe forward- ed oa receiving the postage dae thereonijind whereas, instead of diminishing, tbe number of sucn letters coo tinnes to ihcrea|ie, to*.- showing taat the oniteiioo to pre- pay ia istentioa«u.tt is, therefore, ordered, that from and after the first day of November, 186*, all inch un- paidlettersbebent'totoedeadletteroflice,tobedtepos- cd ot in like mapnag as other dead totters. |4the last evening of tbe session, aad appealed from thedecision of the chair, which, wasremand by tbe mast highhanded partisan ruling ever known in aay tegto- totive body.twenty-eight years of age.Snoi'f. BY TAIOSG ABSBBIC—Coroner Bchirmer heid anInquest yesterday, a t M o Fourth street, upon toe body dtions engaged constantly, at-a their minds occupied with,J" be ima*e«llately drenched with water. Thai much delay, and as the tea moderated towards night and•*» qi.:ck..:j done but l°« more tbe water waa tbe wind fell very perceptibly, tbe disadvantage of .theterawt ,m the f renter was the fury of tbe fire. There darkness waa in some degree counteracted. Finally Cap*.••*etvapneataonboardthesteamer wooBOWwent Ietteborderedhisofficer*andcrewtousetheboatsfor Atthetme1discoveredtneConnaught'ssignalof hvetvamongailtoepassengers,making known Lbereal theirownsafety,while the rttmea were now towering distress my vessel washeading N X W,under light teu*reofaffairs wnjcfc uwieea wasby this timeapph- thirtvorfortyfeetabort*thedeck,around themachine canvass I Wastheflrstperson onboardthebrigantine •ast toeveryone. ry aad lighting up everything m view. Tbe crew gave who saw tbe signals of d'stress, I immediately bore down1658, bleeding Kansas resolutions. B is ro'ilitery career, !tntheeiscrictwillbeawarmone.Uteamlaitoh.seeing;thatthe immense <<aaattuesof, threetastycheersfortheirgaihvntcaptainand departed. •»*** bad to good eOectapoa tbe Ire, after some time The tatt poat tbtt left theCchoaagbt finally carried theonthesteamer.andsoongotwithin hailing distance,or as near ss two hundred yards of the ataamer. This was abouttwooclock1'.M Ihadonlysixmenonboard, four of whom were Spaniards, and couid speak scarce onecldenlni death.FATAL Arnrmrr Samuel Dartopahire, a oat .« of Engcaptain aad bisartt officer, and the Uoffaaught was at •servare la be clewed down tightly Tnto waa unti JI iangtii alone anu at the mercy Of three fearful elements,FOIKTE ASSEMBLY DLSTRICr.This district is composed of the Second, Third and Fifth•stereo, ail nam; • on deck, and brer} hatebway and e»i Tfrom tbe effects oT Injuries acaldentdly receive** oc toe Km?: inst dc ffpm the opot-r countr that Garner. wards rd Brooklyn. The regular and national dennatcy 12m alt , by coming io contact WHO a circular aaw attenrd tbe proguna of the Are was now pee son. of theMinnie real themselves amoog the passengers on deck; it wasWaco, and, the-/ante having been prov on him. hong therein tfi<-eth inttArrivals atitd Departuli. AKKSV.tLS.l/tjiivi*'—Rhm Margaret Kvaoa—Miss Mlua-wbh Franks. MissCharlotte Trtoe. | A .J '•7U i . . S C MrPfWBtathartuHii and am-vani. 0l«s. <v, Mr aad Mrs M»tbew Wilks, MJasWJks. sii children aad m m servant. >ew York Mr and Mrs M M Keeae, child.- and servant. Philadelphia;J'3 OfBrler-.. Cork,Joan iv>wnz. hewTtork, t'h&s Bighioo. SeotialsB: .liavid Dongi&s. hewflt'ork; R B Per ry. do. kd Taylor, CJteafco; -t U uuuhtm. Neft- Vork. it Sond hem., uenaaany;CtisaA.R*r<lBiac tsjuum|JasSherwood. L o n d o n : M i w ^ a e r w a a d d o . MUM L o t U m e u -and aboat twenty six years of age He is a h'use car-penter b y trade, and t h e only office that b e has ever heldwaa a member of the tost Legistoture, be was ptog attheNew York Hotel«*b*»br? retarded, the black annoki* ao longer dark•ted »verything, aad a considerable amount of ooafMen-ie•*• lettered among the naatengera. The boats wereorThe liames completely enveloped toe Connaugbt amid only with the greatest diiliculty that I could force them skips, and, indeed, even before ber captain and first oBl 1 to return to the steamer to save the' lives of those etr bad left her. their clothe* were tinged aad their | who still remained in danger; toe officers of theOon-Person.au Iaulilgrnr«Mrs. Robert McLane and temi>> , oi Baltimore, asSBttop?***rt tobegelmreadiaessTorlaunchSagtodthedock* raidsandfacesscorchedbytheintensityoftheheatjnaoghtdeservethehighestpraise,buttbesailorsthe•Jbe eleaini of obatrnetieas Many of tbe women. w/ben Wben last seen by these on boertl tbe brig, the anfortu greatest condemnation ior the cowaroiv manner In which•bey flsat were mace aware that the steamer wascm Ore, . cau- steamer wasoat- mass ot name, whieu lighted up the they act* ' some of the men stowed themselves awayaofinfavor ofdlthecity railroads -fromthebig fJ j down. B e voted against the mot'toe t o yto three an.: to tour cent*. aj*, to insert a new sectmo11l^!,? ;^!*"" *«l*. • major.ty prayeo. aad a lew Iraniteeliy demanded what they shooU eo The children -oc 7 ^ \ S J I * • * • ooaecinae of toe daoge ,and tfeee* tore dM not evbwe ~ - r k tear Tbe makCtcoiin Bnuv'tk—Iric WM Wiliaoo—Meatus H Siricfcman. John Arroaa, J Fraitajiu. |Chevalier Harmodio DeMontezuna, Secretary of tne Brazilian legi-tioo at Washington, is stopping .: the O a rendon Hotel.wapiwciep«tnameagBfba meat of th*urnswithsnta*^^.tl^fl^I^J^^ «* *«« »<"» *»«1 " » purser went •vwywnere thrvofbm*. tbe vessel, *«armg the dmract • « i m m e a c e r t i h a t t b e r « w a , m i U s t n m h « w e o f b « n « r e nTbe pneam iBiiirmeu the men that U was oaaiy WS'i^1 lyte<ff•»veryfewboorsunlesstheH..themscivti-securealtertaegreaiuuiguethattheyhad e a l u r e d . a n d t h e f a c t t h a t n o n e o f t b e m h a d t a s t e d f o o d ordriahtarthirtyhours,naturallybegantoteel,some hungry, seme t k . m y . and many both hungry aad thirsty. The captain of tbe brig ordered all the water, except abte, stifi 1 (eel happy to have Saved the lives of so many otmyidiewcreatures.a tacner uvtraae. ni u democratic, aad toe c^craar^ot-^sUd^the reW,toatMrLtorcymopping at tne Metrorr>liten Hotel GeneralWatkiaa,ofEngland,JMD.toidBboroagb,o:\ d r g i a i a . J M R e a d a a d f a m i l y , o f A l b a n y : D o l o r e s G a r rut aud tamiiy. of Cab* and R M Mills d Lnag tolaad. are atoppmg at the Union Place HotelP. L Plcckney, or Charleston, S C, E Stepnews o' Montreal: B J. A p e toe, of Boston A B Brown, cf Lea don.C T Harris, if Providence; Mr Kiatbdl.of Uexicc and Mr. Witberspoon and tody, of South Caroltaa, are atopptegd theBrevoortBooseABBamabyandladyofl*rrrvidence:S.Pageaad lady,ofCanadaWest JCACCaragd, of Havana L W. Leffirgwel! of Cleveland Mr Thomas, of PhiladelphiaThey a « Mta w£}^J*9*WClpIW&0?a»facers,andibemnstperfeiWfTC p**vMrT*T*Mt wATOwaafsawTO* wlsw3 WftOit- wbnteofthntof beef, about tour1with food andclothing ofevery description atonce.tngiand. » f Pi .1itntler.Swwxr!jBtcrpcnad mJracuitnary in their behalf . T?"J?J***«•attaaadCbrtntaas,aadTHE VERT JL.A.TEBT. Bosros.Oct 10, ISfiO.adeiphia;JH an dackanc. Na New tork;This district oonswte of the Ninth and Derraati wardsIt waa rumored that four persons wsra test ia removtagthepa-spent-*refrom tbeConnaagbttotbe brig;butthisstate of affairs didnot toincrease,andBoontiontothetostLegislaturewsstbttofnotarypubMc. Be was a chairman of the Committee on Petition of Alien*, a member of tbe Library Comrrritee, ateo of the com-cruiser, tbe Cbude'dejv eoedito, on SeventhAssembly district Heisanewaiaa,aadnow '.•on, each oee ef them beta* braced together ia all be got in readiness. Tbe port boats were first got out. this tide, but th' irs to beas luckless Is wear*,BOWe hoisted three sig-«h:ch HE't^: first that started wasbackagainjkeeptbeboatsoctheleesideefthesteamerinconsoent:l'altenboardwereremovtdfrontthewreck. Afl• afterawhi'e.it*seesomewhatmoderated andwithRreateveningaaddarknessrameon.hosever,itwasverydiffi-jcartwesucceededingetttugtoeboateontheleetideof the st.amer, st that the;could receive tbe remainingtheTi-ioam', has: bean , nominated b ywere three life boats launched, as also four other*, comprising a mail boat, two cutters gad a fig At this timevery fewof thepssieiig*rs manifested anyparticular de-sire to convene. The first boats were launched about owing to my three o'clock on Sunday afternoon, tbe last one in tbeg r a c e e v e n o n r buitings arebepartia> success. About half past nine o c ock tneoassen„ high i*.••<-. aotbjtt vwssehs prefer taking I chance ofat anchor: tUng o u t oi'On'Jegc, at Newark, Itelaware. axJ aftcrw-ards attended therewas a large clot of biood or the brain. Wnetuergers were ail placed in the bcata, and soon afterward onthe deck of tbe brigantine; the Qames could be no longersubdued . ibey brok* thrcugh ih e forward sdoon skylightace deck with terrible force: in a abort time the flamesextoi ued up to the masthead, and dmost instantlyburet a" the mainstays and other ropes, as also a sailthat was set on tbe mainmast to keep the steamer steady.At thus time a boat which hi; 1 just returned from thebrigantine was sent forward under tbe lee fore rigging toget some provisions, if possible, tn snort,dl that could b. tt mtereata every cltttec m the United Staloeceared received the injury wt.Ue m the city privon or oa Black well Island remains to be -een Coroner ftern bi^ w investigate t h e matter today, when II is hoped that t.iemystery attecdingtiieease will beclearedap.got out; I cow sent that portion of the crew which re raained to thelast boat, aad with the assistance ofMr. Bouse, m y flrst mate, a n d others, examined t h e ship to see so one was left on board: it was only with tbe greatest difficulty that we could do this,Fog* um<a!TrE-ajCTsimrr. (Jfct. 8 , I860. Whereas, b y a a act ef 3d March, 1866, the.postage upon all letters, except race a s are entitled t o flasa free, b e - tween places IB tbe Raited States, is requited te be pre- paid: and whereas, the Department, through courtesy, baa hitherto, stjpoaMderable labor and expynte, aotiaedthe New Ycrk Hospital, b y Coroner O'Keefe, without a a y overridetheGovernoravetoondltbecityrailroads,bat daebeingafforded totheperpetrator ofthe homicide. to sustain him on tbeWest Washington market scheme, No evidence that oouid throw aay light upon the matter whichheopposedindlitsvarious stages. Be wasone couidbeelicited,andthejurywereoontpetodtoresteera of the active opponents to tbe bill to abolish tbe Alms verdict cf death from injuries at the hands of some partyCaptain LeBch England by the TbestewardsBtoagow,aailjbgOar lak^ftf:The UU ofgpnsatbut would probably hahad sot the Natenddemocracy was not orthodox without a split—itbeingiaapomibieforauniteddenocracytolive uptotbe ferryberantortwoar tone wee**,aadthanswapped:t articles cfcovenant engrafted upon thecreed ofthe party Be was the nominee ofthe democracy te this district tost at Bdttmore without wrangling with each other. The y««, sad ddeated by Mr BriggsTVarfs Beanslanded at Point fitet.ind it turned out to betnrrect, and sixteen of tbem -w«r>»Jirought into f" enfuegoai in a lighter, and landed, on - the Math tt-> rest Lave beju distribu-The Bell army are in a quandary aa to wt?at they thall ted at dtserent pomw a»ong thecoast. Shvrf rs bringing do. Tbeir committee have held one orrtwdlszcitiagitheircargoesIntothe.waysoftoeDoce Vig'd slandtbem Bionsovertbetjuestion ofnominaustg1atiiltett,,battwereSincetbeabovewsaatooadtetypeit lareportedthatgettiBg ,u wiAnpco morning breeze a n d tide sets ic at the name time, Unless the wind is fr li.—which islectures at Vale College. Hewas admitted tothe bar inNew York in 1847,and is cow practising tow in Pine street.He is 'he flrst democrat* that has represented that dis-trict in the legislature, tt being hereto'ore a republicandistrict Be wasthe democratic nominee for Speaker,and received the support of that party hi th e Assembly;was a member of the tw o moat important committees,viz. Wat andMeans and Judislary was the earnestadvocate ofcheap ferriage, and pre*mod the minorityreport for Mr. Briggs, who waa absent from sickaeas.HJ-:, streets on Sunday morning, waa concluded yesterday, at votes on s number of the measures were given for theTM-r*—rW—'iMTOBTasrr TOPpeTitasTBKs A.VD THBFcsuclj—We are reTax MOTT fenuarr Hamtioa Caax—the mquea; in toe case of Michael Healey, of N j . 88 City Hall place, wbo was fatally stabbed at tbecorner of Spring and Mottqnested IO pubtfea t h e following important reerdatloc, ior t b e imormattln o f t b e public, a s well aslpotimastora.we left tbe steamer aad took to theboat when we abac- the parties addressed, in all instances In wmch the writ house Iwpartmeat, that was before the Assembly on unknown. Deceased waa a native of Ireland aad waaSTATEMENT OK CaPT. JOHN WILSON. OF THE BKiU- tVriSB KlNTflK 8CHITFEK.BCALPIR.: CASTAt-rr—WU1 tarn Bobbins, a cblkl tore*land, aged 85 years, died at Bellevue Hoepito yesterday•dry the beat plan Hint CJUW bnvw been itdopted rapiCry destroy urg what •squired so much time and paios word of iJigiish. When the small boats touched thetetar u<e rtrcumsmaoea, aad one whicii wan to construct, tii baard the brig the captain was received brigantlct, a r'-rtlon of the steamer's crew soon hurriedwherwatotthemeansofsavingevery;lifeonwitfimanycheers,anaothersweregivenfarCapiWd vnIvwrd,aftertbepassengersandattemptedtooon violatingtheiri mmurdereilthemasarrestedatLegistoture.HeisanativeofBuiiala,ofIrishdescent CoronerBchirmerheldaninquest.TT—J HIL T PostmasterGenera,who committed suicide b y lakii g a dose of arsenic B eceased, tt appeared, was in reduced circumstances, ane to end a life of misery sbe determined to commit suicide. Ber huaband.who to a batcher, was lying sick at the time of the tragedy, and was unable to reader ber aay assistance until it was too late The jury rendered a ver diet inaccordance with theabove factaTs\a»—The San Avionto Ledger an engagement oo tbe Mead waters of a detachment of regular soldiers,atmosphere for miles arjtmd the wreck. Captain Lcitch . down In the forecastle: I had to Oght tbem outof tt andoad tot forgotten on* important point before leaving the j lore* them inso' their boats For the passengers of theConnaugbt, which, though important, was likely to be steamer 1 coold procure butlew provisions aad lesswa-aegterted oc such a trying occasion H»? ordered wine ' ter, the unfortunate oaatengers mostly subsisted on rai- Livvaroot—Bteaatghip Perala—Mr Leali« mland; Rev aad giving the Legistoture poc. to alter or amend. His Miss Martha H Bott.ol "frtrfolk, Ys J U IJUOB orSl!i2r^?^*^|fttaeraikltoofcj,ordespontinglyaactare4toeachotherthattherewas»)chancef«>-tbem term to theXbrie but the heat was to intense . restformedpart Ofmycargo Thewomen behavedadW.V PEPAKTrRKS, MrChasTKoTtn^Jyigtacd.MraadMraTaos*Hart.I)ariln«-Toronto.CW.andC£Nobieandwife,cr Bu"*.:-tre ttopp eg at tbe St Denis Bote!at';provisionstobetakenfromtbesaloonaadtrans-|sins,aportionofwhichtheyDroughtonboard,andtbe 1nameusree-orlcn!amongsttoeJ^,^„:,„!^rMarketthe several railroad and the West Washington Marketbills over the (iovernor* veto- rwTMm«ver axjftsssriB^kTA?^.wmOf Pbitodelpnta.and Mr.Crosby andwife,oi Per .arem the cubtir that it was foond iatpetalbio to I mrably, they appeared to have more nerve than the men. carrythaioroer outfully, andcccsr,,ent; sutasmall : Ioelieve'tbevwerethe least afraid of tbe twoparties. quattitv of the neeeasartes of life could be arcuTe<i Tbe J Although tbe*occurrence has caused me considerable tro-i- pass*t.iters aad crew oi the Connaugbt, now taat theyMsjor Georue Cnopetning and Dr Blake and party al'i io Be afraid. They fatoarad to reatora oonadnuoe little wbtch he reserved for a future occasion, to be When tbeMinnie Schifler arrived at herwharf imme- I 1' Thompson, ihta Hugh Orel Belfast. Mr of Brooklyn WOUsm C Jones, the person that repre-i W l passed round to bis numerous charge, ia the proportion ' TM f *° "aaole them with tbe ansaWi sen acd sou. tt Mrandkrt P L JL Mew Tnrk; sented toe district to the tost legislature, has received Jt-ko Word-"do; All ndibT It Dick, Mon O Bekrwad.>t»livkilC "Jr. Philadelphia; SarahLe*. thenominatieaoftheregulardemocracyofthedistrict.diate steps were taken b y Xasor Bros. A Sweeney, agenwofthe fidway Steamship Company ia tlii> ciiy, tore th*ordistinctionefmVJktod. HeitmorningUevetbewantsofthepassengersTheywerefurnishedmore'Mrs.ItSi«t'? ? 1 w * t l * f "iwithatthayweremthekaadsofagnatandgood ofawineglasstoeach. Afterturnaglassotwinewas**••#•»*hJVHBgsBswWr'"sfradBsTtTwbramstktmawamratmilBJteTsrmsent round to each oae oa board,without exceptionBaltimore.MrsVle, Philadelphia.Mr* KTys«u.Haiti Mr JonesmanativeoftbedtyofNewTork,andaboutMtotKateKinival, EdPGardlthirtyeight;beisastonecutterbytradeHereceivedI'hiiadalpBia Chas a<tawny. S3; an oflice to tbe Navy Department through tue influence ofBWIlkins.Pato each person on board,with a satail piece of btecuii, aad it thatthesuppliesofthebrigwereentiretycand which aeon toiiewad th* mat of the ptvr aad their a t e . But the welcome shore ofsettswasBOWfullnvtew,aadabout three hours wardsCapt Leitchleftthe bate tealed to the share a t Scitoate, Mass., where h e promptly wwaawtdatwgboai aadiisspsschsrl bartothesTtantewithdidthecaptainorderamahto•Ttoftdaybreak, to kick oat m afrdirec- wtth the exception ef a little water which Hillrailway ticketstotheirdestination,aadthose remain Verdertrnap.Mfo KKenddl.,baglandBt'oie.doi» rackstotakehietaattnthetostlegislature Bewasahwba n^antiywatchedbyallaa"Aaalltothewestward " Grant by these word* Captain wa onboard to beared,possible wsa promptly aad cheerfnUy done byeto'tiraad t r fHli"il*lldrKBgAbHowe,WIand Mr and Mrsfcanret. Havana:UnK'tum MTflITYnrk. RohtS CWinter,doPHeariqaes R Pltunmer, aneLswti aad 8amae' AdamKUlot, Ml•ana: « r H«n aiker.Wtort. APPurrea.ogteer, doi <j oka Wrigh'.,ofthatcommittee consideredtherailroadschemeswhen hewasaotpresent Be voted for.cheap ferrtege. His vote to recorded against the big gridiron, but to favor of all the others, including their passage over to* Governor'sand member of the Provincial Parliament of Canada. Hon. CMIngersoiiaadfamily,ofConnecticutiMayorTbatober d Albany:Gen Granger,ofNewYork.Wdtatm*>Uyaad famtiy, of Rbiaaheck, Gen. Towraaaad aad fam.;y, of Albany J. W Fdmonds.of Boston J. •saderooo!.smallptteeservedaVtrerrlsdr. i-antic* Phi*atoning~ round, he added, directionstotowhertoBoston Thetagbsatsoon of distress t p . " AH eyes ad the Mmale and took bar la tow, hriBftegter toCacada: EWalker, IYork.KPart.ern. Branoi. Jtog; ssma; Mr aadUntitled Documentaad two chUdreti. 1 . Mtet MartdenTBempaoo.'Harid itBaker,Uuarpool*y*ri. MrlEI and Mb*smith.< Thomas M. Tryniskid son, aadMrs WPsw.raiou, a a d exchanged votes for other measures to securj its pssaage, which be finally accomplished; but it smuggled by tbe Governor•fabaB tucker.Fulton New York13069 MTba national iataawaty of .thai district haws:i neat silver stiver, te testteaoay of tsaMr apprec^oa a.oati.Those bound out of the city were freely furnished with Jar Moore,iaXlnrk; . L Paaeraon. do, frioaeim LeU, do;-W ] Ttovwy, Cornwall;George Taylor, and resigned his position atwanly(isat WWesi-HasbMwweil veto. Bewaathe engineer ofthebilltopreventboiler Albaay,aadDr.Catttesaadfamily, sffteratoc*. wws«eMrsS explosions, one of the most worthy measure* of the set among tba arrivato at toe St Nicholas Hotd yesterday»r» J Jeftray. Mrbadoeit John Janui. Wiinno.Pniaburg;J*Qutetoaaadchild, KeKebi Baltimore \, iirt;m«nn Rahla, No \ork; »i«o B«>ta,i -; J ruiion. London;f o r k , M r a n dDr vohn will bera-deeteu. , wrgTItA3?RMB11TOMTKICT.Wrangleaortme Foliit.iavua--L.1st s f U - aad that Mr Caz,potli w*X withdraw, tearing theclear to hianTbe republicans have coamated Ladas C Aadn*, aman about any years ef age. Be is a native of Frankltecownty, and waste tbe •irnasltie trade aevera' yean in polltieahy. i h e dbtereat tectldee have) searly a*i trotted Wbeatiaad. Monroe eoaaty , atuied to Brootuyt m lksi,tbeeaatest.plate toeued by tbo crazy pb:loaopbars that enmpowed thedemocratic cmventtoas at Chartectee aad Baitim we, and havetwoticketsiatbeAe'1fo-almostevery©face,Tbeir wan*of Brooklyn,foiaaeili Wytteawtearf, drvisloB,however,commencedoriginallylongbeforethe seatedtothetostLegistoture byCharlesM.The democracy have folio wed to* lasbiOBassembliBgoftoeCLnr'estoaConventloB,aidorigiaatedpeMican. The regular dewaocracw have| Subsequently a motion was made ltd endorse Udventity, and received bit tegd edoeattea atGam- bridge. The only office that be had b e d before toe d e cmend it, would b^rny ever b e known; but, like otherplacesoftummerbeaart,itisafastplace duilagtheat*son Them a*e Bpiepae marble auarries in | he vicinity,and d l the hills ar^oatj mass of it, dthoogb a | rest portionMiofanInferiorojadilr. Thereareajeo'tine]mruigs,thewaters efwhich arp sa>i to possess medicma properties,at a place called Saptape, fourteen miles frot. t*ito place,andtstberoadsa#etonoothandtheconvefaacesgooo,it isa pteasa® e*aBlaj|rl''e; but t would not advise any now aasume the title of regular sad nationd'i havirg voted from first to tost ag* * t toe several grid- onewho had ally regard for bis brainstolalterant to Therepnblicane,whohaveheretofi ibeenanaminority irons, m every shape that toey p..seated toemidvee make the trip "in the oavtime, uniew hennas particu- a-r-o tbe West Washington Market, and other peculating larlywellprlte&edfrpniboaun,forthereisuitaahade in thecity, are BOW in high spirt lover|h* pres-mcts seaman of tbe tession Raving resisted the ravenous tree n o whole aunaace. : mentioned in if tost that before them of taking posseasion oi btrlyAU'toeothoes. lobby last winter, tbe inhabitants of that dtotriat mm do ther* *nt> a ter tot' *¥ a -cargo of negroes | tving beenJohnC.Breckinridge, which shared the samefate,anlstill lies unmolested. The ether wiasjof tod dsatneracy#endorsed Brtchiaridge a t a a early dnyl Since that time" mittee of cine known a s toe Orindiag Committee. It they have been cdled tbenational denjjocrady, and under was en hitmotion that the vote kiting the one easttor that title have made their nominations! Th| two tactions rtoge waa reconsidered. He is one of tba few memoeratfie<-e, and then: y are taken to the f ntinland in so divided in opinion that they baVe'been pnable tode Mr Doryea. tbe republican candidate te toe Third dis-paring fcr sea, bu| omBo Wyandotte maki aoce in that port audi.taking anher, she landed hW new and water cask£,ban a s i A98BMBI.T P!.*rRICT.Tfct regular democracy te this diatrwt jjutve thrown works were tbe order or the night. Mr. Kalbfletaeb. excommenced to loadofsugar:buther appear le survey of out and •ring out that she ha) engaged a nilprooaJijmaketh|moatofheroverboard their tost representative, An-irW A. Myers,Judge l«an. Senator gpmoto. John Ooebrane E T. Wood and other speakers adores_ea the meeting* l-osolauone werepassedinturtheranceoftheI'don,aadthemeeUntaadhavenomlaatedtyoungmanbytienameofAndrew bothvesselsareattiniendofthe J.Provost,alawyer,andwebelieve,partoerpfMr.Fisher, adjournedatatotehoar.Irtadygone. TbeSptitshgoven- tberepublicanmemberoftbe test Lefislatnre fromtheCourt oi Oyer atmd Termlnei. BeforeBon.Judgelngraham. ARRAIGNMENTS AND SSiTsWCBS.On 10.—At theopening of toe court this morningMr J. B. Philips asked that the case of James Masse;, be sent tothe Sessioas Tbe Dtetrlet Attorney opposedtbe motion, sad the trial wa* set down foe next Wednes- day.Tbe Grand Jury presented a n imber ef indictSeveral prisoners were then putid-wardiThey were all young men.Charles Livingston, charge, with stealing a coat wcrth99. pleaded guilty Remitted to t h e Sesetoos— lacobaky. charged with burglary ta the third de-.Jnutteriorfittings,wouldnotdis restiootherparties,andtonowaresidentoftherural pleadednotguilty SeattotieHeaaaMBVcourse c f t w o hours afterwards.nals of distress, one at each masthead, and one atthe main gaff Scon after a man was sent aloft to makeobservations. He had not been long op wben he criedout, "Sail on the lee bow ' In a lew leconds afterward,another vessel was observed bearing tbe same way: bothvessels were standing to the nor tic; toe first, which provedto be a bark, passed o c w-thont paying a n y attentionto o r teeing our signals; t b e other was a brigantine. a tthetime,curheadwastotbe|W.SW;thewladfromthe N W .with a very heavy pea: the brigantine boredown£N.1-,aadbytbetimettgetwithinhailingdis-tance, twoboats were manned and a portion cf tbepassengers getready to beconveyed to tbe briganttce; tbedrat boat waa a smdl one and contained eight or ten persons, the other,a life boat, andmust have he'.ipmothirtyfivepersons.themajority:oftbeloadof each boatwsa composed of women, great exertions were st.i' beingmade on board Use steamer to keep tbe Are bj subjectionwater in every possible shape aad maimer war freelyused every aperture that c< nlfi possibly be closed up place for enttrptt.V* and ii--aUe*dau, eaess, an i alreadywas covered, in order to exclude the air and keep the ves msay a farr.Lliar^TaBjjte-? race IF seer amid; tbe tngtuag First. Sixth an.'. Tw:-!*th wards ai_d represented in the Adams pleaded gdity. saying that be was ted to tne com eel from going dawn a great number of the pass^ezers swd that u^tsTj n* to w m a place amougat tne weduty last Letisiature by Charles Keltey, pave nominated Devil mission cl the crime by bad company Li? was sent to were towered down into th» boats bv a single rope cr yh; city i.-- lit with i&£, ac.i if tne T. fiastor.—a Wall street lawyer, and a. man about forty- the penitentiary fer two years Ktrby e trid waa sent toSECOND A«SasIBLY DBrYICt.The regular democracy to this district, comprising thefir•. Bebaaneve-heldanypoliticaloffice.Tbenationaldemceracyhavenominatedlathaidistrict.[<-or Caranagh. .-t liquor dealer. H•>.hasba>i a taste of p.'itti-aifffleasanIospccrorofPavementsin Brojktyc, arinoww-ebesfurtherexperienceatAlbany.Tb>- repunlu-ans n»vc bad eoosiderab'.e trouble to get aperson to r i n in this district. They flrs$ "nominated ft.t). Braaiey, and then S. B. Chittendtu., a merchant W ebetteve'that both of tr«eg' peEflemen have declined ther'lmiJiat.iin. and they f*ve now nominated Marqns.. i>.Moore, w h o rep-etaLted th" dittn:: at Aibany m 186U-y.Is a native of KSSCTcounty, and a man upwards ofany.He ii ati active poiitniac, frequently representing hie teifwlt'i*!. Thew.:>•«oeesationofth«workingef vesselsiLiigalmecemeseparatedintoenigbi.andCaptain teste*:thatthepasteegcrswefcforcedtogn%ntheVc aeclierfaMjth|reatytuou*andhogaheadirt)didnot wardanddistrictin*x>cntyandStaleei*Bveut'.:>OB:waslo« t-red without acci'iest. so creditable were tbe arrange* pr^Mge at i'jBors in mo4«raie juantitiea from the cabin. menu, and safely tranFporJed to tbe brig Wien onflTarn state of Lbiags oontmue l till about the midd**of Ixat bad received her lull complement she immediatelystarted for t h e brig a n d another immediately •acerJiit}' u>counteracting the eflucw oX the leak, and touk her place, then another, and another, till tbew a.gat, woes the tieaai 'pump, which had aaatste-i erih«eaiirtnwcajreryoftheT»se:,ceasedworkia_,aaim-' •eak a.;.;! »>•• everything Hi own wiy. The reasonwi. LuiLi- ..B».j....iiiea Ktie^r labors we*!b<»cau»»'thewale-I**raised IOfaroetheshipaatoreachtalcly. am'd thecleert of all on board; then tbe second j sequence el th". s b p drifting fast <t"WB on theboats, but, rttarnttl and waa Bimilariy greeted, then the third, and >cempanytailst4|Tahoe.theam<good arrangrmeare poorly pav<Thereisaflntmously high—k*udsot meatsvegrtables, th e^tceopt.v/CoftneUovj|raor—avery lurearegularsuppli. Th?streets |1n this respect they sire improvtng. M bouse, out evrrytomg is enor-t.$1-ado/ec egjrslaft-.aanall pound, even trait ia dear; as lor >ught when they ca.!|be got. Irish inging- $ 9 s barrel. | A c artesian' from the weather tide of the steamer, others six boats had received their complement, by' wer-?gotonboardfrcmtbeleeslide atflrstwecouldnotones of th> WcrSj^ •Tiksn an ample sirpp'y ft issunrect toteekresiuthe«3gir» roean aa^extiiEguish tarm.ani cultv>managethebustsw:tnregularityintheroughsot, passengers,thesma'bastreferredtoabov<-wastoedrat1 aD<* t b e prcgvess c f trarsJerrmg was lou-sh slower than in 'lker»by cut off tfre sanpiy oi steaw which kept them in the earlier part or the afternoon. Cheers were frequently j on* m at reamed the U'-igantiBe toe passengers werewed h a s been cuf imffpiccd, b u t it -^ dououat if they everth« island, thirty fiVe year* ago wharf that deserved jjthe name of imandstbi•utrandetotbebar- rate individual, whdj a t that time tbe vicinity of the bay, and wasiarge-l toaii Spanish placesjfcf any Importance wnatever, it has itsTboBtes Kearney, indicted for BMWtlisg a watch aad *10 Tbd prisoner to nineteen years of age, and t a * Judge sentenced him' to taro years at hard laoor la tbe penitentiary, instead of to tbe Stele prison, an optica which a recent act empowers the Court to exercise.cathedral, G©velfjor<» palace, theatre, and'last, but net least, cock mt-ill. iiave vteited annuel revery ptooe oc this side 4 ] to'* ialsuad. a n l ievert: on the north side.bu; )»! jape can compare favorably'with thispurpose of aiding tbe cheap ferry question. B e voted toHis only opponent is Baraaaos B. Daryea, a lawyer Matilda Mast, a native of Germany, aged twenty-six,and Major General, who baa received tbe repuolicaa no- mination MrTturyeaisanativeofQueenscounty,aad about forty five i w ss admitted to tbe barm 1836. and baa ever since resided in Broiklyn. B e was appointed Supreme Court Oommltstoae* by Governor Seward ta 1842. a n d anbteuuentiv Attorney to t h * Corporation o f Brooklyn: was tbe District Attorney of K tegs county from 1848 to18s4. Be was a member of theState Assembly in leoS. an-: served oc thtvCommittees of Ways aad Meansproved his fidelity to his party creel by offering, in deathiiSf, and a num^nr of mdiacs, on the26th of July 1 fc Tb* Indian? were uotijl pursued and and Militia and Public Defences: was reelected to theforced to a h ion their loose animals, mfiich, twenty Legislature ior 1859. and served on tbe same committeeseight tn nun. , wer>- captured. Majoif Tbotnas aad During the controversy of the session of 18os forthree pnvat»t re BligbAly wounded. Another eogage- Speaker be voted. when not "paired,' which died yesterday to eetmeooenee Coroner ftambie bewlan me&t occurreddjHj'the 27fc uit , near CamnCoiorado,be- was frequent, for Robert B. \an Vsikenberg. Be inquest upon toe body oi deceased. Verdict—acc-denta. tween Corporal.Butter, with a command of iegbtprivates,aad a booy of iodiabs. who had been robbing the neighboring settlenajpts, Private Coaningbaitt wts killed. through which he nasReceived thettttoofMajorGene yean old.wasBedded to death byfailingintoatub_af- Tin- Indiana tiedgafid from tbe quantity of Pood scattered .rai.tias been in commanding tbe Fifth brigade of the j oot water d No 1M Seventh street Coroner Sec inter throughthethicketsitwasfuppceousome.executionhad ntii'ormedmiiitiaoftheState. Hewas,in1868,elected \oeen done IndtonF were on tbe nfirbt of the 6th President of the State Military Association. The contest : held ax inquest upon the body yesterday. Verinstant within re*milesofthetownofPJUoI'tnto TheCitizensthiski sefjgtiogottacompanyegvolunteerstotry their bacdf oil tbe red stins, after e failure ofJohnson's etje| tip*. The TtiejrapA. leai from Mr. H.one of the teen j isajflBed as Indian* who upontwoyoung todies i e lime ago, carried tue oft, and alter have both renominated James Dircy. member of the last toe roaociactorj corner of Ninth and frJtoento atreetemeoVtter Townsof th e Committee of Jnternd Affair--Governor Banks, of Maastcbusetts is Btoppnr at toe 1 ifin Avenue Hoteland Counties. H is vote is ' recorde-i r <1 roDBon.do: J J superintendent of the erection of marine bar and Charies sstelton and tody, are stopping at the LafargeBousechlldrrn. fcgiaad-i homes. Cuba; B Pig*, do; A O Villages, butfor some cause or other. toe mantgtag eptriie Boa. John Boat. Prtetlaat of the Grand Traak Bairrnsdteg bar* wtth boarding bouses aad money Everything ,>a-I*B Cam; Taos1 Msnebester; " Mara* and two a member of the famous Committee on Otties aadhave bald a aaatailetantteg CaptateLeiich,hisofficers aadcrew, aadalso CaptainWttton and b is crew for their noble conductNearly $360 have bean subscribed for the aid orthe of the 9imr"w*« raatainlngin tbeSIXTH AaSMM&LY DlMTBJCT.Ttjtdtotrict, composed of tbe Thirteenth Mid FccrteeatkFATAL FALL FROM A LADDB —Bernard McKieraan fdJ from a ladder at tbe Lunatic Asylum, oi Buck wall's Island, on Saturday, and was so severely Injured that be saw •tentemt' tot madaf>y toantate pernall toad at their pramee of Capt Wlteon aad ate gal wo give t h e bteheat credit to t t eWe naderstaad that the passenger* per ^f*TM**^ Glasgow, aa berrecent voyage from thit •'"fi^Ttoa Captate James stott Theaatoa, ber " ^ * ° * TM ' TJ-, <-Wirrbeatert-Pans,Hay, aVk\mft309South 4th Streetwww.fultonhistory.com«Hf» 