 of tte United "totes, thereto, with ta«having rafercam to 2 Z " Lbe keot «on fitoe el VUBVetrtr respective klegfmatWioMns, ManItmrvUc worn thereof our »« presented u> toe g vero ^ ^ r ^ oniy be , u> the g *w»BjgM «B which UM c h l a j 1 ^ 10 ^ made: •a *l»ico UM citiMa that all eemmuntoatiooe respecting rack claimsMOI at writing Md W «* record, an • " awEse-aw-*- w _ tota/hasr* w m* raetMaar to each Mrateter aa«7 knowm aiiLcroi connraoi Orpmntion of the Democratic NationalIraaklmdeaey. He weald not support Douglas bt amyTaora k eaasMerahle exoawmeat to regard to Ute dotagNew York had besa shot A rumor orculatod tor BtTsraJ hoors peat, to Ute eflaet_a, by aigrve a written i a t H f , l l t » i U t a .T>e erry fs qnist to-night Thera to no public speaiitr at beadqaarters.The votes of tae delegations to day aredteattegtlie emanation of rjaogtee. All the Deogtos dele attend the Convention. This will chaage the programme Convention We have sjasm aaatesgst the» at tae hotels gales voted to favor of UM Soft (New York) delegation as far as regsrds atasssrihisHrto Col. Heard wiU doubt and mast bear Bate am to BBsqammwe aad asweatesy oor diptoasetie •#»«At tile earnest sola llslioii of members of thesetts detegattoa, Gen. Cashing has flaally coacludedrFrom the Calla* Mercury, April 21.]' The cry to am they train by she railPresidential Convention.Mecttei tf a Dvaglas Mai for Te«- »«7,anxious confab with Talbot, of Mama. Fartey, of Maine cal power, me v are ta danger of losing Uie prestige of said premises, haviag tae same eflsct as a judgment of a •-outhern con/edaracy. Gammon ! Secession of the Booth is talking sociably with Wales, of Massachusetts. The, that moral power, which intrepidity and energy to Uie court of record until tbe said bill of expense with mm- em t-lates il a black republican President be elected. Mer- agree decidedly. Wales has voted we don't know bow maintenance of rights can alone create, lb be wroagfalty rem, has bean duly pato by tte owneta. The vartesa btetherskitiBgl Why, sir, if Martin Van Buren wen noose many times, at different national Oonveauons. for assailed and endangered, implies waaIraam; bat to auomit esses will at once bo proceeded with aooordiag to thatorary Chairman.Fierce Fight Over the New York R i v a l D e l e g a t eThe police captains of some of the wards reports aa heir returns yesterday tte manner to wbteb tte observ-ferred to the Committeeour Territories—and that their onion in favor of liquor stores of this prectact were generally closed, exospt latter forty seven. Mr. Douglas vtettod Uie House today, Sancho Penza to the illustrious Don Quixotic. Douglas ranks, to —king up some sort of fun tor the their moat popular candidate for the Presi- in three oases, where tte offeaders were arrested andand appeared quite mnJaareat as to hte fate Such are Uie ideas of Uie thoroughly saturated devotee* amusement of Uie crowd. Colonel Ezra Trull, of Water dency, te bssed on mis denial Shall aot Um South bo aa taken before Justice Breanan, who stated hto intention of Dooglas still remaining in Washington. The- town, wbo has beea laid up oo account of sea sickness snited and flrm| in Uie maintenance of their rights, as Uie to oo operate wttb tte pohee to executing tbe tew asAc., Ac.,Ac.at Charleston Be says ho hopes aad believes hte frteada will make ao eomprnmtees, ask solor a day or iwo,tooat again, and exhorts for Douglas North to in uenytng and overthrowing mem? Moat justice soon aa be should receive a certified copy of the mw." faith to unbounded, and granting their hypothesis <•- Captain Enoch Osgood, of Salem, is so full of the Douglas always succumb to Injustice—right to wrong* And te it Freoerick Pope, John Stalling aad Eappal Waeid the unconquerable popularity of Douglas, their reason eitctricity that he imparts it to every one who approaches ecntteteat with Uie vaunted dignity of human aature, snd were arretted for violating tte law. The latter waaare onanswsiable. But they have been aptly compare him. John Babten. of Maine, cruellies everybody who ot our far.famed free institutions, that toe oppressed shall held to bail to answer aad Ute others were dischargedh a not oertata that New York will rote a unit John mittee on permanent organization.Ike Progreu if One S. ft. fipauldmg—Xeio Paaengen OutOld r"lu'i<.Mns—Th DiMafftetUm. cf the Maitackusett' ar-le parliamentarten.. Ha great Influence among UieOashisBa will split the delegation rather than let it go tor Douglaslie great fight will be about the platformBonglu men want the Cincinnati platform, pure and aim»fe, with toe Dred ircott decision eciordlng to his inter-amat..K Others from the North will instot upon aneataioaal resolution against squatter sovereignty and theIres Scott uecsBoa, with their interpretation, while theam'hern men will demand Congressional and federalMekttion of shrvery ta the Territories and Southern Cheering and excitementBg*gatioaa which ateod by the Wood delegation to day air. COOKcontended taat those who were admitted to•neither have this or retire in s body from the Con the floor had a right to participate In all the acts of or-*ejlm in regard to Wood. They have not beea able sissippi.George, Jm&s? LarraU-;—the tVucowrin Delegation, ami 9 John Fitzgerald —Besides at Osbkosh. Is of Irish Where they Come Frnm—Mmnetota and Col. Cavanaugh— decent, a man of wealth, aaa a whole routed, genial genattached to A'kins Hotel. On loosing into the vehicle aing salocn rear me corner o: I'anal and Orchard streets, on Saturday night, about twelve o'c.ock. be aaw tba prisoner standing in UM>door way, the priaoaer aald 'toe kill a mar." ana soon afterward* a poixi-man ame along and arrested bim Policeman Wngbt reposed that upon tearcbicg tte prisoner a rag aad some chant e oovestaln ith bicod were louud in tin possession. Zwn Germans, earned Peter anC Gilbert Gay lor, were then examnei. They deposed, that as they were Handing at the corner oi Orchard and Cacal streets, with tbe prsoner. about midnight ou Saturday. deceased aad toiac ctner peraoaa came up decease? offend to fight tbe prisoner aad struck b<m a blow: both men cUncbeJ and alter a sh rrt strag gle they leil to the ground; the witnesses (tat ixwaee any ariTes used, did ni>i stay to see me end of tQc lifhi Ite, oxdical letumooy of Docans Beach aud GitUfuer was then presented Tbe Jury after doe deliberation, ren-with ate datagatton m regard to organimatteB. Be I what he ooald privately to hare half of Um WoodUie delegations.A resolution was offered requesting Uie credeaUaJa tobe handed to Secretary Fisher, of Virginia, and demanded that Pernaado Wood's letter be BOWroad and referred to me Committee on Credentials.Benjsminare new the talk. Waiting to see Judge Mioot, oi NewCOIIJBTC*on TBBKOKTHRrvaa-Yesterday afternoon the ferry hoai Pbcsali plying between Hobofcea aad Christopher street, was roa tetchy tte steam mg Fraser,c^minVup tte river with a tteop in tow. The Phceaix bad about twelve feet of her bulwarks carried away, aad oae red of the ladies cabin was dashed into splinters. r ortuaatery tbe seals there were unoccupied, and no per-TheMr RiauKD^oN, of Illinois, spoke in favor of harmony and urged gentlemen to keep calm and preserve order.Row in ike Fifth MassacKasttU Dxstrict—Civilities at Sea—steamer Ktytttme State—A Night Salute, <£c , dc The Fpaaldirg left Baltimore at six o'clock last evening,and » f sre now (9 P. M ) off that terror of sailors.democratic cause man say other man in this state. He is a sort In law of ex Governor Tioty, wno was for a long time a d* If gate an-i representative In Congrsss from Wis coo-sin. Mr Fitzgerald te a Douglas man, every time.10 Charles Whipple Ma splendid representation of me lHmt"ermen ot Wisconsin, six fe»t, three inches high, well proportioned sna athletic: resides In the North westernlast agonies of death, lay a m«n with a pistoi shoi wotmd In his right temple Tbe man was removed into the hotel and a physician called immediately, but he breathed only a few times.The deceased was at once recogniz?-! as Wm £ Sterling, of me firm of Sterling * Hrotbers, lealayCaamdy, aprrratoimtorfromcajarleaton,received by frteada of Judge says -Everything If bustlehare, however, cenvaased eaoogh to if on the ftrst baUot we can get onlyA Ob. the » t h , has , in which Uie ISouthernmajority cf the delegates te the Fifth District Convention they are prepared to take the tone of am* orde* ry aad oslved aad accepted Joan Coasry. af the FoertaThe op to aim te vary bitter, bat there to ao talentCharUtlm Conctmtum Tke CaJcniaMsiae, New Hrmpthire, ami Maamrhimsfti, reader him a termidable candidate to the estimation of some Eastern aad a targe proportion of the Southern delegates, cjfrcrssiso ASP Bcrroif BOIABG on HOARD TOT STAUUILVU.of their position, and to be looking to a future of trtol am trouble. Certainly, since Uie foundation of our ooofede rated republic, never have toe premonitions of change and revolution been to plaialy visible to Ute political heavens as now. Never before baa eectionalism, fromUm leaders.1 The cry of a " DaJted BoothMr DimtUumdJA*, tkm ef ate Aaamato 1»«i°vmBwmi J»m*o/gtaatajwa>Tha nist spasms of soamskarm over, aad our aew both parts of the Union, loomed op in such blactaess and S2£sSSXSSrz fte- ^r-^ frknda—Uioee taken on board at Baltimore-commence fury. Even in thai Convention, where there should bea txzle.M f O » . »best for tiuthrte.The following Senator, and members of the House areat Charleston -BHdell, of Lootetena: Barkadaie sadVEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, APRIL 34, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.• • reported that there la a letter here from Douglas, Convention that it must adopt a squatter sovereignty rner ry damsel a aew silk gown. And she would have i vigor, snd talking cown the administration witn the same ol a great and iree people in the maintenance of their where tte proprietors furnished meata oaly, and posi-stallsg fee will accept any platform adopted by the Con-tively refused to sell or expose liquors "Captain Decamp, of tte Twenty third precinct, reports —" Tbe liquor ptaees la ttto precinct, together with tba public gardens, were, without exception, earned, aad aa intoxicated persons were seen "Capuln Curry, of tte Twentieth precinct states tbst tbfl places where liquor Is sold were gaaerelry otee»«. <ms arrest (Henry Bremer) was made early la tte monuag; the prisoner was discharged by Judge Kel y, with a repri- mand, as be bad aot received a certified copy of the law, and was in doubt as to its jumoicaon. Sunday amuse- ments were entirely suspended.The captains of otter precincts cot mentioned made ao reports concerning the Liqaor taw.•tmtcto Island latwlilareiFBOBABLE M.CBJMEB AT HOSaVILLR. ST A TE* IfiLA*TB\ Early oa Sunday morning, at Roasvilte, State*, island,Mr. John Wood, a respectable resident of ttat place, west The Democratic Natioaal Convention assembled at •be Southern States. Thus, upon a strong inde member ot the convention which framed toe constitution Mr Barbour, and gentlemen of Uie Virginia delegation found lying in aa insensible condition ta a bara yardttek eta haveB.•aa, was chosenfinally refused to tbe Wood deleplatform aad put Dooglas upon it, or burstThe despatches received here to-day are all unfavor- able to Douglas, and indicate that Guthrie, Breckiaridge and DlckiD»rn are in Uie assendency.grvmg b«r giddy head a toes of triumph, dawn came th< tail of milk, aad with it all her foolish caieulaiioos. Jo* •o is Mr. Douglas paraded before the Charleston Conven '1 r —a pail of milk with the cream off, hte stock ti trade.ite republicans pretend to be afraid of him; be- really they do not expect anything quite so good for thei- r>orpo*es ao Ute nomination of Mr. Douglas. Their firslittle axes, except Ute representative from Vermont, a seed lookkg, able bodied, full fitted gentleman called Frank Ayer He issues a bulletin every hour, giving the latest glimpse of Uie political horizon, and Uie latest jEa»e oi caucus events. Things seem to be growing more ana more mixed every hour, to far u tse Spaulding and those on board of her are concerned. Bate are ciiereu that Doogla* will not have 126 vttes on the first ballot, that be will not be nominated, aad mat mereARRIVALS AT CHARLESTON. [From toe Charleston Mercury, April 30.]Charleston begins to fill up, many members of Um Con- vention havirg arrived yssterday.HODS Judge Meek, L. P. Walker, Gov. Chapman,and fibers ot ihe Alabama delegation, are at the CharlestonA protest en the part of tke Wood iIBtBaado Wood, waa p reseated to the Convention.Mr. Ftaher, of UM Virginia delegation, moved toe fol- krrk* resolution — ^it appears from tae protest signed by p. otters that two seta of delegate* claim seatsbam the Stale of New York, be it, therefore,Bssetved, That Banner of the two sets shall be allowedto veto at the organization of tato body, or participate in to prsMediagB, aattl the contest for seats by the two saidishall be determined by this Convention l, of Alabama objected.BT. Jama Cothrane, of New York, called for the read tog af the resolution.A moat terrible scene of excitement and aproar foiBnthsra delegations are staarltog together for the i delegation.Mr. Flournoy is ruling everything oat of order adif puubje popularity of Douglas. He ia the man for u* TBE PROCEEDINGS OP THE CONVENTION they say. Let him be put up at Charleston, ani oui Baltimore National Couv-ntion of the 15ih of VUy witMtttitrirTxa*, General McCullongh, of Texas, aad Hoa.H. M. Phillips, of Philadelphia, are at Uie Charlestonvented in favor of the Wood delegation.will submit and bide hi* time. What»tae can be do' Wisconsin to the Charleston Convention :—The platform will come up first ia order It will, 1. John R. Pharpsteto, editor of me Milwaukee Aetor,Recorder Barnard, ef New York, tehere. It to said,doabUets, be one of Uie usual revolving kiud, aud bas beea an ectivefend consistent supporter of Douglas. He Ike resolutions adopted to day, la reference to the York to speak on the subject, aad said taat when the let- marked by those dissolving views In womb an was removed from Um Milwaukee poet otiice en accounttor the Wood delegation, though it is not conclusive of the anal action of the Convention. The Douglas men are la high glee at what has been done, bat they have gamed(hash Coahmg, who to strosg ash Douglas, hafactory to Mr. Douglas.Assuming mat he wilt get arm the difficulty of theplatform m this way, he will push hard for the nomination. Should he fail, as he will mil to get It, be will nextbring hte forces to bear to cut out General Lane, and to adopted in the State. He to a maa of wealth and sub- •ecare me nominator; of a Southeastern man, my stance, and a lawyer ia high standing.most strenuous efforts are being made, aot oaly oo the part of tte authorities of Richmond county, but ateo bythe Navy Department, from which Ray is ateo a deserter. Commodore Breese, of tte Brooklyn Navy Yard, bas been very active to hto efforts to briag toeBBOSselected sa permanent shea a by the Committo o* righto, ana would matototo them.Ute submission of Howell Cobb, UMoo operation of Win- 6. A. S Palmer. A substantial farmer in one of the for which be pays tbe round sum of $100 per day, wnich straight like a soldier: very red hair, cut short: amoota alow, of North Crrolina; Orr, of South Carolina: Johnson. Southern counties, and a candidate for Lieutenant Gover- includes the use of the furniture, table service and a full red face, red mustache, and reddish eyes: Jowaoast, of Tennessee; Johnson, of Arkansas; Reagan, of Texas, nor on me democratic ticket at the last election. A solid corns of well trained servants. He has invited the dele very quietftpaitation.the actios of the Convention touching New York was toest hi shoot by some of the Richmond delegation pro ••tog their votes to DougJaa and soma to other cnadi- attea, while the Wood ilatogalea will not give shy pledge. Tha action of the Gun van tarn will have important e (Teenydid not vote for the Richmond detegatton, and Mr. Hunter will ant got even its complimentaryfate. Wiae has his revenge.Kaatucky did vote for it. and therefore Guthrie standsagsed chance of at least some of its votes.Mr. CxAKxxaOf Alabama, protested against the decision of the Chair.Confusion increasing.and Benjamin, of Louisiana, to the coatiageacy of the DODOiniiion or Douglas, wo shall see bow mach it te worth before Uie end of me week. Every individual Inrepresentative man of his section of Uie State, which is richly agricultural.gation tc accept his hosoiiality during Um sitting of tbe Convention, and make hte house their headquarters. Be aidea tote, Hoa. E. La Sere has also taken a house, whereCoroners" Office.THB OBCBAKI) STBXBT HOBIUDB CASS.—The in quest o the esse of Thomas Greenan, who was killed ia a midnight brawl at the corner of Orcbarif aad Canal streets, at alato hour Saturday aight, was held at the Team precinct station bouse yesterday, by Coroner Jackman JenaCrinion, the friend and companion of the deceased oo tha tight of the affray, deposed that as they were passing down Orchard street, near Canal, about twelve odock oa Saturday night, they overtook three persons: deceased jostled against oae of toe men. A souflie men ensued be- tween decessed aad one of the men, when ther both fell to the ground; when deceased arose he exclaimed tha. he was stabbed; an umbrella was found near me spot wnera the attray occurred, and when they got to the stationtion be adopted.Mr. imut* claimed that he had Um floor.Immense coasaaton, and ertea of "Order."been a member oi the Legislature of Wisconsin, and te noted as a lritnd of the system of natioaal improvementsTHE LOUISIANA DELEGATION. [From toe Baton Kouge (La.) Advocate]Mr. BABKSDAIB, of Mississippi, offered an amendment D>legates— CaUutar Whitney, General Butier, Paul R Douglas man since J848.rushed to stop the horse, when be wheeled Into the shed Samue! CalLouii deposed that as be was entering a drink-that the committee sha'J consist only of members from States from which there to no contestOtneral Cuthing—Tke Presidency of the CmvenHo*—The ttrman He expenns more money for me success of me fearful spectacle presented Itself. On tte bottom, in theMr. COCBBA-VS did net desire anything but a fair hearing.Mr. Coon, of Ohio, oflered a resolution excluding only New York and Illinois from participating in Uie organi- zation, Uie entire delegations being contested.Tape Hatters?, going twe-ive knots an hour, and evoryhing in excellent ttim. In addition to the passengers psrt of the State, a heavy lumbering county Is a man of ers in patent medtones at Trenton. Tba suppositionMr. CLASH, of Missouri, protested tha; Ute resolution was out of order; that no State should be excluded whose delegations have been admitted to Uie floor.quick perception and Jacksooian will. Has no second brfore mentioned as actually on board, the following choice to Douglas. Always a democrat.was that he had been shot on tne road, and ai er ueu g robbed his horse turned loose An examination of bis person and close Inspection of toe wagon showed plain!r,ganisation except the Committee on Credentials.A long debate followed, participated In by Messrs. Rich-SPECIAL AND PRITATB DESPATCH* FKOM THEBOOBYabout the wounl ebovtc. moreover, ttat be put tneinstrument 10 tic bauds of Uie priaueer, Coarle* Kabexl, while engaged in a sir*, t fl^ht oo ibe 21ai o' Ap'll, 1*«0 •* Tbe prisoner, who is a native of Germany . and abowt twenty tae years of age. was then ctuimiited to tbaBatten, aad thus split op the democratic party.they are greatly excited about the action of the Con ardson, Judge Meek of Alabama, and BarkaJnle of Mis- stt, Me., (member of Uie National Democratic MONT PATENT.Mr CifflKA oflered aa amendment that two committees, one en organization. and one on credentials, be appointed, Illinois and New York to be excluded from Uie latter.years of age, and te said to leave a family. No Greea of Missouri, snd Smalley, of Vermont, ahead. is assigned lor tte act.• let the other States to join them in the preliminaryBBBBBd Mentioned la my despatch yesterday, but they*fl probably is the matter of the platform. There»* m aa eflbn mads to Dominate a candidate before thePattern is coastrocod, bat the South will not stand it.Jam Cochrane • greatly alarmed at this Southern move-•aat, which forebodes secession, and the others in theaew York «*teratioc are ready to break loose from the six; Mississippi, seven Texas, four Californte, two. Ba peeto'.ly teose from Uie West, are zealous in his behalf.Capt. Osgood, of saiem delegation, doubtful. The West are all ture, unless something new turns up. Osgood noJ e r s e y C i t y N e w s .TBS Mvsrrssioch MCKDBK or A 1-XMAIA—The Coroner*7th inst., it will be remembered that a >m<<uu sailor, named Benry Iiedrictson. living at 161 Washington street, war assaulted by a party of sailors ani boarding bouse ruLners, nesr tte corner of Washington and Carlisle streets, snd knocked rebseleas »itt a Slung that The in-The previous question was called aad Uie resolutioa adopted by syts 254, noes 44.DouglilS, harmony.ofAnui 19—Later. Georgia, loom up.Jury In the case of Uie murdered female found to tte dock 4The vote on excluding the New York and Illinois dele-gations from Uie Comuutten on Credentials waa adopted J W. Brosler, of Sioux City, Iowa, &c.Illinois, a n i Ward, ofTHIS!) 0BSPATCH.A nut 19—Still later.evening, st Uie station house in Jersey City. Coroner wbete be lingered it great agony unit! yesterday whenwith Uie following negative votes:—Maryland, one; Vir- ginia, fifteen; Georgia, ten, Alabama, nine; Louisiana,Ali me new arrivals, except Gen. Butler and Mr. Eitt rertge. have pronounced for Douglas—some of them, es"Morris stated ttat be bad no further evidence at present, to offer touch ng the mystery, but that efforts were still being made to identify the body aad ferret out Uie perpe-death put an end M>bn sufferings Coroner Scbirmer waa immediately notified ot the case, and preparatious were made (or holding tbe icquirition at an early boar this morning The police made foir arrears at me time of the assault, and tte prisoners are now kicked m thalance all in the affirmative. Ayes 244, nays 51.Waod, feeling as they do, that Um A resolution was introduoed requesting the delegatesproclivities for costly liquors are rather against aim. rOVBTR DI8TATCS.to again adjourn tbe Inquest to Monday evening next, a»which time me investigation wonld be brought to a close Tombs awaiting tte resaitol the Coroner a inqueat Itaad Cogger R*g«aay aad join Fer-The Maine delegation is divided, the majority being in favor of Douglss, with me oposition not being oonctnpower of the State is usurped by the gan.zaticu until Uie right to toe seats of Uie delegates te **aay Jtata. He te for Guthrie or some other settled.• » aeeepiahte to Um South. Dean Riehmood aad West- A motion to lay Uie resoluton on Uie table was carrwi— aahew York are for Doagtea. Other aaan are Ear Brock- ayee, 259 ; nayt. 44.a view to an arrangement whereby me vote of the Stale Ontonagon beyond all doubt. Their election may be setaasje and Dteklaaoo. Jean Oechrane la utterly dis- aahd with Tammany Hall aad Albany, and feels he te with the Booth, which expected him and hisgome o' the leaders. Mr B»l<f, who has just returned prising ali before them Look out for so.alls.pose of ascertaining If ner fatter, who te a brakeman, wa« uien a freight train which WMcoming in at tte time from tbe opposite direction. An inquest was held aad a verdict of accidental death was rendered.At Peterson, tte same day, a boy, whose name was not a*rerteined, was killed by attempting tojump upon some carsattachedtothedrillengine,botmissingbteboldfell coder tte wheel and was instantly killed.cannot get Penasjivania, New Jersey or HamThis test detraction, it te said, will oast its Mr CO.TUU.TS moved that It be received and referredluider. is against Douglas un.ess the South adorns hmi. Guthrie of Kentucky aad Sprsgoe of Rhode Island have Judge Davis, and family, of Buffalo, are stopping Bt two was injured. The panic on beard was ooasaderahto •a» Jeaamea Davte.dtlessatoa, at tmat meerlBgMaine D-J has made a political faux pat when aaiied 4this mom to Bcoept hte dechantton of the aae of his he will aceordmgly ho brought before theBIJiTH DSSPiTCO.APRIL 19—Almost and next to positively the latest.aof Harpers Ferry, are' ampping at me Firm Avenue r-he waa called the Fairy (rosea. Staee then N mm beeacoatueraoi; lengthened aad the aaane rbanged te Pboaaix. Capt J W. Johnson, of tte ship Invlniabte, is stopping Considerable btsme te attached to the ptiot ef hasat the Fverett Henss. _ „ nroadbead tugJudge Finch, JBO Cailrn, Esq . aad V ^TMj£ll Bocce Com m CiECTLATttw.—It it^titteFEcnAL W A S H I N G T O N D E S P A T C H hS* SBMATOB ©ATTS—ltEPU»tlI> •!3mn'ley, Chairman of tke tele National Commute;, they hare beea exelaeed from the Hall to which Uie Conven won haa aeeimbtod, • and persons to ao way entittad have beea allowed to occupv their places. Therefore, In behalf of Uie delegation from Uie«othtv to Judge Douglas alter he accepied me uitice o; Coii. cu»r oi me port «f Boston from the aomiaMtraune. COt'KILflES *' S«.»—IPS STEABaK KKBTOXB STATS, FROMLours; M. UeUte*. ewe,m Portland. Dr. F. P2* K'^SS^iSi ^£%TM'*1&&»*District Attorney. Tbe countarfeaB coasmt prmernaOT of quarter dollars, aad imitations of tbe aewcieveriy executed, tttotovued ante thte testcom te very mconventeat aad tU* a m - T i B >•> a r cJLJS wBML^a\p«saaemaa^'a> tpvajispr State ef New York, we protest against their exclusion, whilst the persons referred to wan appear hare aa oro-teaivee are on the track of the fraaeams Mr andMrsJohn Knight.U.8 MrELee- TsuiorTEEMEWSnaatmaaiTAi s r w r o uSHOT— n o n e or TH*w n sounGAxas,ovaaBTXTSBRBR DSSPATCH.span. It—More posttivery UieMr Ca'be^oaod wife,of Havana, -"ivali - •»a-Wapoflta.Vaamawnai,April0, lammataatstoour rightsare pirmttoiiltooccupvoarseats te advance of aa teveatigattoa by the f i m i i l l e i i . ani whilst wo chum ao advantage over oar opponent!, we*>ate, which left Fhiladelphia yeoterday, a'. 4 P. to., wi<b celtgaies for Charleston,hasoverhauledus. Sue has been gradually tearing us for aome hours, auu at aight ret In, she was abreast of us. *W course Gi'more's Band was In immediate requisition, and amid the flrisg of rockets, the booming o t c s n n m , the cheers of passengers on board both s^rps, and Uie strains of deltgbtfcl music, we doubled hoary headed batkras as he was tever doubl d before. It vas a cheeritg episode, sad relieved the monotony wb-cr. * eimcot inseparable from a lengthy sea voyage. TheMississippi and the South generally will fall tarn hoe Inuglaraeadissatisfied:aboltand anotherConvention talked about•nd llrs George Barkrdale. Virginia;E. L. Sullivan,Seneea Bamburg; James Halloas, Engtand; A. W. Bahammto, aew steamer recently built tor _1 • aa» Baaunef Baatlay moraing, hi rerrusato, ware among tte arrivals at tte Clareaaoayester- waa tried yosarroay aftoiaesa, at nat ***** warBE,DJCO-cBABiaatuK, ,_latest Pav « of Mississippi sod Bright of Indiana —Maseachu-to Uie Committee without a reading.Alter much excitement It was adootod-The following te a copy of Uie letter referred to —Sr. AsneaWs HAii^April 23,1890. Tr> vim CaAraaus or THE NATIOSAL CoKvmmus —CO! U.CTOK WIUTM.Y, Of UOBIUS— O'KOStiB SCI IKK. A t rsiritd out Town ana may submerge the entire State ofTl^ere is danger ahead Cork up Uie bottles.tte Brevoort House. _ ^ Ju-ige Little,of Newfoundland,and B F. Hnod• TM°•not mitigated by tte knowledge that Um Phceaix was> n\A at,<' r<.tittv hfwrr.o >,«••. K..IM i- lio> _ ^ _ rery old srd rirketty, having beea built ta UM, wnao• ^ t e i h e tetter of Saastor Davte oa the Presldenttel •hail aot submit to any advantage wroogftUy obtained OTorua. Very reepaclfulry, year obedient servantsIWRLPtB DESPATCH._ _.. Aran. 19— Fiam•"•aae,atathesmiacorrect. ThtetetterwaswnttsoBreckinridge ofsrenow the "go." TwoBty-two hundred •*rreJf.pu7 fcoorboo wnfcsey oflered by Brecamrtdgos frteaaa. tore pop.FERNABDOWOOD,Chairmen. F. B. rotxtrr, 10 a^!r^mTttmG. J. Trcsaa, / ""'«-"""-a) me avtat ef taetr ** toasd that Of Mr Da'Ua,preseat. ateo a awsteanmber af«atesaa.exceeded the ex—^aaaoi exaeded Uie e x w s a a w - ^ j ^ -x ^ _ CMTtonwday••OtPtetas;at arrerai frteada, Mr. Davism ****»» hte aama, meralr kmviag it m thew . B a s a a a t e ihvto, wteam Mr. Davte wasM mm o'clock to morrow.9M—Tae undersigned "inlnnas aad Secretaries of the orlegatioa from the Stale of New York, representing thehew mailer progressed, he anawered, "It w all right'Ri.t antn aaked "What ia ri^ht'-" he aoalles blandly and Fernando Wcod, or New York, atid Pike, of Arkansas, repeate bis r<joinder. Talka about selling Uie hteaaacho are erciy "token of. They can carry almost anything, atiu oelegatioB arecpen1) isdcigedin. liom Arizona to copper on the red.The credentials navtag been handed to Um Committee, ttteada la a I astern to the aaaaesef Hai enmetioattm Convention adjourned at three until teaHere Ute wires—"Greea seal'—broke.mayF^ac:s Tortu » u:: v i> ' tv-.r laater thai. ii»c t^aulding. and is parent'} a ve*j See ship..it. Ib-s is seat onThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069The Committee on "redeatial» were in aamto-i dnrtng the afternoon aad evening, hearing arguments In to..' N *j u t ahead ofc-'arrrnl si Cba-Ssrton TSie Keyttotie State is ab at bf r, fcet we proceeded to * 2 « IBvVrybortjl?Z%^m*Z**,jottdservms. •she wUl, ao eooht, be able to doIt is universally cenct. ed mat Mr. Collector WhitOu.f ra, Sutler app» «rs 'o have examined Uie subject la>TH DBoFATCH.aaaacandidate. orgarizatiocofthedemocraticpartytasaidSlate,haveih-iongtyt>«-'-o;««'mu>»«iiEghimceirsgaisstDoagias. Esq,anofMilwaukee,are"^?&££££*£quaatityofboguscomteatpreseatto<been directed by the detegattoB to preseat to the Convention ever which you preside, mat by the action of Mr. Ins uadertuiod taat Geaeral Whimsy re-artirm«*d bisArm. 19—Positively Uie latest. Cuibieg, of Mastacbuastte, aad Barksdaie, of Mav r'FHpp.', are now dividing Uie attention of the detegatea.MatiaUuittis wll) cave.Hrn a Merchant, ot « * * ; » « • J-*_•**g"p ' f U £ d ctiy, and severs! eomplaints have beea :forn,.,Hon I. W ^ ? £ A f t t £ £ : Esq of » lice headqoarteta, as well aa to ex Jadge Iteoasvah, C'aVk>-ytteae Stale is reported » have rome twenty Doagtestomer? himself; but or iLis we shall know more urym ILII ancaa ot toe » 9 « « ^ , J a a e ground1ausci mroads from Uie Norm and West brings delegates to Use ess be oa hand to contest Um Boat of Mr. B F Haiieti, them demeanor. We see well...•awtfmf of theMOBS PII.TMT TSVEMEHT BOTBteROBSERVANCE OF THE SCNOAT LAW, ETC.Tha above Board mat' at eleven o'oteck yamardaymorning, all Use members present. Cornste Uie Chair Hte meat tog lasted buia short time, i which the resignation af Wm. H. Beaaett,regarded as tothe Committer en CredeaUaM will report la/gel who, it is reported, will be represented by hit alternate— teg mtu everywhere. Knots of two or'ito flavor of me softs, and slao to favor of tb* m^m> fevere •tckaom to Mr H 's family preventing hte attend- Draglas delegates. It te believed Ute softs will vote fo; ance to rerson. sir J. C Lovejoy. who contests the seatareino drunken prectact aad ILchard Austin. BrooklyB foro rteegam oi Mr C. I oherty, says ho has the sign manual of a the camp follower."—are aot yet aaBBsgat us. UnlessAlabama will demand a slave code, and aa effort wll in support of his claims to a seatqutet people, they bad better not eome Tasiisatoa to preotaet, was rltomtoserl from Ute force for violation elIt to proposed to preseat the same of GOT. Cashing asPresident of Uie Convention ; aad, as be to unobjectionableto the South, there to aot much doubt bat It wiU be ac-cepted. Tbero to some talk of Breckinridge among theMassachusetts delegates, hot they will generally vote forCien Jeff. Davies. Sen. Davis's warm friendship to on many of mem. They seemed to feel the rmpoetibaPybe made to ballet for a candidate before the Coaimitte, ca Platform reports.The indications are thai tae Convention will at'jiwrn b? Thnraiay.OCB WA8HDSGT0N COIWESPONDENCE. WASHUCTOM, April 22, I860.Wcam— T5U Bopa of Ou SouOum Oppot&m Ftrty, etc. the labor of caucusaing, buttonholing. Ac Toere have confidence snd harmony, it is plain that men feel as if they daps' u i u . v^- w-.— ' . *** tame aftor ttsreeWill Dongtes be nominated V What othercard can Uiey already been squads of individuate all about the are going into a battle. The interest in ihe Convention is avtioe aas Been served ansa awe AW^AT aw amy to win ? Of coarse he will be nominated He to Ute decks, sad ta dm sumptuous cabins, turning, twist- aot merely in selecting a maa to be a oandtdate for the tte same. The exneaae, when the trant»» nr ing, expostulating aad lecturing on the subject Presidency, bat to save rights, sa dear as life itself ukmg down of any edifice to rjerfermed oader^toamr- General Cashing left for Charleston oa Friday to do hte only man the republicans are afraid of. And do you sop of the nomtnattoto at Charleston. Btea Bradbury Antagonisms rage in Uie bosom of the Convention. The ders of me above Board, toe Cemta^oUar ^rZm^TL pose that the ire eatem at Charleston have gone there te cf Mane, with tote OThanattom fund of geniality, members from the Sooth feel that their section-the pay for, aad the bill of expense coentersteaed ba0»aaj,Tort;Stephen A. Douglas. He does not do so now. Walter to Uie contiLusnce of perilous wrongs, after being above taw., *•••••• man Miemajm «ttl actto cornered with a gentleman wbo has made weaker section ot the Union—te endangered by the ag sottata Southern rights? No. They are lor Uie spoil? a recent Southern expression—starting with Douglas pro- grestive tectioaalttm of Uie North. The galling tea nearthe Comptroller, with a description ef the praeaaMB aad real estate thereof, to he filed wttb Um Clerk ef u couaty. UMsame huamtog aad eoahautag tu he a ternand Ute power, ani they abandon their abstractions UK clivities aad returning with UMBOproclivities confirmed to ttrns of Uie test four months' in Congress, are upon theiruaataat they cease to frighten old fogies. Dtounlon. Staff the last degree. Williams, of Newbury port, te having an minds. Mo longer possessed of the safeguards of physi- for Uie amount of such repairs, wnh interest upon tttejssry to secure the Northern balance of power to Uie demo cratic party, Ute Southern fire eaters would find him » marvellous proper man The spoils—one hun trod milFtssenden, of Maesschueetts—" honest Master Wai ler —has made up hto mind to act according to Uie dictates el hto conscience, and te as calm as a Nautilus 1. a gentle ground swell. Col. Jameson of Maine earnesfully aware of their existence, to degradation. A man and a people who surrender rights without rossttanos, are unworthy cf tbem. They are fit to be slaves—the poor tools of a party—and Uie base irietromenta of onsoraNo otter busters* cf importance transpired, and Um Board adjoorned to twelve o'clock to-dayValtendigham and Path, of Onto; Davte and Bright, of lions a year. What are all your slavery abstractions com and sincere to hte support of Dooglas, te comforting htm LUIOUBdespotism. Not only the rights of the South, bat ance of tbe Sunday tew was carried outIndiana Logan aad McOernand, of Ijilaote; Larrabee, of WateOaaaa; Steveason, of Kentucky, and Stout, of Oreself with an orange, and looking around for a proper per IOB to listen to hte argument la favor of ha choice. Ad miral Peter Dunbar, with hto tall form aad jovial face, isevery instinct of liberty and of self preservation, de- mands a distinct recognition of Uie rights of the South. be/ore her delegates shall be called upon to act ta comCantata Seaman, of Uie fourth ward, reports taat the "Natioaal theatre. In Chatham street, gave a perform- ance in the evening, rramttilng of songs, duets, aad in-pared with this BUMSof solid matter r A handful of fus.aad feathers against a ton of gold. Of course Dooglas wilbe nominated, because be can be elected. And you cat talking of Douglas, sad wishing for Ned Riddle, (apt mon with the Northern delegates, to selecting a common strumental Bjusrc; that all the kqaor stores te thte ore- find a regiment of fire-eaters even in South Carolina, any Blencuard, of Maine, who will give $2,000 Aoward carry candidate for Uie I'residency Every maa in this Con stect complied wttb tte requirement of the Genseal Or.trg on me canvass ia his State, if Douglas is nominated, is venticn knows—every man in toe Union knows—that the oer ." According to this the public house keepers of MM oae of whom would only be too glad to play second flddU having a consultation with a youthful delegate Thomas greater portka of toe members of the Convention Fourth ward have suddenly resolved to obey the laws.This is the birthday of James Buchanan and Stephen A.Tie Sew York and Illinois Disputes Btv Douglas, the former being aeventy two yean old and the to Douglas, aad with all the condescension and devotion c Warner of Roxbury, who to a volunteer Zouave in the item the North, deny Uie rights of the Booth lu t Captain Steers, of the Thirteenth precinct, says -"TheHill Hand to their colors, aad neitherOUB SPECIAL CBJLSLEBTON DESPATCH. nor give quarter, aad will make BO explanations that for her pail of milk she could get ao many egga, an same State, is tor Dousiae—so it is now con the ear of a Roman conqueror, minister to the pomp of directing the proprietors of places selling spirituous liquorsCtoAJunaroa, April 23, 1M0.that these eggs hatched into chickens, would, in a lit'.! jtcturetf—without d wcant or recourse. Colonel Oa bis augutt triumph? The Charleston Convention may fill to close their places on Sunday was generally observed or apologies. Thte te serrmg a notice on the Charleston while, bring money enough in Uie market to buy tu- vanagh, of Mtoneaoto, to talking up Douglas wttb great an important page in history. It may tell of Uie rebound in this precinct. The only places opea were restaurants,•itb the silly maid of the milking pail, wbo calculate* talks Douglas to aim. George F. Sheptoy, of toe net only cling to Uie oppressor, but, like captives behind The captain :of toe Fifteenth precinct says —•• the towa green oae. the color best suited to her complexion. Sc energy. In snort, all me passengers sre grinding their rights, or ol their final submission and downfall.orgrag Uie claims of Breckinridge. Be has bad several great object ia to amaah up the democratic party; aat wilt be a bolt in case be should be As matter; now lr ok, Hotel.* Ken tackyinterviews with Forney, and is the guest of Mr. Haakto. General Watbridge te also here, aad lavors Guthrie.But dive rgitg for awhile from New England people, let us look atof UieMr. Barkscale. of Mississippi, editor of Ute JacksonDouglas, who has smashed it up in the North, Is the "er? man to smash it ia tae South. The enterprising maaa iters of the Southern opposition party, in this view, bav< been among the most active outside trumpeters of the inMr Bradbury will lean me Maine delegation,and General Hen. John Preston Jr ., and many Bbtler it-at ot Massachcreue delegation, arc at the Charleston Hotel.CBABLssroft, April 28, lSeo. have something to work and to hope fur—Uie reeurecuoa of a powerful national opposition party u couaty. lie has been in the Wesv since cuiiitiooo; was House.noon.There • a full attendance from every Stole in theUnion.The Convention was called to order by Judge Smalley, Chairman of the National Committee.Vrancte B. flournoy, of Arkansas, was chosen tempo tary Chairman, and returned thanks (or toe binor.Prayer was offered by Rev. Dr. HANCKXLI, of Charles ton.Wa. F. RITCHIB, of Virginia, was appointed temporary Secretary.Mr. FisraR, of Virginia, offered a letter from the Wood delegation, of New York.The reading of it was objected to by Mr. Jons COCB nasx, of New York, aa not in order.Considerable excitement ensued.Mr. fuaaa denied the right of Ute delegate from Newenoent opposition Southern ticket, en strong SnuthAi. ot Wisconsin, and elected Juoge of me Supreme Court are at the Mills Bouse.grocsc, we shall be able to throw Uie Presidential elec- upon the ao mission of m^ State into the I uion When Mr. Johnson, and gentlemen of Um Kentucky delega- about three miles from home. Hte body was terriblytion into Congrear. from the loss to Douglas of Maryland, Virginia. South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, a'kantas. Florida and Texas.ncsiinated for (''tigress in the tall of 18&8, he resigned hif judgeship and canvassed thoroughly his district, watch is me largest in the United Mates, containing 370,000 peo pie—more than in Vermont, New Hampshire,Connecticut, Iowa, California, Arkansas, Delaware or Rhode Island. His republican competitor had been elected at me previ-bruited aad mangled, with a severe eut across the Maa - Messrs Carroll and Conner, of Tennessee, sre at the pie. Hte domes were entirely lorn from him, aaa htepocket* rifled of their contentsMr Wood started from home on foot about eight o'aiook on Saturday evening, with a view of purchasing a quan- tity of eggs. He te said to have called at a neighboring bouse after having made bte purchases, which place ho left about ten CJ cloik His basket, with a quantity of eggs, which were broken, wa« round en the road, about three quarters ot a mite fromwhere he lay. A| bioocly spot in tie road tear by indi- cated ttat a severe struggle bac taken place, and ttat tte old maa was afterward dragged some dtetanoe and ihrown into the barn'yard mentioned. His rrienaa have to doubt that he haa been made tte victim of a brutal attempt at murder an'* robbery, though at the time ho was in pomteeion of bot little money.Mr. Wood, wbo to about Aity years of age, married but having no fami.y, is known as a temperate, wall im- posed resident of tte island; against whom no enm'ty haa existed wnich ahould give rise to revengeful reelings witntny event, be taken up by the third party at Baltimore mat his family relations are too intimate with the Churcr or Rome for any such violent party expedient: and that wt ile bte squatter sovereignty notions would be of no practical value to old line whigB and Americans, hte free trade proclivities are quite enough to render him out of ibf queatwn with Uie old mdependente of Uie protective school.Ruled out by Uie Charlesion Convention, Mr. Dooglastoe election of Governor Pennington. He now goes to Charleston to roprtcent his State on the Dsmocra- <ic National Committee. His intimate relations with Judge Douglas will gise his acts in regard to me nomina- tion at Charleston more man ordinary importance and significance. It may be stilted that Juoge Larabee is toe enly democrat in the Norm who has aucceeled a republi- can in a Congressional districtThe following at a perfected list of Uie delegates fromMtsEif Bell cf Micnigan. Patrick, of California, and 1erry , of South Carol.nb, are at tbe Mule House.Ex Gov Reynolds, Hogbee and Warner, of Uie Illinois delegation, are at the Pavilion Hotel.THE CONVENTION.[!• ;> m the Charleston News, April 2 1 ]It is sain mat all classes of me country will be equally represented in the forthcoming Democratic Convention, but from what we have already seen we are satisfied that practitioners at Uie bar are largely In Uie ascendantNeariy all Uie delegates have arrived and are to com acv.ter was read he had a resolution to offer. old castle, for instance, to so akllfully changed oi his proclivities in lavor of the "Little Giant." He te a fortable quarters The crowd as yet te by ao means as Tbe authorities of Richmond county are zealous iaHaw York delegation virtually recognise the Dean Rich Mr. Cocu.flA.vit demanded Um reading of Ute resolution into a bnflalo hunt or a canal boat, that we are man of energy aad latent great as was anticipated. Last night many delegations their efforts to ferret out tbe perpetrators of the murderi delegation, aa they are allowed to voce on all ques first.their member of the Onmmitteo on Credentials The question waa put to the Convention whether Uiea all eases hat their own. Thai look* ominous letter ahould be read, and decided in the affirmative.Mr. COCBBAXB moved that the rules of Uie last Conven-willing to accept and believe in these transformations 2. Wm. A. Baratow, formerly Governor of Uie State, were in caucus. The Southern men are to high and in- OUBdeed. Ihe injured man te so severely mangled that over and over again, or anything which Uie showman a maa ot indomitable energy' and a leading spun in the flexible spirit. The Douglas men are very active, boast his Hie to despaired of,may desire Thus me Charleston platform may possibly delegation, always a democrat and firm friend of Doug largely and are rather arrogant Bot bis stock steadily Tax EFCAPS OF RAY —Since his escape oa the 13th iaei ,rurnicb a dissolving view of squatter sovereignty satis- las. sinks. Mr. Hunter's prospects are good General Lane, co traces of this man have bean discovered, though tbaThe PaxniMnrr decided that Mr. Cochrane was entitled to Huuter, of Virginia, so that the Northeastern field ma-, 4. /, 1) Pratt, one of the most active and useful demo-the floor. be If it open In 18M. crats in Waconsin , for a long time editor of a leadingAs for the present, all this outcry of the collapse of Mr. democratic paper, aad a moat enthusiastic supporter of Mr. FKBBR would not be trampled spon. He had hte J* tiers on Davis, the letting down of Ciav, of Alabama, Juoge Douglaa.The delegates from thte State to the Charleston Convention will be ss comfortably /it not more so) situated asany in attendance. In me first place, Hon. Richard Tar dellnquint to justice, sad with that view has communi6. J. H Earnest. Represents the Western part of WisMr. PXBCT WJJUEK, of Alabama, came forward, meant the United States, white, black or red, was taken aback cousin. Is the owner of extensive lead mi/Me, and has at btmself aad menus will live in goad style. The delegatesed the Clerk'a table, and demanded thai he should be heard, appealing from the decision of Ute Chair.The question was put on Uie appeal, and Uie Chair sus- tained. *Amid immense cheeringMr. FISHXR again rose, and offered to present Uie letter from the Wood delegation, with a resolution.The PRsannErr decided Ute reception of Uie letter out of order.Mr COOK, of Ohio, offered s resolution to appoint a com-wub ibe setting aside of Van Buren and Uie nomination of Poik m 1944 but, If we are not egregiously oot at the elb-iwe of cur philosophy, a much greater surprise will fa'I ip'.n the adherents of Douglas within the next ten o»ys.POLITICAL LIFE ON THE WAVE. OUB SPECIAL C0BKB8P0NDKNCE.heart the practical development of me mineral resources of the State Has frequently been a member of Uie Le- gislature. Was an old line whig; now te an enthusiastic Douglsf> man7. Edward 8 Bragg,a hardy aad influential lawyer, a rood stomp speaser aad an irrepressible democrat. Al w»> s a Douglas man.a. Frederick W. Horn, is an educated German gentle- man Bas been in Wtecon<< in over fifteen years, and constantly in public life. The town he resides in—Cedar- hurt—gave Dixon. the democratic candidate for Supreme Judge . 378 votes, being the whole voting population. Has been s> versl times Speaker of the Aesemoiy, and is anwe understand, will transact all their business in the par lor of Mr. Taylor's boose.A New Jersey Padlor JFomsut Shot In tola Wtoflpvm.Hie town of Bedbank, N. J., was on Sunday evening the scene of intense excitement A fool murder, it was supposed, hsd been committed, Uie victim being a pedler.Tbe following are Uie circumstances of me case —Just after dark a horse, drawing a pedler s wagon,STKAITEB S. R. SrirLDoro,OFF CAPS HATTXRAS, April 19, 1860. |WISCQR815 ABX> HXR RaTKB>BVrATrVB MSN.Judge Cnarite H. Larraite. an original aad fast friend Hotel.cf Douglas frcm the ftrst, 184S. Judge L. is a naiive of Hon. Fernando Wood, Mayor of New York, and manyme State of New York, uavinr been born In Oneida members ot toe New York delegation are at the MillsIn fact, the nomination of Douglas st Charleston wouldbe very much like the splicing of Uie blanket by theliianman, wbo cm off a pif ce from the bottom to length*!it out at the top And yet. there are not onlv southern ous election by 3,000majority, but Judge Larrabee not legation . are at tbe Mills House. opposition men, but Northern republicans, who affect tobelieve in the inevitable nomination of Douglas.only overcame ibis, but was elected by a majority of Ex Governor Richardson, of Illinois, hi at Uie Mills I i,.tu votes. He is an efficient member of the pre- Boosesent House ol Representatives, and his name Mirers. Hazard and Pratt, or the Connecticut delega- "uppose that, if rejected-at Charleston, Douglas can, in was canvssseu for me Speakership prior to tion, are at tbe Mil -s Bouse.We are assured, howerer. mat it is a great mistake to3 Perry A Smith, aa active politician from the north- Mr. Guthrie and Mr. Breckinridge are favorites, ern part of the Stele, which is democratic Be has oftenJ W J T Q F lTHE DELEGATES.Jocoisrry tome earnestly bat I, no violence, no vulgarity.aot Baltimore; and order will be praam led by oar efficient and energetic police, it dasa aot matt violates It. Perhaps ear own Uwngbto haveoaa conceptions; but locking at Ute faces of thait appeared to us a gravity bordering on sadness rottenaadreport from rtergeast Lord, of tte Saaaary police,enlltog Um attention of the Board to varteaa to tow several wards to a flttby eoadi tine, aad requiring Immeftett action on Ute part af either tha iaadtorda er the Baeltory tor as. Tbe tew provides that in*^aaws? USB w « swoTFE Ol pgAaMal g^D(By*wnW Saw aw%aaaaBwMssa9 FwU^wMsW wO J * * " , ? * "."!*• • n * r • * * # ^•Jy Betmed, tte Board of Me-tion, sre at the Mills Hou»e.Mills HouseMessrs. Rankle and Tift't, of the Ohio delegation, are atthe stilts Boose.Messrs. Miller, Gavin and Hosgland, of the Indiana de-lor, delegate at large, has contracted tor an elegant maa cated a description of Ray to all the narai stations ia the sion on tbe comer of Church street and St Michael's alley country. He is described as follows —About five feet com lining seven bedrooms and a finely furnished parlov eight inches ta height, right build, very erect, walksGerman population and has been a democrat and a strong came running Into town at me top of his speed. A crowd Louse me prisoner, Rabert, claimed Baa hat property.gentlemen took passage at Baltimore, and have been The entiie delegation rrom Wisconsin will vote forregularly enrolled among the ship's family, viz:—Gen, Douglas as a unit. It represents with remarkable fidelity however, ttat be had come to his death by hte own Benjamin F. Butler, of Massachusetts; Col. Paul R. George toe • iileient tetereets of the State haads. Hte money, amountitf to some fiftv dollars, ax JWe hear that me Spanlnnp will be qusrantined on her a gold watch, were found undisturbed <in the IMJ'.UKU cf New Hampshire: Fisher A. Hildreth, of Massachusetts, arrival, on account of the small pox existing in Boston ot the wagon was discovered a Colt's revolver, with twoHon. Bum Bradbury, of Eastport, Me.; Hon when she left.of the chambers discharged. Marks of burnt powder dered a verdict of •' Death oy wounds received from somaHenry A. Wyman, of Skowhegan, ale ; Wm. H. Burrill, of Belfast, Me.; John Baboon, of Wiscasmczz'e of the pistol close to hte temple before firing. WATCH TO THE SPAcLDl.SUS, MAIN SALOON, VER- This morning at. icqueat was held by Mr Burden, a jus- tice of the peace. A verdict waa rendered attributing his death to su.c-de. Tbe deceased te about forty fiveHampshire.1 aul R. don t object.BKiHTB DISPATCH.AMUL 19—Almost Uie Latest.Intelligence.Untitled Documentof Lou it stana andWelle of New HampshireFIB8T OBBPACHAran. 10—Off Batteraslombs to await the action o(|the Gr*aii .!.-•> .FJTAL AN-ATTT WITH A SUT56 SBOT —On me night ef theCommittee; E D. Jameson, Bangor, Me.; Moses Bates,Jr , late democratic candid ite for Congress from the firstdistrict, Massachusetts, Judge Charles Larrabee, memberof Congress from Wascot sin, and one of me moot popularmen i" the State: Hon James M. Cavsnaga, ex-memberof congress from Minnesota, a truly companionable gen-tleman Eon. Geo. W Kittredge of New Hampshire; Mr- The disaliected are becoming pacified. Some chance tor at Uie York street pier, on Uie 14th tost, met again las jured man waa conveyed te me New York Hospital,APRIL 19—Latest.from New York and Illinois not to particinate in Uie or tasted upon any one man. Ellorts have been made with Gwin, of California, and Brcadbury, of Maine, will carry A M Dunkirk Express on Uie New York snd Erie roadTious one, except taat Virginia voted In Uie affirmative and Arkansas in Uie negative.dotn ;» southern tcur, as far a* Louisiana, says the D<>u gla« feeling .n loose sectioesjsst'oiig, notwithstanding the course of the politicians i::wrr iy '•> Iiougtas's interests. Mr Bittr.Cge of New Ham; shire, lise Gen. Butier, aad Mr T Wlllams, or Man , and Mr Parley, of Maine, be deve that Docglaa cannot oe nominated, aae if he is, meref a certainty of a bolt in the Convention, at least, three Scuihern Staus havirg determined to retire In the event o." hia nomination.Ce). Paul R. George, a veteran worker in politics, who sleci-S wiih one oje open and resting upon all political waiajuvriigt. In whotui veins the best blood of New Hamp»hire courses, aad wbo rareiy makes a politicalSIXTH DISPATCHAPRIL 19, And later Still.Seymour, of New York, and Stephens o' Georgia, are going it with a perfect ruah. Douglas' friends have gone cown to taae a little wormwood.SEVKBTB DISPATCH.Anui. IS—Very Latest.Tte State? were called for the names of Uie Committee to stand by it, though BBBspsited to aat on Organization aad Credentials, and were appointed byvated one._ ^ — City Intelllstenee.will be cast as a unit, !»ut Without success. Mr. Babeon,o! Maine, is sntl Douglas Mr. W;man is Douglas all through, aid to are Coi Jameson and Mr Burrill—Uiedown just as certain as that me Toitec copper mine will was rounding a curve near Ute Goshen depot, a girl 18 tive bouses, ano It is supposed that Ute assault pay a dividend next month. years ofsge, daughter of Richard McGowen, was struck ujor Dedriekecn was penwtreted by persons interested ran MPPATCH by the locx motive, throwing her some fifty feet and caus- ia taking cestomers sway from the eetebftohsaeat toAPRIL 19, And still Later. ng injuries tbst resulted to her death a short time after which be was a boarder. Iae 'aUowu&g named pevaawaOu this motion the vote waa nearly Uie same as the pre ua«r quite warm, and sligbiiy indignant ai the course of Shields, of Minnesota, and Yancy of Alabama are sur- wares. The girl was waking oa tte track for tbe pur-are now in custody on suspicion of ha' ng been impli- cated m the murder —Jeremiah Mnrrmy.Joha *"••*- wood, Richard Wiilnms aad John M a o r ^ ^ • j * * 0 TM opoo poor Itodrtoksoa was a atost unprovoked aad aggra-delegate.Much talk.SBOOBl) DSSPATCHiHiiAPtireiA tealuru* c?.at me memeai of wriiisg, Uie s.eamabip Kevatone setis and Maine go for thte ticket after Um fortieth ballot "M? u t T ' a a t o de Rivas aad family, Cuba, Mr. yet very poor iaccess has i "Kentucky and Seymour of 0eBO!°'T^day.IsrosKAiioKWA»TST>—Several years stoee Beverly Edwards, ofBempettad county, Arkansas, supposed he bad killed a man to a difficulty and left UMState. Thebaa since recovered. Edwards'foot of East TweMtt stroet. AMatembsrsof^ ifand friends are deeply dtotraased at;CttAM-ntm, S. C . a s W ^ j J ^ - £ m If any person can give ang in!oramtion of hn wherea- trlegaids oa board, headed by the lnciamitable ilaot Jus: arrived at Charlestoa bar. K.8. name toan abouts they are requested to address James P 01 iham.*P.everdy Johnson, of Maryland, and John Van Buren,of Kew York, are talked Of In high circles. Van Buren'S prators of the crime. He therefore deemed it advisableFATAL Ran.Ro.ii> ACXIDKST.—On Saturday last, as Um 7eppearn ttat there are two rival boarrfiBg houses in Washington street the proprietors of waicb have runners aeu bullies to de«oy sailors to their respec-Persona 1Hon. E. D. Morgan and lady arrived in town test eve-ning, and bsve taken apartments at the Everett House. items Donoboe, Esq.. Brittith consul at Buffalo,andm e BpanMttog The Rue-sets I/<uisvil>«, Ky. Papers tbroottoMti the United States andexenatged as we pesswatoy pilot boat S. S.Everybody in goou vexicoare requeateu to ccpy agte notice Jtsfrik Adeertittr, April 18. www.fultonhistory.com 