 OT,ai*U »t«t,;^H)e yero^lgonc Cttncg^ gotntdog, Jtmc 30, i»i». mining. SuppMed to have l>een theoutpouringofHis Sp•i-ritup•o~n that popuiooe,but gottenwhatahonldhavelainnearertotbefr hearts— muchbaatwendonecalculated toproduceaUeaatlonJ^iAWREPORTS.Caart af Oyer aad Tenalaer.- THI DOmiaAK MTIBIIIB.The tonreee from whlehthe mooev' haa h"f" ^(880 000tmmm •600,000"^e ««« I«i«» WM o»eof Ihe regnUr St. Louta ud Hcmphla Use. Sh« wu tmUt b; C*p«*Bunu.T,The Boston Pilot laancbea a thunderbolt at the eheol-ilrls, wbote faculties have been allowed no Ihe power of mere constitutional guaranties to pro-aside all x*s andABoaat nstlasaed „ ABMuntlssaedbonds anihoriscd morAtgMaogneat OS handstiaoa ^^•f Ike pnollo, »rd h«s been very »aco«Mful—rcm«n«, end donbtleH will remata forever a motery. Her vaJae wai t40,0(IO, aDd thare la an tnturance OD bar to at. LoBl* aadlnPltt»boigli,o( •39,000.testifiedthathewaaalMtlon from a fantleman, albeit, the City InspectorSi athe 17th Inst., a reqnisltion demanding of your Ex-. cellency, ss fugitives from justice from this State, Stspbiii G. KiiiiiinT and Mast Ann C. Hatch, aitatMabt Ann with tke crime of no- C.Calbous, chargedgro stealing, wblch Is a felony under tbe statute laws of Tennessee.I am Informed by Jahbs H. Swab, thepoinud by me to receive the fugitives, that your Ex -fugitivesf New-York, stilluirwer he has nothing to retractdo his duty, and to refuse doing what bis conscience;After an absence of about three hoursso thatit must have the juryBoard were exetnted quotation at the Second Board fell t4> 63i«63t cent., against 63^63^ yesterday aftenMKaoeeuples,agent to beupontelegraphic noted thia country, but la Franee the otMorva-McParlen, grand larceny, pleaded guilty tocent. Toledosteady*hefbre 'and devoting their time and money to works of benevolence. Until recently, the lower ciaBses have not been reached, but now all hands are in efforts to do them good. And these have that it was concocted not far from the been especially reached by the revival In Ireland. So that taking Britain together, orobably at no period of its history was it so pervaded by religious princi-Rol/son.andthe course adopt. The ing social osaa%jadgment on(Ifbeddingas regards tbe substance of thatnumber ofIncrease over last year, 2,064 ;.evenings,than one side of the tttlh could be Illuminated atearlymctjbnt chargesCity Inspector's office, and that it had In view the cre- ation of a new clerkship or the increise of the emol-knownthe Criminal Coda of this State. It Is not of that classwere 1,400 ; In 1648, 1,000. In 1850 the census report- ed 2,928 practicing dentists, and at the present tlm eence. Thetestatrixwas Robsos.widow of tbe late Georgelenders,especiallyatBank.TherateswiththefraternaldesireofavoidingIncrease The..•3,730$18,IMapectfolly^andthe poialblllly of aneHnsa the proposal for a conference for wtilch no delphia.12,from the providesB. Itt H.13,000 E. B. 3d m. b. '83 91X 100 IU.Cen.R.Scrip.bl8 63trona.'as far as regards the Home Htaslonary work, may be considered at an end, tor there can be no doubt but that tbe other New England Associationsand at 7 F. M.,in such State or English,2CD N. Y. Cen. R.will follow tbeexam^ethey appealed to the Society fortaken"MiUMSOUt conJSB»eunprofitable:He Is prepared toCourt stood Theythe^Michigan Southern'Will not approve." Afier this expUelt state- Bible <,umher of ;membersin Bible classtaught byreflacdoa from the light of the aurora, so that It musthaveemanatedfromaregionmuahatMvethem. Itsheld whileBeat of tke podtion wblch tbe Archbishop at presentthe Rtcord says that tbe comments made bythe ptibUc Press on this lacerated but official state-Meat have inflicted snch an Injury ai he never beforeexperienced, it hints lartbei that, if brougbt to trial, ilts, 1,361JohnHenry,inaictedfor Notguilty. SenttoSessions."nomasstead;ha might eeek tor a change of venae, as the case hasheen prejudged here, but urges Mr. Dilavu to do hisduty, scTertheleas. Archblsiiop Husaxs can save his tervir, from Edinburgh. In the course of it he safsI am unable to discover any defect In tbe requisition, and the longer Ihe lines the mors pereeptible was tke State Prison for two years and three months.acaaeienee by rtfu»tng to obey tbe law and paying Hm fines, and at such passive resistance the people of Mew-Torkneednotoesurprised. TheRtxardthen dleeasaes tlie merits of the law itself, citing Instances In which it would be Improper and Injudicious to reg- ister the names of parties married, and quotes letters which Archbishop HDena has received on the sub- ject Irom Protestant clereymeu. One of them de- seribes tbe enactment as"foollib and useless ," an-*'•therwritersaysthat hewouldhavehisarmcutoffrevealing secrets wtiich have come to his haowledae In the relation of matrimony," and an- other stillthanks the Archbishop for the stand wblch he hastaken. TheRtcordacknowledges,inconclusion, that a Catholic memt>er procured the paisaire of tbe:ple and religious feeling, as at the present hour."The Eight Eev. Bishop O'Conob, of Pitts-joamals look at the subject from a different stand- burgh, has resigned the charge of that diocese. Infor thewhichauthorized, as the there must be at least American 6,000.John C. Perry, for the proponentwithout the ex- of a penny to the State. Tbe other religiousT. C. Campbell, WtU 0/ Pefrici /a»uj.—This will, which waa alaofor theamenti of tbe City Inspector's office, peaseIngenuity longsince auperaeded tbe artificial teeth which were atfor thecontested,;has been admitted.All Abont Klae.The Obstrvert for instance, dismisses It in a Brief BaragT^h. It says that Archbishop Huobxb ** has been making himself ridiculous again." His'*his letter announcing this action, he says; *'It isrequltltlonlency for the extraditiaa of STarainG. KxnnsnT andtbe number of teeth made here has Increased from 390,000to6,000,000. Foralltheaegrlnderawecan-polat.now nearly threeTeaaoBS for refu^ng to obey tbe law are puerile In pleased to afflict me with a disease which htis ren-Hatch,perDisconnts as fBotmlthe exbeme, and measures are already in progress to aompellUmtodohisduty." TheObiercersaysfur-"ther, hJa coniclence must be ezeeedlngly tender,dredattenUon to the duties of <^cemy impoe-ofA firm In Polla- alnglaances, 6p37 perbutweresigna position the duties of which Ias amount claimed to be due them from tbe defend-doubthis readiness for the scaffold. It li act the habit of martyrs to volunteer untU there Is axall for mem;" Communications in some of the ether papers stite tliat there is no penalty attached to B neglect to send tbe register of marriage to the CitySataBtey**- mails at steady rates for Banker's bin*, whs*gieatlyant upon a sale of fifteen cattle.tbe salewas made in October, 1857, at which time Itwas agreed that the purchase money should be paidand that an lereal this weakness.to enforce the law willopinionformed, af-denUata in the sse no lets than $2,500,000 countryI09i®109fiB^eetor,attemptamount to be for the fifteen head of given^The controversySociety is rapidly finding a settlement In the action are now without FreslSents : Northwestern Unlver-aic Illinois, for Havre, does not saB nntil Six: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt H~Usii7 will remember that some years ago one After hearing the testimony, the jory gave a ver- the afternoon, and her list is not yet made ap»betweenSiBd Presbyterians regarding the Home MissionarytSN^-while it acknowledged the right of that body to adopt inch aetbode and such agencies of evangelization asThe Btatement of theikall teem to it best adapted to the end of greatthe fuglUves are Is not a crime under the laws chargedLouis,CongjegationalistsHis SxcelXenty, W. Dcnison, Co«eni«r of tke State of base for artificial teeth.Okio: was made or purchase agreed upon.of your Excallancy's communication of the 2d Inst, H. OiFTABD aatoalshed the Parisians by making a dict for the pulntlff for the amount claimed, t787, TheLiverpool,tl,SOO,«00. will payonthe2dofJulysaf the diffarent Associations through New-England. Evimstown OhioDela-is it will reach aboutlity, It win be remembered that the Presbyterian Genera' wareWesleyan University, Wesleyan University, Moimt Pleasantwith Interest from the time of tbe sale.probability The Park BankIowaAssembly appointed a Committee to confer on the Alleghany College, MeadvlUe:miniatureagainstwind,at theHip-Mead <tChester 6cfor de-DickinsonBbjeeta In dispute with Commlssianers which it re- Carlisle, Penn. The former President of the first Oested tbe Congregational Associations of New named institution, Dr. R. S. Fobtzb, Is Pastor of Uie; Xaglaad to delegate. On tbe 18th the General Asso- TaoHBoir, of the second named, is editor of the datloD of Connecticut met at Rockviile, near Hart- Chrutian Advocate and Journal ; Dr. Elliott, of the third named. Is editor of the Central St.William McDon- Academy ald and seven others of the crew of the ship Shepkerdimi. Ber. Dr. THOuraoa A. Mius was in alten- ianee, and nrged upon the body, on behalf of thePrecbyterlaa General Assembly, the propriety of tbe eenference proposed. The subject was referred to a Committee which bad at its head Rev. Drs. Bacon and Hswaa. After consid^lng the subject they re-Advocate,cent. Your Excellency says "that the crime of negro automatic steam Injector, which supersedes tbe ne- Knapp, which has been In hearing before Jossph to contingent fand. New-Tork stockhoUen will stealing not being known to either the common law cessity of feedlng-pamps In steam boilers. Besides BunoEAV, was yeiterday dismissed, and the be paid by the Bank of America. The FatersoBceatlnue to contribute to tbe old society.Heagutea iiave been takeQ by a number of Episco-ealians to form a Missionary Society which shall beToisntary and which shall give the idea that theChttrch in Its distinctive capacity should perform thiswork. This project had its inception at a meeting of preach in the Murray Hill Baptist Church, Thirty- clergymenandlaymenheldinthisCitylastFebruary tblrd-stieet,betweenFifthandSixthavenues. Clreulara were sent to many prominent Individuals in The usual services will be held in St. Ann's the Chureh asking Lthelr presence, at a subsequent Church, for the benefit of deaf mutes. Rev. Thouas eettng or their opinion In writing on the propriety Gallacdit officiates at lOH A, M. and 3ii P,^„ andinch an Association if they should be in the evening Right Rev. Bishop ATxnraon, D. D., ofNorth Carolina, will preach.Bev. HOBOAN Dix will preach in the Protestant•fanabletoattendpersonally. Aboutsixtyclergymen and laymen responded to the call and were present at a second meeting held in this City the 1 1th of April. Aadcffilty-sixlettersreceived,eightdisapprovedofthe IbmatioB of a voluntarT;associatlon,wbiIe eight othersNew-Tark MlBlBg Board—Jpn 29. Ol&red. Ask«d. Offered. Ailed.organixiiigfor an unprejudiced mind to arrive at a different conclusion."KxamciandHatch werechargedwithcrime,"(the crime of negro stealing) "in the State"of Ten-Ohio.) They were " demanded by the Executive au- The writer adds that orders have been sent to the Gardiner Bill.... 6V National„ fromMHttt"The True Patriot, or our Country's best declined to give an opinion on tbe stibject The Friends," will be the theme of Rev. Mr. Goes' dls. neeting, however, passed a resolution Indorsing the course at the Fiench Theatre, in the evening, at 8cient body of doctrine, or reason, then it Is in vain to ColuiablanS IsIeBoyale 3V tv Mesnardplan propoaed, and appointed a Committee to con-alder Bad report to a meeting to be held on May 9.The itsalt of this third meeting, which was muchore folly attended than either of those held pre- glon of Nature w;in bejdellvered by Rev. W. A-vioiulT, was the fonnatlcm of tbe American Church Bssnxn, at the Brooklyn Tabernacle, In the even-thority of the State from which they fled," and tbe vessels now at Cuba to hold themselves In readiness GnUfordSV 3V North Cliff. 2V an PavabioIV :SS 3>V Messrs. Baxibs. The issue of proposals Is, theiafae, « 4V expected In the course of the next lew watics. A 41a 61 62V V cent stock ataUtUaovsr MseeBBstai«axpaetad.»Boae Hlalonajy Society. PbiUp Williams, of Vir-(tnia, has been elected Presidenting, at 7^ o'clock.Rev. W. UcAlibtxb will preach in the Willett.purpose.the Constitution and the Act ol Congress referred to,the Yankees, and to quiet tbe Carllsts at home. The 60 Rocklandt3 24V 20OSUver Hill.... caah V4 3Vl^ par.V anntmi interest20toclone, C. S., Hassaebuaetta;atS, S., Pennsylvania;that active measuresThe bosiness at the Assistant Treaso- day'sRev. John8. Rev. Richard Newton, Rev. C. M. Butler, D. D.,"Tennessee)havingjurisdictionofthecrime,"your protestagainsttbe Spanishflag100 Colamblaning 6cent.yeaiaran,Itsv<h)ch they had respectively seen fit toWe have reason tothat theon 1st October, willrefoaad to Interfere with exist-es, .a that in effect it sustained theMr. "deUveranoe"The line and staff oficert field,Chicago Press, From all parts of 4tis state,8oci«tyover- is referred to SpecialcomingfiscalMaotia. Thia&e Independent thinks »„ worthy of Nasaau. Itopnrseaaya:>••» who are capable of tjch meaimass as thia18S9,and theliquidationof all the overdue cou- eooats iiarin baHey,towardpersonsofcolor,arethemenwhoiUgmatlze Soerers.polley stealing Isponsontheformermortgages thus ;aad a*AjMriean churches as We are wanting IntcutytoiSe catiaotheenabling new organization to begin the practical work be- fore them free of all financial embarrassment.;, .P><"r*»P";by delivering them to be removed to the State (ofExcellency refuses to do so upon the ground that ton Lizard, and the writer statesstreet Methodist Episcopal Church, at lOM A. M., 'Washington City; Hon. N. G. Pendleton, Ohio; and in the evening Rev. J. E. Sxablxs will deUver aFsisAT, June 29—P. M. Another important result towards placing the New-Tork and Erie Bulway property upon a basis of sound credit, as well as of increased pro- ductive capacity, has been attained in the virtual compleUgn of the Long Dock Improvement andHon. Robert W. Barnwell, South CarolinaEly, Eaq., UlinoLt, bare been chosen Vice-Presi- niversary of American Independence,""negro-ateuing, not beinga orlme In any other State, or at all events you will"imdoubtedlyupwas as followsDavid J. discourse for the benefit of £dward W. Duntism, Esq., has consented toyoungmen on theAn-aadtberer's officeReeelpta.Payments B^laBce:dentsact as Treasurer, and Rev. H. Dyer, D. D,, whose office is at No. U Bibie-house, as Corresponding Sec- retary, while Rev. Henry Anthon, D. £., Rev. £11 H, Canfiald, D. D., Rev. Stephen H. Tyng, D. D., Rev. Ix>t Jonea, D. D., Rev. Frederick S. Wiley, Edward ^t, Dunham, Horace Webster, LL. D., Frederick T.not recognize it as such, as In your opinionConstltntlon for tbe commiislon of which you are OBTS&MJ. OBDEB COB TBI KXOlHKln'AL PARADI.;It is not ofthat class of crime contemplated py the Federalfeet,gtvcB above give promise of a useful career for this aew Offanliatloa.The Independent proposes to carry the war into27,;Frederick 6. Foster and Stephencooapose the Executive Ck>minittee. The names The time has beeir when travelers to this fa-ol ordetermineuponanyclassofcrimewhich campmentonStatenIsland crime,:through,of the Buffalo and State Line Boedworth, Charles H. Lee, Henry Lanaiac, JoaephCambrelengFalls, Wednesday,1860.Heaarv,Africa, by sending anti-slavery preachers to England> step from the cars at our d6pdt now, could hardly be Rev. W. F, Claxxi, it seems, was sent out by tbe persuaded that this was tbe Niagara Falls of a year or two ago. Owing to tbe efficiency of an active Colonial Missionary Society, to Victoria, Vancouver Board of Trustees, affairs are much better managedStatevritb treason, felony, ar alktr crime,'' dec, was most right on Fourth-street, at 1clearly intended to, and does, apply to every descrip- Drum-Major Gbaham will report, with band and latter will be ready for an effective freight business tion of crime, and was adopted for no other purpose drum corps, to the Adjutant upon the oarsde-grotukd. by or before the beginning of the next fiscal yearW. Patterson, Hamilton White, Henry Keep and John Wilkinson.The Boston Dividend list of Mr. J. Gt. MAanv,Island, and as he went direct from Canada, carriedthan that of securing a remedy, plain, full and ade-Capt. PxauT, with bis command, will proceed to ofandaffords theNo solicit- led him to make no distinction between that class ing la permitted in the afreet, but all dfrellctlona ofthe "New-Torkand ErieOctoberBrokerof thatfoUewinc lecapitQ.with him such feelings towards the colored race aa2 o'clock of that steamboatand the whits members of his new congregation. Mr.Itiom, however, who was sent by the Society fromA«ndon, to act aa assistant to Mr. Claxzi, vras In-clined to Indulge those who desired to have a " negrocnrner " in tbe Church. This gentleman at onceoriili^ted a bitter dispute twtween the two parties,theirrespectivecriminallaws. Henceererractthatresult is doably important in the fact that it eatnesHlacellaneons^iiiiZ 'SrlS JMAM..-l^MiaW••J2S'2S"MS!!! ajn,naa,/ai^a of the 27th inst, stalerto be reminded, by tbe posters of freedom and humanity. Should u" Canvaa eo upon the walls, that Blobdis—who has, by the way,toEngland, we trust he will take hisdonandlaunchared-hotthunderboltIqaity of Bloomfield street. IMubUesalir. St^.o- his extraordinary performances npon'tha rope, which wiU stand by his aide, and the pyrotechnicla> .,«d, tlherelIs ao doabt vtfaala tsi ahaita„4iB ion- anlL<t thi« in.asfect of the declaion of your Excellency In tnla caaeto the State of Ohio a must be, II adhered to, make""of forthe negro-thlevee offifteen ofa^wnowspanstbe Niagara below the SnsperalonBridge,wiU be restricted to one small tnmk or valise, for each man.Commandants of Companies will direct thefr Third Sergeants to report to Quartermaster WracHssrsx foryet thebut the desire isshape, general aorDDgJapaaase Ambaaaadota to receive religious books and ClearlycompUiblng ai,T thing more wondertal than' jijigBf't)».£im« freights fsisatmvxtr-and Mississippi Bailroad Company, which vpeara in our advertising colomna.to attend religions aervices. Thia may t>e for tbe yet done, I ahall"BBMng those with whom they had been brought In A Voice tnmhas IRIS.the plalaest provisions c( the Constitution, while we the transportation of two six-pounders belonging to cannot even avail ourselves of the poor privilege of this regiment, and to take charge of the ammunitionthe Erie Boadbest, but it adda thatIt is to be lamented thatretortingtothelawofretaliatloa,becausethatCon- untildepositedIntbemagazine, stltutloB which your Sxcellency and myself have stationed over It.aad theregularguardThe (bOowing is a comparatirestateaaent aferatact here, there should have been ao fe^ whose ChriatlaBlty waa known aad read of all men—ao few •Mft examplea of the power of a living and true nllh over the heart and conscience. Their advent ppoB ear Atlantic shores waa signalized by a shame-•eWMith desecradoB that the;swornwewould makesIt each aolcmnly support,ayWainandClxaibaiiwillreporttoQuar- termaster WcicBxana, and Ordnance-Sergeant DxA- ri> to Lieut Baibx, for duty.Drum- Major Gbabah and Bandmaster GxAruu will give Indiridual attention to the equipment of the maMjrei;uboundvesselsfree ::tinseBt'expeBse8and, since time, aicx BabMh-breaklng, profanity, intemperance, andHmT,as I hold the position wnloh'devolvea it uponcharge.J«"and thethe vert.. ..IdolatTOQsland." thehoneraiulcharacterofAmerleaafemales,)toanddistrust. Daybyda;confidenceItlesMi^gin.ItatfollowsCaplUI alock authorisedfacttMctf m tnt-eimn licimar. Tbe ctnte of tke dliu- of there but one religion In Jajpan acuonnts for their Jtraipangelsees., Andconverge weat 8L Loul», »nd was in all re-»« to tuli itMiner—whlcH b«d the entire confitienee stagnitioa In all else. The PUol\&yt "•It iwo yem «go,BeforeJudgeG«ol4..Phrsdepbta Ledger far daring to assert that thehigherrangelayequliatertl focus—the great are not al-the first time we ever beard of oneness In religion beingthough tchoolglrlt lowed,asyet,toextendthecivilitiesofthedrawing-ccine the ratherthan the times. yonrs,Ckarlit for the McDermot,.3:4,000has but aae religion, yet that country ts the first of all con-temporary nations. Spain was ooco tbe laadtngof and though it has considerably de- power Europe,clined from that high standing, it is characterized to-;aa «4j»aia htndrsice to national greatness.FranceISHAM O. HARRIS. SCISNTIFIC M£nOaANDA.—Foreign scientists do not rush into print so pre-79,711KMlees af lUHgtmoM Mmrtmtiutt,The MetTopelitan Record for the present week America has one faith. These two his pile of letters has been measiire<l, aa when com-We are too:party fought again, andfftatemeBts mast ba acoorded a certain weight, fromIke fact Ui^ it Is tbe ofBdal organ of the Archbishop.First of all the R<eard stales In emphatic terms thatKr. SiuTut hu loppief led a portion of the corres-fendeaec. ThisheeanpublishforhissatlaficUonasfOOB M ka dadres. In gtrlng to the newspapers the atUcbed to the First Baptist Church In Albany, of ••mveosdenee the Xseord claims that he has Wols. which Rev. Dr. MaaooB is pastor. Here are some of ted the sanctities of private correspondence, and of Its statistics for the year with May Numberthe ErieDuDLiT B. prominentcitizensof"he WKf have spoken Incantionsly or imprndently In tbeending :ket than yesterday, but with some few ex- prices,ceptions,continuedsteady, fherewasaaadfi-thia the Archbishop somplalni. But although nirtrtimrtthatbewuansweringaiHrlfatecomma- age{Governor of the Stateurgingasestablishing theday by aa much true civilization as either Englandwblch cipitately as those on this side thebut Spain onlyilwiiiaiin at mDOli length tlx ateilu of tbe oontro- tautanCes are perfectly sufficient to dliprove the pared to an American one tht^ir number might be di-apt to record a and than phenomenon.or allow men cried " the son aout GiveItto of h,giveItpersonal gratifica';Tan; between AichbiihOD BuoHU and City Inspector strange, abiurd latltualnarlan tenet domatically laid DzLATAii regarding the reglitry of marriages. Its down by the Ledger, Rut there are historical andminished much to the credit of my colleagues.forgetIt,new wonder. Thus, just as we are abdndealng fur-wltaeis then sawrefuta'lons of It by the thousand." Oae point of tbe argument is seen in the declaration of the Ptlor, that 'Japanese stagnation wilioontinuegreat aurora of August and September. 1859, to look Iter the source of meteoric atonea or the cause af tor- nadoes, naturar observations are coming to us from qnarteia where we hardly knew that there had been anaDiora. TheCroM-Moaniud—Saw the man who was stabbedstoike a and Donnlgan; there was general muss,eveiy one was pegging at the other.Jokn Fearen testlned that he knew Duimlgaa aboutpblloiophiciiluntU Catholicity becomes tbe creed of that people." But few Sunday Schools in the country can ex. hibit greater proofs of prosperity than that which Isand Heesra. Gbioobt, a. C. Zabbibkb, and etherof conversions, 50baptisms, 44;number of teach-origin of the August. France,England, theworkbid was 65 cent. Further perwere made of Missonri sixes atOf the ten who represent1 COO K. T. Cent. 68. .4,00096^ 100 Mich. Cen. B 48)« Corresponding period, 1850. •14,269 S6 i£4M8iin the Con- vention,thereremainonly'ChiefJusticeHobhslovsb. debate, de- of Newark, and Rev. Dr. JoBM McDowiu., of Phila-Jhagmm, there should be, in all the evangelicalehnrehes In New-York and Brooklyn, If not in a stillwider drenit, prayer that God's converting fracaKaTdeseeadBpontbe Japaneaa Embassy, and thatAaictntoiMr •mliad aMylM |keri«M)fn 1Q Kcntf tke tAv4Mp •! •r«Ni|a utka, tere ftfthe ties of fraternal which should bind sever feelingus aa a destroy the harmony of -our together people,Federal Usion, and precipitate a state of affairs whichUntitled DocumentColonel hereby directs that the encampment for which this order Issues shall be known as "CampDoeksasd 11ers._^.BnglneerlBg and other expenses.^^..;^.....Episcopal ond-avenue and P. M,Thirty-third-street,at 8 o'clock,and to Insult, on his account, our national flag." ,SS.i.Sk^l^s-nd" If this circumstance," continues the editor of La" Superior Epoca, of Itself alone, does not constitute a suffi- Hamilton36VCentral a4V 26 rraaklin 3V *vHanoock8V 9 26 27'The;aotn^alThe counsel consentedtional rise in GalenaChicago fnd Bock Island at the advance of ye*>;ers, 68 year,aurora, was last repeatedto submit tbe caae undershares, and a fair liiiaiaesa inscholars, 801att ndance of scholars lorS7versesyear,8,572 ;year, $'37 *iformer were;;There was Issued from this Department onterday.742 committed to memory, S9,333IsroestattenUance,Scripture increase for thetoup 63} }ft cent., ImtguaranteedfirmCentral was weaker by ^.^9,()M;;perfectrecited,;increase for1S7 aver- ;HisW.charge After anretfred.oftheCourtImpartial charge from the Court the jury,expenditures, tKO S2;number of: theParis,exhibition, but tbey ware allprizes distributed, 166, besides 150 copies of theingwithoutanytheInfant Department, under the superintendence of the wife of the pastor, has been Increased during the"such defect as, In your vitiates the opinion,The current regularNot guilty. Sent"Kirwan" writes an interesting letter to the 0J_ and deem It due to the aggrieved party, who is a citi- eleeblo action. H. Km power calculated the of theRobert Braceguilty.George McWood, grand larceny.pas'tnr,classtaught byattemp"^tat'grand larceny'.ratherat30i®30},^;againSaonseiwalrme more aclentlfio In their aharacter. On an attempt at grand larceny. He stated he had been Illinois Central i lower. In the New-Tork Bt4>ck'The fact Is, that irrespective of the recent revival In Ireland and Scotiud, there has been for years a quiet and silent work of grace going on In Britain. It has reached very many of the higher classes, some of whom a^e the most active In the promotion of everybut the middle classes have been espe-\ou find merchants, bankers, master mechanics, and tradesmen, seeking to do good to all men as they findrequlsl- sldon, so that In future 1 may understand the prac-Inhave atuBelent power to deflect the needle S0°, but to Sessions,good moved and ehanged by it Wherever you go, ciallylarge pwrchaaesopi}ortunltyengaged;after a comparatively moderate buaineas aopllcatlon for probate, has been theproperladelphia use 700 moalds, producing 9,000 different shapes and styles of teeth, costing upwards of (18,-class llsta of papec. The Foreign cloee for Exchanges;a an actual faot that In ISSO there were hardly more thaa thirty praetieing dentists In this country. Ten yearsyearssince Providence has beennot findand a are large portionexerted.ilble. own when first led My inclinations, afflicted,me to dedre towas unable to discharge, anchthua secure for it a more efficient occupant. But yielding to advice, which I was bound to respect, another remedy was soughtchargedgrand larceny,inhavingthe for 90 to Superior Court The plalntifls sued to recover daysthe 1 submitted the whole affair to thewithin 30 The days.plalntlffistbeyformer on LondonExperience bavlngconfirmedfirst Holy See, and,finally; the latter lanfa cent. TheSpecieengagcmoitefoeter some hesitation, the Holy Father has cepted my resignation.ac-\worth of gold per annum. Vulcanite or induratedThe following Methodist institutions of learning000. The;Taft,for-plaintlff .;Son,;la, answer to which I must be permitted to express mynrofoundastonishment,aswellasmysincerere- that tbe principle announced by It should have Saetn, adopted and avowed by this Executive of a sisternew Washington-square Church In this City Dr.State, who, from his elevated and responslhle posi- to the catslogae of the great forgotten. But he wastion, is supposed to reflect, not merely the sentiments not content witb his obscurity, and hat just succeed-of an Individual, but the calm and dispassionate judg- ed In gaining the prise for Mechanics from the French, The charge ofment of a great Commonwealth. ofSciences. Itwasawardedtohimforan mutinyagainstpayableJaly lOuDr.BAixia,ofAlleghanyLouisand Dr. Chas. Collins, of Dickinson College, has;College, of the State FemaleIs dead;to thegone Presidencynear Memphis, Tenn.avoidingrrtolt fromThe address recently delivered at the Conventionof Sunday School teachers held in• ported a series of resolutions to the effect that while is reviewed by the Observer, It thinks that ao much to issue a warrant upon the re<iulsition of your Ex-— STTPSnaCOVBT CBAIOSIBS.Iha Association accepted tbe assurances of fraternalaCeetlon tendered by the General Assembly, and of a union meeting might have been omitted, andcellency for tbe extradition of Stspssn G. Kbrnxot and MskT Ass C. Hatch, alias ~Maxi Ainr C. Cai- Bocn, charged with that offence."The aaaerted your Excellency In the principle byabove paragraph la, that as tbe offence with whichof the address as was not congenial to the atmoaphere "Tuesday, JulyBut when we have saidwithhold tbe eipreadon of a warm appreciation ofof tke St- Chicago Bailroad from tbe ITth toadda:this,we would notearningspro-BBOtlBg the glory of Christ In the saivasftn of men, the sound, wholesome and Scriptural views which in q/'OAio, tbe duty of surrendering them upon the de-:Fnsmtwwk* •7,748 00adequatethis series, In the expectation that the Home His- put 'in cfrculadon, 13,670. During the last seven in another State, shall on demand of the Ixeoative3,000niah light t6 laborers while at work;beneath the sur- I.OCO Mich. S. ad m. b. 6tX loa do sea 63fUAU f*(tSBary Society will adhere to tbe policy which it has already adopted, recommends that organization " to the ccwidence and contxibatioue-of elf-ttw i-lniiL hes.* The fimeral Convesttoa of Vermont, which has justyears tbe receipts have been $104,690 09, and the volumes circulated, 68,465.Kellclens Berrlcea Ta-marrew.authority of tbe State from which he fled, be delivered up to be removed to the State having jorisdlotlon of the crime."faoa of tbe water, hat received the relative to e.ooo do M9( 60 do II60E3H EarningsElder M. B. Czxchowbki wU preach Sands-street, Brooklyn, on tbe Fulfilment of Pro-And tbe act of Congress passed for the express pur- pose of carrying Into effect this provision of the Cutf sUtuUon, provides;(lass firmly fastened between two Iron ptatet. Burn- ing flUd la the material uaed for combustien, and the naceaaery amount of oxygen to feed the flame Is sup-apparatua,wbich already fally lasted.Spain to iB-vade Itlexlce.1,0(0 Oosh. Branch b.. 83 4M11,000 do 785< 1,000 Ch&N.W.adM. 635 yassau Bank 100 MOdo. 63»4 do tistma do S35iNet aiO.ewtt VOfl*** official earningsItB session at Montpeller, was addressed byilIre.saAdviiT, a delegate from the New School Assem-bly, on this tame subject. Action similar to that ofthe Connecticut ABSociatlon was promptly taken. phecySo cooperation between these two great denomina- At 10 A. M., the services will be In French, At 2 V. luttlce of tbe Executive authority of anyM., In PolishBev. Charles E. Hasris,to which inch such shall person..b6082 257 do70V bSS TDH43 05before the St. Peter's vices at 8 P. M.•8.000 7,0CO;Territoryof the Oreene- have fled, and shall moreover produce the copy of anFreight Total11,506 •25,846which has been given them.The Independent, in discussing tiie subject, asserti a and 7\ P. M. The morning sermon will be on thebellerthata portion of the FreiSyterlant, at least, will theme " God and the Republic the Union felony or other crime, certified as authentic by tbe100 do b4 8IH 200 do 350 Erie Railroad iSM 60 doaso 73 be0733«now and forever.In St. Peter's Church Bev. Mr. Gkbr will preachduty of the executive authority of tbe State or Terri-tory to wblch such thau have fied to eante bim persongan of O'Dossnx,Bpoca,hasjust publishedKo. Stote 6s. .... 400 Gal. AChi.B 84^is Jtme is as follows : ista.Freight •29,197 82 Passengers. 10,755 57is6#. •13,854 009,090 02 •42,944 02Inc. .«1MW »Dsc:.'_M«J6.Inc. •ll.Hl S3ment before, and punishment by ourreportYour Excellency will not, I am sure, controvert (hefact that each of the Sovereign States of this Ualoahas the right to determine for Itself what ahall and white trousers, extra palraof glovea, a tick for straw, iate act of the Legislature, and the more recent what shaQ not be erimlnal vrithin Che limits of its ju-risdiction.Interestoavillageries. Atthed<p6t,lugubriousvlsagedknightsofthe whip stand waiting, spider like, for a victim; but, un- der the rigid surveillance of a guard of special police, not a month is opened, not a tongue wagged. A uni- form rate of charges for the use of hacks and car- riages has also been established, and Is enforced by fines and deprivation of license in cases of trans- so that the unkind comparison of our cab- frlesstloontbe Zouaves, on the ground that nobody could stand the charges of either corp, must be made no more. Not even the most nervous old lady need fore- her visit here now for fear of these rapadoua plun-of the finances of the;right,regard tbe act of atesUng a negro vrithin the limita ofthe backtbe overcoatbeginningtalnly confers upon the authorities of that State nopower or right to prevent Its being aiade a crime in M.; each piece must be distinctly marked with thebecome a resident of this village—still lives, and uponThe ef- pra<>tlcal. , .theFourthof giveoneof July, proximo, proposaxtosuch.owner's name and tbe number of the company towhich be Is attached. Tbe troop, band and drum The plans to this most dentable object have oatof Glasgow nnat sorely have something left in of as It did last seasott. Wvroa^tt* dty reftigaThe baggageof tbethe way beforeof which, at this polBt lunouat ta 704,000 bnahels-the hefviaLi' instead above,her slstar States, where they may, with latnunlty,law and offended of those defy the violated justicethe of the States, and riot In security upon proceedstales of the negroes wblch tbey have stolen.Are the people of Ohio ready to assume a poaltloB to uiOust, so lawleaa and aDtagoalstic to the rights and Interests of ether States—a petition that can only be maintalaed by nnlllfylog and totally disregardingpropertyto have ipa'nanrtingsr-&.V receiptsd^igToeabalaiy for the trimmers of the Colonial Misslon- air Soclanr. Whatever may be; contributed for the ettp^ort of a free pnlpit In New-York, we trust that aoBMlhlng will be dose to eifthllth free pulpits in loadon and Victoria." / .The Examiner notices the^s^efiisal of the day celebmted in luch a manner, and In jiist ntcA a place ! not. Should BioBiia succeed in ac-;College,Stt7 number ofteachers,Excellency,DssisoB,AuttraUa and theored with this celestial Illumination oa the sameyear,;olOhioNorway,Uniud States ware fav-New-JerseyN.T. 0. B 7t..l00i« 360W of the Watertown vii SomeMen's Association. Ser- At lOi A. M. and 8 P. M., Rev. S. A. CORjr willand notice of tbe ar-Youngoroertobe arrested andrest to he given to tbe executive authority making the dtmand.or totheagentof sueh authority aapolnted to receive the fugitive, and caute tbe fugitive to be deliv- ered up to tnen agent when be shall appear."ticle that the declaring160do llO tA\ do"banctar of Jocko, tie Brtailim Ape;" and In theaS^fbld ato appear first dnrtng the afteraooa,In his favoriteoutofera in the business and''_^ .lb the Kditoroftkedaty, when Excellency shall demand " a person yourSergeantsjiKlillTlfjBSrithe we^ and since Jan. 1 :promptlyInformyouIn thia the nineteenthwhen the contemplated "disunion"eharged witldMBe iB Ohio, who shall have fled toat ThroVB en Marketf«i^f*}y:This IsImperative auty of every oaUiot to rebuke pander to the dangerous fanaticism of I nave tbe honor to be, very respectfullydefence, in this case,ontheaaw the boxing 'mateh,and the mette which fol-Amount lasaedAdvanced by N. T. aad Erie R. K. Oo. Advanced *y Boboken Land Imp'tCo.a6,siiM nt.t4snlessonsreceipts of theunable to agree, and were discharged by tbeMrs. 82. The Hswis,250;to251. Number of volumes in the Ubra- cellencypsst year Lumberofvisitors, 532.llnarrunning north and seuth, the effects were much In prison two or three UmesU^n examination of tbe record in this Department, mora evident thaa on those running east and west, atone-cntUng trade. The Court sentenced him;cent,^^4^ weaker, closing 1\19number of papers distributed, 4,609before, and knew theCentral was82, and Hudson was leas dull, while Erie waaWorcester, Mass.,College,on their own DeetaloBB.—others. Rigney vs. Same. Exceptions to tbe report William-st. on 3.Kmtke Asaoeiatlon Is still entirely satlsfi^f with those other parts of the address, tlie accomplished speaker mand of the Executive of Teimestee does not devolve ameter is three and the hardest methods snd principles which have guided their mls- takes of the subject in hand. In fact we do not know upon you as the Executive of Ohio, however higtily feet,and moat aolidaions to the new settlements for three-quarters of a when we have seen the fitting relation of the Sabbath erimlnei the offence may be under the laws of Ten- centory, and find no occasion for consultation about School to the chiucb mote jooiclously exhibited. nessee, where it was committed.aew plana or xLeasures ^ that department of their But very few of the original founders of Your Excellency mnst-permlt me to say, that this«M4}m able to resist It. One weighing ten grains, after hav- leooo do Wi 200 M. 8. aiN.I.O.S.bSO 30)i Mails and Express 810 34 a.»u- work. Further, Inasmuch as the General Assembly had deefartd iu Intention of adhering to its syt- tea af <^urch extension the General Association re-the American Bible Soeiety are now living.decision cffcctualiy nolUfies the second clause of tbe second section of the fourth article of the Federal Canstlttttian,ai well'asthe actofCongress.of February1793. TheclauseoftheConstitutionreferredtoexposeddioed to six grains. Durtsg thli time It opmed aad foliated like the leaves of a flower, and eailtted whitish ftimet. When closed again it retained its form and polith.t.OOO do M9i 26 Fan. E. exdiv.al6U6K::than toand to tbe onecitizen,one by one of the guaranties of the Constitution b»vo been shaken or totally dtsregarded, until It has be-we can aiiureputation as those who. In a more advanced sphere bv their native clgnlty and refining infftience, ate giv- ing to Eoclety 1)8 most attracui-e cnarms. Hoplnji;the *'tf nder missives" by whichpreientroom,will, and do bold as de»r tous o'lrreace lowed. .. ..bti-n in poormoisted will not seriously affect b>m,wonoeiing, with a school or Inches are contained In aand curiosity, bow ininyknocked bar against the:Theafter the orders of therefused to cause said and delivered to him.thatNew-Jersey during "A person chargsd In any State with treason, felony,l.COOI.B.lOOligirl'sJapanese foot, bytoeDoimlgan wat knocked down again, while one of theMostV0OITITB8 FBOn JUSTICE.Got. DealsaB, of OhIa, Refascs ta Barreadar aParaaaChargedwithBieallogaNeffraan the 8ab- ««T. BAKBIB TO OOV. DBMISOV.Comptes lUndues furnish those wbo may be Inveitlgatlgating the sautes of these brilliant displays with many Impertant data. A fact which Prof. Olbstiad, pf Yale College, was In the habit OfNew-Jersey.There ^as less activity in the Stbdc mar-Id TaBBeasee— jeet.ExscuTivs DspAariixBT, NasbVILLI, Tis»ssSU, May 26, 1860. |CoraespaadeBeezen of this State, to ask your Excellency to point outeurrtnt at metaa of aBame, by magnetieneadls. ahoaldSentto Sessions.yesterday, sellingtice of the State of Ohio under the Act ofwhan the aurora waa in one instance 64°.telegraphingthe brightest, It reached 5t°, andJohnThe prisoner robbed his employer, a blind man. Sen- tenced to Sing Sing for three years.Charles McDonald, grand larceny. Not guilty. Sent to Sessions.Wills Admitted.B^waj woM-a^ain firm, particularly the mortgagesCongress tbe suirenderof fuglllveaISHAM G.HARRIS. GOT. DiaiBOX TO euT. BABBI8.SiATi or Obio, ExicuTiva DsPASTBinr, } CoLCiiBOS, June 2, 1600. |His Excellency, Itkam 6. Harris, Governor of tke Stats of Ttnnesete,Standard, grand larceny. Pleaded guilty.Bondsof the New-Tork ana-B»W.andof Feb. 12, 1703,from justice.respecting Very reipectfuUy,—tistryaaaprofattlon. Fortyyaaraagodoctorsoffi-Michigan Southern.I have the honor \o acknowledge the receiptSiKof yotir letter of the 26th ultimo.I theof In beg to lay that crimesuchanimnetus negro steal- tothat tbegiven tbfrty hadacniltted. The day,closeddoll. application has been severely con-reply, ing, not beingto either the Common Law orprofeaalontestedon the ground that the testatrix was in corn- Tbe market for money to-day ia aagkewhatof crimes by the Federal contemplated Constitution,and hence I declined toonpreparations necessarycommlsalon ofExecutive of this State, to surrender afugltlve fromthe justice of a sister Statecontestantbe out on paidAnned with that offence, which you advise Is a felony under the statute laws of Teimestee.still 6 acceptingaUeucent.yesterday, 6 per cent. oB .very short' prime accept-;Monday next,instancesI amconsequence*' Tommv" has:—end is apparent." The last resolution of last year were 916,305 67, and the number of volumes or other crime, who thali flee from justice, and be found Ab exceedingly simple lamp, designed to fur- MIeh. 8. lit m. b. 87. 50 do S3063 Bailroad for May werereceipts810,000 lie R.6tbm.b.65 R. 63 160 Gal. & Chicagoat No. 131 the Great Tribulation and the End of Papacy,Michigan Central Boad for the third we^ af JmM;pastorst. M. E. Church, will preach as usual at 10^ A. M.,atmoaphere above. A workman named GuioAasor la the Inven-is«s. •14,330 62Maa. tli,mr tr UjmUS t^tJHl m ••74 7T Bur-Church of the Atonement, comer of Sec-Pontlae454tV Copper F's H. CeJl llV 'LondonW»» to the Commercialo'clock.The fourth discourse of the series on the"tbe Executive of 'rennesiee to re- ceive the fugitives appeued at the Capital of Ohio forfor any movemeat which may be made. The Gov- North StateFitUbargh........63H N"to Don Caxlos at the head of Government. In putMr. Q. E. SiBTABB, Ko.60Exehanf»flaee^Niacara Falls.A CHANOI FOB THB BETTI8—BIOHDIH'B PRO- OBAJIKX.Correspondence of the NeuhYork Times,The SereatliKaglment Bncampment.NuoAXaJunemous resort were obliged to run a gauntlet of avari- cious guides and cabmen, but the one who shoiildIs not "contemplated oy the Constitution," since The regiment having decided to go Into camp on this forenoon by the IMrectors of the Long Dock:Aianson Bobinson, Nathaniel Marsh, DaaielIn this respect than they were formerly.that character are followed up with speedy arraign-Boad,1,city,the SehaaI-T««B Abaat the Japanese.of ad- to the exporter, a balance-sheet which wiU enableof Goods at New-ToA tat theimpMa foreignDrySewYork Timtt :dkiaullir IhMmi'century of gieat predictedthe drawbacks in the nature of im-pert...1 •j.Jg.W;by Pat- great Japanese Embassy, afford^Tseeel,0il>>4 ^sphere God Intended for them. Slanders whose foun-•4,173 67Tetsi SVHUlttntiidations are unreliable, calumalea the mosttai, have been isseribed {by those who, in thetr effortsBy order of „„_„ CoL MAS8RAU. LEFr£RTS.L<Sds,l,MleULeas mertgages en sameTo(»L•'•.HI!! 473,809 at..^^ M6jnns,»7i$wj4jgt«]lhe of the fact.Beli-agent appointed byernment bopes to conquer Mexico, be says, and thenSilver HillThe aales waredignita-committedisclearly ofthatclassofcrimecontem- plated by the Federal Constitution."Colonel, at bis quarters, at IK o'clock.inwith tbereorganizationwondershim and this doty shall be up,"^SEntered «t SlMtJu.L*^i^'That whenever the Executive authority of any State10 Bk. of Commerce .100 450 Bruns. City L. Co. 5lOO Clev. & Tol. B..h6« 3I3( 6CbIc. &B.Ia.B.... wa« • • shall demand any person as a fugitive fromis as follows na Pasaeagersin the Union, or either of the Territorlsa,plied by tubea eoBunonlcatingtor of this has been auecess- SO Pacific M. St Co.. 8»SS 300 doIndictment found or an affldaTit made before a magis- trate of any State or Territory as aforeiaid, charging the perton ao demanded with having committed treason,360 do aiJs lOChic.Bar'nftQ.R.73; or, once, Governor or Chief Maglitrate of the State or Territory from which the person to charged fled, it shall be theMadrid, 23,He states that the official or-an ar- must drive Jcabiz put of Vera Cruz If tbe Church party can not do it, for if decisive action la not taken, Cuba will nm great risks. The writer translates from the article Inupcncriminalityof of- thetSDel. L. &W. B.a60 93;i29 3,617 68•S^MS II l.Ti6 «•secured,Spanish"anamdavltmaoe'before a of maglslrate7 Advertiser says 7V ':nessee, bythat State," which was certified as authentic by the Governor of the State. " They fled from justice," "and were found In another State," (the State ofItV 14V The negotiations regarding the lou-talked of 6 6 Russian loan of $40,000,000 have at length oaea cca- produce sfronger arguments." Phenix — Minnesota 84 8« cluded, and the bushiess Is to be iBtrasted to theauthorized to surrender a fugitive."I cannot Imagine tbe authority upon which yourThe following is the general order issued to the Seventh Regiment, In view of the approaching en-Bergenltlimel, opposite this City.The Tumults-, The receipU include $136,000 front Cnstoaas. The payments iaelude $19,000 CaliConia drafts. The following gentlemen are made OireetoisExcellency undertakea to distinguish oetwaen classesandtheeventwassuitablyobservedthe rendition of from fugitivesmake such anyCompanies,of their friends, on the spot, first by a review ofthejusticedistinction, nor do they undertake to determine whathereby directs that the regiment parade, fully uni- formed, (gray trousers,) armed and equipped on thatshall constltiite crime, the langtiage employed Is the" ADocli Improvements at Hobolten, and then by pass-Field,Constitution being;personcharged InanyRegimental line will form In Lafayette-plaee, ing through the entire length of the TunneL The Drew,G. X o'clock P. M.is crimliMl under the laws of the State where it is "Tbe Field and will Staff, dismounted,In the exercise of tills right, Tenaeaaee baa, by statute, made negro-stealing a high crime, while Ohio,In the of the same exerciseyet neither has the right, 4trettly or Indirectly, to Interfere with theof the and the fact thatother, negro-not a crime nnder the laws of ear- Ohio,(army style,)and strapped upon the top.inaugura- extension or renewal ofThe that:her innocent jnrisdtctlonaa perieetlyMarch,re-artofUOBOlstas aialshi^localfor tbe and will also take charge Regiment,;other Slates and ptmlshedeoaat5s'rr.;";.^ a the laiBSd. ThaTenaessee, MjlcUveipromptly, rally, and in goed faith performed, so longto take possession of _ sTTi tree from alljmprove-me TI have tboa briefly alluded to aome of tbe argu-under UiefrCommandants will see that the men arebaa teen to properwiUtlingthefr;camp. Quartermaster WmcHisTiB wUl provide tbetrans-ap- arrested•ffacta wirea have been Inissue a warrant upon the of your Excel- first manufactured by the French. In twenty yearsMaiy Ann C. Calhoun, charg-MastUpon the aecond requisition for the same partfea,with the crime ofstolen certain jewelry, I had the pleasure of issuing a warrant on "rburaday last.Very respectfully yours, &c., W. DENIS ON.GOT. HABBIB TO aOV. DXKIBON.EXICDTtVa DiFAUlURT, Nabhvixli, Tenn., June 12, 1860. {cattle. The defence Is merely a general denial of the rubbermutt,however,greatlysupersedegoldasa plaintiff'sallegatlens,withanavermentthatnosale109'2)109ior criminal code of this it It not of that State, (Ohio)class of ciFlmes contemplated by the Federal Consti- tution, for the commission of which, I am authorized, as the Executive of this State, to surrender a fugitive from the justice of a tister State, and hence I declinedall lost of heat which does notthe cooling of the exterior of the tubes in which thehot afr antf water clrculatet, this injector doeswith those movable solid parts wtatcb are exposed to wear and friction. These and other peculiarities of the apparatus have so recoaimended It to the railway companies, for use on locomotives, that several of them ha*e already applied It.—An Islington artisan has contrived a burning-of suehonly served to coscsnfrate tbe rays of tbe tun but the attention of the learned toolatlea in England. Iti di-Esq.,evidence not being sufficient, the prisoners were dis-nnmodesty they have viimessed, must liave novel subjects of interest to a people whose minds mesta which lie upon the aurfaee of this question, witb a sufficient quantity of percuaaloa tape.bad a tendency to prejudice them against are ever looking forward to new excitement. It will and which are too plain not to be comprehended at a Members of tbe regiment will not be aUonrio scheme of 1866, by simply assuming the mort- The fiillawing is the stunmary far tka'nsajnChristianity, as exemplified In the lives of be pardonable If one of the adamantine cUus of ho- [lance, nith the hope that your Excelieacy may betake part in tbe Encampmentwho, for thelinf time,after ofreport evening parade Wedneaday, tith July.We subjoin the figures of the last re- lOBS socx ranoTnairr or lan ioad.IliSSOBfdSS aiBBOC. n». TatatmH£ ct Weel. lja» t»ta/m JU MtorOottoa. *34 373,608 3BIta professed adherents." On board the Niagara manity (school-girls) to lately victimized the New. fnduced to reconsider snd revise your decisiongage portliens.; for Jke *«emi«r hopes for better things since Capt by if tbs policy declared by your Excellency is to be per-:McEmam bears the reputation of being a devoted York Press, Aonld rebel when their honor and deli- sisted inH tajm lat'.Christian. It is suggested by the Bxanmer " that, at cacy are made to suffer by a comparison with wo- aoBse Use not far from the day of sailing of the man who, tudST Eastern diles, are denied manbydoea not exist, your Excellency cannot be In respectful remembrance of Iha distinguished Tunnel and approaebes'l^'SS MtetBllk... 771 736.tU.tect the of the rightsor the beesuM States,once.Ata fe w cirrus cloads wereblack,noticed dur-eightmolar ItaeeomplishsditsThiswill,wiiichhas atwhichthestockclosed. Thegeneral of Hannah —Theoccupation, capitalemployed— This was an action tried before Justice MoBoaizp, Inglassextraordinary powerthat it has notAlton andthe 21th' of June is as followspsraonarealize therapid growthThe Erie thirds sold at 91^ anTlbrflie fiftjea thsemployedFewciated BS tooth-pullers, and If decay seisedof Den-work unimpeded. afterthattbeinvention of artlflelal teethbadcent mu-ket, throngbin thia branch of Indus- aingleOOO. too ounces are used a montn Ofplatlnaalone,George A.yrault,et ol. vs. vrHliam.Elliott.try«6OO,O00.upwardacent, for first6 months indorsed.the unhealthy arte from the French Academy, It Is a lantsra consitriated aon of tbe AntlUes, now In tbe ser- preciousvice of JuAssi, wbo was In connivance with the American men of war to capture those of Mi&abon.•i,6»e7originatedwheremore werefor to fasten the teeth In their placet. pinsIt waa that allegedlimpl;This firm mannfacturea 180,000 finished teeth per month. The value of gold foil It tells amotuts to •109,300 par annum. It is estimated that the I 000now claim thathave received only fifty cents, in all, of tbe entirethere it a better of offeringjlerchant bin*. Tha.balloon movethepodrome. Like all aeronautic ventures this proved fendantunremunerative, and Girroxn's name had been addedwith the:DecreaseThe official traffic return of theThe Washington States and Union publishes 100 doextracts a dated June to a lOOErieR. At. Stock.. 168^dueafo,73V lington and Quincy Bailroad line for the third weekfrom letter, gentleman in that city.La100 do81001(9 BOAW.From the above extracts, does it not appear tooclearly to admit of argument, doubt or eavif, that theconstitutional duty of "delivering up" a fugitive the oi certain territories of Mexico 600BeBdlB(Ballioad.. 40)4 2l)a01ev,.*ToL B..... 31alonefence changed under the laws of the State where itlot Mich. Can. B48V S50 Cbi. & Bock I. B.. 70Vmust dependtbewas committed ? In my judgment, it Is Impossible Cuba. For there la the famoua GoicoraiA, an expa-question as follows :see do SIV 60 do 12SV 166 Brie Railroad UV 60 do t.lO 12SVand Northwestern Bailroad for tbe third week''The evil Is not Incurable, but it exists, in of proofgoin Junewhich, absorptionby the Yankees, under the McLane treaty, will, In Its consequences, lead to the taking of the Island of:upon It Is81^} perawaycent ThePeterson and HndsononethatBut Instead of obeying tbe plaia letter and spirit of this way it expects to punish the Juarez party and 60 Isle Royale b«0 UVIMO Bilrer HIU \M 2 advertisesCorporation Bonds, Jeraey Ctty, fcear-a crime under the laws of willand ob-be taken to follow this your State, you assume that It cannot or shall not be tain satisfaction, if possible, from MexicoAmerican Government has already received a sfroag insults to th^ at An-UnlUd States.•SL-Si?!.flJSSii gjlTMI* 1*nowneither the Constitution nor tbe act of Congress for Staten Island, the 5th of July proximo, the Colonel and New-Torli and Erie and a number George Palmer, Dean Richmond, Jamea B. Wada.to all the States of the Confederacy, by whichtbey Bdght recapture sueh fugitives as had violated day, and upon arrival will assiit the officer there In trains will be able to pass at an earlier day. Tliis lation for 1st Jnly half yearly divideadi :quate,tbe cami>-grouBd by thecharge of the ground In tbe preaervatlon of order.; they didnight of the occor- DaDnigaarequestedthemantodealat,which Temporaryloansaaabaeqnently qaarrelenaued,andtneprls-aTotal _The eaUBUte aateimt (Mav. I860) toBtate for oaafalDaaa Is atnot •at<i,oaojlo be derived tnm antold mortgage hoada, at 90 V centIn presenting the above facts we mast be suf-b—a man stagger against the counter of the works noder the of lb. Btrs-;.aner wanted the qnarreUera to leavehe went to pot them out and he was knocked down•Tinluan pst tbewnrk tathey refused ; ; regular scuffle then took place, and Donnlganwaawater.fered to express the extremeour attention to be dlsfracted by the advent of some to him ;" Ueanlgan was afraid of being mordered. tion which was afforded to-day by the inapeetianrespectlully, A SCHOOL-GIRL. ther research into the clrcamttannes attending tbe and say be was stabbed.anspicesDILL, President of the Dock and TtouMl Im-provement; Mr. Uabsh and his Co-Directors ofthree and a half Thewitneaagavetheprisoneragoodcharacter.Jfr. Criskeler and J. Bums gave prisoner a good character.J. C. Mtikers gave the witnesses for the prosecution, Sweeny aad Gallagher, a bad dbaracter.Tbetestimonywasthenclosed.years;beused to work for witness.conriction of murder IB FLIAB AND ARBAIQHItBIITS.forthe fourth degree and four for acqulttaLtoKinney, forgery, thfrd degree. Not firmer than atWmbeen before the Surrogate, Hon. EnwASD C. Wxsi, forsometimeon anthebioreased to 200. la 1643 It waa eatimatad that there pent and that the wUl was procured by undue Influ- firmer for thechargedrecognizance.H^of4|^cent. TheStoningtonCompanyhavede« clared a semi-annual dividend of 2} «-»-», pay^The Case af the bheyherd Kaapp. VIIITXD BTATX8 COHUIBSIONIB'S OOinT.The half-yearly ifindend of^and Bailroad has declared a dividtod of Bamapo^ 6lTTHXKl.Ain>, J. Fosset vs. Tallmadge and able at tbe office of H, Uobgab & Bosa, 40. 3!lof tbe refeife In tbeie cases overruled and tbe report confirmed.MONETARY AFFAIRS.Sales at the Stock Exchaace—Jon 29.fubttancea, aneh aa steel. Hint, and even platlna, are •1,000 U. 8. Ee, 1871. .104)4 1300 Harlem B. Fref.beo ZVii Passengers'''melted by It In a few seconds. Nor Is the diamond 3,000 Ho. S. 6t....tl0 84)« 200 Bsadlng R V 'M)« Freightlag been to t le lent for half an hodr, was re- SO.eCO do b60 84)4 200 do sGoao Total •17,986 83300 do sio 400 do. 8i?iS3V al0 83V 866 63V baeesv 25Amer.Ex. Bank.lOOV 6eM.S. &N.l.gs.b60 3av10,000 Hnd. R. B. 2d H.IOOV 50 de 4,000 Hch.S. 1st M.Bs. 87 100 doTetaL....•30.951 79100do86048Passengers Freight *cTotalIncrease Aletter•2,822to theThe knapsacks of the men matt be carefully Erie Eoad, which promises to be completed In the Railroad Dividendspacked, each soldier supplying himself vritb a suf- most creditable sense, in a few montlis, ander the ficient quantity of under-clothing, several pairs ofTotal, Jnly, 1880.by of tbeooata uponCapt. VuLX, Engineers,tllng.lo» «, Wiseonsto aad8prl>cA)fheat places alreadymaCer Whp^ beliBnfg harvested, sad fiaaa the ae>is two extra provided,) blankets,Total, Jaananr, Total, Jnly, ltt9no otherboots, and fatigue cap and jacket. Overcoat rolleddecree of the Supreme Court in pursuance of thatNo. 14 for (Mrectlona in out the Order layingtoT» tta'centni: son""of< Siretbsaggage, which Is hereby directed to be tent to*^eaongh t_TeiRerXisBv Is hsadad oot.Lafayette Hall on Thursday, July 5, by 9 o'clock A.corps, conforming themselves to this arrangement- 71*1":. haiviIngstheui-rc_r-apeallsaeuin coi^ormlty to paragraph 870, General Regu- lations.beenthe notice to holdata of the eonpoos of Oa fbatduty,Commissary Pattsi Is charged vritb the duty ofTheTunnel ImprovementrequestedhisOrdnance- Officer Bade is hereby directed to see todepartment.barrassment, and in° posite tWG%, ar .1>• •"uel:'>.ring produce . at tidewater op-Citizen's dress will not be allowed to lie worn in those States where the huUtutlon of camp.{Slaveryby the Insensible rapidly,liS'S S xtetrux.. *2'S5 Sdlagrace-Seott."i. B. UU2NAU, A4t«tut,to the fact that it must tend to services of the Commander-in-Chief of the Army, the Road from Piers to Tunnel378Mlseenaa's.. 869 Ue,lS» <«8andIt is )oir<«d»l« W t«M«t) ttatMt thatalnadytMNMnevery OhriatlaBpatriotdeplore.ahooMact.tion of thesoon be followed by the the entire second mortgage,taken mortgageesfsT>.'!r«m»de free deliveries ofrearageafinaneeMf tbe C anxiliary Company foi.ttB Iior?do 109 do48H a3048)$in I860 earnings47•31,^ 4Tprize 9,000 do 66 160 do tan Expenses 20,766 64 Ujmesdo MO 63V^sting of a thick cyllndriea) eo^iriss of e,«oe Mh*. a. 8. r. b. 7«x log do sioe3)« The statement of the of Uta8N. Y.C. B 83 63 Fan. R. ex.tUv I35V The following are the earnings of tbe Ctiiea-hope year,lOA-aJ^eadvoverdue sincewe-^^'>'•W,"•-'' '"• transferring thetheif' whole property in fee, according to tbe original ThrowaenMarVat..... 38,oxi,»ustQipUaAi' -r^ ued arrearages,and to purcbase;hereafterEntered at•si670,619aoy- " '""'I'-'m em- aunandto oaD aMenUoB Ita.We hayaof Mortgage Beikds of the Ikstem Drsiaien of ths <fUmtemporaryloan, in partlyth»Bonds ManuticturiBg Dividends:Company of New-Tork18^ and that bid at tbe close. Among the Coal BtockMBeading feU off cent. Tbe i®5 perare in some advanced to 6 per cent, while ontside lenders arathe for City of Washington,dividend of 4 cent (^the Market Bank is 3^ ^ cent.,The Mechanics' Bank of St Louis has dadsrad u.dividend of 6cent, after setting aside >^.--w18M Total, Jaaoarr, 1869ut( liigiht, aiaough qnaUty:«,42S 48;of July dividends taad IB as anoBd, "" jgraia,^ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 