 m•BF¥• *•^ofwealthofthenativechiefs,andarerema-kablefortheir great tails. He also has several Africai chickens 'Which do not differ from otxr own except in the fine-•be found for people of his class. 3d.r. Meyei s sailed a retary, after which various gentlemen spoke in favor sand may e made up from the list above given in such in the city speaking almost as many languages aa. there--»-a number of cigar-makers assembled last evening a t the corner of Grand and Elizabeth utreets, for the pur-Bomord Kiernan agt. Tho Mayor, &c., of New-York. ! Thedefendantsdemurred to the complaint. It ap-spars.to C. i: E J Peters. Schr.MariaPickup(ofDennis),Baker,EastHarbor,T.L,MayW T ^ Z Z L n ^iSS^si^**"*^ -. upon^ S ' i » the property for the rem** ^ ^SSesofficera^nprofe^tieiri^ ^\States, assembled at 3 o'clock yesterday afljernoon, at the Autological, Society's rooms, No. 23 Chambers .•Street. Nearly all of the Wards were represented.under the auspices of the nhowman.The gentlemen of the Committee were quite indig-nant at this characteristic offer of the irrepressible Mr. Barnum,andrefusedtoreceivehissubscriptiononany »ucb Iferms. It was then resolved that the SolicitingWe will send specimen copies to any one who shall vacant lots beyond, and falling into the yard of a house Iwithin their discretion, they would not grant the application.tflkadU valned at about $150,000• jgivingdetention, connectionofMr.S.F.B atterworth of thiscitywithM-TaWugfi it is believed that they w o n Wwhich day they w>«M startW courseluat week, •Mr. .'"owler, who had- been walking the %U street^ duriftc1» the preceding night, in a state of mind vjVlchcan[eaoilybeimagined,calledonMr.Butter- New-York.W £ ?*i•Spelled to exert themselves much *r0 ^$£ ^ t h e y •.*'"ROBBERY.—The house of Mr. Peter Deloss, No. 68 Grandstreet,K.I).,wasenteredonWednesdayafternoonaud robbed of three gold watches, jewelry, and a quantity of silver- ware,inallvaluedat$300. . . , ! , -<S;OjE~6HELTON-AtWestHobokm,onThursday.MW17, bjr the Rev. James C. Egbert, Mr. Erastus Coe to Miss Mary A). Shclton/both of the above place.. \DUJhYEA--PF.TEBS-In Brooklyn, on Thursday, MayjW, by yn, ont«e Rev. Dr. Farley, Harmaims ». JDnryea to Mary Bpwr.c, #H. p a ,youngest daughter of the late John Peters, esq, ^OPFER—SMHH—On Wednesday, May 16, by the R#r. IE.Ri. T. Cook, Mr. John H, Hopper of Haverstraw, Rockland County, N. Y., toMlss Martha M\, youngest daughter ot%. M* C\ Smith, esq ', of this city.RETCBUM—MONROE—In Brooklyn, E. P., 00 Thorsdayy-May'17. by .the Bev. Dr. McLean. Joel Ketchara of Brooklyn,E> D to Miss Ida Monroe of Carmel, Putnam County, ML K. MP A E S T - B R A E N N L I C H - I n Brooklyn, on Tuesday, X*r\Sr. by the Bev. Fred. Steins, at the residence of the late bride's f a t h e r , T h e o d o r e P a b s t , e s q . , t o M i s s A d c l h e i d P a u l i n a B r a e n a * li<tb, both of Brooklyn.1 > I E 1 > .May MJ w Bradk lltdi^ear? *"" ^ ^ ***** ' ^ 7*/s ' TM<k*ircd.yjsaY.—The Grand Aquarh>of yellow fever can legally be sent, and without some provision of funds to defray the current expenses of its maintenance, theretThe Floating Hospital is tho only hospital to .which cases Pastcrate « « _• o r n i n „ in Forty-sixth str^t, first <;ime,| krlformed him that as.Postmaster ho owed will be no hospital to which the Health Officer can send yellowat Barnum'8 Museum oasjustbeenenrichedbyanymberofrareandcurious newcfca.pelto-morrowmormng,|^ Oover|mfentabout$160,000. Headded,thatifthe fever"patientsfortreatment,andtheportOfNew-Yorkand tho vast population clustered around it, will be> without any adequateANNIVERSARY.—-The Oreenpoiht Episcopal Mission Snnday-School will give their first anniversary at Union Hall, on;jj^jug8p€cnnens--among V ^ a r e t h e § e a Horse,HornedFish,BlowFish./ ^ Engii8h g^,theSkate,Tuesday evening next.NEW-JJSBSJEJ^pounds each.now on exhibition at the establishmento£ Messrs. Tif- have thirty; days time he could raise the amountfany cc Co., to which house nas for m?.ny years been through hfk, friends:—that a Government olficer couldThe-Floating Hospital has proved, to he a most successful and rclmblo meansfor the treatment of yellow fever patients. I t is now well arranged, finished and furnished, and affords room suirl-DEDICATION OF THE NEWC; ATHOLIC COLLEGE AT SOUTH OIU>*«B.—The ceremony of dedicating the new Catholic College, and the'laying of the corner-stone of the contemplateda d d i t i o n a l w i n g , , t b o k ~ p l a c e o n W e d n e s d a y a f t e r n o o n • l a s t , a t • ; South Orange, in the presence of 300 persons. Bishop Bayley I officiated, assisted by. Archdeacon McCarron, the Rev. O. H.:'| Doane, and about twenty other clergymen of the Newark and New-York dioceses. Dr. Ives was among the visitors. The students of the College at Mudiaon, 60 in number, were aluo present, attended by the President of the, institution (the Rev.- Father McQuaid) and instructors., Thoto find n o t ^house's were also reported. i'OBB—VAN ZANDT At_ Tarry town,'on ThuTEday,' M * w raaaid.theyweredischarged. T * ^ : VariousAWtetorysta^^mentgg^ $|£|ftithe ^tingHospitalhavingbeenunderthesuy^sionofthisCom-m m themurderofVirginia Stewart £ " ^ 1MS-A report was Irnmediately «p*eaathat the boiler had exploded, #14. I«AWT) active atlJJc. in barre-!V, 12®r2Jc. In kegs. Wins*On arrivmgat the office they were nwa theintelligence,and^ V ^ ^Za^it^^Uurfng the past year, the Quarantinei sick w disposed of, and ; j r okindnees they had ^ remain m^AfSwthem tothe late defalcations in ^ post-Oflice having appearedin'print, wejiate aw jjj tjjj$^j$t the exact truth upon r1the subject *|»ff^ 'j ws: Early on Friday morning of. 11 0Wednesday, May Is, at the rest,Peter Funks making mon^y, beyond doub'i. A green street. Mr. Michael Phelan took the chair. Mr.the exception of a small space where she was standing.Had she been one foot either way.she would have beencrushed. It eeems hardlypossible thateither ofthe ful, eatsMARINEJOURNAL.Thomas Bums excused himself from serving longer on Telievedofthesumof$85whichhehadinvestedin theCommitteeonthescoreofsickness,andMr.Good- Peter sPunk watches. The swindlers weie those be- erson waft appointed in bis place. The Treasurer re- longingtothe»hopatNo*.170Broadway,tjidtheman portedthatfrom$5,000to$6,000hadbeenalready idei>tiiied.a« the chief rwindler, gave his name as P . G. subscribed by good men. Mr. Conrey reported a col- Jktaifenm. The officer of the Mayor's offi-ve, specially lection of $82 50. Mr.. Neil Bryant had collected•detachedtooversee-thewatch-ewindiors,weatwith $300,includinghi«ownsubscriptionof$50.the countryman, and got back the whole amount, with / A memberreported that he had beenrequested to wait the exception of $i0 which he had paid to a " friend" j on Mr. Barnum and ask him for a donation to the fund.'whom be accidentally met, for. helping him |ont of the I Mr. B. had replied that he -was a poor man, but he scrape. jcouldpromise,inan'indirectway,alargeincrease—^at e a s t $ 1 0 , 0 0 0 o r $ £ 0 , 0 0 0 — t o H e e n a n ' s f o r t u n e s . H e HOVSTOS MEETING.—TheExecutiveCommitteeof wouldnowwritehisnametoaconditionalsubscription•ats, and sleeps welljind converses freelyj with all who are perniittedtovisithim ThehopeOfanewtrialorofareprieve womencouldhaveescapedwithoutanypersonalin- evidentlybuoyshimupatpresent,butwhnenhnoeshnalulfmululyreal- ize the awful fact that his doom is irreversible, and must be met jurieswhatever* Furniture,bedding,kitchenuten- atthedayandhourappointedbytheCourt,hewillunquestion-•countrymanfrom Michiganwasdupedyesterday,andIJ>r.HasbrouckintheChair.Ex-MayorMickle,Chair-SBan of the Committee of Arrangements for the massmeeting, to be held at Union square, on Tuesday Committee should visit the Brokers' Board to requestion upon receiving a diploma, is unconstitutional; and that the Legislaturehavenopowertoenactalawtakingaway tho right children were also in the yard at the time, but all of tho Court to pass upon the qualifications of those who shall-evening, reported Committees for perfecting the an addition to thetfund; that the names of all the sub- accessary arrangements, which were accepted,"and scriberstoitshouldbepublishedinabook,boundwiththeir way South. ZiTrcojtest'Wes complied with.Legislature at its W^S^J^S^rSSS^SSivr>JD—vAn //Aflwi-ai xarrytown, on xnurwiay, May171: by the Rev. Oliver E. Cobb of Hopewell, J*. Y.. thellteyC Xfcnry N. Cobb to MaiUda E. Van ZandtThe^rfolkstree^ t tjp will open their j worth. a% U& . Germain Hotel,'and there, for tho ArmitugC) St4"..at the comer of Fifth avenuedemand foij|payment w a s immediately made, he couldprotection against the encroachments of this much dreaded pesti-famous Rochester Speech of 18S8; bound up with CHARLKS -great enthusiasm was manifested in behi .If of their gold, for presentation to Heenan, that his remotest pos- O'CONOK'S' union Meeting Speech—Doc 19, '59—arguing thatcandidate, Gen. Sam Houston of Texas. It was suited terity might gaze upon the record of their ancestor's Negro Slavery ia;.essentially, radically jast and humane: To-atthemeetingthatGen. Leslie Coombs of Georgia, glory; andthatagentlemanabouttogotoCaliforniaon which are added brief .opinions ofmany eminent menonthe •ubject thurt UincuBued.number, being engaged in unloading- wood in the frontpart ofthe shed, meanwhile. The topcock ofthoboiler had been tried five minutes previously, and next of kin of Jane 'I)u Lux, deceased; that he was entitled to aDavid Paul Brown of Philadelphia, Wm. Gentrey, business connected with Wilkes's Spirit of tlie Titnes, , , ~ "III— •Benoit Joulien Caujolle, respondent, agt. John P. Feirre, applt. This wis a bill filed under the Chancery practice, al- leging that the plaintiff, a resident of Bierk, in France, was theandJudgeEvansofTexas,withothers,wereparticu- shouldberequestedtocall'upontheinhabitantsof larlyfavorabletothenominationofHoustO)»forPres- Heenan'sown State"for their share ofthepx-oposed ident. After appointing Messrs. Loudir, Clinton, testimonial. •jEtoosevelt, and E . B . Childs, a Pinance Co mmittee to It was also suggested that advertisements should becollect subscriptionsi and after hearing reiiarks from inserted in the newspapers of this city, arid of Cincin-DISUNION:distributiveshareinherlargeestate(saidtobenearlytwomil- found to contain water at that level. The fires iro lions). It was also alleged that plaintiff was unable to sue im- saidtohavebeenlow. Oneoftheproprietorsentered mediatelyfor distribution,becuuse administration hud not yet boon granted. He averred that he had testimony in France that the door just as-tho explosion occurred. No one in tho he desired to perpetuate, but that there was uo statute authoriz- ing him to take it, and praying for a commission " rogatory " toJCessrs. Bryce, Sickles, Tucker, Roosevelt Jaid others,great Spee in Senate, Feb. 29,1860—gumming up tho politi- :the meeting adjourned, subject to a call from the Com- inviting the nation at large to unite in paying substan-anittee of arrangements. tial honor to the champion. A letter was read from alittle boy, J. B. Kemp, of Maryland, inclosing 25 centsA.KKJCA AND THE ,,COLOKED PEOPLE.—The Dutch as his mite toward the subscription, and the meetingIngrahampresiding,overruljsothedemurrer;fromwhichdecis- oia—at the Cooper Institute, Now-York, Feb 27, about an engine, more than what he could learn there. Charles E. Whitehead lor plaintiff; J. S. Patterson for deft.brig Zeenvropb, from the Cape of Good Hoje, has justreturned to this port with Mr. Jonathan J. Meyers, a will take place on-Monday evening, at Goldbeck'scolored citizen of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, who, having "by indnstry amassed considerable property, projected, a,year ago,an expedition to Africa, in wh ch he as-sagnedhimsclf an excursion through the eastern part ofadjourned. The public meeting to consider the matter Mutic Hall.Notwithstanding the force of the explosion, the shell Plaiutilf's motion to dismiss the complaint against William D. y. LAN/ FOR THE LANDLESS: The Hon. GALU- of the boiler was not materially injured, but tho insido Stocker is denied.Country, and have not yet returned, but ar i expected toarrivesoon. -against " rats," by which is meant a class of workmen whodopoorworkandunderselltheOthers. There were many Germans present, among whom ther^e is already a Cigar-Makers' Society. Mr. Pass movedIN GK.nx{^jr.—I. Seward's late Speech on tho Admission of Kansas.II.LandjorthoLandless:TheHon.GulushaA Grow'a Speech.III. National Politics Abraham Lincoln's Speech.IV. The I^epresnible Conflict: Gov. Seward's Rochoater Speech.CONFIUMATION.—The sacrament of. Confirmationwas administered at St. Peter's and St. Paul's Church, E.D.,bytheRightRev.BishopLoughlin,onThurs-day afternoon, to about 500 yOuths of the Communiou.Over 200 of these wore girls, dressed in white, with and was sent to the Penitentiary for four months.Yesterday morning a large number 'of coh »red ladies - and gentlemen,"among whom were the R;v. 11. 11.JohnToilerpleadedguiltyofanunprovokedassaultandbat- tery upon John ftlcCurran, on tho 24th of March last, while the latter was standing in Thirty-second street, near Eighth avenue,Craraeti and the Rev. A. A. Conetantine of t le African that the_ Society now be organized [adopted], that the initiation ice be 25 cents' and dues 10 centsCivilization Society, gathered at the housj of Mrs. [adopted], that everybody should now sign his name 3. W . Bell, in Broome street, by invitation of Mr. to a roll [also adopted], alter which confusion reignedState Righjt»J and Supreme Court: Hon. James It. Doolittl Speech.white sashes and veils, and wreaths on their heads. After the ceremony the children walked around the church in procession, and subsequently they held aThoruutt Moran, alias Moore, alias Smith, a fellow who has already served six terms in the Penitentiary, of from two to six months each, was sent up again for half a year, on a plea of guilty of grand larceny.. S c h r . \Nm. Capes, Van Name, Virginia, wood.;•] Schr.'Ida Delia Torre, Prime, Virginia 3 days, wood.nati,BoBton,Philadelphia,andothercentralplaces,Heisabout20yearsofage,andhadchargeofthoen->NAL POLITICS: Speech of ABRAHAM gine about six months. He appears to know nothing ion the defendant now appealed. Decision reserved.BtgaL W£f»ifin § f . WALWORTH AND £ FOWLER «ndon«sr the inhabitants' of thejtfefeltjr. «• tho inmates 6t the^mm^^&mrs^iwmt SATURI}&H,l?on weretobeseU totheHoapitala ou Ward's Inland;30$}ftTVeakfiph,MossBunker- g^$a ,SoaRobin,the TBBASSVAT.REGATTAPRISES.—The priaar,tybe notpaythejamount. Ofcourse,bythat.eventthe.de- ThoCommissionershavethoughtittobetheirdutytosuggest TenBanded Pxwteons, B1 j ^ , a last, not least, awarded to the winners in the Annual Regatta of the falcation vjould become a felony, and he would be in- whether some action on the subject by the authorities of tho 0 T a e a n cities of New-Y ork and Brooklyn would not, undor the circum-three splendid Tro*i \ weigMtog between three and four New-York Yacht Club have been completed, and are stantly removed. Mt>. Fowler said that if ho could,, stances, be judicious and prudent.ITEMS.CostcjEXT.--?.he'Gewaau liederkrans Society have intrusted the commission of furnishing them. This at once tike possession of the office; receive all the cicnt for a larger number of patients than were ever at one time ill of yellow (ever in tho Quarantine Hospitals of this port. It isgenerouslyar-raxxgedtoofferaconcertonSaturday time,five"piecesareofferedfoToompetition,anincreas- monies,ani|baveabsolutecontrol,untiltheamount readyforservicewheneverfundsshallbeprovidedtodefraythedue was rjiajed by his friends, and he (Fowler) could necessary expenses. We are. very respectfully, yours,TOO IM 100 200 HOI15«3f» &do--dodo.••••••••• .bi io......*> '•evening,;fta>ij;he s*ow>eds of which will bo devoted to ing number of entries requiring a change from the oldthe nev , C^rmaa -school- in Grand' street, connected programme. They ore of about equal value, the win- then resigij the office, i n d the affair he kept from the(Signed,)J O H N C. G R E E N . ) • . .. GEORGE W . P A TTERSON, > Commissioners. CHARLES A. PEABODY, - >BROOKLYN ITEMS.4° '"' dodo-.-wHh*/M5Chiidwn^AidSoc»ty. The best artists of the 'society wifl^perform liithe entertainment.knowledge jof the world. He requested Mr. But- of their success. terworth tlo go to Washington, ,and, if possible,The friends and relatives of the family are invited te attend hi* ftrneralst No. 109 Green street, on Saturday, the frflta <~* «k•Comedy troupe—the pscccs being La Crweand Hc*r •rittteet'Otarlot—both givenforthefirsttime. This •«xeenent«3mpany deservesthe attention of lovers ofthe Frewfo drama, and most of all when the principals taketheirbenefits.lv 1 5 The base is perfectly plain, but where it joins the bodyJ lithco Botts, in the 61st year of his ^ e.CLARK—On Friday, May 18, of whooping coagb, Emily Moor*ners being allowed toebooec between them in the orderA silver tankard, modeled in the old-fashioned En- make tiiis aiTangemeait with Mr. Holt. Mr. B. con-At the conclusion of the ceremony, the Bishop mounted thocornerofthefoundation,andmadeashortaddresstothopeople, MBo'clockp.m..withoutfurthernotice.in which the advantages and necessity of true Christian educa-.tion were set forth in a clear and forcible manner. In conclud- Bos|ten papeis please copy.ing, the Bishop expressed his thanks to the clergy and the laity: PUFFER—In Brooklyn, on Thursday, May 17, Frank D.. chM who had honored them,with their presence at this auspicious in-auguration of tho new College, or rather tho transplanting 6f. BOTTS—At Washington, D, C, on Tuesday, May 15, Alexaadsi; Seton Hall to more favorable Hoil, and hoped that by their en-couragement and cooperation the institution might produce goodTTK.-Y.Cent- RR. 900 do10»„ d o . . . . . . . . . .Atthe'WhWir Garden this evening, May 19, aVben-efit w31 be -given to Mme. Laarette of the French ^ ^ twelve inches in bight and of generous capacity Saturday corning, and there learned from Mr. Holt ANOTHER STEAM BOILER EXPLOSION—A TENE-glish style, is one of the most beautiful pieces. This issented to j do so, and arrived at Washington on1 of; George D. and Eliza G. Puffer, aged 5 years.- - *- *•-'•- - •-• -of the tankard there is an exquisitly-chased border of leaves, clasically arranged arid, at the upper edge, finished by a rope in solid molding. Another ropecase ofnonpayment, to,take possession of the Office; that undotlbtedly the demand had been made, and that Mr.Fowle:•!wasthen,inconsequenceofthedemaad and refusal to pay, guilty of a felony.The!steam-boiler .in the Enterprise Kindling Wood Mills of John F , Pearson & Bro., situated in Warren street,explodedabout2o'clockyesterday afternoon, and carried destruction all around, and although sev-The building to .whichthe addition is to be made was erectedChtik, the only daughter of Burton E. and Mary E. Clark, agedi (l year and 9 months.1,000 United States 5s '65 3,000VlrgtoiaState6«.. 5,000 Missoori State 6*.. .. 6,0W Brooklyn City W. L.500 HL C^nt RR. Boi>; i. »IPacine Mail S.S.Co. p4*?00i doaoo, d o500l d oica do .: r\\ 100Cnmb.CoslPref;...\AA 10d11LOnt RR Scrir. SCON. Y. Cent. RR..l(A do .. .'..'« <C0 do.....15*Erie Railroad...i(^ do... ..100 d o . . . . . . . I . . ! ICOReading,Railroad100 do.....a - do.......... ;: pTe bnve had arfafit^ock market to-dav. b cliue and riolent .fliu Stt-eotbaabeenverj^m der Tarioaa nunorn ia VTiholo lu?t of fitocka v: diaturbing element. 1 ablybebuttemporeryStock moremerjjt, wbic advancing market, wj Thestockmarketisal but the normal . <goon resumed after] Cdj" iteelf. The. rairl Ukil,butduringthecq.fialee.Thisdecline,at Jaiinly due to. the mrrj fereron the Isthmria Jbejcirculated that then anaunderapanickyfe to}90|.Themarker Ouk freelj, it agaiji dee BoWdat90,thenext* 871, it again impr^vi.-'i, theregular^eaaiouitw and cloeed offered at th inregardtofeveruntjl• ]but there appears «< \vpiepe*8ofdiscrepa-mr eattent thia is true, 1-n bareinstitutedan:mprobably be known to-1 ihlattheover-iseueifoa cd!rathertocartlet-^rt than to any criminal iqi tajry,anduntilreceti•!y| baaresigned. Thed at the time of the paiv 1859, but were not th si thje dividend upon tl«rumor, being paid q funds. Aatheprtr-on the Secretary still uftalj jtnee, Btated the fqcs that the accounts ?be -5 for inretitigatiqn. Th Dothing of a crimina! nTnan.Panama^u'ff«re< & and eold down to 13-i i at 135. The gener..lunder the circuui«!tiii:'txj quiet and sold at $1 yesterday's closing prw Bale of Hudson Riv the Second Board, sj Harlem prefeiTed„vrt| closingat 39Jbid. .\ lor Wectern eban-e v?Which would have otji the very favorable if m of May being nentra.ii; Mail. RockL«lai:d 70, an advance of I find Quincy, the in«'tey all expectation, sold m. Galena! was < BteadpBond market! there d previousrates.,Theetc 6s, B2i,'S92|?, Mi^oJi ny, 21ja-22; CumU-rk 85«ot; New-York CRailroad, 21J®22; Hu< HJirlem Railroad, 13| S 40[ Reading Railroatt,id, 48|«49; Mij Indiana Railroad, IV$Panama Raikoad, 1;^5 road,61j®62;G«M» •®64|; Cleveland UJH Chicago and Rock Iskui Burlington arid Quia* Central 7s, 90.^90|In regard to the orf i Company have publish The unauthorized :ibs Company rendering ;t i t»tock list in tine fur ;hthe 19th int»t., BtcK-kh"td their certificates whetdends.In order to preventholdeij*, the Board »i«-<-i ct'rtain dn«crepain-i«^ in the last dividend reeii It i nep4ige^ce or desigii s a tion,nisfriendshave'w nV'ieacy. Competent | JSeparation of u nVwj eir investigationa - ** possible moment. Mt;add, that the dUscrepAUA a record in the,diividem tiiry of '37.050 share? t] have riot been *giv' capital stock was 3« the*uraof$366,*00 vj payment ol" thai ii:\iJ remains unclaimed i :;e The Board of Dir -Ca'fihi assets and securtd ofMay1,1800,ha> found correct,iPaetfe Mail Steam**The amount ot b-.i- inforeignbillshas•'••surroundstherim.,and,togetherwiththeonefirst-fcByinvitedtoattendwithoutfurtner noti«e.MURRA Y -On Thursday, May 17, at No. 150 West Seventeenthpjj . . . j i tnamed, secures at the back the broken section of aFitrscH REPUTXICAJ? CXC»,-4A meeting, com mast, making a characteristic handle. The lid of the Mr. Bulierworth next informed Mr. Holt of the eral persons were injured, but one, a child, was, seri--• »street, from a lingering consumption, Lilly Anne Gourlay, wiij.o p *heintendedtomake,butunderthecir- ouslyhurt. ;1''•"', , '• ing at*No. 618 Broadway, M. E. Farrenc, editor of suggesting Neptune's trident. Its surface is hand- cumstanc he would not make it, as he knew the The building is of wood, > a mere shed, occupyingThefuneralwilltakeplaceonthe19thinst.,at1Jp.m. •*]' Edinburgli, Scotland, and Lockport, N. Y-, papers please copy. J^ARTIN—At Hobokcn. N. J.,'on Wednesday, May 16, after »short iilncss, Alexander Howat Martin, eldest son of David and Eh'zabcth Martin, formerly of Dumfries, Scotland, aged 81 y«ar». ;McGEHEN—In Brooklyn, on Thursday, May 17, aged 40 jyeart,, John McGehen.NORTH—In Brooklyn, on Thursday, May 17,.Mrs. Mary North*DEATH OF A BOY FROM GftiF-F.—About four weekssince,ahoy,15yearsofage,namedJohnF.Griffitlis,whosepa- PRENTISS—Inthiscity,onWednei>dUy,May15,MfcwAngusta.rents reside at No. 226 Newark avenue, Jersey City, was arrest- jpreritiss, youngest HUO only sutviving daughter of the late Dr^. ed ftt tho instance of Wm.Webb, who resides in thewmo 'INathanielS.Prenlirsof Roxbury,Mass,e^ed56years.yosed-of citizens of Fretxch birth, met yesterday even- tankard is raised by a thumb-piece, conventionally propositio|I/'Epoqite, in the chair. The members present somely bordered by a molding imitative of a coral delay couljc bot be granted. Mr. Holt said it would nearly a full lot, 25 feet front by 100 deep. The pre-The style of the new building is to correspond with the present structure. It will be of brick, but colored to resemble the latter; three stories high, with tower, surmounted by turrets on each corner. This tower will be so arranged as to admit of a chime of bells. Provision for a clock will be made above the belfry. This building will bo set apart for study and recitation rooms, with sleeping apartments for tho students in the third story.•expressedthem&nostsatisfactM>n|attheproceedingsof sprig,surroundedbytherecliningfigureofatarwho, ^tke Chicago Convention, and yjeommented upon the with telescope in hand, may be supposed to be survey- contractexistingbetweentheharmonyandinthusdasm ingtheworldofwatersfromthecoralreef,uponwhichbe useless accede tojaowtomakeanyproposition,becauseto paredkindlingwoodwasheldinthefrontpart,andWe alsc; learn that at a meeting of the Cabinet onprevailing thereand the bickerings and disoord of the a wave has left him. The whole piece is very original Friday, it Was decided to offer the Post-Olfice to Mr. nearly new, having been manufactured for the firm in•';aged tj3 years. H'CharlestonConvention. Resolutionswerepassed initsdesignandwillbeadmiredbyallloversol*art.,recommending that aCommittee should be formed, A very happy bitndingofthepractical andpoetic him,andIi-mally offeredhimtheplace. Mr.Butter-October,1859,byAnderson&McLaurence,New- York. T h e engine is rated at six-horse power.'"withinstruotiaostomrtd».a written invitation to all isdisplayedinthenextpiece—an ordinary five-bottlo'frenchmen in the city, together with a synopsis of the breakfast Castor, exemplifying the deck of a vessel in Bntterwor ii then said that he would return to New- impelled through the side toward Bond street, struck atwo-story frame house on the rear of the next lot, and intheChicagoPlatformof1860. Aftei this,the ashatteredmast,upwhichasailorisclingingtothe" ThishedidJdecliningtheoffice. TheprincipalDemo- demolisheditalmostcompletely. Thebuildingis-general principles of the party, such as are embodieddistress. The handle represents the lower section of York, coneult his friends, and telegraph his decision.meeting adjourned to next Thursday week. All per-sons speaking the French language 'are invited to block hanging above him. The five bottles are in- Dix, who|]jjas since been appointed.owned by James McFarland, who occupied the lowerattend.Drs. Zabriskie and Derick attended the, boy, and did every- Costigan. Mrs. McFarland.was standing at the table, thing in their power to restore him to health. It appeurs, how- ever, that the mention of Mr. Webb's name, or the sound of binvoice,hudtheeffectofthrowinghimintothesespasms, which gradually undermined his constitution, and finally resulted in his death yesterday morning. During his illness,andnpto thelastmoment,Griffithsprotestedthat hewasinnocentoftiie accusation made ag&iunt him. 1 T h e doctors attribute his death to rheumatismandexcitementofthenervoussystem. Theparents*AthirdpieceisanIce-Diuhoftheregularform,but uniqueinornamentationandmostelaboratelywrought. At the foot is a pretty successful representation of surfCAMPAIGNTRIBUNE.inthebackpartofthefrontroom. Hertwochildren hadjustgoneout. Mrs.Costiganhasthreechildren— twowereatplayandtheother,aninfantaboutayearingofthesame. Aresolutionwasadoptidthatthecross-trees, by the aid of a rope reeved through a crats of the city then united in recommending Gon. closed in lashings of rope, which coil over the deck.floor.. The second story wasoccupied by Mr. WilliamCoMMissx>yERs or POLICE.—ThisBoar< metattheusualhour yesterday afternoon,when th»>PresidentstatedthathehadreceivedacommunicatioafromCity breakingoverrocksandlosingitsforceonabeach Editionc{fTHESEMI-WEEKLYTIUBUNE,whichcon- old,waswithherinoneofherapartments. TheforceftcxidthesameeverydaytotheCityInspector. A ofthispieceisareallyadmirablebordenofflower- President; •••'/" "buildingintherearofNo.30Rivingtonstieetwasre- work,which finishes' theover-lappingrimofthe. THE CIKPAIGNTRIBUNEwillthusconsistoffifty-buildingbeingontherearofthelot.Thesideand frontwerecompletelyknockedout,leavingtherear and the opposite end walls standing^FIRE INAFREIGHT CAR.—Yesterday morning, TERWILGER—OnThursday.May17.atbisresidence,No.35. j Barrow ntre«*t, Eldorado, only son of John W . and Catherineported ina dangerous condition, and liable to fall at mouth. one regnajr issues of T H E SEMI-WEEKLY TRIBUNE,about5o'clock,asafreighttrainontheNew-YorkandErieRail- road came into Jersey City, smoke was discovered issuing from the crevices of ono of the cars. Upon opening the car, it wasTprwilger,aged2yearsand2months.WOODS—In this city, on Thursday, May 17, Mrs. Mary Ai.tion and advA;acy of the Republican policy of granting the Pub- CIGAR-MAKEKS UNION.—Pursuant to adjournment, lie Lands in imited tracts to actual settlers, for the bare cost ofsurvey sad11le.escaped damage. The rear portion of the Bhed was demolished, buttheloss will be comparatively' slight. The noise of the explosion was heard a great dis-Before Judge BRADY..ACTION FOR DAMAGES FOR FALLING INTO A HOLE IN EIGHTH AVENUE, NEAR SEVENTY-NINTH STREET.Upht'winds and calms the entire passage.Schr. Robert Gilhllan, Townseud, Philadelphia, coal for Bos-ton., Schr. Gnlnaro (of Dennis), Thurber, Joggins, N. B., 9 day*,,DEFALCATfONTti &creating the most intense excitement. Fortunately, however, the boat reached ber place of landing before the frantic pawwn- gcrs had time to do_thcmsekrcs anyinjury;' UNSAFE BUILDINGS.—-The 8ergeant of the Sanitary "Police vesterday reported tenementhoasesNos. 107^and 109 Na- v y s t r e ^ l in a dangerous condition. The walls in. front and r7ar are cracked from*the gronnd to the roof, and liable to rail any moment. Two buildings in Hamilton 1 avenue, near ^Luqueer Street wore also reported as dangerous.; Fifty dirty tenementKrdull end heavy etSMrafor-''"KHii.AnBX.FKiA, May 13—Fx/njR . J t. •••WlrHe,$l S8.;..RediV;f3.'*®f|U 45. dolh . WHHA T declining. qntet. WHISKY steady, at ZUfdrttfa Cow quiefc Pfcovattojw•*. •"l O A R R I J B D .fcACKFORD-GREKN-Ondrjnceof the bride's mother, by the Rev. Ira K. Steward. Mr. Ji. G. Blackford to Miss Fanny L. Green, ail of thi* city.!would be compounding a felony.the boiler was located at the rear end, inside the shed. Itisacommon flue boiler, 15feet in length, andisButterwot|ih, and on Saturday the President sent forworth dec!ned, but the offer was repeated, and Mr..upon a bed of nickncss which brought on a severe nervousness or St. Vitns's dance. .Inspector "Detevan, setting forth that if the Sergeant of tained the proceedings of the Republican National Con- of the boiler knocked through one end, and, entering und relatives are overwhelmed-.with grief, fully believing that he bordered with marine flowers. From the center springs was brought to an untimely death by false accusations. Mr.to.attend the funeral from the residence of her parents, No. 10*East Seventeenth street, on Monday, the 21st, at 10 o'clock a-mv,SJCRIBNER—On Friday afternoon, May 13, after a long and I painful illness, Mr. A. S. Scribner. in the 52d year of his age. Hwjrelatives and friends are respectfully invited to attend hiafuneralfromhislateresidence,No.2£2Broomeatre<3t,onfSMSuITnHda—yOafnterTnouoesnd,atyheev2eunthinign,sMt,aayt.,15o,'caltolclkj, wo'citlhoocku,toffuratphoe-rloS West Houston street, Mr. intyvxitya,tiaotnh.islateresidence,No.10»Westlenry Smith, in tho 4tth year of his age. TWEED—OoFridaymorning.May18,ofdiseaseoftheheart, jRichord Tweed, in the 7<;th year of bis age.TpH friends of the family, and of his sons, Richard, jr., and Wm.hglecopy(51issues)--PORT OF NEW-YORKMAY18.4•WoissuedyesterdaythefirstnumberoftheCampaign$1 -- to one address..-$JLOII.•THE)IDEMOCRATICLEADERSFOUSpeech of ipjjwnY WILSON of Mass.—in Senate, Jan. 25,'T8G0— •showingby!CopiouscitationsthattheloadingDemocratic oratoru and politiciaiiB ore fnlly. reaolved toO /Cdestroy tho Union whenthey can n onger.rule itIII. T ADMISSION O F "KANSAS: G O V . S E W A R D ' Sr •place was injured.The name of the engineer is Alexander McLaughlin.obtain it.The defendant, who claimed to be the legitimate son of tho de-ceased, demurred to the complaint, and the Court below. Judgocalissueso;coday. j "IV.LINCOLN OI860—«xplpublican pariHon. JAMKfj I.DOOLITTLK'Uvindication of the Republicans of Wisconsin jn{ m the charge of Nullification.CHAMBBUS—MAY 18.—Before Justice BOX.VEY.—DECISIONS. Elizabeth L. Francis agt. Muson B. Francis.—Re-ferred back toreferee for further proof.Susan A.Stoclcer agt.William D.Stockeretal.—ng and defending the position and viewtt of the Re- on tho subject of Slavery: To which is added theHe was also employed in doing other work about the establishment.—Each,:ftheaboveisprintedonfairtypeandgood•j cixject of this expedition was to ascertain an i report to pose of finally organizing a trade protective union paper, forming a large octavo double-column tract of tance. It ,wa« like the discharge of a cannon, and tho peared from the complaint that the street was being regu- 1,,valt to C. E. Knox.thecontinent,nptothechannelofMozauibque. The; the colored people of this country, the natural reaour- and electing officers. Mr. S. Simons was called to the sateen pages.. They are sold in quantities of Onoamong themselves in this city, adopting a Constitution,, cee of that region of Africa, and the pros^wcts there to chair, and Mr. Louis Sieber appointed temporary Sec- ^thousand'' r over f&r one cent per copy; and the Thou-dust it occasioned hid everything from view for a,few seconds. It is fortunate that the damage is so small.lated and graded at the-time tho accident huppencd. Tho Court I,Schr. Addie E. Barnes, Betsworth, Virginia, oysters, for Now*held that the plaintiff had no right to go upon the street while it Haven.The police of the Third District were present a few year ago in company with Messrs. Martin R. Delany of the movement. There-are about 5,000 cigar-makers quantities" i each as the buyer may desire. In smaller moments after the occurrence, and rendered everywas being graded, or if he went it was at his own risk, and sus-tuinod tho demurrer and dismissed/the complaint. For plaintiff,R. H . Shannon; for tho Corporation, Henry H Anderson. COURT OF GENERAL SESSIONS—MAY 18.—Before Judge|Schr. Maria Louisa,. Cummings, Fall River 2 days, mdse. to master.jSchr. Lady of the Ocean, Tibbitts, New-Havon 2 days, inbal- last to master.Schr. Albemarle, Schuchard, Maubcgo, N. C-, shingles for Providence.'! Schr. Yorktown, Woglam, Georgetown, D. C , 4 days, flour, &c to James Hunter it (^o.i,Schr.Trojan,Cook,Savannah9days,lumbertoC.Johnsonof" New-Haven.i Schr. Catharine Thomas, Tuttle, Virginia, oysters for New- Haven.! Schr. Sherwood, William, Virginia 3 days, oysters.I Schr. Marblehead, Ingraham, Pott Ewen,"coal for Rockport. • Schr. Lucy Ames, Ames, Roudout, coal for Boston.and Robert Campbell, from Quebec via Lot idon. His t quantities} Si 25 per hundred; 25c. per dozen; singly, are countries in which tobacco is used. It was deemedpossible aid. .. *comrades went to the Niger Valley, and t ie Yoruba advisable to-get np a Society to protect themselves 4 cents.' RC88KI.I>.mmmgjsjjMiGeorge Speight pleaded guilty of shoplifting on All-Fools day,"Meyers, to inspect the evidences of African p roductive- for a while. Finally some new pens were got, and V. The Democratic Leaders for Disunion Hon. Henry Wil- May lioral festival in the church, in which the statue at the jewelry store of Nicn Kerschner, No. 49 Chatham street, !Steamer Black Diamond, AU«n, Philadelphia, mdse. to Loperneeswhichhehadbrought backwithhim—dtogetherconstituting a respecbtble little cabinet of natnral his-tory. The greater part of Mr. Mcyers's time wasspent at Port Natal, on the eastern shore, th sextremethe cigaf-makers went to building a platform and Con- stitution with a good will, and a hope that they will eventually become a powerful Society.DRIVING IN THE CENTRAL PARK. ,"son's Speech! .VI. The Btt'bazism of Slavery: Hon. Owen Lovejoy's Speech Price of ail these German Speeches, 5 cents a single copy;$2 50 per 100; $15 per 1,000. If by mail, oni cpat each in ad' dition must b\ sent to pay the postage,roftheVirginwascrownedwith flowers presented by the girls.and was Kent to tho Penitentiary for six months. GeorgeA.llnrrisonpleaded guiltyofstealingseveral hundreddollars from Hamilton Jones, the keeper of a paper-stand at the Alitor House, and was gent to the State Prison for two years.northern terminus of the settlement of the Boors, To the Editor of Tho N. Y. Tribune.-where the chief part of his cabinet was nade up. SIR: I am a working man, using horses in my busi- PROCEEDINGS OF THE QUARANTINEHe brought with him a male and female Kaffir sheep and ness- I have the use of a neat and respectable wagon, in which Ia Malay sheep. These animals form the mai u element take my family out occasionally for an airing. The vehicle isCOMMISSIONERS.Atameeiingof the Quarantine Commissionera, heldaittheirolfi|kNo.59Pmestreet, May15,lv,^1860, Fp4rVe<0a-t'.nt .TAWM'B}. GIIEEN, Chairman, George yf. Patter sent, JOHNrles A. Peabody, the following, arnoiij sonj and Cltirxce A . jtcawwiy, mc lonowmg, amongcharacter and importance of the religious obligations .' Thomas Stack alias Loyd, convicted of grand larceny, was sent to tho House of Refuge.AttCHOKHD AT QUAKANTINK.—The following outward-bound} vessels are at anchor iu tluarantiuc: Ships President Killmore, Tuisko (Bremen), J. « : . Fannin; barks Chevallie, for Richmond; WarHawk,for Jamaica; Agues,Eagle(Sic.), Express,North- wood.und Pride of the Sea; schr. J. W. Webster.,The U. S. steam iligatc Niagara, at sunset on Friday evening,, was still anchored below the Narrows, detained by fog.sometimes used for business, and has the name of its owner in-scribeduponitIncompliancewith the law. I have (like Mr.Bateiuan) been rudely expelled from the Park. There can be noobjection to the original law of the commission excluding wagousthey had that day assumed.Francis Van Winkle, convicted of assault and battery on Mary Maber,wasfinedif25.laden with goods, but the Superinteudant has been outraged—aness of their feathers. The samples of cot on, both fish pedlar has dared to get between the wind and his nobility. other procefedings, were had:-wildandplanted,sugar,ofdifferent qualities,also Thiswas,indeed,carryinghisfishtoabudmarket,sotheSuper- RetoCved,GffliatacommunicationbeaddrosRod andltransmitted to tho Mayor! of tho Cities of New-York and Brooklyn, on theJohn Faahaly, convicted of assault and battery onPhoobo REDUCTION II* THE PKICK OK GAS.—Tho Brooklyn IBUUCB, was sent to tho Penitentiary for three mouths.Crescentia Roth, who pleaded guilty of an attompVat larceny, Gas Light Company notify the public that after the 1st wus remanded.of July next the price of gas'will be reduced to $2 50 Henry Meyer was tried and convicted of stealing two mink , per1,000cubicfeet. The,nowgascompanyexpectto capesfromFrancisA.Steiuer,No.35MaidenLane,onthe17th]BySANDY HOOK, May 18, Sunset—Steamship Moses Taylor,for Havana, passed out over the Bar at 1 p. m. All the outward biouud vessels before reported are yet at anchor inside the HOOK. Wind S. E., moderate; weather very foggy and rain. V,. IBOSTON, May 18.—Arr. steamer Phiueas Spragtie, Mattnews,of November last, and wus sent to the State Prison for two years. coflee, tobacco, Indian corn^ wheat, oats, and barley, iiiU-ndont haji enforced regulations which virtually excluded the subject of a r t ovision for paying the current expenses of'the have their works ready in August, and will furnish Julius Schnell wus sent to the State Prison three years, for jTelegraph*•were certainly very fine, Mr. Meyers alscj brought with him some native wines, but. these wire inter- cepted. He says the climate at Port Natal is) pleasantAnd healthy, especiallya short-distanceinland, thethermometer varying in the Winter from 65 to 75, andistheSummerto85degreesfahrenheit.Thehottest-months jtre January and February. Mr. Meyers in-tandssdUngbispropertyintheWest,andmovingtowive* and children of mechanics and small traders from the drive' of the Park.As this Is a matter that deeply concerns a largo and powerful bodyofyourfellow-citizens,thecarmen,builders,to.;ofNew- York,whodesirenothingcontrary to decency and decorum, I would respectfully call attention to the matter.KOBKIITSTEWART,No.291Ninthavenue.To theEditor of The 11. Y; Tribune.SIR:ASfromtheansweroftheSuperintendentof he Central Park the public would infer that I had oue of myQuarantine Hospitals for the present year, as follown:- i m O f t Otr TUB QUAUANTINE COMMISHIOWKnS, ) m .* rr J , , •., No. 59 Phi e Htreot, May 15, I860. J To the Uononble Mayor of New- York.DKAHSm|Thestatuteof1H5<>requiredthisCommissionto fetaten Islandtudprovidefortheircareandtreatment elsewhere.gas at the same rate.WORK FOR THE CORONER.—About a week ago a olor.edmnn,namedRichard Buscomb,wasburiedfrombis late,residence in South-Third street, E. D., by means, it Is alleged, of a forged certificate of his death. *The certificate horocommitting a burglary upon tho bar.of Conrad's Park, at York- vi'1l1lec, and stealing"8^2 lbooxes of ci,gars.Wm. Jones, Peter Butler, und Andrew Roberts, were triedwhichnoticeIhesamelawprovidesthatnosickpersonshould be sent to thejiilaces designated by this Commission.'Inobediencjrto the mandate of tho stutute, this.Commission Mud £iU*b(u% prior to bm going to his honje in the again that it was a small wagon, and the sign on it my name and caused the pajuents to be removed from the Marine Houpltul. residence, from a stencil-plate hardly disc«rnibl« on going along, They also provided temporary accommodations; and designatedinregardtothematter,statedthatDr.Ponyfurnishedtho certificate, but he denies all knowledge of the man or the olr-.Reported byTelegraph.At'rkii. Ho will visit the colored people of Philadelphia heavy business wogon* to advertise my business, I would state^WBLBOVKNE, March 17.-The ship Phenix, previously wpwted bales; sales of the week 2,330. RXCKIFTS of tho week 5,400, wool. Her cargo i« valued at £40,000. She has been raised, aidWest.-,pot on the same in case or theft The gatekeeper aid not stop places to whieh the Quarantine sick arriving iu port should be um «.v wuouroro ivrwry BMoesn conn«ittod and by whom port 59,500 hales. Stock in port 16,000 bales. STKKHNU E X - slready been landed, washed, aud ready for sale. ^ J * * ^ rn*J, nor sereral of the police whom I.passed. As a tax-payer of sent, and jjavit notice of such designation, as required by the The body, which was burled in Union Cemetery, is to be ex CHANOK quiot at 108J<3>109. inn minertwlly in«the lower hold, was not so badly burnt as WMTobacco, at 5s. tM.: ;JU St. Jagoandbuck, atjj Cardenaato fydx\e\,-thhv city, I utill contend for my rights to use the Central Park as statute. ThlsiwaB accomplished, and tho notice given on tho humod, and an inquest held to-day.CitAnir.BflTON, May 17«T-COTTON: Sales •to-day 7,000 bales; ySSSSPS* -Mpi. badly burnt, and wiU n<^ resUso over•~&vr> or tiiY. MACDONALD CAJK«^-Yesterday after- * PJ^** ?f rB<5r*s,k*i<>,:, and pleasure during good behavior, and not 2flth day of J # e , 1H59. From that date it became unlawful to tow>subjectedtowhatshapeandformofawagontob*MO sendanysicknemoutotheMarineHospital.•sales of tho week 6,400 bales j udvonce on tho weelc i'S'ic, Moniui,May17,—COTTO«steady;salesto-day5,000bales;£300. and probably not that; <*n only be usedas »««»£. i&« tendersforraisingWwerefrdrh«2000to*3,000}th«J%«££ accepted.Capt.DunbarandcrewoftheAm.shipg*TM!TM?rxxwtheDiatrict-AttorneysenttotheHooseofDeten-useAxputtothisanswermerelybytheadviceofseveralwlu>BythedesijniationofplacesbythisCommiasioa,as-above mentioned, aUUunail-pox patients were to be sent to the Small- i'o* Ht>spital <Jh.JUmdtvrdi'a Jaluad; ailctmy* which wyuld not.PANICON,ASTEAMUOAT.—About11o'clockyester- daymorningthesteamferry-boatJohnChase,runningfromtho quotationsnominal.. ••• „ , '_ieelmterfe.stedinthesBme. • **onUxMte Morgan md HkryBrooks', fie[two wit- JMay 18, W9, tf0./ •JOHN BATJEMAN, }& Jfe* Twenty-third, street.; :• v.;••:•••.. ••.'••"•':fontof Tenth street, pastern District, to Catharine street, Now- Yozk, met >VUU» slight ftccidout to HOUIO part of hor macaiaory.BAITIKOHB, May 18.—FLOCH: No sales. WHEAT lower; Red bW^olatoed Salvage to tho extent of £100. for scottikuj hft $1"i&'cD#183;White*1Wd6$kl60.Com*doolinedS©.:Yel- XichhMbcenallowed. Thefirehasdonegreatdamag*toMiXf>«^l.ll»ll.ll^W«»rt»i«**»Wl>»*W,» -,"'l „i»IM.<..«-~>—'" .»»..«...•..,»-— ~—."' .. ,*-,...*» .,.,..-».' •.-•.-,,•..»..rIet malosvoeditrheectpeadtitehnitss CforommitshsioonMtaorino Hospital at Castleton on j i this Commission to provide temporary accommo-Sterling iw * «ucc<Bsfully provided for, under the abc TO arrangement, the'that an agjffit had been dispatched the evening previous MENT HOUSE DEMOLISHED, AND MIRACULOUS E S - toNew-York,tomakethedemandofMr.F.,and,in CAPEOFTHEINMATES—SEVERALPERSONSINJURED.— men,goodcitizens,andwhatwasbetter,goodChristians.the Sanitary Squad would mike reports ;ohim rela- the stem,a bunch of bulrushes in solid silver. The vention' 11 Chicago, and will close with the issue the building, was turned round by the resistance pre- •Griffiths • states that Webb is a tenant of his,with whom he has |M., and of his grandson, Charles T Rodgers, axe respectfullytive to overflowing sinks he would attend t >the cleans-sented by the. chimney, and, passing through the front had some trouble in endeavoring to have him ejected from his of Noven ber 9, in which we hope to announce the premises, aud against' whom he caused a peace warrant to betriumphal;ichoiceofaRepublicanPresidentandVice- ofthehouse,lodgedsomefeetdistantintheyard—the issaedafewmouthssince.jinvited to attend his funeral from his late residence, No. 237 East Broadway, on Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock, witboat furthernotice.bowl is adorned with a pleasant arrangement of flow- Sergeant of the Squad make a duplicate eport, and ers and shells upon a heavy surface. But the feature• ;;—loo' do..36* do..... faS* da;'jieTheboiler,which waslying across the shed,was 1hoUse. He charged the lad with having enticed twoofhis Bostonpapersfiavxa copy.children into an out'house, and prevailed upon them to take partin a revolting act. Griffiths, who had been unwell from rheti- SHERWOOD-In this city, on Friday, Mry 18, Phebe D., matismj was released, on bonds being given, to await the action daluglster of Nelson and Fannie H. Sherwood, aged 22 years, S of the Grand Jury, when he at once returned home overwhelmed mbnthsand 21 days.withgriefandmortification, andwanimmediately prostrated The!relativesandfriendsofthefamilyarerespectfullyinvited.Mrs. Costigan says she got down stairs in some man- found to contain a quantity of bale cotton which'was on fire. The andoneonthelargestnewspapersprinted,containing ner,butcan'ttellhow;everythingwasfallingabout baleswerethrownout,andinanhorttimethefirewasextin-Woods, agea 48 jears.•Pasucngers Arrivedany moment. •A silver Salad Dish stands next in order. It con- being the; jfull size of the Daily and Weekly editions,sists of a plain oval base, upon which four anchors, uished; damage about sjif>0. The origin of the fire is not known,TTCITETATTDWATCHSWINDLING.—AWesternmancarelesslythrowntogetherwithcoilingcables,formfewadvelements,butgivingafullcurrenthistoryher,andshewascompletelybewildered.Herinfantfutitisthoughtthatasparkfromthelocomotivemighthave,namedAlbaappearedattheMayor'soffic*yesterday,ahd complained ofIsaiahSelover, a well-knownanappropriatesupportfortheovalbowlabove. The ofthePr ijdentialCanvassofi860—thePlatformsofwasthrownoutintotheyardandburiedbeneaththe fallenthroughabolt-holeinthetopofthecar. ;'.» ' "'\In steamship Ariel, from A*pinwalL—D. M . Corwine,~ wife, childandservant;Mrs.Knight,SenorSeoane,PeruvianMinister toBrazil/Wm.Chombers,SecretaryLegationtoNew-Granada;covered by a policeman. Several weeks ago it wasannouncedthatMayorWoodwouldnotconsentagain -to any such compromises with the swindlers, bnt "wouldhavethemallprosecutedunderthenewticket'ToseeoldProteus risingfrom thesea,Or bear old Triton blow Lis wreathed horn.'?entsin gland,France,Germany,Italy,California, beamsaidlathing,whichpreventedthebricksand in-law. OnSunday Newman lefthomeforBarnes'sresidence, Tozer,J.W.Knowles,A.Freeman,H.Fordyce.J.E.Eizzman,. South A: ijica, <fcc, &c. This issue will not therefore rubbish from striking it. The child sustained severe desiring to see his sister (Barnes's wife), when Barnes saw him F. Bogart, S. Charles, M. O. Lunison, H. Laacbnel, L. Megge,theFinanceCommittee,appointedtosuperintendthe Jaw without quarter, in order to teat that h w. Mayor collection and management of the fund for the benefit "Woodhascometoanadverseconclusionveryquickly. oftheChampionofAmerica,heldameetingatthe Thewatch-swindlingjhopsareallop«>n,andthe MaltaSaloon,cornerofBroadwayandThirteenthItindifferent as well as to arouse and stimulate those al-ready convinced that the Republican cause is founded intruthanfljjustice,andthereforeoughttoprevail.AIGN TRIBUNE will be mailed on the fol- s, payable always in advance:«.kjopies$80 sends $10 for %1copies may at any time afterward|ncreasethenumberto24,orfrom24to100,by sending ihe difference as above between the price of the smallein ind that of the larger club.man'sbodyandlegs,inflicting seriouswounds. Barnes,who and body badly burned, but the hurts Will not neces- was quite drunk at the timo, was arrested and committed to thesarily prove fataL In Mrs. McFarland'8 apartments Borhngton County Jail. thebricksandtimbersfilleduptheentireroomwithCONDITIONOFHARDEN.—JacobS.Hardenhasre- covered from the shock of his conviction and sentence, and is now apparently very much at case in his mind. He seems cheerRises. Sandy Hook.HIGH WATER THIS DAYI.fifth and last piece is a Chafing Dish for oysters. The the sever,parties,theircandidates,arguments,nieet- fallingrubbish,whereitwassoonafterfoundbyitsATTEMPTED MURDER BY SHOOTING.—An attempt J. B- Halsey, Charge d'Affaires; M. Cant, E. Lane, R. Pitcairn,ticket-swindler, who has been in the businets for years, lamp is within a graceful tripod;, the bowl is deep and ings, 8pe<Kches, & c , with all the intervening State cries, and dag out. The full weight of the falling mass at mUrder by shooting occurred in Sham ong, Burlington Co., N. M.jGalady, Capt. Corner, John Herne, wife and child; Mrs.eharginghimwithgetting$50too"muchon;ofhimon andfullsummariesoftheForeignandother didnotcomeupmit,grit must havebeeninstantly J.,onSunday!last,whichmayprovefataltotheunfortunateiadi- Gray,Mrs.Kermish,.M.Pictrosonti,wifeandchild;E.Vv.All- round, its single distinction being a spirited statuette on Elections,) vidual who received the contents Of the gun. It appearrs that press, C. C. Rowan, Capt. Thomas Moore, M. Pastio, Capt. J .a steerage ticket for California, the regular price of the cover, gazing at which one seems -whichoughttohavebeen$100, Themoneywasre-news oft day, including letters from our correspond- crushed to death. It was protected by some cross for BOiAe time| past a difficulty had existed between two men Coiielnnd, Capt. Titus and wife, G. Titus.]injuries,notwithstanding. SurgeonBalladministered ashewasaboutgettingoverthefence. Heinstantlysaidthat be read arid prized by ardent politicians only, but will he would shoot the d d rascal, and. seizing his gun, ran outd30inthesteerage.THE HEE.VAN TESTIMONIAL FUND.—Last evening be interesting to all, and, thus calculated to win the to its relief immediately afterward. He found its face aud fired, the contents taking. effect in the lower part, of New-MIlflATOKE AJLStAifAC.4:40ISets ..,. 7:13|Mdba—Rises.. 3:2ftsils, and everything else in the house were smashed in pieces and scattered all round—the whole presenting a shapeless mass of ruins. Thevalue of the building was about $500, and the furniture about $300.ably act very differently from what he now does.Cleared.Steamship—City of Washington, Jeffrey, Liverpool, John GU•p, ;* ~ v < | » . « - w V » » \ - , ' " . W / r W 9 f c l W ^ V » W ^ I » ' v ^ « « « « ' « W « ! » S « . l » l M ^ ^FBarks—C. Keen, Swan, Mobile; S. Crooker, Staples, Neuvita?,, H.D.Brookman&.Co.;Sofia,CampajoU,Naples,WilliamF- Schmidt. | .brigs—Acme, Haley, Glasgow; Ocean Bird, Newman; Bermu- da, MeCall &. Frith; J. Welch, Fifield, Philadelphia, inaeter; Co- lumbus, Campbell, Itichibucto, H. J. it C A. Dewolf; Granada, Pcftingill, Neuvitas, T.'O'weu &. Sou; lsab«J!a Bcurnian, Tarns*,. Port-au-Piince.R.Murray,jr.;W.R.Walters,Clark,Liverpool, P o s t . S m a l l So C o . ; C a u r a , r * e s c u d , G i b r a l t a r , G o m e z , W a u i a i t jCoL; L. Stcrer. Getchell, Portland, G. L. Hatch-Schooners—E.A.DeHort,Lowe,Boston,Baker&.Dayton;J- 'W.Allen,Squires,Lavacca,McCready.MottitCo.;J.M.War- ien. Chapman, New-Haven, master; Equator 1 Br.), Albany,Harbor Island -, Charles William, Healy, Enzabethport. Sloop—J. Adams, Hallock., New-London, master. Steamer—F. Cudwalader, Pienson, Baltimore.ArfJved*SteamshipIsabel,Rollins,HavanaviaCharleston3days, mdsev Uo Spofford, Tileston &. Co. Came to this port for repairs. May!lfj„40 miles N. of Uatteras. spoke U. S. surveying schr. Bancroft, / 'lying to in a N. E. gale; 17th, 4 p.m., saw a fore-and-aft schr. Iashore 10milesN.ofBaruegat Light:hadherjibandforesail set;"the'seu making a clear breach over her; had apparently just gone Ion.Steamship Ariel, Miner. Aspinwall May 10, mdse. and pots, to/ D. B. Alien. May 5, off Great Inogua, was spoken by a boat, whW reported that the btig AlbatrosR, trom Orocas for London, with 4,000 sacks coffee, was wrecked on Molasses Reef May 2; 13th, spokeBr. barkCassance,standingnorthward.; Steamship l'!.ilnd.-lplu;i, Howes, New-Orleans May 9. aud Ha» vana 12th, mdse. and pass, to M. O. Roberta. May 13, lat. 25 41,. Ion-805,sawschr..Vspor,boundN.;loth,lat.3223,Ion.7723,. ww ship Richmond, boona E.SteamshipPatapsco, VaiL Bortland,mdae. andpass,toH. B. Cromwell it Co.jSteamsbip Mouticello, Gager, Washington and Alexandria,, mdse. und pass, to H. B. CromweU it Co.Brig Circassian (of Bucksport), Hagau, Cardenas 12days, sugar,. &C-, to 11. D. Brookman it Co. Sailed in company with bark A . Lincoln, for Boston, and schr. Mury Alvina, for Philadelphia.BrigBlackSwan(of'Georgetown,S.O), Podgej^.Arroyo,P.- R., Way 4,.sugar ana molasses to Dibble it Buuce.Brig Mnry Lowell (o'f Machlas), Peterson, Mayaguez, P. R.,. Apxil 29, sugar, itc., to master.jBrig Conquest (Br.), Minniss, Windsor, N. S., 10 days, plaster to A. Smithersit Co.iBrig J'. Means, Wells, New-Haven, in ballast for Philadelphia^ Brig Judge Whitman, Pressy, Roudout, coal for Salem.• iBrig Financier, Hunt, Roudout. coal for Boston.jSchr. George R. Lantair (of Harwich), Snow, Matanzas 128HA A. GBOtyj'« Speech-rin the House, Feb.'29,1860—in exposi- was considerably torn. Theengine and machinery all COURT OF COMMON PLEAS—SPECIAI, TKKM—MAY 18.— days, pineapples to C. Ackerly; vesselto Post it SmalL Has had•Some damage was also occasioned on the east side of Our own nterestin thus issuing papers at a price the factory inwhich the explosion occurred. The mason- -jCOURT—GBKERAXTKRM.—MA Y18. — Bcforbarelyexceedingthecostofthewhitepaperissoslight workinwhich the boilerwasplacedwasscattered,t h a t w e d o n o t h e s i t a t e t o u r g e a l l w h o d e s i r e t h e a n d a s h o w e r o f b r i c k w a s i m p e l l e d a c r o s s a v a c a n 4 l o t , C o u r t , t h e F a c u l t y o f t h e L a w • D e p a r t m e n t o f t h e U n i v e r s i t y triumphof|tteRepublicancausetocooperatewithus completelydemolishingastableandouthousesonthe presentedtirenamesoftwenty-twograduatesoftheUniversitythePeople'spartyfavorabletothenominationofGen. of$J00—tobepaidincase-Heonanwouldconsentto byearlyandearnesteffortstogiveawideandgeneral rearofJohnMcGarry'spremises. whohadreceiveddiplomas,tobeadmittedto'practiceaa attorneys and counselors-at-law. The Court this morning de- "Sam Houston of Texas for President of the United exhibit himself in public, after his return from Europe, drculationijtp THE CAMPAIGN TRIBUNE. A number of bricks were thrown across several livered an elaborate opinion holding that it. being a matterwrite for %pm. AddressHORACE GREELEY & Co.,No.154Nansau-st, New-York.occupied by William Cook and others, shattered the The grounds upon which this conclusion was settled, are, thatIf}AMPAIGNI. THEIRREPRESSIBLE CONFLICT: GOV.SEWARD'SDOCUMENTS.escaped. practice therein. *»*. •The exact cause of the explosion does not appear. The students are much disappointed at this decision, and many of them express their determination to go with their The engine had not been running for ten minutes before friends to the Colleges in Albany, whose students arc admittedthe accident, the engineer and all hands, some ten in without question by the Supreme Court of that district.grape arbor, and one of the missiles struck Mrs. Cook and hersister, injuring boih considerably. Sevtralhe act which Riven the University students the right to admis-years each.dations, and fyttygnatted placet .fo..r t.he care and„.t.r.,e»a.tment of tho toe'Signature of Dr. Cook, a well-known physician of Willlams- James MoGninneas was sent to the State Prison for two years,QuaraulinttsifkwhonhouldarriveinthoPortofNow-York,and burgh; ItwassubsequentlyascertainedthatatthetimeBus-, forpassing#5billsontheBankofFranklinCounty.BOSTON, May lfi.-The ship Black Sea. from Hono ti.New-Bedford; put into Sydney, N. S. W., March % iu.distrew,give notice tl*iiwof to theauthorities, who were previously em- comb died, Dr.,Cook W«Habsent from the city, and had been for powered to s tnd sick persons to tho Marine Hospital. Alter several weeks. Tho wife of tho deceased, upon being questionedAdjourned.hVbowftd'' 'J. .........••[-.Untitled DocumentYv '•IIIIHH III""V '"'?•IDOMMERL %n\e* a t the **t%W> United States 5s '. I. 3I.e«0 Missouri State fi*it,000 -• do............ ... 1,«)0 New-York Cent. U . e.WOErieRRSdM.Bfc.'SMOErie RR. 5th Mt B«SOOEiieRR. Bonds ".5. 1,<00 Hud. Rlv, RR. 2d M 1,«00Hod.Rir.RR !WMl.SOOHarlem BR.1stM.. 2.W0 Harlem RR3d M.B« 5,d00 Micb. C«ri. R R 8 1r cent I«mtg.S-'-.k1 ingFund Com Bd<. 5,W0Mich.So.2dmtgUt 6,000 UHnois Freel'd Bs* 0,000 Hannibal ie. St ..'<I sepb R R Bondc ... 2,000 Cleve. k Tol. StokmJ j" Fund Bonds....... -J5,0W> Detroit, Mliwauk. » ({ Toledo Bonds8 (Bank of New- York.. 20(Union. Bank ••68 IBank otlCommrw*-28 Metropolitta Bank... 15Pszk Bank...*- MAmer. Eac-Bsalt... •'•TO P a c i f i c M a B S t m , C c ^for a piivate residence, but;is well adapted for the purpose for.which it has been purchased. It is built of solid marble, in the .' The funeral services will take place on Sunday, at 2 o'clock p. m.rFrench style of architecture; is three stories in hight, 62 feet frontby48indepth,andhasanelevationofabout60feet. Onthe left corner is a tower, .from the top of which a commandingview is afforded. This tower issurmounted by a gilt cross. The:building is partly surrounded by a piazza, and stands back from of Gebrge W. Murray, in the 24th year of her age. theroartabout260feet,withadescendinglawninfront.T rxrlrl; XTnamed Wilsoiai1Barnes and William Newman, who are brothers 1In steamship Philadelphia, from Havana—M.' V. and S. W..: --_, V.Dale.LA W INTELLIGENCE. j Ship—Emma Jane, Jordan, St. John, C. C. Duncan h. Co.' : — s > _SUPREMEJustices SUTHERLAND, Mur-wirand LKONAKD.REJECTION OF THE UNIVERSITY STUDENTS.Atthecommencementofthepresent Term ofthe; Schr. Surf, Shaw, Cherryfield 6 days, lumber to C. it E. J. This Court.transacted conuiderahle business to-day. Peters. •.Maiy Lawrence pleaded Ruilty of passing some 4>1 bills on the Chenango ?mik in April last, and was remanded for sentence.& Kukpatriek.|iSteamer Tocony, Ely,Philadelphia, mdae. toLoper it Kirk» Patrick.. ! Stesmcr Kennebec, Hand, Philadelphia, mdse. and pass, to F» Perkins.j Steamer Ospiay, Kenny, Providence, tuin*:. to Isaac OdeU.&AILED—Steamship Moses Taylor. Havana. instructing the formor to bring up their children in the Nicholas. Armstrong was in the company of several bad charac- '; From Quarantine, burk Fssex, Bordeaux.ters, who.assisted in robbing Fogan.of a gold breastpin. He was WIND—Duriug the day, E. S. E., with dense fog below. ways of religion, and pointing out to the latter the sent to the State Prison for three years.George Armstrong pleaded guilty of assaulting Dennis Fagsu of the Brevoort House on tho night of tho 18th of April, with tho .largo numberof whom were present, and tho children; intention of taking his money, in Broadway, near the St,The Bishop made an address |both to the parents, afor burglary, and convicted of grand larceny, havin„ „. „rand larceny, having crept into Philadelphia; bark Azor, Buike, Fayal-.brig Cadsandria, Cru-thejewelrystoreofCharlesE.Schabbehar,iuHudsonstreet.isns,Rotterdam;sthrs.H.D.Griuall,Turner,Cardenas;J. Price,SeaTM,Matanzas.onthe8dofMay.Theyweresent to the.StatePrisonforfivechanged.Freights—To hWehcom),at7id.iubulk.ii atC-e.; 75 casks Ita boxes Cheeee, at 10 2s. 4Jd.; 60jO CJISUN rork,at<3s. ?d. it*. IffarlcctM.SAVANNAH, May 17.—COTTON unchanged;' sales to-day 340 burnt, is supposed to be spontaneous from heating.of rags anafrom No. 000 AHaulic street, Brooklyn. Friends are re*pect»-bales, against 8,900 bales last year. Increased RKCXU'TB at this is! now alongside of the wharf, and some 900 bales of"TM\TM?1 10:,Iow70^780.:jWhtt©72^750. PORH steadyjMo«»$18;Jftump ahlp,havingburntright<fawutoth.0lowerdockbatm*.6:87 I Gov. Island.7:27—Hell Gate9:09< iThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com•-B 