 AFFAIRSOfCESTBALAMERICA.UMatblagr ef Traaslt Speewlators— l e w « • ! * Hiafu Ojneed lm Ml*ar»Hgaa-~ i a c r l c s a a n d Mntlve Marrtag.0*—Tne • e r a O w t h r e a h , A c . , d*e.NICARAGUA.•OB «BANA DA CUBBBBPONDBNCE.tomn)monopolies. Moreover,thegovernmentmentirely nmnnnbte sf guaranteeing its engagements. The true wealth tf Nicaragua la in her public domain, rich in fer- tility,Immenseinextent,andcapableofproducingincal- culable benefits for her people. This domain has saver been swayed. Bern we find untold wealth lying idle for the want of a nuto common sense and activityatm theOBITTJARY.TneHswYork Historical Society. Tun A large and atteative aadtonce was present si thsregularmonthlymeeting oftheHistoricalSociety,held Theon Tuesday evening, the Rev. Or. Do Witt presiding.emBoardtheUaltodMtofMbefore yesterday.6&AXADA, Jam. 28, 1MQ.»rmi Gathering • / Tmud Optrm»rt~lnUrtMt Repre- riches of Nicaragua. The known ability of the Consulram u> be Overhauled by the Legislature—RschGold andMr. Benjimin Barest and Mies Delphlna Iacayo haveatoo concluded that they have lived long enough in single ago. Inheriting the patriotic spirit of hto father, who ems Witchcraft in the American Colonies " America was not skull was not fractured; there were no Injuries, no frac- Am-9* Mmtimat Debt DjtwuttimA BMtinp Fund firblessed nete. Benjamm and Delphina will be made manand wife in March next, God willing. The bride's rather, when a more atrippling, for a lieutenant's commission to prevalent, and In which legal enactments were first made nation as circumstanoes permitted J apparently thereof812AO0forthe] lOf'tototothatwardwhereon to erect a primary ached boon*. T&e paper wss told overB\J htinsaf Propmmd The Meal Wealth of the Qmmtry— ahant of thto place, will give a feast, which wfllAmurumn Marriage* with Native Ladies on the Topi*— anything m that fins which has ever been wittiest ._h»Ni-The bride will be presented on her weeding day Affair* in the Neighboring State*, *Y , dc with a splendid set of diamonds, valued at tlO.fiOO, thefa* al) abaorbtng topic of dneourse now, la town and gift of her parents.for duty to the Northern line. In this service he waa am in a toad whoso town forbade all compacts with Satan. were no bruises on the face; cannot recollect particularly till a future meeting. _ ^ The wilderness of the New World and the peculiar cus-eeantry, la th* evertasting Transit and US adjunct*.Same* the announcement of Mr. Ran Runnels of his ccn-The republics of Honduras, Salvador and Guatemala appear to he snjoymg penes and quiet.battle of Little York he distinguisbed himself as the aid olthe lamented Gen. Pike, who was killed almost by hisfirst State among the colonies to enact statute tows against corners of the mouth were drawn down; cannot recol- for the erection of a new one This*witchcraft; or, if not the first, at toast the second. lect if they were oat: cannot recollect If he discovered debate, fhmssssarsm Green arguing that taw Twentieth as we find accusations en that ground as early any bruises under either ear, except the todostattoaa and ward Is the most expensive ward in the any, and Com-should the proposal for purc'iase-bo made, but inasmuch as bar Britannic Majesty has already clearly violated that convention by late acts in Guatemala, the objection could he readily awt The difficult question to meet is. will Nicaragua sell'- Mr. lumitry can probably come nearer an answer than any one else; certainly there ris none store competent toen this honorah'e minister toiot inch a negotiation to a happy and su.'-essfu! issue.take great pleasure, an<1 avail my sen* o ' this opportu aity, to inform jour legioasof readers that Mr. Dimttry, with perhaps the exception of Solon Borland, is really the meet accomplished and able representative we ever andiathncountry. I predict forha missionthemost brilliant success. This would be great honor to him, as nil hit predecessors (Borland excepted) have made ssiaerahsB failures.Thus tor Ntaaragrm has shown no disposition to accede to Mr. Dimitry s demands on this transit affair. Indeed,, the ssjtwrnmcat seems to be to the hands of Individuals woo, Ike the Jrasaaeoe, object to commerce and com mercal intercourse. Whether the government of the United States win submit to see a Japan within a few nandrsd miles sf oar borders, and on the highwaywhen the tide was out, she wa» successfully rai^-1,and with the exception of a few broken knees was noneApril, 1778.Mrs. CROCKETT, the widow of Col. Crockett, who fell atcise all the powers and authority of tne resident Judge. Judge Nelson has designated Judge Smally to sit in this district by virtue of that act, and to nold either thecommissioned, whether on duty or not, to maintain the internal discipline of the ship in case of riot or disorder? A. It is this is more particularly required of those on duty; all, however, have to act in case their services are neceeSiiry. y . To whose care is the brig and the prison- ers therein entrusted? A. The care of the brig and thoso confined there is, according to tbe rules of the service, confined to the sergeant of marioes on duty, his corporalsin the most refined society His name ts Peter H. Fulsome, against whom were four indictments (or forging checks for small amounts on various city banks. The tamounts, as we hsve mid, were trilling, but the mode which he adopted to procure money upon them was singular He. torged a check for $83 on the City Bank. one on the Her chants' Bank for S31 19. one on the cashier of the Rank of New York for $39, and another on a different bank for $88. The names of tbe signers of the checks and those of the me'n purporting to have certitied to then- genuine ness were, on examination, proved to have been fictitious, for the tellers of the respective banks swore, en the arrest of Folsome, that the gentlemen whose names were sppended to the checks were unknown to them. Folsome was cunning enough to know that h e could n o tobtain money for the checks by presenting them at thetor*JUlinghaus and Hunt.Marine Hospital—Messrs. Purdy, Curtis, Carrigan, JilUnghaua and Hunt.Lunatic Asylum—Messrs. Verptonk, Curtis, Lowe, Cam-ming and Hunt.Castle Garden—Messrs. Purdy, Curtis and Hunt.the complaint.Court o f Common Plena. Before Hon. Judge Brady. ASSAULT AND BATTERY ON A WOMAN.MARCH T.—Bphraim Berliner and wife vs. Andrew Rep- berg.—•The female plaintiff in this case is a German and a mantilla maker, and the defendant is their landlord. Some difficulty occurred between Mrs. Berliner and the defendant, when the latter assaulted the lady. The de- fence set up was that Mrs. B. con mttted an assault on Mr. Keyberg because he desired to collect the rent, and thattag; still a number of prisoners were tried sad mnteneen to imprisonment in the penitentiary.POLISH BCBOLAB SENT TO T B E ST ATM PBJSON. Louis Barsowsky, a native of Poland, who was toiatiy in- dicted with Charles Murphy, charged with burglary a tiv\ sf terms, thai so excellent a transit routeNicaragua should have so long remained _government hare instructed theirPtentpoperty much safer than that of.our citizens. Onthe16th,theCommissionersofthePanamaRailroadCompany visited the flag ship, sad were hospitably enter-Commissioners of Emigration.The weekly meeting of the Commissioners of Emigra-MARCH1.—LouisReeteandwife et.John H.CorneU,— This was SB action for damages done the wife of plaintiff by a bull belonging to the defendant, which was drivento Central America, Mr. Wyke, who to now Inrailroad across this republic. The pro- will omnvneo at " B Bio do lea Micos 'i river), en the Atlantic, throng* (lion to Realejo, on the Pacific. The despatches the shove were brought to this from flan Joan del Norte, by offloers of thesvy (a captam and two heutenanta). Those gea- made no secret of their mission, nor of the report-er the despatch. Y our correspondent there it to the Bauu>, for the information of taeOCR A8PINWAM, C0KRK.SP0ND1NCK. ASPISwau , Feb. 30,1100.A British Steamer with Despatches for Home.The British steam corvette Alert arrived at Panamayesterday afternoon, from Realejo, Nicaragua, with des- patches from Minister Wyke for H. B M. s government. She brings no news.The CHAIXMAXannounced she following to be the stand- ing committees for the ensuing year—the yard, is very great, many of them were more or lessIntoxicated. Those who bad sense enough to keep them ant trials would be called on by the Dtotrict Attorney.selves quiet and orderly were not dtoturbed; on the con- Tbe proceedings, therefore, in thto Oourton Tuesday sad trary, those who were violent and insubordinate were Wednesday were, with one or two exceptions, snhtterestdesai tment of Rivas, informs m e that an extraordinary nation of the National Assembly wiM bo convoked before next steamer day. The transit, pnbbc debt (fareign) and hhe Meaqniso question appear to be the cause of this.Within the past month the resources of Nicaragua, in regard to the art atone metals, have atoumed a new and most interesting feature. Rich gold and silver mines have been dtoecvered near Quigalaa, in the department of CheatsIrs, distent only thren days journey from thto atom; the disc: rerer of toe mine to an ex fili beaters named Frod. Beta; he came to thto city with twenty pounds ef the ere, and says there is "tots" wherePORK THS 8FFRIMS COUKT MOB CONTEMPT.PHIADBKIAIA, March 6, I860. In the Supreme Court this aft moor the three Com- mmskmers of Allegheny county, John $ Mcluhenney, Zaccheus Patterson and Jonathan BraerT, were presentedOttttfoor Pair-Messrs. Purdy, Jillinghaus and Hunt Labor— Messrs. Lowe, Jillinghaus and Crahtreo.Asian e—Messrs. Hunt, Lowe and Curtis. Purchasing—Messrs. Purdy, Curtis and Cumming.A communication was received from the agent of thettoularly connected with t h e confined m e n than the sergeat of the marines: the matter at arms ia the chief police; the corporals are hto deputies, of whom there are two; has no particular knowledge of the character of Ser- geant Bay; seemed to he a good soldier and attentive to his duties; never beard any complaint against him except in this instance.Evidence elicited by States Attorney—Has three ser-geants on board, al) of same grade except the orderly;their duties are the same; doea not know tf Sergeant Baywss en duty the night spoken of Q. Which to the supe-rior officer, sergeant of the marines or ship's corporal?A. One is a police officer and tbe other to a marine; oneassists tbe other; does not know which should take prece-dence; ship's corporal,hethinks, receives the highestpay;witnesshadheardtbetestimonytothiscam. Hewaa then asked by the District Attorney if it was cus- Campbell for entering the dwelling bouse ef Robert R tomarytouseforce suchaswssusedonP.iUer• Witness Willets.17Rutgers Ptoce. o"tbe ******€«"«beStthoflakes goods in exchange; specie is very ithelowpries.ing obedience to the mandamus. The Judge Inquired whatdispositiontheptointifihasked, Wm.M.Meredith, on their behalf, replied that they toft tt matterersofEmigration,May61847,toJanuary1,1860,which waaplacedonfile:—toanexamination. AdrianM.Suytlamvs.JohnMeadandothers—MotionThe only trial of interest tnat took place to-day was a charge ofburglary in the first degree made against ChartesRoberts,whowasjointly indicted1withPeterJohn the Benedicts; Mas Felipa Mean, the hollo of Nan aaime, is the bait that the Doctor has swallowed.to mind the troublous times of the Revolution—and was.Chairman then introduced the Rev. 6. H. Hopkins, who read aa amusing and instructive paper on ths "History offbund on the right aids offound on the bank of hto head; if there had bean any they would hsve been pad down In the certificate, theprtoticaof in Onver the!Senor Dan Fernando Iacayo, a liberal and aJsaonJmer-the army, which he obtained, and waa forthwith ordered against supposed witches. The colonists were educated were no contusions on the toft side of the head; thereCommodore VanderhiH with the Nioaragnan government.Terms—One hundred thousand dollars cash, and one dol(f Gen. Porter, and was also severely wounded; in fact, he was wounded so often that hto fellow officers used to say ofhim,"ifabulletwaslySr anywhere,DonaldFraaerSalem, not more than half the accusers names are given. The accusations were not cammed to human beings. W e findaseriousaccountofthedignifiedtrialanddeliberateblood between the membranes; three or four ounces of blood and bloody serum; there waa nothing remarkable aboutthebrainexcept theeffusion ofblood;thsthat they did not consider this iUnue the erection of the building on the jCmastisatonsr GSSSBmovedthsrsfsrsnosofth*com- munication to the Committee on Repairs.'and that aa ap- propriation of $260 he made to enable them to procure all necessaryinformationonIhesubject.CsmmhBaoner DAVEHFOBT rlsalted to have ths ssmmuni- cation returned to Mr. McVey, with instrnettons to that officer to send all th* communication* received by him to the Board of Education. Thto motion was opposed, ea the ground that it would entail nunccastary delay on a matall supposed to hsve left for the diggings. One man, who has since returned on board this ship, gives the most glowing account of the mines, and would have staid there had he had the necessary implements, or the more neces- sary wherewithal to procure them.NEW YOBK HERALD, THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 1860.-TRIPLB SHEET.be pretended that Nicaragua has any just right by her •entraOiJ policy, and the fear of jeopardizing her sovereignty over the territory, to obstinately keep this highway forever ctoseu to the commerce and enterprise ofcivilisation.In view of the feelicg existing on this Trang.tasesden in tha country, your humble correspondent verily believes that it is "ia pdtiiqpe vageaitie of the United States to endeavor to acquire by purchase the transit territory from San Juan del Norte t~> 3an Juan delSnr, to tne Costa RKan boundary, including the Islands ofMadeira and Ometepe, and the right to navigate the wa-ters of Lake Nicaragua. Great Britain would probably her with water before she could be righted, and she had ol the province. Tde deceased died of jaralysis. He States to assign the District Judge of any other district to call Mr Cam' attention to the Ctayton Bulwer treaty to lay in that position all night. Next morning, Feb. 7, was born at Kilmarnock, Scotland, on the Into day of the district requiring the assistance, to preside and exer-aboard the vessel to answer the purpose; knew nothing of the death of Ritter until be was dead, saw tbe body be fore it was cold, the doctor of the ship and witness went to sec it together: had no gag in his mouth when witness saw him.Cross examination for defence—Ray w a s Sergeant ofhare a beneficial effect; and as the English take thto course invariably, it may account for the fast that her Majesty's subjects in tne Central American andMajor Games, Paymaster of the Army, died at Fort Smith on the 18th sit., by being thrown from a buggySuperior Court.Before Chief Justice Bosworth. DRIVING CATTLE THROUGH THE STREETS.were also injured by the cattle. For the defence it was contended that the-cattle, although purchased by, were not in the actual possession of the defendant, and werei ear Atlantic and Pacific possessions, remains toIt it in the highest degree to be regretted, to Southern republics are torn imposed upon and their pro- eight weeks previously.Ad Interesting h a w Caae.third degree, pleaded guilty to grand larceny. The indictCounty BUI*—Messrs. Curtis, Gumming and Hunt. Don Manuel Riviio, n leading Senator, from the THB ALLEGHENY (PA.) OOUNTT COMMISSIONKKH BS- Auditing—Mesen. Carrigan, JUlinghaus and Lowe.the premises of Robert Hamill, 6*0 Pearl street, and stole fifty pounds of sewing silk, worth $300. The artouoer was arrested on the spot hy officer Huggtos, ef the Sixth precinct, with the property In his ppssiasisri. The officer chased the burglars through the sstahhsh- ment, and Murphy, in order to effect bis escape, jumped from a window mto tbe street, and in so doing nearly Vatthem that they had been heard by counsel, and amount of receipts from all sources, and the whole amountCONVICTION OP A NOTOBIOCS BFWLAJ—HB 18 KENT TO THE STATE PBJSON POB PIPTEEN TEAKS.IntheHmuLOofthefirstofDecembertost,appearedatotter (Nov. 11) from your London oorreepouat'nt, men In the hands of the Court. After consulting Judge 184T awningthat"the pamphleton Nicaraguawritten byMr. Lowrie, the Osurt stated that they bad no 1848Jaanaafinnor,whohasbeenruttingCentralAmerica,powerundertheactoftheAssemblytogoany1849 220;791 318,60829 378,81734BatcheUkr —Ordered that the plaintiff, on payment of $10 costs of this motion, be at liberty to amend.The Russet A Irwin Manufacturing Co., vs. Samuel S. Armstrong and others.—Ordered that the execution asJanuary.Campbellhavingbeenarrestedforanother oftmcei ofa minor character, pleaded guflty, and waa sentenced to imprisonment in the State pi Isaa for tare* years and eight months. The evidence tgslaat Roberts was very brief, consisting of the testimony of officer Pike, who testified that on the evening of the 27th of January,and who to known to be in the interest sf the Spanish amorisaa bonaaohtatn of London, to decidedly political to Ms eharoctor, and advocates B-rttoh interference in Central American affairs. Certain s a the British gofurther in enforcement of the will, excepting by pufitahtoK these men for the offence already committed m contempt of court, which was limited to a fine. An act of the legislature, which prohibits the Court from en-1860 212,796 18A1 289,601 1862 300,992 1S63 284,945368,010 36 4tJ9,638 27 672.329 26 691,661 92 <m,802 9S369,461 39468,664 00569,516 74Lieut. Wm. Mitchell was then sworn, and testified to his having ordered Ritter to be double ironed; saw no- thing of wbat happened below In the brig.After the examination of Ijeut. Mitchell, which occu- pied but a short time, the State closed its testimony.ve? anient is looking round for a short cut foi cing an order in the ordinary manner, has struck down 1864 319,2-JSto their vent possessions m British Columbia and Austral the process of the court. A refusal to obey an in. 1S6& 136,233 366,966 24 490,189 77party.Andrew G. Grvmm v*. John H. Plait— Motion to con-tinue the injunction denied, and injunction vacated. Costs to shove the eventRoyal <f ''anjitld vs. the New York and New Haven Rail road Co. —Motion granted, and $10 costs to plaintills.Before Hon. Judge Sutherland.In the matter of the application of Charlet W. Foster —Charles S. Powel was then sworn for the defence about hair past seven o'clock, while petroling hto beat toasm." I nod the pleasure of meeting Mr. rtonor at the junction is punahnble by imprisonment until the I860142,342 188,773 78,689 79,32^3112244 31 392,270 43 191,368 64 182,666 34267,416 02 350,911 79 317,868 25 199,876 78To morrow the decision of the Justices '.t is likely will be given, sS there are but two or three witnesses more to be examined, which will take up probably but a snort time. Tne examinations yesterday were continued till late late in the evening.Coroners' Inquests.Sa.irLAK Sncm* or A MARXISD WOMAS-SHB HumsEast Broadway, he sew the prisoners looking into windows, and his suspicion waa aroused, which tod him to arrest ibem. Campbell waa searched, and the emu which he wore was subsequently identified by Mr. Willets, while tbe coat which waa found on the perron of Roberta was identiiitu as tbe property of Wm. 8. Bobbins who wss stopping at Mr Willets'. Another piece of testimony appeared against Roberto, for the officers sa searching him discovered two to»ch keys, one of which .fitted Mr. Willets' door. The jury, after debating for a few mo- menta, returned a verdict of guilty. The prisoner was then arraigned for sentence, wbea bis counsel aaored for the postponement of the sentence in order to afford *~an opportunity to move for a new trial, bat ah* an waeovetTEled, the Judge believing that to takenbadnolegalmerit HaHonoralasRoberts waa a notortoea character, h*v*ialready to tbe penttenttory. H* was m*ion the spot toTtocarosratioa to iheBtate prtoon at Sto*Stag for fifteen years and « f J ^ ^ 7 j g was placed aottoiwLate in the afkroocsi * « »{^^7aiv*nTears^don trtol for an « 0 1 e s - d ^ ^ ^ ^ ~ g ^ ^ ^ l f ! S to*ba*o^ei. ^ i t i l n - r t o l - m a r y m h e r T!£ ^^^tLfbaapT taHiTanklcrt street, end If the father s , b » J ^ i 5 S a i 1 t Dtotrict Attorney in h a ope.AUMrw«n Minuter n last jeer, with whom be apnoared to he very intimate, a n d . in fact, w a s in hto eonftdenoe »• No one surmised Mr. Pinner's bnsinesB- The antral of Mr. Wyke. and the eagerness of herMajnstr'a gowrnaaee. to obtain o grant for a mil- road across thai cjoatry, txplara hit (Finner's) business. Permit mo to say to Mr. Cans, throjgh the eetomna of theIxaain, that there's no time to be k*t-"delays are dan- nrous," "a word to the wise," A c., he.The astimtl debt (reeognvedi don to SOTS,tothreehundredthousanddollar*,a1S67 the power of the Court here, in a case which 1868parties agree to obey the order* of the Quart, butis purely criminal, to limited w a fine. The Commis-sxmers were ordered to stand up. Alter some remcrksupon the enormity of their offence, and the fbBy of theircouise to ptooag themselves at the head o f a rebellion,the court imposed open each a fine of $1,000, with thecost* of the attachment, and they were ordered into thecuttocy of the Sheriff until paid. Immediately after the passsfeofthesentenceMr.Meredithappliedforaltos Totalan Interest sf twelve nor cent per annum, mandamus. The motion was then entered, and a refusalTo came date m 1859. Increaseto worry the editor sf ths Ooosto Ofictal mt edahwml on the subject of providing for the inAf t*»t- <•#**, to fwwvoattho nrwenjNti from accomu- ash irnwtims a* weaht induce the creditor _.tocallnpoaH.M.Otaanltocollecthtofirsthe prapssss to stake the aathwrmg of salt aiof MMStateatto obey this writ if it to granted Will render the ' dants liable to another fine.MewJTorsswRailRoad*.TamrroN. March « . 18fl0.TodaytheBanerdoaandMW»«me Railroad billwas rec mmittra to the House after a cutest.TbeP.nr •ng'.on and Middlesex Railroad bill was defeated by ;*.»»»The J. L \ Railroad and Canal Company have sent to a memori*!. air»tmg that the Princeton and Trenton Bail- road hill, whiehaassad the Boose, [ to an infrioobment of their exclusive rights and a violation of the State faith.1867. 1?58. 1869. I860. InmatesonWardsIsland....1,6161,7621,076 879Tlae Weekly Cspttslstock....two diflerent Beards served hto design.The Court took the papers and reliaiw and discount*... PpecieDue from ether hanks.. Due to other bentsr> posits•».«' 2 5 'anMaaa,7M,fi00 lft,<M»,«0*Untitled DocumentUnited States IHstriet Attartaoy's Office. AiaoTHnm poBToamcs M M » .MARCS 7— WUltom Nelson, eotored, totite employ of Stephen T. Gordon,of Broadwayywas atTeStedMitaVfe of obtetoing letters from the Post Office and abstractingem%onoej>snjASjjni^* snnmo BOSTON, March % lfifiO,ForxD DUOWTKD—Tbe body of an unknown man, ap- parently aboutthirtyyearsof age,waa found floating in the water yesterday at the foot of Stanton street, East river. The remains appeared to have been in the water for tssM days, and ttfey were attired is dark clothes Coroner Jackman held an inquest, and a verdict ofTHB WAT SCHOOLHOrSBB ABE OPTMBTBOOJXB-BSTABLIfiHjrSNT OP THB SAXX.T MAL SCHOOL, ETCserved ibetr country in her hour of peril, are now drop wasadopted. It was announced that a series of gratui- election day; the examination was held ia ths Quarantine A s s«boolt>nVjeri of the Fifth ward askedDeathsIndividual*. Centenarians, die., A c .ofthtoeaseon Justices Wolfe and Garrett, wasor DiattagtiisltedMAJOR DONALD FBAZBB, CNITED STATES ARMT.K"ftt «of the government. Everybody knows that these It again becomes snr duty to announce the departure of to make arrangements for the purchase of ths Abbott Was one of ths phytoctons who hold the postThe Oommhstioneri of Education held one of tor sasstoss tost evening, at their ball toconsequently, at the time of his death, sixty nine yean oflarandtwentycents parhead foreachpassenger. Mr.Joseph N. Scott Informs bis friends, by letter, that the would be sure to catch it." He was also at the capture oi condemnation at diflerent times of two dogs. (laughter) tionextended towards the spine, and the small blCommodore is preparing steamers for the lake and river.008TA MCA.OCE PANAMA COBBWPONDrWCa.Fort George, and several other engagements. As a parti New York waa not only free from witchery, but WM sanofficerheissaidtohavehadnosuperior.Braveal anasylumofrefugeforthose accusedinother most to rashness, he mingled in the thickest of the fight, colonies. The nearest estimate wo can make of and was always at the hoed of the forlorn hope. The Mtvessels near the deep seated muscles of the spine, near thethirdorfourthvertebrawereruptured;theheart and lungs were examined; the lungs were much congest ed and the right one slightly edematous; the heart alto gether, but particularly the right verticle, was tiled withddent to related of him aa illustrating the unselfishness ohis character, that after the affair at Fort Brie, when thesurgeon approached todress a severe wound inhto ton, by pardon or reprieve. In no other country weresoPAXAXA, N. 0., Feb. 18, I860.iof the Department sf Kims) hare Oersted The Mettiuttammry Ammo* «/ Ostoaei Bkmco im Aidcf though exhausted by the loss of blood, he refused to b. small a proportion of those aacnssd of witchcraft con-.dark fluid blood; the condition of the stomach waa nor-mal,slightlycongested;theremoftheorgansofthebody tarwhichrequiredpromptaction,andttfattedtoeon wereAM far aa dtocoversd, to s healthy state. Q. What sequence.Since writing to the HERALDon the 38th ultimo, someboth rapubhea and their respective citizens; the retra ibe seven or eight officers connected with the tote revolution circle of personal friends, to whom he was long endeared. rable amount. The prisoner was accompanied by his by the strangulation; the vessels of the brain, gorged byaf Nicaragua, however, reserving its right of sovereignty It may appear strange that no arrangement was made bythe repubhc of Nicaragua concedes the right of the Post- report that neither General Cartas nor Mora had arrived grave; but we presume the omission is owing to the that •sator General of the United States to enter into contracts there (Costa Rica), although they had good reason to ex- that Major Frazer. with the modesty peculiar to hit with any todividunls or companies to transport the malls pect them by the list of last month. In the hope of their character, preferred the retirement of his own quiet circle af the United States along the said routes of eommunica- coming as promised, the revolution was commenced at to the disturbing cares of a public life, and consequently ttta, er along any other routes across the Isthmus, In Its GusjMooate. The present government forces attacked the did not mingle much with those who would have hastenedthe unfortunate position of her husband.The prisoner pleaded guilty to the charge, and was re-manded for sentence. The penalty may be as much aa ten years imprisonment.The United State* cs. George Dancer (or Dower)—The accused was second officer ol the American ship Devon- shirs, and a charged with an asaaott and battery, and cruel and unusual punishment on James Humphreys, a seaman on board that vessel. The prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was remanded for trial.The United State* vs. Charlet Winchester and Samuel Gray—The prisoners are charged with a mutiny and r e - volt on board the American bark Magdeline. Pleaded notguilty and remanded. TheUnitedState*vs.JohnW.Curtis—Theprisonerischarged with passing counterfeit coin. He pleaded guilty, and was remanded.The United Statei cs. John Smith.—Same offence. Pleaded notgullty, and was remanded.Charles Brown alias Michael Shethan.—Thc prisoner is indicted for an assault with a dangerous weapon on Frederick Botchklss, on board the bark Mayflower; Pleaded not guilty, and was remanded.blood, w ss another instance of death by strangulatkm; the congestion of the lungs and their edamatous condi- tton, to another evidence of the same; the right ventricle of the heart being filled with dark fluid blood, is one of the signs of death by strangulation; the liver of deceased waa examined, and found in a normal state there was a slight congestion of the stomach; all the other organs of the body, but those mentioned as unsound, were in a healthy condition; the mouth and nostrils of deceased were filled with blood and froth, which flowed out from them: this is also a common sign of death by strangula- tion ; has no difficulty in saving that strangulation was the immediate cause of the death of Bitter.Dr. George M. Richardson, who was associated with Dr. Waltser in the post mortem examination spoken of, waa then sworn, and corroborated in full his testimony.The next witness sworn waa Capt. David G. Farragut — Is commander of the United States steamer Brooklyn: said that the prisoner was employed in the capacity of Sergeant of Marines on board the Brooklyn; has been on board since Jan. 26, I860, the time the steamer waa put in commission; never authorised the prisoner to gag any man on boar dhto vessel; there never has been an orderto m y that at the presentdispensary necessary to the security of the State wnose alienor waters and territory thus form the communica HOCbetween different seas, the navigation of wtiieh is freeboth branches of the Legislature, and possessed at ona time a s much inlluenoe and personal popularity a s a n y man in the country. He was aptiointed Collector of therevolutionists and beat them. From all accounts thev to do honor to the illustrious memory of a brave soldierdtosrttten, to cloned bags, the contents of which may not be tor distribution within the said republic, free imposition of all taxes or duties by the of Nicaragua; bat thin liberty issot to be construed so as to permit such in irvtosaia Of companies, by virtue of thai fight, to bansport the mails, to carry ado passengers or freight.'• Nicaragua, m the treaty, concedes privileges, but does not sagage to carry out her ooncemions—which is important.I therefore earnestly request and recommend our ho- norable Senators to examine wsl! that treaty before giving shew vote for its ratification. I can also add, with conn hence, that the present government of Nicaragua care very little whether the convention is ratified or not by the United States Senate. The connexion between the Atlan- tic and Pacific oceans—the river San Juan and lake Nicaragua being the natural, and thewagon read from Virgin Bay to San Juan delSnr the artificial—across the Isthmus of Nicaraguaamy be compared to a strait. Straits are passages com-munieattog from one sea to another. If the navigation of gings at Cruces has somewhat died away, there is, never but at an early age removed to Wilmington, and made itthe two seas thus connected is free, the navigation of the theleas, a steady increase of gold seeking adventurers his borne. He very soon took an active part in the poli-•baaBeIby which they are connected ought also to be who persist in braving all hardships to reach the pre- tics of the country, was elected a member of the conven- tion that met to read and amend the constitution of thsfree, adopting, of orarse, those reg ittions which are in cious metal "long toms" have been substituted for the State, represented New Hanover lor several years inl<rss efficient washers, and are now used to greater ad vanare scattered to the four winds of heaven.The Legtototire Chambers will meet in extraordinarysessiononthe16thproximo.and a good man.OOMMODORl UKISlNrlKR, CT.3.N.commodore DAVID GESOHGKR, of the Uniied States Navy* died at his residence in Philadelphia on the 5th tnst. He was in his seventieth year , and was among the oldest off]' corn of the navy. Hia commission as Captain was dated May 34,1838. In the war of 1812 he was an active par- ticipant, and was on board the Wasp during her crutoa01 KP ANAMANA V AL C'ORKKSFOSDENCK. I'MTSD STATSB SHIP 1 .AWASTES, 1NEW GRANADA.PAHASU, Feb. 17,1800. jThe New GUd Mines at Onset*-—Desertions from the Ships on the English coast in 1814. Upon the capture of thsof the Squadron for the Diggings—Accident to B. B. M. Atalanta b j the Wasp, Mr Gelsingcr was put in com- Ship Cutjfpeo—One of Her Marines Fbund Murdered on mand of her, and to this circumstance he owed hie Ufa, Shore—Promptness tf the Kngltih to Punish the Crimi- for the Wasp was never beard of afterwards. Commo- nak—Court Martial m Board the United States Ship dore Getoinger was for many years stationed at the Naval Cyane—Sentence of Sailing Master George E. Law- Asylum in Philadelphia. His rank was seventh among Panama Railroad Commissioners Visit the Flag Ship— the Captains of the Reserved list.Health of the Squadron, dV. General LKWIS H MARSTKLUCR died at his residence iaAlthough the first excitement of the newly found d*g Wilmington, N. C., on Saturday, March 3, aged aboutof any kind to gag any one on witness' vessel; the offloershavenoauthoritytogiveanysuchorders;gaggingtooneSome of the prisoners said they were unable to employ of the usages of the service from time immemorial, when some ef which were granted when reasonable and legal.tage than had been anticipated even at first.to all nations. Under the public law of nations it cannot Several desertions have taken place in the squadron, Port of Wilmington during the second term of General Under these circumstanoes the jury were discharged. when he last saw one used, when a gag wasMr. Da Peystor, as chairman of the committee appointedThe first witness examined was Dr.worn-street,from the School Paupers of shem can be surveyed and laid out in plots without examination on George Bitter; was assisted by Dr._'. There aro plenty of surveyors who would bo another of those brave old soldiers who, having faithfully Museum of Egyptian Antiquities, read their report, which ardsonandDr Gunn; cannot recollect the date Rich PreaddeatCtortistotiteohtdr.glad to take the job payable In land.The report of Ban Runnels, Esq., United States Con-ping qu'etly tmrnj from among men.We have to day to record the death of Major Donaldtous lectures on ths subject of Egypt and its anti- quities would he delivered under the auspices of thehost house; tt was made about eighteen hoars after ths continue the renting of thsdeath of Bitter; cannot recollect ths appearance of thsbody now; witness and Dr Richardson signed the certificate colored school No. », in that ward, at the of the examination; there were contusions on the aide andsul at San Joan del Snr, will no doubt Mt forth the will make thto a varr interesting documentSociety.tad Zfcn'f Cnvr Much / « r * Bouto—Ityirti qf OK The resoirces of Nicaragua are ample, and only want m.the war of 181*, which took place on Monday, the ton ths Society several volumes containing rare and hock ofthe head; cannot my how many contusion* were on The ward officers of the Twelfth wardarmnet WUka * Pkiton into One 0rsnd arm- .2U*a*a xVsesjr O w Nimrmpsm Emm theFraxer, s distinguished officer of the United States armyMr. Richard E . Height, having donated toand Bar a Nmntral High\mmf—Tk* United Irnrtarw«Moodfrom Ian./uaadel>"«rfctoJiMM dd A r - A a Minuter Dimitry at aA Bruuh Bmtrood en Prospect—The MetqwUo Pnlecto-Major Fraxer was born in this city in April, 1781, in thema friends of Dr. Earle Flint will be glad to know that old house to William street, near the corner or Spruce— Memorial resolutions with reference to the deathsten with the wit and courage to work them. It has long- known here that the preheat government baa ma- tost, at hto residence in Brooklyn.valuable researches upon thto subject, the thanks of the side of the headj The certificate spoken of, and signedthe Society wore unanimously voted to him therefor. by the doctors at the time, waa here handed him for the whereon to erect sparpens of assisting his memory. After reading it the behasfinallyconcludedtosecedefromboehotordomsad oneofthefewrelics still standing inourcitywhichcall of Lord Macnulay were read and adopted. The examination was continued.]—ThreeanofficerhitheWarofIndependence,heappliedto1812. thecountrytowhichabeliefinwitchcraftfirstbecame tureofthespinalcolumn;madeasthoroughanexami- Thirteenthward<The Honduras Railroad Company have recommenced tide, and who had previously committed to hk>treei, we tad collected at Managua, €oi. Cnuty, represent operations. Dr. Holland, the agent of the company, care the affecting letter recorded in history which wm as 1689. In 1712 South Carolina enacted the statute bruises mentioned; ths throe bruises were on the right mtesioncr Waterbury urging the nacamity for the erectionnig an Angto-American company, said to be beaded by Mr. QMakoy and Sener Fares, looking after the toterento oftssamedorcVanierbirt,tooHon.Mr.Dimitry,pressing eaharyandforciblytheclaimsofth*JeretBody(Ameri-passed up on the tost steamer, hound for the sceneofOlTtSANJtJAW D1XgrmCORBJJSPONDENC*. Rtx JrAX on.SIR,Feb. S, 1860.of James 1., which continued in force until 1837. In side of the head, and a little shove the ear, these bruises of the proposed new school house. The subject was re to be delivered, tf be fell, to hto widow. She afterwards Massachusetts executions took place as early as 1646. in were not of a serious character—were very severe; did ferred to the Committee on Repairs.presented to Major Fraaer the identical sword which her huebandwaawieldingwhoahedied.His worth and gallantry procured him active employBusex county of that Slate, John Bradstreet was accusedandpleadedguilty;butbeingawellknownlawyerhtonot know if any of the teeth of the deceased were knocked out; If there had been any would have noticedMr. A. MeTsy mat st s sossmmtieaskm to MMBoard, en-Ccmmmivre VamkrbiU and a Xew Transit Oombmet-Wh*' ment, and wherever stationed commanding Genera*onnAtlanticandPacificShipCanalCompany,ancient) toughttoattachhimtotheirmttaarysuites.AtStem}executionsatSalemhavebeenmuchexaggerated.Trials street.InhisletterheinformedthelocalBoardsfthefront;andngentleman takingearnoftnotatareatsofallThe government ia anxious to fane ail these interest into »y,and tanasatisfyall,whichofcourse bo quite liberal and hnadaome, wore It feasible. iwellendeavortomixoilwithwaterastosorry oat thai project In plain terms It moans that Max iand h a Cabinet are only humbugging. Boar what MOW says about Transit—"Xho BivensosBeittoJVjr-thsZsyidatoraAbouttoJfast,me. CreekbewastheaidofGen.Chandler,andwaswound mora unjustandexecutions morehorriblebadbefore the brain was yvry much congested throughout, necessityforhavingadditionalbeamsplacediathtonew Mr. Dimitry has finally ooncrndod a transit contract for ed. At the memorable sortie at Fort Erie he was the ai taken place in European countries. Of 180 accused at otherwise normal hi substance, there was an effusion of building to support the floor* The local Board repliedtoms and ceremonies of Ha aboriginal inhabitants were about the bruises on the face; there was s deep indenta- communicaUon, informing the Board that the asasst build particularly adapted to the fostering of the superstitious tion from the angle of the mouth towards fhs hack of the ing in Wast Thtrty-ftfth street is entirely iiaaania to schoolployed throughout the war, sharing in many of the bat-ties fought on the Niagara frontier, and coming out oievery action covered with wounds and glory. At the belief, but did not originate it Maryland was probably the neck; the indentation was on both sides of the face; the purposes, sad asking authority to advertise forplea waa not accepted, and the accusation was declaredunsustained. (Laughter.) Theaccountsoftrialsand it;doesnotknowiftheeyeswereswollen;thewhole andthelocalBoardoftheTweaty-urStward,toreshrencetothe aggregate number of those accused is four hundred and sixty, of whom thirty two were executed, three Con- demnedL of whom w e have no account, ana four escapedwatted upon until the Injured soldiers had first receivol demned and executed. New-York, and perhaps Newthe surgical attentions they required. On pressing upon Hampshire, never passed a law in reference to witchcraft, was ths cause, in your optnion, docor, of the appearance Ooansatostoner donors motion waa than carried.Ccxomtottoner Gnamr oOared the fnlkiarto* itsnliiiaintamed to the Free Aeademy, by the Bsgeato st the Cm- veTStry, for the year I860The resolution was adoptedThe Board then took from the table the report ef the Committee, presented at the tost meeting, in favor *f the establishment of a daily normal school for females, adopted the cause providing for the establishment of the school and adjourned, pending t h e debate e a t h e other sections regarding th* constitution and tows by which the institution to to h e regulated.Court af General Sessions. ' Before Judge Russell.EMTANNELLrNO OP THE GKAND JlTtT.MARCB 6—The March term of this court w a s opened this morning, the City Judge presiding. After the Ctorkcalled the Grand Jury panel the following gentlemen were •worn to discharge the duties of the Grand Inquest —to agriculture with more rigor than toraterto. There (arras) the Transit is not looked upon sofhs only osarto of aggrandisement; far from this, therearo many who are satisfied that it would cause great injury ts their agricultural interests, because the wages of Colonel in the Costa Rksan army, on account of his brave- jeopardized by the torn of time spent upon me. Go, and the punishment of their sins might not be visited upon skier, was the congestion of ths brain; the other injuries oeive the distributive share of the LegtotoUve mad spoorM0ra—lUlaUurt,mkiru#kt(fBUi»co—Il*m)HtPauidinto Nicaragua (y Cheating a Sentinel, Sc.Col. Blanco, of Costa Rica, who was formerly to thehim the necessity of dressing his own wounds with out delay, hto generous reply to the surgeon was" No, the Uvea of wounded soldiers shall not henor ever condemned a witch. And those who had in the of these post mortem examinationsf A. The immediate other colonies been prominent among the accusers after- cause was the excess!ve congestion of the brain andtheResolved, That ths PretHlnnl and Ctork sf the Board be, and they are hereby, authorised to apply for and repolice department of this city, and afterwards made aho greatiy enhanced hi taluo." Thus, without indi tempt, about the loth of January last, to create a i evolu- vices during the war, he availed himself of an appoint Sinful and erring our fathers undoubtedly were: die in their tion in favor of hto friend Juan Rafael Morn, so as again to ment as Consul to St. Croix, where he remained two yearn, sins unrepentod of and unforgiven they would! not, theyJung any •piston on this subject, K might safely place that gentleman in the Presidential chair of his be- and returned in a measure restored. Subsequently he could not.do not return until all the soldiers have been attended to.' their children, and that the choicest of Heaven's bless laborers and article* of Qrst MIassail/ would thereby ry in fighting the Walker filibusters, made an abortive at- Hto health being much impaired by his arduous asr ings might descend upon those whom they had persecutedwould not in the opinion of witness have causedti- the congestion of the brain, to the judgment ofthe witness, was the gagging of the man: as done m thto In- stance it would hsve caused death; thto congestion of theho ami and that there a a manifest Intention on the part loved Costa Rica. But the government officials, getting was appointed secretary to the oommtonion for settling theA vote of thanks to Mr. Hopkins for his able and inte- brain to caused more readily In an intoxicated man, par-of the truant government to prsssnt all possible obsta- cles to the efoamg of the route.wind of it, pursued Col. Blanco to the frontier of Nicara- gua, where he wan detained by a guard.Keeping hie presence of mind, he told the Sergeant of the guard that he was hearer of despatches to the Nicara guan government from the President of Costa Rica. The Sergeant would not let him pass without giving him aboundaries between the United States and Great Britain, and since then has performed the duties of various offices to which ha was at different times assigned by our govern- ment In 1880, as a manifestation of the opinion enter- tained of hto private worth as a man, and gallant eondost as a soldier, a number of hto friends presented him with a sword, the presentation taking place in the Crty Hall.resting paper was unanimousry-ipassed, and a copy request- ed to be deposited in the archives, after which the So- ciety adjourned.U n i t e d S t a t e s C i r c u i t C o u r t . Before Hon, Judge Smally.ROBBERY O P T B S LAMP POST LETTS* BOXES.MARCH 7.—The United State* vs. Daniel H. Palmer.—The accused in thto case is a well dressed and floe lookingyoung man. He a charged with purloining letters fromthe boxes recently affixed to the lamp posts in this cityIt appears that Palmer was a clerk In the employ of MrJ. B Murray, the contractor for these boxes, and findinga key carelessly lying in the store, was tempted to take itticularly after concussion; the bruises of the bead may have bad some effect In modifying the congestion of the brain; by themselves they would not havebeen sufficient to cause death; does not remember if there was any bruise on the bridge of the noseCross examination for defence—Would have noticed any ether bruises on the face at the tune had there been any; did not see any but what witness has already stated he saw; if a man h a s received a blow capable of pro- ducing concussion of the brain serious enough to cause death, be becomes unconscious, not perfectly so, and unable to speak or make any voluntary motion; con euaston of tne brain may prove fatal; the sire of the bruises on the side of the head appear to have been about the aim of a twenty-five cent piece; the skin was, he believes, not broken; noticed a deep, discolored indenta-ffmaatti si sad thai progressive age demand that thishighway of nations across the isthmus of Nicaragua shouldbe spaaed, esuto eat* ceiii*. The only question to took atIB, how to this to be donef Some of year readers, and ao voucher to show his (the Sergeant's) superior, who was through the late Hon. William L. Marcy, then Governor ofthe State.Of late years Major Frazer occupied a post in the Custom House, where, through all the changes of parties and ad- ministrations, he remained until his death.He was a warm hearted man,intelligent and outspoken, and his kindness of heart, generous disposition and social qualities endeared him to a large circle of long tried friends, who will mourn hto torn.him contained monoy, and drafts and money to a conside- ever the sasas " And article lb says (in part) —" And in Costa Rica, in favor of Mora, hare arrived here. They any military company to fire a volley over the old hero's wife, a young woman, who waa very much affected bydooht some af ear Washington politicians, bestows that the Laaaar Zetodoa treaty hadaotttod the matter. They are werahy mavmkon. Article fourteen ef the treaty says — "The rofohhs of Nicaragua hereby grants to the Unitedto their clUions and property, the right of i the Atlantic s a d Pacific Oceana, throughshe territory sf that mpubho, on any route of oommunica boa, natural or artificial, whether by lander water, which stay now or hereafter exist or be constructed sneer the authority of Nicaragua, to ho used and enjoyed at the same manner, upon equal terms, byabsent. Btoncefgot off his horse nothing daunted, and, knowing the Sergeant to be a very ignorant person, wrote on n slip of paper, "COL Blanco has passed thto way, and went on to Nicaragua. Col. Blanco has since joined Juan Rafael Mora to Salvador, where it is supposed ho will make another attempt on Costa Rica,OUR SANJUAN DKLSUB 00BBB8P0NDBNCB.SAN JUAN ssx Sra, Feb. 3,1890.Dispersion of Mora's Adherents in the Revolution.Levi Apgar. Foreman, James W . Beekman, John C. Calhoun. Frederick G Otrnes, Augustus C. Downing. James I.. Dannant, George W. Fareham, Edward B. Gould, Ellie B. Harned,Hto Honor then proceededterm of the court none but the ordinary routine cases would be present* d for their consideration. There were no novel questions of law that it was necessary for the Court to expound, and all that tbe Court had to dowss to brief.) call their attention to certain special enactments which it was the duty of tne presiding Judge to charge them upon. Having enumerated tbe laws pertaining to usury, lotteries, elections and the suppression of intemperance, the Judge laid down a few rules for the guidance of the Grand Jury to the protect* non of their duties:—The roll of petit jurors was called soon after the Grand Jury repaired to their room, and the customary excuses for not serving as jurors were made to the Court under oath.Tbe next tiling in order was the hearing of motions to postpone the trial of causes specially set down by the pro secutrog officer, with the consent of the counsel for the prisoners.The funeral took place on Wednesday, from the church of St. Ann, in Brooklyn, and waa attended by many of ths surviving veterans of the last war, as well aa by a largsand commit the felony. Some of the letters taken bytion running from both corners of the mouth to theHarrison D Hunt. John Q. Jones, Edwin Meredith Mordecai L. Marsh. Jotham Peat,Robert J. Randolph, John ft. Scott, Joseph Westwards became convinced of their error, and prayed that effusion of blood; the immediate cause of the death, I conA SCARCITY OF LAWYERS.A number of applications of this nature were made,counsel. men are violent and abusive: knew nothing of the gaggingA BILL COCBTEBFBrTEB SENT TO THB STATE PBJ90N. John Donatio*, a young counterfeiter, was placed at the bar charged in four separate indictments with t h e crime of forgery in tbe second degree. He pleaded guilty to two ef the bills, which charged htm with passing, on the 11 thof January, $2 counterfeit bank bills on the Bank of Bent, with Intent to defraud Jesse Peck. He was senttwo years to the State prison on cash charge, which made h a sentence four years.Judge Smally, looking around a tolerably well filled of Ritter until after be waa dead; never knew until he fifty nix years. General Marsteller was born in Virginia, court room, saia that he bpped some gentleman would (witneesl heard it yesterday, from one of the sailors onvolunteer to defend the accused. He (the Judge), being examination, that a man had ever been gagged on board unacquainted with the New York bar, could not call on his ship; the vessels do not keep gags ready made, inany member by nameThere was no response to this appeal, andMr. Dwight remarked that, Strange as it may appear,there is not a member of the bar present except the Disolden times a pump bolt was used; if a gag is wanted, tomething suitable for the purpose is used; witness under- stands a gag to be a piece of wood or iron placed across tbe mouth to prevent the person from being abusive when drunk or disorderly; does not recollect;*"trict Attorney and ha assistantsJackson's administration, and reappointed by Mr. Van and the court adjourned to Thursday morning at teu wanted it was not difficult to find a piece of round wood one just disposed of, but the appearance of the accusedBuren. After h a retirement from that position h e w a s elected Clerk of the County Court, which office he held for a number of years, until ill health compelled hto resig- nation.0 clock.indicated that be belonged to a higher strata of society than the one just sentenced. Tbe bill counterfeiter ap peared to have considerable smartness, but it waa evi- dent that he bad not moved in a snhere favorable to men tal or moral culture; whereas the defendant now ar raigned has al! the indications oi respectability, talent,the worse for the ducking.On the 9th reports came down from Taboga that one the Alamo, says the Texas Jefftrsoman, lately died in her District or Circuit Court, with all the powers of the resi-Mathew McDonald, marine on board the Calypso, while 74th year, in john.-on county, Texas, of apoplexy. dent Judge He will now take the bench of the Clrcait and sentinels; all officers, commissioned or otherwise,on shore on leave, bad been robbed of all his money, his Mrs. MAIIA-VKV, whose husband was in the Revolution- Court, rendered vacant by the dea'.h of Judge Ingersoll, Crimean medal, and then been murdered in cold blood ary war, died at ber residence in Norfolk on the 2d uist. and will probably continue his services in this Court un- by some of the natives. Inquiries were immediately She had a pension from the government, which she bad til Judge Nekton shall be enabled to take his place, or ifon duty or Sot are required to stop all tumult or loud convereatioa on board the vessel: there are so few officers cowMiat ihsee who are not on duty, and non commission- ed ones, are more than ever required in case of aneen drawing for half a century. Stie was over one hun- any accident should compel him to leave the Circuit Court spite of all the effort* on the part of the natives to shield dred years of age, and was sufficiently active to do her 1 will take bis place, so that the business may now go onset afoot by Captain Montressor, of that ship, and indisturbance; noise and tumult on board vessels la con- banks for payment, for the tellers would ltocover the forthe guilty parties, the perpetrators of the crime were own work until within a few weeks before her death. continuously until the main portion of tt shall beAnally arrested, and taken on board the Calypso for One or two children survive her, who are themselves disposed of. It is understood that there is the ship; where there are so many persons concentratedgery at once; so he adopted the plan of visiting establish merits where fljur wss sold, ana after ordering and pay- ing for a barrel ot Hour, he would present one ef these checks in payment for the article, and would receive the balance in money. H e told hto dupes that the express- man would call for the flour, but, ot course, that indi- vidual never made hto appearance. It m not known howtrial. On searching them the gold medal of the deceas ed—the well earned rewardof braveryintheCrimean wars—was found upon them, and toey were sentenced to be hung. The authorities approved of the sentence, and both criminals are to undergo the punishment they so richly deserve.The promptness with which Captain Montressor broughtover three score and ten.The Laurensville.S. C , Herald announces the death of Or.J.NYor\»,,an eminent phrsician inthat district. He was in the sixty eighth year ST h a age.sidered as disorder, and is perversive of the discipline of a pressure of equity business in this court which in so small a space, if every one were allowed to makeThe Treasurer sent in the following statement, showing the number of aliens who arrived at the port of New York and for whom commutation money waa paid, the tirtalSupreme Court—Special Term. MAXCHti —William Morrison vt JohnM. Mackay.—Mo- This goto m wiling here at $11 W per that the Court adjudged each guilty of contempt in refus- of expenditure from the organization of the Commission- tion to vacate order denied. Defendant must submitFear.Aliens-1»,0<?2 181,176Receipt*.$198,298 10 301,90199denied. ThePeople,attherelatimofFrederickW.Lowe,M.Isaa•:answeredthatbedidnotthinkitwas.1869Totals. .. 2,56G.M6Thesnrjoteed in*w••kiystatementmadebyShe ComHJ!sti.-ner? —Emigrants arr;vc»i w> February 29. W/Order granted.George Chetttrman vs. Syhttter Van VaOcenburg—Motion Hwtstxr os nm Tor or AHocsa-'Mrs Mma Zehl, a Ger-t i.c« to March 73J5661,063..4,618 .. 4,079^9Before Hon. Judge Bonny. granted and order settled.Supreme Court.IN THE MATTER OF THE OPENING OF CHAMBERS STREET 'FROM CHATHAM STREET TO JAMBS SLIP. Before Hon. Judge Sutherland.MARCH 5 —The motion to confirm the report of the Com- nikaioners of hntimate and Assessment w a s made thtoman woman, twenty years of age, residing at No. 22 Clinton street, committed suicide on Tuesday evening under somewhat singular circumstances. It seems that she got mto a dispute with her husband, Henry Zehl, in regard to the possession of a small sum of money—about 312 in amount. Her husband is a shoemaker and she takes in washing and ironing, and both parties claimed th. 812 as their earnings Mrs. 7ehi finally toft the room, Mating tnat she was going upon tbe roof to take in the clothes, and ber husband went out of the house. Subse- quently one of the tenants went upon the roof, and wm hor- rified to heboid her warm, though tifeloas, body suspended' by a rope to the wooden frame used to d r y clothes o n .Inrnatcsin Marine Hospital...TotalOverdraft January 1,1800iB),r<t;ftte receipts to Feb. 29,18oO. .968.166 35#4,937.561 164,942,766 84.. . •...... ....$11,663 lfi RtietpisMcce t«» Mar in 7, for earn-and Assistant, Henry H. Anderson; the motion being op- posed by Judge Mbiting.John J. Leveridge and B. J. Ms- lone. One of tne points taken by opposing counsel was, that under the first naohtitoo—psssed by the Board*of Counoti- men Danember 26,1866, the Board or Alderman^AprU }*,mutaiic n of passengers, &cTwalDisbursements to Feb. 29, I860. Iajmtalt sinesto Marsh7....Tbe body was cut down, and Coroner Jackman bell an in60,927 48 1866, and approved by the Mayor April 19, 186o-4he quest A verdict of suicide by hanging was rendered by fteUJ^iLaln»teS Improper evidence, the esse haTno148,147 31274,83349BeforeHon.JudgeAllen.United States Circuit Court. ASSIGNMENT O F A N E W JUDGE.Her Britannic Majesty's snip Calypso, havingsprung aleak, left here on the 3d of February for Taboga—about nine miles from Panama— GPit, on Saturday morning, the demise of one of the old- troduced Judge Smally, of Vermont, to the members of Marines; tbe sergeant of marines is the highest non com and ability, to conduct himself in an easy, afiahto manner for repairs. She was run aground, hove down and est members of the Legislative Council, the Hon. JAMS* the bar. In doing so be said that by an act of Congress, missioned officer of marines; the duty of the marines isshored up with spare spars; hut the sand on the CROOKS, of Flamboro. The veteran pioneers of Canada to maintain the internal discipline and police of the ship.btach net being sufficiently hard, and not affording the West are rapidly passing away. Mr. Crooks was one of passed in 1862, provision a made that in those districts Q. Is it not the duty of all officers, commissioned or non-required counter hold, the shores gave way and the Ca a family coted for their energy, enterprise and intelli- where the public business shall require itj giving authoritylypso rolled heavily over. The rising tide half rilled gence, who have taken distinguished positions in all parts to the Circuit Court Judge of that portion of the UnitedWe announce with regret, says the Toronto (Canada)MARCH 6.—At the opening of the Court Judge Bctts in-requires attention, and the common law business of this CircuitwillnotbetakenupuntilthefirstofApril. Judge Smally will now take up the business pending before this Court, and will proceed with the criminal and equity busias much noise as be pleased, it would be difficult for the officerstobeheard;there is noplaceappropriatedfor confining noisy persons in this ship; some ships have a place where the noise could not be beard. Q. What areMr. ISRAXX DoxALDsccf, one of the aid warriors and ness until the first of April, and he will then take up the the duties of the ship's corporal? A. He, with the master many persons may have been swindled by thto indlviiual,at arms, confines the prisoners; tbe master-at arms ia the but these are the only cases that have been brought be fore tbe authorities. Aa the proof against Fotoome wassuperior; they are the police offloers of the ship. Q. A re convincing, he wtse'y saved the Court the trouble of a not the sergeant, and ship's corporal and master of ma- trial by pleading guilty to one of the indictments.rines empowered to use as much force as may be neces-sary for the purpose required* A. These officers most The City Judge imposed the highest sentence tbe tow use as muoh force to carry out the orders they have re- prescribed for tbe offence, which was imprisonment in th* ceived ar ia requisite; these officers have no dis- State prison, at hard labor, for four years and seven cretionary authority, although they report immediatelyafter to their superiors to use tbe gag. The OnThursdaytheCrtyJudge publicly stated that the witness stated that} they had Ibeen in New York torsome time, and that the men bad all been on liberty; and Court would be occupied during the present week m try- of her Majesty, to obtain a grant, lease or sale of territory case of serious sickness being on the daily reports. chair. severe injuries on the head. Her sister and other parties e (adlities for getting liquor through the employee In ing weeks of the term several murder and other hnport-pioneers of Kentucky and Ohio, and the first teacher of general business of the Circuitthe first school commenced in the former State, died last There being no cause ready, the Court was adjournedthese murderers to justice is highly commendable, week at the residence of his son in Red Oak, Brown o u n - to Wednesday morning at eleven o'clock. and this efficient mode of gaming redress will ty, Ohio, aged ninety three years.tained by Commodore Montgomery. trytogtobrashoffthatMosquitofromthebackThehealthofthesquadronisexcellent,notonesingletiontookplaceyesterday,PresidentVerptonckinthethroughthestreetshiMarch,1869.TheladysustainedatagalongsideofthewharfattheNavyYard,whereingtheordinaryroutineofeases,butthattoth*reman,ti'ord'j Island—Messrs. Cummmg, Carrigan, Curtis, only in transitu. The court, on this defence, dismissedin custody of the Sheriff of Allegheny county. They Commission in Albany, stating that he could not, with the he did not use any more force than was necessary to pre-were severally interrogated whether they stood by the return made by them to a writ of mandamus, re- fusing to obSy the order or the Cotrt. Bach answered that b e stood b y t h e return. Judge Lowrie Informedmeans at hto disposal, procure proper accommodations for distressed emigrants passing through that city.vent his female antagonist from scratching hto face. diet for plaintiff, SC00.V erbis life. He was injured so severely that he wss con veyed to the Hospital, where be lies in a' crtttoal condt tion. Judge Russell sentenced Barnowaky toimprtoou ment to tbe State prison forfouryears and aevea naooths586,859 19636,215 7T against Armstrong be set aside without costs to cither108 106 47 —US* i7« M » "879 morning by the Corporation Counsel (Judge Bronson)2,761 1...$49,274 32 $28,189 51. 11,19597— 39,386 48whole proceedings were void, the same being acted bythe jury months.The deceased had been marrUd only three^ ^ X ^ h u S ^ c r n r m . The details of the ESJ'itrrs story were perrectiy ahocking, and we ones Ji^ibetLrVmeh a in^sacholy spectacle wss ever wit-Beforem acourtofjustice.Irani STn a m o r TUB Bssmmrcs o r TBX GcwsBaoa-Gmn gu orCASAOA—ThsrtndiBBi sf 8b Kdmand Head, stgpencer Wood, was totally destroyedface was more ortornswollen, from the neck upwards: th* condttton of Ward School Mo. 14. to Itoaasy-ssveathback of ths neck below the ear; indentations causedconfined in the brig. In thto vessel there to no sum place,properly speaking; does not remember bow many werein confinement; heard on this trial that there had beenfifteen; supposed that number was right; all were in tordrunkenness and desertion, but ona, he believed; toNew York just before sailing there is great difficulty andtrouble on beard, owing to tbe temptations onshore;the duties of the ship's corporal are more par- ment set forth that on tbe 98th of February they cateredmlnslti• * 11ST•••ia«imml»«iliiaa *•*-*-•••^inrTVi»t^ •a»t,m. CJOSIDC OOpMtjOl twimiwpnaf^pfrfifl WaUOO PsmsnTJapU DO*wfjsaaw DialANOTHEB INTERESTING POB6BBT CASE.The next case called up was similar in its nature to tne :::::.::[:::If&iaaccv. 19,888 M!** Nrm—The North Carolina pea nnt crop is report-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069by hre on the 28thwww.fultonhistory.com 