 F/USLOIdential battle depends, are of the most en- rary panic which ensued. Affairs in that quar- \ South The meeting at which the resolutions ter rallied for a while, it is true; the alarm was were adopted was not exclusively democratic,couraging character in behalf of the Union abated; but now things begin to look dark there but consisted of ail parties. It further appearsto address to morrow his affrighted followers in this city.intrigues of tae spoils politicians in otherNorthern States, c o w turn with heavy heartsupon H«w York, their last and only hope, to9NEW YORK HERALD. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1. 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.• XJCV.New Jersey, dtc.—Th* 0aU*a Brtghten- not fail to note them. Wall street gave evi- in the Revolutionary war with England, and which be has scattered broadcast the seeos of a financial panic and a commercial revulsion,S U I T VIH—ToOsxass BAsto*. WALLACE'S THEATRE,LAOU A XEXFW* THEATRU Fmiuc ABO FAJCT—BmiM CVSSA.FEW BOWEXT THEATRE, BUoin.electoral ticket. W e can aay the same, too, again. The political condition of the country, that Breckinridge will carry the State, as in- It is our duty In this momentous crisis U stay the progress of the sectional army uoderBAJUrWV AMERICA* UOVMOM, a>i**ra«£--Day awlA)recUs*-8LAjna* TTIIS, Una* Cnuonnm. Ac.-Jaasrii and Indiana; and in consequence, too, of a pro- AJTBH a per appreciation of the great and overwhelmingStBYAF/fCr HIFSYRBIA Maiihaajf HaE, «1 Broadway. - issue involved in the election of Abraham Lin- , Ac.-DIXIE* UASD.ten per cent—Virginia sixes fell three per cent ral conviction at the South that the shock of yesterday—and in that period—but a few brief arms is at hand, that another Florence Nightin- weeks—the depreciation h a s n o t been less gale h s s already volunteered her services for than fifteen or twenty millions of dollars. the battle field.Professional men and others, who have retiredIn the jfirst place, the anti-republican forces, like those in all other Northern States, have spent the best portion of the campaign quarrelling with each other, and have permittedWTBLOf 8ALOOF. Broadway.-Hootiv * Ciaramx'a Hi*mau ur Bmoruv flom, Boatawisa, DAACSS, AO.— Bnunu I AUAI Oris*.otAjrrxutrnx mama HALL. DAJUBS 8 W I I W I M . AftTKIPLE SHEET. ••w Vsra, Tanradny, Nonmbtr 1,IfMO.Both the interesting letters o f our RichmondBaltimore, the bitter feuda thus created among ties, are selling out and investing their money correspondents give a programme of what the deavored to adapt his radical expressions the outer fortresses without opposition. Theygiven the game up. Generals Lamoriciere andhchmidtwereexpectedtobeinBorneonthe17th. structionoftheUnion. Verynaturally,too, The Pro Dictator of Naples, Pallavicml, had ten- the States immediately around us feel and.dered Lis resignation, which he subsequently with- respond to the force of this conservative re- drew. Mazzini was still there, but his presence action.was displeasing to the people. In Spain a young man attempted to assassinate the Queen, but his pistol missed fire. He h supposed to be insane.in the land, that most eventuate in wholesale ruin to them all. The ligatures that bind this country together will stand a great deal of wear and tear before they snap; but in the approach-tion at the South, and it is well that Northern North. These foretastes of the coming storm men should be made aware of what is going on have alarmed the black republican leaders for attheotherendoftheUnion. Itisasadand thesteadinessoftheirfollowers,andthepanic a disastrous condition of things, in whatever maker himself is to be brought here to endea- light we view it If there should be eeces vor to restore a sufficient degree of confidence ston in the event of Lincoln's election, it to last until after the election. H e has been will be destructive to every interest at toldthathemustmakeaconservativespeech, the North. If that contingency should not just as he was told on his return from Europe result in secession, it will undoubtedly produce after the John Brown raid, in order to save his the most calamitous effects upon ail our busi- party. We may therefore expect him to assumeleaders; how stand the rank and file? The republicans seem to be engaged at a gameofbrag,aidtheireditorswouldhaveusbelieve that everybody has become dissatisfied withfusion, and, to better themselves, had taken refuge in the republican camp. They are count- ingupfabulousmajorities,andeachappearstobe afraid that it is not large enough. On the other fca^d, the advices that we bare received do not present ao forlorn a picture, or as favor- able for the republicans, as tbey would have u sOur German democratic fellow citizens held anenthusiasticUnionmeetingattheCooperInstitute Decembertheconservativeelementsopposed last evening. The proceedings were highly inte- to the republican party were all at sea and resting, animated and patriotic. Speeches weredelivered by many leading German democrats ofJames T. Brady addressed a very enthusiasticmeeting opposite the Brooklyn City Hall, lastnight.intheinterestottheBreckinridgeandLaneparty. He said that while be advocated the Union,this sentiment was subordinate to the advocacy of which the ideas of the democratic party werethem into a path which is leading them and their country to ruin. He has stimulated their passions without cause against the people of the South. He has urged the creation of par- ties on geographical lines, against which Wash- ington raised his patriot voice in warning in his last words to bis countrymen, and now he would deceive them for a little while longer as to the revolutionary and ruinous tendency of the measures he advises. Trust me but a fewcratic candidates for Congress.The reports from the southern tier of coun-ties—although bordering on the State of Penn- sylvania, which has just rolled up an overwhelm- ing majority for the "irrepressible conflict" doc- trines of Seward—are that the republicans will lose in many localities, and in others will no more than held their own. A special correspond- ent from Rochester has sent us the republican figures for a portion of the counties put downthe national democratic party in the State of New drawn; and we may say, as a simple matter ofYork, as opposed to corruption in the manage- ment of the canals and other matters.The meeting of German tailors in Williamsburglast evening, who were in favor of the fusion ing the possibility of carrying this election; but ticket, was broken up by the republicans, who upon a single ticket throughout the Union they took possession of the hall. Speeches Were made would be even now discussing the claims of this in favor of the principles of the republican party, man and that man to a place in the new demo- and the New York employers, under whose aus-picesthemeetingwascalled,weredenouncedbythe speakers. A sketch of the proceedings will befound in Another column.But the democratic candidates, leaders and managers, from their factious dissensions and TheboardofofficersappointedbytheSecretary contentions at Washington, went down toStatesBankandtheStatebanks;butitculmi-nated in a commercial disaster, after nearlyseven }ears of financial calamities; and inas- the country when first the white race appeared lay to our charge, and when w e have power muchasthecountryistwiceaspopulousand init.andplantedtbeircivilization,basedupon then lettheSouth howl. But,menofNewon the contrary, there is a falling off. W e are alsotoldbythesamecorrespondent that not- withstanding we are within one week of the election, the floating vote is not yet attached to either party; in fact, we are informed from all sections of the State that the doubtful vote even at this late period is much larger than It was ever before known. It will thus be seen thatI thereis still a hope, forlorn though it may be, for,beI opposition to the republicans in this State.The overthrow of sectionalism is in their power if the leaders will but smoke the pipe of peace, give up tbeir personal and local squab- bles, and for work the balance of the contestas though they desired success.The recent charge of front of the radicalabolitionists must of necessity reduce the re- publican majorities in the interior of the State, and render Lincoln's defeat much easier. With this view of the field It must b e admitted that the battle on the 6th of November will be woo bythatpartywhichsecuresthedoubtfuland floating vote. The recent victory of the repub- licans in the Middle States has given them Che prestige which they believe will draw to their ranksthisclassofvotes.Theyarelikewisebet- ter orgalnzed, their fcrces more thoroughly drilled, than their opponents, which gives them the advantage in the work to be done in the next six days. With all the odds against them, the conservative party ofNew York, although itis the eleventh hour, have it within their powerof the Navy to examine and report upon the feasi-bility of converting our sailing vessels of war intosteamers, have recommended that the Pennsyl-vania. Columbus, Ohio, North Carolina, Alabama.Virginia and New York, all line-of-battle ships, bealtered into steamers of the first class. The ex- contemptible squabbles upon squatter sove- |>ense will, it is estimated, amount to $3,064,000.A meeting was held at St. George's chapel lastevening to celebrate the anniversary of the Refor-mation, and to invite contributions to the monu- the republicans were industriously spreading ment to Luther In the city of Wurma. A report of broadcast over the Northern States the HelperThe African in his native country, like thethe proceedings is given in another column.The examination in the ease of Captain Bynders, who is charged with committing an assault uponWillism Barney, Jr., was yesterday postponed by Justice Welsh to the 8th inst., all parties acquiesc- ing in the suggestion to let the case lay oyer till •iter the election.mbook and other violent and venomous elec- tioneering documents, calculated to poison the public mind concerning the horribly pictured " barbarisms of slavery" and the " revoltingenormities of the slave power."Cut up, on the other hand, and divided Intohostile cliques by treacherous and designingmarked out. It cannot stand still and live. If barian, a heathen, a caunibal. What he was his counsels.it goes to perdition, it will drag downwith it all even before the dawn of history, as traced upon INFLUENCE OF THE NEGOO VOTE ON THEThe police yesterday arrested Andrew and leaders and party journals, the conservativebecome happy and contented. But, strange to frage on dumb animals if it chooses; but it can- say, our fanatical Northern philanthropists not create a citizen as a voter, for the PresidentBamuel Roberts, keepers of a salooa cornay-trfforces in Pennsylvania, Ohio and Indiana wereMercer and Spring streets, on ja charge ot JaaViug without light, in their recent elections, as to the counterfeitmoneyintheirSAAseaaioa,wfthintent realissuebeforethem. Buthere,inNewYorkto utter the seme. On •ee«e|p| f^af'|rpidence of city, from our immediate contact with the pub- the accused $4,000 in cesatfhflillh M i s , mostly•'tens.'' on Western and UiUHtu banks, were lic sentiment and popular movements of the found,togetherwithtwopressesandtwoplates. Sontb.wecomprehendclearlywhatweare Theprisonerswerecommittedforexamination. doingandwhatwearecalledupontodo. We | At the meeting of the Commissioners of Emi- see that upon New York the whole weight ofgration yesterday a report was received on the this momentous contest is thrown; we see the aubject of booking passengers in Europe fur rail- conservative community of this city rising roadpAsaAgesintheUnitedStates.Thecommittee *nmassetosavethe ark of ourcovenant,therecommended the passage of A resolution de- constitution; and we see the good effects in the claring the system referred to Injurious to the bestdeem this mode of civilization unchristian and"thesumofallvillany." LiketheIndiansof towhomtheconstitution,asdecidedbytherThe total receipts were ,»,77G cattle, 132 cows.812 conservative than the conservatives them-Th* ImptnelBg CwTAfilet of tSte Section*— Til* 1nearest* *f CtvIllzation n« 9t**te.ruins the glorious political fabric erected by ourwceetorsv it will not pass aw*y without leaving behind itrhnwst destructive and dl.«asTfc* XmXm of l*>w Verk-Thi. Stat* WltJata **• Rant a ml an* AsifKcuubllcan*.NEW YOM^HERALD. veals, 14.RG7aheep and Iambs and 8,594 swine. selves; that he will cauBe the Fsgitire SlaveWe continue to publish our revolutionary inJ A I E I 0 O R D O I • * » » * * • buoyant and active; the sales embraced Aboat lJMa recede from *he position which be has oeoupiedj telligence from the South. One of the moat trous effects upon the interests of trade and 6th day of November.; the day on which thelb* market tor cotton jestftrdsy was soma less law to be strictly enforced, Jttd #W practicallyAND r*o**n«nm I.W0 bales, without quotahlo change la prices. Ftoor important features of what we lay before ourOnly five days intervene between this and thewas without cbsnge of importance, est with A setter for the last six or eight year*. Seward, too, OfTICB K. V . COMB* OF F0X1OW AK» MASSAC BTS. demand and more activity, especially lor shipping brands has been toned down, and is to deliver a con.commerce and manufactures, and ever p branchcitizens ot this confederacy of States will be called upon to choose a chief magistrate upoa whose aheuidera is to be placed the PresidentialofSue aadW,stern. Wheatwasttrmaadactive,with servative speechinthis city. That isallvery WiseatthePrincessAnnecountymassmeeting. •BJT5. aiAi nmmmt by mjwMwitth* at »s free tales at full prima. Corn WASactive, bat without well, but it looks too muoh Like deathbed re- The preamble and resolutions we published on<*H*m3Er. notrmtrntemtmtIMB*UIimtiuixalterationofnoatontluprices.P»rkwasrath«easier,.Withmoderatesales,atpricesgivenisanotherpise*. SugarswereheavyaadaboatJfe.lowerthantheyware At the close of la»t week; th* steak cwiprised 5T.V87pentance. ItisaltogethertooLateintheday forthatsortof thing.Tuesday,butdidnotthenknowthatMr.Wise attended on ibeoccasion,much leasthatherSfeDAIlt WMMALDWoiHit»f*r«w,ST)MTMMM. TATAWtZKLT BKSALP. m"VSntmrdam.<*«*~*t»n~ _ f* I, Mini— tM Bwmmm edition«rt Wirfmpfay,interestthananyelectionthat hastakenplace drew op these; revolutionary resolutions and tom of the commercial disturbance and embar- since th* day* of Jackson. The people from-!r«r«Wi*/a»n.«*«.tea to***•_ )•«<« portage; theof'tmch**mU.ofru hhdi.,agaiost37,541hhdsAtthesametimelastyear; A Financial Crisis Approsu-tilng-Pre-offered them to the meeting. The organization,one corner o f this widespread country t o t h e therefore, of committees of safety aad Minute suspension of the Southern trade and of North other are fully aroused, and are waiting with "7diwrfijrr coMMWOMtMiren. against 00,6*4 test year, Aad 6 5S7 meledo, against 1,S74 A storm never pours its! desolating fury with- Men has originated with Governor Wise, and it era manufactures, and in a general prostration more than usual anxiety for the decree o fa* fmmromttpmr 3*82$ boxes, agaiost 0910 last year; 1»SM hags, monitory Symptom*. _J,m*ir*mifrmmtmm*fmmrtmrof*Wworld;ifweri«WhlastyearThestockofmolassesamountedto8,134hhds.outpomepremonitorysymptomswherebythe appearsfromthestatementofacorrespondentMm%HU /or. Afcy-OSS FoMUS* CoaaasroarnKm AMI Cofu>wasarm aadsaleslimited Freights wereactiveF»*Tian-»ju.T B w c m 10 SSAJ. ALL La-mas A*O PACK toEnglishports,with afair demand for the Continent, wise may be forewarned to resist or bow before that be is pledged to stump the State in favoroftheicduttrialpurmitsofthecountry.Seward,theP*nlcMaker,CaviledtaNew Vork-A Warning to the People.Mr. Seward, after a tour in the Northwest, inthe ballotboxontheeveningofthat eventful day The hopes and happiness of nearlythirtymillionsofpeoplebangupon that decree, and the eyes of all are turned upon the Empire State, asking what will her six hundred thousand voters do on that importsnt day. The friends of the Union and the consti-HONOTICE return rtjertrd <•„... JOB PHlATJjre«<w»MM»»aM»fnrreKpofvirnrt W*donetwhilerailratesweresustained.it Suchsymptomstherearenowonthepo-ofresistanceintheeventofLincoln'selection.mmmf*.%olThe CoBMrvaur* B i f S — , tat H*W I orh.tempest, so patent that the dullest observer can-evcuimi wUkthmpntmt amd <lt-.Mo. 3(13litical horizon of an approaching financialHenry A Wise has, therefore, as fairly begunthe revolution in Virginia as did Patrick HenriTHIS EVsMIJit*.' . - THI DtAD HSASt.Our advices from the interior of the Empire dence lent week of gathering trouble in the the fact of bis taking so leading and prominent which will exceed in destructlveness everythingState, upon which the whole brunt of this Presi- sudden depreciation of stocks, and the tempo* apart is exciting great enthusiasm at the of the lied the world has ever witnessed, is tution, disappointed and defeated by the petty'.-JFUTUW Wrra So. OHdeny, is even at this moment seriously affectingThe Richmond Enquirer says that the election of Bell will b e regarded b y the revolutionary party as the signal tor -inaugurating civil warthe lead ol Lincoln sad Seward. This being therealposition ofaffairs,bowdo wefindthe people of the State prepared to answer thein reference to the conservative reaction in N ew Jersey, Rhode Island and Connec- ticut, in consequence of a proper under-standing among the people of the said States ofwhether it tends to disunion or not, no man can deed ho will probably carry the whole South.warn the people against the artful words of thedemagogue and panic maker. From Maine tothe plains of Kansas and back has be made apilgrimage during the present political cam-paign. I n t h e rural districts h e baa constantlyheld language and given ajMerance to revola election of Lincoln?these States, too, from their direct and intimate business relations, necessarily sympathize, to a great extent, with the movements of the publicsentiment o f this metropolis. Hence w e a r ethe spot, who immediately took charge of his action and activity which have signalized the Not that we prediot an immediate dissolution of distinguished patient and set the • limb. In community* of New York city since the late the Union as the consequence of the success ofFrance, the strengthening of Cherbourg and elections are operating in all the aforesaid the anti-slavery dogma, and the war upon theother points, the increase of the nary and other States. A lively hope now animates the con- institutions of the South which it boldly heralds.warlikepreparations. Thereisconsiderablebad servativesofNewTork. Theyreallyseenow Itwilltakeyearstoaccomplishthatfatality;feeling between Prance and Switzerland. The that with "a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull but, in the meantime, tw o or three years tolatter suspects the former of ulterior|unfriendly ail together," they can carry the State upon came we shall witness a financial struggle, adesigns. In Italy the Neapolitans had not yet this broad issue of the preservation or the de- series of disasters to every commercial interestwe publish in another column. in the South can be preserved only by a seve-These are alarming developements of revoln rance of the fraternal ties existing with the not be turned. Thus much for theWe claim that all this is very largely due to the enlightened, independent metropolitan press of New York. We remember, for example, that shortly before the meeting of Congress lasting condition of things, foreshadowed by the ness operations, and reduce thousands who are a very conservative aspect to-morrow, drawing present political prospect, the country will now wealthy, and millions who are making a abolitionism as mild as he possibly can. H ebelieve.of t h ehas ever been given in the metropolis. The reportsthatwenavereceivedfromthecoun- ties lying between this city and Albany, both from leading republicans and democrats, go to -hew that the Irish, the Germans, the^Ameri-knew not what to do. The NEW YORK HERALDcratic Cabinet.been for the last two hundred years in thiscountry, their numbers would now greatly ex- November, do cot believe what my opponents ceed the original number of the race inhabitingCharleston and bioke up that convention; and next went over to Baltimore, and assisted there in the suicidal game of breaking up their party and in scattering the hostile leaders and cliques among the States and the people, with theirfour times ASrich now as it was then, and has vastly larger interests to sacrifice, the conse quences will be proportiooably greater.If the anti slavery party of Mr. Lincoln shouldlabor, along the Atlantic coast They rejected labor, and in consequence their race is lost Within another century their council fires will be extinguished even on the two slopes of theYork, it is the warning voice of prudence that comes from the South, bidding you to beware of Seward and bis attempt to fasten a foreign and hostile government on a free and unwilling people. It is the premonitory mutterings ofthe thunder storm, which you may yet dissipate if you listen not to him, but which will over-reignty, intervention, a slave code for the Ter- ritories, Yancey and disunion. A ll this timeattain power, with its avowed sentiments of Rooky Mountains.hostility to the South and destruction to all itshim almost to death. Resolved to monopolize demnation of the Board, which resoliti-m was ately within the circle of our independent the royal guest, whether he liked it or not,declined from 4c. to Jc. per pooad. 'Milch cows Burn.—We notice that the black republican and then the Governor didn't come. After all perous bsyond ail r>:.'cledent, risking the veryfree: States o f Indians. Illinois and Iowa denywere quiet s a d uAcbsaged. Veal calves were plenty, And previooa^rstea were barely supported, except for prime, which were firm. Sheep aad Umas were vary pfeotysad slow of sate, though without any notict-abie decline te prices. Swine were steady, at 5|c. a 51c. for still fod,Sc. aSJc. for oonted,aad7«a.a3d. to aOaJadaatconfi-1 M JV^tAe^afBaTh w*v\mwf • UVimill*this an attempt is made to shift the responsi- existence ol our confederacy by tbeir chimeri-bility of the blunder upon the shoulders of toe cal and impracticable attempts to reverse the t'uion men, in all the States where negro sut- »LT.—In another column will be found an in-' • * • h l w l l wV a *MavV Br^maWaa^k SsWS^m •sFAS^WSFtwAA * flow MrV^pl»tost, but not one of the most creditable, Bos-Untitled Documentthe number of tn«r votes, and If. by throwing them o u t tbey oho defeat the revolutionists, l e tfrom a Rochester paper, from a member of the last Legislature, exposing t h e corruptions o f that Infamous body, which, at this stage of the•aTCsT OTW^UIJt •S Aa»W*4 sVl W afaWsasat Ft fcaawanjeMM ftfcW atftfcafaVelgUVB A V tv•wJIllVIJ Ulda ta Jwho cannot, for obvious reasons, re-mWrUmmhm%\laws e f nature and the principles of human it where It belongs. This is one of the civilisation.that rJ«iw*iw if elected, will be moreBut if. notwithstanding Lincoln s election, the Bhouid blow brer vUnoat laying irjaa»a«BBBia*aw^BBBwa^arev^^aMa;aaap .i^^pwri^ma^^^Bajv * a w w^BF>W• •¥ i wthem do so. ,jJ | ^ _ _ _our monetary and commercial interests.Since the Pennsylvania election stocks and securitiesquestion?What i s being done t o prevent t h ethe demoralizations and side issues which car-ried the recent elections in Pennsylvania, Ohio of almost ail kinds have declined from two to from the outset in Virginia.'' Such is the gene-coln as our next Presidenttionary ideas which be has sedulously refrainedfrom expressing on the floor of the Senate atWashington, and which he has always with-held from the audiences of the larger cities.During the recent pilgrimage he has en- the common enemy to take possession of all ofThe disruption o f t h e democratic party a t—Soaes, the various cliques of the party, operated to set in something else, so much incertitude is there Southern States intend to do. The writer ex to the prevailing tone of the commu-question—the Union o r t h e Union—and t h eStates from t h ethe dissolutionresults are before us in the recent astoundingmain o ftheir material interests, tbeir liberty, the sove-• •w ForkThemailiUsaaishipAxial,CAjK.Wlnon,wiUtear*th*republicanvictories. Butthesensationpro- keepers,notaloneofthiscity,butofevery long,areallinvolvediutheconflictbetweenportto-day,atnoon,forAsjriawaJL. TAanailsforGaliforaiaaixJoifterpvil«fth*FAflMAHcralrt—CaUlfornlaBut we would say to the merchants and store- ducedintheSouthbytheseunexpectedrepub- townandvillageintheStateandinNewEng- thesectionsBill (torn M aw A'eioos this noralag•lican majorities, and the preparations going onland,NewJerseyandPennsylvania,thatthereThe John Brown raid, Helper's book, the ma-iMUiitagth*latesttatoUigaaoafromailpaxUATth*sion,areproducingawholesomereactionin isnonecessitywhypanicshouldtakeposses- dorsementoftheirrjevolutionarydoctrinesbytheWwrtd,withaBUS*faaatttysfbMAiMat••Miliumxat theNorth. Withanothermonthoftimetogo sionoftheirhouseholdsorBleepceasetovisit NorthernStatesinthelateelections,haverousedBnUbar,wina*nahtWhulatm\mmo'clockhiU»moralmf.upon,evenPennsylvaniamightberecovered; theireyes. ThefailureofLee&Co.inBalti- theSouthintoanattitudethatmaywellalarmpealedtothefilibusterspiritofthepeople,and leavingtheelectoraltickettotakecareofit-atAtchisonhecrownedhisefforts withthede- self,whilsttheDouglasandBreckinridgeStateclarationthatallracesandallmeninthis CentralCommitteeshavemoreconcernabout country must have both bullets and ballots, or who shall be a ward leader and who labelledStflfla sanies, at wrappers, r*adrtorBBsufag, «lz east*at* will p\mm MB* hi ahetr araara aa aariy a* pos- but as it is, there is a hope that the result ofmore, or the depreciation of stocks in Wall street, may not affect them very seriously; butall prudent Northern men. They will not sub-Stifo.The points of the additional news ahe brings are:— within a radius comprehending this State, New ja England, the return of the Queen froni the Conti- Jersey, Connecticut a n d Rhode Island. A l lcone mast have them.It is these defiant outgivings of Mr. Seward, these unblushing foreshadowlngs of the deadly policy that is to animate a black republican ad- ministration if Lincoln is elected, that have alarmed the South, roused it to the conviction that the time has come when it must arm in self- defence,andgiven to New York some fitfulregular than they have for the defeat of Lin- coln. This leaves us only the Cooper Institute Committee of Fifteen—composed of politicians, merchants, bankers and lawyers—to look after the most important part of the canvass, and upon their shoulders seems to rest the entire re- sponsibility of the Presidenti*! struggle in this State. Fromallappearances theyareatwork like men determined to conquer; but we fear that they did not assume the control of the conservative army until the republicans had made such progress that the tide can-The Hews.The steamship Fulton, Capt Wotton, from Harrethe great day of November may be a saving triumph to the Union and the constitution.mit to the election and inauguration of Liucolu we would say to them, furthermore, that, as by a sectional vote, and on a sestional issue,surely as Lincoln is elected by the vote of theand Southampton, arrired at this port last erening. press of New Tork operates instantaneously Northern States alone, so surely will the most and interfering with the system of labor whichnent, and the death of Sheridan Kaowlea. thewell known dramatic writer. The Count of Paris,grandson of King Louis Philippe, met with a severeaccident, while hunting, near Claremoat. He wasthrown from his horse, and broke one of the bonesof his right leg. Fortunately a doctor was on not surprised to learn that the conservative re-are beginning to discuss freely the benefits andadvantages of a dissolution of partnership, andthesettingupontheirownaccountinaSouthernconfederacy. How they would be able to gushes of the tempest of ruin that maintain themselves and prosper is shown by will howl through the land when it an able writer of North Carolina, whose letter shall become known that honor and lifeThe conservative independent metropolitanstriking at the foundation of their social fabric.from business and who hold stocks and securi-nity be might be addressing. A t Boston hegloried in belonging to the "Massachusettsschool," which had produced an Adams, a Gar-rison and a Phillips; a t Detroit h e intimatedthat it was time to throw overboard the sooth-ing processes which bad characterized the laborsof the founders pf our political system,and those of the second generation of our the Albany Regency are so absorbed over the statesmen, the expounders; at Lansing be threw local squabbles that they have no time to look offalldisguiseandproclaimedhisintentionto afterPresidentialmatters. Thewiseheads makewarfor"thedecreaseanddiminutionofjof Tammany and Moztrt Halls aredi-slaveryinalltheStajtee;"atStPaulbesang rectingtheirtalentsandenergyuponthe law Maw TOMB ffavu OSWALD—California esttloa— in that quarter for the last extremity of seces- is no immediate cause of alarm in all this. There nifestos of the republican leaders, and tbe en paeans over the triumph of abolitionism, and ap- Congressional, city and Assembly candidates,them to the work of devouring each other in about the future interests of the country. poses theflippant[ignorance of Northern jour-At the same protective tariff bills and their free farms to actual settlers, andtheirhueandcry of free soil,freespeech and free men, diverted the public mind in saidnals, who understand nothing of toe real tone In addition to these manifestations of a and temper of the Southern mind. If it werePennsylvania, Ohio and Indiana.time t h erepublicans, withtheircoming storm, we have now intelligence of thefailure of the old, respectable banking house ofLee & Co., in Baltimore, and rumors of the sus-pension of another banker, besides Intimations are always sincere. Their social institutions, of the breaking up of more which are to follow.The opposi-terrible financial revulsion come upon us that tbey deem best for their soil and climate. Theythe country ever witnessed. It will not probably fall suddenly like a thunder clap, but will grow from faint mutterings to overwhelming fury— steadily and slowly working out its way like the laws o f nature—but all the more sure and disastrous that i t i s s o slow and progressive.inevitably have to pass through some terrible throes that may not leave a single interest,decent living, to ruin and pauperism.Now the question is, what has the North toEverything in this city indicates one largest anti republican majorities thatwill be afraid to utter here the sentiments that he expressed at Lansing and Atchison, and we throughoutthelengthandbreadthoftheland, gainbyacoursewhichisdrivingtheSouthto shallthereforeseeapoliticalwolfinsheep's unrhaken. the wall, even if the Southern States should clothing. The man who claimed to be a Hart- We speak gravely, but not without founda- quietly submit to spoliation? Not enriching ford Convention traitor at Boston, a moderate New York and other places. The hall was crowd- came to their aid, and, in its expositions of the tion or precedent The signs with which the themselves, they would make the South poor anti slavery man at Detroit, a radical aboli-ed to excess, and a supplementary meeting was infamous revolutionary Helper book and its re- times are portentous now preceded the finan- indeed. They would reduce it to barbarism, tionist at Lansing, a filibuster at S t Paul, and cans, the Douglas and Breckinridge followers,cialrevulsionof1837.Foryearsbeforeandmakeitaburthenonthecountryinsteadthe"BrotherSeward*'ofJohnBrownin willall'goitbliud"fortheUnionelectoral thatdisasterbefellustheomenswereofthesourceofitswealth.ThefirstevidenoeKansas,willnothesitatetoclaimtobeagoodticket.Leadingrepublicansfromthatsectionheldoutrideofthebuilding,atwhichthesupport-publicanendorsersandsubscribers,gavethe ersoftheUnioncauseshowedtheirappreciationantirepublicanstheissueuponwhichtheyvery of this important movement for the welfare of the nearly secured the organization of the House, whole country.present, in continual failures and temporary of civilization among a people or race is labor.settlements, contractions and expansions, until No progress has ever been made in humanizingthe tension upon our commercial system be' and refining a race, white or black, until came too much for it, and the whole fabric manual labor has been recognized as a necessi-broke up; and so it was in the revulsion of 1819 ty of civilization and the great agency of huand '20, and even in that exrtaordinary panic man progress. The North American Indians, of 1857. once the sole possessors of this vast continent,loot their title to it simply because they soughtThe shock which threatens now promises to to sustain themselves without labor. Theybe more severe than any which preceded it. could not be Induced to take the first step to- The panic of 1857, after alb affected only cer- wards civilized lite. Hence the racetain local interests, Western railroads princi- is fast disappearing from the con- pally. The panic of 18S7 like the one now tinent Could the red race have been threatening, was a political one in its origin, made to labor as the black race have commencing in a contest between the Unitedconservative, Union-loving patriot in New assure m that they consider the Congressional York. districts along the Hudson, now represented by Against these wiles of the demagogue we republicans, doubtful, and that the Union elec-warn the people ot New York. H e has led toral ticket is much stronger than the demo-and would have secured it, but for the disgust ing blackguardism and stupidity of a few fussy fire eaters. Senator Wilson, in reference to this matter, spoke of the HERALD as the source fromtruth, that had the democracy followed our ideas at Charleston or at Baltimore, they would not now, with two tickets in the field, be debat-readers to-day Is the part taken by Governorof business at th e North.ginningtofeel theseeffects. It will be seenfrom our news that the Southern banks are re- mantle ad the 4th of qsit March. The result fusingtotransact;exchangeewiththeNorth. ofthatdkyislockedforwardtowithmorapoliticians who were engaged in the contest the case would be) different; but it is the peo- ple who are embarked in the struggle, and theyreign rights of the States to which tbey be-institutions and interests/it must either g o toperdition or it must go ahead in the path it has Indian in this, ignores labor. He remains a btr- whelm you and all of us if you give heed tothe commercial interests of (tee North, and arrest the prosperity of the whol| country; If it goes ahead according to its programme, it will break up the confederacy. This is the alternative, and it is a fearful one—all the more grave, too, when we remember that the issue is to be de- cided tor good or evil within a week from now.the ancient monuments of Egypt, he is to this day, and will continue to the end of time—the same savage, unless compelled to labor Four millions of the race in the United States are being civilized by being compelled to labor. Their progress has been rapid, and they havePRESIDENTIAL CONTEST.—The Supreme Court of the United States having decided that the con- stitution does not recognise negroes as citizens, it is clear that they cannot legally vote for President and Vice President of the United States. A State may confer the right of suf-GOVERNOR WALES.—Wehavealreadyalludedwithsome particularity to the attempt of the Boston com- mittee to slight the Governor of Massachusetts ontheoccasionoftheballgivenInhonorof the PrinceofWales. Wedidnot,however, get at the root of the whole matter. It appears that the Prince took a great fancy to Governoror other federal officers, from a class of peopleBANKSAND THKPRINCEOFInterestsof the emigrant And deserving of the con- interior of this Stats and in the States immedi-adopted, CommisBioiieT Jellinghaas alone dissent conservative metropolitan press. The popular Paige & Co. smuggled him off to the supper this, tbey would, at the same time, reduce the will probably depart from the practice of the ture follow the triumph of the revolutionary re-lag. Theweeklystatementshowsthenumbero Unionreactionthuscreatediswonderful,and roomwithoutnotifyingtheGovernor. As countryfromafirstratetoafourthratePower, emigrants Arrived during the past week to have is so encouraging as to lead us to hope, like soon as the Prince reached the table, as the and make her so poor that none would do been1,306;numberofinmate*lainstitutions,773; Garibaldi,thatthebattle,whichtansfarhas storygoes,heinquiredforGovernorBanks.. nerreverence,andthewhiteracewouldlearn amount received to Qetober 31, *5,17i-leavmggovernmentandgivepassportstofreenegroes, and claim that he had a right to employ the army and navy to protect them in foreigncountries, should they fall intoand |thus violate the spirit o f the constitution. and run the risk of involving the country in apublican candidate. Let them nuke a decisive and energetic effort and the Presidential prize can yet be carried off by them. The republicans are confident proud and defiant: bnt the starch canbethoroughlytakenoutofthemiftheother side wiU use the loose material within their reach.a bAiance of $15,501 in the hands of the banker. Beetcattle ware doll yesterday, andlaconse- quence of a large increase in the receipts pricesby and and unavailing experience what they bad lost and could never recover. T o sucba n ytrouble,been to all appearance lost, Is really a battle won.Then and there only did the fact that the ChiefMagistrate of the Commonwealth was presentdawn upon the benighted intellects of the mad experiments do Northern fanatics pro-Tai BUCK beniucut G«m.\o FUHIHT- F.F.Ms. ThentheysentfortheGovernor, posetosubjecttb*jinternetsofacountrypros- waraboutafreenegro,whomthelawsofthethe forest, they look upon labor as the worstspecies of slavery and oppression, and theySupreme Court, has denied citizenship.It is said that the free negroes in Ohio, at thewould have the negroes become savagesof thedesert again, as they did in lateelection,castabout15,000votes,andthatthe British West Indian Islands, and as the vote ofthesame class inNewYorkwillthe ted race have been and still are on this probably range from 5.000 to 10.000.continent Nor is this all: it would cost mil- Should the vote in any State necessary to Banks, and was not over and above astonished lions annually to keep them in subjection by Lincoln's election be so close as to depriveby the Mutual Admiration, Atlantic Monthly forof andarms, as it hasdone to awe the him of it bythrowingout thenegrovote,heand F. F . M. clique, which undoubtedly boredIndians.could not constitutionally be sworn in as Presi-Thisisonlythebeginnicgoftheend,asymp-rassmentwhicharetofollow,resultinginaAlready we ate be-days,givemeyoursweetbreathonthe6thof asthestrongholdsofthatparty,buttheydo not preseat any material change in their favor;dent of the United States, though nominallyWhite the philanthropists accomplished all chosen by it.-,,.If Mr. Lincoln is elected,he cial and commercial interests that must by na-citizenship and drive beyond tbeir limiw. L eti i*e prevails watch the polls and ascertain teresting nod curious letter, Which we takewere marching upon the citadel, when the con- servative masses of this city took the matter in their bands, and appointed a Committee of Fif- teen, who have succeeded in bringing orderout of the chaos and confusion.tion to sectionalism it n o w centred upon o n e electoral ticket; yet we find but one orgaaiza- tton working for its success. The managers ofto prevent the widespread calamity to our finan-THE STANDARJ PRICE OF A MEVFER OF ASSEM• Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 