 ' >:AND HOTKLiU Weinvitea}lwhoareinwantofChandeliers,Brackets,be.,CONNECTICUT holds her State Election on Mon-day,RHODEISLANDonWednesdaynext; andthePeople are nearly ready. The vote in either State " brought desolation and revolution upon the will be larger even than that cast for President in185C,whichwas thelargesteitherStatehaseverDelegate*.Honiy Smith, O. H . Kopp,SxCOJfD Jamea Kelly,•To listen to the arguments of the Pro-Slavery ora-.BECKERS' FARINA JELL Y , a delicious dessert, Treasury with deliberate intent to force thereby the tors and journalists, one would imagine New-En- own institutions, to push her arms Southward, andAndrew WHhnann, J. F. Seymour, John A. Kennedy. lUchaxd H. Woods.SBVKWTH ASSBXBLYDISTRICT.I .•i •'That these attempts generally miscar-**•'4[• 'BOYS' SILVER WATCHES,For Sale by Gzo. C. AIXXN, No. 416 BXOADWAT,One door below Canal st. Foimerly No. 11 Wall-it.SPALDING'SPREPARED GLUE.because he conscientiously believes that Congress hasno righttocompelhimto testify. Heknows nothingthathewishestowithhold—probablyknows••v**.'-- r -•istand at the head of the trade. The assortment of Ladies' Braid Half Wigs,Frcnta,itc,isnowcomplete. WholesaleandRe- tail, and the DYZprivately applied, at No. 6 Aator House.John H.Brady.SIXTH ASSK-VBLT DISTRICT.«:•iWILDER'S P A TENTSAXAMANDXR SAXES.- O.CIBX BXOT.HXXS,No. 98 Maiden-lane, N. Y . Also, ten aeeoxd-band Sale* yox n a LOW.•••inbothHousesofParliamentofthereceptionofathe Senate, or even endanger some part oftheB#&itt*s* Notues. t;IMSNo. 513 Broadway, *SC Noholaa HoteL SJomr.«, GENTN,ToHIB ttu»jn>sa?n>TB*PTC»X.IC,GXR*TTS«»:With *«e»fi«* wt depressed by recent embarrassment and dit-SPECIAL NOTJCB.•-: \ 'im, ^ ";'\.$v&#^2Ss-,#;w+nm**m •^eo^ Sbm~§kKi&h *•* ^mfmbersHp in the m ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ J T ^ ' %^^^i^'^M-^W^'- ^<ttkely bow much tfce present Adxmatoafciis this city offered to Mo the work for $4,000 lew twice the population and required many times the* at Washington has to d i with this plan—wfcetW tbanMerrick&Sonsaskedandobtained. Many amountandvalueofwares andfabrics nowcon- Itwiflpermitittomature raquestioried^waetsWlishment wmch, however unfortunate pecuttnr eireumsUncss rb»«renderedittome.hasbeenagre\tconveniencetothe ,11c—1» deSni r\y closed; and altboagh the necessary aban-.donnsrn*ofanundertakingwhichIhopedtomakepenn\nently vcombined awortment form, a stock of dashing,eleganUy^utiandmirately-priced Clothing, which all classes of the publicISTavy-YardandCustom-Houseutterlyprostituted tiontobuyandtheirpowertoconsumearebased dertogetitJoarowifnossiWe,wereintendedtss v t > b e e n j r a c t k . l y o c r . r v - « « r » a a n n d t f v o a r r n i e t r y ^ w h I i c J h WS t h « a s n » « r o e u n g »piWxxxnY TRIBUNE is the best and cheapest advertisingattained in this country T shall have n©right w anticipate an asr•gaxda<?on>pieb«n«lv«rc«js»*,wWTTM 2 ii „.£1I?fAithisextraordinary share of j*-u«ral patronage. •Alimitednumberofadvertisements areinserted for $1per line, each insertion.JohnCrimminswasexecutedformurder,atthe Tombsyesterday.. . > — . — ;A destructive fire ocourred a t Independence, Mo., onThursdaynight,theloss bywhich isesti- mated at $100,000.•—-——*>OfmvowJexi^rietc;-norepntatloointhebeoMMStowbic I now return, w«h a rewl^Hon to throw into it all the zeal an eoeray 1 possess, and to which m y e x t a n t pers >nal »"*ntio wiUWcoWoiward be given. 1 say nothing. Whrtever o f thes I may bsve scqnired in former oays must be vindicated now, o ortbevaremer?(>eads<ock-AHatStorethatwonldb«*"all thino*toallm«n"isa"con- «ommatian devoutly to be wished,** and nowhere would thecon- T-nieDce of so<h a aniver»sl source of supply be more thoroughlyappreciated than in ibeoommercia) capital of the Union, in whichare congregated people of all nationa and pursuita, and in which , ib» di »<*ncty of taates and of needs is greater than in any other cityintheworli. Itisintendedtbatthisstoreshallbe tucha* ^aW,ym<»/; that it shall be a great ft*yxB*K!»TATivx' HAT STORT. stocked with Rats for all oiasaea, all ages, all pursuiU, and With resources capable of fum*sbing all heads with appro- priateandbecoatisgcoveiinz*,sui'«dtoeveryexigencyofousi- noea, every demand of fashion, every climate and season, andcessionslongandwell lighted.Monday within five hundred votes of aU who could about under similar pretences, and by similar«.?erypoise;aa.forexampla: Hataforwalkmg,riding,driving;THEC H B A P X B T andLAROMSTEICOXAVINQ,XVXXPOBI,WB:«D for $ LIn any event, we doubt if the "K. G.C." and any abuses in connection with the public buildings and cities and more populous towns—Hartford, New- and November, and after that time, we trust, there"•-[Bfa V D A Y - S C H O O X . L I B S I S T . THX W A T T O RAI8B O N K .We propose to sell oor beautiful Engraving of Christ 'and his Apostles to Sunday-Schools at a discount, M u t o enable them loreselltliemattherogularretailprice;andwehavealready foundthat,inaschoolofafewscholars, sufficient copies have been .•oli, from tk« profit* of whioh ha* been raised a ;large library of books.$4 at will insure six Pictures, postage free.In offering this work of art at $X we are convinced that it is within the ieach of every Minister of the GoapeLTwelve cents required to prepay. AddressDAYTON it Co., American and European Engraving Warehouse,No.37Park-row,New-York-SINGER'S SEWING-MACHINES.Committee shall inquire into.and ascertain the .amount so used in Pennsylvania or any other State or States; in what districts it was expended,andbywhom, andby whose authority itwas done, and from, what source, the money wss derived, and report thenameB of the par ties implicated; aud for the purpose afore- said, said Commiitete shall have power to send for persons and papeia, and to report at any time.—Could anything bemore direct andspecific than this 1 M r. Covode proposes that the House shall inquire whether money, patronage or other improper means, has been used by the President orNew-Milford, etc.—will all be desperately contested, and their last vote brought out. W e only fear tbat the completeness of the Republican victory may be marred by a failure to bring out the full vote of thoHata dul\ face* MKk alive in;Hata for youtha. li^ht, «iry, dashing; lisit for men of U*t<> and fashion;HatsfoTfeaturesbrightandjolly; Hats for faces melaschory;Hats for figures broad a»d burly; Hata for atraight hair or for curly; Ha»s for traveiln?, shooting, sailing; Hatsrain-proofinstormsunfailing;Hats for Spriag, twelve styles together; Hata for erery kind of weather;Hataof silk, felt, • raw and beaver; Hats that almott wear foTever;Hata for spa's and watering plaoee; Hatsof»tyleatowearatraces; Hatawith whicharoomtoe«t»r; Hats for scores of wild adveotuie; Hats of many shape* uncommon; Hats admired by everj woman;{lata to s£and all kinds of mauling; Hata.disUnct for every calling;HatalUbt pliable, and elastic;HaU less ftexibl* and ptarfie;Hat* of quiet »tyle« 'or pastors; ' ,. . Hataround-crowned—yourfcwoietnycastor*jHate to suit each race and nation; Hats unmatched for ventilatlcn; Hatafaryoungmen andforchildrea;Hats of bet>n»y quite bewild»»ring; Hata that bov s and miaaes sigh for; Huts,infact,thatbabu>sc.yfor; Hatsforsoldiem,hatsforsailors;Hats that grace the work of tailors; HatsatTK'RBI, rotntandrivsdollars; Vit for gentlemen and scholars.other Post-Offices, and at tbe Philadelphia and other Navy Yards, other public work, cf the United States.Xtwouldbeeasyenoughtocontinnethelistthroughacol-umn, but a longer catalogue seem* unnecessary. The public willhavean opportunityof seeingandjudging for tnem<««lveewhethermy ideaof a OXXATMXTKOPOUTAX HAT STOXX, comprehending ~~~~ GROYER A BAKER'S NOISELESSthat is needed to insure a signal Republican tri- these speculators rush to Albany forthwith, and,in its deaign appropriate head-coverings for all axes, ail trades and professions, all nationalities, and suitable for all localities and ail sporU, receaiicna and amosem«nts; realizes their notions of convenience and ut-li*y, and is ea'oolated to meet the popular approval. To me it seems i hat such an eitablinhment must suc- ce«d. Abso-uteperfectionisnot,howevertobeexpectedattheont*«t;t»a*.astimeroilsonsndmyplansa^edevelopedand oarriedinto effect, 1think the whole ground I have laid out will be fully covered. , , , .„A succession of novelties in every department of hatting will be one of the characteristics of the eatabtishmezt. >. •FAMTLY Sxwrao-MAoxnrxa.. Txx Bx8T INUsx.No. 495 Broadway, New-York. No. 182 Fnlton-st., Brooklyn.SINGER'SSEWING-MACHINES.through Mr. McLeod Murphy, endeavor to get the act of 1858 amended, so as to erect a building in Madison Square large enough to accommodatetion, very rapid, and capable of every kind of work. InC-UUlu-a'*lrlainandFa^.cyHivs,Boys»CapsandHats, beatmachineeverproduced. Priceonly$110.peachment!But the House cannot impeach with-Traveiipgaafl SnortingCapsandSoft 9ats, the assortments for every season'will embrace a srt-af^t variety of styles than has everyet been st:empted in tt>is branch of the businessprobable grounds of impeachment; and how is this andthe Komagnamay begovernedbyaVicarac- knowledgetobeobtainedbutby inquiryandinves-A Gentleman's Kurnisbimr Department wiU *lso form i&o convenience* o f the esta.blL>hrient.o n eo fTheIn onJ« r to accommodate all classes and purees,, the leading style*of Silk Hats for every season wiT be manufactured of three qualities, and offered at three prices—viz.:THhRS DOI.LAX-*. FOCK DOI.LARX, i.VD TlVK DOLULH.^. Warring(hither detail*fot the present and anxious th*tmytigation 1 The Presideat's Extraordinary MessageTJaxrcx nr XVXXY HOCSX.FOX &AI.X EVXKTWBXXX.Kssssthotaoed by H . C 8TAJJ>VR» k. Co., No, *8 Cedar-«a.Peat-Office addreea. Box No. i 600.~^ BARRY'S TRICOPHEROUSIs the beat and cbeapent article for Dressing. Beautifying. Cleansing, Curling, Preserving, and Res.oring the Hair.Ladle*, try It. For sale by > Druggists and Perfumers.DK. MARSH consume* to apply hi» RADICALCimxTxu«*withsnocess,ineffectingpermanentcuresofHer- nia or Roptore. Ladies waited npon by a female in private xooma. Also, Txcsaxa of every kind for permanent re- tention of Rupture, Bathing Truaaea, Supporter., Shoulder* Bxicea, Suspenaory Bandages. Silk Elastic Stockings, Knee-Cap., Anklets, and all snr-dcal appliancos scientifically aoplied. by JIAXXM a Co.,No. 2 Veaey-at., (opposite OUPaul'sChurch)N 7-* IRON IN T H E BLOOD., DT»r>KF9lA, SCKOITLA, GxNXXAL DXBIIITY, NKRVOP* A.T-yxcrioNS..Tko PXXUVIAX SYXCP, or Protected Solution of Protoxide ofIroncombined,soldwholesaleandretailbytheProprietors,N. L . CUIXK it Co., No.-43U Broadway,and by sll Druggists.A f aropblat, on the importance of iron in the blood, had enappUcaticn. *HUSBAND'S CALCINED MAGNESIAI* free from unpleasant taste, and three time, the strength of the eounnon Calcined Magnesia.so he is locked up in prison. John Brown,•ei-tery,lUxtnoss.vertigo,palpitationoftheheart,generaldo- bility.lie. GetridofIt,then,atonce,byg*ingthroughacourse of HoyrxTTxx.'H SroxAcn BiTTXxa, a psJatable snd retreahiug-prepantioo, which aa surely relieve* all complaints of the stomachand it*dependencies a*thesunshine melt* the snow. Aoounteofthemedicinemay notparbas. benocOMary.Onebottle frequently accompristas a complete cure. SoldbyDruggLtt.everywhere.HOLLOWAY'S PILLS AND OINTMENT.—The ver- nal wind, are txtremcly trying on the skin and constitution. Vertcn* with weak longs arepeculiarly sensitiveduringtht. •oasen. By naiag these remedies a decided improvement lagoon •Upiayel in the gsmeral .ystern^EBEUMA TJSM and NEURALGIA.J. R. STATVOXX.'. Ouvx TAX,AVD IXON AND S r i r a r x POWDNBS-^ o n c e reHoroand finally etteet a otrre of these truly painful <**•»' *0;* simely applicationof theOlira Tarto"thepart.•«*cted. and by a strict adherence to the direc i o n . contained in tbePowaWs. Tb* Powders poitfyandvevitaUxethe blood, en-Alot»fSecond-handGasFixturesforsole,atagreatbargain.5 madetowarduniversalcorruption. W.J.F.DAILBYitCo.,'•country." Thereisagooddealmoreofthesamesortandr 1 a4 ditfc3-^ll^t*ii^??«* -». **^O"**tb«syatemthovitalityW«t*dbyJheOliv* Tar Too, ^ diuMJ MdM ^ ^ ^ FIRE-PROGF SAFES.;moreimperiouslybiddentodothewillofSouth province, reestablish Slavery, openittoanemi-E.HarrisonRead, Daniel E. Ga^it,DanielHonmap, William \ \ eUmgtoo.feWI!S»? Kthemedicine,andthepatienti»restoredto *&*•* Powders, $ 1 i^r package.awardingthecontratcotsforthomachineryofthesloopnowbuUd Carolinathanshehasbeen. Efforts toinducethe ing at the Navy-Yard at this time, and if it can be done withoutaZ^J**TM^??*-*"Bold at No. 815 Broadway, and ball Drnggiata? tr*~s~STZAXNS k MABYTN,Ne, 4fiMuxxAT-sr.,N.7.FAIRJJAJTKS ST ANDAED SCALBS.gration of .Southern slaveholders, annex it prejudics to the public service, to Merrick &. Sons. Theirs Is withholding^or withdrawal of Southern orders for to the United States, or, when the timetheonlyestablisthmentinthe1st Districtwhiohemploysalargenumbexofmechanics;atthistime,890;wheninfullwork,450. herproducts"tillafterelection,"havebeenprose- ernes, make it a part of the SouthernTWELFTH ASSBXBI-Y DISTRICT.HXNXT H- Lxxnait Co.,(store Wo. 28 Na*saa-»t 1 w«l «iv*> theii-p*«ooaiattention(a* u*oai>to the aalaTol-&MM£Z" Themanagingpartners (Mr. M., sen., beingabsent in bad nealth)arefull of energy, straining every nervetokeeptheir force during this depression, and, in so far as I know, the only Old Whigs of any Influence in that District who are i n favor of thereelectionofColFlorence.I know, from former experience, the value of that influence,cuted simultaneously with exulting assertions thatsuch orders had been generally withdrawn, and thatConnecticutshouldsellnomoreclocks,carriages,Confederacy,to spring from the ruin of the Federal Union. thecallforaidforthispurpose,theGeneralsaidJames E . Coulter, Adam Roedif**. Charles WUaiott. Theo. BrockUw."FOURTBBKTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.Oto. Opdyke, Wm. W.Northnrp, James M, Thomson. PhiL Frsnkenhelmf.,FIFTEENTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.A. W . Griswold. E. rJ^sman,T. B. Van Buren. Geo, F . CoaohnusV ,SIXTEENTH A WEMBL Y DISTRICT . Dennis McCabe. ^ g S f e TM .(Mossrs Shermanand Lockwood had a tie voto of UT e*ch. Anotherelootioni.tobeheldto-ni«ht)SKVEMTEBETH AJWEHBLY DISTRICT, JonathanT.Trotter, , S E i i ^ & f t EdgarKetcfaum. MosoaK.Crasto.; .—The New-Haven " Wide-Awakes" on Tuesday night, juat as a lunch for their visitors from the nelgk- boring towns, placed 10 barrels of craokeis and 2 »i B ^ t ,rw4 ^: **^[E!S • ftv<> f]? rH>IU,^??*?• v • 'wnovmg or declininf miJbYre*"*'&?&?*' H^T ^» « »^^«»^dnrinrth^isea;•on at tLeV store, for the convemence of tho«, w h T r o i v • & £ £shJU medivm of sale. -... . ***•* " * " 'Croop and WhoopiDg-Cough are immediately Moxx VHAV Oxx HtrarnxJin>*» Frrrrand feel persuaded that it is the interest of the Democratic party or other wares, to the South, unless she now elected other Southern States " had responded nobly."'rocco has sued for peace. Breadstuffs were quiet,otic duty and public well-being. A disaster in Con-necticut might paralyze and prostrate Rhode jr., refuses to go to Washington, to be cate- Island; aRepublicantriumphinthelandofTrum-A World's Fair Medal, and four First-Premium Silver Medals, iaix's original article. Sold by all druggists. Price 25cHe insists that the House must first indict him in a military dctpotitm. A democratic Republic, all agree, cin- before it can take the necessary steps to ascertainhave been awarded it, at being the best in the market. For MB!» by the Druggists and country storekeepers generally, and by the maaufactmer, THOXASJ.HCSBANP,Philadelpnia.HE PUBLICAN SYRACUSE.PHALON &, SON'S COCIN, or DEODORIZED COCOANTTOft.,i.thebestandcheapestarticleforthehair.Try LOW,by ft. Everybody use* It- Price, 25 cents peT bottle. Sold by all Druggist* lath* United States and Canada*. No. 61& BroadwaySuch logic be-SURECUREFORPILES,&C—AnewremedyforBleeding,Blind,andItchingPile*,Scrofula,SaltRheum,&.c A liquid, warr mted to core, if not, the money will be refunded. Piepoxed b y HXNKY D . FOWUK. ChemLtt, No. 74 Priuce-st., Boston. Soil, wholesale and retail, by HXUKKAM it Co., Broad- way,andallDruggljta^Certificate.^witheGAMFixTtnREs!fee, to an iujrpection of our Spring oasortmsnt of new styles, em- HOSTETTEB'S STOMACH BITTERS.—The stomach bracing a larger' U the fonntain-bexd of scores ordisea>«ei which iofest the human VABIXTYsystem. icdSgeetion,baaenonghp*r«#.generate*diarrhea,dy- thancanbefoundinanyotherentabllshmontinNew-York."the factious malcontents which [who]havecoxed b y the nae^ol^Dr. TojiTAa'* YXNXTIAN Lryistaurr. Mi:- Diprs-axNT Sisj.fi Axn STYLXC BansVof Oottle* here been sold. OnoeMaryland,Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,T"tion " required by his master, and those preoious prosperity;frTToxthern^Mufwfare*.x3fc<mghi*i* - - ^ M t M m of^be-Soatfc^^ as wellprofitabletomyselfanddidmakeusefulandconvenient.otbe raould,fortheirownsake.;inspectwithoutdelay. IntheNonoticeCanbetakenofAnonymousCommunications. What- intheirbeha]f;aregular(Groverntnentjobberwas everIsintendedforinsertionmustbeauthenticatedbythename and address of the writer—not necessarily for publica- brought out against M r . Haskin, and, by a lavishevmmvixdiy. hat occasioned m e mnch regret, I look forward to BOTS' CIOTIU.NO department, everything that foreign taateha.theMor>*i. MaTROpoiiTAX HAT STORS,at No, 51S Broadway, i s the main room o f my former Store, aa •»s*r« moana of retrieval from .tb* difficulty with which I h«vol*>lvb«*nsurrounded. TosaythatIdonotexpecttoon»oM-tndeaof friendsacquired in the course of-a \ox>fand •ame«tbusinesscareertorallytom»supportonthustakingTPJ*econd Co1THISPATinfroduceanewstyleofGentlemen'sDRESSHAT, ttart aa a bu»rc«»s man in tb*>«ity where I bare rcsiited all m yWe, and wbet* my ant*cedents as a merchant axf nn'rersalqtIktLnMowPnB,. wonld be to doubt myv hnopiueus a«ndrl to-. dAonintajiunssttiiccee to MOtion, but a. a guarantyfor hla goodfaith.We oanttoc undertake to return rejected Communication. Business letters for T u x TRIBTTNB should In all oaae. be ad-dressedtoHORACEGRBBXBTk.Co.Mr.W.H.WATERSwillsupplyourfriend,inLXTTLKFALLS with TMB TBIBDNX.Advertisement* in the Weekly Tribune*Merchants, Manufacturers, Mechanics, Real EstateOwners,andothers,who have anythingtosell,willdowelltonor very much care. F o r this we do know—if ft* expenditureUf money, came near defeating him; trusting to their force. They do well to back their conspiracy is as wide-spread and as strong as its Administration presses were pensioned on the menaces with golden pertuasions. They have leader represents it, and if the South is deterrrrinedand no„ ... ..,, „ ....„ . _,- . , , »..,.„ Empathy wonld come kiMMwithmoreforcetnentomine—i»I*notupontheJMU*bat apon the fntvre that 1 shall sub«»tt my claims to the eastern either of old friends mrof the po»« *t large. »»*'««* .JJ* "I have too much p«id* as a JWeraOant to denrt, and let me ado,taoaconrau. a knowledge »f human nature, to « J f * ^ ^ T (•without the effort and &erty that.booM*o»»»*a^ It. * •»'<"" * caa present in my"new establishmentsnbstantialandpalpsbleabliahment substantial ancridesaco *Ca o«pabnitv and a detef mioatiotevidence ~«C* o*P*b"nitJ and a deteimination t o place t h e uusir»* •tTowbMieoShrrI wa«s.bred, andwithalltoed»tsOsofw,h„i„c,h,„I. have! footingGentlemen are invited to call and examine aMonnxof a GKNT:LXMAN'S DXXMI H A T for the Spring of I860, price $ 3 SO, and it will be found to excel infineness,durability andelegsnee,anvHatsforwhich$4 isdemandedinBroadway, ExMCfCnxjn, Manufacturer of Gents' Hats, No. 118 Nassau-st.PERSONS WISHING CLOTHING willdowelltocalla n d e x a m i n e o n e o f t h e l a t e s t S p r i n g a n d S u m m e r s t y l e s o f t h o most Extensive, New. Tasty, and Fashionable 8took* ofRXAI»T- MADBeveroffered,andwillbesoldleasthan atanyotherestab- lishmentinthiscity. .THX CUSTOM ROOM IS stocked with fresh Good, from Europe, and is not surpassed as to Style, Taste, or Cutting.FrjxifisiuifG GOODS,Tastefully .elected and in every variety. Particular attention i«paidtotheChildren'sDepartment. Inallcaseswherepersonsarenotpl*aaad,-tb«irmoneywilltheir stead.ried provesthe incoauptibility/>f the People—not the unwillingness of the president to corrupt them.Mr. Covode—who was one of the immediateRepublicans have done likewise, which is utterly false. All the money raised by the Republicans for this contest is not equal to the mercantile sub- scription in aid of the Sham Democracy in this Citythe aid not only of this but of any other Doni»! cratic Administration that may come into power* For the scheme itself, it hasthis advantage: I t aira* at the acquisition not of a united and powerful colony of a European kingdom, like Cuba, to be Teached only by the sen, but of a border State tors, and distracted by internal convulsions, worn-out aud helpless from internecine strife, ready to fall an easy prey to the first comer wicked enough and strong (ncugh t o subject her to his o mi purposea. And i t hasthisadvantage: thattheschemeisasatale twice told; the annexation of Texas was broughtfriendsandtheommunvtyinwhich Ihve,andfromwhomIhavereoeived so many proofs oCconhdence and of kindness,ahould form their own opinions of the plan and scope of my un-dertaking. I respectfully invita them to call and judge for them-selves, whether an equally comprehensive establishment in the State Fair, ice, k c Agents Wantea. Office, No. 503 Broadway.understandingofthecountry.—We expect the House to show by its firmnessnxtHOlinobaseverbeforeclaimedtheirsuppoztandapprobation. New-Ycrk,March31,I860. JOHSN.Gxyi.v.K.—^TheiDitial K. don't exactly stand for Kernel, thecommanderofaregimont, butitittheinitialofoneofthe commandersoftheHatTrade. K.meansKsox,andKotox's, atthecornerofBroadwayandTulton-st.,ispreciselytheplxoe togetsomeofthebaadsumestSpringStylosofHATSorCAP*in tows. 'GENTLEMEN'S DRESS HATS—JFU/»noxs FORWHEELER & WILSON'S SEWING MACHINES." We prefer them for family use:"—f Tribune-! "Theyarethefavoritesforfamilies."—[TimesCOfficw,No.505Broadway,New-York.CATARACTWASHINGMACHINE.N o W ASBBOAXDS,No WKAKINO OCT or CLOTHK*. Simple, CheapandDurable.In operation atNo.439BXOADWAT, ABOVXHOWAXD-ST., SKCOND TJ.OOH. SCUUVAN Si HrATT,ProprietorsandManufacturers. N. B.—Rights for sale at our Office, No. 54 BXXXMAN-BT., N. Y .NORTON'S OINTMENT,forSALTRHXUM A.N» ScftOFrLA, PermanentlycuresTetter,Scaldh>ad,RlnawormsandaUItchingand Burning Eruptions of the Skiu.This Ointment penetrates to tne basis of the disease—goes to itsverysource—andcuresItfromthefleshbeneathtotheskinonMr. Covode's Committee snmmoned the President remonstratedwiththeKing. InAustriathesymp- togive evidencebeforeit,hemighthavelaunchedwasthelargestevermadeforanyone. Butthe strength of the Republican party is never known tillitisputtotheseveresttests.their waytotheEmigrant Bureau inMadison square, to.tell how they have been swindled. The Parkcontainsampleroomandtospareforabuilding thatwillaccommodateourwholearmyofoffiee- nolflerp, iuefnding tiro civil and criminal Judges.it will no doubt become the site of the Post-Offioe, Federal.Courts, and other United States offices, as wellasthebuildingsof theMunicipalGovernment, for which itisadmirably adapted. We protest, therefore, against the bill for placing the new City HallinMadisonSquare,asunwise,uncalledfor, and inexpedient. It would involve an addition of not less than six millions to the city debt, without».*<SntiNO.—Finestandbestquality,ThreeDollar*.W'x. SANTA, NO. 3£7 CanalsC, corner"WOODter-rt-SPRINGSTYJLESorHATSANDCAPSforGentle men snd Children, unsurpassed for beauty, durability or variety"Kttux/*;, No. 381 Canal-tit.mony in kindred investigations, even whentheyagainst his late victorious enemies, except he is knew nothing of the matter in question; and Mr. 'Republican side when the canvass is completed.t\ iXooxkufc RAt*tOKi>,luving added to their^Cft***** W A M 'HOCSK, Nca. 121, m, and 125 Fulton.-*t., • BUAICOH EaTABtMH- MXNTatNo.2HBroadway,nextdoortoBarnum'sBTuseam,now «k attention to the magnificent assortment of fashionable 8pxtx<»SATURDAY, MABCH 31, I860.*JMAGi 89®cW DfecftieWASThe Post Gwin's Paci referred i tMessrs. Coif While there some curiae aid toward ito examine more carefcil THE AMr. Cove M o n d a y a t t< called and re ers to the Ne to carry Pern msal yeeterdi nish the pape the Admin'uti fullyinformec tee and thau teres. Mr. £ city, and if h< to keep Mr. 1 who has acte<the Cabinet w to tell his exp TJTfJ 1Leading D demn thePre cessary, besic false position investigationTtbey compia: the Cabinet, i of the HOURC mediatelyto nate in both tdevised for the present .eason is included.BOOKRS Jc RAYMOND.HUXT & DUSENBURY (Successors to Leary & for'youngnen, piiceForxDot-T^Axa, ^• • _Treasury in the most barefaced manner; and raised and sent into the State more money than that for the perpetuation of her dominion ovwbo returned.The Largest Store in the city.. F . B . BALDWIN,Noa. 70 and 7» Bowery.TheywillpollonAt Nos. 3, 4, and.S, Aator House.sary to extend Slavery into Mexico, she will haveLet all well-wisher, of the Gospxr. CAT?.".andParent*whodessretopromote THX RXLIOIOTO W B W A MofTHHIR F AMIL WS,close this morning, at 10£ o'clock.WedirectattentiontothememorialofMr.Ed- Retotvtdlurtber,ThatasthePresidentinbisletterto the Haven, Norwich, New-London, Middletown, willbeaneworderofthingsatWashingtonwhichB u yCHXIST AND HIS APOBTI.XS.Ho t Bewtng-MachiaeNo, 1 Sewing-MachtneThe FamilySewing-Machlne,A.. The Family Sewing-Machine HemmingGauges...»*•••••••»••»••••. . . . $ 1 0 075 GO 4ative to the Savoy question. M. Thoiivenel statesthattheannexationofSavoytoFrancehasbecomenecessary by the altered position of Italy, but thatthefeelingsofthepeopleofSavoywillbeconsulted.TheEuropeanPowersare,however,tohavenoth-ing to say in the business. It is now stated thatthe order for the French army in Lombardy tobe signed to them. But the President shrinks from umph is the calling out of the last vote in the townsready t o march a t a moment's notice h a s been the inquiry! H e protests against investigation! H e not seriously contested. And this, friends in Con-countermanded. There is also a report of a rather denies to the House the right of inquiring whether necticut! we entreat you to make certain beforeBuncombecharactertotheeffectthattheEmperor theactionofCongresshasorhasnotbeencorruptly thesunsetsto-night. Havingsecuredthepresence allthedepartmentsoftheCityGovernment,andt h e G r e a t P i o t u r e ofJ.U.SixsxxitCo.,No.458Broadway,N.Y. No. 150 Fnlton-st., Brooklyn.Sothoughtthe Housein orderingthe investiga- tion;andaSelectCommittee,ofwhichMr.Covode is Chairman, has entered upon the duty thus as-fourths of the young men who have attained their majoritysinceApril.last> with fully two-thirdsof lastyear'sstay-at-homes, are Republicans. Allyears of delay, the Concmiissioners for the erection of the new City Hall are appointed, and there is a prospecttbatthebuildingwillbeputup,whenAN EXTIXX NXW STYLX. . „Designed for all manufacturing purposes, noiseless in its opera-Napoleonhaseentanautographletter,couchedinangry terms, to the King of Sardinia, against theacceptance bythe latter of Tuscany, notwithstandingtherecenttestofuniversalsuffrage. Hemay,how- outfirstascertainingwhethertherebeorbenotof each Republican voter at the polls, rain orshine, sick or well, you may rest in faith of a glorious tri- umph on Monday.—As to Rhode Island, the coalition of Aristocrat with Democrat, Catholic Irish with Know-Nothing, Wealth and Power with Ignorance and Debase-providing $3,000,000 to pay for it. This meas- ure, which has not been asked for by the residents of that neighborhood, is wholly gratuitous aud un- called for. The old City Hall, with suitable addi- tions, will answer every purpose required, at leasIt is theI. M. SINOXK it Co.,No. 458 Broadway, N. Y .THE PARKER SEWING-MACHINE CO.'aFixaT-OuA.88, DOCBI^-THKKAD, Rapid, Noiseless, and Beautiful IKKAD. Rapid, Noise]$-10.—Wxw SBWING-MACHINX -$40.under Patent* of Howe, Grover & Baker, and .Wheeler it Wilson. Agentswanted. Office No.469Broadway.VXBNON it Co.FTNKLE&.LYON'S SEWING-MACHINESreceive** the bdahest Medal atthe Fairof the American Institute, with the highest Premium for fine Sewing-Machine work; also, high- wt Premium at the Fair of the Franklin Institute, New-Jerseylm~'B3BBW^* i ipaBwffywwwp—«»f^M>RK^jpw*^MP3m y^i^^^^Wt^^yif•elections to the preeent Congress were contested in sumed by them, the Yankee understanding is in- the ^cognition of thei Juarez Government, aad fkmthesurrace—throwsthepoisonofthediseaseupward,sndevery butunchanged. Consols,94g formoney,and 93^ particle of it is discharged through the pores—the seedx of thediseaseareexpelledfrom theflesh:consequentlythere, canbe <2>94Jforaccount.no relapse.willnotsurrenderwhathebelievestobehisrights,Sold in large glass boxes. Price 50 cents.GXXRIT NOXTON, Proprietor. WholesaleDepot at PKNTOLD, PAKKXXii.MOWXK'H,NO.15Beekman-st.CAMPBELL, Chemist and Apothecary, cor. 8th-1av. and 28th-st.—Pure and genuine DRUO», MKDICINKH, and Pxx-rt'MXBV, diapensed with great care by the proprietor himself.~ STARR'SCHBX1CAI.I.Y PXEPABBD GLTTB,For Family use. 25 cents per Bottle, with Brush. Fox SALX EVXKYWHXXK.ManulacturedandforsalebySTAXX GLUB COMPANY, N O . 51 L ibercy-st.WfNDow SHADES,Manufactured byPRISON LABOR.We sell to the Jobbing Trade only.Theattentionoflargebuyer,solioited.A- BARXICKXO k. Co., No. 36 Murray-st.J. K.BURDSALL'S ARNICA LIXIXXNTi* prepared by combining Arnica with a most healing axd pene- trating vegetable oil. For all theACHX. AND P AINSthat human flesh is heir to, it is without equal.RHXCXATISM, BRUIBXB, STRAINS,Pain in the Side or Breast, Sore Throat, ice, yield lo a few ap- plications. Beware.of counterfeits, and buy none but Bpxn-chized:XT.S.Marshal athis heelswitha formidablebull and Sherman will arouse, electrify and renderher invincible. Freemen of Connecticut! the des- conferring any benefit in return; for at least fifty'Dealers in China, Glass, Gas Fixtures,. and Silver-Plated Ware,No. 631Broadway.—But it happens to be the fact that this same President Buchanan had himself been deeply im- plicatedintheevildoingshesoforciblycondemns— had been engaged in distributing public jobs and money wrenched by such jobs from the Federalthrown.Never before were elections, held wherein oneto the same purpose in the speech of this new "blue-eyed man of destiny," Gen. Bickley. Mexicoistobe,to^use his bastard and unprinci-Robert Murray, Robert liwin.FIFTH Andrew Bleakly,Thos. C Thornton, P< B. Dwyer.DISTRICT.Fraucis D. Hurlburt, H. Howard CargilLINDICO.DELEGATES TOMadras,Manilla,Caraccas,andallotherkinds*,averylarge iscorrnptedandthepeoplebecomevenal,thereisacankeratthestock, of all prices and qualities, constantly on hand, and for sale, by the package or less quantity,in lotato suitpurchasers, VXXYroot oliiie Tree of Li Deity, which must cause it to wither aud to die."G A SForF I X T U R E SPRIVATX H o r s x e , STOBBI,some and timely admonition, which ought to sink deepintothepublicmind. Theageisvenal—men seekofficewithaneyetopublicplunder,andof course must be ready to spend money lavishly and corruptlyinordertoattainthemeansofachievingtheir ends. I t was quite right in the President to warn the public against the rapid strides then beingtions than ours.CONNECTICUT—RHODE ISLAND." of the Liberal or Juarez party" in Mexico, than inanyotherway.Thisparty,hedeclared,has invited the K . G . C . " to assist them in establishing ".a permanent government, and in putting downelected delegates and alternates to the Republican State ConventiontobeheldatSyracuseonthe18thofApril:FIRST AMKXBL T DISTRICT. \ .affordScHiByyxLiN,BROTHEXSitCo., No.. 170 and ITi William-rt.TheAssemblyConventionswereheldthroughouttheCRISTADORO'S HAIR DYE, WIGS and TOUPEESparty appealed so exclusively to the basestandmostsordidimpulses of humannatureasinthese. pled participle—" Americanized." The Southand the best substituefor animal food,enriches thetablesof the Astor-IIouse and all the principal saloons. HECEXX.' Farina Boilers, to prevent burning or scorching; Jelly Molds, of various size., formsand patterns; for sule at the Establishment, No. 5 New Canal-rt., near East Broadway.election of subservient Members of Congress who would otherwise be defeated. Here is a letter re- ceived by this same James Buchanan, not three months before he wrote his Pittsburgh missive, from one of his confidential partisans in Phila- delphia:"PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 13,1058. "DXAX SIR: I venture to suggest'H"oiyoutheimportanceofgland a mere satrapy of the Cotton States, createdfor their convenience, living on their bounty, andliable to be withered by their frown. If Connecti-cut had subsisted for the last fifty years on theoffal contemptuously thrown her from the bounteoustable of South Carolina, she could not have been and Juarez, hold the country as a conqueredHenryC Robe,John L Taylor. AsssnotT DISTRICT.W . Rosevelt,with that shop at work, full-handed, two weeks priorto tho elco- - . Scwithoutit. Price25seat*. Svld<niath>drugfisu. Depot Adaptedtoeverybranchofbusinesswhoreacorrectanddurable tion,theresultwould,Ithink,beplacedbeyondalldoubt.bm4if JK^4JAf^^*FArxvAmcs k Co., No.180Broadway,Now-York.cut, has professed or affected some reservein, somerebuke,orputtingitinthefire,Mr.Buchananin- mands;butthisyear,undertheguidanceofMayor readytomarchatamoment'snotice. Georgia,heNo. 36 Ceartlandt-sCBbemnatum and Fams in the Limba are curedquicker by Dr. TOBJA*'* LixrxxxT than anything else. Thir- be&«ethepmubllicie,,ianditseverbaafaUed.'Twentv*fiveamxu4iafiHft.yoeoteper•bottle. 8oldbyaRthedruggist*. Depot No. « Cotrnhuxdt-st.D r . JfcCuwTOCK's COLD AND COUGH MIXTUREIs gmatoUed to oure an ordinary cold or cough,catarrh; infln- •axe, MCT9 throat, ice, with absolute oerUir>ty and a degree ofa^y Druggist*.Seal* is required. Call and examine, or send for an Illustrated siiaolar." With muoh respect, W . C. PATTEKSON. " The PUX81DXMT.VR e p u b l i c a n N a t i o n a l Convention..CHICAGO, Moy 16.MtoT IimtWuttomUr the businessfi«ldagain,andwiththeml est confidencr of suc<w*». '*Gnifis's BAXAAB,W—an estab- CuyrHnNawithwhichtheyhaveopenedthescwoninboth. The RopubHcan State Convention......STIUOUSH, April18. the'stoieway. John Cochrane and Sickles;had the sulted by arguments which imply that their disposi- capture of Miramon's steamers, under a generalor-TOCORRESPONDENTS.on Slavery alone.Theauthorsofsuch argumentsactwiselyinnotgiveitaidandcomfort—wedonotcertainlykaowadvertise in THX WXBKXY TRIBUNE,to send in their favors as early in the week a. passible, In order to insure theirfindingaplace. It is properto add that,with a regular circulation o f much more than 2 0 0 , 0 0 0 copies,ward Learned to Congress, embodying a plan for the construction of a railroad to the Pacific, which willbefound on anotherpage.The steamer Arabia, which arrived a t this portyesterdaymorning,bringBthree days'later foreignintelligence, herdates being to the 17th March.The House of Lords had agreed with the House ofCommons in.an address to the Crown in approba-tion of the new commercial treaty with France by. Pittsburgh Centenary Celebration ef the 25th November, 1858, Bridgeport, Stamford, Waterbury, Litchfield, speaks cl "The employment of money to carry .elections," saidwill effectually restrain the ardor of these gentlemen of medieval propensities.Advertisers will please" old Whigs," Merrick & Sons, obtained the con- demons^aide tta^ the tract tbey asked for, though the Novelty V^orks in they always tWeri Free,ialone.profitable are nearly all on that side; theycan well afford to give $500s for a cause by which they expect to make their hundred thousands. Soto whatever of intrinsic strength their party has, they add all that money can buy. Of course, their meet- ings are large, their banners resplendent, their pro-measures;' but as forewarned is forearnusd, theThe mails for Europe, via Southampton andHavre,bytheUnitedStatessteamerFulton,will shallinvestigateandinquireintotheabuseattheChicagoor willstillbeOnetoTwoThousandbetter. The willhavefinishedtheworkitproposesbetweenthkTaxmedium in the world.objectsthousands of dollars of this money sent into his district to defeat him, and elect instead Mr. H . D . Foster, now Democratic candidate-for Governor of Pennsylvania—having triumphed over the Presi- dent, his minions, and his money, recently submit- tedtotheHousethefollowing:of thesemachinations,havingh a d somea vote of 68 to 38. Announcement had been made other Executive functionary to influence the action specially cared for; and that may looseof Congress or the elections thereto, and whether -circular dispatch from the French Government rel- money has been used in Pennsylvania as charged in State ticket. The Republicans had 1,870 majority have been scattered hither and thither, in all sortsever, name a Prince of his own house for Tuscany,the President's. Pittsburgh letter. Never was a Congressional investigation demanded on grounds morelegitimate and definite thantheee.last year, which subsequent Naturalizations cannot of out-of-the-way places, rendering it exceedingly have more than balanced; while at leastthree- difficulttofindonehalf ofthem. Atlength,afcertamperedwith. TheHouse,heinsists,cando nothing whereby he may be affected, unless by im-than one-third the cost of the new structure.has protested against the annexation of the neutral- is an assertion of absolute impotence for self-pro- ment, is unquestionably formidable. W e presume present seat of the City Government is in theceptable to the Pope. The Swiss Federal Councilized districts of Savoy to France. The result"of tection on the part of Congre&s and an insult to the the Fillmore American nabob whd runs for Gover-theelection onthe questionofannexing Tuscanyto Piedmont was largely in favor of annexation.The arrests and banishments in Naples were con-tinned, andareignofterrorprevailedthere. The knowsits rights and dare maintain them. Had BritishandofherforeignMinisters,itissaid,havepected that the annexation of the Eomagna to Sar-dinia will be followed by the excommunication ofbolh Victor Emanuel and Louis Napoleon. A dis-patch from Madrid states that the Emperor of Mo- nothing that the Committee wants to hear—but he ers, and at the polls to their own convictions of patri-PRESIDENT A N DBUCHANAN ONP R E R O G A T I V E .PURITYyears to come it would be away beyond the bound- aries of business New-York, and for all practical purposes it might as Well be on Staten Island, orat Sing Sing.In a epeech in the House of Representatives, the other day,' Mr. Colfax, as Chairman of the Post- he doubtless knows more of the John Brown raid have found at last a country which answers to the Office Committee, said that private companies hadOn the 22d November, 1858, M r. James Bu-chanan, President of the United States, wrote from Let the truth come out. But Gov. Wise has boxes theWhiteHousetoPittsburgh,Pa.,inresponseto ofOldBrown's correspondenceand allmannerof an invitation to attend the celebration of the com-pletion of a century since that place was founded,a letter of lamentation over the degeneracy of thetimes, the gathering perils of Disunion, the pros-know you will prove equal to the emergency ! Onpect of a recourse to despotism as a safeguard fromanarchyandcorruption,&c,&c,inwhichhe ofonepartythrustintoprisonforrefusingtotes-nluiU become infected, the fountain of Free Government will then be poiaontd at it* *ource, and we must end, as history proves,of indictment, or even of blame!Webelieve everywordof this. It isawhole- longstoa darkerage and more despotic institu-to increase it."The 1st District will, I hope, be carriedin any event; butso he willprobablysoon have a2>ossc7 to take him to the Capitol by force. Thismay seem harsh, but we do not complain of it: ward!secrets whispered in hiB ear which he says no power on earth shall make him reveal, and thoughThe Knights of The Golden Circle, a pretty com- plete account of whom we gave some time ago,he Pro-Slavery ticket.Hitherto,theDemocraticparty,eveninConnecti- Kentucky,Tennessee,Louisiana, Mississippi, Ala-bama, and Texas, have already in the field, fully This letter, instead of returning it with a proper limit to, its alacrity to submit to Pro-Slavery de- armed and equipped, from one to two regiments,closed to his Secretary of the Navy, with the fol- lowing indorsement:"SEPT. 15,1858.•**• The Inclosed letter from CoL Patterson of PhUodelphla laWood, Caleb Cashing and other wholesale devotees of the Slavery Propaganda, everything has been surrendered, and the ground taken that Slavery isasked, should take with her sisters *«an equalushare in the rich, glorious blessings of the future," by coming to the aid of an organization already so•JPenn!- I] The SemiteA n dt oundertakeyet avow like contumacy, not even summoned!now the President launches his official protest owed and orphaned States, made, a few days since,against any investigation at all which shall tend toa speech at Atlanta, Georgia, at a public meeting, in which he laid bare the plans of himself and his associates. This " military organization," he said,submitted to the attention of the Seoretary of the Navy. J. B ." right in itself, beneficent alike to master and slave, ripe, and which embraces " Southern Governors, pound* .of dried beef in tho caw when they left, that«—Of course, Mr, Toucey accorded " t h e atten-to North and Southland the indispensable basis of" Senators, Members of Congress, and many of thetew might get a bite, ,itErie. Bailrouui ;v? tho queetioa of•Al-&&: •.;;;:.•Untitled Documentwas ever before contributed, for such purposesby all the far ties that have existed since there was aNorthern white men and Southern blacks it i*neces-money, freehly drawn from the Treasury under thegniseofpaymentforPublic Printing,wassentintomany districts with intent to beat the Republican Connecticut. Having thus flooded the State with the countenance, and, when the time comes that it candidates- and elect the President's servitors in foreign money, they raise the hue and cry that the can be given with any show of decency,Resolved,ThataCommittee of.fivemembersbeappointedbythe Speaker for the purpoao of investigatinir whether the Pre»i-dent of the United States, or any other officer of the Govorn-ment, bas by money, patronage, or other improper means, soughtto influence t b e action o f Congress, or any Committee thereof,for or against the passage o f nnyla v appertaining to the rights ofany State or Territory; and also to inquire into and investigatewhether any officer or officers of the Government have by com-bii ation, or otherwise, prevented and defeated, or attempted t oprevtntordefeat,theexecutionofanylaworlawsnowontho thesearenotenough. They maypossibly swell again. statute-book, and whether the President fcas failed or roraaed to their vote to Forty Thousand; but the Republicanscompel theexecutionofanylawthereof? ThatsaidCommitteeThe men who expect to make their politicsby any means be persuaded, bullied or bribed to vote their ticket.Ivery fact that such an act has been accomplished Yet they will not succeed, simply because all will render it difficult if not impossible to do it overuncontested towns.field, Norfolk, Putnam, Derby, and forty otherFor some years past, a number of speculators is. up-town lots have been persistently at work to remove the seat of the City Government to theOld-Milford,V ernon,Ridge-townships—some of them overwhelmingly Repub- upper part of the city. Through their instrumental-lican, others hopelessly adverse—will fall short of their full vote by twenty to thirty each, unlessity, the erection of the new City Hall has been de- layed, and the tax-payers mulcted in many thou- sands of dollars for the rent of offices for various departments, while the officers of the corporation, CoL Churl* Utah until d shallreachthrank to him.THE PRMr. Haakii will get an ex oftheSouthei andaccompa arraigning th*Mr. Nelson denouncing tit violativeoftl seek some fatTHEMr. Blair cl on Elections «eat held by! Thefraida paralleled byGOV. v\ The major haveagaind«it is prcb&ble •Senate. His importantwit: and Collamer thesenseof t dence. Havi to answer, th-monGo>v. Wi the coursead gardingthepi called, declin< the law now s power to en Marshal. He only take a w carryhim,ifiThe followi Treasury:Receipts.... Drafts paid.. Drafts issue* Net belau :eThe sale* of ceipt»,which with last weel To the Aasociat^\Private lett< have be«n e!ec on thefirstMo: ffovernmenV!oiISew^Mexico i member of the elected Gfoven Govornment. ' banceswiJl preand prevent tl s?pecie used by Overlaxd Mh.il from CbihualuiaThe document President embrs meattoCapt.J he is informed t prepared for se directedtoproa Nicaragua, " 'Y<adds, States,andtheir protect any v e « detention on th other .power." <The following Jarvis had not i of the Miramon1 Sia: With a [eitizens a t Vert Bon. Mr. Melxu place, and be i there in danger i manding officer < that coast to lai can be' spared ploy them for persona or proj Should Mr. Hel commanding offi authorize hiru tc it. Statements belief that arran as the Miramon blockade at Yer Mexico, the IT«•de will be reec therefore, dire* your com BOHud and ejiree* ni a them."The eame ord mandinfi: the B r kins and Hazaw toga, Preble an<In oomummc course of Capti the Miramon sti " facts stated h " approves of tl " andthe ofiiceMessrs. Burr of Marylandin by the Speaker foraninveen-a withthepublicnor will take every Irish vote which is not that of aRepublican, and that, by the unprecedented out-pouring of money in his behalf, his poll will beand fearless adherence to the line of duty that it swelled even above that of Fremont in '56, which and Hans, who lodge in Greenwich street, findingtomsofsocialapd politicaldissolutioncontinuetomanifestthemselvesinamostremarkablemanner.now.Yet,asgoodmenashohavoboon,droggod RhodeIsland-isboundtopollsometwenty-fiveThe condition of that Empire renders it unlikely from their business and their firesides to give testi- thousand votes next Wednesday, and we are con-that Francis Joseph will undertake, a newwar fident that theoddthousandwillbefound onthe Thespaceisnotneededforajileasure-grouud, likeaprotestwithsomeshowofplausibility;notsoMadison Square,because itissurrounded by an drivenintoitbyirrepressiblenecessity. Itisex- ThaddensHyattisnowinclosejailatWashington Thefarmingtownshavenotforyearsbeenoutin exclusivelybusinesspopulation,andsoonerorlafertheir strength; the manufacturing workers, even in the Spragues' own factories, know how to be at the same time faithful in the mills to their employ-tinies of a continent rest heavily upon you; but wetban any other live man, the Senate's Committee enigmatical " No. 6," which was then announced offered to carry and deliver all letters in this city,will not even call him! Is this fair? Witnesses as the object of their regard and purposes. " No.mail a s well a s drop one cent each.letters,every two*hours,a tsays:" I shall asflumsrthe privilege of advancing years in referring toanother growing mid dangerous evil. In the lust ujje, althoughour father., like- ourielves, were divided into political partieswhich often had nevere conflicts with each other, yet w e neverheard, until withia arecent period, of the employment of moneyto carry election*. Should thispractice increase until the voter* fasten on him the charge of official malversation! and their Representative*in the State and National Lcgulaluresnot Ionic survive unless sustained by public virtue. When this whether he has or has not done anything worthy " was originally intended to advance the rights andtify, and those of the other, who know everything—While privatethis, Congress proposes to deliver drop letters only at that rate, leaving mail letters to pay, as now, two cents for delivery. Certainly, if one oent is enough for one kind, it is also for the other." 6 " is Mexico.the chief of this order of modern chivalry, which proposes to take under its protecting shield all wid-Gen. George Bickley of Virginia,ready'"interests of.theSouthern States;"and thoserights and interests, he proceeded to explain, canbe better subserved'' by armed intervention in favor city last evening, and tho following gentlemen wereowesit to civilization, to Republicanism, toherto conquer a country which " opens so fine a field "forSouthern capital and Southern enterprise." In short, to strip the speech of all its fine verbiage, Gen. Bickley proposes, if he can raise the men and means, t o overrun Mexico, suppress both MiramonS. Haxelte*.which, thunstrengthened,is T oLeamanJohnson, W. E.McDonald,C. Harrison,T H EC I T YHAJLI4.heari; of the business part of the city—just in the spot where all the great railroad and stage lines converge,andtherefore themosteasilyaccessible to residents as well as strangers. Fancy Patrickpartiesa r eAlternate*. N M. L. Fordham.Louis Naomaun. A8SKMBLY DUJTRICT.O. W. Brennan,Gen. II- Hawks,TBIHD AygRXBLY DISTRICT.Theodore A. Ward, John Contrefl, Levi Folsom, ' John J. Sillcooks.FOT7XTK A8SXXBX.Y DISTRICT.A?*KMBLTJamesW. Farr. Thomas C. Aotcn,EIOHTK John Lan Jcrs,Wm. Barrigan.NlMTH ASSXMBZ.T DISTRICT.stapiuol B. H. Vance, George McLeaio. Jtobert A. Adams, Georje Manohot.TKWTK ASSKMBIT DISTRICT. Joseph C. Pinckney, Allan Rutherford.Peter Cook, Francis Retach. FutYENTH ASUBMBI/T DISTRICTS.T.W.Doyle. THIRTEBITTH AMHRBI-Y DISTRICT.Morris Priedaatu.d '-"'ft-•>-*" nnWl'l sWIMSlf I Mis-' -' —..* •-'•>-«--•• -'-inAn'i -MI* I'SSBSJSBBSMWfmt-VTThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comSBBBmBSBH 