 ^^»IHi|Hia*nyijww-' 'VWI-IYa^irtiaw''££»£»a^xscjg^sffi^isgst u"'i> "i Mw"".'.inV'»'*w ,>#<,v ;»w^.^*-'-i .-;.*•* •??- • -v~ v:">-"v •.• "• :' •• :mz%m'TW&DAYSIATERFROMEUROPE. vions retectfcna which occur to every one •<*J^* S s S B H f t ^ - p S n the iunders^ding, aud | great revision of feeling. I t is,^he^v*r^fflctent except, among free people, and tbat there are but few one did bis best to eapt- _^ ^ ^ g ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^- - .. • • •-ar" • • '» tosaythatthedemonstrationmdicarest«rotniogs: gggWiLOFTH&KOETHBEITONANDTHEStatenourishesnoinsidiousderignsagainstthemorthwrinstitutions, and that they wiO not be miauadei^od if JURA. they give vent to th*ir gcod frefing with somethtog oftben-nimal vehemence, and, s-condly, -that the f,harao-; INSURRECTION IN SICILY. terand peraooal demeaior of EugHteh Royalty a t tbe presentdayissuchastoinsur*ther-spectevenofthose who have discontinued it as a political form. I nstacieBtotheschemesoftheEmperorof,theFrench. Send us, quick, a'mflj Bhipe, guiis, and materiel^ and I , vouch for the speedy realization of this great object. " Imarriedvom^onlysous,<kc. FrateDonGiovanni,abra^e FranciBcan monk, who ac»s as ebaplain and agi-tator-general to the force,"made a. long sermon to per-Majesty, those which they would inevitably bring .on) is people, and the inapprt'ciable injury they would do ;$*bo rteamaWp. Nartb Briton, from Liverpool 11th,via G*d»ay 13th in*t., arrived at St. Jobn'e at 5p. m.Cabimthas deeded tbat t h e e b m ^ S of. the n en of war sent to Syria shall ab^iaiu fr<W tt a 5 mtervention, a> d confine themselves t o preserve the I French Consul, and offering refuge to all Christiana who might want i t .VIENNA, July II. .;vXThe,report that the Austrian Government intends:to contract a new loan is without foundition. ^ '•"•'••-day, and eafled at 6 for Quebec, having landed the practice of the same free institutions."mafia.~*CieHammonia, from New-York, arrived at Southaaaptoo on the 13th.Tie newt "is not important.Froaa TJu London Tinut, July i0. • PLYMOUTH, Monday Afternoan.Vke- Admiral S ir Charles Fremantle's Channel squadron, consisting of the flagship Royal Albert, 121, Capt. Henry T. LaoonV the Donegal, 101, Cap*. Hen-who have been iutrosted with the preparation of the tUtule for tbis portion of the kingdom. B a t your council, S-re. in devofing itself to the fulfillment of this roy>»l brdtr. has conwdered tbat a constitutional statute alreadyexistsin-thepubliclawofthekingdom— hsmely, that wbich was octroyed by your august father, the late Ferdinand II. I f this statute was after somethe town, a t their head a man of the ne;ghborhood details are not knownyet. •-.<; . . . ,ry Broadhead; the Abukir, 90, Capt. Douglas Carry; ItwasrumoredthatGaribaldihaddeterminedto theGreyhound,17,CommanderFrancisW.Sullivan.;LONDON CORN MARKET—L^udoo, July l l i i J - i General Tiirr, who then still commanded, and placed from Tyre. These individuals, only thirty-four VK Weather fine. Engliih and Foreign Wheat «te<wJy a t Monday0 -b*ri*g« Messina.The Neapolitan Government hadthe C« nqueror, 101, Capt. Edward S. Sohsby, C. B.;to the utter astonishment of every one, not less thaupopulation of Hasbeiya. a village at the foot of Mount1 ffeethetwoFrenchv*s*els.par»baeedforGaribaldi.The Pari* Patrie state* that the siege of Messina ia jbddcd npon, hot the great heat, so terrible io SicilyNAPLES. ;the Svffiana the Cooetitatiou of 1812.The Jrench Government had refused to denational-Capt. George W . D . OCallaghan; the Meraey, 40, Capt. Henry Caldweil, C. B . ; and the Diadem, 32, Capt. James H. Cockburn, under canvas only, with a smart breeze a little to tae southward of east, hove i n sight from Mount Wise a t 8^ o'clock this morning inNAPLES, Jnly 7.--lt i s asserted that the Ministry has obtained the Royal aasenttothe removal of Genu" Nunzianta, head of the Court Camarilla of the formerresolvedt oofferthe Trafalgar, 90, Capt Edward G . Faushaws; the25 witnesses declared tbat Meli was a good man, andby«eli«M«... T^": j'>•C ^during Jnry and August, will render operatims ex- > wo lines. They then formed one line, and stood infor which they could not be tried, having contrived t o escape during the advance oh'Palermo. •arately by a firct-class Arabic scholar. _ loni.o»v July 9.—Yesterday, two men-of-war left •-' " Hasb*iya is a beautiful village at the foot of Her- this port to reinforce the French squadron at Naples 1 itremely axfficult.The Prench Chamber of Deputies and Council o fState are at variance en the rag question.A dispatch from the Governor o f New-Zealand ofApril 6, states that the town and district of Aucklandfor the port.A t half-poet 10 o'clock the ships wore i n succession,and went away to the weetward. Shortly after they eamein sight more to the southward.'k Iheir funneU are up ready f r use. The only *hip likely to enter the Sound is the Diadem, which is s»id to b« short of faeL The Earl of Mount Edgcumbcy m his steam-yacbt, nearTheie can be no doubt that the eqnadre have had the tbit, andpiobably still retain it a little, of living a tmon, and c<bt'e t o t b e source of the Jordan. It_cou- tains, or did before the massacre, a population of 5 000The ofllcial joornnl of Sicily p u iisfaes the pr<*clama- tion of Kmg Ferdinand, granting a Constipation t o Naples, but precedes it by a leading.anicle to mind the- ;are perfectly secure against any attack that can b e the Royal William Viotriailmg-yard, is waiting the ap- proach of the Piince of Wales. The Hero continuesTU London Time*>, m a leader, regards Mr. King- inside the Break water ready for sea, aad arrangements^ ilake's revelations in the House of Commons, respect- are n-ade fo r the expected departure o f Hi* Royaling Kapoleon, calculated to weaken the policy of non- Highness to-morrow (Tu-rsdav) morning. Her escort,snug at home, and the towns were earisfied with mak- ing demoistrat ions, these people carried on the guensla warfare: They took very likely often more than toey ought to have done, buL on the whole, it is found that even i n tbis respect there i s a great exaggeration.here tb»-t the preaching of evangelical truth had borne more fruit than anywhere else in Syria. The Protes- tants numbered in tins village upward of 200; they had a native pastor and a regular church of their owu-HheTBj Telegraph to Galway.JItfVXOTOOl., OxQy 13—JN'oon.—CoTTOJI—The BlO-the press, and establishing commissions to arrange tho details with respect to the electoral law, the National Guard, &c.theweilthyl 'Tlefe'are small inconveniences which cannot be ren edied in a day, and it is just for that that tbe organization of tbe National Guard must be urged on, so as io give some strength to the authorities^men have survived, and the fate o f their wives and children is worte than uncertain.Notwithstanding the Austricns are still paitying the.supplementary war Itax, the hmlget of the \WarDe- •XPL YMOUTH, Monday Evening. Sir Charles Fremantie's squadron, which arrived off badea, «i' wbich apeetdatota took! 5,500. and exporters 17.U00. I t the port thie morning, formed two lines, ranging about «««**• Ml<klling Oile-n* a t H J-; Middling Upland* 5j4. and north ane i-outh, in the aiteriioon t o receive the Royal" Ine village was attacked by an overbelming bodyk«e' CireoUx report* the aalea of Cotton for tbe week at 75,000panment contains an* item o f 1,000,000 florins fo r t h e of Druses o n Saturday, the 2d inst. The Christians expenses of the troops of tbe Duke of Modeaa waich. armed to repel tbem, and for two days held tneir own, he took with him from Italy. The Austrian*say thatpart of which is vested in the English Foods, he ought to pay for these troops h'mself. I t ia h>ped that the newCounciloftheEmpirewillprotestaffaaetthis burden.-SA VOY AND NICE.Further papers have been laid r>efore Parliamentrescecting Savoy and Nice, aad ibe interests of 8mt- zerland. Thekstdispatch,datedJu-e25.isbyJUrd John Rupseil, and intimates the nowillingness of/herof those on the Continent. A n lialy free and united first,thattheAmericansareconviricedthattheBritish wouldsupplythiswant,andbeoneofthegr»atestob-to make people understana th*> only » small portion ox•:tbbM-'1iab&^«n!^'^:''tak*n»-,w*t0.a11dueregardto IX.,Jnr^ply,madeuseof;manyaffectionateandpa- O ? v. *evide-ncewillbetakenofeveryoneablethe United States the Prince will be received with that THE^PBINCEOFWALES.coroktitywhichnopeoplecanshowbetterthanAmer-sentedthefollowingaddress.totbeKing:' otherreafons,whichdidhotallowpeopletodoany-THEEAST. of'hemkmmSmnA*-v7'^TheWhikieratUra; jourwd^^r^?ffi^ ?%?£??ot.l*w " »*•tBB CXVIX WJLR IMF STRIA,T i e rerew trteamabin J u r a of the Cunard Hue, from Xirerpool on the 10th and Quecnetown on the 11th, ;• axrived at this port on Monday morning. She bringsI wwe 4eta2s of s«wt before sent by telegraph.%t JOB**, N. P., Jnly 22, via Port H .od 23.icans,andbewill;nodoubt,-respondbya,bearing SIRE: Bythesovereignandmemorableactofthe hinginthematter. ; ; _ equally courteous and honorable. Were the. Prince 25tb of June, your Majesty announced two great ideas : AtVil afrate. the next station', there was already a older in years, and were his s+ay longer, he mu;bt to your people, viz., that of putting the coostitu'tional little more warmth. Everything was found prepared; bringbankmanyanewideatobeofservicetohis regimeinforceintheseStates,andofenteringintoan thereceptionwaBfair,illuminat'OUBjaudgoodwill,but country and itsdependencies. Suchanexamination understanding with King Victor Emanuel for theetillinitiative. The NationalGnardlistsweremade, of the New World is hardly to be hoped for. B u t greater advantage if the two Italian crowns. These, and about50 of .hem armed, but the whole thing not thereisonethingwhichhie Royal Highness, andall fcubliraewo-ds.which,markforyourMajestyandfor jyetbroughtintoworking order. Ohtheotherhand,jvu*«cu wn «*i,erme^Budget h^p been considered. AB> The Peninsular ^ S ^ M ^ M m ^ mther civil war, nor revolution, nor commercial rivalry, nor political bickerings, n o r acrimonious social criti- cisms, can totally sunder nations which, having a com- mon erigin and language, develope themselves by theera. "have resounded throughout Europe," a n filledwiihjoy the hearts o f your sabjects, who expect "fromthe virtue and loyalty of ibeir King the accomplish-ment of the grand work. Yonr Majesty has deBigaedat the same time to call the undersigned to power a syour council of ministers, in whomc onfidence is to b e squadre, with a small cargo of chickens, passed through and the remainder took part against, them. But full placed for the prompt execution of the royal will, andLOKDOW, July 13, noon.—Con* Is, kJH'd>3&i; Sugar Prince left ibe yacht to joint the Hero, th e Emerald day8in Sicily, by the events in which I have been so gtneral festiviiiee. •. .• • .'' •Tea la bat ottie demand, and price* we*i.GKEAT BRITAIN.and the Ci'adel repeated the compliment. The weather isextremelyfine,andthousandsoftheinhabitants were assembled on the hights*• Froaa The London. Court Circular. OssoKNa, July9,.1860.His Royal Highness the Duke of Sixe-Cobarg, at- tendedbyBaronHochwaechter,leftOsborneyesterday for London.Tbe Duke,ofNewcastle arrived onavisittoher Majesty:fortunate as to take part. ThisbravepeopleisJrte;ioyisdepictedoneveryone'sface; the 8'reels resound with critB of joy from thoseYeeterdav morning, the column arrived a t Kocca- palnmbo. "Themagietraresmetitbeforethetown, ard did everything to make t h e soldiers comfortable.THB PRINCE OP WALES. 7%eLondonTime*ofthe9thhasthefollowingedi- torialUponthevisit ofthe Prince ofWaW'tto thistbe Government, would conduct tbem all safe to Damas- cus, where they would bo better than in Hasbeiya whilethecivilwarlasted. TheChristiansobeytdhim,THE IRISH PAPAL RECRUITS._RoMi, July-7.—Ibe Irish Volunteer., are leavimr, RomefcrSpoleto,whereacorpsof10,000menistobe concentrated1/efoxethefortress Thetotalnumberof Irish wbo bave arrived, or are expected to arriveHer Majesty drove down t o the Trioity-pier, East -receivethehospitalityoftheC-iiefMagistrateand Cowee,wuhthePrinceConsortandthePrinceofmore than one ox the greatest corporations of the fjni 1* ted.Sates. Royalty in theee islands has become so en-ascent to the town we were received by a band of mu- eic at the entrance. The municipality and clergy were waiting t o welcome us. Bonnres were l i t on theof several hours with the Tarkii-h commander o f thetroops. N» sooner was this conference ended than theChristiana observed that the harem (wives, women,and children), as well as tne property of tbe commander,waeremtvedfrom the1 seraglio, and that t h e Turkishsoldiers also removed their baggage ou side. Suspect-ing treachery, many of the Ch.iBti*ns tried t o escapefromtheplace,butwerepreventedbythebayonetsofthetroops,whiletheirwomenandchildrenwhereordered,and"compelledtoremovetothelargeupper chambers of the buildings, the men being forcedto remain below. By thi* time i t was known thattirely the expression of nationality, it has so completely Prince Arthur, and Prince Leopold, and attended hyThis morning, at9o'clock, theirRoyalHighnessesthe Prince Consort and the Prince of Walee left Oa-bornc to embark in the Royal yacht Victoria.and and inexorable sway. .AlbertforPlymouth,where herMajestysshipHero,Capt. Henry Seymour, is waiting x>convey the PrinceofWalestoCanada.The reception atthis place,wherewearrivedlastnight, turpasBtd by far thas at th e preceding sution.More than a couple of miles in advance we were met lies as promised to Damascus. For nearly a week byadetachmentohhorseback,.with the tricolor flag, theywereputoffwithsomepretextorotner until,onrateaswhenonserviceinthefield. INTERVENTION OF FRANCE IN SYRIA.'-•• -',, '•:, e „ . ^ARIS Jnly10,I860. Yesterday afternoon Prince Metteraich had a lontr conferencewithM.Thouvenelinreferencetotheiai-tiative which France has taken in favor o f tbe Chris- tiansmSyria,aswellastotheconcorrencgofthe grrat Powers on the same subject. I n consequence of th* conference. Count HOZHS, Secretary of the Austrian Embassy at Paris, lef'. last eveninsr, with dispatches, from Prince Metternich, for the Austrian Cabinet atALIA, June 29, I860.. peered iron, the state of sluggish and gorgeous seclu- the Countess of Caledon and Major-Gen. the Hon. C . You must have a good map of Sicily tofindo u tw«» a time when addresses and dedications moved the Roads for Plymonin. side oithe mountain, 46 miles from Palermo, close t<y scornofthethiukit>gfew,who'coairastedthevain TnePrinceConsort,attendedbyColoneltheHon. thehighroadtowardCaltanisetta,Catanii,and andselfishrulerofreallifewith'that.goodaad A.Haidinge,isexpectedtoreturntoOsborneto-nior- G.rgeuti. ,the j o y has fouuethirig to- do with t h e fear q f the squadie,bnirthereisncdoubttliatthempiewpad- vancethegreateristheparticipationiuourcause..FRANKKOKT-ON-MAIN, July 1%, I860. TheGermansovereignsbaverenouncedtheirproject ofholdingSpecialCWerencesatBaden,beingof opinionttatadefiniteur-d^rstaudbgwouldmoreeasilybe brought about by confinii-g negotitttions to their represema.iv.8 at the FroVral Diet; boides, Fraukfortxowevtning. Astherewerenoeventsofimportancetoreport Thedifficultyistheignoranceandthewantofprac-The suite vvbich wiil accompany his Royal Highness from headquarters, beyond the daily work of prepara- tice in doing.anything lor ihemaulveB. They are so ac-the Prmce of Wales to Canada, consists of the Dake of tion and organization, th e details o f which, however customed to find all done by the Government, that-theNewcastle, Secretmy of Sta^.e for the Colonies; Maj.- important for the national army, offer only moderate very idea of doing something fo r themselves is new.evennovlanguageisusedreepectiugthechiefper-ion Gei>.tbeHonR.Bruce,GovernortothePrince;Maj. interestto.yourreaders,Ithoughtatriptotheinte- .Thus,theydidnotknowhowtogoaboutconstitutingTeeEdale, R. A. and Capt. George Grey, Equerries;f rior of this ttrra incognita would be welcome to them.>graciousPrincewhowasalwaysfosteringtieMuses, i «r bidding Neptune's utmost waves obey him, in the I jxnayinativn of Mayors and College Peilows. Thatlu.:«*•-••6 •.'»many hundreds c-f armed Druses were close t o t h e bemg a more ontnd point, the Pleuipoteatiaree ac- •ytisue has happily gone by. I t may be that bometimescreditedtotheDietarebetterinformedthanthe Special Envoys would be. In the mean time, there is- a frequent exchange ofviews aaoog tiie GermanCounts, with the object cf- coucerting the instructional to t c given to their representatives at Frankfort.the National Guard and at the request of the munici- chantedContinentalnationsare accuitomedin speak- Dr.AtkhojdandtbeEarlofSt.Germans,LordStew- Itisnotmorethanthreedayssince'IleftPalermo,and palitythecolumn delaysits departure tohelponthistown. Thetroopshadhardlymadetheaforesaidar- rangements when t h e Druses were admitted into the sertglio,and rushed like hungrytigers upontheun- armed mob i n t h e court-yard. No man was spared. In ten minutes the very.stones were inch deep in human blood. No butchery ever known i n his:ory equaledin these realms 'warmer than that to which the disen-mIfard o f her Majesty'B Household, who will join his Royal Highness at Plymouth.I have scarcely traveled one fourth oi the lengtll of thework. Theie seems t o b e a good number of -'(runs,mostly fowling, pieces, and the rest can be armed in thoing of their own princes; but these expressions aredue partly t o the fact that our ruler- is a lady, andpartly to the uxiversal satisfaction which is felt in the DEP ARTURE OF TUE if RINUE O F W ALES. into the interior that you are able tojudge of the whole meantime-with lances. working of our national institutions. The fervor ofEi-gij»hloyaltydo*snotexpressthesensationofpo•fitieal comfort which so widely prevails. An eventlikethedepartureofthe Prince ofWales isafitoc- lyforihisaddress. Youmaywelllookbackwithpride which,proceeding bytheseasaore,tendstowardMes-; request of 'the Canadian Legiehtture, and his visit will Soldiers, both Engbsh atd native, I bid yon all fare- wound received last year"in the plains of Lorabardy illustrate not only tibo loyalty of these prosperous prov- well; ana I rscord, HB m v latest word, that t h e while with Garibaldi, G*n. Tiirr was nursing his shac- . - incc-s, bat the immense extent o f British dominion aad bravery and endurance of which I h*ve spokon with te. ed health at tiie baths of Aqai when Garibaldi sum- t h e d e e p - l a i d f o u n d a t i o n s o f B r i t i s h p o w e r . A f t e r * a a d m i r a t i o n c o u l d n o t a l o n e h a v e e i ^ u r e d BUC e s s . m o n e d b i s f r i e n d a n d f o l l o w e r t o c o m e a u d h e l p t h e voyageif3,000miles,onwhichhewilldailyseethe Tfcatbnvcesswasowingix>agreatmeasaretoyoar Siciliansintheirstruggle..Gen.Tiirrdidnothesitateday. I-ii the Stock Exchange loans o n Governmenttotimeyoucanobserveonthene,$k:ofamountain securitiesureofferedat3to3Jpercent.' "'Miramon'sfriendsevenhavebutlittleconfidenceclneteiB o f white hoaees perched up among woods and The disturbances in Syria-and the proposed interven- in his being able t o extricate himself, inas *<uch a s gardens, Jor wherever tin re is a river near everytuing tion of France, affect Turkish, securities. I n foreign there is but one leasib'e road leading oat of the marsh-l i v e s w i ' h a n e x u b e r a n t l i f e — t h e c a c t u s , t h e a l o e , t h e e x c h a n g e s , t h i s a f t e r n o o n , t h e r e w a s a s b g h t d e c l i n e i n vine,thefig,andalmondtrees,withflowersBach,asnotile attack,-the approach to them through a garden. Hambuig gold is two-tetths per cent dearer thau in were in command of ;Gen. Vez, aud numbered some What astonishes you is to see so'much cultivation aud London. T h e shtucs o f t h e Union Bank o f 400 cavalry and 800 infantry, and had with them 12, sofewvillagesand towns—miles and miles ofcorn- London this morningwere quotedwidely,20 to 24,piecesofartl'lery. - •fields before yon find an inhabited place. The insecur- and the dealers generally refused to do business at that " At the City of Mexi<\>, the defeat of Miramon was i t y f o r c e d p e o p l e , t o h e r d t o g e t h e r , a n d p r i c e . L a t e r i n t h e d a y t h e r e w a s a b e t t e r f e e l i n g , a n d r e c e i v e d b y t h e L i b e r a l s w i t h g r e a t j o y , b u t i t d o e s n o t yon could n o t understand h o w they c a n the final quotatioi s were 24 to 25. i n the itailway appear tha: ibeie was any oatt>r«ak. _ „ from rogreat adistance. attend to their markettheprincipalfeaturehasbeenariseof|per •i"Tbe fortwnrepresentativeswhohaveAoaiiy fields,didjounotfindnowandthenalittleround •centinLancashireandYorkshire.LondonandNorth- withdrawnfromalldiplomaticintercoursewiththe structure of weeds, something like an Indian wigwam Western and Great Western have also improved, espe- Government o f Miramon, are Mr. Mataews of.GreatJbonzonstuddedwiththesailsofhisnativecountry, and with the ocean steamers which are perpetually sweeping along this greatest track of the world's com- rxtree, tiie Prince may cast anchor in the noblest har- bor of North America, and see the UnionJack flyiog over barrack and custom-bonse, and redcoated sentries cahxting,justashetawthemtendaysbeforeatanEn- gtish. port. Or he may en«er from the ocean at once on t o t e e c o u r s e o f t h e S t . L * a w r e n c e , a n d p a s s t h e f a r m sand settlements of a people strange to us in race, relig- Jon,andlanguage,butnowlivingcontentedlyandloy- allyunderthescepterofQueenVictoria. Furtheron he will come on the pure stock of the Eoglish race, the emigrants of the latt forty years, increased and multi- plied I n a mam er which even the United States have sot tbhUtd. For hundreds o f miles he will see the worksoftheir,industry,andintheirnew and flourishing towns h e will observe a-' pop- ulationeasen'ially'likethatoftheoldcountry,hot-house can produce, roses and oleanders i n full theiateson Holland. There were n o bullion opera-bloom, not shrubs, but trees. ' The towns and villages, tions of any importance a t the Bank to-day. T h elike.eagtes' nssts, are perctied up high, and secure from outgoing steamer, with t h e Bombay mail,' o n Mexico, also, end all >he available troope of both cities-, but in soece degree changed in appearance by the cli- mate, a n d i n customs b y t h e neighborhood o f the Amerkau JBepu^Hc Those who read the'Prince's prcgr*s* may reflect that for more thao 2,000 milesbauted his remaining strength, and tho very first nightof his departure from Palermo a violent indammation wa\mg corn upon them, canuot b« plowed, but must be TRANSFER OF''THE GALWAY MAIL CONTRACT.. oftbechest,withconvulsivecoughandspictingofworkedbymanuallabor.Youhavebeenaccustomed TheLondonTimessaysitisstatedthepropooalof blood," declared itself. Despite of the urgent advice, of to the lazy Pakrmitan begg„r, and hod au idea tnat tie the Canadian Government t o take a transfer of the all t h e medical men of t h e division, h e would n o t biohans m the interior were rather worse, and now Galway mail contract and to pay £2b0,000 in cash, abandon the post confided to him, and persisted in pro-, yon see an incredible amount of production for a small has been accepted by the Directors of the AtlanticFROMST.DOMINGO CITY. + •'lively deniejd—Thrpmgtbod thereofColumbia,thedominionsoftheBritishCrownex-tend; that primeval forests, vast lakes, and rivers t h e erpool: eooreesofwbiJharelostineternalsnow,formpartof PAT.ERHO,June24,I860.in,andallowhimselftobetransportedback-toPaler- rarelyseensomuchproductionwithsuchscautyuiotna TbeCanadianauthoritiesintendtheservicetobecon*mo. The moruing of the day before yesterday the ot laoor. The soil repays it amply. I have ooauted cucted by the Montreal Ocean Steam Company, the About 3,000 emigrants had arrived from Venezuela.sentth«Q'HN it .»«<m« «»<H have the saXiOTd-LieT«t! veillsnre of • theHoui-fho—The h"X a Brittany'^" A n)o»« noble, viv^< easilv enabl shrink from 100th ^ear o ous Chateau well koo*Mi ofWisdom.'—Tre tierrived at o ngant &Hv*«!e)for half au h^together 1;.1; \-:'\£ ? ^ o f ^I "iTM"? K r causehasexcited.amongyou.Lotthat the conscription bad frightened them, and, above•<.. ,/earscics,uddresscdaletiertotilePope,declaringtluttho TheauthoroftheFromemurderremainsundis- Untitled Document! l C t t f f i ? 7 l ^%tomk* tbeob-Ipathywhichour jSaiirydiscipline, the foundation of all military virtue, which for one moment to reoyond to the appeal. Named Ad-4 • In tbe mean tia.e, however, Miramon had mauaged to get woro not only to Gaudalajara, but to the City ofI trust will never be r laxed.CL YDE, General Commander-in-Chief.TO ITALY.WHO in this later day shall dare ariseTopiercethecloudthatoverhangsthyskies, Fair, trustful Italy ! .? Too long begiu edByonewhotreatstbeelike*poutingchild,, Breakoffthe.paintedhandleofhiswnip,And spring no more to kiss that frothy lip: Alone in Garibaldi place thy trust,There >halt thou find a guardian brave and just. WALTER SAVAGE LANDOILITALY.jutant-General of tbe force; he exerted himself to get the expedition started from Genoa. I t was owing tounder Nos. 4 and 16:coast i s quite clear, bewde which, a s t h e steamersde rue. ix oicuy w a sr a good Government, which would encouraffe in-•••:;-;••';«&«*1(«NEW-YOR&DAI£Y -TlffitittEF^si^ JTJLY 24, iseo.England remember that she has no really, siweere ally all the women had begun a strong opposition. Every j felt great agonyol^mind, .and. impTorinc ^rice-ybntcovered. The greatest exertions are making to unravel '< ihemysUry. Tbe Wagi*trH*,e* nre pursuing an exten-I _—Tho-* hamhernk d g e / ' <8 —Mayo ofbisofiit visit to biiOnsly rick cientl> to andtneca'—It. i*l ZJooavesi^ coin,atftj—Mr. j Ckkstan-iiam, 8ir, very truly yours, vG . GARIBALDI.suade the women, and thus by degrees people thawed,but o h *he whole, the temperature never passed a to Tcligion, to lhe honor of his house, to justice, to law, tols M 2 ? ^ f *&&&&&$ J»*7 11. 1860.-~OWK ^NAPLESANDSICILY^On the 1st iost. the new Neapolitan Ministers pre-the"National"Guard,therewastbecomplaintabout want o f arms, Jib one t o organize, the hardest, and•'-/:;;; • Th«M—ir PARIS/JulyH,I860.: ; .io^lro^^iS^P^S!^ •my letter: but the latest intelligence we have bere is of ns, may learn from this'.visit, and that is th*t nei- your Ttijnx the commencement, o f a «r-at and glorious by •stray squadre, which after their retnrn were still of the fall o f Zableh, a large Christian town of tenfeHefimon, which, a week before, could muster nearly Centurion, 80, Capt. Henry G . Rogers, C. B.; t h e time suspended on account of some deplorable eve its that they bad nothing to complain of him. However two thousand fighting m e n . These poor creatures Edgar,91,Capt.JamesE.Katon;theAlgiers,91, whichiiisnotapropostorecallto-day,ithasneverthe- welldisposedthecourt-martialmayhavebeentomake weretbefirsttobringtoBeyroutdetailedandtrue less never been abrogated, as has been the case in some accounts of the bloodthirsty ruffianhsm of their Drase European citates. It seeuis to t»»e undersigned that i t an example, alter this siraoge result nothing remained eiemies, and oltbe feurfol treachery of the local Turk-ceive with gratitude this new pledge o f the King for the inauguration of the constitutional regime.{Here follows the signatures ol the ministers.]... On the same day the King issued decrees in cbn- sonance with the above advice of his ministers, con-'those who * omplain now. While these latter remained be a place of the utmost possible interest, for it wasvPoking tbe ateem >lage o f the National Parliament of Now, tbej are sent home, and requested t o becomeNaples for tbe 10th o f September, restoring also the peaceful National Guards, or enliei; n o wonder that laws of 1848 and 1849 with regard t o the freedom of some have some difficulty in doing this, and that herelatter having been buil«vhi«fly by tneir owu conttibu Government is midV.rtakiug gigantic works ia order t otions. Of tbai Protestant community, which a fort- render tbe famous quadriJateial perfectly impregnable.night ago was full of spiritual as well as material life, A i V e r o n a *a e voTM* are directed,by fourteen emrineer Ltbe Ariadne, will nrvt aoly take the Osborne i n tow. TheFlyingFishhasgoneontoNewfouudland.{By Eleatrk and International Telegraph. ]atKxrr and with ». more WoHhy Mid r.-guUr tone. Th« ftook in luied by the Impregnable and other sbips in Hamoaze. at Malta, the following letter:Jhumaioxa.—Th* market for ProvUlou* la generally doll and The Plymouth Citadel saluted. A t 8£, when t h e which has been conferred upon me within the last few astic reception, with balls, dinners, ..illuminations, and When he saw that tne Chrietiaus were gaining tbe dayhe called them back, and in the name of the Wultan or- dered them to retire within the seralgio (alarge building coveringnearlyanacreofground,andcontaininga residence o* the com coander, as well as the barrack], and• iBtervtdtkm lately upheld by England. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.i <5B*»-coaatry: • ." To-day a n event i s t o take plaejpwhich will s ostronglymovethefeebogsof maltitadea#atnoteven the coyest and most cynical will be able to regard it with uncoDwrn. The Prince of Wales will leave thefcboreeofEnglandtovisit,asherMajesty'srepre- sentative,oneofthemostimportantcoloniesofthe British crown, and, i n a more prioate capacity, t oW alts, accompanied oy Princesa Alice, Princess Louisa,.,• rion into that of active usefulness, that the utUiiariau G«ey. where I am. I n order t o facilitate your search, I bight*,- the town was illuasinated. Meat and winewhev affected to disregard its doingH would only show The Prince Consort and the Prince of Wales em-, muBt tell you tbat 1 am writing to you from one o f were oft'ejed iu theNuame of the town to the men, and how httle he understood bis own philosophy. There barked in imdiatbly, and th e rojal yacht left Cowes those picturesque towns iu the interior, nestled on the the tflkers.werefeusted by their landlords. No doubt,Garibaldi has addressed to Rnggiero Settimo,"the ex-MhJdrhj*Jl»bi>«3$d,«ndreport-twaurkc;toT*V»>clo^d yacht,whichhoveinsightat7o'clock,andwassa-PresidentoftheSicilianGovernmentof1848,residingandmagnifythseethingswehaveproofeverymoment.onthethirddrivingbacktneenemy.HithertotyeastbeDukepotsestesanimmensefertuue,thegreaterport it crtiauawd at 1^2C,0»)0 balea, of w tdoh I ,(H9,00O are Am«r-Thus, while the colua-n was a t Viliaf.ate the news commander of the Turkish troops bad stood aloof, al- came in that a place about ten miles distant called Prizi thoogh—a* was the case a t Sidon,.at Deir-el Kamar,Most esteemed and dear friend: I f there be a favorBax*D«Torro.--Tbemarket,forBre«d«tmTai*generally aimsoftheHero,St.GeorgejEmerald,andAriadue. frar-ttdbyProvidencetbatoaghttomakeaman wasthreatenetibyaband.Abattalionwasdispatched andatJRasbeiya—hebadtroopsenoogaathiscommandOn rounding tne wettend of the Breakwater tne yard-mtm*4y,hu«quiet Comba*anaivaacingtendency. intheSound,weremanned,andthethreelasc-n&med umblewithimmensegratitude,it_iscertainlythat tosee,and,itstead«ftitdingbaudsfoundaneuthasi- torepelanddefeattheDrases,hadhesowished.JPxoncc*.—The Fro luce nuuItet ia wkbnut clutage of mouieni*island, yet I can' see already tbat it ia not until you getThe following is the reply o f his R >yal Highness t o Sicilian movement. The idea with which we had been impressed at Pa- this i n ferochy and cowardice. I n half an hour up- theaddrttfSofthoCorporationofDevonport: Asyouknow,therearethreecolumnswhichatthis lermo,.tjhatweshouldfindabadspiritintheinterior, wardofathousandstrongmenwerehabkedtodeath. "Ma. MAYOR AJJD G£NTLi.j«EN—1thank you warm- moment are on their way through the island—one tarns out the very reverse; the idea which was im- Some few tried again to escape, but were driven back presseduponusaboutthewildnessandpoornessof the bythebayonetsottbeTurkishsoldiers(regulartroops, country i s likewise false. A t Mibilmeri, which h a s not Basbi Buzouks), and the Draaej had tneir revel ofFROMMEXICO.casion for its manifestation. tbat to mdi-y colonists have embarked o n their.great sina; the second, which passes right through the heartREVERSES OP M1RAMON.The V eraCiuz C4)rrepoudentof TheN.O. 11,000inhabitants,thehousesare.tittlebetterthan bloodundisturbed; mothers,wives,daughters,and writingenthe4thin*t,sajs:Picaynne,.-. Thefirstthoughtsthatstrikeusonlearningthatanmissionfromjturst-ores. Itshallnotbemyfaolcif1 oitbecoumrv,byCaitanise'tatoCatania;andattiird, EngfahPrinceistocrossthe ocean toreceiveChere- failto conveytoourbrethrenacrossthe Atlantic the whichtraversetheislanoinasoutherlydirection.from ' speets <f his future subjects in the cities o f another ft'eJii gs tntertaineo by the Queen and the people of Palermo t o Girgr-nti, and then will'unite .with t h e • * hemisphere a r e t h e miglrvy destiny o f t h e Empire EngUnd for the descendants oi ttose m«u, and for the second. Behind these three columns ia Garibaldi, or-hovels,dir;y,wantingineverycomfort,with scarcely youngchildrenwitnessingfromabovethemassacreofany furniture, little to eat, and that bad. A t Villafrate, their relatives. Icould-enter into more details, bat sicken '.-«I send you by the Snff Ik, which i s about to sail, which baa but 3,000, thiiigs were already a little better; at the task. Would t o heaven that it were a fable or the latest, official accounts, from which you will be able1 which has founded these communities, and the fitness <ouxtries which ihey nave founded. 1 go to the great ganizing new divisions aud new reserves.at Palermo. at Rcccapaiumboj a little place oi 1.800 inhabitants, all a dream ! In the slaughter, some few hid in out-of-the- to form a somewhat correct idea as to the chances ofof themonarchical system for giving a political unity poee*s»ior8 of the Qneen in North America;with ato so- many various »nd widely sundered States. I t lively anticipation of the pleasure which thesig'at of aThe middle column, the nucleus of which consists of the Caccia ori delle Alpi who came with the first expe- dition, was the first to start. I t s composition was theofficers were well lodged', there'was plenty noeat, and way chambers—utners eocaped notice from being the copending parties. The retreat of Gen. Miramoa even the means of getting something like a wash. heaped ever by the dead, and these by God's mercy has created a profound impreeskn a t the capital, and Now-1 and many others are lodged in better and managed in the night to escape/wandered down to the the Conservadores are, inconsequence, in very low clearer apartments Thau at Palermo. 1 am writing in coaet, where one Ali B*-y, a Mecuali chief, protected epirits and about pronouncing in tavor of the Coustita-a large and neatly-furnishtd saloun, with a piano and them, and so to Tyre, where they took ship to Beyroat, tional Goven meut.armchairs, have slept in an elegant braas bed with clean and arrived bere on Saturday evening, the 16th inst. ''Another large, failure has, taken place, viz: The fide linen, .and, fancy, had my cold bath this morning! Of the fate" of the women and children nothing is yet eminei t tanking, bouoe o f Torre & Co., former part- Hit. got s <n like tbis w e shall end with palaces aud certain, but, from what i s known of .the Turkish ner of Jtcker. Torre & Co., retired some years ago- every luxury instead of the privation which-we ex- soldiers, it iafeared that the fate of the former willbe wi<h a large, fortune.;need hardly be said that till the present age the old nuble land, great works o f nature and of human skill,countries of Europe did not appreciate this power, and and a generous and active people must produce; aud 1 work of less than a fortnight. In this time the cadres.country and good living exerts .its influence on t h e day. Jt would appear that'a. smaller portion of the of Gnaoalajara a n d Guanajuato, where, a t last ac- spirits of the soldiers, and it is a real pleasure to see dividend money comes forward for reinvestment, now counts (June 28), Miramon Was closely pressed with them march. Straggleru are ahhoso unknown, and the that the pressure of taxationt particularly of the In- but little prospect of escape.columns kefpbettertogether thaneverIsawthecol- cometax,istoheavy. Notwithstandingthe diffusion " Itappearsthatafter hisrecent double defeat,in umns of a regular army. of lhe divideud money, the applications at the" Bunk of his own person and io that of Geueral Ramirez, Mira-that tradition aid etiqaette, even more than the diificul- will endeavor u>bring home With ine such information bad to be made of the Ca^ciatori, Sicilian volunteersas may, in the future,he of use to me in all my as^o-iia- had to be en'istad and brought into shape, all had t o"% of KJDg« from making acqu-tintance widx some of the tiona with my countrymen. Again I thank yon for be clothed, the greatest part of them armed, artillerytk s of bxomotion, kept Kings and the sons and brothersmost attached o f their subjects. The Bourbons o f France and Spain had great posseraiona abroad,for which they fought a n d intrigued, made treatiesyour good,, wishes for my safe voyage and happy r e - turn."ftprepared, t h e departments o f the iutendauce, ambu-hincej and trannfiort organized; in one word, all thatmachine! y which is reqnuedior a column in march had pected. one worse than death. O f the Protestant community, " Zuloaga has escaped from Miramon, reported him-and broke them, a n d formed coalitions, o r LORD CLYDE'S FAREWEL TO THE INDIAN to be got ready and made to work. Not only is the interior bettt r disposed than the noisy not a man escaped, but imore than one of the Greek: self to Degollado, and pronounced in favor of the Lib-'ibade defiance tothealliances of their rivals. v Colonial dominion w a s , indeed, t h e hobby o frulersinthelastcentury,andexercisedthegreatest influence over the mind o f Napoleon himself, who looked upon Continental conquest bat as the stepping-^ stone to the pesset^ion of Mexico and Peru, the Brazils and the Spice lslax.de, and whoae notion of mortally > wounding England consisted during his whole life in <l% Franco-kutsian invasion o f India. But neituer the ,fKmga of Spam and the Indies nor the masters of Old ^S and New France, ever thought o f their subjects in the I Western World as worthy the light of the royal pres- ence. Our own royal family was for the most part > juat as stationary. King Wilfiam IV .. indeed, visitedARMY . ThefollowingisLordClyde'sfarewellorder:Ifoneoftheroutinesoldiershadseenthecolumn capitaltodosomethirg,butitisricher,andIwouldal- Christianrefugeesleavewitnesshowtheymettheir erals. Gen.Miramon-sbrotfcerwascaught,tiedby start, h e would have .prognosticated dissolution in a most say more civilized. Since we left Missilmeri I fate, exhorting others t o turn t o the Savior, and to his soldiers, and tbe troops tben went over to the Lib-1:,forsometimeCommander-in-Chiefin North America. *, Bat these weie exceptional eases, audit may-be said •-'thatneversincethefoundationofooloniesinAmsri^aiOnleavingthiscountry, I take theopportunityof atleaattwiceaswellorganized whenitleft Misilmerithankirg the officers and soldiera of the two services fortheirvalorandendurance soseverelytried,%has it entered the thoughts o f European rulers to ex- especially in the early p*rt of the insurrection..Asforthescenery,itisthefinestyoucanimagine— Englandwereenormous, hxthegeueralma>ketthemonsucceedinmakinggoodhisescapetothesalt reminiscences of Palermo are becoming weaker; the. a continual succession of magnificent valleys auo grand supply o f money was more liberal, and t h e best bills marshes of Sayula, wher* h i s situation at tiie last ac-tendtheirinfluence»udtnatofthe mothercountryby . a viadt of kmdneas across toe ocean.- The tradition of ' immobility seems to have had among crowneo headsall the strength o f a religion, and it has b«en left forthe present bovereign o1 England t o break the Bpell ' S whieh cor. fined mouarchs t o the dull dignity of theirHistorydoesnotJurnishamore remarkableexhibi- volunteersget a taste forcampaiguitigina beautifulmouniain elopes. Intnedis«aucewehave been hith- weretakenmorereidilyat4percent.ADJUT ANT GKNEKAL'.S OKKITE. CALCUTT A. May 26, 1860. SThe .labors necessary to complete tho pacification of this Empire are now over.lew days,andutter.inabilitytoproceed. Linen blouses, trjusers in great measure ad libitum, shoes in- diil'ertnt nvt to say bud, " iniendauce'.' inexperienced, great longing for the fleshpots aud other attractions of Palermo*, a tendency in the volanteors to go backward and shout ratoer than t o proceed far ward and ulti-havenotseenmorethantwo.orthreebeggars.The article seems almost unknown. The country which X expected to find iarren and uncultivated, i s . a aueces- skm of corn-fields up to the tops of the mountains, broken only by magnificent olive woods. These morn- ing and eve.uiiig ridea are the most cnarming things you - . can imagine. • You must know that we nave adopted the Indian stj leof marching, viz.,late in the afternoon and very early in the morning, BOas to escape the heat,praytoHiminthen-lasthours."THE LATEST. »—,•erals,marchingagainstJalupaandRobles.4* Degolludo, Oxt*go, Paeblita, a n d Barrio Labal are about mari:hihg on the City o f Mexico, and thereis every reason to suppose they wtil carry the day, aadyou man look forward before long t o news from this •country that will astonish >ou."Thf following is from The Picayune of the 18th:tion of heroicwl reBia'ante to very adverse circumstan- ces than was shown by the British troops daring these mutinies.country; well received every where and feasted, th e organization works better and better every day,and all are beginning to look forward instead of backward.erto accompanied b y the picturesque, rugged main- cbain o f the Sicilian mountains, which traverse t h e whole island from Cape Gallo to tho Straits of Meesina.countswas88follows. WequotefromtheBulletinof the Federal Army :This has been settling day i n English funds, but thsmarket hasnoi experienced any material fluctuation. ties, completely commanded a l l t h e roads between?His Excellency the Viceroy has consented to permitthat I may res gu the command of btr Majesty's forces mately tofight.—vwrily,these were serious drawba ks;By Telegraph to Queenstown. From The Ismdon.Newt City ArtxcU, JulyW.in I'.dia, and retire to England iu search of a repose but the essential thhug was done: the column started. wbi« h my age and loDg SKr^ice demand. At Misilmeri'the column halted f o r three days to sup- Liex>t.-Ce»» Sir Hujgh Roee, G. C B., who conducted ply, as far as possible, what was wanted, and then con- most gleriouely a n important part o f the late cam- tinued its road to Vulafrute. It would bs untrue to say paigns, will assume t h e command in my place on the that all the volunteers remained, that all was got right, r • jBaJifax as a midshipman, and the Duke of Kent was 4th of June. or that nothkg more was wanttd; but the column was-"The opening of the morning's mail put us iu pos- sessii n of sti'i furtl er new<* from Mexico. Itprmci- which is very great during the day. The splendid closing quotations were a trifle below those of yester- paily coneerr s the late movements between th e citiesThe memory of their constancy and daring "willnever die oot in India, and the natives muse feel thatwhile Britain con ains such' Bins the rule of tiie Brit- activity and energy the formation of the division wasas at HBdepai ture three days ago, and every day since aconsiderableimprovementhastakenplace.TheThere has only been one drawoack hitherto, aud that \i the illness" of Gen. Tun-' the commander, to whoaeWhile we have this magnificent back ground t o o a r For a shoi t time there was a tendency to improvement M»ramou's camp and the city o f Guadalajara, so that left, wiih frequent glimpses of the sea, we wind up hill the supply of stock being less than was anticipated!reception rooms.*ThePrinceofWalesgoestoNorthAmericaattheishSovereignmustlastundisputed. aooveallowingStillaufteriugfrcmtheeffectsofthereach,andnowandthenanolivewood.Fromtime apprehended.'•mo^er.vte degree. When asked about the progress in and to all the sentiments which sovereigns are bound•torespect.".'.complaint8 were beginning about excesses committed•erreetiiti i i deced, andOf comn>' c «.• rsceived ap touching {devii, *nd i i*m dittr.-a Parisian h'. Trig, the o %.xary eo^riiiMurderaUepped f-T , more. O ubave pa>«e Opbiie G^u were, u n d romance. hire be* ob 2?OW, I «h> oppose t o'. Boheaianu Mttdemoige vevr* d'tii come, i n x shown theeclif se V —Tfceapcalled /on]i Acadian. £ there ebcub '. .eachprovin•of etiquette -coctinenT, r< etionette.JBonable perand as mucl -.stance'wlwill b e o Prince's vu it is so o r sentsitself in thta Prox pirc-d. be m eocialselfe portioncff theyare^oiOf Wales ol nesswilli-e of m*n' —a•phreoclvKy,Wa may I conviction bytheta become wis undeisio to speak -<j Eoybl H;gi "WhVn be b< dian coo>poi vcrsaticn. paper:tbe congsatalat'i cities, town ful del«g« 1 reouireiv balli>«a mi he sti^marijnemal arra."^"tis tm ofthepeop rich men <>f belorgtotfc pon themft ofWaltsan what wasti Ciearlj, it * ets and rai« it as txfi-m nobody wot is being <ior got up,, and may do so a possible, ' i t and po"ud Provinci;*.: Theu.too.t do not plea " hideous btefiect of the Tho editor! welcome tiit- tle format, 1Provincial ( absurd pre*! direction of of it, wr-i-.b Nova-Sc^ia—Qnren SaxoCoburj intheatprot an c2Cur>;o romantic tiei an oppor^m youth. Th> architectare4 roundingur pa»»ing,a*ti nobleman'^ p— A F i e r c e coat of mail, manahip i* thou.-aud trS like a shirt. able.' .—The Ea? P r i n c e InM>* .where, it L*fiete.*ti*t.iICajeetieH « iward make> isaid to. be disposed t o follow their trade of living at thousand inhabitants, mto >he hands o f those blood- the expense of the country, although there was n o t thirsty hordes of Drnses who bave invested the townt and to :lrave 4touft complete responsmi , ;ilitv5 Government *- -— '- — -'- ' " ""tbeexcuee o f defending the country against the Nea- for six dayB. The Christians fought bravely, but were politans. outnumbered; and, ol the Turkish troops s-nt to as- As chance would ba^b i t , half a dozen o f these sifttbem, ht»lf halted some miles short o f the^ place,the Frenchcalled Santo Meli, who had been a month ago arretted " A s the Austrian steamer t o Trieste was leaving atKenna for exaction. The opportunity seemed good this on the 16th inst., a boat-load of men wearing, notfor an example They w»-re arrested by the order of blood-Btained, but blood-saturated garments, arrivedbeforeacourt-martial.Theinterrogatorybegan,when,'number,wereallthatremainedoftheChnstianmalepriie«'«^BOfloatingc«rg'>e«offthecoant.Maizeunalt»-.r«<LBar- J«ylo good demand a t U»« rat««. Uat». where lav-davi arm short, cleared atMonday'* iate«, but landed parcel* not pressedhabi, . . , . - . . ,It, is tbey who kept the insurrection alive, and not Church. To Prote^tan^ Christendom, Hasbeivashouldconstitutionally. ^ ' The Emperor Napoleon gave audience on Sunday to 'tbe Count d e V aranne. who has arrived on a speciat mission from Gen. Ga ibaldi, the Viceroy of Sicilv.AUSTRIA. J J ' Accordmg t o accounts froui Trieste, the Austrian lhis management that the expedition, which had to malaria, which infests.all the lowlands, and from hos- Thursday, will take n o specie. A t Paris aud were, marching to his asrit-tance. Tboee from Mexicoleave wi'tn veiy little ammunition supplied this wanton tbe road, and at the same time obtained four gunsinthemost-unexpected manner. He wasthefirsttonet loot oh tbe soil of Sicily, *.nd has been foremost ina l l t k e a c t i o n s w h i c h l e d t o t h e t a k i n g ' o f P a l e r m o a n dtheeva^ua'i^nof that place. Named Inspe-t ^-Gen-eraloitheNationalArmyinSicily?andchargedwiththeorganizationoftheFirstDivision,heundertookand completed the work, but a t the expense of hishealth. During the last few days of herculean lal>or,. or an English beti-tent of reed,-win th e grouud e x - cially the latter. Other stocks were dull, and occasion- Britain, M. Do Lnundeof France, M.Gaguer of Prus- in spite.of strong symptoms o f serious illness, ne ex-BIB column has since been proceeding on its doublepride of a Prince who is called upon to govern a whole would sail under British colors, tbey could o m e in mission, military and political. The interior of Sicily has done, there would be soon n o necessity to search In the Central Criminal Court. William Macfail, a ettie the difficulties aruiug freed a n attempt to raisestead of btiihog industry and trade, a s the Neapolitan came a law on the 3d inst. - „ , • , •-< „ astern of colonies, mom than one o f which may be- like so many others which arrived before the Neapol- Inttf at all times had the credit of being the most unman- lor graiu ou the Danube and on the Blauk Soa. With law writer; iivingin Berwiqk-on-Tweed, was cha<-gedcome a rivtd«f Canada; with citiee that vie with Mon- itans had left. agable part of the island—wild, poor, uncultivated; aud reservoirs to ktep what is now wasted by the torrents' with having committed perjury before the. Parlia- As for tbe price, I accept that montioned in your let- this not an opinion entertained atone by foreigners, but and artesian wellu, two crops could be eaeily obtained mentary Committee appointed to consider the affairs oftbe value of the paper money, and from other causes. FOUND DHOWNKD.--Abont M o'clock o n Mondayter for each of them, delivered at Palermo. The price it is one which jou hear constantly repeated oy people i" a year.who have large property i n t h e island. As with all ^ I t e t t f on the north of the border, the Prince o f will be paid as soon as the steamers arrive here. unknown things, there has been a great deal of errorSV al^ appears kr the high capacity of heir and repre- The larger steamers (Nos. 30, 31, &».), which you and misrepresentation iu this reapec. 1 have seen'but" , , ;•——•tho last election for that town. The Jury were locked up, but about half-past 10 last night returned a verdict of "Notguilty." ,n;orntLg, the body of a man nauM'd \Vun Pelrie WM dlnoovereA floating ia the- wat»r at tho f>>ot of Wanblugton rtreat, J e n e y City. The d«cea*<d wu« U»t »ee>i ou Saturday near the place,•THE POPE AND THE KING OP NAPLES.Jn^SvecHheBriTishXJrown,anothertask-asgrate- recommendasfittocarryguns,areunfortunatelybuilt asmallportionasyet;butateverystophithertothing* TheGior?utkdiRomahaspublishedthesovereign ItissandtiiattheEmperoroftheFrenchauthorized eu<iappearedtob*intoxicated. Anhewanamauofveryla«Mtb0*&mxMg*mt*>, will devolve o n hhn when of iron, which is a decided objection to their being u*ed the formation of a Na ional Rifle Association, like thut l l imteS the termory o f the American Republic W e for warlike purposes. What we want in this respect become better intteadof worse, and in every respect. act of the King o f Naples without the slightest com- in England. The person under whose direction it willtenipntate habita, it ia probable tbat be fell into the water lu at- tempting logo on board a acbooner which waa lvUi(( near. Cor- oner Gamey lmpatineled a Jury, and a verdict o f " found drowned" w u reudeiW.CouNTKKKKiT Bn.r.s —Thomas Cuuuiogbam a n dPatrick MolDetry, reaidt-nta of Brooklyn, were y*aterday a*. re»tea, ohaiged with having- on three oocaaiona paaaed counter- feit uiouev on Mary Kuiuhardt of rso. i U Ceutre atreet. Their laat attempt, made yeatvrday with a worthleaa * 3 bill of tho Farmer*' and Mechanic*' B»uk of B -rliuxton, resulted in their detection,andJuatioeWelahoommlUeduiembothfortrial.^ v ^ r e d ^ w i S o u t miich arrogance, that thu, virit are the gunboats yon have in England. I f you oould I find that the feeling improves at every step. Misil- do something in that way—above aD, if you could get meri, only eigbt miles fron Palermo, was cool in thoment. • .••:•,.;;.•;,:.;'., '\-"v'•>,;./.•'/,/: ;...,-." •. .•;'.;.","•b.e placed is Mr. Jules Gerrard, tbo famous liourkiller.some of tbem fully armed—I should not hesitate to give reception o f the troops. Wtun they arrived a night a good price for them. nothing was prepared; the bread wan not reaiy, tabA letter from Rome o f the 30th nit., iu the Monda (Lltramoutanejouinal), says: -The Timeshm a leader on the Galway Steam Packet Company, whi«h, it says, is in extremis.The Swiss Riflemen .have issued a grateful addressstores had to b e fetched from outside, aad every faceIand assure you that l a m deeply eensibleibr the sym- was of uncommon length. On inquiry; it was found tho menaces o f t h erevolution and to foroigu oxitfen-In conclusion, let me thank yon for your good wishes,The King of Naples, at tho moment o f ceding to on their departure from England for the hospitality shown. '.''•'.;i *2Te»t,G«fon» Mr. Kent's bon^bold has been ex- ' ternalexpressions,butdidnotfailtopointoutthe ^ffi!«SSfeaiofonnationtendiegtofixsuspicionondangerstowbkh concessionswould subjecthis *nymdividoal. rTHE CJVTL• W AE IN SYRIA..'".•'•&.BejroutcorreepondentofTheLondon Daily Delta,with tire ^ p f f i ^ y j j . - .News, in a l*tter dated June 21, writes as follows:" Wou?d that I bad better news wherewith to openM^dilerranean mails, amVedoffthe N^dtes a?5 Sis * morning* ,•'.•,'.''•.-',«%^-• "•'"•* *•A.K.1H 'TtilirTtin order not to obstruct the free actioncf-k* TnAt.h"'i —The 1 di«y>or»i'nbut to tend the prisoners t > Palermo to be tried for the ish authorities. The tale I giye you is taken from theoffeme of which tbey bad been accused before, but very words o f tbe men themselves, examined sep- r e i g n . • ;''•'••is at once a siuuj;le and logical idea that this s-vatateshould be restored in fall vigor. I n doing this yourMtijes;y will find agreeable-and facile the work ofwhich yon desire your States to receive the benefit.The foreigner will adn ire the wisdom of the sovereignin this noble decision, and your peoples, without hav-ing io wait for a new document, wfll learn with t h e the expense of th« country; but one ought to be jnBt. Christian souls, chiefly o f t h e Greek ,.' orthodox perj am &oi hieprtdeceesors, who also swore to jrovern . greatest interest what are their franchises, and will re-two nen now live t o tell th e tale of their Dutchery; officers havmg under th*ir orders an entire regimeot Ol > ai-dtheretbeyfiiameansofgettingsomesoudicutof whileoftheir4,000GreekfellowChristians,but33 engineers.But that it is mere fear ai d imaginaaon which inventwho have been delivered. And yet a melancholy voice There was great talk likewise of the fear from bands,but to give up their arms, as he, the local representative of Majesty's Govf rnment to take part in a Conference.YourarrivalinSn-ilywillbethefinestofournational? whichwasaproof,of^oodwill,buthadtheincon- thesixthday,aftertheirbeingdisarmed(duringwhich venience o f creating considerable excitement among time the Turkish soldiers,had preveated any o f themourhorses.Otherdetachmentsofpetpienearertothe fromleavingtheprecinctsoftheseraglio),twoDrare town came on foot, shouting and cheering. A t tho. sheiks of great intluer ce arrived, and had a conferencefete*.—YOWR, affectionately, ' TBEINTERIOROFSICILY.Correspondtno* of The London Times.G.GAKIIJALI.not a single fact on which to proceed; nay, during the stay of tne column a brother of tne man arrested a t Villafrate came toask fora certificate ofprobity.arw-es from ihe multitude: Rnggiero Setomo does nutappear; the father of the Sicilau people the veteran ofthenational independence, theveuerable exileianothere to sbaTe in the universal satisfaction. The home- Enthusiasm, National Guard, and levy go together, returned, gave up their arms, which were immediately steadofthepatriarchofItalianlibertyisemptf. and inthe last stationthefirstwasconsiderable,the packedupandsent towardDamascas,butwithsoab-Come; man of Sicily, to, sweJ1thejoy of.your people second already in formation and almost entirely armed, who • remained worthy o f you, who. suffered tor ten and the third ready wnen called out.surdly small aa escort, that the Druses touk possessionof both the muskets and the mules that carried them amounts to 400. The army is being paid a t the samelongyears allthat the mostatrocious tyrannycould inflict, but who did not bend the knee before a proudwithinanhouroftheirleavingtheplace. The Chris- tian* asked again and again to be s»nt with th«ir fami-This was settling day in the Consols market. T h eFrom The J^ondon Times (City Article).and down hbl among cam-fields as far as the eye can There has again been a good demand for discount to- not even acouner can pass wituout the risk of being;cavated as in the Crimea. With «tili greater astonish- ally a alight decline i s shown, the market being, less sia, Mr. Pastor of Ecuador, and Mr. Barrio of Guata- steady at one period oftiie d a y .—The mix mentyouseethatallthosegrandniuuutuinblouea,with mala,andDeanofthePi>lomaticcorps tomarryaGARIBALDI PUR PHASING STEAMERS.The following letter from Garibaldi has been re- cetding to Vnlafrate, where he arrived dangerously ill. number of in habitants.. Of course-, a model farmer Royal M M Company and there is reason to beheve above place, we have dates t o the 6th inst. BusinessBy the brig Helen Jane, Capt. Rogers, from the -westward,totheshoresofthePacificandtheriversceivedbyMi.ThomasParker,oommiacionagent,Liv-AnothermoieviolentcrisisforcedhimatlasttogivewouldUmuphisheadattheimperiections,butIhavetheHomeMoniticrwillrecommendittoParliament.wasverydull.Thehealtiloftheplan*wasgood. ofWak*'svimm houidJess territory; aad that, fit iasit is to be the Sin: I received your letter of the 9th inst contain- before tbe hotue occupied by him in Villafrate, anxious grams in one. 1 begin to understand that Sicuy was koineof nearly the wnole present papulation o f Eu- ing your list of steam packets for sale. to have another look a t their chief, who, although a tee granary-of -Rome. The Crimean war and tae war rope,itisbutaprovinceofthatempirewhichtheEa- ittankyoaforyour offer,and amquitewillingto Hui.garian,isoneofthemostpopularnienintheforce, mItalyhavegivenagreatimpulsotothe production,»lofficers and many men were assembledatdaybreak someofthe earsofwheat, and loundasmanyas97portofdeparture!tobe Galway,and theporesofarri- val Quebec, ai d Portland in Winter. ^The Atu onomical Rtyal Scientific Expedition landed fromtheHimalayaatBilbao, atnoononMonday,9thGen. Santana was ontheline between Hayti and! St. Dommgo, witq 3,000 troope, and ready to declare waragainst the Baytiahs,Gen.Geffrardhavingtres- passed on his dominions. A skirmish had taken place at Cercado, on J one 30. The British Consul, Mr. T . W . Wood, had gone, by the request of the Haytiaus, tojri&h race has built u p over the world. Such a coun- follow your saggestion about the steamers mentioned with whom b e has shared weal and woe. Many a «o that n»iliions of dacats have found their way into Jhry- . /The new act to check English insolvents from avail- ing theu selves of the Seotoh Sequestration Courts be-£-> a s British North America, with such a people, might content t h e most ambitious roler who ever founded a colony. What may, then, be the legitimatehardy Cacciatore had tears in his eyeH when the car- Send them out as soon as possible to Palermo. T h e riage roDed off. -waythe Lockets of the landlords. I f Sicily was once un-n ^LONBOK STOCK EXCHANGE.Vienna.> GERMANY.••' The Liberal forces, div.'ded up into guerrilla par-e s , a n d t h a t h - a d s i i p t o t u e C o r d i l l e r a s , w h i c h a r e stronglyoccupiedbytheConstitutionalists.'amorjf tbe Q ., t <-. ... . **•*•• • • .tThomasM.Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069A-^^^^M^^^m^i mm www.fultonhistory.com^^M^^^^§^ 'MW^^^f*^*^t^m^M'^ W^*$&^ MribMHaaH^m ^MaMaaaaaaaaaaaB 