 e>- sUl-sole *- te >oelITIT» i,'9to33IOdd 5-id7:h9eidtstoe,alsie-OTtneam3dis•o-X-g* 18.' de 10It, er 9S e-2.ar rs. orres iai re- K9d CM UST-Jne>7-rerV© .tor h«- im'vohVi-ta'&*ged » d l a>Uy..:*fc-&*•at. irs,to-i>. a-. :btrer ad bei-jii feein a^>D(S iw »ptTCBAC, Jan. 28, 1860.of mails during the last fortnight has been«noh interrupted* b y bad roads and freshets," had intrusted them to secure immediate liberty to cva&ibyncMfings&owsonthemocmtainsidesand "theslave."Itreferredtotherecentabolition,ofIf was with no little surprise, therefore,^that I saw in his hand this morning one of those sheets that spendpeople would, where the Catholics were in %iatQM&fi ''*." ent parts of the Statte by certain ladies engaged in;the Court of Appeals, &<?. This all sounds well, hut there Should not the majority rule l And it mayie?tM<*,rr **"**TotheEditorofTheA*.Y.Tribune.Six: Will you beao kind a« to inform ui tn thw quarter, what•'I•'* .••••tjw-ir forces a t IJres, t h e capital, with the design *f overthrowing Pesquiera and his Government, bvt the Liberals, anticipating an outbreak, suc- CHrdfi) in rendering their attempt a complete fail- ure, 'lw o of their principal leaders, Garcia and <;u'r!«*-r>, Tfcre afterward arrested and shot.In t-ioaloe, a t last accounts, both parties were actively, engaged. The greater part of the State, bovver, was in the handsof the Church party, and th** Liberals were hourly expecting a n attack o nerally, instead of the stir and/ bustle of industry, a dull and dreary stillness, broken, if broken at all, only by the wordy brawl ofpolitics." .Did Wendell Phillips or Parker PiDsbury ever draw a mpre graphic picture of the eifecte of Slavery upon the States that cherish it.only be obtained through cu«tonis duties, th* Government of " We apprehend that, in general, the people of Vir- Canada,like that of Great fJritain, havo to consider how that necetsary interference with the true principle of political econo-4..••"Welearnfrom Sonora thatonthe30thult.,theChurch pmiy had ait/-inpled a concentration of aspossible,tothepeopleoftheFreeStates;and,gen- toprovidebytaxationfortheuecer;sitienoftheState. * * * the above institution incertain cases,issatisfactory •twunte'dwithMr.Dow,whoaredeceivedbythestory•:own particular tariff—which was only,adopted a yearqWion, as expounded by the learned Rabbi of the He asserts, however, that he has brcufiht the expendi- permanently increased in size, to the extent of tnreegold in bars, allowing fox the silver, i*B****r or euiiem -m $1750perounce,ontheaverage. Theamo««*re-.iwounded birds. Houses that should have known better deliberately, took t o eating dirt, and, a s they groveled, called all ejea to see wirh what relish theydiences gathered together to listen to the arguments in favor of the emancipation of woman.>•* p-•\Cbas. D- Jfoston, of Kentucky, an exploring partyarrived in 1856* and took possession of Tubac, then alry of some four or five Virginia Governors in a con-will surely triumph.It is a question of time only—not of fact. * *he declined the.honor of a nomination as candidate for r«6lection as President of the Republic, and in 1858 he declined, too, to be nominated for Governor of any of%-money, a i l business retarded, and" confidence d e - xtfyed, merely because the leading men in the management of the Company at home desire to d;<*«oijraa;» the uninitiated by unfavorable reports, and inducethemtoselloutcheap. In the mean time,*heCompany'sagentatthemines, deceived by rei «ri« from the Home Secretary that large sums werf o n deposit with the Company's bankers, h a s" I t is the common remark of all who have traveled through the United States, that the Free Siates and the Slave States exhibit a striking contrast in their appear- ance. In the older Free States are seen all the tOKens' ofprosperity:adenseandincreasingpopulation;thriv- ingvillages,towns,andcities;aneatandproductive agriculture; growing manufactures, and active com- merce. Intheolderparts'of theSlave States,with a fewJlocalexceptions,areseen,onthecontrary,too-...£3,962,900 4,161,150 7158,350To flic Editor cf The A". Y. Tribune.SIR: Astoryisgoingtheroundsofthenewspapers, thebastwitness,deposed thatWalker toldhimto1I 1;amount for the wants of the State, and that suoh amount canand are fully understood only by inspection. nood, a total abstainer from th e use of intoxicating The leading idea of the system is that the whole drink*, and the same warm and earnest advocate ofnever entertained any such intention, and proceeded t* « $ # joke upon the idea. The young lady lmmediatoly arsesbat we have bravo m en i se ©tcveus, orevesarar; foe> all Iraow who I mean- It any*tain***, all di»tingmsbe» this claw of men beside their eovMMpiIt »their kmdnee* and tenderness of heart. Itktrttt Stevensaswith bJwjailer. Heistoo*ra*e to be cruel, and the infamous thought of burumg and slaughter never came into or out of ma heart. Gentie- men^ieee,whitehairs amongyou. T3aehejroCSte- Tea* father M very white—eisfeeartisvery heavy.TiKri^KBSjERi^iLjyByB P.t„ ^ l ^ f t «Toutcancensefctowagforjoy,orbringdownthat venerableThomasClarkson,ofworld-widecelebrity gray baix in sorrow tothegrave. 3heman wntea tomethat•••**Aaronwasagoodboytohim;*ethoughtasthechampionofFreedomandtheenemyofthelbTieEditor <tfTheN.Y. Tribune.SIB:-I--Ban- «„M»*i % , f? ., ,1W , , .v. B r - m y ' r ^ ^ A scheme that not ionly relieves them from coming-paratysu. ^.r':-'-" ' I '•••'• ^.--- "-^-.-:".'.' ** « Tie P^l»^Scho<rf Society'r--* * « ^ ^ ^ S ^.» w?¥t*&M* oomfon m b» old age.;' ^Gentlemen, w o | S S bike away that comfort. G od alone can»or?;Se^>k»w jLcawh^yourhauda,W^g, reS*rthanconfidtog.inyonrjostteeand goodsense.slave-trade, was President of that Convention. 1 Among other measures adopted, they addressed a circular letter tothe Governors of all the SouthernStates of the American Union, setting forth the evils ofSlavery and the slave-trade; the common brotherhoodof the race; the common provisions for their redemp-tion through the Lord Jesus Christ; their convictipnathaitheonlywaytoputanendtothe slave-trade wasto abolishSlavery; and theyappealed to the severala queer thing this morning on my way j ^aeni;3Bhancial embarrassments, but interests the >6. Spinal.•>curvatures ana other.deform^**rwo&.<tobusiness, whimcih, s^etm«..e. tihuin,yk^irnrg. Wwilnlyvowc?rJjetme ^hauBts ofGreatBHtauviatheirpermanentsuccess. fromirregularordefectivemnsclar nutritioiycanreaflh |;fnl sbdety; initsinfancy;hut origroyri*•••^••SAIthink aloud a little in the columns of your paper ? l . V y wjll find that the good home-spun, common sense: ily be cuxedbv this system. Cases can be peintedout vancing increase of the city in Amerchantinthiscityhasbeenin.theconstantprac- ma.i$*3jtfthecountry,wuT^give'%asheartyawelcbme where hbhes'haive become misshapen, in,which'the' !Inotherpartsoftbe State the^tico of buying T H E TRIBTJNX, andtalringitiwithMus as ;d.Mnfe London Stock Exchange. Mark this last movements have greatly ameliorated tbe.eyiL . own school oScers, L and managed theirLATE FROM j*o«0*Ow»Sepo*t~ARIZONA.THE WOMEN MOVEMENT.•heayy rains. Two stages of the overland mail were ducfett Tueson when wo last heard from there. T h e stage between Tnbao and Fort Buchanan, on the last tiif, in attempting to cross th e Ssnta Cruz,Slavery in the West Indies, and its happy results; im- plored t h e Divine blessing o n their appeal, and e x - pressed the hope that all rulers and subjects, in all countries, might receive and act upon the principles ofcatch the uncertain breezes of popular favor. His answertoalanghingquestion"whether'hewas ** so easily smoked put as that?" brought this reply: " I am careless of my papers, and should our Southern " customers see THE TKIBUNE not a bill could we sell them."advocacyofWoman'sEights,anditmaynotbeomor teresting as an item of State news for those readers to know, that every one of those appointments have been filled by thesaid ladies. -Oversixtycountiesinthe State have been visited,; and: petitions presented to the* peoplefor their.sigxatnras,prayingidterth's wisexis something wrong under this meal-tub.The Constitution has a clause prohibiting the Legisla-thatthemeasures^ ^ ^ ; ^ ^ ^ | ^ ^ f |J adopted after he retirid from office, and -are n W WT** • * •-JO! f '* ^m .- .Iwithin a quarter of a mile of town, was carried the Goepel, and the day be hastened when violence-In connection with this subject, take another fact. '•• To the Senate and Anembly of the SttJCe of New-York:BROWNE? za}$*%*&£ ,*(. » .—> -*,•• - • • - •To the Editor of Tlu Botton Journal.down ?trt am by th<* force of thecurrent, and horses an#dii«er were in imminent pei il, but succeeded in • malang the opposite shore after a thorough drench- inz- Much more rain h a s fallen in this section •<fartBg fte present season than usual. I t seldom raias excepting in the rainy season, a n d the fall of water inJanuary, sufficient to cause a freshet, is quite a n&vefty. A general rain of only a few hours dura- boa, however, is sufficient to cause a freshet here. Thevalhry of the Santa Cruz, in common with all thejtftre&aas o f this country, is bordered bj mountainmight be no more heard throughout the habitable earth. Signed, Thomas Clarkson, President.By request of tboee who had them in charge, I for- warded these circulars under my frank as a member of Congress to all the Southern Governors; to Govornor Pennington of New-Jersey, among, others. Most; of these dignitaries affected to be raving mad; Bevera^ o f them wrote and published in t h e newspapers, violent, abusive, grandiloquent letters, addressed to me in an- swer to my frank. Three of them, I think, made it a matter of grave communicaticn to their respective Leg-That miserable apology for a newspaper, The Atlanta Confederacy, a s your readers have found but, pub-* lished, a short time ago, a list of those merchants soundon the Slavery question, a n d , a t the same time, a listof those who could not be trusted with the interests ofthe South. Straightway, there is a great fluttering of the property left by her husband the same that a hvsbahd has inranees, from the steey sides of which the water is islatures in their Annual Messages; Governors Bagley abed with great rapidity, causing sudden freshets and Polk declared that th e circular was incendiary, after every heavy rain. and calculated to incite slaves to insurrection! A B4. party o f wild Pinal Apaches passed through though a respectful private circular sent by mail to aNew-York traders can bend in search of gain. Well,whatisthe;result? A fewwhisky-breathed, overbearing, pompons traders uee the hue and cry topublicani&m will conquer. Largebequestshavebeenmade intheEastforthetheir bonus. At this time, when the people are groan- far as it relates to me, which I cannot see howa.gea* ,."•!Tueac, a few days since, with Col. Walker, the Indian Agent. They were on their way to Fore Buchanan, for the purpose o f holding a conferenc •Southern Gove.-norwas to be received by a negro and slave!ladies have gone forth to proclaim the doctrine of Civil and Political Equalitv for Woman.To this circular Govornor Pennington returned the with the commandant relative to the release of th < following very civil and sensible answer: \£No laggards are they in their work. In the lan-cajttive taken during, the recent campaign. Theyexpress much g<*>dwill toward the whites, and sumost earnestly for a treaty of peace. They claim,as usual, that other tribes have done all the stealing,for- whieh, although innocent, they have received the abolition of Slavery and the slave-trade. Impressedhands, fawns, a n d says, "certainly!" when every generous impulse urges him to pitch the blackguard out of doors. . !Gentlemen, you are on the wrong tack. Y ou are not forfeiting your own eelf-respect, but the respect of every high-toned Southern gentleman. Bullying is not to be put down in this manner. The man who refuses to buy \our drugs, dry goods, or hardware, because you differ with him in politics, is not a safe man to sell to. He does not comprehend the first principles of success- fulfcusineBS^—hebuyB goods on a system that will swamp him sooner or later, and the quicker you "stand.from under," th e less danger of your being injured by his fall, jThe true merchants, the men who succeed, and con- sequently pay, bny where they can do best.i They do not inquire what papers y o u take or what principles youhold—theirwhole aimistofindoutthequalityof your goods and the prices you ask for them. They no more expect you to think as they do, than y o u would expect them to be o f your opinion. I t is a question of dollars and cents, and the firm that puts their businesshim any such thing. It is, indeed, a wond^d^Cfr^ cumstance, taken from any point at viewy how'maaf^-<*$ persons have recently sprung up to whom JohnBrowa hns» long, since confided a dreadful secret—a secxet-,.whieh^^^year, and their baTR form the principal currency of this country. No other Company has yet been abletoreachthis point,butfrom indications, there- seetheonlymanwhogave thatveryharmlesslettera sult*ofthepresentyearwillfarexceedallthathas civilanswer,andwhoseemedtosympathizewithitsdian Finances," and the "Hon. A. T. Gait's Consolid- ation Scheme," I predicted its success, but did not, however, anticipate so hearty and cordiaLa response as it has met with. The matter w a s fairly, before the London public on the 2dof January, and on the 4th The London Times says: " T h e n e w Canadian loan.has " attracted increased ''attention'' to-day, and gome large " subecriptions are stated to have been received; th e " closing quotations were 1^ to 2J per cent premium." On the lOtn: the list closed a t 3 p e r cent premium, when it was found that th e applications amounted to £22>,000,000. No doubt a large portion of this is offered by those holding t h e present securities of the Province, with a view to converting them into th e consolidated stock; but as the total amount of the con- solidated debt was only £10,861,010, and the portion required in cash but £2,800,000, the offering will bewhich was at last acceded to. Tho state of his gen- of their weeping wives and children, killing them by eral private affairs, so long neglected, and not any slow degrees, within hearing of their families, a n ib**en done in the past.The Sonora.Exploring and Mining Company wasth«* first Association orgnaized for Silver Mining inthis country. Under the superintendence of M r.generalsentiments,presidingover thedeliberationsofthe American House of Representatives. I hope to1live to see the then Governor of New-York, who had,little private or Presidential business, h a s been, since 1857, his only iMduccm«?nt to leave this Republic, which has so many Icitles to t h e gratitude a n d deference of that noble friend of Bolivar and Lafayette".Itia not out of place here to state to yourcorres pendent, what everybody acquainted with ex-President Herran'ft past history knows very well, that he has neva deserted presidio or garrison, a n d established t h ehead-^narters o f the Company here. The Companywas first organized with the capital stock of$1,000,000, divided into shares of $100 each,the principal portion o f which w a s held inOhio. Subsequently the capital waR doubled,the Company's office removed t o W all street,Hew-York, . and stock sold all over theUnited States. After some months of explora-tion a vein was found some 22 miles west of Tubacwhich proved very rich, a n d after repeated assaysit was decided to abandon all the other mines here- painful reflections upon the demoralizing effects of theand furnaces for reducing th e ore by the amalga-mation process. This, as I have already stated^ here.Genesee Wesleyan Seminary, a large and flourishing writer to introduce to the people's consideration, forinstitution, and o£e of the best Academies in the State,was first completed in t h e Spring o f last year.The shipment of large bars of pure silver, worth apremium of 7 per cent in the market, left no doubtof the richness ol' the mine. N ow came thegambling in stock. Having reached the paying-which we all know to be mere cant, I will not notice But the repeal of the Corn haw* then tupervened,- ana the Province found it»elf subject to a debt of $20,000,000 po*se*$ing the mo*t magnificent Canal* in the world, but vntnottt any trade to tupport them excepther own, debarred by the Navigation Lawsthat position, a man who has made no trifling sacrifices in his ssealous devotion to Freedom, without the bright,point, it was no longer necessary to remit funds to amazed at the change which circumstances havedifficulties in the way of trade were finally removed; but ere this a new element had been developed through the conatruction of railways, ^ hkh tended to maintain trade in the channels it had already formed, andwhich eouid only be met by aimilar offortibeing reduced by the use of scholarships to the small amount of the annual interest of one hundred dollars.ed by the fact that he could have held the highest sta- tion in his native State, had he identified himself withNicholl's clerk had called upon several lodging-house keepers, saying that men were wanted to go on board, a vessel called the Marianne; each of them shippedmmSPFJUKER, PENKINGTOl* A N D SLA VEKiY •hm:Twentyyearsago,thefriendsofthenegrowhich h e presides, to chapter tV ^nlnmB !£Lr*of hts tBr»C l>0SBessj6to'1h^f^T^T^Lthat fee" K KWARK, N. J . , July 30,1840." SIR:. I acknowledge with great pleasure the re-and expected no more. ' J-It is well known that Judges have been buttonholo- ing members of th e Legislature to bring about this provision, and it has been so inserted in the; law thatceipt of your communication in behalf of the Conven- tion held in London on the 12th ult., on the subject ofthe mass of the people cannot see it. The provision is if exposed, would have cost him his life, and which>as I am with the importance and the troth of the prin- ciples and.view8 therein expressed, it is my earnest de- sirethat this country may, at the earliest day inher powes, consistent with security and the peace of the- Union, join hand in hand with the*hamane on the other side of the water m washing out the stain upon her rational character., " TUe means t» be used, as proposed by your Con- vention, are of a " moral, religious, and pacific charac- ter," and it is by these means alone, I am satisfied, that this great object can be obtained. New-Jersey, by an act passed the 24th of February, 1810, has defined her policy. By that act, every child born of a slave with- in the State since the 4th of July, 1804, or which shall thereafter be born, Se declared to be/ree, but to remain in the character of an apprentice in the service of the master,ifamale,until2oyearsofage,andifafemaleuntil the age of 21 years. Under the operation of this law, Slavery has become almost extinct with us, and I am happy to say that, so far as m y observation e x - tends, the condition of servitude is of the most miti- gated and indulgent form." Thanking you for vbur kindness in communicating the proceedings of the Convention,intended to cheat the people.This question isnow before the Senate, ought it tonot being exposed, made any one in it liableto the penalties of a capital offense. And still more wonder- ful, that those persons are of a class with which Brow» never had any sympathy, and. toward which always maintained a profound aversion!These witnesses are certainly too swift. They pre- tend to have been the bosom friends of the old man; tc have shared with him the moet awful secrets of hi*thfvpunishmcnt; and I verily believe the kind-hearted Agent is credulous enough t o agree with them. W e may now expect another treaty, which will he at- tended with no better results than t h e numerous others ratified during the last several years.The recommendation of the Secretary-of-War for the enlistment of a mounted corps, meets with hearty approval b y our people. I t is what I have advocated constantly in your columns. I n actual battle with Indians, success is more owing t o indi- vidual prowess and skill in arms than to discipline, and in point o f economy, great advantages would accrue t o the country.The great raining interests of this country a r e steadily progressing, notwithstanding the many drawback* incident to pioneer enterprises in a new country. Although t h e capital invested in the sil- ver mines of Arizona during the last four years will, probably, exceed $400,000, the results are, byno means, commensurate with th e outlay. B y far the greater portion of it has been spent in li pros- pecting," and in learning the art of mining properly and economically. .Up t o this time no steam pow-er has been applied, but several companies navecontracted for machinery, which is already shipped,and in a few months will be in successful operation.The Sonora Exploring and Mining Company have chivalric contempt, have gone, with him, to their final CANADA—PAST, PRESENT, A N D FrjTURE. been reducing their rich ores since March of lastSucceed ?Jan. 24, 18«0.A TAX--PFA*. Y E R .*;':. ..V' I remain yonir very obedieont lenrant, rfConfederacy, and" W"~ILLI IAM PENNINGTON, GoTenxorofNew-Jersey.?'Polk, Bagley, McDonald, and Wicklh% four of thoseBrown was precisely the same made by him to all hm best and most confidential friends touching the subject, and may be very safely taken for the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, in the matter.?who treated Thomas Clarkson s circular with suchNew- York, Feb. 15,1860. B ACKBOiiE. ——•—•"his presence' in the United States being still requiredby the condition of affairs pending between the twoRepublics. In April of 185& Gen. Herran again sentin his resignation, which being a second time refused,forced him to solicit a temporary leave of absence,- their bedB at night, tearing them away from the arm*account. Notyrithstanding a reward of $500 was of- fered for my head in Savannah for m y insolence in sending this rircnlar to their Governor, I have lived to..-<then wantonly mutilating their- dead bodies, was i n - vented and propogated by one of the most notoriously- lying rascals in the United States-, an individual whohas been doing all manner of base work for three. •-y years past, in this vicinity, for tho Democratic partv#and getting paid for his wretched services in hard cash.It was of course seized on by all the enemies of O M Osawatonxie as soon as it appeared, and hawked about C tbe country as embodying the indubitable record of the' . " Potawataxnie Massacre." B u t it is utterly unwor- thy of credit, and should be discarded by every honora»f„about the same time, so thoroughly used up the chiv- troversy pertaining to the same "irrepressible con-foneTto work; and with the help of Buch men as Phil-pSi*Barker, Giddings Cnrtis, Beecher, and a host ofothers whom the world delights to honor, their cauee er solicited nor courted any public distinction, In.1856flict!"presidingoverthedestiniesoftheRepublic. IFartato, A. 1*.,Feb, 18,.1860. S.M.GATES.the Federal States, notwithstanding which, tw o of ble mind as a malignant attempt to injure the fame of».'TotheEditorofTheN.Y.Tribune.COLLEGES AND T H E EDUCA TION O F W 'O - tidlo elected h im for that position with remarkableBAYAPJD TAYLOR AXD MODERN VIRGINIA CHRISTIANS.• M E N .To the Editor of The IT.Y. Tribune.one who, whatever, in th e estimation of some, may unanimity and a t the same time. Recently, though he have been his errors o r hie crimes, was the purest em- •NEW-¥6RM Mft¥ Tiff"*?"5' SA?»JI3LFJSEPARYm iigibuaA iwiiei8H^ v w wmJSE* ^K^fcy-yyjtf^w/UWattiaerate disease. This classof exer- theheld a Convention in London, known as the World's , F<6, a, i860; i&&£**y & "-:•:•:'•:.•.•->! .• •-'win, I:witti hinr, bnffi^ whether, wuseies or nerves shall be /in^.largetyfed./ men whe elected ^'e^u»lrMi"m*w«*'^ *iBtswho condemn thepresent financial .arrangement, ihmneiirdlgiit ihaybemetandconqu'cilexL .. ,.jI buf ,fail to' diecover or make but good grounds for so 5. The.movements enaWe the tciU power to traversei nobody else. They were, nioreoyer^ m w|oing^hadmnchbettercandidlyacknowledgethewis- channelsiriterruptedTryeoineimpeahnent,thusoveat- ofChristian*. Ofthis^m>jm^^^r^^^M^^^^Convention. Itsavowed purposewas topronotetheuniversalabolition ofSlaveryandthe slave-trade.The• :• • .•'.,..,«*». ' - , . . . . : j '••.»"- A WORD WITH THE ItfERCH-S^TS.SIR: The correspondence published in the THE seen to be very much in excess of the Province'sSIR: The writer of a recent article in THE TRIBUTE,commending the People's College for its provision for of the principal States of the Confederacy, and theTKIBUNE of to-day, between Mr.. Howison of Rich- mond, V a , and Bayard Taylor, has produced somewants, and shows a degree of confidence hardly to be expected after what has transpired within the past two years in the councils and deliberative astembiies of the Province. That the Provinces are right atthe education of women, seems to think that this is the onlyinstitutioninwhichbothsexesare taught inthesame classes, and admitted to equal hours. There is obedient servant,another College that has the precedence of tho People's toforeworked,andconcentratetheirforcesonth*"peculiarinstitution"uponthemindsofintelligentandheartMr.Gait,however,showsinanably-writtenCollegeinthismovementinbehalfoftheeducationof'• '•—'new one, to whieh the name of "Heintzelman enlightened men. pamphlet, which he issued in London just prior to women. Genesee College, located at Lima. Livhifr- Mine" was given. 'Shafts were sunk and much oretaken out;butslowprogresswasmade, owing chieflytothepovertyoftheCompany,whichplaced httie means in the hands of the agent. T h e flatter- ingreport*of therichnessof the metal at length attracted capitalist*?, a n d sufficient stock was dis-Richmond,actingasChairman ofaYoungMen's Christian Association of that city, dissolves a contract with Mr.Taylor,to lecture there,because,ashefirstheartilyindorsedbythe.GlynsandBaringsofLon- sexesareadmittedtoitsclasses,andonthe.completion don. Inthispamphlethethusjustifiesthe^general oflhecourse,receiveequalhonors. ThisCollegehasSIR:Thereisatthepresenttimemuchdiscussion among the rank and file of the Kepulican party, as to who wouldbethemostefficient andbestfittedamong thenumerouscandidatesforthePresidency;andasan humble private in the ranks, will you please allow th ealleges, of th e supposed opposition of Mr. Taylor to posed of to enable the Director to erect machinery Slavery as it exists in Virginia. The other reason,policyoftheProvincesforthepasttenyears:" The Canal system of Canada was, in a great measure, com- pletedin1846,though improved andextendedsince;and"he then possessed a navigation for vesseis of 800 tuns from the ocean toLakeOntario,andof400toLakesErie,Buron,andMichigan.•thehonoroffirstconferringtheregularCollegedegrees on young ladies. 8everal nave graduated with honor, andreceivedinsuccession thedegrees ofA.B.and A.M.When I compare, as I have within the last half hour, this letter by Mr. Howison, with the concluding pages of the second volume of his "History of Virginia," published in Richmond only twelve years ago, I amult.. Jas. Nicholl, shipping agent; Geo. D . Walker,the Director, and b e was left with a large accumu- wrought in the mind of th e author within that time. on the part of Canada."lation of local debts, to shift as he could, and to And< I also am surprised that his book (if known in This Mr. Gait seems to think the beginning of Can-appeal in vain for funds to meet the demands. T h e ada's financial responsibilities', and then proceedstocapacity for reducing the ore by mule power has Virginia) ehould not be burned by the common hang- the Railway system, and the obligations incurredbeen barely sufficient to meet current expenses, man,forthissecondvolumeisfull of"incendiarydoc- thereby,asfollows:• " ' • ' • • • —.c .the Pro-Slavery party. That man is Cassius M. Clay, several of their lodgers, paid the customary fees, anda man of indomitable courage, truth, and intelligence! received advance notes in return. On inquiry, it was -1leaving nothing for liquidation ofthe many out- trines," such as "therobber and murderer, John standing debts. The ^Director worried, the cred- Brown," has preached. He sayB, on page 517:itors blasphemed, and all wondered that funds were " The last and most important cause unfavorably af-were not withheld because the treasury was empty, seen the origin and progress of this institution. As to"InadditiontotheGrandTrunkRailway,the la«t tenyears have witnessed the completion of tho following additional l.nen of railway in Canada:lhe GreatWesternSIR: Theextensive inquiries addressed tomeon placedinhighpositions ofhonor by.thepeoplefrom piainedthat he had"humbugged" them;he repliedTho Northern....not forthcoming. Parties who visited the Stateslearned t h e jtrue state o f aflairs a t last Funds ence of Slavery within her bounds- We have already And other minor lines of a more local character,am unable to answer, and the many cases of suffering159 miles.' which the knowledge referred to would probably re-, exercise a n inflexible determination, a truej fearlessbut b^-eause, the Company having attained success,it became desirable stock, a n d t h e object was t oinjureitn credit,cryit down,anddepreciatethe*tock. when i t could b e bought cheap; choke o u tthe small stockholders, and make a fortune for eachof th»' lucky ones. Such is the true history, inits evils, we have nothing new to offer; they have been felt and acknowledged by the most sagacious minds in our State."! iKS The case of the prisoners Walker and Hunter '0Ssffecting Virginia, which we shall mention, is the exist-. . . . :HethenquotesfromanaddressofDr.Ruffnertothe people of Western Virginia, showing that Slavery is" The direct debt of Canada, including advances to railways, U £9,677 €72, and after deducting the sinking fund for the redemp-RepublicanConvention; forthe nomineeofthatCon- vention will be elected as surely a s the sun rises andbrief? o f o u r pioneer Mining Company. T h e address as exhibiting "close reasoning and impressive vince, withont reckoning interest, have been as follows:wits, at first, entirely empyrical, but has gradually, by- practice, been, in a measure, reduced to a science. The Movement Cure, on the contrary, originated with a physician and philosopher, asthe result ofphysiologi- cal principles applied to practice. It is tae scientific ap-citizetzs of Arizona compelled to wait for their reflection." Dr. Ruffner, quoted by Howison, says:Canals, Lighthouses, and other workarconnected with . the development of the navigation of the St.Lawrence, represent..•..., Railway advancesRoadsandbridges,andimprovementofriversXOUu*•••*• •«•••• •••••»««•*••••»••*•.••••••*••••,«Lo,ou**f'wH/FALSE RUMOR REGARDING NICAL DOW."TayIbrpTwouiahreferl^mB^ft^^AJmot^m <rm ^#.",*«wn%'Uoks forwai^ tt;ies. y fthiskinaofm^^S^Smm^^, 1 /.ww «Wrt attended n o School tmtwer* g nto his store. He has bought it, because he considers if the best paper published; because, in addition to the news, i t caters liberally to his literary taste;' because, chieflyj it accords with the principles he holds.other mode of attempted cure.? ;tionsrbjMb^tiiat suchseparationnmy be i n M action.Wxx; other .yrmfoi.movcnietffrija^ men! and control of a cfoseIn the rural districts the success has been wonderful, enjoyed the disgusting fare. The Atlanta Confederacy considering the unpopularity of the subject, our. moet became an institution, its editor w as feasted and violent opposers being demagogical L>emocrats, who coujtcd, and the whole South could witness how low frankly acknowledge that if our doctrines prevail,furtherance of this movement, and, under the patron- their own advantage. They swagger about JSTew-York age of a Committee appointed for that purpose, Thesetleman of Mr. Kichardson's intelligence could eontrive - [^ to fall into. Mr. Eichardson must, therefore,* pardoa v the directness of my answer, when I assure mm em- t •*£ phatically that I never told him any such thing*. Capt*iJ UM. Walker will also pardon me, when I sayto him, moststores, abusing the North and Northern .men, usinglanguage that one of their own slaves would resentat home; and the poor driveling dealer smiles, rubs his guage of Mr. Greeley, they have found a work lobeon any other foundation, deservest o have i t s debtsFor a long time Gen. Herran had neglected his pri-vate intere&ts in attending to the service of his country,in his capacity of Minister Plenipotentiary; and, assoon as be thought that he could return to New-Gra-nada without detriment to the public service^ as earlyas Dec, 1857, he sent to President Ospina his letter of misapprehended me. This statement made to me by resignation, which was not admitted, on the ground ofpaid by old copies of Tlie Atalantacompelled to suspend^ tDi New-York news-boys could make the dirty little sheet as salable a s T H E TRIBUNE.could not have been doing me the honor of giving a *his attention at the time, or he would not have so fer ••TotheEditor ofTheA".Y. Trihvne.SIR: In. commenting, a few days since, on.'" Cana-The fearful story of his seizing five or six men hitT "^ ^'^iM^llgio^Hbet^« - •~~" tr&«fe»S therefore/T^ZZTZS"Historyof Virgiiia^ asanex^tioti of;what ^H.oncethoughtupon-thesubject.•'GONsisr^rrcx.-*become.anindependentmemberinthefamilyofnor edythepainfulnervouseffectsconae<jsent^nirregular ofNew-te*C%wereJ.t h e y J o ! ^ a 4 y r a zied'*b--e*t-ween She 'nerves, and the'e>irif«rf«', s*astoW:f%no«a^a^sertinn.W . H . M .7. T h e Movement Cure is adapted to a v e ^ largeclaes; of chronic diseafces which h a w resisted? every in their own way. _ The people of thethe Catholics) demanded the same privSegesvSeward favoied this reform. This is t h e gwt Coffense. Of course the abolition o€ the etyrandtheplacingoftheschoolsintna.iand^-.of Jjf^L^, r / ;SIR: The readers of THE TRIBUKE who havepe- ; ,. PLUNDER AT THE BOTTOM O P IT .ruseditscolumnscloselyforthelastshemonths,will-To*uXdhor^fTheIT.Y.TrMmtu. rememberamongitsadvertisements,repeatedannounce- SIR: Itwasandisproposedtoamend the Constitu-Tfrlhe aE«/flr«f'iTAetHr. K Tribune. -Governors of the Southern States "to employ all that" influence and power with which Divine Providence their whole time and strength trimming their sails to mentsnf '" Cffturty Conventions/' to'1be held in differ- tion inrelation to the Judiciary, organization of the inure to their benefit. But <wonld that not S ^ l l f i 2 2 5'* The undersigned, citteena of -^ -, New-York, respeet- Supreme Court and Court of Appeals $1,000 each. fnljy a»k that you.will taie measpres to nubmit to the people anamendment of the Constitution, allowing Women to vote and hold office. And that you will, enact laws aecuring to married women the full and entire controlloagiiig to them, and of their earnihthe property and over the ddldren-ofhia deceased wife." tached-, providing thatthelaw .of .185/1.'in relation to These petitionshave been largely signed by the au- ealariee;, dec, shall apply to &Uthe,Tudges tJien in of-in{- the rights of the wife over the-cJ.Now, through.the guise.of a n amendment of the enjoys,andtherightsofawidow,astoherchildren,andasto Constitutioninrelationtothejudiciary,,aclauseisat-fice. Thus, if the amendment passes, will"be obtained, the very object which the Constitution intended to pro- hibit,viz:Aninteroet in theJudiciary to besetthe Legislature for increased salaries. This amendment, if adopted, takes about $300,000. from the Treasury, aid makes it a present to the Judges. Some JudgesAnti-Slavery,- Temperance, Moral Koform, and K e- whose terms have expired, will call at the treasury forBrown Blackwell, the eloquent minister a n d accom- plished scholar, and amiable wife a n d mother. M r s . J. Elizabeth Jones of Ohio, is a lady in the ripeness of womanhood^towhom, equallywith theabove,all these adjectives apply.Mrs. H. M. Troy Cutler of Illinois, a lady who has been twice married, and who has superintended tw o families of children satisfactorily, has been teacher in a high Bchool in Columbus, Ohio, and matron of a deaf and dumb asylum, taken premiums on sorghum sugar made by her own hands, and is also a physician among the poor of her neighborhood. -Mrs. Lucy M. Coleman of New-York is a widow, and has fought life's battle bravely and well for herself and children.Mrs.Frances D. Gage ofMissouri, formerly of Ohio, might claim the nomiuation for President under the authority of Beecher, "having brought up six unruly boye," whose aggregate night would form a column thirty-six feet high in honor of their mother, who will all vote the Republican ticket in 1860 but one, and he is not old. enough; and no one of them smokes or chews or stimulates the inner man with intoxicating beverages. She is also the mother of two daughters..; .. ,Two years agQ,rGreeley said to one of the ladies, "Why don't yon ladies go to work 7 " They have" forward his claims for the next Presidential election " and a little private business, of which more anon." Yourcorrespondent.wasalittle toofastinthispartof his statement. H e or his informant took for grantedthat Presidential candidates have no stronger impulses than those of forwarding their claims for tne election.name of their friend. This is unnatural and impossi-ble; I distrust all such testimony. From what Tknowi. ,.«, I am convinced that Brown never h a d any personal participation in th e kHling of the men o n the SPOUp watamie, and that, of course, he never told anybody ; he had. Mv recollection of what I said to Mr. ,Bich.-r#r, ardson, on this topic, is very distinct, and to this effect, namelv, that John Brown said to me i n Boston, t w e years prior, that he was not at the killing on the Pota- m watamie, but that he approved it. M r. Eiehardsoa r«tfterms of office respectively..passed an act increasing the salaries of Judges of the•AUThis, by the Constitution, w a s permitted' to operate only in the future. JTheyhad no power to increase thle salaries of Judgeswhile in office.SIK: I am, very much surmised to find, in a lata*- number of your paper, a letter,JEmon your exceOoast correepondent, A . D . Eichardeon, eeq^ in which m y 'V name is used t o corroborate a most atrocious aianjert. -'•.'.''/" uponthememoryofOi>nJOHHBitowii at\Qmnn6o>'y!mr mie. M r . Eichardson does n o t himself indorse tfeu wicked calumny, b u t refers to a oonversatien he hmtx&'¥:with me, i n which h e eays that I informed huttibifc s.r*'." Brownadmittedtomethathewasengagedinthe s^V. killing of Doyle and others, on Potawatamio bank, -yr in 1856. H e also cites a conveTsation with Capi. ,•-"-. Walker, to the same effect. This, Sir, is a mistake, »e -gSfjfbodiment which the countryaffords of exalted self-sac- rifice ; and as such dear to any friend of humanity. . £ £[It may, perhaps, add something to the estimationia which this tragical romance of the Potawataxnie aiftwHr*** beheld to inform thepublic that,since itwas first published,theauthor hasfledthecountryindisgrace.Mvi The weekly journal edited here by him has become extinct, and his wife -has filed a petition in the County Court,prayingforadivorce;charginghimwithbeincan " inhuman monster," which, from my own knowl- edge of the animal, I will very promptly testify to.Jf summonedasawitnessinthecase. Ketributivejus ticeissometimesspeedy,aswellasalwayssure.Verynwpectfully, youra, M . K. CONWAY. Lawrence, K.T.,Jan.23,1860. ,THE CAPTAIN O F THE SLAVE YACHT WAITOJCMK.-— Thefollowingcase,which hasbeenheardintheLiv- erpool Police Court, throws some light on the latest movements of the slave Bhip Wanderer. O n the 20this located near the College. There both sexes can pre-from making them useful to foreign vessels. an<i opposed to the pare for College, and young ladeis can receive all the stimulating prospect of acquiring political preferment captain of the Wanderer, and Chas. Hunter, an Ameri-wealthy and powerful influence of New-York and the connec privileges conferred by any institution of its class. I ndon* tfiey hacl meantime formed in the We»t. In 1849 the legal both institutions the cost of tuition-is merely nominal, from his native State—whose sincerity is amply, attest- can seaman, were charged with conspiring to defraud.Mr.RobertR.Howison,anintelligentlawyerof-offeringnisconsolidationscheme,andwhichwasstbnCounty,hasbeeninoperationsince1849.BothTotheEditorofTheN.Y.Tribune. ,•'.-.•"The Buffalo and Lake Huronlieve, lead me to offer it for your paper as a matter of public interest and philanthropy.CATHARINE E . BEECHER. Columbus,Ohio,Jail.24,I860.MISS BEECIIER O N T H E MOVEMENT CURE.injurious to the public welfare; and he commends the tion of the Imperial Guaranteed .Loan, amounts to £ 8 884,672, The Water Cure originated with a peasant, and Jertey City, Jan. 25, I860.amounting in all toThe Grand Trunk.... , ..1,112 miles."Thus a total of 2,093 miles have been constructed and put in operationinCanadawithinthotimeutated;whilethepresent charge to tho Provinces connected with those railways which havereceivedpublicaidis£4,161,150.and the pajments on account of the public works of the Pro-357 miles. 95 miles.the subject of this article, which, for want of time, Itime to time, but Caseins M. Clay never has been. The successor of our present timoy irresolute, and vacillating President, will inevitably <have occasion tothat he had been humbugged himself, having under* • ' ' . ' stood from Walker that ne had purchased the ship* The magistrates thought there was n o evidence <e£m* criminality against Nicholl, and dismissed the charge against him. .'•» f ^ * f t370 miles.ma4e promises of xpeedy settlement of outstanding evident signs of stagnation, or of positive decay; a dence in any new and feeble country, with but two-to this mode of treating disease is practiced, and has been slightest credence in the State—perhaps in N ew - the above circumstances to Mr. Nicholl, he wa*4 * * b t K , j o o k i n g b y e v e r y m a i l f o r a u t h o r i t y t o d r a w upon the Secretary, till constant disappointment has ajmravated some to an extent that endangers his hftv It h a s now reached a pass that he dare not rid*- out alone for fear of assassination.s p a r s e p o p u l a t i o n , a t l o v e n l y c u l t i v a t i o n , s p r e a d o v e r vastjfieldsthat are wearing out, among others already worn out and desolate; villages and town3 'few and lar between,' rarely, growing, often decaying, some- times mere remnants of what they were, sometimes deserted ruins, haunted only b y owls; generally n o manufactures, nor even trades, except the indispensa- blefew;commerceandnavigationabandoned,asfard c r e d t o h a v e n o t h i n g m o r e t o d o w i t h W a l k e r . H i ter was discharged, but Walker was sent for trial,is said that the prisoner, whose real name is Archboh is " wanted" in the United States.ASriTKFiiT.REVENGE.—Ayoung manresidingin town, who has been a regular visitant a t the residence of a lady, and whose attendance upon t h e same w.w understood as a prelude to a n eventual proposal, iffcttBut it is, and probably will continue to ho,impossible to aban- evidence of its claims to such attention. and are lamenting his supposed defection. For this sitting by her side at the family tea-table onaUtf don customs duties or excise as a means o f rovenue; they afford tho nie8n« of levying laig(» »n:ut> by taxatiou of articles of The peculiarity of this method is that the exercises reason it is advised that a prompt and unequivocal de- evening, when, during the course of a rather &*H4consumption, distributing the burden in almost inapprecinblo are not performed by the patient alone, and are en- nial of the charge be .made through the columns of conversation, the mother of theladv turned upon kimquantities,andinonexoa$ecthaveihwadvantago,that,iffairly tirely diifercnt from anyordinarymodesofexercise. yourwidelycirculatedjournal. I,therefore,ideclare withthe,smilingquestion: "WhenareyouanaMr—-uu'poiied,eachindividualintuecommunitycontribute*inatol- Whilethepatientexercisescertainmuscles,thephysi- going togetmarried?" Thegentleman responded^:',*iy<r erably fair proportion lo his Eioaiw. *' * * ' * ' * the rumor to be without the slightest foundation in \"Admitting, therefore, the necessity of ruining n- certain cian is operating by methodswhich cannot be described truth. Mr. Dow is now, as he has been from bov- wiTh an appearance of great astonishment, that be her 0*throuiihtheaidaffordedtheLiberalsbyPisquiera and the Liberals of Sonora, and if they can afford to withdraw a portion of their forces from Sinaloa, toasFistmthecivflwarofSonora,theLiberals there may also expect stormy times.Surejy,theYoungMen'sChristianAssociationofwould seem justifiable, but as to the jworking of his eased action. In this way scrofulous diseases may bo time, and i* being revived by our Amerioan friend* here w ho ver, as in all cases of native grid. The rates <rf dm tmuzma mmammMMm&mm^ayyaiiMMiwww.fultonhistory.comzszm mmssmasmmmimamwsm,:'/*iWy<M"- %V& :m w.•:-..i•:.•'•:-. ^-. U 8ti®t ^t'W^'.«pf9rt,b.<m»Twfo»bleitmaytw,fxswOwtiBritain,u wr•perfectdischargeofallthewastemimorbidmattero inquiryiaeimplyasfoflowft Witt*Mr.Sowar*«*eouree. Theaiaow^ ^f '^J^t^ ^f *•,r-^>On page 519, Mr. Howison says:ginh hold Slavery to be an cnormus evil, bearing withlatal power upon their prosperity. This sentiment hasmy can be effected with the least disturbance to trade. And judging of the fiscal policy of the preuent Government by this rule, it is contended that, with some trilling exceptions, whichbody can be, to a certain extent, monlded a n d devel- oped by exercise toward a state of perfect health, to the same extent as it earn bo swesvea by adverse influ-temperance a n d prohibition to-day that he ever h a s been, and I entertain n o doubt that he will continuewithout a woid, and went into a room adjoining, fo>«* whence altoshortly returned, with a bottle of vftrw* as her hand, and, without a syllable or gesture ofRkh tuond ought to examine their Chairman with lynx-t h r e e m i l l i o n s p o p u l a t i o n . H e t h e n p r o c e e d s t o t a k e up the commercial policy of the country, and justifies his Tariff by the foHoveintr illustrations and statistics:" Canadian statesmen of all purtie* have iavariably adhered to the faithfnl and pnnotiml discharge of the obligations of their country;theyhaveneverswervedfromtheprinciple,thatwhat- ever.maj be the faults or follies of their Government or Legia.a- ture, the public creditor shouici not Buffer;,and supported by the unanimous voice o f the country, Parliament has never hesitatedBO a s t o n i s h e d a n d g r a t i f i e d w i t h t h e s u c c e s s w i t n e s s e d , as to feel a strong desire to call public attention to the subject.Especially is it deeirable that medical men who have obstinate cases of chronic disease, should examine this newand scientific method ofcure,and thefactthat some of the most eminent physicians of New-York City approve this treatment and send their patients toE n g l a n d . E v e n t h e C o n n e c t i c u t p a p e r , f r o m w h i c h the ttory sprung, intended it merely as a joke, takin" advantage, no doubt, of a recent fall which happened" unto Mr. Dow, and from wluch he narrowlyl escaped seriousinjury,toplayuponawoid. Butthematter has somehow assumed a serioas aspect; and there are those m dittant parts of the country, personally unac-been gaining ground during many years. Within aM a r i a n , their only stronghold a t present. G e n . verv snort time past, a citizen of East Virginia (James must arise in all human legislation, the customs duties are iui- ences toward ill health. Either the whole ox certain Portland, Jin. 27,1860.V*J/H. commanding in that city, had dispatched a vessei U>Guaymas, earnestly imploring aid from Pesqjiiera; but the Governor was under the neces- sity of refusing, a s his own position was too criticalpofeed in the manner least calculated to disturb the free exchange'portions may be thus exercised according as each case demands, and with these specific results:.C. ]j{ruce of Halifax), intelligent, highly educated, andose<!«sedof great wealth in this species of property,as tpoken out plainly, and urged owners in our State Eof Canadian labor with that of other countries. " The following Comparative result appears:* * *1841to1848,averagetotalimports.1849tol854 average total imports.1855 to 1858, average total imports 1841to1848,dutylOJper,cent..Freegoods, 2$percent. 1849 to 1854, duty 13| per cent.. Kree goo Is, • 7 per cent,1. Thecirculation ofthebloodmaybesocontrolled GOVERNORSEWARDANDTHECOMMON ofonooye,andmjuringitsfellow hopofesanr.^£2,829,793. 4,904,088 7,611,970[ Buffwo Oettutav PIKE'S PEAK GoLn.—The Director of the Philadel-phiaMintspeaksinhisannualreportofthePike'etbis.'fcmaioa is probably again in the hands of the more decided, and incipient means have been adoptedChurchparty.Theywereoverthrownayearsince,topijovideUrthegradualdestructionoftheeviL" 1S55to1858,duty1C4percent..Freegoods.^29percent." thesmallcapillaryvessels,wherenutritionandsecre-wastheactionofGovernorSewardinr»jardtotheCatholic*andthoaveragerangeof800to900-thottsandths,betgen-to get rid of their slaves as rapidly as possible. A nd to permit him to part with any of his troops. E r e in V» est Virginia expressions of opinion have been evenby specific exercices for that end as to increase the amount where- it is needed by any debilitated organ, ordiminiehjtinanypartsufferingfromcongestion.SCHOOLS.• -,1 . s > .eyed tcrutiny touching his orthodoxy on the Slave^ since—hardly sufficient time has elapBed to illustrate. remedied. . , . . agiet. to vote for Bate., bot are afraid of 8eward. I have'ever-3.Byotherexercisesthechestandlungsxaajbo hauledhi*work*,butdonotgetcompleteinformation. Mod km Church. He is an Aholitionist of the most ob- ture* withtn the income of the Province for the year or four inches in outer circumference. Thus vitality North^kEwptianlme,Il>tJtuL.lQ,lJtoo.oeived atth* MmtmPhfiadeiph^from Wup to thedateof the " i f e H k E R S S S ireporttheinrthersumo/flS^p haskeee«the Wat la Phih%delnhia.:OthermjafiajTI» » ^noximsstampintheeyesof GovernorWtoo and Tht Richmond Examiner.Touchingthequsstioftoffceodo»ofthoughttn-m-|"N•': $';% .""-'"'/REIXY. ' I Theexplanation ofthenatter embraced inyonr1859—and finally brings bis pamphlet to a close With avery patriotic sen&a«nt,"ri» J — is increased, the pulse made slower, a n d the whole"Thefbtore Maydump* oarpolitical rdjikiona;bot Ifed 2item increased in power. Thisnotonlyincreases .assuredUwdaywillwm*axrirewhenCanadawillwittthoiahoc e nutrition ofthewhole body,bat securesamore\Untitled DocumentTHE MOVEMENT CURE.TotheEditor ofTheN. Y. Tribune.A man for the times. ascertained that the vessel lying at the London Dock The ambitious aspirations of all the.other candidates was for sale, and was not going to sea. The lodging- havebeen,inamoreorlessdegree,gratified bybeing honse keepers,therefore, went to Nicholl andoom-'•Thusitwouldappearthat thedebtofthe Province ago,whereitsincehasbeenpracticedextensivelyun- thattheHon.Ncal Dowhasfallenavictimtotheuse niracvor anything else. Subsequently,Walkerhash«encreatedandstandsrepresentedbytheseneces- sary public improvements/derthepatronageofGovernment,andhasextended to other countries.ofintoxicatingdrinks. Todenytherumorinthis quarter were an'.act of supererogation. Tlie" worst personal or political enemy of Mr.Dowin Mainehimhewasthecaptainofthecelebratedslave Wanderer; that he nad purchased the Marianne wasgoingtotakeherona "blackbirding"exp*ThewriterofthisarticlehasresidedforsomemonthsThis seems sound reasoning,and showsaconstantperseveranceandenergythatoughttoinspireconfi- in.thiscountryinwhatwastheonlyiustitutionwhere wouldscouttheidea. Itcouldnowhereob|cainthe Witnesssnippedseveralmenforhim,but.onseat of the Federal Capital.By inserting this correction youwill oblige yourSuascniBiiR.New York, Feb.'11,1860.CASSIUS M. CLAY THE RIGHT MAN.In 1857, the L giala ure,"<mM'>&ti£ •'t:'operationinthecity,andintheState. withoutanypetitionfromthepeopleask.ngforit, THEHON.M.F.CONWAY AMD/JOMirturefromincreasingthesalariesofJudgesduringtheiringundereevcre taxationforallthepurposesofgov-ernment, such a move is intolerable; w e are taxed tosupport the carta's, and to support all th e departmentsof Government. The State is even obliged to be stiogyin the payment o f first claims a n d bona fide debts !Why then vote to pay $200,000 to the Judges, whenthey have neither equity nor justice to command it. courteously, that I do not believe that Brown ever ioMI - rt... Tbey all knew the piice they were toget when elected,done, and have gone a t it" with ready and-resolute will, and they have not, some of them; been able to answer the calls made upon their time and talent. O n e of them (I can speak but for one), between the 11th of November and the 31st of January, h a s given sixty- eight lectures, missing not one appointment, resting only through the holidays and some Sabbaths.lhe others have, doubtless, done as well, but the writer has not the facts. These ladies have, in most instances, been able to pay their own expenses, and in some t o nearly accomplish the. feat o f paying their own salaries. They are not disappointed o ld m a i d s - desolate widows—or unhappy wives—though there i s one widow, and. one w ho has passed, what is called the sunny side of twenty-five.Miss Susan B. Anthony, the general agent, residesat Rochester, and is unmarried. M rs. Ernstine L . states that " Gen. Herran, New-Granadian MinisterRose .ofNew-York city, is too-widely known to need " at Washington, and family, catne out in the Atlan-comment. The same may be said of Antoinette " tic, en route for Bogota, where the General goesto yet they are ready to expose this secret to blacken tho- &GEN. HERRAN'S VISIT HOME.T*theEditor ofTheN. Y.Tribune. ISIR: Your Panama correspondent, in his letter ofFebruary 2, which appeared fat your iesue of to-day, soul; and yet they are among the loudest in execra**was in the United States and there was no probability that he would accept the position, he has been elected as Representative in Congress bv Cundinamarca, onecourage, and such an ardent love for the "whole"Union, one and indivisible;" that he would, if ne-cessary, peril his life in its maintenance. Such a Presi-dentwouldbeCassiusM.Clay,ifnominatedbythe thenproceededwith. Theevidenceofseveraloutfit-ters wastaken,showing that Walker hadobtesmeit goods and money from them by representing thai h e was the owner of the ship Marianne. Mr. NienoSCwat •,? aleo put into the witness-box against them. He staled that the prisoner introduced himself a s " Captain D. Walker," stating that he had parchased the Mariasand wanted a crew of thirty men to go withhimElication of exercise to cure disease. This systom was originating, I believe, with The Netf-Lcndon Star, him a crew of as wild follows as he liked, ready rst.invented byLing,in Sweden,nearly"fiftyyearssets, "Very respectfully,L. T. H.thus unto the end.C . A . STACiti»0LK.;Peak gold as follows: " The fineness of tbe gold hae Fromtheabove,thegeneralpolicyofthecountry iiontakeplace,andthusovercomeanymorbidordis- CommonSchool*,whichTaiwd»hueandcryagahuthimatth* erallyUeewithinS25to845. Theauoyingnwtalissil-2. By certain exercises the blood may beforced into• :: . »' •! ''tani* amis* •» WVT*MW ,j:283?* feezed thatthereWW 2M*»<****«•TM TP of a secret which could only have been conveyed « t t ^ "7tion of his memory. They pretend to be in poamsia*der bonds of the most sacred private friendship; a n 4Cape Coast for palm oil. Thomas McGrath, clerx%t*£%*v* reoehSSSoui &&&&%&$* >'MlTs. .,.cA' v : ..'. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 