 ?of thethrough them ?nevolence—apart from what is given to sustain the —tbe tombs of aenerally-^rblmtoThe March number of the American Journal Church of thelately isilanart b**-han mentionedthis romance of New-Englandkingsto take of petty monarchi of our day, the servants of tha MVNMprofit FowiiB & Wills publish a little bo<dc on Domestic Economy, entitled How to Live, by Bo-seize the rein* of gorer'unent with a strong hand:mythical" O Lord of Boats, God of Iirael, that divlnest be-" " the subjective" and—The social, commercial and of tbe religious historyprayer,penned nor legendary art inspiredthe ideal" having for their outward dress the story of Jewish prejudice, thenodded, On thevariety,Iliad.fashion to court the populaceuttered a word ia-and Some encouragement of theirthou art the God, evm tkou •iMWj thoa baat made earth and heaven. In-A Florida correspondent of the Observer givesto the le- long been convinced that institutions purely demo- State. Nearly all the ministers settled in East Flori- evidence of the religion* faith of the Egypt of foorbetiayiiig!citizens toldbythe headin other to the words,O Lord, and tee, and hear, aU the words of Sen- aaeiMrS), wUdi hath sent to reproach the Living Grod.interestingsooner or civilization, or both.da are aid from missionaries, receivingthousand ago, are here laid before the eye. Tha yearspapyrus-scrolls, upon which tbe Egyptian* recordad•yes,is that ofMr.YooBHiES,that he has incratic must,later,destroyisliberty, ortheMissionary Boards, and engrafting upon their regular avocations the labors and pains of travel Into destitute sectionsreligion,mission- valuable things in this collecnoo. "This papyms ifoimed several layen of an t by aqaaiic plaatHaw, Ibeiefon,O Jehovah onrsave us from hUInwhere tbetheir and their historyare the i pertMp*God,that tlMia ait the Lord, even thoa only." (Iialah zzx*fl«U-20.)himself, may believe tliis ;populationdense,untruthfnlness the very efforts made by;rollsor inthousand dollars are now due to missionaries, for finished, formed books, ranging waiith fromto edneeal it ; it is not the formal, lifeles* style oftndttlOD, but the pure, emotional truth of the liv-aMuseum atwhich 1*feet aad long,ing^ feeling, inspired witness. Though threesupernat-that,and unless theof HiKonoicshave m Dr. AaBon'a gazed—•ad beheld in thespirit.andstrong military gorenunent,and BaaoBVS, and is attested by the Ifactoftheverysuddenand tendnatioa of Sennacherib's expe-"angel oi the Lord went forth, and smote in theofIt is theBut the time will come wheuwillbeasthicklypeopledasOldEngland.Wages be theChristianizingoftheheatheninBostonEgyptianfitioa avrinat ^gjjt,U well as Judea:Then theand, in tbose Hanchesters and Birminghams, hundreds of thousands of arti-and made to minister to the mummied torn cats in Dr. Abbott's coUce- every applianceIINew-En?landChurches of Boston are defined "the to TranseripcTh»recognizesit,hisand not — generallysaved a considered a bycient Egyptianslaiion, tor they speak of a triune Gotl. ancela,th* £t11 One, and other things of wihrhilchb our Chrtetlaa filth of the uesent time teaches us.Dr. ASBon's Museum contains two thousand dUTiar-MfggHfef'g ,lg#g««- kUeiii^teovaaafUs labaratflMaevaieBea.ttMMMtea i^nolf at liml aechai^fcafeia. dlai,have Sephan^OL ItaaaPAaMBUua. The?Dd before,ureer partly in the pages of Harper's Month- downward progress, either dviUiatkMi as liberty Fifthf jn tie jjhbr of taatmcthig its men, who are per-of a life whichcheapnessto haveir, fbe tmammt, eontemplate ths other The argument on the New Testamentall theseandJinW&ii'ttitaimofttepreeeiitwork. We old stories.supposedstrangepaasionate aipactsSabbath-schools, ;;Bev. Dr. Thohfsob's lecture in theconnaOBHi*oUmt lUMtrwithaatlieiah?it in the form such inimitableEvaagaitat of.flkM " a Disciples' Heetm«-hoaZ^tshakiagpen.mind, the laws by which they are guided, and theSt Chnreh, ia Bran— lrs*t Steph^i'*qMetiao.1 1 what.tha world's history snmplion of thespeculations nponarable tke a wintwl mlatotCT. Tbe from, n|^pi4at«aeh«KltlM|BTugels?mythicalthanthat which is employedthe Birtk-Mttrk, BlytkdaURoma*ee, the ScarUtlalnclples whleb, by one class of thinkers, are rap-posed to origlBBts In the native power and to be seen out before mcin^parad to recelsa tha Haaaad ooo- !fo°28"'« 2P' ml'^''*"' '**^'*' lasttinte, Roob^IntbenativelightoftbeIntellect Hemunteatlens csi which I to on fr^ Ugh long stampMrs.COBAL.V.Hatchwilland evening, at Hope CbapeL 4:whole,than of the value of its contents.Monthlydicating an opinion that the supreme authority inmost efficient men are of this class. They havetwaik ft* ChomUmcUae thine ear, Lord, and hear. Open thine if it ever had any such spirit, had as utterly de-common sense revolts.has lesshibited in what is called thetheory of the Gospels has made itself mad. It has had its day ;ing at a much later age, and, in its highest finish,system During journeying byoperategummed together and then polished, and aarvea laa ed to the papyrus for the records of tbe Gtoaa* aadva IM, Is reality ;Egyptiansfor,ft*y Inso tmthful, and yet so holyvolumes which were omitted in theconverse,! BtfiKBiike, Here,thosetion of thehave since been published. There are upwards of a ruinous load of taxation laid on the rich for tbethe whole account deepens the inpnaaion. It is not the style of cloudy m;th^now in volumes thuswork is said to have been;«t distorted legend, or formal memorial tabletIs not the artificial style of fictitious writing com- such masterly exhibitions as our author has pre-of supporting the poor in idleness. Such make a public appeal for aid; itIn ad- to presentpurpose;analiTe style of the Bible, and this is the secret pernatural itself, no medium, we say,— youremption from these evils. I will frankly own tovisits were paid;of it* power. Its natural prepares ua for its super. IwtniaL After reading what precedes, in the 38th and irth of Isaiah, and the 18th uf 2d Kings, we nMijnrpTiaedat that awfiil event whose deepoa the ancient Eastern mind is I in tlie distorted legendary sccountsbetween such and full substantial forgery,had read the Monnikim could not be found in thisyou that I am of a very different Your oplnioo.wltb; i60 chlMren placed tai tbe Sabbath School, and ent relics ef Egyptian antiquity. It is not so deb inTicuua A Fuios. 1860.aad five thousand, and when the morning came, As the glory of Qbibirti rests upon hisSunday sans willtest Distresseverywheremakesthelaborermu-of the an hundred and four score Assyrisn*Bostoncampthrere were everywhere dead corpses." Call it gates, so might the fame of Hawthobhx be safelysuch as in confided to his prefaces. Most people treat pre.ndraele, simoon, or suddenone night destroyed fifty thousand in a similar Car- faces precisely as they treat gatssThe Applitoss have published the thirteenthtinous and discontented, and inclines him to listen with eagerness to agitatore who tell him that it ia a monstrous iniquity that one man should have aPhil-thousandwhich have a pecuUarly tooddag Interest to »o baby's dresa, oi woolen etoM, embroidered Iwherattafenian army, still no ene can-tive and themost tmthful history..^noieof thistary; hurry—the object of whichFor here the sufferers are not the rulers. The su-is in the hands of a numerous preme power class,the pro&ne—and it is to this of- dolis - > restrained. congregations are large and the religions spirit ac- —the playthings of children—may alio be seen hare. ^pestilence,volume ofthat there aside without a look, but not always without a great work down to March, 1839. The same pub- million while another cannot get a full meaL In»apush them iaaiObHme harmony in the exordium, the narra- word, and that rather the''reverse of complimen-Congressionaladelphia,Dlckerson-streets,e.Adenymoat remarkable, yetlishers have also issued, by J. H. Pattoh, in ainto the main edifice, and think no more large and handsomely printed octavo volume, a sometimes a little rioting. But it matters little. Methodists are about to erect a new church at the once graced som* fair Egyptian's arm, and a laijM - . ,norgatesof tlia evidence—the attestation of the sacred ceive. But there are instances to the contrary,and HawthobbkIs of these.History of the United States,is to furnish a history less voluminioua than the more elaborate works which have preceded it, and more satisfactory than the compends that abound for the use of schools.South End, far the use of the Eighth Coosregation. The front of this edifice on Tremont-street, between Worcester and Concord, will be two hundred feetBut thera are souls that demand the other sidemdeed, but select, of an educated class, of a classwhich is, and knows itself to be, deeply interested The style Is to be Gothic,and a braid of hair were discovered in this basket.by aspect the humansive of the site.»50,000, exclu- A of theportion embroidery,which had two ne«dle* eome thievish vlslwradndfiiatourauthorhas,inthetUa iinoet learned and faithful work. In such deed his only peers. This quality of preface-Accordingly, yet gently, of England The bad time is got over withoutJiAM PAn, Nodim, making springs,IdsB^irtranslation, and hi* profound disqulsUioiison tbatUOft important historian. Another mostTafai^Ie advantage he has enjoyed, in his work it lines, and lingering when the last touches• course of lecture* he was admirably qualified by the atody he had given to HutonoTCS, in preparingjustwith the discoveries of hisknown for the ability and research which itevinces, and presents the only English history will have toof the next centu- Church, Boston, tor various objects of Christlaa be- >-anou.ly ornamented it is\ -'^•*main, addressedScott,An edition of Linqard's Historybeen issued by P. O'Sbka, of this City, intents are firmly,monu-IiBSIva, the learned Egyptian archaeologist, la besque. The aull.or of the ScarUt Letter,eeOecteda ir.ay be started In Oregon or Washington Territorybave manlCasted a Interest 1* the ool ao- deeper been enter-Asyrianry,the pna«cntion of his inquiries, he has availed the , Blyihalnlc himself of all the learning on the subject, though of Sceen UaUcs, hasgivingitinagreatlycondensedform.Thepointsof suredome,"allofprofane hiatory,aswasmany have remained unlou<:hed for a^cs.by previous writers. They are here pre- as we have met him so often before -the most aanted and up-The modem manly knowledge acquired from the Egyp- daylight dreamers, the most dignified ofhabit* and tem- genersiwill need no assurance thai hi* taak has been performed with ability andlature tcill be chosen TOn one side is a statesmanBev. H. Gbattah GcinKags will preach ia the visitor*.taljttra MMaapocdnoeofdMtraauMuiaofttoliiidLXr. Ha'Wtmiui la a ton Ooodaaliia of theita *jin> tt r<iafci oli and the B>iisa*g»cf8«n» aga* ha ^oold have (afcea to alchamy aa n*tnrally been pobliatted, partly in the c<damn* of the Ok- Your Cimitlfotlol la all aafl and no aoEtior. A*wdual CgoB it obikNU to the Hebrew scholar. Thera mist bare been a reason for It, a* much •* ibr thaIsaid whena hastlM attttltM. Utar ON iriK form of the Greek namea for Athene sod , plural1,^Thla la the odor key to that perpetualor your BepubUc will be a* fearfnUyand laid waste by barbarian* in the twentieth cen- tury as the Boman Knpin was io the fifth withn>ebe*. This reason la not given In the Scripture,lAil AmifAL, raplaln all th« ay, the two Bepharrahs." Wtiether wq regardattbeHallcomerofI of the modem world?be an exact reprint of the flatest English edition,r pJazMargument;secret,and promise* to surpass It in beauty of typography,streets, on the " Sea of Gliu•a8Bev. 8. B. BXLL, of OalifRpia, will praaeh iKj;^'* wWlwefc's f»lth qne«-it a* the monument confirming the Scriptjirea, OjI admitthathisintention* and Isg,disordered,ercised iteelf had struck their roots into the writer's own heart and brsin. There could be no better proo^ of this than the sort of derision which yon seetaka the mon ration*!,t order. How does the b equally wcmderfal. It show* how inseparablyreadily wer».goadstones have batIdonotkiaat Hfht upon the dukneea of I J How does the New Testa*the perfect truthfolnees of the Bible narratives isand Ihave no doubt that I shaU de- |v*yer-meethigsthe Scriptures shedding light on the monument, itand the which it exer- subject* uponhis abilities considerable. Odious circulated about hi* private life :interwoven with the Bibia geography, .and evenr the problem of the BoDum decUnq with the peculiarities of grammatical foims. What playing about the lips of Pox while he is tellingareElder Josira K. BxLto)wax will praaeh ia tha af-*urpa**e* The author Is very (ueceeafhl in ahowing, a* against the perfectly gratnitoaa as-Whatwoold thatofPALXY. what theH<c- alientothsiJLuntRoaiidBnoBua giTeas in the Scriptures, Old and New. The Straussiaa LeUer.as they are facts ;I Bs the key to those facts—it or sheer begging of the question. It is taken byIn hi* new romance of Monte Beni he has notActs, soOfthesebrokenhistories. When themaaanto moreiiilft MliMiesi that cannot be mistaken, utter confusion of ail differences of style, this con-detail, there isi we enammta the appearance of founding of the most sober vrith the most legen-Wauexb will address tbeIregularF.Plot it ha* none, nor does any single dominant logical treatise of ability, a volume which those who terions power applied, vrilh Its sura but Impondera- nallsts at Oodwortb's Ball, la th* laerBlag.naturalare,perte.mythicalandincredible. ThisBev. JasohTbe Egrptimn Muaena.; the dary, this putting the days of Boman Governors in thnmghont, if it is not the the same category with the times of Orpheiu and ss wen ss the moat andacious of Uemnon, is exposed with great power and clear- all the marks of vivid pictores ness. The mythical, the ideal, and the statisticalthought which alone can be faintly discernedIt^adUkn earning long after the erentThere is something inteoaaly interesting aad ro^^'s; and thla, too, in the graphic emo- all jumbled together in the same brief narrativesbrosdarchesbronze Pope at Perugia, ia dim and weak at theIfrom theWas the like ever known before 7 days of publicans and tax-gatherersseparablyovertheofthewas called, a few days slnoe, to consider the.monumental, , «r Mmorial style. As an illugtration, 4M«ailip«r«theswellingnarrativeofBc-inthe in.Appended are the plans and elevatioDs of the1 tkBdrtt'dbOligQlsheddryHythsfigureforth.ques- aaddogmasish sanhedrimsay,The show of mythicalex- this kind, that should embody all the reports, both ample.a short time there was reason to consumed inand re-rationalist,that no ia mora stylepre****, Oiey take np tba ven.paaaa which I deetre«»»«i-|[ adjournedmeetingforthe diacnsalonofrdtcommentators have aaxiom, that ail narratives of the super-standing petitio priactpn,tbeir Binds aDa*1iearti forever. When one sorreys The book pare the parts with each other. In their relative Im-nute> tUs intrinsic tmthfhlneas, as it appears tion of didrachmas, and the official duties of cism on art and men, has an interest of its own ;Iof theAssyrian inscrip-details,withcensus-takings,snd the collec-scription,cityof Seitnet and Arts contains several articles of more meetlns appears to have been peenllsr. Tbe tales and eogrosses the enttra femalethan usual lnt«re*t Prof. Gsat, of fur- pastor made a long statement of hi* rea- who shall receive tbe nomUatlon at the Cambridge, sons for de<lrijig to sever his coonecUantellnUi S7, and 2 Kings, zviiL Both records, the Koman centurions, and the intricate political divi-Jl«iiik.,and the Assyrian, refer to the same event, sions of Palestinian Tetrarchies. No, this is utter-aoiStte narrative we have, in fact, the ly incredible. There ia less difficulty in Pn^hafs regardingatji/of hott. In reading the insolent language the Gospels as sheer forgeries, cunningly wroughtbut as a romance the story of Monte Beni is deso-lately incoherent. In his worthier works, BAw- nishes o* a review of DAEWta'a 7%<ory on U« Origin with his coBgregatloo, charging the members of Conventloa ? and last, bnt not least who I* to *a0* TBOBBX has commonly succeeded in troubling the of Specie; This is a subject respecting which the his flock with coldness and indlinrenoe ; rocaldng to tbe hard knot of the "Italian question f—it b J».we almoat seem to be Ues, known to be lies. followingas it seem mayhis readers. In this he simply reveals the and men of science ralistsImpossibleand hiTAXD, as they decipher for as wholly incredible as is now everywhere admitted ftlfclel* of Nineveh. We recognize the to be that once favorite hypothesis of the " vulgar brnetiim, the same despotic infidelity," it is more easy of belief than this late ; Kahavessimilarlistofconquered mythicaltheorywhichhassoinfatuatedsomeof the learned in Germany, and which is so readily taken by others, who would be thought learned in England and among ourselves. There has nevergeuerally.troubling, not of his own imagination alone, but of bly attract the attention of thsologiass also. there are obstacles deUberstely thrown la the way, carriages, railroad ticket offices, ce iring-iBaehiao"^hj^llliiii hast heard lAat the Ungs of AuTria >a»agiafo all laads: Have the gods of ths n&tioiuWe have also notices of the great Auroral display North America, extending from Canada on the norththe world is doing ;—It is Interesting to tnd ihatlB adriMMttem-wUdimyfttfaershavel'Bkra>, aad Rei^ah, aad the children oflaoatiTelaawr; Who*Church aad minister mnst now await tlie further ac- tion of tbe Presbytery.•and dusty ball—wlilch makes It all the mora raiu*-:^'tic—you may shut yourself out Ikom the aaC ptesaat,sit down among the rules of a elvillntiaa ud ali theLtha ktDg of Asphad, and the king of theeMyyBnriSb the langnags of the inscriptions, evendown to the identity of some of the very namesaadIn no age, and in nomighty klBf-t Hens, and Ireh !" B'sjiliai aim,of itsle than in thevigorof itsThe Pro-1 It is as tbmigh the winged bulls hadbrokenvoice. Itisthesame maditeBons Egotism that is spread over all theselanguage, custom,national char-physiology,eagfe-headstoastonished our police the Park Congregational Cbapel, BrooUvn, New-tablets. Nodivine^BO pictures of emotional life, to relieve thethat abound in these unbrokenand tbe workmen in the Central Park.It would be to commend this superfluousYork, His style of preaching seems adapted to all classes, but Is especially attractive to tbe working peo-glory,noMessianicw Dk seen in Broadway,dettioyed,more complicated chapterthan that which arose from the mixture of Boman and Jewish polity in the days of ourkingofasbeenin all a historySaviour and the Evangelists.part of the world, was there ever furnished a more infallible lie-detector, or exposer of counterfeit histories, than that which arose out of these inter- ramificationi ofacteristics, priestly and civil powera, dates, political divi6ions,local prerogative and central imperial rule. It was a state ofto myth-makers, and to all story-tellers of every kind, who had not on their side an assurance of the most perfect safety, in their perfect consciousness of subjective verity, and their unmistakableation of this subject and anticipate that Itto England, 1* noticed by the London tftor as follom^that formed a race and a mightyandtilings,of allothers, more perilousjournal towhile they lived, built themselves splandid, aad,"VawliiDlDoas do we find it. The Assyrian lion-Mafaafhiiy ai« called in the Hebrew, (and in such so thoroughly ransacked, in all its details, as that very interesting his characters are does not augurof writes that Mr. Bingham, New-Haven,healiSJhir acBoidanee, too, vrkh the spirit of the mon- of this remarkable FormACAUIiAT ON DEMOCRACV.teresting. A clever and curious paper " About Cnrlena l^ectcr fro^ Lord MaemnlayvB Amer* reKularattendant at the new Mission'BWatt^)ihe i^iag Babahafcsh, the trembling Jew- iAqifiwn^tlieewa-etrTiek crowd upon the walls lis-nearlythe least inaccuracy in the many interweavings ofThieves," vnitten of course in this happy capital and of the "Minions of the andlean IiMCitntlons ajid Prespects, fVoin the Boutkem Literary Mesaenger.The loUowing letter, which we have beenat Kutnaua, and the people had destroyed their prin-Odrei,the splendors of Eainac, with tta it* massive column*, ita iliiyfluui>ml^|. »tUa Hebrew-Aramaic dialect, in which thsary lour through the Island of Farawa, lohablted bySDltingsigna,might But really, what a marvelous theory is this which essayspublished,latK>r with increased demands our andintently to what they can understand oftheir wondrousRoman and Jewishwith these outwardkingdoma fantastical seadrilt of " BardicHoon;"a but was received inAssyr- strivestostirthemupto —Symbols," publisher's lead-pencilof sphinxes,ia*it Is'^ i^ht before us, becoming almost actualit needs noof apermittedpresentpeople,in thenybaasadormutiny:.made to show a few slight discrepancies with Jo-ghostpersons.eleainess of the conception. We fol-"proof comes out stronger and stronger, that, as remarkable Kosmos," Mr. Walt. Wbitma», are belongsil^tfWibtatattskriyiiaase, aad lays the insolent letter of Benda^erib npon the altar, spreading its sharp, in-correspondence,of some"iMfna the Lord, that Israel's Qbd himselfEvery year developsnew fields ofof Rome we are In auntil at we lengthremember that whleb tells oaarrow-heads,"or Chaldsan squarewithoutofin a—Henry S. Randall, Esq. Dear Sirsays;on, on, museum.rtai the braggart's blasphemy.An anthropo.Mr. and I am Jkffibson,prise. am certain that 1 Iatnever wrote a line, andsplendid cities have taining suitable and constant la^rers. They were crumbled Into lonely ruins, and even the bones of its—is presented to our credulity!Mjths, in whichsurprisedyoursur-(hat itspalacesandregalevent they venture to set forth. These writersvery meagre supportfrom men of sciencealone-have stood the trial, although no history has beenfinished.period.sand years have they challenged the detection ofstoryhistory. Attemptsof have beensavage race, kindly, preaching more than thirty villages, to some sixteen hundredsirBUS, but from all investigations of the kind thetowers.Shissak withhis »»—«»—accurate as he is in the is maih,article on Kiplxk, and a very reckless paper oninson with the Evangelists and the writers of the"Mexico"—Acts and of theEpistles,the less reliableance,toilet'e, equallypreparedYou areupon libernUty thesmallsutnscootrit^iitcd, yet lor five or six years of our history, your Board was unable to expend it, owiog to tbe difficulty of ob-In a newIs now the desolate tomb of thesepathic representation, indeed so the caviller might we as prominent figures, Boman soldiers or New-Hampshire and a batch of critical ;no-say ; but what a picture of life ! Then let ua Lis-l*je>and Boman politicians'. The representations oftices, over which the Judge, we think, must have that I never, in Parliament, in conversation, or happily compelled to seek evangelists from those whoten to thatinvention neverat least as often as Homer over theplacemainly quate Eupportwhicheven on the hustings—a where it is tbe had retired from labor for the want of ade- people are scattered.yet,compari-the oneto make itstheIIOLLT LoDoi, Ks.iBisOTO!!, LoSDOiT, May 23, IBST.IprincipalGreek,south,The visit of Bev. H. D. of Kokthbop, Brooklyn,pointswhichto in-authority.figure on:surprised to learn that 1 have not a lugh opinion of erergy. Notwithstandingworld,imercy paternalPresbytery ter la and anmnd that mach-freqaeatsd |>en**|Mi4a^knowaUatherelate to a wellrope, and will be read with pleasure andmuSt some periah. EitherM.•Ions hktaat ChwBhteBeviAxToixxm Baom BuAKwausriB elude IMT Wtnler dlsoonraa* by aDecidedlyprominentto Central America on tbeon tbe east to California on the west We are glad;oomprebaadingly. Theyknown sectioD of Eu-Casssr or Hspoleon wiUHeyrtUsolutely.crucibles and catacombs which floatsof allprandetedlyexagmrated. a marvelously accurate knowledge the "tra- you hla webd tales. The madman laughs at prospectus may have excited. The edition is to count of him.still held here, begtnnlag atis le- ditionista" mnst have had, who are never found hi* own madness and atbe, dear Sir,T. B. MACAtJLlY.tenoonsttbe comer of Oraad hall,and F'—Hlh 'of belief thsFi ml jet nnreasonable as is its deniand, itI^tt-ielMeTite,atidlearnedandpicasmensay,musthavebeenpoeaessed theman,oryoustumbling In these Incidental minutla Uaiet It Mks that the Inmlnoas be con- supemataral power of inventloi ,— cleanies* of printing and qoality of paper, while,mingledwith Fbe."•"by forgedIntensityth*andcmvenienceofformtherecanba no comparison between the twa"NatleesofBev. Dr. Ttko'8 last letter onaWhata sardonic, not very wholeaome laagh. Haw- we might almost TBOxra, on tha contrary, has all the honestIofsnamateur.WhenheisdealingwithCaiavxa's Church In tbe eventsg, on * SeU«iaB*MaveBeBia."•^ JoablsmandProtestantlaaInCaUfotnla."of touching sentiment, of natural criti-acceptPrssbytsrlanof Brooklyn. Tbe scene at this nets, or will they not )—a quasUoa whUh aow^^the current issue of thisof Jewish schools and the acts of a iew- excels its predecessors rather by lorce of the a State oueht to be intrusted to the majority of proved themselves worthy of all acceptation."ancient may be. In a studied in EgypUans measure,Dr, AsBon's Museum. Interesting proofs of theirfrom which theparted as from a modem church synod or an;!American Congressmythical spirit,about them. in And,:assuredlydifficulty.learningor idealthere.sociallieve each other in officiating at public services. Asented, we see that " this latest rttse ofdition to theseforthcon^ing embodyand barbarous as France of thecorrectness of the Otuistian histories.The Gos-theyengagedfor sev-enslaved Press. is Libertygone;but civilization are maturing at the treasury$250day. in theTurin,ilxty!The rationalist, as he calls-do indeed relate theural, but they have nothing of the mythical abouteral years.We have from Townsz.vd & Co. another vol-have occasioned Inconveni- great'There are tluee of these sacred rolls— which tba opendle ground between sheerIt contains The Monnikim, one of the earliest of wouldperishor orderpropertywould be and Lib-TheIf we cannot receive the former—fate I believe to be certain, though it is deferred bythe superb typography in which the publishers a physical cause. As long as you have a bound- dred prayer-meetings were also held, and 131 hope- the kind in the world, aad Is enriched with 100,000less extent of fertile and unoccupied land, your ful conversions are The annual report specimens of former Egyptian grandeur. But Dr.ever in which any man of pastmayThe vulgar infidelity,, weThe Church In Presbyterianand inths of now, lightsrepresenting that the four thousand years old, and yet these scroll* of pa a system would, in twenty years, have made present liabilities of the Board amount to «95,000, be- pyrus are as smooth, and the Ink, black and red-like other previous as8aults,is becoming subservient statutes,poor Cariovingians.Happily the danger was avertedto that only other verdict whose evidence has been so strongly and so marvelously guarded in this re-Our Bible-clas3 and What Cametitle of a book by Miss C. E. FAiBrrxLD, just pub-lished by DiSBT & Jacksoh. Its special object isto impress the -importance of continuing instruc- you as with us. You will have your Mauches- eventiig schools organized, devoted missionaries em- biros and animals. There are four handsnmamarkable chapter of human history.MONTE BEM. By Natbahiil UAWTBoasa.will be as and will fluctuate as much with low,neitherfaces commonly deserve more grace than they re-nick-nacks which such baskets contain In onr o«nof egotism;;here. The necklace of Mirtss, theEgyptthe royal rinr of Cheops, ^Hn Btonnments is spiritualalso very fully brought out. gossips. But having taken his hand to enter his perament of the authorstrictobservance of public faith. On tbe other is a dem- morning at Dr. Tboksox's Church in Grand-street; theagogue ranting about the tyranny of capitalists afternoon at Cooper Institute, and In the evening atchief interest of the book Ues in those»*•* are devoted tonew Italian house, we must confess at once andsheuid be the Academy of Music. He will also oonttntMmeSHauti PrlrtmoecaS-lsvvlisiitilo theComlofSp^ftraw^rBw Mnddmices here areAssyriancandidlybuilt it.Romance ofpurely speculative romance, inevening services at Dr. BoacHAAh's Church In Thir-pose of wooing the InfanU. ,^h tsUaadiMlb, aad Kglath-pileseh, andartut Thewanthetruly wonderful. Sen-that we areAnd this for divers reasons. Theand and usurers,Mechanics and Ex- permittedTablets.sorryresearch. Fundamental Ideasasking why champagneof necessaries. Which of the tico candidates isEsar.haddoo,Monte Bernw Aa civU en-Se ir<ik ofagreattstruth,pre-day— - sdsaors, thread, scraps of embroidery, « eon»if thecountry.However this may have been hitherto,362 to attend church. Seven hun- there as the Museum at Turin, which is tbe finest ofSirWaltixof course, from a certam mag-nificencefectly sincere, frankaccustomed to find exquisite delightwagesrise, tranquillity has a house in Boston. The work is well cheerfuhiess. I have seen England pass three or pastor,four times through such critical seasons aa I have described. Through such seasons the United Statesin the courseyou passand .th^ehairaeoahaau ^ who mraded Jta- nthe egotism of and honorablea per-national prosperity soon begin to flow againwork gregation generally participatein thesinging, and thefirst •« - ihave been l;t!'ito riant v;nes about the pillars of the porch, andWJenuponwritten from a Roman Catholic pointofview whichpass,if not of this. How willEgypUanthe roof of the stately edifice,fri.v.es with regretfulreason and wishes are at war, and I catmot 1858, over fifty- nine hundred dol'ars. twenty -five bun* myRomance, ji:.st builthim a new " Slavery and the Crime of Slaceholding, Demon- distressed and discontented majority. For with plea-baa contributed as much aa this to Its treasury.come to the antiquarian resaardiarnom th* ^ooaEtiuscanmosaics, ^ST^li he has baptisid by the title ofand who is DOW stationed on the Pacific coast, offers though the Pac'Jic ChrUtian Advocate, (5 towards purchasingthe Romance of Monte Bcai. For he has this, too,of Boston.of theIt Is impossible to enumerate here the many very„-3. _'andBhabMBaaar-aad Baigon, and Nebuchadnez- which the romantic element is utterly depressed gineer, has been published by the Applxiohs. justa man who hears School Union in behalf of the desUtot* aad nnoaiad- preferredby -workinghe hasanybodyand to ride in a car-^"""s-Ki. f, tnh .aTi1theforgery, willful, bold,;TractSociety, duringpastday competent thoughtpersons persuaded:arein-genius,in the ago by;of aSchool, which includes also a large Bible class."a task on whichhave beenrate of abouthas been saved. I have not the smallest doubt The delays which have already occurred. In forward- is one of the sacred book* of the aasUnt Egyptiaa*>announcementsAmonggal professionpress Messrs. Abbott Bkothxbs' Digett of themarvelous,The sane mind them, either in style or thought. There is no mid- ume of their elegant edition of Coopkb'8 Novels. poor would plunder the rich, and civilization will ensue.pelstkeoaand years away, it is present in spirit, here,if we had a purely Democratic (Government the effect would be the same. Either theing remittances,ence and disappointmentshall soon be replenished, much positive suffering Museum, which are exceedingly beaatlfoL Tliatr&islution of a portion of these saeredjbookaof KgTfl, by Chaufoixiob and othen, has proved that the Aa-cf Iliaas hs recognizes his own Inward status and impious, motiveless.inexplicable, marvelous even•ntward acts. Buch, too, we may say, is the if not more marve—lous than some aspects of the su- success. It used to be said ^probably with a good Ton may think that country enjoys an ex- ents of districts, and S91 visitors ;thoaghtfolreadereven—there is deal more malice than truth that the man who 1,769,192 pages of tracts and 302 Bibles. Nearly 11,000i must haver»e«selved a nT»- primlltseverity. is for-or learning would venture to maintain it, then allthat remains for us is to accept the issue, to thank Godforthoissue,andreverentlybowourminds interestingbook.productions,ert»- wouldhave now issued it, with the b**otiful illustrationslaboring population will be far more at ease thanthe of the old world laboring populationreported.states that a great number of coltsge prayer-meet-Abbott's is exceedinglyrare and and ha interesting,which can t>e found Innoaain th*of D'KLZT, might tempt one to read a much lesshave been held at the houses of theiniis poor,haaT. L.THE MARBLE FAUN, OR THE ROMANCE OF tion in the~Bible beyond the periods at which lers and Birminghamsreverence to favorlla they paidchildren are generally withdrawn from Schools. It is in form of a story, and thus aims tocombineentertainmentwithinstruction.four humanDebates, bringing thisat the comer of Tenth andto accommodate residents In the southern part of tbecity. Rev. Mr. McAsAirr, late of St. Paul's, is charged fond mother's fingers, aonr doaty and fad«d or thaacquaintancebrother, the deciphereria»n<f. and in his correspondence wltli to fret its a last ara- is accessibl* to the public. It is published in neat I heartily wish you a good deliverance. But my cause among themselves were, dnring the year Bers, into which were deposited, with thalrambainssd '• lU* af ^fhia waO-k^wn ^ ''irto 'iiriftiaraM" «l«t(S«a''tf^ paraatlf*>iai WMmly^itoa ki ettttet in ditoftaaatft^lit ofabadhitaA ToWBe of LeMei-t fivm aufitzeritnd, hy be, 1 Wm tpOtUkm. Iha .,Bev. B. L Fun, haa bean published by Bbilbo* creaaa Oa dhtuMi Xhe illalTna*. aig _.,__i|ga,b«toB#«k-]iat«f toamaglNblB aacnta of nature. Had he lived in the middle ft Co., Ho. lis Naaaan-st. L* contanU have freal^ npoUatios. . Tbeif i« nothing to itayTonthe an- incomprebenaible, and fathoming the unfathomable, possesaes him ab-ofpaarim kiMwingthronghbnt it is bicidentally, and yet moat lamloonsly, dis- hi* writing*. He ha* often been called a morbid LOii BoBiXBoa. It is in the form of a tale iUus- this difference, that the Hun* and Vandals, who evening,; tnres.ofwhlehflMi aeooBdwUI biclosed on one of the monamenental tablets. writer ; liiit the de«lgnatIon Is no more tratlng the contraat between wastefulsets and ravaged the Boman Empire, came from witboot, Bev. BxaiAMix H. AMTtai*is described a* " aWbold tluu be- on the right, partly en the left bank of th* HAURB-dslvIng into the aoci*! geology of the Kit Kelvin's Kernels la the title of a mlacel- rngenderei within yoiu country by your own in- In tbe Free Church of tbe Holy Kaitna'iktBepbarvaimcity lying partly aptto hhnthan it weold beto Yoveconomy in household aflair*.Tba woDderfal Enphiatea." (See p*ge Ml.) It i* a* if we shonld "worship of Bapbomit. His mysticism is not like the mysticism of Pox, for instance—a pearl gen- eratedbydisease. ThegeniasofFoxwasitsel'^laneon* little volhme of storie* and sketehe*, pub- lishedbyBollo,InPark-row.stitution*.I (Thinking thus, of course, I cannot reckon Jtr-riBsoa among the benefactor* of mankind.evening. ., a*.--. Bev. Mr. Pbothihohab wiU preach in the a***'^We have receired some specimen pagesof the edition of Lord Baoob'x Works, which beenBroadwayandTnlilisinijfl^' atreet Subject—" Liberal Chrlrtanltv a Praatto* - Faith." ^?'*-An evening prayer meeting vvUl be h*U at commence pnbliahing on the first of Joly neat. think it probable that they are false, or monatroa*- North Dutch Chnroh, in WilUam atreet ThsUessn. Bbowx A, TAsaAXD, of Boston, propose tokiiow on what evidence those storiM natThey fully justify all the expectations which theirIrive both pleasure and information from yonr ac- noor"a* the publisher* state in their prospectus, forKB1.IGIOD8.he has thoroughly studied, and ha* analyzed at The Intuitions the Mind, Bev. Jahis in the Inde/tnieitt, dwells open the Importance of tbe • Fulfilled Propheeles''fi>r fldi evening liee •'Yk^^'hisleisure,Hawtbobkiaccordinglypresent* youwith his cnriou*•flic*oftnalractn. Heremarksor think of flri* agency a* ever rivaling, or really sen-Fate of Petra."Mr.DKBAa C. Bbkwxb, the•'•it free from hisis a mere fermentation of impreeaion*. manner in which they manifest themaelve*. It is aofby "VCosB, LL. D., 1* Issaed by tbe same publishers. Dr. M'CeSB examines, with aaddnlty and with eare,:I eaimot speakof suchresulting studies a* the Miuitter'i Black Veil, the pcdally It* process In giving birth to those Idea* and Uke tbe ftigers of one of those beaaOfoI power Anclear,suchwell-defined,the law* which governtbe^operation* of mind, ••-''investigate* isdnctively the evidence of the existence of InttUttons,speak, aftemoCK waited for the golden drop to lorm before the place which they taolil in the constitution of the this traaqnll bnt powerfol oparattoa. It is vata to com- Bev. Dr. Spxxcxb will preach in the evening'^'all adapted, all In aideridea grow throngh it to the close. The religion* love metaphysics will delight to peruM. ble energy, the resnlt come* oat tbe bapplaeo and thenassea,m;*-ofaU. Andwhothat*taad*toThe prt>ceedinga of the first annual Convention threlnKmlpoh«lng and contemopfitah'le*regiilartty mystertooa beautyof th* American Normal School Association, held work, would desire to go back to tlM dnaliB hand-glimmering along it* page* from the first whitegleam of the faun's commencing life among the at Trenton, N. J., last Somtaer, have been pubUaiied press of the individual laborer, toUlag, with far great- mantle in tbe fact that wbUe walking ap Hiimtp ajforest solitudes of a snnlit antiquity, to the 8. BASns dt Box*. The value of thes*the results."A special meeting of the CincinnatiHytluconnected.Intheirdatoaandmostmi- best. Allthatthebookcontainsofvigorousde- State*.Normal SchoolbuUdiagsIn theUniteddlisolvlngthe connection ofnoon ofand lovewhichlostltutionsl their theory, workings, and results, are fuUr setInavalumeentitledAmericanNomatSckooU,byA erweariness,toaccomplishbatasmaUportionoffineany sunny day, viewing leisurely tbe maa^ avl*desces of onr moden ctvliizatiaa - high whiah *kl^most distlsguUfaed namea In our country are divided. their minds tbe fict that he had latxired wltb ttaem terestlsg, while tblnUng of thete things. In theariM waters of the imagination to the infinite good of Tbe article will be read with great Interest by natu- for five years, bnt that daring tbe past year " he had of a busy noonday crowd, made up of PuOsaod Meere,It seen evidences that his labors are fi'uitlesa ;" and add-vrlll proba- ing a decided expression of his belief that " where rattling omnibuies, express wagons, FUth-areao*bis intellect, and even of his conscience. The Geopraphlcal notices of Mr. Gujiak, librarian and there la likewise a deliberate deslgaon the part signs, play- bills, fashionable churches, telegia^ of Tale College, contain, among other things, an In- ofsome to keep those obstacles in tbe way. and tbe wires, big hotels, with their big eoaobe* htmylagThe Atlantic Monthly for April, with its teresting sketch of tbe Ufe of Rima, the dlstln- minister. In view of his appointment to a holy wo-k, pasaeagers to steam on water or Undusual ante-pnnctuality, already lies on our table* The range of the contributor* to this journal seemK to be steadily widening, and we trust that the circle of its subscribers is widening therewith.;raggedbay*thenumber is the "Professor's B^ory," which im- proves as it advances, though rather in the qualityfeature of the currentof the planet recently discovered vrithin the orbit of into a much more attractive, because a much Mercury, and an accotmt of tbe splendid meteor ofTBBop is a young man, about three and and twenty,has come to England on a visit, expecting to returnand Idolized — who gods kings, weraaot, Mjiha-,more composed and laical, fashion of treat-ment and But it is as uncer- expression. yet quitetain whether the adventures of his heroine will betofopcaM^generate anyful whether bis hero will not melt away into a to the lubscription list of this Journal, they may ben-I npatiCoosaliaj—iifaiilf liiiiliiiii despotism. But what a vision•I ^RBlstakahle reality in the verses that immedi-•tdjjfallow. After getting all we can from thesedaikj^mbols,weturntothepageofHolyWrit,and knovyledgeoftheabsolutetruthfulnessofevery beseennomore,beforethefirst volumeishalf tainaperiodicalwhichcanneverexpectmorethina ha*receivedrecentletter* fromhissonintheMi- reflectiondoesitfamish! Ourthooght*g*backtosufficiently surprisingopportunityto commend it botti to the attenUonpreciousmaygeneric type," dissolve into thin air, vanish and efit tbemielves while they lend a helping liand to sus-The Professor's way of telling you how two thou- very favorably for his power of making them in-form us, csme out from out ocean-deeps of thatarybe sent to resideamongWe think ofon, on, imiil we come to the royal liiisaij alai** perfumed locks and fairy luxury led capUn tbe prUa4t «f The Kentucky Missionary Board has been organ- glittering chariots, returning a conqueror with tha lawtibiS'gbodKbgHexekiah as he goes humbled tested by evidences impartial to both, Jossfbus also noteworthy. Then we have a very deliberate years' standing, between Lord Macaclat and ized nearly nine years. It has labored under dls&d. stolen treaiuier* of the temple of Jsinaalaa, aadpreparedchange the other—appear- volume ofLifeof Jefferson.tothe stump in some back country village of Maine;gulsbed geographer, who died last age of 80 years.baanotsufficientpowertocleartbemaway,itisbiswindows theand from Halifaxto see determination to make a thorough Investiga- "Rev. H. D.. NoBTBSop, of tbe United States, people8t>fessor is gradually subsiding from the explo- Important results.sively-scientific energy with which he opened In tbe Miscellaneous Department we have a notice about 4,000, was crowded In every part Mr. Noa- wlib the tombs and the skeletons of once pemcMplot.inyears ago. In this silent place you are nirooadait*Nov. which so much li, 1859,ehortlyAmerica, being engagedchargelar will, but sovereigns whose power wasand who, not content wltb the homage of tha w|grldto the AmericanThe Chiefs had a Uisiion- requested that|gates,topdges of the Messenger, fills up that chasm. Itto an occasionalHon. HiKaT 8. Eaudall, of New-York, author ofmay lead tolast in the Pavilioo Tbe- preached Sunday eveningdom, flouriEhingpowerthreesplendor thoaaaadI have the honor to Yoot falthfnl servantIaodaty aotand <m thisand AasoTt,uiat your Huns and Tandals will hare bean oftheChorehof the Holy Cownoaleo, willtaacbar* of my school* aeem to me to be bnt parts of mysslf.Church, will preach in theIn Seventeenth-street, mondnc and -to Imnresi, «nd smoothly and quletlv apread themporlasee. Tbeymnstanbethere,aUproportionate,..,^ ^, Spirit.^^vi^r;^ ''^tion ofwith the Central Church of thatRev. N. Wsrponderingtbe great>qa**tion* which ao«dlv> trectthe world—first will the ladle* of Bmapa^iA;and thentbecity, the call of tbe Secondandto enableAmericactmseattoweartheTbe Session put In aof Aug. 28 to Sept 4, 1SS9, from various portions of receive tbe call from Brooklyn at present Both few momenta, and by passing throegh a raAer'allwSeptember,at theretire from thereply to these charges, consisting of a general deotal, and the Presbytery declined to permit Hr. Wxst toduty>iofield.atre, Whitecbapel- The place, which Is said to holdHis voice Is remarkably clear and well modu* rttr,imim the attention of men of science, but we improve this fialte.ed, and it is tbe opinion of those who they thought, everlasting mausoleums, toixines whichterest in her fortunes, while it is more than doubt- patronage of men of wealth. By adding their names his popularity will equal that of Mr. SpcraaaoK. His at the moderate charge of 25 cents.sincere in-generaland have heard him that if be contlDues preaching here,now beekUl in domestic manufactures, the meohanlc arts, to- poorest and most ignorant part of society. I have an interesting account of a preacbiag tour In that gether with painting and sculptiue, a* well a* certaloEurope,it, adoptedBiEATlBakaa^tkat all ths kingdoms of the earth may know the Westminister reviewers may believe but Reportt and Statutes 'Sf Nexo-York. The profes- effect of such institutions would l>e almost instan- State hasbelieveit,of the cotmtry.thesion have for some time fslt the need of a work of taneous. What happened lately in France is an ex- aries insendingoutlts which is found tosevsnty-fiveunrepresented.the infidelity," the and thuswork is the wholewhisb forms the hieroglyphics. Is as clear and perfee Int an Increase of (16,000 over last year. Twenty In color as if used last week. This papyrus, whendigestsuse,goodaccomplished.prepara- and those whichaa new partition of the soil, a maximum of prices,expectbankruptcy,as thescribed their literature upon pages such as eompsaaFrancs asIn 1848 a was established pure Democracycouples,generalRomans, as welltenance of order.the malcon- Revival news comes from Oregon, where the sticking itperish.and haa distributed7,192 families prayed or conversedspoliation, a nationalhadThe Secretaries of the Home Missionary Society our txroks, not a vestige of it "would have com* to najurispru-to a deeper grounded belief in fhe'authenticity and dence of the State. The authors hsve completed and now there is a despotism, a silent tribune, an labor already periormed, and their claims upon the one to sixty feet The most completa loU 1* thatand, whilethatisthecase,theJeffersonianpolicymay irginmuchgood.result-manytnliigBcontinue to exist without causing any fatal calam-The objects of the Benevolent Fraternity of world. The Apis mummy, or sacrel bull, can b* found In no other Museum. Here there araity.byfor which purpose chapels are erected, Sunday and hence the greatandbeautifully preserved.;ployed,moral needs and splrltiiBl wants of the outcast and tlon. They look like sly pu*sle*. Tnere an alaopersonal 'oltie, com- — and the Home Dr. CHEXvEn'3 work, entitled The Guilt of your Government will never be able to restrain a church within the home field of the .Hissianary Union will not seem strange that these fhte* shooM have ^marbles andBomanstratedfromtheHebrewandGreekScriptures, >outhemajorityistheGovernment,andhastheMilitary ofpastwae«rese.tombs-> lama^bered,too. aadu >ate examinationagain, often hi new and striking lights. right of mystical Inquisitors, the most of written to sustain theory. it possibleto doubt what sort year.of legis- BILlQIonS 8XBTICX8 IH THIS CITT TO-HOBBOW.pnbUctlon since the idea of Its purohsse hasand convenient style.of historic andhelp foreboding the worst. It is quite plain that dred of which were for Foreign Missions. No other memorativc of their former vlctortes and wealth. Ithas been issued in a duodecimo volume by J. P. rich, who are always a minority, absolutely at AcademyJiwbtt & Co.,at West Point a short timesince,up them. Intbbway = thought sacrilegious to opencontact between ascred *ndthey are found ia HIXODOTUS, UakRBO, BER0SU9,and later Greek and Soman historians, had been reared a porcli, in which we meet him once more to the character of an unprejudiced or dispassion- has bad more than half a breakfast, or expects to a library for each and every Sabbath School that striklDRcnrioaitles wMefa this Musenm contams. -raa »a miliar with the intellectualThose who are fa. lature. /*Hi^nHrji and It ha* taisedi^ the Society,of penmental Data, by Joseph Bxxhxit,theTh* annual] meeting of the NeW'Tork Btindayto heaar, aad DiiMd^ and Babylon, with their terrific and disheartened by the vague and undisciplined Mrs. L. M. Chilpb' Lift of Isaac T. Hopper his children cryfor more bread.' I seriously appre- for chlldran in onr land will be held ia Bar, Di,Iafiaaafeiy,"haialiveagainwithsome- conductofitspartner.XheIiondonpubliahers has been published by J. P. JXW«HiMiwww.fultonhistory.comUntitled Documentits The will come when, in the Statemercy. day none of whom of New-York, a multitude of people,It makes no pretencesubject, being avowedly have more than half a dinner, will choose Legis- within apreaching patience, respect for vested rights,In th* same bunding may be"""ASrSfSto drinkriage, while thousands of honest folksweek.ag ^«<^likely;are in wantteenth-streetduringensuingSSto, ilS^aTM unmistakablethe plan of'^handing throughpapas jut;sentlBienta are evangelical and Anti-Slavery."croneslan Mission that the traaalation of the tbe son of Ham, who pitched hi* tent* among tha aa- ;New Testament had been commenced, and trodden plains by the pleasant valleys of the NOa,that some of the natives were reading Christ's Ser- and formed his rude little aettlemeat And onmon on tbe Moimt The King had become a through progressive geaeratloas, to the mighty Pha-Charch,eracted raohs, to the great kings, tbe Thothmes, th*and the magnificent Rameses, when Egnt glowed under its burning son In the meridian ofhecpowei and grandeur. W^e tbinX of Thebes, wltb it* hnadrsdcipal stone idol. Mr. BxaeaAU bad made a mission-them. Mrs. BisOBAa teaches a school of native children at Apalang.vantages, arising from a conflict of opinion among thechurehes. An official statement of the" Board, just:aeffecUvely. The two ministers while away the time Egyptians for writing material. The world la ladaM-the year, has employed S missliHiaries, 14 superiutand-Philadelphiaaad elaborately carved and painted In lilnrn|lnihlin Taa your institution* will be fairly brought to the founders, among whom were Rev, Drs. Tccxx8j(A5 specimens of stained gias*, leather, broaae aad aibarIn this For about a tlilrd of abe sometimes out of work.Then the poer city. century the Fraternity has nobly answered the purtMMe of itsmummies, spleadldly ambatesd,and CaAiisiae.A new Catholic Church is to l)e erected inareUcn and progress of a people who existed so manybad years there is plenty of grumbling here, and with the supervision of tbe work. In Boston, tbe lapse of time a Inacslet of ;and the costin the security of property and the main- In was stolenthe tive, A correspondent writes:" Anoticeable fea- and one or tRO haverude r.eciilaces of bead oina- rrobbing,wealthy to relieve the indigent. The springs of ture of the worship In Oregon City, is, that the con- menis strung around their necks.v flnec|4- 'hasthirteen duodecimo volumes. It is in fact a re-issue of the edition published some eight years is plentiful and all ia and good old tunes are usually sung. Bro. Rcrtinos, theThere Is alection of golden rini,8 bracelets and ?'?,«f.i?!*f'3A who left the youngarmyofEcer,It muUyi ^^ L^'lL*Se'"n'SiSrHSi'''?«°^^'^54^^5ra:^.-<.ofBoston. hendthat will,insomesuchseasonofadversity MtAnn'gChiuch,eonsfTwaBljr-flnt-itxaatandmMtetbaad. youThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069:treasuryey«may;'*Egyptiansbelieved In the aovls, aad transmlgratiooofsaid coachwarm from the great ptlntisx-pres*, telling what allTo tbe Inquiring mind what a history is i Inthismuseum,andwhatfoodforcurtoosaadithatEgypt generations,valuable oftheotherMuseums,andnownowhereelsethree, very large,metals,wonderitU,yean ago. There are many things fvary Interesting SimdayThe contributions of the Bowe-street Baptist different monarcbs to whom they belofag»d, and »ra^chargemttof SBisBii,theEi!ypUanKlr,Krusalem. These are engraved with the name*^ 9mbodies, thingsas elthaelvUixa- eiqarasalTewiddhwhich was found fiUed with fh* lUtia, work-basket .,by fromtheMuseumnotlongago. Littlewoodenheavy golden win,reM^jjadttgr- Kmgs wwe haaMdhafitthein solid rock, and contained *a«iiafcahaa» -3t>e that tboae closely walled a* soon a5 filled,trat'.  