 ie«4of himBy, that tbe knew that « t engine***»is? Her© dent, comes 1theCoro- if>overlook, >rdict werewere by Iroad maa- the real Beaten w h o ne" on theirId rightfullyMeter. W e is a fact so consider it,as a matter Jury, then, lecase,and >longs. F o r e"onaroadin be no ex- iaVnt. I t i* nve*ofitsiter that has tiauagera areStephens to as effectu- iat he mightesterday; his favor, sperate and?uTive, with- &\$ behalf. ievehimas id his guilt, It does notprison,.howr rtedtraitsof paybecon-'ranee.No ers will be »reentering)ftrienature aed for hhn- ;ion he musttheway. shineoutofkeepers on improbable, e fire of ths b:eh connect i*. Hadhes,theyard,rujed with oarterribleHaving hole prison igh'borhood tbe task of ghtheiron- h tne heavy ? doorsbe- erofthese I obstasles, tofjodthe mice of th»ion.to draw con-ine declared brSpeaker, editright drivetbemlednorfal- tepublicans .m.-*elf rose candidate. ie capitula- theSouth ality of the ublieans to er, was* t o object, b u t > urse left r.o wonder 1complain ural, betif jnt.in ques- >f.rdwi;haW8.APH.1.I860.;be Demo- .bonearly mation by led. Mr. ytoretain ay, andtoLis repre-fed atthe closingof the ac- :-andidajfce, on* undernaad withified tlie been c o n , ar Sover-damaging B of the glaaand y oftheith.i o f thesee re<»cue, lemand'» her greatfor M r . Id be re-no !m->U ledoff ed their Mr.Mo- ;wo daysid*.> marl*efiectually gone through with to-day.Kenewedcries, " Call tbe roll!" Mr.CLARK(Dem.,Mo.)acknowledgedhedidCJ«fD«nti», Cobb,Coobrarfl, Jobu, Croper,vox,OC9ip(Mo.).Smith (M.ythe factious course of the Democracy in preventing shown tbey could not do this; and to rule the prov- the election of a Speaker after a majority had re- inces, as such, would produce a change in the Consti- tution and in the Government, and theGov-and confusion in the South will he found to mean noth- order of intelligence, capacity and purity. canbeadministered on these principles exceptatthe ing when the Charleston Convention meet,butthe Mr.LANDRuM (Dem.,La.)concurredinthe viewscost of ihe Union itself. Once place before the South complaints of a few postmasters, newspaper editors just expreBbed.Mr. STANTON taid that no good could come from thisstruggle. Heasan individual waswilling tore- ciprocate the courtepy extended by the Democrats on Frday,andwouldtaketheresponsibilityofthedelay of organization.Anothermotion-washeremadetoadjourn. :\ tJV/sia principle, has always been the watch-dog of the laborer. In the other system there was no Clernand h e w a s n o t committing himself t o every Adrain, the Constitution, and j<u»rdcd it, well. wmie ttn turn of good will among all the- States of the confed- political doctrine the gentleman entertains. H e was Aldrich, these other interest* were supported by tbe Gov- such danger. In this Government al<me we eracy ; andthat, in preserving intact and inviolatethe All«y,1r•jhj,.u.,,j."i mu"'Ljn^rr^v^'-.'-^>"'w*v»i^>^fc^-^»^'*'v^*^^a^*«i'«»«»ii»v>-»<<i'wwrmtiMTff*lFP'«^» itii.i..Miiil<,^ij^^.ra,i^~«»*««»ire.«i^NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1860.of approbation. When Winter D*vis was called, j ^rpri*ingthat euch principles should have brought The man who does not own Blare?, and has any the House. Hetherefore nominated Mr. McClernand Feihonghtthesmoking-OTit process had been p \ ^ t j Cl*rk(Wo.),Kunkel, Lftwtf, LM>drnm, x-nfT^oee, I*es>e,Logan,I-or*,Waclay, Martia (Ohio),*-!*85ft».Stewart <tfd-> Stout,Taylor, Tnomai, Undftrwood, Vallandigham, Vao©«, ** Whitol«y,cy. Many Southern Democrats either declined votingat first,or voted withapologetic reflections •on Mr. McClernand *s principle*, while th e Ameri- cans withheld tbrir votes, conditionally promising to give them if decisive, butnototherwise. When Mr. Riggs wasreached, hevoted forMr. McCler- nand in a feeble tone, as if ashamed of his mortify-\ifyt up. Suppose the Government of this LTLioncouldreallybeadministered*nprinciplesandin thespiritoftheConstitution. WhocouldassignanySofarashenadbeen advised therewasnoapproach tothatpartyfortheircounsel. Hedisclaimed throw- ingany firebrand, butjustice required himto stateandrun,withonewingbroken. Thehuntorfailedto securehisgame,"But;"said he,'41have oneconso- lation:youwill havetoroostlowertheremainderofClopt««,Bngg*.publican parly ^ have the power, have the States is more < n equality with every other man in it the purpose of defeating the Republican candidate, it He wished te tell an anecdote, which oven the gentle- Tlavi* (Mi»».),DreMlnd.)' Wln«low,had)u8t applauded M r Thatvoteseemedtonettlethefateoftheday,Governorgorlegislaturesfurnishedanymeanstopre- than thewhitelaborerattheNorthisonanequality wouldnavebeenatleastwisetohaveconsulted with man would enjov. Hehadheardofahunterwho iVjarnette. McPafl,long delay b y t h e Clerk, allowing time t o whip in refractory members. A s Mr. Rig<s h a d given posi- tive assurances last r.igbt to various parties that hiswonld decay. Ships would rot on the stocks when the sinks under the effort to realize the glorious conception vote, H e could name a number of them. H e would tend to represent the American character and to legis- preatsaplesoftheSouthwerenolongerproduced. ofhumangrandeurthatwemightpossess. Areweto saytohisAmericanfriendsheshouldvoteforthedis- late,mayInotappealtotheHousetoputastopto Our manufactories would stop, and how many looms be disappointed of such a destiny as this by the mad tinguished gentleman from Virginia (Millson), although such exhibitions ?not maintain himself. H e is now considered as be- would be dote by in the case of the innocent people ingonhislastlegs.ion,nordid he.(Smith)invotingforMr.McClernand. Thegentlemanshouldnotexcelhiminpatriotism.him, butifIdoasIwould beioneby,bymillionsof totheSenate,exceptabriefletterfromMr.Mc-peoplewhoareinterestedinpreservingthatrelation, r I should do nothing to disturb it. If it be such a sinrecent" [Laughter.] Mr.Etheridgesaidhewasnotpeituadinganybodyonewayortheother. Hewasclaimingjusticeanafairdealing. Hisheartwasingenerous sympathy with those who in Illinois drew the esid that he understood that M r, Pennington was inNodocumentswerecommunicatedwiththetreaty} forth t«uca Woo<*y fruit a s the- raid of John Brown, o r | that there are men who foel justified in attacking us bylabor to perform, can hire them, and if elaveof Illinois.Mr. HILL (S. A ., Ga.) rem irked that justice to[Laughter.The answered roundly, "Pennington.'" and w a t greetedwih.&utotuxofapplausefromthefloor and galleries. This outburst of popular aympatby excitedthechivalry,andMr.Burnettrosetodep- recate such disorder, forgetting ho^v his own sideventtheTccurrenceofsuchattacks,anditisalsoto withtherichmenthere.Therefore,unlessthereisantheSouthernoppositionastowhatmemberofthe wentturkeyhunting;hefoundtheturkeyonthetop Diolrk, ' Montfroro*ry, andtheDemocraticcrestdroopedwithdeaponden-berememberedthattheychoseastheircandidatefor irrepressible hotiilitythewarshouldnotbe Democratic.partywouldbestcombinetheirmpport. ofahightree;hefired,andthebirdfell,butgotup KdmnB^fcn,labor be profitable tc the owner, it will be profitableanymennsintheirpower,nomatterwbat.?Iknow tohimwhohirestheelave—andmauythinkitmore himself,andthoseherepresentedrequiredhimtosaymake that assertion, and the gentleman from Pennsyl-pathy with tucb incursions, and I do not mean to im- mal e manual labor despicable in the Slave States. On Southern Americ ms, as their candidate in deference to vania now felt the effect of it. His resolution lias hlad rnvVWN. o),gentlemen have arisen here snd disclaimed nil eym that Mr. Smith w a s presented to the Honse by the profitable to hire than to own slaves. It doesnotpesch their sincerity, but it is toberemarked thecontrary,thereistocountrywheremanuallabor theviewsoftheDemocraticparty. Ifitwastheob- itseffect,atleastsofarthatnoindorserofthesenti- Cmw^rd,that in none of the States where the Re- is so icapocted. Every white laborer in the Slave ject of that side of the House to make an election for ments of Helper's book can be Speaker of this House. Davidson.Mnrt'n (VS.), Majnwd,SpeakerHm*nwhoindorsedthe book which recom-mended«heveryprinc'pleswhich John Brown prac-ticed. Is itstrangethathewhocairiesandcirculatesllm book should be followed by othors who bear limits to our future growth ? W e know they exist here that the principles hold by some ofthe Democrats your lire." [Laughter.] _ * Sbftrp's rifles to'practice what ho inculcates 1 For somewhere,but they"would be far away beyond our on the important question ofSUvery inthe TerritoriesFor Mr.(Ulmrr ($~^ for Mr McQueen (Uemu,C.)—M^M».TVrifbt.B warn,what purpose is this warfare waged ? what can be the l olitioal-horizon, when wo came to see what we might were qnite as obnoxious to him, as many of bis pecu-object but to abolish Slavery in the States where it ex- ne. W e might be the master spirit of the universe, if liar views on Americanism were to them. Without in-For Mr. Taylor— Mr. ,Brab*on.ists—to make Slavery so odious, so dangerous tha"; the the Government were properly administered, accord- tending to interrogate any gentleman, he distinctly more than usually loud and prolonged lueses and ap-white pfople of the South will havetoemancipate ing to theprinciples of justice. The imagination annenncedthathecouldnotcast hisvoteforSpeakeriheir sbrves ? If this party had the power halts at the mighty conception, and the for any one who entertains the doctrine- of Popular plauEe. ;For Mr. Clemen*—Mr. Gllmor.For Mr Jkoeork—Mr. T,**ch(N.C).For Mr. Pvgh—Mr McQomi. ito morrow, thev would not dare do it. mind is wrapt in contemplation of the giant shadows Sovereignty as applied to the Territories of the United Mr. BURNETT quickly rope, expressing his pain For Mr. Smith (N. C )—Mr. Moore (Ky.)ingposition. Finally,therollwasfinished,aftera Wbat would bethe consequences? Industry ourfutureastheysweedacrosstheperspective,andit States.TherewereDemocratsforwhomhecould andregretatsuchmanifestations.If,hesaid,wein-ForMrMiUt—Mr. K*itt ' For Mr Phe'p— Mr. McClernand,Mr.WINSLOWmovedtoadjourn.would be idle, and how many of their own people be pursuit of an abstraction by moonstruck theorists and he anew that gentleman did not so desire.Mr. ENGLISH moved that the House again proceed Mr. SBERMAN (Rep., Ohio) said that he and his to vote.vote would be given for Mr. Pcnniogton when it forced to starve ? Jt would not be three months before crazy fanatics? Can the politician, like the mathema-theirownpeoplewoulddrivetheslavesinto thesea, tician,Teasonoutcertainandsaferesults7TheStatesman Mr.ETHERIDGE(S.A.,Tenn.) regarded there-Republican friends concurred with Mr.Burnett, aud Mr. FLORENCE said they had better adjourn, andaskedwhetherthefirstmanifestationsofapplausehad remindedtheRepublicans ofth*factthattheDemo- cnuldelect,therewasanexpectationthathewould iftherewasnootherwaytogetridofthem.Anddo'•sonewhoderivesbisphilosophyfromtheexperience sultofthevoteasaforegoneconclusion.Hefeltno notheretoforebeencommencedontheDemocratic cratsJustFridaycontentedtoadjournattheirprCBeingriseandchange;buttheSouthernleadersfor- theynotktowthiswarfarecan'tbokeptupwithout; particularinterestwhateverastotherecord,sofaras side.Ho,however,censurednoone,andhopedthat request.bade it.Theresultwas announced,andMr.Penningtonof the world, while the theorist is one who would it might affect-him at home. H e had been somewhai every member would for the future, refrain, from such teverinp the Union ? Is not this virtually an offer to make the experience of the world conform to ,his passive in the hands of others, and had this to say— exhibitions.the Southern S'ates to secede ? Suppose Prance, n o w theory. The one founds stable governments, dynasties,theallyofEngland,shouldsendheremissaries with andempires;theotherdes'roysallsocial institutions, whenhemadeuphismindtovoteforaDemocrathe Mr.FLORENCE (Dem.,Penn.), duringthevote,The Honpe. bv a large majority, refused to adjourn. Mr. SHERMAN imoved to proceed to another vote. Mr.FLORENCEmovedtoadjourntillthedayafterlacked one vote of an election.M r . McClernandence between gentlemen on that" side. [Laughter.]He thought when he voted for one of that party hehonored"him. Theymightnotthinksonow,butthe timewould'comewhentheywouldlookuponitwithsatisfaction. When the necessity should arise for proper senfe of responsibility.snch arguments at this Helper Book to tne East Indies, .makes revolutions, and leaves anarchy and ruin. Is it had never been able to discover any remarkable differ- said, with reference to Mr. Etheridge's remarks, that to-moiTow , , .in order to produce war and insurrection, and supposereceivedonly91v«>t**s. Mr.Winslowimmediately .theGovernmentshouldinevervcommunicationtoEn- handoftheorists? Thereisanoblearmyatthemovedanadjournment,fearingthatthenextballot Xandonthesubject,tauntandinsultherwithtalesof NorthwhoaredoinggoodservicefortheUnionand the cruelty they had practiced or connived at, how he Constitution, who will, I think, triumph. ButwewouldcarryMrPenningtonintothechair.Our longwouldtbe'c-ntcntccord'mlclast,andhowlongknowthatvictoryisnotalwaysawardedonthe friends demanded a vote to complete the orgariza- would it be before either shore would resound with tide of virtue and" intelligence, and it may be thiBthe roar ofcannon ? How <an this be kept up here Republican party have the power which they claim, tion. Mr.English and other men, whowere of- withoutseparationonthepart,oftheSouth? I know anaintheirbandsmayrestthefatalshearswliichmayMr.Pennington to-morrow; sodid Mr.Riggs,as not praciced upon it,andnonation knowntohis-tory that has not bnilt up its foundations them ofa destiny, which, initself, would have been [Laughter.]kindred. HehadalwaysstoodonAmerican soil,and hopedinGodtodiethere,ifdiehemust, butforthesake ofthe living hewas willing to go upon foreignsoilifhis Democratic friends would allow him this House adjourned. figurative expression. Herepeated bepreferred dyingsoon as Mr. McClernand was dropped. One on tfrs system of Slavery. Allthe European nations an inheritance the most splendid that one gen-The proposition was generally acceded .to,and theobject of the adjournment wasto organize a com- have buili uptheir prosperity upon it, and we, our-•The Covernment Loan.WASHINGTON,Tuesday,Jan.31,I860. TheGovernmentLoan wasawarded to-dayatparplimentaryvoteforMr.Winslow,whohasbeenthe Democraticleaderthr.,vghtbe contest.committed,howshallthefj[uestion be answered, introducedintheAtlanticStates. Itis.obvioustoall, and who will rise up in that day to defendtheir name from the foul stain upon it ? When I thinkamong hisfriends and kindred, and hearing in his ex- piringmomentshisnativepibroch. Hevoted forMr. Gilmer.Printing matter, mer t<»-day, and summoned Messrs. failed teen, how much of our subsequent history would have been untold ! On tlii3 continent the Indi-contemplation with indignant sorrow. But I will not despair of my country, for I yet hope the Northern Democrats and Conservatives will rise in the mig it of a noble cause, and expel the intruders from the seatof government. I will trust the cause of truth—I will putmytrusthigheryet,inProvidence,foritcannotbeJOHN COCHRANE (Dem., N . Y.) said he knew ant they should organize as soon as possible, and com-Wendell and Towers. Th*-y then adjourned till Friday. Somerefreshingdevelopmentsareexpect- edfrom theinquiry, implicating members ofthe Cabinet.Outsideparties,whohaveheretofore printed Post-Office blanksandother Executivework, haveanp.whobadnotSiavery,weremerenomads,whileinthec*seoftheAzte;sandPeruvians,whodidestab-lish Slavery, ti eir monumcuia remain to excite admi-rationtotnisday. IntheStatessouthofourbounda-been acting the part of the good Samaritan, pouring100,000 100 8-100 $ lOO.nooa t 11000 73-41fX0>0submittedsoonaftertheorganizationoftheHouse. HefavorsnopartieuUrproject.THE MEXICAN' TREATY.Mr.McLanecametoNew-OrleansprincipallytoMcClernandonsomepoliticalquestions,hefeltithis foundnecessary inaltagesorHievvoria,io rortneremjiiuaciofa«>«tayuwhichaxeallottedtome forebeattemptedtoseethemoteintheeyeofthe dntj?ix\v/rfA£oxhim.HewouldnotipauirewhetherLockwoou &. CoNon-Arrival oftno America.learn theprospect for the treaty before the Senate, edge the truth of this maxim, and properly inter-news dispatch forrhe Associated Press, on her arrival,eration could bequeath to another. A nd if it selves, o^e our early settlements, and the wonderful he asked upon what ground the fatal deed wasMr. ETHERIDGE replied that his friend from New-York has been ona probation ofsix weeks.HAJ. CLARK—I thought th e gentleman alluded to theNorthern Democracy.Mr, ETHERIDGE said be might refer to John Coch-extension of this country, to Slavery, which wasifwehtidnotused this forced labor, probablywe[Laugh-Mr.MAYNARD(SI-Am.,Tenn.)wouldnotgivehisa,vote as in the contemplation of death. It was import- to 101. Tbe bid at 101 w as for $105,000 from W . B .rane,whosufferedsomeinvotingforSmith. The Senate Committee of Investigation on the maintain the Revolutionary,struggle, and if we had of sectional hate and bigotry, I turn away from the ter.]THE PRINTING INVESTIGATION.should not have setlted the country fast enough to of how much may he destroyed by this narrow spiritThelasttwo»reRepublicans.Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., O.) moved that the HouseLane to theStaeDepartment,which wasofno thKtalargerpartyattheNorth canhavenoconnec- proceedtovoteforaSpeaker,viva voce.Mr.STEWART(Dem.,Md.)ingivinghisviews,specialimportance.XXXYITB CONGRESS.tionwithit,andcannotcarryouttheguaranteesofthe Constitution, then, as honorable men, they ought to pro- pose a separation -o the South. Would not an honest course be to say, " Our fathers made a hard bargain, andwecannotinconsciencecarryitout,andcannot return slaves, and cannot aid in suppressing insurrec- tions—therefore weproposea-separation." There wonld benogreat res'stancetosuchapropositionatMr.WINSLOW (Ad.Dem.,N.C.submitted that the motion was not in order, pending the proceedings under the Cijll of the House.Mr. SHERMAN insisted that it was the duty ofthe Clerktoput|thequestiononhismotion.sword against Executive power.Mr. NOEL (Dem., Mo.) expreseed the hope that his friend from Tennessee would not try to get up a diffi- culty among the Democrats.Mr. ETHERIDGE—My friend will.-excuse me for notbelievingthatIamtryingtocreateastorm.Myihe Convention that nominated Fremont. Mr.ADRAIN(A.L.,N.J.)saidthathewasnot. Mr. STEWART (resnming) said he then understoodfrom the organ of Mr. Pennington that the latter voted for Fremont.FLRSTSESSION.Mr.ADRAINdisclaimed beingMr.Pennington's Mr. BOCOCK, (Ad. Dem., Va.) in order to gain sympathies are with M r. Douglas, and, of course, or#an. H e did not know how Mr. Pennington voted.SENATEAcommunicationwao rectived from theCommis-timefortheabsenteestoarrive,movedtoadjourn. Negatived.The Houso proceeded to vote.Mr.SMITH(S.Am.,N.O)declinedinashort,patri- otic, and thankful speech.Mr. REAGAN (Ad. Dem., Tex.) after preliminary remarks, nominated Mr. McClernand.Mr. HILL (S. Am., Ga.) said he could not vote .for him.Mr. ETHERIDGE (S. Am., Tenn.) would support Mr.McClernand.thevarewithMr.McClernand. Wasnotthelatter one-ofthosewhotriumphedwhen thebattleagainst Executive power was fought and won?Reneveedcriesof"Culltheroll."WASHINGTON,Jan.31,1860.sioner of Pa ents, trai emitting the meteorological ob- tbe South. There might be separate Unions inMr.VANCE (S.A..N.C.)said that Mr.McCler- nand and his friends had voted forthe American can- Mr.LOGAN (Dem.,111.)remarked that Mr. Mc- didate,andshouldnothis(Vance's)politicalfriendsre-servationsfor18->i),whichhethoughtofsufficientin- tereht to be printed Refrrrei.this way,that might, perhaps, be united by some soit of a bond like a treaty which might secure to them united strength in repelling foreign invasion,andMr. IVERSO" (Dem , G a ) introduced a bill to car- might secure to them some of the present benefits of ry oat the provisions of the Fifteenth Article of theXreatv with Mexico. tr*de and irtercourse. But why force us to this alter-Air."FITCH (Dem., Ind.) introduced a resolution to native"? I know that some acknowledge that they print 15,lK>0 extra :opies of the President's Message have no right to interfere with it in the States, but they andaccompanyingd-j.-.nmenta. Adopted. willresistourcarryingitintotheTerritories,; Mr.GRIMES(Rep.,'owa)askeutobeexcusedandpreventour"exercisinganysuchright.was apolitical friend of.Douglas.Mr. JSOEL said something which was not heard.Mr. BURNETT (Dem.. Ky.) called him to order.Mr. ETHERIDGE remarked that he would not for Mr. McOleruai'd. [Applause.]Mrs. Oj/den were serionnly injured, and some twentyfrom serving on the Committee on Private Claims. Granted.were cries of " Sit down." " Order." Quiet defer a great deal toDouglas inthis emergency. Mr. ASHMORE (Dem., S.C.) said that at first he!-eing restored, that gentleman said: Mr. Clerk, Mr. REAGAN simply asked to do an act of justice declined to vote, his object being to ascertain how cer- with a serious accident on the Western Railroad, aboutbut dependent on each other. The exports of the Sonthare two hundred millions, and freixnt some seventy- pressible hostility between tbe Free and Slave States?fivemillionswore. Thecoastingtrade amountstoa Iftbereibethishostility,thereoughttobenounionbe- litrubsum.Takingallthingst.^etheritisfair tweenthem.Butisthereanysuchhostility.'Hepro-fame, now making "my entry on this floor for the dill'erent shades of political opinion. He repeated Clernand was forhis country, above all allegiance to and the road was soon cleared ofthe obstruction. •to suppose that in the North-Ktwtern States there arethree to four ini-lion*- '>f j,t-o:>!e dependent upon South-ern commerce. Thus tbese interests are of mutual asposed to anaoze 'he power of the two systems to show tbey wtiro subVdiary and not antagonistic. In the Free- Labor system the family is the unioti. In the Slave- Laborsrys:emthehouseholdistheunion. InFreeTheSantaFeUlail. INDEPKNDKNCK,Tuesday,Jan.31,1860.The Santa F e mail arrived here to-dav from Pawnee Fork.eisrancetoeachother. Whatnasbeentheoperationof Government •on tbe*e different sections/ lae Statesthere atetwo classes—the capitalists and thela-coastingandnavigationinterestshavebeenW3ed bonrg|classes, who sell themselves to thenotindorsetheopinionsofeverymanhehadvoted for,andvotedforMcClernandonthestrengthofin- formationbethenheldinhishand.under theprotection «ndinfluence of Government, capitalists for a limited period. ' In the ar.dthesamemightbe«i>dofmanufacturingandthe Slave-Laborsystemtheslaveisassuredofshelter,rai-Mr.Maynard,orMr.SmithofNorthCarolina,whose politicalopinionsdifferedfrombinown. sScattering 26The vote in detail is as follows:For Mr. Pennington.French, Pettit, Gooch, Porter, Graham, Potter, Grow, Pottle. Gurley, Reynold* Hale, Bice, Hall,commerce of tbe NVnb-Western Suae*,complain, b u t w a s merely suttioK fact*.ence of t i e South always ha* been conservative and always mu*t b e . T h e slaveholders represent both labor and capital, and therefore decide justly be- tween both. The South, irom interest as wellmy name longer before this body would not contributeThe resuit was announced:from there with tbe outgoing mails, and their'return .11C was hourly expected when thin mailleft. Hadtheernment, the South had never asked lor one dol-l*r, except in the case of a fewsutfar planters,who•werebut a small portion of tneSouth. The Unionof tbe States and o t these different interests is n o wperfect, aidertheConstituiton, a n d mi^ht be comparedto a mighty arch b v whose concentrated strength w eare enabled to sustain such a social superstructure asis perhaps un^arallel»-d >n the history of mnn; and isit not apparent that the very keystone ot this archconstst* in the black marble cap-stone, otAfrican Slavery: und were it taken away the-whole labric wookl fall to pieces. PossiblyaometbinK mii<ht be built out of tbe*e detached pillarsand columns, but it will be u capable of enstaimng theweight that mitfbt safely be placed on tbe consolidated»r«-h.Itmightbesupposedthutthekeystoneofsovast a structure would be sate from assault; yet,strangetosay,thatinstitutionhasbeenmadethesub-ject of persisient a*'ack for mor* than lorty years. It<omm«iiced with tbe M-ssouri Restriction, and warhave made the first attempt to organize a system of Constitution, w e may find the guaranty of the rights not voting in the line of politics. There were no two Ashley, free labor with self-government and universal sufirage of every part of our confederacy, in our glorious and things in the material or spiritual world exactly alike. Bubbitt,lie-did not T -be influ-at the North. It is an experiment as yet. So far w ehave have had sufficient outlet for all surplus popula- tion,linkitisonlytobetested and-tried when num-bers' increase so rapidly as to press on the means ofsubsistence; and he hoped by that time the intelligenceOf the people would be such as would enable them to the roll." surmount the difficulty. S<> far,the experiment hasThere might b e resemhlances,.but never identity. A n d Bca)*,Bingham,Robioaon (R. I.), Royce,Schwartz, Scranton, Sedgwick, tiheriuan,been associated with a scheme of society eminently conservative, which has been of great assistance. T ocombination lof various elements of the House, with(Mich.),was continued by the ubu.-e of tbeso-caiJed *'right otpetition," bv mal-ng tbe bills of Governmenn the Hunter] continued: W e have no right to votes. In'presenting the name of another gentleman, the gentleman from Tennessee (Ethcridge). The spearEdwerdu,Elliott, MorrMFa.), Wa«hburne(Ill.),theater of auit»tion on tbe snbject of Slavery. I hc-iepetition* proposed'w abolish Slavery, in defiance orUie Constftotion, in the District of Columbia, and alsocall this system cf Slavery wrong, when all experi- ence hafi shown it to be right. It is the normal con- dition of allsocietv, and the same evils which are de- nounced in Slavery are to be found in the system otthey thought they had a right to expect that those dif- had pierced the side of the latter, and there had comefering in po itical sentiment from him would make a forth—he wonld not say what. As to his (Etheridge's Ely.Mont«, Nixon, Olfn, Falmor, Ferry,For Mr.Washburn (Me.). Well-,Wilson,Windom,Wood, W'oodrufl—11".to abolish the trade in slaves in States which do somuch to ameliorate and elevate the condition of tne voluntary servitude in the old world, where the popu-lation isSonumerous that it presses on the means offoregone conclusion, h e (V allandigham) w a s n o t s o Ferry, sure of that. H e remembered that Mr. Corwiu bad Fo»ter,blacks When bis labor becomes unprofitable in oneplace "be can be transferred to another, where he can open to try th;s experiment, and are to be shut againstiet a birver share of his production in return for this evStem which we know is not an experiment, fabor It WW for this reason and that of climate but which ba« sustained all stable Governmentssaid he would vote for Mr.Sherman 'Hill Gabriel ''hlowed his last trump," and that M r. Stevens or'Frank,McCltrnand•that theslave waa transferred from the Nor& to the South Achildofthesun,itwasseenthatthelawot ma happiness and progress consisted in a constant gravi- tation toward the source from whence heBprnng. Hat as thin party incxessed w e beard it boldly asserted that the constitutional provision for the return of fugitives wasnottobeobeyed,andweheardmany nuancesvote for a Southern Democrat. As a mere matter of policy, Southern Democrats have patriotism enough to elevate themselves above party prejudices, and1 doom." The canon of prophecy had closed.Mr.HILLmadefurtherexplanationswhy he could not vote for Mr. McClernand.Cries of " Call the r >ll" loudly repeated from the Re- publican side.Aveiy.BarkHdal»> Ganrell, Peyton,Those whoarenot acauamied with the system say it dwarfs the poorer bj 3Pex«onal Liberty bills and other State laws, is it class of whites; but, on the contrary, it benehtB them.derstanding that it iBimpossible that the political opin-ionsofallmencanbeaccommodated,-weshouldnomi- readytoproceedtotbeelectionofa Speaker. They Burch,citedbytheSenator from Georgia (Mr.Toombs)of these shameless svasions o f t h e Fugitive Slavs fcawnate another gentleman]—one who would preside with were informed at an early day of the session that there honor and dignity to himself, and to the satisfaction of was to be asmoking-ont proooas before such an election.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Kubsistence. W b y is it that the Territories are keptthink it unji st that the twenty-odd Americans shouldEnprlUh, Andemou (Mo.), Fouko," would adhere to M r. Sherman till the crack oi A»hmore, Gamett,Nelson, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton,and free institutions, *o far as whites areconcerned ? There is no system of so«iety where all strengthen thj> hands and hold up the arms of those inBarr,A Barrett, Bocock, Boteler . Boullguy, Broach,Hamilton, Har.in (Va.), Hawkins, ilindujtu), flolmar, Houston, Howard, Huohet"', Jaok«oh, Jenkins, Jones,white men are so equally free a s under this one. U n -der it,w ego on undisturbed by any convulsion 01 orthe Free States, where the great battle of constitutional„Burnett,Clark («.T.)„Pholps, Pryor, Reagan, RigK", ftobWn Ruffin, Ruit. Scott, hicklea, Sim*. bingleton,\"* (Ul).V i r g i n i a JLeafrlalurc. RICHMOND, Tuesday, Jan..31, i860.Abetween the Speaker of the Hooso ofDelegate* aud Mr.SeldonofStafford,preventedaction,yesterday,on the resolution relative \ 0 the appointment of a Commit- tee on the South Carolina Afiaeion.rights is to be]fought. Animated by purposes like this, hhock of society. The free-labor experiment, I be^ and actuated] by such sentiments, and with a full un-Mr. M O R E H E A D(Rep.,Penn.)congratulatedt h edifficulty (which wa*, h.owever, amicably settled)lieve iBmuch more apt to succeed when associated withWtbaa iftheycutloose I'— «*"»-"""'•House and the country on the fact that they wore now Brians, Brintow,pcss:ble such a destine as ours is to be consigned to aMr. MORRIS (Rep., Pa.) understood these motions w*retopreventtheelectionofaSpeaker.Mr.BURNETTmovedtoadjourn.fendedatthetreat;ujentofMr.McClernand,re- ithasbeensaidtheSouthcouldnotdissolvetheUnoiu clipourpowerandnationaldestinyforever.Ifthe InhisdistrictweretheWhig,theDemocratic, sawaportionoftheDemocracyrefusetovoteforMr. factthatihefloorhadbeenoccupiednearlyalldayby —they would bewhipped into submission. This would- power should fall into their hands, let them consider and the thinking party, and it was rather the McClernand. Under these circumstances hevoted for gei tbmen onthe other side.fusedtoadjourn,amidgreatconfusion. Thebeprovoking,wereitnotsoabsurd.WenumberwhethertbeyshouldkeepupthiswarfareonSlaverylastnamedthathe(Etheridge)represented.TheMr.MilJson. "Mr.GARNKTTrelied,remindingMr.ColfaxthatTeasandNayswereraliex»,andanadjournmentwas thirteenmillionsofpeople,andalar#eextentofthe whereitnowexists,orwhethertheywilldoanythingvoted down by a large majority. Another motion most magnificent territory on which the sun ever to prevent armed incursions upon our people, whether shone; aud is it poB»ible such a people can be reduced they mean to use this Government for warfare uponv\asmade,andasceneofdisorderfollowed,with tosubmission? Whodoesnotknowthatwecould ourpeace,prosperity,andnerbapsourlives?Iftheyintelligent portion ofhisparty inTennesseebe- Mr.HOUSTONsaidthatinvotingforMr.Mc-onFridayMessrs.CnrtisandStantontooktherespon- lieve Mr. Douglas to be consistent from a local neces- Clernand he indorsed the manly and patriotic course of sibility of an adjournment, those xeotlemen then say- sity, growing out of the step he made in 1854, when tbe Northern Democracy since the contest commenced. ing that tbe R^pohlicars were distracted and wanted he'becametheleaderinthelegislativemeasureswhich Whenhevotedforanindividualhedidnotstoptoin-timeforcrnfultation,whichtheDemocratsaccorded.nearly half the H«>use on tnen feet vociferating. form an alliance with allthecivilized Governments of believe in tneir hearts and consciences that the law resulted in the repeal of the Missouri Compromise. quire into his sentiments, nor indorse allthe political Mr. COLFAX rejoined that on that occasion the the oldw o r l d ? Suppose the South should be subdued, of light and of God constrains them to keep Mr. Douglas never avoided the responsibility, or opinionsheentertained. HespokeofMr. McClernand Honse was in favor of adjournment, while to-day.Mr.Colfaxcalledtheattentionoftbecountryto thispa'tycoulonotmanumittheslaves. I have upthewar;letthemrememberthatnoGovernment skulkedtheresponsibilityforthatact. Allthenoise asaspund,national,conservativemanofthehighest alargemajoritywasopposedtoit..fused adjournment. Mr.Stanton and othersan-nounced that tbey **eTe ready to sit all night to con-clude the work. M r. Burnett stated that his friends shown that when the black and white races are haddeterminedavotej-houldnotbetaken;butnothrowntogether,andtherelationofmasterandsjaye es'aMished, eocittv isdeveloped into higher resistance would De made to-morrow. With this civil zation, and the social and political state is theunderstandingtheH»useadjourned. •bestlorthehappinessofbothraces?Andifyonde-stroy th«t relation, both races decline and industry NodoubtisentertainedofMr.Pennington'selec- deciivs.Bywhatrightdoesanymanundertaketotion, though every appliance will.be used to operate sav that a political institution which can be shown to onMessrs.BnggaandR'ggs.Theformerdeclared hethenormalconditionofsociety,whichexisted aslongagoasw*haveanyhumanhistory,iswrong? if anadjournment was uelded hewould support Thereisnotarespectable Stateinthe world thathasthealternativeofunionatthepriceofanirrepressible andeternalwarfareonitsinstitutions,oraseparation with a view of seeking fho means of defending our lives, our property, and/ our honor, and my word forandactivepoliticians. Whenthe nomination willbe made on his birthday, there will not he found twenty Democrats whowill notswear that theywerenot original Douglas m en. [Laughter.] *In voting forMr.LEACH(S.Am..N.C.)saidhewouldvo<efor any man to defeat the Republican organization. While repudiating Squatter Sovereignty, hewouldvotefor Mr. McClernandj and if the Democratic party in awonld be paralyzed.told theinstitutionisasin. .Hasnotall experienceernmentBut amvotingforaDemocrat,withoutbeingoffensive,he might say, in surrendering his individuality in doing so, he might vote for the meanest of thecrew.Mr. KELLOGG (Rep , ofIII.) tothe Democrats: If ittheSouthwillnothesitateforanhourtodecidein Smith,hedidnotseeanyvirtueonthepartofthemasswouldcometohissupport,thevcouldelecthim. weadjournnowwillyouconsenttovoteto-morrowfavorotthelatter;andiathefataldeedisaccomplished, Democrats. Theysweatdropsofblood. [Laughter.] ,'Mr.MALLOKY(S.Am...Ky.)saidthat tbechuice wi'houtdebate?on their heads and consciences will rest the respon- If an artist had desired to have an original subject, of candidates was a choice between the typhus fever The greatest possible confusion now existed. Gen-sibilityofthatsinanditsconsequences.Theaccusing hecouldhavefounditinthissceneryofhuman andthesmall-pox.[Laughter.]Hehadpledgedhis tlemen"ineverydirection,withhatsintheirhandsvoice of human history will ring threugh all ages agony. A ll the features of the North-West Demo- vote for the candidate on the Democratic aide when- were preparing to leave the hall.toimpeachthematthebarofposterity,for cratsWereexpressiveofthisfact.having destroyed the noblest scheme of Liberty that manbuseverdevised—and,uponthatdecision,allsuc- ceedinggererationsofmenwillrecordaverdictof ^uiltyagainstthem. Theirowndescendantswillheap execration onthenames ofthose whodisappointedMr. NIBLACK (Dem., Inc.) replied that if he cou:dwithdrawhisvotefromMr.Smithhewouldnot doit. Hevotedforthatgentlemandeliberatelyand tookalltheconsequences,. /everitcouldbemadetoappearhisvotewouldelect Mr.BURNETT—Wearenotnowreadytovote. him, and he would do this whenever he sajv the When you, on Friday, said you were not ready, w e Democratsconcentratingtheirvo'es.Ifthehourof consentedtoadjourn.Wetellyou,frankly,youcan't deathhadarrived,hepreferred todieamonghisry all who abolished S'avcry deteriorated. In the eat--, tint God will permit such a .scheme of govern-ly history of society Slavery seemed to be necessary, ment as thia, fraught wit a rhe highest hopes of stood warlike in its colossal strength. [Laughter.]perform, and also that a bad promise was better in the Wm. B. ActorWard. Canipl>«-)I k. ^oloo.oeo105.0(10 25,000 25,000 25,000 25,000 25,000 15,000 KlO.OtOlor the m om ! impulse to labor was not sufficiently strong,andforcehadtobeused. Inthehistoryofall civiljzed people, when the' races are equal, in processhumanitytobewreckedinthewildorgiesoftheory and fanaticism. Ifwefail in this,Imaydespairof Union,"but will not despair of the ability of m yWhilehehadseentheprospectofcomingdefeat,as breachthanintheperformance. Hewasinthiscon- Ward,Camph«-llfcCo...refused to renew their contracts with Mr. Bowman, of time the ones held to service will assort their equal- constituents and fellow citizens of the slave-100,000 10050,000 ion 6-ioa25 000 ioo. l-ioo 25,000 100,1!?-U023,000 100 26-10025.000 10013-100 100,000 100in order to embarrass him in fulfilling his obligations. THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.ity and obtain emancipation without any convulsion be able to wrap around him the mantle of Democracy.to society—to government. If this black race be doubly cursed and gulling for having beenequal to the white race, it will vindicate laid on by the hands which should have been frieudly [Laughter]. H e felt no agony, not a ripple of disturb-Mr. Smith of North Carolina. Trevor &• Olpute Trovor & Colgate.• •ThePresident has prepared a special Message,recommending tbe Paeific Railroad, which will be to be es'ablished between the two races isance,whenhecasthisvote for Mr.Smith,andifhis friend from Tennessee construed the expression ofHis counfenance into one of distress, hewonld recommend thathisfriendcastOutthebeamfrom hisowneyebe-publicduty,hedidno'<waitfor necessity. When he Gcorg*"Milne.saw what was right, he trusted he had the moral George Mi)n«*courage to perform it. While he differed from Mr. George Milnetous. Nor'jdoIdoubttheirabilitytoestablishaGov-ernment which shall be great and glorious, and it is that, of master and slave; w e ask by what to that Government I shall then look for prote '.tion,itsequalitybvitsimproveme-nt. Thehappiestrelationauthority th>s institution, which all nations have andundertheshadowofwhichImayreposeinsafetynow to be thrown aside ? W e are told it is contrary upon this earth. Adjourned. to the great abstract principles of right, and to tbeDemoeracv. fjfjaiurht^r lMr. ETHERIDGE replied that the position of thebis vote would elect him or not. Like Jackson, he took the responsibility,ii^*.**-AA, Tuesday,.maxim, "Doasyouwouldbedoneby." Iacknowl-HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.The gallaries are as densely crowded as yesterday.Mi\ SINGLETON (Dem. Mies.) couldnothesitate between the candidates, and,in order to defeat the,. Republicans, he voted for Mr, McClernand.America,nowinher18thdayfrom Liverpool. Thepreted it. It viidicates, by its wisdom, its Divineand to communicate information intended to pro- origin. If I should do as I would be done by, in the The excitcn ent to-day is not so intense, nor is the floorMr. SMITH (Dem.,Va.) also explained his vote, will be scnt'over the Nova-Scotia line to Amherst, audmoteitsratification. Withoutthisaid,Juarezcan- caseofamurcerer, I might releasehim;butifasI incumberedwithasmanyunprivilegedpersons.andalludedtoMr.DavisofMaryland,whovotedfor thencebeexpressedtoSackville,adintanceofonlyfive Mr. Penninjrton, as beiijg joined to his idols.On motiou of Mr. STANTON, there wasacall of the who might be injured thereby, I should not aid in his House. It appeared that the following gentlemen were escape. Inthecaseoftheslave I might emancipate absent:MepJrs.Boyce,Stallworth,BrownofKentucky, Sickles, Kunke), Somes, audClarkB.Cochrane.Mr. SMITH (N.C.) said that Mr. McClernaad, in miles, which will insure great promptitude in its de-Mr.CLARK (A.L.,New-/l'ork) said sodidhe.havesaidonewordbutforMr.Hill,whointerposed Mr.WHITELEY(Dem.,Del.)—Withoutawhyor Mr.SMITH(S.Am.,N.C.)rose,whenthereanobjection.HethoughttheAmericansoughttowhereforeIvoteforMr.McClernand.Richardson of Worcester wasserionslv injured. SPUINGKIELD,MASS.,Jau.31,1860.Land Mr. Hunter contended it was their consti-tutional right—so decided by the Supreme Court, andnoonehadarighttoresist.And,further,thatitwas I cannot indlanguage adequatetocoaveyto tohimselfagainstwhatseemedtobeaninsidiousaud taingentlemenwouldcasttheirvotes.Hecouldvote fourm'leswestotPalmer,bytbebreakingofanaxleMr.DOUGLAS'Sisolationwascalledup..Mr.HUNTER(Dem.,Va.)saidthebilliteelfwasnotfortheinterestofNew-Encland/topreventthein-therhembersofthisbodymydeepsenseofunjustattack. Ithadbeenchargedherethatthewithoutknowingorcaringtoknow«vhatpoliticsMr.oftbecarnexttotherearcar,whichthrewitdownan.acommentaryontheBtateofihe timesiuwhichwe troductionofSlaveryinto'theterritories. IftheSouth live. It is a notori«;u^ faet 'ban the eluveholding States was peopled entirely by whites, New-England wouldofobligationtothehonorablegentlemenofthevarious Americanpartyhadnotbeenconsultedastothename McClernardsustainsorsupports. Hemadeanearnest embankment ofsixty feet, injuring Simon Daily,aarearmedto-day,nottorepel foreign invasion,butto defendthemselvesfrominvasionfromconfederate States. What inthia Union,and whattheelem*nt« that compoee it ? In the northeast seccion there exists a monopoly of manufactures a n l navigation. In the Westtheyfinditmoreprofitabletoraisestock. In the South they find it beet to plant and rai.^e the great staples of cotton and riv^. In the Pacific States another interest prevails. These are not conflicting interests,nothavesogreatarelativeshareofpower,forthere- presentationwouldbeintheexactproportionofpopu- lation, jNeitherwouldNew-Englandenjoysolargea mbrketthere then as now, for the SouOh would be rivals instead of customers, and if the territories were made !into Free States. New-England would have fees relative politk&l power, a n d fewer customers than if made into Slave "States. Then \ on what ground can she oppose the extension of Slavery, except there be be an irre-honorwln'chtheyendeavored to confer upon meby Smith wasnominated,a different spectaclewaspre- banner. Iftheyweretogodownletitbeunderthat Tbecarthat went down theembankmentcontainedpolitical organizations constituting this House, for the which, the Democrats should present. When M r. appeal to his friends to rallv under the Democratic brakeman, so badly that he die<3 iu less than two hours.placingmeinthechair,andintrustingmewiththe sented. EightyDemocratsjoinedthemselvestothe sameflag.Ithadbeenboastfullysaidontheother abouttwentypafsergers,severalofwhomwerehighandimportant responsibility ofpresiding over twenty-three'SouthernAmericans,andvotedthusfour sidethatthatflagtrailsinthedust,butitistheRepub- biuieed,butnoneolthemvere terioutly hurt. The this body. When I recollect how much of sell-sacri- times in the effort to elect a Speaker. They had a lican flag that trails there to-day. W e have broken car in its descent rolled over two or three times beforetendingnow-f-asthisisnottheproperoccasion—togointoanymattersof.detail,Iwill heretakethelibertyofsayingthatIamsatisfiedthatthepresentationofment, and food. Ilis master must provide him these,or transfer him to tome one who can. In the Free-Labor siystem there is no such guaranty, and sometimestbe laborer undertakes to settle the question of pricefor his services by physical force, and the British Gov- draw m y nailie as a candidate before this body, and to of the Honse who had heretofore opposed the Repub-ernment has often had to u.se the bayonet and ball to say that I hope that the indications which are now pre- lican candidate, and which recent events had givenprevent;such a forcible settlement ot the question by senting themielves may be the harbingers of the re- tbem some right toexpect. In supporting Mr. Mc- Adiuna (MUSH,),heardfromhewaadoingwell.There were twomailt* Ivinpr at Pawnee Forkawaitingescorts. Lieut.Bellr-adsenttwoescort*blessed Union, perpetuated to the remotest period of time. [Applause.]it might a s confidently b e said no two minds'are alike. Thegentlemanwhooccupiesthechairisnot therep- Blake,iHa<<kin, Helmick, Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Hotchics, Irvine, Jirnkin,Mr.Smitn,;attheconclusionofhisremarks,waspri- vately congratulated b y many of his friends.Blair, resentative of the House, but remains the representa- BraytOD,the view of securing for Speaker a man of nationalshow that he was looking at nofancy picture, or any and conservative character. The Democrats, he a Western Democrat, and had voted.for Mr. Smithfor Carter, 'i\fictitious alarm he referred to a matter of history notvery distnut, Shay's Rebellion, and extracts fromthecorrespondence of (Jen. Knox, to. show the causes ofthat rebellion, and also referred to a letter written to North Carolina (Mr. Smith), though differing with the he was concerned. H e regretted that Mr. Smith had oneof!themenwhoperishedintheJohnBrownforav. Urging hin not to goagainst the rights of the Sovereign State, and contending that every man should produce b y manual labor whatever h e consumes, a sgreatbodyoftheDemocrats,waspresented,theysup-ported him, satisfied that his purpose was to maintainthe Constitution and the integrity of the Government. ed Speaker of this House, there were tw o membersthe only true w a yto abolishSlavery.M r.They voted f)r him on Friday, and thrice yesterday. They were now satisfied ho could receive no morewho did exhibit an agony such as Parrhasius desired to paint—the member from Pennsylvania (Morris), andDunn, Edgerton,Mjllward, Moor*heud, Morrill,Verree,W'aMron,Walton, Wiujhburn (Wis.),sacrifice of tleir personal snd political preferences, inorder to:secure the election of a conservative nationalman as Sneaker of the House. If eighty Democratswere willing to make those sacrifices, they did notprophecy that the result of the next ballot was a FarnHwortu. Kenton,tive of his constituents, and makes no surrender of his Biiinugton, Builingame,Impatient cries from the Republican side of " CallMr. REAGAN (Dem., Texas) said there had been a only as the organ of the House, and it is only as Burroughs,Somen. Spaulding, Spinner,' Stautou, StevenH,Stewart (Peun.). Stratton,Tappan, Tuajer, Theaker,political opinions by occupying that position. It is BurDhmi:, Speaker that he is responsible to the House. ButUrfceld,Campbell, Mr. VALLANDIGHAM (Dem., Ohio) said he was Caiey,reasons which he stated on Friday, without embarrass- Cane, ment and without reluctance. H e had so voted again Colfax,trusted, have a name for liberality and readiness forany sacrifice which the present condition of the coun-try requires. When the name of the gentleman from yesterday. There was nothing of agony in it, so far as Corwiu,notbeenelected.HeshouldbegladtoseehimelectedLovejoy, MarBtiin, McKean. Mc Knight,Trimble, Vaudever, \'an VVyok,yet. But when Mr. Smith stood upon the roll the elect-now do likewise. It was not essential that they should Pennsylvania had declared that " t h e Republicans Allen, Florence,Untitled DocumentForMr M«W<D«.m..Vfc)_M£.r,. Harden. ^ » ^ K - * »on. Qua)]<•«, Stoken, and Hatton-6.For Mr. VallfiTuHpham—Mr. BovoeWhen the name of Mr. Davis of Maryland was called,he voted forMr. Pennington. This was greeted with For Mr. II F. Clark-Mr. Ktherldw.'Tbe roll was proceeded with.be (Florence) bad no agony for the course he had pur- sued in voting for Mr. Smith, who was a conservativ andnationalm»n.He(Florence)wasaDemocra proper,andactedfromconvictionsof right, andaMr. GARNETT (Dem.,Va) asked to be excused Mr.HARDEMAN(S.A.,Ga.)repeatedwhathe fromvotinchad said formerly, that when a conservative man could Mr. FLORENCE demanded the Yeas and ^ays. beelectedby hisvotehewould giveit. Buthenow Mr.COLFAX (Ren.,Ind.) called attention totheAstor. Trevor & Co. got $100,000 at par, aud Locke- his friend meant nothing uDkind. The gentleman had mence their legislative duties. While not indorsing wood & Co an equal amount at tbe s»me price, andMr. McClernand's political opinions he voted for that oilintoourgapingwounds—[laughter]—woundsre-' gentleman.Thompson Brothers got $400,000 at small premium.ceived in behalf of our common country. He respected themanly steel ofthegentleman, butevery blow aimedattheDemocracyhadbeen warded off.anditMr.MOOBE(S.Am.,Ky.)hadsaid hewouldnotvoteforaDouglasDemocrat. Ithadbeenremarkedthat,itwasbetternottovowatallthanvowandnotThedetaiir-dawardisaafollows:ThompsonBro» Thompson Sroa 'JhompeonBros ThompsonBros}!*M^°100 13-100100 1006-100 100 11-100 1(0 21-100 10026-100 100 10050-100 100 50-100foreshadowed by his friend from Tennessee, he bad sat here more firmly impressed with the principlesdition: he did not feel at liberty to revoke what he had heretofore.said. HedidnotliketovoteforMr.Mc-Ward, CaropWH it. CoWar4-CamphollUCoFutaw SuvfDjjs Bank, Bait.. which had upheld him thus far, and if he should fall, Clernand unless the necessity was forced on him,and Cammanii Si Coholding States, to throw ^ off a yoke which is it would be with the greater pleasure that he should until that necessity should arise, he would vote for Saving" Rank, Baltimore....Mr. NOELL said, when he was called to perform a Gcorje? M5!D«5.....Jan.31—8p.m. There are no signs of the Royil Mail steamshipgentlemanillustratedthetruthoftheold sayingthat," whatever a man attempts to do,he does awlcwardly;and that whatever a woman does, she does graceful-ly:" H e thought the gentleman illustrated anothertruth. Itissaid,"afflictionsthoughtheyseemsevereare oft n mercy sent," and as to the gentleman's careerin 1846it might be added, iu conclusion, the stanza,"they stopped the prodigal's career, and caused him to voting for him, did not comproaoiie any political opin- livery to the press thronghont the United States.Expulsion of Citizens from Renmcky.CINCINNATI, Tuesday, Jan. 31, 1860. Eighteen citizena of Mason and Bracken Counties, Kentucky, have been expelled from the State on account of their opinions on Slavery. Most of them arrivedhere yesterday.«.Serious Railroad Accident. BOSTON,Tuesday,Jan.31,1800.The day express traio from New-York forthisc'ty ranotfthetracknearPuloier,andoneofthecarswaaClernand was elected to fill a vacancv. ciprocate? A Southern slaveholder (Davis of Mary- thrown down an embaukment, turning several somer- land) bad to-day landed himself in the bosom of the setp. The brakeman had both let^s crushed, and diedMr. ETHERIDGE replied, that did not matter. H e Black Republican party—why could not they sacrifice of his injuries. M r. and M rs. Biddies, actors, and athen so small a thing as party prejudice? Withoutequivocation, straight along ana straight out, he voted passengers were somewhat bruised. The Rev. Vlerriiitbe back of John Sherman, the indorser of the Helper stopping, but w»8 not nuch damaged. Daily was at right to expect some sort of return from that organi- book, if we have not broken his leg. If w e do not ihe brake on the rear end of the car, when the accidentfice must have been incurred, how much gentlemenhavegivenupinthepatrioticefforttoconcentratethevotesofthisHouseonsome individual whostoodonnational and broad comprehensive ground; and when and then another member of the American partyI remember i.bat I, myself, with a name unknown to sought to produce discord and collision between the Mr. SIMMS (Dem., Ky.) said the vote forMr.Mc-zaton. Buttheyweremet,withthesuggestionof. another name by the gentleman from Georgia, (Hill) next.happened,andwas*thrownoffaudrunoverbythe rear car, which was also thrown from the track, and broke both of his letcs. Superintendent Gray ran out a special train from this city to the scene ofthe accident,first time, have received the .honor of so that Democrats had a right to expect more manlyand party. It was now in the power of the Democrats to large a vote as was conferred on me, generousconduct. Anartfulallusionwasmadethat decidethecontestinfavor ofMcClernand,withthe 1shallonlysjayIshallcherishthekindnessduringtae thepresentationofthenameofMcClernandmighthave aidoftheSouthernAmericans.Hehadvotedforthe residue of my official term, and while a member of this some connection with tbe Presidential election. T h e candidates oi^^tJjelalfter, and was n o t mean and cow- body, and ca-ry with m e into the uhades of private object was, by nominating M r. McClernand, to unite . ardly enough to ekulk from the responsibility.life, when mV public service shallhave ended, a grate- on him allthe conservative elements. If he (Reagan) Mr. CRAWFORD {Dem., Ga.) waa one of thoselulandabidingsenseofthe.deepobigationunder hadbeencontrolledbyanyparticularPresidentialpre- whohadnotyetcasttheirvote. Hebelongedtotbe wasaccidentallyshotthroughthearm.Hiswound: which gentlemen have placed me.vBut without in- ferences, he would not have voted forMr. Boteler, most extreme wing of Southern politicians. He did was dressed at the Little Arkansas, and when lastcor-towardtheBucceesorwishesoithosegentlemenwho dially the nomination of Mr. McClernand, Wholnumberpresent 233IPenningtonhave so cordikily aud steadily sustained m o . I there- fore beg leave, before another bailot is taken, to with-was not more unanimity in his support among members• 91Ooverument a few more as efficient officer* on the Plains as Lieut. Bell, molestations by the Indian* would toon cease. .,No Indians of any description were seen on the route b y this party.Union Meeting in Fhiladelpkia.PHILAIIKD'HIA, Tuesday, Jan. 31, 1860. This evening's Journal publishes a call for a grand mass meeting on Saturday night next, to organize a party to bo styled the " Constitutional Loion Party," having for its* object the preservation of the Union* the protec ion of the constitutional rights of the States, and the suppression of sectionalism. It ia signed by a large nomber of prominent business men of the oity. The Hon. John J. Crittenden, tbe Hon. Millard Fill- more, and the Hon. Edward Everett, are expected Waddress the meeting.Statue of Henry Clay, etc.RICHMOND, tusday, Jan. 31,186U Hart's statne of Henry Clav, made for the ladies of Virginia,wastakenfromthevesselto-dayinabox enveloped in American flags, a n d placed in a vehicle, which was draw n by an immense concourse of citizens, accompanied by a band of music, to the Mechanics^Institute, where it will remain until the anniversary of his birthday, when it will b e formally inaugurated.Important resolutions were introduced iu both* Honses to-day in relation to a conference of the South- ern States, butreceived no action.The House Das>ed a bill appropriating $2,500,000 a s a loan to the Covington and Ohio Railroad.From Nebraska.. S T LOUIS, Monday, Jan. 30, 1860AA bill.for a Convention to Frame "a Sute Cons^tu- tion, has pasted both Houses of the Nebrnaka LegjLsla- ture,andhasreceivedtheGovernor'ssignature.Mr. MILLSON rose to second mostand to express his earnest and deep regret that there Necesuaxy to a choice 11" | McClonuuidelectenthistrialtheBlack Republicans will ontheKellogK Kel!ogK (IU.), Kenyon, KiJgore, Killb.ger. Leach (Midi.) Lee, Longnecker,Curtis,I)avi« (Md.),Dawen,Delano,Dueli, McPher*ou, Wade,Co&kling,Tompkins, Covode, Loomu, Tratu,shaveavoteto-nightbutthatyoucanto-morrow,after apreliminaryvoteforall oftheHouseto seethatall ourfriendsarehere.TheNew-YorkandIWtoiiExpresstrain,whichleft this city at balfpast one o'clock this afternoon, metLieut. Robinson, who •went out two weeks agoy* •ctab. RAMwww.fultonhistory.com 