 INTERESTING FROM EUROPE.Arrival of the North Briton at Farther Point.ownPATHE PRIZE FIGHT.trot at* tfcerngs>r*epbat.reaercten—_bare r* vr-r broro it evsa iniacecied that tbey hadrated ia tbe capacity to endure or reseat, it to eas* ta i la wrtwtiisg mare acdotnU occur of a fatal cliaraeTbto <*erd nmt laat evening Aldermaa Cornell, te theCURIOUSSTATEMENTOFTHEREFEREE, way the public bar* juat witnessed la a relic of tae old ber, firm at 61a. 9d a 63a. . State of ecctety which baa tfflectually pamed away. TaeUntil very lately Mara and Teams held oadtoputed p«a-TieAfter many totals, lures, rumors, aad reports, aad•ale of ticktej at taree guineas each, aad a yet higaer m-day 83,000 bales, ot which 6,000 were token by specu-ua>forspecialprivilegestotbe riog, rsrnborougb. was latorssadforexport.t test fixed upoa. Yesterday morulug, at the earlyCOanumCaTIOh FROM THB OnRP<«UTtOK ClOOlSBX.A reply was received (rata the Corporation Council to anmoonyoftbaBoard,askingIfaaypower wasrested In the Common Cannot] to prevent incumbrance* betogvtoea our hato was buried ta tne fhaahy rettremeat ef a Redemptoriat aunaatory m the otty of Philadelphia,atoningla eackoiothandashesfurpastpec- eadiBoea The conversion of St. Augustine, who, by theDrawa Battle*10 OTHER FIGHr TO THE PUCE.THE LONDON MONEY MARKET.r ur «c•f vhawlf-pymas*t>se-v^e.n»,»,ththeenfbl«tbt between 8«yers and L enan oommeaof^, and a very aad sight was pressutod. T*r> men, esdowed by nature with the highest qualities ot pb steal ssrength and oaorage, respieodent with the o<«uiwa of heeJtn and natural developement, prepared la abuae tbeir grett advaatag«e and mutilate struct tres 0' so much pwfecUon No geoerous oenteet In a rival and ba mhasftatof strength; nosacttloe la tbeaarvtoeProvisions quiet.Produce market quiet and unchanged.O b i t n a r y .DEATH OF THEHONOBaBU AOOH8TTK BETHBLT L. CLARK*•TranslatedfortbaNewYosaHmuw fromtbaQaoeta do Guatemala ot tba 83d of Ifarca 1persona. Mr Bionsoe says tbat so far as relates to ia way, was also a soldier In his youth, was nothing to this tog on the oa*st, tnereby rebevtog tbacumbisneea abmb may stand fa lb* way af trade sad of De Riviere, whose fame Is aa broad aa tbs «u<verse tt •hip. aaa saving tares sa much sa seaabte from« onamsrce.be is not aware af aay dtotiaotaaa betwean self Only to thtnk af tt—me gay lever of ortnoitneaed to tbe BOB. twees Krueaum ptriora all toe heavyEal of tut War Between the Di^coont Houses In tbe first rcuad Hi (nan's aose was nearly broken.a i d tbe Bank of England.carrfcd to bto corner bleedingI n t h e t h i r d 8 a ) e r e w a s k n o c k e d d o w n l i k e a b u l l o c k . In tbe fourth a violent blow upon thd moudi uookedBay ere do »n again.Tbe fifth and a x * rounds were trials of skillThe Btventb waa a frightful sceae. Wtta a fearfulIniwa Ststts, died tn this captisl at half past six o'clock o a t h e m o r n m t o f t b e 1 7 t n f i s t . M r . C l a r k e w a s b o r n on ibelith oi February, 1800, in Chesterfield comty, ia tbe State of Vt»g*la Wbtle very young be was sent tothe bist* of Kentucky, where be stuoled law and was ad- mitted into practice ae ao attorney At the age of twenty two } ears bo was elected representauve in the Legt*latare otb» Mete,and*assubsequentlyamemberoftneasmelabor, bistoncal research, and unusual ability in tu pre p a i a t i o n ; m u > y o f t h e h i s t o r i c a l f a c u a n d r e m l n i B o e n o e a , consectrd with the early history, rise aad progress ot the city of New York being tuiiy portrayed.Alderman GBUKTmoveo as an amendment, tbat the sum of $3 too be mseited, which wss unanimously carried, snn tbe resolution was sent to the Counctimen for oooour reoce.meni Whm the signal « glrsa to come -ever tasgasg. w a y t a s y m a r b e s e r a c a m b e r i n g u p a s a l l a i m a a i anmbg tarn gh the po'tholes like monkeys, rrssimau fdseasaf rrrs oa dank aisass. ia a atato of nudity. having «aa a amail pieo- of cloth round their lotus, ss taey nsvs te pass tnrowga a heavy earf on leavw the saere, tony gesetaily tranefer tbiacknb to tnetr heaia for tbe par- p>*eo<ktti'i.gitdr» Their sanies to roogaare alwaje bait iilrd witn water, and requirebailB'g to keep them afloat Toetr appea/aaos enleg tne ship s sack ia that of a aetaon bavag ouptdinpalmOILAfterbavwga.jusiaaclorts ibout theirloins,they arecat«1atox tbe quarter nook, and ranged in line for Us^aehoa by the offtoeta, uivaruoly presenting »eii Odii boltos wtihaa*- si fu 1, muscular frames, aad a tall, oommtad-.ng aanear* anoe;fromibeeeasetecaoaofthemostpowerfulUthaa made, wbo are enlisted for the term of sarrtoe of the totsofaeck-tf;noexcuse,evaoofpassu*,wastbegrounlot oM>fl<ct It was a dtogTece'nl, wanton and meroaoary ettcvt of mutual mutilation.pais owned by the Cnrporauaa aad those owned by In- drrtdeemV Aiavruni's KATTUXL or ran OORTORATIOH.A preambto and reaslution was offered by Alderman Boom approprtBtthf tbe sum of $ijM sa a wmunerattou to David T Vsitotme for the compilnlloB of the Manualfell destroyer of maa ant only reformed, bat stricken with penitence aad humility among the pious Brotherhood oftbeRedeemer1 WhatasenaatioatbtonaMuaoemeat to deatteed to kick up in tbs rsnhioueBte oirolea ef wbtobwork, swob aa waterieg and arovtotontog tbs abm, taey betogfreqasasly eotiged togeadtotaaasef irenitra ta tea miiea up the rivers saanag throagb a heavy serf. sen at owing oar g-f owe bars to ebtsm Blear freak eator. TheKruemee.immeiiatetyoatbearivalofaanteat btearevta, eoeae on* la Urge BamBars to dxatr caaam, sar-In the sixteenth bo was knocked dawn by a b ow on tbe pebbc SJISJ Tbe law does not give the governmeat tbe nose. By into itms boti) men were frightful speotaoies right le stop tor pu vicatioe of a pamphlet containing no S*yera, frequently knocked down at the ropes, was danparticular offset*, but the Minister of tie lotertor hai gerously bruised. Hotnan's other eye was nearly closed. We cannot follow Ibe atoaeolag narrative, a s it w s s pub brought under the aotice of the Minister of Jostloe the nabeu a m ntgbt, at>y further in detail. Sayers waa aome- Boone suaoanvree on the occasion of the publication times thrown, hto heavy antagonist falling upon him. Oece Bayers was struck when tailing. Both men were contuse*- and swollen liigbUu;ly, and their strength aadFather l'a-ioodo. of tbe Society of J SUB. Tne street an ' Eleventh avenue, and James Wallace, No 238fruit of his reading and mediuttous, and First avenue; John Ouster, corner or Broome and Cannsaabove all, ot the grace of God, was hto re streets; Henry Scbwarts, No. 67 Pike street; John Fuller,solution to embrace Catholicism, which be f il No. lUv) Bowerv -. Michael McCoy, No 269 Rlvtngtoastreet,af ahe pamphlet," Le Coalntoa," aad a Judicial inquiry *'li be hold.manly beauty were a hMeous rum sad m bloody mutaa, tkn. The Society lor the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani- mal! never had a more revolting case to prosecute before tbeaagtotrates Itwouldbeamercy andacreditto Fngltsb society to put pMse fighters Is the category ofnaroo I'tnol, Bisbop of Nicaragua, wben be took the naaae of A'.guftlii, bis got lather being the Minister of Foretgu AffauB, Don Peoro de Aydnena. That intcreetiogcere- mony, In wbich Mr. Clarke, profoundlr movnu, gave evi cent proofs of the sincerity of his conviccona, could not be ixrtormed with the accustom.u solemnity in conse- qotneeoftheseriousUlnestunderwhichhesufferedat the line Mr Ciarke continued experiencing diifbrentJoo. kfcvGann, No. 180 Rlviogton street; Beery John, No 68 svenuc B, and John Dudlirs, No. 106 arenue D Held m $100 for trial.DBADLT AaBAtnx.—Patrick Garvey, a BOB of S t Crispin wentintotheshopofRaphaelMarks,No.143WestBroad- way, yesterday afternoon, and presently as animated dis*pours its wealth and literature, and all tana tt can odor, into our laps; sad why should we not become mere educated and refined from day to day? We do; aad hencewacultivate flowers. Wshaveourflowerex-reader their oa go of ebonies, dbcltimmg their aauoaeblf by throwing overboard tbe Aeaericen flag and papers, as to tbe oas* of the Orios, s starer lately captured by the British, wbich bad 886 slaves on botrd at the t a t , sad theAmericanbigttoverntor,ofNewYork,wnaabevt Bta slaves on hoard; tbe cantatas aad crew af theseNEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1660.-TRIPL1;I»H;r a i l w a y t r i r e . l e r w b o t a k e s a d a y ' s j o u r n e y a b l l p r o v i d e A a v t b e r r e p o r t o f t b e I i v e r p o o l m a r k e t s t a t e s t b e l a -blB>Btl<w-th {revision tor a week's corruption. He ports of cotton oa Thursday 17,464 bales; previously Core act understand the aew system ot conveyance withn a • v - a - l • o - e p a t b* - n - v - t ' a g - a > . —The Americans Reques'ei the Fight to be Stopped!Conbat to be Considered is aa illustration of this- . pressing their stocks on Um market: sales yesterday and Committee sa Financeeat cipaeare fatigue or deleyn Aad la tbe aaaaa anttag the week, 70,000 bales. outrspottiag a deadt w W ,0tt,8« M to tbe mreot lmL*ove nxnt Ftad for rtia'atag, gracing aao partogBtreata, &o ,end trattoMtdig the draft of aa ordtoaaoa aatuor- iztngtbe borrowmg el money ta aattotpauoslof the oofway we have ngtrts got up under the Imoressioo the pohra are not instituted, aad t&at every « . tea to orfecd himself against oallly ruffianism But there Is at cb a long aa making ruffltaiam In order tohaveg "renounced tbe devil, with all bto warita aadtae auaca s sf the tMtivaa. H a _ « , bertaa atemt9to,ea» tahaattanu; ths vn, wah a sinpuJttSB sf 3.0db, it totbto cotoi.xa.loa 0' oomprtea 1judges ta beawasana ef tae alave trade. It a at snipsnT war,saoommgtotbecoast, natives of the Etas trtae faratfcer canes t parcentaad upwar i tuu* s»m be nui-ed. At aha Bank baa demaxd was moderate, the improve meat tn tbe exchange having oamv d a ©tssat'o* o tbenwfttMipni ntTewrn. MEETT>0 0» THB BOAAb OF ALDtRMBW.demandfargold farUmCootiaent. £95•w ofthe *ri»,Ct« by the Suffolk waa this day seat into U * Sauk Aay further supply will probably be aimlwly oealt with Tba amount of rptcto engaged for tbe Eaa by tbe a'earner Ceylon, wbtoa wty tail oa FrUay, to as much at £b2,6»Ttopreside.A SAjrrraXY oosmirrns BBS aaw tout. Ahterffasa Boots offered a preamble and reso'atian taRivtfrewdlaetbehasbantBtammitw Wabaaaraas one te ctoposed ta dispute tbe gallant Zawaraa stomal to tbe dignity of a first class, fall btoofJed bare, wlfoe to he demolished to surrounded wtth a beantngoldaadtberesiduaInstiverla the London produee market sugar was flat; at 28»OspkUbers,auaeugvuyoperatebatslowi, ef aaewtntomteseetiMai»ds , 80 tierces sad SI bbto. Cuba, onty a rew lorn ware •old st Sto a 42a fid. Coffee—At present only Jamaicaaua tbe hstertoi af tbs pabuo owes in rise to tne emiem«fm.ieiemutgxgproceedlagsofsolowacbaraeter Prom .cki.tifiictt»ntobese«ctdand reooamendad b>the* LONboir, April 19—P M. Consols closed at 94 *i a 9i% tat Barney aad accountLivnarooL, April 10,1800,put it no* n The brutal scene at Vsrnborough yesterday Cotton without material change, although hollers tra tedtoa of asarmnxom for said parpasea. Bnierred to Cbrtottaa life tot future. At the latest adThe Laataf OmpMttm Omturlea Bivtsrt, tma Oalsmmt Samawa.Among tbe remarkable Bhtngs rnwerwed to (Juan's sbsBBW of tbs Preatdeat (aattof as Mayor), ana Batted an resting ledger, tba feats of Cantata Chute* nftoaai Date>««!*•«»•« ttoaW/anti __ __ atwnoa e r T B B BBOUKBBI -BOW TUB aanaioav• AB »mm aaa BUmriB—raxsa>T oonwnoB or tmB • a a a a f aAua, BTO., ETC. "Wsanveiataty*er*M,iramareliabtoSMra resahas ef Liberia a stewly but seraiythrough tba raber o'tae niaaonaries snsagad a tauemmorsnrues af tbeif geai rasaiu can be seen u greenly,,,,nrwanB,U u f e pri» fighting; we doubt this. Bat,If It beeo,WT*s9hrg a stilt lessen outrage upon humanity, beceisethree ouesrqueaoes a»a of the nature of aoadeais,whilemaltreatmeatasd brataJdtoahtementareIkeavowed atoa of the boier. If taere be anyconsetfaey ia the seatiment o humanity, every•port sheetd be restricted attain fatal Kmiu. aad ea aa toexcior e at. > serious personal Injury. We habere UMearnday itmu will coatala no report of the battle at fara has been offered, which sold at Bteaoy price Tea—The ntiHin., That i t * meaner of each Board of tbs Oom- sad vater Therefore it to tbat we, along wrm arero atoty,at tbsbsadsf wamh was fleary (bay. Atiuana- borrugh, taking, nub commendable taste, a »uad agetont saee are gong rather sluggltobly, aidprewiKto prloea nxa fai-BMl, who sba Iasrooiate with thorn a asmpstent wbercandHparfOo.sanm that tbto gtfted see sf leantetfce foliowfng effact:—That by atatemeam sf •Utosaasl ia q.trtea inn tubiic heal* of this CM) to at a grade beto • matofmanyotberlargedtomofthisaadothersawnlrtes, afntt,*btohm vtew of Its hnasmfm wasaHa aad grant aa torsi advantages, can only arise from imperfect mgata tmn and other msernal deanaaanten. tbarafara,trees af ertaoMne, at oaty a grtoa vteaged AJgertee, toibeteethandtb.rstmgforth*deadlyooofliotBe PJjrtore baa seams atod aH swab sypeaaahi atoaast wtth a iteeee, to say notfcmg of tbe aoareo af Ire eaters asd biii-ies wb« bsve felt to their cost bto innomparanto skMwrwwje/^mnra VvU\\ plaVOC vriTMf; taswttmam* aath a quarter, bar lag the authority whien would aaoare barely maintained. Rice firm aad holders asking mora Kewiforb Seutinry assonauon, beaopwated a commw Ftenee to likely to'tve ea the page of history aeoneof graau from tae Darted 8tatsa aad ths aattvs —-—lannautumn10IUaaggcelKna,tbapublicoiighttoreceive itmepryOcalreeomrneuoationawhichweuiasecuretbat bt»Df snould be restricted to aparrag, Juat aa sword ex ercee a restricted to fencteg. Fteht og in the grewltoasFame'smitthonoredchildren,aheroamongmenanda cmqur/orofsentimentalwomanhoodaoney.ratesCav.; May and June, 6fi« a 5*8. fid.; October to Decem-•tonteitvfbtigalethesubjectwitominoritytovnwtthosefyiBotownettlanitar?measures bavebeea mce*«cMSSlubi ^roeectted, snd that tbey report to fnll^ofdis Beardibe reauUof uv»r mv«mgain>na, togesbsr wtm aaatonsyaiecn tor tbe santa/-, government of tb» oity sstaumr srasionof tbe gallant Zouave, but tt appears tne heathen jieB atnt wdl «flt«tuaBy p«aaate tba health ef Ms inhabitg o d a a d g o d d e s s b a v e b e e n s e r v e d w i t h a e u m n a - y w r t tSaltpetre—A iiulebusinessataboutprevioui Tallow steady; oa tbe spot sad April dslirnry,*"•t»**1,i"*onatantpveseaseofoarshipsofwarbag bed a strong tensen ?y «© nbeak tats qaarrstosmi aaaaa.sa Ibe part of tne aattves, sad has si the aaa^ ^ • 1 ^ 2 ! 5 * "*»**••< • » tafaatlnpimir ^ * The ahMraen af war nea-ef war from aaa* n ZBreadstuffs are buoyant Cora 6 1 higherc placedorebedrbeingerectedenpiersownedbyprivate berska.tenartorntbslabertoasdattesAfter a long aad painful illness, his Exoelienoy Don of tbe Uommoo COULCII for the current year. Tbs report tbe gallant capum constituted a shining light and orna- rouadtng toe sain and aeggteg sdaanasa sa beard, In tbe second round Sayers was beaten In the face, and Augv.Btin Beverly L Uarke, Bestdent ktiaister of the stairs tbat the work Involves an Immense amount of ment And bow hat rowing it will be to contemplate the tbrot/gb u»e.ir bead RroemaB, for tbe purpnae sf sabaVd e s p a i r o f I n n u m - i a b l e r o m a a t i o m i s s e s , s e n t i m e n t a l mammas and susceptible, granunivoroia widows Tba sad history of Yuhkins aad hto Dinah will b» o u t entire U tnto oblivion.But ail is not yet told. Capt. Charles irnaud De Btvtere has a lawiul spouse r»-loingInthecityofBnnsels,to- wards whom he has long played the part of truant has-ThesteemahipbothB<ttua,troasLiverpool18th,via ciowoedtbenrs.wbo,taotherwcieiy,wereaooostomaddekgaeintteKentuckyConventionandassistediaform meatslortheofficeoftbeCityIbspeotor,withoutcm- Inthisr»spect,hehassoughtbytettertheforgivenessofT R O U B L E SI NI T A L Y ,8.C.blow, 8ay«rs cut Beeean'a kftobeek open, aad bhndedut.ee>i- ibe blood Brined outfromanImmenargaanAf'er twelve mtnuUe of aavsge muuUunn Ha>n«n too y on eevtra, occas<ons In 1847, during the e l minisA resolution was presented by Alderman PLATT, calledop, directing the Street oremisstorer to fit up new apart beef. BYcBibieor his MDS of omission end commissionknocked da>ers oo«rn again, whn a blow on the mnun. traUon of Prttadrnt I'odt.hewas eieited rei»ree«ntauve FaKTtma Poorr, C E , Aor'l 16, ISM. OiuttiMS of geetlemrn— w» ougbt to say Hule moos— in tb« nairobalCbhg'ees, and tu I860 took bto seat as aQi'rttv.*!1vtbtaat,baaarmedoffthispoint,onher way to QuececThe aew« u oae day later thaa that by the Vaaderbilt, at New TarkTae seme journal has a qualified eulogy oa the light It says that itayrrs waa coat eat of rictary Is tea mnotes more, ano that Hrx<aa's frleads requested thereferee te stop tbr fightThe ateamabip Mito, frost New York for London, badpet tab* Dertsuota short of coal aa l with lass of rig r»g, heFRANCS.PASS, April 10,1380. The thmltwr ef this morning states that tbe patiphtol ' Le Osahuoo," serves as a pretext for worse manoeuvres,aad aedeavors to meiateia a feellag of saeasiaess oa thetoextrtalnthed<licateBiructureoftaeeyv,aadol«etbe togibenewcoostituuonoithat8l«te. InJanuary,1861, tract Aftersmeopposition,AkermsnGenetmovednaiveleU its structure as proofs ot the wirdom of God. be Wks noroinaieo by tfce toon President—ani toe notnl that tbe resoiutiun be amend.d by Inserting the sum of »1&0 bto wife, and humbly pleaded for a reunion. It is sailBsre,tb«-y obeered tola hideotis mutilationTbe eighth rouno lacu^i tweaty mtnutts.to bleed at >be moutb, was sgain knooked dawn.Tbe nintb round waa a aimtltr scene. It was now drubtful wbich would kill the other first.la tbe trnlb, Betnan threw 8»>ere heavily. Bofo e tbis time ciayera' right a-m wasdteaMed; it waeimmena*- ly swollen and peifeCUy blue, and in thai state he Ma- th Btd the figbt.In in*eleventh, Heenan was struck in the month.In the twelfth, Heenan, wtth a fearful blow, struck Sayers oown.In the thirteenth, Sayers was giddy, and unfit to protest btmseif. and ought nlevertohare been brought up; andlleetan. witn a inghtiul Mow on the nose, knooked nil oown agato.In toe fourteenth, he was twloe struck araln an the moutb in an appalling mani er. and knooked oown.la tbe fifteenth, Say era was again beaten in tbe mouthnattoe was ratified by the senate—as Kesideat tllalBU»rof ibe tn-leu Suuts to the republics of Guatemala and Hon uure&that Mrs Capt. De Riviere has been so moved by thl« proof of tbe regained affection of her liege lord, and so struckwitbthegoodness ofheaven,that sherefaeeistoTare* hundred beraea bare just passed through Paris, baring beta purchased ta England for the Pledmontoaesavor.CtuuBUtr, April IS, 1800.at Leap anrtred yesterday at Areeel at the banquet>>ns drwak to the Smpersr sf F' a ice. M. Ltlty appea ed wtth great violence, and the fight put an end to la tearfulat the balcony of tbe Governor's house, and read a da. contusion. Two more rounds were actually fought la the Tbe Minister of Foreign Affairs, who was one ofsnatch,announcingthat taeEnoeror andEmpress wi1 crowd:butastheumpirewssthrustoutofauthority,and the latter, In CODjunction with the widow ofBayers,made-ban an incuta ion to Catholicism, and gave many proofs Dolsn, of No. 130 West Twenty fourth street, became theirot tbis to bis public speeches. He devoted bis mental belt Lawreaoe Byrne, corner ef Sixth avenue and Thir-to u r b a .Oas would not sxpect, perhaps, to find a taste forflowers to a community of men who are supposed by oataiders to think of aothlug but tbs almighty dollar; botyet go to the residences of our merchants in ths oity sadsuburbs, and see tbe greenhouses a n l conservatories,where all tbe wonders ot the flowery kingdom may befoond.reeuadlag one of some fabled fairy palaoa, orrealizing to tbe eye the scenes we real of la Arabianfacultit Bto tbe study of the principles of our religion, andfirm tne period of bis arrival in Guatemala he placedbin self in otmmuiilca ton with several talented andlearned rccleetaetics, among wbnm was the eloquenttieth street, was held ta $100 upoa a like charge, and was bailed by Mr. Dolaa CompUunta were also made against two grocers, August Newman, corner of Twenty nlntafilled on the 14tb of December, last year, receiving bap- Lous Taegg No. 03 Delancey street, Thos. Kerrigan, No. twm at the bands ot the Most Illustrious Dr Dun Ber- 168 First avenue; Michael McCoy, No. 77 Cannon street;tales, only more beautiful because more saaj. The world to proascaie tbe trade with rigar. Is the event of raiting to with tbe Bnttab ships of war, they are aura to i n -_ ^ _Capt.' Charles Araaad De Rivtere baa joined tba cburob, v^mm, srdBcbBtti aamireaa to. • • • w m m w e a a r r a r j to at Psel a* 1a n t s .A o msmmtcntka waa reoetvod from the wmptroiiar touaguahed soldier for themselves, la other words, the native* and taeI n * o v e r .DannaafT rs TBBsrtarjrr wnomatit» ' • • • .ef ejectment by tbe saints, wbo deatre to eaavsprum tba oa the aauib ef the tertali) ebasge tbepomps," aad firmly resolved to toed an exemplary(or u>at purpose Ai other a m ndment was offered byAideinan Braoy, to iiiserttbat the expenses were not toexcee]$3,100. Tbasmencmentwasadopts1,andtheresolution was ultimately wet for waab of a conaUtutional\ote. The matter waa thea roferred to tbe Committee on secede to the wishes of her husband caul ahe stia.l have oa the coast. Tne native name of three men betog s e n - Repairs and 8upplks. spent a year in soms quiet convent, engaged in prayerMr.democratic party. He epoke with gxtat esse, aadit was evident that be poeeeeeel extensive information oavari'-nssuVitcts Ills rectitude, anl the. moderation oi Alter passing on »omo routine nutters tbe Board ad- an Jdevotion. This istebUon, we believe, she baa alreaiyClarke, Inpontics,belongedto tbebin character, made bis duties agreeable, and gained forb<m ibe esteem and respect of all wbo had inornatere-latM>cs with bim. In giving this bnsf biographical sketchof tbe Hon. Mr. Clarke, we ought not to pass to silencean tvNt which may be considered as the most important Thomas Mulligan, No. 364 Seventh avenue, for violating bors. Oic transit gloria mtmdi, <tc , ate. of bis life This Whs the resolution wbich he took sadcarried into effect in tbis capital, of entering into the tbe Sunday Liquor law. Justus Quaokenbush held thembosomoftheCatholicchurch. MrClarkebadaiwaya eachinUOQtoanswerattbeGeneralSeasons. Peter Gardening in aba •Ukrapolfs and Sa-tentgible it is t i e practice to gtve them a new oae, aaay •of wbich are very amusing, such as Jack R»p* Tarn, Bcttleof Beer,TarB"rk-t,fontwoGiam,An.,ate. Oa oneocemwathePurser'scierkotototeaedasatire •<Dan tookks,"aad b>n for tbe asoideotai discovery thereof by the tret Ik-uteaaat—who ordered it te be erased—weald have afforded great amuaemeot to all the Aaaartoan aea- men on board A happier set af beings aaaaot ba leand under the BUB thaa these native Krooos-n, wbea e a beard eur aatteaal abtps, sad more espeoavty at the Brat aerv agof ass Purser's slops sad atothmg, along with tobaess, halves, Ao , An.Tae change of tbe naval depot from Porto Preya toBaa Past ce Lraaoo, treaty-five degrees further swath, to a very import**, t one ia many respects, both la uotat af climate aao ooavenienc*, and atoa aa regards thaeUve trade—the crutotag around having beea changed to ten vtetoity of the equator, where the slave trade costiitas to flourish, tbe whole Use of boast in tan vtotei-y baag Infested with reateto engaged te the slave trass, bsartor the American flag, and baring all the requisites oa Beardjourned te Thursday.Pollen Intelligence.seriously put Into practice, and ta the mea time tne Cap- tain bin self will oonunue at but nater and aoe*untiltue ei[ uatiou or the self Imposed term of bis peaiieatial la-VIOLATIONS or TUB SCSTDAT LAW — Complaint was made agaiobt Thomas Glenaoa, No. 284 Seventh avenue, aadanimals, and afford them tbe protection accorded cbar-gtsln bis Illness, and ultimately becoming a great custton sprang up between Garvey aad Marks, which even hibitions, as well ss our Sunday school anniversaries. vessels by so doing are likely to eaaaps tbe ex- to beasts This shocking struggle lasted from deal better, he tad arringed to pages short time In hto tuated tn a free fight. During the mebet it isalleged that It to only a few days since the Horticultural Society treme penalty of ibe law against ptraoy The' barfpastsevenuntilfounteominutestoten.Itendedowncountry,theneo-esarypermissionhavingbeencon-Marksseizedaheavyclut>andstruckhisopponentgaveaverytatarestmgexhibitioninBrooklyn,aadtttonotatpreseatemployedbyibeUnitedStateswith tbe thirty filth round, when Heenan got hto ceded to him. When his condition seemed least alarming, on the bead, nb.ch effectually knooked bim oat meat la suppressing tbe stare trade arevery long since a splendid specimen of the oentury plant ssnmg vrssels 1 and three steamera, carry tagof time. He then fell upoa the prostrate maa in bloom waa exhibited in this city by a gentleman froa eighty heavy guns Tbey should ail be steamers of < and hit off a portion of hto under lip Officer stderabto teagta, with light draft ef water, sawa stoto 1 Brauniff arrested Marks, who was taken before Philadelphia. While on tbe subject of flowers, we would rivers on the coast Twelve vessels of this deecrtppowerful mm around tbe neck of Sayers, whose neck a sucden attack, wbich seized him on the night of tbagiven at me evening by toe Oevsrnor of Araeel, a toast everybody expected would be broken Toe humanity of Ictb, pot an end to his life, removing him from the affeo tbe mob was aroused at last The ring wss broken into ttons of bis family and friends.Justice Welch and committed for trial in default of $1,000 bail. Tbe prisoner, wbo was badly used In tbe fight, declares tbat Garvey first struck htm with a hammer, and tbat he only acted In self defence. Garvey, who Uvea at 107 West Broadway, ia in the handsef a physician.3UL\ ax OF OBBCXNS Parsna—Early yesterday morning,Sergeant Lefferte, of the detective force, assisted by detec-tives Bennett, McDougal and Sampson, made a descentupon the news office No. 39 Ann street, and arrested Tba Loudon Pottt Paris correspondent stales that the servo Ufa, if that wilful destruction af the human structure fives, the authorities and corporations, and a large num- William H Dayton and Benjamin F Oakley upon a chargemention that a very beautiful speciman of the Stowkopea Bvcrphaiut has been presented to us by Mr. Isaao carry trg six heavv guns each, with a complement af itw men, including officera. would be more auoossafal ia tbathe police made their way to the men, the fight was ter- tbe deceased arranged tbe manner in which his funeralvtottdaveymMayorJunenext.Severalbouseswerenmated,andtoleftundecided.Weshouldnotbosur-shouldbeconducted,givingtotheceremonytheofficial Buchanan,ofAstoria,L.LAplantsosingula/sadbeau-captureofaiavereoatbscoastthanthoseatprea-ntem-bUn-umated.priaed to bear if fatal consequences yet ensue.Divested of the slang ternss which ooncesl this moral enormity, the eoove to the naked picture of the scene at i am borough—a aoene more creditable to a nation of sava-character ana the solemnity which the position of the de- ceased deserved. On the isih, at five o'cock in the after- noon , tbe funeral ceremony took place tn tbe church of San Francisco, the officiating priest being the Moat Illus-tiful deserves soae notice at our hands. It belongs to the family of Orchidacene (order Orchidese, clam Gyaan- dr ia) and is s native of Quito in Peru. It to generally de- scribed as parasitic, but it to more properly speaking epiphytic.Of all tbe tribes of plants, tbe most singular, the mast fragrant and most difficult of culture to the order of Orohi-ployed, aad the oust would not be aay greater. The pre- sent navel depot at 9t Paul de Loan 10 ia under the charge cf Mr. Blrnie, of Washington, who to aeahmaly amptsyad is tbe discharge of hto duties.NAPLES. Ecg'ai.d a n : FranceThe Ilia Jters ofws with the King, but no day has been fixed forBtcfUnn fnsurreotma to saors serious than the telegraphic aooouau wemd tava led persons to suppose.3 P A I 5 .MAoaa>, April 18,1860.Geu. Ort-ga was shot this morningINDIA A N D CHINA,Mr. Wpfce, fas aVpam sfteiiter-the aavxtf F a s oa Board injury aad exalting human life aa a sacred thing. These baa Intended to be present, was not aole to carry out hto Lxft—were seised and taken with the prisoners te the the beauty and delicacy ot the blossomt than by Um vary ate WfrnaBa mar Dtpvrtwfvr Bsalsye flmMsnatoa 9/The Leauon fwaei ban received the following, datedadaeattam have to do.AMALTSiaTba folio wing table shows tba aumbar of tunes each ofbat more recsnUy a waiter at tba Metropolitan Hotel, ap- peared before Justice Quaokenbush, at tbe Jefferson Mar let Police Court, yesterday, aad preferred a complaint against another colored man, named Gilbert Brown, for defrauding him out of $100, by fame representations.Levy alleges that Brown represented te him that be had leased a pane ta Canal street for the purpose of opening an oyster saloon, and that he needed $160 to enable him to do so properly, aad tbat If Levy would advance tbe amount be should bave an equal Interest with Brown tn the business. Tba complainant accord ngly advanced the money, but Brown, instead of using tt to fit up bis saloon with, went to Philadelphia In quest of adventure, where be remained five days, daring which time hto finances became exhausted, and he returned to New York. He was held tn $1,000 to uswer at tbe General Sessions.A VICTIM or MBPLACSDCb.vraMQKto.—Henrietta Nichols,of 62 West Thirty third street, states that she wss induoed to part with $26 at the solicitation of Henry Livingsten, who represented to her tbat he waa the owner or house No. 100 West Thirty eighth street, and also otber property. Finding these representations to be false, she entered a complaint against the fascinating Livingston for obtaining money under false pretences Justice Qiacken bush held the prisoner for examination. The prisoner was also held for examination upon a similar oherge pre- ferred by Mr. Ogdea Donnlngton, a shoe dealer In Third avenue, wbo makes oath tbat on the 12th day or April. Uvingsion took eight pairs of shoes fr>m oomplatnant'swhere they constitute Um chief beauty of tbe forest, o x a pyleg tbe forked branches of living trees or tbe prostrateBombay, March »d —Exchange, 2s. Id. fretgbuj, <a lis a U ITs 6dLard Bgta to to leave for China April » .a 3s.1 * 4 . ;OP THBthe oaatoatoata wars knooked down aad thrown, and the Consuls tea The government has thus honored the memo-trunks of fallen Umber, over which, tn company maa Snares, Esq , took the mart effective measures teTHE FIGHT FOB THE CHAMPIONSHIP. Tba *«lgbt" continued to attract great attention. Ther*f*ree's decision la relation la the futureThe Lsadaa TWMB says the supporters of both i•a satisfied, that a drawa battle had bean deterThe rumor that the Engltah champion would have beendefeatedbadthefightbe-nallowedtogoontocontradicted l...1° 0 1 0 0 0 1 003 30 10 1 0bioom, having eight flowers on a single stem.quired in the cultivation of thewhich are divided tnto terrestrial, or those grow- ing on the ground, and epiphytal, these at'*ched>ej trees. Tney should never bave a great volume of external air admitted, however fine the weather. To prevent the bouse from becoming too hot, a thick canvass should be drawn over It ourtng the summer sunshine. During the growing season they require a moderately moist beat, from 15 to 85 degress; In the dormant season from 60 toStatss that (ley dosed (he conflict only in ampNance with 4...the wamsi of tae dmercawi. Whan the ring was broken 6...1 0 0 01 0 0 01 000the referee was forced away, aad waa outaids the crowd «... 7..,3 0now called up for senteacs.Mr. Blankman suggested that the defendant bo askedbid age. Tbe statute left it In the discretion of the Cjurt to mitigate the se&tence when the convict was under twenty one years of ago. The passport of the prisoner showod tbat be was only twenty.round the combatants while the lait three or four rounds 8... were fought. Tbe frtenos of il-eaan insisted on hto (the 0... referee's) return to atop the fight, claiming, In accordance 10... with the rules of the ring, that when the enclosure was 11..1 000211 000321 000230010301000101 0 0 0 1 I)12.. broken into the coxbat should cease. They there 13..100010fore made a passage for him to return to the men 14..,0 0 0 1 2 0 Mr. Doyle read an extract from a letter of Messrs. •<tore upon pretence of fitting several members of bis fa- 75 degrees. In the season of rest UM house should beasd stop them, wbich he accordingly did, in spite of the w'shes of Beyers' supporters, wbo were confident of bis wiastog m a few minutes more. No other hostile raeet- [ig will ever take place between the two men, as th» sap- pcrtsrs of each consider that the courage and endurance of both have been sufttdenlly proved, and they will therefare cournt to tbe tote contest being considered a drawn battle.The London li*i«, is a leader on the great tight, re- marks, "that cations without great qualitiea could not have brought tagetbet two m»n wining to pass through16... 10... 17... 18*.. 19... 20... 21...22... 28... 24... 26... 26... 27... %... 29... 3f>... 31... 32... 33... S4... 36... 3<t... 37t.. 58...39... 40... 41... 42..,Total.100020 100010Hecker, asking for JUSUM, and stating that depredations bad been committed' on them by tbe prisoner to the amountof over $6,000; they also askod for a restitution of the property. Mr.Doyle stated to the court that the prisoner and his wife had endeavored to comply with tinsuggestion «e to a considerable portion of the property He therefore suggested that, although the sentence ought to possess a certain amount of seventy, yet the Court would not nbuie Its jower by showing mercy to tbe pt ltoner.Mr Blankman spoke in favor of a mitigated punish- ment, and aske* a light sentence in the pemt-otiaryAfter some further remarks from oouusel the Juige proceeded to sentence the psiaoner. He sail —I suppose this recommendation to meroy arose fro n the belief that >ou had been seoneed by some greater criminal. You siiy it is your flrat offence, a n i your employers gave you a first rate character. Yoar wifa and child have pro- duced a favorable impression upon the Court, and b^tb Judge and juries must look to the great object of crimiaal Uw in thti prosecution of offenders You are gailty of this IsrccDy by jour own confession, and tbe Court hai the power to send you to the State prison, but I 8h*U notorg. i the recommendation of the jury to mercy, ncr the tact that you have done all you could ta atone for this crirm and to tbe apprehension or conviction of the greater criminal It is probubly, as you say, your first offence. Yru ooght to obey the law of me prison you are sent to— obey the keefiers. Y ou have a long lite before you, and a tutuje.and cotwlthstanalng I think \ou will be better oil at tbe State prison, where there is better order and regularity, more system; and I do not know that there temo.e disgrace m going to the State prkon than the petti- teDCary. In consiceratioa of the recommendation of the jury the sentence of tbe Court is that you be sent to the Slate prison for two years and one month.Tbe Court then adjourned te Monday next Personal Intelligence.mily, and that he has never paid for the a.iocs nor re >urted item.iMiBCBiii ForosTRx.—Patrick Cloonan, a " broii of a boy," was arrested for" enticing a little girl, seven yearsk«pt ory: wbilo in this state little or no water should be given. Tbe secret of growing these plants is to take care never to kill tbe old roots, when too much water to given «bile they are In a growing state almost all the•U aa ordoal as the terrible tight of Tuesday."MALTKIATUXNT BY PCBLIC COXSEVr. [From t i e London S>ar, April IS ]1 001 001 001 000 010 001 010 01020txavedemandedges than to the English o' the nineteenth century. What trious Bishop of iTijanopolts. the wbois of tbe religious Is the value of ell those lessons n physiology, of those tri- bocks of the community assisting, Tbeir excellencesto to ba deemed—we won't say honorable, but toie ber of private poisons invited by the Minister of ForeignraMet The whole function ot the Douce sad the best Affairs and by the tamiiy of Mr. Clarke, also took part on of selling obscene and indecent publications About seveaThe mail steamer China, with the heavy portion of the clans of persons. We decline to believe that Oalcraft to a rnaiasuts and China mails, put lata Plymouth on too public teacher, or thai tba prize, riog to to bo Inolutedamong tba accredited agencies of public morality. Here raornmf of the ldth, short of fuel She experienced very ta a satire on our avUisation: neither Mr Spurgeon norhenry gales off the coast of Portugal and la the Bay of Dr. Damming can boast of afollowinf like that of Tom Seyms. Tbe revivalism to thrown into the shads by a prua fight. Tbe event shows what the friends of popularnineteenth century. Tbe proprietors of tbe Uft managed to elude the officers, aad have not been arrested. Oak«y and Dayton, who were noting as agents tn disposing of the papers, bave been committed for examination.are, aa we have said, epiphytes, and not parasites, siaoe they do not derive their snatonanoe from the trees te which they attach themselves, but from tbs moist ire of the atmosphere aad tbe rich black soil tbat accumulatesby aha Loadoa THater, oa the authority of the referee, who 8...3... 11000Care ia re OrchldecexiW/emaydescribeinthesetermsth?proweuiaga which look place yeaterday between ute two persona known as Bayers aad litres* Sajers has bei-n engaged in many sim- Uar nnaaiili m ta» country, aai we are not aware tbat •JJjming dtorepumbie ttt» ever born aiteged against htm, except that which mevittbly oeionga to the unfortunate pro-t<mwo he toilowe. Hoenan—for all we know to tho contra ry—atands equally wtli in the Amertcaiicircle tn wnicb he naovea. Probably these flgaiere atant in personal cha- raotsrabwataasaaaiaclory as any « their clasa What we think the public should make up their minds aooui to, whether these exhibitions are desirable for any purposeof matataiamg the naUuaal courage or the national ch»- raotar. We are of opinion that there is plenty of'soope for rjofsoaal courage without these exhibitions, aad that the caucaai character would stand fairer without them.nent divers pokes m sundry places " The parson was between tbe Benecia Boy and Tom Sayers, have hung the so debght id by tba ptows pogtma that he gave htm a cbarce of making fools of themselves on th) dubious7VGrmpe*>wl—EaHi>qHale&—Captain-OattrmTi ibar—Tae GvnioUi Murder— ffediVr, *c , rfc.The Queen has con firmed toe privileges heretofore grant-ed by the late Captain General to the sdgodooeru Cotton Growing Company, o' which privileges you were duly ad- vised at the time of their being originally granted by the Captain General, a n l therefore I need not again name them. 1 cannot, however, avail observing, that the bead of tbe Algodouern are men of energy and enterprise, s a l ttwouldnotsurprisemetosee thealand,intbeenures of a few years, entering into competition with esr ova cotton growing States in tbe great cotton markets of E* rope. The only reason why the grorlng of cotioo did not prove successful In Jamaica, some years ago, was the fact that sufficient continuous labor coild not be obiained at the proper moment Here, of course, there is no sum fatal obj^ctou. ^w ~In the old time, when " muscular Cnrtotienity" waaw*or* popular than BOW, the prise ring nau its patronsamcBf the clergy It was said that when George Ingle-•ton waa about to fight a man named Ptckard, in 1789, anacearstostlcal atudebt of the amiable art of personal dis-figurement went op to Ioglesano and asked him " howbe meant to win " Tbe boxer, not unmindful of the pro-fesaton of hto questioner, answered, by a parody of the ed in the result of tbe groat international muscle tussle Pravtr Bock, and said, " 1 shall win by giving my oppo-fat....sua..*>09 73 8. W S0.09M M. M. .•IMS M * . K. 37! It*guinea an the spot The fox hunting ciergymen of thosec*r* aa dmbt founa the prise ring a kind of kindred apwM.TfctbjtUtos day lbs ring to net Hkiiy to beeosM po- ruhw wtth tha pulpii, wek-ea aoxae uafot tunaie aberration, or nearly obsolete, which sstoatohespoiL t if tbe referee's decision as to who got the best oftbe fight Ibe gentleman who loses agrees to sweep theb.eck be -c led by East Broadway, Gouverneur, Dl nitonand Scan x e l itrtets, on three succensive days between the N Y , are occupying apartments at the Union PlaceTheatre, and James Connor, of the Volis Garten, Bowery for giving theatrical exhibitions on Sunday eveningJersey City Hears.STSAUNOaVxssxi—on Sundaya schooner,namedtbe Catherine and Martha, said to belong to Mr. Irenus Bol. liogswortb, of Baltimore, was seized by Constable Chase of Jersey City, while lying at anchor ta the cove. It ap pears tbat some time since tbe vessel was sent from Bal- timore to Philadelphia, in charge of Captain Brown, for repairs, instead of returning to Baltimore, tt to alleged tbs [Brown went into business on bis own account, aad shipped a cargo to New York, The vessel wss seized by Mr. Rynders shortly after ber arrival, and subsequently M»* spirited <away. On Saturday the schooner was da- covered on tbe flats near Jersey City, and on Sunday waa attain taken possession of. A Bailor in charge, named Valentine Klint, was arrested. Brown has not been found.Aa official investigation into the mineral waters of Por- tugal to about to take plane, preliminary to preparationstwelve o'clock.8undaj—MornlDg, overcast; light raia during the day;beta ccmethtng suspicious tn tbe movements or the hark Grapxehot. When she left this bar oor the P»P«,r» reported her ra led for New Orleans, wnibst a few days ago abe sailed, as reported In the papers, froa aa oitportof l a s Christian system, that a highway robber w i t bo fv««uy^maat*d at'btoK ^hm^jH sa^sssasknmxAhy saaMaswaw aa^> ana, * • •—• *^* M I ^ PWseaaaatsay ^ ^ ' ^ k ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ b^ftary ssha part of the Chrtatma^toem; h , t waAil; sa-'ery say that Ms preaamts would be samnwnt for the Kaoaa A Frencdh wrtt. r , treating open aatmaal saoris.ressniksd thatto only twrnenamartoa m Bmwps> deam itdeath,or'runtabertaokoftot,taoorderto Kxeaeypansvjsthbe*the kser will begin operations next Thursday.FINANCIAL AND COMMEBCIAL NEWS. The Loadoa Dotty iVsmi City Article af tba evening ofthe i»th says—in accordance wtth the anticipation ex iwmned yesterday tba whole of UM million and a half of «»aoteawhichwarslatelywithdrawn fronUMBankofoc -illation of Jupiter by rm Friday—Morning, clearh Tbe tour of tbe Captaingeneral "J'«« !^"?£*coursae of the people namary, Spain la its bail ntbto.ul tstasd a to nrwlfte. A man enay toarn 13***^* •**•*'«P»F «badiscountfirms,warstntoand moonlight.Saturday—Morning, clear and pleasant; evening, dearand moonlightNaval Intelligence.Preparations nave already bean commenced at tbeBrooklyn Navy Yard for tbe reception of tbe JapaasseBwr aa^*aaTnn s w twmwawna to • a a j ^ u a n g g j smkss4r«assnws^ a a s a . \nFanWAS^^mmaswjsam % aaanaal why should anmot boxingc stop asnbort aof that deadly apeoes iter w/hloh. dtograced EagSsh ctvlhittion yea-Wa asm to the ravivsj af UMwar sprit at populartty of tba brutal caatast which occopted paWlc attention The most oftsa* * —•"»"•"' Tba fundsfor prtoe fighting being tele 'Bled, ta the s o ntennnas tt affords to aattsnal spirit There are many pao been pies la lurope where these coaMam are onkown, sad ao totomrtan has remarked upoa tbeir want of courage, norham any defietenwy In that respect toen fe>t in any of tbevara in which they have unfortunately engaged. TharAI short paper~ *" ***° TMTMmg mans or cur- " - " ' coupled wtth a of gold one-Crowley, Baltimore,are In tow*.Arrivals totod Departures.Untitled Documentto humanity, seeing tbat Portugal possesses a oonsnerabie number of such springs wholly unknown to Eu-umphs of science which enabled us to unders and and pro- the Ministers of tae government, the foreign representsOurP a n a m a OarraarpamaamaIUUs mm Starra STEAKSE LaicasTBa, 1 BAT or PABABU, April 17, l M i . >tone of civilisation turn opon preserving persons from the solemn occasion. His Excellency the President, who thousand copies of tbe publication in question—the cu* dee, and atantion and curiosity are excited no more by exhibitions cannot be cootinu&a unless we flatty contra- intention, as he was suddenly and unexpectedly called police headquarters. Tbe L /r baa had but a short life, close resemblance they bear to objects of Um animal king,tktLamcoAer—DotnotqfOu TfiTlrTn rrsimwiiimlnm warn Public Journal*, 4cBar Britannic htajeaty's Minister te M'xioo Mr. Wyke,vtottedOftto ship en the ltth taat, and was saluted wtth the uauai fifteen guna This distinguished diplomat i s m ronfe for England, wbtob country be to aboat to visit mr a tew months for too benefit of ato hearth, wbea ba a i l return to bts pottOB tbe lath, a decided ease of smallpox was dtsoorered on beard tbe United States steamer Wyoming, ea the per eon of one oi the ootored boys The Fleet Surgeon, Sate-dict the spirit of pub! c eauaation, which to the growing credit of the ago. On Monday night, aad during the whole night, numerous Individuals were travelling, at the greatest inconvenience and cost, u be present at this fight It had all the popular attraction of a public execu- tion, and wss attended, to a great extent, by the sameaway from tbe capital The determination of his Excel- lency to inter the remains of Mr. Clarke in the temple of San Francieco waa, however, carried out, with the appro- bation of the ecclesiastical authorities and tbe Superior of the order. The cofiin which contained the mortal remains of Mr Clarke was borne along, covered with the flag of the United dtntes, the four ends being sustained by Don Pedro de Ay omens, Minister of Foreign Affaire; Viscount Botmillau, Charge d'Ailairs of France; Don Augustus T. Kuit, Consul General of Belgium, end Don J me da Comma, Qnsul General of the Pontifical States. Tba cortege waa followed by tbe authorities and oorporaUons, s a l a Urge concourse of tbe inhabitants. From Um morning of the 17th the flag of the republic w s s hoisted at half mastat the government palace ss a mark of grief, and during the whole of the 18th the flags of all tbe friendly nations were dtopiayed in the same manner from tbe variousbeing only aboutthrse months old, but ta tbat time it to dom. There are various spestas, watch axe found Inha- alleged it baa taken grossly Improper Hberttes with thefab? fame of many of the reputable citixens of New York. biting the mountains and meadows of tbe cooler parte of Boston and Philadelphia circles, mdulgiog In a strain or the globe, as well sa lathe tropics, where they are foundvulgarity altogether unbecoming tbe refinement of the adhering by their tortuoas roots to the loftiest trees. Tasynumber of blows each received la tba various rounds which wars fought:--I310000 00 010 1 010 1 000 1 000 0 010 1 000 0 010 0 000 0 010 1 001 0010 00 1 0 10 10 1 (J 00 10 01 2 •1 431 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 027 00 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 018 12 1 1 1 3680 0 0 0 019STABWXO ASTRAY.—A journeyman shoemaker, named iieorge Bcbmids, got into an altercation with bla employer, John M. Kcrber, st No. 20 (.atsevoort street, U«t evening *ben,uncier excitement, he sexed a knife and subhed korberIntheabdomen,inflictingaterriblewound,which will, no doubt, prove fata! The wounded man waa con vej ed te the New York Bospitai. The dispute aroso from ibe fact that thetourneyman closed the store during the absence of bisemp:oyer ani wentto oed. He waa arrested and locked up in the Ninth ward BUtioo house.PBOJUBLKMLEDBR—AsweepnamedTrusty,residingatCrown's corner, Five Points, wss arrested about teno clock last night for beating bis wife with so Iron birover the bead, inflicting several terrible cuts and platrnt9A.Sf. I Sf.ST.9P.M.* No blow was struck, Sayers having slipped down t Referee left the ring.There were of course a greater number of blows grven and received on both sides than the above table Indicates but as they were slight, and produced no material effect there was no record kept of them.CCB10TS BST ON THB INTKHNATIDNAL FIOHT. Two gentlemen living in the Seventh ward, and interest-Wed so» «.w.190.0938w SO1934K.WV. GAAIMJHGON8CKDAY—JohnReedandFrederick Hell- ibar. 2*190!2 KW.;901S N W 30.47|4t)NW.S.1boors of ten and eleven o'clock A. H., and likewise toMsx Slrakosch aad Hon. Caleb Lyoat, of LyoasdaJe, flotei.House8"SmlUl'fr°,a S*'L°ai8'""fcWtaeht ll»eLukrgarolL Hoffman and Mr. 8 W . Crawford, both of the United States Army, are stopping at the New York Hotel.<GTr re nMiBtr«Llr £!!! 'W* »* *>U»UnitedStates-Mator hendncs, ot West Point, and Judge Lvicgstune' of Boston are itopping at the Fifth AveaTHoteL ' Hon Mark A. Cooper, of Georgia; SenatorFoot ofVermont, and C. U Dougall, of the United States iVmv arestopping attbeA8to?Hoase. ^ * * Armr»Hon. Mr. Cookllng, of Utica; Senator Yulee, of Florida sad Z. Bnrnum, Esq., or Baltimore, President of tba A Z - rican Telegraph Company,are stopping at the St. NicholasHon. John B. Beater, Mayor of Cleveland, Ohio-Col J. M. Davis, Alabama; John Sifeton and Dr. Cuyler' Uni- ted States Army; CsL H Baker, Mississippi; Mr. H Clav Kentucky; Mr 8. B Shotwell.do.; Col. E W Eddy Sanevening, overcastMonasy—Cloudy all day; evening, overcast.Tuesday—Mornmg, clear; afternoon, blowing fresh; tor New York. ^ ,white*sib tbecubttonesoftbesamestreetsduringthe uhne* »^*»arvn «;b»mpe- asu period.\\thedecisionoftherefereearrivesintime,evening, clear; occulution of Venus by moon. Wednesday—Morning, cloudy; afternoon, snowing,evening, clearThursday—Horamg. clear ; afternoon, clear; evening,Three shocks of sn earthquake were fed at St JM» *•Cuba,between ten o'clock P M of ths11th sad tvso'clock A M of the 12th inst. The inhabitants were smres,aanad tnhe scenes 0o1f 'e6x2 Dbroughut»t~e t—he-ir"~tn~ee—anr;yh. -—»»ri0" ^ S ^ I J^kegStn^ntll^**"*1" W*"""* UmThe officers of tbe yard ah all b e spared to maketa* Still•• fanny to_w .. report that aa m - t o i , , , mjtm hj ^Of the nwiai, n .— m»— . Francisco; Mr. D. T. Scranton, Georgia; Mr. aad Mrs F of their history and stattottos—a net unimportant serviceFIGHT.wtth ferns and paraattloal aroidem, they cUrnb and trail ta every direction, until they adorn tbe oae wtth bright buss and rich otors foreign to their nature, aad reader tbe others more beautiful In death than tn tbe full vigor of their extsteaoe. in Mexico and Para, and other parts of South aad Central America, both among the whites and Indians, tbe flowers of all tbs species of Ori chldace* are ia great repute for their delicious fragrance and grotesque shapes. At marriages, barttoms and fu nersis some of these flowers are invariably used to express sentiments in harmony with the occasion. The particular species which we bave been presented with a called Stanhopra, in honor of Eari Stanhope, and to in foil00ry of the representative of a friendly country, and the in- habitants tn general have manifested their sorrow for the lossof so estimable a gentleman as Mr. Clarke. Hto widow has resolved to return to the United States is tba steamer Guatemala, which will sail during the present month.Court of Oyer and Terminer. Before HOB. Judge Sutherland.KAKPT.ES SENTENCED TO BINO SOfO.Arwi 30.—The People ex. Henry Korpiet, Jr.—The de- fendant waa convicted of grand larceny, in embesaling seversJ barrels of Hour, tbe property of Hecker A Co., la 1 0 whose employment he was ss clerk. The prisoner wasprevent tbto fearful epidemic from apreadtng 1aqendron, by aaadtog the paaeat ashore te aa 1 is land, In charge of a voluntary attendantOn the morning of the loth, the Wyoming left I for Beatejo, to redeve Ibe Levant, waaoh rami been ordered to ths nandsneb Islands by the Flag <Oar depart ore from tba place far a cruise almgtha fef Ctatral America ana the west coast of Mexico bad beeafixedtbe20thJtnst,bathasbeenpostponedtoths 38th.We have no news from tbe 8t Marys, except that aba isexpectedbare;andtbeCyanetooaherwayteSan Franotoco for repairs.as yet we bave been expecting ths United States frigate Powhatan in vain, for up to date she baa aai tier appearance.Ia tbe written general orders for UM Pacific squadroa to the foitowmg see:—"Art 30. Officers and other persons belonging te the Pacific squadron, are expressly forbidden te e o n mantoate, either oirectij or through their frteade or other persons, for the public prints In the United States or elsewhere, any tatsUI- geeee of tbe movements or paricuiar acasa of the Paciflc squadron, or of the discipline er toternal polios thereof; such pubiioetioa must be left to the dis- cretion of tbe Navy Department, which reserves to itself the propriety of gt*ing to the public information rela-log to the conduct of squadrons, and afTectng tbe pubiio is- teres is "The above order speaks for itself; but whether the ciM teas of tr-e, United States will exactly concur Is the pro- priety ot the course of prooedure and tone of '-censor- ship'' hereto indtcateo is a bigbiy different question.Your oorrespondent baa again and again been tarealeasd with the dire dtopleasueof bts superiors should be be sto oovered; but not having any centre to Buffer naval martyr-dom for toe maintenance of a principle, he baa hiteerte prudently preserved his inongnito Cin it be possible tbat tbe editors of independent papers la tne freest country In the wor Id will alio « such an attack on tbeir rights te peas by uerebuked, or that any American citizen wil lamely aubmit thereto *Our Havana Correspondence. Havana, April 24,1S69.030 011 010 0 o I) 000 011 0I0 021 031'lepot, corner of Fourth avenue and Twenty seventh street, anu thtnee through tbe back door Into a car , where be made sn tone cent exposure of hte person and took im- proper liberties with the girl. Two otber little girls, who had been subjected to like indignities, corroborated the complttnt, and Cloonan was locked up for examination.Roiim>o Hta EMPLOYERS —Early last evening detectiveKing apprehended a man named John Niel, a porter inthedrygoodsstoreofFul.en&Co,No.36Warrenstreet,charged with having, on several occasions stolen goods from their establishment, amounting to quite a large sum A portion of the goods was i^und in s lager bier salmontill the flowers are nearly expanded helps their growth much.In concluding this interesting subject, we would say tbat we hope to hear and see even greater things in the cultivation of bowers by our New York fellow citizens. In many tbtiigs we are but commencing, and in ev*ry. •-Ling our progressive prospect is interminable and bounl- leas.Irmperatare of the Week.The annexed table shows the temperature of the umosphere in thin city daring the week ending Aprl 28, the range of the barometer and ther- mometer, the variation of wind currents, and the itate of the weather at three periods during each lay, viz: at 9 A. M.. and 3 and 9 o'clock P . M.: -MARRIV ALS.quarter par cent waa firmly * * * The Foanrurx-Rhip ViMaae Belle—Pierre Animate, 'eau Ca-Vixella, DesTaipaa asd Geres, a e of *reat imponeacv"teased r r In the brightest possible manner.The Unitedsupply of money today aneral; the__ .dre,JbcephCudrrT M established.i-M\ the r«st of M.e o utttry txiaMs of nearly atamine>«IH<!S Worthy Of Blteli'! O Bad fH'."T. SOW»e«<f •UVt' •'aJ«*r.cvtrr,shipNurtbCarolinawillbeputtoregularTbe NiJiiioto publishes tbe text of two resolutionspassed by tbe Congress of Nicaragua, offering tbe thanksof tee country to Commoc ore Paula log, of the UnitedStates Navy, fur hto valuable services hi protecting lbs ry, and committed for trial. " republic sgainst tbe last filibustering incursion of Walker.i/rl... T7180.85 w »lft6.44 W. 41 ffli» 63.67 N. W 90.01 w 30.81 48 W. 44st. WAcobOipaDYlhg these resolutions Commodore Paulding ass presented with twenty caballerias (OAOacres) of land, and a sword, to be manufactured for him by order of the government, with a suitable Inscription.Sc»»aT TBEATwcais -Warranta were Issued tor thsdiscounted at 4 * * a ^ 9mX. ^ fc J Baaaanos— Bark Aeronaut—J Whitney Oaasana-aanr Tnwnpb-B w While, lady and twoThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.combave beea analyzed by the Portuguese cneuist Pi mental.• Li:: um. and Oapt Ward will give thea somo new texperiments in bto new mode of tactics in gunnery.OASB or FALABPasisjica.—Joseph Levy, a colored manformerly attached to the United Slat<w frigate Merrimac at the foot of all trees growing la a hot bumid climate,old, named Mary Ann Lowy, into the Harlem Railroad o d roots invariab'y die. Sy ringing the plants mo Jeranlyand identitled by Mr. Fullen Police Headquarters to answerDiel wss locked up at tbeOc4tom Growing Company—The Wanderer andher life very much in danger. The woman was conveyed MOB.. WIS W. 90 J0.8*, W. 30,*}|8J W.to the New York Hospital and Trusty looked up to answer. 'lues. St. W 30.26 3* B. W 1931borg were arrested for gambling at a bouse in the Bowerope. Those of Lisbon, Erteril, Caidaa i a Raluah, commenced. All tbe other vessels in ordinary will be30.91 SO21 47 K B 3n.2S|*Vsf. K. 43|-I hsve tt from what I consider undoubted authority, •"est of Sebastian Euatache, No 616 anl 617 Fourth Saturday—Morning, cloudy and warm; afternoon, cloudy that the yacht Wanderer, now in tba harbor, • street, Edward Hanman and Otto Hoym, of the Stad and coo); rain during night; heavy shower at half past fitting out tor tbe coast of Africa. There nasa a dpleasant,evening,clear£ £Embassy on their arrival here.are determined tbat a o painseverything aa agreeable aa possible. Tbe United States steam frigate Niagara baa been ordered to be fitted out Immediately to convey them back to Panama on their return to Japan, tbe work on which baa already beeaportion of the island hasbeen "P?*«*J*^u townbebsavisited. ^^^^^T^t^ta. to have bes-B iDat his ExreUency mght are the " « " • £ of each town, ao aa to sdopt tbe beat mesas te maare u e^Hto"&Stency returned to this city last Saturday afterMB.The United States steamer Crusader at rived fron KeyWeston the? 9tb, sad sailed on the afternoon of 2fdbut I learn that four negroes have been arretted for theasaamliiBttna of Senor Don Antonio GonxUes Ajoerou ea the 0th inat, of which you were informed in my letter af tae 11th, and tbat it to probable they will all BOOS be garreted.Tne weather here continues warm, but thanks te Provi- dence tbe public health Ii exceUeatTbe total anmber of the smigrsnta who J ^ T j T J Liverpool during \a* mooin of March was 6,701, •**— 6 208 tn the corresponding month of last year. *• esnurrawoB to tbe United Htates ther« has been•TM~' sioerabto inoroaae, but a decree an to the Aus*rai»« traffic.  