 NEW YORK HERALD.T** BaUUnMMe Convention—IU C»napo»l- tion aSMl Attendant Dangers.u one which should no longer dredsoftows,bearing the BgnaJABt OOBDOM BBMBT •OTTOS JLHD PWPKIEWt.jT/o-da) ,h<* adjourned OMurtoston Convention with the duty of sdininBterteg the laws. Fro* should not be landed at some other point of the asset* at Baltimore, and the eyes of the whole the ollowiag facta, which we gather from official Sicilian const. Chivalrous as he Is, we think tt eo«ntry ar<> turned towards it, to see if the po- source*, some idea stay beformedof the amount very improbable that Garibaldi would omitthe public until several days after the close. If the laws containthey received toe Executive approvalto or upon the day of adjournment, it Borrtc* w. w. OOWKX ofTIMma.aa* fa.rwltr. r<****•77r i>A/ir ***±*?'X° THE WKKMLV BKhiLJlof hard week whioh devolves on our city Judge*. Those who are unacquainted with the extent*rwtrAMllT1/»umanryWMrV«»» wer**."struggle whioh Lanza's defeat must have taught them is hopeless. Thus, in very little more than three weeks from the date of bis landing, the Italian hero has made himself matter of the island and virtual arbiter of the destinies of the Neapolitan kingdom. The London Times, which hot alternately petted and sneered at him, may well say that such a feat of arms has been seldom related in history.The Old East's Greeting to the New West. First among the important events in thepected in New York before the middle of Sep- tember. That it will be teen that our metro- politan sensations are most fortunately arranged by circumstances so as to extend over the en tireto Sign a BUI ATtor tlie » • • * Bdrv^jtvst*i^s>n,a^n v •This mooted question has recently been de- cided in the negative by the Supreme Court, sitting in this city. The question came op in the case of the metropolitan Gas Light Compa-CAM AMtM BtOADWAv.-CAuroaau dot* MmmtIM.and the final severance of the democraticorganization is to be consummated. Sucha conclusion to the Convention thatmeets to-day at Baltimore will givesomething like the following returns from the victed in the Court of Special Sessions during turies of age. Through the energy, perseve-NoSessions held in January, 1,207 convictions; In February. 1,201; in March, 1,677, and in April,— %^ « W . W'r.n,*0I fe «*«R«w York, Monday. Jnne 18, 1800.,eran Japan to young America, the ado- 1,703;—makinga grandtotalof offenderscon- lescentgiantof theWest,asyetnot threecen-to the republic of Honduras. We published ashort time ago the fact that the people of Ruatauhad protested against returning under the swayof the Honduras government, so that they areat present, as it were, Independent. The island ia their own States. In the Central States the de- populated by about four thousand people, of a mocratic politicians well know that their onlyWestern power.We presented to the Japanese on Saturdaythe imperial city of the West in itsfinestaspect.We gave them the types of the new civiliza-tion towards which they are advancing. Japanhas now reached only the mediaeval era, thefeudal period. We, on the contrary, havepresented to the "public eye" until the 30th of April.No doubt Governor Morgan entertained theresponsibility of the act, as a piece of party policy, are, as usual with habitual falsifi- ers, sinking still deeper in the mire.,....,, ,.,i iin«n<t.liticians who compose and manage it are equalto the occasion, which requires them to layaside their personal preferences for the safety of crime in New York wHi be somewhat of the common good.providing for these two points, the more parti-cularly as he stands urgently in need of artil-lery for Us descent on the main land.;. It is not likely that any further effort willbe made by the government troops garrison-ing the other towns on the island to resistthe authority of Garibaldi It is more probablethat toe foil of Palermo has been the signal forthem to lay down their arms and abandon n visiting the United States, he cannot be ex* be adopted.the crisis is a great one. From one end of the country to the other—in every city, village and hamlet—the true majority of the peoplebill should be retorted to nofb^h^^tions. Seventeen of the prisoners were sent to desire that the government shall bo saved from the State prison, nineteen to the Penitentiary, WMMAID m W i d i u l l , m fmm mf fm the control of the abolition fanatiet end iaBB- two to the City prison, and fines were imposed gogriea that have made a common cause tft tt» upon them. In February there were, In the care possession of it The destructive toadee- same court, sixty-six convictions. Twenty-se- M of the ideas they hare proclaimed as the ven of the parties were sent to the State pri- son, twenty*ve to the Penitentiary, two to the House of Refuge, and fines were imposed on bleerdeal. Safety lies in the union of the na- twelve. At the February Oyer and Terminertional sentiment against the revolutionary as- there were seventeen convictions, of which two sault, and this onion » rendered to all appear- were for murder, tea for manslaughter, ance impracticable by the personal contests of and two for assault with intent to kill. Thir- ambitious aspirants, end their disputes teen prisoners were sent to the Stole prison, oneon abstract differences which hare little or no to the City prison, one to the Penitentiary, and connection with the great issue before the people. two were sentenced to be executed. At theWhile they are quarrelling for office and spoils, Sessions in March there were fifty-six convic-the great mass of the community are learning tions. Twenty-four prisoners were tent io the to bold them in the eontempt toey merit tor ig- State prison, sixteen to the Penitentiary, two tonoring the common interest In their short- the City prison, four to the House of Refuge, sighted greed. From this state of things there and fines were imposed on fourteen. At theAlawtothatrule of government are universally acknow- ledged, and all hope to be saved from the terri-fiCUity OBBBBBBJ ttt " T "HBWillsit, W which Mr. Stout hat been removed from that office, hot a very important bearing upot tor municipal affairs, far beyond anytonal consideration with regardvidual who may or may not occupy tionof guardian of the city funds. Theis but one possible aesult to be obtained If the cliques persist in their dissensions, and that is the division of their own partisans, and the withdrawal from the support of all of them by the honeet national sentiment of the country.April Sessions there were twenty-six convic- tions, ten prisoners were sent to the State pri- son, eleven to the Penitentiary, one to the House of Refuge, andfineswere imposed on five. Ahistory of the metropolis, since the keel of ny, whose adversaries contended that theHendrick Hudson's ships kissed the noble river charter was null and void, as the act creatingwhich bears his name, we account the official it was not signed by the Governor during thevisit of the Japanese dignitaries, who were re- session of the Legislature. The constitutionceived on Saturday with all due pomp and cere- provides that all bills which have passed bothmony. The details of tilt affair, the splendid houses shall be presented to the Governor forappearance of the cortege, the magnificent en- consideration, for his approval or rejection.to remove ttt stwtw •»» •in the city government, wha "the exception of the two officials who are elect- ed by the people, namely, the Comptroller anf4Ball. tTi Broadway.— This gives the election to Lincoln by default the April Oyer and Terminer there was one con-and the division of the elements opposed to viction, and the party was sent to the State prison. reports.SET ANTS' MIMOTKKUI, W a C ona n w t u H o u .MIBLO'R «••,• M tUAfT.TBUTLt OF MAOIC, 441 NATIONAL (X>WCTCT.T BAJLO0W.to widen existing breaches and to increase theOORNKB Or THTBTKBfTK t T U B t AMD F0CBTH present feeling of partisan bitterness. New bar- three hundred convictions in courts of record thirty centuries, sends a first class Embassy toif he had signed it, unless the Legislature shall, by their adjournment, prevent its return, in which case it shay not be a taw." This language is plain, explicit tad emphatic;should, of course, be held rttpOBMiik for the conduct and character of the men to whom ttwi entHBttheadmiuBtrationofafltirs. ^him.Our Baltimore and Washington correspond- ents concur in stating that the dissensions whichAt the Sessions in May there were teventy-tix convictions. Forty-two of the parties were sent te the State prison, twenty-three to the Penitentiary, four to the House of Refuge, fireWe are gratified to say tint in almost every respect the reception was a grand affair, and one worthy the occasion and of the city. No more remarkable scene has been presented toThe prime difficulty in our city government h-alv^betntoatiB business^is^trumslvindicated during the period covered by these statistics.Committee. The capitulation stipulates that the New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, IndianaNeapolitan army, 15,000 strong, shall quit PalermoWith all the honors of war, and embark with their and Illinois. The running of two democratic C a p i t u l a t i o n o f G e n e r a l L a m a a t P a - materiel on beard the Neapolitan squadron. There tickets in the South would give to Bell, by lermo.Were rumors that the King had refused to ratify the plurality, the electoral votes of Maryland, We have received by the steamship Ham- capitulation, and that the fighting had recom- Kentucky, Tennessee, North Carolina, Georgia, monia at this port and the Bohemian at menced, but they proved to be unfounded. and probably Virginia. Houston would carry Farther Point, toe details of the fall ofcisive. A capitulation had been signed between will give to Lincoln, besides the acknowledged General Lanza and Garibaldi and the Revotationary black republican States, the doubtful ones ofLetters from Naples state that a grand Texas, and a Southern sectional candidate might manifestation hadtakenplace there, during which possibly receive a majority in South Carolina, shouts for "Emanuel." "Garibaldi" and "Sicily" Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana and were freely given. It was thought the Great East- Arkansas. This leaves, as a matter for conten-Palermo and the capitulation of the gov- ernment troops. The manner in which the assault was conducted proves that Garibaldi possesses higher military qualities than those of a mere guerilla leader. Considering the im- mense difficulties he had to deal with, the dis- parity of his force as compared with the army under Lanza, which amounted to about 25,000 men, and his deficiencies in artillery and bat- tering trains, the capture of Palermo may bedition, the sayings and doings of the strange the laws passed during the two years of without any regard to political differences, thepeople who have made so much of them, must his administration, we do not find a Mayor and Aldermen can do much towardspresent an inexplicable mystery. This inter- single one bearing date of approval subsequent procuring an honest and economical city go-ern would sail on the 23d hut., but no day had been absolutelyfixedupon. Lord Palmerston had granted a steamship for the purpose of making asurrey and soundings for the proposed line of tele-graph from England to America via the FaroeIslands, Iceland and Greenland. The Liverpool which the cliques are keeping up between cotton market showed a declining tendency, and themselves. They look at everything with pas-change of relations between nations so widely differing from each other in almost every re- spect is indeed a curious spectacle. It has, however, a deeper significance than may be ap- parent at first sight All these shows and parades mean something.When the cannon from the Battery opened their rude throats to shout an iron welcome toto tiie day of the adjournment of the Legisla- vernment ; and more than this, they may place ture. Perhaps the archives of the executive the affairs of the metropolis upon such a foot- chamber contain evidences sustaining the ex- ing before the election of the next Legislature cesses of the present Executive. We have been as will insure the selection of a legislative at some pains in making inquiry, and we learn ! body at Albany who may be able and willing that Governor Morgan signed several bills after o restore to the municipal government all ton the adjournment of the last Infamous Legisla- rights, privileges and authority of which it hat ture. There were some ten or a dosen of them. been so scandalously robbed by the last andTheir "approval" is dated generally on the previous Legislatures. "27th of April," so as to come within ten daysattentionfromthe public. It may bo interesting to stituents in sending them back to Bal- oar readers to learn that it ia now stated by pai ties timore, instead of supporting the Rich- who are supposed to be well informed on the mat- mond idea, is a rejection of their sectional- ter, that his destination is one of the Bay islands ism. The delegates from the acknowledged which, hare been recently re-ceded by Englandcountry around Palermo of the adherents of the government. General Lanza, as was previously mentioned, had concentrated his troops 'in a position which enabled him at once to cover the city on the side of the regular approaches from the interior, and to bring his entire force into action when the occasion pre- sented itself. Had any other leader titan Garibaldi been opposed to him, it is probable that the dispositions he had made would have proved sufficient for the defence ofOld World, for this is §not only thefirstJapa- nese mission, but it is thefirstimportant Em-tion between four Presidential candidates, the States of Missouri, California and Oregon.Here we have the matter in a nutshell, and it shows how utterly absurd are the quarrelsprice* were barely maintained. sion, and their judgments are blinded even to regarded as one of the boldest and most dashing the Japanese, a million of people respondedIt was mentioned some time since by telegraph the immediate circumstances of their own achievements recorded In the annals of warfare. most heartily to the salutation, which expressed that General Walker, with a party of officers, hadleft New Orleans in a sailing vessel for some point position. The extreme Southern men will The tacts, as they reach us through official at once our pride at the magnificence of ourin Central America, but the met elicited very little not see that the action of their con- sources, may be thus briefly stated. By the city, and our gratification that it should be thus20th of May Garibaldi had entirely swept the honored over and above the great cities of theTHE REPCBUCAK PARTY ON THE SCKDAT LAW.— that toe ten days' grace was allowed him, We see that the warfare against the republican whether the Legislature were in session or not party, on account of its pet measure, the Sun-The bill purporting to "prevent encroachments day law, is maintained with rigor by the Ger- in the harbor of New York," though signed, as man journals, and that the republican papers, inblack republican States will not recognise the (bet that, if they drive off the South, and thus lose the piestige of their national character, they never can hope to obtain a majority inbassy from the far Orient ever sent freely to a appears, on April 27, was not permitted to be their endeavor to worry themselves out of themixed race, the Indian and West India negro pre- hope lies in the nomination of a national candi-ponderating. The probability ia that Walker ex- date, and hence their readiness to bargain withpects to create some kind of a government organi- the extremes, and to cheat them all if they the city. It is the misfortune of military tacti- sation there, and thus obtain a foothold for himself think the winning chance lies elsewhere. The cians, however, that when they have to deal somewhere in the Central American region, with aview to future action.belief that he had the power to keep bills underafter the adjournment of toe Legislature. start The men who formed the republicanIn the HKRALD of Sunday we published a synop- sis of the majority report of the Covode Investi- gating Committee, submitted by Mr. Train, of Mas- sachusetts. This morning we give a summary oftempt of the latter for the theories and tradi-tions of the military schools and the pedantriesof the camp. They prefer rather to be beatenon strictly correct principles than to guardagainst the irregular modes of warfare prac-the minority report of Gov. Winslow, which is tobe submitted to the House to-day. The report ofGov. Winslow shows up the objects and intents ofthe majority of the committee, which, it states, sighted political office hunters who have suc- were not to ascertain the troth, but a mere trick ceeded in obtaining control of the Convention and contrivance to obtain evidence to be and forthe impression that another bill, less 'objection- zen of his right to enjoy his leisure hours iaable with regard to trustees, executors, Ac., such manner as he may think best, providedmight be passed by the 1st of April next, he respects the public peace and when the bill in the Governor's hands was to respects the rights of his neighbors. Publicbecome effectual, so that no material injury opinion on this matter is liberal enough, andpartisan purposes. ,AdvicesfromArisona Territory, received at Stby a vicious system of party organization. There is not a single element of popular freedom in the present mode of party construction. A few office holders or officewhen the facts come to be investigated, that it selves especially to the attention of our guests. was to this depreciation of the military genius They will notice as well the great diversity of of the revolutionary chief that the prompt fall religious opinion which prevails among us. TheyLouw, state that the Indian depredations still con-tinued near Tncaon sad Los Gongoes, and that seve-ral live* had already been lost. The prospect of seekers, in the guise of a General Committee,would result to the gentleman bankrupts. Let public opinion is decidedly against the action of the city was mainly owing. How else are we to willfindhere representatives of all the different honest debt paying people ponder upon this of the republican party in the matter of the account for the fact of 25,000 disciplined troops, sects of Christians which sprung up in Asia Mi- fact There is nothing in the constitution au- Sunday law. But the last Legislature paid noan abundant harvest in tile Territory was very good.A terrific hail storm passed over Albany yester- day afternoon, lasting half anliour, by which great damage was done to property in all parts of the city.call for primary party elections, and appointunder an experienced general, being so imme- diately and thoroughly whipped by a forceThe doings of the Japanese yesterday, with a mittee, in conformity to the arrangement thisvery Interesting sketch of "Tommy/' the speci-men of Young Jspaa, are given In our paper thismorning. The official reception Of the Embassy bythe Mayor and Common Council wfll take place at on packing, according to the will of thethe City Hall at half-past one o'clock this after- noon.managers, until the last point of a national convention, like that at Baltimore, has been reached. While the system was new and its details were unknown to the public, it worked well enough, but now these have become too transparent to command the public confidenceinto this part of the city than the people rose the nation, its vast commerce and material pro- Gov. Morgan May 3,1860.en masse and attacked the troops with whatever gress, is in a great degree due. Thus tthe ef- Amending the act for toe incorporation of theweapons they could lay their hands upon, and fect of their visit cannot fail to have a most im- Association for the Improvement of the Breed ofin two or three hours the whole of Palermo was portant bearing on the social and political condi- Horses. Signed April 27. ,in the hands of the insurgents, with the excep- tion of Japan, while it gives us a proper recog- To prevent encroachments and obstructions occasionally In pretty sharp criticisms uponThe overland mail coach, with San Franciscodates to the SSth of May, arrived at Springfield,Mo., last evening. Incessant rains had prevailedat San Francisco, and bat little business had beentransacted. From Carson Valley we learn that any longer, and the only hope of success that about 5,000 Indians were in the vicinity of Pyramidinterest at the polls next November.fact is, sectionalism can never prevail in this with self-educated warriors like the hero ofhigher class. The Governor was urged by Mr.Speaker Littlejohn to sign it; but it was keptin abeyance until near the middle of May,when the Albany Journal made the semi-of-ficial announcement that Governor Morgan hadfinally decided to withhold his signature, underThey belong to the order of the person who wrote to the Post Office Department to request that his letters might "lay over" on the Sab- bath. They have not only attempted to stop Sunday travelling, bnt they have always beet in fovor of laws which tend to deprive the citi-country, either North or South, if the national sentiment ia left free to combat it; and the only danger the country now incurs is the triumph of the Northern abolitionists through the divi- sion of their opponents.Varese, they do not take into account the con-This is the work that is now being performed for them by a set of greedy, selfish and short-tised by leaders who have not graduated inmilitary science. It will probably be found, ever seen. These facts will recommend them-opened in some low groggery, and surrounded by a few hired bullies and shoulder-hitters, and after a few hours the inspectors make their official returns to the General Com-ceeded five thousand men. action of the founders of our government has until the next succeeding 1st day of January fourths republican, and the most corrupt on re- Garibaldi profited by the advantage which prevented any evil results from arising out of with the same propriety. It Is well that the cord. It is possible that some of the pious lead- his opponents strict adherence to precedent this conflict of theories; that religion with us is, Supreme Court has set the matter right We ers of the party may have frightened the mem-afforded him. At four o'clock he made as it appears to be with them, asocial and fami- shall not take the pains to make any further bers into something like a twinge of conscience, a sudden attack on the north side of ly matter; and that no particular creed or sect examination than to allude to those of the last and that they thought by enacting a Sunday the town from the suburb called Pepe- has official recognition here. They must per- Legislature coming under toe decision of the law, to get absolution for their sins. Instead,ceive that to this perfect freedom of opinion, however, of doing penance in their own proper rito, which being next the sea, and cover- this careful limitation of the powers of the go- Supreme Court:—ed, as it was supposed, by the government ves- persons, they laid the lash on the backs of thesels in the harbor, had been left comparatively vernment, this jealous shielding of the natural To authorize the purchase of flour and meal working classes in the metropolis. They may unprotected. No sooner did he force his way rights of the individual, the great prosperity of inspected by Pearsall's patent tube. Signed by rest assured that they will be paid back Vtttbody had already prepared. Thus, a ward or county convention is packed, which goesthe politicians who compose them can entertain lies in the merit of the candidates they nomi- nate. The gradual decline in the moral stan-nition as the Power which will yet be, if it is in the harbor of New York, and authorizing occurrences in the model republic. It i* tion of the citadel, into which the government not now, freely acknowledged as commercially their removal, and to correct the Harbor Com- only occasionally, however, that they arestartled by them.In the Court of Sessions, before Judge Rus-)sell, there were, in January last, forty convic-erne house or toe of the IsgBUUin.,[;•HNEW TOKK HERALD, MONDAY, ^ P l t t M, 1B60.go to establish a creditable degree of energy carry with hhn bis war materiel, and no men- andtealonthepartof thosewhoareentrusted tion is made of a stipulation thatthetroopsor the other must have suffered.ever,weheretheJapanesetothe next week or tore, end by the time they Governor, are net allowed to be plneafi have departed the Great Eastern will be float-ing in the waters of the bay, the cynosure ofall eyes, metropolitan and provincial. Theprobability is thai the monster ship will re-main with us a month or two. That, however,depends upon the amount of entijuaiasm shemay create. The Prince of Wales Is to leaveEngland for Canada about the middle of July,and, at of course he will travel over bis royalmother* dominions pretty thoroughly beforeLake, and 600 Indians and KM UnitedStates troops bad gone to attack themla front and roar. The rumors of Indiandisturbances on Butter creek B confirmed, and dard of the representative men in conventionthe Indiana in that neighborhood seem determined that has followed the increased confidenceon hostilities. The station of the Pony Express at which politicians have acquired In managing subsequently take the step which, so far as Japanese Princes. Let us send them away from the Erie canal. Signed April 20. This claim ever, Is not the case with the editors of the Man- Simpson Park had boss burned down, supposed to the public has led the shoulder-hitters to claim Sicily Is concerned, virtually terminates this the Empire City with the confirmation of their has already been referred to a committee of the chester Timer, who display, in the sub-havebeensetfirstoby(hoIndiana. # the position of Councilmen, bullies to insist contest Be that as it may, the Neapolitan preconceivedand most correctidea,thatNew CanalBoard,asweunderstand. joined paragraphs, a degree of acquain-Our special despatch front Baltimore this morn- upon seats in Congress, and pothouse politicians commanders, with the savage ferocity which York is America. .„ing, furnishes as with the rumors, gossip, Ac, as and ahrewd intriguers to aspire to the Presi-to u» coarse of Democratic Coaveunou which a t e dency. This infamous system of party organi has distinguished them all through the insurrec- THE PROGRAMME or Soman SENSATIONSFor the relief of Win. Johnson. Signed April tance with political movements which20. This is also a canal claim. could have only been obtained by elaboratela that city to-day.nation is approaching IB end. The result is tion, continued to bombard the city during thehastened by the quarrels of the cliques, and if whole of Sunday, and they killed a great num- they persist therein at Baltimore, and do not ber of the inhabitants, besides destroying manyupon a national man, in whom; the people houses and public buildings. On the followingTo establish the grade of Flatbush avenue, research and intense application. In the sum- The opening scene in the drama of metropoli- in the city of Brooklyn. Ac. Signed April 19. mary of newt from the, United States the read-system, to be covered by the country with a complete and permanent forgetiillness.—"'J "HP -stormed the citadel. We have no particulars of the assault, but it must have been attended with heavy loss, as it was stronglyfortifiedend well provided with ammunition and provisions.. General Lanza must, however, have become aware that his men were not to be relied upon,enthusiasm, has never been equalled In New York.; For the relief of Anna C. Staonard. Signed would prove too crowded, and that the rapid April 19. This is a land claim.Great enthusiasm prevailed. Mr. SewmrS and oeter- mined noon daring nw Senatorial c f g . . . _CantK K NxwYonx.—It is a common complaintthat in this great metropolitan dtv of ours a*"*aaB«n*«f « * B O goes unpunished. There 'for after n few noun siege he made up hissuccession of groat sights would spell the in-terest in some of them, and damp the ardor ofthepopulace;but,byaluckycircumstance,it nor'sapprovalsubsequenttothatperiodareren-,uno.It would be difficult to see how a greaterhas put up Mr. Hamlin and "Mr. Maine." and lastly, that the '•Chinese'' Embassy had arrivedtheir offences.occasional perversions of justice, the records of ourcrimmal courts during the present year wouldHad the GreatAnd yet, notwithstanding theseUntitled DocumentIn one despatch it is stated thatwww.fultonhistory.com•tsatii presented by our great avenue, the su- perb military display, the immense masses of people who filled Broadway and the adjacent streets, were fully described in our ample"If any bill shall not be returned to the Legisla- highest branch of the legislativertnBSitojBltf ture by the Governor within ton days (Sundays the muntoioalitv can. if thev choose DrovUa •* excepted) after it shall nave been presented to with proper officers It dBOtBtge ttopuMfefiphim, the tame shall be t law, in like manner t t ties, and with this power la their hands theynevertheless, Governor Clark signed themarked the Convention at Charleston, are to be to the City prison, and fines were imposed on the civilized world than that which New Tort: Metropolitan Gas bill several days after the to a set of small politicians, and that the greedrenewed at Baltimore. Resolutions aiming at •i men and not at principles are to be introduced three.of'office and the intrigues of party hart hat; The above shows an aggregate of about hat existed in a compact form during more than its return" to the Legislature, bringing it clearly more weight in regulating the appointing power |gains and new treacheries are to be combined, during the first five months of the present pave the way for relations of amity and com-within the provision that "it shall not be a than any oonrideration of the efficiency of the law." The Court have unquestionably rendered appointees or toe public welfare. Tne Mayor *year. Besidesthesethere were,attheSpecial merce between the old East and the newacorrect decision,whichwill be sustainedby the Appeals bench, should Messrs. Bo wen & Co. send the case up to that tribunal.In signing this, as weU at other bills, Gover-andAldermen, it tppears now beyond quet- a tion, can give us a good staff of officials if they art so disposed, by removing all incompetent or dishonest persons; and If that power be ex- ercised judiciously, and with a view to toe pub-Triumph of the Sicilian Insurrection-witnessed on Saturday. Japan, a nation which adjournment, which adjournment "preventedWest. This Embassy comes from vet-T h e 1 * w i . BytheateamshipsHammoniaatthisport,andPresidentialelectionfatNovember,aswillbetheabovetermof5,788.JudgingfromtheseveranceanddiplomaticskillofaNewYorkdents.OtherExecutivesprecedinghimhavecourtshaveconfirmedtheminit;butif,onthethe Bohemian at Farther Polat, we hare four day* clear to every man who has watched the varia- facts, we are led to the gratifying conclusion merchant—one of the few happy selections for done the tame thing. We know that toe pre- contrary, it should be exercised for mere partylater intelligence from Europe. The success of tions of the popular majorities during the last that, notwithstanding occasional failures of Garibaldi at Palermo u said to be complete and de- twelve years. A split in the democratic party justice, the law has been, on the whole, fairlydiplomatic honors that our government has ever made—the imperial government of Japan has been induced to send its first mission to us, ignoring, for the time being, the European Powers, andjmagnifying the commercial import- ance of the United States to a very great extent. To us the manners and customs of the Japa- nese are as a leaf from an Oriental book; while to them the habits, the speech, the social con-sent Executive hat signed bills, in numerous purposes, to exalt one clique at the expense of instances, several days subsequent to the ad- another, or for toe removal of competent and journment of the Legislature. His excuse for faithful men through any mean partisan mo- doing to was based upon precedent, justi- tives, no good whatever can come oat of it fying himself by stating, through his By removing all the rotten sheep from the mu- private secretary, that ex-Governor Sey- nicipal fold, and by remitting hi office thosemour had exercised toe same right who are faithful to their trusts and qualified for Now we are not the apologist for any their positions each, for example, as the pre- of Seymour's official acta, but in searching sent City Inspector and Street Commissioner—nor—the Jew and the Gentile alike free to wor-thorizing such conduct If a Governor does tort of respectjto public opinion upon this or ship in such form and manner as may seem to not sign a bill, and can keep it in his pigeon any other subject, as our readers are very well theirowninspectorsthereto.Thepollsarewhichthereisreasontobelieveatnotimeex-himbest.Theywillperceive,too,thatthewiseholesforoneortendays,hecanholdontoitaware.TheLegislatureof1860wasthree-troops retired. It is said that during the con- thefirstin the world. missioners' lines. Signed April 27. sufficiently informed as to the foots uponflict three regiments went over to the liberals, It is eminently fitting, therefore, that we To provide for toe payment of work done andand it may have been the fear of a more gene- which they comment tt to justify the tt* ral defection that Induced General Lanza to should all unite to pay due hospitalities to the materials furnished on and for certain parts of tires which they level tt us. Such, how-mind to capitulate, and the articles were arranged terns oat that the programme as arranged isnumber of blunders could be packed into the space occupied by the above. P i n t we are told that Bell and Everett have both been notoinated for the "Presidency.'' Them that the Chicago republicans have nominated Mr. The practice of withholding laws on the con- Lincoln. Thirdly, that the DlinoB Conventionon board her Britannic Majesty's ship Hannibal,and the whole force embarked.doubt as to toe precise character of the termsabout as perfect as the best friends of thedered nugatory, ineffectual and void, so long as tor recent decision of toe Supreme Court shall stand as the judgment of that tribunal;There is tomeMew Yorkers could desire.Eastern sailed on her appointed day she wouldhave been here at the same time as the fines of the executive department for several Japanese, and the interest in either one event days after the adjournment of toe Legislature,nor Clark no doubt followed various prece- lic good, we will have reason to rejoice that theafter the adjournment, his Excellency supposingThe republican journals cannot deny that the advisement for an indefinite period of time argument is against their assumption from theAmong others thus under consideration was theparty came from a pious clique in this country,passed far beyond that, and are trying the ex-periment of free institutions, perfect equality Bankrupt bill, gotten up expressely to wipe who have been for the last forty years endea-before the law between man and man, the abo- lition of all hereditary distinctions, and self- government in its most active sense. The sys- tem has never before been tried upon a grand scale; and while it has its imperfections, like all other human inventions, we have managed under it to present .to the world the most won- derful example of national progress that it hasout the indebtedness of bankrupts of the voring to legalize their peculiar religious views.tan summer sensations was enacted "on Saturday In relation to toe Colonial History. Signed ers of the Times are told thatwith an eclat and a brilliancy which equalled April 19. This act provides for distributing the Tbe HaKimor* Union Convention had _the highest expectations. The curtain rose work to toe very deterring members of the last and Everett aseaatMatw tat the l ^ * » g : » ? *+ pobUoaM Bff Chlcaio had ooaiisntnl Mr. Ltaeota * * » > • -day Garibaldi, with the aid of a park of artille-grave and leaped into it with their iniquitous ry, which he had succeeded in capturing, presented n spectacle which, for novelty and the University will please, therefore, suspend Bnmlinaa ft*«deni,aiidMr. M a # * J * TM * * * " " " ^lOntdence, they will hare dug their ownupon the trim of the Japanese Embassy, and Legislature. The Secretary to toe Regents of Miencv. the niinois Oonreotioo bad nominated Mr.It was thought that the sensation programmecivil display, eeemiBf $»a*lr , ^«**^- ^ ^ view viuitae Presidaat was te late place on tne attitsending forth any more of those volumes until further orders.The Ouneae Embassy arrived at Wasnlngm on tasThe Legislature adjourned on the 17th of April, consequently all laws bearing the Gover-principle that the Mayor have conjointly foilof AMer-IMPORTANT NEWS FEOM THE UNITED STATES VIA ENGLAND.—OUT British cousins indulgeUib nit., and were received with great mflUa*r|aM d agreed upon.the government commander was allowed toThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 