 i.Mjiin iionr-TOBKm«<a^^«^>;;?^S[ to tlM ISth Inat. Business of all kinds in Havana remains withont improvement. To afford relief, GovemBent has authorized the bank to issue in foar millions of dollars, of which two mil- lions will be tiirown into immediate circulatioa. for a cruise, but the report was current that their des-meet theby the State of Texas.ofcoarerglBg the road diarteredTn Vaw.BaaL4av VaanvAL.—Hsaar Bbbobb deliven lbs OiaUea before the Hew-KMB. R0AT. onvmf,IWlnBpiBlB.._^ Btnutia, fiMk Baaobarg and iBiaMer.BadtheOoBstitatlon h» haa awon««iiemtoraadMrBaW,*If vgim. to eomriettoB,'' &c •amai'iAfHii toopiMTnuDouAU; «T»i*^2^AMoHsaaa'CWVmnMXS FOB CAUfOM"* "'""TTTtmi,,.day.dispositionNoofficial statementhasyetappearedof oftheeonntxy. Forverytnanyobviousrea- Connaught—togobackalittleforther—under thiaewithtbefugltlvealav«Asiis^sw,<of^«rtU«««iUM•^ nre.Itaffo -da the plosion, of which, under Ugher preasnte, this strongest posdble pledgetWKtotwiOftWXBW-The TtaiM ftr OalMnrala*1 -irrtkabe authorized to employ 1,000. laborers to nade the matter we -have seen. It is interesting, vantages which would result from the con- fearful warnings should be instanQy ItOeded. Hint 'iiii-rit'ifT- "* If fiifaamiir;end^tch'attheaainetiMehour todefendilM(mb'Uc againistadestrcvyerKXW BOWEBT THEATBK—HilBi «» Hmrn»— nies 2 and 6 wereordered,exceeding of HabbtHowaxb atvillecouldask but ;for the middle and South- to total destruction. Simple in boU- mptoresRiauASs m. OK HouxBACK—Bau n thi Wui.also a a cost of $600.South Carollaa, and less unfavorably inclined to- wards her contemplated measure of secession thantt.jB»kitj—ee-t.IdersoflowaaadlOssoari,^ taw Mhbmb- kaTe 4ieir palpaUe miatakes in mattm Of ma^ M HsM n„»tIkaOttraojr firaU oa the putvergingbut be- sonri River, aadtiHnoe vii 8aH the leaalt Bat it is not so,—nor do we aeaUiwslamtiii^Mrilii«T»«ni>nWTi«-"*" feCiniA«i»'»oCpetiU11A.M.'-—— tlw antral Byof theAMoOnrWandag—DiaastentoSteaawn. The baraiag of the John P. King, at herwith apassengers; flweomparativaly harmlws mp-WSJ'ptditicaldiscussions of the of theRepoblioaosN«w-Tork Society havsaaOntioB, taa tt^r 'propertinuing certain relations with the "foreign" Gov-ernment of the United States, while others wereopposed to any such arrangement, and for strildng was good, and prices favored sellers, decidedly. out at once into the labyrinths of separate sov-ingdeath and destruction ripeningThese matters will probably be discussed by tie Convention to-day.9b. Uncoln on the Crisis.ereignty.A fair inquiry prevailed for New Orleans Molasses, Cuba Sugars, Hay and Whisky. Hides, Leather and Teas were dull. Freights were de-was an exciting day In Washington,especially after the reception of the news of the pressed and rates declined. passage of the ordinance of secession by the SouthCarolina Convention. An official dispatch an-nouncing the action of the Convention was re-cerred by President Buchasas wiiile a number ofof others for longTdus were put to press tltat the dancers thought OfwtiiiismYesterdayrely implicitiyreportsCongreesional proceedings, yesterday,were im-that for weeks before the elcctioii, he has bjenSouthern members, v»a» laid over under the rule.A was made from the reportAt any time previous totndli watshestated by hofmfii.c'et.hatN&oeyexcaomuilndait>ieosn of at aay Ume »t Mayor'sthecontractsweremade.Judiciary Committee on tne Watrous impeachment case, considerationassurances of a more posftlve and peremptory character. Atallevents,theyhavegonefor- ward with all the confidence which his actualnolongerthatdeadmonotonyofDisunionism hismannerandlanguagethathewouldprefertoseewhichmarkedtheearlier ofthemove- thebanteringtoneabandoned." stagesS,A resolution was adopted calling upon the Cornora-ofwhichwas until postponedThe— the AhiKXEEiBTuroBdiiitismhcs. Duringnext. House then, in Committee of the Whole, took urf the bill granting lands to Nebraska for railroads.tro^.blijs ic the yBtt«dreportproceedings,LS, which arecase most be the same.anticipated being The greatest cniae that can befall a nation is-he would go the death fortwelve boxes of sugar came m. She was signaled try,orthe V. 8. Navy; M. de Lleriel aad Miss d«Thursdayment 'Very able men in nearly aU the StatesCounsel for Information as to the <h tbe powersto the policy of the Presidentsecession,to, a shot was fired from the fortsupposedhave said this if he hadcompelled to fight for them. Ifhecontem-Spair,Couneilmen ;Lierrel, of Fraace, are at the St Nicholas Hotel.W. BlUings, Kngla»i,$4,000portraitern Slave States, there would be noare osa-terdayeachers do not often end the matter.aUy but the first phase of what appears to usHer advicaa have been ThemaflsbytheiteaiBshlpIMUmuM, anmnuitionofthefollow the oon- itwinnotbe£ram.^Ib apeae.Dec. •, arrived late hat night:inataatfy treaaoa.(ge«H)Iftaee aad honor c< the eoantiy, ttreaappottafThe steamaliip Kei*r, to sail to-day for Uver-the peo{Ae,lackthewillorthepowertoexecntesimple attwopointsGramthewesternhordonoTAik-aadtheCoiistitwiM,..hnn;^;^^J^,paperThe Spanish fleet had left Havanadirection to theand the Conservatives of tare of the Commotiu'eaUh's steam-cUmney, Thethe Sonth. It is the best sort of a Union meas- under low steam and firea, rather than aa ax- dine together at tlIaw«it brought over 100,000 in qtecie. The health of Havana was good, and the weather was very fine.;The Board of Aldermen last evening tranferreddifierence betweenthe Ashbuiton Mr. treaty, fcrUUlBg;fairness them to travelportiteamshipanaaawadLouisiana, bytwoUaesIMO^ OneVB.kAKMCira KUBKtHf—IftcrMM and BTaBiBa->lA COBConAB, of the Sixty-ninth Begiment, charged and commendable pride, he is said to have fromiset six orBO'VKBS' THEATBX—SrAumJlM-AancOanaaM. withdisobedienceofordersinof the reception of the Prince of Wales, com- of the Union, intact to hia successor in ^fice, Mr.andHBEiniTH BiBD, late President of the Wid^- this City, is to be the 'fjntiat HrMesraCThe trial, by Court-martial, of Col. Miohablwas the Secretary of State;butas a matter ofjustreciprocity,in-compelling—J.Awakes UtheMlUtUofthaState,laplace ofttamHm.Tmm:or Ic^-Weai laBOOLXT ft OAXPBXLLV, RM*^ Baliwui HaHtUM mand tlie parade of his Begiment on the occasion detiverths South Carolina, as well as otksr fortificationsofOAVnOtBUBT MUSIC EALIi-SOHOt aa> DaMM BT A TAunis CollPA«T.nntRTTR OF FDTB ABT8, Wo. 69S Bnatev—DVS- 4H»eaT fiAiAaar—JAaraa' Couxonoa.aCHA'VS' «AiXKBT, Ho. O* BroWwa^Tn "CIS- Maaiii" PUrnaa.Col. Cobooban a in presented pleaaof and in the present matter expediaacy propriety,and the sudden and destructive im- pact and shock of the newly-generated power.refusingmenced at the Division Armory, in White-street,Texas, Louisianawavering in their allegiance to the Union.FiniaOswsoe, Thnrsday, Bee. tt.The Fourth Ward Pnblic SefaoOI wis bnfldfaigyesterday.bar, one witness was examined, and the Court ad- journed to Jan. 3 next.They are calculating its value their ;peoplepressure,CAKAlrantKIT^-tfo. SK-WMOMOl't FUI SiUlST The particulars of the seizure were detailed, and State, would virtaally be treacherii on the fart of ths8i. Loms, Thursday, Dee. tt.A hostile meeting iMStween E. B. SATZiaaad. Gen. Faosi took plaoe tUs moraiag.'aear ths aasth-mOmrumivm.NEWS OF THE DAY.the case wae adjourned to Saturday. Gtnsral Govemmtnt.The inquest in the case of James Mtbbs, whose The President naturally desires to avoid, if possible,ftoatiar, so that if the above-named States harmlegs rupture.were out of the Union, they would be forever HeM/then, in this defectivebuUer-plate,claiea that the oidinance adopted by the State, inCooTentlon, on the SSd <rfMay, 1788, whereby the other prisonere. The most of the day-wras occu-Coaatitation of the Uaited States was ratified, and pied by the trial of Mabt PABXLBB, in- such as he as sui&clent, that South Carolina'wlllBut an hourIts cohesion andpaishment, and the members of the Convention HocKMKiTKB Was HooiBOOlctCHABUBin the country, Is decidedly of opinion nately the Sonthem Bead will pass through deadened fires. The life of ruptured boiler-" City Wlde-Awakea," last daaasd tm evenii«, talrlyjoy at the RepohUcaa vidtery. It wasthetotp^l^diseoasion took place as to the immediate effect byonthecollectionofrevenueatCharlestonbytheFed- causedtheStockExchangetoadvancefromoneof this action on business and other relationseral authorities;under theirauspicesTerpsichore rather than byter, etc.; but no definite idea seemed to be enter- added to the day,of the War the extension of the institution in vot- Department aidingstolen goods, and several pleas were taken fromth« rupturinganotheroimce rivedhenatIIo'dsckthisKnickerbocker Life Insurance Company, upoa aof secession cannot, without some overt act, bring^they could, the tide had tamed—betwee^ South Carolina and the other States, un- policy of insurance on her late husband's life, the on a coltislQncertainly not immediately."thought of all Northern men. It is a measure iron fibresiprisoner,mortallyLiiwoufselectiaBtkat;on the distribution of mail mat- to three per cent, in the forenoon, and the arrivalof the Persia with $3,000,000 in gold later in theenginery wotild have expired with a blaze andThe political dispatches in yesterday's papers•» y<ii>>lwfc «m«, JcJNl, Icccii^ •*> ii<^thigjftfaniijtaf intiiaii^tt if •TBTMbitoitt «rln>to add aiatwesM««7lUtte OapL yMg|«0HkaMta9^HM!Bf|iMirtr<?>i*^»'''^*anaIhefcoUdii^-^tte f^&jBaaaUucMonoftworaUhmwriaa<^»afhafhdiiv— -.- <>-.- betrtirVi*riH^Tiaa»tAh*««sehoMBt6ad- »NortkenandmSFthe Aimmnl««aM»dt»mm»»at thisQuMker Ciiw, we receive intelligence from Havana joatioe on a Ugh o&nder. We warn the untilPresident that the surrender of those Forts to a State in rebellion, will gire an entirely newtheyThe bill waa paased by the oombined votesdoeiE, rather thaa ataea,coaaptoiBeatofWa^nomlaallfTh* tination was Vera Cruz. The flitaktr Cily has Gen. Cass aad the Pieaideafs Poller of thatocom- himselfandtohavepUdgedthsGovfrnmentthathevtilteightpointimmediatelywestofthem. triplephenomenon explosionof tha market at thetained by any one bb to what was necessary or Second Board. At the very close. New-York Cen- concurs in the necessity and propriety of ing for the Southern Pacific Railroad.Cass, disapproving of secession, as a right as well asof water too hot to remain as water at thatOnrega*of South Carolina, maintains that the Oov- erament would be derelict In duty If it were to leavepositionwill not fail to perceive that their onlyhopedestroyedby fire lastTlie in was oeeadsat#In the new sheIntendstoassume. liehasreceivedassurances,—to tlteheavyrain-storm. The moialng.and as indispensableto hersafety.positionovringbecomes a matter of will hurl the fabric, crashing and s^intered, all ieto and parte of acts passed by the Legisla- In the action tried before Justice WooDBurr, in do nothing to psecipttate a collision with the Geae- first-rate importance in the present disaffect- into the wintry air—bat the Aimaces tststitutipn, are repealed, and that union subsistingwidow of £. H. Howell, deceased, against the present Administration. The simple declaratory actof policy simply, it is worthy of the matnrestdicted fer grand larceny. The jury disagreed. regardseonstruction, therefore,——der the name of the United .States of America, is Jury were unable to agree. It will be remembered If these statements are reliable, they leave of conciliation which calls for no sacrifice of hold on no longer—and the relaxed and dis-that the defence was that Howkll committed sui-at an end. The ordinance was enj^rossed on cide, which absolved the Company from liability. Mr. BucBAKAH in a-much worse position tlian principle, and may be voted for by men of all solving partiales ripped like paper at last, un-ataitlng firom5^««*t^h»isWbesUimils»»tortlsck.tvopoivtf Mthfatoa mitoawwA weshooUhave fearofLettta* 4eaU faeMent, ari.iAtfn dt 1st «MTCii,M.)Siini at thU fat yeiterday. SkaW«<nL will take a mail. Letters ean be posted at eaoae their BepresentatiTea at Washington Lake to Saa Franciaeo ;—the latter ataitiag aiij hamnillatr piespect of flieir beoeodag M. Hlteaa he is feilhfal to the iateraaU aad waiaato aupport, doea notToms tniM, M«w-Toik «*. offered a resolution that the Street Commissioner Courier, gives the mo^t detailed account of each section, but to preclude the sectional ad- vessel at hand to sare the victims ;—aU these appeal tteeaaefe Eaifaad, if neeei •'Hamiltoo-sqnaia, in view-of the stagnant conditionof buaiaess canaed byltbe politioal crisis. The iaiso, as giving the positions of Qen. Soon and structiOD of either one ^one. A central route, We had better not tempt Providence nhch: is jga Tw» «>« CiXWOBHU, dadlgaed for *«o- resolution laid over under the rule. The salary of SeAetary Flotb on the same sobject or one located a Utile north of the centre,aieiitfttflttftmttH rtlesis ef Aaisasia. is,,ai, to SpanlA Ai»«ilc«, OiilMta, Otiwa. •*»*- the Clerk of Wa^Atgtni IfoAtt w«0 Increued to"^li^^bftweantiui PrasldeotiMd ,t^ .8eera-L. th^ invrhieh th»IKMhen and Middte'Statesof the adult *irA>nKOlarmaHMMOMhipwUoknflsteA*- theBlind. TheopesruamtivoefslaatitutioB forle^xi;~ vailedwhiletheelectifla^aspiOgiiiilm ;f* fl,S(>0,aiidbfthaX^^salAry ofth».DMMy'lKrec*CinradssloneTwas W:thB^^a*m6tfofreiaftirtignrotteeieastagthegar- areInterested- Cletkto^fl««Ob. Sli»ofStateisondtTntoodtohavetafy rela^alxelaarely'•-"•'Cohi»iM»««Jaw"ftuitartcih»!»4«w»ttl>»iiwn<ti1Miiitt«>«frtto»diT»>»flt»» chief clerk in the same office, to $3,00% ciiy several oars, aad JU» •pioioa has bawoblaliked States. There will be tio great difiScuItiea -to ttB! long nin, ta tMttonal and ptetr strife.incteased to frS.Md per anntiilii ajid:^ of th<) at f 'aea. beea hilkls 'wbiikte of moat impMtaaee -to the Pacific stldtft nenaeea tta aatbfy ^ifta a» decidedly, in j1«o|l lA^ iMlfat^. S|MR bin"~ "~Tho sum of $600 waa apoopriated in aid aa to the propriety nr'aeeeul^iiB' a mliUaorpolat of encounter in tbework of reconciling the in- -caiw;-.'^j«*».lOJSpaTof tM |200eachbuilders of tlse the PrsiMeiiHal eleelton. Mnchi ;We have no doabt that at.the Common Council to rescind its action relative for an augmeatation of force; aadto giving the Supreme Courtrooms to the Superior In the Cabinet arose from the questionConrt, waa sent back to thewasof the Board. A re-vlsWfOf'Btrsagtltsiilagthe'comoaiMlatthefottIn tereats:ofthose whodemandanextreme JohnP. intendedtomake Kingapprc^ii- 1*^M.FriMoftkap««>.la»^otwnvVisolutionfromtheBoardofSupervisorsrequesting lagthegarriMHilaadequatataItf.deftehaece,hsfasked middleroute. Arouteevery provis- and,whateverits innnediate thefortieth causemighthavebeen,the wassuretoTlkelfailabMwatflMPaatriAee it atedforthc regularqite^tion. The officer in coniaiand at the fort, deem- who insist a ion £raflawattatUM.(Mi k'IMi oidars ai aady u poMlbla.tnMVm OABBIM—BnBAU m.reportersNorthern route, and those disagreement followingnpon against;Bf•VeMeatsof'fleMniteF*Sowat4. Bptvaio,ThuisJay,Pee.Mb'-"'CaUBA KXXMPB THEATBB—Tn teTiH6. The bill, as amended and paased, is for the imnfficient to rorlst any determlaed attack. Tut Stc-ButthegreatbodyoftheSouthernpeoplewithheld amount of secure any moneytoTnesdaymtQev.Medaii. ISAVsavom, K. T., Thursday, Dee.>> ' .-*Wui«Mt «ABP»—ttmUT.sumof$82,82373. Theresolutiongrantingper-retory of War, as wtU as Mr, Cass, comcidei with Gn. Scott's opiiuon—both being infiaenced in theirMAdJa(aat>OeMral M. T. 8. K. AuAST, Thwsdar. Dee. tt,A«Mto wlMcomplying parallel will not be too far north for St Lou-shiphomed, sooner or later, and no man canSenator BxwABO arrived here last Sar nightto WALLAOrS THKATBK-TtXASXt 0> NOIfO UlUT lay down branch tracks at various points on theof trade from thetheof their boilers,—but there was;'>Superyisorais, Cincinnati,Baltimore,''' i^tt' 'ofun- with his requlsltiOD. Gen. Sson, ahote a/mion it, o/benor too far teU what destruction of life another such risk repodlstes the telegraph and newspaper aasomptiaiacourt, profeisimal rmther tkah ftliticul, u itaifily m avenue was confirmed. The Board of Couneilmen faixir of the augmtntatim. There Is, at present, batdown in the Board of Aldermen, by a vote of 18 to cides, as any mlUtary man would decide, to be wkoUy of a^ City and Philadelphia.aflUs authority for a eoncurreace In the UinmittThe assessment list for Eighth- pavingpoint 200,. prseeettngftatAinBeted, little-te^krladhigsofthewholapeopleoftheseDaMad Sutee,KorthsadSouth,BastandWest.lineof the Federal Government to very rupture would have been the first step ak«at rort Hooline. render equal and exact justice to both sections the burning and tnmbUng to pieces of theThe Fagltlve' Slave Caae fa Ca TsHMne, TMnda^, Baa. MLtheof |14,&29 S8, to make up deficiencies in the ap- President and Gen. Cass. The following, only one road instead of two —but two are ness and thefrom the appropriation for Buss pavenient,'thesum'precise pointsthesons It would have been better to provide for circumstances of the most firigfatful careleaa-Daisat, «f ooilf who MidMiTMVd to pnwBt Us MMpcwIpropriation for election expenses ; also, $44> for from a letter in the Boston;neceaowy, sot tmly for the accommodationguilton partof her bnBders, atspeeches were Mslle agalast UsiMuHflaa krlclergymen, aad^tkeia. A reaebriiblank bocks and stationery. Alderman Fablvt Washingtaaof a time whenthere was, singularly enough!^'itttie WIde-Awaikes aC New-'Vork, led by thdr gallant Cut. Binioib The demand for Flour, Wheat, Com and Cotton head of the Cabinet, urges the duty of com- struction of two railroads to the Pacific at the beneath us ? Think of it travelers and legis- dashed boldly Uto the thickest of the dance mS stormed the hearts ofthe loveliest. The oalymmaMaladon. of in this the action of South Carolina. Gen. Cass,; the lost sightcoimection,that the con-Provisions, Fish, Hemp, Sice, Tobacco, Metals, Naval Stores, Coffee, Honey and Oils were veryplyingnot only essential to the maintenance of theinfluence upon the fijiancial and industrial in-rdandng-liaU weretbelair; ball-roooss ^whsa As a matter of course it is never quite safe all went merry as a marriage bell. It was not Huquiet.fortress, but as necessary to protect the Gen- terests of the country. BytendencyThe Treason Consnmmated.Our Washington Correspondent reports thatbased upon common sense i^nd reinforced by to labor on a grand scale, thousands ments, such reports are entitied to some de- —Yesterday morning btirglars visited tbe boose Ife.orders have been sent to Maj. Andersonfamilies, who now hang idlydwellingmoved to take up his resolution of in-quiryrelativetotheconditionofthefortificationsIn Charleaton Harbor, but the objection was made 4th of March, she would meet with and public duty. that it would lead to a long and exciting debate, no resistance,—adding, with a sigoifi-which was to be avoided at the present time. Dur- cance which is nowing the discussion, the question of the coercion of know what we Asa seceding State coming up, Mr. TsniBOU, of say."length, regretting its difficulty, but adding that AmHampsbiie,lUiiiois, said he did not know of anybody whoSouth Carolina would secede before themindwas madeas to how it should be overcome.tember \aaithree hundred-were collect- acting under Mr. Bcchanah's orders, should beare so Mayor Woos was summoned by the Comialttee, vaguehad idea that the Government intended to de- ed here for the purpose of being sent to sacrificed In its defence. Upon whose headany — cUre war against a State, or to coerce a State ;the GoreimneDt, however, has^power to coerceor puaish iodividuala. The Deficiency bill, fromthp Hotue, was referred to the Committee start,on Finance The resolution of Mr. Jobksok, ofTennessee, was then taken up as the special order,anl Mr. PtrSH, of Ohio, proceeded to make a re-johider to his colleague, Mr. Wadb. In the House,Hr. DxLABO, of Massachusetts, offered a resolu-tion of inquiry relative to the assertion of Mr. have relied implicitly upon Mr. Bcchakax's mayties atpaying, becomes now an act ofunder Lieut. Datis toFort Moultrie. Just as they were ready towouldresttheresponsibilityCharlestonuponthe orders were countermanded from Washington and the troops were sent to Cali-replyingWhy this sudden change in their des- tination ?for their reliefsponsible, by public opinion,some of the border in Mis- ter. TheHvor stated that the entire cost of tte States, especially aadbridge would be but two hundred thou.iand dollars,fornia.considerate andThe Cooperationists seem to have a majority in the Convention, and they may possibly de- cide not to imitate the hasty and separate ac-where there wasIt is perfectly apparent that the Disunionistsmayry into private life a heavier weight of respon-The Mr. Bmki, ttiought J2S,000 enough Chairman,Mius, in the South Carolina Convention on Wed-nesday, to the effect that a threat had been madeto the Prebident regarding any attempt to reinforce Either their knowledge of his inherent cow- American people, than have ever hitherto fol- the garrison at Fort Moultrie. The resolution,which created considerable excitement among thewouldpay he/share of the expfernosmeUsiethe dlsfiuSements were made «;".<»OW«J^countenance and support, from the beginning.tion of South but to await the Carolina,coop-with, there canadvantagein and ban- tauntingtjat preae^tothe ground of this reliance, or they have hadardiceandinfidelityany publicany highpSSycd. vfsstl,ofMr. BucauAN, of Oiiio, offered as an amendment participation in their councils could have UnitedStates,and that it was th« ofthe dutyhave made very able arguments against rash Nullification controversy at Charleston, in 1832. it injudicious action, and have counseled a is well known that Gen. Boorr was proKent,to in Fort Moultrie. At nne obtain a redress of wrongs command of the troopsplans for the work. The Cominlttee then adiourasil o meet at the call ofthe Chair.Arrfrala la Ote Cttr.Honorables J. E. Harvey, (rf Philaddphia J. F. ;the Pacific Eailroad bill, reported by the Select given theci. Mr. Milis, who had jtiat le-Committee during the last session. This was su- Presidentand defend it. .After seces- perseded by a substitute offered by Mr. Ccaxis, of tumed from Washington, declared i> Hbfi sion, ^South Carolina will cUim it as herIowa, which is very siraibr in tts features, and Charleston:^andit as a basis of opposition to theOeneial Qovenment.HamiliOH declared that he had resolved to putthe claim is utterly le Houae, after various ineffectual attempts to was best for them to let the improvements on weithleas, many beyond that State will regardofitThese things uatnraUy encourage the hopewas the Convention, on Wednesday, that Itproper^althoughthe collection of somesugarwouldamve cs Majorfinelyidil(b]r,a vat^of 95 to 74.,theadopted by Comailttee andofthe Government duties to the test-thatmHale.^f New-Hampehire, and O. B. T'sttr^r, of Vti-in ourof thethe Fortsgo forward,as it would beulti-_ Mayor Lincoln aad F. E. Faxen, C. WllUs, J. Hal- J. Fredericks, L. D. Crane, JnsUa Jobss sodA synopsis of thepurposewhich would be pie occasion: S. B. CaldweU. of New-OrleansofW. B. ;areat" tehea from BprmgCeld, the mately to their advantage." He could notapprehendedof this test, and that the sugar.Whitney,Washington,from Liverpool on the 8th plated their surrender, and their 9th inst., arrived at thiswas where it remainedHon. C. B. Sedgwick, of Syracuse Prloleaa, of South CaroUna ofs, which is threedaysagainst the Federalment has lost in recklessness and haste, itfort,The Paris Afomitur abundant reason for his remark. byCount dbPes-hand over the wholethe people have elected President.;J. Reed, of Canada:eringnpon his func-peaceful exercise President, will put an end to alla throiie of Napo- —irs from Gaeta of conciliation, to all thoughts of compromise,There is thus far no Union Party in the South;Be says that thehe was Haven, are at the MetropoUtan Hotel. tv___, ton, which was espied by Gen. Scott while Hon. J. H. Ketchum and J. V. Bonson, of Borer,sunding on the rampart. He instantly ordered a N. H., are at the Albemarle House. ,m tirSomewould secede withont condition, while others burning town. They hastened to the scene of theior.French Constitution orders from theThe first as it will be the first necessity, of Mr.uponminor points. wouldrender of these Forts, under—action of the And the result in eitherTQllBghastandA. tbe Astor Hoose.explained,the fort should beAxdebson and hisattacked,command,theyacts that win have thai effect It is not easy sound. If they were well defined they conld be swer the purpote for which it was intended.long ago troopsas inGovernment,end,when it was„ „, A.^S^,\ «" Wedoes not the relations of Sooth Caro- changelina to the Union in the slightest degree,and friendly towards the South.He then went on to speak of the charges made byengineer to the Board of Supervisors, was read, set- ting forth that the estimates for the woik were tooreinforcetheory, gratnitons subjectionlotrust was lowedtvo" thousandtonswhojudUh^eeaih.U-mbeinghead in a gre»t crisis of ita affairs. Mr. AK seems determined, uponC. M.aHnodteL Strong,; Florida, are atthe Fifth-avenueattemptsatwaitforthewould remain in the Union if their demands conflagration, and as they were advimcing, a per-J.Atkhis, of England^<^^J-C^laJrlenSdo:n_ the besiegers has until fhey are again in possession of the Gov-We copy several ar-i_tB the financial ernment of the United States. The people of complish thia result, but also to punish treasonvigor enough in our Govemmont •i^f pwalij «<• this eountr^r ^^ j^^ prepued to submit to wheiever it may be found.notonlyBretas, of Havana, are at the I^'"i«5o«se.i» at tBB Capt Jodkins, of the steamship Ptrsta,Svetcttused he had!parttoprotectthetained. ThegreatestInconveniencethe new HarlemBdckaji- his retirement, to of the Government One thing we venture to predict. The sur- to the Disunionists, instead of the man whomwith the request of Major AxniBsoir, as present time would exercise a very wholesome lators.to eral Govermnent from the suspicion of cement the bonds of the Union they would totheiron thetreachery. restore confidence to public and pri- the opinions of prominent public men. But pressing thebs.Against all these argent representations, vate credit; and by giving emplojrment in the absence of more authoritative announce- A WOMAS SAVAGXLT ASBAITLTU) BT BtrBOLAIS.smdMr. Buchanan opposes an obstinate refusal.and tens of thousands of men, with theirabout the cities442 Tbird-avenue, occupied by Mr. Pmup Siaat, as aprofessionalexperiencepoliticalwisdom,greeofconsideration.andstore. Thenoisewhichtheymadela searching the dlflterent rooms, was sufficient to aweheWe published, in the TiMis.of ye;sterday, anthat he exhibited much agitation on the occasion. surrender the Charleston Forts if they arc And that, too, after he has been privately aad towns, constantly exposed to tiie temp- interesting letter from an intelligent and cau- Fauuha Bau, a servant-girl employed by Mr. Snsc, and when she found out who had occadoned tin dto-Sonthem men were present, and our report saysThe news created a great sensation in Congress, attacked. We shall await confirmation of assured by the authorities of South Carolina tations of viee and beggary, would be carried tious correspondent of the Philadelphia Bulle- a matter of tarbance,asrender in caae of an attack. In accordance with the spirit of these instructions, he telegraphs thatthe Conspirators against the Union.another permanent policy of the Government. The tide of Western endgration would flow with renewed and unwonted vigor, naw re-"any nevrs from the Soutlk replied have not yet read the dispatches In the morning pa-city. Our correspondent gives this statement on wliat he considers reliable authority.new markets for the manufactures and com-and they are likely to mend mthefuture. Ifitbetrue,TheHarleaBxUce. ntVESTIOATIOa BT THB StTrBBVISOBS—XATOa WOOD ON THI STAND.The Committee of the Board of Supervi- SpecialAll his official arrangements have looked towards this end. While we hesitate as yet to yield fulltreason, we shall not be at all surprised to' finding days of hia Administration.'No,' he'I ;withcoiiStrttethnL Let ^Jongiew spate *one hitrlongerour rotten botler-plate and phewandsouth for Boston, Detroit, Chicago, and St. would entail It would be very unchari- Evernng 7i>iiraaP< article ofanswered.passed the Japanese Appropriation bill, as cut one company In tke garrison, which Geo. Soon de- Paul, while it will be almost on the latitude table to suppose that the owners of that whenhe wishes to be heard he Is In the taUt«tmission to the Third-avenue BailroadCompanyderive no direct advantagessafetyshethat she intends to take the forts after her act to the western wilds, there, after constructing tin, giving an account of a visit to Mr. Lin- silence her one of the burglars caught her by thealso, confusing the proceedings for a short period.But the most important intelligence in this con-nection, which reaches us from the Federal Cap- ital,istliatordcTMhavebeenistuedtoMaj.therecentconductofJahxsBuchananhasceivedwhathedeemssufficientassuranceswouldatthesametimefacilitatethesettle- theSouthernStates,—this intelligence before we give it full credit. Wc concede its probabilty. Every thing inof secession from the Union. And iiis only the roads, to find permanent homes, and be- coln, and the foUowing notes of a conversa- throat, while the other with a knife stabbed her sev- er^ tunes In the head, infilctlBg dangerous woaailB. apology for such a course is, that he has re- come the founders of States. These highways tion with him upon the political condition of Tbe ruffians then escaped, without carrying awar any booty, and leaving a hat, brace and bit, t>edc<Hd andbottleofgin.ThePolicehavenocluetothem.Andebsox, in command of Fort Moultrie, to sur- Indicated that he was in close alliance with that slie will not do so during the few remain- ment of the public lands, and thus promote producingThi Deat Uvtis.—ofthedeaf mntes who belong to SU Anne's Church, which Is under the pastoral charge of Rev, Mr. Galiadsst. took place last evening in the large hall ofthe Cooper Institute. The recitations exhibited aahe has surrendered all the arms—some seventyeighty thousand stand—^which were deposited in.theArsenalatCharlestontotheauthoritiesofthat credencetothereportedconsummationofius toseizetheforts,possiblyduringhisterm, sourcesofproductionwouldbeopened,andthatthiiigshavereachedtheirworstpointinthtSouth, eztraordliwrydegreeofaccomplishmeatorMr. Buchanan, therefore, understands fectly that it is the intention of South Carolinaand instantly at the accession of his successor—willing to scuttle the ship if he can only getat the latest.portant. In the Senate the Tariff bill was report- pledged to aid in the auhievement of these He deems it no part of his duty certainly noYet he refuses to lift a finger towards putting them in a defensible position.merceofthe Easterncities would be created.as that the South Carolinians do not intend reported,to resist the collection of the revenue, after they or- dain secession, then need be no collision with the Federal Government. The ITnion may stiU \x main-— whichheintendstofulfillThe Secession Movement.South Carolina passed the ordinance of se-life that be lost, and for every .drop of blood thatsouri,be noeration of the other Southern or at least the tering the South. Leading Republicans from thoseIt was the general c^lnionDortant a structiure should be built tastefullv.be shed in that contingency.He will car-sibility, and more scathingsecession Mr. Bu- cuAKAN might have sent troops to Fort Moul- trie, without dispute or doubt of his authority from any quarter. It waa universally con- ceded that the Fort was the property of thetoprotectresolute attemptvrithin the Union, before absolutely going out of the excited meettags in the circus, Gov. .fAMMto have a traitor, a coward, or on imbecile at itsItnot do, however, to yield too for teand not heavingDr. »». _2- ;duty,Lincoln, will be to'reclalm the authorityW. ;baselybetrayed. WetrusttherewillproveH. M. Rossheig and family,W. L aad Joe* J.alMypowerdiliverrd }o the consignee.Not long after a large fire broke out in Charles-F.Bordeaux, France, and C. N. Yearmaos, of Hew-foreverycurses ftom the officer into his retirement.Untitled Documentper-ed back from the Committee on Finance by Mr.HOBTSS, of Virginia, with a recommendation thatits consideration be postponed until the 4th of before the election, the Charleston Mercury, country from any evils which do not threaten unsnimcus vote of the Convention and other officers could not be terday afternoon, at the City Hall. The Mayor andschemes. WedonotforgetthattwomonthsMarch. It was tabled. Hr. Clark, of New- the accredited Disunion organ, asserted that if it during hia administration. He is perfectlywill arise from as with the present feel-sors appointed to make examination into the matterashore. Thisishisconceptionofpatriotism Suppose, on the morning after Lincoln'supinauguration, Sep- and that Majorthough it win very possibly be followed byand that when finished the would aot aar bridge? Whowouldan- swer for their blood* Against whom would the execrations of an indignant nation be hiuled ? Not Mr. Lincoln, fer he will have had no opportunity to do an act or say a word Mr. Buchanan will be held re-once, her ownmen even in the Southern States. Afterwards he ^oke of the course pursued by certain Republicanthat there were several disdnot oontraets for Imlldti^the various of the but that he did not portions bridge,have ttiem with him, and he advised Xb» Commlttse that they could obtain more specific information of Mr. MoAlpibb, the engineer who drew the plans aadthus to be to ac-cooperationofotherStates.bodyofthreehundredsoldierstothereliefofthecession yesterday at 1 o'clock P. M., by the the want of Federal courtsofthe contract forBridge, m$t yes-to see how she can avoid refusing to pay du-as her continuance inlalrlyandsuccessfullytheyand tribute to aState.Meantime in other States, andforeignnewspapersat the North, which I need not name, to threats of secession from Southernin Georgia, the movement is becoming morespedfications upondignified,danger ^atitmightthat so and un- prominentlast ^e the ComtnomeetUth would have wiUingly speaUng In bis proper place for UtaselLNorthern route. It would be all that Balti- fhiUt somewhere. We shudder to think how The HertU, ot tUs city, pnfaiiahes an of Gov. MssAartothecttlseMof ITs—as, iaMr. Cabs morea vote of 16 to 8. Steam fire engines for as well as military considerations. The Secretary more, 'Wheeling, St. Louis, and even Louis- near the vessel and all that were in her came he snnounees Us redgnstiea.—Taa DoTMiB. line af their road, passed over the Mayor's veto by judgment,particularly, by political -at a cost not Compa- of War is supposed to be more In sympathy withThey degrees north in order to reach a as a single and instantaneous operation—reUefofover-and Arkansas are now pressure, the consequent flashing into steam sasB.The case of the slaver brig Bonita came off yes- Port Moultrie in Its present condition, when there Is of a connection with the Pacific is dependent We have the concurrent authority of by an ImperfectioBinthefiiinaBe. Loss flS.NS ,; iil- before Mr. Mobbll. The only witness ex- reason to believe that an effort will soon be made to the preservation of the Union. Califor- those who have most laboriously searched snred for t7,000 in ths Northwestern Company ofOhuponamined was one of the crew of the U. S. steamer wrest It from our hands. To suffer the fort thus to nia, a Free State, which is strongly attached and clearly set forth the subject, thatSan Jacinto, by which the capture was made. pass fiom Its control Into the bands of a revolutionary to the Union, extends to the Mexican aU explosions begin in a simple, and, in itself,death resulted from the explosion on the, 6'ommon- a collision with South Carolina, and especially such cut oflffrom the Pacific^ except by the consent night after night, as the steamer plowed emUalts of the cU^. After aa azekange of ahot^wealtlt, will be held by Coroner SomsKBB to-day. convinced resulta coUlsloa as he is firmly will of the Northern Confederacy, or Mexico, wiiich®«Sound with her hundreds ofpas-affairs weresettled. Nsttber amicably partywas ia-South Carolina yesteidAT, by aolenus oidinancedeclared the connection with the Confederacy of the case of Schaoht, indicted for the murder of the fortifications on her coast. The purpose ^South will probably be intimately allied to the former sengers, gradnaUy ripened the seeds ofIn the Court of Oyer and Terminer, yesterday, from' any movement whatever towards strengtheningKatahAOfi,wasconcludedbyaverdictofman- Carolinahasbeenexpressedtohimprivatelji,andhas byaleagueofmutualprotectionandrecipro- death. Horn:afterhour,withstealthystep,jured.The G«Mrat fired isto Use air. TheSteaaerSasflreSlate.'the United Btatea dissolved. The instrument by slaughter in the third degree. No other business been announced publicly, to possess itself in due time— cal free-trade.wbfeh thia deapctate act was consummated de- was transacted. In the Court of Getieral Sessions, that is, when its act of secession has been cOTisumm^tsd,Jacob Chattzbtob was convicted of receiving .BoSToa, TbKsdmy, Dec tt. The fn^re Stete, of ths FallKver raote, ea-the mysterious agencies of nature were would also be preying on the life of that fetal strip of iron.ago.— down—and toik ofthe State ratifying amendments to the Con- the Superior Court, which was brought by the ral Government during the few rrnummig days ofthe ed state of the Southern mind. As a measure opened the pressure goesof thoseforts. She wUl claim them as her property,Mississippicountated a severe on VbB Sooad last passage:Tennessee anddeeply interested in tUa Bead, and, indeed,all the States South and East of her. Its pressure were in equilibriumAt Chambers ofthe Supreme Court before Justice before. Gen. Scott, the highest military au- parties and sections without scruple. Fort«- der the inferior action of low steam and HoF OF THI "CitT Wmi-AwAxaa.''—Ihsdischargedsigned it at 6^ o'clock last evening. Conaiderabla on bail, it appearing that Elotz, who was stabbed thoritya littlethebail was fixed at $1,000.is notwounded. The that the garrison at Fort Mooitrie is not ade- regions where the expenaive institutions of plates does not often close so quietly —;demonstratianlnkaBorof Hr.to its defence. Major AsnxBSOB, the Slavery can never take root it will traverse more vitality—or a little less and the grim has taken ;quateofficer in commaild, has asked for reinforce- high arid plains, in which none of the valuableTheplace:kaitri^KoftheSouthcanformance of the duty which has been assigned nents of Slavery, therefore, will run no risk ina crash.er-plates which strain to-daywonted pressures, are approacliing their dis- Irving Hall, en Irvlng-plaee, oomer ofnfteenthebartments, as absolutely necessaryto theper- staplesvegetate.oppo-ofhosts marching to martial made through the ahim. Theto be done. Some were in favor of con- tral was at 7ai. Erie 30i, Illinois Central 674. not to bebuoyancySecretaryMoney easier. Exchange steady at 104 on Lon- sending them, in spite of his sympathy with It is an important consideration,their iron How grip? manyaU is safe. Safe ? That waa tiie dying grip of therDLAaauHiA, Thunday, Bnr tt Ht. W. H. Cokkui denies that thePresMsataast to Urn the sllaged letter pobUAed ta the Ite-ZttftTmaofflds rvi'iilpgQMWBBAI. CITY HBW8.How many, among the million boil-^which are worth re- At length, one of the party asked him If he had:^An exhibitifla intetesting'pers. Bid,' be added, I think, bom all I can learn,andher ing,judges,marshals,; obtained.' On this point Mr. Lixoouc spoke at someStreet Commissioner of New-York, the President of the Board of Supervisors of Westchester Connty, aad the County Judge of Westshester, were the Commia- sluners for constructiag the bridge.action was greeted with a salvo of a hundredguns. As this step was universally antici-pated, it will create no special uneasiness. It Hi: tone and language were moderate, good-humored Ths communication of J. McLxoa MtntPHT, ctvflespeciaUythem." effect inif not less decided.alienate some of the best friends of the cause if It were persis- ted In. In Missouri and some other States, where Republicanism has just began to grow, and where there Is still a strong Pro-Slavery Party to coqlendStates had urged him to use his Influence with the journals referred to, and induce them to alter theirpresenttonetowatdstheSouth. HedidnotsayCotton-growing States. In various parts oftheSouth,moreover,conservativesentimentsare beginning to assert themselves. There is he had promised to do this, and 1 only gathered from '"^fr''liZ>''ibe Mayor's clerk, hereprodtused theeo>-Cuuimiisioners to draw upon the $25,000 appiopriar and in tioo v"'" tbe Board of Supervisors had approved theof a better result than we havehitherto. It is thought that time wiU begained at aU«vents, and fliis is a matter of Good waich was kept. The vessel with the bOr.oHo.k, of Boston Com. McEIv-importance.winthese anticipations. Whatever the move- before her bow. She came to The sugartaken out and landed may have gained in steadiness aad strength. until the controversyin thewas at itsofHon. J. Wires, of Temont Col. R. ?Vthe only divisions areSome are for seceding now, while othersshould be conceded. What those demands son rushed up in great alarm, and begged*'win be we can, of course, conjecture ;—wd «ave bis sugar-hooie, Qoms boys,"Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069them to cried oitt,;thatwere so indefinite that they conid not be regarded as high,the Sooth against the North, remarkingtheEn^and SocietyofPhiMelpMa thisn^solution f How many tired fibres are relax- —a new and elegant temple of tiK Ilgtt (anlastie toe,—seeds of was the scene of tbe avsniagts leattvUies. Thar* a gay throng assembled in good season. Themeat-^are aroimd and bers of the elite Corps ofof theadorned by them are adorned the mosL Toe mosls was divine, the dancing delectable, and all night longmet, Butthat they cannot be long maintained by reasoning sad was present. Inanswer to questioas,ha statedinStates, by saving,"Lei them secede ; we do not want This tone, he remarked, was having a oadwhich the contracts were based, as he was t^noughlv aopialnted vrlth the whole mat-onQotue.A large meeting was faeUlaSt ti^tLby«*nljRPi*pe|*«ni»'^BMi»:lkr^—City._-»___HestUe BIeetia« at St. Tioale,''nl^it.It seems Hutof a genfle rigime that the repabUesB lejolcluge ttIn the City.the Metropolis are thus tnaognrated uulerthsfeafter the sheets of the edition of the presentcourse,screamed. 'To*°l?S^^,°lSiS^M^'i'^dthat Westoheast^rC^^g ;gS''iTnir'',,^''.^S|do7e''L'^.oS5LJ^'ti'S ^ul?'iS^dSieTSd^clea engineerstlonNew-Orlcass;;He/n'''M.Jones, of Edinbiir^, Scotland, are at thetaMMfa^fertt» ^ www.fultonhistory.com^^^^g^Sij5i«ians.i.;Hi 