 io© oa*kaowf- turns of > feflow- aon and »ojiaveestate*. wojeoied b* baseri&rt&OOOea of &e> it among w® itreceived Km ge*- ndeavor* *eeoter- ly occur- to add,uniform dtfCt* O f ir safetyj*eir pru-axe thi* unhappily ind favor Ttion oftnat tha opponent fcerest* ot *t hearty siseiy the- se**, thaiwarm- people, published ?t<-*tati*nof the benefited report- as sum- mer sus- thes* steamer at Co- tbat ad- a tourowever , ommittee, good ia- edentials, teparture;than was leave to treatment an aotat any swindlesupoo to . T oo bosals forI any rate, of del.men, so &e street* and rub.which by unate man Misand dol- refus*however, affordaBy^fetwed -thtr Wc^Washjrrgton Market to Mfcwra. Taylor dtBrennan. W e find that this,wa* not so. The lease was made in 1858, when Mr-«G. B. idvord (Dem.) was Speaker, and J»—not Littlcjohn—concurred in the . action«of his associates in, that Commission, all • f whom were Democrats. W e are not aware that we have ever stated that Mr. Littlejohn concurred in that most objectionable vote of the Commission, whereby the State's claim of : back- xonts from the City was assigned to, the lessees aforesaid; but, as we are anxious to do no in-justice to one to whom we are inflexibly opposed, we will here say that he stands clear of this also—-Mr. Atoord having been Speaker when that w a s done.—Astotherightsof,thecontendingparties— The- City versus the State's lessees—in the West- Washington property as the case stands, we have hoped that, they would be judicially settled ere this. Why they are- not, we cannot clearly make out. We believe tne City has already incurred legal expenses in this contest to the amount ofaome $50,000. If she has a legal right to the property,wethink she should establishitat -once. If she has none, she ought either to re- linquish her pretensions or make terms with themmthe idearthat a basis of settlement may yet beobtained, and certainly without any surrender of1 principle, by ^p^Wicans ;After these r proceedings, Mr. Toombs moved that the Committee report they could not agree upon any proposition, and. ask to be discharged. Mr. Douglas amended it so as to say they had been .unable to agree,, which was carried—the Kepcblicans voting affirmativeiy.Mr. Toombs then proposed that the Committee should adjourn sine <&, but Mr. Seward suc- ceeded in striking out the latter, clause, and the Committee stands adjourned to meet at the call of the Chairman.STARTLING REPORT FROM GEORGIA. times, here and there.an invalid. A middle-aged I piece of-property, who is sittmgby his door in |T b e California l»oaijr K*pre»». FORT KJCARHKT, Friday, Deo. 28, I860.I The Pony F^presji^passed at 9:30 p; nvon the 27th. :; SAN ^KANCISCO, Saturday, Dec. 15—3:40 p. m. \sHessians is usually ca&*L The battle of the Ss' Jan- uary, at the Assanpmk Bridge, however, just a w*v»k after that of the 26th December, 1776, was by far A tlead- thoughtNew-taat -from a ,Mi»madis> 23fc*.at we some ._at wo what it We hog thothere- article* Ji.sources represen- riews eopy-tho pOrti- virtu- of hasWe quota- attract•—*that*y — its Atlu*And. ustoeject, sortedre we Com- so-week ending Dec 26, states that 209,184 pounds of ceded that he has a brain of some Bort—there is in a letter recently published in The Missouri Revub- his brave comrades were ordered into line with theadverse parties.B o ^ e tand l o n e with.- matterthenegroeseverywhere,andtheoccasionalrumor youlooksomewhatcloselyatthepropertylyingof fighting at Charleston make them restless and loosely about, you will see many very sullen very dangerous. i faces, and in many eyes a light which is not" l a m told that some planters are hastily get- altogether pleasant: The men do not strikenewly-discovered mine about 80 miles from Carson Valley,whereacompanyhaveclaimed3,000acresof landcoveringthemine,andarepreparingtocommence developing. The coal is very much needed in the Washoe silver mines, as other kinds of fuel for smelt- ing purposes are scarce, and. difficult of access. The Keystone Company, who have been some months en-eral, and convinced him of his delusion. Surely this "littlecombat/*asWUkinsoncallsit,wasworthyoff^ more notice in our authentic histories than it. has re-ceived. Until 1856,, people even here did not know much about it, and when I ventured in January of that year to embody in an address, delivered by me, and afterward published, on Washington and his Army, what particulars I had collected about this battle, it was thought a myth. About the same time, however, Washington Irving, and Losing, in his Field-Book, alluded to it partially, and now it begins to be thought . something of. At all events, Washington's strategy and prudence never were called out more effectively, andhismodestyandcautioninspeaking of them, and of the dark abyss out of. which he then rescued our plunging fortunes, were the real causes, probably, of so'little being officially told then, and of the perils andtreacheries which at that j^riod hung over him and the cause he periled all to save.Capt. Anderson, the Major's father, was in all these battles I have alluded to. But the gallant achievement I wish now for the first time to bring to public notice is as follows: The particulars may be known to oth- ers, but I am not'aware of their having ever been published. My account is received direct from Mr. Anderson, of Cincinnati, as they were Telated to him by his father.Itiswell knownthatGen.Washington,priortohis surprise of the Hessians at Trenton, on the morning after Christmas, 1776, had more difficulties to encoun- ter than in transporting his brave, forlorn troops acmes the Delaware, through the floating ice-crags of a rapid current, and marshaling and marching them amid the Winter's storm on their way to Trenton. He had beenequitablysettledting all things ready to send their wives and •theatrical attitudes, it is true, nor, \ do they gaged in opening a copper mine in Calaveras County,w&. oBfimar*In I860, after the passage of the Compromise measures, Henry Clay wrote as follows:*'ifcippos*we should be disappointed, snd th*standard should feertlsed ef open iwUtwco to tbo Union, tbe Constitution, and *a* Uw««, what la to bo done? There can be but one potfible U**oer ; ttoWMr, the authority, and dignity of the Government «uffU to oew*a*ntam*d and nnitancy put down at every hazard, * V * The moment a daring band U raised to resist, by forco. tb* execution of tbo laws, tbo dnvy of enforcing them arises, and If tho conflict wMob ma;ensue nhoold load to civil war, tbo *«4**ta« V«t7 having begun it, will bo responsible for all tho cooMoqnonoeo." **How different this from the language of the sworn defenders of the Constitution and the Union now in the seats of power at Washington! President Buchanan weeps in private with terror lest he should be assassinated by the emissariesof Southern treason, and proposes to surrender ix> them, the forts without which they cannot !hope to consummate their guilty designs! It is said that he believes he will be the last Ameri- can President; it is certainly to be hoped that iheze may never be another such as he.The N» O. Delta in an article which aims to enlist the North-Western States in the support of the Pro-Slavery Revolution, by the promise of universal Free-trade, has the following interest- ing suggestion:" Now-Orloaaa U tbo natoial and goographioal dopot of tbe trad* of the MhwiMlppl Valley. Tho artificial tystom of protec-tW* tarHr*, and otboT fecilitiec and aids of tho Federal Govern moot baro diverted that trade to tho Eastern porta." •—What do the Louisiana planters think of that ** artificial system of protective tariffs" which levies duties on foreign sugar to tne tune of five millions a year ,for their benefit? Do they de-sire to destroy the Union in order to got rid of that protection ?..... .- .. •JHpCKVKD BTIt was agreed to by nearly an unanimous vote, theseveral dissentients considering that the Constitution nipped in the bud, of whippings and hangings tively, looks from bis upper window after hisalready gives that security. . and burnings, and then there is silence; the mas- light is extinguished, and pierces with sharpened About seventy-five border State Congressmen met incaucus to-night. Senator Crittenden presided. Messrs. ters would have us believe that these extreme glance into the gloom without. Is that a manA copy of The Honolulu Commercial Advertiser, hended,' he dismissed his troops, and as the night was dated* Nov. 1, has reached Sacramento via Victoria. cold and stormy, he told them to go to their quarters.MAGNETICF r o m Wysshfiiytosuus have theTELEGRAPH,Thenew8 is four days later than previous advices.CoMMERCiAL.-JCnere ia no business doing whatever It was Christmas night, and as they loved their braveSpooUl Di^HUoi w> Tom N. T. Trfbooe.WASHTNGTON, Fridayi Dec 28, 1860. tionontheSlaveryquestion.THE COMMITTEE OF THIltTX-THREE. Union between the States of the Confederacy by force, The Compromise Committee of Thirty-Three, would be equally unconstitutional, impolitic, and de-structive of Tepu»lican liberty.In their session to-day, voted to recommend.an ByMr.Valiandigham,theCrittendenresolutions.amendment of the Constitution, to the effect thatHO future amendment touching, the existing rightsof slaveholders in the States should ever be made,unless with the consent of all the States. Threetions.W e must use our own powers of observa-a few pieces ofhis choicest property in gropingBoyer» offer for a limited demand far eonc«imp<ian. Price* of Wheat Flour droop for tho filliog ot such orders. There is noth- ing new in freights; rates arc nominally lower: Money matters areqoiet. Fromthenextsteameragooddemandmay belooked for. Short Loans aro stiff at i ty cent.to tradition in tho family of Mr. Potts, did not return to hisquartersthatnight. Thereportishejoinedaparty at whist in company with some Tory companions, andHarris of Virginia, and HarriH of Maryland partici- that the Administration of Mr. Lincoln ought to pated, all the pending propositions were, on motion of have an opportunity to develop its policy, without the latter gentleman, referred to a Committee of Onethey were indeed the' brutes their owners declare than at other .seasons; any observer may see the TV. Morgan, 400; Camel 250: Emily Morgan. 450: Georae How- lsnd, 900; Harrison, 350; Harvest, 250: John ?. West, 450;them to be, the conversation upon the politics of precautions taken to prevent the trouble which I'aac Howl&nd, 120 wh., 60 sp.; Levi Starbuck, 250: Orecon, 15 whale; Philip First, 150; Planet, 500;• Vesper, 750; Washing-first being put under bonds to keep the peace. at a future meeting to be called by them if they agreed. Tho Committee did not act on Mr. Adams's Adjourned.The Europe reports—Sept 28, in the Ochotsk Sea, ship Calhvo, the country is in dire confusion; that great unusual vigilance is urged upon all watchmen; 500 whales ;-Florita, 140 boxes heads.changes are to be made; that the South is to more stringent regulations as to the tunes within The. ships from tbe Ochotsk generally report unfavorable weather, and most of the sperm whales had been wild, and theyseparate itself from the North; that Slavery is at which the black man may wander about are were also scarce.The ships from tho Arctic Ocean report the Beason distin-proposition to admit New-Mexico as a State, with or without Slavery, as that Territory may elect. This proposition is under consideration aso • ' A n O u t r a g e ,BALTiMonii Friday, Dec. 18,1860. . The schooner Alice Mowe, arrived here from St. Do-the bottom of the matter; that the North refuses adopted. Every white citizen is more than everguished for very rough weather, much ice and fog, and shyness ofseveral sections were merely parts of a planFORT KBARNKT, Thursday, Dec. 27,1860.The western stage from Denver, with the mails and these gloomy times, and teach us fidelity in duty, asMessrs. Douglas supporters.and CrittendenWere its onlyweather promises to be mild again.«s>You can't help noticing that the "property" is remarkably attentive t<> that fire, and that he finds many occasions for coming within hearingan army is in the country, ready to assist them,if they successfully rise, .and they locate theforce in various places according to their limitednotions of geography and political affairs. Badlyplanned and abortive attempts at insurrection' areThe weather continued clear^d pleasant in Denver, and building was still going on. /•' \ Fiire a t M i l w a u k e e ."; CHICAGO, Friday, Dec 28,1860.The Empire Mills, at Milwaukee, were destroyed by fire on Christmas morning. Loss $90,000; insured forwell as trust in the Almighty:While Col. Bahl was whiling away the merry Christ-inas night at Trenton, with his boon companions, an ex- press came by a messenger, supposed to be sent by m tory,to inform Mmof Washington's approach. The guard and the porter both refused to call out or die* turb the Colonel, but the hitterfinallyconsented to haadMr. Bigler then presented a proposition to parcel out the Territories, which was put aside without a division. This brought the Committee to Mr. Rice's project,, as follows:/Tbe Court of Appeals will meet formally on Tues- of the talk about " this man Lincoln" and thissod be called • The State of Washington;' and thatall tbe terrftOTy south of 360 3C should bo alsoadmit-tod as a State apon tax oqaal footing with tho originalStates, and be called * The State oi Jefferson;' and in inst., passed off the Cape at 6J o'clock on Thursdayinner heart of the Southern people say if mysketch of their peril is exaggerated. Let theTRENTON, N. J., Dec. 26,1860. In addition to the brief notices published lately inmoved to amend by excepting Kansas from theproposed State north of the Missouri' line, so asA n o t h e r S t e a m e r off* C a p e R a e e .human heart, leading the^ "property", to rebelthe Republicans and Mr. Douglas.Messrs. Seward and Grimes stated that theirfriendsrejectedtheplanbecauseKansaawasim- properly denied her rights. Mr. Jefferson I>avia spoke favorably in general terras of Mr. Rice's proposition, and it was approved by the RepuWcause from the doom which was then prepared for it*..THE|$5,000,000The proposals for the $5,000,000 of TreasuryKoteswereopenedto-day.Withinfracticnofhalfjustice,toallthecourses,someof*themdance, perweek,someCompany,withamutualcapitalstock, Hill,theattackwasmadebytheBritish,buttheydidto the accompaniment of ru8e music. If youneeded anything to convince you-'/that the systemis a heaven-sent boon, this plantation dance wouldfinish you. Half a dozen men or boys out offifty dance and sing when their day's,unremuner-ated task is done; therefore, all slaves arehappy. This is sound, I believe. If, however, Francisco, and purport to have been brought from a der of the cannon at Princeton awoke the British Gen-] CO -per cent interest per annum.' SecretaryThomas, in his advertisement, reserves discre- tion as to the acceptance of bids, and it is under- steod the Cabinet decided .after their opening to take those at 12 per cent and under, which amount to nearly $2,000,000, of which the Bank ofCommercewillobtain$1,500,000 at12 per cent. The Treasury Department was greatly disappointed at this result, which exhibits a dis- turbed state of confidence under the political panic.NAVY DEPARTMENT ACCEPTANCES. .Acceptances to a large amount have been given by the Navy Department for contracts con- tingent upon the approval of Congress, aud ap- propriations to be made in pursuance thereof. The pending inquiry ought to include these operations, so that the War and Navy will stand on the same footing before Congress, as they havein general estimation here.insurrection has really taken place, or is only threatened.; ; :*'The greatest careis taken to keep the raatr ter secret, but most exaggerated reports are whis- pered aloud in this town to-day;• *' There is certainly much excitement amongranging all the way from $500,000 to several millions,files articles of incorporation with the Secretary of not succeed, neither there, nor at the fords below. State, elects officers, and appears to be earnestly pre- Cornwallis called off his troops, without clutching the paring to commence, silver mining. , Some of thesecomprise men of wealth and character, while many aredonbtleee stock-jobbing operations.THEThe Republican members of the Senate andHouse Committees on the crisis are to confer together to-morrow morning, upon some common basis of action.To the Aanoclatftd PreM.WASHINGTON, Friday, Dec. 28,1860.The proposals for the five millions in TreasuryNotes, under the recent act of Congress, were opened to-day at the Treasury Department. The bids were for leas than $2,500,000 at an average of 12 per centum in- terest.[The list of bids will be found, in our commercial columns]. .The Senate Select Committee of Thirteen had before them, to-day, Mr. Douglas's proposition, as presented to that body on the 24th of Decembjw; also one by Mr. Bigler, viz: the eetaolishment, by the Constitu- tion, ox the line of 36^ 30'; eight Territorial Govern- ments to be established north, and four south of that line, the geographical area being greater in the former than in the latter; when each Territory has population saf- ficient for one Representative in Congress, it is to be admitted as a State by a proclamation of the President, thus removing the question from Congress; Slavery to be interdicted north, and tolerated south of that liue.The Committee also considered the proposition of Mr. Rice, the establisling of a similar line, to admit all the territory north of his tineas one State, to be called Washington; and all the territory south of that line as one State, to he called Jeffersoi., and admitted with Slavery. All these were rejected. The Committee, finding they cannot agree on any recommendation,. will report to the Senate at an early day.The Pony Express, with St. Louis dates to the 30th, and telegraphic dates to 3 p.m. of the 3d via Fort Kearney, was telegraphed from Carson Valley yeaster- day, and will arrive at San Francisco by the Sacra- mento boat to-night. The patronage of this Express is incieasing under the influence of regular trips. TheItiREPUBLICANSON T H ECRISIS.LOAN. "|(EW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE. SATtfRDAY, DECEMBER 29, I860.;i'!,-tleman here last night, who has allowed me to copy it for THE TRIBUNE:44 Rumors of a rising among the slaves in the south-westernPyartoftheStateprevailhere. It j that amount w-as bid at rates varying from 6 to is impossible to say with certaint)r whether anwhen vague notions of freedom set him marching out of reach of the gun. The hands now come in;, getting through with, their supper, doing fullfor the Senatorsbip this Winter appear to be Gen. McDougall and Gen. Denver.Tbeorganizationofa jointstock company, to open the Washoe silver mines, is among, the most notable features of the times. As often as two or three times,him a warm reception as he rushed down through a nar- row street, and attempted tocrossanarrowerbridge. Cannon balls and musket shot were poured on "uU troops there to some purpose; three times, as at BunkerThe House Select Committee considered the proposi-tion of Mr. Adams, (&ta«s.) An amendment to the political purpose; on the. other, they are madeHad we not better sell Sam at once?ITHE LATEST NEW& Constitution prohibiting Congress from passing a law, light of, in order that fire may not kindle fire.interfering with Slavery in the States where it exists. W e occasionally hear of a plan of insurrection and the arms ready at hand, the master instinc-fmI• n •1i I1Colfax and Barrett were the Secretaries.The following propositions were offered:Bjr Mr. Barret, eleven amendments to tbe Constitu-punishments cure the evil. They know that it is yonder, or only a shrub moved by the wind? only aggravated, and that every' plot so sup- i He will have " the devilish thing" cut downcommander, and he a German, loved mirth, music, and good^ cheer, it is said they enjoyM the night merrily, and were not a Utile stupid, nextA RUMOBED SIAYE INSUEBECTION.EFFORTS TO KEEP IT BECEET.the sun, rises and touches hia remnant of a hat, walking to and fro with the" aimless steps pecu- liar to* the..negro. Y ou remark that he i s quitsCalifornia news for to-day's express is not important. most Important in its results. At the capture of the* Judge Baldwin has sent in his resignation as Judge Hessians, all the enemy's force did'not amount t o ^ i Wyoung children to the North." ..clinch their fists and mutter melodramatic i.'^l'it^ttses,. as they would do if they were. -.i. yclaim to have struck during the past week the richest vein ever discovered on the Pacific coast, being nearly asfineasthebestcopperof''LakeSuperior. Theveinpersists in her mad course. There is another "lin;" it is quite possible that among those very danger threatening her, so appalling that. all happy house servants, there are one or.two who calamities else dwindle to petty troubles—so have been in the habit of keeping open ear arid terrible in its spectral ugliness that strong men eye, when waiting en their masters; it may be think of it with shuddering—dareubardly whisper that some one of them has occasionally put fuel it among themselves. It is the awful peril of a upon the fire when the state of the country has servile insurrection, the possibility of which no been under discussion, and that he has taken for one can think of without extreme dread. Possi?, cisco, and 34 from San Francisco, many of these double letters, paying $5 each. To-day the express will take about &5 lettei s from San Francisco. .On the 13th a solemn and imposing mass was per- formed at the San Francisco Cathedral, for the repose of the souls of those who fell in defense of the Pope in the recent Italian war. The Archbishop was as- sisted by quite a force of attendant priests. At the conclusion, attention was called to the address of con- dolence and relief tothe Pope, for which signatures and matrial aid were solicited.A complete change in the American Consulate office was made at H6noIulu on the 27th of October. G. W. Barden, Consul, and T . T . Dougherty, Deputy Con- sul, were removed, pursuant to orders from Washing- ton, and F . L. Hanks appointed to the latter posi- tion.* The latter appointment was followed by the removal of the Physician and Surveyor of therHos- pital.• Commercial matters at the island continue gloomy.bvity, 1 said; probability is the word to be used. sound truth the loose talk of the Southerner.Can you not imagine how, then, the ;vague no- tions of freedom would naturally reach the cabins down yonder? >In the family of the planter very little is said sulject, and the reticence is natural. The sub- about insurrections. The planter himself wouldFor the catastrophe is probable, arid even while I write may have occurred.All must have remarked that very little is al-lowed to appear in the Southern prints on thisject will not bear talking about. As well might a man carry an unshielded candlelight to a barrel of loose powder to see if all is safe there, as tonot, of course, alarm his household; if the wife appears anxious he laughs at her fears, and then keeps up a vigilent watch; he and such of his sons as happen to be at home and are oldWhalers' bills 5 per cent discount. Money 2 per cent deserted by supposed friends, and was closely watched ^per month, interest since Oct. 11. by tories and traitors. Gen. Grant had somehow Eleven whalers had entered Honolulu, declaring an anticipated his movements, and had warned CoLaverage catch of 450 bble. . . , *The Advertiser publishes a letter, showing that re-, Rahl from Princeton that his Hessian corps would.• take open precautions against insurrection amongthe slaves. Is it not bad enough to have what enough, aim themselves with care; the overseercent changes in the commercial policy of the Iriugdom was having the effect to drive the whaling business to San Francisco.The brig Hero, 28 days from Patropolowski in Adriatic Russia, arrived at Honolulu on the 31st Octo- ber. She spoke the whaleship Euphrates, inlat. 46° north, with ,1,000 bbls. of oil, bound to Honolulu.. Business was reported inactive at Patropolowski arid Nicolaefski,. which, at the latter placev was owing to a want of opportunities for the carnage of goods to the interior, and limited demand for foreign merchan- diee among natives. • •Arrived at Honolulu, Oct. 29, shipStorm King, San , Francieco, and sailed 31st for Hong Kong.The sbip Rapid had been chartered to load guano for the Atlantic States, at. $16 per tun, by the. Phenix Island Guano Company.be attacked on Christmas evening. (See Gordon's and other histories.) CoL Bahl was accordingly en the look-out, but while thus prepared he was amus- ing himself with a game of fox and geese with his Quaker friend, Mr. Potts, at whose house he had his headquarters, and died afterward. While so, engaged, there was. about dusk, a report of fire-arms at the northern outpost. The alarm was given, and the Col- onel, quitting his game, marched with a large force to the scene of action. There he found six of bis men. had been wounded and disarmed, but the assailing party had fled. He made a thorough search for them, but in vain; and, supposing this was the assault he was warned of, and that nothing more was to be appre-Mr. Buchanan, the President of. the United is in frequent private consultation with his em-States, calls "vague notions of freedom" germi-nating in the mind of the negro, without lettingployer; the demeanor of the slaves is closely in- quired of. Have there, been, any prowlers, black or white, seen, about the plantation? What washim perceive that he is considered a very dan-gerous and powerful beiDg? Even what does Tom, or Dick, or Harry, doing so late last nightappear in the Southern newspapers is not trust- down at the negroe's quarters? What did thatfellow say whom you flogged the other day? ed insurrections are exaggerated for some local How in the world did Bill ever hear of Lincoln?worthy ; on the one hand, the reports of attempt-to-morrow. Hisglancemaybe asacuteasap- By Mr. Pryor, that any attempt to preserve the • It is not in the papere that we must look for prehension can make it, but can he penetrate topressedaddsexplosivepowertothemine.the truth concerning the possibility of insurrec- that swamp a long way off? If so, he may seetrade Is"out ofv the *u«»*ttau-: Gnda cojaei Jn Terv §B> Mr. Colfax—That the laws of the Union should tion, and must form our opinions by what we see consultation together with some of his neighbor'sSHIP NEWS.—Arrived 14th, ships Norwester , Bos- enjoyed the night in playing cards and drinking whisky ton ;.Morning Light, New-Y ork: 15th, steamer Sonora, Panama.Sailed 14th, Southern Cross, Hong Kong, carrying $170,000 in punch. Orders were given to the guard at his quarters,be enforced, and the Union of the States maintained, and hear in actual daily life among those people. chattels; and if he could hear and comprehendand that it is the duty of the Executive to protect theW e are at a hotel, or on a steamboat; negro their words, he would know that their notionsproperty of the. United States, with all the power servants, slaves, are about us. Some of them of freedom, vague enough, indeed, are the more placed in his bands by the Constitution.By*Mr. Morris of Illinois^-That in maturing any are clearly careless, paying little or no heed to terrible by Teason of their indistinctness. plan for the adjustment of existing difficulties, we willtreasure, and $67,000 worth of merchandise.and to the porter of the house where, he was, that he should not be disturbed. Loesingalludes to this account in part, and so does Mr. Irving. But no one has yet told who was the gallant scout that shot the picketRepublicans, Messrs. Kellogg, Washburn, andTappan voted against it, on the ground that no- keep steadily in view the. preservation of the Union what goes on about them; others, and they are We are now just in the Christmas holidays; at 700 whales; 30th, E F Mason, Ochotsk, 300 whales; Monmouth,do.,' 270 whales; Dataxen, do., 400 whales. I s each instance the body, at the North, proposed to interfere with under the Constitution as a paramount consideration. many, have a graver air, an intelligent eye, and this time of the. year, so bleBsed to many, the amount of oil is this season's catch.And when night falls, and the house is barred,guard at the outpost, although there have been several After a desultory debate, in which Messrs. Cox, cars eagerly open, to catch every spoken word. slaves are allowed their annual carnival. Conse- The Florence furnishes the.foHowihg report fromthe erroneous surmises on the subject. Nor who was theSlavery in the States; that the Republican plat- Prvor, Smith of Virginia, Clemens, Sherman, Staunton, Ochotsk Sea: 'form expressly repudiated any such idea; and. Colfax, Noel, Hincnmau, Montgomery, McCleraand, With as little thought of these listeners as if quently the danger from them is much greater In Ochotsk Sea, Sept. 14. Antilles, 250 wh.; B. Bash, 900; C.reestablish the Missouri Compromise line. Tho Committee is trying very hard to reportThe ground being thus prepared and the seed they may do it. But where the votes are coming stroying the American property on the Island. This will not submit to this rule, because .their prop- town for the dreadful harvest, you naturally in-of the Border Slave States, and it appears as if oners to St. Domingo —the Government also de-• ••••;•FORT KEARNEY, Thursday, Dec. 28,1860. The California Overland Central and Pikes Peakfrom to elevate them to the position of proposed •Constitutional. amendments, it is difficult to see. can rights. .«s> "—•that fighting may result. The "property" you Denver City dates are to tbe25thinst. Twenty Southern planter would tell you that no such mules were stolen from thfev C. O. C& P. P. Express see there, putting fuel into the stove, and taking danger threatens; and then he would renew and at a station near Galesburg, recently, by a couple ofin the Caribbean Sea, in legal possession of Americancitizens, has been forcibly taken by the Dominicana series of propositions that will suit the claims Government, and the parties on the Island taken pris- head of.tbe General Government; that the Souththinking they would be off their guard on Christmas night. He shot six men and took their muskets, aad then, although pursued, made good his retreat,. Gen. Washington, not knowing of this movement, whsajoined by Capt. Anderson's scout on their retreat, was much surprised and incensed, fearing it might keep Col. Bahl on the look-out, and demanded of Capt. Andersonwhogavehimpermission. Hereplied,Geo. Stevtns. That officer was then questioned sharply, and suffered some rebuke. But Capt. Anderson andF r o m A l b a n y ., AtBWTj Friday, Dec. 28, I860.day, and adjourn till Wednesday, at noon. motion day will be Friday next.The first" free negro Hamlin." Do you suppose he does hot speak to the other "property" about what he hears, that he does not convey some of hisO i . - • '•3C abould be at once admitted into toe Union, as a S t e s u n e r E a s g a r o o o f f C a p e R a e e . vague ideas of freedom into Other brains ?frequently discovered, though' in few instances is .$31,000. .' . t :.. • x«\ • •the note sent to him. He took it, but without readingany information of such plots allowed to Teach it then—as he was just dealing a hand at cards-~thrus% the public ear. Some slaves disappear, being MAJ. ANDERSON-RE VOL UTJONAR Y it into his pocket, and probably forgot it afterward." R'$olvrd, That all tbeterritory lying north of 36° fitate, upon an equal footing with the original States,Cxrx RACS, Thursday, Dec. 27, >Via Sackville, 28,1860. J Let us go now to a plantation not many milesThe Bteamship Kangaroo from Liverpool on the 19th from this place. About the house we shall see a number of very well-clad and well-fed slaves ofNOTES.hanged or burned, more are severely flogged.onsuspicion, and the matter is hushed Up. Let the Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune./ *The fight and his death followed. When wounded and bleeding, ho was taken to his quarters, and going into the house, he handed Mr. Potts his pocket-book, and discovering the above note in his pocket, he glanced at it, and crushing it in his hand, he asked that good ladyVto throw it in the fire, saying, that if he had read it sooner, he would not have been there in that condi- tion. It surely looks as if " there was a Providence that shaped the end" of thatrday's fight.So, on that memorable night when Cornwallis was repulsed and outgeneraled, on the 2d of January, at the Assanpink Bridge, and there seemed noesoapa apparently for Washington, the next morning, against the overwhelming British fores of 8,000 men, perfectly equipped, unless the weather changed so as to allow our heavy cannon to be moveid, what happened? About 10 o'clock of that (Thursday) night, a cold north-wind stiffened the ground and dried up the mud, so that the*. army could march, and they did march, through- a new*each case provision should be made that whenever any evening. A heavy easterly gale, which has prevailed various shades, some of them rather closely eon* -portion of said 8tatee shaH contain, within an area of for the past week, has caused such a high sea that the nected with, the master of the estate, perhaps.sot less than 60,000 square milee, 130,000 inhabitants, news yacht of the Associated Press was unable to put a n e w Stat© may be formed, and admitted into theUnion, with such boundaries as (ingress may pre- out to obtain the news dispatch for the Association. serlQbe, sad to carry the provisions of this resolutionnumerous writers and recipients of private letters regard to the character and gallant services of Maj. written from friends at the South to those at the Anderson, permit me to furnish you with an anecdoteThey are quite jolly, apparently well contented,and as happy as it happens to most mortals, North, written in very weariness of spirit, tes- peared in print. Of the Major, however, I wishfirsttointo effect, all acta organising Territorial Governments should' be repealed to take effect on tbe . AndalsoOis*sasppropristio» should be made to defray the expenses of the Conventions in tbe said State*, and fast Congress should provide for the legislative and judicial expenses of each State when formed under proper Imitations."white or black, to be. Their master triumphant-ly points to them as living proofs that the sys- A large Convention of mechanics and workingmen tem of Slavery is a beneficent thing, and that hisyesterday passed strong resolutions favoring a call for a plantation, like most others, is a little heaven National Workingmen's Convention, and discounter here below. But mount this horse and. set offtify if these things are not so.say, that be has been for a good many years known toMr. Seward, on behalf of the Republicans, nancing the ultra politicians both North and South.across the fields, leaving behind you the negro boy who held the animal, tumbling about in ean- berance of young life. You see^ yonder, theN a t i o n a l W o r l r f a u r m e n ' * C o n v e n t i o n .Who is responsible for this state of things ? It the citizens of Trenton, and is most highly esteemedis stupidly ridiculous to talk of its being the here as a modest, brave officer, and accomplished gen-work of "Abolition Emissaries." They; for the tleman. He will do hia duty.! With a West Point ed-most part, exist only in imagination—not often ucation, the blood of a Revolutionary soldier in hiseven there. Some Northern preachers would tell veins, and scars of his own to show, won in victoriousbattles, we need have no fears abouthie discharging hisyou that the inherent wickedness of the negro duty, costly as it may be. I understand that he haswritten to a friend here that the seceders will not get against the kind masters sent to him by a Divine the fort out oi his hands' easily, " nor without orders."LooisvitLS, Ky., Friday, Dec. 28,1860.8T. JOHN'S, N.F ., Friday, D««. 28,1860.A large screw steamship, with two black and rod slaves at their daily toil, and you know that pis-t o admit Jier under the Wyandot Constitution.This amendment was voted down by the Demo- funnels with white bands, and showing Noe. 7,912, tols and a heavy whip are not far off; you comepassed Cape Race at 11 o'clock this (Friday) morning. to the cabins where the " property" re-crats, including Mr. Rice, and was supported by There is a high gale here, which has been raging for sides; you look at the magnificent quarters ofordinance, aided by the subversive teachings oi* Major Anderson is the son of the late Xtichard Clongh road, full of fttnbs, to Princeton, there achieving that; the skeptical Republican party, are accountable Anderson of Kentucky. I think he was a Colonel in perilous and costly victory which rescued FxeodomV;the past two days, and the news yacht was unable to uet out. There are no signs of the gale abating.fThe«boTo2o»crlb«d «t«<«m«r WM uudotibtedly the Auirtra' Uurf*n, which UiX Liverpool on tho Wd l»at.—UHVOKTRK. Jfor the dark cloud hanging over the South. But that State; but of this I am not euro. At all events,there is no reason to fear that an intelligent he was a soldier in the war of the Revolution, at its . These events Washington called, and ia truth thr/ypeople will not look deep enough, for the real most gloomy crisis—ra Captain of a Virginia company, were, ProvidentiaL " Letnotour hearts be trouble*i." cause,that theywill notinsiston leavingthe inScott'sBegiment^oneofthefaithfulfewwhostood j ' •• C.C HAVBJK.responsibility where it really belongs, or that by Washington crossing the Delaware, in the two en-they will be bullied or cajoled into taking upon counters at Trenton, and in the bloody contest at —Marquie Mario de Candia, father of tho celebrated: BSS«' f '*.^of tbe bnprem6 Court, to take effect Jan. J. men. Cornwallis, on, the 2d January, 1777, started lame. Perhaps he was accidently shot as some The political rumor finds considerable credence that from Princeton with 5,000 of the best British troops,vague notion of freedom caused him to wander Gen..J. A. McDougall,theHon. J. W. McCorkle,;and and ordered 3,000 more to follow him, when he should Richard P. Hammond have formed a combination toPlanters Sending their Families'North..' away from his stall. He has an ugly scar on use their united influence with the Douglas Democracy have ontrapped our skeleton forces at Trenton. But his; face,.too; he probably met with an acci- to elect the Hon. Mr. McDougall to the United States Washington, and his brave'&fficer* and men, kept Corn*•peekl Dispatch to The N. Y. Trtbane.WASHTNGTON, Friday, Dec. 28, 1860. the overseer's.whip handje. HoWever, wewillTlie following dispatch, dated at;Macon, Ga., try to% find good' in everything, and at least this on Thursday, , Dec. 27, reached a Georgian gen- unfortunate wound will help to identify himStatesSenateontheexpirationof Mr.Latham'sterm.. marchtowardthistown,andthenhadanothereuco*ntec The programme will meet with strong opposition with- j with him on the bights here, before he could proceedin tbe Douglas ranks. The two strongest candidates to the bridge, where ourarmy was posted, ready to g?redent, one day,, and ran against the butt-end of Senate this Winter, Mr. Hammond Governorof the wallis back aU day, until % o'clock, 'f&ttit; on tfceir State next Summer, and Mr. McCorkle to the United;/_•;- \f ••'• v.,„ lampblacked whites, playing at the Bowery wasstruck 35 feet below the surface, and appears toFrom Oar Own Correspondent.AUGUSTA, Ga., Dee. 25, 1860. Theater; we do not see them, either, kneeling be inexhaustible. Arrangements are making to shipChmimas Day! Peace on earth and good about the grounds with manacled hands clasped,will to men ! Tbo old song, as/heard here just and tearful eyes raised'--to Heaven. But, never-now, has something in it very like mockery; I theless, there is a look about them which woulddo not baveln mind merely the financial gloom be to us no more satisfactory than it is to theand the want now beginning to pinchthe people; real master, if we happened to own them. It isnor yet the dark prospect of the coming political possible that they have heard something of " thisstorm, so 6ure to break on the South if she "man Lincoln," and this " Free Negro Ham-t last out-going express took 175 letters from San Fran-brave officer who planned and executed such a surprise and deception of the enemy as gave Washington the advantage and success he had on the morning follow- ing. That officer was Capt. Richard C. Anderson, and his company, about fifty men, of CoL Scott's Virginia regiment.The brief report I received, as stated before, from his son (brother of Maj. Anderson, now shamefully exposed to be bravely sacrificed at Fort Moultrie), is as follows:He had permission from Gen. Stevens, then withnamed Lincoln, and a free negeo named him'*'.a happy Christmas," has in it a terrible nia; Omega* to cruise and home; John Wells, do.; 30th, St. Washington, to try a ruse de guerre on the enemy, George, do.; Drama, do. .from each of the fourteen States represented, to report the day goes on in their presence; they hear that ever impends; the police force is strengthened; ton. 600.whales.to give up Fugitives, and that it is bent on giv- a Vigilance Committee man. The festival, greet- 8ailedfrom Hono]nlu,.Oct. 24, Corinthian, New-Zealand: 26th,a substitute for the proposition of Mr. Crittenden mingo, brings news that the Guano Island, Alta Veta, ing freedom to those in bondage; that a man ing from the slave to his master, as he wishes Martha, to crubie and home: Erie, to cruise; 29th, Jere Smith,t odo.; Homor, and Hercules, New Zealand; Ocean, Coast Califor-Hamlin, are to come into power at theirony which he himself does not intend. m• Tlie Pikes PeaJk £xpres».is viewed as a great outrage, and a violation of Ameri- erty would be worthless to them under it, and quire if there are signs of such a harvest. The Express coach passed East at 2 o'clock this afternoon.And,sofaras the Senate is.concerned, itis Kxutsn** Relief Committee Report. anunnecessarytimetodososimpleanact,hears Mexicans. 'aard to ascertain where a majority is coming from for anything except some radical Pro-Sla-very measure. J- s. P . SyoSbi Dlopetoh to Tho N. T. Triboso.WASHINGTON, Friday, Dec. 28, 1860. THE. SENA TE SPECIAL COMMITTEE.redouble his secret precautions. Now here, in An altercation occurred on the street yesterday be- ATCHISON, K. T., Friday, Dec. 28,1860. the talk, and among tho distorted notions there- the fewest words, is the simple truth: the slaves tween 8omers, a cattle dealer, and Tappan, a newspa- The report of the Kansas Relief Committee for the from born in his brain—for I believe it is con- are in a feverishly excited state, which excite- per correspondent, respecting reference to the formeralready been published, was taken up. The Re- ments have begun to be very sensibiy realised among publicans voted against it on the ground that the our suffering people.fiction that the latter is of African blood, a great. in m ' i • • F r o m D e n v e r *This was one of the events which a distinguished - historian calls "wonderful." Washington called it, and others like him, " ProvidentiaL" Let me tell of two more of these, hoping they will be opportune inwheat, flour, corn, beans, dtc., have been received from various States; also several boxes of clothing. The total amount distributed during that time is 157,700ment is increasing every day. They have lican. Tappan received a slight cut in the hand from Continentals, and the storm went on until victorygood is to come to him and Iris fellow-chattels; The snow, which fell here several inches deep the he is to become less valuable as an article ef which they could not sustain in the aggregate. first of the week, is rapidly disappearing, and the trade, and consequently worth more to himself.lieve that the new President will come with an army and set them all free at once; the veryabsurdity of their imaginings adds to the danger. sixpassengers, and$12,000intreasure, passedhereat 4 It is said that some of them suppose that such p. m. yesterday, for Omaha.tne very firmly fixed, and not so foolish as many puetty generally the knowledge of Mr. Lincoln's adhk-knife.others; it is that through the election of " this Preparations are making for a stage line to Santa Fe election, and are possessed with the idea that in and the San Juan mines.crowned that memorable day with undying glory., Capt. Anderson was complimented for his exploit.The Committee of Thirteen had an important pounds, which has been sent to twenty-one different "man Lincoln" and this "free negro Hamlin," some way or other they are to be benefited by The weather is pleasant; The nights are frosty, andsession to-day. Mr. Douglas's scheme, which has counties in the Territory. The benefits of the ship- for he really believes in the elegant Southern the change of affairs. Many of them really be- the days clear andwarm. ;which you have occasionally heard from ardent Northern admirers of the system; you see the plentiful and nourishing food prepared forthe" hand1?;" • perhaps you wonder how any SCKAKTOK, Pa., Friday, Dec 28,1860. man could ever run away from such*1re.Tbe «toro tf Orane 6c Co., at tbe Nutioiml Anthra-cit« u.in«:s, was destroyed by ,fi>e at 10 o'clock, H. n.i, luxury; p'vh-apa you (<lo not. You will see «ome their own shoulders a:wo|glit which uo one hasPrinceton. •.."'./ '•'..'" :',!' % tenor, M. Mario, has been appointed by Kin ~ Victor You wul notice that I say the fwo battles of Trenton, Emanuel, Commander-m*Chief of the ntiUtavY'diyieiooLJiean Senators, with the qualification stated. to-dav. Loss about $5,000; insnred fu the Kumboldt hurdl children, a few women, rattier Hullen at These indications **• cousidered a* favorable to and iioi e CoaipuuicB of New-i ork.a right to place thereon.iuibteud of the battle, which the surprise of the. ef tho Island of Sar^luun,m& t$m! ^f%fr-<Some fine specimens or coal, resembling in appear-ance the West Hartley coal, are on exhibition at San. of each other until the morning watch, when Hie thun-the ore to Baltimore, and it, is believed it can be put in tbe Eastern markets cheaper than the Lake Supe-/ rior article. - 'in any department or trade. The weather is bad, and the nhip-mtnUof goods to tho. interior much interrupted. There havebeen several arrivals, bat fresh imports do not invite bayenr. Ifany orders*exist to realize upon good* for Eastern account, acompliance with tbem and the present condition ofmorning. Old Gordon, who is...capital authority, sparingly, and insufficient to.make it any object for export s*:r» " Some got- drunk." The Colonel, accordingWHALERS.—Arrived at Honolulu, Oct. 26, Florence, Ochotsk, 100 whales;' 28th, Tobish, do.. 15 whales; Montezuma, 800 whales; 29th, Europe. 140 whales: Henry Kneeland, Arctic,of his brave father, which I believe has aever yet ap-prey he thought he was sure of; and the camp fires of the two armies were kindled on the opposite banks of the river; so near, that the sentinels were in hearing^"1 •"•"J1•,••.••'i » V '! _ —• ' - - • - •Untitled DocumentriirtWi yWi'lni«i>irti7iffii'iiV'lS WmmThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069l^xmmwww.fultonhistory.com./ nr \ - -•••' "*^<i