 and"Gei<. Amos JJU P«Stot», on taking th*> chair, aa'.d he Americans in W - Y o r k . There was no Kepuhhcnn rrces.andCoogrtss has no power except to protect it.hoped the Convention would be m order. Iherei* nw-^anywhere except in New-York, and tne Kepub-n/^w to ueceesity for confuwon, aud tiie Cout":il need E B of New-York had been beaten, when the Hon. fre under no excitement. w S 11 Seward was defeated at Chicago. H e had beenThe Preside**—'J'fie Chair considers the resolution h e S n h y Americans with Lincoln, ^ho, it elected, n>w before 'he hou-e entirely in ord«r. It ia a ifolio wr: XSSA knock the Bepubiicans eflecfinHy oh the head. Hr*otr0d, Th«t A . T . Cb«nd *r, H. A- T Sv»n*btiry, Har»«j The KepubacunH are all soie-headedm the State ofS^.»t/i Vttu. Vo»ig*u>j,J*u-'<e» K. Tbo.i.p«oti. JKWM) CQtMf,i*. New York, and only go Lincoln on compulsion.2mm it-o£, t h efa-hereto- the* taJtathe» »•seatha* of agotea»fortbatt of*ho»by•hefor •foe,K*OKtoeof0-•* ..Jksoatad>re the dsr'S*'bobe-*Retailed, Th*t tho»e person* presettiug ored»*nUa!8 or other- Mr. Hnsted opposed the calling of a Convention at have a right to rake their property thwe. Thm is aWUKJ claiming ceata in lhi« oounoil who are RopubUcnus, or mem- Alrany. He had a very bad opinion of the people at Pjausible proposition, but is there aaythiugiu it really? RECEPTION AT MONTREAL.b*-rii of oiber p.rUtu, b e excluded from tuKiog part iu debate, or trtrtDg'afats in this Convention. [Applause.]/tiais. . ' The President again refused to put tho motion, wnen, a^ter ninch cvntu#iuu, Jolm L. Biker git en the Prcii- dent s table, and announced that 500" K'pa»>licao« were expected he«e in baif an hour, and tne or.jsct of ttie Vtfs*.ident was to d>l*y until that aid had anIred. He, tbe?ef<;ref was in favor of immediate action by the Contention, and moved that the Vice-President take^C^Semble Hot followed,thelegates crowding >.bout Scroggs, who appeared confounded, and mades.c rematks. .C. S. Macomber seconded the motion. He was inttAwtdi The ri-T>iia;.t ot* one pc>litioal organization, wailo repr*,*ci»-in'j? no po«it»v« strength, is yet Ii-jble to be mi*u*ied tor the ba,e pu-poses of tradn g politicians.- who were once pronoi- xeiit An»eiica;.s bi-t whu are r:ow falleu very low in tue opinion of bllv-ho cherish the Aaericaneettiiri'.n*.; andU'hereat Th* Ute kbamelevfi attempt at brtr^aio and silo of th« Au erkem v<U, to aDemocrailc f'acti-n sitUiiesus th*t venil msu h'ive been too much trusted,; therefore, b<i it •Rcnolved Th>.t it is one to our repobttiou as honest oitraen*, to btan p *ith our medkd rebuke the wickedand fraudidwn; effort " rnite Aniericwrdsm «-ithiU irreconcilable poUtioaland religiousState to determine what irjetitntfrna. they will have. Then the jurisdiction cf Congress ceases over that people. Tli? Republican party does not interfere with Slavery as it.exista in States by local .'law, but it-in- tends to confine it there, and insists that the institution of property of man in man shall extend no further. Are-these new'doctrines? Not at all. He won4d read from a docun.tnt which no Democrat bad yet con- tradicted, which was not'«a Republican lie," but was called the Constitution of tbe United States. Thatadopt' dcitizens cf Nicajhgua to aid in the niiiatenance of their rights of person and property; butnoswner lad a fV-w adopted cit'/.ens of Nicaragua answered this call cf the residents of the inlands by repairing to Rua- t»»n, than the acling authorities of Honduras, alarmed for their safety, put obstacles in the way of carrying out the treaty of the 28th November, 1859. Guaraiola delays to receive the islands because of the presence of a few men be has injnred, and thus, for party purposee, not only defeats the territorial interests of Hond««as, but thwarts, for the moment, a cardinal o»»f*>ct of Central Arrerican policy. The peopleof theP-*y.Islands can be engrafted on your Republic only Oy witfe con- cessions prcperlv made. The exi*tiprf autbontiee of Bordirae haveby their past acts j.-"'©nproof that they would not make the requisite ooncesaione. The aame policy which Guurdiola pursed toward tee naturalized Nicaragoans, prevents *•*» from pursuing th« only'crane oy which Hor-**"'* ^r> expect to hold the isl- anc's. It beconrep to -refore a common object with tab naturalized Jv/'ca-aguans, and with tbe people of tbe Bav Island, to place iu the Government of Honduras tbce.e ""to ^T^' y i e l d t l i e "ght« lawfully required iu tho/The lion. Robert C. Schenck wns introduced and left his friend to have spoken for Ohio, for his wit audtalent were never am:??, as he (Mr. S-) well knew.He a'so waa here almost as by- an accirient. He re- Ai'C 1 (.9ee 0«n. Sopt's llt-port ) .ferrfid to. the notice of him in the papers as a Henry Rewlved, Tbat the Snperiiit< intent be requested to report Clay Whig now a*.ting with the liepuhlicans. That thi- n t o i t e r of beats attnehed to the Hiirbor Police, and tue num- wa« true; he w^s actiug with the Republicans be>cau;. 3 ber of men required to ram each boat:, and, al»o, whether in/tution of the Order, is, first, to elect officers of the could pledge himself that when elected they would do Mr. Duganne moved to add, "and that should cir- they have claimed it as a general property that goes corsideration of personal security from the weather xacing around in futile search of public plunderers, and Ccuncil for the ensuing year; and, sasond, to fix the all in thfcir'power to uphold the Constitution and the curoptances arise which render it necessary to call a where the Constitution goes- The whole doctrine of than to free "demonstration of patriotic feeling. At who, goaded to fury by their want of success, and the time and place for {holding the American State Con- Union, and would do all possible to defeat the sectional Stat« Convention this year, the State Committee shall the Republican party in regard to the po*ver of Con- tbe landing-place the best dirplay was offered. occasional jibes of the irreverent, accosted qwot trav-vention. party against which, the Americans hid al waya been have power £o call such Convention." gress Is al?o- the old" do .trine, and only lately hitfauyTbe delegates present are divided into two cl-tsses arra'ved. [Lend applau.se, and three cheers given for Both resolutions were adopted. other doctrine been claimed. He quoted from speeches. There a really numerous body of spectators elers with, severity, and intimated a disposition ta(tand instruouents, w h o ,'vi.d American«<liiow, their co»djnto/s ai9.ik through American mipport to rev,v« sod strengthon tho •eifakra ai.d dylnc Tammany l)»injocracy of thii btatn.in" o'ne State under the laws thereof, es aping to another shall in congfquence of any l*w .or n-gula'lon therein he discharged from such service• ! ^^^ncr?- '••—•*••'•••"**>> . ,.. ..^ .. .H*.w*'«*w^w.»lw • iw*HP.l-W*»»'gy>vT'T? J;>rrw.c*TBI AMERICAS STATE COSVESTIOS.B O W D Y I S M R A M P A N T ._fi£>f"Vrtai. Said Council haa aiet pursuant to sa'd call; there- It would-be paid that the Committee was waitirg for fore, in onJer to »rtofr tbo public that tWi is an AmerioMi Coun- bids to sell-out.cu. and none other—._, — — . ,—__ , .HEISDRIVENFROMTHECHAIR.THE; CONVENTION PACKED WITH DOUGLAS MEN. making it is a thief and a liar.hour first appointed for the public reception. Bat, lights. From various points within the city, also, with a want of confidence for which the weathor had fireworks were liberally di -charged. The streets were •TWO CONVENTIONS HELD. utiufc it from the room.After some excitement, the matter "was passed over.Gen. Prtscott, in the absence of the Committee on Credentials, then reported to the Council the action ofAt KJ o'clock, Gen. Scrogga called the Council to Committee of Thirty-two. at Syracua* ou Union Eleeiora. ur<d pit dge a united aud hearty nuppo:t to the Electoral ticket pre--order. He said: G-ntlemeu, th» time has arrived at jM-ntfd toua by tbem.any money in the Treasury or offices to hold. He cloecd amid.great applause.SPEEJCH OK T H « HON-, n . C. SCHJENCK.sioner;? met yesterday afternoon in the Headquarters,Broome efcieet. ThefoHowii-g resolutions were nuanbuilding was nearly covered with spectators, ladies outnumbering gentlemen, and the galleries were suffi- ciently well filled. In prominent positions stood some gueots of distinction, among them Lady Franklin, and the Marquis and Marchio.x.ess of Chandos. The Prince itmained upon an elevated platform, at the back of which arose a pyramidal column, covered with taste- fully arranged mechnnical and agricultural implements, while the national anthem wa» suog \y the Oritorio Society of Montreal. An address read by Sir Edmund Head, announcing the purpose of the Exhibition, ashort reply from the Prince and a prayer by the Lord Bhhop of Montreal, were the only ceremonies of inau- guration. The royal party then walked around the•which the American St'-it* Conneil was to meet.. Asthi>* is ft secret order, and partakes of a secret character,none hot those b^loKgiug to f e order are permitted tot>e present or f> take part in the proceedings. Accord- ?md to do all ii; their power to promote their election-. ing to the oenrtitution, the proceediogs are to be openedl>y prayer, ,1s here any clergyaian present? [Laugh- ter.] I hife the. Council will at least pay decent re- gard to tiii form of pfayer, whatever thoir action may j>e hereafter, cMr. W . D. Murphy, of Albany, suggested that the Bev. Mr. VedriVr »an prt-sent.Mr. V an Cutt, of Albany—I call tVe gentleman to order, l i e has no business to interrupt the President in his remarks.Carried with acclamation.Samuel Hallett, an euthu?ia3tic delegate, moved thatoptti a coirespordfiicc' wr.h ili« poiictt aiithorities of other cltioa end itw.ricts, for tho lnterclmri^e of detectives, in ateoordanca wili; b\s Thdocnirifritlntinx) eon'niKnd tn hi-t Quarterly Raport ofLend cries of '; He's a Re«publican too.7' es and groans, and crka of ' ' n o Black herd," and much contusion.Loud hiss- Kepublicanscourse:SailingT'estrU.to convey him to the great Victoria Bridge. Here Officers the ceremonies were of a different nature. Guided by Tunu'age..andmen. GUT!8. the builder of the bulge, Mr. James HoJges, thefavor of condoling the pro:eeding«» in strict when an ontrago was Mtem^ted noE " S action of the so-called Constitutional UnionnJtvh «biS«w of N-w.York U totally unworthy of onr con- or lab<--r, but shall be delivered up to the person•-About 11 o'clock on Saturday night, the passengerson board the steamer Metropolis, of the New-York andFall River line, discovered in the eteevage a poorwoman and three children—one of them an infantfcfcven days old. She was penniless and destitute, and one side an admirable profile of the Prince, aud on thePSec^arVT ^ 3 J- * . Avery of Orange 8,rgeant-at-i *W Grander of Albany was appointed temporaryA T?e credentials ^ere then handed in.i rr«l nlnr te said he came here as a delegate fromtiiS^ Wald^oancilto^-York;.t "•hiuX tue J>"*n yjT -ieh » hodv reffularly constituted.Slavxyto these Territories, and the people have norow^roverit." What is that except a swindle? It logger than two whole days. .S o d d i S as though nothing xuore was n « a r y —The family of Caleb and Ellico Benedict of New- those of Halifax, and were certainly not superior to elected: John H. Brady, President; W. &. Carlock^ than to let these two parties tight witht.eacb other. Canaan, Faiffieild County, Conn., coneiflts of 15 ohil- ihcse cf Quebec. Thearch'es were of wood and stained J. D. Howe, and John S. Vreelaod, Vioe-Preairloats; M?"lVonglusadmitsUprightofthe^»**&% dr*n,94grandchildren,and26greatgrttndohildren—in glass,anddisplayedakindofcheapcostlinessinwhichTT• . w ^ genemies.Revived. Thrtt We indignantly'repudiate the action of sclf- says, "That no' person heM to service, or laborThe resolutiors were unanimonsly adopted.Erastus Brooks moved a resolution pledging the Sfa'e Council to tlic earnestfeUppOrt of Bc'lunoi Evorett,imcue.ly adopted: . -received with hearty cheers. He said he might have Rwlrcd, Tbat the Superinteji.dont of Police be dir«ct«>rl totelegraphs be scn^:o Cov. Hunt aud Leslie Coombe of Kcitu:-ky, conveying intelligence of the acioh of tlio Council. Carrieo". Mr. Hallett hivir-g tlie privilege to send and pay for the di.spau-het>.Eraotutj BrookB moved that an official report of the proceedings be published by the officera of the Couucil. Adopted.George Morton of Now-York moved that the nomi- nation of proper persons as candidates to be trapoortedluaking jroviaion fcr new b- jiia it is. ezpudi-nt they sUouid be- .iunlt by tbe Department or by contract with boatbutldfiw.Sergeant Carey, of tl?e Fourth Precinct, was assigned to the Twentieth, and Sergeant Ccofts, of Inspector.1A voice—The gentleman himeelf i? out of order then.^ Tbe President— if the Kev. Mr. Yfedder L» preseit, for St-ite Offiobrs be referred to the State Committee this will be seen in the result oi the corr.i*-£ election. Hewill Le plcuae step forward?2\'a Bfcsponse beu»g nade, the President said there ap-pea/nd to be no c'ergyn'an present, aud we must, there- lore, dispense win prayer. The next business in order will bo to hand in the credentials of delegated. The duty o£ examining the cred^uthJa of delegare* will, I presume, devolve npon the presiding officer. He there/ore devolve j or delegates that duty on the iollow-ing Committee: James i>eiinis, of New York.A Vfict—"Be sa Kepubiicao," and hisses.The President continued—Morgtn L. Eilkins, ofAlbany. T r.with power. ' Carried. .A letter from Koswell Graves was read, to theCouncil,,.urging support of >hd Union candidates.On motion of C. S. Macomber, the Stite Committee was empowered to hx. the time and place of the nextmeeting of tbe Council.TheCouneil then adjourned with three cheers for theUnion Ticket. •./.MEETING OP TOE SCROGGS PARTY. SCHENECT ADY , Tuesday, Aug. 28,1SG9.Getcral Scroggs and his friends me,t at the Eagle Hotel.About sixty-live persons were present. .JKo ontaiders, except the Prec53. were admitted..A Committee en Credentials -was^ appointed; aleo,cane as one of this imm-nse crowd who intend to take Abraham Lincoln in tfrrir arms as they have him in their btarts, ard place him in the high- st office in the land. He referred to the queation cf Slavery and its extension, in the Territories, as the prominent question before the i^^^ple, and he felt to devote a few moments fo this qnestioa. The people are divided into parties. But apart from all partisan tie3, there is a deep- rooted attachment to the Union, and this tumult of partisan politicians .will eventnally be- re- buked. The J-Jreckinriflgo men say they are for the Constitution, but they interpret is to mean that flaves. are property, and can be carzied into the Territories and protected there as any ot^tr property. Tbe.Dorigla? men are also fortlie Co>astitnt?pn,bnt th^y interprr-t it to mean that the people shall exercise towsupply each person appointed to serve in the force,1 building, and through the various- galleries, which, -MOVEMENTS.full Also bisprcclamation Thefcrtwas attacked on the morning of the 6th inet., at daylight. The advance guard otf the expedition encountered a picket of the enemy t w o miles from the fort, and drove tbem in, with the loss of several filled. The main body rapidly followed up this advantage, and after an hour's hard fighting drove the enemy from the fort. The Hondurian forces were icported 400 strong. Walker took the Collector of the Port and a lieutenant prisoner, but subsequently released them. Re also to*>k 16 cannon, 125 stand of arm*, 1,800 pounds of powder, and a large quantity of mniitions, clothing, provisions, &c. Gen. Guardiolaapplied to Gen. Carrera, Dictator of Guatemala, for omittance, but was refuaed.The following is Walker's proclamation to the peo- ple if Honduras:The President (evidenty excited)—Gdftt'emen, Ishall act with ta»me«s and impArua.'ity. [Laughter the following Committee on Resolutions: Messrs. A. Squatter Sovereignty, modifitd, however, by the Drcd3C0 80 Prince, in the manner usual on such occasions. laid the 800 .84800 84 last atone, over the entrance to the tunnel; and snbae-and groans.] 1 assure gentlemen I did not know what J. H. Dcganne, J. W. IlusUd P. Cautine, Alanson Scott decision. That is, he ia in favor of claiming the Welch, G. W. Johnson/J. M. Harris,*R. C.Dom, and right of the people' to lr-giaiate in regard to the .domes-F-!ijiate CoiMiibii ..1.786 500 50 queitly, upon the center arch, fastened a little orna- Frigate itnrittn ..: ..1,720 SCO 50Cojvttte Uerojar.town .. y=i4 300 22 mental rivet of silver. The first of these proceedi&gsr.x.aie i:e politics of th« yexitlemen I have naned. [A Nelson Bftardsley.vcke, " Then we will appoiut men we do know.''Lond' laughter and derisive groaua.j Xow, geatle- While the Committee was absent the meeting wa:$ xnen, I si.aU act fairly and impartia lv to all. You addreet?cd by Mr. Scroggi?, who declared his adherencemay groan and hi»s as much as you tike, bu; I trus>t to American principles. He held that as there v^ero no • proper decorum will be preserved. Let us all be gM>d- distinctive American candidates in tho field for the of-fice of President and Vice-President of the United l^Ai'ijered- I see many here present who Xkaow-1^ bs S»atc-s, any American was av. liberty to support anygood-tempered men, and I see no occasion for excit> candidate tor these offices he chose. Believing this^ he stent. (8crogg6) chose to enpp^rt Linooliij as l>eing the near- A V oice—" Then don't crowd BUck Kepublicaus on *st representative, in hi^ judgment, of American prin-The Pre&ident continued to debate tSe power of tbe ciple*. .A» to the State candidates, he had hit owntic institutions of the South;, always understood, how--ever, that the Constitution oatabli^bes it, .and they haveSteamers.Orvot te It"if-hmond. Corvette .Penserola.i •• •300 18350 10 ..2,070 " • 800 IS .4*3,200 .600 12was witnessed by a great gathering of people, disposed in galleries and on the ground*; the second was iu a spot not so easily accessible. The layieg of the stonethe country back to the former policy, under which it proffered for seventy years. They meain if Mr. Breck- jnridgeis elected, lo abide by it. and tbe Union shall slarxi:ifKr.DouglasorMr.-B»llbeelectedthe.re- sultWill he the earns; and if Mr. Lincoln be elected, as we believe he will be, they intend in like manner to abide by the Constitution and the Union, and they intend others also shall. He fonr;d no difficulty inLord of Jefferson, one oi the Vice-Pre*»idmw; appeared • A. J. H. Dug-inne of New-York, from the Commit-. squaring hie action and votes with the Republican plat-" More than five yep.rs ago, I, with others, was in-- lution; the Columbus is more rotten t.imu the Pe.nn8y.l- through the affair; for he.gazed very querulously, aud vited to the Republic of Nicaragua, and was promised: mimchoir^h-'lcir-g tbul tae Pretident has the right to ibrin tieCommittee.When the Hon. George Btiggs appealed from the decision of the chair. _^':opinions, and should state them lit the proper time. Hespokeatlengthonthemeritsoftheconti-oversvin ri i^jd to the ut ion w:th the Douglas men, expressing bis opposition to such a coalition. ... v -vfixia; the Delaware is as useless a« the Columbus; when called upon to fulfill his own-part in the work, certain rights aud privileges on the condition of certain ar.dtheNew,Yorkisless6t>,'forshewa3neverlaunch- advancedwithanairofresignation,asifpreparedfor servicesrendered^theState. Woperformedtheser-Adorer^es were also made i^y Samuel Iloughtaling of The President refused to put the appeal, when ^. B. New-York, and J. S. Bobbins of Albany.ed at all, having been rotting ou her stocks during the Jac-fc 4*2years. The Columbus and tbe Raritan would re- cjuire more time, labor, and money to fit ihem out, than the builditg of three new fag'ates of their class. The Brooklyn ia efficient, but th;*re is a strong suspicion taking root among naval people that the Richmond and tie Pensacolh will he failure's. The Merrimack and Germantbwn aie g:od; so that instead of the eleven men-of-war, with an aggregate capacity of x'5,000 tuns, and able toaccomm;:date G,250 men, .more than half the entire manual material of our Navy, the "formi- dable naval resei'Ve " • of Norfolk, of which certainjouri alo liave recently been boasting, dw'ihdltjs downto live servicable national ships.—The mariner who committed euicide at the Brook- l}n Navy-Yard was buried .with military honor yester- dav. .any result, and quite indifferent' aa to the success or- vice required of us. but tbe existing authorities of Hon- duras joined a combination to drive us from Central failure cf his performance. At the risk of venturing America. In the course of even's tbe people of thotoo far within the province prepossessed by the dev- Bay Islands find themselves in nearly tbe sarnieposi-otees of private detail, I shall say.that his Highness ef- tion the Americans held in Nicaragoa in November, 1853.. The famo policy which led Guurdiola to make fected all that was expected of him, with no other sin- war on ns will induce him to drive the. people' of thecenemercd of peculiar importance, exceptirg p-»rhap3 ' by the parties just alluded to, who undoubtedly have their own vkws concerning it, which are not likely to be long conc-f aled. /After this pair of mechanical operations, everybody returned to a la-go hall near the railroad depot, where univereal attention was turned to a tirn&ly lancheon. Oh the way, a nnmber-of mtdale, commemorating the openir g of the bridge were pref ented to the Pritce and hii fcuite, an d to all other .persons directly concerned. The Prince's medal is of gold, and those of his party, and the chief engineer*; &.c, are of silver. A large number, intended for'tbe workmen, have been struck in bf.onae. They are all alike in design, and bear uponin iront of the P/estdent's seat, aud pnt the question, tc« on Kc«r ln'iots, reported as follows:and the eecitsion of the Chair was reversed. WTiercat. Dnring tho past twrtye mouth» our Am^rio*n party,iorm. The Republicans claim that the Constitution provides that C^Dgrees has the power to legislate for the people in the Territories while tbey remain in theSamuel Bichao;nd than moved a saspecaion of tha b( rn «f irinc«-re p*tilotiC irjipnl'e. and edited into action by therale*, uad the appointment of u Committee on Crsden naraw.onnt exie»-r>cie» of the iiatt"n, h^s been brought into utter - Territorial condition; but when that people comesgularity than that of choosing the wrong side of the:v*^-x<~y•v.'''NEW-YORK DAILY -TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29, I860;vparent emblem*, and with gas-lighta wreftt&e4 in fantastic and ingenious devices. Some of the larger public buildings were twined aU oyer with gas tube*, so that their outlines were vividly displayed In oyerj.*'Whereas, The American party has no nominees for Pjerrtdont A. V. V..Dodgeof Albany said information had andViie-Prp*iden*;ond,the best part of Friday, wholly ceased at 4 o'clock, the of rockets, and arrayed itself in a shining garb of bltwreached him that Mr.' Dennis was a Republican office- holder.Mr. Dennis—The charge is false, and the personthronged, notwitbHtanding tbe prodigious depth ot mud which the recent rains had created. The Princa Constitution recognized the doctrine that Slavery is a enteen honre. Enthusiasm kept open over night, like came down from his house to see the uhow, for theGeorge Briggs of New-York deprecated the nee ofgard to Slavery ? It was because the framers of the ordained a ceeeation of ceremonies for the space of sev- ' The resolution was then adopted, after coosiderablo locol and sectional institution; therefore they took careRuing vear. The Douglas Coalition Indorsed and Denounced. the Committee of ,tbtirty-two, who had, in order to de- Prettdentfeat the Republican candidates and promote the pro»- Vicc-Prcttide-nt......:...A.pects of the 8nccee3 of the Bell Everett ticket, united Secretaty £CIIKHRCTAI>Y, N. Y., Tuesday, Aug. 28, I860. j with the Douglas party in an El?ctoral ticket, with Treasurer.In pursuance of a call signed by Gnatavus Adolphus which tbey intended to carry the State against section- Sentinels. Scroggs, President of the State Council of the American alism. It had .been much canvassed ia tho p^perJ. H. DVQXSfSK. J. W . HrsTKO.,.W. V. UHAYTON. , <Anow.o WSLCK,but then it needs no protection by any Fugitive vocable and sufficient time, of which advantage might ramble bad to be given up. Until nearly midnight tbeSlave Jaw. But it cannot be general and have been taken, recommenced early in the morning, illuminations continued, and the crowds prowled.pecnh'ar property at the same time. The and spread additional discouragement. With spirits Tcere were a few excitements apart fromRepublican doctrine is the old doctrine on thissubjert—that this is merely loeal property. Indeed, thus diluted, the populace struggled in vain to be ac- those anticipated. The merry pickpocket wa»/a d de#exved disrepute through the m-chiea ,io: a of lt« corrupt/ ^n as a . S*.£te, it is for the people of the men tier** in co*Jition with tbe decna/0i;ue8 ot other parties; andislands from Honduras. A knowledge ot this fact has hammer to pound with—an. eccentricity which was not led certain residents of the islands to call on theJ^&Jffig'in power the paViy HtUa pUng it might be ^thought. CeneTtSTKRwet: that said organte**! n is destJiute of all the or party to whom such service shall be due.the power of the majority «hou!d be resorted to to re- ^ M u l h infusion again e:.sued, ^ ^ ^ T 5 J J tquest was made to allow the President to ?xp.iU hwpceitionv but afcer iome ^xe JohnJ,.Jiik^ ^ ^mgednismtrtiemxhat the Firs'. Vice-Presideat U<e^h«S " „ , , u that shouid <;hd»ac c.ueahe»ithy pojbcal orgaubation, It is enough to say that, the whole history ot the S S S f f f l K i k ^ o b j e c t otitsleadm in &f* State is to seenre conntry shows that tbey supposed Congress had power their-ownaggrandizement and the success of the DemocraticpiirtyThe retolotlons were^nanimonely adopted.Alanson Welch moved that the party return to theover tnis iosti'ution, and that t>e framers of the Con- edtution supposed it to exist by State law. The' Ordi- nance of 1787 provided that there should be no Slavery in the Territories; it in fact prohibited Slavery entirely.was hurrying to the bedside of her dying ^husband, who resideJnear Nepomet, Mass. Mr. McCormack. of Berg#ri Point N. J.; Mr..W. B. Davia, of No. 6*9 South street, and Mr. Hard, of No. 4 Beekroan street, New-York, and some others, took her casein hand, and through their exertions raised eomo twenty dolla-H for-her. Cait. Brown, of the Metropolis, not only gave her a free passage, refreshment, and anattendant,oiler the Prince's feather, with a scroll, upon whichthe word "Welcome" appears thrae time8; the wholeeiaur buA pot the quedtion, which was carried oy a original eystem of secres-y and by-wordf>.W«o majority. *."•"« ,", u n Mr Stokoley oppoeeu the motion to retnrn toBe- Two years after that, one of the firft acts of the 1stbeing surrounded with tne phrase.—" Visited Canala, i-r.o States. .Thus, the Nicsxaguane will secure a re- and inaugurated the Victoria Bridge, 1860." The turn to their adopted country, and the Bav Islanders Prince was soon afterward conducted through the will r.btaiu full guaranties fn;m the sovereignty underwhich they *tr<? to be placed by tbe treaty cf tbe 23thIn *K.-<x>rdWc with the vote, Cen. Prescott ap- efkm. The old syetem of granting charters and. col- prtatbed the diair, when Gen. S^.jggs ro*5, api lecting fceB bad been found unnecessarv. hot a »«cr?-snaking hands with Prescott re«yned t'je ohair to him tarv-<3-the <»rder had been chosen, who had not kept amidst lood a^phui&« and much ex itemeut. K money he had collected. He held aU wereCongress van to reenact virtually the Ordinance of 1787? From that time to 1848 the decisions were uni- form on thiB subject; but now, it is claimed on one hard that the Constitution carries Slavery wherever itvarious shops of the company, in which the machineswere all movirg, with tbe unusual investiture of nu- which we aim, we do not xoake war against the people merous ribands and flags, which darted aronnd ltt of Honduras, but enly against, a Government whfahstands in tho wayof the interests notonly of Honduraa - BV. ift circles, or fluttering rose and fell, or swung gaily but of all Central America. Tho people of Hondurasalong the lines of chains, coqueting with the grim may, therefore, rely on all the projection they may re- works in meet delightful freedom. After -thiB, at about quire for their righs, both of person and property.B Lo.d *od V a i t>. yiarp'Mj, be -*j»^u<j.t.-<i » Coiuu/itUm ou Cr»dwtW», to ex«mi«j« tlw M«M» and report the n*ru*» of d«te- v 'r» eatitUd to «*»t« la the S*M« Coancl, un.i ibe u^u.i-» of per mta*torpeimwM*ot0&r**»oftheCou»e.lforthoensaifi* j»*t.T i e rtoolntion 'Was adopted unauimously, amid ap-" My friends, this Is all right, we btfieve in the rigat 01 hired a wagon to convey the poo» woman to her anB-the ievidence prepared for him during his virit here.tk"fortb.nominaimofStaUiollicerabeheldatAl- bany on Thursday, Ootober 2T>.% . Keelerof Aloany (seconded tho motion. The delegate.from that city would pledge themselves that thev coul*- control it. , , ... ,*Jam.sDtm.iH of New-York favored the calling of a Stito Convention. ' ' f lMr.C*ntine<Ppofedthemotion.Ifub'.-ttecon- vention wa« called they would have to ncrmnate ation DMt la-1 night in the public house known as \' TheW e l t t d 2 i 3 ^ 2 d T e g a J rise toi make a utruigbt ticket, aud that none of them «i«hed to d<^ a conTt*^SSSS^S»*S the American Council today. latio, , ,Mr. Duganno moved as a HuU'itu** to appoint a iuiticsiu the way cf inngiJohn 8. Van Riper aud George W . Kiele/,8ecrotarids». all 137 pert on*, 119 of whom are living. The combined little natural or artificial grace appeared. The fredh and John McJ>hjfo, Treaaojttr, Last night a commitageecf Mrs. Benedict and her 14 children who are evergreens of Nova-Scotia, although roughly fitted to- tee cf five on By-Iniwa w*ro appointed, with hntr-ac- still living, is 797 years. Mre. Benedict is 77 years of gether and often very imperfect in proportion, were nous to report at tho noxt meeting. An election wa* age, eL'eye the best of health, is likely to live a num- infinitely fairer to sea. The illuminationa, however, then entered into, and J. S. Van Riper chosen Captain ber of y*nra, and to see tto Jifth generation, aa her ae the evening proved, were of the finest order. of the Company. - J election of Lisutenanta au4 oMo.-tgrtatgraiidchildUnowagirlof16yearsold.Hfc also fetttta if the Convention was c-dltd it weald he tu; *jS£* t>enni#~»o, I do not. be cootrolled by the name influeuceri whjLch coutioikd tell.low-nir: 1; ..Wh*r«», G. A.Bote*TM, ?r*',if»n*of.HieSiinwiouvlJouCbmmlttv*ofonefromeach.fudLiJDiBtact,emp>w- «r.dtocallaStateCoveniou,oractastueym.ny dum btfet for. tbn i.«tereK*s of tifO pwr2,«.Mr. K<-iei hoptd the ^u'l-ii'iuU W0«*i»J&»P &*?*#'>fiitiiO.tiaie•atis-'tHs.V1-:mC^otctt did c«U tUe St*te Couucli to tumv \a th» &nh tu»l., tadwV«- mfy .Untitled DocumentAlbany, who had sent up fifty men here to control the(Loins• Jjovwiuvinr.party, a large number of delegates purporting to rep- what these Union Electors were going to do ? Thev ' Mr. Cimtine moved that a State Committee ba ap- until lately, no Southern man has spoken of this as tively esci'ed. The crowds were too comfortlees to about and active, and aflbrdtd healthful exercise to tberesent that party have assembled here. were going to be elected, in .the first place. [Loud pointed, consisting of one from each Judicial District, otner than " our peculiar institution;" and only lately appear truly cheerful, and were, more given to the large band of special constables, who were perpetually < T&e business of the State, Council, under the Consti- cheers.] In the next place, knowing the men, he with the President as Chairman ex officio.One the^ Bell and Everett mero, is led by Erastua the Union Elfcroraf ticket.]Brooks, Ames H. Preecoit, and Jesse C. Dann, and Cnas. S. Macomb?r then addressed the Council ontoe other, the Lincoln, and 8am lin men, by Messrs. general politic:*! topics.Mr. Hust-ed moved that when the Couucil adjourn it mace in Congress in 1848, when this was spoken of as had assembled, with nmbrellaa in thoir bauds and spread extermination generally, so far aa in them lay.be subject to the call of the President and Secretary. a newly-discovered doctrine, and described bv Wm. loyalty in their hearts, the donble influence of which The hotels, again, resounded with execrations, for, asAdopted. Duer as thin meat—chicken-broth, fit only for oabie?. rendered them for a time insensible to atmospheric at Quebec, the sufferings of those who sought their Albany was designated as the place foi holding tha This dectriue of the power of Congress held bv'the Re-Itfccroggs, Lounsbury, Huested and others. The for- Erfcstus Brooks was then called out, and severelymerappearstohavealargemajorityinnumbers,commentedonthecourseofScroggsandHusked,thenextAnnualOuuciL publicanswasgoodWhigdoctrinein1848.Mr.S.quoted nclemencfes.The'Pjincewasmetuponawharf,shelterweretooheavytobeenduredineilence.But-while the latter have the orgaoization. * latter of whom had been bought by a miserable office President Scroggs then briefly returned thanks to his Whig speeches made then to establish this statement mott bounteously arched and evergreened, by the Weariness, at last overcamo all ; tbe pickpocket,a n dat the State Capitol, while the former has betrayed his friends for the manner in winch they had stood by him Stephen'A. Douglas then stood on the same grotind; Mayor of Montreal, "who, with scarlet robe encom- weighed down by fatigue and the treasure he had A T « « t •*<» was held this party, after enjoying a rich offioa, to which he wa3 to-day. He felt that they still maintsined the organv/v- and Squatter Sovereignty had not been discovered; ha passing him like a nimbus of civic glory; with a hat,^ S 2 S °i S ? **t'morning H. T. Stansbury of New-York presiding. A elected by American votes. He believed with thes^ tion as tbe Kegular American State'Council. (Loud maintained the earn*-, doctrine the Republicans now gathered to hiimelf; the " special" burdened by aCommittee was appointed, consisting of Jcnse C. Dann men all that was base and pordid in the American.party Applause.) •preach. Stephen A. Douglas is a man of considerable gentle curves and plumed adornments of which gained sense of his own importance, as well a? by excessiveJ o h n l , . Eyker, and Sam. Hallett. to wait on Mr hjid gone forth, and the Council was now purified. 8>crott8 and leanest him to resign his office and allowZl2?*'?v ?^to CaI1lhdConventiontoordor,on [Loudcheers.}Mr.BrookscontinuedtoBpeaka«t&BBSS p^^rogg3) SSopeul/ ^ *£? length in support of the principles and action of the American party.Six cheers were given for President Scroggs, and the meeting adjourned sine dic.ability, bold and unscrupulous; but one who labors fur tie hour, and for the success of the immediate object beforehim;consequentlyhehasleftaverycrookedgrace beyond the reach cf srt from the air of mild but labors; ihe traveler, borne down by grief and extor-^ S ^ * M r - Scrog«s replied that he had signified hie intention to support Mr. Lincoln only because he rec- ognized no American nominee in the field. He declinedrS5c*de t o "** proposition.L. S. PaTsona of Albany also addressed the Council atltngth.The Committer on Credentials reported the names of the delegates entitled *o seats in the Convention, 168This morning, the Prince attended divine service afc ing to view his entrance and his exit, and once orThe Committee the a proposed that he should recotr- Councils being represented.r C J L " T , 0 n *° *? m a d e b ? S*00TM1 Richmond in the The report was adopted and the delegates named ad-£ 2 2 S ? appou.tmg a Committee on Contested mitted to seats. '."••.SSSit J ? ^ - • ?^°8Z* siso wfneed to do, holding The Committee also reported the following officers-YOUNG MEN'S REPUBLICANUNION.twice a little cheering was attemptsi, but was re- and geis a foothold, and must be shut out by positive features with a glow of honorable pride, called up a games, and will receive an Indian name from the Iro-thaMtwanhis right, as President of the Council, tS tor the ensuing year: appoint tbe Committee on Credentials. v'OUUvI-> w Prenidrvt.When the Committee reported the result of the inter- Vice-Prttident Secretaryenactment, as alwajs has been done. He thanked quois tribe, which will be a terrible thing for the tele- SPEECHESOPTHE HON. ROBERT C.SCHENCK G.'d it, had been shut out fremthe Western Territory, flush, supposed to indicate expectant views of knight- graph. I suppose tba*. the Prioce will be distinguishedview JOthe caucus, it w*s resolved to meet in conven- ylmn'ifant Secretaryheld last evening at Stuyvesant Institute, .and, in spite After the Charleston Convention had broken to pieces, Iambonndfo say that the delivery of the Prince'stionnnder Mr. S<-roggs, and when the Committee on ^ g g 5 v a s announced, to move as an amondment t.^e substitution of the names agreed on by the Bell and ±.v«rett men.Mr. Douglas said in the Senate, while yat bidding forThe report was Adopted and the officers named elected of threatening clouds, a large audience was in attend- the Southern vote, that uncer this doc rine of his the arswer, which fol'owed, was not one half so magnifi-ance to welcome the Hon. Robert C. Schenck, wio had been announced lo epeak.of the'telegraph agent who shall receive the original from Montreal, or to the caprice of the copyist who re- cords it. It must be an awkward thing even for a Prince to have an Indian name which nobody can de-i.AMOS H. PRESCOTT, Herkimer, .JKSSK C. DAXK Erie..XVjt, D. MDKPHY, Albany...C S. MACOMBKK. Erie.AND DONNPIATTOPOHIO.A regular meeting of tho Young Men's Union wasfrom whence he came; and.it was from this exclusion?hey bed built up there such, magnificent empires.hood, to suffuse his countenance, and read, in sonoroustone and a trifling accent, the prepared address. Aud ing, each differing from the other according to the fancyamid loud cheers. ,-.Gen. Prescott, in an appropriate speech, returned thanks for the honor conferred upon him, and declared the belief that the present meeting of tbe Council,cert or stately. ?he was an old Whig of the Henry Clay school, andbecause he-upheld the principles" of Clay. In hisi, considerinc the occasion and the cause, the opimon,nomination of Lincoln was tho wisest and most Carpenter'8 Squad, to the Eighteenth Precinct.jndicioug that could have b<en made, and the proof of.The warrants of appointment to tie police force,rwith which the nev. law directs the Cvmnmi&ioners tonopoweiover it. The friends of Mr. Bell poiut to Cbi vtttf Brr okiyn.*their pludbrm, which is all Constitution—meaning that Finite Menimac.-there is nothing lo prevent them from coalescing with' Toti<!21,710 . 6,250 552 was a simple matter enough; the fastening of the sil-'Since sailed.any party anywhere. The Republicans claimthat they are . for the C^neti'ution; theyver cla?p was less so; and the extreme dexterity with which some of the workmen applied rivets of red-hotOn the other hand, the Douglas men say though theConstitution can-if-s it there, it must be governsdny but be was a contributor to the purse. It ought to be the people; yet, it always ben?g understood, according staved that when the woman was discovered hi03t uf to tuiie Supreme Court, they have no power over it. the jatbenger3 Lad retired. The conductor of the 1'he Brejcbinridge men savthat the Constituti n cames morning train from Fall River to Botton passed her Slaver v with it. and it is" right .that."Congress shou'dprotect it. We find Mr. Doug'aa saying to the ^ o r » ' over the road free, and Mr. Brown and Mr Hurd3 o'clock, the Prince waa driven tothehouee of Mr. " Iruxillu, Aug. 7,1U40. R< se, the Canadian Commissioner of Public W orks,WM. AVALKJSR.,»WIDK-AWAKKS.—This associajMr Welch's motion was withdrawn.Mr L Ti king of Albanv moved that the Conven- lar Soverc ignty-in tho people of the Territory bavmg b?nd. We iike to reco)d acts like these.FIFIKENTH W AU»the'neonle to govern thtm vlvee. we believe Jn popu-what inetitntions they pleaee." And then he says/to —The Duke of Newcastle writes the Mayor of Bosthe South, in a whisper, so the North cannot hoar-- ton that the Prince of Wales will visit that city about " But I want it understood that the-Constitution carries the 14th of October, and will be unable to remainSl« rc,'4 in Bkecker ctreet, near Mercer. Wm. H> Car-BiitUiigftt-Dgtt ThoargiLSa'entofthyDemocrat,is but a awindiejWhole,streetsblazedwithcoloredfires,with,trana-VSergeantswaspodtuouQ-iuatatheUVKXmeeUug,at te66 ^ jhave just, been prepared, and will be issued as soon aswere at that time almost vacant, although soon to be ing- filled with numerous productions of art and industryfrom all parts of the Province. Last, of all thepracticable..t « l l » — - I H * . .,1-1 .^>,GEN.WALKER'S Delia of theLij:«vof-bt.ttIe sbipPennsylvania...3241 Lhtv of bittle ship Coliuobua....,..2480 Lii.Y- of battle Bhip Dtlaw ore......,.2,6;J3 Lfnt'-of-battlef-hip New York.... ,.%,GSZ1.0--0 120—T.—;—i—8g| HMHMBHTerritories were acquired by the common THE VISIT OF THE PRINCE OF WALES* blood ard treapure of all the country; therefore; theyWhen the people wore represented by delegates who Frcm Our Own Reporter. American State Council. He thought that bad men assembled to form a Constitution, there were Freepart of the city. The suburbs were brilliant witlr bonfires, and from many of the ships in the St. Law-Gen. Scroggs suggested tho following as a substitute Slavery was a local institution; or else why ehonld ing until Saturday morning. According'to unvarying rence clusters of lanterns hung profusely, the riverfor the whole:Whereat, It Is not deemed advisable to nohikurie ao American StnteMckot; therefore,Revolved. That the Americans of this State be at liberty to vote OHtheirjudgment and consciencesnmy dictate. •, '•.The resolution wa^ greeted with loud applause, and euch language, and moved th.e expuUion of the paraon cries of "That :e right/'Mr. C. S. Mycombtr suggested to lay the resolution were plentiful in Albany, particularly when they were States and Slave States; then was this question of The President Grossly Insulted. on tbe table until a permanent organization was advised by The N. Y. Exprtsz. , Slavery to be decided. Tho Free States agreed thatMONTREAL, Aug. 26,1860. It "was a great mistake to postpone the Prince's land-Ii1:iti9tj !1effected. Agreed to.James Dennis again attempted to take the floor, butprecedent, the rain, which had fallen violently during reflecting all. The Victoria Bridge sent np thousand*wa3 csl'ed to ordertLey have noticed it at all ? There were other kinds ofproperty then as now; but we find nothing eaid aboutthisgeneralpropertyinhorsesandcowsandotherthings,for the laws of all localities recognized the generalproperty in these things, and they needed no such rec-ognition. But why was there a provigision with re- given no just cause, the authorises had by that timeopposition from Meesrs, Duganne, Tilkins, Keeler, and to epehk of it as a property " held according to laws champagne, muet lose its sparkle. The city, which unceremonious enjoyment of which he had made other Albany delegate*. thereof" in any State. Republicans claim that the was thoroughly effervescent, and ready to bubble joy- secret arrangements; but the connpicuousness of Gen. Tho following ofikers were then elected for the on-* Constitution establishes cOne but free institutions, ootly on Friday afternoon, was on Saturday quite Williams, who, in uniform, undertook to acompanjthank God. If this property in slaves is general prop-CLT8TAVUS ADOLPHUS SCROGGS. erty, tht-y have a nght to take it into the Territories; tame and dull. The storm, too, after waiting a rea- the party, at once betrayed them, and the proposedtions,allfoundreliefinsleepyretirement.Thenthe After the adjournment of tho Council qu'te a large record. Mr. Dougla3 quotes Clay and Webster in in bland gesticulation; with troweers banded like a light? vanished, and the city waa silent.audience assembled opposite Given's Hotel, where ad- dresfces were delivered by John L.. Kyker, of New- Y< i*k, and C. S: Macomber, of Buil'alo, whose remarks were received with loud applause, especially whan advocating the support of the Union ticket.suppoit of this doctrine of Squatter Sovereignty—men municipal Armadillo; wi*ih sword of bodkin powerwho always opposed the extension of Slavery. Yet and brightest polish; with everything, indeed, so an • the Cathedral. There were numbers of persona wait-At about 10 o'clock the Prince, supported by a longoat success, the reply being a plice not yet decided, but tives, would be found the .best movement ever mide in France under Frank Pierce's Administration). Mr. wanted. What a bid this was to have th<vn appcand the company of "Boston Fusileera," passed freaks, there will be a levee, and in the evening a ball,Several applications were then made to Mr. Scro/Hra to ascertain where the Convention was-to inert, wfth-The Chairman introcneed to the audience Mr. Donn although called'by the President for unworthy mo- Piatt, of Ohio (who was Secretary of Le^a'tion to•would be announced before 12 o'clock. behalf of the American party, and would be felt in the P I A T T said, his appearance was a sort of casualty, go t o . Baltimore and *vote for him. Such through some of the principal streets to the building of which is held in greav expectation here. It was announced in cauens that a picked guard had increaeed Union vrte of the State. His remarks were entirely unexpected. He should like the old preacher was Mr. Dctiglas's own undent-anting of hisfceen appointed to watch Mr. S^rogg*, and track out received with loud applaune. who treated of the world, the flesh, and the devil, doctrine ?f Squatter Sovereignty—that it makes slave the Industrial Exhibition, which he h-id agreed to^for- I learn tbat during the firing of the salutes on boardtne place of meeting, ahou.d any attempt be made to '•L. S. Par.-ons moved the appointment of a Com- finst notice the question of life, which was Republican- terrritory for the South—in the last speech he made in mally open. From the windows of the houses along the Flying-Fish and Valorous, four sailors were killedconceal it. None, however, is apprehended The mittee of fifteen as a State Committee for the ensuing ism; the touch on the fleth, which was Breckinridge, the. councils of the nation. How can old Whigs make the way, ladies gazed delighted, and offered aniablaChances of a general row appear gxxi. MEETING OF THE CONVENTION'.\ u e Convention was ccled at Anthony Hall, noticetothateffectLavingt>e*neivenbyGeneralSo.'OggSto L.W.TRrku,J.C.Wager, New-York;N.B. Lord JetTerm/n; Breckinridge party as a party who won/d haveJeeev C- I>aun, and others i>f Oite Bell-Everett comtnic- M. Stroug, .Monroe; Jesse C, Daun, Erie; Abel Smith, Schenoc- tee, shortly before twelve o'clock. tatJy.no strength', but for the offices and spoils. The tbey are now etr-kiog hands with one who had re- greetings to the honored visitor as he passed by. Mauyec-calltd Beueverett party was made, up of nice old newed the agitation by repealing the Missouri Com- from ships with lees than ten guns. Imperfect spongingpromise. As quoted, from a speech, made by platforms had been erected by over-confident purvey- waa doubtless tbe direct cause of all the accidents. Theyear. Carried." !!••'•'The following State Committee was appointed:—>md then "go straight to the devil," which was fusion in alliance with these Douglas men. He referred to a recognitions by much flutteriug of handkerchiefs and by the prematare discharge of guns. Three of these New-York. He had always been a Democrat till 1856, pledge made in 1850, never to support a man for any smiles sweetened for the occasion. TLe sidewalks wcre blown overboard from the Flying Fish, whichErantus Brccka, New-Y ork; L. S. Pardons, A. H. Ciihoun,C. K. >Adams, Albany; Harvoy Smith, Renssrlaer; It. J.Stevens,OnondnicN: B. S. Sweet, IMog^; Lorenzo Burrows. Orleaim; health, and never returned. He referred to the among others by Wm. Duer and James Brooks.# Yetv*hen the Democratic party went S.'Uth for its. office who renewed the agitation* of th« question of Slavery; signed by many members of Congreps, andwere not so attractively filled, creatures of the oppo-has or%' six pieces, very rapid use of which ia neces-Tie delegates at once r»{)airfcd to the hall, whore, at On motion,lhe names of Harlow Hakes, of Steuben,nbontqanrtertotw«-lv»«,somehundredandtwenty andt.)k«Hon.GeorgoBriggp,ofNow-York,woreadded gentlemen—whoreallyproposednothingatall. The Mr,Douglas,in1849,hiregardtotheMissouriCom- orsofpublicaccommodation,inwhosecasevaultingdelegates were assembled.Eisstos Brooks being recognized, was loudly ap-to the Committee.',.7 L-Biker moved that tho S a1* Committee shallparty cf Stephen Arnold Douglae^—which at present cam oo be found, lor it is out iu search of its mother— proposes, as a panacea for all the political trouble?,promise, when be hoped " n o ruthless hand would be jeculets enough to disturb it." Jn the proposed fusion,speculation o'erleaped itself, for the patronage, partlyfour men who served the vents at the time had the thumbs of tie right hand blown away.fRy Telegraph. 1MONTREAL, Tuesday, Aug. 28,1860. The ball last night far superseded tbe other festivi- ties. ItcameofTinasplendidbuilding,-especiallyerected by private enterprise, within eight weeks. It is circular, of three hundred feet diameter, and lighted by two rbonpnnd g*:s lamps, arranged in concentric cir- cles round the orchestra, in the center, with galleries all round, under which' are placed refrefchment and dressing rooms. '*»jThe "decoi-aticns are ei-xple but effective. The ar-rangements were excellent, tbe music good, and tho supper tables well supplied with fountains of cham- paigre$>nd claret, aleo with jets of Eau de Cologne, L-tvender, &e. •The Hcene from the galleries was majmifiuent; «LT thousand pereors were present, including the Prince, the Governor General, Earl Mulgrave, Lord Lyons,Duke of Newcastle, Karl St. Germain, Sir F*n *iok Williams, Admiral Milne, Gon. Bruce, Marquis and Marchioness Chandoe, Lady Franklin, and a number of military and naval officers.The Prince arrived at 10 o'clock, and opened the ball with Mrs. John Young. At 1 o clock the Prince went to supper. IIo danced eve-ry dat;ce but o n e - twenty -one danccp—and Icfc abont 4 o'clock.To-day the Prince and suite left by a traia for Dick- inson Landing, C. W., returning by boat, running aU rapide, in time to attend the musical festival this even-plauded, but declined iti invitation to speak.Chavles 8. Maeomber, of Bofialo, was called out,advipff] them to go elsewhere to try to eucceed hotter.on account of the rain and partly on account of the sive power to grant charters to newly organized coun- simply Squatter Sovereignty. He referred to the pro- the Bell men seem to pay always a secondpart, and he fragile manner in which the benches were put together,•have power .'o convene the State Council, with exclu-and wad the old line Americaus were hwre in a body cil?; tonVti-rmin.'j the regularity of alt councils now in posed coalition between these nice old gentleaien and M. S. tbf'TO psid a glowirg tribute to the worth, ability, was limited to a most profitless degree. On reachingiwm Butfalo, xepreseutiog every couucil in that ciiv, existence, and all qnef.tion<»r«»la'iDg thereto; and in the the Squatter-Sovereignty men, as an attempt to sellout and honesty of Abraham Lincoln, and answered all the Exhibition BuildiDg, the Prince was welcomed by CityofSew-YorktheGeneralComaiktee,ofwhich theDemocraticparty*byafewmenacrossamahogany the8<i-calledobjectionsagainsthimbyDemocrats.Mr.to repudiate the attempted sale of tbe Americana o the A. S. Jones> is President, shall have full and final table. Thisstyle would certainly not do for old-fash- Solun-k's remarks Wrre lift ned to "with great atten- the heartiest cheeringhehadyetreceived; and on enter- 3£*pub)icax.s by Genfrhl S<Togg8. fLend aoplanse.j pr.w<=r, whjert to the foregoing authority. ionrd Democrats. Ho gave a most laughable account tion and elicited great applause. After a song by Mr ing, and taiing his place upon the steps leading to theIbree ciders were then given for Bell and Everett, Rewired, Ilia*, the o£Cc«?ri) of the State Council shall be mem- of the cry which is raised of ' Save the Union.' The Cook, the meeting adjourned. three for Erastas Brooks, three for Washington Hunt, b^r» ex officio for purpost re above trrontionr-d. cnly threats of disunion came from the South; andthrone, he found the entire assembly on their feet,and three for the Arae/icnns of Buffalo. Rehired. Th«tthi* Council heartily indorse the action of the tbey will not amount to anything as long as there isand awaiting the signal for a general expression of sat- CoBi?,nssioNERS OF POLICE.--The Police Commis- isfaction at his appearance. The lo wer part of the vastI••••••— I—•..^•H•••!'!THE NAVAT. KESFRVK AT NoKFOLK.—We subjoin Kalklujah. chorus was sung, with vigor and an exhibit of the Naval Reserve at. Norfolk. The force altogether unexpected. The Prince then men and gnns are inferred to give an idea Of the rate withdrew, and drove lapidly to the station of the of e^ch vest el, but are not at present on board, of. Grand Trunk Railroad, where a special car was readyThe N. O...1.931 • ..2,158The Pennsylvania ia worthless for iall purposes, saveyeiiTS that her rotten limbers may be kept from disso- part of the Prince as to his chances of Cirryiugare conservative above all paities. They claimthat the Constitution shall be preserved^y carrying, to act ir: her piesei.t capacity as guard-ship for the few iron seemed to excite a particu'ar doubt on theIconscious dignity with which it was wafted to and fronearly all the Territorial bills reported by Mr. Douglasadmit the doctrine of the power.cf Congress. Thepeople of the Territories must be trained up in thelove of free institntions-, so tbey may adhere to of just, and comprehensive force, stepped forward, pressed. To-morrow he will witness some Indian tbem. Slavery is a thing that creeps in, and sneaks in, •courteously inclined his entire form, iHumined hisuterably gorgeous about him that the rhetoric of an unxomantic age strives fruitlessly to yield descriptionpeople of New-Mexico hud established Slavery in aTerritory larger, than New-York, g-v'.ng .'them moreSlave territory than they had claimed, by a degree anda half: and he asked the South what • more they and rather inferefetingprocesaon, in the course of which cipher. or pronounce correctly. Beside the Indiansary in^ a ealtitc of twenty-one guns. Excepting in * sitesexflinginglessdainty,thoughmoredemorstrativo, extraordinarycafes,salutesaienotallowedtobefiredSKturdav afternoon, the Prince being nowhere ex-poi-ed to public view, was given over by the crowds ofvisitors to inspection of etroot decorations aud the pre- lock, Vice-President, in the Chair, in the absence of parations for the impending iUumioation.. The decora- Jol n H. Brady, tbe President. At the last meeting tions wer* inferior, both in number and. iu beauty, to the following offlers of the civic association wereby eome fifty differf nt Indian titles oa Tuesday morn-24th,count of the capture of Truxillo by Walker.November. 1859. To obtain, however, the object atscontains aa c -••••••'•''• •;ZSW"'.. • . • S^«^^j^«j^|ig»ig^^^^^ji^l^^^ .22Linrnnni -'- . , I , . I . , . I. . .- "mmThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com/ 