 Krs ^itfcant so xrxstph agy<*ry day that Garth*!*c hj autifoJ n^oiij^Igiy!^ agreeable rfadorg, from *-'Vaaari" downward, and Mr.• - : ^^m^dents as only applicable to precisely^the ^same posture:of facts, wtiich can no more occur agn^n than "twof tBe tvirV I K a d e ^ ^ mid * thower of\|i|feiTaab* will find curious gleaniugs respecting all the above-natned brothers of the brush.the aphorism of Bacon, that it is not less true in thishuman kingdom than in God's kingdom of heaven thatno man shaH'enter into it except he becomes first like Cpircepondcnce. of Tie R. Y. Tribune. . .fcndf and » p*ngna4|J t —The Bampton Lecturss have altracted uuusualMAf>RAOTiCE---CoRoKKtt^ Xtn^otMir, ^ ; SARATOGA SP A, Aug. 8, I860.;; Judge Wilde used to say, no one clra tell what it is door was then opened ana the cotton dragged forth, —The inquest on the, body of Robert Foster, a chfltfbead of GaribaJd&^ J Bourbons! t>*a|fej|i rkept her ph*c* as. W . jourageoua attito^UlJ noe thai day the w<^ eld*sacred. VrTJ^^T bo*f Tow and bleii^fe ecu Garibaldi b h , ^ W8 her ae if she ^ ^ ,sy. »K ray a newest announcekppears&wdrkVy ^Jrbicbnonoteof prep*^ie Anwrkan pubrwb^g,ions history, and fe^a little child.- Throughout bis address Prof. Alexander, caliber of Mw«xs Manfell and Rawliuson. The ne * insisted on the necessity of this child-like freedom from,his> work, and we-aatr mncible' ArTOadV' *Usr* to that Which raspir*4 n ibe subject, t Mr. Hot- oarded byiany copyright t three or foar piractic*f j, are. on sale there. Ag jd. this can be preT^atedin the two countriesing, the c'ty authorities, the Local Committee, and the Railroad and Steamboat Companies were then passed, and the Association adjourned.The afternoon session opened with prayer by theRev. Dr. Hoes of Ulster. Dr. Marsh then read a se-ries of resolutions, denouncing poisonous liquors, ask-ing for prohibition, and demanding its incorporationinto the organic law of the State; calling for the notpi-«aiion of Temperance men, without forming a Tem-perance political party; appealing to clefgvoaen tocountenance the cause more fully, and asking the- Chief Justice has sot been sustained by them. church to contribute to the cans'); encouraging theodon.>f information about the*be admitted to the full honors of an R. A. There are Professor, in company with Mr. Wm. P . Blake, took two painters, twelve sculptors, thirteen architects, and before the learned men in ancient bones. This is thefollowed in a most interesting history of his experience as a Temperance man and preacher of Temperance. Ten years ago, there were seventy places where liquors were sold in Hartford; last Winter, there were700 such places; but Temperance had a happier effect in ibe rural villages. Dr. Jewett followed, and said that Bobton was never so drunken as now. He divided tbe liquor-sellers into three classes, and stated that the third claps, like No. 3 mackerel, were exceedingly mean, and this claps had been driven from the country into the City of, Boston. Dr. Marsh ' said there are four millions of persons in this country who do not drink at all, and that, in proportion to the population, there is not as much intemperance aa formerly, but tfcat the poisonous nature of the liquors gave a sudden ai d startling development of drunkenness. The Rev. BJr. Srjyder of Jefferson County said that lager beer and domettic wines tended vastly to increase the evil of drunkenn'f ee. . The. Rev. Mr. Jackson of Maine next ppoke to tbe resolutions before the Convention. The Rev. Mr. Crampton insisted that the people—the young men especially—were not educated prooerly in the di- reciicn of the pledge. The Rev. Mr. Newton of New- Tork referred to the prevalence of drunkenness in the City of New-York. Mr. Sm th of Delaware made a few remarks. On motion of Gen. Smith, who left the chair for tbat.purpose, the four old pioneers, .whose names have been mentioned elsewhere, were elected honorary members of tbe State Temperance Society. On motion of ex-Senator Ryder, the meeting ad- journed to meet again at 8 o'clock, to hear a Tem- ptrance sermon by" the Rev. Mr. Seely of Albany.leaving this city.The trip of the Club last season wasby Mr. Fotter, who stated that the chUd was fn convalsiana; I • went home witi> him, when he remarked that the druggist who bad made up the prescription bad said it was very strong for aa infant; I prescribed two grains of opiaro fn four powders; I did . not intena to give opium at all. but intended to give rhubarb: 1 have had considerable trouble of late in my family, and mr mind was somewhat discomposed in consequence; J bad an adult pa-ed by Mr. Murray, who md Correspondence of KJBt&v -Speaker oP the-edited by his son', the-xd volnme of the new e New-Y ork Historical and is intended to com- tire collections, trausae- Jociety, affording a key nation scattered through have brought out under pared by the librarian,trill shortly appear under nderstood that the Kev. retire from" the editorial p has not been fortunate, round as a literarjr and of Lockhart.- The^conv i party organization of ess of the weekly press, ince in .political matters, the best way of meeting seuing an extra number roe in 1831. Except an hj Mr. John Forster of ie Csravaggio style, all i been little of literary rs of the Review being l clergymen articles on n of the poor, amateurfathers written iy their sons and daughters which awarded as follows: First prize, Freshmen—S. G. have recently appeared, it is very badly done. Though Laptam, CanaDdaigua, N. Y.; second do., W. G.The Convention has been well attended. c w. B. Biajelow, in his elevation upon the bench, has not for- gotten that he was once a practitioner, and has a fellowreport presented by Justice Welsh, from the Com- mittee on Laws and Ordinances, relative to a request of the Warden of the Pennitentiary, that persons who are repeatedly brought before them for intoxica- tion should be sent as vagrants to BlackweU'a Island, instead of being fined or committed to the City Prisons for ten days, in default of paying the fine. This re- quest of the Warden met with the approval of the Commissioners of Public 'Charities and Correction, and as soon as received it wasreferred hy the Board to the above Committee, who reported that they couldwas then examined in the prescribed manner. He stated tbat he was a native of Scotland, 25 years cf ago, and a phyuician by occupation. In relation to the charge against him he replied." My mind was very much troubled when I ordered the medi- cine. Although 1 very much rorret having administered Opium inetesd of rhubarb, L do not think that the death of the child araa occasioned by tho opium it took on ace unt of tbe small quan- tity it swallcwed and the length of • ime (16 hours)' that olap*ed , before it died. The mother state* that only one third of a powder was given which reduces the dose to l-0th of a grain, aud the , father states that one half of tbat quantity was lost la aduiinl*ler- irgit."that the'Reformation in o» against theBuddhist races had superinduced The appearance of such >rk is a disgrace to En- arded on the continent* Crowninshield Libra , , was a great pecuniary busings tact with which ie voyages, known fromJ Collection of Hulsius," te parts, in various lan- I the more famous col- or £335; the large 's works, brought re]•drawings left by the la'-.e Sir Thomas Lawrence c their collector $200,000 and were sold, after his dea for very large sums. The British Mus*nm has recenjJyField of "Majthorough and Henry Shipley of San Fran- ci8*o.Preceded by Gilmore's Band of Boston, the Alumni proceeded to the church to listen to an address from Pres. M» rch of Lafayette College, Pa. His subject was " Language."Beyrout; but this is only a temporary arrangement. Something must be done for the starving, homeless thousands who are now hiding in. caves and other secret places until peace shall be declared.Beyrout is no longer a place of safety for Christians. Motlem fanaticism is now fully aroused, and the Turk- ish Government has found it necessary to station a platoon of. soldiers in every Consul's house for their protection. Thousands of the Christian refugees, and large numbers of the native residents, have fled theShe is at Philadelphia, where operations will be imme-in the delicate Italianiy's' Diary and Letters" the pale, stately, hand- satedat Windsor, whose !d relaxationsfrom busi— indulgedin.Likeevery diary (ansuspected, we ease;, and we are now " The Autobiography Mrs. Delany, attachedsen Charlotte, with her g iirtinguished personag**, ture of the Court of asbk>nable society frojft- Extry nearly to its clo»e- Hanover. Among tb«- etters of Wesley, Df- ie volumes, 8vo., vrithtruthfulness, and conscientious love for the beautiful,could be the natural growth of the school of art whichflourished under the first Empire, and under the Bour-tween the ages of 5 and 20 years, and consequeniy there were more than 700,000 children- and youth still neglected in our State. Here is our work: can tbey be reached 1 There were, it was stated, 663,124 fami-•THECHIEF'JUSTICE •;:.•• SETTS.OFMASSACIIU-••:, with the following result. The first test was with-^^^J^^iljlil^....*'i.•••'•/.••»'•• * — • ; — — —%—attention einco they have been preached by m«n.of thebent and prejudice if we would really advancs the cause of s ience or any other.Dr. Gould was appointed a Committee to report to the next meetirg on the history and present sta*.e of tbe 'application of telegraphic methods to astronom- ical observation and to the determination of longitude.,Prof. Wm. B. Rogers was invited to give a lecture on the present state of the theory of binocular vision, and Prof. Newberry to lecture on the Fossil botany of the Ui.ited States.-Prof. Bache of the Committee on Weights and Mea- sures reported that nothing definite had been done, and he was continued with power to open correspondence. A number of Committees were discharged. Capt. Hunt cf the Abbreviating Committee reported " Am. Assn. Sci." as the abbreviation of the tide of the Asso ciation. Prof. Bache of the Committee on Dr. Hayes's Expedition reported the facts known to the readers ofa«;ish and Dutch. ttijUfc- troductory Essay on English Freedom under the Plan- THE TRIBUNE. Prof.Chauvenet. Chairman of the Com-tagenet and Tudor Sovereigns." Lvoldme.ed history of the origanah Armada," by. £ | | | -. —T . O. H . P . Burnbam of Boston announces a "Solar parallax, reported no progress, and the Com- of the 1) atcb ReptxbKc.**' History of the. Council of Kite;, by Daau Dadley. mittee was discharged. -the writer's csnvaggj*, Stem, the:table of contents, we presume the work will The usual votes of thanks to the officers of the meet-seriM for the present year is entitled "Sunday—itsorigin, history, and prstent obseryauce considered in •eight sermons, by the Rev. J. A. Harden, preacher tothe Honorable Society of Gray's Inn."—Mrs. Austin, ibe'accomplidied'trasBlattt- font the Oerman, has in press the posthumous writings of her husband, the late Prof. Austin; and Mr. Murray will shortly publish " Treatise of General Jurisprudence, or Philosophy of I>uxe Legislation, iocluding a n?w edi- tion of the Province of Jurisprudence JDefihed," thechief work that Prof. Austin published m bis lifetime, and now out of print.—Mr.John Forster is continuing bis Studies of the Commonwealth neriod of Eoriish History, and now announces uniform with his lately-issued '' Arrest of the Five Members, "the" Debates on the Grand Remon-stance, he laid down admirably the principles of the hold of a vessel, there being in the apartment three fhows that when the doctor was called to see the childrelative rights of all men W the use of common prop- doors and two windows through wMch the gas he prescribed two grains of opium, n portion of wbiob erty, such as ways, water, and air; and pointed outthe mode of determining iow one man's rights escaped, the trial was not considered a fair test with only was given, but which threw the child ratocon-were limited by another's. Some admirable opinions regard to cotton. Capt. Story advisee the sotton trial vubdons, resulting in death. The substance of the toe- •of his relative to water courees, the right to take ice Ito he made in an iron tank or hold of a vesoel, when timony was a* follows: .*.-.«n<!?. from the Deat&g-•b of CHdon Banwveldi, fctranc*, November and December. 3641, with an In-paper were thrown into the room. After the experi-' two frraina of* opium forming1 a part of it: he totd tbe eiork not tm makeitao atrona,-when the latWreplied ftvratnothb buaineaab**., ments had ceased, they were examined, and found not tha*. of tbe'doctor who wroto the preBcripdon; on taklnatbe med-*at all soiled. This test of the cards and paper was iHnfhome, onlyone-bsJf of one of the powder* waa given to tbe child, and 13 minute* «f'er it bad been edmintxtemd the infant trmm-be full snd minutedno insurance can redeem.' _—*' The Great Sahara, Or Wanderings South of theAtlas Mountains," by H. B. Tristram is the promisingtitle of a new book of travels, amotg the late English Most of the members left last night. After the de- announcements."THE AGATE CLUB.—This Association, composed mainly of New-York Morning Paper Printers, will leave to-day at l,n;m., from the foot of Pike street, E. R., on thei$$ecojnja. Annual Excursion. They have chattered and\protisioned for a fifteen days' cruise the sloop.yaclit Naugatuck, which, in sailing qualities and general appearance, will compare favorably with some of the vessels of the Yacht Squadron. Their contem-Macdonald Allen testified— 1 reside at Ko. 447 Grand street and am a physician ; I called to see Mix Foster at the request sic New-Bedford, Newport, Rock Island, New-London, Dr. Burke, who had charge of her pr«*viously; ot»,Mond*r I and New-Haven—making Boston their first port after prescribed'the pr<*s<;ription iliowu, and the next day J was cauedARTITEMS.livery of his address, the news of the serious illness of his wife was communicated to Prof. Alexander, and he left immediately for Piinceton.I omitted to state that the visit to the Fort on Satur- day was tbe means of the discovery, by Prof. Wm. B. Rogers, of a fossil bone, apparently a fore-arm, in thehad aaid,'it was decided to give osly a third of one- powder7tb.brwas jrfv< n in a teaspoon, but a part of ft ran down the oerners *t v the child'a -month; sh«» thought, however, be swallowed tbe whole of it. as she put that which ran out hock erain t soon afterward the convulsion* ensued, and ther g*v« the child eight drops of castor oil and half a teaspoonful of chicken grease. fTb» remainder of wituees's to-tiinony corroborated that ot ber bns- tandj.\< /% &|Awiti•r#.•M&RM<mw mEis«wIm-'•'.w m1%—^English artists who are ambitious of becoming Royal Academicians are obliged to entertheir names asformation of juvenile societies, and congratulating the friends of Temperance in England for their efforts to supprees intemperance. Billy J. Clark, James Mott, ard Mr. HecocK, three venerable men who signed theShaw and Parsons mitst be regarded as the chief lights, of the Massachusetts bench. The latter differs from the former in his scientific precision, but they had a similarity in judicial manners. Choate was once ex- asperated to say of Chief-Justice Shaw, he isnolmoyer, but a great gentleman, an antithesis so striking that it cannot be forgotten. And I have heard Judge Wilde relate of Chief-Justice Parsons, that he was eo unpopu- lar at Nisi Prius that on one occasion, when the Suffolk bar ascertained he was about to hold Court in Boston, they had a meeting and chose a committee who waited upon him, and expressed to him that, while the bar ad- miredhim asagreaf judge, they would take it as a favor if he would send an associate to hold the proposed court And their request was granted.Of course rumor is very busy to anticipate, the Governor in appointing a new Chief Justice. If Judge j Fletcher had continued upon the bench, he would have been likely to be appointed. Judge Hoar is nobly quali- fied, not only by his rare-.perception and devotion tolaw as a science, but by his high tone of moral senti- ment. Perhaps he is too young. We think Judge Bigelow would be -the best appointment under all cir- cumstances. He bas had much experience, and is just the right age, and many years of great usefulness might be anticipated from him. He would infuse new vigor into the bench, and greatly facilitate, the disf patch of business. He has been very popular as a Judge, and has b*en distinguished by a rare combination of deliberation with dispatch. His mHiiner is admirable-^mazn'tfcr in modorfor tiler in re. \ Like Judge Wilde, he bas been noted for giving every lawyer his exact due, and not allowing the older and better established.to put themselves forward- and gain his notice at the .expense of the younger. Though mild, he is determined, and has efiectually put down one or two roughs, who have built up their reputation among the koipolloi by bluster and swagger. Judge; placed route includes Boston, Plymouth Eock, Nahant,b resident for the timerants for the early aa- candidates for asscciate Academicians before they can Portland stone there found. On Monday morning, the1 <d them. We know of a few good original drawin, place to be called a collection. *In England, there arfeje<t&i Asingularwantfc present number, which ' scattered in various portfolios, but not enough in onto prove that Stonehengsamong other discoveries, a good many coD^ctions of' very great value. Tn the past \ ear, viz.: Alonzo A, GraVj the Rev. J P.More than 5;000 fugitives nave been supported byas to make the record of previous convictions for in-toxication prima facie evidence of vagrancy, so as to oiium. She had recently hii* a quarrel with h*r mother, and\NBWJ-OKT, Thursday, Aug. 0, I860^ The Association finally adjourned yesterday. My, , •' , and VKJOUK nasTROrmt: The only tnrly reliable articles to exterminate Bedbug*, Cv*>purchased 134 of these drawing-*, moat of themand ink, for which th*y paid $12,000. Among .thewere drawings and sketches by Masacno,. Lorenzo dfCr&H, F/a Bartolommeo, Perugioo, Miciael Ang-rio,Raphael, Parmigians, Correggio, Hans Holbein, Ru-bens, Rembrandt, and Andrea Mantegna. They were Horace Maynard on " Political Education," and thepurcbaeed to render still richer the very valuable collec-tion of drawings which the Museum already possessed. /What treasures of art might not New-York possess if only a tithe of the money wasted by our City Fathers 5n Japanese entertainments were expended in objects Ofpermanent value for the improvement of the people!annual reunion of the Literary Societies; this eveninga concert by Gilmore's Band and meetings of the ?secret societies; and to-morrow the.exercises of Com- mencement proper.American missionaries, aided by the guards from thehotel servants..'—In mentioning the portraits of the Governors in9j ''BibliothecaSpencen- the City Hall last week, we might have enumerated Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune. .having failed to report himself for duty upon the expi- The Navy Department having received the report of ration of a leave of absence. Several policemen were•:.. ..President of the Aseedation. He commenced with NEW-YQRK STATE TEMPERANCE SO- symmetry. In one of hw.opiniohs he epeaVs of prece- board and two i!»arrelg; the match was then applied.ITvery large torn of $6,344. St. Stephen's, in Twettljr*mittee on the Second Expedition, to determine thevpledge fifty-two years ago. Billy J. Clark, esq., made now among the applicants for the present year forty- casts of it, and facsimiles of it will soon be placed- a telling speech. The Rev. Dr. Hawes of Hartfordtury, which it is tV fax engravers; and ameng these applicants are names rock in which Mr. Barratt of Middletown, who wasone-of unalloyed enjoyment, and they anticipate-aspleasant a cruise this year. The officers and membersof the Club are:< and other satirists Vs*0" run down, xoe ntostpronrieed contribxrt^cm ^ at eventful, period if tin- tight Hon. William Jitt, hushed Correependente nhope (Lord Mahon)r»i expected before Christ- lately discovered, and rill shortly appear fn the aiid Correspondence ofid, including important Jight Hon. Wlffiani Pitt, Fume, L o r d s Sheffield^ mesbury, Carmartheny 5toreT (George Selwya> tfanner? Sutton, ArehV Wedgewood, and many ;on. and Rev. Bishop of eland), with Portraits of md, from original paint*of artists that have been lor many years familiar to us on this side of the Atl*nti<;—such as R. Ansd*llj Marc Anthony," F. L^ighton, I. Sant, Solomons, Owen Jones, T . H . W yatt, T . Landseer, &.c. That artists Hke the*e should be applicants for admission to the Royal Academy as associates shows what a numerous body the artists of England have become.—It has'been decided by the committee appointed for the purpose of mating arrangements for erecting a monument in honor of the historian Hal tarn, to erect a Btatue. Certain prominent English sc cdptors have been invited to enter into competition for a design, hut two of those who were asked, Messrs. Woolner and Foley, have refused. 'jested with so by the Standing Committee on Wednes- day, claims to have found his great discoveries.I must not close without expressing my obligatioas to Mr. W . M. Wilcox, agent of the Shore Line Rail- road, through whose kindness I have been enabled to present the more interesting of the proceedings of the Asfociation one day in advance of other New-YorkOfficer*.—Commodore, S. T. Selleck; Vfc«-ConomoJoro, H. tiert suffering f5rom dysentery, and I mn*t barve bertj tbfnking or*AMHKRST, Mass., Aug. 8,1860. 'The Commencement exerciees began on Sunday —A fine art exhibition on a very comprehensive and with t i e Baccalaureate by President Stearns. His liberal scale is to be opened at. Brussels on the 15th subject was, " The Motives which should Govern a of August, the present month. Foreign artists have Christian Student in the Choke of a Profession." A larger audience was in attendance than,on any previousbeen invited to send their works to itJ—The Life of Sir M*rtiu Archer Sh«e, the lite Pres-Board ofident of the Royal Academy, by his son, has just comentley is the publisher, out in London, and like all the lives of idostrous mation" came off in the village church. Prizes wereByron wrote in his " British Bards and Scotch Re- viewers"And hvtv let Sb*e and grain* find a place, Wboae peo &nd pencil y iold an equal crace—yet the efforts of both his pen and pencil are nowafike nearly forgotten, though he has been but tenyears dead. Whatever else he might have been, SbeeThompson, Lancaster, Pa. First prize, Sophomores— A. A. Knight of Ware, Mass.; second do., J. Orainel Pe«k of Newbury, Vt.There were ten contestants in all. The house was crowded, and tbe, music good. This is the moBt popu- lar exercue of the week.After the prize speaking, the Sophomore Class re- 1THEMASSACRESIN SYRIA.feeling for the Bar, which adds to his popularity.But this matter must be settled by Gov. Banks, whose administration, while it has done much to reduce public expenditures, which are becoming profligate in our days, has still been marked by some weak appoint*wax net a genius. The Saturday Review says of theLife:" We have oot recently ssen a more stilted, paired in proceseion—with music and fireworks,—toINTELLIGENCE.The doctor enbscquently obtained bail and was re- not convict any person for vagrancy unless such leased from cuetodv.bombastic, or inflated style than that in which Mr. the American House, where the festivities of Biennialpapers.COMMENCEMENT••, • 'AT LEGE.\AMHERST COL-Correapondenceto The N. Y. Tribune.Baccalaureate occasion.On Monday evening the exercises of " Prize Decla-POLICEMAGISTRA TES.—TheTo-day the steam sloop Brooklyn.is to leave New- York with tbe Chili jui Commission. We should not Italics, extreme verbosity puns, painfully elaborated, Beta K»ppa held their annual business meeting. Prof. of these tuffererb. Certainly they will not appeal iu be surprised,, however, that she was detained till nextShee has written his father's life. A plentiful use of were duly celebrated.On Tuesday morning, the Amherst branch of Phihabitual drunkard was without any yisjble means ofthe perpetual recurrence of French words, aad a con-stant recourse to the worst artifices of the penny-a- Prof Crowell, Secretary. Charles Samner was elected Johnson is the.American Consul at Beyrout.BEY ROUT, Syria, June 28, 1860. Ydti have doubtless heard of the horrible massacres that have just been perpetrated upon the poor Chris- tians of Mount Lebanon by the Druses, aided in someKlLXK© BY- A FAT.r..—On Tuesday las';, Patrick support, or unless he neglected to provide for the sup- Reily, ayed 1H years, wa* assbtirg to jeluove goods f'oia the *team f le/rotor attached to the »tf re No. 443 Broaa way, when the rope brok« aud tb<« platform fell with hioi •• itb f/igbtfui velocitywould be welVfor fathers; who bave any cause t» be- lieve that their livts are in c*anger of being written after their death, to forbid their BOHS and daughtersjrom undertaking the work. The children of Haydonand Leslie bad the good. tense to select a competent lege. It was a beautifol production, overflowing without authority, the Congress,ofthe Brazil Squadron. The tinually .arreBted, and who must know their circum-r: KILLED BY LIOHTKINH;.—A few days since, during*Stranger for the duty of compiling the biographies of their fathers, and it would have been better for the jdemory of Shoe if his family had done the same.classical and historical allusions. '• About 75 delegates from different colleges are present at tbe Convention, and with the solemnities attending the dedication of a new and handsome hall, everything promises well for a successful meeting of this time-honored societv.for New-Mexico on the 18th of July, say that nearly before, them. A person convicted of drunkenness isr-We have not in this country, we believs, any col-lection of original drawings that is sufficiently large toJe calkd respectable. If there should be, we hope ion ofChristj its troth and perpetuity. It was written100 men have already run away. Letters from several posts and landmarks indicate, though on a small scale) similar dissatisfaction among the soldiers. .A detachment of U. S. Dragoons from Albany, re- cently recruited there, arrived in this city yesterday, eveming. They will, this morning, be ree'nforced by a company from the rendezvous here, and will leave immediately for Carlisle, P a , to be drilled and equipped in time for the next batt*lion going West.-.fined, or, in default, committed for ten days to the City Prison. The Warden has power to receive the line and diecharge the prisoner, and the justice cannot tell whether the prisoner has means or is a vagrant. For a magietrate to act on suspicion without proof would be an unwarrantable stretch of power, for which-he would be civilly liable.The report went on to say^that it is to be hoped thatthe Legislature wi'l remedy the defects in the law, sothat some industrious explorer of the Wynne bago tribe will unsarth them, and give the public an accountf«rthe occasion, and was fully equal to the high expec- tations whk-h bad been raised with regard to this.part of the Commencement.On Wednesday morning the Alumni Association held their annual meeting. The Hon. Horace Maynard was chosen President for the eneuu>g year.Snell was chosen President for the ensuing year, andport of his family, and was complained of on that ac-liaer, are its most conspicuous features. Still graverfaults are a degree of bad taste that is nearly, and ahabit of fulsome and indiscriminate adulation of greatpeople, -wbioh make* its pages almost unreadable." It Joseph P . Thompson of New-York. The Kev. Dr. cases by the Turkish soldiery.from the 4tb utery to the ground iloor Il»illy w*» to injured br the concussion tbat death subsequently ensued. Coroner Jaok rr en held »n inquest ou tho body yesterday, whan a verdict of a«-cidrntal death was re'.urred. .The Jury, however, did not con- aider the r y t of sufflcieut str«ngtb for the tequlred purpose, aad censured tM macbini«t tor not supplying a belter one, and prop- erly securing it., 'orator for tbe next year.The Alpha Delta Phi Society held their ConventionStates Navy contimre to be reported dpily. W e have before alluded to the desertions from the United States ships Latcatter, Cyane, and W ater Witch. Additional news states that sailors and marines are leaving with-They say that the magistrate has no means of know- ing whether thoee drunkards have any visible means of support; that such information should be supplied to them by the police .authorities,-by whom they are con-here this .year, and on Tuesday afternoon the exer- ci&ejs were "introduced by an ^address from the Rev.A few facts may give you an adequate idea of the Storrs of Brooklyn offered prayer, and the Hon. present state of tbingtfin Sjria.Horace Mayiiard introduced the speaker.The address dijeussed self-cultnre in the various de-partments of literature as distiuct fiom and superaddedIroquia iain the Mediterranean, and two other vessels of the African Squadron. A few hands have also gone from the Brooklyn, the Wyandotte, and the Crusader. Official advices from the troops (800 strong) that leftafo;m. a young man named Enoch Knapp, sou of Mr A. Knapu ot Kislikfll, was (.truck by lightning and kilied. He and bis brothwr w«-re plowing corn, wmm a shower came on. JSnooh *eut hi**Din!li.r brother to tbe house, and took shelter himself under art opp)e-tr«-<«. , Not r<>tur»ij>(t home, a search was Inslitated, which resulted hi rinding bis lifHcfs bedv lyb'ff at the foot of the ttoe. The hghtuing bad evidently hit him on the top of tbe head, and instantly killed bi*"- The unfortunate youth was eighteen year*old on that day.RIOT IN- A Rest Snor.—On Thursday ni«ht, FrancisGordon, barkeeper In Michael Flood's rum mill, No. 7I» Wash- ington street, was assaulted, cut and beaten with decanter*, tumblers, pitchers, &c, by a gang of playful rowdies, who en- tered tbe place for that purpose. Officer* Curry Bud, Browq of the Ninth Precinct appeared while tb« riot was at its bight, and arrested the ringleader, Nat. Gannould, Frank McDonnell, and Patrick Nooban. Gannould, during the row, received a oat onthe right band, tbat will probably restrict him in the use of that riotous member for seme time to come. Justice Connolly de- tained tbe prisoners for examination.*>SUICIDE BY OPIUM.—Catharine Brown of No. 651to tbe educational difcipline of the academy and col-Tbe American Mieeiot aries have estimated the loss sustained by the Christians at 10,500, and that of the Drnees about 1,200. The inhabitants of the ChristianJx>\cns of Deir il Komr and Hasbeva were brutally flanghteied in cold blood, after a full surrender had be<n made. Thirty or forty convents had been plun- an'd burned, and the monks were put to death, some of whom were French. Nearly one hundred villages have been burned, and the crops of the peasantry des- troyed. •'Ifclany churches have also been burned, among them the American ; Mission Chapel at Haebeya and the 6cbool-hou8*-8 at Deir il Komr.These facts are enough to strike the civilized world with.horror, but there is yet something to be told.It is believed that not lees than 60,000 Chrktians are now honieleeB a* d starving and have no other hope for eubfiisteDcethan the 'liarity of the Christian world.The U. S. corvette Jamestown is to be taken in the Consuls, missionaries,' merchants, and convents of hand at once and prepared for active squadron duty.etances, and by the Commissioners of Public Charities and Correction, under whose charge they may have been imprisoned. Tbe justices cannot either make a law or take action upon facts not brought in evidenceIn tbeeyening tbe Society of Inquiry was addressed by D J V F T D . Hu&ti"gtou. His sntject was the relig-The necrokgical list showed only three deaths forWater street committed suicide on Thursday night by taking abwut T o'clock in tbe evt-nirg told a friend that she bad takeu th«throw the onus of disproving it on the prisoner; un- poinon, and would be dead in a few hours. As she had frequentlySpeeches were made by Mr. Maynard, Presidents SteaiLB and Fclton, Judge Kellogg of Vermont, and otht-rs.This afternoon we are to have an addre?s fromcountry. woe.Indeed, the land is ful1 of misery and deepestNE W-YORK SUNDA Y ASSOCIATION.SCHOOLTEACHERS'up to the Navy Yard early yesterday morning; and awaits orders to go to sea again.Twenty-first Ward was dismissed from the force forbons. One of the most delicious pictures that we lies in the State in 1855, and in three, of the largest de- From tin Occasional Correspondentrosin an article unf xtingulsbable by water. This sub- stance was placed in an iron diah and fired, and from the intense heat generated by the burning robiu, thef Advertisement. ]GURSEY'S GALLERYi *-No. 707 Broadway. PnOTO«RAl>118, lVOKTTYX»a8,MtwiATCKK* IN OIL, and Dxoxntuvjtorrm, m'f Advertisement. ]FANCY CUTLERY, embracing a4arge varietyhave seen from the easel ofTroyon, has lately been ex- hibiting in tbe small gallery of Gor pil & Co., in Broadway,andmaybetherestill. Itisa small can- vas, representing some sheep and a landscape, imbuednominationsaione—tbe Presbyterian, the Methodist and the Baptist, report no less than 333,305 members. Now, said mr. P ., let every one of those members take the catecfcrilytwofamilies,andthenthere cotildnot be iound not a single neglected child or family in our| Siiite. • • • _ . •The forenoon of ^Vedriehday was devoted to hearing the reports of the County Secretaries throughout the State. The afternoon was occupied in hearing remarkson tlie four following questions: _. , ,1 H«*ai>y bm.ffit b^n derived by the ^kat h -S o £0 0 1 * *f thin State ttom th* holding of SuryKty-School Teftoherr Couven tiont. and what r>a» b«-«n scored T>y Comity Conventions, anaWh*t i. t b e ^ t ^ MtuTion exit*. hW can Teach ^^'be^ob^ed^m^e^nernpla^d talent of theBOSTOI*, Aug. 3, 1860. The resignation of Chief-Justice Shaw, after havingwith morning light.Sportsmen'x Pen and Pocket KMVJIS of < the moat rare aod beautiful patterns, many of which have never been before i m -AMERICANVANCEMENT OFFrota Out Own Beporter.FOR THE SCIENCE.AD-[Advertisement.]ASSOCIATION»ietter left Prof. Barnard speaking after Prof. Alexan- der had given his very interesting account of the suc-essees of.the Labrador Expedition.Prof. BarnardC ^ " r ^ ! J « r « the re«pon«lbilItI«8 of Christian Parent* a» regard-*m ongmal an»ature* ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ thitf cbltdfwriovtow of the faCUitlea of Sabbdth-School inntruc- each particular case, which he studied into more pro- Ten pounds of the compound were thrown in, and in„ ^,, ,v ^ . ^tykyxQ* auroras and icebergs seen by the Expe- loose boulders and the variety of animal life, exceptme his series o f " A n r Iy commenced ..by tb* id Burkej by a secondr batch, of Engiiib worj a Reynolds, FuseM, Sir gh, aaii ^Turner, witktUjul' -One of the. lamp-post letter-boxes in Broadway wasfusely than the lawyers who presented them. He had fifteen minutes the door was opened and all fire found an immense development of common sense, aad extinct. The dish with its boiling contents was thenjauskstoes, which were very plenty.Prof. Altoximfei uddmi that a little bird, unknown to broken open on Wednesday night, and the coutentspower of giving the law a new shape to adapt it to the altered circumstances of a new ana progressive coun-taken in the open air and a match applied. Once morethe fluids blazed up, proving that the fire had beenthem, sang out in the middle of the gloom of the eclipse a song as sweet as a nightingale. He al*o al- luded to the magnetic variations, which will be made the subject of careful study by Prof. Bache and hisabstracted.. The binge, which appears to be a small iron rod, was sawed off. W e think that the adoption of the suggestion of putting drop-letter boxes on the the outside of the city rail-cars would in great measure do away with the necessity for the insecure, lamp-post letter botccs.greatmwufaotnxingdepotfornewstyle*«*G*aFirnnun. fc** Garden. . ',popular line*AID FOK THE FoPE.—The contribution In aid of the A PICTURE OP YOUR MEND,—If you wouttofPainjera fcarebeea •**«stants of the Coast Survey.**rof. Alexander then gave bis address as retiringdency of his administration of justice has been, there- on auch factories varies from 10 to 14 per cent The:made by the inventors to prove that the contents of a parlor, picture-gallery, or library, would not be in-thrown ii,to eonvulaion* in which it o>ntina*d in interval* tuatS l/o'cJockth<>n*:rt afternoon, when death n*ir1ted: prior to tbe dfath of tie'child, Dr. Allen had been c*JW tn. whi-n tfco doctorYork red tbe report of the Executive Committee. Mr. McElroy of Albany reported a small balance in the Treasury. Gen. Smith delivered his annual address, in which he alladed to the manufacture of poisonous liquors with great emphasis. He called upon the So- ciety to renew its labors with increased energy; stated the objects of the organization; appealed to the politi- cal parties to nominate Temperance men for State effices; urged the Church to take a deeper interest in tve cauee of Temperance; rebuked those who professed Chrietianity and yet indorsed the petitions of liquor- vendors; complimented the juvenile Societies that are pledged against the use of tobacco as well as rum; gave a deserved thrns^ at the drinking habits of tbe drinking legislators, who exposed themselves tofurther corruption by their drfhkiog nabits; -spoke dis- paragingly of wme-drinkiugofficials; advised no sspa- rate political organization to promote the enterprise; hut urged the nomination of men of temperate habits. Dr. Marsh read a letter from Neal Dow. The President had received- letters from the Hon. John Savsge, Dr. Batons OrviDe Clark, E. C. Delevan, W. H. Arm- strr-ng, J. N. Sterns, and others. >.from ponC: which has lately become so irowrtant, the test win be thorough and conclusive. TLts trial, and, still more recently, to horse railroads, wiM standRobt. F<>»t^,tb«f«tlMjr<^d*c^*wwJ,t*<<UficdlW;lr9r*tlde<ftCNo. 19$ Kwt'Mkwntb utroK, trad th«t tbe b«b* wmt h«»rn on th#Jut tout, j Dr.'Bmkfl, of Grand «twx*, • -w*« the a*Umdin* phr4.- !LETTER FROM THE AMERICAN CONSUL TO DR. WAYLAND.From The Providence Journal, Aug. 8.The following letter will be read with painful inter- est. It was communicated to the Monthly Concert for Mifeions on Monday evening. The Rev. W. Douglas and Dr. E. M. Snow were appointed a Committee to co- operate with any other Committee that may be ap- pointed here or elsewhere to devise means for the reliefments as well as soms.^tod oneej.ARMY AND NAVYF .vain to the sympathies of a Christian community. Mr.week, as she has some preparations to complete as yet.For some cause or other desertions from the United count by them.American Consulate, have brought away many poor,' With a scientific party of astronomers who went to ob-besieged, and persecuted Christians, whose lives have serve the eclipse of the sun. The Bibb left here a few•jraphicalDecameron,"3 "theportraitsofotherGovernors,whicharetbe .SCHENECTADY,August8,1860. doubtexactjustie'efor.thisgreatcrime;buthumanity trimfor"serviceorders." Accordinglyworkmen sndviolationof?therulesoftheDepartment.. - place,andc.aughthimintheactoftakingthemoney.'ipamon,"£38s.;"Rem- property of the city, and which decorate the rooms of Tl e fifth annual Convention of tbe Ne w-York State calls upon me not only to distribute bread to the crowds have been detailed for her, and will go on board soon. Jvols., £7 2/6; "Xortb- gome of our public buildings. At Bellevue Hospital Association ot Sabbath School Teachers is how in pro- around my house, hut to preaent their cause to my This ship's preparation will afford considerable em-COMMISSIONERS OP EMIGRA TION.—At a special meet- ing of the.Commissioners of Emigration, held yester- day morning, at the office of one of .the members ofSTEALING B E E F . — A Dutchman named Jacob Heinewasyetterday committed for examination by Juatice Steers, on tbe charge or stealing twelve heud of beef cattle from a drov«r named Win. J. Dudley. The cattle, which were Yalued at •#**, were all recovered, except oue./«j '•] A dvertlsem^ht. JGUERNSEY'S BALM removes all irritation fromMusketo Bites, Bee Stings, &o. Sold by the Droggltt*. 25 ct». a bottle. D. S. Barnes L Co., F. C. Wells it Co, New-York, and J. W . Hayes, successor to Mrs. Hayes, No. 175 Pulton-at* Brooklyn, wholesale Agents. Innn STOMI,Sole Proprietor, ofijee No. 1 Spruce at, N. Y. eJAdvertisemeEtJTHE GIANT BABY AT BABNUM'S MUSEUM IS thewonder of the world. Nobody doubt* hi* being *ev«n year* old, or hi» weighing 257 pound*, tbe veriest prodigy in fat the world baH ever produced. The great, rowing black Sea Lion amaze* everybody: his like has never beoa seen before. The Albino- Family is wnivepMby acknowledged to be extraordinary; but it is usole^g to attempt to enumerate them, for tbe Museum is «m immense curioiity shop, of which no conception oan be formed except by'vt*itb)g it. Wood's Minstrel* give their inimitabi* performance* tbere thi* aft* rucon and evening.There were three copies eron"in the sale, so thati been rather an insatia- <ord Bacon'* Advance- utograph and MS. notes• £'-$4; but it is decid- ever saw " Boston, XL Cru-onicles of England," air instance of thcrvalue •£••', into books, that the>f I>earning,'' just men- tie British Museum Li- » most likely sold for agress in this city. The delegations are very large, and countrymen, and to arouse their sympathies in behalf ployment during the Fall.aie several portraits of the Ten Governors of theAims-Houfce, which are not tbe least valuable of the tbe meetings crowded and enthusiastic.of tUe persecuted people^The King of Greece has sent a sum of money forCompanies A.. I., and D , 2d Infantry, arrived at the'Board, in Wall street, it was resolved to abolishThe Hon. Alonzo C. Paige of Scheneclady waschosen President.There was a large public meeting last evening. The focd to Ireland and Greece, and will not something bedone for ibe Christiana in Syria ?annual report of the State "Secretory was given by Mr. You -will doubtless see fu'l accounts of this.bloody H. Brewster. He reported returns from 37 counties, struggle in the European papers.—What was said by Mrs. Dawson Darner of theFrench people, xa^y be said with equal truth of French ! other counties it was stated there were 380,000 chil- Pentateuch. I think you will find it to be from Deu-nominally the office of Vice-President, and to merge in Tbere are at present four companies of United and that of Secretary. The duties beretofore devolv-art-treasures of the city; among them are portraits of ' the late leaac Town?end and of Mr. E. C. West, the present Surrogate, by Elliott, and a very fine head ofMr. D. apsr, by Huntington.States troops encamped at Fort Leavenworth, K. T.CITY ITEMS.ing upon the late Capt. Crabtree, as Vice-President, will now be looked after by Mr. Bernard Casserley, the Secretary to the Board. Mr. Wheeler, the Treasurer, will attend to the Castle Garden matters. By this ar- rangement the Department will effect a. saving of $4,000 a year. The salary of Mr. Casserley has been raised to $2,000 a year, and Mr. Wheeler's salary has been fixed at a like amount.THE MILITIA AND THE ITALIAN FL'ND.—CompauyF, Washington Riflee, Capt. Lute, Eleventh Regi-ment, while on an excursion recently, collected thosum of $35 as a contribution to the Garibaldi fund,which amounts now to about $210. At a meeting ofEeveral German companies and civic organizations, re-cently, it was proposed to raise a collection, the pro-ceedstobeplacedatthedisposalofthecommitteeap-pointed at a mass meeting recently held, to collect sub-scriptions and send them to Sicily for the use of Gari- ported. For sale by J. it 6. SAUNDHHS, NO. 7 Astor liomttvpictures, viz., they are either to be leved or hated. j dren in the Sabbath Schools of this S:ate.teronomy xiii 3.' There are about 40 male survivors!There is no middle course for them. Those who wishBrief but spirited speeches were made during theat the pictures of cotemporaary artists—at the T/oyons,Ralph Well*, of New-York.'Mr. Pardee stated that according to the State Censnsleaf is thought to be very old, and may be worthy of aThursday under the superintendence of Capt. W . W . Story Inspector for the Board. The experiments were madeon an old frame houseon the farm of Mr. Perry, engineer of the Board, four miles from Williamsburgh,FreTes, Bonheurs, Jeromes, Trayera, and Merles.ignorant of the value of" It is hard to believe that such sweetness, tenderness, of 1855, there were in this State 1,137,124 youths, be-,place in your cabmet.J . AUGUSTUS JOHNSON.and from those reports and partial reports from the I &«-nd you a leaf from an old Samaritan copy of theSFCONB TRIAL of MUKM.KR*FIRE EXTINGUISHER.- to see what is really lovable in French art, should look i evening,, and exercises by Mr. R. G. Pardee, of Wew- where I obtained the inclosed. The High Priest is a In accordance with tbe order cf the underwriters thebeen at the head of our judiciary for thirty years, dish became almost red-hot. The compound wasthoughforsometimeexpected,onaccount of his ad- vanced age. is a marked event, and has caused a sen- safon. Ho was appointed from tho bar ui 1830. The veteran jurist, Judge Wilde,' would probably have received the appointment, had it not been neces- eary to raise him'over the heads of his older associates. This seems Tathera mistaken delicacy—for why should it hurt the feelings of a Judge to have one from his own ranks placed over him, more than one from the lower rank of the bar? Lemuel Shaw has made a great Judge, and now retires with a well-earned fame. He haB showed not only a ready insight, but an inde fatigable perseverance and patience of study. He seemed to have au insatiable appetite for acquirement, not only of legal points and precedents, but the facts oftwiceappliedwhentheflames were subdued; but on allowing it to remain open, the air coming' in. contact with the heated dish caused the rosin to ignite. This trial was considered satisfactory, as rosin in store- houses is confined in barrels and not in heated iron tanks. The second trial, in consequence of the satisfac- tory results of the first, Capt. Story determined should be more eevere. Roain,Nvith half gallon of turpentine and half gallon of alcohol were mixed. These in- flammatory fluids thus1 mixed equaled camphene in the intensity of heat which they/ generated. When the match was applied they bursted forth with a very loud noise half filling the room with flames.o€diately commenced on her.class sailing sloop-of war, 985 tuns burden. She will have on board 22 guns, and about 300.men. The sta- tion to which she is to go has not been named.The new commandant of the Goeport Navy Yard, Commodore McCauley, vice Bell, reported for duty onTuesday.The U. S. steamer Bibb retimed to this port yester-day from the coast of Labrador, where she has beenthreatened self-destruction, no attention was paid to ber abate- ment. Afjawhours later she was discovered lying iu toe yard, and soffeiirg great paiu. A physician was Instantly summoned, but she was then beyond relief. Coroner Jackimn held aa Jo- quest on tbe body, resulting in a verdict of ' Suicide." Tbe de- ceased was a native of Scotland, 32 years of age.aiGROUND AND LOKTY TUMBI-W^O;—A boss m*e*unamed Wm. P. Tyson, while superintending the erection of • new building at tbe corner of Fifty-fourth street and Nhrh ave- nue, fell frota the fourth etory to the pavement. Fortunately, ia bis rapid, descent to terra firma, be Und^d uj>on the head of Ja*.Carroll, thereby breaking his own fall and knock!ug James down. Neither of them wa* seriously injured.m.i SUK STROKE.—An Irinb laborer, named ^Jbhn Ko-Keen, aged 45 years, of No. 539 Third avenue, diod from the effect* of a sun stroke. He was digging a cellar at the corner of Third avenue and Thirty eighth street, on Thursday afternoon, when he was prostrated, and survived the stroke but a few hours, 'STEALING, FROM A T I L L . — A young thief namedJohn McCnbe, U years of age, was arrested yesterday, charged with stealing $100 from the till of Jacob Sperle, No. 54S Klghtb avenue. The proprietor of the store saw the lad aneak Into \kaPOLICE COMMISSIONERS.—At the meeting of tbis been thus preserved; and the English vessels of war weeks ago and has had a pleasant cruise. ' She came Board yesterday afternoon, Daniel Sheenan of thohave picked up about 2,000 fugitives, many wounded women and children, who had etcaped to the sea coast —and there is sull work for them to do.What.can be done in these United- States for thesefamishing widows ard orphans? I will say nothing the Wabash Survey, have decided to put that vessel innow of vengeance, for the European Powers will no fined from one to five days pay for dereliction of dutyFort Abercromhie after a march of 19 days from Fortwhere to collect money for that object. America sent Laramie. one office that heretofore known aa Vice-Presidenttheir present relief, and efforts are being made else-of this singular people at Nablous, tbe ancient Suechem,Yo;k; the Rev. Mr. Strieby, of Syracuse, and Mr, venerable old man, very courteous and agreeable. This second trial of Mueller's Fire Extinguisher was madex^vzzx*." >?HryV w^y-fc* w^The Jamestown is a first-less this is done, or the police, the warden, or Com- missioners of Public Charities and Correction, supply the proof, it will be impossible to punish aa vagrants those habitual drunkards who are repeatedly, arraigned for intoxication.It is now generally conceded that the Long Branch murder was a stupid hoax, perpetrated by some, of thetry. Though with great breadth of view, he wanted extinguished by the compound. These tiiala were the scientific precision which distinguished his asso-ciate Wilde. The tendency of his mind was to confuse made by the special request of several distillers ofWeej;fti&tmth,fltm t,ia Ma Qfty,amounted;fttiw to FovrutK k WaLUi't, No.80« Bcowlwmy.and n*T«rOur tnUthe dividing lines between law and equity. The ten- rosin, camphene, and burning fluids, as the insurancefore, to do away with legal exactneM and systematicUntitled DocumentFifteen pounds of co^P(>xmd^or& then thrown in, and the windows and. door dosed, for an hour and a half,eighth street, contributed $2,000 for thernmexmrftm*i :^;::z-,'V>:'":.,':---ciETr." --r;i- :;:; 1. The meeting was called to order by Gen. Joseph who has not seen the last newspaper This departure meet of which was found extinguished, but sotae /our days old, who is alleged to have died from mal-•". Smihof Ulster County, and the Rev. Mr. Cashing from scientific exactness, however, toomuch character- embers remaioiDg on the boaix*, the cotton again ig- practice On tbe part of the attending physician, Dr. .was appointed Secretary. The Rev. Dr. Lintnerr of izes modern jurisprudence everywhere* In sonwe ap-Sch< harie invoked the Divme blessing. The delegates plications of common sense to law, Jcd'g'e Shaw con- nited. This was the last experiment of the day, but Macdonald Allen, of No. 447 Grand street* was yee- then recorded their names, when Dr. Marsh of .New- ferred a great benefit upca our legal system. For in- in consequence of the rcom not bexOjg as tight as the terdayconcluded by Coroner Gamble. Theerideoo*bladf s of grass cam be found alike. Therefore the law?as become still more "gloriously uncertain," and, as during which time.guesta oaxtook of a collation* Theas enduring memorials of his faiae. W e cannot say we understand, will be shortly made, as the extinguish-a8much oi some of his other decisions. When he ment of fire on board cotton ships ie of the ufimost «fiin, but «ab#e<]u«ntiy pt. AUtn came to hta botoae and «UU4tallowed his Court to be surrounded with ohaini-7, and eo brusquely repelled the application for a habeas cor- pus in the Burnsfngitive-slave esse, we think he-failed- to vindicate the dignity of the Comt; and whatever we may ssy of the decision, which he took so little time to come to in that case, it must be admitted that the counsel for a poor, panting fugitive, might have been, and ought to have been, more gently treated. Great allowance is to be made on account of the coun- tenance given to that law by Daniel Webster, who was always-held in great regard bv Chief Justice Shaw. W e think the Chief Justice has dose much to retrieve his reputation on this head, by the noble as well as very accurate and conclusive opinion which he lately rendered in the caseof the witness Sanborn, seized by a person unwarrantably deputised by the Sergeant-at- Armsof the United States Senave. Tho Chiof Justice also showed himself, a few years .since, very kindly to the Temperance cause, when a case came up involving the.lawfnlness of destroying liquor establishments as nuisances under the statute. He gave the statute the benefit of a doubt as to its constitutionality, and sus- tained it. The decision was reversed by the full bench of Judces, and it is one of the very few in which thetfcet in th<" abaAnoe or t)t. Bailee from' the ctty> be baft-been de^ * importance to the underwriters, their loss last pntcd to attend hi* patient*; on tbe occasion of Dr. AJ* «eooo4Winter by the burning of cotton ships amountiug^to $800,000.During the several trials, white enameled cards andvjtft JSfcn- Fo* er tofcf Mm that the infant vraafoborfnf tender a«. , attack of diarrhea, wben he WTote > prewipti'W of iwwd«w% onn of whioh ws* to be «fr*n at nigttt. weni in caae It faffed te afford" relief, snotbor WM io b+> admini»teredin tbe morniwej tbe pre»crfyiion waa mad© up at Dr. PoweJJ'a dntjratore, in awmtM* A_ but the fl«rk remarked that it wa* too atrong a dona tor a cafld,jured by the application of the 'compound,. thus saving rcm&iked tbat the child had been poisoned, and that wronx mnd- iciue had h«-en giv«-n it, addicg that either b*» or tbe drnggfat hmdfrom the destruction of fire and water collections thatmade a miotAk*; tbe pr*acripnon ahown wa* the on* that h* wrirt*. 'and tbe medicine tbat which he procured from the drag- filrt; be did not believethat tbe child awallowed more than oae- balf of tbe powder tnaTwa* given it.SaiahAnnVr»t>r.motherot the deceaed,testifiedtbata(W % • dene?thing the chiW'a condition to Dr. AlJen, he ««ld he wenldgive it Home simple medicine to relieve it; when the medfoin*was brought bom«, and* her husband told ber what' the drujuiatEvans; Treasurer.. Thoa.^ J. Wabbi Secretary, D. W. Fljau; Steward, W. L. Stubbg; A8sistant>Stewar<l James Moulton./Member*.—James F . Horan, George E . McMullen, ThominYj, Fifh. Henry A. Prince. Gilbert Gray, Sol. Hodges, S. Bailey, E. S. HU1, a,vd W. H. lugeraoll."BLOWN" and " STUTTED" MEAT.—The City In- spector has given notice that all who offer meat that is technically known as "stuffed" or "blown"—of which an immehce quantity is disposed of in the city, particu- larly in Washington Market—will be arrested and fined. At this time of year, :when so much young meat, such as lamb and veal, is coming into market, peo- ple cannot be too careful in their purchases. When meat is "blown" it is stuffed with fat, arid is best dis- tinguished by taking out the fat, when the meat has a flabby, bloated appearance, and a blistered look upon thesurface.be medicine for him when X prescribed lor the child; tbedoae would have be.en proper for an adilt.Ralph Kershaw, deposed—I reside at No. 1<?3 aVenne A, and rm employed in Dr. Powell's drag store at that piaoet I have been three years in the buxinffs. atjd b.'ivw attended -two course* of lectures at the'Thirteenth-street Medical Coiteg*; I not np tb* prenoiptionshown, butsupposed,asitwa*intendedforachild, tbat it would ba»e been subdivided into smaller powd-r*.Wooster, Beech, jr., W. D.,deposed that he had made a post- mortem examination of the body, and foani the' various frgaiMiin a normal condition, with the exception of the stomach: tbat organ was reddened about the smaller curvature; from the biaterj 'of the case and appearance of Vhe body he was of opinion that * death may have been caused by aa overdose ot opium.After a abort time passed in deliberation the jury re- turned the following verdict: "That deceased cams te his de.ath from Convultsioas prodncsd by an over-dose of • opium, administered by Dr. Macdonald Allen. Thejuiy believe the physician was guilty of gross careless- ness, and we further censure the drugg'st for n*t warning the father of the danger of administering so largo a doee of opium to so young a child."After the rendering of the verdict Coroner Gamble announced that he should hold Dr. Allen in the sum of•'BOARD orMagistrates met in^the Court-room of the SpecialSessions last evening. The principal business was a $500 to answer before the Grand Jui-y, The doctorbaldi. '.;'The 10th Annual Festival of the New-Tork Turn- vereinwill take place at Elm Park, on Monday, the 13th hist.LAUNCH OF A NEW STEAMER.—A new steamer,for Sandford's Outside l i n e , plying between this cityand Philadelphia, will be launched from the yard ofher builder, John Englis, foot of Tenth street, EastRiver, this afternoon, at 4 o'clock. She is 230feet long, 51 feet beam (over all), and 13 feet in depth.She is copper-fastened, and built of the best white oak,and is furnished with IngoxsolTs metallic life-boat. Herengines will he put in by the Morgan Iron Works,PATENT HOVSKKKXPXK'S Rrrta, iMrAXUHl.K lSBKCT POWPIK,This will be the fourth steamer added to.Sanford'a &o. W AXNXK, PUCK & Co., No. 079 Broadway, oppoaite NlblVa•••' 'i e l _ _ fAdTertUeoMrut.]ttyrd.toetwas with loose cotton piled QUBBQW putt Holy Father at the Church of St. Francis Xavier, know exaotlT^vhat you are, roar oapabllitU* and your faults, c*Broadway.- „>-..- ,,'.'•> .,•'•DEATH mopfREYNABD &-COM.;_ton-Bugs, Moths, Oarden ln*ect*. Rat* aud Mice,rruiaipal Depot, No. 167 Broadway. Soil by all Druggist*.[Advertisement.}ThefollowingtwoPATENTS torSALEby ANDESSAJRATIXK. at 159 Spring *t.: BLACK FiomoH VAxarian:, suitahi* for varnishing all kinds of Leather, such aa Boots, Harne**, Met* ala; also, FKXNOH POLISH, for parlor and other Furniture. Aa the above depot these Varalahe* are offered at the lo«s price* «d 80 cents a bottle. Military AocoutremenU renewed at # 1 a set.[ Advertisement.]GAS, GAS.—Dealers are invited to ©all at out.% '.,¥t ,^"*>-*&6W:Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com*-»"-***-••<- 