 IHartARC Colligi Obseevatort.—The Com- mittee of the Board of Overseers of Harvard Col-'4hBn this, it has led wise andwhich weowe toItaly,with the shoemakers of in Lynnon the 'J2d inst— Bostim .statute as will authorize the managers to fix the year-letter.[Loud SPKECB or BET. BXNRY WABD BIICBER.tratUigthe door, the flash of the pistol almost burningbis fac*—the shot was fired McCaitt. A few min- byutes later Miudacoh was again fired upon through the window of the Vasquez House, by Hxaviv.l^ord was immediately sent to the drill-room ofsent to a new The New-York City. treaty.agent repUea that he maiblewhCT, Rev. J. P.U.Pnf. 0. M. Hitcben."'J^i^"^^ "^ '>«r^Gmumfeat the Pro Rata bill.that the member referred to was Mr. Milliee.v,ling,D.I.Joseph Hoxie,aidSIraimtbuearls of tyranny, it haius with weighthaving been condneied with great nnanimlty, not- gentleman.reports aptvad' Aujtn, aeeretaryst»hni4|cJia k— aoonat ( .^jailnee the ofwon thethere was not one State in this Union which would jamin K. Paret, (juentin Mi; Adam, no chance for!Italy,whose chuslcpoetrycharmed ouring.named Losa aad:coming togetherf- ««p»'She MetoNEW-YORK,SATURDAY,FEBRUARY18, 1860Italy and shoaW there be any attempt to force now disposed so heartily to proe'.alm a new of the earlh. Now was the time to strike for free-TOL.rX—NO.26^iVEUCAH SniPATHr FOR ITALY.PRICETWO-CENTS.I^^MiBg HecttBg at tte Oty Asscu- Th« h#«ir of humanity is on your side of lUlyumpf. [Applause.)The President annosBccd that he had received agtaMMBafaaveUng fhataoo.'! I Om^ batwaoi tha fNetwt-tHtacveetno,caonmanjUh^rtUtotaiai Mkad for 1^~'«f Ker. Dr.BeHnn, Thnnpion.Feb. 17, Cbw. world are compelled to respect It is an invisible, a sacrifice had been demonstrated of late among the three cheers for Gazibau)!,'' Ihemeeting separated, Yesterday in the course of tbe debate on the Pro,- *kly KooBS*«d ?" priSal TMecUins li.hi in her behaSr,a? the stars in their course fought against Slsera. been made in its various parts during the last few wo"ald read It : Thisasnegatedandaecnmnlatedsympathy,towhich or in- Pleasetosandourheartfeltsympathiesfrom the every generous breast in Christendom contrlbntes a years. What so much like American English woacn of America to their sisters and brethren inwithanudlCBceof»tle««ttlireethoaiMul matetheimportanceofsuchImmediatelybeforethemeetingoftheHouse,while Mr. Mnjjxxa was sitting In his seat Mr. sage.II of boft sexes, Ust eTenlng,meetingsto rwpoo** '° *••• yon propose to hold, but Italy Is fairly entitled to a tolerance, and without let or hindrance. [Ap-M fraternity will probudy be happy to promota Hi paswUItaltan Liberty, recently issued by alnumber aeat cltUens."says:On Monday, 30th alt, a portion of Denver City, on(br an expressionof Amerissn sympstbycommon with world,all the civilized owes so muchto her. Shall not who were bom stretch we, free,out a hand of fellowship to those who have shownthe 2MAnniversary of Waianaioa't Blrtfeday.T*« foUowlng organlseUon was effectedhave more to do than to nothingby parlies who immediately commenced were andThere have < been 4S7 bills laliislniiij Infrta^Bit-lwIi**WlBfield Scott, W. Allen Bvfler, Watts Bhennan, John A..I>tx, Bean B. Smith, Thomas Jones,that ware honest and sincere before God, and he had diately, leveled npon the dowdbythe four men atW.BuDQUV.expelsspeech. ThiswasnotameetinginwhichProtest-bly—273 bom reportedCommittees,andIHtpansd mHamUton Fish. D. Dndley Field, J. T. Scatter, Isaac FeMs,J. P. Thompson, 0«o. H. Folsoai,H. T. Tnekermaa, J.W.Francis,F. L. Hawks, Moeea H. erlnnell, W. F. Haremeyer, Hiram Ketchom,Charles King.lb. Bxnoua, on taking the chair, made a brief ad- dress stating that the object of the meeting was not to fight for religion or poUtieal parties, bnt simply to •Booorage the Italian people In their present en- dearor to regain their ancient glories, unimpeded by Ibielgn intervention. They believed that every Sov- •lelgn, Presidenl, or Emperor, nUea by the 'srrace ofGod, and the will of the people.Mr. 6. W. Bldht announced that letters had beenraeelved from Prof. Srunuii, Johi) A. Diz, G. 8. Hii,- uas, Hon. Cou. Smma, Hon. E.J. Hoasis, of Penn-reported, and 92 paased.W. B. Appleton, K. B. IBBton, H. W. Baaeher, AogvatBabnont, W. B. OtdCB, •MlOaKaod, Chailea Bnler,the world's historical wealth, and enlarged the debt slavery. [Applause.] He shared In no vulgar pre- meeting, the memiMn of the Clob jii—<The Oovoaorhaa appiwed » wWaad das ca"ar- t1hebarofthe vefaai fva-•ylTanla ; Hon. Senator Fosna, of ConnecUcut;mit the intervention of any foreign Power t >and upon the Italian people the dj nasties and rulers which however, to see one thing made evident in the pres-early part of the night Tbe Bum/ners," as they quires Uie road to pay a tax of one mill for each pas- tions upon the whites till a new sapplyv awNJafl,Hob. Gio. Baioss, of New-York. When the nameof CBiaufl Smoru was announced, there were loudthey have rejected;call themselves,marshaledalltheiravailableforces,and soon alter dark the streets with beganparadingdrawn arms. FeacaaUe citizens were stopped on the struts, with cocked pistols and glittering kniveswhen they again pommence tlieir forays mttk re- newedacUvity. DiirlngtherecentcampatgiLaanm-FBOK BOH. CHAE. SU1I2IKB.Feb. 16, leeo.Adjourned to 7 P. M. on Thursday, 23d Inst ASSEMBLY.see tbeir warriors, and sent one of the sqoaws to theIndian with his but detained the alher countiy reply,OuB Snllcc when yon suppose that my sympathies are withMr. Bucau said that theira meeting as this was significant of the time in whichas a for her return. bosta^eYon have done me no more than jus-in such New-Tork was the Metropolis of the land,FBOV PBOF. SII.LIU.aN.'say that to the Pope![Cheers.) ButwhilelibertyAssembly.legislativemillpreponderanceof wliite blood,Nsw-Hati!!, Feb. 13, 1660.I should be haopy to attend on the 17th instant the meeting of sympathy with the Italian cause, to which Lave done me the honor to invite me, but person- al and domestic reasons, I regret to say, compel me todecline.If, however, the opinions and wishes of a relired in-dividual are of any importance, I am happy to addtion of the Uniied States in this Shanghai,qualified,yonJOHNE.that tue Italian cause, in its present to aspect, appearsSecretary of Legation.It will be seen by this documentthat there is no diffi- of the Clinton League. This morning Allsb sought 2. The one of the of per-:gi«at price? Theyin the firm and heroic attitude they haveticism whichProtestantism and free prohibits"jumpedthe etecUon of^ho«ses thereon. Tlie next morningparties -finally separated,Mr. A1.LS5 wasof preml-repeated the offensive remark. Mr. Mnunn Imme- Thursday, diately denounced him as aconfess a f entlment of love and reverence. I am that p nicy.AMO/vffd, That the declaration of the Queen of GreatRtsahiei, That McCasty, Tonn, Hasvit and Kabi be given five hours to leave the city, under the pen- alty of hanging, if found here at the exolration of that time, or ever afterwards.At last accounts, armed men were patrolling the streets to preserve the peace.[BV TXLXGBAPa.]LxAVESwosTa, K. T., Friday, Feb. 17.The Pike's Peak seven from Den- express, daysver City, arrived here at noon to-day, bringing $5,000inOnr Treaty with China.tary law in Kew-York and Brooklyn.Mr. CosKLiso introduced a bill to incorporate thetional coniUcts, whether of opinion or of arms, that had shownnow engross the attention of Europe. themselves worthy of sympathy. Thepeople, whentold the* Pope. '[Laughter.) HeWe understand that the Chinese Government manifests the most ^endly disposition towards tbe United States, and evinces a determination faithfully to fulfill its treaty obligatlonB.The treaty stipulations respecting claims of ourItaly, the land of physical grandeur and beauty— sentiment of Venice was evinced in the peculiar sig-fect.some explanations, and correcting some misstate- ments that MlLLTEXN bad Inadvertently made.MfLLiKXB, who was in his seat, overheard AiLts ask a friend to Introduce him, and turned towards himi and said " he did not desire to be introduced to a common slanderer." Some other conversation en-"sued, until MiLUKSB called Ailxb a scoundrel,"African blood, and his vote having been refused forthatreason at the election in 1S56 for electors of only,President and Vice-President of the United States,of the against whom he election,;That he was entitled to recover for the viola-the native land of talent, taste and art—the land of nificance with which the citizens would call for aearly lixht in both literature and science—the land in match, (zol/ertno in the Venltian vocabulary.) One which the love of civil and religious liberty 'a»a neverWe believe that your day is come"—for though it istbebrought an action for such refusalexpired, and in whose cause the best blood of her pa-a stem confiict":[Laughter and ap-citizens isinprogresstriots has l>een freely shed inWe need another Zolferino." plause.];et when all the larks discharge their hibernatingbrood, and all the Southern climes send their swal-lows up, and all the birds begin to sing and the trees;Held,with loielin and domesticItaly, whose noble sons armed in firm arrav, nowDestroetlTe Fire at Tarrnaw". LOSS rWIBTT THOUSAND D0LLAB8.St icovered from the risinggroceryThe was called to arrest Allsb, Sergeant-at-Armsserene forUtude- is milage beeuse there U in it no alloy ofin Od.slrength-thls.s?ro/omical periodicalsmany despotfem.tion of a conferred by the Constitution. right'The decision was unanimous.At this curity.Italy,whoseenlightenedandintrepidnavt- causedbyanindividualwho,itwasafterwardssolved the great problem of anew world beyondand dry goods storeof Wm. Evabb, at the foot of Main- street, in Tarry- and did so. The Speaker, on being referred to as to Y., by the attempt of two men,town. Only three or four persons were near at the the authority of the House, decided that the officer Hosaxa. to procure the Methodist Church for a po- time, but In a few moments there were hundreds, could not hold Mr. Allib without the authority of litical meeting, at which the Slavery question was toorOceanearly years, and whose attractions, stiU rich and de- was atVlHafranca, deserve and havePhelps, Stephenbut ex-beentendingdent that it will pa^^s. To-dav, I am sure, it has at conducted with Dr. Pirxas of the Observalo^ofpeaceadmiring sympathy of the friends of freedomsaying anything at tills time was that theylabored un-"All hill to Italian Liberty." He concluded by saying thit, as to the Italians now struggling for their independ- ence, they had our hope, our feeling and our prayer,dodging.muchtime, the usefulness of the Observatory, have"'^ "°"''- "^^ttenwelvcB worthy of the blood that flows in theirfi.TM.'^people of Italy have Bhownme ^5i '"^y ''*^'« «hown this by the oisDlav of part of the American people, of interest with the Ital-and if need and a be,s'lould would open, theyN. Clark. Edward Hoffman, David W. AVen,at least 76 votes in the Assembly, and 1 think 82. But HamUton Col'ege—with the American Te'egiTipn hei ce.qualities, such asfruae and soul of man. For ta tlTharder than to wait. Even to V^e? notW^g itwayhave p.trsonal application of thought, of feeling and ofCon- Bleecker,more than any others try theian an of sentiment which cause, except expressiondid not give the key note to the popular or the nation-—and Constitu- unfeigned sympathy with the cause ofactbravclv Is an in farlorfonoUoncf the ,<,ni th^"to endure ctlmSin that manner most effective, his (showingGeorge Bisbee.^^^!i'I1|The mutyr's palm is a higher crownlaarel. And this patient continuano^twl sMentcompatriots—applause,aoaThv orin aenattitUty. The Italians are a senWvlf Sllv o?" gaoUed people, quickly responsive to the touch alikesoil 4rated ,0 U.e vfrioK Threevolumesof the Annala ro.,1,.rv«ld in Europe.byweiegivenwith a will.)BPXKCH OP paOP. UlTCmLL.many centuries. Of course he is crazv, or he never venture the suggestion that it was possible cultivate an understanding of American laws.the committee, whosethe necessary platespatience seems not withof pleasoie or painquall^ Indigenous to :themertt'ls theirs for having so successfully cultivated it. In.them the law in the members has been duedsel of tbalr reason, and not of their impetuous bloud.TheyhaveruledtheirownqilrK,andth^rsis aspir- it not eaaUr ruled.men—men not hilUlae—totbe^oacluslon that a people who havewithout;them a and thus the moreered the present position of Italy similar io that of American Republic when LAPArrnsthedelay. That- made with the- may be pot in such a shapa as to bato all astronomers, available namethe law in the mind. They have taken coun-cneersvenerable member ofAnd thiisttitude of the ItalianProf. O. M. MiTcatu.lieved one soul worth all the worMs in the universe.ourits legtUmate results. It has secured for them a tongue like aIn we have also another frono succession, petitionhas largemeasureofsympathyandrespect. Andmore otherwasDAT and Alonzo G. Dbateb, and It was resolved to character. It only asks such an amendment ofthan the hpTn-,; anThe more aSProgress of tbe Sboiuakirs' Striks i.tl?kef^?^lw!^AVus't^ralViad."eM'iJm?y^^e|'o'r^f^^sympathies to Hungary, when Kossuth, with a sword, one side dripping honey and the blood, gave expression to the cause of his 4aBdar the control of their emotions and their seosi- country's Independence. (Loud ceeers.] We gaveofmen shoemakers. Addresses were made by Messrs.(ImairB so oatch patience and self control areof LitWC taken out of political leading- strings and al- lowcAtowaJk alone.the last Summer In IspiBtaaoatef England.men up fromof it all. The astronomical achievements of Galileo andofItalyhaveledtoallthis. Gaiiisoconqueredin Newtown, N. J., on the Uth Inst, charged having robbed ahen-roost A few yeart sinoe,11experi- beset, it was because of an hon-sengersboard,already grldlroned. Mr. KiiCBUM inlroducesM 1 J I "tor*Friday, the lOth Instfor Philadelphia, with forty pas-" """'""-mat mtrmi hr a light touch; but among all thosefitsinB,,wasfoldasaalavp sena'orWM «>y cnl md coaniw,a billor thereof shaU be used by feu?He"?oves ti be-whoa It•of luly. Had God at 8the debarkation, byamendmg^eto make and enforce-decoyedlesl so as to give "every railroad within ttas State, ped man, and finally loccewiedfortnaa to meet, young andIn the where pllit-bouee,ms f'""". •«»•««'-11b- of intereet is tfea ItalUa canae, and. of respectefageto arise and assert means of life-boats, commenced, and at 10 all the pas- who'se railroad any partin fs^ho^w.peoplewroughtboys,theassemblycomposeJ entirelyjourney-graveof sunject liftsold, feelingforsUveef No. [Applause.) He called upon Italians Saturday morning,they spent theworthyACCIDINT TO THE MaJOR KeYBOLD.—The steamer Jlfa7Ar iiey^U, which left Salem, N.J., ontie intro-«<>: dgsandright. OodFROM AL.BANY. RAII.ROAD BII.I.S IN THB SENATE. THE HOUSE ASWm ITS PKIVIU0K8.tnebmlei and iiigiilalliMiflM-«^^of sovernmentSem. I iSi snre that all England woold ring from ter gronnd of than before, to us from be glvenwltb force, and Ood grant that it mavtri-upon thSn a formsidew Bide with a voice of Iwflgnant remonstrance.sympathy with an old canse, which, with hope appealedthe Italian peninsula. [Cheers.] Look to that eoim-grant that the stroke shouldupon the arm of the hlrelmg soldiersthe freeman's heart and braces his frameso strong in material resources as to be beyond Itsrejoice rejoice, not because we are Ibe 1m^ HaU of the City Assembly Booms w«a reach ; every advance In civilization gives it fresh Protestants, bat because we are freemen—that ininfluence. I am not disposed to over esti-liively Times In JeCerson Territory.their inflaence felt in the great family of nations thereforeo'clock,of the most important witnesses against the thieveswas fired upon as he stepped from the door of the and Gbaitt the Select Committee on the resolution topeace.In her present noble struggle'. If I do not at-tend the meeting at New-York, sccording to the ia-vltatlon with which I have been honored, it is becauseother duties here keep me away. To the cause of hu- Resolved, That we hail with thankfulness the policy the tongue of New-York, and by this meeting oneItalyman freedcm everywhere, I am botmd by all ties,whathar of ftelhog or principle. [Applause.] To Italy, also, venhraole yet ever young, with that fatal gift of beauty which from all time she has^wom, IAlbabt, Friday,the captives at the Fort They were veryemphaticsorrowful In her sorrow and happy in her happiness. Britain in her sptech at the opening of Parliament, and generous, and manly and chrlstianly good. TheySociety for the Reformation of Juvenile Delinquents manding officer. The Indians, anxious for tlie recov-iCbeera]Snely by her past history and all that Italy hasdone for human Improvement, we are her debtors. WithoDt Italian gemus what now would be modem etvlUzatian t There is no art or science, or activity or grace. In which sbe has not excelled or led theagainst armed inttrvention by any foreign Power inItalian affairs, \a worthy of the position andEngland as a chsmpion of civil and religious freedom, asdofcatlocal independence.Resolved, t\\%t tbD heroic devotion of ViCTOB EM.iN- UXL, Ring of i^ardlnia. to the cause of Italian nationali- ty and Independence, has won for him the admiration of the American people, and will give him a name amoig the benefactors of mankind.had been called to-night to say to Italy that God had blessed us with a constitutional and regulated liberty, and to stand up and point not alone to our citizens, but to all that surrounds them, and to say to the world," This is tbe fruit of tiiis Is in- liberty, Christianityspired by freedom, and here are the signs and to-in New-York.Mr. HuGB Allin, Secretary of the Clinton League,being placed at the Bar of the House, pleaded guilty to striking Mr. Millikeh, but that the assault was notof their with C^L captive brethren, compiledIf 1 went into details I must mention, not onlythe debate. Afterway. and music, but also scalpture, printing, engi^vlngand this Is what it does to men and by men, kens," anjthat Allzb had circulated slanders aboutastroDomy, navigation, book-keeping and jurispru-dence, and I must present an array of great names affairs is destrnctire alike of freedom of con-sadi as no other country can boast, ana to all these science, Independence of thought, and the purityI most add the practical discoveries of the mariner's of religion, and that tfce advocasy of such govern-eoapais, Hue barometer, the telescope applied to as- ment, in whatever quarter, should be disavowed caring nothingtronomy, and the pendulum as a measure of time. by American citizens as contrary to the flr.«t principles such meanness should incur the contempt of everygold.appearedrobbery, by treaty sttpnlaUons.tAralaose.]To the political scentles and infidels who affect to01 American freedom, to the experience of our national manly heart The first feeling that every American NOTjnCATIOH TO AllKEICAN BESIDBHTS BY UIN- in an assault. After the withdrawal of Allxb, Mr. with the design cf making a decisive movement fordouMthe capacltv for freedom of this illustrious peo-ple, I would say that Italy la modern times was theearjICBthome of political science, and the earliestauthor of some of those political tiutbs which have assurance rf our sympathy and moral sosighingof man or of men for must lie liberty,guiltyResolved, Ihtt cccleeiasticalgovernmentin secularif we could take the book of liberty ourselves and sitdown by ourselves lik^ a curmudgeon in a comer, had been adjusted.history and the teachings and example of the Fathers ol the Revolution.heart must have whenever there is a rising or thehimthe overthrow of PisautxxA and his Government ; butthe Liberals in considerable andbeing strength, prepar-wiritestpendence to which they have already attained, and theWe in the recent observeany Two of theircong'atulatiors uponthe measures of Inde-support long ister the Pope. [Laughter.] He thought the Popere- ligious toleralion, and indorsed the sentiment that " tolerance is not the opposite of intolerance, but the—with allwe had to iXo to manage this organized lib- province of Fuhkien. wiU be opened to American"—in men's right to freedom of thought and action, andscouted the idea of any intention on the part of this meeting to interfere with the religious belief of any man. They wanted simply to restrict the Pope to spiritual affairs, and separate ecclesiastical authority from temporal affairs. He believed that wtae.n an American citizen declares bisallegianceerty, ita Christian people.upon Christian, organized civil lloertyfamilies, on and afier the first Givenundermyhandandsealofoffice,atthelega-counterfeit of itboth are despotism. He believed—in the individual, beginning in a selfish iastinct, ripened into the grneiosityof a moral sentiment, it always, if it grew at all, grew towards a certain chivalric nubltness—grew not alone for the strong, lui for the weak. Where, however, there was a spiritwish to extend liberty to others—it was not half right. If Italy knew that this whole land felt hearty glad- ness for her prosp€ct, and sympathy with her struggle,be, if he did as well. [Laughter.) He praised himfor everything that he did do w-ell. Let us, then, saytoour brethren struggling ttiere, "We remember you.'.of 1660. day January,ing, on the floor of theor otherwisemore being whiteporal power outside of thisme the most Important and Interesting of all the na- tive treason. [Great applause.] The of that was food and that was armor. Let us tell thewould say to another, having reference to his cigarf aid that"one swallow does not make aSummer,"of execution.was considerable confusion stated, was drimk or crazy, who Insisted upon speak'out. But he hadllie as we have roamed through the Peninsula— posed of when a disturbance and a small knock* who had undertaken to aid the Italians in theirUgMrnl, bare equally charmed onr atrtwr evening oflength putscarcelyt>eea dis-and .«tiia. This iUusttlous Italy, by the favor of God the Hall. The police interfered, however, and order tives. He was either a good man or a bad man. If and by the aid of allies wise in counsel and val- was soon restored. he was a good man, Ms acts showed that he was ac- Bant In action, has already risen from the dust and tuated by sympathy. If be were bad, he showed that, rulM of ages, and is now robing her beautiful form la Chasub Kiko, LL. D., the next speaker, seconded what was better, tbe state of public sentiment in the grateml vestments of Liberty and glory, to be the resolutions. He argued that the people of Italy Europe forced htm to yield to the cau.>« of pop-House, and carried the case into Court Jodga no regularly organized fire company in Tarrytown,but sembly was not in session, hence theie had been no Kbox held that, the plaintiffs were eatltlsaeverything that could be done under the clrcum- infraction of the rules. to relief, and granted an injunction against glances, by the citizens, was accomplished. The When the House assembled, a statement was made the use of the Church for any" poUtleat flames first spread to the dwelling of Mr. Evabs, ad- of tbe assault, and a Committee of five was appointed purposes whatever, ruling as follows : That th»worn, as we trust, for ages yet to come.Every true-hearted American bids her God speed,and such is the fervent wish, now cheered aad sus- tained by hope, of Italy's sincere friend and admirer,had demonstrated, both their byand ular liberty. He (Biicezs) believed both thesethings. He thought that tbe public sentiment of Eu- joiningtne store; from thence to the dwelling largeedifice should not be used for the purpose ot dlaeass- ing political or other improper subjects, topics, or for any other purposes whatever, except for religions fri-BENJAMIN SILLIUAN. pearance, and afterhat, which haddwelling occupied by Mr. BIanksklt;to the terms and con-nOV HON. GXORQS S. HILLASD. Bonos, Feb. U, 1800.waved speak.itditions containedconveyance by property,:and was that Mr. Allen was the geutlf?- btiildiliijs were burniii,; at the same tluie. Tlie loss man who gave Speaker LiTTLEJOHer his Information.I hare raeelved an invltatioa from youItheis variously estimated, but it will pro'jably not exceed This stale of things was known to Mr. Milueeb, and upon by the turbulent spirits who had entered uponattend a the friends of Italy, to be held meetiBg.ofYea do me but" justicebim,us. said our talk was gas, and all mere wind- Theyin flames. No less tlian (20.0()0. Mr. EvASS" losj; Is from twelve to fourteensuppositionit is probable that in speaking of Mr. Allsb as " ain New-York on the 17th Instwhen yoQ express a confident hope tliat my sympa-was carried tofor the purpose indicated,I have tothousand dollars. on tbe property.—ofA'ings—Samuel Godwin, Edward HoDe, Samuel contempt of that body. The result has not yet beenhow many hours of have been soothed- the pain bylic have been made Gov. Hobga!! by:Assembly,chargehavinglovely pictures I brought away from your country.ing. Ills words, however, must be very few;ourselves divided on some minor questions, anH while It would be possible to get a divided verdict on the question of Italy, If Improperly.was " insisteo persistentlytkiea lean tomrdsmy OBgagements here will not permit me to be pres-ent at your I shall be vrith In meeting. you spirit.luly is to me a name fragrant with bedutlfol recol-lectlosB. 1 recall the time 1 spent there as one recallsl>ydayastrainofmusicheardinthewatchesofthenight. How many hours of toil have been refreshedfor he For the last t*elve years I have watched with an knew how impatient his audience must be to hearyouronly express regretthe undertaking, notwithstandlog the wishes andside." They do indeed, andthe which I feel thatinterast, second oiuy to your own, her event- those who canied the trumpets he blewa" presented, yet. when the question came up, Libertysimply ing af a friend but the calm judgment of a very small pipe. [Laughter.] Butitstunewasjiehoped, disinterested observer, which affirms that the In honest harmony with the objects of their comingAruj- yori—Clarence L. Van Zandt, Horatio Un- shall ever order it to a thfrd reading] on Wed- lege, appointed to [examine the Observatory con- derwood, George Terwiliiger. Henry H. Henlot, sembly nected with that institution, has rendered its report George W. Corning, Charles H. Kitcbeil, AlbonP. nesday, tbe 29th Inst., immediately after reading the The labors of Mr. TorrLs in theMan, Henry E. [lowland, Nathaniel B. Uoxie, Ben- journaL This is such a timely notice as will leavepast history present condition, their entire fitness for freedom.to investigate the matter.It will be recollected that a day or two sinceLittlbjohb stated that a member of tw-o-story house occupied by several small families. House had written a letter to a gentleman in'der the unhappiuess of not being able to say enough.Up to this hour there had been no expression on thePhilipEdgar Ketchum,Lee,it also to the than expectedLlgher wagesSuperintendent 'This is a simple prayer that anybody*" '*'^'> unUl this hour.ofMeantime we had had an country of the difficulties with whichroad that had not already been bespoken,these were peopleever formed that countrynightprnenringJ»-We did not wish to have ourprayerclenched fist) [Great EiscBia re tiled.)amidst which Mr.al feeling.for such we called them in Italy, hear the American sentiment from other than truly American voices We wanted to have the genuine sentiment of America expressed, and that would be an expression of hones',could say that up to tlus hour, the efforts for liberty on the part ofthe iiaiionalltlea the lastsub- European during thirty>earB had been stimulating to faith or encouraging tohope. We our to andwe gave sympathies Greece,had long been waiting for fruits of them. We gavetional In Liberty[Cheers.]Nobodyseemed to be manifested to unite with theAmerican Law."Italy.extendedMr. B, tells us he isaninmiveof institution at Utlca,in which it is fashionable for Intense thinkers to take refuge, and that the subject of bis petition has occupied bis undivided attention for would towhich havebeencountry,.thattions.culty in carrying our treaty with China into full ef- an introduction to Mtllicsb, with a view to making sons so entitled to ofthereIn accordance with numerous he suggestions,pointto then we believe that that is Summer and— G real excilement has been occasioned at Geneva, N.The drunk or rrazy gentleman again made his ap-; It then communicated to the large two-storytheNew- holyand to and expound therein God's preachnls previous hasty exit,to the asdlence, and again attempted toand the Chair awarded blm the floor, but by that time he had been again expelled. Amid much confusion, the resolutions were adopted with but one*dissenting voice.SIHAEKS or BXr. DB. BILLOWS.accordinngprocuring been left behind In hiswidch and the rules and discipline of the Mctbodi.«t Episcopal Chnrch, until this Court shall have made further order thereupon. Tbe C&na!!il&if,aa. Repository sl&Xei that the aflUrK large portion of the audience seemed disposed to hearon the side ef the street, and oppositethey holdsaid edifice and.^Rev. Dr. Bblxowb, on being introduced, said he was here amongst a great many others, and, probably, moreacceptable totestifytheverj-strongKOTASIX8 PdBLIO APPOIHTED BT TBI GOTIR- following appointmentsTbe Committee acted with such that pramptnessthey presented their report before the close of thestanding the offer of one of the memt>ers to provide,at his own expense, for the sake of peace, a spaciousgentlemen,and earnest interest he had in the objects of this meet-Kos.—The ofNotariesPub- Housesession,andMr.Allxswssbroughtbeforethe andcommodioushailforthepurposesofthemeet-fill Usiory. It is net merely the partial feel-«onduct and attitude of tlie Italian people together there. The truth was that the difficulty of and from the North to the South;people of France, where it elicited more results, and we had been waiting forthis earth to consider the cause greatcan understanl. Senator McsaoK has found a route for a City rail-with while onboardaeaaal-amonghad been very much gratified or our confidence verytheir are muchcooirmed. sympathiesence in oui ownThe lankiiow, are a generous people, but notthat oursay hopeslast visited Tnere were when the speaker and hisTufsrciaendy.had in whis-residing beatJervis, he shipped^ IXS, "^Sif^ir.V,"!i*fthe various But he could notpeoplesEuropewhat a was in Italy the universe. But, changeducesabilltocovertheground. I'-,«""«TMP"'*i,?road from Central Park to the Fulton Ferry—witb thebranches through any streets, lanes, avenues, etc.,atPortto make a trip to this City.<U»?»t«folbet-;norulerfmaifBfees, overthe same,hemost;we live.and he might say that theyFeb. 17. Fifty remonstrances were presented against theand thattime, They proceeded to the scene of disturbance, and dur-three whose wives and children are braves,policyoferyWaleix's Instruciionf, and he passei fhroogh this plaee, with the party, several days since, on ub way to the Fori. The probability is, tnat a time and place will be fixed upon for the treaty, at which time the captives will be restoied, and friendly relations be es- tablished between the Indians and the whites, until the former again meet with a good chance for toolneslsUble to be affectedto some tem-Attest:Plenipotentiary of the United States. W. WALLACE WARD,pondingRata bill, Mr. T. B. Millikib, of Westchester, made same persons, being otherwise qualified, are not tobe excluded on account of color, but are entitledIs constrac- people ItalyI fovad but oneand adnlritlw iu w* WMUiet and people of he (honld r»th«r say, delayed, that we were their freedom, and assert their rank among the naUons sengeis were safely on shore.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069est sense that thoseenterplses had been defeated, or,^isLeague. thatMr. MnuKH was the person charged by the Speaker with asking (lW,aOO to defeat the Promtn paarey;slip of paper with a lady's handwritingo apro-n tt He BeT. H. W. share, IS not indeed immaterial force, but it is a pow- stitutions could now be seen as free Sardinia with its Italy." [Cheers.]«rwhichthosewhowieldthematerialforcesofthe freePress. [Applause.] Whatamagnificentself,AflerrespondingwMhheartysood'wlUtoacallforAlbast,Frldar,but it penetrates to the council who wereupon motion of Mr. Blust, the entire proceedingspartial <£•;power Tuscans,down theirtry (Italy) and see what an astonishing progress had"God Resolvtd, That we lender to the people of Italy our grant his petition for victory." [Applause.] HeISTKBdeclaringproceeded to enlarge upon the principal point of each to him, If you please, (addressing the reporter^!,) thatplrejvas ne^otlatad between the Plenlpoteatlaries of ibose nations, antrMgned by them in the English andthat no breach of privilege had been pro-,-en. The debate occupied the Hoose the whole day, antU 5The CcnservativeslnSinaola, who were overflirown last year through the aid rendered ibe Liberals bya community, new in external form, but old in its KsroLios was carrying out the programme he had we were never so much in love with It as we are all whom mayconstituent parts—separate;in localbound in federal union—with one national flag, oneeffectually••manhood, and that there cannot be manhood without— ANOTHER NOT BO NOVEL—ANOTHER CITT RAILROAD—A WEEK'S RECESS—WHAT HAS BEEN DONE—Anational coin and one national principle, giving to all the strength of imity, E Pluribut Inum, and con- EtltottDgtheUnitedStatesofItaly. AndmayGodrespectHespectfiiUy yours, CHARLES SUMNER. V. BoTM, Esq., President of the Italian NationalCommittee.The following letters were also read:pes- writings''complaicedofinthePope'sletterof allocution, were the Bible tianslbted so that the peo- ple could read it, and newspapers and books, in bis opinion, the Pope wanted to be restored to the Ro-Heliberty;that aU true developmeitt of hnman nature IsSBERIFKS'FEES—ANOVELPEriTIO.Vthe good time.ports openNothing in this world grew precious but weeds, tresty, on and after the 24th day of November, 1859.speed the asstirance of the Acceptand with which I have the honor to be, dear Sir,regardGovernments butpromised with regard to even more Italy,than by the force ol arms. He Delleved that theirgtilenilaldueto orelse that liberty,is Like spurious.magnafreethought.for theofwhich made a virtue ofpurpose deprecated that spiritstiflingwithout andlaboring for; with all our trouble—PLEASANT PROSPECT, &C.,Albabt, Friday,Ais entitled to precedence over any other legislativebefore tbe other proceedings.laytheir interest in the national cause. Let ussympa-Rata bUl, Mr. Miutzxii altadad to thethemselves ready to purchase their freedom with a plause,] but the downfall of a system of eceleslas which there was but little improvement was Allxb assaulted him, striking him in the face. The done ";^" arrestedbyhytheSergeaat-at-Arms. was called, aadbut, be this as it may, her past cannot be taken from Catholicism against Protestantism, but one which which were pobllAedln our regular Isaoa «f Vad- Committee of aevea to Investigate the matter, which her. Her conduct during the past year has added to simply Indicated the contest of the freeman against nesday morning. Upon the adjonruMBt •< (to was adopted.Claim Clubsanguine mood, the future of Italy seems full of hope; antism would array herself against Catholicism or resolatlons passed—peaceful in character—wmh Mr. Caluoott offered a resolution toai>pointa 'In the Senate, 221 billsusSrsevfearemainialned. Tome,whoamnotofanover-a of the meetingwe already owed to her. Every native of Italy has fresh cause to be proud of the land of his birth, and we who love her, though not children of her soil, have reason to be grateful to btr for having jusUfied our confidence and responded to our hopes.Yonrs, in sincere sympathy and warm interest, GEORGE 8. HILLARD.Rev. JosifH P. THOMrsoM then read the resolu-judiceswhichwouldenterintoagreatreligloQiraid against the Roman Catholic interest of this country or of any other country. He believed In all religionsreporteda iranint for his SENATE.reaaaaahiai oa t wnl kars traaitions, as fellows:TBI BlgOLUTIOItS.were in the some tmUdlnghalf—a the et ceteras. A sleigh ride,'and'Whereas, During the months which have elapsed since the expulsion of the Anstrians from Lombardy, the flight of the Dukes from 1 uscsny, Parma and Mo- deca, and the revnlution in Romagna, the inhabitants of Central Italy by the moderiktion. self-control, re- spect for social and civil rights, and wise administration of public alTairs, have demonstrated their entire nnan- imity of purpose and their ability to Bas.ain a Constitu-tional Government upon the t>aais of Independent na-would fight to the death rather than give up.New-York, a public streetBy Mr. Kbtchph, to amend the railroad law, so asLEO.tionalityand when Louis Napolzok made such a movement,known too many devout and Catholics not religiousHe hopedwork ia tbe bnlldlng. A coaacil was held, after which aoBB C. Moos^ Mayor of the city, advancedHe wasably received, and ati his return reported that thereto pay them the token of his reverence.that was the universal sentiment, and that this assemblage had not been convened under any dis- guise wbatever, or in any form, simply to promote ProteEtantism,but to promote great liberal sentiments. At this very moment the Italian boot pinched very much the toethere was a place where it pinched still, andthatwas just round tbe calf of the leg. [Laughter and ap- plause : Naples would be very easily disposed of if the States of the Church were properly rescinded. That was the which we wished to seeto hol^ a parlay wti^the—Albabt, aius iBraosncin.Feb. 17.saowlja"ll^ ing match or two—a good long goaip with taa Iard, place noticed,In the afternoon of Wednesday, a new excitement was raised in Aararia, brought about immediately by the robbery of a countryman's wagon of a large number of tuiUes. Petty thieving had become forused by two companies.By Mr. Mumox, for a Railroad from the comer ofBroadway and Flfty-nlnth-street down Mercer or Greene-street, and through Broome-street to the Bow-;Whertas, The Governments of Great Britain andFrance have declared tbeir recognition of the indepen- dence thus attained, and their determination not to per-"will be made with the Pinal Apaches. Thiswith aliaealsHghi variattans, "avaiTandWhtreas, i people who have so worthily achieved and:choosef'^r Ihemselvesthatformofgovernmentwhich seems to them the besc fitted to promote their safety and happinessResolved, That the intervention of a foreign Power tothe people of aiy country from any adoptingfoiremveonftGovernment they prefer, show Id be regard- mayed as a violation of the comity of natiotssuch intervention from any quarter in the affairs of Central Italy should be promptly rebuked by the civil- ized world.of non-intervention in Italian affaiis so clearly laid down in the French pamphlet entitled Le Pape tt le Con- fres., and the coneistent and magnanimnua declara- tions of the Emperor of the French in accordance withent state of affairs, and that was that though Italycould have her fortunes settled bythere was somethirg mightier than diplomacy, aadyetNapo- Lio» and compelled him to be honest [Cheers.) Public opinion had compelled not only France, but England likewise, to say that there shall bono inter- having the decided superiority innumbers.though the Reiolvfd, That as American citizens, we recognize vention with the self-asserting liberties of Italy. "Moea" spoke quite loudly. The foUowlng is the and a&irm the risht of the people of Central Italy to [Applause] Italy, Dy the grace of God and the will,senger to a City Railroad Hospital, and limits the fare to three cents."Read it,""iUad it," and loud applause.that was which had blocked Locis somethingber of were taken, who prisonersare still hi eaptivtty•rles ofThe President was at length obliged to read the let- ter, after taking the sense of the meeting—the "Ayes"The bill toof the State was lostmeans forthecanalsat Fort Buchanan. to Anxiety asmaiBtaiUfcd their national independence, deserve that cordial recognition and nympatby for freedom by which the people of the United States, precluded from poUclcal interference in foreign affAlrs, are eoti'led to masediplomacy,;cteasinc,the jumpers were arming, and somebut that was not the wordt for either,through- out the following Wednesday. Excitement was tn-From Arizona and SoBora.he (Dr. B.) would not withhold his praise,a month past fearfully prevalentanda Committee Excitement ranTreaty farce Isthough Louis Napolxoh was never a man whom he was dis-;repealed,year. If presents are distiibiited liberaUv, the asnaforce back posed to mention with much praise. He rejoiced,high, and steadily increased during the evening and Tatxob, W. E. DxAB-and C. C. Nxlsos. The bill re- of the forest " will refrain from committmg" depreda-was destined to be a unit and a free country. Cheers.]was to another. speakingbluingsIhe stealing, while they were punished and snliisredfor the depredadons committed by other IiyllaBS.Tbe sent them back with the If a Agent reply, that.treaty was really desired, they most retom wttfi laaa of the print^ipal Chiefs, when be would proceed with them to Fort Buchanan, there to confer wlUi the com-countryhad a word of cheer for Italy.if we had no sympathy for that which had given us the power to have sympathy, for whatever was just,The Committee, next day, adopted the following:was his words *ere taken down. He glad beingfrom China the thefollowing notice, issued by our Minister to that Em- the lobby during the session. This elicited a warm were afterwards arrested and shot. Tom KaamBOB,for several years Prefect of Guaymas, was removednever expected to say much to bis friend and co-min-with all the necessity for vigilanceand Tai-wan on in the Formosa,was the best boon God ever conferred yet—of civil liberty without Us generosity without aWARD, EnvoyExtraordinaryandMinister -Yesterday, while talking in opposition to the Profcciion of the Constitution of '8S1. Thewe hadspoke reverentially. Tbe Pope was just as good asplaintiff being description vote, having only one-eighthwho werepresent wereingnighta patrol was keptuptoguard againstIn their expressions of good feeling toward the whites^America, to-night It would be a shamefor what other men should say of itbeen made by the Church party for Oh supremacy.in the course of the de-bate. This gave rise to 3 conversation, wUch ended coDccDtratiou of tbeir forses at Ures, the capital,iDce passed into principles. [Cheers] Besides,divided iato separate sovereign States, with sep-aratesystemsoflegislation,her condition is coinci-dent with oar own to the extent of possessing theselocal facilities for self-government which are our resolution. He exhibited an original copy of the fa- this meeting wishes Mm wellboasL And then there is the spliit oi her sons as mous pamphlet, Le Pape et le Congres, remarking SILU, but I do like the Pope. The pity is that he has Chinese languages, on the 18th day of June, 18a8, at o'clock, and resulted in the adoption ot the resolu- PxsQSixBA. are again successful, and at last accountswhich has been ratified by the Presi- the Liberals were hourly expecting an attack on Ma- treatyas they shall remain true to Order, Jastice and Liberty.:pire, debate. Speaker Millxk and Mr. O. Allih and othersfrom office on the 1st Inst, and bis place aopidledby;that Idont like Airro-suchbadadvltcrs. [Laughterandapplause.) The Tien-tsinshowninrecenteSuts,givingassuranceofwisdom,and of that rarer wisdom wUchpinows how to guideand temper courage, both of which shone so He read a portion of it, as|foUowsconspicuous in the Venetian MAiinr, worthy of Austria in Italy is ended," " France will not in- the ear was sight, would know that there was a voice Chinacompeer of our own Washihgtow. [Cheers.] tervene to reestablish the temporal authority of the from America,from what was said here to-nlgbt. Let as chargedAllow me to add that I confdentiy look to the day say to our biethrenabroad thit wehave tieen educated Therefore, be it known, that this treaty is now pub-when we may welcome into the fellowship of nations Pope in the Romagna." lie considered that Louis in that which they seek—Liberty; and tell them that lished for the general information and guidance of 23d Instherebyto-day; that -vie believe that liberty is the fruit of all citizens of the United States residing in, or visit-From Oor Albany Correspondent. A rinni in the house-the pro rata bill—lloertythe tuber planted in the Noithorn cellar, and sendingTlic Conrt of(o commerce tonnage duties forth its yellow stalks for light, so men grew, will be paid on merchant vessels belonging to the seeking that God should give them libery. United States, according to the provisions of thisfollowingSupremeblossom, we,too,believethattherearetoomanybirds singing in Italy not to convince us that the Summer Is ccme there also. [Applause.] Mr. Bucaza pro- ceeded to allude to the Emperor Napolzoiv, upon whom he said he had onpe whetted his knife, andffom the glaciers of the Alps to the fires of Vesuvius down and drag-out fight occurred in another part of vindication of popular rights, from one of two mo- which in a short time increased to thousands. There is the at the affray bad occurred when the As- be discussed. "The cougregadoo enraged coimsal,stand ready to do battle for freedom and future se-when the latter with the flat of his hand slapped the AboutIJo'clockyesterdaymorningfirewasdis- faceof"thegentlemanfromWestchester."CHtjfecBBightsv>.PoliticalMKixniGS.rope had compelled Napoleon to favor popular publicliberty, and be thought Napoleon 'was glad of It.[Laughter and applause.) Whilst we were sendingtlieee popular tokens to Europe, let us say that ourLiberty is not perfect. We have our own troubles.That soli which didn't grow weeds, wouldn't growanything else. Kut there was air here for men tobreathe, and plve us the power of men's tongues amongwork. \es, but it was wind- work that tJok Coll-m- Bus half round the earth to discover this continent. [Applause.] Let us have wind enough for men's voices and we would never have explosions. It was the want of air in Italy that made Italy so dangerous to live in. We here were flowing, we were sowing, and we were reaping, and our children should reap, and every sin- gleyearweweremakingourfurrowsafurlonglonger. [Applause.) Then tell the Italians that and say tothem that In this while we are among great people,owned by the same gentleman and occupied by Mr,PuBDTfor oppressed nationalities," there would be n-i division from the Atlantic to the Rocky .Mountains,enlarging thcatacloorgreu-e of nebuis are referred to, and it is statednot. If it could, raise up Its voice and say,Frederick 11.sponding observations, occupyingBPKKCH OP JCSIPH H0S1B.Mr. JoEXPH HoxiE, the next speaker. Indorsed theobjects of the meeting, on behalf of the classes of the community outside of the clergy. He consid-—Marblehead held amectiag' last -Saturday evening, at the Town Hall, to consider the subject of the strike.asaprohibitingintoxicating liquorsasyoung for three cheersmen of other cities, understood to be ready to strike,a Committee was to confer with the lead- appointeders of tbe strike in Ljnn. Last ereiiing another meet- ing was held at Lvceuin Hall. It was attended by at least six hundred persons, the Kail being full, and. with the exception of a few employers, ouisiders anati.e ob.>*ivations larpe telescopehistimelyaid. Heclosedbycallingfor Italian liberty and independeace. [Theais not mentioaed, olforsHe was here to-nlgbt to say a wordAustrian troops there,pers only dared to tell him secret for the ousting of Austria,on a schoonerSifA"" became Inftarsaeilby aUthat could actuate them,thecumstances of hisarrestill;and he thoughtwas He be- tlie next speaker.soBice. It was recommended tliat a aoffident appro- piiatlon should be made for this objectA Distinguished Ihdittdual Apprkhe-vded.— Abthcbt AcAJts, a coined gentleman, w-as arrestedabout the deb; the land of Saulio, on thetlie same instil ution—but of a slightly more practical theThink of the development human Intellect and of the omnipotence thatcooperatestriking Travelier,of astronomy.for nik.ly salaries of the and his asslstailt.how Italians wished In and the liberaUonon rocks and sunk.while the the crossing flats, struckThe ladles were obliged to takenotI believe tEis closes the boots.'»''°l*''"!?V„fiSiJoSrUntitled Documentofcommerce, and for Americans to reside with their[L. 8.)Kwangtung,Feb. 17. The first fight of the season occurred this morn-•bcd-toparalyzing papers afaanirilUBtaawillingitanimatesthiesfortheNapoleoniccode,inordertotestifytowithstandingtheuntimelymotionsoftheInebriatedinthelobbybyRnan oftheCUntoa'Mnm^i».mh&a*hSasmfIbaxcoaaa&afiedofthe«.u«J^that in Tuscany now—asthatwhich FlorencefourProtestantcongregationsworshipin WARbe seat to they paid. TUsttagaodeBaetmeatfe .J. -•Trf^p. —V p-f-^Y i-p... J. t'-slrhnitaiiM;AOAIBSTwith word of synnathy from this great country, which. In plause.] The Waldenses would yet see, not the The Rocky MnmlatH Newt Extra, of Feb. 3, AiLxn acproscbed him, and alter soma conversation Both Houses have concluded to take a recess oMI'downfall of Roman Catholicism, for none of us desired that until God's own time should oome,inat, wUtfa earriea fbam ovarSv seoondrel, when Mr. Tbe following is a ruisni of the boaineai |[ap-CLAIX-JUKPKKSAHDTtmKXT IHims.Rata billitiiiilt liie Committee have eighty In nimtber—proceeded to tha naoad wherein fevor ofthe jomDerswera atwoik,WhenirlthlBihaat ooe hundred yirda of the build- ing th%y were waned to halt, ana rifles were imme-|>iUueltaaggWs^ Hooae ta n^nr for tseuaysnbnadsatdajnan np on the llfh of AprfiTaaiday It is expected the Legislature will adjour.. __ tU, There must be some sharp work if the bosbieaB already projected is pushed throuab.And now for a week's froUic with the bojrs, prrhapasome frantic efforts at a skating, perhapsforty guns, heavily charged, and that the parties assured him that theyBy Mr. Uakiukk, to declare Sylvan-place, worth being merry over—ain't It ? Adleo. .Matten tmsettled and dabioos eoniiitoedandsaid foiuiylng, their position. Thus matters rested in Denver.of was Investigationappointed.ery,the charter to begrantedto Jobs H.Hals, Robt.to their breasts.provide —completingthe saiiity af tita with a strong desire for tbeir release, has induced the tribe to sue for Some weeks ataeetowaatnemtodesist restingMr.Aasv,andjnmpers.peace-Friday,to collisions on roads preventIKDIAKS ECTRG FOR PIACE—CHUBt^B PASTT IK 80B0KA.of tke St.Comspoiutenct 'Tdba:, IjoviaJtJeapau.MiIcSa.n.ItMi.Saturday,There is every probability that another *'Jxulianpresented Aboot 9— The President named Messrs. Fixao, MABiSRasVasqncs Hoose, the ball grazing his head and pene- examine tbe affairs of the Excise Commissioners of they were cent in to leam if the wUtes would eoa-Ex-Sheriff W. H. MmDAtroe—oneAyes,11;Noes,14.prisoners,the Jeffenon who were on drill at the Rangers,In due time sheappeared,accompaniedbytwo oramong^uefire, open threats and boasts having b^n made thatthesun rose.of some men would be in ashes when the Pro Rata bill, and twenty petitions in favor of it Several petitions were also presented for a Sani-claimed, usual,Hon. JOHH E. WabpWhereas a treaty of amity and commerce betweeawould read of this meeting to-night, and would feelMr. Taoni'SOR, at the conclusion of the reading, the fellow feeling of a co-minister towards him. Say ..the Halted 8»ate« of America and the Ta Tsing Em- desiring to discharge him at once, on the ground Sefior Sabdoval.At all the;that it was more than a second Solferino to Austria. men there, he continued, who read by stealth, not dent of the United Stales, and with the advice and tion, declaring A llbb guilty of a breach of privilege, zatlan. at present their only strongoold. Gen. Visa, by:*'The domination alone, but the men that listened, the men to whom consent of the yenstc thereof, and theby Emperorof but, in >icw of made him at the commanding in that city, had forwarded dispatches ta ample apology hy;posidonit concern and I callUjponibis Empire, to obey i's stipulations, and thereby ptomole the amicable relations now existing between the two satioLS.The ports of Chau-cba-j, or Swatow, in the province&C.papersBar, publicly reprimanded,andexcluded fromprincipal leaders,Gaxi:ia andGuiua.and the said ratifications have been duly ex- ;Bar, ordering bis discharge from anest No other business w-as done, and the House adjourned till the_aid but tbe ;committed for words spokenInthe statements had been made by all parties. It ap-Tbe claim difficulty mentioaed by the last arrival, HnxinxN, while engaged in lobbying for the ProRata bill. Mr. Millikxb had called him an Frcm Sonera we leain that another attempt hasWARD.From the Constitution, Feb. 17.of ainfamous scoundrel.the 30lh December, the Conserralives attempted aCalucot offered resolutionsbreech of privilege, ordering him Ut be brought tocroes'ngeachother,orMOTDtCnS OF TEXwere by construction of the section of tbe C^natl- dred and fifty-nine, and of the ludependence business, is it not? Of course it is. So I give that lution of 1eSn0t2i,tlreedgutolating tthheeevercisofe aofntebleoetlwe.ctiveeighth day of November, A. D. eighteen hun- of the United States the eighty fourth.thesettledthence to a SpeakerThe fire then communicated to a one-story hiuse York (a Wall-street broker) that 100,000 would de-struction, word,this, together with the siisli and blind factory and the large two-story house adjoining, owned by Mr. Jacob SrosMS, wasIt was generally under.stooilpres^ently wrappedeightThere was a partial insurance up-court because the use of the church,stant U. Brown, Joseph Breck,JamesIr. the .Senate, this morning, quite a number of pe- Iltioiis were presented in favor of a change in the Coiiftitution, so as to jiermlt the enforcement of aTheof the fire is unknown.slanderer"he had reference to these reporis.earnest remonstrances of a number of largepeaceful,originwell-disposed and influential membersand notwith-;on aTaylor, Robert B. Valentine, WllUam W. Walsh, J. reached. You will have it by tei^raph.M. Williams. The Pro Rata bill is to be read a third time (if the As-lawMassacbubxtts The journeymen shoemakers of beverage. There is evidently still existing much of°^^' °^^^rAb-^ut three hundred were present, andfeeling journey-S?n^I ObieVr" ory?4s ns t^e ro^nmlllee unitedly tinued and additions printetithink, should be con-o'clock,fpersonal allusions to Mr. Hcqh Allib, the Secretaryunder the Constitution to vote at ail elec- presentThe op.oonents of the meas- ure feel hopeful that It will fall—its friends feel confi-F. Smith.James C. Rice, Edwin L. Godkln. Wilham P. Rich-a*dson, Nathaniel P. Rogers, George T. Haws, JohnDrake, James R. Cuming. Charles A. Davison, Josiah ihia is no leason why it should have so many a week Company-wilh the astronomer in charge of tne mu-any other company,rightthe sale ofof Victoria, inatlie feeling in favor of such a measure which was so elrrngly manifested lnJ54 and '55.M. I'liaat Oaiivu Bxibxi, through Senator Fiaar,his "presents petition praying for tbe Culture ofanbeen of a guilty,h. i._ „» law ofy^'-:•1>*U1 1fltoardeBUldlBg pay In advance. B^^aSibut secures them payment of tbeir bills. The entireCol. tbe Indian in called Walxsb, Agent Tocacm, waauponbytwooldwomenofthe tribe,whostatedthatand as that other tribes had dona aH<d for outbreak, their foray was a complete rajlore-PrSQUiti^A, earnestly Imploringol the Governor was too critical to permit him to part with any of his troops, and he was under the necessi- tv ofYours,Octoroons Entitled to vote In Ohio. DECISION OF THE SCFREJIE COURT.refusing.Ac, HESPERIAN.is Ihe decision of theOhio in relation to the right of persons ofAfrican blood to vote in That State:CoLUkBrs, Feb. I860. Wednesday, 14,AlFtXD J. AxniBSOB t-j. Tbomab Millixxb, It oL. Error to Common Pleas of Butler county.Gholsos, J. delivered the opinion of the Court Held:1. Persons having mixture of African blood, but athan and black,beingfranchise, enjoy right Nochargewasmadeinthis respectbythecorres-byjudgesto tearexpenceprinting them, providedin the deed ofhave been published, and the a»^of shall betbe funushed from another-J?w www.fultonhistory.com 