 'asalleged bytheamajoritysB«w riBBta take MitngeB—A Naw Btg:i)c ytnHgork gtmf0. grintrgbag, ^^ctober ««, i««o.1^^SaliBc StreBCtk'alt. 'U8FA88CR.Frelgfat<f Jaht Otiieraoarees...Hcrackel aaMsi A»kssnot /jolysdiflerent ctyalaJtod «n(tete,tat .mastsr; that the UbelantsSoe^aabrbe aiasiB^ la his^MB^B- J. Auttm S*. (^Mk•fUeul*.—The investigations of ProfessorUoexpandspla^, hotttatWhenkewtjitsnlioardTotal Increase la len.•»«on the udmilatioogen br planU, preeented before tWIkiantific Con-SreSplefacSMaTm; itlSie^Sr!*"SSS*>*New-Yb^ Demoentic naneis.there.) imd now comesOTI^ate home, freshlythe vessel or herprocess against the TeaaaL that tfaer mUdit reeoirar the. ^"zeue _, .,FsiuuTlTmoia,offmseoag nitro-Itpap«,, vui they theretorepublishesTentkn at iu latetima in theae columna. It may be remembered that Us conelTiaions went to akow declaiTely that bo mimHstion of tbe inetakes«BllBnaIcBtlon to the Chemietl An*'. ("their house, but he would not and that they only used sufficient force to ejectfor the month, ofplace.various present (Liberal) Governor had wereRepubUcanticket for•K^i U444M ijisliDwiiee* ol thein "'"^DtSCHABOElai.TMNitrogenWtlOgen of the atmosphere"* jurisdicUon of the:M,7t»,*n "i^asw "mM •C 'f'J^^l ^-iio^aTSFoarAsiwa^^-meeting, were reportedat thenotice toquitJu^r, August and Septet^WnitrogenThis result is confirmed by a recentappearsrecoverof Plant»,") byso' Douglas Democracy In Rhode bland. The Conser-wjjjjof humus can be assimilated by pUnts, andsent his RepubUcaa strength, favorite General, Slgnor Doic Gaioia Mobaus, to-day called out, would not fall for short of U,0004. That It did not set up a sufficient cause of acUon and• 'wich-streetbefrom tlie defendants, alleged to part- I«m-61.. 79.000 43',no» U.OOOS,0M Zmigenttiat the nutriment of plantscan only be suppliedbetter known as Cacbora, (Zizard,) with a smallvotes, opposed by 8,000 DemocraUc votes. /ners. The andde- defendant, Hoagiand, answered,fended there was no upon the ground, first, that18«»-«0.. 13S,<0«KI5,0a» «6jbin 211,608 3a6,«SSCliW* IuSh iS —'"^ -^'^ ^^substances of a purely inorganicHe succeeded in routing them, wlihoi^t serious loss. Asbyaddition to the list of substancesHtU by «»« Ceart-^That the Rspublleans. last one. the firstBianisg nitrogen to pUnts (as urea, soda, cyanuia-,ixrecTS snes isn. 1. ToULBrlLT«WrMate.Oik.F.P.-IMaL,tea of poufh, etc.,)meats, able to add two, vii.ridnlty the iahsUtantsRiver,sufficient majorities in other towns to give him a total majority of nearly /ovr thamand."BOTHESUiO ME. YAHCKT-ainendn^ntbeing frivolous, if the Court hasdischarge 186S4I7b,«0» 14S;«ei> 6S.000 C7,00t sg,soo 124,000steel, and well adapted for the bearings of ma-lar doty. This wUl amount to about 12X per cent. Transportation irom these points to here is only about one-quarier what it is from either New-York or San Francisco. As the transportation is often more than the cost of the goods, a can be madeprivilege of any of yourthroughoaftween Ticksburgh and Memphis, it was severe enoagk«fO.; theypresentlieturnedout Hethenportfromsuchavoyage,andtbejuris- always appertained to the Court In suchtiffs ;James S.Steams for defendants.weconsider that killing frost has beenOf its the following is an applicationsis concernedCourt dischatge granted, granting the discharge did not acquire jurisdic- wherpi Name the place where? Name the act for alJ descriptions of service compatible wlta her tion, and therefore the discharge was no bar to thethe place where she may resort or be ptalniiflS' claim.The action was now tried before Judge ALxaa, inkilling frost as general. These latter accounts, how- wUch ceased on Mr. Yaxciy's relief against a vessel engaged in foreign commerce, Isaiah W. Sylvester and Amot K. Hadley for plain- ever, lack and &om our advteeaefain^i7.example :'ing wheel, making 2,200 revolutions per minute, were made of aluminum bronze eighteen monthstpeech.l We have atsailed freedom of speech—stated to the contrary, but rather tiiat she isdesignedThe"journals"for the axle of a.Laterfrost at various points, and tome dispatches state thehave lasted to the^siring suitaces, under similar circumstances, doby supplies for the Arihy would be several himdred thou-hisses, thatnomanconfirn:ation, presentnot last more than three months. It isalsoyear. Infantry,Drciaiana. SirPBEME COUBT^-CHAKBEBS.and aot of belowtfte noribera partsfor pistol barrels, and is to be tried for ritles andcannon. The distinguished experimenter, SaistClair Diville, is the discoverer pf this and otherSUTBEBLAHD, S.—Albott vs. Juisnn, et ol.—In-of aluminum, for which thore so appears;but little use liere.The Apaches are now more thaa ever hostile.They overrun the country in small bands, pilferingalloysbrilliant a futu)», while the extremely moderate price at which aluminum csin now be produced, (36 shillings sterling per pound.) renders it a most valaable addition to our list ofmetals.—— A new stlbject of researchMONETARYSales at tbe Stock$7,<00 Tenn.St.6'8. .,'90 SO 300 Reading ltailr'd.830 44growth been relied upon for making much cotton. One resultusefulhas-just received a considerable degreeof,A88T, (^LuUctin de la SocicteFrtmce.) The determination of the degree to which sea-water is impregnated with salt in differentleges.—Held by tke Court That in so far as the motionnamely, the amonnt of salt contained in the sea under differentthings, they may suc- WisnssAT, Oct 3, 1880.bso 411;— latitudesI have just learned that the Apaches have ruta offall the Government stock at Fortthey could not be followed LieuttheState. Itsays:Erie 3d M. B>...91 60 do 9»k IM do 6e 200 do 93 100 dodevelopment through13,000 Erie h 3d M.Bpany of infantry, u^der Lieut Coos. Of course, If vote on Supreme Judge Is heavier by 7|000 than that Tbat no claim can be made that counsel fees are not 1.000 Bud. Riv.R C.U. g9 600 doplaceslaw—solicitors in and in 15,000 du 68 100 doS. Carolina • Ga.. I)4a — Mlswari North Carohna ... 1)4« — CanadaThomassy'stained in the water of the Atlantic, taken at the suiiace, and at a distance from islands, ccn'.inents, and the ice of the Polar regions, is represented by a minimum of four degrees, which, under the evap-experimentssun, may rise it to 4.ip degrees. At the mouths ofriven subject to the tides of the ocean, the halome-the Jewish persuasions, and relief is extended to men ot every creed Irrespecdve of any peculiarity of lailh.ued yesterday—the witnesses expected from Albany, for the defence, having arrived.bSO 72)2 .b«0 73b30 73Theuce, shice our hut. have beenU. L-lllHJ J..m^m!^"SfW•^"^WH^^^T^^PP'^i^lW^SCZBMTIFIO BWIiIiBTIK. — ezeiciies tke greatest influence on their expan- sion. also influsncea the axpansioaPoUtleal iaeellut. THX 0OHTB8T Or BaOOa ISLAHD.the schooner, to recover poiiesston of tier, altoglag that the veswl returned from her last voyage to thisBort^Mtlberthof August having bam vadtKt)» chaise of one of the owners named iTiekinMttiaiA.->Il. Dyett for plaiatU'i Frank Byrne for de midaBt. _' ud WMrmIt—Ararat* iawritoe Dmm VmbrtM— thus the' swne zinc cast horizontally or vertlcaUx d^oe, asloUows:ts the B<i^||Ba Journal, from Prori- _fft1 1c— CryataBzaUon totke Ba»—8crr«hata« of bodies as it doe. their power coadnethaat;Tfphatt—Kxfmmatmmin a diflfiarent ratioof Iheawnersnaasedtiu» upotnte^noUier to take pes-lb^nmeirof yester-no n8u n?55»«V *''*'•*of the atmosphereItgoing smoothlylows:,he had 1866-6... S*,06S 40a,00*heia,fromsomenewexpert.teredtothe oftheAltar whereitisever,NewportislosttoLtaoouc,therewUlbealedby ofcourse,andthesecondoneuteforthe ofaninsolventfromMsdebts.of These investigations are ferrocyanide potash.•f high theoretical and practical Talue.Workers in metals are, we understand,finding good uses for a new liind of bronze, madeThat it never has been doabied in:nitrate of potask andthought ment.sympattiiiewith, themove-jurisdicUon of theevidence it apiieared that the defendant 18S».<010 of with90 parts aluminiumwereports.: .^.. •:.by melting togetherof capper. It is described as being tenacious asthe North. What fied by the recent decisions in the Supreme Court of not included In' the list of defendants'plalntilfs eredtton,norpractically1,000 do4,000 do3,000 N. C. State 6's.1,000 do7.000 Missouri St 6'B.. 77^ iOO Mich. Central R... 63 6,000 Cal. State 7's...62X 860 62^62the labors of Mr. B. Thom-Breckinridge, garrisoned byN.Y.S. —— — — — — —Geoiogiqueitshow that the salt con-lialers7la 40aPuoh,ofNOHT MJtiCO. HBRyThe ^onara KrTalatlaa — Haattlitr af the Apaikea—OUaeellaneaB* News.'Northern pttooaraUcoalidldalB for the StiSLiS" beso made and oftsessloD, Nlckersan rslhsed to give up possessioa ofday.and vinlenthr egeeted ftpm thsClaMBdon Hotel, by22 The Cincinnati Gazetti- r^M, i'mature la capable of fur-paity, to interfere with their arrangements.tfaem near some two hundred Magdalkaa,He foundIheLiBcoui. There is noBeU or Breckinridge ejlectorai m New-.,.*:J'^,!1'^°"'"''*'»''''^ the Court has ju^ri"s^- diction of tbe case.part- nership between the defendants, and that the premisesIS6S-S... 1867-8... 1866-7...nn.noe 60,0M) M,ai)Sie.nSJWgoodunderMoBEisea, has arrived in the vicinity of Fort Bu-ma and MlssissIppL The eSisctof tUsesrIy fioMis variously estimated. Where tlie crop was in a for- ward condition and near little lapolish-structure and found.to kill tbe plant.advioea report Iwaty.tsMtatime, whileand in tiUs justprevails unimpaired. Exceplkms overruled.For libelant, Messrs. Owen, Graylfc Owen. For respondent, Messrs. Benedict Burr & BenedictPEACTICE—COnWBlL VCCg.Rutael SturgiM vs. tke Steamboat Joseph Johnson.— The libel In this case was filed to recover salvage. The case was tried, and decided by the Courtin favor.producedopponentsoftheDemccratic, which is the of tbe enOrestrengthAetlaa farstockalone.they find unarmed or We cannot really see how the infantry willas so much weather."stIU depends upon 'Ailueprotect us,but trust to thewisdom of the Adminis-is fotmded on a supposed error in the Court in fixing his compensation at too small a sum, that error Is one which may be corrected by appeaLThat the fee-bill of 18S3 was intended to do away with the previous uncertainty in relation to the costs taxed in favor of the .prevailing party, and being a remedial statue it Is entitled to a liberal construction.The rant andia important, both because it exercises an C. is of the that the could concen-' opinion Apaches;maycertain coniingencies worthy of attention. northern latitudes, for instance, a diminution in the degree of saturation will warn the navigator of the brealiing up of ice in the Polar regions, or else it will inform him of the proximity of land. Mr.That as the fee-billpensation in lieu of the compensjition then allowed by law, and provided that no other cOmpensadon shall be taxed or allowed, tbe Court has no power to in- crease those allowances by an allowance of a cuimsel fee.Motion therefore denied.For libelant, Messrs. Benedict, Burr and Benedict For claimant, Messrs. Beebe, Dean and Donohue.Oyer and Termiaer.TRIAL or PATBICE HENNB88BT FOB ARSON.The trial of Patrick Heimeese'y, for arson in40S( Land Warrants unsettled, vmmOur Own Oomapondent.J^lJi. ?«""*• ?TM,? J'l °'J«",«",'o»how ttuit this is ridicu- statement'"SfiiJ^**damages ttheyear, compared with theThe cause was tried before Justice Au,k>, at the log moDths last year. The aggregateatSl corre^TM^ aie^^"Oct 2, I8S0. that the revo'ution in Sonors is not;»aJ?iS. TM.'ToBAC,oa. The united forces of theThe present Government of Sonora has lately Indi- cated a desire to faeilltate the business of this isolated region, by opening to us a route to the Gult Oa thethe earUer expo- laws of the Uniteidoctrine of English adjudicationsof some of ourcitizens, Gov. Pssqui- drets. Mr. Yancit said: Iand all whom kllliogas a salvage compensatioa.A motion was now made in his behalf for a counselOct. 24. Excfaanne—more moderate range, but it is yet too early to name *tration. Having ceed in this.failed In allon the Gila. Thisthe Indians got the stock half-a-mUe from the post,'tis1,000 Hud.Kiv.^ M B. 92 50 do830 SSOS2— -..-r..IS4« Utaposttheypostis62;^were—.b30 e-ili61540S4 Ohio, KyTt Ind... Ha \ Mobilesafe,asattorneys at common equity proctors admiralty, and the term proctors also includes coimsel or advo-il^nence over various marine species, and b3cause trate 600 warriors In three davs. What could a com- le.esit. Saioxht's plurality Is 24,840MUIII. C«u. R. Bs ... 95 200do*en asxoii—ii furnish mariners with useful indications of pany of infantry do against such a force! This com- ity over all opposition, 1S,6S4. The average Republi- cates.)fhas net over five effective men. We are twenty-can plurality is 21,374 ; bined oppoeidon, 15,432.specifiedcertain rates of com-40quite SFICIX.In panytold that recruits are on the way to reinforce it, but repori says they are in the field against the Navajos.2S I>el.& M.CansI Co.. 95300 do21 Secoad-arenae R ..100AITaJn In Syria.ACTIVE BESETOLXNCB O* THE AMERICAN IflSSION-ABIE8—HOW THE NAKED AKD BUNOBT AEE   FEDANDCLOTHKD.The Beirut correspondent of the Boston Travel- ler, In a letter dated the 22d ult., writes :its present condi-60do91)4 91V ino—— lOa — Twenty Francs.. 3 S4«" The Committee, while It retahis Anglo-American" As we haveof Snraia A. Docolas is now turned toward thelilnerant of Yankee soon be peddler nodons,wlllhawking his pinclilieck principles over the South. He comes in our midst wrlth no worthier motives than60 do10« Panama Railroad. 300 doGENERAL MARKETS. Nsw-Yoax, Wednesday, Oct'st, I8»-« P. Itremedy was soon abandoned, and Dr. Vella'S einausted, that they fight and trample each otber the State Cooimittee, we earnestly request your care-8.i)<success asciibed to goo<l fortune rather than to the down to get into the front ranks. Mr. Joaasoir was ful attention lo this, and remain, aga.n requested to send soldiers to keep the crowd Y^ours, truly,tbat occasion, and the defendant's name was not 550 do 41?s ISO Del., L.&WeBtern R 91lt R. A. WIGHT. amongst them. However, he admitted that only those SCO do b60 42!4 100 Lacrosse &HU.R.. 1)4Tuesday,gn^D^r^^2. That the action setofQuaB0N,who ia satisfied from numerous carefuUy that they c< aid march upon the capital and principal vativesd'Iheave openly and nearly unanimously es- llS^'coi^representationsBSA issued a decree permitting goods in transit to be to anv case of the SouthI a man to point "That the supposition that this rule has been modi- gronteS, i.nd contended that as the say defyVI'he white frost rrpprted last week waapretty gaa-great savhigslilpping tliis way. The saving to onr Government on alfo cheers andsand dollars a The Seventhpoint to anyactdiction Nobody cases stillstrong.ticket There is aport, for Bill and EsvtrxoangmOlbdu-tWltihieg feellog it Is are all contained la the merits of the exceptions were letexcepUona new a com-"The 412,704,vote isaggregate very heavy, amountingand that of last year (3S3,788) —exceedingtoI.OOOS.oeo F.rie K. Bs., '7S.of Messrs. TdoufeokBbothebs:SAM. NORTH,of a year, spent in making fresh experiments, Dr. tion, some of the most deUcate among the lauies Can you give me the names of some active men in persons had their names entered who had paid at the 200 Fesn. Coal Co 82Grand totalefficacy of the poison. But now^, after the lapse witliin proper limits. Notwithstanding tills precau-IOO* COTTON—Is active and buoyant Sales, «,S0* bales. The course of business in this Une, during ttaa week. Messrs. Nsiu. Baos. k Co. notice tfeas : "An active competition from all buyers set in at New- Orleans under the frost reportSv and, with an eaeiledmarket an advance of )4c was established. Tha.„Villa returns to ihe charge, and sends a new andhighly interesting communication to the Academy powers of endurance. They continue, however, toyourchargeStCOBD BOAID.past•f Sciences. As lockjaw consists in an unnaturalthe sterner sex.Iir. V AH DrcK bad taken charge of the hospital, andthe Hudson River Railroad, from which it appeared that the defendant might have left New-York by the ytf o'clock train, and reached Albany by 8 o'clock3,0«o do 88)4 450 Har. Kailroad e.OiO MissouriState 6's 76)4 200 dorigiditya similaradvancewasaeasily understood that ail Dr. Vella*s researchestend towards establishing an antagonismbetween woorali and strychnine. For this pur-pose he l;as made 97 experiments, forming two Druses in that wild reglun. He has found grc;it difti-41 'jSl5 63 (12 s30 62ulation of woorali into the blood, while in the latter, a mi.tture of strychnine anil woorali were injected into the veins, and found to be utterly in- nocuous. For these experiments Dr. Vella con- cludes that woorali is the tru^ physiological anti- dote of strychnine. Those whom the subject may interest will find in thi^ Revueon this interesting and important matter. — -r-Freqnent use is made in the artsinstance, in the coloring of certain stuffs, such asgreen gauze, green tulle, &c., and in the making ofartificial flowers—of a v«ay dangerous chemical,forti.eir use by Gen. Kmetty, was informed that he First liistrict of Virginia on the ticket wlilch supports to try Enright first, whereupon Smith stated,Wedmsdat, Oct. 24—p. M. There was mroh excitement on the Stock Exchange to-day, with a large business done onl.'.tCantemporaine (Hareh 15, 1860.) some important considerationspledged liis honor to accomplish this object, and I have iaitli in him.interestyourreaderstoknowthatcanwaters,returningfromIreland. TheCourtdid not notice the inaccuracy, and allowed the trial "to benamely :Arsenite of Copper.and PalesiiLe is tbe land nf their fathers, andet al.—The defendants nowat Chambers ofequal to about 45tral opened with some show of steadiness in the morning, at SlJiSI, but after the adjournment ofresulted from the use of these fabrics, and com-plaints in consequence having reached the FrenchMinister ol Commerce, he has just addressed a cir-cular to the various Prefects, instructing tiiem tokeep a watch over manufacturers which ^ployaisenite of copper, and warning manufacturers thatsevere punishment awaits all who put fabrics intoGommeice whose use may be followed by ill effects.It seems that Sir Johx Hebschel, from sometepurkable phenomena exhibited by the sun lastSyriatbat as it is a land so full ofed \v ith ttie past, and eo replete with hope for the fu-ture, they must rally to me aid of their Christian men." brethren in the East, who are/ctdldren of the same Almighty Father, and calls upon them to give liberallyRepresentatives,applied,before Justice Lboktepvtationthereof, and,plaintiff,i^o how urgesit is for an ob-follons I Come, Sir, toe the mark—enter a retraxitprobable consequences,to -have been led to formsions in the editorial complained of, but he declined ever be saved, after bringing in such a hungry press Company, known as tbe Erie Railroad llivislou, tained rise. The lowest sales of which we are ad-of a weather-prophet, but at the sameof ket fairly assumed a panic anxiety to sell, and large amounts of Michigan Southern, Michigan The plaintifi' averred that the defendants, with in- Central, Illinois Central, Galena, Toledo atidperfectly possibleservant person, connecting many scattered indica- tions and some very remarkable and unusual ptie- nomena with speculations on their possible orland. Tbe Protestants of the North, I say—not thena general opinion as to the character of a season inadvance. Scientifically speaking, and connectingthese fhenomena with the laws of solar periodicity established by Scuwaue and WoLF, he is disposed tj) regard the meteorology of the last twelve months as more pregnant with instruction than that of any equal lapse of time on record. But asfor the announcement of any given sort of weatherfor timeand he it asato do more than he had already done, so tlie difficulty stands unadjusted.forthenoinm:ilsumof*l50.0i)0. Of tbat suio.as alleged,lime sorry for It themselves. Memory of great but 530,00(1 were paid down, and the remainder of toe vised are, of Michigan Central at 62, Michiganany given i>lace,thing at [iresent quite beyond the powi^r of anynaught, and all for the Prote.s-tant succession and theConstituUon in Church;md that it was to all cnn- .Mit'ourls .... 7;KS 7fc?i 76)^ -Vichif au S. advantageousmeteorologist, exceptthat of an imminentin a very few cases, such aschat, Miss Hosmsr promSBSdedIand state; and now this°good faith...cyloncin the hurriruue re-presumesto flout our83I77Ji 38Ji36)434gions,frombarometricindications,andoneortwo —Col.mob WeU,The case was on Monday before Justice Lioi»ari> at Chambers of the Supreme Court for argument on tbe motion, and decision was reserved.CourtThe now denied the application for Receiveron the of the ordered tbe defendants part piaintifi^butKrieHn.honUarlemHarhm Pref. 44)4 42ivother strong indications of ^immediately impendingchanges, which general experience ha.-^ 9ugge*itedto—the weather-wise.;Accidents havingVto be used in evidence on the early Board was seized by the prevailing panic,regardsHe said that Uttle "Puck" (ordered bystill called forth the admiration of all who view itwnirh was carried off Authors who have published tallies of the'' mn: autiers. Heeipansicn of» metals have diflered widely in theirbyin the course of Ids notecan count for as much on the one LAW RKPORTS.ti^make a certain denial in their answer morespectric.changes in StateSept'existingir'CED,three thousand refugees of Hasbeiyaand Merj Ayume wLUh were brought from the interior by a Turkisn hatuilioii un^er Coi. O'RsiLLY to save them from the6060 N. 150IOOj_cio 61 K'iO doas, forills place, or allowing ittocline was in New-York and Erie, from 36year, had formed the opinion that this year would Richard Busteed. Mr. Busteed, It seems, attemptedtoenlightentheDemocracyofJamaicaonMr.be characterized by extraordinary floods of rain in Doug-las' qualifications for the Presidency, and Welling, tne England. As the propliecy has been more than editor of the i^ann«r. made charges wtiich Mr. Bus-;cent., making afulfilled in the unpari'Uelcd rain falls which thejournals report as having marked the Summer, has received a great many letters reirariling theteed thus sumslife and conduct 1 publicly Invade the sanctity of ttieon which he based l;is pr^iiiciion. In a Isle communication he deprecates the unenviable—TheExpress Company,Henryand the defendants are trusteesgroundsAhplaintiffli,eSabbaththat my:AffairsA HOUSE DIVIDEDBxpresa Cpmpaay. A0AIN8T ITSELF.I I !aulaotse great Protestantfair way of being undone at42BiirUnBton ..87 8683)4result. Mr. Ceacegaged in investigating, the subject, communicates Gen. Washinetou handed down to his nephews hisleading Railway Bonds. TheCalvert,who has been en-luli it to rosnritr with the injunction with whichHow to Collect Bills. PATINO FOR A SLIGHT INIJULaENCE.have been obliged to give op ttiis department to thedistrict who will take pastt rs at the polls 7of Mr. Killt's captain's office. Some passengers paid afterwards in the gangway, when the tickets were collected.gentleti.en, the exciteureut proving too great for their cut and sew and prepare the garments for distributiontSS" Please destroy this circular. Yours, truly,R. A. WIGHT, Box No. 740, AibanyT-Tbe kDlstrict-Aitorney produced the time-table of $7,roo Tenn. St. 6'8, '00 90 !60 111. Cen. B. Scrip..7516)^16Wi activity was parity shared by other marltets, aad atbyTHE NORFOLK tltTESTIOlf. IthasbeenreportedthattheDouglasDemocratic10 Erie Railroad IOO doC60 do33 25 do31?i 100 Gal. k Chic R. 660 71of the muscular sy.stem (which, with allits accompanying symptoms may be ailijlciallyproduced by strychnine,) while the essential char-acteristic of tlie woorali poison is that of producing mothers is alsa reluxi.iwH of the muscular system, it will be ai,a is very useful in preserving the little children roun.sel. charge by JuJge. jurywith the surgical aid of Dr. Barclay, relieves the sick, and " minisiers to the mina diseased'* while he ap-thenextmorning, allowingIdmamplelimetohaveMobileplieshealingfor nursinghospital buildiuKS, pound to him the ueslions put to Mr. DutroLAS at and a brief the the re- HiO do b60:0trieart The Kitchen soupdispatched a messenger to Mr. BaEcxiNaiDOE. to pro-on fire to starting.- .830 31860 do176 Mich. S fc N. 1. R 200Hei.litgRconnected with the from starvaiion..Dr. J. E.of Sidon, has now inchargesaysmenjbers of the Committee, which was mailed to Mr.signsThe Distriri-.\iioiney moved on the case of Francis>anout Europe, catUng upon them for iit>eral contribu-)^ opposscent, yesterday to 30^, and upon this Stock the market finally turned upward, the quotation from London cent, sterling money,anu other eudpnooernt and n^ucb Intel est in the subject.that the gentlemenwhoIIIm the in community,or inaka proof of your accusationsimer, the sculptress. As Miss Hosmer,Lomsunder thesewas, who hadfact,with Mr. Everett,address to the Jews through-in Lonuon, lias issuedtions lor the in Syria, and that the RoissomLDSto the industrial u\e policy of New-Jersey ;andthe conserva-postponed.IsraeUtes areDr. Adlik bases ills appeal upon the ground thatwealthyfeeling^cent^here. New-YorkCen-holyas to be restored to the land to which their theyhcpetraditions, prophecies, and hopes, point as their future home."for a Commission to Mexico, for the purpose of taking theFHRS^ONAL. — -—Thepondence between the editor of tbat paper and Mr.down to 60onwent 66,^tet;LongIsland Farmer a corres- publishesapproachedthe latter turned and recopiiztng her at once, an-Company,tion,ticipated an introduction by greeting her warmlv and expressing his great pleasure at meeting her again.enrichPpleaninsteiffa,nfdor himself and In betialf oEfxportheesrs sCtomcpkhaonlyd.-Monday and yesterday afternoon, as follow.sMon. Tn.'a.Wt'l.After awith Lord Lyons.intheaffairsoftheAmericanCom- I'acific Central.•>« stH MS91Hpleasantyoung son of a DutchmanIWashingtonto Mr. Thaddeus Hyatt for using his influence so suc-! IsL-land IfM If'Bi 153i|Gdena69Ji 6734 W)4 74 73 7liice^jfuily44It will be noticed that61)i6059wa^to Washington, and some of the Jolu Brownin securing the return of the pistol whichwhich seem in a and show these nngrateinl G ermans that the Protestaats of Irelandpie-ented by Lafayette'• says,Feeling myself to be only the enstodlal possessor ofpialntUTinconsiderable, and the same quite re-this relic, its I can oniT trans- history being national,to theo'clock left offSiiiff tlic Africa's mail, which closed earlyassociations connect-'• Your articie suggests that in myup ;that 1 am of intemperate iiabits ;af tbe American" And eo the Prince of Wales tiasof the schools aad churches in our midst, and to the nence to disavow, and to snub, and insult the Orange-practices and are purspitsthesince when have the Brunswlckers beento theadv-ancement of leammg and the lualnienance of menhadAlexander M. C. Smith vs.opposedprosperityimperti-Wells et al. is a stockholder of the AmericanwUch we dwell."laden *^""y°fCharleston. It needsnoh.sny foundation. We have nearlyof2S,eMi voters In this Slate, according to the returns ofdamages forup the libel is one in the "Citytottdiieted experiments, that neither the piseoas cilies It ithout oppoaition. Alas for their hopes, Gov. pouf causeColfubLuooLS aad Hakus. They havoef 3. That the libel did not show that the vessel was af—This was an action breught to recover the bal-O""'*Dr.CHAiiLM hoped to t e reinforced at theReal.UMOEB TBE TWO-THIBD ACT.Joiy AuioM September*'2!?S» mjmTftyiUiwmover ro,OW) Voted the straightUl:/!^*"**";,*"."»"•«»Spnguevotes,W>00 forthepossessionoftheveweLMagdalena,northecombinednitro- PxsQmaaAhadInteUlgeaceoftheirmovemenU,and ft,h.at-*f£a•c"ti.o*n*,•s*o•thatthreenreaeatlBgtheMntirnweenrteit S'l?r^e1?t8t^'?*°~°T'"*'"«»°"»«cabetween ancedoeforrentofpartofpremisesNo.196Green-. contest will be directly between DouofAS and;soon as he made tils appearance, the Invaders scat- said, vrill carry Newport for Mr. Linools. If, how- being essentially Mtter of form which may be bbri- been discharged pursuant to the .provisions of the stat-— have we entered both at Guajrmas and Lobos at one-half regu- property of yours what instilution of yotirscommand of Col. chanan. Our wise Administration has ordered allso Mr. Indian is to combat withfoot soldiefs, all very well hi their way, but really of down. Do you call that putting down free speech,ttie mounted.men offto tell them don't like, they knock him something iheyto\Hou.'Hon. W. L. Yancit delivered aPus's Opera House, at Cincinnati, on Saturday eve-ning last Thefoliowtaigwas an Interlude inhirad- maritioie jutlsdictloB.ii,aat 21,000JTeillinjuringtheVniied States, in relation to domestic vessels, bi a did they receive notice of the for dis- any applicationofas a rommtmity, or by a representative of the entirety;defy anypointand Ithe South,to any actsection, which would trench upon any of your priri-the sum of $l,ouomay Estimatefi are prove disi-.ppointing.assuming aOS the contrary, we have done much for you. THC BE8DLT IN OHIO.fee in tbe cause, in addition to the taxable costs.figures,The State Jimmttl, of Columbus, Ohio, gives official returns of the late election from all the coimties in..SS97J4 lOOdo dofollowingare theCurrency,by 5S,936 votes a remarkable Increase. The aggregateCurren^.^ .3-lOeN.Ene'dkN.Jer. 1-6e XllinoiskWisoon..on any other office, clearly showing where the intensi- ty of tbe struggle lay. BaisEiaaon's majority is 13,-004. MuxAAT's plurality is 2S,278covered by that act, because counselors are not men-Baltimore 3-109interior Penn h'it K Free Indiana InteriorHaryland. >i9iLonlsianaIlls aiisoiute major- ity over the Democratic and Union votes combined,iicHors andproctorsExecutive Commitee, at its late meeting iu Richmond,prepared the materials and plans for :»eitlng tbe house50 do 160 do^31f4 100 3ik 60do 71)4 do bio 71kegrams, however, reportlongaddress intheplabitiff.Satterly.mitoo niM BsoTHugje.his clear maior- average mi^rlty over com-500 do 96)t 1001,0011 do 96 ISO , do Gtion H. h at.J». R.K.b. .e»H ISO dosOido ranmore votes for Limcoui than any one of the other three candidates, and an absolute Republican majority of8^3114 100 do lOit 100Iil.Cent.R.Scp..b«0 77—At the Presidential150 Cum. Coal2S Pacific M.S. Co.... 92Silver.Oldelection,give 40,000pref..11An.Qr.Dols.tl sa« .fl OSa —8pan.8Uverfiai. I 2S« —25.000,—the Opposidon remainingLincoln elements on one electoral ticket this majori-we would run toty, t)eileve, up 30,000."MB.D0CQLA8III THESOUTH.The Memphis Avalanche speaks as follows of one ofthe Presidential candidates :1000 SOdo do do do76 830 76 twk 7676^ »S>i 72— SoveteinsCfold.4 86a4 Kintion. But should there be a fusion of ail the Anti-60fi60 N. y. Central R. 1150 dot>es do7M do25S do....,100 doloe dob«0 .French Crowns.. 1 German Crowos. 1 08^Ten-thaier pieeas 7 sr« — Ten-guilder pes. 3 SSa — Span.Doabloons. IS loaisasalready announced,the bloatedrisageU60 do b60 !}(tnn 132^2110 do S30 72*j orating influence of the trade winds and a tropical ing men from the Greek, the Roman Catholic and South. He commences his tramp to-day, and like an ses. No. 33 Goerck-street, on March 2S, was contin- 70 do «3 132!4 30 do 72kits original name, lias now among its members leai-the first degree, in setting fire, as alleged, ta his prem-.750 M. So.k N. Ind.R. 17 100 do 60 do b30175i 200 do 150 Erie Railroad 2a do;d>ter marks three degrees at high tide, the ebb mak- Nearly 20,000 persons are now fed by the Commit- the incendiary, for lie can only expect by Ills visit to Bridget Tiertuy testified that she was the sister of 26 do 3t\ 660 do b30 72JC bbls. Flour, 02,96« bushels Wheat, 35,319 bosbelsit fail at least one degree, (the more the instru- tee, and the number is still upon the lucrease. Kev. add to the strength of Biu, wliose election it is ob- the defendant and lived at Albany she saw him 100 do b3034^ 100 do .blO 72>i Com, 648 bush Man, 220 pkgs. Provisions, aad 131ingment sinks, the less is the salt contained in the spei.dlng several mouths in Beirut, Is occupied from 9 DooGLAS would make a decent, dignified, truthfulwatsr.) Along the coasts, subject to the influence A. H. till lung after sunset In uistributing alms to the speech. Ids arrogance could be tolerated. But be it clock in the morning; at 226 do34}J 1600 Olev. & Toledo R.. 34)4 bbls. Whisky.dodo 34!t do...: 860 34)4be0do 3S)(do 860of rivers, the instrument, according as there is flow335»Pots, and 307H. H. Jssscp, of the Tripoli station, who has been vious lie prefera to that of BucxiaaiiKiI. If Mr.her hotise on Monday, tbe 26th of Marehfabout 10 o'-» InspeeHoastarving thousands which surround him, and most no- bly has he oevoted himself to this department of labor. So great has been the press and clamor of the throngsaid, to tbe shame of our politics, that he so equivo- cates and deceives, so atiaudons the truth and sticks to falsehood that he renders himself an insufferablethe previous Julysaw htm saw him again on the'16 do100 do b303t<ir ebb, oscillates between 2.40 and 3.50 degrees,but rise to 3.80 in southern latitudes. The thai be nas t>een obliged to apply to Mr. Josasoa tor nuisance, while he has brought into disrepute tlie John Malay, a police officer of Albany, deposed that 360 do 67!< do b30 3S 34)4c.A35)4c. 1^ %.mayGulf Stream marks 3.90.—It may be remembered that the Frenchsolaiersto aidlilm inpreservingpeaceamongthe politicsofthecountry."following day. onMondaymorning,26thMarch,hesawdefendantin 100 dob43i)4 b30 3t^R 66 66!i66S 810 66b60 e7VCOFFEE—Thedemandhasbeenmoderateio-dar. at uniform prices ; Java, ie)4c«18c ; Rio, IS)ie.» 15S4C: Haracaibo,l4)(e.ai6c.: aad St. ]>oasinse.atSmck very Ught. Messrs. WaTSoerefighting applicants, and to defend tilm from t)6mg over- run by the excited multitude.Rev. Dr. Tuomsob lias charge of tiie clothing de-A PRIVATE CIRCULAR.The following choice electioneering document isAlbany ; be was a witness In a case of grand larceny, and bad tieen subpoenaed to attend.425 do IOO do 100 do6T do h3057)t 4rxi Chic. & R. I.do do do60 do 100 do 60 do 60 do on the successful aj^lication of the curare or ting and folding the garments for distribution among graphical Sketch of Hon. Wu. Kxllt, which we are fore the Grand Jury and give eridence ; defendant re- 200 doIt.k Son netlce the week's movements in Slo thos:of Siences last year received anaat communication from Dr. Tilla, of Turin,and the BUaslon sctiool rooms wlUch nare been devoted to tills purpose are tlironged with ladles, who, under his supervision, are measuring out, cut-brought to light by the Albany Bveninf JournalAcademyimport-partment:Axiamt, October, 1890.860 56)4 60 . eeh 1st asoesli 60IPrivate.J DiAB SiaWe send you herewith''There has been a good demand Cor Riodnrtafttte:copiesof a Bio-past week, and the entire stock of 10,U3 baas basbeea S3056 200 Chic, Bar. & Q. R. 84)4 di'prsed of as lollows : 3,380 per Jbseph Gries, at,wooreilt poison to the cure of lockjaw. The dis- tiiC poor. When a sufficient number of garments anxious to circulate as widely as possible among Re- plied that he could not come that day as it was his SCO Harlem Kailroad, . 15 585 do83 Mi stnliHc; 2,S22 per Cbirence, at 14e.; 4,0W. balanoeperCh,lcil. by auction, at I3)ic.ai9>ic, 13socovery, precioushe did graphed to him to come up on Monday.and 525 on b30 85)« tions."b6086)4have t>een cut out and prepared with thread, needles, Bubli(»ns and Americans, espedaliy farmers and busy dayimmediately Ac, the multitude of the naked and ragged are let in, Baptists. Some of the copies are inclosed in envel- ney and telegraph the dciendant so,250 do 50 do 8lO 15H ISO do100 do hlO 16if authentic, wastried in France, but the attempts made were only ana the scene becomes one of the wildest confusion opes, tliat you inay address them to the less arx;essl-iaverage ket closes hrm, with a gooA ti^tm^nti at oarsuccessful in two cases out of seven, so that this and uproar. The desire is so great among the candi- bie wtriie tlie others are for distribution ;"dates lor clothing to be supptiea before the stock is in more immediate In trchalf of your neigliborhood.20 do 200 doamongthoseto Albany, the Sunday evening tioat tbe Francis by100 do ISJi SO doSTOcx or aio.b20 85 Oct 20, New-Orleans, bags 14J0(Norfolk by Mr. Lamb. The Virginia Index denies tlrrd shortly after 2 P. a. At a very late hour there the this, but that the following note, signed by all ihe were no of their agreein^on a verdict.300 do 30)4 200 doiro Chix;. & Bock t. R. 64,« .lO Mich. Cen. R . ; sin 62BE£0iLiMiinu£ on the .Sth. s'lll remains unansweredofVir-an<l I^orenzo Stewart, aitas Stevens, indiciedy.Cen.our accounts of(steims and frost." HEV-IOMJL CLASSmCATIOV.Hon. John C. BRrcKiNEiniiE— Commineeofh60li:lNew-OcleMS Mobile, ud nui. t> s S 8)j 8)tashamedarticle in question, and Mr. Busteed addresseffliim as Dutchman's son heir apparent to the crown of Ire- those officers.good or(:erMr. Welling admiited that he was the author of the Orangemen of Ireland tiiere would never have been ainthe Prince for presenta-covery or improvement after the adjournment ofthe Second Board in the afternoon, was gen- quiteeral, -and prices hnally closed, as compare*! withcompany;:side as on the oUier."John H. and John Graham for TroppVan;Fo» Thcesbat. SorBSME Court—CincniT—Par( /.—Over and lor lue purpose of shedding blood, save inself-defence Terminer. Part 77.-Noe. IS'JS, 18.'4, IftM. 1630, 1632,general4}we hear of no^steady.h V c s» ords. V17.of the London PA? 't;.^oj)A7Va/ .V«:ra;Mf. On com- "I '!! ';','""'' "f 'heir country, and then the possessors 16.16, 1»38, 1642, 1392, 1594, I64S, ItiiS, 1680, 1662. 1664, tiff•n elaborate paper thereon to thember issue:• That they should not be unsheathedThomas Walker vs. Jacob Wilson.—The plain- ttiis IKicuiioND, (Va.,)^'/r tliftNationalDemocraticof by iiitlicting injuries upon him in a liquor50 Hudson l4iv. R.slO l^O ''o 61cornerofCedararid Weststreets,ofubleuheinsMUtlit.ns given by Ismail I'asha (Gen. KMErrr) ior ginia. iiow in session, resjjectfuily request you to an- died on Sept. 1 at tbe City llospiiaL On behalf 2.10 do6l'„ do -JHUpluiiLFlorid*.Partypoisoned wi.h strychnine were cured by the innoc- tb( ir lelict, and upon appdcatton to the Governor lor swer the inclosed questions, propounded to Judge of the .iccused, ex- Recorder Smith dem;inded lOOHarkm K. I'ri-fer'd 41)* 100 Cleve. k Tul Rdifierent series, in the former of whicit. auimnlscultylti indut-ing tllte local authorities to carry out thestore100 doOr,iirnrv V Mi.irllir.g. V»i.. .-lis Mi.liilii.t; 1 iiir.^. Il.)'.54C.Mton for Ihe b.s' wrck .i.nd sinceof the Orange and the Blue ?But for theior stand convict- called Orangemen— thisplaced youngster's fainllyed m the judgment of liberalsciiutar, of a scandalous violation of truth and de- iiever sincecency." To thisoemaiid Mr. Welling responded bv my heavy curse upon the said Protestants andasking Mr. Busteed to point out the onensive expres- Orangemen, it is doubtful to me if their .souls (;an pany, a branch of the;men,andinfuritcm- uponthethroneofIreland,andmaintainedthemonRock Islandabout as littlewere bid up tluring the recent and stubbornly .sus-—^Abetween His Royal Highness and Miss Hos- los'B Dragoons and the French ofMichigan Giiaianteed, USJ; IllinoisTole-incident ot the ballthe Prince by the Boetonlans, was the interview Boy ue River, all;pleasantgiven to•gang over us;and Ihope theyarebythis—tent to cheathad transferred to the United States Eipresj,preci] itatelyclosed outwithfor which(amongst other things) I layCom- business of the American Ex-to as the same stocks regard pricesinterests_and 1 confidently trust supported Mr. Filluoxe will tie accompanied by enough of their fellows in that canvass to ensure tiie election of Mr. PsHMseros, whose dignified tiearing and conservative policy are an ornament to the House of and anThe Texas Land Fraads, ANOTHER COMMISSION TO IS8CE.honor to the State of New-Jersey. Tlie country the Iwould have peace were the House filled with suchGOT. LETCHERA correspondent of the "IhaveseenaletterfromGov.stantially that, in view of imminent danger of secex fion at the extreme South, which result hehe is putting Virginia in a state of preparation to pre- ventanythinglikeforcebeingbroughttobear seceding States, by marohlug Government troops through Virginia," kc.Supreme Court,asd,SECESSION. Philadelphia LedgerIjtestimonyparties there,and good King Wiluam I—under these in colors,purchase monev secured only by the notes of theVniiedStates Company. fiiiiressSouthern, 17these belts and sashes, our lathers pressed through75 Galena, 70 ;J;Rock Island.him some Under these venerable colorsasked that the sale lie setaside,a receiverap-:cemed haswrittenaletterofthanks cred1111*8andribbons,andtreatusapresimiptuous pany.Express91iii3rS36Sj33 Toledorunning red,of the and was con.^uiuniaiod in the name Company,do, 32 J'2 33, and Burlington S4i^The re-King colors, of purple and orange, the stem Ennltkilleners and Dcrrymen, in the bog before Kdcommedan Hill, stood the cannonade of St. Ruth, and plunged through mud and water for the •• right of private judgment" and Peial Laws against Paplsu.GaaFt Calendar.market ata bad world«\ bf Ss iKockOJTand carried down on the Street to 81|^itreturn (or such usage would be to undo allachievements, any rate,Mich. S. 2d123)?123 122X1111. Ceo. Bs. •« 96)4 95)4the'...:Oct. 6, 1660. The Executivelor the manslaughter of Daniel Horrigan on Ihe 20lhLetchxe, stating^and the ade- only\his action ofhe iinds that close- -Hen. Alexander H. H. of had SopaxMi Cecal—Special Tmm.—No.x. 85, 134,114 alleged to have lieen done liim by reason of the best ratf! at which considerable snmshis results with tliose found vious shall fall, but not them." " 1674, 1678. tiy prt- reUnquish ia€6 1668ll670,broughttrespass,change.On LondonlOSJcent,is ofas spokenparingexpeiimenters,ly in tlioee cases where commercial metals havebeen einplojed. But wiien he came to those night, while on his way home from Lynchburgh, Soriiioa CoBSii'tliey agree veryStuart Virginia, 129, 126 115, 90, 91. 125. 128,his any clerk, in ids office.metals which be employed in a pure ^tate, such aslead tin bdc, copper, bismuth, antimony, cadmi- um,andgeW,hefoundamarkeddifference,which sinegr,vesheasaaccideinstances, blows followed, both giving and returning.cent., and the Stocltguide, and^he attributes to his experiments having been made feet into ihe water, Fortunately he only received athat by reason ol the Injuries none his clerk, an1 thetake GO strictlyiidmedouble-name pa^er, havingy.lth pure aetals. The paperrecords sariea seyeralthorough ducking.—A bust of the late Nicholas Hill has been exe-cuted by Richard D. I'arks, a pupil of Palmer, for Mr. Vim. CurHs Noyes, of this City.al done hhn he had suffered a loss.wbich damagedays to 4 months to'run,at or within the liaukwhich prove that, as forconducti- biliiy of heat by bodies, tlieir molecular eoniitijnPOSSESSION Charlesgeneithejury a5ses,stdat»t«t.„ratt! of7'¥' cent.ofexperiments.The eaic wts tried before Justice Boswoktb,atthoa narrow130, 131, 132, IJi; 135, 136,uponIt appears that some time since the defendant calle 1 cculd be sold by the leaiiing Bankere. The quota-escape from eerious injury last Tuesday 137. 138,139,77, 106,117, 107 —Tilal Tiim—for theisupon the plaintiff's clerk to collect a bill of ?25. whi h tion 10Si®108|. The Money Market continueswhei* he had beenv\ h,ie addressing a Bell and Everett Term.meeting. cro.ssing the aqueduct across the csiial, near the Tennessee d*nit,^bout 4 in the morn-AdjournedPECISION8 n< AD.-nrRALTY.he conld not pay. As is frequently the case In such profoundly qftiet at 6®" ^n.sf,fieelirlppape.l1distance o„,f s„o_m„e thirt^y tnlted Stalesqidteaillstuibance,anddamagedthefacecloaflmtthle figure,whiletheDiscountBrokersarereadytotall.yid..DlstrtetCeart,kefare Belts.PLCADINO—FOBEIDS COMMERCE. H. Pratt et al. vs. The Schoemer E. C. Hoicarrf—This was a Ubel iled by majority owners of!j---. overthewallwhichIAsappiearedUntitled Documentwrites:i{Ifor a commis- that no sufficient an- swcr or affidavit of merits has as yet been put in by the defendants, and for the further reason that it isnotmadeingoodfaith.A long array of statements were made by counselon both sides in support of their positions, after which the Court allowed the commission, and granted asub- deplores, againstapplication:Enripht August,BZPBK8SIVK.The Waslilngton 5(<ir owes the Democratic Jack- stay of proceedings until the 1st of February, 1861the Stock up to55'a56®57'S58 ^ dififerenceinafewhoursof4%cent. Harlemson a so Association grudge,It entities it, by way ofthecausetogoohtheJanuarycalendar.aDbreviatlon, the Dem. Jack. Ass.John Mitchell and the Orangemen.—In aLot C) Clark and P. G. Clark for motion H. C. ;to havereached the minimum•letter to the Irish American, JoHJf Hircasu. writesGardner opposed.nearlypoint yesterday afternoon, and although the press-ure to sell continued on this as on other Shares, the buyers took everything at 15®15J®16. Read ing also showed some disposition to steadiness. But when the Westeni list was reached, the mar-!!sitions of the Constitution aad States, or on the.• 1816-7 tbe dischaige of Judge 1866-S33.000Messrs.thatpossessorysulu were casesof admiralty andtioned in it.It provides fees for attorneys, so-M S. F C. B.6.C00 kicb S. 2d U. Bb 69H 620 U.S. ft N.I. G. S.. 41;the next day at 9 o'clock A. M.;theU costs aifNickerson filed excepUons on fiveplaintiffgo,him. as a trespasser.Cireuit of the Supreme Court and now resulted in a verdict for the plaintiff for sue cents..th•e.'dje'tTein.t'iJo'n^*o'f'^*^"""'''""'"pergonal property with one iV r,".ever assailed ? What citizens mistaken one. The presumption is not tliat a vessel charge, Ihey living more than on* hundred miles fromtbe ocittOB inail amiiitr7,aod bf we leanliave we ever assailed? Toioi—"Freedom of [Arequestingres'joied.) Nobodyhas ever assalledf.ee speecb. [A Voios—" Scassa."] The South assailed Suiina ? No, Sir. Anialividual in the South did that but that is not the Souta. You have individuals here, who, when a man undertakest>ecause some bully knocks a man down ? All these Uttle individual cases are not twand oa the communi-mightcanwhichvery partial fTiiiiiglC ilj|aman toof the who was awarded illieiant,AFFAIRSWit was his first visit to her sincePott and Pearis, V 100 »b. Stock in the;he staid 15 or 20 minutesJoseph Clmton deposed that he came from Albany to New-York, by dlrecUon of the District Attorney of that County, to serve a subpoena on the defendant to appear in Albany on Friday, the 23d March, to go be-b30 67)i 31666^ 6S6 doISe.aiJXc. V;34)i do S30 3iy,bbls Pearis, BEESWAX-3ales,4,M01bs. American yeOtnr, atwitness promised to-see the District Attor830 16 1654SMS*, per Bvangfline, private terms, llie mar-and tele-It was the defendant's own statement tliat he went 400 do b30 16 225 do;The CiareilUMIjpBOW TO DISPOeB «tStephen Birc*.-'nuakae%as«ikteilU]*eThe eMm»A to likre |ken wrongfiilly ptttotljrprayed the the defendantprotarvieertroatsd. <^Mt^ thevshowing the earmnr. of fifteena tabU railroadi in Ohtaad,They (daAnaants) givenByron LajUin et al. vs. Benjamin Hoaglani etTotalooTTOB oBor HovaaaiR tisei bft. t.to defendant Masonsecond, thatI'ne defendantsMorris, afler which the plalntlils submitted In evl- dence the papers noon which the discharae was1,000 ltich.C8«c.j8tUIO do 97H ISO' doTenneesee1)491 4» Hta ma— mB-IOO do660 do 34ASHES—CoBthiue In alack request, at «*81034V 33 do 33Jj34ta- Warehouse, this morning, (78 bbls.,includiBg 371 iMs.SOHnd. Rlv. R 675^67S4 doIOO do 260 do 6t0 do..poo do MV1300 do8B0 44 4« b:» 45uot^Skiddy, but Thomas Reynolds, clerk of that boat, testi-fied that be had examined the list of passengers for 600 do 8364194 60 Mil. k Mississippi R 11)4 Oct. 20, BalUmore, bags MtpreviousAfler the summing up of the case by the respective 200 do 3171 17.. 3.^ti.e Goveriiment builUint^s, which had been obtainel DocGLAS by Mr. Lamb, of Norfolk, Elector for the ' separate trials. The District-Attornev decided IOO do 31041^500 do 33ii Ti.e folhwiigis a statement of the movements ofyou for President Please address vour reply to B. M. Ds Wrrr, Chairman, Richmond, Va.that owing to the absence in Europe of an important witness, he could not proceed to the trial of Enright The Court directed him to make out Enripht's affidavit to that effect, which he did, andwisi.eu ipfor bis hordes. Thus has the zeal and klnd-rie.-s shown ty Ismail Pasha been rendered useless byttie corruption of his satwrdinates. The TurkisnColonel at Sidon has been removed, and other changeswill doubtless be made, as Foad Pasha Is determinedto restore order and safety and protection to all classes mass meeting in Newark, N. J., Hon. H. Wi.nter larly the affidavit averred that the witness had left prices, up to the adjournment of tlie Second Board, of the Suitbn's subjects tMrfore leaving Syria. He ll^s Davis says : New-York only three weeks ago, in the steamer Con- when a decided took from the lowestIb59,comparedwith the fiveItwillDr. Adlsb, the Ciiief Rabbi of the Jews, who residesTON should now desert him for the purpose ofThe heaviest additional de-^perhapsfilling tie filled, by a Democrat,the rates. advancing\iIi'" I feel sure that there can be no reason why the naught, for Ireland, whereas that unfortunate steam- rally placepeople who two years ago elected Wiluam Pennthg- 'er was burnt about three weeks ago, almost in Ameri- sales, and considerable eagerness shown to buy atpreceding years:SPEAKER ^EKNI^CT0N AND H. WINTER DAVIS. Ln a letter replying to an invitation to address aafterwards read aloud lo the Court.Butvery singu-the Sharelist,and a furtherprecipitatefall inJacob and Simon Musina-ya. Charles Stitlmartbeing made public as 41^^ofthe trial of the cause.Theplaintiffsresisttbe sion,alleging,inthefirstplace,^appearedand defraud the rest of tbe stockholders,werein the face of Hamil- The (liaiiiiiff also averred that although this sale Central,C4J cent.;Chivalryin conspiredvil- ers,we vvrecked thetime since) now adorned bis rooms at Oxford, and lages and sent burnt-out Catholics to Hell, or Con- poi"nTthed,deafnedndaanntasccoseutntuipng tohradtertebde. sale was made in Virginias Ho9n0.!iTu9c0».iHrSeid.i. Michigan C... eHi s.'iJi 62)4purported lo be on its behalf, mere set of the defendants,the United States Express loss of the .Americanthe to at the ex-Vorst <& Beardslee for defendants.Stocksfrom tlic evidence the aifair mtdt Jad«e clirk to a com^lderaWe extent. PlaintiffBrokers report a moderate demand at the insideTrial Term ol the Superim Cpurt.Yorkandistill itto recover damiiges an assaultISO Harlem R. Prefe'd. 43Keaniiig p^aoJ45!» 44,'4I..are mark appliesB....816 S23« 50 do do 82)4 100 do do b30 KI 100 domorning,movement in Ex-;From theHoagland, furnished capital, assisted in the transac- ll>6S-9 tion of the Imsiness. and admitted his partnership to 1867-8eralsolely in domestic trade unless It Is the Court where such was the that in the northerly portions ol lUsilssippi and be-Where? (Some confusion ensued la the audience,and there were cries of, " Turn him out," in referenceto the man who had made tne remark. There were That the manifest import of this libel Is to seek the Marine Court Decision reserved.junction continued, and the case referredWm. Mitchel, to report a proper person for Receiver.maturity, importanoe attached to it, .as ia such eases frost is as <rft«s i hiaii fit as otherwUe. Bnt where the seoond had*eandng, of Ae20084?4 7 Clev.Col. & Cin.R8«Hbwe4~ 12.-0 Gal. fc Chi. BbSOgS 400 beosliii tasa) S4H 200 a3>B4i( too830 84 700 do830 7372V« alS 72slO 72 7aS4do dodo ...J dodos:t0s30 Mii IOO »Ih.S.&V.I.».G..Stk. 3-5iS.') 100ll!i Il'i 12)4cent. AttheSecondBoardit soldattj2J,andsoonaftercent. Hudson River was of- fered at the ojiening of business at 57J, anders came in, and at and after the Second Boai^d, bidat S3i2S3iseller 30quently on the Street to 54 "p cent., at which buy-days,iind subse-19 IKij 17)4 Mich. Guar... 44i< 42 40 U.nois Cen.. 7934 76,.,bU>'66Vi.. .8306414qmtta-Tbe circular ofLand War- Specie quotations for the week, corrected for us from tbe rates current at the TUntii.^ offioeVirginia62V( Philadelphia I-5tt Michigan \a830 62'<Mexican Bols.Spanish lloli .... I 12a —Flve-Irooc pieces 9Bfi..PrusbiaB 1GuildersEnglli!h SUvrr.. 4 eo«< 86 PatriotOoabl'na. IS «»«U U Species 108 9 — G<Sd—Am. Old., fe. pna. OldAra.Hlf.Dols. 1 OtM —reported receipts of the principal Unds of prod-guoted. Ourlatestlel- quieter feeling at New- Onean-^. and at Mobile a portion of the advance is lost. The course of our markets will now be maia- 4t ly deiencent up<«n the Liverpool advices. We tiave alieady anticipateo an advance of three farthings upon the last guotatioos tliere, and much will, there- fore, ciej end upon ttie effect produced in Liverpool by!20 l^la. Astos,:IMTt13 13)4" Septemlier, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 