 oarha* ion.the., OBthe *twor ical:*£cificCeary, fgora's an- ac-|mber, next willfo, oodaily ;o for ye*-ltiooai>titioa lyingStition »ther» Win- sticut, as to I, and yer as to ea- se onay in eeoaV. W.msnd teaua- con- npro- y andd, be-. He f this >n.is noithe , and irnera on cue ex- pay of d cents,y years •eaola-rmr Uwid xe- » fordaily pend-le tho when, se ofatonic iteera >pted. ig the nt>se-sec- vaded ;e:ved union resp- ay beISO Ofbatter Scottint. upbeatPretd- t-Gen- deut's. *Iiep., > ques- nd the aldre-overn-v.:eiwen- t fourara to ieace,gfall's takingte:Bright. Crittwn-enn»>dy»>, Hate,proteo- y him,raaolo- sretary n rela- diaas»C M Q I ng and valueIfon toennsyl-;tion of wrmsof >iBtriotiogthe rt*bat. stton to- enga^ port hj>th*r it go intoton was ', hot |~heneo>ut,aadtunittee, passed, if reportpod us ftMr. NELSON (S. Am., Tenn.), from the Judiciary Committee, reported a bill, the substance of which is:rVherta; Polygamy i» *onght to hf> jnrttfied M a relijriotn rUht by the lshiiliitanta of oue of the Territories, aad aa tba -p'MI«fc« "f wtf-iovernment leqairea or sanction* raoh an abotni- jtation; th«r*fotnB* it cna'-nd. That soch pro-riaion or law In the State called "D*«»Tt, or IJtah, bo declaied nail and void; aad that persona jwiity of p Ijgancy bo fined $500, and imprisoned not lou than two. nor more than fiv© year*.Mr. KELSON moved that the bill be put on its pas- sage, beine inatiucted to d^ so by the Committee.MILLKDGVILLE, Wednesday, March 14,1860.fctWdffenri-teWk-oot^. Sagthe ©'ahrfantS in the Amistad caw. as recommended ** -by the President; also to report whether any, and if BO, "what farther legislation is necesaaryto secure awould endeavor to test both propositions by sound, and, as he thought, unanswerable logic. The doctrine of Congressional .exclusion was terselydistinguished candidate forthe Presidency would not accept the Charleston nomination if tendered to him unlees this doctrine were avowed. WhethertMhlishment of a National Foundery in his District.;•'* Mr.^^ WINDOM (Kep^, Minn.) obtained permission to ;road accidents. provided for; and finally, her rent, and grocery and DebateSan!'the Personal Liberty:hulfwastheacon-tinued; andprogreWreported. • ; ' / ;/ s-:„ • &£ bnioher bilkfallingin arrear, orlefi wholly m ^ i b yI'#•and rights. From this assertion of a sovereign Mr.UNDERWOOD{Dem.,Ga.)hadobjectedto power,arisestheRepublicandoctrineofaclaim th;» restriction on the freedom of discussion. There to control the social and domestic institutions of was not time to debate some of the important pro- the States, and hence the action of the Republican visions of that bill, one of which is an appropriation Legislatures of Ohio, Vermont, Connecticut and -of $40,000 for the suDpression of the Aircau slave- oiher States, instructing their members to votetrade. If it was for the purpose of executing the ex- against the admission of new Slave States,Apriations bad been repeatedly made.Mr. JONES (Dem., Ga.) offered a proviso, that no Tart of the amount be paid for the support and educa-From this clause Congress derived power to dispose of public lands elsewhere. He might refer to the decision of the Supreme Court on thissubjeci as being conclu-' sive, particularly as against the Republican party. HeIin New-York siuce 1817,' was $6,848,024 45.BILLS REPORTED FAVORABLY.18P5.588.. S 130,641 6:t 1859-WILEY and JOHNSON spoke m favor of the bill, and MesBrsTHASKINS, ElOHAEDiON, MERBITT andROBINSONagainstit. «jo <•^21 you give this communication an J .(JijkfjH at WetjeVitsuggestaspithya3ied^torM^^&<Mibiib<>Y9YMr;McQTtoE' introduced ama to^Mfrp^tethe* Ke j|>Ie^efl; w h 2 e ; ^go—ftwith?Mr. riage.as the talented editor of TVte I)crweraiotiBa cfty, a»•same might be Baid of Slavery in a State. As this was the first intelligence of a Democratic Convention having adopted this doctrine, he would set it down aa a second branch of the parental stock of Squatter Sovereignty. If Slavery required positive law for its introduction, then Slave property could not be held in a Territory, and it was superfluous to talk about Wilmot Provisos and Congressional prohibitions. Under this doctrine of the Illinois Democracy Slavery could not «et there at all, and thus the South was prac- tically and forever excluded from the occupancy of h common Territory. The Convention only adopted the suggretion of Judge Douglas, in his reply to Judge Black in the Harper article.Mr. Currv referred to the decision of Judge Story, in the case of Prigj? agt. Pennsylvania, contending that it was out of the record, and was induced by theFoodie, firEi officer; Mr. Allan, second officer; Mr. Pcr'-ier, third officer; Mr. Kane, fourth officer.•"From Havana.NEW-OKLEANS, Wednesday, March 14,1860. The steamer Star of the West has arrived here from Havana, with date3 of the 11th inst., and $142,000 inspecie.Her news is unimportant.affirmative, viz.:Messrs. Barden. Callicot, Corneliut, Crane, Crocker. JJarey, Dorsch, Finch, Gibbt, Gray, Kennedy, Moulton, Powell, Servis.Republicans in Roman, and Democratsin Italic*. THE -PERSONAL LIBERTY BILLthat the great leader of the Republican host has many zealous friends in this State.The change in the time of holding the National Republican Convention, gives great satisfaction herev and would have suited much better had it been still a„~tThe Mercury's correspondent, at Havana, says that-strong vote of 73 to 19 as follows:YEAS—Messrs. O. Allen, Arculaiius, Barnett, Beebe, Bow- man. Briggs, Butler, Chittenden, D. Clark, J. Clark, Coleman, Conkling. Coonley, Cooper, Couchman, Decker, Dorsch, Downs, Dwight, EarlL Emerick, Fisher, Flagler, Fuller, Fulton, Gpyer, Hania, Holcomb, Hough, Hubbell, Jakway, Janucs, Jeffords,Kimball, and occupied for a post-office and pnnting- Palmer, Payne, Polton, Plumb, Pond. Richardson, Robinson, The Convention also effected a thorough State organi-itbetween Alabama and the advocates of this understood to be in favor of Douglas. The resolutions interesting and important. The Gridiron Railroad met to-day. The Convention, numbering about £00?from* •..I•.' •••the slave property is legally and Constitutionally there, and no power can invalidate it until a sover- eignty inlerpoees. The Constitution extends at once over the domains.Mr. Curry here quoted from the decision of Judge Taney in the Dred Scott case, and other le- gal decisions, in support of this view, and denied Slavery was anywhere, as stated in the Harper Maga- zine article, the creature of local or municipal law, No law waB found on the statute book of any South- ern State, authorizing the introduction of Slavery, and if positive precept were necessary, the tenure^ by which they held their slaves was uncertain and ille- gal. A citizen of a Southern State, or a slaveholding county, like Cuba or Brazil, could pass with impunity into the Territory of any country where, bylaw, Slavery is is not prohibited. The law of na- tions protects the master in transiiu, and enforces the law of domicil for that protection^ if it is not against the public policy or the essential interest of the community. Hence the law of nations recognizes the relation, and permits no interference with the rights of the master. So, too? the slaveholder could carryhispropertyintoaTerritoryoftheUnitedStates> and have it protected there. This had been controverted by Northern men, but others had recognized the prin- ciple. It had been stated on that floor, over and over again, that there never was any law authorizing the introduction of Slavery into the British Colonies, and the case of Georgia was not an exception. He quoted the opinions of Joshua R. Giddings, as expressed in his resolution in the celebrated Cre- ole case, in 1842, that Slavery,' being an abridgement of the natural rights of man, could exist only by posi- tive law. Senator Sumner, too, took as a text of one of his inflammatory harangues "Freedom national; Slavery sectional;" and the Republi- can Party had incorporated it into their plat- form. The latest indorsement of this doc-trine was that of the Illinois Democracy,who in their recent State Convention asserted by reso-lution tbat Slavery exists in a Territory, not derivingits validity from the Constitution of the United States,here. Forty counties are unrepresented. Harmony prevails. Howell Cobb of Houston is the temporary Cnairman.The New-Jersey Chancellorship.' mackerel by moonlight."The Personal Liberty bill was the special order foro-day, immediately afcer the reading of the Journal, but the special order was suspended or postponed for one hour, when Mr. Pond,* from the Committee on Cities and Villages, reported adversely on the aforesaidConrmittee en Eesolntions and Platform, and a Com- mittee for the appointment of delegates and for a State organization,, performed their duties, and yon will see that the resolutions are in the beet spirit, mod- erate in tone, but firm, precise, and decided in char- acter. ., States Marshal for Illinois, and for information as towhether he ba* been at anytoe a defaulter.Mr HICKMAN reported a bill to authorize the Dis- trict iudces of the United Statesto go out of their Dis- tricts in certain cases. Referred to ihe Committee ofthe Whole en the State of the Union.Mr. DIJELL (Rep., N. Y.) introduced a joint resola tion which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-iionary Pensions, giving a construction to the second „«ction o/ the act of February, 1858, " to continue half- <«payto certain windows and orphans," so as to give•pennons to all widows therein provided for from the"::::.:"'"'. VENTZON. ^ ! « 'v .>•< -i.this inference of supreme pow"er over the Territories. The unsuccessful search of the bird Bent out from Noah's ark but typified the efforts to locate the exact clause upon which was based this gigantic claim of sovereignty. Mr. Curtis, in his argument in the Dred Scott case before the Supreme Court, was called en by opposing counsel to point out the exact clause upon which he rested the claim, and he eaid he would rely upon the third clause; and iu his elaborate and able argument he confined himself wholly to that clause. Mr. Benton, however, who reviewed the matter, and came to the same conclusion as Mr. Curtis; scornfully repudiated that idea, and said that the Terri- tories, as political entities, are never mentioned ones in the Constitution; that the Territories, as common property, assimilate to other property as land or as a thing to be disposed of. Most usually, however, the advocates of this power, agreed with Mr. Curtis, as tbe distinguished gentleman from Ohio (Governor Coxwin) asserted that this power of Con- gress over the Territories is derived from the clause giving Congresss the power to make all needful rules and regulations respecting the Territo- ries or other property of the United States. Tina clause was adopted in the Convention, without de-Mr HAMILTON (Dem, Texas) said the delegate bate, and at the demand of the South. It was called 3rom Utah, woo was not present, was entitled to be for by the necessities of an exhausted treasury and i heard as a matter of justice. Hence there should be impoverished finances, which it was proposed to re- no baity action. lieve by the sales of the public lands. It. was little Mr. COYODE (Sep., Pa.) reminded the gentleman imagined then tbat there was lurking under this apparently innocent phraseology u supremacy in Congress* over tbe Territories nearly equal to that claimed by the British Parliament over the Colonies, and that Congress, when itexer excised jurisdiction over the public property, could launch out upon the shoreless and starless sea of dis- cretion, determining the rights of inhabitants, and disfranchising whole communities of their propertyin tedious Zurich Conference, but a manly, honest as- sertion of principle. Whatever course others might take, Alabama had epoken. Nearly every political conventionofall parties in that State, for the last twelve years, bad denounced this doctrine or theory of Popular or Squatter Sovereignty, as applied to theDemocrats 80.Maryland Politics*BALTIMORE, Monday, March 14, I860. The Third Congressional District elected delegatesand at 11:15 the House adjourned.From OurlOwn Correspondent.* •Correapondence of The N. T. Tribune.* ST. Louis, Mb.; March 10,1860. This has been an eventful day for the State of Mis- souri, -Forthe first time inthisState,and t,believe> tire first time in any slave State, a distinctive ^BepabB-4th March, 1848, without reference to the time of mar-Georgia Democratic State Conven- tion.Mr. H 0 C S 1 0 S (Dcm., Ala.) was opposed to the v •> I>ill, and moved to table it.On the subject of Presidential nomination the Con- vention expressed a preference.for the Hon. Edward ~l>eath of the Hon. JLewi* C. I<evin. Mr. Collicot moved to lay the report on the.table, Bates, and instructed the Delegates to support him while he was before the Convention. This resolution met some opposition from those who wished to leaver the delegates unfettered, and who doubted the ex- pediency of his nomination. The opposition came from the Germans, and chiefly from Mr. Pinnee, editor of atb*t the delegate wa» on the floor.Further proceedings were interrupted by the expira-Lnown Native American.FromDor»ch, Evans, Finch, Fuller, Jamiea, Jenninga, Jewett, Ken- nedy, Kortright, McFadden, McVean, Moulton, A. A. Myer*. Newel), Peck, Pow«,J, Bichardson, St. Jokn, Searlea, Serrla, Stilaon, Tabor, Vermllye—35. L.-.-V'.-ltion of the morning hour.The bill and report were ordered to be printed.Mr. HOUSTON saw no use to print tbem, as gentle-ALBANY , Wednesday, March 14,1860. Long arguments have been had before the Commit-NAYS—JMesgrg. B^Allen, O. Allen, Barnett, Bixby, Bowman,Butler, Chittenden, Coonley, Cooper,>eiy Couchman, Crane, Decker ,Downs, Dwlghfc. Earll, Emerick, Fisher, ITlagler, Fulton, Cover,men seemed disposed to nag the bill through.On motion of Mr. SHERMAN (Kep.. Ohio), a reso- lution was adopted limiting general debate to ten min-y , McArthur, McQi.....Milliken MilliDgton, Austin Myres, O'R-ourke,£.i'4w ntss on the Consular and Diplomatic bill.isting 'aw, the amount is inadequate. Attempts had ibe«n made to violate the law in Georgia, and vessels iitted out. If it is the intention of the House to up- hold the law of the land, the President is entitled to use a sufficient amount with that view.thus concurring in the recommendation of the famous Hartford Convention, to curtail the slave power by defeating the admission of new Slave States into the Union. In this clause, territory or other property was the subject of grants. The power given was to maketures, while others are in circulation.' •Fire at Bellows Falls, Vt.Dr. Bernys, A. Kiekel, Mr. Randolph, W. T. Doano, Chas. Collins, W. B. Branch, G. W. Landon. Mr. Pinnee, J. B. Gardenhire, J. K. Kidd, A. Hamer, Joseph Lindsey, and Thomas C. Fletcher. Tney awiThe House resolved itself into Committee of the needful rules and regulations respecting the public "Whole on the State of the Union on the Consular and property. The most simple analysis of the phrase- Diplomatic bill. ology showed that territory was" spoken of as oneMr. McRAE (Dem., Miss) asked Mr. Sherman on of the kinds of property. If the power wereMcArthur, McQiuide, Mather, Merritt, Merselis, MUier, practical men, and looking to practical ends."what the appropriation of forty thousand dollars for the suppression of the African aLave--.ra.ee was based.Mr. SHERMAN replied it was submitted by the Secretary of the Treasury in the general estimates.Mr. McRAE asked whether Mr. Sherman knew how jnany .slavers were out ?Mr. SHERMAN referred to the Secretary of the Treasury, who, he presumed, had aome data.Mr. McRAE remarked that Mr. Sherman ought to know, and also whether slavers have gone out from Home Northern citiesMr. BONHAM (Dem , S. C.) maintained that it had Tot been unusual to include such an appropriation in the estimates. There were several instances only.general and absolutely unlimited, then that other clause in the Constitution, ttiving exclusive legisla- tive authoritv over the seat of Government, and over places purchased for dock-yards, magazines, & c , was entirely unnecessary, as power more generally comprehensive had been granted elsewhere. It" this construction were correct, if Congress possessed this unlimited power, and thereby substantive authority for civil government, then the conclusion seemed un- avoidable that Congress must exclude Slavery from every foot of the public domain, whether in Kansas or Alabama, in Territories, or States. The power given to make needful rules and regulations for the territory or other property, applied as wellTaber, Taegart, Tucker, Van Horn, Varian, voorhees, Walsh,BV, Williams, """. .. _ •73. WilesNA Y §—Messrs. Barden, Callicot, Cook, Cornelius, Crane, Crocker, Culver Evans, Finch, Gray, McFadden, McV©nn,it will exhibit a Republican strength not now antici- pated. It was strongly claimed by many of the most intelligent members from the interior that, with Mr. Bates, we couid carry tne State, and that is my opinion from my best information. At all events, the ball ia putIn motion in this State, never again to stop, until Free Labor shall be delivered from the. tyranny andMr. SHERMAN referred to the fact that such appro- to States as to the uninhabited wilderness.during the session. Mr. Maxson of Allegany made a States are in violent commotion, and impatient for thar speech in support of the bill, which was an exceed- time when, with flag unfurled, they can enter the can- ingly eloquent and cogeDt argument for Republican vass. Nothing like this heated, feverish state of pab~principles. He examined and refuted every objection lic feeling, so long in advance of a nomination, ba» John Peterson, mate of the bark Henry Warrens, of brought against the right of the State to protect its in- ever before, I think, been witnessed.tion of the Africans captured in the Echo, and that the desired, however, jus.t in this connection, and briefly, to sum be applied for the faithful execution of the lawBath, Me., was killed on board the vessel by a sailor, habitants from Slavery. His speech is to be publishedAs if to show the slave despotism in its most revolt- ing and nefarious character, the Legislature have just retinactcd the Free Negro Law, which was vetoed by the Governor at the last session, and it now onlyproviding lor the rendition of fugitive slaves. There state that he did not regard the Supreme Court as theon the 6th inst. Don Jose Magerro, a wealthy Span- ish merchant died on the 5th.Dates from Vera Cruz to the 7th inst. had been re-in pamphlet, and should have a wide circulation. Messrs. Smith of Chautauqua, and Barnett of Madison, also spoke with force and ability on the same side.•was just as much necessity for voting money for car- rying out the fugitive slave law, as for the suppression of the African slave-trade, or the education and sup- port of captured Africans.Mr. KEAGAN (Dcm., Texas) did not understandultimate arbiter in a decision of all political questions. Hewould incorporate in his remarks the opinion of Mr.Madison defining the position,power and authority of theceived at Havana, which stated that Miramonwaawithin a few miles march of Vera Cruz, and that he The bill was opposed by Messrs. Callicot and Jones of awaits the signature of the Governor to become a law.imessage of the President. erty, and from the power to sell lands derived the • negroes, and quoted various portions of the Constitu- Mr. BARKSDALE (Dem., Miss.) said, by the eighthSay as a special order, when Mr. Sessions moved toIMMMWWIWIIWWIWBWBMWgBMiwmmmammmmfmm^mim mDAY, MARCH M* » ^gtt«M- comitatus; ^alto to report on the ^legality <r killed by the Congressional garrote; in the other by the as destructive of their rights and equality. Last year Pehhsylvsnia, he argued thaCaOTotective^policy is the«*pgmwmmmys^JwwejyintheTerritories-,andontheproprietyofpay"morestealthyprocsseofterritorialpoison.. He itwasannouncedandheraldedbytelegraphthatalifs-bloodvofthebodypolitic.Headvocatedthojes- JointStc^K'&sui^mce'Companytoinsure' maybeandoftenisthecass—illcladandotherwiseillprint a epeech, ' •'" ";-.. prompt, faithful, and efficient execution of the article and frankly expressed in the Platform of the Republi- this were true or • not, remains to be seen. The Cominittee rose, and the House adjourned.The remainder of fhe evening aesaxon' wascccupiedner worthless husband, she and he* children are turnedtfE of the Constitution in reference to the rendition of fu- can party, which asserted that the Constitution confers Certainly the nomination would be sn indorsementin debate on the Albany andijlwqueh^nna^s^ad into the street. This is no fanciful or overdrawn pie- bill.MessrsiMATHEE.GOvT^SLrNGmLAND,giUvesfromjustice;alsoinstructingtheCommitteeto report a hill providing that no conteetant for a seat in the House *hall he paid a salary, or other compensa- tion, unless successful in the content, and admitted to aMr. HICKMAN reported a resolution, which was ' adopted, calling on the Secretary-of the Interior for a - statement ol the accounts of Mr. Pine, late tinteduponCongresssufficientpowerovertheTerritories ofthedoctrine;theconstructionofaplatform for their government, and tbat it is the right, and the to be carried out in *the administration ;bf dutv of Congress, in consequence of that power, to the Government, and dishonoring to the South and prohibit Slavery in the Territories. Now, all thopever this Government possesses, was contained in the grants of the Constitution; and it was necessary, to autboiize the exercise of power, not only to show the absence of prohibition, but an affirmative grant, or a necessary and proper implication from Such grant.?'-."':,. ••".••" .'•••.—'• ':;'•'•-":New-Hampshire Election.But what clause of the Constitution warranted wanted no Tillafranca treaty to be discussed have elected 171 members of the Legislature, and the stock. Tbe hill was then ordered to a third reading,Supreme Court. It would be interesting also to tracethe analogy between this Republican doctrine of Judge's strong anti-Slavery predictions, as" hadbeen shown in his biography lately published by his sovereign power, derived from the power to dispose son. He also referred to the treaty of peace be-had no fears of being able to conquer the city.It was reported that Lord Bussell had proposed to the contending parties in Mexico an armistice of sev- eral months, to enable a Mexican Congress, to arrangeEJngs County. We are to have a session this after- It not only disfranchises the free negroes, but, unless noon for the further consideration of the bill, when they leavev the State, reduces them to Slavery. Thisthat the Government provides for the education of of the public lands, and ancient feudalism, be- tween the United States and Great Britain, signed atMessrs. Arcularius of New-York, and Johnson of Delaware, and perhaps others, will speak.TOLLING RAILROAOS.neeroes. ~ j cause the resemblance or analogy was exact and Paris, Sept. 3,1783, by three Northern men, Franklin, matters.Mr. JONES replied, it was so stated in a former strict- Both theories blended sovereignty with prop- Jay, and Adams, which treaty recognized property inLATK ITEMS.—Last night, at a lite hour, Officer orted over certain.railroads came up in the Senate to- Robinson of the Seventeenth Precinct arrested a Ger>It was rumored that the Captain-General of Cuba bad tendered his resignation tothe Home Government. Yucatan dates of the 3d inst. are received, but the keep a squadron to suppress the African slave-trade, be bad no time to discuss that question. He came recognized in the Constitution. The Supreme Court news is unimportont. The Governor had defeated theThe Assembly bill to levy tolls on freight trans-article of the Auhburton treaty, we are required to power to enact laws and control the inhabitants. But tion to the same effect. Slave property he said, was#nd this costs nearly a million annually. Without any now to the second mode of excluding the South from hadafliimed the right to carry it to the Territories, Indians, and the troops then voluntarily disbanded.recommit the bill to the Select Committee on that sub- man named August Fries for attempting to taKe the ject, with a view to amending it in certain respects, life of Jacob ELerner, because the latter would not orreuncn being assigned, the House were now asked to the Territories, and prohibiting the extension of and this recognition and guaranty of protection was an Key West advices of the 10th. inst., say that tbe ^rote forty thousand dolivs more. But the slave 'trade Slavery: the assumed power of the Territorial Legis- unavoidable sequitur. From the premises the con- brig Mary Staples, from New-York for Apalachicola,was not suppressed, and never would be till there was lature to control this question. This theory was of clusion was irresistible that Government was bound arrived there on the 6th JUBt. in distressj but that sheRotch, Sessions, Spinola Fries demanded his money. High words ensued, and NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Ferry, Fiero^ Goss, Hammond, Ketch-& check to xankee energy and- cupidity. It could be v - . . « » • *bown that no Southern vessels are engaged in the trade, but that Northern vessels are fitted out at North-ern poitp, and manned by Northern men.Mr. JONES'S amendment was rejected.Mr. MAYNARD (S. Am., Tenn.) offered an amend-ment, which was agreed to, appropriating ^1^0,000 for oompietirg the survey of the boundary between the 'IJritish Possessions and Washington Territory.The bill was laid aside, and thar. making appropria- tion for the support of the Indian Department, taken up.Mr. CUKRY (Ala,, Dem ) addressed the Committee ©n the Slavery question. It had been truly said that it 5s necessary tor each generation to discuss anew the vreat problems of the world, and scarcely a speech had been made or an essay written upon the subject of Slavery, within the last ten years, in which the opinions of the lathers ofthe Republic were notintroduced. Butwojld-soon be in readiiiees to depart again. — ••am, Lnpham, McGraw, Montgomery, Munroe, P . P . Murphy, during tbe quarrel Fries drew a case knife and attempt- Pressor, Ramsey, Ricbmond, Robertson, Truman, and Warnor. ed to rip open his debtor, but was prevented from con-but as a mere municipal institution, existing inthe Territory under the laws thereof. Tbe r'ip Hungarian: Thomas Jones, commander; Mr.Mr. Gover moved to reconsider the vote, which was oppression of Slavery. The warm applause which l o s t _ i 4 to 80; The following members vo«h)g in the greeted allusion to tbe " irrepreesible conflict," showedCONCORD, N. H., Wednesday, March 14,1860. Returnsfrom186towns giveGoodwin, 34,557;recent birth. It was variously explained and limited, for its security and Bupport. He did not admit -thatsometimes not without confusion of ideas—yet its Congress ,coufd abolish or establish Slavery in a Ter-friends spoke of it as if, like some newly-discovered ritory. It had only the affirmative power of protec-quack medicine, it were a universal catholicon for tho tion. The Constitution did not change the status ofills the body politie is heir to. It was an erroneous the negro in the Territory. But Congress was asopinion that this mode of exclusion was advo- much oound to *' protect slaves in a Territory gas-works, exploded to-day, setting fire to the build- pany which shall fall to comply with the law, by the During a false alarm of fire in the upper part of the) cated solely by a wing of the Democratic party as any other property on the high seas. Con- ng. The building was sayed, but two men were payment of tolls, so as to give the companies ten daysat the North, because, whatever might be the pape'r gress could exercise only an affirmative power in this theory of the Republican party, there had been for as in manv other cases. For instance, Congress couldtwenty years no instance where, the mode could be make no law to abridge the freedom of speech or ofpractically applied that the Republicans had not the Press, but it could make laws to protect those sought to apply it. In Nebraska, Iowa, and proba- constitutional rights of the citizen. He referred toburned to death.&race, -which was carried. city last night, John Keara of Hook and Ladder Com-Mr. Sessions moved to amend so that the tolls shall pany No. 12 was run over at the corner of Thirteenth be levied for three years only. Messrs. Sessions and street and First avenue, and badly hurt. Officer Hammond advocated th?s amendment, and Me:3rs.Goss and Proseer opposed it. Mr. Spino'a also spoke Lindsey assisted him home.bly some other Northern States; he understood, too, the Alabama resolutions of 1856 and 1860, the senti-in ambiguous language in the bill, it was a refined imi-ri^nilicant concession that her system is not subject tation ot that barborious tyrant who fed his prisoners means of maintenance of the Government. As a. 132,024 84to tbe same evils which attiict' and endanger differ-ent syttems. The right and iiberty of expan- with salted food till they cried eagerly for drink, andloyal son of the South, he would beseech her not again to commit the fatal mistake of yielding to party necessity what is essential to future safety, and not to concede any principle apparently abstract and im- practical, which, in the hands of her foes, may prove a potent engine of destruction. It, was said by Pitt,93,415 111,096 148,137 143,564 162.830 186,06136 SG 87 V) 54 18 2089,907,4 1818..... 43.347 67sion xnoit not be gaiiisajed or resisted, for tbeylegislated for the future. A decade or a century mightl>e but a *pan in a nation's life, and be was" a poorthen let down an empty cup and suffered them to die of thirst. A territorial was a provisional Government, temporary in character, and it was idle to pretend that it could usurp authority not conferred by the act. 91,976 48r118,650 9 142.061 86 131,158 99 167,502 68 322,769 86 179,096 46 227,860 05 160^ 98 118,364 92 103,208 37 111,516 89 108,929 55 129,870 111349.... -1850.... .1851..,. .1852..,. .51,598 93 44,364 03 45,458 58 47,928 17 52,159 85 54,987 K8 57,777 90statesman, or a worse philanthropist, who would doXKthing for posterity because posterity has done of organization, or use power beyond the constirational1853....18541355....1856.... 60,975 82 18357.. )nothing for him. To keep Slavery circumscribed would inevitably result in rendering emancipation certain, orThe Controller reported that the gross amount of 1831. 1346,5to . powers derived from its creator. Any argument drawn in the debate on the. Fast India bill, that good duties received from the auction sale of foreign good3 1832./f »principles may sleep, but bad ones never; and when from its supposed analogy between such Governments had principles are once established, rcen are always «Uve labor unprofitable, and the extinction of the and the American colonies was wholly imperfect and found to. {iive them effect. What was the Demo-illusory, as most analogical reasoning was. Accord-white race probable. The conversion of the South ing to the British theoiy, the power of Parliament cratic party for—the spoils and patronage ? or forCompany; to tax non-resident vendors of merchandise icy, only a question of time. Hence, with the Sonth, was unlimited, and no American statesman had ter ? Victory would be full of mischief, unless ac- in New-York.1833.1334.1335.into another San Domingo, would bo, under that pol-principle '/ " To win a victory, bare, fruitless and bit-1833. 1339.Total..2,371,181 62»he struggle for expansion was a struggle for life, claimed that power over the Territories. The co companied by practical results for principle. A The New-York German Leiderkranz bill, and the The receipts from 1831 to 184.'?, Inclusive, are not to their families. Mri Beeney and others then address©*and the necessity of growth must lino its deve?op- lonial condition was permanoni. Canada was a colony party to be permanently euccessfal must be bill relating to certain assessments in Brooklyn, were be obtained from the Controller's books.the meeting,• i . ' m •—The Bangor (Me.) Municipal election resulted, in Asweeping Republican victory on Monday. Although,by either procejtf.lu one event they were to beSouthern, # a t e bedrepudia^dSquaiterbovereigntyEx-Senator W o . Beaeb, of Aub»w»t H dau^*foas^ ll-'vy, i. ,;45^**^^100 ) ears ago, and is a colony still. Territorial Gov- animated by gooa faith, and vitalized by principle— ordered to a third reading.ernments were temporary. The colonics relied upon must embody impartial truth. Its principles must Mr. TUCKER reported the New-York Annual Tax their charters as security for freedom, and if these were not bo exceptional maxims, nor conventional terms bill for city purposes. The following amounts are violated, they could only make good their claim to.free- to be laid aside when the occasion passes away. In added: Police Telegraph, $9,000; Cleaning public dom, .by the bloody arbitrament of the sword. Territo- conclusion, he would repel with scorn the imputa- offices, $7JOOO; Expenses of the Special Council Com- i ies were held in pupilage and training till prepared tion made bv Senator Douglas at Chicago, and by many mittee on Police, $3,000; Coentiea reef, $20,000; total,nx-nl?, if poeaible, within the limits of the Union.Mr. Webster, who was ostracised for not keepingpace with tbe precipitate tread of Anti-Slaveryiam,*aid, in 1847, "\Ve should use every occasion which'" offers to oppose tbe extension of Slavery.)' Andxo 1848 he raid, " 1 shall oppose its extension at*'l times, in all places, under all circum to take rank and condition with sister confederate others at the North, that the Administration and tho $39,000. Sums subtracted: Lands and Places. $1,000;WRONGS OF WOMAN.To tn* Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.:jManet*, even against all inducements, against allecmbination of great interests, against all coiiipro- ^aiee*." And the Republican party, to-day so powerful «nd so well discipl»iw;d, harmonizes solely in its advo- cacy of thus controlling and overmastering doctrine. Ail territory outside of the limits of the sovereign .Slate*, belonging to the United States, was common pioperty, and each of the States had an e<inal right in and to it. The Federal Government acquired it for ihe common benefit of the States united, and it was held by Congress, as the agent of the people of the Skates, for their common nse. The universal convic- tion at the South, although the gentleman from Illinois <Mr. Morni), if he understood his speech correctly, the other day, denounced the propositon as odious and abominable, was, that they had the right to emi- grate to, and occupy with their slaves, this territory be- longing to the United States. Mr. 8eward and the Re- publkana aay No; Congress by positive legislation must exclude them. Prominent men, some of whom belong to a more healthy organization than the Re- publican, say No: the Territorial Legislature may jawfuBy exclude them. It was only a question about tbe mode of exclusion which was to be accomplishedsovereignties if an organized territory were supreme in its power; if it could during its pupilage deter- mine absolutely its fnture Boeial condition, it could decide what shall and what shall not be property; could by unfriendly legislation exclude Slavery, then it was gros* tyranny on the part of Con- gress to refuse to pass the bill introduced the other day for the election of all Territorial officer by the people. They should bow to their power and take the consequences of Squatter Sovereignty, LetDemocratic party, in sapportinj? tbe application of Roads and Avenues, $10,000. Appropriationa forKansas under the Lecompton Constitution were seek- street-cleaning and making and repairing roads are toing to force a constitution upon an unwilling people. apply to any contracts made by the Common CouncilHe defined the Lecompton policy of the Administra- for a term not exceeding five years, which contraciaSin: In your issue of this date (March 14), page 4, there was but little excitement, an increased vote over last column, I lind the following very just and forcible that of last Spring was thrown—and a noble ijucreas*remarks in regard to a bill now before our State Legis- in the Republican majority. Mr-Stetsonhasasaajprityentire a surrender'of personal manhood to demand of porotion ia empowered to take sole charge of all pro- the South, at this time, support for the highest office in ceedings or claims against the Corporation, and all ac- tbe world, for one who had so vilified and denounced tions in which the Corporation is a party are declaredto sijctiro and hold it: hut the poor, hoort-broken wife of» drunk- ard or loafer is not th« legal owner of tiw wage* of her dny's washiuaor sewing which she lu taking homo to her hunjp-y children, but may see it legally co»f«oatod vu\ drank up beiore her eye. by tho brute who riots in idleness oju.her scanty earn- ings."Now, I desire to know whether tne bill referred to propose*, in terms, to protect the married woman wboee:earnings are derived from boarding-house keep- ing, and who ie qnite as likely 'xs any other to see her—The friends of Judge Bates have g^iven publicity to the statement that he had emancipated his slaves.. Says The St. Louis Evening Post: "• So-far from thbu being the case, it is undeniable thattUey ran away from, him, and he ueed every means in hi* no wer to recapture. them. -,i i' •• .. . • > . ' .— Senator Seward was expacted to-roach Albany* last evening, by the'train froia this City.— The Hon. Samuel A. Law, Maaiber of AssM»blj» from Delaware, is Btill vary sick. At one titae fear* were entevtained that his disease would prove fatsl: but wJll-grouuded ho$>«s has now taken, th» place of the. iears.void, unless conducted in hia name or with hia consent, llie Controller is directed to pay all the judgments Mr. VANCE (S. Am., N. C.) justified Southern heretofore recovered against the Corporation to whichthem and their actions.them appoint no more Governors nor Judges, norclaimthe right to repeal an organic act, and transfer the in-habitants to a different jurisdiction. If the Territorycould exercise supremacy, then we had no right to in-terfere with Utah. States were constrained by funda-mental laws of their own imposing. They had execu-tive, legislative and judicial power, strictly defined;ed • bnt in a Territory a majority was absolute, save asrestrained by the Federal compacts. There Govern-ment might become despotic and anarchical, andcommit outrages shocking to moral sense and revolt-ing to public decency. A doctrine leading to such aconclusion was a sad commentary upon the necessityof adhering to the old-established land-marka. -Lvery ocratic party tactics, and utterance of Disunion senti power to purchase land, erect, eell and mortgage bu'ud-.Slavery. It was the best condition for the master and slave. He did.not believe Gcd would otherwise direct, that what is best should not also be right. , . .an apnea! ia not taken by the Corporation Counsel.Mr. HUBBELL introduced a bill to appoint Thomas Nelson of Peekskill, referee for the settlement of all Mr. LEACH (Rep., Mich.) argued that the Adminis- claimsi for damages by the falling of the New-YorkFatal Accident.. Republicans in Roman; Democrat! in Italic*.Mr./Grant moved to amend the clause which pro- summating his purpose by some persons who stood'*,:.demoralizingtothepartysuccumbingtoapracticalnegation of the right bi Southern men to emigratewith the labor to which they are accustomed. If the Cats, 29,416. Forty towns yet to hear from. Good- bill was amended so as to reduce the tax to one-quar- turned'to T JoifriE. Southern StateB were true to themselves they would win's majority will reach about 5,000. ter of one mill, and to strike out the section appropri-demand in positive and unequivocal terms the re- One hundred and sixty-two towns foot up: Goodwin ating one-half of the proceeds of the tax to the reim- THE MISSOURI RETUBLtCAU COPT- pudiation of this hereay at Charleston. They (Rep.), 30,253; Cate (Dem.), 25,627. The Republicans fcureemerit of towns that have eubecnbedto the capitalterritories. Whatever course others might take, to-day to the Charleston Convention unpledged, but The proceedings in the Legislature to«day have been c&n State Convention has been bolden in this citytheory there was a great gulf fixed, which tho passed favor Douglas.:various parts of the State, was organized by,the ap- with,afrightful andfatal accident in the House this pointment of B.GrataBrown,e«q.,so^dely known.mechanical genius and inventive faculties of theCharleston Convention could never bridge over. Thetrue principle was, that if the matter could go into tbeTerritories, his servant can accompanf nim; andneither Congress nor the Territorial Legislature hadthe power to divest him of TUBtitle to his property, as The Democratic Siate Convention is now in session (<stihck8 and shines,and shinesand stincks, like a rotten party, and was received with warm applause. A.•' " • '• '— •morning. It is as dead as Julius Cseear. This Gridironwas a brilliant idea in its inception; it was brilliancy President, On taking the chair, he made a brief bat carried through the Senate, and brilliantly Squelched in energetic and eloquent address, which enunciated the House; and iafctfllbrilliant as a wreck; for " it with great clearness the doctrines of the RepublicanTHEN-TON, N. J., Wednesday. March 14,1860., Henry W. Green was to-day confirmed as Chancel- Gridiron Railroad bill.lor. Tne appointment is for seven years. The question before the House was on the adoption •• _ ^ JL-..:. ofthereportoftheCommittee. .P H I L A D E L P H I A , Wednesday, March 14,1860. which was negatived, 35 to 59, as follows:Tbe Hon. Lewis C. Levin died this morning. He YEAS—ajewns. Bar'dea, Beebe, Bingham, Brigga, Csllicott, was formerly a member of CongresB, and was a well- D. Clark. J. Clark. Conkliajf. Cook, Cornelius, Crocker, Darcy,After a long debate, the Albany and.Su^uehanna rStfAmvu* *k<r • , w ••••> ^ • •/*-..;-•••>? >*v >•;t«^*.*^«-NEW-ORLEANS, Wednesday, March 14, 1860.The gasometer connected with tne St. CharleB Ho*el vides/a penalty of $10,000 per day for any railroad com- near. Fries was locked up.•Fire.EUFALA, Ala., Friday, March 9, 1860.A fire to-day destroyed the establishments of Cory against the bill. A young man named Joseph Brady had his nose bit- that the Republicans had lately made it one of their ment of which was taken from the speech of a & Barrington and Fern & Lewis, carriage manufac- Pending Mr. Seesions's amendment, the Committee en off last night, about 10 o'clock, in a saloon cornercardinal doctrines. Formerly, Territorial Govern- Northern Democratic representative on the floor, turers, and W . M. Flournoy's carriage repository, rose, reported progress, and asked leave to sit again.ments were the creatures of Congress, limited in that tbe South is entitled to protection in the States,, beaide those of several other firms in the lewelry, It was made a special order for to morrow, immedi- of Twelfth street and Third avenue, by an unkuowntimtheir powers as having no sovereignty, wholly subor- in the q'erritcrieB, and in the wilderness where Govern- harness, and furniture business. Loss $40,000.!-•dinate to the creative power by which their action was ment is unorganized; and to deny and refuse it was to revieable. A single act of (Congress could sweep out deny her equality in the republic, and fail to fulfill oneately after the reading of the journal. The indica- ruflian. Some young people were dancing in the upperof existence this whole Territorial code. Thus limited, of the great purposes for which the Government was those opinions were, after all, but speculations, and it must, necessarily conform to the laws of its being, instituted. It had been urged that this claim interferedRaces.MOBILE, Tuesday, March 13,1860. In the three mile race here to-day, Planet won intions are that the bill will pass the Senate; but per- haps with Mr. Sessional amendment limiting its opera- tion to three years.CENTRAL PARK.The Senate Committee on Cities and Villages listened to a lengthy speech by Mr* Strong last evening, in fa- vor of the Assembly bill to provide means for the com-part ofthe place when the ruffian entered the room, but failing to create a disturbance among the party, he« repaired to the saloon, and commenced abusing thet proprietor. Without cause or provocation he suddenly turned upon Brady, and after beating him to his hoart'st content, bit his noee off. Before assistance could be obtained, tbe ruffian fled to the street and. escaped. Officer Lockwood conveyed the injured man to a drug; store, where the wound was dressed.Officer Knight of the Tenth Ward, observing a man.run into a Second-avenue Railroad car in the Bowery,actual results afforded a safer standard of and neither by direction nor indirection could it with the doctrine of non-intervention as proclaimed in judgment. Beside, the times had changed since transcend the laws of its Fedei-al creator. Recently, the Cincinnati Platform. He might say granted, and this not yet fairly tested experiment of self- however, the Territory was regarded as common, what then 7 But it was not true, and the application government was inaugurated. Then there were property only, if at all, until a Territorial Govern- of the doctrines of that platform as applicable to the not 500,000 slaves, and scarcely a pound of cotton ment is organized, when, by some hocus pocus or Territory demonstrated, without further argument, ist. -aio.ht heats.Time—5:43^ and 5:40-2.exported, while now there were 4,000,000 of slaves,atnd the cotton crop of last season amounted to nearly^,250,000 bales. African Slavery was now a greatsocial, political, industrial, and humanitarian fact. Itsch ef production was " king "—building Northernworkshops, driving Northern machinery, feedingIScrthern laborers, and clothing the entire population.These xesuirs were wholly unanticipated by the good self-government existing in every community, and of non-intervention was held by some a shallow deviceNEW-YOBK LEGISLATURE. pletion of the Park, to which ex-Commissioner Hogg replied this morning, calling in question the capacitylegerdemain, it becomes quasi or absolute sovereign- bad logic. Not a line in the legislation of 1850, in ty, invested with the indefeasible title of self-govern- relation to Kansas and Nebraska or in the CincinnatiSENATE.-..ALBANY, March 14, 1860. The Proxy bill for the benefit of Benevolent Societiesment, and, according to the most prominent advocate Platform itself could be tortured into a relinquishment of this new dogma, a Territory may, by non-action or by the South of the right of protection. The South heldand fitness of the present managers of the Park fortheir high trusts. He was not opnosed to the appro- was, by unanimous consent, reported complete. Sev- priation of the $2,500,000 provided for in the bill, but eral amendments were_ made, as suggested by Dr. contended that experience had demonstrated that the Brigbam on the part of the American Bible Society, present managers were not the proper persons to con-unfriendly legislation, exclude Slavery. This power that non-intervention was a pledge that Government would obtain from hostile acts toward Slavery orp: d the Rev. Dr. Terry on the part of the Missionary tinue the work and disburse the funds. The Commit- last night, with a horse and wagon, and then drive off f? • >ety of the Methodist Epiecopal Church, who were tee reported the bill this morning without amendment, at a furious rate, pursued and arrested him. The fellowwas variously derived from the inherent power of doubtful, legislation in that regard. But this doc.trinemen who were so industriously paraded as clouds of from the Kansas bill, as indorsed by the Cincin- and really meant that Government was to kill Slav- vLCird before the Committee on Tuesday afternoon.ASSEMBL Y .Mr. POND reported, for the consideration of theand it was subsequently referred back to the same Committee with power to report complete.gave his name as Michael Cook, and it subsequently appeared that he had stolen the horae and wagon from the store of Harmon & Subro in Fulton street, Th© property, valued at $300, was restored to its owner. Cook was locked up.Mr. Roberts, doing business at No. 343 Grand street, at 7 o'clock last evening, arrested a woman named Mary McDonald, whom he caught in the act of steal- ing some glassware from his Btore. Mary was given in charge of Officer Simpson of the Tenth Ward, and, upon being examined at the Station-House, a remnant of delaine and a roll of lace were found on her person. The delaine was subsequently identified by a shop- keeper in the neigborhood. Mary's predatory incur- eions will probably be suspended for a while.L.ixn REFORMERS.—A meeting of the Political: Union of Working Men of the Eighteenth Ward wa* held at Concert Hall, No. 229 Avenue A, last evening. Mr. Commerford delivered an interesting address upon the subject of Land Reform, in the course of which h» presented some interesting facts and figures, showing-the fallacy of the past and present policy of the Gov- ernment in the disposition of the public land. He> urged upon those present the importance of bestirring themselves in the movement, and thereby upholding the hands of the Members of Congress now contending*, for the distribution of the soil to industrious men an/S.witnesses against the institution of Slavery. Slavery l a d altered, and men's opinion* had altered since their «U«.y. Slaveyy was now a matter of too prodigious con- sequence to be treated as an idle thmg, contributing, as itnati platform. To the first derivation of power, he would only reply that it was in entire consistency with the first great experiment of Squatter Sovereignty. The admission of California, under circumstances,ery by ignoring it and refusing to afford it any protection; relinquishing tho duties of the Govern-mout and abandoning the equality of States in the confederacy. Tims non-intervention meant aggres- sive action"against the South, and discrimination ad- verse to Slavery. If the Government would not pro- tect the South "against unfriendly legislation, would not carry the claim of the slaveholder for redress to the proper tribunals, the slaveholder must establish tribunals that would. If tbe Fugitive Slave Law was not to be returned to the master, the slaveholder must have an army and navy to guard his coast and fron- tier. If the.South was rot entitled to share in thecommon property of tbe Union, and participate in its common benefits", it ought to be excepted from TexasThe bill to permit members and stockholders in religious and benevolent societies to vote by proxy, House the bill to amend the act to authorize a railroad was ordered to a third reading inthe Senate, and the bill!.:does eo abundantly to the interests of' civilization and in his humble judgment, of the most palpableon Broadway and other streeta of Brooklyn.BILLS KEVORTKD FAVORABLY.authorizing the Board of Supervisors of the City and County ofNew-York to lay a tax for county purposes, and to regulate the expenditure thereof, and atso to' humanity. Tbe w>utb reasonably demanded its exten- sion und protection, and were sensitive to the threat to >o.rround it with a cordon of free territory that, like a serpent in the fire, it mignt sting itself to death. The 2Jortb demanded expansion, and even free homes to in-duce the superabundant population to emigrate; and only "within a day or two had been presented the re-fraud ever perpetrated on a people protending to be free, 'lo the seeond source of power as derived from the Kansas bill, he replied, if it were found there, the South was most miserably duped in that famous measure for silencing agitation. Whatever the purpose of the author, and he says in his contribution to Harper that it was to removeTo provide against unsafe buildings.To give the Major and corporation of New-York the borrow monay in anticipation of the collection of saidxoarkable spectacle of a'most a strictly sectional vote evtrything from the way of the free exercise ofon the paesage of the Homestead bill—only one North- popular sovereignly, it was supported in the S »uth ern man voting against it, and one Sonthernman voting as a safeguard against unfrienaiy legislation by mak-regulation of the sale of intoxicating drinks in that city.To incorporate the New-York Metropolitan Ice Company.tax, was react a third time and passed.ONONBAGA SALT SPRINGS.The following statement, from the Controller, show- ing the annual amount of gross and net revenue re- ceived from the Onondaga Salt Springs from the yearfor it. This outlet is demanded to get rid of the irre- ing legislation subject to the Constitution, and pro-pressible conflict between labor and capital, which viding an appeal to the Federal Courts in all cases and military contribution. Protection was the priceThe Personal Liberty bill was taken up. Gross Net Gross Net. Mr. CALLICOT epoke at length against the bill, Year. Receipts. Receipts Year. Receipts. Receipt*.•was beginning to be seen in the recent strikes in New-where slave property was involved. If they were mis-paid by Government for the support of its citizens. He could conceive of no disgrace more bitter, no degre- dation deeper than the denial of their right of protec- tion, accompanied by a sixniiltnneons demand for theEngland. The South also demanded expansion, and taken in this power to exclude Slavery by unfriendlyto lefute it would be t.ir.her cruel malevolence, or a legislation, if this Squatter Sovereignty was covered up1821.... loZ2«*•• 1823.... 1824.... 1835.... 1826.... 1827.... 1828.,..1S29.... 1830....59,158 0260,764 61 105,512 44 102,929 1056,543 7457,669 44 100,639 75 97,353 131844.1C45.1846 . 75,507 34 1847.... 32,398 64To punish as bribery anv attempt to control votes inthe Legislature by promising votes on other subjects. 1817 to the present time, will be found interesting:urging obedience to the laws of the Union and the ob- 1817.... $3,489 88 181S 52,080 00servance of the requirements of the Constitution asthe 1819..:. 4ti,£23 33 duty of all citizens of tbe United States, North and 1820.... 70,376 61$2,926 28 1840. 4S,784 27 1841. 44,410 69 1842. 69,038 6' 1813.$155,961 16 130,439 34 114,966 9992,128 39 108,475 30 100,497 2856,589 50 1,850 69 17,827 46 21,844 93 15,337 03 15.458 58 13.016 04 27,333 15 39,737 88 6.777 90 17,9T5 824,C7l 163,404,917 77;Southj and showing how the bills were in fact State rebellion against the Peberal Constitution and laws.Mr. H. SMITH replied in a stirring speech in favor freedom and against making New-York a slave hunting- ground.The House reassembled at 4 o'clock.The report of the Institution of the blind was pre- sented.$146,130 091336. To incorporate the New-York and Brooklyn Cab 1837.m.-.ytion as just and proper, and thought it would be too are authorized, by the act. The Counsel for the Cor-. " Tho wife who has prop«rty other own UM»^ "know* how < ilmen—the Democrats 2 Aldermen and 5 Co«ncilmen.tration Democrats from the Free States are Pro-bla *•VQ A w e n a ^ a a d to extend the provisions of the act hard *arninge, with which shr, is compelled to supportvery in sentiment. Outside the Democratic party no °f f^> for the completion of said arsenal.body was found so low and destitute of the feelings of Mr. DURYEA introduced a bill to incorporate the humanity as to engage in the detestable busineBS of Brooklyn Land and Improvement Company. It incor- hunting the panting fugitive. The President and theDemocrats in Congress sanction Disunion as well asSlavery.herself and her children, ,{-legally confiscated and "drankupbeforeherer08 DytneDratewhor.Qt8>m **idlenessfandliquor]*onherscantyearningsV*A* the law now st*-ads, if I am not misinformed^ the hraBband can collect 0f his wife's boarders, and compel the payment to himself of the money accru:mg fromporates Calvin Burr, John BarteT, N. T. Iligbee, R. J. Hubbard, Thomas 3 . Tallmadge, Isaac Skinner, and Henry Ten Eyck, with a capital of $500,000> with lib- erty to increase it to $1,000,000; and giveB them theMr. KILLINGER (Rep., Pa.) condemned tho Dem-s&eute. Pasc^ig a oulogium on the pntriotuni o' f uitfJ, It w « building association, undecft new name. their board; an/j, of course, cttn use and eqiWer it as j ly ill at the Delayap. Houee; Albany,Untitled DocumentALBANY,Wednesday,March.-14;1860.THE GRIDIRON SMASH21). , /"German paper in Kansas city, and from Mr. Denzee,editor oi The Post of this city. It was said that Mr-Bates had not identified himself with the Beptrblicaa.party, but had voted against Mr. Blair and other Re-publican candidates in the city, and in favor of Fill-more. Mr. Bates's friends, however, vouched for him mittee a memorial asking the passage of the one cent eelis. Miller, Milliken MilL_„ - • < , , „ • as strongly Republican, and as} Fillmore averedferriage act, on the ground that this rate is a Palmer, Payne, Polton. Plumb. Pond, Robinson, A. Smith, H.sufficient inducement to capitalists to run ferries Smith, J. M. Smith, Speaker, Tagzart, Tucker. Van Born, Va- that, as there was no electoral ticket in Missouri, he to that city, at a good profit, and that rian,Voorheen,Walsh,Wiley,Williams,Woodruff-59. hadtochoosebetweenFillmoreandBuchanan, The the present rates are oppressive and bur- The question then recurring on agreeing with the opposition were not numerous, and the resolution waa densome on the industrious poor, who are obliged Committee in the report, Mr. Van Horn moved the adopted with great enthusiasm. The following wer» to pasa over the ferries from two to fix times daily. previous question, which waa sustained, and the report the Delegate)?: At large—F. P . Blair. B. Grata Brown, The memorial is signed by over 5,000 genuine signa- was adopted or agreed with by the House, by the Fred. Munadley, ana J. A. Sitten Distant, Z. L. Foy,Albany.fce on the subject of cheap ferriage to Brooklyn.Alderman Dayton of Brooklyn presents to the Com- JewelL KeUey, McArthur, McQuade, Mather, Merritt, Mar-—-. • —T>List of Officers of the Hungarian. Maason, Moulton, Peck, Powoll, Rider, Servis, Stilson—19.MONTROAL, C. W., Wednesday, March 14,1859. The following is a correct list of the officers who Bailed on the last voyage of the lost Canadian steam-When the name of Mr. Callicot >as called, he asked to be excused from voting, but the House refuied to excuse him, and he voted. No.Hough,Gray. Barria, Holoomb, Tough, Hubbcll, Jakway, Jeffords,instructed to. vote as a unit, and they are sound Aseriousfireoccurredherethismorning,destioying Jewell.Jewott,J'oh'nson,R.S*.Kelsey,Kennedy., Kortright, judiciousmen,notpartizanorfactious,butearnestBELLOWS FALLS, Vt., March 14,1860.the Bellows Falls Hotel, a building owned by Ezra Milliken, Millington, Austin Myers, A. A. Myora^ Newell,off ce, and for several other purposes; also, a number of boildings adjoining. Loss $40,000.Searles, Slingerland, A. Smith, H. Smith, J. M- Smith, Speaker, zation, and if the State shall be faithfully canvassed,was taken up after this summary disposal of the Grid-iron, and was discussed in Committee of the Whole month earlier. The politicalelements in these westernh slave despotism practically illustrated, and exhibit- ;. g its true spirit. OBSERVEIU'which was lost, 14 to 17. as follows: could not pay the sum of $55 which he owed hinuYEAS—Me38rs. Abell, B'ood, CoMn, Connolly, Gardiner,Grant, Hulhouse, Kelly, Laiprenec, Manierre, J. M, Murphy, Both met at the saloon No. 176 Ludlow street, whenlature, to enable married women to control, preserve,of 478 for Mayor, which is a gain of 1<>4 from* the Ke- and dispose of their own earnings, which earnings no publicau majority last Spring, and 105 from tml of last existing law now protects: Fall. The Republicans elect 5 Aldermen a-A&IS Couu-i ;' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 