'raise, byinof alUitber duties tjalaeiplss raHroads.of the bill and against the policy of theof the State*—when slavehohUngUJH.If->:-«- TOL.EL—Na2824.FROM ALBANY.FEBRUARY 1880. 17,PRICETWO"ftaMrtathe RaOrMid Ton Bill.ef tbe a log with a stick stack la it Mr.FiaanBB-HowdoyouknowItisadogtMr. Haia—I was told so.Mr. CuBoaAB-1 read 1b tbe papers that it was a dog.Mr. Hals tbeB{compared Pxasioo>s " Columbus" toaadlidi-priating money to fill the city with these scarecrows on Ha thought better of the equestrian statue of Jacziob,but be did not claim to be a connoisseur.finally adopted. ates $3,000, and not $7,000.•no BATA Ul IBB BODSB-AMiroKOTBBXCI8B LAW—HQlflBT A8 TO THB AOTt OFjnW-TOBK BXOIBB COMMIIOBBlll IXBOP- SjHfteastfRenewedAgltattoBsaidof tba Capitol which looked no more Uka a dog tbaaand Navy-yardl.Mr. FAaxBiroMH, of IlllnolB, (Rep ,) ofcnd a reso-lution InstruetlDg the Cooimittee oa Fotalgn Affairs toinquiroiatottac cz(idleoeyofaeqaliinfbyaago- tUtioB tha British North Amcrieaa Proriaeef.Mr. iatrodaead a WAsaBcaaa, qt lUlaoto, (Bap.,)River and Harbor bill, and a bOl to amend tka Steam- boat Uw.State to tba Oomtat charge is clesrand disttact thai IM .committed inirom justice. Vfrglnia, and that CortWno KiCA iiu or thb Hoon. BNATS. 'Kuuas <tae8doiisleuorci Introdawd into the Home.'TheseareanUmreaaooiaadgaediir of Iowa, for Ms extraordioarr coadaMIS«Mte*|NatBted petltioniAndcrsoM,.IHlBsonrl,fl» New-Tork lUUioad aadThe resolution wasItappropri-when be dmll appear.** Oaadtrb«t«ae»t terStatcawwaldsaaa to M(aft«, r eases like tbe freacot, •r.araMValirito tbe whole eooatry, ttttnmnAmM mltied to for mere teehaieNO itywouldeseceapme,to flutthetolaaoijionteAoeidut C«oiM»7 *" wportodfa-tkat eompttawith tbe canals was ordersd to a third readiag by a vota so declslvsns Mv*b<« ft«i» *• Tw«BtT-»Mo»d BWrict,Bottoi of » Wn »nU«wl«l»« Of buUdliig of (BratulUotd in 8«TenU>-*T«aa« aad otter (tnati inNair-YWk.Vr. RonB^Ma tatrodoMd »bi]l ntettTS to plurtlaitfiiut, i»Meh prarldCT tttt «n luda asd«r wmter,iiissigi,Tbtmday,Mr.SunxxL,ofLouisiana,(Dem.,)calledup'.' *-'—k« few for tiM impaM ofpUntiag a7*t«rt ; tbU, bow- Excise law. Italty of $S9. Mr. Sunxu explained at Tbe report going tbe rounds that Mr. MoLabi tbeo^ectof thebiU.^Hiliir^ir*"A bill was introduced in tbe Senate to amend thebogus.4mt, teaoltolweoaitniad u grutlAS the rlgU to flast OTften opon any natural bed of ayitan.Mr. Mabob the blU.Intro- dneed Padfie BaUroad and Telegraph Idlls, whichon itIke bUl to ineorporate the Citixens' Sayings Bank,liap^Task, was then taken up.Mr. HAiaiO>x> offered an amendment proyidlng thatTbe resolutlan was refened to the Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union.Mr. Ccxar, of Alabama, (Dem.,) introduced a billjfft^ma rapcvtedrwUeh holds a corporation responsible for any vio- lattoa of the lav by any employe.franking privilege,influenced the action of State Executive, in Its intercourse with tliis Cotnmon- weal'h. ThecourseoftheGovernorIn thismatter, considered in connection with the views presented inmy mind the conclusion that his action was taken, if not with the intention of permitting Coppic to escape, and thtu shield him from for crimestemned and trampled upon. aggression uponmust meet totoaptiit'to adjourn over from to- aooow until Tbnraday, the 21d Instan agita- both sections, which caused that Invasloa and the very crisis now to be met Such is the nationalsentiment In all these parts.We want for President some one like the gentlemen^m «< auMgal Mrs.MotAsr.MlB^HAIww^'Mr.CgoBB.Mr.tadlrect/vlolatioBOfthelaw a s^demsaaor, andstance,toray knowledge,anyof tbe slaveholdtng 8liHs,iitoialyMotions were made to exempt from tha law the tioac Island and Sackett's Haitwr Railroads.Tko Speaker favored striking out the Long Island Sallroad, aa it did not compete for through freights, If—t^*^ mly a local trade.mointo nsBiov. Tbo AsnmUy reassembled at 7 P. M.the event of any man's election, withoutan overt act should be scouted by all patriots every- where. No matter to what party the next President may belong. It wlU be the duty of all to submit and give him aa honest support and a fair triat Olsunloa under " certaincontingencies"Committee will ask for the appointment of a commis- sion to take testimony, so that the case may be de- cided on its merits.Two hundred and fUly-six bills and resolutions, merely for the purpose of reference, were IntroducedThe Union, as formed by our fathers, has always•<»*beengagedaUto-day—indlsonalafwere preteoted agaiiut cte.,ete., the propoeed Pro B«(a Freight law. Bias*big gamblerintheactofrolling niaeplas,Mr.McCiBBKABD, of Illinois. (Dem.,) introdoeedInaitive fnxs instliia"IIa* BMt BIm i«e«idK»t luidlDC*-,the explosion of yestarday of eoum than la a ealas. I think tbe bill will be ordared to a third raadiag to- morrow.la^^he Senate, tha UBto impooe tolls oa freightabroad.Also, a resolution, which was referred to tbe Com-fled,tocaaseblmorbertat>e amaited and naSM. and notice of tbe aneet to bo given to taeBMaMm antkority BBiklDg neb damaad, or to ike Maalof BBCb to raealve tbaforWoaan'iof BepabUcanlsiii.*^ SUie, ihaUsome lenjrtbMr. oppofseDdelaware, (Dem.,) advoeatod it. BiTAxn,Labb will return shortly, and tba BroeUya has been orderedtoawaithimatNew-Orleans, noteswithoutntborityoflaw.sioner far cause.3. In counties where there is bnt one Election Dis-trict tbe Commisiioners sball meet on tbe second t>a(f«lalkOoBBiUee,wittpow«rtoMnd for pw Tuesday la May, and sball not continue their sessionsHe said the Iwnks of Washington are now issuingwere referred to tbe Post-oOee Comiaittee.Mr. Haioltob, of Texas, (Dem.,) oflered areaolatioB4)«Ba«ka«flIr.FiaM,tkaCkalrwaiantliwlMdtotberepealofthereveanelawsandsubsti- tuting direct taxation.Mr. Cuana introduced ablU to retire snperanauatad officers of tbe Army.Wisb, n"sM"ar"--'dWl lit |ii|nri. »n tiplTn tit- I*-Todt BMW CoauolaitaBna, and why no more than an BeaMes irera giaalid bjr Oiem last year.beyond ten days from that date.8, In countries where there are more than one As-sembly District the Commissioners may continue their lesslans an addlUcmal ten days for each sddi tlcnaldistrictof this disfranchised Dis- trict the House was making merry by light legisla-jlHlHii of tka Canalitbe of the House. Many motions of a ludi-money ipilatiOBB Theretjuiredhonorable M, C.'s wereabackward into tbe criminail, that the of this Stato agentTko bill maktng anm« for the •peedy oom-ordeicd to a third reading. xmnra susiok.soliciting and accepting subordinate positions undermessagewas received from the President an-of him, but whether this meaeagertht New-the financial conditionandtba Executive" of Virginia, ht actumUg jt-"--Ti'carrlad>v«^ral]roadsTbe Seaate agreed that when It adjourn, it be till Monday.Isovislon for tbe payment of such of the old Police parties. North or South, that directly or Indirectlylavor endless und itnmediate or force of New-York as have not their Slavery agitationfor the mlsersble """PTassigned claims eventual <U6union, be condemned, discarded, over- to the present Commissioaers. He supported tke mo- whelmed by the outraged national sentiment of theMarsh.il of the KorUiern District of Illinois, -Uso, as to the moneys paid to the District-objection was made to its passage.one wantedinformation relative to a cftfaulter. to suppress publicpassed1793,Mai In an effective. ^ JCl. Coopxa opposed tbe motion,Downwhose perpetuation Is more to be dreaded than war,.Pennsylvania, (Dem.l Introducedfotind, Mr. of Ala., (Dctn said if a Committee or ^tli:::\H made, before a Uaiistrate of anyGiobos CuaisTr, who has w•oUrk«e^d »speech.country.disunionwith the present dynasty,AttorneyMr. Mtmius expressed surprise that anyand cana fugilii'! from justice, of the Executive au- ttavclUg company, be from his'e"s^t^a•b?lWutottrt.Jlr. B. S, EsLBir thought New-York should take Mplld in this reform, and not wait for other States ladofo.Jti. BauIB spoke at length in opposition to the gen- •ifal prtneiple* of the bilLpestilence, and famine!Mr. of Biaiss,athority the copy of an Indictment over pro,:uce:or conrecled with it,Tbe Committee tbco rose and reported progress.Th« bin was made the special order for Monday,Hie 27{h Inst, and tbe final vote on ordering it tn a extent of h^s duty cooperate with the otherMkri rvadtBx Is to be taken on the following Wednes- ments for putting down and punishing any moredayat11P.M. n* House thentional legislation Is necessary. Adopted.Mr. GwiK, of California, (Dem.,) reported from which Mr. llctJSTOB was a m-'mbsr.agTMdtion inUon.Mr. HousioH—I would not soli my handsThe resolution was reforreJ.Mr. MoaxJB Introduced a resolution calling on thePostmabter-Geceral for copies of letters, petitions,Uie appetite forDsAPia, and other singais taaea beea engaged, aiidOa motion of Mr. Lav, tbe bUl authorising the lay- *•« of a double railroad traek la Brooklyn and Mew- *own was ordered to a third raadlBg.The Mil to repeal certain sections of the Contract- Jm Board Law, so as to transfer patronage from thatl"" wascan l>e made, in all such cases, and completely over- throws the reason by the Governor of Iowa,singlrg.BoMdtoihe Canal iMatBg.moresional action about ue local and domeatic questionBoard, was ordered toatbirJ "^>'C«ropposiUon by Mr. Caiuooii, tbaKew-YoAMr. Cook, Postmasterof*^^^Uken up.Is so far fanctiutyjand offleio."priate $7,000 tion.to carry out theof the resolu-Mr. HocsTOB said he wanted nothingII was atodo with itcaucus of Uie of tte Committeetaking a I progress.thecanvassed by Kentucky Conservatives, ofbusiness.tain persons condemned and eiecue'd'yi,^n'"y'o'"^S.tfa?t'e-,•eivaa aod A. Siutb, and Mnwm. Coana bmI TBsxn.ment of the Douglas policy of universal and entirerM^1;moved tolikely carryofaOBlaaHoas for Overseers • °l,^"S^ S^I'-advoeatod by Maasia. Beftna tUiaf tkeqawUon, the Bouse adjonned.will be had t>een unfortunate In aoyttilng, It was in Its eflbrts'^«« Prom Oor Alba»y Cono«»o»de«t.lO TBInT« 81S810H—OTT BAILBOAOg.Axaiar, Thunday, Fab. I*, ISM.The Bouse waaengaged all last evening—is toNEW-YORK.FRIDAY. FROM WASHINGTON.€Eirr& notbefoundinaaymxmunomlaNew-Bnglaad. qalryIntoIbeezpadloeyofabolishingthaArmoclea gallonseostainedinOieaOdavU^tsiaa to laav* no doabt of Itsaad Syracase, aad flw Rome aad Watertowa roadsFeb. lA. firom New-Orleana, sta- ting that MrBAHOB bad left tbe City of Mexico with five thousand men, to attack the city of Vara Crux, and that tlie advanced guard of bis army had raacbad tka National Bridge, is untrue. This wlude report lahis bill to prohibit the issue of bank notes in the District of Columbia. The first section of the bill prohibits of bank notes in tbe District after tlie firstexempted tmm tbe operatioDS of the bill.Therequireshould b"e compUed with, aad tkaTwereThe Senate ordared a lelset Committee of threeBh«uJdocrats had been defeated in the caucus for nominating aU depodta andalmed for ten years revert to the been rejected yesterday, had not three Democrats, a candidate for Mayor of Chicago. It uioiild baveiHHibgMr. Kxm, of South Carolina, (Dem.,) offeredjusticetexts, and tlun give him notice to fle& SnefcaeaatseliaBied.Mr. SmroiA ORMMed the proposition, holding that aMessrs. Sicxlib aad WnxiABsoH were to-day called before the Committee on Elections, and made a pre-could have been prompted by no oiber ooaaidantloa than sympathy for the criminal and tbe crime.^•lal law should be passed, and tnat if such legls- liBgled out for its operatloB.On reference to tbe Code ot Iowa, cbaftet 40$....amendatoryregulatingthe Committee ona man from that section would not be per- mitted to travel in the South, unless he could bring evidence of conservative and friendliness..Mer a long detiate,was reported on theA is in circulation at tbe subscriptionGov. Moeoah's name was down for (SO, Tbublow Wzin'g for another (SO, Jakzs B. Tatlos for $200, Capt Scbultz for $2S, and others for Elmilar sums, I think to the amount of sixor seven hundred dollars.The City Railroad combination hangs lire some-where. It don't roU together easy, or rather don't stay together. Did you ever see a nest of saakes ! Did you ever fancy trying to untwist them and to layone disposed of. Mr. Sicxiis criticised tbe manner in which Mr. Weuxahsob'b petition was submitted, without notice.lawof 1S18, and amending others. Referred tothan»ttal of adjoBisment. Adjourned.Couns. When I sawprogressthis miming, for the benefit of tbe family of Rosiar B-Senate Qien concnrred in the Assembly resolu-itThe Comtilution has a letter from New-York eharg-ASSEMBLY.ALaurr, Thursday, Feb. IS.To^yiathedaysetapartbyrufeforconsidera-between Messra Wood and DouotAS, to- contradictstbestatemeutflatly. Itisregardedtheof memt>ers of Congress, and repealing it so far as it•f boatness No. 13 (being general orders of the day)*'lescent TheWarliasbeenclosedto-day,owingbring up the question of rejection.The Speaker replied that under the special order,Mr. BiBfiHAH had the right to introduce the bilLMr. FxstOB, of New-York,he considered unjust and imfoimded assatilts on theRepublicans. He maintained that the views of theNorth on the subject of Slavery are the same now asIn the early and better days of tlie Republic. In con- A few days ago I received the Inangnral Addreea"wanttie lettrouble" made. You would, perhaps, (on the whole, bashtess) was first read from the Clerk's desk. Among I don't know asyou vrouJd,) be astonished at all theit be taken up.Ms. JlEMMtTt raised the point of order that the billfba bills inoioded under this head was found to be then«MmUbill,whichhadneverbeenconsideredunder(ka kesd of general buslneas. Upon the title of theMO being read by the Clerk, Mr. Fuaua moved that It has been snowing since midnight and now tbe^From tbe Associated Press,party sprang Into existence,soon swept its wayshows most clearly that his feelings and n j M |itob'waa Bot la order or in its place.Tbe Speaker decided the point of order not well CuTLiB, of ihis city. With tills turnout Ascin.AaiDSleavingThe election of Printer was postponed till to mor- row,possession The Committee—and ke fartkar whUe tbe great mass of our Nortbeia peeptoMl freight tariff, where the freight is carried over blame .attached to ttie driver," but, nevertheless,amountated from the Treasury for the use of the Depart- ment The certificates of indebtedness will be in the order in which thsy were filed In the Department and tbe other debts in the order in which they ac-crued.The amount of interest to be paid on deferred pay-arms from two hundred thousand to six hundred thousaad dollars.more than one road, was agreed to.Mr. Hraszu. moved to strike out tbe clause exempt-the driver feels anything but pleasant about it LEO.NATIONAL POIilTICS.The ABtl-BachanaD) UdIob Manifestations infor tbe Preaideaey. Csrrcspeadeast af tk* Ifac-Tork Itmss.Mr. HowASB of Ohio, (Dem.,) introduceda billemor of Iowa.The following is the Message of Gov. Letchkb,of Virginia, in relation to the case of Coppic, alreadyreferred to in otir telegramsExsccTivi DiPABTHxnT, Feb. 13, 1800,his failure."The denial of this requisition, and numerous eiberevidences ofhibited daily byple, and their representative men, towards the Soath and the institution of domestic slavery, ou^a/ to im-us tkepress vpon mcessUy of adopting prompt, aurgetiaand decided measures to protect our ngkts, securedurectiag Biilk, garden vegetables ilOBoftbeactalarge portion of the Northem peo-He nislilsiiil the whole principle of the biil unjust, destructive, and impracticable, and as such would TCSlst, as much as possible, its application to hiseaaalltuents.^ The motion was withdrawn, tMr. Bouus qwke at length in favor of the general:Mr. Puxxx spoke against the amendment.to eontractors will be about $100,000.The Committee on Elections to-day took up theand fruit from the opera-which was referred to the Committee of the AVholeon the State of Uie UiJon, granting pensions to sol-diers of the War of 1812.Mr. Shxshah of Ohio, (Rep., offered a resolution,which was adopted, instructing the Post-office Com- Naa-InterTentianlsta. like Crlttendea. contested election case of the Third Congressional mittee to inquire into the expediency of reporting a Bell. Bate*. Fillmore. Everett, Scott. District of New-York. Mr. WiiuAHBoa, the contest- bill for tbe division of the territorial jurisdiction of Botla. Rivea and Honstan. reeomoiended ant made a statement to which Mr. Sicxlis replied, the United States into postal districts of not less thanunfriendly feeling, which are being ex-confirm, yesterdayvoted to He would have rejectrepealing the fishing bounties. Referred to mittee on Commerce.tha (Com-informatl<Hi to the Executive of Ohio. Tka toBMIi. Be argoed la faror of commencing here andtbe pnnisios in all the charters hereafterfriends allege,) of a caucus understanding that theyshould vote against the nominatians. You will no-tice, by the Ayes and Noes, that twelve (a majority)Miaa prerailed at all, no one instltntion shoold be of tbe Republican Senators were against ratifying liminary statement of their case. It will be the first Gov. HoxsAS'B selections.—Messrs. Cohkollt, J. M. Muapav, and Ksur, voted toconfirm— (o in violation, (as their Democratic doingaDemocrat there being no other kind in the cancui.Umi ol the general orders of business, as each day not••Ft apartisdhrldednnderthirteen heads. Oftbese,Ma. 11 Is unllnished businesi of the general orders; promoters into line appears to be quite as difficult a the National. Ha is already rua down with iavlta- Ways and Means.ticipate,While one tangle Is being unsnarled, another doubled and twisted, so that there Is no telling which Is bead and which Is tail. The fact Is, these cormorants have a realizing sense of the value of the grants they are seeking, and eachIka head special orders of the day. When the order carry. AU of the City Council, all the present stageproprietors, all the outsiders, half of the Senate andwhich IfWhat kind of an under- talUng do you think it be ? Getting those railroada all and may, also, by such wanaat le iieach snake out straigbt tTcH Hna arrived hereto-day, and is quartered atsgent »««i«t«iw.» qa peace officers to afford needful la ue exa-job. getsthat Partj's principles,which biiid the Unionsequence of Southern aggressions on freedom, thatof theandDepartmenttotriaLof Gov. KiBiwoop, of Iowa, aad the parMfraab re- lating to the recent occurrences at Harpera Faory,two-thirdswas announced, the order No. 11 (being unfinished between their conflicting demands "there's aheap of to the death, yesterday, of SecreUiy Flotd's brother.Assembly,In,'*"scenes twJng played between these soldiers of for- tune. When they have assumed definite outlines I may endeavor to trace out who is who, and makeanapproximatefalestimate of eachanan's interestinstructions togentleman House,is Speaking of sleighing, Mr. unsurpassed.of Slavery in the Termightyarmy,advancingFerry." ^^'hilebedoesnotjustifyit,hevetdeclaree it was " relieved, to some extent, of Its guUt la tka miL(*a of many, by the fact tliat tbe blow was strucksleighingHemet AscuLASirs, member from your City, yester- day bad rather an unpleasant lucldent befall Imn. He bad borrowed a borse. and establishment from Johhdations, ritories.also as to thelegalityof the Republican principles.and administer itLouisviLLX, Ky., Monday, Feb. 13, 1860.is out of court and cannot be heard oa the merits ofgrantwhichters, accoihpanyOa BM>tlon of Mr. BnaaAn those portions of the billwave ftfV*fcf" out wbleh give the right of action forjrtvale dasttges against any director, agent, officerm avraat for violation of the law, makes a direct beingBuchanier misrule, partyUm and dlsunlonlsm shall ance of witnesses under the act of Congress. The be overthrown. The Buchanler talk of disunion, in case was then postponed until Tuesday next Thethirdly, the reorganization of the Poet-number than ever be- Ioan,from time to templated or talked of, as it Is by Mr. Braam and fore introduced in a single day. There were forty- tiiae, •l,Cao,000, by the issue of Croton Water stock other Kentucky " Representatives,"—by Cubshai, six yestarday, under the call of tbe sevaral States. at • per cent Interest radeemable in twenty or thirty Iviaaon, Toombs, Clav and Company. National Ken- No previous opportunity had been prestated for theto tMrMr.TaeanknncbtlaabUlaathoriziat tbeCorpo-to thewith a view to the more effectual rendition ofthe 23d of January last npm two gioondsnilsa of N«»-To*k toFirst—That the affidavit ""is not autbentieated byAlso,abintorepealtheactcreatingtheCommls- whichrecognizestherightofanyoneState,orsetof theHeraldofFreedom,andanoldfriendofJohbsonalandcommercialintercoursebetweenthem,and withestablishedusageandthedecisionsofourCourts, theperpetuityoftheUnioaistouiHtotaiftmmStates, to secede, or gives countenaaes to dlsiuslonsentimenu, or believes In the expediency of dissolu-tion. They will have nothing to do with any party orBiancly aUm the name of the fund to the Central faction which, like the recent Buchanier-Guthrie A Committee, consistiag of Messra Hammond, Convention at Frankfort, votes down by a large ma-alOBers of Beeords.Alio, a bill to amend the act authorixiag the takingdirecting the Committee on Foreign Affairs to inqULlre Theinto the expediency and practicabiUty ef a Conven- canobjectof a Notarial other than a seal,scrcli,aad deal adtb jaat^afadditkoal lands for the Central Park, New-York. Paikfimd.onlygiveap-namHMI^^wk «aa reeowBittad.ecutive of the State, having the import Notary, has the knowledge of hisKeitt Train, Gamett, Adraia and Webster, on the tbe UbIob and the redress of all wrongs within its part of the House, have been appointed to make ar- Mr. Taa Hoaa reportid a hiU to aboUah capital Units and by its power. Vntb the gallant Teimes- rangements for the inauguration of Mills* equestrianappoinotfmfiecniatlto nsnlata ika nit of fruit tn the City ofjority the Jackson sentiment of eternal adherence toof the two countries free of either one country to the other.sseans in the lower House of Congress, they are forbetweenTka Committee of tlie Whole then resumed the protecting them outside of. the Union. If the wont Collector of tba Port of Boston.Mr.Etbxbidos,ofTeimessee,(Am,) Introducedathe sealofficer to administer oaths—to which the olEeer has given bis certificats is iueh aMr. Piraapnaeatad a memesial ban tbe Cattarao- Oaa IndlaBs, prayiag for a law to prevent aad punishratified Paraguay, power, tkey and confirmed the nomination of Gen. Waitnr aswould not be ten thousand times worse were tha Mr. Paluxs spoke tn favor ef tbe amendment, on Union dlseolved.Ml fiound that the friends of the biU had asserted iThe party that utters threats of a dissolution uponarmed force as s posie comitatut In the territories. Mr. Mqmus, of ilUnois, (Dem.,) introduced a biU tosuflicicnt evidence to justify the issue of his warrant for the arrest of the fugitive. Indeed, he seems to bsve considered this reason "siitf.cient, as he followsher lart appearance prior to her departiuo for tbe South. FACua's opera of "Saffo" has been nvired for the occasion, aad wiU afford scope for the gnat dramatic ot the The best tbattattbay bad pledges that Pennsylvania, Maryland tmt riaada would apply the Pro-Rata blU as soon as it was aaaeted la New-York.genius lady.mortal, tut the Constiiuti*H and Ike Unum are immor- Mr. Oovxa moved, as an amendment to Include a tal." Let all sectional and secesslonal men andPostmastersBt GioeQIthis Union, first last, and aU tbe tfiaeAlthongb Sontbem rights may not always be re-the sealsignature of can possiblythe notary give. Bythan thethe neverforamomententertaintbetreasonableIdisa ofinThe question pending was Mr. CALUoen's amend- under wlilch they Blight labor in the Union, which do Wood, denies the truth of the newspaper statementAasaleofliquortoIndiansoathereservation.to tbe fact that an Amcrieaa Mr. PZTTIT, of Indiana, offered a resolution ficer as be declares himself to be, and that the paper about this opera.oaMlderatlon of the Pro Rata l>ill.Judge DousLAS,responseas should t* received and acknowledged to be To-night into and report as to the power of employing an authoritative. Tlie Governor of Iowa, therefore, had lyric artistsspected bypartyaudteaee dees not care Had. GAssABiaA, aB« of tta piiiiifmust come, they believe they can beet defend themto a note from Fxbbab-form value throughout the United States. proper (Rap.,)inside. Intheiropinion,therecouldl>e nodifficultyinstructing the Committee on JudlcUry to inquirepaperwehaveever bad in this makae coaatry,"""*** "' nartvtilft cotltir**^'*'** of k DariT t** d»J^jj.SENATE,WAsamotoB, Thursday, Feb. 10.laws.Also a bill providing for the people of the Territo-It with the declaration that nical."it is in lu nature tech-aiti;^a<to state for t!>e cousins, that Mr. GBaasadisgraces uie blood of oar Others, commtti' treason, "electing aU Uielrofficers. a bill providing AIsd,theTbe tecond reason he assigns (and this he regards as conclusive) Is, that the demand for the requis:tlosAcademyare in tbe castana to die ought!Partitt and art party pUU/onruriesfor the elecilon of Deputy—^We are coimtiyUp with soiro large-hearted patriot, unhampered bysectional party whowill uphold the flagofourUnion macldnery,resolution calling for information as to what has bscndone under the Act for the construction of publicHocsicK, would indorse and,) dignify objectbadtiiatMr. hard for his fame, people who aresuffer none to mutineer and be- take themselves to "the crazy raft of secession ;"the^"^If^V^^^}^;!overkaoUag,Tbe OswagoWiaaiBHOB telegraphic reporttolaveaUgatethamannerlawbJehtbeBxeisaCom- missioners of New-York have performed their duties. The i;pmmlttee is clothed with .the necessary power to send for persons and papei^gives,I. The Governor power to remove any Commis- would not return to Mexico is also imtrue. Mr. Mo-second section prohibits the etrcnlatton of bank notes in the Dlstriet of tinder twenty doDars, under a pen-Mr. Cbaio, of Missouri, (Dem.,) introduced a biU reviving the Tariff act of 184«. Rcitrred to tbe Com- mittee of Ways and Means.cured, anocanuosteicebiomf otrheher tobei Executive aimttobaalsaB.authoritymakinglucbdemaSd,"aaiMi- tfoesdteltihveerdefecthIen the requisition, aa4 ttea If eMd,'up offender, if not to dlaetuiaaMB. And sorh was the eonisa of the iiaii liiMii—l amlightened Executive of Penasylvai£u Ik* 4Wa «f Edwaxd HitLRT, who was demanded by tha aama of AuBBi HizLin. Bot when Uie prisoner ntaka itnbsattehadlionfame wasnotHAhtiim.xTbTe,wbanst AuaexHs^aaadischarging remaadedto J^ by the Judge and there held, until a leqaiattlaacaSi be awarded by (^veinor ujaiUr bistion, tn the wayTkabDl to ton BaOread frclgUwaa ordered to a 4. The Commissioners for New-York shall not con- member moved an inquiry into the causes which led Executive session. Adjourned till Monday.MM taadlM by M to II, afUr t>eiB« amended to aa tinue their sessions longer tlian the entire month ol ii *xai^ the Oawogo aad Bjractue, and Watertown June.mil Baaa Kaliioada. Ttw bill now only appUea to fl» Caainl aad Site Boadi and tbelr branches.to the removal of the Douglas Democratic Poatmas-HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. Wabbixgtor, Thursday, Feb. IC.statue of WASBiBaTOB on the 22d of February. BuacB, California,i. Commlssianers,and all others handling exciseters In Illinois.. Another oflereda resolution that thaquiryof theSenate,moneyDoorkeeperpriation butMr. Jackeob, of Georgia, (Dem.,) offered a resolu.ComptrollerIllinois, allodingto tbedialoguebe-to security for the proper givearesue keeping of the funds intrusted to their charge.this morning answered thein- ex-some otherthe fact had been <»>mmunicated, I am aotadsli^as to the amount ofpended by the first Commissioners to remove Quaran- crous character were made and laughed at and someIto Scute net at 1 P. U., to conilder general or- tine. It foots up (fl$,390 83. Probably as much more substantial business was transacted, when the House has been disposed of l)y.the present Commissioners.The law thiswherever any person shall tie forma wHUa fkiecapitalCommittee.Mr. Tailob, of Loulslsna, (Dem.,) introduced a billproviding for the acquisition of Cuba by negotiation, and for Its incorporation into the Unlon.in the event of its being so acquired. Referred to the Commit- tee on Foreign Affairs.Mr. BisSHAH, of Ohio, (Rep ,) introduced a billother State or in ease any Terarnidtory, aay aailby the Constitution laws of tbe Unitedfor tbe delivery of any person charged in saeor 'Territory with any crime, if aiKh peraoa il 'aotheld in custody or under bell to anawer for aay of-feree the laws of the United Stateaotel Ihto againstState, be shall If sua his warrant, under tbe aaal of tbe State, autboililrg the agent who makes sack de- mand, either forthwith, or at such time aa may be deilgnated in the warrant to take and tna^ratiaek person to the line of this State at tbe expense ef MihBo. IS special orders of the day, and No. 13 generalorders of the day. The Pro Rmta bill has never beeneeaaidered under the head of general orders, but hashaca considered in Committee of the Whole nnder one wants so get as large a slice ai he can Seiior Zaoaba, the Peruvian Minister, is conva- second reading of the bill, saying that this wouldthey Ugaments together..waitingforand President for eering purposes,for election- deserve the condemnation of theshould not be con-into the Housea to-day— largerCom-atol States tn tbe surrender of fnglttrei from jaitise, aadla declare ihay will the treatytbe UnitedImporttfltISr.a nonisproperlymade(oraresolution having In view the better protaetlOB of tbe shall be tte dnty of U>e l^x^i7*^Sl^S^ f£so lar as In him lies brlnit to nsught convendoas buildings in the city of Philadelphia, and what addi-or conferences for theurge the redress of grievances aod feasible, not traitorous and by legitimateJohn Brown invasionsutmost Influence for the extermination ofto themade Bome re- marks upon the introduction of the Wyandotte Con-subversion of our campactaeriesof eea- pop»|«;and,above his all, exerttelegraphvisionary meansto the depart-Justice or Justices of thecerts »iii Wondsj next; it matters not where from, wbether Ken-an unauthenticated paper. Cocamlttee of three, to act with a similar CommitteeMr. FATTisoir, tbe pianist, wtBaestatan English Opera will be toterpolatea to give variety and dramatic Inleieatto tke Tbe priceswill,Amentionedtucky, Tennessee, kUssourl, Texas, Virginia, Maisa-;Slate or acknowledg- ments may be hereafter alsd taken or made by or be- fore any cotary public duly appointed m any State or Ttrritcry." This act undoubtedly recognizes no-on theof Slavery. In respect to this, we feel with Mr. iBstOB on the 32d tnst, wss taken up.appointments in IllinoisaJso,ofadmlislaBaieTery'lbw, and Ornsms ct Haataep U-siviss"Tr.—Wro. C. Rives set stamp,partHouse,inmaking arrangeoients;the enterprise we hope, meet wift dne encouragemeo'-RivBs, that"Congress has already performed its du-Mr. PxABCs, of Maryland, (Dem.,) moved to appro-in hU letter.joiatagainst anyCongres-and Information as to removals of a number of Postmasters in Illinois.OT thosePOib parties, I am inclined to thlox that Biix, Cair- XBSnia or OouoLAs would be most to thisobject-'«^'?.'=''»'«'^,i^;other Committee than that on the Judiciary, ofSpeoial Diapalsk to tko Hew-Tork TiaMS.While tbe Senate, to-day, was soberly consideringAfter further debate, the bill was postponed till Monday.Mr. BaowB, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) gave notice of an act to punish offences against slave property in Kansas.added that they were both beaten bythird Douglasa for tbe adjournment of Congress He wanted it put on its pas8a|e,ofetc Onefor the sppolntmentofajointCkunmltteetotakeaction in relation to the inauguration of tha equestrianPacific Railroad bill, which was lefened to the Post- office Commitiee.tte Ht uetctpofert rfresolotioas, motions,State, reaasa'fsMisM,takingstepAnouncing that he had signed the Post-office Appro- MoxxiB,«rBi1a wM aat peiiao te lAiKtion, his language reflected on Mr. HoueTOB*s motives committed in any otber State, any Jostioe Tka bOla to antbotlxe the Orient Wharf Company In the Executive session, yesterday, Mr. Ruis Tak went into Committee of the Whole, and Mr. Absxb- from the Hall and restore the former chairs and and personal integrity. He did not intend any such complaint on oath, or other sattsfBCtoiy t• tMRaie tbelr aapltal and extend their wharf, and VsmnoaSB was confirmed as Hartwr Master, aadar^atloB to bale hay and lealei, were ordered to a Mr. LooiB LouKtBDBT E* Fort Warden. The vote on care for home consumption. Mr. Fbbtor followed,desksand with a view of affording time to do so,application.Mr. HocBTOB understood Mr. Moibib' remarks as did or some other Justice withicnhatrbgeedState.** If it iMM hadlag."^ni* Ml to Ineorperate 8t Stephen's College hadVui Vauubcioh stood : Ayes, 17 ; Noes, 13. Three of the Republican Senators, Messri. Bui, Fiuo and SUBIORB, who last week voted to reject, this nttt voted to confirm. Two Republican Senators, Messrs. P. P. McspBT and Richuohc, who last week voted toin an able defence of his party and the Union.Tbe Senate confirmed the nomination for the Bos-ton Colleetorship.The Camtitutia* announces that two Douglas Dem-tbethat House,Senate,BOB delivered a speech, evidently with great preparedWood withto vote for Mr. Docslas at Charleston. A corres-hagMayor pondencehavingpledged his delegationday,as a trick to injurs Mr. DouaiAi.oftheactallows mileage. Referred tocompensationtlons to sporting saloons, and will, in a day or two, give sparring exhibitions for the special t>ene&tof Congressmen.were ever re duced to practice, would disrupt all the ties andWabbibotob, Thursday, Feb. 16. The Post-office bill legalizes the payment of $1,- 751,000 for compensation to Postmasters and clerks, for incidental expenses, ending with December,— the remainder of the four millions appropri- ated for these purposes subject to the immediata or-whqlions of free men, like a to unfortunate and bloody occurrence at Hamai'B**•Mr. BraOHAH offered a resolution, which was adopt- ed, referring so much of the President's Message asandinto fifteen States of the Union. Well might the are warmly enlisted on the side of Joasr BaoTB aadand the Housetaken, and under this ruling the House resumed the was on the road, going at a swinging pace, when the der of the Postmaster-General. Several days, how- Mr. Vallabdigbam, of Ohio, (Dem.,) introduced a TBE HAMPER'S FERRY REBELI.ION. utterly condemn the act of Johb Bsowb, tbey Mel aadHetbara wu a dog itaadiBg oa tba laat poicbthe seal of tiiiaacaled other works of art about the Capital, includingG BBBBecan's "Washington." Be was opposed to appro- rights ol aatniallzed cltizessof our oonatry when Slate or Tenitory, to which such penoa dAl bw»mitiee on Foreign Affabs, toeffected.Also, a resolutiOD that tba Bouse deprecate the ex- ample of the officers of the House appointing ex- membersofCongressto inferiorplaceswlOilBtbelr gift, as derogatory to the dignity of tbe House, and calculated to their influence with the Referred to tbiempCaoimrmittee of tbe Whole on tchoeaaStrayt.stbetsiulngofApril,underpenaltyoffineandImprlBonm'ntThe oftheUnion.foglttTa, aad. ^asking further time te put in his points. He takes the one State eachground that la consequence of the failure of Mr. service. Including the delivery of mall matter in suchcharacters are blackened with crimes, aalhands are stained n iUi tbe blood of Innocent and oa-WauABSON to servo him with a D«tice, the contestantthe requisition, for reasons assigned in two let-offendlng citizensthey Eclemnlv declare that tbey "caaBot waoder at the recent unfortunate and bloody accnrrence at Har- per's Ferry," we must cease to be surpfised wliea we see the Constitution and the laws enacted for tlie pn>-post routesMeetings of the opponents of Bnchanierism are his case. Mr. Whliahsob replied that ow- office Department and foreign mall service to conform which I invite your attention.ing to the failure of the State Canvassers to all over our State. They breathe a fet^ make such a declaratton as contemplatad bythe act of Congress, there was no sitting meml>er to notify, and that by virtue of the action of that body, there was no way left for him to compel the attend-fourth, the entire at>o-The reasons assigned are. In my judgment exceed-ingly fiivolou;, and such as iiave in no previous In- tecllon of life, liberty and property disregarded,eon-heldventUnionspiritimsurpassedanywhere. Statesmen like the above menttoned are recommended for the next regime on high and broad natlanal grounds.;jairi ttin money to apply to tbe increase of the sup- tttckians, at Washington and at home, resolve and members to empty their political budgets.jtf •( water and extending the necessary works. proclaim that they will not affiliate with any party AcecsTDB Wahlbs, formerly one of the editors of sirable that there should be free and unrestrained per- was accompanied by a scroll, in precise conformity should imderstand that the only means of lasnilngBaovs, arrived here to-day, and irlll during the week give his testimony before the Harper's Ferry Investi- gating Committee.which recognize scroUs as seals.respect for the rights of tbe Statas, to obaanatbecourse on their will restore to a distncted part peaceJOBLN LETCBEB.Hunter an'l Hamlin, on the part of the Senate, andand exportation of the agricultural and manufactur-authorlly than a mere Individual. In this casi the Ex-country, Respectfully,statue of WABHrasTOB on the 22d last. The Senate in Executive Session—ACAMMTorMcsic. Averyexcellentperfon*-ance of " Der Freischutz " was given last nlgbt Tbeattendance was bad, owing to tbe weather aad partlyto-day States andthat the latter, when the former was )n New-York, pledged his entire delejaUon to him In the Charles'bill, which was referred to theJudiciaryCommittee,ton Cbnventlon.Mr. DooiiTTls, of Wisconsin, (Kep,)reading of his resolution instructing theon Territories to report a bUl for the admission of Kansas under tbe Wyandotte Constitution.amend the naturalization1'he subject was postponed.of any other State, "and shall more- Saloon all who tothe Committee on Post-offices and Post roa^s,ra bUt Mr. lIousroB—I don't ».ant my fingers dirtied Tiyof Peace, anyunder auspices whlchirtlfcfor the construction of a Uhe of Pacific.Insure their mads to restoreMr. Masob, ofVirginia, (Dem.,)with itstitution. Hesaiditwas'Tbe resolution providing for the appolntmant of aassignedand makes the case so plain that argumentand itiu:*-A soens tnia.called for theof the In- ihould be accompanied hy "the copy of an indict- benefit of ourlion directing the Clerk to remove the present seatsithat such person committed the offence, laaa. _the latter's collesines ; but as Mr. Moaais had satis- factortly explahaed, he withdrew his remarks.Mr. Omo, of New-Mexico, (Dem ,) introduced a bill to organize the Territorial Government of Nevada. Mr, PASBOtT, of Kansas, (Rep.,) introduced a bill re- pealing the act for the admission of Kansas into tbeUnion.Mr. Eastabxoox, of Nebraska, (Dem.,) Introduced abill to enable Nebraska to hold a Conv^Uon prelimi- nary to admission Into the Union.A lar^e number of other bills and resolutions were Introduced and appropriately referred.Mr. Sabtabbook, of Nebraska.Tbe House went into Committee on the President'sAnnual Message.Mr. Abdxbsob, of Missouri, (Dem.,) made a speech,takingstrosgSouthernground. Beeondenmedthapiinciplesof the Republicans, and said unless a revo- lution in public sentiment take place in the North within the next twelve months, wtiich he did not an-Irsnt to bring the person so before tke l appear to the Justice that Uiere is iiaiiilitothereof, "who shall tbereonon eomonaleato Ika ssme to the Executive of the State where tke eriaeia charged to have been committed." Since I baas beam in office, 1 hare executed this lawlnai>la( Iheia-with tbe concurrence of the adjournfor twoweeks.resolutionon tbe 5th of June.bot objection being made, withdrew itJudiciaryprovidingMr. Baxxbsau, of Mississtppi, (Dem.,) Introduced a bill repealing certain sections of the NeutralityMr. CAarBBU., of"458, under the titie Fugitives from JVMOca,'*Also, a bUl declaring null and void all the Territo- rial acts of the Legialature of New-Mexico estab-feelingThe South would never submit to the enforcement ofcution thereof."Tbis section of tbe law eleaiiy defiaea tka daty ofthe Executive of Iowa In tbe case onder c(aaidai»-orMr. LxAKS, of Virginia, (Dem,,) objected to thetion, and in clear and distinct teraa^ tbellshtngprotecting involimtary Slavery.piescrities,course to oe pursued by himTbe billwas referred to the Committee. Judiciaryrelated to thepaymentoftheants to the Judiclary'Commlttee, withreport on the propriety ef the President's recommen-had addressed thejust bis criminal associates. WMle he unqoallBedly eon-" Slavery"horse suddenly fell dead. He was very fast, and with- ever, will elapse before the necessary forms can be was of the act to they express admiration and sympathy for tke disin-GODSlderationofthebill.The amendment providing for a pro rata division of him at the round figure of $2,500, Of course, "no prepared transferring largerbill,which referred, amendatoryappropri- arm and equip the whole body of the militia, so as to Olessage of Gov. Xetcher on the Case of governed, and for tbe uafllnchlng courage and calmin a few days his owner had decUD&d to part with for theterestedr.ess of purpose by which they bel:eve he was Coppic— Severe Reflections on tbe Gov* cheerfulness nith which lie met the csoaeqaeaeai at—Kentucky Unioalataf Noii-A(Itmtars andmentsGentlemen of the Smote and House of DeUgateaincrease the appropriation forsecondly, the letting of entire postal dlBtricts to the lowest responsible bidder over presentthat time at the residence of ills motlier In that State, and subsequent events bave fully confirmed the accu- racyoftheInformation, TheGotemorrefusedto;to the foregoing propositionsthiscommunication, and to;liUen of theMr, SaxxMAa offered the resoluU<as reported by theWeand resolutely, and to this end union and haimaay ssAmistad case claim-the document to which it is UoB between tbe United States and Spain, w as to pended additional authenticity, and to show by theConstitution,laws,be tofacilitate commerce by the reciprocal Importation sanction of an official seal that tbe officer has greaterof the sta- or export duties, and the free passage of persons from tion, and by authenticating the requisition and the documents to support it with, the great seal of the State gives greater authenticity toingproductsnotarial of the to establish and regrilate paper circulation of uni- State the notary is acknowledged to be a to be such an of-on theCommittee terior to report aii the facts relative to the accoimts ment found, or an afllwJiairicthmade the mriegnidsitriaotn-.o''f Cbbistt is nottiation can add nothing to itTbe Governor's second letter, dated the *"'' ?'reftrincelothe preceding paragraphGov. KiEswooD ufes tills langUase: J^-.^"'* staUs that from informsUoD receivedCommittee roie ind i^Tronaorderthebilltoathirdread-State.ThatcandidatewhoIsknowntobemostop-thelocationselectedbythePresidentHr-Hals,Ilr.HousTOB—ThefilthieritistheIwtterforyou.hisfnowWge,J^a'was^toj-cfausetts, New-York or Illinoisnon-agitator and practical non- Interventionist, of thewith removals and as to the accounts of;.^aotber reason in justification "f refusal to grant tbe requisition, viz: Thatsome one wbo Is arecommendations, <kc„ connectedbis "it Is not commit-prognumae.of tbeJannary, assignsfor the inauguration of the equestrian statue of Wash-^ootMfcWkldrwai strongly opposed posedlle Bnehanlerisiii,]u>d mrft devoted to the fulflfl- «f Government Cries of " and abettlngVoai. Baowi. »d "theia, wboeaaji^ Unitarian;vote,re-filthylatD>e,oa Wedneeday"<'TM'?«'„°^J*^^^^Also,a resolutioncallingof Mr PiM, latewasin the yearand tbe country and nlea of minstrels who perambulate;of the resolution be would be disposed to consider the subject.,anybe commenced at Uie French Tl—« libitMr. MoxMB—I don't want you to have Uie retolu-success."^Chicago,He said he Intended to press such inqoirles.Slated, unless it be infereutially, Uiat Covpicted the acts charged, in Uie State of ^"i^lf-.yF^(Virgtala,) .^nd from other fticls **by Messrs, Dsacr, New-Hamistilre, (Rep.,) said If the Order." committed certain wlmes, aad £;2?^s^*^°"o^'"n-^-^^^ ^"^>?andtte««>fMUe«boioeof alltho berdar Slates. Non-aon-BgttBHnaSlavellMdiM tad Slaveboldlog.non-lptrrventioa,pn)bahly FOMTUC.to embellish this city aad tha buildings with publicstatoss and palatlsga. More borrid earieatnrea ooaldUiat Coppic is aSuie," According to this Btstemeat Of tt« bB*^ Cweker,DnBarian.After some discussion as to theMr. Moiais—Then you are the appropriate man.appropriateness he believes 7^'C'o-p„p^iJc^»I« "°»f,Untitled Documentthat Cubabe acquired, and inquire on what terms this can beantberity ippotalidto cause Ibe rogirrre fo he dallvarad to so-*-Messrs. Cubrs, Scor lad Pbilm severallylookingname.Bow different has been tbe course of Ike Qeeet buiof Iowa ! Instead of caasiag this oCnator "to aa ar-Tbe House concurred in the Senate's resolutiondeclaringought(Rep.,) presented the memorial of S. G. Dalt, contesting tbe seat ofpageit Is provided that "whenever a deauad is aude upon tbe Governor of this Stato by tke Uliei'iaUie iftake onGovernment,Peimsj^ivania,rose,: ShorUyafterIentereduponmyExecutiveduties I( Sep.,) replied to whatadjourned.for Freedom 'and not for"kedWbJ^if aad CO behal? of Uils State. In my j'"t'S'i«STMmTMt' 1very «ar short of a jnsuftcailoa.nie act of Congress provides that wk«« a .*'?* 'fej*,S»'""»<»wMMr. of (Dem.,) introduced a it had hcen erroneous. I have also rcaaoa to believeMr.tween him and Mr. Houstob, said he had been re-minded by his colleagues tiiat in answering Mr. " Vb-glnia upon subject providaa tta(ofHentTOR'a objection to the introduction of his resolu- State cberged w:th treason, felony, or oikertrade,establishmanuractures,andthusachieveSoatb- made a requisition on the Governor of the State of era independence. When men holding tlie bigfeett Iowa, for Babclay Coppic, who had been engaged in official positions in the Free States " feel" and " ax-the Harper's Ferry raid, and had fled from justice, 1bad sausfaiitory evidence that the fugitive was at press admiration and sympaUiy" for tbosSelect Committee last year charging that the Secre-tary of the Navy, with the concurrence of the Presi.dent bad abused his discretionary power in making his Inaugural Message, In relation to the occurrences who are Identified with us In interest and sympatty, coal and live oak contracts, and that tlie Secretary and actors in the Harper's Ferry outrage, force upon alike demand it.twstowing patronageReferred to the Committee of the Whole on of the most serious and aggravated character, om- Virginia,House,the State of the Union.to sustain and deilBttd II,Mr. Matbaxd, of Teimessee, (Am.,) introduced araiolutiOB, which was refenedmittee,mitted against the soverelgpnty and laws of this State, yet with a certainty that it must have that effectHe declines to the in bis letter of grant requisitionready to the Constitution, and They navteo <-*" loyal wiUiagprompt and cheerful obcdlmce to aU laws bmmAthereot Tbelrpursuance obUgatteaaJudiciary:dischargefugitives from justice. Also, a resolution, which was Uie Notarial seal of the Notary who administered bare keen faithfully complied wilb. Tee "'theoathtotheaffiant TbeNotarybeforewhomtbaadopted, Kiting forth that the geographical podUon affidavit was made was duly ^^tnted in panuaDes people ask for noiblng beycod tbelr coiulbySecretary before arequestedpeople.!just punishmentthe neople of *~~of Cuba to the United States renders it emlnenUy de- of the laws of this Commonwealth, and bis signature rights, and I trust tbey wUI be satisfied with naihtaw less. Itistime,therefore,thatotirNortherahtetbriaThe acto.' CcngretsfUKltlves from justice,t oes piov^;e that vvhenever tie Executive authority style themselves " Christy's Minstrels." He ^»»*» of aiiy S;a!e, <tc.. shall demand a person as be seen *TM~"'AcMr. WOBSIS rejiacd tiat he w..uld prefer it to go to 1S50, it is provided that, "In all cases in which, under fack also his honest"s^p"i"r^it^'o'f^^se.lVf"-'r,el'l'«i°t,'in'd,t^a^t^i'y'.'*''the Executive shall deliver htm, &c. Hut the Governor of Iowa has faUed to see that by an ECt of ro(gT<ss passed on the lOth day of September,Slate,the laM E of the United States, oatiis or affirmations or ackcowledcments may now be taken or made beforesuchtatic'spabllc as officers, before whom affidavits propershould beEnglish Cokcmts.-ATerritory,oaths, affirmationsorEvery vocal r*—In Uie vernacular, and a vlgoroai atttoM «ta kedays In Vlr^a,The resoluUoB was referred to the Post-office Com- from iD'onSaUon recently received, be Ta»ily*«Ua»a4 ?«>to8Hnn-mittee.Mr. Msitut submitted a resolution proposing an in-f"g"J''«.{f,»'"j!"«2fi.!'3^'ia^of Barost4b.e,requiresresponsible,!;;Iwill retmlte the severed ties of aflbetlca laA revive the reign of fraternal feeling.retted, aod secured,nouee ef ttie ariaitalnaomat I kenseurstobietGovernor, ory bytobelievethatthe is complaintmmd X me, h*fbreki*letteraddreaaedtoceictd it, liertkf giving natiet f Um rrimimal to aMfer kia etcapt, before tbe requlatticn ooold be aaMsdM Ifthat a messenger was dispatched, to give la'<]n>aiiaabethe offender to prison, and shall appiiie the OomBOcquiredtbe comity required between friendly siiur Stoto* not tbe action wblch will refuse to anest a ffa^iaat offender, sbltld him from on frivotoaaand if it had been oti- eerved, we would now have had this violataraf our laws In a condition to ensure his trial for the eitaea charged against him. As matters now alaad,llto barely possible that he may be arrested aadbcoafhtfrom Missourifeel alarmed when he heard the tread of mil- demns the act yet " he cannot wonder at tlseiaerBtsays,to success. Wemusthaveauuted Seuth. Necessity, and duty to ourselves and thoseIndispensablecommanded the respect and affection;ofand tbey nave always been, and iliH are,execute thetheir brethren ol all sections of tbe cooatiy. Sodi aXfaaieai.troe,shaU tibais rv-devolvinf npoapretendare impostera. It 1» «»"a. Frederick W."pre- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comet££^>^£? „ 