 th*rr be|rtwas but was <nr be i And poiatedl as *«abooa wlina600-righta thecoo- over notor oa rela-bebe for athethe * andbe * onemerebj of aintfiout aa»has»to the bat ofcoia- long—no anythe "der-Tfift<the to mpa-to icfor ,000 andita-theofwill andt* ion*bjzedbis bytheon,.1as •to *5ngin E*-TT.owas h%M»ru from one end. *>tber of Xtoman Catholic JEurope.NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, i 8 6 0 ' *\ -iii'-i.—..... ,ti' $&••$&»&#*•:A HOAX.The venerable and ingenious Sidney E Morse,of visit for tbe purpose of a ^ r t a i n i n g by anting what the sly Sidney E. Morse doubtless well remembers, and what every intelligent person- also knows, that the. English aristocracy opposed to the last the abolition of Slavery in the Westvising and attending to its duties, and probably eralities. „ill-traced boundaries of the German Confederation; found learning, critical sagacity, and' philosophicalandbecausetheTridentinecountryandeven Istria thought,rareamonganyclassofscholarsandperhapsunprecedented in one ec intimately connected with theare ready to rise at the approach of an Italian polities and diplomacy of bis day. He had been en-negroes. At Alton, L*vejoy was murdered inburned in 1838, the very year previous to which, according to the "Journal of Civilization," "the •"American Anti-Slavery movement was eminently 44 kind, considerate, rational and Christian." W e accept tbe admission, however, unconsciously made. But what will our friends at the South say to such an estimate of the labors of Messrs. Garrison and Tapj an ?EIGHT OF VISIT.The President/in his aunual message, men-are happy to learn, from the instructions of. the •Secretary of the Navy to the Flag-Officer of the African squadron, as printed and laid before Congress, that our Government too, has abated not a little from the extravagant claim origin- ally set up as to the immunity which our flagcarries with it.tended for, because its defeated opponents threaten to destroy the Government, and because, by their lawless course, they have already depreciated the value of property by hundreds of millions? In- stead of yielding, the Republicans think it is best to have the matter all out now, so that tho coun- try may not be exposed to repetitions of the same wickedness and folly.Fire in Memphis.MEMPHIS, Tenn., Friday, Dec. 14, 1860.W®$W^->to ^ i ^ S ^THE LATEST NEWS, tories and be protected there during their Terri-I Young Hk£PZ" Christian Union. torial condition, f v BOSTON, Friday, 0 e c 14, I860:to Home,ROBERT LE DIABLE.Tbi* opera i» one of the finest ever composed, bothfor the beauty and freahnees of the ideas, and their gaged in foreign commerce, " That the claim on elnborate trcathient. The first act alone is a mine of " t h e part of Great Britain, forcibly to visit and lyrical wealth, and every page.is a study. The idea of ** search American merchant veasels on the- high putting up such a work once, is like showing a Titian or Raphael while a railway train is taking the specta- *' sea*", has been abandoned." This, we think, tor by: there is no time for study. In Europe, when a is stating the British claim, at least, so far as it great opera is produced, there is the devout attendance was ever attempted to be carried into practice, of crowds of amateurs and connoisseurs, night after in rather stronger terms than the facts of the night, until ibey master the interior .meanings, the case would warrant. However that may be, wo nobler tranecendentaliKms, of the composer. There istions a s ' a source of sincere satisfaction to all •classes of our citizens, and especially to those eu-twice, but the President decjiued to accept either, though acknowledging the delicacy which prompted both.It is understood that the President holds Gen.Cass's resignation under advisement, a"nd will en-Territonep, and that tbe following amendment be made agreed to give complete self-government to Hungary, to the Constitution of the United States: keeping only the finances and army out of tho con- The Congress may establish governments for tbe trol of the Diet, iu the belief that the Hungarians,SwYork,Dec. 14,1860. THADDEUS HYATT.doctrine gave such satisfaction to the slave-to the dark shade of Bertram. The mere considera- ant if Mr. Clayton resigns. •country.DEATH.OF CHEVALIERtraders, who hoped that the mere hoisting of tion of the contrasts "of these two characters is worth the American flag, wh^te^ex^migQt^be thes na- mi:ch to the seeker of musico-dramatic truth. MadamoBUNSEN.Fulbri has a smooth, powerful voice,'nover missing a were regular or not, would henceforth protect note or an iutonation. Her "versatility is remarkable:THE CRISIS COMMITTEE.The Crisis Committee sat four hours to-day and then adjourned over till Monday. Mr. Kel-Tbe dangerousillness of thisdistinguished diplomatist Manufacturer*' and Merchants' Bank, No. 518 Broad-tionality of ther vessel, and whether her papersand scholar was announced by our recent European w ay, (yd floor.)©f the United States is to give absolute immu-nity are citizens of the United States who rightlydbplay it. But bow is a British or other foreigncruiser te know that the flag of the United States Tiu<h ice in the river opposite the city. *'«*.'Tl.'.j toons are not very explicit, yet they clearly implyj that there exist*; in all suspicious cases a right : ,, . '&ECErVEI> BY .A special meeting of the Yormg Men's ChrintiaaMr. Curtis introduced a series of resolutions Union was held last night in Tremont Temple for intimacy with Niebuhr, who was then the Prassiaadeclaring secession to be revolution, and involv- prayer for the preservation of tbe Union of the state*. Minister in that city- He became bis private secre- Bhoop Eastburn made an address. There was a large tary, aided Mm in his literary^ labors, and kx 1816 vr*mexamination of the ship's papers her right to hoist ^recently, we r.gr.t to say, devoted himself that flag. "You will, therefore," these instruc-MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH. 2ftr<vm Wasfeington. •ing war, and pledging the Committee to sustain attendance and a deep feeling was.manifested. , the Union at all hazards.well known in this community M M i n v < m t o r to tbe cruel sport of faoaxin* our verdant andnnsnspecfcng coten;perary, Harper's Weekly. He has beguiled that -Journal of Civilization" by a cock.and.ball story of a conversation^ Paris, inw betweenhimselfanda certainQuaker,*bo at Mexico, mauy years before, had talked*nth a ^ f t a i n Commissary-General of the Brit- ceded in terms, yet is by the general phraseology the^prefeeut embarrassments Would be greatly re-is* army, who gravely assured the Quaker that of the instructions substantially admitted. Ia lieved. They are now aggravated by an im- > Some general but unimportant discussion fol- and that the war for Venetia is unavoidable, ure of tbe King, resigned his diplomatic Junctions, andbeen so silly as to suppese that the ruin of their " and restore our once happy country to peace-signed, as Secretary of State. Regret is everywhere induce the Serbians, Bosnians; and Wallachs, to acquired the art of lucid method and clear expression, vice, is not expected to, recover from thy illtieBS exprfgsed, in consequence. The indications are, that try an attacK upon the Turkish Empire, which which are among the strongest necessities of the En- which has absented him from the Department Ex-Gov. Dickinson of New-York, will be the succes- would not fail to give a European character to tho glish mind. His writings; although showing.such acolonies would have been a spectacle calculated to entice the American people to follow in thehas imposed on Harper's Weekly can only be in view. It is to state in the ritost solemn and 3»arnlleled in absurdity by supposing hira to havesame course. The notion with which Mr. Morse they can do to accomplish, the object they h.xve•the weekly statements. I t has not been so bad There was an understanding among the Select Com-at any time siace 1814, when Treasury notes mittee of Thirty-three to-day that their proceedings,persuadod the publishers of the "Journal of Civ- misrepresenting the Republican party; that theyhenwonein an official quarter.ilization " to set fire to their printing-house inare in their hearts convinced that it has no in-of proportion with the exhausted resources of the empire. Cavour, too, enters most heartily into such an arrangement, which would shelve Garibaldi forever, and insure the unity of the peninsula, with- out the risks and sacrifices of a desperate war.Still, the pride of the Austrian Emperor cannot be broken, even by the pressure of all the great Pow- ers. Francis Joseph feels that, by the sale of Ve- netia be would lose his influence upon Germany, and that the center of gravity of the empire would at once be transferred from Vienna to Pesth. For more than ten years the Austrian scribes have con- tinually preached to the Germans that it is the lihine which they defend on the Mincio; the cession of the famous Quadrilateral, for pecuniary consider- ations, would, therefore, amount to treason toward Germany, or to a coufession that all the reasoning about the importance of the Mincio was-a humbug. W e do not believe, therefore, tbat the Cabinet of Vienna could accept tho propositions of diplomacy, though public opinion throughout the Austrian Em- pire backs the propositions of the French and En- glish Governments.On the other hand, some pressure is likewise ex- erted upon King Victor Emanuel. The European rowel's refuse to acknowledge the blockade of Gaeta, and prevent an attack upon the fortress by the Italian fleet. Thus the siege proceeds but slowly, and may still finger for a month or two, pre- venting Victor Emanuel from organizing a southern army in Naples, where,"^ as long as Francis II. keeps Gaeta and Messina, partial insurrections break out in the montains, fostered by Neapolitan gold and byadapted to repel tbe most resolute and patient explorers.THE KANSAS FAMINE.• "We cut the following items from TJie Laurence Re-publican of the Cth of December:' KKI-IKK PROVISIONS FAIUNH.-—We understand thatfrom 100 to 150 trains from the interior are now in Atchison, waiting for supplies, which have given.ont. A recent accident (the breaking of a bridge) on the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad has detained scae of, tl e provisions which were en route for tho Territory. Tbe infamous fab-ebood of Judge Williams, that, under • t i e guise of " relief goods," supplies, arms, & c ; were being sent to Montgomery, has been made a pretext- by s<>n e of the railroad companies for raising the freights, which has earned some embarrassment. It is hoped, however, tbat recent contributions will soon arrive, so that the Relief Committee will not be obliged to send any of tbe needy empty away. But if now,. in the first days of December, difficulty begins to' be realized in supplying tbe wants of the destitute, what shall we see in February or March, in May or June? God onlv knows wnat in to become of our people!No PERVKBSION OK THE AID TO THK SOTFXRXRS OF KANSAS.—We wish our Republican exchanges at tie East would reiterate the fact that no arms or am- niutiiion whatever have been sent to Montgomery from the East, marked as " Relief Goods," <r Relief for Kansas," nor anything of the kind. If he and his. n en have arms, they are such as have been in theTemtoiy for years. Neither have any provisions been svnt to "Montgomery or hi« men. Hardly & pound of the relief provisions has been sent to Linn County at all, jaltbough the people of tbat county are as deHerv- ir.gof assistance as any in the Territory. The report that tbe contributions of the East have been perverted to tbe huprly of Montgomery is utterly false, and is circulated by Pro-Slavery and Democratic journals to pievent aid from being extended to- our suffering people. >GOOD NEWS FOR THE STARVING!THE WEST CONTRIBUTES 30,000 BUSHELS OF CORK—TIIE CORN TO BE MOVED—PROMPT ACTION OP THE NEW-YORK COMMITTEE.Tbe fact tbat I linois and her noble sister States of the West have opened their granaries ia a flooding stream for the starving thousands of Kansas is widely" knewn. But it is not so generally known that forseveral weeks past some 30,000 bushels of this gen eroubly contributed grain have been lying in the hands of Committees and at depots of railroads through the Wert, for want of Hacks in which to tr;tnsport it.Contributions of money sufficient to accomplish this object bave during all this time l>eeh suffered to lie dormant, somewhere, while the poor starving people of Kansas have peen the famine-fiend and the drifting snows steadily bearing down upon them. To them every delaying hour is one of peril and Of death.At the Cooper Institutctmeeting Of Wednesday even- ing, l~th inst., a Committee of New-York gentlemen was appointed to act in behalf of the Empire City. On Thursday evening, 13ih inst., they met, organized, and set to work. On Friday, 14th inst., they had an agent on his way westward, to move that 30,000 bushels of grain ! and the telegram of the same /day informed Gen. S. C Pomeroy, at Atchison, Kansas, that be was at lil>erty to draw on the Treasurer of the New-York Committee for $500 to meet his freight bills! Lrecom- mend tbe friendt; of Kansas everywhere to send theircontributions to J. E. Williams, esq., President of the Metropolitan Bank, New-York, and Treasurer, of theNew-York Kansas Relief Committee.the hope that their rival, Frank Leslie, oa see- tention and no desire to interfere with {Slavery ing the smoking ruins, would at once/proceed to in any State where it exists; and that it will,V ere sold at 25 per cent discount. Over drafts amounting to $250,000 have been made on New-except as to resultp, shall be regarded as private, anatherefore not to be revealed for publication. It isknown, however, that several propositions looking tol>urn his own establishment.But the worst part of the joke perpetrated by right established by the Constitution, It is pos-Mr. Morse is yet to be told. Harper's Weekly sible that it may require an effort on the part of is in constant terror, of the censorship of the some of. these gentlemen to state these si;uplaSooth, and has been trying for several weeks to truths in a manucr to be heard and believed; but apologize and atone for inserting, soon after the if they sincerely and heartily desire to end theelection, a portrait of Mir. Lincoln among its present distractions, and save the Union, letYork, and orders have been dispatched to St. political conciliation were presented and read, but notacted upon. Several gentlemen made speeches, andLouis to transfer $300,000. sent there to pay ojinionswere interchanged. The prospect of accom-army and other demands, to New-York to satisfy modation is about the same as it was yesterday. Inorder to afford time for consideration, an adjournment these drafts. There are only a few hundred till Mqndav took place. .thousand dollars in all the Depositories, scattered The publication of tho manifesto of the Southern in small sums, and thus rendered unavailable at memhers has produced, a depressing effect among the coneervatives, who say tbey are now satisfied the for- any particular point. The Mint fund, which is mer are opposed to any political compromise or accom-rarely touched for any other purpose, is ex- modation whatever.It is generally reported that Mr. Douglas's^ speeohhausted, and there are warrants amounting to next week will be of a coercive character agaiuet 6e» $2,000,000 on the Secretary's table, which are ces»ion,Senator Wilson's letter, addressed to Caleb Cushing, not signed, because they cannot be paid. Mr. will appear in to-morrow's National Republican.illustrations. Mr. Morse, who is an Anti-Slavery man ofv fifty years' standing, his first newspaper effort being a aerie* of letters in a Boston journal 5n 1811 to warn the North agi-.inst the danger of admitting any more Slave States into the Union, being JXO doubt disgusted with the subserviency of the " Journal of Civilization," maliciously makes it give currency and sanction to the fol- lowing statement: "All who are acquainted with " t h e history of the Anti-Slavery movement here, -** know that prior to tbe abolition of Slavery in *' the British colonies, the American Anti-Slavery 44 movement icas eminently kind, considerate, ra~ ** tioval and Christian." Now, Slavery was abolished in the British West Indies, August 1, 3838. More than seven, years before, Jan. 1, 1820, William Lloyd Garrison issued the first number of The Lii>erutor, and began the agitation which soon made him notorious. So great was the uproar he created that in JDe«\, 1831, the Legislature of Georgia passed au. act offering athem overrule their self-love, and make the effort. There can be no question that the exist- ing excitement in the South is due in a great measure to the misrepresentations respecting the Republican party which have been circulated for political effect. Let these misrepresentations be corrected, and the excitement must decrease.One of the gentlemen who have called .this meeting has already had experience in retracting unjust and calumnious political accusations. W e refer to Mr. Watts Sherman, who, in his ca- pacity as a member of the notorious Fifth Avenue Committee, lately begged pardon of Mr. Gerrit Smith, and paid the heavy expenses of a law suit, for having brought charges against him which were untrue. Let him now do as much for his country as he has done for himself unde'r the pressure of a prosecution for libel; and let his associates zealously joiu with hira in doing it, and thus they will prove that thoy are not mere partisans, but patriots, who are able inThomas will take immediate steps to secure the payment of interest on the public debt, due on the 1st of January, if all other demands have to be temporarily postponed.Soon alter Mr. Cobb came into office he re deemed the Government loan at a premium of 16" per cent, to relieve the plethoric Treasury, and tLo day he went out it. was sold at 15 per cent discount. ,:So much for Democratic ability and economy.Perntim's People's. Pacific Railroad bill, embracing th* routes, has been referred to the House Special Com- mittee on that subject-. ,Paymaster John S» Cunningham has been ordered to the fcloop-of-war Macedonia.a»F r o m K a n s a s .ST. Louis, Friday, Dec. 14, 1860/A special dispatch from Mound City, Kansas, 8th, to The Democrat, says all. is quiet there, and no arrests have been made. Montgomery, Jennison, Seamon and others, are not to be found. Gen. Harney had ordered two companies of infantry, under Major Wessels and Citrt. Lyon, to be stationed at Mound City, and tworeward of $5,000 for bis apprehension. On Jan. such a crisis as thift, to rise above prejudice andbut Gov. Medary 'would not consent, preferring that the U. S. Marshal should make the arrest, and the prisoners oe tried by Territorial law. '•'....',Disco/rered and Killed.ST. LOUIS, Friday, Dec. 14;1860.A special dispatch to The Republican, from Inde- pendence, says that Adson, wounded, and Bail, who escaped from Walkers, were found yesterday secreted in the woods. They were surrounded and ordered to surrender. After conferring together they drew their pistole, and replied they would die first. They were immediately fired upon and killed.rendering to the Sardinians, well aware that they would at once be incorporated into the Italian army. He prefers to send them to the Roman States, where they arc disarmed by tho French, and sent back to their homes. Thus their regimental organization is broken up, and arms and horses are kept back, un- til it should be decided who is the King of Naples,not only de facto, but likewise by right. In this way, most precious time is lost to the reorganization of the army, and Victor Emanuel made unable, until Spring, to lead a sufficient force into tho field against the well-trained Austrian battalions.By such artifice, diplomacy hopes to delay tho war, and to achieve Italian unity by peaceful nego- tiations, preserving the Austrian Empire, and avoiding tho risk •of a . European confla- gration. Still, the revolutionary storm, whichJ, 1832, the New-Ei?glau<i Anti-Slavery Societypassion, and correct the evils of which th^yr arewas founded upon the principle of immediate themselves, in a great measure, the authors. emancipation. In the following year the Amer-ican Auti-S»avery Society was organized upon thesame principle, with Mes>rs. Garrison, Birney andArthur Tappau for its leaders. In 1834, GeorgeThompson, the English Abolitionist, came to thiscounlry at the invitation of Mr. Garrison, andfor the next three or four years the Slavery agi-tation was greater and fiercer than it has everbeen since. The Abolitionists were mobbed in allThe Journal of Commerce sees no hope for an immediate and unconditional repeal of the Personal Liberty laws in all the States. Still less does it t»ee reason to expect that the Republicans will be brought to give a hearty assent to the extension of Slavery.—Isn't it surprising that a party which has just fought and fairly won a great political battle thato fJuife.tions proceed, " be prompt to prevent the search ' or detention of vessels of the United States on** the high seas in time of peace by the armed "vessels of any other Power." The search or detention of our vessels is to be prevented. TbeSjxwial Di»F*tcu to Tho N. Y. Tribune.This led to an'animated expression from South- em members, who declared if conciliation was the object it could not be attained by such means.Mr. Curtis then withdrew the resolutions tem- porarily, but they will probably be renewed oaTHE STATE OF EUROPE. •• <mFrom Our Own Correspondent.appointed Secretary of the Legation. Upon the resig- naUonofNiebuhrinl824.he was made Charged'Af- faires, and in 1827 became. Minister of Pnwek at thePapal court. Ho remained in this position for about, ten years, when he became Miniater to' the Swiss Fed-If Mr. Buchanan would resign and turn over rightofvisitforthepurposeofidentifyingthe.theGovernmenttoMr.Breckinridge,thusthrow-TURIN, Nov. 23, 1860.national'character of the vessel, though not con-ing the responsibility upon a Southern President, some future occasion, and the sense of the Com- phase. All Europe knows that the "irrepressi-mittee tested. . ' *.* ble conflict" between the new Kingdom and Emt aw-ador to tbe court of St. James. He continuedA WOBl> OF A2>YI€B.The meeting at the office of Mr. Richard Lathers takes place to-day at noon. This moat-willuntilthesecessionordinanceshallbepasseJ.THE FORCE AT FORT MOULTRIE.Secretary Floyd stated to-day, in reply to in-To tbe Auioeiatcd Press.WASHINGTON, Friday, Dec. 14,1850.ACADEMYOF MUSIC.and the remedy, in which it is 'proposed that Mr. Lin- tion of Hungary can save his throne. Already, on coln's .Administration shall'-acquiesce in the construc- the 20th of October, he abandoned all the loud tion of the Constitution, substantially settled by the talk of the early part of his reign as to the central- Supreme Court of the United States, w'hiCh puts S^uththem, that would appear impracticable, lie did not attend the Cabinet meeting to-day.THE ASSISTANT TREASURERS HIP.no royal road to knowledge, nor is art exactly sweet-meuto. A good opera demands study; and, what itseldom gets here, modest criticism. It isdisposed of is expected to.retire immediately. The Presi-the Ctfngref-e nor tbe people of a Territory, during the Territorial condition, shall, by legislation or otherwise, annul or impair rights of property recognized by tholaws of any of the States.F r o m P i k e ' s P e a l c .FORT KKARNKY, Friday, Dec. 14.1860. return to their places and duties, without waiting The "Western Stage Coach from Denver lOtn-paaeedAccording to that claim, as originally put for- opt ras, the supposition being that the public asks three seminating secession through The Constitution, The Jury remained out till Saturday, oue o'clock, andnot agreeing were discharged and the prisoner set at liberty.Waters, tie murderer of Freeman, is not yet arrest- ed, but officers are alter him.The fmt church bell in the Pike's Peak region arrived here on the ~th.Himkby & CX, messengers by the U. S. Coach, this niorniug take down $.*>500 in dust.A copy of the President's message, which Hinckley &. Co.V Express arranged with the Western Stage Co. to bring through by special messenger, left Fort Kearney at 8 p. m. the 6th, arrived here at 9 a. m. the Mb. and was published by Tiie Mountaineer that day.Two roaches of tbe California Overland Company and Pike's Peak Exprcspassed here for St. Joseph this afternoon.. DENVER CITY , Tuesday, Dec. 11, I860. Charles Metz, formerly a citizen" of Leavenworth, died here on Sunday, and was buried yesterday withmasonic honors.None of the parties from here for San Juan hadrea»bed those mines at the last accounts. They were stopping along the east foot of the mountains, kept back by deep snow. Encouraging reportu still con- tinue to reach them. The weather in Gregory's Mines wati \ery fine, and work was goine rabidly ahead. The C. 0. C. and P. P. coaches take down twelve pas- sengers and $2,000 in dust thib morning. .forwnrd, the right of search and the right of novelties a week, is unreasonable; but, conHidering thowhich was favored with the President's Message visit were one and. the same thing, As the right hurry of the ti:ing, it went nicely enough. It is requir- confidentially, and which now enjoys all the Gov-of search was exclusively a belligerent right, so ing a great deal from artists to be accurate, spirited,was the right of visit also. In time of peace no ar.d equal tl.eir to task, when their efforts are not ade- ernment advertising, under Mr. Buchanan's order,such right exi-ted. To visit on American vessel after she had hoisted the American flag was a trespass. The flag itself was a sufficient protec-The c»st of last night—Mesdauies Fa>>bri and Berkel,and Mefvrs. Stigelli, Formes, and Quinto—was good, veniently repudiate it, but. these facts speakquately appreciated by the public.not being entitled to it by law, from a lack of necessary circulation. The President E*y con-stronger than words. . It is probable that Mr. tion to- every American vessel on which it was attention. The character of Alice—the good genius of Thomas will designate one of the most experi- hoisted. It was in this shape that Mr. Cass's Robert—is a beautiful creation, and the constant light, enced clerks of the Treasury to act as his assist-atd all went through their arduous parts with zealous*he dai-bes every night at a new character with success. logg of Illinois spoke nearly two hours to dis-advices, and by the arrival of the steamer New-York yetterday morning we leam that, his death has taken place at Bonn.Chevalier Buneen was born at Corbach, in the Ger man Principality of Waldeck, Aug 25,' 1791,aud was accordingly in bis seventieth year at the time of hisWILUAii C. BRYANT, DANIEL LORP, MORRIS KETCHXIM. Jt.-BN K.''WILLIAMS, SE1H B. HUNT.A'nc-York, Dec. U. I860.' i iiR. H. McCURDY, TRADlTEUS H Y A T T , GREENE C. HRONSON. C H A S . W. ELLIOTT, DANIEL DREW. 'i if 111 ithem from the visit* of British cruisers."We are glad to see that the instructions to the Tl.e mutic of Robert lies, well in the compass of Sti- publican platform aud purposes, and to showHer two beautiful romances were much applauded. abuse erroneous impressions concerning the Re-African squadron expressly repudiate this idea. gelli's voice, who looked.and sang well. Formes re-"The United States do not claim," say these cently las not improved. We have heard hino do bet- him from any suspicion of. an intention or desirethat Mr. Lincoln's record and speeches exempted instructions, ** that the mere hoisting of our flag ter, on the whole, than last evening; but at times he to interfere with Slavery where it existed byCLOSK OF Rrvica NAVIGATION.—-The river is filledwith floating ice, and as no boat has reached here from"should give immunity to those*who have the showed bi» wonted energy. 0 law.'•• right to wear it." In the very language used at —There is some talk of a demonstration in favor of Mr. Cofwin then addressed the Committee inthe time when this subject was under discussion, Mi. tJllman—a benefit on an enlarged scale. Mr. Ull- a conciliatory speech, and closed by presenting a by those who opposed the ultra claim set up by n;ao acted very liberally in tbe production of La Juive,but the public did not appreciate the. splendors of its proposition substantially to the effect that thedeath. Be recoived his academic education at the New Yoik to-day we infer tbat tho navigation of theUniversities of Marburg and Gbttcngon, and at the »iver is closed for the season. We understand that the latter seat of learning was for several years a pupil i team-tug Cayuga, bound up with a tow, was obligedMr. Cass, these instructions add: " Such a'• pretence would subject it to degradation and frtnge-tettings; so the manager lost money. It is duo- The fteamehip Europa is not yet signaled. She has probably encountered strong head winds and will not oe up b« fore morning.The thermometer was down to 8° above zero to-day.T h e T o r o n t o F u g i t i v e S l a v e C a s e . TORONTO, C. W., Friday, Dec. 14, 1860.The decision iu the extradition case of the fugitive slave Jones, alias Anderson, is expected to be given by the Court to-morrow. The authorities are making active preparations to prevent an anticipated attempt at rescue. The polico are to be ar'a«d and the troops kept in lendineep.Holland and at Copenhagen, in the latter place with a special view to tbe acquisition of ths Scandinavian lan- guages. In the year 1815, he made the acquaintance of Niebuhr, tbe eminent historian, at Berlin, from which he derived aBtrong intellectual impulse, and re- ceived a direction in his studies, which remained throughout the whole of hiasubsequent career. Dar- ing the next year, he devoted himself to the Ori- ental languages under the guidance of Sylvestro de Sacy in Pari*. Soon after, he repairedcave tbe barges at aonw transferrable point on the iver, so that tho property can be conveyed to this cityon the cars. [Albany Evening Journal Friday.—Col. Andrew Neil of Galveston, Texas, made a bet of 110,000 a few days previous to the election thai Breckinridge would not get 17,500 majority iu Texas Of course be has lost. He was released from the par- ment of $10,000 in consideration of famishing lOOrifloafortbe use of the Minute Men of Fort Bend County.••.dishonor, "because it would thus be made a " cover for piracy and other crimes of a similar ** atrocity." The only persons to whom the flagto him to have a demonstration in his favor.g t e a m « r ; A ^ r o n n d . MONTUKAL, Fiiday, Dec. 14,1360.Territories should be allowed to elect, all their own officers, which are now appointed by the President, and that, upon attaiuing population enough to authorize one Member of Congress, they should be admitted as States with or with-agioundnear the center of VicWna Bridge, on Wednes- out Slavery, as they might elect. •day, and ia not.off yet. Mr. Rust of Arkansas proposed to amend by aThe ttermon.etor is 7° below zero. There is not provision that Slavery might go into the Terri-Tbe jtearoer L'Dh-le <»f the Li:>rariu Ferry, gotimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm., -1:*u»n*Pf>*n«um*m.i.i iI,I i...W ASHINGTON^Friday,Dec. 8,486UTUE GOVERNMENTAL EMHARItASSMENTS.becility and want of courage to carry out his lowed, and the subject was postponed for another unless Austria should either be willing herself to retired to private life, not unthankful for tbe eonjgenial their West India. colonies, well knowing that erably further. The American naval officers cwn convictions of right. Timidity and vacilla- meeting. It is very evident from all the indica- give up tbe detested dominion over the country leisure thus afforded f< r tbe pursuit of but favoritethe English aristocracy had abolished Slavery inabolition, would totally ruin those colonies and on the African coast do. not appear to object to tion have strengthened the hands of the disunion- tions that the extreme South intend to demand between the Mincio and the Isonzo, or Victor studies. Since tbat time bin literary activity was sin-mately dissolve the Union, and destroy democ-of Pneumonia. Mr. King is acting in his place. how;ever, of being invited to return, under new Italy always threatens to draw all Europe intothe object of that detention is not to hold them racy ia both the Old and N«w Worlds. as prizes, but to put tome American oruiaer onThe credulous "Journal of Civilization" swal- their track. lows this canard with great complacency, forget- THE ASSISTANT SECRETARYSIUP.practice the thing is carried, we believe, consid-4 destroy their commercial value to England, but the detention of American vessels, or those claim-' iste throughout.koping by this sacrifice J o create an anti-Slav- • ILLNESS OF MR. HOLT.protection for Slavery in the Territories as a sine Emanuel should not be ready and strong enough gularly productive. Devoted-Co antiquarian re*earcHee, qua non, and that, failing to obtain it promptly, to enter single-handed into a war with his still to the philosophy of history, to doctrinal theology, and tho Gulf States will secede, with the expectation, powerful neighbor. But since a war in Upper to biblical lor*, bis volunrinotw writing* attest fheing to he such, where the truth is palpable thatery sentiment in this country that would ulti- they are engaged in the slave-trade, and where . Mr. Holt is lying seriously sick with an attackwonderful extent of his erudition, the prodigious scope guaranties, or with what they call reconstruc- the struggle^—since it is certain that the King* of hie investigations, and the comprehensiveof Southern Germany are inclined to side with liberality of bia mind. His great work on "Egypt'sAlthough Mr. Trescott has resigned his place tion. This is the programme, in plain terms,Place in Universal History," bia " Hyppolytus and His as Assistant Secretary' of State, he is still ad- however disguised it may be by evasions or gen- if not impossible, to respect in such a war tho Times," and "God iu History," are monuments of pro-Indies, the slaves anfi tbv estate* there being in ington Hunt, Erastus Brooks, John A. Dix, Fort Moultrie, that the Government has no ap- the protection of the public property. The President, against Austria, a landing by Garibaldi's' volunteers and critical and antiquarian dissertations, acomiidera-fact mostly owned by them. Emancipation was Gerard Hallock, and others, " for consultation prehension of. an attack. . however, is still opposed to such increase, for pruden- on the coast of Dalmatia would at once' rousa the ble portion of which has already been- published.-carried in England by the liberal and democratic " and mutual counsel, with a view to the adop ILLNESS OF MR. DUNDA9. tial renwms, being apprehensive that it would but aug- malcontent countries of Croatia and Hungary, and Chevalier Bunsen had a strong attachment'to Englandmiddle classes, and not by the aristocracy, who, " tion of such measures, if a,ny can be devised, Mr. Dundas, Second Assistant Postmaster- ment the prefent excitement. the war would soon embrace all the extent of the and English literature; several ofher celebrated scholarseven if they had favored it, would hardly have i t as will tend to heal the present dissensions, General, and one of the beBt officers in the ser- There is no doubt, whatever, that Gen. Cass has re- Austrian Empire, while the din of arms, might were among his moU intimate friend*; but he never.!f u l and harmonious relatious." ;—We will frankly tell these gentlemen what for two months.corflict. , ILord Palmerston;therefore, andiNapoleon, and even J wealth of thought and learning are like a tropicalPrince Gorchakotf, wish now to put an end to such wilderness in their luxuriance aid confusion. Theyuncertainty by persuading Austria to sell Yenetia, afiord tbe richest materials for the plastic hands ofand thus restore her finances by relieving her from thenecessity of keeping an army on foot,, which is out more orderly fclioWs, but in ,their present state aresor, though these are not altogether trustworthy. There is but little, if any confidence in the assurances that South Carolina will not resist tbe Federal authori- The condition of the Treasury is far worse ties dnrin# the adisinistration of President Buchanan. impressive manner that they have all along been than is understood by the public, or -disclosed in Tiey are regarded as mere promises to quiet appre-beyond all doubt, respect and maintain everythe principal cities of the North, and terribleoutrages committed on them and on the free turned mainly upon the extension of Slavery, Secretary of War objected to reenforoements, onThe steamer Goody Friend, bound up, and the steamer South Bend, bound down the river, collided forty miles above here, and the latter sunk. Several lives were lost.year, cannot so easily be allayed. Garibaldi, snub- bed by European diplomacy, and by the officials of Count Cavour, is more powerful in his retreat at Caprera than he was at Naples aud Palermo. His voice is sufficient to raise, once more, 20,000 volun- teers in Italy, and to transplant revolution, not only into Hungary, but even into the German provinces of Austria. Au appeal from Caprera may break tbe web of diplomatic cunning, andrif Lord Palmer- slon and Napoleon cannot succeed in inducing Francis Joseph to sell Venetia before March, Gari- baldi will cut the knot with the'sword.-should not be ready, the. next day after theelec-. 1837, and at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.Hall was tion, to turn around and resign all it has con-the ground, and upon the authority of represent-ations that any such step would provoke a colli-sion. It is known that Messrs. Cass aud Holtdecidedly opposed this view, contending that itwas the best mode of insuring peace, and thatwhile the Government pretended to exercise au-thority at all, it was bound to protect the publicproperty, and with the means most efficient forthat, purpose. This view, was fioally rejected bythe President, and Gen. Cass thought it incum-bent upon him to withdraw from a cabinet whichfailed to perform its duty according to his ideasof proper responsibility. While in Gen. Jack-sou's administration he tendered his resignation «-ra property upon equality with Northern property in ization and German)zation of bis Empire. HeTHE TREASURY.• KENTUCKY...The Kentucky delegation have held a meeting and exchanged views fully and frankly. Mr. Crittenden will present the proposition published in m\ dispatch a few days ago, as the ultimatum of the South, and failing to obtain it, or some equivalent from the North, he will justify Ken- tucky in cooperating with the Secession move-ment. Prereut eigne point to an approaching clin.px, unless seme means be found for arrest- ing this dangerous driftiug toward the lee shore.RESIGNA TION OF GEN. CASS.Gen. Cass has resigned the Department of State. The immediate and moving cause was the decision of the President not to send addi- tional troops to strengthen the Charleston forts. This question has been up before the Cabinet on several occasions during the last ten days, aud discussed with much feeling. The President andcompanies of dragoons, under Capt. Steele, at Fort i the disbanded soldiers of the ex-King, who is Scott. Gen. Harney wished. to declare martial law, j anxious to prevent any portion of his army from sur-deavor to induce him to reconsider. But consid-ering the radical causes of difference between tbe Congress into this Union as a State, and neithertor the relief of the sufferers by famine in Kansas, '.would make.tl.e following representations: It is now made certain tbat the dearth of provisions in that Ter- ritory \# liktly to produce the most fatal consequences. The Whiter grain, sown last Autumn, perished in con- fequenee of the drouth. The crops of Spring grain, the Indian com, the buckwheat, the potatoes and other roots, on wl.i. h the settlers depended to make up foriig^VVThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 130691muh*%*m»99i&tt0KI&lwPMr. Clayton, Assistant Secretary to Mr. Cobb,dent gave him a broad hint to vacate, in refusingdramatic composers of Europe could be croatod like a him the ordinary acting appointment after Mr. pa'ften^ers. - - . . • • • "Cabinet Minister. To suppose- that Robert can be given Cobb's retirement, and sending Mr. Toucey to DENVER, Monday, Dec. 10, I860.for authorization from Vienna, and all the country claims now is complete restoration of the laws aud reforms of 1848. The Vienna bureaucracy is quite taken aback by these-new pretensions; but as far asalter a ringle hearing, as though tbe two or three livinghere for Omaha this morning, with mails and sixwith tbe exactitude due it in all details,* sandwiched, perform the ministerial service of signing papers. Thip morning is clear and bright with no frost in theround, and faimers are plowing for Spring crops. we can guess, the Cabinet and the Court will soonas its single performance is here, betwixt two other He will soon have plenty of leisure to aid in dis- f."'barley Harrison's trial was cloned on Friday night.bo forced to yield to the pressure from Hungary.I wrote you, some time ago, that it would soon be- come impossible to maintain the present position of affairs, which must lead either to a state of siege or to a revolution. Now I can assure you that Austria w ill not dare to return to a state of siege. Hungary is certainly to triumph; either by armed and open re- bellion, if there is a new Italian war, or by passive resistance, if Venetia should be sold. But the prin- ciples of 1848 are certain to prevail, and, alter an interregnum of twelve years, Hungary once more will .return to her place as a free constitutional-•..'1 1•^«Untitl;ed Documentwww.fultonhistory.com'£*•Steaxail>oatMEMPHIS, Tenn, Friday, Dec. 14, 1860. has swept over Italy during the lastCollision—IuOM«Overton Block, on the corner of MaiaT and Monroe streets, was burned to-day. Loss $175,000; insured for $91,000.AnotherALBANY, Friday, Dec. 14, i860.Proposition.1 hisstate ofthingsin Europe is clear, even to the most short-sighted partisans of Legitimacy* EvenThe Atlas trrtd Argus of to-morrow morning will Francis Joseph cannot be blind to the dangers of his publish an tlaborato article, on our country's dangers position. He sees that nothing short of the concilia-Territories of the United States; and any Territory having a population equal to the constituency of pue Member of Congress, and having adopted, by a vote of the citizens of the United Stuteo resident therein, a Constitution, republican in form, may be admitted byTO THE PUBLIC.The undersigned, appointed a Committee to carryFrancis Joseph—so much the more difficult is it,Lieut.-General Scott has expreesed the opinion that amy, diplomacy is busy to avert such a danger. gaged for peveral years in a popular work cmthe Bible,ing is called by Messrs. Watts Sherman, Wash- quiries concerning the sufficiency of the force at additional forces should be sent, to South Carolina fur Besides, it cannot be doubted that in the struggle embracing a new translation, an elaborate commentary,Ieration. In 1841 be was sent by his Government to . The Italian question has assumed a new England to concert the establishment of a ProtestantAustria must break out in the coming Spring, in this office until 1853, when be incurrei the diapleao-delighted with getting rid of the Austrian officials and their arbitrary oppression, might be satisfiedures and mowing grounds the grass withered and died in early Summer under the heat. Multitudes, to the number, it is computed, of thirty thousand, bave left tbe Territory to seek* subwibtance in tb« States; multitudes yet remain who have neither the means of eu igrating, nor the nu>ney to.procure food fnm tbe region to tho north and eus^t Of them, where \\ e crops have been abundant, It is e«tituated that tlirty thoiu-aitd people aie in this dreadful condition, many ol w.h< m, it n«<t hoon relieved, mu»t literally die of starvation, and many more mu*t perish by the <&** <-UK-H which accompany a famine. The people of the Western State* bave provided considerable quantities of grain for their reliof, but^ money is wanting to con- vey these to their destination.. There never was, in the judgment of tbe Committee, a case making a mors\ r, ent claim on tbe liberality of tbe public. It is to be b«»j ed thu every town and city of the State will join in tih* workol charity, and that collections will be made for tbe sufieiers m all our churches.Any donations in money intended for the relief of tl e buflertis may be sent to J. E. Williams, esq., Pre- t-ident of the Metropolitan Bank, who has conseuted tow.t as our treasurer, or to any other member of the Com- mittte. Any donations of another nature may be sent to tl e rocm ol the Committee, in tbe building of tUeinto effect the objects of a meeting of citizens held at with eveu a semblance of their former rights." the Cooper Institute, in this city, on the 12th inst.,But it is notorious that the Hungarian character isnowhere so little known as at Vienna. Tho conces-sions proved, completely abortive; they could noteradicate the deeply felt Want of confidence in Hun-gary, nor sever the tics which had lately sprung upbetween that country and Croatia. In a sober andbusiness-like manner the Hungarians took advant-age of the difficulties of Austria. Thoy are now busy, thin lots, in like manner utterly fulled. In the past-reconstituting their counties; the old officials of 1849Non-Arrival of the Europa,BOSTON, Friday, Dec. 14—10 p. ra. of the celebrated Heyne. He continued his studies in o torn buck on account of the ice, and that she willV-..,w h « ean. English Episcopal clergyman, and renewed his..•..-...» ' .'•:'*he married thedaughter of'bishopricinJerusalem,andsoonafterbewasappointed '.- • 'V. .••-Vw.tMi..^,.)>...« i.i«ji 