 I rthe2dor3dofthatmonth.ticeinbehalfofSenator Hammond,whose sound and statesmanlike conservatism is well knowntoourreaders,that"hewillbeacandi-spirits. It is understood that if the Catholic vote Iscon steamingupthebay,amidtb«roarofcannon. ingbeenapartytoit It-houldbeaddedthat centratedonthatticket,Lincoln'sdefeatIscertain.iblood royal is lodged in the White House,and the affairs of other countries. When wo want a tbe Secretary of War. It is not known whether the Sucre •bout 1600 by water; lucureu lor 13^00 Us the 1i<«* \t.i> t irepresentingJNEW YORK HERALD.t h efre-Hews fiom HaNew OautASt, Oct. 20, list Ta* steamship Cahawba, Croat New York, via HiramKth m a t , has arrived a t this partThe health ol the city of Havana was|rau> restores.T t e •*—•hips Bienville aad Empire City sailed fro. Hsvaaa for K«w * • * on the 17th.Tie total revenue of tbe island of Cuba for the panJAMBAOOROOn BBSJiKT'f, RDHOR A.NJ PROPRIETOR.•tJ I9V C B Opas H c. C« a-i * 8tXLV*>iP H I-BP« T•9SI a TPBA bP d1< co Cr JI I tot1s IOKflCKf.V. W. COKNKtt OP Kl'LTOS AND NASSAU 8TS. which caused m»re activity la sales. Wheat was less so tiveand buoyant, and rom lc. * 9- per bush* l»«emeopathioCollege, ©barteredby the last Legs-m-"HTU'K OAiLi HERALD im»om»ptr XH.OTpm ewwam j eri>n.ixe>t,afloa and la store, and 73"•»<: a H e for flatwere refused admittance, and upon inquiry they found that they were excluded at t i e or-tains all the points raised on Bouroicault's be- ba'f, and grants an injunction against the defendants. In view of the import-Duoslas ticket. This m a weak attempt oT the bolters to get tbeir champion into deeeat political am Hattoe W e emphatic*!!* deny that any each offer was aade—that anybody badauthority tomakeItto UO 000 boxes MohssaiscUw: ckyed was quoted at »Ka!X reals per keg *++* W9n . ^ ^ ,,. change on London 14 a U X s w ssat premium, oa New York 2 a 4 per cent premiumHaws fftWSB Plhe aefsssDlsraptloa off tits Kaaaaa Convention. LsAvavwoan, K T ,Oct 20, IMSTbe Convention s t Topeka was divided by the aOopttn ot the majority report of the Oonalttae os Credentials,fiff f U S U UMJLALV mm* *«•?&•• * **£,*»l»*'rr-1*, U T H K »—•—,• <**. „ _ ._„ r ':mill f fjp* 8* lf<Wtycrita aMno* <» (A* lat, 11* ami list "^mt* wants, at tm were quite firm, with sales of 800 hads. Cuba it fair(OOM»partofn »i»»»TM-lo' (A*a<nN*«iil V** »» Ufrhtdt pamkAft; (A"jeitow. Pork wastaasoderate lemand, wi • salesof ne* metsat$1930a$19 37.and$1400fornewprims SofarsAMUSEMENTS TOMiRJAOW KVENIKQ.MIBLO'S OAROEV, Broadway—Ki«a U i i .WISTSR GABDKN, Bm»rtiMt -pnoeKe Bond Street.- OrV MASaSBMO—^LS'SANT »ElG»*Oa.BOW 1ST TBEATRR Bowery — oiot WITSIUW—MT*TB- BISSA*DMwai or Mt loex—AIAABDor TUBWAVBliM—Thxe Crisis an H a n d .In nearly all the Southern States the publicnagement of other public charities it will per-reversed by any federal judge in the country. Tbe decision in this case is of importance to the general public as well as to tbe authors andWALLACK'8 THBATBB, Broadwey.-faATtBC WITHReilys s a l t h e pspaWun The eeceders organists «ffli _BARIUM'S AMERICAS MC8SIW • Jroedway - D a y endB>**tas—JoBicra A * » B I S KKSTHKUI—Livma CURIOSI- opinion that she must and will secede on re-American Saaxssvtioiis ourtmg 1860—What Holt 7TIES AtiBRfA'T-' MI«9TRBL\ Meoaarlw' Hall. 471 Broad «ti—i.iiiix>*Li.vfcoaca,1*AJIcas,Ac—WsComraoatut HlUA"tBLO'S SUI/iOK. Rna W»T-ROOUT A CAHr»KU.'s MlBSTdftlj* l!» STHIOPI** SO»<.§ BcBUSMiUKS llABCES, AC — PajacK or WALKS' BALLceipt of satisfactory information that Abraham LincolniselectedPresidentoftheUnitedStates.Nor do the newspapers of South CarolinaThe Prince of Wales sailed for home The mtsalonarjr Broil a t Constantinople.jeeteiday, embarking at Portland, Maine; andso etds our latest sensation. The yeat 18(10 correspondence which has passed between thehas been fruitful in exciting events; our wide awake, mercurial people have had their Jhandsdrill and discipline, it furnUues an army strong enough to maintain anyindependent move that may b e made b y the Southern States."The Vanderbilt will arrive at Southampton onthe30thinstant. TheDukeofNewcastlepromised findinourlastreceivedissueoftheCharlestonto return to England with the Prince on thefirstOf Mercury a little paragraph which gives "a silver November. He wiU probably arrive at home on lining to this cloud" of war. It is a public no-any Western Power. The Japanese princescreated a very great sensation. At Washing- of the Protestant governments undertook to valrous son of the South ever appeared la pub-off Plymouth, where itisto bemet bythe Channel squadron.appearance,arranged,when the representatives No more noble, disinterested, scholarly or cb>The Stwi,The Bteamahip City ofManchester. Captain Mier- date before theLegislature for reelection tosonforthepartwhichhetook,thattheofficiat-big ship made a sensation only second to that ing clergyman .at theinterment was an Ameri as nags that would win.house, from Liverpool 3d, and Queenstown 4th the United States Senate;" that "asrumors of inat.,arrivedatthisportyesterday.Shebrings hiswithdrawalhavebeencurrent,wedeemitcaused by our Japanese guests. If the GreatEasternhadbeendecentlymanagedthepublic shouldinvolvediplomaticinterference,sinceheno news, her advices having been anticipated by the Arabia.The steamship Vanderbilt left this port yester- day for S juthampton and Havre, with 181 passen- gers and $891,329 in specie. The City of Balti- more also left thia|port yesterday for Qusens- town and Liverpool, with 2oo passengers. She takes no specie. Owing to the strong northeaster- ly gale which prevailed yesterday, the Vanderbilt came to anchor at Quarantine, from whence she will depart at ten o'clock this forenoon for Europe. It is reported that the City of Baltimore anchoredan act of justice to him to state the fact" that he does not withdraw; but that "whatever may have been his intentions at a previous period, the present critical aspect of affairs prevents his voluntary retirement from the public service."Now we dare say that Senator Hammond is not prepared to hold the election of Lincoln as our next President a sufficient cause in itself for the secession of South Carolina, but that he holds to the opinion that she should await irom the new administration some official action le veiled at the peace and safety of the Southerncuriosity about her might have been turned to much more profitable account Let us hopeshown by the fact that Geo Wood, of Mississippi, and JIn the lower bay.The northeasterly winds that prevailed during all States. T o this e n d , w e presume, Mr. Ham-Oouglaaltes. The proof Is positive, but higher matters are t o b e attended t oTBS TBM VILLION LOAN.A loan of ten millions Is to be contended for by capitalists on the 22J instant, to be be la for twenty years It will test the confidence of moneyed men is the stabilityof last week increased to a violent gale on Fridayevening, which continued without abatement up toan early hour this morning. We have as yet heard Washington after the 4th of March next, inof no disasters to shipping in the neighborhood ofNew York, but none of the Southern steamers dneat this port had arrived np to the hour of going topress. Despatches from Norfolk and Baltimore Abo's" Cabinet, or the drift of his inaugural ad- state that the gale was very severe in Chesapeakeof a great and friendly Power.For the firstwhose policy is opposed to everything like ag-gression, or political or religious meddling incase baa been sent to tbe War Hepartment. It aliowsDegroot about eighty thousand dollars, Instead of onehundred and eight thousand dollars alreaiy allowed by*»out 12,000;raneeCourpacycbenbrucb, dealer in K<'g*re an<l ii.^ac ' >, aWck i;am**r4tioned city was completely submerged by the storm.and "the slave power."On the day of the Presidential election, how-magistrateofthecity. OldBoston—thescene niaandNewMexico,andasweshouldbe glad origina- award,wbiob is pronounced correct bysomeofThe Priace of Wales and his suite left Bostonyesterday forenoon, amid enthusiastic cheers fromthe citizens, and accompanied by Governor Banksand other distinguished gentlemen, for Portland,where b e was received by the Governor of the Stateof Maine, the Mayor of Portland, a respectable considerations of prudent delay; and so it is by body of military and the entire population. He no means impossible that South Carolina may wasescorted throughthestreets 6tthecity,andATTORNaTfinally embarked on board the British war steamer Hero. The cannon of the war ships and the bat- teries thundered, the bands played the national airs of Britain and America, the vast concourse of people shouted their adieux, and the royal squadron steamed away for Merrie England. The closing scenes of the Prince's tour are graphically de-scribed in our columns this morning.cross the Rubicon, or do something which will compel Mr. Buchanan, in his annual December message, to call the attention ot Congress to the subject, in order to avert the catastrophe ot a threatened collision between the federal and the local authorities of the State.In any event, with Lincoln's election we shallhave a great upheaving, overturning and re- very serious character. On the 6th of next we feel any particular sympathy towards theconstruction in all our political affairs. It is met last evening at the headquarters, No. 618 not surprising that, foreseeing this war of the Broadway, to make a nomination for candidate for elements gathering in the horizon, our kite-fly-JudgeoftheSuperiorCourt,inplaceofJudge ers,speculatorsandfancymenofWallstreet Pienepout, resigned, ihrea years of whose term are should bo walking about with their heads toyet unexpired. The convention went into an in- the ground, impatiently awaiting the issue ofacclamation, after which the convention adjourned. BrriKS.—It is stated that Comptroller Haws ismonth we are to elect a President of tbe United Armenians, it is because they are the YankeesThe RepublicanCity a n dCountyConventionformal ballot, with the following result:—James W . White, 7 6 ; John Slausaon, 6 ; scattering, 4 .the Souih, where, it is useless to deny or at-watch should be kept over our diplomatics-weather yesterday, the usual op?n air concert d not ia >e place at the Central Park.The eateo of co.toa yesterday embraced ebwit 4 000 a e.OOOr>aws-.ctoein*Armonthebasts of11^jformid dlleg uplands. Thefloor market was b«*vy, and opened at easier rates far State and Western shipping brands,N E W YORKS U N D A Y ,2 L1 8 6 0 .MR YANCEY, MR. DOUGLAS AND GEORGE SAN.DEKS—A QUEER KETTLE or FBH.—George Sanders, i t appears, i n h i s anxiety last spring to harmonize the democracy upon Mr. Douglas, overdid thebusiness. The following extracts will explain bow. The first is irom the Doug- las organ at Washington, to wit:—were sued for infringement upon Mr. Bourci fault's copyright'of the drama called the " Oc- toroon," and Mr. Justice Spraguo gave anfor'.rdwBU-randsprint.of60OtOa70000bushelsat10aa7o*c a71eforWest all medicalcolleges areentitledtodo;they opinion,which covers thewhole ground,sus-stand unsupported upon this point by the CABTSRBltO M JlIU UALI, 663 Brotdwar.-ioacs. action of the people. On the contrary, theyArmenian Patriarch, in reference to the riot that lately took place at the interment of an American Protestant in that city.This is tbe substance of the conversation which oc-curred iii m v presence. Mr. Fisoer w a s present I a mnot Sore wbetaer Mr. Posh and Colonel Hubbard were gale at Norfolk on Friday she ell not leave at the usasl present at the time, bat I believe they were. RespectDAM"T.» HI•»i.»:»i*rt> A cMaw V o r a . K a a a a y . *Mj*a»a>«.r U , 1 B 6 0 .rttint.farm tter»iu—« alttOrala Mill on whose dutyitwill betocastthevote ofthehour .Tbe lower portion of the city of Norfolk has bees eon.TaaBUMueaiusbipN«rtnStar,ChutJones,will leave •BW port io-morrow, at «">>ii, for AMiinwailTaa ouui* fbr Qkiiforata aud other jmnm rf toe Paella will otoae at uw oewea u> OWMVOW rooraiag.StateforPresidentandVicePresident;and said Legislature is to attend to such other bosi nees on tte occasion, according to the Gover-to keep pace with the railway progress of events.As for the British journalists who came over with a view to astonish us by their superiority,crisisintherecentatrocities inSyria. When thesetworeligiouselementscomeintocolli- sion the interests of humanity demand that all Christendom should combine to give the suTbe navigation of tbe WeUand canal, which was stop. pedbytherailwayaccidentyesterday,wasresumeda fouro'clockthatafternoon.ThetrafficoatheBuffaloact Lake Huron Railroad is still obstructedSailing of Use Hortn Briton. ycaaac, Oc 20, UMThe North Briton sailed at tea o'clock, with eighty four passengers.Southern Ocean Steamer Movements. SAVAmua,Oct If, 1M0The Florida arrived at Tybee at five aad at bar wharfat nineo'clockFridaynight AUwell.IHarketa.PHILADELPHIA 8T0CK BOARD. PBILADIU-HIA. Oct SO, 1801.Stocks heavy. Pennsylvania State Fives, 0 7 ; ReedAc Railroad, 2 2 h ; Morris Canal. 043*", Long Island Railroad, 13X, Peanayivaala Railroad, 40. Might exchange as New York at par.Cornwaslower,wttb salesoneofourpublichospitals,asthestudentsof" * "»*"•* «•»» market was quiet, aad qurtattoaio fr»•»,mUetmd frmnoa*piarSw*/lk>»nM,4f«*•!.vtttt«ftA«m% BOMI/or. aw-oua Foaaioa OoAutaavoemsuna — quality, the sale was #pirlted sad at good prices. FreightsCAsnooLAkiT titiirat to8*u.litIMUMuraP wtre some less actrve, he nrin. Wheat was en- contributed from a common source, whengaged to Lirerpjol, in ship'* b a r . *» 12'«1- • U H«* . « * tbete young m en could b e excluded from a Vol • X X V ,.&*>. Siwm floor at 8a.3d., and eettoa a- &1. ToLoadea "heat, in hospital because they chose to study medicine<*»'• on-evpf. or 81M M r a—int.rtf> FAMlir UMMALD -m WaSaaaaae, at ram mm perfair demsfid. A public sale of 4 OM bags of R»» »••* VOLUHtART 'X)RRXSPUiriJg»Ca, IWIM aajMrauii made at $13 1 2 * a $16 86—versse $18 80 Ooastderlng'TfaWm* W Saw aVCV tiMMMfJiprices, and 20,1CO hags Manilla at 6J4S. CoftewasluAllthishasaveryrevolutionaryaspect;butweParis they were debarred from interfering—the the publio pulse rose to an unprece- Sultanalonehavingjurisdictioninthematter—dented height. Nor was there time enough formond desires to b e present in the Senate atever, the new secession Legislature of South Carolina will assemble to deliberate upon thisBreed s.Hill—old Boston pours outall herlearn- ing, her wit, her refinement and her beauty to do honor to the lineal descendant of George theobject, aswe didin thecase of Japan. How- ever strong may be our religious sympathies wiih our fellow Christians abroad, we do notsylvania, and will be absent about a week. KANSAS INDIAN L ANDS.very question.among these men will be very aptto drown allThe news of Lincoln's electionrlature.madeapplicationto visitthe wards ofthis Presidential battle.Mr. White was then unanimously nominated by COMPTROLLER HAWS AND THB PUBLIC CBA- Wall street, ever sensitive to real danger, has and instruments of a set of fanatics who wouldThe National Democratic City and County Con- •vention assembled tout evening at Mozart Hall, for the purpose of nominating a person to fill the place ofJudgePierrepont,aaJudgeoftheSuperiorpreparing a statement of all the sums of money appropriated out of the public funds for some years past to the different charitable institu-A Oake* He;; apj , d n»r «fj ,»rd*r to show CSLW wcy already begun to scent gunpowder ii the embroil the world for tbe sake of making a Nelson, the Breckinridge candidate, bas been elected a peremptory n w i x , .8 ehouM oot Isrue cuinr-Muz biwCourt.Afterashortsession,whichwasheldwithtionsofthecity,and,asfarascanbeobtained, closed doors, they nominated Frederick A. Tel- the amount of good resulting from those appro-Bi&dgebyaoclamatioa.The Coroner s investigation into tin) cireom. ••ioeofmch a report, if it bo made full andstancesattendingthedeathofMrs.JaneAugusta thorough. Vastsumsofmoneyareexpendedtheother,untilaftertheelection.HowUrthe anyunfavorableimpressionwhichtheconduct feelingofdisaffectionintheSouthextsadg,or ofourrepresentativemayhavecreatedatCon-Thethreepartiesopposedtotherepublicanhavefuae<i la the Fourth and Fifth districts, uniting on Messrs 3ige-Blankman,formerlyknownasFanny White,was resumed yesterday. A fall report of the testimony isgiveninanothercolumn. Attheconclusionof theevidencethejuryrenderedaverdictthatthe ileceased died of apoplexy.•J«Jjoe*outofthetaxlevy,byvariousor- dtaances of the Legislature and Common Coun- cfl,andifthepabllowereacquainted with themode ofdfctribution,andtheactualamount of good otherwise remxltlng from the properfurther action in theaffair. Itisimportantthat the Eastern populations should be made A collision occurred on tbe Detroit aud Milwaukee a* Secretory ot SUte, e.*u.d tbeir « » m » : ^ ; " d J ? T_ A M A >f..m a t<t j*'J ^ f t t n i t MWiotrd faster. « •*•-**?"*. „moved,beforeThe counsel o f M r . Devlin haveJudge Leonard, in the Supreme Court, for a writof certiorari to bring the matter before the GeneralTerm. The plea of Mr. Devlin, which was to hare in making these donations.been given to the Court Of Oyer and Terminer, We have very little doubt that there are plenty eras postponed until Monday morning, in order to ofevils in themanagement ol our public charities1 outs, respectful y , ^ ^O i 20 — 9n W £ B-.*te ta. AW P«* Horn ei • U-o<-r appeal"" Ir^m rev.-rseapriations. Wecannot commend too highlythewhat will be its results, are matters leyondhumanken. Wehopethatournextaajsanonwill be as harmless as those which have pre wer. seems Inclined to withdraw from any cededit;butwehaveveryserioustearsthatsuch will not be the case.or topropwrpernapa, to the exercise of more dUcriminationM t M e t c ,t t .disposition ofi t , Uwouldload,CUVSLAVD, OH 20,1SO0 The mail train on tbe Cleveland and Erie Railroad, going esetitn riay, ran into a wagon at PaioesrUle, killing Mm.Sotrttnm Stone, a boy u*meo Dyte, aud Injuring Mrs.a nallopathicpbjsician.W omerelyappears to be confused and paralyzed, driftingabout,apprehensiveofdangerandmischieftoSouthern institutions, y e t undetermined whatto do. There is one State, however, IDwhich in thecity which maybe the recipient ofany thors. If they can be secured in their copy-embracingthoseLACBA i n X t B TTiBaTRl. H* 614 Brondway.- it is very evident, from her orgaos of public portion of the public money. Such an expo-right, so as to be remunerated for their labors like other literary men,it willnotbemany jears before w e rhall have a n American drama worthy of the name.>HJ:«» aaooit.»BW RAWEST THBATRK Sowerv —HIOBWATBAN or TBS BBAB-MOTHBB OOOSB—«T WlrV* «'©«B.opinion,thatthe*mindsofthepeoplearemadesitionwilldoagreatdealofgood.State, o fNearly all ber public journals concur in thenp. Thatcourse, i sSouthCarolina.• *••foe Uwm foaa "aaaxf 4a*AiJ>--«AtiIornla edition— nor's proclamation, "as thesafety of the State they have been a week or ten days behind,and premacy to Christianity; but where local dis-^OIAUJ'II* ut« tateat iBSKiitcanor frua* ali pana at the may require " This is generally construed aa so completely bothered by the whir) and roar•erM, *1tA a larg« i«Biiit* of oeaJ ana auaoeUafieoaa meaning that active legislation will be re- and bustle about their heads as to be reduced ^, themselves, the intervention of foreign Powers•*aner, ai»l be p't^i'itM at atm> cTkx* ia the mormnx Aaf"> oopiea, la * rapport, read* for asUliag, atz eoou.ria wis ptflaar mm* <• thew araan as early aa poa-THS LATK3T NKWi FOB EUROPEputes break o u t amongst Eastern Christians to a condition bordering upon helpless idiocy^ | carries us back to a period whhh none buta personal and narrow spirit thatMr.Hawswillbeenabledtogiveusafall and irue history of every charitable institutionand tbeir beads full all the time.in the play says, "there has been so much goinghave lately elected a State Legislature in whichthe recession element, including R. Barnwel!Rbett. from Charleston, largely predominates.This Legislature is to meet at Columbia on the6th day of November, to elect the electors thej could do (and that is saying a great deal) barbarism and civilization, culminated to a8. 8. BAXTER.n o tmake etrange bod fellows," w e will give i t u p that honest John Tyler and honest John Minor Botts never slept under the same blanket Itmustalsobeconcededthat,after resistingthe tempting offerofSanders,thisterribleman Yancey is " tbe greatest Roman of them all." Bear in mind, brother Yancey, that in being elected Vice President with Douglas there is something better behind. " Douglas must d i e within six months after bis inauguration.'' Only think of that. Was there over such a flattering offer made to a fire-eater before? Aon thatgoing on." Those indomitable Mlowo, the New York reporters, have had just as much ashardlyanybodycouldtell whatThe long standing animosity between tbe two antagonistic creeds, Mahomedaoism and Christianity, the representatives respectively ofquired, providing for the withdrawal of SouthCarolina from the Union, including the propernotice in advance to the other copartners as to 5ear with the general smashing up of thethe general government,that SouthCarolina, democratic party, an organization which tbecloseoftheseventeenthcentury wasmark- fromandafter,aaytheitndayof March next, once assumed a Divine right to governmust becounted out the country, but which became so utterly siasm, and although our own century is tooThe steamship Vanderhilt, Captain Lefevre, didnotgotoaaayestardaj*inconsequenceofthe workofaSouthernconfederacymeetswithen- nothingbutsentimentsof themostpro vival,yetmodernEuropeandiplomatistsappa-This idea of South Carolina leading off in the unprincipled and corrupt as to InspireWe started off in this memorable sensationfanatics would wish to see recalled.The policy of the European governments at campaign Douglas song was started some timeheavy swell on the bar, C*puin L. deeming it im- couragement from the secessionists of Georgia found contempt in the mind of every sensibleprudent to cross on a failing tide. She will pro- Alabama and Mississippi, and even in Tennessee man. So, at Charleston, the democratic party, tageous to be relinquished. Constantino- the bargain falls to the ground, and there is noceel onher royage atteno'clock this forenoon. they are sympathizers in themovement. Mean- after a fierce struggle for life—a tremendousWe shall send our latest edition, containing time the young men of the Palmetto chivalry effort for existence—expired before the eyes ot at present prosecuting their rival interests,Flour steady $1 46 a SI 06news to four o'clock this morning, by the V ., thus giving Europe one day later American intel-'under cover of this pretended zeal for religion" Minute Men." The badge adopted is "a blue ligence. She will reach England before the rosette, two and a half inches in diameter, withfew scurvy politicians who wept over the pros- pect that they might be forced to earn an honest livingFrance through the Catholics, and Great Bri tain and tbe other Protestant Powers through a new community recently created by the Araeri can missionaries, of whom our own Minister has, it seems, also constitsted himself the protector.be anticipating his funeral?Whore is Sanders?•qntdroD, which left Portland yesterday af-ternoon with the Prince of Wales and suite, the side of the hat" Some of them also weara military button In the centre, to be worn on will arrive in England. The news of the de- "a red scarf, with the letters M. M. imprinted onA little sensation was caused b y a feeble at-tempt t o galvanize t h e democratic corpse a tBaltimore; but this was crushed out by the near The riot* which recently took place over theHEWS FftM TBE .UT10UL CAPITAL.WASODfOKMr, Oct. 20, I860. THS BBSUH OP TBK aiSSidsIFH IL1CT105.The returns of the Mississippi election show a ma jority of 20 000 for Breckinridge. Hon. Jeff. Davis Isparture of the royal fleet, and of the completion of it" The Columbia Carolinian, speaking of this thetriumphaltourofthePrincethroughtheUnited organization,sajs "therecent elections will States, will thus be known in England two or three doubtless stimulate its growth, and we wouldapproachofthegreateventottheyear,thear graveofaproselyteofthissectfurnishedapre- rival of the Japanese Embassy, the first mis-are organizing themselves as a volunteer po the nation, and went to its grave unwept, un-litico-miiitary body, of the style and title of bonored and unsung; its only mourners were a Russia through the Greeks and Armenians.ought to bo stopped, for with every reason to hope that Mr. Douglas will "still live,"' though politically dead, why should these song singerstext to championize Protestantism which w is to be met by an outpouring of the whole State of days,in advance ofthe appearance ofthe squadron not be surprised if, in a month, with proper t-ion ever sent by the Oriental Britons to eagerly seized upon. The affair had been, to all Mississippi at Yazoo oa the 80lh of this month.ton, Baltimore, Philadelphia and New York there was a Japanese fever, andresettle i t When informed that by the treaty oflic life. Had his health been equal to his varied faculties he would have rivalled theCalhouos and Macona of t h e earliest days o f t b e republic.\*.*kHER A L D,are productive of most good to the objects forwhich they a r e specially designed. A s aa instance of the ungenerous spirit in which foaieof these institutions may b e managed,,.wo m a ymention incidentally that students of the Ho time since, in Boston, when certain partiesdercite this incident toshow how narrow minded ance of this decision, we have print- are the managers of some of these public ed it in full elsewhere, and. personscharities, whioh are supported in part by fundsAn extrahere this afternoon a t three o'clockMonday, with eleven througs .server of Hicklej'i Exprem, with 00 800 ta SI ,300 is the hands orbalk, was taken at 1 2 * 1 a 131 , and flour at 3s 94Tits Diewwtom ttmcatloK lm SomtlL Gturo- conductorsthereof. Uponinvestigatingthema- soundjurist,and hisdecisionwill scarcelybehaps be found that they are not administered nvn<% In anticipation of Lincoln's election, with a view to the public good so much as inaccording to a different theory from that «f theW e trust, then,A s the manw a sfully, yoars,Now, if this doesus to cool off before the Great Eastern came from its stipulations, the United States not hav-the fluttering of countless flags, and the accla- mationsofthousandsofdelightedpeople. TheMr. Williams is stated to have assigned as area-It is too late to swap horses for the Presidential race, but A 6 Brown, for President, andsome New Yorkers say,Mr.Dickinson,areproposed byaSouthwesternmanmanner of an overgrown schoolboy who hasbeen justly snubbed, a royal squadron is seenriding at anchor in the Gulf of S t Lawrence.It bas borne to the shores of the New World theheir apparent to one of the oldest and proudestof European thrones. Under triumphal arches, of-war. over rose-strewn pathways, through gaily deco-gerated, and that our Minister has not been led United States. The republic greets him by the persuasions of these men to forget hismakeshis way to thefrontierof thecapital advanced.AWARD IN TH« DKGKOOT CASB.order that he may consult with Southern Sena-tors and representatives as to the course they most coidially, as the immediate representative position as representative of the United States, The opinion of tbe Attorney General in the Degrootshall pursue, should the composition of "Oldmetre 'ir 88(00 to tbeHi'i:lton l i n Tbed-.-tfir.ir;«ooonpiei b; M L Uutime in the history of the nation a Princo of thedress, foreshadow the prosecution of an activeBay, and that the lower portion of the first men- abolition programme against Southern slavery rides up Broadway side by side with the chief territory wo pay for it, as in the case of Califor- lary oi W ar will adopt this opinion or adhere to bis1- Aster acd St ^M-ho ** Inruraore ^oait*nies. TQ< *'•<tnfdryg<odeIDSo 167 fane;! by yolnm-m Le»'* •»»• rtameged about SStO by w..v*r: 'oeawd fir 61.900 >'• < v Merchants' Icturance Company Samuel Rnerr.f. •»-«» and shoe dealer, rcccpacJ of No 181, susuned a^> »n »*' Jaasge by water. n«. uaurat.ee. rn> buil-Mi*" - owied by G. A tiili llnvare damaged abjn «7uc said t o b e insured.CONCERT F>R A M.-'T I-SSKKVINO < HARJTV —Tbe Society f •*t.VincentdePatii>•,wbwbbantoru*soleobjectin**J leviatioc o'stiflt'ticg among the poor and frietdlew. holds 't* fourth annual ttsthai at the City Af^mt)\f K>om». 446 Broadwat, cajrmer.clri? on Monday n»-irt, nod triune mgtillFrtdav Weirusttbat itwillbewell natr-ai*M by our citizens>nprni., t .,i i.— I'hiiiibiii. B-fore HOD Judge Le.**rlCLAIMS AUAINeT THE CITY KOK C0»I- IN THE .- Xti-R CA.-r>The People at the r*latum »f Jih* KiJy, .""Tf, "* Btibert T IIau», Comptroller —iDus k ec t^.r^w ' » tbe i&ertfl to recover from l b ' Comptroller bis f«*-« .' " service rf prort*« in the cs«*> eommecoea by th•• il *'• "t Exc-se SL'rt-ost liqi.or d**ie-s who have refui-jJ i IA*'out llciDft-n Tbe -ee* io th< 30 0t0siiU •• .mm-* <*of the massacre, of tbe mustering of the Conti-nental armies, of the desperate encounter on commercial influence w e g o straight to ourthe best legal judges. DKl'ARTTRB,G S S S l A Lthose w e have alreadynot pretend t o look intoto us that our next sensation may bo one of a ton fabrics, rum, Yankee notions, .fee; and iftempttoconcealthefact,astormisbrewiugagentstopreventthembeingmadethedupesPolitics.RICHMOND, Oct. 20, 1860. ployed by tb^ciSouthern breezes. The stock speculators are holding off, and will not operate, one a*iy orsingle proselyte.We trust that steps will be taken to removeto tee House from Fluvanna, by sixty four majority.;M• warncxtauotta Polities. BOSTON,Oct20,1860io pay tb* IKtiK to the Sler B"a ohjarvrt; bil . wai'.a was allowed at-l m»ue returnable oa Tuefcuay uet>Ttto t}o%mnmr Kleet o f t**OMylvauis. T<TI'KI''TfhOlTHKHKBALD.THEPOKTAJ-T DECISION.—There bas been a great deal of dispute and no small amount of litiga tion brought about by the actof Congress,ap- proved 1856, by which the provisions of the copyright law were further extended to dra-tounderstandthattheAmericanmiasiondrieu donotrepresenttheAmericanpeople,inas- much as titey are men of limit^t experience, little knowledge of the world, aud, though well meaning, fiercely bigoted. TMs expina- tion is especially due to the Armenian com-Railwayyesterdaymorning,twomileswwtofBlrrxrng-ham,betweenafreightandexpress train,bywhichMr.Sires. tbe mall agent; Mr.Nichols, theexpress aaSSSaa- demanded orreceived a dollar from me, Mtbei-a-"TM gerjand Wilkie, the fireman, were killed.DRAMATICCOPYRIGHTLAW—£\IMmatic authors and proprietUors of ptays, inI'>kfe, Maator Stone, aud an infant, all of whom were tjFire let Pvtilavrtripaia.Phli.»r>«.! Hn. l*:l. 20. ls«0.ntitledwhole or in part original. U has bean declared by Bohemian managers and peripateticFulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comexperienced? futurity, b u tW e d o it seemsthat capacity.M o v e m e n t s off S e n a t o r D o a g l a s . JamntsoN CITY. Oct 20, IBM.Judge Douglas' trip Irom St. Louts to Jefferson was aDocumentOCTOBERwas BO loosely drawn as to have BObindingforce, andquently befoie tbe courts, there has been no direct decision upon i t s merits until a shortalthoughquestionhas boonElsewherewillbefoundatranslationoftheEnglish Ambassador atConstantinople and the kupmotr.ed by a spirit of exaggerated religious enthu- far advanced in civilization to tolerate its re-iThetbe democratic ticket by having his name printed oa it There is BOfossdatloa for aucb a rumor, and tbe author of It, whoever be be. white evidently scaring la the desirewho are hereafter tempted to indulge in the for tbe decent MaoclaUaa be wishes to posh his shier lota, nullifies t b e attempt b y t h e untruth with which h e makesvery economical, though not very praiseworthy, practice of stealing the fruits of other people's mental labor, can no longer set up the plea that tbe law is worthless. Mr. Justice Spraguo is aU.We call upon t h e OomtiivUim t o correct t h e falsehood. In response the Constitution (Breckinridge or* gan) produces tbe following letter, the writerot which is endorsed aa a man of high charac- ter:—WASBWOTOV, Oat 18, I860. laux Pm— Your cote of today bas been received.In reply, Istate that whan Mr.Yaooey was <nroute for tbe Baltimore Convention he stopped to Waanmgtou and stayed with the Hon Ur. Pugh, of Alabama.In nom cany w th sir W Fteher, of Virginia, a delegate totbeConvebtion,IcalledtoseeMr Yancey Mr.Yaooey wasalonewhenwecalled.Mr.rnghsadColonelHuobard, of Virginia eubatqatnUy came ia.In thecoarse of theconversation it wasremarked that Mr. Dooftaa' atroaatn la the Convention eras much in creasedbytbenumberofSouhemmenwhoexpectedto be nominate! as Vice President on his ticket 11 reply to this remark, Mr Y aooey Informed u s that t h e Vice Presidency bad been tendered to h im If b e would unit* ta the Domination of Mr. Douglas He spoke of the proposi tion with scorn. While we were conversing on the sub-ject, Mr. George Headers, o f N e w Y ork, casta i a After some general con vernation about t b e prospects o f Douglas and of unltlnl, tbe party on him.Mr Sanders urged Mr. Yanceytoaccepttheofferthatbadbeenmade him,and, asaninducementtoacceptit,assuredMrFencey that Ltmglat auist die wUkin Sac m-mtkt after kit inauguration, and that then Mr. Yancey would have the whole matter inT h efreshmanagers.and the history, romance and poetry of our <oontryofferasplendidfieldtodramaticau-publicdemandplays,fraa Leaven wits tportion o fAllen counties,and wealth of t i e Territory.separate Convention, and recommended unanimously UM jeaWaSS of the hill which hasbeen recommended bytat Committee on Public Lands la tbe House of Bapresesta- tlves. Much feeling exists on the matter beta-em p*. tions of rival tosrns and localities.Violent Gale on Chesapeake Bay. BALTIMORS, Oct 20, ISM.The gale was very heavy last sight, aad was severely felt on tbehay. .rently consider that policy too advan- pended on Yancey; but as Yancey declined, ple is the field In which they are necessity for the death of Douglas. That songBALTIMORS O-t 30.1800. Wheat firm: red,SI SOa 01 40, white. Corn steady »ello«r, S6; a 70c Provi- sions quiet: mess pork, $10 26, prime, S14 SO Goftatsteadyst14J{c.aU^c. Whiskeydullat2fcaS2^'«.PrnxaoBuniA. Oct SO, 1860. Flour firm: sales l,rO0 bbls . at 00 a 00 1 2 * Wheal suady; red, 11 40 a I t 41, while, 11 46 a 11 60; taa lucky white, 81 80 Corn quiet at 71s Provisions quiet.Coffee Arm. Whiskey Meaty at She. a Sac.ALBANY, Oct SO.1108 Flour dull. Wheat-8,000 busbeb at 81 60 a fl 11 for white Michigan, and 81 10 for amber ktva Con dull, at 07Kc for Western mixed Oats i-t-ady, at 36 *e. for State. Barley—More dong; 82c aSS^c. lor Canada West, and 82c for Canada Bast and State: sales 20,000bu*liels Whiskey—Sales 400 bbls , a t i 3 ytcbin AUO,Oct.20,I860Flour dull aad onehanged. Wneat dull, heavy aad lower: ao sales yesterday afternoon; this morning 20,006 bushels No 1 Chicago spring on private terms Cora lower: sales 9 000 Hnehelg, at 6*c. a 6*>$c ; no sales of other grains. Wnnkey nominal at 21c aSt^e. Canalfreights excited: 66c for floor 20: for wb«»t, 18". for corn to New York. Imports—4,000 bbls fltar, 01,080 bushe s wheat and 1,000 do. barley. Exports— 100.0M bethels wneat, 28,000 do corn and14000ao oatsCwomaATi O a 19.1880 Flourdull;superfineat16a0610. Wbjsteyateadyat 18c. Pork—Mesa, Wettern, in fair demand at 817 76 a818. Money and exchange unchangedCitr Iatcllxaanee.FIBS IN TBS BOWBBT —Between three and four o'clockon Saturday morning a fire was discovered on the fifth floorof tbe building No 314Bowery, intbepreakws of J. W. Wiliard A Co., manufacturers of daguerreotype cases. Loss about 1800; \ insured for 1600 In the Haaul ton IuturaaoeCompary. rToe fourth floor is occupied by .1.B.Honatatn,manufaaiurei o'clotbirg; biasabout 81 600 on sewing machine* and stooB; luaured tor SAM on sewing n w i inea ant fixtures in the Williamsburg City, and 11 600 ->Lr.lntbtng in tb> Hanmt •«> Insurance Company. The third floor Is occupied by D«vid Rich, upholsterer; damage b y water about 8 4 0 , i o ioaur anoe. Tbe second floor Is occumed o> « Uyland.ua porter of licens; dama*e ah«<it 826 insured *ior 86 000 in Mechanics' anc Traders and Bro»kiy o ltm< rar ceComps mea Tbe store flour is occupied by l*r*. j it dutqaina. dealers in earp«d> <jamage t > nine* n. « * u . about 82M . insured for 00,000 In tbe Market and Si ivveaaot Io«ur anceOn.panlea TbeIvuldirt iaowoeu nvl'r.,ma«Wal- den it ta dam.ge4 about 8600. mrur^4' y)ia« ahgnt damage bywaterwasd.oetotbeeJUo-lcoiC.OUIIDSof Wof Ochn, No 36V»i. inrurei for *2 000 it the Kir*tewr Insurance Compai.} Tf.»* origin •>) t h e lire Is imtitoav at pna»nt It is t.nc er IDr* etigaiton b y tut- Fire MarsiaiFIRBINGBBENVicii STRBRT—shortly afw ciceo'clock 'est night a fire broke ^Lt :n t h e mtUmery show rooms of H ''. Meyer, «>ii toe s*c- LJ floor of No. 169 'jreenwiJH street At tbe t nie tbf ti-e was 1taoov»red tbe faav:y were sboct'retiring to M J ai a had soni-- <i fflenny n miking tbeir escape l b * tire ia auppoeed to hire <>rigi i.aied from thegas Ugfci slcfo-e the lliai't nere ''Hi e'.'t.bed t^e ent»re an-ond fl -or was ttornrd mil Tb- <U mage to Mr Meye-'a Rt-sk and furniture will atn'-u' t icTBI rtKinncT.the American Minister declared himself exempt The friends of the Union ticket In New York are In goodcan ; but wo cannot see why that circumstance Douglas is called Lincoln's hangman all over the South. TbewaytbeoldlinewhigsaregoingIntbeSouthiswas simply discharging a Christian duty. IfK. Elere, of Louisiana, two of tbe most eminent and the account that we have received be correct, thoreughgjing of tbe whig party, hare come oat forthat Mr. Bull got an idea or two upon that the officiating priest was the Armenian pastor Breckinridge .head.As the Great Eastern departs, much after theof the Protestant branch of that nationality. The Richmond Enquirer editor declares that not one American citizenship had, therefore, nothing to man in Virgin ia desires a dissolution of tbe Uniondo with the matter—the missionaries having Nobody cares now about side issues such as this sb n t Yancey having been offered the Vice Presidency by themade use of this pretext only to intimidate the Porte through our Minister—tbeir motive being evident in tbedemand which they are said to have forwarded to our government for a man-rated tities, followed b y the-shouts o f thousands Such are the facts as they have boon reported of the government of the Union Of course it will baof loyal provincials, this young Prince to us. W o trust that they have been exag- taken at easy rates for the Treacury and remunerative termsforallwhocontribute to or aredependent ontheto do for Cuba; and when w e desire to secureTheCommissioner of the General LandOtiioebasIn- Third. And with the debarkation at a port allow them to betray us into disputes which our structed tbe SurveyorGeneral of Kansas toso enlargeoften menaced by British arms, the eventful political system has made no provision for.the present Delaware Reserve ai to allow an allotment offourandahalftownshipstoeachIndianofthattribe, as was the Intention of the government in subjecting the original reserve to a limitation that Is to be extended indramaisbroughttoanappropriateclose.The question now is, after all this excitement, are we to have a little quiet, or is there another sensation following closely upon the heels ofWeareacommercialrepublic,andnotanintriguing despotism. Our diplomatic text bookis the ledger, and our primum mobile dollars direction of Strange river.and cents. Our interest in Turkey lies inRKC11T10N OP GBN. PABZ Ai MlM.sTBK FROM VRN17XKI A.General Paez to day presented his credentials as Minis- otherproducts,forwhichweexchangeourcot- terfrom Venezuela, andwasrcotlved bythePresident inher drugs and spices, her fruits, wool andStates.there ia every probability Uglt his tarty will Hence it neither comports with the spirit of ail along the road, and the eager multitudes assembled at succeed—thenweshallhaveaPreadentfor ourconstitutionnorwithourcommercialin- theprincipalstations would netlethimpass withoutToe rjin Of 86 COO n*i »'•••'.If Mr. Lincoln ehould be chonen—andof the East, as well as Christians like ourselves.continued oration H e w a s hailed with shouts of welcomespeaking.aDy rate, that is the ground already taken by differences ot other nationalities, and strict He Is now addressing a vast crowd in frost of tbe oapi-tol. Immense enthuaium prevails.\lrginlstthe North rather than for tbe whole Uiion. A t terests that w e should interfere in the religiousP AL8BHOOOYanceywasofferedtbeViesPresidentialnominationonthe were8*a8* teak, thetotal stockiaport aaaouatetANOTHERIt h a s been atateu m sooae quarters that U r . William Lfanaticdutuniuo 1st w a s neverinvitedt odisgraceago, withsomesuchchorusasthis:— And moat our Douglas die?AndshalloarDouglasdie'Then twice several hundred thousand men\Will knom the reason why.But Sanders explains the reason.It all de-OF THEAttorneyGeneral Black left thiscityto-dayforPenn-PHAKOIBB,Hiioeeote.Oct.13.1«*» My attention bas i«wt b*en c* led to a Pblatdelpn » .*t stantinople. This should be done promptly, low and Appleton for Congress, against Messrs Rise aad ter In the Bs.au, of tbe 8th -nata»t, which oopiei at extractfrom theBtmOu) Journal,ooargmgAndre**-astheBritishMinister,SirHenryLyttonBul-Bnrllngame.munitybeen led to form strange opinions of our the wagon. boasted liberality k. rtligieas matters fromthe conduct ot these wen. backed up. s s it l*a n dtheirPatriarch,w h oma*i haveFatal Itallway Collisions. DsTaorr, Oct20,1S80.( urtio, <Jov*mor oJec ot Pennsylvania. "** J*!^,!! (*v Pollock'sSecretaryofSUte,"demanded81,000ir-* eachofGov Foilock sStateaopotntees before « r ^provethat "politicspletelysubmerged b y t h e storm.The Wetland Canal Ob.traction. Post ComoRNi. Oct SO, 1091.NAILED.eight snathswas apwar is o' $13 000.000the Breotinridge, worth, OsagewlthdrtWiBg Bow/boa,delegatesDorueehau, Douglaa,s a dthose fromWyandotte, t w o thirds o fTbe Norfolk ateaser has arri redOwing to tbs sevenNowberze counties,amo«nt to abort $40 COObeen demanded or tbe Sheriff, It Ue*«!« b*?p :r •"" rated in his .,uarter y bill, ar.d allowed *y the ^••',rr7'- *ors. TbeJ.»mptro;'erhasfn«ntimetotim-ref-**« ' uay this li. m of the quart-rly bill, cootendiug that tu»county if not liable .ntil in* SXCISM Board shall !>•»« ibausted tbeir r»*med> -agaiusi tbe dtfen laats to th* » "*rtr , further, tha! •«< case tb< ceiendauts arefounj llTe»l) '*ble, tbe Sher'' hae 0" elai-u w toe Comptroller. ti>' M as*C/mmls-'Oiiorsbeing i!*bi<»,astheSher'ffwas-itStephen Miter, then Flour Inspector of i\blade £ * . actuallypaidtheoemamibeforebecouldsacure taooo mkMion.» IdesiretosaymatBoc*-.G_OartMJWJjJComrt-GemesralHoi man.Mocrri. (and Ro»»*r«an.nTB" ^MariSSoporlorBefore Cuff Justice Bosworth, and .listioat Woooru-, give Judge Leonard time to read the papers on thewhich cry aloud tor correction; and it wouldbewell toknow what institution* <ir» r «. ....i <nAJ. AVL*r- ft interM*f i! « / i* -M m U^^ arf**--Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street 