 W^-J "'^Untitled Document'•""-H."^**f*«»—g*aSoon, orber boats appeared gliding down the Backet, and one through the ouUetl which t fimuu after wardtions of human passion, as they arise in the usualrelations o f society. T b e writer h a s , perhaps, madsculars, from 100 000 to 75,000, which looks rather om "inous.: While on the contrary, McMillan's Magazine.cheeks; both of whom bnnly engaged themselves in snappng at the tnne^wkhout eaHching it, all the w*v *te°W^X*j%i**B>i bowetrer, stood a brawny,c^eck-ahirtedfellow,smellmgkwfuilyofwhiskywho witb *>*pertinacity worthy tp behold, clang tohis 9g, evidently without knowing the tune, audDIPLO- . BC»H. Editedbybia*Execntor* 8-vo.pp.535. J'.B.LNi#^<&Ri:iel^V"S. '•£'"• vfl.1S3Ksteepedasit.isiathemelloWcharmofthedeepening sunset.work. In spite ofmuch carping, notallofv,un- prompted b y ' 'private griefs," the N e w American Cyclo- p«dia has fairly won its way. to a large and increas- ing sale, end to the hearty appreciatioU of the reading public. • •!'•'. . H.o.NEME8I8. B y MAKION HAKT.AN». 12mo., pp. 499. Derby &. Jaokson.The events which are made the basis of this novel, although said to be taken from real life, have such a n intrinsic improbability, as to give a forced and artificial character to the whole narrative. With the inventive powers of the writer, it would not have been difficult toconstructaplotfrom-purelyimaginativesources whichshouldposseesnolees iatensity ofpassion, without presentiDg such a violent demand upon the credulity of the reader. Such 'inci fonts as here occurOrnithology, that will be greeted with eagerness b y ( the scientific men o f Europe a n d America. Though still a young man, Prof. Batrd, as head of the Depart- ment of Natural Science? a t t h e Smithsonian Institu- tion, bashad opportunit-eB of investigation afforded by the rich collection o f specimens acquired b y t h e Boundary a n d Pacific Railroad Surveys that have fallen to the lot o f f e w naturalists, a n d their results will all be embodied in his. forthcoming book, to be entitled, " T h e Birds o f North America, containing descriptions of all known 'species; chiefly from speci-. mens in the Museum of the Smithsonian Insitution,%*. f«It bad been for y^a«« kn<vwn tfcs* beosole, ; r: to a reducing action, and' oxidized, bewme an!!in«,ao4hymn, and ac if he wished to be spared the excrucia- Icopious journal of $be evsnte^uriblnh c^urm'1 during* whichWM so'largeiyshared by thanrevjouseditfons,NEW' P UBL10ATIONS.% tionoftheformermmic,openedonatunehimselfwitk tberesidence ofMr.Bush atPa«isas Unied States butBX^OU^UOWfriend.;hispiteoftheableandexcel- [j^t^'fa^^'mirerpoaeiat the conclusion of the service, the motley company have emanated the mote frequented hauntsof departed,.theDeacondrawingpaddled»w»^heRv;RMacfenin. N«w-York:.D.'Appletmit.Co. •Threeyearsba*enearly(lapsedsincethefirstvolumeof this Cyclopaedia was iesned, and two-thirds of the entire series are already given to tbe public. So far as the intellectual labor is concerned, scarcely more than a fourth now remains undone, so that the last volumegame,-l4overaof naturein1er granderand ruder foriiH^l-aodmany others, w 10 sated with 'b e e x - citements o f civilized life, saek for relief from t h e dafly niotwvtooy o f tbei* pro-suita b y a bold plange iniotbideptbaOfthe-diatant wilderness. Inwhich of theie categoriestheauthor >fthepresentvol-et,toward hisdestination, with a companion.atthe oars, vhile w e returned to camp. 'After dinner, I rowed myself in the atftrnoon jr^ow t^>». point on Birch Island, just ^elow tae Dtvil'd Pol- pit, to enjov the seclusion and quiet." Tbe L if- and Letters o f John Angel! James, includ- ing an unnnkhsd autobiography, fcdited by R. W. Dal«. M.A."- ;rea- eon. Black ie the color which ia worn with maave,and ladien walk down Broadway with entire confir dfoice in being all right in the ey«« of the world, witk black and mauve rosea i n their hate, and one ribbon o f purple and another' o f black fluttering io the air.v W « have not yet seen Perkins's purple on canvas, but oar portrait rainters will have t o put i t there, for a l l their lovely sitters will coine to them with thUbeautiful color on some part of their drewt. As the fortunate Perklna enjoy s a patent for his purple, h e muat alre«dy bar*le.c me a millionaire by the sale of hta b^aatifol dyei. —Itondel baa recently finished a landscape of Amon- can scenery which will entitle him to a distbguuhedposition among our landscape painters. It reprewots'i:a quiet Ntw-England scene; tho time, twilight;-a- clusier o f elms occupy the center o f t h e compoeitlm, and a herd o f cattle a r e gathering about the transU- cent watfer c^ihetside fringed pond. I t i« so mnchiaibe manner o f Innessv that those w h o a ' e fimiliar with' the productions of that aiMet,will suppoee it to be from his pencil. M r . Rondel iB a Frenchman b y birth, bu$ hislandscapesarefullofAmericanfeeling. Hehm resided some six years *in Boston, and has but re- cently removed to New-York, where he occ<iptec a studio i n Dodworth's Buildiog. Apropos o f D e d - wortb; w e learn tfyat be is building a new ha-1 on the corner'of Twenty-sixth street and Fifth avenue, near the. Worth monument.upoa tb* ground, and ©v th»m blankets of grey, eide,'and lay there, until a bullhead blundered- along,Euryjxan wo kBof its class, which aim to exhaust allknown BOUTC* B of ioformation with regard to the lofierfields of intellectual activity and conquest. N o suchexterdvd and profound espayB on Astronomy, Chemis-try, Light, Metaphysics, Mythology, Pnilosophy, andother recondite tbom.es, are in'ended to be gi«en in this 1858, at a cost.of $60 000, for .the exploration of the m^re critical results exhibited in works like those of lery, their cofet, &c. From this statement it appears wprk as in the Encyclopaedia Bdtannica Only such^crrmsooaidpurple- /On.hefronttent-pole,nang > nowder-flaaks and shot pouches: against a tail withered Sue, leahilsniigrod* a d r i W wail* one of its skele-vton Bmb* sustains t e re<t forkruayersof a de-r. * roma stick in » stump, dat*gles afcla*t«c of d«ad partridges, Hhetr chequered bu-s warm fa the *nn-glo v . One has MUlen. and-pointa with archttt neck and hanging «aogs,as if for attack, at a bJaofc aod w u e wood-*u;k, -whose red 1>U1 ia "P©» to graaj, 10 apr*ar*nca the ©ran** \*e of a binewiogft teal,tn*leg dr*wnup • aeemWy from dr. ad. A if»nUog beaa» gliders on a ni!e o f *rout b*twe*n a ori.ee o f fish-baske's and a score o f the same glotsy orW, et tr»g noon a birchen. twu? He care'eesly on the neighboring moss." Three hounds, white. "Ttfe tawny spota, are nosingMbon* cccseionally b-nd-ngon th-ir haunches «© scratch thrust forth again in my direction, thinking. I suppose, choir ears and litk 'heir pa*g, crouching to stare open what a queer thing that log WJ»S, when an involuntary wourbfd,thron^btheirfoej'egs.atthefireandsnap motiononmypartcausedhimtodisappearlathethe ulee. or enrling •himBeltea for a nap, to start np winking cf an eye.portant addition to our knowledge o f this continent.'It will include a full report of the two expedition* dis-patched by the Canadian Government in 1857 and and consequently "truer to antiquity itself " thao theacaia and rrsum- their roacoibge. ly,Around a crackling fir*, of piled logs, four men are .ba*ycookirg. 0n«.shortbtf-madCTil*r,inarelhunt-I then leaned back at t,he boat's atom, and g»zed into the noontide heavens. A s I viewed the over- whelming arch,springing 80magnific»ntlvfromthe horizon, robed in an azure BO nc.h.and tender, and gleaming with its silver clouds, I thought how littleundoubtedly true that the contents nf this Cyclop<7sdia are largely Biogiaphical, -and that Cote nporary Biog- raphyholdsa lendiigplaceinit. Butlethimwio seeks m^rtly inf irmation turn t o t h e words Jiigger-tory by the scientific corps; and. as a practical pho-tographer was one o f the staflf/the illustrations o f t h egrand andromantic pictureeque scenery, andoftheethnology of the native Indian t ibes, will be veryabundant. T h e work will probably appear this A utcmn(foimingtwovolumea,octavo},fropathehouseof thefirstbookeverprintedinGreenlandhasbeenMeetis. Longman. issued. Its title is Kaladlit Okalluktnaliallit, and it —Mr. H . G- Bohn haa neariy ready for publication a ia a collection of native legends in the language of the•&-. -I,'Alik« fans. . t • ] ,Tl^ fourth is a man about fifty, of brawny shape, lar records of personal experiences durihg thebronzed skin, an air- ever on tne alert, and-eyes.that,- tramp in the wilderness, and with the freshness ofgaatoic*'.anyobject.pTOt»u|d©ink<wnglances. Allthe fi«*g*rsof bis right ha d, except tie first, are expression and facility of narrative which are pos-'iiiid there wbat.they need—if in few words, so much the better; while such themes a3 London, Kansas, Kentucky, are treated with tbe terse fullness as will as frethness which leaves nothing to be desired. ''Tbe preciousartofNottoomuch,"isthemain requisite in such a work, where there is constant dan- ger that the few. leadiog'topics which are assigned to—An engraving h a s recently been published £country. The entire work was ^executed by natives. Brockbaus of L'ipeic of the momment designed bytwistexfintotb*palmandtjereisnosignofathumb, yetthelimbisalmostasreadya'itsneighbor.He wears a purplo chock shirt, with p-mtaloous and frit bat, both of an tartheu tint, and a woodknife sheathediaabeltofdeerskin.His acions correspond with the quickness of his l o o k s . - N o w b e t r i e s a p a i r <jf d n c k a , r o a s t i n g o n s t i c k s , like the pa/tridges; then sdrs a-layw of frying troun; ^ then hurries to a targe Indian cake, arching and darkening into a rich brown; next turns a tawny wheatpancake,thenstandsa>mom*nt wiih anns. a-ki&bo, gUncing round thesbreet and over the lake. On the stump, a hoy o f fidcteen i s dressing a string of'trout. ".A little removed from the nrs, is another g*oup; t v o sitting on c*tr>p-6to"l«, ca'orily stnoking, ooe standing and loading his rifl1*, one neling;Txfifii*a--"liae, an1onesessed byMr.Stieetinaneminent degree, theyretainnota littleof theflavorof theorigittalen-terprise. W e think the book would have beenimproved-byamoreliberaluseofthenarrative eminentwriters,andonwhichthey,arenaturallytherewasadisputeabouttheauthorship)"Historyof workofnatives,whoseemtohaveparticularaptness WoodEngraving." The.original edition wasoneof inthiskindoflabor. AveryinterestingportionoftheofLuther. Thetaleofthe.engravingwintendedt*' aid in raieing funds for tbe monument.•—John Rig^rf- ig as familiar a name to Americans as thatcfthemodernmartyr,'JohnBrown,andperbapamore s*>. A lineal descendant of the Smithfietd martyr,and who bears the name of his honored anceator,re-cently came"to this city from bis native.town of Siiein,in Massachusetts, t o practice his special talent i u a r t . Behadbeenamachioiot;but,asFultonabandonedartfor machinery, the descendant of the sturdy Puritan, « abandoned machinery for art, and, with his medel-ing stick' in band, came to this maelstrom-of human ac- tivities to ooen the world s oyster. And 'ho acted a s wisely asFultondidiuobeying hisstrongestinstinct. Mr. Bogers can hardly be called a sculptor, as he ha*poeitivism of science—to draw them clearly and irre- Here w e have a glowing] description o f a Sunday [ futably has been one of the laet achievements of ia the woods:. science. I t followed the grand discoveries in astronomy,.; " A LITERARY QUESTION" ANSWBREI>. To the Editor of The iV. Y. Tribune.beautiful ia t h e fancy that t h e day's sanctity in the Cbriatuui mind find» aympuhv in the visible universe— that, a t this time, Nature stills her throbbing pulsus, the *tree "wavea with more! tranquil grw*, the bird sings with softer tme, the jwater lapses'in a calmer ripple. Poets, whose hearts a r e filled with love o f Harare, have de'ighted so to depict tiis day, aod the thought spreads tranquilitvl iu tnru over the heart. AndthusdoessoultransfigureNature,andNature sanctifythesoul Whatioai»g««crowdthefancy,too, ia gazing upon Nature's grandeur or beauty! What serenejoysofthought,whatpure,sweet,loftysenti-menta are he*r effsonng!mmtably deficient i n historical diligence and literary iafonnvtion.f Thompson appeexs to have discovered a sort of manu-script commonplace-book containing a selection of poems, someof wbicb he imagired to be in the hand-writing of Marvell,' and per." The most timid of tradesmen, w h o would n o ttwo orthree black-bearded woodmen from the vicinity,inred-huntingshirtsand ci-aocheckcollars,waiting Music' were expected tofatliO'nitsmysteries..The for the protalsod service. Tne two boat» in which plan here introduced requires no such condition. Itsiioyr, " These lines, naked of ornament and simple as they are, book. struck my fancy; and bringing fresh into m y mind an unhappy adventure much talked of formerly, gave birth to the followingthey had arrived were placed upon tbe bank, bottom aim is»o give every sound a definite position which can upward, under the birch tree, near tbe water's edge,' ne readily distinguished and measured by. theJEye.po-sonages i n the story inspire t h e profound interestthat is felt in the simple recital of events which evi- copies issued has sunk, according td the statement of po*m.". The ballad was first published in Aaron Hill's Plain- HARV ARD COLLEGE—THE FOOTBALL BURIEO is dentlyhavetheir.rootinthemoreprobablemanifesta- thepublishers themselves,in theiradvertisement cir- Dealer,July24,1724. '•-''• THE DELTA.—Yesterdaywis thefi'StMondayofthei - andformedseats.Withi-saidthofewhoare notendowod.witha1keen sense for discriminating the tones in Music can become roasters of the science; while the moreg'fte^ can:read- ily survey the whole eubjeot, and bring within definiteWi.h regard tothe noble Addisonian Hymn, whose first line, collegiate yeai>—the day set apart by custom tor the* " The tpacioun firmament on high." football match between the Sophomoresaod Freshmen,if incorrectly quoted both by Taylor and " H. L. H," nobody but a contest in which the Freshmf n have boen in the habitThe first then opened upon tbe air in a thick bass, a smpres. A t their head marched a drum-major, arrayed, PrancesMacready,thedaughterofthefamous trage- intheimporters'andjobbers'storeshadbeensuddenly- inalltherequisitepomp andcircumssanoe; thentwo acted upon by the same atmospheric agencies that bass drummers;, then the elegiot, wearing bis Oxfordthough therugged toneswe-e toobigforhisthroat, equaltothat oflawormedicine—one ofyears, in aand, as one ofthe guides satd afterward, "a-kinder word. But that, apart, w e think Mr. Tii'man hasscraped as they com« up."The air was carried by the Wife, whose shrill tones condensed much excellent matter in his Treatise*, aadseemed momentarily threatening to sharpen into the tbe very curious, iogenwns, and clear " Revolving"'termagant pitch of home, Injfact, she appeared angry Musical Scale" on the fifth or last page, renders cleardian, will mate her debut in the literary world, ii en- and hia gown; next four spade1-bearing "digs," fol-cordant blot* of sound. All Ithese gave up after a while, wuhtheexcepion of a wirv-Iocltiog chap, eager in hi* expression as thoojgh ready at any time toWe think the comprehensive treatise would be a goodthingfor schools, andreaders generally. Itisbefore thedecease ofProcessorOlmsted,the present, editor 'had prepared, at his iequ£?t> a series of correc- tionsand.suggestions,intendedtobeuseu^ tbeauthor in a forthcoming new edi>ion of the work." Tli9B&2r®—ADeweditionofKugler'a"Hand-Book of Pabat- ii»g: The German, Flemish, and.Dutoh" Schools," is juBtissuedbyMr.Murray,,orratheranewwork under the old ti:le, as it is " enlarged, and in great partchange which may be seen in the vegetable king- dom. Every one whois'not so unfortunate asto be afflicted .with color blindness, must hare been mado conBoiousoftheincomingofanewtint,thiaseason,in the world o f fashion. A color o f peculiar brilliancymuathavebeennoticedintheshow-windows ofmil- linerB anddry-goods dealers, fluttering from ladies'circled with mournful crape.Tbegloomy,processionpassedon. Underthe shadeof the elms >nat form the upper " bounds" it halted; acircle was formed, and the coffin was1 borne round, toallowtbefriendsofthedeardepartingtotakealast,fond look; t h e spade-oearers phed t h e instruments o ftbeir vocation'; and then the elogist, by the light ofadim torch*read a farewell address,recountingthejump out of his skin, and a oouncing girl, whose dot. much in little space. ofanoseperkedupfrombotweentworedworstedprincipal!. - . ' .;TWI»ARY OF OKNKRAL KfOvrxxDOit: Edited by GBOHOHRIPLHT and CHARi.Ea A DANA. VolonwiX. Jerusalem— in every w a y qualified to do justice to his.characterTfce *ame aithority gaya that the proper complimen- .: tary color to mauve is* greenieh yellow, but fubtaiIf»stonedmyboattoalog,andiotheidlenessofthe maybeconfidentlyexpectedinthe earlypartof1862. moment noted t h e slight effects around m e . B y thewater'sedgewas a pile Ofrocksshapedlikeacrom» lech,and nearitanoakwithacrescent oflight clip- fing its shadowed stem, like the gold<n knife of aThoee whoremember-as fewwhowere then in businesscanforget-tbegeneralparalysisoftrade,the prevalence of bankruptcy and mercantile digress, thesportirg world^ Several details are given with regard to tbe remarkable brothers of Mr. Porer, and some of his prominent contemporaries in the same walk of life, which cannot fail to attract attention from a large circle of readers.t f-,; •-+BOOKS RECEIVEO.Tales of a Traveler. B y OobrTrby Crayon, Gont. A»thor'a R e - vised Edition. ]2tno. pp. ATX. Geo. P . Putnam. v' L e c t u r e s d e M v e r e d b e f o r e t b e 7 o n n g M e n ' s C h r i i » t i a n A s s o c i a t i n , in Exeter Fall, Lo»don, from Nov. 1«59, to F e b . 1860. 12mo pp. 464 Robert Carter k. Br tbers. ••*'.•Tbe StoiiPs of Venice. B y John RiiBldn. 8 vols. 12mo. John Wilev.newspaper, for a public library at Melbourne in Aus- tralia, but wbhout success. The fact is au iostaoce of the rising importance of tbe things that, at the moment, seem only of trivial value, scarcely worth preser «ing, hut which t o succeeding .generations afford the most authentic sources of kno -le^ge conceruiog the " form aid pressure" of their time. The Bri.i*b Museum now collects a n d preserves everytbin<?r and the Bodleian Library, which" (after much deliberation, and in tbe e x e r c i e e o f a j u d g m e n t n o d o u b t c n * i d e r e d s o u o d >*t the time) was expreeslv debarred by its founder from admitting t h e vain and trivial light literature o f t h e date of ite formation, is now glad to purcbaee-the six- penny and ebilling plays and pamphleis of that day at price* from £50 to £150 each.uxne.iajtoberanked,weareunabletodecide;butit is evrdeot from its animated and often pictur- )rnid severing the sacred mistletoe for the rites of bia almost total cessation of book-bnying ano the gloomyesque jUges that h e h*s earned with him a n ardent ancient and mysterious fai'b.• In.theforesttherewasaflittingof lifrhtand shide,love of] nature, the hraxt amd eye of a poet, and a and a tremble of branches in the low wind, with an genuine taste for wild and stirring adventure/ occasional glance of a bird through the fretted vaults.We fink.a* illustration of all these qualities in the A pool lay near, sheltered by a stoopicg birch, and a small rapid.?ery openiogpawage of his book. In its air-like depth, wasa trout,moving around restlessly, seer ting a lily Btem; ponderiog over a Sunatt at the foot of the TJp|>er Saranac ! A golden mofsy rock; darting toward the surf*ce; steadyingspprebensionsfor»hefuture,whichmarkedthe Winter of 1857-8. in wbich tbe firstvolume was issue1, can justly estimate the courage and repources requisite to perseverance in such an enterprise, involving a pre^nt andcertainoutlayoftensoftbousaodsofdollais tobe regained if at all, only after the expiration of years, iu the sale of a work which but afracMOnof tbe public can be expected to appreciate, and but a fraction of this ffac- tion can afford to buy. Yet the firet volarae was issued in the very crisis of "the Panic." and the enterprise has been steadily a n d energetically prosecuted ever since, until the editors and publishers may now be fairly congratuhved on t^eir ability to see to the endlight kindles a little clearing upon the southern border of "the jgHttexiog l»ke: o n e *Weep o f dark green wil- detaeeS covers the remiioder >fthe scene.A l o g huv stands in the fopgrour d o f the clearing. Behind! on &gentle alope^lfei a p«*chof rye and buck- wbeatTtbexye scarce hiding «he charred stumps with- in i*, aid the eilve* bloeeoro of the buckwheat lending hw»iht bontrsst. to the coal-black s-dU :thhrself by the occasional flatter of his fins; staringwi'h huge eyes all about; waving his tail, like a deer grazing, and working his mouth as if chewing a end. By and by, a miller came close to the g'aa? of the surface, quivering with ada.irAti«n at the image of his sUver coaC His spasm of self-love was short, for -the tronWlurking in the ambush of aatone hke a bandit in bis cave, darted forth, gave a nip, and the Incfcleaa.Memoirs of Mrs. Aon E a s t By her Husband Rev. John A. M. IBmo. p p 270. Robert Carter i t Brothers.East,Beyond, gleams a broad wMte sp*ce cf calcined miUervaniebed. ., . . • ' v of tb«irarduousundertaking.landlo- d WVo wr payine'-i jfoglitig"Thein Ne*M miles :? ward N« and theAnd Os< makes a regula;-c pedaliA for Oeca than •.' ]dy fu»iis h^ge nra pnsseaand the Welltak<Tbeetr •elft.vab-d- bisdc^S er«, and astoundarenotf and nolo «iter fo' mated, bny^r$i One anii byhieo^ era wei BOcal a food*oi* i » t h e periesee^ soon ai bers,.early • ioese in when tt nonrt i>e> of a ems mnfriei<3 then brosifttingof choose to is the stajneai wearth, wi'h dark logs strewio %i t e *ery where. Dead andKvmetr»es ttaod harre Sand there mocdily apirt. Aroogb zigzag track.lead* Up tha elope, and is lodt in the olose woods of the backg'joand.Down by th* watoraide t wo tents. The iSrg-r is open i n front, di*pl»ying..a layer o f hemlock bought<••.-•;.' Much criticism has been squandered upon thie-Ency-andturn*doneofhiphornsonhim,whenthesunfish wbiek*d himself away. 'At ibis juncture there was a plump, and then a sud- den darkening of tbe crystal inclosure. through which I saw tbe dim shape of a muskrat, who scampered scrofs ibe bottom/and then rose by a 8*"dge on a dotof gr»s8T wixh i t s flag half-way up ite s'aff.than b e h a s lat-ly received among scholars, a s , a t least, the preserver of the ancient hi»torical traditions,—An account has just been published in London, in conformity with a resolution of Parliament, giving a list of all the pictures belor giog to the National Gal-Firet, bis ratehip palled the stem of a yellow lihr asif to ring the bell; then he nibbled tbe gold of theblof»«om; th^nhe skimmed to the edge of. the bank,with tw o furrows liko a. w*dge pencilled .from hisshoulders, and cut w i h his needle tee'h the barb.of an • readily and certainly obtained. Tois leaves a large arrowhead, and towed it in his mouth to.hw burrow,wh* re he vanished. I n a moment, however , his blunt,•wbitkered face and glittering specks of eyes werecompanion. 1item "for inert aeing the accommodations for paiafiugleg ohirt, watches-the roMiogof a noble haunch ofTrecisoo: another, tall and la.,k, ia a shirt of blue, isfrrrag trout in a bohbacdledjeaucepin. while a third, appreciated, comparatively, is this most wonderful, nauty Junius, Karens, Koran, Kremlin, Labarum,America,'prepared by the Government, in 1806-8. but opposed a t great length, and with much force o f argu- mentandInovtledgeoftheeubjpct,bytheDuke.One^of the piciures pur clased by Sir Charles E«»k-t lake) a t a,large price, and supposed to b e a portrait" of Taeso by Titian, is said to have been n*-iiher paiated by Ti'ian, nor meant to be a portrait of Taaso. Bat the most valoable paintings iu the National Gallery areth'setliathavebeen,donatedtothenation;of these 239 were presented and 240 bequeathed.withahar«»-Hpandioacoarewblueo*>eok,ia"toaet- beautifulfandmajeeticofalltheCreator'shandiwork.- Lace, Lamaisn, Levant, Lime, Liturgy, •Littorale, h>g»" oa forked sticks, a bracte of partridges spread out The contents of the volume are made up of simi- Lloyd's, & c , in this volume, and eee if they do not—Dprir'gtbe past year a smalltprinting-office• and a lithographic p^ess have been s e t up i n Godthaab, ands t y l e , w i t h f e w e r o f t h e ' i a t e r m i n a b l e y a r n s o f t h e old trappers, which, it must be owned, grow some- what tedious to readers without the piquant ac- companiments of thescene. Tbe sentimental fl ghts, too, in which Mr.»Stre*t indulges rather immoderately, would find a wider range of sympa- thy if considerably toned down.anxious t o display their thoroughness o f information wi^be pennit'ed to dwarf many and exclade more^of the thoupar.d minor subjects whereon the average reader will often need a bint, and which, if not treated here,hecannot,asinthecaseoftheformerclas3, readily find elucidated elsewhere. T h e Editors o f . tbe American Cyclopaedia have wisely and thought- fully avoided tbe danger of making their work less ueefnl and complete while rendering it more acceptablepart. '••.'.' '.".', . . -— A n e w p o l i t i c a l p a m p h l e t , p u b l i " b e d i n P a r i s , u n d e rtheory about tbe waves of sound or light, which w e commend to t e ingenious and learned, and those who could study the mysteries of creation.' But with that we shall not meddle at present, merely dealing with his work or chart in its practical relations to ^ueic. I t is-BCience sans phrases—without palaver; every thing islaconicandclearwithaltothelastdegree. Infour pagesofhischart(boundforuseasabookandvery nicelyprinted)under40headsorparagraphshetreats of sound i n i t s generic qualities and i t s musical rela-which he has nearly completed, o f exquisite beauty and tenderness of feeling, whicn be calls the " Fairy's Wbis-." A comprehersion of the Laws of Sound, and their application to the art of Music heretofore h«s depend-' ed mainly on the power o f the learned to. distinguishwere, that " William and Margaret" was suggested by the old ing, and one by Eastman Johnson, to illu>»trate Whit- —The circulation of The Cornhill Magazine is. care- ballad of '' Fair Margaret and Sweet William," published In tier s Barefoot Boy. This is the first appejsiranooo£fully wa.tched by its fellows as a n exponent that will, Percy's collection. Mallet himself acknowledges this. H e either o f these distinguished artists a s contributor t o aif successful, ex«rt a great influence on the whole system df periodical publica ion in England. Tbe number oflanguage,originalortrantlated. Thestudy isaboutingcolors,asthoughalltheatuffsthathavebeenlyingwith tbe tune, from tbe beginning, and no wonier.for the circle of associated keys? by it,in an instant,all emt? ht profeseor of natural .philosophy in.Yale Cal-in -alluBioti to the religious sentiment pervadingthe idges of our forests. During the past ten days, with full ranks. Th«-y indeed looked poverty strickon.though the Jj$ann weather still continues, the Tb<?ir hats, extremely narrow of rim.bore the figuresMicrawledoverthewordsfikeiamudturtieoveretonea.The two had the air mau.ly to themselves, portions the flats and sharps are mechanically rendered plain,of the congregation occasiooaljy breaking in with dis- and the theory of transpoeition evident to ,the eye.lege,isheJ©issuedinanewandrevisededition,under poems. It is dedicated to herfather./One halfis '63uponthefront; their apparel waseuoh as they1 16 occupied by a poem entitled "The Passion Flower;'' change of 'wlor in the dresses Jwhich m ay would not scruple to expose tq the dangers of a foot-clorsedia to prove it what it never intended to ber-a—The "Narrative ofthe Canadian Exploring Expe-gant library published i nedition o f London" Plutarch's a series o fLives," these. has M e -scope for information on current topics and term*reeHoinp 00 hisel"x>w.wit bisshoulderagainstthe A TREATTS^ OK MUSICAL SOUNTtg. ANDANEX- andsatisfactorytothe favored cnbivatod few whose lege,Cambridge,iu1voL,royal 8vo.*,withplates, is noplebecomeafreeci*.ylikeHamburgorBremen.AU'pine*tr»e>gazinguponthe ne.Boats a r e rrwtbg th»-ir o «r» on the brown eaudymargin, with their aternR ht ried in white water-lilie<; • a heap o f de«d prone heuilocks i s o u the left, balf- drowned i i th» rtt«by water; aod a couple of white cedars point hor'zontal y at the right of tie sc«ne, iheirPLANATION OF THE TONOMETER. By S. D. TILU- XAX, New-1 ork. Hoffman &. Pennal, No. 7 Spruce rtroet.Matter, light, sound, the soul: —These are the com- parisons o f the visible and invisible portions of. nature —the last being tbe highest and the moat subde. This side of the study of phsycholgy that of sound whichfiat is presumed to make ormar the fortme of books, -the title of a volume nearly ready for publication. this because the " sick man " is beyond cure. Thisand who will Daturally judge it rather by its more or Another work announced, interesting to lovers of the last truth, recognized now by all, has been asserted by not yet, w e believe sctfiptured anything, bat hajagged Hmbe resting on thej botcam o f th*» shal'oT, soas to lift their stiff, bristling folinge a late from the .cannot be felt or seen, only heard, is the most ab- commands attention by itself, yet any of which, if8yo., illustrated with engravings on wood.Guro^eki. Neither tbe French pamphleteer nor any E u r o p e a n d i p l o m a t t h e r e f o r e c a n c l a i m t h e p r i o r i t y o fgenius, both in his thought* and hia methods. Three of f h i s s m a l l g r o u p s w e r e e x h i b i t e d a t t h e l a s t e x h i b i t i o nof tbe National Academy, and-one.of them, the Slave..Auction, has been already noticed in the columns o f THX TKXBVNX. H e has been able to'aell but very few^'•-; fevti.jtf - b u t i niadolge< Sonic, ei are alio4 they arc quartersJjareansupervis /fed agaii and f rg Tbe ttlodgirn?, aacurea a n arisi being a)andcbo New-Je withat Politica North a .^perfect;:thereht « North Hamlin sudden jIt mui foidVathas pio^jMr.S iivider.b; yebor",h< educatic -whelp rindcrt'ires ajj"eihand,ax 'of \ri*d< earn bis honbrabs a r f « o e . r tThe whole picture is s ft and rich, as well as wild,The next day was the -Sabbath. The sky was robed by hundreds of years, because it w a s higher in thein bright brae and gold, withl a n embroidery o f pearl. range o f difficult analysis and synthesis. Mr. TillmanThe lake w a s breathless. Not a lsaf fluttered in the is a most ingenious and worthy worker iu this -intangi-fbre*t. A s I viewed the scene's repose, I tbongH how ble, invisible and simply sonorous field. H e ^as his— P r o f . S p e n c e r P . B a i r d o f W a s h i n g t o n , i s a b o u t t ov issue a general Bystematic w o k on American plan of a Danubian Confederacy.s t r u e e a n d w o n d e r f u l —t o d r a w a n a l o g i e s b e t w e e n t b e o m i t t e d , w o u l d b e v a i n l y s o u g h t I b y m a n y i n q u i r e r s , extacies of musical loves and appreciations and the and would mar by its absence the completeness of thelees thorough treatment o f a few great themes than by its careful and pains-taking illustration often thous- and little ones, none of which makes anyfigureorfine arts, is " Lectures on the History ofthe Fine and THK TRIBUNE against all ever since 1854. The plau models with extraordinary ekilL, ficility, and Ornamental Arts," by Wm. B.Scott, Master of the of a Danubiau Confederacy was detai'ed about eight power, putting his conceptions into plastic forms with Government School of Design, at Newcastle, in 1 vol., months sgo in T H E TRIBUNE, over the signature of wonderful ingenuity, and manifesting anmiotakalrispp. 466. Celling it. Brother. . •>•'.:•The well-known standard text book by the liteetitle is used (according to the short prefatory notice)the maples, the beeches, the oaks, and pepper- upon their shouldeis, and then the Sophomore class^^mmgreatpower,iflittletne'ody,elevatingbischinatthenigh notes, and dipping it into thepoolof.his loose Ministerin1847-1848,describing:the French Revolu- lentrot knowing the air. and the w t restrained by reepect and an accomplished, gentleman, the volume leaves a ilUmo. pp. 278. .D. Appletott &Co. . ' booH b e mentions that be bad Jong ago completed his ^ ^ . ^ ^ t ia a Bquid. purple, ntriSfo iraospv- fcithfn a *ewyears, the great forest regionin fromtrying,asatfix«t,toca»chitonthewing.^STREETS WOODS'AND WATERS. -WO0D8 AW>WATERS;OK. TIKI SARAHAC* AVT>RACKST. ?>Atra»»Bsixm.llmo.pp.311M.Dsoladj.th brawrttof m^'^wWi^^^^t^ *''^i'Geerge':BortQ'srra].trwa1a^dn' of thesame ballaV testoffcepresence.;-.U «o<ocMrPe'kioe thxm aux- fromever s+eir>grthe,light; In oneof tli**anthor-'s ins years, however, before rcpi^a^ed oxidfz&MrSeriy portion o f Ne« -Y«»rk baa be some &report for the mor«i adventurous cl-wa oftonrista,--invalids it pursuit o f health b y rf robust athletic exercise,—sportsmen who' The sermon was a repetition o the ideas in, the prayer, spread thin, the worthy plainly consi'ierinK himself on the most intimate term»t with th»> Deity, HI.d dealing out life and death with the air of avery favorable impression; b u t it: gives n o decidedThe numerous host o f friends ^ith whom (be late William T . Porter was the subject of such^uthu«iastic aitacbment, will welcome this memoir from the pen ofversion o f tbeKairipeviser, which was only waiting for- apu lisher.eptnxrtncbuacciewdind'irUeei'nlyalocorhionld.,ireicttlyis fprao^mnt<haendclheavsertohbiet- ' vet,tor. I t OCQ be deepened with PruMinu blae to var tint), but only a t t h e expenee o f ite valuable propert*-of permaujence." - r r ^'•-•?wbit^oravatatthelower,Hkeadu<*kdrinking. J. ••" tionofthatcate, andis immediate antecedents. Of studytowbiolvi^^rdted.: ''•.•.••>•'.•••'-.!•'.• ..., • .- --"•": " - " •: ( , - % -.:fromever seeing the liftbti In oneor tu«*MMWU. •«»«• y««", now«vwr, n ^ >vi«»^ vxinrn'MagHewasaloneinhiemusic,theoldoodplejproSablr tiecharacterofMr.Rash,asadiscreetdiplomatist TTFEOFWILLIAMTPORTER ByFKAWCWBEiirtat. £T iT?LZ••Lr!t*fi i, ^„~ JLftWAHh?« "^f,Tk^dtbeirBp»Us,a©dMauveflawednpOnhn(P4--fvindications of marked intellectual ability, 'j:THE » E W AMERICAN CYCLOPJEDIA: A PorutA* Dic- one, who> from family ties and personal sympathy, w a s'•;•/—T^e religionswi-h one or tw o imrerfrct biogrUobies of the Rev.John Angeil James, will take great interest in the au-nouncement pf.the autboritaive mem<irabou!i to bepublifihed by Vesers.NesMt & Co,undertbettle, hasdecidedoth*rwifie,and,^etbiuk,with goodThen came a ehiner that sent a silver flash throughall the pool. Now he poised hims«lf. bead downward,as if to lunge through the 002H; then str>od on his tailard gaped A t last, he turned himself m'oa wheel rival to the two or tbr«"e far more elaborate and cpa'ly ditions," the preparation of wbich is entrusted to Prof moirs, selected to illustrate "Greek History from aid iryrated away. H e was succeeded by a gleam ofcold caft b y a sunfish th*t flittened himsHf Onhisthe superintend " .of the professor of mathematicsand natural philo«>pby in Yale College. Some time the others are shorter, on a variety of subjects.he seen in Broadway is as marked as the ball match; andeach man's left walking beam wa«en-OCCASIONAL PRODUCTIONS-POLITICAL,MATIC, AND MISCELLANEOUS. By th» late RICHARD now embodied in the volume before us, together with rewritten, by Dr. Waagen," whose knowledge Of tbe>^.Lippiiicott6cCo.Duringthelatteryearsofhislife, the distinguishedsuchadditions asseemed desirable,after acarefulre-verse (toreK more to come), when mt preacher, (or accumulated during his long career of public service. time; in a few instances, a diflcusaioh of the subject living painters not comingwithin the scope of.the book cated in France, and occasional glimpBea were had of pine, with the inscription:'•Deacon'*), probably and mturallyf supposing the Witely destroying the greater portion of this miscel- has been presented, in a new form, involving the pro- —The Saturday Review has, by the help of Han it in Broadway. But now an eruption of it. like a tone bid/sir to last the time of service out, broke iu laneous collection, he left a certain part of his manu- cesses ofthe differential and integral calculus; and Christian Andersen, discovered the existence Of u& scarlet fever, has broken out on this side of the At- aponitwiththeinvita/iontoprayer,leavingthesing- scriptstothediscretionofhisexecutors,who,inpur- severalmiscellaneousproblemshavebeengivenasex- collectionofancientScandinavianballads,knownto lantic.TheFrenchcallthisnewtintmauve, fromitserstoolose theirmouths as quick astheycould over suanceoltheirtrust?havepreservedinthisposthumous ercisesinthepracticalapplicationofmechanical prin- -everyDaneunderthegeneraltitleof'Kampeviser,'" T*semblancetothemarsh mallow, which it doesnot their half strangled notes.!••«•••*•••• »•••«••'•• Thb prayer was a compound of tierce joy at the cer- volume such as appeared best adapted to meet the pub- ciples. Still, by a rigid system of condensation, the and iaeks, "Are there no Danish scholars who would much resemble, its nearest vegetable relative, 'in point ,t||«4M4««ti ••••«••••••••••tainty of so great a portion of the human race being lic eye. Among them are several "papers which are jedue ion of the size of the simpler wood cute, and the confer a benefit on lovers of ancient song by giving a of colorj being a boiled beet; but the truensmoof When the last spadefull of grayel was thrown upondoomed t o destruction, with the exception o f " the e l e c t " and aseli-hnggiog eom^lacency that t h e said eieoCy o f which h e piataly intimated h e was one, were to be the inheritors of so certaL. a happiness.emission of certain irrelevant details, the size of thethe grave, a dirge was sung, to the tuue of Auld translation to the world?''- Curiously enough, the it is Perkins's Purple^ so called after the English Lane Svne;" and then cheers were given for theoAt the conclusion of the prayer; he gave out anotherner.^ The most important feature of the volume is aM M .from the originals, with Notes and Introduction,'by R .ccuit cf the discovery of thiB beautiful tiut, says:beating forth a livelier measure. A n d s o tbe footbamPoems of George. P . Mordu, with a Me/noir of the Author. 18mo. . pp. 366. Charles SnribDerv; »WilkinB'sWylder; or, The Succeesful .Man. By 8tophen F . Miller,l^rnopp.420.J.B.LippincottfcCo.LITERARY., —Mr.scholar,,Editor of Messrs. Litte- & Brown's late ele-;;' - v ;'^^^^S^^^M^tSM.a«^world, whichandcareer. Hehaspresentedahinterestingdescrip-tionofthepleasantscenes,in whichtheearlydaysofPorter were passed, the transition from the pe*cefalvalley of tbe Connect'cut in Vermont to the bustle andexcit* ments of New-Y ork city, and the* successive stopsby which he created an American sporting literature, cft*red in Lond<nfor a complete set of TKe Times and became hiaujelfa high authority in the AmericanH. Youle Hind, who fills the chair of Chemistry and Tbemietocles to Alexander." M r . Clough claims for Geology at Trinity College, Toronto, will be an im- his favorite author a high6r degree of consideration v.southern part of Rupert's Land, or the basin of Lake/Winnipeg, including the country within,the newcrowncolonyofRedRiver,as wellastheregion dent'sHistorieB,"to'which,itformsanappropriate civilspproprittionepaesedbyParliamentthereiaan tiaversedby the proposed overland route fr )m Canadato British Columbia. Much of this large „area hasnever before been, described, or, iodeed, visited bywhite men, un.til crowed by these expeditions, the sec- day, are more appirent on the publication of e w y lery. Ttcre'bave been purchased for the Nationalwhich every one fbould understand, yet with regard to ond of which was under the command of Prof. Hiod, new volume of the never-ending series of his Dis- .Gallery, sibce its foundation in 1825,, 273 painting*,some ore of vchich almost any one may be at fault, .andis known as.the Assiniboio and Saskatchewan patches. The last one iseued (the 6tb) contains varysurvey of any great department of human knowledge ia given in thi« work as may bo compressed within a few pages, and h e who would st.udy farther is referred to'be works wherein what he seeks maybe mostGrote and Tbirlwall. The volume U elegantly got up, with iUus»rationB, in the style of Mr. Murray's " Stu-that the Gallery possesses a good many more patutings than it has joom to exhibit, and we observe that ia the'and which it is roost convenient to have an" authorityat hand that will reaoilyand surely elucidate. It i? physical geography, geology, and climate of the terri- quest of Mexico and the Spanish Provinces in South Correggio'e pwinting of Mercury inutractiug Cupid.Expedition. Particularattentionwaspaidtothe interestingdetailsrespecticganexpeditionforthecon-einglepicture'being*£11.500, which waspaidforPrice$20.PublishedbyJ.B.Lippincott&, Co., diuthenticityIsdoubtedin'TheBrienda'(17TB)5andplagiarism .eight. r .' ' . sufficient to overthrow all MB pre-emptive evidence." Tbe facts—Thevolume,of po#rhsbywhicbMiss Catharinemonuments' Ofthese schoolsofartismore extensivethan that of anyotherconnojeseur., Theworkem-•author ofthis volume devoted a considerable portion of itate of scientific progress. The topics Of" Acoustics ' braces the period from the earliest rise, of art to 1810, chiefs, and now and then tied in very narrow strips from tire circle of etuden's came tears, and chokingvisionofthework,inorder toadapt ittothepresent 1virtuesofthe lostone,andlamentinghisuntimelywd~ bonnets, spotting their dresses, edging their handker- Tbe voice of the orator trembled with emotion, and«d out his muddled tones in the modest manner his time'to the revision of the extensive correspondence, and '*Optics" have been greatly enlarged; a section on which is assumed as the limit of " the second develop-, #arouxd the throats of dressy young men. Last year fighs,and heart-rending groans, and painful sobe andcarrying havoc a s he went. ^ • . ' gnevou* lameiitationa. The coffin wa»*theu consigned The performers had openedtheir lips/or the seventh and the political and Splomatie papers which had •"'Electro Magnetism" has been introduced"for the first ment of the Teutonic feeling for art," an account o thiB lovely hue raged in England, and was.domesti to the grave, and at its head was placed a stone,ofvaluable as illustrations of American and Europeanhistory, and others, which record the personal andsocial reminiscences ofthe writer in an agreeable man- ished. In its present form, w e cannot doubt that it inquired for—" Ancient Danish Ballads, translated far. A n English periodical, lnat year, in giving an ac- formed again, and marched from the field, the drumvolume, instead of being increased, has been dimin- will not only retain the favor of intelligent teuchere,same number contains the announcement of the work cr.emist, who first succeeded in' extracting it from ooal variSnsclasses, andfortheirgraduates; th«proceeslontopoeticelIltera«reii*1*''M'tebe' thatadirty,fngitiWpurolei*pe4i'*d iath*i o»nr»«f feared *>>atthe^appearracs^bf.'bia;wwfc^wll^-^pwre'trt *'thetracsmntaUftneci this aniline,andwas,iadeed,a—One thousand pounds sterling has' recently beenArthur formerlyClcugh,, .an settled i naccomplished America,'English a n d t h eh a s beendissatisfied—The immense labors of the Duke of Wellington, and sculpture in the National Gallery" of $15,000,who certainly was the moet volurnTnou8 writer ofhisbtbide $2,000 f.-r the Britieh, Historical Portrait Gal-b y ingly scarce, known as Jackson's (or Cbatto's, for The book is illoetrated with ten woid-cuts, also the Rietschell, which the Germans intend to erect in honornew edition of tbe beautiful work no w grown exeeed-Charles Knight's publications; and has always been in.demandfromthenumberandbeautyofitsillustratioafl wbichtheyaresung. Thebookistohaveasecondexemplifj ing the perfestion of the art whose progressi t d e s c r i b e s T h e s e w i l l b e i n c e a s e d i n t h e , n e w e d i -tion bj more than one hundred, showing tbe latest im-provements in tbe art. The book will be printed in thebeetpty'eofMr.Clay,formingalargevolumeinim- salonsoft>eEuropeancapitals. TheAbdelKadereau perial octavo.—" The Development of Christian Architecture in Italy, between the fouith and fifteenth centuries, in- clusive," by-William Sebastian Okeley, o f Trioity Col-rArabic Gulf, tbe Mediterra ean, and the Black Sea.At the same time, the Turkish possessions io Europa are to form a Danubiau Confederacy, and Constanti-book is eight Greenland songs, with the music tothe title "Abdel Kader, Emperorof Arabia," occasions eime excitement in Paris, and of course in tbe diploma'icEmpire is to be composed of the regions between theSIR: Your correspondent, " H . L . BL,"simply,re- of this aomirable group, owing to nis not finding a vivesalong-explodedstoryInreferencetotbeanthorsbipofthe placetoexhibititin,twoofthedealersinfine-artpro- ballad of " Willlain and Margaret." Moualear /^rfnaon Taylor docuons having .refused to let it be exhibited in their (1832) merely copies a statement made In one of the editions ofAndrew Marvell'e works (1T76) by the editor, C«(>t. Edward rooms, for feftf of giving offense to their Soujbbom Thompson, whom Robert Chambers -characterizes as " la- patroue. Mr. Rogers is.now employed upon a groap,he aWightway giveshim tbe credit oftbeir authorship. Dr. John-son soon afVrward stated that Thompson's charg» of plagiarism-have the presumption to say their souls. are their own lest they should give offense to their Southern custom-against Mallett was wholly unfounded, and his opin-oa has beenby Spencer P . Baird, with thS\ cooperation of John since adopted by Anderson, Chalmers, Campbell, Hall, and every ers, wiUhardly object to exhibiting this beautiful,workCafsin,andGeorgeW.Laurehoe,"fatwovolumes, quarto,withanatlasofonehundredcoloredplates.subseqnenteditorofeitherMalletorMarvelL Andersonsays: "Ofthisballad,Mallethasbeenenviedthereputation;andat tempts bav© be^n made to rob him of hiajustly acquired fame. I t sintheirshowrooms. Buttheremaybelurkingtrea- soninitafterall..—AmongtheillustrationsofDr.Palmer'sforth-Philadelphia. Thenumberofabsolutely new species hasbeenboldlycharged,butnotproved,byC»ptThompson. * coming volume of ."Folk Songs," is a picture byAbout 10 o'clock, Pnin; who had rowed so far as the tions. The radical object of the^author is thus seated: at precisely the right time and place to forward the .figured for tho firet time, is one hundred and fifty- * * The internal testimony is totally against him, and amply Church, which accompanies Tenny*on's p>em on even-Indian Park, returned with the tidings th«t a travelingpreacher, on hi* way down the Backet to Potsiam, in-t*iKkd t o . hold forth an hour H-nce, W e all, a<seord-ingly, em.barked, and, on reaching the Park, found' and remember."tones. Only those baling 'an Ear forapproach of tbe catastrophe, are rarely found in actualhuman experience, and they consequently fail to touchthe sympathies that a r e called forth b y t h e vividportrayal of scenes which have their counterpart inthe joys and sorrows of daily life. Nor do the leadiogwas from th- head of the lake eight miles distant range the most diversified regions of M-lody and: Har- The«ewerefilledwithmeniwomen,andchildren,in- mony. ThechiefpnrpOaeofthisinventioniatore-the best use of materials which were so illadaptedto is steadily increasing, and the veteran Blackwood, so the same slippery Captain Thompson, ever ventured to as-' of transformirg themselves into tenpins and settingtbtirbeetans g*yeet auire.1 Together, w e numbered MOB*twenty-fiveorthirty.. :lieveTeachersofMceicfromthAirksomepa'toftheir duty, by furnishiDg the pnnil with a key to all the difli- culties o f the theory, thus leaving more time for thatan effective work of fiction. Her'style,-for the mostpart, is simple and unpretending^ exhibiting 'consider-able descriptive power, thoughnot so happy in dramaticecenes, and, with few exceptions, restrained within the discovery of some important synchronisms 'between"Howaretbyservantsblest,OLord!" Both aie unmistakably Addison's.The scene fr'vm a mound, a little, back in the Park,presented a lively and beautiful picture- In the fore patient practi-e wnich is the pr ce of vocal or instru-increasedits.salethisyearbymorethan500copies. —Col. Sir Henry Rawlioson has just announced theD. W . F .ground was the meadow, deep in its wild griss, dap- "pled with sun and shadow). Next was the spot of worship, the bank and boa-s chequerod with the differ- ent drefrses o f tbe group. Tne atiddle distaucd gleamedNew-York, Sep*. 3. a brief but thorough exposition oftho subject, and a bounds of good'taste and natural expression. The The histories of Egypt and Assyria, recently discovered , ;mental aewmpushment. In these pages will be foundf»-w points appertaining to Temperamsnt and Harmo- narrative is singularly free from the extravagance and by him, on a set of clay cylinders, received at the Brit-ny, from which students advanced in the science can inflation, which, with so many readers,-will always ish Museum from Nineveh, during bis absence in Per- —Fashion is not half so fickle and capricious a di- with, the8"lverhgh»B and-iurple darksofthariver, drawtheirowndeductions,and solveallpossiblemu- pass<isfinewriting,, andcontainsnumerous passages sia. Hefirdsonthemthe detailed account ofan ex- vinityassheisaccusedofbeing.- Strangeas some ofover to the sunny, g'eeus o f tia ml^dhannel island a n ashores. A soaring backg^apd ot downy tints, reared . by Houtt M-rris. closed the picture. .Tbe preacherwas;a long,lankpersonage,withan appleof*aheadperchedonastickofanody. He stepped from the log hut to the front, and began the serowsbyread.ngahymnwithanasaldrawl,andsical problems.'.'We of coursefeel oursolvesbound toqualify the claim thattbeeciencecanbesomasterecl.Ittakesaworkthe siz*ofadictionarytoputthepupilthroughtheelements ofharmonyandcomposition,alwaysprovidedthathe playswellonthe..pianofirst,soastobepractisalinof genuine pathos. In her attempts at humor tbe pedition conducted into Egypt by, the Assyrian mon-her freaks appear, there is philosophy in them, w e have no doubt, if w e could only discover it. But thereisonethinginwhich fashionconforms strictly totheorderofnature,andmakesanunerriugchoice inherlovelyinstincts. Inthecolorofhervestments shealwaysconformstotheseason. WhenthefirststumbfearoverthelongestWxrd&An old ftllon, with f»atur(8 buried in an ambushof reading chords and sequences in combination, has a work, its frequent appeals to religious motives and.kingoftheEthiopiandynasty,andtheTirakahofthe Bible—and was successful in restoring the Assy- frosts of Autumn begin to tirge the foliage of one not expose their holiday suite to tbe rough scramble ofwriter is not so successful as to estabb'ah her vocation tothatlineofcomposition,though sheneverindulges inihefree-an1-easyfacetioueneaswithwhichmorethan onepopularfemininepenhasvainlyendeavoredto supplyitsplace. Theprevailiogmoraltone ofthearch AetUT-bpni-pal, the. son of Esar Haddon, at the commencementofhisre|gn,probablyaboutB.C.660. ItwasundertakentochosdsetheKingTarku—evi- dentlytheTarcosof Manetho, thethirdandlasta football game, and an inquiry elicited the faot that the game was interdicted.Itwasevident,however,thatsomethingwasinthe a rather qui:k temper, aod who appeared to hava run thousand has got beyond the a be of it. At this mo- plot, give it the elements of a wide popularity, and n,ames, and tbe list of cities over which they presided, grays, the velvets and silks, the merinoes, wind, and it was not long before the deep notes of awrfnkJes, then sounded the pitch; joined .in a keen teacher equal to Cherubini, and genius beside. Of the sanctions, and its evident sympathies with, the r com- falseUoHty one whomJL took to be his wife, an old ladyforests and gardens with gorgeous hues of purple andrian authority which was oonfirmed b y the establish-whosesourfVeeseemedabarp-nedonthegiodstoneof personswhopretendtoknowharnjony,notoneinone monlot,"in'spiteofthefar-fetchedoharacterofthe mentoftwentysubordinaterulersor"kings,"whose crimson,andgold anddeep-toned brownsandso pertinadooaly after her work as to ran all the flesh ment there is no good work on harmony in the English with a large class of readers will /amply atone for any are given in the inscriptions. •'''., «ff herboBea.cashmeres, and brocades, all assume correspond- sonorous bass drum gave mneic in the air. Soon a motley pTocefesion appeared—the disappointed Sop 10-farfrom,beinginjaiedbythecheapercompetitors,has cribeitto»nyotherp«nthanthatcla«sioonewhichwrotethemselvesuptobeknockeddownbytheirbigbroth- ers. Ourreadersknow, byexperience, virion,or hearsay, what was the nature of these contest*; h o w earnestly they were disputed, and what fan* they af- forded to spectators as well as contestants. After tea Last evening, many people flocked to the Delta, e x - pecting to see the contest take place as usual. Gradu- ates were there, full of recollectionsOf the shins we've cracked, 1'And the noses we're whacked, And the ex obaJls we've blacked;And all In fan.But it was evident at once that there was a change inthe condition ofth'ngs. TheDelta wasbareof student*,andoccupiedchieflybyraggedboys.The few students who loitered about outside of the'feuoo didnotw*artheasoectofabjectpovertyu*ualatsuch times;theywerewelldressed. Ofcourss'theywouldwantofvivacityordramaticskillintheexecution.AN INTRODUCTION TO NATURAL PHILOSOPHY. ByDxmnoN Oxstsriw. LL D. Revised by E. S. Ssnix. 8vo. titled "Leaves from the Olive Poems." The have produced so brilliant and magical an effect upon lowed by six pall-bearers with a good-sized coffinART ITEMS.. \which bave cost £184 666—tbe largeet price paid for awas buried.[Boston Daily Advertiser, 4th.**••••»• •••«•«»•••••••1HC JfA«»T'FOOTBALL HOSTUM Obiit.Tnly*• lim-Alt. LX VKS.E K S U R O A T . . •^•~-»y-^«-w>--^>'.'^»>»>-'~;~—.-^i-., , ^ , . . , - . - „ 'mxri.«j|-i_iiiL 'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069X. *0ii^tm*www.fultonhistory.com,--•'" 