.tta ttoop-of-war Oyatu, were at Panama.0^. X.—NO. Z-'GS.LATER FROM THE PACIFIC. fhe believes fully admits of no doubt. Tne Govern- oveiboaid, when the matter gets ! to Cong-ess.gres home, under leave, in the ArieL The United Lni not sufficient to Interfere serluusly with UK Irans-FOllDAl^ LATERTke •Hnnll «from tk* Ittb ia<t, arriTed at thia port raiter-ABBIVAZi OP THB AWTRTiiia:< and declare him President, or show a disposition and family, cu their way to the United States. Tne Ceu. snd, and as soon as wa freights advance,totcr from Uma.n» PvcnlaB TcnIoB of the Dispote.nWSFROMCHIUANDBOLIVIA.of^AmericiUi cilizens, inciuiilng those for the two than almost any other of the prominent men la it; Protestant Cemetery, at Bella Vista, near Calluo, s<r< ine s are taken on spcculatioa ; last sales halves, The French andTIE NEW'fiMNAOIAM REVOLUTION REVIVED. Government ; and that, in tiie question reiarive to the Ziz2ie Tkuvpsan and Giorgiana, it has not interposed an alwolute negative, lor. In the arbitration proposedna river, it that the Intendentd of Pana- ble for a railroad-for It is smooth appears perfectlyBarlty in moderate request.Hit of ill Imerietn Gitiiea and woold be tatiffied if founded in justice.More, as to the retirement of Mr. Clat, my Govern-AanoLZSA at Santa Martha, to the capital. The got this Idea While witnessing the operation of the "ItiliMtioi tf tke Ctrgo rf kb ABnicu Yuitl.ISSUIT OF TBB CHDUQUI EXPEDmOH.ment has warmly solicited him not to carry his resolu- tiob into effect, and that the Cabmet at Washington t>e consulted upon the truly satisfactory state of the ques-Fiftb-aveaae Hotel.The ri^nlar British maU steamer iMtweea South-viiBLbilng to Panama. But some one at Hompos gers freight for South America, oit:municipalby majoritias rangtaf from 6C0 to 4,000. This is the fifth time tke reformateMBik^ ilriei,WiLSOK, Commander,it has hiiheito mamtained,and prevent the evils which would result to the commerce of both Peru and the United States, from adisagTeement between the two. Hehasnotchosentoab.^tain tieforetheconsiderationssys, will make the bad faith of President O^puia to- w attis Gen. HiaaAs perfectly apparent. In the mean- time it professes to give some of the main points ofThomas._^The Chtrlqal Expedition.F. W. R.of this city, failed on the Eth lost., fur one hundred,«qu aaMMitI.K7,«MlnTreasnr«.0err0s^cad<nceoftke New- York Tanet.creditors, here, are partially jirotected.muj kave baen anUelpated by the Overlaiul Mail. a demand pecuniaiy against Peru, flexibiliiy, purelymuch reliance upon the Carthagena papers, as theyXalcTtoleUlgennalaraceiredbythlatrrlTalfrom to«homthequestionismorethanoneofmoney—ofis the list of cabinpassengersbyk* latkBoa aad Bovik America. The newa from tm%)m Important. It anooaiieea the snipension ofBaiMa la a«aiB the theatre of iwrohitlon, and la alsofluMtaacdwithtSTaaionfromPeru, 'nienewtfroiBprinciples of vital Importance.The civilized Goverfiments of the World, and es-and a memlier of OsnitA's Cabinet indie^tes to him the Cabinet be:—Vera. Mi. Cut, onr Hloister, waa to leare CaUao ftMttkaUthliuLlntha Wfowmf.Ifind aan entire failure.ilylitle rcIaUons between the Halted States andand the Gulf ofLieut. MoaroN left his party at alamily;CUH Is QBlapartantTke rerolutlon in New-Granada ha« rertred ofthe arguments stated in the foregoing— the third civlsion, composed of the militia of Antiog-TOM's summit was not less than 2,'iOO feet below thelate, aad there la. no immediate prospect of peace. Sereral CBgagementB had occurred between the rlTalfaoiioni,;osed of iOOmen, are idle or useless in La Plata. )—realone andwhenhereturned,tmwiilingtogiveitAt Canton wagon Itbytbe rebels. Govem-vkbeat any important retolta.Tka Vntted States steam flag-ship Laneailer, andnia,counted on—and Gen.lution has been so unfortunate, caimot fulfill the prom- ise to tdke command of the flotilla (bungoes) upon the—the of Santander in and the coast prisoners Bogota,corservatives. conspire against him, Ospina. Gen. IliaKAN has resigned the place of Commander-in- chief, and has dissolved his alliance with the Govern- ment, in revenge for his being dropped as President,&c.The Carthagena papers further allege that Mos-SOUTH AMERICA.Waare ooder ebUgations to the enterprising Ez- Kcwa fren Pern—RcTalollaD In Bolivia—pass, butwithout the i CALIFOENiiT^iD OREGON.Hare Kxecuiioa*— Probable War whichpqicnandprhagesirealwaysdelireredwith Pern—Chili. _fnm CoBHWny of the Heaws. Fauiuii, by means of ttempbieas and dispateh.IMPORTANT PROH PERU.nlihFrom Out Own Oorrespondenl. Pa;aiia, Thursday, Nov. 13, ISOO.The British steamship from the South Coast ar- rived here on the Oth inst She bring dates from Val-lilncalB Ahead In Oregoa* dtc.sldering the tnow ami bad weather in the this Is making good time.i.nd family;Mfl—rie B>ptaie wltli the Vwttti 8tate* paraiso to the ITt"', and from Calluo and Llmi to theNov.24. Khich left Fort Kear- ney on Wednesday, Not. 7, with the elecdoa news, arrived in Salt Lake in three and four hoursmoaey,Boston vii Halifax, arrivfd Steamship JftK-Vert, from New-York, pot lataon theSteamship Ctfy nf Mancketttr arrived at Qoeena-town on the 13th.The Sqaadron with tbe Prince of Wales on boan^did at conse- — 2ttb October. She not touch Guayaquil,DapaMare af the AaMricaB Mlalater quently we have no very late dates from Ecuador—Tiie «xtraJobxph, Saturday, Pony Expressand933(493 }ifor account.fromfa>aa filae IMByate.By this arrival we have Pacific news as follows The Presidential election returns still lack five orCity days —distance,950mUes. I'belast45milesweremadeInthree hours and ten minutes, and this 45 mUes of theat on the llth. LiverpoolFrom^Onris chief. the militaryThe total voteThe Feravlaa VerotoB of the _tut at last accounts that i^tate was settling down into quietude, snd business was reviving. SeHur GaaoiA H(;a>iio coutinaes at the head of civil affairs, and Gen.Oorreapondent.Tke sews Is important from Peru. The United houses in Guayaquil, and the church of San Francis-OwnPjhuu, Friday, Not. Ifl. 1880.have declined to for fight longertheStatfi Minister haa tuapaided diplomatic relations with, and recelTeed his p«sBp<»t8 from President Ca3- <iua, the latter haTing refoaed to comply with ttie demand ofMr. Cut for tite Immediate payment of thefor City.had not reachedThe Bank rate of discount had been adraneed to ttper cent, on Tuesday evening, and the Baakof Fcaneabad raised its dlscoont rate to 43* cent. perITALY.VictoK EiLAiniEL was to leave for Sicily est the lUk,. American elainu for the seizure and confiscation of•« ships GtOTfiama and LixxU nompttm. Mr.Cutwastoleave CallaoSatMmUnitedStates- a>4steaaKorvette W^/vrntng. PrcsidenfCASTiLU pub- Il^hea a circular to llie diplomatists in Lima, laying all Uia blame of ttiis interruption of friendly relations between Peru and the United States'upon the latter Power. —AUERICAN CLA1U8 AGAINST PERU. CIKCtII.AS or TBI PEBDVIAN HUIISTIB OF KELA- TIONS TO TBI DIPLOMATIC COBPS.Onr own correspondent at Piinama translates for tha Thus the dicaiar of Seilor Joaa Fabio Miloaa, Mlniaier at Reiaclons Exteriores of Peru, to tne Diplomaile Corps, dated Oc. 24, 1860, on the occi.'iLin af the suspenfiion of Jiplomiftic intercourse bet>^een lion. J. Raadolph Clat, our Minuter at the Govern- ment of President Castilua. Alter ills openiog, heconcededto him. The officialF|||i|g^»i)outMessrs ZAaAcosniooi k Co., who I wrote you had the 12tli last., on the United SlUea received the nei^ United States and British coat.'^ctA dispatch from Yreka, near Oregon, on the 13thmj iU^ lutest advices from Oregon give 250 mi^oiityfor Lincoln over Breckinridge. Douglas was 6.000 sent the easterly gale of Friday night as veryThere is no fresh the latalligaaee respecting'I'ltumynn and Gcor^tana, ha.ing discovered tnem loadiijggtiaiio in liilits, %%tilcii iiut only were uot fra-to Santa Marta without a p issport.County recently,has been killed in a The band fight.mtnex large nor even ^mail ports ol the UAtloi), were notlivian force crossed the Irontier of Peru ingo moneymurders and robberies by wholesale msentA letter fiom Walla- Walla, Washington Territory, to the Portland (Oregon) News, and dated Nov. 3,Boyd to investigate the report of the massacre of theof DzLzu, and coming to tlie viiiige of Z^jptta, v^bere ojjeb tu iuieiKU muj chant vessels. The litgtameitto these officers were murdered, in revenge. It is said,ins'., Baon.N Aild Fass-strength<;uenu»iwastakenfromhim,which hadcommjttiugret^uuiistiedau(4,u<e they tioB,monythe two countries canniH be much longerpostponed.had taken the first both the place, parties claimingvictory, and ihutthey killed from fifteen to thirtyof thethe vessel ashore ou Sta'en Islkud, near the Quarantine lauding, to preveut herov ei bi ard puttioiis of their cargo. At Buffalo the galeh*lor tiie^buiiiuess'Jiis article, but nei- beingpursuitIsthe Peninsula.relief to the Governor4e CoHitrcw, wiiich is a law of the iState or nauoa, and ttie itguiatiousfor the tailing of guabo, which are alsoiu la IAS, aiid other ci>po^ltions O! the Goveriiro>:nt.pro. hiLit, uncer penalty of Itie coii&scaliou of the vessel, the ioaoiug of this article from ibe depuMts from wiitt'b It was taken by the two American sliit>s. ^ht.fcelavvs and orders, published at (livers time, werein consequence of the rebellion of Are- 4«jipa, and, besides, tiie Oiplomatic Corps were prop- triy lOiiheU cf their exlsience. There was nothing iLcatng, Uien, on tae part of the Government, tnat the Inlracters ofibece laws >houId apply the penalties to lttm^el^es, ana the aforesdld vessels had no right tobuih while jib, weie washed uvelboard andCommercial latelUxeDce, LITEEFOOL COTTOS MAKKET.Theaales of Cottoii for two days (Monday andunchanged from Friday, but closed dull, with qaota- lions barely maintained.The advices from Manchester are unfavorable, therelittle 'for and aad being but inquiry goods yams,prices are weak.UVKEPOOl BFEADgTCFFB MAKUT.The Breadstuffs market had a downward tendency, aud all descriptions had slightly declined. Mesira.Mould beexemptedirum theirCHILI.the continuance of the revoluiion.A bill has been In-more serious.It appears that AsBOLinA had plannedand th.it1 urtbennore, the guano which these ressels wereloading ba<l been (old lo tLem at a very low price by awhich to snow. It changedRicBAXBBm, SrMci * Co. reportFfcua dull, aadmUliaiychiefoftherebelsofArequipa. Theguano, wiucu » as national property, couJd only be disposed ot by tike National Government and in accoruaace witu the laws cited aboTe. The Governrueot bad also iiotitid foreign public agents of the facts uf the case, (ur the i/ettersecuiiiy ofiis rights, alihojgh the notifi- cation was not necessary, ana iiad receive J uo protest Iu Ihe contrary from them. Fhe Lizzit;the lower qtiali-Tktimpson aLdIhe HwoTficma, thtn, committed a depredation in laUag t^ TOluntary contract the national prop;ny Jiooithenanasof apaity ot rebels, wnohad not the least iftle to it. Fur such flagrant Infractloiis and out-peca.u- .arily, for losses sustained resulting from their action,The most hoiribie slaugntcr of so many inuocent emigrants call for a searchinginvestigation by the authorities, and if no one should non-fulfillment of then the Gov-laws ioi the working oi the guano beds, and for such sums of Largerthan usual have been \', and then without the knowledge mat Madbeo had exporteilhe censured for lake some effidcuietnyt, for the A Bdld rain last ever lug changed to a cold snow- ernment had belter stepstheie vessels were seized and confiscated iu strict ac- oorfteocewiththelawsofthenation.plagoandCoqul-nbo,makingmoneyscarce.Business, latitudes,Areolzda'bforcewasdefeated,andtookpassingnewsofNov.15 Thesayspresentcatescommand-windblowingaterriblegalefromthewest.i.Con8ider- fiimat5Ss.'353s.this elitef.The most luminous demoustratioos haveNo copper b.-irs in m^ritet.by my Government t>oth here and be- fore the Calfinet of Wastalogtoa, as to the true char- acterufthepretended Government of Arequipa,(abeenproducedLONDON MONET KAKKET.Gi rerun ent vthich was notOliectly by any nation,) and Its lack of capacity todls-po^« ui ti.e aationai property— itsnguirbytneNationalGovernment,iiUhwnichall lyicign Covtmmtnts, as well as that of the Linitedof bone, with the following averago :Thirty-eight vessels from the Arctic, Hodakaand The bllndng snow-storm rcnd.'rs it impIn the American Stock Market Illinois Central shares, New-York Central shares, and Erie stock had experienced an upward rally.— iiisi.iict:u4a,iMi«arwlihtherebelsandtnelegiti-poit quitebiaieb. cuiiiinutd In diplomatic Iniercuursewhale, and 2CU,b00 pounds of tions vessel, 47C:j barrels.;avera^toeach'""^"'*'«*i"1^casetherehadexisted an imestiiie war..o»er;;,f.L^.^TM,T^St.'l",n°°tlie'*!enX 'lQgt«£h^enacimiTly p";«^^v\Lrotduiu'i ,hgotaCnrlbagcDn—Reported —Isitnotalittlesincii.ar,wldleAmericansarebelns imi-ilsoned, and Aaierican property confiscated, while the British are landing men everywhere, and inter- ferirg actively in the local riisnutr-'s of Ncv-Granadi, that the only vessel the United States has or hid on—thiscoast andsuthanooleandpowerfulsiiipastiieETaenatioD PARADEr'J'I?,!','i'wenty-nine vessels from Ihe Okotsk Sei, with 540 barrels sperm, 155^ barrels whale, and 164,000 poundsa the i-lrsl Regiment, (cavalrj-,)._r ^i„..^_./.^ towaids this Government i-.ttU'—--ol;, that ol the Clilritrii ItoaburlvGtorgeMurtj,New-London,llreiirieal.tjielaige SLm ai inoemniiicatioi:, evert "t^ intimationsthese vessels, because it cannot .'enounceAspinwul., and N about to send herc insuied. Some flour in her hold is dan ;.geO.oie .swM eele- of EvacuUon Day to-daf py •and so clear as those inIt cauuoi attack its own sovereignty ..ml tlierepairedit is diiLbtful. iiowever, if she can work her;TwentylaipotlantNewGrsr.ada.tertnIt i.s i.rjR a-srriedthebee. ruse, tottie oemaiids oi the Uiilted States would be tothe Ultra-Conservatives,There are nowm'jst of whom, should the weather continue favorable, the coast lew.Jrnceuf Ihe judicial power;byw.iy hevl-v.inds at thisanl.200 miners in ii.e diotrtct,-;. i.Pasab.i, Tnurs lay, Nov. 15, ISSO. m—My Gov- emrrnamceinit hnas nsot boeenu »bliuuing I.) a.i.uo»lt.dEe ,ts*ifas has been exacted, responsiole for tie ^K.irr I'rwhat little of vKalihant resources former wars have left toSeuor lIuRTADO, Intendcnlc of Panama, has hi 1 th" little American steamer J.iura-Fran'.es thorouizhlyrecent accounts from therecognizeddirectly ur in-it.the posst8>ion of ailuf oble for ves-The damnqeioihe shipping heivy,manyvesselshaving from tneir mooiinjis and d=ished against other. Thestormisconfinedalmostentirelytotte sole oV'ject to dispose of tills articlela *>rcer to be faithful to the n ition, we hhould guard, aswedo.guard,withparticularzeal,t'leconservation *'*"'•*'*" '' elected of the^e revenues, hypothecated to the payment of thecuveiiesA single blast put in a week since, threw oat severalandiebt, internal as weU as external.From the tenaclotis exactions of tlie Government of{.ubileabout 75,000 votes, MoailiONEWS.ederati^n votcl. BOW deplore. To shun this cooiliet, no pains has ih.y did, voled almostare at anchor in thi- port. Thesailed on the 13;h for a cruiseby a change of air. to bimefit her castle, EnglandWednesday,TheASTica.—Between SO and 40 chUdren,more than 400 at the New-York Juvenile Asylum, in rooms. No. 817 Broadway, at si o'clock. Amoofi-the United States, and from the just and firm«f mj Govcrameot has resulted ttie conflict which wesloop of-war Cya*eFeancisco,Arrived, 11th, Belgiam ship Charles,ereolncs at tha;because,appiica-a decisive l>attle, arranging tnat Col, Hadieo shouldget in the rear of the revolutionary party, through aof forest, with 200 men—that Vanooxs should face the Ciene^a ou the sea side, and open a fire upon tives. The minority and a portion of the pe-ipie are it, while he, at Ihe head of 400 men, should attack inthree parties for the attack. Madeeo got in position, and mistaking some guns in the revolutionary ^camp for the signal, made a rush, got Inside the intrencb- ments, and spiked a gun or two before the enemy re- covered from their surprise, when he was driven out with considerai^le loss, himseif dangerously wounded.some twelve dead bodies had been fouc i,ten more, still alive, secreted In parties of three or four for the distance of twelve miles, in ihe vicLiity of ttae attack. Some had died from actual starvation.liom the wi st at I o'clock Katurday mommg,f" *'?"' claim of aandwas lost in tiie Vo, during aThe1nV'-'s i^a qiiestiji,_:j(!'.^.jteatmuch decrea=eJ since my iasL to San'a Maria to a-slst .AaagisiiA. I thinktore iron pigtoal value, $30,000.TI:rippcrsecond Regiment, AnniversaryCol.RsT.ioa,incje len- arrede toname unknown, wen: miles wsst uf heie.onbrate parade.-iviolently opposed.Waesiiils, Nabb fi carta! on inferiorest to- tl.or tentialists, tlat Gen. Arbolida has alread/se- liih alaiiieniable principle for alt Governinei.ts, in->trongTho Thirteenth Regiment,National&ta,'«|-.'':clutiiiog that of North America, and leave the ndUoa.ill<Topeiiy to the mercy of any rebel V4 ho cnos*; to ar-lOgaSe that he was a government de facto bubs.itmt.d by 1 of the Conservatives; oecau-r;. 4re| odallT, the revenue iroiTi the guano would oe at-1ack«d by rebels who would assume to be juch wlin election.the ore to San Francisco,as soon as tr.ar<sportatlon can be obtained. The dis- Ictleii-er asy., nor in the canal, as faras heard^negativeMarysmen, about fifty of whom are suflering from slightselected fromeveryWedoesdarSatotdayfct«a%paroi), and Peru lias even made a clear sacri-tee aftm ilghla. She has proposed t» submit the caseto Ibe MtratloB of a third Power, flrst de-ignai-inn-QimX B<itala,aBd afterward offering t« coo-fora -h«nalf to the Ceelslon of any Power suihmen as Seiiores Lmo ds Powbo, Madhid, ija^iva- l~liir~Willibea'a~leetedbyVmUnitedStates. HiiuandQtJiJiao,ofBogoU—haveissuedan1^ ewd<i«T-tke Matter laOne Hundred and Seventy-fifth-streel,City to-day for homes In the West, under the care of^^, Polls, Tyng, LaUwop, Clarke, Hare, Termilye, l)ei|t, andWUUams. TUe new arr uast wUl «» *M»mentoftheUulledStaleshasdecilaodthismannerof •elUeOient. lesorted to by all nations in similar eases, when she thould ought to adopt it, if aiie believes that rea»on and right is on her side.1 expressed the in a former letter that If the opinionSthtis netm corvetteWijommgwiU be here about thepoTtaiion of goods tae intetlor. The tliroughoutcountry has tieenw iihln the past sixty days as to dimlnith the presentFKOIEUBOPL THB AKAOO OFF CAPS RACB.permittake upon himself the responsibllilv of a lew hes-the OthTb*BanTiaiietaeoadvioaaaretoUielatinat,bat thatke to beforetheworld,andbeore them—butyoumustbewarnedagainstplacingtooNov.19,ISflO. A Gent'eman connected with the Chiriqui Ex-ThePcnyExpress,withSt.LouisdatesofOct.26, arrived here ou the 6th lost.CHINA.It Is reported that Ihe settlement of negotiatleaa kadbeendelayedonaquestionof and ofaa- money unitygoes presenthis own Government that he has sustained, with ia-Pahaka, Thursday, thenominationofHaaaAnforthe ploringExpedition,whosestatementmaybeimplicit- Xhefollowingthe assurances, A long correspondence follows, which only containsFLcassOn the 27th October an earthquake threw down twoco at Plura.PERUThe Peruvian Congress, by a majority of one vote,have inserted an article in the new Ctmstttution making any one Ineligible to a second consecutive term of the Presidency. Castilla rightfully looks upon this action as a blow aimed at him, and wKl pro- bably see that the article U expunged.Flymou'h12th,short of coals.for guano, have advanced the Governmeut one million of dollars, and are to pay in soon two millions more. It is though: that the frigate CallM mny yet tieraised, and iliere is talK of rebuilding the secti jnal1.5C0 menreliable Bogotadock.— BOLIVIA.Monument fund to be $4,2-10, which will be largely increased.Saturday morning the wind had changed to the North-west, from which direction it continued to blow Rome, NaplesThis country, which under the rule cf Dr. LiirAaas, has enjoyed a short season of peace, is likely soon to Lecome the theatre of war and anarchy. Preiidrut CastiilaIs a bitter enemy of I.I^ARS8, and it is known has for a long time been indirectly assisting Ex- Presi- dent Bblkd in his atten.pts to revoiutiiuize rue coun-CAsxri LA has al-io threatened Bolivia with war on various pretexts, and has only hesitated to send an ainiy sgains: lier because he has been so stroru^iy ot>-it is believed tliat a majority of people of California voted against calling a const! titlonal C'^nvention.pievsilod fiom tne opposite iiuarter.General'sIt is said that Gen. Gmox considers his position tm-tenable.GAaiBALbi has Issued a farewell proclamatloa toarmytry.the news been from Jo- o'clock, having expressed ^t.inlets were fiingeJ wdh ice, ani iiaviga yesterdayhis late concluding by bisin ll-e schcrje by Ids own iiiSiilstersanJ oy Cin- In my last 1 VMOto yoi that LitiAa.ss hid had several of his own officers shot for liiVing attomtited a revolt in the army iu favor of Bslzu. Sabs'^nuently 13ELKU eiitfrr!d the iiolivian territory at the heal of a smalt force, and aftei a sitirmi-h «iih the Government ui ;.vo -\nit:ricuii merciiaiiimen, tae Lizzie retreated on to Peruvian withgatesvery cniphbtically that, if he fired upon the city. Gov. NuTo would cut the threat of inlikeiy.as followsevery EngHshmaidressto-morrow nighLproceecs" A Peruvian ship of war, wiiicti was cruitiing on;the eoutiietn cja^t u> protect uur gaa^nu dcpas.ts I'roui ti^e ce^ieuat:oit& ui tije ciiief of a reDcUiju who !iad ebtabUsni.d himtt:!! iu the City uf Arequipa, inaie piiiebtown. Ni£TO subsequently denied that he had giventhe orders 10 refuse the to guard Captain permissionvisit the city. Mr. Foster, formerly United States Consul to Carthagena, had been arrested and thrown Into pi Uon by the State aathorities, for uudcrtikingA school census of San Francisco dren under 18 years.gives 154,000chii-the shipi hig in our harbor.I he schooner A/an./lo But, from Alexandria, ar-rived Staturd-rfy, and reports that -Ahtle aucliore-1 offWashllgtuli Cliy, D. C. reported thai when off S.uidy Hook. Gsos-lBthe seamen, sdtorwoiwnged. Ofnlyitnrgi-eeeige garrisonwill not a Ixmb- capitulate, generalpcted gress.city,Ircops, tijrrilory, tailinghim four coli-neis as prisoners, whom he shot. A Bo-Salidyuuiingshot all the authorities of the plac'e, and ourned do wndm ofduring the gale, she was cumpeiieu to slip the anchor1The friends of Limako in Viun doubt tiethe town.latter part of this story, as they say it is not in har-to vent her going ashore. She was taken in tow prewere 12,100 bales, including 1,000 toill notdoejsm^Ii-sh^-.s' ^•"^'.fJ^jr^fir?v^,(«(? ac^: j:S??t7Cift-c?5^T it^with 7C0 men. while ttie revolutionis'.s were in the Bolivian chief. It would seem ihsit a war between vicinity, in the Cienega, with 1,000 men. Two fightssaysexpressjustarrived in thevalleyby tlie steam-lug AcluUtt, and in coming up uie bayTuesday)speeo-v^iih the merciful and moderate character of thevictors'' severally declare Duiing the late troubles in Chili, President Montt their own loss to have been about six hundred killed was clothed with extraordinary powers, to last during and a few wounded. The second affair was probablytroduced into Coueress extending this dictatorship till July, ltd, or uutil the approaciiing elections forganatccnpanieei with rain,rs>.ed leBi fully lor several hoars, and is reported to have teen veiy disastrous to shipp ng on Lake Erie. Much damage was dune to vessels at tiie wharves. Telegraphic dispatches from Oswego repre<ent tueare over-which bill is favor- ably received by a large majority of the representa-:declined 6d. |) bbl.ties weie easier,Red Weslerii, lis. 6d.S12s. 2d.; Red Southern, 12s.Pietideiit andCongresspii'ceWhsai quiet quotaUjns;<;.< lii. lOd.; White V\<sicrn, lis. BJ.aiSf.;much incensed at thiscontrol tte elections.and disturbers of the public peace responsiole,is alsoThe bUEii.ess in silverto the Portland Press.fNCW-fclOr.K AM) ^~HEAVY -WIAD-DAMAOl! AT BUFFALO.&Co. adeclineofld.#adU reportThe Provision market hi qalet. Baxr heavy. Ponsin the district of Co-rages upon tike Eeglamento Oe C/rrurcio and of the Silver coi-t is again becoming ertarce in Chili. The 400 men of AaBOLEDA did not attack till next day,plago is imp. oving.OswEOO, Sat'irdav, Nov. 21.toFrance, 100 w 120 francs.and93StOnJitotFreightsi^ngland,vessels had arrived, bringing liyo barrels sperm, 33,137 barrels whale, aod 422,600Consolsclosedat93)« lormoney, act:ount.miningWbzai. FLona LITEEFOOL PSOTISHMI MAKICET.goldscandalousdefiauuing of tlie titate of its property, Europe, an'l large remi;tance8 bave 9^n rttaJft t* Co- been defeated. After a pretty hard fight, for thesethis highway, over which hundreds are storm lefore this morning. Tne thermometer indi-firm at e3s.3M8. TallowpnCDUCE MAIIKET.ihe bad been rather dull. Best preceding fortnight,refuge behind their fortifications in the city. This Is allandWatertown,lITEBrOOLMr. CiAT made no objection to the lorm which taemafeMvok In the Uoorts, but he piutestel against tnetelsaie >bd eonfiscatiou of the vessels; claiming tnat six mOr)ths, and common brands at $3. The Ameri- PiafittigfTtri, who says he agreed withthe G jvemment tae Clutl of the relMlUon ol Arequipa vias a Uuvern-mrikt lir/actQ, ifho could dispose of tne national prop-erty wttidn hu power, and that the Goveratncnt, mfact aiMi by tiaht, of the nation was in civil war withCoffee Rice firm. Ashes Sugar steady. steady.Southern bnsds of flour sold for $3 50 per quintal,that can be got out of the captain of the British steamersecure tnetioa routes into the vadey of the Columbia from an-but not much here.can sliip Uonsoan sold her best lumber at $60 per l.'JOO feet, and inferior for $45, on board. Saltpetre, p lya-folks not to ttli what had A how- transpired. report,sea'en.The bark Yaiitve brings Sandwich Islai.dsBuffalo, S-iturday, Nov. 24. The v;ind commenced blowing heavily from thewest about 1 o'clock this morning accompanied withquiet at 29e. fur both SpiritsLO.VDOX MAEKETS.M per quintal. Kxchange on London, 6J days, 43M I'cr dollar—on Paris 4f. 50 centn-is.andwould haveCtffee and TaCow toincreaseinviolenceandisnow vanced. Saltpetreheavy.Ricis has ad«ble on letarn of bills of lading at (1TheIts effect on the lakes must prove as there are not far from one hundred£2 156.—to llamburg, jCJ—toF. W.rsgirg fearfully.V try disastrous,vessels between Leie and Chica(0, sercralof;which have passed Detroit and are probably on Laite Erie.KK\V-GR.\VAD.\.the not- Proc^esfl of the Hcvolatioa-News from Ba- thewanis of ti.e army, wltile tae other third wasaudGoTcrnmcDt Troopa Ad American Ciil- ECD ImprUoDcd and an American Carga Canllacaled—-lUscellancous.Froxa Cur Own Correspondeaf.Dnr* orTHEMILITARY.ii'rof^/^'7, too, The prospect 0<a speedy termination of tie mis- prisesho'ilii tiein a Companyent^-r-ofthe.errible revolution that is so rapidly exhaustingBy apieaisEsmereld^ur, d oi.iffi volt; for the Presidency, although hecarry will w inter there. Silver is the preponderatingTHE WEATllEK VESTEIIDAY. ALBAST, N. v.. Sun-ay, Nov. 25."asE'g'rta, for Gen.atweGovernment here continues to exile persons eugiged,They .form in the Cily HaU Park. Stoaatirai^^ is no ice P. M..and crossing Pulton-ferry, will pan nyOiaal-tr.e fiienis o< P.i-;Jent Ospina to count AanoiiDAin, or not. In tne canvastbisciiy,liy pouiirlB ore,bitter cold here nearly two inches thick.Ice frozeportion1 rsat-r, only four days before t>teIn local mattershave not much of note. The tention of the owner toThj.. jii.ws a determination on the pirt ofinto Guaya'piU. Thi'y are sent^u uler a-ithor-continue advance into iU iaiprovmg as theyto^>eaiB ago, Osi,; ^ ha.!about 4(1,010, and Mc»„.cra anlUial.The United States steam flag sliip Laricasfrand theof the clergymen of the City bave ecaieoted to take the lead in the piayer meetlngi of lite Association, heldConioii,severa Sttte, co.oj36,000,thenChildein or the New-Yobk JtrvESiutthe whole N,,w, „„ account of the revolu-or ra-A small vessel, apic-esSt. .naolmously eitner lIsaaA. In the Bay, hoping,n,t have voted at all. or, if fc-sloop-of-war;l«h,»teamer Ci>n-or Mmqcmj, so that cien thes« 51,000 vote, will bebark Zanttr, ilonoiulJ OoUtn Aur, Panama.sufBcient to cojnt Gen. ardol.da in. time, many of the leading ConservBil.escontracted from exposiu-e while on shore he.-e.ener- jeiic protert •(ilmt the dropping of Hesia.'v, and it itAmericanIntereststheredaringthesuipen-the (ahieeti of much iatereMandsaUcUaOe.In theof Boi!o-»—mean-feverin the late disturbances.of the iastitatloB. attended Dr. Spirao's Church, corneraageifeet ant Wednesdav evening, wheatbe ibskMr'.,yooogGovernment shoul.l act paitytoward Gen. Ilsa-2l)lh, will. Mr. Cui, United Sutessupplied, however,asUberaByAc,Post KiAaniT,qciXA has crossed thewhich Bogota Is situated, with 8,000 (3,000?) men that HiBiAS has gone to assume the Governorship oftiuiudioceo more. Consols closed at 93H'993K fbrGovernmentIf It be true that Mobqckra has crossed the Quindio,that he cannot even hold his own State that the stories of the neutrality of Antiognia are un-nrfo- ofGaeta, Itis asaerteda few bettaBeae. a drealar note of tbe Warsaw interview had been addressed tothroughout the day with even more fury than it hadWith thechange corre-ponding twenty degrees, Presidential election was sent to Sin Fr.iucisce and givln;^ the first earnest instalment of >Viiitor whirth;Our dates from Carthagena and Santa Marta are to the 4lh inst. At the former plar-e there had been great excitement growing out of tne interference in local olTairs try the Commander of Her Britannic Majesty'sCadiius. This ship has been constantly inter- fering ag.iinst the rcvoljtlonists. landing men on the coast under pn tense of protecting British property when a place was to be attacked, fi.c. The Captain having intimated tiiat, under certain contingencies, helo) alqCEHA who Htroopsmarching againstUos-shipwould tireAt b o'clock to-day Churchill, Utah, whencenc«s oftlic /csultof the change uf temptrature of iitore tii.intheof there'used anand toldto follow himagain;;thai Santander is subiuedthat isthat tbeThe Austrian. Government denies that;;behind Breckinridge, with three small counties to hearalong our whole coast, and ituvery thatwe tlationsforthe proisatileca{dtulationup-m Carthagena,he wasat one ofsephtime of sixare nowand thatill force him to surrender at discretion.$5,000 in been placed Into his hands with which to satisfy Custom-house duties, both tlie State and Federal authorities claim-ing the money.Gen. ABBiLtDA was still occupying Santa M.irta,toon 23J tneopposing force, while thethemost severeof the Government to front. A certain was agreed on between the signalitli a tilinJin^ snow-storm, en Laite Ontario—thc ticrniometer m-attempt1'he law making revolutionist!This party was subsisting upon the bodies of Myers,the father and husband. Capt. Dsut ivill return in afew when a full report will be forwarded days,Whiteto Santa Maiia against theirascn, as .site would burn ah Uie coal she could before she got there.nearly**emigrants.emigrants still alive, and subsisting upon the yet txperi«ni-ed. Some vesse's went asnore and dead bodies of their associates. The details were wrecked near Cleveland, and others which are most horrible. The messenger reports that were overtaken b> the storm we^fe compelled to heavewmm^'i<rm'rfp ^fm^pjp»"im'<m'>'>'*-»'>^'"ifM|iP!^i«l(9«ipPTCi!^lpiP"!PPP!SOPIM SMidoubt, snd to leave to a foreign arbitration that which probable »lll not be much mclined t > see him tlirown Ilnlieu bt..les. Lieul. J. Mitobill. of ihe St. Margt, tie prseedlng week. Conalderabia rala has fallen./ •r> x-^snfMj ijf^W* «:jt 1 ««"*PBIjgE TWO CRNt«.Ito^jotk NEW-YORK, MONDAY, NOVEMbEk ii6 •«».<>:fairlyMinister to Peru,may Laftiy, His Eicellency, Ur. Cut proposed to my to allow him to take pooession of the PresiJential steamer Saranac and the sloop of-war Lermt are ex- touk fur lis almost euiire cesiaUon. This U the gen-could not consent, of course, to the declaration,Goveromeut that ail the cliimsol American citizens chair in Aprii, IF elected to the revolution would at here shortly. The eral expectail.'n entertained by city deeleri, and against Peru should be given to a mixed Commission, it, pected steam^ioop BraMyn left Irencc ihelr continued eifuns to reduce Btoelt«, and to nhich should commence its work with the previous once cease to find supporters among any influential AscinwaU for Bocas del Tcro on the 12ih to lake on i\ old calling upon first hands for anything notBffLOMATIC IfPTOtE WITH PERU. declaraiii'U un the part of my Government that it ad- parties. And I think now that this course Ls the only board Lieut. HoaTOH and party, of the Chiriri'ii Eipe- inimidlateiy needed. Transsctlons continned Fiiiire *t tbe lilies to Rcgttiate a mitted itself responsible for the cooascatiou of the thing that can stay this fratricidal war. Geu. AaaoLa- dltion. She will reach New-York about tne 25th. llu ifed without particniar change of prloes. Sales ofLizzit TJiomptnn and Georgiana. My GoTemmeat ha Is brave and energetic, said to be possessed of good Lieut. J. H. Mooai, United States Navy, died on Csoiiles lor the past six daysrvaeb 2,900 boxes, at 24c.;tlou, asking that indemnification on all tike claims lale-d to govern such an unquiet cotmtry as jthls, Ihe 21st October. His remains were interred in the dcna. i-iU ; L90 tons West partly ex at about tlS 50.Treaty vltb Ckbuu'i24)«c. for good brands. Rlu Cofl°ee moves steadily B«9Branrc of tlie American ItUn- indicated. Ur. Cut then modified his prupo^i ar*ministrative qualities, and perhaps is better calca- board the Urlled States ship Wyommg, at Callao, on at 14itc.«I5c. Cial firm sales 1« tous bard ex La-veesels, should be regulated by the mixed Commis- honors. sion. My Governmeoi declared that it could noted but, he would not, like Hxaa-ia, have the firm support with militaryFmreoft Marching on Feldng;Operations of VictorLieaL Mooti was a fine officer and of the principal military chiefs, and unlike him, would and a most estimable gentleman.$3 to per dozen. Provisions dull and without ma- terial cbange. Isibmiis Butter movee at 32)tc.; 134 firkins arrived this morulng paeiroaGlyoUn;;Englidimit, evdi inctrec ly. the rei-ponsibiiiiy indicatedit is this vhlch Mr. Clat has been plea.^ied to qualifyas an absolute neiiatlve on the part of my Government Liberal party. So yon see what^small prospect we vey," make a good deal of fan abotu it, pardcolariy sale, at lie. Korelgn Brandlea slow, thoogb held ' to The demands of bis onn, and that which lias caused bave of peace.his regretted retirementsupply immeblately;have to contend against the bitter enmity of the whole Some of the folks who went upon tde Chiriqui " sur- Age.about Ihe " unknown g^." One old joker says, that fi) m. American Whisky, ISe.; Brandy, ft5e ; beingWe have no news from Bogota later than the 19th of September, which you bave already publisned, the mails and Government dispatches having been seizedon climbing a high hill they saw this pass anl so pro-temprraiily Improved a short tiyMr.Clayhasnotbeenkindenoughtobearinmindthat most of his requirements iiave iiecn concededtbLt is, to submit tbem to a mixed Commission, withImportant sacrifices of faculties on the part of my by the revolutionists as they came down the Magda- feet in heisht. He says he thinks that route is feasi- )5c. higher; ex-shipping varieties oommaifd $1 £5.traveling ma sent a Frenchman to Bogota with dispatches, with as tar as the hole goes, and then the trains can be by my Government it could result that this demand directions to take, on his way, dls)>atehes from Gea. hoisted up on the moantains by a domb-waitar. Hetion which he is charged to ventilate.But Hr. Clathim t>)people'shas judged that his instructions wearth. In which he planted acarious rose toampton and Asplnwall andThomas, with passen- cers for thiscity.Is elected13th, and Cowes at II P. M. on the 14(h lost.,Cape Rai^ at 8 P. M.tercepted by the Newa Yacht of tbe Mew-Yoik im»- cialed Press. The Aroge has 965 paseengei* ead Wt tons of freight for New-York, and reports karliv ex-leidvanee in tke Btnk sf af Diieoint.St. Jems, N. F., 8atard^, Nor.M4|day'sitation, and ha', believed that his lunexibiiity in the mat- v^as well versed in the pretty Roman aufirjsa can- inst, h^ nut yet arrived. An extra steaiaer sent government, which was inaugurated by the Vigilance*'ter is of more value than to give his Gcvernment an op- ceit, and so overturning the box, found much under down ftiax St. Thomas reports that she had not Comaiitlee of 1834, has lieea ladursed, and the majori-portunity upon reflection, and in view of ail the sacil- the rose" to Interest them. A Carthagena paper reached Hm latter port when sbe left, so the aeeident ties just given are larger than ever before.fices already made by Peru, to resolve upon continu-ing to cultivale " 1th this nation the friendly relations promises to publish some of the letters, which, it must have been t>etween SonthaTipton and St, David and Mosss Absaus and J. EsLmo, merchants,yesterday,where she was!••youIgnatius Myers,fiom the length of the route wuuld not be feasible fur Stephen H. Scott, Juhu Tyce, Charles W. Merritt, a road. In the meantime it was ascertained that Moa- ^ iiilam Dawson, George Flurnan, Isaac Johnson, W. Fiicno, C. A. CoflTmau, J. Caldwell, Dr. Robe, H. 1*. Gould, M.Stone, Frank Stevens, R. Chancey, Mrs.uill lie most Ospiha writes to Axbolxda consumedly.the steamer Himora, which sailsd for Panama on the 10th insU; lion. J. F. Benjamin, lion. Reverdy Johnsonand Miss Travis, Wise, U. S. A., and wile. Majorilun. Wm. M. Gwm, lloo. £. D. Baker, Cait Jordan, U. S. A., and family; Lieut. J. How- aid, 0. S. A.: W. B. FarwcU, Capi. Floyd Jones, U.aletteragainstly relied upon, writes mc as followsand favorsmatter, that Peru has justice on her side, the prlnci- ought to appoint. According to other letters of Osn- betweenspeclally yours, will allow, iu this grave anattemptwas on marchingdelicateand practice of international right, and that shegiaessexhibitf d a spirit of equity and barmonv, and willadmit that Government Is clear of the respon^iolli- my1y for the suspension of Diplomatic relations wliich LIB Eicellency, Mr. Clat, has Insisted on.I have the honor to tender to tc, *c."and as both ourselves and our correspondent have so often stated ihe whole question to our readers, we may be excusedfor not publishing it.Army SAxe-Ku-Lnrtm had aFeU^, wkeiaPresidency,Aebouda,**Youset it down as certam tliat thederstanding. The Alliedforee to defaad Lord Eloih was to follow the troope, Sept. D.KA, dated Oct 1, the federal troops cannot make anyChiriquiDolce,hisprovedlargettw eity»hcadmsy against the guerrillas of BoyacaandSantan-S. A J. ;der—Gen. who was sent toward tlie coast Baictito,with too men to assist in putting down the revolu- tionists in llagdalena and Bolivar, has been re-pallcd to Bogota to defend the capital, which has only 1,5C0 men imder arms—the second division, com-pointed ott to find some other route, traversing a largetract of country cut up by many streams, but which Jciume Laubrie. G. M. Priaile,The reachedYangTain-YehontbelOih. The armyare df and cannot be moralized, almost dissolved,road expeditionment had received ofiBcial dispatches from China tiMtPosada,hesays,son and Mr.;Dr. Page, Dr. Peier Newklrk, Capt. Du- u out. Mrs. Mary Ann Grant, Mrs. Duryee andtwo children, C. Bartier, and 215 others in the steerage.The Oatward Baand Feny Exprcaa.had been concladed atsnd French Ambassadora and the Emperor ot China, Lnt it was generally believed that Government woold not withhold sach intelligence.ENGLAND.Tbe Bank of England had raised its rateof diseaoBtin consequence of the withdrawal of £NO,OH> far Ma Bank of France, which was to be followed by £X»,'into Cundlnamaria, in ;25,mountains,to vthich he was elected a since yearSteamship Arabia,Antiegnla,that Gens. Posada, Ehao and PAais, the only capable military chiefs the Government has in the interior,stopped entrance,Vv iih ttie exception uf some vessels which ha (revolutionists chased .\sbole-noyance duringthecomingever, ublains that theda'b force close up to Saiiu Marta,taken the town from him had not the captaiu of the inevitable Catirnua warnejd them net to lire upon it, as they might destroy Btitish property.One of Ihe Carthagena publications says that thecargo of the American brigantlne tViatArop has beennewsto" en " the Government authorities at Santa bargoed bypoundsBristol Bay, with 45S barrels sperm, 17,^35 barrelsMalta, and tHo-ttiirds of the cargo appropriated to DefeatoT soldtothe^e'-pie.lelstomake In the port been lorn eachengaged iprivate twheel, and she had to throw out to-day fiftycopper ingots from the Wyandotte, i-rd hfty-clphtBoaiwKX tha Kicveiiul Regiment, Col. Hoxia. ;Sixn -ninth Regiment, LieuU-Col. RoBaar Nooan il.e Seventy-ninth Regiment, Col. MoLiAar—aadtheThe steam-corvette -Vuri-a-left Panama on the lah tor Callao ti Uke gress, cruise-sh^ :„Mr. Auan, tbe IndeotuTlne ajtentg<ia«»charge ofsioB of diplomatic Intereourte between PerCOMHERCIAL.will IfevUadtothneTbe (neetlhgs.meaofoarCityjiM, ..;.Untintuadtled Documenthe;may practicalto route for a railroad across the IsthmusWhen nigh about a mile into it,,Addldonal by the Feny BzpiSt. JoBzru, Mo., Friday, Nov. 23, I860.ceeded to eater it.they earae to almost perp ndicular moantains of 5,010Recent Eiigiish advices baveImproved;AKainstCtacta.TheFrenchman got through to Bogota all right and adopt- qiiral railroad for taking people up stairs," at tiie Express, which arrived tiere this eveninged an ingenious ruse to get back with his papers. Placing Ids documents in a n-ine-box, be filled it withSas FaAMoisco, Saturday, Nov. 10, 1860. The entire reform ticket for o^The which RteamaWpAra/ro,left Havreen4k«wldch he took to be Ibe aivl then start- summit,D. W. Connelly. H. Woodraff, LieuL J. B. Alexander, U. 8. A.; Hr. Slarboroogh,andwhose irreso- at the last news from him, hoping to still find a lower do.; Joseph Burch, do.; w. West, do.; Mr. Snyder,up as a complete failure, he was at or near that pointAriiiy.emotes t probability of success." do.; £. Koblnson, J. H. Hunt,thewife Harding, John Roberts, Mis. Helen Telden and in- fant, J. H. Duncan, wl'e and family; Henrietta Tll- inan and two infaiit; L. C. Barune, Juo. Harbin, J. Harbin. B. Harbin, Jauies Ilarrlgan, John MIchell, J.O. Van Bergen and wifCi S.G.Randall, George ArrWal ef the Orerlaad Exprcas—Califamla Hounds, Charles Hounds, L. Holmes, M. Devere, Coaaldered Certain for the Ropublicans- Caroll A. Estes. A. Barlier, A. N. Grensebach, wifepeacePeking byEngUsliNov.The Pony Express from San Francisco 14th inst,passedhereabout4o'clextkthisafternoon. Con-six thousand votes of being complete.be Is less than seventy miles from Bogota. It is un- returned thus far is 111,818. Lincoln, 30,586; Doug- The regular Pony Express, leaving St. Joseph on thetrue that Gen. HsaaAx hascommand, gone to Antiognia, the sewnd only in pap- over Douglas, SOS. This Is the most favorable ac- four days and twenty-three hours. It bad been snow-hisulation and tha richest Statt of the Confederacy, and declared that he will not allow the Federative systemAndIt is but fair to say that the Government bulletins put a totally dlflerent face on the aspect of aflairs. Tliey say that Mosqcbsa is yet in Caucu with onlydlsUncehours when the Pony left Salt Lake ^^^^^^^^^^^THE WEATBEO.doubtedlyresigocd;las,31,890 Breckinridge,31,210 ;Bell, 8,0-26Lincolnethinst.,arrived at SaltL«ke,1,200 miles,into be overthrown, so fir as he can prevent it.this is equivalent, many sayj to an open declaration of war against the Government Party.him 1 nearly ,0C0placing behindUncoln. Thebalanceofthecount for Douglas published, other authoritiesingthirty-sixEngland.Ihe citizens of San ofLowerCalifornia.Capt. Dxct found some ten or twelvefrom sinking.The storm upon the lakes has beenaverage to each ve'sel, 573.'a barrels. TnebuncgfLcral average of ail the vessels ariived up to tne 2tih cf October is 157^.;TheIsland, on the Oth of June.ofheavy sqaaii, ^earCorai-mines, it ih-it valuable mineral di-coverics oonunue to be made, a liirgc number of rich veins hiving already been located. Tlie i^eatiier continues raiM*aud p.'eas-mttn!. The lead is being extensively opened, and it is the in-aBrooklyn, will make moonlight Daradethlseiibjd^"sidpthe a'tick uponfour ofalawo:theLegislature,andwiihoutformal hundred of that attherateof$3,U00 Ithasbeenis clear and cold. There RicaMOim, Va., Sunday, Nov. 25.have taKenor suspected to part,Brooklyn.Pbayer Hcitikos at ram HbW-Tobk Tocvopays10 the ton.SHIPPING AND COMMERCIALSas Nov. 14.Mrti's CaaiETiAS AssociftiOB^-'A laiige namber;Aicilc, tjceanSaiieiJ, lOih, ship Belviderr, Cork;';yesterday theyof Flfth-aivrBoe and Thirty-seventh piesldp.* i^*a>.ISunday,decrease Lincoln's but majority,returns willthe State is generallycount will tie required to settle all doubts, however.probablyfrom New-Sea whaie-shlp Jrnnttte. OchoHLosukH'tnt,aadwill leave the others, we Bight mention the Rev.;12th, snip Laaogu, Boston whiile-shtpJoktDrs. De; hale-ship Jtannett, cruise,wTrade With the couotry is less active IhsB.darlBjThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069street, aad were Da WmDiego haveUANllAREis,that anout upon the emigrant roads In the vicinity of Fort leaky. 1 be Captain ranwhale;with fivebut were unaltered jMrs.clilldrcn, and Miss TauBSAlJ., were among the living. tale as very violent and^cco.mp nleJ wMr. Htixs, his brothers' wife,Myers,protectionofevery year.thattheer of the Department of Oregon has determined on able snovv has fallen at Ogdensburghmeasures which must efTcctualiyemigra-Pots and PearU. Rcsiadall. of Turpentine duU.the 27th u!t.The whaliny peet was arriving at Honolulu, and theother ports of the islands Judle, says the taiynejfian ofrain, wbiih before daylight changed to snow. gale has continuedSugar,steady.the 27th of October, tHi:thousanddoUars. Theirwhomostlyresidepassaie. will be dae at New-Yoih on Moikday nl ht.muchReturnsfromafewoftheprincipalcountiesshow wereexposedtoilsfury. TowardsmidnightofFri-uf serious disasters to vessels which the donations on election day to the Washington day the gule began to moderate, and at daylight unfrom, which cannotvarytheresulLshall yet hearis of garrison composed onlythe tliere was also a su.jden and express arrive.! at Fort of wind,liu'.lftin an.l AUawe have jet cxperi'-nceiJ.The sh<ir,'s oi ilic and Ba,1publisbe in the extra before 9to tlie telegraph stations in the unprecedented rion on the r.niials must have al-ealy Ijcen '"iosed.army, iii-arms tliat antelling companloha- of a million men will tie wanteddays, Republicanitproducedgre^tto fresh conflict, which is t o'break out in Italy oy March nextaurging generalsensation, Tne illumination of San FraAciscoIaState Central Committee issued an ad-ESPXNOSA, one of the ring-leaders of the filiibusters, who went into Lower California from Los Angel >stne she Irs' txitri alienors gale,on the of the fortress.Sugars;;quietraw uncbaiigedcrushed slow of'available. EasternPureSpiritslowersales at 3Sc. tne demand for Wheat t medium qualities Cin be quoted 10c.®is additional news the following by PonjJarmgtcn,Capt. Fletcher, U. S. A., wife aud servantCoolies were deserting,tect it from the rebels, who were inaetlve.trade was obstructedwas rumored in London that the Britishlllll. Col. Lancer, United;StatesWalter Briscoe, do., Wm. Rincbel,St.route Is the most mountainous of the whole road.A BeTcre Gale and m Cold Saap.The accounts rece ived from vessels arriving at this pott, as well as dispatehea from the East, repre- severean- holed uniici the Ite uf Saudy Hook during :iie oast- eri) gale, and which were suJdejily caugiit on a lee sh'.re wiicn the wind changed, and tuus suffered b, mewliat. we hear of no particular damage done tolii'ck andchains,andjib,andreceivedotherdamage. Tne Fclii oner Jaxriiii t'ufi, iroin St. George, Me., t>jund tothe proposal to and relies on thetown,buie4h>t;t41b,while anchored near IhepSandy Hook,badfrcm the command of Capt. Dsct, who was ordered stiirek on the Stuueheap, near the Hook, and became iators and exporters. The market was noaiioallydicatingSouihern, J3s. 3.1.^cjuaiter; Mixed and Yellow, STs. 6d.a3Se. W.; White, 43s.iS45f.i;i°.THE STORM AT THE WEST.aUs. Coin atadeclmeofIs. dull,,through theirtreachery.now £4 The cold Is incrcasmg, and tbe and Bacox steady. Laan degrees.this will beLakeTHE EFFECT O.N TIIE LAKES. DISASTER TO IHE SIEAMEE CITY OF CLETXLAND.tons of ci pper ore from the Pewabic Mine, thirty barrelsThe First Brisado, umlcr Sp,ciE.ronsis.ing.otcoinuraiid of Gen. C.Erie.steamer Cleveland,fromLakeSu- Cily ofCol. A. S. VcsBOXUB-an Jonas peiiur, arrived lo nighl, leaking, with the loss ofonc Brifade, Prig.-Gen. Joiiie Ewsie, consistingThe weather f.o^,way to Union-siiuare, and retom -by tha.eaaae 'jaitt*toCre^ sat e.I.today.;carriage was riMtt-nn,pra> ^winds BMctof tbeperienced westerly BhaandTwo thousand troops were left at Tien-tils toand the Ex-Dukes ofTtae Neapolilans had entered the Papal Stataa,Theand if thebardmcot will commence. Fsasicis 1L had rsjeetedSecond Regiment, Col.Eeglmeut, SeTeaty.fii>t the toortli(hussar: ) Coi.s. B. Postl.t and the ;li^tid't. lataworks before Gaeta actively eontinQed,evacuate thehe commands the troops, 13,000 in number, at Gaeta,; To-pxus ThirdItaly.steady. Iwww.fultonhistory.com 