 VERY LATE FROM EOROfE.•v Arrival af <b« Princ* AH**** atrf «FtestoJVnafi*/-?** • » - • • «t n t ,Ein TSt. Joan*, N. F .mrs w 8ATC1WT won, MICH a. teen and fourteen, or between tea and eleven, not able totowards me, aad 11 Elngof Sardinia)J^TTsasn trtstewt'^«*T, ttpresi to you my $7*£Sand hoTrs together. (Bear, bear.) Think of her, Th« Questions on the Other Side of sod essnpare ber work with ours. We complain of the labors which we undergo; but as compared with oar 1Mb, hers is the We of the damned. (Hear, hoar.)"'Br. Roe- buck cited the esse of one person—a lad, thirteen or foarteen—who worked once three days and three nights, and agate lor thirty seven house, without ceasing. "Now." says the honorable member, "I oak yen,tan fcstkmen ot Er-gland, if you wiU bear this." And they 4M ret seemtechnedto bear it, for he got 2M roses in faror of the bill, and only *» against it Rrery man of aand Solferao will return note ftpjgaaaj^Batyrjiuwoagain will the stolid Germans be reeled ay fierce girts us M. Theuvenel's long expected despatch, address-In fact, tt to neither by < that Savoy aad h we will Jrte consent ofthe Atlantic.M course all even are BOWturned towards Central Italy. Tbe^cathotttan«?Kerepe are sartously awslting the astern oTteelSsesTregardVlbe Romagaa King VlctorEma, nuel acceptJth? vote of the people of the LegsUou as he aid that of Tuscany, Parma and Modena, but he added an expression of his devotion to tbe Pope, whose inde- pendence be was ready to aefend, aud to whose sove- reignty be was willing to rencer nonage. Will the anc- estor of St Peter be satisfied with these sentimtntsr ISBOther addressed to the French Charge d'Affairs a Berne,WRESTING DETAILS BY THE MAGMA.t he Savoy Question.W A RTreaty of PeaceBetweenSpain and Morocco.the public mind that a fares baa been g<* op in in honor Marches the laat accounts are not reassuring. The peo- called "B B , " after the Benicia Boy. TXM ludicrous ple betray tbe meet intense exasperation, arising fromthe arbitrary projedute of the Pope's government the ^habitants of Rome, Umbria and tee Marches here pre M nted to Victor Emanuel an aadreaa (soliciting his pro- tection. Tbt commencement oi tbe document is remark able. I shall cite it, as well as the end, which is quite as much so —7^.^.Zt ^!^ * * ' »faceas%aranu ry. M. de Seatotoitz vows tea Lord BloomfieW baa mis membertd which haa known bow to «.nettle tbeO R O C C Oor any of them venture to comment on the Kmg ot Sardi-nia's position. Ot oourse the clerical organs have their say;bat the Pays, the Oourrier de Pa.rU and the eonstitutkmnelpire in the East, oa the some ground aa the Alps are tosure perfectly dumb. The Patrie says a word or two, batin such a shape that it can recall it without difficulty.The fact is, whether we judge from such public organs asstill make a show of representing opinion, or from whatwe see and bear in diplomatic and well informed circles*or among the more general class of citizens, we can bat in such a course, but events are now progressing a so ac- TBE PEESIDKKT'R ADDRBS8 TO THISettlement of the Juan Difficulty.Sant i e Italian nation."Let the annexation go on—let tbe foreigner be at lastdriven definitively irom the land—let the Italians arrange, as it is but fair, their own affairs; and 1 declare teat, be lore ten yeais are over, Victor Emanuel will proceed toOur London, Paris and Berlin of April. The pecuniary interests of the backers of the Correspondence* two men are so great that the "mill" will be fought, though it take place in the parlor of some country inn,His Holiness displayed a few days since aa inclination to get rid ot the French troops at Rome, snd he informed the French government tbat be could henceforth tike care ol himself. But he has somewhat changed his mind since,fairs, and apparently with afirm conviction that all thingswill find their level without further violence. Bat it isremarked that when an habitually silent man totes to to insist upon my respecting them more than you did your- As soon as we return to our BMoatotos iof all dominion, dignity, and privilege whatao-go away to get a good dinner—not sitting whileriT*«ion a your wnoee. *^-Vit7 '^^ *esSotxc the this rectification ot frontiers takeTilZTZZ2?teg open ber poor, tired little legs for hourswhtoh the public were nottolerablywell acquainted before, quently de not establish say » w ^ - " ' r*>-but it completely upsets all their Meat at official soeresyto hare their negotiations trumpetted forte to the worldin reply to the solemn protest of Dr. Kern. I will not en- while they are still pending, or to hare opinionsfixedupon tee popular adhesion Taetithatitwillcomeoffbeforethetimeset—nsme.'y,theloth RometofindtbekinglycrownofregeneratedItaly.suscitation Involved in it, they do not disguise from them- selves the conviction tbat new straggles await France. "We shall have war, sir; we most have war," is the re-flection of eveiy man you meet; "and we are not afraid*of i t "Tbe Emperor himself speaks very unreservedly of af-hardly be resolred upon by Prussia; the French Cabinet will have tbe rebutting argument ready by referring to the case of Cracow, which was annexed to Austria with the consent sad through the co operation a Prussia aad Russia, notwithstanding the protests of France aad Eng- land. " You were the first to break the treaties of 1815," Louis Napoleon might say, " and you toys clearly no rightSavoy to an anectioaeto leal, Maiame; kt tovss to princes. How could Rfoil not dearly to tore yes, en- dowed with so much grace aad virtue*Savoy hopes teat you will also love tt, end tea yea will toon give a precious proof thereof by sbowtognat, self smoogusAnd you, Monseigueur, you who are destined to ee- Unue to much greatness, our chuiren will be aa eevewd to you as we are to the Emperor, yeavr gVorioes fatherwith no one present but the parties themselves, half a as I am now assured on good authority. The King c Na-INTERNATIONAL" FIGHT, dozen witnesses and tbe referee. Under any dream- ples wss to iuruisb the Eternal City with a sufficient num- ber of troops to keep the people quiet But it seems Mattalking be is only seeking to augment his power of con- selves " The cry ot "stop thief" comes with sa 111 grace cealment; snd lew believe the Emperor says what hewewlUtsstestom ring with the shout a Fne VBrnperew;as*stances It is intended tbat the affair shall be conducted upon due reliecuon Francis II came to the conclusion thatthinks when he expresses such hopes of a pacific solution. from the man who has just assisted his confederate in ab- imperial.«•*.' rim le PHKO ADDBJESSIS TO THI EMP1R0R.witn as little display as potsible. This seems to be par- the experiment was too hazardous a one,and he now hesi- ticularly to be the desire of Heenan, who says be has tates. Should France order her troops away at onoe, the Soly Father would he In a most embarrassing posi'ion. The steamship Prtnca Albert, Capt Prowse, ar- come over here to fight for hie own money, and not to The King of Naples has trouble enough of bit own to lookrrred at St. Johns, N. F., on Monday last. She left make a show of himself. With this view he has refused a aitt r His whole kingdom is in a state of feverish anxietyThe troops you wi i perceive are already withdrawn from stracting a purse. Bat, protest er no protest, it to cer-Lombardy, but only to take up then- quarters at Nice tain that the annexation will produce aa entire addresses, with numerous signatures, among which; wis' *t«w7«?aSapirieFTenchtrootnaroU^vlnglombaJron tXtr retnTrmovementta rrancs; butyou noay tuetassured they wUl not go far r.om the scene of theirJWe riseptur le plupart Ventre tUts la juste etpiramee d'un em Prussian diplomacy ate a terrible flatter. Not that it ooa- al tetoatbesaiaetbmTttttlg! £ £ s 2 , * <..and then don't rewe tay,'what. aternrribiileenight's work we have bad" Ik laigh.) Well, then, think o.'the poor child between thir-ment avxpuistemea representee*aa Oomgret de Tiemea***'a work upon three soft enshtoes, but stand exploits. At a ssomeafs « * * t l * « * 0 « f J U S f * - amen favorable." The Montteur, likewise, this mornlog *aiis anything discreditable te teem,te aoythisg with interests they do o a jar opt* ^ !££.*thV tapeadbil struggle ketones Osaaai toatf aaJA«e i !—,_~J NAW that the annexation n decwea« Vm- nuil Juit aux emmuMcaticn*adr/tfiet par mmpmccrnM-John Russell, giving so account ot his conversation with M. de -JcnJeaiti ch the IsfsxT (sMftwa, ale tofewn thesparkofhumanitymostrejoicethatthemeasureistobe fearnet Bewill,withhistwentythousantmercenaries, andbittermourningsthathareissuedfromthattempleteefirststopsyoutakeharetodtoanytangibleresult Ittolikediscussing yourmostprivateaffairslathemarket, rj a TO ;DatThe Diplomatic Settlement of **tneBajersandHecnan"miQ" Istakingsuchahold of attacktheLegations,andwillbringabout a mostfearful state of anarcby and confusion. From Uaorta and theofMammon, tbe Bourse, hare been quite heartrend-ing. «Peace! peace!" is the cry; "when will our place, or discovering roar hand at cards to your adversa- aton shown aaoongj on at tee w*e of aeesttwatkns turn on the mistaken identity of Mr. Benjamin Bobbin tor W*. veritable "B R" of Benicia. It is said that half of the House of Peers and as many of the Com-Emperor let us, as be promised, sit every msa under his own rise and his own fig tree*" and, unquestionably, the gorgon head at war seems forever mocking and jibing the unhappy .Agent de Charge as be steps forth to perform his wonted daily labor. It to observed also that with respect to what has token place to Centra Italy, notwithstanding the hundreds ot leadingarticles published on the subject to the Paris Journals, few rally view It aa a precedent that may be used at some point a honor to realise all your wishes i^makeaaail Bfeiifcait Hereaent mons wW be at the flgbt on the soar ap- proacbitg Idth of April. I have not yet boen of Switzerlaid. informed whether tbe Archbishop of Canterbury or lord Shaftesbury will tae one of the bottle holders- There are vast numbers that deplore such an event, and wtoh that it could be prevented, but the arraogemenu as Probability of a Congress to to time, place and line of railway are ail arranged. It is taid tbat £a will be the price of admission to the ring to witness the affair. I wish I could writs on highernot constrain the wishes a tea » » > a u a J Z r ; J T . * » others. As regarcs tee political and Conner**! mL which unite certain portions of 8evoy te^aSCS? It will he easy, I think, to ssitary teems* r"Sire, en that so'emn day when the people of Romagaa attach th*m6elvts by their vote to the States of your Ma- ctt> . the people of the other Roman provinces (up till this time their companions in misery) feel tbe more pro- found iv tn< ir condemnation to a long and unmerited mar- ryrcoiD. We PTennt ourselves before you, sire, to de- clare that the Romans, tbe Umbrians, aad the people of tbe Maicbts, though not enabled themselves to deposit their votts in the urns, are .nevertheless piepared togive trlvmphant welcome at the fitting time to the victor of PaleuroandSanMartono. e e e e e ,e If, in tbe midst of the sufferings that tyrannouely over- whelm them, these people can only learn that your Ma- jesty has generously consented to Ihten to their prayer, Famc—AncOur CkaUengt to tkt "Benicia Boy"—Tktthey will support their burdens with greaterfirmnesstill Stale of tae Odds— Wkat On* of firmans Backers tbe hour shall arrive for taem to break their chains and unite themselves to tbat army which your Majesty will lesd to ibe conquest of the Independence and Ireedoa ofmeate.I bops, teen, gentlemen, teat I may soon <and more enlightened and enlightening topics; bnt we do not guide events, only narrate themfuture day against their Rhenish provinces, which may be revendupier ss the natural frontiers of the French em-The Intomnttonnl OCRLONDONCOKHBSfONPENCE.you bora beea the honorable organs tnerc kyou so many descendant* of those families who - ~ "-"* tribated to tbe illustration ot Freace in tbe ceXTef science, ss well sa a arms,teat everything soooart a .T plaining and justify ing tee work to union ition.ITetnan'i Cdcn—Sayert' 1raining—Cluap Chanct fornines—Select Character of Die Fight, dc.Since I last wrote yon nothing particularly new in rela- tion to the ooming fight between Heenan and Sayers has transpired, with the exception, perhaps, of a more folly confirmedbelief that it will certainly take place, and alsoaccept one condition, namely: that while all Frenchmen,as Frenchmen, are sincerely gratified a the acquisition ofSavoy and Nice, aad at the great principle of glorious re- offer their Joint remonstrances. A formal protest will momentous for them, all theFight, LONDON, March 24,180au M . d e Schleluitx intimated, to require Fraaos "to take DOfurther action tn the matter without calling a confe- rence a the European Powers," and it was of tbe highest importance for them to prevail upon England to join themxl #n,"&****and excitement, which tbe foolish severity of bis police0*1way on Saturday, the 31at a l t Her news is one thousand invitations of every description which have been may at any moment cause (<" break out into open rebellion. Emperor's pleasure. The words ot M. de Lamerdne, In fare a our country, what*/er may betes determinate*week later than that by the Niagara.The mails by the Niagara reached this city early• a Tuesday morning. Our despatches by her girooffered him, and has set himself determinedly at work to The London journals pub'U i a oorrespondenoe from the 1847. are quoted by tbe Fatrie to give additional r.-.ei to which have hitherto presented at least the outward ap- a tee Ktag under the grave circumstances wntoa mas a prepare himself to win if poauble. English minister at Naples to h'S government, confirming fiance's new acquisition. ."Savoy," says tbe poet, "n pearance of perfect cordiality. There will be complaints dues bun to separate himself from the cradle ot bis tanV the statements I made in my last letter as to the nume- < niu tly French in its language, in race and its manners on one side, and recrimination on the other, till, in spite ly, Savoy has, in this solemn moment, daties and sttttt.I told you in my last letter that Sayers had Issued his rous arrests at Naples of persons or the highest rank and In all tbe great commotions of tbe world Savoy must de- of the ardent love ol peace really entertained by this menu which most unite all her children in one eouusoa - influence. The list sent to the Brltnh Cabinet by Mr. El- tach herself, from Italy, and of her own self fall on our country, and so often professed by toe French autocrat, line of action.ne • photographic rlew of afikirs in Europe to the •'colors.* Heenan has done the same, and his flag may liot is precisely tbe same that I forwarded a week pre- side. The Alps are a frontier too necessary for tbe two a rupture will become inevitable. Meanwhile, tae pub to 'Those sentiments and duties conetot to remuieoenws,94th a l tOur L o n d o n C o r r e s p o n d e n c e . LOXDOH, March 23, I860.JsngswA Tiem of tkt Italian Question—Popular Contemptcrest is a shield, cooUinicg horizontal and vertical stripes.for Papal BuUs—Interesitnu Fsdt Co writing Bulk ifMi - —•'-"— Against Henry Till and Queen ELM In his right claw is another sprig ot laurel, and a bis leftno temporal power to the Legations. The prospects ofwar, too, seem more anl more remote. Public opinion exercise is as follows:—At six o'clock he I ises, aud alter Mantua Verona is crammenl with troops; a nume-"CiunnsBY, March 20"THE lirNICIPAIJTT C _ _ _aow eeem* ' to be settling down into the conclusion that fast, which consists of eggs, mutton chop, beefsteak and H a s Victor Emanuel and the Emperor have understoodThe Parte PaOU says - We fir . J * 7£ILM*L. -a. no. ano maintained upon the war footing. Numerous regl- to mix himself up in schemes which hitoerto he has favorable season of the year; that the transport had been acttogin^rSberonly,*' „"?* ^!^TM*I*£ineo>$taking a cold water bath be walks two miles before break-rtus staff (s also concentrated la that city, cimprislrg tbe Lieutenant Marshals Degenfeldt, Lederer, Wernhardt, M-tzz.ui and Siaiion, besideson* another from the start, and that this is the way they other nutritious food. He then rests till ten o'clock, a number of generals of brigale ani colonels; allhare taken to bring about certain results, to wit, the BnowTatlnn of Nice sad Ssvoy, and the coasoli- ttotten of the power of Victor Emanuel over Italy. Near h/ #00,000 rotes from that number of aJ--.lt mate Italians, with scarcely one hundredth part as many for any otherr, show to an rulers past and present what must be , Jf their wishes axe thwarted la their choice of awhen he starts off on a walk of thirteen miles, whhh he does in about three hours; then, at two, he eats a hearty dieter, afier which be rpends the afternoon and eveningleisurely and comfortably.An enterprising print seller in the Strand, whose win- dows arefilledwith full length pictures of the prominen* pugilists of the day, infightingcostume anl attitule, offersfought very Bhy of. What plan of prootudiog has purchased at a highfigurein Hamburg, excluding oompe- deouution to the M» ai tte •utn*p •* the address and and fMsign next to the campaign by a seconl Napoleon persons who intend being present at thefighta cheap op tareffg provisions for this vast army. Tbe Venetiansinefg. the next morning. On ail hands one bears nothiag to Its prsctlcal utility. It was urged that in a mercantile elejy '' publishes a protestation of bet of sinister hints of the good things that Providence has point ot view no real advantages were likely to be ob- *v* members a the Council agaiuat the deliberations of in ttore Icr bis favorites; and even at tbe ruiteries ob- tained, as Prussia bad not the means possessed by Power* j six members of the Junto, servationshaveIKondroppedtotheeffectthatthebe- suchssEngand,RussiaortheUnnedStates,toes>> - DICBEE ANNEXING PARMA,MODENAANDBOMAOMA, ginning of tbe tno wss beginniog. r<porlunity to immortalize themsaivts. Be proposes to > Italy, this constitutional and peaceful gathering of the publish, as. goon as possible after the occurrence, a grand "shearsweatbetexpressiveroieesforanew pieu>«»*!reprtrentaiioncontetnicgfiftyportraitsorpa-10 tte States Is the great treat of the pe.-tod. irpns sad supporters of the ring, which will be photo * **£* tkt exoommunioafeu the King of Sardinia, graphed free of charge, and he rtquests "gentlemen whohave been too lot g exposed to oontnual spoliation to af- !t»ru any further n-source, and tbe other provinces of the empire,suchasOoatiaandHungary,arethemselves sndericg t<o pi'icb from scarcity to be sole to reader say maleHa;asaisiance'. ASafu'*er symptom of approach- ing rupture, they now begin to refuse, thojgh withoutYou may bo very sure that the result of the Bishop of treatM s with semi barbarian governments who o a f : ??COLLECTIVEL Y CALLED THE BSOILlAN PUOVINCIW.ihou.d he wm the Champion's belt, be a ill of course feel log Dimness. We have a valorous army, habituated toHe also did •• command and interdict all bound to accept them. Under any circumstances, he tn- ; victory, a proud anu etcrgetic government,and a peo- definite result. In the present instance common sense U,*- .uee proposed that tne Chamber should row 160,000 Given at Turin, on tee 18th at March, 1S6Usingular the noblemen and people," "that they lends remaiaing in England till June, attending the p'in | ple who can be capable of every sacruioe. A defensive absolved the Bishop. Tbe Sieie and olber journals had•era for the first years expenses, but should at tue same time ex press their disapprobation of the conduct of government to despatching tbe expedition before the re- quisite means bad been granted by tee Legislature.ViCtUH EltdASLSLCountersigned:—C. Ctvoca. President a the Council, sinister of rareigt.Allaire sad provisionally entrusted witb tee Ministry ot the Interior. 'G. B. Caausis, Minister of Grace and Jonttoe.M. FXNTI, Minister of War and Marine.F. S. VSGXZXJ, Minister a Finance T.Mtanun.Ministera PubhsInstroctton.jAma, Minister a Public Works.Kext follows a decree appointiBg sixteen Seaatorn,presume not to obey ber. or her monitions, mandates and saws," and if they did be declared he would "involve them is a like sentence of anathema." To use a mo ternphrase, .'.at sort cf game has been 'played oat" Tempo ml pewer the 1'ope has none beyond ihe city of K>uio. It Oa very important historical, legal and political fact that in the reign of Henry VIII , before Pope Pius ex twtnmunicated the King, the question was put to theopal races, and erjoying himself, and seeing somsuiiag oi England and English life, ai of course he cannot now do, while working as hard as he is, to prepare himself for the coming encounter.I have just had a conversation with a gentleman thoroughly familiar with eporting matters, and wno is taking the odds on Heenan. He says, however, that although there are ruch quotations as six to Tour, he can-war bas nothing in It which should alarm us, and if, in more than once in temperately assaulted blm, and nothing the event of a war whtoh we have not proroked, France that he said m return could reasonably be felt to be bo cboctts to crots her arms, and remain supinely a epeeta y ond jusufleat'on. As for the relatives of tbe tor' tress of tbe struggle, we shall not seek to make her par- bifbep, whom M. Dupaaloup never brought «•"' ^ e rTo add to the universal uneasiness, Russia is commencingassembled bishops of the State church (Catholic) tventy- not get them, and has never been able to get over five to a movement of troops towards Bessarabia and the south- fcince my but the tittle pr***c°TMk,n- ,J rlpe'*\I VOTok>* o f tte aihop'sanaortwocenturies,cometoholdacertainswayover andlayshehasImprovedwondernil.j.rjntneUepuiualatne LewisNapoleonanlVictorEmanuel ore superior to that contemptible balderdash. Old women of both sexes, blind bigots and Idiotic sovereigns, who arew/wl come under rts influense, but sovereigns of way force of character, as fit to rule at all,wul rise s : per lor to it. Let these be fairly unierstooi.ondbothQsMw***andProtestantswillseethattheheadInPrussiaaleel'^0jirriuUon Mdd^ustalsoper-Thefightisgoingtobeaveryselectone. Thepriceof T*r.B J^eD<>-b>ilit*jrylawbsatr;-a,nmepoop^mto couldguesswheretbesmokeproceededfrom,tbeflames fromstressofweather,butteeEnglishshipwrightsbore' the mental and political thraldom of p: tests and i—characters like toe Queen of Spain, Ferdi-tickets for the "excursion" will be put at such a price as a state^QT r ^ excitement. Coming evil Is foreshadowed; to exclude the "roughs" who usually gather on such oc- •** 'Losrel pait7 is disappointed thereby, for they feel cauoaa,and the locality of the "mill" will be made known ' -«ttha augmentation of tne army Is dangerous to theironly the day tx fore it comes off, so as to prevent them liberties and beneficial but to the petty nobility. Tneseized tbe eideau, snd ran op the cornice In- witness to the care bestowed upon ber construction, aad ifstantly. Assistance was of course quickly at there were some slight defects they could be easily remedi- to a Bsrope a question white to not ratoed by the amoi hand and the fire extinguished, but not ed . Tbe expense had been greatly exaggerated, and was not tion of Franca, but to a manner pot by the rery evaats without one of the footmen being severely burnt likely to exeeed the amount staled by government Tae themselves. His Majesty bat ossnteered that the moment about the bands. Nothing bas been said about it in the cucbies of Mecklenburg had agreed spontaneously to pay has come to fulfil ten engagement, snd I hasten, to cooetoathereworeleesthan1*0outofabouseofmerethan Napoleon,orrathertoFrance,thepeopleofthoseprov- ttoO. 3fc trawwtt pterto Berkley! The ballot will be adopt- inces are pleased and take every occasion to show it Buted in Great Britain tn the year 2000, when Cade the SecindT H E SA VOY QUESTION. tiontothe pobcy whtoh has constantly maptrod bete tee acta aad the language a the Emperor, we bad, aerertos-lees, to consider tee prejudicial effect whtoh asw arrsng*-a King—sot a moment sooner. Then Berkley (not Bar- this will not answer for England. Her ranting House of easyaPsrktoa)theFifteenthwillbetheGrandDukeof Commonsdoesnotsee fit to allow France loodiedoo. The ballot isaverygoadthingins countryShothasaverywidesuffrageanda verylugenumberof)ear, when the French troops were conveyed by rail- wayafromCuioxtoChambery.theAustriancabinetinraincutedbyhimlorMate.Reeamter,lawhosesouvenirsal representedtoSwitzerland,aswellastothegreatPowers lusionismadetoit Itwassoldfor7861.JVapoleon'sRemarkstotheHnvoyilnseteaelnff Diplomatic Motes of «. de teterstta.ThonvtneJ, tine Prenrh Minister, eke. Ittoimpossibletodispute tbe tea tea the1The Porto Monsieur ot April 22 publishes the foil ow- a a considerable State, pomssatog both atopea of maaIt m worthy of notice that no alarm was created when thing Ws been introduced at the Francan. entitled "Le pulse— the tear ot seeing dismembered to favor of Switser-and Sardinia to settle amicably a matter that regards only them; so discussions of a moat vexing nature for the country are kept up, to the disgustWorksareabout tobecommenceddlreetlyforthepur-pose ot rendering the Champs FJysees truly nometblnrsimilar to oar notions ot a Garden ot Paradise. Thewhole of tberightside ot the avenue leading from teePlace de la Concorde is te be laid out to gardens terraces charged to present to has Majesty the addresses at their Sardinia acquires an importance wusca it could not ne** fountains son beautiful parterres. A theatre which is fellow -citizen s oa the subject ot tee annexation ot Save./. when that kingdom hardly counted 4,000,SOS seels, see near to tbe Cirque Imperial, called the Bouliee Pansieone Tee Empress aad the Prince Imperial were present a wee,toeotttoson,netoby s great aamker • ' G * r « , _ totobe demolished, aad s more suitable one erected in tee reception. tiocs, to be external to tee I^ntasuto. With a eevstope-ibattbeneutralityofthatpartofSavoyought to bere-' speced By the passage of tee French troops that nau- £'£t t y !?, o p e a , yT l *a M *1 ' contrary to tee treaties ofLoftos, the EDglish Ambassador at Vienna I recount«i•*»T»«*s*^°n4the hitie knot of pohttctaos knewn ai Prussia, Belgium becoming the property of France, and to Turin. The King coolly handed tee document to tee sanostMltbe slightest Interest in it. then they quake for themselves, with the same insane Council of State, and there, for the present, ends thewoteis; bat here la England they do not want it, Toe•bole enter Is a too bonds of a few of the smallest orsmall beer politicians tn and out of Parliament. Tones arethe great lights of the nineteenth century, who were ex of even the English journals. Bat this doss not stop tbe pecting to bring republican measures into this monarchy; HoTsemanns, Peels sad such fry; they, like the war horse,ing account of tee reception by the Emperor of the depu- Alps,to an event a tee tognest gravity ws* regard te tae tattoa a the provincial councillors ot the principal towns security a our fron&ra. The geograptuoal .ea^aoierbox a majority of between one and two honored showed a smell the battle afar off. They see the Rhine torn from mat. It is now reported here that a formal excomsaaai- wwtnlouble opposition, white not a member of Parliament cation of Kmg Victor Emanuel has been sent by tee FopsThe President ot the deputation, Count Grefie de Belle- ment which must nearly triple Its population aad as •»-> a* a passes, will work quite a revola- fears they hare so often and so ludicrously betrayed bugbear. Truly the days of priestly power are•*"• of wtomphe tee create Tbe agitated state a the political atmosphere has leftIt will drop where there hare : but a single one, or i win be aide! tode te create of Paris.during the last few yean. The consequences of such a coarse of conduct are inevitable. Germany takes the and Par- alarm and thinks seriously that she Is menaoed.anaso r, MiJ- a feeling of unnecessary uneasiness has been raised. Tae * will' Emperor NspoleoB is pledged to.the French people, that inaway, and common sense and reason are fast down bigotry and superstition.^IMPORTANT POSTSCRIPT.near the footllghta. One of tee obortaers at onoe reahed hot* to our oouatry tea she was about to be called to orams^ courses of »tefnatiocal potnj.j^f^T-tae correct, which I believe it is:_r*e Swiss gtmrnme* it forward sad crushed out Urn ire, bet her sgaanrw was so ma kt part of the great French iamity with the assent a any period has assumed gratitude and sentiment ss wm, who paywould by annexing Savoy protect his frontiers, nod heEdaughter to her borne, no longer a girl, but a lovely tobe. eae tbe municipal coandltors of tee principal townstl ng tbe eventual scrottwioa to the throne «*8*""'iai, later, when tee suootesioe a Austria wss to ^a^^i combinations hsve toen dtornssed whtobi «**•*"_-£ possersions of Plecimool to Italy ani gave &««»£** Lcmbardy, sometimes o*b*r couugooiS *£**!£*Lombirdy, but forsooth, because Sardinia is acting in reliance upon some great Power at whose in- a f i g g sad Nice, the alarmists at once predict no end stigation the act was undertaken.ss gracefully written as it is admirably played. The links ot everj description. all, iadtosied by the nature of thiege *M-hhto p«ac«t—ggBJP consequences. Ail ibis is but the result of atee Alpt* At divers aarieda of history for the ion » » ' lor lire. Accidentally a are at the oonveot returns kie earnest prayer to shield our country from snob a mlafor- centuries, especially wb.n there was a ootaom» •"w^ltoe.ul»eate^B*ssteraafarorahtes|*aed to tee Imperial ministers at foreign courts, as aleethem whtoh tbey arc a a able to aa up to, aad whtoh, dots net cede to a spirit ot sjaueooneiaf1 therefore, at some future moment they may think advna- feolunpon this adjunction ofThe money market is, ot course, very sensitive. Tbat ble to disown. It is impossible, tbey say. to pursue anyregular line ot policy, if England comes with her Blue atjKxtsiress er Vtonaa, anteortots torwas to be expected. Indeed, of late the lamentations Book, and betrays everything to the profane vulgar ere taem tee founded hope of a favorable exatlarge upon these documents, interesting ss they are, aa you will of course publish them tn eaieaw.JeetTns reception given toIt was tfiis prosposal ot the committee's dtat formed the to prove to ber tbat we have not forgotten all she bas tutionnel—it such relrtivcs are to be to'' J!« r*""V subject a Monday's debate, and the action of go-take our pen's a second time. We hope, on tne contrary, controversy tin forced to do so by the semi oP* . , ' i ? ~ ?done for us during the late war, and that we are worthy to appertain to that Italian nation which she so powerfully contributed bo create."lime ss ancestral pubuc character ' -emnlfied each would be an end of all puShe <r» * critioaed, therehave very generally foundthevernment was vindicated by tbe Minister of Foreign Affairs in tbe longest speech ever made by that most taciturn functionary. He said that tbe vast importance ot a commercial intercourse with the regions in ques- tion was generally acknowledged. It offered aacquittal te be well received.lonr m number, whether "the Bishop of Rome" four. Sayers, he tays, is a hard fighter, but he has besn ern parts of the empire. Tbat is, to say the least, most his lourth anniversary. \ " » issnsrtol haa completed tew outlet to the productions ot Germany, and the mer-once defeated, aud may be again; and be considers that omlcotiS when taken in connection witb tbe alt-ration of and already makes a * . **> bads fair to be a sharp bov (the Pope) bad say power at all in Eag- if he is beattn by Heenan it will be no disgTsce to him to f team commercial vessels so as to serv: as transports forchants and manufacturers ot the whole country were thankful to the Prussian government for endeavoring to open it The time chosen for tbe expedition could not oeMnd, eocteetosticel or otherwise, more than any be defeated \j a man five inches taller, three stone troops It is also asserted tbat the attitude of tbe Kus wriltoe In ridinr *lr attempt at reading, and even at otherforeignbishop;andeveryone,exceptheavierthanhimself,andamaninthefullvigorofyouth,nanAmbassadoratCntstantinopleissuchastous«preTMVuTM.Bta••cMudmilitaryexerctoeheismoetpre-calledinopportune,forithadstartedimmediatelyafterlath,aadfixesssecondvoting,ifnnnrmsrj,fortee2ah.fectly tmde* ««*usge is English, though he per- tee conclusion of the treaty of Zurich, and if tbey were to ruber. Bishop of Rochester, voted in the negative. The as Heenan is. Tbe tight, he thinks, will be or short dura- great ostrusi Tbe public Is now awak.niog ** {be truth man «w »tandseverything that n said to him in Ger- wait till a three years' peace coull be oatonlatod on withM. THOUVENEL'8 DESPATCHES.M. SB THOCTENaX TOCOUKT DI PEJJUIQNT. PAJUS, March la, 18SUMosnmca—The Emperor, in his speech to tee great bo- dies of tbe State on the opening of tbe LegraslaOw ssssaja, expressedhnIdeasintheprevisionofaconsiderablelet ritortaialterationoatheothersideateeAlps,att*aa nounced the intention of submitting to tbe wisdom and eqUfrom reaching it in advance by the ordinary means <^ heavy taxation consequent upon the increase of the stand- ofSicilyandtheEmperorofAustria—conveyance.BullitIsaltogetherprobablesaIm^enaeingforcesisruinoustothefinancialsystemandnationalpapers,butIbeardtbecircumstancesfromagentlemantheirquote,andnegotiationsarebeingcarriedoafortealormltywitbhnorders,toempoweryoatooamatontoateKxeg er sovereign was the bead of the church men, as he tion, and Sayers' game will be to keep "the Boy" as far ol the alliance between Austria and Rues*:., as announced , , ,to to day m England Kranee. Russia ana oih?r countries; off from h m as possible, not allowing him to close anl some time since by the Jforntno C'Srw^j,. of London, and ,.a Sunday last the young gentleman very nearly absolute certainty, it would never sail at all. So far from ue TuUenee on fire. Even while the nurse was in meeting with any opposition from foreign Powers, France,sod Uhas been only operating on their fear, tn a spiritual overcome h*m by his superior size and weight, if he can which I sssiiied you in m» correspondence eras .ue room, be had somehow or other possessed himself England, Russia and the United States had all promisedavoid it Nat Langham, the only man who ever whipped ant eeelesiastieal sense, that the Pope has. daring the last Sayers, has been giving Heenan some lessons in sparring.really a fact, having been so ,0'ormed by persons w ^ m I have always found to r'„eorr»"tof a box of allomctte, which, baring lighted, be placed in then* good offices to promoting tee objects of the mission. a basket with a lid, and then poppeu it behind tbe win low Tne purchase a a transport at Hamburg had bsen ap curtains. Soontbebasketignited,andbeforethenurse provedotby*competentjudges:teeAurorahatsufferednumber of persons will be present. I shall s^,<j you a credit Tbe bill authorizing this augmentation has not as to whom the Emperor himself mentioned it at dinner. On purpose with Ithe Baastatta elites, which promised a our explanations to the Cabinet a . fullaccountoftheaffair. yetpassed,butthePrinceRegentandtheMinistryhavetbeoccasionofthePrince'sbirthday,hieMajestycarriedsatisfactoryresultThepeculiarcircumstancesmostex- SoMoaaacta,freelyadheredto,oatettotwnsnttoaaa identified themselves with the measure. Prussia, in him to pay his respects to Prince Jerome. cute tee delay that took place to consulting the Legisia campaign fortunate for our arms, have established ta tee O n r P n r l s C o r r e s p o n d e n c e . view of ber troubled internal policy, has not as The Empress ig very busy organising amateur musical latnre; that It bad act rendered their consent lHusory was most irrefragable manner tbat we had not tor object aayPASS,March22,1800. yet protested in the Savoy affair. She fears parties. TwiceaweekattbeTuileriessmallreunions provedbytbereportatteecommitteeitself. Inooaola- territorialaggrandisementwhencfesoxeetoaeesforcedasen*a*Romnochurchtostilltohaveallthepowerheis tbatNapoleonIIIwillbevexedenoughatherincreasingtakeplaceundertbedirectionofM.Jullanl.ThePrincessslon,theMinisterprotested,inthestrongestterms,againsttoInterveneintheaffairsaItaly.IftheImperialG>lagittoiately entitled to.I doubt If there n to be any war at present InItaly, except that glorious peaceful war of opinion that has been so effectually displayed at the ballot box, and thai, too, from ah accounts, with Use excite waontiban osually attends an English Parliamentary, or on American Presidential ejection I have a friend In nary who writea that it is impossible to imagine greater calmness and dignity than were displayed by tae citii ;na of Ua*y at ton crista is their country's history. Tney soem so go to work as the fathera of the American Revolu- tion did, peaceably if they can, forcibly If they mostarmaments, let alone annoying him by interfering withpU of tkeProvvm*i—Firmness of tkt Frenck Emperor—JtaUmsy cftitc Great Power*—Attitude of Russia— Victtohre Prussians Is the fact that the whole male populationis subjected for years to come to martial law in case the Ematmtel andtke Pop*—Ike Inhabitants of the Romanmilitary bill passesModes Fdtiion Victor Ernamd for Protection—A Bloody The visit of the Prince of Wales to the UnitedStruggle Anticipated—Warlike Preparation in Austria States and Canada is now decided upon, anl the tmd Russia—Proposed Visit of Prince Napolcm to cquadrcn tbat is to accompany him ordered to as-semble stSpitbead. This vi»it will no doubt revive theThe most Important event of tbe past week has been Their Washington it Gen. Garibaldi, and if the sword has witboit doubt the protest of Austria as regards the accept-ship lived with him in the Rue de Cirque, and la now a mil- aiclt.snd had effected some further repairs to her ma- lionaire and an honest woman living witn ber husband, chinery.couldinpontormindhavemadehim a better Empressthan beautiful Eugenie.our own interest; and tor from favoring the develop> ment a a stale ot things which could furstoh os with le ngrtimate and pressing reasons for ciaimmjr guarantees, wt>toyed, as Europe knows, ail our tofioenre m reams, eir literaltenor,the dispositions a treaties winch re- servedthemaintenancea theterritorialciroamtwriptioaaa CentralItaly.I need net now advert to* tee i In nsnusnoat whichhtrve prevented tee success of our eflorts It is a point I have explained to former communications, and it wJi suruce torecallthe fact teat the necessity of eonjerntof. oureelves, before ell tSings, and tn the gswsrsl interest, witb the establishment at a definite order of things to the Pea insula, atone determined us to seek, to combsse- ttons different from teat whtoh we had fruttfeeaiy easayod to make a triumph, the means of settling the ptenoff qneettoas. A new sitoatioo forced Itself tbeocefor ears onourforesight,andwithoutpattingourselvestooppouso be drawn they will have a loader worthy of their cause. Parliamentary proceedings are dull but important. Tney nro dncsesing Lord John Russell's reform bill, bat they wrS| not com* «• * division before my letter is in the pest. Canted or e**, there will be a dissolution of Parliament in a l i « r ~ probability If the government Is defeated Iond if the bill passei, there will be a general election in is ready lor another war. I shall further along notice the Sha antoxon to inaug urate the new regime.Mr H. Berkley has broagoi forward his little annual tremendous preparations now going on in Venetta, al-of "The Ballot or Not the Ballot," and hafindshis though n was supposed that nothing more could be donement of the French troops returning from Lombordywill arrive to morrow in Ravoy. We have just receivedtbe reply maoe by Austria to the circular note presentedto Count Rechberg by M. Stelger, the Swiss cAerperisge, and at once pulled up and desoealed among tee crowd to offer his assistance to the unfortunate lady. It was a Madame de Belfort, bat she was so overcome by thewithout her husband, and paying repeated visits to Paris, where she was a constant attendant at the bale Mobile. The Prince has now commenced a salt against her to tee Consistory Court ot Hesse Caseel, sad if his allegations eaa be supported by proofs there can be no doubt that a divorce will be pronounced.Austrian AtHtvde Tvwardt Sardinia—Entkusxam of'the Feo-giving up tee expedition, sad appealed to tee patriotism ofChlcxknska bas obtained sa enormous saoosss. sad there the representatives, who would not expose the govern- rernmeat has been enabled to foresee, la hypotheses.is the Count de Prado, the wile too of Dr. Conneau, M. ment to the derision ot the foreigner. His arguments ap- from whtoh dstoxtereetodneos ought net entirety o'AguadoandM.deMenard,whostandtothefirstrank. peartohavemadeagreatImpressionupontheChambers. tobanish prudeace,a Mtaattoa aaatogoes to teatwhtoh today presents itself, we flatter owiosltes not only tea we bare net sought to bring tt about, bat that ws hare, on the oatUrsry, endeavored, to all conjunctures, to follow tee coarse mate fitted to keep it out of the char oes a the future. The atipaia- ttonsa Zurich,likethoseofVillafranca,entiretyenclosed st Although the possession of Lombardy strengtnee-dAmerica—The Pope Excommunicates Victor Emanuel—Ihrtalcntng Attitude of Switzerland, dcdesires of Prince Nspoleon as regards his intended jour- ney some time back to the United States. I am told that more than likely bis Highness will be in America during the ensuing autumn. Be would of course be quite a Hon, but the interest of such a visit would fall far short of tent created oy the visit of the Prince of Wales.ance by King Victor Emanuel of tbe annexation of theDuchies. The King has not only accepted, bat be has sig-nlfled his pleasure a so doing and Austria, loudly protests,putting at once aa end to oil diplomatic relations betweenOBderStand Palmerston intends to appeal to the country; Sardinia and herself, and showing by her attitude that she commenced tbe evacuation of Savoy. The first detach-The Savoy deputation are to dine with the Emperor on Sunday nextSome little excitement has been created In court circles by a domestic fracas between t te Prince ot Hesse Philips teal and his wile, a daughter ot Prince Char let of Prussia, sad niece to the Prince Regent The illustrious couple,k his unpopular role grow few by degrees and in that line than had already been duly attended to.d offasrs at Vienna. In the circular the Federal Council shock as not to be able to express her recognition ox hisSeveral who were formerly in faror of the ballot"withdrew their rotes, and wont against it. He coax ted on 280 in Its faror, but whoa they came to a divl-Here we have excitement enough. The Kmg of Sardiniahaving ceded by treaty Savoy and Nice to toe Emperorprou-sts to the Powers that guaranteed the treaties at Vienna against any measure having for Its object the in- corporation of Chablais and Faadgny with the French empire. CountRechbergansweredteaAustriarnssffTus her definitive reply until she had ascertained tee disposi- tion of Europe; but he reminded M. Steiger teatkutMajesty's gallantry. Napoleon has been rendered oon- epfcueon to a new rSU-Some few days since an auction occurred at the auction martofsaIndiaInkdrawingbearingthemagicsignature of L. N. Bonaparte. It was s little thing, representing the chateau of Arenberg, tn Switseriand, with a young shep- herd leaning against a tree play tog oa a pips, and exe-bis policy. To resume: tbe chief point of discontent withWe hear from Madrid that the Spanish government has determined to continue the Moorish war, as the Moors will only consent to pecuniary sacrifices as conditions or peace.Two carriages ran against one another on Tuesday, nearArc de 1'EtoUe, which ceased tee upsetting of one of them,and a lady tumbled out, net hurt, but mortally alarmed. who were married about five or six years ago, bare beea Tbe Emperor happened to be passing by to Sa open ear* leading s rery unhappy life, the Prtooess travelling aboutI have just ascertained that the Sardinian troops haveto you in my last letter tee mishaps of tee British diplo-now has no other course to pursue. The country in dfe- tatdtokme sent troops tooccupy (matomU mnd Faucigny- exUeme a the discovery a ber danger that she has as it rinmate sovereign.onto has been ceded to him, and he wiU take possession of This a, of oourse, s defiance a France, which is so daring since been unable to resume her duttee. A rery pretty One stogie anxiety bas yens hitherto impeded the im-fel1 b y m e n e r^ * »BtolteoM »<noug- upon the Intentions of the 1eobewTif i w T ^ i i impossible to please all, domestic life. While thinking of the possibly unpro f 1^Sd's^atesn^ea.PABS, March 22,1890.Anneraticn of Bavoy and JUice to Frana— Excitement on rthres, and was it not for an approaching duel woult setwell known perfectglory, out a e s t k s sympathy and safeguard a ail her moral and material interests.fremtbe shores of Lake L*man to tee ralleys ot Mont Ornn those who have been honored witb tee votes a their i feltov. citiitens have hastened to four Majesty to expressnecessaryforFrsaee. Croa^ndent^ "jfjf^f°££- not allow a fanettoteT^etatioos,J " • • ^ ^ f d a t A . rastmentto quoting a precedent of ^ « ^TnotoryB. urst—lh* CpurainPatis—Gallantry of Ifapoleon IB —down witb bis daughter and teste the joys of taneoentlieu la fact everything to to progress to render the, bb 00 # ermlt 5 * f ^ i ° U ' *venal resources, tee possession a all toe passes a tae^ Alps would permit it, to tee esse of itsmaking tt our adversary, to open aoot to twr territoryforcea to diaaurte to a foretga army, or by its «•"* ""'*-•^-T^uV .combe, read the following address to his Majesty :— ADDKR58 TO THE EMP1BORSire—In approaching your Majesty a flirt sentiment dommates us ail ; it to tea a oar profound artmtrattoa for tne sovereign wno, alter having been elected by tecare passages in it worthy of any composer, livin* or Blre, se many natural bonds, so many glorious rem! totality a which tee occurrence, however thsaat «•_•»**; I have just received a piece of most start ling infor sua deed. Mme. Penco, at the Italian Opera, when perform- ntocences, unite Bsvoy to France, tea she trembled with suppose it to be, does not dimmish tee peril, n • " t o ^ T iber of six pound snoss E S f f * * a s vast ease of the formation of a great Power to Central Italy, he lion which will ,*ily complicate affairs here to case it is ing in "(Hello." had her drees ignited while standing too aappitess when tee august ward a your Majesty gave the obey the most legiteneto ooomderatnmsoad te. momme small room te speak ot tbeatricals, without whtoh. S ° T T '•fli!* g ? * ** g * » • » wadmasas Prince. , . , .smoDgst whom we find Prdfeeeor Charles MeUenex a third desree convokes the Electoral Goboges of tot pro- vinces of Bologna. Ferrara, Forli, Maasa, aad Carrara Modena, Parma, Pteoeeza, Ravenna and Reggvo for ttstjthrough eeaturies a (riot-toes iaotvidaaaty i represented his word*, snd tea be did not express his itself a national btotory. a to nataralJhadeakv. t el t M"distrust" a the French Emperor to the offensive man-ner escribed to him, but there to no reason to doubt thatthe statement given by the British ambassador is to tnemain correct The Prussian statesmen are excessivelyalarmed at the annexation ot Savoy. They rery aatu- as members of tee great French family. I ahahWhen you return to yoor fellow ciUxeas tefl tbe South. Thetoastthey could do, therefore, would be, much I bave been touched by the manifeetotsetcelerated a pace that in ail probability the annexation willTBM PKiNca mramiAL. Madame—Wul your Majesty allow those who wtl ternbe an accomplished fact before the two governments canbe your new subjects to express to you, on ten ? fnwmfand Chambery. There to to be no dismemberment, sad change in the relations between Fraucs aad Prussia, the following document:—Switzerland, despite her energetic pretest, must biue the "In the midst a tee general anxiety for tea fwtera wei-now be teen in the windows of the sporting print shops. viously to you. It is now evident to all Europe that war people to belong to one alone. If their southern slope is Bind Is agitated by all aorta or alarming rumors; teas, it love a country, respect for the fraternal boars wwieeHis symbol is the eagle, bearing in his beak the laurel is at hand. Tbe armaments of Austria, Rome ani Naples towards Italy, their northern is towards franoe So m. wss stated tee o her aay tbat the French ambassador at unite to s secular community ot glory and ftufferiat the sun and water have marked this division or the Alps be- Munich bad already sounaed tbe Bavarian government as members a tbe old Savoyard family.wreath of victory, with the motto above, " May the best have opened the ey es of tbe most blind, snd one and sll twixt the two people. Pobcy cannot long prevail with to whether they would be inclined to accept a "valuable "Ota teat noble family be disunited? Ota her niinsassj man win." The bird's wings are extended, and on his feel that tbe war cloud, with its load oi tyranny and op- impunity against nature." Tbe Patrie, wbile compli- consideration" for their possessions on the left bank of be sacrificed without a motive snd without ngbt to toeAustrian military authorities are displaying a marvellous r a bundle of arrows. Tbe border is red, white and biue. activity. Quantities of boats, of a light structure. Usedbe*—LordJohnMusmUs'ReformBillr^ADissolutionof withironandmountingasinglegunoflongrange,ere These colors are furnished on the same terms as are those being constructed at the arsenals at Venioe, to be em-of Sajers; ttat is, a guinea each is paid for them, with ployed on the Lago di Garoa A correspondent fromeke moat rise unanimously, and the undersigned repre- sentatives at the Provincial Council a the districts of qe> voy Ptoner, Upper Savoy, Menrtonne, ssad Tsrmsawn * lieve they are fulfilling an imperious duty a rcsss*' *" and honor to laying before their King andsV '***:Parliament Anticipated—Sp~xh of Mr. RoibucM UponThe state of Nspfee isngafn causing great stir among theMurat party. At tbe Prime de Wagram's, whose aaugh-ter the grandson of Joachim Murat. ex-King of Naples,named, there hare been of late frequent gtiberiag* aadcongratulations. Prince de Wsgram, son of MtrsbalBerthicr, is himself a narrow minded man, and wno willonly be beard of In any politicnl commotion when the(livielcn ol the spoil takes place, at which time his voice storms in the Cattegat sod German ocean, tee squadron Chablais. -*ay and theWhUeSlavery in England—The Ssyert and Baton MMItaly says tbey purchase, with a like obje-t, considerable numbers of the stoutestfishingboats of Cbioggia. These, when transported by rail, are to be etatunel a'. Riva and at Ptschteia. Thousand* of workmen are employed night and day on the new fortifications of I'escbtera. Forty new detached forts are in course of erection atTbe Prussian expedition to Eastern Asia has given rtof to a Ittgthy and rather animated discus*ion la tae Cba n- ber ot iJeputies. It will be iecolIec°.ed trust inree men of war and a transport were despatched last autumn from Dantitick toSiam, China, and Japan, as escort to an em bsssy commissioned to conclude treaties of commerce with those countries, but that after experiencing severeDM stents quo yet remains In Italy. No man in EnglandaastoTsa for a moment that there will be any chance atafljor the Grand Dukes to resume the reins of power infaseaay, Modeaa, or Parma, or that the Pope can holdthe understand leg, however, that if Hfenan is defeated the money is to be returned.Both the men are getting into excellent condition. Bayers is working very hard at Newmarket, and his dailySovereign of France a respectful snd enertjr*JC against the cesmoa to Switsertond a Ian*<0f I*****pression , must soon burstAs foundation for these alarms, I may state tbat themtnt'ng the author upon his eloquent language, takes oc- casion, however, to poserre teat policy wotid, n-.Unth staneing, have very long prevailed against nature but for Nspoteoc tbe Third.tbe Rhine; snd, although this to contradicted "by autho-strtnge pretensions ot tee Helvetic Confederation- Wtstt rity" in the official Munchener ZesOung, such reports arecrime has Savoy oommit'ed against ber Ktng and agarnt sure to increase tbe feeling of anxiety and uneasiness in- Fraaos to deserve such sa tomtit?spired by tee dark presentiment ot aa approachingcrisis. "topeeeeaeeathedangerwhichappearstoftrcatoaheris likely to be loud enough. He is immensely rich, and, bad to take refuge to Portsmouth, where It wss foundthough exceedingly ambitiousteathis only daughter should tbat theflagshipAroona was to so deplorable a ooaditionbe Quee n of Naples, is by no means inolloeJ to embark tbat sbe would have to undergo a teoroagh repair beforeany of his wealth in such speculations without tilerably proceeding upon her voyage. The special committee ap- of Marcs 18, sorxtemformaiior ^JfJf^^^J** good security. But of late the tidings from Naples have pointed by the Chamber to report on this expedition com- lion of tbe Municipal Conn*' •. I***TM * tt»_,°,ub»'»; tho military frrscwnrl, asjrcll as the tro^pt, being pall 1'itn of roexcitlng a character that be Las beea induced plained that tbe ship bad left f)antxick at tbe most un- tbe meeting a thibody ' 1° £ t h , t tow?'w ft * a w M " *rr.fi.i8 are stationed in the Tyrol, along the enure courseol the railway. The masses of Austrian cavalry and ar-tillery are concentrated between Rovtgo and Padua. Inless than six days, HO 000 men can be thrown into Cen-tral Italy from tbe other side of the Po The only thingWhich embarrasreR tbe *r;striang is the difficulty of cb two lltrats (father and ton) took the tram u Marseilles from giving effect to any opinions tbey might entertain as 0 venir ot M a r c h 1 9 ttlsoneither he nor hie priesthood will pay any desire tofigurein this historical picture to Send in Shelf any avowed motive, tbe passage of the Uiacio to ^11 Lout clerical party. Indeed popular sympatby was. apart fleet away for two years aad a half a s 1 •*n*r. "JTM"* Whereas tbe result ot tee universal suffrage takes kt to the bulL But did not Pope Paul III. enunciate caree." By the way, tbe pictures of Heenan m this win- bards desirous of proceeding into tbe Venetian territory on from tbe Papal que ttion, greatly in lavor of M Oupan- the pe-aoe ot Europe was to unoartoip motneat wh-m the iRmllian Provinces shows that tt to tae general wan against Henry VIII.—In the language of a historian of the dow have a little Biographical sketch beneath them in private business, though provided with Pisdmontese loup. It was generally admitted tbat be had exmbtted a soon be wanted at heme, instead ot ' **•* teey iitight of those populations to be united to our State -bawagjtrifrdr- "* terribletownderjsgball," **<& ** »*• nayor which it is stated that the "Boy" was bora in 'Troy passports. Tbe mred Serdo Austrian oommissiin sitting gallantry and te ent Is hn obnixtptonstiip>teat ought to aistantexpediUoc, where tbey *>' eeteg engaged to a beard our Council ot Ministers, we bare decreed atd e> weed by hie predeaeMor*.'' And dVt sot Pius 7. etcom Slate, New York." tor the limitation of tbe frontier bas separated, after a se- have raised him above such lickspittle attacks. Tne by tbe superior forces ot Uv •<&* be easily captured hereby decree ae follows >-8am Hunt, known ^ ine •.auiybrWgO Infant," has ries of stormy debates, without arriving at any definite* whole thing, too,even tne part played by the Steele, was doubted whether tan mar*- •> •?**»*• J*»*7j » W«a Art L—The JEasinea Provinces ehaO term aa totsgrn snaxtoete EEttbeth, pretended g&S&of Englaai," de- , « « e s nbamaga, offering to fight Heenan, whether he cvoelusien. The Venetians await tbe commencement of 'ooke-d upon as a government prosecution, and many, many would contribute -time States a Nor Jkera Ger- part a tee State, from the date ot tee present dturee.Shu log this very woman" to ba "cut off from the unity Win or lose with BajetB. or any other man m England the ttrnsgle with the aot>t intense anxiety, the Lombardstherefore, who are earnest to their wishes for the re- toatof, an Prussia hav* - to the expenses of the under- Art. II.—The present tecree shall be presented to Parte •wfthebodyofChrist,"and"tohaveincurredsentence withtheexceptionofSeyem,for£100aside,orany sxti<ipeteit«ithUt«utmostardor. Oneoftheprincipal trenchmentofthePapaltemporalityareequallyearnestIn sumor3SO,roottw' •***dbt*>expect,aadwhetherthe xoenttoordertobeconvertedtotoatow.OarBloatersitbeir wiabeoof a government defeat. Whoever It is that ad- be sufficient it * -*ns demanded by government would are charged with the execution of the pretest daoree,vises these legal proceedings seems generally to lead tbe even a mitiK -^tag generally behoved that a miHtion-or which, stamped with the seal of the State, ahau be as- governmentintomischief. Oatofthemanyprosecutions cover te* -u*Ad*nalt wouldbeultimatelyrequiredto sertedtnthecollectionofteeactsotteegovernment,and. which have occurred here, few have terminated la any corup' whole expenditure. For all these reasons the published tn the .fcmtlian Province.foreigner icr £i(K» a side. It is no', unlikely that after toe i organs of tte Milanese press, the Perfeoenwua, tfius exof anathema.'' He "declared" her '-deprived of herfwotsnded tale to the kingdom aforesaid, and plenty of invitations to test his powers turtaer, aud accept tbe combat without braggadocio, bat with beoomteimiEaton of the match with Sayers. Heenan will have presets iue-d on this iaiporta»* subject:—" fne nation willpition on the part of tbe Prussian ship owners; teat in ques^on ' •"•"' ' aato« ajfiaslMpn auchm been laid down, of course I am unable to tell you; but tbat the Arcona was a complete failure, and showed great member ree* - "** w w e B o t to • • • * » , aad tee onlytbie I SLOW, tbat only two days sgo there was a r "t de neglect or untkufulness in building; that the expedition fused to as!T^ <seentmg tee oemmercial part of Nice re- fomille entered into by whi^h iha Frinee de Wagram had sailed before the necessary funds bad been granted ju»~^o aorjCJato h U M e U „,,,, ^ re^faxtoa a ha oot- bound himself to furnish a million of fraucs, ani that the by the Legislature, who were thus virtually precludedunder the pressure ot coercion. and tbat politic' /yield Orleans' trial bas been most triumphantly received by tbe extreme )y injudicious to send tne best ships.' " , y W MVictor Emmanuel II , Kmg ot Saraania.Cyprus^and Jen- Salem, &cThe Empress is fond of music and has some judgmentTbe second empire, in fact, sadly feels the want of a sec-ond Josephine. Beautiful she may be, aud amiable shemost undoubtedly la, bat toisls not quite enough for theoccasion. There are times when afemmevraiment tpiritu- strong majority. By tbe last advtoee from Portomoutetlle could give immense lustre to tbe young dynasty. But tbe Thetis trigato and Frauenlob schooner had sailed forNapoleon bas no help in this quarter. Mrs. Howard, the their place of destination on tbe 16th tost, aad the Aroonabutcher's daughter, who during the days of his President was to follow teem aa soon aa sbe had got ber new yards Piedmont oa the ape, we had ne hesitation to nfeaaagAt any rate, the proposal a tee committee wae rejected, and on the motion ot MM. de Vincke and Saackea a bill of indemnity was granted to the ministry, aad the sum required for carrying out tee expedition woe voted by athe security a an important part of the •*&**£***> Pe-nealovski's "Prince de Medicie" has been aa extraor- whole of France, haa known how to Increase still more eepttog our prtaetpel line a military and *****«*" dinary success. Rossini bas himself doctored teat there her glory and ber prosperity. communication The demand guarantees agtoetan evte_one baste ot the retetwoe of States.Besides.are these guarantees ceJcelotot »*£?*„brage to any Power* ore tbey not. oa tke eeoerory, -" and irrational as toforcethe conclusion that Switzerland Feu du Convent " It is by M. Theodore Berrlere, aad Is iand a natimaliiy compact by affection sad by so many tat^ewrmone of s just balancing of ssveitgtt, « ^ ^ lCount defttTeraay, on being IMt a widower, puts his Ibe provincial councillors who represent Savoy have daughter into a convent sad resumes his dissipated bache- charged cs, Sire, to place at the feet a your Majesty theear system a daeace at tee foot of tee a^srstra stoptejm.yoting woman. Tbe father is ashamed of his dcoaucheiiste wiheo to join iheir deputations to ours.tars—Your Majesty will appreciate the reserve imposednpen conopen copsutsteu hoofer, npoa men who bare always beenfaul.fe.1 s. we msy, doubtless, be allowed to address to yourMsj. toy tee expression a the sentiments we enter tain forFtanee newr_ wWeb Savoy will find not only grandeur an 1 of the principal Powers a Europe as a ° ^ Z ^ .Sj Undid Inpnrfinevt in the ChampsElysees—Lamarttui'tteced sta!L-ln wbtchbe may tears his daughter, Mde Mejeety.subjects of their later, oe they will oe oi your£?2*T Jestiaeainthecourse riru*upmtkttfn»y^stesneni»1(147—GmditumofNa- Merrlel.ayotmgman,arrives,whomhebagstoreatsiu Kitg,weButafterthesolaoftbeGovernmentofthe whichtoBOWleoreus,theascexatenefssrwy«~^o. sayoyarus u now here,Emperor.**- the depu-Jtejsstt, r*sp*etfuhy oeroy.aait was »e preserve a WtUteg topies—i^culahons of Ike Jftsre* Party-TkeBitkop of Orleans—fk» Prince Imperial Nevly F*mUntitled Documenttet fMssnv, de.The annexation of Savoy and Nice has ceased to be aIt is now a historical factla the house during h a absence, appointing htm guardian if tbe worst sheala befall htm, Left stone, tee embar- rassment a Merrtel ana the yoaag tody Is rery amusine and okayed as only ISooutd he played oa French boards Tte fnole may be anticipated. Hymen steps la between the youthful guardian and his word, sad the father re turns unscathed to biers them. ^ ^In such views, assuredly leas vast J * * 6 ^ * - thecountya Nicebaaalsraysbeen <*»*Z^l££o%.Irialaf tkti»jkw»f * 5ttion a a country connected witn Pianosbonds will snossne for it a new cause of prasnerstraaT* progress. " ~~ 'menteinItalymightbecapableainflictingonourernI vara ah.The deputation then banded te tee Emperor TSUSM* ** Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Msy It not be permitted to seek a > » «2 J ^ „Yesterday, thewww.fultonhistory.comf ref oureentary without evoking irrittung ratneixa>TM 