 Barper's Ferry.ualiy,broomgrass.For dry, gravtUy »a»—Agustis vulgaris, tsU cat-HiCkS fc B8TT8. Agents. MARRIED.General Saperintondaataf tbe Nei^- Zwi?t^h^^.t""TM'Ra'lway.byWm.H.Bogart,Bag- Phrenological Delineatiea ^TauneaaSrto that-as gard goodnal interference with theiMulted from thethe Peace, and that hisW wrTsoa"lrin'fKfat/aX." -i^" Question inacconnt Mr.Blxxbh»dthree mixadnMop \*nibwav sad davar, sad iha '"""iSTS.'V "^ oasids^adroadfaisoorot-a lestKeatnekyIdaegnM.Hmitareawarea-tae HfiJ"^^"V**^"•aidl«TOooatMmhiadvu«i|oar«atllaKw|MBlho gamTlje barker Bowfaw Bfiiektoe Ca^Essooctfai-WHiIAII AI.UBR BOTZjnt. VMH. ^•^aaonaionoswaix^A new sketeb of City Life, entitledA SUNDAY WITH THE FUNGUS FAMILY'The Family at Home and at Church—Phy«tolegy of aNEW BOO^voir wmurr the mamoh «nMBBB or THB 9mmauu railway »vsmmimnD nATU aho thx oamada& TheMarohaambaroC APPLnDN>S nxusTiunoDornaimlway ovidkooidingdi^nrn upon himself the contemptuous in(Hgn«^«n»»n«i»ntfcm of Dr. by Toluntarily inradingUfa, and whloa. DotIt liable to tba DoaamMVToS£T«taS. aStb.l, flrat-clasa. rapid and•40 SBWtNG MAOHIMB. SA*AgeaUwaatad. Offloa Mo. «• Broadway. .^__^__ ye£ion * 00.tiiaa sojoominf in Colnmbns, and wa dealt with the eaae as an iilastration of the oat-mgea and indecencies of conduct inseparable fraa each a state of panic as was aroused ttvroughout the United States by the °«fiair atfortartMrtrtils. ^ , forhgUMmtm Und and mming m Jmt—BM elor-.S?5.*"'"iMpravod.FreacfcToko greatSermon-Faogna'shortandeasymethod of dls-In so doing we stigmatized the part played by Mr. Blaib in the sererest terms. We are now assured, on what we re-grass, (poa oompresBs,) fowl meadow, (poa serotiaa,)specimensatautbpTity, that Mr. Bl^ib'stioDS were incountenance of theAttemey. The original rersion of this story, ttterefore,whQefaitbAil enoughtothegeneral features-^-oT' the case, did decided injustice fo the personal motives and behavior of Blaib, MsA tbe aollision between liimself and Shxp-giv-to the LeglslSSirScompany Mayormaking a belt'theTi^ Roafilways—Beo!^ nr%g*; VjrA^,^'^ "»">""Which resulted in the death of the latter, aspeais to have been simply one of those sav-OaiswoLB —In thisvariety of temperaments and constitutions—LItUe at but First,BZBD,on GaiswoLS, aged: Mighty at lost, by Oha'laawhich Southern men have not yet teamed to consider inconsistent withorder andBaxPHXBs, it seems, lay in wait for Blaib ata pifidic hotel, and on his appearance Imraadi-;Incident,TRAVELERS In refeiaMOage personal affrayspoa piatenie, poa trlvlalls, agusti* valgarU,and habits of reflection.made In Judging men's conduct, for the circumstances lHowti/B facts we owe it to ourselves as well aa toill. Blixk, very materially to qaaliiy the thets which we applied to his conduct when heInto small lots, and shifting the stock often from oae[It may, perhaps, add somethlag to the estimationIn which this romance of the Potawatamie tragicalMo. 666 o'clock.Greenwicb.st., this (Tuesday) afternoon, atlappreciated by tboae who become m«wcame to us described as a who bad spyAt Mr. the close,has become and bis wife has filed a extinct,AddresaFrandsofconly escaped chastisement by-committing murder.of the Genesseeasked what grasses to be found at the seed store, theCwmf8ElHI-WE£KIiT TIMES.A FULL SUPPLYON HAND AND FOR BALE BT raxSOLE AGENTS.J. H. BRUNDAGE & CO.,AGRICUIiTCKB AT TAUI.AGENTS, theto Insare awholesale agents In this City.mrw Btepfeev ADen •Tali Feb. Coluox, Monday,.Jones, 3 and 1? aged yearsrigbuYork, Philadelphia, Baltlmare, Wheeling. Pitto-•Tory respectfully, yours,k. F. CONWAY.requested to attend the funeral, which will take pUoe this day, (Tuesday,) atl o'clock, from No. 189 West 16th St.Kr. Ci«BliiBiBBarlBS ofaieadaws, dec.bnrgh, Cleveland,oinnatl, ladianopalis, St. Louis, kc, with Maaa and other information relating to the readleat means of traveling to and from all the rrhii la^ cities North. South, East and West.Xni.—RAILWAY TIME TABLES of all the Ballwaya•tynomark, then, further, that the " American Flaz- OMHt Company," at Watertewn, Mass., have *o far iMlsd Mr. Aiiu'B invention as to offer to the farmers to. tike their flax In the straw at ten dollars a ton, or tfitow at two cents a pound, the straw in the latter SMato be "broken" by the seller. This, it is said, li Biich better than flax-growers do at present.or. Preservation of Fa- 4 Pabish.—At Hartford, on Sanday morning, Feb. 19, BXBO Mabshall's Utbbhtb Catho&ioon. Price, 91 30 vored Races in the Struggle for Life. By Ceaxlxs DAa-alga. writersthatIshallnotdoanythingofthiskind,and any little suggestions I hare here made are at their service.As I am apt to be suspicious of any plan which has a look of hostility to the South, I meant to ask Mr. Aun whether British gold is not at the bottom of allcolored esgraving. The beau-ideal beauty, conceivedandexecutedbythegreatestartisttheworld has ever seen.From tke New-York Atlas.TniAK's Matchliss Vesu8.—Whoever familiarizesthe people with the works of the great master* deserves well of his country, Dayton & Co. are now engaged inforgrass. Itshouldalwaysbecompostedwithmuck thisTOOTH-POWDER.This unequaled and incomparable dentifrice Is sold byMessrs. Hegeman, Milhau, Rushton, Meakhim, Green and all other druggists.BOSS & TOUSEY, News Agent*.but this gentleman broke off' his talk and left the towntooquicklyformetogetmuchoutofhim. He cootdnt hare been In greater haste had be been showing the anti-slavery character of his invention to an assembly of South Carolina disunlenlsis in Charles- ton, instead of talking to a body of quiet farmers, not one ef whom, I will renture to say, ever thinks of Sisaalon, except to consider it a Southern bugbear tosubject of *^ liaylng Down Grass Lands." He re- marked that different soils needed different varieties of seed. Somesdrts will flourish in a dry, sandyis an exact copy of the great picture in the Hanoverianthis;arresting decay impartingVIOLET DAVENAKTpropertyAusoB,topic, is very distinct,and to this ef-and Ewseng Pott:President Statements ofMrrStoSSor the Cleveland^d Erie RiilaS^ Mr. Marsh, Receiver, and Mr. BlamSird^reuiEof I.ew-1Agent ork & Brie RkSinu-iiaSSaapplication subsequenttwo year* prior, that be was noi at the killing on thePotawaUmIe, but that be IL Mr. Riceibih approvedsea could not have been me the honor ofThejudgment and word towardthe Staple af Flax—always sore.Lawsibox, K. T., Jan. 33, 18S0.days.Tbefrlends and relatlvea of the family are reapeotfUIyBOSTON AND KBR08ENS OIL.tram Boston, Bew-t* Grass and tke nienee qf tht Knr-Tork Tftnu.Bufialo, Toledo, Chlcuo. Cte-Be*dlB(wu heralded forth as one of tke—Asusas or LucanAO* Errors rebttked.cotton. Itinventions of these Utter years, which, like theD. APPLETON de NOS.346andSi»Broadwar.publish THIS OATPART n. OF CHAMBERS' ENCYCLOPEDIA. ANorthern babies with.Mr. Gonu) also spoke on Saturday morning on the appreciated —frightenservants—Mrs. Jobs Woon and Mr. Jo-lowing terms ;bronchitis, hoanaaeaa, 1. An account shall be rendered of all VulcanizedWe Hundreds and thoasands of acres of grass lands are yielding but the XBMtmeagre returns, simply for want of being sown witfc the proper kinds of seeds. Many a heavy clayNo. «e ourselves and aan-st., oecapiad byare yet very ignorant on thispolnt.Baonsniaed by lirethe stock of both ooncern*Ice, &c., and cleans gloves, silks, ribbons, &c., equal toI noiice what kindsvdantly, and what is the nature of the soil where they;la^ow,and communicate the result of Ills observa-elty—kept the house in a roar.SEWING UA0HINE3. machines are adapted to Family sew-conuBon name* are too indefinite ;broughttohearing.I,growspontaneously andlux-tlias to his agricultural journal, we might aid eachaad which It,OKLXBBATED These superiorCHAUNCEY W. MOORE,-! CHESTER DRIGGS,E. J. BROWN,D. HENRY HAIOHT, SIMEON BALDWIN,Committea ofArrangemeatikorigi- of Johnsonshort lntervals,aad betweenof a Justice of orus; by mixingInvestiga^ with and undar theof kindness20,1860.usually pur- bat this Is both wastafsl and fool-throughout the United States and theOaaadadepi-prior chance,lettingtheyoungnext,held,pubUc|that,Smith.-In this City, on Sunday, Feb. If of consump- ,INDICATOR, shewi^ the difference of Time between the varlons elt5greatthey maybe lockedupo'clock P. M.. from tbe residence of S. B. Gregory, No. 117ClintonSt.,Brooklvn.Nos.36 and 38 HEALTHOFAJUBRICANWOaiEN.OaCO..steam-engine and the telegrapii, was going to assist soils part easily with substances which go;for theKnowledge People. Priea II oeata*REVOLUTIONSIN ENGLISH HISTORY. ByBobibt YAcaBAS, D. D.greatestaway. This last was to be its crowning glory. King cape and to neutralize those whloh arekamblad. Immediately conqaerad, snubbed la a that these principles could oaly be successfully car-Departure* gers to and from Europe.pasaen-In Broolclyn, suddenly, on Sunday, Feb. 25,Quarter^It aerved as an incentive to further experiments,wUch have resulted, aa claimed by Mr. SraPBSK F. The second source of error arises from one-sidedWaaHxa.—At South an Yonkers,Monday morning,Stale of Massachusetts:^S:> - csMaty, however, for the farmer who Is going to do never fails to delight an audience. Hr. Jimuos ^ Wmfio know each grass by its botanical name, for theand are 434 Broad-eAv materially in this investigation. It will be ne-been the characteristic of her phiying,as heretofore, Irreproachable and inimitable, alwaysing and to PlanUtian and manubcturing uses,goods.yet Nlw-YoaX,Feb.21,1860.thus there are half a dozen grasses known as blue grass, and another balf dozen known as spear grass. Such names onlyseem to confuse.It Is to be obeerved that those grasses that are themastnsefiil and most profitable seem to thrive best wiMB the oppoaite extremes of wetness and drynessare qvoided. thin soils aregnu liads ;doing enough,but never the bounds of exceedingHORACE H. DAY. ALEXANDER HAY.3Wjle«Vlniyour paper, a letter from your excellent K'the-'ftSSalne ^il.?''aonf HORACE WA.TEBS_- JihaRicBiassoic, Esq.,exercises commenceUpland,poor clan aieM percent,the better,They or* the tavorlteaOaaeMo. KH Broadway, New-York. Barry'a Trleapkerows^loams 190 flooded meadows 250 per cent,,the French Theatre, The programmeTOHAMILTON, JOHNSON & FARRELLY,Wholesale News Agents,matl*m, goat, naoralgla, spn^lns, braises,all ihaomatls and nervoa* disorders, externalpercent, and Irrigated meadows 400 per cent. The beat soliIvory, Basselain.for grass is aa clayey subsoil.The lecturer mentionedserved la down seeding22No. AuB-st., NEAGLE'S WATERPROOF PREPARED QI.UE.WATERPROOF (JUALITIES The best Cement In use forMENDING EVERYTHING. Manufsctuxed byI. B. LEE, Newark, N. J,A. B. SANDSew-Tork.„_. N. T.style.it a trial.•?*x'°*'K. Interspaces between the grow-establish-Shirta.—Billy per cent, also the very best that can b«by going upare made and sola by the Ives A BUtistics, that ihousands ofonly a crop of weeds. 4. Stock withA. D. in which my %ijf,t. Mder the directionfnrsatpihlynte.RoomKo. 19' on TUESDAY Feb. 21, at 7)4 P. to consider the bestten to twenty per eent below Uma hooae*. Salaa fornetoasbonly, anexamlnatloBi*requested.P. D.OBVI8'C**hDra«Hou*e, Nob, 139 Maiden.lane, USWater-st., 19Fleteher-st.,New-York.C?^^SS.^^MI^"hu??a?25^^, »'most nutritive The value of each grasses. exactrinora orened at 6 o'clock ; TSkees centseachat can be had at the par-mode of test- a fraud upon the photographic profession and destruetive to the progresscents. _ ^13 & 15 Pabk-SOW, N. Y.laapointnotM.,ing certain patent claims, which areon receipt of25 PARK,-p-alwayspoorest rich.ingby other kinds of grasses.that any soli will yield a larger and more nutritiouscrop by aowhag from five to ten varleUes, than Italian music wlSch we have latelyplai^These spaces be maypermanesit ballad, after the "verewitheut mortsl disePaes-e.'f" ^'^r^^Seh^lSaSS Kvena^tsuruecn»u«w"majap-When only oae Is sown. Besides, a mixed diet Is bet- ter for.* theanimal. 2. Sow those grasses which come into flower at the same time. The time to cut pass la when It Is ia and If have severalthe coaeert^room and otoewhere.SELFPrinted directions sent evevywhere, so easy to nndar-IT SHINES .FOR AIL. PERRY'S JAPANESE WATER-PROOF POLISH. FOR BOOTS AND SHOES,"&"o??if/w.'^feJa'nl\uiv/rsfromex^^^^^^irei:dy'l'nd^t°rSL^"'fn"t^;iebmt;'"wK^°5coowara^- dfarrhcea, dysentery, dyspeptic|mds flowering at different times, some of them willaotbe at the of nutrition when point their greatesttaoy wUl have to be cut. 3. The kinds should beUvlngovar-*M^owed.No, 447 Broome-st., one door west of Broadway.most of ourcians, and never fail to give permanent rellaf.occupied Experience has shownto ofat tlSdoxenbility,might unquestionablyblossom, youBrown. TSSTIIIOHY OF JUDOB OOHWAT, Or KAIfaAS.,up stairs, between Wbite and WalkerThese delightful Plaaters yield to the readilyfollowing aowmanywetmeadowsareseededdownwiththe appearsIntbeBostonJournal:PaiCBLT Chronic Pains.'Faintneas, Dyspepsia, Plabtxbs Consumption, Rheumatism, FemaleColds, Weak-BitTers are prescribed bypractLdng AJS-to the soil and the cUmate.one wouldan An- Feb. il, inrthebenefitoftheSchool.Theexerciseswillcon;iBlak this a too obvious to need pointKnlacoDal Church, (nearbut ttevltab^ Umotby and clover, which of course die SiaFORCASHONLY.-SOUTHERNANDAny mentioning,8tanton-8t..) will give nSrlSarl Concert on TUESDAY EtE.VlKG,blosioa, but how oMilM»b?a««ewfc«m everybody sows tlm-beingexpaoad,madeaavoaelaMlaaliisa.doabla-thieadandThe Iee«B«r her* gave a table,whleh he woald notto another,tke aallah cow* and cattle fattingA act is to lie singlefully acqu tinted with their practical atillty true value.X.—UNITED STATES HMB*sued is empiricalearly on Wednesday morning,only(Oovarltgeasar roihyof a Northern- trayeler, named JoanoH, caUapsrfMtans.batbsonlTOffsredit as a auclsas ward which be always matMalnod a pr^ooad aver-{be priTEcy and ransacking the Koodswith wMoh Baomt aevar had jay sympathy, aad to- .J'i'?*"..'^'°,?'~*!""'"'**'»'7too»wl«. Theypro-„ grass (anbeaatherum aveBacnim,) holcus mollis,^«*«rd.rn nffi^i"?'?- ?"'''''»" *>7 Fowler h WeOa.poa pratensis, fesluoa rubra. „ ^ , .mm on (A» Pofa-the seeds of ammophila; arundlnacra and elymua aven-Wo»iBii.9TOit,ofClncinnati,^*Mi»•T^b"w•8^i«,i.ud.Muig(h«"of New-YorkoTPmtkera with clay attached to small piece* of straw-rope and dibbling them lata the sand. To prevent the eacroachmeat of sands, dibble in tbe plants of tbe ammophlle at short intervals,Feb. Tuesday. 14,In front of theand the District- to lOOyards wide, according to cirsumstaaces.For martkf grmmU, and Ikm oeeationaUf ner- /ioiMd—AgiutI* seloalfera, festuea elatar, F. lollaeea glycerea aquatics, glycerea flulani, phalaria arua- olnscea, lotos m^jor.For pasture in orcAard* and otker \ftkadt fUutt—Amthoxanthnm odoratom, daetylls festnoca glomerate,durluscula, F. elatlor, lollom Itallcum, iollum per-tenne, poa semaralajFoTfentuaunt pattun Alopecurua pratensls, dactior, (festucca pratense, festucca rubra, Iollum Itall cum, lollom pereone, phlaom pr^esue, poa aemo-athe fact that the more wicked than the dissuade us fromBoard of Pnblloralis,trifollam pratease, anthoxaathuoi odoratum.knowledgeMr. GoviB advocated thesowing, both to satisfy the experlmeater aa to the depth at which seed* woold germinate, aad also to as-certain what of the seed woold c«me portionTake twoa«B to expect it would. On this showing of Mr. G. also recommeadea the dividing at pastures any friend of humanity.cifili)feation, justice,Christianity.testingof all *eed* beforeassaultedhimwithastoutoane. Bluk drt/w his pistol only in his own defence, and the matter ended as Shzphxkd had every rea-honorable mind as a to mallgnaat attemptther notice, to attend the funeral services, at St. Pat- rick's Cathedral, on Tuesday morning, Feb.U, at»!< o'clock.AaasTaoite.—lo this City, on Friday moraing, Feb, 17, Jaux, widow of the late Stewart Armstrong, in theand taolts ef mature81ns of thougbtlessnes* and headlessneas are to beleniently judged by the side of sins of craft. SinsoftheaUijby everyinjure the fame ot one who. whatever. In tbe estlma-yoathage.arruged under tbe separate of Maps;givingandmooted point, as yet, among good farmer*.since it was,heariiig7 The methodmostTheSisu-WxiELTTins,pubiishod;ish—it is manuring without a knowledge of whating, contain* the followingCounty,8forcarefully corrected to date.APPLETON'S ILLUSTRATED RAILWAY GDIBR is sold at the low price ofTWENTT-FiVE CENTS PER COPY,By all the principal Periodical and News Aganta at tfdecomposition and make it more soluble. Manures spread out on the surface of the barn-yard In six months lose oae-half their valuable principles, and in one year they are worthless. A loss occurs la ma- nure heaps which a/e allowed to ferment more than six months. During the stage of fermentatian, It is an excellent plan to leach tne heaps Into a cistern, and to pump the liquid thus obtained back again asL It. SIKGEB * CO, No. 4f8 Broadway, N. T., No. UO Fulton-st., Brooklyn.Inpartaat to Tailors aad Others.The Grover k Baker Sewing Machine Company bavaiBtrodnced a new and Shuttle Machine, snperlorCbablxs Pabish, in the 3fith year of his aire. bottle. Fob Salx at thx Omcx or Tax GBAXPazraxao WIN, M. A. One vol. I'^mo. $1 36.over, the Company are so well satisfied of often as once or twice a week. Every farmer shouldInCi-.iBX.- Savannah,6a., onTuesday,14,Lu-Consulting Park-row, New- York.ability to compete with the planters, they intend to use no less a water-hare a man, with a horse and cart, whose sole busi- ness is to gather up all substances oa the farm from which manure can l>e made, aad cart them toIn addition to the Time seventy fine Tables^tban Niagara Falls m3*2 New-York. Park-row,to the community at large.APPLtTON'S OFilCIAL RAILWAY GUIDEfor March contains the opinions .of the Press, naiaely. the Montreal (Canada) Herald, Kew-York Z^imes aad Evening Post. kc.. in reference toits manufacture. If 1 I addicted to " fine writing," I should utter a pro- imt against this tuming our fluvial poetry into ma- ohtae prose. I should, however, in^ writing my ar- tWe on the subject, congratulate the nation—for Ithe manura-shed foron grass lands is often astonishing.The effect of lime It acts, first, asRead what tbe Press aays of Daytoa'aIrregularitiesDiseasesa food for the plantsecond, it neutralizes poisonouscomposting.^7*1';third. It liberates the alkaline bases of theThis picture Is splendid without gaudlness, warmwithout aod brimful of the very soul of art. pmrieney,FromtheNrw-Yorkfjeader.It Is the best piece of flesh coloring ever execu-acidssoil, so that they may be assimilated composes vegetable matter in the soliTHE PRO RATA QUESTION, atthistimebeforetheLe^rtslitureoftheState,;to the grass lands, millions of dollars would bethe following are the numbers drawn this day DELAWARE LOTTERIES.Extra Class, No. 85, Feb. 20, 1880.:plied Ashesare added to the value of the hay crop.Ksw-York.:A KOMAMCB. \very beneficialongrass-lands. Apply260bushelsoncein fiveyearstotheacre. Oaeleadofashesandoneof manure are often worth more than ten loads of manure alone. Night-soil is i.ne of the most useful manuresNo.121Nassan-st.,to the best results. produceABxTiraLBB, Esq. ILor charcoalThese lectures of Mr. Godld have been a* reallyWitness ouratFeb. GEO. C. GORDON,quickly thebut the learned maimer In which the subject has tieen necessarily treated, has had a tendency to drive off some of thevaluableaialmostanyofthecourse;The and finish are drawing, coloringbeyondto the andseph JxPEEEfloN returnedFerall'diseasesoftbe throat—For sale'at Broadway, Barclay and Canal-sis.Rubber Goods sold by them since Oct. 1, 1868, goods now on hand, or to arrive.GRANDUNION OLASS OIBETIMG.ANNIVERSARYcp thxBIRTH OF WASmNQTON.to theirat this popular establishment last evening, and, bythe force of fun, dispelled the vapors of a chill andcatarrhal affections. &c.BUSHTON'S, aor.of allwhich would die out in a wet one and, on the particularly cheerless night. It Is so long since we ;stodakt's piano.Known all over the world as the best instrument trade, when his title is so established that the Courtsoil,csBtrary, some will do well in wet lands that will notat all in dry. Itisthebusinessofboth themanof science and the practical agriculturist to ascertain, ashave had anything in the shape of downright merri- ment at a New-York theatre, that the advent of these artists is certainly a circumstance to be rejoiced at From tho time that Mrs. Wood wltlidrew from the Winter Garden, the sensation drama, in one shape ormanufactured.will Mr. Judson grant injunctions against infringers.proposes to make nniform and liberal settlements with all who subscribe this agreement.growfar as possible, tbe best varieties for each soil.WarcTooms No. 601 Broadway.COOPER INSTITUTE, TUESDAY KVEKING, Feb, 31, 186«.taste. The prominent members of the very efl|.goodcient company assist Mrs. Woon in the most desirableway.Eholish Cohcbets.—The first of a series ofand attracted a good audience.Nxw-YOBI, Feb. IS, 1860.Nos. 37 and 3S Park Sow.of everything In the vernacular, wa* given last night atP. O. addrsas. Box He. »,«00.Wfeeoler & WOaoa'a Bewlaw Maehlae._AND EXPENSE ORDERSTIMSBy sending theirBoston, 4 styles. Concentric, 4 styles. Concave, 3 styles. Phiiadaliihia, 6 style*. Rim, 8 styles.6 Reflector, styles.Sand (Flange pattern). Sockets for Shafts, Poles,Express Wagons, Whip*,Whiflle-treea, Hames. Trimming Nails—Japanned,concerts, based on the popular principlesinglagfor fcmllles.— TTimM. Wa piafar tham for family use.--IVT»tm«.strong, deep calcareous soil, resting in acter. It wa* otherwise noticeable for an almost to-is theBEST AND OHEAPKSr ARTICLE __„Head Bolts.several princlnles to be ob- meadows. 1. Sow a varietytal omission of the composers' names—the singersthat their own were sufficient.OLEANINO. OTOL- IN6, pikBBBttojS AND BEffJoWNG THEHAIR.Silver NatLsooapad Top PropUconceiving, probably,Children's Cab,ment of hear a;be prevented if ?o4V8s"T'irT?ER's''sT?«i?HBI??k°^*''wSS'S:fully established yet, though Mr.ua and Prof. Wat, of England, have made mle. Mr. Ricaiaosoa does not himself indorse this TSluable determinations. It Is necessary for the wicked calumny, but refers to a conversation he hadfS'"clcck? ?5 son*««i snd'oTthe door.;&OLD DOMINION COFFEE„In ie«iiiig their^ naalla of their eiperienoe. 5. Arrange your BaoWH admitted to me thatn> Btarah CoBtiBaea"'*J!r.Tirffh success, in effecting permanent curesWHISKEM OR MOCSTACHEStincreases. They are BEST iSuse for serving the coffee »"<<} iailis,to assist thembytbewith me. In which he says that 1 Informed him thatDO YOU WANTTheiraroma. For sale to the trade and retad, atr* uiawlriTT »0 that they will tome to success- maturityDoTtx he was engagedIn the/^NJo»s'.''?J.d|Itstwdtoolongafterflowering. lothe Capt. Owing hurryWiixia,tothesameeffect.Tuls.Sir,tsamistake,soMy"*-^-•aa^d^a'll Sotheskin.Pricetl—sentbymail,postfree,toany Ar-k-B-nTintGREATDENTALlneb.^4Tffi^S£4flnished. HJJ-'«l*si*^*Si IMPROVE- pattom*;braaiaidailyersocketsforsh^,stock,LUXDRIANI"popularitykUling of Ivaly.MuchoftlienutrimentofgrassIslostbyletting In18M.HealsocitesaconversationwithLUoIDSato ao aixaaged that they will not all blossom at the tleman of Mr. Ricouuiboii's cauid con- surgical Intelligence^^bs ew-York.TEadiesTrVE?popular well-sungMEASUREMENT FOB BBIBTS., fc C()., Agents, Fulton-st.,talament I* annouacedforFriday,standthatanyonecantaketheirownmeasure. 1war-the cash to be paid to Expreu Companywa* lengthy aad varied in it* char-Silver, Back SUver Moulding—.>Star« BICHARD8»;fourth,it de- ; fifth,it de-WOOD,EDDY&CO.,Managers, ofthetogether be statement of Mr. Stone. President of theClevo-is laOIBBFBNDXNT,, _. .ordinary aanda, from 20me hi*far mlsapprahendeo me. This statement mdde to me !t•otMies^s^^Ju?L.t'A: CMr.",°Ve^l'de^stAJM ofEsq.,ofMerehanIapoa trevlalls,slow wllhia degrees,famlilo*. and most notoriouslyCrushing (Joarti comotive Crate.:—tylis glomerata, (eatueca duriuaoola, festucca elaof theirthen wanlonly matilatlng their dead bodies, was In-DIED.Satnrday aftamooo,Feb.:utterly unworthyofcredit, and should be discardedcattle onto Inform tbelegitimate quartersof seeds. U you sow only one kind, no matter The were very agreeably Interpreted oy the Ladles, try It. For sale by all dragglsta and perfsmera. Independent of itsPERSONS WHOSE HEALTH IS BRO- with a large assortment d TOKEN DOWN.-It is a fact, established by meai«lHill" «°i" "'*' "'* **^» tovLCh each other, youpiecesand the concert may be recorded a* a successartists,which will lead, we hope, tosUIrs. Extra tine shirts made to measure from New-Yorktheconcert*. It is a positive luxurysu^lt Thees»ePc«onrdia"n^ta^r^Harness Trimmings,Pardee Manufacturing Company, Mount OarmeI,Gosin. Factory at Ives Station, on Canal Railroad, 30 miaatef from ifew-Haren.P. P. P PARK'SPRICKLY*PLASTERS.Tiadication of JohnBro^ay,su.In spite ef snow, rain or salt, BuiKxao,.Pabx'b motion of the and body, absorb perspirAtionPatbbv thrflV off all the offensive cosKulatel impuri-DlSints and colic,Sral de^y. or resultingorup. piecesupon'°OF THE USITED ST4TBSM^f^^^kt^'-mi^m'^^hmSk'^^^iit^er, aaaoal spear naa, Kentucky blue grass, mea- tend to havebooB the bosom biends of the old man dow fox-talL to have shared with him the moat awful aecrets of hi*ImprovedFrenchYokeBhlrU. BgaUoo's Patented Improved FrenchYoke Shirt*.Missionary Ihis 1* the third of the article* contdbntad by Mr>Ftr cUnn isid caleareout loams and nuisnu' mL—A large new Hallway Map Hpreasattngthe In actoil bat also thaae in tbheaUcwouarysse of constmoepteriaotDl.ano,poo whieh wifi alsa be louod a map representing tba- SaHway* oCTexaa."•—Portrait and Biographical Sketch of OkaokearFt clafn landi amd mowing m ^U^IMJ—Wire- under bonds of tbe most saered private friendshipDrabs and Stone I>ap6t, No. TJ Uaiden-UneRET.STEPBRNH.TTNG,DD., Cootrlbnies hi* tbnrthFAMILIARLETTERONSUNDAYSOH<X>LS. Also,A SEBMON,BTRET. HBNRT WASD BBBOHSBs ONCHARITY.soul, andyetthayateamong tho loudest in eieora-notcairBuTLxa to the INDEPENDENT on the .'«/»—Tlmoihy, red top, crested dog's-tail, tall fej- tslioon of haia*emceremtoiT. They pretend to be In posses- wo^ojdr'o*r1bLr'iickr.?nDIe!c.kts^o"fJ^*-~*"'"^«"*' OuUide Work, ions and !oIUesof the times.ptjevallliK fash-cue, Italian rye grass, perennial rye graaa. which could only have twea convoyedSteamori. Iron Won, BallroMBridges, *c.. Villas and Charahes; apd yet they are ready to exooae this secret to blacken thenameoftheirfriend. ThisisunnaturalandIm-Idistrustall anch testimony. FromwhatColors. Sea;posalklflI know, / am ttrmmtctd Ukat Brmm nnier kad any per-Farmtr,lecturer would recommend for a oasture ? Ans. Or- him with being an " lohuman monster," which, from Mt West 29th- St.Riaais,petition in the County Court, praying for a divorce, chargingJOSEPH H. RICHARDS, PnbUsher, No. 5 BeebBan.st., New-York.chard Meadow Fox-tall, Kentucky Blue grass grass.and Foa Compressa.Another lecture by Mr. Goulb followed In the after-**noon, on Tbe Principles, by which we should beguided in manuring our Meadows." The soil of every meadow, said he, contains a certain amount of the elements of food for the grass crop. If any of these become exhausted, the crop fails. The ques- tien then is, how can we most effectually supply themissing ingredientmy own knowledge of the animal. I will very promptly testify to. If summoned astS" London, Eng., papers please copy.JoKxs.—In this City, on Monday, Feb. 10, Roaaar L. JoNxs, Jr., second son of Robert L. and Annabelia T.NEWS promptly throughIt will be rememberedtkst about the year 1850 a great aolu was madeaaacemlDK flax-cotton. CheraUer Cumsis, It wa< ceeded to lay down the principles of manuring. Sooanna Asxicci.tox»— Coatinuatloa of our Re- E. Luccas, Esq., in the 24th year of his age.readerelataied, had tavented a proeess by which the fibre of flax was to be conrerted Into cloth so cheaply as:to allow this material to come Intocompetltioswithtake nourishment in a liquid or gaseous form. Thu-d, soils may be rich la the elements of food, butIn a condition In whichthe plant cannot use them. Fourth, some AoaicuLTuaAi.—ItemsfortheFarmers.bythegeneralelements are absent from thesoil, and, consequently, of what manures are needed. Mr. Gocld here pro-Miaois OF EswAin Bans—Anintaresting biograph-First, when the soil contains all the elements of fer-tilityinabundance,andInasolublecondition,theyieldof is at its maximum. the roots of grass grass Second,to attendby the beys who *oMNo8.3t« and 348 Broadway, New-York.;sonalFm- bloving »«n<i».—Deposit turf at tegdsr aad icetomie, asd that, of course, he never told anybody day, Feb. », by Rev. Mr. Daggeit, D. ff.._, the bits of turf sowin ththe had. Hy recollection of what I said to Mr. Rioa-WoBTHnroToii-How«Li.—Inporricj^orKmkiUing of thtOanandalgua,on Thurs-""^I* FB0GBE88:Jnsareference to the Rallvamon thisfect—namely, that JoBH BaowB said to raa in Boston, at St. Clement'sdoingattention at tbe time, would not soCity.ingBlows wo*his best and meet confldentlal Mend* touching the subject, and may bo very safely taken for the treih, the whole truth, and nothing bat the troth, in tile matter.The fearful story of Us seizing five or six men laABBOI, of th& daughter Wiixu HoLxaa.*c.Virginia acd her JJprksbythe same madeby him to allof New-Orleans.of Delegates, by Thomas OeWltt, EsopredaelyEsq.,MonHt—HxjDKicxsxH—At MIddlefown, N. J., onTborsday. FSe.b. 16, by Rev. Lavld B Stout, Joek Mooai to Elxasox HXKDaioisiK. all of Mlddletown.Smith—Homxii.—At Batavia, on Wednesday, Feb. 15, by Rev. Thos. P. Tyler. Ciark ^mra and Maxtha Elu- ABxra, daughter of Samuel C. Holden.lY.—SWINDLING OPERATIONS -The Boardlnx-their beds atof their weeping wivea and ehlldien, kllllBg them byMalleable Iron i Caatinga:Tempering Steel fOois; lo-vented asdlying rascal* is the United State*ha* been doing all manner of base work for three years past. In this vicinity, for the Democratic party,City,appertainingaad getting cash. Itwasof; Traclnsa UlinoUian was =Sh"a»r»e»douiiaoafkcA record of thehis son In law, Fraaclsco Azoyand tha of Oo- Pacnltymetlxxl recommended is as followsof thick cloth, moisten them,Bnd place them oaethe other at the bottom of a saucer, pot the seed be-tween, and eover with a third piece also maUtened. tioD of some, may have been his errors or his crimes, Keep moist, bat not too wet and warm, and In a few was the purest embodyment which the country af- day* your seeds wUl either germinate or mould. fords of exalted aelf-iacrlflee ;be made between taolts of"sSlea'^aSTMTM" Yin.-A GAZKTTaER«»•'"»"'« <*«propagated byoae of the18. 8. Dasixlfor his wretched service* in hard course aelzed on by all the enemies of Old Oaawatomie as soon as It appeared, and hawk- ed about the country aa embodying the IndubitablepaidPedigree an ._„ ,'i?Si'Wr?J^'"=»»''«TO '^"~^?P?P'^''aaRetribotivejustice is sometimes speedy, as well a*Trayelers in reterenca toical sketch.ports of the Agricultural Lecturas at Yale College.Lcnxxs.—In Brooklyn, on Monday, Feb. 30, Ohaals*wns Iiait—Report of the Italian meet- ing held at the City Assembly Rooms—Speeches and Letters.kaScBOOiiMAXix—In Brooklyn, on Sunday, Feb. U, QO vastly in tbe progress of this alarmingly progressive to nourish the plant. Fifth, some soils contain EnnoaiAis—The Mexican Treaty-Pro-Rata—A EX.1ZABITH R., wife of John (5. Schoonmaker.ass. It was to make tbe common fanner of the Netth, who coald raise flax, as Independent as hisSthpaihiUnited SUtes and the Csnadas.D. APPLETON k CO.. PoblUher*.Jnstlarge slse, high spaed, with latest improvements. Price(SO. For sale atNO. <9SBROADWAY,Physician Graefenberg Company,Os»TttLi»*vx»iB0UBa. Manufaotured byFo* BAJJFor DBESSINO^BEADTITTlNg., Jersey Mail,6 styles.PARK, and aU dealers.or henlgkt, tearing them away from the armsuncharitableness.In reckoning men's conduct, we are to remember the;;also, differencesof:New-York. NO. 183 rULTOH-ST., Brooklyn.•'" A thing of beauty is a joy forever."A of beau^ la a joy forever." thingRailway Maps and much oth-r valuable information of fntexoagtlan'a VenusFrom the New-York Express.:an individualto different individualsThrUllngblaod* Mahomet Paeha aa • Tour—His Description of a Scene In theHooseaTtrte it the nation would read it—upon having Nlaga- stroys weeds and brings In clover and red-top ntefloodtowashawaythestainofournationalini- and,sixth,itImprovesthemechanicalconditionofI should hint also about a torrent of waters be- thesoil. "ThefirstapDlicationshouldnotbelessthan ISO bushels to the acre, aed after this a small amountButJherebygivenoticetoournumerousfine thebonesthatarewastedinthiscountrywereap- Davtoh'sTitias'sVt»ns.—awondeorffuflemaslpecimenof drawingoftheDelawareStateLottery,docertifythat SWEETBREATH.SECUREDBYTHURSTON'S ForsaleatPublishers'pricesby(lolty.itg as effective, perhaps, as a torrent of words. The yeaily. Bene-du&t on seme soils doubles the quan- of tbe t)ewUching origlnaLxainbow, too, would be Introduced as a promising tity of grass and greatly improves its quality. If all From the New-York Dispatch,;Mr. Marsh, Receiver, and Mr* STATELOTTERIES. WHITETEETH,PRODUCEDBYTHURSTOX'S aBlsaon,cthhaerd,FreightAgentoftheNew-YorkandErie:AtJTHORIZED BY THK LEGISLATURE. TOOTH-POWDER. MEMORIAL OF THE NEW-YOSK MERCHANTS The undersigned Commissioners, appointed by tho HEALTHY GUMS, PRESERVED BY THURSTON'S to the Legislature of the State. Also an account of theof from theGovernor of the State of Delaware to superintend tbe TOOTR-POWDER. RPuabiliwcayWsorksViorfgiVniiraginia to theRHeopuorste of DtehlegaBtoeasr.d eCtedinthiscountry. FromtheNew-YorkMercury.Engraver and oolorist have produced a work of art that Las the Titian tone, as well aa the faultless outlinelaudable Their latest is asplendidenterprise. '* tinted engraving of Titian'sG. W. M.Price 60 cents.woman"—the world- renowned Recumbent Venus. Uband*,Wilmington, Del.,20,1360.the crolseeaantseinhgue of teeth, healthGallery. praise.racle, the "Reclining Venus,''^ is now within every- body's reach.^ Dayton h Cd. have just published a col- ored plate of that great picture, which deserves a plsce in tba " porte-feailie" of every admirer of the fine arts.RiASiR—inclose $2 and 16 cents in stamps and you will receive by re;urn mall a gem of art, with an ele-S^lSbRAL DISCOUNT TO AGENTS AND THK TRADE.A really valuable gift of jewelry is presented with the Engraving. Address, DATTON k CO.,American and European Engraving Warehouse, S o. 31 Park-row.ereat Fire in Taltoa mad Ana-atrseta. Mxw-YoiK, Jan. 30, 1860,JOS. SEAL,gums lips.For sale at BUSHTON'S, wholesale and retsg,TO MERCHANTSABB DXALBB8 IITELASTIC TULCAMZED RUBBER GOODS Mr. Judson will protect merchants against Mr. Day'suits, without rec lurse or charge to them, on the fol-savedHills Muslin, and fine linen bosoms, permade at each. 93rant a good fit ;on receipt of goods. WARD, from LondonNo. 387TUBTIMPAaTSTaXBUTa; THXT ABNIHILAISPAIB.lent fe?e?, in iu the weakness consequent upon aat-—THE SABBATH- letter from Judga CoswAT, of aCHtWL belonging to the Norfolk-Street Methodist.^laeyerywhere.Oon,aSlaailments to which exclusively subject,TheKansas, In vlndlcatlan of tho memory of Jons Baowa,JAPANESE POLISH C0..„IMPORTANT PBOTOGRAPBIC PATEKT AbxSols ness, etc. They retain their active proper-naaniWeraarr Concert ! ! !Poaoos ties of the should be used for all system. Theyladies ore Oa: 1 am very much surprised to find, in a lato Kt 2i Spring and speaking by the, children, assisted AllCASK" BrAlltieswhenotherPlastersareuseless,anabeautiful art of.,F»h.ot.o- DXALXBS where apvtied pain caruut exist, iivery fanu- HWeUstGeSrn buyers will flnd my (took of all lathe farnmner with but half a crop, and number of and six Sunday-Schoolpersons inte.-ested in the siie on cloth, are respecUuUy requested to PtJ' at the uooper From 1 to ly should have them. OneEVENING next, la Dimes three sires on leather. Samples sent by man,goods the Wholesale Drug Una extaniive aad oomplate. Prieaacorrespondent,name is used to corroborate a most atrocious slander upon tbe memory of Old Johh BaowH, of Osawato-fromapplaama thno. Thaae five principles are all of impor- trive to fall into. Mr. RicBAKoau.N must, therefore, CO., No. 8 Vesey-stirHoaie,be obtained In this at No, 12 Waverlv- Place, near Broadway.City.tance ind aaa9 <aftt«ia acknowledged to be so by-'pardonthe directness of mv answer, when I assureBatehelar'a Hair mo. I'JfiS* 5 Jl^JMi•e>y and Clover.-jrat, those who grant their exoeiionceG5^tK«al^^Sf^''^'^r^?Si%«~daffy'asnlgolif'iif appUcatio'n. CaptWAUXX pardonme.when1saytohim,10 ststansant* of our farmers made abbut a dozen are found to Mtw mbrer- «BirO«* two tods of seed -tim- Oftheaooas sowed orchard grass,Boadst. Twelve private^ ing been put in within a vear. and 'he doing ^Ueinarodeiahim emphatically that I never told kim th^ From will al«o anyLINIMENT—THE6BEAI18Tmoatoourtaoualy,^^P^^^.tT^ a Buocesiful business. Inquire of W. M. otibkh,a be ter and sow remedy ortinA dhhand on others,MA*K»l!<.»»Potawatamie bank,0N6UENT weeks(uponthesmoothestface)I•f haytsg thto 1* unavoldahle, unless the meadows far as It relates to me, which gea- ?ersii^"sffiir:feS:£>^^ MARSH k addraas, receipt of an order. . .sliverivory, Mflspanned tkrhPnA=B^O?KWS?JM,icmnot see how a anklets, onsuchthat I do not believe thu BaowaPKO- «.dever told him sneh thing. It Is, a won-h^nt.^for a VtutUhaadaa*.arSd tew,anyladesd,derful circumstanoo; taken from aay p9lnt mt view, how masr potaoaa hava looaauy (pmag op to whomand have ImproveoiefiUoWbu/ crlrrio«o*lfa»r^«o.rMAMH.bpWtlttfel,l,i*l^f£*ing.ThU celebrated estisblishsoeat at abargain. The furniture is antlrelv n«w, hav-Homenow HUSNuTct'ioSninmodicalscience, Oawacidla it^E^lliS'ni^.sf." «f^d^is Hair Dye. tbe beatexta inana MaieaaioB. o( at F. G. SCRIBA, ho. 18 Moiray-tt.,produoo Lsoa. SendToupoeawhecaplaaathaia arapwfetar »aa^d^eiJaTMtaJofaUntitled DocumentSmMlowpricM.„ H. 0.BPALDaIvNjOarkroCaOa.., No. » Cedar-st.COUNTRY NEWS AUENTS Win saveCARRIAGE BANDS AND OTHER TRIM. aUMGS.gemDivine perfection of a60, 6, 63, 69, 65, 44, 71, 21, 15, 29, 33, 70, 65. Class No. 86, Feb. 20, 1860.7, 48, 40, 36, «, 62, 30, 75, 33, 46, 4, 56, 2, 11.ATKINSON'S PARISIAN TOOTH PASTE,unique prepaanrdation,PCBLIgBZS TBI8 BAT.I,ETHEL TRETOR : Ob, THE DUKE'S VICTIM.Bywhoyears.Mackay ofThe Mad Engineer—aJAMESDUNCAN.older farmers. The younger members of the Conven- Thanks to tbe art of engraving, Titian's artistic mi- Circular*, eoatalning schemes for the month, will be Broadway, comer Canal and Barclay sts.ByBaylsSi.Price 2S cents.tion have, however, been eager listeners to them. AGRICOLA,Amnaements.WiNTiB Gabdkn.—Two of tho public's bestmailed free of charge, by sending toWOOD, EDBY & CO.,Wilmington, Del., or Augusta, 6a.KCSHTON'S PASTiUlBS^ Oa TROCHES.III.THE SONS OF MALTA EXPOSBS.From the New-York Saturday Press.Jobm, Esq.Messrs. 8. O. HiaaisohCe.wanrrT.rRH—hkgemaIN AUi n>3. They shall agree that all goods nowon in hand,m etitutlon and the laws of the country, of securing tto rights of the several States inviolate, resisting a9 a^ with their Institutia—GxhtlxhixTheprintingeitabllshfflsnt. No. 113 Fnl-or in not to be soldor that be received hereafter, are mayAll who are in favor of upholdingthe the C Union,:UBEFUIi which removesstore,port,withcut Mr, Judson's license andton-st. andRobert Bonner, of the New- York Ledger, was yesterday'SCO. Benzine, paint spots, grease.stamps. We were surprised that Mr. Day, after the full hear- of the cause on Bill and Answer in the United States;and, as such, dear to SSth year of her ase.IX,-8EVENTY-rrVE RAILWAY MAPS, which resent the principal RaUways of the Unirteesd- SUtes and thcCanadas. These Maps are moaa and moreshould bedisgrace. The weekly journal edited here by him Smith, aged 33 years and 16 days.Her funeral will take place, at 10 o'clock on Wedneo- day morning, Feb. 23, from tbe American House, No.theand theiheep after the young stoclc—a aomewbat first published, the author has fled the country in tion. Mrs. EuzABiTH Cato Fitch, wife of Benjamin w. of evlLmatter which is injurious to the growing crop. Howl from the Aerold-Slavery in New-York—Tho Relatives and friends of the family are respectfully in- Manyshe dare netFrom these conditions of the sell we derive toe fol-South and the Free Blacks.vited to attend the funeral, on Wednesday, Feb. 32, at 3 o'clock P. M.. from N'o. 63 Byerson-st., Brooklyn.93r Kingston and Catskili papers please copy.to famish suchSoDtfaetn eompeer, whe raises cotton. Is supposed manures as go directly to noumish the plant. Seo- Eoaopx—The Latest News—Ourof treatmentto bo. It was, In fact, to do wonders generally, tbe ond, to apply such substances as shall render in-lowing principles:First,CosoKisa—Report* of Procaediags.—of which vns the of soluble those which are in a condition not assimil- spondenee The Italian Questioa.Vol. 1. REVOLUTIONS OF BACX.abolishing Slavery right able. Third, to fix those substances that easily es-—SmtHABTorNiws Semi-weeklyRecord.foneral. from her late residence, No, 1(8 Paciflc-st., at 3 o'clock P. M., this day, (Tuesday,) Feb. 31. Her re- mains will be taken to Greenwoodfor interment.commonly known as uterine difllcalty, female weak, ness, &c., &o.PriceInthiswork, Vaaghan. the Editor ot the BrMi^fourth,Cotton was to be by Chevalier Cuotbir quickly poisonous. Mr. Go(LB here expressed the opinion FoBZiox-Arrivals and$3.;Dr.Review, intends toried into practice by first obtaining a correct proxi-Relatives and friends of tbe faml^ are respectfully;but we assure them thattwinkling, iscontlnently flaxed.But it happened that there was a bitch some- fallacy in the experiments made by farmers. First, and Miscellaneous.stepand it change through which both the Government aiul ftamate analysis of the soil. There are two sources of flax-cotton did not come Into the market, the mistake the effect of manures aot— :an lobflded. It was not all, however, a great cryani little wooL Tbe Claussen invention was really« valuable one, and If It did not quite reach the mark.manuriiig. This consists In applying a single manure Auas, of Boston, wbo addressed the Convention on that at first produces a wonderful resulL After a yearwkaieSouth did not abolish Slavery, and Chevalier Cung. weighing theby There is often greatBrooklyn. and to eoiiegestheyCopies may be procured at the counter, la wrappers,is in- of England have pa8sed,dncing the historical aa- riod of thair existence.the rubieet on Saturday morning, in the production or two some element in the soil becomes exhaustedof a " ffiriUa," or " flax-cotton, which can be sold at the specific refuses to produce any effect, and we findthe present price of cotton and leave a wide margin our mistake. It is only by "complete manuring" No, 1 sewing machines for profits. But the readers of the Tuig do not need that we can suacced. Undoubtedly the most Ko. 1 sewing machinesupon the uterine organs. It is purely vegetable and harmiess,Its feeling lathat I should go into tbe history of thishas been told them in your columns already. I will it Is made from and how It is treated. Manureinvention. Itthe value of this in a measure on what depends greatand alltroubles of women art entirely cured by Tax Gbaxpbv. NATURAL SELECTION Theproducts.in the appearance which crops pres-forPrice 4 cents.deceptionent to the eye. Some manures producea rank, watery growth, and we suppose we are get- ting large returns, when we are really getting so much water. The scales would detect uis error.readytnmailiag.Feb. 30, StuoN S. Piaixi, in the 77th year of his age.The relatives and friends are Invited to respectfullygenerally. The component parts are at tbe service al any respectable physician, and it has the Sollowlng staument from Dr. Hayes, the eminent Chemist ta tbe" "ofyear Ithehave examlned'and analyzed Graetbnberg Mar-OneSIngor'a Bowing UaoklBes.Tbefamllj sewing machine, AThe family Bewlng machine improves by keeping six months in heaps, to produce Bemmlns gangesInfant son of Abel N %\M and 3 days.and Martha Waters, aged S monthsA. A. HAYES, M. D., Chemistfar tht State of Massachusetts.valuable manure is made in tbe barnyard;90 TS 66The relative* and friend* of the family are Invited to attend the funeral, from the residence of his parents. No. 19 Clmton St., on Wednesday afternoon, at 3 o'clock. Inierment in Mount Pleasant Cemetery.:butNo.bioation it a direct and fiavorable action givesshine and the muimer of Summer winds.genial. It has a moral tone. Its pictures of domeatialifeare drawn with sympathy and. therefore, with truth. It is written in a terse and musical style.D. APPLETON&CO.,Have just publishedON THE ORIGIN Of SPECIES BY MEANS OTForeign Mxxioo—Posltlan of Affairs in Mexico.—Lists ofCorro- ScLLxvAjf—In Brooklyn, on Monday, Feb. 30, of con- ntarlne derangement which renders her life miserable. sumption, Mrs. J. BCLUVAS. Most women in this country between the ages of 15 and The relatives and friends are invited to attend ber 60 suffer, to a greater or less degree, with symptomsBEHOTAL,.DaTls Collamore dc Co.>IKFOBTERS OF CHINA, GLASS, *c.. Have removed to their new store.between Grand asd Broome BROADWAY, sts.attend hlsfnneral, on Wednesday, Feb. 22. at3 o'clock P. M.. from St Andrew's Church, Richmond.DR.OLDHAMAT GREYST0ME8, AHDHIS TALK THERE.Throughout its pages there is a glow of Summer saa-witness in the case.to Apply hia Radical- of this beautiful art.POTS. decidedly tnero«naUtro^rgtobvai*go^BJi^M^«'minJ«J great'^SS^aS'»«"n">*Made to Order only at Nq.40» Broad aay.BBlrta. Balloo* ^Patentedpoalng of the Ohrlstlaa System-The Home eSoit., of the Fongoxfamily.ter of Alexander H. Howell. IhTi,uii-Goo»iiAi..-In thU City, enChurch, by Rev. Dr. T. A. Eaton. Vsa- !tn Pntisii, of Wa«hlng«n D. 0., and laxa* ., daugh-;Opinions^ter of Ira Goodman, ofthisAn»OT—HoLiixs.-In New-Orleans, on Tuesday, Feb.doty67The relatlveaand friends of the family are Invited toattend his f on Tnes<<ay. Feb. 11. at 11 o'clock Bnerai,A. U., from tbe rendenoe ofhls son, C. E. Griswold, No. 327 ffestaid-st.VXI.ASQBIZ.—In this City, on Sunday, Feb. 19, Maai- Aao TaLAiqnxz si la Casisa, in the e2d year of his age. Tbe relatives and friends of the tamlly, also those of,"Potawatamie Massacre." But It is iumbia College, are napectrully invited, wltkoat fur- dwell discrimination to ;«-•The relatives and firlends of the family are reapeetfollj deceived to be Invited to attend the funeral, from her late resldenoa.th*dealt with charitably, aver a coaraaHnOHXS.—In this City, on Monday, Feb. 30, of eoiures- tlonoftbe lungs. Saxab E. Hdohxs, daughter of Wil- thismom- liamandSarahE.Hughes,aged1yearand6months. Ber remains will be taken to Red Mills, Westohesterinterment,7M inst., from tbe residence of her parents. No. VU West 28th St.. New-York.The friends of thr- deceased arethe funeral, at 3 o'clock P. M., this21. from No. 177 Clintt n-st.. South Brooklyn.Stapfoks.-In on Brooklyn,Mabt R. Stappokd.Tbe funeral will take place to-dav, (Tuesday,! at 3tbe Book stores, and principalbooks, &c.. the papers, uponBxanxa.Vary many have tried the skill of their flunily physi-group together—the I nail facts of English History, so aa to reveal, at a Klaaa% the progress of the nation. It is a towarda the si^requested day,(Tuesday,)—Feb. Monday, Feb. 39, Misscars•,> thaongataaat tCity.ilug Obituary Notices, Literary and Art Items, Personal invited to attend the funeral, on Taesday, Feb. 31, at 3 they can be cured. The medicine offered is not a qnaak plin^catlon of English History. By tbe term Revoi».Mabt wife of Abraham Herder. E.,ElMMViand charitaUsness of feeUag and our feUow-mea incalaated. consideration of our own charaekar and teMts, aadlightly judged byside of the deoelver.—The funeral wiU take place this (Tuesday) afternoon, perat 3 o'clock, at St. Paul's Church. His friends are in- CoMFAST, No. 33 PARK-ROW. NEW-YORK. AID la 13mo. Cloth. 50 cents papervited to attend without further invitation. Entrance ALL DkUGQISTB.;EVENIN6S AT THE MICROSCOPEor, Besearchaaon Fulton and Vesey sts.Feb.cia B. Washburit. wife of Rev. George H. Clark, Rectorof St. John's Chnrch, Savannah, Ga.Funeral service at Worcester, Mass., this (Tuesday)morning.OmCLAL DRAWINGS, BY TELEGRAPH OF THE LEGALIZED I,OTTERIE8,OS TBI Rxcxirr or 86 Fivx Bottles sxkt bt Bx- PBIBS. AKD OUAKOIS PAIB TO IXn OP EXPKXBS B0HTX VBOB Nxw-YoBX.Address JOSHUA F. BRIDGE, M. D.. Secretary andNo. 39M.J08BGA F. Bedsi, D., offers his professional ser.vices, at his rooms, in the Graefenberg Institution, No.9to1,and3to4.;Among the Minuter Organs and Forms of Animal Lljto>Philip H.G088X,F, R.S. Onevol.l3mo. EIGHTEEN CHBISTU.N CENTURIES. By Ear.Jamxs Wbiti. One vol. 12mo. 36. $1RAILWAYS AND THEIR PROGRESS.SwAH.—Ata short Illness, in the 74th year of his age. Judge Gus- TAvrs SwA^, one of the most prominent and respected men of Ohio.Columbus, Ohio,onMonday,Feb. 6. afterBy$150.;other, has had full possession of its respectable stage. mwoarsntiontaglly destrayed. Our books, papara, and some new, without the slightest Injury to eolor ortabrlo. iCinrgcuit Court of this District Ijetween him and us, (the atenmdpts to ionptpeorsferde to all sectionarlesppaercttieisv,e and in fav^Even Mr. Jx Pusos, who is by no means of a satur-policy,of elevating men to office who will administer the Goy^ emment in the spirit of its founders, are invited to ieift in a Mass Meeting, to be lield at the Cooper InstitaiBbwaat no other Safe but yoar*. Referring to the card of William Judson^ also signed any such suiu on the title set up by him of May Mth, Feb. 21, 1B60, which will be addressed by eminent speak- WYNKOop,haA:LLXNBECKkTHOMAS. by(jharlesGoodyear,IntheTtm^sofFeb.20,wegive 18^,thecomplaieantamightapplytotheCourtforan ers,including _Mr*. Jomi WoosThas lost none of that vehement jollity which has alwaysfiinirinff of the SUr Spangled Banner." and other aa- Sonal airs by Dr. CHARLaS GUILMBTTE.hnndreds of dollars in bank-bibs, were in one ef your Champion Safes, and. after being axposed for 30 hours to the fiery ordeal, has delivered >p iu eontent* withoutBold by all Druggists. 02S eents per bottle.only parties claiming anv title or interest in the rights in controversy,) should bring new suits against mer- chants in defiance of the order made by the late Judgenine and moody disposition, has been compelled, byBosrsownwithtimothy,isbringingitsowneralmost adversecircumstances,toabstainfrommakingin, thelossofasingledollar. Experlaneateacheauswe EliASTICYDIiCAMZEDKUBBERGOODS.IngersoUofthisCourt,that,"ifDayshouldcommence ontheeveoftheBirthofWashington,TUESDAY,decorous appeals to the risibility ot tho audience.IMrth*"g at all, which, if seeded with such a grass as the** cnsted dog's-tail," {cynosunis crittatusr) wouldyWd a fair return. The present state of knowledge in view of a notable reaction in public taste, Mr. Stu- $1,000 Reward will be paid to any person that aan prosecuted by William Judson, upon the false pretence the files of the Court, and is still in force.ca tkU subject will not admit of stating preciselykind if best adapted to each spot, but it can be L that there to a kind, or combination of kinds, that I do batter than any other, and If every taimer'ABT has determined to give us a feast of a light aad wholesome character, and something more that this feast is presided over by such spirits as Mrs. Joaa Vfooo and Mr. JsrvxESoa. Two such mbrth provokers cannot be found elsewhere. Their effort* last night— albeit the programme wa* not attractive for Its nov-show that Herring's Patent Champion Safe ever failed to preserve its ooctenta in an aocidental fire.that he has any riiht or title in snch vulcanized rubber goods as are and nave been claimed by us, they have to hand over their papers and the management ofof Wm. Judson.Nothing in this shall be deemed to rele ise infringersfrom responsibility for int'riuslng our adjudicated and established rights to the exclusive monopoly of theseAll respectable merchants now see their safety m using Day's License Stamps, the security under whloh has been affirmed Id about all the Circuits of the United States, except California, where no salts havaWe had abstained from bringing any suits acainst in- fringers on our rights, having the hope and belief that there would be a speedy decision of tbe cause, but we have beentS. O. HSRRINGft CO.,Patentees and Manafactnrersonly to Messrs. their defenceHon. J. MORRISON HARRIS,of MarylandIItIssomethingthatbow,underbrighterauspices,andnoiice that, should any persons, companies or firms be injunction restraining such acts' —which order is onHon. HUMPHREY MARSHALL,of Kentucky;Hon. THOMAS A. K. NELSON,of Tennessee ;of Patent Fire and Burglar- Proof Herring's ChampionSafes, N«. asi Broadway, corner of Marray-st., opposite th* city HoU. Mew-York.BartkolPaHon. GEORGE BRIGGS, _ „of New-York,andui^naled In excellence slmollcity.MTHOLF MANUFACTUBINa CO., No.way,oomer Howard-st.Bvaldlaa'a Prepared Rlae.beenN. B.—Delegates from this Bute and sisterwho sympathize with the sentiments of the above calU axe iMvited to be present.A FRIEND IN NEEB-TRT IT.DR. SWEET'S INFALLIBLE LINIMENT, tbagHid external remedy ef tha age, prepared from the reetff of Dr. STXPHEfr SWEET, of Conneotlaat, tha oalehiatJ bone-satter, whaae tame Is nnrivalad by that ot any Ift- taig man. It 1* a oartain and immediala care for rhaa- enta, woand*> Borea, barn*, scald*, piles, lombago, headaahe,toothacMTO DEALkBS AND IMPORTERS INSeward &our counsel, whereupon we will defend all such suits, without cost or conditions, and hold all such persons, companies or firms harmless against any and aU claimsBlachfo'rd,Griswold,disappointed.The death of Judge Ingersell and the time that has;to grow heavUy in six willforcethemwithoutstimorinjury Burling-slip,byotcondemnation Is f^xentiyfeelingthing condemned, are motive* toWanted, a Watch aad (^;£^& Y.—NEW INYENTIONS :—The (nis*BlcaI and otherjeducation, ABowanee to beLife on the Mississippi BeprosenU; ivea of the United SUtesIn which they have been bred and In which they nowa woman who looks so well thatcomplain of ill health lest she be ridiculed instead of receiving sympathy, la serloosly afflicted with looalDictionary ofcian and others without availo'okiek, from her late residence. No. 79 Prinoe-st,, nostrum, but it is known to tha Professors of medical tious, the author intends to denote the great phaaeaaCmany leading physicians,PxBtBX.—At Sonthfleld, Ststen Island, on Monday, dorsed by many hospital surgeons and by the pabile peopleFeb. 30, Miss Anxusi B. Waxhix, in the 39th"her age.The relativeB and friends of the fhrnBy are Invited diall's Uterine Catholicon. The ingredients are veryto attend the funeral, on Wednesday, at 12 o'clock, from valuable in restoring health, and their peculiar oom-the Dutch Reformed Chnrch, at Yonkers.Watibs.—At Newarli, on Monday, Feb. 30, Feisdix,Vol. limo. Price $1. From the Saturday Press.." Femaleirregularities,weakness,uterinedisplacements,loealuterine and difficulties,constiiuiional:andof yt'omen. of every description. Consumption, tkronie and malignant diseases (both local and constitutional,) are skillfully and successfully treated. Offige hours,f DELAWARE,GEORGIA,KENTUCKYandMISSOURI THREEAIDSTOPERSONALBEAUTY. landandErieKailroau3, They shall agree to pay Mr. Judson the same rate of tariffs which he shall cliarge other merchants in the.elapsed withontany decision, and the immense injury Day ib inflicting on our rights, have determined us to wait no longer, and to prosecute all infringers on our rights, Including every person who has sold or con- tinues to sell in violation of our rights, the goods afore- said purchased from Day or his agents, or tiaving his stamps.We do not wish to be understood as soliciting mer- chants to make any arrangements with us, but we deem it our duty to define our ooBltion.CHARLES GOODYE.^R. WILLIAM JLDSON..^ ,and others are expeetal*supply, will order FORTI<ANDTickeU, —Bamn^a'c*Z Passengers, Ac.,ke.Burllng-slip.Light*.Screw Cap, 9 style*. Brass Door Hinges—Wat Iron*. Ice. AU •nfferer* sboold giveRose, 1Coach, 3 stylesAmfn^S^ri-E^ETT^A'tmofpherlcPlatesfor Arti- R. G. SRAflAK, No. 109 Nassan-st., New-York. ficial Teeth, so highly recommenoed 10 the MrduMlGa-JONES' HOTEL, PHILADELPHIA. The lease and flrtnres of this noted Hotel are for salezrttr, is patented' and can onlyw._ ir_vfoi-piUaUafcIng Company. Mount Carmel.^onn.Rivet*.and Rails,The above goods, together7 stylos. Dash Collars, Centres,styles.Branch Iron Collars. Pole Yokes and Crabs,BARNESwith-Mo*;^?r^^'Si.^"^*"**') HeroiX New-YorknuwiMose Swindler ;for hi* Son.Yalaea of CharcoalSteam aa a Sosrce of PowerMaelilaary YI.-ANEODOTBS AND INCIDKBT8 OF TBATELthe FrljS. SU^M^".'""* Uni,«18U.Sani''5i%:-of tba United SUtes, Inelndlng SanCallumla, aad London, England, with lUu^S tian.XL—APPLETON'S COUNTING-HOUSE CALEV- DAB,togetherwithImportantrulestotBaU*^of XH.—THROUGHROUTEStoandMailed,Bt OWE WHO WAS " SOLP." Prioe 12 cents.free of on receipt of;;SEVEN TEARS. By JniiA Kavasaoh. One voLcovers, 37 cents.price.No. 34 Ann-st., Naw-Yoflk.pf.stage,FREDERIC A. BRADY, Publisher.who have accepted invitationsAn interesti"ng feature of the meeting will be BMfrom freeso in those painful and taomnoh aaglaota*.^Ibr 'www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 "i^i"iiMiiTi