 thoM»YcitUi»v©lifV- •red •th-to»«ry '»•iNo itroL \ldv>aethe*»*lowd pcft HborI**jbeid\c t o ar» |nea.s,reo; and lob* ion, thengt licit>r!y >o*-jex- Ion-bt«dat b o f aretin-'<• .• ALABAMA.LATERFROM.CAMFOSIflA.1 JThe Starch IHvoree Case, ; '.:, TWEUFTH DAY,CITY POLITICS.>;.""•"%•HsK^tVottSK«»KIT,whoisinnomination ^%^o^gC^M%«^^^theXiythWard,U warmly commended'M^^T^JS^^S^^^^f^^._»<.• i»T*-|l'lII1IUIIMIW,"'ature, were formed J TtrectiethWtrd^wb2?l>»bytfwhvit;I^s!", ;fr intotheVTJItb^odicl»li)^^^' ^ "' ':'. '' * ^ ^ i d f cTte votera of thote Ward* #Vold olii»o«e a Jti&\+ . . h , Mjchcause*a*theymayhaveto£**««*«l»thenew Courtm*. putregardtopolitics. Iftborevotersh*tbatWstriotwhofa«rwrknown " Klch«iie^' c/WWiiliain E. E>W»<on,«nd rs*d, p*r*mem«iazalow,kit.In'9<&•lafcet«• b o1 ifU.ar-onoftraded by the many, eroittsaries the Abolitionists are running to and fro through the country, east of this place, as w e are informed, and t o justifv those who have opposed ttwj dark designs of the Abolition marauders, under the notorious'Capt. Montgomery, in Xaneas and on the border, we beg leave to state the following facts, in addition to th<*<« heretofore given:The armed Abolitionists have continued their mur- derous-operations in Bourbon and Linn Counties, Kan- sas, hunting down and driving from the Territory all men who have disapproved o f their robbing and mur- dering, and who have acted in any manner to sustainm the laws.The roads leading eastward from the Territory havebeen crowded with wagons and persons, male and female, escaping from thei*e fiends.In one instance, a mother gave birth to an infant on the road near Poppingsville, i n this State, during the flight of the family.t)n Monday of this week a Mr. Bishop, who lives on theOsageRiver,about12milesnortnofFortScott, having oeen aroused b y a noi^e i n the night, upon going to the door to see what was the matter, was in- stantly shot down and killed. His body was found t o have been pierced by *everaJ balls.W e have seen here f o r the past few days wagons for Omaha yesterday afternoon, with eight passengers,, the following sentence: "Mrs. Burch, on herarrivaJhas-been on the Finance Committee of the Board—tHe tise and sell at public auction a Xease of a ferry from an old grocer at the corner o f Broome and Eldridge last yea: r its Chairman—where h e has -saved the city the present ferry slip, north of and immediately ad-m7- hei*at on kecxr.* u#Bn35JOSEPH BOND,Capt. Doak states tbat the citizens of Westport,fearing an attack from Capt. Montgomery and his band ef Jay-Hawkers, held a meeting a few days ago, and directed that a call b e made o n the Sheriff 01 Bates County to' raise a force f o r the protection o f theborder.Capt. Doak, who is Deputy Sheriff of Bates County,trpon this dispatched forty muskets t o the citizens tneret who stand upon guard every night to prevent a surprise. This is aiao the case, at Poppingsville and all the border towns.A large meeting ef the citizens of this county (Henry County) was held to-day to take into consideration the border troubles. G. H. Worth was chosen President,find Joseph C. Alexander Secretary.Speeehe* were made by Col. J. 0 . Davis, Col. Tutt,Judge Williams, K.JK. Murrell, and a number of others. WARSAW, Mo., Dec, 2, 1860.Cen. Frost's brigade encamped last night between Calhoun and Belmont. They are moving slowly, the xoen having vexy sore feet, occasioned b y marchingover rough roads.Gen. Parsons passed through Calhoun yesterday ona secret mission to the border.At the latest accounts Montgomery was still en-campedatornearFortScot^anddefiedtheworldto take him. It is thought tbatsbe will leave when he hvnn of the approach of Gens. Burney and Frost.The people in allthe border tounties indorse the action of Governor Stewurt in sending out troops. I f they can only catch Montgomery a general day o f thanksgiving will be held in the Osage vaVey.Gen. Frost's command will encamp to-nigkt at Cal-houn. -T w o suspicious characters, supposed to be Montgom-ery's spies, were seen yesterday in the northern pan of Henry County making tracks in the direction of Fort Scott.Montgomery's men are all through the country giv- ixig out reports to mislead the people.These recent outrages o n the' Western border byAbolition bands are kindling a strong disunion spiritJiereabouts. -The PalertfBe Ontward Bound.POKTJUASD, Me., Saturd iy, Dec. 1,1860. The steamship Palestine wiled fro n tbia port a t 3J0/clock tbJ* afternoon, fox Liverpool,mouth, and while biowiag into i t the muzzle came i nJohn Wachter, coal dealer of No. 504 Eighth av- XV. Erastus C. Benedict, Republican, is now, and1MOOTT.K, &turday, Dec. i„ 1860. Alargeandeijihtttfe^a*cessionmeetingwashold -to-night,atwhichdelegateswerenominatedtothe«' Utate Convention;TEXAS.NKW-ORT.KASS, Saturday,Dec i,i860... A Committee of citizens of Texas petitioned Gov. HoustontoconvenetheLegislature. TheGovernor respondedtbatviewingtheproposedmeasurejnnwise, , Be could not call the Legislature; but i f a majority of, !VIRGINIA.RICHMOND, Va., Saturday, Deo. 1, 1860.follows: . ::• v . • 'f elected, arwe confiaent.^v tTM8*h e will be. We have The Board of Education is composed of two mem- is the leading man in tbe local Board,ot hie. Ward,horse regiment, thirteen hundred strong, saying thatMr. Shannon, editor of The Vizalia Delta, and Mr. his fist i n my face, to show me how he did it; Mrs: vor of MriDahiel Townsetit 1> ie incorrect. Mr, GavitCentral flarnay t o Southern Kansas with i n . t r u c t i o n i t o S Taffe, McCahin & Co-. 50,385 Flint, Peahody &. Co. 12,572-aiKB in favor of Wade, though Harry Howard and his rent as previously paid I Both these richly-moneyedDioutKomery dead or alive. S S M M B "VV'AKSAW, MO., Saturday, Dec. 1, 1860.A special messenger who arrived here to-nightbringsthe following important intelligence fromtheEugene Kelly it Co.. M. Heller 4cBro Tallant &^'ildeW.,T- Coleman fc Co..50,000 C. T. Meader & Co 50.000jKerby, Byrne it Co 43,500 Other ahippors 40.000112.500 10.100 73,365duties-with fidelity.J. D. Costar, deputy clerk of Fulton Market; residesin Barclay street, and i s reported t o b e a " good fellow."cam -mt eatiry be beaten.and public by the usual vote o f the " Councilmanlc Sing "--16 against 3, tho following Councilmen voting inthe affirmative:Confidence can be placed in it: "OLISTOS,HenryCo.,Saturday,Dec.1,1860.England. 21st steamer Golden Age, Panama, carrying 520 pas- sengers, and #1,216,000 treasure, #1.078,000 o f which i s f o r Kew-YorkT. ShipPamflrishha«clearedforCorkwithacarjtoofHenry H. Hamlin, clerk o f the Tremont House,>sworn—HeprovedthepresenceofDavidStuartatthestreet. J.Pecare,pawnbroker,No^197Grandstreet;isTeHpectublyindorsed." '•'".'V. Edward J. McKee, grocer, son of Joseph McKee,"VTH•WiTEamTucker,Citizens'andRepublican, Onpage10ofthesamevolumewealsofindCouncil- preeetri memberof theBeard; isweltknownforhas man Darrow voting forGeorge Law's monaSroueinteuritj r and abiUty. During the last two years h e money-project, authorizing, the Controller "toadver-r, 'Thatthepublicmindmaynotbemisinformed and2O.OC0bbl»flour,and24000MacksVhoat. Ship Winged JUTOW sen'ants'partyontheChristma«eveofia57,and par-in loading, to the name destination. lor hops at the Tremont on the 11th o f Februarv andloaded with goods, furniture, & c , passing through, not only from the Territory; but fivm Westport, in this State, and other places within the line.Families living on and near the old Jackson place, within this State, have been notified t o leave their homes, by these outlaws, and having no means of de- fense,havetiedtoButlerandplaces intheinteriorfor seeurity, leaving their homes and effects behind them, unprotected. Yesterday,slavesownedbythoseliving*on the. line, some 25 miles or more within the State, ar- rived here for safe keeping.Thus have the citizens of Bates and Vernon Coun- ties, since the commencement of this insurrection, been threatened with destruction of life and property, with- out adequate means' of defense or protection up to this time this state of things has continued.the United States mails, and the expretM messenger, at Albany, was very excited; she seemod almoat dis- with $12,680 in dust. tracted."•The weather was clear, arid the night cold, and the Mr. Beckwith took exception to the ruling o f thesnow was melting in the day time. Court.Both Hom;eH o f the [Provisional Government ad- Proof was then given of the date of the first day ofjourned from Denver to Golden City on the 24.th inst. the County Fair, on Oct; 14, 1857, and of the enact- Theremainderofthesessionwillbeheldatthatplace. mentoftheplaysof "Pocahontas"andthe"Gentle-3,000 are reported to bo returning disappointed. This 1857; J>believe it was on the 5tb of. September; $ can- Eh'hteerith Ward. • ent member; Conrad Swackhammer, Mozart, ox an- not tellanything fnther of his movements. cient fame in the Old Wigwam, a n d H . P . McGown,rumor needs confirmation. Mr. Beckwith here moved for an Order from the Theodore Stevenson, book-keeper Manhattan Gas are the candidates of the Opposition.C. F . Hinckley, of Hinckley &. Co.'s express, has Court,directing the producing of letters to prove that Company, ex-Police Captain Sixteenth Ward, who re- . XIII. Thomas Brown, Republican, is a man against been appointed agent f o r the Eastern and Western Mr. Burch was at home from the 4th t o the. 15th o f signed in 1855 rather than do the dirty work of Fer- whom nothing can b e Said. John II. Trapp, Tam-Telegrapn Company at Denver City. By this arrange- October, when the Cottrt adjourned till Monday a t 2 nando Wood. manv, lawyer, and L. Withnurton,. Mozart, at presentIf you will examine tb* books from which these ex- tracrshave been roadu, yOu will also find the h*me o f DanielDarrowrecordea intheaffirmative onevery n)Mncy£d. job o f Belgian-pavement a n d a l l other .schemeshavingraouevatthebottomofthem. Wedo not charge Mr. Darrow with having given these votes for corrupt considerations; but we do say that he voted invariably with that body known as the " Councilmanic Ring"—which is believed to be a corrupt and mercenajy body;; and that he has as yet failed to prove any good motive for the votes re<ited. Mr. Darrow's assertion that the names of members can be recorded in their ab- sence as voting on which ever side the Clerk pleases t oplace-.them, is a'most absurd and transparent misstate- ment', as must be evident from the fact that i n a l l the votesrecited,thenamesofabsenteeshavebeenentirely omitted. There are twenty-four members of the Com- monCouncil,butonly18or19votesarerecordedfor and.against the various measures named.Begging, Sir, that yon will examine this matter for yourself, and not lend your powerful aid to cas(ing,oui George Starr only to repbtce him by a still more doubt-- ful man, who has already been "tried and found want- ing," either in common honesty or common sense,. I<re-- niaih, in behalf of many tax-payers in this district,Y our very obedit nt s^rvaut.A NINTH WARD PROPERTY-HOLDER.W e can testify that w e have examined thi&- record o f the Board o f Councilnaen referred to- rn the above letterj. and that w o find t h e facte- correctly stated in. this letter. The' mfereac©. would seem to h e that Mr Darrow. is not a. p-foperman to be elected as Aldarmau.—[ISD.TBJBW,PERSONAL— - T h e Hons.<AnsOn Bnriingame, Eii Thayer and A. If. Rice of- Mass., M» W, Tappan of N. H*, CA Durkee of Vermont, and A. $ \ Goodnow of N. x?.t Col. Morgan o f Morgan Manor, and E. R. Diflfendar- fer of El Puao, are at the Astor House.— The Hon. Harvey. Baldwin o f Syracuse, C*pL C. H. Van Bnikle of, Watertown,. Col- Morria o f the U. S. A., P.. L. Prythian of the U.S. N., and W , StanleyofMontreal,;ueattheSt.NicholasHoteL— Capf. AldenoC (he U.S. 3ST., E . Watson o f En- gland, E.Hoppert of Mies., and J. F. Needharn of Pei> nambuco, are at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.—H. D. Burdett of Charleston, S. C.; C. P. May <£ Montgomery* Ala-; C O . Gallaghan of Cuba, and T ^r.fc Capt. Doak of Butler, has arrived here, on his way for arms, and ammunition, and aid, from whom wement messages can be forwarded to a l l points in t h e o'clock p. m. ' gold regions, leaving Fort Kejirney four times per• — , •VII. Jonathan T. Trotter, India Rubber Manufac- a School Trustee, oppose Mr. Brown., Mr. Withington tnrer at Harlem. Residence-No. 20 East One-hundred- isalso on the Republican ticket for Trustee. and-twenty-ninth street.' Mr. T. ia now a Council- XIV. Henry Von Senden, Republican, apothecary, man, and voted anti-Japaneee. H e is reputed a manhave learned some ofthe above facts.week. i •. Four KKARWKV*,FJrday,Nov.30,I860.8ingpular Aceicleiit. NKWABK,N.J.,Dec.2,1860.D. C. STONE,W . A . DUNCAN, E.K.ML'RKELL, J. -WILLIAMS. JOSEPH DAVIS, J. M. COVLE,B.R.jQUORLS. JOHN A. RODGER?, B.HALCOMB,. WM. H. DOAK,B. O. BOONE.G. H. WORTH,ofstrictintegrity. isaworthyman. Henry.P.West,TammanyandCit- izens, saddler,, has been a school officer for twelve years. 27th,pastedatnoon,with<dxp^^sengersand$4,000in AmaunamedJohnMurray,livinginMadisonstreet CharlesMcCarty.rumseHer.No.612Thirdavenue. Beisperfectlyfamiliarwiththeschoolsystem,and in this city, on Saturday evening placed a muzzle of a This man, as Councilman, voted for the Japanese swin- Las been a,member of tbe. Board. *J. H. Collins, Mo--Arrivalofthe^oxxyExpress.TheIprosecution.W$M ^- «>w-examinationof David Stu£*ti , ; . ;.•',.' './:••.,: , . ,.-•.;,SIR: I have just executed on anBWer fo"JMr. Burch'a applica- The vote o f the State cannot exeeed 118,500. Lin- tion for a bill of divorce from our ma.rriape"relations. Will you,bers, termed. School Commissioners, from each of theitnpecniyitwewai^ut These are elected for two years,and half of them go out every year. There is therefore Schoofe."'•_'<''":•'$0 '.'••.,'''.'•:'^I-;oneSchoolCommissionertobeelectedfromeachWardwhich is one ofthe most economical in the ^^rJ^9has for many years occupied promiherrt poldMww on leading Committees i n the Board; and no man does more work in a quiet way than he. TVo years agfe be got a clean majority over all the reguia^TOiniai-iions, Republican and Democratic. #£v( * 2f»XXII. James Marriner, Republican and People's, lawyer, present merriher^ and a faithful and capable man, is a candidate for reelection. He 'should receive the vote of every Republican i n the ward, and will get the votes of manr Democrats. Dr. R . B . Brad- ford, tbe protect of Fernando Wood, has the Ttunma* ny and Unioh nominations, and J. A. McSorly, notary, the Mozart nomination. :.'.,: *»SEVENTH ALDERMANIC DISTRICT.*^COUNCILMAN DANIEL I>ARROW'S RECORD. \ To the Editor of The N. &.Tribune. . v , ••'.«| |The Governor will decline the request of the clergy- coln, i t i s generally conceded, wiH have 700 to 1,000' as my friend and solicitor, appear i n Court o r find some other dimmish the too heavy cost o f our present Common*plurality.Returns from all the counties in Oregon give Lincolnlawyer, to do so, and do for me what shall be perfectly right and j%u*taBbetweenMr.Burohandmyself.Yours, . MARY W . BUKCH.; ; : :Canvassing is vigorously going on for the choice o fdelegates t o the Convention. All, however^ stand two weeks, was stated by the managers at $32,500. . aftertl^e^nterview with Mrs. Burch, I-told her that deimehand Cpuncilm'en, and adv ise a l l good citizens;:men. ' ':'.•-' '••'' ",',; '\[ >.'.. :; " .,> <4,upon one platform, and the result will b e the same, whoever is elected.FLORIDA.Accounts from Lower California state that the baud Mr. Burch had informed me that she had connived to vote for none but men of uttimp* >achable integrity.of fillibusters who have been committing murders and with David Stuart m a n attempt t o ruin ; ! POft ALDERMKR* • . , , ' depredations in. the Peninsula are a l l driven out, S SI JS1^'*I J?!id brer HOthin&more» ^ l bad District I . Henry Smith, tbev_t >reeent Alderman. leaving the country quiet. 1%P- rJ° ?u f f a l°l.J ^turned-to Albany on the Mr. Sm>th is a tow-boat agentj.afrlt^0' 16 South street.- Confiding, no doubt, i» the Btatemente made to •yon by individuals who appeared AS ex-Councilman Dar-Convention bill. It meets on the 3d of January.GEORGIA.JCiLLEnoEviLi.E, Ga., Saturday, I>ec. 1,1860. The Bank bill authorized the suspension of specie payments; makes legal the suspension of payment ofto suspend on Monday. .T i k e K a n w f i T r o u b l e s .W A R S A W , Mo., Friday, Nov. 30, 1860. >John L. Bleakley, clei-k, reaidih-g^at!undergoing a te*t. The owners are sanguine that the ed witlr defendant's mother;, I had no conversation T.v-.*.^f.i-&-: •,.., .T.-.1:.^ No. 274 Green-investigation will show the silver region of Sierra Ne- previously with defendant; I saw the letter from Mr. wich street, brother of Andrew Ble#lsk V> is the anti-debts till December, 1861.AUOUSTA, Ga., Saturday, Dec. 1,1860.II. William Buckley i s running as Republican .and Independent, against James Watson. Tammany andThe yield of the Fremont Gold Mines, for the pastTALLAHASSEE, Fla,, Saturday, Dec. 1,1860.The Florida Legislature unanimously passed t h e Coso eilyer district has arrived at San Fraocisco, and is * ndayl went to New-York, and on Saturday consult- his district, but he voted for the Japan e 8 e swindle.crazy; I don't know whether this is a proper descrip- tion, for she was so much reduced, and s o weak and broken in health, that .her death, before we reached Albany, would not have surprised me. •':'•'-.Cross-examined—Was absent from the house o n Wednesdaymgbtduringmybrother's-sicknesfl;Iwent ship Meteor. Falmouth, England; bark S*r;»h Wnrren, on a to the depot to meet my mother, who was expected in. Charles H. HaU, painter, No. 8 James slip; residesoffice, in this-city, in which capacity he discharged has go& I badge have a popularity in the Sixth Ward which •schemes were put through, despite the outcry of p*o«Arrived.17th,brigEmilyW.Soyburn.from Cuba•sailed17th,,stre«t,RepublicanandCitizens;isanoldschoolofiicerWest. Itisfromareliable source,and therefore full whalingcruise:brigOrbit.HongKoiur;barkTuiaco, Falmouth. thenudnjghttrain.' •Joseph W. Hawks, said to be a carman.tohi*.echooldnties. Dr,J.Galvin,Mozart;hasnever nell.McConnell,Piatt,OttarHon.DanielDarrow,Lent,Laimb««r,COMMKKCIAI..—The market continues quiet, and sales from 9(h of March, 18.r>8. .first.hands are limited. To-day there is an improved demimd for Cross-examined—Oh the night of the' Christmas eve Candles by the trade; 2,000 boxes Adamantines chanced hands at241.-&244C., being i«. better. Provisions of all kinds are heavy, dance I was making myself generally useful, dancing and t^uduig downward. Butter is very slow, with only a fewpackages extra brands Isthmus selling a t 32Jc. Recent receiptsof Spirits Turpentine have depressed the market: prices nomi-nal ; 80c. could not be obtained. On Saturday the Krnily N. Ley-'burn arrived with a cargo of Cuba Sugar; it is advertised at auc- tion,, and other holders arc pr-nsing their lots; qualities lately worth 10c. can be had for 3ic., with nu lmjmi», nil dc*<n-i7>*U>ii.iThe deposition of Wm. Marsh was then read. I tproves the meeting o f the Historical'Society at theDeputy Ci mnty Clerk.IX- Jam es W . Farr, Republican, tax officer, present nineteen Conncilmen^ joined t o "put i t " tbroagbu'*KKmiliofWirtrH. Brown, N«v«n>W 90, 1857. T h e areunfavorably affected: small sales crushed at 14?®l43c. Spirits meeting commenced at 7 o'clock, and lasted until afterHenry S- Jeimings, bookbinder, No. 104 Broome member tm\l Chairman of the, Normal School Commits Those voting in the affirmative were: iThe C. O. C. and P . P . express coach, from Denverdust. # |No news from the mines. {Capt. Anderson, with his company of Dragoons,loaded gun-barrel, detached from the .stock, to h is dle, and other -corrupt measures. zart, tobacconist, is a man of fair character.E x p r e « K .returned at noon to-daiy, without being able to hold aninterview with the In'dians to qniiet the apprehensions contact with a lighted candle, discharging the weapon. of Hettlere, express riders, and mail agents, along the Murray's head'was blown off, and portions' of his skull Platte, at the hostile attitude th« Indians have assumed. and brains scattered about the room. The barrel re- The commanding officer here has ordered Capt. Steele,with his company of Second Infantry, t o leave t o -morrow morning"<for Cotton-Wood Springs, where, itis reported,whole bands of Arapahoes, Cheyennes, andSioux, are encamped, to the nnfnher of ten or; fifteenthousand. Emboldened by numbers, they annoy trav-elers, and commit both grand and pettv larcenies. I tis greatly feared that a general War will break out. -enue, has been nominated- by the Anti-Japanese Re- publicans of the Twentieth Ward, against McCarty.swindle; is a builder b y profession, and bears a good 70-Amity street, never a school-officer; and Mr. Bene- reputation. H e was nominated by the Liberty Hall dict's independent course o n the Bible question has Republicans of the Twentieth Ward. &iven offense to some of his previous supporters in theDaniel E. Gavitt, engraver and stationer, No. 114 Ward.Broadway, and No. 164 West Thirty-sixth street. M r . XVI. Robert A . Adams, Republican, lawyer, aRepublican this morning, is untrue. that the Bank shall not suspend.Tho Cashier says• r —- /The steamship Keystone State leaves this evening at 7 o'clock f o r Havana, with the Isabel's mails and passengers. The steamship Catawba will leave i n place of the Isabel on the 10th iiust.have every reason to believe he i s both honest and capable. ....... •!"..!.- •George T . Burns, carpenter, No. 73 West Forty- ninth street. Mr. B. is a reputable master mechanic.J. _W. Marshall, carpenter, No. 116 East Twenty- third street arid No. 426 Second avenue.ai:d still more famous for his speeches, in the Board. He is opposed b y Orlando P . Smith, Tammany and Mozart, and as Ostensibly by Nathaniel Ellis, National Union, who will probably withdraw. Mr. Adams was beaten last year. He is now supported by A. J. H. Duganne and'Dr. J. W. Ramsey. For the short Term —Samuel H. B. Vance is the Republican candidate; heX l i e 7MT»*liaJvv<? B a n k . STOCKUKIDGK; Mass., Saturday, Dec. 1, I860.The report of the 8Usi>enMonOf the Mahaiwe Bank of Great Barrington, published i n 1 he. SpringfieldCharles C. Pin»<ney. broker, No. 72 Wall street andNo. 15 WeBt Thirty-ninth street. •Mr. P . is a.member is opposed by J. W . Murray, who has all the opposi- of the present Council Board, and distinguished him- tion nominations. All these candidates, we believe areVirginia Iffa.tt«r«>. KicHMosi), Saturday, Dec. 1, 1860.Money easier;. Exchange on New-York, 0 per cent premium; o n Baltimore and Philadelphia, .2j ®3 {>er cent; gold,.2j. North and South CaroJijja notes i> per cent discount..TheGovernorwillrequesttheclergymentoappoiut a day of fasting and prayer.—— •Karnincr*. o i ' t b e Gx-nit W e s t e r n R a i l - TORO.VTO, Saturday, I>ec 1, I860.The Gr«at Western Railway earrixtigs for the week ending yesterday amount to $ 10,500, an inci'eage over the corresponding week last year of $-.',000.—' mA. Trade Meeting l u JPean^ylvania.PrrrsBUKC, Pa., Saturday, Dec. 1, i860. At the adjourned meeting of the cotton and woolenmanufacturers to-day, a resolution was adopted recom htending the rnuning Of th«s mill»» upon half time, for the y^ertent. I t was »,tate<l that over-production was as mucK-the cause of the present heavy Htock on baud, as the infiOwn.ce of politicn.. *IVavIgraifoii o n tfae If udMon. AI.BAKV, Dec. ii, 18<J0.The weather is cold and Llustering, and snow h a s been falling nearly all day. There i s conwdeiuhleice on the canal, and'some in the'river. The steam-tug Olio left f o r New-York this evening, With a very large tow. A t lea*t 100 .boats are bet ween hero aud Tr«»y, waiting to be towed to New-York.men of good character and standing.XVII. Samuel P . Patterson, Republican, President of the Butcher's Hide and Melting Association, is, we VinthDistrict(16thand20thWards). WilliamH. believe,theonlyfitman in nomination. The other Bull, lawyer, Republican, No. 62 White street; resi- candidates are F. Jentz, Independent Republican, G . dence No."287 West Eighteenth street. Mr. Bull is a N. Hermann, Tammany, not in the Directory; T. Ken-NAriERyULK,BL,Saturday,Dec1,i860. lcA tun of ore from five different leads in the New- following Thursday; I didnot seeMrs.Burchagain; on He hasdone good work for tha Rei >nhlican party inwith the giils, &c. [laughter]; David Stuart enffafted timeelf generally in dancing with all the good^lookino- gins that came along. [Loud laughter.}streets, and well known citizen «nd property owner of the Tenth Ward.swindle, and he bears the reputation of being.an honesti r i m i ^ , ,.',•.»from ma xiy a useless expenditure and^ exorbitant: joining tbe present ferry slip a t the foot o f Grand charge. Peter (formerly Councilman) Crawford is the' street, New-York, to the'foot of South Seventh street,10, when it adjourned.The deposition o f Mrs. Emma R. Banks was read.She deposed to attending the concert a t the MelrosaBy turning to page 60S volume 76 of the same pTO- Simon Hazeltine, bookkeeper, Ann street, is said t o wilFundoubtedly be withdrawn. Mr. Farr's election* ceedinmj, it will be seen that o n the 10th of October,. be a worthy man. will require the full Kept iblican vote of the Ward. 1859, the Union Ferry Company's immense project fox*given an extra ticket to Mr. Stnart; Mr. Stuart came to the concert during the evening.X. David Miller, Repu.blicanr Deputy Tax Commis-V. Henry A. Smith is indorsed by the German Re- sioner, No. 113 Hester *ti eet, ia the best man in the consolidating in itself a monopoly of the Fulton, SoutJr,.publicans, and well tjpoken of in the Thirteenth Ward. Hamilton-avenue, Catherine and- Wall Hti-eet ferric* VI. Alex. H. Keech, printer, No; 23 Ann street, has field. Wm. McCaffil, Tt immany, tobacconist, No. 51 was " put through " by a close " Ring " vote in thebeen School Trustee Ninth Ward; residence No. 215 Bowery; Norman McLeo>d, Mozart, Deputy Sheriff Board o f Conncilmen; rumor of a- very substantial* the keeper of Eldridge-etr* et Jail, and John F . Bailey,'Mrs. Harriet Coming's deposition was now offered, when a discussion arose as to its admission.Mr. Beckwith argued in favor of its admissibility, as beingtestimonyasto'thefiietthingssaidbythede- fendant after Wving her husband's house in terror, and us being the first time she could speak free fromVarickstreet.Mr.Keechisoneofthemostpopular Independent,lawyer,No.232Broomestreet,oppose kindatthetimeassertingthatnolessthanthirtythous>-bounded, and striking his mother-in-law, ten feet dis-tant, penetrated four inches into her- chest. lieved she cannot survive.It is be-• .blydamaged. Loss$2o,000;insured.* .THE KANSAS FAMINE.—We understand that a'move- ment is now in progress in this city with a view to organizing a fund for tho relief of the sufferers in Kan- fc-as. A m e e t i n g of gentlemen friendly to the object was held on Saturday evening, at which arrangements were made for a public meeting, at which several gen- tlemen from Kansas are t o appear and submit state- ments of the case as it really presents itself. We have seen a call for the meeting signed by a number of our moKt prominent citizen*. I t i s t o b e hoped that any practical measure f o r the aid o f the suffering in the Territory will meet with encouragement.PitiZE-Fir.HT.T-At a late hour last night the Eighth Ward Police reported that Woods and King were making preparations for a prize-fight, and that a num- ber of persons were t<co\»riu.g the precinct i n search.of vehicles to convey them' t o the battle ground, back of Ilobokeii. Tho pugilists and their friends were t oleave the city at; 1 o'clock, and the fight WHS to takecivilcourts,forthepastnine.years,andhasbyhisUiion.ability and conduct earned for himself a high standing XVIII. James Fairman, Republican, present mem-amongthelegalfraternity. ber,isupforreelection. Heiaacampaignspeakerof Wm. E . Robinson (Richelieu) is a lawyer in good considerable ability,,as most Republicans in the citystanding, residence No. 219 West Thirty-second street, know, and a promising young man. lie will have y^i office No; 2G7Broadway, He is the candidate of Mo- easy victory if the Opposition is divided as it n-ow zart Hall, arid one or two independent organizations. pr<miee8 tohe. C: Godfrey Guntherr the popular Ex-Aeahel R. Herrick, clerk in public store, and candi- Aln shouse Governor, and furrier, is the Tam'jaany date of Tammany- Hall. non mee; W . Drake Parsons, of 2f7ie Daily N,ews &place soon after daylight thia morning., , . . ' . ; ^ ^^gutw, ia »cB»didft^ ^ civil Jtwtloe la' the Sbttosuth ond- i S S S ^ ! S ? S S & or•iSS**^'www.fultonhistory.comL, HI* ,»J - Wmt'n^W!' .'JL'H'I"""- W»«^fW»Ftl^»T-••I"•"•'•^w*i«i#M W W W ilfli!iB-I%«J 5»•«**"*J7! g m vvaterbury's duties as District-Attornov rwimm sJl hi**••-*£•b2^fyp?r8°n8n0w J^«inthTTomhfawan.^7 T oonvemence, and vainly deauuding •C a l i f o r n i a a n a O r e g o n f o r K d n c o l n . : The letter ixom Mrs. Brircb to.Judge Skinner, and yell as the yeiy man for,.the place--able, intelligent, hajw vriih pleasure, his letters from WutrfaigMfti and ols««rhere, t*X$Lt w ; ^ j ^ « i , S%bHcaaf lawyerf £ a capable, consider him in some re«peots soperior to other*, not known to-,; men to appoint a day of fasting and prayer.SOUTH CAROLINA.CHARLESTON, Saturday, Dec. i j 1860. AWashingtonspecialdispatchtoThe Courier, semi-official in tone, says that the President hopes SouthCarolina will appreciate the delicacy of his position,' and not compel him to use force for the collection of the- revenue. The President will maintain the laws, collect arrived, although overdue. i ' letter from Mr. Burch to Mr. Pruvu; at the interviewFORT KKARNKT, Dec. 2 , 1860. Thet*onyExpresspassedhereat4.o'clock thisisinthebandwriting"ofMr.Burch,andconveysa largoamountofrealestatefortheco«widerationof $1,000. The deed had never been filed, and was ob-him,andrendergoodservicetothecauseofGeneral, poundinterest,thepleasure,ifany,whichhein"AnIdLang Education.\.•'• '••-'£-.•••'•'.•'•.••••'•;-;•'•&St'-;* ^ '^.f,'$Syne"gavetbemintheperusalofhisletters.•Will-hisreaders—WILLIAKT W . NILKS, Esq., who is the nominee of give this bint a kindly consideration, and act npon it, and they will oblige theli: old friend, '' " R I C H B U E rj>iDemocrat. John DarenpoHv the present men^rrunsagain88anindependentCandidate,withaCitizens'sokd1ax-Payers'nomination. Althoughoneofthe bestRepublicans in the Board, and a Republican candidatemorning.J§A'K FR'*£*MCO, Wednesday, Nov. 21, 1860.the deed ofIsaae H. Burcli ijnd Mary,hiswife,to and-strictlyupright.,'•'Weurge ^11tovoteforihim,, in- tbemsolonjf,will,withoutregardtopolitics,oa*ttheirTot©«to intelligent,worthyman;H.G DeForest, MocartTlL THenry Farnam, were put in by the defense. The deed full confidence thai he will do credit to those who elect. him, he will be elected; and they will thus repay, with com', Diefendorf, Tamnr«>y; J. F. McLaughlin, Independentfor President last January, be was elected a* an Inde- the citizen* of the State petitioned for it, he could not The election return* are not quite complete. T h e tained from the complainant through an order of tho the Bepttbhcahs Of the XXIst Ward for Sohool. Com- Aetff.yor*,Deo.I,1860. . . . ' '. '. • • pendent two years ago. He- came within one vote eCstand in the way. The secession feeling largely pre- total vote returned is 117,816, o f which Lincoln has Conrti .' . ' . •. - • m%io1Ser;?iB one Sa^W" m 0 9 t intelligent and efficientdominates.38,646; Douglas,37,349; Breckinridge,33,357,and Bell, 8,467.the'Repubhcan^ homlnatlon this year. Mr.'Davenport TheletterfromMrs.BurchtvJudgeSkinnerisas|youSgmercbants,who*wJ11dothe Citygoodserviceif THENEWBOARDOEEDUCATION. hasbeenaschoolofficerforthelasttwentryears,anduextToettcjay, for the full term of two years. In the Sixteenth Ward there i s also a Commissioner to be elected for one year, to fill the vacancy occasioned byGreat anxiety exists in Califoruia for further Eastern i l i ^ y ^ n ' J f » d « y euening; o n Saturday I tele binder,-Who has' airways hitherto borne and deserved a the resignation of Dr. Dewitt C. Peters, now in theintelligence, the latest dates from St. Louis being to the 8th^ inst. Pony Express dates t o the 11th have notgraphed to Mr. Burch to meet me at Suspension Brtdoe <m luesday evemng; I met him there; I bad'read thereputation for honeetj and worth which he. will not forfeit i n the pubfo Service. W e trust he'will be :.v.-' i • •' •' .••'••!* •':'.' '•.• '-' '• •' :. : .•'•.•• \ •Navy; and in the Nineteenth Ward faere is a vacancy, occasioned' by a tie vote at the Charter election last year. W e have gathered together such information as we were able in regard to the more prominent of the'iThe lute storm has caused much damage in the inte- Air. Jjurch gave much the same acconnt as contained rior -of the State. Many' flumes and ditches are seri- m, the letter; he told me that one of the arguments, hethe revenue, and protect the public property.CHARLESTON, Dec. 2,1860. Gov. Gist has received a letter from Maj. Lees, com- manding the Baltimore National Volunteers, a lightt h e regiment has-unanimously resolved to support with Oouverneur Morris, a lawyer, residing i n the same Turner, the mother o f the defendant, was a t New- is the nominee' o f the 3iefi. .i.et' Convention, and Mr.ously injured, houses unroofed, fences blown down, &c. ^ One of the big trees of Calaveras, measuring 36 feet in diameter, Was prostrated.used to obtain the confession was putting his fist frvthe face of Mrs, Burch and saying, " You shall confess;" in deecntanghia action, he doubled up his hand and putCoRREC'EJ^S^-Our r^">ort o n Saturday morning tothe^ffiect ^aWbanieF ,E. Ga^t ha<J withdrawn as a multitudinous candidates, who have entered the fieldtown, had a renconhter growing out of a political con- York under the Doctor's care; I telegraphed to her. their lives any State o r States i n secession from this troversy, o n the 15tb, during which Shannon was and she came to Albany on Thursdayfand remainedTownsend of th'e-Associatiba x meeting at Liberty Hall./ BEPUBLICAN ' G B TDIDATES.Commissioner is as hotly fought for, especially in the. SIR; Many tax-payers of this •AJdennanic Diatrio* plundering Wards, as though i t were a lucrative one, have regretted t o see how grossly you have,been de-accursed league, and tendering their services in the event of coercion.killed, after the parties had exchanged several shots. Morris has been acquitted on the ground that he acted in self-defense.although it is well known that there i s no salary at-tached t o i t . Perhaps the fact that the gentlemenelected this year will have a hand in the expenditure ofnearly three millions of dollars (unless the Legislatureshould interfere and place our Schools on a better basis)may account for thecircumstancetbathitthe:finmciallyfamous :Epurth Ward,; there are no lessithan aeven can-, row's friends, you not only denied that he ever voted didatee for the single seat i n the Board which is to bV for Juclge, JT^aw'eTohlcers Railroad scheme, but h^iv«Erast us Corning, sworn—I first heard o f the diffi- cilmen in the Second District (Tenth, Eleventh, Thir- cultyintheBurchfamilyonWednesdayevening,318 majority over Breckinridge. Douglas is numberthree in'the race. ' • . _ . • • ' • • ' after my returnjrom New-York; Mrs. Brtrch arrived teenth, and Seventeenth Wards), i s a working book-till the next morning; then her heahh compelled her to return for medical advice; Mrs. Burch. the defend- ant, went to the Falls with her brother, Horace Tur- ner; a t the same time.I went and saw her there;ceived by the misstatements put forward* ou behalf of ex-Councilman Daniel Darrow, now a candidafcb^tor Representative of this District in-the Board of Alder-even gone eo far as to indorse his whole official career as one marked b y "unflinching integrity," and e » forth. .' X *By consulting volume 76, page 920 of the Proceed-ings of the Board o f Councilmen f o r the year 1859,you will see tbat the Yonkers Railroad bill was intro-duced by Councilman Piatt, on the 7th of Deoemberinthat year, and was passed,by a vote of sixteen to twoythe following Councilmen voting in the affirmative:'C~onncilmenM"c"Ca"rt Bickford,'Jonea,;Tipgw.Bolteol,OB? more. Van Tine, Rhode*, McConnell, Piatt." "Ottarnnion, DanWI Darrow, Lent, Ira A. Allen, Town»end and Valentine.If Mr. Darrow claims tbat bis name was improperly inserted in this list, why did he not insist on having the record amended at the next meeting, or at the sub- sequent meeting when Mayor Tiemann sent in his veto against the projected swindle ?Burton, R. A. B. England, G. W. McDonald, R. Hinckay, J. R. land route to prevent her going direct to where her well for the citizens o f New-York if her Ck^^.^mmon with the schools. His father has been a very good As to the integrity of Mr. Darrow's official career aeformed €»>r -enrolling a Volunteer Company. Eighty- Taternon and brother, E. F. Mason and infant, Mrs. Sarah*Ragun,R. C. Mason, E. H. Clayborne, G . Cahn, F . I I . Steward, A . brother was; Mrs. Burch has n o father living; herRr*rAr<d, Tbat We, 1n common -with the people of the border IS. EhltvMr*. L..Letcher and »<ervant, J. D. Frinbie, J. H. Wil- The counsel for the complainant declined to cross ex- Mr. Hall is a man o f sterling character, and-w ould school in the Ward until the present year. 9, of the proceedings of the Common Council on Julyfilled at this election. We notice the candidates under the beads of the Wards.I. Thomas Cone, Republican, liquors, No. 139 Wash- ington street. Charles McKay, Tammany, present member, has never distinguished himself by any act in the Board.' J. H. Williams, Mozart, is now a Trustee in the Iidcal Board of the Ward.H. ~D. Gwoutgshn, Dur.. Adelberg, cCapt. J . McGowan, Capt. E . him to Mrs. Burch; I handedit to her and gave her di- street, haabeen five years in the'Commcm ' Council.-is Mozart, a n employee in the Post-Office, now in the Itisunderstoodinbankcirclesthatallthebanksare HawesHenryWilkins.,W.B.Damerou,R.Bayerque,N.Bay- rectionsandadvicenottoansweritorwriteanymore in"theBing,"andvotedfortheJknwrimeSwindle; Board.Mr.Watsonhasshownagooddealofinde-vada- the best and most extensive in the world. Burch to Mrs. Turner, either at Albany or New-York; The steamer Golden Age loft soon after 9 o'clock S P y ? 3 TM ^ l e t t 6 r e re<:eived from Mr. Burch, neitherthat to Mr. Pruyn, those to me or that to Mrs. Turner,Jaranese candidate. " . « , • ' HI. George C. Byrne, merchant- of N o - 221 wejat,this morning with the mail and $1,216,213, of whichstreet, is a*large taxpa\er, has lived* 30years m thea$10,000 to Panama. The Golden Age also took 520 JNew-York; on the following Monday I received a let- citizens. ..-were shown to the defendant before my return frompassengers as follows: erf rom the TRev. Mr. Patterson, inclosing one from V. John H . Brady, stair builder,-. Ns>. • W£*Sp%$1,078,713goes to New-York, $128,000 to England,Vth Ward, and is generally eetoomedirespectableerque, Mr. Dubrnca and wife, Co). Gibbo, vJs^Capt. Floyd, U. S. A'. letters; the first conversation I had with Mrs. Burch per contra, be refused the bribe o f $i5|000- . t o vote forJ. H. Thoraw, Francis Thomas, Leopold Thomas, F.'D. Headley, on the matter, since the interview at the Falls, was on Fernando Wood's candidate for Croton Co*, '"issioner. pendence i n bis votes in the Board, having several Cant. Burton, U. S. A., H. Klein, J. Shamper. J. Shiloh. A. P. the Thursday following my last visit t o New-York: 3 times voted with the Republicans, from conviction o fPhipps, Mrs. John Morgan, G«o. Ballersby. John Hutchimts, E VII. Daniel Darrow, wharfinger, No.- 3 ° West right, when the strongest party pressure was broughtEldridge,_M. B. Kimball, P". M" cC~ omruaus'R. Drummond, L. A'. from the time of the defendant's arrival at Albany un- f-treet, residence No. 1 1 Horatio street;: h a s been to bear on him.Ryder, Mrs. Diana Pi eyton, J. Anthony, wife and two infants,• til Mr. Sedgwick's visit on the second Thursday after, Councilman, and'suetained a good character:-Geo. Gnmbert, Jacob Feller and family, T. Peel, D. H. McAu- she was in ahighly excited.state, and as much like a dis- IX. Isaac Davton, lawyer, No. 267 Broiidwa 7»' resi- III. Robert S. Gould, jr., son of the outgoing mem- nich, M. A. Peyser. J. N. Merrin,e. H. V. Day, L. Bbnralot, Mrs. tracted woman as you could imagine; Mr. Burch told me v ber, is the Republican nominee. Mr. Gould is a clothierA meeting of the people of Benton County was heldyesterdayattheCoort-House.ACommitteewasM.Derwent,infantandservant,.MissTheree©Derwent,Capt. he.had.sentMrs.BnrchbytheFortWayneandCleve-dence-NO.319"WestTwenty-fourthstreetai'twereinWashingtonstreet,andDasneverbeenconnectedfive members were reported. The following resolu- Noge*, Alex. Weile, George Parker and wife, A. F. Tomb, B . onlv brother is Horace Turner. 6 'tionswereadopted: Tomb.S.B.Smith,wifeandtwochildrenandnervant, way;residence,No.207WestThirty-fourth'»t•reet.however,--havebeenratherslight,astherehasbeen.nodorsingit.Letreferencebemadetovolume75,pagecounties, bail with feeling* of the greateat satisfaction tho prompt b*nr. "Henry Sharp, Mr«. H. P . Rush. 3 childrenn ana servant, J. amine the witness. Mrs. Burch was deeply affected make an hone'st Alderman.LiTV. H. G . Leask, hatter, fNo. 123 Chatham, and lltb.1859, and Mr. Daniel Darrow will be found votingandenergeticactionoft>ov.Stewart inaondingtroop*todefend too boiu>ea and fireVidea of the border nqnatter*. a t a time when we were wholly onaid* to do »o onrxetvea for want of axma andduringMr.Coming'sexamination.Horace Turner, sworn—I was at Mr. Burch's houseXIII.Ira A. Allfen, lumberavenue, corner Thirty-ninth street"; residence,- Nov. 1^7fortheresolutionauthorizingtheBrooklynFerryCom- pany to'agree with the Union Ferry Company " for the use of the ferry slips, and purchase of tbe ferry fixture*and regard for individual right*, not onty to hold himself in readi- n e s s t o t u r n o u t a t a m o m e n t ' s w a r n i n g , b u t g i v e a l l t h e a i d a n ddren. T. J. Geary, H- Valliant, J. Adams and wife, N. C. Beale, Lewis Beal W. C. Howland, J. C. Emery, J. Beal, Mrs. Milne, C. G . J a m e s . G . W . A . S m i t h , H . A . H o w e . ^ r m . B i s a h o f f , B .wedding, be would have Mr. Stuart there; I never wasXV. Wm. Haw, jr., builder; residence, Nov-17- 4 E a s t T w e n t y - s e v e n t h s t r e e t . H i g ' r e p u t a t i o n - ' s t a n d * * : fiiir. y ' ...":.'\>H.Parshaf,Jo*iahMorria, Dr.McCheeney,A.WVJonw.'P.H.Whitehall, M. B. Erwin, H. A . Cook, H . Lincoln, M. Keinff,wife and 2 infan{», M. Guinon. ROB* SteTens, C . AncfuRte, H.'Barber, C. Siedeker, J. H. Oilman. H. M. Lead*, J . Myera, A. at the death of my brother Joseph; h e was very sick Weet Fiftieth street. Mr. Allen is a member' of: t h eEfey*nthKc»oiv*<l, That we regard it the duty of every law-abiding citi- A. Harris, J. Bnell, wife and 2 chilnren. Miss Kipp. S. R. Toll. -!fn I » r r i v e d ; I ^ w Mr. Stuart there; Mr. Burch present Council B0ard> in which he opposed and vott ^ Creaien, Mozart, not i n the directory; J. Ridden, In- at the foot o f Roosevelt street, East River, and thejten who feels a proper respect for the supremacy of the laws Mra. A. H. Ashley, A. E. Dotrinal. J . G. Duke, wife and Gchil- saw on Tuesday night, after coming from Dekevea's against the Japanese ewnidle.dependent, furniture, No- 127 Chatham. There are purchase of the ferry lease under which a ferry is now several others, some claiming regular nominations. . run from Roosevelt street, New York, to* BridgeV . J a m e s B . D u p i g n a c i s t h e n o m i n e e o f t h e C i t i z e n ' s s t r e e t , B r o o k l y n ; a n d t o r u n s a i d f e r r y f r o m R o o s e v e l t SchoolOrganizationhithisWard.ThisorganizationstreettoSouthSeventh'street,Brooklyn,E.D-,foro u t a n y n i g h t p l a y i n g c a r d s d u r i n g m y b r o t h e r ' s i l l - assistancetothetroopsnowinthefieldforonrprotection. Lorcelin,Mr.andMrs.Micbonandchild.P.E.Bound,O.C.ness;nevertoldFannyBurchso;IconversedwithRr«>ir<4, That when the country i- threatened as this is, by a "West, Chas. Jacks, Bandrey Lonitns, B. Tricst and servant, B.band of blood-thirsty villains, who boldly proclaim their, inten- Harris, H. H. Baker, N. Grayson. G. Amador, F. E. Barney, H. V « o B Y , 1 ^ o a t , M r - S t u a r t f o r s o m e time in January, XVII. Wm. Dunning, lumber merchant, Twelftif* has for j ears nominated alternately from the Demo- the unexpired term of said lease," at the same rent a »tion not only to forcibly and illetcally take our property, but who Pettengill. H. C. Van Horn. N . A . Chandler, Charles Ordway lJ58^IhadIieandofMr. Stuart in Detroit; I asked actually bsnr tip in broad daylight, in view of theirdiittracted and wife H. L. Senior, R. Haddor. Mrs. Sharbora and infant. E. Mr..Burch 'what he knew of Mr. Stuart?" h e said,avenue, corner West One^-hundred-and-thirtieth btreet? cratic and Republican parties; always nominates good was paid to the City by the Union Ferry Company. residence, Gne-hundred-and-thirtieth street, - near ' men, and always elects tbem. I t returned James Tut- Mr. Daniel Dairow also voted f o r the resolutionEleventh avenue; isa citizenofreapectability;who- ought to be elected. His Democratic opponent is the- notorious Aldennan Genet. „ ,and heiples* families, for no otterae under heaven.^ our very best Citizens, and with newly-furnished armsfromNorthernfacto- ries, shipped, clandestinely t o Kansas, roam over the country, breaking u p a l l the peaceful relations o f -whole settlements, turning oat Ooverament officers and Sheriff*, and chafing awaymil law-abiding citizen*: that w e feel proud of the course of our Oovernor, and also proud t o claim the citizen soldiery of St. Lonw, Booneville. and Jefferson, and other military organiza- tions of oar State, as the bulwark of our safety in time of need.Flowers. A. J. Winter, A. L. Bradbury. Henry R. White, E. J. Day,J.Reeve,Mra.J. Howardandchild,P.Morrill,jr.,and385 others.The following is the treasure list:W^ells. Fargo 4i Co... $2ft0,000 B. T. Ha8kiugs.& Cort a v e r v 0 0 d f '! *•LHS - ^liiir, a Republican, to the Board last year. This yearRctolrrd That w e are glad that Mr. Buchanan has»e«xnedtoarriveata propw sense o f bis duty b y dispatching J»e.vi Stransa 57.000 T. H. &J. S. Bacon.. 14,040ry Howard, Mozartr and H . Bateman, Independent, expired term o f said lease between James Slipr New No. 125Madiebn street; has.been collector in the Canal nret in the directory, are the candidates. T»ie chances York, and Hunter's Point, JLong Island " at the samn140,130 Fritz & Ralston ..... 128.000 Henry Hentsch.;*"*,»>00 35,000 32.400- 30,000enow;" I said I had heard tbat Air. Stuart s reputation as. to females was bad: Mr. Bnrch replied that be knew all that, but did not believe it, arid that he thought Mr. Stuart was a- gen- tleman, or words to that-effect o r that.import; from»FOR COUSTCILMEN.itreplacesDr.Eager,whowillnot consent to serve authorizingtheBrooklynFerryCompany "tochange the Brooklyn terminus of the ferry as now run front again,: bv Mr. Bupignac, a Democrat, long a member James Slip, New York, t o South Seventh street,i the iLocal Board. Davfd Jackson, Mozart, will Brooklyn, E. D., t o o r near Hunter's Point, Long I ave fcbe honor of being beaten by Mr. Dttpignac. Island," or to " dispose of tbe said lease and ferry fix- VI. Patrick Wade, Tammany, Custom-Hbuse; Har- tures at James Slipr for a ferry to be run, for the un-Alsop ii CoB. DavidsonSatherfe Church..... 103,300 James Patrick it Co.Abel Guy 60.000 Treadwellit Co..... 15,000Dietrict IV. G. L. Dougherty, work-sin Washington" 1 returned from the Falls with her, she seemed almoat market. , ; . •-.the time I *aw Mrs. Burch, after this occurrence, untilUntitled Documenthope that a Board composed mainly of such men would—HENiir'A.J?MITH, one o f the" eandidates for Coun-candidate ;fdr CoimcHmaM in the VHth District, in fa-or these twenty-four offices.It is not a little singular that the^ office of SchoolW e grvefa list of the Eepubl'ws a n candidates for Al- 8Council could be composed of such men as Mr.'l3>i tyton. Councilman, i t lias been with feelings of unmingled Corrmif eioner. E . B . Heath, Tammany and Mozart,XI. Gen. Wm. HaU, music dealer, No: 543- "fc 'road- has been a school officer for some years. The duties, astonishment that. we have seen THE TRIBUNE i n -merchant,Benj. F . Buck are the Republican candidates. J . Langdon, Tammany, earner, No. 8 Dover street; P .Joseph L. Ferley, machinist, residence No. 112 Co-lumbia street. Mr. Perley voted-against the Japanese schools. .Mozartis represented b y David A. Fowler,street. An honest and respecablef citizen.Ipaac McGay, cracker baker, No 119 Forsyth street-..Mr. McGay is a well known citizen of the Seventeenth W ard, a large property owner, and well qualified for the position. •tee, is a very active ,tjpid zealous school officer. Wm.; J. Van Arsd ale, broker, has the Democratic nomina- natienr and will be?Mr.. Farr's only opponent, as Ed- ward Riu?eelJ, National Union (not in the directory)Coimcilmen MoCartr, Bick/oTd. BnltesI, Van Tine,-'.H*H».0«pr*- nell, Craft; McConnell, Piatt, Ottarson, Daniel narrow. LeaC jto**, Laiinheer. jr., Ira A. Allen, Deokcr, Townaeud, Valenttatow C&ti AU>xun<i«rV'roni.dull and unchanged. Steady business doing in Wheat for export; receipts light but prices good; shipping qualities command #1 50 'a ^1.55, and extra $1 60.Flour is stiffening a little; Barley of superior qnulity is sellingfor New-York io moderate quantities, at ssi OO&l 05 percental;exportordersforbreadstuffsare mostlj filled, but will be renewed Hall, in Chicago, in May, 1857; went with Mr. Burch ut soon as tunnage can be.obtained. The Tropic sailed to-day and his wife; I heard Mr. Bnrch tell his wife h e had for New-York with 1,500 sacks Barley. 6.500 sacks Wheat, 800bale* of Wool, 15,600 sides, 371 bbls ham, 90 bbls Pork, and aquantity of hard wood. Her cargo i s valued a t #125,000; F i - ,nanclal affairs are healthy, but scarcely easy. The country oweslargely,to the city trade for stenmer engagements. Yesterdaymo'ney rnled at lV»ljJ -P"cent., with a brisk aemaiid. Gold Wars,#8~traw-S80.SightExchangeaonNew-York,2}-8>3^cent.premium._—•had the manliness to oppose the consummation of the sturdy honesty and:sound senses H e is opposed by The job, however, was ',' put through" at a pressure of fraud. He is indorsed by the Hon. Geo. Opdyke, Mr. Wesley Smith,Tammany amd National Union, member so many reasons to tho " square vote;" and the follow- Astor, and other property owners in the District. of the' Board o f Alderm«m, known a s the Forty ing are the Councilmen who voted in its foror:Henry T . Cleveland, lawyer i n Dey. street; res- Thieves. • Councilmen McCarty, Jones, Bulteel, Van -CMae, Rhode*, Cor- idence in Bleecker street. Mr. Cleveland is Secretary XII. Edgar Ketchum, Republican, lawyer, long a nell, McConnell, Piatt, Ottarwn, Ilaniel Darrow, Lent, Irm A. of t i e Republican Central Committee, and would make School. officer, and once a member o f the PubKc All^u, Jlecker, TowjiKend. Valentin* *»* Alexander Krear.men in the Ninth Ward..Abraham Lent, tailor, No. 753 Broadway; residencehim. ; .XI. Christian Metzgar, citizens, Mozart and Repub-and'valid reason had to be, presented to the Common: Council" before the Aldermen and Councilmeu could see- the propriety of sacrificing the interests of tbe people-*mXI»e JPilce's P e a kFOKT. KKAKNKY. Friday, Nov. 30,1860. restraint. „ * Japanese swindle, at the offset, but seeing his error, lican, ship-builder, iy the present member, a man of for tfae-beielit of the monopolizing ferry speculators.TTie coach from Denver City Nov. 26 pasaed. here The Court ruled the deposition out. except so far asandNo.67LondonTerrace. Mr.Orton isanunex- Fifty-two freight wagons belonging t o Alexander man from, Ireland," at the theater on that evening. ceptionable candidate in every respect.Majorsarrivedontheeveningofthe_24th. Large ChristopherBoberts. clerkofthe.Burch Bank,- J.T.Ottiwell,r6oferanahot-airfurnace dealer,numbers are leaving f o r the San Juan mines, and sworn—I cannot tall when Mr. Burch went East i n No. 189 Third avenue, ia a property owner i n the Secretary of the Harmony Insurance Company, pres-No. Ill McDongal street. Mr. Lent voted fo r thea reputable Councilman.. School So< iety, deperves the beartiast support of every Wm. Or-on, book publisher, No.46 Walker street, friend of the schools. We think beis too well knownnottobeelected. James MackeaayTammany,clerk, formerly a member of the Board; James C. Wlllett, Moaart,formerlySheriff;RobertA.Glover,Mo«trt,has long.been, one of the ablest and most active mem-bers of the Board. There is much danger that Mr.Benedict will.be defeated, as all branches of tho oppo- Thirty-fifth street. Mr. T. voted against the Japanese sition have united on Charles D. Brown, dentist, No.Daniel Townsend, Councilman, o f No. 196 WestG. was prominent in the Wide-Awake movement, member of the Board until last Fall, famous for"his ex- CHA.KMssTajf, .Saturday, Dec. 1, 1860. doing good service for the Republican cause, and we posure of the Printing swindle and his Bible bv-law,State.•'.•••.: * » —Fire at Cliiea&fo.CHICAGO, Saturday, Dec. 1,1860.• A lire broke out in the laundry of the Briggs House this afternoon, and before it could be subdued damagedthe building to the amount of $10,000; fully insured. Fire in. Boston.•; i. -. BOSTON,' Dec. 2,1860. . The large,.unfinished dwelling-house No. 124 Beacon street, owned by John S. Coolidge, was destroyed bySteamship Keystoneself by his unswerving opposition t o all kinds of cor- ruption. • • , /He is an independent candidate.CAHD.To 1her.ltctorn of the XVlth and XXthWard* :,and A. A. Valentine, safe manufacturer, •brxU'gs up therear with the National Union party. —Capt. Meade of the United States Army, T . c. It. XIX. M. A. Reed, full term, and Chris*' j,tm Schwartz, Chase and J. T, Dana of Minnesota, aro at the. EverettFOR CIVIL JUDGE.native o f Orange Counry, in this State, and hiw con- nedy, Independent Democrat, and others, we know lire lo>t night. The adjoining building was considera- stantly practiced at the New-York bar, largely in the not how many,' among them John Lloyd, NationalJ1IJl T. Mahlon T . Kewit, clothier, No. |40 Walker ;and t't good man; he has always paid much attentionCouncilmen McCarty, Bickford. Bulteel, Van Tine. Hall, Cor- F. G.Hurlbut, clerk; resides-No. 293 West-Houston had am ything to do with? the schools. jr., Ira A. Allen, Townsend, Valentine, and Alexander Fr«ar.Tammanj • r ominee; he has had nothing to*do with thein the City of Brooklyn, E. D., for the period o£ ten yearsj" and <?oforth. This was an exceedingly **Wg thing," and had so much money in it, that no less thanAnson Willis, res deuce Twenty-third street, former- the Mozart candidate; the National Democracy put H. Wardof the United States Array, are at the Me ^po.y Civil Justice of the old district, and an honest man. forward tho dashing and headstrong John P . Godfrey,' poKtan Hotel.While returning my warmest acknowledgements t o short term, are the Republican nominee M; neither luwo House.he muny peindual und political friondi who have tendered w* lad any experience in-school affairs, dermis McCarty, —The Hon. J . T . Graham o / Delhitheir support for the poaition of Justice of tho Vlllth JudieiHl District,mtdwho, Iknow,orea»honestustheyarcettruet!and generouH in th<> wi«h that 1 should become * candidate for the office, 1 uiuttt, nevertheleMM, nnder preaeut circumstances, decline to permit or sanction the use of :ny n«rc,e in connection there-Tammany, custom-house officer, and - pr e a e n t member, arunning,again,withP.Fordfor*heeh<)rtt€rm ^B. Taylor, lawyer and U. S.^»P'4ltch agent, is on theMczart ticket with Thomas Me( oVjRecord Coui- o donmi£«on fame for the short t e r r ^ ^ T h e X u tional Union rump is represented by >. B p0 r te rXX. Jofin QuackenbuBT [ ii . Police Justice, {epuD cani^. Y., and JudgeW.D.ShipnutnofHartford, are'at the Albe-marie House.—Capt. Gral and Lorcnr 0 H. Alva o f S^idtx are a t . the Lafarge House.—JesseK.Hatiiel^wll0 bu}u tho 8nafl forFulton's fWsteamboat(Cle^^t), completedhis80th birtVWM. 8.DAVISQN- . XETTEK FROM RICnELlEU."with.Ncic-York,;-Doe:'1, I860,•u" Richelieu" begs leave'4upst respectfully to state to has the nommation ot b^j t h Bcctions of tho Republican thereudertioftheTHKTRi«r;KKthathe-i»aoaudidateforjudicial partemthisWard,tu.dwillltulkoa 8tron^n{n# JIohonors. WIIXUME. Ro'jlKa0W) who i*obly "Rijhelleu"in' Br t,ul will> TM tntst, be elected by adayonSaturduv.of My.He i6aa bj^0 md.:-:'. .-.'•'hetu1yYaa amaa,;•—«. •^pt-^.t r?^^.?".^!iijy.wy*MtV^ '"**..-*."i'."ir.)"y* Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069yMi&&M&iL... ' 