 NEW YORK HERALD.J i H K S 6 0 1 0 0 I B E S 5 K T T , HHTOR AND PBOPBIXTOB.were devoid of importance. Mayor Wood by Messrs. Robert Dunlap and Elijah Mather, was present Our gpeci*l deapttch from Albany genuine responsible men o f Niagara, will not be gives Bbrief gynopali of the coatenu of the aoaiui forgotten, when the time for settlement comes. report of the Coauni*donera.in secwrit yThe report of the Superintendent of the Banking Department ef the State of New York, just made to the Legislature, is pub-far the circulation of. the Canadian banks in the United States, particularly la the towns all along the Lakes, is immense, and the greater part of these banks are just as rotten as theIn another page of this day's paper w e pub-lish a letter of Mr. Wilson, United State* Sena-By the overland mail wo have news from San •FHCK R. W. CORNER Of MASS-0 AITS WOVtm « S Francaco to the 16th ult Boainem waa very doU, with UtUe prospect of a revival for some time to come. The general news is unimportant The democraticpoliticians were warmly diacnaaing the subject of appointing delegates to the Charleston Convention. Colonel Fremont h a d taken posses- sion of all the mines adjudged to him without col- lision with the squatters on his property. Advices from Japan state that the British and Russian agents had obtained from t h e Japanese authorities s promise that the onerous restrictions imposed uponThese free tollers, so sigially defeated at our late municipal election, where two ef their oldest standard beejrert were dh^rfaoefully nominated, and afterwards signally defeated,will be scouted out of Charleston with scorn, and w e should not b e surprised, in view of thelishedr e s p e c t s *anothervery i ttwo winch have exploded during thepast year. tor of Massachusetts, in reply to the letter ad- There is no security whatever for the notehold- dressed to him by a Quaker, Henry C. Wright,ers, and H Is unsafe to hare much of such wbich recently appeared in our columns. InTBBMS mtommTffJ THS0> odratn. Homey i tr~ fc«(rfA« net iwww* a» «^sei^p#to»la i n some while deficient i npaper o n hand.InCanadabanks areoftwokinds—onethethis letter Mr. Wilson produces evidence to convict Wright o f gross misrepresentation a a d sneaking meanness, which, indeed, a r e charac- teristic of the abolition party; aad, as tar as the meeting at Natick is concerned, the SenatorwSWtrantecedentsand baggage were examined b y the police, to discover if Helper's pamphlet>ere not being smuggled into the city b y them for distribu- tion. The Union democracy will take their places in the Convention unquestioned. There will not b e a man among their delegates, Whose character, antecedents, and energetic support of Union principles—such principles a s Charles O'Conor so nobly announced in his recentclose charter, and the other the free banks.The former are not secured, the latter are.The total circulation of the close charter banksinCanadais$9,921,900—closeupontenBul- hasthebestoftheargument Butthisdots lions o f dollars—which is far beyond the wants not end the matter. W e hare something far- of the Province, and is of course intended in ther to say about the reply of Mr. Wilson, great part for the United States, and hereun- whose position as United States Senator gives doubtedly it finds its way. To redeem thisW A I X A O K OT H E A T R E , Pott.boxes, at rates given in another column. Ooffee wasttrm, but quiet Freight sng&gementa were Moderate,r e v o l u t i o n a r y r e p u b l i c a n p a r t y , o f w h i c h s o m e two hundred thousand have already been cir- culated in theCentral and Northwestern StatesXRALD, $*oe*n*p» «*». > » r i | i ^ BXMALD. , « - , 3_*ira.», « *te *****mightb eexpected« * «*• K fl°M. «4MT — .— to,an»«yf^fr«l< JMfa*. «r|S~ M purtof d*a*0Oimt. bom to<»rlwU gat+ir; th* cJfrrwlmMmunm*0S*m>* Km <tf mehmem&ai lis cm*$THl TAM11T tiUUMl) — at four pmmfwhatalarmed.OQRMJBPONDIXCZ, com**** impnlvU tutm, mMtmtd fromn an* owtrur of Out world, if _*i, «edl Mmwrnagp** ft*P_moei—M.T ~jro noticeIj4l JwWam, ADrgHTlMMMNTS'e do mot day; adotrttttrnimt* *n-commerce should be removed.The »le* ot cottton yesterday embraced -bout 1,600bake, includia* 8W in transitu. The inarket closedsteady,Wm** OBB FOBBIOM Owi—iriiri—»•• ABB to 8s_. M A •" JJTB PvUHqf mtkOHgmcmt eorrmpondenetweight to his words, and will n o t permit m to pass them by without commentT &BB—LB, m4 *• <*< outhebailsofabootlltfc formildliag aplsads,onthe to*• fiMiT HSBULB;fABUTvast circulation there is little or nothing but "fog" paper. The circulation of the freeCUUfmtmJOB Pi PBurrurospot Kloar was without change of unportaaoe in prices,while sales were made to a moderate extent, including sometransactionsonspeculation,whilelittleornothingwas done for export Southernfloursold to a fair extent,butclosedwithsome 1cm buoyancy, while prices wereunchanged. Wheatwasmore firmly held,whichtended whole country. to check sates, A small lot of choice Kentucky white soldappears,ble business, and therefore there is danger. It wassobeforethelastpanic. TheSuperinten- dent says;—" The year ending In June, 1867,While this gentleman repudiates the aottttl of John Brown and toe overthrow o f slaveryw«A MOBMW, dUctjMMt a*d At-a nimmense andprofita-,.wo.e* _ « _ * -BOWRST TOXATRB. Bfc-crr.-D-Mwa KAB-RM ROT —KnuartAB DITBB—SSBSBBT—Two Or TBB tBori—A OOUWBO VtMlDBMX.violencea n dbloodshed,h edeclares thatV o UAxcaaaanrs THIS xrnmia.year enjoyedb y theOAROu", Hroadway.-SuwB's( The Latest MMfclffesto of the Reltglouus banks during the past ten years." He lays tl 41. Own waswithout change of Importance. Sates and Philosophical Instructors of the down a principle taught by experience, thatSTBUysBsLLB Or MiWUB—BBS QBOBfc.at$1S6,andofanotherdo.ofchoicewhiteCanadianaThisIsInformationwhichwethinkGovernor oppositiontohumanslaveryinAmerica. MowOARDB*.Usui,64c Forkwasrathertetter,butsaleswerelight,at TerrorOpenly Proclaimed. ieit*atieSt,sadprimeattil eoatll (B&Sugars Wegiveinanothercolumn the manifestoof werefirm,withsalesofabout200a800hhda,andof900 Rev.TheodoreParker to theanti-slaveryandLAURA XEEXES THEATRE. CM Bro_lw*y.-iJaB*B rates steady. B U i - A rBBHOBBBOB IB A SBOOB FBOCX.have been a far more becoming course than Either mode is equally objectionable and o b -________n t BOWERT THEATRE, . DABOB ABBFT—__—A LAPIBALAST' 1.—Wo_>- COMB— The Election o f Delegates t o Charleston from one of the treason shops in this city.noxious t o the South, for either strikes a t i t sTHEATRE FRANCAIS, Mft Broadway-LB t - S Na- TOBBL ______BABITUVB AMERICAN n-SSTJW. Bw»«i»l{r-Af*r BOBB H id KTBB—f—«B_1UBS TBB SSOOBD—roatt TuiSTIS.The elections which are aboutbeing held, for and philosophical instructors, as Seward is one swer:—The basks of this State are carrying a line of lsans andBRTAjrrVMTWSTRELS.Mact-ttea'H_k4TSBW_I-%T- -the masses of the democracy are aroused to the keenest indignation at the perfidy, fraud andtionized republican party. In the pulpit, aswell as on the rostrum, he and others haveThe Duty of Use National Members of Congress.very existed in all the States, and not only toe non-interference of Congress with it is guaran- teed, but the active assistance of the several States to restore all fugitive slaves to their owners. T o attempt therefore, to g e t rid o f slavery in anyway by the action of Congress, against thewill of those States who think pro- pertoretainit,isadirectbreachoffaith. To attempteventocircumscribe itsexpansionby indirect means is an infraction of thespirit of thesolemnleagueandcovenantmadebetween all the States; arid when the spirit of the in- strument is violated the letter is good for no-•VBUMDSBB, KOBM, D—TCSS, A C - M TkAB't CfliS.OTBUyB 8ALO0H. BPO-IWH.-OEO. CBBisyrs » * - a—__ L« BOMC*, D-jro-t, Bw_ut*ttO_, **.—Mas. DAT'S NIW TEAK OAJUB roB IflSO.POLYTECHNIC IN8T1TUTB, Brooklr_-Xatiass at Two 0'C'toe_-D*A TTO»'l pAJttO* 0~W*S—StBOB OUSJBBA.brutality, with which certain corrupt monopo- been urging on their affiliatsd republican lead-lists have debased the party for so many ers till they have brought the party full andyears. Not a shadow of doubt remains in the fast into the arms of the abolitionists. SewardMiles, of South Carolina, proposed to select a two latest phases of a systematized scheme oftemporary Speaker, pass the appropriations ne-cessary to carry on the government, and dissolve iniquity, which has continued* since the greatthe House, each member resigning his post, Van Buren treason of 1848. The true, Union in order that an immediate and direct ap- democracy are everywhere flocking, therefore,to create a negro insurrection in the South. John Brewn carries out the holy text with remedy to suggest to the Legislature. On the They persist in this course, too, in spite of theofJerseynew yellowweremadeatM>_c. a87c,sadofnew Southern do. at 88c a 89c., and Jersey new white at 83?icRevolutionary Republican l>i*gnlae T h r w w n Off—TheParty-All"when the lineofinvestmentsofa bank reaches beyond, say seventy-eight o r eighty p e r cent of its capital deposits and circulation, it is stimulating the business of the community around it beyond a healthy and steady action, mid extending itself beyond a prudent and safeuseofitscapitaland credit"Now, what are the banks doing at the pre-Statevictimized byapaper moneyso utterlyinse- cure,andhe oughtto haveadvisedtheLegis- latureto apply aremedyasfarasthe rotten b a n k s o f t h i s S t a t e a r e c o n c e r n e d , w h i c h w o u l dbythe1-Ion Democracy.sent moment?LettheSuperintendent an-delegates to represent properly the variousof the political instructors, Helper one of thediscounts within the smallest fraction of eighty per centof their capital, deposits andcirculaUon. la other words,they have on interest, including loans and discounts, The Critical Conditio* of the Country-. tives of the several States. Atthat time sla- stocks and bonis and mortgages, twice the amount oftheir capita!. To force bsak liabilities, as an aggregate,beyond this point, the Superintendent Joes not believe tobe prudent and particularly so when the importation offoreign goods is so unusually large as it'has been the pre-sent year. * • * Those banks in the city of New Congress have chosen to pursue with regard toTork, particularly, should carry afirm and steady line of the election o f Speaker a t this exciting politi-discounts,basedupon their capital,depositsandcircula-tion,and should remember that, while it iseasy toex- cal and commercial crisis calls for an expres-pand in apparently good times, the necessary contractionNBW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, JANUARY T, 1M0.-TRIPLB SHBBT.districts o f this State, a t t h e Nationaltion at Charleston, prove, unmistakably, that practical instructors, of tactics in the aboli-minds of thinking men, who have studied theConven-moral instructors, and John Brown one of theo fsomeo fthem,i ftheirpersonsspeech—can theaidoftheirvotesthatanominationfrillbe made which will command the support ofthebanks, amountingt o$351,905,i ss e -b e questioned,and it willb e b yhistory of late State Democratic Conventions, conflict" till the last slave has ceased vulsions in the money market will only aggravate theWhile the democratic members, anxious to organize theHouse, andletpublicbusiness proceed, have abandoned their nominees fromTRIPLESHEET. thatanorganizedconspiracyhaslong existed, difficultyunderwhichboththebanksandtheirborrowers to work in the cotton, sugar, tobacco labor,whenanecessityforsuchcontractionexists,alwayshaving for its object to keep federal and State and rice fields of the South. Helper, created by a previous expansion.R e i g no fi nordert ocaution themagainstbeingcuss the differences between the North and theSouth, and depicted the horrors of a fratricidalwax between the two sections. Another ballot forSpeaker was had, which resulted as those pre- arms at Charleston iSvas certain as that the sun But the facts are indelibly fastened upon them, three hundred banks. / banishment of Northern business agents from by violence and war, but he would do that viouslytaken.Mr.Briggs,ofthiscity,definedhiswillriseinthatcity,1mthe23ddayofAprilposition,andashiscoursehasexcitedconsiderable comment,werefer ourreaderstohisremarksin our report of the proceedings.noteholders. Itappearsthatthetotal amount ernmanufactures fromSouthernmarkets;the ofsecuritiesheldintrustby the government UnionmovementoftheConnecticutmanufac-upthisconfederacy. Thebeggar inGilBias asksalmsonthehighwaywithamusketinhis hand, and he receives them because the travel- ler has no option left If the South submit to thewill of the North when theNorth inti- mates that slavery must be abolished byThe Legislature, so far, has made but alow pro- ism with which the primary elections have been gress. The resolution for s Select Commit- carried on. No State has, anywhere, been tee onthe Pro Rata Freight bill was debated by made up. No monopoly oMsme has assumed Messrs. Fiero, Goes and Proaser in favor of theM,178,91S70 salesmen by firms in this city whose principal 19,462,03508 business is done with Southern m#chants.Committee,andMr.Spinolaagainst it,andfinally adopted. Among the bills noticedgivingusthelogical formula through whichthe republican party is led from admitting theequal right of the negro to the assertion ofthe duty of thewhite man, and finally to its been issued a circulation of nearly twenty-six an event which must belookedupon as equiva- exercise, to murder every slaveholder w h olent t o a declaration o f w a r against t h e South, the endorsement of Helper's infamous plan for a servile insurrection, and the continuation ofwas one to restore railroad tolls, also oneto provide means to complete the ca- been afforded fora fair expression of the willreporter. The Senate then adjourned to Mondayevening a t seven o'clock. In the Assembly, amongthe petitions were several for a Pro Rata Freightbill. The reports of th e Police Commissioners andHarbor Commissioners were received. Among thebills noticed was one to repeal the Equalizationlaw.onetorepealtheRegistrylaw,sofarasitre-lates to the city of New York, and one to repealthe act abolishing railroad tolls. A resolutionoffered by Mr. Moulton, requesting the State Asses-sors to report whether the existing law needs the Wilmot proviso—'that, as an express andthe printing and circulation of these doctrines,treason shops are established in New Tork, wards of ten millions ($10,000,644), and for Seward's irrepressible conflict upon the rightsamendment, was agreed to. Leave of absence was granted to several members, after whic|the House adjourned to 7 P. M. on Monday.The first annual report of the State Assessors is . regarded as among the most important which will come before the Legislature this sessions It is intwo parts, the first giving the proceedings of theAssessors in regard to equalizing the tajces the pastyear, and embracing a large amount of interestingstatistics: t h e second recommends an* entire andfundamental condition t o the acquisition o f any territory, by the United States, neither slavery nor involuntary servitude shall ever exist in any part of said territory."Among the barnburner traitors in 1846; the disorganizes, at the Herkimer Convention, a year later; the secedera from the BaltimoreConvention, by which General Cass was de- and voted tor John Sherman as Speaker of the as Mr. Morgan has been a New York merchant,radical change in the present assessment laws, soas to equalize the taxes upon all the property of pretences, deceived the hunkers, in 1849; theHouse, mainly on the ground that he is the rep-the State, by adopting the grois income, rather than property, as the basis for taxing* Assuming that there aie but three sources for revenue, land, capital and labor, it proceeds to develope a system that shall, by a n equitable adjustment o f valuation, reach all property or incomes in such a-manner as t o c o m p e l t h e p a y m e n t o f t a x e s o n l y i n p r o p o r t i o n to the ability of the taxpayer, and ncjt by the pre- sent arbitrary method.brutal ruffians, who broke up the Syracuse Convention, and drove the anti-free soil portion of the delegates to Brintnail's Hall, in 1853; were, in each instance, to be found numbers of those whom Confidence Cassidy & Co. placed upon their slate, for delegates, in September l a s t , a n d w h o c o m p o s e t h e i n s i d e w o r k s o f t h e debased and rotten machinery of the Regency. They are the same old ruffians, who aretoo cowardly and politic to strike themselves, butpressible conflict," the teachings of Helper's is the duty of the Governor of the State to date whose election may be acceptable to. of him to a "hero'' so "rare" as to make him a book, and now, w e may add, of the philosophi- warn the people of the insecurity of nearly one- the country? A democratic member proposed, demigod, which "we have charged against the cal postulate by Rev. Theodore Parker, of the third of the bank notes of the State, and we the other day, to accept Mr. Corwin, of Ohio, a republican party of the North, and which ren- abolition republican doctrines. They arein a further think it would not be amiss to recom- republican, and formerly Secretary of the ders their attitude and sentiments so alarming minority, and cannot elect him; bnt, the majo- mend a change in the law, compelling these Treasury under a whig administration; but the to theSouth and so menacing to the Union. rity, consisting of democrats, self-styled auti- charter banks to come under the general bank- republicans refused, and insisted upon still And what is the " rare heroism" which Mr. L e c o m p t o n m e n , r e m n a n t s o f t h e o l d K n o w i n g a c t N o r w o u l d t h e G o v e r n o r e x c e e d t h eGovernorMorganhasappointedB.W.Bonney,ofthis city, Jndge of the Supreme Court, vice Judge whose pugilistic cor^ottieri are always in train-Davies, elected to the Court of Appeal*.Senator Seward pssssd through this city yester- day . on his way to Washington, and stopped for aing, and never tail to resort to blows, where arguments, regularity and majority,fail to pre-mercial ruin and disunion, these few obstinatepoliticians continue to press his election uponthe majority, not alone of Congress, but of the ly? Because he attempted to overthrowTheOhioDemocraticStateContentionmetat ColumbusonTuesdaylast,andappointeddelegatesavailable friends. Thus,atthelateConventionatSyracuse,itthe first step in the inauguration of the revolu- tionaryreignofterrorinalltheSouth,the onlyendofwhichwillbeblood,blood,andThere is a general impression on the public mindthatallthenotesofbanksofthe State ofNewYorkareasgoodasgoldtothehold-** * e Charleston Convention. Resolutions in favor was thoroughly understood, between certainThat they will succeed in their efforts, and that their delegation will be received with opennext Thecharacterofthegentlementhusfat nominatedinthedistricts,isoneofthe surest guarantees of the purity, integrity and patriot-andcannotberemoved.TherestandSeward'sbrutalandbloodyspeech atRochester,Help-er'sincendiarybook endorsedbytherepubli-can members of Congress, the republican for banks of this State is upwards of twenty- turers to save their Southern trade from ruin, apotheosis of John Brown as a martyr and a eight millions of dollars ($28,068,336), and and the- discharge of hundreds of clerks and saint, and now we have one of their philoso- consists of the following:—Bondsans mortgages phical thinkers throwing off alldisguise, and NewYorkStatestocks.thepower,asCagger,Richmond,Cassidy,and theirfreesoilconfederatesdid,atSyracuse,toUnitedStatesstocks OtherStatestocks Cash on dtpositi,R64,ioooo 6SS.TSSM 78,654 86pack a delegation; b u t everyopportunity h a soutset of this agitation, what will the conse- On the faith of these securities there has quence be when Sherman is elected Speaker,other alternative. But the South is not likely thus to submit to spoliation, nor is it exactly in the position of the unfortunate wayfarer stopped by the mendicant of Le Sage. The unarmed man robbed o f the silver in his pocket maynotbemateriallyinjuredbyit,andit is hardly worth hiswhile to risk his life in its de- fence. But the South regards its domestic institution of slavery as vital to its exist- ence, and will not only resist, but is prepared to do so. It is in theposition of anals, one to raise the duty on salt, one to authorize of each individual, and the choice of the ma-the Judges of Appeals to appoint a Suprene Court jority has generally been s o wise, a s t o b e resists th e black republican theories. F o rand a half millions o f dollars ($26,490,632), while it appears that the amount of circulation issued to banks under special charter is up-cheerfully acceded to b y all. Were the South- ern delegates to the National Democratic Con- vention, to receive into their midst the rene- gades of 1848, who are Cagger"s emissaries, they would stultify themselves, make them- selves thescorn and byword of tne country, and virtually endorse a body of men, whose creed for thirteen years—ever since the Mexi- can war—is best expressed in the language offeated in 1848; the tricksters, who, under falseand therefore ought to be thoroughly conversant resentative man there of the Seward "irre- with the subject One would suppose that itshorttimeat'heAstorHome. Duringhiabrief vail.Anditmustberememberedthat,sodeep personalspitethattheyhavealreadysoldthem- thenorthernpartofthisStatewiththeirworth-country.In this emergency it becomes the positiveduty of the opposition members—Anti-Lecomp- tonists and South Americans—who have refused to vote for Sherman, not to allow themselves tobetiredoutordrivenintosupportingthe pluralityrule. Thiscourse,wethink,theyare bound in duty to the country to pursue, and we tnii-t that they will continue in it, and resist to the last the election of Sherman.slavery by armed violence in Virginia, murdering both white men and black. This Senator Wilson calls " rare heroism," and challenges for it the admiration of the North. Surely the South can take but small consolation from such explanations a s this. I f JohnBrownsactstoodisolatedandalone,it wouldbeofnomoreimportance thanany other deed of violence and blood; but it is the admiration which it elicits at the North that renders it truly formidable.stayhemadehimselfasprominentaspossiblebyreceiving calls from every one who saw fit to makethem, and afterwards took his departure in the sixP. M. train for Washington to take hie seat in the the face of the most solemn pledges, their less Senate.sel^stotherevolutionary republicanparty for a share in the Clerkship of the House.less and unredeemed paper, might have sug-hasthistreacherousCagger-CassidyRegency sunk into the mire, that they invariably de- ceive their allies, and even throw overboard, in.more blood, spilt in the North as well as in the ers. That, however, is not the case with all °t**(•DouglasfortheProsidsncjtworeadopted friendsofMr.DanielS.Dickinson,shortsighted South. Thosewhowishtosavethecountry thebanks,andinthelatepanictwobanksofb j enough to place faith in the profes- ' ^ £ » « i o r i t y .and the republican party is called upon to con- tribute; and it does so in such a manner that we find the names of Cassius M. Clay and David Dudley Field, Francis P.Blair, Jr.,and Edgar Ketcham; Governor Morgan, of New York,that there is no security to the billholders; nor does the Superintendent suggest any legisla- tive provision to remedy the evil.ItisworthyofremarkthatwhileGovernorand interests of the Southern States.The republican members have repeatedly at- tempted to assure their Southern colleagues thattheydonotsympathizewith Brown'sfrom such a terrible ordeal do well to oppose this State failed whose notes are selling at a ourKut~^_Ue8toAj^ng^,broughtby sions of desire for theunionofthe theelectionofSherman.Theyshouldopposelargodiscount,thoseofoneofthemonlyWe have from time to time «able space to descriptions of works ot M_a 7_Tt the Duaseldorf gallery, Bryan • gsiavyTSsmy of Design, 4 c , and this moriting, m pertoftheH_s_u»,ws give a series of gmphi sketches of tne works of art in what te appro-1haris, including Mr. Dickinson himself, were for the moment, bamboozled into shutting their eyes to the atrocities which Cagger's ballios bad perpetrated in ejecting the regularly or- ganized State Convention fromWieting Hall,bloody revolution preached b y Seward, Wen-no longer appropriate. far from safe.These banks a r e verypilltely termed the Rogues Gallery, an institution and trusted to the representations upon the eomttcted with the Police Department of this city deject of the Regency action. And, although0 D evote t o the election o f Sherman.will mark the beginning of the dire history of our country, and those names will be recorded on its pages b y the aide of those of Benedict Arnold and Aaron Burr.In this State there are two kinds of bank cans in Congress, and insisting upon the sub- notes—thoseissuedbybanksundercharter,and stitution of some less obnoxious man for thoseissued bybanksunder the generallaw, SpeakerthanthechampionofHelper's bloody which are known as free banks—that is, they do doctrines, the sympathizer with Brown's attack not require any special act of the Legislature upon Virginia, and the representative of Sew- to enable them to become banks, butare free ard's brutal sentiments of the irrepressible tocomeintoexistenceif theycomplywiththethe fetches referred to are portraits of such *** *~sitlasi fshjtmiiutsInandswindlersashave ac <rssr*4i|tt§Hit notoriety in tijete various walkso f r»—iffj|snd erimo to entitle them to the par- ticular reg\|| tad testing remembrance of the po-conflict between the North and the South. general lawenacted for the public security. This course should be followed by similar The charter banks are the oldest, and the Safe meetings in all the commercial and manufac-ty fund are ofthat class. The notes are not turing cities in the Northern and Eastern securedbystocksoranyothersecurity,nordo States,until suchavoicewould be raised inlice detectisik Qsiet citisens may perhaps find it to their adrs^ge to study the features of the ^""'•-•--TnftHhiir who are described.We poblhh dfewhere a mass ef matter bearing «puB the SB**A«i__9cm of the dsfr—the irrepressi- fcle conflict between the North sad the South. Among theertWesiro, letter _«p»So_*©r Wilsonnamesto. Buthowwwrot_aw ^jtlxfthe compact was violated,a^tteTn ! , * « l l hards whom Richmond, f__Zl^^J... reluctantly admitted into tiSsTJjSj*-^ have become so disgusted at the faJ^BhoJ^' meanness with which they were treated •*to Henry 0.Wti,^ _ y ^ &** Ber. Theodore they wffl, in all likelihood, give up £ & tfS!! PnrkerontheJoha^-- f«_,^alott»*froBe on the bogus delegation. They certainly «|_should b e abandoned, and some man who r e - Canadian bills are for the most part of the spects the peace and prosperity of the Union, tamecharacter. Nopapengnoneystood better and the rights oftheSouth,besubstitutedinof these gentlemen was present when ^intrusionoftar. Cagger took place, they vlew!o?S_*.!__'lgn a V**.**** a false1 wWflilwees expressed «._„,-. fo ^ .„rl J?08t of -***"* **• t t h e i rwi,THE SPKAiKBSHU'—PROPOSEDWITHDRAWALOFSHERMAN.-U is reported that Mr. W. H. Seward the billholdert get a preference, as in the case protest against the country being plunged into a series of years wasted those States and lavish-gested to Governor Morgan the propriety of The election of Sherman as Speaker will b e some, salutary observations on the subjectAndwhatisthedutyofthepublicintide night They do party, made by the Regency Iscariots, that it to theend, and let the whole Union see who realising from twenty to twenty-five cents on crisis? They should at once protest againsttance that was not anything of impor- the delegation to Charleston should consist of are the traitors that shall dare to lend them- the dollar. They belong to the class of banks Summary pubUahed yesterday m QUI telegraphic one-half hards and one-half softs. The weaker selves to the carrying out of the treason and called "Safety Fund;" but that designation isAgainst Senator Wilson personally we have the policy of the republicans. The merchants nothing to say; he is eloquent, highly populardell Phillips,Helper, Horace Greeley and John Brown. L et the conservative m en of Congress insist upon puttingonrecordthenameofeverymanwho, in any way, at this momentous crisis lends hisBnt his political senti-Sherman,TheodoreParker,H i s electionadvises the withdrawal of Sherman as a candi- of the free banks; bnt the assets are applied a commercial revulsion, to gratify a few obsti- date forthe Speakership, and the substitution equally to the payment of depositors as to the nate partisans in Congress, that Mr. Shermanof some other man, who is not committed to the doctrines of Helper's book. It is also stated that he it going on to Washington with a view to have this movement carried out, and thusTaxiKvxs-riG-TrKCCOMMITTEEONTHEH~a- French red reponttcsa, Victor Hugo*,on theBar sent. Even the friends of Cagger, who re- p**y for him to do this as to divest himself of cue with the bills of the United States Bank in the signs of the times the foreshadowing of PER'S FERRT TREASON.—What are the Investi-per3Ferrys_Mr. The Police)In this country than the fxraes of tile Canada his place.Gen.Hesmfegmi* j_te^ -je-,rfthefaroringtheUniondemocracymovementaftpre-whitewashtherepublicanparty.Itwillbeasbankstillthelastfewfailures,justaswasthe HemustbeblindindeedwhodoesnotseeIncolumn, suggestivee n d document,inthefrom such a n official. T h e facts a n d figures are well calculated to alarm, and theothers instructioni s lamentablywhichhimselfT h eendominous of coming disaster. The banks, itsome- o f the banks, and the excessive importation of foreign goods, with another fact t o which t h e Superintendent does not advert—the diminishedSuperintendentappears excessiveb ediminishingdemando ft h eSouth—area r ewas the mostdoingprofitablet o expansionprecipitating the danger of a panic and thebursting of ail the banks, by observations calcu- domestic Institutions, violates toe sovereignlated to exasperate theSouth andto drive away from New York what now remains of the fast falling Southern trade.The course which the republican members inproclaims the waging of an "irrepressible tomeetthechangesof our almost certainperiodicalcon- sion of public indignation.This reverend ruffian is one *of the religiousrights of its States, but, above all,breaks the compact madevwhen the Union was formed and the constitution signed b y the representa-patronageinthehands ofa few barnburner, a renegade agrarian from North Carolina, Weshouldsaythatthebanks have already timetotime,inthehopeoffacilitatingtheelec-free soil demagogues; and that these latter announces that the abolitionized republicans exceeded the point of prudence, were it not tion of Speaker, the republicans, with impu-have played into the hands of the Seward fac- are determined to carry their ends, "peaceably that they have an interest in creating a panic, dent obstinacy, persist in forcing upon Con-tion,whenevertheyhavefounditfortheir orbyviolence,"nomatttrwhatoonsequences particularlywhentheyhaveJudgesinthiscity gressforthethirdmostimportantofficeinthe thing. Itisimpossibletokeep theStates interesttodoso. Theatrocious sale ofGov- mayfollow;andiftheSouthernwhitesdonot solenientthattheywillnotcarryoutthelaw> country—and,incaseofthedeathofthePresi-HewVork,Saturday,J»m»ry 7|1860.Tate ~e~rs.OarreportsfromWashingtonaffordnohopeofa speedy organization oftheHouse*,jSeveralschemes, however, are said to be on foot with a ernor Wise's letter for twenty dollars and the like these they may g o elsewhere, which senti- and place them, the moment they suspend dent and Vice President, President of theviewtoacoalitionofthedemocratsandSouthern violencewith whichWieting Hall wasoccu ment is endorsed andcommended bysixty- speciepayment,inthehandsofa receivertoopposition; but it is improbable that they will United States—Mr. Sherman, w h o endorsed pied, and the regularly organized Convention eight republican members of the last Congress, wind them up. It is clear that the Superin- Helpers book, the aim and object of which areprovesuccessfulIntheHouseyesterday,Mr.drivenout,inSeptemberlast,wereonlythe fortyofwhomaremembersofthepresentone. tendentapprehendsdanger,buthehasnounitedifthecompact onwhichtheUnionis foundedisnotobserved. Theconstitution of the United States will become waste paper—a violatedtreatyinsteadofabondofunion.By all nations covenant breakers and violators of treaties are justly abhorred, and if the North break faith with the Southern States, it willpeal may be made to the sovereign people to the polls, and aredetermined to restoreNew of Virginia. for a settlement of the political questions which York to its pristine position, as a conservativecause so much disturbance. He proceeded to dis- member of the American confederacy.York have no security whatever. So profita- ble is banking in this State that the capital in-that is sufficient to render the Union impossi- ble. Tocompel the South to remain inthe Union against its own will is an absurdity and a contradiction, for in that case I t would b e n o longer a Union, whatever else it might bepike and guu, and the Tribune implores the contrary, he says "it is idle to invoke legisla- imminent danger which threatens the commer-party not to permit his epitaph to be written tive aid to control capital in the business of cial interests of the wnole country, and of the become abhorred, at least in their eyes, aaduntil not a single slave shall exist in the valleys banking." Y et depositors in the banks of NewNorth more particularly, with the most serious disasters, if n o t with total disorganization.Some of the republicans who still cling to the party are endeavoring to shirk these doctrines and to avoid the issue with the conservative and common sense impulses of the people.vested in it increased fromin 1849, to nearly one hundred and eleven mil- lions in 1859. This capital is employed b yThere is no disguising the fact that the pre-sent political agitation between the NorthandSouth is even now disorganizing and destroy-ing the commerce of both sections. Witness the called. Mr. Wilson would not abolish slaveryforty-fourmillionsCanadacured b y debentures deposited with the Re- ceiver General to the amount of $770,503,and the notes are therefore perfectly safe; but how small a proportion d o they bear t o the others!Morgan ought to have given the people of thisherein lies the very essence of toe danger which threatens toe existence of the Union. It makes no difference to tan South whether t h e North abolish slavery b y forceof arms,orbyalawofCongress when- ever it has a majority to carry that measure.Now1stusseewhatisthesecurityofthe theSoutherncities;thewithdrawalofNorth-whichwouldinevitablyleadtoboth,orbreakand Lewis Tappan, Thurlow Weed and Horace Tuesday, which occupied seven columns of the Sherman, who is thevery embodiment of theGreeley, John Sherman and Hinton R. Helper,with many others, ostentatiously paraded to-| length upon a variety of subjects, some ofnight b y burglars. If he has any pluck he will defend it to the last, and give the invaders a warm reception. There is, therefore, a self- contradiction in the position assumed b y Sena-tor Wilson.Equally inconsistent is he when he says thatgether as givers, endorsers and Tecommenders of the installation of the revolutionary reign of terror and blood.which were better omitted, and others were o f comparatively small moment, he dismissed the important subject of the banks in a few lines, in which he gave some statistics, but avoidedthe republican party in the House. There areother men in the republican ranks whom theymight support besides this most obnoxious one.There are one hundred and thirteen republicanTo make the fact that the republican party iscompletely abolitionized, and that it accepts giving the public other information which that condition, the republican members of the would enable them to understand the value of present Congress have for a month clung to the figures. This is the more unaccountablemembers in the present Congress; of these " the people of the North deeply sympathizeforty endorsed Helper a incendiary book. The with the personal attributes of John Brown,other endorsers of this infamous pamphlet were and that they admire the rare heroism of cha-members of the last Congress. Out of the re- racter manifested by him no one can doubt.''maining seventy-three members of this Con- It is this very sympathy with John Brown— gress, cannot the republicans select a candi- this admiration of his character—this elevationNothing party, and debris of the old whig limits of his obligation, or of a sound discre- party,are sotaken up with theirown petty tion,bycautioningthecommunityagainstCa- and personal feuds, that they lose sight of the nadian money, which is exactly in the samegreat national issue at stake, and refuse to predicament as the notes of our charter banks, unite on a national man. Some of the anti- or Safety Fund. The example of the failure of Lecomptonites have given way so far to their two Canadian banks during the year, floodingin John Brown, the horse thief, cutthroat and 237votes intheHouse hecanonlyget109or convicted murderer^ Dozens ofsuch heroes 112; yet in the very face of impending com- might be found in the State prison of Massachu- setts. For what is it that they sympathize with him so deeply and admire him so great-HERALD, and while he descanted at great idea of war upon the South, the endorser of Helper, and the irrepressible conflict leader ofredemption of the notes.ed in fratricidal strife Oceans of treasure and of blood. Does notthe Senator shrink aghast at the picture of ruin which must result from a persistence i n the political action which h e a n d his party are now pursuing at the North!mained is his bolting convention, many of ^ J***POttticalviews,andonhisappearance uptothetimeofUsfailure. Therecentburst a terrible disaster,arisingoutofthe present gatingCommitteeabout? Whatwitnesseshave met yesterday, and, j them protested, after it had adjourned, against Untitled DocumentAndifsuchalarmingresultsheraldthevery peacefulmeans,itisbecausetheSouthhasnoMorgan sent a message to the Legislature on raid; yet they insist upon electing Mr. man well armed in his own house, attacked atf o r c i n g S h e r m a n u p o n t h e m a j o r i t y . S h e r m a n W i l s o n a n d t h e p e o p l e o f t h e N o r t h BO a d m i r eis clearly a minority candidate, for outof theof New York should initiate themovement by calling an indignation meeting, condemning in the strongest terms the action of the republi-in hisnative State, and commands attention inb ybe abhors slavery, pities the lot of toe bond* man, aad that his (Senator Wilson's) postttoa is that o f peaceful, legal a n d constitatioudand out of Congress.ments, like those of Wm. EL Seward, are atro- cious, infamous, and fraught Vtith deathand destructiontothegreat system of government, established by the wisdom of ourancestors. To attempt to change this b y force is treason; to attempt to change it b y any other means is revolution, leading to the disruption of thebond which unites the States, and ending at last In one of the bloodiest and fiercest civil wars on record—worse than the wars of the Roses in England, or than the border wars between that country and Scotland, which for 60 long 4k_ n__ln__fao> Imnndenco and hypocrisy which t w ^*n*** to - e t Tid o f * • «»P°-B l w l l t J ing up of the Colonial Bank and the Interna- excitement, which will assuredly be intensified they examined? There are plenty of witnesses"•M-uahi- «_i»e^t" mMfh delivered tional, which were considered perfectly sound, and hastened on by the disgraceful course of here—among others, Greeley, and Forbes,andThomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 