 >*5#S.,WiitH itoOmwholeeooatiy.teitwoatlballdBpaclassofandtherewere withhernicetyofcultivation,hasbutanaverageofNEWS BYTELEGRAPESeiutan mjfliejr are at a loss to Im"heas" Sottverains par indivis,^ -with the Juarez Goveno-a^laa whr flie Adatalstntfcm Paitr tahea so nrnchBisal.As far as was known tbe was to land on These planto'kaart the rejeetloa of the Nicaragua Treaty.abnegation, Mexico gives us a foothold, which cannot be usedriver,FnSOKAL mifB.la^Ue of bad weather, tha theatre Is crowded to-^jpt^toftaartWIe Pari.''^'lailMBir >t«n retained last night, much im-around Humboldt Bar have furnished aid and amma- ed a bill repealing the act providing for the fortifica- of our country. The Ohio farmer will feel it, In the Mr, Cor proceeded to answer the several objec- twelve twenty-four pounders. It was belleredthat niUon to the hostile Indians in the moimtaias, aadIVnaatohaaUh.mTnm Aaother Oornapondeiit.«.regain the1630 to 1840, when'Wumavttr, XondaT, Hareh It. an nnraucAxs aid thi xicaraoda tksatt.Re eoaiae jnirsaed by the Bepablican Sena- toai, to deteattng the ratifieatioB of the Nicaragua r,tiBBtTeTsaUy condemned. The outside pret- heeome so itroag that it is proposed tor> ttitaadttoa of the clalau occasioned.by the Indian depre- dations to New-Mexico.All the atwve- named bills were referred to the Com- mittee ot the Whole an tlie Stete of the Union.have eiven na treaties of Interchange, our commerce safer to than to be forever over expand quarrelingCisco departed, yesterday, for the Washoe silver mines.Three hundred iron flasks were sent from Baa The Savannakt Saratoga and Preble were anchored Francisco to Napa to-day, where it is stated there ia under the inside walls of San Juan de UUoa, ready mors than enough quicksilver to fill them alreadyOammaoder Mavst has written aon foreigners —DEATH OF GOT. BISSILL OF ILUN0I8. St. Loi;i3, Monday, March 19.letter to Senator Gvn on the subject of inter-oceanic tele. giqika, showing in a strong light the incalculable;arament in aiilitary afiairs, and to commerce, sur- tmyt and meteorology.fantry beingalmost useless.Besides,the American property was pillaged, persons mutilated, tion is tbe orb of our destiny? Or is Mexico to be besieged byboundary and the frontier ravaged with fire and sword. On the 5th he notified tbe representatives of foreignThe Honse bill, the auUioriiiagble, not international law, unless the Monroe do<- byAsUonometi-heavens; aud that 11 i> iiow movii.g aeaiii hither, byill. « hich knows no no North andp^rs to print on their ttons expire, was taken up.trlne is one of its chapters.lasolutlon that the President commoiiicate .u.y in- tonaatlan in his possession relative to a certain In-the Mr.• ei.1 '- iih thf ible aid a of Mr. MoLahi. It wasempty excheqner, a inort*r«gf d revenue, a. banditti o.PtDding the questioti to ref r tne bil? to tiie M.li- taiv Committee, the House adjourned.ana \\ hiskt steady, at 22;ic. Ex- i.nc!iaji>:ec.dian massacre what in Utah, anda league wl'h death, murder and spoUa'.ion. There stamiaOcpnirol from the Rio Grande to Panama. The is yet something to be saved in Mexico. If we at*tNew.York Medical Collese.CiNCixxATi, Monday, March 19.partment ana TowHsMo L. Javan. Adopted.c:>:'TLr-HxxTiuMeei my resiunalion of the <:liair held Isy;Adopted.fn^ „t ir?'"''?"1*'""=' *"' mutabUtty authentic account oJ these resources in Ihe valuable compel with ^*Uosetx>ok the intelligence of the country >hould be familiar.teeTo ll,t facully of Ihe yrwYorl. Medical CMegr :Havlnft iMo ttie putWunrer,Hong Kong.ac; sales atsligUiiv easier. Siohi Exchajiox on New-York un- changed.letlon that theooDles of the correspondence between toe State De-Secretary of Statecominunlca'.eof and foreign imports,'"""'• "*'»••' introduced a blU toxtoatf tte rights of oreiaptloa over unsurveyedto at a reduction of import_i5.*/.^";fhas had special permtUMaico 19.la^ndaimtopra. Keferred.distant steam, while on tt» Pacific days bytotakeeffectatthecloseofiliiscourse.2SUi,;CuBS active, atPUlBdeIphlo's:t«k Board. PttjiABtU":*, Monday, March 19.Slocks steady; ivu..^;. -vauia»:orri« Canal, 51J4 Exchanje en ^ew-:^ ork at par.OiSBXiM.cal anfunent to show the great advantage to result GoTemments and sewenty Exocuttres. Two puwa in that country. He lUastrated this view from bis Wishing ;( l.'•««*v.^«k TtBW.farmer*, who make bettor dtlxau la religion- All parties are Cathc^lcs, and a half bushels to the acre, wnile iMiio ladspandent Indiana, foreigners and mixed races In botfa par- thirteeni-.^lIoiid«7,K«reh 19.A gentleman well known in Sta rnailliw^jHb;i;|l|ikg«d tUttqatStj Wd noilta dklas.Wl*i1ato«a *0oti raltof to «faa labertng poor ef toe tbe new Constltotlon. with Covoxpob as President. duty free under this treaty. Has (Mifo no surplus forjalfea.ailte«. Ho mthmal oonsldaration wooid move It can be abown that on Cenoavonr*! vacating the exporta]i<m—DO interest in an extended market T IfOV TBB B<nm«dUHitto of bitarett. New role* warewas to pass such a measure as this bllL Sectional eoneldentloas were of no eonaeqnenee.Oamotianof Mr. Jaaiiieii,of Tennessee, (Dem.,) tha bUl was poc^noed tiU Wednesday, at 1 P. M.need them und should have them more cheaply. She can give us cocoa, cochineal, tobacco aad troptenl fruits. She needs our iron—which baa often beenWashi>sto>, Mondar. March 19. The New-Orleans papers of Thursday, receired here by express, jtive the details of the Meziean newsof the Jews at Gibraltar amount to $4.S0e.poll^.'Ats nsM omcrlaoTidas for tlia payment of tbe Interest awarded by the Halted States Judges to East Florida as part of thehouses on coast and frontier, therefore tbe revenues. Think of Fuch an enterprise applied to Mexican min-In tbe Mr. Cox Mikamoit five States of ing. W'e need her ailver to purify our coin. We table, gaveous train of artillery and ammnnttion stores, and en- campedfourmilesfrom thecity. Thettead-quartersof of Speakeru CoBBiialonar fortbe 8U<ajBOMOiilii ««rtain ejaiou mgolnot )i)fieaaaeqnoaco of hl« li^iUcatioii with of Kr. Vav, th« Stata Tnasnrer.and ether Ie«dia( Democrats tke raaMrral of Collector Saagor, fwlk* aaaie reaion. The In- ehaxM* of a gtaye oharac- for OaUfomia, b dMmdaad on, tialesa, at the «ng-IHradi, ha be aDswed to lesifn.TO BI HIU) ATTha BlimllL Kaiiaaal CoBaittee haa deter- I to taka ao itap* far chancing file plaee of hold- • Coi^aittoB. It wUl meet at Charleston. TherBarbaaoBAIand settled.OF *HX nOaSAODA TKCATT.lonely towns and remunerativeland the seat ofthecityfromthesandhills. HisGlasgow26th, Danish schooner lietis, fromAgentWASBniaTOS, Monday, March 19. Kr. HoisiLL, ofTermont, (Bep.,) from the Com. mittae on Ways and Means, reported a bill to pro-longGovernment interior and on the coastonmests and murders at Cordova, Jalapa and Oriza-greateirial wealth, to be<-ome the laggard of the century ?The steamer Gen. Miramtm isbelow, a to prize•in the acts of 1833 and 1834.Washington.Benry Brigham, New-YorkThe House to-day worked under the recentlyamend«d mles. The experiment shows that, ifstrictly obaenred, ttey will efleet a marked improre- Mr. Cox, of Ohio, (Dem.,) considered that the ques- aat ia flw manner of transacting business. of— bloody, race of ours? Tbe mines of Chihualiua and Guana- more important, affecting Mexico the recent attempt juato—the auriculture of the Mexican valley —thecity. He made an attack in force on the nighUof the 7th, but was soon repu'sed by the Liberals, who are confi-Tamaulipas to Chihuahua. To prevent this compli-cation on our to save the we boundary, treaty, mastMr. Jonnoa's resolntion, mentioned in the Senatereport, referred to tte Mountain Meadows massacre merite of the Mexican question were thus opened by fea Angn^ 1690, aad desired information as to the the qaestlon of reference of this bill and Btepa taken to discover tiie offenders. amendment. They required the fullest inquiry.Mr. If naa'aiasriation related to any commnnica- The Committee which eould give that Inquiry tiea fti Mr. Haboi, our Minister to Japan, in re- was the one to teke charge of a bill. gard to the proposed diplomatic mission from Japan Europe, said Mr. C, has her Continental poliUcs.to a* Valtad States, and instructs the Committee of America has hers. Mexico is ourthe bestlisn sentiment on the Columbia Government bill, when he committed the of to the em-ageat to Wlseoasfai to Investigate the alleged frauds aa fta Henomenfe ladlans.Eng-Such is her FonigftSalatloBS to inqnire into the expediency of condition and our interest in it, that we cannot be in-AlTurado isto be inof Miba- ih:rty-four buildings on Jackson and Robert streets.Loss, estimated a; $100,000. No further partictilar*rmlitkttai the reception of said mission. different te i's fate. It is a case of great public ca-lamity which is in our path. We cannot help seeing**PBOCKBDIHOS OF CONGRESS. it. Mexico li^ our sick man." He must be inoca-82NATE.Better even this than that leas responsible movements United States could furnish a regimeot of such ele- The exegtmtur of the American Consul at Vera ate known. The tire is supposed to have been thew-o'k of an incendiary.Tbe Ship De Witt CIlDtoD.Siii;AN, N. J., Monday, March 19.tptdal eider for Taesday, at I o'clock.Lost by yeasb€rltag« BpkiB left h«r waa an aD-abaorUnff armriee.TUtwa«th« teed of Mexican dla—we and dtaaater.The awtto of the Bpaalah eooque*-ror aad of the ad-cntarers who followed him, was SaAa nt maia ^ut ol Mexican sea-coast and tbe mining entcrprlae of and with much regret at withdimwing from a School Carsongmra Im fUta .-" Nothlnr le bad which brlngt the tlNer. our citizens, had a full nuute under a good gorem- with which, from its drigtn, I have been connected, Valley has been brought to San 1Tbe oppraedon upon the Indians to grattff this ara- ment with thla leciprocal Free-trade, under this well- and over wh«e Faculty, tiirangh aperlod of ten years, shows the lead to be two and a half mllea ku,!^ '31,Ba]r«M.Tha BoBiestead bill was taken op.Mr. Nkbouov, of Teaacsaae, (Dem.,) said he hadThia step has been taken af^r BatoredeUberatloB,faaad lasaperable objeetiaas in the House bill on the 1the Saaate kill, which, in his oplaioa, would irat eon-who arein" twcnty-lonr places Into the hlUs when the Ifliet with Am establishedI have passed so many years of pleaaant and product agreeable intercourse in our mutual endeavors toof the Goremaent in relatica to tha public lands. Ba w«Bt lato a statlstl-which is not wanted by us. There is not ahas hao thirty-fiTe of our skill and industry that will not find a market advance medical science.fromtbsadoptlcnyou,of tha Senate aad said that it can be traeed—the Central or Monarchlca], and the own State of Ohio. Itn statistician, Mr. MAKsmu), and proapenty. and eaznesUy hoping; that Increasedto be rich in oneproved lectlan, althonghof lUver have been found through the dlalane*WAsnuisTOir, Monday, March 19. of this continent, a saiictiou equal to international Two messages were received from the Presi- law. It has done good service. Silent as the tides,3,000 men to ten States, in consideration of the onlie lands thereof. They have also tendered $jO'_t.(;'o Itarsa'aidl bi'jW fruin ihu>e PoweiJ-? We do not 'lU^iice of tht action of the American squadron. day, on account of the wcalner and sea. She iies alldsBLBeaator Kiso, of New-York, (Rep.,) presented a petition in favor of a uniform Bankrupt lavr.yet aspotent, it has swayed millions bv its influences aiid effluences. That policy can be enlarged. From It! serene quietism, its silent emphasis, folded arms, ana warning gesture, it should be aroused to active exertioa. earnest protest and armed Interference. SoThere are other [»a.rts of the pr<jj*-vtt-',i^ ttieirpublishers of news-tciljust before tbe Chns'tian era. shone in our NorthernP. M. have been held the SUte Conven- stand HE for Latsam, and iinj I.atham, indicating, without doubt,papers the date *heu subscrip- Florida, (Dem.,) reported an acldi-and hefice no one can.Jr-.p leiters Jc-The U. 8. Mail steamship Alabama, lor New- Charleston Convention. The Y'ork, was detained oy a ncrtneasi storm until 4HiRBis, Commissioner tome25 to 50 per cent, on dutiea. She is twenty into your hands the I'tcsiilincv of llie Faculty, also Ciscoxs,,.condliionof things and the necessity for iuterfeieurt- would foil every attempt of any If we do not Interfere now, there will bt noiising l«horos<'ope.Damii. S. DicKissos, of New-York, for the Pres-**^^.^°*-"'."P-'hlre(Hep.,)Introducedare''o'fb&1rwSi^"f,-l-^^^^^thesumofthe State take- on thejaartaUoa callingtol Exteaitoil tor information a^ to -Jieaoat of czteadiaf tte Senate Chamber, sothe $P,700,(>00 ofbecome American3 co, our exports for the year ending Septem- sional duties, the duty 1Superintendent of the Capi- aggrandlMment,andallow me to discharge my duties to the College withsatiifaction to The myself, or benefit to the School.condition of* Mexico band Mexican commerce up present period, moreover, seems a fit time for takin; Mexico, 1 win epito-' to $IOO.l)(:0.000. of this is Btlver,whxh ibis course, A most eflirient and excellent corps offeasIbufty andber 30. 1856, were but $3,315,835, being $2.0i)0.0OOAdopted. take a glaace at CajiMiiua, of Michigan, (Reo.,) moved u. make In arrlTingforEcadlnn Rajl'-oaii, -I;Ull tor theImprtrreBMnt of the 8t. Ciair PUu aProfessors theTrujrtees have now secured, and theCommittee onAffairs. pressing necessity of an additionalMilitaryWill the next witness the seventy yearsthe United States, in charge of Lieut. }Annoz,from Vera Cruz, 13/* inst.A street encounter occurred on Saturday after- noon, at Jefierson City, between Jahu Husho* fDeputy-Warden of the Penitentiary, and Mr. Dosibb, ormerly a guard at the prison, resulting tn the al- most immediate death of both. The cause was an. old grudge, aggravated by recent poUttcal differ-ences. Both leave families.Gov. SiBWAXT has vetoed the Free Negro bilUIntervene under the and not treaty,otherwise. Theis secured by a certo the bondholders. Then add the millions for land ! Mr. Cox sugeested that this Congress was the morning of tbe 6th inst., after a brief action andpolicysnppeeedtopa**. A few months will nAee IT'i gentlemen. Individually, happiness tablish the extent of this mine, wUch as yet Isbill,woold oeoastan no dlisiaatloa ia the Taeelpto of theiConstltnUooal or Democratic Party. Mr.Coxtta- In bis report for 1859, estlmatea our grain pro- and permanent success attend tha Instttutionnecessary executive and judicial expenses of the Government for the next £scal year.The Committee on Commerce reported a bill making appropriations for the Light-house estab- lishment.Yet this land of mineral was most favored as sterilitym/imhtj From whatproceededmente to the rules before distinct action.will be returned te Mexico, through our agency, that Mr. Gbjexuit says it cannot go to Mexico. It never to act in any emergency. English, French aad Span- producedUutiaaty,lad,withsomeslight amend-iltto Micaragua for ratification. Sena-i bold and patriotic action in this matter, Claims, Foreign Ministers, and Senators and Repre- of the world's envy and an empire's prideish vessels were at Sacrifieioe.Ing Plalmsor asbefore the House,leaied that our commercialemporiumAfter other answeringobjectionssuffrage, &c.,personallyagentoA rule was that adopted,God writesit In the in flower,the election of Speaker the Clerk shall preserve order and deco- rum, and decide all questions of order, subject to angrandest conception.the globular water-drop and in the starEejpt. Rome and Greece.House.ages as well as ofillumination, wherever Histhe St.on speculation13c.; 25 bbls. New-Orleans iirm at 12c.totheMr. RiAOAR, of Texas, (Dem.,) again presented hisBrigham, iallappealfinger recorcs his fiat upon the everlasting fcroll, there isNew-Y"ork, 13>«c.—lated with Americanforbids European interference in the national affairs of tbis continent. That doctrine has, with tbe nationsenergy.only bring out its adhereLts by the thousand, but 11has tendered to Juabee its - emigratiug advantage^DISPATCH.Creat excitement existed in Vera Cruz in ronse-that our Icterest lay—Firit, lu Mexico's erect and orderly independencyand,We are invUcd to Mex-.*-ky.Sas Fkahcisco, Saturday. Feb. 25—5 T!:c Democratic primary electionsof for repiisaloutrageson ourcitizens,and therecog- tled govemmeiit in its oplrion,and theordin:iiyintei-or sh* mustwtih a recofnlMd -foreign ru:lnK element ^l^ewhich proposes, for particularly a due regard for my health, will not ten years, to hare$50,000 per chargeIt ii eitheras to take under our autpices. To phow mi* 1 wiiieouBtry.aimihiiaiion or resurrecU.mia the windows cA the north end.eMr. at Ihe condition oi trade, which would runfurther experse to thebill also provides an apprentice system the In- dians, with a view of compelling them to acquire in.93i ; Long Per.i..yivania Railroad, 38H.pendingas well as in In the feudal ages of dark-with for that Vera Cruz dispatches Wa."!hington, saysto thousand well withLATER AND MOItE DECISIVE. Niv-Oblbaks, Monday March 19.Lard held in first hands for rates. But-Italy.reportedpossessionThe Monroe doctrii.ecould be raised while the telegraph cacked the iutel- liRenre. We i^hould'not er.deavor to repress, but re- strain and direct these elenienis. Is thfrc an> one who wishes JtoVouaull Euroj-e u.- to our progress, or wno;ico the bytreaty,quarrelthe 7th inst Wind southeast Weatherj"NEW-YORK,TUESDAY,MARCH20. 1880.PRICETVfO-CSXn,mWxed the condition and relation oftheee partiea.duet at tn annualaverage the Stateofin tbe worldmaywith which you are connected, 1 remain, rsspeettuUrt112,883,870 faBUlesannoaUy to emlgnto to new aad uncultivated rereaoe during this epoch. They favored Soropeaa which can equal thia in these elements of life?1wali«iitobe Oovatament It would iadaee twenty tlwasand The first had the army, tbe foreign dlploraacTIWherethe other party farored our Interren- New-Tork baa but 76,^39,910 bushels—lesa acres in tlon. These conteste were not a war of races aad culttration, and a less average to the acre. France,claimed. Hundreds of other elaims for bUc*in the same region have been taken np aad anGahi(^-toads. This emigratton wvud be of lalnito servicettfarfaaaaa andjaggjiililtoM la tteie of war. He ties. The history of thla epoch la but the march baa twenty-two and a half. Galllcla, even, falls be- rawrMtotiateMmilnhMlaMassadtiuettisamaik- and eeuntennarch of C^eaerals.—the placement hind this model State of the Miasintppl Valley. The faaUM tka itoagite batwaen capital aad labor and displacement of Presidents,-4iiteaane feads value of Ohio live atock ranges over $70,OOOjpOO. fromInterrentlon;opened l>y tunnels and shafit, bat beforeaaytldaspositiveastotheir known.im- tainmte* papablioaa, aad advocated the bill as and foreign IsTasioiis. The third epoch ooeae with which are her iinoked and salted meats. These areA railroad route Is under itu vey fitm . Plaeerville. The people of Nevada Kaye i the Legislature for permiislon to lotus the that county to aid in aViM fofBMdontofthe new wouldMTefaflaieBt power to attempt to destroy the Insti-Mtoa of iavetr by amendtog the Constitution. Thelaaalt woold be the same whetiter the bill passed or LOAOA and Ros&sa until MixAnov became BxecutSre of trade which would follow Its rattficntSon ]Mt Ccaaicss held the Territory for the porpose of under the "planof Tacubaya." For the past year In return, Mexico can give us coffee and sugar. We MWaiaeaf lad admissiA as States, aad ita policy.tte'w- jM Statat, domato,79tb article of tbe Constitution, as Cbief-Jnstlce, be* specdaltTtof his ,Slate, for which free trade is offered BisBcpnlMof Mexican Vessels by the Anerican Forceieomtianed oa rafanint thela,aBbw -vAlok Hon. B. 8. Cox The btU declaratory of the acts for carrytog into ef-worth its weight In the preciousonr implements oi agriculture. If abe had settled re-overthrow of the Botiibon dynasty.fect tlte ninth article of the treaty of 1819, witn Spain, i^Upkatt^MlA iMaBUaHke mamwr, onr waslakenup, anda lengthy report read. The billIsatisfactioaof Kofae kai nmoTod Oao. M. Wi8- Mr. TooitBs, of Georgia, (Dem.,) said tbe principalfmall area, but ofccomparatlTely dense population.because be holdstheircapitals,thoughtbeyare.nowtbreateoetlby his enemies.taro, althoughin each. It would thus be fair to dtride these four States between tbe two parties'. This would leave in the hands of JuAazz, States having 5.235,000 popu- lation, and 1,044.35 square leagues, against MiaAJconand 105 07 sauare leav- 2,7C5,(KN) population, leagnes,ing 3,530,000 of ana 930.28 of square population,fujmlahes a truer analogy. Juaixx has failed to get the capital, because his enemy has hitherto had the meansandholds^earmy. Heraisesmeansbythehave the onlckallver toleads of the easternaidits production. The silverstipulated'-had been paid, but the Secretary of the Treasury re- fused the tntercst. The question was, should the in- terest be paid ? He contended that it should be. Ithave made that late already;of nations in such cases to make all;Newport,was the practicethe payment under treaties. He cited numerous eases and occasions.of gold-bearinx quarir, whose amaaing extent and ric^esa—which are described in memorials freah on our table, as lands which have never been equalled or even approached at any period on the face of the earth fpr their miraculotis wealth—^tbose rivers whose aaad Is silver and whose pebblea are gold-are notbut indicate enterprise, theyapproacli. The city was in the best state of defence. The garrison was composed of three or four thousandLiverpool Rio.;H.L,esAMr. Muioar, of Florida, (Dem.,) spoke In favor of the claim, and gave the history of its origin. He urged the payment of the interest as just and equita- ble. Adjourned.men, well supplied in everyGen. Iglssus is in command, with Ajfrrou as cliiefof the artillery.mands the newfort will be able to resist the approach of Hntucoii, if the men are faillifal.LATER BY TELEGRAPH TO FRESNO CrTT._HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.stimuliLahi, an Englislunan, com-vide for the pa>'ment of outstanding Treasury guarantiescame ex ojicio Pretldect. His goTemment If ttiein tUstre^, what a muacum of nationsJ exchanges would we sot show, to pour into the great cnncnt !C^itaneonstruetlng Folsom, or to the nearest connection with theGovernmentde He traced the career of Zu- pire.Valley Railroad.He gave bim Guanajuato and Jaliscoof the Mountains were at Medelin. HiaiiioK several timesHe gave him alio Puebla and Quere-That;in favor of JuAasx on a fair It computatloii.to our by their topographicalFbahcisco, Tuesday, Feb.K. Soatl|oftbeFrenchMinister,whola in league withspeculatorsandbankers. HeisabouttoattackMr.Coxthen tbestatisticsofMexican gaveday morning, the 26th, at daylight, at ladlaa la- land, opposite the town of Eueka, and distant < frombutafewhundredyards,morethan40wereIcilled,exactions, imprisonraenis and deaths by Gen. WoLL In Zacatecas; the robberyrare an ? exceptionFrom St. l.enla.FATAL STBSIT KSCOCKTES—THI FSJCX VIOKO BUXby Mabquze of the conducta;—ba; the recent•iraatages which would result therefrom to the Gov- consequence of the continued Indian hostilities, In- Grande, and of Cosin in Chihuahua, by which index on the dial to show how far toward its occulta- The city wascavalryforce inoutrages bythe seven "forced loans" the double export duties of the do^iblearms and waste, and you have the poorest behind the ——withour interference. Tlie publicists are w llh us. Bu: the same Great W>itcondj if that were not possible, then that no to those who must go abroad from Amcriian rules "T Soutli, and movini? an irrevtrr-^ihleon its ia 17 Counties. The delegates toMr. YoLss.oftional section, to the effect that theUvaredin large cities by carriers Deceat paatiCa instead of two asadoptodtaad the bUl thenpasseU. his former 5i>eech, In which he had urged that such a of this country. Mr. WiiuEiiiAn, tht; apeiit of ihf n^itloii a* -he L'uidii.r-Mar for itiisSouthern Ocean fSieamer ^toTemenw. SAVA^^•AH, Monday, Maron 19.Puwfcr but our own s.iouid administer lt& estate.iu weakness and conduct, he referrrd such to the London Timt*, whicliby decree,guardMr. Cox further said that he had favored a system in Mexico but by its poxaetsiov. There was no !^el-of thetion, as far as he'-ird from, 44 (or CmsUia*. tbe Laih.ih Influencesaid that neither nor any one cmld interfere Englandevfriastmg cycit:-emlgratioi:.It is tnetypec.-,ar£e,l oaeheretof.^rc, -.,1,101, wa, nilior. of tbe Juarez Government, and quoted from national remedies fail. It favored the Initrvcntlnii nihilation. The fineer of Providenceprogt<*^>.iWhfil relatiTe to the preempUon cf c I'Oiicy would give us "not only a firm union with English bondholders, had said thalMtx'Xdns of sense who would fiiherdusk its raoiancy.or regard lias s. ndiig AisTiN E. Smith to Charleston. He is a sonrights -;.,!„ Mtx't". iiot only postal and exiraJition and right of wifcbed the United States to interfere. He quoted the meteor of a night, recast, with much hied, our of lion. Wm. Smith, of Virginia, and is favorable toMarch 19. Floub dull; Huwa.-:-5i.'-ei Superfine offeredsetflen la iadtan reservaUons in lagioa was takaa np and passed.Oregui^aad v\way ireaiies, not only a foothold in the Northern Me:rict,n Sutes, which can be made permanent with-Lord John RnssEix's letter to RoTHscuiLDsJ. as i-^ tkenationsMr. Ke&gan said he wanted the people of Texasout war, but itIbisi>r..g:a3.,iie han been followed out by the Presi;idency.hits just returned from the Washoe mines, in Carson Valley, brings specimens of silver ore which assays over isc.UOO per ton.measures weretaken in relati<a thereto, and tke present condition of l-^;i,;''„ ^"nfi'm the Ca<sHerran Treat}-. Cuba What aie these resources* Wnal are, dud »hu: Dr. HoEAC« ijcen Prt-sidpai o Overland Routewise ,'oiic,', Ii c.i. firmed, nothing remains to give us sub-fractious States, *nda Coveromcat federative in onlyfirmchange on New-Vo.'k unchanged.i. ,1. .*"'*""»n New-Granaila promptly, we become partners in her ie»-ources. imbroglio Is ended :.\!>oui eleven thousand letters were dispatched byFLOUi. very (li;l: at $5 65'a$5 75 forsof, ii,?,; , f^w'"/'° "' >"" by year, and a practical should be our relatiot46 toward them ? We hive anGrken, who hasFacully ul the Nevt-York M>-.Iical CvUcgfthe — yesterday.'Psovisios and nosales, Mzss Porksarvivors.Masoi, of Virginia, (Dem. J introduced a reso- l1'>r.--#.J,.lTis:,aV,,;.". '-o^-T^. •'"""^y> bucetiweeun LCuoba anda tmhei compilation of Col. Butterheld.from underShii. Wild Saile<f—Ship- /^a:jrAt-r. for CalUofrombark Carrie l^'Mexico has now $20,100,000t28 000.0<K) of exports, making an intercnaiiK' of t5J,(-00,00«. Of this. EnelROd has 33.4OU.0W). theleft San Francisco within a few weeks to returnMarch 19. sales, to-day, 9,500 bales IO?fcC.«lIc. for middling. Molassis »teacy, at 37c.®38c. Wuiaxxthusolizea more than one-half of tids commerce. Sneiti at the now resignMxLOT's SiATioir, Monday, March 19. Tlic Overland mail-coach with rejjular San Fran dates to Feb. 27, and telegraphic advices to thearrivedherelastnigbt.A bill has been introduced in the Legislature,United States only $9,700,000. Englandmor.tui-the AewYork MedlcH! {Miss Poke quiet, at »iS. llhc FRXiGHTsand Excua.SuIS unchanged.PmLACiLPHiA. Monday, Flousfirm. WHEATduM,saddeclining VVtme,less than our imports from Mexico. The above fifty the odd miliions does not include, of courae, the contra-General Government TheState Fives;slopeRockysurreyed principal Generals arebark;theIiiipris-Cobtihas on the Rioretrogression of this continent? is Mexico's past fifty years theand thebnahela.leyour obedient servant, Nxw-Yoax, Jan. 2, 18fi0.HORAOC GREEN.araoitK 'between the United States and Mexico should be He referred to other transactions, less but irvigorated by a new life from this Anglo-American Governments of Ills intention to cannonade theprotected. Unless this is done there is danger that thetwoaatloBSwill becomeinvolvedInwar.to foist in a new French debt of $460,000 Into the fisheries of the Gulf of California— pearlof the nation. We of uallonal Samaritans whom to go over and re- ought to quit marking time and begin to march..varied msDufactures of tbe North in wood and iron, which are flndloR markets in the West ludtes, the shipping of tbe Gulf and tbe Pacific, with 8,000 milescondition of the School, were never more jromlstng than at the present time. _, ,^the reservations now estabUtlied. Tk« teUl, I of Indians In the State is 'ttliii«tt< at tt^tiA dUgram of theorlglnal Comstoek 8 ante subject, and ba should ooni&ne his remarks to rlec, prodeeed the lerolution. Tbe eeeond epoch ronceived treaty, what a tide of proepertty would I have bad the honor of predidtaf. Bat stiU more aiag north and south, au of which is.____ ,- nWmat >r,!{ Ineludea all the vietssttadefl of Mexico from the rer- flow between us and Mexico! There U not a oro- deeply do I regret a separation froa coUeagnes with thirty1olutlon until ttte formation of tne new Constltuuoa, Feb. 6, 1857, of which Juiaii la President. I>uriBgduct between our Mexicanboundary and Panama, whomcompanies,diggingshaftsotti!theae thirty-two yeara, MexicoIIISiU0S>8 ATTACK OH VSHA CRTIl.—— Tiie Libmis 8ooc«adtalthese partiea have not cbangiad their relatlTe strengtha great deal. Juaxxs had nearlT all the States In al-legiance to hie GoTemment at Vera Crtiz and nine-tenths of the people. Mr. Cox preiented their rela-tlve strength in a tabular form, abowing that M ixahonwas confined mainly to three Central States, witb a lationa with us, we might have thirty millions ol ber brought by the starofikt Wat. Vja-xna* approached The Republicans fired salntet in the temporary And Tiolent occupation of a few placea silver per annum. We have $120,000,000 <rf mining Vera Crui on the 29th olU, with 6,000 men, a nuiaer- towns of the State on receiving news of outBlde. JuASJE holds all the porta and Custom- Interests now, with only 20,000 persona empioyea.UajaiMtoagalaM toe Ull. He did not doubt that Preaioescy. 11th January* 1866, Baimo JujJUB,6y the each R^eaentatiTe should lay h^faf us fbeWhite, Mr. Joaauii, of Arkansas, (Dem..) Introthiced u E,irt.i.i;,,r, iiiliance to control the affairs of Mexico. save but a desolate laud, a demoralized citizenry, hu proiected Let those of Mexito protect themseHes. F. E. Bp.svstib. a merchant of San Francisco, who (1 .•iC'a.$l CO; He:!. «1 3;jS! 4'3. CiiRIl ueary ;thrivingIndustry.merelyCol.s&nd-fort, recently erected near theCruz successfully, and tbe chances are that Mixamok, these sterile mountains I What affiles of gold inif Bot overtohen by Maxqdis, may lose even the capi- piclures of sliver. Spain shone resfdendent with proach, and the latter was to enter the city on thatmasoerat,mittee, reported a bill making appropriations for tbe tal. Mr. McLavx was right in recognizing the Juarez theae riches for centuries. Aladdin had no dreams side. Thirty coiupir^tort were baniMJud/rom tkeauthorities. Tbe Executive is wise in urging this treaty as tbe salvation of Mexico.to soil, climate and sky. Its tierra* templadas have right of way clauses, and its authority to us to use no equal on the earth. Here every prospect pleases,but only man is vile. Civil order could elevate anddevelop Mexico. We must give this civil order. Wehave the unrest, the the form of — steam-engine, veryGovernment local, decentralized, and commercially,cityy and Vivaldo condemned to /our years imprisonment,MAxni's Havana expedition raised the Mexican flagwhen out of Havana tiarbor.morning. the coast at or near the mouth of Medelin and ers and graxlers of Eel River County, wb»After an analysis of the Treaty, as to its transit andIndians, men,»u»eninforce its execution,regardedchildren,ments 00 Mexican soU. a territorial ByIkar wtnild like to know why and where the shoe Mr. HASxra, of New-York, (Anti-Lecompton Dem.,) but for |ber peace and devetopcment. Observe the politically and religiously free. We open Japan and thence communicate with Mnijioii. Mxaur liad onclaim that the t,wH.i.» i>eaeefal-from the Committee on Public Expenditures, report- free list In that Treaty and you will perceive the am bytions at Willett's Point enhanced price of his provisions, as well as the plan- tions against the policy: 1st, as to the danger from ter of cotton on the Gulf, whose great staple will find the population of Mexico ; 2d, as to the acqtilsttlon ofhence a vrar of extermination has commenced.Mr. ETHixinez, of Tennessee, (Am.,) from the Com- a larger market. The iron interest of the Middle new territory dangersfrom the south Telegraphic dispatches partmittee on Indian Affairs, reported a bill providing forthe payment of the depredations committed by theStates and the manufacturing interest of New-Eng- land, are alike the recipients of its results. JVe mayhave sailed on the 16th.expand untAout danger, it c^uld not live mttek longer lookout for tiiis expeditien. He Itas a battery planted rich quartz discoveries. One company had takon oatwhites on the Shawnee Indians of Kansas.Mr. Scott, of California, (Dem.,) from tbe same thither, against only eighteen mlUions from 1640 to if the spirit of tbe Confederation and the ConstltutlcNQiWe will do more. Since then we have carved wasthe Voited Stateskilled thatby the fai»at our pie scope of lotercourse which it offers to every part this great and golden opportimlty.verydoor ispast year. Theyaffluent commerce which. In her colonial and he cannot see why the President early day. wenttheie;made Acapulco the Venice of tbe New World, wants Mexico, if it cannot be maae Slave. That By the new arrangement the Judges of the Court of and the stately galleons of Spain the armada editor does not understand the Ostend Manl^esto.'grants from bogus ticket swindling in New-York, bj The French commander and others visited Miai- appointing an agent to residelthere permanently, nanequal to this arithmetic of ready and coined cashIChina treaties and trade3d, as to ttie increased of dis- unioB by annexing territory. He said, In referring toof Ore- gon, dated the 26th, represent intense excitement aaac^uiBitioos, that if this country could not forty-six millions were exported uttkoxkt decay. There was no danger of expansion,Meantime JtJAaxs is on the atthemouthofMedelinriver, Sixorsevenschoon-existing in the vicinity of Jacksonville, on account of $125,000 In gold. Eight hundred paands of roA$60 oftrade with Mexico which we had fromprevious;1850Coismittse, reported a bill proviolng fo( the examina- out an empire on the Pacific, and China and Japan their own way to prepare for Statehood. It was were stationed along the coast to intercept it. The A large number of prominent citizenj of San Fraiv-deadthis great self-government, wnose next census will show under its flag thirty-six millions of people, and an advancement than ever before ui mate-Texans, will hold the country and bring on a war. Republics always up UOK. and ready for movement,! But each district in theshould out. Such movements are nowgoThey are under the auspices of theGolden Cross," whose mystic " K. G. C." cannot iraiity repealed,to Jdarez, and ag^ret' to plate turu in the Cipjial. (.>riijhl, stern offshore. Ti:e dO' goods have nearly allbeen tbken and she wiu be iiove ofl'wben the sea out,course these emigrants can.iot go to such a countiexist l<y Euioft-nn sufl^erante. but by iis ii^.^utfcra'ice.We diu not coiiBiiU Iht abtnit beii g ikhull l:i' i-'rf nt-ti and Spanish residents were very bitterdenunciations of the afTalr.'I. :'•«!. (-uAi-MAN isbearer of dispatches to Washing- goesunarmedcontract wliich Mr. Cox noticed. We cannot bliim-down and the w eather it. permits:either Jlaexe or these adventurers if wcCut»b, :ha,l ;.«*Jso, the petition of Jiius W. Nt« and one hun- far as Mexico is concerned, thisdred and five others, of New-York, In favor of the do not do it. other nations wilL As I have said gresa, and retrogression Is decay and death to our ments to atoms out of its rifled cannoD. If European Horrible Massacre ofHomestead bill.quoteroad steamers Ovcego, fromandsuicide she has oegun, her estate' will be left for ad- Mr. Lass, of Oregon, (Dem,,) introduced a reso'.u- ministration. Shall it be admijiistered by strangers ? tloB providing that ihe Committee on PubUc Lands Shall it enure to the benefit of those who are neither akin to her by political bympathy nor neighbors in interest or destiny ? This is tbe problem which the statesmanship of the present time Is urged to solve. Hy solution, Sir, is not new to this House. 1 submit- ted It with great deference in a speeck.oa " Territo- rial Expansion" on the 18th of January, 1859. I urged1S27. The /(Tx^enXium was, that to support so mffcblcvous and anarchical a state of things as exists inMexico, where no right is tegarded as sacred, is todespise justice In general aod do an injury to all b:*- tions but to theleft at the same time forinquire into thelel as the boundary between Oregon aad Washing- ton. Adopted.of an active aiitl indicate and health. ;ige, growtiiToledo.expediency of making thfc 46th paral-They are llrks liv the chain of Providence, They show the mutaulliiy of Inmiin nmpire and institu-news fromtjons. The case of Mexico, however. Is determlnn- fixed as tha' which changes the constellations in the land Mall last nightmu^be done. If weIndians !Navigationisopenbefore on this floor, if Mexico completes the advancement. He to proceededDiscovery ofWashoe Excitement—Political Items—Ma- rine Intelligence—Markets.St. Locis, Sunday, March 18. The following dispatch, bringing one day's laterRail- Cleveland, Nev-York, (lom Toledo, arrived yesterday afternoon, with car- goes of Corn, Pork and Fiour. The steamer OleanVattlland FuiLUUoax as authority to show tiiat iu- Cox referredGsld-beariDg*nor do we bre iier pa'Oon for growinp. It we want to buvPowers choose to expand, we have no protest. Mr. ; to thr growth of Russia, England. terventioD was Justified in ttie present condition ('f France. Sardinia. Even Spiln was again fighting her Mexico. He lUustrated it by the case of Greece in old Mcortsh wars. Thf>e are the movementsalreadyIs theAn^loIsun-French Convention, and to threaten Yera Cruz for der our auspices, again play their p,iri iu commerce. dent of a successful resistance.thus aiding Mibamon in his attack, andtion protecttog the Rio Grande boundary tovolved thus compelling Juajlxe to pay the claims of France that we must take charge of tt>ese interests atits discharge :I am yet to see an American who does iiot believe'* " The United StatesAn tha Watai,WTe probably California and Oregon, onr Mexican relations. If Gen. Hocstoii went Into against the very Government it protects in its sometime, and In some way bring together the mu- Orleans on the 14th.'wfliiitJanH, ba raprcsented in the Constitutional Mexico and established a protectorate In Northern schemes, and as a consequenee of Its schemes of ron- tilated members of Mexico and breathe a new life No particulars of the captur« of the steamer Gen. VaiOK CeK*<BtlaB> The snppodtien is, that Senator Mexico, a war might and would result. As a conse- beiy. Another financial move is to put fifteen mit- into its form. If any nation interfere it must be Miramen have yet been received.of died BiBsxLL, Illinois,yesterday afternoon.CaaBBBBi win at that time conTcne the National toe McLaae quenceII0D8 more of debt on beggared Mexico, which, added to the eighty milliOBS created In July last, by Mip.\-either Spain. England, France, or tbe United States.IjBter fVom Havana*— HKWSt7»lMP0BTAKT THJtMARKETS.Nxw-OauAifS, March 19. Monday,The steaD' Uabana, with Havana dates of shipthe 15th inst, has arrived.The news is unimportant. Stigar dtiU at nine reals.Exchange on New-Y'ork 2X per cent, preminauFire in St. Paal, Mlnneaota. THIETT-FOUB BCILDIKGS DIStSOYU) l.08g, 1 100 ,000.La March 19. CaoBBX, Wis., Monday,A iire at St. Paul, Minn., on the 16th, destroyedTreaty would be jeopardized. xacattre Committee, in which event a large dele- Our Rio Grande frontier needed a Federal force gaUan will be present at Baltimore on the 9th of May. there, as well against the Indians as against the Mex- The Secretary of the Interior has dispatched an icans, who were scouring it with tie and sword fromcannot without making more trouble. France cannot without having a war between the Latin and the Anglo-American races on this continent. Eng-SECOND DISPATCH.The Mexican war steamer Marquez has arrived beuon's makes scheme,Spain-five millions ofdebt foisted on Mexico In five months 1» Besides th-.&.ninetypaperthere are millions of money in reclamations unse- land does not desire to do so to^oa United States HAK, of the Saratoga,cured, arising out of fresh spoliations of foreigners. "To these it to be added the debt of Mexico, foreign and domestic, ascertained in April, 1857. to be $9fT.-BcLvrxB on the 8th ofspoke July, 1858,glory Englandpires here which were writing her hifator>—not incaptured Jlfiramon, which arrived at noon.of whichtainS per centum on tbe revenues of Mexic-j obelisks or pyramids—but in the language of Eng- Both steamers were captured off Anton Lizardo on801,276,(63,382,105;'^'^LaJovenAmerica:" and these journalsto bring the remainder.enterprisewith only a slight loss,lieve is the highest duty of a Christian Nation. His speech of a year ago had been translated Tbe steamer Marquez has on l>oard a portion of the Unless our Government intervene, either under this irto the Madrid and Paris Press as the ex- prisoners taken, aad the United Slates slilp Preble i«trenty or otherwise, there will be irresponsible aui pression ofadventurous expeditions. Gen. Hodston, if he go^R w ere amazed at the simple statement that we had atinto Northern Mexico, as he threatens, with I(),0ii0 least a dozen locomotive fired;yet:but desires us it.low,inprize chargeof Lieut. Cbap-the steamer" organize<u ments. If legal sanction were given, or the Neu- Cruz has been revoked.KuIkMs of the laws were four limes this numberThe- City of Mexico is surrounded by the Liberals.our bu-!iiets with .Spair.. If wt havulo take her,it is our ousines-s with God. There is no «\f^iil 10 rat:-fy this treaty and give aid. France Intervenes for Hlliiiu<e in Euxope but hasenoiigh to do at home. A ^litJie Erie Opea.Italy, and we have more interest in Mexico than New-Year's at the TuUeries a >earDcKttias,Y., Monday, March 10. westernFrance in If we fall to move, we retrr- grteiicg ago Italy. .'Dapped the treaties of 1814. Solferlno blew its frag-pijiio>opher Uiey move bya law asCalifornia, :was received here by the Over-NoD-ArrlTBl af tke North Briton. PoxTLASD, Monday, March 19—Midnight.There are as jet no of the steamer Nortk signsBnJon, now due at this port, with Liverpool dates ofilfc ::ial commeiiceniciit, has resi^ueciposition circuicstartces slated in the following ielle:.This step, which I have loD? contemplated, I feel ourcommercewithMexi-compelledtolake,inasmuchasmylatxjrlousprofes-$1 »6«$i 60: Red, $1 4ic«l W- aimumfor 72c.@;4c.Wbisxt,24c.and on tbe Gulf we are at tbe doors of Mexico. Of,u!^d Rst^aO; uVi 8paniih iuraffion to the Revolution in 3^24 xhe try-:hj provisions and flour of the Great West, the indications of snccess, and of the future prosperous dustrious habits, and labor for their own snpptnt ojt Sightmlze her hictory under three epochs, i. Thirty millionsFrom the mostly goes to England. If the produce of our coun-Untitled Document::to take effect rlose of the present tent of Lertures, Imetals —aad thereSM, celebrated in this eity the 12fh anniversary of tfaaOldenbnrf ship Bindostan, Juaksb holds some of the towns beautiful plateau, those affluent gxilches, those seams RoBUs and Nioam. All the inhabitants lied at his 27th, brig M. Garibaldi, Rio Janeiro brigJaUtn, Hambvg. rsflsijn*leagveaIs not true^hat because HiaAMow has tbe capital heholds the country or baa the de facte Goremment.Mexico Is not France. It Is a federation. Our nation Chill to Fraser River, that they are the approach, city, mountlBg six 84-poanders. It is thought that this Humboldt Bay by a party of 40 white men. On tn^Jlaws and their position as a part of the great mountain range fromthe vestibule of that immense temple whose sunless architecture has its endless colonnades and mystic chambers beneath our continental sierras.coinagenewsble massacre of Indians at several villagaa aiaaatandgeologicalOregon to-day, bringingof alnni-On the 16th ult., CoL Tivai.so, who commanded allnotesi toauthorizealoan; regulatingandincreas- VeraCruz,andashemovesthatwavhisenemies thesilver$2,^34,l15,051—figuresunderwhichthemind theprincipalIbrtsontheSouthernaide,wasdetected andchildren. Ontbebeach,atthesoothentraneaofing the duties on imports, and for other purposes. Mr. SazKHAir, of Ohio, (Rep.,) from the same Com-Bay, forty fiftythat being every human being with a red ikio at tbat village. It was reported and believed at Eureka tkat a simultaneous attack was made the sameupon the Indian villages on Eel River.was known not less than XOOfrouitheconquestto1630. Thegoldwas$90,892,142three-fourths ofmove toward the capital. Jcaxie will defend Vera reels In its wonder of wealth. Wnat a fruitage from in a conspiracy to blow up the fort on HnAMon's ap- Humboldt or more wereif loeal comtnunlties were allowederrigged gun-boats, mounting sixty-four pounders, from Mexico, being unburdened with transit duties. internal diseases. He would not discuss Slavery Indianola was to tow the gun-l>oats to action. Gen.win go North to our poesesaions on the PacificSouth along the South American coast and Eastwardto this Orient—the golden Cathay of Columbus— New-England, nor the responsive guns of tbe Gulf where our enterprise can touch upon every spring of Squadron" here, can add to its discussion. Slaveryyieldedgold.!preserved—The House to act on the several amend- tra:ffic and open everv avenue of intercourse. Thus is a question of economy. Where it pays, it goes.from the new mines.The bill for the protectioa of CalifOmia-bound emi-;ethics in They had been exhausted Congress. twentyGoicoosau was on board th^ IndiMiaUi.ce.tluries agoA RisTOTLB. Neither the " of .*"y polemicsu> that the Southern cross.t>fvicissitudes of ernpiie and tiie revolniions *>f^iiation<,and of tha; territoniil expar.sion from whi''h thi? Ameri< ai; T ontiiitnt cannoi be exempted without an-will secure the Callfonlaoliegf,owe toala'ge family,of the In- dians and reservations of California, without any'pointso'clockiSunday momitg.Markets by Telegraph. Baltimorj:, .MoLday,may,;wiiomwereThere can be no more quarrels as to the predominance MOH's camp. The result of the interview was un- paseeo ttx assembly.That treaty is Mexico's respite. Its death Is Mexi- of the Free States. Hahmokd, Stxtxnh, and tbe best Arrived since yesterday's mail departed, ships JeamI to party dietatlca, is hi^y approred. sentatives elect are now admitted to the floor. That co's death warrant. He was ready to vote the money Southern statesmen, have given that up. But tbe known. Capt. Tvmer, of the Saratoga, had gone toXHB MKnClW TBBATT. part of the amendment proposing to extend the same ($4,000,000) to execute It. It would prevent Europe- South may be aggrandized by Mexico, without Mexi- Miramon^s camp in bekalfof the American citizens. He Jean, Bordeaux.^* abettercome some this privilege to ex-members of the House not prosecut- an intervention ; and by the magic or a steam-manne co giving them one Slave State.had not returned. It was stateddoes not guarantee full "protection to the Americanup day eS&ce~.«a«^)M»uuiidhe-makeacircletofempireall roundtheGulL Wasthat,The demand is and country unaccountablybackward,tbe regular traae have not tbe means if they hava«f the maaragaa Treaty. The was rejected by a tie vote,'l£e Speaker adding Us In changed from liew-York Cltv souln to New-Orleans. ('feed bursts into life, tlses above the groimd, effloresces These fears had once been felt before Texaa was ad- and decays, wtlh bloom and Eere. The flagand the of our propertythe detite of entering theimarket, unless the country citizens, Capt. Jaivib trade shall revive soon. A reaction will probably en-I'of Seoatar Smacn to the eighth aitiele the negative. mitted. They ill-founded then. New-York perpetual will land SOD — proved ame law of growth applies to our physical bodies asarmed with Minie rifles.marines,an art wiiiilileiiiil taaable. The Rhode Island Sena- Mr. TjuxAiisisBAX's motion to resctod the rule grew is growings and whatever frees and sprca-l> well as to the heavenly bodies. Without growtn, The LttKrrale wad American citixens were urging w-ants.tar taAaot stadlad the bearing of oaT&eaties with Bqapiaa powers, or that of the treaty he was dis- aaiikiv ; bat, being exhilarated with the Idea of kill- ta( the treaty, and saving the eoontry, he hastily as- aamadapoaitianwtiichproperreflection andInvesti-gaUSBpioTe nuoand.From the Assosiated Freaa. WASantami, Monday, March 19.and her commerce. Two nulUonsofclatms. Mr.CoxgaveapictureofAmericanoutrages in Mexico. Hepictured the American citizen there In gloomy colors. The country was debilitated, bleed-;$11 ». bbis., $18. Bacon good fair, lAc; Lieut. Cabtib, who had arrived at New- Orleans auction sales of 4iO bbls. Amos Hams at 13e.which restrlcte a meral>er to one hour in debate, was defeated by seventeen majority.motion to refer Ac Military Academy bill, as re- turned from the Senate, with an amendment pro- viding for the calling of the mounted regiment of vol- unteers heretofore authorized, into the field, to theHe showed theournationaltradeandempire,magnifiesNew-Vork bothbodyandminddecayanddie. GrowthisttieCaptJabvistocaptureexpedition, which he sales ating, dying and brutalityrapacity,crime,was safe, rado.;but he thinksTbe Havana Diario says that Misahox has from sixa land oflicense Industry only quickened for vice. He asked: Whoshall intervene ?rages and atrocities sinations of Tacubaya thecraft,iadolenee only active to wrong, andHe instanced many particular out-despotismthe murder of Cuasx, the assas-tlus law""*eigbt men,;;:doth not Whosoever, whatsoever^ grow,issupnertedartillery.it would beas tohe said that nations obey tbe same law by which therhefourgoforourIt is the same with nations. His- tory writesit on the frontlet of Time as its foremost,Clear Pork, In bbli., hadnotdecidedtodowhentheTeviotsailed, iniahailcondition of health.(21Bluings'bols.,ness and the laterof liberty,in the eras of15c. 16c.;higber vtatbeIsthmus3tk;. Cheese—SOU nbis. BaltimoreSugar Crushed, byboard alarge quantityofstoresaiidThe men also Saratoga'sTHiilDAll hands left the ship Di H'l/r Clinton yestertto our delegation to theLet him Latuau oelcgatee from San Francisco are in favor ofhand> of theCoTTOK, demand moderate atshipPrebU was to sailfor New- Gov.II riiO ^IMPORTANT FROM MEXICO. on the at$U,0O0.1ammunitian,several other vessel, had sailed from Havana on the same mission. A well laden schooner was known toFROn THE PACIFIC COAST.N.between this and theArnredtodxiyiarfd and brig Ida, for Japan, making six vessels thathavewith cargoes ol Japanese goods.Nlw-OsiXAm. Monday,respecLMibamoit.:%Xi:3S\It was last heard of at andMikauoic willoccupy Alva-;«0 feet in one oftbe WaahMrftmri "dImeatoTbe total contributions in Callfonla lor the reliefasth,~The French BepubUcans, on the of tha nigktthe House of R>freeentatiTae at Sak Faucnoo, Feb. 27, 13 M.—Arrived SMh, iUpSasThe steamer Columbia arrived from tbeem of pottsweredeeds were perpetratedhave suffered from Indian th» depredations duringBordeaux New-York bark St* ; Europa, ;if MnUMOn AU tne business doing is of a speculative diaracter..;—Bapttste,sue. Money is getting more stringent for speculative Maxih's CandlesareveryduUat19c. Provisions—Extr»Me&s Pork,quiet—ter heavy ana droopingOregon- of Lake Erie. The New-York and BrieQaartz—The portsfreely at $' t-7}6, w::;,- ut sales.While aad Yellow :uc'a7-c., oy weight. PaovlsiOHSsuperfine* tjoiet unchanged* Bacosi i.:°t at 7i4c. a'J!<c. Laid Cull at 105<c. Wats-av ,ecli:ieii19c."ai9Uc. Money naarket:Whsai dull'*icloudy. —-_--— -?Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069---_-.- ,:-^---i. .»i^JllJ^,.j.L,..-Tfrig--5:sSB6iB*'«aafflis^iiii Ti ilTtf-'-''www.fultonhistory.com 