 NEWS FROM EUROPE,Arrival of **• City of Baltimore Piedmoute*eGaribaldiana. ft$fmgOf***?*;"^jl*?r* aadC-.«b.l.d_—ren«aire«^Ze«^umeaaiohuutttwooifait^hfu^lco^pie^scfte^e4smadeuporamrimofblunders,ofi of jobbery, aad a want of Judicteu*Off Capo/V^'^v'V'- •.A^liOMl *>J +* «•*£•*» AacriUB aid Cowaugit.tNorth to tea pay of the Pontine*! government. The organiza- But however the Sardinian Minister may trcely do must be oonfeased teat the 40,COO men now quarteredThe BmatariiiMit of Ancona by the Sardinians,Garibaldi flre_«tfta« to Attack the Neapolitan HoraMsts.»irritatingmenaceawithwhrnht^TP»«P^J ItalianrfrovtaceA Thali,ift«wrt'wiU **r proclamations, excite and maintain » WgWjSJfbJ oar« S u carefullyas « ^ * TM * *£ eminentengineershaveactventuredtorisktheirrepots of vtotota or the slip of a rose bush. 8osteha« ttke^ut ttonas engineers upon tees* ussiest works whiteTavel i a nImlM-oflios.ply leg as far aa is la Ma power, aa immediate remedy to tachavila. King Victor Emanuel's conscience doe* not permit him to rematn a passive spectator of tee bloody repretsim with which tha arms of the foreign mer- cenaries would exttngutah e very man ilestation of nationalAasuma poateaato&a to Italy. The treaty V which Lorn- •xpeetodto th*tr place have cot yet swrlamj. jAfigrte America, tee Prince of Wale* has been compelled, bv the Egypt tha priTUege of throwing a sulltoo offeeiirg in Itallaa htood. Mo government has tea right of MPORTAIT ornCIAL D0C0KIT8. abandoning to tee will and pleasure of a horde of soldiers otf*tm»tb*prop*rty,tlie honor and tea Uvea of the inhabitant* of a civilized country For these reasons, after having applied to hia Majeaty tea King mywagustEarly in his progress through the colony the Prince adopted the resolution or entering no town ta which it ap-Tue lxx9gtmaa» Cotiiivt Between Garibaldi and Cavour.The omctal directors appointed by tealeast, "make them fight." If Garibaldij terries these Several offioers with whom I conversed expect to ahwtly serioMily contested, sad has been honorably maintained. contract with the company, might fairly hat*The main by tee North American, which arrived atQuebec on Wedaeeday morning, reaehed thta'city yester- in which jour Excellency has thought proper to have day afternoon your letter of the Tib. mat conveyed to me, I have direct-Christina ll aborUy to take place in Madrid.O a r F l o r e n c e t ' o v r e a p o n d e n c e . Fuiajurca, Sept. Id, I860ought to be less subject to criticism than any other for ni, and the latter or the eight regiments which * Neapo-receiving in the ranks of his foops all who come and litan squadron has been ordered to tootei from Turin tooffer themselves from the various parts of the Catholic Naples. Events will no longer aUowJof (hose political where la its real signification, and properly explained by ball was * dismal failure. The Council adjourned ti 1 tify the government ia going on with tee work Mr. world for the defence of tee Holy See and of the States of oscillations, and Count Cavour is taktwhls precautions the representatives of Prussia to the German Cabinet*.an yet from the Papal forces, la falling under their o n - troi. If General Lamoriciere does take the determined Stand far the defence of hta forlorn cause which it is ex- pected, it will be in the four strong, aad, as far as popu-Majesty, sett another to General do Lamoriciere, Commander in Chief of the Pontifical tfbops, couched in the following terms:—Axtz>-\ Sept 9,1860. • ExciiiaxcY— Sis Majesty King Victor Emanuel, who ts so deeply mttrested m the happiness of Italy, is great-percent. The troops of Garibaldi are arriving by de gross, and distributing themselves to tee city; Naples now presenti * very picturesque appearance, the red shirts are warmly welcomed. The city is quiet but most animated, sodflagsare stillfly togon all the balconies A report of an attack having been made against the person of Garibaldi is contradicted. It wjei only a feasant of Vcmero,whosprangoutofahedge,antedwltb aknife, and wanted to force some persons to shout for the Bour-generally irecogniz d jurisdiction. In fact, the confedera- tion of a car tan number of States, diflsreaf in extent, ta character^ and tn power, and yet enjoying equal right* to tbst Confederation, cannot overcome the difficulties aris- ii'g from such a situation, unless the tie which binds its members together touches aa little at possible their inter-maintain itself wlthoat the help of prinoes. Tirenu'H vtrvr OF THK TRO~BLI.fFrom the Gslway Vindicator, Sept 10 ]The spirit of Orange loyalty Is not confined to the north of Ireland. It pervades many of the large towns of Eng-upon examination, hole* ta tee gutta perch* largead which had bee* enough to contain a good pea, endcaused by tee action ef the electric fluid. The mariat superintendent of the Red Sea line in his report esy; - '•The aea water being thus admitted to the copper wires,talioa goes, considerable places of Perugia, Anoooa, Ma-oarato aad Spoleto. He may hold out pretty obstinately the provinces of the Marchea and Umbrla. His Majestyat Anoooa aad at Perugia if be chooses, aad Macerate should by this time be tolerably strong, if it be true, aa ire have been totd, that nearly two thousand men have been for some tt&e busily employed adding to Its means of defence.The obstinacy of the Court of Borne, judging from the saaaaer la which all propositions for concession are re-nal independence. AThe same result is indicated by a consideration of:,the absurdity of their demonstrations if they were con- ducted quietry aad In obedience to the lswfnl authorities. But when they preach of loyalty with their lips aad then assume a power above the constitution, the criminality commences. One o tee latest and moatforcibleinstances of this Orangeism we have to the conduct of the Cana- dian Orangemen to their more than dtsrespestful conduct to the eon of the Queen, the future Sovereign of England.The reception of the Prince of Wale* In hla tour was marked by respect and courtesy until he approach*1 Kingston, where an Orange arch was erected aad a proneb or two of the copper wires, which started apart, aai the connection was thus lost. These bole* ta the guttt perch* were undoubtedly produced by the eipuw.&r. of water or air bubble*, accidentally retained betweec the gutta perche and tee copper conductor In 'the process of laying on the gutta pereha ta a soft state Tbete.e graph worked from the 2»th of Msy to tee 10th of Febr ftry Mamtag,ao teat about nine aaoatea were required for the electricity to work a passage for Itself to tea: earth for which it has so great aa affinity It must cot, however, be suppoaed. because rv-t* pereha baa been tried aad ta every IMJL_* found wa&tlag, that there is, therefore, ao hope left for the "cause of snbmsriae telegraphy. And yet, s tee face of theae facta, tee government has expended £860 000 upon * cable which teey admit to be safit forceived, la aa great aa ever. The spirit of hostility to troona will, aa quickly as possible, occupy the Marches Pte-imout, as the author of the revolution, is indeed ao and Umbria under tee following circumstances.—1. If the deadly teat ao one can answer for the sanguinary ear troops ui der your orders were to employ force to repressPrince Metternich, when he left Para for Vienna, thatAustria would fare best In consenting fa the sale of Vene with the desire to see the action of the Federal Diet, tscession resolved on, such sswe are arcuatcmed to an- nually in Belfast. Actlug under the good advice ot tee Duke of Newcastle, tee Prince refused to ride under the arch, or at all give the sanction t f hia presence to pro-caaaea It may authorise before yielding to the homilia- a national manifestation in any town of the Marches and of Uaaria. 2 If the troops of which you hare the com-tioa white now appears certain to coma upon it. mand war* to receive orders to march on a town in the The great work of the liberation of limy is advancing same pontifical provinces whenever a domonstratton of atin. It is therefore to be expect.-d thkt proposals to this effect will not long have to be waitedwr. But the Court of Vienna seems still to be quite resol to keep Venetia, never mind what may be offered for 1 The Emperor, ta particular, does not think of giving i , uuiees forced toregards the Internal organization of States, and especiallytheir constitutions reduced to the strictest limits, it is t ttee same time persuaded that to do so ta not only tikebest way of preserving to the Confederation Its real cha- ceedings 50 offensive to tbeOatholic inhabitants. Theseracter, but by resolutely entering on such a path, an end Orangemen were told distinct^ that ths heir to th* the purpose for which it waa made. There are ao pracaa rapidly aa the warmest friend of the country could da nifestation were to tax* place in a town, and be put down aire. There seem to exist but two elements which might by your troops, tee latter were not to be Immediately or- become obstacles to the realization of great plans and the dered away by you, ao as to leave the town free to expressbee* Informed that they will be alio to join the AUS- trlan army should teat of the ~ happen to be dls-cular Interest In seeing removed. Penetrated with that with proeesslons, party tunes'or party colors But, tot graphic purpose*, atid less are there aay objectionconviction, and firmly resolred not to abandon it* attitu neverthefess, they persisted in their resolve. They re- to it* ua* oa the ground* af economy. A visit to toe esIts «tabes. No one better than your Excellency can un- causes of anxiety. To conquer and drive out the princes derstand how the national feeling must revolt before fo-end their military hordes who oppose themselves to thenational movement hi not tee most difficult undertaking.As long as no great foreign Power supports their causetheir rato could be easily forecast, and this foreign in jou will spare tee protection ot our arms to those pro- torvaatien was, and in, on* of the two evila which thePrince refcees to land, and the Orangemen won't yieid. There is great excitement at Toronto from the same cause."with which that substance may be used, and tea ai. but perfect insulation winch it afford*. Tnooopperwj* L-, ta the first tastasce covered with the ribands of India rubber, curved or spirally. Wh** treated by a very ••*• pie aud inexpensive process, theae spiral bands are cemented aUo a perfectly solid tabe, perfectly inbe Influenced by prudent and reasonable But there are even among Italians themselves •friends of a foreign State, or of prinoes pledged to" ; policy, than to the liberal cause of their own Sea* are fooad among the higher prelates, er of patrician familiea who have held courtly i man are ready to become tho agents of dia- orflav for the parsoae of bringing discredit upon freedom, aad to prove teat society has ao guarantee* for its safetyexoept those which despotism and its great conventional ery forcenothing. It must, however, be admitted that his facultyof ottering plausible explanations is, at toast, sa great asbis faculty of creating diplomatic difficulties. We pro-pose now to place before our readers, as succinctly as wecan. the eepmnntton given by M Grandguiitot of thewithdrawal of th* French ambassador from Turin.people, and the governments will only anticipate th< withes by zealously joining in giving to the mi'.i force* of Germany the deveiopement and tee organt tion calculated to inspire in the nation, on the apLthere are those who Mill adhere to the theory of the re- public. Probably a majority of the whole population of Italy arefriendsof thia form of government, and, under digfcrent and mora preferable circumatancea, would cling to their principles even ao mr as to carry them into prac- tical operation. Among these are some of the best men cf tee country But the larger part, like thoughtful aad aaaatbl* man, while still cherishing their favorite theory,the Italian policy of his master. This sudden departure cries of welcome. You are not, noi would it be to con- aa demonstrated by experience, the security of Germ,who made the Atlantic telegraph, the government bad ia- quired what substance* were best adapted for tbe ; or- pcaes of tasoJation. they might have discovered that there is one cable which n»w connects the Isle of vTigtt with the otpcaite coast, which baa tola there for it lad fifteen years, and is now. a* perfest sad »s sound aa oc tht first day when tt was derosited in the water. In ths case the copper wire is insulated withjtodia rubber, and has siamosrely accept the advantages offered by the prtsent•jreMualitles, and unite themselves under the lead of au similar suggest! >u I That was the concession granted by T~a**«hed ami generous sovereign for the independence Austria a few days a'ter the defeat of Solferlno. thetown, whioh Is the queen of tho Med- rrauean. You are,yea will be, the first of her citizens. K'ot the conquest ofone of tee cities of Italy, nor of all, caj-offer you that satis-faction whioh must result from this mi f assurance that youhave mace another still more deetriible to your heart,unrivalled, nay, unheard oT In thai'historyoT victors,the conqoert of the hearts of all Italians of Sicily and real character of the situation Imperatively demand Nsples But what would be the trludj»h of nice millions the defence of the common country. You are anthori in Southern* 'Italy, and of twelve ruflions to Northern to speak, in accordance with the views I have Indies*o f l o t % s Z S f . *&•Emperor Francis Joseph fell In with the views propounded^ w e » • °"»ere, whom no hope bv his Imperial brother. At Milan, Victor Emanuel was Italy, unless yon had at the same itisvS wen tee suffrages whenever an opportunity may present itself Accept,their subjects, and at Rome, the Pope would enter upon woulo^vfw^TSW^1''? **»Tnaei* *> 8ec»d thepathofreform,andbecome thePresidentonthenew a s t a a d K w ^ t e t e e ^ . ^ t ^ t l o n , 0 . f « « « * « « «° »aka Italian confederation. M. Grandguillot does not care i>inquire too strictly into the reasons which prevented Le remotTa^dno^ ?£» ^ * h t e **?**<»? could not the accomplishment of that plan. The blame,perhaps, must not be thrown on any one in g.tr* uacorrem ammsastemTh* h m ? n r i w 2 ^J** particular. The Dukes may have acted foolishly: the aivlnm m Soam rather thu> J»L "TM Pre«rred to and an King of Piedmont may have refused to otter that disinte-i T u T f o m a ^ m u ^ ^ to Austria rested support which waa to be expected from him. Heas a symboli of deliverance tor all oppra*ed nationalities!—.unlet* at themention of e*>i6aWi,**« Hmawirian,thtItlyrian, tke ISohetniam and Croatian,, felt hit heart leap Majesty from the Drusee:— uita love to hit country and kalrcd jph?u< i d o>p),euorvEach street of this city you hear, Je echoing with theunanimous my, "Long live Victor JKmanual' Long livethej bad been sucressrui, or if the Prince | bad been ao Not only has there been the fact ef tee continued J»» yielding as to recognise Orange procession* and pass un working of thi* I - l i s rubber etod telegraph to eervs tt • der Orange arches, it would have been a public insult, aa example to follow, bet experiments without f~z.\# \ and perhaps have caused a split bet wees the mother have shown the Immensely superior qualities o! i- * country and the province which weald be Irremeable. material as compared with the other. At tee •.•*"• A small tax on * chest of tea separated Eogtaad and the which were Instituted by order of government. It *•*l a l t a d States. An Orange procession might cause the found that gutta-percha waa ao imperfect sa :*•«. fame result between her and Canada Aid tela ts the lator that the galvanometer Indicated n torn of at.NEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5. 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET. eithertothenorthorsouthef th»capital. KmlgTjattoos, TheAmtlra in tMe FgtfaVl SUtUs. ThefollowingtaUtacctTeapondaaaacxcoaagMoatwepuor Wavlaa am* tit* Oranej* neverbeheardofbytheiCount Cnvour and Cardinal Antonelli, prevloaaty to the come when tt behove* Tmtor invaatoa of tha Roman State* by tea royal troop*. The tar* lata hla own hand. * • " * " * • riisteaiilm minister's letter la tha cardinal m thus*hanwhSrt1removed to Trieste aad to Pete. At toejattor ptoee the aad Connaught. Men who might have been brought,the natianal feeling and prevents the Ratotmemepwt ouwlidth, uanaderartmhya opfreauanndtiactlproltoned, tj»ugh fager of the wishes of the people, will tnfaili- volunteers, to attack the seasoned and wei disciplined nam tea extension of the movement to tho neigh- troops who are now pretesting ths Pope; , intbeac- boring province*. Tha totlamteasmmotlonwIilahaxlBte teal state of aflalra la Southern Italy, defj would be betaeen the inhabitants of tea *^oheaaad ^aterta.and doubly disastrous. Againet any such a .o as that those of the provinsea aaaaxad to tea States of the King, white Garibaldi la mud to entertain V Emanuelplace is not very numerous, moat ot the troops tavtag other complexion, there is aa part of Ireland to whichlies bad virtually Mat control at theao ta tka case of tha Mil • • temi Matte who had obtained from the government*the letter just given - •-..-« *«<* ROME, Sept. 11,1SS0.The Trouble Between favour and Cari- though he may mul himself of Austria. No longer eilow b a i u i . m 'your sons to ;be Included to the conscription. Scorn aad The Paris Debati of the 10th ult. cxpreei m itself in the despise the German and Bohemian officials fosoed upon following language on the present aspect ff Italian siUlrs. this free and Independent kingdom- Refrain from buying landed estates sold by the government to recover arrears of taxation. Be especially mindful of this injunction, death being tee punishment allotted to every one treache-'exwedintly'tniKiktog. Theae wdent lTM^<TM» deciding upon carrying out the work. TUB committal creed which la a-ppwed to embody tee right of private which waa appointed a short time since to Inquire Into tat judgment, resolved that the Prince should not entef the packet and telegraphic eontracta, might have elicited eon* town but under arehee aud between ranksflamingwith very interesting faitt witbreapectto the RedSea and other teesymbols oftheir sectarian supremacy. Theybung telegraphiccontracts,hadtheythoughtfittodoaoiandIta out tech- atendarda and devices across the principal matter of regret that they did not pursue tee uveetlge- streets. They ureW np ta line along the edge tion a little beyond teat moat auperfielal toqutry whistThere is no necessity Tor asking, for history has already Connection uitkikt Sardinian Declaration of Wmr—JPrfnisters, the letter to the Palermitans whelming effect.A communication from Turin or theThe King yesterday summoned M.Ea him to enter tee Cabinet of Count Oaradores* oa hoard had been negatived by sixteen to We may, therefore, suppose that tee Council pre- d the memory of William III. to tee actual presence Albert, Prince of Wales. The sacrifice of the g to the dead wsa, at any rate, accomplished.••registered whtnee came tee troops who nave vkvently grew */ the A p w % Arm9—Ltmyrieimnr» Chance* ofteeconstrained tee will of the people, and tee artifices amxmfnl Oppmitiin~-M*pt* Obttinacy of the Soman which have been made use of for throwing into perturba- Court—Proom* of Ou Wftof Liberation-The Mmjorirtion the greater part of Italy, and in ruining all tnat wass a y s j - .and requested ance. It knows that ta thia matter all tee confederateU —rti Remit* Betffcial—Htrw the Ssrtftnte* Declara weigh on the legitimate action of the troops or the Holy Hon of Bottiiitiet vat Rtceied by the Italian*—Ulna* 9Mto put down tha rebellion of Perugia, it would trulybe more logical to throw that responsibility on those whoPublic stunttaa ia eudd* nly turned from the Sooth to concerted, whence were derived money, arms, andthli part of Italy. The Roman province* hare become means ef all kinds, and from whence instruc- tions and orders were aent to the Insurgents.stated, la re- nted to the King that, though very anxious to Jomply with histhe American Consul to Constantinople— Mortality Amongfrom abroad have excited the revolt, and you know per- Anrxxmiin nmnee,de.,dc fectly well, Monsieur le Comte, where that outbreak <vaswishes, be was obliged to decline tho h S x proposed; notso much from repaiston forfJount Caraur as worn thestrong conviction that their union wo'ul produce no benefleisl result to tee State "It is neoesV art," M. RaUsxiIs said to have added, "that your Ms] sty should keepme In rt serve to replace Count Cavour i * the event or hiabeing obliged to abandon the direct ice of affairs; andperhaps it will be advantageous for meHo remain at thedisposition of your Majesty until thatSnoment shall ar-rive" It is said that, after having stenthe King, M.RaU/zt had an Interview with Count "Cavour, In whichthe two political adversaries settled &0W they were to security and the Independence of Germany, and of each ofthe theatre of-acfftr* and meet mtoresting eventa. TheTory prompt appearance of the proclamation or the King,deaJarteg war again*! the government of the Pope, would!tho* that tt moat have been prepared simultaneouslywith Ow note addressed to Cardinal Antonelli, asking himThere to consequently reason for re presenting as ca lomotous all teat has been said by a party hostile to the government of the Holy See, aa to t^e conduct of its troop*, and for declaring that the imputations cast oa their chiefs b) the authors of proclamations of a nature to excite dangeroui fermentations are not less. Your Ex- cellency conclude* your painful despatch by inviting me,sider the present as a propitious moment; aud it has con aequeutly confined its efforts to obtaining aa application of the existing organization to a manner to accord with the veritable spirit aiU the real mission of the Confede- ration. |Kxcm.ixxcT—Without taking into account the mannered my whole attention calmly upon the subject you layThe main potato of tbe aew* by tela arrival have al-ready beea given. Oar ilea, wbtoh art « M day later conceal from you that it has cost me an extraordinary ef-than thoee received *7 " * A"*0- contaia some impor- fort to do so. Tha new prin Jiples of public law which Count Cavour wishes to obtain from thslChambers cer-before me in the name of yoar sovereign, and I cannotKing Victor Emanuel has convoked ilhiB Parmemeat for the 2d of October. It is more th*i probable thatly preoccupied with tee events which have taken place inland as well aa of New South Wale*. We do not mind the actioa of the electricity aad sea water decomposed udoe* not ignore that any manifestation of a national char- acter near the southern frontier ot Ms kingdom, which might be repressed byforeigntroops not having between them any tie of nationality, would inevitably produce a fatal centre c >vp in all his States. la consequence of these grave considerations his Majesty bas ordered a oncentra tion of troops on the frontiers of the Marchea and of I'm. brla, and has done me the honor to confide to me the su- perior command of them. He has at the same time or- dered rue to make known to your Exeelieney that thesebons.He waa shot dead on the spot. -*•diflerent kind. The Federal Diet is composed of presentatives of the German governments. Doe* tnot result from that fact alone the necessity of avoi even ths appearance that the whole of the govern) oould wish to subject to their juriadictija, tnorderto decide in their peculiar point of view, differences concert- irg the relations between the governments aud tee legp-latlve chambers. «If, then, the Prince Regent's government is animated"itotsmtraahonornodgteatneesof tea^J«SS«E plications,however,havenecessitatedachangeofpolicy. andorderstandingaroundyou,witblyndintforesightonready to crawl aad crawl to > coentry—who The auaoes! of Garibaldi at Naples, and his determination their brows, and to those men of vT|ory and glory ever tore*, whosoever they may be, and to whatever sect foreignmaster. Therenow oal> remains the rtosU tocarryouthisoriginalprogramme,tobanisheverystran- botdlng watch at jour side with >to native courageV may belong; more especially toeards thow who_ uncommra warmth. ^Th» OT*athmrtasmseemtohavetheirollring,aad.-SSi**1*wlUl tM>**** * forMnats ten*.' Srffffl aiaaaheearthanut-iai,andthe clmical party aratbrthamoitnartaaent, Hpareatlyappallcjbythe erertccreag^aadacity of the sovewign 8D many tm- »oriaatewm\as erenrd so rapi-uy upon each other, that anaS r y f S f J V * ^V?**1 t t e m « ob^gad to keep aa drawalof tee aonrry rather than a dairy record.TowhichGaribaldirepliedwlts|i;thecurtneuofaelude ajournal containing aa explanation of the ex whichhavehappenedbetweenussadtheMarcnlte tionofMountLebanon,inorderthatallteeoccurranl which this journal contains, from the costmeacemenl theend,»aybetoldtoyourImperialears. Wesni!a"ai0lEf!L.BSK^ ^tMf '^ b^ ow 1 1tetog to do la to e e c e p t | T i t _ ^ £ f . ^ ' * • «that wiU crowa with victory tee bo&est ventureDuring the Mat few day* four ahl;* hav* left Trleato with troops for Anoona; but as the jtlea wet* not in uni-ate unto ua in doing justice, sad ta oencerttoc with our Ot- toman government, tee moat high, and with other exalt- ed Powers, in order that we may not be treated accord-Which biiidtos to the Ointment give immense trouble, andthe • ost cr repairing some of tbem has beep ao great thatf°"rn- aaau s* taw asaa of CtoaanJ t^ceral at Cocstantinouie lieswholeaffairwsapleasantlyarr^^f to MtoT« ^^ the 0 lcemit* A»basaador from Turin became a diplomatic ne- aetvitWH£1*** UBM*•SardiamnAmbassadorhas varyhlBhsniiSfc MaA H M ««*>»»tory to learn, on the dm/Tow^^"^*»«,"Uiereisalongwayfroma •^«»tatar**.?2.K •fTM006 expreaacsherdisplca- •alftoInformm.tliS. y ^^ia, **lshecmtiDeeher lomaticex^Sest*?.'***»*"«»•whichsatisfiesdipdr>l»g up tee tear* of live oenttf a—that man whom, government of England, just and compassionate towards upononteeateofJuly.1307. jlee, shefirstlooked*theworshippersciGod,andwalieemboMeoedtoTln-eat expense The Atactic line has been abandoned: whwasthertmdttlonofth»-portionsof ft which sre raised after great d ft>ulty that it wa* cot maiderod worth the trouble ani expenseofre- •ovetipg. Malta snd CagUuri have now co tote- ;rxph!c rommuBieati.i: with earb otbfr : the line >mCagliaritoAlgimisdefunct:theauctionfromMaltaassemblage of roughs, intent nrjoa Uavsltng fre«_ »* eommltesrv,withth?ropesandstaktf,w*ileftbeb.»* He followed, however, by th* regular aix o'clock traJ. andrerxhecGoringshouthalfpasteerer There,M» ever,teepoliceInterfereC.andamovewasmadeto*»• I'ngfore road, near which the ring wa» formed, AP« ^~ menevi'y.enter*d. 9.xroundswerefought, wc^ twelve m'autee. in which Mace had the best of to« «"This is aniave tho half of !ts value for the trouble oflpicking it op.the men to meet egsm to-day.ADDITIONAL BY THE C0MAUGHI/ST. Joffirt, K. F . Oct 3. !»«•* Th*fcliowiBf.is ad iittoaal eewe by tbe ateamab? <*• taugt:, wt.ee arrived her* at three o'clocl this etf-*>»».tweec the Emperor ant Count CkSTM,.* • ^ **** *K°> he 0 TOtt^, lhim to oppose toto M S f M U M S *§!%£** 1R a n t s . rrromtheLondonstar,Sept.30]expense the worthless cable had I historyofsubmarinetelegraphsdowntotheigiven almllair . f ^ - - ^ tShmT$Sfa(tow to packed off incontinently to durance vile—in Franc*.1 have been A correspondent of tee Indep-mianot, wrtttof from Milan, rays:—I have just evsllea mjself of * little leisure \ Ttraar, Sept. T, I860. BswSBKggSf i until time to pay a visit to Venice. I pssaed through the Enunninc—Thegoveraaaeat ofhlaMajestytheKingof awny- wholeof tee Tyrol, whichtaeverywherecrowdedwithsoSe r e s ^ a x i e r too like thea J - r ^ O ,with the management of the difficult eciebtlflc aadaM neertng detalM.ana mea whose interests were mane u a v * combination of the emoluments of conceaaicnlareB sli theprofitsofmanufacturersandcontractTM,havehadoo«Bardinlaeoaldnotwithoutseriousregretseetheformation thechiefactorstotelaItalianaramahave; nplane. tnops I did notfindIntheItalianTyrolthatagitation iva fitltodvlrtut* Thtnew^Useemseven to invigoratetheevU fidedtothemtheworkoTmaking the cable Thesane la well a* th* iSod. Things odious and pernicious, noandexistenceef the bodies of foreign mercenarytroop* weshallnot kaow tee truth of'what hi pur- which has been announced ss prevailing there;butit novtloa or such corps not consisting, as in all civilized go- hitherto to hla duty to Italy, the coursel«tean^teSgib^tanr?air,galn "**"tTMJ»* tionofaosaaaeaofanaofaunartortslantbaabeesSmn I^CJSUTM and thrive In the bracing air of a new world. to the undertaking. The late RobertStapheaaon. althoart Of S f X t S t T o f Wtterneas mmmtts* atrttmWsF^ Chairman of the Bectric Telegraph Company baldaJSm r r dull; the barracks not betog •amcleat fo? tee fiercest animosities, are reproduced at a dlateac* of threeaccommodationofaUthetroopsnowtathecUy, orfourthousandmilesfromtheoonatrywhichthey tookthismutartohaad.teepublkhtearigtetotxpem several ot the conve*te have been occorded toJUterllv. helped to render too narrow for tta offspring. J - P I * ' . " * that some stops wouto have been taken to obtain a realtrEmajmel there are sufficient to prevent any hostile manifest*!ton.n tertlto- feat that cuitteak,dert wlUbahltante ol inc Marchea and Umbrla. Tnls stue of nopossibleuse,and tts*t&JBardtota^e-mf4the ardor temiTdnngcrouatettewf,banamettlDmoresoafter tadhonarmj t0defeat.Batthereal« ivana*on IhTScU which have taken place in Sicily and In the King of Sardtola win 1» to controUln be anor cttlxens of tae country, but of men or alt allocs and ^iSonsVdeeply offends the public .of Italy and Europe. ' The want of discipline, m such troops, the inconsiderate conduct of theirAll the passes are fortified, and the slopes of the Alpsare covered with redoubt*. The engtoaara occupyInsprnok and Brtoeii, amltheace*2££«3£»»wbb direct the workmen, who are employed at^evy highwages on the fortlficattoaa of allteepassesleadingoaVerona, Padua and M M . Jhta, vrorka are betogcarried on with such activity that Majrare withthemahandfulofIWatto ^•*£TM*?ZZ carriedwiththentothebottomofteeamalreadysomesued Is sorely aa clear a* tee day. He more than carry out the proclamationi of toteeSardiniantroop*. Hemoat ridthe n of those toreijga sdve»turst* who nowtheSOUof theoldcountry,that of rong^^toton^fromthesesubmarineunm.andwas knows to «tertan strong opinion* respecting the faulty and erroneous pruT ciples ot their ooostructio*. Mr. Locke, Mr. Hsarfcsha* tea lata Mr. Brunei, Mr. Page, Mr Cranpto. .^aado^sryou lay down In your letter would be indeed sufficient to tain decided proofs of confidence calcnlatSd to sive himamong oihere, ft proposal for a line from the Land's t*4 to Gibraltar, Malta aad Alexandria. and thence to India, and for thia the promoters asked oalythe aame gaaraats* that was afterwards given to the Red Se* Company la the matter of tee Gibraltar line the Treasury directed tat Board of Trade to super viae tee manufacture of the cable mid It was stated thai Mr. Robert Stephenson approved cf theterm of cable submitted by Mr. Gtaborne. It atee Chare*. Nothing is more false or more insulting against the day when Garibaldi's will may perhaps be op-causes me to call anew your attention to this subject, and to notice the general points of view by whlih we are guidedmthemasteroftreatingthequestionsreferredto.The government of the Prince Regent a* I have no need to assure you, considers the existence and the main- tenance of the Confederation as of the highest Import-eight o'clock next morning, baring appointed a com- Longridge, too, expressed hia opinion teat the cable w_than to'attribnte to iho Pontiaeal troops the disorders posed to his. Attcf tee nattering ho: TVDmm*4onAnUmtihtoDubcmdhitMtnmmrUt—Ittwtoshb*vetakenplaceintheStatesoftheHolySee. annexationparlybythem^tenamesinspirtd in the UariosMi's miuced an over-mittee to negotiate with the authorities who had put up thegrebesanddrawnoutthearmedranks.TheIssueor teetefgotistion does act appear. A proposal to presenteven "more vicious " ia tta construction than that of tht Atlantic and Bed Sea cablee. It ia understood to be a consequence of these and steer repress-tattoo* ontht subject, that the government have decided upon aot raying the line aa originally intended ta the deep water between England and Gibraltar, and the notable device has been bit upon of sendtag it to Rangoon. It sorely cannot be Intended, when there la * complete intertf»f limhara Dmn a *§»<iiKc— titpariurt if Bonba most In vlolsbie and most sacred bath in right and injustice. common accord with him, to employ.iu order, by afovemmeaw are perfectly to accord with It It also nows that the majority of its confederates share Its opinion teat tee organisation of the Confederation Is ca- pable of, and requires amelioration. It finally shares with tbem the opinion that a reform of the federal organi- zation can only be undertaken by religiously respecting the rights of all, and can ha-, o a chance of success only to circumstances favorable to the solution of such a difficult question. fThe Prince Regent's government cannot con-i s to the cofiseqntnecs which it has been sought to mite tary forces of which they can disnose ti jvidiagfor theh> itiabaad and anal home his ragged regiments, a de- in tee nam* or your sovereign, to immediately order theaaaad which nobody expected he would comply with. disarming and disbanding or the said troops. This invi- •ft-seemly exhibitions of allegiance to William and Mary. ia three months, and at l f « than one hair teaOartaln tt is that two very able Piedmonteae generals tation was accompanied by a sort of meaoe on tee part of Piedmont, ta case of refusal, to prevent tee action of thehave taken the aeld, and energetic anl determined action said troops by means ot tee royal troops. This involves has already commenced. General Cialdlni, commanding * quasi injunction which I willingly abstain from qualify- area towards thirty thousand men, is moving down the ing. Toe Holy See eoald only repel it with indignation,strong ta its legitimate rights, and appealing to the law intotheMafimea,orthediatriitlyingbetweenthe ofnationsundertea^gtsofwhichEuropehashitherto i aad the Adriatic Sea, aad General La Room, lived, whatever violence the Holy See may be exposed to suffer, without having provoked It, and against which it with the other dtrtatoa of the a m y of about tae same la my duty now to protest energetically m tee name of force, l« to ecanpy Umhria, or that district of watoh the his Holiness. With sentiments of consideration, 1am,city of Perugia la the centre. They have both al A*., G. CARDINAL AKTOKELU. ready mads some progress in their southern march, and At the same time that the letter of Count Cavour was tow* after town, with no considerable opposition presented, General Fantl, Minister of War of his Sardinian\£ jVictor Emanuel's Power -In Naples.its mem , to presence of foreign nations. Some of oar coofi , however, appear to turn their attention principal to the uniformdevtlopemeut of internal politi-Thus the chief city of Caaada Weat waa not deprived of the pleasure of * visit from the Prince aad urang* fana- ticism received * quietus as well sa a rebuke.cost of tela defective aad uncertain cable. It e a reckless waste of public money to lay down ta the shallow waters between Rangoon and Singapore a tele- graph which baa coat the country between £800,000 aadThe writer, it will be perceived, does noVvpeaK In a very complimentary strain of Garibaldi:— • U j Iof the water. They threw out detachmeataThe Venetian tamestIon*A letter from Vienna of the 16th contains the follow-ing:— ' v ««'The Emperor of the Preach Is reported to ha ve said totbc rojel government hope* that such of Its eonfedera aa have hitHerto entertained different views will not fuse, after an Impartial examination of the awhich it presents, to adopt it* opinion.CBixrvaoi OF iTAiT—In the name |tif those whom I bas becom* stronger and stronger among the Gc _ow'un edecas n'intend qu'tm ton," and, although wo see kiss (kissing Garibaldi) is tee kiss I f the five hundred on to make.reign oppression; aad I feel ooniidont that, by frankly and Immediately accepting tee propositions which I have just mad* to you to the name of the King's government,[Correspondence of tee LondouTelegraph ]-, I8«0. Garibaldi at Naples! Well mighk an event of suchrepratontatlve ofIn his euthnsias The speech haiaidltto.ial dutybeen wlthoat their lien to*, Bach lessons for the past tions of the French Emperor. The capricious policy of staff or generals behind him, Slgnon tzala iThe Prince Regent's government is certain la ato obtain that adhesion shea it proclaims its conviction that tha first and the highest mission of the Oonfedx tion, and that which prinolpftUy led to tta establishes.!. was ncthing more than to protect from all danger and viience from abroad the independence of each ~State separately, and the absolute integrity of teeeouaU> has bad to dread. Bat the other, and perhaps vince* of Italy, and the disastrous consequence* whichhappy omen Inspire Signer Azala,. tee people, with the thoughts that b tic address to the hero or Italian libi been smnggled to this country to di of a most effective Incendiary pam doubt, will be iutoresting enoughAnother despatch say? —"A meeting of Orangemen atToronto resolvea to sahere to the programme of aa in-terned procession, with banners, &a The news from permeable to water, even though tasted uuler Kingston crested great excitement, and serious conae- tbe bydraaiic pressure af a thansand saaaoapbe-s, Uuet cea are feared." or immersed to water aa a temperature of over 300 ds1•••-•consequently, are of daily ceeurreate. The greataat c in-ternetiseUowedtobeheapedbythetraaehtroopsapoatee mercenaries under Umorjciere, aad when a disi>ut»chance* to arise, tee unfortunate pap d supporter is alway* WenTlahM^sVeU as strength and grace. The second has probably never yet been surpassed ta'toeh.etarTrfpolicy certain of conviction at tea hands of hi* Gallic Judges, and .nerattoo may even exaggerate the woraer tralte of the any great undertaking. Persona without tea shgUartK?^ A^orOtnsIto the aame law, our colonies are m preUnatoas to to* requisite ability have been entrtauJnierooaferment Thepainfulrecollectionofthemas- foritwouldappearthatthemaj>rltyofr*?rVand pUtage of Percgta la still alive among the in- ciere'i troops are bid in garrisons where tt Ity of the not even suspended en Sonera. Venk*to woaad- sprig ef shillelagh. The moat hateful tTMTM^'^ three or four muilona of money. WhenUaad ttasons of order and security la hia own territory, must set his faoe. But he must do evaa than teat. been irmruhed to tee extreme frontier oa the. sideof Fer- tee Qoeea would net he greeted with * loyalty paramountTli© P*P«*, V*nettan«nd Sici- laThla Majtetyl fomnmaat oader the nacaastty of ao- Ha musttake aa part whatever in ttteati upon the r*ra,and toward Peachlera, aad those which had beoa to religion* dissensions. But in the very centre of Britishsovereign tor hie ordure, I have tee honor of signifying to jour eminence teat tha King's troops are charged to pre- vent , In tee name of the right* of humanity, the Ponttfl cal mercenary corps from repressing by violence tee ex- pression of the sentiments of the people of the Marches and Uisbria. I have moreover the honor to Invite yourwords into action the responsibility mast rest with him. It 13 a source of great satisfaction that teAAustrlan.go-take thefleld,7 • >3ToKmaatehbekagsftlmaliaamfmatogular^cftovta| pre- insisted, placed as they wean ta tea diristen t*Mo-entente of tbc Anti-Cavour Excellency, tor the reasons above explained, to give im- mediate orders for tea diaband ng and dissolving of Party In Sardinia. those oorpi, the existence of which is * menace to thateaceofItaly. Trustingteatyoureminencewillimms prudentpolicy. AsforAustria,shehas igoldenopial npoaeveryapacecapableofreceivingpasteandapieceStately communicate to me the measure* taken by thegovernment of hla Holiness in the matter, f have tee SPREAD OF REVOLUTIONARY IDEAS honor of renewing to your Eminence the expression ofmy high consideration. CAV0UR. Tha following Is the reply sent by Cardinal Antonelli toone from politicians who, until iately, wet sly trying to exaggerate her faults and to pro net her s| 3y rule, and we are glad to think teat her foreign, noti^ i tb:<o her •lo- mtstic policy, has dlsappolated the ma\ev«ace ol her ene mles- _ _ _ _ _ _of paper Of^the latter the following Interesting speci- menhas been communicated to me through the kindness of a friend in Hungary > -Above all, ye Hungarians, keep your fealty to your le- gitimate king, Ferdinand V. Refuse to paytotpoataand taxes to the government of any other sovereign, EmperoraawellalveryInferiorlacondition.Thetwelveorfour teenteouland inhabitants of thia Lake (totarloaittrepot comprise an unusual proportion of fanatics—who are de- , scribed, also, by the reporters of the New 1.ork preaai aaotherinstancesofpositiverefuaaltoentertaintheprops aitionaofotherpartieswasthecase of the promoters«f the Great Indian fcbmartoe Telegraph Compaay, white bad been formed some time previous to th* gwtaramaathstrla to the westsalon of Venetia, and, even on prudential grounds,dots not appear to feel any uneasiness sS to the Hun- garian regtoVenta which she has at Verona and »«««*»»• A weeding out baa recently been made ammg P f W * ! end, what is almost unheard of ta Austria, many of thefury and otfeDstveness of a party calling itatlf Protestant, to keep on board hla steamer, aad leave unvisit* 1 a town marked upon bis routethe depth! whereThereon eadhta hosts lie buried,'tat en into the ceatwlaara of the government aad tea directors, and to them was confided the carrying oat of the work, the liberty to prosecute which they sold to the company in tee first tastanoe for seme fifteen or twentyhardy waa ceded t o Piedmont confirmsmore serious difficulty, is the possibility, even at the may result from it. Accept, Excellency. Ac , FANTLmoment a the most brilliant successes, or divided opin-ions and Internal oIsaensions, aroused by the nnaernpn- OPINIONS! OF TBS ENGLISH WIE88.sasja passlanaei obetmata faattoninte. There is certainly [From the Loudon Herald (Lord Derby's organ), Sept 18 ]tela reason to Iter thia BOW than at a previous period, The pen of M. Grandgmitat has once more been em- tion in full. Standing In the great iof the Palazzo di At no epoch ha* tela mission been more Imperative for M Fx gland, where not only the law and all a iciaf proprie- substance, that wty yards of cable have beencntcptaU for former failures, principally from thia cause, have not ployed to reassure the Powers of Europe ts to the inten- Forestiera, with the Mlniatry„the iclpality. and*daaaa years have ottered a solemn warning which has not Napoleon III. has at all events taught his contemporaries " eded. Most reflecting sad temperate minds are to act upon the Horatian maxim of being surprised atlowing words id welcome of hia liberator:— X ^la spoke the fol- ymen's victorioustee Germanic Confederation than In presence of the o* lsting politic*! situation. But the spirit which animal the cation facilitates the accomplishment of it. Since foundation of the Confederation the ioea of nationalties are aet at defiance, but the Monarch herself publtoiy instiled by those incorrigible ruians, who bring with tham to every clime their definable prr rvunties.> However condemnabie all this business la tn reality, however guilty in the individuals and disloyal to their sovereign, it Is quite in the nature oflengths of half* yard each, brougnt together like the pieoai of the polypi, and atUl piaatrrtog tee aame degree of is auifttwn. evea though anbjaoted to tee testa of salt aad boiling water. Messrs Silver A Co., wMl, ao doubt, haw many difficulties to overoome a*tor* goveramant depart menu atop out of their ordinary routine, aad coatractonof the Prince de Talleyrand from Turin 1s, then, consist- Bonance with your feelings to be, tl [ conqueror of thisent with the course pursued by Napoleon UI. slnoe the peace or Villafranca What was the solution at that time proposed by the Emperor himsel'r Not absolute union, sajs M Grandguiitot, but federal union. We are even told that thia solution was sanctioned by English prece- dents, for did not Lord Vonsonby.at one time, make adepend* chiefly on the efforts of Prussia, and on its lo intentions sod the purity of its object, the governs of the Prince Regent can confidently hope that its Ger. confederates will not only respond In the measure of t resources to the exigencies ef the general political sit tion, but that In tee Diet they will zealoualr support tee measures which the gravity of circumstances andGaribaldi!" and these name*, dearefTto ua, we Include aad eomprehend ta the one cry, *|Long Bve ItalyMsy God gTsnt her continuance of imperial its strengthening In the name of God, amen.powerloyally of Orangemen to throne and altar. ITheFailureofSubmarine TrWraph*. ;Fromtheloader.Cronlcle.SeH 151 'anteaalllisremoved,evenhemayfaiv*oacem-^rere orthesovereignPontiff TheentryofSardiniantroops v.red hjnaarly patriot.- wti;r.g, aa<i consent to became wto the Soman territory only increase* the difficulty of the ehapsnta of Victor Emanuel. He might well esteem m«Mtaa*toa, and Napoleon in , as eldest sm of tee it a snsaaiant honor to b* the g-st Itishopof the church ensreh and self chosen champion of the Holy See, was u»».»rthepowerfulprotacuonofaloyalandho*,oatItiltaa °*»aitu.interfere, itisthusthatthewithdrawaloTthe a*ag 4metropolis, to which his Vt^siaSXS ^ataEJ!* ' " ^asekinibeastgu*itssndatts*»*£££££ IJPMheafbraedtohlaexile- ho* thm Fraaeta n ,1couMItaly at rt« of all the petty evvareitna-boru ttslianf'Ki distance, to watch over th* destinies of Italy. Later com-parting, o bold ; kiss you yet onceWhereas, Godhasspared His peopleaud besto upon them your Imperial Highness %nd governorvmay even have shown * want of strength to resist the currentofevents. But,bethatasitmay,theevilwas done,anditonlyremainedforFrancetocontinue,fromain with one VittareEmanu. and, t have noml ttt transla ttotal territory.Thts is the state of affair; in the Catalan dependence greea. So perfer'.iy facile of laanngsmeat ta tail proteaashould call the &obles,f were I not alt. Md of teJaTtng theirreelings ot delicacy; lift the name o f he representative*of this town, allow me j modest, but i A great, a* you, toImprint a kiss upon thdt forehead wh :h si ill carries themark of self denial, aS.in the daya «" less renown, but of a foreign danger, a well founded hope of the sm which is surrounded by the halo of a risible glory. Thia.circumatancea that It will bring results which an 1 manufacturers admit the value of a new tesciatiagall honest mea most earnestly desire. The bat shareholdera to telegraph companies wi. mater iai; bfact !s now plainly established that these men are deserve eB I a to which teey may be Involved, eat not only disloyal to the supreme power, bnt that they teeir directors will merit the gravest censure ff they per would place that monarchial power under their feet, for severe ta those vicious and faulty systems of const-* their own purposes and the assartion of s truculent rule, tion which have already! caused the failure of ao masf which recognizes neither mercy, law, nor religion. submarine telegraphs, aad canned many of their bestThere is * French proverb wntch says ••<<hii n'enUnA or the efforts which to that eventuality it would beno reason to change tee opinion we have already ex- thnnaaiid inhabitants of Naples. Y o j , O chieftain, will pressed In these columns, we are ready to give an Im- bo pleased to regard it as though it hi a been given to you partial hearing to M. Grandguiitot when he endeavors to by the hundreds of thousands now aesemsiod In thePrussia has quite recently. In order to Increase power and ber military forces, added new sacrifices those which she had previously demanded from her po|friends to despair of ultimate success.If, instead of following blindly in the footsteps of thoatinatrumeat of uJlitary force eaa furnish. Baides these, throw some light upon the motives whicb\iuat now Inspire streets, sslutlng your presence amot us with jubilant latleaa. Rely tag on tela circumstance, on the fact tlRestrictive sets ef Parliament have been powerless tobind and control them. They make cobwebs of themTbey stick by tbetr traditions, never learn anything,never forget anything. Their magistrates aad elergyteach them in this course, aad urge them on ta this codeof morals. But now the truth is apparent of what waytbey are indoctrinated In their secret crab*. They barecome into collision with the Queen or Eagtaad, aad theymust be taught everywhere that their unsocial policy is anuisance that must be abated. Canada ts a Catholic coun-try, acd is so recognised by the British government. But other outer protection than a coating of tarred beinr * "f these men would etiupei teeir future sovereign into sa it has ao happened that, in the face ef tbe praetiea' gw*Orange demonstration, as offensive to the people there as working ot India rubber, the less perfect material cf ru'." to thfi*e in Ireland who have been Insulted n&der such s pereha should have been recommended by every per** practice for a couple of centuries .whose houses have been who bas bad the management and manufacture ef f-' *»o^jienefits under a diffeM»t Iyiiem from their own will to reign; at Florence, fmrma. Modena, the iHikes " re- of tee whole civilised world lljpf both bemls-equate,whoarereadytotakeadvantageofnoweirbecotneItalianPrinces,"wouldreconcilettemselve*withphere*r—unlessyourveryname]|idbeanaccepted $CHLELNTTZidesolated,andtheirwivesandchildrenslaughtered.Ifricecabea,ttisimpossibletoray,endhopelesstoInquire(Here the who> aaaembly brtfrenzied cry of " Viva ritalta:" "V3ele!" "Viva Garibaldi") Befiandrreeborn chieftain, allow memore, and to tranam t that tis* tcuHose men of liberty tilled with mercy and compassion towards all his i1 w Ar%u £&j£l ^P>fie kind worda which**^P«»to*manner which satisfies dip-pledge*she'baii^7%,^e wUi no*breakthtef-s-o~le'-m~-n thefeelingsandconvictionsofth*pbpleaadthosewho teatyearImperialcompassionmaycoves'as,and1Corfuhasbeenaba.,ionadtothecontractor,whomay teat,whenthepo»iceinterfered,aaltherefereewasr—|it1} Tne laat mail from Australia brings intelligence of the pereha iffailureoranoteersubmarinetelegraph,|r.z.thecabi*| across Bass' strait to connect Tasmania with the mainhind or Australia. It ta sot positively statedwhatare Fight between Bine* and Brattle. tamper*i Prtaoa, and when the evil taiddenos of litrdSJi ge* from Italian soil, endangers the temporal independence inborn heroes. Most noble and adoi* t chieftain' Gradu be judged wittmot justice and without evidence. Wtu i the causes of the fail are of this submarine line, but the [from the Liverpool Poat, Sept 20 !efficient cable, and that oompateot advice would bar* bees sought. Bat they followed to tta old coum-teer*extensive works whichwere »TM»?^J»£l!"*f" under the ameliorating influence of improved mars, to was routine In all tespublt: office*, aad why should set now nearly terminated. The streeta or Venice ereoom- think mire highly of charity than of orthodoxy, use a the aame principle of action s« adopted ta thepletely deserted at toak, but the cafe* wattaueto be fre- more perr*t equality of political condition only as a ture of a cable f In the case of the Atlantic toiegrapa. quented. Verona la more animated; the garrlaom of that license fof hating aad abusing reUgloadtta of aa- the men who bad obtained theof Naples. The praaansa of forelgn_troopft oafct ofcfaurtitberWatn.d iWnaexOhuasvabei*shtowllyn. tOhantlya*nmyJ( »maa would Tb^atoea^ la nearly empty, ml tit* « ^ h * * J « * * Lower Canada are cursed by tee • • ^ h l g o ^ a a L l a t e rVictor Emanuel will do well-»t least forJhe present^to ebetatoing from any attempt to extend bis Itauaakingdom. Garibaldi's address to the people of Palermosnd his proclamation to the Neapolitan soWiers leave no- sub officers have obtained the epaulette. O*"^..** peared that occasion would be taken from his presence todoubt as tohls intentions. He pomta to thlQdirtaal and Hem la coaaldered at having the oomamad provtotoaally, make a display of party or religious emblems. This veryto the North, and teBa the army that lie win, at but General Benedek la expected * ° « ° » « * M . * ° J ^ ? ; proper datemlaatton bas ta only <»e tastanc* baen meat to aeats at the board, by virtueHungary. barebeentoldtoritbylisenemies.laJtoiteofmany Aaewmodalofdisaemtoatingthespiritofdjatetlafac-provocations Austria will n»ko no warlike, move unless tion has been; Invented by the Hungarians. Che«ts full she is attacked. That she is fully prepsrejWor eventuali- of revoluttoaary proclamatlona have been latoWfoundoavernmentwillrefusetofall intotheanarethat seamstowent down the rivsr to meet tho Prince, and endeavor dispense me from giving any answer at all, they being so the moral force requisite to resist Garibaldi, If peces signal for action Is given. „ _ _ ^ to soften hM reeohittoa. la this, hla orange-coloredtant talbrmatioa relative to the great qaaaUoaa now being decided on the continent of Europe.Axcotdtog to advise from Bayroot, Fund Pacha, aftor baring consulted with Oeaeral Beaufort d'Hautpoul, had called together the chlete of the atatontis, aad prohibited their |lvtag any refuge to the Drusee. It waa aaid thatmUttary ofnrattona woakt commence after the hot we*. thar. n was aaaerted that Fund Pacha had preventedthe omtbreik of an ineurrecttan at Naplus. Vt luce Couxa vice, utterly unjustifiable. In fact, many govern- our cor respondent at Turin dreads, not witheut cause, •seamed wish regard to certain Important questions pend i« expected at Constantinople. The irusaian Comoaia- ments of Europe have foreign troops in their tis warlike ardor, while our Naples correspondent soescontrary to those which have constantly bean acknow- ledged by all governmeuts and nations. Nevertheless, feeling deeply the tncutpatims cast upon the government oi his Holiness. I cannot refrain from at once noticing the blase, as odious as it is unfounded and unjust, pronounc-ed against the troops belonging to the PoatiaoaOgovern-sary, and there is no doubt that he #111 obtain them. The Dictator has hitherto, without any great teconva nicnc«, leaned first to one side and then to the other; making concession* to Count Cavour and that with drawing them, and afterwards yielding again. He has now arrived at ene of those deusive moments, (a enter-worship was, of ooorae, uneucoessful. He returned tothe aldermen and councillors awaiting him, with no morefavorable answer than that the Prince would wait off teetown until nine o'clock next morning, or would receivethe Corporation's address oa board While the Councildebated and the Orangemen stood to their arm*, thePrince anchored his steamer, and sent for his dinner.,, now siated, apoa very good authority teat tee late Mr. Aftor his recent exploits in dancing, he could probably af- Stephenson did not approve of the form of conttruetioa ford to resign with complacency the Kingston ball, adopted, aad, further, that tee apeclfioatiooa 1st but be could not forego the ceremony of dining. tenders wean invited daring hia abaenoe from England tag in the Federal Diet bas, sa you kaow, given rise to Boats were seat off to the house where tables were Mr. Stephenson addressed a totter to the Treasury, is diverse appreciations. We have, however, not failed to spread for. a royal guest, and the disaes were carried which he expressed bis disapproval of the cable; aad wtmeet, and 1must add that Ifindthe pretension or deny- prises like his, when hesitation become* Impossibleing the right belonging to the Pontifical government as even to the most -wavering minds. The acts or Girabal Uvea at the German courts:—well as to any other, of having foreign troops iu its ser- di present just now such a character of uncertainty tuat The attitude which the Prince Regent's government haspay. On that subject It may be expedient to observe reason to ace us Jhim of having been suddenly transform alo&er hM left Uoaataatlupple for Be) rout that swing to let character with which the aovereistn Pon ed into an ultra conservative. The cause oi te'S diffe-The marriage of Don Sebastian with the Infanta Donna tiff la invested aa the common father of all believers, ha rence or opinion is that toe former onto Ihlofcs of Berta-dangers cf the situation. M. Rata/zi spectfnl but firm language, to have ri—but oelteer did the Priaoe pass under tt. mystic painting of ark, cherubim and burning bush— medallion ot Garibaldi, to novel combination with Bible and erowr—the orange calico, tee _ white robed bearers, the mounted chief, in appearance like unto down circus rider"—all maintained the "noder" resolutions adopted at nocturnal mas* meet- bat the Prince bad lifted anchor and steamed off to Thither a multitude of theae posthumous loyalists rled by railway, ana presented themselves ta array, Kingston—and with the same results They wouldtheMeditarraMetnwereprovidedwith atelegraph,ITtn« Red sea ana Tadaft Ocean were traversed, we could un- derstand the policy of extending the system a till farther; but to oommet.ee the work at Singapore, and teat too with a doubtful cable, appears to be the extreme of folly, a most complete Illustration of the absurdity of begins ng at the wrong ead. Mot only ia ft patting the wTong oabie in the wrong place, but it is t aub marine cmaannimtton which it not at all reus, red In that part. From Rangoon to the southeast of the Teaaesertm provinces la British territory, the coast la inhabited by s peaoafel and tract- able people, aad the whole distance is admirably adapted for aa overland wire, which might he erectedthe Psjrilamen-arch Inscribed to the ueroea of London ruptioa of the communication oa this aide of and the Boyne Water waa not pulled India, to lay a cable between Rangoon and Singapore U* i#-fVrred *o^neteatlonoftaeeeaetabbjotey to tnehonor ofaVialt from theetoeat ten of the Sovereign. TtoOramje- nxn of Toronto were, it appears, the trst to tereatea snv serious display of their irrational peculiarities; hat, « \ h e event will ebow bad tee good sense to ratraia on bJmVtofovmedhy the Duke of )§owca«tto of the reajto Sonsbovastated: Ktogaton U lMmtlesi tela aide orwatch over the public expend itarea, teat ail plana which were aubaaltted to them should be fairly triad and tested before any atop waa taken wbtcfa would oommtt tbecoai try to the pay meat ef tour ead a half per cent far fifty yean oa an expenditure of a million of money. It a, however, stated that no plana for the manufasture of tea cable, exoept those which emanated from one or twoties we are aware, but she is just nowtoeftuch oaeupied highways kading to market towns, placed there by no-with tee work or internal reform to be |pted Into any body knows who. PampUleto of almllar tendency »reforeign war. It is for Victor Emanuel to sue the same sJao forwarded through the post, and manifestoes stuck Toroato. tut la evideatly far more remote to clviliaatioa favored aources, received th* alaghtaat notice. AmongTHE UNITED BCSGARO-SROATIAN COMMITTEE ATVARASDISE.Prussia stud tha Uacstlon of German Unity.TheCologne GazHU publishes the following circular, addressed by the Prussian government to its representstuUona of* it co federate State, aocording to a system which, If rled to Its extreme consequences, would lend to the ishmeut of a supreme federal authority inter forlogwtl theinternalorganizationofeachState,wisdom and fairness be has exhibit*! under somewhat half as much again before It Is laid. Lord wodehoumeffect have been published —Ail acts w i be m the nameof Motor Emanuel, Ktng of Italy; tee seals of the Statewill bear the arms of Savoy, with tee motto—Vict>rEmanuel,KingofItaly:thepublicdebtof-teaStateisrecognized: the public banks will continue their pavnientsss before; the discount bank will carry on its businessconformably to existing law*; passports for the unitedStates of Italy are abolished, and those for the ItalianStates now subject* will be delivered and signed by teaDirector cf Police; all judicial functionaries who shall nothave returned to their post* within tea days will be con- firm conviction we adopt the principle that {the action ef parent. But we have faith in the growth of a public erto mid has bean the imperfect insulation of tee gutta sidered as having resigned them. The people of the mid- the federal Diet, as regards the internal orgalzation of sentiment more truly Protestant and Christian i * senti- perofaa covering. This substance la full of minute tmper dle classes are returning to the city, aad feel perfectly State*, add especially their constitutional Institutions, ment of cordial good Willtoward*good citizen* of every fecttonannd air bubble*, and ansae portions of tee abaa-secure. After tee entry of Garibaldi - rento ad vanoed 0 ought to be reduced to the most restricted measure of tt* creed, and of confident trust tn the ability of religion to doced cable which were picked up ta the Red Sea showrtto from examining more profoundly the extent lction which the fundamental laws of tha assign to this respect to t h e federal Diet We also tela from inquiring If, on certain previous oc-teetaxt feeling in the colony to reader tee duty of re- vernmeat would consider whether It waa still desirable fusingto>recogniseitaoternunpleasantthanplain. Itis tolayth*cabletoSingapore. WetrustteeywilldecidsWeabai of thepossible there may be people here at home foolish enough to think that tee Prince requires some admonition to be faithful aad zealous la th* oause for which the 'prentice boy* of Deny did such wonders. We have seen news papers ta whioh column after column waa devoted to the contingert perils of an Oxford education of the heir ap-that it may be employed much more beneficially tn tht Bed Sea or Mediterranean, aad, if there la aay chance of its working, teat tha country ahould have the benefit w it i carer homeConfoiessions, laws have not received too wide an inter- prctatoa. • But we do not hesitate to declare that fromThe great detect of all t i e submarine telegraphs httknational character may take place. 3 IT a national ma do so. The Austrian subjects in the a service have would be put to apprehensions which the Diet has parti- British throne would cot in any way lcentity himself ileal difbcuMies In the way of applying India rubber tosolved; they have also been assured the Held, they would be pensioned aa their wounds in tee service of Austria-it, if wounded tn they had receivedfused obedience to the wis Jom of h-r counsel. A Buffalodespatch of the 4th says:—"There is trouble at Kingston, tensive works of Messrs. Silver A Co., of SUvertea, N'orti between tee Prince's party and the Orangemen. Toel Woolwich, will eeavmce tee moat sceptical of the facilitySyria.Thefollowingpetition is stated to be on ills way to (torPETITION TO TR£ MOST HONORED AND IMPERII QlTKKN OF ESGLAND.Petition or all the Chiefs sad Common* of the Dr nation of Mount Lebanon to the afortsaid tmperml thonty.cegrees. while tbe most delicate Instrument eouio not de- tect the siigttost leakage ta tee case of wires covered withlecarubber,andteeinduction,or"retardedIOS" oftbe eitctr.c current waa ahowatobe,intbeciseef the latter eabstance, .tea by M -er cent than in tae ^ •'•*•allycarryingoutthegrandaadml typlan,andaided forewe,yourbumbleservants,approachyourthi1 footisundeniableteatitmustnowbeaddedtothelong Tbecont-stfor£300asidebetweenSrettle,ofBira-M by superlative wisdom to conceive nd boldness to exe- beseeching that the mercy of jour Imperial H list t,f complete failures in the attempt to folve the ques- bam, ani llace, ofNorwlch. took place yesterdaymxacute, you will be the wisest, the nets may protect us, aud praying to be re«a*$ed Ion of submarine telegraphy. There ts new not a eiaglefortunate of men—thai am* for w! oldest and the most with tea eye of compassion, that justice may be dime * piece of submarine telegraph which is not either whouy tog. A epecial train was chartered by the G rest Westr*}beforeGod,waitedpatientlyinfatfemItalia,kneoling tous. Weareemboldenedtopresentthispetitiontothe\jiieletsorthepreservationofwh.cnisnowasubj-ctof Railway,butinthehurryandcoafuaioncausedbyaj***for youhaveaddressedtome. 1alwaytptacodanntldeiHy*inta*^PWtEl,0TMrB»I» rmttlff. reproached me with the audacity olUmy enterprise oould our judgment may be aocording to just toe and impartialwesstai have of the with- have no conception oT the powerySt;tiOsin ibe unani- evidence. Now we bend and rail down before the tnrone be 8.000 miles from Suez along th* Red Se» to KurracbeeI l w b , t mens aad voluntary rising of citlnesi i. Thai Is the power or your Imperial Highness, test yo* may be compassion- has ceased to speak for months. Frtn the short lengthstee company to whom they beloeg hav* not beat a*>m to •tohjaaiw wweka Rnr* emhis way to the fcut and his «—w—u -au>a staiesmsa made* few oh^_"..^Ttr-. e «exii~ie~. form it la impossible for me to defile for whose service b^tofialseacciatattensorotir enemies,or punleb^be- pay more than half their former rate of diaidemt < t*pat theaomtof death bora in r i o r e n o a T ^ ^ r w i ^ t erieaoed MaliasTsu__mli^-.«?TTM*' *nd that the exoe- whkh enabled him tomalth has rapidly broken down stnee his lanaiog from thei the vnynge was a»ade. Cannot an Amnri-regeneration of Italy, wl saved uE^E?*10?* for th*pertal ally. e b o n o rmo f a pertal ally. The momentou-s s«mJ_s_a_»Mi^-f_a Z^T. bi«"I«m*•teey ware deattoed. afodeaeae of fpapal ssjoruits they must be. General Lamorioiare has taken up his positionbetween Ancona and Macerate, withja second corps sta tioaed a little to tee weat, ao a* to protect the railey offore we are tried ana found guilty. GodVbid that I m penal mocarchs should do anything that is un u°t Kat Miwhat w* are emboldenedito pm^to* L f f S h * throneof your, Imperial Highness. May God preeervepear* pretty certain that tn-re are suit more failures to ccmo. The government have ordered a oafV.a to be male, which wa* intended to be iskl fi«m England to labrakar.i Bad it to his profit to come and reside inSoraBOaf Thar* are several Eeglah doctors here, but stdered is as to tee most prudent course tobe _5«^?Jf"qasatioa now to beUntitled Documentthey gave to tea contrasts entered into by the govern towarda the house where the Prince was to meat and their rspreeentatlvea. There were partis* at dine, and towarda potato at which tbey thought ready In the field prepared to provide telegraphic comasbe might attempt a furtive landtag. The Mayor of the nicatkm with India on terms leas onerous than thorn town—himself a weaker brother of.thia terrible band- given ts the favored Red Sea Company Thar* wet,rous enough to set other wise. Whoever should dare to pull down thia proclamation would be guilty of a crime against his country. For the rest, keep quiet until theexpose, with frankness and without reticence, to each on board the steamer. When a fortress la revtctoa'-led Had la tee report Of ten committee • totter from Mr, special case, the motives of our conduct- Nevertheless, there la little chance of its surrender. The hungry Webb, whose opinion wat sought by tha govesnmect and the importance which wa attach to having our position Orangemen gave vent to their anger aad disappointment he state* that he w u decidedly of opinion teat the erwith regard to our German confederate* understood every- tn sbfmts aad songs, speeches and resolutions, and the perimtnta which had been made were inaufflcient to Jus-The German Confederation la an association according to International law, the essential object of which, in the eyes of the Prince Regents government', Is to protect thegone oa to Toroato, bnt the bead of their own con- eration there withdrew hla countenance from such un-Advicee from Maple* state that deorete to the following cal organ wn, and especially to the constitutional insti- Great credit la due to tee Duke of Newcastle for tha £310,(00, and to which will have to be adaedjprobably,tuylng circumstances. There is enough of ultra Pro stated, just before the ctoee of tee ass*ten, teat the gv aftrttaia on the onehandTand o?x£r* S , i i 2 _ S * ? the Tiber between Temai aud Jpoleto.,, A state of siege her! UtthensmeofGod.Ameu 1 - ' 1 ' For some reasnna, however, whica have never b * n clear- w'th Calway dates of thr 5*th ultima —Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 130691.V.V V, .V.J_.«,„..._ L AW wly explained, the cable is cot to be \%.\d to Gibraltar, at K« fi'v.T,,.' in ih» Vjhat s.r.1 sunk betW^'-Cwww.fultonhistory.comKAFI.F.5. 