 'does notconfidence. TheofmaythrfjwMictianof tiiis Government, are entitled topbobismleonwillnotletSwiterlandbecometheowner States,contrastingafter a inthe Clerk's seasoning yearofSee.e,IM^'if&iai&' «|lfagMftwflH#qi(»tt-«'i%gig_ing under the BngUah interfiireaoe In Italy, Botttdat. It may be senseless, or overwc.^:. '^imntflU^«f tbdi notieea.hitter, people's money now-a-days.-"— ~ tWAiaa Bon Saip. Braoing—Jauna gaged in discuBsiog the Platform; it com- a menace to France, and to began spice—to hear the result degreeinprovolyng ally beyond ofthe Channel-—;aclearandunmistaijibleissuegivenafreshalliance. TheSwissFederalCouncil thoseofEngland,betweenthesolvencyofthe—of some sort, and partly to the equallynw-voui rtME*. i«tt*ItaMB«Udb«,inotiBcHmatr whidlaagainin-ti$udrlMentie Bapfeaeatstives who has not gone to{Pirk-fov. BsnM ud HiMu itMati.uponi[pretensionsweight," that she acts always from thetistical stand-point," and has kept faith with Us children a better ednca^«0 AVtBKTISBSS. __^__on Thursday, to testify regarding the kind manner in which ibe accused, so far as their obseryatlon extended, treated his wife, whom he is charged with having murdered. The father andsisters of thenumber of circumstances whichism " from the hot-headedabsolutely-the tain that as apeople we areblind emaoceptatioDof theterm, meaaa,eJU*trw?ifi> JMiftiiJnninnt of the circulation of theTory benches,to the factA Bt tha pTCsaat mament to npU utation of hie country.RcssELL were, of course, interpreted abroad toofin ita obBCorityto >°i» iapantiTiB that advortjaementa intendet}related atranspired while the deceased was at their houseThe London Time* on Democratic De- cay.path, the London Times might share this of vision.(tmjSijSPj.iintiiprisonerQmum WM'haald tM aant in at the earlieatlaboring under great mental depression in consequence ofTheTbeNewKing." isAaaaeawata tkla BrealBV* AlUSBirr OF JHTSIC—JliTxsM—MABiai.illMtgt OUtDKH—IfAmm—Kairiai.CASBn—AftMnooB and KTenln^-BoTU BqoaatauaTaoan.THKATBE—Oauaaa Baw>.TTfBiTll Hin ai Law—Cinint of quiet.opinion webeiie«« legal lore Is the rasolt af experience in the tribunals of this State. 8odilatory have proceedings in moat of oar of record become, that a lawaDlt fiiei«iB plaintiff and defendant with a litifiawfHIATRK—Boani Hoea—Ras Qsoai Bov'a T«oa Uaou t'^IpinPi MUBCOlt—Noon—Jauni Daura. Attet-doubt the ability of the law to protect them,either hoard their money, or only in-of theprizefightand their mosteager wish,Fau.a'1 OenaT or Sutb. UBTIIO n—we shall not venture tofar aa they can be inferred from the mea^e first time, his profound Icnowledge ofof thespeculation and \of interestOHAPKI«—Haoioai SuraaTuaiiama* jjaffjl OBAmi-«ai. Toytama.the law of the or in which the laws land,•V OnVUOirSJlLLKKT—Exaamoao—England went on withConvention,tAIiOOV—flaaasa Caaian'a Xnnana.reports received by telegraph, indicate a pro-tracted and an angry debate, without much sion at its true value. Heisdelay compelled pay ItomilliiT *T~"" "-•-• '-•'eiuaai ment It is not at allent harmony may be reachedthe details of the commercialarrangements Anglo-French treatyfore it is reached, unless it remains so as longto have probably been forgotten by aU tlM par-tiesstreet,at lunch-time,andlaborersonthehighways,isofHkenan cycomesinandthrowsoffthetaxofa—r FAnmiros.hope of any substantial and cordial agree-quietlyrayahs or are not willing to work hard in order to ac-they may,each termiMflectnally are indicationa of the future,tktn ia little hope of a Platforoi, and less of a theycan secure this,theysecureeverything. suddenly finds itself recommended by England Papal States and that of Sardinia, between themajorityWard politicians and wire-pullers of the City understand that should Hsenan win the fight, it will give additional strength andftdnflprotection. Therewerethreeminorityre-porta, each diifering in regard to this resolution ;the Doai^ wing declining to abandon the Cin-Andifnewcausesarefasterthan old^•*""«"< doctrine ofandFaucigny,mainlyget deeperpopular sovereignty,aod the Davia faction demanding a prehend the force of such an admission, and'explicit declaration of the protectivetbm praaentation of the reports, Mr. Avxar, of it, theyIteMMce, appealing to them to yieldand an thetourists theretoEng-and Hr. pATVl^of OUo, eloquently appealing to the South;Mr. ^ctleb, of Massa-'nTTTTcetv in the 'Ua^ap^'-aiaaatadL' -'Th* HonaeB»Rlu< «i« Her AU^' speech at Berlin. At IfwearetotakeIiordJobnBusskllasear hand,wheretherallnfoiisaesamIt waa inexpetfntTfefana, oaike'Mher ftre!ipi|Br; It^U pieelM,!, tti»s eonfidenoe affll amaTt- thtlr inatitMttona, which the Times aayakMK %Ai'*aia^ttae of thethen reaelielt-'^Su? ?JP?*'"^St «*» AgtfcnltntaT Bureau. al^. With that petolant anxiety to define hisGUdtog offlnto a <nacnaaIoa of theA BtlPPtEMENT. "'ESKiffi.B'' apicnltural resourcea, he con- cial colleagues, which is one of the most un-the demonstration of Lord John BuasaLL haaordavgeraaa,bat of lueziateace thereof •wra^nm,poaaible lacitemeat to the devel-own penonai position independently of his offi- comfortable tastes a statesman can possess,cnMeaDfdt^atiDgUiiuelf opposedto slavery ei-of Germaning articles inorate examination ofandthe notion of anintowhichAustriaistobeadmittedasathirdpartner, on condition of disposing of Venetia ;'' thousand comforts to which he was a stranger informs England that "she has no military in the Old asd who finds his account atdealmoFBlmper- keep aad wtw fiaiint iBfi*.tenim. net Mr. one of the few I/AHnava,wonld succession to an elab- require even abler prophets than the late Lordrepels with angry contempt irresistible than all the historical lore in the Anglo-PrussianConfederacy, world, to convince the German or Irish peasant, who sees his home supplied with atoin the main the conduct of thelish Cabinet on the question of Savoy, took oc- The Maine Union State Convention yesterday casion, some weeks ago, to astonish tho(Wtttir)—TV*DoUAtek appointedMessrs.PB»aA8BASitBSandGkoroc HouseofCommons,andtobewilderfanBmum•yaw. theBepublicnnPart<,nam <aMd waiihiy)-«Rn oot- plished. Tne Boase then adjourned to Monday.iEng-C. Getcbill Delegates at Large to tlie Baltimore Europe, itaVlBiii DnuAaa. jLinr Convention, and George E. B. Jackson, Samuel by asserting his belief that France had entered" Worid,Ik TwaLva Dou.iu;ego- the savings bank swelUag every week, aad growing up withW ot-to imbliiked anth* PilM, la Tnr*en. *Larabee, G. W. Pickering, J. 8. Johnson, J. Mo-:' Ion a dangerous career, and that it was timeto think of making new alliances on the Continent.The progress of events Jias probably erethis revealed to Lord Palhebston's uamanage->*r aMT*. iiiuinanycoalitionswith RussellandPrussia."th«Nbltobna"Hiw- sionatCovington.eyes widely enough to see that "alliance- at stayedhome. It may be that ruin is im-wereI/ellan and Samuel Taylor, DistrictMessrs. GaoBOS D. Blakklt, Cbablcb Htifn-nobody; and,short, peremptorily declines »tion and fairer chances in life than he or anyLiT and H. W. D. Qallaobxs, were chosen Dele- gates to the Chicago Convention, by the Kentucky i Bepublican State Convention, which waa in ses-anceators ever enjoyed, that he and hison a to show that she was visit, tendingpointurgingAmunmeaBienta which fail to turns of illness to which she was continually sub- once against the aggressive policy of the Em-baCaraninea'clocli P. H.,loaeaU ject of the French. Alarmist bankers from The Stock market showed more activity yester- peror^Hiwfijie of elaiaification under the headito New-York so read them of this country is, that the people them, claim ;with increaseddisposition, however,Petersburgh;day,If ^dbkk laadaii an aecQ«tomed to refer. It ia, for the fall, on 30 to 60-day options. The Western and rumors of impending coalitions, of for-list was higher, and Central closed same as yes- " IkMfcMi vdt* important to th* adwrtiicra aa 79® 79 in moderate demand midable remonstrances against the violationterday, J. Exchange WteMHVB,tohavethathoarthelateatfortheforthisday'smail,London,109J;Paris,f6.15.oftheTreatyof1815,"andofanthe ends and objects of civilizedgovernment,precedence over and the man who "strikes fromlAw'a Delara.CoEi ia^re^oBsible for the opiaiaa ItatThe export demand for specie, t760,000from California tl>4S5,000. No change in money affaire.hardEverymanoughttoknowaUttleorbw,"The transactions in Flour and Wheat were more extensive, and prices were higher. Com was also moresoughtalter,andwasdearer. Oatswerein briskall will concur whoseat advanced rates. The movements in provisions were moderate. Groceries were inhardlywill— ofthetruth yonmay satisfy yourselfrequest,ofproprietybeen received with a kind of aoom. passionateand which Lord John has once and Chaileaton, defieodeil bis party from the attacka dulged to the immense annoyance of everyit.•TOBZ mOSdWlrlli rMlih«4 umr explained the necessity of protecting American JMcnnlac—PrlwTwoOBm,Mrf«a ttlSt 5°dnsti}, and Mr, BuBI^80Ir eulogized the aims ofqavebeenmadeGovernment withUr. VAHOKTia andtoldwhatithadaccom- defendingever been con-Delegates.forEnglandofMs Isittoowildadreamthatoneofthesedays neighborsarealloothevergeofdestructioa,andThe defence in the case of Jaoob S. Habocit able associate the fact, that he has earned thecalled a large number of witnesses yesterday and momentary applause of " pluck and patriot-hunting," in the interest of a perpetually sus- pending over us aU, but as jet it isquite cer- "undonSedlydo so.;uprightrevenue."Now the only way in which it can be ascer-good,to sell Stso did honesty, capabili-receiptsimmediate European general war, began to fly abroad on mighty wings. The Swiss Gov- ernment, then pressing with the double force of the love of country and the love of land, of devotion to Swiss rights and desire of Sar- dinian acres, so read these words;for the cession to the Cantons of the Chablais and^aucigny; and became more clamoronsthan before for protection to its own priceless neutrality at every Court in Europe. French Journalists so read the same words; waxed, theyisflie-manfortheIf you doubt it—which, if yon do not gothrough the world with your eyes shut, youtook fresh demand,at full qaotations. HayandHopswere couragefromthem,inits«!emanduponFrancehave not confidence in itsoorpropositionbysteppingplacesaleable and firii% Metals, Naval Stores and Oils" From one to twoexhibited noimportant changes. Freightswerekely to endurethm abortaaCThe Charleston Conrention.The Democratic baric is fairly launched upon fhe troubled waters. The Convention is en-—to get news of it by the Vanderbilt. All class-aAar been pot on the caleodar, even Ifal occurs, delaymenced this task yesterday, but when it will their leading articles with rasping sneers atoccurs,finish it,temper and scope of the opening speeches, soappar- but we see for the differ- OmBBATIONAL AST INSTITCTI027—Ezmmzea ences between the two sections are radicalthe Sicilians to revolt as she had done in brooght in1820and1848,theEmperorcalmlyinter-or DKSiail—XzBiatnaa or PjjRnaaa.of 1860;City officials, our merchants onhrokera in Wall-" exceot the lawyers who e^ect fiek-•U* t9 ftane a Flatfonn aooad enough to sustainA justpositionto be•WiMlaafe BUB between the Douglaa extreme on the oiw hand, and the Alabama fire-eaters on theverywas Nafolbon'ssubject alone,excuse for the extortion. It ia mnah to be"removed thetime prohibit the practioe it was deaigaed topalpable and still more important fact cover.The difficulty ties inaand if tne moltitndinoas attempts thus far—of the real and administer justice faithfoliy accountspartf.findingto—demands a distinct on the of declaration, partthe entire Democratic Patty, that slaves areout theand incapaple of compromise.The South and North are at least1812,will not secure them the return either of the principalortheinterest Thissamewantof— Benicia Boy.two. Thenoticeoftrial required ibrasrecognized property bythe Federal Consti-—knowthat ifslightest goodthe commercial resources of Austria and excitable people, always cravyig a sensationtution. Thethem who have made np their minds to forceregretted that theaf the Committee on If slaves are property, they are to be treated to the acceptare to be asthe rights of their masters are com- areaohitionauggeatedbyiix.Batabd, plete,andmustbeguaranteedatalltimesandof and financial strength of France and the financia that Muscle is King. All the prominent France;Tliereported the usual common-places on as property theypropositionsprotected prop- every Swiss envoy on the Continent has been weakness of Spain. Real estate has neatlyunlikely ;caughtPro-Slavery leaders,ofand of the realto Lord John Russell's bidsfor fhe vast difference between:—dMfjiVt'i* i^t of Congreaa or of a Territorial everywhere. If they are property by Federal which Switzerland, but for theon the calendar, yearand with regard to the territorial ertyplacedjust.:unceremoniously confronted by an English col-doubled in value in Genoa since 1848but it,to the right of inI^gUMBie impair property slaves, law, ^under the Federal Constitution, that Robert Peel, and the irritableof Sir smallest movement in Naples. Nobody is importance to Muscle, and Muscle is the thing greater amount of business is done ia theiaa9 <>c1irina that tiie rights of persons and of property, whether upon the high seas, or witliinvanityof Lord prouder of boasting of the tremendous indus-Muscle hasthat fuDdamental law has effect.much property in Kansas, in New-York and upon the high seas when under the American flag, as in South Carolina or Mississippi.The Northern delegates seem dimly to coin-fleece-bearing An excited discussion followed the refuse to stake their political existence upon French shore of the Lake ofap-—and Geneva, keeppuritybethe If a man wishes to be elected to Congress, Code,dare meet so not it,systemand the manner in which thepredict'Thetheir mostThe Emperor the French proved, not for thepeopleit isjustgreat topiceclipsing even the worst feature of aggravation in (hothat anthe thatof ourcontagion, and their talk, too, likereturn to their settled, than that the material prosperity and .not to aaarince the party for an abstraction. Hr. chusetts, suggests that it wonld be mis- repose beside the solemn depths of the Bay of intellectual progress of a people are in thedirect BmnB, of Hasaachoaetts, implored the Conven- understood." Not in the least. On the Uri, the volunteers may go hack to their chal- ratio of their sense of security, both as to per-tioBBesolations,the fact that it could not be either fatal to the party in the Northern States. Mr.sons and as toing the United States from the application ofdistinguishedpartMCoarta, Summei;raiieraia aimply the Cincinnatiterunderhisif the reasonsconsideration,and exceptin the hottestof the of the term inpredicting th* deatruction of the party ac the contrary,theirwatch-factories:and Switzer-property.and leaves thea With snch aa amountofttaialJity.aabmitteda substitute lor the aispucedaadllr. YracxT defending it.thrown uponbyRussell. It peoplestabilityinstitutions,honesty, decencyandaiore ultra than the resolution of the majority.Th* Africa, with news to the 16th iust., by'tel-egraph via Qaeenstowp, arrived here from Liver-flippantlyconceded thatslaves,areproperty, all,there isnothingto be done about it. .A.nd so no country in whicli the desire of accumula-of Saykrs, should he succeed in thrashing health, there is no interregnum in his office.to be on the fixed. A fooght day originally changeaf tke French was tunted at in Paris. MinistryK. aa PssstSNT, it was.said, was to take the For-a prize- His social condition is marked, dis- tinct and defined. He never aspires beyondof theconsiderate corrections" with which the Preaa iadbtafl- Tlie United States steamer {I'StpV Kong, and the Powhatan at Japan.of theadroitly using the English thisif another were "distrust" is a creature of thethat philo-throughcontribnte to our"^ Chicago Convention.to the Yact has been noted by persons around Us ownand the Uoute of Savay bids /air M ie as tpeedUg ex-one unbroken stream for half and, "A new substitutethemLord Johnof th«^irabn Office, ieaving his vacantICna TBOCTxau. A circular is reported to be its provisions. It recognizes them,examplehaatyandis-ment, in regard to the pretensions of Switzerland. " It proposes to prove that the neutrality of Faucig- labor" and that onlyuse for liimto dodge it.ghostsofthe Confederatesmay:never sanction theuponit,ana the Chablais, since the abandonment of lations certain States." That is the defini- Austriathe annexation of to Savoyof others were notas it un-ofn Sia:Inanarticlebeaded"OurItalianofS'e mUitary roads traversing those districts, no tion of " slaves "in the Constitution— accepts France becauseitwas madeby .VicroBingdoubtedlyis, byaccompanied, confidence in thethrashed man in theIofConntisg the whole expottatlaBS from Prasata to theaad The/,PosHO among the number, have pub- mon sense.generallyprovlncea Braodmbnig SOaalB.to 'B^alWa. The state of the kingdom of the fhe North, with very little distinction of party, TMtfflfeiBaai* menacing in the extreme. WhileSwitzerland, however, wanting something the lessons taught by the history of all nationstlO,000,000, tbongh tbe goods are sblppad from Haaa-recognizeproperty, directlygamecross-purposesrashly,capi-A prize-fighter in Great Britain issubjectlish it as a curiouspob-givenand it isthat the people of the whole country will take."to Bare been snppreaaed, the whole nation is in test. If the Northern Delegates at Charleston grumbling sorely to herself; and Lord John of human nature;and the utmostKing here,—Thewas efficacy of the Pope's Bull of Excommunica-tion, and censures, gravely and sharply, the Prussia arepopulation,is thehiiiTj tftfiij ui(aiimlri| and important details of sent ccntur^, who has incurred this heavykill,only nawa. Amoai th* iiaaetiagnra by the Northern censure ; and "htethe present issue, em- -IdglUiaComnudDr*"TlXiiALL,whoishaatening thetideofhismaa- mon, murdering, Icilllng, bloodthirsty scoun- ufactnres contributed, hi 1856, tho sum of $I,»fflt-SamStfOlf^^^KBfKijiDgmurder, Muscle ia notTo theaeSIS—which anm, like the larger "?12,013,910, contributed to the tradein the same the Kingdom of Sax- America year byto'infermation necaaaaiy to an intelligentof mankind areRohan Catholic Faith in the Biill.idea. breaks statute or aa ordi-HartfordLifht, bringing pas- Times and other journals which have madedespotic partyKreuz-Zeitung inapother proof,wanting,Aaaieamahip NortherntMlgHa. and tnesare h^m California, and mailsfiniBtke Facifie generallv, arrived here yesterday lightfromJkmtanil,haviagleftthatportonthe19th excommunieationisquite.asgreatnowasit afreshwithAustria. biat. fio iwyoili Uat amounts to $1,455,337. was in the Middle Ages. The first NapoleonOar OlIianKlWteta, which will be found in the.Wamodb, delegatesonrt^'iln'^'l''' *'"" "/ the Wat, from Havana tmgttuhtd timttr the cwte of the Church at were the policyrw"' "^"^^SS^a ^f Zt;,r,"**Court,tinue to pour in^r2t2^ ^-nlv supposesepof Stetti. aad Kaid|ri»«a>di.• lid^SSr^^ to the .genital on the nth, wherewas not the feature. If leading theyon Foreign Oaaameieial BelatioBa : " Our direct trade vrithPraaaiais veiTincondld«>-with great «lemonatration; ofTlM Senate waa not in aessioninsecurity,the tide ofbe admitted to a mentoftbecountry, bntasyet aymptoms of ita dawning.attached to the pro- $2M,MM^ or diootane-twelfth'of our direct«|in short all the family since the King was excommunicated cipal jealousies and passions—^mtTus Df-»»"«TMni°8-She bringsTydar* in their d»y n/terihe excaamamication nil."of Henry;and Austria rep-leaves the lawyers to settle the affair —'^^TT^N«*-OrieaDs atate. thatthe face of thewere dueearth, Mosele is King. It regu-*r FroBi Mixieo we learn that Mih.««„ „^Primaries,—and they elect our rulers when brains, respectability, moral worth, maydescribed in the Bepoit of tiia State•<>«"ht"^ pieaTM,^''*''^ returned1848,political propertyof lie thunders. TheSecretary's language to persuade the lib- eral Prussians that England is coquetting Prussian liberalism has a strong tendency towards a cordial alli- duriag pre- ance with England, and to counteract that ten-Ifif the fact were otherwise, received to the Bnll. Both the Popethey and theand still retard theJournal and social progress of the German people. Of desired turbulence-'S^§tl"me^e^^e^-^£ from terroia which manyImonarch until now,manslaughter orlocked up like a com- Washington.onr Qorenunent withof the army. Gen. " Since VicToa EaAiniaL Incurred excommanlea- years. Nothingthat the majorityWaahingtOD, to (joatthat eventforlunatics,iustory prosperitysetfrom "but Muscle iscontinues to visit his favorite haunts»<TM ofBremen wltfcSo, saysthe Journal_ could morefor whether it be true or not the which,will find that it iB far lew ea«y to pUy upon thecourse, therefore, thepartnership —demanded in Praasia, nor is there anyI«18»«, a^rfrignorance and sacerdotal cr*ft.Convention,spiritual powerhuman race will increase in such a ratio, and Muscle ismatically to the credit of those cosntriea, and"such concessions involve all the for France, and when to insistas they are, unless accompanied by a certaintypeopleposition. slaves asof the North will knows either what to Europe exactlyenjoyed.savings of past labor are more readily, andhave received the following commnnioa-The Constitution desire, what to dread, or in whom to^ostinconraeofpreparationbytheFrenchCovero- exclusively,as"peksonsheldtoserviceor ofSt.Helenaisstandingquietlybytoprofitby contradictallourexperienceofhumannaturetion from a foreign merchant in this on City therecords how dency, quicklyliving hopeof constitntion- hispropertyto be ordinarily safe fromthatman in unity^jrtmentin the Govern- able. There ia seaiealy any artlels of AmeiicaBoffriendlyeoodag JapaaaaeJraaaoB, late in commands tiw Utah army, Capt. tlcm by the spoliation of Church property InTATvom, of the Marine Corps, and Messrs. Ban- the hand of death has been heaiiy upon hia/amity. This towards England than a serious belief that the curing general credence. When families con-listens to theagainst him,he thinks that things begin to look Hanse Town. In thefa^wtment:ony, went to sweUthe SKP-'P"*Sarainia,goodpolicy of England is likely to coalesce with the"f"'lt?htfe'!?!!lparly at BerlintteHpusft Mr. Crans offered <l\^^S^- ]? superetltious fears of maaknd now than are disseminating in every conceivable'form tan and Mesopotamia, instead of lilinois andweseefew production'bulky article of Fmariaa prodqce wantedve.t«M=- rlerttartheBecrelanrof Wartoaubmit toX„1l' it waa five htmdredyean ago.If raihroads stories of the newdespoticAnglo-Austrian alliance,Michigan.lathe American marketa." Prom 1840 to 185S thia^5j««Dnut^pto.„Kl^heduIe. of '?he' fl^ I and have not telegraphsPaett CoNiasts—The Chaelkston Coxve-v-had. their sil1|(ll'ln "importanceaa withBaTtBidaandTuacany.^n-^*11('nominated, &' Consistency, in the'CoaventionjrKSWS OF THE DAY.Tbe Dtmocratic CoDTention at Chaileaton is un- face to face in this Convention. The South fered, with a paragraph "by authority," con. confidence in the fiiture ia the s{a-little chance foranything more,he robbed of theirnation as to charge England with exciting or that if they invest those earnings, the law—^those ofappreciationignore.legal tinkers." who bava——property is entitled to protection wherever John Rcssell, and theravingswUch is needed into everything relating poli-Courtsofthe thanin thoeeCity of the eooa-try, is no excuse for the delay. Suits can bo as speedily disposed of when firat brought aaThey are asTimes itself; and when wouldneverhaveventuredtoassume. Napo- inertness,authority. Great Britain is in the market fbr anis it/ttat itakf havet*kaft>*.whichhehasnected, the English Foreign Secretary, afterand moreEngland's position Macaulat, arguments physleaUyat a coasiderable cost to the influence and the repu-—mean thatwas on theets andcomfortably through a startling " crisis."is the advice ofTtie words of Lord JohnEnglandthe Continental Powers to array themselves atnot imnaturally, wroth at what looked very likewillvest it sparingly, and in such a way that it can bees ofpeopleseem to share thisrestless anxietyare partial and oppressive, or in which the machi- and Englishmen, by taking Lord John's explo- nery for carrying them into effect is verycase. Insultisaddedtoperfectingcarryrisiannewspaperswent so far in theirindig-at anyyioment,earnings,ings" from it when the law in ita tender iof me Chablaiswith Mont Blanc—thousands, who will be omnipotent in aQdisposed of, appUedcsertainly high timetoandwhentwoorthreeofthePa- quireit,butbecausetheyfeelthat—tradicting the imputation. bility of the Government, in its honesty,Championshort time has sufficed to show how ia its ability or desire to let theEngland,weight today forat the aameleague pooh-poohing the extreme position has not, we venture to say, experienced theof the Britishaad Parliament Press,it with the indolence and caution of continentalgeneral sulkyGallo- trial activity of Great Britain than the Londonarrayed proper qualification,north open any other platform. Mr. Cochkanx, misunderstood or misrepresented makes it land may be thankful that she has passed so We have yet to find any reason for exempt- the chances are that the aspiring individ- measure, if not entirely, at the option of tbeof Courts,itisdifficultto Ttntedea. The debate on the platform occupied I Somebody else desires to turn it over to the exactly harmonize with the high hopes which properly applied here, there is no countf^ of Assembly will be manufactured to order, understand why there should be a monthlyraaotva jn which he equally conceded the doctrine Cochrane knows that it must be evaded.ual will be Majors, Aldermen,nominated and elected. Judge presiding. GovernorsandMembers businessasfloods!dulymay beIh* «ftnnoaii and eveniog, Messrs. Kisa and Judiciary. Nobody from the North, who rep- had blazed up like a pile of straw at the spark in the world in which the confidence of the vacation in this branch of the«( tkaMenl obligatiun to protect Slavery in the Pam taking poaiiions against the majority report,ThisEngland.It does notthisrule.And, assuredly,ouriresents the North, dare make the admission a Wsa pmaented bj Ur. Bayabd, which was even plank in the platform.and upon the lowest possible terms;andSo far aa theThe AUgemeine ZeUuag, the most Austrian system »f government have already goaeibeaoqoeatiaa.journals, devotee Hiree lead- (bey have done little to afaake it aad iti,in the qHa at; "the English people may actually open their thattheywouldhave been far safer had theypicious and jealous policy, is nothighest achievement of which statesmanshipin this NineteenthisCentury capable?ballet in England were not just now as lions tkm. A ooBsiateat party maa tinnmtmM Trillto-day tfae^Mlaidiplea be eepouaed yeataid^, iftofidBbie Times in commuting oa Maoaulav's recent Muscle is King. Cotton ia not Nigger la pohits of faith, aad keeping a very ahaiy ejm letter on Democracy against the institutioaa not. Musele is. Brains used to have some ya the temporal goods aad chattels wUeh (haprincipalchargebroughtbytheLondonso did worthselves utterly distrust their ability to answer ty and education, bnt that waa a long timeorganizationof thesecurity property, protectionthe vidualliberty,andthepureandtained vrithout a revolution, whether the peo- ple who live under any Government have ortoistrationofthepublicability themandtheirpossessions,isbyascertaining the extent to which they invest capital in com- mercial and industrial enterprises. The rule is as eld as the world, that where the peopleandNorthern men, hitherto, have hastily and themselves thus left in the vocative. But after society, is more deep and absolnte. There is How different relatively, will be the position ran mad with politics, travels fpr his poUtiealin theis not agreeable for Swiss Envoys to find in their ability to protect all the interests of discount.pod yesterday morning. The English advices are under and by virtue of the Constitution of the the question of Switzerland has settled itself, tion finds such free course as here ; none in Heenan. He will only receive some few hard Its duties are discharged by a sobstitote.withont moment. Parliament was still spending United States. Mr. Cobwin has admitted it. like the question of Savoy, "simply bscause which the love of gain is more intense. It isa few a thousand huadred.orThe judicial tribimals would certainly seem toknocks,assembled at Manchester, and was ad- Mr. Douglas has conceded it. But it will not Nafoleon III. knows precisely what he wants simply impossible that these things should be become the owner in feef of the nowpounds ;ita Eaatar recess. On the 12th a groat ReformmeetiKdreaaed by several distinguished speakers,^ the answermoat noted being Mr. Joas Briqht. Bumors'that cohsequericea drawn from them by the South- while no other Prince or Power in that profits once acquired could be held and the great prize fight had taken place were circu-latM; bat it was generally believed that it was—em ultraists. Thedisputed belt, and be content to retire forever from therequire equally contaiuousOar Prussian Trtfde.•addat London to or by implication, in any clause or phrase of the allies of Vienna began at Verona is playing talists enter more eagerly into all kinds ofcoalition."From Germany the same rash words havegropinglaughs Muscleat theis a law untoof the itself, andtiona between the two countriea ; and, of course,to the direct trade of Prussia with the United States. Tho valnesof Austria. Prussia is the natural a centuryinto acountry,make their homes. What We do not at all understand to what the Jour- bad faith of princes, Jesuitism in Church and that they do not feel themselves safe—nal leien. ^o deaths have occurred in his State, the studied inflammation of all muni- they seek in emigrating is happiness, and no«"««'"'7" J^"" direct intercourwhuman being ever conceived an idea of iiappi-0/ 11,009,000 to OUT knowledfe, nor wonld it he clear, even influences wliich broke down the hopes of Ger- uess in which security for himself and his and make our laws. Poaaibly a time may comethe portsities between London and Vienna.-Ihese are 0>e retnrDa of Iiord Jos^'g Uttl9Untitled Documentanother, anything w-hich strikes sharply aad at once upon the atteatiw af uThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069put which weinvested in which ;of our trade with Fruasia and we ;and itself out beautiflilly, and the heir of the exile speculations and enterprises; and it wouldfighter."solelyby the laws and regu- every new complication to which it gives rise.heknowsthatitisofnoHe would no more dare to set theconstantlyfavoredbywell-disposedbotimpetnona readers and correspondents :hethat all the feara expressed in regard to the an- that is the only recognition which it makes of Emakdel to Napoleon, and one sovereign has the law to guarantee against fraud or knows that out of his own immediate you state that the importaiiona tram Fraaalsloii(er serves as a salegnard to gwitzerland, and;easilyland,1about $240,000 a year. Yon are probably aot aananaion are idle. The troops simplytheir status legalthata think the perfect right,away his people to another.toThe same annex-recently aoaaanad ior drill by the Swiss'Govemment, have beendismisaed. TheMinistryofthenewItalian;uponpositionHapsburgs,givehe has noinfluencek~ingfloitt, it is said, will consist of eight members their stand, whenever the question shall be ation is accepted by England, because the peo- ;witliin fifty years would, if it were him, or look to him for a continuance of their from Alx-la-ChapaUa and aalgUmraood. and aDks aadIto be drawn &om Piedmont, two from the removed from the area of party controversy ple have been called upon to accomplish it.cottons from Elbaifeld, ««. ; aad that tbe larfar partand one each fromthe eiUes inposition.tbe of what is the PrusslaBcalledcIoOi eoSMa bomTuscany, Iiombaniy. NeapolitanSaxonyachieved in the teeth of a general and taken to the tribunal of- reason and com- And all the Powers agree that Switzerland can distrust on the part of the people in the insti-Members of Parliament and Queen's Ministers do not seek him for counsel and advice. His voice is not" Potential, as double as tbe Duke's."Nor is he, on the eve of an election, the most barg, Bremen, Antwerp, and Havre, Prussia haviagmore positive than avigil- are at once wise and firm, they may have the Russell has secured in the Federal Council ofthe RFOita at Messina and Palermo are believed will take of the subject in the impending con-important personage in controlling itOttlj a small sea-shore, and no direct commonleatlaa and witli the United States.the meat intense agitationance aad the exertion of military force at allpotnts, barely auffice to preserve order. Thefiovernment bad taken up six additional merchant- on this basis themselves. If not, they will of English influence and one malcontent theAN IHPORTSR OF WOOLENS. Our correspondent has, in the first place, com- pletely misunderstood the diift of the article npoa which he comments. We alluded to our commeics eye, and you threaten Muscle with the law, with Prucsia only in connection with the baaia Muscle snaps his fingers in your face and which that commerce offen for diplomatic lela-the more as to the value men, and converted them into war vessels. From have the satisfaction of seeing the Republicans more with the policy of -'perfidious Altion."credit and theSpabi we learn that the trial of Gen. Obtkoa wss do it for them.^oceemng, and that his son had sought of theQaaea a pardon for his father. Count Szxchkn Yi,a pfoofaaent member of the Hungarian Govem-iMBtoflM8,haacommittedsuicide. Thenews Freeman'sJournalhastheutmostfaithinthe Mai Indie and China is no later, but in greaterHelvetia oneprofitofsettlingthequestionskeptic ;kicks them for falling citizen's nose, orMuscle bites off one out another citizen'smake no objections in the premises, now that tutions —of the country, be so great anfftali ainaiml of the annexation of Naples Moreover, it is fhe view which the people of her " neutrality" is so handsomely provided for. anomaly something so entirely opposed toUnited Statea, they will eertalnlr not &11 short afHere is one result of Lord John Russell's"after aevoked echoes not more satisfactory. Thein a ratio never before maintained in the history of nny other country in the world, furnishesif this readiness to intrust money to the keep-Nsw-Yoaa, Tuaaday, April M, isae. the gator ef aU Hem-York Timum:abilitymalfeasance, or violence. The enormous material progress of the United Statesbecauseell as to all our neutrality," goes off and all ages, as w— experiencethat we should befairly jus- tified in asl-Jng the Times, and in commanding Sir Akchibali> Alison to admit it to be the of Providence on our behalf—a miraculous proof that we re-publicans are " a chosen people." The increase of the AmericanBut not so with us. Muscle isif Muscle knocks peaceable citizena down andresult of a;special interpositionif the testThere is no country in which the ringkeepeipublicWe" sophic imagination. Tne proposition that the his antagonist la acommerce withBelgium and theat the rate ofa million a year, in a part of the assault with attempt towhich is thealgovernmentinPrussia,thereactionaryparty violence, is tantamount to adeclaration drelhim after have been with all their laboring.-admitted to bail ;—walkschill thewill of liberal Prussia Times will experience great diflSculty in pro-'might thoroughly;;—stillpour innearlyemigrantsworld in which nobody feels his life orslightviolation of thein it bring up their children in it, it is all but 'leader of German liberalismresents to every intelligent Prussian liberal the an insult to our common sense to inform us themselves. Evidently in this free, enlight-andemigration would have set in towards Kurdis-protectof resort which public;go. Muscle has takenof indi-admin- theshoulder,"andiaaeverything,"aad"perhaps,"sa>a A'Bccxar,"theleaninto the firstto being. Whether it be a comi-room or a bar. room, a silk-store or a grog-shop, If there be any number of men together, their talk will beinconvenienceand has always occurred, in all countries in or to the same extent, bnt with the great mass by the law itself, thna to wait for llwreadily realized. This is exaetly what whichthe will of the executive can overridenot all in the samedetective. The Hindoos and the Turkishnow are poor, not because they do not love money,it,truly,notones arethai a remedy be inand ascribes itbrooglit it isbefore weThe principal cause ofthe evil we believe toit ascribesto any secret virtue inherent in theBritish race, but to the confidence of theBut he will " neutralize " the lish people in tne strength of their own laws, primary elections, who will dictate every nom- difficulty.of their own courts.they hope no war-boats on those pleasant waters. So the there is no rule in political economy betterpertaining.and who will be able to tract for any amount of political work.and theIn short,inating committee,con"of terms"established;theto wait Even the boys in our schools haveandthevietiBthat the case is on the calendar be-tics.itself and when theapprentices ^the Britishin thework-shopand Sayess,—culture, but it is a fact nevertheless, and onewhich it will not do theIt is due partly to the fact that we are a very—orterm wasHeenan. Mr.Heenanwillthentakethemat-shall be terms of the varioaa monthlyand settle down as theinto conrt when it pleases him motions of counsel for andaresufficiently weighty,lengthgreatyouhappenpass-'intelligence,of a house, patronized by the fast nobility andthe nobs of the — English sporting world.it, becauseto do so.laws at defiance than the weakest and mostabsurditythe meshes of anance with as mnch ease as he would "therefore, we confined ourselves which Prussian industry may"the ogles or crack the ivories ofFrane^ d^iio-vioea ofprofoondlyPossibly, if Mr. BEiaHr and the to party, inqiUcit obedience to party dieia-the party Pope in theao directs.designed to protectthe better"—in which latterof being oompeOe^ now the of settlement of a claim, is not however.against every conquering hero comes home, his reception will not be that of a successful Prize Fighter, but that of a man whose idictum will hereafter be law toand throw, politicalInjury,"Cliarlestoning completely into the shade allthemes, and everything else which can afford privilege of waiting, a term fee" or tax Mrour'Change, our clerksandtheThis is not very creditable to oiu: taste or mightbytheJudgea he has only to make the fact known to Mr. regulate them. The law requires that thereofthe law'sto forpoUtical chnrdi,—is the which a case can be reachedin order that pretext charging term themodestyef eventhe lawrequiringprobably adopted be some for<InotThere seems to be no valid reason a whycause should not be tried within a month afterjustpretext, didit is wait aaa wdl as to or more. The taet that a mnAOovemmeet, will be at a any more thiui there should in the office of &e State or City Executive. When the Mayor,whatever.Judges do not sit on their bench in awe of mbre than twenty tUnas that amount, ta woolaas,circlethat the Prttsstaa <A the Rhlaa provlncaaloaaif gougeswhenpolite bow to the Court, walks quietly out, aad goods, which entered,ofcour.e,amongened Republic, the only model Government on with pru.«..lates thetrade averaged afaont $100,000 par year. by to' In fact if there be anything for which thespiritual things, they have deBvendtha woild to ViCTOSLA, and all sorts of diplomatic civil- American nation is more remarkable than for TioH.—The Washington Constitution notices aa we yesterday sUtad, it had riaaachangedtike liBtaie ofpretendingvisit to be made Fbancis Josephthe immensela(eUi|eiit ceedings of the Charlestonqaeet "such as Hanse-Towna,are carriedmill.by aecident, indicted for seme of Prussia. Bremen, for inatance, haa relattonanot law,snchasmayhem, withtheUnitedSuteaaoextanuvaaatowanaotthan $7,000,000 thencheckered," takes up his hat and, with a $1,726,249, and BngUnd »»'"^'*f "/.^S^into theothercountries,her in sending a Miniater Resident ofher owa ta^^^^TMP«tin death «lothyearsrelations,Prussiansent to us byactivity.bn^ •""•/'"^^'"ridSactadrij.^ "**»^of our commercialThe of tho P^ted Btatear; ~wilanot to exisl, malniriedand www.fultonhistory.comHiaMi iBHIHiM 