 'la. ** I ^Mr. Tutterm wo noticed Mrbroke up M a late hour,talon lUtuoemtlom Meeting t n the Klnjmtm Coianjraaalomjtl District.A large and interesting meeting of all pertont oppoaod to aectionaliam and la favorof the election or Mr. laaajC Detaplaine aa RepraaenUtive ia Congreai rrom the Eighth CongreMional diatrict, wan •ant last evening at UM head - quarters, coraer of Broadway and Thirty second street,tancity, George general Ward andTnemeallag was onUod toMr. Woum, on taking th* onair, t n k L -THE N E W YORK HERALDWHOLE NO. 8823,SUNDAY MORNING,NOVEMBER 4 , 1860.thatktheydoacWhen these barroom eUqaasPRICE TWO CENTS.NEWS FROM EUROPE,'^•'*^^'^^»s^^^^»^^^^sw^,MCITYPOLITICS.totstee oceasonwithmttb^/n andof tee eveeins pot anor,that ahot oaa thiag la oarhlm.weareunabtotosay, that whiat Lynch ami a a eating, Mat. Mr—aaa all tee political winsTHE SEQaTRATIOl OF V01XBS.T«e Preaidenu and Secretariea of the meetlag - TJCJ rnjeujurra.The democracy of the Twelfth Assembly district are Let oa never forget UM Immortal Jackson, who, at UM ration, aad we trust teat UM Meads of order, and UM slso engaged in an interesting fight. There seems to be a bead of oar Southern and Waiter* brethren ao nobly fearlew adminatratlon of our laws, will remember these dttermlnathn on tee part of UM leading man of the dtal e e. 207 * • • • • • • . e e e e e e e a f . 748t B Hart,i. L. BeMwin,P. W. Logs,Captain James Monroe, E. Russell,>ohn Kennedy, Ka.ren Perkins, Janata Webb,B. B . Bog »rdue, Patrick Lvn )h, John D McGregor, lehertC. Barclay, Adam lUfcara,Was. McCcnksy, Nelaoa J. Watmbury, L.eaDf.Dr. FUlinger,Jaaaaa 3. libbey, William D. Kennedy, A. M. C feniu,4070 11 12. 072. 488.004. 022 . . . . . . . . . . 720480 He and the Emperor of Austria will take up their rest 304The resolat*.ool Were then read at follows, and adopted aaud kma accAmatiooa —Resolved, That we, constitutional abidingloving eleaton o f the Seventh Congressional oemprising the Ninth, SlxMeath and TwentiethKings County Politics.IN » H B COCKTY—THB CONSBIBSIOHALwithoat regard to former political divisions, nave isasmtiHit together la mass meeting to. night, -a raaew our vows of devotion aad attachment to that oom aoa country which w e are prond to slaim a s oar own, by birth and adoption, to reassert car fealty sad iove for the great republic of which we are citizens, sad, la the language of President Jackson, to determinemoat ultra and dangerous of the abolition republican party—a man who has endorsed a book generally con demned as the moat revolutionary and treasonable that has ever disgraced American literature.General TALIJUDGB was then called to the ptatform by the cheers of the audience, and made a short sddresi, commenting upon t h e strangenew or t h e spectacle preTuesday next.wild with enthusiasm, and the vote that will b e polled will be larger than on any former occasion. With all the boastings of desertions by the republicans, and their at tempts to divert attention from the real iwue, tee vote for the Unipn electoral ticket will he Inner than most people suppose. A careful canvass of tee city gives a least eleven thousand fusion majority. Tbe Hep .b'lcan SUM Central Committee concede six thousand democratic majority.a n d Union district—rROBl'RCTSarda of the city aad county of New York— man to secure his election, aad thereby defeat one of theAMD ASSEMBLY CANVASS, BTC.Our neighbors aa the other side of tee East river are thoroughly aroused to meet the Issue at tee ballot box onResolved. That we recognise in Hon. Elijah Ward theunitednomineeoftheTalonmenofthi»districtforCm- tbeHelperdocument,andbythesentimentsofsuchmenthedutytheyhavetoperform.8Ute of turmoil and excitement, all of1 which will assist m rolling up an antl republican majorityin the county TherearethreecandidatesforSherniinteefield,namely,terday evening, at about five o'clock, an alarm of fin from tbe Third district w a s Bounded, and a ituid glare which extended almost over the whole city proclaimed teat teebuilding oT tee paper factory of Hamilton &Donaldson, corner of Carroll and Nevlns streets, which ww com pletely destroyed to s very short time The evening WM very inclement; tea rain foil to torrent* and tbe wind blew a perfect gale. The rain, however, WMquite insufficient to check the progreM of the fire, which WM fanned by tbe furious blow that prevailed Great diffi- culties were experienced by tee firemen in getting to tee spot through the storm and ia working the engines whilereprwwtativenot born very bright y.aor did the orators'eloquence•painto vary brilliantly. A republican wbo tried tof«t op a •iveraton in fever of Otd Abe WMdrfveo aaa their MO ibo storm without BIBB14MSUIB or pity, ant at doing an one tune If seemed a s if t h e democrats were aboutto fan feul of aacb other, by way of keepingnot endone their selections, and teat they are spmmlBg their money to get into office In throughout UM city, are vain, tees, andnotuntilteen,canwaexpectteattheywillT i t oI m a t e a s e Ities'aatea o f v < •Sty sat Vc-Unn Karlr heads tn_^JI>oaro | U , however, to state Urn at a^.'bJSctTLbat did aotvmmtm.psrttosjJiAyollTaSttaet emea and Fallowtrie whteh indocw me to oocupy thta post to night in too and notwithstanding the inetomeuey of the weather was two organizations. Lyach, In some localities, will run Be haa recently been endorsed by the Workwomen's Sobattle, but our interests were jour lnterestt, and the very cotten bales raised by the negroes of the South defended the bosoms of our countrymen on that eventful day, when they drove back the legionsof the proud invader. They stood nobly by yoa aad ywura. f know that yon wUl never desert them In the j u t defence of their constitu- tional rights against a great sectijnal party who seem heat on the destruction o f our glorious confederacy. T h e mighty misaa that ao akilfuliy directed our national afliirs in timet Of trodbl» arc no mora The breezes of hia loved Ashland sweep mourafully over UM tomb of Clay. Jackson sleeps t h e sleep that knows no waking amidst the peaceful shades of the Hermitage, whilst the roar of the ocean, aa it beats on the shore of his favorite Marsh- field, disturbs not the rest of the great Defender of the Constitution. They are gone, and w e are left with the precious legacy of this mighty Union. L et us ace that the trust suSen aot In oar hands. Let us be true to the whole country—let u s a e s that t h e compact formed by oar fathers la honorably carried out. If thia be done, aadagainst Mr. Russell, oa the part of the republicans, wbo, from their course, seem to consider Mr. Russell the only candidate that they have running against their nominee thit really amountsto anything.f torn tbe general county skirmish let us take a view of the several Cong emional battles which are aow goingespoused Mr. Smith's cease, and he is now declared the Japanese candidate. Thta, however, only provw the old proverb that birds of a feather will flock together. The people appear to hive made up their mmis test they want no more representatives of that breed. Then move! of Peter Pettit ta tolling largely against Andrew Smith, and shrewd politicians of tee district predict tee• "tdence at Onateau Stobiere, where Prtoee Oortchekoff ar- rived to-day.WABSAW, O ct 30— Evening Many strangers are In the city and auch excitemtntprevails.Tbe Warsaw Coafereaceta limited to two days, andtheLondon Globe remarks that It »cms to indicate either 188 tbereesteblahingofharmonyoraremarkablenitotrustPeter Doiaa.tamaalRadmhT, PhilipBaas, donefaithfully,IforoneharenorearofUMperpetuityThe republicans are making numerous promises to therunners about Castle Garden, that if they will go for Wil-liamson,GovernorMorganwillpardonFowler,theticket Thentaonethingthattaexceedinglyconsolingtore swindler recently seat ap by Judge Iagraham; yet theysay when by themselves that they will never a low theGovernor to pardon him, but consider it "good enoughMorgan ontil after election "Dr. H. M. Cohen,gard to tbe Assembly flght; that ta, only seventeen of tee eighty philosophere to tee field can by any mishap be elected, and only a portion of the band can be in Albany as official peculators at a time, l e t us all rejoioe wo have this much favorable la UMcontest.Since the above was in type we have ascertained teat Mr. James Hayes, the Tammany candidate of the Flnt district, and Thomas Montgomery, tee Breckinridge can- didate in the Fourth Assembly district, have declined.Jao. Mack, Hamilton Morton, John Br ce,Wm. Joyce,T. Hawser,A. S. Mills.Murray, loeepQ Lamb.J. Tranh,of our instltutions.Mr 8 . BlAit Jfaen read a series of resolutions, fromwhich we take the following s—Resolved, That we recognize in Isaac C. DeUplaine a candidate for Congress worthy of Um suffrages of every true Unton-loving man, aad a democrat of irreproachable andoasallied reputation, one who can always be relied upon in any emergency to stead by tbe interests of his constituents and uphold the honor of hia country.Resolved, That the importance of every vote la thenext Oongrew Imperatively calls upon us to unite as oneThere a ao change to t h e Fourth district worthy o f note The chances are. however, In favor of tee election ofKerrigan.ThepeopleseemtobetiredofJapanese represenUtlves in that locality.The Sixth dtatrict presentt a mora lively contest H e n we find another Japanese arrangement in favor of J. Win throp chanter, who now appears on the political stage as thespecialfriendofBoole,whotousing htapowerto ol>- Uto tee dismissal of every person to office who ta round talking in favor o f John Cochrane. H e h a s commenced a political persecution of old and well tried mea which is reactingagainsthimandhtaJapaneseoandidatoforCon grew. The removal of Peter Pettlt from the position of clerkoftheUnionMarket—epositionthathahasheld because of his careful attention to hta duties ever slaneJ. Wntervell WM Mayor—and tbe appointment of Jame - Conway, a rumseller, in his place has stirred up a regu lar bretze in that portion or the district, e n d will turn scores of votes against Chanler a n d Andrew Smith wbotost, a every sacrifice, the Union most and shall be tented by an old Use whig like himself fighting shoulder have heretofore gone for them, fhia last Japanese dodgeman tamed.Resolved, ThAt we unhesitatingly denounce the attempt ot aspiring fanatics vtho pursue a fame a n d mistaken paitabtbruphy to array in hostile attitude the t w o great sections of our country—the North and th» South—whose interested should ever b e identical, and wbo possess, aider warrant of the constitution, equal and common r gais that knowing ao Northern a n d n o Southern o r fastern )r Western division ot our common country, hut cherishing it as a trust, we shall best preserve its interest by voting in the election now at hand, as we lnten I to do for that t cket for Presidential electors justly termed tne Union ticket, which i s headed by tbe honored names of Greene C. Bronson and Herman J Redfieidto shoulder with his old opponents the dsmocratic party, and appealing to all assembled ta stand by a cause so sacred aa that which could thug bind together two such antagonistic parties—the cause of the Union. He felt that. so far aa New York WM concerned, the Union men wore doing their duty. Their opponents already began to waver Their figures a n d anticipations were greatly reduced within the past week, and he had no doubt that by Mon day next the sixty thousand majority so vauntlngly claim ed by the rapublicans would dwindle down t> at leas- or- • .hird of that number. (Cbee-s )party upon his shoulders. (Applause ) The present crisisofBoole'statiewontthat hebasmadeforbisparty. The republicans are very anxious that the fight shall be kept up and Chanler remain in the AM, and all who cas their votes for Chanler a r e indirectly voting for Conck ling, tbe republican nominee.Mr. Tallmadge was followed by Mr. ISAAC C. T>m.AFi.»ncs, the Congrewtonal candidate of the Eighth district, wbo, ashecameforward,aftertheenthusiasticcheersoftheau- diencehadsubsided,saidthat,whilehethankedhisfriends assembled, he felt alnust that he waa something moreOur Knoxviilc Correspondents. Ksoxvuix,Tenn.,October18,1860.Batween two great sections ot the country each depend- ent upon the other, financially and politically, there had sprung up a distrust that almost amounted to an ammo aity, and no m an could tell where it would terminate. This feeling was dally Intensified by the circulation ofwork ng against Mr. Cochrane' because they failed toget this or that petty appointment; but the iwueta oftoogreat Importance to let mere personal feeling decide tt. I tto tobehopedthatallsuchfeelings will beburied,and gradeofsociety,fromtheverytoptoteebottom,isIna the tosue met like democrats realizing the Importance offriends are spending their end bis associates, whofind that the people willsome of the Mozart Hall nominees are engagea in this opeontheaightofelection. The present Indicationtathat John Hurry will oarry off the prize.begging Victor Emanuel to come sad entreat Napoleon to send hta troops away.WASSAW, Oct. 30,1000.TheEmperorofRossistaexpectadhersatfourP.M562 .468* .620 . 401 .780688 . 810 . 407 . 662 . 734 . 414 401 . 464 . 606 . 800 . 076 . 730 . 760 . 808 700 . 803 . 080 . 360 460 603 . 2701006is ta. 812 . 064 . 870 . 020 . 078 .'661 . 608 . 640 . 006 . 383 . 280 . 4U688 . 672 463 68843,300 122I.62.5*5106.845* These districts tavt Oeeatermed sincetee.Resolve4, laat the election of men of conservative cha-racter andconceded ability as memben of the next na-tional Legislature Is of vital moment, and w e hail with than a man, for be had tae two wings of the democratic wbo bas by his past course proved himself to be one of electoral ticket, sot tee majority against the republicans Ecat Itnntstte—lt* J^ast and Promt Bittory— Iu Apt-i muslactioo the fact that moderate ounsels, generousnugaanimltyandpatrioticresolveshavesofartriumphed wasoneorthemostimminentthecountrybadeverex-la our district; that the conflicting interests of the oandtdates of rival organisations, so happily disposed ofand harmonized; past the glorious old Seventh dis-trict, aiwaya national, presents for our suil'rages but oaecandidate for Congress in opposition to the black republi-lican nomicees.YMtorday WM tee tort day within which tee regniryt of work la a quiet cease their eflbrta Let all parttas attend to these gentle lata or tee various election dntrtcto were to hsve been ArrlT*. of tiw EnroH at Hillfax airiway, U M kindof Mayer Wood's to U M tan charter order of things hereafter.uia with aa auch men on Tuesday next and prepare UMway tar a betterhanded mat tee office of tee Oounty Clerk, but, notwith standing tela provtaioo of the tow, twenty four ltate yet renaJnunreturned.so that we are still unable to give tee prectaenumberorregisteredvotenmteecity. Tbead- dittonafretuns obtained yesterday do not, howevw, in- duce a s t o change Our opinion that the number will reach UM figures anitoesly gives, viai-about IM.OOO. The proportionate increase observed to datrlcta already given, seems to bold good la tbess which we prtot below, aad the proportion seems also to be carried oat to regard to tee actual vote to be polled on Tuesday next, whichcannot fell far abort of 06,000 votesThe necessity of redatrlctmg the city, to order thatevery vote msy be deposited, will be vary obviousfrom a glance at UMfollowing table, though such aa undertak ing is now too late, unlew lor the charter election of aext December. Thus ta tea Third district of the Nineteenthtbe Prtece Albert .UusS*t. Jobns. TWft HAYS LATEEjXtlITEI LUfiEfCE.HI WTAl niFBBRl AT WAIUW. canxratni OF M I MAMOH».Arriva 1 o f t h • Knrwpa a t H ellrax. menses, Nov. 0,1000Tne iteamship Europe, from Liverpool on OnsSOtbofOctober, via Qneeustoan a a UM Stat, arrived lavs a telection.ofTammany, batbaareceivedmeats of German clubs, workingother sanaaa that make up tee general army to this con- teat. Lyach comes before the yoten as the Mozart Hall and tee » Yankee Voloateen" candidate, and la running with thepartywho aretradingoffJudgeAbrahamD. Buswll, the Momrt nominee for Recorder, for that of J. T. Boflman, the Tammany candidate, which to injuring has very materially amongst a large ohaa who are anxious t o aee an.honest aad fearlew Judge elected to teat office.The campaign started out ia a direct issoe between Tammany aad Mozart Ball apea these two candidates, but side tones and other questions have entered Into UM flght, which no longer makes UMvote the tost of thoseBreaaan to before tbe people a t the nomineeto the recent sketch of the Assembly candidates our n - porterdidnotgathtaeysupon tberightpersonforIn H. Tnthill, tee repusllcan candidate ©T the Secondbly district; UM busisew of teat gentleman waiWall Barest lawyer—but not his personal ap, as another person WMtoken for him hillwaabora inSuffolkcounty,andtaabout thirtyone yean of age; has been a resident of thta city for eleven yean, engaged at practising law,aad has had a good busi- ness. Be baa engineered hta own way ta UMworld aad beaxsagood reputation. B e h ia person about the me- dium height, slim built, light oountenanoe,dark gray eye with a sandy gates, aad haa an exprewion or oounte nance teat indicates considerable energy, and would b token u a straightforward, honest parses whenver met.•essetanaaetoatsayon,andItla—warmtor*tarthecoo-amortsoceemfulaffair. ciety;andareceivingteesupportofalargeclawwardthenumberofregtauredvotestal^flO.Allowingelevenoclocklastnight,aadsailedagaiaforBostonattt:tation and toe Union, and uxnhaken oonadeooo in too ahead of tea Mozart ticket, whilst in others Bros of those teat M L Walsh has bean counting oa tea hoursforteeduration of the atsettoa wo lam 000 three o'clock tela morning, where she will he doe toawr- A stand bad been erected in the square forspeaken, aaa will walk tote the vote of that party la a way as sunforhim. Another person by the name of fltsger-£peraooalfeelingsInlbladiatrictaeburied.Letthere hatitbeingimpossibletoaddressaaaudiencethere thatwillastonishmanyofthesewhoarefigur- aidbaatakentheBoldasanIndependentcanddatetothe minutes,towhichtimethecanvawereofthisdtatrict row(Sunday)evening. beuniontartneannooftheUnion. Lotaaall marchin underUw circumstances,Urncrowdfilledtheneighbor- district,andwe understand that Mr.Walshtatobeex- aretoreceiveand|deposit 1,830 balloto,Oralittlemore TheEuropereportshavingpassed,oathe20thofOcto- •antes Phalanx agatast yonder aiaueaal republican ing on tela question. Tbe latter Is looked upon tensively scratched oa account of hta cityrailroadand than two a minute, a thing which most b s regarded ae ber, at one P. M., ships Yorkshire, Oram, day Manner party WiththemanicoftheUnionisoarearsandthe inghall Atinehandofmusicwaalaattendance,anda as toobest nominee patforwardbyTammany, WestWashngteamarketvotesatAlbanylastsession.lay, of the Uatoa over oar heads, w e aaaat and wa will display of fireworks and bonfires throughout the eveningcsaqser. (Applause.) Th* Baeimg essembtas to ratify Infused a life Into the gloomy atmosphere that, in spite of thenominationofGeneralWardlorCongress 1bopoit*iihodoneenthatiaattoally. (Chaara.) Youareall UMweather,waspositivelycheerful.This, with Fitzgerald to tea field, may enable Mr. Tuteill to give him a bard chase.impossible, when tea various delays, arming from swear tog, Resolute and Portsmouth, going iato Liverpool, 20th, tag non registered voters and their vouchere, searching at one A. M , lat 61 80, long 34 48, passed steamship Ce teeltataror thenamesofvotenandother mattersareconsidered. Thenecessityo!votingearlyandofpromat-awarethat, by theaaUoa ofa Oonuaitiee ofArbltra-Uan,Iamnolongar amndtdaso agataat CaaoraiWard.I(freed to abide by the deelaioo, and I will boat good aaByword. WhileitanayopinloathatapartyshouldaotindopendenUy, yet the importanoo of electing national•en to Ooagreai at thia sraa aaanaed to make it mytfaty to jo into an arrangement by wbish w o ooold alllaite agaaat " » republicans, and I hope the remit willradicatethewadornofmycoures,andteattherepub-boaaawiU incoanneoaee bedefeated. Unionman,BollThemeetmgjwasjorganlandbyUw electionofBradish Johnson,Esq.,asPresidentandeightVicePresidentaeach fromUMTwelfth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth, Twentyfirst and Iwenty second wards, and lour Secretaries each fromThe CHAIXBAH, on taking his seat, made a raw remarks. Hemid—KeHowcitizens—1 stand hereto-nightasana tionalman:boraonthesoliofLouisiana,myearliestaf-bedirectlybetweenLynchandBreunan,withUMchances in favor of the latter, whilst the republicans are exceed inglysanguineofslippingKeyserto betweenteetwo. The leading Mozart Hali managen have expressed their opinion upon the result to the last twenty four houn a i beingdoubtful. Thefightisthemoatinteresting oneto thecanvara,andItwillgoagreatwaytosettlenotonlystamp oandidatofor Assembly, andhisbusiness isa •milkman"Insteadofclocktinker. DavidOpdykctanowthe only republican oandidatoto the field. SomeortbecandidatesiatheTenthAssemblydtatrictswm to bave come to their senses, and a compromise has been made onthe Mozartcandidate, Luke F. Cozans, Esq. Having been endorsed by Mozart, Tammany and Union parttas, his stances for election may be considered good, andhewill,ifelected,makeanhonestandindustriousle galator.WeundsssUndthatthreeorfourparsonsareyetaew;bothoatbeparioftbevoter aadtbecanvasaento giving receiving and depositing tbe ballot, ta therefore very evident.The table below exhibits the Bombers registered to seventyone districts not previously glv an. Twenty four districtsarewanting tocomplete, with thosegivento yesterday*BBSAU>,teeentireregirtrsttonofthecity:—Wards. DUtricU. Votert rtgit'dt i860. Jfeytralfe tvie,1360The malafeatareoofteaEoropa's sews barealready betatelegraphedoverteawiresfromCapeRasa.andETorettmen,brotherrt—loarata,letasreaolrato fectionsclingaroungtheStateofmybirth. Educatedat teeCongrewmen,bntotherlocalcandidates. Thelikeof askingtortbenominationbysomecoraercliquetothe•Btrtao tar each and every part of our vide extended UMMorth, where lie the bones of my kindred, 1know no tela contest has aot been awn in the metropolis bat oooe district, and there may yet be half a dozen philoeophenTbe followingta additional totea latest telegraphed vis Queenstowa :—PAEJS, Oct. 20-3,130 P. M. The Bourse opened flat to-day a a d tee funds receded.Therentes,whichopenedatAST.80c,closedatOOf.70s. ThePatrie wys—Baron Hobner'svisit toFrancetosolelyonpersona!mattersA Frenchjournal speaks of an armed intervention ofwhose former associations draw to him tee support of aclassthatnoneortheothercandidatesofTammanyHallwillbeableto.Shrewdpoliticiansdeclaretheissueto hassentisacommunicationstalingteathetanotasocatryfeelingaoffrtoadablp andeonard. Letusre- NorthorSooth,butonlyoaecountry. Therefore,I hare inthefieldwbowill,unlessboughtoff,ran,aadperhaps 4... I........ 014 . 824404BOO Austriato Italy as being decided upon. The last newsserve to frown down every attempt, come from what a right to speak to yoa as a Southern, as well as a North- in tee last tea years. All sides will, beyond a doubt, be altogether secure votes eneugh to throw the district intosea/tor It maw, which to iatendtd to alienate ernman. ThesoothhMalwaysstoodbyUmUnion,aha see aartloa of the oaaatiy from another. Ani- will stand by tt aew, hat It most ha UM union of oarThe following gaaUemea were unanimously cheese a* sister States. May these glorious remembrances ani- mate aa la UM ooateat w a are about to enter.4..I..6.. • • • t • t e a * .618ratbere-tbelnloaof 1T8T,with ail1Mguaranteesand conditions—aunionoflove,aotaunionofforce,aanion founded oa the rights at sovereign States, aot a union un-7..ee••e•••j.678 .827.en. 060.436.000.060. 428. 730mated by such sMItogs, we mayhope toaw pros,parityabedttaneb.blastingsoverthelandwhoreliberty•mated her borne, ami from wh!ch aha will never beamen If we are troa to oarserres and the peseta Mgtft constltuttenally interpreted by a sectional majority, Next to the contest on the Register Is that oi Recorder. mings H. Tucker, and tee antl oorropttontato, with John which nstilnltam andTutor bongbt at thewwinceof .--hooldertoshoulderwewentthroughtbeRevolution,and HooperMtheirnominee,iikeptap with greatinterest, tomatoofblood,andwhichtruewadorninvokwanto oaeverybattlefieldofourcountryUMbonesofUM Tbecombinationsteatarebeingmadeagainstteaalee andpromisestoholdoutuntilteeballotboxesareclosed guardwithimcrontBgvigilance. Southttaowmmlngtodwiththose ofNew York andher6..0T8 10 ... 1 a12wiseafterteevotesarecounted. Iatbe meantime,aay personwbodesirestoseeearnest aaddeterminedelse tioneerlng, maywatch themovements ofLyachandthehandsoftherepublicans. Mr.Cranksamongsttbe best nominations that have been made by the Mozart partylathtacity.6..10. 11.lee a•aee•.£143A8 ennouncM,entbecontrary,thatAmurtawillmaintain s 341807 deferens attitude,aadwillnotactuntilasstaaOstafead.002 TbePreueMJS—PrinceMetternlcbtasxpeotodtoPara 401 this evening.4sr la the towns of tee shawm States which have been oo- 900aoa ouptod by French troops, petitions have been signedBrennan for tee next forty-eight houn.tiosofRussellare quite numerous, andwenoticethatdefended the right* of the whole country at the battle of gentlemen at the ballot box. A desperate effort to being triet that their member last winter shall not return to New Orleans. You were far distant from the roar of the made to prejudice the minds of our bettor okas of citizens repeat bisreiord. It seems that Alderman Boole bus007 200 460 238 078grew, a gentleman of ability and probity, o n e who h a ssbly aad satisfactorily represented our dtatrict in thepast—and with t h e utmost confileaoe we entrust to himitschargefortheimmediatefuture.WecanandwilltherewuanattempttointimidatetheNorth.Sofarlarparty. AccordingtoallusagesortbeHughMcLaughlin,Douglasdemocrat:JohnMcNamee,try,"untilbytheopeningupofthatgreatcentralchainthefirehadbrokenoatInteethirdstoryofthemaleelect him by a sweeping majority.Resolved, That tbe thanks of this meeting are due andteadered to tbe Hon. George Bnggs a a d Udolpho Wolfe,Esq , who, by the action of tbe political organizationswhich they represented, stood aa candidates for Oongrew,from this being the case, their cry was one of sympathy to u s a s brethren, with a common inheritance. If the South were the weaker party, as was so frequent-democratic party in this city, who bave acted upon tbe principles of majority ruling, the Mozart Hall democracy hM been the recular party ever since tbe Waterloo de- feat or Tammany last year. Consequently Mr. Cochrane is tbe nominee of the regular party in this district. But theretoamoreimportantquestionatstakethanthta InBreckinridge, and Anthony F. Campbell, tbe republican.Thta triangular flght a becoming quite interesting.The fight for seats in tbe State Assembly is going on in the several districts with its usual lire. Tbe democracy In a number of districts present two candidates, bnt as s general thing their councils are guided: by common sense, a quality not fooad in the democratic camp in the seve- ral Assembly districts in New York. In tbe First districtof railway which connects, almost by an air line, teecitiwofNew York aid New Orleans, w e have sprung atonce into notice, and have been put into communicationwith the "balance of mankind." East Tennessee, thougha mountainous regiota, is traversed by several rich andfertile valleys, whose products, now rapidly Increasingyear by year, are destined to make it the "garden spot'as Seward and Lincoln, until the ?<>uih had been aroused to a SUM of excitement upon which it was nearly impos- sible to expatlste with calmness. It had been said thatOthers declare that they prefer M r . Coch- rane, but he is not nominated by the regu-lyclaimed, w a a it consistent t o believe they would ii the North? It WM preposterous to suppose evenfor toe self sacrificing spirit which tney have manifested tosave the district from tne d tagrace of being represented the idea of a menace from sach a quarter. It was true, all probability Lincoln will be elected President, when itin our national Congress by the candidate of a sectional organization T h e reedineea wttt which they submitted to the withdraws* of their claims is appreciated by thishowever, that their rights sad privileges, as guaranteed becomes highly important that ajie, conservativemento them bv t h e constitution, were beingttreapawed upon. should be sent t o t h e lower house o f Congress from thisand they were performing a duty they owed city, and the voters of tbe Sixth Congressional district crat, and MoHratb, republican, with the chances •heuseives in defending those rights, and for- can secure this In no other way than by votingforJohn in favor of the former Tbe Second dathe contest i s warmly kept u p between Provost, demo a Resolved, That from this night, until the polls close on tifying themselves against the inroad of princi- Cochrane, as every vote given for Mr. Chanler Is one trict, from all indications, will send .a republicanmeeting and will h e fondly chertshsd.orthe Southwestern !stetes. The country abounds with there; bat, though they worked nobly, their efforts were of BOavail t o Mve t h e factory, though tbe flames weremineral springs, sevOral or which, having been recently prevented from spreading to tee adjoining build InfavorofMr.Conokliog,asthecontestnowstandsInthat unlemachangetamadeinteeprogramme of the demo Improved and fitted upwithelegant hotels forteeaa logs. Fortunately, the factory was an taotated edi-Tossdaynext,wegiveoaractiveexertions inftirj legi- ples which woold lead only to a common ruin. timateway,forUMsuccessofoarticket,adoptingaaoar He shuddered when he thought of dtsunim, not only formoito, "Tbe Uaton, Ward aad victory." the North, but for the whole country. Pecuniarily th e tisaeial WARD then came forward aad was received South were oar best customers. They produce nothingwitn macs enthusiasm- He mid that he waa glad to ase they consume. They b a y everything here; they sell somanyofhiafriendsandenpportenoa anoscasion so everyth-nghere,andhenceit waathattheraUofwagesdtatrict cracr before Tuesday. ccmmodatlon o f vl*iteri, a r e The flght m tbe Seventh and Eighth districtsta a fair The Third Assembly district presents all the marks andbecomingt h esummerfice, aad t h e flremer ware, consequently, materiallyaided by this circumstance to preventing the-,n this country waa maintained at a standard higher thanthatofaayotherpeopleintheworld. France,withapopulation of over thirty millions, only paid fifty cents aand tt depended entirely oa the people themselves daytoherbeetworkmen.Thissjstemofinterchangemust organIzations beldaconference yesterdaywiththeCom- woetber It shall and in peace or in war. The continue between tbe two sections, and as long asit mittee of Fifteen, and it w u finallydetermined that M'-. irrepressible conflict waa already upon us, aadIt didtothenationwouldbeprosperous-bntthemomentit NelsonTaylorshallreceive theunited conservativesup-waatorthe constituency of t)ew York to cheek its de- ceased—tbe moment the flood gates of pawion were let port as representative in Oongrew from this district. All vastating progress. When Mr Seward entered tbe down—not only would tbe North, bat the South feel the of the other candidates except Mr. John Duffy withdrew Saaate of the UniMd States, he w w the only one who disastrous effects to tbe very core. In regard to the in- their names, and agreed to support Mr. Taylor. It a sup-terests of workingmen it waa aver the dream or bis life to posed that Mr. Daffy hM made some arrangement with susuin tbe laboring mea ar the country and withdraw tee black republioans, under which he refoses to with- from the great cities towards the opening fields or draw, hoping thereby to dnw off some of the anti re-Our mountains a r e filled with inexhaustiblecoal, Iron, sine, Ac., the developement or which will con- tribute largely to the wealth and general improvement of our heretofore neglected section. Besides t h e chain o r railway already referred to w traversing East Tennesseefraught with interest sad importance to the whole coun- try In am opinion the struggle now about to be (in was one that in all respects surpassed those of former yean,public from the reel one.The several candidates that have received nominationsdemocraticcandidate,wuoneorteeIndustriousmembersor tee tast Legislature, and who, whatever m ay havebeen bis record apon questions outside or Brooklyn, WMone of tbe best members ot that body for Brooklyn interesto, watching with an Argus eye everything that wouldaffectinanymannerorformteerightsoftheInhabitants fromeasttowwt,WeharenowtopregnwtheKnoxvllto depth, orone story, twenty-five feet high. Thethird of that city. The dtatrict is a close one, and has usuallymaAtamed Uw execrable vMws set oat in Helper's book;hut within a very few yean, the dangerous ideas whichbe enunciated have been extended, until n e w taare areao lew than thirty Banal era w h o espouse these ideasThe citt/ens of New York mat not allowinis. It waa time for the people to to all, and an equality be preserved, of which * Duffs establishment yesterday, could have seen theat Cincinnati with {the Atlantic Ocean at Charleston. At dimensions. The whole of tee buildings' of limber framed, built by Willam Rogers, wbo WMa recent meeting held at Cincinnati, o! the various in- at a coat of $38,000. The cost of Mewau--y - — terests concerned m thta important undertaking, mated at 070,000, aad of tbe stock at 01.200. It"* sotrise up aad speak for thsmwlvw, and unlessthey do to BOWthe opportunity would b e altogether lostto them Mea meat bs lodged by their acta. We moattook at what thaw have done l a the past, what they d onow, and what It may rmwoaably he supposed they willdo in tbe future. He was a a dsroniooist, b a t he oouldnot help sayiag that ha feared for the onion of the Statesli t h e rabid prtaciptos of abolittonlam sboold triumph.The south woold aot always be trifled with. They have m-vmr tab v fultilled Mmrahareot duty to the common govern-ment, and It waa neither right nor tolr for Northern menaowtotunnpaathoseShamsfornothinghuttheirfideli- The Preeemt Condition off the Political ty to la* ooaatitattoa aad eadeavor t o break the grandKh:c« of Uw cowatry otto oaatow fragments. Per ale part, if etocMd, ha weail h a randy to perform bis duty faita- folly aad to the best of bla ability, aad nothing should aver induce him to be s party to tne destruction of the righto of any one SUM ot so gtonooa a coxtiedaratloa, (Loud applause.)Battle Field la the City.THS CONTEST FOB KKGISTKB AND KMOORIHtB-MOVl- MINTS ON TBI CONGK&jaiONAl CHS8S BO ABO, ETCAt we aear tbe day of election whiob it to bring UM contendingarmies,theguerilla factions aadUMambush squads, fees to race at the ballot box, there to settle UM teat talked of question of 186t>, UM appearance of Uw different oaptelna, generals and colonels becomes moreThird Congressional District. WITHDRAWAL OF MB. MATHBK. TOTEXIDITOX OTTBSBXBA1D.or to what way to counteract the work that a being done routes teat have bean suggested to conseotton with teaagainst him. The attitude of the two parties, and the subject, and we cannot doubt that a inrsonal examtoaMon an Lpublican votes. Inthiswayprotectionandhomeswouldbeafforded ApersonthathappenedtobeInthevicinityofCrookbeen ascertained that any livw w e n lost f * * " / ? * * * injured. The building was Insured, bot^TTM**r P*f. tally or fully, aad to what company or oompaatos oouMthe West the unhealthy surplus that elated.The l o a . Oeorga Brigga, UM preaaatof the district M Ooagreas, waa UM next speaker.Be dwelt at length aa UM advantages of firmness» political aa ta prtraM mattaw, aad retarredI par-ueakrly to th e torn atsettoa of Speaker of the Boose earnest and determined. Already th e muscles oa their TBB CHAUCB9 THAT HAVB TABBN PLACl IN THBtion with the Southern Atlanta awports. While on thta mmjWJfi"^ jS$ZZ£Euof Keprt*eautivw aaaaexample tapoint. Hewarm- severalfeceshaveawumedadeathlikerigidity,UMlips ly easpoused Uw eanas o f Gen. Ward, aad urged apon hfel are arm, aad their eyas reveal aa anxious determined.buOnFridayevening a processionofUnion MinuteMen WM held a t Perth Ambey, a t which t b e Fifth Wardshould not omit to mention *******X£to Sothuer^o^n^emaun,fpermhapTs,marweMgSMgTM^v£rf£^f£*ii- gPolice InUUlsjanee.HIGHWAY RORBSBJW ST GASUGBV—As Daniel D.Probably Uw most earnest flght teat la goingmi various objection* of U w republican party, aad ahawed to oar midst at that tar Register. The divisions aad thai they were trying to overturn aad destroy the whole oompaatos of UMdinerwt armtos to tela flght are Movingfever of rnnstllBtliBwl praciptas. BeeomaattedthefeworablyHe WM followed by Dr., ofalictlmnsriBgorthehat"dead Body dodge," oae of do UM BMttoas aad wrangling pbitosaphsrs awns Bamsofcotton.........aatttsniaa. They were seeking to rob about in rapid suocesaion, datenaiaert to wm the flght aabssMSOt Basstottoa aad foil aad running over with ihalf of theSUtes of the republic byMows Itsansi WASTSD—The Texas newspapers state thatmust naturally feel s lively Interest ta piahment of tea grand aobeme, he apwfllshowtoany sat over eattstate teaview, of this great pro itodsofteetee West sad havelongdisiredadirectandspeedymeansofto take tee place ot UM present circuitoussly slow routw, and tee opening of the LootavUle Nashville road has only convinced tews of the to- lmportanceoftheearlycompletionofotherand id mornirectroutM7b>twiMthelarWenandsktog haa down. At tela juncture , of the Tenth ward, came up and laspraoner,wasgavehtacommitted torCity FoamDsowirsD—Tbebodyof asabout thirty yean of age, stout built, at pier No. 2fromhtaaspscMsof.Calted States. But he fa aot haa partytaany seen outrage on popular sovereignty. They wars aot oalycalledanontoetoetmantolegfelateforUMwhole republic, hat they were aow oa the awe of choosing a Prmtoeut who snot to be the head of aay oae portion oftheronJederatiea.Mr.R.B.aw«MKaw>stud* a vary awsctlvespeechoafrom oae to two thouaand bands oould obutn employ fortheirstandardbearer. ThefriendsofJamwLynch trickery,treacheryaadeverythingelaadisgracefulto meetathighwagesoutherailreadsofthatstoleMKelly,WML e v *M .to^fenupMaspj *Jw* *wiBSgJ^TJ"rseem to ha UM Ionian talking aad making the moat noifc of any of the candidates in the field, aad his friends arahtowtog it from the homatopa aad cornen of streeu thatbeaelectedbyaUrgemajority;batforsomecause or other there la of tote considerable caange going onbehasroiiedapoo MBit meet ar WhetherthisaowingtoLynch%modepolitics; they have driven all honest men out of politico, and we a n now ruled by a sat of BOBpuffed op with wlf vanity, wbo a n rushing headlong like a set of ra- venowwormaftertheirprey,stoppingootastoaallyto fight each other, aa If fearful teat some oae wouldget hold of some nice steak flnt. A olesn swwp by the re- publioans la every Assembly district will as doabtIacsBAia m TXXAS—The Brenham (Texas) Bamger sub- mits the following contrast between tee oonsus returns ori860 andIfldOforWsshtoftea oounty, toshowtheof QJ» short term Mtitledgood, hid girt tosomsof UMcandidates;* BMflfiMM Acres la cultivation.... , • e a e s s *m tbe Fifth Congressional district from auti republicanbeen republican, but be bus tbe prestige of once carrying tee district; that ia telling largely to bis favor, andthe republicans have a new man and a novice in politics la the field, whoseems to nty mora upon the supposed weaknew of hta opponent than a roil and genuine can- vass. It a , however, one o f tee sharpest contested dta trioa in the city.hanging about there that WM ever seen congregated in James Darcy.any pace—regular roughs, many or them looking as Tbe Fifth dtatrict haa exhibited as many differentthough they had been in a starved condition for months, but had all of a sudden become flush by bleeding tbe candidates, who a n generally obliged to pay them some- thing to get rid of them, and wen oat on a grand and universal spree all around, and wen ready to tear things generally or do anything else necessary for the man that would band over the money.sad Kentucky Baiinad, whichta destined to form an Im- building WM in the rear, aod ooeatsted of oaa story, portant l ink in a line of road connecting tee Ohio rirer twenty five feet high, thirty fort by forty feet la lateralThe Fourth diatrict is a one-aided one, and no person none could complain. Mr. Delaplalne continued h a re- largest number of what a teimed " political strikers" anticipates but one result, and that: Is the election ofmarks st some length, aad waa frequently Interrupted by the applause or h a listeners.with tee South. For in addition to the tact that toe Knoxvllle and Kentucky read ta now partly under con- tract aad tee work to progreM, the Bine Rtoge road, ex tending from Knoxvllle to Charleston, via the Rabun Gap aad Anderson, a. C , ta atao under way, and no doubt is entertained that the South Carolina Legislature, at its ap proaohlng aewion, will make auch further advances M will insure a speedy completion of this great work. W e are now expecting a visit from a committee appointed byDBATH n o . IsvaansAWca.-0a Friday night a respec- table female, named RoM Derusg, onfertunatoly drank "Kther too rreely, w that on her hwbend arriving at their hcmeheroimdherfcrgwMtatatoxlesAloa. Finding her-self in so degraded a position, she enoaavored t o leave the houw,to order to evade her hwbend. but sheHe waa followed by Mr, Ira. Davis, Mr. BirdaaU and other gentlemen, who kept the*a;tention of a large audi- enee for nearly two houn.phases in tbe contest as a kaleiloscope. The candidateshave been numbered by the dozen, but we a r e unable toBay how many consider themselves running now. The twodemocratic parttas bave united apon Mr. Jones. Theremay be three ot four bogus c a w brought out by the republicans to divert the vote. Mr. Andrewi, the republican candidate, feat work with great seal, but seems tomeet with a bitter but covered opposition with a portionofhtaownparty,andtaunabletotellwheretostrikeit theMayorofCincinnati toexamineandreportuponteeIt was expected that several of the dlstlnguahed speak- ers who have of tote been canvassing the State woold be present. but they were doubUess deterred from attending by the inclement condition of the weather.•icourse of tea polittotaas, In the Sixth and Seventh dtatrlcta point to the election of tee republican nominees. Many of the politicians to the City of Churches will wake ap next morning after election wiser, aad with a lesson administeredto)them that will, if they profit byitsby these gentlemen will eaublah, beyond controversy,that tbe Knoxvllle route ta tee oaa ofcrtog ^ " * * - ;lying on the main sUlrway, upon which be wantaod found her there, with her head down aad barfeetup- wards, she having evidently stumbled aad fallen to thatUnder tbe advice or personal a n d political friends, onwbcee judgment I rely, I deem It my duty to withdrawmynameaa a candidatefor OongrewforteeThirdCon-CTWsional district, leaving to the held Mr. Wood as the teachings, make teem better men to the future.andbestlnducementotothepeopleofancinaau^asny position.SheWMquitedead.YesterdaymoratogsaJOHN C MATHER. Visa State Assembly Coateat.Snlydemocrnuc: nominee.reference to tela subject of a « ' ' w y ^ ! % others bgbcvmpitmeattoI'dolphoWolfeforwithdnwingfromtarahalfhearwithoutseeingdepictedupontheeoante-Assemblydistricts,andfrompresentindicationsthere-present,togetherwiththeUatonclubsfromNewBruns-have ^puanmgourclaimstotelaregard,Hyer, of No. 406 Fourth street, WM passing throughconatitoency u * fact that they oaa find ao better represoBr-uttve throughout taw country In concluding ha paid a trembling spirit within. No person oaa took about themthe strife :a fewer of General Ward, aad called tor three cheersforWolfe,whichwereheartilyrespondedtobynancesabouthimanexprewionofanxietyaadfearattoUMresult of UMetootJoB oa next Tuesday. Everything hiworking favorabletartheUatoaelectoralticketin that guy, with a prospect of a much larger vote than was ever before polled In UMmetropola. The movement to close UMstores aaema to he mastlag with general favor.wick and the Jersey Hickory Boys. Tbe procession passed through UMpriaoipal streets,which were Iliummated and decoratedwithflags,&c.Ateighto'clock themeetingJudge Swan Bthetoeepttonorthe sol tee ol highwaymen and robbed of a portaaonaata BlueRidge! hemadsseveraltdO.Twomen,namedThomasFinneganandHenryB.the whole audience Be hoped that the sffjrta aew beingmadetaoheokta*treasonableprogressofthere- pabiicaa party weald be crowned withassorted hia Marat* to a waa topublicans will come out of the coatest with a majority orthe Assemblymento tea city. By the wrangto) aad m-testlnefightsofteeso-calleddemocracy,nowsplitintoasmany tactions as a person bas flagon and tow, this demo- waa opened by tee Hon. W. Robinson, and addressee wereenforcing the claims of tee EasteattentionoftbecapiUUstoand Bags,warssubsaqaeatlyarresMdonausptotosofdown to the occasioc of the re ths pmpsususs, and oa being taken before Justiceo a man to rally around the polls oa the «th of No- and to protect the cause of law,or-,cratic city will send to Albany nine or ten republican A s-semblymen out of tbewventeon npresenUtlvw to teatowerbouse. Th*isteefruitof thedemoralizationof veryenthusiastcallyreceived. the modern democracy, now in the hands of spoilsmen andstock jobbers of every BBBM and nature, wild withteobosh. at the Jeflbraon Market Police Court, they SBSBmMMdflaySBBSBOBSMSS On tee IWilliam A. Heern, of He. £ * £ * * £ * * » * •oer sad rightMr Fii P NomraaT made a vary atreaoous address tarailway route acroM tee couitry-Mr.EdwinJ.Stance,oftheSeventhAiasmblydistrict,Theflghtbetweentee Legislative peculating republi- cans to tee Eleventh dtatriot, under the toad of Cumittf(SSSS• • • s e e * * *a oatoourmidst,with allthenoise tadtumult of the electionofGeo.J.Campbell.Theflght,however,taoneof 13. .. 8In the Third Congressional dtatrict Benjamin Wood, as the most bitter of any district in the city.the nominee of Mozart Hall, Tammany and the Bell party, We stated In oar notice or Assembly candidates teat14. 16.16.17. 18.10.2122.4 .. 1O . a * • • • a.. 2 4 0 7 0 .. 1 2 0!*«•*•••..1218 .. 18-.* ! •1 0 . . .11...13... .2... 3 . . . 4... . 1... 8...10... 12... 18... . 8 . . .4 .. 6... e... 8 . . . 0...13.... 1... 6.... . . . . .....a working like a beaver for his election, aad has in bis Mr. Voorhees, of the Fourteenth Assembly district, votedin the probability that s prolonged conference would pro- duce a cordial" oBderstondtog.LOXDOS, Oct. 30—Evening. Business In tbe Stock Exofaaage limited. Consols improved >,', tee Bank returns being m o t favorable than was expected, but in the afternoon tbey relapsed to open- ing prices.Annexed is a list of the pawengere per Ecropa:—Mr Ashworth. M rs Bay tee, Messrs Brodehre, Boyer. Binet, Berkon a n d laoy, Beokeler, Badeao, Croft, child and lady; Hiss Chad wick, Calarge, Cotins, Dixon, D s mean, M a s Draper. Ellis, M n Ellis, Fonrdeieier, M n Finney and children, Mr and Mn Fairbanks, tiuioeu and lady, M n and Mas Gardner. Gilmore and son, Otoesoa, Haggard, Harrtdy, Poper, Hackee, B\ haras, Miss hooper, Hamilton, Basses, Housewell, Irwin, Johnson ai. l lady J. fkrejs. Leon. Meeking, Motley, Miss Muller, Moher, Mann, Mai!, McLelsh, Mathesoa, Rev. Mostly, Ni-chols and lady, Norcross, Pecquet, General Palfrey and lady, Reid, Rooper, M n Reid and sou, Sponsel, Stair, Scbodtz, Tenuent, Smith Spence, D r . Stanton, w a a Sumrord. Miss Stewart,Tattle, Tement, Threefall. Torry aod family, Trignet, Mtas Tannic, Tucker, two Mrs Tuck er, Veroom, Vauderthai, Venman, Wbltworth, Wiley,Ward. Wenaorth, Wetherby, M n . and Mas Wether jy, Warren, WestheadTtae Newra b y tfee Prlace Albert.8r Jonas, K. F., Nov. 8,1840.The steamship Prince Albert, from Gal way on October 23,arrived at tea port at twelve o'clock ou Friday night, hot owing to the son-working of tbe wires her news r<old not be transmitted to the press.Tfce Prince Albert's dates are tw< days later than those per the Europe at HalifaxThe news ta unimportant.The royal meettagat Warsaw WM progressingVoting a t Naples o n t h e annexation question commenced on the 21st of October, bet the reeolt had not bcenasjertalned.Tbe Liverpool cotton market WMquiet, bat firm. Breadstuffs bad slightly advanced.Provisions were dull, but steady ConsolsV2%a92Jiformosey,aadM,'»a08foracranks the working boys of Um district—those who do UM pou .toil work.As Mr. Mather, however, has withdrawn from tbe can vara, Mr. Wood's success may aow be regarded as cer- tain.for all the city railroads. Hia name ta recorded against Geo. Law's big grWiron.Oneof toeBsMMatot ofthesixteenthAssemblyda trie', n i l declined, and hit party endorsed Mr Arcutarias; there a n still three candidates in the field by nomination, and one stump, against tee republican candidate, making the chancea of UMtatter good.From a careful canvass of the district w e have ascerUined that the contest is directly between Mr CochraneandMr.Uonekling Nootherdecisioncan bearrivedatfrom tbe present attitude of parties. Tbe vote, bowev»r, will be a close one between the two. and ahalf a doztn votes may settle tbe question; let everyperson, therefore, deatde what course be will pursue,and every democrat that prefers tbe election of a republicantoademocratwilleasthisvoteforMr.Chanler,andeverypersonwhohasanysnxietytoseethedistrictre- Odell. HewinaotpollaslargeavoteastheUnion presented by an able a n d conservative man—a personTotal 71 districts.,the ablest repreaenutivw that has been sent to Congress ta BOlarge that he will be elected by a handsome ma- fromthtacityforyean—willvoteforJohnCochrane. jority.That is tbe issue, look at It w you will—Cochrane or Conckultuial Adi-arUav'S—lti Mineral Wealth—JnaKamilieTta people la every election dtatrict areIn tbe last Congressional canvass tbe opposition to tbe republicans were divided to the Second Congressional die trict. which elected the republican candidate. They c .m- menced this canvass with two candidates in thefield,but a better sense seems to have guided their councils, aod tbey nowpresent an undivided front upon MosesF.Total.Coal Beds and Railroad Project*, etc.sunk in s common desire to perpetuate the public welfare ling—choose between them. A number of persons are Tbe city and county ticket ia being contested with 1 write from the chief town of East Tennessee—that count.perienced, and it waa well that party aspirations weregreatlifeandenergyonallsides,andeverythingssems portionoTthe"VolunteerState"lying betweenteeVir-Brooklyn Gtty Sewi, DBTSrccvxFrea—APansFACTOSTDxsrrxoTBD—Yes-to tend t o a general turnout o n election d a y . EveryginiaandNorthCarolina linesonthe east andtheCum-berland Mountains on the west—e section of country, un-til within the last Ave y e a n , isolated from the rest of theworld; hemmed in as it is by towering mountains oneveryside,Ithasbeen, asItwen, as"unknowncoun- conflagrationWManextensive one. Ittranspired testand square one: but two candidates are In thefieldin lines or a well drawn battle, and the fightis a fair and resora or rich Southernere, seeking a retreat from the spread of the hsmw from the building where the Oreeitherofthosedistricts—oneforeachparty. NofalseIs- square one. without any ambush o r guerilla parties t o sueisthereforebroughtuptodiverttheattentionof the divertpublicattentiononfalseIssues. Mr.Cailioottthetropical sun or their cotton and rloe plantations.originated. The scene of destructionta to the neighbor- hoodofGowacuscreek,which,withitstributaries,were test night swollen almost t o t h e dimensions o f small riven and takes. The factory constated or three baild ings. Tbe main one WM of three stor es, with a frontage of thirty feet b y fifty feet deep. There w w Mother building of thirty feM front by one hundred MM toUnion TorenUght Procession a n d Meet- ing: t a Iffssr Jersey*M yDISTRICTS—A SMALL CHANCE FOB PUBLICRS-JOICING, BTC.There is no prospect of a better order of things to tea Zouave Uaton Club of tela city, with their band, wars tta Atlantic '/ih7<r~ for wbtie there are others who oer street oa Friday sight, bs was attacked by a couplemade by Robert Admin and Peter Da Witt, Esq*., oa UM tasuw of the present contest. J. Sullivan, Esq., addressed the audience sssemblsd to UMfront of tea residence of E. Brinsley, Esq., from tbe balcony, and hta remarks wen, where he made an able and "t on ths subject—been flnt and fore- who have boss primalaaal in,theirthmn.h bMi street ou his way nome, nc byadirectline,theOhioriverwith b7en*topudw.ttetof,wboattemptedto robbtoi ofbTotal population Numberefstasw. Value of property16.216OM"*uM.411 teeUnDocumenofTexas.Wacopysomeofthe1860. S.TOT 2,ai«(complete) . . . 2previous districta...ToUl, 103 districto•••f• ••••facts were developed which make tt next to certainthat the route vis Knoxvllto will be selected by teecapitalists of that city M the most direct and feasible,all things considered, of any teat oan be made not he ascertained practicable to effecting thta much coveted connectiondit they can mat cheaply ana most *P" %^TM*'Z7.tee grand object they have In vtow, vis - a direct coaaee-inquest WM held on the body by Coroner Hortos, when a verdict WMreturned of "eneldentoi death frotatajartas occasioned by falling down s flight of sum, whileto a •Uto of intoxleation." Mm Darling learw fear hilntow children on her husband's 1taring prespects of Knoiv.Ue and ^ T « m e a w »the601308 410 006 386see 3*2 464 078 006oaa200 828 000 003 080 288 283 807 394 067 000640 300 601 400 470 304 341 876 421 267 436 627 •816488*20 431 40,670 70,106last elec-428 2877 000 420 038 602beds oftrips to Southadvomcy^^A^nnttc OoceanWhile yeoar -correspondent, a I S native of East ntahwaisasa, OBfltocoMded, after s brief stronta, togold watch and chain. Hears restated the enbrts of Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 