 ,Secretary Ccbb, wito ills estimable l^y oa Ua aim, looked entirely comfortable niBler Ae Ha*^!^tmi?ms^^r^.,h^-\ ..---Ir- i St.»--T^fL. VL—4iQ. asoa.^««lf WASPHGTON.IXJr.-( c•.-1••' 'j^ J-:'«rss *5»-' :i.Mite-:mm>lyeeeh of I8M^ in wideh he asserted the doctrine of Southern gentlemen have songht to force an odtous faiis «h*]] bo tiBk Mpopular sovereignty. The Senator said his views had Constitution upon the people of a free Territory. Can vote to detetoi^ the rtcolt, he was ready to take denoe beeome* dtfiealtOBdergose a change, and pronounces all whose we snlnnit ? We are oppoaed to Slavery extenaioo the respomHrtfc. Be did aat iotead to say now It ketogsownooa,and toe House regularly opened, i[10tkaH«w-TorkTiias*.righttoreadlecturestotheDemocracyofOlilo. He SouthernmanorweaNorthernman;ed, and that Mesas. Clabs aad Asasia would have -It is at least patiently received, and ita earlier part is|'IWtoter. Tkecrowdwasnot soaaa-JMl "t-s great or a»jWAaaDOTOK, Wednesday, Jan. II.voted for tiin.IMltat iRieva to be parOeulai'lr gntifytng to the DmoeniSa wbo desire kannony.; it was protected by sovereign necessary for that end, the power of this great Em- mentioned to law protecting Slavery hi^in private how be would meet the toudly, at length, and wlto much vigor. On_Uie whote, lii* pototi are clear and his replies to the pur-aad!!loon* more IkanTbe President appeared in theas usual, to faultless tasto, wito tbe haps, of his Unen, widch exklMtedBaMME'Sad ^^*v.tiy OTcrwhelmlng majorities, but kava et gaalaed tke Convention, and will, no doubtsthe Territories was because slaves enough could nott>e spared l^m where they are now employed, andCongress was called on by some hocus pocus to make will commit the overt act ? The people would rise of Mr. HoucToir, and saM that what tbat letter pro-caau. wlicther toe non-tnterl^ence of Congreis to portions to tlie neighborhood of lUsoaob flpfMMaTA> ']to protect slave property to Um Territories would or were cordially received witoout fonnal pteatMalka, would not be, in his judgment, a sufficient cause for toe larger portion of toera being personaUy aeqaaiatr Georgian aeeesston ? To this no dlr^:! answer could ed with his Excellency, while toe gallant ft-. *»"% be ellciled from Mr. Gaxtsiu., wbo evaded the ques- was all smiles and graces as be annoasoaa ItiHt tion by asktegwhetoer Mr. HAsxn put forward the nadirs to Miss Lakx, wlio looked morequestion to his old diatacter of a Democrat, or as toe beautiful. If possible, toan ever bofoimoutopicce of toe Republican organization to widch dressed in a double skirt of white IDihe has lately transferred bis allegiance ? trimmed wito rosettes of the sanfo, aadUpon Lawane* M. Kanr rose to make to* with a profusion of toe richest dtnreiB. tills,followtog subtle distinction : That all toe National dress of flowers was toe subject of men on tbe floor, irrespective of private toction, could- her own sex. The personal attractiaoiuniteinrolingfur anyNationalcandidate,asbeing areatoncerecognizedby«T1trhninniiaikt(ii_ lilflacnaso the salaries of tbe Judges of the eastern and westan districts of Texas. Head and referred.Many private Milt were presented also.Let gentlemen address and I irill listen withwholetovaders." Ttdsmaystrikesomereltoctingpower.the effort,put through Congress, about a year and a half since, '*corn. liis shrill,clear voice isof the samehasof mine has ever been made In an unfriend- expression 1•• 'are to be respected, or confusion will ensue. constitution and law-abidtog State. Sir, with a popu-that the Houmas was a pretended grant, never recog. nized by the Government of the United Stotes, but, on toe contrary, denied ;" that the property purport- tog to be sold by Riaaroa was not his, but was reallyIt did not hurt the Nortb forSlavery to expand. He lationof millions tlueeIn herself—she sits with the iron crown uponrcvelaiioi;s at this timeii •had BO desire to thrust down the throats of there Slaveryherfloor through toe concession of our good (rtendDr.riiagiaMunfriendly isof her She believes In an equality neighbors."titles being confirmed anid recognized by toe United objectionsSlaveryNoMieniin Europe tbouetytonatly Ghoavn.g Wisi wa* tailse l"e"ademoflaws? property legallyoftlM Demoeratie Party and indorsed the views of emmeut under which we prospered—proved toe Court at toeJioabCourt and the patent which had been Illegally ob-combtog proces.s.Sir. Wbiobt has a courteoustike President. The Union was aState*. The Territories wei* jvoperty acquired by thesame time In speaKIner justpleasant manner, recalling In some aspects onr tra- "partners, portiontulringehdt-dcowmnedsyhIrt-col-aarortc Uuw tke g oai RejmUJcamand none had the right of exclusiveof Sie tale of the lands, and cut her off idea of"We, the people, formed tUs am opposed to tillsHouse by tbe election of a DemocratMr. Bonija said he had repeatedly voted for aditional stage- ideal of thebeen.^_.^,^ iuat,! talfartk ««partnersblpand wildaess which toeThe rest of toe fransaction is easily told. Subill gesticulations beingall tkeposssiiton. Simply to give tke Soutk the benefit of gqvemmenf [Applause.) Sir, I•*L-1 — -Ju-sC.'itSS^NBW-YORK, THURSDAY, JAN«ARY 12, 1880.aea ttSoothwasdrivento the last extremity. TheNorth greatstatesman,andtlien I united myfbriuneswith Mr.Haxik,olMarylmd,w1sk«t<kknowwherethe Ba^tkemaetrtaastiae inbad no benefits to derive from this« coarse. The the American Party of the North, the People's Party, one or two vote* wore to come from.-IBSouth never made elTorts to injure the property of the the Republican , or t>y whatever name it may be called. Mr. Hooaioa i iHalnaJ how the ^octioo could have vmoifmmBimam or coitgbbss. North. He respected honest Abolitionists who were The docfrines of tbat party are those of the friends Oi been effected.thtohOKUtioB o/faeU, BOThe. veritable Henss* *etaBi* aa* tiio|<limii» areBOW kere/thmofh their ageai*, riiaiaf yrwu*. saaoe rhetoric as Wn. E. '.ants, ofrf Ir. Bmo'»l^eecbIn theaO^iai^,'ivaiqrCongress, whote power was now invoked. The first act of the Legislature was to pass most stringent laws to protect Slavery—law-s so abhorrent, that thepire, slumbering between the two oceans in liei strength, will be invoked, and good men of all parties will unite In the wise, patriotic, commoa.caose of re-responsibility.Mr. HocsToa replied that ke Iiad always knownagreeably died, performed a nnmlier ofTbe Mends ot Hr, Dooous are exaltant to-sight•*ar tk* >a«s bem Indiana. His friends not only Senate bad to InterpoEe its authority to suspend theireaniad tke eooaties of Gen. I.iin, and Senators execution. The reason Slavery tiad not gone into lawfully, peacefully, quietly carried into the Presi- would shonlder toe responsibility and help to put a;ear withtotoebnildtog.Joaa B. HASxn, of New-York, aow rises to ask Gas-it ? Where will treason show it* front ? Wtio Mr. HaaaiB, of Marylaad, oombatted the argument iastnet in &Tor of Kr. Doceus, as niinois and Otiio more Slave States. He had always belonged to in their might to support the Union and laws of the posed was merely an experiment to tast the conductopposeIMTC dSB«. Mr. Doveus will be tlie second clioice tbe Democratic Party, was elected by it, land. [Applause.] Where does tke letter or spirit ofof KsalMkr. and tiad been recognized as a Democrat, the Constitution pres ;rii>« poUUcai tests, or this or Tko 0nate was in Ereenttre Sessloa only for a and till within a year past be had not changed )iit that doctrine for President of the United States few Btoaiasts to-day, and oonlinned the nomination views. His course was consistent with the doctrines or for Uie Speaker ia that Chair. One word of the Cincinnati Platibrm, which declared in favor in regard to my vote for Mr. Giuaa. That gen- of Mr. Coona, IKstrlct-Attoraey for Georgia. Tbe of the principle of non-interference with Slavery in tleman was a warm friend of Hixar Ctsr, and he isof two gentlemaa wlio have not yet had tke nerve to do what is right Tlie gentlemen of tbe Sonthem Op- position had aotking more to do than to act on their own conristlon of right nie gentleoBn from Ala- bama had no authority to q>eak for mt. Clau and Mr. AsaAia a* to tlieir eonrse.CaaamlMae oa Tgreign AAirs meet to-morrow mom- the States, territories, or District of Columbia. Mr. in favor of administering this Government according Mr. CujK, of New-York—He lia* net assumed any. iac aafVr. fAtnuna's nomination will be rejwrted Pcob's argument was designed to show that bis prio- to the views of that statesman. He is in favor of Mr. Culu, of Mtoonrl, said he tmderstood Mr.tack.ira& laisesomberofothers. Tka••pioeeediagS) to-day, indicatenothingthat doctrine which we cherish, and which every State true to her own interest will cherish, the greatHocsToa's object to be to brtog the House to a deter- mination oae way or tke other." "nearer to their own convictions than toe Repub-licanstbe Christian andpurity kindness of ker hAirtMklK'Tko* w«ra so dlspatdies reeeived yesterday from ordered to lie over. Executive session adjourned. laws because he a* tbegentlemanto make a oa his with- suggestion owsTespoailbiilty,Republican.Habiih, who site on toe side of the " impendiog IMouBA, and many otoers. Most of -fib*** guietied foreign gentlemen had their wive*,tta HeriM or Paeife sqofdrons, as was stated In a dispatol^flpaktkls city, nor say from New-Granada. Saek Moments are pore fabricatSoas, made to fill apspaer.Capt.ftaNoa's report o1 the survey of the routefroiB Caap Royd to Carson Valley recommends anSHmJIiilalkm of >1IO,000 to be expended between afaiat acaiPiltt'B Peak and Tirapanagoos, over his support also of the Republican Party, and a large part more than buy all the arms you have in Permsyl-out coiisnltotlon wlik any of tke eight Anti-Lecomp-taote to tke foot of tlie summit of Sierra Nevada, Id 'Lake Valley. This wiU be th« shortest and the ptiBCtp^ (Mte, aa a>e emigrant road £rom South Pas?of the Democratic Party of his District lie hail al- ways been a Whig, had cast his first vote tor Itsirar CiAT, had always cherished Whig principles, and re-vanla.Mr. Caxpbiu.—1 supposed tlie gentleman was In-dulging in a lilUe pleasantry, but I think a few statis-no harm. The oftics will do cotton erop Georgialess national than the reet lican side.)ored dark eyes, under dark, etraigbt eyebrows, and iHOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. WAsanroTorc, Wednesday, Jan. 11.Crisis," Is almost too well Itnownto yoorCity to need toat is, such as are blessed wlto !Be was a representative of the People's Party of Pennsylvania, and received theMt. GASTaaLL, of Georgia, (Dem.,)||\which prompted it.4hra^ seed only say, was entirely beraeU; tk^ogk aar-;''-of vered tbe memory of Mr. Clay. He claimed to behisMr. CMaxx remarked be broke the traces as seldom as he coold.of Georgia, ^ most intoresttng yoaag-to PslHiiili It faraiabes an abundantcnBaidwaiiBr. Col. Lmsm' roule, I understand, a national conservative, ready for any con- is 420,000,000. Against tbat the hay crop ofteemedHewfll be afeaadened.Tke ecutiactors optbe Saning been mixedupwiththe great questions before the country, his position in this body was an independ- ent one. His people confided in his fidelity to their interests, and he confided in their nationality andnumMr. Dxrox's statistics, I know no tiettt r (0,000,000; rye, (2,900,000; oats, (5,000,000; wool, buckwheat, clover-seea. each (1,000,0(<0, and soonpaitW taSanator whileoverland mail aia aboat to be noU^d to discontlnae, by which tbeprincipalcompanyLneeme and Lehigh that prtibabiy equalwell, wito very oioderate but graceful ges-accomplished granddau^aei at Saaa.* toiyCass. SecretoryToacarwa*imwial,aatSaek'Tsin.iiii»wiaretireIranservice.to of toe The belle of tJi^Vvan-neieesiockbolder. Thehmd toe wltocon-Iwta In TebKaiy. It is imderstood that ViscountQ. DMtinsrasmataa roasBiissocutxipxxss.]toetog, however, CoLZBAS,of Kentaeky,of Mrs. Senator Cbtttxbdkb, and a bVoade ef the^ t.on tke bench of the Court of Claims. tbe Among.Vmerleans, and In perfect good faith.1:21ill Mr.SaiEiiA.^ lOfiWAwneTO!!, Wednesday, Jan II. The I^sident has nominated to the Senate ex- Congressman Hceaxs, of Indiana, to fill the vacancyNecessary to a choicehas a thin, ner^ vous and wastetl fij<\ire. supporling a large, squar*Diegoair. home,Mr. liAiais, of Maryland, proceededA company has l)een formed here for manufacturing conservatism. He was satisfied from the first that no making tbe aggregate of agricultural products (49,- elected. The main, if not the <mly objection to Mr.Department savea 929,000.vine, wltk a eafltal of (100,000. Bon. Axo3 K%x- election could be made of a Speaker without a sacri- 0(0,000. The minerals of Schuylkill country, one ofMr.but which can be more reasonably accoiuted for on charge toe captivattog Miss Wait, from VUtlli^pi^fice of party preferences, and hence, whenH. Mauna, the now frcnch Minister, is expected with other members from Pennsylvania In from Lancaster County, alone, with the statistics of•au Is theiMBfiatesatlartke wild grape.It was an- nounced by Hi. Etbuidsx that Mr. Giuiik could be elected if tbe Democrats would go for him, he unitedgiving him their votes. any previousHe did so Georgia, of course in a good-natored way, whenever withoutCoDaeetlcnt DocoLAS,andUrestheretogoodstyle,todulgioga charge disttogulshedc^dal,contri^^adHe was astoo- idhed that the fact of Mr. GiiMia's liaving received Itepublicau support had been made an argument against him, and thought it only evinced a factious He iiad not voted for Mr. Giuies because he was an American, or for any other reason than hetiOD.Mr. GAaraxu^-When that time does arrive, I willbate, was resumed Whole number:select hospitality.BS5JA.IIN Stastox, ofOhio, wiio interpolates fre-i'pleasure wasMeivsesntog.spirit.the which it has to physical machmeryether confirmations, to-day, are those of Masssau, hud stated, and left Mr. Sukuas not because he Northern States of this Union.hea^T fordrive and work. He has short wiry gray hair raked that has been given by President BrcaAHAir, and tliecommended those resoluttons to the gentleman from Alabama, (Mr. Coin,) and assured him that Barnstablewhen on that side of the House endeavor gentlemenconnect my people vrith insurrection, and with Job:< Baovi's raid, we have no answer to make to such calumny. My people are proud, and sensitive, andIt is alleged to be a scheme on tbe part of a few politicalTbe mostto l>y you, statfaig toat I liaQ sever Doea tatlmeilthe management of my firm's liaaiBMatlMaeMllaHe deprecated the remarks of ills colleague, (Mr. Hicx-to obteinpossessionvery nearly200,000is not the only bright spot in the United States.Mr.Lm, of Ongon, (Dem.,)hitraduced a bill tp HAH,) wbo kad boasted of the eighteen millions of would scorn me if I consented to put them on thespeculatorsmen at the Nortlu All such Iwasts of strength only defen*ive on sneh a cliarge.\tended to alienate Uie North and the South, and to me:w^v^ »•widen tbe breach. The power of the people would be reserved for nobler purposes than that of fratricidal strife, and would be applied to those objects whichwith treason, to our proud national history, which has been opposed to aggression every-liistory of tbe pretended grant i* in itselfMr. Baova, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) presented « n\e-nualal far a eltarter for a railroad on Pennsylvania- make the Unton prosperous, happy and great He where.to truth.October. 1854, totallilatpetiod totereMad, aai a been most satisfactory partleadifference of opinion on the subject of ii* MtaH*- menthasneveroccurredbetweenMr.Moaaaaaad invself.avoanc, Wastiingtoa.Mr. Gaixa, of Missouri, (Dem.,) renewed bis re-agreed with Mr. Miles that no portion of the Confeder- acy can be subjugated by the other, and remarlts like these were lolAlly at variance with our common Anglo-aurkaaaMr. PooH's resolutious. Jurisdiction overIk* Tarrttoriaa was vested in all brandies of the t?uxon nature. He had faith In the perpetuity of the tbatjABix Stahtos,tosomuch tbat bemightFadnal SoTarBmaat, liavlng unlimited Union, coufiOence in the good sense of the oooe^Mhemof just but, of the two, EdwabdsTlw noreo of thiBftwer was a necessary and beyoad that, the benign Ruler of mankind, who ment and now threaten'aetdoBt tothe power to acqBn. He then proceeded watched over and led our fathers In darlvness and ad- tution. No amount ofto attad %t lengtk tbe doctrine of popular sove- veisiiy, will not desert their posterity. He depre- rescue the Constitution from thewhich sur- Tlie power possessed by tbe territorial cated the bitter words and recriminationa widch had rounded it, or restore the CJovernment to Its original gofomment was derived from tbe organic act. Con been uttered on tliis floor, and hoped they might now purity, and perpetuate it In tli&t form. Slavery was a blessing in every conceivable sense,reignty.and has to wait a — real of Ihc bill thn- dex- moment until rccolleclion returns; then,Tl:e otiier letter was dated "th of DeceotoerI.. Harris myself ha-s been severely oooaar Klorida. It states that had not 1greas could not delegate sovereignty by legislative begin tbe work of recencUla ion. —aet,aad if Congreas possessed no power itself to pro- Mr. Ca^biii,, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.) ritehBitt Slavery in tbe Tenltories, it could not delegate tbe purpose of indorsing the senUment* of those every ordeal except the friction and pressure tkat power ia a territory. If tbe doctrine of popular resolutions of the people of my State. These senti- of the Federal Union. No woader the Blackposes,'^ the nigger bt-ing terously hidden away to the words italicisedthin voice bre.-dts under toe excess iipoiiin my oppoeed the sale of FlorUa Railroad Boadl, lik. Ca-I forments have not been called in question en this floor,inestimatile to both races,will surviveon becomes He wound up a a resolu- This was not In several resolutions pend- ef the Dem- ocratic side waived toe ohiection, and toe resolution "IP. M. the HouseDBLL would have effected their ia ttadoa. negoUatloaThis Is untrue, as mv wishes were fanaatda taM*sovereignty shall prevail, then Indeed the South willb* to mla and (irea opaecttoM of the country, saying tbera must great State, that she is too great to be unjutt. Her enjoyment in Its highest perfection of civilization and be soaie Cooit of last resort where opinions position always has been, and ever will be, that of a free government.be liampered and hemmed inis true, always has been, and always No true man will doubt her fidelity to tbe onetlie Union isspeech of no partlcujarby presentingThis I not couldand if the views of theSenator from Vermont be carriad out, Slavery would will be true, to the Constitution and the laws of the the coll of tlie anaconda to Slavery, the Irrepres-become unprofitable and would have to be given and one or tbe other race most exterminate theorder,be the character of toedesay.aaea to tka deeieet of the Soprtme Court by ailplaceand indorse thejustandpatrioticeracyof SouthernStates, liomogeneousinpopulation;tothe European market, however un-He obedi- urgedsentiments ofthese resolutions. I want to say. Sir, for my own and pursuits, which would present to the world theup;land.and to the otherto produced supplyacteduponbut toecourtesyPeimsylvaniapreserved'."any wayoom- gentlementhe to abolish Slavery in the otkor, and tka fUrtot portion of the country bad tbe good sense and .patriotism to rise in hts Statea The remedy for present evils is a Confed-;and Irejoicethat my colleague haswant of constitutionalpowerandGEORGE PEABODY.—an among mountains,now as she ever has been, and ever will be, to thelast syllable of recorded time. (Applause.) Let noman she will embark t» a crusade against the saycontained In to* same ;powtc iingiaIOMt ,t -•- >'.terwards votingtke people of any Territory. Let them decide the her bead, God bless her, and she is for the Union Whole number of votes-must do it, because thethere. Is It too much to ask Congress for thistactlen ! Tlie Supreme Court has s^d that slaves the abominable heresy that we are coniederaM Scatteringcan bo taken isto the Territories and that they should States. She repudiates tlie old Idea of confedera- The House again voted.be protaeted. Ho next proceeded to state the views tion, it was the people who formed tills grand Gor- During tbe voting Mr. Mooaz, of Kentucky, said hebut toe legality Hauipthlre. and secondly by Mr. G. A. Gaow. Thesewhen come to form a Govern-Necessary for a choiceMr. Sherman, of Ohio, (Rep)Mr. Hamilton, of Texas, (Dem.)Mr. Gilmer, of North Carolina, (.\m.)Wm. Babisdali,Mississippi,questionmeat Wlio is to protecttlie Tmltorial Legislature enacttheyStatein the Territories ifrightsMr. Davis,ofIndiana, (Anti-Lecomp.)a proceeded. He has a peculiar appearance, being aor execute ;'herfrom aUsnlting from the acquisition, was nnfkir. The right there can be war by one part of the people of these not concentrate on their own nominee. He now votedanother. Ithatto hold slaves Federal Gov- United Invaders from was incorporated in the States upon another part.Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, concurred In tbe views in SBtagonisra to the pilncipiea on which we are all equally brave, and 1 scorn the idea tliat of Mr. BoTsus. He believed, from what has occur-social,politicalwhen restored to toe might privateoppositionare marked nagatidaen wttoBaowic; and toe Captam of a Cit^itd tUamer bmgkt over, "«> •«"' jincc,commercial andbenefits re- cannot for one moment admit inany contingencyIbBy SnSldimanaommeat, and the Government could not act neither section would live to come back. I believe,. ., ,,,. to havesaiiaicd the appeIt was founded. He attacked thedistinction t3etween the freemen of these redthat Mr, Booecs Is the choice of the Demo-UtbesfrnglipofBBOira oughtftMlgt^fSIp^-: are no. -^htkat ike Dred ScouHe now announced that he should gotbe Houmas grant confirmed by Congressly Hon. TacsTxs Poix, of Missouri, bsitog, on the5to January, 1858. totroduced a 'Bill to settle con- particular, and toeattOBfttostirup strife and DlGium andCirmKniutstand close to StoesswbQe 41k(a8«i£t?, »hopravf;;ra^inlvrarto_^ 1^naettoa or armed ttflw-^c^,police must be eatab- men, (ejolctnginunconquerable Anglo-Saxonblood.Democrat who could be to vote for a Demo- expectedBxsjAim, as Chairman of toe Committee, reported points and hunting out quototlons.Great attaattm is memken la gnatUlilted „us, be "up and dressed,'' StatM.;;decisionattackedtliepoweroftbeand allblood, allcratic.firmed private land claims to toe^tate of Missouri,"b>_ tut. {tl* only toe poiiUoiaiis .«.»° "|(,^e gaStoi Opposition generally. ?««?: •( !«"'•«' "K^ei^rS^Twre'akttoSTerrllorles, and pronounced it anequalmanlyback to Mr.Booocx,Sontoemlisfeedftoin'tte Afluitic to the Pacific He would not A* didstand andcrowdaroundtlia upargumentanyhere,exhausted bis The main and final- spirit.of Mr. Waiaar'saffectedone section maldngwar uponDemocrat,andsition to the extenaioBthere isgreat.States, tlieirfree,independenttheir Anglo-Saxonmen of-feeling^itek wa» destroying the commerclai interests of or anywhere, that cowardice lurks in any bole or tion.Party.in8tatn aa weU as theand stand him until tbe action byempireforThe vote resulted as follows."of the States under the laws, and never did indorsepro- 6States," andto toese facts Mr. Sudsu, made affidavitto ills answer to a suit commenced by RianToa or hisassignee, for payment of the purchase notes; but the round fair face, ucstitutc eitocr of beard or eyebrows, of the whole gang." Hcbtcb Is i; it was tbe labor had voted thrice for a Democrat, but he should now of of their hands. They weie not satisftod with return to his first love, Mr. Gilhu, and stay there un-as no intmtiontU fraud on Ricbtob's part bad beenformation, living language,walktog gentleman"—his all of toe order.her politiciansbeggars. I havesay toat fmt tpevhnen* ef WWand trueat tbe North courage. 1 would not stultify myself by saying here of the caucus shall indicate a different course of ac-tkat aaetio^ It was necessary that there should be a comer of tliis land. We are twenty mlUions of free-Mr. HousTOK replied to Mr. Borzuta that every on toe 12to March to toe same year Mr. Johah P. Lcems Q. C. Lamab tits behtod Wxioet, tonMMagbiddingbrotherswho namementionedbut with emotions ofpatrtotismand have been within reach of an election by one or tw)SroBss, Tennessee, a Tatbar tall aad lors snd rivals at )'J"£u field-even BreaAicAii to«?"j^ themises. They were oppoeed to the repeal of the Mis- souri Compromise line, which was the result oi Sou'Ji-eial errors, aul said that Mosa*. B«e«, Nizoa aad ntatM are being canvassed, and we »hf^|^alil^fMr, PuoH of Ohio, (Dem.,) replied to the remarks of all its length snd breadth, stands not to-day npon the ments shall be ooBiblBed again*! tke aomlnee of tlieMeaaa. Ivaasoa and OaaxK. Tbe latter while pro- compromises of IBSO? But Southern gentlemen have Rep4b)teaiifhaforone,andthosewhoactwithpudiatingany\i|clpieswere consistent with those of the ClnoinnatiPlatform and the Kansas-Nebraska act, wtuch wererecognized tests of Democracy. He denied tliat the American docfrine of protection to American lalrar, Mr. Claxz, of New-York—DoX nsderstiad tke gen-ksTBBdttMito^aaripationofpartiestopreventany Kansas-NebraskaactconferredontheLegislatureof Americancapital,Americanenterprise,American tlemantosaythatwhentheAnti-beeomptoBitesshallwhereas, any man who wouldpreciatedmoitbytoaaewlioknowherbMt .t*.^-yfor the«ii«niialt«a Vitas ts no troth in tke rumor that the Kansas its powers. It only recognized and confessed agriculture, and mineral resources, against foreign combine on any national man he will vote for him? Repttolican candidate, for toe same reason, must A-moDg the members of tlie Fora^BipaMti tin tkttk eirUHoadontaig Hr. Shssmas. This its existence. Without concluding, he gave way for lalior, foreign capital, foreign worksliops aad fabrics. Mr. Claxz, of Misaoari—I will vote for any man yo« Bn^ rriy on> TMty-play among Democrats and a raoticn for an Executive s/>sslon. I voted for tbat gentleman with the greatest pleasure outside of the Repobllcaa Party whenever my yoit Saatk i^aoiicaas is sinqily rldlculoas. A resolution was introduced, to go into the election on two ballots, because he is a patri it in favor can elect him.of a Printer at 1 }< o'clock on Monday next, but it was of the Unton as It is, and of the Conatitutton and Mr. Cuix, ofNew-York, sa^ this compelled liimthereafter be reckoned a Rspoblican. In otoei Corps present, I noticed Baron Gaauwvof words, that a Democrat could vote for a Sottto Amer- now'Dean of toe Corps; Chevalier HcuaiiABa, ican and still remato a Democrat ; but that any Dem- said to entertato a lively recollectieo of tin la ocrat who should vote for SacaaAii, thereby became a retary Maecy; Seiior Txsaba, 8eR*t Mara,; is; yesterdayfrom Tennessee (Mr. Stous) proclaimed' him to lie.an unflinctiing friend of American industry. Now, a ton Democrat*. It appeared to be certain that no Le- few words in reply to the gentleman from Georgia, cempton or Antl-Leooaqitaa Democrat could be|Mr. ScEANTOH, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) desired (Mr. GASTaiLL,) wlio said yesterday tttat one cotton elected. The American* wen tke only party whichcould concentrate tlielr vote on a alogla man, and, in conclusion, he declared his readlnes* to vote for Mr. ETHxaisea.Mr. Class, of Missouri, said be did not expect bis namesake to select from the American candidates onea man of middlMfl^t^ middle age, or somewhere topresenttSoecmroesttary of ForeigandASaistia ia Maxtor 'H^ among attractive, tadyafaa^Mir totellectual acquirements. Mr*. Seaatar <to explain his vote for Mr. Giuita, and the motivescrop in Georgia eonld buy all Pennsylvania.I wasto the gentleman's colleagae, (Mr. HicxxAir,) and meant to say that one cotton crop in Georgia wouldthe neigbbotkKPoaf 40, stoutly-built and muscular,wlto very iij^k brown hair reaching low down on hisforehead, a dark frtoge of whiskers round toe cheeksand cbto, florid and vigorous complexion, steel-col- rcnnded with a galaxy of distinguislied giiiilkaniliwas estimated11 5,000,000smallinMly, tha kaka*last census atcessions for tlie public good, and never hav- Pennsylvania amounted to (10,000,000 per an- ETHxaiDoa.nuaiber,day bybutwltlioutdistinction to Ills air.supplyGsuux, on the part of the Democrats, was that some Republican* liad heretofore voted ior him.Mr. STsvsas—I wont again vote for Mr. Gnaxa.[Laughter.)Mr. Hamus remarkvd one barat leaat k** thus beenremoved.consultation with the South wehavetimeandopportunitytodiscussthatqjes- Thevoting,whichwasinterruptedbytheabovede-any;perhaps itwheat, (l>,000,Oao per annum—these are —com,the leading anthracite counties, amotmted in IRSa totherectangularhypotoesisjusthtoted. Hecertainlywhile a distinguished Senator lA' promenaded ^iut(20,000,000.I wtil compare the agrtcultnral productions, the ironspeakstake great pleasure in stiowing the value of thewhile Gabtxill isbead. In which toe brain-molive-power appears tooback from the forehead; diy, wrinkled cheeks, an-pro, Georgia, that the Southern States, notwithstanding they are In the minority in this Government, export more than tlieqnentlyspeaking,I would desire to notice a naasberducts ofand will demonstrate the factMr. IIaultoxMr. GiuiXKMr. Dath, of ladiana Scattering"5 25 8"type. presentat toe firstby fair, manly argumentromancejI;\(»4t0w0,0w0v0pleasure. I make noofcharges complicityminds—first, astoverybad tasteand, secondly,Republican cry is,forceHon whicB be asked to have read.But to reply exceptshow thesecondly, tbe basis and motives ofthe remedy for the evils people, wMch have Impaired the Integrity of the Govern-Mr. PoOBtopresentconditionproceeded public opinionlution. Hehasagreatgeneralresemblance to Bxa.offederate systembe taken for bis brotoer-toie only potots of difference being, toatopinionaad,thirdly,ter referred to, myselfand more promment by toe length halfa-pepper- way iLe\er) steamers, is utterly untrue. No act or;and has a nosehe wears gray side-whlskcrs, longermoat and shall beble conflict" doctrine waswith schemes or;topointfirm on toe l*t of"A call of tbe House was bad, wlto the view of af-;Mr. Florence, of Pennsylvania, (Dem.)shortish, thick-set, handsomely built man, witoCourt held toat toe notos must nevertheless, be paid and surmounted by a crisp, towny and puckeretdo crDp letters to toe van Buren winbut upon its face the til he should Snd that his vote could organize the placedextravagancej,Ii|i)1live offSpeaker.,>but It was unreasonable to expect him to continue to do so, when Democrats themselves willmany years ago, employed his now cillcague.P. BxaiAMcr, as one of the Attorneys for the HoumasClaimants, but toe claim was agato defeated In picture of tofor Mr. Gtuin.'be supposedcircle.recall the palmy days of Chablxb Mattbbws, lieforeI fallowed the of the illus- cratic nominee, with the exception of Messrs. Cuax my oolleagoe, flagbaek the hi U to toe Senate wlto the captioa only oused by toe canlTovers>,andtheBe assured tost T0»', governor toe no.^ioadon.'o envious compeU- your tW,'" ',',,e,.t be has as In the Norm,defiance trioos Hinr Clat, of Kentucky, and never tiear ills and AnsAia, bad voted for Mr, Hamltoh, who wouldtligktly altered, and wlto a second clause totroduced,ha» ing for object to transfer nearly two hundred tboo-saad acre* of toe best and meet thickly settledjand Id I<onisiana to toe few gentlemea wbo had bird-fare, of the tyf* hAlf-hawk taif-vulture. Heimltato the Senator from Georgia byto the North. lie looked upon them aswere Blsguided, and not aware of the consequen>-.es admiration. 1 foltowed tbe flag of tbe gallant Clav votes, if the South Americans, w ho voted for wUck would easue from their conduct, and that the imtil it was folded aad laid upoa the breast of that I aia, had come over.—replying|subversion of the Consti-:Nxw-YoBK, Deoembei, MHt There Is a conspiracy m tku State to 0*a. w- H"is£'« Ike Tk^atfltaat etoe-;jer, Messrs. Briggs and Morris, (Pa.,) voted with theBoatkem Opposition for Mr. Gilmer. Mr. Davis, ofladUaa, received the votes of Messrs. Allan, Barr. and lunqualifieUly condemned. He had reason to I tliink the whole cotton crop of the Southern a sore throat Tliis rooming he intends to telegraph Gaow's difficulty, he appears in practical command, toe positive statements of the Herald conoeraing U*II. SiiiiH as Consul to Coostantinople, and Hsaar N. Mnua as Postmaster at Detroit.Adjourned.Onr WashlagtoD CerrcspondaBce.Cwsptt, Cox, Howard, Montgomery, Morris, (111.,) aid Rlggs ; and Mr. Winsipw got those of Messrs. Dimmick and Maclay. Mr. Davis, (Miss.,) voted for Mr. Bocockfor bis physician, a bomceopathbetog in tois respect toe counterpart of Waseix bnsiness affairs:;Mr. Adrain for Mr.toan speechjjiagement of toe bustoess of my tata had been(N..i'.,) Reynolds.Adrain,G., referrtog very to what was said In a former by Jous HicxaAii, to toe effect that toe " North would notpoTKJt secession on toe part of toe South,"—Mr. HicKiiAX toereupon rises to his seat to explain, and at once toere descends on the Houses mantle of toe profoundest sitence. This is caused by toe feet that toe whole drift of Gae»«ili'8 speech hasTko United States Agricultural Society to-day •ddod President Bucbakax and Ex-Presidents Ttlsb and Tax Bbxu to their U8t of honorary members.SENATE.Wasbdioio:*, Wednesday, Jan. II.enj^y.that at all times, to the last syllable of recorded. never been able to understand, the maaa^aia mt tm New-York /frro/if have, from tlie time Ilaaded la iutrodaeed tato litWaaesota, from tlw 4tb March, 1899, and he was dalyawora.Mr. iTiasoir, of Georgia, (Dem.,) introdnced a bill le UMBd the act estabildilng tbe Court of Claims. ,thejustrightsofeverysectionoftheConfederacy.He WeboldtheideaIn scornand No perfect contempt;leadmy wbichtoey refer.loved him less, but because he loved good order more, and wiehed to extricate the House and the country fioni their present difficulties. He believed there wasMr. Cavpbxu.—I amto Itnow that manufacturinghasher own^^^^^^___no man more high.toned, honorable and con-gonethere.CorrespoBdeaee*accusation against Iiim was his indorsement of tbe Helper book, which he (Mr. Scraktok) unhesitatinglyshow that the grand aggregate productions of my State reach the figure of (200,000,000 per annum, andyou regretfined to tiis room in Willard's, seriously laid up withfirmness, or the habitual suppression of nervous agl- totious. He has a clear, ratoer shrill voice, and his chief gesture is a raising of toe right arm and open hand above his head. On the Republican side, sinceTEE HERALD.Tlie Baltimore American publishes the fotiow-know that Mr. SuxjUtf ah was ready to make a full and complete disavowal of the obnoxious sentiments of that book upon a fitting occasion. He was not the exponent of the Southern Opposition, but he was not aware that there had been any afiiUatlon)or intimacy between them and the Republicans in the House, be-Hi. Ricr, of Minnesota, (Dem.,) presented thecredentlaltof Moans 8. Wnjmsoic, Senator from Constitution and the Union, and the maintenance of in tbe Union. That don't enter into our calculation.Mr. Clark,for Mr.andmakingtmder a wiseled to Mr. expect.theutualcourtesiesof Beadmitted gentlemen.yondtheir high order of talent and sound patriotic Unionloving .sentiments. Be caused to be'read the pro-ceedings of a Union meeting at Wilkesbarre, Pena.,and indorsed to the fullest extent tlia resolutions, sive power, or that these elements are to be employed which proclaimed the warmest attachment to thetaken some towards steps;The Mail Contractors continue to throwcontracts, finding it <mposs£t>ie to continue tbe serviije,tkrongk the failure of Congress to maice appropria- servative than Mr, SBxauAS, and scarcely any ment of the people, but when comparisons are to be LERIES— TERSONAL SKETCHES or COSOEISSMBN. the lips variously considered indicativetions. member of the House who had done less introduced, let us show where the States stand. Wa9bi50to», Tuesday, Jan. 10, 1860. la Ike House to-day, <hi the second vote for Speak- to keep up tl>e present agitation. The only Statistics are wholesome. I will pledge myself to JoBK COCHRAXE, vriU to hear, is con-and meantime is re- ceiving all the attention wliich troop* of friends can bestow. Hi* colleagues, Bau and Maclav, spendour Red-bearded Indian will probably be able to resume bis aeat by theof the week.1^'blle yet the House has not assembled, it beingnow only 11 A. M., let me ask, Have you ever re- ceived any light on the Houmas Land Claim, whichforerunner.uptheir—TBI HOt:MAS CLAIM TBI FLOORbehtod cheek-bones; a short, prominent highproductions.some mechanics havemy countryFKOM THE GAL-time, 1 trust my State,withall herresourcesand alltheNew-York to IS5fi,frequentlyand articles aa reflecting upoawill lie found on the side of the Constitution and the law*.gladly hailedandcolumnsgladGeorgiaprotected by anybeardverj- deep seteyea,entrenchedI know that fromownThis is a Govern-nose_ and a large, straight mouto, wito toat compression of eltiier ofStates Is only (155,000,000 to (185,000,000 jxt aanu<a. Now, Sir, I wlU do this to show the progress w* are:— governmentWn<fLOW, on behalf of toe Democracy.Gaetull's speech conttoues, and Is much better[jj|j|,Lonsos, Friday, Dec. S3, 18S*. In your lale letter you say a paragraph ia tlwnew spapcrr, stattog my dissatisfaction wlto tke ito show the power all tbe States are reaching under such a'gov emment as we In conclusion, I desire to saykerI don't roferto thlstnbject as an eleinent of aggres-improvement,people,Union,;paragraphsto compel any portion of our great nation to remainsuggestionuntiutofutoess toroughout I have altoough aok;in his could opinion,decidedlywith regard to Ihis Company, altooughperilsandThe Federal Union ;—itWhen!"constituents or State could be tovolved.On gotog deeper toto toe matter, we find tbat manyvears ago Senator Johh Slisxll was induced, by the brilliant repreaentatlon* of one H. WnxLAMS. to pur- chase an toterest of about 22,000 acres to this Houmas claim from a Mr. A. F. Rioaioa-Mr. Slidill givingpaijics got up<or qnesuouable mSywho ha\c charge of them.Very respectfullyUntcumenMvery thin man, bald-beaied, loa^noeCd, and wlto aSi iMi L and < ;«'" ,.. •• an Itir .</y, oeif"'itledDotr.ji.-^•7" aiuay'.'G221 Ill 10881 19 4 3of tol!transferwascontested—firstbyEdwabds,ofNe nomtnatiAiytn- PmHeney.-^ka*aehestofioiaieaaeHewBiuaa, to-klm—toat of ike MoAKdaa ^- fMt a* well as a good alUieraOao.iDisled, and osed by designing poHUcians. Re ap- the Unloa and the Constitatlon, «ith all Us oompro. Mr. HauuTepHed that Mr. Hoosiaa tmit made sev- - HAar iJi RoMAiTA Toionaa. Hie wk«l« MIy SioKB* most be aa irrasisttoie CBMeatkapealed to his former Democratic friiends in the Repub-lican ranks to return, and urged harmony in all thebranekea of the Demoeratie Party. Re bad confi- em votes and counsels. They maintained tbe Com- au, could not kaaakaeaoMMMaB for Mr. HAxn^dence in tbe American people. He would " hope on promise of 1820, and indorsed all the compromises of toi.and hope ever" fat the perpetuity of tbe Union and ISSO. Did we ever violate them t Can you lay yonr Mr. Claii, of Mew-Tork, referriag to Mr. Hods- iveto the nutter, and documents iiii llnJnilgX *i'< oiraalf, a«d- la kit,AMrck iatt Ike Constitution.) band npon the record and say that Pennsylvania, in tor's reieraaea to him, repeated that whenever the ele-r. 9taHbw-«f Oklo, replies to Mr.taithe aad of aldiDf the enemy. Be read Mr. Ivxason'a the knife and revolver, and every species of wrong. Mr. Aaaanniiiiatnartlkat wheathopodttoaofaf- be (O, aad tke raaion are Bore than usually posttireMoaait, of Peaaaylvania, wko kad veltd for Mr. Ga- kav»MhI* Honma* claim as tke ttit **rial dissection, whenever ptfbiie biulkiMiiMir kotrl»t«>i«*UytMslinai. Salaawithdraw,andthattoefesslag to secure peace in the Deoocratlc Party, bad gone a long distance beyoad tlie spirit of these will be ready to-tteet tbe responxibmty of thefr posl- trate with toat of the Anli-LeoamptoB mas at Jaaii erattc pnkat'. - "qienly aoensed tke Senator from Illinois and lilmaelf compromises. Wo stand where we did in ISSO. tloo. He kad t0^ said what course he would pursue. Hicx]iAH,of Pennsylvania, wlio eertaialy ippawt to maO clone aad i With attainptlBg to create a disturbance in the Party Sir, I wobld resist the rule of aggression, the law of Be was prepaid tad Strang (Dough to moat the issue. be<lieable*t man oa the Rapubliean side. TUsaiayN-.if tbe people elect a Republican, an American, or even a strict fol- l^MIfr. Deo«U8 win not reply to the on slaveholders by the people of the Territories? lower of tlie rule of aggresaiens, North or South,wliat his coordt watM lie.Mr. Lucius jDHiot GAXraau. of Georgia, describedThe festive season of the ITaiiaQalopposeit witliin and un-desired to know wtiat outrages had been perpetratedTbeLegialatnresofNewMexicoaadUtahpasaedalaw President,wiioererhemaybe,thatmanwilltake frolledbybutone(ilng,aadthatismyownjudg- propertytt Beaator Gun, and the Pi^mlar Sor- recognisiag and protecting Slavery. The Legislatures Ills seat In the Presidential chair as certainly as the Kigilj debate laay therefore be oomridered closed. of Nebraska, Oregon or Washington never passed a sun rises. He will do It lawfully and peaoefully. Iffail:gave foil roOBi for ecjojAitet to toa».i ij ^' \>t'nyr\----^,him,Rep<toUaanvote wWoaae^- atDwhostaM d|nM, 'tflito show that Mr. Giiaxs—a Southern and nattonal man—oould beibrcignhis accomplished and beauttfol partoer was fte Bismuch of their time with himbis associate captain on the floor, is frequent in his \1sits and consultations, .\lready there are signs ofcloseor toe and budne** til personally, on position Wfhouse, w itoout the least regard to iiscts. Tlieii Lon-don correspondence (or letters bearing date of Loo-is now attracting so much attention In tills city ?bated breato, under toe Impressionto a collision.ty of toe moment and his calm, measured words are to admirable contrast to tbe occaaional rant wliichput youtightis dated Septembar 1, relmatofacres of the choicest lands in Louisiana—lands longsince occupied and under cultivation by the grand- ftithers of tbe present tenants, and now to possession of, and supporting, more tium 500 families. The earlyimportantwMkaof pcrplextog interest—a claim based on alleged "copies" of title-deeds, with no originals behindand it is most curious to follow, step by step, the various agencies which have converted a possibly as to the real character of our con- 'valid claim to about 3,000 acres on the Mississippi toto the present monstrous land-grab of a prtocipaUtytliem;worth many millions.Condenmed again and again by Government Con-jrress and the Courts, this Houmas Claim w as finallyto <tioii with toe Timet, "Bank of Eagland," and tlie Gal-;and WAaais Wi<isvov,< nientcd u|9on, &c. For some motive, wMck IL_by the insertion of a second clause into a Bill toprovide for th^ location of certain conhrmed privateland claims in (he State of .M'sso;iri, an-ifur nthrr pur. Now and tlien he loses himself, now andSo per- fect was the deception to this case, that even Tboha: G. Dathww, then and now a member of Congress from the Honmas district gav* ids vote for the meas- ure witoout once suspecting that any interest of bisalso, ofatvariousdates. Beforethey became due, however, toe acute Senator became con-"" title held and possessed by persons having completefrom toe French and Governments," saia Spanishcesslve votesthe nursery-rhyme—notesforthepurchase" WIU walk toto my parlor, youit was hailed wito roars of laughter and of course tabled.-'.'•'vinced toat toe vendor had no title to part with4c.,"—thatJobs V. Wsiobt, of Tennessee, toen obtained theterms of toe scheme extdblted.Uncle X arouailof ordered to be delivered up toe "little had-'null and void." and " for cancelment" Sint-espeech arrangement"tained toerefor, was declaredtoen. many Senatorial elTorts have been made to get VzsTsisdted, and ere(12,000/l» attiUianpurposee. SomeofaeaniltHMaiistalk freely, ssyintfh»t_»»numbers Wa. B.qiea^en. andof is „: Charieslon. n as welllilaiwki^waBldconeaiatees to good earnest Several gentleaeaaa M* ^oviiway,aBdttit baUerad tkat oa ftaIng extensively circulated.«aiy,««jcbii««nfli)WhlMt^.alao ^aaa' There is a rumor to-day tkat Joaa Soaasua win Davte. i>*iM> KdiM^fciwi. tki|— weIwv*luHlto teqaire Us and Mr. Cuax>8 tmt so many of a like nature that era-y»— kaatkat' IfebtVaSaV^fv Mr. Housrov repealed what he first said, adding yesterday, is giren tbe floor, and proceeds to deliver was regularly toangnraled tU* nfat^ Vi-.tigtillr--. L->views have not undergone a similar revolution Abo- and aggression, but we willlitionists. The Senator, by his own confession, was der the Constltotton and the laws, tkrongk the liallot-outside the Democratic Party in 1SS2, and had no box and by lawful means. We believe, if you elect a that he tietievod Mr. Baannaa eonld have been elect- tke ^ecbsnppretaed yesterday l7p«r*istentvotmg. levee at tke Evecntlve Maaaton—Bw totMr. AssAiK r^aStiked:aaoaoal, owing^ to* weatkat Mid ttsddefly directed towards aa ehMddatiiai of tha legal It is evident I can be con- quesUuns tovolved ia the protection of slaveto tlie Teiritories. Bement ^ sional toterlcRDGC wherever Territorial law m^{ IMr. Claxk said to Mr. Horsvox that lie had never to give adequate security. Growing excited, lietalks Atno time doriag tke evaaing ware tta {Mr. Claxx to possess some fine qualities of head andman of faith cannot be heart and tliereibTe it was believed tbat Mr. Clakx anythe Idea tbatdential Chair by the voice of the people. Who will nattonal man to the chair.[Lasghter on tbe Repub- Mr. AskADT wonld say to Mr. Claki, of New-York,at least to have consulted withthat he oughtfriends, who, thoughday to be growing ie**, liefor* be nominated Mr.;jptoif there be aoythtog lacking to toe logicalMartoe Bandfavorite operas of the day.posesequence of his proposition*, it ispercsatra certato, lliat his power of lung is proved on Uie dram of every jfor I description for home consumption but for the benefit to say the bachelor list contains •*Teial ft t^triof readers in other secttons it may lie noted that he is names. Mrs. Mata, daughter of Beiior TTns'm*,features a good deal recalling those of a well-to-do Irish Ikimer, wlto a trace to him of toe Crom-iswellian stock. Uasiir always neatly dressed,|{toat Congress could, to itsmake no draft on his strtmg box. 1appears almost tovariable to a blue body-coat witometal buttons, velvet collar, black vest and trowsers,patent-leather boots and rectangular stiff shlrt-col-iars, dotog mischief by toefr potots to toe lower lobes ofbis'ears. Thislatter circumstancegive*ids head an uneasy, jerktog movement—which some people at-protectionCobb,;tribute to tbe prickmgs of his political conscience of toeeventog.TaoioSoa Secretory tad Inturesand he has toe art of arresting;toe attention ofithat itHicxaAS certatoly towers to toe digni-— tilsopponent'smanner GAanni.declaringand tothecziitaofMSTrHB events durtog previous —disfigures"Itist toe very cow-boys and bondmen of the Southcould beat back Slaveryas provtog a little too mu<A for toe Soutoera planters.On toe conclusion of this oration, Thomas M. E»- WAans, of New-Hampshire, rose to introduce a reso-characterthe more nervbus and nervously-harassed phi/si'jut.ly .•piriltlha? beeii uiifortunalf !y managed. tJiinJitoere tog and notbetog already.hisIts^ excitement,as toe " more and moreforon him.bislegsprganiztag";i!;Ij .:,and I offered himtion wotdd^jostify, short of recommendtog tlie bend*and necessity impressedhelairiyquivers;was found to be toat atshould commence voting and not slop until toree sue-regimentetwotmkiamt»tois reflects npon my partoer, Mr. J. 8. Mtaata.Ibegweretaken. ThissoobviouslyrecalledPresidentialDIacleoarea. From tke Richmond Enfuirer.ofwere overruled, however, and Mr. Wbiqhtof hair, which must offer serious obstaclesany andand toere are other Boutkem menagingiy of the Governor, saytogti her share of toe United States r'g-al- 'his shaved cheeks, broad,Ig men to their oppo- while tbe otter's is secret, ofiSaaera, to tois cityandlar, heavy watch-chain " rapidutterance what the hero to Patter r». Clatter"resemble,Ills voice, tone and totense rapiditybodyatiaclu is directed against iJTOXxs, of Tennessee,;;the House, lie has a liandsome, old-fatoioned dwell- tog in fine condition. Senator TsoMBtah aad lady,,and Mrs. Senator of tog to tois city, formerly toe residence of Judge ' Dnos,aaderwere pointedly and bitterlymanybeen a dlsttoctsgatost toe Republican Party; and toe re. ply which HicxBAK give* is listened to wlto jdally,"may|(k«r>anpolBtiof good htonorciaticadvocatesCoggie*- stieet^whickkeptHW»ftt>e<««W*iithat I bad put my veto on a tranaaeUoa of toese Ana- axBcr, Stosx * Co.. which wa* abootbefwllfc ]'ia«'>giving;?/:-••*.''^^i^•*^ {'IH« TIMTyiutsavmi, Taeaflay, Jtk. W^Mit'* ^j*fIITEI AT THt W«mi W^lflf^''under thelog of several beaux. Mrs. Cbbou and dai^i^^of Mrs.w ere among toe ladies who seemed to begentlemen bavtog about toem a SirnXLL was mortog about a£ one fromtoe ofarichestof but tiie latcncs* offlia hour forbids. The levee was liy far the most plfaniltotoerslivie,season is now considered as toirly opened. A graad dlimer party at Secretary Cass' to-day was a kijid of.TTie ball has evidently opened. Q.BognslioudonyE. UEORUI PEABODY BEFTTES TUX SLAHSnS OTtog letter from Mr. Gxobcz Pxabost, to relatian toof physica! cowardice don) has been characterized by the same feeiiag <( i||thoughtadvisatjle topubliclytkeia,I and Baltimorefriends onmatterslacontradictwill now notice three of toose tetters, and tketelif'toto flowr an auduvtaonuckek ouifdisttoctly to state toat It has not toe leaat foandaltoaandjoined my and sincedated 2Ttoin a letter so far as iStepfteemmibdesr,success,to toe British public.connect my nameeverymj (0*1- do, nor do IMr. Moboastolowing extract from a private letter snsae af4ke -'\Vc have received permissionpoblishtlia-tion was allowed to go by default for tha porya** o*•DorcLAs aione canport Jobs Yah BcEiB said, only ye*tetd«y, "tkat- qd*'sbowtog tbatgetaoa-.<rebellionthat notoing answered bis purpose butwhile thepartner*,presentwa* toasaJstoanetroly yours._msiawha*ourI. . .the whole mat-iM-y^d> tr '>::<nr|^ ^.j^ ,„ ' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comfe^ttUEaUbafaikiiiilMdii Mb .^Im i^la