^ ?<«' S" w^tmmp^'ttrr'm'ir ^trflP"w^ Tr-T^P^ k TWW!"i*!^ »^»r^ wma 7!^M^ptqiB sganss>T1BBT.AL BEPOBTS.gos*-OCTiqp pBFABTaneiiT.<l)c ynp'goricPi«UMt,tte aalB beta and teatoraa ofwtilchweA* MIowinc abatiaotOaflNMtt of Jaae, lait, tbera were In operationhwel^IZ rL;.yTt 5lutiSJJ"i^*i^depredaltoas an co«oJalL-WS|tt« fet:and tie euali actora numbered 7,«4i. la ertlmatad at •MO^aithat the Department naeda ttieae ^putea as sources from which to make up the defideneiea which the ne-the payment of theproceedato the Cherokees.from general for the service appropHatloaaner^^C: are doing weU, with the exoepttoa of iSiT .SSSshould be as bllowa BdtWilBlaad.Cuh. I 6.j_312toe settlementtoe furtoeranceacresSea:United StataaJplaB^..^Total..-. ..;precedingyear.of land bave been acquired, for which toe Govern-I,cessityofdeliverieaindtles wiirtw Inoreased only$50,000 reiary,Ktokapoo*Pennsylvania, Dela- wu» ud Manlmnd The new service, as in opera-aSt^^^lSSitsiplimbtT, contained 31,819 mUea SJiSiTf^SalSLportation 11801,901, and tkac5l£io&f*of June I"*, there were in the serviceraUMrlnv(leadaptedatiaBaadthia^liBai-not consummated on accountStates,Is^-Commtaafoaer alsotablishlng a fort althin ofnear the Umlte of the Ctor-'IttrBtateaofNew-Jersey,nesa oommonl^ leganl the ayatena la tUa Ugkt he the extravagant price demanded for the land. Since zailun of laud aistrtcl, of wnich toere is none iuthe togetoer Inadequate to present necessities, as 1*dtea figtuea which show that the amount of the return, however, of the C^ommlstioner, the In- Territory of Dacotah or Minnesota. shown by frequent requitmona and orgeat applications4r4«Sto a^nts. at a compensation of....»J72,240 «,47» 288,9488.100 »614,T«78,908,710were or 30 S-10 $10,83817,oenL for Departa.ent,perfect4,*^iiS^^atacompensat^olIof 1448aaaUmessengers.^........ «8rallioad baggage-iaaatera la charge of the ^ressmalls.at a compeaaaUon ofTotal. -.TUa amount added to the ooat of service asta operation on tto Sllb of June Makes tto total a« the' 90th of Jane lastperyear1857. ThisexhlMtaafalllncoffIntheaumberof ofthepublicservice..t9i423,47T Tha whole nnmber of Post olBcea in the UnitedreglaterlngtbelrTataBfele6t.9acres. In the servicehas Oregon surveyingimiversallyconceded that of this weaponsSlatea on the lit da; of December last was 28,552. XM aipwwlltiirea of^the Department for the fiscalcun. Themtad ta tt»,ir0,W> M, deductions for traoa- poi^attan In 18M, aadparinentsiiadar other heads of appoiinatloDaiarI8W,laaviagthaactualexp'e^ndi- taAlK IMS $14,874,773 80.iaoc j agiof deristnaaome idancure the conveyance of all valoablea commitled toof caveaU filed Number of June £15, ib60, to have toe boundary between Oregon will render soldier eflteient In their use. WhilebelaonwadfDlaK the year, aa eomparsd with the pre- vldM^e(4«iiira2 85.nacover 2,51U,0MI aciea, ol whichseveral practicable wagon routes, valuable In connec-dtate measurea for their relief are recomaieiuled.:.:postel—railroads, schools' accounts, in surveys, to foreign titles, often.theIde« of the says complexity..J...,.-* of dnce March, 1850, of a »«.— e^endltureValley,shall have passed acts of acceptance. In Missouri, overwhelmtog defeat of these Indians by CoL Hats. from toe Chlppewas are favorable. Of land assignedof thta offeac*. Thedivided ofthe communityontoejustice$101,000. Mr. H«LT conaidera the sum ot $40,000 paid for tha transportation of malls aeml-montUy betweenCharlestoa, Savannah and Key West, as eztnvagaat,yeanment, and tliat it should be incumbent upon the Ex-fariouslyReportsBUportatianinterferenceoftliePressrevenue for the yearivas $8,318,067 40,ty, aad under proper responsuriuties on tlie part of theGovemment, is oonmended to for ooaslder- CongressIncluding leiasoes, Ac. In addition to this there have28 have lieen 40 applications for extension aad patenUIn Washlnaton Territory eleven deputy surveyora, under citlereiit contracts, have been in toe field westofmailsw.>;iajenoouragtng local jealous- prailng, and unless speedily removed from the baneful year.ensutogfiscalgrooadaeoomlBiat. Thw>{r_...;Minnesota, :I7,765 square miles, of from States and Territories for advanoea of anai aad ending June 30, 1868, was $31,466 SO, for a treaty may be drawn ap. The Secretary thinks it wnich seveu-eigfatos is reputed to tie good land, have eqliipnente beyond toefr regular quota.CourtsTCoogreisshall P»rhf JbeNautrai land;but caacerdng thoae set-shlpaoannon oa CoaBioai' thli plan, and prorllloa anrtbe mad* for procnrtngsohiactwhich would se-duilog this period Is 8U.appllratlons made 5,638. Number of a.-ipllcations re- tjH WathlL'gtun, to the 46th parallel, correctly esteb-everytoe long use of muzzle-loading arms maket this new nietoooappearagreatinnovadon.SecretaryFutd urges toat the breech-loading arm must as surely su-ur^thatthayaappOal:!aic'''""»»»» reauUederapfoyiag Jaaxa' elongated that ezpaadlaanmieetllea. ItscSnKdSttJdS&veiT ofto tbe exieii of 1 18miles,andthU modemay be thrown without leMtnlnc tkidarabUltr of ryletheCharokaeaatlgliprgbagt SPtccmbcr 0, iw.. la. This ease U Sketched, aad definedbouadarles. The Ootontzatlon ayataa, «Ueh aloner, mnoh larger than the wrrlee reqnlrea Hla merely rMe-gi uuy lag Ae artUtey now la use, aad aeena that troaUeitm ._,dissenU from tlie dedsiaa of theJndiea~n«Walng the proprietors of the Bxprea In o^jfiS folW"^ la a estimatea have beea.JPoatlAaater-Ceneral speaks of improvementswUekMli'e beoi made in stamps and envelopes, andof ttaaa whleh are contemplated, principal amongwUsh latter are the introduction of envelopes withOD»eeat aad tluee-cent stamps. Of dead letters therekav* been sent out during the year 31,017, being anincteaae of 12,644 on the previous year. At ^an Fran-claooTCUldead letters have been opened. Of for- that he failed to the of the third any technical defence is seized upon to reconcile themSSyAr-''4J.S8S rr .Sh»«eaanHbraMai4iaatie-aa(tiervIcaliarf(SnBedwas $54,461 75.The repairs of mail-lngs during the fiscal year end-ed 30th June, last, cost $12,202 04, or about i per eeiUMississippi, leavinj only a few remnaote of tribes who have be«n investedrelated to the emptions—rural,morethanduringtheThe expense for purchase and repairs of mail-bags,during the past year, is less by $16,652 51 than that of the previous year.DEFAKTaiENT OF THE INTERIOR.swampgraduation,Ws. and Utlaka It aotaocoidlaglr raatrlotad. MWlsooMlniduatog the year, Townshtelmaay dtaaea ba< Se^lV' "^ •«»«'»•;«• »Sfi»?IS»''Ta8reased. doitnf the year. TbaliSS'aubdlvMonsaL- law. be teeommeada that^teWraa ae pre- ***•*• l* womment ousted, by foroe ofarms, aat- 10 1,834 mIlea, bave been aurvejM. The 9ar<doeA^thegun. Arraaaemeaftr^hMe baea «tdated to bohmS^ as aot l» be SSrSd emphatioVpoBjielj-grounded eomplalnte made by the Chor-Bf'nearlywetoht ef metal enoe of the misaianarias wfik t thaiaattoltaTJ^SuSron the that it was nndar- ground>'platemilitary operationsemigrationajtltiJWn pMHsiou2*5» luo«^*sB*V«i« af the Paaoaaater GcBCral.PNtaMter-Qenetal Holt snbmiU an szunded act of March 2, l««i to "• po*UouWeBt*li!*Bd in tiera 4fco have been mUled » an error of the sepaiating Oconto from Mantl'inaoa for rtfflag a of lito portlaBto abow thattiver Indiana wasof nd»Eloner suggests prompt legislation lor the United a organi- whole body of the miUtla of theatroatfyivga* ••aaoMalty<££to the««»•badtrespassed upon the Cbaiekee landGeneral haa conti acted fortltbeThe Creekaare dolaitheummt tt Ite eparaUou of hla Department to the the clTiM uide»^ authority, of tte statute of Governmental Surveyor, the Becretair haa or- alji; Lava been made fordha axhnaloii'of towttblp aqnanUtyofpn>jee«Ue«nf thakladraforredlo. Theery, prindpallystood betveen tliemselvea and Fowiaa that anothersurety should sign the bond t>efore it was deliv-ered to the Government, which was not done.Fowua has given his deposition in support of this the African Slave-trade, that the penalties prescribed defence, allegma that there was such an agreement (or violalioE of the law are altogether disproportion- between himselfand the two sureties now sued, but ate to the helniousness of the olfence, and thereforeare reported to have been made to Carson River Val- ley, but the operations were promptly checked.vattog toe soil, but wen annoyed by thettprocure signatureeign letters 110,611 have been returned. Persevering aurety named, and forwarded the bond to the depart- with verdic^' of acquittal. He calls particular atten-mlBlhi Itiiil6U Uleglbly directed, 583 directed to this concealment, was ato the embez- also, of the Africans on the W. R. Kiiiey, the Slorming Sept. 30 amount to 516,410 acres, and toe money tabors. force for ita protedtlon. "ne other Imi rectiveo to $*.i77,795. The aggregate disposed of dur- The settlemente on Puget's Sotmd and toe adjacent partle* to toe treaty of the 9lh Jane,ing toe five quarters endtog Sept 30, 1661), for cash, in waters are so much exposed to toctirsions of Indians who were all hosnle* during the late In- sausfaction o( bounty warrants, as swamps, and for from the British and Russian provtoces that a steamer dian War, are repreaented as hrlng bmr anaalnl* *f railroads, is 12,060,033 acres. Tbe total area of un- should be immediately procured for toeir defence. toefr folly and appreciative of tiM bene&ta of n**raKmg,andtheEru—showingthatunderthe existinglaws the negroes are subjected to and inhu- cruelty• inna, 94 without any addresa or direction,rt, leaving, out of 8.IJ02, only 1,341 letters pilncipal,thougn not communicated to the Govern- Government Owing to the prejudice and distrust offtapetly aiHreiaan, and only 684 for the non-delivery ment, will bar the pending suit, then no confidence our people. It Is difficult to suggest a ctiange which of wUui the Department is blamaable, 657 having be- can be aafely reposed by the departments ia aay Imnd would be acceptable to all, but any change would be ooaaa dead becaaae not prepaid. executed by their olBcers engaged in the public an improvement upon the present barbarous and costlyTha aaiabw of dead utters has daereased inpro- service. In that event it will be for Congress to de- system. In theportlotttotta laoreaaa of lettera conveyed by mail, termine whether some further legislation Is aot ne- the Secretary thinks &lr play is liardly shown. He tnm wMqHtlaoanOlnilfid that the new regolationa ceseary for the protection of those Interests whose reeommeads the building of a Court-house and Jail. <m the augjagtiava had a aalntary effect The em- security the announcement of so extraordinary a The public institutions—the Hospital for the insane,lianaliialparaona,3*6topersonamovedaway,657not zlementwhichfitting prelude ifIndeeditvrasnotaShould the Court hold that~|.Jw want of poaage, 885 directed to fictitiousfollowed,system-for it.this secret compact between these sureties and their— sold and unappropriated, of offered and unofiered The one now stattoned thereaticpreparationliliisiaml iiflwagiiiiij iliits to make experimentl legal proposition must neeesarily compromife.I be ap^lad fbr the Improvement of this branch made, and to have greatly increased the efficiency of gard of Congress. Ha also anggeats aons Improve- aeaa. The tnorease in the number of mail oon- the rervice, while they have elevated its moral tone. mente in the management of the Penitentiary.ainoe 1852 haa been about 50 per cent., and in More than ever is It made apparent that the Depart- The Secretary, with proper pride, reports the entireaberof drafts and warrants issued a like in- ment should be made self-sustaining. Tiie large re- completion of the emigrant road, (the Fort Kearny,!isvisible. Areeommendati<»Is madeforthe trenchmentswhichhavebeenmadewillbeovercome SouthPassandHoneyXakeroad,)withafullsupplyk of 11 darks to the number that at present by the expenditures on new routes, but this excess of water for the uae and refrestiment of weary travel--and that the The of the is sud to have vin- experience paat yearand the Columbian Institute for the deaf, dumb and blind, are doing a good work, are prosperous and effi- cient, and he recommends them to the favorable re-awarded Major Sanawiox for havtog furnished the six In relation tothe dtity wherewith he was Sharged, of companies under his command wlto shelter to houses holding a Oraneil with the Arapahoe* and riiiijinaaa built of stone, when he only had tools of the rudest respecting the reduction of thefr Reaervatlon and thatr character wlto which to work. 'Congress Is urged to concentration upon a smaller tract, the Commlmlnn*r reimburse •Brevet-Brigadier-Gen. 'TorTEK with the reports that he met wito suocesa, and that artlela* afWitttte4aadlatteraia recommended,deaAMlM'nnaeywhiohcannot be restored to the dicated the retrenchments and reforms previously,t.ths regular corps. bears but a small proportion to the heavy increase in era. The work on the El Paso and Fort Yuma has ateamountofpostage(sea,inlandand thepostalrevenuesascomparedwiththeprevious alsobeenfinished,anddeteUedreportearedailyex-By acte of Congress of 1856 and 1857, grants weremane to eight Stotes to aid m toe construction of for-ty-five Railroads. The itoes of route of thirty-three sum of $200, aa part price of toe ground purchased for agreement wlto toeae tribes will probably be nav oftoeseroadshavetieenestablished,andmapsof FortTompktos. concluded. Ill*Commlaalonenappointedtoearry toefr final locations filed, showing an aggregate length Secretary Flots Alls attention to toe importance of out the object of Congreas in aa ap^oprlattan eC of 5,882 miles. For ten roads In Alabama, Florida havtog the Accotmttog Officer for the War Department money and gooda to exungulsh the titte of the Red andMississippi,noreturnsdesignatingactualloca- directlyunderthecontroloftoeDepartmentitself,as LakeandRedmrnrriiliiiirrrastnIsniilaMl*aanil*^ tions have tieen received. The adjustmente of toe It is exceedtogly toconvenlent aad troublesome for joaineyed thither, but tailed to eoadude acHelea eC granteforthesetlilrty-toreeroadsbavebeennearly bimtobeentirelytodependentofitand,infact, agreementtoconaequenceoftheabsenc*of*oneaf completed ; llats embracing 8,977,044 acrea have been almost entfrelv under toe control of anotoer Depart- toe Indian delegates. It ta fliong^ thrlr iir*iill*lli— approved, ana transcripte furnished to the Executives ment Tbe War Department, he aays, ahooid settle can be reaomed with reaaonaUeprospeota of aaoa**^ ofIowa,Alabama,Florida,Louisiana.Wisconsto, andadjustiteownaccountetullyandentfrely; andit andIttarecommendedthattepab^takenataneai^ Michigan, Mississippi and Minnesota. Tothistheea- is enough that toe result of such settlement should be day for the purpose of effecting a treaty vrilh thaaa timate of ntoe miluon acres is added as toe amount sent to toe Treasury. trlbea.necessary for the construction of routes to otoer Secretary FLorn closes Ms report wlto this pointed The Commlsatonw recapitulates the featoies of tha_ United States aad European malls was year, in passing, the postal system of England is pected..,.. , I at. Ofthiaamount,$83(1,00555wascol- eulogized,withreiereacetotheminner TheboundarylinesbetweentheTerritoriesofthe leoted in the United States, and $546,396 70 in the In which locallUaa which require unusual facilities United States and Texas are established. The extent Hatted Kingdom, France, Prussia, Bremen, Ham- are made to bear the expense of them. of the llifoa is about 821 iniles. Concerning tbe prog- bat*andDelgluiu. Ttiennmberofletteraandnews- Alliuionismadetobiuswhichwereintroduoediato \ reasoftheworkoftheCommissionappointedtoset- papera exchanged with Europe was as follows : let- the House at ita laat aeaaion, and which, it is hoped, tle tbe boundary line between the United States and tuaaent from uw United State*, 3,093,390 ; received will at an early day become laws. Among them are California, the Department has no definite informa- fr«B EuiBpe, 3,012,289 ; total, 6,166,360. Newspapers measures fixing the uniform rate of ship letters at tion, bat it la believed that the party arenow engagedparticularlycal divisiona in the viz. public domain,Alabama,aad MaMBna, (Cuba,) and receiving as compensation alone required to consummate the purchase. 80 soon Kansas, Nebraska, Dacotah, Washington, New-liy aUpa amrlDyed by the Depaatoefit was $375,235 02.'The title to the property has bean exaoiined,The aaooBt paid to the dtSirent home lines of 'and determined to be tha perfect byOregon,Florida,Mississippi,Judge McfLLcr opened this Courtthe smMI ecoveyiagmatia to and from Havanawith his Department to Hon. I.cations, under toe several laws from 1st October, 1659, of tbe Interior, of which the followtog is an abstractthe VnlMdSwea poatages, sea and Inland, was $50,- 61) it. aad for transporting mails by steamship be- tween New-Orlaana and vera Crua, Mexico, seven rooadtlfoa, $1,(11 IS.Soma tarther correspondence has taken place be- tween tUa QHIvtment and the British Fost-oSce onas this shall have been obtained, a plan will be adopt-Tbe healto of toe Indian tribes for the year haa beengenerally good, peace has prevailed among toem, and tbefr harv^t has to the mato been abundant ThereAfter defining toe extent of toefr hto jurlsdiotion,ml^lUe^ft fll^pteseat rate of twenty-four cents is aspropertyaporopriation 29 remains. As this sum will be in-capableregions, metals.tropi-.:Ohio,reduction of postage on international lettet^aataayetwithoutanysatiaiactoryresult.The sufficientfortheerectionofadutymakingTMIed atrtai fnlaad postage Sea postageBtltte^lnuuid postage24 cents. The country performing the ocean service of coursereceivee the sea postage.This DepartmeDt baring intimated Its willingness,upoa eertain conditions, to favor a reduction of tiie postage to twelve cents, the British office, in Febru- ary, 1857, proposed that rate, and that the divisionhighfirstTotaltatos,but is toefor toe-5 cents. IS cents. 3 cents.balance, an appropriation be made for the deficiency.enters into an histori- progress made in regard .to the sur- vey aad disposal of our enormous land inheritence.ing.Mtoneaota,Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, and the Territories ofMexico and Utah.The public lands of the United States embrace anarea of 2,265,623 square miles, or more than two- thiids of our geographical extent, and inclules soilsAffcmey-tJener- al, and the assent of the Legialature of New-York isFor sales, cotmty land lo-yeatardaf 'ed, and iBg.proposalsinvited for the erection of the build-It seems that a site has also beena new Poet-office in Philadelphia, though the cost ofjimra toat largeat partthehas so far exhausted theof of yielding productstemperate preciousandand usefulpatents ; and railroad selections equal to 33,320 cash patente; making an aggregate number, wlthto theto toe various tribes durtog toe year $^,924,069 65, leavtog to toe Treasury $2,361,194 52,- applicable to the Indian service for toe balance of the fiscal year, which termtoates on toethatbut ^33,107calandnearlyall thedates of 26^.80-2 cash mentioned,edi&ce,itisre- commen^iedthatif theestimatesofthearchitectnowpatents.The Report finally treats of geological and mineraleanem slope of toe Rocky Mountatos there exist fiscal ranges of coal, iron, gold and silver. Evidences ofao ofThe Postmaster General'sreportcloses with acal review of thecoal are not confined to the foot of the Rocky Moun-stock,mustalwaysexclndeheaiaay erldanea.number, in the aggregate, 28,600, and cost $37,300 99has t>een definitely settled beyond a question, and In accordance with it the Indian title has been extin- guished from the Great Lakes to the Natchez settle- ment in all the SUtes east of the"whicbthe treaty was origtoally made, $161,237 99 re- verts to the Treasury.Slncethe4toof March, 1837, eleven treaties have been made wlto various tribes, havtog for toeir objectwould tie an easy matter for any maa to brtog anv one, toward whom he uwnapariunndiprlipenddly, be- fore toe public on a cliarge of crime. If he might acrean himself behtod toe plea of bastog his charge oa heai^ say. When a crime appears to have beeni committed, no proof must be taken aa to who comKltted it from toosewhocantestifyonlyfromhearsay. £achwit- ness must testify ta what he has seen, or what he knows.A aecond 1 ule of evidence va* In relation to thaGontenU of Here the beat that of papera. evldenae,toepapersthemselra*,mattb*obtalaed wheapiaett- cable. Intodrabaenceordestmetlon,however,«nl proof of toefr oontenta may be reabrted to.; being 7 per cent, less in number, and 31 per cent, less in eost, than such as were purehased and put into service during the preceding year, the cost of whichtoe Commissionerpropercareful developments. In Kansas and Nebraska, and the 30th of June, 1861. The estimate of expenses for toe agatostand of whom there waatopresumptive proof guilt,procuredforfar toeof toein drawing for the building exceed this The Commissioner bf the General Land Office, in engaged plansor lowof evidence to be laid down forThe tbel^ guldaaoa''and their,$3,- and toe nnnnal to- terest toereon ($139,609 50) applied to toe fulfillment.rulewaa toat theyBustoess men usually deem thta a purely technicalThe i^elanchoiy fact Is promulgated, that the Siaw-In the Northwestern section of Iowa, there havedefrayedof toe Ordnance Departmeat and an approprtation ofof Biaiotaining the service elsewhere produces.He promlseatliataa occasion demands the frequency klaa, Peorias, Weas, Piankeahawa are not mak- wuik. It U totended to transfer the archives to theneea snd HIanues, thebeen lun during the past year 994 miles of divisionalThe See- totolsconnectun. caUa atteutton to the fre- tbe^&tizena offeea Intoe State of collected fiir registered letters for (he dUns have asked permission to visit Washinntoo thatokee cotmtry, aad alaa t* th* loeatfon of oaa rt "Froxea Rock" on toe Aikanaa* River.ment oUnder the bead oftion withaeat, 1,187^170 ; newspapers received, 1,338,207 ; total, five cents of moae to Mexiooor Cuba at ten cents in ascertaining and determining tMMnitial point Sutes through tracte of country yet unsurveyed. In- paragraph : ;;'oonfederaled bands of Ka^kas-for further is ezpertmenteurged.whoseTcsda. thonghihe CotamJafo^ i.7rebukes the ing no progress towards but deierl- Sto e autherltiea before toe close of toe good, arerapidlyembarraaameals which ha experiences- to con- doubt aa to Ihe quent 'forsequence of the law prohibiting the purchase of taws have passeSaldll to nwlde for tho«raf£L 7«,m.W»iM"ti, iiiianiMW-"'- The transport*- ies which the Inauguration of aueh reform as this ne- Influence of the whites, they will soon pass away for- In DacotA. since toe laat annual report, the re- any arms or suppllea whatever which are of a patent- tribe who salforad brthe AHightaf '-Tnaja^ti<Mafaail*^nllM«d Mat about U.II0. a mile ; or cessarily excites, aad ealla aartiealar attenttoa to a ever. The advlaabUlty of ia peaceful removal, not turns 01 surveys on buto sides of Big Sioux River, ed Inventton," and mgnata Us «nanda>ent ao as tobr oowdi, I3^7c. Baa«aa,T.4Se. Theaggr^atelengthand br inferior reonrt mhde by Gea. Joaa A. Dix regarding the do- piUy of these, but of^ all the Indians In Ktnsas, we. t of MiauexMtietrioorSst.ote, auiount to 335 Uoeai miles exclude from its provbloaa soA aria* or other milita- IS^lt ^vS^^U'-^Lriniffataaaboat. 10.Te. :;of railroad routeaku bam iMraaaed. alnce June », 1839, 1.119 nUles; ""1" ""* "''""';ieeteaaed 8,«« milea. The letUnga of new _J, for tha term commencingfor the to*** kf-** "mhiii gj^raaiea dlminiahed 44Mofthe system of regiitenng valuable letters haa dis-ArrapdioeaandBig Sioux, north of tbe Missouri and east of the Joac-all artlelea used to theseaaon. Apropitious reoooaaieadatloa I* made tafbr aaCongress apprapiialla»ta raUere tke waate ifthe lamiM threatoaed tribe* at aa earlydn. f^Selatreadingjmie 30, 1857, $8*1876 87 and for the year would be well to give the supervision of the Indian bten surveyed. The amount completed IdSt yearIn New-Mexico the ~—«>fiTe of Indian afaha The want of a Nadonal Armory where cannon has not materially Improved. The Navajoes m^ending June SO, 186(1, $25ia8 70. The receiata for ISO* Bureau to the Warreached WI3,735 acres. Contracts fjr 276,480 acresnorth and east of Otter-tall Lake have been made.Theuauscnptsoffieldnotesandrecordsfor toe dls- quantityofcondemnedstores,incTudlngoldmoaken, favorably rapocted. Thepresen palkyef-tfcaaor.a Bureau of Statistics. torytoing, as for example, in the matter of suppresdon ofhMedliary enemies, the Snakes, who made inroads upon toem. Pursuant to Executive orders, toere have been pro- The course of stody at West Potot has lieen lengto- plundering toefr property and not even sparing that claimed for sate during toe five quarters endtog Sept ened from four years to five. This change, toe Secre- of toe Government After lleelag oaca the Seaerva- 30, Ibeu, 16,3b5,361 acres, and uuriug toe past month, tary observes, was considered necessary at the time, tion Indians were persuaded by the Agent to retook viz.: under date 22d October, 1860, in California, in consequence of ihe *' low stanAard of profidency but wem agato driven off by the ^aakaa, aad tkeaJMr 3,6t5,287 acres, of which the report furnishes pariicu- for entrance to the School." The Jotot Committee foruofthe military to puntah toe savage disturb*n lars. I'he caiih sales for toe fiscal year ending June of Congress and the Army, which was appointed to proved powerleaa. The Supeiinteadent taporta that 30. 1860, embrace 3,461,21,3 acres, and the amount re- retovestigate this measure, has been in session at West toeretano alternative to the abaodoaaantof the poagmanity, while heavy expense is entailed upoa thethe Miusachutetf— They are maktog rapid stops towards dviliza&oa ia lai ds, of tbe public domato on the 30to of September, is altogether imsuitabie for tois purpose, and should dress, and are eonddered as entirely sobdaed. Tto18C0, was 1,153,911,288 acres.Since the commencement of operatiois under thepcdicy adopted by the pnaent Burean, limJiwOmg ^at I,4t84n. The aaaoant paid Great Britain for sea and 40 allowdealers in newspi^Mra aad periodicals to ra- which la at the Intersection of the thfity-fifth parallel cluding previous grante to Illinois, Missouri and Ar- I will, only In general terms, allude to the recom- the problem aa to to* inllaB's capability of alBialliw terrttailaltranaltof cloaed mails ttu-oughthe United cdve such quantities aa they may require at the same o( north latitude with the Colorado River, and In kansas, toe grante for railroad purposes reach 24,189,- mendations wtiich 1 have heretofore laid before Con ta toe social scale baa been satiatactorily solved. Thatwas $126,049 97K, and the amount received rates as subscribers to theof the through which 4&9 acres. ' gress. Many of toem are essential for toe good of toe experiment of engrafting the haUn of etafltad countfymaking anfram Breat Britain on British cloeed mails in transit on maps, engravings, &c., Ac, and to modify the law the line will run. The report closes with a very neat The report of the Commissioner next proceeda to toe .service, to my judgment Some of toem would life upon the wild atem of savage trrlTtonrii hii |i»*aKlagdoa,regular;regulatepostageexplorationthrongh the United States, was $41,460 65. Balance dne Great Britain on adjostment of aoeooitlBr the year ended June 30,so as to require the ten cent rate to be prepaid on all compliment to tbe bureau officers and the corps of set forth toe Revolutionary Bounty Land Claims, the contribute materially towards reducing toe expenses a success, and toat toe p'lan only require* fordiar de-Balance dM'tti Trance, (third and fourth aaattaBMN)..^PaianTft due to BremenBtfaaMone to Hamburga^a«~>- dee the United States on adjust-_ - -15,367 62 17,125 57 13,879 63to oblige the prepayment of drop letters.In conclusion, Mr. Holt states the ground now oc-cupied by the Post-office in New-York has been bought as a site for a new and enlarged edifice, which, in its dimensitxis and arrangements, shall be com-with the wants of the servioe.mepaurate ^he priceto tie which leavea of the agreed pala la a2t>0.000, ap-propriation $300,000 for tlie construction of the build-and their deeds before the notice of the President The Pnblio Ijandn.a modification of the law is suggested, so as to' create a perfect uniformity. The report afterwards notices private land claims, and the Immense amount of land toai toe Departmeiit has to adjust The localities of tols class of titles mark toe progress of eariy settle- ment to our portion of the ConttoentUnder treaties wlto different Indian tribes, toe Land Office, during toe last year, has pr^ared 1,320 patenU cotitaintog the grante for each tribe conforming to theto 1st October, 1860, there have been transmitted to their several destinations, for delivery, 228,894patente; for Indian swamp tracts, private land claims, arid other patents, estimated as equal to 25,835 cashmendations."proprlattons to ahow that Congraas has thta right. ZJLW REPORTS.AMOTsSR mKBuma. ^riax- Caart af Oyer aad Tenalner.sueat of.accounts vrlth Prussia for theextended, during the past year, within the limiteof all the politi-Report ef Haa. B. B. Greeawaad, Cei amla- aleaer of Indlna AgUre.Hon. H. B. tiffEEH woob7Coinmi3sioner of Indian Affairs, submite a lengtoy report of matters coimectedlettera conveyed ia the mail from any point in the clerks who tiave possessed and deserved the confi-claims agatost toe United States for services to toe of the Army, if adopted ; but, as toe Importance of velopment to Insure Ita complete triumph. In eoa- War of 1812, and for services to toe Mexican and In- toese measures seems not to have attracted toe attea- clusfon, he earnestly urges the Importance <tf Cen- dian wars, under various acts of Congress. The prto- tlon of toe Legislature, I do not deem it respectful to gre' s maktog speedy appropriations for toe relief ot clples of the Preemption law are then discussed, and them or proper for me to reiterate toose recom- the snffertog Indians, dttog tWo former similar a^United States east of the Rocky Mountains to any dence placed in them by the Secretary, and he in turn 1860 $193,191 96 State or Territory on the Pacific and vict versa, and avails himself of this public manner of bringing themThe of the Land Office have operationsrTHE INDIANS.Indi- ana, Michigan, Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, California,his for the current reportyear,1861-62 ishas been mvested In635 38. The sum ofwith allodial titles.has also been extinguished in the tier of States west ofmunicipalbvthe from tbe Gulf of Miasissippi, extendingCongresslatomal30,232,580,the northern line of Iowa, including the greater por-ap- neal fiom the opinion ofthe General Land Office liesagreed pay $3,726,880. for the benefit of toe respective tribesThIa offer waa declined, on account of some condi-tion appended, which did not meet the views of ourOevemnhent; but no counter pro[A>iition was madetnr this Department before the month of August, 1859.Alia, however, was not accepted, the British Govem-on conditions to which ours could not accede, and the subject rests as It originally was.Mr. Hoia gives a ritwni of the trouble with the Pa-cific mails and of the reasons which induced the D»-Mutment to accept Com. Vaioixsii.t's offer. Com,TsgaaaiiiT offered to transport tha mails for thapeatafes received thereon. In accordance with the actofJeae18,batonlyuponaasurancethatthePresident ThewobM reooamiend to Congress to make him such far- the Public Lands, and the views of Mr. THOHPSoa crosstog the snowy mountains and toe Cascades, year. The troops available for service agamst toe pressed wish of toe Oneidas to Wisconsto to have toe ther allowaace over and above the postages as wouldiMot *^g<«*inffand'377 claims left to Prior to suspension.findingferring to those branches of public service wttich per- tain to the internal polity ofthe Govemment, has twea presented to the President, and we have made the following abstract for the benefit of our readers.Stole to State and to TerritoryWar.Hon. J. R. Flotd, Secretory of the War Depart-time firstThe report to regard to toe Indians within the lim-questign*.The had made It the of toe Coart Legtalatore dutyto call the special attention of tbe jury to certain of-Report opens with information in reference to Mr ouiButhshtlon for the service. Bad thia not thereupon. It seems that during the fiscal year, end-of rapidly and and Callfomla, Oregon Washington,be aibean aooapted, Mr. Ueia thinka the postal cpmmnnl- eatlonbetareenthe Atlantia and Pacific States would have Biet a dangerous Interruption. The revenue &om the ocean aarvice haa diminished, while that from the overland has increased. The diminutioa and Increase are alike due to the order of this De|»rt- meat directing letter mails which had previoualy gone by the steamers to be made up and forwaidea over-land. TkeaaaaalcostofthePacificmallroutes,esti-mating the ocean at $350,000, is $1,202,381, while the receipts from them do not exceed per aimum $296,- 468 71. In view of thia fact, and as they are main- tained laalaly for the advancement of national later- esta, Mr. Holi urges that tlie expense be borne by theThe Baa ^ntonio and San Diego aervlce haa beena* modUed as to meet every peiital want, and with ever that in a spirit of liberality to ail settlers upon pursuant to law. 'The archives for Illinois and Ar-taken, as toe band were divided on tod Ac- subjecttha election laws. Tbe jury would see how important for thacotah, half of Kansas, one-tenth of Nebraska, and insion every important question has been passed upon and finally adjusted^Oregon and Washington, east and west of the Cas- of Hon. J. B. Theaipaenf Secretary of cades, in X^alifomia tlie Indians have not held anyThere have been 1,490 applications for bounty -lands since toe 4to of March, 1857, of which 1,113 liave beenRepertthe Integer.The Eeport of the Secretary of the Interior, re-For a bill, aixteon araat be findtog jororaandroBte soma maila have been diaeontinued, bringing He recommends tliat the disposal of the four re- veys are ail required to be executed before the 30to of been reduced to subordination. All these operations toe present Admtoistratlon. The claims of certato by pubUeofofficers. Offencesofthta nature should besince the revenue is $500, and he condemns the onlyin two after survey, all the lands that have not yearswith and to toe diligence energycompletionof theBridgerWaila-Waiia,regaidlesapopular optoion.of feeaaaOiOTa of the contract. On tha Bfissisaippi River been claimed by settlers.down the for the to $204,465. In seired aeetiOBS of land at Hot bework. In Louisiana theexisttogexpenditures yearthe earrying of the New-York aad New-Orleans mall an improvement since 1839 is noticed In the tlma made by the rival Southern and Atlantic routes, but both of tliem are censured for notmade to the Department, nor justifying the expecta- tioas entertained of them as carriers ofthe malls.springs. Ark., vided foi by appropriate legislation.takes the same view as presented by the Secretary, innearlyswamp, toe Surveyur-Generol has recommended an—each to locate 360 acres of land. The Mun- The last offencebe called was tbe drawtag of lotteries, sale ofnaa kau to the Dead15, 1846,long standing Georgia,theaystemed include an area of 9,415,673 acres.- oSerixfhls wife sat by Ms counsel. The waa;up, the lists having been preparedapproved.discoatlnaed, and the letters are sent at oncetreatystirveys In Washington Territoryhas been interrupt- question betvreen Florida andland wtiichtoeyfulfilling proniisesappropriationSecretary FioTD uigcs the necessity of restortog toe superin-TM!515*9'*** °' Parties receiving letters to pay the the that it Is Zantacs Ae, groundceded from toem. and itof this Govern- 13to April, I860,) cannot properly be carried out to set- commendation. During the time toat Secretary Flotd is recommended tliat new treaties be made wlto them,hroogiitlotheiikotlee byof charging for lattera carried to the onl'y'"Navajos and Snakea, whoso durtog year.platslandsmay anywhich affords greater facilities than this for transport-on the scene and grace, vipearance commenced tbe demoUtlOM of cabins.prisoneLra RocheUe tio^^MaSr^c'li!"la!s^t' ^ 'T^Post-offlca, and the revenue from this source, i*',V^'.t ''If"'"bulent The Indians, treatyThe settlers toen toJean Baptisteit ia will the carrier system adequate rand^.the^V^"!?"^" 1"^* Kloways, the VanctonnaisSurveystog troops regiontroops through toe Indians In subjectina, aleave at the expiraUonwito litUe jim^ impanneled \e (nwa. Dn'secution,openedin•^a"b^r'ieif^a.ddJr^es^sf;-^^'^*A^wai tni premeditated kjUtog of a humanthought, give Cut-Heads, have •unportInthelargecitiesatthelowratoof onecent against the eaiablUhed by the exiling law, if it can command the uI'rrgZels %'^'"^seems toofThe experimente for the improvrment ordnaTice,entire local correspondence for delivery. To aocoiu- sists pllshthls end It was deemed expedient, in accordanraSiurJersettlers apologize for their disregard of the bvu'gTor It waa to beto declare allstreets,lanes,avenues,&c..Incities,po.'*t-roa<is,and \thheZ^^,!^prosperity " "* effectual;with the tenth section of the act of 1851,mente of sea-coastthe aiaoifearrl.<iongun-carriages of irontlfieu to leave ? com- provedso to notify all engaged in the transportation of iettorsfor have ac- compensation. All parties interested "quiesced Is this course with the excejtioa of Blooi'jfiuence ofthe white man. He corruptmg believes that the onlyplan »hlch holds out hope for the decayinR race Is ti> confinetoey toought toey veys in Kansas for the next fiscal year, as recom- vances, however, have been made in the afficlency of sioner emphatically condemns.secured an insurauc* on hit goods,- aadI:in theopinionoftheUntitled Documentbya It By report from the Soutoern Supertoteodcncypolicyi*the formerobviouslytovi-nship pllaanUd preparedandsenttolocalas completed, except toe New-Orleans township, for Concerning the Dea Moines River grant, the Report which, with Its exterior relations of private titles andhaie been carried on when toe appropriations wereCommUtee of Public Lands in the Senate, In June laat—and acting on that recommenda-of 'The estimates submitted $3,000.of about half a million dollars.pciat*,hla advice to theexpendituresurvevtog ""^8<^'ytheletterofthemutualobligation, forKansaswhile tlMt of the latter Is olBces. The declared in regulated by those principlesfuUy placedn,,^ri.Utaiaar KOIIBISSKTT.Court has dwelt inWith the no-treaty Indians our country now exceeds twelve millions of acres. For Nebras- miles bywater and 600 to toe by land,3,000 of five were halted,behaved with commendable exceptions the Secretary tains,Rockyextremely produc- pointkeep importanceleave during toe com-ing application the Department grant- ed. Thepro-regardedJime next This Stoto be maySioux half breeds have been finally settled by au- rigorously prosecuted.The Indian usufructthethough notice of the law compelling this ment to confirm to the Puget's Sound Agricultural tltog the coterminous private rights of toe people to has had control of toe War Department $24 000.000 in order to prevent toe necessity of emptoyment which he aaarhaa been given widely. The letters are now retaineddearlyCompany the farms and lands belongingto Com- Georgia and Florida, until fin^the adju.stmentof toe have been disbursed by 203 officers and agents, and of of a mllltarv force to compel an observance of tha>t to lay before tkiem.TheCanit'iei^edttatthejttryhadthe right to en- tertain aay ooBudalsto. coma firam wtiatever source(Or the payment of the carrier's adriiessnd -are nouaed.With I fleaaalfee,andthe*p^artiesof boundaryiahadpursuantto|iurtoerofCon- thisamountallbut$24,900hasbeenfullyaccounted lor and settled. This balance has been suspendedold. The Pawnees have conducted toemselves«f lettara by carriers, and are to subject Indian reporton Missouri road from Fort Walla Walta on toe Oregon river, to lands, that may bedlspesedof aeconUnf tosttpula- Nebraska, the toeyeattoTS* Brand Jury. If fliajurer*-Overate of compensation (or the labor. ndedthereforethattheprovisionoftheact— the Indians must be divided two classes thoseFortBentonontheMissouri,is The tion. ThedifficultyarisingfromtheRiver, near Fort Kearney, and briefiysketehed. tre*p**M*ofaAltewilling pay a somelength—remarking with evident veracity, thatclaims and 3,619 iniles in ;to aU madeWorethem, a* oanplalnta]jy« «<>}•*« <»W»»i»?;W- be^efwfM^oWaItRiver, on toepanyatthe time of the Treaty,orwhichinaspiritlegislationIn Kansas and Nebraska tbe surveying service agamst dbburstog officers, and probably the whole tions of horse thieves and toroadswell, depreda- adiaoenti&lmeas and be considered as occupied liberality mightgress.though toey toemselveshave suffered from fromHe also considers it due to the people or theremarked toat It waa for accused to have persons rase wa»by It.Territory that some decisive action shooid at once be akcn.has progressed last year to toe extent of toe appropri- ations. Tbe returns of toe field work to Kansas con-principallytribes. TreatieswltotheSacsandwill be credited them upon furttier explanations of Foxes, Delaware* theiatrict-Attorneyhere outan In Oita counfry-r, Tw la theseplacea the public demand the On the of Affairs the treats at sist of 5,746 miles,their papers. and Kansas Indians were ratified by the laat Senate,New-York Indian The history of toe expedition to construct a wagon- and steps have been taken for the survey of thatr a hraiiag before a maglsfrita, before thewith whom webe repealed, and that the have treaties, and thoseBig department thiny-lhreeMocked. Th* Iwwover, to any matter^^Wi^10ltatmkmaaot dEU iwae aatborl? to collect such postage on allMUMaaBveredbycarriers,asshallbenecessaryta eenminaata them for the service, provided that Itshall aot exceed two canta per letter. It has beenfound expedient. In accordance with the acts of premethis duty was assigned, left St Louis on May 3d, Cberokeea have been disposed of by the an^oynentDepart- we have not The case of istopapers,reached Fort Benton on 2a, and then took iu of a troop of dragoons, who aceeedad In OejSy mighl ie¥flt to toveatigate, wouldbe dieer-intolandsof thewheetaofjustice wouldwherethesoilissaidto beniililary operations. The Secretary also in- tive, and toe Surveyor-General of toe District sug-ofthefirst metfin Territory.totoeresidentsofWash- theDepartmentto thelauds W. inter. This occupyhis fonner ,"Ii^i^? °.1' TM';?"'"'the killing without prera%diaUonwhlietouponUieorj-, that common reservations gests toe extension of toe public surveys to toat direc-tion. Thearms andtlie act of committing a felony. hopedby saying they had so often been no- toat the prisoner, who had occupied *-atore*°equipments, haveresulted InRreat improve-first notificationwhereas private '°.t'.h}e and protection igainstcompetition, cunning the in- for thepelled, ad-' stance.ran no risk in this in- Tha trespasses of the whites the Commis-priation. $20,000 them to small trtbal reservations having weU- mended by him, is,sur- Commls-quality nfisstrlktcg It Is certain thathave beenfortoePacific.ItJurleyachedFortWallaWuapllatotruderstoasenseof bruiglng propriety and Juattea, aftmattoefrdiswjsal.rti* jury then retfred, and the. Dlstriet-Anoraarmarchthe statutes and sanctioned by the Su- eleven and a quarter millions of acres, and toe total to sixty days, havtog accomplishedplate previously reportedembraced overmilder measures had failed to notification to vacate the lands th - attention, thespaceJuly 1, im, and March 3, 1861, to reestablish ing with the during pest year, thirthy-eeight The whole number of return- ^t be doubted whetoer rente can be found eipfration of toe day of made his""""^"L^OFCBABI-kSI..The had been,tbeamity the except- ka township plats have been prepared montos, during one of which troopshave been demanded for Flatle River on toe eastern base of theon toe Moun- thisto toe Padfic The march ofof a certato promisedtime, nnleas ther could obtato IromSurveyorf-isGceanleral presenttotncontracts; and toetoat before, without having obedieucnear the corner of BarclayAnd Greenwich Btreeta.:to much less than the amount of that oa (he ZOtb of JIarcb lart, an ottcet «»wbutof caimouthem. The mostliavtoKreduced his stockMexico towith immense taterests involved." The of rightment bas to to be held to trustof toe Mis-30, 1860, 16J85,361 acres of land have been proclaimed The aggregate area of the land, Stotes and Territo- to toe field, and upon an active war foottog. The sin, represent toe members of toese tribes as divideding June 30, 1860, and the quarter ending SeptemberstretchingVaileygreatest activity, and toe Army has been constantlycounts from toe Stockbridges and Munrees of Wiscon-of free institntlons vras toe perpetuity preaerra-tion of toe purity of tbe ballot-box. Th* degradatlaa of toat purity would lead to early political ruin.ollence to be was Ik* enedally noticed,That 3,977,619.80 acres have been sold for;bounty land warrants.torlea,upwardsfor sale.toe Rio Grande frontier from Fort Fillmore to 4,819 Fort Brown is well protected, and a very active cam-itjiotnertoe vlolatfon of tbe nauirlawa. Tbaaa laws war*TheSecretaryreiterates his decided of approval—veytog departments personnel consistingpart Utoh southward to NewMexico, and toere seems to be every prospect tliat toey will meet wlto the pun- ishment which toey deserve. Allusion is toen madesnd agricultural revival has met withoppositionfromagatostand revenue derived from sales wHiits of eleventroopssome of toe wilder of toe spiritstribe,who a declaredthe land existingthat it Is believed thetoo; 3,379,040 acres have been ab-;7,039 miles,The other lines of the public surveys, townshipBubdlvisionai, have been extended over 689,169 miles. paignThe have been to Ohio, Indiana, manche Indians, upon the head waters of toe Arkan- him. The Sioux of Minnesota are making notable$2,021,423 07, In caahsorbed by the location of bounty land warrants 2,037 ,770.Uaciea approved imder the swamp grants, arxl 3,665,623 acrca under the railway grants, whileand base lines to the extent of miles.dtoatlon to toe localsystem,sonable annual average,if the discuisionlof alternatives83 100 surveyors-general, employes, deputy-survey-orswith400assistants. ThesurveyingarchivesofOhio, Indiana, Michigan, Alabama and Mississippiwar toe ** farmer Indians'^ but a uponon tha land should systemhow- allowed irorahave since been delivered over to these States longpato on-Special attention was nextunoffered two lands,kansas will b« transferred as soon as these Statestorown to toelrespecially liable to toe occurrenceshould bedate of settlement within which to make proof oftraders.ecutive to offer at public sale, bypay-with-the Surveyor- General tias to view the early closing of his office, and has been tostructed to dfrect his forceThe Snake Indians ta Washtogton Territory, on toefor 'toe benefit of Indians, (i35, 171.53 acres of land have been sold, netttog $1,118,446 29, which tias been mvested for toelr t>enetitjury.on toe They should present all violators of toe law,says speedUycease, recommeningto the battle with toe Pah-Utea m Carsonimprovemej)t--thefrproclasaatlon,Atientfonshould alsorise to a rea-provocativedetachment of United States troops reduced toe tur-increaaed, not be broken with Impunity.veys sissippLwest from theof acres. Guide meri- DepartmenC of Texas has been restored to tranquili- 1,450,000,000isdians bave been run and established to the extent of typower.surveys completed Arkansas sas and the < liltoois, Alabama, Mississippi, .Michigan,ance of money. Ttie Court would not express Usown opiidon on th* propriety of toeae lawa, but wouldita was to execute toe laws as It-andbut toeculpated that officer from toe charges preferred agatostvirtuallyto 8,196.580acres111beneededtosatisfythemliiUryandIowa,andnearlysotoMissouri,Louisianaandanddispersingthemtoeverydirection.Tochastise conventionalclothing,anddevelopingtoearteofagri-Florida.The ezisttog machinery is divided into eleven sur-thne taws who werebefore other*efeast Wlsoonaln rivtrMarch 3, lesi. Mr.lHota aiguea atroijily la favar of °f «b* law. aad advises riottys in the region between llake Flambeaa and expense which ha* attaadaa these expaHmeats is atltiUioa for their ovemmant theaa ^'^ .5- "''*?'"''"'the suppression of ptlvate Mapalehea, olalatng the aalttig of this as other pnbUo lands, and WItenala river. Some 15 lewashlps will also be sah- UlOtog when tbeli atUltf is niiastiterert_. II has beea settled ballot, thoSgh they areSSt^ tafii aadpratical working of the earrler ayttea in tUs Is praven as a relief to Kansas, and a renewed of towiikLlp The work to this Territory, ry aoppUea aa constltnle a iccolai part of the arma- ChickasawawlUaoffar. Aa4tfa*aU-af OavanMCity. opportunity for (he possible happy future for to be pei formed, cousiste of township and suodhn- ment or equipment of troops, and also me ImprovedIs alsoInvokedHr.Hcuaekitowledgesthat the jiracttcal working the red man. Certain undertaken treaties with the bioaai surveys souto of toe 43° laUtode. west of tne patented mooe of eaating and cooling for iron cannon. inteodeney, whoa* euift mm Matrmatij Umappointed expeCtauona, and that It has ta fact provedCheyennea and Chlppewas fell through owing to the absenoe of certain prominentIt should be renraled as totuu Ke.-etvBtiun, cmbractog toe vaiteysof Big Sioux,irt July, last, em a nilure. The mark whloh these packages bear chlafiana, while the treaty with the Red-lake and Ued- MiSAOuti, Vtriiitlilun and James rivers. The Com The law of 1808, for arming and equipping th9be manufactured and made to Im- tlnue anwiamcions aad laoqnlglMa.experiments MohnachO* TIte-Htmmit lettersandpaokeuleglatBtadtatheaaaoontof21t,7S0| Thereareatpresent11,284pensionersuponthe tiici,pieparedduringtoepastyear,haveamounted havebeensokitomakeroominthearsenalsfbratod- enunentInmaklncthempraaeata,hewarar^'ia*. and yet durlag the biief parted In whloh this dadllae roll who draw in the aggregate $1,601,018 95 against to Ib,t41 psges. Durtog the pa^t year the remaining em arms. demned, a* they loee ao tlau la trdloklac them efffor the moreleas taaa the discipline of the employes, and the greater efficiencymightprove toem Is referred to. During toe year a large Apaches, Taban-ache*. aad CapeUb'Uttoccurred, the general correspendeaoe aad raveauea $1,I03J62 03 laat year, and owing to reduction in the ui the Utonesoia i^ouudarr line, between the Numerous experimente hare beea made with for Whlaky. The PnaMo Indians are w*U of the aervlce iocreaaed at least 15M per cent. Thia clerical force necessary to superintend this branch of forrotDioMnunumente, at toe heads of Lakes Travers aad breech-loadtog arms, and while many inreatloai oC The appctlabneatafaa. want1condition of things can enty find aa explanation inBig Stone, has bten completed.in Callfomla, during toe past year, 4,386 linealhavtog to view toe increased efficiency of this Und of arm have been rejected, some have been approved,to prtn^taalMM kr ttea tw.dia jnfiSthe fact that uutnisuuailimls have beeooie convincedlettera thav base beenIa reoommended. -LIUtU-Ue-eIGniflthe serviee there has beea a reduction In Xht esd- matea of $28,200.The$168,672 23 shewing a surplus of $7,976 17. Number unoei the piovlbtons of too Act of Cougrtrss approved most approved of these arms. Practice and drill dlaaa, peaceable and aot addicted to rfo*; aalit tothemallsuitdersatlkfactoryguaranteesfortheirsafe- jectedla3,812,andnumberofpatentsIssuedIs3,836, U^hed.l eojiiuneudallons heretofore made for a reor-and it ispro- clas4 are by far the most efficient arms ever put Into fair.andltta-ltoiightttat trUrtMan^fliSiiofbeafnmita for transporting mails from New-Tork to San tttendlng the defaleatifn of laAAo V. Fowua, late (4,400) delays have occurred. He trusts, however, to Galitnas Grant to»n of Anton Chico, of Mora,olaims Further norto a new route has been established Fiavelaoa,tn<l Asplnwail and Panama, and the 'cosf Poatmaster at New-York, were fully aet forth. His present an exhitiit of the aggregate population, maau- ol G. W. Eatoh, ALXXUxaa ViUs-Dohatuxo Vioil, from the Great Basto to Salt Lake Citv, and a shorter of aMnelaa oa. the Isthmus, makes the amount re- embexxlenent has been since ascertained to amount lactures and agricultural productions during the pres- and HnoH Stxvxnbon. The surveyor recommends and better road has been opened betwisen the settle- qulndtoaitha Treaaurr for 1862. $5,313,176 63. to $170,947 67. For this offence, which the statute ent Congress. He is satisfied that the nation has iiiC establibbmentof a Board for toe adjustment of ments of Great Salt Lake and toose of Oregon andOfpoatage atamni durug the vaar there have been jtistly ptmisbes as a felony, an indictment has been grown and prospered. He vt ill need a further appro- tiilts under toe treaty of 1848 at Guadalupe Hidalgo. Washington, on the Oregon River.aopi&dtBpoatmasten 216,370,600, value $5,920,939; found ; but as FowLia is still a fugitive from jus- priatton of $437,000 as a deficiency for this fiscal year, of^Bped envelopea 29.2m,025. value t»49.377 II ; tice, no arrest haa taken place, aad no. trial can be andafurther sum of $190,000 for the fiscal year end- mMBKatatalvalueof$6,870,31619,andshowinganbad.AcivilsuitonttisofficialbondhasbeeningJune30,1862,makingtheentirecostofthepresent-t.gMaapersedetbeas the haa muzzle-loadtog percussion-capthorized to divide tbe Stateof CaaforBla latetw»ia-aa bicreaae of per cent over the reven- I " neailTj>nravtooavvar. Theezceaaofexpenditures i !«*«»• for 1860 la •»,t5a,7<B 41, which Ufrom the ot toe Ctiscaoe Mountains, and, durtog the past year, superseded the fitot and steeL For toe re- dian Dtatrlcta.* This ha cavalryU kaa thaa 0>e eatimated daficlencT.much of the iehiplaUon to dishonesty to which Post- * Concerning tlie operations of the Department in the contract Is mtilnly east of toe Cascades.of tbe sabre.During the last four years explorations have de-i'^Stoics for 18B2 are estimated at $1<.»5,915 23,mastera are now and do aobjected,with most of of The surveys of New-Mexico, durtog toe year, have specialityrelative to tha at the aaw advantage*tIMtes •S.«BjS4 M, and the estimated de- itVKIjttO n. The esdmate-for the transpor- WfgrclgnmaliaU*643,8SS, vrUch added to theThe Puatmaater-Gleneral wl'n^w aa foUowa to a —everything that could be done, has beea done and 433.479 acres, and puttlic lands for an area of 8i6, 119 for navigation, and have revealed toe nature of toein the best manner. acres, enual to all to 2,30t} Itoeal miles, and contracta belt or country between toat river and toe settlemente " In a report addressed fo the House of Representa- The have been made tor toe survey of the confirmed of New-Mexico, and most of toe thirty-fifth degreeFrom Oregon we lean that dlfficultie* har* existed wito toe Indiana, ajlaing from the tardr rattfleatiaa of trisada* aaS m* tarflnn*- aVbeen extended for a odwhichwouldproveeOeotlve,itwillItaveremoved explrattonoftheirfirsttime.of sevenaad 2,99;^mileshavebeenrun.Thefield-worknowunder volverandbreech-loaderwill,totime,taketoeplace beenappototedbytbePraaMeat,'Ml4k>MpofiBhaanation. that Bhotudbody anooaed In arraaglng a meth-yearsha* done,as yet been received to justlQr aaaxpnaatonof oplatonperiodagents feaaaawaythe demonlisatlon whloh now diah wars the service. the Secretory takes occasion to congratulate himself been extenued over confirmed private titles equhl to monsfrated toat tbe Colorado ofthe West is suitable(yctam, yat no doubte are enterteUned of Ita favorable wodUac.subject which ia of special interest in this City:n41es have bten surveyed, embracing an area of t>65,-that labut holding a light for the depaedator. iaatead of dark- ganization of this Department is renewed. The In-ening hla way or aaHwnaaaioc him in the commissioa come of the'Office for the three quarters ending Sep- grestea along Columbia River to the extent of 1,109 the bands of totelllgent men. Immediate' atons aad clothing they will require ne sappUeafram ik* of his crime. In this ooovk^toa Mr. Hsu fiilly coa- tember 30, tUO, was $197,648 40 and its expenditure miles, or 33ti,6M acres. Preparations have beeumade, should be taken to arm all our light troop* wlto the Goverameat They anrafMHad a* quite aodalla.otfdelieieencyas aboveatated, with the esti- tives,underdataof5thJune last, the clreumstancea progresses. Owingtothe vastnumberofemployes, claimsemt/racing the town«of LasTegas,Plnosor ofiaiitode, across which roads are ImpraeUcable. approprlattons to folfiU their conditions, ri'flrtlM'commenced against his sureties, btit no 'judgment enumeraUon about $1,642,000, of which $I,303,(X)0 will bas as yet been obtained. They resist the recov- be paid to Marshals. He recommends the establish-stat- the Secretary advises some change in the laws—enorts have been laade to ascertain the cause for the ment without apprising it of the existence of this tion to that provision of the law which refers to the npaHleUraiy of valuAle letters and the result has agreement It was thus accepted in good faith by the keeping, support, &c., of the negroes thus broughtbeaa, that oat of 8,002 cases, in wtUch the Inquiries Government, without the ailghteat intimation from within the limits of the United States. Giving in de- of tM Dapartmaat have been answered, or where any quarter tliat its executioB waa informal or incom- tall an account of the three slavers token Into the caaaftwcre patent without inquiry, 3,983 letters were plete. The gross fraud attempted to be practiced by port of Key West, on which were 1,432 Africans;in Utah ihe opefatluns have been confined to the The general char^ter and reeonrces of the exten-examtoation of^ surveys, executed prior to 1838, ' sive region norto of toe Platte, and between the Mis-againstwhichallegationsoffraudhavebeenpre- sourlRiverandthePacificdivideoftheRockyMoun-willneedbutlittleaidbomGovernment;butthe lerreo. I'ke result Is not yet kaown. The whole tains bave been developed, and the existence toere of " Cories" and " Umpquaa" are suffering, and Isaaaa- survevs excuted since the organization of the Terri-it is difficult toof theof law and fact v^-hich have constantly arisen for years to Ihe administration of ite multifarious duties. Theseregularity of sales, assignmente, pre-andImprovement grants,year,a convey just:ofthehave been'weremade to matotato the only' Udcets,.and these treaties632,480 acres tion ol tile State of Minnesota, about one-third of Da- to toe Secretsry of the Interior, tmder whose revi- of land bave been ceded by toese treaties, ten ofhas been carried on against tbe Kiowa and Co-esty,Department,centper beingdally takes for the loan or forbear-Canadian, resulttogthe Indians to New-Mexico ain which Mr. OaMSBT was killed, and to toe subsequentDepartmentlooting, and have rendered necessary an unforeseenfair to be a power among toe tribes. The Superto- tendent for the (Central Superintendency communi- cates gratlfymg toteliigence The Indians under hisoffence was daUy committed by to* publicwhich contatoed numerous advarttaemaattof lomriaa allowed ta otoer States. Thta vlaUtlaa of the IgMtnhave to view toe closing of toe surv ytog departmentstion, he haa directed a auspenaion of immediate ac- ofboth Missouri and Louisiana. The estimates sub- tendence and control of the Indians to toe War De- supervision are making material improvement to laws should be dlillnntty laaolred ^to, and the ol-Inrelatlontoprraaymentoflettera,Mr.HoiTrepre- tionundertherailwaygrants,sofarastheconfilctlng mittedforFloridaareforsubdlvisionalworkofsome partment,sinceItisimpossibletokeeptheminsub- mannerandmorals,andareawakeningtoarealiza- fenderspresented. FtaaUy,tn*jnioitiiH8tbeeareM sents that people still continue to post unpaid letters. claims of the United States ami the State of Iowa in- 460,800 acres of arable land. The recommendadon of jection in any other way toan by a display of military tion of toe blesstogs conferred by cinllzation. The not to disclose any tailtawUekghouKbafMud. Thta T^*^ Departmeat for a long time took the trouble of terfere. The Wisconsin grant haa been fully closed the Surveyor-General to extend the township lines power. He thinks much might be saved to the Treas- Kansas drought te mentioned as havtog been disas- would be a misdemeanor, lai ol theirandOwing to the existence of certain land claims underover a region of south of and ury by devolving on Officers ofthe Army duties which country Carlosahatcher,north of toe Everglades, is not todorsed by toe Com- are now discharged by otoers at high rates of compen-mthat Territory, ttiough tiiose of aayona,^ttharown number or of a fonaer jdry, or aDyoBloar of ttiebut as the evil did not abate, though tlie necessity for the prepayment of let-Missouri Agency relative to some Letter-office. Mr. How also complains ed, and in the Report l>efore us the Secretary takes the provisions of toe recent act of Congress (approved ter's Department, toe report speaks to high terms of claim to have been unjustlyadvising the parties addressedters has become suadenily notorious, the practice the of Junetrous to toe tribesNortoern Nebraska have raaiized large crops. Some tha ahanld dt^satisfsction existe among the Sioux of toe Upper Court, commltttag ofiaee,the of the public missioner. In regard to toe progressboundary sation.it is said toat With reference to toe conduct of the (Quartermas-b* preaentad. When bta Honor had ctmcbHlad the charge, a juror asked whether flie jury had edgB^tMrnotret otter mat- terathaa thoae the Distilet-breaUaguponlyaaythat do^foundthem. Ttiejurymastthenfore,pceaentallof-large stotioned tobrought trampledupon,duty toe Attonasy, or moat fflmftne thalr action to complatotaPlattewith whom on toe head waters of toe Blue River. In this detichmeat of recruits, numbering 300 men, to which citizens upon toe the Mi^mf.^ Qaan* and tratea,has enteredyear to toe extent of the appro- model and mode carting heavy cannon,toe eitenslou of toe publicmetal furai^ projectiles.a distance ofconvinoe them. To a aqoatters paid no whereupon Agent, with Ills forceVat tooquestionsTEH WAR DEPARTMENT.The United States land survey has extended from Report ef Hon. J. R. Floyd, Secretary af all 3,087 granted to favor of Indians subsequent to the examtoation of wftnesse*, though any jorcff might aakto New-Mexico they are nomadic, and in Utah no treaties for the extinc-pnaaad,specific tracts of countrypurelytion of the Indian title have been made.whom twelve must concur in the;half across the Continent in the direction of tha Pacific, while starting from the shores of the Western Ocean, they are advancing eastward over the surfaceTerritory,wayspecified.themadvances in their blankate for civilization, changtoghave(jnartermaster>s department,. i,^had beenreturned for 2,iyu,000 acres. Unauthorued surveys toe Fuclfic, has been demonstrated. Valuable contri- Improved todi lands and met with success la ealO-terms of iu special treaty.Tho>ci>90>, Secretary :morningwlto aCHABGI TO THI AEAirO JtrtT.statement relative towhich It seems that the mail-bags of all kinds, pur-chased during the fiscal year ended 30th June last, The principle of acquiring Indian lands by purchase braska and Kansas, in New-Mexico and in Oregon. of treaty stipulations. After fulfilling the objecta for rule, it]mail-bagscost, bytoe Missouri River, to Ne- In the business of toe Land Office forevidence of floattog-rights, equal to 733 cash has been renutted fornitythta, byeriminata;patents paymentbut are found summing upalongand theb'itlons to science have tieen toddentaliy made byThe Indiana ofthe Warm Sprlu KasaryaMaa haaatoese explorations.ceived was $1,848,630. The sales tor the quarter end- Potot during tlie Summer witoout concluding ite but toe eslabUshment o( a permanent nsUtaiy —be replaced by one of lighter draught and of consid- Indians llvtog beyond tl^ tenUorlal liatita maka taUa erable speed. on toose of toe Kaservatfon*. and even attack tha After a brief reference to toe new poste which have lives and property ofthe white aattler*. Tke aapioy-Swamp Land Grante there have oeen selected to toeStales of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Miasourl, Alabama,Mississippi, Iowa, Loiilslana, Michigan, Arkansas, tary Ftorn called particular attention to the manner mended for service against theae outside baiiwrlaa*. Florida and Wisconsin, an aggregate area of 57,187,- to which toe work has been executed at Fort Wise, And it ta urged aa Impertaat that th* Indian* ofOre- t30 acres; andof tots quantity, 44,237,971 acres liave wliich is is sitoated to toe region of the Comanches gon and Washington Territocte* aot provUedforfay been approved to toe Stotes, and 31,461,220 acres have and Kiowas, towards Pike's Peak. Great credit is existtog treaties be nagotlhted vrlth at an early day. been patonted to the SUtes. An overflow or inundationfrom casual cause, merely temporary in ite effecte,does not bring toese lands wltoto toe law.been erected to toe c«urse of the last season. Secre- meatofasmallawlft war ateamar ta again raniimyear 396,'241$2,114of of Indian totereste.existtog claims By;which are ratified, while one U now before the Senate for consideration.grantedtoat date i,976\rarrants have been issued, making toite of toe State of New-York i£ favorable, and the In-toat toe actual and authorizedoftheArmyrematos substantially the sameas last toelrreservations. In relation to a ex- tomeritunusualcare,totoosecliargadwltothaexe-ment, reportsstrengtodians of Michigan have been successful in Improving formerlyfences, which were dremed of (uOciaat Importaneawesterlyeventoally to be toterlocked and united with the sur- Indians have been engaged In campaigns of toe limlte of llfelr land surveyed, no steps have beencution of toe laws.The first of toese was tos vlolation'ofnowby and for petty jealousies struggles7 he Menomtoees have manllested aandof iusubor-agent, chargingculture to almost pralsewortoy extent This estoetica dead letter to thta ; Citymora than leveaplacespirithim wi'Ji dishon-on have ex- Investigation,The Wiimebagoes continuebulent ones to order.steadily on toe march ofward betog chiefly obstructed by whisky, which is ne-drawn to vtolatlons of toelawaregulatfrigtheBaleofUquor. ThisCitywasway byto which attention would specialon a toorttypeace sees are provided wlto comfortable homes, and bid and advertif ementa toereof. The last branch of thtaroad between Fortscontracte for sur- been hostile during toe past season, and have not yet Lands have been allotted to 2,083 Indians during Ik specially given to toe offence taking illegallive by aadpoUfidaaa damagoguea.—Utafalndlan*. Tlwli irOn* tie hwtlaiail HiMlii hi4_Honor remarked to toetoe imposed npon juryto a commn- largetoe of toe moat—distrust la th* mUd* of tha r^ai.^ n to-te- ileved that toe acHon now taken Ih the** Mat- ters will restore pemmaaM tianquUlty. The r~«i"« to toat Superintendence are eittmatsd at 18,000 : 7,8** of which aie to Oregon and the rematoder to Waah- ington Territory, "rhe Indians at the Grand Raaoh and Seleta Agendea have had abaadaat erep* aalliketo toe State were accustomed to centre. Tills factscruttoy, whetoer he were in afailingpresent position.persononly safeguardof innocent parties from presentment byttiejury. Itef or tk* hill mustbedismissed. Theforemanshouldoonductthafendenthem. Ifthis statutewonldcometoba. Iftherataoftoteiestwere low it should be bat the taw eztating shouldopinionor wisdom of toe law should have no influenceobrma-tlan ta.h-a-d-titnamat(m_ —protactioa"^hepiria .^^aag^;^^i^.v::v^...asii&I'j&irrwww.fultonhistory.com'i^^SSSSiii^stmi!Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069-2:r^ r:i-?!S^^ ig-giJiii