 NEWYORKHERALD.GoreOusel*jwasatPanama,onhiswaytoH*vjn;n•• Ce»»tr»iJ A I I I O O R O O S 8 C I B E T T , •DTTOR *!T1> ffOPMOOB.„ • . .»rfh..-»r*ll~» • l ^ ^ l 1 *tmci B.w.tonim«f ••**-»AM*trotiMits.manifestoontheItalianquestion, insrhlchth<Advices from Honduras via Havanato the 23d December confirm the report by the last steamer from tbe Isthmus, that the English Minister in Central America, Mr. Wyke, had concluded negotiations with Honduras—first,mXXALP. fwe —a* Mr i X V .A K M O S t l THIS ITEM**.lOWKf.T TBaATaB• L O V S M A J U - U W V E B f • U IK W .WTirm «MHU>H.WAjJUtCK'w f O U T M , Too* T r » » It**.United Htateaahip Lancaster at Panama. A num- sively in thiu day's HMULD, being the firef ond, for tbe extinction of the so-called MosquitoVol*ber of courts-martial were ordered on board the Bo.3* •hipCyaneatPanama.time it has seen the light We have r<* Protectorate in the territory claimed by Hon- ceivedacopyofitfromtheeditorofth|duras.Itwillberememberedthatconventionsf w ni>i» to<—maeum—Won-* • wanes,t. sbesdwav. Aflef-Bto Oa—• tUnw tors.OAJton, braa*way.--ot«s*'s ton iHerran, the Plenipotentiary of Honduras, That regarding the Mosquito Protectorate was sufficiently acceptable to the Honduras govern- ment, but that providing for the surrender of the Bay Islands was coupled with so many re- strictions that its ratification was declined. It provided that the people should be practicallyor A LA.CBA. K n O T l THKATM. fU Brcedway.-JsAina3,060 mea into action, against a body of 7,000 United States. Certain it is, this address wilas.—la* Mono LIBBA«T HALU Mom*— n*a—oir*e Txuon. Orssua-Honduras regarded the surrender of the 'islands, under such restrictions, as of no prac- tical value, and an insult to her righto, rather than a recognition of her ancient and un- doubted sovereignty. She declined, therefore, as we have already said, to accept the conven- tions. In this she was supported by the clear- ly expressed sentiment of the Senate of the speeches of the session. He pronounced the suc- and its solution puzzles all its statesmen, Louis United States, in its action on the Clarendon-welding of the relations of the bond and free, a few millions of whites and blacks, working together and in harmony, have improved alikeof uncalled for letters at the city Poet Office:— row Onus,NEWYORK,Jin.24,186|>.ready declared, and blood had been shed. The South should meet their enemies at the threshold, and drive them back, or tear down the pillars of the temple of liberty, and whelm all in universalorigination of the plan by which a modifiedtemporal sovereignty of the Roman Pontiffmight ^bk reconciled with the politicallas are good, sound HERAU> doctrine, and as the country will see, they are directly in ac- cordance with the theory and practice of Mr. Buchanan's administration, to which Mr. Douglascontributions to the comfort aud relief of man. In these two great social necessities, twenty millions oi white men. with less than ten mil lions of negro slaves, contribute more to theJ n o * GOUKM BKCOER, £*<.,Publisfter of the HXKALD:—giving aa account of a great battle between the There is no doubt, that this manifesto baa fax Ocroaooa, oa Lira army under General Mlramon, and the liberal been drawn up by His Grace. We think we)amy commanded by Roche Rojas. The battle can trace in it his eloquent and lucid stylo; • was fought on December 21, on the Barrancode and that commanding ability which has ren*Beltram, near Cottma. The conservatives brought dered the distinguished prelate famous in thoHe shows that it has existed in this country for tworse than that of Broadway) still clinging to more than two hundred years, and that,start- his political skirts, and takes his stand on the ing with small beginnings, it now presents to firm, hard, high, solid ground of conservative the world four ainLa half millions of negroes, practical statesmanship. Mr. Douglas occupies who, under the guidance and example of the-freed/rtn of the Italian people and the 8n—Upon on examination of the papers submitted 14 the ruin. In the House Mr. Corwin concluded his spiritual authority of the successor ofspeech on the attitude of parties and the state of the country generally.The Senate yesterday in executive session rati- fied the treaty with China, and confirmed a number of appointments.These uncalled for letters, according to an act ofCongress, can only be published in the paW lature yesterday. In the Senate a report wai pre-competition for s4vertiainf the lists of uncalled for letinrs, 1 har* decided to award such pubhcation to the Nsw Y. >u Ruuno.Very respectfully, yoer ebedieat servant,ISAAC V- FOWLiatj JMatmaatet.SL 1 Peter, and only gives Napoleon the cWdit of adopting the policy of British statesmen. The fact is just the reverse.; and to the French Emperor alone is due the merit of un- ravelling the tangled skein of the Italian difficul- ty—first, by war, in the expulsion of the Haps burg, and second, by peace, in regulating andhas been opposed. Not without some linger- employment, comfort and health of lour bunculation, like that of the HERALD, the price paid by the government does not remunerate us for the paper on which the lists are printed. We are in hopes that Congress will yet alter the law,discussing a private claim for canal damages. Argument in the Lemmon slave case was com-menced yesterday by Mr. Charles O'Conor before the Court of Appeals at Albany.by the horns, and claims that the title of the Pope is better than that of any dynasty in En- rope, because it originated in the sovereign will of the people. Here there is no claim of the divine right of kings, but the assertion of the democratic principle, that the people are theBhall be regarded as British subjects, under the same conditions as other British subjects resid- ing in other parts of the republic.from the washing.slavery is an evil, and the force of logic will carry them irresistibly to the same conclusion. Their hopes to participate in the offices and theone of our weekly eotemporariea has recently boast-fBl)y published their receipts for a few weeks, incomparison with those of the HERALD, which werenews than to the professedly religious journals. The examination of witnesses hi the Bulla Ferryrape case was continued yesterday at the Hudsonfesto puts the quote:—pointin anutshell.Let usinstead of Belize, as provided in the Clarendon-previously published, and Claim a superiority. This County Circuit Court An attempt was made byThe temporal authority of the Pope is ono of these ques- tions. His title, as it stands to-day, is beyond all dispute be moat legitimate that can be pat forward by any sove- reign in Europe or in the world. * * • But some, par- heps, will inquire into the origin of this title. We answer thai tbe origin does not appear on the human record. All we know is, t£at after the conversion of Constantine thenegotiations. They have yet to receive the the country will demand some man whose past HEWS FROM THE STATE CAPITAL. ratification of the Legislature of Honduras, of career is a guarantee for his reliability in themode of paradingfigureswould do very well if notdisingenuously done. Our receipte related simply tothe DAILY HSRAI.D; those of our cotemporary werefrom their weekly subscribers. Their receipts are morning at half-past nine o'clock. Owing to thewhich there can be but little doubt, since it is present position of affairs. And the record ofTbe Pro Rata Freight Scheme—What tbe Erte Railroad Freight AgcntThiekj of It—Mew Yorb City Railroada—Tlae Lent- anon S l a v e Caae, die., die..OCR SPECIAL ALBANY DESTATCH. AIKA.NY. Jan 2i, 1860The n>prescctativee of toe trie Railroad made their ep ] earaiio- Uits afternoon before the Select Committee on I ro Rata freight.Mr. Hawiey opecetl the coutru\urty liy marking out the course to be adopted in the testimony that thoy were about to oUVr.lunwall, bringing the semi-monthly Pacific mails, bales, against 1407,000 in 1869, 700,000 In 1868, and and the pasaeogers and specie per steamer Golden 720,000 in 1867. The stock on b a n i embraced 1,045,000 Age. which sailed from pan Francisco on the 5th bales, against 870,000 in 1S6S, 677,000 in 1868, and 802,000tionto the great question now agitating the country, and comments in a carping and hostile spirit on the able speech delivered by Mr. O'Co- nor at the Union meeting in this city.cto" qi;.n..Ed rcralore 1... .• i y he Committee andother numbers present. Every lact *netted tuttbe above lacis.Tue (ouJiniUt-e at live o'clock adjOuriuMt until to mor-row moimtii.', to hear tbe testimony of Jlr. Mamb. lb* Ke*u\rr of that roa>:, who will then t>^ ready waa lActtVarmp upDn tfce eilectof thai kmdet k«gmi-Um.instant. She brought 40t passengers, and $1,760,582 in specie consigned to various parties.in 1867. The Hour market was slightly lower for common and medium grades of Sute and Western, with mors doing at the Concession. Sonthern Soar was sold to a (air extent, and without change-of moment in prices. Wheat was inactive. The chief sale embraced Michigan prime white, at $1 60. Corn was steady, with sales of Jersey and Southern white and yellow at 80c.The news from California is but three days laterthan the advices received by the overland mail, andte comparatively unimportant. Business had under-gone no perceptible improvement The Legisla-ture had met and effected an organisation. It is , a 82c. Pork was timer, with mor« doing at th? q 10-then a right to confirm, they have now a right to abrogate, if they are able, and if they think it is for the interests of civilization and progress to do so. And this proves that Napo-pean interests, which she should be allowed to follow out without offensive and unnecessary intervention.The impudence, ignorance and hypocrisy of Tie lioard of fiupcrvteon! of New York nave petitioned !reportedthatmoretroubleisanticipatedframthe tatjoasgiveninanothercolumn. Sugarswereinactive, Indians in Pitt river valley. Fifteen hundred sa- and sales to-day confined to gome 62 hhda The trans-Juoge of each cocnty, who tbail r«-:v« a nonce of a. leonisrightinthepositionhehasassumed. Tlae Hutktiun of the Succession—What gencyofthedemocraticpartyinthisState. election,shallwithoutdeiayoeiiveracopyotaac"}unvages had collected at the bend of that stream.Fredsctek Elmore, who shot Thomas Raleigh Ma" >aa. and was indicted by the Grand Jury of San Francisco for assault with a deadly weapon, had l e t . and it was supposed to this city. A requiem•••swae celebrated in the church of Notre Dame d*aTktflAM*»fiaa Francisco, for the repose of the_***_! *•**' °*Savannah.Oregon and Washington void of general interestactions yesterday embraced some 1,200 hhda, 300 of which »« re made late in the afternoon and not reported. Cooee was quiet, swatting the public sale to come oil' m a iVw days. 200 mats Java were sold at 15c. Freights were some firmer, with mora doing for Eag.tsh ports. Among the engagements to Liverpool, 1,700 bal«* of cotton were engaged at 3-lfld. a 7 32d., and 6,000 bualwlaof corn in ships bags at fid.PnooitEs.s or THE POLITICAL AUITATIOV INHe holds his own title by the will of the people. Will be Done at Charleston.He wishes the Pope to do the same, or not to As only a very short time—but a little moteWhileMr. O'Conor hastakenapositionwhich,from thefirstpostulate to the last deduction, isantagonistic to that of Mr. Seward, the AlbanyRegency of Cassidy, Cagger & Co. start withtieu to the Board of Sopervt^ovs ot f-»i.l or untv, and to the supervisors or one of the ashesAurs 01 .^«m town or ward in bis county. lie ahaJi also cause a c p v of auch notice 10 be publibbed one* in tach * .»ek .mi. ifce eieciioo there in specified, in such ne .vspaj <rs to bw county, not eac-ed inr e-jtbt m number, a. eaad be designated lor thai pur po«e by a rntlution of the Board o; ^up -visors of amid ounfy.had absolutelytheeJahvmad.Wythe ZZZT~*"*<*people is, the best and fairest way to removevery from the land. The law stands in the way;A»»ifc«Aot A«!«rKi» on tiK> Stu iiay ot i i i i i j i , 13&J, sad cubecquenuy approved bv ii»e ,V..or ef sat-, city OB the fitu 0-y a ilarcb. lnii. & herebyth_Tb* I'.tce.dessnb'Vt orciaEuee, provid:i.jr for anl ambon/ ingtheregilatingofnrry urn street fro-atl-e Third area -.nto the Sixth, in said city, ac-tun* girt ai)dg.u*>r,an I ri« rng woewaiks limr ieet uid», whick was ..k^tcd by uid Board of ABEfetant Aliermea en the 8»*<iay 0; *fc»y, V-A, and subCMruemiy adofHe/J by the Iwerd oi AidariofcB .0 tbe Mb day of Febrcwy. Ib&l. sod f ;*eq«»ewtty approval by tbe Mayor on the 7th day of Fjbrnarv. 1*4;:, is h^.eoy 9 ciailkineU. i*gau*ed and mace »auu and 'effectual.The likedeseribed ordinance, jrovidusj for end auUio- rbongthe rcguuttioaef lbi'« averac irom Lich f ninth sutet ie> tuit hnnore-d and uata s ;...<, in aaki «ty. »n., aand issjiwsj g ^'at Urn sllha ** ""' mmmt*t'£mw v r ,* ^^ » ***s>»Mn and tds-rulic, reviving the constitutional and conserva- But we fear if this were done the Pope would tive principles of the great statesmen who not get so good terms as what Napoleon de- have reflected lustre upon the history of thesires to seeare for him. It U highly probable cou^ry, and generally making themselves that he would lose Rome as well as the rest of masters of the portion of the pieces upon tilehis dominions, end thaihe would be exiled, as groat backgammon board, the game upon be was eleven years ago, and as the Duke* of which has already been opened at Washington,Northern Italy are now; He owes his restora- wad which will duly wind up at Charleston.Bnt little of importance happened in the hegtsdred millions of civilized men in America and Europe than do the hundreds of millions of un- assisted and unorganized men in Africa and India together.crowded state of our columns we are compelled to omitareportofthe case(•real the seat of empire was transferred from Rometo Byzantium. During the immediate subsequent President. Whether they will be acceptable ages the Emperor and his successors withdrewnot only their presence, but also their protecttoa tothe British government, however, remains from the people or Italy, The people ceased not to invokethe aid of the Kmperor in periods of trial and of desolation,NEWYORK'HERALD,W^DAt/MuB^ ^'^0.j•' u *'• i >'l f"i.i'i.i ' * ' •*vador, deeircjiag a va»t deal of property. 8'r Tfce Temporal Sovereignty of iff Fto; Impost antNicaragua had decbued M Belly's canal contract at aa end. ,The Bishop* of France have issued thetf d # r o f U M B a y l a l a m d s .We learn from New Granada that the Congress temporal sovereignty of 0 » Pope » an Ingre is to meet on the 1st of February, and will dispose dicnt The Bishops of the Province of Ket finally ef the'Caas-Herran Convention. Tne revo- York, with Archbishop Hugbew at the* lutionists held entire posiessioa of the State of Ba-tice in ail nations, and of all religions (except, perhsps, toe modern puritanism of How Eeg land), for thousands of yean. He asserts that tbe institution of domestic slavery U one that has frown oat of the imperfections of our human nature sad the needs and requirements of society, in communities com-posed of unequal and dissonant races of men,ment, the Senator from Illinois now eaergee and bappicess on both the bond and too free.liberate. The action commenced at 9 A. M. and produce a powerful effect in flurope. It pur- lasted until 2 P. M. The liberals had from 600 tosented providing for an appropriation of $1,000,000per evidence before him, the Postmaster has de- in aid of the Albany and Susquchannah Railroad. circumscribing the temporal power of the Pope meet the views of the Honduras government.In taking this position Mr. O'Conor trulyhaving the largest circulation ; and, with the pro-at the close and beginning of each year. Otherperiods are comparatively barren months to them.The best way to test this matter is to publish the last evening, the affidavit of a person named Green ot famine, pestilence and invasion by barbarous nations. Wyke ventured on the arrangement withoutAt the meeting of the Board of Ten Governorsto be s'een. It is barely possible that Mr.Lambert was transmitted to them in a communica- To their appeal no answer came, nor any aid. la these entire daily receipts of each establishment for each tion from Mayor Wood. This affidavit informed the trying circumstances the people raised their hands to the year lor ten years back/ This will settle the point sovereign Pontilt, calling upon him to be their temporalsufficient instruction and authority; but this is not likely. Under all the circumstances, we are inclined to believe that Great Britain has finally and judiciously determined to abandon he> offensive pretensions in Honduras and Nicaragua. But we prefer to reserve our con- gratulations on her wisdom in this respect un- til we really see the English flag struck onBoard that Green was sent to prison for six months saviour as well as their lather. " • * * * The tem- that is now causing so much anxiety to a number last May,'and that he then had fifty-four dollars, poral authority of the Emperors from Constantino theGreat ceased to be exercised in what is now called the of obscure editors and publishers, whose receipts which he gave in charge to an employe named Hill, Sta'es of the Church, but especially in that portion wni iipeople intend to bring about, and it oan befor a year scarcely amount 'to one day's incomeof this establishment or that of our weekly cotem- tiary Committee to investigate the charge and reporary. ;Meanwhile, let Congress abolish all arbitrary andfixed prices for work to be done for government When that is accomplished, lists of letters, propo- sals [or loans and contract* can appear in journals having large circulation*. Merc party papers, with- out character and without circulation, perform the work now, and the public never know what is done.Th« News.The steamer Baltic arrived last evening from Asport upon it. A report regarding the condition ofthe children taken to the West from the institutions in the limits of wbat afterwards become bis civil jurisdic-Ruatan, and the Mosquito Commission actuallywouiii drive from thrm th.-ir through fr< ights, and to the conservative masses. Things are shaping keep up tt;c.r receipts U; v.h^X they are now—wbwli 1* themselves now to bring about the nomination not enough to pay l L i e r m <ic the capital invested—but on his discharge Hill only returned him twenty was more immediau-ly connected with the imperial city of Rome. It was not usurped, bv the Holy Kat'ier. It wasrather forced upon him by the wishes and clamor of a neglected and ungovemed people. It was a re* dcrclicta. Bui at all events in tho origin ot the temporal power of UK- V<>pe. he was the chosen ruler of the Italian people, wKhMr. Blanchard. the freight agonl ol that read, was flrn any one else. In fact, there \$ no other man ley and 6e>tii'.ur. Among the many tscts stated by Mr-dollars. The subject was referred to the Peniten-Kianchard was. that if a pn> rata i;»w was adopted I1was received front Rev. C. C. Townsend, of Towa City. The report waa favorable in every respect A good deal of routine business was disposed of by the Board. The number in the institutions at present is B,2?2, a decrease of 40 for the week.tion. Popular history at<t«s that at a subsequent periodPepin and Charlemagne of France made him a donatio* of in session. It is certainly time that Great Bri- of Mr. Buchanan at Charleston, with the un- ita«y would have to inert***' the average price perThe sales of cotton yesterday embraced about 1 ,t.'00 the Pope his temporal dominion. they confirmed it.But ingtoal of doing soat the swne rate as Urge iota, ami Uiat mi.Vr a pro rata law there would be no inducement i<w thru U> run u-asw west of Tort Jen-la. They eoukt not coai? u- with lbs r<mte for Philadelphia at Kimira, ..r the lv-istare and Lack-wana ai Great B?nd, and thai ti> y would b? co—r pelled to charge more fur transporting tii<: dairy productsbales. The market waa lew buoyant, and closed at sSout one-eighth of a cent lower for some descriptions. We give quotations in another column. The receipts at the ports since the 1st of September last have reached *2,612, 000 bales, against 2,190,000 in 1869,1,290,000 In 1&&8, and 1,842,000 in 1867. The exports have reached l,44ft,000Now, it is here admitted that the sovereignpeople first conferred upon the Pope his title,and that crowned heads subsequently strength-ened and confirmed it. There is no assertion of support; and to gain these, let her w'pe out her any divine origin of the title. Now, it Is a Mosquito protectorates, and finally dispose of maxim in political philosophy that those who all needles? and irritating questions between gave can take away. If the people had the two countries. Let her recognise the fact a right to give, they have an equal right that the United States has a legitimate Conti- to take away. If emperors of France had nental policy in no way contravening Euro-n tact astern portion of th< :r road 10 the city of NewPacific are impo- THE CojiMKiiciAL WoKi-D.—The effects of thepoleon desires to confirm their action. If thereis any doubt about what the will of the Italian cutting, carving and trimming their politicalrt Castaia, of Pern,present exciting political agitation of the sla- very question upon the commerce of the coup- try, are being demonstrated in the South by a novel system—namely, that of separating theclothes to suit the exigencies of the time andthe taste of the people, hushing up their old and to prevent any from entering, and let the Ideas, inherited from the fathers of the repub-FromCentalAa***weteamthatHtntetsr aughtweknow,received by the Sicaraguaa g> • risatlaal of Guabsmala assured1 that ttet m «•*••*» tf »*•* «"** mmwooidgo far to settie the Cen- tral amoricae ccanplkations of the Dotted S**J«Ex-Preaiek.itMors had failed tore- ion In Cost* Rica. A very destruc-and elaborate speech upon his own resolution: •'That the Committee on the Judiciary be in- structed to report a bill for the protection of each State and Territory of the Union against invasion by the authorities or inhabitants ofis CimeraXiy JootLed upon *iiB»g.ir.ded of so bete.Mr. Varna also u»trodu*»d a <atv rs;?ro*l bu last e-*- mng, as follow*:-, w Worth, im» B. *.*•! > i C X Wb^eWcharn Sands, K I. ;.,.(rt»v,, Joaers.ni Bro*.<,*». N. a u d . b Campbc!1, TboTU* Mihe-, sue tb-i' i •» elates, successors and aiticiw. to c a s t r o a and owr*'-* a »iuln>e^thit>uih,Bpouw,aalor^tJ^flo:iowio<s4r«t;s\ 1 as vnuca m the cttv o: \ e * Y»rk viz —,roui i.raod ai-o*••try with a rtr*bie tr*rfc to the B rw. ry, thence .-..«.- i*» Bowery to Fourteenth street, th**.*.* a t a i ; Fot,.-i<*4i«imhave found it desirable to to their establishments.6.rt earthquake had vhutcd the repubtte of 9m 6ti- tit*K ^ t h avenue wuh a ooub* track to Twenty a*.ta r m t . with a asgfe track to Tenth ajrepte. thence ataqg tectauRta aUsxeil that sha *. ^ ^ »«»tie different comai«ciil houses of the North intowas actually hossBe, ho havingea the Peruvian Minister inV** **«•>assielnedb, 1 an odd coincidence that this newsaccording to the politicaltendenciesofproprietors, in this city, and fat manyNorthern once, bureaus are noweatab-^ " * * « J b e purpose of discovering the pcliti-, l a fc fH~ ? ' ' *« thebuaineas houses, and notingthaabolitiw soundThese bureaus A* system ofire known to be tainted with and those who are of utional opinions. somewhat upon aud.for lives may •ach bureaustion to Napoleon, and he omen the moat ad-vantageous terms he can now obtain to thesame great statesman. It is, therefore, as un- may bo found in the course of Senator .DoqgUs. gratefulasitIsunwiseonthoportofthePope IntheSenate,onMonday,hemadealengthy to quarrel with his best friend, the Emperor ofthe way. They, too, find that slavery is an was adopted by the Board of CA»<Klinen on th>- «Sth dayevB, and tbey inscribe the fact upon their Buf- otyieirnnber, IShf. aao subse^-i-eiiy adopted b> tni Beard of Aldermen on trie Udt «l»y ef April, 1.SM,This la a significant omen; and nu u t . . ,, . . • ^ »s but theprelude to a serious moveonthen^Hof * South, which will ultimately result incial troubled, bankrupted*; IBdj&rPRYOs, of Virginia, did not yesterday, inthe House of Representatives, calumniate, inand the Aiwerfeav* Baslasips* ffetlallom =1tent to invade, aasaii, or molest the govorn- logic of their common startingpeiAt»<tfcjtjt jda-eryisanerfl. '^ • nt,inhabitants,property,orinstitution*of Ty other State or Territory of the Union-*fter detailing the reasons which demand the position to t|»t of * » Albany Regency endnactment of such a just and proper taw as Seward -one that bashed the saaetion of prac-»*r*« tyseai » 9 toalfAiMI N d M oa Mlrr%MM> ranqullla. Sir William Gore Oaseley visited the markable document, which is published exclaj fur the surrender of the Bay Islands, and sec-t which hie resolution embodies, Mr. Douglas roceeded to make an exposition of hi* own position and principles, in a speech which oan-1 ot fail to command the attention of the couu- In a single moment, Mr. Douglas has re- fed all flft political heresies and schisms, dhas asked to be received back into full ommunion with the democratic church. Afteree yearsfilibusteringupon the abstractions ofthe Sooth, after havingflounderedJh the •lough end a crime, be boldly and truthfully states of denpond, sinking deerer nrevery move- that it has conferred much comparative goodBy tee arrival of the Baltic we are placed inpossession of interesting news from Mexico, Metropolitan Record-toe organ of Archbishopbead, now promulgate their views In a very re-to this effect were signed in London in August, brought to Panama by the English mail steamer, Hughes-in which it will appear this week 1856, between Lord Clarendon and Don Victorand instead of admitting that it is aa eviJ. a sto700 kiHed and wounded, and the conservatives 300, ports to be a reply to the recent pamphlet at- independent of the Honduras government,rawMffniTHXAT**. ,-*•»Owoaoc*—Miramoncapturedfivefieldpiecesand2,000pri-tributedtotheinspiration,ifnottothewhileunderitsnominalsovereignty.Inotherapositionsimilartothatofthechildrenofintellectofthewhiteman,exhibitasocial,BBOA0WAT BOtJDOa **« fcwe£w»y.~0»n J s n a u -soners. On the 24th he took possession of Colima pen, of the Emperor of the French. It and sent a detachment to Manaanillo and seized ranges over a wide field of discussion,two vessels—the General Vega and La Suerfce— and touches upon a variety of topics, which), and armed them. Their destination is supposed to however interesting to Catholics in a reli-beMazatlan.We have twe weeks later news from Buenoswords, the people of the islands were to have their own municipal law*—they were to pay no duties, not to be taxed except for purposes of their own, nor to be called on for military service. Slavery was tube pro-Israel when they stood on Fisgah's height moral and material elevation and civilisationand viewed the sweet fields of Canaan, on tbe which the unassisted negro in Africa has no- 0thersideofJordan. where attained in thirty centuriesofhistoryMr. Douglas7 views on the state of the Union, He proves that it has conferred equal beaofluupon the white race, both within and without the position of parties, the irrepressible con- the domain of slavery. Under this admirableAyrea. The dates are to the 29th ot November. The ratification of peace between Buenos Ayres and the 'Argentine Confederation was duly cele- brated by religious services in the churches and grand military displays.gious point of view, are of no political impor- tance. There te one point, and one only, whirs demands the attention of statesmen, and that is the origin of the title of the temporal sove- reignty of the Pope. The spiritual sovereign- ty is not in dispute. That pertains to theolo- gians, and Louis Napoleon, himself a Catholic,hibited forever, nor were any fortifications be erected on the islands.toflict of Mr. Seward, and the raid of Mr. Seward'spipneer, John Brown, are sound and truthful,and will be endorsed by the conservative sen-timent of the country. Mr. Douglas has been tbe comfort and the hygiene of tho wholeOur Congressional reports this morning are im-f e w 1 o r h , W e d n e s d a y , J a n a a r y A 3 , 1 8 * 0 . portant In the Senate yesterday Mr. Douglas' and even "the eldest son of the church,''woulda long time making up his mind to them, and world—civilized, barbarian and savage. The has shut his eyes to the light we have offered cotton which negro slavery— and negro slaveryhim over and over again. For the fact is, that alone—has produced and is producing, has im- the sentiments contained in this very speech proved the elbthiog of men everywhere,CISCULATIOH 07 TBI HERALD. of States and Territories were discussed by Mr. Toombs, of Georgia, who delivered one of the We Lave received the following note from the most violent and uncompromisingly disunionsovereignty, therefore, is the only matter in dis- pute; but that involves the peace of Europe,are the sentiments which we have always advo-given a new reward to barren labor, and stimuresolutions respecting the suppression of invasion be the last to call it in question. The temporalPostmaster of this city, constituting the Naw Y^RK cess of the black republican party cause for Napoleon excepted. The London Times, in aHIKALD the medium for tie publication of the lift the secession of the South. War, he said, was al- recent article, claims credit for England for theDallas treaty, In whiflh the principles of these conventions were more or less distinctly recog- nized. That treaty was rejected, in so far as it implied any concurrence in the attempt of Great Britain to fetter the absolute dominion of Honduras over the islands. The govern- ment-of that country thus received the moral support of the United States in the stand which it had taken. ' ,So things remained until, on the 18th of De- cember last, Mr. Wyke was despatched to Hon- duras in order to renew the conventions, if pos- sible, and carry them in their original form; or, failing in that, tu so modify them as tocated, and its key note—that the John Brown lates the civilizing influence of commerce raid was the logical sequence of the preaching The sugar, which almost alone come* frostandteachingsof the black republican leaders. the labor of the ungro, under the con- Seward, Greeley &Co.—we have held from the trol and guidance of tbe wa:-- man, hasbeginning. The ideas advanced by Mr. Doug- improved the food, as well as the medicinalIt was, referred to the Committee of the Whole. A so as to make it consistent with the liberties of According to our advices, he was driven to report favorable to providing means for the com- the people of the Romagna. and at the same the latter expedient, and finally revised thecided that the Haw Y ou, HJEBALD has the largwrt daily circulation of any journal in the metropolis, and, we may safely add, hi the world.We do not care for these weekly lists of letters.We accept them merely as an evidence of the ex- children of John Jacob Astir was passed to a York, taking higher and more practical ground lished in them shall retain their actual landed tensive circulation of our paper. W.th a large cir- third reading. The Assembly was engaged in than did the Bishops of France, seizes the ball and other property, and such as elect to do sopletion of the canals aud to fully supply them withwater was also presented. The papers relative totime to accomplish a permanent settlement of the Italian question.humble they may be, mast submit to a littlevail. The Albany Argns. and tbe Albany Rethe New YorsaAcademy of Music were forwardeda stage. The bill for the relief of the great grand- Now, the able letter of .he Bishops of New without condition, except that the people estab-faith, and prevents backsliding, lu three or vain. It little matters whether they agree or four years Mr. Douglas will come out fresh, not, precisely, with Seward to-day. They ad- snowy and clean, like a spring lamb just come mit, with him, the great starting point, thatTen prisoners, charged with murder and deadly assaults, were arraigned before the Court of Oyerhave been making so much noise about Mr. constitution keep them to-day from attacking«ad pay for the space occupied by these listsof letters in the same way and at the same rate and Terminer yesterday, and then remanded to true source of all legitimate power—the same a Dios and the river Wauks; and, if a joint com- toff, will now redouble their clamor; but his moral and material progress. But in teaching.that merchants, theatrical managers, mechanics, prison to await trial. The trial of the Pive Point-* principle which triumphed in the English revo- mission (provided for in the settlement) shall murder case was then resumed, and all the testi-time has not yet arrived. If Mr. Douglas had in common with Seward, Wendell Phillips andsupported tbe administration of Mr. Buchanan Garrison, the fallacy that slavery is an evil, the during the last three years, and given hi< aid to Albany Regency of Cassidy, Cagger A Co. supits patriotic aud statesmanlike measures, he port and advance the efforts of fanaticism towould, no doubt, be the only prominent and involve the Union in a struggle which may endsuccessful man for Charleston. Bu* tin blood and conflagration, both in the South he has pursued an absurd and factious and in the North.course, through which he has lo&t achambermaids, cooks and others pay for their ad- vertisements. In all business transactions govern- ments are only individuate,and should not heal- lowed to tix the price of anything they desire. The circulation of newspapers,tikecompetition in trade,should regulate this matter. Tailors fix the priceof the coats they sell: newspapers should decidelution which dethroned and beheaded Charles find any Mosquito Indians in the territory in column. I. of England, gave the reins of power to Crom- question they shall have a sufficient reservation Rev. Henry Ward Beecher last evening delivered well, restored royalty in the person of Charles set apart for them, within which they must re-mony concluded. We give a report in anothera lecture in the Forsyth stieet Methodist church, on "Politics and Religion." He pointed out at great length the da ies of ministers in respect to infusing the religious element into politics, and poured a torrent of ridicule upon the pulpits that ignoredtheimportanceofpolitico-reb'gioasteach-II., and again overthrew the Stuart dynasty and placed on the throne William Prince of Orange. It is the same principle which lies at the bottom of the American Revolution, and is embodied in the Declaration of Independencetire within a stipulated time—the government of Honduras to pay a sum not exceeding $5,000 per annum towards their maintenance and civi- lization.andtheConstitutionoftheUnitedStates. Itis secular newspapers for the spread of 'religious is ruler of France to-day. The Episcopal mani-3. All pending claims of British subjects on great deal of ground in tbe South, and #&- PBYOB, of Virginia, did not yesterday Hondurastobesettledbyarbitration—thecom- gainednoneofanyconsequenceintheNorth. brutallyassail,withliesandlibels,thecharac- mission for that purpose to meet in Guatemala, The South will not accept Mr. Douglas thisuponthepriceofanadvertisement.Apropos of these letter lists and our business: ing. He said the country was more indebted to the the principle in virtue of which Napoleon HI.time. He will not be considered as having ter of any lady in private life. Tbe "land otchivalry" ought to rejoice. See Congressional been fully cleansed from the stains of hi* quag- , report. ______________the defendant's counsel to prove J» alibi, by pro- ducing witnesses who gave testin->ny to that effect The testimony on both sides was closed yesterday afternoon, and the summing up will commence thistins same territory, with additional grants ot' extension aa to its surface ;md population. * * The merit of their conduct on that occamon consist's in the fact that they reve- renced and strengthened in the tuureme Sovereign of tui Church a title with which he wa<* already invested. They were Catholic princes. They coulu have taken away froml< a from tho prest ul average price upon all t'n-ir lrugnr. most place for the succession. He may be fiota two dollars twenty seven ueuis \*-r ton to Ave uoib i s ninety uv<* crntK. The "Xi.ress bujjUicSB he coaatdered elected in 1864, but he will not answer in the would be ruined under a law char^n^ for small anwuDUithan two months—will elapse before the meet- their own rulers is admitted equally by the ing of the Charleston Convention, the poli-holditatall. TherightofthepeopletochooseAmerican Kishops and the Emperor of the French. Tbe question of fact, then, only re- mains what is the will of the Italian people:' Theinhabitantsofthe*Romagnaticians throughout the country, by speeches, letters and addresses, in the press and public meetings, and especially in Congress, are busi- lyengagedinarrangingtherecordoftheir political servicer, endeavoring to cover up their little errors and their great blunders,Seward from the same admission of facts, andtravel hand in hand with him up to a certain point Amor.c, the b!Il8 introduced in »h» House laet night washave already settled that n#oint>and Louis Na-one by iir. \ ar.au, to e-tfiiirm au«i male, valid and eff.*- in the argument. Both of them assert that tbe tual certain ordtrancea of toe Gjurn^t Council of the crtyinstitutionofslavery,asitexistsintheSouthern olNewYork. Iiprovidesthat—"Theordinance*ofion Sieyor, xUercr.cn and tommeuapy of tb.- envoi NewStates, is an evil, a sin and a crime. Seward, Y'Tk,m •'omnion t'cusrii con,(i/>-d, prvvidiog lor sad auihoT.?4rgther«gtuatjng of lu'tv-cinth street, between follows out the argument from this prcxise T*i*tti avenue and ll!o<>nsmgda*.3 rr-ad, m ESKI ettv, wbic'i with logical precision. He would abolish sla- » as adopted by the Board r.f ,\ !d rrc.-c nn tbe 36th day of ix.t*Wiber, 1B»I,and £ub:<rj<nn']> adopted by the Board ofit is to withdraw all foreign troops from Italy,he appeals to a -higher law." The Constitutionprohibits any interference with the institute m of ^pn.firmed, legs.lircd and m*d< valid arid e.Bectuaipeoplefettle their Institutionsforthemselves.slavery; he would abrogate the ConstitutionTbe people are averse to this abrogation: bewould spur them on to it by inauguratiug abrutal war, after the uahion of iJwhn BroTvnuntil the ev3, the sin, and the crime shall bavedisappeared in flames and blood. Cassidy,Cagger & Co. march with him only'a part ofFrance..his own beastly language, any person at all. any other State or Territory; and for the sup-Untitled DocumentboTheMotherof Presidents willglad. SeeThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069pression andcombinations in any State or Territory, with2. The territorial limits of Honduras are recog- nized as being those which she has always claim- ed, extending southward as far as Cape GraciasWe are quite well aware that the obscurenewspapers and Binall political cliques who rewards which are to be enjoyed under theHerran convention.Such are the essential results of the new mire. The conservative men in all sections ofunderstood that that body is fully in accordMr.Buchanan's administration isoneofsuchhigh-toned practical statesmanship as to provebeyond all doubt that he is the man of thehour. To be entirely safe, the Charleston Con-vention must give the nomination to Mr. Bu-chanan. His nomination and election wouldcalm the discordant elements which now threat-en to dismember the confederacy. That is theresult which the conservative portion of ourdone with Mr. Buchanan more safeiy than with placed i;jx>n the stand, and queuboted LyMiisre. Ila«with General Guardiola, the newly electedtain should recognise the fact that whatever alliances of policy she may make on the Euro- pean Continent, they are but as wisps of straw to the ligatures by which she may attach America to her in case her policy towards this country shall be open, liberal, consistent and sincere. The day probably is not far distant when she may need our active sympathy andderstanding that Mr. Douglas holds the foreAmong too most important of these move- ments oa the part of the politicians of the dayand «ttt*t«tue*t.'y appro,*! br the Marat oc tttn Mthdayof April, ISA*, a hereby cmtiraied, kgt'.ttedand made valid and effect .-.:. butwhentbeycomeuptothebarrierofthe AnythingthattheCew>m>*OIUDCI)et**wYorkfrom the morass, with the debris of its muding regrets Mr. Douglas has now buried, in adecent way, his best beloved infant, SquatterSovereignty. Whom the gods love, saith theproverb, die young; and no one will intrudeupon the Senator's paternal tears. The infant,though tenderly reared, was never strong, andfell a victim at last to tbe John Brown fever. states tbe premises of the question that today1 Mr. Douglas must have a little time to weep, to agitates this country, and that will continue to watch and pray. Penitents, no matter how agitate it until fanatical error or sober truth preconventions to the following effect:—1. The Bay Islands are restored to Honduras probation. It makes them stronger in the gency of Cassidy, Cagger &Co., attack him inDouglas as the proper candidate for Charles- that great palladium of our liberties and ourbefore the country who has the confidence ofSouthernmarkedfor18(M>.Tbe Attacks of tbe Albany Argus on Mr.OHonor—Identity vt Sewavrdlsra and tnr Alban> Regency Doctrines.The Atlas, organ of the Albany Regency ofCassidy, Cagger &. Co.#insists that Mr. O'Conor York. As far as tho File Koati is rx>n< i-rned, be wws of and Mr. Seward hold the same position In rela the decided opinion thai .t wouid be ruinous. He waathis assertion are worthy of the old Buffalo plat- ihe LejT *iaare for an amendment of the Kfectkm act Lapsed April 6,1&42, amenaatg aecuon fourteen of 'hatform men, who now compose the Albany Re-act so that it ahaii read " Toe Sheriff, Clerk or Countyfalo flag. Tbey would exclude it from tbe Tur-Constitution, they smell the fat spoils in theFederal kitchen., and they will go no farther.There they halt, hungering after tbe flesh potsand spoils of tbe White House. Some of theirold companions refuse to be held back by thehopes 0! effi <, bat coetiuue on under the lead-ritories- tbey would hedge it in and smother it: www.fultonhistory.compunishment ofconspiraciesorersbjc of Preaton King, and are f. vd to-tlay, rrett with a double track to rijhth ave«>>«, sb^aes a » <jside by side with Sewaicl, hammering with the 