 televen o'clock this forenoon V l y slightly injured. If this were so, it was s most miraculous preservation.The vicinity of thamills looks very much like s vast charnel house, aa litters, having on them corpses, are constantly passing through the streets m that quarter.Among the numerous recorded oases of suffering, itmay not be amies to mention one of a different character,UW1EKI CATiiTlOPHL• * i * "* "*n^ *• — ~ *• ^r*w~w~aor~»j~i.rxj~iii~Ft! Pirfalan of tie Fjffijg and Bsr*kg *f_tt» Peaberton Mills.An JBJWi n i Horrid Holo- caustofHumanLife..%A^^WWWWW«A«WWMWWthe RB*BS« —WarnsStew•*wewwiaMaa^|iaw*w^^^s^^*iThree Hundred Persons Killed and Wounded.Terrible SuSTerin*;* of the Vnior- *^^"**^%^>*^*'^'W*»-WV*.*%*i»*%<'*l»11—Margaret Hamittoa, fracture of perrk bone. Bartford, of Hartford. Conn12-Henry Cub, thigh frsetured. Jtoyal.of London.....II Ititiurr,eeauatamtod compound fracture ofthe SpringfieldPirearidMarine,o!Springfield16,0>' supposed the strength of the mill has been severely tried denly be ssw daylight through the rains sad12,500 by w,e recent introduction of heavy fancy teams The way out without assistance.10,000 goods manufactured were principally ticks, denims, EllenMshoaey,aged19. HaslivedtoLailfi,eoO •oipci sad fancy cottons, aad have always taken the six weeks. Thigh and foot badly injured. Worked in0XIE8 OFeompanied the spectacle ef the wild multitude. Mtes ened and bbstered faces present a picture of unutterable from tbe top, frost, toe aides, and in fact from every fis- relatives. Has been In Lawrence s year and eight 24 —Thomas H. Watson. horror. The hospital of Scutari nor the bloody field ofWA bv mDin » TUBDEADAT.OITnLlTED. thebuilding without injury. Through thewhole night« w ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ W W W W Was to tbeshewaiattheCityBall,passinglike anangelofmercy among the couches of the sufferers, anticipating everyRobertHayes, of Belfast,Ireland. andbeadandarmsbadlybruised. but tbe poor fellow te in good heartRightarmbroken, Abadlookingesse, He has been a resi-Jan. 11.) s a w — — IHMIIII,JH. u.jwerefoundwherevertheirskillorkindnesscoulddoany finedinopenspacesformedbythematerialofthebuild- good. ingasitfell,andwhoappearedtobenotmuchinjured.Mary Kennedy, aged 16. A distressing case. The poorcreature has a leg broken, and her bead and face so bad- lyinjuredthatshecanscarcelyarticulate. AMwell ascould be ascertained from what she said, she te a nativeofIDtrim,inIreland, where she has friends; butshe 44-MichaelMsCormick.dredandsixtyoperativeswereemployedinthemill,but probablythewholenumbermthebuildingatthetimeofWe have tor thai evening's edition further particulars of Our reporter proceeded by tbe Met train 10 Reading Met evening, aad from thence took a team to Lawrence. The excitement and horror which had •Had the city spread Car around in the neighboring coun-ascametoseekfortheirlostftlend8—thelasthope—and thoseselectedto do servicetotbewounded. Among those who remained through the night were many of the first citizens of the place. Mayor Saunders devoted htt whole time to the many duties which called for his atten- tion, within and without 1Theremmuchspeculationastotbecauseoftheacci- foundations. Tbetruecausewillnotprobablybeknownscreaming themselves hoarseingiving adviceordirec- tiontothemoredatingspiritswbowerehotstwork.WOMAN'8 HKROI8M.At one point wbea s rope bad been fixed to s projectingCoronerLambsummonedaninquest thismorning,butApprcaching within five or atx miles of the city be-sky, and tt was afterwards found that the devouring ele- • » pile of fragments, obliteratingwalking to and fro, apparently entirely unhurtBe reached through, aad took them by the hand, sadpearance ot these corpses—some of them nothing but mere trunks, others wtth the limbs burnt to s cinder, and all frightful to bebold.hands at once drew her back, asd then there were no Mckofhandstotherope,thebeam wssdrawnoutand st least two sufferers released from the opening thusrelief of the sufferers, and appointed s committee to so- licit further contributions.The several trains to Lawrence have been crowded during the dsy with passengers, either interested in'those who had not been reached,DE8PUB.Olive Bridges, ef Calais, Me., who worked in the fifth Solferino could have exhibited a more frightful scene. sure from whence a voice from tbeinside could make its months, and has "good friends here," as her attentive 26—Patrick O'DonneU.story, seised the hoieting chain of the elevator, and went Bending over several of the lifeless forms wore theirfe- way, came shrieks for help, groans of anguish, prayers nurse observed. She te badly bruised and out In the 20—Richard Sumney.•orsitheCXyHall. Manyjaeape^.blaediiigjma^ei^- andthereareofcourseplentywhoalways stwas, rineDelan,RobertHayts.Kate O'Brien, McAliea, CBS* Kane, BrwiHOWtaBBYwMstesiiuacttiwr*~a»amn>SIGHTS. Tne sigata asd soeaeaaAAtos period of the disaster frightful. One poorgwflhre and fully conscious,r i •YM-.niJHf JfJMi;in »rrr~NEW YORK HERALD.'toof thetaken from the rainsawaybyinjury.Bridget Bradley, an intelligent looking young girl, 17mars upwards of anhour anda half.LIST OP TUB NAMES v P Thefollowingisalistofthe10—Henry Bailer.Fortbepresentitisalmostimpossible•any arewounded ordead. Outof about six"work b«**tauaud'ateportionoftinsbuildingwhich fell, fewescaped unhurt.yearsofage. Badlyinjuredtebacksodshoulders;als•> terriblycutonthehead. MissBradleywssstandingbe- tweenherloomsinthewearingroom whentheroof foil. She lay insensible some time, endwhensherecovered herseasesshebegantoscream. Hercriesattractedthe attentionoftherescuers,wbo,bysawingofftbe timbers thatwere above, andbythe aidof ropes succeededin hauling her from tbe irutes. She remained beneath tbe1—ElissRysn. 2—JeremiahSullivan. 8—WmChild. 4—CatherineTare. 6—JamesDavis. e—CatherineDolan. 7—Fohert Hayes. 8-V D.Robinson. &—Hannah Hayes. .KT&V .Mr.Howefell,andwastrampledoabyseveralfrightfulbeyonddescription.fused heap, covering an area of about two acres, and piled up to a height of about thirty feet•e#v *eww« .behind him before he could rise. without serious injury.Some exhibitions of heroism and presence of mind acFrom nearly every hole and crevice in this vast pile,safely down five stories to tbe ground, and escaped frommale relatives, bemoaning their loss with a low waiting, whichmeltedthestoutesthearts.The view st tbe City Ball M but one instance of theand meanings, and in many, very many cases, the poor suterers could bedistinctly seen,talked to, and even reachedbythehandfromtheoutside. Manythusim- prkoned were encouraged and sustained by assurances ofhead, and one of her ancles is probably broken.27—Augusta Simpson, spine badly Injured. 26—AbbyPottle,contusionofhto. 26—J.ttJewett80—Prudence Spread, face injures.toNearlyallemployment is suspended hereto-day,ex- ceptthatofattendingtothewantsofthewounded,pre paringforburialtbedeadalreadyfound,orsearchingfor furthervictimsintbevastsmouldering hecatombwhich now covers thesite where stood the Pemberton Mill.sac now many psrsmea. H I S ssiiiiistsn, nowwver, tares the building unsafe. Another learns that the building B o n a , .Samuel Martin, Roberthundred ware lost to the miss, besides those whs) were was pronounced unsafe by the architect, and that after- son, Pat O'Donahne, Augusts Samps >a—injury of spine, dragged from the east cfiWf the tsDen mess, with hertokeaout wards additional windows had been made in the watts, About 9 o'clock fire from the furnace communicated dangerously weakening them.wtth Ike rates, and soon enveloped them wah a sheet o Others pronounced the building unsafe, and now place tend name. At 13 o'clock all hopes of saving the lives of to the same class other factories in Lawrence. It is un-lower limbs paralysed, Abby Pott'o, J. M. 8weet, & leltarm torn from the socket, and her body and legs aw Spread, Mrs Kearney, Mrs. Do; le, 11 Hickey, N. D. Ro- tally mangled. She wss taken by her friends, but could binson, Richard Lung—de..i, M. . Harley—five calf not have survived long. In one place tbe bodies of threewife, wbo worked near htm in the same room.He de-say of those tai the bui ding was given up in despair.Sngtoec were still throwing water upon the fire in tbe and tt is to be hoped that at so fearful an expense a va- ey—wrist dislocated, Robtrt HVes, Dr. J. H- Moore, N. bodies, and being abandoned for a time, the flames brok;morning, and aa immense throng of people waited spell ibound viewing the scene.At 13 0 clock the Met part of the building fell towards tbe east, being supported oa the westerly side by wingsluable lesson will be learned.All the goods, stock and machinery M destroyed wtthtbe mill, and c ven the books were not saved, such was theD. Robinson, Mary Hoven. Hannah Hayes, Etiabs Orr— dead, Hannah Finessy, Ellen Mtboney, Margaret Hamil- ton, Ellen Hannon, Catharine Ssxn lers.out before another attempt w s s made, and all three pe- rished.suddennessofthealarm,andtheexcitementitocca- I sad onttaiiMtaga. At 11 o'clock a despatch was sent for sioned.It sounded like a loud thundering crash over mybead,and,lockingup,Isawtheshafting Lawrence, it was supposed to be cau«cd by the explosion a sooty "du deen" sad seising a brand from the fire, hi coming down upon us all over tbe room. I could not ac-• She Manchester steam fire engine, and besides this, engines were present from Methoen and North and South Andover, aad were employed upon tbe fire far into the morafcig.of a boiler at the mill, then that the structure w ss te lit bis pipe and west hte wsy. count for tt, sad wss therefore terrified. I stood nailed toflam s. After the true cause became known, the alarm Next from the ruins we saw the deed body of a la*!, and tile spot, and did not seem to{have power to move, al- 27—Patrick Oallaghsn. whichbeforeexistedwasintensifiedintoapanicfearful followinghimwashorseagirlwithoneofh^rankles thoughIknewthebuildingwascominguponme. Then 28—MaryMeCann.location of the boiier In relation to tbe main building, makes that impossible.The shock was very sudden and the crash immediate. Those who are able to give a definite account of the sounds sad scenes of the dreadful moment, unite in this state scant John Ward, wnom our reporter found bruised aad wounded by the side of his wile, who was also seriously Injured,-tells a straight forward story.As I write the wails and shrieks of those who seek in cipitated into a hideous mass of ruins. The noise pro-One young girl, whose name we nave but do not pub- lish, was confined i s s narrow hole surrounded b y broken machinery and ragged Umber and boards, succeeded in crushing out into the open air, but when she emerged from the ruins she had scarcely an article of clothing on her person.Perhaps ono of the saddest episodes of the whole ca- lamity was the fate ef Mr. Maurice Palmer, who was an overseer to the mill. In tbe fail be was so embedded in the ruins that he could not b e extricated before the fire, and seeing tbe dreadful element approaching him, he, in hte agony and despair, determined not to be roasted to death, and so drew bte pocket knife and cut bis throat. He was, however, taken out alive, and would have sur- vived but for the self Inflicted injury. W ho, however, can judge the anguish and agony which induced the fear- ful deedrOur reporter to told by a gentleman wbo was early on the spot, that at one point of the ruins he distinguished a female voice crying ft distress, and soon another votoe answered, " Is that pen, Lissief Are you hurt?' Tbe re-the weight above, and thus saved my life. When I fell under tbe stone 1saw the walls over me all falling, and the floor giving way all around m e.Mr. Ward found hte wife at the City Hall, where she had41—Wm. Metcaii. 42—Thomas Nice!. 43—Sami. Rolff. 44—Jeremiah O'Herm. 46—John McNabb. 46—Martin Hughes. 47—John Hughes.48— Garret Sweeney. 49—Cathe line Connors 60— Ellen Hackett 61—Dora Ryan.62—A. P. Martin.But two bodies have been taken from the ruins since Be was in a card room, in the second story, with the the fire got under way. At the time of the present writingThe following l&one among the numerous heartrending incidents described :—Margaret Hamilton, aged fourteen years. This was her first day's work in the Pemberton Mills. She commenced work te tbe spooling room. A devoted mother attended her, and when asked what in-juries her daughter had received, said: "Her arm is broken and her head is broken, and, Oh, my God! (and here the poor women burst into s flood of tears), my poor darling te all broken." The unfortunate girl died to-day. The name of the mother te Mrs. Mary Ann Hamilton. The daughter wss the mate support ofthessnnai overseer, about to light up that room. They hearda sHfMtaotoe, aad looking up, he saw some shafts fitilingdown. B e was astounded wtth what he saw, and tewingthe esBMg coming down, while the floor beneath himsave way, he stood terrified. He had no power to move. hundred. The sert moment he saw the overseer running from theroom, and he followed him.He went towards a window and it fell out.*He gave upDr. William D. Lamb, Coroner, summoned a jury this morning, and adjourned the inquest to nine o'clock to- morrow morning.KTMBER OF DEAD AND MI88TNO 115—WOrNDED 1 8 5 . The following despatch Mfrom D. Saunders, Jr., Mayorof Lawrence —Lawxssca, Jan. 11, 1860.all hones of law, but still pressed on towards that part of the buildtog where hie wife worked. A pile of ruins ready to tall hung over he head. Be was struck oothe bead a severe bow, and lost all oonsciouaness for a time. When he finally ossse to h a senses, be foundI bitosalf to theSingular to relate, tt was currently reported and gene-rally believed, that a man was rescued from the ruins at* ply was a smothered groan, and an appeal to God's mercyithe following:—irborn. of Lowetl. -jrnrten.eflf-Jforrte Palmer (overseer), ef L_crowd at the same juncture entered and utterly precluded the possibility of MM pursuing hte task at that time. The officers to attendance were kind and indulgent to all wbo sought for their dead; aad a number of bodies, tkc ii.mts of whom were unknown even to tbe Coroner, were conveyed to the residences of their friends. Coroner Lamb uad not completed the list of the dead sJready re-t " ! ! ! ? * " 1 "Betfifield, of Lawrence, Ahem, ef Lawrence.MackY"", of Lawrence.der it secure.The r^BbertoB Mill wssobartered to 1863,sad the coveredattbetimewedosethisportionofourreport14—AeueejkM pt u II ^**»*! T »*.etd o . doMM**10,000 16.000 lO.UOO 10,000IC^ISULT*l ^ S r s ?,raaeLawreace. *» •** la^wuoe.do .., Y ork....rived st to regard to the number of oar visiters. the MerTimack river at tats place, by whtoh atallof twenty eight feet to the entire volume of tkc river has• Ryan, ot Lawreace. et Sullivan,of 1National, Neptune,o*y.o fAmericaa ••Mildirection comes to laden to its utmost oapaclty wtth living freight, sad wbea we oonstder thenet toss than one hundred a n d fifty long passenger c a rhave run inhere to-day, some realising idea maybe ar-At tbe time of the arrival 0:To read a simple narration of the terrible particulars of this sad event is enough to chill the blood, ana) furnishwtth, s a dthey found escape hopeless, they bid adieu to to their friends, and to some Instances gave directions ss to what dlspositon should be made of their effectsIn one part of the building a hole was battered through Hearing the roar of the theycereofatthemorning sad forenoon were busily used te removing the but chiefly we« of tbe Sptoket, sad cast of the Merrimack,derstood that the Inquest will be thorough and searching,shoulders, Roseoe Henry, Hary Ann Hickey, Helen Hlck-dead. They could act bo removed without mangling thescribes bte escape aa follows:—I wss in the carding room wtth the second 'overseer,lighting np. tt was Ave or ten minutes before five o'clock, anil we had got but few burners lighted, when, suddenly,vain for their friends ring through the hall Women faint in the corridors, and are borne away. The anguish of those who do not find their friends far exceeds that of the few who find only their unsightly remains.One woman, Eliza Orr, reported as dangerous when I made up my list, hassince died.duced by tbe awful event was said by some to resemble that of a terrible snow elide—a sharp, quick rattle, giving premonition of the occurrence of an awful catastrophe. The sound was heard quite a distance, and was regarded by many individuals as tbe shock of an earthquake.The most appalling feature in the calamity was the burning to death of scores of individuals in the wings of the building. Though confined within solid brick walls, assistance had nearly reached them when the fire broke outk In one case one of these persons was helped to a glass of water by parties who were endeavoring to extricate her. She said that near her, separated only by a single beam, were six men uninjured. Alas, they were ail con- sumed in the flames, which spread with great rapidity. How many were thus burnt there is no data for estima- ting. A person wbo w ss at the fire from its beginning became cognizant of three parties of individuals—from four to six in number—who thus perished.been conveyed after being extricated. injured.Neither were much(10 A. M.) the engines are sull playing upon the ruins, but no fire appears on tbe surface.Latest estimates of the number of lives lost rather in- crease than diminish the number given above—three63— Mary64— Kate66—Mary Smith. 66—Bridget Dougherty. 67—Augusta Aghworth. 68— Sampson. 69—Abby Pottie. 60—Harry Y ork. 61—Margaret Fearless. 62—Wm. Jordan. 63—Margaret Coleman. 64—Mary Ryan. 66—Mary Griffin. 66—Bridget Rufln. 67—Katy Hickey. 68—Ellen A. Ham. 69—Lizzie T own. 70—Alice Cutting. 71—L. F . Brougn. 72—Elizabeth Kimball.78— Patrick Connor. 74—Ellen Connor . 76—Wm, Cram. 76—Ira G. Locke. 77—John H. Allen. 58-Bridgct Kelley.79—Lorteda Glmsoa. 80—Mr. Packard. 81—John Hone. 82—Martin Huse.Terrible.as our calamity is, 1 think it is much over esti- 1. under aa immense grindstone, which had shielded mateojjphe number of killed. As near as 1 have beenin her behalf. Both these girls were afterwards rescued.SCENES AT THBCWt HALL—THE DEAD AMD WOUND- ED—A8ON1ZIN0 SPECTACLE.Immediately after eke dreadful occurrence the City Hall was thrown open, by order ot the Mayor, sa a hospital for the wounded, and s receptacle far tbe dead.in one of the boarding houses, opposite to the mills, afamily were collected, mourning the loss of a lady who thronged by a multitude of people, every one apparently_ from theTailing ruins.able •Ktsscenain this morning, I find dead and missing (wbsflJB equivalent to dead) 116, and 1A6 wounded. Some afthe wounded will die, but very much the largest number will survive.MATOk SAUNDERS' STATEMENT. LAWBBSCS, Jan. 11— 13 M.The statement of Mayor Saunders to the Associated Press w a s made up from facts obtained by thoroughly canvassing tbe city, for which purpose the whole patrol force sf the police department was detailed this morning. The statement Mmore reliable than s a y other made, not- withstanding a strong opinion at the present time that the former estimate Mtoo small.THE BCTLDING.The mate building was of brick, five stories high, wtthmother and four younger chilkren. fired te Lawrence since August lastM rs.Hamiltonh a sBe remenmrs of hearing no cries for help, but as he worked ha way out of the building he saw three rjtefdead. Bis thinks h e saw a s many a s fifteenIk the weaving room go down in the general wreck.Miss Olive Bridges, of Calais, Me., who worked te the fifth story, seised the hoisting chain of tbe elevator and went safely down five stories to the ground, and escaped from the building without injury. Through the whole night she was at the City Hall, passing, like aa angel of mercy, among the couches of the sufferers, anticipating every want, relieving pate as far as she was able to bo^so, sad keestkeag words of consolation and comfort to the wounded pnd dying.Before the building caught fire, a number of those imboneath tbe rates could b e seen s a dThat man found ha.wife atthe City Hall, seriously but notta- tallv injured; and thankfulness was the emotion aloae ex-At seven o'clock this morning, tbe stairways werehibited by either. IromUtesamemanawasascsrtaiitedthatUtobutidingdivided intJ departments as follows:—On the first was the weaving room; on the second floor a carding aoUtottordttooraeptanmg room; on the fourth, spanning ana cardiac rooms; on the fifth droesiag and ohng rooms. The dyers and pickers* rooms were 00workei ia the mills, when she made her appearance, shouting, " I am alive." She was but slightly injured.There are various reports as to the cause of the disaster. It te said that the building wss so flimsUy built that it vibrated under the ordinary running of tbe machinery.in an agonising state of suspense to ascertain whether • father, husband, wife or child had been Immolated te the awful funersl pyre.I t w s s s struggle for our reporter to obtain an entrance to tbe mate sail, Mat b y the aid of the city officiate, be finally succeeded-aad the sight was fearful. Stretched on msttressei around the ball were men, women and chil-firstfloorof a connected outbuilding.4 M M k m m jk^A tab-SMI fl InfJIai thaithe City Ball,"» tor thefiMskflTbe wing that was left standing bad little heavy machi- nery te it, and many imagine that the moving of tuck machinery te a part of tbe building bad something to do wtth the sad catastrophe.dren, all more or On therightofidreadfully,teof thirty-six persons of bothvers so dose together that it without treading upon a iMORNING EDITION-THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.hte family where persons were sale. TheMechanics'Mutual, of WorcesterTotalTbe insurance, it a said, was against fire only.sixty twopersons wereIffId ••Bobort Hayes, i n broken and injured internalry. Tbe last fear — M i will probably die of their wounds.411 of those eswaitiil ware severely bruised, and many of them injured internally.kttthawattendedattheCHyBallwenfewlacom-wtth the whole number taken fresn tbe ruins, value of the ruins as they lay before the Are commenced. double aad awtetcsttaueiies, aad wore taking orders for domen and legs. Saw the building begin to fall, and en-It a stated that since the building baa been In the pos- through the town like wildfire, session of its present owners it has been doiaga verydeavored to ran oat, bu w ss prostrated beneath the tall dred sad thirty dead bodies have ing msss, and was providentially rescued without mortal City Ball,or been delivered towounds, D. P. Ham, Celia Stevens—injury of back aadgirls were found looked te each others arms, bat quiteWhenthealarmfromthisdisasterwasfirstgiveninplank floors, and the beams and rafters exposed and paint-ed. Perforated iron pipes run at right sagtos throughsash iones Saspeaded from tbe floor beams, steam piperun in tbe tame manner The water pipes connected withtbe hydrants of tbe city water works and with five foroe the imagination wtth pictures of the awful sufferings of gledlimbpumps, which were located te tea Picker house, which the victims, the anxiety aad anguish of those having bodies, all terribly gashedconversed Instancesjust in the rear of the mate building. There was a friends te the building, and the wide spread desolation figured that it would be dhneult for hose and fire apparatus to,each room. this disaster has occasioned. The calamity is a novel one, iriends to recognise the bodies b y toeInwere together paratirely unhurt They would havess tt te the first of the kind we remember where there has eBSAT NOUKM OOMO TO THl 8CBK1 OP THS D18- been any loss of life. Some years ago a portion of oae ofadepot is this city, for hatf aa - oustothelOX trainiesTingforLSCTence,theonssoally animating aad exciting, .in knots tarnestiyconverting about the terribk Lawrence, and others constantly arriving,personal friends employed in the destroyed building, s a d whose countenances Indicated the greatest anxiety of feeimg, each being fearful that ate relative or friend was among the dead. AExtra cars were required to sx«bmmodate the multi- tude, aad flnalry tbe trate, numbering fifteen long cars, each crowded full of homan beings, left m charge of four conductors for Lawrence.lOTiCte OP n o t aT«OT. _The New England Society for the Promotion of Manu- factures and the Mechanic Arts, who were to have par- taken of their annual dinner at the Parker House this afternoon, have postponed their dinner on account of theterrible disaster s t Lawrence.TTT L LIST OP OMtmAMOB.TbefoDowtof te behoved to be a foil tart of the insu-the mute at Lowell fell into the river oa account of defects in the foundation, but no one we* injured.We learn from persons who were st the scene of this calamity through the night, that language utterly fails to convey aa adequate Idea of the melancholy spectacle the ruins presented; conversations were carried on with many of the victima, and refreshment were passed to some of t h e n b y their anxious friends, hoping that they would survive until they could be extricated. It te thought that fire was communicated to the cotton materials by parties removing the light from their lanterns, and holding it a t arms length in the ruins, in searching for missing friendsThere a r e various conjectures among factory mtaregsrd to the cause of tbe frightful accidentpersons suppose that the foundation was undermined b ythe water during the recent cold torn. The sandy aatare ef the soil te one reason for fate belief. While thestill was regarded ac a fine one, Its strength was ceiledte question some years ago, and Iron trusses were*placedthroughout the buildteg, which it was thought would rea-thewan,sadthroughtt could beseenthree youngwo- men, wbo said they were not ail injured. One of them thrust her arm through the small aperture that had been made sad begged to be drawn through it, bat before the aperture could be made targe enough for the purpose, the flames drove away the men on the outside, and the pri- soners perished.Bod1wehavegottoeta."Another woman shrieked out piteouary that thewas burning her brste, but the names soon after her cries.It has already been stated previously that onehis throat test be should he burned alive. Mrtold hte friends who were digging tor htm that h eresort to tbe same assess to escape the tortures ef toeAt tkc:rance oa the buildteg:—T%< >*ff/tn Warn • i f a sit n s sir si* bfttrsaml ftatt")factory w a s erected soon afterwards. John A . Lowell sad Samuel Lawrence were the leading owners, lis stes may be inferred from the fact that it contained ofiOkwmc •od 80,000 spindles. HwasMwcc kindred fort tang by elghtV fourTfreTalie. TkctefftwssteTohredtotkc failure of Lawrence, Stone k Co..sadttwas sold bYsjap. tion late In 1867. It was purchased by Messrs. Itevid Nevins and George Howe for •800,00s. The original cost was 9600,000, The present owners have run it about two years. Mr. J. E Chase, the agent, who so asrrowly escaped with bis life, has filled that office with great abilityPassing from this shocking spectacle, w e are placed un- der tbe guidance of alderman White, wbo exhibitsto us. stretched at length on a mattress to the right, the formMaryAnnColeman,aged16,daughterofWilliam Osto-an. She has an arm oroken and bead badly cut. Mils Coleman was tmployed to tkc spinning room, sad the first sensation that struck her prior to tbe crash was, she " heard something fall," after which she knew nothing until IMFrescueSarah Doyle, aged IT. Has no psreato. Resides wtth Mrs. Bridget Watson. Miss Doyle te severely injured I s the left foot. Sh was rescued from beneath a largeoar citiaens, sad especially those who have been person-ally bereaved, keeps tbe dark reality constant ell. It ateo has railroad communication wtth Salem,XMBJMM JJHaBtUeBIHInVBV Ameriesm, of BoskJWHMBTHS*«*•••••*••••••••••f""jwwhVtropoiitan, Humboldt, rutton,tngton mills. It wss built of brick, five stories high, aadlocos conduit*ihewaterfromtbedamtothedifferentmills.d othe form of a r^ilelofTsm,been obtained The work cost shout fSMJlOO. A canalas.".*.*!'10,000 10 000hasalwaysbeeseoatideredoneofthefinestmillsInLaw-•"sxzzjstownsandcitiesnotanotherhorsewastobehired. The ThetowsMMidouteabothsidesoftheSpicket rttw,,.».-•.. •••* t•ease•••••>•*•ee•and bnmedtetory adjacent to the storehouses of tbeWesh-Kto the fire. She worked te the tower cardbar first ^ewtodge of tkc disaster was, she brought into ass. Ia many of the surroundingsixty f.-et at th« foot, and fourteen feet deep in the centre,liiitoi ••*••••e#eseera•••**» mar^Tim.......... JlviOOOverylargewindowse xi , p e w so i—*•»•-* 10,000Untitled Documentoividtog tbe city intoThe t«ma of Lawrence w ee toeorpamted te 1646, sadttenntinaed a town about eight years, wbea the amount w ha population having reached mat proscribed by the0 0 0lybeforeo a rminds.EveryMate fromeveryerenty-six miles,) aad wtth Manchester aad Concord, w Hampshire, (the farmer twenty six sad toe latter forty miles.) Tsteteeae ef those wonderful creations of the manufacturing enterprise of New Enajtaad, under toe influence of which a tract, almost atetenettoltebkawM,tosuddenly converted into a populous city.to 1846, the Essex Company constructed a dam acrossthe mill was erected. TberoetobufidtagwastaBnt the railroads did aot alone contribute to•well our numbers, for every kind of vehicle w s s more than a mile long, and 160 tost wide at the head,rence,ft bad e flat roof, flke foe Pacific mUM, with s o ag. The exterior wss oSeverely Injured Hastheabove,severely injuredat rubbish,afterbeing sufficientlycooled,toorder,ifpossi- toestreetstunntegmeetlystrightsagteswttheachether,aveyas B. Watbyeightyfourfeetwide,wasyesterdaytefail,operation, when,ataveryfewminutesafter five o'clockio the af- ternoon, tt fell with a sudden crash, aad without hardly a moment's warning, to the ground, burying to its natesWitnessesoftheruins,whenthose inside werefor aid,describe the scene as apalim*. Same of those kveerated bythefailing machinery, with no hope of escape,were excited to desperation. Morris lalmer, one or the doers of the City Ball to learn the fate ot friends or exa- tbe vast masses of machinery used s t the mill, and %ithoverseers, w h o bad k » g Implored aid. threatened to de- mine the bodies brought out for recognition. At the Hall this mass of solid won, and mingled with the beams andstroy bis own life, and ta bis despair he attempted tocut about twenty of thewounded Ue on mattresses placed brick of tbe edifice, lay in mangled and gory layers the bly cut to the face and eyes. Has so parents. Her 11—Patrick Riley.ha throat with h a pocket knife. But it is believed he died upon the floor, and are attended by their relatives. forms of over four hundred human beings. only relative te a sister. Has lived in Lawrence six years. 12— Roasasa* Lynch. ef internal injuries. He was a man highly esteemed by As soon as thoae te tbe neighborhood could recover Benry Bskeman, 60 years old. Born In Hanover. 13—Mary ArmOreng. his fellow eitixena. Warm tributes of respect a r e also paid Tbe unfortunates present a most pitiable spectacle. from the horrrftot artonfchment into which they were Cannot speak English. Both leg* crushed. B s s s o rela- 14—Ellen McKenns. toLafayetteBraaefa,anotheroverseerwhoperished. Mostofthemhoverbetweenlifeanddeath,andareso throws bytbedisaster,thefirealarm wasat once tiveshere,buttecaredforbysomeGermanfriends. 16—EllenMurphr.The streets are thronged with cttixens and strangers, andcrowdsefpeoplesurroundtheruinsand besiegetheKate Harridy, aged 16. A deplorable esse, s s tbe poor creature has a leg and an arm broken, and te terri-crash was heard. They rushed into the wing of the with unmutilates features, and less serious bruises. All any flame, for atthis time no fire bad broken Outin tbe dressing room, ft tenderly cared for by his friends. 18—Ellen Bane.fhich remained standing. In passing out toroughH e escaped, however,who retain consciousness exhibit remarkable fortitude m their distress, and but few expressions of pate are beard among the hapless victims.In s room adjoining the large hail, seventeen dead bodies He stretched upon the floor. Their livid, black-Without the horror of fire, however, the scene wasHenry Koehler. a native of Germany. Has been in thiscountryfourorfiveyears,aadbssnorelativeshere. Bte severest injuries are ia hte bead and te parte of his body. Has not spoken a word since hte rescue.Mary York, a native of Brighton, Me., where she has19—Bridget ShnpSOM. 2f— Thomas Moran-. 21—Samuel Martin. 22—Ira Mather. 28—Robert Seavey.want, relieving pain, and breathing words of comfort and many scenes of suffering and death. At the boarding safety, aad te many eases cups of coffee could be,aad dent te Lawrence seven or eight years. Has a wife and 31—Mrs. Kearney. consolation to tbe wounded and dying. houses asd other homes of the operatives the sad spec were, passed down to those below, wbo, alas! after all child and a sister residing te Boston. He worked in ths 32—Mrs. Doyle.of tbe At an early hour in the evening despatches were sent tacle isrepeated. this near approach to safety, saw hour after hour pass dressing room. He says tbecrash was like a shot from a 83- H Hickey.to the neighboring cities and town for physicians, and The number of dead bodies taken from the ruins thus sway, until, at last, the frightful cry of fire, sad the gun, and be bad no time to "take one step from the 34—Mis. McGivern. generallyliberal response,weremadeimmediately. farisaboutseventy. ItMnotyetascertainedbowmany greedylickingofthenamessstheyapproached with other." Remainedinsensibleuntilbefoundhimselfon 86—OwenBrannon. Twenty two came from Lowell, tea from Haverhill, six are still buried to the wreck, as no report has yet been fearful rapidity, crackling and hissing all over the remains the mattress in tbe Otty Hall. It Is a somewhat singular 3«—John Welch (a boy).from Manchester, two from Bradford, two from Methoen; made of tbe number returned alive. There were be- on the ground, told them too plainly that all hope of life fact that Mr. Hayes had an arm and a leg broken once 37—Ellen Garty. CITT OF LAWMJEICE, and onegendomaa from Derry, N. H., sad oas from tween seven and eight hundred operatives in tbe build- was gone. Tbe tail of the buildteg took place just as tbe while serving as a sailor on board the schooner Mary B. 88 Daly.Brooklyn,N.Y.,whowerepassing inthe oars,stopped aad volunteered their services, and were untiring to their exertioas.Thephysiciansfromthetownsnamedwereasfollows,besides those resident to Lawrence, every one of whomingatthetimeofitsfall,andso estmate made here places the number now covered by the miss at less than one hundred.Beforethefirebrokeoutamongtherums,thevoices of many persons were heard, who were apparently con-millwasbeinglightednp,andoutside,of course,ailwss dark.To obviate this difficulty huge fires were made to the leewardoftherates, andthelight thusmadelightedup the horrible scene with inexpressible grandeur.Smith,ofBeverly, Mass.89—MaryCallahan.40—Margaret Hayden.41—Catharine Carragaa. * 42—JesseLeach.48—James Kenney.•eatpainful,awfulandheartrending calamitywill forever diswaguteh the 10th day of Januar From LotoeO—Drs. J. Whitman, J. Spauldlng, J. C. Tbe progress of tbe conflagration soon brought these im- At this time—six o'clock—fifteen hundred persons put into the papers" It will, however, be a consolation 46—Ellen Mahoney, thigh badly fracturedUvshe mJM te the city of La Ayer, Rider, Ponton, Adams, H. H. Buraham, W.Burn- prisoned victims to a most terrible death. gathered about the spot, and by the tight of the fires the to the poor girl's friends to know that in her sal mishapa Ira L Moore, J. W. Pearson, Dyer, Harwood, H. A. Pils- The citizens of Lawrence, as well as the officers of the more daring were on top, crawling under the ruins, flung she is most affectionately and tenderly cared for.Oa* ofst a spirit of desperation a large portion of the people of Lawrence as " s details of this dreadful calamity are hor- rifytagtoread;andthatfellingofhorror isintensifiedtoat the scene of the disaster. ataboutteamiaulatBeats11five47-Elizabeth Wared, hip dislocated. 46—Elizabeth Burn, arm fractured. 49 Luney (since dead).at mourned the bury, Kimball and Bradley, Parker, G.Page, Thayer, Huo which hasno tins ton, Graves and Kidder.city, have been untiring in their labors since tbe accident, in fopes, and doing ail in their power to extricate those Ira D. Locke, of Derry, N . H., has an ancle broken, andbehalf of the suffering and bereaved. Aid from theBur- within. At the outset their efforts were quite successful. his body te badly burnt He was to the ruins six hours, 60—Jewett, contusion. roundingtownsisalsoatband,andtbevictimsofthe Aboutseventyfivepersons,men,womenandchildren, andsayshe"sufferedmuchfromodd,"andthe flames 51—Boynton,scalpwound. catastrophearereceivingallthehelpwhichmortalpower moreorlesswounded,weretakenout,andif recognised, wereblazingaroundhim. He also says thathe has s 62—MaryHurley,fivescalpwounds,butd'ingi canbestow. carried home, andIfnot, taken to theCity Hall, whichofeareouatryawaaeaedatoshaa FromflatwAOJ—Drs.A.R.Bulhwd,Lovejoy,Chase, asalreadyspreadtodistantpartiof Carroll,Gamble,K.Punt,J.N.Smith.FromManchater—Dn. Hubbard, Blot,Tebbeta,Wheet and Patterson.JVsss Jfasaaea Drs. Lougee and Qrosvenor.FromBradford—Drs. GeorgeCogswellandWm. Cogs- well.When the disaster occurred nearly all the mills were bad been converted into a temporary hospital Alter the immediately stopped. The Pacific mills, however,, were first hour, however, the work becomes much more dan-wifeoutWest;buthtenurses sayhis mind is wandering. Be is well taken care of by attentive nurses.Tbeabove does not Include tbe names of all those res- cuedalive,foranumber werecarried to theirhomes by their friends, and thus did not come under the reporter's notice.68—IraB.Locke,burned.64—Mary Kennedy.66—Mary York. 66—MargaretHamilton.67—Henry KulL 68—HenryPeakham. 69—KateKarney. 00—BridgetBradley.61—Thomas Conn.62—JohnWard. 68—MaryA.Coleman.64—Damon F . H a m .66—Celia Stevens.66—Mary Slavin.67—Eliza Orr (since dead). 68—HannahHennesey,fractureofI 60—Ellen Mahoney. severe flesh i 70—Margaret Mahoney.FromBrooklyn,N.F—Dr.MaaeFarrar. FromDerfry,iv".M—Dr.Crombie. TheentrancetotbeCityHallwasbesigedbyananxiouskept running until the usual hour for closing, in conse- quence,itissaid,oftheabsenceoftbechiefoverseer, as no one was present who had authority to order the stop pingoftheengines:andthustbeoperativeswerekept forsometimeinpainfulsuspense.gerous, by reason ef the fall of timbers as displacements are made, and often the rescued endthe rescuer are again hi danger i f a fresh entombment W e do not learn,however,Mistanyseriousaccidenthas befallen anyofthosewhoMnderedsastetsneefromoutside:but •tip.thedangerIftheattempt deterred many fromTheinjuredhaveanabundanceofmedical attendance fromthelocalphysicians,aswellasthosefrom Lowell,a'eloofc,the Mill,ofLawreooe,felliaruinstotheground. Tbemillwasihnifouilloperationattiesaad tbe time of lighting up had just arrived. Nineban crowd during the night None were admitted except such dent. The latest report te that it arose from insecure render icg any help except by standing i t a distance and Manchester, Haverhill and other places.proceeded with to make a hole ia the ;all tbe lingering missry with a misery more partition. A moment too sprung upuntilaninvestigationtakesplace.The trains on all tbe railroads centreing at Lawrencewere filled wtth passengers this morning, and many ofwithout takingaction, the examination until to-morrow (Thursday) a t 9 A . M.wss postponedthem were much delayed in consequence.Dr.Wm.D.Lamb,Coroner,haschargeofthebodies .Tbebooksoftheconcern,witoatewexceptions,were pullwithawill,betforafewminutes,suchwssthedan-leftattheCityHail,andhewillsummonajuryand hold destroyed bytheore. Thepsyrollwas alsoconsumed. geroftbeattempt—forthebeamtefailingmightengulpb aninquestsssoonaspossible,probablyto-day. Itis supposedthat therewere about700operativesem- allnearit—forafewminutes wesay,the callwss onployed in the main building, 160 in the wing, which did heeded. Men sha aad drew back—they would LATER ACCOUNTS. not fall at tbe commencement The number of killed it is risk much to aid these below, but life was sweat,'and theBOSTOS,Jan.11,1860. Tbe terrible catastrophe at Lawrence has spread a71—Ellen Hannen tween twelve and one o'clock this morning, people were New recitals of the dreadful scene continually augment impossible to ascertain. A committee of twenty five are danger great At Mate critical juncture, a woman rushed gloom over the city. It is the principal subject of conver- 71—Catherine Landers.fsune ridtef aad waflrJag to or from the •cane of disaster. the sum of horrors. A citizen, who risked his own life canvassing the boarding houses of the city to determine from among the crowd, aad daring the spectators to fol-Every hoses was lighted ep, aad knots of people stood by in sa attempt to save the operatives from tbe burning this fact, if possible. At the latest accounts dead bodies low, seised tbe rope and attempted to mount the pile of sation.the roadside, eagerly listening to the latest news. pile, worked his way into aa inner apartment, and look- were being continually taken from the smoking ruins. We smouldering ruins to clear away wtth her hands The Hon. David Sears presided over s meeting of twentyAt that balance a bright light was seen reflectedmthe ing through a hole in the wall, saw two men and a woman will not distress our readers wtth a description of the ap- example was enough; not a word wee said, but strong gentlemen this afternoon, who subscribed 62,000 fur the78— Rosa Kenney, fraetare of elbow. 74—Mary A s a Hickey, clavicle fractured. 76—Ellen Hickey, wrist fNAMES OP THE DEAD ABBThe following is the list of the dead and1—John McDonnell. 2—Mary McDonnell. 8—John Dearborn. 4—Bridget Rvan.The followicg list of wounded, handed us by Dr. Moore, Bade.happily shortened. As the city was where be stood. A flood of water poured in upon it grvee the Bumber of bjured of which notice had been re- Besides those thus saved, s large number of operatives. the appearances of sTiiltoiasjil inmssiT The blinded him, and he rushed front the place, warned by ceived at tbe Otty Hall st eleven o'clock,—Mas McGevern, masUy mites, wbo were in tbe weaving room, which teItoheabroad,andawildthrong theengineer,andnarrowlyescapingwithhislife Itis OwenBremen,JohnWeltch,EllenMcCarty,MaryCalla- inthelowerstory,managedtoescapebycrawlingup friendsthere,torenderassistance,orfrommorbidcu- 6—MargaretSullivan.6—Morris Palmer, overseer 7—Ellen Colbert8-Ellen Roach.9—Hannah Shay.16 BrtoteMj11 Margaret12— Bernard Hallfleld. 18— Bridget Sullivan. 14—Catherine "•"»g*f" 16—Annie Shay. 16—ElisaOrr. 17—Michael O'Brien. 18—Peter Oaltaghaa. 19—Mrs. Job Jewett. 20— Ptnnis Leonard. 21—Margaret Hamilton. 22—Hannah Mulienax. 28—Joanna Cronan. 24—Martha Hughes. 26—Ann Manniag. 26—Wm. Keith.The building destroyed was built six years ago. Ittwo hundred and eighty feet long and seventy feet wide, tenfold gloom. Tbe morning bells, which have of huebe- wonld be bard to conceive its parallel. To-day general twecn two beams and oaly by tne utmost *Tertioo wa out of the rubbish; but something struck me, 80—Richard Miedgry.wtthawingfortyfivebyfifty.Itwassituatedonthe tokenedareturningprosperity,rangoutlikedeathsolemn gloomappearstonavesettledoverthecommunity.One sherecovered.Shewasalsotakenhomebybcrfr*m<ls. andIwasthrownsenseless. I didnotremain 31—HannahVicKee. south side of Canal street, and separated from thai-street knells. of the largest schools In the city, numbering several hun- A young girl was reUased just before the flames buist so long; but when I came to I found myself buried in tbe 32—Michael Tweeney. by the canal which supplied the water power of thl and A large number ef strangers are arriving in town. dred scholars, was convened this mornlpg. but dismissed, forth, and in answer to a question stated that she was un- rubbish, and did not expect to get out alive. I was all 33—Margaret Falland. ether mills. The building was fire stories in heightand Among them is Mayor Huntington, of Manchester, and as half of the usual number of pupils were not in atten- hurt It afterwards appeared that her right armwas covered over with blood from wounds to my face. I 34—Julia Roberts.eontamed twenty seven hundred spindles. many others from Manchester and Lowell. dance. badly broken near tbe wrist, but in the excitement of tbe The machinery was carried by water, asd the building The people flocked to the City Hall, anxiously inquiring The falling ef the walls of the building commenced at mimeat and in the Joy of deliverance from a dreadfulwas heated by steam generated by a boiler situated in an for their friends and relatives. Every chance of hope the southeast corner, where a portion of tbe brick work, death, she bad not noticed tbe hurteat-building connected with tbe main on the south end. was eagerly seised upon, until the inquirers found those fifteeen feel high, was seen by bystanders to force itself One wom«n was found with her bead jammed between The theory that the fail of the building was caused by the they sought in the bat of the dead, or failed to find them outwardly. In less than a minute thereafter, the walls of two heavy beams, and pressed so that it was not thickeri, which were still flerceiy burning. feared that many who had escaped the bruising blows of OfaB the number employed la the mill, twenty-eight the falling mass were reserved only for the more terriblehan, Barret Hayden, John Barrigan, Jesse Leach, James from that room through a couple of low windows which Kecney, Michael McCurruck, Sarah Doyle, Ellen Maao- were not obstructed. The weaving room was partially n*y. Bite Burns, Ellis Ryn, Jeremiah Sullivan, Wil- saved by a heavy stone floor of the story above, andriosity.A strong force of reporters for the press are ontheground, aad tbe accounts received are voluminous,but reallyenordlittletoaddtotkcmanyfactsalready given.STATEMENT OF ONE OP THE OPERATIVES.John Ward, one of the operatives ia the carding room, te the second story, was miraculously saved, with htebodies were taken from the ruins, sad nearly t* death by fire.many more, who were more or less injured, and provided Various stories are circulated in regard to the building, liam Child, Catharine Vane, James Davids, Catha- •say in this department ware toas saved.THSATTEMPTATRKSCITE.'"did'ntwanttodistressthem byhaving her misfortune 46—SarahDoyle.timber, a call was made to the crowd to take hold andTHE LATEST PAETICULAES.One Irishmen w s s taken out quite unhurt, and hte first actwastofeelinhtepocket,fromwhencehedrewforthI heard a noise.At the first dawn this morning the people collectedagain at tbe scene of desolation and death. Many bad notthought of retiring to rest, and many more bad not slepta wick. Faces heavy wtth watching were clouded with a to contemplate. Eye witnesses of the scene say that it burnt to a crisp. She had been confined by one .<x>u v I heard the overseer shout, and I tried to jump 28— Margaret Fosley.sxplOKon of tbe boiler, M deemed fallacious. Is fast, the stall. the mills, with tbe exception of the chief wing, were pre-than the thickness of a hand. It was a sickening sight targe grinding stone, which was strong enough to uphold 40— Alice Murphy.stretched the old and young, wss difficult todrinks s a d refreshments te someto them. When the fire spread over the' 83—Catherine Conors.the midst of tbe ghastly throng was to be seenof Pod csjefaBy •nissteg iiwb oooatssiaaoe.and wcceald see a tear drop from hto eyes upon saore than one of the ghastly dead. Our reporter attempted the duty of ascer- taioing the names of the poor Yiotttns from tho little labeM pinned on their garments.He had proceeded as far as writing the names of Mary McDonald, Beard Hoitead, Michael O'Brien, Margaret Pal- ton. Catharine Kallaber, Bridget Ryan, Margaret Foley and John Dearborn, when a frantic mother rushed past the officers in charge of the door, and recognising the dead sad mangled body of a child, te tkc midst o theclaspedi t ,©ailed IIb yst cook dreadful attempted to pursue sense o f duty wouldA jury of inquest bss been summoned, who after re-viewing the bodies of several of the dead, adjourned till fire. Be wss persuaded to desist, aad lr*tunately, washtehave overcome his sense of oommteerstina, had not ato-morrow at 9 A. M. The Jury te a s follows :—Dr. W . D . Lamb, Coroner; W . tt P . Wright, Foreman; tt Dans, Edward Page, Leonard Stoddard, Leonard F.LAWS—,Jan.11—V. M.If we could bat forget ton occasion of oar crowdedstreets, we should at onoe ooudude that some great occafor a gala d v bad arisen, but the air of sadness sod al-most despair so visibly depicted on (he countenances ofrescued.The awful death which some died b y Uie fire w a s fear-fully attestel by their baked and blackened forms when taken out—not in anything like those of human beings-A SKETCH OF THE CITY OF LAWBENCE. [From Lipptncott's Gasetteer.]Lawreace is s city, sad one of the capitate ef Essex county, Massachusetts, oa both sides of toe Msirlmsnk river, twenty an milesnorth ef Boston, sad tea miles by road aad thirteen by railroad northeast by east of Low-Tberuins layteonecon--, arms, moss so *84—Cora Hickee. Previous to (hefire,two;highest rank for superiority sad worth. The orders for the carding room. Beard some alarm—saw people run- all those known to have$415,000 goods 1ave frequently exceeded the supply. Tbe goods sing—thought the building bad been struck by a thun-were feU te this city b y David Nevins & Co., mostly from The general impression is that the insurance companies sample*, aad ordered from the mill to tbe quantities de- willaotbeobligedtopayanymorethanwillcoverthe sired. Theybavcrecently produced severalnewfancyderboltThe mas Conner, aged 22. Has lived in Lawrence eight who have gone into the tospring deliveries.[From the Boston Herald, Jan. 11.)Tkc dread ful calamity which yesterday afternoon east a gkomevertheottyofLawrence hasaiready beende- tailed withmuchfullness,buttkcfollowingfulleraccount, Stored lastnightbyourownreportersoatbespot,willreadwithintease interest Themill,whichwasah>ngbrickbuilding300feet longJohn E. Chase .jagent of the mills, and 8. G. Howe, the badly bruised by tbe falling mass, or blistered by the sennded, and the department were soon on the spot George Kradolfer, a native of .Switzerland. Shoulder IP—Kate O'Brien. treasurer, were pawing through the mill when the first flames, that recognition is very difficult Others0808060* Their services Were aot, however, required to extinguish brcken and severe Injuries te head and hands. Worked 17—Ryan McLean.theand the whole townDead bodies orandrecognized bythaw friends, themtotheirownhomes.prosperous business, and rumor says has clearedfor its owners $i50,coo.[FromtheBostonTranscript,Jan.11.1 LAWKKSCK,Jan. 11—10 A»M.months. Badlyinjuredacrosstbelower partoftheab- sonsireyetimolatedtethebrickifinally crawled up and got to tbe top, and found a tot ofruins hanging over me, which came near ending my life:bnt I succeeded in getting out. I passed by a dead girlon my way, and two other mangled bodies before I gotout. When I was first knocked down I fdl beneath a 39—Kitty Clark. 'no tidings have bet36—Owen Nash. Sf—Matthew C. Ryan. 87—Bridget Ronder. 88— Bridget Riley.Jewett Maroney.c Costiaentel,do....„.s' Mutual, fie..• • • u n e i >••••••*10,00010,00017.60017,600 17600of Patrick Connelly, severely of Patrick Connolly.blefto get the bodies known to be still under the rates. Quito s number were get oat, aad, strange s s tt may ap- pear, two persons were taken oat alive.ree^werooWts^ to cross a narrow bridse tn rotes and returnins from work. TheThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street F13u0l6to9n New Yorkwww.fultonhistory.comlaws ofMassacnusettefor a cityorganisation( l M * > ) » 