 6NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAJ OCTOBEjf 13, 1860.-TRIPL8 SIdoting Arm tad at foil prises. Core waa %etiv* and NEW YORK HERALD. firm, with mere doing. Pork waa ta flatr deaaad, viusatesofnewmessat$18814 atWBTK.aad of prim at til S7X a»la M. Safari war* arm and acute, while lbs previous advance of l,c-» tfc. waa sui-may save the State, and in the defeat of coin they may save themselves. Otherf let them prepare for a political aad revolution and revulsion.„!r|ie Dwtj of t i e Empire StaU»~W«>*vt Ufo Hewe to Look T o,Rochester speech. He declared tb*t slaverymouDonSDITOB ANDfor the selfish strifes of the demagogues whoI I T f ,OP fQAtOp AMI BA4AA0m i lTSiUH.TB0v IK* ^imrttfThe heavy majorities rolled np by the repub- licans in the late Pennsylvania, Ohio and In- rineiuiiT l i t n m i » Saui iu U n w a« PUK- diana elections settle tiro important points-PoUafBMJUUt momfput up twol and sometimes three, a more stupid administraticn will setae the question finally posiibly raws pursued. f In his great speech at 8 t Paul h* saagtlT-.o»L*H per onitMm to ammpario"^*".Sixty ninth regiment, refusing to parade*111 the dfcaetef w obedience to the order of General Sandfordjj | ij bands of theAt OmHnmt, toOTte Avii-tA-fw»«"<r rt«ch it began. It was ia thew York delegation at the Mae 'Abalhttam Prtsramme far Liberia's pj ana over the triumph of alwUttooiaat, de- Charleston Con tion to have arrested at any , AdOfclnlitratJoB—Ballets for All or ISone— claring that "slavery is to day, for the firstfdlVttAMYCOMBWrOWlfVirm, ttrntrnMrnf topm+mt mm*. uWrftrif Ao"» m*tmrtm<f (*• «»or«, </ «Md. wi'l *» mr*ltt paid/or. K*T On* * © • « » • C©«M«rowi>fc5n A Mdiscord there. Subsequently, Ballots for All or Woae. time, not only powerless, but without Influenceuld have healed the split in Various turmises have been indulged in as to in the American republic;"' that Lincoln wouldwithout any sacrifice of the real motive which prompted William H. inaugurate republican principles Into tile ad-its part. Returning home, Syaward to abandon bis quiet and comfortable ministration of the government, sad that the4—THIS Bvaauia. wroOn eu*inpu»»-Bosaa DiAKOKD.sible balance of power against Lincoln outside of New York are exhausted; and second, that from the moral prestige of these late elections, nothing but the most generous and energetic action on the part of all the conservative ele- ments of New York can avert the revolutionary contingency of a black republican President fa the place of Mr. Buchanan.the revolutionists of Europe in their atteto the spirit ofconsciousnessable error, Deajhthe men w!sumedthe fall:tics are moquestions, andfenge, and, smarting under the ving committed anirretriev- ichmond, Peter Cagger, anddious and harassing campaign across tpe con- 'shall find out that he has been beaten, aadI I B U MBoon »T TO SWA*.In his speech at Atchison he proclaimed theOABDBS, ffura OABDBK,ou8 defence that local poli- wide as was the range he gave to his ideas, he for all or none." Such a wily demagogue as impertant than national was reticent as to the true object which he had Seward could not possibly approach any i State of New York a higher in view. Hedid. to be sure, speak of his anxiety closer to the announcement of the beginningBOWSET THBATBB. Bowarv -Moss is CAUWaaxi- USMTT BOW Of T»-ria«MWTl» ©BWH1IA5considerationtheir greed for t the whole confederation. In to make a pilgrimage to Kansas, which he de of a destructive and bloody revolution.contracts and ir railroad spoils, their canal nominated )he Saratoga of freedom, and also Mea of New York, ponder over these things.petty plunder of the county of bis haviay an idea that, whereas the jState of Study for yourselves the inevitable logic of without the Unto! or assume to forget, that New York-Was safe for Lincoln, there might be these enunciations of William H. Seward, aad Empire State, t New York ceases to be the some danger'.that all the States of the West prepare yourselves to say Whether yon arewAUuicrtTHBATBB, Bwawwar.-mrwa Wiw The revolutionary results of these late elec- tions, from the Delaware river to the Wabash,Fiss.t.atTBA KXBJtrS901FACSJ—wage war against all the monarchies o first, that all preexisting calculations of a pos- earth, and assist by money, men and arthe Albany Re, cy gave itself up still farther home in Auburn, aad to undertake a lone, te- conflict would be kept up "until the adversaryTHKAT&B, Wo. SM Broadwar - bave created a very general surprise on all sides: but there are abundant causes within.—Wiauae-Asrao- reach for a satisfactory explanation. The workwas fairly commenced with the democratic re- BAJUtCM 8 AMBBICAK hrDSSTJ*, Broadwar.-Day aad peal of the Miasouxi^Compromise ia 1854, fromoffices, they f<national metro^o: roads, the fat conthe local plund which now flows of our national eA I U K I AKOO*.KSW BOWERT TBBATBB,Bnwiaf-Joura uro His BE«T»*B>—Uinsa- Custom net. Ac. _ _ _ «BRT A*TR VTKSTRXL8, Xeehaaiqa'BAB. 47?Bmadway.- BHUU.SICU, 80S**, 1>AJCKS, Bc-ICaXSt i.1 OBBSKt'i.which we may date the commencement of the practical disintegration and destruction of the democratic party. Hence, but for the dis-city becomes no more a great were not soli But he did not himself appear to willing, by your votes on the 6th of Novem- , and the spoils of the rail- expect that hose excuses would be accepted as ber next, to Inaugurate a revolution and war acts on the canals, and all the true esp anation of his political tbur. and of races, in which the atrocities of St. Domingolose that prosperous tide he rather %|W them out for the sake of baffling may be rehearsed, and of which the watchwordHI BOOS 8ALOOB, Bro*dw»» —BOOI*T A CAirrarix's tracting element of Know Nothingism intence.curiosity opttlje subject.And yet if was utterly impossible for him toH E I R '•auc1S56. the opposition would have buried the democracy in that campaign. As it was, they were only saved by the State pride of Pennsylvania in reference to Mr. Buchanan.petty views, the New Yorkaioruj* Hoses, Bekiaaaais, DAKCBS, *c.— RTHIOb y eCAWTIBBCTtV hTCTIC HALL, MS Broadway -Bonos, DAXCCI, BvRLSsaon. A*.of party nominations, so that there is dangerTRIPLE SHEET. But the knowledge acquired in that campaign by the republicans of the secret of theirselves intolsattled and clearly defined jprinci- vlncas,have now no feeling against the descendant^ of triumph through fine division of the great con- We have published this morning a fewstrength was not thrown away. On the con- trary, they have employed it with unflagging industry ever since. This secret of their power is the slavery agitation.arrived at this port yesterday morning, and UieEur c pean maila to the 6th inat. rewched this cityfrom Boston At A late hour Jaat night. The im-portant points of the news by the9t- arrivals, re- anti-slavery romance of " Uncle Tom's Cabin," ceived, by telegraph from Cape Race, have already and these things, with the deplorable pro-sla- bteD published. We give, however, in to-day's very outrage upon Senator Sumner in the Se- paper. Utters from our correspondents at Florence nate chamber, and the political consequencesand Constantinople, and a number of interesting thereof, broadly suggested to the republicansextracts from our foreign files. their future programme of operations, to wit:It is authoritatively stated that the Emperor a moral, religious and political crusade againstral press upon the Prince's reception In our the journey and made such speeches as he did. city. The newspapers In Boston, Philadelphiaaad elsewhere in the provinces have been vio- lently exercised ia then* little minds because there were some blunders made in the minor details of the great aad ever memorable recep- tion which the commercial metropolis of the Union gave to the immediate repre- sentatives of the British government. OurIt is not unnatural that he would regard with pastoral cities are particularly savage aboutdisfavor, if not with some degree of contempt, that celebrated assemblage of the fossils called a man who, without any special merit of his the Princes ball; and here they are, for aown, was taken from the subordinate franks of wonder, right The circumstance is one offltwlark,ThmrsAsvy, October 18, 18*0.turn theiir atteutiop to the two great points of fand save the honor of tiebe attributed the fact of bis having undertakenThe N«w*.The steamship New York, from Bremen 3d inst.,terms. There, is no longer any cause of qufirel between them ; and Irish-American citizens, who have renounced their allegiance] tjthe British government and sworn aliegia|cjto the American government, have no rigbj bdrag their own quarrels, much less the qnur"rels of their great-grandfathers, into this cointry for the purpose of embroiling It w i t |friendly Power. American citizens are too miu to Congress. IT; e. In the splitting up of nanimous, and know too well what is becoming sort of jconseqjue that naturally results from to them as gentlemen, to resent upon a'Prin'c<* the State tickets aideration to local than to who pays them a friendly visit wrongs andjfw giving greater; C and the vast amount ofEvery one knows, and he has never attemptedNapoleon has decided to send reinforcements toKome,%o as to Increase the corps of occupation to21.000 men, thug indicating bis determination tojuries inflicted upon their ancestors by one ofhat is going on among the ttees and the contending po- od, well organized and well licans will probably havesuch surprising rarity that we seize with avidi- ty upon this single opportunity to—as our Western brethren would say—acknowledge the corn. Strictly speaking, the ball was a humbug. A greater humbug even than theprencrre to the Holy See the Eternal City, andper bap- those portions of the Pope's dominions their work for 1860, after having fed the anti-davery prejudices of the North for several Prince Napoleon had' made a short stay in Ire- years with the sufferings of " Uncle T om," thein a friendly manner.1 -hiOatsM* CsUewJatloBS Kxhawaterf—Sew \ «rk to the Rescue.the occasion of the reception of the Prince •- f Wales. The meaning of these resoiutiovested of their surplus verbiage, is thai American government and people are botime the spirit. at Baltimore, it the democratichonor or powe:A powerful auxiliary in 1856 to "bleeding Kansas" had been furnished in the excitingthe slave system of the South as a diseased ex- crescence upon the body politic which must be taken oat by the roots. And so, in resuminghisPrince appeared among them he was receive!!t>ti!l i - oupied by the Papal and French forces..l.<ad, visiting several of the principal cities and border ruffianisms of Kansas, the assault upon deal of bungling in the manner, and the o| for merely because it carries the veto power fortowua. The weather in that country is reported to Sumner, "the Lecompton infamy,"and what fogies who bad charge of the ball acquit! be quite favorable to a good harvest. not, a more enlarged and systematic distribu- themselves worse than even the AldermenFrom Italy there is not much to add to oar for- tion of political anti-slavery documents was the case of the Japanese ball. But the in mer uetf s. King Victor Emanuel wag expected at commenced. tion was friendly and good, and everybody co;hinder, and thus secures a .schemes of public e spoils. The Lieutenant large share oi ntended for because, asGovernorship is tate Senate, he nominatesPresident of theAUCCDS. Austrian alarm is on the increase. Na- Conspicuous over all others among these re- curs in the compliments paid except the Sixiyf, committees an ores or defeats the plunderla coisequence of a misunderstanding as to thelocal:t> fixed upon, the Committee on Finance branch of Congress. Altogether, we dare cal or republican, have their good and connected with the union torchlight procession, say that a million of dollars would not cover phases,, and for many nations a monarchicleading genius in giving direction to the policy of Lincoln's administration. Mr. Seward? there-which was appointed on Tnesday evening last, by the republican contributions expended in the form of government is better suited than a re>beea issued, calling upon them to assemble thisafternoon at 514 Broadway, opposite the St. Nicho-Western States daring the last three years. These labors of sectional hatred and alienationby the Sixty-ninth regiment, a despotism wollc j York will sav<suit them best. What a precious republic men* from the dange: ty, and makeHouse ef Representatives and present toiour readers to-day extracts from a black republican minor!- our special telegraphic reports of his speecheslas, at four o'clock precisely. It is to be hopedthat this important matter will be punctually at- have contributed their full share to these re- of their calibre would make in Ireland. Atended to. cent republican victories; but they would have short time ago this regiment recognized th<, less event to oilection of Lincoln a hann-In the Court of Oyer and Terminer yesterday failed had the democracy at Charleston or at Queen of England by asking the favor of beings' man, therefore,!for the Congresand furnish reliable data from which to :predi-h«hiug the booking system came up in a verbosecoramoak atioa from Commissioner Jeiiinghaus, de- rific financial revulsions of 1837. So great aNow we desire to draw the attention of our a good deal of interest just now, in view of thevery pious friends of the Sabbath Committee to importance of |the!|organization of the next where it seemed alike impossible to go Forwardttoun log the booking system and arguing that theway to get rid of it would be to exclude the rail-rca3 agents from Castle Garden. Commissioners without bringing along its train of political Puruy and Lowe were of opinion that this wouldonU aggravate the evil. The paper was finally and financial disasters. The hopes of the ieierred to the Castle Garden Committee. The country against these disasters rest upon Newnumber of emigrants arrived here last week was York. And how is New York to be saved* 1X*C, which makes the number unce January 1, Only by fighting the enemy with his own wea-these facts, and to suggest that here is a fruit^ ful field fqr the exercise of their zeal. Thre<Congress, and b e siccordingly sent out a num-or return. This, we presume, waa but anotherM :«1. The commutation balance is now 17,770 9s! Beef cattle yesterday werevery plenty,and prices were slightly lower, except for strictly prime, which were comparatively scarce, and in somecases realised a alight advance. The range waspons of organization, union and untiring ac- tivity.Nothing else will avail.' But where shall wehegln! Where else than in this great citadel ofamong our lawmakers and other rulers. II that ought no| to j have been published. We dishonored their memories." And waat is thethe Sabbath Committee want to makethejol refer esp#cially,to tile comments upon the pub* remedy which he proposes'' One entirelyselves really useful, let them take these chjl-i lie career of Mil Mather. Mr. Mather is a skil- against the Interests of the South. It is thatf.lc. a <4c. m9|e.t and the general selling prices the Unioa-the city of New York? And thefrom 7,c. a 8<c. tor ordinary to fair. Milch cows crisis requires the prompt jojjflotien of the were unchanged. Calves were steady at previous ways and means for a general aad concurrentren in hand and educate them. They will find ful, intelligent | and] astute politician, and as slavery—which he declares to be "at all! times and av. fail tc all the proprieties, to engineer it a far more useful employment than interflrr such baa of course- provoked much hostility and everywhere unjust and inhuman in its the solid men. they ought to do somethinging with the innocent recreations of thepooi from his political enimies and from rivals ia his very nature"—must be treated henceforth as very fine. If they do so, we of New York will laboring classes on Sunday, or the necessaf j own party; an all the difficulties ho has ever "only a purely local, temporary and. excep- be most happy to give them full credit for i trates, fibeep aad lambs were very plenty end 2s. a :«. per head lower. Swine were also in abundant supply, aad go. * Je. lower, amies ranging from 6c. a 6K- the total receipts (including those st Ber- per* Hill) are 5,711 beef cattle, 118 cows, 617 veals. 1" 144 sheep and lambs sad 14,302 swine.The refsttsdesavtsaesef kUltog frost laay»tem of ors^uzations, and speakers and do- cunente, in behalf of the Union electorall»»rttotreattts, •id.i;iBg oj artth I ajfwisd•a the bests of U^Afor should be attended to' promptly:*No time n i la store aetivs'Wlthrefere oaslvttvled th, aad lbs atarket far all grades cto -1»bel o t t -VOur commercial Union . - «' >men of thisThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comficant words:—" And also that they may, if ad- —*—«-'- •»!.-» as>ti/\fift\r th*a'f»tvi.-d OroteO-sS.OOO balsa,tie fittest can aa article from a Philadelphia paper, whl|h he will be se:We know, then, that the election of Lincoln will be the signal for sectional discords: for acts of political rebellion and scenes of violence in the Southern States: for widespread politi- cal, financial and commercial derangements. from which New York, the city and the State, will be the first and principal sufferer into the policy to %e pursued when their party thought t h | time waj past fori (tryingexpansions of 1835-6 were followed by the ter-revolution in our political affairs as that involv- ed in Lincoln's election cannot take placeber of reporteri to dpllect materials for a sketchthose who waged these wars; nor is it forinterest of either nation to be upon unfriend! state of things the,, voters of New York mustthey existed1ahd that to their existence should Cheerful extracts from the comments of the ru-ancestors.Accordingly,whereverm fIn this city he was greeted with enthusiairr. by all classes, ft is true that there was away in local matters outil canvass; nor was it that hemight have ajk j opportunity of visiting Kansas. Japanese ball, about which the distinguishedHe had a twofold object in view.ot far higherimportance to, himself. -He wanted, first, to soundly berated. At the Japanese ball there create an enthusiasm for himself in the Western was a jam—at the Japanese ball there was a ge-States, which would be at the same time sooth- neral fight for supper, and several spirited hand ing to hi&owa self love, so deeply mortified by to hand combats over bits of cold chicken andhis rejection by the«Chicago Convention, and bottles of champagne—at the Japanese ballval armaments have been ordered to the ports on publican anti-slavery documents was the in- ninth regiment, who, worse than the famoii < plots. The Ca|i Commissioner is contested also aid him materially in insuring the Presi- the democratic element was strong in morethe Adriatic, and several classes of the Hungarian judge in hell, described by the Roman poet a j disposal of profitable con- dential nomination ia 1864. His second and senses than one. Beyond these refreshing epi-military force have been ordered into the field. The famous Helper book, as a deliberate, statistical because he has th< paramount object was to bind the administra- sodes the Japanese ball was well enough- tights cu the Venetian coast hare been extin- and argumentative onslaught upon Southern punishing the accused first and afterwards try tracts. We might 6 through the whole list ofguished, to prevent paribaldian agents from mak- slavery, representing this institution as the log them, condemn the young man with State offices and w that plunder is the only tion of Mr. Lincoln, in case of the success of There were young men to dance, aad young ing soundings at night, as they had been doing of fruitful monster of crime, degradation and de- out accusation, or even the possibility of hi principle on whic ey are divided, and with the republican party, to the radical anti sla- women to do large amounts of the mazy with late. cay among men, communities and States, with being able to do any wrong. Who caK so many Candida greed must defeat its wor- very policy of which be is the great apostle the young men. So it was a ball—a dear one,By the arrival of ^he steamship Saladin at thu an array of facts, figures and reasonings utter- say that he will not be the best monai and expounder. It is only in the carrying outshippers. of this last idea that his enunciations have as- It matters not, then, how the people vote on sumed a character of the gravest Importance; the State offices^ for the bargains to defeat the for it is generally assumed, and may be taken British monarch of modern times in his p >wer I popular will, and divide the spoils have for granted* that although Wm. H. Seward has, noon, and reached Boston in the afternoon, wheie extent of a quarter million of copies. Next to The Parliament is "omnipotent" But it is tifni I been consummated, and all the noise in advance, notified Mr. Lincoln that the Stateport we have flies of Kingston, Jamaica, papers to ly overwhelming to ignorant minds prepared to the Irish that ever sat upon the throne, noi the blh in.-t. They do not, however, contain aiy for the poison. This book, under the endorse- withstanding the tfcd manners of the Sixtynews of general interest.T i e Prince of Wales left Albany ye-iterday fore-ninth regiment Very little, indeed, has thtit, in the matter of circulation, we may enume-rate the last ferocious abolition speeches ef liament, if not for his own,' after he comes Sumner in the Senate, and of Lovejoy and the throne.others of the same character in the other All governments, whether they are mortarthe people can killisave the honor ef the Em- It is well that the country should thoroughly request of Mr. Munroe, of the union committee, distribution of their anti-slavery documents, publican. Judging from the amount of Intelj^ pire State by surrporting national men for understand«*What that programme is; aad thetiid. not organize at 751 Broadway. A notice has agents and orators in Pennsylvania and the ligence and the temper and manners exhibited Congress. Fifteen true men elected by New better to enable it to do so, we have collatedhe was escorted through the streets by a body of cavalry to his hotel. The people thronged the streets, as usual, to catch a glimpse of the royal party.about Kelly and Brady and company is merelyChinese warfare, in;which noise takes the place ask no office under him, still bis will be thement of a hundred republican leaders, has been sown broadcast over the North, to theenough to condemn him for the faults of Par-of New York—meaning Seward himself—willallowed to visit their native land as a regiment,charging him with the murder of John Walton and men, instead of knaves and fools. It is to the with their arms in their hands. They wsret If Lincoln shoi be elected the contest with cate the national policy of the next foujr years. guest with an air ia which dignity and suavity.'oua W. Mathews. The prisoner pleaded not guil- folly and knavery of the managers ef the de- politely informed that this was contrary to the abolition tbjeoi es of the black republican The burthen, of the song which he sang from were blended in exact proportions, entertainedty, and requested a speedy trial. The District moralized democracy at Charleston and Balti- law. Why are they so uncivil now to the BOD; party will rage in e North, not in the South. the shores of the great lakes up to the plateaus him with proper courte3y and liberality, butCharles Jefierds was arraigned upon the indictment Baltimore been guided by wise and honestnates did—like a gentleman. He received his-Attorney, however, stated that it was his intention not to bring on the trial until after the 1st of Janu- i n uext, owing to the decision in the Hartung r i s e . The prisoner was Accordingly remanded to prion.more, operating to distract, demoralize and di- of the Queen from whom they asked this fav|rl Below Mason and xon's line there will be on the bead waters of the Mississippi, was the ir- made nc fuss about it. and gave him, without vide the conservative forces in Pennsylvania. They mean well, we have no doubt, and witfc but one party-f the party of conservative self- repressible conflict bet ween free labor acd slave doubt, the best possible impression of ourOhio and Indiana, that we must charge the dis- vote against Lincoln; but they ought to have; defence.9 In the th division and confusion labor. Occasionally he introduced variations local government. Then the outpouring mal results of these late elections. But it is obeyed the orders of their General, and w'i Will run like will through the now appa- indicating that the conflict was one between the of the popular heart—the cheera that enough now to know that those States are lost, trust that Governor Morgan will take the isf; rently solid v\ of the black republican two systems bf aristocracy and democracy—be- arose frora half a million of people— and that New York must come to the rescue or cessary steps to disband them and send thenf party. Already ai its leaders assuming pbsi- tween rich and poor—between the great and the the order which reigned in the streeta—thef' tions from wheace arry on hostilities against humble—between capital and labor—between grand display of the firemen—the parade of each Other. Tie ibderate republicans will not the slavery-tolerating people of the United our elite regiments—ali these were demonstra- follow Seward! Wl n, Sumner and "the Massa- States and the j slavery hating exiles from Eu tions which no other city in the Union couldAt the jfcurrogate's office yesterday the will ofCaiebjO. Olatead was admitted to probate. Thetestator was the President of the Manhattan Bank- the country is lost. There can be no mis- somewhere to learn good manners.•ving Company, and his property was very conside- rable, it is all given to his widow and other rela- tives. however.A quorum of the Board of Education failed to assemble last evening. A special meeting of the Commissioners is called JOT next Wednesday, in consequence.taking the drift of a republican administration,if we look to these means and agencies of sec- THE REAL WORK OF THE SABBATH CO:tional agitation which will have brought it into TEE.—We publish in another column a verJL chusetts school" treason and Hartford Con- rope. In his first speech at Detroit he announced approach, and we have the best authority forThe Emigration Commissioner? met yesterdayafternoon. The communication of the Commit-•icners of Charities and Correction, claiming mo-neys for the care of emigrants in the institutionsander their charge, was referred to the Committeeon Disputed Claims. The Commissioners receiveda bill of $339 3$ for the care of two Prussian emi-grant children In the Uttea Orphan Asylum,and referred the communication to thecoousel of the Board, who informed themthat they are not responsible for any billstiia-ged against them unless they were incurred business affairs. These things will follow the by coatraet with the Board. The question of abo- election of Lincoln as surely as the pet bankChnrches and Sunday schools, Sabbath Commits Greeleyi Wilsojh d William Lloyd Garrison. overtasked our wisest and most eminent states- tees and Sabbatarians, the practical religion of Sumner and wlndell Phillips, differ radically men—leaving the inference to be drawn that hethe adult population is at a very low ebb, andthe religious education of the children is grossineglected. It would seem that out of tht Congressmen: 900,000 people comprising the population o to the llouse the metropolis only 200,000 attend any form dj black republic worship, and, what is of still graver importance elected.there are cot less than a hundred thousandchildren out of a hundred andseventy thousandwho never attend Sabbath school.As for the Philadelphia and Boston papers, what they may say of us is not of much conse- quence. It is the old story of the dog and the moon over again. We may. however, take thL= opportunity to note the fact that the splendid reception which the Philadelphia papers talk of as having been given to the Prince in that city was juat no reception at all. Affrighted by the recollection of the Japanese reception, the Prince was smuggled from the railway sta- tion to his hotel, wftich he entered like a thief in the night. The rich men In Philadelphia had not sufficient public spirit and liberality to sub- scribe the funds necessary to give a ball, (the thing was attempted, but failed utterly.) and the "reception"—If an operatic performance can be so called—was entirely in the bauds of the managers of the Opera company. The sham committee grumbled at the very smallexpense of two hundred dollars for the decora- tions cf the house, and finally refused, it is said, to pay it So Philadelphia may as well keep quiet about this matter. As for the Bcstoniatw, with Governor Banks .ja thorough gentleman,power. It must fulfil its promisee: it must act as it has agitated; it must practise what it has preached; it must even aggravate the war be- tween the two sections, or its fires of agitation will go out and its party will fall to pieces for the want of political capital.curious article from one of the religious paf tention blnelighi . They are rejecting now that the North was not satisfied, and that the saying they were exceedingly welcome to the pers—the New York Evangelist—relative to thl the red republics ism of Seward and the South was not satisfied: that the 'difficul- royal party.,spiritual condition of the masses in the metropolis socialistic theprit of Greeley. Even the ties of establishing a .satisfactory and :SOGth-lis, by which it appears that with all ou£ advanced leaders f fanaticism, Seward and ing policy on the subject of slavery hadcomes into pcLook out. then, for the satisfactory skd soothing processes; that la new lat the right kind are sent and great "moral question bad asisjen in ie first .Congress under a the nation which would be fatal to political 'resident, if be should be parties unless they consented to be Immediate-ly renewed and] reorganized according to theT•Ba -.1.J•: wi »•—•< —...i••,.0 u A Ienoe enrich of Herrick in the corporation tojustify us' % proaouncing him wholly disquali- end freedom could not coexist; that they wereNew York hat|a sacred doty to perform ia fied for a seat in Cvngiew). As far as the otherftbe comiog polices! contest, and If it were not Congressional candidates ire concerned we conflict between them, and that be would a!-have nothing to s a y ; but we cannot help re-Stxty-Nlwtlt (tots*) IU»!amaa\t ^Wft have usurped thf, control of the several party marking tasT fact that while the republicans action, "the decrease and diminution of Afriaaate a M Ike niei reacbad about 3.000 hhda. and 4,000bat*Ctiaa, at rateaglvea iaanother colaana CoCfetwaiBrat. A cargo of 3,622 baga Rio waa sold, to come borefrom aamptoa R>*os, at p t. Fraigbtawere irewr aadquite active. Among the engagements were 1&0.3C0 potiton Utcord, Archbishop Hughes' organjtfh coming electio.but ^ i of grain aad 10,000 bbis. flour to Liverpool, with resolutions adopted by the members d r a f t But faction is ing its utmost to complete and raicidi course than which they C9uld not and forever." grain andfloorto Loudon, at ratea gtvea in another place.Thela another column we eopy from the Jfjrrj h I redeem her ioj y to the whole country, at the nomination iu each district, the democrats have made the startling prediction that "one singlethe Pxlswa ff WaUaa IN organizations. tWe Empire State would nobly have verj wisely put only one candidate in slavery in all the States." In conclusion, boto o v e r s o wdem can exist under a monarchy; and, la>t that, as the government of the great grijnl father of the Prince of Wales behaved b "* to the Irish people sixty years ago, ther their Milesian descendants now in this couitt should not conduct themselves asgentlecer ,but insult the descendant of George III}, i young man of nineteen years of age. whoijh never done any evil to Ireland or any o country.This is a small potato business, unworthy of the well known chivalry of the If|sfi race. The American people had two wars <§i George EL, one of which began in 1776 lasted for seven years. In that war they * iered as much as the Irish ever did at the hof George III. Still later there was auo war. which lasted three years, ending fofive years ago. In both wars the British mor narch was defeated. But the American peo|>i|existingdynasties;that notinent, up,to the head waters of the Mississippishall voluntarily retire from the field."and through the parched and arid prairies ofact with them, have as- Kansas. In his various speeches by the way. principle of "bullets for all or none; ballotsto them from every section Inquiry thaif with any idea of satisfying publicof the dominant party would be, "Bullets for all or none; ballots for all or none."Impelledpoliticians have siflit up everything in the shapeconceal the secret springs of his action. The New York lieccptloa of the Prlare— that a sectional,and fanatical minority will Whether ojrt iiot the ideas had resolved them- What they Saw Abomt It 1st Cite Pn»servative majority] jamong the masses. In this ciples in hjs Town mind, there is no doubt thatthe national copEmpire State."wi tending politicians. These to disguise M that he is no admirer of the coun- squabbles of the e the fusion electoral ticket try lawyer Of Illinois whom the Republican two great points 0 Lincoln, and the re- Convention at Chicago preferred to himself as in oppooivion men as representatives the standard bearer of the party in this Presi-out reference to the localturn of nation; State elections are of no dential stmpgle.liatLoual questlo cheating all rounseveral State Colitical balls, thdrilled black iepeverything their oof New York cily.lSThe Governorship is foughtthe party ana promoted over his head. It was not, therefore! out of favor to Mr. Linco!n that Mr. Seward l«t| his Auburn home to Undergo for five weeks jthe annoyances incident to an extended polno doubt, but nevertheless a ball. Now the Academy affair was still dearer than the Japa- nese ball, it we reckon the' cost of each per capita, and the former was an utter failure. Wall street tried to do the thing from its point of view, and so the Prince was surrounded by an- tique dowagers, venerable matrons and gouty millionaires. Everywhere the vulgar arrogance of the mere moneyed man and woman predomi- nated.This, however, we hold, was ia no \. ay the fault of the great public. The great public was excluded from the ball and from the reli- gious service at Trinity. It was in these places only that any snobbishness wa3 perceptible during the whole of the Prince's sojourn among us. His reception on the Battery by the Mayorall the way from Detroit to St Paul, and back was in the best possible taste: and throughout tioaal Interests. Let every to Cleveland, i These extracts contain thje very the whole affair the chief magistrate of thewell to the vote be casts pith and marrow cf his political conceptions, city behaved—as none of the Wall street mag-ticket.of determined purpose. But if the cliques andcorrupt demagogues succeed in so dividing theconservative masses as to permit the black re- fore, has laid down the programme of national publican electoral! ticket to win by a plurality, affairs for the next four years. jihumane—another word for the abolition— TflECoxGRE3feio.Nii. NOMINATIONS.—TheCon- spirit of the age. that the only existing! cause gressional nominations for this city are exciting of mutual alienation among the States wasform of expression for the irrepressible and hundred thousand neglected children, who afel of the candidales, jfchich appeared in our co- Inevitable conflict. After thus moral! -ing hegrowing up around us without any knowlof Christianity, morality or religion, are to come the future citizens of this great metro lis; many of them, perhaps, will one day "be-lumns yesterdajr. Ki the haste with which the falls back upon declamation, and declares that accounts:were Ibompiled there was some injus- In our policy on'the subject of slavery "ivf have tice done to th| public character and conduct defied the mlral opinions of mankind] over- of some of the uomlnees. and a good deal said turned the laiis and systems of cur fathers andavocations of the little newsboys.I got into have from that source. With tional institution, confined within thje]slave Only let them remember Mr. Webster's favorite i regard to Dr. .fed rd, also, one of the candi- States where it already exists," He has made couplet:—To solid BMOoi Boston, drtek no strong potations: district, his professional the discovery that the pollticd power oijslavery Ye sou aaen ot Boston, make ao long orationsmmantod upon. He does is at an end. and that its combination areas a physician—to bleed broken up and can never be renewed witii suc- THE SC?TH TA MOTICV.—We give elsewhere; though heaven knows cess. No government, he says, can excuse it- to-day the proclamation of Gov. Gist, of South a good deal of bleeding. self from the duty of protecting the extreme Carolina, convening the Legislature of that purify their political sys- rights of «v#ry inumaa being, bond or free, State for the purpose of electing Presidential mtative of the comaier- within its jurisdiction, and he felt assured that electors on the first Taenia; of November next floating vote is against them, though it may be merce. in enterprise, in wealth, they abuse i*» ' cial interests b/sfdistrict, and he is by far Abraham Llnfola would not fail to re Inaugu- Besides this, the proclematioa of Gov. Gistdistrict throughout the State. WeCCM^SSIOSS OF THE PHILADELPHIA PBESS.ft dates in the The Philadelphia newspapers are particular\ position iswant ia savage at ail times about the comments of the not go to Coevery nolo and corner s> roll of the Now York press upon the City of BrotherT aad physic the conservative tote, books forand active recruiting agouti to bring th!m*~7 Love. If we venture to say that Philadelphia many of them The ropublicans count their wxpootod majority is a dull village, they are irate. If webhlti and purgingterday. while same bsHarr withdrew than- asppUas fromaaarfcst IV StoafcSi thaipart hibeoomug rodueed,sod in this State from the floating vote; but our that New York has outstripped her In cott-j tins—butasalost if not looked after at once. This dutyentrate the anc gramme.IJ. t.>.-«V i.«•-ft«»^7a£9 Coa V*«We summon to-day a witness, in the. shapeat constitutional policyf-jor, in contains, also, ia the citation of purposes for ip preference to the others. other words Carry out bis (Sewardi)! pro- which the Legislature is convened, tueee signi-U•"**• anmbte eonfessioa that all we ever jatrue:thatPhiladelphia,asacommercialcitj" In nomination. We trust toSMr. Herrick he was errone-ntitledDocum1 slavery, and that at last we had reached* a pointincompatible; that there was an irrepressiblewaja favor, within the limits of constitutionalconcern of Boole, Van Tine A Co. were so  