 P" BI ^ejkThe United States steam corvetteWyoming, Commander Mitchell, sailed hence for Callao, Peru, on tbe 35th u l t , making a descent on that place, and asking aid. The quotations being 830 per quintal. The following ship- with despatches from the Department of State to Mr.•1)- 4 13 p M offuv »•** J " * * * ** ' "» ****** *°* hotow taa tower orosamg of the river. They•present circumstances lt Is vory possible that the Vice Pre- sident may be the President on thi 4th of March, 1861, and there will be therefore a greater anxiety than usual to secure a good man for the Vice Presidency.thrashed some poHoemen severely, and was at last over- some years an employe of the Paaama Railroad Com A considerable number of the delegates left this after powered and conducted to prison. As the case was a pany, and was much esteemed by all who knew him. So noon for Washington. Most of the remainder will leavei4•> aae Mnrejoea. -jveomaaawaat; the 61*;thePah-. IMofc already a too oatd, togattmr with5*jjJS3»ukiau*******I*diM"' o' ao* oaa thaa atx hnndred aatnai m I.I • to«ferycrtaa" af the sarage has aeon apee aMfsVawrespectiveTte Governor af awstsooer aasOMood o isgthataj'armedtroopseoaatogmatMuttStatewRhoot havtogshetimssarymoorsfromthefederalgovernment, or w teoat prtvloos advice from toe President of the re pnhlto. thai he treated as ravsders pod aaaatwo, Ttntts (steaded to show that that State is prepared for any sod cen movement or surprise ea the part of the federal go*^><|OJatoatojrw»ataaihaiay^a#a^aaRawaeay»i»aiPermanentOrganizationandAdjournment Oftie Kichmond Convention.iJaM 4, onto, their, Coot A. S. Jeans, from Ae- ateegere, mails Bad 81 ,400,600,town with thear biaakets aad rtaaa dnrtsa: the atehV g*11*"^»"kS?*'^a*8"*^oTwRlbelainn * raacaco soon. No Indians were aeea or beard, nor doBocae aai port duties were performed by pravhaoual officers, wbe held seeatstata of the towa by a guard of tsenty soldiers.H O S D U E A S .There is not an Item of news from thai republic.SEWS FROM THE SOUTH PACIFIC.CHILE.CABINOT CBANSR8—ROWING DISCOVERIES CONTTRM-RD—INDIIN3 QUIET—COAL—RaVRRRNTS Or VJ!» SRLB—CORRERCIAL, ETC.The news from this republic la of but little Interest change hat at length taken place to the Cabinet of San- tiago, Beacr D. Antonio Y a m having been appointedexecutive power consider receesary, will continue to the discharge or their duties as long of they submit to the l»wt and authorities ofttm State.Art 8. The proceeds of the osjltonil revenues in Oauca shall be religiously placed at the disposal of th? federal government, as soon aa theeaasirlnttonai rule Is re- established, and in the meanwhile too liabilities that affect the Gtaaad an treasury win he compiled with, as regards the proportional part that belongs to the State.art. 4. Oauca will cultivate its relations of good reeling and friendship with the other States, oo-operating withthemtortheestabhthmentofthenationalunityunder the rule of too oonstttuUoa of the t M of May, 1858, aad lot government will strictly respect the righto of foreign subjects aad tiUmns, la conformity with thetownof na Uons. T. C. DE MU3QUERA.M. M, CARSO, Secretary of Government FtoiiAx URUACIU, Secretary ot Furnace. Given in Por-tvan, May, 8,1800.(THE NEW YORK HERALD.I0LE NO. 8680.ru or THE ran STAE. 00,0001HTBIA8CRE.MORNING BDITION-WBbNESDAY, .JUNB 13, 1880.PRICE TWO CENTS.direst t .Mr. Hrirrsm. of IeaBSSBiwBaMaasi.Bftoithefall •*thatthereshouldhave beeaea too IBWtattoo Ii waa to avoid all.Mr. Jeans, of Beorgte, Bate it wean be ktgely |te teke aay actan at lIBTWJ lniM mm uuraiu. WWtt"wtfii CARSON VALLEY.tfu> Sandwich blandi, Oregon, frcDColumbia, Wathington TOT- rjtery, South Pacific andCentral America,4t. ex*., *».rDelaware, warreted and Yvgteto to tos'Tlmi soots wan)-jBttlMatfal. O F * " * -,0Btee night cf the leta ftWto be deranged at too,tecewwf0 the treasure lis*—tBr» M7JH0 imartoaa Ma. aw... kartaaaaCa. > M N I^nnae Kelly At Co.. 39,000aao by another pareoa, who came op with Oaatata CarhO, of the aasjaajsajary relief party. They are sup paoed to oaoRKMa a party whtohToft Vlrgtato Oty on the 5th of May, tor preaaosatoa In the red blatfof the Trnskee. A despatch from Vwglam aty, May 17. giventooappaaded addtthmal particaawoof themasAiaytnuef Panama,jumped overboard aad rtrawaad. BeMoveea wnt aadtwo children, re-aSm-ars.... JO.000 Voo HodmanIOOD 20,000 Order 10,000HootUltloo lm Califormla Western r t a to.10,000a a dpected to take porseibion of the lands ceded to the nation. The Coptapo and Ocqukmbo mines continue to produce finely. The coal mines la the South were profitably worked, ABmany as fifteen vessels were loading coal atas Commissioners here aa a farce.Their whole action is looked opoaen SAS pauicisco CORRESPONDENCE.Baa Faiacnoo, May 21,1800.marttytju Indians in Wotkat—JUtt ef theliad awl rwmded Jfortasn OmpMctry law teat froam/Jeapedeaed tofhtnorthern smelting mtaohwhtasato of Chile.Oh the 24th of April the English frigate Tribune sailedfrom Valparaiso for England, via Bio Janeiro, and on the 29th, her Britannic Majesty's corvette Termagant, and gun boats Grappler and Forward, sailed for Vancouver's Inland, via Callao, Peru.did It one i possess tbe reversionary privileges of New Granada in the road, there IB no doabt but that it would make such Improvements as would give increased facili- ties for the transporuoon of atsrchaxdtse over this Isthmus, and thus benefit all concerned—the share- holders, the country, sad shippers by that route.L l a w r 1 r—d, m-fmtcmUinlaroti (bn/V»UThtummi OmUfumimi ofti* Fleet adJaaai (an of (W. laadtr t JPaw-cmua ALABM r« r-iiDoam.A detpaich wns received here a few days since fromto Europe, of the denomination of half and dollar pieces, the government haa decided to limit the coinage to small pieces—each as ten and twenty cents. Copper tn bars has declined 60 cento per quintal—the lasttration comes into power, aad when peace is restored to tbe Confederation.not yield one inch of their claims at Baltimore. They will all act together, and the course pursued by the South Carolina delegation to day SLOWS tbe good feeling aad the desire for unanimity that pervades, though most of them think lt ia almost useless for them to go to Baltimore, andIfewal awautt lOfotTOd bore of the float between J^BetanatdeahnB oathe Trtokeo were In son* re- aaaiwuiiiiill TOOmamas dm aot txoead fireBun- ^^^ I eWol w toessew* aste^aanBjrWft^B^sam tpRavoE aa>*'Oaaawiw^to aawwaa oaaeae *^eB a ^ t uurty teat taetr llrea. Tbi• a n y further aawJataw Res nwnawawd bath* m daot-_— 11^ 1 B w aw^w^Pfhw o^aaaaw) 0^^a^w7waaT"w> aw^F »<^0awa^wawaa OiAowaoafJVltwittd aanaaitioa rtmdabod tooState by oaaa-* ijata already aad a f aheat anarchiaf to the eeeaeaMarysvflle dsoau remarks —our city was thrown Into feverwh exohaiaent yeetordnv afternoon by the arrival of several telegraphic despatches, stadngthat the Indiana were coBecttog m large aambers at Serra Valley, aad making throata of hostile descent upon the white dnzena of that rsglen of oenatry.crier w a s employed, a a d after nightfall Umas by calling upon them to aattaahle in ia front of taa Weetora Hotel.At eightoilooR t v e or six hundred persons had assem- bled. V a t meeting was called to order b y Colonel Mal- abo, after briefly declaring Its object, read a de-p aiahmeat they restoved last year from Col. Hoffman's oommaad Is perhaps 'orgotvn, sad aa the hostages delivered np were killed la aa attempt to escape Fort Yeast, they have no great desire to keep theMajor Carlton, or the Foot dragoons, with Lieuts. Carr and Ikvw of the same regiment; Doctor Lettermao, of the Radical Staff IT. a A , with eighty eulisted mea ot B andments have reoeatly been made:—to Eogiaod, 5,116 quin- Clay, now Minister at Lima, respecting our different tiesiBtttertaaea at oaco by the geaarei govanuBaat, yet la • :nr*» paat, wo are compelled to rely upon oar axagtt, thera la a o doabt that aach power aa w e d owill be exa> ed to the atmoat, aad ao tucoeaaf ally • to noroujbly aaodae the rodskms, aad awe into baa lie white majereattt who, R la aafe to aa/, are •ftoaton <* iheaa horrid buteherieo.afXAra that thaw boatUe Indiana, havlag atrncfc 0 • and fearful blow, hare either scattered aad ro- la Ue.r vouotalo wilda,or that they hare formed a at * .tn the Indiaaa farther north, aad threaten aupon tae unprotected border aetUemeata of 9«rra'• rompt aad eaergatie meaaarea, however, hare lateo to repel too the m that dtreatloa. Tnere BeamsMohave,< twelve miles below where the Salt Lake roadleaves that river, and in the heart of the country of thoseIndiana, w&e, tor the last year or two, hare been way-laying and murdering our etttoens, wherever they foundtli-m unarmed and at their mercy. Oa the 19th ult.,while ea route to their present camp, one of the Major'sHanking rartiee, under command of IA. Davis, came oatwo Indians whom they attempted to make prisoners, inwhich attempt the Lieutenant had three of bis men cations are that OaatUia wUl, if he has not already dooe shipped a few weeks since by the Intendente General ofsaraa m a asm ObdO sValaawear,mot •——TWh# WOJ BBWOWW OwleT r v a W W lorn ^ ^ t " tws>. . - - . - J » • *• 6 u u w Mi- KnawaiMeartwaaatnaua—a -v••aJmnaMrah^amnwrwa £»UwQwawT/T%•TICK OF rOSFIONtR8— ARNOOrT—TORACCODDTT. Ooagrcat was la session, aad waa engaged in the dwhas, and a very able man indeed, brought the matter to as sattefactooy a conclusion as was possible under those circumstance*, but CastiUa rejected the arrangement aadRaea ptare, A tottor from aw. & Perdy,BOORSewteaty or fteJajy SBna^ejant i eRto to July, naviag home kw i tkelTtk.Bmaaaa, way 1, saaVe that theApsahss hadt»» leroratd laatail'!,••from«ee noatteg grooads are entirety separete t, baraboeB hroaght to aot Boaaeortpotted to be outing forced loeae. imprisoning people who fpeete him, and commROsg other outrages upon the in- J^daato. It would he a goaeeaU if Flores would come «e the relief of the cttiaens of Guayaquil and rid them of the Presence of Franco.QMS. IRAKCO RRTOaTM) TO ii AYR BERN 8HOT. ABFT3TW AIX, JORO 4, I860.The Hew Yorkers Snubbed by at whoa we reassemble agate, aad It weald be nanreper for us to teke aay final aatua aow aa the ptotfern.1 , A!!* £??*£***O t y ,aayi:—aarauaaj. wrttan from•eWCUd.Oly. The Incans were reported to be within two aulaswounded, one, private Browa, of K Company, seriously, by na arrow in the belly, and was in the end compelled to kill them to prevent sacrificing the lives of his men. Tbey killed Williams and Jadcmsn a few weeks ago. On the 30th, a part of the command, and the Major himself, made a recoanoisance oa the Salt lake road to Kingston Springs, wthout any results, and returned to their camp on the Mohave oa the 20th. Lt. Carr, in the meantime, Having thrown ap circular earthen redoubts, with a covered way to the water at Bitter Sprtnga, for any smallto, recede from hia position and comply with the demand tb't ;»tate to the port of Savanilla, with instructions t i beot the French government to salute ita t!ag on the castle forwared from thence to Bogota, tor the use of the federalat Callao. V Lesser*, the French Charge d'Affaires,in- government, were denied aumission into that port, on the the freo soil Regency is no tost of the real feeling or the stead of being deded by President Camilla, w is receivedby him end his Cabinet with every demonstration of re-spect; and, on the 13th of May, M. Leasept called to-gether the French residents of Lisas, and assured themthat there was no cause of apprehension, and that thematter in dispute betwoen the two g^vernmenu was in alair way of being amicably settled.iwr* «. ibt fcnnJaOoo tor a snrmaw that a portion tarty of emigrant* who might happen to be attacked at ••-«r»m:dLaaawarriorsnavemadeadetourarounl thatpointtousetortheirprotection.'an- atuleataate, aad gaJaod a foothold In Straw-l Ti >». Tnj report, however, aao aot oaaa tao-The Lima correspondent of the Panama Star and Tbe mail from Bogota has not arrived. We have no President and a Southern man for Vice President. Underj eccflrn«d. nuaD.wot'^nBDJJK>amaaoisnaaL»TBu m t (chowug abdwB the naaaaa at the maa who formedHEWS PROM CLNTRAL 1HD SOUTH AIEEICI. hln. got into a drunken brawl with several negro men and women, drasged one of the women by the hair IntoAu !bagttt at Traekao. It a aa full aa caa be H i e R e v o l m t l o a i l a N e w ttrsma.de>—Vox.to thss date:— nm^eeytromGeaoa,oadarCapi.Cocdoo,wason otiows:—Tanmse Ooadon. D. E Kimball, lay, Robert RWiey, Bbj Tezaa, at. Polar, Mr.i.ttr Lea aad Mr. Jamea.•may rrom Samoa CHy, under Major Ormaby, HMajorOrmaby,JohaBtaokbara, F.Stelr^er,«, Jsmm aotewood, Wm. Spear, Frank Gilbert, mi, f a . O- Marlay, Bachard WaUdae, John SkwoeJ Browa, Or EcOelroth, Dr. T. Sader, Jan.aad nine dmcharged United States aaVaawa, Iarcyet aaaaowa.from Virftaia, aador Cape F. Johoooa, d F.Johaaaa, J. OaUMeFraary, HaghMcCaarka tfcLoud. Joha Ftemtog (Qreek).I {Croak), Andrea aooald (TwJlaa), Marco |kmWi(A.a»rma>,Jaha<iareatiaiauatraa), Geo.qmexm'sProrlamauoa-Ramon of War Betweem Bam Salvador a a d Mleeu-st-grave cne, it came at once before the criminal judge (Joe* was Interred in the native cemetery, the rites of the Ro del crimen) The French Charge tn Lima, Mr. Hu-t, heard man Catholic church being performed in the parishfor the same destination in the morning. far as New York.Soma will go at_ of Wlllmn Arrnagtea, C W . aJsaa, J. aatdwla, D D Cola, A. K EUawt, C For- 1 1 Oramea, t OatOooal, W. HawBas, AreaiOaM Hah, George Jraea, a Lawrence, Oaa. Me-The Paaama Railroad Company a steamer Oohtmbas| with two week's later aewa from all parts ot Central Ame- riea, arrival at Panama oa the 20th of Mty. Shebroaght l,i77 hege of coffee, principally for too New York sadyears bard labor; he waa already gone. In toe meantime the French Consul to Callao, who, as people say here, was on had terms with the Charge to Lima, accused the latter before the French government of having ne gtocted French interests, aad of having not given dueKhjewdea.^ Spear,aSpear. ^ ^ ^ ^^ajtww* -Capi. R. Watctaa, Pmrajoa.'jonn •mm, albert Room, Caartea Dwraaa, Jaaea law, BBBtea Bay (tame a a l oa-of other articles, chiefly for England.The newt by this arrival la unimportantNICARAGUA. RTJHORi Or WAR.gossip says here, Derate a uncle, aa Invalid sergeant of theoldImperialguard,wantstraighttotheEmperoraad represented hat nephew s complaints- Such aa appeal tender hearted Napoleon could not resist, and atnet or- ders were aent at once to Lima to demand satisfaction from the Peruvian government The Consul In Callao was rewarded for his teal with the cross of the Legion ofburg, are stopping at the St. Deas Hotel.M. Hoffman, Esq., and Mrs. F. Warden and family, al'- ef New York, were among tbe arrivals to the steamer Arago yesterday, aad are stopping at the Everett House.in their particular fine. Is not very extensive, though Rto serve the constitution inviolate. hoped that they may exert tbe great influence of toe jMr. Eawrx waa then conducted to the chair, when he to the cause of honesty aad virtue A tomato aafafeutnaToe only iateWgenes we have from this republic w a«wa—Ctvll W a r lmFrench lm Poem, 4te.Bythe steamship NorthStar,Capt. Jones,wbich ar-rived here yesterday neon from Asptnwall, we have re oeived oar usual alee from South aad Central America. Dates are about two weeks later.t e a trad A m e r i c a .BtmoRS o r W AR nsrrwKEN NICARAGUA AND SALTA-of it, and interfered in the man's favor with the Minuter for Foreign Affairs, Mr. Cevalloe. The latter Immediately com- manded the Judge to send him all the documents aad pa- pers of the proceedings, which the Jadge did—a fair ex ample of the independence of Judges in Peru. The Minis- ter and the Charge forgot afterwards the whole affair, (perhaps the Charge waa cooviaced of the fellow's goilt), and ao it rested a few months At Mat the Minister or- dered the Judge to give the man np. The Judge did so aad cot the proceedings short, saying the man waa sum cieniiypunMhedbythethreemonthsofimprisonmenthe had suffered. Accordingly, the fellow was set at liberty,church of San FeBpe^P e r s o n a lA. M. Sherman and family, of Newbnrg; D. Rich-mond and fam>ly, of New York; Dr. Jalllen, of England. Dr. H. H. Sanders, of New York;General John E. Wool, of the United States Army; George H. Ingraham, Esq , of St Paul; Rev. D. Magill and tody, or Boston, and Dr. McGuignaa, of iowa, were among the arrivals at the S t Nicholas Hotel yesterday.Captain Glynn, of theUnited States Navy; Mr.& Woods and Mr. M. R Morgan, both of the United States Army, aad Dr. F A Byne, of Augusta, Ga., are stopping at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.Commodore Wright and Col. Ben. HaUaday, both of Saa Francisco Mr. Chss. R Weed and Mr. E. J. Harvie both or the United States Army; William G Barnett aad seventy three others, passengers from California in the steamer North Star yesterday, are stopping at the Metro- poutan Hotel.Ecuador—-TheThe National Hall delegation had no authority from Mr. Dickinson to act for him at the Convention. His friends here repudiate their action. Mr. John Lorimer Graham says his name was Inserted in the list of delegates as commissioner, without his authorityDOR—WATCRALlZATlON AND OTtDBR LAWS IN si d soon afterwards toft the country. But the caseCOOTA RJCA-THB tlVOlFflOt IN NRWORANADA— had caused a great deal of noise, and toe Su per.or aad Supreme Courts rejected the first Judge'sRir-HMOjro,Va.,June12,1860. The proceedings of the Convention were opened bysels. This regutotioa is eat tbe precursor ef agreater changes whtoh are to take place to thecustom tows. It is simply a feeler. It weald be aing to the people if the where lostmitn of customs aboliihed A more tyrannical, nameantog and ridtcuaanj system never was known out of Spain.A branch of the Dashaway Society ef year city was or- ganized here a few nights since, through the exertions of A. G. Randall. Dr. G. W. Rogers, an Asesrtean phyot- oian ef standing, waa elected Preaideat; Francis Cortex, ftaq., Secretary of State for the State of 8taaioa, a very amiableandintelligentgentieman,wasmadeVan Presi-Paa»). Way from Vagmaw aador Captain a. STATS Of CADCA DRCUARRD INDRTKNDRNT, ETC. decision aad condemned the Frenchman to twoprayer by Rev. Dr. DCSCAH.Mr. GALBOCX, of South Carolina, son of Joha C. Calhoun,from the Committee on Permanent Organization, made the following report, which waa adopted :—For President, John Erwin, of Alabama, with one Vice President and Secretary from each State, with the excep- tion cf New York.aad Kieeragim, but ae n aeeds conflrmattoa, Unto or ae rehwoot 100010 be placed oa aCOSTA BICA.KBWLAW FOR rOUTICAL OrFRNPBBS MATTTBALIZA- bassador, Mr. Rivero. The totter, the best diplomat PeruaRna be preserved, to word, aad deed, and letter, and the by William Miller, Esq., who haa a contract from Ifav quiera as State comer and saaayer. The Bwtog returns toSo*May. Coagreot had aot thee adjourned. It had conceded very little at rwipeoto fat Beetton law, hat had pestadLed divemmg too Stotoa of nearly all too righto they are rtptdlytoodlEfto oorhoa.I Mi O lchief or the armv is Seme all he oaa to ***Bkaw» ism sMewo sadTaaaj % sat W^^B^SE ^—• _ __^»twar. A it saawOaai aaao ,•*_**_,he ojd wtten^SwAte?Boreeoeotoiin returning »hn letter to Mr. Greetoy.lt Mprontrtotay tat ooptatof nwereobtamed from a eattrely erroneous The letter was norsheerauntilafterthe18*vKmo aadtMofthesatOtojar of Mr. Greeny aad theCATITAL.Carps of Eagi-fawada'tBtowafoa, we.ot hatlat Richmond s o the 36thof Jean, to eel Oatmoved that aner the wordlavooed u eatorea the 10th arttoto of the af ISM, waueh previses tor the mrtaaasotoa ef -f, Ftorea having beea regarded by Ecuador fortaaay years as a flithuster. Thetimeallowedforthefree Impartofforeignpro-TisteneintothepariofGuayaquil » extoadedtotheilat of August next.The datnrb«d state of the country has seriously affected hasmesa at Guayaquil.1w *f»°»»J*» otaraer, who woo placed In p>wer theredadtog 3ohvar,SKao THE PRESIDENCY.by Gen. CoattOa, fearing aa attack frost Ftoree, waa vwatooat Official eonflrmauoa ef too aews ef actively engaged in preparing to reatot torn. He ia re- Geo. Meaeeera having declared the State afhave KeaBy the arrival of the Pervrtea sehoaasr Saa Patrtoto atPaaama on the 'An of Hay, we have news from Emador established, tbey restore with the 'Federal Union." to aad Caaca. There was a report current that General the *UM%the enjoymeat of the rights which they naveDickinson,On motioa the day ot rw changed to rhuraday. theTbe Committee oa were preeeat fromSouth'dearie A letter from the hew Yorkdeclaring that (hey aremony, end that tbey were atoohere to give that New York would bo twead tent to too true to the North should a crate arrive.OoL BAXPWW, ef Ojiaeaas, sate New Yorkassist to throw oil oa the troubled waters; to urge y e a to do ot yea have dooe to take no dectatve action here, hat to go to Baltimore. The Commastoaera, ha said, sgrotel with this Canscausa la dsptertog too aaaiteaOsB ef en at- drridaal whose mlscatoR would so at tojmtota to oaontat as It would be destructive to the democratic party aad dangerous to the Venn Mr Baldwin proceeded tt steao length to deprecate the dnto'ution of the TJOtoo, aal to r«y that he was one of those who could set sot how tow Union could be dnaolved.Mr. DAWBMI, of Georgia, celled toe iMr. BAiDwr* resumed,,aad continue*! fore few in the same strain. <Mr. BAttrr, of Mananton)tbe South have avoided all dneaaston of tbe questieo, w o caaaot permit ethers to opea tbe danosstoo. W e have allowed tbe gentleman from New York to speak by Otefi tesy, oad be hat aeootd that courtesy.Mr. BAU.WI.V resumed, sad wss speaking, when ft tat- too to adjourn woo made aad carried unanimously.Orns were made for a speech from Mr. Yancey, but ho declined, aaying he hal much labor before him at WaaO- ington and Baltimore, and ahould take occasion to al treat tbe ontesas o€ Richmond oa ate returaTHE NEW YORK DELEGATION TO RICH- MOND.TO THE EDITOB OP THB MEW TOES HERA LB,371 BtxuowAT, Jane 13,1800. Referring to the telegraphic despatch from Richmond in this morning's HSBALD, stating that certain young gee-Uemen from New York had appeared and etoimed ito the National Convention, as "delegates Of theof National Hall," Ac , I have to state that a e saeetmg of the members or trustees of the National Democratic Hail Association baa been beid since tho meeting of the Cbarten- ten Convention; that the trustee* or said isaorIslam have appointed no delegates to any convection, nor have they power to do to; and that the delegation referred to, with young Mr. Lawrence at its bead, aad Col Soatebedy te aa tell, n self constituted. I am assured that tae sense at moat of the gentlemen menticned to roar deepateh are used without authority, sod that tbe '•delegation." wbao it appeared at Richmond, numbered just five men, "hi buokram suits." 8 P . BUSSFA,Chairman National Democrat!'. Hall Assoc.'at oa.HEWS FB0M SOHORa.Onr Maxntlnm Cerraamcrndence. ALUUTLUI, April 21,1860.thi Taking <f Colina aad fepic— Plight <f Lotadt oad AV ctpticm on Board Her Britannic Majttty't Skip dneXAjat— Bote Mirancn's Defeat at Vera Cnu tost RxHmct— 4a- cliorage end PAMgt Fee*—the AxiAawoy Soctity—fat Mint at Guaymat—The Cap'ain of Ctptown—MtvamnU af VeneU-The St Mafka—Her CaOito, dfc-,dxBy the arrival of a boat from her Britannic Majesty '• •hip Amethyst we have just received news of tbe attack upon CoUma by Ogaxon (liberal), with tbe additional fact of his having taken poasaaainn of th at city end the port of Mansanllla. A detachment of h a troops, under a man named Rejas, entered aad took the city of Tep>-. a towVlrgiala14 Phoro w o . n j alarm & Vtrgtnm Franco bad been shot at Guayaquil. Gea. Fiorea arrived usurped. ^ ^Arv 2. Oaatequeatty, too national tmplsyes resident to Oatoa. cease to the extreme ef their fnnettoot, bat Pat Kyle's stoaa asaal, wham wsa aanrteaded. Maay adt At Boeaaveatara everything was untot The Custom these belengtBg to the offices of the treasury, that theW1W£.^.* ^^ ~,»?«•*«»?«*«• ootwarod atat Pomoot on toe 5th, tram Calate, aad immedavtely pro- ceeaeo np the river to Barbaetos, oa U s way to Qdto.0UE SPECIAL RICHMOND DESPATCH. Riauram, Y e , fane 13,1800.The pregremme boo beea carried out to day as I in' formed you yesterday. The only incident that nifflsd the calm of tbe proceedings was the conduct of Mr. Baldwin. of SyrseoBe, who, with the other members of the delega- tion from National Hall, New York, wai treated with great courtesy la being admitted to a seat on tbe floor ef the Convention, without a cause or right to vote or take a part ia the proceedings. When the Convention wet on the point of adjournment, he undertook to lecture the Con- vention, not only in tbe name of hie fellow delegates, orOaanatonoaere, as they call themselves to-day, but ia the name of their constituents and tbe whole Stole of New York, He talked of the dangerous tendency of their pro oeedinf a, which h e said were leading to revolution. After proceeding at some length tn this stran, he was effectually rebuked ky Mr. Barry, ot Mississippi, who told him that he had abused the courtesy of the Convention bv entering uponfrom Saa Fraaenco, aad the I believe any are within fifty aulas. Our popaJattoa hasMiM, arrived at Bate port at BOM yesterday, idates are np to the 2lst ait, taclusive. igpie af her California aewa has beea en-tOeeverasd nail aad pony express. .Varaaavaaflad from Sew York May 21, at 12 15 .rrrtmte AaateweJl May 30, at 8P .JI. Sailedbe«a mnca iiatrnwhed wtthla the aaa a w oayo, h a t ab- aestoee will reiura s/tar the arnvai of troofnow oa the road. A war • satistpated, batwon't come h«re to fight naarvaw aoaa a w atnuenmWe have jam received coaftrmattoa af aaothor horriblemassacre oa Trochee, which maw, have hew between the 8th aad 11th of May. ftCL. oodteaof teven asaowatehawnmurdered aIt a understood that Moaquera k m a large military alyi,LL,SowYort. He was a strictly Zfj-H!"TM9- E ^ * , « ***w«Mt Lamar, <*" » » f , Mintater of the Interior and Foreign Affalrt. His ap- toroe under his oammand, but that he hi poorly providedCharlea Pahner and Maroo ^eaavick, left here Satorday, pointment has given general satisfaction, and ia regarded with arm*, a large quantity of rUlea and muskets of bio 5to, for Pyramid Lake. At Bed Bluff, Traacee rlvar.they having been seised some time since by the IaleadenteOrovQle. They teft Bad anff, Meaday moralag, for of the President to conciliate all parties. Ha was has an agent now In the United Stotoa tor the purpose of Pyramid Lake. Their bodies have bean foaad ia Wtl the candidate of the opposition for the Presi- procuring mote arms But should other lots beshippod tohe had said that the proceedmgB of the aboUbonnta were leading to revolution, there weald be some reason la bis remarks. The whole Convention cheered Mr. Barry, who Is a very gentlemanlike person, aad showed bow Indlg neat they felt at the course of Baldwin, who, instead of throwing oil on the waters, was doing what seemed to be only kindling angry feelings.Yesterday the New Yorkers claimed to be delegates abd alternates, and demanded to represent the State, and wield its thirty five votes. To-day they appeared in the new character of Commissioners. When they found that the Committee on Credentials would report against their admission, they addressed them a letter, saying they had not intended to present themselves as delegates, but onlylongaby river, fonr miles from the place of departure,dency, and hia acceptance of office under the him via Paaama, they will probably snare the same rate a s the first shipment, unless they should b e clandes- present admlnOtratton is looked upon la Chile tinely or •urreptiuoutly placed on board of vessel i m this aa e reconciliation of the dfflkrences heretofore exist- port and conveyed tdBuenaventura. But "where there•bowing that tbey were atordered the day they toft Red i W o c a 3t\*et JtmnoPatrtekfcCO.. eo.ooo Bait Thtewaa the day on which the massacre at Wll-ImwaV Station took plaoaT o n * - . . H * » TaalO,lleCaalllaCo. ,•4*7... 11,380 TreedwedaOo107.000 A gentleman from Wsaaoo informs the JRmaeain rfitCo. ift.OOO Ameraam Ex Beak,. 46,600 Zkmocnt that the oaase of the present oothreak (k4«aw*ail lk,6"« J. H-OogbiD 9,000 among the Pah Utea was the unprovoked ahostlag tiaattwaU 15ceo Chan. W7Crosby.... 9,000 of Winaemnck, the head chief, by a white maa, TTT7.... »>»•* aA-Mawdord 6.604 who rode tots camp aad shot haw at tight The Sa- "tfieAOo. TjOt CBMtilory 14,000 T " * »aya jhat the wattaa aad the Pah Ctaa enteredWte» Adams 9,000 Chaa. W. Crosby ... 1000 sawamlraa- i k TrtTttfir 3,070 Wean, Fargo a Co. .378,000 titattoa of stolen property, watoh treaty h o tp«Ci«e*Jl... 0,000 Weito.Perxo h C o , . 23,100 .fur... rt.OOO Freeman A Co . . . . . 73«0 i i tartar Aton 7.000 Daaeaa,9aenn'aM>>310,8752,000 Dttttcaa,«Mem»nJtCo 50,98760,8644.000 (ursa or nmux HoarrunaB.ing between the two parties of the country.The news heretofore published in the BASALT, of too discovery of silver and copper to great qaantiuea in the minte of San Felipe, situate to the province of Aconcagua,at fully oonnrmed. In one of themiaei, near the sort tee, several pteoes of aattve silver, very rich In quality, have seta discovered. A veto at tatwnthnt has been thv Oovered in the same mountain.is a will there is a way," aad the probabtltty Is Moaquera will receive all the arms and monitions of war he re- qutres.Should General Herraa not succeed in amicably arrang- ing matters—and it is generally believed he will not—a civil war Minevitable.The laat number of the Tiempy received from Bogota states that "the Sanford negotiations are not progressingThe Indians have remained quiet of late, both in the favorably. The government seeme decided not to com north and south of Chile. The treaty made with the promise tbe rights of New Granada In the railroad con- ple. The country in the vietnlty of Pyramid Lake in eon tribes la the lower frontier by Col. Barboea bus been ap- tract. Mr. Francisco Parruga baa informed the govern-boaeatiy eotnpbed with by the Indiana than o i r own peo-steered their owa territory, aad was am apart tor them by Major Dodge It waa solemnly promised to them an their boms, a bore they ooold forever remain uninterfered wait by the whites Recently, however, the latter have encroached open this domain wUh their stock, and the Indians have natarally become alarmed, believing that their home wot about to he wrested from them, foe toterpn*' conaseta moderation, and advaes a conference with the ehiem, for the Indians will not be driven from Pyramid witfcont a struggle.iwirrna or msnta's sxmtrnox.Ooloael F. w. Loader's Wngon Rosa Kipedltion left this aty en the 10th torn for the North, fully armed and fur- nished tar flghttog aad working. Colonel Lanaer goes right to the dwtrict where the massacre occurred lastweak.proved by the government, and that officer was soon ex- ment In writing that he haa full powers from a wealthyFwatt BIB, Bterra eoaaty, atetlog that 1,500 Indians weregrnua msxrxjuacsa a n o norm.Late advices from the Mohave are omtoeoa of renewedWITH PERC, ETC.The only item of interest from this repubBe ia the arri-caster sailed from Acapulco, Mextot, for Guaymas, on 19th ult. She was to touch at all the intermediate porta. The United Bastes sloop 9t. Marys, which baa been lying atthey will fight it out till tae ship sinks. He was mostNew York house to offer better proposals than the Rail- road Company, either for the purchase of the privileges aad rights of the Granadian Oonfederaton, or for loaning on mortgage of the same."If this be so, the company will not be likely to succeed s«na tons have lately been taken out, aad shipped to the In its present negotiations, which to to be regretted; for,the port of Ooronel at last accounts, aad some three thouThe delegates here consider it at unjust to It is aula. ciovis to call their proceedings revolutionary, conscious, as thej are, that their constituents at home are far ahead of them in that direction, and that they have been doing their utmost to restrain and calm the people. So far from desiring revolution, their object la to prevent it by ob. taiaing a recognition of the just righto of tbe States.waters of Peru, un-ier the circumstances, very naturallyfriends.Mr. Jan. L. McDonald, a .most estimable young man,proai...d a good deal of aiarm among the foreign ss well aa native residents of Lima and and an employe of tbe Panama Railroad Company, diedCailao, and tut President Casttlla had repeatedly declared very suddenly at this place on the 31st ult. He waa athat he would never submit to the demands of the French government, everybody expected to Bee Callao reduced to tshes by the guns cf the French ships. But the indi-native of CanadaA rumor reached here yesterday that the arms, someHerald gives the snnexed account of the cause of the misnnderstand ng between the Franch ac : Peruvian go- vernments— "A French vagaboad, by the name of Dur-news from the interior.On the 24tb ult., Phillip Miller, boatswain of the UnitedStates ship Saranac, died in this city. On the 23d, An gello Rimos, sgel 26 yearsIn Panama, on Thursday, May 81, James L. McDonald, bw bouse, nearly bit off' a thumb of one of the men, a native of Canada, died. The deceased had been forBw^ah.rawlateoh, Patrick MoOourt.S.., Brnry Newton, Joha Boyce, A. J. Peek, Sao Francisco market, aad 27,314 hides, oesVtes a variety protection to French subjscte. At the sums daw, so the A. C. Wilder, of Kansas, and Rev. C. B. Wyatt, of New-The temporary Chairman then retired, after making abriefbuteloquent speech,concluding withthehopethatthe result of their deliberations might be sock as to pre- dent, and Mr. Beaven Treasurer. Thefieldof operatMes,ever, and the French Charge left Peru ia conse- Orleans; H Earll, Esq , and lady, of Syracuse, aal A J. quence. Nefottenjons were continued for some Carpenter, Esq., of Savannah, are stopping at the Lafarge ume by the French Admiral, hut bad ao bettor re- House.sult. Then the negotiations were conducted la Paris it-exercise of their philanthropic runetSoaaown righto, to unfurl its flag to the breeze, aad to firmly Tbe Ewing left yesterday for Guaymto, with the Mlatsad proudly march oa, demanding that the constitution machinery. B te te be located at Goaymat, sad a ewaadjequal rights of the States guaranteed He would say this port sad hence to San Fraacnoo. The gin a Basse I tt nothing in favor of or against going to Baltimore; too poor at this moment to purchase her had she comeself, between the French Ministry and the Peruvian Am-The Washington eorreepondent ot A Notistoat statesthat a competent gentleman has at length been foaad iathe person of Mr. Johnson, lormeny Postmaster underPresident Polk, to sot so oommaaioner for the settlementof the claims of the Rhode Island Company with Senor but whatever at done, we must strangle this set- down e month sooner her owners would bate reahaelaf a project af law to have all>y jury. A bill was asm aador ieoaatderainn pro- deposed his Minievr. The agreement was the following—Bargee, the Paraguayan Ckrmmlastonsr. The appointment, as well aa that of Mr. Ward ss Secretary of the commis- sion, has beea approved by tbe Senate.The same paper states that Mr. W. B Churchwe'.l haa been appointed by the President Minister to Guatemala. This gentleman pomesses the fuE confidence of Mr. Bu-handsomely They hove only aow to keep her m the peat, "squatter sovereignty." He denied the impu- trade until December or January next, when the shtoBtation that their purpose wss disunion. The North- come in from Europe tbe government will then be fatern democrats have gone in pursuit ot a false god that tbe fundo The speculation was well ooaeelved, oat a BtUo toe tote la its execution.South cannot worship, and we must endeavor to bring m. Caption <Ulot Capitanot (the captain of a'l the cap-them back to the tone faith. He earnestly hoped that tains) , so Francisco J. Manly, nmster of the hark Naraatl-the result ot our deliberations here would reenJt aot only pic, pompously calls himself, is mil hero. If thevkrmg tor the oaturaiitatloa offer On the 39th of April the President for all political offecdera who_ e d dartaj the toteA ooaaptsto change had taken place la thetaaeaartof jaattoa.Totaooo, both in a manufactured and unmanufactured M«ie, dm atwoduotton of which hawtetore waa prohibited, • tow admitted sader a daty of osvaaty five per oeat- tte decree admttbtf tale srttoto woo pebLthed by she lTaatd«nlootaalthofMay,1000.SALVADOR.A raiaRT W rROCaXR—TRR rRwanWNT OR A TOCR.Some oaardert baa taken ptooa m La Union,oocaawued sylhehad conduct of a CatkoUojsrieat,the aatare of wanm a net stetod; hot too ortott, WROOSname ahaa bean arrested or isemisn\aad order taerohy re-, Preaideat of the republic was oa a tart to prcvtnoeeMa great falling off la for the year laoo, Itatlon of the French flag, and the Prefect of Callao to payan official visit to the French Consul for having neglectedto vtut him oa Napotoon'a day, the Consul having vtoRtd chanan, ss is proved by the private mission oa which heti 000 indemnity for Durhia, toe exemption of French decree of subjects from the jurisdistaoo of the Judge in Callao, aala-^ _ . htm oa the day of independence. On the refusal of the waa tent to Mexico and wbich resulted in the recognitionPeruvton government to ratify the agreement of Es Am- bassador, M. Leeseps wss etnt out with new instructions, sad with s three decker, to give more weight to his argu-For the result we have to wait still.THE FRENCH AT TBRC—CALLAO MOP YET DBSTROT- BD—THE CIVIL WAR IV ECUADOR—OBOLB STILL PROSTERING.The English steamer Bolivia, from Valparaiso sad mter- medtoto ports, arrived at Panama on the 23d of May. She brought 83SS,346 ia specie for Europe. Her dates are Valparaiso April 30, and Callao May14.HEWS FB0K NEW GSAHADAc/ tbe Juarez government by the United States. Mr. Churchwell leaves within a few days for his dssUnatkav.Sftwtol I n t e l l i g e n c e ,The United Stotoa frigate Sabine aad store ship Fal-mouth were at Atpinwail on the 4th last. Offioers and crews all well.Tbe United States steamer Saranac w t l at Paaama en the 3d mat Offioers aad crew all well.The United States steam sloop Lancaster tailed from La Uaira May 10torAoapalco.The United States steam stoop Wyoming was ot Realejo ea the 17th ult.Hr. Greeley's Letter te> Oovemor[From the Albany Evening Journal, Jons 12 ] Governor Seward has placed the letter writtea to him by Mr. Greeley oa too link ef November, 1854, to ourin securing our own righto, hut the welfare ef the whole country.oaa Consul aid hie duty, 07 Caption of aO tbe would be ordered to take hat pie box oa there, and i body else put In bis place. Toe veeae) ought to be i to sea, or something done for the laterette ef the i teen poor widows tn Orlaad, Maine, who own tbe TIOarOonuxdsstoeers invited to seats oa the floor, but am as delegates, vix:-Theodore stoat, J. Lorimer Graham, Tjaac Lawrence, Janes VtUtors, C L. Stewart, OoL Bald- win aad James B. Bensel.tons, ostensibly looking out for tbe tirtmatte ef her Britannic Majesty's nbjecte. T ae Pytodeoleawtss bar; for toe sake of too pockets of Cant, OreetoB, I knpo net to the same manner she relieved bimtootyear—that <loss to him—but the captain ought to appiy It; he cannot expect u> be anything more thaa t reoejring ship, while the Pylades is ready w*h her see at aay momentTbe St. Marys te growRg baruacleeaad oysters te i of "to tbethisship have beea atC o n r t28ft. 816,116,1400.188,1847, Ifttf, 18tS, IBM, 1806 1807.610, on,ls4S,OM.80*aao, ate.BOl 800, 686,1180, m, 880,876,113BX.lit2,1144.1146,T"xxTcrrm-BTfy H.GerdeowooaaaftoAkO/rvtet,W».cox coaarfr Georgia, est Friday toot, far On anirOer at_ u | - ^ TRfjOmto fta MglafnawB a^awP Pftnart "aWAv* t^nLaaaaantl JTwaawaaw nPAXARA, June 4,180R. Cwawiete-Oea. Jtovwa't Jajjortt to Pre-Stheeds, WRO him» ofltoMl*. «lw|l.vto relieve him from the thatth.Amotion was then mode to appoint a sonants,Mr. HAK-H, of New Orleans, offered to 0 following resolutions:—tooOoVOTeR © f WaaisSat Lw6 m% G w F Wof the' Graeadtoa Cea'ederation. hot at Ifagthhero It was iormallv so declared oa the 8th cf stay, ae will appear by Ike annexed:-raocLAtUTM».Article 1. From this date the State of Qaaca aammes tteraBsotjrrajga powers, and will not ceattaee m rcatttoa wtth the taflopel powers that have broken the PederaJ compact, until the rale (torn rial of the eonstttatiea beingthe Fire-Eaters. lawPB^Eawenmnaj^e'Nw*^ —^w*^—• ••••»•Tbe vote waa then ready toJataod by Joha Gibaoa aad Mr. ChafieM, reoeatly by the press of the country as aa indication oa the part General of the State or Panama while tn transitu. He a discussion from which tbey had refrained themaalvea. IfIt is to be hoped that the oompaay will meet with bet-ket, In consequence of the heavy shipments or silver coin ter soccers—and doubtless it will—when a new admtnts- They are coo), but they are determined, and they willThere la but lotie change to note in the Valparawo mar-tals; to France, 0,083 do , and to the United Statea, 0,022 witn that country. She probably arrived there about thedo—making a total or 21,719 quintals; and of copper re- 1st Inst Under directions of Captain Robt Ritchie, the that there will be no agreement. They calculategains there have been exported from Chile 4,781 quintals senior officer present, the utmost despatch was used in upon the moral effect that will be produced to Kngland, and 4,114 to the United States. getting the Wyoming to s e a Lieutenant Boyle, command -Flour to qutet, and the trnnaasttoas are limited. Prices teg the United States storeahip Warren, executed Captain by the majority of the Baltimore Convention refusing tbe rangefrom83to$325perquints1,sixmonthstime. R'aorderswithtbegreatestpromptitude. locuspeniUntti,wbichwillbeofferedthemtogoodfaith.PEBTJ.THE FRENCH CLAIR—RECEPTION OF M. LB9SEPS BTThe Wyoming arrived from Realej Jhere on the nlgbt of the 53d of May, and by five o clock on the 25th tho was cos<ed sad ready for sea.From whet I heard Mr. Mudd, the agent of Doaglas, say yesterday, to a group of delegates at the Exchange Hotel, it is evident that the followers of tho " LittleThe United States steamer 'Mrsaac and storeshlp War-THE PRESIDENT—HISTORY OF THB DimCCLTY ren are tbe only vessels of war la port. The frigate Lan- Giant" have nailed their colors to the mast, and thatviolent aad defiant, aad said the Douglas men would: atchter, tatether with the erUsena at the TaJley, dhturbanoes with the tnbea that rive oa the Yuma. The val at Callao of the French line of battle ship Daguay- Geaymas rot nearly a year, baa been ordered to this part never surrender or patch up any peace with the South- days since, driving the robber chief, Losado, to tbe portwove til ndatwat to protect the asttlemeata araatat - artaar Iadtea aeaUHtlea uatfl thegeneral forera-.Z. « » ' oiod Iterward troan tnm aaitLaaeor i a r*!>*ra «*e TOhmtearTronler, ninety guns and a crew of 1,000 men, with M. less*pa, Charge d'Affaires of France, whose mmsioa has reference to the unsettled affair between France and Peru,to relieve the Saranac, which will soon proceed to San Francisco to be repaired.The anniversary ol the birth of Queen Victoria was an propriately observed to this plkoe. All the foreign Cin- suia hoisted their flags in honor of the good and virtuousthat he had two thirds of tbe people with htm, and that in spite of the South he would be nominated at Balti- more- Mr. Douglas' game is still "brag and bluff," ss itor San Bias, where it Is stated he was received by the commander or the British steam frigate Py lades Topic, the most unfortunate of all Mexican towns, is agate, tor the sixth time in one year, the scene of desolation aad terror. I am told that it is absolutely a deserted city, in- habited only by the few mwerabto followers of the suc- cessful chief. Rojas, the liberal chief, whose sneoess hasjust been announced, I am told happens to he very iittio better than Losado. Orgozon, in leading Rojas to attack Losado, displayed a little tact. The old saying or "sand a thief to catch a thief " must have been in hia mind wbea he gave tbe order. Capt. Grenfell, tt Is said, roomed t a n bloodthirsty and ferocious highwayman (Losado) with t h e greatest politeness on board bis ship, the Amethyst, at Sao Bias—a report which 1 trust, for tbe honor of his eooatry, is without foundation. It is quito certain, however, thatthe whole thieving tril>e la aow under the protect'oa of Ler Britannic Majesty a ships Amethyst aad Pyladie, the commanders of wbich vessels seat men from each te the shore for the purpose of affording more effectual protection, as the ships do not command the town from the anchorageOrdera were issued this afternoon to the Custom HousO to clear no vessels for the present for San BiasA dethchmert of some 2,000 men left this city yester- day, in comp.ianco with a request of General Ogaxon. of Oolima, for Ttpie. Ogaxon. in bis despatch te Governor Vega, says— By the ume, or before, you receive tins I t b a l l b e in t h e c i t y o f G o a d a i a j a r a , s e n d w h a t m e n y o u c a a to follow as expeditiously as possible."Tbe liberals have the complete ascendency here t o d tbe oonservadora are in despairThe intelligence of the defeat of Miremon before Vero Cruz, and the taking of his vessels by the Saratoga, was received here with tne* wildest demoaatratiooa. Im- promptu illuminations, balls, fandangoes aad rejoicings at all characterE loliowed the announcement.Orders were received at the Cuatom Boose today re- ducing the items of anchorage and pilotage. Tbe fees tor these two Items amounted under the old law to 860 on ailbe efeotaalljr tattaaldated w a matter beyond. ind althoogh thewar of >»urpattoa ooght •ad eVOmaaatoa, First diogiisao, an sataimeod ea thethe Star and Berald, a most loyal subject of her Majesty, There are alto at Callao three other vessels of war be give a fine entertainment at his private residence, which loogtrg n the French nation, one of which carries fony VM attended by the Governor of tbe State and several guns. 'ioearrival of so formidabla a naval torce in the other effietelt, hotteESa Bunker of Mr. P's person*!a reconciliation at Baltimore.Dickinson aad lane are the only menI have heard named hero for President. Most of the delegates are well acquainted with the record of Dickinson, and say they would go for him if the New York delegation proposed him. They constantly inquire If be could carry the State of New York, for they fear he cannot be popular in lt, otherwise the Regency allegation would go for him. His Meads respond that If he cannot carry New York no otiicr man can, and that the action ofgrowing out of the arrest and imprisonment at Lima,some time amoe, of a Frenchman of doubtful character. Queen; and in the evening John Power, Esq , editor of was at Charleston. Thsre Is little prospect, therefore, of5,000 stand af arms and other munitions of war, that wereground that It would be a violatioa of the decree of the Bai<i Intendente, prohibiting the exportation ot arms from this Isthmus to any of the ports of the Granadian Con- federation.people, and that the reason why the Regency are hostile to him Is his devotion to Southern rights.As the steamer that had the arms on board was bound for Liverpool, and had to call in at Kingston, Jamaica, she Wit them at that portMayor Wood has been spoken of for Vice President by those who prefer a Southorn candidate fsr President; lut the majority appear to be In favor of a Northern man forIntalllaremce.Jamas Cnvaheugh, of Minnesota: Captain Prowae, of the steamer Prince Albert; G. J. Higsett, Esq., Attorneydelivered aa address to the Convention, explaining the rorm society, or an anSpeculation aad pilfering rumorthatwarlaabouttotakeplace be*ween Salvador Honor. ThePeruviangovernmentdidaotrecede,hoe- Generalof Newfoundland; Col.J.B.Danforth,ofNew positioneftheSouth,whoseduty,besaid,istoprotectits wouldfindhereamagnificentaadunboundedfieldtor1York T\s»«,'doeBPhim injustice. By reason of this al- leged Injustice Mr. G. demands the return of the original letKT,thatbonmy,byttapubhBRttoBeetaw to tan DailyResolved, That the delegates to thisbeea appetotod oa the basil of the majority platform adopt- ed at Charleston, we deem it unnecoeeeary to take anyc/Cadtoi Jtoaoadmaarvoyo Thelatestdatesrece.vedherefrom Bogotaareto 2dof •noWeaklyTW*i*,bevmdlcatod. latonaspectotthe Usorved, last whan this Conveattoa adjourn « od-latalrtsaie assumed "politicalMr.' Greeleyarm * which ' *daaWOlT*Jtj, V # rvsmetaBBwA nw aUB uejIjAonaat].• 11X1, 881. ol, , 184,1848,1301, rt 3 - N o o 670,MiinjjutVBUTBRB TOUntitled DocumentThe Ctiancfs of Douglas and tf ofctea they were dealin, whether efjstbj toes or 8,000, whtoh aaa always been regarded as a heavy tax upon ooaatera aad small THB PROCEEDINGS OP THE CONVENTION. vessels generally. Under the new regulations they are requiredtopayonlylaproportiontothedraftofwater— 81 76 per foot, sad 88 OR* pilotage on ell class-a ef ves-Mr. MiDMJrros, of South Ctrolma, chairman of too Committee oa Credentials, desired to he discharged from thefurther consideration of tbe certificates of the Now YorkNational Hall delegates. These delegates, he said, had in today. Tbe ship Atlas is taxing In 300 toes of copper;formed the committee that they did not come here aa delegates, but as ooexontstoaars from New York to con •ult with us to a fraternal feeling.she proceeds to Ainu to finnk toadtog for rNaramiple, Manly IBi Ooptiondt U* Ooptirnne*The Ganges ia at AQata, or Navaabtoto,Europe. The Emily Banning tt at Bat1STSB bayto about all oar ship news We are hourly lookingThe committee were discharged tad the New York for the Amethyst. She has beat at Saa Bias for somet,should we aoitbe able toTbe schooner Falnooth toft yesterday, wab a largo amount of specie, for Son Frtnctoae. Too Matte leaves Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 