 I'itioti* Reform of a great about, at war with oar politic*! system, tmpose-d upon us by a foreign power and de^radfrom the increase of their white population holding no slat cs and destitute of lands or employ meet, that excito3 apprehension in snother form. This multitude, thua op- pressed by the competition of slavery, have votes and mayPAPERS PENDING BKPOBB HIB HONOR TH1 SC Third aveoeHS Dr. MAYGK FOR APPROVAL. lgtti.—F«s- serviag (623; aix hundred aad twenty-torseing l> our oa. <.\al character, aad wasting to s'.urilny the vfr> M-il ot our oounii> . is nof only spurted in the sla»<JFROM THE BOARD OF SCPKaVISORS.Cltv and County of New York to Beth Warner, Const, Dr. lttfc.Jan. 18, To service of a warrant en Rodney O Ro;-t, is- sued by Justice Connolly lor obtaining pro-aubftt-nanlurinji tbe lstt ltert-rjiber term of Ibe Courtof Special Se»*i"r« »»f tte P e a ^ at 1?t< wa'a each $77 ST The County of F e » York lo J i l a Vc iavira, reaiienceNs.H3Faitlhrttv ?.r>t iitrtt. rtr. ir'59. ror wrvmg (f-.Z) »»i hundred a* '1 twenty two B'-bro - i-f /I'.n->A i •••' Kfci ~1>. c*:i.b<-r lei \a <i[ tit* <ourirf'•ve-'aTJ-et--i-r?of-}Kr,e-:..a?)i^ CM.ISSTT;$NEW YORK •«• •i» -• inill*., II.I.-^M^-i. n I.I.I.. • •• nn•iHKRALD^ffPBSDiY,—mia—«a—•maw —'J#TCTABY 26, . OtM .(L^.^.i f o •& J w*_ ( - ^Unlosw{reriea»ed a|^toj)-because its princtotee art paramount ta Parlament. France, too, ba* caught the in the fomh' tba* doss sot know mil welt that, though tbemselve*. however willing to to*»l(t« tbe ambition if AmerteaaTpobllc that emancipation had rtiinnd those thir iter* which brought the tTnkm into existence and v1vlfl«d •ptrtt of our Revolution, and, Sethfomig her old des? *•• t>a<*grrea aud abused, such at the I'yaltv of the wh>»> their tbstnptons In playtag SO'ictetorB to too federal go- rsics. At the very time be wa» making hs speech la the! that ccrttitctk-n wbxh is the bond of Uaton. (Loed dyaaety and passing through the ehsogee of vartotw re North to the Union that it wonld march with aa army of vTrumetit. by meaxs of a combined South, eamntod ba- Inited States Senate to make goo,; this point, a Jebate in cheering) Tbte so-caJ!od national democracy Is an organ-t e B ,BC , lpublican forma, the first r mpire aad au-'sossive king*, baa its hardy «n.s, a thouundfotd stronger than that G«t<e'at the capital involved In their ^ B « w ^ i ^ y , ^ . , , % f * parliament brought out the-result of the government's tornow a Mrood empire, f-undeat oo unu-»r»*i ealTraH»» a •Ireen led to the rcf<ue of the South in the day of its to Make it all on a war against free InstituUouJ-. onirics into tbe state of ttwee colonies that disprove-1legislative branch <i, iv«.i periodic*liy frsm th* fame U«tibles. (Umd applause ) It i*the part ct political c<m- fauabter)—new to tax It with the charge of *tonuiaf «.verv word that Mr Benjamin uttered (I-oud applause and eotttry enkse a minority is allowedy> control ther" ' " " / . f t . Mr Buxton—theton ol tbo distinguished atK>liifc>ni< feettog with the <tmw.>a from wbfch it la drawn aa to atd keep together the pvtissna of a weak cause, W y which now renders it »afe under the • » • • " £ Us* ttoved the inquiry. Is his speaeh on th* loves* fatten cAeh th« sympstbws when pm-vads the empire. Ail She to invent rxj«<llents op«*ra'.og on the iguorance and conftitato* tbey are calico oa to dsstroy. ( W f W the facte and statistics, be showed that the ctrc irrnUa*T ttoSaaaitoS•oorro, aa admirable avit ends, an army so ajsooatod la ctrf to supply the want of Inviting principles, to recruit armies to preserve tt against that !»TMmajority, if the term bas soy-moan eg at all, is a "sec- tional party." (laughter) To put the government into tbrir bands again, in the hope to preserve it, is to putpdVers of Ibe State being waned ia a brave, toteltlgent fears of Rome, appealilik' to the prejudices and bad Pcnd.8, thetr own importsnee, now paramount pa which led to ibe crash which toll upon the West Iidies tbe wolf to guard tbe fold—(applauw)— is to put theof freeholders in Iowa and country, the great paaaiccs of others; acd reaching the copWity of all mT&itto, would be awailowedup bytheir o*",""^- theabsenteeternof thogreatproprktors,thefaithhssneai tower of tbe Union Into the bands of Its enemies, to B t Jbeing cot Uito aasa'i hooai at a la. and all its ctiil who would profit by any intit^vo putting the honors ry commanders, brought oa tho soene bysach * TM i «. of Bsente, the heavy mortgages which had eatanuptbii lit- uf-ed for its destruction. Tbe abolition party of tbo recesaber, IN* ra»p?ctfWly reports mat the aa*. . 'dree mad* to spring fro* tee sstl which they a-w in- and emoluments of the aatto'ial government at thair aid their case would BOOB verify tbe fable of King Log protits of »!lm*nsged negro slaves—bad made tbo isUoxi North if alra an avowed disunion party, and one which, tares hundred aad savor tv three dollars aad tares 1terested to improve and defend, Louis Napoie -o, at the diaposal. The John Broom onosyiracy la aow the gtl- and King Stork. (laoghter.) »*w'scaMor ,Bl^ali»ai bankrupt, producing appeal* to Parliament foriM'vatioi 1 ahLotifli feeble In number, has done incalculable injury la duly auiWnlietled. It rem* a leg*l cosnu oh*r*eata* M- head of ba'f a artlhoa of dtorialiaed soldiers, becomes in- Tanic battery that givea new bfe to the demooraoy- w by atrlJmpta over the Spanish power and that of IbosUya. before emancipation took place, and a great fall ta tbo ly furBfebirg pretexts to thetr di-unton corahorers ta kiwkgUanrmiatedteradOBtlnor—Stonily arnetbk of public o;>>toon bom ita ground a evil the North it revives the expiring hopes of the mela icholy holders in his war for freedom, is an example that win not prk-e of sugar soon after rendered a catastrophe nn the f outh with wbich to poifon sad inflame the public mind fee-sclfed. 1 bat tbe bill of Norman McLeod for Lamong the people. (Applause ) Hence the people of doughfaces. (Load laughter aod great apylauae ) These be forgotten by tbe men of capital in tho » " » • » • avoidable. He tben summed up tbe sctual condi- and mislead the ignorant and thoughtless into the meshes aistad teeeoooty jail during beesanbsr, lflsd, bst_.Italy oaa claim at hia haaVls rtfnra aod a volae pooi men town their staring eyes with a gleam or expec- Banao'pb, to a speech warning Vh-gtoia of tbe Pecf- tion of the Islands, and, after comparing the stato allowed at teree kundrwr! s a l seventy three dollars aad Itiar dangw of a civil war, potafod £ BoUvar*enslaved nations jam break tag loose from the re used ia arms for s«Jf-das«*oction--tbrea*ening to destroy that France and England, and that there would be no dttarma- or, rather, be wonld say, because labor, because trah ist is an abolitionist In fact (Applause.) Tbe oppositionm the estsbisbmcut of free tosstt itioaa. Hence hia tancy on the arofls, for which tbey have loog laboredJot*tmttmU (.cnhalt with Great Britain aad France ia rewards as Union navera, where Owre are no abet- euccess. It laclear that with tbe issue • M f a t £ t h o « l in their zenith, with the free labor system, he asks: "Ami apparency hostile organizations, for it is plain that dis- arresting the march of the autocrat Nicholas on Tur- tors of dkwnkmiets but themselves, (laughter.) In the unionistatoeflecta separation,both sections waldhara what, now, was tbe result?" Tbe result was that, al uck-n is the nearest road to abolition—aad every disunion- key, tosubject the wholi Eastto serfdom, and bring the South It •filfbto the toad from Msproprtoty,'' m* tt to to maintain formidable armamenta in war aad peace^,vm though labor waa still free, although trade was sti'l freeW1U.1AM M. TWBSD.)BRIOtJB. ALO. WEISMAN,BOARS or Sri mm atosaa, Jas. M. IMS-hand of the expiring Ottoman, power to the strong graap bond of strength which la its safety. Bat at ibis inof Northern despotism, and hrSjce, too the corapulaun «n- earnest? There are two partiea at the South—one strife (Applause) Tbe owners of the wealth of South wealth and happiness unknown before. It would be im cocttituticn aad ibe Union nnder the most difficult aad Tbe CnmnBUee on County Officer*, to whom was reCaredSao foroed by France aad England on the sultan to exteu i en for the I'nion and one against It Tie for ater heartily Carolina aaw this in tho panic Mr. Calhoun conteived, possible for blm to lay before tbe House tbe immensi try ing circumstanceF. Tbe popular frenzy and tbe power annexed btila of Doctor* Poutoa and iilaaaa tor makingfranchise m<ot to the subdued races, aad toteratioa to the concurring In the patriotic views of the fathers of tao re- to lead to separation on the pretence of the mass of evidence which demonstrated that fact He Chr»uaa religion—a mark of pace to Ch .ateodom, which public, thai slavery should workout its destiny by de- tariff. His slmost unbounded and absolnte is> assured of It by mercantile man; be found it strong!vmortem examtosMjatodartag the ate of tuccesBive administrations have borne them to the Ir-56, refpeetfnlty report that tbecharges, and are made out at tbs rate of Is ttoaTbafoUowtrr is atibmraed —plumage and flags as when a storm bursts upon a militia years ending with 1857 to £37,000,000—an increase oimuster. (Loud applause and laughter) The present £4,500,000 in four years—(applause-)—and, further, thatpanic, like that gotten up by the bank, in which Calhoun the annual exports of sugar, coffee, cHton, rum and cocoaand McDuflle again played high parts, is meant to carry had greatly increased of late years." Concluding a lonja Pusidential election. (" Won't do—new.") Tht list of similar statistics, be adds:—Considering what mer< tbe preservation of their noblest work and oar priceless J. J. Bull, fifty five dollars. scenes' now enacted la Congress, in the State specks tbe West Indies look 00 tbe map of America inheritance. J: F. Bates, thirty dollars. Legislatures South, and Union meetings North— it was astonishUg that their trade to and frc The honorable gentleman concluded amidst enthusiastic M. Caristto, fifteen dollars.but Ibe camp, no country to crown him with glory resist until their real designs are disclosed. The uulliflers (" good, good"—are dramatic performances—(laugh- should now actually amount annually to £10,735,000- thai cbtcrtrg.baa been followed by an order for the suppression of the grees, under the shield of the constitution, the negro flurnct over bis Stota was tnon aided by toe Themes*forth in the reports of tbe Governors of tbe islands, wbiground, but thry have arisen and renewed the struggle, fighting,not tor office,notforplace,butfortheconstitutioneloquence of McBuffle,tbe charm of Preston11oratory,principles of the Western nattoM over the policy of Peter and self impelling power of free labor. The destiny of ana the busy ardor of General Hamilton, constantly on pa- cheerfulness and nope; but tbe keystone of the arch con-; snd tbe preservation of tbe Union, (applause.) Thisthe Great, banded dcwn to « s successor Nicholas, baa the colored people of this continent Is to carry freedom rade at borne and appealing to the lore of aaiUtory glory steted of the statistics furnished by the Board of Trade, is now tbe paramount issue and tbs sentiment which ani-brooght the enlightened Emperor Alexander to inquire and improvement to its rich tropics, where the white race amrr-g tbe Southern leaden. The grand army waa which showed that tbe imports and exports together of mates tbe opposition of tbe Soath—is tbe very soul of tbe 31. l!»9, be audited and allows* aa foUowa — how the military strength of hia whole empire waa van- largnishes through successive generations, passing into bror.gbt to a rendezvous under these impulses; the blast the West Indies and Guiana bad amounted in the four republican party. It will give tbe right band of fellow- George B lo»t, a, one ban dred and tv« i' "quished ia the atrcr^boid meant to defy the world. He mongrels and utter decay. The men of the South who of General Jackson's proclamation scattered the military years ending with 1853 to £32 500,000, and in Ute fouralave trade with Circaasm. ThSa triumph of the liberal race receding southward before the skill, economyused to be full of dismay, and were now brighttake Washington, Jefferson and their contemporaries at their guiska look to this policy and this result to restore the prosperity of the South and iU relativ i weight In the Union. In heart they abhor the cay alacrity of that parade, that a littto time thought of MS destruction. Tbey countenance the before had graced the holidays of Paris? The frenzy of the nuiliiiers, the zealots for disunion, •oilier waa a aerf; he bad no only to appease it, and because tbey are unable, tocontest, will accept It; and, in Ute faoe of the civilized Beery N. Fiaber. twenty doitera. world, in the spirit and in tbe very language of our fa- Tt E. Marstoe, twenty doBara.thers wbo founded tbe Union, we will renew the pledge of Henry Draper, fifteen dollars. > "our lives, our fortunes, and our moat sacred honor," to Clan DC* Cameras, twenty-fire t otters.aaw the light, alert, well instructed Frenchman, aa over- tnaichfor the re.hu:t Russtaa, hardy, impassivi, rugged aad tough aa the Polar hear. Why waa thta mighty, well dsKtcoined animal strength overthrown by thethe lu-ju* peopk of esUblBahiag a government for tbe-m-eeiva The Holy Ai io» that farce'ted out the people ofEurope like t e r e s , aa be.'ongiiii to them by divine right,all save Russia, now admit ihajt there is an original sove- holders and rendering them independent of the caste offreemen, who own neither lands nor slaves. The chiefs w ho brood over the scheme of a new government in the i^outh, adverse to the Union, have in view to proviio agalnit a danger very difltrent from that which tbey pa-with preparation all in advance in Missouri to carry every- No, but where Immigration bas been continued prosperity thing by surprise, seconded by the South and all that the Las followed. Sir, the experiment of coolie immigration truckling tederal goverument could do to assist, has was first tried in Mauritius in 1835-87. It was then com- brought disgrace on the leaders engaged in it and theirot the slave p*ntc. (Renewed moniment.) Tho repub- result Since tbe experiment there have been Intro luced lican party will restore that noble CommonweaJth which irto th-s colony 170,000; out of tbese in 1866 as many as bad its germ in the Declaration of Independence—(crtof 134,281 were" 6tHl residents. The offect on tho pro! of "Bravo")—rc?e as a confederacy in the midst of theH. W. GKNT 8 ) Special Commutes F L A . BOOM, / aa CUA8.G.COBNKLL,f Contested SeatsAleinoder Harhectnre d'rftara, aad toe CeaasUoSlar besa- reced 10pay them from approortaOon f.a- '•Oflrosars' i.ee*"WILLIAM M..TWEED.) THOMAS LITTLE. ( O a JOHA R BR100S, ( Count/1 AUG WEKtaAN. JBoAKn or RprEanaona. Jan 23,1880.(;• ayea and nays, adapted. J. B. YOUNG, Oterft. Ihecnnnty of Few York to G. Joseph Each, resUaaee Me.reignty m the peop>, which they are bound to re-spect. Austria herwit intimate* that she i3 disposed toreform aad yield M.uietl.iug to the spirit of the age.Have we an Austria kia accessible than that of trioJijt'.o* to the light spread over the world "by our Revo- rade as the cause of alarm. There ia a difficulty arisingmenced by tbe planters as private importers of labor,JOHN H. BRADT RE* RY BM TH,— —of theJ Board of Aldsrmta•are willing to tolerate thoUnion only while tbey can direct Its wealth and power to subjugate new regions to slavery so that la abandoniiig the confederacy they may have space for an empire, and cut loose from the free systemter)—for the benefit of the doughfaced Spoilsmen, was tbo value of their commodities in tbe year 1857' whose love and terror for tbe Union keeps even Sir E. B. J.ytton, the Colonial Secretary daring the last ses- pace with the disaffection and fury of their allies sion, roee and confirmed the views taken by Mr. Buxton. againtt it. ((Vies of "Good," and laughter.) Thorn and enlarged more fully on the causes of the disorders olA. C. Cbsbxtsrs. tea dollars. John A Graham, tea daUars. J. R..ijage. tea dollare. Fugene Peugnet flvedoUaia. Wooster Beach, thirty aWara.for bis exploit*. The Emjieror; of KuwU has resolved toprepare hia Northern hordes for oooqueot ia the softer re-arioos of the South and Eaat, by making them freemen,and tesfsxiag their fact,lues with the enthusiasm whichcac oi ly riae in a man who feels that he baa a soul and w be ace the producing class is the governing class, and aabodv. and a home of his own) on earth. ("Tremendous such sets an example that may become contagious amongapplause) Be, too, it is saiL baa joined hia banner to the mass of the white population, where it is subordinatedthat of Prussia and England, and demands the right for by the linnence of the peculi ir institution. That institu under lha shield of tbe constitution. The Wave extension grants Into the tropics. He thus addressed himself to Mr. 8Cltv Hall, oa thoraday, the MMa tastes*, at 1 o'clock P. M. kdward B. Barrett, five dollars,cuce of the colony was—the sugar crop In 1844 Piaut, hut thai whwh irak<s such a blot on our o n at socio time learn to uso Uvtn for their own deliverance. revolution, acd became a nation under the constitution. was 70,C00,0C0 pounds, in 1806 it amo'.iptcd to t.i lu. »otb stub a markt on our front, aa a (Applause ) The chiefs of nuili fkaiion, taucht by a master (AlfilBUBe) In all its written Instruments Shaping the 288,480000 pounds. That has been the efJecj•f» 60U 121>_> ).;<, thnatcbS such fatal n stilt; to the I'uwu tiiat btnls uj> ! g. tlior in po*vr u> . ow esialtt.il, it seem*, for these verj tendencies, above the constitution itself. Thoso vecaritble pairiott who rheriabed freedom in the infancy of *.h< loionita, and afi-r they hid risen to Stales, and still lab'r, when they conlederated as a nation, recorded a^airiri, Esg'tuid a> Mr g»e4u»t crime that "*be mile crte! war tgai i-t human naiuae itself in seizing men for rlavi*. carryicg them into auottwr hemisphere, a i i keep- lug op>-n a marki't w.tu'e Liny should be sold." Yet the nam? • ( he very m u wbuev pen Used this accusation to ntanO forever In the history Of the coeutry against itsrj'iiteagaeutfiashe who educated Alexander in the art of do- nutuico o*er m?n,scukto throw oil conujetioa with thai I art of the confederacy where free voting makes everything free. In selecting his pupils, the late ambitious ir.atructor in the school rT South Carolina potiti 5 always looked to ddrirg and car/able young men. The chivalry, a^ theeo disciples of Mr. CalbotiU are sometimes called in derision, in many instances exhibit elevated qualities that make the term appropriate to them in its true and honorable sense. They are the earnest Prince Ruperts of King Charles' reign, ready to tight in tbe cause of jure clitino right of slavery. It is evident, from late demon- b'.rati- ns, that employment for the non shareholding classLittinnal govcrucent slavery was abjured. The prin-ciide w»3 denounced In the first, the imperish-on produce. Whit has been the effect on tbe immigrant po pillation? Three fotiilbs of those immigrants whoreturnei*!.?C<.-rii'-'i«•<>• <'i,>' ..HI-.HI.1i' lice towttMnwas T* • n»•' lire aiije-r.] l : « ' -•••nlrjg k-,.';|«i".ms. re*i-»rif-UlyAbuses arose—the immigration wa* suspended in 1838. In laughter)—whose character is sketched in the events I 1843 tbe government took it into their bands, and by the lave reviewed, wiil close its history with tho catastrophe government it has since been conducted. Now hear the^ • ^ — •able Declaration. Under the second, the ordi- ^o India at the end of three or five years brought bac!nance, slavery was excluded from all tho national with them from 500 to 1,200 rupees each, and Sir G. AnU rritory, snd the constitution while recognizing partial- ^dergon, who had formerly been a distinguished judgo i:ly Ps «v facto existence in somo States, so far as the ns>- India, in l^W, reported bis opinion in these words:-*'ThIthaca to hew icrk650is ii t re I'-if ii'l.ir-Ul- 1 l->r ;ir3>puon:—Recipe.-!, Tb»t r:*- KIIP i' job-i HeCowan, amiunttng tetionwaa concerned, could allow it only to operate as...S12 05 referred the bill of Retb Warner forat-rvlce of a w«n*nt oaf-ewi i\ (..ICD 76 V.i),'ii!i»rs l,«-.irr/e .1. R'ich a- en'y seres87 lit cilsia, fo- serving a'ih,i<wii« (or the Coar'of ^peoial rf-es '<-ti» 1*11' p Peeem't"-, ls. .° he a-idiled an 1 allowed, aodmaking tbe condition of "personsfnold to service," not pro- in the world in such favorable circumstances" Sir E Bmove them They do uotfavc^froh" importations—a po- Juare-i with the arms of the United States and with troops rection, or to suppress it if made. (Applause.) He tbe power of Congress over Territories denied, viaora to defend the Board In the cane of " the People ex rsL with two Tables and Fixtures. Also to let. two rabies aadlicy tr.at must hasten the exile af the free white race, re- duce the value of slave and landed property, render it m re d'fflcult to dispose of or to retain a Ivantagously. Least of all do they deaire to dissolve the Union, either toextend slavery, or, aa an experiment, to make more safethe nsLtution where it now txiats ia peace. (Applause.)The non slaveholders are of th» same strain—vigorousIn aijid and body, brave, law abiding, patriotic, more dU-rn.?«-u to suffer whilst evils are auiferable, than toright themselves by abol$hing the forms towinch they a?e accustomed; they will conUnue toeaoure the oppression that the presence of slavery ob'.tgeeib«ni to encounter while* bare subsistence is attainable;while "bunting, fhhiag, aad acoastooal jobs," or littleter'meats held at wiil on #a*t--d tieids or the wftderneasamonj the bdis, supply food, they may submit to theirfate 'ike stoics in despair. Bat when they are drivengenerally to the other alternative, which Mr. Hammond,the n»o«t aistlsgushcd Senator of the Sooth, painted to astoe last but not unusual resource in South Carolina, thatrf • seducing the slaves to steal for their support," Ithink there will be danger of eoovii'sion. A elass alreadydriven to the extremities by slavery, which have been soforcibly depicted by Southern toon of the highest di*-tinctK n, and which have rectntly in Louisiana led to thenpp.entn.ient ot vigilarre omrAutees and lynch-law todrive them irom neighbor boo's to wbicti they had be-ccme cfltnwve, wau'l bwdly bear the influx of newhorJes of mgi.-ea from Africai This woulil make theprice of labor i-o T)w that the utmost industry ot the freewhite laborer w >uld not yield bread to a family. Itwos.'d cempt I them all to take r|fuge in the peonage sys-tem <•: liexico, where the whole laboring populationreceive food and raiment from the landholder,and as debtors bind themselves and familiesto his estate, to work out a constantly accumulating debt,acai. rjg the boot age hereditary, ar drive them at once fromth-i- i.alive land u> the territories for u -w homas, where lated the constitution. The republicans, it is true,utter subversion of tbe fundamental law. but no resist- raise by tax toe sum of one hundred and ninety-three thousandit is proposed to follow up the Wing'a colonial system for the ijc-uth. and pour in aucc ssire cargoes of Africans to sw arm n the Territories—ta create new slave Stab-s, and sub;* ct the poor white Uborers there again to the altera* Uvt* already (inscribed by thell" own members in l/m- gre«e. (Slight applaure ) The non slaveholders of the ^oiih. const tubsg ciLtf-tenLlte of the population,denounce the extension of slavery, but they show their warrant tor this in the acts of tbe fathers of the republic. (Applause.) A decla- ration of opinion on this subject on the part of those out of power may sorely be tolerated by those who wield the whole machinery of government to repeal com- pacts and annul ordinances coeval with the constitution,Committee on Criminalof tbe atriHab West Indies, to oasytlaoo tbeefthedesigningconspirators. (Cheers) Nori«thedo- eema andtbe&<rr>ptrotlsrdirectedtopayi*.fromapsn of things when monopoly and slavery wero tire for diauziion tbe only common ground of theee two boa for ''county erutiaceoeirs."ment but by ro union and the femoral of the caose of tho party of tbo South is a great and patriotic body of mee, was free, the- West Indie* wero now rising to a pitch ol' who have approved their loyalty aad devotion to tbes more vociferation and less sense and poorer tbe West Indies and the success of free labor as the cure. CORPORATIOWIHOTICK.-THB SPKCI 4.L COMMIT TTfK ft 8 Ban-ia, five dollars. actors to sustain the present panic. Tbe slaveholders But he added an additional fact, which shows up another appointed to Investigate the cialma of George P. Uicktord Prauk IWmtWse. Ave dollars. kcow nothing EOwell as that thetr property is safe only and Peter Mitotan, to Beats ta tbs Board of Aldonnoa from the V s . H. a moU, five eVIara.tion they cherish aa the foundation of an oligarchy, and it politicians can do nothing in that way, In or out of tho Buxton;—"The htnorable gentleman says the prosperity All parties interested areThereby notified to be present at tbs ia more potent for that purpose than tho feudal Union, by fbrcc. The little experiment made ia Kansas, of tbe colonies does not arise from immigration alone above named boar and place, »ithout any further aodoa.FVf 'em, conferring a monopoly of the lands on the slave-cause. (Applause.) The latter day domocracy—(loudimmigrants as a laboring population are perhaps no whenTotalTte Commi'tee on Criminal Courts and Police, t > w h - a « aatbe ;>i)Hi'iv!"r dit-- :-d 10 |»> the eunc from Ute approwrt- divine and human, have rights; anfkn who holds tbe right exists in all tbe West Indies, and he adds that "in a single R. O. Root, rMtjMT.tf.illy report that thia charge la authorized by SIVE fer ' oflk-rri. it*» "perty held absolutely—(applause—persons under all law. Lylton then snows by the statistics that this state of thinto the service of another has no right to destroy him; bemay destroy his property. The constitution by rejecting paid into the hands of the authorises for transmission to tbe term slave, which implies absolute power as or pro- India more than £6,000." and he describes many as goin|the Ftaiate, and the bill is duly aw.-Hrn to«3lt oetug le/»l Hgihiat the county, tbe following la iubriilt{e*4rjradoption:—TPnM *S LITTLE, 1 Committee JAMES DAVIS. I on KUJAH F. PfTRLY f Criminal Cosrte WALTER ROCHE, j and Police.loyal oppraaaor iaai<* called up to saacti'y the principleaOt .i party urgent to reopen the alave traie—to spread sla- in tbe South will be found in case the severance of the perty in tbe master, and substituting a phrase implying a home with on independence. Mr. Labouchere, the wbij R U Root for obtatrlng property under f.dae pretences, be Beard of Super viaora, Jan. A 186Udifferent and a qualified relation, meant to exclude tbe i<*ea that slavery waa a national institution, and bondage in any form was excluded from the national domain byColonial Secretary, who preceded Sir E B. Lytton, row "to express an almost complete coincidence with the righ honorable gentleman who had expressed such Iulaudited aod allowed at thirty one aad aeventy-five bundrelha dollar a, aid tbe Comptroller directed to pa; it from approprta- tioua for "oflicera' fees."«m avea and noea adopted. J B. YOUNG. ClerkBeaolved. That tbe Board of Supervho-a of tbe Coaetv of New Irrk earnestly request the Legists.ure of this Stale to abolish 'he Commission known as the ''ommigaioners of Rs cords, by ibe passage cf the following act, and that a copy of thia report and resolution be sent to the Senators aad Members of Arsrmhlv of this Countv :—I'nion is attempted, by embodying from it a standingarmy, to prevent tbe execution of tho laws of tbe I'nion,tbe esespe of slaves along tbe borders and coasts, andprosecute further conqueste In the South for the exten- tiffirniing the ordinance in the first Congress under tbe confidence in tbe success of free labor and the sion of slavery. That the latter design is meditated, is authority oi the copstitution. Under this view of the su- immigration of free laborers'' He added, "tbe genej manifest from the fact ihat Walker re-established slavery preme and fundamental laws of the republic, tbe re- ral state of the West Indies at this momect (ths to the country in which be obtained a momentary foothold, publican party deny the right in any or all the depart- very moment that Mr. Benjamin pronounced th- mve' vomeral; the new Territories, and to aubvert the gevcftment ff it elects a chief asagr>trate hostile to their deaifina. (Faint app'auoe.) Avrttria in En rope Is taught to aw reader something to proatoto the growth of liberty there Hi Te we have an Austria that would strangle it with slavery, retun.'ng to t»at old King's policy who introduced it, not*ithatandtog'the protect of the adonieaami oi the farmers of Kentjcky—deriving all my early upon Nicaragua. A Senator of the United States, high in fa- country are to have a peaceful conclusion, gard to slavery consists entirely of laws to enlarge traetrr. for making the glaaa btlloi boxes for tbe Metropolitan era of Reonrda for the City and County of New York," Is bore notions of domestic relations fntmi a race exclusively Vir- vor with the administration, denounced the attempt after it must come with the close of tbe reign of the the powers of slaveholders, and slave States to Polke Commissioners, the c aim being one properly belougug by repealed.ship which left British Guiana last year (1858) 277 coohei;pronouncu g it -'an execrable commerce." (Applause.) and did so nnder the advies of those in the United States ments of government to extend slavery over the nation's ruined) ia extremely gratify tog." (Laughter.) The .Adopted J. B. YOUNG, Clerk. Aet r>>r tbe a pyefntmen* of Comrrissioneri of Records farginian, while my public bfe has-been devoted to Missouri, its failure, declaring that the government of the United and that of my father (vociferous applause) (with whom States should intervene in the affairs of Mexiso, I fetl that 1 have always lived, a though apart f.-ooa acd discountenance snch forays by its citizens. him), eptnt between the two great slave States of It seems that this advice has prevailed with that portion the Potomac, I cannot be ignorant of the charac of the Southern politicals who once looked with favor ter aad views of the mogti prominent and impor- npen Walker's HiherneT and uniting their counsels theyhave compelled Mr. Buchanan to embrace this new plan of conquest for tfie extension of slavery. A treaty has been negotiated with Juarez, a pure blooded Indian, and who insggnesive party, laboring to destroy the principles of tbeRevolution, breaking through the boundaries assigned toenfranchise and rid themselves of the huiuau beings whose fate ia to their bands. (Applause) Nov •J. B YOCNG, Clerk.tant class of the or>mmau<iing slave States. The de-cad'nee of these great Ptateaf is not to 0* ascribed toth'-character of their prinoipail citizens, but tithe faultof the iactitution wiUi whiiu itey havo labored. Too the war of castes now existing in that unhappy country isplace them. It is the wish of the slave States to remove the freed negroes; the same difficulty renders it imposed ble unless tbey are made slaves again or driven outia made out in oouformity to law, duly verified and authenti- cated, la a le«al count) charge, and accordingly submit the fol- lowing for adoption :—THE COMMITTEE ON STREETS OF THE BOARD OP Aldermen will meet in Room No. 8, City Hall, oa Tues- day, tbe Slat Inst, at two o'clock P. M. The aubject of widen tog Ann atreet will be considered. Parties interested ta tao matter will have an opportunity of presenting their via as.worlii'a history does not aho* I bettor race of men than the Urmers of the Statos to wfich I have alluded. They arc of the best stock ot that rnildle class that built np the glory of tht ccuntry whence they came. They inherit the sterling common sense, the benevolent fetliog, the Arm temper, the lofty spirit, that led the way to the civilization lion of this continent. (Cheers|> They have never, and do notsow, lock upon slavery aslKood to besought by raptoa ai d dragged by cruelty to our snores, but as an evil thrust upon us. producing the diAerende in the prosperity of the N&rib and South, visiblr to everVeye. They are not therecognised an President by the chiefs commanding in the outlying States or departments where the Indian races pre- dominate in Mexico. His authority is disowned in the capital, and the central States where the white race has some remains of strength, and where the church, which has so longfchie>i«1edthem from the overwhelming num- bers of the Indian and colored races, still guards aad defends them with her power and influence. Mr. Bucobnan has leagued himself with the Indian Juarez in this war of religion and caste, leagued himself with the chief who has by edict already confiscated tbe property of the Catholicnuliiiiers, by resigning again to their threats the govern- slavery individually and collectively. There are great ners lee*. THOMAS LITTLE ) Committee AUG. WEISMtMN,} onment of the Union, they give its power to be used for its numbers of free wnrte citizens oppressed and deprived of JOHN B. BRIQG8, JCounty Offl sen- destruction. (Applause.) A wise, firm, moderate, truo employment and the means of support for their families Board of Supervisor!*, Jan. IB, 1860.t 1. aves acd noes adoi ted. J. B. YOUNG. Clerk.Rt solved. That the Committee on Civil 1 .'ouris be aad is here- by Hutborizedanddirectedtoemploy counseltodeiendSuper- visors Xlijah F Pnrdv, Wililam ej 1;.inner, John R. Briggs and Orlaon Binni, and Peter P Vocrhia, formerly Supervisor, un- til tin ail Judgment la rendered iu tk» t--e.lt of Trt >m&a MeSpedonClerk of the Common Council.distui hers ot the peace of the L'aion They do not wish to church, and will exterminate its defenders of the white race,abandon the fertile regions of the South' which now lie in order to possess himself of its spoils. The treaty whichopen to slave labor, the greater portion yet untouched, to has been negotiated by our President proposes to furnishforeeiton Territories which, ajbou'd be reserved for the four millions of money to Juarez to prosecute this warfree wi.:e race among them, d«iprived of occupations and •gainst the Catholic church aad the white men of Mexico. tution—(applause)—secure as possible from the abduction icans and tbe national democracy differ, the go-the meats of maintaining a footooId in their native aoil, The President a:-o asks that Congress shall surrender to of his slaves, and in their restoration if carried a w a y - vernment, betraying its constituents, bas secure to the most earnest vigilance to prevent insur-territory. ("Good,"' -'Good.") This is the foundation Rfsol»ed, That tbe Comptroller be, and he is hereby re- the City and Osnauy of New fork."testimony of these three eminent British stateamcri quested to take tbe uece&aary proceedingB to open the judgment Tbe people of »he State of New York, represented in SeauaeTo what is this retrograde impolse in a portion of our who were associated in his enterprise. Walker declaredl*-opl* to be attributed? Kot, f venture to ahlrm, to the that be was advised by a member of Mr. Buchanan's Cabi- on which the fathers of the republic stood, ant on must silence and confute the misrepresentations of those obi&ired aaauat ibe Mayor. Aldermen and Oommonaity of the and Assemble, do enact *a follows —uabiaaaad fcelma; or judgment of the sUveholdera. 1 have net to throw himself into the quarrel of castes, then and which the republican party now stands. (Cries of who seek to propagate and perpetuate slavery. (Loud city cf New 101k. for the sum of S6Z470 69 and oo*r*a, at the Section 1 The Act paaaed April 13,18». Chapter 40T, Laws been familiar with this etas all my life. Born and reared now raging in Mexico, instead of embarking in his foray '•Gooa," "Good,'' and applause.) If tho troubles of this applause.) Tbe active policy of the republicans in re- anit of Jordan L. Mott, Jr , as^gne* of Samuel C Jollle, con of lbSA entitled "An Act for the Appointment of Commission-Bee. X This Act shall take efTect Immediately.ORISON BLONT. 1 JommiUee on PrintingISAAC BELL, Ja.,> aadStates to subject them to the slave system. (Applause.)the first step towards deliverance, is the defeat of tbodemocratic nominee for the Presidency, whoever may beanoi:ited at Charleston as the high priest of nullification. wrongfully upon repugnant neighbors, or to perish. Tho ruer and J&ckman. for official eervicea daring the quarter end-(Exciting applat&e. lasting for several seconds.) If tho republicans propose to bring the means of the Union Ui ing I eerie-her 31, 1869. be audiiedand allowed at four thousand Pettooos for. or remonatranoes against the shove named ors cowering spirits and tho corrupted parasites of executive deliver owners of slaves from this embarrassment, anc three buncred and eighty-four 6 100 dollnra. and the Comp- posed improvement may be left with D. T. Yateottoa, ESQ., patronage in the free States pander to the designs of the to give them and their States the option of slavery or no troller be directed to par them from appropriation for Coro-slavery, renewing, in defiance of law and the opinion of the master may wish to relieve himself and his Statu 1 he Committee on County Offices, to whom waa referred thethe world, the accursed slave trade, branded as piracy of the incubus of snch dependants. He has not the annexed account of the coroners' for the quarter ending De-under the constitution, the laws and treaties of tbe gov- power; tbe State tows forbid It, unless be provides a home cember, 31 186v, reaoectfully report: 1 hat from a due eaami- On ayea and noea, adopted. J. B. YOUNG, Clerk. ernment, and provoking wsr to conquer neighboring free elsewhere; there is no attainable spot on which be car natioii of the aame. they are convinced that the account, wbiehhearted man, a republican of the self devoting courage by the existence of slavery. The republicans propose to of Andrew Jacbeon, incorruptible and uncorrupting, give homes in the national domain to these suffering per would, as the chief of the government, bring back tbo tons and their families (Cheers.) The republicanspropoaxi better days of the republic. (Loud applause) HoBiTii.TAwna~A LAhGE ASBORTMEKT OF WELL REASONED BO,to open new avenues of commerce especially advantageoui 1 would give security to the disturbed section of tho to tne Southern States by making colonies of tbe class obBard Tables, aaaes ia tbe beat possible masrasraodat country, acquire {the confidence of all. and restore noxious to them, as well as to the Northern States, by jheii and Charles W. Baker against aaid partiea. for damagea eaused reasonable prices, wPl be found at the Phetaa RtlUard Tabisthat good feeling among the people signed for by all presence, but, by their removal to tbe tropics, converting by the refusal of ire bo%rd of soperviaora to iaaert to the Tax Manufactory, 63, 66, 67 and 66 Crosby atrset, N. Y. Every »r- good men. He would, at the threshold, take measures to them to usefulness to their native states and tbe nation, Levy the aumof (193,820 26, for the uae ol the Commissioners ttoteBssuiBBtBdwitb tbe trade at tos towest rstos. ' make every slaveholder safe inbis rights under the consti- (Applause.) On all tbe points on which the republ- of Recorda.Beard of Supervisors, Jan. 23,1860. BILLIARD TABLES FOB 8ALB OR TO LET.—APPLY On aye* and noea adepte* J. B. YOUNG, Clerk. to PETER D. BEAISTED, Jr , 481 Broadway.given Itsfrom which slavery, if it continues, moat ultimately re him tbe war making power, in order that he may support fiat for tbe latter—the Missouri compact repealed, hereby associated wtth the legal adviser of the Board of Super BILUARDS - T O LET. AT FREEHOLD, N. J , A ROOMlevied among the filibusters, who are looking with longing would exert bis influence to open a way for the removal, and tbe entree given to slavery everywhere by Mt&pedon A Baker vs. the Board of Butiervisora ot the County the Furniture of a billiard room. Apply ai 148 Fulvoa, arm. eyes to tbe plunder of Mexico and its ultimate possession. with the assent of all interested, of the freed men of tbo tbe Supreme Court. Republicans look upon ail this as an of New York.'' to show eauae why the said Board should not North Moors street, from 10 tiU 2 o'clock. »Tbe Dred Scott decision, having already overthrown ourfree institutions, woukl carry slavery into this new con-quest, and tbe system of peonage, the hereditary servi-tude of debt, would still more readily become assimilatedto tbe peculiar institution. Inexorable, indeed, is tho de-mand for the extension of slavery, when it compels Mr.Buchanan to league himself with an Indian in a war ofcaste and religion—a war against the proprietary class ofMexico, acd to confiscate the estates of that church whosemembers in this country elevated him to the Presidency.(Applause.) Tbe pretext upon wnish he asks Congress toinvest him with power to wage such a war is, that oar citi-zens have been outraged in their persons and property bytbe church party in Mexico. Northern citizens are in farmore danger in the Southern States—(laughter)—and have suffered infinitely more there and in Kan-sas at tbe hands of the President's pro slavery partisans,than tbey have done in Mexico. (Tremendous applause )and to Utah our troops stand idle whilst Brigham Youngdespoils and murders our citizens, (applaase.) Who money and skill of the owner, would yield tenfold profits,THOMAS LITTLN, I JAMato OAVLS. I Al IJAH F. PCRDY, fcan doubt that he owes his immunity from punish- ment to tbe fact that he has established slavery? (Ap- plause.) In the eyes of those who command our Presi- dent this is sufficient to entitle him to Immunity in his crimes and In the enjoyment of the "twin relic of barba- rian" polygamy. (Cheers.) The motive which is to pre- cipitate us into a religious war with Mexico and which has sheathed the sword of justioe in Utah is the same; it is the extension of slavery; and when this object can no longer beand enable them in a few years to repay all outlay and the price of manumission, and leave them free and in the poesea&ion of the freehold. (Applause.) Such a process of probation, leading to liberation, would give a nrw ex- istence to the slave, making him at once a freeman and a freeholder; tbe master would receive a double bene- fit in tbe lucrative results derived from the staples or tho tropics, and in the increased value of his Ian 1 at home when free labor wae^substituted. What a change would come over old Virginia; her slaves gradually receding to create tropical wealth, her own hardy and intelligent sons seizing the plough and the axe; free immigration and capi- tal pouring in, from the North and from abroad, to nil with voluntary self gratifying labor the void left by be- grudging extorted toil. The great old Commonwealth would soon be brought to answer in triumph tbe question urged in vain on the declining Commonwealth of Rome by her most illustrious Tribune, who besought her to deliver from the oppression of slavery her own noble race of citizens, de- manding, as tbe historian tells us, "of the rich whether they preferred a slave to a citizen, a man unqua- lified to serve in war to a soldier, an alien to a member of tberepublic,and which they thought would be moro zealous for its interests? Then, aa to the miseries of the. poor, he said.—• Tbe wild beasts-of Italy have caves and elens to shelter them, but the people who expose their lives for the defence of Italy are allowed nothing but the light and air. Tbey wander up and down with their wives and children, without house and without habitation. Our generals mock tbe soldiers when in battle they ex-Bord of Supervlaora, Jan. 23. 1SS0. For ayea and LO«B, adopted.J. B.YOUNG,Clerk.subserved by the power of this government, then the go- vernment itself is to be subverted. Of tbe existence of a settled design against the Union no man can doubt who observes the signs of tbe times and listens to the de- bates to Congress. The party in power who denounce the Union do not pretend that thetr opponents nave vio-1 be Committee on Criminal Courts and Police, to whom waa referred the annexed bill of Robert H. Johnston, respectfully report that from a careful examination of the atatute they lind that ibe charge ta proper and legal agatnattae county.The following aitherefare submitted for adoption:—Ret lived, That tbe bill of Robert H. Johnston, amounting to $60. for fnrniahlrg the Secretary of State with transcripts of eonvicuonsin the Court cf special t-esBiooa during the year 1SS9 be audited and allowed, and the Comptroller be directed to pay it from the appropriation for ' uflleera' Feea "eo with the one arts It • permaneat, will bear the test of box^6«ewn Y ork P^aEtoaf ^ ^ ^ A*»* >»**<*w ^ / i r 1 1 A > U r E •R[oflt' b y addressing J- cTcars of HeaS; W y t ^ * CJo,«LUisrty atreet. tor three days. EefereneeoDI£S0!i'DI10Il.u0'L. OOPARTNEBSHIP -NOTIOaPli hereby given th« the eoaartoerahio heretofore eataUos be- tween Oeorge Simco and *iKitm R»v Is thia day dteao'vM torexcluding ilavta, cannot, When they understand "Whocommandthearmyandcivil powerofthenationtoit, consent t > the policy of prorogating slave- exclude by terror or to expel freemen Invited by law tory with so'-h fat*"! result* US, Utemselves; much less the settlement of a Territory, and falling in that, by fore?wool! they, knowing it, contribute to the gevt and violence, and even Presidential corruption broughtran<( o' tie roK>n to trfftcl fEfekobjr?t, by lending tbem- to bear on Congress to impose a slave constitutiona«-lveii t) tt.- an -R>t>t to diivo a Ik^uSiican Presideut from on a restating peoph—(cbeeis)—and who, in defaulta ttai' i, ib' ufljepct; cf whu U fciewill exert to give them otsuccess in this atumpt, can bring the judicial powerAnd tb«-.r (tii.rci. houieatearia ixi ho rich regions of the to make a slave constitution for a people by a con-West tecs wurihg Ui?m foreter from, the encroach- strnctsn of the constitution of tne United States hoi t them to fight for their sepulchres and their household ratiiis of stavt ry How does it, happen, when the inte- (Kaint applause.) Surely a party in the minority, and go<*s; for amongst ail that great number of Romans there$10. 10 00 Oct —l'fiuel Crand Jurors. Oyer soJ terminer at ?lo 10 00rest* i f the two great classes of tho South are yet so omnipotent over the whole government, mightNov —lot) Petit Jurors. Oyer and Terminer, at $30 Nov —i60 Petit Jurora, General Seaaior.a. at $30 Nov.- lo* Petit Jurors, Marine Court, at $30 Wov.—796 Petit Jurora, extra, at $*)30 00oppose 1 to the renewal af the s'ava trade, permit tho majority to express an adverse sentiment, lor his ancestors. Tbey light and die solely to maintainand the fiiling up with tixoUe barbariana our drawing its sanction from the whole course of policy the riches and luxury of others, and are styled the lordsfair t n e Territories, reciaimeg from native savages which has characterized our natcual existence. No: ex- of tbe universe, while they h ave not a single foot ofwith better rights, and wboee -|iresenoe waa never at- pression of opinion is a right to be tolerated no longer. ground in their possession.' " Sailust. whose bright pageten ted with such fatal OQKLS, that the country should ba It is assumed that tho republican sentiment in favor o(. has given Calahue's conspiracy in more living colors thanalarmed with such threatning clamor from that quarter States without the tarnish of negro slavery discoloring t ict-ro in Lis orations, in an elaborate letter to Juliusto coin ass tht ir schemes? The poUtieians of the soath thtlr uibtltutious or their pe* pie made John Brown mad, t'u'sar when master of the fate of Rome, beseeching himare a di»c4nhned corps, schooled in the art of managing a and although he and all hisfodow*'-s have paid the penalty to restore the Commonwealth, thus pointed to the policy ofsmall t mbodicd force, so aa to sabjogate raat multnudea. of their fatuity auei crimes, yet inis has not proved that tbe oligarchy which had brought on tbe ruin:—"Men ofTbe attt nipt of our time has tie slave interest of the tbe State and national governments are sufficient8ooLh for its pivot. Alarms are aflected that dangerous toproteet agattis-t the dangers incident to the peculiar or tervitig in the wars, were ampiy satisfied themselves designs are meditated agaiaat t ia the North. The slave- institution. What then? The majority of the people of and gave ample eatisfaction to their country so long76 00 PARTNER WANTE*>-WlTe $600, TO MANUFACTHeW 31 20 ^ a stapln article, of unlimited demand aod ready sals toras they possessed what was sufficient to subsist exercise of tbrir oun&truttonal rights they pre thrm. But when, being thrust oat of the possession of some to elect a republican President', the mi their lands by a gradual usurpation, they, through indi- nority will annul the constitution ; so tt is not gence and idleness (having nothing to do), could no at last, for a violation of that instrument that the longer have any fixed abodes, then they begun to covetmemberthat a certain individual was worthy of death who attempted to own slaves. (Laughter.) Another of thur leaders, Senator Clingman, in a published letter, said they meant 'to put down the opposi- tion of Union men in North Carolina by the 'swift attention of vigilance committees,' that is, by organized assassination. * * * "Consider these appliances— a neighborhood civil war to bed carried on wn tbe aid of armed slaves! The large slaveholders of Virginia to arm their negroes. against their poorer f< low citizens. To arm negro slaves, and incite them tolaSSS:^.,t-to»$£&S£ °emwi ^^tto Po-the Inited States are warned that if in theboldf rs are combined to a man, under the leaders whoundertake the champwinahtp of, their cause. They a nwe!l aware, nowever, that the maniacs who made thelate forar M Harper's Ferry^aaJ those who approved it,consist cf a mare handful. Proof that the slaveholderstbean»e!v*B, wblla this aboKion ooocootton has been bob Union is to be subverted, but for maintaining it in fair the wealth of other men, and to put their own liberty andtbe COmmonwealth to sale." The main principle of tberepublican tollcy is that of giving free labor a root in tbe 0160 66 2.288 0061$ 7$b : i a g o p m « t aJsrreacsaea oonmaatly, have nevar feltaa apprahsatrtrsi. Is Ibttad la the (act that aiare propertyhas aiwajt baa* riamg la rataa la the faoe of the mawalarms The m n e aad ail its uaiargronnrl preparatiODS,the work of veais'uf ateqatsi aajd ateaRby effort on the t > juxtaposition of the free States, wronged, insulted andWA"5>^A»~P*,^^B?''. wrTHabout $!o,000, to aagase te aa establithedpart of the very few who favor sneb schemes, at last are dehed, and put into a state of war b? such of the sltve States as revolt against the government which all are bound to support, promote tbe safety of that Institutionbrt tight into & n 1 act with them and declared to be the • • • npaat by an explostom " t Brown, the arst consul cauae of the mischief? Martial law would doubtless be „. **.«to*iTo repablic, » , i to Elba, to a coaditioa proclaimed, as recently at Chartestown, to protect it, an1 •JJ*' «« tetor_a-a(lduatsessamndapblaasa)—theramot the astbeUteletterofGovernorWiseadmonished Governor £ . - . r ^ J ? " ? te*»° * Ow»«i<i » »»a INstomac.and Chase the whole military might of the South would bewhen would their thirst have been slakedr What wou have been the result of such a neighborhood civil waif Virginia would have been visited by general massacre and desolation. Or take tbe North Carolinian's plan for putting down opposition. The murder of thousands of their fellow citizena by organized bands of assassins cause tbey would not aid in treason against their 001What can, bo more atrocious? The very magnitude l»f their atrocity {teems to have saved it from proper opprobrium. Like the big warethat make ambitioi virtue, it sublimates itself Into Satanic grandeur.. The mind shrieks from the realization"of suchand might be inert aetd largely w hh the sum msntkmeaL A yoong gent eman bavisg a taste forterTed. Addr,«»a1 rmW,^3,8 4Jl^om^ ""-*»+$40"TO $85-A PARTY HAYrNG THM AMOUNT can rjeootcs an eqaal partner with a person of limitedmeans, possessing a arcret Is manufacturing a Obsanloal Eraser wb'eh has paid tn other cities $12 per day. Apaly from 11 to 4 to day at 78 < armiiie atreet, ball door. P W1 t o oat^VcotlvJS"*** *«» >« ««« "tons suspected of tempering with slaves or ailing0 deprive them of employment. (Applause.) i itrller promLw p.w.Daya mure glorious than those theirtended would rise upon tbe Old Dim'nlon and her oBspring of richly endowed States. "The mothe r of dead empire*" would revive and bar progeny with her. Virginia's pi- neries wonld disappear, aad fluids of wheat wave in their stood. The wan wastes of sedge, where now the whip poor will's melancholy cry saddens tbe deserted scene, would be reauscitatod, and bloom vtth noddtnftea pleaaant vm light ao^ "•*••-!7.'.'a*. " s reapeetabia ready ssstiP dramaUcettwts woik«Fa*d«ra«•a*t•a»a E»Lnf«£ a?p!ais^e—thethe dedajmers contioae to a^altaaiW^i' P iwbitomac, but tbey would find there -'ioan Cromwell guiltless of hat country '• blood," and regiments of Ironsides, until then employing their hardihood in wielding tbe axs or'ibe Commlttoe on •'riminal Courts and Police, to whim wasW e t t e d dm bill of Ia«ac Meaerole for board of witnessesduring December. 1868, respectfully reports that the sameamount* to $648 BO, and U rendered for board of wtmeasnsduring December, a< the rate of SOcents per day for each wit-ness ooanted.ad0DUoB«_* legal county chargs, tbe following is submitted for yarda coins a arte bustnaaa: well stocked, toola fixtures, mathat the black repobJcaa-ptortyairtSBi ItermawTilnlo'salery, ^"orth are ail in the4»1 O H A -PARTNER WASTED, TN PLA' E OP OEM *S>I.ii«'-rV. rearing, in ore of »be oldest Btniriog woodplot, that th*y wttt elect a President ta*~ to tt.«armttas. ami that they prtmaaa toa thedamnsofsarrikandclrtt war,theproperty of this oonmaal value— i laasbtef)—*ndassi tbatbi falsely,,s i4av«toWei^kS-2r •ad party advarsartosai^- to the slaw traas—(W, W. &»,»<* *"•* excite. ve A^I *** * S£Ba dp turfe<1*""•• *<wW cwpat the uwns TheKerth, with I* ITaaWrat to power, woala morabte , w U, rTt,ltoaecesaary.ths whole lores of to) sstBoas of 0rartytbe ranks of tbo opposition party;ty,^ a»d Hthen recmends common action among oilJl those opposed to theabases of the administration and tbs eoDBspiiracy agalinest the Union. Since this document published to the world, in the early part of last aaaaaaer, the evidence of the existence or the conspiracy baa multiplied on every hand. Ii has boeu openly avowed by tbe leading demo • rata cf tho feufe to both houses of Congress, and toe •tvowal followed by ibe loudest applaase from tbe af e n of that party, aad ao stogie democrat from the horth or Soatb baa risen to rebuke the sentiment• tbe party wbieh calls M A is notpapers snd orators through luse, IT tbe will of the natitoSM*»S> .-tAaarwa t s L t m i rsasTfaa'all ss\lfaflaaBaaswOaf IDTSBBBBBVIB fpssnBM l W V a asuBMHS1 I Was!*"!* • * •AminaBajtw ajast tm TSasasBhSsm t g l M abmai. af s3berairr Bca,dof!tor>erv^rr>1an,"im'a*' J «*»»»*toanafta.mth> ayes and noes. sdopSad. TbeJ. H YOUNG Olarkor reference siren and required. street, room No. 5.Apply this week at 06 Fultonfree and full operation according to the interpretation oi its wo»s,t en«miea- Will this outrage on principle, honor and the obligation of oaths add anything to the strength of an icsuutioa lor w^ich so much ia aaartfloed ? WouldfortbequarterendingD e c31,1869,will soon provide homes tor their own citizens whom thev up from sent into the free Staea to drag to punishment all per may wish to retain in their bosoms, bv removing tbofrom theapprosatettoafor ''officers- fees."7 WILLIAMM. TWEED,) rv«.«i«—THOMASLITTLE, I Ooomiaes JOB^B^BlfiaG's, j 0»ant, Oflloes.V A W . sn-ady Dto, to receive the moaov and ahu-r vc 1 ac 1 lu hlTtheir, elopement. There would t»j dashing Prinze h ^ ^ U ^ a U V J S ^ ^ S U this terror in the Ruperts Wailing gsha&t cavaheiu, aod beaticg uJ»a#^.a«.wwasaw<aaaMEraAa**§••aft'a'toraa•\M»-tMiT.^fau•.JLI-,-apthequarter*oflbsfreeStat*fannersfrombut a p..ce af ttne acttai-SSrt 1i* "^JJ^SFon the ftek* of Bos • o i t l I ^ 2 - - S £ * 0 I f 1 ^ » c b » ^ . the headwaters of tne Kansas to tho mouth of the Poto-bualnefs; profits divMed dairy; a rasa CaEat !^ roe atreet, near Bcanurel, aeoond floor.ia furrow with too ibaro. (Great applause ) aborts of tbe Atlantic and tbe Gulf guards would to bold the* state'iis, for every Ieel that ap- l k J2n.**** to%i cutting thexoept tbe pirate's, would be justly toofod onaaawt\_>k. e^mdoi, of slSTery, an 1 the continaanoe of ^ baoWigedv•,~.ni»g cause of quarrel Mexico and CentraltfcT^JV**1 °>« w*«* &»"**• *o u W m v o k e to* P"*** leTln2.X?lll ••*»• " « **•«* •K»in»t toMbostor. ooa^L*?**!** *» •*"«* prowandtom. History"*neswa during tho month of December. I8f9. be audited ant a! ***!•*„***•>•?<«•* aad. forty -eight collars and nfty cants,r lv2?f2* i.l $S > I Crtoih«' Courtsin I such a^Jra,VSL** ,MU*C* <* » dfaamluttoa ofto tho awaror^yTwSf* & jmjrsrnment as ours without ,tfSo,lh1J"*•f aha Mirth to abet !'<mto—sprMea7d*a-tiotvSaSrr»T»S'L af9th*e Sooth dra*w*s"s*h*e samrd&mXtt*2S2£»~.... Totoaskaof luns 10s ; carUge, 4a...$1 SO 675 7 13 60amOVHIaSs.TaTOTIC*—YTSITKR8 TO CUBA' WILL F1XD COMtoy war to oonmaar few ZSLX!** beyond Ms» • •fre*«• * • b<!Ikaasa aan nAUaarstna*m toatoTo3load,of brick, lb-;8car^ea 3» 2?le ^aWtot's«a«^^ar4s~^.*X' fortabka quarters si the Hotel Cabuw. No. 27 7 13 Roy.Havaav by Mrs. SARAH B. BRBWiat10$7 IAfa^ss^fesito • >l i a_ _ " _ To 14 feat af b<aastoas,4s .^\T^, Dee. 2-ToBkmdaofbrieAr^"oamgm- ToJcwtaaessWasaflbaiteiT*^•v.. 100African race, which, whether In tbe Nor.h or S.mih, aremade tbe instruments of mischief, especially among thowhole laboring class of tbe South, and of oftence to the freelabor of the North. He would negotiate for Territory inthe American tropics, where it U essential that our repub- nent. (Applause.) It is not the creed of the re lic should have a position, and strive to make the acquisi-tion valuable to o r commerce and conducive to the secu-rity of a route across the Isthmus to our Pacific States,and through means of the freedmen of the African race Union is to be broken up aad tbe continent iaborn among us, adapted by peculiar constitution of sus-taining the climate, endeavor to establish there a Powerunder our flag—a Power which would be able to assert ourjust share of influence among tho European establishmentsbe sundered; its great rivers stopped half way i Kill frmotinta to $96, and is duly attested. Your committee be- cents per game; pfh aad 15 ball pool, day and night Matchid not one who has either a domestic altar or a sepulchre^ov.—fanel Crand Jurora General Sessions, at $10 ... 10 03 Nov.—Patel Grand Jurora, extra, ci-rural rjeasioca, „at*Jl' . 1 0 0 0 Nov.—Pasa! Cracd Jurors, Oyer and Terminer, at $10.. 10 00an article sold by all hj-ue farniabiog dealers, would sell athe article to Philadelphia. -Addreta Partner, box l-» Har,am office.the lowest rank, whether occupying their farms at boms31,1869, at $1 eachPaid for Printing Llection NotioeaPaid for aundrlea furniabed to prisoners under sen-tence of deathReturn ol prisoners and making a written report ofstatistics to the fr.eeretary oi Male for the quarterending D e c 31, 1859, 4,696 at50cCarry ing prisoners sentenced by tbe Courts of Geoeral and Special Keesions to priaona other than the4 88 engaged to the bueineaa. or one ofMteosirsacoaUstoaes 7 48 amocp grocers .ud liquor de tiara prsferrod; a few thmaasad d -1 a s siiflirJerit. if the rii-tt kind of a man. Addrew wiaTrsalJ * — (applause)—especially (to uso the language of tbebistoi tan wb». had deeply studied the causes of the fall ofhis country's freedom), to prevent "men of the low- taste of white men and women's blood. Once taste< eat rank" from being "thrust out of the possession oftheir 'ani's by a gradual uaurpatiPn." It is the creed ofthe republican party that a part of the public lands bo-lor.g to theee poor men—(loud cheers)—and it is fhotrpolicy to establiah them In homesteads of which thevcannot be deprived. (Applause.) Virginia, Kentucky,........tAJWar The Committee on County Cftices, to whom was referred the bill of John Kelly for oflkinl aervioea aa fiawlIT during the quarter ending December SI, les'J, respectfully reports mat ire same amounts to ii !'f7 07, and u obarged at the rates pre- tcribed by tbe atatute. Tbe itcms of the bill are all legal county charges, aad your eommittee would therefore submit the fol-A. * manufsrtcre, valued at $'I.0M1. The business cava well • »North Carolina, Tennessee, Missouri and Marylandservices during tbe qurrtsr eadmg December 31,1839, be audited and allowed at r o w tbouasMl one hundred and thirty s e -ven 07 100 dollars,aad tbs Comptroller bedirecuedto pay U ^100 -1 "A KTNER WA NTED," IMsrEDIATaTLYTT.L'.?Hoe Ridge and its valleys would pour down to the seancy to disunion— v£^JS?" i . ' » ' •** too mountains be- planse)—and there ia not a sir-§k\ 9 0 0 * ° »I W - A PABY1WR WAirTsTDrWITH s p l . ^ r U U tl.2i<)caab,atborwei:>h businem mas at rn-wsdesirable than bis money—ore wbo wishes to establiah far ham- f elf a permanent (roaring li iilnsss and reputation), to take ckarge o/tbs manufactory of a pateol articte to aarverml de- mand. Orders large. Th* advertiser baa other hi tain •** »hinh requires h* attentkaa. Psrosao wbo bars not tbs eaperieyto tellsgoodthingfromahadoneneednottroubletocall. «one but men of standing wasted. Principles only dealt wka. Bastyood would tend down thair tributes in nerds aod nocks, mrrerara aad toaber. The Chesapeake Bay wooMthvtjr»p£,umKEs.3*a?^*^^ tow^wonld'Sonde? 'J2FZ£&£t * £ - £mourning train that looks now as if sent to do the obae ouiea and sing the funeral dirge over an exhausted stak- ir-s country, would, to some sunny region on the Gulf re- jotee to tbo energies of a well directed freedom (toad cheerriinngg)—)- sanda withn tnhecchnaarraacctteernistic gratitude of the race, reimembering the land of their blrto and thef new boon of liberty samasfrad, tbey weeat tfi sha petto of Tar* •mm saand tbe Booth with tbe trophies of aa todnaarv ao. I mulated by gate and gladness amidsttbe earth uo where els* displays, awarethatthoseinthe totem* ofslaveryto tbe WestIndies under tbe anaetoas of the British go-ne?o^hT^chUctoatowho spocukato^lhe'ia* 5°eoce of slavery to carry off thai•tofto otoeaioniBtmmABrrsmEttooopt A nr nsr. n o n N VTEWS POR n - IT, u >Untitled DocumentLuirm8t.usoacet.icCo«a»an?BsT%^zS^17 «ance is made to tbe official authority. The obstacle to < igbt hundred and twenty dollars aad twenty ate cents for tbe BILLIARDS.-SPLENDID TABLES FOE BALK. AT U . use of tbe Commiaatonera of Recorda, to which ease the man-\P —ized c< naptracy against tbe Union—(applause)—a partywbic.h tbieatens to bisect, to cut in two the government OnlUrs and etcLiy-fiva mats, and t*^ cXnnptrof>4r du-totsd asship to every man of any party who, in view of such a John Beach, or.c hundred dollars. Charles A. Gallagher, eighty five <COKPOHATIOM NOTICES.I Tbos C Flnnell, five dollare.imposture used here to prevent the sending of free emi Second aad Eighth aJdermaato dtavtota, will meet to room No. Joa B. BleAaid, tea dot ar*.these usurpations ia in tbe nature of things. Slavery damns was denied and tbe case appealed, aad 9900 is hereby snd $900. Call and examine. Private houaea furnished.cannot compete with free labor in progress on this conti- appropriated thereforBoard of Supervisors, January 23,1860.Second band Tables for sale cbetp.W. a ORIFFrTH, 146 Fulton street.GENTLEMEN WISHING TO P ASS A PLEAS4NT hour will find it to their sdvantage by atopplug at 626 Broadway. MetropSUtaa Billiard SAioon. next to LauraEeene's Theatre, where there are asaea new marble bed tables, at 12publicans merely, but tbo nature of man under the will of Providence, that arrests the ruin Of this con- linent, and it is in defiance of Providence thatOn aj ea and coca adopted J. B. YOUNG, Clerk.Tbe Committee on Criminal Courts and Police, to whom was referred the annexed bill of eooapany B Fifty-fifth rsgtment. New York State Mili-ia for aervioea rendered in aid of tbs ixilice authorttie.s in the year le&7. respectfully report that thetheir courses, and the Gutf stream to be turn round somewhere about Cape Hattaras. (Laughter Up to this time it must be admitted that ttlieve it *o be a legal county charge, and anhrnit for adoption games by Patty. Glvs us a call. RBENTZ A BORNfl. the following:— \Rreoived, That the bill of company B, Fifty-fifth regiment, C O P J K K T K K R S H I P NOTICKM.already planted there. He would endeavor t / lay open republican party bas done nothing to justif; be audited and allowed and the Comptroller be directed to payportions of tbo most fruitful provinces, and those rich in* the South in resorting to such a desperate remedy. to the legal representatives of said oompauy the sum of ninety- A PARTNER" WANTED lMMEDlATELY-WrTU *mminerals to such of our slaveholders as might Tbey have never held the power in a single departmentsix dollars to be In toll for the services of eild company inJune and July. jH87, to aid of tbe police authorities, the same to $600, In a sure paying grocery buatossa altaaadsd wit*deem it their own or the interest ot their States to remove their laborers upon composition with them to a now and more congenial clime, where their labors, assisted by theno risk; an interview will aatiafy any party of that; aooe need answer without money, Full particuUra at 3<7 Broadway, us *«*"-*. C. B. HOWES A C6.A BUSINESS MAN WISHES TO INFEST OWE THOU- sand Dollars (to a but-ineca already ^stabllahed)bis services ran be made available Noes but those w boss businem require tbe attention of a confidential person s e e d answer. Address with real name and place of buaiaeee, R. W., Herald office.statements and tranacripta of coavict'ons bad ia the Court of APARTNER WITH SOME CAPITAL WANTED IN AMthe government and cannot be made responsible forof Its.acts. On tbe contrary, all to a body admit thatcrime is to come which is to bring down this terrible visitution upon the country. It is the election of a repubiPresident by a majority of tbe nation's suffrages, in conformity with the constitution. (Slight applausa.) Theiis a great body of people In the South who thin;that the democratic party has been unfortunate i: 1 he County of New Yorkits policy and in its selection of Presidents of lateyears, and who deem it a very extreme measureon the part of the minority to destroy the constitu-tion itself because it has provided that tbe majori-ty of the people may .exert tbe power of choosing auotherman and other measures, if they think tbe public good re-quires it. Taking this view, an opposition party hassprung up in the South, resolved to oppose to thebitter end tho Indicated scheme of Southei n ultra poli-ticians. This opposition party bas issued its expose, afterconsulting together in conventions held in Kentucky,Tenne&eee and Maryland, under the auspices of one 01Kentucky's first born fcons— her oldest and ablest states-man and orator—who has added honor to the highest dig-nities of bis native State and of the nation, save one],which, if estimated by the worth of its late incumbents,To Robert 11. Johnston residence 23 Grove street, Dr. For furnishing Secretary of State, pursuant to law. mimtb.lvBoard of Supervisors, January 23, I860.Nsw IOKK, Jan 2, I860.1 refer, in its opening, states that Mr. Clay, in the lastspeech he ever made, and which ho was invited to deliver totheKentuckyIiegislature,leftasalegacytohisfriendsthe formation of a Union party, to which all parties dif-fering en Union questions, but loving the Union, shoullmerge their differences to support the constitution in thevery point en which the disunioniets now propose to ajsalit—the election of a chief magistrate in opposition to theirschemes. I will here let the paper speak for me; the an -thor has shown that there existed a conspiracy among thechiefs of the Southern democracy to prevent the inaugi -ration of a President, if one had been chosen at tbe las telection in opposition to them. He adds:—" One of theirchiefs, Governor Wise, in publicly developing the .schemeand the means of carrying it out, spoke of a national civ 1war aa what they would inevitably have to encounter, butthat was col what he most deprecated. It was the'neighborhood civil war,' as he termed it, which theywould have to carry on with the fifty thodsaniUnionists of Virginia that he deplored. That twas which gave him pain to contemplate. To meet tbeexigency oi this double warfare, to provide an adequateforce against their external and internal foes, be said theF Proclamation for Oyer and Terminer would aim their slaves. I think gentlemen will n -It I a* Will QCBMSOJparty, watch "is any tentltotoj towisVO1 fcl T A ^ R ' » SALtXjaTS, t$» ANDSff BEOs 4 70ISOJ.8prosKmcetde"to both booses ofnon u. tbe Union and .assidst tbe apylaaae of every republicanthefloor (Lo&cLefaecis.) The truth *, that tbe i _ «MP-riy to toSV^iit |U»dnoNe**„»«thepartfof lb*6-To $ cartasss for soaaSdi^/lv To 7 days work tor maaos. ISa " TelOsayaworkfotlaoorsra,!to be paid fro B appropriaUona f >r '• County Confinar*iicles."Committee onCriminal WALTER ROCHJE, Jcourtsand Polios.Sc-ecial Scfsiona during ibe year i»69 $60 exjenaive and highly attractive Office Business, eoaseet-THOMAS UTILE, 1JAMBS DAVIS. IKLIJAH F. PLRDY, fWALTER KOCUE, J Courts and Police,is far beneath him. (Applause ) Tbe address to which Ou ayea and notes, adopted. J. B. YOUNG, Clerk. S M i f l f r T i S a WiU3m *hJ l»»-iteoriaed toeotKadJ»5C rrr ano COCSTTJ^49 „ . _ Let—PanelGrandJuroraGeLeralSt»aiona,at$lo $1000 Let —Panel Grand Jurors, extra, General Seaaiona, atail debts of tht firm (iRORi.K KTM irtv lliw YORK, Jan. 19.1*0. WILLIAM R A Y * _PARTNER WANTED-A YOUNG MAN FROM THM country, with a tew hundred doUara acd well ac-iusiatai with butter acd cbeess. wou d Ute lo Ond %party here'i eatmb!i»bed. or that would join blm In tlie business.Johnson, box 149 EeraH office, f'or two days.or NEW YOBK.To JOHW Keixr, Bnaairr, Da.tiet—ioo Petit Jurora, Oyer and Termioer, at $30 Oct —M0 Petit Jurora. Central Seaaiona at$3o Oct —loo Peilt Jurora, Marine Court at $30 Oct—fc*8PeUt Jarora, txira,at$3030 00 76 00238 80 cash >,, proh t o n , U € , ; Dec—Panel Urand Jurora, General Seaaiona. at f K) . 10 00 fc.^J ?M ^ °"°L ,State Prison «98at7flcTotal.lowing for adoption:—Resolved, That tbe Mil of Joan Kelly. Sheriff, fir officialatrocity.IwillnotbelievesuchwickednessofrationilBoardofSupervisors,Jan.23.I860. \riftl\TO$"OO-A8TLEMTORACTiVEPARTNaTftaccountable men, even though tbey themselves vauni-with eloquence what it "denounces" aa the treason of this conspiracy and showing the attitude of partita, proclaims that "tho republican party is not*"-»"•"-~- I'.».SF OPeven suspected of any tendency to etisunlon—fap-Cto ayes and tsoes, adoped- J. B YOUNG, Clerk.eatnerv, splitter, hn-aea. wagosa. carta aad all ia a-xsessaful Resolved, That tbs bill of Iaaae Mess-role, for board of wtt- operaton. BIGGS A hOUTfiWICK, $1 Nassau street.*J .Dee. 1-To Sloada. ot brlek. 16a.; TarUmti, 3aI s 3 toads ef mad is.""" ^TeW^Ssi^Btoa-am^^ •wto«e.as 1425"Ai»olytoltonisg IBanbtniuer wr a»arioOo»:—Rasotved.ifauthebtttof AndrewJ.FisherSar for repair* tn iLa Bounty Jnll Vt aa^aS riB"1perty under lalne pretences, aaTo6fieimieaonaaidwarrant,6fiTocorvf>inicbeforetbetvurt,laTo c»«b paid for endoraing the warrant, laToCBBHpaidf«rthreeme*l»fortheprisoner .. 120 rej'rtVt.<itther«n.e«r- '•B~»'r-nurtyehirgra anathefollowtos; To cash p«id railroad f»re for the prisoner fromR*solved, That the UTl of Beth Warner, amount-ng to for'.y two acd five hnndrtdtha dolara for service of a wan»m u;«taTHOMAS LITTLE,JAM Kb P*ViaELIJAH F. PCRDY, f Criminal Courts W « LTr-R HtiCHE, J aad Police.Hoird of Fnperviaora, Jan. 23,1860.to ibe county.Beard ef Supervisors, Jan. 23. Adopted.K« solved. That ibe bills of Coroners Gamble, O'Keefe, Sehir-Resolved. 'Jbat Abraham R. Lawrence, Jr., be and he is1 Committee ( onJJBttr»te<».It b*lr*%hnrataadch arae 'p., k from *^TM2£*&&$ft TBoaf Ah ITTTI.II,TheCorr-nitieeonCoun'yOOea,towhomwaarafnrrfidflas hOi of Norman Mcleod, for auppiirs f.*r tbe eountv tail ddfAUG. WKISSAN. / Ormtoy Offiees,JGBB ». BatlOGH,. «•On ayea and Does adopted. J. B YOUNO. Clark.Refbived. That ibe btlis of the fbPowtogno* mwtemexaaimatiooa during tbe quarterAn Act to Repeal an Act passed April 13,1856, entitled "AaAUG. WEISVAN. S Stationery. Boaan or Suraavrsons, Jan. 23, i860._ „ „ „T. S. Nrars, Secretary.F. I. A. BOOLE, .Committee HEKRY W, OENET, > os JOHN H BEADY, j Streets.PARTNER WANTED._AN BNTERPTISING MAM with a few thousand dollsrs capital, may learn of aa sa>- portuiihy tj tovegt bia money lo a manufacturing business thatSO 00 PARTNER W ANTED-TBE ADYKETIFRR, OWNING 266 40 a valuable Patent Right for the State or Pe jnaCr^tf* aa»> riak: largo orders Dec.— Panel Grand Jurora; Oyer and Terminer, at $10 JO 00 on hand. Addrcm, with re*l itme, Henry Slmsm HeraldDec—100 Pedt Jurora, OyeraedTermieer, at$30 Lee—ISO Petit Jurors, General Seaaiona. at $3030 00 oEce. Agentareed not apply. '"" '46 0060 00 TirHOLESALELTQVOR BrjSl.vy&s.-P ARnrtM WANT 211 60 > » ed in th« above bua!r,e*#, -stab iakod tesmnl » « •Distillery acd Rectifying House f S * - g S a * J B 63 00 of the proprietor tbe t nly reason of m*Pec—200 Petit Jn-ora, Marine Court, at $30Dec —710 Petit Jurors, extra, at $30Drawing S3 panela of Jurors the quarter ending DecJ\J\J wanted tn a L-xaaic, fkmily and India a i bustDess. Ope hsvtng H»tore for retaiRog and taiiafted " l b half profits, or a anmequ*: to ntlf the capital invested per sa\. num. will please address Morgan, Herald office.air Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 