 Walker.-^-....•...••_ ^seas—rin I.,.i.ie-AwHk©or-man, n47. Mru.SIMONDS.intelligence contained in the latest papers brought by ternize with the younger soldiers of she South. They assaults upon all those whese actions have aroused his her. ' --- - - - ought- to share with tbem their experience, so as to em-Iruhai;'* C>Hic«, >wWard aud 'Indo- U>p»r»«l«- on tbe •with cap. cap«,id*-hi I) Morgan ['•VMwnr>r,ao4cbod :?Ute Prisonacbely, aod»r tlw»- CWientof di-»tri**»tur^halDaoiftlE. *rth.^TwenttethJ *» xtwwnto Warir.tvvL.ut\ right oo|;cj*b&i George B ith, *uidTwenty 'Jttion, th»- York t>i£xo«t«dtn Wlda uttx si*», right *«!" Manlial S Brook* i. TUrvnebth X<mr-« ->Vid».A«rnkft*, wiJ|of Marshal E3e*atm ti. Fourth, yiith, KK, vvui fora>ou Tnni;i%•iii!i:.itofora weft wiij lm th,*t •U»R»tur*-oftfeo* nWKteat* will b eo arriving at, the Jof::< iiri<iju,.: ;..r;.»h their aft x»? the com-,aid*nvir6n»mem I. aud ;: - pftrtisv.- d jMjur*h»I at*«w .theininUaolioeb«--vdqnart«r«, Ho. Aoek p.on. b»cvunini;of tbai;>th«Wrti>iand •«». The Aid*.(ttot at Tj o'oloeit, thttt they may b*'iMiUho line Is In Orrtad MarshAL .rering of Re- y evening,(o T;/<«buildingis »u.c*ebyJoseph *w-York,a o d jaeena County, Sort?and waaa-ldressesof ited aud effect- ipplaase of m e reerxiifeuddby t> the coantry.reason to b o confidently ofto 77JV Cheer^ fOldSmith,oblv carid> 6<t/zi eaga*iity ?. Taey bavett ha<* aever politician; aKssm i s siaopiy Ration, which, d now by any «j,. h e w o o dog leaders o f br place a n d Burlisgtmeff.xhitf,butkm tastes. A a are's? poHtieal • grasp the* fcension of the-est, t h e head ailolu througrtlonor—who » ^oaali ability, those region* amatory alto- he neither de-Capt. Miller^ formerly of the steamship America, died at Liverpool on the 24th ult.ian bravery h«s shone forth at all periods of history— in the cold plains of Lombardv, Piedmont, and Venice, as well as upon the lava of its central or southern re-bo resoiuteif, •r-the habitn**.'GOVERNMENT HOUSE,T6n6^Td,'8th.S5pt., I860. Sixti-I am 80 siiiieerely anxious that all the pamful, ical gaxc/>iing. Wf**33t O. CARYL, Clerk of Lady EJgia.on<^ capabl*as evory on*B»n.TheAh^k drees on boaid the stea er, a n oiler readily acoepWd Turkish iteam cOivette Isrjahr had put into tbat port o n whole ca e a^ here diieassed certainly involves ques- by t h e Mcderator a n Sypod o f t b e Presby teraatV*$gj^^^^^^^^P^^^^^^5 Sept.8,1888; TERRIBLECATASTROPHE.creveninembryo.Fourorfiveyearsagoshe'wasIKEORMGfTROUBLEMTOR&NTO^forthePrincetopassunderthearchwithoutviolatingtftftf*ttetKegeiocapitulatodontbejfege*onotbef,,"M<VISIT0FT!£EggS^OFWALES-:-:t?ruxillo, Augw* c-oneiwedofxpectiog ree*- led,andbastaeals.Sept'.7,188&»Iion.Sepi8,1860.r u>m"matedfor! Sept. 8, 1S6QI>n was reso.rn.e4.torthehoarof the balloon to and wasting a n.ftp*. 8, 1865. la trotting match Everett and Lem K:t heat in 2:43$;at: race, in OOM- ** foul; Time,T Statu©. r Sept. 8,1860.the members o f x>r'8Gua$d,.-&r- lgaraicm-ef the jvernor aud h i e^nofOauS&iaa with t h e Oh.ii>..from abroad.i i l w a y .i.ept. 8, I860, j .for the week •e.-tae o f u p w a r d :oflastyear.'•'.':' ''ic&tetheirnew Yin «peikets g-», of Ohio, and ie Songsters wiH>f 500voice*. J d Wide-AwakesHeadquarters^ iir. i.<er of names v nmchers oveij >onthenightof g ...officers, werehighBennettj2d, &,Vidxinrciinitci;VVm; -Post; 2 d . >b Vou G«*richi*n; "ier&] parade o f occasion o f t h e*... It-is aatiei-rhan four thoa-NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 10, I860.. •The fc4eatoer Lady Elgin, in the Lake Superior Line, '•which lefc here laetnight,wasTrtm into by the schooner •Anguata, oil Waukegan, at 2^ o'clock this loorcing.£ The steamer &unk In tAventy minutes in 300 feet of wa»er. ;diacbarged the functioni. o f State for the Navy in thePorter.4.. ROBERT GORE.5. THOMAS Mi'Rrui 6. THOMAS CrMMi.sbs,.7. MICHAEL CONNJBJR.3'2. F R K O K R ^ K 8NVDEK, 33. J . H . WlLLAKD.34. H . W . GCN:;ISON. 35. PETISR WALSH.I36. W M . LEV YE a.was in# Texas during, her border troubles which re-sumed in hcstiJitiee^ wi'h Mexico. Mr. Kendall con-tinued his travels to Mexico, and remained there from to the Duke, who was riding backward, and there-" the openingto the closing of the war. His contribu-tions giving the details o f the war; under tho nom dcplume of,'"' Mustang," were extensively read through-out the country, and were instrumental in obtaininga large circulation for the paper, and a favorable noto-riety for i:s proprietors. Mr. Lumsden ha'i an amiable his couree, and taken another road, but i t was t o o wite,andaeonfoorteenyearsofage,bothofwhom,it late.. OnFridayevening theDukesentfortheis feared, were with him at the »ime o f his death, andshared the fate of the husband and father. During the Mayory and reproached' him in bitter terms for theC^TCAGO, Saturday, Sept. 8.1860.the time o f her loss. The last was invariably the one Otlv seventeen pe/soos a»e known to be saved, in- on wnich she convoyed tho largest numbe.- of excur-shouts and jeers against t h e Duke were mingledthe Dictator's fleet.Accounts from Turin mertion that a train' containing-clud-Tagtheclerk,steward,andporter. sionistsandpassengers. Iswasonthelastexcursion trip of the season she was' employed when she met J*rom350to4C0persons hr$said tohavebeenon withhercalamitousandunlooked*forfate Itisbe- board, and among t! cm were th e Black Yagers; the lieved that the Lady Elgin was insured, but this is notGr«eM Yagers and Kitles, and several tiie companies of certain.Hilwauke**, who w^-e on a visit to tbis city. , ••.;'; F . P . LUMSDEN OF NEW-ORLEANS.It i s stated in our dispatch that Mr. F . P . LurnsdenCoL Lomeden, of The New-Orleans Picayune, and_ of The N. O. Picayuiv\ with his family, were among fsmilj, were on board, and are supposed t o t>e an^ng* the lost by the accident to the Lady E'gin.withcheersforthePrince,andwereofcoarseun-450volunteersarrivedatGenoaatmidnightofth«23d thestation,andmadethemretracetheirs'epe.theloetAt tlie time of the iicci^ent, the schooner wus sailingat the rate o f eleven miles an hour.The stearqtog Mc Jaeeu lefc this morning fo r th«eoene o f the disaster. *NAMJBS O F THE PERSONS REPORTED SAVED.ThenamesofthoseBaveo,asfar askm.wn,areas follows:1. H. G. CARYL, Clerk. 29. ISAAC KINGSLEY.^ 2 . FRZI>. RICE, Steward. 30. Mr. BUKKK and wife.3.Enww WKSTLAKK31.JOHNMCKINLEY.Mr.Lumsdenwaaanativeof-NorthCarolina,andat the time o f his death was between fifty and fifty-five years o f age. Hn went to NewrOrleans about thirty years ago*where he foliowed his profoBsion as a prac- ticsl printer; .h e subsequently formed a business co-Before leaving Faro, Garibaldi issued the following '•'•"•••S. JOHN E . BOBART Uof ;37. FRED. DKVERCSKY,• - •THECAPTUREOFFORTBIZZO. Pafcobrought.ustoGibil-Rosea,andfromGibil-RoseaMilwaukee.9. TIM O'BaTxk.38. BttiDoET KEHOE."* 3y. JOHN ROSSITER. 40.E. DEBAR.19. JOHN BEGAN.20. W M . DENAR.21. JAMES MCMANCsj /22.JOHN"MtRRAY... Ooictigo.50. JACOB COOKE of Fend-du-Lac. 51.Lieat.GEO.HARTSUFFO'LKARY and child, STEPHEN CUDDY, JAS. GIL VERY, of honor and noBitioh.OTTO LEVERING and son, Miss AMELIA LEDDER and You distinctly informed me that the transparency ofWilliam III. was removed, .and one o f th e Priuce of niece, CHAS. B . MCLAUGHLIN, THOS. EvisroNaad Wales substituted. J relied upon your word, and the wife,BESSIEFANNING,ALICEPOLLARD,JOHN0.'consequencewasthatthePrincewastherebyledinto POLLARD, WM. HAYES, Mrs. JOHN. JERVIS, Miss doing what I had distinctly informed you he wouldAGNES KEAL'GH, MARY C -DUFFIE, M rs. WILLIAM not do.As tho levee is announced to be held at this house, noILUSI.O.V and three c:>ildreo, George P. Arnold, M r. alteration will be'mado, but I hope-.jyou will seethe Johcsor,G.F.Oakky.thewifeofCapt.Barryofthe proprietycfnotattendingit,?.olougasyourpartinthis- The fbllovting is all the news in the papers to hand: without exception. Sbe can convince her;»elf that Ital-a fair idea of the amount of dignity which, attaches to A\ the whole movement.The qtuVt of Cobourg seemsto encourage the hope of relief in fnture from a repetition o f the disgraceful . scenes of Kingston. Intelligence from Toronto now .%*• gives assurance of a reasonable settlement of the threat- / £ ened troubles, but the vagrant painter Robinson i s t obe there, and his capacity for mischief is great, a s well .aa that of Fltmnigan t h e butcher, who i s also to beforemost in the throng. I t is hard ,to Bpeculate upoa tbeprobable,reeult. Opinions,evenamongthehighest officers ofthe Government, are divided. Some predict tranquillity; others apprehend a display o f dangerous violence; but, whatever the event may b e , y o u will have been ixformed of it before tbis can have readIwaa well under the arch, h e would have, checkedpathy of/ the people. T h e movement which, from.10. W . A . D A V I - 1 3 ..11. WILDMAH Mitts of 41. JAMJ-.S ROGERS.spite df its numerous spies. This fact was the result of favorable opportunity for his demonstration, content* the.affectionoftheSicilianpeoplefortheholycausewedefend, and o f tho honorable behavior o f bur soldiery bimself with vapory menaces. Do not be awed by the towardtheinhabitants. '•'',,. distinguishedmilitarytitlewhichtheFlaniuganbears.Ohio. 12. LYMA>*4i:FREDERICK FEL- Of! MEYER.-lastfewyearsMr.Lumsden'sparticipation inthedi- rection o f The Picayune h a s been'somewhat limited byachai-geinthetitleofthefirmandareurrauge- meutofitsexecutivedepartment.-thechiefdutyde-supposeddeceit,and demanding atthesametimeUroiKE13. H. INOKAHAM, member 44. air«j. RIVERS o f Mil- volving on Mr. Holbrook, its managing partner.Waupan.43.E.J. POWERS. waukee.Especialattentionoughttobepaidinordertosecureconcord between all tbe Italian provinces, llabappily might guess from his air and mien, which well encour-•of the Canadian P a rI'msnett.14. CHARLES MAY.15. MICHAEL MCGRATH16. P E T E R W A L C H .17.GKORGEFrRLONff. 18.GEORGEDAVIS.CHICAGO, Sept. 9,1860. ' K addition to those reported lost yesterday, are theThe steamer Prince Albert, whose arrival a t S t . this truth, a-though recognized b y all, has been prac-John's w e announced on Thursday morning last, ticed but by a few. T h e Italians o f the North, more age t h e suspicion o f msny a bovine slaughter, a n daccustomed to ihe clang of arms, proud of victories bheding lambs unnumbered. When you hear that send any explanation ofthe occurrence of which I reachedthis port yesterday. We give some additional already gained over the enemies of Italy,- should fra- this rude boor, with his vulgar speech and his coarse23. PREPERKK HAL^IEK f of Zonackwaok.mend to an Italian eoidier; but I must impress upon bim with all the'fervor of my soul, the discipline of ancient Bom*, an invariable harmony from one to an- other,andfromprovincetoprovince^besideaduere- spect for property, and above all for that of the poor peae&ntry, who suffer so much to gain the scanty bread of their families.VIENNA, Aug.27.—Although the Ministera declared,in t h e last sitiing o f the Committee o f tvventy-onemembers of theCcjuncil of theEmpire, tbitthe Government have n o objection t o t h eHungarian programme being discussed a n d sub-mitted to the vote of the Committee, it is. never-theless certain that the Germau party is.preparing a battle eeem to justify ,tbeir action. One effort more counter programme, to be also submitted for discussion and victory is burs; but the answer is tbat the soldiers by the Council o f the ! Empire, assembled i n full sit- require a halt.. * * * * I t is then tliat the voice ting. M. Voutlsebeh will present.tho report in the and prestige of a beloved officer are enough to stimu-24. JOHN BvrER. 25. T . pRlTCilARR,152. JAMKS ROOERS.proposal of the Italian C.onfe"erat-ion.P ARIS. Aug. 27.—Cojunt Mallineau, First Secretaryof tlie Austrian Embassy, wilf act as Charge d'Affaires during the absence of Pjrince Metteruich, who is about to proceed to his estate in Bohemia, on six wesks' leave of absence.26.J O H N "wif-*.EVEKTI.ONI27. JOHN BOYLE. 23. Mr.WALI>O.To the- Worshipful, the Mayor of Toronto. \ P.S.—Ireopenmylettertosaythatyourshasbeen Antoii-e Rice, Michael Murphy, N . McGrath, Martin this moment (11 o'clock) received. I trnst the result of Droloy, Frank Casper, Wm. Wilson, Mr. Ralph, Jas. the meeting may he satisfactory, but I am sure you will feel that the reparation must precede any further com-' I must repeat t o you that an officer beloved and re- spectodbyhismenwillperceivewithpleasiretbeem- pire he has acquired over them .by h is bravery, and boneyolence, and the more so amid the dangers of war, when fatigue or want o f food and the .duration o f the45. TERRY CKOTH'ER.46.-PATRICK MEYER, Fire- foliewii-g:GOVERNMENT HOUSE, Toronto, Sept. 8,1860. SIR: I deeply regret that you have not thought fit toA ai.vl nameNAMES O F PERSONS KNOWN T O Bi; ABOARD • T I B STEAMJ^Et.The following persins left th e Tremont House last eveising, and took £a*sage on the Lady Slgiu:F. A. LUMSUEN, wife, two children, and servant, of New-Orleans.W . GARTH and wife, Miss ANNA GARTH, and Mias AMANDA GARTH, o f I aris, Illinois.P. F HALL and ladjy, of Aurora, Illinois.Mr. SK,NVTKI.CEN o i arm o f SNUTH & SEKPTELERN. T.C.HAN A.Mr. I'EA'RCEofthefirmofGOODMAN&PEARCE. Mis. BARROW. ..ISAAC KINGSLEY o f Milwaukee. -JAMES COSGROVE.Mr. FITZI'A TRICX erf Kenosha, Wiscoosin Mrs. KETTS aed foir cluldren.Mr. BOND and two children.JAME.HBELLOWSofMineralPoint,Wisconsin. A . BCCKINGHAM.J. C. POLLAKD and lady, of Milwaukee.1J.FITZGERALDai:<3lad,y,ofMilwaukee.MICHAEL GONEGAN an<l lady, of Mil ^ankea. HERBART INGRAHAM. member of Pariiament andD . Downer,M r . Monahan,proprietor of The Lvndon Illustrated News, and his correct:Mayor and Council did not attend the Levee, statementis enrronthere.thattbeydidattend and were repulsed, but this is incorrect. In answer toson HERBERT."EDWARD WHITE".FANNY BCRNS.CHARLES SMITH of Chicago. GEORGE MORTON of Superior City. GE*. L. SIMPSON ol Joliot*.Kxc Kcgui&rpawscngeru.Mr. LOCKE of Sheboygan. ••OTTO LEVKIUNCE $x>d wife.Mr. NICKEL. . 'Mr.Pun.LirsofMilwaukee.••• Of these, but 98 are saved.JOHNBORAN,DepttyU.S.MarshalforWisconsin. ' Uone of the abovenameo have yet &een heard of. "The booksand p*pe -a of the steamer are all lost.Afterthecolli/iion,thesteamer floated southtoWi-netka.wherefhesan<.STATEMENT OF TH1. CLERK O F THE BOAT.The el*rk makes the following statement:LONDON,MondayEvening.—Thefundsto-dayare inac^ve butfirm; the toa^ket being rather more favor--G&r^iau unknown.54. JOHN New-Yojk.55. PRTER WALSH.o fUiion Guaids. Thos. Bohan, wife and child, Jno. Kelly, and^ Policemen Dewe»s, Suuth, Delaney, Schecker, Hoffern, and Rice, the latter with h i s whole family;matter is unexplained and no reparation offered,I tun cir, ynnr vorv obediont eorvnnt, NEV/pASTLE.'.evening, on the subject o f the transparency o f King fort to fulfill the wishes of the'Christian powers. Theae Eaat b y South until w e s a w a collisionw a s William HI., on the Orangemen's arch in this city, and preliminaries have delayed the signature of the Con- probable, when w e p u t t h e holm , hard u p ; tho letter which I bad the honor of addressing to.his Ex- vention, upon which, however, the powers have nowtained that tbey belonged to the Taipiug body. T h e the necessary oorsefjQences which must ensue, that the T.- allies bad sent a'body of men a short distance iuto the Orangemen would he eo misguided, in their own con- country to ascertain if tbe rebels were in that vicinity. duct, and act so offensively to the whola of their fel-fully aware 'of the danger, or whe'iier thair appalling situationmadothemspeechlessIcannott*;ll.Aboat was lowered a t once, with t h e desigu o f gotogrout.d upon the larboard side to examinethe selwasgoie. . • • t leak. There were t* o,oars belonging to the boat, j-utExcellency t h e Governor-General, o r even f o r t h o sake ofcomplaiecehcetoward any portion of my folio w- cirizens. 1 c a n safely appeal to any one,, who knows me, and who, I am pure, will satisfy your Grace, that I' would not, unleBS I were to depart from the whole tenor ofmy life,' actin the manner to which«ust at that moment some p e e m possessed himself o i "oneofthem, andwewere powerless tomnnwgetae' once i n reaching the wheel, but boat/ W e succeeded beachwerequicklydrifted&wayandthrownupontbeat Wiu&tka. Oi>ly tw o iK>ats were left on the steamer. '0|»e of them container thirteen persons, ail o f whom were sav*d. The oth^r bore eignt persons, but only four of them reached jtbe-shore alive, the four others beipg drowned at the >each. Before I left the steamer the enjrine had ceaetd to-work, the fires baviDg been extinguished. The fo; ce and airection of the wind wasthe txcursion party reached Milwaukee yesterday, i tillegal in this country as they are in Ireland. This is a conclusive answer if I afrked you as Mayor to exercise ] i y< ur auf bority-^bu'. it isnoanswer to my remonstrance. Imadeit,notas;Secr^^aryfortbeColonies,calledupon • to enforce a law, b u t as a Minister of the Queen at-' tfir.aHngtb.f- Prince of Wales, by command of Her Majee-driven up the lake, a a d would reach tbe shor:? in the vicinity o f Winetka. A« I sto d upon the beach, hope-All the survivors unite i n according to Capt JohnWiliot, commander, praise for his great bravery amiI lnuo thu honor to be, my Lord Duke, your praoe'a moat obe- dient, bumble **rvam, A! >AM WILSON. MayorTo hiK Gruco tho DCKB of NBWCAfeT/.B, «<icrftu.ry*for Uw Ooio-in the vicinity of Turin.There had been a severe snow s'orm near Rouen.to the Pre?ident, for Executive interference to-remove-an injunction hid a t the suit.of tbe United States npoaJACOESONwosian,..Major: • —MAYOR'S OFFICE, TORONTO, Sept. 8, 1860.you and the gentlemen who accompanied you on board intervention in the interior administration of Turkey. last advices from Shanrhae; and there was no trade the steamboat, and fully ex Dlsining to you the motives •The Lady Elgin let* the port ox Cbio^o a t haif-pfuit elevenocloc^ctorLaieSnperior.Amongthepassen-supposingthevesselwouldfill.AfterclearingtheP ARIS, Monday.—3.^0 p, nu—The Bourse remainsle+ftb looking back upon the route w e h a d drifted, I darirg tbrougl'out. He was foromoetin confronting.rituu, ice. lTlie Duke replied thus: .» • '..«,A Trieste telegram of the 24th says letters from tbe proprietors cf the New Almaden quu-keilver roioe. Ragusa, speakofa sanguinary collision-atGaskoincould see in the gray of th«i morning objects floating opon the water, and »<*metiuies I thought human beiuge suugehng with the wa<es.the dagger, and earnest for the Bafety of the passengers.in'the Herzegovina. T h e Mussulmans attacked t h e Christians and massacred even women and children. The authoxitiea were unable to preventit.The action of the Californiau I^ogislatwre is defendedon the ground that the injunction in qjae&tion, whilo i twas n o t necessary t o }rbtect the• interests .o f t h eHe waa drowned vrithin a.hundred feet of shore. ofhigoen-Mm* Nearlyonennndredpersonsarrivedwithin50yarlsTHE STEAMER LADY ELGIN.FACTS CONCERNING KKR AND HER CAPTAIN of the beach, but were swept back b y the returningMr. Edvards. whi lived f^ r a number of years on waves, and lost. U p t o 9 o'clock to-night, only 2 1the shores of Lake Wichigan, bae kindly furnished u» bodies have been recovered, most of which have been -vrithsundryparticulareinregardtotheitl-fatedsteamer rccogcizedbyfriendBasthoseofresidentsofMil- Xxu&jElginandher.uapttin. ThoywiQnodoubtbe waukee.I cannot conclude thia etter without an expression, ofiahisefzbjtaodewshehaa readTwitnlivelyintersstinconnectionwiththelossoftheituevionsday,onh$rwayfromthocoastofSyria tionsoftb/ifirstimportancetothewholeCalifornia Churchincouiie.ctionw,JItbsChurchofScotland.It movements of Judge BougSas. will not continue a difcuseion which must have been so ninute uiye8tJ'gatidh,. Hod found guilty of high treason; fixed oeiiof that no title to huidt; in California caa-poa- of the Orangemen, bat 1 fear such a construct'.on is toomoTvg all th«ir id^acy, would n*3ntolabor He wo«!dbe> he ladder b yany Northern dJws^ltrtion c£ tfortii wouldro ho»eet; a n d teiliag th«rtOk,-that unfortunate craft and her immense human freight Tbe Lady Elgin wun built i n Canada about nine or•tenyearsago, andt>timed after thewifeofthethen Governor-Generalof3ritiahAmerica,LordElgin.She "was a side-wheel nikil steamer, of about 300 feet inJertrth a n d 1 000 tuts burden. S h e was a fust and favoriteboatand^nt onthreeorfsurexcursions annually. For the first five years rfftv her cons-ruePHILADELPHIA,Sept.i),1«60. TheSundayMercuryannouncesonanthoritythat Stiuttor DOUHHIH Will not visit tbis city a t all, for fearof taxin« his voice. He will proceed to New-York.painful t o you, and has certainly been no less to me.But.Imnrt-npboiinitcuttovyonthat-itwaayoui/bicbhallygaveanobnoxiouscharacterto t^TM* w:";.! GREECE..''•':>.''-,-',aibVy be eound aad honoBt, and " An early Californian"Contendsthai under this belieftheAttorney-Generallikely to be put upon their dechjion. •lam,Mr,yoorv»-ryotx^ilent»*rTM»t» Tbewonhlpiul.thoMnyorofKUigaton-^KV/cASTLJ!.EBB*fY-r-mupurchased by Hubbard. Spencer Sc Co. of Chicago,to Whoa eh© belonged till th e calamity^ which it iso u r p-imfulduty to.record to-day pit an end to the historyinto the hands of the Ch'cago firm of Hubbard, SpencerccCo.,Capt.JohnW-lsonDecameherscommaoder,in 4)ver Three Hundred Lives Lost. which post be continued up to thw time of her loss, andit is to he feared that he ha« undoubtedly shared her T H E .A P O L O G Y O F T H E , M A Y O R ..CoBotzao.C.W.,Sept.7,1BG0. lptheWorshipfultheMayorofToronto: ofwnstruction,andcannotlongholdoutAnobsti-were'eau^ednotso.hj'.there^entOrangemen,melancholyfate. Capt.Wilsonwasagentlemanof tenyearsexperienceinthenavigationoftheupper lakes, a fine, off-band, and vigilant man, and a popularNAMES OP PEkSONS M5MRTBD SATED, commander amoog travelers o n Lake3 Michigan and Superior. He was also a man of family, h is family^ |-A KECOI¥CII>IAfirXOx¥.Mst ofaPortionofthe&oat.residicg in Chicago.Since-the Lady Elgin becamethepropertyof her la»;t owners she has been engaged in the travel between ChicagoandBayfield,onLakeSuperior,about100 milesfromthe,headofnavigationofthatinlandsea.ANOTHER OFFENSIVE DEMONSTRATION. presented to the Prince on Monday, to compensate for their exclusion on Saturday.'(( Regirio.". town o f Belleville resounded all €r» m9rmog with Accountsfrom Naples ofthe 23dreport thatthe vehement invectives against the two ui0ye^nm''ntfore, a vast number o f passengers on board.a8naCCep TtM reorthat Mr. vacca, the commander o f the Monaica w h o.(i Vf*•••**•- •the terms of my letter to tbe Governor GeneraL I can received witi1 implicit confidence. A n offlcril dis^itsh. \ - «completely vanish from tbe minds o f others a s they says: •- "-' " Jv THESTEAMERli»*EL6EISHIR. ofhernowtragicallyfamouscareer.Whenshepassed TheDnkotfNeweastleComplainsofDeceit willfromthatof,Sir,yourveryobedient'servant, "Thetroopsth.ataredefendingReggioretereatsd,^roihOorvThe disturb*. J S S ^ S W * y«rterday m o r u i ^fullexplanationsandapologies.ing, having received no response, h e dispatched., a t 11 o'clock, the following letter:FRANK CHAMBERLAIN, M rs. SARAH-B. NEWCOMB, made complaint to you last evening. I would not wil- Mrs.•THOM'AS,KENNEnjsr, Mrs.SUSAN JSANLON, Miss linglyrevert to.ariy cause of^flense, afterthemost magnificent a n d warm-hearted reception which' the AHNBI'I.OER,PATRICKHAN-I.ON,WM.FOLEY,PAUL Princeof.Walesm*:tinthecityyesterday,butthereSmith,daughter Fanning, Mr.. O'Neil, Terrence Conley, Alderman Crilley and family, C. McOormick and sister. C. O'Brien and fam-McGa'ny, Constable Burhus, Edward Burke, Georgeand, son,SamuelBrown,Katemunication. . ' • ' - . . ; , .The letter alluded to in the above postscript, isasfollows:MA YOR'S OFFICE, TORONTO, Sept. 8,1860.ily, John O'Grady and wife, Mr. Rooney, A. Gurbitt,Constable Fahey, Jolm Horaii, Stephen Hoff, Hugh intf-rview your. Grace did me th e honor of holdingname of'the minority of. the Committee, while Count Clam Martinez i s t b e reporter o f the majority. It. is expected tbat t h e ful) .sitting o f tbe Council o f the Empire will not be resumed, before the let of Septem- ber, as the struggle between tbe rbinority and majoritylate the greatest recreant to a renewed combat. B e - sides, itis impossible that a soldier wou*d. abandon on th6 field, o f battle an officer who had.treated bim kind- ly, who had assisted him in o''s Wants, a n d who b a d shared the'toils ar«d glory o f a campaign. For the^eSpecialDispatchtoTheN.Y.Tribune.TORONTO, Sept.^,'1860..To-day,however,newcomplicationshavearisen, whichmayposBiblybringtbe Toronto visitto anKing'ft.Governmentwas sendingmoretroopsi"to Calabria. Donbtisthrownonthestoryof4,000 c«JaJ'!anshavingjoinedtheGaribaldianF.re officerswhomtheOrangemenhaveagreedtv' fi*"*astherealauthorsoftheirgrievaoce«,theDuv°°^ Ifewcastle and Sir Edmund Head. Avowals of atten- tion and respect for the Prince himself were frequently madebytheetumpdcclaimers^whoatvarious'timesheld forth, but. were always coupled with declaration*STATEMENTBYTHE CLERK. Sheneedtocallatthemost prominent portsandhar-bors lying between Chicago and Bay field, "to land aud The Orange difficulties i n this city, which had abrupt. termination. O n driving t o church, the MM.. Paternostro, Campanile, and Cortez. have ar-THESCENEBEFOREandAPTEETHEDIS&STEBreceive mails, 'passengers, specie a n d other freight. rived at Turin, having been expelled from Sicily b y Thislastwasinagreatmeasurecopperonthedown- beenregardedasalmostfinallysettled,nive been DukeandthePrinceavoidedtheOrangearchby fVVmP,u FTM1*expuliwonisascribedtotheirenter-tan,aB0fward trips, the products of the mines of the giant of opened again in a remarkable manner. T h e city choosing a circuitous road. In. retaliation, t h e "i « °« . .P^»JPon-.to immediate annexation.the Jakes. T h e ports a t which 8 h e always stoppedwere Marquette, Portage-Entry, Copper Harbor, JEa-gle River, and OntonagOD, a n d o n h e r last and fatal and impending disorders, most o f Whicjtt, when hung o u t partisan banners from the arch whichThe Chevalier Piola,; a Sardinian officer, w h ois filled with extraordinary rumors of pasa troubles Orangemen, a s eooh a s this fact became knowo,The exact order o f events, a s narrated by the and covered with emblems o f their order. When was not on board her the night thev Veloce tried to cut her out of the harbor of Naples, is gone to join Gari- sions annually, to the one in which she was engaged at highest authorities o n each side, iis a s follows: the visitors emerged from church, threatening baldi, and it is thought he will hold a high command inand i n private, t o believe that t h e eympathjiee of t h e Prince a r e entirely with tbem," aiud that, i f t h e pernicious influences o f his adviser« could be for a short time withdrawn, the result would be a graceful compliance with a ll their demands. This would be an amusing, i f i t were a lesa barmles«i dclo- «ion; b u t th e disagreeable consequences which ar© likely to continue so long as it h maintained make it ftThe Lady Elgin used to make three similar excur-sight o f the portrait o f William,, and indicated i tfore failed to promptly'detect i tHad-tfce Duke been warned before th e carriage•rgeetlocalpotiiocity:-• 18.W«.ELWOOD. 49.PATRICKMEYERSofFOLEY,EDWARDMALO'NE,JAMESMALONE,DANIELaromatterswhich,cannot-beoverlookedwithoutlosston27th. •';.;', Italyhasseen,shecan'countuponall'hereonsmirersandfollowersareforeverproclaiming—yougetMY LORD DUKE—-In consequence oi the very paiofulTORONTO, C. W ., Saturday, Sept. 8, 18<LIt ig considered by those who have be«m with I h e Prince of Wales, since his arrival in America, that, the reception and ilbxainatioos here laat night in his hoajwrWith .'fne last- evening respecting the portrait o f King Wilijkrrt Hid., which hasbeen, placed on the archThenextmorn-ANOTHERMSSACEEBYMU.SSUIM1NS.BELLEVILLE AND COBOUBG. !HmReporter.rIf the tone o f the Mayor's letters had been lesa nate conflict then ensue*? with Briganti's BVigade, oc- »« by the depnta*iongX " ^ K,n?'^>n> wbo,'. under th eabjeot,theywouldundoubtedlyhavebeenquiteas cupyingPiale. TheengagementcontinuedTa#a:nthis vagrantpahrtcrBobinsos, *??^her1eadei8,h».dra- moTnhog,at4o'clock." 7 Upon th6satisfactory, and. perhaps more acceptable. T h e Cfndtr the head of^Latest," the Patrie o f last pidly probed forward imroeu.' . "Knnce'a difficulty was, however,.considered a s settled, and evening simply states, " Dispatches from so»irtheru departore from their own city" i* ^'wwlHte theijrneitrb-««" ftaJy inform u s tbat disembarkati'-iiB i n Ca<abna bors to egnal^uemoretrations' of '$££ni8an ?Pit6*T i , «it waa arranged that the cityr.fficials should be tf stillgo on. Garibaldi had invested the citade'iiO'fODly hope that from thismoment aU differences may as from Naples, dated a t half-past 4 Thursday evening,rp ' , „ ; . , ; , r NJEWQASTLE. after a rigorous comKat, into thefort -whicn is iu courseto the effect t h a t " his Royal Highness w a s tnrnedt.-ip she had pa^ed all of-these places, a n d had, there- Bifted, prove wholly unfounded. I is o n t h e opposite corner t o t h e church, !l ^f -t r « ? ^i on tbe other hand, " who misled bim." The Orangemen affect, in public i!Before the arrival o f the Royal party, the Duke o fNewcastle,hadbeenassuredbytheMayorofTo-ronto that no arch with Orange decorations would noticed/ A considerable excitement was aroused from Parma Piedmontese soldiers Were in waiting atbe met Iby the Prince of Wales. and still continues, but this produces little concern The Turin Qpmione publishes a private dispatch This 'assurance,was the re3uit o f a conference among those whom t h e people declare to- b e i t s from Naplne cot farming th e intelligence of the capturebetween the Mayor and the Grand Master o f the causers. T h e Duke o f Newcastle expresses per- both, of the town and castle o f R«-ggio b y >GarioaldL matter o f more sober consideration. N^hing, o fIt adds that at Poggia, the capital ofthe Capitanata, a order, in which the latter had agreed to sot aside fect indifference to mobs, and their movements find Prbvitional Government has oeen instituted.course, can now atone for the display of inhospitable discourtesy already given; but alittle repentant grace atthe-endmightaoftenthemoredisgracefulaspectsof the evil. Even thh\ however, can hardly be hoped for, so long as the conviction remains that the Priuce or any o f bis party can regard the outbreak with any feeling but that ofindignation or contempt. - ' JThe condition o f affairs a t Belleville having pre-ventedalandingthere,thesteamboatKingstonstartedthe pTopoEed portrait of King William crossing the serious cause for complaint only i n the affair o f theB'jne,,as weHasanobjectionable inscription, arch. '•which were the only two-doubtful features o f t h e The Prince to-morrow visits Collingwood, o n address:' 'A F E W WORKSOF THE ARMY.—Among the qualities which ought t o predominate in the Italian army, beside bravery, is the3Vt O Picayune, wheh paper is recognized as one of be retained, and dispatched a verbal message to the be takes leave of Toronto, unless new' demonstra- amiability which attracts and secures the affection ofLake Huron, traversing a line o f country in which N p:irtr;vr*hip witn C. W. Kendall, aud established The covered that the portrait of King William was to Orangei8m predominates. On Wednesday morningTO THEOFKICERS ANO SbLDtERSt b e l e a d i n g j o u r n a l s o f t h e S o u t h e r n S t a t e s . M r .Lums-den'8connectionwithThePicayune continueduninterruptedfromthe dayofitse&tabiiahmeniuntilhis decease; tue exceptions beiag short pleasure-tripeinto the interior o f the couatsy, aud similar to th*t o nwhich h e met his untimely death. H is partner, Mr.Kendall,onthecontrary,waaanextensivetravelerin cessionwiththePrincethroughthocity.Asthey tbe capacity of correspondent of .Tlie Picayune, anddrew near th e Orange arch th e Prince caughts o l d i e r s / - I t i s h a r d l y p o s s i b l e t h a t b r a v e a n d b e l o v e d officersshouldnotobtainfrom soldiersthediscipline, subordination andClan necessary indifficultcircum-arch.B u t a t th e last moment th e Mayor dis-D u k e t o i n f o r m h i m o f t h e c h a n g e . sagewas newer deliyored.T h i s m e s -t i o n s m a k e i t n e c e s s a r y f o r h i m t o d e p a r t b e f o r e . This,however,isnotnowconsideredprobable..FDBTHER FROM EUROPE A B K IY A L O F T H E P B IN O E A L B E R TThe HungarianProgramme.to Palermo—namely, that which secured the liberation disturbance o f t h e peace, their valor h a s oftheSiciliancapital—produced,Isay,thatsplendid for the hour given way.to its abetter,Tlie Emperor Napoleon's Spcecii. result, because the enemy could not be -iware o f it in part, discretion, aud the Major, while awaiting a moreThe Duke, believing that all obstacles were re- moved, authorized th e landing and passed in pro-for Cobourg, wnence assurances hadbeenreceived* stances, and, above all, the firmness which is necessary that no offensive displays of any kind would be per-ROME, Aug. 27.—The) Pope is said to have expressed totheI)nkoofGrammoethisreadinesstoagreetothegions.ThereforeitisnotbraverythatIneedrecom-Churchill, Wm. Churchill. Chas. Ergete. Rdw'd War-ner, Cbas.Johnson,R. E. Commonford, Moritz Parsons, erected by the Orangmen of this city, and which w as of the Committte will decide the future destinies of the" reasons especial care ou2ht to be takeu by officersto surpassed.anything Vet seen. . .(Mr Fitzgerald and sister, Peter Lynch, Mr. Pomeroy,to have been diepensfld with, andoneofhis royal Highness the Prince of Wales adopted for it; and re-empire. The reporters have demanded a full week fordrawingupareportofsuchgreatimportance.five with their soldiers and take care o f them us they The Prince is holding a le^ee tbis momiug. , , 'wouid of their own family.ThcmaB Sheehan, wife, and.two children, John Cos- ppectii-'K also the communication specifying the pro- -MESSINA, Aug. 24.—The two Neapolitan brigades of Finally, I Bball eayto ail Italians, with the certainty statue of the Queen.grove,JamesSmith,HenryParsons,F.Hamier,Tuos. posedchange whichIbadthe honorofaddressingto Melend^rzaandBregadettehavesurrenderedatdiscre- ofbeing'listenerito,that,beingfew,the striwle will ^Tbisevening,heattendsa receptionatOsgoodHall. his Exceli&ncj the Governor-General a few days .since, tion. W e are masters o f their arms, artillery, horsey be long, and with.a great sacrifice o f gold and blood; There are no further apprehensions o f Orange diffi-N*ville, Philip Best, Patrick Couley, Jamea Couley, and which w a s permitted to remain uncontra- and material of war; and of the Port of Bizzo. T h e but being many, w e shall secure the unity of Italy culties. -\$kSamuelA. Downer,E'i Plunkihgton, HarryBishop, dicted."either bythelatter•?ommunication to.'.hisabove confirms the telegram from Palermo published tbie morning, and this is official. ••quickly and well, so that future gene'rations shall r e -The weather is rainy.THE-ORANGE/DIFFICULTY I N KTNGSTOH". " * THE DUKE OF NEWCASTLE TO THE MAYOR.Augustus Bishop, Patrick Welsh-, Mr. Keefer.All the above are of Mil waukee.Excellency or by"any personal statement.! have con- vened the Council for this morning at 9|: when I trust to be enabled to make an explanation and apology to yourGraceandtoHisExcellencywhichIhopsmaymember us with affection.G . GARIBALDI,Elena Cullen and Elizabeth McLaughlin of Water- town.No accurate list c r number.of t h e persons on board can-begiven,butthefollowingisestimatedasnearlymyself. compelled to take tbe extreme course contem- plated as possible in my letter to Sir Edmund Jlead e f '.. the30thAuguet,whichwascomaunicatedimmediately*to you by his Excellency, and to adviec the Prince o f Walestoproceedonhiswaywithoutlandinginthet.; City of Kingston.Wben w e arrived yesterday we found an arch cov-uh Embassador, was) n o t t o b e inserted i n t h e aiShangbae on the 29th a n d 28th June, respectively, ered with Orange decoration %, and an .organized body 4J!fConvention." .Russia,)nevertheless,insiBted'4^rt^ti?e andwereto have fort.be northimmediat'dv.Gen. ofmany hundreds wearing alltheinsigniaofthew*-'30Capt. Malott o f th e schooner Augusta states that the Duke's letter, t h e following waa Bent by thewhen he firet discovered the steamer's lights, both red and bright, he supposed her to be from quarter to halfwhat dan age was done, and when I got back the ves-W t e n the intelligence of the loss of the steamer withhands. France gives i n Europe- t h e impulse o f all great and generous ideas. She bo ws not before the in- fluence o f evil ones l u t when s h e i s degenerating, and believe, that with" God's assistance, she shall not degenerate under my dynas'y." ;'.•'•'••'•••'••''Tbe weather in Franjce is magnificent; and, if it con- tinuestokeepupforafortnight,an'extraordinaryfine vintage may ne expects d.The sacriBtry of the Church of Notre Hame, Paris,bad been robbed o f valuables to the amount o f 25,000opposite Hong Kong, the Sunon districts, many clan fights take place, and have been witnessed by foreign- ers on many occasione. The mandarine are so powor- lee8 that the people d o a s they like.- I n the present case tbe. authorities shut themselves u p i n the city, leaving t h e belligerents t o settle; thfeir alfairs in' their ownway. _^m^n a r e also not Protestants, i t i s quite unnecessary for me to repudiate eo unfounded ane absurd a charge. I am well aware that such party processions aro uotspread like wildfire throughout t h e city. .The tele-gmph office was thronged ail d a y with relatives a n d your Grace alluded to last evening; but I admit againfriends of those on board. Many who presented dis- patches were in tears, a n d t h e most intense anxiety and excitement was maniff sted i n the countenances o f all. IntheFirstWardofthatcity,itUsaidthewis scarcely a house or place of busmets, which has notthatmuchdoo3appearinwhathasoccurredtohave induced you Grace to form too strong opinion which your Grace gave exnression to on'the occasion in ques- tion. 1 have now'oi% to implore your Grace that whatever omission o r offense I may me chargeable with, it may not b e visitedin a n y manner upon this incut loyal city, for as toward your Grace and his Ex-We callthe att<n*ion of our readers to the comments, tv on an official-visit to the Colony at the invitation ofs \cellency"I am alone to blame. ••".'-.suchthattheboatsaiicifragmentsofthewrejkwereiojtsomeiumateoremplojoe. Aviolentstormhaddoneseriousinjurytoth£vinestheapplicationmadebytbeLegislatareofthatStatebappeiistottobeforbiddenbytheColonislLegisla-KrogB hut w h*n you informed mo that transparency^was—On the 4th in^t. a great republican mesting w a s t b f removed by the Orang.mena i « ^ j S * f f?val sanotiou t<» 6e^Reverdy Johnson and Benjamin, having gone out t o schooner Emeraid, from th e Scrai^ 0 f Belle Isle for 1 Burrintrton, N . S . , with a cargo of fish. The crew oftion ths I ^ d y Elgin w a s emploved i n the Canadian held on Prairie Creek, Logan Co., Illinois. Six thous- nartv evmbol, ft at once aesumed the objectionable tea- ''aid before him.traffic of the lakee, and earned . , , , northern khores, w h le t h e Grand Trunk K«l way, which now T*rfoW lhat service, was yet incomplete,Jive.Emerald—doven i n uumber-^were taX«A 4 ^ 9**and person* were there; speeches were made by Judge Trumbull and others.SSJJoPtSrafeplay which I luid ad^ed tne g*»J«o» I to countenance, and lie restoration, made .it unposBo xe 1THE WO SICILIES. •the Pacific to mamtain the right o f the Now Ahnaden. Company./*M ^•f'^^w.^tfw^'.'Api'^MMr^frw—*y.^.0i,.w.*** •^.^.^^^Mti^y^i^:it.^.PARIS, Atur. 27.—Thb Sultan,in authorizing his Em- bassador a t Paris to sign »he protocol of die 3d inut.. whichistobeconvertedinto.aConvention,imposed, CHINA. Wehaveadvicc-sfromHongKongtoJuly7;Sbang-BridgetFoley,L.T.Minstonandwife,Mdrgaret:C(Jad,BridgetCoad,ofChicago. beacceptedassatisfactory.Ishouldhavehe'dtinstheconditionthat-theprotocolshouldcontainnoihinghaeJune29.ThefollowingisthesummaryofTheSIR:ItiswiththeutmostregretthatInowfind'meeting hist night but I could find neither clerks or that might involve the idea o f -foreign intervention i n China Mail ;messengers and I was told I should have had greaterthe interior affairs of Turkey. I t was for that reasonNothing of a political nature affecting o u r relations withtbisempirehastranspiredsincethedispatchoflast dient and him.blo servant, ADAM WILSON, Mayor. measures to be taken for ameliorating thecondition of mail. Lord Elgin left tbis for the north in the after- the Christian subjects of-thePorte wereem- noonofthe23dult.,hih»rMajesty'nshipFeroze,aud In consequence of. the Duke's admonition, the bodied in a second jand separate protocol. This Baron Gros, on tbe morning of the 24th ult., in his Im- The protocol, b y the distinct reservation of the Turk- perial Majesty's .steamer Saigon. Tbey both arriveddifficultyinfindingthe?members. that thewithes ofthegreatPovers respectingthe I have-tho honr (o oe, my Lord Doles yonr Grace's most obe-Convention should recall and confirm thepi-omisegiven Sir Hope Grant and Admiral Hope bad both left forbythePorteattheCongressofParisinfavorofthe tbeGulfofPecheli—theformerontheJ22dJuno,and companimentwhichcbaracerizessuchprocessiono. I Chiistifcne. The Divan refused to accede to this de- the latter on the 20i.h.' could hardly bring myeelf id believe that, after'eeeicghard at the time; w e kept o a r vessel o n her course Your Grace did me tbe honor of holding with me last ci6e of its sovereign independence, it will use everv ef rebels a visit, and -were w*H received, and it was ascer- I took to these party displays on each an occasion, and \_•mand, which it declared would, constitute au act of The rebels were still iu the ascendant, according toa mile distant, and steering N . E.. it wa^ raining very Mr LORD DURE: Adverting to the interview which The Porte, however, declared that, acting in full exer whatever a t tb8t port. Some missionaries paid the which actuated mv advice to the Prince, tbe pbjectioosstruck thesteamer two'orthree minutes after-warie,justabafi.tbepaddle-box,ontheportside;theeteam^r kept on her course, her engine in'full motion,beaded t h e Augusta around north; alongoido t h e have stated the change which w a s subsequently pro-Ho-kwei-tsinghasbeendegraded,andorderedtoPe-steamer,but they gotseparated in about a minute, whentheAoguetafellinthetroughofthesea;allthe head gear, jib-boom, a n d stauueheons, were carried away. W e took in sail, aud cleared away anchor,posedto bemade,and which was afterwardinfact mad«,andalthoughtheRt.manCatholicswerequite willing to acquiesce, and did acquiesce m the alt&ra- tion, it was, nevertheless, only due to your Grace aud to his Excellency that such a deviation from the under- stood arrangement.should have -beeu promptly trans- mitted. A u d looking back to what I have done from tbe present view of matters, itmay appear that it was1-lGto | p e r cent. In|British Railway stocks a n im- mediate advance of-\toIp6r.cant has taken place. Cobeolsclosed,veryfirmat9215-16®93,'Snares steadily improved, andjclosed very firm, at above rates. Stock rather scarce.* Canadian and French firmer,"••:;Thexe was a large number o f transports anchored to wait £2 bourp to give the Orangemen time to recon-inTalienBay,and thebaypr;eonted every appear- sider'their retolve. They adhereto itanditis my anceofbeingafineanchorage.Aportionoftheduty,therefore,toadvisethePrincetopursuehiscellencythe.GovernorGeneral,stating,that sucha .decoration wasnottohave been placed there, I .am n o w defirous o f acknowledging to Yourcometoagreement. J . 'low-citizens—Protestant a n d Romau Catholic—as t o kinaprisoner,forthelessofSoochow,butitwas por£#>vereiitheirintentionofpreventingthePrince^thought he,would tiy and make capital out of the bar: from accepting^be hospitality of your city.Grace that 1 ought most undoubtedly to able. Consols have experienced a n improvementof bariau brMheeis. ,•..'• I have been disappointed.," Tbe Prinftehas.consentedbeen seized for commissariat purposes were deserted heir to a scepter which rules over millions of everyby thecrews, and the junks left in our hands.T h e form of Chrietianitv, symbols of religion and political /• weather is described a s cool and bracing, the ther- organizations which are notoriously-offensive to the mometerstandingat70degreeeintritecabin,andlong membersofanothercreed,andwhich,inoneportiott twilights, similar to Autumn at ho «e. ofthe empire, has repeatedly produced, not onlydie- .From Cbu^an we have, no later intelligence than the cord and heartburning, but riot aud hloodwbed. . . , , ' 12rh of June. The troops had received coders to pro- , I never doubted t h e loyalty o f the iudividuals com- .darkness. Atthempmeutofthecollisiontherew«s a-port;-thevesselseemedtopaynoattention,and here,-andItrustLhavenotbeenwantingiumyeffqrtd musicanddancinggoingonintheforward-cabin.•-•Incfruckusjustforwardofthepaddle-box,larboardside,tobringaboutthispleasing,result!Itispainfultome,velopment.Therefore^theunjustdistrustexcitedbe-ance:Tbirgs,thereseemtohavesettled,down.ThereIdidnotaskthemtosacrificeaprinciple,buttofurlaVgers were the Union Gcard, o f Milwaukee, composingwreck, and got up the for^sa^l, we succeeded in gettinga part of some tw o hundred and fifty excursionist before the wind, aiid stood f^r land. We lost sight of presumptuous o n m y part to judge whether yourfrom that city. A t about half-past two -o'clock tbis the steamer in five minutes after the collision. Grace or his Excellency would o r would not havemonungtheachcoafcfc-AugustayofOswego,camein esteemedthisdeviationasofthatconsequencewhich coiiitioa with t h e Lajdy Elgin, when about ten miles Mr. Beman, second mate, states that at half-past.•£ a it has now assumed.from shore. The ve* tjel struck the steamer a t the mid- .aqnall struck u s ; five minutes more, saw the lights ofships gargway'on tbe larboard side.". The two vessels- There bas.bten much difficulty in arranging satisfac- separated iaetantly, aid. the Augusta drifted t»y in tbe the vessel one point off pjrt bow. I sung o u t hard torily the bite threatening aud Berione state o f afliiixs" 1 thank you for thje manner in which you appre-ciate my efforts to augment tbe prosperity o f Prance.Solely occupied* with the generalv interests of the coun- ceed north. . ; poring the Orange bodv. I,f>ase'dmy appeal to tbem try,Jseornallthatuianofferanobstacletotheirde- FromJapanthereisnointelligenceofanyimport- enthegroundofthatl'ovaltyandoftheirgoodfeeling..\.an instant after tne crnsh all was stih, and in half a n hour the steamer pan^c. I passed ^hrough tbe cabins. •The ladies were paie, but silent. There was not a crytearing off the wheel, and cutting, through the guards therefore, to feel that I have, even unintentionally, failed in discharging my duty in this particular. But itinto the cabin and hull. W e were steering N. W. by is infinitely more painful to'mo to think that your W ., a point to windward. O u r course a t that time Grace should think jbat I have omitted t o communi-was not much trade doing i n imports, but i n exports flair and abstain from an article o f dress. I wished the<$£ some transactions were taking place. Prwce to pee tbem, b u t n o t to give countenance to a ••" •A serious disturbance -ook plawj a t Fnnchau on the eocietv which h a s been disapproved i n t h e mother 22d June between t h e Canton lorcba men a n d t h e country b y t h e Sovereign a n d legislature o f Great .Chinchfw lorcha men. Various causes are assigned, BritAiin. ':.'-..,' .'•. , . . ' o . hutitisrighttopremisethatthesepartiesareoldri- Iamtoldthattheyrepresentthisactofmine-asa. vals.ThesequarrelsamongtheChinesea*enotun- slighttothe-Protestant.religion.Untiltheycanprove.to works of peace. O u r deaiiuies a r e i n o u r o w n frequent on land a s well a s water, and in the district thai the great mfl«P of Englishmen'who are uot Orange- .r ; ( ahriek—-no soanlii but the rush o f tae steam ai-dthe surge of the heavy »ea. Whether tbey wore not was 3ST. W . After striking us, the veseeybung fora cate thismformationlffom any unworthy motive, or.foryond ihe frontiers, as well tie the exaggerated alarms "of telfii-h interests a t home, find me insensible. Noth- ing will make.mc deviate from the path o f moderation and justice which I h-ive t o this d a y pursued, and which maihtainePrancj at that degree of grandeur and prosperity which Providence haa'assigned her in thethe purpose o f compromising h i s Royal Highness moment,andthen,gotclear.Iwentbelowtoseethe Prince ofWales, your Grace, orhis world..Giveyourselvesup.therefore,withconfidencefrancs, including the valuable diamond cross presented- TRIBUNE, of a citizen of California, upon the 7econtby -the Emperor on the occasion o f the baptism o f thePrince. Imperial. .opinion o f Mr. Attorne?-General Black, in the «ase o fture) arid next year visit tlie North of Ireland, where he could not be a party to euch an exhibition without violating the laws o f MB country.Hie Royal Highness .will continue th» route which hasbeenpreparedforhim,butinanyplacewheresim- ilar dt-iuoustrarioiiH are sphered to, a similar course t o that pursued at Kbgstonj will be u k e n . • . •events of 1ho last few days should beat one* and for-ever buried i n oblivion, and nothing remeuiboreu butthe beart-stirriniO' scenes which last night proclaimedto "ho w.irld the unanimcus aud e&thu»iastic loyally otthe City of Toronto, that it is a relief to uty miaritolYelthatIcan,withoutanysacrificeof..dutytothePrinceofWales,accepttheapology.whichJS toConstantinople,havingouboardKurs'chidPasha, pop»lau'.,n. JudgeBlackisevidently.governedbya isimpoEsiblctobelievethattneMembersoftheCorpo- offeredbyyour'letterjust'reseived.fnthisspiritLex-G.oveinortf"BeyrduWwhomFuad.Pash,-aftera raiotwereiLfluencedbysympathywiththe•conduct."•; SYRIA.Advices from Smyrna, of the. I2th, state that thetothemininga>\dotherhidostrieaoftheSt'ite;andthe which1madethemjth ughyou, topresent theadV-SicilianMinistryhasgiven m-bisresignatiou. which "from hisown wishes bythe daring MinistersGeneral D e l Bdsco w a s a t Monteleone, with the Neapolitanforces. ' ,'to support the fatigue of a long campaign. Moreover,they ought to maintain .the constancy which almost al- waysdecidesvictoryduringbattles.Withharshnesscordiallyreceivedbothinthepublicatroetsaadatthethey rxay obtain severe dircip'ine; but. |t is better to b»ll! given h im a t th e City Hall, which he attended obtain it in. a kind manner, and with due/influence. with bis suite. T h e popular feeling in this placeTrue "alor in always the concomitant o f magnanimity.A brave Italian must be macmarcimous with all, and against the Orangemen is very 3trong, and, although aespecially witb those with whom he sojpurne. small band of tbe faithfol, bearing banners and badges,This war of emancipation so nobly commenced b y and led b y the same Major Flannigau, who toojtso you is indebted for its succees to the -heroism and sym- conspicuous a part -in tb e proceedings a t Kingston,came up by the evening train t o prepare a rigorousbolden them by a friendly association. They oughtto ' ire, is the champion of a great religious cause, doing The Saxonia, from New-Y ork, arrived at Southamp- remember, above a l l , that i n t h e recent campaigns staunch battle for a noble principle—which h i s ad-* 't'pcvne were-encamped on shore. The .Mandarins had prohibited the pedple from-supp'ying o u r force? with provislOBB.and a l>>rgenumber ofpeople had proceededjourney. v'.What is tb e facrifice I a»kod th e Orrtugrjmnn t o ' ,make? Merely to abstain from displaying in th e "• inanimate.Renteeopenedfirm-atC8f.25j.,butafter-inland,tobeoutoftheway.Somejunksthaihad presenceofayoungPriuceof19ye«.rjofage,the'wards declined to 68f.! 153., o r 10 centimes lower than on Saturday.The Moniicur publishes tbe speech of the Emperor inreplytotheaddressfromtheCnamberofCommerce of Lycns. His Msjeetjy said: • 'published in another part o f this day's icano o f THEtb* Legbiature, and 1 ask, i n what position Would the Prince be ylaced by my sanction if ho wore now to nasa through SJieh a scene as w a s prepHred for him. (wblob.Accofjjjg toadvicbefromAthens,M,Botaans,the hasbeenleiiutodoingthe gravest injuuice toanold n:,rency of \V illiam the Hid. Nobody can oJ'J^Uo a je- Gr«. k Mijiiatev of War, baa tendered his resignation u \ and well-ee'ahfifrhed interest of his State. The case..r^entatioi., in itself of one of the most ^ f ^ c ^ k vOn the morning of the 7th inst., the-f^amship Ame- ^'^•qT.enceortheKinghavingrefisedtogive/^e itselfisnewunderlitigationiuCalifornia. Messrs. rirA offSawbro,collidedwithaud^unstheBriti«lihavingeral proposition? which h ^ badUnited States in the premises, is s'wionsly detrimontal regret that the Cc-rpor on did not accept the offermitted. Here the Prince landed iu t h e evening, w a eIn his less lofty momenta he is a simple butcher, as w eyou.- -.-'. ' . ;._.'.'Rt y Telegraph.]Thisafternoonhe*laysthefoundation stone for theOFFKINGSTON Sept 5,1860.Order, with numerous flags and banners, and every ac-t /••%%)tffci%H •- ••Untitled DocumentMi-••...Wtmm^m'^ms.- • ••'j.ij-K.W•m^iMm•' '•'-"': •''.'" i:Vi': -. ....-; ,--:fmThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069• ' • < ^fei- • • . . • • • i t:••;••mm •.""i—" gmwww.fultonhistory.com^fW/t>imi^rft'^^^i>m'>'yf^^ii^iiiijuA dispatch from Paljermogiven in oiy fast edition,'Vtaken into Boston.\.• - . 