 \4>r*ofas 9?e- 1*1ie*.>n-bn, we" -ia>mnot tbla- I thatnot.m*-.Ot*for tot£tbe old ung »m9ii-ds), Lpart* (eouic!f.OTTto'OOI>\uei* irope*I rotate- ta & . i k e*ntal >, ancjtha jrabla theIht tha banc* -by sdage* uri i«xecea* J-easoo. shotrhsregas*}). *>*£ jge ob-eae^ • Iwhola jrpul*«o<& aa&that, iraey a£bigbesfcis o£tbe$aa **v ratios*ele* tribe*;'.errac ftan ocyards*cosse*otber. Deviations from mstbematical preoisioo, spondents, in regard to tbe aH absorbing question, which the overtures of the Americans to unite upon a ^have voted with the Democracy.common platform we\~o contemptuously rejected, they f f p speaking tbusri am influenced by no particular• MJt. VAff DYKE TO MR. BUCHANAW. PjfinAi>Kr,rnJA, March 24,1890.$n tbemass* iou the* TO, the, >tt vetjfenee o? battl©- . yards*.Mjbndt;rng ao. .:Jolin C. Frt!moDt....,......,.,l-»7,-i47 )pelves satipliftd with the expulsion of the Radical*; teat tbey will not und>-rt ko to cle*r out tbe Republi- cans, and tbat the diflJcnJty aiay be considered at aaQend. W e are alao assured to«t this will, i all prob%-y rifiec ? tba:& yardr.,. lingao, and&a: caaxge&mean £ simi- year* ves tbea rifle* reater, tee in- •oehet»relied: rLSe4. / they- aaorl^ r.eariy jectory degreebitting 10, a&d by tiw sets.'e gaitf whicb re pro-si .ibnn- mootb- f these iters of inuiao- ieraan- jr»ago, t inda*- iad fartii-boreI* were to have ©m be^ fcy that 1 at 600, [4,<XX>, ,paxi<rfIn the remaining as follows:fthirty-four counties 104,371)0,258 5thevotewas•t>* heavy 1wi|6>r Couneoticuk Tbe great cry of sec- •withtbeotherinererj particular? Bat irregutari- andtoagreaterextentthe-samewouldbesaidagainst.this subjeict, have invariably referred to tbe subject inits political aspects,andasaffectingthemanagementofJntoraalpartypoihics,finally selected to conduct a religious journal f*i Sfe * Louis. In his editorial capacity, he maintained the »•>haxnbJy suggest for the ecnsider*tion of the Conven- tion—Jifor PrtrUcnt, InW AEJ? BATK» of MiMon'i,tion any resolution which bound it to a sectional and Aggressive policy.With a party thus moderate and practical in its aims, any of tbe-candidates who have been named present a-ishould be perferasd by tbe most yearfeot aad sei^aetiog machinery, so as t o tarn oat oseweapoatbe matbemati sal counterpart of tbeCONK'ECTiCUT-.TJaE LESSORbewty good wlHLFrom jour friend, v«ry rwsTWwnnyV• *'THE TWO LOV&JGZ&•Mifr- . ** -*(,•.../iaappreciable Tinder the old sy*t>m, now becamedefeats rendering tbe whole weapoa useJess Tbe President T—more eep^cial-'y as yon have beeu told, B of the same stripe of men aa tbe eowardly crelf |ggg *•ea»erangeattbe*ameefevat»«n,allothercircum-ataacea beiag alke, when noi>e of them i* identical t'onal candidates wcnld be renewed againstr Fremont,payabilities, which,inpoliticalestimates,soeasily mislead.I admit that the people of this'State are strongly in favor of tbe principles of tho Republican party, but amm _*upporttheChicagonominee,behewhohemay, but this cannot with truth besaid of tho other portion. No man named, however, but Gen. Cameron could obtain more than theunitedsupport of thePeople'stostandInthewaftpofthatofficialintercoursewhiohthepublic, inStJLOUU*,Mo.,butsubsequentlyenteredtbeclwpd»v• interests required- ••*..'iourconversaiiors wltb me aswell asyour letters to roe on became an,agent of the Sunday Scbool Union, and wm* 'protective tarhf, and of river and harbor improvements,it may faftly be aske4 what oth«r candidate namedfor Presidential honors is more ur.eqaivjcally commit-t«d te RepabKcan principle. Bat it is said tuat Judge eumed that any candidate will be thought of, whoseBates is bat a recent convert to Repabli sauam. What character and antecedents do not furnish a sufficienttforce csn there be in tbif ? We have existed as a dis-guaranty that the preat principle upon which teat Gov. Corwm, 8enator Cameron, and Speaker Sh* Republican party is founded, i. e., that Slavery. . . . . . ; .tinct orgashu/tion only sioce 1S64, and it is wf«!l knewnPsnningt-oo were each fax befjin'J S^1 *r*rd, Cna*e, and rrancJs P . Blair in entering the &*fpabii<An ranks.. I ' iaenpogh for all true men to know that if Edward Bates be selected aa*our c<»zidjoate and elected, that his Cabinet wi{] be compo-ed of snch men w* Seward, Cor- '•rjn. Banks, Fessenden, and the best talent enlisted in ths cao«e.It must not be forgotten by the delesrates to the Chi- cago Convention that tbe c*nva*s of 1860 will not be confined to the election of President and Vice-Presi- dent only, but that the political character of the next Congress will also be detertn^ed at, the coming elec tions. One hundred and thirty-five members of theshall not be extended over the public Territory, will be frjlly carried out, uud*,r his administration: but while the calm and considerate men who founded that party insist upon thif, tbey do not require any evidence of a spirit o; acuve hostility againfit Slavery, as it is found uxisticp in the several Sea es. Their platform is what it wfcs. at the begirniug—the effiicieot action of Con- >rre?eonal legislation to prevent Slavery in the Ter- ritorj of *Jbe United S'atee, and non-interference with cbe e>stem in the States where it is already estab- lished.The phrases " higher law" and " irrepressible con- flict" find no p'ace in that platform; and, however true they mj*y be as abetr**ct propositions, they form no fart of ita practi3il creed. If ioTusfed with power,counties in theState. In thirty of these—viz.: the counties of Adams, tration, tor nearly one year previous to that appointmentcorrespondent, wbo informed him tbut the rumor prob- ably originated in a playful and exaggerated account be bad given, in tbe presence of some gentleman from tbe North, of the appearance of a strange venael near the port of Jacksonville, wbicb vessel, however, did not even land, although a boat was sent ashore to ascertain, as was believed, its position, upon return of which it n/;ain put ou'. to &ta.The Marshal could find no o'ber foundation for the report, and.he is fherefo/e of tbe opini* n tbat your in- formant, Mr. Dor brow; was misled as suggested by Lieut. Murrey. *This is doubtless the true explanation of the whole matter- lI have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,J. THOMl'aOJN, Secretary^ H^on. WM. H. SXWABI), United States Senate.preaeot House are to b« elected th>«> Autamn from theFree States alore. Of theas 103 are Republicans, 8Anti-Ijocompton Democrat*, 1 American, and 2^3 Dem-ocrats in the present Con^ivs*. Tneee proportions, at v.he RepnbliCin party wiil look for no " higher law" least, moat be pretjer^ed to give u* tn<s H^cendaacyJohn C. Fremont JWUlard FilJmore James Buchanan.n i >;<x>I W ' 5 ^ elective government. And in justification o' my couree 1 havem the new Congrm*; and tbe Convea»'.ion shouldweigh well this consideration in tbe selection of ourstandard-bearer. So, also, in regard to the Republic*!) Tig, it ^ill never sanction any hostile interference by ascendency in tbe United 5»ate« Seoate, waich will he Federal Government with a subject wisely in-from Lis position. Aga;uthe Ibb ar,rempt'.-d to swallow half of the vote of the State was cast, and that in these This hsis been heretofoie the cause of diversity of opinion be- NEGRO BURNING AT THE SOUTH. the- hecb, ibis time t-»il firot; but tbe wily worm fast-also depend apon tbe decision of the Convention trosied by tbe Constitution to the care of the State There are already 26 Re^nbbcan Stfuaions cho«en; Gto^ernmente. This view has already been formallyMr. Fillmore received tti.ie-tenths of his entire vote in tween the Collector and myself. An ndditionul cause Has arisen the State; while Col. Fiomont did not reach even one- witbinashort time, which, being now fresh, appears to be the principal motter of complaint I refer to tae faet that, witnia a tkird of the vote given for him in the. State. In the few werks, when the subject was brought to my noiice by a remaining thirty-four counties, Col. Fremont had citizen of fhiliidelpblii, 1 expressed my disanprooation of tho 13,500 majority over Buchanan, but that was not conduct ofthe Collector of tho Port (if correctly reported to me), enough to overcome the enormous majority in the in paying to persons professedly employed in the revesue ser- i vice larpe salaties out of the public treasury, when it is sai 1 that sueh persons notoriously do not discharge tbe duties of their ao-To Vie Editor of The A". Y. Tribune.SIR: 9n the iSfch of August laet, I saw a negroburg by a mob, in Sprir/gfield, Mo. The cause of ibe lynching was an outrage committed upon tbe person of a lady residing near that city. On tbe same even- ing, a member of the Missouri Legislature, residiog in Springfield, informed me that five yeurs before he saw two negroes barned at tbe stake, in Jasper, one of tbe western counties of that State. He gave me full details of the ullkir, aeserting that mauy tUvea were brought in from the adjacent country to witness it; tbat the victims eeemed to lose their consciousness immediately after tbe llames struck their faces, &c. I have every reason to believe that my informant is . a reliable gentlemen, and will cheerfully furnish hisened himself outside of he enem> 's mouthv and bid to be dielod^ed by arepstition of th« bio wing dodge. The s rugule la«ti-d for more touu a week, anc at Ust tbo lith succeeded in getting the leech down, wbcoat he manifested his satisfaction by a eeries ef inei'p'icable curvet*. But a'a« ! the exultation of tbe finny victor was brief, for the next morning found Mr. Sunti«h floating sidftwbe upon tiro eur-fu^e of t(:e wa'er—dead.. Tae b oodsucker had triumphed, even-in death, and left no Jiving foe. , [Columbus S".*teemau.THE CHICAGO LTOHT-HOUSE.— The N. Y. Times Washington co>ret-poudent siys: " There is a prospect of another Committee of luvectig^tiou in tbe matter of tae Chicago Ligbt-Houee appropriation of the list Cor grc-s givr'g $^5,000 for tbe protection and reoairs ofthe ligbt-boUKO nitd piers atth*tport. Mr Cobb, Secretary of ibe Tri-bsury, cur.ng the laet Summer,has expended §25;OC0 upon the light-house ITi ihea refused to pay thn rerouider, and it is believed that tbe money has been used for other purposes. A<:cordiugly, a resolution was put through bjth Houses, instructing bim to psy over the remaining $60,000 for the protec- tion of the piers, which are so decayed tbat in a short^iid K«a>8BS 2, Ba»"BK 28 l^aviug necessary the elec- »oopteo by the Republican party in thi3 State.tion of <Sadditional Republicans, which we can obtain, Both at Auburu ax.d at S^r-.case, in the formation ofviz: New-Jeruey 1, Pennsylvania I, Indiana 2, Slume- sotA 1, acid Oreftoa 1—in all 34, giving the^Vrtce-Pre«n- dent elect tbe casting vote in the Senate.;he party, attemots were made to make it a^greseive in ite action on the subject, of Slavery, but they did not meet with the approbation of"the conventions; andthirty counties named.Now, let us look at the result for Auditor-General pointment, but either devote their time to other business callIt will depend upon tbe decision of our National Con- &ven a resolution that BII constitutional measures shouldat the October election in 1859. In the same thirty nuts,'or °re engaged in the disoburgo of other public duties prop- erjy ccmpen?;ittjd lor at r. lower rate of salary. Thid 1 have con- counties, giving so large a Democratic majority in sidered to be in direct violation of law and Treasury regulations, 1856, and where Mr. Fillmore received nine-tenth* of a*d as subjecting all wbo were knowingly concerned in it to cen-his entire vote, and Col. Fremont not one-third of his, sure. 1 ht've condemned it, therefore, in csmpliunce with my official obligation to the Government, and with th-> confident ba- Thomas E. Coohran, the People's candidate, had a lief tbat my conduct in such matter would meet the approval ofmajority of 6,729 over the Democratic candidate, while the country and tbe Government.his majority ia the remaining counties was only 10,562. 1 have OIBO to state that in October, 1859,1 frankly iuformedThus, we have these glaring and unmistakable facts yon that if my course in all matters of party issues, though hos- presented to our view, in comparing the result of the tile to the dictation of tbe Collector ofthe Port, wan hot ap- proved by yon, 1 could not longer continue in office, ^ou at that State election lafct October with*that for the Presidency time informed me that there was nothing that had occurred tovention whether we shall have a complete aad beneii-<-ent triumph In the coociog election, thus p acing theoe as opted for the extirpation of Slavery, was opposed and rejected. Formed to rescue ths Federal Govern-RepuWican party on a broad, national bas^s, or, by theselection of improper candidates, •naTain a sijena! ment Ucux the slave interest, which was ontirely scc-defeat. As a member of the groat Republican party, I rional, and had become aguressive, it refused to sanc-For ric9-I*rerid*nt JOHW *L KKAD of fronrrhraola,confidently believing that this ticket would be tri- proper stanaard bearer. If Mr. Seward's friends inin November. 1*56:GAIN "/ the Psoplc't Party in the Thirty,28,502 1 said was Impossible. It is also for this reason that the cause 30,231 now given for,my removal is to me tbe more unaccountable; for since then nothing has occurred to change mv official relations Loss of the People'* Party in the Thirty-four Countie*. with the officers at Philadelphia, except it be*that arisiDg from Vote of Fremont and Fillmore over Buchanan in '56.22,678 my official notice of the report of improper payment of salariesumphantly elected.p9V0Ak+ip4*, V. Y., Aprfl 12, 18SS.J- u. a.this State did not join the Republican organization au- di its success had become an aseured fact, acd if Mr. Bates's frieode in Missouri did not m'ike a Republican tfcsue there nntii it could be done without discrediting the cause, shon'd they be deemed I c s worthy than Chase Banks, Wade, and others, who rallied roundlessen your conhdence, or to cause yon to d*-»ire a change; but, Cotmtie: on the contrary, yourwiuu wai tbat I would continue In posi- ,..'. 6,729 tion ; at the same time expressing a de«ire that I should be on friendly pergonal snd politicul relations with the Collector, whicUGOV. SEW ARD IN MASSACHUSETTS.Cincinnati'Ohio, April 13, 18C0.T» (ft« JUdtor if The N. Y. TrQnme.Six: H O W silly some people appeaa^in being so the standard as soon as it was unfurled, and have ad-IRISH EMIGRATION TO AMERICA.—The Dublin cor- tim» tbey will be wo.th nothing at arl. Mr. Cobbhered to it with a spirit and iiruruess deserving of all skinned at the remit of the Rhode Island.election! honor ? Th^se questions as *o the date of a man's ac-Cochran'* majority in 1839 Total gain In the State...Cochran'» majority in the iitato Buchplan's majority10,562—12,115 by Ihe Collector, to which 1 h&vo alluded, and in regard to which J have expressed my opinion, that upon information properlyresjondent of The London Times, under date of April .2, writes:" For nearly two years or so it w;as generally sup- posed that tbe exodn* of the Iri«h .peasantry was ac- coiDplibhed, and tbat until another generation arosefailed to comply with line b>structh>a,.aod Hr. Clay, after tbe interrerence of the President, moved and ob- tained a reconsideration of tbe whole matter in the Senate. Mr, Farnsworth, the representative of that city, says be can prove all tbe^e things, aud desires to ma*e a move upon it iu the House. Mewrs. DouglasTbey are like a flock of sheep startled by the skippingof ayoasghunb. This b courting defeat. I ha/e Convention. The only questions worthy of considera-18,116 .17,252824laid, no District-Attorney could refuse to entertain a prosecution. 1 have already written to the proper Department for information; but whether tbe charge is sn»tained by ail tho facts,. I hu've not been able to say, the informant not having pressed a further in- vestigation.ression to our ranks should not have any weight in the found scarcely a Republican who does not prefer tion are, first, Is be poes/eseed of the qualities of relia-:^ Seward ior our n*xt Presidential candidate. Still, bility, public bor-or, and freedom from selfish motives, w>that the country can feel assured that he will adhere # taatry fear he is not generally populsr. Everybody :n good failh to the avowed principles or platform oftil parts of the country, Nortuand West, and the result any professions of Republican principles although ac-«f my observation is as stated ab>ve. Now, it is ose- companied by more tears than John*Tyler shed for Clay's defeat at Harrisburg. The next question is,ffess to think of reconciling conservatism. Its union can the various elements necessary to success be con- >Uh as will be on*y on condition of fat ruling, which centrate d in bis support ? This involves an examina- >ou!d only work the rain aad demoralization of our tion of the position of ibe Republican part} in"*thoseJarvr. If wo cannot elect our choice for President on States where we may expect success. In the Eastern «e strength of our principles this time, let us w,*it States, and in all the Western Slates* except Illinoisastiently until we can, thus showing the pun;y of our and Indiana, the Republican ascendancy is with reas-•tentions, and the final resolt will be a strong and vio- onable effort'secure; and, in Illinois and Indiana, with^Scus party, whose movements shall not be governed the exception of some preferences naturally given, tohJwajLibifity of canoitfates. but by principles, laid, Western candidates, success may be attained with anyThese facts prove that tho redemption cf Pennsylvania from the thraldom of the Democracy was broughtHaving made this statement, with tho view of -placing the have oniy to add that all the pupers and documents in mv pos-we fcbou'd hear no more oi that marvelous decreas** in and Troxaboll propose to do tho same thing in the Sen-'Who in tbe Btronge&t man for Republican cancidase/or Jiat with ejther Sewuj-ti, Frfcmont, or any of the otherawere induced, at the hv'st election, to demonstrate, byselecting from the Rej.uvMican and Democratic tickets,personal preferences for Gen. Cameron, who is the almoBt nnammpns choice of the People's Party of thestance* attendtnp; the death of his brother at the "•^•» exhibited their true characters in tbe House on flU.''wffL *ftaaded apon loading bj tbe breech, aosence of 8iR: As the columns of your paper are open for the as a machine to carry out the jobbing legislation of anyaoadage, and perfect work maosbip—*the Armstrong system aad that of Wbitwortb.people to express their choice of men for President, political managers, and the scenes now transpiring atand give reasons for their convictions that A. B. or C. the Capitol, have produced among them a strong feel- ing of distrust in its management,' which does not in-fore the Covcde Investigating Committee at Washing- ton. Certain correspondence, supposed to have passed between him and Mr. Buchanan, was desired. The following examination preceded the delivery of theTo tiie Editor of The N. Y. Triburte.SIR: Tbe marriage of Jerome Bonaparte with Miss Paterson of Baiiimore was not protected by the laws of the French Eepublic, afterward ihe laws of. tbe French Empire.The articles 170 and 171, book I, let vol.,' chap ii. oftbe Civil Code, decreed March 11, and publiehed March21,1803 eay: ;" A marriage contracted Ina foreign country between a French- man and one of foreign birth, Becomes 1-uvful vr+en per^rmed ucc.orcing to the f^rnus and riL*» u*ed there; provided, ifwaa preceded by tbe publications prescribed lo/deredl br tde article f3, and rhat th* native Fr*ncn person 614 not violafe the di^posji- tions concerninp the elvi! statuten enntuerated in the article. Fustber, that in three months after the return of the Krenctuaaan to b>« connrxy, tbe act of marrtasre performed in n foreign coun- try i* to bo inscrllfd 1nro tb* puhlii record of matrimonies, kept in tho place of his domicile-"The articles of tb«*civil code legulating tbe marriage rof children, contracted without tbe permi-eion of pa- rente, or grand-parent?, orfamily, are positive. Thus, a eon who has not.full twenty-five years cannot marry without the pennipsion of hie parent*, or legal guardi- ans. Jerome Bonaparte was scarcely twenty years old when he contracted the maniige in Baltimore. Even when at the a^e o« twenty-five }eare, before conclud- ing a marriage, various l?gal proceedings, such as the respectful summouingof parents, eta, are obligatory before euch a marriage becomes legal in the eye of thelaw.Jerome Bonaparte did not conform to any of thesevarious regulations of the Corte, and moat probably he cid not, and coultf not, fulfill c h e r regulations of the law concerning the civil act of marriage. Neither was the law oleer^od in regulating, ae must be done in thosome of his friends took shelter, ready to defend it against the expected attack. The mob assembled tfee'•same night and fired upon the building, but failbaf |s>^dislodge the occupants, tbey attemptempted to set lire tewent out to prevent *?"» warehouse. Mr. Lovejoy wen)tbem, when he was shot dead, pierced with three baek- shot.Mr. Lovejoy left a wife and three children. Mrs. Lovejoy stood by him nobly in his trials, and partsW* larly dnring a brutal assault upon him previous te ifcs>~ fatal affray at Alton. When Lovejoy's mother learned , the iidjngs of his death, she exclaimed, " It is woIL I had rather he should fall a martyr to his <prove recreant to his principles." :, :• ivv i SOUTHERN COUBTEKUCS.—-Miss Phebe Davis, awoman usually resting in Syracuse, has for some yeara,g**inea such a liviug as she could by selling a Brazil book written by beri»elf. In tbe prosecution of this employment she bao traveled about the country^ aaotf not long since found herself in. Charleston, SouthCarolina As soon a« it was discovered that she went fr<-m Syracuse, tbe alarm was given tbat she was circulating incendiiry documents- She at once offered ber book for examination, and a cartful in«pactio*v could not detect a wojd about Slavery, direct ox incirect. But she wa» from tbe North, aud there- fore she was arrested and confined in the cell of a prison an entire ni^ht ; though »he was atsored tbat. vhe would oe treated with as mack propriety >s tbe circoms'tri>ces wocld allow, she was yet expoeed to constant aUnn from tbe neighborhood of tbe criminalp in tbe*ame jail. In the morning, the M»yor took trie he? s of Miss Davi«'s trunk, and uatis- lieO himself by a pergonal ^xamiration that it coo- tamed nothing incerdiary. Ttien he returned to Mies Davis, said to ber that her book wonld not sell in that region, and dbebarged her from custody, assuring her tbat tbe matter sfconld not be punished. Nevertheless, on her arrive! in Richmond, she found in Tlie Dispatch the following pa^agr^ph:" I s Cbarbeton, S. C , T^ursrlay. a Miss P . B. Da- vis, fn m Syracuse, N. Y., «a« arretted for havmg in ber poes^etiou incendiary Uocumeutis, for wb cb siie nad been Meiit off from Kmgg>ld. Ga., and Opelika, Ala. She bad bten as far wetitTas Mississippi."Tbn- erH<>ment was t*.lt*> in most of its particulars, ebe having never been at tbe places mentioned. Toe effect of the puTityrapb, however, was to close the South against Mite Davis, and she retained home to Syracnse.I. m •'AN IwmcNANT MOTHER.—A correspondent of TheBoston Traveller writes tnat on Tflursday eveuing a man in Wo burn, Mite , who bad enticed away and ruined a young girj, was met on tbe street by the mother, who flogged him with a cowniie till hs ran, then pursued bim, and continued the castigation till,thewhip was broken.The Commonwealth is a hnndfome newspaper, p*blhhed weekly at Dm Moines, Iowa, by W. H. Hoxie & Co. It is decidedly Keyublicau in politics, and is conducted with commendable ability. /We wish it a.1 poteible euccess.t. *T• THE PBESIDEJS CY.BA TES AND EEAD.crease eur political strength. I feel, therefore, that New-York must be ranked with New-Jersey and Penn-TB the Editor iff The N. Y. Tribtm*.tiat be ahonld receive the nomination of the Chicago Convention, because I beiieve he would fail to secure thousands of votes which might be secured for others. If Mr. Seward, or any one we'l known as a Radical Republican, is nominated, a third ticket will surely beand that the Chicago Convention in presenting a can- didate must select one who can bring about a cordial cooperation of those elements'in his support to secure the votes of the three middle States. Their united vote is necessary to our success, and the essential inquiry is, wbo amoDg the prominent candidates already named,is best fittted to secure it ?A fiErUBLICAN FROM THE STAHT.WHO CAN CARRY PENNSYLVANIA ?To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune :SIR: What nomination can the Chicago Conven-Chairman—In your former examination you stated that if you had any conversation or correspondence with tbe President, prior to the month of March, 1860 it was of a.private and confidential character. Will you state whether you have had any conversation.or correspondence with him since that time ?WitntBB—I have, Sir.Chairman—Was that correspondence of a private and confidential character ?Witness—The first letter was, but the injunction of secresy was removed at my request.Chairman—Was there anything contained in that correspondence of a nature that in your^ opinion it would be improper to reveal on,tbe ground of public policy, or which can be classed in the category of privi-Six:, It is evident that tbe Presidential canyass ofI860 wiS b« without a parallel m oar sacioaal history,aad I deem :t of the greatest importance that the R*-pnbScans throughout the coaotry. shoald take a carefcu on the field, asd in tbe doubful or *• Pivotal States,"rsnriew of their strength in the several States, in orderthat we may safely rely upon obtaining electoral votesenough to secure the victory. There U notiing moredangerous than over-confidence; and certain it ia thatsnoo^h of Opposition votes will be cast for it to make vhe election of a Sbam-Democrat an easv victory.I like tbe firm of McLean &, BelL They are well known as true men. Their ability, experience, states- roanf hip, and patriotism cannot be called in question.. They would be free from the charge of ultraUm,Hartford, Conn, April 13, 1860.TBESLAVE-TRADEINFLORIDA.PERSONAL PREFERENCES SHOULD NOT GOVERN.geants; because they will not regard his nomination as of binding obligation upon them, and will only support him in case be be acceptable to th-m.such open and inveterate hostility us to forbid all pe.sonui and official intercourse with each other," and that for this reason it ha*been finally resolved to-make a change, in accordance wito. tbe views cf tbe Sfrretary of th«j Treasury, tho Secretary of theThe following letter has been communicated to TnK TRiBrjjra for publication:DEPARTMENT OF T«K INTERIOR, April 11,I860. SIR: Tbe l*tter addressed by you co the President on the 7th ultimo in relation to tbe supposed landing of 1,100 Africans on tho coaet of Florida, in FebruarySIP: After rear;ing the communications lately pub- lished in TKX TRIBUNE on the choice of a Presidential candidate, it se^ros to me.taat the subject should be con- sidered in another point of view. The writers haveThe following comparison of the vote at the Presi- interior, and the Attorney General. I regret tbat your letter iserences, or their estimate of their favorite candidatesty, who do not recognize xhe Chicago nomination as of binding ob^gation upon tbem:hut you will, 1 trrmt, excuse me in not all ^wing the iinpro>i»ioii to ?o abroad that ihle ohange is required, because the personal and political relations existing between the Collector of the 1 Port and myself have ever prevented, on my part, the proper discharge of otl'jiol duties, or tnat such relations have in any way4trength in a particular locality. should not have much weight.Such considerations It is not to be pre-FOR PRlSKinKNT, IS 1856. JarocuBuclianMi....220,500220 676 conflicted with the public interests. Tbat such a ch'ioge is nottions.Yeeterday a communication was received from tbatofficer, in which he etates he is satisfied, after the mostcareful and thorough investigation, tbat there is non the administration of tbe Government than the Con- stitntion formeO for its adminiatratiou; and, although *li diverse systems of latx^r are in some senee conflict-Majority over Xffuch&n&u...».....••..'.....,...........ties, giving a Democrat-is.-, majority of 23,502, over one- Pederal pationaae in this State.jpiW-YvORK DAILY miBOTiil|$!^^trol of the S\ &te Government, the vote at the polls has S K B F S S 8*8 S e a t e d as.theohoice of the party, .,pretest moment entertain n#•<W^*.<'$.'Wants Seward, but everybody thinks that everybody«lsedon't want him. I have conversed with mna from TnefeO furnish a bet?6r guaranty of his fidelity than made UP the losd of 12,115 in the Republican counties, to my successor as soon as ho may be deisiauated und duly iiuali-the party which m»kes him its candidate.nine-tenths of his support in 1856. They not only session, belonging to the United States, will be ready for delivery rfstatistics have dissipated that idea, aad their tru'hful- neps has been corroborated by the acoounfs which have come from the provinces uince tbe opening of the emi- gretion season. Advices from Cork of Saturday's date state that on the previous day upwaH of 300 pas- sengers were embarked at Qu«*enstown, for New-York, on ooard the E^iuburg. by the local agents, Messrs, C. and W. D. Seymour & Co. Tbe Rlebsrs. Scott also embarked a lar«e number of passengers in the Anglo- Suxun for Portland. The emigrant* were, many of tbem. attended as far as Queeustown by their relatives and friends, and tbe scene presented on the piers and qusys as tbey parted was one of /.• reat aniooa;iou ana inteiest. From tbe port of Sligo it is stated that dur- ing the past month there has been a reguUr flight of emigrants from the woat of Ireland. Ou Friday nearly 200 emigrants passed through Sligo for America by way of Liverpocl, not to speak of tnose going by Qaf- way. The great majority of them were from Bvlmul- let, in the County ot Mayo. A considerable numberd«ep £2n firm in the hearts of the people. Bat I be- canoidatee selected by the Convention. Tho real difh dence. They do not ask the Republican party to pass me from addressing you at an earlier pericd, and this althouahh**t w e ©a© elect oar choice. Don't let as show the colty is in the three Middle States—New-York, New-*ub« feather jast on the eve of battle. Theavaila- Jeney, and Pennsylvania. There exist* here an element"«% plan is a'l gammon, and it will prove, as it al- which cannot be overlooked. In New-Jersey and][^*>s has in the long run, a suicidal policy. Give us a Pennsylvania, the last Presidential election, and thoseyoar official superiors in the different Departments were long outride of its organization for a candidate to suit their since ol opinion that the public interests required such a change. own peculiar views. Let tho Republican party, at J had hoped, although ahuo»t against hope, whoa I la»t soli- Chicago, nominate one of its own men, who will yet cited you to remain in office, that your personal regard for my- be able to command the entire Bupport of the self if nothing else, would «v<mtuaDy induce you to modify your hostility against the Collector to such a degree as to induce you People's Party, and we Bhrdl have a fair and reasonable to hold personal und official intercourse with him concerning hope of success in the State. Let it be the maU whose your respective public duties. Had this been the case 'it ia all T identification with the Republican party is unques- should ever have required. In this hope I am lorry to say I havo1rttoaoaofthe century, and you shall see that " A t last, out the cordial coSperation of the Americans, the Re-S S S S ?represents the hforth on tbe great quee- transpiring since, have established the fact that, with-*«»»a^orth.'' s. ***»»Aidli*,iaia.«.publicanseannot hope for success.Ia New-York, though the Republicans have the con-tioned, whom the People's State Convention, by a votebeen entirely disappointed.1 shall part with yon with deep and sincere regret, aad at theemigration (sayB a local paper) has set in in right ear- neat from the western province."Salem Mass., banks on Monday, in deposit, by a persaa who bad been dsotived in taking iuhitherto been \*° divided between the three parties that aad he wiH yet produce a still greaterrevbttttioh; aud hibited a clear mx.j ^nty over the other two parties, but gggggjf «>'he willaotonly unite its entiresupport, butV0pm*&&'.MT DEAU Sra: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt on tbe ?lst inst , of your letter under date the 19th inst.Before receiving yoar'communication of the 14th inst, 1 had been ihrnished with no intimation from yourself personally, orfrom Th*ToledojMioV,The recent Bpeaeb of Hon. Owon Lovejoy oflHfagNr^and the attempt made by the Bemoerata to iatiiwatm'* and bully him into M'lence, have recalled tbe «*£****£SIR: Kow- that onr jState election is over, I feel in-clined to put in a word among yonr numerous corre- only a large pluraVtv, and by the indiscreet manner ia f*e<pe thousands of votes from men who hitherto«SfcSstt- 'ftee ia manafscture which at 800 yards produce dif Seward. During tbe late catmws in this State, the coveioerabie portion of them are also strongly moved by Party, and it is by no means certain that that will suf- in which I have always considered every citizen fairy competent right of an American citizen to free discuseios; aesi Ifice to carry the State at the next election. The De- to judge otblM own coarse without the assistance of a Collector <xeat and chief topic of the Democratic ep »akers was the arrogant mterference of foreigners, a* such with of Customs This was especially the esse in our last conversation our domestic politics, and the abuse of the elective .mocracy are. thoroughly united in support of their can- to which you hove referred, and in which you will no doubt apon <>£ahundred yards in raoge. How, then, can such lioar>8 as Abolitionists; an<! had^it not been for the franchise, growing out of such interference. didate *or Governor, and in all likelihood will be in reflection remember tbat official duties and relations vrt>n notpopularity and conservatism of Gov* Buckingham, A sincere and honest" effort - to remedy that abuse support of .the Charleston nominee, especially if i t be, , mentioned. Y our only request at that time was, that I wonld guns be expected to be true at long ranges ? as is probable, a new man. To guard against well- not Interiere with the Cdllec^r in bis management of the then mjfcht have succeeded. would have brought nearly all of that mode of think- approaching campaign, to elect delegates to our State Convention, To reeapitalate; tbe Freocb rifled guns are There is on this point an instructive lesson from the ing into the Republican ranks. No such effort has founded apprehensions of the result in the State, and called for the purpose of nominating a Governor, and sendingwhen a free colored man was burned to death near S*. • Louis, he rebaked tbe savage outrage in such term* ae » it deeerved; and for this he was driven oat of the Stale » of Missouri.He next established himself at Alton, Illinois aa* 1 began tbe publication of a paper called The dfUmt;* Ovstrvcr. In this joarnal he avowed his oppesttiosst t to the STstem of Slavery, and published a long eacpessV r tion of bis views on tbe subject. Being on the M M t of a Slave State, hie words raised a storm of popular fury, and three times his office was demolished sssi Ihis prees destroyed; but his friends promptly came to ' his assistance, and replaced the property of whJoklt '<-cut mien had robbed him. in violation of law aadimtad, becaase they must have windage; because recent elections in this Sta-e and Rhode Island, and, I been made, and ^n element of discord and weakness make certain of. success, there is but one safe course delegates to the Charleston National Convention. And the onlyteey require, comparatively, great ele^ationj, anddoubt not, wjlf have its iuflaence at Chicago. has been euflored to exist, which a more wise and gen- for the Chicago Convention to pursue, and that is the occasion in -which 1 ever bad any intercourse with any other One indicated by our State Convention in the selection member ofthe Administration touching this matter was in J858,Now, VWho ie the man to win ?" who will not only erous policy would have udded to our strength. I am of the candidate. Let others allow their judgments to when the Attorney-General, in conversation. Informed mo, tbatjbecaose their wo^kmaaJ»bip is not at all up to tbe take the votes of etraigh'. Republicans, but also that therefore compelled to regard New-York as one of the In his opinion theigood of the party required union and conceit large class of conservative men in every Siate who States where success depends upon the cordial co- be bunded by personal prejudices, and inform you and of action amongell the Federal officers. This conversation re- iwqairemeiits of riij«d long-range guns. They must your readers, if they will, that such is not the political ferred only to unity in the management of internal party politics;bave cut themselves loose from party lines, ready to go operation of the Americans with tho Republicans, aud condition of things in this State, I am sure the almost and bad special J eferenco to the judicial nominating convention. soon be superceded by differ* ut constructions, or for Republican principles and a man free from the seme regard must be had to that consideration in the unanimous action of the People's Party of the State The tenor of MB conversation was to secure a oomplet* combina-they will reduce theFrench artallery practice to tbe iharge of sectionalism. Such a man is Ed ward Bates selection of a candidate. I know that any doubt as totion among the Federal officers, •fa character which did not re- has too clearly and unmistakably indicated its sense of ceive my approval, tor \ have always regarded such combinationsia detail, as they gave us, thereby, an opportunity any of those now proposed.monstrated that tbey held the balance of power; and vention to make certain of the electoral vote of Pena- whom I have acted, requires me to say this much: and I do itof explaining the chief principle* of rifl<,J ^da&nce. Ia a concluding article we thaU coos ddf the twoACONNECTICUT DELEGA TENATIONAL WHIG CONVENTION OP 1852.CONNECTICU T—MODER ATIOX.tbat the jobbing legislation in both Houses at Albany,- Bylvania. this Winter, in which promiaent Republicanshave bee£. PJENN.CORRUPTIONS.with no other desire thanto place myself correctly before you ondthem. *;.'•••With the assurance that I reciprocate your expressions of per- -sonal good feeling. Sw^I am. Sir, yonr friend, very respectfully.-•}••• * JAM.%8 C. VAN DTKB;To his BxceUenoy JASIKS BPCHANAN, Presidentsystems proposed,toataag for superiorit>—#y»iew« both of winch aretoo conspicuous, have not tended to increase our politi- cal strength in the State. The considerate aud thoughJ- fol men who abandoned their former political associa- tions to form tbe Republican party, never intended itTHEADMINIS7RATIOJSJwhich in Eogland \ r e iiov? con-of Mi8eonti—ra man of high ability, a leading and long- the vote of this State will be ridiculed as savoring ofdanger, and mode of escape therefrom, for either you «s in conflict with tbe doctrine of State Rights as interpreted Wy tice. Tbe publication of The Observer was ifcewfi^ *Worst ia Europe.| W e have porposely examined these guns a little Give us Edward Bates, and we can give you Con- in ali general elections we have hitherto only had a. be pursued at Chicago, if it be the design of the Con- would be derogatory to every feeling of self-respectknown Western statesman, oi unsullied reputation. unwise timidity; but we must not ignore the facts, that Or your readers to misapprehend the course that should* the Democratic Party, and have believed that to unite ia them necticut and Rhode Island by a larger vote than for plurality; (hat at tho last election the Americans de- . I regret that the duty 1 owe to myself and t i those friends withresumed.In November, 1837, Mr. Lovejoy's press hrrinyr been recently destroyed and a new one ordered, »*> meeting was called, ostensibly for tbe purpose at *l* laying excitement, but re&lly to intinud«te the boht advocate of free speech. Mr. Lovejoy appeared at this meeting, and, in a brilliant and manlySeech, defended the freedom of conscience* aad e liberty of the press. Soon after, hia press **• rived, and on the 7th of November, 1837, it wasTo th* Editor <xfThe N. Y. Tribune.. On Thursday, J. C. Van Dyke, late U. S. DistrictAttorney of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, was be- THE AMERICAN BONA PARTES. lodged In a stone warehouse, where Mr. Lovejoy andTOwould command the heaviest vote, permit me to saythat while I have been in the main a " Seward man,"and would like to see him President, believing there sylvania, as States whoie all the elements of oppositionare few so capable as he, I do not believe it is best to the Admistration, must be united to insure success, letters:ix the Republicans expect to obtain so decided a saccesein the Free States, in the co%in^ contest, as in 1856, which would be persistently rung against some other tion make that will most certainly Eecui'S Pennsyl--the bop© will prove a vain one. Y e; we cau and we talked-of-cand'datee—charges which -though false, vania 1 Can her electoral vote be safely relied upon leged communications.would have the effect to drive away thousands of for any man that may be nominated by that body ? Witness—Taking the correspondence as a whole, I umst secure tbe 114 e'ostorat votes given for Fremont, votes. These men would secure tbe votes of " Ameri- These and many other questions like them are daily do not think there is.though it cannot be d sgnieed iba' Connecticut is f*r •ans," '* Cootervative*," " Union. Men," and " OldChairman—Does that correspondence relate in any asked in private conversation, and propounded in the manner to your removal from office, or to the combi-Whigs," while it is difficult to conceive how any Re- ham's majority of 600 wi 1 prove a more permanent publican wb<> seeks -practical result* can object toIroro bemtr s*fe. I trae*, however, that Gov. BackingcolumnB of public journals.nation among the Federal officers in your State for po- litical purposes ?benefit than if*it bad exceedea five fimes that number- T o be forewarned ia to be forearmed.f.b«m. Mr. Bell has fought with the Refhbl'.Ciuis upon the most prominent questions dividing them from theThere is, in my judgment, only one mode of arrivingat an intelligent and satisfactory conclusion on the , Witness—It relates altogether to those subjects. •In reference to canaidat*>p ^or the Presidency in this other party tbe na*t few years. And who doubis thatiwctaion, Gov. Seward ba» a ver» decided maj >rif.y, and hwd Judge McLean been in Congress the past sixif bi« election could be rendered at all probable, the years; bis voice and vote would cave been against theTnraaber of bia snpportere wuu d be la'gely increased. repeal of the Missouri Compjomise, and against tho3Bot principles, not mfcD, i* tb* b-»a«on lijcht by ^hioh Lecompton Constitution, and wkh the Republicansthe deliberations of the Cbic-»^o Convention 3hould b* on exery essential question ? Would not their in-&rdd«d in selecting a candidate who c-in obt-<un the fluence be in behalf of the Constitutional rights ofxHectorai votes of"Penntfvlviiii*. Naw-Jerdey, Indiana, »v&ry section of tbe countrj ? And who but " ex-and Illinois. Acdin# alinnetK>t>». to "tb* Republican tremists," North or South, is not content with that ?column, gives ns 118 votes, whi*h, with Pennsylvanis, Ibey would form the bead of an Administration whichsubject. The real condition of political affairs in the State must be fully understood and appreciated to formChairman—Have you any objections to furnishing this Committee with a copy of that correspondence ?would command confidence and respect, both at home «nd abroad.Chicago to insure their success, and have clearly and •unmistakably indicated, in various forms, the means necessary to mi»ke their success certain. Let the People's Delegation, when they come to Chicago, be asked their opinion, and they will, with united voice, proclaim that the nomination of General Cameron willChairman—Have you a copy of it with j*ou? Witness—I have it not with me.Chairman—Can you get a copy of it ?Witness—I can, by going to my hotel. Chairman—Then the Commiciee will have to askyou to furnish them with a copy.I WitnesE—If the Committee insist upon ita question, Iand New-Jer»«jy, elects oar candidates. Or. shouldyew-Jcxsey acd Cotnecticut be luai, Indiana wouldcavstKi, having Illinois ''n reserve Having closelycanvassed New-Jersoy ar>d Peom»ylvani* for tbe laet 8ates, or some one else in whom tbe conservative por-4»r«irty years, I can safely say, that .a be*w*»en Seward tion of people North and Sooth-will have confidence, unanimity, decfare that tbe State cannot bo reliedment is decidedJy in fa*vor of t«e latter, which nukeshhc C<; Xbost available ea»oid«»t^. Bat as many hereobject te Judge Bates as oo<. being a Republican, leta* ?-s© wbe'ber iB^s be eo, or what ooaa<nta'e3 anone of the candidates will be from a Slave State. with an> other mac as tho candidate.Purely there are men there who are worthy the posi- The character of tbe People's Party of this State isPrivate.]MR. BUCHANAN TO MR. VAN DTKB. W^SHlNOToy, March 14, 1860.But if we cannot bave these msn, let us have Mr.certainly secure ibe electoral vote of the State; and know of no grounds upon which I can object, and will caee of eveiy French citizen, the status ofthe offspring.and Bates in those St*te* the preponderance of senti- ind for whom we can secure their votes. And I hope npou as certainly secure for the Chicago nominee,This was accordingly done, as follows:Witne's?—-So far aa I am myself concerned, I can. a correct judgment. The People's party of the State have no objections; but there are others involved in itar6 well aware of the course that should be pursued at that would induce me not to desire to expose it.they will, reluctantly and regretfully, but with equal furnish a copy.born in 1805. For theee legal rea;ona, the family council convoked by Loui»» Napoleon did not, and feould not, recognize tbe civil validity of t"e Baltimore mar riage, and none of tbe civil rights of a Frenchman at- tach to the offspring of this marriage. The French Code does not mention in any way tbe necessity of a marriage by the Chnrch, and it ia not therefrom that the civil status is conferred. Consul are incompetent to legally record acts of marriage. The recognition of a prince of the blood ia a favor, and has no bearing be- fore the law. Such recognitions of a title in cases some way irregular before tbe lav/ are often made, but do not change the intrinsic civil status ofthe recipient. Letitia Bonaparte's left*r, usiog tbe expressions of a son or mother to Mr. Bonaparte of Baltimore is a man- ifestation of tene'emesg—often shown in similar occur- rencee—but has not, and cannot, have any civil or po-tion. If men are not selected upon whom the elements sadly misunderstood by those in other States, who ap- MY DEAR SIB—Th« official duties of the Collector of an im- portant Port and those cf the District-Attorney, ar» in their na-of the Opposition mwy be centered, than I think every pear to take it for granted that all belonging to, aiid ture ro intimately connected that it is quile itupo*sibla ioc tnemorthodox Republican. It is trne ta<it Judi<e B*w>e h.dica'ion poirts to * defeat This Sfca*e can be carried with it, will regard the action at Chicago obligatory to crnduct tbe public business, with due regwd to the public ia-voted for Mr. Fill more in 18.36, in preference to Bo- for a cox/servative man, but no; for any one known as upon them, and support the nomination as a matter of teTesta. while th*y are in a state of *ucb. open and inveterateohanaa, as did the entire Whig p-»rfy of tbe Slave- * radical. Republican. course. In this, they may find themselves mistaken bo*tility, at* to forbid all personal and official intercourse witheach other. This b^ing now, and having been for «orne time holding States, and many of tb» Iwopablican members The rebuits of the recent election are sufficiently ex- wh*n it is too late, if they fail te ace in each a manner past, the condition of affairi bet-ween youruelf and Mr. Baker, Itof the preeent Conifretw—the latter votmjf for Fillmore plicit upon this point. Governor Buckingham is per-he preference to Fremont, white, tb<?re being no VTO- sonally very popular, is conservative in h * views; no ruas to meet the peculiar condition of things existing in this State. The People'B Party was organized with aliauoecn finally received to make a change, and thin in accord- ance t»ith tbe views of ihe Secretary of.t,he Treasury, the Secre- tary of the Interior, end Attorney-General, the members of thezaortt Sectoral ticket iu Missouri, Judge Ba'es, know- Carves o treaeon«ble" or " iocendiary" language view of harmonizing and consolidating the opposition to Administration exer«iaing a supervision respectively over eaching Mr. Bnehanans antecedents, g«.ve his sourage for Imsaere.Mr. Bates, m a letter addressed' to the Missouri dele- gate* to thfc Chicago CoDvrnuon, **yo that he is op- j^ned to tbe extension of Slavor* into tbe Territories:ware brought against hfm, and yet tbe majority he has •*oes not afford margin for anv experiments with ultra aen, or those geneiaUy so called. I know he reoeived ©any VOTOI which a Radical Republican cannot secure 'or President I trust your effort to secure the com-the Democracy, and admirably well has it answered of the two {.ffic^rs.that purpose, as its victories oi 1858 and 1859 do testify; I deem it dno to our friendly relations to communicate this de- but it succeeded only by rallying to its standard the termination to you in advance. This is the more, especiallythat he believes tbe Constitouon neither carries Slav- bined vote of the Opposition upon some man Hke Mr.themselves with the Republican party, as such. To the able to yon.ery into the Territories, nor anywhere el«j«, but onlyBates, or-Judge McLean, will prove successful; andhearty cooperation of that very numerous class of voters may be attributed the two successive triumphs of the People's Party. For tbe truth of this assertion let facts speak. They need but be shown to satisfy, 'any unbiassed mind, that the success of the Chicago nominee in this State will be utterly hopeless, unless he be a man who can command the support of that por- tion of the People's Party. They cannot be musteredFrom your friend, very respectfully,JAMES BUCHANAN.JAMES C. V AN DTKB, esq."MR. VAN DYKE TO MR. BUCHANAN.acts a,on it where'already established; that the dicta we may enter tbe campaign in hopeful expectation of accoxopHoyhig the deewop of >b© Ja^ges of the Sa- a victory, which shall Becure.an Administration worthypevme CooxV to the Dmd Scott cawe, were not only of more ret-pect than is generally entertained towardlitical signification.New- York, April 17, 186p.FKEMCH CIVIL CO»K.the last two.of protection to home tabor—having for more thanthirty years b*eh the anecmpremifl ng supporter of a limited themnelv*a to suppressing their personal pref-PniLAnHLPHiA, March 16,1860. MY DBAaSm: Your letter to meander dite of the 14th hut, is this morning received, in which yon inform me taat " the du- ties of the Collector of an importan: port and tho*e of the Dis- trict Attorney are in their nature so intimately counec:ed tha*. It i* quite impossible for them to conduct the public business with into his support by . the discipline of party drill-ser- due regard to the public interests while they are in a state ofextra-juti-cia!, bat established a most aa/on auate pre-eedent, which may le<«d to a dangerous conflict oi au-thority arson*f the coord na*e braorioes of the Govern-2nent; that be recognizes no distinctions among Aaaeri-can citizens, holding that Govermant is boand to pro-tsct all ia the enjoyment of »b^ir rTghts, whether nativecr foreign born; that be is in favor of a railroad to the To the Editor of The Jf. Y. Tribune. Pacific; that he advoc»tee tae passage of th-it just andbsn;tm measui**, the Bomesvi^d bit), and of one imme-diately wlnrttuv Kan#>as int'> the Union as a sovereignScate. Add to these, Juri^e Baie«>'s bf«-2ong advocacyw. .conservative vo'.ers in the State, who, though hostile toDemocratic misrule, had refused repeatedly to connectpropvr as in Mny, 1853, it was solely on my solicitation you voald ooruiont to remiun, and this only for a few montns: and 1 have reaiou to beliave the place has not since become more agree-There were at that time sixty-JourBedford. Bfxksj Blair, Cambria, Carbon, Centre, Clar-ion, Clearfield, Clinton, Cumberland, Dauphin, Dela-ware, Fayette, Franklin, Fulton, Huntingdon, Juniata,foundation in truth jor the report of suoh alleged land-ing. He visited the Lieut. Murray mentioned hy your beet men in tbe Slate bave protested fcg»ii;i*t tbe lateLancaster, Lj coming, Mifflin, Montgomery, North- to control the whiles of the people in their primary local elec- ampton, Northumberland, Perry, Philadelphia, Schuyl- tions. This, in conformity with your own just views as ex-kill, Somerset, Snyder and York—the vote was as fol- lows:Jnlli<*5 HnpnwTinTi ...•••..••...•.••••..••..•«••.*•••«••.*• .139,64"pressed in times past, when Jh !83S-'4<', 1843-'44, und lb47-'48, it was supposed ihat the same power was used to pievent your po- litical udvar cement, I have always disapproved and diacounte- noj ced, to the extent of my ability- The banding togetuer by a Collector of Customs, of the entiie force of aubordtni e Federal officers, the necessities of many of whom may compel them to yield their own convictions to his threats of removal, and tbe controlling of tte. poiiticid preferences of othet persons under promiaet of appointment, are iolringements o r l h e rights ofthe people, a violation of tho Democratic spirit of our institutions, and at ail times dangerous to tho purity and perpetuity of anJMillord FilJincre ...73,071) John C. H remout ...43,076)Buchanan'n niftjoriiy In theae.counties...116147 ' 22,50290,851 to say, in a spirit ofthe utmost Jcindnet-s and good feeliag to your- self personally, tbat no desire for office nor fear of removal could 22,673 induce me so far to forget my self-respect, or forego 1117 rights as a citizen, as to yield even a align; ucquiesoenoe In the eondhct of Thns, it will be perceived that in those thirty coun- the gentleman who, In this respect, has so grossly abused theCochran's majority in 1859 Bcchanan's majority in 1856name to any one desiring it.A..D. EICHARIISON.Total gain in these countie*....'"^H-'^irA" .f v,•&%{#,„.it must be cone*,ded that the Republicans have not ex- ph^am/^-^eetwal vote by an unprecedented ma- JAMBS C. VAW DTKB. .esq. JAMB8 BfrCHANAN.that tbey held the balance of pewer in this State. Al- State. INor do I wish to be understood that no other prom any member of your Administration, that the personal btftt - Jg?ird and the popularity of Fremont, yet either would be it enables us to de«l with established facts instead oi theentire Republican portion of the People's Party been, bave, however, upon no occasion been allowed by myself ville College in 1828. He practiced law for «xwx*« tUm**French hare not improved their old m*cbioery tooamed, we can carry Connecticut-ia their firing. How can go«* be made to give the *ent. While admitting ihe grean ability of Mr. Ssw- moral influence of New-York, ae a Republican State, difficult to find tbat man. It is undoubtedly true that dutien. These relations, distasteful as they may have Indeed was a native of Maine, and wa» graduated at yf$ufc*>aay noticeable exteat, awJ heoee tbe irregularitiesTo thiff I most dis-though this demonstrator coeaaot tend to increase the man can obtain its united support, though it will berelations existing between the Collector of tbe port and mvselfWere such as interfered with the proper dlscluage of my official Elijah P. Lovojoy, the brother of Owen Lovejey, **marked " piivute," since coming froni the President, With whose appointment 1 nave been honored and coueeroing as it d.ieu my official conduct, I should not be expected to treat it as au jh.dential election, in November, 185G, with that of theState election, in October, 1859, demonstrates beyondall cavil the dependency of the Republican Party on I, of courte, have no objection to offer to tho determination on hi«t, bavirg been by him referred to tb:a Departjaent, THE MADISON COUNTT (KT.) DIFFICULTIES.—'Ththe suppo»t of those acting now with the People's" Par- tbe part of tho Administration to make the proposed change J I directed the Uni ed Stitea Marshal for tbe Northern Cincinnati Gazette of the 9ch eay«:ftDlbrd FillmoreTotal vote In th* StateL>eniccratlo iiitijority. . . 8 2 , 2 2 9 )•.'_*" '460,176824controlled by there considerations, is fairly inferable from the fact fh»t the personal and political relations which at present ex- ist between the Collector of tbe Port and myself are precisely tho same as thn\ were at Ibe time of myappointment, and when, at ycur personal solicitation, 1 accepted \,he office. »nd are the Baitie on tiiey had been, with tho full Knowledge of the Adminis-h;y relations wltn the Collector, aa I have freqnen;:y informed you in conveisation and by letter, are the reauUof my unwilling- ness to approve tho conduct of the Collector in his tyrannical abuie of the patronage of the Pedetal Government, with a view-about in the eoonties where Mr. Fillmore received cau.e of my removal on what 1 conceive to 1>» tho true basis, I The iigurte, however, supplied by Mr. Donnelly'e lastwhere Col. Fremont received over two-thirds o f ^ e Jied.entire vote, but swelled their gains to give Mr. Coch- 1 am, Sir, with asiurance of my personal regard, respectfully,rane a majority vot of 17,292. An organization like your friend and opeoiont Hervant, J. C. V A N Dr'KEthat of the People's Party'only could have produced such a result. It gathered to itself that large vote wh'ich is opposed to the Democracy, but outside of the„ „ Attorney for V. S., E. D. of Penn. TO TUB PltK8ini;NT.MR. BUCHANAN TO MR. VAN DYKJE WASHINGTON, March 19, 10(10-Republican party, and with its aid revolutionized tho MY DXAII Slit: I reply to your favor of tho lfith inst. reosivod S'ate. This conservative class of voters hold the bal- yesterday, for the r.urp.ise of stating that you aio quite at lib- ance of power between the Republicans and Dem- wrty to use my letter of the 14th inst, as though it hod not beenmarked, " private."ocrats, and they are willing and ready to support the I repeat emphatically that this letter presents my reasons forRepublican nominee, asking no other condition than making a change in the office of District-Attorney. My extreme thi»t he shall be a man in whom they repose confi- reluctance to do what might be disagreeable to you has preventedUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com,.'•.>$>>*. pv^*-.,!. -ciC;-**'ji'ii... .ff'rr-oti—11'.I 1 1 - — -'",-•.'• I;..'''/'"W'.! 'lift.. V ' •—"" "*-•<•• **>i'r"at<".'r~; • «p **gf'««*f:«"'j ,, -.....',—«.,^>,'#,;«*••—.••••I'District of Florida to inquire into tbe accuracy of the " W*, bave advices trom the 'se.it of war' in Madi- ton Coun'y up to Friday eveniog, from which we rnznor, and advise me of the result of his investiga- gather that tbe Coinimttee of S ifety exprew theai-tbe population which followed the famiue of 1846-6.aio. They think it will make Chicago a stronger Re- publican city than ever."A pchoont-.r has lately arrived iu Newport Harbor from a cruise after tea elephant oil iu the vicinity of tho Desolation Islands situated went of Cape Tforo, befwteu tbat and tbe Straits of Magellan. Tms branch of fi*i ery is said to be superceding somewhat of itste years the whale fishery, and is quite "as oaco*«fahIVn vessels were on the c<*«u»t when the sohooner sailed—two shins, three barks, and five schooners. One of the shioe'had on board 3,.'J00 barrels of oil, and tbe otht<-.-?)C00. One bark bad 1,«S00 barrels ttnd the o»her was full. Tho schooners generally oper.ite ae tenders to the l a r r r vessels, being ewplojvd for uavi- gating th© smaller rivers, wbera the sea elephant a'ouhds. The oil is tried out on shore ard then oar- r ed by the schooners on board the heavier craft, which are moored in deeper water.A DANGEROUS FitArn.-A ons dollar bill of the Cccheco Bank, Dover, K If, so ingeuiously altered to a ten as to defy any but tbe most sharp-sighted an*also belbbged to the County of Sligo. The tide of experienced to detect the fraud, was seat to one ol tbe-*•**• i •• • • . . . i i tmm ibil.ty, be the last ot mot>« in Kentucky. Some of Che lawless proce* diuiri«, «nd t»;«re is a w^-nr, of sympathyin quarttirK fjoiu wb:cb encouraging words wor« confi- de m)y calculated upon."A FISH STOKY —IV.the State Board of Agriculture's roims. in tbe St»'e House, is a large glass box or v©e- t-ei, wherein urn kept Bevera.1 bve specimens of linb, j'nionK others a eunfinh about ^ix iacbe, ia length. The S'Cretary recently cau/hta common hor*e leech aud plxci-d it in the water with the fish. A contest imme- diately be^rtn between tbe hui tith *nd tbe leech, io- volvmg life or death to the worm, wliich was watched with much interest and curiosity. Toe sunlisb at- tempted to swa^ow ibe leech n*<aa foremost, Out the ]at er fofctened himself to toe under ja>vnof thefi-h aui obstinately refut'ed to be swaUowed. Tne next thing was.fur tbe fish to get the l<eci out of its month, and to this end various mgeuious mau^uvenB were rosor^d to without eftVct. At last th"* fish, rai.«^ng his mouth above the surface of the water, blew tbe bloodsucker•.ii. ssssssSmmumuinmmsm 