 '.*" -"" •iNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 186ft.mjavoirinhlv necewwrv that anv action of the pooplo of T e n * should be tak"en before the executive power ofYesterday moning, in the First District Cohl^; P°hA. 1*. Vivid presented tbe following petition iki wrJ^ng:SENTIMENT OF -THE STATE.|"mcnn limeVa brave:old pailor, who, it seems, wasac- i,-erty/to carry, out her revenue laws, to support her tho charges, but milk is of such a obaracter iuM com- (lULTr.reo ?**ln Mr. Yates, iind was in my church at the officers in the discbargo of their duties; the power to Ietition can only be availed of to a limited extent.1 cur of 1is t'teaciing, came to mo and declared ho do I'll tbeec tl ings she nndoubtcdty has; it is, indeed, This arises not from any additional expense or labor• tbe General Government ...mil have passed into hostile To tbo Bon. T. O. HCNT, Judge of the First Disttict Couvt ofTo the Editor 0/ The N. P. Tribune. .SIK: I have just come from the /crural ilistricUf," •latw lira \cb)l—;;tbat Lo was a slaveholder, and not incident to every sovereign Government; and so long being required for milk, but 'simply became it i«<not so' hands, and ••peaceful action" onl 1 then no 1>«g«r bobe&xi for—the meting-revived to respect ully pe-tition Governor Houston, either to convene the Lcgia-the 1aih-h of Orhai>»."i'oar retitioi cr, — Harris, by hU attorney, A. f*. Fi«rlU, respectfully rtp>c>cnts that, on the 20th day of November, lOoO, be v a s fort'lbly w tetd and canied to the Police Prison of theone cf tic bctt CJther. . •On Monday, bow^ver, I kept my promise, and wentas sbe performs .these iunctions of Government, it well adapted as other freig .is to long passages over wotild be absmd to et.ll the State "out of the Union.?' r<ugh roads by wagons, railway or boat conveyance*If the j eople of a State neglect to send representa- beii g more suitable.tives to Congress, wlmt matter? the Government c;m The production andmanagememtof milkw nowmnciilatnre immcdiHtelv re provide for a convention, or eUe, >i:>t District of M.id ciiy, and has beon ibero detained withoutassured that the Republicans to a man are against at tl ehoiir appointed Kx n i 6 t : t t b o so-called divine andehotUd he tLitJc fit, that he, by proclamation, order an election of delegate* to a convention, betore Lmcolu's inauguration, to u» to enable the people to prepare to defend •whatever action they may see expedient to adopt. -ThertcondreaoluriousayH:That while we are notforxpuol of the groat and undeniable fact ib'at the people of TI-JU-", in their organic Con»tit«tion,-havK «xpre»»Iy re#er»» d the right to declare primarily in great ecoer- jjfirci»*. or Indeed at all time*, their aovereign will, without ref- mrtvoe to the di»po«hi*>n of tlio«e to whom they have confided tV< executive, judicial, and leeiolativo power* of tb.e exuting (jtr7m>tv"ul. yet that a loyal wn'ection and.unabated roapect for ooTOwn {Hate Oorernuwt. a* well as a abb. regard for tboeroi- wr. t public »en lce« of its ptem*nt Chief Ma/istrate, together with m«iwt earne*t desire for expeditious, uniform and harmonious exjwewion of the people's wiM, have prompted this petition. 'Precinct Coawhieee were appointed in the county to circulate the petition and obtain signatures; also, aslV.ihnit or any drtu.iie charp*. mid there is no oouiniitmoitt Hi;«iji"-t Liin, ai d l.e i.i now confined iu said ptitou by ordor of tLo Msyor of the City of Now-Uricans. without any authority of law: \ \ herrfoTe, li« prays that your Honor will grant Li in tho wTit ofti.ibe<i* curptis, directed to tho Hon. J. T . Mouioo, Mtiyor of the ( ity of JNew-Oilcui.it, or John McClelland, Chief of I'ouoo', to piodt.co tbo body of your petitioner before your Honor at such tin i- <ii d r luce a«• your Houor KISHII cirect,' together wi'h tlio citii-e of his capture and dctoution; and ho prnvs tor gouerui rclirf.Ce1. Field stated that his client had been seized in tl e street and incarcerated wLUiout process of law, aud tlxt 'Ml is system of oppression must be stopped/' The writ of habeas corpus was granted, returnable this morning, at 10j o'clock, before Judge Hunt. ' ,*OPINIONS OF TIIE SOUTHERN PRESS. "Frtm 'Ihe Atalanla fCa.) Intelligencer, Sov.27.striking their colors at this stage of thevutarp. t mlalk the matter over with ^. ' *>ut. he had broken thepermanent Committee to correspond with like Com- From a peroral and clarification of the Presidential ndttees in the State to receive and present their pe;i- vote, just puhlisfced", it \\ ill be seen that more than tiooa to the Executive. four-bubs tf the counties in the State have given theThe Hon. S. W . Perkins, Chief Justice of Brazoria Brechin) idge tn ket a majoi ity ovor Bell and Douglas County, baa issued official notice of election on Mon- together—a cheering faet for all friends of the onlyday.JJec. 3, to select five delegates to a State Conven- niLtdy for Northern aggteerion—that is, secession. It tion at Galveston, or elsewhere, on Jan. 8,1S6J, The may lc urged tht,t thcie are some who have voted forIf any ore expects the recent emphatic indorsement more, lam not a Presbyterian, but a Wesleyan, andThe next meeting of the Association is to be held :<1. which, doubtless, the volume of interest will be muohincreased. 'Chief Justice says* &e<*3b"imke an^ Lr^ft w b / ) *"> strong Union men, and that such an amendment can get a three-fourths vote Jt«O0in>tsing the riRht of tbe people—particularly such a «um- cannct be lonnd to jcin in the ranks of those who now of the States, as required by the clause above uieu-bcr u« couvt:j.tMl to-dnj—io C«'U.UIHD<1 u*e to perform any lauda- adveente a seveia'nco of all political connection with ticted.ble duty for them, 1'obey this request promptly and with a hearty the F t d e n l Union. \Ye think the Breckinridge men. No, Sir; it can never be done. W e might just asin their, prayers, that I may bo kept humble, or tbe ele-• vat ion to which Domini© Yates of Charleston has Curtiss as a distillery. Analarm was promptly given, :•n.ifcd'me by his attempt to split the Presbyterian de- to which the firemen as promptly responded, but before nomination in twaiu, with only my old letter for a they could extinguish the flames all of the building ex-GITY~~I¥EMS.'~'^' «•* '— :$good wiU.At Centreville, Leon County, on the 13th. Judgo Grctqj, Col. Pnrant, Judue Jewett,kCoL Whaley,- andwho "Kill vote lor submistiyn are rara aves in Georgia. W e 1 are-ly thii.k a single specimen can be found in thewell attempt to reopen the slave-trade by a popular vote: Wet tern and Central New-York have almost unanimously declared in favor of the " Union, the Con-fall from the eminence, and dislocate my neck. Albany, A." Y., l)to. 5,-UJW JQUX MILES.WHA T IS THE REAL DESIGN?Tv the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.watchman and a Fifth Ward policeman discovered the pBstweek hove proved so successful that they will be fire, emd hastened, to get tbe he>se used in the building, continued. Wallack's Theater, " Tbe Model Hype-but'before they could obtain it tho flames wore boyonatheir reach. In the mean timo the firemen arrived, upon critc;" at.Niblo's, "Macbeth;" at Laura Keeno'a, the ground, and forming a line from, the river, Obtained "The Seven Sisters;" aad at tbo.Winter Garden,an adequate supply of water. "Bicbelieu," and others of Mr. Booth's characters* The steam fire-engines did excellent service, and but At the Bowery, tbe circus continues, and tho various£L 5>.Gould, addreesed ifce people in favor of resist- length aid hreedth of the Stato; so it is safe to reckon stitution and the enforcement of the laws"-of the.y^tfcB.ortcaily aii of those counties which gave ance. Breekmimge n^Otl^ Will votO Tor T ^ " 0 * ' V U S "gin: When*Senator Wilson said that the frieii^ <#the Constitution anu fffee labor, by the election of Lin-. for ihtir operations a great conflagration would haveRcpv.Uko.h party, atd that dedaratjohTwill oe cott- r tinimlly reilermtd in such an emphatic manner, aa will •wan held at the town of B.MZorti on the 17th iost light; }<nd we know there are many, very many*, biire, n.t.Ke eowaiGS and doughfaces tremble in case a retreatA maw TUeetmg cf the citizens of Brazoria County •GOB. Joseph Bates lalko the meeting to order.At Seguin, on tb« itth, a large number of citizens assembled, W . K. Goodricb pre*ioiag, and a resolution WHS adopted to bold a mass meeting on the 24th, toccoifult what course it is advisable to pursue in the present exigency.Hailettsville, Lincoln viila Lung in effigy.On the 17tb, at JLhdlaS, a greut meeimg of the people took place, at which it wu» unai.iiuously resolved that Texas ought to recede rather than submit to Black .Re-publican rule.iatiiotic Geoigiai s who supported Mr. Bdl and Mr- ia troposed for the Republican army.BUFFALO.eroln and Hamlin had got their feet on the neck of the Slave Power, he was truo in a figurative sense. In a practical one, not quite. That power which has always Lad its feet on tbe South, and for half a century has had the Union under its thumb, if not under its feet, will not be likely to take its thumb off withoutdoubtless rc-stllted. Messrs. H. and C. in constructing concert-rooms are all doing a good busineee. this building, epaied no expense in erecting large cop-The Lone Star flag has been raised at WaHetavilltj, Petersburg, and Sweet Home, ia Lavaca County—TLe^ tecesi-ion of the Empire State of the South, then, is a foregone conclusion. As sure as to-morrow'sSm: Astheemoke clears away at Waehingtotf, "W6 bexin to see the bearings of tbe future with some clear-If OS.ion.A RIPPLE ON THE SECESSION SEA,.The following communication, which wo take from'The Charlatton Cvtirier of Monday, is the first flymp-.iom of dissatisfaction with the plan of immediate seces-sion that has made its appearftuce "m ttiat State. It will States who may not have seceded, but who support be recollected by many that it watt Mr. Grayson, who*/ tie seceding one, in a sort of illegal, irregular, and"solitary and alone," set the Union ball in motion in is calculated to bring on a war of skirmishes, endlessJ85<): " ai doh-tresting; whereas the secession of the .wholeWILLIAM J. GRAYSON.—The election on Thursday South rimultaneoutly would require the Genoral Gov-n.itted to the Conlederacy. \Ve are. at all events, no woise oil" now than wo were then; and when tht:y have le-it us we shall havo got rid of an un-ernment to count tiie cost before it moved, and asnotl irg could be gained by war, the whole wouldprobably end in negotiation and a commercial treaty,liam J . Graynon; W e do this without his knowledge©rateent, but with the earnest hope that he will not State, in case of secession, would lead us to suppose:refuse to receive the" votes of those who cannot, in it probable, that a single "State might withdraw inMsmi fury and re< klers l.h^te, j lunge themselves' and peace. But even if it were so allowed, such Statelow the example of their Southern brethren, and that in course of time, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carelina, Tennessee, Kentucky, and Missouri will,wl at they are doing and saying is doubtless this, to de- moralize the North by immense talk and pretence of peaceable secession, put its "wide awakes" asleep or off.next will be one uioie, imj>ortant iu it« conMoquences to ' our city.and State than any which ha* heretoiore taken place." W e ncminato a» one to represent us—an un-likewise• secede from tho Union. This Heems tome their guard, and as the old government is on their side, veiy doubtful at the least. The Cotton States ptissess,FIRE IN BROADW A Y—NARROWESCAPK OK A HOTEL.*elift<h patriot, a bage tountfclor„and a true man—Wil- ai.d South against tbe attempted coercion of a sovereignthe Stt'.e tl.e^ know not whither.Let him give all Btich an opportunity of voting forwould be in a situation in no manner calculated to giveCCntent or.prosperity to herpeojle. The whole South, separation from the North, and union with the Cotton think it expedient to make an out-and-out coup d'elai, faetureis of enameled furniture; and on the fourth the occasion by Mr. Gustavo Schmidt, the organist, whohim. •' FABIUS.and nothing shoit of it, could make up a nationality worthy of our smbition. TLis view, we are glad to pay,is"not\eculinrtous; itisthatofpeoplehereand there throughout'the country. The result will be, nohtjites, would amount simply to throwing away the floor by Messrs. A. Plageman, M. Matthews. George palpableadvantage of belonging to a great, poweiful, and inaugurate some candidate of the "fusion majori- Caflerty, G.' R. Allen, and G. W. Bull as studios.aha established nation, for the sa*eof sharing the ty," like Breckinridge, or some Napoleonic individual TLe fire was discovered bursting from the second-was assisted , by a full choir, with Madame Caradori, soprano; MissHutchmgsof Brooklyn, contr.ilto, and Mr. Henry Schmitz, tho French born player, tenor. At tho benediction, in the afternoon, Father O'Hara officiated. The heavy snow-storm which prevailed on Saturday caused the attendance to be smaller than it would other-mVIEWS OF MAEYIJ1ND DEMOCRATS.1 . At a State Convention of the Democrats of Maryland, doubt, a Southern Convention, composed of delegates\ roblematical fortunes of a small, weak, untried na- like Gushing, but they will make their old simulacrumtion. 1 <lo not dwell upon the obvious antagonism of held ever, a sort of inevitable and constitutional thing, of the Plamerb' Hotel, No. 648, adjoining. Mr. Knightchofen by tbe Stale Conventions, and thus a decision held in Baltimore on the 6th iust., the following resolu- will be Lad of authority tl e highest acknowledged intions, among other*, were adopted: tl is countrv—that derived directly from tbe people. ' " HeHtlrtd, That while we io not regard tbo election of Abra> That great Southern Con\ cntion could bear and pass bam Lincoln to tUe othce of i*rerideui of itaclf ax a sufficient upon any guarantees tbe North are willing to make;interests between the Border and tho Southern was sitting in bis office, and bearing a crackling noiseSlave States, gi owing out of the African wl en under their wolf s argument (see the fable of tbe toward the rear of bis house, ran into the dining-room,Slave-trade . question. . But I have read wolf and ihe lamb) of "sectionaliKin," they have prac- from the end windows Of which he saw the fire. . Anwith care the letters of Senators Mason and Hunter tically demonstrated: the impossibility of inaugurating alaimwaa.immediately raised, and the firemen soon wise Lave boom s' of Virginia, and certain expressions of opiuion from arrived, but before tney could conquer the flames,taose of resolution, h«uiu for itn object a dissolution of ourUxdoBv-We will regard an> act ot ag<re«tion agiiuat any of our and, ircth from tLe j eople cs they w:ould be, their de- sister State*, or tblir.peoj.le or dotueatic inatitutiona, on hi< part cision would be satisfactory. But the first thing to be «r with bia privitj, a« aucU cauae Ol revolution »'/» (It Union, aud 1 ad is a State. Convention; and tbe most acceptable v. •• •.!•* furtlier etu(.uaticuity una niuaiiuioualy declare that theLincoln. They 'will thus, on the 5th of March and which had a large quantity of light and combustibleTHE BROOEIUCK WILL. To tht Editor of The S. Y. Tribune.SIR: In your allusion this morning to Senator Brode- rick's will, iu the cours.e of an i.rticle onthe lat« caso of Mulligan, you crroneonsLy slate that the wil[Nboars date on tbo day before Mr. Broderiek left New-York for tie last timevwhich was March 17, 18.>y. This i*an error. Tb.e will bears date on tho previous 2d .Tana- ary, and after a legacy of $10,0..0to John A. McGlynn, of can Francisco, it makes me residuarv legatee. It was drawn by A. A. Phillips, esq., who bad previous- ly done business for Mr. Broderiek, aud it was wit- i.efsed by bim and_ by Mr. John J. Hoff, formerly a member of the California Legislature, and one of tbe gentlemen who firmly voted for Mr. Broderiek in that body for United States Senator during an e»<tire. session. T i e original,proofs were taken before Jonu 1%. Hac- kett, eeq., of this city; acting as Commissioner appoint- ed by the San Francisco Probate Court (counsel ap- pearing on tho other side), and they wore forwarded, um'er fiis certificate, to California. On tho will being ofeted there for probate, itn genuineness was dLq>utcd;: but alter an investigation of the closest character, which Listed seven.1 mot.tbs, tho foil iwiagdeci ioa wa« rendered by the Court:IK THE PROBATE COURT IN THE CITY AND COUN- TY OF S"Ao* IJRAKCISCO, ST A TE OF CALIFORNIA.SKUKMULU ThitM—OCT. <"., I860.—Present tbo liou. AI. C Br.AKB, Prol^ato Judge.In the ir attvrof the Kj-tnto ol'J)»vid C. nrod<'rick, doc«!u.ed.—ux the nmilor of the ttj plfcttiiou of John A. MecJiynu nad Au.l.-evr J. 1 1tier for lli«> probate of the laU will and tertautwit of David C- Brodoiiclc, deceased, and for Jcttor* te->taiu«ut«rv tli«r«on.'1 his runttcr having h<-;. lofor»> eoijitj on for henri.-ig and trial on. the petition of *iiid John A. McGlynn and Andrew J. llutler, and o n t h e written grounds of opponiliou herein re^pcotivoly filed by Ellen Jane brown aud John Brown, by Lucy lirowno. by V\ illianr Broderiek and ttobert Brodeiick, by John M«;l>on- nell and by Iinvid Colbert, and on the I«>ui«8 tho reby joined i atl i» Comt and the tncl having been duly ccn:i.iu«d from time to tin.c until tLe Citbday of (Ictober, A. D., IStiO. end the oral aud docuoxntaiy evidence cf the rewpectivo partltwhaving been ooi»- cludcd, UTil the niiiico'i the Miid eitb dxy of u<:t»b<«r, havin^beeK duly rut.u iit'-d to the Court for doeiaiou and tui&l order; nnd the Court huving dnly considered th* latue and it app<.arini< to tha Cou t, on di e proof made,that notice of tbe heariuK of m,U .ippli- catl< u »(is duly given according to tu<j ntacut« iu «uch ca»e uuido und i-rovidtd ; and that the name wan duly continued, from tima * to tat), null this day, and the testimony of each witueM linvu g beta ledutfd to writing and signed by him, and duly iit«dv i«I» ilit- d< cumentary evidenco; t-.nd it appearing to the natinfiw- tiou of the Com 1, from the proof) so Uikeu, ihat lh« said d.;oa-». -«-.••**!% • spirit OI a anctioual party that ha*, elected bim doea way to obtain that, is by authoiity ol the Legislature.at 0110 time iu great jeopardy, but thojuatlfy aud requite ua. wi.i.out furti.er delay for the rights of lelf-co\eiim>«-ut. aud unfio. it < u. »«ctuity, our ptace. ana n4ppineaa,io demand that our clear c^tiatitutljuttl ^uurautie• shall now beadmitted and maiutaiued. aiid such adouional security be pro-vided a» will bx them nee fiom all doubt or moleatati^n in theftituie; end that v.e aie ie*olwd to employ t/« the Union,all the exists apprehensions in some quarters that in the event *neai>* that may b*-Con.e ntc. sr»ry to obt.dn tbe»e ends, and wesideration.of them.cent-us. was taken, twice as many white people as aimy and navy, officered chiefly by Southera men.do moke tbia d«claiatt«>u. aliei having counted the coat of revolu- tion a* our fathers uid, aud especially our expoaed coudi-ion aa aborder Stw'.e . . . . , . a. . R**jlret?. That we deplore tbe action taken by our sister Stato ef boutb C'aro.jna, aud e^rueatiy proteat ugutast au ordiuanco of sfCfssioi- on her part a* being iiueousiiiutioual.diaorgnuiziog'and precipitate, and uL,riie».Uly, « not arrogant, toward tue counsel, and sit uationa of the other »lave!ioldiui< States; and wo boliove iljat such act of «ece»»i'on wi.t weaken and must divide their ut- ;IU,»!( poaii jon ; aud, v. Lile w e declare for cooperation, we will l.imiy resist being dragged into »r<-eaki-,a. [Maryland will not MUM as a i«*ii»tiijei at the bidding of South Carolina, and we re- mind her; by the n.emories 01 th»J hevolutioa, that such a pur- yoftecannot>>« juatilud; aud. iu conclusion, iu a fraternal spirit, we entreat South Caiotioa io^»u«ptnd all furtheracti>nuntil such meu<uiea of petnelul uiljuatmeut h*ve hrst boon tried andLave failed.•1 EXCITEMENT IN NEW-ORLEANS. .From 'Ike Ketc-Oilcan* Delta. A'OP. 30. Yesterday morning the Mayor was informed by twoce ssion will Lave passed. They will then, perhaps—if anybody can so far believe in their consistency and clemency—give us our choice of submitting to suchladies in her, fright seized her pet terrier, and escapingunless the North vaeiit.es the obligation to pay by mak- of our citizens of the fact that a well-known pernon- ing war upon the South.land, was more than the whole value of the slaves; the State contained in that year 37 cotton, 2 woolen fac- tories, acd 81 iron factories; yet we hear Tennesseeans talkii g about sacrificing all tho agricultural, indusjrial, and commercial interests of Tennessee, for the sake ofneous crowd of spectators from the'Free States whosepresence would only aid tho Southern mob,just inproportion to its own numbers. It is a well organizedvolunteer police force of free citizens, on hand in dueseason, ar.d amply prepared to defeat any'violent at- ily. Tie occupants were passed out of the window,und received by the people in the street. Tneir escape was very nanow. Mr. Slice occupied tho lower floor as a hutcher'e shop, and sustained $3o0 los-s. Insured for §700 in tbe Manhattanville Insurance Cp. Loss on furniture §500.. Insured for $V,000 in tho Excelsior In-Ap«» named Arthur Kobimon, was bandyiu^ about veryobnoarioue pentimentH in the shape of bie Anti-Slaveryopinions, difguxtinpr to tho--e wun whom he conversed,ai>d dangerous to the community and to bisuHelf xn zens of the nations at war. The payment of dobts the*e foxerirh timer. He came from Ireland to New-<luv from the South to the North will depend solely York in lt54, and arrived-in New-Orl-.-ans in 1856, upon tLe North. If that section appeals to war, toa doubtful attempt to protect tho Slavery interest. tempt to prevent the inauguration. If Congress does The same remarks apply with even more force tofch.ee which he worked a* compositor iu Tke Orleenuan coeriion. and seeku, not to maintain but to avenge thenot provide for1such a force on that occasion, the con-We understand that Robinson claimed and received which the Convention bill, the joint resolutions ap-of such labor would deprive tho Cotton States of. what-they most need, and. would be a dead letter from the United Stutes Las no power to compel'its submission. be recollected nothing further till he became conscious)ov±lti*y who Mill now, m their country's hour of peiil, c c n e n o l l y up, and discharge their duty fiifili- fnlly, by voting for the Kecession of their native State ; fiom all connecth.n or affiuity with the Black Repub- licnn, Abolition North.Northern aggressors and apgiesrijn, aud Black Repub- lican rule, ai.d,wiib her tister Southern States, shall ha*k iu the prosperity, of a glorious Southern Coufed- eiaty.From The Memjihi* Evquirer, Nov. 27.CLOSIKO MEETING OV THE MOZART HAI.L D E - lire. The third story, in which the fire originated, MOCRACY.—A largely attended meeting of tbe member*was stored full of empty casks, and ao fire what-ever wa«> used in tits portion 01 tne prem-'T he eei esf ion of one State alone, in case of any conflict t\ ith tbe Federal power, involves the other Southerncommonly disturbing element..-tLeir own dominions; they are not likely to threaten thothing which they mean to do. They are demanding whattley do not expect to obtain, with threats of some-thing which would by no means,content them in the' heating the church.uncertain squabble with the General Government. ItBut it will be stated that the Border States "will fol- event of their expected failure. What they mean byKIUK IN BEAVER. STREET.Between 3 aud 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, a fire occurred in.the premises of Lionel Moses, commis- sion merchant, No. 52 Beaver street, occasioning $100 damage. Insured for $3,000. -i'rr.e, it"is possible, and the prevalent sentiment Northor liiUcy they j ogress, in their cotton, the essential ele- or rather absolutely, theirs, and not likely to take anyLet our Legislature then convene.From The Richmond Enquirer, Nov. 29.DEBTS D V E BY THE SOUTH TO THE NORTH".—Therebut Bvcliou's—the forts and armories, and the littletLeie were slaves. The cash value.of farms in the TLe. only constitu ional day for the constitutional suc- assured tLiem that there was no danger. One of theof a dissolution of tl e Confederacy, the debts now due and to become due bv Southern merchants and citizens to Northern houses, will be iu some manuer lost and not piiid.W e piesnrre that there is aa much individual honesty and ce>mn ercial integrity among Southern merchants a i d citizens aa among any other people; and any acts of dishonesty will meet with the same condemnation at the South that tl ey merit and receive among honest people everywhere.While the n.ei chants and manufacturers of the Northhave in many instances been shamefully .derelict iutheir duty to the South and to the Union,, yet such dLj-hor.oihble cenduct will never be made the pretext byLonett Southern merchants for an avoidance of a justo.bligi.tien to pay an honest debt. " Goods, wares, andmercl atdise,' purchased at the North will be honestlypaid fer, whether the Union he preserved or dissolved,State was §216,000,000—less than half the price whichthe tame bind .would have commanded in a Free State;tLere were t'5 cotton and.w4oolen.factories, and 88 iroufour.daiies at work; the agricultural product of theState, though much less than it would have been but Pro-S!aveiy laws as they may dictate, or " peaceably from the store. H's loss is estimated at $2,500; in- lor the previous culture of tobacco, and the want ofT i e law of nations has no better established princi- j 1« than tl at a ftate of war vacates all debts, claims and contracts exibting between the subjects and citi-firemen arrived, Offieer Kelly, assisted by Officer Whit- man, luocuicd a ladder, by means of wuich they res- cued fioni death by suffocation Mr. Slice and his fam-.,'From The Memphis Avalanche, 3d iiint.tl at the Government of tho United States has rights, named Augustus Sturumn, doing business at No. 285 powers, and duties, but may not and . cannot enforce South Tbiid ctreet, Jersey City, was run over by thealienate the obecient feeling of their hl.ives, ho must Legislature', and has returned fully,impressed with the Bouii may rest assured, that whether secession takes jlace or not, if the Cotton States continue to r.tise cot-them; that the separate States have duties and obliga-6 o'clock Central. Railroad train from New-York onJ yi1 ich. give Republican majorities, and you may resttThese w ho do the voting in our ranks fully undcr- fledge be n:ade to meet me, foC h e w a » net there. I. bo adnnirr..uistteerrefel witnhout mtheir assistance. I-f nono;of better understood than foroierly. Then it was tnougirt <»attm.d tho great questions which have been settled by the election of Lincoln and Hamlin. .wtitcd son e time, and then pennv''« ^he letter, only the eitizens will accept civil appointments, the only that there must beat least two trains per day, and ttw writing what I should have said had .°e been on hand. result will be that they will go without postal fucih- length of road divided into two districts with two 11 ave not now, perhaps, aa m»iet» lr^n >jl ">y eou- ties, and other ccnvrniencesftjid benefits conferred by trai:ns each»•; Nvow, huo,.w.„e..v..e..r., it h1as b«een. r.edu,c„e.d•V^eAs to. tbo Fnsionists and Confusionists, let them go slituti«;n asfornierly; besides, through inihriuity I havo tl e General Government. If t U Jtistices of the Du the simplest practice of one train a day only, and thatto ftudyicg the resolutionists adopted by the Conven- Lad, witl in the past, three months, to gi>'6 np TMy% tiici and Circuit Courts rerign, there will merely be a for tbe whole distance, late in the afternoou and even- • rtion of 1SC6, .which nominated Fremont, and those of l«c€0, when Mr. Lincoln was nominated, before they undertake to amend the Constitution at the bidding.of the slave oligarchy.By At title V of tho Constitution of the United State e, it is provided, in Older to amend that instru- ment, " t h a t sueh amendment shall bo ratified by tho let.it laturee of three-fourths of the several States, or by conventions in three fourths thereof."chcrge; but should I wiite. again to the celebrated varcancy,.aiid- Congress can, if expedient, remodel its ing, ai;d after other train* have mostly left the ro ul.; St letter-sever, Mr. Yates of Charleston, it would contiuu Judiciary, and appoint other and safer places for hold- Instead of farmers coolinuroff each memo/milk andmy opinion 111the same language, namelyr-that "Siav- ii gits Courts. All that tho State will have accom- serdii g ircmcdiarely after milking, now tliey have only 8of the prim ij le s of the Republican party in the entire body of Free States is to be frittered away by amend- ing our Constitution in favor of Slavery, I would, like to ha.\ e tbf.t eaga< ions individual point out the majori- ties in ten of tl e Free States which it is imagined can he tuiucei over to vote with the fifteen Slave States, sonot much ofan agitator either. Most of thelabors ofrry ministerial life have been among poor people. Ihope brethren of all denomiuatious will remember moDIAUISM.5cto-yo7fc, D e c 0,180).per tanks, with a view to protection in the event of aA NORTHERN VIEW OF SECESSION.To the Editor aj'The $- Y.Tribvne.The proprietors labor under the impression' helci at tbeir place of meeting, Mozart Hall, on Prida/tbe fire was the work of design, and slight suspicions are entertained against u7y"0UDg man. *TDOfct of tiie citizens parihipaiiug iu the move. At sun will lite, tl is noble State shall be independent of ness, and many who were sometirtag in doubt begin to rurj us into a war of robbery on Mexico, and lost the' wbo w ^ formerly in their employ. It will be remem-night^tocloseupbusinessforabrieftime,nowthe elect tions are all over, and tbe year is about to ch>se. MuohIn fact, Slavery is a minor interest in all There were in Virginia, at the time the ListSome of the guests were thrown into a great stato'of consternation, but their fears were e[uieted by Mr. Knigl.t, Capt. Caffrey; and Sergeant Warlow, whoFree Labor, was very large iedeed, the wheat being notoriously fine. Even Senators Mason and Hunter will admit that the agricultural, , the laud,seceding,'' and foiming a Northern Confederacy!• Good people'at the North, whose travels have notsured for $1,000 in tbe St. Mark's Insurance Company. Damage to building, which is owned by Mr. Wilmurt, $1,100; insured for $9,000 in the St. Mark's and Im-" cry is wrong under any circumstance." Mj pur- plished will be to have scratched it« own face. Yet pose, also, would be equally plain—neverto solicit aid tbe wisdom of the Executive can see no way out ofto coe-1< flTprojerly aid then by settingit away in some- cool spring or well, with which most of ibcm are no^r: '••} proviacd, it may be kep-t for twenty-four or thirty-six hours, and then sent to the e-ity in good condition. This is now generally the practice, and has reduced tho trouble to railroad transporters very considerably.fromniy liiends to erect, a house of worship for a man- the difficulty., • stealirg body of Divitity to preach in.-....•,;-I could aid would have aided the so-called Reverend if he bad met me according to promise, and cleared tho n alter op; but be moved off quickly, and I saw him no-FIRES.a struggle—of a practical character.be able to make up.their minds. It is certain that.the ricLest p?irt ef the booty—which broke its faith on tho bered that a few weeks ago a bookkeeper who had been good feeling was expressed, and a Committee was ap-pointed to consider the matter of organizing efficiently for the coining year.live Cotton Staret—South .Carolina, Georgia, Florida,Mississippi, and Alabama will secede from the Unionl>cfore the 4th of March, if they are not forcibly pre-vented. I.think it likely that Arkansas, Louisiana, and tbe latter—Las probably mord tricks in its bag watchman in the act 0/ burglary at the office of theTHK IMMACULATK CONCEPTION.—The Sixth Anni- Tlu: Tyler Reporter of the 15tb, on the receipt of the Ar.i. OR NOKR.—All or none of what 7 All or none Texas will follow their example, though this is still of the same sort. It- professes with terrific fiim in West street. Tltf fellow was arrested, but vertary of the promulgation of tho dogma of the In*--neTva of Lincoln's tlection, issued an extra, headed of tie Southern Sta es in a Southern Confederacy. doulted by many. If all eight secede, the Union will din that if new and specific guaranties of Slavery Messrs. H...'&' C. did not preset the charge on account" To arms ! To tbe rescue, Texans f" It saya: Weil, h»)s South Carolina, t>at is.what we desire, comist. <n tie 4th of March, 1861, of 21 States, con- of bis family, and he-was discharged. Since then ho maculate Conception, WAS celebrated on Saturday last,Ot»r worst fears axe leailzeu. Lincoln is elected. "Comment, what we intend, and what we exject to luive. Bat tiiiiang about 24,000,Q0O of white people, ruber more and' slave-catching arc not given by the peo- had the audauty to visit their office, and it is said that in the Church in Fourteenth street, near Avonuo A,•at Uita time, would be an m-.uk to the feoiing* of any Texian to bow shall the country enter uj>on this great meaaure X than the total. population of, the . United States, ple of- tbo North, it will not submit to bo constitu-w M D this new* in borne. i,et us punto for* moment in philo- By separate *eee»-bicn, says the same gallant State. he was fcen near their distillery in Washington streetsophical preparation for tho eveuts oi to-morrow. God only including thicks and colored, iu )8u>0. Ic will ti«nally governed. But in that case it will, as the best about tho time the fire was discovered.itnou'N what our late it to be. We, a< citizens, who boast of de- Well, that is daiin^ enough, but is it wise—will it have lotst by secession two millions of ci i'zens, about as and only thingit can do, take the Southern States, or . Tbe h>sef Messrs. IIoilman & Curtis will amount(scent [torn Revolutionary 'iiiren, arV nloue re<<uou<tible for tbo cou- ellect tLe object'/ . Is there no little inclination toward nany a« Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota havedition of our posterity, tluongh veueiatioti* jetuuboru! Will tl e measuie in the other States aa to renuiio that they gained in the past ten years. This is a loss, I admit; at all events the Cotton States out of the Union, peace- to $iO,l(X) or f 22,000. Tney are insured in the follow-wo Uannmit to them » degru<lii<i< ,uepentivney upou iNorthern fa: thould have the mpuhe of sympathy added to their in- ing companies: Relief, $2*,250; Stuyvesant, $1,400; naiicisxu, or a noble iuUepei.de 'c««.f toought. action and po>i but in estimating it we must always remember that those ably if it con, forcibly if it must. Does it expect any North American, $2,!£>!:; Excelsior, $1,500; Rutgers,-lion, by onrprouiptuesM iu thi* gr»«t emergency ? Kiftoon States clination? If so, the teneiency towards co-operation tw o million citizens whom wo lone were an element of such concessions ? No. It knows as well as we thaterected in commemoration of that famous event. " T h e dogmatic definition of the Immaculate Conception of the Meat Blessed Virgin, by Prof. Francesco Costa, a Romnn Priest," is as follows:" W H A T IS .THIS IMM.VCUI.ATE CONCEPTION f—- _ „ Thin question cannot be better answered tban iiriSe'r-~r~of tbo Kerf*Tiil I, iiion have already declared us to be unworthy of is not su<h as to inspire much confidence. The .Ameri- weakness us well as strength—that but for them we-utKoHtrfion, as f.ui!<, %* ith thuu.. Mmll wj, who hive never can people haye'never given any indica'tion that they bownd the knee to power, Hubmi**ively recoire th« yok« which were ciitily driven or dragged into anything. They if .o be placed ui>on our neck- upou tue 4th day of March, I06I.or nhall we, by timely re~i-taL.ce. piebonre our rights, houor, and aie punttilious t< o, c»n tl in tmbject; and a more ready ofjoality? l e o p l e ot lexa»2. ar.-w.,r : n e m s of disgusting American people cannot well beA large company has been raided at Boeton, Bowie invented tl an tb&t of coercion, expressed or implied. County, aLd money aubeciiLHid to buyarma and amuni- Their fidelity to those of thear own section requires no$1,700; Artisans', $x',250; Exchange, $2;250. Total,they'.&r'e simply imposs ble. Does it mean to slough it- $13,610. TLe Fhe Marshal is eugaged in investigating words of Pope Alexander VIII , which say that whomshould, have heard nothing of the slave elespotism atWasl.irgton. of Slavery domination and Slavery propa^ghi.disiii in the Territories, of Fillibusterism, and of ern confederacy,-which does not include Washington inn.inert wars with J^jn.in and Mexico. This is somethe matter. tie laithful venerate tbat special favor, the Innnacu- ..;boundary beC^'cen iteelf and Freedom, and then- ex- ported armed voters' to mftke their bootless laws againstin their employ for many years, but whom they had been obliged to discharge on account of his recently- contracted dissolute tabrts, was detected by the privateself off from the nation and content itself with a South- City and the whole prestige, if not the whole power, oflate Conception of Mary, thev must be understood to About 6£ o'cloe-k on Saturday night, a fire was dis-" venerate that privilege whereby God, ic respect of tbecovered in tho West Twenty-third street Presbyterian consolation for their loss. But if wo had none we the Central Government? Crcddt JucUcus ; I don't Church, near Seventh avenue, and an alarm immedi-merits of Jesus Chiist, preserve 1 exempt fcom thestt in of original sin the soui of the Blessed Virgin, frcm tho first'instant of its creation and union with the body; and this means, that her soul, created in gra e and to sanctified by the Holy Ghoj»t, was united to her body in her mother's womb; and in thin sense the ©on- ceprion of the Bleesod Virgin is held to be complete* '•-. This is contrary of that which occurs to all ihe other. Children of Adam, wbo are conceived with the ftain of sin. TLe ends which are aimed at by this dogmatia definition are first, to increase the honor due to Mary; second, tho advantage of individual Christians; third,the advantage of the Church herself."The celebration consisted of High Mass in tbe morn- ing, and the ceremony of the " Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament" in the afternoon.should tti.'l remember that the Union and New-YorkCity presj ercd before we bought Floriila, Louisiana, believe it. The leaders of the Slavocracy are menand Arkai sas, betore we annexed Texas, and cunning enough, to keep their own wunsels; they are flames the edifice was damaged to the amount of $5,000.r.cx-»e of committal on tho part of their sister States, toset ure its permanency, and a movement or resolutionwhich can be inter] reted in no other sense adds nothingto the accomplishment'of the important scheme, whLu. before Alalama and Mississippi w e r e ad- not boll.ered with too much freedom of the press in TLe organ, wl ich was one of the finest in tho city, wasis now the subject of all men's thoughts.deetro)td. The edifice is said to be insured, for $15,000 and the organ for $2,000 in city companies. The lire doubtless originated from some defect or disar- rangement in the flues connected with the furnace forext< nded beyond free communities, may think this uoiteis'and Traders' Insurance Companies. Loss of the industrial, and the other interests of vaticination impossible and ridiculous. But others Mr. Russell $300. Loss of Fisher & AbranVirginia,; which are independent of Slavery, are ofseme;consequence; yet, m deciding on the futurecourt© of tie State, they do not give them a thought.Their whole concern is for tho single interest ol* surrounded by a population whose sympathies are water. Mr. Caflerty is insured for $500 in the Sluyv-ciai.t Insurance Company. . .Mar\ land, Delaware, Missouri, and Kentucky. In allUnien, then it will become the duty of every citizen of these States, Slavery is OHO of many interests servative, law-and-order loving citizens must, or loseollice, and wa*i lately foreman in the The 'True IVU-n*g*o&kt>. He haH always taken pains to air his the South to seek for all means to inflict injury of —not the most important by any means; aud to their labor iii electing an honest president.Abohtionipm on every oc•c•i.^ion, and wa* contidered even* kii d upon each and all of the ciiizens of the expect 'that the people of •' there States willhy mo^ of those who knew Lain to be a dangerous aad North, The effort at coercion, followed by war, can sacrifice all their other interests for the sake of pro- No. 13 Averyt.t., lioston, Dec C, 1800. EL1ZUR WRIGHT. surance Co. The origin of the fire is unknown.suspicious fellow, particularly from his pretensions to»ancliii»oi.iouHne**-. In response to the Mayor's ques- Tl e people of the South are able to pay, and will pay. tions, he admitted having conversed with free negroes Commercial revulsion may postpone, and defer pay- «m tbo subject of Abolilioi-iem, but retnsed to etatoonly prevent tl e North from receiving their just debts.tectirg the- sit.gle interest of Slavery—us they wouldundoubtedly cio if they cut loose from the great Con- CAN LAWS BE ENFORCED ?federacy ot the North to join the small bolters of the To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.FIRE IN FRONT STREET.On Saturday niyht a Ledtook fire in the apartment of Geo. FratciS, No. 30-1 Front street, but it was thrown fiom the wii.dew to tho street, and further damageSm: Ever since the late Presidential election, muchThe merchants and manufacturers of the North are stintts of self-interest and telf-preservation. South lie been Loped for, and by some expected, from the prevented.rrei t, but cannot .repeal the just obligation to pay.. South—is to believe them bereft of the common in- Jectvtho'igb l.e did n<»t deny having done so. He was thus doubly interested in preserving tbe peace, and all 'Caiolina l-$;s threatened that in case they refuse1, to joinwhether Le bad talked wi^h elaves on tne same sub- con.mitteu lor examination before the Kecorder, and,'•_ '.truly,weareenlightened.•Wearegravelyinformed £KRIOUSRAILROADACCIDKT.—AGermanbaker nicn'tliltdiutliisCourto*the20tbdayofFebruary,A,O.I36n,as be may CH<ape the law, it in more than likely he"wflf be escorted out of the city by some of our citi-zens, who think that at the leatt, if he was perfectlycocw-ieiitioue in denouncing Southerner* and trying to attendant upbu the recc-nt session of the Mississippiher in seceding, they shall hot bo allowed to send theirtheir beet efforts should be directed to that end. thrret.idcnt'B Message. Tbe Message is received, and,slaves South lor sale. This is on a par with the retal- d. iatoiy laws of Georgia,, and worthy of the political Tiie jutior editor of thin papur has been a constant "economists of the Yancey school. Virginia and Mi»-pi rp-ltiiip to tietlelattt will und te.tuinfut of said David O. ' Btod< rick, d»:cta cd. wa* ux«.'Cut<.«l by th« said Bro*l*-riCk; ai d that the came I* bitt tnut wi.l and testament, and that it won nAecutt'dui all'particulars an required by law: and thai at tie -in;e of tbe execurion of the *wno. the said Hrodericlr. was ol fcoui.d i.ud <ii' pot-irju n.itid. and not under rextraiut, nndu« iulinei 99 or fruudulent r«?prot-eutation;and that »aid att«<tiug; win. >Ki.-f.lloll' and L'bilifpe, duly witnessed tuui uttoated -.he suid « Jie.cution of faid w i l l ; and it appearing to the ('ourt that ' ed- h ai.d all of the uUeoationn and >jroundn ofcppotilitm of ij.id rctpcrritc cotttt$tOnt$ we untrue, and no proofh'i\-iu« Ixren offered by any »t hhid contestuntu, showing or teiiding to show, tbat- they were of tho rolntio!i to said decedent, by them respectively all< n< d : ai.d it not appearing to the Court that any- of' the saidhave bevn very unscrupulous during four yearn to be <oiAi» lion that the people of that State will withdraw ton, tley wih need all'the-labor the Border States can ticis to the Union, and cannot lawfully secede there- Satuiday' morning, and sustained serious injuries.living u]*>n them. f 1 om the Federal Union. The singular unanimity with Bend them; and that laws to prohibit the importationfrom, yet no power on earth can keep them in. tIt is claimed that a State cannot bo coerced—that thoMr. Stufman was crossing from Hendei-son street overj cinline: Commi»>ioners to other States, and the re-!X«e same morning, Misers. Berrean & Smith of Pass eclves of both branches, wore agreed k>—there being h<A\r of their enactment. In a word, the Border Statesthe railroad track, and ai'icr passing Mr. Hope's storet h e protection of the Bihi*h Cousul at thirt port.Cb>i»tian vi-ittd tLe Mayor, with the folljwiug letter no dissenting vcice to any of these measurcH in eitherIs this so ? Let us see. How may the United States some two Lours after.and an individual State come in conflict? Properly',in their poe*c-srion: brand—would teem to convey the idea that the entire have everything to gain by remaining with tho North,' and everything to jeopard, if not to lose, by runningThe wagon was struck by the locomotive, and com-contestant* areiatore*ted iu theaaid <wtato or will, or matter* '• Ihoaiaji Uuy. having been convicted of being an abolitioniwt L«#i. lature was in favor oi separate State action. wild witii the e;otton section. Can there be any doubt speaking, there cannot be .war between them, for in pletely demolisle-d, and Mr. Sturman was throwu t< 11< untc uj p( r oininp; and it app<nuin^ that said ttrodcriok di»«dby tho «iuz«t>S of tne town ot f'ano c hrUtian. uud Oy theui M»>U- This is true as to fsur-fifths of the bodies; but thereVfiiC^d to be traii""! orud to a htee Stute, he la ii«>w m the handx v a t a minority which, on an issue between coopera- as to the course they will pursue ? .«f Jltsura. h\ t. J>e/iet»u and L. i>. SmitJ),. with h^tructijuij to 1ion at.d separate Stato action, would have strongly Let us take heart" then. Though the Cotton States jairy b^m to New-Orleans, and th»»e to bo handed over to the may go, and drag with them Louisiana and Texas, all Chitf of i'oJice, with the re«jtie«t.that h~ bo forwarded to a Kreo favored tl.e former. Tbe discussion of the question of will not be lost.- The Union, shorn of them, will still State. })<• hiui been provided with >urticieut nieans to defray liw i-t\ arate State action was not regarded as a practicalftndfkniny's e*pen»vi»-^i"By !r^^—waichnill be handed to you 01 e, t.s there wfjs 1:0 one'who believed that a contin- be more ) o'pulous, richer, and vasilly more tranquil by Mr..If, Jf. Berrean.tie State is no war-making p>ower, nor can she main-tain troops, nor vessels of war; but, should she raisen en and arn.B, whom should she attack? She wouldLet invade a neighbor State, for toward her she has nogicundt- cf enmity, and, besides, the invadod Statecould and would promptly defend herself. The onlyoj en collision that could happen would be an attack • the head, six or seven inches in length. After theoiu the I6th ouy ofSc| tember, A. D. 1SW, a resident of the city and cot uty of .-'an 1-rauci c .' it U 1 horefore'ordered, atljuda«*d, and decreed. That naid piper htretolbie filed purporting to he the la»t will and te<tauient of Da\id C. L'rodciick deceaaed, i« the gt-nulim Uut will and te<a*- oeiit of ,<-aid Broderiek. and that tho tame wan duly executed Ivy Lin-, and attested by tho aaid wiCMoaae*. at the ».auio tliuo. In ad re«p< r>.*according to law ; and that nald last w ill and t<-<tauii>nt. be, and (he tume i» hortshy admitted to probate an tho lut will und (ettan.citt of David C. broderiek. deceased; and that naid Jol.n A. MvGlyun and Andrew J. butler be, and they are bomby uj I'oiuted exectito:a of i-aid la*t v.-il! aud tt-ntanieiit, and that let- teihtettt)n.ei.twy thereon i$*uetothe »aid petitioucra, without. nuy bond b< ing riven for the faithful execu-ton of their duties,tiie1ordr«quiredbystatute having been diupcrntedwithby the will ot tain testator./ 11J ii i« further ordered, adjudged, and decreed Tluit the alle- gatitna and ground* of opposition of naid respective cuute^t&ata trc t-uch aLd ujl untitle. M, C. BLAKE,County Judee and Ex-Ortioio Probate Jiidaie, Dated Oct. 8, 1SC0.Out cf the large number of witnesses who appeared in the care, but three persons, uiid those only iu the ehunuter of extert*, questioned the authenticity of the; r-ijinaturc'B; while amonj.r thoso whoso testitnony supported the will were both of the seconds w h o a c - e-tiijjaikdMr. liroderick to the field, and the lion. BfuuuelPurdy,ex-Licut«rnaut-Go\cruorof California; Col. Joiuttl an 1). StovotiBon, Richard M. Snowdeb, Col. A. A. Jrelover, Wm. M. Lent, Herman Wohler^ and other well-known gentlemen of high standingvw bo.were most intimate with Mr. Broderiek. and weli aeqimmtod not oidy with his relations toward mo, but with Litehauuwj itmg.I make there explanations solely to correct tho errors end apparent inferences of your article, and not ia conctMtvn to anything that Mulli;<!in has said. Tbo uliouiiimble ciiiumuy tliat bis lignature was wanted t* . give elaruiter 10a document to bo proved in Oalitbr-J is, wl ere Lie reputation' ii^ evou WOMJC than it u here, suihciontlv oontriidhtK itself.In1 eonciution, bir, I beg to say that, though quit« willing to have any proper course) of inquiry directed to the Btthjevt of Senator Brodciick's will, I protest- koura, reaped fully, F. B. H1ERN." C/hnirman Vl^il*uice Coiumiltee."Tbe Mayor delegated one of his oflk-ers to see this •5ru.ii ai.d Lis. fan.ily aboard of a hteamboat, upon whichw ithdrawing by herself. Indeed, the assurances were h.ii. n Irom the civilized u/uld in which they will finduj 011 the foitci, dock-yards, arsenals, i t c , of tho.Uuited Sittes; but over these the Constitution gives Congress com] lcie control and full power.They mi.y resist the execution of the laws of the [Jnitcei Stales, hlit no one will deny that tho Constitu- tion given tie power to enforce,these laws, for that is conferred in express terms. Should the independent sovereignty-of: a Stato be recognized by a foreign power, our representatives to that power wua be imuie-ciatcly recalled," and theirs dismissed from Washington, ai.d should' such power take any active measures to mi inti.in the State in its resistance, that would be at oiee a sufficient.cause of war.Wl at. conflict, then, can arise between the United StuUs and.the State, which Congress bus not power to snj111s*7 Nonewhatever. Shouldtherevenuelawswounds were dressed, tho injured man was sent home, urd it in thought will recover, although it U possible that he may lose bis aim. Mr. S. states that he neither saw nor beaid the train, nor heard any whistle sounded or bell rung. It is also stated that there was no flag- man at tbe crossing at the time of the accident, The horse had bia left fore leg broken off and one eye put out, and in thia condition the poor animal was allowed to remain in tbe street lor a number of hours. Consid- erable indignation was expressed by citizens in the vicinity. •-.'•'•"". A spirited meeting of the Milk Producers'Association on the Harlem Railroad was held on Thursday oi'last week at Amcnia, in Dutchess County, which was largelyattendedbythefarmersofthatstation,andalso from different points throughout the whole uiilk district of the read. An accession of thirty members was made to tie Association, and the deepest interest manifested in its suco-m—as it isvery evident that it must bo bene- ficial in a variety oi ways. The chief business of tho.meeting was a deliberation up6n tbo best method of prescnticg some of their grievances to the next Logie- latuie, an eflort of wl ich character was made, juvt at tbc close of tho last session, and w:is received with much favor, being nearly successful, arid failing only from want of time. The seme of tbe meeting was taken l y vote, and was nearly ununimous in tbeoinnion *:iat tie prevent rates of freight were too high by at least < m-Lali, being that much higher than* emerged b y thetl an it was when they were with us ten. years ago; getecy would arii-e which would pre«eut Mississippi as- and if tley do not by their gwn follies, ana the isoL-some distance. Upon being taken to tbe drug-store near tbe corner of Washington street, Dr. Quidor was called, and upon examination found that tbe left arm was badly crushed between the elbow and shoulder, and there was also a bad scalp wound on the back of>-o strc i»g that South. Carolina would go out on the l^th of December—11 at Georgia, Alabama, and other Cot-tl emtelye s, hasten too svviftly to ruin, pauperism, anddestruction, they will soon learn the cost of buying he was shipped to Cairo, care of A'w Lincoln. Toere ton MtufcS, would follow her—that the idea of Missis- their goods in the dearest market,, in the futile hope ofie a strong Southern feeling aroused in New-Orleans t i i t i bchig ] laced in an anomaly of going out by her-raising Southern rivi.ls to New-York City; and i'i a self, if she took a decided ttand, was not contemplated. 3ear or two our trade will not be conscious of tho lossat las?t, ai.d abplilionists will soon learn whether or notthey can continue to disnen.inate their incendiary doc- There'was a mmximous feeling of resistance. The the Republic has sustained.n.ifceit:lle cry of "await an Overt act" was not heard. If any bad b*en so bold as to suggest it, a consuming iraiiyi'ation would have withered them. In the lau- guage of the Pe'stdn resciluliohsj adopted in the Mem- j! is ir.ee ting, every man felt that tbe irrepressible con-I ict v.as upon hiin, and that he was prepared to meet it. .The Legulatnre adjourned on Friday, having com- pleted the bmiiices for which it had asseiublcci with a jeadyagtanetLi«n,butbewae^entdownto-theparish picmitin.de,andattheMimetimeadeliberation,which ftison to await an examination on ttie 15th of I>ecem- j ro\.j<l it to be a body well titled to act iu the present cri- er. He ha^ n<>t claimed B.-itish pvotection, as was sis. It 'defeated the " Siay biil," ag:iutt which so many stfated. Hariis was brought nature the KecoruYr; bu' of cur burii OHmeivweie interested. Wt.iie it was ad-tiii.ee tuid tamper with our negro population with that impunity they liave heretofore enjoyed through the in- ertneea or ignontn<-e of our eitizens.'P'rom The Sew •OrteaiM Delta, D ^ 1.Arthur liobtnsoji wa» before Kecorder Einerson yes- terday, on the charge of tampering with slaves and orculatiiig iucenchtry doenments. He subscribed toLETTER FROM THE REV. MR. .MILES. .To the Editor of the N. Y. Tribune.Sm: I have, perhaps, never written aline for THKTRJBUKE, and most likely should not. have written now,but for teeing a letter of mine, more than 14 years ofage,.published in connection with your Charleston cor-"Wui. IJoyd Oarrioou's B>/«IO»L I.iOcfattr and other •vile abolition trath, ai-u therewts ilenty of proof•S-it wa» understood that u writ of habeas corpus hadJfon aj-f lied for in i ie U'half, to" b<i served U(»on the wbcre'attion wi.s dictated by the best impulses, WOJtavor U:AI CLiel, Hani» was returned to bis cell, lo#CtJuid by thoae fuiKiionaiiee. AnotherftbolilipQ ca»e con e, a law by the a<;tion of tho name Legislature,mai Hout ui.expeetcoly on "tie suii of ^aotiicr Harrirt, attj&r.i ineer ot a steau.bo-.il.;at the l'mdiug? agait.st Jr*et'ei J'rov.», tn{;te of'tne boat, charging bi/n with threats ag» iubt fcis lile. it apj;eared that Brown hud Ven cowne*ted «*ome time ago in Cincinnati with some of th< doings of the underground railraid, and fearing Ifaul H.-nirf liad 'old <<r would u l l the tact against him, he tbre>der*d bin l.fe in the men? ofjso doing. Tho *a*c wsu) ti»* barged, but u'v Brown was le<tviug <;Ourl he"w?;h arresfeo" and brought beloreiUc .Mayor, whoWhich has.taken so high a Hand as to submit to the jtu^le the ^uesiion of'» Rcmtauoo" or " Submission," II would have been treated by the North us a con- cef>v;n thitt the patiiot»m t>f tl^e Soutberto people could 1«•shaken by the iv/id exigencies of afinancial crisis.' The ]ccple ol the South will Htat2d by their honor, though t r y extent of per^mal .inconvenience or depre- ciation of j er>o.nal fortune interposes to frighten thowi. Et would Lave done injustice to the business men iu ;1 e Sontl em «iii<8 of other States, who trade: uponHi tlt4in hivci load tirrough the same tit.-r ot couniies, respectfully ugt.it.st any further ex ptttc trial of t:i» and j.bi.ut tnat, much more than charged on any ot er cise-. in tlo 1cwvpnjK'rs, ba»<d on tho unpriaejplodfcs ariiele of farm freight. In ordinary freiglttH, compe'ri- gtutcn:eiits of >i pe-.ivm like Wm. Mulligan.gas t-1 i,i, soiiio ki»(I latherj) advi.e about not reaiuin- jUic&tim tenmiics. Bcsiilo' tliii', twelve mouthsJi-g nai.v bonis iu >>vw-Oilcan*, 1;»! otr di.ii.ttc tence will I e iiu e enough to enact mcli a law', if be->bould »,i(»ve deuimea'al 10 his heaicii, tfc'c;, Brown ioie then the pissettt tcnipest-^cfeeed ocean, of linancdand cc^maa.)te is not caln.cd.van Houee ut nii.o o'clock the next morning. In tjie laws. She bus only 10 guaid hor forts aud otuer prop- tiou by wagons uau iivcrcoa\oyajice usuaUy reguiatog ,ypur*.&cO OJ^O. VVJLLA.lii.Nw-Yot^Vo&^xm,took the Lint, and n» ^ U to have bloped.vocj.tcd with gieat utility by some of ourbest friends,1give their Northern brethren the go-by, without shak- aid cinliBcation; should violent interference in the districts under the exclusive iurisoiction of Congressing hands or even saluting them with a " holy kins." lc attempted, it can be repelled, and tho. iuvaderspun- A Mr. Yates, who 3K styled a revcrentl ! moved the itbed; if tLe process of the United Stares Courts is re-resolution for the split at the session of the South Car- sisted, tleje is fall'power to enforce it; should com-olina Presbyterian S)i»od, but wiser heads than hia biiicd Mined resistance be made by all or any,of tho 11habitants of any State or Territory, power is ex-tabled it; when Yates produced my epistle to him to preis-ly given to suppress insurrection; and, finally, by prove tl at a union with-Northern FrCBbyteriana was Cbate u of Sec. 8 of the Constitution, ..Congress may yn uiisufe pattneji-hlp. nuke alt laws which shall be necessary tocarry outWell, tow, I BUppose'I am somebody—but others, the foregoing'and all other powers vested in the Gov- may Lave a wish to know how it came about: hence ernment of the United States, or auy department or it must be told. officer thereof.In August, 1846, Mr. Yates camotd me a? a seaman's' CengreiB could hardly have fuller power .conferredcbj.pldi., ii-doi.scd by the American Seamen's Frioud uj < h it. •Society. He s; id he came to collect funds to build .a Tl ere ran hardly he a case where the United StatesBethel at. Cbaijcatou. 1 allowed him to preach for mo rud-aeiively interfere b'Vy. foi-co of arms. wiohiu tho01.te in tie 1 eti tl lio're, tmd, ut.Uje «l.|se of the sor- teriiioiy ol a State, oily, m « the '.State refuses tovi<e, at I ii- request, baigaiiH'.d to meet him at the Delr- su; pices an aimed rc-ustaticc tei.lhe oxecution of thoconj.',rftttib.te Mhsisripti upon its defeat. It it had be-respondenceinyesterday's issue; and published,too,as tbe only reason why Presbyterians South should 'be evaded or opposed, they may be enforced by seizure,'n.ufct knew that such a scheme derives an immense ad- vantage from the locality of the seat of Government,insured.TLe artists sustained about $200 damage each bySlavery, which they insist on protecting at tho cost ofall the other interests. So with Tennessee. ThatState contains three times as many white people as itdoe« slaves; the cash vidue of farms iu 185J, notwith- cr gcod faith of the Slave power. • Nor is it a miscella- the T\\enty-second ward* while-patrolling'bis post, dis- standing the injurious ellect of Shivery on the value ofmainly in its favor.' There is only one thing which ci.n be expected to prevent it, and that is not the honorFIRE IN THE' EIGHTH A VENUE.• v* IThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled DocumentThe power which•The officiating priest«, in the morning, were: 1st. Celebrant, Rev. Father Duronquo; Deacon, Rev. eay, and they will bring the world to their feet. With- Broadway, occupied iu the basement by Chas. R'tHsell ' Father O'Hara; Sub-deacon,'Rev. Father Farroll ofSLortly after 2 o'clock yesterday morning a fire of n.ent ol national independence. Give them labor they strong military precautions to secure the undesired con- mysterious origin oe-eurred in the building No. 650 stitutional succession, come into Washington on the. as a concert saloon, on the firnt and third floors by T.out oiscuBsing the soundness of this theory, it may be 4th of March next with such a mob as to prevent the A. Wilmurt, looking-glass and picture-frame manufac- St. Ann's; .Master of Ceremonies, Rev. Father palely said, tiiat the Border States have no such'ele- turer; on tie second-floor by Fisher & Abrams, manu- McGuire. The High Mass was componc-d expreswly for nei.t of independence to rely on, and that iu their case, inauguration of Lincoln. They will not probablyei'izenscf Tennessee, all of which go to prove that thereafter; bo throwing on the demoralized North the matter to feed ..upon, tbe rear of the build- thote States ought to join the Cottou States iu their ing was destroyed. The Planters' Hotel--wasrevolutionary movement. These persons commit the responsibility of rebelling against the de faclu Govern-singular • error of nupposing that Slavery is the only ment of the United States, having possession of the firemen, by directing an occasional stream of water interest in the border Stated worth protection or con- public buildings, archives, Treasury—empty to be sure, upon the rear wing, waved it from much damage.'About 3j[ o'clock on Saturday morning a fire was .discovered in tbe four-story brick building No.?332;thatFIRE IN A CHURCH.ately raised. The firemen responded with alacrity, but before they.could succeed in extinguishing thestoiy rear windows by Mr. 11. L. Knight, proprietorto the, street, made her way nearly barefooted to the 'Lufai>*e House.Much of the stock of Mr. Wilmurt was removedAt 2i o'clock .yesterday inon.ing officer M. Kelly ofl 1.,.w..i--*",,'*v^''j»->-^. ;--M'--..,'.v.-• '. . ...»=«»»«»«mTIKE IN ORKKKWlCH STKXKT—SUSPICION OK INCEN- at Millerton,-the upper end of tbe milk district, atGreenwich street, near Beach, occupied by Hoffman &wedge, may prove my ruin, as I may become proud, cepting the first floor was destroyed. A private AwcsEMRNTS.—The attractions at tho theators for theAbrams $6,000; www.fultonhistory.com 