 wfor Abra»tUUD.HURRAsurely come, ^co taroaga."ABE."» t all the mv.k». w»MfmuhCraw.Ooff 0», Stephen Dug!refal w««t **»o do,<Hur TrwxtUo CorraapoAdamce. T*rmu>, Honduras, August 17,16*0.Apprehentiont e / m Att*l—Whm<amU» of t\t Duft*. *•*$«* ffomawt—The CteUauAfraid to Return— WeSm't. Ch*n,u» of Surest— Cbndtfwiiof tke Fort, «u.General Walker still holds the fort and town of Truxiilealthorgh the enemy that was dispossessed by hiss oa the morn Ag of the 5th still larks A the neighborhood. As- sorts come A to us hourly every day that a certain and heavy attack is to be made upon us by the enemy's whole force on the coming night; yet thus tar we have neased nearly every night uadAtarbed, but nave been vary v.c> Ant and ready for our enemy, A case he had come tpor. as. There are said to be several bandred of tbe raceway citizens ot the town at an encampment a few leagues from here. They have thrown up a barricade, fearagthat tbe Americans might follow them up to orAg tbesn back, after the fashion of other "takers of a city," as such A very commonly the case A Central America. Ibe sold Are from the fort are sear the people, a posaesitcs of a pass, perhaps the only one from tbe town t*at leads Into the interior, which a few men well armed can boM against s Arge number. As we have no occasion a: present to use tbA pan, they can hold it at the.r plea- sure until they become tired. It A said there are seventy - five of these soldiers of the enemy. What arms and an • monition they may bsve with them we cannot say to a certaAty, but many of their muskets snd shot gone have been picked up amend here where the brave sons ef Mars dropped them is their hasty exit; snd we prescae the.r supplies of powder and lead not to be exunsive. We do not, at least, anticipate much harm from themjAtheir unarsAted efforts, and some days mast elapse be- fore reinforcements from tbe interior can come to the* help. Tbe citizens, however, ought to ocme bee*, for we make no war agaAst tbem. Tbey are perfectly harm less, and would be gAd to come back to their homes, bat tbey fear thai if they should recognise the authority of ceneral Walker by returning, that GuardioA would visit tbem with a terrible vengeance when they came witbA hA bloody c'utcbes. If they felt assured that dur'ng tbe warfare now waging in Central America, t-aardioA's power to do thei.i harm would be stripped from him, and a humane and liberal party man be entrusted with the executive authority; if they could hope for a speedy end- ing of their long < ontinned oppressions by ihA meats they would retnrn to their now deserted hah: Alices and pursue with confidence their usual avocations. Many c; the Carlo AdAne, who are indillerent as to wbat govern- ment ezAA, or who A A power, have never Aft town, but continue to occupy their hats as usual.I believe, from what I can bear and see around me. that General Walker can hold this fort for an unlimited period. Tbe road between .here and Oomayagoa A moor famous, rugged and difficult of travel, and a courier wouiCBBTTI. w. -- tret'banners to the bree,r— #& on yo-ir work-wg gear,. . v i x > r m m i , M theapilof Uncie5U t r vNow pel b* shoulder u> tL- vt#.;, aid workThe ni. -t> •"-• >ut« baa been abused—ior frame is gettingAnd evtiy It.ciUio gale that blow*, makes all her tim- bers • roaJcBar cr*w a act .4 lubber* are.—h«r ofEoers a sham,•""• let m tura them aJ ashore, aad put in Abraham.F« "l bate her cteaased from keel to truck—make all her'•gg'-ng aew, %"'••V an ctr democratic leaks, aad ah.p a jolly crew,for 'Abe's toe buy to take command—be 8 noble, just eal i'rmve,Aad where be pomta her mighty prow, will freedom's banner ware.Then let us make the welkin ring with voices loud and strong,Tia alltb» m:ihoca of our land shall join in freedom's Then •>••! Virocracy moat bow before the people'srChoice,The tuui»i ucarteti patriot, oldAbe" or I L A O ATHE kibtNO TIDE.eONG (OB TBS u « « r KCfl'SU'CAS GATHEEiHi AT »«!« -WSKIIMI 12. <S60.•i, they cosse, a mighty throng, T*ey tmg of the fathers who made en free,ta L.c-Mia and Ham tin aad liberty.ILey Oftn«, they r»ju.e, a victorious throng, fvtfeat og tie r<x-s we have fougUt so long;As *av»* of the ocean subdue the sandThey dosage the oemies of the land.They ~*>rae. *B*y cone, with armor bright, lb* t'-Af err defenders of truth aad right;So de»'Js of corruption tha.r hands shall stain While ieei'iBr annulled our Cair uomain. They ooxe. ftiey corce, with freedom's light, rnspali Ag it" darkness r,f slavery a night. That fa.a would c'trghadow car . rgio EOIJ, /^grading forever til's while man's toil.Aad ttlli M;»y come io proud array—V, what t an age to this glor'ous day''ity's ruaae let us ail proclaim, givr u> :r.e nation on lying farce.WIDE AWAKE.There '. a .abor to be wrought. There's a n e that no atasi run,ll-r» > a battle to be fought, And a victory to 'MJwouIor a cbrr&te-l nation'8 sate?11-' >• people plundered long.By the banded hordes of wrong;I1 an<; "o tbem, brave and strong;i -->-.T*v-mi*tm«'*"ri'xXt*. Hide awake, beys! Wide awake.1I n.u. vu« Jt rwuai-n- South,Cre. p.og dawn the glorious West, W>to a rfaoti mark on bis mouth,And a n rroc on bxa crest, l.'->m*e at ac.. infernal Kcake!Wb M be ini*a wan double tocgue, Now Mfore. the coil la sprung, SMXTOn.ni.hrothera.oldandyoung!o - « . »K« »,..; i.„.t . «tako;WMe awaae. boys: Wide awake? Stalled in every public crib,»•« ••" •••>• «••"»i' m* beerasSO ttroB achee on the rfb,Clean ibe Augean bam: aad make(mee tar all a cleansing sweep; WJth a rver a beadlaag leap,iw i ..-* u. <*> luv l*i.uuu.g uid#pt i nb..v.<wi°a but>|BTy Jai.e.'J UJ»awake,boya; Wideawake.'Ihin the .-ea-lp e nrirmurir>-' p*oes i . • • . ' - - • h i l l u o l \ l » ) n . . .Jc the r>or.ou Cowers sad vnes,Of it priri. . » tui»H«i iu» U)aram the shores of sen and »*e, . ^ . .'. r.. ., , .*! i«.t imu »ca,-^ .^••wxg thai we will be free— \:*> . and .et i»ur watchword be•,l,-'.^»t tN>**">rjrff '"ma*»»e! Widt awake, boys! Wide swaae."A CAMPAIGN SONG. Tva—Hurrah, b rrah, hurrahl('u ACK- t toe man to w u tb« fight, RorraS. hurrah, hcrrahiBe suaes for freedocu at J the r^ht, Htrrah, hurrah, h-rrah'He',! r TOo.d Buck u;s walking papers, And II.«<M o "ir i'ug ml wrmdrcue carmrs,Kjrrao, h. rrah, hurrah, hurrah! Eorrah, hurrah, hurrah!Bis hour oaa brougbt the people's m :c, • t! trrah, hurrah, borraoHJ> statwart form shall tend the van, ficrrae, hurrah, hurrah:An 1 '-"i'..mi's battle is b«Kun. We wiJ not rest till \ :ctcr> 's won,li t • r*.i, nurralt, .Vo.Our iaaie' • ""•. t»A tried. »Bd rr»vn,B.rrat, tcrrth, h-rrah! Bis heavcT will o- r wintry taxe,ti rran.Uuriau, uurran.vnd io be oomes, bis towering f.rm ^t»nd»£^m beiore the r'aing t!' rtt.HcTrab, hcrrafc, &c.sshaaaocraoy .i not the •'. 'V, H'trrab, i :rrah, bcrraa'an IAC T.l-traah <<•'.•» had en«- -£L; Hcrrah. hurrah, hurrah!© J a be » l ! "!<»D»e the A-.ig(>an sinbie,right,And, though your foes ir. storms assn.!, yet God will gi re be some An da;s in sankAg the trip. Thus, GuardioAw i , r r ,' °Sr • and able'B 's raa 'j--B rrab, hurrah, *ca>u KMS~I Cue* L's thing* m . n na. k, Hurrah, h rrah, h«jjTab!W. verota live man •a b;s track, liuirah, hurrah, hurrah!AOC Eiick «<! Dc^ snail gc together, j- no" row ;be r craft %*y up Salt ristr.Hurrah, b rrah, .%,-.TH : B \TTT.E GROUND OP L i r E . twotherv, ta the coming ooat'et, arf-Umr;. u theooming strie,feter boidy on the contest,'Ite ibe battle ground of rt*.Wide afar, yo r gloriovia benBer, Spread IT earth S fenmt-T*' rtrand. fYeelom s ni*h and holy watchword, •' T.ibertv througtom the land."Hub -•-''. brave and gal.act .'eadere, Wbt wo-.^J falter.' who _an iai..-jBeii: Bell! Bell Bell!Ringice forth tbe celebration of the wedding of - nation,North and South henceforth united, under Bell! Hear it toil Disunion's knell-Bell : BeiM Bei;:What a world of solemn warnings In that funeral eadeaeeswell;A nation sees its error,And faction shall in terror, Trembling slink back to its native bell,When the glorious nite shall Moa'. From a glad nation's throat—"Our vote A—Boll:" Andthe people—aye, the people—. Shall rAg from every steepleThat •_ ltd knell.Not tolling—lolling—tolling—In a muillod morotone. But a peal ot triumph rollingThat might rouse a heart of stone. Ha is neither man nor woman,He is rat ur brute than human,But the bondman of some party, who shall hear unmoved that toll.!H it roilIU pn n o'er tho nation, IA thankful exultation! Hear it tellThat a nation's beart beats time to the music of the chimeOf our Bell!Shout in brotherly communionOur peace shout—"Union! Union!" To a happy, happy rAgingOf our Bell!Make It swellIn hearty ringing!Join the chime with hearty singing- Bell! Boll.' Beir Bell!Bell of triumph! Bell of promise! Bell' Bell! I fell!S,-t it ringing—set, it swinging— For John Hell;THE BOBBIN' CANDIDATE.Am—Bobbin' Around. Tbe '• Little GAnt's" on a tour.Bobbing around, around, around- He's making speeches by the scoreAs he goes bobbing aroond.Ho 'a now m the New Engand States Bobbingaround,around,around• 'And spouting at tho greatest rates ' AMhe goes bobbing around.He tries to find hA mother's home, Bobbing around, around, aroundBut all around it does be roam, As he go js bobbing aiound.He trios to fitid his father's grave, Bobbiug around, around, aroond •But more his bacon tries to save, As be goes bobbing ar Kind.Be tlnds hA case a desperate one, Bobbing arouad, around, around-And krows that something must be done As he goes bobbing around.^'J'??"TorebouDd t0 *kkethestcmo Bobbing around, around .aroundBut dreads thai Hue word called"'Pvumn 'Woere-r' .r L u on le*<jt.ai.C'- right and uuth prevail.vi.ior'oun, Wt -e • ar E.iailiu, tru<: to duty.Sccrnr th» o:.cr«d UsmpUag nrtbe; Brotherv tl ai we paum to enter Whei'j 1Kb noble lea ers gu de?gSycai. alo d :n tonee of thunder,Let the world adm.ring ace.We art freedom's heaven born children, Aid we wir! aad dare b* free.Itve w> act as Gad due :t» as.Free in oonsatence, free ui-wiU,While u> every child we offerAll •!* choicest blessings still.l.st ra battle for our Union, •ntue for its glorious laws;For that good ok] Constitution, Feuded on n righteous causa.K gut we are, uud right pursuing, tiooa the glorious day wt.l come,When no dark and damning feature Anil talent our Southern home. Then m one united effort,t laaoa- Kasi and golam West,two of tbem to turn agaAst Walker, make a coniession of three periods during each day, viz: at 9 A. M., and 8 and _.— •» .— *-•* - - nil of which was sheer gammon.With the North aad tioutb to guide them. All will seek one common rest.Fa'.h forg» time r«ita and sections,aach \ rg< t.jjg class and clan; O*. utiiv t*ch aua all an eijual In vhe Brothcrboou of man.ROOT Hot; OR DIE. Wind Drieads Til ha. e yt»t au to know, m 1968When Abraham Lin--.'.n ^iu Ur the Senate of the **tata Be didn't get to the Senate, and iTieU you^r^eaUABE AND THE WHITE HOUSE. ^IR_•' Wiuow Machree.''Abe machree, there's a «h»p in tbe West, Och bone: Abe machree!A "Little Guuit" that's never at rest, Och hone: Abe machree!And of him they tell tales. He takes out of the sails Of ail splitters of raiAThe wind easy and free; l a y s them flat on their back,Beth the white and the bAck,Och bone! Abe machree!Abe machree. when November A come, Ochbone!Abemachree'Your speech will become, be me soul, quite dumb, Och hone' Abe machree:For the North and the West, And the South and the rest, Will pat on their bestFor the "GAat" you see; And you c a n t get a StateBut where you'li be bate,Och hone! aeushls machreo!Old Coon, they'll put you to ride on a rail, Och bone! Abe machree!With nothing to play with at all but your tail, Och hone! Abe machree!Its myself that duos decmre Tratyourgriefyoumustbear— Tie "GAat" A c .mbUig your hair , ^ So smooth and so free;tnere Is no use m grief, itwillbringnorettef,Oah hone! Abe machree'Abe machree: its a aha,*, , f o r w M€ >•n,.i •>.. o., .K ^mei A b * machree' That the South aad yourself caauot asreewmd hauled to N\, a abower, with rain evening aad nAht'Sunday—MornAg, overcast and coo!; afternoon ami without officers and Beiizo withoS I aJZ? .* A>aiaphcn A. Douglas made hum singftoot hog or die! Old honest Abe, he started through the i»n,iWivb a little bit oi whiskey in but Utile can van Sonne money lor the weary and wbiakay for the Jr* BM Stephen A. Iwuglns soon made him singnigh! Sear'* "^ * * ' •*» pleasant; speak with any degree of accura-y, a« ttere areBoot hog or die'Kvery man Oid Abe wot:td meet he'd try to bnv his M « With a little bit ot money or pouring whiak* dawn^,rhiakydown ninthroat,Be didn't get their votes, and ill tell you the reasonwhy.Stephen .V. made him tingRoot bog or die'Cad Abe went home and Doagtas taok the Senate chair.Bajkdd bus wife about it, "La ma'' says she, "Abe, 1do declare,Your mooey is all q>ent and your whisky keg is dry Xbe I .tUe O.ant m u e y o n n i n jRoothogordie'SON OP THE DOUGLAS INVINCIBLES.Ho, -onoradt* arouse. ib» assembly baa -o ra let' The sword ef the patrtot bounds from Its sheathUw aag by the bxa«a of the free is surrounded WN>veworetodefendita triumphorOeaihHigh, high is each arm upraised to defend it, AJJ tared i each bosom to welcome the frayFaithful and true are the chiefs who Uiroci it, ' Then, shoulder to shoulder, lor Uoo;laa hurrahFrom luofiekN w!*ere bright ecuthem sunlight is glowing » rom the gaJant rotuig West on hac beautiful plainFrom the ihorea where I *s bouadteas Pac:Ac i ;i owics hrom the Ar d..stanl forests of Xorthrrn sla ne, From the snow covered hill, from emerald valley,got brothers are ha ieoA| to/ua ifcv array •South Boston, by which five**Rita, AcSays Abr'am —"By friends, I've come here to say That tbe democrat -dog' bat, just 'bad hi* day;'Tbe people have trusted you more than they ought to; And all that I ask is a glass of coll water."Ri tu, ft;.'*Co!dwater!"»aidBuck,"we'vegotH,1thiag; Though 'us not with our party a laroriie drink; Oar tipple wo >ske on it* own naked merits,Aad we need something strong to keep up our sporits." ' BI ta, Ac.Tbe Cabins* search * tbe White House with s will, Bat «id not find w.ter 'pat down in the biii."J a m Black made report that, wiVhont any doubt. Tbe whiskey was plenty, but water was oct.RI tn, Ac.So Abe took bis itave and returned to the West, LeavingBockandhis<a*inetsomewatdepressed—For they saw a ith glance how 'twould sod, without fail :— They were bound ior Salt River, this tlm», on a rail 1Ri ta, Ac.A NEW Y ANKEE DOODLE.VanA« I'octile's come to town, And on mature reflection.B ;'s going to do tbe black " 'Pubs* brown I Attbenextebction.Yankee Doodle he's quite well, And cats a handsome figure, 0;J'.-'* going to vote for Johnny Bell, He will not go for Sambo.Yaokee Doodle dees as well Au any body can, sir;And like tbe ladies, he's for Bell, And mon to a man, sir.Yankee Itoodle never fails,When he's resolved to try, sir, To elect a mm for splitting rails,He thinks is "all my ey," sir.Yankee Doodle cats a swell, Aliho' he will not bet, sir: Yet be goes in for Bister BellAad Edward Everett, sir.Aad he invites you one and ail, Wttate'er may be your station,To vote tor Union and John Bell, And that will nave the nation.POPULAR SOVEREIGNTY.Th i People are tbe sovereign power,To tbeai was given the precious dower,Of every watt-h and ward;If to themselves they be not true, They bitt.-rlv tho hour will rueWhen laithiess to their guard.P irty may caose tbem to for^eiToe memories they should hallow yet,A id lead them blindfold to the doom Where fettered they must pine in gloom,Their liberties betrayflJr\> late tbe scales will fall from eyes That saw our country's Eagle rise, But darted by ambition's glare.Fell easy victims to the snareWhich they themselves had male. When men iufceled with - the 3tate" Cease to remember what is great, And deem themselves immaculate,' TA time tbey were taught reason Tbey are bit agents, and your wili It is their duty to lultillFor otherwise were treason. Then, on tbe buthdiy of our year, Up»n your country's altar swear,To carry out the planWhich with their blood your fathers woo, b o by immortal Washington,And left a priceless legacy,' While man rule himself, tint ha Protecting ail altk», the free,Is best to rule o'er man:"As wOeu the bow of hope appeared,Like liaming wiog of Eastern bird,To guioe the "chosen poople" through Tbe wilderness, there A in viewIrom tbe Droaa West, a Brilliant light With sheen as steady, full aud brightAt sun in summer t>ky;Above tbe threaten mg clouds that lower, It shines witn timnminished power.And patriots hail a happier hour,"And Dougtas A tbe cry:"From North to South, with one acclaim Tbe rapturous people shout his name, Eager to fill bA meed of fame,•Set it ringing, ringing, ringing. East and West, and Sooth and North,Till, like some oelestAl ringing, Its chimes of peace seem briningFraternal echoes forth! Ringing "Union!" "Death to Faction! From onr firm, united action,"through the airHosannas unto manbood's Adepecdence everywhere.it Vermont was b.s t.idhood cursed, i'A breezes and its riilr.First lullabed tte -ieep of birr v.host came the cation fills,And o er Its crags and riva'ats, with oversowing joy, Tte Pouglas of- careered n sport, a curly headed boy.CHor.cs—Tbe lovgAs coiumn rolling, Ac. Conaecticit,' .hede Island, and the Empire State that saw H e triumph as a workman, and his work without a Haw; The Jersey and tbe "Keystone ?:»te a!! ,oyously attest Of all the men wbo hoid the fceAa, the DougAs A theb<?8t'CBORIS—The DougAs coiumn roiling. &.z.Tbe Diamond -;st< and lAryland. tbe mother .^tate ofall,Are mutter.ng tbe:r choruses u- swe:J tbe DougAs call; The Booster State, Or.io Iowaand Eentuct,Kississ DP and Arkansas come spurring A the rock!ciiOBCs— The D ougAe column roLAg, .t-The t dirgt from tbe<H>ident e n , acd fromtfca stiriess saac,That loll the Afant Oregon—electr'.'y the breeze!For high acove the factions they Live waved the DougAsfag.And shown their sister severe.gne Jo lane was but abrag.Cnoms— Tbe Douglas coli;a;n roli.nu:, &e.Tbe true brave men of GcorgA, Alabama, Tennessee,Are grd.ng up tbelr loins again 'or a Douglas victory; Axid Michigan and Texas, a cere Sam Houston rules tberoosi,Wisconsin and br~>*d IliinoA of Docrfas triumphs boast.CHUBI-S—The DougAs coiumn rollAg, Ac,And soon tbe Carolines will re echo baca our strains, Whiie Minnesota sends her shoo A forces the Westernplains;And,:inked again in Union, ail Actions wane and pale Before the Little GAnt, who knows no such word as mil.CiOKI --The DougAs column roiling, boys, the Douglas banner spread,Upon tbe breeze of victory, that column overheard; The I'ougks song of triumph, boys, high hymningtbroogh the air,Bosannsr unto manhood's .^dependence everywhere!IVetaoroloariesU Register.The annexed table shows the temperature of the at- mosphere A tbA citytduring the week ending September 8, the range of the barometer aud thermometer, the vans.' tion of wAd currents, snd tbe sAte of the weather atof Proceeding* by At Local Aulkorilite—Mr. S^perin- ienient Prvx—Wafer's Monument*—Alarm AmotfAt 'M Pfoj\e—l~tr.ot'.- ivxr—Dxttks—Trade, etc.Yor. w,!. I have no 'loubt, have heard before yoo re-ceive this tLat • en-'ra: Walker has taken TruxJio.My obect A writing to you on this subject is A Alormyoa of the ,-tod : operandi in which it was ac^ompHshed Walker came dowr. to Ruat ::expecting to find that AAs>d given up by the British government to tho SUte of HOE dares, and if nothdng bad transpired at Buatan contrary to the expeoation; of tbe British government, tbe coiccy of the Bay Islands would bavo been given up, and the EnglAL flag have waved there no longer.But one of the members of the Roatan I.Agtoiature— who felt, ae did every other man on that IsAau, thai •; was sa outrage to their feelings and on their right wrote a note to ome of tbe other members of the .b!y that he thought it best for them to meet and Ake measures to establish their independence, and establish s government when the British government sho.ld with- draw their protection from them. This letter was g ven to Mr. Moir, the presiding magistrate at Buataa, who seat il A ta Mr. Price, tbe acting buperAtesdent at Be- lize. He is an old soldier—he thinks himself all EngAnd, and En,- and all the world. He took jaaaage on one of her B» csty's steamers for Roatan, aad there declared Mr. Elw;o. tbe writer of the note, a traitor, and said he had two muds to have him bung at the yard-arm of the steamer, or words to that efloct. He place 1 a company of the Second West India regiment and a score of artil- lery men on the island : turned out Poppleton. another membtr of Assemb: •, and a lustiee of the pea re from hA ethos, and I believe several others; came back to Belise, and sent the steamer off A starch of Walker. wbo was re ported to be at tbe ?waa Islands, and also sent detpatchee by the Attorney General of Belize to Jamaica, to ua'traa Governor Darling that Walker and hA filibusters were A the vicinity, and be feared would takeRoattn. Gover- nor Darling sent back tbe steamer—toe Icarus, screw, cfele en guns—to look after Walker, and protect Britah interests A the Bay oi Honduras; and it wai reported that she was to capture Walker wberevcr she oiiJ and bim, and that in no case would she allow ban to land atRuaian, Truailio or Omoa. Mr. Price went in her againto Ruatan, and there made a famous speech, gave a din -ner, sad then went o.er to Troxi A. where be had agreat dae.-e, and promised to give Walker bA f he caneagain into the Bay of Honduras; went back to Roatan towatch a few of Walker's men wbo baa been l e t there; got'FiiiOHKMo> KKRU.RXKoaWOI»S-_FIVBManDrjcRXD An accident occurred at about five o'clock thlsmornin7men were burned, one of whom is in a dangerous condition. The men, who are employed on tbe premises were drawriTM"*^' ""i? " * with other TOUME ottoV% k,-pt stored8 1 ^ ^ ' " * " * ;The foe la advancing, so rally, boys, rally,Come, sbo-Wer to shoulder, for Dog)** ttirrab.Onward,boyi, onward, tbecoiamii 'c mot on; c » l u the arrow that speeds fr-» the now,Strong as the thundering billows of ocean. Btrst in year might on the ranks of the foe;loriard, boys, drive the fanatics t»efore us, •Veiter their rooted ba'ta ions ike sprayThe nam of our Iclon aro lettering oar us, Tben, ib<ukler to sbouide-, for Douglas turrah.OLD ABE'S PRELIMINARY VISIT TO THE WHITEHOUSE.Old Abr'»m there was wfeo Jtved out m the West, Qtt . m d by his neighbors the wisest aad beat;Aai yr J'It «ee. an a time, if you follow my ditty, B 'w ho took a Straight walk op to Washington city.Bi to, so. H:- home was a< Spriogfield, out in llliooie,W e r e ha'd !osg been tbe pride of the men and the hoys: B it hi- left bis white house with no <ign of regret,For he knew that tbe people bad another to lot.Rita, Ac.8o Abr'ID he trudged on to Washington straight,And reached tb* White House through the Avenne gate: OJ Bock and his cronies (some chaps from the cjoutn) Bat rouhu in the Bast room •• rather down in the mouth.Bi to. Ac.Old Abe seized the knocker and gave such a thump,Buck tbr>i gbt the t?sate ahip had ran into a etomp;He trembled all ovt- and turned deadly phle,"That noise'' said he, •• must have been tnade with arsiL" Bi to-, Sic. "Ran Lewis, run Jerry, and open the door—''And too "function *ry" nearly fell down on the b00*— "There's on'y one man knocks that way. I'm blessed' Aed ho is ttat tarnal old Abe of the Vt'e :t "Ri tu, ko. The (sbiaet, frightened, tat still in their s-uw,While Abr"am tmpatient, tbe rapping repeats,« I hope « Bint Abe," seM <HI Back, palo and gray, "If it is, buys, there'll bo bore the dev.l to pay."Ritu.ftc.• A t last, tar ugh reluctant, Bock opened the door, A"d found « chap waiting, six feet three tr lour;•*I have orme, my tine fellows.' said Abe to the ring, *•I > give i on fair notice to vacate next Spring."'Ri tu, Jkc."The people have watched yon. and made itp their mind Tnat your management's running the cooulry behind; You're badly in debt,'and youi plan is a bold one—Io make a new debt to pay off the oldone.Ri tu, &&"You and Douglas have so split your party in twain, That 3pt.aiding's best glue can't unite it again;And both parts are useless, the country don't need 'em, For one goes for slavery and t other 'gai ttst freedom.Ri ta, i c ."So the people conclude that tbe best thing to do Is to rigLt tbe State ship and hire a new crew, And engage a new Captain as soon as they cau. And lit my duty to tell you that I am the man.''Ri tu, &o."Come in," says old Buck, "and sit down Ur. Lincoln— Tbe rt marks you h_*e made are something to think on. 1 don't ore a cuss for the country—that's ilat—But if you'll boat Douglas you can take my old hat."Ri tu, &c."Steve Douglas,'' «aid AH«, "be belongs to my State,And I did b at him well m the year 'M:If I catch htm agitn in the canvass, he'll findWhat it meats, when folks talk about 'rttnn.og behiai.'Ri tu, Ac."SJ yru n«*dn't fear Dug, let him scheme and conspire, He's a* deep in the nied as you're in the it:ire.And Ibis noral bell learn when bid game is ail played: That it A not by -squatting' that 'sovereigns are nude.' "Ri tu, &c." Mr. Lincoln," says Bock, " your notions I think,It a a bit of romtjet!,For faith you'^e'lo chance Of a squint or a < : u «Tbe rooms for to see; That •' Giant'' wU' bo thereWoo A combine your bair,Och hone! Abe tnachree.Tken take my a;vice, acushla :r.a,-hree; Oca hone: Abemacht-ee;Acd for it at <>anv>, yon !1 be thai"-• :':i to me. Oco hone! Abe machree;Take car'* and rem* mber Tbe sixth of November, WillsplitupyftortembcrMisi sorrowful to see; It will send ;• oti t knowWhere the goo i n'^gprsgo.Och hone! A>Jmjgdkrst.•TIS D0UGLA8 AND HTS MEN."Dinna ye hear the Slogan, boys:" Ant—"John Anderson, my Jo, John."O, dinna ye h<w the slogan, boys.' 'Tls Douglas and hismen'They count from ttaine to Oregon., a host beyond yourkec;they strike for popular S3rereignty, from every bill andglen!O, dinna ye hear the slogan, boys? "Tis Douglas and bismt.nlBehold the gallant multitude, emerge from ranche and plain,From city, town and vilAge, from workshop, field and lane,With hoarts brim full of unity, from every hill and glen 1 0, dinna ye hear the slogan, boys/ 'lis Douglas and hismen!The old, the young, the middle agod, now all go band inhand,From mountain top to ocean tide, they join the Unkwband,With nrits of popular sovereignty from every hill andglen;, dinna ye hear the slogan, boys? Tis Douglas and hismen!We split tbe ranks of scctionolists, instead of splittingrails,And pwb tbe Little Giant on—we knew he never failsTo lash bis hopeful enemy from every hill and glen.0, dinna ye hear the siogon, boys? 'Tis Dauglae and hismen?We greet the i^uth, wo greet the North, tbe Union andthe West,We bavo a welcome acd a hand for every foreign guest. We scorn your negro chivalry, from overy hill and glen. 0, dinna ye hoar the slogan, boys/ Tis Douglas and bismen IWe walk and talk, and never sleep, but start at firstalarm,To guard the white man's ballot box from black impend-ing barm;We light lor white equality, from ev»ry hill and glen.O, dinna ye hear the slogan, boys? l a Douglts and hismen.'The Wide Awakes, though half asleep, may think it pas-sing strange.That such a clan of Never Sleep should thes before themrange;But )o! it A tbe giant tribe, from evflry hill and glen.0, dinna ye bear the slogan, boys4 'I'd Douglas and hAmen?With heart and soul we welcome all, to this great Uniondrill,Why linger in that dismal ?aag, so cheerless and so chill ? Here you may shout for liberty, from every hill and glen, u, dinna ye hear the slogan, boys '< T A Douglas ana hAmen!We all unite in this great fight the Gentile and the Jew, Americans and Irishmen, the Germans good and true: Cheered on by popular sovereignty, from every hiii andg'en,0,dinnayeheartheslogan,boys" TisDouglasandhismealNow, three times three for "Little Dug," let shouts beloud and long.Alone the line of battlement, by music, speech and ong- March on, march on, to victory, from every bill and glen. O, dinns>} e hear the slogan, boys ? Tis Douglas and tismen.'A DOUGLAS CHANT. Our hearts with manly ardor glow,Hurrah! Treason's power to overthrow,Hurrah! To fcecrge tbe traitors to their den,Acd give tbe rule to houest men. Hurrah hurrah! hurrah) For Douglas and the Union stand,We pledge ourselves to save the land, Ann bring again beneath their sway, The glory of our ancient day.Hurrah hurrah!hurrah!We march w ith hearts resolvel and strong, And for onr country rat£e our rong; Preserve the rights of slave and freeO. the States that are, or are to be.Huirab' hurrah! hurrah IThen shout again the battle cots,We'll conquer with the freeman's vote; 'Tillvictorycrownourpatriotcause We'll neither faint, nor tire, nor pause.Hurrah: hurrah! hurrah 1JOHN BELL. Hark to our country s B)i!!John Bell!What a world of joy and promise should Its melody fore-tell.To the tintlnnabuAtioD, wherever It may swell, Of Everett and Bell:Bell: Everett and Bell!The hearts of all shall echo to the music of our BelliHear tbe mellow wedding Bell! Union Bell!What a world of hsppiners Its harmonies foretell! From our nation's deepest night,How it rings out with delight, With each molten golden noteAll in tune!Wbat a song of joy shouM t'oaiFrom a gAd nation's throat, Very soon!South and East ring out our Bell! West and North its echo is swell!MaKe it tellOt the future "All It well"'Share tbe joy that should compel All to bear a hand in ringing, All to join In such a sw: ngini;Of our Bell: Bell! &1EThai afar its voice may tell that a nation's choice is Bell!Now b o c e s t a s n , where'er yon are, Bobo.sg aromtd, around, aroend, You'd better got in "freeuoms car,"Instead of bobbing around.For otherwise you can't come in, Bobbing around, around, arooai;For "Uncle Abe" is boend to win, As you go bobbing around.DOUGLAS AT THE GRAVE OP HJ3 FATHER, ieneas bore from burning TroyHA aged father; fi'tal boy!Bat, T f an. own yourself outdone ByStephenDouglas,nobleson!Be had a father, and he died;And there's no doubt that Stephen cried, At any rate, he ne'er forgot,'Hong squatter sovereigns, that spot.Be wished to sos that chen&ed grave, Wi.o brlcy tears t u sods to lave;But oh, hA grief I alackaday I Hard-hearted mortals stop bis way.At every station 'round him pressAn eager crowd he must address;He tells L .s grief to each huge throng In doleful speeches, sad and long Through tribulations deep and sore That turf at length he's weeping o'er; 1'nls full of tears "tbe Douglas" shed Ipon his falkn father's head.Then, touched with pity at hA griefThe pater comes to his r 'lief;Hie spirit rose, sad thus it spake:— "Stephen, cease weeping ior my sake; Dry op, my son, those watery eyes; Forget that broken "compromise;"Tbe future beams with radiance bright; In torn of clams you shall delight.The people kind will not compelYou ;n mat White House e'er to dwell; Bat, clever souls1 will let you lieUpon "tbe shelf," until you die.Then heed these words, my darling boy: No more > our thoughts lot tame employ; Cease working for the nigger trade,And read your Bible in the shade."CAMP AIGN ^ONG. Here 8 to onr tiag. the Unicn ii»g,Thd Gag our aiders bore;Let it lloat from Atlantic's graiite cragTo eacific's golden shore.Let the summer broe e, frtm the oid pine wood*.From sunrise till lis tot, Awaits the mountain solitud' sWith Bell and Everett.Oo no to the gathering Bfbbid Our standard far and wide;No «tar eclipted—no wrinkltd fold; Ocr glory and our pride.stay its coming future ever be Wbat all its put has been:Let it wave as free o'er the "TLirty-ttree" As ever the 'Old Thirteen."Through chill November's dreary storm (Ab tbe mirky black clouds lift),S3 ill \ccm tbe Union's state'y form, Amid the sleet and drift,Ab ivo the tempest'8 rack and ro.t— rbe arch enemy we've met,Ac 1 tbe thrilling, patriotic shoo. Is for Bel! and Everett.Coro, gather 'neath tbe i.'niocV fa — The nag our father's bore;I.e it float 'rum Atlantic'? granite crag ro Pacific's golden shore.U ifbrl :t by tbe grand n„i res; Plant it on village green;Le t wave as fne o'er the "Thirty-three," A5overtbe"OldThirteen."UNION SONG. TTJO—"Disie."Come, boys, let's sing a song to-night, And ring the Bell with ail our might,Hurrah' hurrah! hurrah for the On 'on! Our foes tbey travel o'er a Lane,But ItA not tbe road to Uniou plain,Burrab! hurrah! hurramfor the Union! Cnorrs—We'll«avetbAgloriousUnion,With Ball, with Bell;The Union band will save the And, And live or die for Union!W thBe'.l, with Bell:We'll save tbA glorious Union!With Bell, with Bell,W ell save this glorious Union!Our Northern foes are bound to fail, And ride their man UDOJ bA rail,Hurrah ! hurrah ! hurrah for the Uci n ! AndLindolngreenisno tb«»colorTho Presidential seat to cover.Hurrah Thurrah . hurrah for the Union ! CH3119—We'll save this glorious Union, Ac.A Giant leads the FMhstioee,But David n our raaks he 11 t!nd,Hurrah' h irrafa ! hurrah far the Unio:! The stone A from Mount Vernon's land,The sling is A onr Everett's band,Hurrah!hurrah!burrabfortheUnion' CBonis—We 11save this glorious Union, AcOur fathers bied to form our ca-.se, To leave as : mon and its laws ;Hurrah ' hurrah! hurrah for the Union ! For Bell and Everett we've no fears,Wfc:!e o'er the land we ring the ec-crs.Hurrah ' hurrah ! burrab for tbe Union ! CBoKie—We II save this glorious Union.With Bell, with Bell;The Inlon band will save the And, And live or die fer Union!With Bel!, with Bell,We Usave tbA glorious Union!With Bel!, wita Bell,We !1 save this glorious Union!THE RESULT OF THE ELECTION.When wo put Lincoln A we shall know what A what; When we put Douglas A we shall know how to squat; When we put Breckinridge In there'll be powder andsmoke:WVii we choose Bell and Everett 'twill be a good joke, Aad when Houston first reaches the goal on the raiAIt will doubtless rain larks with the satt on their tails. New, as knowledge, and squatting, and powder, aadjokes,Aad as o< il showers of larks would blessings be to folks, Whosoever comes in of the gay brotherhood,Yen may feci pretty sure he will do us some good. '"GOD AND THE RIGHT." A CHAMFIOS LYRIC.Bark! hut,' over mountain, through forest acd vale, Borne along on the wiD; - of tbe swill rushing gale,Comes the loud battle cry of men in their might, The watchword of freedom—"God and the right!"liaise your banners high,Shout forth the battle cry, "Lincoln and Hamlin—God and the right!''from Atlantic's bine waves to the far peaceful ocean Tbe gathering hosts ef the free are A motion: Barching steadily onward to joio in the fight—Tho glorious contest for "God and the right I"Proudly their penants fly,iLoud rings their battle cry,. "Lincoln and HamlA—God and the rigflt?"'From the field and the workshop the brave sons of toil, 5ith one common object—Free men and Free soil,1th firm, steady hand, and with eye beaming bright, Press onward to battle forfGod and the right!Onward to victory,List to their battle cry, "I..ncoln and Hamlin—God and tbe right,"•ark! through tbe night the loud toealn A sounding, With bright, joyou.- nope each bosom il bounding; Soon on us will dawn tbe milleutal light,The glorious re>gn of God and the right!Snout then for liberty,•loin in tbe battle cry,"Lincoln acd Ham! A—God and tbe right!"A PARODY.RY A BREOKIKBIDOE AND LANE HAK. Hark' hark! wbat sound A that I bearr Which grates*so harshly on my ear, Invoking men to aid a causeThat ne'er sustamed good wholesome Aws, Bell and Everett led astray,For Brock and Lane huzza, huzza.Bell will ne'er be President,To Washington be can't be sent;And Everet.'s caose A nothing better Since e'er he wrote the Sumner letter.Bell and Everett led astray.For Brock aud Lane sAzza, huzzaWho would vote for old John Bail? Who dare not hA position tell,"Horn's" his word it A no go, Their past career doth plainly showThat Bell and Everett led astray,For Brock and lane uhzza, huzza. Be.1 and Everett cannot win,Tneir cause A daily withering,Bel! keeps a padlock on bis t ngue Because he thinks his ptrty's wrong.Bell and Everett lead astray,For Brock and Lane huzza, huzza OldJohnBellcanneverbePresiding o'er tbA Union free; Kansas votes show clear as day, That he did the Sooth betray.Bell and Everett lead astray.For Breck and Lane huzza, huzza.Up, democrats! your caose is just,In God and brawny arms we trust, Remember Bexic's bloody plain,Where fought brave Breck and gallant Lane.Bell and Everett lead astray,For Breck and lane huzza, huzza.All who love tbe Union grand,Come aad join our noble band,Scoot John Bell and Everett, too; TotheSouththey'veprov'duntrue.Bell and Everett l, .id astray,For Breck aud Lane huzza, hozza.Douglas men we Would invite Toaidas,iorourcauseisri.bt; Why will you lunger stand aside? Bell and Everett yott deride.Bell and Everett lead astray,For Breck and Lane huzza, huzza.lovers of old Kentucky's son,Gin you support .hA recreant one?Who designated H ary day "A moral despot'' in hi* rtav.Bell and Everett lesi astray,lor Breck and lane huzza, buz.a. Just behold this motlev rew,Who doth oft their names renew:Their cause is limping, halt airi Ame— Infiftysuit*asthejAme.Bai! and Kvereit i<<ul letray,Ftr Breck sod ias? hi'zza, htzza..TEE WALKER EXPEDITIONIsslcrcwtsif Particulars ami Details- lets*. «|Walker's l«re- •f Feeto* imavsiAreextremelycorrert.andIaskyoutodrink; :you might.Then shout for Dot^gAs, shoot,For all hA foes he'll rout;He'll beat tbe blssk republicans, Anddrivethetrailersout.BRECKINRIDGE.John Breckinridge, my Jc, John, I marked vcir cold f»ray eye.Yo-i were then an awful boy, Job9, In years aw bJe gone by.! never lined your phiz, John— With its grim and treacherous air,liItoksUke"ruleorrnA,"John And broadly h A A despair.John Breckinridge, my Jo, John, You've loaned yourself to Bock,And well brand you both as traitors, John. By the vote of Old Kentuck!By Kentucky's scorn of traitors, John, We must pronounce yocr doom,And A sorrow and A shame, John, Consign you to the tomb.DOUGLASCAMPAIGNROLLING.AiR—"IrAh Molly 0."Adcwn the snowy crested, immemorial hills of MaAe,The DougAs column rciletn like a vernal hurricane:And, strengthening as it roiieth, like the tAshlng thunderTMy>It circles through New Hampshire and Oid Massachusetts Bay. •CttoKi'S—The Douglas column rolling, boys, tbe Doug- lasbannerspread v-might bsve beard yesterday that we were triumphantly in the land; and if he has goo*to work to raise men and money for an expedition against us, In the course cf • month be may be able to impress five hundred men, and start for Truxiao. la the meantime, General Walker will be receiving large reinforcements from tbe United "Ates, and his men will be resting and andergolag military aAciplme and instruction A the fort here, while Gnardte- a's men will be on the tiresome march, aad desert ag him daily by scores. Walker has plenty of provAAce, aad eonld stand a long siege; hot he would not stand th* siege, for be could go ouuide aad defeat quadruple hA own force.• Tbestrengthof tbA fort to considerable, itA, snd no doobt the Americans feel as proud orinside of it ss the old Spaniards did A 1797, whan they repulsed the Arge British fleet which made an attack upon them. We have eight mounted guns, one brass 2-i, one brars 12, one iron IS, two iron 16, one iron 6, one iron 4. and one iron 2 The necessary balls are A abundance, i here are also thirty one guns of difierent calibre, from two pounders to twenty four ditto; these are scattered about the grounds as or no account, bat many eonld be speedily mounted if desired. All of tbe mounted gana bat two are directed to the harbor, which to thus .ro- pleAlycommanded. Twogunsofsmallsize are at two eutranets to the fort, directed so as to be a terror to aJ evil-comers.We hav° a harbor lull ot vessels, although most of them are smalt £:boners from the island of Roatac. The bark Carib. Hopkins tea - ter . is to leave to-day or to morrow for Boetcc.Onr Belize Correspo»dence. Br.vr, British Honduras, August 24,1660.We've the t>«^t ot' .1. B ' i.rean Seal' and old sherry, And I've no great objection, just now, to get merry."So true tn faith to tbe^n:Nor wnl tbe tide beneath tbe glow, That prtsses with resistless How, Delay, hut onward still, as now.iT ees. till they pi tee upon his browOf State the diadem.Jonce chartered the schooner J o h n U v ^ , « 2 ? J .^ u } t ^ t a k " tb9m •-» to * • " OrAane. T o * waTmlda Public They went o-, bosrd-suesaUed out V t b e ^Wor, and went of! A tbe direction of 4ew Orteana S E bait took. The Superintendent g*t up steam a 1 T . ' « 3 ' e to Belize with Her Majesty a steamer T h ^ . ' , ""IM' ed A our haibor, and the L p l r ^ a Z ^ t ^ f ^ . much fatigued himself in b h t r t Z t C t < ? i a t 2 and his intense application to the lateraau of B ^ . J t S T chant, in Honduras, with the command^ a n ? . ? o f ^ S s auperior ofScersof the steamer, went up teJore-al te have a dance with the Span Ah ladles tbeVe . n ^ ^ r e a t themselves after their Abors. learAg t h e r same? £2forTM wJ *h.bcT„Ab«•-Sraet For yoa w»nt but a flght'Twiat the biack and the white Aad we don'i thiat that'* right'Or might to b#; For the black you think moreThan the white you ignore,Och bone: Abe machree!'fThe weather is fire b.;t T«ry hot,hI!4our u^^jovtrttocacd with gt<«u a.io pr^v «!<%«, with uo b-y rs tOur Hoat.ia D<i reipoxtftencr.Co « JH:K, Ro.Mi: -' . t j I,1S«.£Of the White H^tise, yon now feel so sartig Och bone' Abe maocrfte.Batit's"ellinmeeye,BettyMartA,'• Och boot: Abe machree.wio»S"oV ro'rten&"j 7 r ^ v s 7 n w o f i£t BBOrataanNEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, I8G0.-TRIPLE SHEET.As he goes bobbing around.He styshis daughter Squatter's dead'Untitled DocumentBotiblag around. aroun i, woundOld Dred Scott knocked her In the headAs he went hoobiog around.AndEincesh washsonlypride BobbAf around, around, aroundT A thought he'll commit *u;3ide, As be goes bobbing around.•Dark Antcra "Sam" he did abuse, Bobbing arou id, around, aroand, But now with him he iratua to fase',As he goes bobbing around.Bat a'J their fusi^r A h >und to flu, Bobbing aroand, aroond, around;We'll ride them both on a Lincoln rail Aad keep them to; blag a«cud.'Whigs Ussy were A fifty wc, m cfty-stz K. N. woaMA't do;And now A sixty what ;rost:ttt:?on, To invoke the A ws and Geawtitotxm.Bell and Brerett Aad astray,For Breck sad Lane bazza, biuza.CAMPAIGN SONG.PXTOCATSD TO THE BTERsTrf GUARD. ET TBE AVTBOB. Sound, sound the bell! your banners wave!The people in their mightAre marching forth to victory ••*»»Still gnided by the light,HA living light, whose radAnt fie ASSOarfathersusedto guideWhen Heaven ailvwred every cloudand battled on Ibeir side;The Union, where oar banners ware,Appears A1Aes of gold; The constitution, at a pageOf w.sdom A enrolled;And A ws, enforced on Northern h i * ,AS on the Southern plain,Shall check the force of rebel strifeAnd peacefully restrain. Sound, sound the bell for Everett,Btag out a peal for Bell. Kentucky takes the echo up—List toner bugle swe.l:She stirs the nation's pulse withjoy !Let Louisiana rise,A Union strength, with bannered hosts,To joA tbe true and wise.Tne Union, where our banners wave,Appears A lines ot go.d; Tbe constitution, as a pageOf wAdom is unrolled,And Awe, esforeed on .Northern hillsAs on the Southern plain,Shall check tbe force of rebel strife,And peacefully restrain.SHOUTFORDOUGLAS,SHOUT.AIF—"Ijearest May."From every hill and valley comes the voice for Douglasstrong.Like the heavmg waves of ocean swelA the democraticsong;His name A heard A every State, from centre to theshore-It mingles with the mountain w e d s and drowns theocean's roar. , CBOKI'S—Then shoot for Douglas, shout,For all his foes he'll root;He'll beat the bAck republicans, And drive the traitors on*.Upon tbe constitution's rock undaunted still he stands, To drive tbe bAck liAuniocAU back to their nativestrands;He met them in tbe field and on the Senate floor—Before him there his foes gave way—they soon will riseso more.Shout for DotigAs, Ax.HA star A blazing A tbe West, above the mountain'sheight.Its light A spreading A the Last, till all th: sky growsbrignt;Then rally round your country's flag, ye gaUant men andtrae,By standing to s candidate, whose course you'll neverrue.Shout for Dc f As, Ac.Once more your country calls .. c: forth, to save her fromher foes,Then rise on every mounUA e.ie, where patriotismglows-And kind'.e there your beacon lights, for freedom snd the'."•pon the braze of victory, thai co'antn overhead;Tbe DougAs song of triumph, boye, high hymning Potiiinn cfjj-mirs at,".-_ Time of the E„p>AL-i<m—D<s*<lt-9 o'clock P. M.REMARKS.Saturday—Morning cloudy, and very sultry; afternoonwhat he intended to doand Atended to mislead Meanwhile about tarty ofnight clear.Monday—Clear all day.Tuesday—MornAg, overcast, and cool all day- evenA*light ram. *'Wednesday—Mornipg, overcast, and blowAa a n A a i i day; night, blowing fresh. »""« a g a i n ailwhile Walker, almost w i l b V c ^ S s U a ^ ^ ^ It is reported and is no doubt t r u ^ U m ' w S » wis •-: some of the Bay Islands, and that 'the John TSIOVOB'*?to and took Walker and bis men on board, and then thlr!SL*i*t .t o ^U J t , U o ' w-»««h,»«ws veryfe, o,o r» t' afternoon and night dear. ' "» *»** *A1DA, ance, be took, and at once boist*a the .t*g o< Haaduraa. < ll0rBlng C,ear; afternoon 1 W his movements sAce it A i<a;»*«-SA toThursday—Morning, cloudy; noon, bright star viaibUvur ;Mt a ? Sa 7~M O n i i Dda f t c r o o ( m'c l o a ri aif*t, clearthourands of reports in circulation ai**;'- b m Sctflce it to say be i£ stilt A the castit aad h«« peniy oi ammunition end provi.vioi.-We Lave bad ad-, ices irom <>a»oa that b» ««g to bs at- Ucl.ed on the 30th by five hundred Rmaur %.•The inbabitanu of Truxiik. sii i>u wbeo he Ande* abandonAg everything, ani I hrar a.Kn») h i * B»t> -' turned, whiA some have brorgbt all tfc«:r , ; A t>e vThe people cf Cmoa are n.-w sendAg their « f t l M ao^J cb.ldren to the interior, and ihrV pAte a l . • * t 7 . ^ rroom1. They bad been frejueniJ toM not £ earrraftrS bcre, white they are bogy buying arms and aJ.un.i ocmto _„2*Z2ZfZ? .'^occasion l i ^ K ^ Eto tbe caution, and the consequence was an explosion from tbe ignition of gas that bad escaped from thenaptha. The men were at once enveloped In uamei. bat they ran into another room, where their follow workmen covered tbem with garments as r;>eedily as possible, and ex- tAguishedthefireuponthem. Theyweretakentotheir homes near by, and Dr. Turk was called to attend open them. Their injuries were chiefly upon the face and hands. Three of tbe number—Michael Clark, Patrick O 8rien and Edward Campbell—were so little injured, that, after their wounds were dressed, they were able to walk oat. Timothy Murphy was more seriously AJured,and is confined to his bouse, but in his case no serious r<.'*;it is feared. The other man, Uwen Campbell, was baaly burned upon the face and hands, snd tho back of bA neck, and he is cousidered to be A a d&ngeroas ccn- uiti. n. Be has a family. All tbe men have been em-i pt..\.d about the wcrks two cr three years, and were »"ll ^ware of the explosive nature of the matertol tn^v were lapriiirg. Th* comoHo/ v ill take care of them while'n Ctncgfrom the effecA of the accident Tbe Brawa» Mngtiirb.dmafewminutes,bythtuse"of*u>*rW, g L Tbe yellow fever has egata broken o t A B-.vt atd atCorosal,andnumbershav«dedor \i-*M ,t, «b.)ni Va man named Henry Hart, of y ,ur c.ty. H,s bn.iner Ja o«s also bad it; but be * one of the verv few wh . nave had it aud recovered. He It i«»wc..nva.«»ceBiI*jiu * '1 re- turntoNewlork by tbeb.;. EoU^..-.£,*n .hW;U ,.n a week or ten days for youi ,ty. ior wh eti «he is now loading wab mahegany.Trade, owiug to the sicknevs aad to W. ; t c r g be nc r Truxiiio. Is vi-ry .!u!l *win , iocs *r materials of »>•-.-.;: ^°sieam,f£00cr\1XQIL.--jBio-:iUto>nnTnro^IMn.''tOr-,&-/^ 1j, 1m 0 r eta u, 'th*Pewple, wfefceWalker s men bad arrived from here on the'Af.xkto protect their townTh.eJ>vpu:atun of <>•> h'and— FtAx^,Ur lo Hcn&uras—Th' Prol-mM Sngiuk <* •upaiior. — -Vaiaber of llnuh. P„ •<<—.< Steame* a< IVc kei>— ClimateardTra*>crfntblar,d.4c.<{+•„I arrived h«e tb.s mornA^ A the brij; Ka or.ta, fr-«nMruxiik. The vessel h.is come over to carry back tbowfefcA^Mntfa T'ew Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 