 Prlre Two C»»Il,iMT«l »t UMi.,<»^,«M«»lw"* ' *"*** *^ MMntyar mm, wiaw «»- natniKS FOB OALirORHIA ii pobUihaa on th«ing. apUitedsuch taunts as the now nttera. ^^^^^^^^^^__interfeM with Natnra^own necessities require, aad woiM.eaMa familiar intimacy with tha saaiBl 4aa(l||-^_- wouldhavelessthelookofaimajfU^fi^'^^'^'^"^immtutiMrAll parties look upon the Printing fund asofVirginia,forhavingbe made prison-booses,rv?titmworthyto his poeition,will telleonstittiflaM!'SjWt -ariected aa in formal resolutions..reachanxioustoreapbeneficient a measureborne in mind that the Republicans canall criminal laws at once, and turn the. ,4l*(«vta««Insteadofweekly,the Board ad-tbe leisure boars of his UDa. A drapery of leaves, like that which beantSea thei— into the hands of thatrepresentativeman,Mr.Eovitnpson,of Virginia. The opportunity is one which he1 B*IM Sri DoiLAMLtMut nms (»»*ij>-two Douau •'•v-T«*k«l3r."ing,beforetheCatholicLibraryAssociation. His un- subject was, "European Civllizstioo before the ment. In the first place, it was entirely Reformation," and he labored to prove that the called for : the Board had not adopted the reso-eye*, gracefully hosx—possibly invented by some ultra and un- drear expanse of dead walls and leaeea thioagh- scrupulous Abolitionist as a satire upon cer- ont the City than the hideous spectre of Sykaaj^^ioT* TH«4TBB-Tnknow,itmight UnderewtaiaNEWS BYTELEGRAPH. THE HDNGABIAir.R—Tui Amn^fcOo."!Mnioaua. ing, "—WW consiened to the Financial Com- uil made uie special order for Fridm,"thsproper trfinqyla. AmoagiBBtantly. Theycemiof-ggg^ ^^ he will hope~lHr. Fino gave notice » bill ranlating the rates of milk freigktita wereqoiatofJl 11niillnjTTunat pprnnmrnti| ilia^riiifiiniflnryear,proprieties» f•»'•sn Asristant-SoperintenHent of the New Ho'P"*'.represented Juarez Government; civilixed Europe awaitsU wnppen, SBreatoK* Ii8n0-M*«iai.intend the construction.After dec.dinR to meetpetitors areto make large donations^BMIA«0« W A Poolventions and discoveries, than during the threesucceeding centuries. Of these, he specified gun- neypowder, tbe mariner's compass, the art of be quite time to assign reasons for not an- ernment Primtlng-ofBee.never advertises her by stich daa^ coming fltetlimi—VtHWH-i-m-Lirma.•ftUMW—OwmOBMHT'i Hnriniu.tainly prepare an elaborate oration to be pro-DefiniteTidings(nmtke Wreck.ExmnnosorPaintisos. or DX810N—loaimos or PAiiRnias.audience. ThelecturerwasUstenedto with marked attention, and received frequent ap- plause.'OALLKBT—telligenttainpartieslongsinceindictedhavenot sion,bothinandoutofCongress.been brought to trial. Mr. Watmbuet,V*. Mt-WamMKl Fam Oahiat The Stock Market was depressed, and prices gives the Board sundry reasons which The CommoB ConncU aad tlie Streets. ought not to neglect. He can utter words of.«p on gAi»g»»».NBWS OF THEJ DAY.very generally declined. Loan and Discount ratesweresteady,withamoderatebusiness. ForeignWe were aure we could not be mis- quitewisdom which could not fail to be of service to^Ibe State Senate yesterday received a Message• jwHckNis toll upon the Railroads. The HWes, Leather and Tobacco weia moderate.in should be asked, suchcase theaa absence of wit-ifs* faToraUy reported were th(M« ^ Tlw ¥!« Ti—«j tette Bzdse tew and to regulateftm r-jfiTilm1«HM^^pneOetmatamBrttem1Sk«d^^ofihmaimrfiMi vereantwiththeofboth ami publicpoieons.Pt» B^ts, bill engaged the attention of the warrant the belief that the Re- Muasis. BiHOBAH, Van Hokn and Ells- ^pal otgan here,daijn? tha morning seasioa alvooted the jpoWcan rote is to be thrown en matte againstwhile Messrs. Coopib and GABSCTSoa it. The main reason to be assigned is, tiiat funat it. IXuring tbe evening a number > fibe treaty is intended to pave the way for ac-be "This is doubtless creditable to Mr. Watkb- it liabitabie for other animals than(eigned)WHO wns ov boa>9 TSa!•;Jaoien participated in an animated dtibate,pigsandptAientingand; advocates of barbarismand—efWr. Muain ud Mrs. A. E. Bnan, wtula •faailfreadinfagain byqaidi^of 66 to 39. There were twenty-three \ be extendedSlaveryth* contemptthe bill was ordered to a thirdterritorypracticesuppose^tbe next ilea—r, wMefe aaa tbe Hwigmriait, are sorr^Uiat tbe lUH !••f0-day the bill comes up upon its pas-.'MM. Ttafeianasonto believe that the.succese J ftanwiUlngnesais, Admlnistra-obstinately object;Wiiiiinri by a straight geographical line. The action the Senate may decide to take will, we pathy;features of crime of our Common Council. In all the proposi-sup- to denote. From a huge gasli in his fore-aobatitute was adopted by a vote of 123 to 41. UOMC eCbrt was made, but vainly, to pass the fcOLlt lies over. Mr. Brryi», of North Carolina,are confident, vindicate its wisdom.It seems to tis the imperative duty of bothoo, when the sufficiently repulsiveare blacktned by marks of dejuavUy revoUinf to all th: belter imtinctt of our nature."tions that have been made for amending theposedhead the blood streamed over his face, and fromniaed a onestlon of privilege, declaring that his parties to regard this treaty from a nationalhis general appearance in other respects, it wouldconjecture Prlr.ce of Wales mav be expected to visit CanadaBame faaa not been called the previous day on theof and to sustain or point view,the crimi- control. Anything else they were willing to'^tm lb. FoSD, Hr. Burriif voting, would lac K one Administration, nor of anyMr. vota of the number necessary to a choice. Tne McLank went to Mexico to make the bestEeaae adioomed while the matter was pending. ^lie Bepnblican National Committee, yielding totha ittstancps of many advisers, has determined towithoutand then the mantle of oblivion conditions which they approve. Whenever the which he had been arrested. His helpless condi- between Upper and Lower Canada, and of the coa-tbe time previously named for the meet- of the Ctucago Convehiion, by selecting theThe Democracy of Baltimore, in choosing dele-gales to the State Convention, which i.t to appoin tanticipatethe trunk, because he " couldn't resisting16lb of May as the day.in the negotiation, and he has con-over contracts, which are made for Executive purposes by Executive departments, we shall have the beginning of a vigorous and efficient—andnottillthen. in practice. We might as well abolish City Government—poorofficer thrust him, upon the floor, the benches, and even the stove. In vain did the man remonstrate"to the present syatcmcurrencydriegates to Charleston, has signihed decidedly probably fifty years will not place within our !. 'Ita ynferanee for Mr. Docolas, as well in the del-do sowithoutofresistance soas"oftenas ;difficnltlea;saysthatpapersSlialaB Oamailsteamshippnblic debt,recentNorthern from As- Light,abHTSiB OB ttie 21st, touching at Havana on theso are havingdevised overtothetendermerciesandremedialinflu- tliissubject worthyAldermanheie early this morning. There are It*nt'tf $tMjOW) opon her specie list. Her Pacificto'-''^. iWhfanltadthe laborers in his em-appealtftaohmitto Gov. ManA&i'a veto, and theresultingaspireto himself— any— suchmTbe House hastha Abolition bill by a vote of 30 to 7. tlia &t« of tlie peculiar institution in"to letxd himselffWHat l loo of 'whichlet but thefor bis commanding form and hand-J^SSlyf -are stealingCo'- M.i.^^d *r<fe&*«l^i*dwastoThe Democratic Convention last night foratSlavery.alreadyrepudiatehim again with open arm.o,when convinced that not beperhaps flagrantof the BedSea,policeman,moreinto whichIs tobands such aaa he avowsmayleadthat our Commaof civilizedindignation tkat be would wnte;^^^^V^^SVT^**.>i..i4a«^p^ittnoe in force tmtil (to . tnto^acontractfardebate. In w>>^"tawMCy Tlipntsystedtke tt«giviS«it(oTm Tnua, was laid over, under theOB the atorm which wmd of their moos abuses andwhich hare t>eea UolOB and tbe ConatltBtion. By aUowiog eraiT iiArllfil1Cqar% ^them in prooml- their example, they have subjectedeveiy iochof aoB M^I* God made the eaanMriend if man -wonid oaiy ha»» <*• 1:objection•reowherethatstina^of which • Maads la LoiKion that Mr. T. Utendad to aafl la laaBomiiMtlonofJamis8.Libbt powercomptioaspracticed under thethis respect. The Republicans would unques-nle.tinfm Pre^deat ofTto Board of OoaneOmen met, bnt, without trans- acting any buineas, adjourned to Monday even-Oioioo Board was rejected The Oovemors of the Almshouse had aleadershoperaise.presentAdmlalstratlon indiscussioo on the of disrharging liberal piinclples in Mexico questionExprettiand on a todismi« theproposition 8''P^""'""^,t"i'our action with interest, and will talte advan- tage of any blunder by which we may sacrifice the substantial welfare of both countries toparty policy.Crime aad ita Peaalttei..Hr.W«ii.. AreportofaSpecialCoinmittoe, in the C,ty to mfiiTtmtK Tvun Oouau; recommending certain improyeomrdeenrU for a futureinabilitySoMXTHWOToaMr.Botcs lumbia (8. C.) Guardianprisons, was iSade the sporialThe Iplsns of Thomas LiTT^r, for anmeeilng. Asvlum, was adopted, Mlareement in the Lunaticand Mr LiTriawas appointed Architect to super-Ufair game for pitmder. The successful com- struck Mr. Hickkah in the street. The pre- of Bummer verdure abont tto brickprinting, clock and watch-making, written music, and organs. He held that the Catholic Church bad always fostered liberty and defendedwhen the questions them- selves should be asked.LUd iTOBlac—Tn the people against their aggrepsors, wiiile the first absolute monarchies and standing armies came in- BAU>—Mb. Siwon' LKTomis An to existence with the reformation. He was listen-Watibbort's reasons seem to be quite out oftend, and at once honor and grace the affairwith their And Mr. Boyck will cer- presence.ed to with great interest and attention.place, comingdutyit, as the permanent interests of the nation may re-which is as false as it is dangerous,nal who exhibi Is such "marks of depravity"'whichthecircumstancesofthetreaty countryunnecessarywould enable him to negotiate. The disturbedcosscUdatcdctatutesof callt Canada;advantagesequently secured for this country stipulations for the benefit of its material interests wliichthattootheagain.Naturally the benefit oterring"snccesiand Cnba ate without importance.— 'CUBa.Jan.7. An accident had occurred during of Mexico. If JcABEz proves the stronger, community, in theaaka the nqalaUa What a tender re- away as roughly as if he had been the carcase ot congratulation in the bountlftd harvest oflastaaa-JLOih correspondent writing from Rio de Janeiro CK &a 11th tut. states that the Emperor, Empressing it.The Tribune of the whole —and the of revival of co«marce present signsdisposes'•ad the Court were still absent at the north. The by saying that we have no business to deoide tence " which it inflicts:a coach-horseendlessthis. As marshals of the great processionof coaches, drays, and carts of every wheel that move through Broadway, they appear in a morecontinue to inciease, and that law aad DrierQie celebration of New-Ytar's Day, by which the Hinister, and Mr. Packzb, a merchant,outraged ifMia- shameanddisgraceand bursts of eloquence!TcoMKY will be transla-broad and impoitant mediate legislation. ^.will be thrown away. This is a short argu- which ourment, and not without plausibility. But is it deems it his duty to screen the offender.able-bodied voters, cannot remain unnoticed of (ho angels who watch over such lovers ofreputable,^ well as more useful light.Ama- crowned with lettered and wieldingaeriooslyinjured.flash of not very brilliant light has at lastThe jesty of the embodied law, buttoned up in blueTBIaOiP«* EOBOKUIA»DXWAJUt»4n.MlHi upon the fata of the hapless Hungarian.Jia acent dispatched by the proprietors reachedcompassionateDistrictAttorneyTunas, Ta8ad»y^I«>.*Barieysundryprediction.notvpon^ll^;the States ;" the police- man's valor was not to be mollified, and the exhi-saysSuch aflw Sabeken Land Improvement bill, over ever. And what action would England, France in a weak commiseration for the offender, that^expected not even to selland in the future State.his itspenitence legitimatewas sincere, fruits.and unprofitable Iniquity !Alderman Boon offered a resolution, whicTi mass, a path melts away, and the people cross,'"'""• ««nt » communicationUnion^-Prittlea. OUiOCBATSP0»DOITOLAB. BALTuioaa, Tuesday, Feb. 28.I,.rlwUb Ih,;'"J'.tow a vetb^^r' ""* Comptroller, he ^a«iTH h, .^"POfa'-y arrans^ementCliibs conservativeveto byTBI DALTIMOEBconquered bytriumphwouldSTOBIS AHD BWTLLncOS AT OtKABD. GiAAU, Pa-, Tuesday, Fa*.it.plunge the country into deeper anarchy thaniMUly lasebed its climax. On Tuesday If we refuse to sustain the policy marked outto see the whole work. That leaves room for hope. Possibly harmed and unterrificd, conscious of the orotection'iWiHaiplesofSt. Crisuin in that town and marched to Marblehead,by the treaty now before the Senate, andre-continuenear Glasgow, Mo., was totally of wheel or hoof And if sometimes, in the by fire on Sunday morning, together"'ined In returned to procession andown sympathies for the positive requirements .year. We hope the City Inspector mayfind the comer of Broadway and himself might fin^^wa^s"de^a^tr^oyLed^b*, St. Lotus, Taeaday, F*. a.Lynn.J[2* •o"" foimy scenes at a meeting of the wo- the overthrow of the Juarez Government,side., hosstofioo^Sias a broad andtempting——The coachmen Express late at night, predaciousdSne^!;!"*'"Republic fillibusterstoo their impatient load at the theatre entrance, like the little starveling on tbe scenes within, demand- ing "more," tbe officer's command, "Move on," TheEx- comeslikemusictothehomeward-boundfreight. for theirs^^'^'^ *»' ^b\A in the In evening.^pectationsauthorityserenity than bis hammock basket sus-SS^k?*""SJTMTMil the strike wa« inaugurated on Tuesday,the opening of the whole Mexican;'^*TM '"*' °°' assumed formid-" obedience to theId!' requestpended even in Xantippe'swhen,would l>efield for and Southern Democrats, defeated on the Mexican Treaty, would certainly havecommunity.Printing for Co.noress. Now that (hehaswe trust that atten-patientcloset. Anda""'"8 forth that, after the power to raise a storm that the united last In electing Printer,_.ween theweek, and oftener if tt,e cUv i.^nX-treceive*oOo,ooa „"? anThe little with which some of our grass-plotsin Match, to tikoote two delegates at Isiga the Charleston elected nine D»«r-s^tel^?„1fJJ,^*?:theof choostnc elevaa to lapre-North could not quellcould create sec- tion be directed towards some permanent mayandgivingand movements towards disunion.indeed be the is a service we need.tional discord,laythe public service. It seems to be pretty well press ought to congratulate iUelf. established that the printing for tlie Govern- it has taken patentBlessed;— theyutteranceparty policy.out a trial, and of his crime,notover the motives and influences which inducedonlyand attended with Let us not forget, also,HwHlpwcK Clam^y-Jii^^MLmoa11>»HepnMlranahHTlac^iHSSito'Cilbf.•altooaiqreieettoaa.^by maJUng a new isetM .qgpfk flkls anbjeet, trust that the proper Committee la Cougroy to.tbeir own ataadaid. If tbifjfwas itoatts. A twrtiflw '& ^o^'of ukidg the let them share (he credit of M treaty with wilt gire this matter a thonmgfa Inveatiffftioa, «iiie«l7^ai>d proniptlytlte aenflinent* Coipotattsa Itv^ IhW^ tmm. the Daily iV<iM and their opposenta, and not attempt to ride into and lay bare to the whole country the (snor- ptafMa to liave always held ooooenUng Veetonational. Republican element of the coimtry isurginginof the candidates to make satis- factory promises and arrangements aa to a dis-us tounder the sameby the the same way. Indeed, the cause of the de- the mselves to justswering questionsacknowledgecircumstances, act lay they experienced in electing a Printer wastbelowingfrom an officer whose soleit is to prosecute Indictments that may beThe conserrstiTe, and treat with thoseother party to get the startRev. Dr. Bsllows delivered a lecture, last even-before the Brooklyn Sanitary Association, found by Grand Juries. The resolution pro- sented upon this subject at an early day, so nounced as he delivers the symbolical caneupon the Genesis of Crime," to a large and in- posed to ask the District Attorney why cer- that it may at least l>ecome a topic of discus- the mark of public gratitodeFrabaMe I.Ma •fmll BaatoPtekedUp—(toTneeeefCnw•r PawrageTa.MoanaAL, Tuesday, Fab. M.The following waa received by tbe agents of tbemight be given—flaws in the Indictment, &c.,questionExchanges were firm.Sales transpired of 1,000 bales Cotton at unal- nesses, lack of testimony, failure to arrest, never permit the streete to lie cleaned. We gress will appropriate three or four thousandA fair business was transacted inconsiderations which incline him, in•lieidy elapsed, and the propriety of im- ments in Groceries, Oils, Metals, Naval Stores, fenders who have been presented for trial by hatred of cleanliness. They took the alaojL ofthe attention of &B latgialature tbe needs of the State Treasury,tered prices. Flour, whichquest.was in active re-_JB OoT. MuAOAK, urging upontki ftct of so material a portion of the sesaion of Provisions were less sought after. The move- many cases, to abstain from prosecuting of- intended action, but upon our reliance thaK If Mr. BoTcx dmidd be etfidwas firm.Wheat, Corn. Bye, and the princioal kinds—and then addspredicted as much on Saturday,T« B. Allan, Vnttnel :— . I. arrived here In tlie Soktmiaii at 9 o'closk tkbtionably,tribution of the spoils.heen sent on toHon. F. A. EDiTOTOSOit,to be presented toia•(•totMiIIstwour. Prio*.tok»aMnMi4 to tko PoUbhon 'N»w- Bt. Kev. Dr. SPArLniHO, Bishop of liOnisville, Board of Supervisors, which was published in of their party, and to distribute lavishly among BoTca." We bad seen ramon of this sort be- (tone Church in Union-square, to any hat Cftyexpectedsentation, the Guardian adds, is tognaa deliveted a lecture in Cooper Institute, last even- yesterday's Tnixs, is rather a curious docu- the serviceable and needy members of the fore, but we took it for granted that it was a would at least more eeaaaal thasemi-monthly. journed.The letter from the District Attorney to the out of their profits to the electioneering fund " by our immediate representative, Hon. W. W. paas swayisanenormous abuse, and should be stopped, and it becomesparty in other sections. ThisCatholic Church had accomplished more for civil- lution asking for the information which Mr. the Republicans in the House to take meas- tain past proceedings of the Southern chivalry. about to strangle," or the fly big leap of the "Poarization, for literature and art. before the Reforma-•ABMOr—Omu'i K«<^ AxrentMinM tion, than has been accomplished since. He as- Watxeburt, in this letter, declines to give. ures to stop it. The only feasible method of The Guardian, however, annotmces it as a Tonng Man," in the final stage of despair, whichserted that during the three centuries immediately It bad merely )>een offered and laid upon their having the public printing properly done, and ot fact, and we see no reason why that paper stare in illuminated fragments from every vaeaatprior to that epoch, there were more great in- table, and there, for aught the District Attor- freeing it from tbe objectionable features which should invent a statement so discreditable to spot which the positer'a bnub can readi. Katnralie forever. Itwould cling aroimd it now, is by establishing a Gov- its own section and people.couldWe hope tlie ceremony of presentation will take place in public. It ought to be mtule the rate in this way than in any other, and an end occasion for a pnblic demonstration. The Aside from this, moreover, some of Mr. will be put to tbe abnaes which hare so dis- Seventh Regiment ought to be invited to at-proper super- vision the work can be done at a much cheaperg:u8ted the pubHc at the manner in which the Ixiainess is now conducted.We trust that a bill will be prepared and pre-as these;gieaataken.country.hope:We knew the Common Council would —Is it too much todoliars in order to give proper edat io tbe dis-Bungarianlastbasing our any fore-knowledge of theirthese ue HxIm^ that the cfl^teal may Tafarm, aad tte d^, that the Citywato be kept deaa far aeed. He is a gentleman and a schoiar-snnflM health ia Vae nrofftwmd griaf aad nyppethj.gC t^-r^i ^"T bree»e. The aaapmeeniMLjaide H f^(r;-tnof the Mexican treaty la to be resisted by sending him to a penal institation. When- a clear sky. They were incredulous, bnt none private life, and ^le, from his reading and-ra-'tbe Erie Bailroad. The bill concerning the ia the Senate by a party Tote, and npon party ever he is convinced that it is t>ettor for the the less alarmed. They rallied in their migkft flection, to detect the marks of an advanoiafiMo more bodies bavt yet beeo (ooad.to incorporate the New-Tork Atbe- (nMmds. Intimations from Republicans at criminal thus to treat him, the District- Attorney and at their very first subsequent meeting e^ as well as a decaying, civilization. If he faa^ I will proceed to the wreck tUj afteneoa.ofkoabaod utd wife was passed ; as were•nddMCItlzens'Savings Bank of New-York. WiMiUngton, and the language of their prloci- says be " shall act accordingly," and he thinks fectnally squelched the abominable conspiracy seaaes the moral conrage which shotild belMf 'A. CRAWFOKD.he would not."of his office If he did of the and other Executive of- City Inspectorhethemselves to the world as admireni' •'We are happy to learn that there I* no piMlMlllyBUKT as a gentleman of sensibility, and in liisAldermen.Now we do notandarehim on hit retars barlM bam aa royage,aJ Nr.KMOK yeeteiday moved a resolution in the ^teaa^ wideh wiB iaxseiy benefit the gunniac- the light to exercise. We sappoaed that, in- should render him abaeliitity wietobed xatmt imKh—and that the best thing wliiefa the;'— make contractors bleed. ^oagh theyIn the list the B\in>Ba we are back byclothed withBlMti^ caHfaw Qp<m the Executive for a copy of -jtallC eooBDeKial aad asilonitiirml lulei aats stead of maUng laws, or paidooiDS offenders, he atood np to faia kneaa in dirt.-iftb* MMmie b not at all certain. jtiOBriiouldf|» nport of tbe Commiitee which settled the or was iiis to ed in suicts atMrJEBMaaioiia. The resolntion prevailed. It was ^ o which is to be out in aeeordanee with it for Jmiea to leaat. not faieed if ^mTfj^wUhfltethat after to-morrow the Senate meetl^ti^ppib^ mitb fta provisions. Of the validity of these Courts to punish, and the Executive to pardon.-MaatejrtobtfagttemaehreaaBtfleritien for two previous mUla, aad tboagaax-dtity. Mr. Davis called up his bill in rto the natioDal armories, but after a brief it gave place to an Erecutive Session,anyBoqlhem society,they complalaMmigarian, He «aa married bat a tsw weeks ago, la lland, toMiu Ecoiaa,dwiKbier of tha Isle aam ra-—«|feM«uaiB aaw in the instrument entire security by every such accession. Yet it is clearly fore- There ia one reason which the District-At- the same, we think it not Impossible that they brutality, or at least prevent them from list,ble that there are other Cuiaaiiuis In tbe above j^Jhaf BoattUtias. Some points in the Treaty although uLknovni to us, whose friends may be re-admitted on all hands to need revision and seen by the most sagacious of their public men torney urges against furnishing the proposed might consent to allow the streets to be kept going forth as embodying the spirit and senti- lieved from tbeir anxiety by lu pnhUcstioB-Ko indications were thrown out as that nothing but such a treatyor somea doubt of clean. The reason of theirIMB. Toe bill assigns to each member of .Sen- and Kmae, a sum equal to the cost of carryingfrom which wc havesuffered so much.know too well that it would be followed by a trataschemeaffords another illustration of thelate lorhispassage.can prevent the two Republics from driftingand to them comparatively unimportant, cir-truths which they seem to have forgotten.—of the Southern States. From tkt Montre^ TranKrift, Fti. ST.It givf s U8 much plen^nre to le&ru that J. M. Gaatf, tta policy likely to be pursued by which shall give Mexico the benefit of a stable the sincerity of its pathos, when it is made to ject for cleaning them, therefore, lies rather in And Mr. Boyck can render good service to his Efq., Secietarr of tne Grand Trunk ftaUvsy, w»e Bepublicain Senators. In the House, « as tea a pawenEer by the Hungarian, aid not Ml. BanHAJi, from the Committee on Ways Government, and place our relations with that stand in the way of an investigation into the the fact that it is not to he carried out under own section of tiie countrj', by embracing this leaverepotber, rince latter* ha^e beeo recelred fromtreaty information,provokestoppingthepro-peoplesupposedfxim Enslan'*. Woa'd that we could write withsatls'sction of others who?c names are maa-to be printed every year prior to the meet-kg of Congress, and fixing the number required.Ba^alao reported a bill reconstructing tbe mileage quests and a renewal of the sectional collisions "tiatl would make such a report cheerfully, for I prompt and vigorous action in arresting the On(qiialtlotjed as probably on tioa'd. Mr. Mnxaa, of S. NliLLKB, leather oiercbanTe, was most prorldaatla l|rinto another war, which will end in new con-cumstance, that It will cleanse the City. TheirThe Police—Their Vices and Virtues. Saturday afternoon,J.QniBic, Tuesday, Feb. IB. Parliament opened today at 3 o'clock, with theusual cercrnoijies.The Gurercoi's speech announces that a reply haswhich mustment of all thebyun- their direction, than in the merely incidental, opportunity to tell its people some important hiiii,uf a later date by two oafs than herdepsrtaratbaand Veaoa rfporied a bill requiring the Pres- IdCBt to procure the annual message and docu-MUaHr. She&iiah at once proposed as a sub- Soulhem Senators are fully sustained by the me, since I have filled this office, than to observe the making contracts. We have frequently spoken too helplessly drunk for resistance. Ue had been !, Uiat each member be paid twenty cents facts of the case, and the issue of whatever warmth and tenacity with which the efforts and sym- of this as the most marked fact in the career arrested in a street fight, and in Court bore that— country upon a settled and a friendly foolingabuses in criminal der the statute.proceedings" I cannot say," says our soft-hearted prosecutor,A io the Police Court fared (rom the citattrophe by being luiu an hour tooalreadyand his family to tbe capital and home In this view of the subject we believe the of the City. Nothing hat been more surprising to tenacity with which they cling to the power of violence on the part of a City officer upon a manABi0e> going and returning, the distance to be of sflfection cluster about the erring and that,evidence of valor which a wound in front isof aching hearts throughout the length and breadthonlyat the Tombs, was witnessed a scene of brutalficers, to cleanse the City of ite filth and|reDAer— Wethe real of groundto no bad results. But we were not awareCoimcil would and reallythat thehare either the credit ofwas such discretion as he claimspresentthat the District-Attorney, as an officer,nature of an Alderman or Coimcilman whliidtmakingtbetween the United States and the Brit- ?-«^if tta oouutiy, tbe dlabiineaiettt of the it aimply duty try peraoas cjiart raernHke other Bcea,— reape _ more iato^jgaipfc r. MoKiLLAE'smoretaeata leu Ukaowa. Be haAy paid crime, leaving ooBvi^ Th^ may yon prick Hiilfif^Jh^ age ihij to leave soon, had not rpeeified tlau.VB in whliat peetiog aaytothe names of Mr. CEAButwatra and Mr. Saiuo«, (af and one to the standard of the time when fists were Joan Macsosals A Co.,) proving that they, at aUWe believe we have full warrant for saying Attorney it is very easy to see to what abuses can scarcely conceive them not to be offended more important than brains—when savage events, «erp not acooug the anfortimat^ Apaasaa- grr nsmtd Wiisos is also meatlaaed as havlac sattad that the Southern Senators who will give tSis the doctrine avowed by Mr. Watibbcrt would by foul odors. They have lungs which dust force held sway everywhere, and when neither from Cork. Is tt powlbl« taat Itaia coald have beaa Mr. Wiu>os, of Meatrs. MonAit. MoaaAT * Co It [ezicanTreatywasdiscussed. Hr. treatytheirsupport,willdosomainlybecause inevitablylead. Itvirtuallyusurpsallthe willpenetrate,andsystemsgenerally"pervious, lawnormannersputanyrestraintuponthe Wefearnot. Hewrotethathebadtakespaataaata'atQlC. As fata part of the recent HarrisbnrghHr. Camuion moved for a bill raising reasons, the people at large must judge. In the bands of a weak or a corrupt District- they have noses, such as they are ;in opening the contest, spoke only in they believe it to be the surest means o( avoid- functions of all the officers of the law, and and perhaps somewhat predisposed, to the passions of individuEtls. tbe Bwutarimn. and it is not likelv, tbongb still pawt tarms, deferring an exhaustive analysis and of of ble, that be was detatoed so long as to be cosapalUd to lite cloee of the debate. Other Senators ing any further seizure of Mexicaa territory. places the sole and exclusive control aU of- poisonous miasmas filthy streets. Other If there is any conservatism and good to crn^s tbe coannel from Qotvhesd, and take tbe nilto Cork. In order to ca'ch Ute at that If their that war would Ail their past ventures in that direction have fences and offenders in the hands of the Dis- things being equal, therefore,—that is to say, sense left at the South, it ought to (Cvm^ plae&MfnaMd-imettmttOf resolt from the negotiation. while proved unprofitable. Slavery has been injured trict-Attorney. their share of plunder and of patronage being check such exhibitions of sympathy with from HsUfax as Mr. CHAtLiswonH did. It Is proba-apprehensiODa he bad dene this, be would surely have telegrapbalon« OiamoralBg.ofgating eonaervative sentiments, and then fol-jhas bees fooadbottom yp t( Pff( L%\nri;improveCharter, the Common Council have resolutelyAnd so, by a logic of mistaken sjTnpafhy and obstinately insisted upon retaining this not be difiicult to that he had been en- vitation of the last session of Parliament, and that theoppose^teiaoen tbe whoie subject of the House printing, quire. T^le treaty itself is not the work of the must first be turned loose upon society, with- ever money is to be disbursed in large sums, it by his pertinacious attempts to make a speech, ropean ard Amertcon mails by tbe Canadian steam-vote for printer, and claiming' to have the journal Cometad. Theeffectoftbecorrectionwouldbe—this they will never partgaged in ^ regular Congress brush. His similarity during the coming Sammer. He refers to the satls-must be thrown overcondition of the Republic gave him a prodigious his release from all its responsibilities; and away from the Commonwhoseduty it was to hold him strictly to them. This isimperative fallacious in logic, and would prove utterly dan-gerousdangervictim attempted to move, down thebyvery person; also to tbe administration of the Crown lands ; coagratn- lates the House on having surmounted tbe fnaaeial will be laid befsia tha HoDse «1th reterence te the coaaoUdatioa af tka of tba MinisUrof Finance in atuining tkU obiset; hai diaia-depreaaloaon the Oovaramsatfufferingonlypeople —amended Charter in this respect, to take —congratula'esthethat Con-eveningBiaanotoa, N. S., Konlay, Feb. tr.^twmllliamUt»Onefliwarts,-i?«r»I ^MCt 6f boktt have bMB|i<ekad n» rfCa»aOoodi are strewn aloog the beach from Tiukslt bissd, round Cape Sable, as far East a* RaggedWashingtonthe to read them a lesson whichwith. When-the must be to men whom they designate, and upon concerning the "constushnalty" of the law under ers ; speaks of tbe etltlemect of tbe booBdary Uaa penaltyhis bnt offence,Parllamaat on tbe lane of theto treatCouncil all control officer, like the Irishman who took liberties with tion to tbe Uw ot debtw and emSKac,"of notice.but it must also be ences of societies of reformation. Wherein TuoMEY denounced Mr. Smith, the contractor,the Democrats areSomeof the utterances of the Aldermen on the—^ew-Jersey House of Assembly yesterday, the to pursue in such an event Those when crime stalks abroad through our streets, " have the streete cleaned as heretofore." Drivers who wouldn't have the slightest objection as foUo«.: S. H. B«»T, •^.W J- Be"!^«Uch so violent a contest has•ad Trenton, was ordered to a third reading in the—safe as the Israelites passed between the watersTotalragedat NewarkorSpain,oneor all ofthem,be likely •wc owe something to societythat at a time was adopted, directingtheCity Inspectortowhich their prophet's wand divided before them.I«abe«t»10j- TheWe should befabric of our criminal law reformed andof the law and the exofthe wholein some a consummation.wayto secure so desirable Fulton-street less congenial for tbe practice of hisWith a large «nount of file ytsterday.Tl,e bill sLoHshingJ^nHouse of Representativessucceeded atthat the p•'rinciples,'",very gladhis official character affords against the slightestdaswiu» J»-J•P|^tothe foundation for new and satisfactory provision for this branch of principles on national politics."In view of these evils,Party one somx purpote dalegatasi!ci>t tbe oliy Id tbe State Coavaatlaa which aeeuRepubli.^anwill be wise to remember that ment is not only an enormous job, but that it it should rejoice to sec espousedby other powerfulCityamMhfailr, and to ma satisfacUon of the MayorOanpti^ar and City Inspector. Ur. Dsl^van•m ba eoold not remtin inactive while the healthWtbs Ch,f was endangered by the dirty streets«a-bad,.Aec«<Me, made tlie atrangement to con- Mexican treaty is bnt a measure of the Slave lic printing lias actoaliy been used to suj^kmt step sooner. They might very easDy haveOmiltat,:j%pnwJdedhe performed ihc J «<,,;the conservative statesmenof the South is made a pretext for plundering the treasury, parties,—especially byBalttmoreand the both forto war with Mexico parlyand for private ends. It has throughout the country as tbe RepubUcan.toHand take ou daelartq[l|r.BaTnia *a Aral ohaiae «< fta DoiMareacquisition of hering upon the false assumption thatA laaa- •• S^opposedour judgment Uie only tliis lic money supposed to have been paid for pub- cans have made baa beenterritory,instead of rest- been stated, and indeed admitted, that the pub-in nottaMogthismfiuenceof the fewbright days;"JJI^yield:to a nationalrepresentativewas furthersuggestedfsctory arrangements for the transmlssioo of tha Ba-and threatenitaw Iwen anticipated. Those from the scarcely afford to shoulder the odium of defeat- which the infliction of penalities for violated ploy to xcork all night ! Virtuous, indignant, bition was only ended by the man being dragged proiisioDS for the public service; Soda a sabjaatofl^iatliaatre ot disaster on Monday morning, and not apparent that neither faction will concede Let it not he from the tenor of our their race as the considerate Tuomey. We ad-•urtout,its leathern-thonged sceptre,cap, alwaysThe House was engaged all the aftemooooaterrible to the Hoboken and Newark Railroad BBL Mei^made against it aad Mr. TillandSiAidBt speechesBoan In Its favor. A test vote on the ams»d»aatwaakaa'laleg the One arguedisbecause helaw affords? Not in the incarceration which compassionate Tot:uEY !consiststheforce of theexamplecompelledmightyquestion it provides not evenriaop-of-war Joha Adams sailed from Bio for whether Juarez or Mirahok is the President the punishment is in the execration of an everybody else, shine through his splendid out- lice, that all its members are not such ruffians as be maintained; ano n^jolces that but lew aqaets »f awe can afford to wait for his triumphAuoK,allthemoneyweexpendagainsthim andfriends—in thevery"publicity"from muchcharity,suchsuperabundantlovefor;griefwhichit ted,likeEnochofold,ifheisnotcarefuL So brings upon familyNew^encr Ijeglalatata.'nphed folluwlngparticulars: tousanysuchadvantagesinthedayofits remarksthatwewouldhave inseiuible visehimtostraphimselfwelldowntoearth,or the>ftl iiJUi (ne oais lashed to it, and fragments of a^Hcboata, iiad been picked np in the vicinity,societyto pity for the fallen and sinful. Not sowliich winks at or that would have to cleaningthrong. Stout, burlytriumph,were east npon the snore for miles on ready granted in its distress ?;butquaketakenshowingthat there are twenty-two oppi«eBtiL Mo more iKxiies had been found. The Vrifffiuaiaiies these meagre iacts was to WMek on Honday afternoon.But it is agreatmistake tosupposethat thiscrime,posedwhich Of course he is.the streets A machine''j~J?~' Nona prarauaa,BoOtingnoteworthy.fie Legisteture of Kansas is not at all disposed theyVeraCruz,there that faction and cannot betothehiijhfunctionsiraiglitenopSjforfinal - TbebiUwillcomeup f .as the deGovernment has al-when hethe pity we would encourage ia not a pity least expecte it. Alderman Ginet, too, is op- policeman, whom, but for his badge, they would and thirty -six friends of tbe bUZ. ^^jureupwardsby machinery.ruffiansobeyintestine struggle is to be speedily ended, or it It is a go tupunished.vote. It fha&aadian Pariiaaeat organized at Quebec that the Miramon faction can ever establish a should not save a criminal from the conse- cannot help him to an election. What businessThe Message of the Governor-General firm and stable Government in Mexico. Ifbut which should hold has a mere dumb, inanimate, non-votinga large crowd in attendance.Powers are now awaiting our action, or seeks to hide itself in dark and loathsome This Is a mostin obedience to what they are fully convinced places, every instance of impunity with which face of it, it means not to have them cleaned up their steeds in awe of tbe policeman, who LovaaiBos, J. KassiLi, J. Baooa and W. VUIt, W"is the call of humanity, the demand of our it is committed gives it new encouragement, at all. But another report of the Alderman's stands in the midst of the raging vehicle elements, aadtaneat among the shoemakers of Lynn vital interests, and the destiny of our nation. and ailds to its already fearful amount. motion interprets the phrase to mean by days' urging on tliis horse, and turning that aside, un-TCto, 96 to M, presaging the passage of the bill to- 'al^wfaen it comes up for final action.Europeandirection. On theequivocal to riding overagroupof women andchildren,rein L.Dmaa and Hum * Battlss,*''^^' "jiIvania Democratic Convention meetseach, with others less heavy.TOBACCO pACToar nr lassotiai., wlio aaeortad them to a public square to Powers will intervene and those Senators who we cannot believe it to be safe for the he may still be employed to clean the officer loses some- were In a safe.; itis, sibly — thatsurroundhim,the patience laeaiTe a fonnat welcome. Aiiet spending tbe after- declare such intervention improbable or im- District-Attorney to throw off the duties which streets upon the tenns to which he has al- what, and rebukes the stupid obstinacy of cartmenSKOII-BOtTSl AT «-/'°^, j,^- St. I^o«. Tue»d'y.Frt..mBoao is Usteoing to the commonplace eloquenceoftheir standard orators, the shoemakers again possible, make a fatal mistake.There follow Another stupendous evil, certain toaxe imposed upon his office, or to substitute his ready assented, and at the rate of |i300,000 a with barsliness, who can blame hiiu? SocbatisThe smoke-house ofRo« *Untitled Documentplacedit will permit the City Inspector toRockpcrt,'UmT were met by a delegation of their treat, leaving Mexico to her fate, European upon a better basis. But while it remains as the arrangement made with Mr. Smitu. Pos- grazaend turmoil of noisy teams and crabbed drivers worth of tobacco, and •S.OOO in bank-notes, wntoa dincaninducetheLegislaturetogiveusan tionwouldseemsolkJation of tbe municipal law of Lowet Canada;Repcdlicans and the Union.Republicans by formingUnless out a for conservatism,delayBroadway Police,OmameDtation.long.complains "itswas veto-Ki byitInmistake the Repubh- inclosures in front of their doors beginto Do.—The Co- states that a cane hashisthat by such acts as this they are deliberaMjf.;iimii Fnm M( TVimtta Glate, PekK,such demonstrationsclean streets per te. There nothing tb4 Uto and justify the constant denunciatiooa ef Tbi Poetmaster- General faaa telegrapbad to hlaUtey have poaaBtly do for themadvea and tha eoaptry.UtiCaptBooHEc(H.asaftlilscity. WetmstHoavBatHve,instead oftryingto forceeverythingbappyneogaiaeto have rendered itMm with unusual violence. But theelephantsa nose that he could puU with both hands," seemed unwilling to lose the rare chance of exer- cising the prerogative of his place, where he couldofing rates, with a view to fiuther legtalattaa"the heaviest part of what utter indifference to the convenience of Well it is for the efficiency and repute of our Po- trusts that tbe marks of returning proapeilty aayin theextreme sen- for the comfort of street-sweepers, gardandfallen in the street. son,;pitycan'twould be forcon- tion, and drivers seem powerless or unwillingsuch as the friends of theto The result cauted tbe greatest eidtsaaat tatfeahe will find himself snatohedandpush aside or trample upon. In the dense throngs The blU was subsequently ordered to amass, andwUl stUl remain sixteen or eighteen States of his reformation, and which should receive of street-sweeping ? Alderman Gknet could mulated like the Hebrew host on the shores session six hours wlUioot intenaptiop.shouldsucceedintakingtrivancelikethattoquencesof hisout thecrossing for the sidewalk pedestrians aceu- The Houre adjouruaa at B o^etoek. a»*1"g •Ftrea. .PA.» fourguilt,out to him the hope, and provide the mennstangledconspicuoussome face, appear, and through the confused:tois in -teasDOt be given of Mr. Tauoi aad Us iMMikbya*^',boat, complete, with (he oart laahad U htrnnliriHataeiSbmpaiiyboabd tbe lU-fated vetseLHa wrote by tte Arekiea labeledof lower Broadway, when carts and coaches are ij)g, with but slight amsndmenti.as closely packed as theyexporta- exceptblU^City householders have had the tastebeenenjoyingaforetaste ofSpring,.wherein tbe meiebaat meat baayand mora like tha seemkiln,comfort and happy life.stand why ao littls attaotioo is paid to Ika^and better were it that her should close them hi from view.been recrivrO frota tbe Qaeea of England to tbe in-Baar«—Thatout that be (Iplaved b<s week- voyafe aaotterThe CaDadlan ParilaMef,- OFESUJC OF ITS SKSSIOMS AT QtllBCC.ai.d tbe«that the commercial l»hed credit, but impresses the necesMty of strict economy ;Astores and s.veraldwellmi8.000, which la bot paiUally Insured.cbanc*.er lemilB im- matrtagfire last night in this place deatroyed» The tobacco factory of OtOEOS W. ^*f** .a vote of 30 » Marylaadto sdom ''«=to feel the las and two AdalaMmaaB delegates.CaavanlleB,in which we have lotlan alas fasaad hr a vale ofCutoiniAii, Toaaday, Fab.^'ha^s^beLenLp^ao^t^davar M^a.etC ;i jaa^www.fultonhistory.comfe-'i^V-.?!-'-*--~-~'-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 