 of the stomach, bowels and ether digestive organs, NEW YORK HERALD. 42 of general fevers, 1 of disease of the urinaryother or both gangs of political freebooters. tional governments of Holland, Pfussia, Bel- The pirate leaders are able in their trade.Wendell,thePHaxsaayeattBCdeat of PubUc Printing, and ha Clerk, h> ^.IDITOR AND PROrTUZTOR.*T. OOWW 0 » KABSaC ASP rtTLTOK STS. balance of various foreign countries.in the House.gomtgteM by Molt wi/t l*t<*I** •of received tu mbeciiftiona a n — P I THIS iruxxoThe shoemakers of New Votk held a grandmass meeting last evening, which teas avery successful aftair. The earn collected sincehut week has reached $150. The greatestdred *ystems of Austria and Rufsln—an isola- the Law bill nor the Sharp project willHEWfKPPLIWNFINANCIALMEASimt oM f U T THiaTMS, Bd*rsry.-DSA» H*A*T-SAXAB»S £ | MA*-D**A* AT KMA.WiKTJf* OABnBtT. Broadway, opposite Bond WAILACM THXATBH, xwotdway.-AtotLurcaor APoo*Ac.uurnABowery.-HoxstsaoB BotiX- tjSBllrtfl *KM•HUIDABS.BBBA PW_A Y BOJDOU^ 4*4or A Poo* Yovao **B- Two BVUA*M.,—Taa ROMANCEThe Board of Supervisors met yesterday, but sition these hold in the new compact must be transacted little business of importance. Au at- left to conjecture, and conjecture can only be tempt to insert in the tax levy, BOW before the Le- guided In its deductions by the great met thatK n r o p e . .The Cuaard tastihjstesunehip Africa, Capt. Shannon rillin the House to-day will influence the action of the Senate to such an extent that, in the opinion of many friends of the bid to-night, if a vote is forced the bill wil pasa.wi.l safer only from a want ofexercise. Heisquite poor in health. He will probably apply for a writ of habeas corpus, which will bring the ease before the Su- preme Court. If the Court sustains the Senate, Hyatt cannot escape imprisonment otherwise than by purging himself by testifying, unless tbe Senate back down aadTH* PXNNBTLVANU OramUATORlAL SKBDnS.Mr. Oartin. the republican nominee far Gorerasre! Pennsylvania, vhited the Senate sad Bene today, antreceived marked attention, He aTprsasai aimmif cent dent that the republicans wm carry Pennsyiuaais a October, whether Douglas la nominated at Charimtoa « not, aad the most sanguine friends of Douglas beam s* has no chance at Charleston whatever.THE CAXMKK AND RAM8FT CLAIM.The notorious Carmtek and Ramsey claim, for tfiean damagesonaoconntofthejabrogationoftheirmailen tract In18M, is agitated agatebythe lobby, tasn* nearly two milion of dollars plunder in ft. Lightntaf *t atrike tbe claimants torn* clear day in winter btfert Ba-it.THIRTY-SIXTH COXG&E5S. rrasT SBSSIOM.•ornate •WABHIXCTON, March IS. inn LIF* SAVING AITAXATTre.HATHHAMBUSG ..CeCaaeeaaronge JcCo.THE UPPER PART OF THE ISLAND.—The oft re-peated attempt to cut up and deface the upper11—Condition of the money and Aiiieriesji dace markets.eluded one of his complicated cases of arson, which privileges, and making Albany the source it seems has been wrapped in mystery for nearly from which we obtained the direction of ourstatements with regard to the views of the pro-perty holders upon that subject When the filed and paid. About seven hundred more now out will have the right to exercise it. There were three cases'.—La FIUITATVXKL.tbe treaty.THE HOMESTEAD BILLThe paasage of the Homestead bill in the House to-day,by a vote of one hundred and fourteen toslxtyaJz, was quite a 6urpri«e, neither party expecting that it was to come up so early, or to pass by so large a majority. The only Northern man who voted against It was Mr. Montgo-till next term, the second Monday la July wmi fixed as the day cpon which the cam should be i waa.pro-The Glasgow, from Liverpool 22d and Queens two weeks past. It appears a boy, about thirteen city government, such as it is. The next thingPark is finished it will be quite time enough tothink about laying out streets and avenues inbe paid as soon as presented.THE STAFF OX THE AIBT.Tbe House Committee on Military Affairs have underwhere tbe Senate bad this power, namely, in trials of in peachment, in examination of election returns tad tts qualifications of its members, and at jodglag the emits of its members and punishing them, even to expxam. All these three cases were judicial in character, uitown 23d ult, and the Milo, from Genoa 21st ult. arrived at this port last evening.to do was to fix the new Legislature, so that wilfully setting fire to the house No. 133 West the members would rush anything through thatits vicinity. We hope, then, that Mr. Connolly's consideration the recommendation of the Secretary of a'ao judicial in purpose. There are tiro etherbill, so slyly introduced, will not be permitted War for a reorganisation of hi* staff. Should, the Com- catea where each power baa been already exercised »jWe have newa from Vera Cruz to the 3d instMiramon was within three leagues of Vera Cruz Forty-ninth street Justice Connolly committedthe accused for examination.on the 2d and was threatening both that city and The cotton market yesterday was without change inWeed, Sharp & Co. should dictate. Weed and his friends worked very hard last fall to get re- liable men sent to Albany. There was a good deal of money spent for the election of cer-to pass.The Theatres Last Night.The programme! of three of the principal theatres were changed on last evening, when all the places ofpublic amusement were well filled, the city hiving received the usual spring instalments of travellers and so-mittee report favorably, and Congress adopt the wishes of Secretary Floyd, it may torn oat that the corruption whichhasbeenchargeduponhimbelongselsewhere.tbe Senate. Tbe first waa an inquiry for an alleged lafrte tion of its privileges, and tbe second an inquiry into ta* conouct of it* servant*, a* Public Printer, &: Sack, sir, aretbefivecase*inwhichthisextraordinary pover In already been exercised by the Senate. It is now srt- posed to add to these five another Sir, when we ttiequipment of the life saviog stations on the coasts of Long Island and New Jersey was referred. The case of Thaddeus Hyatt, the contumacious witness in the Harper's Ferry investigation, was taken up,the question being on the resolutions proposing to commit Mr. Hyatt to jail until he consents to testify. Considerable debate ensued, and the resolutions were adopted by a vote of forty-fcur to ten. In the House the Homestead bill was passed by a vote of 114 to 66. The Committee of Ways and Means asked leave to introduce a bill providing for the payment of outstanding treasury notes, authorizing a loan, and revising the tariff, bat the House refused to receive it, by a vote of 105 to69. A bill authorizing the sale of the Military AsylumatHarrodaburg,Ky.,waspassed. ReportsfromtheCommittee on Elections, relative to the contested Halifax, has a startling importance. It is posi- seat between Messrs. Sickles and Williamson, ofNew York, were made. The majority report pro-vides for taking testimony in the case, while the been signed between Russia and Austria; andtaken In the main from "Les Fanfarons de Vice," by Dumanoir. The play is intended as a satire upon Pa-risian "fast" society as it exists at the presentday. Tbe hero is the son of a tradesman, but pretends tobe a nobleman, and associates with very queer people,to say the least. In his Bet there is a man who pretends necessary arrangements for buildings, machinery, t c , before ua has been brought to the bar, having refused u to a large number of vices in which he does not indulge;minority assign the seat to Mr. Sickles. The re- ports will be considered on Thursday. Mr. William son was assigned a seat in the House pending the Contest There was considerable discussion about the late reception of the Seventh regiment, andif this is the fact, it changes the whole aspect of the political combinations of the Old World. A number of circumstances have recently occurred awakening attention in Europe, from their importance, and from their apparent wantthe Weed and Sharp craft, and in a wonderfully short space of time reduced her to an utter wreck. Or, to drop metaphor, Live Oak George Law, whom everybody supposed to be deadAt Niblo's Gardes, a drama called "Uncle Pat'sCabin," was given, with Mr. and Mr*. Barney Cornell, Esq., of Ithaca, and others.Williams, and a fresh piece, enUUed "Washington's First Nearly all the Presidents of the various telegraph com-Love," in which Mr* Williams had a very goodrdl*,which she acted with her usual wire. Mrs. Williams' panie* thougbout tbe United States are here, looking *fler Maryland provide* that the House of Delegate* may • costume and ''making up'» were after the well knownNothing of importance occurred in the Legisla-ture yesterday. In the Senate, among the bias re- rupt in principles and in finance, has exhibitedburrowing under Weed, and, by an extraordi- crowded house. The piece* were Mrs. Iachbald'a well Many of these telegraph men think that while they are ask undertaking to exercise that power you amass)years of age, named Edward S. Innes, was arrestedon Sanday night, at the instance of the Marshal, forAbrarado.In Congress yesterday the Senate adopted a 800 in transit. Lots In store closed on the basis of 11 '„ c tain Senators and Assemblymen, and the pre-OCR RELATIONS WITH HOSBfRAS.Senor Alvarado, Minister from Honduras, had an inter- that tbe power which it is now sought to enforce bat Mprices. The Biles embraced about 2,100 bales, includingjoint resolution suspending so much of the recentPost Office Appropriation bill as relates to theprinting of Post Office blanks. Notice was givenof a bill appropriating $500,000 to complete the Wheat was firmer and m good tnilUog request. Among When the Eession opened, things were sup- Capitol extension. A bill providing for the efficient the sales were white Canadian, Indiana and Sootasrn, atview to day with the Secretary of State relative to renew icg the cegotiatiOES which werebroken off upwards of two years ago for a treaty between his government and thesanction in the letter of the coaeutuUon, in the great rifB of *etf defentw inherent in this bodv, or in the precedes* of this body, I may well adopt the'word* of the Speaker ot the House of Common* 'That it well b:ongs to teea 11l 'e. for middling uplands. Flour was firmer for 4sence of a very large cat In the meal tub sug- gested itself to the perspicacious mind.State, Western and Southern, while sales were legs active. Some descriptions were sold at slightly improved prices.journers.At Laura Kecnc's theatre a new piece, from the fruit- United States. The Secretary informed him that the Unit' Senate to pause before taking a step whieb may be nNEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY. MARCH 13, I860-Legislators ts insert in the tax levy the sum of prevail in Western Europe, a life contest exists. $150,000 for the purpose of providing proper courtA private letter received b e n today from at wars, Russia, dated tannery 1, »ay* P. Mc D. Consul to the aatoor, has been there ever twofull price*. Corn was active, and sales prettyfreely made at prices given in another place.Pork was without change of moment in prices; newmess sold at $18 12}i and old at $17 12J£, and ne w primaat $14 60. Sugars were firm, wit a sales of about 600 hhds ,at price* given in another column. The redused stock ofRio, now estimated at about 4,000 bag?, combined withthe firmness of holder*, checked sale*. A small lot, 114bags, prime Rio, sold at 14' ,c., which was an outside price.The consumption of this article has overtaken the labor in operations, they were all combined in about Brazil devoted to its cultivation. Freights were steady, half a dozen bills. These bills gave to Weed, with a fair amount of engagements. Cotton was taken forresolution passed, I think, unanimously at tbe beVnniaf of the session, which direct* tbe appointment of a con mittee to inquire into the facte attending the late invasM and seizure of the armory and arsenal at Harper's FerryJjverpool at 516d.,with bacon and lard at 25s. and to London 600 boxes cheec* at 40s.railways-the metropolis, free of any charge fromterrible accident occurred. A clipper bark, New York, if that distinguished order can take one. belonging to another concern, bore dowa uponThe New Complications In Europe—What Do They Mean!the Corporation. This first job was worth at French stage has. The distribution included Misses Keene, least "a million of dollars, and would have RoberUon, Delaod, Wells. Mrs. Fox, Messrs. Bourcicauit, C Fisher, ¥. Vincent, J. A. Smith and Burnett. AU th<> cut up very handsomely in the way of prize parts were fairly sustained, and the performance was money. The ways were all greased and the t mootli and satisfactory. Tbe mise at sane was very flue, and, without creating any extraordinary amount of en- thusiasm , tbe play may be accounted among the genuine successes of the season. There is a lesson in It for youngto San Francisco. There are now present in this city, in itself a tribunal with power of denunciation, bat wiU oat the power of issuing a warrant; with power tDuThe news from Europe, by the America atBarnum, Esq., President of the American Telegraph Com- in secreey, like an Inquieition, like a Star Chamber, iatt the guilt of absent persons, and by their report to denouncetively asserted that a treaty of alliance haspirate ship was ready to be launched, when apany . T. K. Walker, Esq., President of the New York and Buffalo Company; Dr. Green, President of the New Orleans and Loaicvine Company; Col. Bee, President of one of the California tine*; Judge Selden, of Rochester; T. & Faxton, Esq , of Utica; Cyrn* W. Field, Esq, of New York; Saraor, if j ou please, like a Grand Jury, with power to inqoirt before' the world fellow citizen* as villain* and tratsort. All that la embodied in that resolution upon which wt art now called to pass. Sir, if any such extraordiiary pover exist* under the constitution of the United State*. I sty boldly it cannot be fonud in the Senate. R beloogi to te» other body, which has tbe power of a grand inquest tt impeach ail cfliceis, from the Pteaiient dowa Bat car U nly it doe* not in the senate,.which baa the last rrsert of trying parties so impeached. Sir, the •nnstitutwo tfcertain alleged swindling transactions with Indian of connection with the present state of political and buried since his astonishing experiences in picture of "Lady Washington at Eighteen." The plav is tribes, bat BOaction was taken on either side. a clever sketch and was much liked.c mc. It appear* there are so many conflicting interests in vanccs and offences, as a grand kaqnest, but I doubt, dr. if the Senate of our neighbor Stat* would undents*17^3, and from these have grown tie constitu-NEWS FROM WASHINGTON.•"*"*•wet- weofjiw_ MLtutitm editor; Bivm. the OUbe p t t a i w : towa-T^oigans, and 17 from violent cause?. The nativity gium, Sweden, Spain and Portugal. The They hare bought Legislatures and Common Passage of the Homestead Bill Baker, the Collector of Philadelphia; and gas* « ?J i | E l OOKDO* • • " " » • able gives 375 natives of the United States, 80 of creation of Sardinia as a great Power Councils before to-day. They will not hesitateomce blank pnutmg mdmkttj.aad Barney, p * ^ ! J the Pfmufivemtam Mr. Ford, the new Hem* f Z * will appear before tbe committee to-morrev, aad rZ*. say* Mr. Datrees, the defeated, will ah* asyear.Ireland, 36 of Germany, 5 of England, sad the adds another to this galaxy, and leaves at small matters when they hare a big thing ihe Papacy and Naples isolated fro*» their kin- to carry through. It may be that neithertion which secures their early sloughing of the beold«ystems. The fact is now evident that the is a deep feeling of indignation abroad inNapoleonic dynasty belongs to the new and this community, caused by the indecent haste The Case of Hyatt, the Contumacious larper,i of Columbia to theenthusiasm prevailed, and a number ofspeeches were delivered. A delegaucn from the not to the old era, in the principles upon which shown by the Senators In consummating theirFerry Witsnt.AneorrBBsrWm. D. Sbtpman was confirmed by the Senate* twGeunan shoemakers was present, offering full co-it seeks to base its existence; and henoe the shame. Every one says that the railwayn H ^ j a a t P V . i PATS CAtur- operation in the moirement The meeting lasted new alliance and its prospective warn. Lorn—Bono* D U M A«edState* District Judge of Connecticut, in the p t j l HYATT INCARCERATED IN JAIL, *»*s* hxteraoU, deceased.schemes are infamous attempts at wholesalerobberry. The city press, witheut exception, ceedings will be found in another part of to-day's the principles of national organization and denounces the men who are attempting thesetiU eleven o'clock, and an ample report of its pro- Austria, bankrupt in everything, existing onanmsT MATTER*The National Rifle*, a new company are paradia> mat a body on* OU Jmlea*,. • Hotel, who made them a neat speech, JBSJV" to Joe Lane for sen ft*The case of Gen Oaltom, ex-clerk of u* feme *-•! premnutlu*. charged ta •everai cam* asa — *..wmtakmuptodayatbeOrtanEeUCnirt ALLpaper.The annual State election will take place tidayin New Hampshire. The democrats have on theirgovernment founded by Charlemagne a thou- sand j ears ago, hard pressed by tke Teutonic element in Prussia, and the progress of consti- tutional right in Italy, has thrown ierself intoState ticket the names of Asa P . Cate for Governor-THEATBX, S» Broadway.-VANITF and Frederick Vote for Railroad Commissioner; the arms of Russia, whom, so rteentty, sheand the republicans have nominated for re-election the present Executive,Iohabod Goodwin,andfor Railroad Commissioner, J. C. Tilson._ HAU 4T1 Broadway — '• COMraoM m Hiuxrivalled and thwarted in her designs upon the Turkish empire and Constantinople. What po-printed. They contain some additional facte, and are alao forty witness** were ceiled none of . JTT * * uuuexplanatory of *cme reasons which indueed our govern- ted States, tad not answer. Gen. Cation wmi ment to allow certain provisions to be incorporated into ready for trial, but as the court preferred* jBroadway —After- gislature, a sum *nfHcient to pay the old police between the Sclavonic theories of absolute MOMttSL. Bvenlng—Oc- force was defeated. A resolution requesting the rule, and those of constitutional right whichraids upon the property of the taxpayers.This is all very well, but the matter must not stop here. The taxpayers and others interested in the matter should convene an indignation meeting at once, to give expression to the po- pular feeling upon the matter. If the matter is dropped without an attempt at some definite and organized opposition to the schemes of the lobby pirates they will succeed; perhaps not immediately, but eventually. They are not the men to be disheartened by a little dose of public execration. They rather enjoy it. They have, at any rate, become quite accustomed to i t To this contest Turkey owes its present exist- And, finally, if the taxpayers of this cityroom was adopted.wnto* IAMOV, •w4wwrr-o»o. cnyn »«• IntheBoardofAldermenlasteveningamessage ence—a mongrel Power in the European do not take this matter up, and head off mery,andtheonlySouthernmanwho voted for it was laboringwiththegovernmenttoindue*themtoadeptinri *USOIU, DANCE*, *C-MA*. DAT 1 H*W EEABCALL*. was receired fromthe Mayor giving his reasons scheme. These new movements on the the pirates, save the city franchises, and KATIO*AX. OOSCXBT 8ALOOX, National Theatre — for vetoing the resolutions recently adopted by political chessboard of Europe carry us back discomfit the lobby, then they deserve to beMr. Craige. of Missouri. The bill provides that any per- telegraphic projtct to unite Moscow. In Russia, wft* aDANCES, 4c.How York, TMMdaf, M»rcb 13, I860.MAILS FOR EUROPE.The How Y o r k H e m l d — E d i t i o n for ferred to the special committee on street cleaning ing summer, and perhaps have a prejudicial ef- dollars which belong to the city of New Yorkfect upon our business relations with the Old is only the beginning of a series of measures transacted very little business of importance. The World. We have one advantage on this side of whereby the city taxpayers are to be depletedson who is the head of a family, or la twenty-one years or more of age, may enter one-quarter section of laud,loan, in Missouri. Tbe popular mind in sa faror of *, *, the functionaries who have th* direction of ways AMcm * muntcnttan acrom Siberia are alow. Mr. OolLas hat attthe Board relative to street cleaning. The to the period of the proposition of Nicholas to bound hand and foot and delivered over to theComptroller reported a deficit of $1,044,438 in tH Sir Hamilton Seymour in relation to the effects tender mercies of the ravenous Wall streetfund for street improvements. The subject was of the "sick man.'' The complications to which financiers and hungry country politicians. The•object to pre emption, and at tbe expiration of five proposition* from English capxnhcMtocomtimttMw**, years, if then a eitixan, shall be entitled to a patent en toe, furnishing all material*, with two wires to bahpayment of ten dollars.with, at his own estimate*, U Mr. Collin*' pan a tdtftst The Homestead bill is specially assigned for consider* he thinks be can complete a line from Moscow to St itmreferred to the Finance Committee. Alderman they will give riee will no doubt disturb the present attempt of a clique of unscrupulousposed to be all arranged. There was a Legisla- ture which sailed under the Weed flag, a good, tractable crew he had shipped, and the business promised as well as the ebony trade, which is so temptiDg to some of the black republicans of New York and Boston. As a beginning, some twelve or fifteen city railway bills were intro- duced ; subsequently, for greater iacility offul pen of Mr. Bonrclcault, was produced. It is a come- ed State* were ready and willing to negotiate a eommer' fatal to the liberty of a eitixen." It is now, I eav, pre dy in three acts, called "Vanity Fair," and has been cial treaty, which be had no doubt would be beneficial to posed to add a sixth, and that i* done by virtue oftSharp & Co. and their friends the right to buildTHE TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.An earnest and probably successful effort is making by the government, in conjunction with the leading telegraph gentlemen of tbe country, to insure the prompt completionin all theprincipalstreets ofnary coup d'etat, has succeeded in overthrow-praisers m the counties along the canal. In Com- public opinion and the ameliorating tendencies ing, in less than twc*days, the carefully ar- principal ro/ei in both nieces, aad succeeded, as usual, in however, stands about as good a chance of passing Con-ported was one for the appointment of canal ap-a dogged pertinacity in resisting the tide ofmittee several bills were considered and ordered to of the age. The Pope and the tyrant of Naples,a third reading; among them those for the protec- with apparently no other support than bank- their elaboration. George Law walked intoCity Intelligence.TIGHT Rora WALKING —Mons. De Lave, whose feats on the tight rope gained him so much notoriety last summer, gave one of his exhibitions to an admiring and wonder-tion of lessees, la relation to fire insurance com-panies, for the eacoaragement of vaccination, Ac.la the Assembly the Albany aad Susquehannarupt Austria and a few unreliable mercenaries, have sturdily resisted: the creation of a greatAlbany with his gridiron bill, and after a cam-Railroad bill was concurred ia in Committee of the Italian Power. The Emperor of Francepaign of only thirty-six hours won a completevictory over the opposition buccaneers. Law's struck crowd In Chatham street yesterday afternoon. Anumber of bills were Introduced aad reported.The annual meeting of the Society of the Church unexpected commercial treaty, the almostfamous Vent, vidl, vici campaign in Gaul. In lessly crossed tbe narrow bridge. His return trip he de- Merrill's, Bimms', Burnaide's, Joslya's, Schroeder'a, voted to the exhibition of numerous dartog feats, such a* Majcard's, Morse's and Sharps. They will continuethe battle royal of the freebooters the Law kneeling, lying full length, and standing on his head uponthe rope. His cafe periormince of these was greeted their examination for some days yetranged schemes which had required months for keeping the audience in the very beet possible humor.gress aa the other. Congrent will not appropriate a dol- lar for any aucn purpose.BREACH LOADING RIFLES.A board of army officers, under orders from the WarDepartment, are at present engaged at the Arsenal inrope was stretched across the street from the top of the th:s city, examining and testing various invention* Whole. Several local bills were passed, and a suddenly became a practical convert to triumph is one of the greatest exploits on re- National theatre to the roof of the house opposite At of small arms, and also testing some of the breachfree trade, and renewed, by a most cord. It Is only equalled by Julius Cucsars six o'closk Mons. De Lave made his appearance and 'fear- leading rifles. The list of these embraces Smith's,«f the Puritans (Dr. Cheevers) wasteId last even broken entente cordvale with England.1i. for the election of three trustees and othe Since then it has been reliably stated gang remain the masters of the field. with a hearty cheer by tbe spectator*. TH> BEVKNTH REGIMXNT AFFAIR.thereocnight Oar About threeMayor, and George Rodger*, of Engine Co. No, 84, was ap- that Power was rapidly arming. Now oomes ter of much significance which pirate pointed to All the vacancy. John Rmn, flreteterraph ope-ty should be imperilled by the conduct of suck as Mr.The BBBBMBJI was well attended, and that an unwonted activity prevailed in the To the parties Immediately interested in BBMOVAL BT re* MAYOR -George Bevlns, one of the The inevitable Seventh regiment was again today be- 'a fair sprinkling of ladies. There was Russian arsenals and dockyards, and that the main question it is not a mat- City Hall bell ringer*, was removed yesterday by the fore tbe House. It is a pity that its well earned popalari-—at aad manifestation offeel-rappointed in his pta*. Several other removals will also J*"^*1*^*lVmjfaftermid*posalsforthesettlementoftheItalianques-arebothtarredwiththesamebrush.bemadeontheseveralbelltower*inafaydays.Carter, of New York, Be waa th* laughing stock of thecarriedthroughthis session.ThereParragh offered an ordinance providing for thecleaning of the streets by contract It was re- political atmosphere of Europe during the com- political freebooters to pocket a million of tion in the Senate to morrow. Tbe prestige of it* mooes* in three years.The Board of CouncQmen met last evening, buti for Europe will cloe* in that city at ten o'clock report of the Committee on Repairs and Suppliesi the ocean. If we succeed in preserving intact for the aggrandizement of Law, Weed & Co.leave thai port to-morrow for Liverpool.' morning. in favor of building an area around the City Hall, I V EoBonA* tomes or THE HERAIDwill be published was adopted. An opinion was received from thethe peaceful and commercial relations between Both cliques are equally bad, both are workingthe North and the South in our own Union, for the same ends, both should be met and(now so seriously menaced by the aggressive overcome without delay. Otherwise all thetendencies of black republican abolitionism, the Corporation property might as well be trans- Major French, the notorious government defaulter. It experience of the war in the Crimea, and the ferred to the lobby at once. We have had talk has been furnished with furniture by his friends, and he recent campaign in Italy, proves to us that we enough. It is time to work. Who moves first will be supplied with rood and other comforts, so that heat noil peat nine o'clock in the morning. Single copic*, in wrapper*, *ix cents.Corporation Counsel to the effect that bills incurred for attendance on persons at the station houses or in custody of the police were chargeable to the Po-BubecnpUone and advertisement* for any edition of theKiwYon*HSBALDwillbereceivedatthefoliofringplace* liceFund. TheBoardconcurredtograntNaylorka Europe:—LonxMf ...SampsonLow,Son&Co.,47LudgateHill.ACo.the privilege,ofexhibiting in the Parkan immense steel fire alarm bell, manufactured at Sheffield for the city government of San Francisco. The report of the special committee on the protest of Abraham D. Lent against John Baker holding his seat as Councilman for the Sixth Senatorialhave little to fear from inter-European wars.Movements of the Political Baweaneers— The Latest CoupU'Etat of the Albany Lobby.in the matter ?ANOTHER A TTEMPT TO RUNP ASS Lirxarooi.'lanalng, Starr * Co., 74 King William street. Lansing, Baldwin It Co.. 8 place de la Bourse. I A\asing, Starr & Co., No. 0 Chapef street.R. Stuart. 10 Exchange street, East LaMinf, Baldwin &Co , 21 rue Corneille.STREETSTHROUGHDuring several years past an organized gang The contenU of the Etnonux EMTIOM or TO* HKRALD district was called up and adopted. It is probable of political buccaneers has been in existence Will combine the now* received by mail and telegraph at that Mr. Lent will occupy the vacant seat at the at Albany, with branch crews in tke metropo- tn* office during the previous week and up to the hsur of next meeting of the Board. The report of the lis. Thuilow Weed bas been the pirate chiefportion of Manhattan island has been again release him.tried in the Albany Legislature by Mr. Richard THE TARIFF BILL.Connolly, a Senator from this city. Mr. Con- The tariff bill which Mr. Moi rill endeavored to reporttoday, tinder a suspension of tbe roles, ts the same as that broughtforward by him last year, but with several modifications.motion of Sir. Morrill, to day, to admit a tariff and loan HTXAM MAIL UNX BBTWXXN CfURLBBTOX AND H r , U j bill, the vote showed a handsome majority in favor of the Mr KINO, (rep.) of N. Y ., presented the petite)* *f ts proposition. The Tariff bill is substantially the same a* merchant* of New York favoring the estobliahmestsi reported by Mr. Morrill but year. It provides for six steam mail line between Charleston and Havana r» Is/ dollars per ton on pig iron, twelve dollars on railroad iron, West.fifteen dollar* on bar iron, aad other iron ranging fromsixteen dollar* to twenty five dollar*.publication. _ _ Aldermen in favor of making the Daily Tran-T h e N e w * * script a corporation paper was concurred in, be- at Albany, and Jacob Sharp his metropolitanBy the arrival of the America at Halifax yester. sides a number of unimportant general orders. lieutenant The prize upon which these bucca- day, we hare European advices to the 27th ult— The report of the Committee on Streets, in favor neers intend to bear down is nothing less thannolly proposes the appointment of a commis-sion to lay out streets over that part of theisland lying between Trinity Cemetery and Although the House refused to suspend the rules, on coast* of Long Island aad New Jersey. Referred.three days later than the accounts previously re- of paving Centre street with Belgian pavement,the public property of the metropolis itself—a prize which far outshines the wildest visionsof Morgan and his comrades, who originatedthe buccaneering trade upon the Spanish Main.If they captured a galleon with half a millionof dollars in specie, they were satisfied; butthe Albany freebooters are remorseless. LikeCardinal Wolsey, their stomachs are unbound-ed, and they cry continually for more, more,more. The game at which Weed, Sharp & Co.Washington Heights, on the pretext that such a job is desired by the property owners in that locality. The contrary, however, is the fact: the owners of property there are opposed to any interference with that neighborhood for at least two or three years to come—in short, until the Central Park is completed. There may be a few property holders in favor of this measure for some purposes of speculation; but when Senator Connolly represents the owners of pro- perty generally as desiring to have streets andceived. The newa is important, as will be seen bywas adopted. Mr. Pinckney opposed it, on thethe copious telegraphic summary' published in ground that property holders should pay one-halfanother column, and may be thus briefly summed of the expense, instead of requiring the city toop:—1—Austria rejects the propositions of Englandfor the settlement of the Italian question. 2—Kenewai of the old alliance between Austriaand Russia.3—Probability of another bloody war in Italy. 4—Sardinian proposals to the Pope regarding theLegations, and hi* refusal to entertain them. 6—Resolution of the French Ministerial Councilagainst Italian unity.6—Increasing popularity of the Franco-Englishtieaty.bear the whole cost. Mr. Shaw replied that the city should bear the expense, because the State granted the Fourth Avenue Railroad Company the privilege of running cars without repairing thestreets.The will of John G. Boker, the father-in-law ofJohn Dean, the coachman, who eloped with " his own Mary Ann" about three years ago, was offered for probate in the Surrogate's Court yesterday. The testator leaves all his property consisting of a considerable amount of real and personal estate, to his wife, to be divided after her death into fourPRINTING POST OFFICE BLANKS.the operation of so much the recent Poet Office Am»printion bill a* relate* to the printing of Post OSn blank* until the further action of Congress He atdl bad received tbe onanlmoo* consent of theIt was read three tones aad named.THE CAFTTOL axraNSsoN.&. Mr. BRIGHT, (dem ) of bid., gave notice of a billpriaUcg half a million dollars for the complete* of th Capitol extension.THE CASE OP HTATT. THE HARPER'S FXXST WITNmS.Mr. MASOM, (dem ) of Va , moved that Mr. Hyatt Mbrought in. Agreed to.Tbe resolution* offered on Friday were read, firsisJtf7—Spanish schemes of aggrandisement in Mo- parts, which are to be distributed among four of his tropolitan taxpayers, by a trained band of rocco.member. Business accumulates for this committee TBB DiaBrBBASCXS ON IBS RIO GRA.VDItify.Mr. SCMXXX, (rep.) of Maaa, said H wa* relate* aErgheh Parliamentary history that upon a similar can* the present one the Speaker, before potting the queetm, volunteered to say to the House of fWir"*— that taw should pause before undertaking to pia* anon a qoesttnn8—The English Channel fleet ordered to the Me- children. • One clause cuts "Mary Ahn" off, how. sportsmen who have been reducing the art OfIt is tbe inUntioa of the War Department to concen-trate about four thousand troop* upon the Mexican fron-tier by the last of May. The withdrawal of troops from material to tbe liberty of the subject That very *mv Utah for this purpose it Is feared will renew the difficul- tion is now before tbe Senate, when they commit Mr.diterranean.ever, from the share she was to have had when thetestament was framed—the deceased even men-public plundering to all the mathematical sure ty of one of the exact sciences.To simplify the work before them, the chiefs of the lobby first commenced operations by•—New and important changes in the alliances of tioning his desire to have her name entirely oblite- the great European Power*.10—The provisions of the American treaty with rated from his will. The citation is returnable onChina extended to Great Britain and other Powers Opening of the porta of Swatow and Kiawan.ties in that Territory.p o s t OFFICE CKRTIFlCArKS.Hyatt to the common tail, they win eatabU*h in tab bets, for the first time, a precedent which will be law n etmr cam* hereafter. They moat find the power in the tentj tution, it not in express word*, at least implied, UefoM tee?the 28th of next month.Fire Marshal Baker on Sunday night last con legislating the city out of all its municipalAbout two thousand Post Office certiflcates hare beenfly is found in the franchises of the city—theferries, docks, slip*, etc.; the right of way avenues laid out there, he misrepresents theTHI CASE OX SICKLES AXD WILLlAMSO.X.Some of the republican* are indignant that Mr. Gilmer, Chairman of the Committee on Elections, should bring in a minority report against allowing Mr. Williamson time to take testimony to unseat Mr. Sickle*. The majority re- port, by Mr. Dawea, of Massachusetts, give* the contest- ant sixty daya to take testimony, and Thursday next isassigned for the consideration of tbe subject.TH* CHAaGXX AGAISST TEX AOMDOaZBATlOX.Mr. Covode'* Executive Investigating Committee willthrough the public streets for railroad grants ; the sale of corporation property, such as mar- kets, etc., and general poaching upon the me-facts. There is no necessity for anything ofthis kind just at present, and it would be amischievous and expensive job to undertake.Efforts have been continually made to get upthis scheme, not for the benefit of the propertyowners, or of the city, but for the interests ofcertain parties who expect to make money bythe operation. It was tried in the Assemblylast session, and failed, and we hope that theSenate will not be misled by any interestednot meet until next week, owing to the absence of a to commit Mr. Hyatt to Jail until he consents tsax-a woman who is a vixen, and pretends to be a sufferingargel: an Italian refugee who is really a broken downgambler, and so on. Tbe good pJople are represented byRose, a peasant girl, for whom the hero of the playhas a real afiecUon; a rather or tbe regularBoulevart type, and a mQiiaire who is perfectly angelic,and who gets the wicked young man out of all the scrapesinto which his bad companions lead him. The plot of theplay Is very slight—hardly worth mentioning—but thedialogue is full of good things, and some of the situationsare exceedingly clever. The characters are wsll drawn, of a substantial line of telegraph from the Mississippi river but need tbe careful gradaticn which only therelations between the Powers. Austria, bank- the Presidential campaign of 1856, has been At the Winter Garden Mr. Jefferson's benefit drew a behall of th s mc ware that it is likely to fall to the ground. to exerene so trantcendant a power. Sir, &known farce, 'Animal Magnetism." re-christened "fhe ing aid from government, they ought to have pat it at one Quack Doctor," and the very successful burlesque upon"Ivannoe." Mrs. Wood and Mr. Jefferson played the hundred thousand dollars per annum instead of fifty. One,a right to inquire into alleged crime, no matter, wtuf* committed, co matter what its nature. whether of trtsttft. or murder, or riot—no matter whether in tbe Distrist* Columbia, or a State—you may rush to the aaatsaoM you please, uaier this power of Grand Jury of tbe IMtBW or of the State of Virginia. Yon constitute yooneires into an irqueet of a commanding character, witeprtoa* far reaching, no that your power te trsn*mnd*at *•*• nr.perbnpslmay be peculiarly seaaitive eatxdsq***- tion, but 1 cannot forget that, a* a ctt'^n of tfasmcamev the Bill of Rights prepared by John Adams, in tee tin* aad trial* of tbe Revolution, expressly annou»ces tbatjt- dicta! powers mast be aevered irom lerntetive P » « 2 and that legislative power must aiwaye be kept MP**"? from judicial power*, to the end that we might be agw vernment of cause and effect. I fancy teat tt star be said that tbe reaolutioa may be c«Tte» in this respect, and, therefore, that the genuenan at (the bar mould be held to respond;'but TMTMJ> air, yen will not, on any *ach r*fitwm«nt at if**. "*•** take to hold a fellow citteen in prison. J TM *°*"." S inahe performance of Judkaal shitto*, bsst.etoiPy, » 2 performance of its letf«totrre duttet. ***<£> » "J, aware when the Senate, oc any of tmaommlUfm,^ occasion lor informaUo* from officer* of the #"*££* whether at a distance or near, tbey art draggee before.aaaay of the members, andware decidedly spicy the climax, that Austria rejects the English pro- captain Is successful for the moment. They rator, was ah) removed, and Thomas Hatpin, of 17 Hose. Honee to-day, as be floundered in his vain efforts to committee. I belter* rt a* the habit for ah « * * P ^ " *'crowded oat tion, reserving her right to use force for its The taxpayers of the metropolis have a splen- J*?*81**' afternoon the arrangement according to her wish, and that did prospect before them, from any point o 'Police Intelligence.Om or TBBFANCY m TROLBL*—Jim Masny, the pugi-elevatehimselfatth*expenseoftheregiment. A more mortifying rebuke has never been visited by the House open a member than was ad- ministered to him by It refusal to even bear his reso-^•°0°*taU*b7"wm-*or«r^i<dim**t^e^hat not S * r 1 t e e J d y * ^ n S * o f ttm government» IfJfence, over wbotn foa •»•» — «• iVM.,'t_«»r *t nboald be entitled to fee* cootMerntioo. 1[tbtek, w , "Jowned by the ^•»*B(B«tatess4, the has consummated an alliance with Russia. view. They have the privilege of living in a list and priae fighter, was yesterday arrested by detec- lution read, and by it* overwhelming rejection. It exploded, killing Cart W W | This u the old struggle of the dynasties city where the police is weak and inefficient, tives Slowey and King, for hi* alleged participation In the la ajgaiScantly asked bow came he gasBasBWI of Mr.injuring against the people. The representatives of the where there is no attention paid by the govern- late -mill" between Australian Kelly and Ned Price. He CochraEe'a despatch asd letter to Colonel Ufijertar Can Should be invited tooasnmmtmat* what be k * o « w »principle* of ruling by divine right, and by the ment to sanitary laws, where the streets are was apprehended on a warrant issued by the Court of it be that the tegiment authorizes this proceeding? A • —•> »". 1be moAt i* harmony wkVu I Ascordiai to the GUT Inspector'* reportthere 'Oyer and Terminer of Erie county; but scop after his arrestwere 509 deaths is the dry during the past week Tfe** o f Inheritance, axe alarmed at the pro* always filthy and sometimes impassable. For •writ of babea* oorpn* was iasaed by Judge Russell, re- letter to Mr. Cochrane from Colonel LefferU assures bimquiring his appearance before him to give bail. A* the that the regiment knows that he was not on the commit maintttoed I & sure, if the Senate it *lW»*»*??t^ ^ ^ * ^ * ~S*^A> w ^s*nof the Italian dukes, and the- of their possessions to, crease of a million of dollars per annum in theu**ell. The priaoocr remains in custody, in theMBS KLLEIKIT Btcst.-We understand that this lady BOBbeen teThed by the officer* of the United State* Navy, auached to tbe New York station, to read for them. Shethe invitation, and, aa we an- informed, willMr^reXnt,l .ubstdt that SKssj**"**"** responsible. So it would seem that Mr. Carter Is fishing undertake to exermr* a ponar which it twbout aa;**^without hare for a little popularity in the pond Of Baninth*constitutionor In reanon, waJcnu•*•**£.tlteaeaea,Jrahtfo,a,,y in*oftheWarnthe generative organs, 23 of the heart andeases c/the skin aad eruptive fe ibirth* is eS"^^•"•IliWaa sMssvehy of Sardinia. Thetax list teems inevitable. Meanwhile, thereare certain valuable city franchises, things which actually belong to the taxpayers asaa their real or oersonal DronartiM nfFulton 13069www.fultonhistory.comSeventh regiment.TOTpxnrrrsG L\vE*rra4tMW.TUo Senate Printing Investigating Committee have thusto just oritichm, and which in BeeIf a *0 van teJSMPJ neoVnce*. If y ou mad tit* ewsrttoman totwn, » « £ £with the m/%«..in € « • which the right tfthe people to choose this we paid last year twelve millions of dol- tee, and of its indebtedness to ban for many personal em7a^TpW«r axtWa, a ehould mKbe ffj^Tj Court at which the original warrant was issued h at pre* simple reaolution, hot in potsaaaes f* * * ? * ? . * , * .T5 more than occurred last year.«w U M B E R ^ M * ^ v ai« making, particularly as exhibited lars. Next year we shall be asked far more, enttaaessjOB, a difficulty arrtaea aa to whether Massey attention*, aad states that complaint* come from those JSenU tew which shall have pnmed tkd. boa r « - ' * pand, under the present order of things, an in- should be sent to Brie county or brought before Judge not connected with tbe regiment, and for whom it is no1 other Honte, *nd received the approval of the « * T ^ fUntitled Document«Ve,, Ac,Oar Special Washington Despatch.WASHDTCTO:!, March IS, lsSO. tBX MXXICAJI XBBaTT.The 8*nat* went into executive session to-day, and con firmed some unimportant appointment*. The doenmesta called fur by the Senate in regard to the Mexican treaty were today sent la by the President and ordered to beMR. HYATT QT FBISOX ,Mr. Hyatt was this evening committed by the United States Senate to the ja'l of the District of Columbia by a vote of forty .four to ten. He waa pnt in a large room In tbe southeast comer of the jail, formerly occupied byboth governments.A BRANCH MINT IN NEW YORK.Responsible parties in New York have submitted a by a band of armed men, Ac. Mr. President n that re- proposition to the Secretary of the Treasury to make the solution, after several weeks of setsion, the witness notfor a Branch Mint in New York, for one hundred thou-testify to the chairman of that committee, th* Senator from Virginia (Mr. Ma*on\ who now call* upon tee Senate in a new case to imprison an American oil *;*, msand dollars, which the director of tbe Mint in Philadel-phia stated in hi* report would cost over one million I have said without any sanction to the letter of the coa-dollars.sutution, in the right of self defence, or ta the precedents of this body. In the absence of reason and precedent a support ot* his motion, 1 think you may well pause Bat I do not stop here, I go farther, I point out in the resale tion itself two catholic effects, I believe sofficient to vitiate all it* proceedings, We.1, air, it • an assumption of judi- ctel power, but without any judicial purpose or uueeL The committee constituted under the resolution it ticonsultation upon this subject, Hiram Sibley, Esq., Presi-dent of the Western Union Telegraph Company; Zenasa Grand Jury, or, rather, sir—let me not take my Iman from a aource of that character—it is a committee Ftteajthe bill before the Senate for a line of telegraph to the Pa qure, on the oath of witnesses, into all eomplaiate, grB-Mr. TxaxBTcx, (rep ) of N. J ., introduced a bin fare» more complete equipment of lif* saving atatiom m a,rtteisui;H e a r t , t u ( JnexnoAT**Major B. B. French, J J. Coomb*, 0. a. Hal am t1mCuphano have beer -ta*TH* caacaoooaaiBsmw.*> ••"— ^** *|astranswW Waanana*Ha?taaSiHiMr. KING also introduced n Joint resolution, sospeaSnr Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Streetfar examined fourteea witnessesAmong them are Mr.New YorkUaha precedent for an c**mhWmr.world that tha Senate, to the «f***; "*judicial done*, but b» tbe ewei^St j * ^f^.*Stj?~***?Z*^ / J U 