 .Still tills Mooaa and others beat cowardlyhim,surge- ed ID the Hour uf not IcSd than 16 pur cent. In the c9m- whole acquaintance and interiH>ur.-;e, fniiili ir or Feino'e Supporters, ISho'iMor Briiee--". imvroved suspen- i-' inciirrtd s-nlcly for tie puriKJteof ^'cneratiuggas to'FRANCI.1 HALL. Editor andN.-r.--Yurk Comin-n.ial Advertiser.I hereby certify that 1 have examined a number of testimonials cxhliited to loe t'y the Graefenberg Com- pany relative to the merits of iLeir medit-ines. and I takeRTODART PIANOS. GRAND, SQUARE AND PICCOLO.;Rev. Joseph P.,persistedrefusal,the;store gray hairtheir original oolor with-.proofproducedtime,an:lto prove thedateoffour; nix thoroughly by passingor threeand other markets to the up.for all this in the Courts ?i.-,plain. Tne'oftiiieCity.STKPiirxs—KrAENY.—In this City, on Tnc-day. Nov. tvo eg's all w< n It at toKether'nurceryalterfheleft in the menottJout of'Tllia was in bis aa-i he was thus left placed pocket,banging, between Slave an:: Free Territory, as a bea- con to eril-doers.Mr. HniDS had been living In Mlasouri the past Sam-Hi.-' order was promptly obeyed, andJils generalship soon fell asleep with Ids gun under his pillow.When the Captain's bed-time came, I noticed thatO^KaM.fc»rlo^ wa*i;i.he writing in a chair in a roomUie libran-. Burcii'THEINDBPB^DKrr aXHatoUthemthmtKaam had beaa par'Thej order no maa oat of tbe 'think saw Mrs. Dorch before Farnam etxiS J, : 'tfFVttlSWKBK admbmblft namber, Cled mV% ieatonctlTe aad ra- loaMa reacling, fully ap to the timra. aai aparUlac and•^wwdatefiblind ui*t It thould nerer b* made a huat-^Bt-fODi rtlher by Ulmarl ilars-drlTer* or Kansas"naegsde*. Ther had no dealgn to Interfere In any bim tbe beotfit of aU doubli. Horse thieresAad alwaya l>een ready to do the tame. If U(<sou- liaaa, or any of tfatir lackeys, were founl kllaipJlagwm]r w«h the aSUra of Hltsourl, butTUK^URi?^Q*'3r ,must stay thieves alike deserre, and will alike tuier titir own aide of the Ilse. The people of Kaaus Ff ee men bare conquered Kansas, and now itspectacle, to what followed the next day.Mr. DcBTiM Scott, before named, was held a pris- onar until morning, as he was implicated in the same transactions with Mooas. J. M. Uofpsaglb, tbe pres- ent postmaster of Mapleton, was also arrested by theluliy before signing.(Signed)MARY W. BT'UCII.CF.KTIHCATE FROM DR. HAYES. AR^'.^M.r. TO THK STATE OF M iSSACHUSETTS.the i^Dglish e<litions have been followed,4. Ihe typoKTHphicai excellence of the publicationplaces it among the Lest that have liecn issued from the" Riverside" i'ress.5. Tbe Appendix contains several essays, attributed toIn ra]^ly,^til over two hundred were pre£«u^The trial continued through the forenoun, but all the evidence was somewhat circumstantial, and giv- ing tlie prisoners the benefit of all doubts, they were not until they were told ttiat positiveH'm. JfcK"ar/, Clerk of the United SUtes Express,byaud cxttLiJed ute.denominations.THE SECULAR SHEET,released,of Deposition HarveyD. Colwinbi^ could beproposed ofclock to Burch, withiheylo-morrow. sheentered•jy^L ?TM her Imock at Buroh'a door at aiglilXDITEn niustrattd With Drawingsby<» ou- coil, tbey would be hung aa fast as they could claim to t>e gorernod, and which conaiitute thepub-:VignettMoal>epeace to tbese border constles, separated only by an MTpublicis a leading spirit In the work. He may be termed;Thehjce. rtlaOyei.ofthefamily,andalsoofontinted rocco.quarto volmnTa?! paperandbonudUtheToaugikt. Nothingter sonr, William, .John, James. Robert. Joseph aadat the enl of theartU waa folded, and ou the back of it was written, situiily discharging his pop-gun, with paper wads, atHENRY WARD From the Text'* Rise, take up lAy bed, anatnalk."gcod .Story of the accient New-England times for"of Kansaa, /or Indnoppmg, ~ wtae Bay expect liie same fate."inaHsBgoiitbe nth day of Nurember, IbM, by thew hen MThen came bis military order pop-gun put under my head."Maddenpeopleingtothe and health,ofAlert to aid and pilot Mistoori parties in search of ne-drawlogsLottery,docertify :of a most Interesting and valuablewerabipperstlieinatUution,''" TRUANCYA sound and aensib e paper, byCHARLES L. BRACE.The Chi!Jjec will find on THEIR Page a Fairy Tale,called"THE WATER-KELPIK." An interesting letter of"ITALIAN NOTES AND SKETCHES." BTcharacter, pre-He bad a brothi-r-in-ia* naned Ram, who lived but balf a mile from him, but his house wased aurst, in Burch's handwriting, was as followsla the presence of AJtuighty God, the Great Creatorgroes.originalled to the production of Mr.m Missouri, and Capt. Jianson would allownoone tointeim|)t him. fur the retv>n that be waa outside of our Jurisdiction, altliough be had oftenaccompanied Mr. Uuids on hia kidnappiug tours.On Wedneada^, tne i4th inst., the same party, ac- compaatad tiy othisra, Qostiy from Linn County, visit- ad a TUMge cailisu Baruesnlie, on tbe Osage tUver. in44, 39,62,acroas the line,overall kinds, and business and all ages, from three years to man-49, 73, IS, 53, Claa Ifo.All who do llke-ts. MonmoutKY put him*'in his snug little bed.the tenor of my Jife shall I now declare and be, solemalyswear, under threatened penalty of eternil damnation, should I declare falsely and utter a lie, that my child, Harriet Coming Burch, Is child andand had been su for the of near two the town weri, somewhat alarmed to see an armed piegnant spaceChandeliers,PlatedOooda, &c.>BtobM'wnxiAMPATTON, D. D. entitledtu aeaichof two allegedDaaedKeuaMyndSsaiBaia. These gentlemen had ofitpiing of Isaac U. BorchCounty,Udoappert,had also been pfotcieixtt at their trade, butwere490 and 492Del"RUINOUS LIVING.'*BrREV. STEPHEN H. TYNG. D. D. " NO STEP BACKWARDS,"so fortunate aa to get alwut five minutes' warning be-theyNos. 188,WiliaiDgtcn,,otSt. I.ouis.Ho.at some futurewhenever ^ was, they might expect another visit, if to ject of shofli'ing Incorrectne'ss of Laylor's testimnny.twolimes t>,rougb a sieve; rub in a piece of butter of hah' the »zc of an egg and make the pa^te withbe foimd ^^ Objection by complainant's counsel, ou groimus of .full the pihi^lples by which tbey weregovernedinshould be immediatelyplaoe" POPE AND BURKS." low. " fTssay. Bywhat mig^ seem to some as asary movement, and it is taid that his remarks were applauded by repeated cheers from the people present.in a hot even and bakequickly.tion has been witnessed in thatparticularfor refreshmentson which the act of adultery was;Mr. to aid the poor, famishing peoplethemore,when merelytheto a few counties, but:.,andJ Co"l^dwo-TICTOB BISHOP, No. 23 Maiden-lane.of eittuds notMargaret O^Hara was called for cross-examination —First conversation hud about Stuait wltli Burch wasformer place.Champus—Hr.vRT.—In Scotland. Conn., on Wednes-and nakedness are upon a BuQ'ering people hanger, to death, within the men' and children sinking downHavinghad consultation with some of the actors on ttfard of iroublef of the week before she Wedn-^eday.Ifo Vort.4blooiySt. PauPB Church.Finkle & LyoBM* Sewing machine** wtthNAi UANIELHaWTHORNE." Biographical sket*. '• UNCLE SAM'S ADDRtSS TO HIS B0X8." NfcS. " MORE St;AKF.D THAN HURT."" I'AI 11." Wileie CoiilKS. 1 IIE CROSi-ED Btory by"SHKINK'S ISLAND." Completed story. "TYRANNY." Poeni by Joseph Baebee.Tbey conceded that something of the kind had be-come necessary to arrest the tide that was fast sweep- cuseing over th(em. It should be borne in mind that a he was in the room whenever I called.S38 Broadway» New-York, and UC Fulton st,, Brooklyn.mass-meeting was lield at Raysrille, on the Ctsage,last Spring, at which it was resolved by ii;; parlies,tliat tiiere should lie no more appeals to Lynch-law, .^liion, because the book had not been produced. TiiePrepareofbatten ;Two of pagesbut ttiat man should be everytried a Court overruled the objection, it being competent forfew weeks by a very simple remedy, after hiiving suf-fairlyThis was panicuJarly the expression of the Drmocraucto call the witness to product tne Have for sale Real <^lcl SilverWare,5percent,icsthancnyoUirrhou;tj:atheportion of the meeting. But nowSold by all news agents.it has come to pass that the Democrats, as the repres-entaiives of tiie Slave Power, have organizt^d their " Dartc-laaterii" conclave, and thatorgauization cruelly beat and uun;j auU refused him the investi-wasHnaa Csslin, last Jui>gation which he begged for.that the Amnesty ^v.2 is broken.;walked home with Mrs.paring each of flour and Iwliaa meal, and thre« cure forusing Consumption.Asthma, Bronchitis, &c. The Monthlycents, tormiug the cheipest Monthly,|!IOd« pii.tin th'- »-ori <l . OFBut the uninitiated will inquire why not find redressCtl' CAKE.lio.r<lrd o»red threce^ btuet^taepr,oe:nwfouiosf offlUfLcaera.vaend.-oix with milk: tosuitthetaatc. Bakeand still it is known organization spokenof eifikt e^t'- .well beateu. and the juive of one lemon WEBSTER (^AKF„out Kansas, and even Missouri and other States. I: isloid me whenhe calledday. N iv. 21, bv Hiv. Thomas Tallraan, Edkund L.Leavan, to the ta&te. Bake about half aaParis,^^__^__ SECEDE.theiefore no umsliioom. We hear theYiour aid is New-Yore^Nov^23j^^5:^!do-tnion IS all the humiog-ground of the South ";noticed Mrs. Burch's face when in cjiMp^ny;whenStuartto*?k tpa. that she never notir.f;ddaughturr"-iidcnjc, Nu. 33 lienrv st., N'-w-York. Thomson.—Inthi>Jt.:'y,oDT-iey^ay,-Nov.::i,Thomson, in the **tL' yewr'^f hiscake, soft sugar)k.>ursc rake, apple pudding. Highland coke, Union ribbons,^'.,LDnifO. COMFORTABLM. STOCK IN TRAD.. I»?^\yjj baTTS FOR THK MARKIT.A few iten ill Kansas havu rutmit.T-heyhaveinstitutedanewcpocii\utnehistory -ofourtiovemment. For the first Ume since our Shin of at the houseeqoal to new, without Injury to oolor atIT^^ R^^J^^^'ioState w>» launched, a man Is boldly hung in open day,;The^^^'^^J^B.Everv merchant, upholsterer, hotel-keeperfor huntleg colored men in Kansas. Theindeed an heroic one, especially when awas InvHW to witness the srene, in any capacity tbey might piVjfer. What its effect may be upon the Union-called to it after Mrs. Burch left homeIn relatiou tolyOTICE.—MERCHANTS k<eeip>er unsec nosavers is a question with two sides. disowned by those who i^pplied the torch.THE CHEAPEST AND BEST IN THE MARKBT.J. R. HARRINGTON.Office and warerwms. No. MO Pearl-st.CAB FIXTDKB8. i.M.iIf it she ild pro' c to be a bombshell in their camp, a'l such L.tention is;lai:?fE. ycucKer; di^uchter of William A. ;i.nd Helena S. DoolUtie, aged 7 y -s-r^ 2 months andSdav-.PARKER SEWING S40 M^CUINES.FiasT-cLASB, Doubls-Truad,and noiseless, under patents of Howe, Grover s.this new stage, I can give something of their professed eft irfthturd she her crying u.ie night the week beforecorner of Cailtnn-av., at BrRSKT,—In Brooklyn, onoVlock P. M.Nov. JT. Jk-^ic\oun-' Jlens Broadway, and Mer-jan-VERNON A CO.. No. ^S Brmdrray.signals;fruit iuid«p}««simply saM, Mr.,,,.,/; „ojonly as cents per bottle.by jury. Ibe book.;;Bamnm. to sas. Friends of humanity, I appeal you;objects and Intentions. They assert that their posi- ther Jather <ay,ehiNkoe, father, noAllan, danfihter of John M. ;T(ned.^Cd;.*yE.. Buriict, a.:<i;<l I year. 9 months and 3 days-tion is a Wgh moral one, aliove all personality or indi-careThey will protect Democrats and all alike. If they be- .=_ v.. „?kdthat they are not dealing with poli- tics, but ivith principles. Immutable and inalienable.;""'='' '='-fa'ni after thatA NEW WAY OF ADVERTISING.vidual revengethe rc-iO-iicc "f her parents. No. 231;would hear hprneral, from mv.. Brooklyn,Carlton- en Thur^ay, iyth ins:., at 2^ o'clocktim--'- arcomplish nehave equally well. Tliey never atk a man his poli- «,^, „n ..„ """T'°'^'""^'-^londriy afternoon;;p. M. Brooklvo. on Nov.THK WHISKERBS 0Ot&talmostCbampi i\. ofNew-Yori. to Fansik, dauyh'-erofBeaja->RWB of afammiine 01'iiample is sj;ive Statethe Farnam called. Mrs. Burch didn't tell her eveningamkt- fiiL-i| }and hoase- other, buy no other, sell no other thantics, but if any member of tlieir company is found pil- Burch at the h, a<l of the n„irv. „rUm- ;into Ui; ^"''''^the most valuable of femiclne a-.tiacti jue. *^"e pr<HBk traah, but has now been paMia; fering, he is disarmed, and tlireatened with hanging. went oown <ju,cmKly afterIf the Slave States want negroes, they must ^he :ippeareu i-r^ it people of Burch early on Ti].fd:iy\ yhitku;., ..IJ ^ri ng attend tbe funeral,at No. IS Court-st., on Philadelrhia. Kor sale »'V the I'r.prietor, Canal- givea cheerfulness to*raBy and has always given satlslkctlen It. la •l|Ml«aa,.aV Airs mtisV "o keep them at home, for the moment a slave sets his away, but not till her ut.cle raiiie uftcr her a.k?4SOth in>tot the late Thomas March, agf 1 To ycsoil,for *ii "* sale..a,he is free, and they will protectthink shp ^:li,l she was pre.,, limcCaaaa^yi«rt^^ Sold,afoot on Kansashim at all hazards.MppeO. a tiuman beins in ttis Territory , skull ait.;of the IwitIasllanillSllHllTPrioe, $UR.G. GRAHAM?Anv man convicted of having kid-eisc iangoaircThere are numerous c-unterfeils n.Teredwhich are de6tit4ti; gf aiorit -ud i-ooitivt-iy i:-.j-.ri&us the pj'SUBktoflee wben do mftn panaeUi,*JlM]r _did criei my room that eveninggo, vmlesa hU guilt It clear andwhileCial day6h* sittingoi>posiie, BuVrhporiflr* J will hacg blm. tnit uerer until tried bf a>wrote; came laio :froameaiid said, "Oh! Manpret, I must go a. -be a home for aU.Sucb is an abstract of the principles by which they.M laid she wanted to comeBestDO TTE LIVE UNDFR A GOVERKMKNT,"SteeMhir*own room andshort uf tbis could erer restore stance of their declarations. Capt. ytosmou- tlie children, and not let Hattle forgel her mother yearJames, in me soOiArtl-stB One elegant crowniMaginaiy Um from a 81nve State. It was for the the M^or-Creneral.aad directs the stunn. As ever, the house ii thej wrote Jierbifbeat interest of every settler la these conntles that be baa the sympathy an-i coDfitJcnce of U»e masses The cros.'.-i laminaliun was not 6ni*hed when the it ahonld be so, and It would prove equally beneldal where be moTes. Such being the position of affairs l-oun pjouroed During tiie testimony the witness9tn^is''TurkfrMorocco,gilte.traandeleg,«, Turkey Morocco antique, $12 BO »"••'"to U>e people of HIsso'uil. If any of our cldzeos ini'outhem Kansas, Uie future developmentswill becried wld!c H'esklngof MrF. Udkuh's troubles. Mrs.BEECH£R STOWF, EoUtledlllu,traUon.h«^ THODSiND Bdlirara foand on their soil, seeking tu entice or kidnap slares from ttat state, ibey were offered the same re- dress.Such was the tenor of bis remarks, and they werewatched wlrb unusual inierej-t. ItiHiaticod lament- able, if ihe *urroui.dmgs make such Kceuee as these necei-frary or justifiable, and it is no ies? to be depre- cated ii they arc permitted to occur while they are notJ he deepest atleiition wa^ during Uie tesliuiony.spoke paid by"BELOW AND ABOVEwritten in a cew measured, and wit^rut rhyme.indorsed by all who listened to them—of ail parties" wmdigress,togiveaIKtleinci'lentfromour In-from Hanlltwi, the Ylewi. aabjMta by celebrated maiine— «i the moat pratnlcabie lemedy. i nder.ail the clreum- attncea. Accordingly, Mr Hiant was led to a tree tliat staada j ott on the line tietween Ulsaouri and Kan- na, and there hong to a limb until he was dead. HisIteiiorJife." Wniie slopping as the guest of Capt.AA newand or ginal baBad byM(i(T«t)iiEBT a (ew n'Rhts sinre, my attention was at- tracted fiom our earnest conversation, by the move- nitntsol oueof Ms children—a Uule boy, less than three years old. He was aaiusing Idmself before atr A new Portablebricks and building materials, or goods from vessels at the docks, caabe seen at the Agency, No, IM Ouane-st.ornoiAL DKAwares, by tclcsraph. OF THK USaAIilZED liOTVBKIES.WOOD, n~WILLUM ALLEN admirable Sermon byBUTI*EB.cabin, by con- the kuten in ihe corner. His bed'time soon came,fire In Uie tire-placeBEECHER, •for thia »orkby engraredtlwhe bad bome half-a-dozen firearms near tilsK.;DT &of theThatkigivicg-Day. entitled•TUfc TEMPTATIONS AND TRIALS OF JOB THORN-DIKE,"BT CHARLES F. BRIGG3,Torld-reovwaedThe Court met atfence waived the point raised last night, andImdependrnt, who entatlon volume of the year. Ita contentspraer^s alio Uteraryary,Co.,and cfticieucy of action in piL>ducing— his—aot found in Lord Macanlay and uaquestionably9^de-of the Delaware Statethe following are the Bombers drawn this dayDELAWARE LOTTERIES. Extra Clots No. 565, Nm. 2T, ISSIt.Witness—FAKNta Buecu, J. R. Valbstike. Subscribed and sworn before me, t*us 17th of Janu-I. T, Sllleck cV Co,t Corner of Fulton aailWiDiam sis., oTer fur pnU; at retail a h^rtre iwwrtrnentof turc-ft I'v M'-ftr;. Ecl»-. C'hamberlin ii with refer-'60. At thisJ. R. Valextixb, Notary Public.one of the jury announced that he hud (rents* Fall and Winter Kurniehinr Goods, consi-iting of ence to itrt piwity;days consecutively;SIDNEY E. MORSE, JR., No. 37 Park-row,CO.."MYFHIiiNnWIIIl'l'LE." ASketch.VAhLi. K 'It LITTLE FOLK.'*." THE NATIONAL VAKSOVIaNNA."SIXTEEN PAGE?. THREE CENTS.pointShaker knit, lambswcil. eiU:. mtrino and cashmere Ud-contributors and correspondents, in all the principalt'nc efte-cl o_f .ve_ast in dlhtcnding d->n^, and thereby ren_- other edition of nls miscellaneous:Mother, 1 wantmyespeciallyAifeqaalled.addi-ionRTCB CAKPKTINa. themselves the fate of Hinss. Tlie other citlzeas of know ledge, pregnant with said Harriet Coming Burch, 6K0TBR & BAK£R'8 CKLEBRATED N0ISEL.K8B SMrtH ALOUNSBERY,epiiode.loie the company arrived, and thus probaolv savedpicture complete In itself.The distlDguished reputation of the editress.wboHmonths prior to the time of said act of adultery. I «oinpanx of s4ai>geia parading their streets, but no furthsr swear that said David Stuart committed actsan MEDALLIONS.VELVETS,TAPESTRY,BRUSSELS, ishPersonalLibertyBiil4.ral Hours" a few yieara ago was so eminently is a popular,warrant of tbe literary character of tbe work while th*^ ;artistic accompaniments, as regards illastrati'>n3. pa- per, printlrg and binding, render it preeminently unique and attractive, and adeserred monument te lk» genius of tbe author,harm was doii them or their property. A very strictd&dpline setMiCd to prevail against any molestation ,-oftilingsnotVmuown. Oneyoungman,namedBe- 80B, was founUn possession of a spur in the evening,of adulteiy by having illicit connection with me atvaiious times think seven times; all of whicti acts ;THREB-PLY AND INGRAIN CARPETS. KNflLISH AND AMERICAN OIL-CLOTHS, Ao., kg.BeststylesEnglishVELVETS,$125to$163peryar<."Being tbe leading article lo thethat lia was 4M>ewn to not have in thefor tikis hia 'gun was taken from Idm anJ he was number of improper letters between DaviLet all Business Men read it without fall- CltyJ and Mpoaa waa summarily commanded to sur-children, I make the following statement:Tbe best nanufactnred, Warerooma,No. 606,«ommpaced his tirade >yf oaths, when he was instant- ly shot in the neck and fed dead.I seldom taw Stuart. He called two or three times after my brother's death in February, 1858, but there wasnofurthercriminalintercourset>etweenus. HeAddress .lll;jliCA V. BKiliUK, M. D., Kesident Phy-pician, Graefenberg Institute, No. 4 BOND-ST., NKw- BRKAD, YORK..tiand who had preceded him. He was impUcated par-next.Please order apaper, which wlUtouchedthagiaund.HewasbnitaUyklUed,withoutthewell-knownhonseofHARSHitNo. ^^^--~iunntdferaUeiramaUaceCtItmsTb« THENBW.YOSKOBSERYBR^inhallcalf,orhalftintedmorning,aadCHAPPED HANDS, FACE, I.IP8> &c. CERTAIN CUBE AND PREVENTIVE,given rise. "WHOtHALLBK— (Signed) Witness Fashie Bukch,The second paper reads as followsJanhakt 17th, IStO.—In justice to my husband andFrom the render. This he refused to do, and gave vent to a early part of the >ear 1857, 1 bad an acquaintance withof the following persons, aided LeoztabdBaooh, D. D., of New-HavenStuart; saw him occasionally previous to August ia -tissue of profanity and oaths seldom known outside of tlie Fame year—from that time (August) ho was un-Broadway.Cover—Discovery of the Trapper—The Combat—An In-cidenton the Prairie—1 he attack—The Sea-green —Chase Through Hurl-Gate—The Absolution—St. Ber-tlnoed repeating the order to"surrender," whileI resisted him, God in Heaven knows, and for nearlybut it seemed as if I were infatuated, and after so long repelling his advances, I, to my shame, confess that he finally conquered, and on the 14th cay of Oct., *57, 1 ft-U a victim to his damnable se-Since tiuit trme one qf the citifv has I'll 7} itnhading iiTarfenhcr^mr4>-DO NOT DYE TOUR BAIK. MOTTS CHEMICAL POMADE is warranted to re-seribers, with tbe (that money,nard—Dr. Reasono—The Aral>—Wilderness—The Block—Down theIndian—Tbe Wounded Indian—Burial of—The Execution—The Escape—A Ferllona Adventure The Squatter—The Uusiciana—The Reaene—Inttaia Peter—The Polar Sea,Mooaaand declared thatin tilsfiist one who touched a board of Us cabin was a deadCTERINE CATHOI.ICON,which is a certain aure for all female irregularities, weaknesa, tumors, ulce'ation, inDaniiuation, whites,and whiskers toout dyeing. Price 25 and 60 cents per bottle. For saleman. At this, Janiaos violently kicked down thewere performed from the 14th day of October, when they first began, up to and after the blrtli of Harriet, which was on tbe 24th of 1868. I furtherTHE COMMERCIAL CRISIS," CommercialjDepartmentday May.swear that Isaac Burch has been the bearer of quite a"Cooper, whose name is with his country's woven. >'irst in her flics, her pioneer of mind.'^1 Stuartand and I believe his agency between said Stuart and myself has greatly aided saidPOSTMAiTER-GKNESAL?" lu which tbe INDEPENDENT nominates a candidate.IIST or ILLUBTRATIOirS OK BTIIL.FoETEan or J. Fimnou Coopzi, from a Painting trElliot. Engraved by Marshall.ViOMTTE TiTLS—View of Otsego Hall, theResldeno*DrawnThe Search—The Highlandi—The Disputed Prixemyself, surreptitiously sentStuart In causing my scduc;ion and ruin.Some TEARS .\Qn the Foi.i.owi.\a testimony OraufenlwrK Medicines wjis received from highly literaryand religious aiitliOr.tyMy pereonal acquaintance with some of the memtiersof the (Jraefenberp me in ex- Compuny, fully jastiTiespre^^ini; the opinion that tht-iv mctlicincs are worthy of eunhdcLce.forced to leave the company.Some time Wednesday cigbt, a detachment fromUie same company called at the cibin of Lxsteb D. Mooaa, atxrata mile east of tills place, where he was-"baahlng it" with a young man named Scon, former- If from Vermont The party was led by tlie same Capt. JxHsisuii, (formerly called Doctor, of jloundlussayin^ that tht:y iTe.'ient evidence of genu- fnielenaeseusr.e and are (herclt<rc entitled to tbo confidence of rulfian aEsociatluna. For several miuuies they con- ceasing in his determination and attempt to ruin ine. the public. N.BANiiS, i>. D.. of the Methuflist Church.three monthsis,the—Death of;regardingJ. R.Subscribed and sworn to before me, this irth day ofby 8. Stores, Jr., D. D., of Brooklynother writersRev.Valentine. January, 1860. J.R. VitKNTwr. Notarj- Public.;MARY W. BURCH.:Proprietorby all Druggists.door and once more summoued Urn, for the last time, ductive arts. On that day bad criodnal cooncction gans, as wclitas the coiL-^titutionai troubles arising IVom /~<ONC£NTBATED laBATBNswith him. Gbd forgive methis was repeated at dif-them.Price 81 SO fer boltl.. Foa Sis Doilaes Fjv* Bot-to snnender, telling him that he should have a fairitl»lbyajury,ifhesurrendered,andifhewasfoundtnnoeeat, he- ahoold not be tiarmed. Again Mooaa ber of the same year, when this intimacy ceased, and TO IHE ESP or KXPtESR LlNB PPOM Nk»-YOCK.ferent times, by six or seven acts of during adulteryW. A. TOWNSKNS kKa.46 Walker-st., New-To*.QIACAVI.AY'S E88AT8. (RIV^RSIDIEDITION,)the month of November, and until the 24th ot Decem-BF.TOE aaKOfsDictionary;wiltCounty, Indiana, was not in the huuse from that time till after my re- Inftituie. lie may also lie consulted by letter or person-Her was fimneilr from Crawfordwas abaotS jean old, and unmarrted. He came into turn irom the East in September, 1(^59, when he called Kansas in the Sonuner of liST, and iias constantly once or twice, as other gentlemen did. About ther^reii^e patienta at the Gra^fmbtrfrINDEPINDENT for one year, and a Dictionary be- PKINTED FROM INKW STEREOTYPE PLATEft—ally, and he ia persoaaily permitted to refer to iioBACE Geeglet, of tbe New-York Trihimr,Prof. A. P. PiABODy. of Harvard University, Mass, Bev. E, H. CUAPia, D, D.,of New-York.Wheeler & Wilaon's^EWINK JLACHI.NES.WITH IMPORTANT IMPROVEMENTS, AT REDCCKD PRICES.Increased facilities for manufaataringand the cnrtail- mentof litigation expenses consequent upon recentde- .ticDlarly by ids own confession in the hanging of threw me upon the lounge and insisted. I was fright- daions of the United States Conns, jostitles the sale of HvoB Caauir, at Bamesvliie, last July, and of Mr. ened, and told htm 1 could nerer consent to such a Wheeler & Wilson's Manufacturing Company's SewingHAimrAOTvazp bt XDW.CHAIIB£RLINkCO.,Proprietors of Sliawmnt Chemical Works, MO. » UJDLA-ST., BOSTON.aidea, and all for only Six Dollars, make about aa good an inrestment for st> small a sum of money ai the market anywhere affords. The Dictionary will be presented toSMALL PICA TYPE. OKLY COMPLETE EDITION.HAVE HOW KEAST AN ENTIEELT HEW ARS ELSSAHt ESITIMI orLORD MACAtlLAT'SCRITICAL, (^HISTORICAL,AND MISClCLLANEOnS ESSAYS,maintained the diaractorof a servile Southern tool. Be was an tcttre member in wliat lias before been"called theKansas, and was ever ready to become the instru- ment of oppresslan toward the pioneer Free Statelast of October, 1859, during my husband's absence atBurlington, where he had gone for three days, ho "SHELDON kDark Lantern" Organization in Southernnightsaid:world." He urged it, and I refused. He then insisted upon igain accomplishing his hellish purpose, which I utterly refused to allow, but witnout any effect, for hewillscribers and Six Dollars before the first of Januaryingly proclaimed that iie put the rope around HcohCiBUB's neck. This Casus, it will he remembered, I would allow him to visit me thatwas first beaten ontii he was insensible, and then then when all is quiet, leave the shutter open in your hung by tbe neck in such a position that his knees room, come down to the front door, which you mustnot1.AT,On tinted payar, cloth WnMa»«ven an oppoatonlty for trial, although he begged for went to bed. Stuart did not anv other thenlorNew-York, devotes special attention to the snrgiaal ed, thus obriatine all difficulty of procuring jeast orA RELIOIOUS AirO SECULAE PAMILTIs the largest newspaper in the world.night, one, and said he was willing to be hung if tbey could visit me. I ihould think about the 29th of November,adaptation of his Radical Care Truss to all cases of rui^Aother ferment whkh is of an inferior fre<iuentlyPAPER,The wantof Lord Macaulay's miscellaneous writings, containing all the author's later has bee aYourhusbandwillbeawayto- ; I am coming here, after all have retired." INo.IK COKPANTNe,w- Pnbliahera, Nasaaa-st., York.called, and said:all persons who"No, Mr. Stuart, I can n^ver do that in thehoweverbring any proof that he had ever committed a cilme. while ray husband was at a mcetiJig of the Ilistoriciii ment will satisfy pf tients or their ph.vsicians that he isquality,aof complete, elegant and accurate editiona thief, without giving him any means of defence. Itdeath. He himself as not satisfied with any expressecAmerican edition of his works.,akall. ; :son-lo-l3w, J. C, Mayer, No, ta Washinft«B«t. Wednesday aftemooa.aia o'clock.headr- aremade.BhowlDg that in tbla case, as the tree is bent, the twtg liieir energetic use cares rfTiABMATtOff and preventsao..MINAOEBSraiiouiofCooter'aaoTel.This exquitite aeries of engrarlnga, all of irUck ar«engraved in.a style that does eradit to Americaa art. andvbichaiesnperiortoanythingoftbekindItitlnrtooffered In steel llltistration for render "mer, and only returned lo his claim the afterooon of is inclined. RANDOLPH. VEVXlUi. They, in fnrt, enforce »a!ely, but energetically, DELAWAKXi KEKTUCKT, AND UISS0I7IU STATE-thelOUi,whenhewastaken. Hebadnot^veaen- -tered Ua house, but was arrested while he was tying out his horse. He was a single man, aged about tliirty. He had been lonj identUed as one of the " and was ever on theTHEB€RCHDIVORCENapertille, Ti^eSday. Nov. 27.thegreatcurativeprincipleofpargntlon.For sale, price as cents per box, at Peincipal Orrica,L0TTKBIE8, AUTHORIZED BY THE LEOISLA'TJBg.The undersigned Commissioners, appointed by the Governor of the ttate of Delaware to superintend theFtrmerlyEditorofPutnam'MMtnfhiy. "THE HOME OF CHARLOTTECASE* o'clock. Counsel forBRONTE."RiOES most elegant and accepUUehave not pur- talLCd lo tbe Jury. The papers were then read. The ed to examine our »tork liefore parchasing.express- willingness to admit the alleged confessions, and leave llie proof of the manner in which tlicy were ob-Clolhlnirparedbythedajightorofthenovelist.Miss SusanFeni-more Cooper, comprising a large qnantity of entiretyvolumespersonal anecdotes, IncidenU and remloLicencea neverbeforea collection ofgreat American noveliat. The work in thiihas lorg been a favorite idea of Hiss Cooper, who fw year, haa been collecting the materia], andpreparing for its publication. To its agreeable biogra- phical features are added numeronsnovels, illustrating the varied and peculiir beauties of Mr. Cooper's "word plcinres," and which have been selected so as to alTord, in each Instance, an orand of wau will save in Heaven Judge aiiuieu,ALFRED MU.NROE *68. Witness our hands, at WilmingtoB, Del., Nov. 21, 18W.with my soul, according to tbe sutficiency of His grace, and asCO., under St. Nicholas Hotel.Chlami GIaaa>At a great rednctioa for easli.We are determined to sell, aad will make it ao object for those who wish to buy.E. V. HAUGHWOUT CO., Itpublisheddelightful and valuable Memoirs of oureverlasting salvation, or forever in Hell plungeNo. 007 Broadway,(and I farther solemnly swear that the first criminal conversation and act of adultery I ever had or committed with David Stuart was committed on the 14th day of October, 1857. At tte time of saitl act of adultery I was, to my certain;;a'dress suits for boysNov. 1860. 27.;the origin of hiapopular ch.racten manyphysical deformities. r-iifC the diuch Ity uE'n>r Cuncntraled Leuveu thia watto is UTuiilcd. and the g:i8 obiaincd in a manner hung, and be was certainly demed even a mob trial. and sincerely repent me of them. The Charles FradHham Watch. equally cGicnaouB. >'ernientatiun destroys a part ofmammoth pheet is so arranged as to constitute TWO COMPLETE NEWSPAPERS,cbarged, andfor which he would liave been tried by Stuart accomplish his most hellish purpose witliou*.SOLE ACEMb IN NEW-YOI!K.Persons wishing to procure this mo^t relUl.le pocketarticle by parchi-jicK at tiie abore-named au- gejnoruizneed dep6t.whit-faordinarilymakesabout250poundsotbread,girea I'i thisprocCES-LfOpouTi'ls.tJraBCfX'^ciinxaTery important i>:.Tin^'. Uy coaformity to, the directions on each pack-is larger than a majority of its co temporaries. IT IS NOT SECTARIAN IN RELIGION, NOR PAUTISiN IN POLITICS, but designed for a pleasing and instruc- tive companion in every Evangelical Christian Family. It is thoroughly conservative and opposed to all the dis- organizing um« of the day.A'large number of the best writers ^f the age, as speciallogicalorder. ^'ootheredition possesses thesamead- vantage.2. A very full index has been especially prepared.a People's Court iiad he submitted to an arrestif iound guilty would have been hung on the samefree where Caruh died deliberation paiiitlie celebrated Watch, ind-ji'teii the Brit- by;liave readit care-j•D. This edition also '-ontains the text pure:time-piece,ish Admiralty, distinguished by the hrst awards nf the London and'^irTs'ExTOVitro^^^Grand Kuseian Jleual of Honor, can only be .-'ure of abut I pass from the sad afrer much andriiK:e.«s.all the acts I have committed, for 1 do most ImmblyJ^ctD-BtrtKnew and in good;admirable papers to whict the Panic hai!:Mrs.(he snatched the tmbyWiQiant on every pa^e. For uample. an artiote byHORACE ORGELET on,An adn.lralle ' etc>- oT "LtIGHmNT"Ujjlcoliing very n,ildFKOMUurch refuKd to uumlt her,and frieods••perwilte Mrs. Burch; Ihreeavteneiing Burch toMBnicH wept wfdlc tbe wimct.sof her children. all in the CourtFhrcBaloKical KxaBtasfloBi,, WITHCIIAJITSANI»WRTTTEN DESCniPTIOXa OF CHARACTKB. OIVIH PAILY BTnoreu of theorder.Address Mrs. MAbON, Box 101 Timet office.Dr. BRHJOEDictionary atthebookstores,itwillbeseenthatthreecopiesoftheGnun,atthisplace,lastWinter. HehadTaunt- thingagain. MyInfatuationwasgone,but,alas!1 Machines,withimportantimprovements,atgreatlyre- chBermoiacadlofreaslelarch. made itis laoradi- beaddreiaedtooantalBing a new Meet Plate Ltkeaeaa tfMtStw- ea-irt.was in his power. I strove with him and wept bitter-dueed prices. The superiority of these machines for family use, and manufactures in the.-^amc range of par-and ismaterial, attested by tens of thousands urtngkinds, by using light,gestibte aad nutridoaa, has an agreeabto, naBoral taste. IS less liable ta aoar, will ntalB it! BuMace thaaJOSEPH H. RICHARDS, Publisher. No. 6 Bcekman-at.,New-Yorlt.and then told him, in order to have him cease, thatfr».^l«J^jt^x^B»om% oatAvo. FBKanani.ly,fasten. This I promised, from feax. He did not, how- ever, get in. I fastened the door, shut the blinds andpose them.taagarby any ether arssaw.aatltthhaawwftaiotia naparaittioaaltarftinight-Hesaid,Office No. 605 Broadway, New -York.-^.::J^\lthedelicate. Butin BRAITDRETH'S PII.L.1 18 TB» arHEST for them, as well as for the ULCEaATBT), the aii.iovs and the aasDiiATic. Remember, they taLeXiut from the blood the black and vitiated bile out of wldch carcerous and other tomoojaInon steel, are onr linndred and thirty iUutr*- drawtagi byNo. 294 dealers.Cunal-Ht.,No. 4 Unlon-square, andby allBy a Special Coi respondent of the that recently visited it.« ND PICTURES" the Ixmks,for Winter.—All men whochased their Winter overCcoats, Lniiness-coats, &c., and waxit a good article, at moderate price, are recommend-ANDITSREMEDY."Also, bo\ hood,coats ofoteS6,57, 41, 21, 17, 1, 42, SO, 63, 66, 3, 66, 8,Broaairay, comer of Broome-st. >ow Within Reach of Ail.FAMILY SEWING MACHINIES. Price* Eatablisbcd for Seven Years,$40 and upwards.No. 495 Broadway, New-York.'Lenter'a i<ewlnc iUachlne For Hale—Nearly>-Pry quicltlv and appeanhis se.vCity. oDBT HISS BUtAs'j;and 130;of herlime saw her Wednesday in asked me *> he kind toCost $€5. Will b;; sold for $-5. HealthofAmericanWomen.Best stylesEngiisl^APESTRY,80c. to ft per yard.one of the moot:The Editorial Staflfof THE INDEPENDENTconsUUfallings, anil other local derangements of the uterine or-TLX8 WILL«EST BY EZPEB^S. \N0 CIIAE-JES PEE-PAIDtions. TopersonslivingInthecountrythewill be promptly forwarded by/bxpress. When it is con-CO.,Pnbliahera,SadlemI Can of Hernia.—Dr. S. IT. MABSB. etFine white paper, cloth binding timm vwaraMt i» Aot TikhiB teadi, u Mwa. Ia aU Sheep binding..am — ..UNpaperture.complicated.vii'it to their establish-rcndfriur the bren'tmnre or less ni^wholreome.It is \ olualile ae rteardH economy, as a saviD? is effeet-at W. H. Brown's, Stuart Wiis 'hcie, an.l at prepared to treat all casesthat time made advances to me, which I repcUc>l alto- ry with skill aE«i oucccss. Aho. a lurge assort meT.t of uicn process, mu(?h cf the HaccLanue of the fiour ia lostcorrections, longfelt. All the AmTican editions heretofore patiHabed And devoted to religious, literary and secular intelli- have been printed from the earlier iCnxlish edltiona. which were materially changed by Maeautay before luamechanicalthen hung tilm in the night time on the charge of being gether. 1 was i!l at the lime. This is the extc il of silk and Liaie thm<i el;-it!c ftecPricrs tyr varir e^e veins, by bfirf converted into carlwriic acji gas, an.l the wasteand Society,requiringmyis generally lielleved tliat Guraaia was also innocently otherwise, with this vile man. Mav God lorgivc me sory Bandages,and instrumetit^ torsame party, early the same morning, and both to- received Intelligence of the death of ids child, and dershirtti ano I)rRHer<. H;iUlToae. i:c. Al^o a handsome doling iViTt for making breddr This article is akUiuIly countries of the world, are united with a full editorial any iwritings^BANKS OF NEW.TORK. THEIR DEALERS,THE CLEARING-HODSK, ANDTHE PANIC OF IWT. WITH A FINANCIAL CHART.gether were brought up for trial on Thursday, in ttie wished to be excused. After discussion, it was agreed fc-lectionofCsniigan .rackeU and Traveling Shirts of comrounded. fn.m rerlLTtlv rur'- maieri.Ui. It rairte« corps of long experience, to give iutsre^t andvaluo toTHEtown ofThey were bothwith be-Tarious coiprc-Particular attention given to Shirta made to orderfrom meaauie. 8knrefl* 8knr<-H.ALL STYLES.At W.,(. SYJIS;^ uni")..the cou;:h witliont cun-nnilnr the sugar or any otherbreadto excuse him until Thursday, and proceed with the case with eleven jurymen, keeping an abstract of the eviJence for the absentee.The counsel for the defence then commenced the SOH, tmit tliQ^ciLlzens Irom the adjacent country came case.Mapleton.longing to the party tiiat liung Gdtukis on Tagg^irt Mound iast: February. There were now some tifty armed mea ^longing to the company of Capt. Js.i.si-and the iiame weightthe paper.THE RELIGIOUS DEPARTMICNT,chargedinIIdentified the rer^eipt nf.Nos. 443Hnd44£ Broadwty.1656,Barcheler*a Hatr-dye pradocea anatural blacker brownand domestic news, has de- partments of Agriculture, of Science, and of Commerce,the latter embracing fall and accurate reports of theattended him or nine eight& New-York.sworn—Respe^'tully.A. A. HAYES. Stat* Assaver.HOW TO USE IT.EPJIAKFAST AND TEA ROLLS.Three terjpoonfuls of Leaven o one ^uart ofPuolisiiera.New-Y'ork,the package containing the clock to be sent to Buroh, Chi ^ago, dated Feb. 9, 1857.deliverypb-Money, Produce, Cattle,time of going to press.and unneces- Chicago 12 Attended David Stuart at tiie Trc- 2U year*—mont House Oct. 27, 1857;made eight or nine visits;LOAF BRKAD,The same nronortion of LeHveo and flour siftedBVCKWHKAT CAKES. Fknr and n.ilk suhicle^iLto laak*' one quarthe was anxious totold him It was dangerous to do soaa vice, and sent for the opposing lawyer to put off tiiegoout,havinga lawsuit to attendducted from the snm forwarded to as. AddreesCross-exandnation— know the time from the Onlyfbr Cold Weather.—Barflett'a Ilot-AIR FURNACE flndPOBTABl.KnEAT»i:RS are power-ful and economical. Kstimates made lor Wsirming Ri'.d (T.er-KIT' th?n three t04isi>oonfuls of l^eaven boat••entries in my book.Ctmnsel lor complainant objected receivine depo-music.liesides ao immense quantity ana varietycomplainantand No. 97 Fultcn-Bt., rear WilU::m.Hngli-hTheIpouse i:7th of October, ISj'.i ;Lizzie Burch were presentBurch and Stuart as far as the Clifton House, where IPublishers. A. U.IKTHILL k CO.. No. M North Wil-of.Stuart long; can recollect attemled a p'lrty at hisMrs. B'lrch, t'almic iuidof Doui/' S.read. He Lad known Burch one year ; known Da\":Jto his fellow-eufferera tbe means oftion used (free of charge,) with tbe directions for pre-depositionLyf^/,Chicago,City.cure.To all who desire it, he will send a copy of tbe prescrip- liamst.. New-York. whowLlmail sample copies free teIhcre left themTherefore, it i: Boyd's partyof the advertiser in sending the prescription is to benefit the afflicted, and spread information which be conceives to be Invaluable, and he hopes every suf- ferer will try bis remedy, as it wfll coat them nothioK. and may prove a blessing.Partiee wishing the praserlpUcn will please address, BEV.IDWABDA*WILSON,Williamsburgh,The answerof them; HornfAOU was another, and a large por-tion of them were the very men engaged, directly orinclrectly, in the hanging of GuTuatz and Casltn. In-other words, they are Democrats. It is idle mockery Long and Burrili27, at Calvary Church, by Rev. hraccia L Hawks. U. D.. J. P. Stkphehs to Anna Ltvi.xGbroN, eldest. daLigUc;;roi Philip R. Kearny, EtK:.. all of thia City.Olliv—S'^BONBEEO.—!ij Brooklyn, on Mr»nd.ay, Not.cap ac huur. abouL halfhpiceto talk of a remedy by that medium, until a reforma-through-;:and ^:A ouncc= of iutr^r, beaten to a creaia ; the whitMclaimed boarded October, 165731st ; 1 went fromMooTRY-— liuANE.— In this City, en Uoaday, Nov.Zion Church. Madisoi^-av.. by llight liev. i;;;h()p .-^outa-onlyobject;;'<i, at of the late BAiiKzai— rLr.KT.— In this Ci-.y, on Mondar. Njv. >;.IMPOliTANT TOirURCHASEKS DIAMOND^. WATCHES, JEWELRY,;was atMrs. Burch and niece were therewas at Stuart's house during the day there with him and daughter to the party.tratc, ti'EO. n. MuornvC'ha.s. Doane, Eg«,., both of N^w-Vork.The cross examination was mainly directed to te^tare composed almost entirely of the.-!e same the recollection of the witness on past events. Hal by Rev. J. P. Thompson, Mr. Oi.ivkk. lUraii!- to Mi* siJuriesSraklantemltes. Tills Mooaa who was shot was one;Fannie E. Tebrt. all together cupihit I have taken into copart- JIllLlffE KEIN for the establishment of » r, liil l.u-iness in jewelry, watches and fancy giods, IB tt,i store So. 6 FIITH-AVK.NUE HOIBL. under th*conver^eli three or four times with Stuart about tlaC;thenVotlcei-- hprehygivcD n.T-hipMr.case;thinkinJuneorJuly.adtl« ofcurranttt.andHeing at Stuart's house on the night of the meeting of the Historical Society at Mr. H. Hrown's, from early in the evening till eleven o'clock at night, with J. D.Walter Ptcl's was read. depositiondeposo:>be-Kings County,New-York.durlrig the evcnliig except for fiveC. onThursday, Nov. 22, by P^t. Dr. Butler, Cuaklbs M. BJx with ftiilk,the la-daily. A i>ersou Is kidnapped in Iowa, another in Stuart's visit, when he met Mrs. Bumh in the min Uovey, Kj-^., of ScytUud.grapery ;in Mny, 1857dies were engaged incident of. Illinois, aroiher inthey are black, soioeUmesthis the loyalist crie- out. • De iiulet, sub.uit-thls Mrs. Kinney called, the tJoor was not locked should of Wm.THEIR COTTON >-OE THE;sometimeshis face near her» thatter^tiiied that when DIED.Se'^dirertioDfl In eachCraharaDEMANDS ALLfnenorreafJeiryence toI thonehtshe had been doing wrong;firstattend theNov. 38, from her parenf %" re-M<rice. No. UTAtho'i'lockIi(;ktt*i2r.cert-^; for sale at iheoftlceoi ihe Krt^iT.ij; Baker, Wheeler A Wilson, are now selling at $+o.;av.,Li>i;1^-J^*?'' f.i^';to witness related thesaythree tegg<^ hour.of sugar, one ofup> butter,needcJ now iiiaDD)^\jSDo not HYATT.never saw Staart ki.ss Mrs, Burc^. noiHARRINGTON _.„„;;he yielded to,DUCED PRICKS. Agents w.inted. Send for a circuUr.togetiicr a^ al-^tve imjnediateJy ia a slow oven.butter,Kansa., and so onwhite. In view of all Stuart and Mrs. Burch were m the library the day Re*I».—(n tM« City. JiUf^i. <. M. KVI., VOUDKCSt;t-t FTmimk,daughter*C- FivTH-iYExr. HoTEl., Nov. 12, 1S60.churchci,a:c. BARILETT !<$quire dt JjanderAs LESI.EV,-i'MBroadway.to afrothaiic cookquick.ofreading«_^_^^___nothe ill effects of bad dyes removedgcalniagto be read Invigorated for life by u»>iDg thiddye. Factory, No. fel;mynew hemmorf improTementd,all AT RE- &c., complete,and make:Harclay-Bt. £fo1d and privately applied at BA.rCU£L- OK'S Ivig yactory, No. 16 Bond-iit.to the bair;;TUE HOUSEHOLD JOtJRNAI., NOW READY.Contains this Week,White* the Harter* has bow^ aa hand a larsaDuring tl(e proceedings, Capt. Jimnso:? stated in insu^ciency of evidence. The Court reserved de- •tock of Hat*. Gaps and Furs, of the IJV.TKST rASTl- ly stiff rn(i»:gh to permit rolling out. Much kneading The price of the Observer $2 yearcision. lON. WHITE'S DRESS HATS AltE SUPERB. Lar Deposition of Dr, ilcVicker, Practicin-; Physi:inn in diesporcbaflixig Farn should not fall to call firvt at No.new tnib- tcnbera, with one ysar's payment in advance, ($12 50,) we will give the sum of /Ei'e dollars, which may be de-"YOUNG AJIERICA." Lecture by Rev. H. W. Beecheb.Broadway, oppotite.TewelryPte'lingof vix cwpi^lhp whites of Fix tyyt buicn to a froth: then bent all trgeibcr: add three cupa of siiitd fl.mr. onccnpof wuu-r, ami tyii*:e tta*poonfuls of Leaden; t.'.vi v with two tia^poonfalii e; estienoe of leii-cu, an*i t ale in ;i t.uick oven.— dreaddisease.Consumption isansioostomakeknownthe same, which they will find a sureMARRIED. DooLiivT.r.—WAiswRi'mr.—In this City, on Thnrv^iv,Nov.22, ry iJ'.v. Dr. Burcbard, M. J. I»GoLi£r'.i:. '>' tlris Citv, toilrs. KowESA Wain-.vrigut, of Kacine, W'n.CORN CAKB.t?ai-i'*^eriiii!B of Leaven, well sified together; add oneandany address In the country. m Ihe HODSEHOLD JOl'RNAL Is puMi.ihed alsoPartf, handsomely I'ound an<l cut. price TurelveRev. S. M. U»sklns, ai St. Luke's Church, Clin-Stuart never left the room ton-av.. JAnns Hinhy Ollif to K*ve. youuKe^;, fuH «f Leaven, slfied togetherstones and French goods, which I IM-Kan in )H37. and solicit for the new establishment th*minutes this was one of the nights2t;,byiniiK>rterotpreciourtsame public favor that I have enjoyed in Uie old one.dausht4.-rof C. L. Sch On berg, both ot EnpI-iBd. Or.cuoRT—Macet.—In Washinsrtoa City. Itchar^jed C.BK<:oET,of Jerdey City, to Aliok W. AIalkx, of theforbread. dumplingx, Chambor-st.cake,not been asked about it ; after Mr. Burch lett h">me, neral, on Thnr&lay, N. -v. 2<», Ht ll o'c'ockA. >[., a; Die d.-ngliBut*. butter pudding, joniiy cake, gold cak'». Ja-theshe testified!tii 'Hav.— In this City, on Thursd.iv, Xov. 'JC, .fMOUB. only son of .lohn and Catharine liAy,a^ed 1 yenr, lvarietyfabric.nightMrs. Burch's collar or hair rumpled till attention wasa/f.ends of me famUy are respeotNlJyFor Mlc byailthe enuine article. gto fay sheliad gone up stairs; said it on my own ac-month aad 23 days.His remainp w».Te tiiken fo nr.-enwoo<l for in'^rm'^ut. ItoAtTTTLB.—In Brooklyn, on Mondav. Sqv. M, ofTLi; nnsT, last and only chanci:. JION.CBA&LES SUMNEKHARKINGTOK'S;proper h-'.d not^and Mrs. Burch in the noticed noltdng im- should not have thought of such a thing it I1countlibrary afier Turner's deathMAMMOTH COTTOl* BATTI.NG and BED COMFORTABLES.recollect seeing Stuart ;ington Parade-grooad. December^ATENT CARPET UNIMG, Pbeen askedwas- askedbyMrs.diphthrria,The relatives the family are reppectfu'llyCooperFKIPAY EVENING, No\. ":*.t40ht'iir.l her "you me!'*she crie.l for two hours I went to ;TUE FK>ItAhel.»i£xills to which tr;Tnnmas Burrh never saw Mrs. Burch when ;aad friends ofdoor.H ope-n at Pr.-'. Br'jDt;!no"H. No. t;3C Broadway;Christian Aswx-iution, No. !<17 Lih: T.itrary. Astor-plact.'.Agent for the New-York Carpet Lining Company. -^lons,observauon from her room tliat the boy«Is deaaand an occasion.il recours'j to stimu- subjected,lants. It Is Important, however, that tlie^'^ '*''*^ , ^ .2; "-lieard heard her sav she diodn't*'"'desiredi£^APP.H_.InKsAPi', intlieSTSutehsydeayr.cf lu.sa-'J.T',.suddenly, oalnliDsey. nocfws^oipIaopn-e-v-s-.t.inding, wa« ''"'"^d ^>V^' " ^ liTing are almost magical. It re?toreH th-^ t'»ne of the aiges-;aharmless nature, at the and,st«rea and private dwdUaas, a* BETAIL.I'.'"..;u. ircuhleiieard Airs. UiircliFurniUB was lliMC Taefii)-; could hear iieriu tlieP. M. Bruol-lyn, -L.." by WELLS Ion Sunday, Nov. 2Ci, Sarau wli-jro. I.V C^>.. BAKNESA: PArtK,andevery-i •<prietors feel flattered from the factth^t many of tneme to be kind to the hibynan!?htv, and had to po an;iv; cannot give thewhich they have frequently tested and a. knoHleo.ea. iiH:cry very hardwull.-;Oh, don't fa- andsimilarexpres-!;i..\:'. m'. she•anruny prepared, and will not stain or injure the sUo.or moustache to on ^«sieepFriends of the family ar* reon-'stM to attend her fu-invited toTuner,i!, this dav, (Wednesday,) I.ar.iyc[t'j-;RapidA.ai-U S. M lli-ad.ca'^e, ppongejumbles,e!ect-onNEW-fHOTEL-KEEPERS ^ UPHOLSTERERSrelatives and frInvited toattend hismntrdl, on ThurKlnv afteraoon, ;it I>i o'clock, from hie lat« rt»;deuce. ^ilst-r.. near 31 av.in forthelast!»-Nov. 27,,Haknah Slants, widow ofto turn any oneW^edVu*eaTd'sP}e')^a'ftuelrlvnoIonv,itNeodv.to2S.auaten2do'hcelorckf,unaecrhaelr,iacontiibuted by,^ "•fOWl^a A WKLI.3. No. 'Mi Broadiray, New.Tork,ChaaKm of Wenthcraro very Try-Hohiting Machine, for hoistingAnCooper', late reaideneefrom a painting forrmoat of onrand a portrait ofMr. Cooper,the ekin orperft<^tlyIn additionto theforeigninjuty the hairWiluavttiVr. and everyof pastry.the principal grocers and dmgghite.GEO H. BATES, Wholesale Agent,No. If9 Pearl-st.,New-York-Sold Uiat yoa getbydruggists;IITSEFllI- *-'OKK CARPET I,n«INO COMFANT.|i;Norwich. ConnElKjjs^ln Jersey City, rn Tlsesday norning,fce'lles th->qpaperspleasecopy.ISOD'S residence. No, M Erie st., without farther notiee.BAYARD TAYLOR.KHICK80?«>R t'AI.OHIC From 8 to 48 inches diameterOfcylinder,forsile, Aithe Agency, No. 1(4 Duane-st.SKin) FOR A PAMPHLBT.:VIRION,"43, 65, 12, 3, 34.GEORGE C. GOitDON, JOSKI-a SEAL, J/IME« DUNCAN.Circulars, containing schemes for the maatiu will tie mailed free of ctiarge by sending toWOOD, EDDY & CO,,matter.embracing the history of the causes Ibat Cooper's more importantNo. 456 Broadway, near Grand-st. FALL IMPORTATIONS OF CBOICB STYLES"Ru-& Co.'sas directed will keep the skin soft in tbe coldest weather.Only 2G cents. Sent by mail for 30 cents. HECEMAN A CO., Chemists and Druggists,Hfgenan'sCamphorIce withGlycerine, I uNos.611 and 766Broadway.;of Mr.Rev. Ricsard Cooper.by Hows, Engraved by Hlnshet-161. 399,wood.TEAALL KINDS OF PASTRY. Ao..sidered that the of the priceCONCENTRATED LEAVENis the result »f oareAtlMacanlay.And ByK.P.WHIFFLE,Es<i.,afBaeton. .wni saaA not axcaoa Ma a^natea. ttlr»otpariateMe,u4kaTaiUM« in plaeM and atFOR SALE BY NEWS AG«NT3.iCO., 'i Tesey-at., cRmate«« tandi Adopt-Turkey,THE ADVANTAGES OF THIS EDITION.Such were the crimes with which Mooaa was I should "have added above that at no time did TIFrA.NT k CO., NO. :r,0 BliOADWAT, the Hour or meal ; t ^a^^al of flour, weighing 196 pounds, The one religious and the ether secular, each of which 1. Tlie Essays have been arranged in exact chrono-and the uimo>t resistance on my pa.rt. In every instance1was forced to it.1 have written the above with my own free will,age, hd.v person iMptbleo) attention ordijiarymay con-beIn tbis respectitis superior to the English editions, and;ofUacautay*. F*'s:iya. The exact punctuatiou, orthography, &c., ofdutt tliehighly saLiilaitory.invariablyunlike ofbtrwholly any Aojerican edition.and the retjult willI have analyzed the Ctmcentrated l^eaven manufl&e-V.CAKES.is of itself 60 $6KNOINBS,principle in the flour, jicrfeotlyi.f flour will TiroduGt more 8*eet, palat&ble thancan bcobiained throush the aid oi yeas^ : wLUe f>r cakesand iiastiy it i:: Invaluable, as it saves all risk andmuirntimeofthepaltrycook. Theexperimeatamade tainx'a ofthemostimportantmovementsofBesides its editorial articles and correspondence, con- me vx-utrm the statemerts of the summaryBYJ.S.GIBBONS.TIIIBTY ILLl STRATIONS, UT BEEElOE. 1 vnl., lamo. i:ioth. $1 5t).D. Ai'fLETO.V S COmanufarturers,No. JOO Uroadway. and prove tbis compound worthy of public approval all Christiancold milk or water, (milkisbare-preferable.) is SOainadvanse.avoided. Cut into desired form, andTo us the names of every person sending Jiveumit th<jthe pa)>te thick rnon'rh t't kcead into i^ loaf, aad bake.SPONGE C.\KK.Two rups of whi-e pu;;ar, frtoateo with the yelks fered several years with a severe lung afl^tlon, and thatgill i[ m'd»?seH and two eggH aiicl bakeicabWwoven.;mix them with milk,InrIdre enfsof fLAPIFS" CAKE.Thrf^-<iFartersbf v oi floor and four teaspoon- pound! !..of ficnr, threeFire caps teaspooofaliHouse InTHE SOUTH WILL NOT'i' ^Jawysdaynot have noticed Mrs. Burch's face bein^i red if had The relatives a-dfr:fnde are invited to aMend the fu- ringer bretd, hard sugar ginger bread, silver cake, tpotfl. paint.-. &€•. *«-. »i»^ ^o' cleaning gloves, sHk^ HOfSEKEKPEBS KKQLIBE CARPKTput;package Boston brown br«yid.makincAND CO S BeniineBCONOMICAL.-HKGEMANh for the; instant removal of greaseWill deliver bis celebratM Ixrcmr'- On L ifAYETTE.An Institui.-.'one pound of sugarAre lOr sale al tbe Offices of the Tim^s, TrU)itne, World and Svn. These ticketo are tbe generou.? coDtribations ofofme of milk, and twoPrOvur'*ticketsinadvance,andgoearly THcEonPstBitCutCioLnIF'*Pr. Smith. 1 atlverti»e your MAGNETIC rvervwhcru. wiLheut mu^h cost,same HOSTETTER'S Celcbrat*-Gen. O.Valentine The friends of the family :fre rf..p*'ctf»illv requ"st<.d to i.dvurti-'ement.-'-H. C. Pui. No.. r,29 (No.mmJe2r2ce-st,, atinvde organst,hiantfnsesfresh vitalityhe lemperamdut*^w^mSc.n'; Itlain HOMWISTTOACJBIKtAtKBOEW.-Use my bOenfgorueitheat MAiicH.—Tn Brooklyn,Friday,,'_•Untitled Document9.\LVE and more effectual thanAow andMRS. HARRIETBeingoffeet to Thurlow Weed's proposition to abol-I»nperb Tolame ha.b<;en a long ttae In nr—Iorigin Poem hyTbi» reaUTstation, «Dd In it. nnmeroua cottlyToJ.ed an »p«iue of OT«r TILNLAES. It contain. Forty Steel lUmiratioo. in .u »l!f wUcli are from remarluible dra.ingsby F. o. c. Uuler llluatratiTe of eliaracten AA Menes in therenovned antiier; ten LandM^Ape and Marinepainter, of Fhlladelphla. painted and eograred ezpreMV for tllia Tolnme ; a beautifolly-execated VigoeUe Title- page on Steel, oontsinlng a Tier of Otaego Hall, lb.A "CH/iRLKVfAGNE ANJ> THE HERMIT,"Legend of the Danul>c,REV.A useful article (if the reader will heed it)otherwiar qaotatioi^ from tbeTaoM?BON, D. D.. of New-YorkThe price of THE INDEPENDENT Is Two Dollars a Bristol Tradei—The Struggle—Death of Sclplo—TheRev. Joshua D. D., of Brooklyn ; and Theodorx Tiltoit, Esq.Wreck of the Arvl—Tom ColBn—The Retreat—The cue—Waylaid Travelers—The Prisoners—Red Rover as4Lsavitt,year—and the paper is worth a dozen timei tbe money but if any person will send tbe names of three new sub-hia trouble, a handsome copy ofWEBSTER'S UNABRIDGED DICTIONABY,Pictorial Edition, containing l,&00 engraved illustra-Ren-Six Dollars for Three Subscriptions,) he will receive, as a reward forPUBLISHED WEEKLY, gence ot" every variety.It«^;send the names of three new sub-;LaAy Tlie ProponU-In tteof thebe sent gratuitously to any address. All letters should With an Introduction and Biographical Sketch oL Lai*specimen copyTO CONSUMPTIVES.The advertiser, having been restored tD health In a uiaLLer of an instructive and entertaining character.TO AID 30^000 STARTING AMERICANS 4.0M HUSBUM TICKSTSlirui of BISHOP *UE1N. ,I cortinue alone at .So. 23 Maiden-lane th« business ofSesTHERE IS BOOM FOR A FEW MORE 1 V pupils in the classes now forming for the French and German languages, at the Woman's Library, In the University Building, University-place, opposite Wash- The classes will commence inend.the in the .ouuiry- My wife, whose ters is the very article. Iti eff-ots in .iH ca.-io-4 of debilityaiARthIeTvaIriBouSsOin Lniou nave most prondnent medical ifentlemen T"'^^tfufiyprabestowed encomiums tlie Bitters, the virtuw ofupon „^ bthe beardim six weeks.I send it growby mail, nosta^*;fir^t-^T^f«, j,FortyDarley, FarnS* k—:eipreulyportrait painters,Elliott,andstyle whicli all connoiiaean declare Iiaa nerer been ex-;volucinAaerteaa eagraTlDg.celled,to thesetione on wood, seven of wlilch an tioaiJohn A Rows, alfocdlBg Tiewa in and abont Coopera- town, iDclndidg looaliUes rendered iawhich, combined, render the partietUarNo. 68 Rue de la Vorrcrie.RapidstlM Hetty Huttar —ceontry.K*. ut SoMaii-Dt,, Ke«-tw*>fa Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 