 idi1• 1iIi •nearly every day b the week, and on Sundays in par-contains a n ample store of all kinds o f potablee, andrespectable members o f the Board—that this politicalI?TheWardensfoundthatthenewly-electedGovernorsJandtheinferenceisobvious. Isitnot.fairtoofMeatorthemenwhokeephiminoffice? '—Aprivateletterfromadistinguishedgentlemaniniuneiealceremonyinhonorofthedeceased."LikevitinganypersonwhochosetoaddreMJlth It would be thought very improbable that in a penal4•sVtbey have rolled under the table to sleep off their de- bauch. Itisbyno meansan uncommonoccurrenceand they walk down to the water and enter the boats for example, tho reefnstruction of the Island Hospital. for Blackwtll's Island. Theboats are mannedby ASuperintendentofthe masonrywasappointed at$CTheSpenerGazette de-\L•s'•• •B remark, as they frequently have done to the Wardens,nponwitnessingtuchscenes, "Mr. ,itspretty h a r d t h a t I s h o u l d b e s e n t u p h e r e f o r s i x m o n t h s f o rotherboatgainsahead,the Governorsshout,"Bravo, buildinghasbeen roofedforfourmonths,yettheSu- Reading,thecapitalof"OldBerks,"whichwasthe Work-House," " Go it Penitentiary," " Bally, Alms- perintendent of the masonry, who is a friend of one of Pennsylvania fortress of the Slave Democracy. House,"and cheer their menaloDg,rewarding them theGovernors,isstillretained andpaid,althoughhe —In Hackensack, N.J.,acampaignclubhasbeen a*, t h e e n d o f t h e p u l l w i t h m o r e w h i * k y . T h e c u s t o m hHfi n o t h i n g w h a t e v e r t o d o . I n e r e c t i n g s c a f f o l d i n g , o r g a n i z e d , c a l l e d " T h e B e r g e n C o u n t y O p p o a i t i o nwhichhedesirestoconceal,buthedeclaresithiain- dreseeB of a green color, they being dyed with Schvewi- ter; tion to test tho power of the benate. He can *an*erfurt's green, which is arseniate of copper, and a dead- t»s lorg as they can inflict punishment. It ha* resolvea lypoison. itselfintoaquestionofendorance.S»equal numbers from the two great political parties, and the body was so constituted toat upon their withdrawal, their places were to be filled by others of the same po- litical preferences, elected b y t h e people, s o that neither party should preponderate, nor usurp the con- trol. Tne Jaw gave the Board the appointment of Wardens, and tbe*e positions wera distributed equally betweenthe twoparties. Butitwas alsowiselyor- dained that the Wardens should eelect and appoint all their subordinates, save the Clerk of each ios notion, who kept the accounts of the supplies furnished andguilty keepers being retained i n place, t o continue their mkconduct if they chose, the only punishment imposed being a fine o f $25, toward paying the out- door nurses to whem the infants were confided.The downfall o f t h e rapidlj-declining Department was consummated b y a combination between a Ger- man Republican, t w o Americans, a n d three Demo- cratic members of the Board, about\a year, ago, to override ihe organic law, and turn out of office (that is, to degrade, in the hope that they would resign) severar- of the Wardens, who had the manhood to resist thetiary is prolonged far into the night, and the paupers and prisoners in their cells hears the oaths and shouts, and boisterous mirth long after the hour of retiring. After that comes a midnight sail around tbe islands o r a Btretch to High Bridge and back-by moonlight. H o w conducive to discipline and good order in the institu- tions such proceedings are may be imagined.Tbe children on Randall's Ialand have been brought to the city, at the bidding of Governors, and paraded with flying banners and to the music o f fife and drum, at ail houw of the night, for the benefit of fire com-ofmen,eatenupinthtir cellsbyrats, ordyingof sheer neglect, testify; let the statements of sick people, sent from the prisons to die on the way to Btackwell'a Wand, o r Bellevue Hospital, tell! k man who had his spine broken was some time ago laid on the floor o f the prison van, and in company with twenty-four pris- oners sent from the Tombs and jolted oft* all the way to Blackwell's Island.The appropriation which this Board asks for the year 1860,is$639,150,and$107,049for buildings making a total of $766,199 for the expenses of theallhopesforthethirdpartymovementinNew-Jersey, and says i t i s absurd for the Democrats to base any hopes upon it. " AB matters stand a t present, the only efficient live party we sball have to fight here is the Black Republican organization, and to this conclusion it hvas well to arrive first as last."—Summing tip the prospects of the coming Connecti-cut e'ection, The Norwich Courier, a judicious Repub-lican journal, observes: "FromallquartersoftheStatewehearoftheextradiligence of Republ{cans in preparing for the contest—Miss Corbin of Virginia h a s married the Marquis de Montmort, a wealthy noble of Normandy.—Three hundred women of the town o f Aylesbury, England, have forwarded a petition to the House of Lords against the legalization of marriage with a de- ceased wife's sister, on the ground that such marriages are calculated to destroy the freedom o f family inter- course. On the other hand, 428 have signed a petition infavorofthemeasure.—Soulouque is economical for a n ex-Emperor. H e has changed his lodgings to save $3 per month, and his wife does the family washing.—Tbe friends of the Rev T. Starr King, in bis So- ciety, have su> scribed $2,000, t o be presented to him on his departure f o r California, a s a token of their friendship and regard.—A New-York correspondent o f The Charleston Courier payB: "Moeea H . Grinnell, a leading part- ner, for a number of years, i n the house o f Grinneni Minturn <fc Co., wiU soon withdraw from the concern, and return with his kmily to Europe, to spend con- siderable time. Mr. GrinnoH has sold his splendid resi-/•tions, but many of them pocket and carry off cigars by with pride to the generous manner in which the city the bunch, and brandy by the bottle, rtese officers con-servedtobe.We think we have chown enough of the doings of tbe Governors of the Alms-House to.satisfy the public that a leibini in the management of the Department is imperativelydemanded. Fromahigh-toned,charita- bleCommission,ithasdegenerated,intoamiserable partisanmachine,usedbythemembersforthebasest and most profligate j urposes. We do not charge thathavelatelybeendischarged6f>men,ofwhom-56are So,withoutmuchspeculation,wemayanticipateliv- riedtheconvictionthatthewasnotaskingmoretitanRepublicans,8Democratsand 2Americans. Manyof ing,perhapp, toseethegreat house ofDickensas policyaswellasjusticedemandedshouldbeconceded.When she claimed that her voice should be heard on thcte were contractors, and among his very oldest and famous in commerce as it is i n literature. Doubtless .__ „ „m•business inteieste, an out-and-out Administration Dem- upper room; lemons aid highland whisky wore sentboru about 1786. He married, in 1834,Emily Frances, only daughter of the late Sir Charles William Taylor, Bart., M P., of Hollycombe, Sussex, by whom be has issue three daughters and alsotwo eons, Henry Charles, born in 1836, and Wilfrid, born in 1842. Lord Brougham's other brothers were James, eome time M. P . in the unreformed House of Commons for Tre- gony and WincbiUea, and M. P . for Kendal in the first reformed Pari-iamcnt, whodiedin December, 1833; Peter, an officer in the army, who was killed in a duel by the late Mr. Campbell of Shawfield, in 1801,- and John, who died in 1829. Lord Brougham's only sister died at an advanced age in 1857 or early in 1858.—TheWashingtoncorrespondentofTheBoston Traveller writes that the case of Hyatt is exciting muoh attention. Senators and members of the Houseare among his numerous visitors. The jailor has 10- laxsd t i e rules, which ate vigorously enforced against the other prisoners, whether rich or poor, which are, thattheyshallreceivenovisitorsexceptmembersof their immediate family and their physician. Mr. Hy- att's room is quite large, with a high ceiling, a very'' largo window grated with iron bars, from which all view of the city is excladod by heavy wooden blinds, whioh can nei*her be opened nor removed. Whmtmc* H. was placed in the room, it was bare >f all furuitjre. Government has supplied him with nothing. T » «%•-Republican. Amongthefirsttenwerethreeorfour cameintopossessionofawhitelinentable-cloth, Vice Presidents of the Republican Club. But two o r•••join their employer-, those who keep them i n place,voices be heard, and their votes bo made to tell, against such a shameless crew. It is asserted that some of the Governors actually lax the Department with the car-for;, a Scotch punch was brewed, and over the table- cloth, hallowed by its associatiens with the peasant bard, tbe memory of Burns was drank by all, and Auld•—•••••Thus systematized and compacted,Hue Department'gave tie Wardens the appointment of their subordi-nate*. Thiswasnotdoneopenly,hutwaseffectedinplaced upon these rumo:8; but take them in connec- tionwiththefactthattheGovernorsrarelydine togetherattheinstitutionswithoutopenlychargingweather, me:it has been eent there in a atinki -g state. The food of the aged people in the Alms-House is also complainedofas.innutricionsandoften uneatable.liably assured, b e liberally provided them with an out-and fervently prays that the colored people of the fit,andpreparedthemfortheconditionoffreedom.wholeWeetIndieswilluniteinmakingthetributeofthe subject of extending the ' elective franchise women. Itgaveonesomeidea,ofhotrLegisUt^ hallswillappearaftertheboonshallbeconeedev-rf-»i>—"»* -»w»TMir!r»-'"W.«|>y,".'«n<''l»"—"•»-•»."*'',yr.;--yearsoftrial,baabeenfoundwoefullywanting. Ori- ginatinginthenecessitywhichexistedfortherenova- tionandreionnoftheold;imperfect,andcorruptsys- tem under which we *are told "licentiousness, diaor-ment,theyweretoboardthemselves. Thekeepersia"theetheriDstitutiouearetaxed$12amonthfor declaresibatslavesshallbetaxedaspersons,andone"der,and filth reacheda disgraceful hight,"it was—Thereisoneversionofthescuffle inthe Hallofhe Capitol, yesterday,' says The Atlas and Argu*,. 31me. de Pompadour's first husband.view, tengentlemen, among the foremost iu themands. Neglect of duty, insolence, and insubordi-Baving eaten, drank, and pocketed as much as they please, the company again take the boats for Ran- dall'sIsland;andraceandshoutallthewaythere.At the Nursery the boys are brought out and put throughIooctainic-'g the deb;:! ;*I*;-S'-;,^.:-•-;:• r *S8 fcS*.r-J» .- ' ' '••••. ..I•I* • * • « ' • •TRIBUNE;ranksofphilanthropyintbecity,werecreatedaBoard nation,consequently,characterizedtheconductofthe••FRIDA Y ,I860.menliquor,althoughoneofthestrictestrulesofthese quarry,and,takingeomestripedstone-hewerbythe institutionsistherigidexclusionoiallspirituousbev-fffijUIS-HODSEDBPAKTMMT iritb visitors, nave often been known to step into thei_ L - ^ i— hand,pubKcryrecogntohim ae a frisndandpolitical eragesfrorn^tbeinmates. Howcanitbeexpectedthatfrom eaeh township in the county. rxop'e meant whom h e had beard use profaneba* /I gau-ner and Hale, ; ,otherinacheapfont Resolutionswere adopted condemning the present linage,heproroptysaid that he didn'tknow; wbj*& One good has aenmy,conversingandjokingwithhimaaaneq^J, thesepeoplewillrespectthelawswhichthemenset WhatitWasand'WhatitIs, Iandcommendinghimas•«ad—dgoodfellow"in the overthemarethefirsttoviolate?in-lawtothatposition,inthefaceofthefactthat there are lots of sailors on Blackweli'aIalandwhowould dotheworkaswellas FederalAdministration,opposingtheextensionof wasundonb'edlytrue.incarceration. A old,dirty,raggedHD imprisoned six mont into I r s service a? i was inquired into, at negro, rrom the riei? he nas come to tbir>/< being ignorant of tht than fen days wifhof sion of tbe Mayor, being unable to give was sent to jail, wh« to hhneelf of 3-1 ecu if unable to pay tiiei no person as a slave would be sold to de theseftcte,Mr.TIyt takehimintobisf-*r him was true, he wr month- MrH.h** patch a trusty per*< nesseetothenegro'* copies of bis free na file with the C!e*-k obtained, nothing fttK-fore-mentioned Jh liberty. The money hisownpocket.It |20O.—WsehiDgton'escj ChapelatMariett'i.<•of his birthday "on th bytheherooftheR for American Indepe offamilydeseend^ut—Capt.Jaokina,< recentlyinPariswit particularcourteejb apaeeetgerontheC—Not a day p&E^ei erick,inthe**Ix>re Francisco, ia strewn—Zadock Piatt i Francisco to St. L o time for more than I 19 days with 150 re mules to the team, £ wonderful feat for a There was a conouc teeth. Insomepla< and then drove fort—Mr. Green rcpo of the Late Senator 1 which was passed.-The Albany Staihis mileage is anotiic of the late Senator meniber of the U . President pro lem. o ballots,a chequedn of Senator Linn fcr ballot-box. I t w i, smiling at hia for^e ballot, whi& he -h<v—A correaponden from Chicago, uncle*^". h—Mr. John Monroe, of the firm of Messrs. John Monroe cc Co., the well-known American bankers of constructionoftheHospitalistobeoarriedouttothe Asuitableroomhasbeenprovided,andmeetingsar- theRu*delaPaix,haspurchasedasplendidmansionm••presence of Warden, guests, and prisoners. Such be- havior, it must be obvious, cannot &ii to prove de- structive to the discipline which ought to be maintained among the inmates o f a penitentiary. With-the fe- male prisoners the Governors are equally free, and inThe visitors are shown over BlaokAveTs Islan*, through the Alms-House, Work House, Lunatic Asy- lum. Penitentiary, and Hospital. I f they are of pruri- ent tastes, although they do not belong to the medical profession, they may, if they choose, step into thehe,andthusreturnsomethingtothecountyfor.the cost of their trial,and maintenance during confinement; and they still retain bim at the same salary, although for four or five months there has been nothing what- ever for him to do, and from the beginning only work for a few weeks at the outside. ,—MargaretDillon,anI.ishdomestic,waslookingat the Pemberton mill when \'>felL She was so com- pletely paralyzed, that from that momsnt she lost tin powf r of speech, and though she has attended to htc work regularly since, she has not uttered a word iTbe InstitLtLns 1 urned Into Dram Shops. their maudKn moods eome o f them converse with the theater of the Hospital, and the young physicians, whoThe lavish expenditure which h a s attended t h e Union.•SEHSU;LITKSOF1HEKEEPERS.SITUATIONS BOTJOHT AND SOLD.Brave Charges against the Governors,women ina strain of revolting indeceney. At havebeenleftinchargebythedissipatedchief,willthis lax oecipline and familiarity between prisoners and Governors m a y ^.imagined. A short time ago thelawwasamended,soastoalsorequirethesigna- ture of the committing magistrate to the discharge; butitisnodifficultmatterforanyGovernortoobtain lhi8forthosewhomhewouldbefriand. Forawhile iheWardensfoughtagainstthialicense,hut,asitdid nogood,theyyieldedtocircumstances^When th e Wardens lost control over their sub- intended to make i t a model institution. With this ordinates, they had i o meansof enforcing their com-and custom of the Board, which prevail in all theother Institutions, the keepers o n Randall's Island,fourorfiveinnumber,boardattheexpenseoftheDepartment, although by the terms of their appoint-•* fiRIOT, RUM AND ROBBERY. TheAlmsHouseDepartmentofthiacity,aftertenWarden's house, where the high revels are held. T h e floor is covered with tesselated pavement, t h e walls andceilingarefrescoedwithallthecolorsoftherain- bow, and the interior is lighted by a large stained- glasswindow. ThisandtheWarden'sresidencemusthavecostsomethinglike$50,000,althoughitwouldbe verydifficult,fromtheofficialreports,todetermine howmuchwasactuallyexpendeduponthebuilding and its decoration;nomination of Pierce at Charleston. spector, is about totake up his abode in Dakota, Iowa —One of the main issues in question in North Caro- In company with Lis youngest son, he will publish a'4their dinner parties it wa* usual for the female prison- erstogointothepresenceoftheGovernorsandplead for their liberty. A t such times, although the War- densmightremonstrate,andremindtheGovernors thatthtrewomenhadbeencommitteda.dozentimes during the quarter, and released by them only a few daysbefore,itdidnogood. '*Makeouttheirdischarge,summon some of the unfortunate women senLtherefortreatment,andsubjectthemtothoshameofanexamination, in the presence of the company. At least, ders are oompetent, capable men, with good secur>thiswasthecasenotlongago,andnotGovernors tiestohindtheminthefaithfulperformanceoftheir byanewlaw,attherateof$6perdayfortbefirst zealousandintelligentnomologistsofOhio,andfor alone,buttherelativesofGovernorstooktheirfriends contract. YetsixmembersoftheBoardhavecom- month,andafterthatagrosssumof$600,whetherthe hisexemplaryworthinprivatelife,diedatCinchv thither to gratify a depraved curiosity. bined and pledged themeelves to vote for the $20,000 session is long or short. nati on the 13th of last month. His loss will be se*1 iWwiMd'l^''*^pfjdismist ed to make room for another Harlem man, w h o -pebbe,framedsuchasystemofchecksandbalancesBoard,intheirintercoursewiththemaleconvictstheyincludingtheschool,thenmoreliquorandcigars,andfromtheislandbefore,tobeputinhisplace.Someo' ignalfromtheparties,the"injured"manpitchedin«f Ahne-Hoose Governors. These gentieme x, honestly keeptis toward their superior officers; a n d , takingandearnestlydesiringtodischargetheirdutiestothe heircuefromthemaniieisoftheirpatronsinthetheirevolutions,afewofthebuildingsarevisited,—M.GuizothasgonetoNimes;hiseldestsonia abouttobomarriedthere;itisthenativecityofthe Guizot family.aewaewellcalculatedtoconsummatetheirwishes, becameJamiliar,andwiththefemaleprisonersshame- thenreturn. Bythistime,asmightbesupposed,the and establish the Department upon a practical, non- fully profligate- I n a number o f instances, children, Governors and their guests are not far from intoxica- partisanbasis,atoncesafe,economical,and effectual theoffspringofthiscriminalintercourse,weretaken tion.The members of the Board were themselves selected in by the Governors and 'placed at nurse in the city, the It often happens that the feasting at the Peniten-thematronsarequiteasinsolentaridindependentasthe withhisfists.TheMemberbadbeentoldthatthiskeepers, relying upon the friendship o f their favorite would be the consequence of a wrong vote. This ia a GovernorstokeepthemsecurefromremovalHo^v newphaseinlobbytacticsandwarfare.prisoners are treated in the city prisons, let the reports —The Newark Evening Journal (Dem.) gives u p Italian style on the Boulevard de l'Imperatidce.which is to take place a week from next Monday. Tue wed, so that the Wardens were able to hold each indi- encroachments of the Governors upon their legal pre- panies, religious and charitable societies, and for po- current year. In the opinion of those who have made signs o f success are without a cloud; and it is not invidualunder them to astrict personal account. rogatives, a n d t o rebuke their licentious conduct.such institutions their study, at least $200,000 of tbisany boastful feeling, but with the honest conviction of tbe invincibility of its truth, that we state the belief that Connecticut will roll up such a majority on the 2d daj of April, in favor.of Free Labor and Free Govern- ment, as will effectually rebuke and put to shame Slav-These Wardens were placed in subordinate positions,sum could be saved by judiuious management, the dis-and their places given t o creatures more easily con-vrocked harmoniously, being administered honestly, trolled. How worthy were some of these successors glonlkat.ion. About the same time he took John C. been put into easy places to draw pay for political andIi4 »ra«ii*f A«W *'»••• *'-•...'-g#! & ? O'J:*- *>v,',•_..,.,.-,... („^,.. - v •MARCHrf w.r.'«. *-''-i2 3 ,•^s'.>>•-'."'/.,*..»»••NEW-YORK" DAIL Y•L-I*-v..,••"••:._*&>•?,•• •*• Ilitical purpoees. W e a r e informed that when Gov.Moloney was running for Senator last Fall, he hadthem out a t night, o n Washington Hights, for his charge of "useless people, male and female, who haveandto thepublicecOisfac'ion. Butaftera fewyears, Ileenan anda number of other shoulder-bittersto otherservices,andthecurtailmentofthe extravagant ery-lovingDemocracy,whereveritistobef>und."when by th« terms of its organization most of the may be inferred from the fact that the family of one offounders had retired, to make room for successors se- them has been obliged to complain to the Board of his Randall's Island, to review the boys. Tho youngsters lected by the people, a class o f men began to sebk ad- criminal inter-course whh the female inmates. Yet that were drawn up in line, and made to give cheer upon mission to the Board who were actuated by other than ' Wareen has not been removed. Another was the cheer for the Benicia Boy.building expenses. O f course this would net allow ofthe, profits supposed to be made by the Governors oncontracts for meat, bread, milk, dry-goods, soap, pot-tery, iron, paint, bricks, lime, lath, a n d other articlesfurnished for the use of the Department b y nextfriends. Why won't the Legislature give these T en men, intent on their own selfish ends, and indifferentunselfish, philanthropic motives—men, in fact, who.seeing fat pickings In prospective, looked less at thehonor of the position, and the good tt at they might ac-chieve, than at the emolument that they nvght covertly by chalk tallies on hia door-posts.ca6e—an irruption upon her of an immense horde ofUnderthedisgracefuladministrationofsuchun-confidential cJerlrand tutor of a Governor who, when Would these Governors treat their own children in he came into the Board, could n o t read, n o r write hie this way ? I f not, how much the more tender ought—The News thus cordially invites t h e Democraticc/owd to the hospitalities of the ancient city of Charles-ton:" What has her private hospitality to do with such aown name, and was said to keep his accounts at homeerib from the children of poverty and crime. It i s currently reported that the Governors are not fided to their care.alike t o h e r people, their sentiments, and interests?Governors an overhauling, or batter yet, turn out the And thousands of them, too, of such character and dence at the co/ner of Fifth avenue and Fourteenthabove suspicion in the awarding of contracts, and that The food of the paupers, lunatics, and prisoners is werihy personstee department to which, in its infancy pottery, drain-tile, bricks, mortar, cement, lath, paint often unlit to eat. We are assured that meat has beentain its old name,*as Mr. Robeit B. M'mturn, his son,and a son of Moses H. G«innell, will continue to be Efordivorce." —The Bangornooncesthedeatho: sham, who died at William Ellis of V.? inet, at the ripe ag« w ith this announcer stated, that Mr3 E less than 80 times, a fifths of a century.found for this.—Againthefere Hinckky of Albaxr hadanewsuccess she sang in the open ofHolierd,*diocai thanked,herforthe irg:HerMajesty veryofteneince,ui efhereversince Hinckleybaahadithey to be with tbe orphaned and desolate children of the cry, whom Providence, and the people, have con-bis doors. During the presence of that promiscuous crowd, theprivate doors ofCharleston will never have been so tightly shut and carefully guarded a s then. She will confer more watcmng than hospi'a'ity upon the * camp-followers' w h o have come to swarm at the a8semb ing of a National Convention."PERSONAL,-r-The Herald fays that a subscription has beenelifcwbere. Another case was cited, in which com- the stale pieces he could find. Sometimes he sends a —says: " In the first place, thereia-no such paper inmieHonshadbeenpaidtoofficials,anduponthefact verygoodarticle;buttherever-eisthorule.Takefor existenceaeTheSt.LouisEvening Poet. Andsec- JohnBrown,andLcProgres, anewlyestablished heccmh'g known to third parties, the commission was example the Lunatic Asylum, where the first qualify is ondly, it i3 a we11-authenticated fact that Mr. Bates not journal, appeals most sympatbetical'y to the public o n•drygoods,iron,andotherarticlesaresoldbythem,in- servedoutintheLunaticAsylum,Alms-Hou«e,Work-directly, to the Department. A case has been reported House, and Penitentiary in a nearly putrid state. A ll to us, in which a certain firm, who for years had fur- of this meat passes through the h*nds of an Inspectornished goods for prison clothing, have recently l-wt atBollevne Hospital, and is apprpved,by him before i t tl at custom. The explanation offered was that hereto- is forwarded to the instinitions. And yet it is rare thatfore they had pretexted a set of blankets to officials in the contractor comp ies with the terms of his contract.theDepartment,butthisyear,asthey felt toopoor, Fromtheappearanceandqualityofthemeatitwouldsaid 02 \u predecessor, ''licentiousness and disorder they did not do so, and the prison cloth was procured seem as if ho had gone.hrough tbe markets, buying all the best of reasons—that they had run away from himpartnersinit. HenryGrinnellhasnotbeenconnected with the houte for eeveral years, and nons of his sons were ever partners in the concern." The charities of this city, and the benevolent institutions of the State a t, large, can ill spare Moeea Grinnell,—Among the contributions to the late John Brown fundatGonaives,Hayti,arefortysackBofcoffeefront J. B. Dupuy.—Monday afternoon, writes theAlbany correspond- entofThePott,beheldtheChamberfallofladies, come to bear Mrs. Elizabeth Caiy Stanton address tb/e SenateandAst-emblyCommitteesoftheLegislaturechargeofaWarden,andeachWardenwasunderthe "bloodyrobbers,"andthat,too,inthepresenceof use.ofthesick. Sometimesthemeatiseentback;but ministersinLiberia. Anystatementinconflictwith oneshadbeenperformedforthewelfareofhissoul, hies,andgallerieswerethronged. SenatorHamaonthumbofaCommitteeoftheBoardofGovernors. theprisonerswhowait upontheirgormandizing, thisisrarelytbecas>.Whoistoblame,theInspector thesefactsissheerfiction." andthepaperscontaininvitationstoanothergreat oftheSenateCommittee,openedthesolemnitiesby1andprim«»,strangersfromfarandnearweredirected by New-Yorkers with pride and pleasure, as a branch ©f^euT loeal Government, which w a s honestly a n d jehhrully conducted b y pnbh'c-spirred citizens, i n t h e midst of municipal shortcomings of t'aa most flagrant character, has so far fallen from i'e high estite that itslecnditioa ma/'best beexpressed bysaying,aswasment put in circulation by a St. Louis paper that Edward Bateshadneveremancipatedhisslaves,for**have reached a disgraceful bight," and the public in- terestagaindemandsaradicalreformation.opened in Haytiforthe benefit, of the wife of the lateThe first st«p toward this ata'.e of demoralization wastooverridethatprovisionoftheorganiclawwhich refunded. Wecannotsayhowmuchrelianceiatobe contractedfor. Withinamonth,incoldWinter onlyvoluntarilyliberatedhisslaves,but,aswearere- behalfof.therelictof"themartyrofHarper'sFerry,"insecret,andinamannerquiteaseSectualasifthelawhadbeenrepealed.Eachinstitutionwasundartheeachotherwithbeing"G—dd—dthieves,"and Thesamemaybesaidofthearticlessuppliedforthenowoneofthe,ablestandmostusefuloftheChristianhaveraisednearly$1,000.Grandmassesandemailwhenwomenahallvoteandbevotedfor;Seats,lohad incurrtd obligationsto their partisans which they suppose that persons who are elected to serve the institution private piques would be allowed to influ- Washington says: " Fernando Wood says, if money (the Wardens) were expected to discharge. The re-I public without compensation, who seektheoffice know- ence the conduct of those having charge of the pris- will carry Connecticut for the Democrats, he will buy•h^ State of New-York," says this publii journal,Committte,a n dM rs. Stanton, ascended t h eescortedb y tin. coire*France.bouse wasAtUtrectcomplextheWardensweaklyconsentedtoappoint*ndremoveat the pleasure of their superiors. Thenceforth all sab-ordinati n and discipline, all order and system, all re-tpoB*ibi)ity and accountability ceased, and chaos came.The hietory of tbe institutions for the piet two or three on the public provender, living on the fat of the land, years,ifitcouldbefaitbfa'lypresented,wouldshowa thepickofthemarket,andpayingyourpoorpension-Jegree of disorganization, a dissolute disregard of de ers in garrets and cedars a dollar a week, to feed and eency, of the most deplorable character. care lor the fatherless babes and the forlorn littieIn the palmy days of tbe Department, when people foundlings, whom hard fortune throws under your, from abroad were courteously shown through the in- cbajge! A shameful spectacle, truly. Well mightgtitotionc, it was customary to extend to them a mod- *he Grand Jury present your conduct, as they did, andest hospitalit>; but when the more staid and conserva- put you to the blush.tive members of the Board had been replaced by mere There is not an institution* in the Bepartraent whichbar-room porticians, this custom degenerated into is not provided with a pantry to which every Governorscenesofriotandintemperance. Nolongerseekingto hasakey,anlinwhichthemostcostlywines,liquors,instructandawethevisi:orwithaspectacleofthetin andcigarsarekeptfortheiruse. Thefriwids of the fu'mese of wrong-doing, and the punishment awaiting Governors not only feast, and get drunk in tfee institu-Penitentiaiy, " God d—n him, give him hell!" A n d—AYJOCO-FOCO organatHarrods'ourg saysthat thatthebloodsogloriouslyshedmaybetheinfallible IWOhoursinadvocacyofthesedoctrines,beforetheHouse Judiciary Committee, a n d a n audience thatinatorchlightproce uponthebalconyof a i d fireworks. A I honor. At Rotterd—A houccholc<xr hiscenfcueschedule born," described or parlor," and the cth—There was a " ICincinnati Comvawalked in aid offer were the President road Company, th iZanesvilieRaiLrc>a< thePassengerRaih—MiesTennessee fiom the effects ot' the " mep"' in rez somehoursafter. thefactthatsheha converted into nic cheek, and bre86t her dying struggles retired6hefelta«Je someofthejuice; nothingwasjbcrig toolate.-John A. Wasii Mourt Vernon to hi His personal popul shown in hia sleetis*bee»elected sua ce and Piedmont Agric—Bufue S- Clark, last Winter, some cofin to be made. tHtnxxdttgshe withe poe&Hfl wid even t convey bim to his. pairofgloves*",rti to wear en the occseciin. . >"~ThoRev.T.S. 5th of April, to taxe San Francisco. S o gregaiioDS of this.meet th*m (audth< the 4th of April, w and religious char* Boston. Wm. C Ladies wiil be pree of interest, more and rather deuomi*"• Aif tMPROVKMi:2J HenryM.Paino famous a few vennow claims to hav< Jby heated air, whr|'the shade—as t h jays, with one-*ev|trovemert is rept ict that **. air wlnf ain amount ofteadily expand b j times the bulk w itonuaon air attain! tore,JEfcPJJ OVRR..A.N0J« m«a uairuvi Jobs jB<b««Jij i»j<*r««l that IIMDI, ttuvdrivvr of IV-wait t i e Cofouorr-:_pw' :.•••T'i-••'iret&jferei.-.«irantgrepsions against the laws; no longer pointingablest workmen, who would naturally have been re- tainedbadchangesbeen-competedbvthelesseningof butinese. Everycontractordischargedisawell-knownhis father could, if willing, add to his store, for current; T^the hustings, and her vote be received a t the ballot- reportsayshehasmade£70,000inthelasttenyears}*^>M>X.Bhewasearnest,andeloquent,andplausible,butprovidedfortbe outcast,orphan,and criminal ofher population,theyonlysoughtto miciaterto theirown depraved appetites, and to show those who went withnivingattfietheft. The'RotundainthePark is notorious asa dram-shop, where atallhours of thedayGovernorsjooaybefound drinking—Barry,theartist,whiteonalatevisittoJBoston^shemust have felt thatshe wasnotconvincingher audience—andshedidnot."eat,drink,smoke,andridetothe^tuneof$15,000or $20,000 a year, vrill hesitate to further their own pecu-niaryat their disposal.interests byappropriatingJolly gentlemen Governors, feasting<yv«r a generous bottle and a full-flavored Havana, the their refusal,would be taken as an assumption of supe- about to electioneer foi thoir party.t h epublicpatronageforerunner of the liberty of our brethren—the object of insane asylum, was put through such a-course in the will, like young chickens, go home to roost." W e our most constant wishes."the poorwretch, whooughtto havebeen sentto a n' the curseB sent forth against President Buchananthem how low it was possible for the servants of the at th e expense of th e Alms-House fund. Witiipeople te »*nk themselves. Thus, in the course of time, a full supply of champagne, liquors, and cigats, always all of the members of the Board are men of this stamp; Company; the others were in tho employ of Republi- and spread on the oaken table in the poet's cottage, on of Great Britain has been pleased to extend the re-**avititto-theinstitutions"becamesynonymouswi'.h athand,andpressinginvitationsfromtheGovernors drunkennessanddebnuchery.^ topartake,itisnotsurprisingthatworthyofficersatTheGovernorscoflectively,orinCommittees,used thisplaceareacquiringhabitswhiehunfitthemfor tf>vwittbeislandstosupervisethedoingsoftheWard- business,andmustintheendworktheirruin.onthecontiary,webearcheerfultestimonytothefact thatjsomcofthornArepure,high-toned,honorablemen. Buttheyareinthemicority;theysitattheBoard withmenwhosefacesarehabituallyflushedwith liquor stolen from the Poor-House and the Peniten- tiary—seme of them half drank when they come to thecancontractors,andhadtoleavewiththem. Inother thosegreatoccasionswhentheEdingburghgentry cases,Democraticcontractorshadtodischargetheir deignedtohonortheirprotege'shomewiththeirpatro-mainderoftheBaronyofBroughamandV*ux,waa JOJmerlyaMasterinChancery,audsatinParliamentas M.P.forSouthwarkintheaessionsof1831-32,andens, and direct the inakiog of repairs, advise as to re-The beet friends of these men tee this, and deploremonth to .six weeks' work lying before them when eager and reverential inspectionof thecompany. Then, Lord Brougham) the only surviving son of ths late) they were told to leave. Mr. Colt is, by virtue of his at the suggestion of a lady present, it was spread in an Henry Brougham, esq., of Brougham Hall, and' wasit. Perhaps the persons therm-elves see it too; butj-Kiblic service was faithfully performed. If in so do'ng how can they hope to remain ia place if they refuse to meetings, from the same source—and how can theirtrenchment and economy, and geueral'y to see that thetbey called for a carriage or two to rids to Sixty-firststreet o r One-hundred-and-twenty-second street, and, when pressed to "take a drink ?" It would be consid-oc/at.when their duty to the public was don©, sat down to ered that they were "stuckup," they would be sus-dinner with the Warden, and dweuseed their affairs pected of wishing to seem better than the Governors; riage-hire of their families, and the coat of riding—The landlords of Charleston are getting alarmed attie propoeed change of location for holding the Demo- Lang Syne sung in due and ancient style. / cratic National Convention, • and are disposed to come —The castle and domain belonging of old to Micheldown in their prices. Two dollars a day. The Courier Montaigne, in Peiigord, France, has just been pur- the island's, the bracing air thereabout was a wonderful than as they would. At this place on Tuesday evenings, Keepers and Deputy Keepers, appointed by particular saje, will be their maximum. Doubtful. Some of chased by M. Magne, a financier. The venerable dua- sharpenerofHeappetite,and it wasapparentlyno after theexhaustivelaborsof theweeklymeetingaxe fiovemovs forpolitical services, refuse toober their the Charleston papers intimate that, althoughBalti- geon, keep, andtower, where thofamous bookofpublic did not complain. There were no hoatelries on riority, and-eo they do a s they can, perhaps, rather To fuch a state is this noble charity reduced, that• more than right that the Governors when on public over, the Governors, with their friends, sit down toa Wardens, er to heed the behesta of other meatbere of more or any other city be chosen as the place ef meet- " Efsaj B"was wr.tten by the profound and genial hu-service should eat at the public expense. feaet of good things, and thena under the exhilarating the Board of Governors. Thus insubordination is the ing, the Southern Delegates will assuredly assemblein morist, is exactly in the state h e left it when he diedBut, for years past, this order of things has changed influence of the wine-cup and the sedative cigar, for- iule, affairs go o n prety much ne they will, *«nd all that city, and proceed to^make nominations for Presi-there, with all the quaint inscriptions he carved on the oaken panels. The "Essays," published in 1580, must havereachedEnglandprevioustoShakespeare'sau- thorship of plavs in 1589, and no book had so powerful an effect in molding the philosophy and forming the in- tellect of " nature'6 child" as this volume o f old Mon- taigne,acopyofwhichbearsoneofthefewautographs knowntobegenuineofShakespeare.—Owen Stanley, the recognized King of a large band of roving Gipsies in Ohio, died recently at Madi- son, Indiana, and his temains were taken to Dayton, where they are to he interred next week with great ceremonies. Harriet Owen, a Gipsy Queen, w a s buried at Dayton, some two years ago, and the Kinglor the worse. Instead of going to their work witi a get their promises of improvement, and rescind in pri- order, system, and'government is rapidly paesingdent, and Vice-President. ;—TheHerald eaysthatinviewoftheenormous prices which are to be charged for board by the hotel- kceperc of Charleston during the holding of the Dem- ocratic National Con-vention, and the poor accommoda- tionswhicharelikelytobooffered,thosealongthe seaboardwhointendtobepresentonthatmomentous occasion, we notice, are chartering steaners to convey them to Charleston, with such accommodations as will render the passengers, while in that city, entirely in- dependent of the hotels and private boaxding houses. Two steamers have been already engaged iu this city, ono in Bot-ton, one in Philadelphia, one.in Richmond,Wk then, quarreling over their cups, they h*.ve called each •night. On one of these midnight trips recently thoy upset the boat,, and but for assistance from the island, would have been drowned. „VNew-Orleans,andonefromMobile,BOthatthevisitors from the West and North-wee'i will be the only persons who will be subject to tho exorbitant charges which have already been announced by tho hotclkecperB.thiseingularpeoplearegatheringatDayton,fromall aJewtinandearthendiehes,awashstandandfixtures. directions, to participate in the funeral ceremonies, The brick floor is covered with cement, except in large which are expected to be of a curious and imposing apots where this is broken away. Tne walls andifcfe:other common thieves and whoremasters, and woundup b y getting mtoafigbt, peltiog each other withdrunhennee*.tation t o drink, and moreoig-irs; this, wjth a glanceAll, the iumitore o f the room has oeeavatethebuncomberesolutionsforretrenchmentand away. OreGovernor,aweekortivoago,sawamaawiS,inquietCommittee,eachmembernowhoi4sittohe his right t o visit t h e institutions whenever h epleaies, whether business calls o r not, and to takealeng companies of his friends, sometimes twenty or rt tour of the institutions," assembled to take carriagOB lives in peril, and orderedhim to his post. The fellow thirtyinnumber,incarriageshiredatthepublicex- fromtheRotundainthemorning. Aninvitationte hadbeeninsolentandalbusivebefore,butthistimehe panse,andtodineandwinethematthecostofthe drinkandsmokeisthepreliminarystep. Then,enter- burstoutintoatorrentofoaths,andplainlytoldthe«fcy, ordering the liquors and viands on his individual ing the carriages, tbey are driven to Bellevue Hospital. Governor he might go to a very warm place—that reeponsibility, and directing the Wardens in advance Here a large hall, hung with portraits of past Presi- Gov. B. F . Pinckney alone, who appointed him,was to prepare the fea*t Some of the Wardens have been dents of the Board, is appropriated to the use of the his master. It was only by the most persistent effort •bHged to prepare three or four large dinners a day, Governors and their guests. A large buffet at-oneend on the part of the Governor—who is one of the mostreform passed just previously. who had been appointed Engineer a t the Lunatic Asy- Let us suppose a company about to make the grand lum ljing drank near his engine, thus putting manypet was expelled from the island. Yet it was notorious m%3t wait upon and nerve hke common lacqueys. O n low of delicate palate, who will not be put off with that this man kept bis own. boat, and went and camet>cnlar,*ortbe Governors and their friends, whom tbey that too of superior quality, for your Governor is a fel-theseoccasionsscenesofditorderoccuratwhicheven anycommonbeverage. Thiaiatheroominwhich atwOlashepleased,regardlessofthewishesofhisthe very convicts cry shame. Five Governors at a time, midnight carousals of the Governors and their friends superiors, sometimes going off with tho Keepers—all in the Pemtenuary, have drank themselves drunk, and are of common occurrence, and where many a sober, getting drunk together, and rowing back at the dead ofand one in Savannah. Probably one will also go from is now to be deposited by her side. Roving bands o f room now contains a bed, three chairs, a walnut table,respectable m an may date his descent into hopelesscharacter, becoming the interment of deceased royalty.ceiling are whitewashed, and the room is scropuioustyThe visitors are received with an invi-—Themined to take no steps for changing the p*ace for lidd-giarees and the remnants of their dinner, smashing thefnraitrae, and then, hanging their hats upon theUmm through the Hospital wards, completes the inspection, Place8 are created for friends and relatives. Take,matter may be coneidered settled.—"Kramer Kan't Komit—Koim Kan—So Kanand their gueeta to b e helped down to tbe river, and lifted into the boat*, by the prisoner*.prisoners from the Penitentiury and vagrants from thea day, a deputy do. at $5 a day, and a rigger a t $3 a Kurtin" is the heading of the article iu The Readingto be right, atd because ho believes it would be wrong* to accede to the demands of the Senate Not that no desirestoconcealanything,forhehasassertedthat*m& fortb*G<msrnersWork-House. Themenhavebeenjplicdwithliquor, day.TheworkoftheSuperintendentandDeputywas by order of the Governors beloDgiDg to the respective really done b y the Architect, who got only $11 a day.(Penn.)Journal, inwhichiaannouncedtheelectioninthat city of tha People's candidates for Mayor, Treas-urer, three Auditors, all the Select Councilmen, all of bility attached to it. tho Common Councilmen but four, bath the Aldermen,&£< - , •*- &,-% such times the guardians of our pauper and penal insti- Committees whose boats they row in. The word is The deputy.Superintendent WUB removed the otherbeiogtoogroasly intoxicated t o help themselves. A vprocess, h e will volaoteer t o answer any duejwons wh'ch thoy may ask. His position is this: fiedeai«% the right of the Senate t o coerce witnesses, either as ,tutions are wont to indulge in language and behavior given for a race, and the boatmen bend to their work day, after a severe contest in the Board, all pretense oflewdanddisgustinglyobscene. Wellmayeonvict underthestimulusofwhisky,when,asoneortho needinghisserviceshavinglongsinceceased.The andamajority oftheWardOfficers. Thiswasin penaltiesinterdictedthesaleofcottongoodsforball toattendanceorastotestimony. Hehasnothinggettingdrunkonmyownmoney,andbeputunderths —anditisonlyoflateyearsthatithasbecomeacus- riggersarcemployedtoputitupandtakeitdown;but Association;"W.S.Banta,President;SpeersCam- CourtatNewport,R.I,,andwasinterrogatedasto madearrargementsforfamishinghisroomscomfort* keepingofthosevhogetdrunkuponother •people,." tom—nowisfortheCommitteeofaninstitution, theyarepaidbyordinary builders only while ably,andwillmakehimselfascontentedaspossible,Governors,wbonm*ingthetouroftheinstitutions ming,RecordingSecretary;DavidA.Berry,Corres-hisreligiousbelief,andtheestimationinwhichhe'heldwithaviewtonstayofyears.HehaswrittentohtfUntitled Documentwhenever it brings its boat into requisition, to give the in actual service. T h e more liberal Governors, ponding Secretary, and A . E . Fatin, Treasurer, with the oath. He stated that he had never heard of God, brother to conduct his afikirs as thou^» he were deaj*.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069i-e^sx*•-.-.• •v. »'*:;&'j.\i i^! , &#>* .,.', :•:.,..:. ! . . , '.•••-''—* however, appointed Mr.AnthonyDugro's brother- anExecutiveCommitteeoffive,andoneVice-Presi- ofHeaven,norofHerl;andonbeingaskedwhatSlaveryintotheTerritories,advocatingaProtective Tariff, in favor o f the establishment of Agricultural Colleges, the graning o f free homes t o the actuil aettlers upon tbe pubic lands, the admissi m of Kaosas ifetoihe Union under tbe present Constitution, and ex- pressing entire devotion t o t h e Constitution and t h eend. Bids have been received for heating the building,varying from $16,000 to over $20,000. The lowest bid-Havinglookedovertheisland,theguestsareescorted bidders,and wi'lprobably insh thecontract through —ThereisonedrawbacktotheRepublican triumph verely felt.Mr.Warden,"wastheu%ualreply. Theeffectofall tothegrandbanquetinghall,aspacioussalooninthe nextTuesdayevening. Incontraventionofthe.rules inNew-Hampshire. Iteettlesthequestionagainstthe —TheHon.WesleyBailey,lateStatePrisonIn-board. Thisfavoritismisshownbyorderoftbemem- ddestandsbytbisprovisoiatheConstitution,andthebersoftbeRandall'sIslandCommittee.A week or two ago one of the employees on Ran-dall'sIslandsoldhissituation,tothesonofanotedpoli-tician in Harlem. The place was worth $600 a year,otherisstrivingtohavetbiachanged,sothatslaves may henceforth be taxed as property.rascals, neck and -crop, retaining only those who are manners that if they were to come here individually, not obnoxious to these charges of malfeasance, and again and again, it would never_ be thought by a re- erectaBoardofControl,ofthreeorfivapersms,from spectablemanofourcitytoadmitanyofthem_withinstreet. Tbe hou*e of Gfinnell, Minturn St Co. will re- I -this morning thatwhomwemayhopeforamuch-neededreform?POLITICAL.—The Cincinnati Gazette, speaking o f the state-Oneofhieformerslaveswaswelleducated,andis affectionaworthyandprofitableone. Alreadythey" where this illustrious philanthropist w a s born, w eaGovernorwasheardtotaytotheWardenof tho that? ' , '.-.,.• bowourkneesbeforetheFatherofWorlds,topray ing,oryesterdayafternoon, Mrs.Stantonspokeforresultwasthat,towinfavorwiththeirCommittees,ingtheconditions,andyetdeliberatelygotoworktooners.Yetinthecaseofapersoncommittedforlibel,thewholeState."BoysofConnecticut,doyouhearwillnotfiresalutestospeakourregret,butwewillpondentofTneN.Y.Tttncswrites:"Lasteven- concert,shewascciranged for Thursday evenings o f each week, until after the election in November.te tie Avenue des Champs Elysees, which in five yean will be worth three times the price he paid fox it,T-The members of the Canadian Parliament are paid,—Mr. A. H . Ernst, long known as one of the mostRepublican paper.—Mr. Charles J. Faulkner, tne new Ameriwua Min- isteratPari*,hastakenasuiteofroomsfortbeSum- merattbePlacedePArcdeTriumphs,attheextrem- ityoftheChampsElysees.—M. Lenormant d'EtiolIes, Baron d e Tournehem, diedatToursrecently;bewasthegreat-grandsonofitstellingpricewas$150. Agoodfarjaer waslately hatiscurious,if true. Theassailant,itseems,under —Madame deWilhorst ofNew-York recentlyap-advice ofthelobby, kept bisinjuriescooltillthe pearedinoperaatBerlin,anddidnotmakeafavor- wasnofarmer,andhadfrequentlybeendischarged accusedmembervotedagainsttheTollbill,when,ata ableimpression,asTheBostonTravellersays.lina, at the approaching election, will be the manner iu which slave propertyis taxed. The State Constitutionfilled tbe Assembly Chamber as I never saw itfilled, gmess that on the 4th of next March old Buck himself, —According to the London correspondent of The txcept when Seward was elected Senator in '55. The*quarry as brought him to death's door. We have goodauthorityforstatingthatasaneman,chargedwithrepeated forgeries, was committed to ths Lunatic Asy-lum, with the connivance o f the Governors, to escapethe just punishment of his crimes, and kept there forlongtime, under the pretense that he was insane. H e ing the following: " Article 2. The object of this Club sponsible pott, baving*been initiated into the mysteries she talked of her right t o b e protected i n the enjoy- Tvns'epirired away, and taken out of the city recently—a gentlemen who* saw him in the Asylum having identified'him, and told him he w as not insane, butshamming, to escape the State Priscn, where he de- —From Colt's Pistol Factory, in Connecticut, there dertakings which he may think it wise to uodertake. mands with tbe feeling of a true woman, and she car-wn;isno—-chicken,"butagreatcurse,will"gohome lo roost." [Prentice's, of course.]LeedsMercury,youngCharlesDickens,thesonofthe itwasjammed—yesterday itwassimplyfull.Mrs. great Charles, is going out to India to manage an Stanton talked forcjily—it is needless for me to sayIndian agency fcr the firm o f Baring Brothers, in that she talked earnestly, of woman's sufferings, sweet- Connecticut, with a nubby little Constitution, contain- which, says the correspondent, he has long held a re- ly of her endurance, eloquently of her rights. When—Whr-n w e see "Wide Awake" Clubs forming inshall be to attend to the making of new Republican vo- of the mercban-,'8 craft by tbem. H e has also another ment of her property, of her right to be released from: ters," our faith in carrying that-State is made sure. great friend in the financial world—Miss Burdett the bondage of an ill-assorted marriage, she was Republicans should be " wide awake " everywhere. Cootte—who will back him, it is said, in any per se un- listened to with marked favor. She pleaded these de-thiec of the Democrats were directly discharged by the woven fifty years ago, by the;wife of Robert Burns,—Mr. William Brougham, in whose favor the <£aeenRepublicanworkmen. Theinspectorsdischargedwere nizingvisits. LateintheeveningMr.B.producedalsoamongtheoldestand'besthands,andhadfrom"a thesacredrelic,which,ofcourse,underwentthe 1833-34.Heistheyoungestand(withexceptiono£Democraticing the Convention. It will meet at Charleston. T h e bility on Meyerbeer, the composer, if he could not ob-NationalCommitteeh a sdeter-—It was recently said thaTthe Court of Wurtem- berg has proposed to the Court of Berlin to confer no-:'•'' l*i^>JHo speaks cf his in etttdy: be* he is no? eotttainiog hie - r whi* counsel, and h 8 the who*e subject. jo two coitions; the fine^paper and hq lithographsprocuraclean.supplied a t tb e cost of the prisoner, as wiu oe all t h e additions made t o h i s accornmodations.Mr. Hyatt appears not at all downcast by h» mpris-tain it in Prussia on account of bis religion. H e is a onment Ho declares his determination t o ma<n»» the position h e h a s sasumed, because h e believes wJew,aseverybodyknows.nies this rumor, and reminds its subscribers that Mey-erbeer is already decorated with the WUrtemberg Or-der of tho Crown, and consequently j>OBsessesthe no- wbenever-'the Senate wiil recede from the compwsory—The Leip&ic Common Council has under heavy— O n e R o b e i t S h e f f i o l d w a s l a t e l y b e f o r e t h e P o l i c e M r . H y a t t h a s s e n t f o r h i s l i b r a r y a n d h i s » * ? « ? * *—Mr. Evan?,thedentist,ha3builtapalaceintheRe,v. M r .Mayo,desk. A• www.fultonhistory.com£££ 