 >ceur, »rwa*|, with tana [North.S»t for in of & bown.' 160, a sMf t»pe- from S'yvor^r theco hisfuat tofrom from sawig in what ranted[oear">3, ofDr.and •fctate [iu the rper'sproved , [la ree,rfs a matter of taste or inclination, m nnpuKuug the motives of men in high official at ritbn, acting on the solemnity of their oaths. The motto of Old EngUn-l has too n.rich truth and significance'for me to do so either in pubic or private life; besides, Sir, having beeureaie-d in ;he Republican school of Jefferson ami Jackson, and muintajninar, a? I now do, every princi- ple taught in that school, and which, I believe, are identicalwiththoseoftheRepublicanpartyoftoday— I s«e toary :hi:tys in the opinion of the Supreme Co'urt of Georgia to command mv. respect. The repreeema- tives from th< >e Staffs who bave taught Wiseonain, <>r»eofthe"youngestsisters,'"tothinkforherself,and•to be true to to her convicttous, should bo amoug the la^t to censure or condemn her. I c«me now to the cons&eratkm of t.Jie precipe point at insn» between tho Sonator (T«H>::.b;) and myself uJ it stands upon the re- cord, and as made up by himself. When I first moved the pontronement of this subject, the issue stood in these words ex: the record, and as J understood it:" DOOTATTLK—Tti*' a»*nzuptlon cf the ^t>imtor from Georgia -ConjKteis to l^ifislate on the subject of tho rendition of South, as well as in the North. He reviewed the fugitives from service, he should have declared infavor variety of candidates voted for by the Democrats for Of that power. Since thtn, however, by the able" dis- Speaker, with a view to show that the principles of cussion of the subject in his own State, and by his ownThe Anti-Rent bills were reported for the donsidora- mento to San Francisco.tion of tie House. - Senator Latham purposed leaving for Washington Mr. Briggs's bill relative to Harbor Masters makes per the'steamer of the tith inst.Joseph has protested against tfoe* * proposi-9fr-winKan- l i t h e >pertyIbehaif wore The :l;am-"Liw-rjes tofcatelysuf- He beingi*ulation in all the Washoe Mines, while the coldCorn-bill* &qno- TneaeWhole number. -^Necrn^ary to a choice isati................. ^...... M or92 so far as it recoinroer.ds the sending of debates to the 15 National Convention at Baltimore, and recommendingTho last rail on the Atchison and St. Joseph Railroadwas laid yesterday. The road will ;be stocked and weeks ago to have been quite correct, aud, in fact,immediately opened on the 1st of March. This road I have nothing to add to the general criticism Ithe principal cities in the Union. The running time to ventured upon at the time. Consequently, I pro- St. Louis will be 17 hours. ' pose considering Air. Gladstone's budget as a sim-The Pike's Peak express and Salt Lake mail arrived ple operation of English finance, a treatment ofvton of toe infallibility Of the Supreme Court. In tho hcad^trom? ztnl pursued by the other party to forcefor Ne w-York; to tax bankers; to provide for reports which had been opened since litigation closed the New-4The ISew-Jersey Railroads.TREKTON, Friday. Feb. 24, I860 The Central Railroad Extension bill, having passed both Houses, only awaits the signature of the Governorand the House adjourned. . • sioners in ease they do not reconsider their late actionThe bill to regulate the fisheries: in New-York Bay in regard to his office, an! restore to him his powers. was loitin the Senate. • ' .After an ei'rbrt to take up the Hoboken Railroad bill EARNINGS OF THK AUBURN PULSON.—Tno fallowing stock wer;> totally destroyed. Insured for $3,000, vi-^i lay his hands on the reniorolk, the ^Cabinet, whose•:--*.•-jit •'Inkf the case of the United S'ates District Court of Wiscor-sin, and see where tlris d ctnoe would le^d. W e have t o Circuit Judge of the United States. Our DistrktJud-e holCs both 3District and Circuit Court; there can be no division of cpinion in tho Court, and therefore no appeal. It is with no ditrespect to the Judge of this Court that I say th-.it the satae.Jmigc roav indict, trv, and sentence, even to death, any nwn, woman or chdd in Wisconsin, and there,is pracucally no appeal to any other Conn of the United States. Add this dc«*nne of the Senator irom Georgia, and there would be no constitutional!taut upon his power—KhetJicr comtitutioM»J or unconstitutional, whetuer wnJirnor witi^ut the authority of the C. S.;. whether within or outside of his constitutional jurisdiction, -with or without cause, bv his warrant alone he conW-aneatany ^ki/.en of \Vkconsin, try him, sentence him, even to death, and thsre is nc appeal. No habeas cor pus coald reach the prisoner, whether in the btat ^ Prison or at the foot of the gallows! Where are we• —in the United States ol* America; or at SLVvten bnrg. und.'-r the power of uu autocrat, whose will is lav.T cr under the Constitution of the United St.st<!», wltidi declares that no person shall be deprived of hM bherty but by due process of law, which law must •i'-seif be subject always to the Constitution of the #Ja*iad Stat**.' Mr. Dooliu'e then referred to the -character <>f the Su.nreme t;ourt of Wisconsin, the Judges of which were chosen tefore the organization of the JU-pr:b?icair party, an J paid an eloquent tributeto the wenh, probity and high judicial character of Cbief-Jntt'ce Whiton. deceased; referred to the Opin- ions in the cases of Aoleman, Booth, and Rye-raft, in :Jd WiaCor-sin Reports. He gave a history of the <ases growing out of the re-icue of a fugitive lrom Missoori in 18.*>4. for which Booth was arrested by Urited. 8*a*es Marshal Ablexaan. After a hearing, Booth WUK discharged on writ of habeas cr-rpus on four grounds: because the warrant ou Us lace did notinconsistent with tho order to vote viv/t voce.Mr. BRISTOW t'nen nominated Mr. Seaton.The CHAIR—You have a right to do so.Mr. STOKES withdrew the mime of Mr. Watterston.Convention to reform the State Constitution.The Rio Grande.NKW-ORT.KANS, Thursday, Feb. 23,1860. Gen. Forbes Bratton of the Texas Senate, bearer of dispatches from Gov. Houston regarding affairs on thewere creditable tothe authors. Music, from Dodworth's Band enlivened the exorcises. The audience was numerous and appreciative.The Herald has a story to the effect that Sum. Hous-;Fires.« • -Las reached me that the steward's pocket-book has coi<?*i;ur:onn!, a pertfon crrasted, nr.dcr it would be im- Whtrea*. 1 he Committee of Airougemeiita, authorized by u been picked up, having some passengers names for ex-ru° no jux>d:<nicn trver the Supreme Court of Georgia, [ state any ofW. * under the act; because the aot itself e niEUROPE.B Y T H E E T J B O P A ' S M A I L S ,ThercanVbronghtbytheEnropay.whicharrive^* Wbitcomb, New-York; British snip Eliza, from Lon- Boston ye<^lW>eached *TM <&TM S f 3 ? * brinS-Q.*'it a-precedent." Wisconsin has never gone tojCcmmiseion©rawSijhdicialpowers,andalso rfouvhgof the Statue ->f WsBhingtr-n.victed in the District Cowt, but dieobarged on a hear- ing befoi e a full bench of the Supreme Court; readfrom the opinirns, 1 Justices* Crawford and Whiton, 3d Wisconsin Report, pp. 79, 80, 81, 82; also, 6b, .63;consin has-erred in «ssnming fti»n power to judge for opinions if jon will, confuio them if you can; Itself independently of the Suprene Court of the but w>ere, I ask, [is any evidence" to be ..United Stat*?, w.'iotarght her- that, important hsson? found in the opinions, of bad ftdth, or corruption in office, "The Resolutions of 1708; every De.moerat.ij platform of official "perjury;" off rnbing his "blood-stained'for the las" tnentv years; the nnamaions decision of hsnde over a violated Constitution." That Senator on political subjects, speaking of the Democratic party •the Supreme Co'ort of Pcansjlvania, in 1798; the (Tmmhs) owt» it to himself, to this Senate, totho State as a mere machine to be handled against the people.Court of the United States, and not inferior or tm ^or- dinate to that Oowt. If the Supreme Court of "Wis-There was no improvement in-the extent of hiai- also, .175-6-7-8. He. continued, question his On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the West Point and ing the breed of hordes. •"•' „ resa. The withdrawal of buyers made holders morespondence. , _THE Si;ATE OF EUROPE., n t From Our Chrrr€wsrwrpWk « '*riv. A ' &unanimous opinion of the Court of Appeals, tho Court of Ia*t rcto't, in Virginia, ia.1814; the wbolo jndi«i*l history of Gecrgia—now, or scon to become the Km-W e*- The attendance is pretty full. . A number of neti-- pended, but their creditors at San Francisco were not Lord John Ktasell's dTcdixration i a Parliament,proceod!:;^ «•» lli« Stat<» Court of W'!<ooi?.,'iu 1 hol<l to W wfuii^. 'that flid r.ot (Jepcnd.opon tho qnv.v.ion -whether the Fugitive Slav* X.n\v \?m connitntional or not. and in aoy (jvent the Din- ttict Cou:t of the United States li>r U i,<- m«\u i'e.\ing tmd jarin diction, their wis* no power to tt««i^^ «. \icn«on frosn prison und*>r the hsJMjjis coporim anil reverse *.he froi-eedtuj;* of '.hr? Court iu-vjus: cempetcut jortilicdon, imd *o ruuch of tbeioport a« i4iak<"i rot tt^ruis that in «ny cv. m, wliethortbe Fugitive rUve Law i* cor -ti.-.-.tion.-.l or not. U.>« ;>•.oeovdiflg of the Court of WltK-onhin i* »>£hr, in rrroneou.*." Door.iTrr.v.— f nhail not j o into !i>« di*ca*Kton of thin quda'ion now. as I piwpo^e to tli'jeu?* tha'. po'-ut on a future occaii^ii; but •imply drsire U>taj, if the Senator irca frvorgia admits thti U * of Cougrt** i* uticonatitotional, tae Li^txie*. Couct ut« U-J jari*- <iictlon nT!k!»T ir. ana tho prop;> hi !. which th» gnntlctnansnb- ndtp, and tl.«* rti>tinctionywhJcl: he rur.'ieH, that a law c:in De ur,- ooa^tft.nttonal. wed n nullity ittfflf, a:xd yet the Court have juris- d»ctir*n uu<?"r an 'tnconatiiruiorj^l l*w, h», in tfty jud^nient. pre-pcat#TOUM-•' TocMi<!*—I rm-Tt»iy wished to ctate my position', not to ir^u* }t; 1 am prepared to arjrne it at any pr»per tuue."prcuie ('rurt uowassertod the legalitv of Slavery in ballot in the House, Were given to Mr. BALL. the Territories, and the next prank added tothe Dem-The i??ue i* clearly made on both side*, and now fmrlynnderstood. It is a question oi' ;oustiiicioual law, ad- are binding upon nobodj . When a Stats and thoLnitedrespite from official duties, and gone resolutely to work Late reports from Fuesno River, in British Colum-in the consideration of the important business before it. bia, say that rich and extensive diggings have been pedient, fill the vacant Superirrtendencies ana* In-" BAIUUNGTON, Feb. 24—0 p. m.11 Thomas Nickerson informs me that on Monday morning, at 3 o'clock, he saw fiom the.main laud a steamer's light." It was stationary for some, time, and On motion of Mr. PEYTON (Ad. Dem.. Ky.), the he supposed a ship had struck on the Horse Race, about J.aw is constitutional, tho conclusion at which they ar- Committee on Public Lands were instructed to inquire two miles off the G:ipa. It was then seen to move. AtUnited Stav-? Supreme Court., r.ha', the. -Fugitive Slavearrived today, bringing St. Louis dates of the 13th by tween the Hungarian and Austrian soldiers,' andrive follows- irresistibly that a persen arrested uc-.tcr it would be ikprisoned under t j ^ arivaority of the United States, and a ^tate Court on a fcabeas corpus mast re- n and him. <nto custody, for ho would be under le#al reotTaint. To taie the other :uj-ejjjipt:cn, that it is notinto the expediency of reporting a bill authorizingthe Secretary of the Interior to issue duplicate land- daylight a large steamer was seen ashore, with one warrant* where the orig nal has been lost, under such maet etandiii«. He thinks he saw men on it -when it rides and reflations aa he may prescribe.telegraphic Meloy's Station.Tlie Massachusetts "Strike."- . BOSTON, Friday, Feb. 24, 1860. There is great excitement at Lynn to-day. One hundred extra police have been sworn in,"and thethat the Croats declare they will not fight any enemy wit of their own country; that is to say, Croatia.2>ecauseht? is uidar no logai restraint. "Wh^i is the tional I.ejrUlatnre, .';nd wher.'ax, in accordance with th-iirfrnter- tti*eue on the I e-.;rJng of a ha'»; :>8 corpus ca e ? The uai mid ['alon-lovmj! prir-cipljs. to the aifaiber of never; hundred, jnrisdS^icn of the Court in such a case is not appellate; one of the fine*: din-iplined rr^imeiitii of that State, or of any rn-.t. forrov:ew; not to severse.the judgnrsct of other other, arrived here for thst pjrpoue-; aud whereas, they were not formally received by tho Proajdrn'., heud» of Departments, or tribunals, bat it is a suit to inquire into the cause o*' Committee of Arrangement?: and whereas, no congtderable num- tire imp:Ir.oi;;::eT:t of a eit'./.en. and if il!ega+; to dis- ber were advired of the arrat ^emants of. tbe Committee, ami in charge him. The very essence of tho i»sne is, is hi. consequence the Member" of Consiwis did not anticipate thatserve the peace, who, together with the Lynn Light Infantry, held m readiness at their armory, and a de- tachment of the Boston police, specially sent for, form a force sufficient to overawe the few turbulent spirits, and no serious outbreak has occurred, or is anticipated.Attorney-General Phillips and Major-General Suttondo not care for Savoy, but are most anxious ty hear Mr. Gladstone's financial statement te-n^mi.The capture • of Tetuan by the Spaniards' will probably soon be followed by apcace with Morocco, at any rate,, we have the declaration of O'DbnnelL.5mpri.sonn;< nt legal or illegal 1 with, or without law 1 revolt; therefore (Rctolved, That we cs-nvey to onr Soeuiier our sincere regreting."Tir&iuia. Opposition Convention. RICHMOND, Friday, Feb. 24, I860.act, under a penalty of $10 for each bird so killed.No person HIIUII catch any qunil or rutted grctse, with any trap or snare, under a penalty of two dollars for each bird iocaught.No person Hball, at any time, kill any nightingale, nigbthawk, firmness in.any emergency. The strikers' committee Moors into the interior of tho country;have agreed to allow the free transportation of work Pius IX. speaks of revenge and of prayeri; and' between Lynn and other towns, and instructed their th<.\ King of Naples is ready to send his troops acrosapolice to enforce the regulation. On the other hand, the frontier to support the Pope. they propose to organize strikes in each of the townsThat is the qoestion. Let us i '.>r once take tho negro thfct the JExecuti^o and Committee failea to extend to the regi- out of the «jfuett;on, and forjje-, that, slaves or Slavery ment the hospitality and rei>r cct KOeminently their due, in COtir ever existed. A habeas corpus ca*s i« a collateral suit stderation of tfce high apprc< iation of tl.i* body of the soldierlyaddressed the military, counseling moderation and now Duke of Tetuan, that be will not follow up thein which ihe proceedings ond judgments of other KttcJvtit, That a copy ol" thi* preamble aud re<,r.!ction be en- Courtoarc inquired intojust to I!;<J?ame extent a* they groaeed by the Clerk of tie fiouse and transmitted by theing all party organization, urging measures to prevent between the 1st of February and the 1st of October, under a penalty of finy cents tor each bird so killed.are inquired mto upon actions l\>r false imprisonment or »n suits upon a judgment. To test the position as- sumed by the Senator, he say's, " ConceJe the Fugitive •' Slave Law to be uncon3tituiionai, and sti'l the Dis- "trict Con it of the Unite! S'^xre.- for Wacom-ia had " competent jurisdiction." What a solecism! All theSpeaktr to tee Colonel of saad remment.Messrs. HOUSTON (Kd. J)cm.', Ala.), DA VIDSON(Ad. Dem., La ;, and BRANCH (Ad. Dem.. N. CJ, objected to the reception of the preamble and resolu- tion?, saying they cfcst an imputation on the Committee, which might be inie or false.the powers conferred on the General Government by the Constitution being applied to the ends of injustice and' oppression; hohiingit to be the duty of the Fed- eral Government to promote the interest and prosperity of the States, and that the General Government ha*j no right to interfere with' Slavery in the Slates; reiter-No person, anoil catch any speckled brook-front or speckled river-trout, between the 15t"h of September and the 1st of March, or ar.y salmon trout, or nny musealonge, between the 1st of De- cenibVr and the lut of April, under a penalty of live dollars for etch ollense. .No person fhull take salmon trout or speckled or mnscalange, except with hock and line under'penalty of <f 2 for euch olienao. No fish of any kind "hull be taken-with net during December, January <jr February under penalty of 620 for each offense.All persons offending against the provis'.ona of this act shall be deemed suilty of misdemeanor punishable with imprisonment iu the Couiity Jail for 80 days or by fine not less than &20, or both.Any person entering the lands or preminea of any resident of thin State with firearms or Ushing rod contrary to the provisions of this act shall be deemed a trespasser, and be subject to line of i£>10, in uddition to the provisions of this act.This act does not apply to the waters und bays of Lakes Frie, Ontario, and Champlain, nor to the Ilive'rs St. Lawrence ana Niugara.. TICKET SWISOT.KRS.Mr. Robinson, from the Senate Committee oh Com-merce, reported this morning the bill to nreveut frauds in the sale of passage tickets, which that Committee has bad under consideration for several we6ke, and which I noticed several days ago.ALMS-HOUSE DEPARTMENT.Mr. Robertson to-day gave notice of a bill to abolishthe Alms-House Department in the City of New-York, and to create the Department of Public Charity arid Correction.The bill in relation to Rale Hay and Hay Scales was passed to-day. .The bill to incorporate the Long Island Steamboat Company was to-day amended,.on motion of Mr. Spinolaj by inserting* the names of Thomas S. Strong-, T. J. Ritch, Reuben II. Wilsonl Ebonezer Miller, Vin-where lhe goods are received and made up, thereby inducing them to return the work to the manufacturers without its being completed.The strikers in tho other manufacturing towns ap- pear to attend to the subject without violence or un- necessary-fuss.• •LFrom Kaiasas.THE ENGLISH BUDGET.From <m Occasional Correspondent.L O N D O N , Feb. 11, I860.The last was a great night, in the Parliamentary sense of the word. Mr. Gladstone* in an immense speech, simultaneously divulged the mysteries of bis budget and of the commercial treaty, linkingbo h carefully together, and propping the frailty of the one by the boldness of the other. As to the treaty, now laid with all its details before the world, yeu will find the sketch I gave you manyanswer 1 Or ^uppo«•e the ease to be an action lor lal^etjHprisonnreiit brought against the Marshal, would nottho State be comjxdled to prr< on the constitutionalityof the law, snd declare the Ct>urt had no jarsdicaonVWithout jurisdiction in the Court there- could bei nojudgment; the whole proceeding is Coram /ion judtee.I ' is begging the whole question; resrsoning in a circle.Jt is like s-^ingthe world sUuds upon an elephant, theAn essay onLife's Lessons to theAdjourned till Monday.HOUSE OF REPRESENT A TIVES.Mr. CARTER (Rep., N. Y.). asked leave to offer a I preamble substantially as follows:went over, which was soon after daylight. A repoitThe impending annexation of Savoy and Nice ex- L^nn Light Infantry are under arms up to noon. At- eitea the wrath, of The London Times, and of the'pri^ontd without authority of the United Stases, and ! j-EO!nvioii ofCongrew, inv»t«-1 the Sevetit<i fte^iment, NationaltheStattf <-V>orton a habeas corpus must disehargo aim, Guard, of K*w-York, to viaii the Capital, to participate in tlio tras. I will inquire ixto it and repoit. On Wednes-torney-General Phillips is at Lynn to advise withMayor Davis upon precautionary measures. aristocracy in England. The annexationists ofBOSTON, Friday, Feb. 24—evening. ''1 should imitate their example on a much smaller The Executive Committee of the Lynn strikers haveorganized a strong police of their own number,'to pre- scale. As to the. bulk of the English nation, theyiiiauitirrstion of the statue of *A'r>bin!;toL'. us z'ueeth of tie Na-day the body of one small child was found; and yes-«*i:i and discioline exhibited.blue bird, yellow bird, "Baltimore oriole, finch, thrush, lark, A majority of the Business Committee to-day sub- bpnnow, wren, martin, swallow, or any bird of the apecies of mitted to the Opposition Convention a report deprecat- woodpecker; nor shall any person kill any bobolink or robin,world knows that the United Stares Districi Court has Mr. MAYNARD (S. Am., Tenn:i, asked leave to atuiK the Compromise of 1850 relative to Slavery .a special and limited jurisdiction, and only s:> much offer a preamble, acknowledging the indebtedness ofas the law of Congress under the Constitution conferx; Divine Provir\-nce for ojnr innumerable blessings, and in ijbe Territories ; contemning the reopening of»ll the is rj-^erved'to Iho Stutc Courts. An unconstu concluding with a resolution that the daily session of the shivs-trade; expressing immovable attachment to the Union; condemning the recommendations of the xntiorallaw TM no law—it is a oere rmllity. The Con- the Home be opened with prayer, and to this end that President, imlfroS, that Corjgres3 invent him with theLEA VENWORTH, Friday, Feb. 24, 1SG0. Governor Medary has vetoed the bill abolishing Tffittition go*s with e\-sry enactment anmdling every provision fepagnaiit to itself; it is the Constitnt'oa which bre»thes into it the breafci of life; c-^ery law is .enacted wifh a proviso implying that it is notrepug- Daxrt'totbe Coustitntioh; *ui the cant phrase, it hasi*.Ti'*i "subject oniy to the Constitution of the United States " Hold a man in prison under the authority of the United States when the Constitution, the source of•Jill authority, forbids i t ' G-> toll the people of Georgia that her £<-r'ntor contend* thai a law ol Congress c<n jrivetoa Ciited S'ates l>i.*trict Court competent jnri*;- d'Ciion over a ?nbject matter which the Constitution it- self forbids ! That is higher law doctrine for yon with a. vengeance ! Tne ConrU", then, :^re above and not un-der Ube Constitution 1 Bring this doctrine to a practical te^ti" and suppose -ongress, under the general welfare <iocuite, skordd enact a IJ.Wand confer general vri <ii al jnti*diction of all suits of l*w or ia equity, and between city/ens of the sar» e State: one ntizcn of a State ccmmcnces an action wkainst another for slander in the UniUd States District Court; a trial is had, judg- ment rexdered, the defenda-at arrested upon the execu- tion; uj^on a petition to the State Court for a habeasthe pastors of thfteverai churches he invited to per- ioral the solemn dutv.Mr. CURTIS (Rep., Iowa,) and others objected to the resolution as out <>f ordejr.Iho Hon:-e then, tiftcifa call of the House, proceeded to vote for a Printer.war-making andtreaty-making power, etc.; advocating retrenchment and reform in the Government expendi- tures ; denouncing the Black Republican party; - recog- nizing the duty snd obligations of this country in its intercourse with foreign Governments: approving of the address of the National Central Union CommitteeSlavery in tho Territory of Kansas. The Legislature has taken the bill up again, and will probably pa3s it over his veto.A TCHISON, K. T., Friday, Feb. 24, 1860.-corpus, tho petitioner complains that he is restrained of hislibeiS v without any kgul cause. The return on its face^howt- that he is held » nder the pretended au-1W1 Mr. MitchellI&5 Mr. Windom.... >~8 Mr. Watterston...11rious offices in this city for upward of $50,000.The schooner Franklin, Treat, from Lewes. Del., for Frankfort, Mo., with a cargo of corn, is ashore onBlock Island, full of water, aud will bo a total loss. BOSTON, Friday, Feb. 24, 1860.The bark Atlas, ashore on Chatham Beach, is leak- ing, and appears to be badly hoggod. f She is being stripped. The steamer R. B. Forbes started this after- noon to render, assistance. Tho crew were saved.Tho bark Atlas, from New-Orleans to Boston, went ashore yesterday morning on Chatham Beach. She will have to discharge part of her cargo to got off.SA V ANNAH, Friday, Feb. 24, i860. Tho Russian bark Vesta, from Barcelona for Tybee, went ashore on OussibaW on Tuesday, and subse-quently bilged."und,insured.3u Pittsburgh for $10,000.full sweep of many existing duties, partv of which did hardly weigh upon the mass of the people; never- theless, eommou fairness obliges me.- to- &ay that Mr. Gladstone's budget is a. great- and. bold stwke of financial ingenuity* and; rthat the British Free-Trade doctrines once accept- ed—apart from some glaring incongruities* ne- cessitated by t)fc treaty with Ffauce, aiMwell as by the tenderness every British:. Chancellor of the Exchequer, will always bring.to bear .upon the rent-rolls of the 50,000 paramount landlordWifc is a fair budget.. The position <>fMr.-. Gladstone wa* fraught with difficulties created by.himselt;. He was the man, who in 1853, in his so-called'standawl budget prospectively- extending over a space of seven-year*, Jiaa pledged" lrimself to definitely do away, with the income tax in 1860-01. He. again, in a, supple- mentary budget, called into life by the Kiujsianrtvar, had promised to abolish, at; no distant date:, tho , war duty on tea and sugar. The same man,, now . that his promissory bills have fallen -(due, .comee for- ward with a scheme in which tbe latter duty ia;thor ity of tr e Court of the Uni' ed States. The answer'U9Messrs. MeJ'HKK^ON (Rep., Pa.) and WEBSTERTHE iEscuLAPXAN CIRCLE.—The Anniversary of. the iEeculapian Circle connected with the New-York Medical College in Thirteenth street, was held in the College Hall last ovening. The exercises were opened by Prof. Horace Green in some happy introductoryof the pet't-iot-er at once is, that the law under whichjie is held is-a nullity, is nncoustitutional, it is aym ajBcbieet matter wbacn the ConstUntion itself expresslyforbids, a:ul therefore the Court wliich rendered the lortnas, ana tucrejoje mu v«w« w»«.u ^ u u v ^ - *.*~(S. Am., Md.) voted for Gales & Seaton.Mr. BRISTOW iS. Am., Ky }asked leave to oiler aresoiutu n to end this strife.Objection WHSmade.Mr. STANTON (Rep, Ohio) submitted that this wasa onestion of privilege.Mr. BRISTOW l-emarkcd that by the resolution hesimply made a nomination.Cries, *' J^et it be read for information." It. was as follows:JRetolvtd, Thut \V. \\ . Seaton, of the firm of Gale^ k Heaton, be appointed i'rhi'er for the XXXVIthConrreKM.Mr, ST ANTON hoped the rctolutiou would bo adopted.for Judge Douglas were passed.North Carolina Opposition Conven- remarks. Mr. Lewis V. Beers delivered the Presi-indprnret>t 1ud no jurisdiction, had no authority to im- prison.— , . .,tion.. P.KTEnsmmc, Va., Friday, Feb. 24,18o(>. _ The North Carolina .Opposition-"Convention' nomi- nated John Poole of Pasquotank for Governor, by ac-prison the person of a citizen. Is not that a sumc'enti(i*i£»l Glo«s>bremier 1; SH> Mitchellbrings Atchison in direct railroad connection with allHe received the South; American and some Republi- can votes.Mr. Stokes (S. Am , Tenn.) voted for Mr. Watter- ston; Mr. Adram (A. Li, N. J.) for Mr. Windoni; and Mr. Farnswcrtb (Rep., HI.) for Mr. Pan^born.Mr^ STOKES placed in nomination Harvey M. Wat- terston oT Tennessee, and wished to t*aya ie>w words in favor of him.Mr. DAVIDSON (Dem., La.} objected.Mr. STOKES said Mr. Watterston was a goodthe adoption of theaddresB of the National Committee.Democrat.Mr. TOMKINS (Rep., Ohio) nominated Edward delegates.Ball of Onio.Tho House vottd:Whole number Ncceuaary to a choice i'li. !'-I'. .«Mr. G!v»»brt nnercent Davis, and Daniel F . Williams, as in place of those in tho original bill.incorporators,will be difficult .to save. The cargo is ineured at va- enue, and a vast increase of expenditure, by oneMr. BOCOCK (Dem,, Va.), who temporarily occu-MONTGOMERY, Friday, Feb. 24,1860.- The Legislature has passed a bill exempting goods';.NEW-YORK DAIL Y TRIBUNE, J A W R D ^ Y , FEBRUARY25,18$).5a n l »nce* i« sa- wifc-him fmuni-les, if :ra to time,jd in wit- f COMthey from*w oa,mtddidiwl itintoisaain thesovereigntiesofGeorgia.Idonotindulge,eitherIconsulted,asalawyer,atthattime,astothepowerofrebukedthesecessionspirit;audthisisthecaseattheexecution. .;I theSeatofGovernmentwillberemovedfromSacra-ispracticableornot,wecanstate.thatVaaau<l and canrot, therefore, give it an order, or make for w-as repugnant .to the Constitution, in clothing mere ^ p°?? itlee of Arrangements for the inauguration ;'j r j ^ Y O B i i ^MELOT'S STATIOW, Friday. Feb-. 24. 1800. TheoverlandmailcoachwithregularSanFranciscothat length; she has never yet dented the appellate , ajury-trial to a p«T#cv olhlming to be a free inhabitantedged to arise under' the Consultation of tho Coifed i gress no power to Ic&islsie on that subject. After- At pietent he would merely say that those resdlutioris signed, against the removal of *oe East ^iver steam- coon. •• - •' '••••' •-.' '•of Wisconsin, to the sacred memory of the dead, to In reviewing the proceedings during the contest fortake back every word that ho hasuttered, calculated to Speaker, ho said mischievous and incendiary speeches impugn in the leaet degree the uprightness and iateg- were made by Southern Democrats, in order that mis-ASSEMBLY.Benckley & Co., a hardward house, had sus- bilrtfeeof war in the gprh. ^-now know, bypj.«e State of u>o South. [Mr: Ooolittlo here road ritT of that Judge who pronounced the decision of erable party purposes might be promoted. It was true -from tho Resolutions' of 98, and the history j "whichhe complains. [He read further from opinions that, the North-Western and Northern Democrats, as of the cortr.verny ia Georgia, showing thitJo*JndgeSmith,3dWis.Report,pp.13,23,U>3-4,114, theyhadevendeclared,didnotsignthepledgeofcon- the State cf Georgia denied altogether the ap- \ llti-17, lll>-20-21j. Mr. D. commended these entire tinued and stern resistance to the plurality rule, but pellate jura diction of the Supremo Court of the i opinions to the Sena'e and the couutry as opiuions of they did not refuee to vote under th9 leadership of 4 United State*, and treated that Court with most, pro- j able Jndgee, thoughtful and earnest men, grappling those who signed the compact. - The Southern seces- found contempt.] I do not question, and have no ri^ht I with the gravest questions underlying the whole sys- sionists are of nect-asity unfit men to be intrustedlikely to lose much.Two thonsand hives of honey-bees, which arrived that England and France are ready to TOC^nizeat San Francisco from the Atlantic States during Jan- the annexation of Central Rail/' *©' Sardinia, j pro- uary,had beensold,averaging$10per hive, whichwas a great decline, the price previously being $50 vided it is the wish of the nrT&ft >? proriucw, to^bepublicars of Wisconsin approved the decision of theCourt. Many Dtmoc-nits also, brought up in theschool of Jefferson and jJackson, sustained tue action spc>e of "the patriotism, industry, and poweT of Penn- of the Court in interpreting the Constitution as they sylvania, on tl e soil of which there is no secessionist. understood it. It was net a strict party question in She would frowu on disunion and trample underfoot Wisconsin. The doctrine of the Senator frcm Georgia, xtll men rind factions calculated to impair tho free ineti- as to the pow.tr of the Supreme Cturt, led to abso- tmiorie under which we live. •Tie Senate bill for aid iu tho construction of thein a ftinglo Mo.-d Cer>OT>d* entirely ujxm tho .in«>«uoa wh-Mther the lutism axd despotism. It is the tendency of the Judi- Mr. SPAULDING (Rop., N. Y.) spoke in oppositiondebt of New-York was reported favorably. • Ex-Gov. Wellc-r had been chosen by the different eight Superintendencies, and constituting the Synod Mr. JAQUES reported a bill to release laud under wings of the Democratic paity as their candidate to by elections from the Senioratee instead of the oldlaw of Coogrnsrs bp or b« a«t conjiU(utlon«l. " T<M»>iMi—CerUlnly, Sir." To^iMBs—V<r». Sircial authority to usurp legislative powers. He quoted to the President's veto of tibe St. Clair Flat bill, which frcrz Mr. Buchanan, that} the judges always leau totha he reparded as a direct blow, at commerce. He pro-water in the 16th Ward, between old and new bulk- lead the delegation to the Charleston Convention.mode by elections from the Districts. All the other points of debate were to be left to-the decision of the Synod thus organized, as, for instance, the de- gree of the publicity at the meetings, the posi-" Dooi.rrrrK—If tho law 1« nt»c?Dstit>ttional, the Whole pro- ro^Jim io the J>i*trirt Court of \Viati4rii»ixi i* a nuhlty.heads, to the owners.A bill to provide for the inspection of steam boilersprerogative of power, arid contrasted the difference be- tween the views of Judge Marshall, as a member of the Constitutional Convention, and as Chief Justice of the United Stanes. He ahoi contrasted Judge Taney as The next morning, however, the Senator from Secretary under Jackson^ sustaining him in his posi- Georj^n corrected the record, und the issue was re- tion that he should administer too Constitution as hoceeded to answer the President's objections that the improvement was unnecessary and inexpedient, that it was iinconf-titutiorsi, and that tuunage duties may be resorted to tor this purpose.The Cimmittee rose. Adjourned till Monday.in Brooklyn was reported favorably.The Special Committee on Excise reported a bill toThe principal portion of Forbestown, in Butte Co., was burned on the 28th nit.; loss $20,000.The second session of the Pacific Kailroad Conven-" DooiITTl £~-Bnt If yowlaw i« roi:»'itut5oual. thrn {br pr»- <-<5*d«nR c-( »IM« <. oort of vVirtconain WJM wrr.njr" TOOMH—I h'.ve notliii»g to »;•? fo that now.'?tion would be held at Sacramento, commencing on tion of the Super inten dents,, the relation or tbe Amorg the bills reported in the Assembly to-day the 6th. schools to the Ministry of I>ublic Worship, andstated in these worCs: nr>derslood it, und T>mey as Chief-Justice, leaning to- CoBKKCTiOK.—In the Congreaaionul report of Thursday, the *•• TeoaiBS—Whether or not the law was cona^tntinncl, th«i ward the consolication of Federal power. The Su- 07 votes ctoted to have been cant for Mr, BOWLES, on the thirdA wire suspension bridge, ISOfeet long, lisd beenwere: The Brooklyn Sewerage bill; tho b'll to pro- completed over the Mokelumne River, at Poverty Bar. the confirmation of the clergymen and in-vide for an indemnification of the stockholders de- Gen. J. W. Denver, ex-Governor of Kansas, h*s spectors by the political authorities. Thus- the frauded by the New-Haven Railroad, and a minority commenced canvassing for the successorship of Dr. Austrian Ministry has waived the most:important bill from the Special Committee for the Total Prohibi- Gwin in the United States Senate. part of the claims and privileges usurped by-the«Uphant eti a turtle, and the turtle on nothing. l>oesa Court have jurisdiction by its own mere ip*e. dix>t ? pied the Speaker's chair, declared the resolution to be imported into Southern ports from taxation, when sold delivered by Mr. Alexander Hutchins. All the effortsThe House voted: Whole numberRICHMOND, Friday, Fob. 21, 1860.John Stewart Walker's tobacco factory was burnt 9d. to lOd. in the pound; that is to say, by. tl 1-9Necessary t« a choice Mr. Ball.this afternoon. Loss $25,000..-.IXSS 01o«>Dr*nn«r........ Y'-Mx. Seaton '"5 16maintained; while the income tax is-enhanced from TROY , Friday, Feb* 24—10 p. m. per cent. But, you will reraerriier that,; in myA fire is now raging in the lumber yard of Smith St strictures of hte budget of l a ^ l tried to prove Craig in West Tr< y. Over a dozen piles of lumber are that, if the financial legislature of ficee-trade burning, but it is hoped that the spread of the flames meant anything, it meant indirect taxation, beiug Has hew checked. The IOSR must oe at least $ty>00; displaced by direct taxation^ I- dwjlt at theinsured iu the Liverpool and London and Atlautic- time on the incompatibility of Mjj, Gladstone's, Companies. The fire broke out at 7 o'clock, and was pledge »f going on with the removal of custwn andthe work of an incendiary. ^, ,0/>i.LonisvitLX, Friday, Fern 24, i860. excise- duties, vviih his simultaneous r^edge ofThe fire at Dansville, on Wednesday, destroyed all. altogether expunging the income tax fromtthe tax- the compact portion-of the town north ol Main street, gatherer's list. The income tax, only that it iaBOSTON, Friday, Feb. 24, \y,m. In the Superior Court to-day, George P. Bu-.nhan, laic Stale Liquor Agent, wasduiobarged from custody, Mr. SHEEMAN (Ken., [Ohio) suggested that the. en hiB own personal recognizance, to appo'.ir at such—Thomas Le Clear, an artist distinguished in Gie wet tern part of this State as a head painter, haa TO-uan'ed to this city to make it hia reaidouoe.Committees be called for thvj reception of Private time as the mdrctw'ent against him may be -called up.**!&. KEl'iT wilted to m^k* tt stitsuaent rohttiYQ tyGeorge Calendar, a well known merchant of this city, died Ift^t pin^tiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069«e« t&L*hth4*««e*Wr.LOVEJOYfEep,,HI;)objected. ' -'-•:u:*?l1 r •••->-V'-' *f,:• ©TVMr. KEITT said he did not.meau to make a speech,jnrisditfioit of the Snprtnv* Court, incases ac*ad«i- i of Wisccnsin, aridhecansC tho Conetitution gives Con- buv. would at another time notice these resolutions^ , ^ L A W R E N C E presented ft petition, namerou3ly. patches to the 4th, arrived here at 4 o'clock this after-IStafee. Shehssonlyassertedherrighttojudgefor!wardBoothandRymrf!wererearrested,andcon- ^wereunfo.ur.dedinfact. boatlandinga. . . .'.- •••\.-.Arrived*atSanFrancisco,Jan.31,shipMalay,There were no further prcce-edings relative to the - • ; . . B1LL8 PASSED"/election of Printer.The HOUFO went into Committee of the Whole onTo regrilate tne rates of whai-fag'e in New-York and Brooklyn.don. Sailed 3flth, ship Princess, Callao; 31st, British ship Locket, Melbourne.ingeome additU '^intelligence and our foreign corre-the State of the Union.To amend the act relative to associations for improv-Among the remonstrances against the Pro-R*^a bill anxious to realize. Provisions were mostly firm, butPension Appropriation bills were taken up, and, after being read, laid aside to be reported to the House.to-day was one signed by all the Supervisors, the • County Judge, Jnstices of-the Peace, andaver 1,300ealefl Could not be forced at last figures. Raw and Re-T A ? t W LOKIXV I*, Friday, Feb. 10, 1860.men, who would do nothing to violate the spirit or let. tor of the great Charter of our liberties, and would yield only with life their devotion to the Union. Hebetween Harbor Masters and assistants, after the pay- ment of expenses, in lieu of all other fees.l h e Convention is still debating tho reports. is no probability of any action to-night.—••—Soiitfc Carolina, Politics.ThereC«Ani.KSTOS* Friday, Feb. 24, I860. The Courier says the meeting last night was well at- tended, and that it was uninimpuely resolved that, in their opinion, it is right and proper for South Carolina to be represented in the Charleston Convention. A State Convention will be held in Columbia to nominate••,——• Iowa Politics.BURLINGTON, Iowa, Friday, Feb. 24,1860. The Democratic State Convention met at Des Moines on the 22d, for thepurposo of selecting delegates to Charleston. A. C. Dodge, Ben M. Simuels, ex-Gov. Baiter, and D. O. Lynch wore chosen delegates at large. Resolutions instructing the delegates to votethis eveuing, bringing fcur passengers and $3,000 in rcid dust.Marine Disasters.PROVIDKNCK, Friday, Feb. !24, 1860. The bark Kepler, Moulton, for Providence, with a cargo of cotton, was ashore on Flag Island, below Apalacbicola, 22d inst. She was full'of water, only one rail out, and tho sea breaking over her. Tho ves- sel is a total loss.. The cotton is badly damaged, audthe subject the more called for since the impending Parliamentary debates are sure to enlighten us, by the by, on the diplomatic undercurrent ef Mr. Glad- stone's facts and figures.Now,whatever inconsistencies may be.traced in the details of the budget; whatever po'litaoal-objectioas may be raised against the prudence of answering a deficit of more than 14 per cent on the total rev-clamation.The Convention has adjourned sine die.A l a b a m a ^Legislature.in Alabama. It has also passed a bill providing, for a were marked by a high moral tone Of thought, andCINCINNA TI, Fridav,-Feb. 24; 1860. Tho steamer E. A. Ogdeu sunk in* the Missouri, six miles above Jefferson, on Wednesday.! The boat is a total IOPS; her cargo, wliich was valuable, was ooueid- eraWy. damaged. The boat was valued at $16,000'*761'These were the votesi of the Southern Opposition, Rio Grande, has arrived here, and leaves to-morrow ton, with an army of 30,000 Texans, 13 abou:, to marchand Home Democrats:Mr. Mitchell 16 | Scattering *»Mr KE1TT 'Dem., Si C.) said he understood certain resolutions were ofl'tre'd this morning by a member from New-York (Mr. Carter), and that they were ob- jected to in consequence of his absence. He now wibhed to ask Mr. Davidson to withdraw his objec- tion; and allow the resolutions to come "ui. "Ho wished!to make explanations in, relation to their propriety, andtubmit some remarks jappiioable to the gentleman (Carter) alone'who ofteitedthem.Mr. DAVIDSON withdrew his objection, which had been made in consequence of the absence of the gen- tleman from South Carolina.Mr. SMITH (Dem..; of Va.) asked whether the •witi'drawal of the objection would briug up the reso- lutions- ' , ..,The SPEAKER replied, :No.Mr. SMITH—Then I,object.-The SPEAKER said the only question before the JU.nt'O was the election! of Printer.Cm motion of Mr. VALLANDIGHAM (Dem., Ohio) a reHoiution was adopted instructing the. Committee on Public Lsnds to inquire into the cause of the great delay in issuing lard warrants, aud report iuch meas- urescs mav bV-n'cessary as u remedy.for Washington. on Mexico, with a view of cono^uoriaig that country.Advices from Ruatan are to the l.-it.h inst. Tho citi- It is not improbable that fillibuater expeditions may bezens were making energetic preparations to resist the ftttempted against Mexico hereafter, as they have been cc-srion of the Island to Hemduras.ito become.a law.The whole a^er-noon of yesterday was spent inSeminary was iniored also. The name*of the lowersid:.—nem* avenot yet received. Thu Journal, nowspaper, pro- 3«>ne, ihateal of seriously taxing lasted property,:8ENA TB.---^nANY , Feb.24,1860.dstea to the 3d of February, and telegraphic dis-fined Sugarawere both weaker; Crughedf-12^c. Pig Mr. McPHERSON (Ren., Pa.) delivered, his vie*s citizens of Richmond, County, presented by Mr. Ver- Iron very slow at $32. Money scarce fronr the coun-The President's Annual Me.psage was taken up.were made. : , , The Board of Supervisors of San Francieco had powers implicitly guarantee Vene, ^ a to Austria^, if A bill i.was reported to exempt medical and surgical offered to donate to the State a uquare of ground, and phe consents to the annexation. W » : t h o u t ^nieving ^to question the integrity or good faith of the aotiouof tem of Government. He admitted that had he been with our great national interests. But the people have instruments, books, etc., from the levy of sale on erect thereon a State Houso worth $150,000, provided into the now idle qneetbn whether em ** a guarantycareful attention, he now agreed with Justice Smithand his colleagues of the Supreme Court of Wisconsin.Mr. Webster al&o maintained the 3ame opinion, thai itbelongf d to the States and not to Congress to leiriblut«onthesubject.Such,also,heunderstoodtohivebeenthe opinion of-Mr. Calhoun and Judge Butler of SouthCaioiiia, eg to the original question; and such,,itseemed to him, must he the true construction of all per-sons.,broughtupinthejscboolofsturdyoldRepub- States. TheywereUnionandConstitutionrespecting licanism.* In bis opinion, a large majority of the Re-pirat'on of the term of the Harbor Masters now ap- dates of Jan. 9th and 12th. The unusual detention is impending Italian war, vizi the- sndderr cban, W m pointed, one of the present force shall be named as attributed to heavy rains and high water. the Austrian policy toward the Protestants is * Ia n "milyea.-try this fortnight, which had a tendency to make buy- ers still more cautious.Tho events of tho fa*.fc w<*& increase the pxo|ft-',':'.tions were presented, principally against the Pro Kata bill, and for a sanitary code for Now York and Brooklyn. , .Duringthemorning,theHon.S.P.Chaae,ofOhio, occupied a seat at the Speaker's desk.River for canal boats, and a provision is made for anda} 8 of January by the Minister, Connt Beebbel *g»dential address.Physician" was read by Mr. W. Hammet Martin. " T h e Spirit of Philanthropy" was commended by Mr. J. P. Wyer of Georgia. "Life tothe Medical Student" was depicted by Mr. Philo C. Pease. An able oration on the "Practical Logic of Man," well studded with gems of wit, and profitable lessons, washeretofore; but when an army of 30,000 or of 3,000 men is raised for that purpose by Gov. Houston, we shall be likely to know it. At present the story ia evidently without foundation.THE GENERAL. Swi'ERi.vTEBnrsT. OK POLIefforts to defeat ihe taking up of the Hoboken and cral-Superintendent Pilsbury has written 1 letter of poses a meeting to-night t* *&&% 8utt?fGirfl\-k, , 0TM-GNewark Railroad bill. The bill was finally taken up, resignation to be presented to the Board o£ Commis- * &mAi.ToN, Pa., Friday, Feb. 24, ,1860.aiahittiins a war duty upon suchrlTet necessities aa teja and sugar, is a" cowardice due much more to the aristocratic structure of Parliasswnt than to auvon its. second readiDg, both partios compromised on are the figures foY the month Of January:Home, *Utt)0; Metropolitan, $1,000} Charter Cwk, prospects of life are precarious onougb, would havemaking it the order ot the day for Tuesday afternoon. next.Contract earnings...'. Miscellaneous euniiuco.......»i..$7,130 80 &1U40*X»°0V , mSailing ©f tlie BoUewian. PORTLAND, Friday,;Feb. 24,1860."••' The Bohemian, which sails to-morrow, will call at Capo Sable on her passage out.r~Mr. Price, an English turiite, has named a colt by West Australian, out of Tour de Force, " Tho Benecia Boy."gone to the wall in no time. It is an old proverb that the belly has no ears, but it Is npiesstrne that reat-rolls have no'conscience.Before giving a succinct statemoMt of the altera- tions contemplated by Mr. Gladstone, I shall first call the attention of tho reader to some incidental remarks dropped in the cou.rse of his speeeh. *Jj2i then, the Chancellor of the Exchequer admittea:—o-~-. .Tl&e Massachnsetlw 'Liquor. Agent.Total expenditures for ordinary support. Net earnings for the month....... j 5,632 5!) .il',999 61Untitled DocumentTbe Overland Mali.A large number of reports from standing committees to $100. expressed by new dbclionv ** * ***** ^ J ^ ?tions; . that he is unwilliiig to app7or, of the theDepartmentconsistofoneHarborMasterandten TheHon.ZadockPrattleftonthe3dperoverland annexation; andthathefeels rtrcmg eawgh assistants. It puts the assistants under the direction of stage to St. Louis. to keep his own. This-eounds warlike esca^ ih} butthat party could not be ascertained from theircancicates. For himself, be had uniformly actedto • promote the organization of the House, aud the Harbor Master,-and provides that, until the ox- Two overland mails were overdue with St. Louis we have still a stronger argument lor befievina, ' i n an asripned . the reasons why he voted for. Mr.Sherman and then' for Sir. Peunirgton. Theywerefaithfultotherightofself-government,tothe interests;of, free white labor, and for a protectivepolicy so vitally important to Pennsylvania, and which,if adopted, would promote the prosperity of all tho.Master,andtheothersbe.consideredasassistants.ThebarkMeseengerBird?.wnich,haabeenunlaw- gary. Theirdeputationwasinsulted'intbe.lastThere is a clause in the bill reserving piers on the East.fully traversing the ocean with a cargo of coffee fraudu-office, clerk hire,, &c.., for the Department. A fee of lently obtained at Rio, was last heard of at Tega but on the 1st of February the two Chairmeaof U,> eLJc.andI.e..pertunisleviedonve3£els,tobedivided Island,whereaportionofthecargowassoldbythe Protestants, theBaronsNicholas-YayandGetbri*1captain\ when be put to sea with the proceeds.It is stated that Capt. Jarboe's company of mounted Pronay were invited to an audience of the Em-rangers, numbering twenty men, had killed about two peror, who expressed bis wish to settle their dafScul- Albany and Susquehanna Railroad was reported by hundred Indians, and taken $s many more prisoners, ties and remove the grievanccB. The tw"0'Bnron»the Committee of Ways and MOPUB for the considera- within a few months, in Mendocino andtbe north -west put themselves accordingly into communication- with tion of the House, the Committee declining to recom- poition of the. State. Not a ranger has been killed. the Austrian Ministers, and b i t u p o n a n l a n which mend its passage. The company has done this Indian hunting volunta- would remove the greatest difficulty, by ignoringThe bill to provide for the funding of the floating rily, without authority from the State or Federal Gov- the new territorial division into twelve instead of ernment.amend the present law. ' .ocrar"c plhtform would bfe the declaration at Charles- The Wreck of Hut Hiiingariaii. tion. Notice was givem of several new Railroad bills The new Idra quicksilver mines in Fresno County, Crown as against the Protestants, though wishingSlavery into the Terraorits,.they have cousod to Telegraphic cotomunication with Harrington wasbe Republican?, aid become advocates of the reestablished this morning, but there is no additionalquicksilver within six months. Other mines of theThe bill for the extension, maintenance, and regula- kind are to be opened soon, so that the recent deficien- Churches. Of course they try to conciliate themc.-t Federal doctrirje of the old Federal i arty j £air.«-t which Jenereon rrtered hie loudest thun- ocn-. lie «>u< ted Jeflesjson's opinion of the SupremeCoutt, in -which beheld that it sought, by sapping and nunng, to subvert the Constitution and press us into one consolidated Covert roont. The great question in the science of the American Government was when trnvjurisdiet'on cf the Stde and Federal Governments carne in conflict. Who was to decide ? It would never do to say that the decisions of the Federal Courts should be received as li ral and conclusive. When it Usurps power it» deciairns must not be respected, anddressed to 0 e judgment, to th»- air; reason, in the dis- States dilVer, there is no common umpire but the peo-cuesion r>f which pa?3ion and declamation are of no ple. He beheld a party calling iiself Democratic, in awaiting orders. Postmaster-General Woodgate has avail. It ij :i rjuection of more consequence than the lace of ita own platform, now bowing down to wor- ordered the mails to bo bronght to Halifax to be ar- Slavery question, and cau be oifcn^Ked entirely free ahip at the feet of an i.'nperiul court, and which had rai^ed, as the' bags are burst and the letters torn. ?ro3a all the excitements emronuding uiat question. asserted tins new doctrine of judicial infallibility, of. The queetion is of the jnrisdicdon or authority con- "immaculate decision," in order to irrevocably fixferred on the District Court c he IToited States by p.n "unconstitntioia! law. I than!; the gentleman for thus restating ihe i^sne; be concedes, in my judgment., the very ground ou which the Supieme Court of the United Statesbattd their decision in m2l Howard. [Mr. D. read extraet ] Upon the af£-uaiption taken by thetion of the Central Park, came up for third reading. cy in the quicksil ^er product will not long continue. Hungarians on the eve of a new wrar, but the*Mr. COCKLING moved to recommit the bill, inorder to obtain more definite information from the Two tuns of silver ore from the new mine in Santa Protestant Conference at«Pesth' is not so easilySjavei v in the Territories.* Mr. Tocnibs got tho fl oor.The following is the latest.news from the scene of the wreck:H,vr.irAX, Friday, Feb. 24, 1860.of the Supremo Court decisions; and to divide the Twelfth Ward of New-York. 'to avoid the humiliation of op<*nly retracting tho Almaden mines, had melted fourteen hundred-flasks of obnoxious decree for the organization of theinformation relative to the Hungarian.The steamship Bohemian, which will sail from Port-land to-morrow (25th) tows schooners to the steamshipCommissioners as to expenditures, estimates, &c.Cruz County axe on the way to San Francieco for managed as a body of politicians, and therefore theassay.' plan of conciliation concocted at Vienna was oot'atThe Nevada Company, owning a silver mine in once accepted without further remark*- On the Carson Valley, or Washoe Mine, have sold shares toHungarian, with an agent from the Company to look After a long debate, the bill was laid on the table Adjourned.alter property.H A L I F A X , Friday evening, Feb. 24,1860.A dispatch from Ragged* Island, 24th, to the Post- uiasfei-General, eayetbatthe supplementary mail bags for Car rda and Now-York have been picked up and are in safety, but in a very damaged state, and areseven different parties for $87,000 each, and still three contrary, Baron Vay was sent back to. Vierina^topresent in both houses last evening.THE PRESERVATION" OF. GAME.Among the bills which excited most debate in the Senate last evening was that " For the preservation of "wild deer, birds, and fish.'-' Mr. Hammond, the author of two charming books on forest life-p" Hills, " Lakes and Forest Streams;" and " W i l d Forest " Scenery ; or, Adventures with the Rifle |and the " Rod"—books which Tjmell of the "leafy month ofJane," and bring the reader into the very presence of laughing streams and lofty mountains, speckled trout and spotced fawnE—engineered the bill, and carried it sue-eesfally through to a third reading.Mr. Hammond's bill provides as follows:That no person bhall kill :i deer Juiiu^ the months of January, February, March, April. May, June, and July, nnder a penaltyof 8520.That no person thall kill a fawn during tho timo of ita spottedcoat.' j. Ko person Khali kill any woodcock between the 1ft of January and the 4th of July In each year, or any partridge or rufled grouse between the 15th of January and the lxt of September, terday that of ore man, supposed to be a fireman. Tiie "or any quail (uornetimea called Virginia partridge) between the Ibt of Januaiy and the-lfith of October, or any wood duck be- Coroner is attending to tbcrh. Portions of thetoiail and tween the let of February and the lat of August in each year,cargo are being yet picked up. Anything further under the penalty of $2 for each and every otl'enHO.No pernon nhall kill nny prairie fowl or pinnated grouse in the transpiring to-r i^ot will be telegraphed in the moru- Sitite of New-York within live yeura from the passage of thisThe following is by telegraph to Fresno.SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 4—2 p. m.Arrived, ships Panther, from Boston, and Eagle, from New-Y ork.Bp6iuees is very quiet. Money not easy.The treasure shipment of Monday will be fair. Crushed Sugar 12-® 14c.Domestic Spirits drooping. There is no other changein the markets.The overland mail with St. Louis dates of the 9thFrom Our Owri Correspondent.Ar.BANY , F e b . 24, 1860.' The Legislature has returned from its temporary weather prevents working them.announce to the Ministry that the Protestant** were willing to accept tho projwsed measure, but only under the condition that the eight District* should meet once more, in order to sanction this ex-Contrary to the general expectation, a quorum was the flats and in gulleys.members of the Synod. So far>as we hear by pri- vate telegraphic dispatches, the Ministers at Vienna are provoked at this new demand, and are nop very willing to grant it, unless tho political pressure in- Italy should become stronger. The reign of terror is established in Venetia; hundreds of suspected citizens are imprisoned without legal form orltrial, and convoyed in fetters to the fortresses of Bohemia and Moravia. W e hear, on the other hand, that the troops are demoralized: that there are quarrels be-quarters of the mine are unsold. Thore is much spec-discovered there. Tho gold is coarse, and is found on spectorships, and to define the mode of election ofincluding all the principal store*. The lheolog.calpartially,.Urviuoilv. and even stupidly lateen, is the be?t item in F aglishfrnencial law^ That Mr. Glad-A frame buildiDg on. Franklin avenue, owned byIra Tripp, and occupied by T. P. Roach as a liquorBtore, took 4re about niidmght, and the building and narrowness of uiiDd. on his perk K b * had daredOude and Scinde find it outrageous that Franceif»w%^ »»*••rt-h.'i*!.t*J». »»¥'i«» www.fultonhistory.com 