 •.*; V;•-jusr-calledbandpome." —SenatorPcssendenofMainewrotethefollowing•-.•;-| n ;;: |stand lhe spirit of our institutions, it is designed to pro- lendingDemocrats,Ihavebeard-quoted;theStateJBmotetheelevationofmen. Iam,therefore,hostile;togoodforLincolnby20,000overDouglas^or60,000anvthingthatlendsto^theirdebasement.; -.over any other man. In Shawneetown, in 1856^there' were only five Fremont votes—there are now 127 •well-known and avowed supporters of Mr. Lincoln. In 18£8, Lincoln received a greawr vote in the State tban Douglas, and his majority would have beeu increased full 2,000, bad not the Democratic preponderance in 17 counties, in this section of the State, been so over- toweriig that no cardidates, for members of Assembly, woenominatedby-theRepublicans,andtbeyallowed the c.anvass-to go by default. In several well-defined Republican counties, I heard active Republicans com- plain that tbe campaign is in dangos of becoming spiritless for want of opponents, and it is acu Tent joke that they are about to have a «grand Jnint' to see iftivft wide-awake Democrat." . they can scare up a live wide-awake Democr:but we are of the opinion that he is frequently * bore* JT*pi>»«?boarelookingfortheelephant Johnv\<ntworthsaysthatit\*soarrangedthat.Mr.Seward can either have the mission to England, or be Secretarv of -Stole', when Mr. Lincoln shall be elected; andthiithey were still men of-noble impulses, and actuated by , r-<,.:r -, that t i c lag «U rhe Luiou nrote.-t* *>,«..,>a*m i€»: mWW.^-v'vi* ^ t '•torch-light processitli, and in d• tUm. , JART. 12. Sfc. 1. »o boi^€eror» neceo*ary demotrstrliUon of an-/! Anymemberwnorj:faxetorned•theoificess.orwhotleconductii -qairenient, s5;r»;j be liaHl»- to be -AHT. t&gSrry per«on ^ghte*v j Tuad will be govern**!I by thif f -i uponHMhstend;beeontideredaART,74.ThisCorslitutionmatwo-thirds:vote df tlie rcemne.-*fneeiuig, at which-n eotlfig IM,' 'h J*'W.si. •mmm KHHTHJALjINTELLIGENCE.Iprinciples,itwerebettertot%*causeoftruthandt?;vs,r> fc-eafcHSf ERA OF CORRUPTION—THB REPUB- LICAN P ARrY .tPMeapondeae? of The N. T. Tribune.NIAGARA FALLS, JuneI, I860.I nave accidentally fallen in here with T/*e Albm-wy Ercnivg Journal of Monday last, in which Ifind the following:•';%:&$& l l r 3*«Umelodious; but when at rest ho would not, I think, be is well received in Egypt. In the opinion of e^eral i-Viwbicb Phaye the right, to oppose it. As I under- bis friends from abroad. We do not speak advisedrv44* * Correspondence of-The N. Y. Tribune." ' WASKIXOTOX, May 20,13G* •*«Tb*excitements of the weefcovertbe PresidentSsdnominationard's total unavaUabUity as a candidate, by thesameparties,wasat4fnl*cpretense,"asisallied toexpreBs-inyentiresatisfaction'withthedoingsoftbelosethewholeNorth,whiletbecommonenemywould we)]asifriends.asamanofhonorandhonesty,•',I,tj« etillhavethesupportoftheentireSouth. Theques- lisjj;^blicandpoliticalactsthatshouldbecaJDedia tion in relation to men is different. There are good qiittx'itjfii; and, we think, he has much to answer for ia and patriotic men and. able'statesmen in the South, tluit Ji^e.l'' ... .• -whom I would willingly support if they would pbrcethemselves on Republican ground; but I shall opposetbe lowering of the - Republican standard even by a are demons)in ed jn>ome of the Southern joumabj byhair's breadth. '" I have written in haste, but I believe that I havePefcr&lvrg h>t<Uigcnccr apfoll<»W8: ABRAHAM LINCOLN." y*MR.SEWARD'SDEFEAT.Convention. Duty,however,willnecessarilydetain by Mr. Weed. There is ao inOMi8Htency what- 'me here, and I must therefore content myself wiili this ever between the two positions. The latter was expression of thanks for your invitation, and regretkavebeen very great at the Capital. * * . While. **J* the one mainly relied on and urged, because it was SfwaWT* ability and ser»lcea have been cbeerf«uly recvjju WKI,that I am Unable to meet your wishes.'*Good and true nien have been selected to bear.ourstandard. Mr. Lincoln will bear to the Executive chair great and unquestioned ability, a pure,heart and a spot- less character. — /—Mr. Everett's claims to be elected Vice-President . • , the republication of a long extract from bis famousthere w«a.» ptumithtg •^•i.umt, almost universal atnoujt*'*r M-wbets of both, Howie*, that it woo2d.be ImpowiWe to elect Mm. * * Altosctber, Imavsay.th* feeffr« atnon? the SepobScmnsofOvofpe*.withfewexception*.w«rathertnat,*f »ppreben*iow of hi* nomination th«n any other.Abda* hwt, wbeo tbe time came, an* it was aaaonneed that • tehMpaph* ba4 been re«ei»ed. s*yu»* that^Mr. Lin had been nominated by two majority over ^ ^ . S l S c ^ a S S S w>, * feeHn* of wSfef experienced, and *» expreaaiou^f g e n i a l •tof^ticp that^eiMd-to be " * g g £ ^ onc<) ^ ch,Je<, c fdeemed conclusive and, presented * positive aspecttbe potttidtoa andthe people..^Ct^T&^JttaiSataS. their tarnestwfrb.*; ^ f ^ K S t " t f l > r ^**. — ^questionablyJackson,;M.C,fromtheVlthDistrict,has made an tional quarrel cannot be reconciled, for neither party is wurd in tl at city, and every town in the county. The epistolary declaration of his sentiments. What he^TMacorreapondentofTirKTRiBrxit baa been at work at Wa«htorton.in M»h*-. «<» elsewhere,^ more than a year j*-«j©t»*ry again* Gov. Seward, not on tbe jrroand that he conld-BOt be elected, b«t because be was not ip •»• or of bis election. •'We queation noman's privilege t$ oppose whom he pleases, nor do we tarp*§n tbe motive* of m w but we do object to alla***&Jaepreten#e«, .•fMr. preeiey, Mr. Dana, Mr, TUco, &a, exercised a rbrht be- Jongio*. to all ©lector* and all Editor*. Haying triumphed, ft«y can afford *o ixvp the di*f^i»e. Tbcy bad a perfect right— wgTep*at—<o «ppoae GOT. Seward; bntit itisot right for hos-more than a stone's throw fronrNcw-York ci»y—may seem of little moment; but, inasmuch as N'ew-Jerscy isPresident. Cburles R. Ricliardo: • VicH-PrcBidents, Thou. Cole- nari, C"lc Ji Dei.io, Maitin 1. Towmeud, J- hn M. Landon, An- which finds no sanction either in law or' moialsJ Con- thony Lawton: Se'eretarteB, Wm. Uag«»n, Ueuj- H. HU11,GKO.gressional intervention for the protection of Slavery iui W. f)eirern, win. Madden, Edward McEnty.I am speaking adviaedly when I emphatically assert that, so Jar as heard from, the Opposition.of this Sta e ' There can be no doubt in any reasonable mind Are united in their snpport.of the. Cbigago nominees. There are barely t*^p men in this city known to advo-ernment, Mr. Hnmlin, I can say more. I have" knownji-niries to the\ea. On it sire emblazoned in letters of living light our sacred creed of human rights and equaljpohey.that we are entered in this country upon what may be fairly termed the Era of Corruption in the ad^ anifcistration of public affairs. W e have reached it by rapid, and in stme sort, natural stages. Notcate the Bell and Everett ticket.Tbe honorable and conwtientions supporters of •Mr.Filhuore in 1856 are not disposed to. again submit to the tdaodis1 ments of corru|* po.iiical wire-pullers, and have their votes made to aid their bitterest enemies;speak in the spirit, nay, almost in the language of oar Roman leader, when 1 say, follow that banner and its•that AH tbe /corruption of mankind has at Once more esp«-cially, »s recent developments at WashingtonAway with all private griefs and vain regrets. Close States and equal rights to every citizen of each State. diden oS the two classes of society 1 These are opinions I hate- up. the ranks and let the cry be onward. .Let our Wh) have we always incorporated/in our platforms Ivity th\riaintd, aniklang since publicly prof'cssed on this suJb- wat'hword be the noble motto of our Empire State, anti-tank and anti-tariff resolutions ? Simply because jrc't, ami f&hith 1 litre repeat in answer to the intimation to E-xcehior. We have, done well in times-past—let us a great moneyed monopoly, necessarily must favor a whUh Mdle already alluded. But, Sir, when Slavery comes toIcentered upon our time, but circumstances have•have recuced tliis matter to a certainty. 'Tbe friends of Mr. Seward in this State are many,do better—and let the Ides of November find 'he faith- few at the expense of the many, not dispensing its enter ihw'Constitution as a political element^ when it comes toconspired to give it a remarkable development at andalmost all men of first-class mini*,and thoroughly this jteriodv I oowfidently assume that the muni- imbutd with tbe principlts ol progressive Democratic*L" Portland?M.ay, 1860." '" SAMUEL -PESSENDEN.ful Republicans of New-York, as ever, in the van of the Republican aimy." *blei-Bings equally to the States or to citizens of the same atJ.et tha .dUstribution'of power among the States of the Union,, thbl it afn»8tter of agreement. If I make an agreement on thit* State, and because a tariff for protection necet-sardy subjectJ will sdheie to it like a man; but 1 wiJl protest against' intelligent reader. Attbipjuncture,tbeRepublicanpartyhasrisent o a prcaniwent position in the country, and claims to be able to take possession of the National Gov-State at Large.Of the three daily English pajwrs published here, two—The^Mercury *and Aclvtrtispr—support Liucolo ernment. Its fundamental principles of govern- and Bamhn, while The Journal does not go'LincolnW K . SBAOUTST.. •"•'.••"' A. J. YOAKUM., '. " A .ment have been often and clearly expressed, aad and Bamli'Q, nor Douglas either; bat is-exceedingly are perfectly well known. Its theory of admiias- patriotic, and anxious to do tbe Stare some service byaiding to elect s^me sound, high-toned, energetic, a'id 4*atsotthas been far less distinctly understood, and economical Democrat to the r/residency—/ames Bu-chanan, for instance.Until quite recently, two German daily papers were14nan never bem authoritatively promulgated.Now,inthe^Republicanparty,asiueveryother publishedhere;butone,.aDemocraticsueet.,hasl»<?enat Jerusalem, there need he heard not even the sound of-a-hummer to drive it iu its place, much leas will itparty coming suddenly into prominence, there are individuals belonging to different schools on this question of administration. There are those who bold to loose maxims of official conduct; who bo- £eve in the virtues of lavish expenditure; who, inobliged to roost lower, and is now issued semi-weekly. The Sew-Jersey Freic Zcitung is a German daily ofmuch iufluence, with an increasing;circulation. I t supports the Chicago nominations efiectiveiy. Tne re- fieciive portion of the Germans are all Republicans, or very easily made such; for, while they hive an endur- ing remembrance of the causes that"sent theui fromthe people of pur State were made aware of the fact; If there is a secret clan-on our soil, at work undermin- ing onr institutions, let it be traced up, the vail that bides it torn away, and let the people visit upon it thelaieol the rattlesnake's den. . - .Or if these men went to Chicago and presentedWashington af? to the probable result of the election insaid he.! " That's pretty high," said some one in the stone to i'all from its place; If it be again rejected at. the maxims of common prudence and honesty been gression." :."'".citizens to teltlein the Territories with their property, the interefteof the country, was in a union with the it denies the power of Congress or a Territorial govern-delegates from that, district, and upon closing, hisoj tins Unfit d. W«jif.Did johta iip. Ciilln un himself," 8ays the writer msLestoje$i'>-b pjd the couple carbc to pbih«MIso unscrupulously disregarded as by the present National Adminisiration, and by various State and Municipal Administrations as well.—The Hor^. J. Thompson, Secretary of the Interior, baa writteu his letter in favor of a formal a ioprion byment to destroy or impair the rights of property; andthere is but one sensible application now to be made of Curtis and the nOminees-^-Lincoln and Hamlin. ito language or hs principles." . Although Mr. Seward was a month ago the choice,thc W;i«;e-A wakes of HartflirdrConu., have just reor- "* » wit-ytw/wj*,-^ v / " t - » '•*.•»*' *»'y)ntT<fat*$«rf «*•*,..—•other has beeu withheld., it was from motives ofthemselves as delegates without any authority, let that brief, believe in plundering generally as the most " fatherland," tljey need only to be shown truthfully be known. Let the people of Texas know the mencoin must receive 70,000.",that the Hiqv^ohn Covode, M. C , declines arenomi- nation. '. • ••not room to copy it.—Weetcheoter County is stirring.,Under the aus-bury its fangs in her vitals and then in like manner de- stroy h'T sister States. -It has l;een asserted in .the Northern papers time and again that there was a growing Free-Soil element in Texas, and they have looked forward to the day when a belt of free soil should be made from Kansab to thekind treatment, woulU far-better answer the ends of:tions adopted: •'" Bet cited, That the Constitution of the United States recog- nizes i-lavee as property, and that neither C'ongr«ss nor a'T ern- toriol.Lepjf.l(.t'.re has the right to legislate it into or abolish it from aTenitory.—A large Bell and Everett meeting was held inNew-Orleans on the 30th|ult. Christian Rosetius'pre-teni of qua*! HJavejy but above all. 1 have seen here on tftii .>JaVe>Yt < nlineut, end hi these United States, iho origioal lorda of the .id' in tilesB-,il subdue |~i«on e.of th.-m re<'iu-eu t-> elaverj-. others expelled, d;iven out. and tl-e remnant stiil in subordination; and all thii under ».n it-ferp.Tet<'tioi» ol ih- liw of Nature, which holds good at this doyjfam'ongour Northern brethren: and 1 have yet in le^ervetbel -gartattael to which 1 have alrcadv alluded—r.bTee n.iilious of herAfthao race, whose labor is subject to the will oC musters. nri3«aRiach < brcumstaneosthat 'heir condition cannot beNature."liere^is apother:Sir, mai ting all the allowance for American enterprise and th*energies of ree laoor uuacr su -n a system ol tree governmem ;•-• ' n-e labor under su -h a system of free Koverniwe einoy, ) fdnnbt whether the power and resources of the country would hart attained rm.re than half their present extraordinarypices of the County Club the Republicans of West- chester County are to have a grand rati ic*rion meet- ing at the old Court-IJouse, in White Plains, to- morrow (Wednesday) morning, at. eleven o'clock. Horace Greeley and other well-known Repnblicans are to address tbe meeting. The call invites not only the Republican electors of the county, but all who are opposed to the present sectional Administration, to be present.—A correspondent in Dansville, N. Y., writes that on the evenii g of the 30th ult. the Republicans of that vicinity held a ratification mteting, which raised their hopes to a high point. After hearty speeches and the adoption of >€t)olutions cordially indorsing the nomina- tion of Lincoln and IJamlin, the meeting broke up with cheeruand generaJ enthusiasm. Our correspondent says: "This-town is emphatically the Democratic cormrof old Livingston, and the Republicans knowandfeeltha;theymusticork,inoidertobesuccessful next Fail; that they are prepared to do. They know that here, as well as elsewhere, all. will depend on our energy and faith in our nuceees, and.let me assure you these qualities are not wanting here "—Another Georgian in the field 1 Henry L.- Be-ning,ChairmanofiheVSeorgiadelegationatCharles-morality and right, tblfei the present mistaken and in- human policy of onr Government."—In his speech at the ratification meeting at Spring-4speakers in the country.the .'Tennessee Resolution,' or. some equivalent. I t November elections." .{•ecu pt,j,.,ttld U. exist a,.dprosper from the beginning among men andnatkns is contrary to Itis will." ^biscelebrated "Scarlet Leuvr." What he meant to*et forth in tba; document was, " That parties Jvou!d—The Republicans of Richmond County hold'a largetional ground, on which to adjust uubaupy differences and enthusiastic ratification meeting at the Village of '•;#r ? 2 r W r ? " secured in tcause them to c*a*e their pitiful scramble for the spoilsnoble men, »nd worthy of the high placesfor whichadmits of'only one fair construct ion, when considered\ t s our institutions, from a stinging and world- " Good faith now requires the Democratic party un- overthrowing the corrupt Democracy and reforming nominated t«y the Richmond Convention.me bad been staving-wide reproacb, all good Republicans should uniteheritaungjy to march up to this authoritative1 exposi- the Administration of tue Government.tion of the Constitution. A triumph over the Repub- —A stirring Republican ratification meeting was held—An eminent Msmber of Cvngress f om Pennsyl- distinyiiiBhed' Senator. Several influential citizens, their exanipjji: •.;:>';; • • .w a 8 s e a t t o t h e H ^ « o f l i e t 1 % be communicated- P r o f . Pierce of| Harvard gland :oWndtUpummerru-Col. 'C,«'. clmpbeU, ..onbjj Memphis AvalankU^ «* v u at Colombia, TbnL His nathj and bis life was} ttrc.—The in&krnen Of PhUatVU'J noarlv gono on Sjinday. . Fijr customed to mat© their Umylowihg a born. rAn old act^ iug t b i noik on tbe Sabbatln | totbefcate bf on4 mUkrmm. wall others ]wouldi:be served IU1PhilallelpV? is in a mild tvrwo^leariithe^Tcw-York.ail14.-.:-to briug back the Government to the honest dis- licans without litis avowal, is an unmeauing victory. at La Crosse, Wis., on the 28th ult. The Hon. C. C. charge of its, legitimate duties. The agitaiou of this question of SlaveryWill nevervania writes that, " T h e speech of Gen. Cameron lately made at thewho have hitherto acted with other political organiza-tions, participated in this meeting, and itis known that'. \\W- rUKAMULE. , '•' ' • .' "-;We, tlKMinderHigned, youKg u.en of tho City of Hartford, desi- rous of >vftir<ii-githeasct-ndaucy and perpetuity of tho principl«ao. thohei)ublHar,(pitity<-and the election of it» candidatea fo forthat the Chicago Convention, while unquestionably strtjigf i/with tbe people, with this sound, couservartive, manly avowal, than they would be by shrinking rwx'gmxmg the fact of the conflict in question^ did and frkuiking from tne issue."his c<nduct in Congress,'was unanimously adopted. ' addiesfed by Mr. Brownell, and finally adjourjied at "a had be believed that he would have carried Pennwl-and the Uni.ion ltWof,loftpjpbtppiisyi'iiit.o interference with Slavery ha the States-where itjn^v h-jrully exists, and onr unqualified and una! tciiihle dr-tcin.inat'ion to resist by allr coiistittitionul meaus i u further extcnsiolpliand pledge ourselves to usoaUhouorublemeafti*resist tbe pressure upon it to put the lead of theparly into hands that it was feared would havewielded it in defiance of the maxims of purity,—At some of the countless Republican meetings now the Bell and Everett tick?t in Massachusetts; "will Mertingtlat Mr. Seward could never have carried•• j ,'."—In correcting some fabe and injurious statements' lor (h* succe»* and triumph of the Itepubhcunparty and of thointegrity, and economy. It mayseemharsh to jority..use these terms, but the truta will bear its%wn —At a Democratic mass meeting in Memphis, Tenn.,gates to the Convention, and others. Now, when theyhave acted on hid opinion, he repudiates them, aid con-usedthefollowing,admirablelanguage:" When we conu'der uho Judge-Dotiglns is—thai beweight. Toe party did, mainly by jnecessity, butthe other day„ •*' Col. T. C. Hindnian of Arkansas lutions instructing the Massachusetts delegates to thetradicts all the representations made by tUOitj at Chi-cago-. His motives are hard to discover. The facts is a distinguished Senator of the United States—that, he ::.(nibers, Rtek tn ptnU\ tin object xvt fottb in the preamble.partly by deliberate re*olve, purify itself at the Sovereignty bantling of Mr. Douglas, and strangled sta/t from complications and imputations that what little was l«fc of the little monster."[-.ol live, tii.d.ati Aujti'or ot Acoomits.letter to a Republican ratification meeting at BaUalo Pr« sidential candidate, he wrote the foliowing excel- world-wide renown—it is most extraordinary that h AKT. 4. 3fjn oucaaion of pttblic parade this Association shail be—-*mtswmmmrighteousnessthaiHshouldnotwin,butw«t..I f b n t a comparatively few were found to ex- letter to the late Republican ratification meeting in. u It is well known that I deplore fhe oppressed con-dition of the blacks, a^td it would, therefore, bo veryinconsistent for mo io look with approval upon any measurethatinfringesupontheinalienablerightsofrjilledMr.ThnrlowWeedhereashorttimesince.We> while men, whether or" not they are bom in anotherpress these ideas in advance of the Chicago nom-ination, it was because the public mind had;notbeenturnedtothem. Butbecause theywereen-tertained and expressed by some, it is the bight ofinjustice to%ege that the affirmation of Mr. Sew*Portland:« W ASHINCTON, Mav.23,1860." M Y D E A I I S I R : I should like, of all tilings, to be •withyouonthe30th,andtohelp you ratifythenom- inations. Apart'from the pleasure of being at honie.at this pleasant season of the year, I should ho happy lo congratulate, my friends in person upon the favorable auspi es wilh whiclv we* commence the campaign, andiifflr^iMcis that this was the object in view whichPER*tbte. fi rstof manifest truth\If the public discussion of the' ,answered vour quest ions'substantially. bly netv;to many of our readers, we copy it from TlieJimSXrf m Wm^X^m^^^^^^m^Smmmmm.fyt parade.vA*m-lh-Heball fc tbedotT" You all know Mr. Hamfin, and nothing I'can sayall right-judging mind-s be esteemed a merit, and ieerved and faithfully. Our State feels a just pride in fication meeting on Friday night, and organizeddelicacy and prudence, and such reticence will, by will add to his reputation witist&oso whom he has long- —The Republicans of Troy, N. Y., held a rati-" Itetpeclfully yoazu,—AnotherGeorgianwithaletter!' TheHon.j.Iticfajt*tbyihwt thec<>ntlern6nfromNorthCarolina(Mr;Siun-notacauseofreproach.. J.s.P.TBE PROSPECT S NEW-JERSEY. . Correapondence of The JS. Y. Tribune.such,ason^and.noblywillshevindicatethehotorcon- for the. coming,.contest.."Tbe Central Republi-ferred-onherthrongh.him. . •" can Club,"whichisto.haveauxiliaryclubsinevery " The Democratic part}--is rent in twain. Its sec-i '• If iber'! arc-<biy iii>7»ber» in thU Hopw* of that clawr of poH- d«-Tn)(allndt-d,a«havingthedinpofitionthongh notth«powerto>dbturb the comp-;r«.rl'i^e contained iu the ConKtitntion oi Coniititntion on thiiejil\St1:.i.-* NjEWAitx,^ . J., Jane 4, 1860.contending for truth, either in principle or practice; officers of the Central Club are as follows:wants.is • ' •more both—recommend them to adjourn' the Rich-and no compromise can relieve the difficulty. Squatter A formal ^arTCSpondence from this section—li'tle (not Popular) Sovereignly is a transparent fctlutcy,the Tenitories is based upon an unwarranutble as- We may be sure that Rensselaer county will do its expected to play no small pait iu tbe coming campaign, sumption of judicial power over a . question not sub- duty in. behalf of Lincoln and Hamlin.York has promifed to do if we return. If weareagaiu than tiiaii I *ould cene the whole continent to any one who de- eived, then demand of tbe Old Dominion, North wr.iildialce it—to England to France, to S p i n ; I would-, see it Carolina, Tennessee, Kentucky, and Missouri, to Hunk Jn iibe bottom of the occ-un before 1 v/ould ton any partof till* fine AumrlcA converted into a comhiental .Hayti, by choose between a united South upon principles sound that av-'fai pror^H* of bloodshed and desolation by which alone—ihevtlemKlves being the judges—and having ab- Bueb «c«faalrt>pbe could be broujtbtpn The great relation «/. road)'by their votes at Charleston pronounced them . iiervitvd^tfl ion.t'form or other, with greater o~ lest departure* tound, io choose between these sound principles and from &t theoretic equality rif man, i* inseparable from our ra*.vsome interest may properly attach to the general indi- mitt ed for judicial decision, and is abhorrent to the prin-—At a great Republican ratification meeting at Buf- falo, on Thursday last, John L. Talcott, esq., who pre- sided, spoke as follows of our candidate for the Presi- dency: j"In Abraham Lincoln we shall find a President who will neither attempt to corrupt the press or bribe the representatives of the people. His is a nomination incations hereabout.One of your cotemporariee has given publicity to aciples on which our Government is founded.. We op- pose to both of these heresies the uniform construction given to the Constitution by those who made itf; the long-established practice of the Government, and the eternal principles of Justice. ' .falte impresbion respecting Gov. Olden, to the effectthat be would, support the Bell and Everett ticket.When the Governor first/saw or was informed of thereport, be very clearly indicated that, that was his first prehensive, looking to tbe rights and interests.of theti< v. W kii<JW of no way Op which the form of thit servitude shall he fir\d,fjvt by political institution. DomeoUc Slivery, thongh "I<:onf««« riot iiutt form of mjrvit-ude which wem? to be the most b«'R«fiMt:):tothe master—certninly not that which in moat bene- lict'bi to (he flave- is v<.t, in my judgment, to be set down ajt an im- moralwnd irreligious nlation. Irannotadwit tl^at religion hail b»,t oriie vlolc*-1<> the clave, and that th;» voice i», 'Rbto a*rairwt your riUjjiter.' KH, Sir, the New Twtamcnt say*, ' 81B.VM. obey y»»iir rnaHer;' ai»d though I know 'full well that in tbe benignant ot.crouori of Christianity wi.ich gatbecd master and tdave aroundm respisrJted. Miss "V"or!t tau^iWinid±or,as ehe had done pi in other places. She v . girl;] had a good '< educati. Lad (a little sum of her oday.] She w*as esteemed 1 "r had b< en engaged to l&r. Is than half aycar^bougb M friends about jher'approa; more than one occasion dui said that ehe| would n*vc ' l would occur! to prevent it. g to a laly acquaintance who expected marriage with : it upon t/bich she was workij oecask n of the marriage, wl- tbatslie woaid be* laki out bad also stibf|e<ruently r«<-jne: rioua things to pfr. Loomis preggee a dcs|r"e| tbat if sbe j in ber ivcddijjigjlress. A po*'• made, conducted by Dre. Kelt field, and Hamlin of JEa^t Grdkstomach, the presence of pnj--*rmanifest by its powerful anjti .toreunanimously.deciotdt|; by prussic acid, and ah«o tbj; instantaneous poison had hi j::aJoweriinitsworkbyprobalj1 tbeair. i>r.BieingOf8«44 thefactof|thepjrt^enceofpru. and tbore can be no doubt tr* suicide. JT[ut| fdr jwhat re.i Her incxplicaibld afet l^as pin- into the) deepest dbtress, wh acter of itbaa aroused the inifznaniiy where she!lived.-• i•—AltthoUnimrianfestival. day the Rev. .James JETreem4atSity to aaaome tbe goiae of friendship.I do not quote this to embark in any personal knowledge of thefaet; and seemed disposed to estimate whole people, and with such gallant'and noble leaders, every way eminently ' fitto be made.' Shall any ofdebete, thonga nnjustty assailed as guilty of <* false it as a piece of unreliable intelligence. There is an at- "pretenses;" an allegation which I distinctly de- | traction of affinity in that general integrity and m*nli- JK'SS common to "him and nonest Abraham, that will not admit of his casting his vote in aid of the Democratic which Mr. Weed quotes. But I wish to make it party. This inav be relied upon, all assertions to thevictory imibt wait upon our banners, for no patriots' can.:us then hesitate or falter in our present duty amid use-ay, and'Which is utterly refuted in the letter frommot>t,'zealous to show their devotion to the principlesThe following is an extract from tbe letter of Mr. of which he. was to us the illustrious exponent. tion of knowing that we have exhausted every eftbrt the H8gi«»'!eonimuiifon table thi» unfortunate in«titutionr diaap-thetextofafewooser^ations of much more im- nori*nce than any personal controversy can be, inasmuch as they touch vital questions of publiccoMtrary, notwithstauding. "Alost of your readers will bear in mii>d that Gov. Olden was a compromise can- didate of the two win*js of the Opposition, and his ex- ample will doubtless find s >:ne imitators.Samuel Fefsenden, in whose office Mr. Hamlin was a to induce our brethren to. follow the pillar of fire and p<-ar^d|fi>Euroj.-e. yetl cannotadmit that'while it xab«i*ta ita du- Behold our standard-hearer, there lie stands on the of cloud with-us. • ties or« hot presupposed and Hat.ctioned by religion. And thoughstudent. This was alsowritten for the Portland meet- outermost verjjo of the Republican platform, erect and " Thus'in the eyes of all right-thinking men at home I cc-rtait.ly on/ no' cajlt-d upon to meetl the charges brought" In such a contest, with a platform broad and com-fail touphold it. Xourfrieud, - •••-41 W. P. FESSENDEN."less, regre.is for the past? No, rather let those whowere most disappointed in the man of- their choice be:unflinching, bearing aloft in his stalwart hand the proud agahntSiihl* it&titntion yi't truth oiligen rile to say a word\moregonfalon of pur party/its folds stretching from tne and abroad, the cotton States will be strengthened, and on the fubjVct. 1 know the condition of tne working chimes himg" Of the candidate for the second office in the Gov-! very truly,"many a " Godspeed " will go up from honest hearts all oihcr cln utjies; I am intimately acquainted with it'in some over the land, as we determine to have equality in the Other c|irjJa»V*; and I have.no hesitation in saying that I feelievo :theslawMMi.thiiseopniry arc better clothed and fed, and le«» him personally from early life, and am proud to say justice, for which we have so long fought, and with Democratic organization, or the great principle oa. badly woilki d. than tbe peasantry of some of the most prosper-thai lie was a student at.law in my office. .His charac- ter has always been such, as a man of integrity and talent, as in my judgment renders him a prdper candi- date for the office to which he has been nominated. Believing that he will do great honor to my native State in performing tbe duties of that important office, and having the most perfect confidence in his; talents and integrity .of principle, I most cOrdially unite ia theratification of his nomination." Most respectfully, your obedient oervarit,which we have so often, triumphed. I know that 1 which that organization is based out of it. That great ous f-tn'ipi of the coUh.ent of Europe To considerthe cht-ck*—The Houston Telegraph"TM afflicted by the tidingsexhausted tbe agricultural States to fertilize manufac- on> infeflencen lieing li^ade ftom it of the kind which was made —Senator Sumner wrote the subjoined letter to the turing districts, and in the manufacturing States them- by the hftuoral-ie mover of the resolutions."§'.]Bepublicanifm, thouuh tl»ey do not by any means comcipal government of New-York City, the legisla- prise all the talent nor all tbe force of tne*purely Ke-'/ that Texas' was (nominally) represented in the Chicago ratification meeting at Buffalo: ' • selves forces the farmer to pay more money for the The fiitetlvgcnccr says this ic a bold and manly vin-tion of New-York State (as well as some other publ'Can party. Tbe nomination of their representa- Convention. Here is its " splurge:". • ;" SENA TE CHAMBER, May 30, 1860. iron in his piow that his neighbor, the iron monger dicatioiiuf the lights of the South. gfcates), and the action of Federal authority duricg tive man would have brought these friends into the THETEXASBLACKREPUBLICANS. " D K A R S I K : My duties here will not allow irie to may get n.ore for bis iron.field with a vim, and at. personal eacrib'ces tnat would " A wound and a dishonor xhall they get, and their reproach he with yon at Buffalo;, but .1 shall unite with you in " Ihat is just what you, my dear sir, and your col- TtibEi/hn/or.d Whig is engaged in proving that the two past Administrations, are so well known doubtlt 88 have astonished some people; but that is shall not be wiped ouay.". every generous word uttered for Freedom, and in every leagues, demanded at Charleston—your rights to Mr Bef|| sound, in a Southern sense, on the question tothepublicthatthisdeclarationwill,without;nai-ted.ThenominationofMr.Lincolnwasexceed- Atlastwehavethenamesofthosepersonswhore-pledge«JenthusiasticsupporttotheRepublicancandi-GeoigiaastoMassachusettsinourcommonland—thexooro elaborate proof, pass unchallenged by the ingly well received, and is every day growing into presented Texas in the Chicago Convention. They dates. • ,'"'.•••• fight Of the Georgia soldier in Mexico, to .whom the of SlavJrft and we must say tbat it succeeds in pro-favor with allelasses of the Opporjfcion. The idea of nominating a man for the Presidency possessed of hon- et-tyat»aleadingcbaraeterh-ticisaperfect"stunner" totheI>emocfac>^andif.theyrecoverintiaiefortheir BaJiimore Convention, they will be lucky.ale as follows: ." We have a Platform of noble principles, and candi- Government granted bounty land, to work it with the ducing M e \ery striking and even surjirising extracte dates, each of whom, through his well known princi- slave he inherited from his father, and the same right from bis! s^ieechea. First, from a speech on the Com-J. DcjrnATrHENDKitso.v,JAMKSSCOTT, FlTCU.plesandhi«integrityofcharacter,isaPlatformin oftheMassacbneettVeohiierto'woikitashepleases,J.S.STKAC8S.E . J. GAIUUSOX,J. E. CiUNDUsn,•First Secondti.jTomiBejn&asuresin1850;We give them for the purpose of asking our cotem- poraries everywhere in the State to report where they live, who they are, and what is to be done with them.W .HATCVKY:»District. District.••••".CHARLES SUMNER" A s to ibi|;)awfli li, e'gu or sinfulness of the institution of Strrv-Gulf. The fact that there were representatives from field, Mass., on Wednesday last, the H#n. George Texas inlheir Convention will encourage them in that Ashmnn spoke of Abraham Lincoln, as follows:notion. Perhaps these very representaiives are the " I know Abraham Liocobi well. 1 sat with him in sided, aid the gallant Eandall Hunt was the piincipalemissaries of that? party who are seeking to accom- Congret-s, and a truer or more loyal man never held a speaker. ;splish that result. It is evident they must have taken a deep interest in politics to have gone so far as they did to be present at the Chicago Convention. It is for Texas to take action in the most decided manner, and fhow her a pieciation of those who have sought to disgrace her fair fame.Editors of Texas, inquire for these men. Give theirseat m the House of Representati ves. You may say heis not the handsomest man in the world, but we did —The political journals of North Carolina wouldnot nominate him for ball-room purposes. We wanted feem to be in a bad way^ The' Ncipbcrn Progressit I-thif hear him no mot .-r tti:< t, fThis was the first time be had ever participated ought to sath-fy the South. It is a moderate, constitu- in a Republican meeting. In cutting loosefrom theTl.ih. in frjoip.tb'e s:.n.e speech;American party,- he wished to cast no insinuationsoftleuo,tin.-h.eldbysomeol- the mostdUtfaitiby mutual concession. It bus been criticized as am- " iguished champi-cease till this end is attained; and I am firmly per- Wa*b>>urne addressed the meeting wjth great effect. ratification meeting at Ilan iebiug is deemed most ex:- oilicrS will follow their example in giving their sup- trabrdinary by tbose who.know the facts, lie thereolhce to all j.iuct m oi'. hluo-nuor and trust in tho .'Government, do I t is a mo*t gratifying and hopeful circumstance fcuaded that the Democratic party of the North will be A resolution of thanks to tire Hon. John H. Pptter, for stated that be dei-ired the nomination-, oj Mr. Seward, port to the ticket. The meeting was also appropriately hen l>y.vxjihci'.iyj]decla;e onur eiitin* devotio^ t tho Constitutionholding in Michigan, tbe platforms for the speakers are constructed of rails. The State is good for,25,000 ma-unquestionably sweep all before it in the Fait election."—There is to be a Douglas demonstration in Boston nextWednesdayevening. Is^acDavisofWorcester is to preside, and an effort will be made to adopt reso-of Judge Donglas, in their great di-cuss&n in Illinois, feat. This we know was the language held to: dele- •two year* ago, Mr. Lincoln, in one of*>his . speeches,Clectioa of its Clihdidtttes to oflice.'i j CO^STITVTXOS. '',.>• Am.-l. Tboniibe/of this Association shall be " The Jtonubli-cunVVide-A-va*e.J|of1\HIt'oi<1."AI#T. 2. The Astociation shall, by meetings held under Us di-hi ought his giant strength to bear upon the SquatterNational Democratic Convention to vote'fbr Douglas. —Halloo! The (Ton. H. J. Raymond baft written a.are beyond'doubt.'.'.—Long before Mv. Lincoln ever expected to bo aa man of -loyal heart, and we found him in AbrahamLincoln, And another reason. He is a Western man.t=iiyR that "never have we Keen so much vituperation,brbjj p to come, in thefland, or speak a different language from my own. ' " In respect to a fusion, L am in favor of it whenever it can be effected on Republican principles, but upon no other condition. A fusion upon any other platform would be as imane.as unprincipled, it woulcl therebynoticed in a paper, not hmglsince, a statement ia jcgard. to Mr. Lincoln keeping a grocery when a yourjjg b.'an. Whatever may be the truth or falsity of ibis, w> think it ill-timed^ Mr. JJncolu is highly eetejnied in bis private character wjherever known. Ee IHconsidered by *jen of all parties, political foes as-—BjffitOri,»6W|principle is as simple as it is broad—covering e very- on population, read Malthas. What keeps population down? State of the Union and every citizen of every State. It PoveiljK-'.want, starvation, disease, and all tbe ilia of lift) It is these t.Kafc t-hef k population tJl over the world. Now, the slave brave and trusty bearer into the thickest of the fray. is nothing more nor less than the equality of all the jio) uJatl'-w, in the Uiiited fc'tates iiicrea»eM faster than the white, n/df-tertlini-luded. What is 'he inference as to the'pbysicitl 6on-y"Acceptmythanks,forthehonorofyourinvita- bothinthecommonterritory;and,if.ahundredgo- ety,-uhehtj^lfr«rizji-dorfranticpriests,ormorelearnedandra-himself.tion, and believe mo, Dear Sir, faithfully yours,andthedutyofthecommonGovernmenttoprotectthere-from Massachusetts,'and but ten from Georgia, ttohs.) dlv&ea'ju-ay preach; whatever they may afn'rm of Chria-an utter denial of the right of the hundred to drive tiun prcC'-Lts!»f mOr»l»ao«l religious duties and respociibilitien, out the ten. wb«tever [iraijHTprctati'.n of the l*w of Nature or of Almightytrod the v hjmj announce; wh-'tcver d'o'trines or theoriea of the Thus, what you demanded at Charleston ia a • equality o||iwman rifiifs and of the various races of mankind, through that city on Monday lust, en route for Wash- stone that fits the Democratic temple; it s<rmires per- diveri-iriedjfi»|:th<-y are bv complexion, by physical formation— The Utica Telegraph saysthat Mr. Seward*1passedington. Some one jisked- him what be would, say in •that, like thdSe with which Solomon built the templePaltirooie, ' the stone wbieh the builders rejected shall become the head of tlie corner' at Kicbmond, and ' the latter tenijde will exceed the glory of the former.' "They have evidently presented themselves' to anAbolition Convention as representing a party in thisState. They went, there as delegates, divided off intoclasses, four'being from the State at large and two fromeachdistrict. If"thereisaBlackRepublicanorganiza-•thisState. "IwillputLincoln'smajorityat70,000," jarany.partofthefabric,orcauseasingleother tion in Texas, as this seems to indicate, it is high timeand n •ntiM^vi-l.ii.rnent the ciscipteg of a*trenscendental creed o; at y ki»^ -m.a« hold.or teach; bowevex they may dogmatize upon this 1 jibih< sis,, nnd declare it to 'te a violation of the h%w of Natur- Lvai.y o/ e r a t e ; with whatever superiority of mental or physi<cl1 ficnlus lbey may be ea'da<-d to subjugate those of aninieti-r (-ft,andmake.themtheinstrumentsofhnprov«,raent one .-ime'.io Miu their ow>, coodi ion, and iu that of the maa- te S8),d fu: i rom. <n earrj-ins forward tbe great .work of civil- izftioj-—un we shall be enlightened by revelati >n from a higlier sourjjjSjjit) au themselves, 1 must claim the privilt-ge of fo- t<ipn tingflbBJjbrw.of Nature bv what f s^e revealed in the his- tory i f njiiUkind lrom tbe e».rliesi peri<>d of recorded time, un-crowd, " How do you figure i t ? " " W h y , Michael McQnade'said I. would certainly have 50,000 in this State, if nominated, and Greeley asserted that, any- body else could get 20,000 more than I, therefore LinTon the late Theodore.thelelativepwitionBofthetwogreatpoliticalparties, —TheSavannahRepublicanisopposedtosending mont"andJwndn.oidofElindoo,Egyptian,Ajssyrian,Jowishr beetideaoftruthLandright,an certainnethodofcompactingandvitalizingaandthechoiceisvoluntarilyandimmediately,madeinwhohavenofoullyslanderedourStateastorepresenttherecapturednegroesbacktoAfrica."Whenonce.—TheChicagoPressfyTribunehaspublishedaO'rf-ek,and.Romancivilization.ILaveseentheinstitution nowihm,beiskoaeLandweparty. On the other hand, there are those who that Anti-Slavery ism has a foothold here, and to claim reeocnized bj'ljthe theocratic government of the Jews, the choaen favor of Freedom's great progressive ciuae. for.it on that account the attention of tbe Abolitionists. landed on our shores, it is trne economy and humanity pamphlet edition of the proceedings of the National <i«positnrie4' of the vv' [ <;t jLifo, by Demoeratic Athens, anderatic p<jad in tbdatrtfefa of Bo» never hear his voW algain. and inp;, vivid words wbitjh came t the hoi blood Ofa manly hcan, qnite rind ettyi i« the I words j. Hae addreeeed to nai .Mf'eace b In many: thingb h^ differed U/jif-ditfered f>om mm{but), after 6. bodv. If he went ifurther. a i -?veat awav frcim jus; still he M-ditiosi ftnd he behteved mmseW| -vvhicbhe had %ef\ !t*lI?ht ^"n\ He was a thorough speumen y of a rosjilvKew-tepglaodmr.r wanly heart and maul}' mteh-fl: all tbe great prpblt-ms of im. i openly his word, as ^}o 1gave i «ide this (what all db not kno^ tender heart—With ]a femmu-j with a heart wbt'b. p'ertli those he loved we sballl *ort disbelieveinsuchmethod*,andwhoholdfirmlyto Tbeoutmgeisdeepandblack..Letthosewhohavetoletthemremain,tobeincorporatedwiththeRepublicanConventiontakenverbatimbyphono-B«-j,ul'lieanR<>me.1haveseen,upontheoverthrowofRomanN —This is the reason of eloquence; but of all the ten perpetrated it receive their due reward. -Jn/liitr xuavugeiuaul/ OX Himm IOTW. the only .ja.o* thousand political speeches which it hu lately been Or, if further, these imm did not go from Texas at A law providing for turning Ithem over to the Govern- gates to the Convention, from all the States and Terri-eh:l:2ttk>n •yjthe savage hordes of tbe North, rhat these new niasteXrOf IVfetoin Europe and their successors udoj>b;d and continued to uphold the same institution, tinder various.moditi- cstious »\dbpt*ff lo the changing couditiou of both slvee and rua*- ter,-Bud stil .under an advuntitig civilization, until a cornpara- t'-vely r»'teiit JpeJiod I s e e t h e same iustit-itian tolerated and ms'intpinediihflEuhiern Europe at this dny. I sec the native race-the befjef that strict integrity and a wise economyrule, in public as in private concerns. And the St>:te in the camp of her enemies,'let that be known, ors of the Southern States in which they may be tories.ODx oui-y iv ixmo, itmi of C*»I OebuxX vf Wiactmain, all, hut hav*» misery attempted to' 'represent a loyal truth is that an incipient conflict has existed in tbe made at Miiwaukee htst Wednesday, is perhaps the and. let not Texas wear the disgrace of having a ser-,.landed, and by him to be disposed of in such manner —At a Democratic meeting,in Payette County, Ga.,Republican ranks as to which of tnese schools should dominate in the prospective Republican Adminisiratron. This conflict showed itsdf in thecontest for the Presidential nomination at Chicago; and it is what Mr. Weed dimly alludes to when he '" assails me because I have ventured in advance to state the existence of the conflict, and to express a deep solicitude lest the Republican party sbouid, beiore being awake to its dangers, find itself under the lead of guides likely to plunge it into inextrica- ble misfortune—iu a word, become rotten before it was ripe. I have not beheved in the New-York school of politicians. I have detested their theo-ries, and deplored-their practices. And wheh I say tbey*New-York school," I hope not to be mis- nnderstood* for there are as honest men among New-York politicians as anywhere ehje.It is not necessary to was*e words in exhibiting .tbenecessitythattheRepublicanAdministration, when.it shall come into power, shall stand clear of all entanglements and association that Khali have a tendency co bring suspicion and reproach upon it. This is a point that does not need argu ng, Every- body of common honesty will admit it. And in "viewofthefact*thatoursisespeciallyaneraofmost eloquent and inspiring. We regret that we havenent in her bosom, win ;h wants but an opportunity to and to such persons as .will insure their comfort and, on tbe i'Sth ult., the following was among the declara- o f all L'rili>ibIndia at this moment bowing the neclc under a trye^thousands .of-then* countrymen who came before them. gruphers. It embraces also tbe official roll of dele-fectly with the corner, with such exact nicety, indeed,,He lives in the mid^t of one of those great prairies that scurrility, abuse, and indecency manifeMted by the j proportion! byt for this so-much-reviled institution of Slavery.shall muse-his nnuihhlkefiS, ijisJ 71 votion le the truth!, In ^rtid^aiM Sir, ri*e in this '\>h cc] whea- without doing grtiit iuj ustiee ! >! I think, great "nWn st ce'totht ! | here, if not allJ if Ithese few words.'j —Brigbain You af -j with ai*rtfiiia ehorch, but. wttli Uwer.'il L<-nin.Phiiadelpljwforfbv•j iotiating for the p lirichi *e of | Jroposew to set jup irt bia.city..J£r. Francis ^IcDoinieH, _ulptor, was on Suwhjy la«t u;Garrett, at CleyeLin 1 Ohtoi • Wordswerenotn-cetsirVin;itspread out beyond-the lakes, whose wealth, vallie, and members of the party'here as has been during the last j i>'i', lour ri hund varied commerce; external and internal; yoilr •inames to the SherhT of your County, and let their • power, few of us have properly appreciated,* He is a twelve months. In the Congressional contest last navigut.i.u whereabouts be made known. man of Western origin and growth, who has grownWe beg leave to assure The Telegraph that all the with then.arvclousgrowth ol that marvelous region. Summer and the prewnt canvass, thus far, there "Editors of Texas," and "Sheriffs" to boot, cm In the memory of most of us, these -Western plains been moire bitterness of feeling, more blackguardismnever find the gentlemen who figured as Rcpublitsan delegates from Texas at Chicago. Reason—they ain't there.—TheRepublicanratificationmeetingatFredonia,Cbau'auqua County, onWednewiay. last, was memor-able as signalizing the accession to the Republicanranks of the Hon. James O. Putnam, hitherto one ofthe most prominent members of the American party inthe State. We quote from a brief report of his speech; us, I want tln-se hardy sons of the West to feel that Everett ele toral ticket will be run in this State; and tl e VMII ol Cod oj- those wi-o claim a superior illumination upon"Hehadanxiop.slydesired,sincethelastPresidential theyhavebrothershere. Thethemeistoogreat,but thainineoutofeverytenoftbeformerFillmoremen (hesubject 'J11^may1>^so. butImustsayfiatthiaoonchi-up to tlieir present amax- were inhabited only by the buffalo and the red man; and less regard for truth and decency exhibited by ittg hujhta: d .grandeur by tne great staples of the South—thenow we find there cities that rival those of the Atlan- prvd-t.cU'-j. r/i/f-t- l,i bur. ,tic, and a hospitality that excels anvthiug we have those who rhould be the conservators of public taste \' Yet a\t rery in eve-y form in which it has existed from theever known. There have gone our brothers and sis- and public morals, than has ever come within our ob- ters,oursonsand.daughters;therethriftandenter- servationbefore." .'.*prise have gone; and there is, and is to be, the center of empire for this country. I Want to strike hands with that- great people;'I. want that we of the East sbouid feel a proper .sympathy in their interests and needs; and when that day comes, as mav it never come, when the cry of 'disunion' shall be forced upon— The Harrlsbvrg (Pa.) Telegraph says: ' ,4 The friends of Cameron in this county are among the ruont hea' ty and, enthusiastic in their support of Lincoln.and Hamlin,' as are also the supporters of Fill-pnrr.ltivb pt nod of organized soeiety-from its earliest and patrf- anlii.l form iollhiatitj e, in every quarter oi the globc-asid all it* roults,eve:i.(hemagiiifirent resultsofSlavery inthe United. .- States, me letilared to be t-gainst the law of Nature ThonWh contributing m a hundred vanous forms and toodca, through a peiiod pi thousands of years to the amelioration, of the conditionton,haswrittentbelongestlettervetpublishedontheelection,aconsolidationoftheAmericanandRepub-itisausefulone." willcomeupheartily,earnestly,honestly,andpatriot-"V.'i'f?-*^<J^;t^ttliJl"u,,c^d«iunotarrivedatinaccordance ^ufcdthemarriageo-reinorsy«drrnption, and that the Republican- party*is a political topics of the South. '.. lican parties of this State, as they we're consolidated ically to Honest Old Abe's pupport. Ue has tr-at con- w a n tbe nuAoiriau method of reasoning, by which w e are taujrhtfervently bowed aLent to wr'U _ A voung girt JiDoto.eeviislt ;bund wanderingtflMtutbe Hj#Friday, weeping bit tiu-rW: I p« L officer she sfcfctf ha the ^iriends. Her 8to|y|yrasas Uf Wvearsof ajeM*"^Vears ago rJer fatb^er faf*W * Crleans,and,wijh!Ws;tatri;!y birl went to school a tcW mUe-* rv abit cf car bumwas, i|the'habit<fcar: *a.: I» [brwaid in d w^gfm : !B W party, with a reputation to make, and that it "is to be doBely scrutinized by a jealous hostdity, it is preeminently important that it should so organ- ize the personnel of its Administration, and so arrange its surroundings and influences of every nature, as to be at once above reproach and above suspicion. I t should come into* power standing upon a platform not only of sound principles, bus of perfect intcgrit>y, straightforward honesty, and a rigid eeonomjf in the expenditure of the public money. At no time in the history of our Govern-in New-Jersey and Pennsylvania, believing that —Charles W. Russell, esq., of Wheeling, Va., a servatism which they can embrace; that honesty that that, bum u fceit-mcoy paiiScular and well established facts in —The Bon. Sam. Galloway mad© a brilliant speech they were battling mainly for the same measures • delegate to • Charleston, and now to Baltimore, has they profoundly respect; that lirmness unon which they the physics) economy, v,e may safely deduce a general law ofat a Republican meeting in Columbus, Ohio, on Wed-nesday last. 3ir. GaJloway is one of the first, s(amp labored a t Syracuse and other places ; butcan lepose; that love of country that will never fail. pnynfeci ui.Uiei, 't"d ro of nion-ln ami government. It seems to my weak jatyttie*that it is rather an arrogant and presumptrt- We are thoroughly united,in old Dauphin, and calcu- ous art aujLpicrtt oj the ways of Providenee, mysterious as we"The cphvqntion at Baltimore will no doubt adopt Iaicupon a routing majority both at the October and kr„.wthtm (Abe, Jvr feeble man to declare that that which hasand governmental policy, arid for that end he had ' written a long letter, in which he states that ,other counsels had prevailed, and. he had continued—Mr. Yancey has written a long epistle defending to act with that organization until the present time. ought to be cheerfully conceded-by the North, and itnecepsarily prevail—and that ou: main refiance shonjd upon those who still adhered to it. He believed fch.-it biguous. Almost every resolution announcing a gen- 'Richmond on Saturday evening last. Capt. Abmm C. ^ ^ I ^ t i l P T ^ h " ; ? i m a i a that the Con-jssrttictution, propriabe in attempts to arouse tbe lojalty oi tue people, with- high and patriotic considerations. For the-nominees eral principle of moral or political right in terms ofSimonsonofNortI«.field.waschosenPresident;VVm. tAfol^rc^^J^^ tho citizcnS.theer> ncn..b or nropertv or avurv Aa<,*u±M .. _ . J ,^ .out reference to party connections, which, acting as a of" tire late Baltimore Convention be entertained the anpropriat* .generality is liable to such cavils. That Templetpn Johnson of Castleton, and Edward Blakeplatform wbidi, by its rejection, led to a disruption of purifier of all parties in the Sjnth, " would gradually highest, respect. He' believed they were true and . Reconvention, was'equally; vague. This resolutionof Sonthfield, Vice-Prfesidents, and Monroe Bryaut ofSonthfic-lc-, Secretary^ Mr. George W. Curtis gave an tl.e Cititid S^.ies.camoifectio:^. an 'ment.hasitbeenmoreadutytoraisetheflagofoftheGovernment,and.jointlydirecttheiratten.iontheywerenominated.ButhesawnochanceforthemwithreferencetotheattendingcircuniMtances..Vouch-eloquentandgraphicaccountoftheproceedingsoftheVOt'til ,nwinning>herto cany the Northern States', and his only hope iu'de-Ketrenchment aod Reform; for at no time have to the great wrongs done the South by sectional, ag- feating the Democratic parry, and thereby promoting ing past decisions and aeBertiug the equal right of all National Convention, which he attended as one of tbeIiepublicans upon the Cnicago Platform and nomi- nees." - »Tl( Wtdg, peve'r take higher ground than thatl" —That sp)endid and effective body of young men,,county, it is already evident that more votes Mill be W^e copy tlieirl'Ct :;siit ution; for tho benefij; of young lulled for Lincoln than could have been given to our Republicans jn other' places who may deeire to imitateMr. George Barker, another American; also camethe Democratic party of trie tneory .with regard to forward at the same meeting, and enrolled/himself /z-2'he Southern CoitJ'ederacy thinks1 that Howell probably, of a majority.,of, .the'Republicans of the guuized; tli'siriMyes; for the Presidential campaignsslave property involved in Chief-Juatice Taney 's-Dred under .the Republican banner, as the. only means of If we would save the Eepublican party, as well Scott decibion. He says:/Cobb and Senator Bigier of Pennsylvania will beThe S a g a i ^ t t h e ^ o u u d r e l w—The Boston Courier enthusiastically seated that nia. For five months past Mr. Cameron has been in late hour. ' tie comtanf habit (when his opinions were asked) ofwould have hung like a miD*tone about its neck had —Mr. Marcus L. Ward, one of the New*Jersey del-it "gone io|o power under their oppressive burden. egates to Chicago, has visited" Mr. Lincoln, and gives considered a member of the Republican party. " Re-' tt-rv m • ' ^ "Sl'RINGKlELD, May 17, 1859. the assertion of that which the slightest, investigation Am. 5. 'Iho offllfers of thia Association shall be elected by-ain which he speaks somewhat as if he wished to bo• KAiJor.vote of tbe members present, atameeting called -for tnut It was in this view that the Chicago contest was the following account of him:/ publicans," be says, "arc bound nobonly by fidelity to. _ DR.THKonoR. CANisirjs—D,-ar Sir.-Yovir letter, would have shown .him to be wholly ful«o. I om only ptirpote, and vote iitali be by ballot." In his pergonal appearance, Mr. Lincoln is in many in wbieh you inquire on your own account, and in he- account for his liavhig done so wpon the supposition that AHT. (f. it >ba|l be the duty of the Prwsident topreaicio at all regarded with such ieep interest by leading Re- respects not unlike hit. Clay, of whom, by tbe way, tlleir paity, but by the higher obligation of duty to JiaJt oi certain other German citizens, whether { up- thai1 evil genius which has attended through lint life, meetings of the namciMtiou, and to call meethigs at any inaie. \xi\.thfcir country and to the principles which they consider the case that led many to look upon it as involving and he has also n<uch of the manner of that distin- eslential to its welfare, to support the nominationstM) ariple, and their horn.U> them.-r^he Princo Wales, durfl•epublicans at Washington. It was this aspect of he was an ardent-admirer and an eloquent advocate;-.guished statesman.' He receives his guests.with great mAde at Chicago." However, .this is about the .Maasachuseto* and whethci-l favor or oppose a fusion advantage in virtue over vice—T say lean only account upon unordirfroin?ihe Executive Comndttee. . . *vrm be lodged at the resident vi r wto uaiurabzed citizens which was lately enacted infuture results wholly outweighing all questions of cOrdiality and by bis frank, open manner and fluent oi the liepublicans with the other Oppoxi ion elements for it on the supposition that that-evil geoiuB has at last ALT «. it nhixmi th« duty of the Executive Committee to m,wanj &W 4^ ^ 1 delbihtful place. It b *it,uat,-dPennsylvania, ard that his nomination was certain de-kspecch;<if 1824. As this interesting passage is proba-j oint [thethi<-»--fiJt)/8iy)rei»eijttt'iveprfncipleJ. l a i u not of Ui© " To accredit our delegates to Richmond and Balti- rnnibcr. 'Neither am I one of tho/«e citizen* of the North to wbonlr arretl'er honorable member lately referred,-la a pnblicft- tiou tb w-bicb IIJB nanre v/u* subscribed, who wonld think it im-the union of.tbe South en.the one/hand, and the rump of the Democratic party, denationalized by its own conduct, on the other.. " If they decide to maintain onr rights and their own rights, a great good will have been attained. If they still turn their backs upon the promised land, and cling to the flesh-pots of Egypt, we shall have the consola-cbaractcjr, in gooq ciicum;—The Herald's Washington correspondent states c-ontiadictt-dlby L>;vine authority. I must interpret that l<iwaccording to the piomfneut facta connected with rhis subject ae they stai'd* '«it^i; before us this day. Looking through tbe eyes of Lhtoiy. 1 fcivesaees Sla-ery or involuntary servitude tbemstru-" The| news came to us thia : side ofjthe wopld] of the depart odore rirkerjwho for so m:n xnanfullhy btooa up forjwbkt U> 1more in 1856. The probabilities are that no Bell and «r;gui in individual cupidity, a'.ill working out a general irood- yet Slavery 'ndali i-s beneficent results are pronoun ;ed amiinut4/creport Avas accepted with several rounds of cheers foreffected hef ruinJ'and, after .m Wd plldgmt neally all hercij^tlaving no'meant lefj,'tb« :l|"f. nto t-l,rf streleltiLs bi.;i the proprtestlent letter: bhould so far forget the suggfBtions of justice io an ad- und«r the comniHijjd of u lai-taln who shall have^power to ap- versary or of prudence to himself as to venture upon point sucbT-utioifdinHte oiliceis as he may dewni propter.prove or oppose tho constitutional provision in relationdcr the dhectionjolthe ExecutiveCommittee.giving to him an apparent astonishing.prosperity, such Ai.r. 7. lt),hiill;lM thc. duty of tho Treruuror to receive and as to lead very"ninny good men to doubt there beuig hold the funds ol IhV Association, and disburse tho sauio onlv5 r<einb:i;t;iiu«lc.,4trolthediia<ucialattairsofthoAssociationtotime for political mii-acltrs.—An intelligent • merchant of Water, street, New-in iM campaign of 1860, has been received. •tho Assooiation, to arrangetorandc«lUMfundstortheustiofthoisame,audpn«avythw«individualsuccessordefeat,orevenpresentsuc- conversationputsateaseallwhocomeincontactwith him. J-JJ htature he is a fraction short of six feet four cess in the election. It was felt that if the Ee- niches, but owing to his slight form he appears evenpublican y&rty could not triumph on the highground of an animpeachabie administration of af- jiexrly black, hia eyes dark gray, deeply s«-t, and over- ance, and in such a way as to bring him in constant would do, from what «he htus done/1 may speak with- makes the following statements: . .£Sf rodsfrom)|the Clift^.taller. His head is large and well formed, his hairand 1have no right to advise her in,her policy. Yet ifYoik, now traveling in Illinois,.in a private convey- any one is desirous to draw a conclurion as to what I journal, has a correspondent at Springfield, 111., who they shall cxoxcWgeneral supervision over the affair, of theJ . „ \ . « r . , •. , 'bung by enormously heavy eyebrows. When speak- Cairo, to his houeo here, that " Lincoln's nomination stand the MaKsachuseets provisions,! am against its' room irinhe State-House—the one formerly occupied tion oti oeciislons of PUblio parade * " * "iairs, m well as on the questions Ol fmatimmm \mSthj/> expression ia very fine, and his voice is trulyadoption, not only in Illinois, but in every other place' by the Governor—where he is visited every day byAKT. 10. Each ineiaber shall provide for himself at hU a mexpense, a glared c^Tand cape, and shall pay S S the S S . S JMaHBachuBOilB iu a sovereign and indpendont State,moneys ao colleotea over to the lVoasurer, and they alone shin —id they alone shallcontact with the people, writes-in a private letter from out, impropriety. i say, then, that so-far as I under- • '«' Since his nomination, Mr. Lincoln haH occupied a drill, to conduct the|nn,e. and to take command o" S ? A 2 K £ vwUntitled Document:rection, by iti) genkral influence, und the personal iutiuenee ot'iU m htis 8eryed.'nearly twelve years us such—that his ehur- AnT. a. T' e ofllpi-rs of t)di Association shall consist of^a Prwsi-jvefer is not at all limited as an/ordinary Senator of the dent. « x \ t--o-PresiA'iitK a L^urresponding Secretary.'n lte<-ord- Lniied States, lut that his name has become of almost int; SciretfljLy iu|dla i-cl taut. a treasurer, an Executive Committermade up itsmind to-desert him."—The St. Louis Republican, a violent Democratic have power to order^jpublio parades and to make contract* andwy<,ur Commercial marine, the nursery of the milt-oi mankind :encnilly; though sometimes abused, as all human niMil, tions even th- se of religion, are. stiil contributiiajr to ad- vanco tn- rt OSti of t iv lizition . though, if >ou please, havinc itse thot thc South"It is confn|ed that the South is secured in thefull benefittr.c qvettir.n riL/jed t-i aMV a aUnU<db(qt<t." •• ^ " n Coisssttutton; Association, . ffijuAHT t>. It shnll bdithe d-.tty of the Captain to call me*tln« tTMt/|h« mm «T16 eentfJ which rhai - A*. \came*; near being; JOI'S-med ihad ordered her a potion hiinifibotthe eh*mis: who putinthirtydropf.j1 overdosewere'foi*miortpra soon recovered gr ffic entlj? «—llrs.: .Tuliettja jfej PP Whitman's f ^ * f • °f. »vovjpk:.: " I a ^ a riot atj A1 ^ No (.'easily chocked eith|> k and gi'oW impaiiBior ed as f art or -poesy. Amorou.* > xneQ:fensive,iadeligitful,ai tenderlove,amiaheteepmr,steem to me alike fill hymns ft. for "'Vbitman," h e certainly Has not/rr hardly think he hi is enough t—A; young lady, named 1 Mr. I!astings Work of East*1 denly bast week at 'Simehn'-,-, fcerious circumstahceslj Sb«-1 acter, and the day of joer mxz day, May 29. Her jjarcr. Loom B of Wiadiorj is a pjjlogiumas folh|)ws: r jiL. klo\)c with him.:\. -www.fultonhistory.com.!>**>.**. ^ " * - V " i * *!«»••' *••. ,^*ls.:V-*.i ^ vThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 