 AMttHOlAl FROI EUiLOPL AillflL OF THE .»IMIlttOv Pari*C+m**********.IN TUKEY,they became alarmed, aad insitted sa some ef their more laaftroo.Oapt. nrsokJ, which renowned colleagues being celled ui The family would from Liverpool at tosr o'clock aa tab aiVraooa of tain bars penosiied them to wait for a Urns, but they s>s sd tost, sad rruen Q w H o t i — the ratio*^g lay, were not to be moveJ, ssd It was settled that a consults- UOB shOBM he hekt st half past six ia the aftersoea. Be- fore tbat hoar arrrrei Baron Brock had ossssd to be.his skill, a* soil"COKstollll •svaBstr- BtA^BHOLBDIB M1M8MBB—THB FOBTHCOMWw which was BUwhite o.COO sre against aay alteration—ASS— HMBBW a-.—.!- aAs hW EZZ? -•• »» »»«• Si-arrived here yssterdsy moramg. H*i, dates a n eight k H • :ater thaa thoee by the tftaamUlL. Casadtaa.PROrOSEO BXCTJRSIOM TO XIAOABA FALLfl—BESATBOM TBI aastsaa CONKBHSNCE Dirrrorji.TTBS— o couridershta.xmeaeBt last evening, oa the oeasmathe Bavaria arm*** at Southtraptos, aad the Jebn BellatGlasgow,enthe2taa. Ci*Aagio-SaxonreachedQjeena- tewardsmorning,toordertobriagandeathmore•peedl-THB kOBTHCOMlMO BKPOBT ON SLAVERY, ETC. . Btorraia, May M, li«toi lbs at rival of Gov Morgan, on h,s way to the Caaase (trcventicn. He waa esoarto* liom the deoot w la7ne-lowa abect aidaigtd oath*lit mat.Letteie from rt*aaasj*»k af a report Out the Coant but be would probably hare betB arietted had he sotrw il'te' Rooms, King strevt, St. Jamess'; the Earl ofJtoehberg weald he Herniated.theLandoaBYraJCof May1aaya»-Her Majesty has ton mejaaaly p'eiBBd to give £2Mkilled himself. M , When the funeral took place bat few of the friends ofMississippi^ M. & Stltooa, Newark; M. Ray- , New England; W. F. Ivans, New Hampshire; S.Bary devotions.As socB as the minutes af tbe previous saattoa wereWe Gcvernor. who ttas eondoctal a the bsiasar taa Mayor, in behalf o/ the city aathorides, aordiall* -rel- ccmed GOT. aorgan I> the city of Batata, aadJtarity,.**4toft aawasedThat a parTof'the truth w e s W kmg'kept frostto regret very marh the docile 'the Araks, whose horse handling piv I'leritiea he specialty a« i haaUHrrs of Coeniaeres aad Uw Coa» ^{J,- oaaaoera ofwere to ample tbat tbey reode-ed it -iun&ces* try for bra to enter at length into tbe history vf the society; for when they tpoke favor ab«y of the American operations, theyweal to obaerre. 'ft >*, wo flmntroted Sma) believe, bis arts and Manufaemrea a "se eoase<iQea< M B^odaeet bv tie dehvje lied in the eammeretal bw MV wtt slistoadwments aero made ia reference to the General Conference, Mr. SLICKR learned that it was aa indictment caarg- the interests of the church were deeply Involved ia tbewin bet tacMe these on. Austria may keep down a rising csuecs them to say loudly, »• two mmutea more and weW VeaSia, as aha hawse la«a>e a foroe there, bet evea r.eve eoasoei-ors," while at heart they can bat say, whata terrible tarashlBs that gallant young Amencaa gave that 1doubt. The Veaitmt* are maddeaed by the harsh car ctaeapi'Mi!able termsAt Queen Viocoria s drawing room, on the 2Uh nit, thefollowing presentations were made by Mr. and Mrs Dal-treatment ot their M§hteocd t/rante, aw£ at a aomeatw notice may break throsgb all to- naa, sad, la their rery desperation, besja's eeatost that will be a most fearful aec Yon maj depeftu npoa R, wbM t>iey dc they willlas:—Mr Wm F.-ereit.of -Jcetou; Wm C R'vee, Jr., of Tte-Bng1 sh Journals seem te extend their spHc to all Bcstcn: Mrs. Washington Jackson and the Muses Jackson,of Philadelphia.Nc-thitg additkmal had been developed in regard to theUnion Bank ef London hrauds Tbe directors were con ttaiiicg their tavesiigations with strict secresy.The Loriooc fmt aays aa ultimatua had been sen' in by the Ecglieh and Kreocb repreaentatlveaontbespaa, giving the Court of Pekln thirty da>a to determine whether it will accept and execute ths treaty tn Its entirety, aad com- ply with so ;h other conditions arising out of tbe late oat- nge sa tbe ailes judge fit.It was ccaeioerei not unlikely that Lord Elgin might be met en bl> way to Cihina, w:,n nesva oi' aucn a nature as would render bis mission u s e c»sra,ry, la wnicb case he would at once retrace hie steps homeward.fhe London Era bairns to hava aaUiority fdr stating tbat arracgemeattbave been made for Say e n and Beenaa to Sght sgam in two months timeI t a Paris correspondent of the London Port toarns that Geneiai Gt/i^aldi and his staff nat set cut for Sicily.Accordisg to the accounts or the government, only aversy could enlarge tbr area of i a operations, if it could get oi't of Geaesee aad affect taa whole of the world sad tbe rest of mankind. (Laugotor.) Be went for Individual conference rights against anr sue* process ss tbe propje-ssnaecasd With Beesan to aay way. Tne lines male same most UBgentlemenllke remarcs about* Or. Kir- Bags that was presented at court, and also rlade a slash at Mr. Wilkes The want of fair play shown in the tuu tor-has bees much rerraxked usea hero. This unfortu- nate Sght will, I am sure, do more to widen the breash between Americans and Eng tshmen than one would at movement la IckMfcrtaoo la Central ftaly for tbe purpose flrat believe. Tbe latter hare been taught tbat Johnwent oa to show that efforts to convert Jauada, especially oa tbs frontiers, were as necessary aow as they ever were, snd he was happy to say tbat their aroaaseto wars never more cheering than at the present time.sat aid.1 aaa aesure*, vpta*joQ4 authority, tbat an extendedacknowledged leader, before they adjourn It wai hintedto-day that a storm was brewing, and that the ullra aatl-stasery party would rally all their forces as soon as theCammlttee on Slavery present their report And two er) action in tus esse. ITthey were to sit and listen toqueries naturally arise: Brat, what will se the net ire of all that these brethren who have appealed bad to say,their report? and secondly, when will tt be presented for more would be said than aoybody of ordinary forbear-tbe action of tbe Conference? I answer from positive ance would have patience to stand. It was a great pity Ifaad reliable information, obtained aha morning, that the the two standing committees had not the power aad themajority of tbe committee will report the following eiiaage ability to get at "Nazariiiem." Tae church neeied quiet, toaary pnrposeaOLD JOHR f | " l f ! ' GBXRCH of the general rule: tbat it shall read—"The buyiagorof rosier in g thww bale fbsicattla tree, ana sot many Bel: has hie match at all things in Brother Jonathan, and he»ktohs sgaiast the conviction.and where there was strife aad contention, crimination•Maths heuoc we rosy Had Vieisv acaaael the popalarkmg of ameaVpsaarinl people, who, awakening fromIketr loag alonflw.- aad fcacUTtfy, i C again give algae ofthat eaergy w%ch matte Rome thea^strsM of the world.The fact Is, reason and comaaa saase are teuiag rrlBos. ftey sre sn m exoelleni heath, sad their pre-The regular order of tbs dsy was taken up. and an ad- iticEel batch of ntcmorlals and petitions were p s e a s ledDr. FLOT.CI New York E»»t Confersaoe, oflered a me- morial, signed by Bar. Dr. Mitchell, copastor af John street church, asking the General Coafsreaoe to to*>rpo rate a treat' fund for taa permanent eadowmeat of tug Jobn street church. Tbe document was lengthy. and ssslgaod a number of reasons why taa church should aobigebry, aad tbe cation tbe most its fjr?nriakws aflaebos Is anxious to Sake rank and march forward with those whosence adds to the brilliancy of the afternoon turnout in our favorite promenades I believe that the Idea of an official reception of deputations from Nice aid Savoy has Been given up. Their Majesties will visit the new pro vtaces, isstead. As at present Intended, their Majesties will go to Marseilles. and embark la the Aigto, the Impe-E B Ganrwota, of New England East Conference, saidWednesday 173 petitsins were received in favor of the tbat pelltions were sent, signed by 1,100 persons, asking endowed. Oa motion of Dr. Floy it waa retorrei to aim net •**> much hie own aUribate aa thai of the will enter Savoy at Mb Jen a or Laaslebonrg, and will proceed from thence to St Jesa de Maurienao and other armctpie b e e a s r a s i s a to the Italian p*ople Thcelec- towns in Savoy. They will return to ParisBsas h\ Avow ^nd Nice hare shown la the clearest man- via Lyons, and tbe ceremonies attendant uponthe toor will be magnificent is the extreme. I shaMbathe N zaards and the Saroyarls deWredto 'Trance. Tb* T»t«>may be termed, and a, place. Tne deflolttre result of the vote to Savoy waskrn.o.Fraaee,Tbe new commercial treaty with England was dto-ecned in the Legislative body for the tirst time on tbe 2hta ult. The protectianista spoke out in opposition, but they are in a minority.laid over for one day in order to rtoe ths delegates time facto, and believed thai the present committee shoold be tendsat of the German Mtoatoa, asking for soto "tee Kin print," to digest its eoatento, sad to prepare allowed to proceed with tbe investigation, for they were fistaat editor aad director of the Bibbcal Institutefor tbe fight The contending forces appear to ssaakest folly competent to tavesUgate the matter. at Bremen, wss mooted : rsoommeaettaggood feeling, and tbe prevailing sentiment to "May the w. OOORR, of Philadelphia, thought the appointment tbe Miuionary Board to cstebfiafa. a paper to the IMUSQbest msn win!" As has been already remarked, tae ac- of the citontttee w u extra todtotol, and moved to recon- language at Racine.enabled to give your readers an account of all that takes m tact, a aaaaaaoes one bnt ststl the Engiiah people win prodiimed last Sunday. Toe numbers for aannexationA report was currentthe Roman States early tn June.Frenchforcess i l lleavetion of tbe Conference on this subject to looked for ward towith intense Interest, sad its discussion by the delegateseboas tbat this question absorbs the other matters whichcall for action dnrrng the present session, which, were itnot for the excitement on the slavery question, would besider the vote epporottag it. t h e motion to enlarge the powers of the committee was laid upon the table, by a rote of 07 to M.R. M. LUTHELD, of New York East, thea took tbe floor, sad to inflammatory language protested againuTbe CHAIRMAB of tbe Oommitise oa Marions presented reports to Ibvor of requesting tbs General Conference to amend the Discipline, so that the Bishop may appoint a corresponding secretary; also, authorizing the bishops to constitute tbe a Batons to India on annual conferenci at any time before the next General Conference, if, to theirJudgment, tbe mission to India would bs promoted there by. Ia reference to tbe memorials s » * i v the neces- sity of tecressed maatonary appropriations far the Northwest, thsy recommend increased sppro priatiooB tor fits Northwest, and also to compel the presiding elders to foratoh the appointed representative with a written statement of tbe iiiartlltoa sf tbs mbalsas withia their bounds, sad thstr pecuatary wants. Tae re- ports were laid over, according to tbs role, aad ordered to ba printed to the X*a% ddwoataTBB CASB OS BSV. O. 0. CBBTT.The Court of Appeals areaaatad a report iwrerstagthsaction of the New York East Conference to expelling Rev. George 0. Crevy from that body. Bs was tried and fonad guilty of " undue tsmiharity with a stater,'' a mem- ber of hto Mock; bet on examination the Court proclaimed aim para aad spotless.OOLOBBD tOCAL rRBAfWEBS,J. E BSURT, of Detroit, offered a resolution to tbe effect that colored preachers shoold be considered mem- bers of a quarterly Conference, where the taws of the State did not permit it It was referred to the Committee on Revtoals.A PI f VRHOtPUrG BIS LSI BB.JAMTSIRWIB, of Black River Coafsreaoe, presented aresolution, directing the Committee oa Itinerancy to In- quire whether the Philadelphia Conference has passed the character of Rev. Wm Quinn, a member of the annual conference, he being a slaveholder , wbtoh was coatrary to the Discipline Tbe committee were also Instructed to see a* that conferenee silowed aay staveholder to be a class leader, meal preacher, exhorter, or other offldal member. It a raid that tbs Bar. Mr- Oaten's character was passed, although bs to a slaveholder; bnt we aasa tt from food authority tbat from time to time he has manumitted ever $90,000 worth of slave property, snd to doing all be can consistent with tbe taws of the State to free his alaves.cnrRCH raopsxTT rs PHTLAMB TOLA.act grre up their eeosmcri oppesitiea to s measure that m no way oeacerns thexa, and-some of the correepo&denU ef the Loados jouraala have the bad taste to repeat thatwere 130 533, against 2S6.The Ben Sent of Aanecy, in answer to the Chamberycorrespondent of the Jaumalde Geneve, who asserted that the inhabitants of Savoy voted on the question of annex- ation under the toilatnce of ..military compression sud ter-A stock broker on the Paris Bourse had absconded, leaving deocancies of £130,000 sterling. Nearly all the stock brokers are losers by it, and it is said to be a very lag rant a flair.oons.de red of greet importance to the Metbetftsi fraternity, Mr. Sltosr's insinuation that a star chamber bsdthey were fetred to vote aa they did, and what not I will sot dwelt itjoon the absurdity of inch arguments, or rather ruch #erverted statement;; the tacu apeak for themtelvcs. '*8eess Die Nhrar:s and S»ro.,aria are as heaa to j:ne fmaaoeaawve tbe people in India to become subjects of her SntannsT i!t.tta:y Wit, sow, I dew." Tbe Knglian HKks te aaccx, <but they do not like eaters to ds so tkewi-e. They are at present ss a great fuck as regards oar taking in, Mexico, perbsya If we should aaaex they wouli go mad w«a latense vbauti and attonahsasat at suah aaheard of ooaduct They ajeaiao mech trcubhw by a sew pamphlet that bas just s*a*arwi'Ler*. Etlmood Abottt Is the author«f the pruiacttss, aai I can assure you,the London Ttsaw Ao-tbe contrary, mat this government has had nothing to10,000 inhabitsnw, not a stogie soldier was to be seen, sad question will be held ia Paris about tbe end of May.tbat.net only everybody voted with the utmost freedom, Tbe Paris flour market had advanced, owing to contin-but observed the day as s holiday. The Oourrier da ued cold and wet weather. Wheat alto participated InaoecsthltstyJe, am: toucbK e witbno hgbt band upca the politicalshortcomings and u ?c»6*niee of F.urops m governmentsand a^jTisjng remeulM .tb.vefor. I enclose a review of able to carry on the aamlnistraUon of the empire. In the the bmxkure, wrilssn by the corfetpondemt oT the L-radoo. bops of there being s nttionaJ bank established, it to CkromUt, a ad re^oearn«*d it to your readers. The withdrawing its paper currency from circulation aad en-It k'asleeauig mure, written in Aboafs beatlroc*t.re is e ttttled "A Xew JUJ of Earope,'' sad front that fact exa tea theftar* of Britnniasbrave volunteers. They at one w hragtoe France stoiimf forward, gamingdeavoring to restore the metallic exchange of the public Though this currency Is limited, the capital has be*u so much increased within the last six or seven years that Itterritory aao po**r» *n<1 *' *•** earning down ia alt her lost more thaa a third of Its value, and the foreign ex-port, to which was appended resolutions instructing the- The Conference of which he was a member had righto,book sgeste at New York to publish monthly a Sunday aad they were prepared to defend them st sll hazards. teacher's Journal, also a series of text books He affirmed that the Geaeral Conference bad ao power adapted to a regular course or study In Sunday schools outside of Ita legitimately constituted courts to try, refermight upon bt w preaett aHas. What a strong setae of its oemg deaer »sd men thoa keep rnrarsr to tbe raiads of the Kcglah eecple toat Praaoe wahea to attack idemr^e Emperct • to vialv thai eummtr ha new subwets. He wal, no demi *. he. well rewired by them. Oa tUe oc- casion of bis trM to^K* , t t a Bavoy ceremoaies of a mam intertstag chars ctsr wlii ao doubt occur, wbtoh I bopschange has risen from 110 piastres to the pound sterlingto HO. The embarrassment which ensued to all com-merce and traffic can readily be Imagined. It is now re-Dr. DCBsrs, Chairman of the Special Committee of the Dr. WKX addressed the Conference la behalf of the or overhaul the journals and administration of any an- Philadelphia delegation, reported to respect to tbe pro- proposed new paper, stating that the demand for It br nual conference. They had no oonstiuitioaal right to go priety of permitting the General Conference to af!)w the BuBday school teachers was great If the proposed jour- beyond the record of s body wbtoh had trans- Trustses of Bethlehem, Delaware county, to sell certain nal were published, an avenue would be opssadfor the acted ita business properly, and believing thai valuable church property for cemetery purposes, whichgentag oat at diAouItms. The accused hi shot at eight la the a loratag, aii«iatUB comes the merclfaljwrof Her) lajessy, who overlooks all seat offences.naa"uiDs~aa. ^ » **"*?**' * * 'J?" <•»>***"*• h*altMag- nesstopardoa isestsblrahed This succeeded with poor Carnoa, but vdl »» * y dars attempt It with Uoatomoltofduoed his expenses, ana the ledi*s of urn baVemrin^ !*"u 1 e, w ^r^H^aT"*' **«" •tUcteei on those who took part in the insurrection of 1833. Domestic S s w t Iteaxs.LANGUAGE'' 10 THS LADIS8. tbe "conventicle act," aa sweetly as they could aad Taa report of ths special committee appointed to trv as thoroughly ss they dared. (The decision of thela Vienna A TM sgttatioo sf the ctttoeas has be escape to igypt in one of her heahsad'e ootameroialing killed John Edwards, and was in the court room, aboat the rasnmitten say that the charge wss act sustained, and' « J S L * L " i I * l * * * * * * o f ^ O s a a d a Wsatoyaaeosae morbid. *•• I**** sssaber of governmeat steamers. ThePachahasbeenthereforsometlmelma D vto be taken tojail until after dinner, was suddenly at- tacked by a crowd of armed men, who trod about twen-Resolved, Tost the decision of the North Ohio Confe- sided during the principal part of the session.The hear of twelve h»vlng arrived, taa Conference ad-employ a that * « coexmsUed suiolis, added leave of abeeaoe trom the Sultan (tka his royal spouse) to the recent tragi. »Joadaf storoa de Brack, who termi- for the purpose of looking after his immense estates, from nated ha own exa, SBOS waaa he reoefrod ha dtamisstl whim he is said to derive aa income of over a million of from office, have c s * «*1 most stngxier reports t> clrcti' ate dollars per annum. HIS wife is much attached to him. m the Aosuaa capma '- lASt advtose^o to show that Ba- aad he to her, aad at the nremat moment she is la a fair"•?,• '**>re*B>«to- The Sheriff shot one of the "lynch- aad the papers pertaining to the oaas bs returned ers" aad arrested two more, who were lodged in jail. to tbe General Conference. The report was accepted,aadthe resolution adopted without debate. v ' BASK or CmnsuL Maw YOUR Tbe TJtka Z>at"'r flwe I intimated, tbs other day, thai ths charges preferredTBB SABBATH aaavKam solution, which waa opposed byTaa usual sppointmemte for miatotera who wars Dr. CARIWRIOHT, who omaaarad tt aa inn ovation toC ^ S ? tLf°*%L£* 'Sir*" * U w wrtooa churches MethoJatic usage.of Bspsburg a ewasg *isiga>^Jrymjsrdsat BsAMe ass r«»>r s«am u> e*asa ds Braiak. g . bad rafused aw asmmesor dsrtoton the Sunday. If the BuOalontans practtoe^a^of^ good advies gjreaJhesa by their lalntoteilal guestsUrn ^^^m ^^r-^^^^m^m^ _^- - ^^^WBaBSSS^m SBSBSHW^B)SM|•""^ was SHtharl' tativery made tbto morning b ? i ^ ^ n T ^ ^ l rPara Mrery gay. Our thsatrei are still filled nightly, as the weather a not so warm but what one may com- **"&& sit cut an opera or drama. The Champs Blyseesrelator, or holding human beings with the intention or en-slaving them." They wifl aha raeeaunendta change to the see sad all the other conferences needed harmony aadaad Boi» d» Boulogne are crowaed; aad each day m»y be seen, dnvjag or rldfrg, the Emperor, Empress and mtlochapter on elavery oomformable with thechsnge of the i ule upon ths nbjtet—the former being organic, while lbs totter Is simply declaratory, aad not blading.Tbe petitions in favor of a change of rule keep constant- ly pcnriDg la from a majority of the Coherences Onbrotherly love more than star chamber courts a a l grand jory procssses. He seconded the motion to dtosharge the special committee from the further ooasidsraUoa of this subjectfhe Paris correspondent of the London finer aays there e*e vote a BAcriterioa oi tfc? wahea of the people, that ror, declares that ia the town of Annecy, which contains to every probability that the Conference on the SwissTbs brsBCh Methodtot Book Concern, arhtoh is located oaMate street—one of taa finest laonrnghisres in been appointed, sad after mutual explanations, Mr. Hat-ths United States—to thronged every afternoon field proceeded to apeak on the motion before tbe house, by delegates, and tbe begmntng and the end of the con- which wss to discharge the special committee sad referversation of little groups throughout ths tstablishmont are the whole subject of the Genesee Conference difficulties "ths nigger." to ths sppropriate committee, namely, the oommttteeaoa Episcopacy aad Itinerancy. He objected to ths dis . 1 5 B r * ^ r * « * • » * • * * «* **• ttotogstos oosiposJng a part charge of the committee. Whether tt was bast under the of the Committee on Slavery who are to favor of the circumstances to appoint it or not was another question,Alpn also corrects certain misrepresentations rospeotlng Cbambery. Tbe Geneva jonraal had declared tbat the French garrison at Cbambery would not, as promised, ba withdrawn darbtg the vote. The Oourrier, in reply affirms that the French garrison had cone before tbe time axed, and that net a single French aoidlar was seen in Cbambery, or even la Savoy, wbca the voting was going on.Our Constantinople Correspoadeace. OOXSTAXTTSOPLX, April Id, 1880.tbe upward movement, which was gtaeral throughout the departmentTbe silk trade was la a depressed state, and sales could no{be made except at a considerable reduction.Brandy bad fal'en slightly in the Parte markets.The Dowager Eaprees of Rossis to expected to accom- pany the Emperor Napoleon to France, on his return from n>3 contemplated visit to Nice, and to take op her residence for the summer at Fontainbleau.The Emperor Napoleon, through his secretary, had written to a firm in Sbefllcld, acknowledging the receipt of a hunting knire. and breathing tbe most friendly expres- siors towards England.The Parts Bourse had been Arm, bat olosed heavy at 70.86.I t a l y .King Victor Emanuel had reached Bologna In ha pro-gress through his new territories. It is stated tbat the bishops of tbe Romagna bad received from Rome a pro- hibition from taking any part in the reception of tbe Rang.Count Cavour and M. Fanti were to meet the King at Bologna.Anuexionist sgents were bury throughout Venetia In exciting an insurrection in favor of Victor KmaaneLA committee bad been formed at Milan to recslre sab- icriptioas for the Sicilian insurrection.A u s t r i a .Decrees sre published nominating numerous Councillorsof Stats, and also for the settlement of Hungarian Pro- testant sffalrsIt was reported that the Emperor of Austria contom- plaied resigning, to order tbat the Archduke tfsximillienproposed change of rule, while twenty sre opposed to any arasadBxnt, although the precise plan of action of the mtasrity to act known.It to expected that there will be a great Influx of stran- gers next week from all parts of the country—ministersbut aB the Conference had appointed the special commit- tee, he wss In favor of the most thorough aad ample in- vestigation of the.whole affair They might be doing right to oischarging the committee sad might be honest in their pm puses, bat such action would not strike the popularTkt rtrpofBat&ruptcit-TkeWifetfmmgkmaimHmion theportunity of listening to the debates upon tbs lateretttog topics that will be dtoeuassd, aad also of vitiUog Niagara Paltok The official organ recommends certain hotels aad boariing bouses to the visiters, and tt to intimated that the citisens of Buffalo will do all they can to aoommo- data the friends from abroad. Most of the delegates board at private houses, although a few occupy apart meats ia the American, St James, Clarendon aad other hotsto.THB GKRMAV MISSIONS.Dr. W. CLARK, Chairman of the Committee sa Missions,made a partial report They bad under consideration several petitions from foreign German missionaries re- ferring to their Biblical Institute In Bremen. They re- commend that the bishops visit these missions, and that another editor of the papers and books be appointed In place of the Rev. Mr. Jacoby. whose health to failing.Dr. DrRBiN made a speech ia favor of the report which wss adopted.A MOimiLY JOOTUML FOB StTSTDAT SCHOOL TTUCnBIW,The Committee on Sunday Schools made a partial re-ferenee was inclined to cover up what it was cot pleasant or desirable to have brought oat. Taa church wanted peace, bat first let her be pars and thea peaceable. The question proposed to be iEvest'gated was oae which proba- bly lay at the foundation of the peace of the whole caarcta, and before they cried •peace," they should have some tcaadattoa upon wbtoh It could stand. Bs did not Intimate that there was a disposition upon the part of aay to shut oat tbe llrht, but it appeared clearly to him that, to the popular judg- ment of those who were not within those walls, they would blunder to voting to discharge the committeeP. J. BROWN, of Iowa, aad J. P. MITCHXLL, of Pittsburg, spoke upon the question, and were followed byJAMBSM. Frruaa, of Geaesee, who made an impressive appeal to the General Coaferenoe for proper judical ac- tion. He was sorry tbat intimations had been thrown out tbat the Geaesee Conference was desirous of shrinking from afull investigation of their acts. He repeated what be said la moving for the sppototmeat of a special com- mittee, that they courted aa examination of their doings.Government inFinancial Difficulties-AtriadyPacha Acapt&to Egypt-Barm rutting the Stabiet of the SuUom—SearttmTi of Legation Lift for thx United Stata— American Merchants at Conttantimple, 4c.The CDsncial difficulties of the Ottoman government arehoarly becoming greater, and it hi not seea how it will beKIW ¥OEK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, MAY 16, 1860.-TRIPLB SHEET.ofnamd folioTBffiBinnmOanadal1 mlmm?l SlZ J^M^O»,•:resdered rteloiis by tbe abusivers, bat without*ae subject worthy of~ T~ ..of their•_ _._.«„• Till METHODBr fiBUlb W1BRBSCB.!thatbodytothe Omni cftbe aad as hew*uearsac*" ^ daily sxpertsd, he (taebarsassMtoaadforachangeof the „_Mr. Rarey a a rare mstaace of the unasfcumtag and gentle the knowleoge of tbe authorities. Baroa Brack's rales, Yankee. Be a a man sf exesUeat Jadgmeat sad dlsorw. who was awakened between t u aad seven in the morning ton, and not in tbe mast affacted by the numerous attea- of Monday bat by the ringing of ha masters beii, imme- tkms shown bin by the most elevated men, amicg ^finople diate y obeyed the summoni, aad fonad the unfortunate whom are several sovereigns of Europe. Bo toft sa the mas bevhed la ha blood, sad almost mssaskble. Tne llth, vis the Oatubo, for Paris and London, where bo hatbetS** *" " i for their approval. It was thesa Dr. Carry iawe called the Mmister s two BOBS,aad they for the phymkaaas Breuamg aad Weriaf, who round the patent much exhaustod from loss*" - uiaira^sataemsersf the committee, to The 0siJeren6SBis\lhto!»fifBto», Btohsp Baks-^r. t^^J-t Icavsoaafldenee. Iftheydo recommendtbeis, ibey seat men tpstead of laser to - _____LlT?* t bthey aB betas; too tame sad geutle. taa was much pleased with ha prooosal,I p r \ f J'ja-.sai,'•"•" "*i AXIMmiSTRATIOK-ad 3W , : **~ waa presen to*^£a^d'dressfamllr*Cmgexotstiiagiyueiirouetokeepwhathadoo> UnwedStates. Hetab-,-enderedvaluable •*******£%cured from the knowledge of the world, entreated tbe government, both to t* connection with fibs l*****"TM! approved, the foltowto; ptocbSLgr*tmct>»-a-,0,jtlr6i<jTexpressed,that Dr.D.W. C l a r k w i l l » - ^ b e t t t r t h a n o t h e r s w h o a r e n a m e d .infeat*exciteme_texlattaguponttnasubyset,waea s leadiig corservalive member of the coetsndae saidta the bearing of your reporter, that "tn.rs will be tbe greatestnommBtsa aaa *W»*»»»* oontented to do so. lathe osorseof the day, however, that be wUlbeaeft* by the visit wk«h he designs making to taks into OOfcideratton taa sdamatrsttoa oT ths G«a«. . — — « K i h f l t Le e cs ae tr i eo , n a a a i medical men to remain silent, and they, as m appears, m the direction of (be Consulate. Wo « 1 L 5 2 !# d i Jsad that he iaHtoled the wounda on his n*ea and w.istsly. Ia what way or Is what extent B*ron Brack was Im-bands of moato. On arrivat a* the aastfaaa tbe Mate*plicated in the E>aat»en BevolteUa affair w* know not,duced again to 12$ piastres, and the government hope,by the entire withdrawal of the paper currency, to re- may become Regent, with a federative system throughoutdeem tt to Its primitive ratio of 110. To do this, how-tbe empire.«-It is a»ser*eJ ibat a conspiracy aga'ast the life of theEmperor AlsxajideT, or at all eve-au to compel him toabandeu U; smaxcitation projecto, had been organisedat St. P"' /3burg. £ime 150 or 200 persons, chieflyarsoL'g tbe Nob'.u Gu&rd, are &aU to have been arrested.Ctorta-usttsoecttsJ regiments wcro promptly sent out of takea always on one side. The Btehop made tbe obser- discharge the committee wss adopted by a voteof 104 to tbsci'.y, *h- other measures of precaution wars taken. rattoaln a playful way, not reflecting ,n the toast upon oi*say more dessa,A tew Cays since it was reported that the w»> «rexpelling the minaters already mentioned, and this me- gmeir of the 26th ult states that John Tansy, who was alleged improper conduct, was read. After a oarefol morial a submitted by one of the "aggrieved" brethren )S3 Ham! Pacaa. a daughter of tbe Saltan, had maiobarMrxrjxx rs a COCBT ROOM—The Austin (Texas) Intelli-thea being tried on an indictment chsrging him with hav- examination of all the papers a a l evidence in ths case D 0 B e rrecommendedtbsadoptionofthefollowingresolution— 2atorsaee,wsa totooduosd by BahopJanes,who pre-roaBachbaabeento.amoeedtoVwana,somesaytobewaytomaxehima flather. - *oro_pAsaysthatGeo.wMm,,."^">""~~«"»»w9««wtotLaandadjototogcitiesontheSabbathwere then anntrarced. The minaters of the orthodox and heterodcx denominations of this region bam rosea to congratulate themselves aa ths meeting of taa General Conference, for ths delegates will occupy their pulpite until the close of the sesaion-thas reUevtos them from ttia department of pastoral labor for at toast aMr.SUCSR,ofEastsaasaaTQ,(msjactarizidtherosolc- 'toa ss raonstrous; it wss nothing mors nor less than aa attempt to convert men into alders without election or or dinstion. Bto speech wss decidedly of the old fogy order, riofeaJtog tbs idea of giving young men rmportant sto-r, of New England, oasss to tbs resoos ialYtstoeatof thaOauaa 'of the Empire;outers opine taat Latterly, when snother of tbe Saltan's daughters—mar- he is to be appointed Ml ^hascof Fiaaaoo. Kick day some ried tfi Mohamad Pacha—was confined, the childgroyh says that Geo. W. Stanton ZZfJZLZZ T *TM- h P 8 J t t d g eagainst ths Bar. Mr. Wright wan " Improper intimacy with 1i t h s \ aaaese, who bare bessa to t h a t e wrsptsad aust be found out, a t «wr of crbae by a self baptmdsored ssrtoeajy afaets the haatth of the yooag BOthb^g bat •BMiitsmiMp- atost "Ptog. The sYeaoh »*Ttof;.haOWB MStastahareTaa New Law Rmxnso TOWnxs.—The namu •» «.days," in July or August, taa Buffalo aad "'' *u»jre. ui »UIJ w august, uie ouuuo aaa ftocnester naa_ . . .i of satis iatlitssaas\>acs. rtoetoedlr she Qassedl^SfoIlwi:^-^vr beqeeath to say ' — — - - tide, rehatoat or^ ^ « W s s S b tBs affirmed that tbe great edaoaTtoaal lerprtoesofthechurchwars origtoaUy started to New Engtoad Ysaag aabxators, oaordatoad as ststtoasd la paces wh»re souls were eeatsrtsd, l the privilege to ecnaecrate taa atoiasato af the tfy^f U i ^ g W < g £ g l ^"aanuafto Lord's supper. It waa a mere whim to aay that yooaglived bat a few days, saw was, thirefore, sappotdd to hare been a male infant, wbtoh, accardag to tbe cruel poltcy of the Ottoman government, could a x be allowed to the heirs of toe Sultan* taroae. Lest her child shoald, antortunatery, be a bey. aad follow the late of Its cousin, the wifs sf IB Bami Pacha ccaatrsd with harabssat bos- basd to rejoto h m to Egypt Ottthe previous eaoarreaas referred to, some of tne foreign represeatatives made strosf bat toe&lotoat remenstraaoa with the Fartosgaiast Ms barbaroea poUcy, aad the matter w u laid t>f his Mtaatirs before the Battsa.. It to now said t a a w evade a repetition of fist ontrage snaa humanity, the Saltan has sanettoned his daughter's 'flghi into Egypt, where, however, bar husband to not a very popi-tar gaest ef fits Vtosroy, who apprehenas that ia the rfysai af He ewa dsossas si Basai Pacha may sujoeedsjaa la the aawaraaaat ef the Egyptian Proriaoe.Benedict,it ls known?tatti h w ^ & i l * V , S r f c Mattesan, the late Premaenfof the B a a W - ? 5 8 0 - ° urges that he a unfitted. yaveAat WTb£AJ^X9^ tito tatoitatlon ^ " ^ S ' m r m ^•***£*tomst, " * "the appeal of the Saw. Alva Wright from the decision of the North Ohio Conference, which body expelled bim forbishops sfflrmed the action of the Genesee Confereocs inthat theto oe able to n <*ate to your readers. SsOmg aside toe ever, and deny Itseir the use of the unlimited emission katerest attacsad to tue ailatraof Sicily, our political cir-cles are but dtth > ooctaied at present, save wondering of paper, the government makes a sac iflc* w"ch how t i e S paalah e overtment will manage sow they hare renders it almost bankrupt Ia the iLMtCsse, h rssorta cacth'. tiantemoaa sod bis brother. They will not dareshoot thea i, and yt «> havttg executed Ortega with soeh t o l c ^ , p a , t o g « t e t e r e t t o f a r u l ! » „ M t c r e ^ s high baite, leer a scare* vy aay other coarse opes. Will they a. sixty per amt-to carry on uaadmtatatration. Tu?rcbe leemat A rfth the bead, kaviag. cat off the arm:' Tims " " « * » » TM * * * « broker in U t a (the Europeanwill show. Isabella £ecnn<lo is in a sad dikmma; she commercial part of the city) who bas nit p r o f i t wUl, perhac s, navel l G overnor General to execute therebels, sad pardon them afterwarils—this seem the necessities of the government to loan hta m„„ .mg^betaft redinS^ain a most ingenious way of thtoatah rate of iatorest The 8ulteB^lt e^Sw, aV parent, r>r.ions as regards confiscation of property in- THX CASK OF EXV. ALVA WRIGHT—HS UBSS "SSMnMXNTAL the decision ot ths bishops oa what ba called tophaa.R u s s i a .port was accepted and the resolutions adoptedDr. HABBIS, the able Secretary of the Oonferease rose to a question of prlvUege, reading an Extract from tbehis righto. Ia conclusion ba moved to dis charge the committee sad refer tbs papers to the standing committees, assuring ths Conference that helasmiilflsfaOsaledwhichTasjaagry3 1! k* V . H. MXTtlBOrt VBatoXNTB CfiAoVJSB AGAINST to regret very amen ism aoaue character of bis steels. KBHOr AMIS, fit Rirrammai *o *AVOBrNO'iad rrsgrmanofthe Le*»; »th lastl&r the United Stated,!LS•*?*_»^h!^W**m£ttm?£i~.own,tbet»B, left here also on the ^.m ••«. .— •— L , ..e a c C T i saother euperiatondent it w u , J - to„..«« *.u Bustaai the resoiutiea, %na ,__j _£ w a i J__l.BSPOBT OF TBB BLAVBET 00MsTrTTB»--TH« AP- PlAt 0' BBT. A. WBIOUT 8C8TAIKEO, KWJ.,BTC.araoui aaroaxroa THS HSIULD.BiTraio, May JO, 18S0.ordered oa »'^,itatof. Dr. Dsamaa coadostod Uw I * * ^ ^ exercises. toT > eAf*£*&** **£1ifha*«7hopelessstate.IU,u;'.lbeaith.Hisssveraiyearsstacehebatristoedthe laeminutesofyestord*j^s»^^^^readandaamberofurdraatoiartttso»^bstTuvnn0 ng^nsevesteeawillopposeItYonrre«iersmarimtLriaetaTB«». Mr. MHbara delirsra hto eaistorsssd tootara oa fight cptn tbe disoaatiso of tbe s'avery resort that baa to bis sativs land. „ ,^__ .. ^ bts Confereaos -Joseph Breaks, Arkansas, N. WssWa, j Aaron Burr tonight, bt St Jsatsa* BaU, aad aa tbs mor- ever occurred en the Csaference tl or." The eostaaies Several i e c r ' ^ u msrcaaM vessels visited OOOSIMUBO Baltimore; F. B. Staatoa, B R.; B. fhomas, Cahf«rait; row will depart for home, after a lecturing tear ia Ca- will meet sa Mon lay for the puipoce of making speeaksapie durtog the pest year, haitag from Oaicago and CUvs.fasd, bound tome perls sf the Danube. TtteT stars Wss. Toaag, Oncinnttl; Joseph & Aysrs,faawBre; P. sgato osaur .esced latoramf hers to tbe same trade, sad Detroit; Gos. euyor, East BdCimore; P. I bare tbr u | h t this fact not an worthy af year aotwe, tell- A. B>sdes,»sda.^ _ _ELEVENTH DATS PBOCEEDnTOS.aaa btowmg on a itttte stosai previoas to tbs "IghV" ^^ AasaV_Loroov. M?IU;.y r» a~~_to.- ^ A a T S _ * B o t o l ' *_bw* '0 J .r "V^rter to staying,The rresaaptaa ia that the ex Uiaaar took sosae rege- itI,Mi», does, voluaus far the industry sf the Amerioaa MsKlnstry, East Genesee; A. Prmflb, Bast Maine; Jao.which, by the way, n a floe esiaDluhmeat, was tae aasaatabtepoamv-ssorphiaeorstrjehaine--dutisg toe nigttt,people.rjhaftcabwy to the chair.The Rev G. B. Bnm then read the report, which statedi, Erie; J M Poltoe, Genesee; Wm 8. Prantto, IU1- John Kiger, Btdtoaa; M. fl. stare, Iowa; W. B.eeoele, Kantts aad Nebraska; W. B Black, Kentucky:he snnual aeettog of the society was held April 3d, to CXC Obne, Maiae; R. Bapp, Michigan; a Brooks, J. B. siding. I. J THOMPSON, sf Philadelphia, tod the prehmi- sad a deputation from the Coam^c^aaoTwatldiVrJeaTTnr aiato Mtastwaa Aid foctety, aad tbe -V .avesneaetx ws A m e r l c a a J a t s s l a a m r i e s .The Conference metth's atarntog, Bahop Morris pre-aamt.c^tSlf^nlA^aTt o " « W a ljthe ex-Mulswr were at the cturab, the Tartan ambas- that the Gcsp'l Propagation Society had decided apos Y. Monroe, New York; A. M. Osborn, do.; W Orto- read and approved, BBSBT OLCLAZKR, of Phliadelpma, commchdf J him Tii hto efforts to vebrag assay ef tne se sador was the only mombnr of tbe carp* disioMilto'te epenag a direct masiem to tbe Moslem, in the ne* weid, New Tor*, East; J. B. Bart, NoHhera In- aoxioas acts passed by tbe last LetisHtet*.as a prise to he compete* for by ro.iateers at the July prtsext. The employes of the gorurameut otllaes b»i re . MtcernJ chotch at CoesmaMnople, aad had sireadjr dtoaa; J- T. Kelhias Northern Ohio; J. M. Stal moved to suBpeBd the regular order of business, which Tbe Governor briefly replied, titak-ag the eK'sna ofthe Nattaaat Bids Assoeletioa, to be held oa i, aad hie Beyal Htsaaeea the Prises rt baa alee bean pleased te giro C"W as a prise totor by all oamere of all naioas. asasf Aprilsoaayet—The American assatehr aquatics have asea challenged by the geattomea amateurs of oil*eo. Cambrtdge aad Leaden, to oompetB with them la aa elfhi oared race, to take state about the aad of Aagast, the ourse to be from Putaey to Mortiaka, oa the rfrer IbMae*.the MsurhiBtar Gunrdimot May 2 says —the Bardmas Sonata, te Its atMing of the 27th alt, voted the bill for Introducing the Sariiaiaa oodea into the•miUna provteaea by a majority of 52 against 8.The Liverpool ftor.aof May 1 aaye: —Mr. Rarey has reteroed te England, after aa a*)essoi ofscene thirteea weeks ra Italy aad tie Bam. Hie time wasarte Opal!/ occupied by bis travels in in a desert among bet er laaoauram oar labors thaa by call) a I tae ataeaSoa of jus: read by the secretary and the letters read by himcctred orders sot to appesv at the fuaera! ia uatforia. several native students atuiying at St. Augustine's Cot-Ycur readers will ao doubt r«i. m>er tbat wben 9 rat »*«•, CsBbnbury, far fibie purpose The Amertcac wds- D, A. Whedoa, OaeMa; A. P. Waller, Oregon; from Erajtos Corniag, Esq., Presilent of the Contral Ball- bim, and to the coarse ef h-s iimt'ki said tbat the partseUcmg the de'aja acc«?ded in tbe new commercial tr »iy swaartes-had cordially weteomed their English bretarea. of a public man was not d'tfkv-.i if be weald siligaaay between Frasre sad EagUmd, I asserted thai loag c e the Ia the ?M matron be-ids ever which the Amsrictx m^- O. 8. Munson, Peoria; Wm Cooper, Philadelphia; Wm. road, to virit Niagara Fails in a body A resolution was seek to know bk fr.ty, a&d i*itn foljow it He mads aoarrival of the Una astasa, the people themsalvos t e r m i rt^jarlsn extended, ttrw reported for the yearthaaddl Fax, PUtaburg, Sidney Dean, Providence; B. Crews, Red these most opposed etfiret, would desire that tV , terms tlcn c? 11 miiBicnartSB troaa America, of 62 native assist River: F. C. hoMday, Soutbeastora Indiana; J. B. Cjn- of the treaty be at oace ensorcsd. The toliowisg oireolar, ants, of o newly foouded churches, 141 members ad- siagiun, Southern Illinois; Dr. smberspoon, rroy; R. M. Kifiel, 1,072 addittoaal Sabbath worshippers, 10 newunanimously adopted accepting the invitation of tbe com- paty, and lharaday next wss fixed for the trip.Among the petitions sad memorials offered were an ad- ditional batch by Dr. DXMPSTXK, to regard to ths troubles of tbe Genesee Conference, signed by Asa A ft aad others, sad by hto expelled members, which gave rise to a lengthy and excited discussion.Dr. CSBOBN raid that If the memorials were similar t> those that had already been presented upon this subject, he would move that one of them be read, to let the Con-allusion to tbe asprraebftg r.-poMlcan ooareation. partaking of a sapper he proceeded oa ttto way to by the Bight train.TWELFTH DA Y'S rROOEEDINOa rcsYaVTATION OF AX AbDKB58 FROM TRg CAXABA WBSLEYAN CONFEHBNCS BY DR 8TTNHOM—REPORTS OFTHBCOMMI'iTKkONMlSfIOS»-THS APPlAi. 0» THB KaTV. G. C CBEVT "f.-T AiNKD—RE80U7TI058,arc., arc.Bt-FFALO, May 14, lafiB, The Conference was called to order tbto morning by Babep jAxaa. Dr RATMOSD, of the New Eogtaad Cos-ferenee, condscted the preliminary reTigtoos awitots, aad the reverend gentleman offered «p aa earnest prayer for guidsnoe dnrtog the week coon which they had en- tered, beseeching God that tney woald bs delivered from party spirit and oncharitablcness while thsy discsssed groat questions connected with tbe welfare of the cbarch.Tbe galleries were filled with spectators, aad tbs expec- tation to that to a day or two hundreds will arrive ' New York, and, indeed, all parts of the country, to Ite taa discussion on the report of fte Committee oa very.adcrtssrd by the French uomiaercial Reform A asoctatiaa to the Chambers of Commerce aad Consulting Oha n (Mrs of Arts aad Manufactures through rat the em f .re, proves the correctness of my surmars:—acbevto, with 1,11s-Mholars, 4od newly enrolled Protes- tsna. Tbe total strength now stood ss fallows:—161 Americans, 316 native agents. 125 prea^htrtr stations, 60 churches, 1,147 church members, 6,000 Sabbath attend- Sets, 7,401 of the Protestant community, 177 seminaries asd schools, aad 6,11 i rcbc'.are, of whom 1,000 were Slris. The report further stated tbat foe cause oi Christi- anity was progre ssirg rapialy In all parte ef the Turkish empire.Kerter, Upper Iowa; P. Merrill, Vermont; J. Drummoad, Western Virginia; J. I. Williams, Western Witooasia; & C. Thomas, Wisconsin; W. B Perne, Wyoming.The reports of the stauding committees were eailsd for, wbleb was responded to by Dr. Pars, Chairman of ths rcmmStee on Eoiseepacy, who returned a me aortal of Bar. Hiram Mattison, to relation to the administration of oae of tbe bishops to what waa supposed to be tbe Phlla- celphie Conference._ _ „To vns Pmsinssror TBBCHAXBSSorP^»* *r ,rllao,IS**. :—M. LS Miamosat-lba Oamaerenl Beferethaogb foucdeS oaly a Saw daja, sere alreaS r reeerred ao- aa/cDaaabtauea T*e tasersunoa addretar J to it from all para giree k thessearaaee>b»t It aay. wid> aaeo-aperadoi oi IMceattera. uaerulif ierve UM .anoca tateteatt of ~jca- meree, laduttry, aad tae eoasumers. We ' oelteve weesnaotwan to complete his cavalry ciot'ects, aad give fifty CoDtrar* to tbe geri«rc.ts Ivcciiona of the manunerT.•Mre puiiii exhibitions la the railed King ion, and thea these de!a>a, waieb, with a view to a pW .r^i preto8tk»Tftv.e spoke indirectly n favor of this society. (Hear.) Hi re- leave (or vmeilee la the autumn. B*faat, where *"" been aip«Jat#dia favour of the geaerai innrem bf Teud-sring joiced that tbe prediction that this would be an ephemeral goat next t M l , is the drat town oa bis lurt. hi tbetraiislr.neaaler. bare everrwhee* ,he *i!\*«t ei rearlrdaS society had proved utterly isiltstoious Tbe importance oftog a nameless party; there was anacouser, but no cul-investigation of those matters, whatever nVght be theOar Parts Correapoarfemce.PASO, May 4,1800.^ ^ ^ h T ^ M k ^ , S ! w f * , a . ' . C Jyi>»^elaief»e..ilm7. tbe TurW:h empre waa becoming ten times greater tottea aaa arjor. we are josuael te tkiuaina mat Samems England then it had ever been before, as tt was clear nied-diesia of December. 1800, ft r ala^ae^re*%au7; that it waa sow detilratle f r tbs safety andthe iatof June. 186, ft, rtreag, ^ fj^fimstTlLTtetec honorCf England tbat Uta territory should remainsa in• t a ^ b a ^ t V f S ^ S k ^ ^ T ! ^ arttelea-delW or rcetrato depeadant and visoroua kiagdem. He sar tbat tbe Tarit-prit It ought to be returned to the delegation preset v result. He moved that the committee have tne power to tof it. send for the papers and gain information from all reliableAfter further dacusaion, tbe memorial was returned sources.to the Black River delegation. Dr. OBBORM opposed tbe motion in an earacst speech.At a later period Dr RATMOITDmoved to suspend the The committee appointed to Investigate the Geneseeorder of tbe day for the purpose of permitting tne Black trouoks was appointed without authority and without River ceagatiin to present a memorial, fhe motion was law, and it' such powers as was proposed to be given togranted, whereupon F. H. SUSTON presented a memorialaverTwne>emeptirenaseorsa*tert u ea.ll arter ttoaetwloda.The St.tiwni in Open Rebellion—GtnbtUdi tt Take Oase- 1 be atauauoa aad d.mrnu'ton of « pefSSoJ SjnrelaaVmaHa ab empire was exhibiting symptoms of decay, but tne4assoesaakm,*B<1J5' OMK?.*5i3!^it,:0aW setsa^aTehTaremS questionforthemtooenaider was whather it exhibited Kthecommitteewere granted,a fearful precedent would be established.MMti—Thi Ga&tring Storm in Cv.itral Italy—The KUc- r e>vea coato to eeaire Hit Ike pw i-a, * * bleb the appltiatiou aymftoms ot vitality. W^lLer it <va- approaching decayfrom Rev Hiram Mattison, a member of the BUak RiverThe Eisx or SiurrsBntv then atitt that the itatemerjtsThe CHAIRMAN sail that tbe paper was presented by oasof the delegates of the Black Rivor Conference, the cam- ference know tic real nature of Its contents.mittee tnst-ujted him to return the pepar, for want of WM RKDDT said that as statemeats and counter .state- du" formality. The adatiuistra'ion of one of the btthepswss wmpialBOl of without naming himhew in Secy «a4Jffoe— the Jealousy«/ Eaptoad—Pro- !ll h i!, *w ,l #*J^, JS?B *, Se MOr *ld be abridged as much aa or BO, it war tb< r Juty to dlr3eminaie toe Proteetaatt'aitb,potsiblv. IfmemeoavealenMv ,hleh we somtout toyio, a whit^ could alone uunlify the people for a struggle for Conference, respecting tbe adminfetratioa of Bishop Dr. BWMASD perfectly agreed with the prevtoosmrd, Ncrtbaestera Indiana; Fred.^.Merrick, Ohio;was granted. He then presented a letter of iaritation Bcffaloicr the eordtal receptl .n vbxa they hat gtvanAfter the minutes of the previous ssatoa sadapproved,BiahopMornstatrodasedRev.Dr.Snsaoer, pmedCauserfthetragicalEndofHxrjnVonBruck—V**!9A*»?Fi*f.,^»JP>'««»aent11abridgethesedelaysinTheymostbeabletogovernthemselves,orothernationsEpiscopacy.ThememorialistchargesthatBfthopEB.thesepapersmatterwhichbelongedtoaCourtofPresidentoftheCanadaWasteyaBConference,whowaapondBar<>fItautUon—Troublesitffvet*—theSup- lerreadeal.ff«*Jbebsaeehs,o7laduLy^atyourtbrl religiouslibertyfortbemtetvesandtoextendittoothers. AmesattbePhiladelphiaConferenceheldinEastonla speaker. Thepowerofthecommitteewaslimitedtothe sectyouiwUldoubtlessdeemu j^pe,to £& ,0,-i„scm,to March,1868,wbtohwssreferredtotheCommitteesa meawrtatoplacedintheirhands Ifthey foundinMisfortune of the Emperor of A u tr.% -Circular of the the donna hasrest of tSjpre d o w r » ^ ooasoiriar. tfepray would take ponetsion of the country and govern them; Asses, while presiding at the above Conference, " passed Appeals or to other standing committees, It wasthe bearer of an address from tbat body, prepared at theirtostconference,held si HimUtoo,CW., inJane, I960. About tbirty-eae years ago this body separated from the MethodUt Episcopal Cbursh of America, owingOommrcxcUdeform AuociaU:n—0>^o AboutHeenai mad 3a*en—the Gay Appearance of Paris—Ike Unite to be 7hA«n by the Bmperor to Savoy, 4c., <fc.yen, M. le President, u recti- »i—n-ft— /v..,u-^a a* Mjaranee, »c., JoH*WMAJTOd.free!lentand aow was the time fic-r that society to exert itself, and aidtbe Americio maeionsto spread the Evangelical truths while tbe Turkish empire was yet in existence,taecharacterofslaveholdlngmembersofthatbody,though then* duty to present It. The special conmi.teethsy had been formally arrested by other members of should not have the powers of a grand jury to make in-tbat body for alavebolding, and admitted the offense; that quisition. Was that body going to override sll law, andthey were thus clandestinely passed by tbs tald bahop break down tbe landmarks of taw and order. One of tbe to tbe political differences between the two coun- without either a vote of the Conference or a withdrawal of memorials asked tbat tbe General Conference give a tries. Theyparted, however, with brotbsrly kindness and tbe charge and arrest. The memsrtabst situ farther com- full and careful Investigation to the judictsl action of tbeB ^ a ^ e s - T v a . ^ *££?*»"<J. Basel. Motihaiea-Rond „. seere^Hee.JYour readers wiii bear la mind that I laid stren ia my > Hi.* *,bTrilL*i*Jlirer °' •*» Ooat-ates of Ibe Oosamereiai He did not believe in the history or nations or diplomacy, Heform assoemncta. the honesty, Zealand self denial of th% American trna-affection. The address went on u show the prosperous condition of tbe church to Canada. Its ministers had multiplied frcm 4s to 490, aad Bs mesabership had in- crestsd from 9.WIS to 61,6oB. Tbe aaaaoalaad literary intr rests were exceedinily proeewrous. t b s spirit af re- vival ass been on the increase, and tbe conversions were numerous The work among the Indian tribes waa sti'J continued with u.. a bated efficacy and interest, sad the Conference bad sent several sssttiooartaB to British Co- lumbia, on the shores of taa Pacifictoes, ba beating go well—others say, oecauee ne cmforcee as be can gather on tbe leland. Volunteers will quered aa Ames 1Can. Be deserves money and praii iigs to a closj.Dr. Hiis&Ann rephed, observing that there was no secret about it. The only question was, how shoold tney reme-b» sUJT, aad wvM ao doubt take tbe oommaad of eachA vote of thaxks to tbe Chairman brought the proceed-Dr. J. axuesox proceeded to deliveran eloquent address,ana they are givr i g him both to ha heart s soutenttatu pour is, and Frsnrae IL wJl aad that, like ths Pope, I'siiaUns co not i andeistaad allthis show, all tbete meetcause we extern leu sn enlhusiiMtio greeting to Cyrus W. yet tiled, :t bad uot oeen postponed. He also announced aowmieBcement of %ax d w g ^ wbich I pradlstad Field when b a had successfully laid an o-ean tele- that tegotiatlons wre still gomg on with Hanover for theweald begin witlx the ipring, add ;ou may dspend upon graph. They ohsiled us for that, but they abolitlun of tha Staot dues»that tt will not be confined te Sicily. To* subjects of can do tt tags more absurd than we ever It was repijiteu tbat government had signified their did, because, sbey feel tbat on>- m-tre America has willingness to negotiate for tbe Great Eastern, to take out the Pope are anxieca to imitate the e y m p j of the Bo- beaten them. Tins coasclousnees of defeat, ana that aeem- the lelegraob cable about to be laid between Singaporehim as a delegate to thtoquadrenalal meetingcof the body, BXBRT Suexx, of East Baltimore, did not know mica which mortified him not a little. Be to coastaatly In at about the merits of the Genesee Conference trochlea, bat tendance at each day's session, and it is evident eratches would apeak upon the general principles involved in the tbs proceedings with care; for, ss soon as tbe chairman ease. He asked, were annual conferences to be subjected of tbe Committee on Episcopacy returned tbe memorial in to the inquisition of a star chamber operation'/ They had reference to tbe m« 1-aJ ministration of a nameless btsbop, taken a wrong step to appointing tbe committee tbe other» - ^ ^ ^ - and while the Sultan's hatti himayoua was yet tn force. 'former letter upon the troubled state of Naples, and that The Esgltah people have suddenly become most hu- aionaiies conla be surpassed—(bear, hear),—for they plains that the bishop took a partisan stand ia defence of General Cenforoaoe, by whicn six ministers of that body I was aaaurcd tbat In Sicily metiers we. e worse thaa were mane—I meaa so iar es regards prise Qghttcg. The were a marvellous combination of common sense and rievebolding preachers of tbe Conference against those wereexpeUed. Anomer request to the memorial waa to •apposed. The news we have rc-^'ved riace the date of autborittea have aignlf .ed tbat La case a new battle tikes piety. They were liked by all classes wherever they who were endeavoring to keep the Methodist ministry amead-the judicial law of tbe church, so as to seeure topace between Sayem sad neenan, they win puutsn them • y r m k n i letter proTts that my fears were well for the tost Woadev whether tiiey would if toey thought founded It a now a well kno wn f»et that the Sicilians gajers bad a gnoo . of a chance o( winning ! I rather are in cpen rebelHon, and I hare received a Ivioes from think that such SB V lea would change the aspect ot things,Central Italy tbat go to show that the tnturg&iti will soon But you will not flu' to remark trial the beaten champion s a LOWthe lion of 7 England; ladles and loras wish to seohaTo noal cfT< etna! aid. Gart al<U bas goae to Sioly with btm. Lord Palms .-ston gave him live pounds becauee hewent, and they were tbe beat fitted for the purposes the free from the great sin of staveboidmg. For the parity ministers and memoera the rigat of a trial by an impartial•a~bat to conseqoer.ee of his extreme notions he has fee- dare? ieysnpstbtzers in the General Conference, of which body W. H. GOODWIN, of East Genesee, moved thai the spe- he was a member at its session four years ago. Tbe cial comnr.ttee t>edischarged, an1 the whole matter re-ever , chiefly conftaed to a eatagy oaOsasda. T aespaaksr said tbat tbe Westoyaa Conference had under Ms sapervi- stoiil 8(0 places of worship, 260,000 sttsadasts oa the ministry, o e ; * children la tbe 8abtaih acaoott and 4,487 teachers, and he eras gratified in saying that a majority of ths todies and gentlemen eagsged to teaching were con- verted. They had over 70,000 volumes In their libraries on Westoran tocology snd biography. Tbs reverend gen- tleman, to tbe course of his remarks, alluded to the pre- judice extotixg la ths minds of taa barf a milhon of Roman CaihoBos aad ottars to Canada against Methodist miatotera Such porscas said that tbe min- aters were Illiterate men; be (the speaker) indignantly repelled the tntmuatkn. Their ministers had braias as well as hearts, sad the Canada Conference intended to basociety had tn view.sad honor of their common Methodism, the memorialist prayeo, in conclusion, that thesd atiaatration In tbe above case might be investigated. The petition was dated Buf-jury. Be boned the dUcussion of this whole matter would be dismayed.Tbe meeting was subsequently addressed by the Rev.W. F. Williams, American m'ssionary from Nineveh; air.J. Barker, Consul at 3eleuoia;the Rev. A. Greaves, the falo, May 10. I860, and signed H Mattison. Rev. h. Hewlett. Colonel w*alxer, Mr. Tittomb, and Or.Holt ^Dr. OrjRRT was anxious to have a'! ths light upon the subject which, he could possibly get, and therefore hoped that a full tavtsMgation of the subject would be had.Great Bxltaia.lord Jobn Rnset-H stateu in the House of Commons,ha tesDporal power is decrct&'zg. \ do net doubt, tngs, subscripao m aad huzzas on such an ocaskm, andTrcm what 1 can teere, i>»t tea is bat the en the part o* a people tbat dared to a^eak ill of us be- tbat altbough i.lt Conlerence respecting Savoy was not Black River Conferee vs refused, at its last session, to elect ferred to tbe Committee on itinerancy.magraa.nad the saeccaaof the prejeot aaovemen't in 9oly icgl7 aadytai; prejudice felt tor Americans, attributable and Rangoon. Tbe London Turns presumes tbat the direc- a delegate from the Black River Conference, on motion, day, sad that wrong atop was pleaded as a precedent forto the days of Bunker Bill, New Orleans ,v-;; , I suppose tors win be glad to seize tbe opportunity on any resson-succeeded in getting ths order or tbe day suspended, so another wrong sserement The Star Chamber wai fixed,that Mr. Mattison could have his explicit memorial, and It was proposed to send for persons and papers.charging Biahop Ames with mal-admatietratlon, referred He thought that there was some vanity to be gratified Into tne Conmittee on Episcopacy, fne Oouference will eauetog so much attention to be given to the Gaaeseebare considerable trouble with certain disaffected and Coaferenoe; It would serve a porpose If this local contro- second to none to Intellectual culture aad progress Ba radical ministers and laymen, ot which Mattison it theand toymen, with then* wires, who will embrace the op- sated favorably, aad outsiders would think thai taa Con-aj la.ljUg that our people aad ntat lastly eonrsy alOCAlDr. CT-BBY offered a reaolattaa directing the Oommttteeoa Revivals to strike oat taa proristoa waioh allowed ef taa ordination of slavehold log local preachers, which was laid over under tbe rule.SHALL rauooaa Ataaaaaraa raa Loan's aonaa ?Dr. BAVMOMDoffered a resolution requesting tbs Com mitteeonRevtoalstoInquire intothe proprietyofattartag ths Dtacipline so ss to allow deacons bavtog the pes-total charge of churches to consecrate tbe element* ef ty rive theta at him, killing him on the spot, and then rence to ths oaas of Alva Wright is reversed, journed till Monday morntog. T ^ ^ v ^ « " » » » * the lard's Sapper. He advocated the passage of the reThe »n^t ror of Russia ext.r.cs to tbo inhabitants of the honor of Dr. Harris. The corrsspoadeat of ths Qa- J. M. PCTLBB presented memorials from Bar. Br. MePoland, en tbe ccceuionoi tae majority of tbe heir ap- clanati Gazette was requested to correct ths statement Creary, requesting the Conferenae to Inquire into sooocaider the of svitmg said words from tae IHt-Mor^nyremove^csjph B^St Es0 ^^ ?Ktkm of Receiver of the Bank of (2ii5iq J fro5? * • • • *tome of tbe female members of htacorjgregatioa,' but it toi^s^tsoarnamberof trmoommltteeilafrwmiid am)taat there wss onecharge embracing alas eoanto, eitoeW that he used sentimental language la tbe hearing of some of ths female members of his flock. The vote of his Confei t . t o » i _ • , ^^'•sssBaBSBJB T n e rence on suspending aha was rery close, bat theaotioa of month tooome. Il the Conference had met in the "do* has been poatpotsaduu t h e ' m h ^B eprotestedagainsttbe language usedof one half sad no more.)Section 2. all taws and parti of » „ » asassaathis act are hereby repealed.SXATCTS ew LrxTTAfmsrs —Tbe criminai law waa •» •i5 ^ * *T ! *K ig'" °*^*Ftof the breed sad cas- tores hat winter that abseace from the Stats fttsaa «r they sasasd a resamttoa einrosaho of thstr dsafra to hold ting BhTveaoMmf to taa sameu relation as buyingiar somewhat celebrated ooaasryman, Sarey, has just , i wths proposed action wai definitely settled npoa, aad a Peeoel Coomrs, of Philadelphia, said that tour years ago resolution will bs offered by tbs majority la savor of pat._^_* fi »* - H* P" >towt trashing in "Egypt fc |W 1tas Aias hotoca. Be found nooe of a vicious rr >m tbe time of their fbahng so domwttnitea aadhlfsku ia sabdalngfraternal intercourse with all evangelical danomlnatioas, selling whichtoforbidden - " ~to the general rule,"and alsobaras, stables, barracks aad shopsth« ground, brif grs were btesa. away,ov«r acids, aad whoto orckardsof trees torn ap by ths—— Boot that* was givenroots.Untitled Documentasntauv.. of the press: It a enderetoS"'^'_ata, Passed April l i T l M k ^_ -t—«~. ^hs report gave rise to a conversational debate, duriag which the RevTHBBXfoar or aaa SSAVBBT ccararrrmvAt taa meeting of the asarary (toaxatittoe, rassatsaai^ ^ *a r«assrumor whereastheaboveaaa ^^ ^^freesee ths arrival of a band of converts la their midst for thepurpose of oonverttog the Aldermen, who, it seems, are ^aSSSSaSpSsSS?* voting tbe people's money away as if it were but dostfender to within the Called Statesj to no loager aedamsdh-jm Ibe three years wimin whicn an indlcament fexnwe whioh was not lasaoaaail to by any breach of their sater toatrits oatoa slavery, asm tat- them to orarrids it. Ba had no objccttoo to direct tbe to taquirs toxo taa expediency af tr>i»**Hfor ararder) must be round.%•"'•denoaamations. The report of tbe committee refusing to serttotts send a dotogate was adopted, although a cathoUe feonagJosauDO rs Pnr5srrirAsia —A terrible tornado passed over a portion of Bucks county, Pa , on the 7th inat ac oosBpaaied by thunder, lightning, hail aad rain. DwelUas. — . — —i to Christ Jseus."n i ^ X ^ S J ? 0 " *•• «*•*** wasurrAS «h»Wsassyaasjody"««» rising, and oabeing avitsd to a seat oa tbe* * cerelai reception which tiVTM*}***"- »>• Stmsaa, praatdeat of ska Oasaaa Wsstojaa Cesisrsnee, was the bearer of aa awdsaasirrSThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069that waailsa»i«tIt would not beB will bo psraslvadbe fetof the committee is preciselyst tbs sad of two years, bat be was act reary » refer a memorial wbi* askad for tbat wbcfc would be isvelaaoaary. Hto previous qoeaatoa wss demaaded, aad tbs roKjajtaa kat by a large majority.Mr. I. W. Mcxnoer, sf Borah Indiana, preaeawd a Iof isaotottoas oactortof that arflor sto aaa a throogb apse af fisse or aswtoet. sain a prewo-ipt'vs ssaaaaasa asaos to taa abouTta?tJato ItVtha aaasa afsato<* week was tent'by ths 1Metho- icf tnsritisi,tnstr m m m m ^ & m W & ^ i ^ Pquent sad onconipromatog advocates ef the rtohteef the A"isrjiiDAfotirtHs raorossm saw anmors ubiquitous nigger. TheConference are fairy aware rf Ittovery this fact, and erne eVsssats remarked te day that the ata.will rvc^Vrgyiid the *»ppctntment of additional" bishopa, York East Coafereace sent Ihetr petrtioai(to laeetTrawThis is tbe reverend gent'omau to wiiom I aPuded inmy report tbe other day aa being a rabid abolitionist oftbe John drown atamp. He Is considered. In point of In-tellect, one of the aoast members of the Methoatoi body, dy the evil, and what shook! be ths order of their prooe which waa received with great enthusiasm. It was, how-and recrimination, there moat bs erssr evil work. Gene-ebeage, while there were only fllteen against, aad the tbe special attention of tae General Conference special comatttee of five.Bomber was proporUonably large oa Thursday. The to the admlniatratlon of the Genesee Conference far Bxronra or THECOMMITTBBos suawtmB.pursued. Other aooonats disagree with this, aad suite committee on slavery will present their report on Monday the last four years Be was opposed to any The Committee oa saaatoas reported to favor of grant- i clergy Victor Emanuel !s> *l present visiting hre r aI yacht, for Naa. from this ci:y tbe Court will pro- that the insurgents were meditating an attack on Pa- or Tuesday morning next, which when presented will be movement which bsd for Its object the suppression of tag tbs relief asked by ths Rev. a Jacoby, Suaeria-tang age uooopeil the thraldom of * enperstiUoos aad emdcmlwicsff, sad a ererrwhere receircd with aa en- ceed to Paget, Thenars aad Gaiilscme. Their Majestiesfew hundred of the Stolhan instirgeaa remained to beadvertisement of Sunday school publications The re- principle to be correct, be would not yield was adopted.sjasaaaa or THBctrracH rBSATore AT aiacnoxs.Mr. TWOMBI v offered the following :—vbe our people to daaonttaue all treats gtvsa bv eaadldaWs before or'at act is be partakers of sueh la'T-.iwsarass, the mliowtaa words tn parsgrsph a, sre. 14. esaa. letter of iue correspondent of the Cincinnati Gazette which would do all to hto power to secure a thorough investiga- Iv. parti. paieT^cfilieP'stipUne,^ wit, 'and tsroaglr admisrepresented bim in reference to a remark made bv Bishop Ames, to the effect that the Secretary made mts-tion or the affairs of ths Genesse Conference.Tbe previous question wss ordered, sad tbe motion tot(W_E!5!',0?\.,' saay as set are gnfity of taa practteeetors could venture on a European trip without inxrarilitn* thesptrittaJinterestsoftheirUocks,forthedeleguashotd"todothto. Tbat was a pettuoa couched to re sgaags, aaa should be treated respeotfally byMr. Bueas explained tbat he did not meaa to bs dtors- rpectful to New England.Dr. GABBT ssspeaed ths artaatpss advocated in the raso ration. Taa Dtootoitos had etoarty iltostofliilBlin I tbe of- floas of deacons sad eiders, and that rasolutios askedmy report the other day, aad it woumnot be repeated now were'it not that » w a V ^ TMthe Ommittse on Slavery to tie C I S S P ^ / S ? 7m b 9 r<*6 far every thousand members of taa Methodist «arebRev. A. HCRLFTT, co delegate of Dr. Stineon, made a few remarks, dwelling principally upon tbe mlanlonarj efforts of the church. The spirit of extension was preva- lent, and there were (60,000 contributed »»-"fi'ly lor mls-false Imputation ejratost Heiolved, That tbeOota,on lemeerssoe be irrtru-ted^ „_, # w v w , _ mtM ^ . www.fultonhistory.com 