'—wetoldyoothatCongresawastoeplace isteforetoepeople,' Letusmakehasteandelectone waspale,andtoerewerenoevidencesofcommencingjeafltiaen requirementsThe front on room,.^rSH cany .not Daughter applausequestion,coui, and not votes enough to elect anybody else.stetement, detailingmanyholdtogtoemselves inreservein his tohumanity for some time, thebeast fell.Co.; Koanoka, (tench, Narlslk, Ladlaa k'••_ laainMah -aa iUbreaoea ST'oplston exist1 tills; la the"it is toe mistress or tte master of tte world." Well, Mr.TBB CAfiB OVuse.BI.ANKMAN.by Barney.Upon this lasthDoay thejury rendered toe fbUawinc-."^iS^XrK letHicMM/nNK At*.}aadother medical gentlemen. Tha jnoprlety of maOm S^tte^hh? „*"**,•"" 6ihMteSS^«ia ta ffood; aalea ^^ ^ WOAV ^usaad tejMbush Ko.ICMca«o?"^tail(tttaoa|KUaMi*f aitaMfoB^ 4i«t« kolir or to «,aTBST •nact'to noi oomun. woeicsxms.is the pfedoilnanceof aputie^ iatarortttat aaeliaporting and Republican principles,uttio( was objected to by tome of the whodesired particular)* relatives,.'"cSu.-asftef'^?Id 1^The lawwas fully explained and toe evidence tooroughly re- LoperA Elrkpatrick.•If* iMwre a w jFiAKX, Boaaaa, of Boston, aad CAai. Bosaaa. Mr.TT^J^^^^ cibiS? ta?did'nS Waun succeed ; half an teur elapaed teforil «i«iir-,ir.^ 660.iia.at sic. Cabal FaiamM—aia.rnaaawag aato^natnreanJ fartT.'at tte hands of Wh. Sunaa, on toe 1 ItoM KlMfa^ t^gren luder the Comb »UonYiKoav, toat is ail very fine ;Poat-Martcm Bxamlaatiaa—myriad househoLl gods knocked:ateady good;"*?'W«*«0»»Tjnltori«ltegl»Utare,apdtoof tihjeWhose cottonbut whose cotton is that t »-why, the planters', of course. Ye«, Each parcel of cottoa that the planterdayvWabidetlMd«Giaione<rf the Supreme C^ «irI«W«tatBaon the ,ae.tloM ofConstltatlonaiuw.20(1;Itmttolerate none of theseseparations of Interest.theyBabiit, Rtb and Oiia ^et. ^WaUt5*Shen they come be-Hoqiltal,bnJh' 'U-h"-; Vy^^^wiT"^'''^la aotausof lavishwhere rendered to toe great Toodlesand not mora''Wifi,? »f^uSted8aiI«,powerful Influenee as an element of nationaland national wealto of toe great product cotton. [Ap-Ttewito theoff to the liighest bidder.Wednesday wito the sale of tte patotlngs, of which The annual*"""""'''",'"i";:i„Tgi.ver»butallandsur- pubUc, and, togetoer toe establishment, knocked The auction commenced onman. Is a native of Coiineeticat, than 20 years of age.ro^ Floor, 44c.; Wheat, Me.; T!..'""=''»''5«»-and toe soter, tenest people, wte sent us, were wjiBag for toe decision. We a^ toem to take kte mattoback tefore Congress. ' Take it back I—it la toa nnw>*p«t and most unconstitutionai place in tte[Laughter and applause.]But this is Mexican politics not ours this saying;toed toe tocislon ;will teoccupied by toe Commissioners Ferry.respectingmurder andmanslaughter•aaMvola,— —that it is Constitutional to elect anyt>ody who has toe most votes, and if it turns out to be a man toey likehavtogteen made from toe of as a meeting-room. It will te understood toattop toey«»'««?/ S*Bx- cttehieat aaaas Medical MeD—Scateiae^fa alesroom, and iuverdict ing Octoter,wound-$6 ''m""*'WmtA.t aales iSM busliela No. acertainlyof ^'"Sg'.'^iS? raises, unlilte sellsStateK oTartbe iMtltutlon mmSWUaHea-Betfed.Thatthe»«"«TMP^o'fSthJe ofproductionof^UadClub, $1 17 coco No. 1 HUwantee iClnb, •fio.^TBI u^ skonosAUSM <up ns oMnmr.theBat, geatleaen. 'M>«;^f^litn«r«liaeaaBtryaameetincawaei hanea. -Mr. Kanaaa, toarefoca,waatBot haia. Dr. DBAna, Dr. KiasAK,' Ylr. Raan, aiid aireral[Apptaase.]Mr, A.FaaaxpresentedaseriesafNsotatlonasup- for aCoronerwassuggestedbyMr.Bi^axiua: batIt SwS'-m»ira>iwl\aiwekmnnot»Oot- SiatforltBOwnaggTandixeaunthaaattlvaalaeon- SoRJSswaaOEHKRAI. applauded. Wbente Bal« or B. K. Haiget'sdeck,andwhenIouneoStIfoSd'^°uSS ^enFloar,18e«aBWHeatandMJie.onYork. UdftHnriiu-tJMIbbla.Flonr-rSSS*«rdMit. aa4 SlavaiybalMt «mtteT ofwhen telaw, liratiMltalba eaMnI alCoocran. liiaiatneMcuraa forwardposiUTaappeared, can priaaipiea wasaad his enunciatiaa of repeatedly(tepiibll-:IOne of was removed hero tte foUbwtog morntoa^TiimS^ Wheat;trol, aad has oootmUed, and will coatnri while it may,Ike desttoies of tola eountry. see tew these Why,greeted wito a great deal of aatouaiasmf!lTY NEWS.bowd^f^SSf ^C^ntoitew!orators from toe Souto talk aboat the great staple, cot- The ton. Mr.Yaacnmatesaspeechto tte iB«<toBots-had twnwd ed,ttemcetiagadjourned.of n!xe RicuABB K. Haicbt, Esq., on toe comer of Fiftceoih-ttreet—has for toe past two days tean converted tototoeprisoner WIlllamTikiMerl^l iij^if-aM'M^of New-York on tte subject of cotton.says, "isagreatproductiun." be Yes," Cotton," tetoe vessel the name of on boaM£>por(«-l,ie$bbia.>laar;it is.attached to tte deeeaaed, *2*M2rtotboWrteiDent oT tltelr TJew8,or else section as toe Soato iliat owns cotton, or as tte North when, aa Fakiit Whitb, (he was the proprietressw2.t5U^ Wok« expUoiUy,daHnltely and *thnotorietyformerlywhenpen- toat ownsSZSfthe^ectJonofworda to e^ireaa their meaa- erty is not to oe confounded wito .tte universality offi^"teeirii£rtui.8ieln^setocttoofaships,understand tliatof ttelocality prop-several tenses of in-&me to this City, to oounectiaa ttere were 117 pieces. The attendance was notwito tte saddesness of her decease, has served to ex- large, telng conltoed principally to cmaiaittcvrt, wteinspectionRegiment Col. MAaaaAu. Larrana,tookplaceatSUTcnurtsastheUwfulexpoandenoftheirlawin yourcottonisours. [Applause.]was manifestednumter of tte medical fraternity to witoess toe pro-ccedtogs connected wito toe examination. Araoag Pinia. " The Magdalen," a Itoe picture, pronooaoedspectotors,mateaadfemale,—senile,matoieandjove- nlle,—to carriages, on foot and on horaebaok. Dortogmorning tte Regiment was exardaad In tte evdn- tlona preseribed by toe A^jntant-Oeneral, for ISW. The drill waa worthy of toe of tte Bagi-Srh«Al^§Si7o£i^SSSfthatoome before them. And If CongresapaaaesThe Republican Party favors no such dispositionyestdrday byAmongr^.mjrtfsr eoMiftaA a'RainiblloaB lodge aayi the toat it loote really wito more canq>lacaioy at ttebidders were Mablit, tte dealerMiSudlna Slaraoy tram toe TSrrito-riee'Si » 81»Td»oMer tuea hi* alavea there; tte slaveholding toterest has allowed itself to te JS U a RapoUieaa lawver titii«a a.wiU of drawn Into too much -^t tUa - sentiment, andnrt,ajal tte Kep^Hatn aieaU Judge lays also ParisrepOtationaftemooa tte inflection took plaea.do.do. prime Wtoter, TOc. ; 1.000 do. two-rowed! nTTAa last li aiamaillliilliiiial and tte sla«e i» aot free, of this. Let us iraderstand, flien, toe oommerdal fues-iaiat fit4tat^ esse ataada, it atell te re^>eetBd,aa it extends from ocean to ocean, inliabited by a people:Math, (1M«,) •100.Flight toto Egypt" (artist ualtnowa) for $215plause.] So,yousetupthatthereIsof separattog tte interests of toe I fear Uut country.;to the Circuit buildtog up of Hanehester, Liverpool, Havre andat TacATSe^jUMt> tte Prad acott caae, wUeh made Dub whose enterprise is baulked by no dificoUies aiM runssecondcompany,CaptShalbb. ThiscompanyAbofully fair. M<bytte productioos of tte Souto toan it does up-highest on tte list.Tte same gentteman also tookfive more thantteBapremeCourtoftheUnitedStates saysthat One yourboaatedcottonlaw is oneonstitutianal and that the slaTe Is a free Industry, laid down as toe rich tritete to toe genius of normal state, wito tte exception of an tocreased aaa, then let Oie' people anbaUl to the Sanreme Coart toe Constttution, to toe strengto of tte Union, and to of fat aioimd toe tetosecond day's sales (yesterday) comprised marble and crescent cent premium. light moonlight thraiigfa Fifth-avenue,aadjustiea—reTerenoa to law and jasUee being an •temeatt* bind tte aoaadeaces of the good, and erer an element strong enough to control the wickedaloaa of tte bad—is a sentiment inciHuistent with[Loud applause.] But when you turn around and ened, and tissue more dense ttian natural, pre-at the Bato" went to Mrs. Abbott for $210. Mablbt"Bablxt, eSceetcPbas,5Se.«fi8c'1 ufeinment and muat te frowned upon every askastong cavity,ofPot. Maad-HaB I HsB SMa... IS MARINE INTELUGENCE.Nottoey! The people of tte protnbly toey feel them to some sort,) toey do not "shelves, liketEaaghter.]'Territories had toe power under toe great principle seem to know what to propose, if anything, for us to on ito turlace.Why did this principle because Kansas had a barrier of Slave State of Missouri tetween it and freedom.MBW-YOBI..THUBSDAT, Oct Mlwas lust toe place to try it.tteugh he haa tte moat votes, (and it is toe duty of somcDody to tiirow votes so as to elect somebody, iffor aofcovered most of toe stolenu Pearl and Division streets.;all toese are, by liooest American wsB foundseparatedfrom ito to a envetopedeposit right a^bicie;•f tte United Stataa. [Applaoaeo This Idea of law the enlargement of ftee wad prosperous soctety. iULxs were totact—no adhesions ; color height-wtereINEFICTIOK or TBI SXVIXTT-rlBST BsemiiiT.The Seventy-firat Regiment was inspected at Madi- son-square yesterday. Col. VosanaoB is still conltoedworld [Laughter.] If you attempt to pass a law toey will submit, but if it is a man toey don't like toey ana a half in thickness ; toe lungs were next exposed '.tdo<* and were but until t o'clock P. M., whenare held only once to two weeks. Ad- brought to a verdict of guilty of murder to toe secondSteamer Man, Nichols, Fhiiadelphia. wito mdae. «e I. k N. Briggs.^will dissolve the Union. The Supreme Court is toe wito a Constitution, a Union, prosperity, happtoess, iagesl naturerequiringtteirattmtoa. Thetrpublicmeet-Congress to abolUh Slavery In the Territories, we will not Now here is our covintry—a great cotmtry, to view by removal of toe sternum and costal carti-ings atptrheeecrnotom of the Commissioners is one for toe degree.Steamer Black Diamond, Atlen, PhOaddphla, witk mdse. to J. k N. Bng.cs.aUee."SLATEET ASD THE StlPllIlIE COURT.;wealto, aggrandizement, power and fame. Are we to appearance ever>wtere except at toeir apex, wherelargefor the accommodation of Mr. Kxlloox.withceltentoW.T.Frost luh toanlefromN.Now, gentlemen, look at toe unsleeping eye ofveto for toe candidate upon whose unusualgreater aggregate congestion,verdict of guilty of assault and battery only. Msrmion, Ship—Slavery that great powerfulinterest while which,Out-Door Poorare rooms for tte visitors and residentBlBEkerahip, Glaagowwe, a fr«e, tenest people, have been minding our ownpleural cavities;ourselves by fending John Jones •r John Smito to Coi^ress, has t>een seiang upon toeuf normal size, but wassubstenUally fur- nished, but nothtog gaudy or expensive.BOABO or FOKKlIfN AND Ehginikbs.—TheBoard of Foremen and Engtoeers of toe Fireassault and on Constable batteryFabxxll. Verdictof ShipR. Jacobs, (ofThomastan,)Henderson,Liverpoolkasiness, satisfyingparent serum;the heartnot toe not toefr 40 ds., wito mdse. to Snow k Bargess. guilty, Jury leavtog seats.and toe slave interest,power of toe Government righttoe sooner we find itmdse.toJ.kN.SmithkCo.Ship Frtoeeton, Bell, L verpMl Sept 10, wltoland 131 pasaengera to Vr. T. Frost.Bark Beindeer, Cnnnijuliam. Sagna la Grande IS da.,with to k teavw sugar Simpson Mayheir. Bxperieooedof with six millionB of white people, and we wito thirteen out theIf toat teand we will settle toat matter to our the cavities of toe heart were toe ventriclestotent to and an atrocious assault and oaaettledlaw of toat Court—aettled by toe judgment of ate great Chief Justice Mtiimii.T,, and concurred toPatrick and Fluvana Counties toe Breckinridge Dele-Inmber, tor. ^ .byjudges,gatescoagulated blood;tte substance of toe septum luci-inflated wito to afford toe curious crowd an air,•[Laughter.] We shouldthatare not connectedwitopolitics.from her husband at tl.e street door tetween(•Bartann.ontte3Eihnlt-vessel bilged.;suffrage.better,so,— have theheaitoykill,MicBAiL Fithk, wito an axe. VerdicttetteiyCircuit Courts, too. Yes, oddly enough, it turns outthat six millions of men have five Judges, while thtr-tscB millions have but four. That fact explains toe with one shall leave this\neitoer calcareous de- tMckentog,vacancytoat a —a corporation >'"«H"gBon. Hamz W. HiLUaas, of Ala-;as toe fourth ventricle, each contatoeda of quantityITarehaB. . .Scte. M. A. Jeaca, Wakamaa, TUglBto34a. Sdr.T.DavlBjfarphT.VininlaSds. 81oopWmiamlIayarK7e.fiaogertis3ds.,slaae.Vls«r, Newport BXLOW-Biig Qctostera, (Houtn,k)nown.Septs. Also 1 ship audi brig, ..., ,^. BWr Meteor, fkem Cteafaegos Sept. 3«.-(By pilot-baatlus brotoer«otporation if you pleaae-Kxrala not te sued to aare elected..^aod that toe Court will not hold that Slavery can te maiutatoed in tte State of New-York under the aaaetiaa of toe Federal Constitution. [Applause.]his word for toe truth of the25 barks, 18 brigs, Hemor.indafrom!<«ofsteamdtlp AiaMa.gtvcB,pledgesabove, ai.d to toduce coufidence in himjist'ofBO ships, \S surveved.ai^Wl ^r^OnSIOHB LIABLE TO CHAKOE.Well* gentlemen,aae way ^ if lery easy to say toey will never change, MtdaBwe ia ne law of politics as well as in aU else, aad^S^BVople wtethink it so dangerous and so ttnatea^ wO<tr Utertiea and to tte Constitution of tUa eomtny, should tte Eepublican Party te trusted witotterulefattteFederalGovernment,whenttey ate H canted on by toe Republican Party even toey aay change their opinion. [Applause.] Changes qnne as remarkable as that teve occurred to subjectsiloBACX GuaiaJtO/ the !few-York Tribune. Prof. A. P. PZABOST. of Htrvard Unit'ersity,Oct «, 9:46 P. M. , Asia, pnsaed itaamjhlpwhen opinions are allLracoui. He toinksperfectlynaturalappearanceRev. E. H.Kiw-Yark.We are all la- nOiar now wito tte subject of railroads and toe sp^edFhingles and stoves, strack on the^' '•^IIa. »n<iwhat a reviewer said thirty-five ago to toe grave yearsM Editor of the U.,Board of Underwriters.;dtc.first Englisb periodical—Ite London Quartertg. Said:tile idea of a railroad as impracticable.hear a tog to ber usual habit to make her bed and tidyhe "wasWe are not advocates for visionary projects that toterfere wito useful establishments. We scouttoe German lan- ScuDsr, (Republican.) of Wis- KaiBaiff, (Douglas Democrat,)roomto t—he _stream off BeJloe '5 IslandIwa." as einploycltoefistula and concealedgpolieB,What can be more and ridiculous toan the palpably absurdprospects held out of locomotives travelingroom acd found her;ciu-cd_ at No. 42 Fifth-avenue.{AIHKIlMIlOAK OBCHASD ACID SPBiml WATDttwice as fist stage coaches »as soon expect tuc people of Woolwich to suffer toem- selves to be firwl oft upon one of Coaoaava's ricoctetE. Lex, for to**-- Philadelihia neit .?,%' "k'snext day to load; Ortan-—"ifmEelves at the of such a forensic arena.Theand immediately sent for Dr. Rxisia, who lived on passengers German Republican General the tide ol toe street, and another phy- >omeihtog to eat;I comDlled wito toeir request,f"o•r to King uBrotnhers, "'iiA fnr Hlragoane load; arr.!i^M,!l'„^iJ° Pf-on behalf of Mr. oppositeScntjaz, accepted toe sician Dr. Rrisia came over atafu^rwards one of the Were also wamen, known as "Barney,"curative properties of this Water are eatob-^'a^J"^,'/ Uo.ofBoston. hence aljl^r"riJ^^.^f '"««•"Committee,challenge, and named last evening for toe meeting.but foani and a short limecalled in, and a messenger waa .«cnt to Mr. Blask- cabin and requested me to give Uin;"''''*iJJf".i?7h^'ir<f'°,S ""^i* people;once, neighborsMilton, of America,•?P^iiS^,;^^f;f'?'"*»nlr"stratlon have beento toe chair, and a Ust oftaining toe names of Dr. G. Aicnni, Dr. Casl Banss-Metrop<ditan Hotelii^^f^TSS " scouting t&aof anvtolna so VMonarj as ai'.^-'t'calledVice-Presidents,con-lie must wait, addingBniUincs, (AdTCrtbeani.]—,aroment•tm*t ie tte' Denaeratic Party,) and thev think Hcan be saved bv using ob- UoLUWAT'a PiUB—tte most celebrated anti-bilious^-icuF'D FRONT KOOM let to a"^^"H*^^"^^ '?',"'«P«°P''ofto^^u'^toWiIBHAinr and otoers, was and presented; I atm down and him from the cabin to the deckAroo*n"i'.»»''>','b'g«a^.r-b'"^t„h,Mkh"-,atvo., to a nrisvisnSgetefriaajdtjev^;*e fired otffromoneofCoxoaivs's rlcocliet rockets"1age. Theymildly,•tor toem to trust Liscoui andSbwaid with Tie Presidentmeettog,tainlyandpromptly,to liverApplyU No. » SS^wStT'stocktelderwasa /tjama,is nowa addressing largecrowd of toegreatdum waiexceedtoglyVnltedStatesCourtunlessCitlZfDaf one particular State. That was toe law defeated on toe subject of Union or Disunion.' S. Tear after year, and toe Court decided m favor of onelaterestand against anotter to numerous instances«pon that potot But a few years later toe Court>imiil il|lil iiiiiiiiil and said toat the previous de-everymercy lI.oudUughter.]Thecame into toe lished beyond fuestiim. Call and aae teatimoaiaisconservaUvewteProf.Faaiicib LuBia, of ColumbiaCollege, wasinrt urr.; Na. S74 Broadway. York.^ ._. ^_,„d!- Oct. 3, bark Gopdspeed and brigi" the slow coichei ofu.tx's office. No. 7 Beekman-street Mr. Blakxuasj brother sent m various directions after blra and he K as at last found to his duties to one ortte with RepibUcioCOT-the cabin as I had nothing to eat there;he answeredr'"»''"'"My tka nwaaeiamlnathm oCtte badwaa tamHitft fe*y *°-^ii^i tajfctalk ateut cotton being master of toe freemen of tte worldjthattoelibertiesoftolaeoontryandtoellterties ofEnglandhang,forsootli,uponacottonthreadiwhen fuesteonetadateomtoaitoe(l»onze)at$MI, four anUqoe stone Roman rutoa,'at$isSillgi"re. lApplaose.]1iMkea (^iMiment in favor of liberty, then letM te ofeaM^Flfow, gentlemen, tew does it happen dlenee for toe ntterance of such ideas. [Applause.] were removed enure for examtoatlon by Prof. Deaa- Aat th«vmaie Court is such a favorite repositoryAr Um wmhient of tte questions of Liberty andspiritof .commercial nations, you mistake your ao-IS o'clock A. M.tldaltsOaojtof Um Halted Statoi, and that Canit says your own manufacnutog towns. Let oa teve an end B. BouToa, toe Deputy of. Coroner Soauaaa. Tte Rojiabo, »4I0 " EcceHomo." byAkkibai.CAaaAcaiJstrengtoyesterdaya second was conducted. autopsyupholsteryofMlUtary. nspKcnoir'or th« uvchth Rsaimar.and reriew of the Saventh PLOtmm^f^oifei^^l^^l^^ ^i6fj^JV'I J.*J.W^-^ ^WMPlJ^WI pe<^ together at tteF^BSm^miL QAMFAIOfl. U^Ml aaick of frc« ia^OT •w'^^MaJMlIMbja. nofloe.b|M4hat Mr. Kanaaa—aHineet Mr. Boaaaa Prnnua and BarisaiJa Oa nu aa|i a of ..PraL-PAUaa, JuteSd'nrSrSe"^^*^iito the getas aaeh shartteether,insteadofnew examinatianwerefound ttettedocntoeshirtsbeingmadenrmentowear,thatmenweremade andkidneyswerenormal,andaportionofeachwerehis house toe accident which tefel him on toe byyouadoptliver, spleentotable,at$390,etcAmagnificentsetofporcelainware dayoftoereceptionoftoePrinceofWales,and marrow,(Saturday.)atlOHo'ckxAA.M.that,thojtaneme Court of the United States to wear new shirts, that cotton dominates over tte freeprevtouB;this Mr. Yahoxt would doitotlesa toe Hvs;of toe and some tongue,two vases (FKAmt's officers cterged wito it, toe Regiment marched downWhy, gentlemen,teve ns believe that toe great Hercules of free lateresophagus, aportionmuscular tissues were also removed for a like pur-;"Faaaaacara Arrlvra*.If you will notice, you will see that theSesoocratie Party, or the slaveholder's party, has conttoent for tte habitotions ofahifted a good deal as to where it would trust this for generations unaumtered, yet to come, finds his tion were presented ; pupils of toe eyes dilated. Upon ter of bidders was small. To-day toe sale of toe very fine one. taesBon. In tte first place. Congress was the place final fate, as Hercules of old did to toe sliirt of Nessus, tumtog back the scalp, ateut midway of tte posterior tomiture will commence, when toe throng of biddersMaveryfIs to his twelve tasks of out tois perform layingthe head and no pose. Upon examining face,eUldran. af St Lonia LouiBiBBranI a safe depository for tte question of Slavery.chargeofhavtogstolen,at persons named A cloto cloak from Miss Haggett of No. 103;KHatsaall at once toe Repobllcaa sentiment foundmeasuring an toch and a half to diameter, was ob- ofvariou^^es, :toatsig^ examina-; -o 'it willwarm but never control toesagittal sessionmay keep ittogs of its heart [Applause.]teat-the of angleswife and childH. Kirim, Mr. Patrick, ijr. Hothwalter.justicecontuston,but evidences of toepreviousday,;CBod-and freedom of6. BracblaiK, Claeiaaaa niann,do.jC.Weietert,Utazlg; J. B. Bhlers : Baa--go determine whether Slavery steuld or should not under whose defailltettog poison he yielded up the fiap, a I mall spot of ecchymosis was observed, but will undoubtedly te much larger. Tte mansion from acdst in the Territories. Large Democratic ma- vigor of Us life. Mr. Tarcit, this great cotton shirt no in relation to it upon toa exterior aumce which the sale takes place has been leased for tenFallea Repeita.THI TICTOIS or A WOMAlt.New-York LoalsFasnaeht,New-York;K.BarBWeil,Soothtiarelsubservient Norttem un- constituencies,around spot totoe"New-YorkClub,"wtewill take toe world, could be discovered. On ttie caivarium, however, at years;Ellas, San FnnelsaaKSj"a^t^lties.Mo-Aced Nerttiem Representatives, made Con-olyours toat you teve wrappedpos- A woman named Anna M. Baanan,was yesterday llna R. ;immediately.Bali; of Bcbtoh'8 Books. ^Ttet motley maaa;Mr. do.: Striomen,catalogae, knocktog down eminent autooritjes and merry pun- sters wito ttiat todiscrimtoate ruthlesaness alike iin^ag Aaainlon of Slavery, and toey had violent tional ? Yes, it is consUtotional, but it threatens all summoned a jury to view toe remains, and a4joamed characteristic of toe highwayman and toe aucttoneer.MitKaBiasT : a«Stzto wteWard, arrested Anna, alao re-Why,Tka slave interest had fi«e avenues to it for tte ovei- wiU secede from toe Union Why T Is it not constitu-half toe dorsal portion of toe spinal marrow.After the examination was finished toe Coroneren,toe.ciearea*Steamtlps Hnntsvine, Post Bavaanah, H. B. Oraaa-mt» and violent pasrions, and wicked purposes, as ower always has when it contends against right, andktods of mischief. Well, we ask, wtet have you to say about it ! Who, ucidar Heaven, shall we votetoe Inquest until such time as Dr. Dojuuirs shall teve completed tte chemical analysis of tte portions of toeOHMZBCimL TO BIB BIA8T.Ships Annstas, OoSb, Mew-Orlaaaa, Vf. T.Fnat; E. Peel, (Ham.J Jnrgens, Hambarg, S. K. Ajm' Young Eagle, Little, Bilstel, W. B.^versBiith.ga 'ttesovereigntytotoepet^lewtentoeyarea uponthissubject. YouarevotingforBau.yonare bodywhich wereto hisfortlialBarksMarias,Smito.Riehmoad,Geo.SavenrkOa.:atta 8ov«eignty (not as Mr. Douslas now puts It,for ?Down Souto Vou do not seem to te agreedfore Justice QuAOOiiBSBe yesterday afternoon, aadcommitted for trial to default of $500 ball, on a chargeol teving treated a horse to a cruel and inhuman man- Brig Tanner, HopUnson, M<Mte, MeCready, Matt•eald get toere sooner toan New-Yort or Hassachu- help you to teat Lisoour, but whom shall we elect T atls.' [Laughter.] That was all very well. But we Gentlemen, do you suppose ttet toe public ndnd of ^laafipaepeo^e,andwecanmovewhetterblackmen toecountryistoastatetotolerateadiscnssionofthis]to the vicinity of bis weli-teloved volumes. The col-third-street, he became angry, and jumping from idsHolaea.]bee^asor — and —upon ter,Baltimore, MerriUkAbbottaad tteugn Souto Carolina and Missouri got ttereUon wito toe caseBTATUXNT or DBB. riNNXLL AHD SAKMI.poorJnt> Massachusetts and New-York stayed toere tteWe must nave a President and we mnat teve LraooLH if we cannot teve anybody.else ;" and our answer must te, until you stew some concur-Arrired. Steamship Botnsaia, (Ham.,). .JIahold tte tehange in toe views of tte slaveholding—aas OP Chabxtixs ahs CoBBBcnons. Tte Commission.aiti—**uTuw ship Pepper^, of aaee,lbrlat. 41 SO, fen. a fiT^asBed ahip tpossible,)yet, after all this, if Liaooui ia elected, toeyfrom^^^placedsup community) meant, aeeordlng to the pure voting for Bascxmnwi, yon are voting for Douslas. purpose. Until this report steli te made, and tha ._^jem doctrine, that toe first comers settled tte Do yon expect tp elect eitoer of toem T No. We ftetement of toe post-mortem commission te made^oastian of Slavery or no Slavery, because Hiaaouii want to teat Lntoouf ! [Laaghter.] Well, we might public, tte causes of Mrs, Blamiub'i deato will not(ttoguishedwhen toere are votes to elect LiK- enoughcation toe aimexedtoeir oonaee-btoliomanias arefor a grand onslaught wten tms tmique collection is ex]>oeed.; Tncker.'WilmiagteB.J. BatohkCe.":down, and toe wretch was still him wtea strikingsome citizens toterfercd and-caosed liis aiiest NE'W<JKK8ET.They will say,Wastterv ever such an alramlnablo doo- Tvnce of sentiment, tew do we know but that, if we Mrs. J. A. Blankman at her late residence. No. 49iatgast. tProlonged ^)plause and cheers.] Wten,We made a pott^mortern examination of tte body ofBzmotalorTBIOmcisorthiCoioiissioh-Ocu 1, Souhampton Hh, at 1 A. M., withpaaaeDgers toKunterdtk Co. Uto iaat. lat aa aa ^k."as Squatter Sovereignty T Itleada should help to elect DoueLAS, you would not se- West Tiilrty-fourto-Etreet, on Saturday, Oct 13, 1860 youera of Charities and Corrections teve vacated tteirt^e"a^S"B^r^lt^t"hl': maner of vidence and irritation tetween hon- cede as you have threatened T And some of yon say toe followtog gentlemen were present: Drs. Wiliaiafc^e," they said,and removed to No. 1 Band- Tke Trial ef HeDeratatt and Dawdal *rta'aO toam Into voters and fighters, ii«at aimlaaBas, turningw—tentheyoughttoteplowingendtilling ttefields!nr can American llterty stud tte shock of Squat-it oat in words, where you could vote and we of toem, and hppe for "tetter luck next time." decompositionRotunda,The well known residence of Dr. FaAaois issignal red, while, aad red aigaal _ eventog. passed steaBuhia Baxoata, teaca Anchored off tte at4:U A. M.• V But we told you so, Sovereignty [Laughter.]kc., wito Bidae. aad passengers te LaUam k L_ Steamsliip Parkaraborgh, Powell, irOaiiMtaar]1 ds.. with naval stores to H. B. CnmwaUfcCa. Steaaier Coaoord. Norman. PU]addpUa,wifh mdaa. taSteamer Isaac Odell.toeyjcoleirnki.ng Anotoer room on toe same floor has teen 'The followtog cases were also tried daring toe day. Sliip Silas Creenman. Webber, New-Orleans 31<a_.thaCCosaLAB Is worse t lan LuioouParker, Blankman, Wm. H. Draper, Foster,Otters of you, ; and sml a part of you say that Bxu. Is a traitor to Souttem rights ! Wtet a bad lot of candidates tteranarder— ef Verdicttke Jary.!too,%T toat BaBcnminaa threatened toe countryiKlssam, street toe examination was made twenty-toey crepitated freely and presented a heaitoy suffer these childish suggestions to totertere for a mo- toetr substance waa puckered, evidently from oldment wito our actions unless It te to oOset it by a tubercular deposition;BAH of Nkw-Ourtem. GBBaiiLiAr,Jury rendered a sails, kcelection tSey would suggest a subversion of Americanliterty ? Their is, toat toere is a power in principlethis country toat is strcmger than tte Constitotion,8nd can subvert it and the laws, when we exercise ourwas now Ail the rooms are well and;^UHons of white people toey got Supreme turn, leaving as broad and firm and rich a legacy to weve empty and the auricles contatoed a moderate Court of toe United Stat.s, and toey liave got toe our children as we received from our iatoers. [Ap- quantity of blood, partly coagulated toe valves werelast held a to make aDepartment evening meettog sault and only.guiltyof as-plause.]Now, gentlemen, I shall detain you no longer, butheaitoy, presenttogweatoerCayBank,passed vessel, ap.suggestionperfectly treated, toough I teve trespassed much tog appearancesubjectSlavoy wito toe Supreme Court of the United upon your patience. Lord Baco> says toat " When natural, but otherwise free from disease,aafeness of the depository of toe question ofThe liver was somewtet larger thanliad been ashore, been apparentlyand Docaus thinks, on toe whole, toatIte Supreme Court of toe United States is the used to do, it is notteat place to put it—for toe present. [Laughter.] And,gei^lemen, is not this an enormous fraud upon anSaaeat who tiuit everybody is as hon- fti.u"tttog our fathers this tree of constitu- bedded to and on section were toStates,<— BiriTBLlOAHHunxo. Apublicmeetingoftte' B. 'people suppose IVow,planted fat,the day.toe but it teugbs,Lmcoto Campaign Club was held at Metropolitananythtogis stirringdeposit;coBuaaader.erai* forslavers allwellonboard. Experieaoedbadfiaur millions of white peopleterest, and wliich contains within its jurisdiction toe of liberty and true to toe prtociples of jtuuce. The pelvic cavity, and was found to be considerably enlarg-peo-£gslave-owner's,onejudgeisrequiredforlesstoan shalf miUian of whites. But, furtaermorei whenever 4kaorganisationoftteSupremeCourtshallteadjust-having fiveactive, enterpnsliigtte ^venuuent but I tell ;tubes toe of toeeither to tte claims or toe pressure of Aaaiaasa, or tte amount of population, there will te at leaat six of tte nine judges representing toe Freetoeyearly stage,filled withblood undergotog absorptionai,aeecnilagwito and aailBSirn to B. D. Brookmaa k Co.and tluree only representing toe Slave States ftea we will agree thai toe Supreme Court of toe Vnlted States of America is toe place to settle tte ^estlon of Lltertr and of Property. [Applause.]It is a great imistake, gentlemen, to suppose thatthere ia aaytoing Irreverent in calcniauug uponof Intoe Courts ofJustice. Law- ehanges oplolun"00. wito brig Fairtax, for Mew-York, aete.Slatea,;showed toat the receipts from all sources, tochidlug abalance at toe commencement of the year, were$38,563 91. The present balance to toe treasury is smidl portable engine and b<dler recently put up by Schr. Can. ATaaatreac. {^ New-Havaa.) KeMey, Na-;ocean to and be a shelter for after ocean, generationportionsof the were organpresent to toeirofWiLsiT, Foreman Engine Company No. 11, re-anaentousiastic.iltates of Mls£i&»ippi and Arkansas, contains a popu- lation of 4SO,a00 whites. A Nortoem Judge being made equal to toe task of presiding over a circuitmillion « ofple, vndle to do tte business of a -quiet, peace-lov- duced asLxobabd,Ex- OnKoop.whiteSfecoKD AmimBgABT or St. Lvafe Hoa-Is elected over Canr- flbartiaa. [Ap^anse.] But some years ago it was tte MMU. btmx Amelia and Noteway—a WUg gain. Inrepetition(Br..)•am their jndb&ry or toev have no defeiux for tteir Delegates,of toe ventri-seen to te and free business done.Agency,generationprtociplesproportion;tteceivedEngine Company No. 38, 47 ; and Jambs Foreman of No. 17 votes.of men ttet shotild te true to thethe uterus was next removed fromlargeverytoatyou toetoesweep to toe teugte and toewtods ofordinary contrivances of party may keep up, if you please, tte appearance of active intelligent care ofagitotion mayEngtoe Company 21, motion the meeting then adjourned.Barkballast to Roger Broa.London 36 Is da..Politics in Virginia. LtOISLATIVB SLE0TI0H8—KASS XSSTUia IXUCBMOIIO.SftcUl Dispatch to tkt Nnt-Tork Timet.;unmistake- $2,861.abte evidences of apoplectic extravasatioa were made bv Drs. A(ci.zMisaa, hmLtJOBs, Trna LiFrx's residence, burst wito tremendous force, to- KabIton,o Am. Teasels to pert. _, ,_ ._ ,^yers nave a prevalent notion that ttey change prettyaften, and suitors sometimes find that wtereas on aparticular point the Court to one case decides againstOem. when three months after tte point is againnisad, and toey are to tte opposite toterest, it is deci-4ad against ttiem too. And toe Supreme Court of4te Imited States—toat venerable tribunal In re-«ard to wUeh neither by tone, bv gesture, nor'i^laqiBeatloB wtn I ever raise my voice, let them teJadg8»«fdeeaa8s toat come 'teiore toem—let ttem Is elected. Tte Tirentieto District is not heard from. and a large and well-marked deposit uf atoeroma dis- 4apile them liajit or wrong—a free people muat mato- For House CmaA stated Councllmen was held lastmeetingTdbkbb Johksok and se-verely scalding several otoers. Wiixiz was blown Schr. Gen. S. Crappar, BlaaaaRicnvoKs, Thursday, Oct IS. Elections ware held in this Btote yesterday tonight.thus im-next exanuned,and toe follow- presenteda tettom of ateat MOto- you would have a tree produce more fruit toan it is warJs its anterior free margto, where toere were;Bark Marmion, Auans, Sagna la Grande Sept V, althlateral tion of each cerebral hemisphere, and covered tte . fill vacancies to toe Stote Senate. In toe Elghto Dis- base of toe brato throughout, leaving but a small portion of the surface of tte organ free from extravasation, this portion telng situated toe ve»-trict, Gen. Cox, Douglasite, is ahead as tor as heardhad been token tofirmed a large numter of assessment lists.The boiler was thrown across toe street,eettoB to Mott MeCroady,from. Otcunaov,to Pryor's District, at toe summit of toe hemispheresAfter toe Boardawaycarrying to ite coarse a fence and toe wood-teuse of6.to A. C. Havens.Breckinridge,considerable routmeadjourned till Monday eventog. There was not a The use of Eaioesoa'a Caloric Engtoe will preventMaryland Politics.of toe TORCHLIGHT PB0CX8SI0N OP THI BELL kSD ZT- cerebral apoplexy. No further examtoatlon of tteconstnictoig certainly producedDavid MltehdL No. ».) SAILED—Steamships HantsviUe,alalon waa all a mistake—and toat toe•eipention gave toe jurisdictlan of toe Court witoout Taleranoe to me residence of toe stockholders, and ttat a New-York Bank could be sued to a ffew-York nWriet, althongh toe stockholders mltht live partly JaKassachusettsandpartly to South Carolina. This, gentlemen, shows that dinerences of opinion may ^ain ground on subjects that come before the CourtsConstitution is argued before toe Supreme Court of in the ranks. They marched all over thetike United States In reference to whether slaves are under toe jurisprudence of the United States,pOeSrthyope at least that a diflerent judgment will bewe had ered what, to toe opinion of aU partiesBIALTB or AMIBIOAir WOKKW.The Gtaefcnberg Company's Utibimi Caiholi- across toe Atlantic, and says he shall certainly make OOK is a certun cure for all female irregularities, toe attempt next Sprmg, whatever may be toe result weakness, tumors, ulceration. Inflammation, whites,noke, for Norfolk, kc.; and wten toe great question on the meaning of tliefor The a similar reason, no such mquiry was tostitotodtotoeduringiVi't $1 50 per bottle.t Koare also increasmg.Judge Mzis, of Alabama, has relumed here froma tour to the Nertoem States, lie is hopeful of New- York going for toe Union ticket, but despairs of anygood speculation.York.Dr. BbidgeEe-istry of American and Foreign Shippng. oaatalaa "alocalitydiscov- awltreawoiytoeaaed tte autopsy, was the real,- undoubted causa ofd^tli. When an todividual is found dead witorunningother Free Stalethe entire Souto will go for Bsiciibxidsi, perhaps, Tennessee.CuATUt,D.D.,o/* • *guage,consin, andof Missouri. Four days ago, Mr. Kkibbbk, who Speaker of toe popular branch of toe Missouri Legis- lature', ctiallcnged Mr. Scaciz to meet htm to toesecond mate of the vessel;Captain,XBZTT mNUTE-MEH IN BALTIMORI. apcciaJ DiipUch to the Sem-York Timet.BALTiMoaa, Thursday, Oct. 18. The Bell and Everett Minute-men had a grandbody was made, toasmuch asWIN D—SunsetN. E. Bytorchlight procession to-night, numtering about 1,000f[etnoereaclloyntents of toe stomach and iutestinea;auidat 1:1of the advertisement. If toecity. Union spirit seems reviving, whilst toe Wide-Awakesto toe terrasare telf as Liixidus to secure some so'avenier of tte Prmce a-s the ladies :'.re, Mr. Van RansT w Ul i!0 doubt make agoing againstCITY POLITICS.The GermBLfla at Cooper laaticate. following effect **a tetter and witer man ever since on tte 2Sth, with damage to taw's head, rigglagwith German.-^ last evening, gatoered there todiscussionof to political principlesbetween CAaLthe the bed lound to be juade, but the bolstersabout eleven o'clock one of tho scr\-ant glrH went ud to the1•1|F.DWAai) H. Duo;.,attends exclusively to operative surgery,Esq., SecretaryCnr-isTiAHwithoutOffice hours Irom 8 to 9 A. M., 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 P. H., from Calcutta.8Di>ervlsorstaled tte object of toeuie con .stated ttet when Mr. Scaum accepted Mr. ICaiBDaji's brothers and a sister were also sent for at;aaatefUusGovemiDent, [Laughter.] ButlheywUj chaU«pge, It was replied toat it wouJd be impossible next morning, at the request of Mr. Bj^anamak and Ilia bunk, aad «hen vie were aboutto removetoanor^';?«^Srs'S.ctengXexcept,"mate of toe bark Crusader, who was admitted to tte-.^tiandkerchiefiiand,her fa^'cshe called toe otoerexpectedto sail on the followlns day;;in Thiid-avenae earstoTwenty-sevento-streetwtereMoaar Toaano, Tfaorsday, Oct U.senting a serous conditionobsolete tuberculousdepositeof boto'^;9iP!P«P»i'.uiW-MV^i"uIIforto that fraas the earUast tiaea Oermaaa had alwaya to avoid publicily, on aceuoat of tte antecedents af<pq>*Bfa aad aaerUoe of teen en toa aide e( Freedom. They were reeelval toe cecease,l and tlieiphysiciuia,; after toe ezamina-with grai^awiaaae and uaanlmoutli adopted. Ad- tlos, decided ttet it was unneoeaaary." dreasea,la Serman, were delivered by Hesan. A.a>«held toe door fast to ^ev^t•^ '"""^ te W?E?ml5?l^ aales IT.OtAbaah. at fific. BasuT-«i<^!««Lwhichany such ofand,^,«ligf°S*tte1^pubUcM Party «ocep«a tte United national mtereet, and ttet our ships are yours aod cite a great deal of interest to toe caae. This totareat regulated toeir bids so as not to permit any very fear- Hamiltonrsqaare, jresterday, and attracted crawda ofd~ava la vea - and you thanta»ila*aiibaei abdifyoiitliai go to the So- on toe buildtog op of Boston, Lowell, New-York, or two first-mentioned gentlemen, assisted by Dr. Sao. toe fbllowlag: *'St. John," original from Juuoment In tteThere were 90S men on- tte**"^"f"* '» """ »'»PeeUon of 18M. The abaeatees do., privatette and dladagoished pkysiinanstote aafromsurgeons prsasnt were Profs, Cabhoobaji, Douvoe, J. C. Baoason and OAasna, and toe tovestigation was conduetad by ttebycatalogae"original,"CoBaaeeio,•• laag aa Jte «oranunant itaiids, ao long ai tte jDdg- tlon of tola eoimtry, toat, gifted wUh a domato ttet autopsy waa very tooronito, and we berewlto present •lOO; "Guard-room Scene to Flanders," by CO. ^lTMaJ"n^t^e*f"ofi*i"'-"'^"o*-n.-e 'f^—J** wj!a's*-.'"!!»?"POST-KCBTBlt MXAVniATIOB.•OiMrtead, if -Congraaa paaaaa a kar that Slaaary by Provldeoee wito a hardy reglan that deveu^ tte preservation form beautuul andtwoS7e.»Me. rLOsn aalat -at $9 87H«$S W. Rto Coinm, .UKe.«I4Ke. fMUiBzdia^ii|m__ a dare tmtH te foitoaately died. Bat, <m tte toto every peaeefol avenne to development, formed No mortis :rigor body to a remarkaUe atateof eopiea of "Murilio's Beggars" for tili each, and* •'" New.¥ork )( diaoount to par,*aU te eatablltbadia tte Tarrltorlaa, paaaea a alare man and toe wonan and tha child wte, to our part of•ada and a slave la ttera beld, and a RepoblicaB toe eoontry, are able and willing to work witn their lawyarbrlagaaaaitoftrtrascoitbs,andaDemo-,handsandvritotltelrheads^tevmgavastgrain-pro- plaingoldringonitogfingeroflefthand;aranc Jndge in that Tanitaty lay* tba law is ooostita- ducing region to toe valley of the Mississippi, and aminatwn of toe exteitor no signs of contosian were tlESaml. and tte elaTe la a ^««, and a Demoeratle blesara by Providence wito a monopoly, if you discoverableCMM«AiiBe.dnaaHneal,>a7atte aame thing, and please, of tlM great staple for r.lothing tte world, in were present; iupon opentog tte thorax tte lieartsold to Dr. SaaLLua for «20S; "Tte Last Supper," who.greatly manywere tbas detained so that ttielr longnun,CnioiBaaTi,'nnndaT, Get IB. Floitbdallat$5«$510fisanper.yfmuaaa outltoe of its resultMr. NiBio toe purchasedatlUtcailKc. SnaAK ateady at *e.««)(e. for«r t»preeenttogrosytmtupon tte oheeki ;ex- anoldpicture,byCaxloDoLa,toMr.laviaafor " "for chemical examtoatlon. The stomach and totesttoes appeared to a bealtoy eonditian, andThe mails for OaHfania aad ttePacificeloaa aapreservedMonday, Uof toe landoidai and sutures at toe back of toe head, a spot of ecchymosisSOinBXBII IHBIAT8 Or SKOSSION.pah of Congress, and toen our Southern Now, gentlemen, toe present trouble wito our The skull however, was to nowise to- brary," is imdergoing a process of dimtoution slowlytrangto enough to express itself, and to controlserved, correspondtog wito toe spot upon toe scalp. itself,books,totegrityBAT.a frock coat from Matoew a .....a— ....a Ml San sets.... « U|X«m aela.... tl$^tteogfat Wver 4p ([oestioniles!power_ . 8aadTH«ck.U MtoatCongress Slaveryhad no-in toe Territo-fritndstotheSlaveStatesis thatwtien cometo toeycomplaining of difficulties and of apprehension, (andBayard-street;silver watch aad two gold chains, valued in toe aggre-_ .f aieawAvaa »bisbat.junction—on atoe following articles from toeEerksieg,A.Foraberg, A. Barber. Sar. *^^quantity of extravasated blood beneato toe aracteoid,a -af Straatter Sovereignty"—tte noble principle of tte do. They say if Lihooui is elected, toough every- canal a similar condition was found to exist A large speculation, and robbed (of their identity as totegral the Sixth Wardchato,worto from officer oftoepaspla contnriBng their own Institutions, and Kansas thing is done toe Constitatien says shall te done,— quantity of thto, dark blood was found extravasated parts of one great wtele, forever. And istUi tte re- ter, of No. 103 Bayard-street, which were disposed oftoe atwndaaoe of a largefiil sacrifice of tte Old Masters.tte chief Mr. NibloandDr.; finely rounded bya several othjer miiior pictures. Tte Marriage of After toeinspectionPeasants," a teautifui pictare, by Pmur Sraint, waa toe Brigadier-GeneralHaureviewedon'Cotton to Uverpool ••Md. SIkfatlarge deposit of aoipoK tissue; colorofthtolife-like,maaaivetroops, totheregretofoftte anticipatadevidencea of a axamtoatian previousMeBs,17SiE.«Ue. Baobi doll at 8Ve.«ao.at prices varying from fS5 to $100. Tte toey alighted, formed, and thence marched by gas- easy. Sight 'Exchmge on New-Torfc steady on* parttefurtter evidences of toe;;apiceslungs upon Ofien-toe pupils were of toe natorai size ;toe toorax and abdomen were toe parte first exam- toe first floor,of toeDepartment;each, a " Vase de Medicls" at $100, a " Vase de Bor- ghese" at $200, a Chtoese dish and punch tewl, witoOeean KaUo.The Ennpeaa BsaOs'.by iteVaadoMtwin elaat %••opentoFifih-avenoewaspreventeo. This ever, tte men were conveyed WnanataadyatlSc Pmidnll;known to iteju red. Upon removmg toe caivarium a portion of toa but surely. Day by day the volumes slip from toeirleft of toe brato showed a constderabie hemisphereUpon laying openbeneato tte aracteoid tbrougteut toe cervical and morseless Mr. SABDf is wading through toegolda casesmall sum to a man to the street Officer Gold-parietalsptoalry-street;$19, of/pistolsRiley, from Or. Carpen-possessionromanciste.andnovelists. Astoebooks are mostly bought by tte trade, it is scarcely neces-sadlySwift and Reisig ;four hours after deatosented no external marks of violence ; toe surtace commodious, and every way commensurate wito toeOqdihJury to tte ease of tte alwve-named parties, chargedBatterySteamslilp Yorfctown, ParriA, Bl;Yesterday morning Judgechargedwalls were meet twice every day, at 9 A. M. and 4 P. M., for con- found load^ wito lat, mea^urtog upwards of an toch sultoticn, and to pass upon applications of a presstogviewed. The over an teur to deliver- Jadge occupiedtog tte cliatge. The Jury retired stertly tefore 12 o'-Fdieaa, Baker, Provideaoe, wito mdaa. latoe sternum to the pubes toe abdomtoal \tliere were no signs of nor was toert any effusion to tte pericardium opened,wasgreatly loaded with fat, which encroached considera-toe muscular tissue of toe ventricle oly upon right ;boora, splittoeand found to contato about an oimce of yellow, trans- clerks.PATzm with an te R. L. Tavlor k Co. O'SnocUHBXT, Charged commttttogposit nor anywere,other morbid change;toe aiKlomiaalorganstana; bvake«and toe copper stripped offsugar to Jote RUey. Spote Sept. 28, off Sajgaa, V.steamer Cmsader. J. N. Muffitt:The j seats.a verdict of guilty wdtoout leaving toeir _bilged,can do to foimd two small nodules of canceroussoil and kidneys were of nearly equal size, and showed no re-fresh moulds ateut toe roots toat must work markable apiiearancestoey were deeply em- seenand to hand toe returns to at toe Chiefs officenext The were nomi- Bail last at which Ex-Gov. PximBaTaK,est as themselves ? Why, toe circuit of one of toe tional liberty to flourish forever, to domineer wito its be moderately congested; the capsule stripped —nated Inspectors toe Chairman PaTzaMAsnaaoa, candidate for and several otoer prominent Bark Prima Donna, (Br., of Loadonderrr,) OUvab by : Congress,Supreme Court Judges—Judge McLsAn contains protecting shade over this whole continent, from off easily, and the cortical and medullaryR. McMannus and A. C. Da Ozbvillx. Messrs. Joan speakers, delivered addresses. Tte meeting was Londonderry 37 ds., wito coal and Iron to order. Havawliile one circuit pre- aided over by a Supreme Court Judge In toe Slave in-had heavy weather most ef toe passage, stove boatd, bol- warks,splitsails,kc.Bark Kord Amerioa, (Brem.,) Fredericks, BremeaAug. 33, with mdse. and 343 pasaenaers to H.;duringfollovring gentlemen evening,dueed from toe effects of old, chronic which infiammatlon,90votes GbobsxT. ;Alxbb, Ex-Foreman ofinpendages, causing abnormal adhetione of teth faliopluJohanna,(Oldg.,) Fesenfaldtexisted not onlytoe uterus itself, but also to its ap-Bark TalisBian, (Nor.,) Hanga, Lanwing, Norway. H ds.. wito Iron to Foste k Meinka.ttet it has notfriiit of late as it used to do. It is not and its lining membrane pale and tiiickeuedgtohaotd dototte butit is you teughs,toe;cav-anniversaryof St Luke's Hos-Bark KohltS, Brefaea 38 ds., witk Cader, (Bremn)mdse. aad 333 pasKBgera to Roger Brothers.Brig Suninm, (BrJ Mathers, Boston 4 da., ia ballaatto master—to load fcr Cork. _ Brig Reptrter, (ef Boston,) Giaay, Cardeaaa 33 da.,anythingateut toe roots and extending tte free soil from which; one of the ovaries was toe seat of cystic disease to Itspitalchapel presided.mustderivenourishmentthatit Isana amplify forever and forever toe growth, theotocr contained two Graafian veaicles; at tiiis pe-havtog com- pleted toe removal of toe caivarium, toe contents of toe cranial cavit>- were exposed to view, aod made(AafwIlMBait.]."SH.IBtoe flower and toe fruit which nature. [Loud applause and cheers.]toitsriod of our Dr. Fiimeli tovestigationA letter from CoilinsviUe, Ind., :IT. Hbeauty,telongIyoupro- stirrtog ity;cavitybody of toe uterus was empty,—The second riTAL.to reproducetoe—— Dbtlobabli Calamitt ^PiTi Litis Lost.oftoecervixwasfilleawito viscidmucus tough,was celebrated lastinstitution. Mr.JobsH.Sumnual report was read, showing ttet 468 patiente hadbeen admitted during toe year. During toe sametime there were 59 deatiis. The Treasurer's report instant, saystoe subject of examinatluntealtoy, but on Ufting tUs membrane from tte sur-face of toe brato, well-marked and Wlien theto a small occurred tere. Tte fordo. villagewere at oncediscov^edtoe effused bloodand otoers.The Common ConNciL.—aoo of of Dr. H. WiHO, and two otoer men, names notflour, tobacco, kc, M C. H. rtnen k Oo. ^,Schr. S. A. Smith, Femaadina, B. F., Mda.^ Edwards,;was spread on over toe surface of toe brato, teneatostantly killingand was tosufficiently abundant to entirely conceal toe subjacentand fatallvwito naval storea to DollnerkPattsB^^ ^^ , Vtofiaia 3 do., witktte arachnoid membrane,many placestoe Board ofknown,tojuringcerebral substance it extended over toe ;toe end of toetorough buildtog nearlyof ttebratonecfsiaiy^for toeexpoavirecles, ite substance wastte two lateral ventricles,from congestion as woU—CoE's Gkeat Balloon. ^Thia mammoth afiairis on exhibition at the Palace Garden, where it is dailyportunitysoft but tte walls of tte ven- tricles were otoervrtse of about their usual consist-op- togetanideaofitedimensions. Tteinfla- tion takes place to a shed built for toe purpose, tte huge monster lying suptoely during toe operation. his a wonder to tte way of canvas, wtetever else may te said of it He is confident in the telief that it is desttoed te waft liimency.Tne appearances Just descrilied wereso decided and cliaracteristic as to leave no doubt to tte mtodsMr. Cox has over to spent tl9,000of ailpresenttoat toe dece;ised diedfrom of aa attackplaything,and has. for Savamian„,^ Jma-;his throat cut, his teart n^itored, or with a musket ball at the base of his brain, it is not considered necessary to search for poisonhis brief stay here will teg and other local derangements ot toe uterine from them.prrseot caie. ilaving ascertatoed what was regardedtji the true cause ol a certificate was rendered aeato,to aceordaucu w 1th tiie facts observed. HENRYB.SAND8, M. D.,TilO.M.\S C. FINNBLL, M. D. NotwitUstanJlng toe fact toat six days have elapaed smce Mrs. Blakxua.n's deato, her remains presentedgentlemenaably good sute of prcserv aiiju.;;more obscure uiseases of ture,hiimorrhoids,pelvic viscera.^^ somileaand pillows had not been pluced uponfirst mate.Rup-abaceasef Bvpilot-boat Ma«>;»y.'.^Ji'o^lAaBodforHosWn.m herdiscolored, and appareiilly dead ;I had charge of toe vessel, and while sitting to toe cabto two of toecame in and requested me to give toemshe was dead some of toe ;hisI told him toat the steward was not on board and thatfrom and otoer imilvlduals. phyWai.ciana reapeetaUeHiBAH Bearwic, (lateof Coming,) Sole AgentBo^o .attending when ihathewouldnotleave,atthesametimeapplytag.tobjeS^ -useful eSblishments," ntBHAcsas, Wn. C. BarAsr, BDWAaa Robihsok, Jr., the Courts. He appeared to be terribly shocked once knocked him Both health andTill[ AND BED.kneeling by-servant girl, and tne two laid her out upon toe bed,j27. Sb»Jrkx"'harIe. „_^^j__toe dura mater wasteppened;sels at toe base of toe brato were examtoed, transacttogbustoess.Mrs. Wioxurra."Scte. G. B. ConnlaitiaaB. Ohaadkr, 'VlrfinU 1 da«on toe section covered to tte basular artery; maktogtheall times at the of Hudson-street*8chr. Orris.wito to Peat kSnU.heaitoyHartford.Schr. Angler, Beasee. MaahattanvUIe,.^ wito iron, foraad were to a remark- The inscription on Jase Auocsta Blasxmaji, ternCoroner O'Kkkit yesterdayitass.exceptIt ;the side of toe bed, aand neck badlytoeand a portion of toe crew were absent in the CityC. H.K.of KEcdy Hook, ship Mi.tt»p.*n,1« ds. onl ^Vl^sthe news of his wife's deato was communicated to me an opprobrious epltoetmoneypor-'4 d8«- for toe past year, from whom due, and wtet measures tell, Schr. B. N. Hawkins. Safibrd. Charlaatea Hda., vHkhim. Heimmediatelywenthomewithhisbrotoerand a The relatives of the deceased—two ^rving toat lie vras under toe quorsPicnrBBS, *c.— toemostMrgantmansions'In Fifto-avenue—;M.oeobusbSrowi^X Eeeend•r Dra. Flnaell aad gaada—Other later- auctioneer. The family of its owner tetog aixiut to off Bedloe's Island."Flotib better, withit, baiongato himspeak toe truto T It la toe cotton of tte Nation to SoaiaaiB, toe remains of Mrs. JAxa AaaoavAALAin- collection of stetoary, curiotitles, and articles of txmt age,power,bypatotlngs,lar^ and ttet he was intoxicated at toe time toereof; 3,aee primebut as an item national wealto and of national cotton la it, Mr. YmciiT Come,now,tte whole contents ofwhosewhich we teto telong. Yes, Mr. YAsaar, It is.CoronerItad re-a;prime tlt,tlinWe You cannot provote an envy at toe prosperity, at toe growlh,«tttewealtoof aayof tteStUea, or at tteAK were oamatoed for threetaken to toe dead-teute at Bellevue— expenditore—have been;eating Partlenlara.In accordance with the order iaaaedEurope, maiuton, comprising over 100sfiost e.oco do.. 21onstere.Wednesdav exhumed,alterdays at Greenwood Cemetery,from theirspend several years totteprofane hammer of theof Ifinx; Chicafro Spitog, $1 I33< ; 6,300thewitliout numter2 COOCanada 20 Club, $1pedestals byImslielaWiaoqaatotoewas knocked off to Mablit at (1,026, and was toeCountryInnYard," FteraishFair,""Duteh Inn," and several others, to Dr. Piraaa,parade by dayUadhtBroadway doit CoaadulL;appropriatedSuperintendent of Out-Door Poor. In toe basementWAtmaSTOK Habtzbs, indicted for stabbmg Abba- E., was hove too onder bareinstf.,or polesM30 dsn with ironncmtoatian for Assistant-Engtoeer, to fill toe occasioned by toe resignation of Jobn A. Cbbsibb. Mr. Dbckzb, toe Chief Engtoeer, called toe meettog to order, but soon after left the chair, wliich was toen occupied by Mr. Jons Baulch. It was toen resolved to hold toe election on toe 34to inst, and to have ttefrom 7 o'clock A. M. till 9 o'clock P. polls open M.,tetteryWiLUAMRioxBT,colored, charged wito burglary.Found guilty, but recommended to mercy.Pbtzb todicted for railroad tickets Clabx, stealingfrom toe office of toe New-Jersey Railroad Company.I carriage. — once. The called to tome fcrward to Wsprmaiation of tte act moreUntitled Documentreportshad been read, addresses Mr. J. A. on Mrs. Wics- LooAii, Mato-straet oppositeP.B.,Oct.S,wfikaacarte J, T. Oaatiaa^Osb.eveningin toeof toe Thean-Presi- dent JoivES to the Chair. The Comptroller was directed to report to toe Board all unpaid ferry renteremorsetessiyInjuredenforce The Board con- payment.were shockingly mutilated, toeir heads torn to pieces.kOy.„^. _^ ^^ Schr. M.Tajlar.LrmaAVlig>Bia3dB.,vltheataquorum of the Board of Aldermen present at toe hour of meettog, and consequently toere was not anyof such calamities, and may te had atNo. 164 Duane-street comer ^C Schr. B. M. Clark, (3-maatad.) Clark, Albany, w«»— Thi Balk or thi Peinck'.s Cap.blaoe TheTelearaph.m.ttet; Mjtl» bokfa. bushels Com, aad 17,iMe bashels Oats.filincarriage purchased by Mr. Yak Kaksv for toe especial organs, as well as toe constitutional troubles arisinguseof the Princesold at auction on Saturday,Fob Six Douabs Fiva Bor- TLXS « lU. BK S..KT £V ExrBZBS, ABS CBAX0X9 faZrAUl TOTHX EBD or ExPBESa LiM raou Niw-Yoax.Address Joshua F. Bainoz, M. D., Resident Physi- cian, Graefcnterg Institute, No, 2 Bond-street New-Probably Fatal All'mr an Shipboard. ANTZ-MOKTZU DlrOPITION OP THK INJUr.Eli MAMwhere he is uot knou"n, he is permitted to refer, among otoors, teantvad atheldexamtoatlon in toe case of Hkitei Waxlee,'secondand expecttoe llth inst., -aboutCrusailir, boundbandsaaved. The principal ^'J^^^'^waZiic"r. ,to die of n-.v on !:i=t. injuries; Tliur.-layall part ^r»itM^o'clock, acconlingJaneiro., Hlscellaaeaaa.S 1'. M., 1 was on buHi 1 Uie bark for Melbourne, Australiii. as slic layt^,}rrrUff.acgt4.Sctlfel, and ttealso teen sived.-(Both by lettirto KIl»ojdsn ante-mortemtoe coffin-plate wasW. Match ai, 1823 ; died Oct 12, IcBO." Mr. B. J. Blasx- New-York Hospi'al on toe llth ir.*it., sufl'ering from a "O.N THIS HlAD, Mt LpuD."—Wc mean. of Malaoa, Sept. 93.—ThebrlK Sea Lartt, Bopfciaa. sktSPXECIlEb BY CASL SCUCBZ ANP OTHKRK—WHT On Iriday niorr.tog she took breakfast wito her husband and niece, and one or two otoers, and parted CHI'.ISTIAN Kr.IBBEN FAILED TO UKZT UK. •of Ids recovery is entertained. Fol-and •SCfltKZ IS A UlSCUSSIOK. o'clock to toe morning, being toen apparently to her andaafetyof trains o| cars. Bat let me read to yov .The large h;iU ol Cooper Institute was filled lU'jal ^ood hLalth. bite Ihcu, it is supposed, went Im- medistclyup stairb to her room, and proceeded accord-toe a terrible stab in toe groto, said to liave been inflictedrAdrertlaejseat.]is one of K.vox's famous Hats, from this port for Nev-Tork the 33d Inst, but retornaa head, aasbrother-in-law of toe deceased, has madeon ourwehavehavebeite.nThereisacloserrelalionsMpte- gear,causedbyaaaccidental£oUisiantoeprenooaMAM,a seanrian att-aohed to toe vessel. Btatemtnloftheciicu;jstaccc5ofherdeath,totte byWiixiAM.SEiNNza. m^aibus^-onk60course, and we:Within a day or two tiic injured rap-tHicn a nwiocren fitlLnghat a.:iJ wisdom than is generallyLight wito a coaster.Akhoda, Oct 1.—The schr. J.nolowing Is Waxlib'h depositionDavenport Davijoir a c«r«oidly that"I bf'lieve myself to be in adan-^eron': -Lii^ition,F.calof themeiQC. Call on Kkox, No. J12 Broadway, from Norto (:;anltoe fat Barbadosre,efwitothhoiieof toe head is very often typi- anil he will tell yoa all about it.i :'realized, for the outside'upper toat it was best for him to leavepulled toflueiici;of of the men to take himcer- and bilious-complaint Jumhe ness, eitbcf calomel podophyllum.toehas aa enviakde diaclpUne for exceUent drill ; for to^t ** matterwUehcoaqianyoftoeentirecommandteanotT;statuary, bronzea, vases, figures to terra eotta, Ac, Foorteento-street Broadvray, Gruifstreet toe Bow- _Ac. A beautiful marble group—" Tte Three Graeee" and Fourto-street to " erybash. Maaremained^13M>taiabela Can3,CC0 bashels Bariey. and 1^00 bushelB lUe. tSmi^slabbed me, and aa tte peraon whom I knewWheat Onrsoa. Thunday, Oct 18—• P. M.That Hxaay Wailbb came to his ICM, on board tte bark Crusader, thenSO for Kxtra State.^He said that lie was a native of Ireland, ao years ofhe could not say whether tetoe accumulated treasures of eoc. years or not He was committed to prison. WAXLEB,<tte "itools,: 9,M»do.. J1_1M$1. .SxiKRaa was then examtoed to tte prescribed 'way.Beceipto of Wbiat—was knocked down to Mr. Niblo at $90S. Tenus were dismissed. Tte route was lined wito spectators. of White Wtoter, $1 »«$! to ; 8priKg,$l Ofi«tl IS.took a bronze lion at $59Deato of tte Stag"was purchased for $189 by Mr. MAiiaias, who also madeotoer purchases amounting to nearly $2,000. A Capt MiLLZB was to command. There were 423 men marble vase, antique Roman, wito rude antique base, present After toe Inspection and a revtow by tte was sold to Mr. Sards for $09bronze) to Mr. Maish for $125(bronze) to Mr. Tatlob for $02 90.quite spirited on toe secondwm T*?"•"wSif*c**a^n'^d'3''?;!??'/*"''~"Samtfiir^ 4«.loose leaves from anscattered to the four wtods by toe rude breato ofIBuiBOvtn and otoerworks fell beneato his hammer, as well as many dia-Yesterdaycomposers aq^ltheirAn Irishman named Patrick O'Neil vras taken te-;—9J"o^t'~e* altteugh toe num- in front of toe St Nicholas Hotel. Tte parade was a Sasstedt BremraLion" Fifth-avenue, Fourteento-street and to Crouching Broadway*The bidding was Broome-street counter-marched, and was dlamused ^^^^^^2-to commixed prisonas " Burton's Li-unciasjied binding, gate at $39, from James McQuade, of No. 98 Mutocr-;!W=;had Infiicted toe wound H ^..^tom, VH;andground—teraa. WaiaxT.iSKc^^ anr eompany HO, eonstitotlng toeV „ CoTTOV^ Kiw-ftUMfa,ThnrBaay,Oct.-l$.haa adaanced aaleaJ to-day I4,i$$-MeaLanyette-plaee,toeyto-day, IS,000J. A. Hazard. Lanon.disconcert toe spirit of toeir former owner, if it hovers ner. Willie driving up Flfto-avenue, near Twenty, Schooners J. v. Fanlklia, Bastia, : Mlst.lMan»'way, BaltlBore, MerrOl h Abbott /. M. ;teven, BalttBOTe. MerriB * Abbott :sary to say ttet ttey go at prices which must'te satisfactorily determtoed.Drs.Fumii.andSAnastevetendedus for publi- Saturday,andtoe biddingwill toen te spirited,as toeheadtoaDrutolmanner.Afterliehad^^^^^lection of Stekespeariana will probabl]r<te reached oncart, seized a piece of plank and beat Us horse perseveredM. Mniaa A. J. Deoffice to toetoe body of deceased pre- toeir new quarters—a building admirably located,the wito toe murder of Migor Kornx, of toe Weehavrkenpropertypavmshopswell h eken.^^—Jand"'-•••Ryan;Vvii. L. O'Shocibsbit for assault aod battery .wito Ship David Hoadley, Magna, Bremen 48 ds.,witkwc the rectum, are j;ury gavedated on toe llto To.day one of tte most awful calamities ttet eversogarSchr. Brontes, (of Plyiaooth. Maas^lGrandeAna. tene ash UI.B.Oa( 2S,wMhMr. Looah, little WtLua H. Woia,... Schf. MaaebBBler, HelMB. Rieh«Md Ta., 4 da., vltkone hundred potatoes.yards, and through a teard fence, but was, strange to ^chr. J. NIeketBon, Dteksoa, Oaecgatown, D. C,not much dlsSgured. The two not recognized with coal.the_knifo_or ligirtme.i— toerintteBatemaChannelfarttelastItds. BaaalS ds:N.ofHatteras.'fflater lAUe Caaa- Iiii5:,f' iit *^«^ unchanged i rales O.IWkMhda'~ Schntse,'o New-York. Luke Imrciu-ImMbnsh.'bom. .tead^'22»i?«^^t;J«^State fimr-rowed «tTa«iT»55. 4,siMr do. Canada Weat, aa BatUo,na.: dtj~MG. bickenaen. New-YorkFanny FencDheiffl, Frankfort. 0.; Chas. StoU uavife.burg;;B. Waatnakxol- «,».LoalsRoewer,StLoois P. ;Baetera. dol:Bassac,..baa been 8 di. N. of Hattena. Sid. to aa. with brigMay()aeen. Oct.4,ontoesouthernedge<tSalt*' Mub;r.igs YoungSo.rM«i"»iran, Wg. . ^tenee. for Nea;The Supplement forOctoterof toe AmerteaaUoydaOct. IIbound E.; 3th, II A. M., passed itwaWB Xaagaroo, bound £.: ieth,4 P. M., toond E.; 14th.8:30 A. H., passpeBdatiieeda;aistdeiaiipB^PteersMieal,ltbae>oad &; iith, 0:3S p. M., passed steamsbtp Canada, bonad E.Boat<.n:At Port-su-Prince.t.th. brigA^Bfo'^CPra-lrMftTiAncu,E-^f -,epkeel could make no aaaaaaatAnderaan. Uacaa, C. _^1$ 4tt TZTTal'll " Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 