 |iLlhsglesos to point - * tm -_toss^ewlooked. ^ ^ » i It is true that nuty thousand msa oast t**JMof womb of bowelt.W£»***•Confusion, distnatani vremsre smut reign., »„Baforeth»^Ttoiota^^m^an be lattaUadCalifornia gold..41.006 fit J»m 47tfitS .7S.4W73%I allIVDIANA.Official return? from seventy Ore eocnttae of Indiana,comprising abo.it three fourths of tho Stats, are peblbh- e-i ta the Indianapolis Sentinel. The total popuiattoe of the given counties is 1,134 839- Po^ulatloa of the stmt occntles in t»60, S26,8e3. Iaeresse, 290,144.NEW rosx.C,A\A'< . v TJ. .—The Messenger has the cestus retornt oiOansnoaigba -ud atme of tbe to«st m Gstario esonty. TbepopulationofCanaadalgnaviltareta4,719,tadoflbs town 7,0t< 1. Tbero has beenao increase ol 411 to the town since 1SS6. Tbe taott of the towns ui Ontario thos aa Increase since the but enumeration.rorcTATiON or RICHMOND.The results of tbe labors of tbe oeosea takers thew that thepopulationofRichmondaggregates 87JM whiteandblack, bond and tree Thta ta aa increase of osly 10 aoe since leAO. wbca the population of the city wat 27,670 Tbe annual per oestage lacrosse fan bees a fraction of 31percent,TEXAS.The Austin Sta" Go etu gives toaw InteresttagttatttTktuaai milieus of Property to to Destroyed.|< 8*.^tottss|g#^yN"MS^#».^w'w ^W'' *#* IEstablish a PaperLlaeoln to Protect them by Proclamation and with the Amy and H»Ty,iWAtBtSDtua, Oat 14,116$.. AMiMjMiiiut vieway • smnaw »SBS faP^Mni^WH*W>af ta Mean r» Jhrhturmm end JafaalattSS, etc. romavwlt lu the InLai lui uf Uie Jtatta to. Stosrgte, jMabajam, RUsstottopt, had^^^^w^pB^Bpjpsi^"—^n^^tn. a^B/teWtw^b " W • ^^aPss mf (• aSSJ TM •SMwi^^tta'tfilrfc.stoThe eteottos today TO to fill vacasoiet la too Legtehv tcre, oauatd by the itttgnalion of Thoaaaa W. Milter, Senator, aad William J. Rhodes, representative, tn* tall aad Everett party pat ta nomination John K. JacMoo, &q,foitha8ea«fO,aadWihianaPCrawford,(eoaof ex43ovoraor. Qmwfcrdl, tenaor Sacretaxy of Wat underthey are ucloldgisater even than the BUI» .. - . s»aiBpaB«»«BaBBBBsiWby tb* Aboltttuail.ta Support l i m t mm HON. DANllL B.^8 iU£S TOSMITH.[Prottt tho Bnav.n Liherator, Oot §.day of tast week ooj weU known aad veoarabl* rel- tizen, Jacob Marker. She patriarch of tttersawwssd shanctorsoftbucoontry, made his appearance ta Wail street, after an absence of several years, most of wbioh rive been spent ta tbiB city. Mr Barter settled ta Wall t Met to 17SS, when New York had only tairty flra thoa-lbrtherna*eteopoUi has made for the test twenty hiustharestrucktheoldbrokerwithadniratton.wat, hi his time, one of the most important fiats-of the country, and during the last whs with Pus he raised nosey for the governmant. IS M panic 1125, a great numher of the baths, Insorance coapa-unfortunatea on trial was Ja»b Barker; bat the jury could agree ta hit case, and he wat Anally acquitDuring the trial a Judge ordered hln t fine of a'eddoitora tor some ofleaslee word rotative to one the witnesses woo, at tr. Barker was aware, had _Kto trrosusa nisteaaents to the ooarst of his evktapce. toob Btooped down, wrote s cheek far tbe amount, dot Itched a nieasrager to the bank, aud handed the fine, to Hd, to the bests remarking in a natural meaner, Uutmm- m/s>p* Msgh» . 11 -- n:ia aot oontaett to one party more Shon t • . •h'r.ihreatB of resistance aad disunion made in Cvugreas and ontof Cbcgress, the southern States sink down intoaiqui- etccDoe, the oemoraJIzatlon of the South will be coaaptete.iportionsof T*nnenee aad the eestraJohn K. Jaokson (Bell anu Ererett •ajantf aarWTpoa...,,.Deliriumisowned.............Fracture or theskull.. sowds ....„...; i • Hernia, tiracgnlated...nal thanawmanywhoawforteonsJoslatootioa of Itanata.aad 1 a tsasratty naosfiBl wRbsat waiting for any overt act. 2 That that d u s does tost caesswwe » ssayartty. 3. That (he South will unitedlyRhssta initiate any policy calculated hi interfere with theabjhw of thaSooth; La other words, tot inaugurate too jUhaawa of the tboilttontato of the North, aa they hh toheea advocated ever atone the aatt Btavery waiMa matter which many to tho North do whoa the Booth speaks of tha•soJIIIiiBliili Large anmbers of the mesaberaof the re- sahlteaa party spnra tadlgaanUy the ImpoiaUoa of being M Mpreferred against them, and yet ignorant of the ubariiSarhiOiS Of those whomaaast univeraa lj dechure to bo ahOU- Xhe doulh do not think It alone reqairee an >o»t, robber, aasasasi or a nigger In, to be aa ahoUUoaht. The aaedoraio mem hogs of the Northern republican party think it dees.(dell aad Everett)uf itsfinalextinction, triumphed andto lit chain. Tbe whigs, •melting under charted tbe Blrney men with htvtog caused I •tore power, Mill la tbe garb of democracy, i and defiant. *Its arroganot aad aggressions bate gradttbe ejet of the people of tbe free States, and *ready" to adopt any constitutional measures totoree: but they are as loth to accept anyisiegal or impracticable as they ware In 1S44,Silor tbey now see more eltarly the neoetsityand tflective action. J%m of toe sixty««n .......... aM (MM beaded get.ft own standing before aSMS* sts'.y nil** MI hour, and with their gold beaded•oath wbo believes that we most aoparata North, we appeal to hit humtfilty, in case Mr. • .pesos,»» o W t r o oar oaaaootlaa wt*h tho Pbrave moa. who are now bristling with flharpe'a rifles' •ad John Brown pikes aaoTtttaaaioa, into a oonatituiijoal aa* OhrtsihM warfare. ^ _Ton have rbaght agood Sght, aadl haro t » . . w . , „ - . . aiMakw Too atrack oot ia tao night of oar h story, an 1 poahed forward ta-^ogo the aapav wtl<<raaai wf htgotrf aad pnjudloe, aad with yoor eogtneeriag hantemeata cleared the way for the groat amy of progress; aad aow. awtead of ahartaf ta the victory, yon stand haektag away at the old atamps, and oeoaurtag the frisads of hn-"manrighteDecaua^abwyareaotarmedwiththekindorTHK rLOT IN risauna.ie coaaMiraoy extends from Ourrituck,N C,threatsGlbbt*Was, Blackwater, Gnat Bridge, and all the dlstricta sdlttiwost of tfttat BfVar, cuvuii pickaxes, pitobforkt, ks. Gas of tbe Princess Seas tsagtalraits tosuiil a wstsash far awhi» mux named Toomaa Carroll, tatsutttd of tooMhSfilhstas, groos to Intarrectton.NKOROBSWPRISON. ...There are twenty one negroes In the jest of Prisons 5 Anne county. Va,,takea upon sasptoka of complicity inItlheOltyaadnet-ber to the lttb-#*a to* fjwLISCQU loan AID soumliw the ImprestiWe Coafllot is to lu short, the lite, naovi. g, •olive eieueau of ShS *j.it» a atsrolOsO of UMrty, like tho Itaktanale/ilr lor cect-tBtuu or revolult * , tee ooeHertaalr.) ele neat is tor peace now, and for dissolution only as a la*.BeCarried0a.HRRORS IF StfttUSSttN \i THE SMETH. tmmtantfrmButUitthelouof\Hmrtf,ynthin? that mmtottyHmm km* wbatty take place under circumiUmoa of wjIrpraswurpasMdinAsUaVyaf noffow. aerteonriitHrtk* and luakiUttooa, under l than tbnse which bapaod over any people Ia n t s MX'tmpmt *» etop tw progress Tbe «••*•'•« «** motne 1s the type of tbe d»aiiMM tesUmeat tn mo3 .uth. «# ihe opinio* of the tafcmted author of the -'?*aaee«»e 'he 4th of March nextbona It Is not beavy taaation, which tho aeons of Uftog, or otoewseiherI aotftar-de latectnal[fei. die 'St tae jwere heir auo forimptarethetin lota,nterfiles-.at toto*tberespectedgentleman whets sane appears In the pittttouw, fron the foot of hisbeingsswell hfi gasuarlj knows, asd the extraordinary careerwhich has made bin ta deservedly popular. At a dta ttogutohed Wall ttreet financier of tht otdea tine, bisp. Whichsillwa*Uttfemv u|lwKe>f IN*fv| *•» fc 1*60 the jtsES A">m I St-.ettn i -Aral 0«* o> a* OSSsitpi ExdUmuaU about Ordering 1 1 laeily.waooaclujolhlabrtaf aUtea United Salt* Troop—& Will Bit* • « IT erf o» tae rortof iubmtnion, by declaring that, in•"""""• * di'lg-g^s^^fca* if^e^h tStoi: - ~ "~ass asptaj^f1 ^BsesBBPVs^p tsss^av/pp^ wws^sBases of this city; and at anyDertoaal htatorv. is addition to those tlreadr suppliedut, will be read with interest, we give the following fron the Mew Odessa Acsyw" of tht Mth art,, the title of "Old Names asd Ola Associations : ' -inSOUTH. thytor*a adaajafatratioa) for repreaeuuaive. The DouflaaTotalf •» di *democracy placed la nomination Jo&a Dariaon for fcoatot, and Ooorfo T. Barnea for repreaentatiTe. Mr. Oarlaoa hi a warehoaao aad e muniaaion mercnan t la ibta city; Mr. flarnoa h a yOMBf and popotar lawyer. ThaBreckinridge aton audo ao aoajlaatiofl. Mr. Wyati Dkskinaoa, however, rather aa ardent Breckinridge o u , ran aa an ladapoaolahf nanilpli The eloctioa waa Thrf quietly cotducted, ajlhoogh oaaaMerablo Lntoreat faf iort by tha iwoglas and Bell sad Everett moa wMh{ro.With the highest regard for year moral asdMl •chavo to point oot a few facta w {MOBS IN0BKDIAS1RM..4Cancer1 fl 1 of the stomach.. 1adult.L* * ¥ * * * • * • * jsWeVsitT'• t4k. mspeet to their aeveral ewdMataa. roUowa:—The result waa aty s settled hip diuorences to cash At another time, the old broker, wbodistant port a thlt richly tatosuraaoe iy; the tatter engagicg his friend to hare the ship ipsa, but Jacob objecting oa aoooudl Of the expeunata Sunday, atd the two frtandt dlo' not meet,tbe morning, aa express, who had ridden a Ions went to the private residence of tbe banker, aad noed to him that his ship, ao long expected, aad oa of which was all hit fortune, had been wreokel on iree of New Jersey. It m u t be remembered thattime there were neither magnetic telegraphs neu- ral!wayBacrosstht JersoyanpetilstnlB Anothermight have lost his sewset usees adobes unexpeci .low: but Barker, with ha eves and ears always open look for tho main chance, remembered Im-aedtately conversation of the previous evening with bit frient, President, and without Using ess manent he testtbe folio wing note:—atom Jons—V then bast written the seller , tend Itthe bearer for my signature; If not, thou neeatt net thyself about it, for I hive ju« received news ofdp. lbs fstoss, JAOOB BARKER.President of the insurance company bad not yet the policy, intending lo do It on Monday morning. but as toss as he received that note, be battened, of , to m up a blank and to Bend it to Barker, wub a ta which be said that the paper wat drawn when note cane to hand, asd that be wat moth pleated tothat his friend had news of his ship,t on Monday noralsg, when friend John knew whatof news Barker had received the day before, hecould forgive himself for having drawn tbe policyinconsiderately, aad for a wary long time he had aroa iv>ATOB John Dariaoa (Donglao aemocna).^...expecting hadacoa.10T• of that* regtass toads ta thefollowingeoa- 6«o. T. earao*<(Oshsbw) ...........< —-• P"ai slavery to theeM States, and therebyF**n*tertbtra.,'f # 4MM, a review o* the tone and Baatiofmtr R aarRimftATiva. W. P. Crawford (BuiL..JOSMajority for BarnesMr. Dickinson ebtamoda total of 47 votes.Ihto ia the first time for eighteen or 'twenty j ears thatthe democrats hate aaaatod membero of thf Legislature freta tr-la county the enoteek to-day wai hbtreen the Donrlai men aad the Beti Kreretta. Thf Brecktnr^ge party look out little inter eat la the canvass, their votesabout finally divided between tha sever Ue»ndi The Douglas men regard tbe result as a victory— ana ia (• <.rgia— and rejoice accordliigly. Messrs Miller sod Rhodes, the retiring Senatorand%^ t f|? • .toleOyesrt..^...... lIn too meantime the, Beclciarutge men are not idle.aa* the South tBslst taot aaoUUoakoa osaaista! la Tbey are working night aol d«y, and do not re- icntive, and slavery would soon be on thai titaunderstand, was executed yesterday, at the town or Talladega.|Bodand..............Tft Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . iSellevoe Hospital........ t CltyBotpltol « Colored Home Hospital.. S Island Hospital 4baser evtis than these; aad those are the demands oflheasatstavery aacn of the North— lemaaua they have heeatai In their elforca, aotwahsiandiog tbe easy conquest tion. winch is another name tor freespeeoh) tho tbey asttelpate and nearly all pa>ttes predict Tae Uell- Irienus of liberty can rely on for success. tbe Kveretta are also srtde awake, and work vigorously. pioneer's axe, which hews down ignorancetMINISTER HUNG.pita! •• ••..•••.••••... % St. Luke's Hospital 4 i St. Vi^ntaBeapital.... 3S 4 ..51their nttmbers are by no meanssmall—areto take the election of Lkasete as a cause per st of shape I met United States Senitor Wigtoll, of Ttsas, atcontestremainquietly entrenched behind tbe b booty, ready to make fresh attacks on thd people theflrrtopportunity that offers.' Orthe American /tap. wi'.k free tpeeas and afrie toned on every fatd, into their camp, a?co<proclamation by the President, that it " s maintained •" Should the tatter coarse bepuiarms for the State, and bad made ao appropriation for t that purpose, hut that there was bat little ttosew at this time in the Treasury, aad he waa determined that it a k e f Bhould go towards pay tag for the arms, even if the offi-then done, at it to at Lloyds, by individual sub scriptlon. Too bargain for the tosarasoe oa a snail kdventere, not a ship, was closed at the firtt Interview, of which Mr. Barker, then ta his minority, bad aot aay evidence; therefore, on the following day, when he heard.•...ISO}.168 v a *4fi>day Tlgfl'ltt'irrjhauantyga yesterday afternoon. Be spoke of the aoparatioa aad tho erection of a Southern coufedsraay. !itoll:«.-j.>ic and said be could not believe that i of intelligence, exaerleuce aad Mr. Buchacan would attempt to coerce the Sbuth, declare that oao drop of blood splUed aad tbe Bee. Senator knows the tone of theohtho cers of the State had for a time to do without their salelend rite. We regard thts at a self sacrihcing and patriotic of tbe disaster, he wrote a note to the underwriter, reDANIEL E. DXLA VAN, NSW YORE, OA. IS, I860.of Bmithern righte win bo the signalwill bring the South together, from Marylandwith one Sean, on* mind, one hand, oneu-au re. But it was not only among politicians that re- marks were made on the same subject. Men la toll 1 stunatag,sound representative men, were startled at tbe ctmcastretion, iDsigmttoant as it may appear a t a d i sof popular sovereignty Is the Territories* for the would have no tide to attend to these outsit)^ roents, but would be busy in defending tbe "dir tution" at home. *But tnpfiosc therepublicanparty gets oontfw vernmem, what then?>? A volunteer cavalry company hat been organized at Dby Moscow, Polk county.The eniMos of Cantos, Smith county, have formed a volunteer military company.A one cavalry company was recently o-gaalzed in Aus- fgo. tin county.Theone impulse *ad one objeah They Bay Unyhave ao other alternative. They will defend with too tat.ee. Tbey cannot conceive, ss tbey expressed themta thtactty during the week en-ltag October 1C: tho range of the harotaitsr aad tb«rsttoa of wtod cerreate, aad the state af the westhrate and howle knife their conetitu^ooal rlghla, and whisk the oonservative portion oi too people will restrain ejmhfsaare ardent brethren until the critical moment arsSroSor the hnpending lang^r be averted, they will allselves to me, why tbe administration shiuld order troops into this locality at a time whoa the Southern mind (a as fired, and so illy prepared to brook anything that pears tbe eemh'anoo of federal menace. Since I nave arrived :n August* I have aseertained that the troops wereTwo VolunteercompanieshavebeenformedatMarshall, iat-: Harrison county.at 9 A. M., aad I*r.M I I\iwhich tney prosecute the campaign J.t thia North. Success generally strengthens. If, after all tberesolution refers, wefindthe following:—We hold these truths to be self evident: i:(aashnr' of the three parties ia the South love eacr- tUcr as they staad arrayed at protest; but, soon oommoa tils s t s e s against a onamon foe, their pvrsoual i aad bad feeling will bo orerwhelmMl In the i with which they will all By together for the i protection. Of a I parties the BrecsinriJge partyto the boldest ia the South, and, strange at St may ap-S , la view of Major Breckinridge's repeated declara- tnlhvorofUnion,thatgentlemanhas hlsatrongest sates among the open and avowed dksuaaonaiu. i ipoken to in relation to their hMoastetcncy, they act aow ledge It, aad say "Breckinridge may be the Irst stay have to hang." Major BrockLcridge's favor of the protection of slavery ta the Torri-to,however,thesecretofhisstrengthamong tbe i of the South, aad tttothtowhtoh wilt give h.mi Southern States than all the other easdjdalei aom The aegro question ta the vital question of the •d you touch cotton. Vaoch mainspring that keeps tho of the world In motion It literally feeds toe and clothes the naked, and is one of the ot^tt'alAdd the ~*the general government.•are create! equal; that they are endowed by tU with ceraia InaUenable rights; that amoi 1Kb, liberty and the pursuit of happiness cure these rights goveramenta are intti voted deriving their just powers from the coni governed; that wheuover any form of gov somes destructive or these ends it ii the people to alter or to abolish It, aad to lasi of Oongreat tbe spirit of unfrien iilnces to Iof injustice ta tbe other.BttogbettBdidsts It pejsooaUy inter ootid ia the lastuotion laTheCommissioners,weunderstand,havepnrehssedthewesternpartofthoStatesincethedroughtcommencedLawrence•It seems to me that this platform ta broad held all who regard slavery at an evil, and* " ^ ' J ? * .f Lg*..M*».'"ai|s. to* tho Stater Are they nota a s l l s s tow while of the Brectm- ??*fQ-^^ssapwgg,sts agtotuneeandsfpportoflever wblcb, properly handled, can turn New England upside down in six months. Half her papulation would benaspert to twelve months from the day the SouthernStates oesse to trade with her. Tae Southern people oascease that trade if they will it. But it ta not say purposeIn this batty note to ditean any political topics I writsonly to thank yob for remember leg me when tbe friends SS by Tt she will be relieved of the incubus of a hitherto1J8M»t0 e &TM?lT^f.g*?*?^1** M JM>B HU wwir aaaenaisatioa to stand by, art aot such*«rao friends, Nabottatastotod W i r ^ f l ^ s S v o w X s o i ^ ^ S ^ *? arttuphesi moneyed monopoly hated oa humaofieah,3 L - - two thousand millions of doltarsj and, to ascompt4b^aMoSrto shsw*us»***i2?"terPl'? ^jtapothm, the constitution has Interpreted and grossly violated.TSsifepiibilCBB parly ta made up or Northern i Nortnlrb sentiments, and we have a right U i the eestrefltef lndueoos of the Ltaoota adrai wifl be in favor of liberty and e q g a ^ f p E d e L ral u d oflutttatloiai rigato; and to geVore these' every bidTvMlual.they aill have to ^SpSheland cruahed, as tbeflagftfoa,1i / ,ut, This ta the retmhUean platter m wh-n ^ . iof the assailed States were called in council, aad I aware you thatIdo sy rapath;ze and expecttocontinuetoact with those wbo dare all .and haxard all, rather than tee Mis- sissippi become is powerless, depeadeat province of a black republican government, aad hold her constitutional • rights by tbe frail tenure of blackrepablicanoaths. Whet f the sparks cease to fly ap wards, Casuaohes respect treaties asd wolves kill sheep to more, the oatn of a black republican might be of tone rales aa a protection tostave property. |Wtsx^btnESdurpTDAisrot A-SSKUB'T.—P. a Talmas Othergold.TanatSag their.,to ahas k>thejjoutbernpeople of on their staves alone. Of course, real estateoorasrauti.aadoaeoftoo to the city, recently declaredi»^r*to?S^d J^*, ^t < m o , *o r t B w i U i"1" no Sooth •sthmVuST» T1lcir ,!*m8 w o a J d b* b'eckod. The foua-To,48fl56tofneconsiderable ota*s wbo have lived by other-moans than hocost tabor or the doroiopement of aay of the resources of our most bountiful country. It to to be hoped they ne-ver win return.'' a •• •• • I in i I iin,.;tw GSUARS BRAECM Mrsr—TheJSMewtaf tasstate- ment of the depotlto aad coinage a| the "New Orleaot Btancb Mint durlag the month of September, 1800:— Goi.I deposits—TM *. . . ,L . J l lnotoooperaing with yes may be found inthe representative, are both ail nen. Tbe newly elected party dvinggood service. They have bees I1 « years and upwards." .............|*»will, therefore, increase Douglas' vote In the LoirLslaituv, If tbe note for Preaideattol el.ot.TB eomes heiore that body, as ao doubt It will. The Douglas men tutu* Uut it the election tor Msmbert of tbe Legislature wore to bate occurred to day throughout tbe State, there are strong probabilities o* the Utile Giant carry tea the State Uf course the Breckinridge men think directly the contraryBen. A. B Stapheas addressed a large meeting at War- , to Warren county, today, lo favor of Dangles, just from tbe Cherokee region, and reports favora- bly ot the progress of Douglaaand J.iuson in that demo-cratic latitude The Dooilat men art making arrange menu for a thorough canvass of the State, especially In tbe loser portKie. now alotoat explosively Breckinridge.many years in scattering the seeds of truth masses, until a plurality, if not a msjority.of itr e free States arefiredwith the true spirit and awtSMted by a diced purpm, not only toprev thtrgrowthofthestavepower,but to beardden.Bow can this be done, it maybe asked, wit fering with State righte? / earner, by _coin in the Presidential (hair, and holding hit i tim so the Utter of Use comnnuwm and theftrm In other woids, it may be done by piacii tercment in the hanits of men who will have ike I "defind the freedom of speech and the pros" tn j States. Let this Obnatltatioaal right be denned 1a3 To p: under the South for tho benefit of the North: bra new protective tariii, will be one of their trtt msasuresOf Northern sectional dominion; and. on thp other hand,to exBBuaa the treasurr br sectional schemes of appro- and organizing it* powers In such form as tmusket altered ta the manner la which he proposes toalter the muskets lo the armory, tad we unhesitatinglypronounce it a moat eflectlve aad reliable weapon. Wedo aot n y this from a mere cursory iaapeotioa, for wehave already tested one of these weapons at the TredegarWorks, asd it ta decidedly superior to any breech-loader 3d. It would allow of the continued use of many of thepriation, will be a congenial policy.3 Immediate daoger will be brought to slavery in allthe frontier States. When a party is enthroned at Wubto|ton, ia tbe executive and legislative departments oitfco government, whose creed It is to repeal the FugitiveSlate taw, the underground railroad will become an over-ground, railroad. The tenure rf slave property will br /At ta tltlon the government for a tmlzm of grievac he iteakemd, and the tkwei mil be lent down to the cotton Again It -uj a :— Statesforsale,andthefrontierStatesenteronthepotfc|of ThisconstttntiQa.andthetatsoftneU>. MaataVttLsauektesfrmStates,4 With the control oi the government of the ['olio I States, and aa organised asd triumphant North to susjuinwhichshallbemadeinpursuancethereof,aadM "lade, or which shall be mads, under the antb * ! ! nlted Stales, shall be tho supreme law of tfieMSS f 892b,7el .14JI0 . . . . .12,710 16,S«6LickingMadisonMeigsMercerMiami 2».*»LS, If, ta our present position of power and aattadngss,Sapreme Court.in Ri hntond, the President it bound by his oath t Wto I 1,000 Adams sad Deaae't piste's, from Ames, at *20ed down to Texas to one year by abolitionists, what will be the measures of insurrection and lncendurtam which mustfollowournotoriousandabjectprostrationtoaooli- tlon rale at Wuahingtoa, with all the patronage or the federal government aad a I nton organ isatton to the Southwrites to the Austin Gatetu that, under date of Sapt. 13-.—IS regard to the general prosperity of tbe State, I may say that taarouteof four hundred nilcs from Aus- tin, through Beiton. Waco, Oorticaaa, Canton, Qaitman, Tarrant and Mount Pteasant to this place I uad the prosmtaskmert, will visit tbe Merrill factory, tn Baltimore, oa S:x by no means to gloomy ss many persons have beesl to believe. In tbe prairie teotions the dependence vidingtheState,attocoaspossible,withMerrill'sim- thepeopleIstatsontheproduoeofonttitaUonthanthe38S46ateaaamert aft tha iknto* •«. -_ to support itr Secret oontpiracy and iu attendant Harhrs.State of Ooarsto for illsttratloa, tho mmtnman of sorrort, will Kooar oner ewry porrtes of the econgh la Its tone to satisfy tbe most ralicafTuesday next, aad we hope that we tball hear of bit pro-MontgomeryMonroeMorganMuskingumNoble (new coontv) PerrySttofi fiBSH 2M8644,040 —2S 7TS .fit ,000...It 963Sl.TSS32 674 14 428 13,8*3»363SSASOft .640,.1.064>3i)areBjasjgssMSntottaodsbolitioottts— £5*L*3S%*"^angoageoftheblackrtjrablf menwbodcaicetoseeslaveryabolishedin s ilks the foitowing to ttwlr Sreokln- speedy aad at the same time oooatttattenal mprovement.setae of stock. The tatter ta ta as fine a condition as can be Inagtaed, while the former ta tiiftuitastt for the I necessities of the population, with a small surplus ia ' moat neighborhoods. In the timbered sections tbe lup- Pfy of corn ta larger, while the eettea, which takes thea the stock of the prairies is almost s lure, except oa Bed river and some otner valley iatdi, ere, ta many Instances, 1,000 pounds per acre have made—about half a crop, as the planters ny. It all stions over which I bavo passed, oars, where platted_,the peculiar Institution of GeorgiafjO: A. MeOawaid as^Bpn. HenryPickaway. Pike........ PrebleRon8ciotaShelby> eaaalea.tbeyshouldbetorgoiylaterestediaslaves,now asw^maay negroes do they own to their own nghi o r e s /a Bowmnohc«ttoa,aotaas4rlesdoth9Tratotf >,DoaotJamasL sswari asd W B. Uaiils>s7r\»ugtes otoaoar aad aWsraatu tor tho First district to Georgia, s u a , to thaw own right, mora necrota, plant morammeiU Governor Johf J. Pettus, In a letter announcing hU up by sty tog:—IAolttoBB^BUBUS*TBS GOVERNOR Or KTBgiSSrm ON THE CSCRSB OF TUB SOUTH.foroe^tbeir^^S,0.KUllD«•*?"» » « r ataveaonthneo markets of the cotton States, l u o t^^TthTI^'SJf ti «««*«• of them , h * tTM0^ must oe,_B«ve property most be «w»ti«*•!«•rWtoke MM la the depreciation of slavere* pfovti (yt.Dout':X "JTM* T * S r a * ***• v^mhm • touta.(he***** SMS uffl seU out and boat ttoSouim.^*JMsstoei sifss'Zess,1tt^ass%s SSSBhtOSOf£»,— 00 tafttoSau^^! "t"w o u l J»«akco away; and,8 fr raL^onSes ^ ?.%!"'^TTM»«fbily aad aa abanrdtty, HMhrth ^ v ^ , * • " ' • » o f Ml that u sssM bavo T»^m^L1^^»^. S«7,418~i7 tica of Travis couaty. The ic-u' posulattaa of the county is 8,108, aad of tbe city of Austin. 4,489. Of the sepakv . 110,0-50 00 Uonof thecennty 1,600 are native bora. Mr. Lereewaof the South. Is triumph sf<M.^irS-C**0".Ultf*»*« XMK, we mak* tie 'l.OvOragles... bat hitherto enjoyed an unblemished reputation aad the Stiver coinagethjir slaves, ^haJeflerson went to the vesre of coottltotioaal break dews federalism and build up repabllcaalThe controUlng Idea of Jack sen wet todividjn agstatt a moneyed monopoly; Bad to order to Unitod States Bant;, he trampled the eoatUtnl •teued by tho Supreme Court, under big feet.Sincebisadministrationthepowersof tbego have bees wielded to sustain, consolidate aalhas produced from twenty to forty bushels aa acre. I am told that further south it to more discouraging. Own ta hero offered at f 1 per bushel, and generally ta all the cdontiet mentioned at Iron SI to SI M. Matt a tbun- dAut everywhere, and grass Is in tho greatest profusioa. Mfcr.y persons are waving the State, professedly oa ao- count of scarcity; but It Is sate to say that the State will be largely more beaentted tssa injured by the exodus,Washington.. Totala» ^°»«rp , ..» rv^mty,l3S with the President of a11 The rata oi the South, by tho •lares, ia not like the ran of any other |van csirab s u n s raours oaDaaao TO Atracsra. dice, and opena tne way for the entrance of i andceived a letter from Otto G. Welch, of Denton, riving the such a plain trap.particulars of the cxer ;•tion of tbe Rev. Wax. Bulley, the The interesting souvenirs which the visit of Jacob Bar-BiDDaroHD, Me..Ai"-"-» >^tai tit J^PSwaT1 •wbOjaDST MMg VSanPsBOPwaavW H H M „ H M < l H t M -""" « • !Sh^emawas*plore tho defeat Of Mr Btrney, the abolil.. f\ itoty ior thf Presidency IB 1844, and Infer that tho•rnttsaent baa dwllned, becauas tho —"~party does aot number so many votesthe plot to wheh we have heretofors atroded. Tneirex amination by the court wiU oome off oa Monday, the 5th of November..-•-,The Galveston (Texas,) DoilyflrafWasof tbe Mh Inst,tells us that a large dwelling hoste, recently oecoptod Sf W. J. Choppto, Ssq, h Hoaston count v. w*s destroyed by tire on the night of the asth of September—bolluxed to be the work uf an Incendiary. ^JISRISM W BOOTH CAROLINA. J For tests time past tho oitisaas of Greeuv 1U0 have had reasons to Paswra that their slaves were tampered withSy? abolition esthwartot. A Viglbuee TM**"J«* formed, but owtsf to theeoastat and dexterity of tho" htotBdlartottt wattbnod imeogeiWetoimtchthea. At m meetiagof the oommiiiee it was determined to tenure theserVioesofdetective rwlieeofficer Ootes,whonotlong, since rendered such efflotont service to the oitizens of Orargebarg, C. H. Officer Ootee Das since visited Grees- vilre and succeeded In ferrettag out aad turnin? over to tbe committee several parties, with such evldsaoe at irn- pltostett than is tote tranaaotioiis tn that tows.ORPIRBO OFF.WlUiamJ. Brewster, a school teacher from Matssxbusetts, was orderetl oat of Sosaervilto. Ala, last week, for tnoendiaay sentiments. Ia his truakwas found a letter from Stsator Sumner, written four years ago, oeagrata- lattog him ta his tobort to "the chose."CONVICTION Of NSOSOBS., Three aegro men were oosvtoted at the county court or Lunenburg, Va., held last week, of an attempt to potooa tbe family of Mr. Spencer, and eentesoed to be hung en Friday, the 9th of November next. The effort to ki I wis arranged by placing a stroog ad mix ture of some potaonou* uerb or plant into a basin of milk. The peculiar odor ofthe poison proved to be so strong that the suspicions of those for whom It.was intended were aroused befora the milk was drank, and to thia circumstance are they doubt- less indebted for the pteaervatiou of their lives.NSSBO HUNG.The Selma (Ala.) hsue of the Ul»t ult says:—We leanthat the negro Sam Bowell, who was charged with betes the ringleader of the insurrectionary movement to Talla- dega county, was tried on Wednesday last, by the Pro- bate Judge aad Justices of that c •intj, before a Jury composed of weoty-four slaveholders, and found guilty. I Be was condemned to be hung without delay, aad, at waJdisease of the kidneys. 1 Asthma........Dropsy * thschett.... t athshn«...T.is •»•••• tMr. Blrney to 1844, aad did to l>om aSeM growing out of the oosttottoa thati stavsrythe abetreet, sad It was tharelore right totfor its abolition, as well at to prevent ito_<, ppoettg the wtsktatlos of Ttxas. Bat •greed nprn. the two faca, tbe wrong of slaveryrf«.bt of abjiittoo, they did not agree uposf ptas a OperatkuS Some contended (br f——' cipation by Ctaagretitonal enactments, Iui.ioa and others insurrection. At thosewas with the prlneiples of oar tastitattosSJ rptrit of a Cbristtan civiiueatlOB, tbe Qay whlgs, | nwiaiyopposedtouwostasstosof awry,**" org«iltatioD and h>ped for the best, while the < party, pretending that T o s s would be a sDtbflRy, adult Debility, Infantile i>opty,TotalSnrofhta II Taster4 Ulceration oflaadpreseauagm the face of the South (or yearswhich the anti aUvery movement of the 1 have Just rt turned l>ont a tour throogh £aotem aad tbe ext re it e ol tb<«e powers which God hat M)ta nan to whom tbe Bailey lcttor was addressed. He was ker ta Wail ttreet reoalta to the mtod of the old iahabi-Wetttra Tonntssee, Alabama, Mtoawaippi, aad a slight children for tbe working out of their oss^ M ha?ed,and which infuse lata It much of Its afciraatoh on the Eastern trenttora of Arkansas. Every- while taws are but milestones by the»io«; arrested near Owvtlle, Bearcoonty, Mo , by the Payette taott night fill up a book, and ri*g vf lie, Arkansas, VigltastaCoauaittee. and sent back on the day that book will be written.we have no doubt that ogcVSattty, iBdepeaoeat of tha TerrltorhJ %ao«tloa. Wewhere 1naveibuud, ea.eciaily In the agricultural regions, bow far tbe race has adr inoedtowardeelf-itbe utmost cticfrn regarding too avtlen of the federal Erery political party since the Revolution ! government to the present crista. Every movement to f d, during some period of iu history, to M ojS regaroed with a Jealooa eye. The report bad reached the extension of slavery, aad yet this mons%l\overland stage to Sherman, aad frost thence taken toFort Worth, where bo was bung on the salne tree en Thlt article drew forth the fnttowng communicationJ....*.........».«4>»... S IS<»-!*.:..........»«.BPA. Taw aholttiaa of slavery ia the Diatiiet of Columbia,• .12 abolition of the sfavo trade between the Stales. •erne of the preotneta that a cumber of stand stealthily laatanlng lu langs on new territo: f, •'•i tiag it, asd that it was lest while getting some oate from a Constant Reader:"—4IS USS 1818 IS. ....IS 18• .....a• a • < • • « S . . Wof anas had Juaa heea forwarded to Charles- the poll, and blighting every green thing Wl| lish stack near where it was found. Be refuted to make any Nsw OtxSAMt, Oot. 1,19*0. aSahUen or repeal of the Fegttfcve Wave law. ton, 3 C. Tbe conjectures respecting the movement breath. The reason Is very obvious. It is the farther disclosures, saying that he knew they were de- To THB Eonoss or rat PICATOSS:—47 S.... t...« 44 ,....SS fit......................38 ..*..»«.».»..«4 ......Mi The Southern protectionists (of alavury tat the Torri- aadtaoSotth-were infinitely various. Sorco declared the act to be for the purpose of atttat the sassSass of Sooth Oaroiina Intbctf projected"rebellion; ethers that it wan an iaitUUve step an tbe part of the todoral goverasikBt to coerce BtaJfS CwroHaa into subtntoston toeosasle of refractory pro.South, by its adroit manosorring, has Hi tbe North from IU ocnsiituttcnai righta to mi tlsues yearly put forth to divide the free and F. nave States. ' Htermined to hang bun any way.THB SFFBCT OT *HB BICBNT KLtXTIONS IN Ttt%tiOVTB,A despatch from Augusta, Oa , says that "the elec- tion news from Pennsylvania, Ohio and Indiana has cre- ated a profound sensation among all parties in thisGtEBRLBSSs—In theremarkspublished ia your valuable of Sunday, ta retatioa to Mr. Jacob Barker's early there are some errors wbioh, k« Joattoe to that agedIt would he well to correct.Although Mr. Barker visited New York ta 179S, whenthere wore but 36,000 inhabitants ta that olty, hit place of business waa not in WaU street before the war of 1812. He waa extensively engaged in commercial pareuita asd ptock operations, but not as a broker, ia New York.IS IS, g:::::-::::::;:::::;S S•................ >f..aall an Me at deolarkMj that m oaae Lincoln'sohoNorth- needing*. Thujasthetalklatheupcount,ythroughMis abiurd to think of staying the Us. moa by reporting to unconstitutional meant, d> •na- tag on a guerilla war in the oatsklrto of the * il « even by attempting to rmother it by to; It will either contract or continue to expand, iver ceue to b« aggressive nntil it ta (breed intoposition. Shall wo eontinue ta, wastechasing false ligb u? Moat we be satis&od Winow and then, eco of the picket guard or ala it wise to let tbe army that has won a victory'u .....:Total a e s s e • • « •s.......,...».....«.....^<^JT^PPsi.,W * •l^Wwajp ^i»# ikw »aTl IIweMSlIsytaSf UawV Wlal MeVOul aJestoaaserorsiWjsalQB; aad » t h e federal power to force for the purpose of e«aip»mng sahsasawaa, wiO with one voice declare for open evolution, letbe what they may. This may be termedcr the awderatJets la the Sooth, white thewhichIhavej^at |Mued.But when t. k-gr», aic despatcbes were received InMemphis aad all along the line that United Sgtates trodps bad been ordered fro i *"ort Smith, Arkansas—a region where it was supposed tee United States forces were few enough already to protect the (rentier moo and their (amilles Irom tho ravages of the Indians - Bad directed to proceed to Avuusw, Georgia, to garrison the am«aal there, the feeli:.s assumed a new and more decisiveCarolinians are mounting cockades to their halt." rRBPARATIONS IN MIBSfSBIPPI.Week<mdingOctio,ls«" ^ ^ C- f * h t ^ _ l l s i V , l l al a . . . . 1 E S 8 l i w i e s t s41 I tCunt hern htart at well at many other Southern *bouid bear no more about OocgTessiooal stave,luT FORMATION OT MILITA RT COMPANIES TN TEXAS.leteorolofilcslable shews thetempore*ire of tht atI shoulder to shonWer with then* frteada ami t i e rItodefenceoftheircommonrigt.t.sandtheir orderedheresttherequestolMayorBtodgettant}thean serty. Ia the words of Mr W. H tfiepacns, a Bell City Council, wbo deemed tho property of tho United asm Bvereu or Union orator, in Mempnie lately, the States in the arsenal here as insecure as at present pro-•atoa men will advocate peace and Uaiati until ao overt tected.aat to Bsam(Hurt agwast the Sooth by the feaaral I wilt look Into tho arsenal to-morrow, and report aaon.jrms raise volunteer cavalry companies.'their wives and daughters, and their familtei, aad their property are aa mnch interested ia iofthequestion andinthehorrors oracarU ithe moat ultra disunions*, and they snouidnae :to say on the subject. But,aaidMr. 8., when >moment arrives, and the issue Is betweetvthe ioftheNorthandresistanceonthepartufthe the TJoioa men will be found side by side With elghbora of all abodes of politic*, battling for the>of the South.ardent aad general to the feettng of dfcmnlon in tha that candidates for local offlsea cannot, In,many ha elected If they avow themselves op- ts asoaaaloa or the right to secede, fnta0 ta thf larger cities, as well as ia tho1districts. Sat tho aaaagTeaeaa of the oepo- i up by tho secret as well aa oper bitterinfluence play the parte assigned (hem daringh tint campaign; but when the performame u trer, President is inaugurated, tbe managers Ut.•• »>•' him, while the people are left to see that the See costume aretakencare of for future use. W•First, then, what are the principles eosbodi I'tatfora-Second,whatistheprevailing' part} V Do they harmonic' ' '!Tho folic wing resolution of toe Cbtctfo i tali's the prtaciples of the party.' The rest refoJ seres and generalities:—2. That the maintenuice of the principles'in the Declaration of ludependenoe, at.d cmboSta>i| federal constitution, te essential to the prefer - our re}>ubiican instlt iti< as, and that tbe federal tion, the r. .-'.as of the .:titles, and the Intou cCtlt must and shall be preserved." >In the Declaration of Independence, to wbic^on ' * AEOTNG TH| STATE OF VIROLMA.teu- commissioners appointed under the aot patted at the butThe Tvrroraat Submlulo w. (from the Cbartestoo Mercury, Oct. I l lA few cays Eiitce we endeavored to show tank the pic- turesofrataanldesolation totbeSonth,whichtbeanb> munioniststoslackrepublicandominationweresocontin- ually drawing, to "fright UB from oar propriety,'' were unreal and f a s * We propose no w to reverse the picture,s s S to show what will probably be the ooasequesoes of a •iibui,M5it.n of the Southern States to the rule, of aboil- tionirm at Washington, in tho persons of Messrs, Lincoln and BaaMin, should they be cleetrd to the PreaJdoncy and Vice PrfEldepcy of the United States.1. Tbe drat effect of the sobmuetoa of the*? win to the Insulation of abolitionists In tbe offices of President and •"ice President of the United States must be a powerful consolidation of the strength of the abolition party at the88 f • ».«7 ais. w 43 wgovernment, laying Its foundations onseem most likely to effect their safety aud hap Now, what says tbe eocstilutiontCoogrces shall make no taw respectingwe have yet soon, and we were present at tbe inspection by a committee of the last Isgistatare of various breech- loaders submitted to then.as now ta extatence: for instance, tho sovereign would reseat five British dollars, sad the half sovereign two ' a half. The florin would lerve for half a dollar, the togs for a quarter and tho sixpsace for one eighthmoat or reiigtoa, or prohibiting tho free exerW or abridging the freedom of npeecb or of tr, the right df the people peaceably to assembleFor several months past Major Colston hat b jen makinga series of experiments at Lexington oa varl us arm?,muzzle and brooch loading. His report, we bdlete, hatbeen laid before the Commissioners, tad we reature theprediction that it will bo found, when thai report Is pub-lished,thaLofallbreechloaderssubmittedtobim,MajorColstonrepresentsMerrill'sasdecidedlythebestiamany onedollaraadtwentv-dveoentt,andthehalforewaflre- respeete, and that he has recommended the purchase by eighths of a British loiter, or sixty-two aad a half cents. the Commissioners either of the patent or of a certain Tne British public would oe enabled to use gold dollars,itotbecarofSmericaacomneroe.Inthwwordsthem,theabolttlonstswillrenewtbeiroperationsupontheJudgesineveryStatesnailbeboundthef* numberofcarbinesforthecavalry,andofmusketsforwp1efaeaperleaeoIntbeUnitedStatesaadtoFrancebatof adistloguiahed Southern lady.'-Before cotton, kings aad pstaaiatea most bow." It is aot only tho &*nh-the infantry.It will be recollected that we stated a few ssyt ago that the Commissioners had written to England concern- tag the purchase of Enfield rifles, and that they were in formed that five thousand would be supplied at $Z*apiece. Now, we bare no doubt but that it will be found ta Colston's report that the United States musket with the Merrill attachment it superior to tbe SnfieTd rifle, and that it has also been proved that the Ulale rifle to supe- rior to the Enfield. Betides this, Major Sparket offers his breech loading carbines at $20 apiece, aad bit breech- loading muskets at f20—both entirely now.shown to be very convenient,3d The conversion irom the old eurrency to tbe new.and vice versa, would be very easy for tho British com mprclal community and the pnblic generally: aa between pound aad British dollar, it would imply a division or multiplication by 6; as between shtlUagt tad British dol- lar! It would be by 4; the British cent would bo equal to %d. lest four pot cent, tad the conversion of the pence into oentt, and' vice versa, would be aa easy matter.tbe South with Increased courage.' Tbe thousands laevery country who look op to power and makogalnbntof toe future will come oat in support of the abolitiongovernment. The Brwmlows and Bodies in the South will all executive and judicial officers, both multiply. Th*y will organise: and from being a Union States and of the several Slates, shall bopartu, bosupport an aboUlkm government, (hey will become,kit the government they support, abolitionisti. Tbey will bare an abolition parly in the South of Southern men. The contest for slavery will no longer be one bet vecu the North and the South. It v. ill be in the South, between tbe people of the South.it ha ta mtoehtevootly stirring ap—_.sM^tofssaaisatetheeshteMc«aotoast"a.andwehavethoraidofJohnBrown,asdtwentytownsborn- ffMr,garrisondesirestopublishananticlavT" pocket that to touched when his aegro to bun nth and taught to entertain wild and iaagero.u i of liberty, but the cofumerce of the country, sad,, _ . ~ M _ ^ of fhs aftrtltoed world, are jsnpardtoai. The Southerner knows the, aad ateo that apoa these (bandatkoas hw rights to h s slave pro_,« -^>. M sasaaais a haiSsss aflTthe Iloot of the "pecultor Inatitotion," who are net la commerce nor manufactures, nor Inthing to the contrary notwithstanding. -=> The Scaators aad Represeatatlves bef<and the members of the several Stateor affirmation to support this ooustittitiwi. Again:—The citizens of each State shall be entitledleges and Lmmcuitios of citizens to tbe several ivi- Bore are rights so clearly set forth thatB.pPBOSTBxnr or TEXAS.—A gentleman who has traversedHighland Becking Jacksonunderstood by ail, without an interpretation: L. adefend him against mobs or State laws. Shouli Phillipstakext intohis headtostumpthtSouth,A*protected, if necessary, by the army and navy.'ell apiece, aad we hardly think: It worth while to argos that be Major Sparkee' arms are much cheaper and moreva-luable.We are glad to find that Colonel Smith, one of the Con-10.015 ..-. 17»7l 7 71Se b»i«od. furiousaiidtreublod , ££££*** * •» 0°s«res»onel iu.of the Union tHasNow Tort would •ad svssi«iih^S r^ J11S; v£l "• **H its naked framework, andta m h S S L ^Central Railroad aad to <:on*oHdaU end i l S V S ^ t o complete and enable thetnstmction. «*^«i*no«w of Vu A'OTH for our de- sad Mr. Garrison aad ate aaaociateiTjotauL'fif i1^1,000 dollars.. 121.000 00dartre, who has taken tbe OTCBCS of tbe counttea of S*- vereck. Zavala and Frio, fcrnlabes the ledger and Te*** with (he following return—Area of subd:visios, 8 900 mice; dwelling!, SSI; families, 191; population. 7S2a that if the righte of tbe South 10. If cbo Booth —1fli —v«.« t n e ra!e r nlsatlonthatcan lift the yoke ^anTt^TnJ3t} asd tho toaataof war iasounded, tlooiats by the ge«eraliB«»ri*_ *° ° aboilTott. coinage.9131,000 SSif totho rescue. Snob geatie- andofall peactmimvmM*tmn^T%'.lber8 u Probablyan downtrodden aad oppreaesdr We do nbtb? a 0 W e n l votes to secure the election of Mr. Lincoln for r rta the New escape tbe ruin tbey toed.tata L , ^ - ^ ° r it ta regarded, if not conceded by all tateiuwtost. The evidence, which ta mainly circumstantial, ta the judges of election af^Charleetoo, 4 <;., on the 8th Inst Pan eontaint a population cf u22 inhabitante 4weUmftito"*m w^J«7 arceg against him. Uarorta&ateiy, Iff^Nk**.1*** •***»- nelancholyexample of thosewho "steal the livery of heaven to serve the devil 6ta." one ia tbe back aad another under the right arm. Tho wboie year. "A genUeman ta whom we have tu ^psaffffSfa&sSSr^ ' weend to tbe breast It ta feared will prove fatal Mr eoafidence, wbo ta a cittaea of Boerae, iafornt et,Armed with tbe power snUm^ZJS* • * • by nv.inloJged Is a fight wltjf knrves. Mr Wharton receivediwortfor * ' ubjgetion. jf'thWe 11aty nuB°ta S j South, while we a tors would. amoHb your utustThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069clans, that be to to be the next President - would add strengthto the positive menof M asdastwt to inaugurating the new clvlljzatfah17C: families, 182; foreign horr., 3S0. Ia that porwation threettabt,oseto(Ietoftbreast,justabove tbe heart of 622iohablta&te, therewat bat ose tnrrtageu us''jwdtbMly*:£S1a1!1-iS«*:Mil**Untitled Documenton- leia-joveS elfwould affix Mem i n breech-Ion ding attachment to ten thoosaad of tbe beet of the muskets now In the Rich- mond Armory; and thai gentleman, having examined tae muskets asd reported that there was a large uamber of them of a very superior kind and ta oxKlient condition, replied tc the Board that he would attach the Merrill lm-Srovement for $10 apiece, subject to* the inspection of Lr. Burekhardt, of Harper's Ferry, aad that be woulddeiivcaAhemfinishedin this city at thai price.The Board then spoke of altering the matketo to the Mtateform. Major Spsrkes expressed bra readiness to do to, but did not state tho prise, but he said he sup- poted the cost would M about $6,subject alto to United States inspection. (This fern, it ta unnecessary to say,would not be a breech loader.)Major Sparkcs showed at yesterday a United States48| N. iS0.4164f X. E-iSBillMfff. Saturday—Clear, asd blowing freoh.Cthe only- question ta, will the republicanup to the standard which It has itself e:should it not? Tht government will be in the hnwho regard slavery as a curse and a arime, ahootthemeantnecessarytoaccomplish,theirpu. foe lnabiltytoattendasdaddressapublicmeeting,winds leading Idea of the fathers was liberty, and thothe tabjeot until the peiptowert ready to rtithe government, and to toy down their livestheir ends.OCTOBI regret this tbe more, as it to the firtt tnvrtatton I have received to meet ia council those who think the tine for :to action, not words, is now. A proper tax oa Northers manufacturers, and individual action looking to nonto- tercourse commercially with tho abolition States, is thetin[theroVistos early, on well prepared ground and properly oattivated, Warres• • • e • • • a ..• .it tht regular democratic 1 setataee for Assembly tn the First district of Westchester,' Instead of Dr. IfsDeraoU, at prerlontly announced.A Mnrrmts nr ITXXAS CsatctD WTTH Mrawnt.—A tatter rf the 12th ult, from Waco, to tho Rusk (Texts) Bnvuirer, hat the following! singular paragraph. —Silver deposits— California silver-. Other ether.'.tots! derotiu........ Gold coinage—sujm TnI learned some two- days Mace that a gentleman, wboiThe editor of tbe Houston (leans) THegroph hat re- grudge against the old broker who had caught him inJews' HospitalLunatic Asyium Black-well'B Island Totalto which Crawford met hit fate. The letter says that, en the next day from a correspondent signing himself "A in being shown the Bailey letter, be confeeied that he lest3 •14 aState.Oovernor Pettus stated a short time sines, that the, the ebrcumstanee about insurance to which yon allude V Legislators had pasted a taw authorizing him to purchase was dot with an insurance company. The boslaest wa>Oct t,Oct. 14, 1S6S.. I)ecresse thtaDsathtfron r «*"ehrnoto d extentalWa act. But it seems that the announcement tares Yankee<s dom in oar midst into a perfect tremor; r> then "tremble In their boots."wequesting the policy, if ready, if not ready that it should aot ha filled up until they bad another interview. No sues letter ss you publish was ever written by him. the natter wat amicably settled, and the parties re- mained fr'ends for life.j When Mr. Barker waa fined one hundred dollars the Court said they were satisfied he did not mean any dis- respect to It; that If he would apologize to the witness they would pan it bp. Mr. Barker, knowing the witness to hare sworn falsely, knowing bis statement to be false, refused to apologize aad promptly paid the fine.These little reminiscences will be found to possess touch latrlctta tatore&t for the friends of the veteran financier.Decimal Currency for Grsat Britain. | TO THE EDITOR OF TUB UgRALD.1 11 New Y ost, Oat. 12, 1860. Tbequeetl.noftheadoptionofadecimaleurrency has of late years been examined into by the British govern- ment, but, to for at I bare boon able to learn, so changelUve we any evidence that these coastitatiwtii be defended? Ia order to atswor ibidnciiy, we mutt ufil examine the platfiatalj i<- the sentttieat of the party. We shubu to ascertain what IU predominant ilea \».cocotalwaysrepresentthemenwhocontrol thTbr-y are too often used as a menu to an jaet ~awhich men of various shades of opinions and* c of The Richmond EntUirer af tbe 13th tost says;—Th3•r- Afloecompany hat also been raised In Jasper county. eu InBrownslUea rubcompanybaajust beenorganized. be We notice preparations in other parte of tho State to;fty[fti.c session of the I.eglBleture, ior " the better defence of the 1of State," assembled ta this city this week, for the transec-i d tion of busir ets. The Board, having ascertained that Ma- jor Sparkee, of the Merrill's Breech loading Arms Facto-n e t ,itstadehas a* yet taken place. I have taken tho liberty to sub ftht withhim,aadthatgentlemanappearedbeforethem. nittoyouaptanforbring'ngadecimalcurrencytat*is.*9[S. W aw a i« W SJltUSiN. W iiIthe ry, of Baltimore, waa ia this city, requested aa Interview Tbe Board inquired of Major Sparkee at whit price he1onerattas which I hare never seen anywhere, tad whichI think would be found to folly embraoo the desired pur pose, without being inconvenient lor the British naton.My plan consists in u e coinage of a coin, both to Direrand in gild, equal to four shillings sterling, which night be called the British dollar, and which should be divided Into oee hundred cents. «Tho denomination ta well known throughout the world, and there can be ao more objection to it than to tbe ttorin or two shilling piece, wbioh baa bees already adopted. Tha advantage would be:—U t . The Britlih dollar would assimilate in value to the Staaiab}MexicanandAmerican dollar,andthefirefraas piece- it would be about one third more than the PRUttaa thaler , asd about double tbe Aug. trjta form. it night be useful for tht Ciiiua trade, and would be available for the British North Americas Colonies, which, as matters stand now, are compelled to ate a currency dtnereat frem that of the mother country.621W.too.'e.M».WJR16'M,S.W0 8. W • * » ' - . H. w «..-teiao1».sy 63 N. .a.84 6«J M. »..Ml4«} M..only new coins requisite would be dimes, half dimes, 1dents, which tatter might be alloyed for sssveaieace with nickel, at our owa are. Crowes asd ban ewSos should in time be withdraws from oireolaUon along with thecoppercotes:meanwhilethecrownwouldrepresentconfidence oT the community ta which be lived, had beenarretted, and to now a prisoner in the Jail at Beiton,charged with being one of the assassins of young Jones,DeLoech aad Benrey,fron Palestine,who were basely Amav —E. R.White and George C.Wharton,twoof ttavef,3;foreign born,497; valueof realetSaie,SSt 376 mnidered while asleep at their camp, near Aostta, in May value of pcrsoaal estate, S90.SOO. The tews at Beg*•;iN-y: !|f «l!l#!^|PS>^.^^!^SW|J«-^PPl-lll..Ji^aSB^l|pi^B|lWhitewasaltottabbestathebreastaniarm. nyttheAlamoExprtHj"Ibjn,sllbirtbgJ4ttJtprtaM.I.lto 2years • St Syearsfits It years.IS to 12 yearsI . . . . • • > . . .13 to IS peatsIS to 17 years :....IT to s t yeara.•••».•••• 8 SOtoSsyean.......... SO SSto80years.......... SSTotal.........•Brittah America.Ithree p«fk\ta during etch day, Tit: v"o'clock P.m.i—tr.Mi1*381*4 N. W ton Cit. w.10 8CTceratioa of tbe throat'. { .5.••••........ g"• .t i2IBinalloox y3Jgrarww*wirw104 44S M to 9v FSfWV.••se>e>•atak 1 0asto* yearsn SStoSO u 11 SOto 18Sunday—Clear all day aad night.Monday—Clear all day.Tuesday—Cloudy; 8 P. M., cloudy; 9 P. M., tf wcast- Wednesday—dear.Thursday—Clear. 8 P. M , elocfy, 9 P. M ,. Krldav—dear; 8 P. M.: woniy; 9 P. M, clear and cool Saturday—dear; 8 P. M , cloaty; 9 P. M., overcast.Ttoa Csustts.ror ex A TION or THE PorTHntv HSTRTOT OW SHIO. We give below the complete returns of tbe diflereoi counties (excepting Bamill-m) In the Southern dkurictof Ofa.o, taken under the Bupervislon of Col I. W. rndrd, United States Marshal Cincinaaii to eat down at 142 000, though the Marshal m revising too work done, aad will undoubtedly hsreS SSOtoSyStSaaaaaa aaore to ass. Tbe aggregate increase iu tbta district in round numbers a S00.OOO.We give tbe retarnt of i860 alio, that the reader may compare then with the returns ef 1880. It most be berne in mud, however, that tho bosadsetae of several of tbe couatlea have seen charged since 1340:—1Ste4w>srs.....;;.U If• .............. s............... l .......210........itegdsto . . . . . . . „ . l Nursery aad Child's Bo*tSSTlibSfS. w. w.Wiitni. w, •4 njoi• www.fultonhistory.com 