 i. >®in short loans. The other department of the 8tock ! trict Conventions assembled throughout the County of Exchange, though inactive, were firm. British Railwaystocks were better.The demand for money to-day was more active thanyesterday, and comparatively little business was done below tne bank maximum. At the bank the applica-1l—The most brilliant political demonstration of the campaigninDetroitoccurredonThursday evening, tholfith inst.* The new Republican Wigwam was to be dedicated, and ten thousand men gathered togethert o do it. The early part of the evening was taken up wit% a parade and procession of the Wide-Awakes,who opponed the adxnlsiion of Kanstu under the Lecompton CodkUtution."IfMr.Bell,withhis'Free-Soilafl&nities,'was hostile to the lutorehts of the South then, is he not equally objectionable now?"—Mr.Yancey seems tohavesweptoverthe public sentiment of North Alabama with immense power and effect.. The Montgomery Mail says: . '?•.For LincolnFor Douglas.. ForBellFor Breckinridge...,* < • • • • • • •10 .1 5 >«*•>.•• 24for examination.CASUALTIES.—ARegt, Nassau; W. Cartly and seivout, do.; Jolm S. Howell, N.- York.. Srccie, $12,910.1^CHARLESTON. A«Si9^M^^tt%i^^m^Sifj !-•' Schr. Addle Er Barnes (of New-Haven), Betsworth, Para July attetd the funeral on Monday, August 20, at 1 p. m., from spoke schr Muskingum, steering S.; 17th, lat 38 49, Ion. 74 50,Wv:fi if*'THJE TRIBUNE of the 13th inst. contains the fol- —On Thursday evening there was a Wide-Awake a pretty extensive business in the counties of Monroe,FQHTICAL INTELLIGENCE.HOUSTON TICKET.. Tb* P«c;]uV« Honi»t<ro State Commi't^e -met at its ytdnw "is Va+nrday, 18th lost., Fenekm H»3broack inntliirway and Jamea K* ABwimt' whelttedi I n Gbexokee there wajBavastiiiuraout; and, "et—ChttfleHMnthirwav »nd J»mei» BLr A,the chair. A yolmniooxui eorreeponden^ was pro-tested by the President and Secretary, embracingjcpvrtsfromtheStateatlarge,fromwhichitappeared.featIW Hooston movement is progreeeing rapidlyamong the agrknltnral popnlatioa ofour State. letterswere Tead from gentk»«n who have for-nerly actedwith Tarkras partie*, expressing strong dencmdations•f the corrnpt political schemes and coalitions of >he 12,0(J0. The most complete organization is being day, and evbcing a decided awakening of the people to:- • • •. ! » •' .'.The immediate supplyofstock appearstobe rather01the evils of a partisan Convention system, whichker. Alternates—Kichaid SL Thompson, JohnXashow. _ the title of the OellinaTd Company, limited. This Wildonand other distinguished Repuobcans were our Third District.—Delegates—W. C. Benedict, Thomas G. Shear-igfiOrae their wifl entirely.The Committee oa Electors submitted encouraging paign, no fears need be entertained for the rusult."fellow passengers on their,way to the Convention at wan. Alwmate«^-E. B, Spoonerjn, C.B. AJQen. . Company is formed for the development of the Gel-BangorTand[this was, of'itself, enongh to wake up Fourth District—Delegate*-Edward W . Flake, Jonathan D. linard estates; in Sweden, of 1,200,000 acres, containing MARINE JOURNAL.accountsfromprominentfriendsofHoustoninseveral States, and reportedthe foil Electoral ticket, as follows:Else ton at I^aroe ;JOHN I. BOYD,* New-lode JJOEL w . JONES, Schenectady. District El*rtor» .-B*BV*x LOWDXS, Queen*. IWMXIAX R. KXAPP, Rockland.A x s m H MICTKJS.H York. JOHJCH-B^TSOI^S,-Attany. Jju*m#X. Com**, New-York, t A. A. HoraiurtiT.Colrunbia—TheWashington Constitution publishes the fol- lowing letter: 'Fifth District —Delegates—David Stewart, Charles Benedict Alternates—P, W. Oetrander, P. W. Bradley.DAWHBX. WAXX>, New-York. N. J. H-aXWa, Oneida. ©Ma*X*» SWVTHSOX, New-York B. T. BtJTCHixaoar, Sntlptk- ROBT. M D»WITT, New-York. D. M. MOOKK, Schenectady.chievous purposes. The correspondence of this Com- sion of the Republican army to inarch through them,mittee with Mr. Breckinridge and his friends in Ken- and onward, conquering and to conquer. At RocklandShip*—Cerea, 7ork, Liverpool, W»i«h, Carver at Chj*»«; May- flower, ChnthVld, B,o«Um, Crocker, W ood k Co.; MontererT Montevideo and Buenos Ayres, which isgreater than Smith, Cape Town and Sumatra. W. A. Sale fc Co.: Senthern Chief. Ui^ginu, London, H. D. Brookmanfc Co ; American Union, MacodncV. Mobile, GrinneU, Mintorn fc Co.; Ringleader, liowecJOHANNES D. HASBROUCK ELIJAH D.CUMattNGS.girls, each waving a flag with the name of the State and patriotic airs. This act bf courtesy and kindness she represented on it. A mechanics' wagon in the pro- on the part of Capt. Blanchard is the more worthy of,P ARIS, August 7. The Moniteiir publishes a decree allowing the im- portation of wool through any custom station inFrance.The Mbniteur also announces the arrival and enthu-**fcl^S[Thatwo«arn««tly deaixe Gov. Morgan's renomhaa- All through the procession were flags and banners tl^Bdefoctioa. forth* w m reason that we Wish the election without number."trAfcxaWLtooob^ that the St^te.yet been discovered.' While J am writing, the speak-SWITZERLAND.reiterating the intention of Sweden to support the Lajrolfas, spoke ship Salime, from Bombay for New-York.Chairman; M. B. Bryant, Secretary, and Henry Crab- unwonted enthusiasm^ the thought that this was an tree, Treasurer. . ovation to our next Lieutenant-Governor, that all thiswas going on in Egypt, that the day of her redemp- —A Democrat of the Old Schoor resides in Linn tion had dawned—the spectacle was more than gor-had spent the day with the Grand Jury, had recited never be found.much scripture and quoted a great, deal of commonlaw to them, touching their duty as patriots in a crisisTHE CAPTAIN OP A VESSEL KILLED BY LIGHTNING.it to a very mild and flavorous consistency. Indeed the passed over this city between 5 and 6 o'clock on Satur- the residence of her brother-in-law, Charles Miles, No. 48 Sec- spoke Delaware pilot boat J. G Wilden, and supplied her wltliCounty, Kansas, and we take pleasure in calling at- • testiontothe fact. He has addressed the editor of . TktNat'umalDemocrat^ published at Lecompton, asgeous snd magnificent—it was almost snblime! It was a fit commencement Of the canvass for Mr. Hoff- man. Let the northern >and central parts of the State hereafter count Alton on the bide of freedom. The scene in and around. the hall at the moment Mr. Hoff-like this campaign. He watered his famous Wells-burg alien and sedition charge of 1856, and reduced —During the short but violent thunder storm which The relatives and friends of the fanoflv are respectfully invited to 29, rubber, fcc to J. Bishop & Co. 15th inst., lat. 3618, Ion. 72 4d>the True Democracy, and do not hean opprobrium and esq., was thrilling and inspiriting in the extreme. Hesehool myself, and never suffered my politics to be and he kept his audience in a roar of applause anaabnse on James Buchanan and his administration. Ifsuch be the fact, please send me your paper. Direct German friends a glorious speech. He is the most to Linn County, Kansas. I am a Democrat of the old graceful and pleasant speaker we ever saw in this city.Anderson, B. J. Smith, the Rev. James Pomeroy, J. crew, four in number, were sitting around the table at 11:80 a. m. Cars leave Twenty-sixth street Station, at 10:15 a. m.H. Atkinson, Wm. Hewett, Thomas Elder, Wm. L. supper. The lightning struck the captain and killed FOOTE—In Brooklyn, on Saturday morning, August 18, Lucy Crawford, a number of the Freemans, and scores of Ann. wife of E. Y. Foote, aged 31years and 0 dajs.8cbr. Castor, Stickney, Port au Prince 1st inst, logwood ta Schlessingcr fc Andresen.Schr. Marthal), Chichester, Richmond 4day*, flour and tobacco to C. H. PiersomSchr. Henry Laurens, Johnson, Machias 6 days, lumber to F» Talbot fc Co.Schr. Mary Ann, Bryant, Machias 6 days, lumber to Simpson fc Clapp.Schr. Union, Libby, Machias 7 days, lumber to master.Schr. Z. A..Paine, Walsh, Eastport 6 days, fish and laths la Sturges fc Co.Schr. Dr. Kane (of Bangor), Ryder, lingan, C. B. 10 days, coal to order.and zeal in the good cause are not surpassed in theState. John Davis, the Hon W. Harsh, and scores of of eight keepers of Life-Boat Station-Houses in ourconvulsions, infantile, 11; dysentery, 3; under 1 year of age, 50.7months and28days. . . • • ' .Tho friends of tho family are requested to attend the faneralfrom her father's residence, No. 3 East Thirty-fourth street, onTuesday, August 21, at 1 p. nx.TUKEY—In this city, August 18, Isabella, wife of Stephen H.Tukey, aged 33 years, 5 months and 21 days.The relatives and friends are invited to attend her funeral on. Steamer Penguin, Williams, Providence, mdse. to I. Udell. Steamer Sarah, Jones, Philadelphia, mdse. to LoperfcKirk-Patrick.Steamer Boston, Crocker, Philadelphia and Cape Hay, mdse.others are dWfog heavy blows. IndianaU not doubt-ful, 'Her redemption drawethnigh.' This countycounty. Against these officers not a single charge has been made of want of capacity, or inattention to duty. They are men respected oy ail who know them, andELECTION OF DELEGA TES.—Anelection of delegatesITmNf«£*:1and whose main hall was a compwst ma*s <$, Putnam—I-»onoJ-U'gW;ieanadnJd«Jaoe»taMe*..TM<r.wVTaMvro»;v,r i Doel•r Wood for Bell, the people seemed to care for nothing, Oliver and A7T*; Jtunflell; Saratogar-Samnel Granler, and the Hon Wm. A. Howard. These gen- but to 'hear Yancey.' In short, no progress-so tri- Batciwller... •: •:. ",___i__^^^pl^pp^^ ,tlemll also made speeches to the overflow outeide. —A Chicago correaponclent thus writes:" Great hopes are entertained that the Republicansumphant has been recorded for many years. So far, it> is 'Yancey, the invincible;' and John T. Morgan israpidly making very much the same reputation." ^ —AnewLincoln and Hamlin paper has just beenquence of the majority obtained by the Ministry lastnight* In the afternoon the tendency was rather favor- VAtTrAxjLS- 8 Co.n*01 »*Tiioid«4; <krio«Hama, Jo*npb B«1L able, and CoBBolfl clotied at an advance of | per cent.will extend their victorious banner it to several coun- ties which have hitherto been held against all attacks fromthefoesofthe81avery-extensionDemocracy.The northern counties of this State will roll up a majority for Lincoln and Hamlin of at least 35,000, which is more by 10000 than ;he majority Douglas will receive from the central and Egyptian counties. Ton may safelv set our majority in the State at from 10,000 tofnWoSKr c w .^^ J£w«d AUnii**,uMj^^>ieffected throughout the doubvful districts, and no labor will be spared to increase our vote where we are the most powerful. If this is continued through the cam-Sun—Bisci.... 5:15 MM . . . . . . . . . . . <};M I Moon—RixM.. 8:37 at fever heat, and eeems to exceeo all precedent, wen. Second District.—Delegates—D. Ogdan Bradley. Charles Par- ; An undertaking of magnitude is announced under Sandy Hook...l0:23 | Gov. Itland....11:13 t*H«n-qat»...^.12 54.NATIONAL DHXOCKATIC EX. COM.- ROOWB,No. 28 Fonr-and-a half Street, WA9H1SGTOW CITT, D. C, Aug. 17,1860,The following resolution was offered in the Second unanimouplyadopted:C l e a r e d . Steamnhipt—Kaunak,.jBtrownlieM**, xNvamwa*n},E.Cuan*ard;York-To Wx. M. BKOWSX, esq., Editor of The Constitution.Mr DXARSJB.: I have just received your note ofthis date. The report of the withdrawal of Mr. Breck-hitherto united, and imprejgnable political parties aredividing,opening themselves in the middle, fromonthe17thofJune,andisknowntohave34,372onnces of gold, worth £125,000. The Norman, Mdr- town, Patrrfiiftb, Norfolk, Lndlarmn k. HIMehcacckton;j Moount \*trrnnuSTKPVKC HAannow^ELYotk. jGno. W. DKFXW, Westchester. inridge is a pure invention, put in circulation for mis- east to west, and inviting the triumphal proces-Joenrv H Toosm, Hew-York Ono. W. JOHMXOX, Chenango. tucky requires at my hands this positive and authori- we took on a large delegation to the Convention atABXAHAX E. LUnea, N. York Convix Sia-rxa, RenaelUer. JOMJT MORKJP, New-York, CHAS. A. V AX ZAjrr>r» King*.JAKH L. AnAMft, Westchester. ROBMT Axn&KWB, Geneseetative denial.Truly yours, ^ > ^ _ISAAC I. STEVENS, Chairman.Bangor, but a party ofrWide-Awakes, numbering some two nundred, with a band of music, had chartered aat aDy period during the last twenty years. . The London Times City Article says:—A correspondent of The Missouri Democrat says: vessel and sailed up the .river the day before. At " Thursday, the 9th inst., was a day long to be re- Camden, Belfast, Searsport, Bucksport, and at almostevery stopping-place, w e took on large companies of membered in Crawford County politics. On that day, Wide Awakes, with music and banners, till our boatthe largest concourse of people ever assembled in tnecounty? met at Robinson, the county sea^, to hear was crowded with the moat joyous and excited multi-the lijallant Yates," (the Repnbhcan candidate for tude we have ever seen together. About fifteen milesGovernor,) discuss the political topics of. the day. below Bangor we came up with the Rockland Wide- Awakes, b*c*lmed, or, rather, opposed by the wind l^twithstending this is the home of his opponent, ar d tide. Their unhappy condition was at once seen.Committee present the nbore Ticket of EJectora to be supportedhy the elector* of New-York State without distinction of party. the same ofBce, the reception of Dick Yates They could not reach tne convention, and would be The StsriMstes of the People «re General Sam Houston of in Crawford county was the grandest affair that compelled to waste their music and their cheers on theThe funds to-day have been steady at yesterday'spricea, and although the market is without actual re-Boston, Boker, Crowcll« Co. V Barki-C. w . Poultney, Spraruo, Gla»gow, J. W. ElweOfc Co.; Liberty, Shaw, Mamill^t, Draper fc Devlin; Teaian 8tarfDAatai. BJUO>BT:RT Ulster. SAKtrxi. Syxxnnx. Kings. ELIJAH L HVATT, Columbia. UPKRAIK CLAKK. Richmond. AtWCSTTJS DOAX*. Putnam. _.J. A. SMITH, W»ahmgton. WlIJUtAX WJUKJBTY, OawBgO. W.'C. H.WAOT>*T.V Orange.GXOR«XP E»r>T,Niagara.Load, Calve*ton, Oakley fc Keating.to the Republican State Convention at Syracuse from the Vlth Spray, Shaw, Cornwalu*, D. B» Dewolf; L. W. Annatronc,J. oxx J. STAX, St.. Lawrence. ISAAC W. THOXTSOK, K rie.covery, its tone has been better from the settlement ofResolved, That this Convention recommend to the delegates the political contest last evening. There were no Brigi-Lilly Dale, Stephen*, St. Johnt, N. F., D. It Dewolit*Of the firm of Boyd fc Hrncken, tWppfeg merchant*.T*tlUJChU»rtifti«8taUcfN«w-York.FMxow.Cmzwis: The l^eopVs Houston StateJ. P. Hazard, Wilaon, Newport, master; Ellen Lonihn, Thouip- son.Nevr-Haven, mauler: Gen. Armstrong, Kelaey, St. John*, P.' R.; Mayflower (Br.), Duquet, Quebec, G. F. BoBeyt PvnimTwtaa for President, and Commodore Root. F, Stockton of New-OI Jeney, for Vice-President. TKSJ AXX XSOWN TO TM* TM fOOTOTKY STTBKOt CXAXACnCB A2TO WXTICM. With COnfl- d«e«f> to your yrtrt^V" andjudgment, we earnestly recommend tats electoral ticket to the aupport of every Independent roter kaeur State. ^MENDWN^HJireROUCXr*'^BBAJCHALL CHILD, GEORGE W. JOHNSON, W. E. LAWRENCEever took place in the county. The crowd as-sembled at Robinson that day was variously estimatedde«ertair. Capt; Blanchard, moved by the generous impulses of his own heart, ottered to take them in to «•manufacturing interest of Bushwick, is rope-making.Mr. Allen, the (Douglas) j Democratic .nominee forTHE FLEET AT NAPLES.The Mbniteur de la Flolte states as follows, the (Br.), Smith, Halifax. D. R, Dewolf; Alma (Br.), 8neUirove, SUat from 6,000 to 9,000 people. In the processi m there The proposition was received with a burst of joyous cheers, inwhich our own vast company joined as heartilyThe rope-makers of Bushwick have been laboring for$1 25 a day, till tbeyfound that they.could not possiblysupport their families upon such scanty wages any frigates and corvettes, and eighteen avizos, besides six- fc Co.; Com. Kearny. Lorting, Boston., 8. W. Injuria fc Co.; J.wereonehundredandsixtycoupleofladiesasdidthebecalmedvoyagersthemselves.Ahawserwas and gentlemen on horsebaak, the ladies all dressed inuniform, which made a grand appearance. The wagons thrown to them, and m a moment their hitherto lazy numbered over two hundred, among them were a good craft was plowing ' up river,' throwing aside the foamandavizo. TheNeapolitanNavy,dividedbetween Aldrich,Baltimore,MerruillifitcAbbott;Cu.J.Rjuaynor,,Raynor, %many six-horse teams, &C ' There were three wagonsof their deliverance. They filled their shrouds withlonger. Ten days ago they gave notice to their em- ployers that on and after to-day they would require $1 50 a day. To-day, if no answer is returned, theykwill quit work until their terms are complied with.>A STRANGE CASE.—Coroner Murphy held an inquestteen sailing vessels and fifty gunboats.FRANCE.Gorbam, Andrews, Fall River. L. Kenny; J. Richards, Cook, Milton, Benner fc Deake: I. P. Hazard, Wilson, Newport, mas- ter ; R. Palmer, Weltou, Mytio, Oakley fc Keatfnj.in the procession each containing thirty-three little flags, streamers, banners, and mottoes, while the band played, ' Hail to the Chief,' and a variety of national\1wA r r i r e s L—The Bepublfcan Convention of Eichmond County cession had on board representatives of the different notice irom the fact that it was not prompted by. politi- was held on Saturday evening, Angnst 18, S. L. trades, viz: blacksmiths, shoemakers, carpenters,coopers, saddlers, &c This created a great deal of cal sympathy. I have seldom, if ever, seen so large Hopping in the chair. The following resolutions were enthusiasm, as it passed through the streets, as eaoh of and enthusiastic a gathering of the solid men of thecountry. The various processions are far too numerous amaxxhnoaaly adopted: the men on board was working at his respective trade. to mention, and when joined constituted one so longSUtolmd, Thai we, tthee RRepepuhuBbleiacanna* of Richmond County, All along ..the line of march, following it in the rear,tthe administration of GOT. E. D. Morgan, and was an ox team, thirtV'three yoke, drawing logs and that I could not take.the time to Bee the whole of itUSS^^SSStt and xeaaonabie reto of logialative aohemea pass. I asked an intelligent gentleman if he knew how rail-makers, who worked away with maul and wedge. long it was. ' No,' he replied. 4 only One end of it hasSteamship Florida, Crowell, Savannah, mds«. and pans, to S. L. Mitcliill fc Son. 17th inst., lat. 87, passed a ship showingL in red and white signal, colors running lengthways.ing and cheering are going on just below me. It is M M ^ e o o W , may be sure of an honest, able, and economical —On the 14th inst., there was a great ovation to dinicult to say which is the most eloquent, the speakersW M . P A I T K K M ) ] - W.C*KL.,.hTlte Rep«bll< lyn »iU held* 1 ICESOA Y K\K wild. »U>b«;addThirteenth meeting »( thu i EVKMNO. Anf. r« «id«-nu ot the dJJ. M. Born, )H. A. (SMITE, JNineteen ill ' Din-Una of the XI tbe"Wig«axi.' o o'clock. AU Robs fully invited V» at« aa bustats* of ih>pmm M< 1)">NSJ TT^renty-flr*ing •* nl b« »«• •. r Dr 11-R.oais. No By otdrr ofOno. O. ELLIS*AttentionL I N C L U B v U JlktvrooJ H.ii. CJOHNCOMU eIuqii«M-t s d v e a t will Addreas t*.* 1P S The &M o'clock.Widcf"AwKJ BLLE ail in aaUfees, Wide-A*Victoria Br* th«s« Meiiala. tiS t o n e P r o m S^lf-it*inn wun< article in use. F<Wlde-AwnJk lb* lowest plUe. OOLORKO L.U •/en » R>pnbh< «xrrenrh's) C mad ludis^t-n»«s v sorner of Cana' si Btntsx. Send fur • • w Tot* CH»JHE CH.THE HEAt a> A M i l K . C THE <administration. ~ ,. . . JtmtUvtd. ItoiX the course of our representative in Congress.the H«aTLutber C. Carter, reoexres oar cordial approbationjand . b«Ji«vUt him to be faithfal to the interests of the 1st District. wad to the Constitutional and patriotic principles of the Ropobli-Hoffman in Alton, 11L The Cmcrier says:" The procession was the finest ever seen in this city. In it. and bearing torches, were the Germanor the hearers, notwithstanding John P . Hale is among'i —-The Whcclmg (Va.) Intelligencer of the 16th hasthe following notice of a Republican meeting: andelection:"Hancock County is the banner Republican county,BrOf kman fc Co.Baik Hannah Secor, Graffam, Matanzas 14 days, sagar to ALbert Horn; vestel to Frost fc Forrest. Has been 4days north of Capes of Delaware with light winds.Bark Nornmbcga, Saunders, Galveston 30 days, cotton, fcc. to J. H. Brower fc Co. Had light S. E. winds and calms tho entire passage.Brig East, 8patcs, Havana 12 days, sugar, ire. to D. C. Mnrray. No date, Rufus R. Collins, second officer, died.. Anchored at tho Lower Quarantine. /Brig Veteran (Br.), Drew, Grand Turk, T./I. 15 day*, tart td gust 15, b; the Rev. M. C. Stokea, John S. Foater of this city master. 13th lm«t., lat. 37, Ion. 7110, spoke whaling senr. ,Lincoln Club, the Old Guard, Alton Wide-Awakes, e n party, wamihesiiatinKly recommend him a» a tried and true Young Men's Lincoln Club,. Coal Branch Wide- w m s s t a to the Concessional Convention of the District. Awakes, Upper Alton Wide-Awakes, Young Americaalleged that they one night seized himj and, after gag- The market IBvery firm: common American is advancing; sales ging him to prevent an alarm, they tied him by his probably 10,000 or more oalea. Import* previously, 17,740.Xinthorne Tompkins and Abraham Latourette were Lincoln Club of Alton} Fostwburg delegation, Upperheels up to a beam in the rope-walk, in which condition he was found the next morning, insensible. He wasekcted (felelegates to the Sj?acuse Convention, with X>. F. Appleton and A. C. Simonaon as alternates. S. Iu Hopping, J. Egbert, W. T. Johnson, A. G. S. GaJe, Michael Conklba, and ML B. Bryant, were elected•Vegatee to the Congressional Convention. The Gen-eral Committee of the connty organized after the ad- . joursmest of the Coovention by electing Gr. W . Cartas,Alton Young Americans, and near a hundred citizens, beside a large number wno would have carried torches could they have been obtained. The procession, as it marched through the city, was greeted everywhere with the most enthusiastic cheers, to which it re- sponded in kind. Its whole course was a glorious tri- umph. Several bands of music, the shooting of Roman candies, the bright flaming of the torches, the glistening uniform and manly bearing of the Wide-Awakes, theM A R R I E D .of the State. We admit it after last Tuesday. Such taken home, and put to bed with a sickness from which FOSTER—WILLIAMS—At Tom's River, on Wednesday, Au-spoke 'in English a few minutes, and then gave our"has given about 250 Democratic majority for the lastten years—this town about 100; but this year (and the are active and influential Democrats. With these facts, ering to hear the speeches and participate in theto the Republican State Convention at Syracuse was Tuesday afternoon, August 21, at half past 2 o'clock, from and pass, to F. Perkins.votes are counted) this town will go Republican by 50.that cannot be disputed, our readers will naturally in-demonstration.. Col. J. L. Freeman, who is always on hand and in the midst of every good Republican word "and work, was called to the chair. The speak- ers were Messrs. Firestone of New-Lisbon, O., and E. M. Norton of Wheeling in the afternoon, and Dr. Buckley of Newburgh, Dr. Todd (formerly of Han- cock), and A. W. Campbell of Wheeling in the even- ing." .-T-A correspondent of The Rochester Express ex-pose? the operations of a swindler who has been doingheld on Saturday night, at the Odeon. Charles Post the residence of her father, William Bartlett, No. 284 Pearl street, Brooklyn.Steamtug R. B. Forbes, Clark, Boston 36 hours. Came on to tow ship Ranger to Boston.. SAILED—Steamships. Arago, Havre (passed the Battery atBo it is everywhere. The Democrats are lost, bewil- quire why these men were dismissed. Simply and dered. They know notwhom to follow; they haVe no solely because they were appointed through the influ-and William H. Jenkins were chosen delegates from Boston and Portland papers please copy.the VHth Assembly District, and John Mitchel and VAN DOREN—In Jersey City, New-Jersey, on Thursday. 12:80): Kangaroo (Br.), Liverpool (passed at 12:15); Karnakleader. Honest Abe will sweep all the great West like* prairie-fire. I have recently been passing leisurelyover all parts of this State, and talking with well-in-formed men of all parties, and the impression is, every-ence of the Hon. Wm. H. Ludlow, and were supposed to be his friends. Mr. Ludlow is a well-known friend of Mr. Douglas, and evinced that friendship at the Ch*rleston and Baltimore Conventions, while carryingAugust 9, I860, Laura Curtis, aged 3 (months and 15 days, and (Br.), Nassau: Augnsta, and Mount Vernon, Savannah: Nashrllle, ' - " ' oh Friday, August 17, Lorraine Ashtou, aged 3 months and 13 Charleston; Yorktowm Noifolk fcc; Patapsco, Portland; ships]where, that on the nag of Democracy is legibly written out the wishes of his constituents. In doing so, he in- —Ichabod.'' curred the resentment of Messrs. Buchanan and Cobb,SUNDAY, A u g . 19.Fall TURK, 11«For sah*by a IALABJfcM VBe* POL1T Far sal* at Th«T AND FOBCeatains a eon «m«»tioaof »••-m Poblio Dooian. «u«-»tlon» rtUtm favor, and tb- tare. Also li •• 1 Land Bill * ••fc Session.For *»le at The United States frt*A NT1-M.VS>e POLITIC a For sal* at TbeALT WjLiSeatbv mal. 0 THA YFRk YLlKS. G\ KLAS »>nS.*v. ty For sale at TheTHE, YOltJ THE COMM'• Also thos<- *Prlr* 8e*t">. p hunaevd. FernaTHK POLeouUlii^ tho tion cif »**»j. »J I « tfor *s'v *i ' • <•nnEUBsiiASendferCi £OLD KOCSOLD, or Cona<ant>y oi> I BOOKS, E NO4tc N.B.—W'.Jtsale.C cmeEparr phi-1.' Qltml n-tuie UJ T b* forw aid. toLEY'S FOOD New-YorkBear>townmeetingdid.somedayspreviousthereto.boring boroughs began to pour into the city. The com-Commercial,hasmadethefollowingresponsetoare-her, she was liberated. No doubt these precious turtle doveswillfindtheirwayintoeachother'sarms.[Brooklyn Eagle, 18th.BrigMaurice(HoL),Scbrooder,Curacoa15days,wood,fco.toIrish, Qermans, English, and Scotch.—Gen. E. W. Benson, of Westfield, Morrow County,demonstration, and fairly inaugurates the great cam- lowing the nolders of peculiar property the exercise ofpaign . which shall see Old Abe placed in the Presiden- the prtrogative of governing the whole country. ALLEGED ASSAULT AND HIGHW A Y ROBBER Y .—Six de Br«:bandar*<, Mrs. A. Xiques, 7 children and servant, New-Or from Scilly, coals to C. C. Duncan fc Co.Democrat, has come out for Lincoln, publishing a card Beaver, and New-Brighton, Pittsburgh, Allegheny,the necessity of turning out the ins; in the legitimacy\*ho alleges that'one night, about a week ago, while returning to his home, ho was attacked by the accused, and violently beaten and robbed of $80. The young men gave bonds for their ap-Mru. F. Avery, two children aud servant, Mr. Horacio, F. Schu- lenburg, Mrs. L. Loclene and child, New-Yoik; Mrs. G. W. Tur- ner, 8 child r«n and servant; H. Cailly, Mrs. 11. Cuiliy and * chil-in which he says that he has waited long enough forprietary influence was given for Douglas.7 .58Total.who turned out in great numbers, attracting the atten(Sen of the whol#*city. At the Wigwam, whose gaUe- there were 3,000 present to listen to him, John S. Mor-SHKKHUHIHOOK, S8t Mugs, N^Sk, Au^ 14-^w oara ^ ^ ^:Monro*.-Second District—Lewis Selye and _Adolphe Nolte; " Vast crowds turned out to hear him. At Florence Otsego, First District—John Cook and Ea a 8.'Whipplej Dutch-who are now abusing their power and position by hunting together in the work of proscription."by his wife, is off again. He disappeared yesterday. Steamship Etna (Br. screw), Anderson, Liverpool 7th inst and Quevnstown 8th, at 4 p. m., mdse. and 50 steerage pass, to K.—We cheerfully publish the subjoined correction: lowing:•" At a Toang Men's Republican mass meeting at Boarytowu, demonstration in Pittsburgh, Pa. Tlte Daily Journal Orleans, Yates, and Niagara. It appears that he callsMarkets—Reportedconsent of his much'better half, is not stated. But be- tive: sales 18,000 hush, at $123®$! 83 lor Rod, and $1 30© Skerries, passed ship Richard III, bound in; also stamshlp North:fore he went, he gave Mrs. P.- $200, and she expresses $1 60 for White. COKN dull at 70'5'74c. for mixed; 72®74c. for Britan, bound in. 14th. lat 48 27, Ion. 46 46, exchanged signalaSeneca Connty, on the 9th Inst, one of the principal speakers says of it:herself content tolet him go, and will not trouble her- Yellow, and 80®82c. for White. No other change. PHILADELPHIA, ' Aug. 18.—FLOCK quiet at $ 5 5 0 © $ 5 75. upon leading Republicans, and solicits money for the self any more about him. He is therefore at liberty to WHBAT dull at $1 2«®*1 35 for Red, and * 185®* 1 55 forpronounced Horace Oreeler to be " one of the most infamon* XBscals -with which any political party was ever oursed." '" We have never seen a more splendid demonstra- tion than we witnessed last night in our city. The whole town was irt a blaze of glory, and, as it seemed to us, the population of half the county was present.left to start life together with. Miss Lottie was taken into custody by the Philadelphia police after the discov- ery at the Walnut-street House, and was detained overPOBK $19 50W$19 75. LARD quiet atl3i@13io. WHISKY firm at2W3>22c<OHWHOO, Aug. 18.—FLOUR steady at $5 25 for,extra State, butsales are confined to small lots. W H E A T easier; sales last iright7,000 hush. No. 2 Chicago Spring at $ 1 07, and 9,500 buahTdo.somewhat smutty at $1 00; to-day 3,000 bush. No. 8 ChicagoSpringat$105;3.300bush.RedWinterIndianaat$1JUfrJ,and6,200bush. White Southern Michigan, at $118, CORN quiet; Dovall fc Co.no sales. CANAL FREIGHTS ic. higher on.grain, Flour 80c, Biig George Dowuca (of Calais). Jamioson, P. R. 4th inst, %w> Wheat 10c. and Corn 9Jc. to New-York. LAKE IMPORTS: gar and molasses to Motcalf fc Duncan.uthat the speaker made this statement in the presence ofSteamship R. R, Cuylor, docker, Savannah, mdse. and pas*, to H. B. Cromwell fc Co. «This is an .error, for the paragraph seems to saysays is very efficient in its labors for the Republican cause. He is a humbug.Ike meeting. The facts upon which this paragraphdoubtless is based are these: One of the speakers at the As early as 8 o'clock the Wide-Awakes of the neigh-Steamship Boanoke, Couch, Richmond, fcc, mdse. and pass, to Ludlam & Helncken.NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, AUCnJST 20, 1860. betn tremendous- Douglaewm was utterly, over-, Ghaut naqna, First t>5it/kt-8top]ben W. Steward and 8- H. •'&•women.Republican nwn addresses wj-re made by GovCha8ey$be Hon. J. M.Ashley, the Hon. B'adley F though Col. Lindsay was there for Douglas, and Col. Second Da^id M. Swltli andCdunty Independent. —A.correspondent of th^BostonJTrawtfc/f writes as Kipgs on Saturday afternoon and evening, and selected follows concerning the recent Bepublican Demonstra^ the following delegates and alternates to the State Con-amonff us an earnest discussion of political topics. JNor Holbrook. Alternates—John C. Slaght, John B. Commeyer.large quantities of rich iron ore, iron works, etc. Messrs. James Relnuck 6c Co., tea merchantsof Great Tower street, have failed. It is feared that tholiquidation will be nnsatisfactory.The Bine Jacket sailed from Melbourne for Englandwouldwefailtonoticethefactthatthereseemedtobebut one party. In Maine, at least, Democrats are asscarce asdemijohns.. Mr-Douglaaw^sherejesterday,but even the presence of the * Little Giant' failed to re- District Convention by Mr. L . W . Murray, and was enkindlethesmoulderingfireBoftheDemocracy. TheFORT OF HEW-TOKK...A*«. »a rally aB the Lincoln and Hamlin men had there onthat day has never. yet been s»en in the limits of theOld Dominion, and was one of the sort calculated tovery much depress the spirits of orthodox patriots, perinduced by injuries received at the hands of some—Murat Halstead, esq., editor of Tlte Cincinnati the next day; but there being no charge laid againstBrig Richard Brown (Br ), Welsh, Lingan, C. B. 12 days, coal to order.at a hotel in Seneca Falls, in the presence of ssveral panies from South Pittsburgh and Birmingham were quest that he should be present at a Republican.meet-leading Republicans, declare in substance that Horace among the first to arrive, with their trim uniforms and. Greeley was one of the most dishonest political scoun- blazing lamps and a band' of mueic All the gallant i ng: ••'"•'favor oi Bates and other Presidential candidates, to be and greeted by the waving of handkerchiefs of the "Your meeting will have all properand needful con- appear, he escaped without injury. He was considerably fright- and 95c. for No. 1, Red; in store. CORNdull, and 3c. lower; sales 1 New Oileans for New-Vladies. An escort of the Minute Men from the Fourth spicuity in the columns of The Commercial. ened, hut sustained no bodily hurts. 40,000 bush, at 36o. in store. OATH quiet, and lc. lower. RK« 25 02, Ion. 80 07, passed bark rS*an«hua,, from New-Orleans for N. CEIPT8—1,600 bbls. Flour, 170,000 bush. Wheat, 109,000 bush. Aug. 14, lat. 87 02, Ion. 78 44, passed brig Lucretia, for N^and enthusiastic young Republicans of those two thriv- /FORTUNATE ESCAPE.—A little boy named James 250 bbls. Flour, 69,600 bush. Wheat, 38.400 bush. Corn. CANAL Biig Sea Lion, Walls, Zara, Cuba, 17 days, sugar and molasses Ktllv, five years of ago, accidentally fell from the third-atory EXPORTS: 100bbls. Flour, 26,600bush. Wheat,42,800bush. Corn. to C. fc E. J. Peters" CINCINNATI, Aug. 13,1860.was a liar; that he himself caused alt those letters ing boroughs' appeared to have turned out for the occa- " To Ci.ijTON M. NICHOLS. Secretary of the Young Men's Re-. •window of his parents' residence, corner of Hamilton. avenue CHICAGO, August 18—8 p. m.—FLOUR dull, and lO^lSc. lower. Brig Energy. De Pass, Mobile 19 days, cotton and naval storesdrels (or villains) that ever disgraced a party; that howhich appeared from time to time in T H E TKIHUSK, in sion, and they were cheered at every turn by the men, , publican Club, Springfield, Ohio: and Luquecr street, on Satnrdny evening, and, strange as it may WiiiCAT dull, and 4@5c. lower; sales at 77c. for No. 1 Spring, to Sturges, Clearamn & Co. Aug. 4, hit 28 21 Ion. 79 89, signaled.written, & c These epithets and statements he• repeated in substance, and with variations, several Ward, Allegheny, who, we believe, were the suggest- '••I am obliged to you and the Young Republicans of DROV/NED IN A CISTERN.—A little boy named Cora, 8,000 bush. Oats. SHIPMENTS—1,700 bbls. Flour, 247,000 York. ' • -times, with more to the same effect. The meeting in i question was addressed by Judge Culver, Gen. Nye,street, was accidentally drowned on Saturday, by falling into the£ 'Ip" cent premium.Port Medway; N. 8.10 days.lumber to Brett, Sou fc Co.Barkentine Lamplighter, Thompson, Salt Cay, T. I. Aug. 5.ers of the grand promenade, waited upon the Pittsburgh Springfield for the invitation to place myself underWide-Awakes, who turned out with full ranks ana a your care for a few days, but my duties here forbid mebush. Wheat, 138,000 bush. Corn. 11,500 bush. Oat». F L I G H T S James E. Diusdale, five years of age, residing at No. 34 Carrol firm; 9c. on Wheat to Buffalo. SIGHT EXCHANGE on New-YorkYork.Biig Delmont Locke, Mitchell,band. All the various companies, under the chief-mar- to think of accepting your hospitality.cistern in the rear of the yard The Coroner held an Inquest, and the Rev. B. 1. Ives, Chaplain of the Auburn State shalship of the gallant Gen. Negley, rendezvoused on " I do not see well how a candid, intelligent young and a verdict in accordance with the facts was rendered.BTJKPALO, Aug. 18, 6 p. m.—FLOUR quiet and unchanged. salt to J. M. Smith 4c Co.WPrison. It was the latte* person who made the state-ments concerning Mr. Greeley at Seneca Falls." the -East Common, Allegheny. Thence, with gay man of the Northern States can account toliimself forstreamers, blazing cressets, bands of music,and cheers, doing otherwise thaa supporting Abraham Lincoln for A FIGHT WITH ROWDIES.—About 1£ o'clock, Sun-. changed. CANAL FREIGHTS unohanged. LAKE IMPORTS'—6,500bbls. Flour, 84.000 bush. Wheat, 20,000 bush. Com, 12,000 bueh. Oats. No returns came from the Canal office.CINCINNATI, Aug. 18.—FLOUR unchanged, and demand limited. WHISKY firm at 173c. PROVISIONS quiet. MESS PORK $19 50. MONEY MARKET steady and unchanged. Sight EXCHANGE on New-York dull at \ per cent premium.Schr. Ospray (Br.), Murphy, Jacmel Aug. 3, logwood and cof-—The Republican meeting at Bangor on Thursdaywas three times as large as the Douglas meeting about body which numbered 500 young men, the very flower a CTZ'M'S,/now is a good time to have it. No honest man near Myrtle avenue, and while in the act of arresting Johnparaded through the principal streets of the city. The tics of the day, without knowing that the interests of the officer down, pulled his coat over his head, and kicking him —On Thursday evening there was a rousing German eight was grand and inspiring, Four abreast they ex- the whole country demand the overthrow of the parti- in tho side, injured him severely. The officer brought his clubinto requisition and knocked one down and disabling the second, Republican meeting at Sandusky, Ohio. Mr. Hassau- tended from Wood street to Grant, and illuminated all sans now in power, who have used the prejudice had no. difficulty in mastering tho third, John Francis, whom hethe streets through which they passed. The prevail- against negroes which pervades the white race, with- marched off to the Station-Ho«ne.from the thousands which lined the streets, in a solid next President of the United States. If there is to bewhich so much noise was made. of our population, they marched across the river and can have even a superficial acquaintance with the poli- Francis, one of the parties, the others interfered. They knockedreck made a long address, occupying more thanNEW-ORLEANS, Aug. 18—COTTON firm; soles to-day of 900steady, at 8VS>9o. for fair • tq, fully fair. FREIGHTS—Cotton to dav previousing uniform was the black cape and Zouave cap, but out the distinction of party, and the scarecrow of Dis- two hours. In the. evening there was also a Wide- the Lincoln Minute Men of Allegheny wore, we be- union, to fortify themselves in a career ofprofligacy as Awake display. lieve, a red cape, while the Fourth Ward; Pittsburgh, scandalous and ruinous as that of the official thieves—A Wide-Awake Club of seventy-three membershas been organized in Honesdale, Wayne County, Pa., with the various corps to distinguish them, but we posed to making the institution of Slavery a basis for handled by the fatber of Miss Martin and his tw<» sons about!C. M. Ball captain. It is composed of Americans, trust we shall before long. This was, all in all, a great operation against the Federal Treasury; opposed to al- /week ago. Lewis was held.lor a hearing.Liverpool, 946'8>9-tt2d.The rert of the market unchanged.OClir. Ann, C/le, City Point 10 days flour to master.Schr. J. T. Brady. Loper, Virginia 3 days, wood.S<rhr. Mary Mankin, Beers, Boston 3 days, nid*«. to J. C.CJub,were a silvered cape and cap which is very beau- who impoverished Russia and bankrupted Austria.tiful. We have not yet become sufficiently familiar " As I understand the Reptiblican sentiment, it is op- the Martin family, aud, as will be recollected, was rather roughlyFas»eiigerti Sailedyoung men, named Christian McGlnnls, John Lee, Andrew leans, Felipe Horriutinor, M. Horlutinor, IL Valiento, Cuba;tial chair. The young men are in the field. The gal- " I have not much confidence in the Republican Conklin, Beni. Caumphee, Robert Packs and Josoph Corcoren, A. Doppcher, California; Cbas. Kuhu. New-York: J. O. Bartholo-Ohio, an old soldier of the war of 1812, and a lifelong lantry and enthusiasm inspired by a inst cause is with party as a party, and no confidence in the Republican were arrested on Saturday last, on the complaint of Mr. VVm. mew, J. C. llivas, Cuba: John Saulnier, James B. Cone, Conn ; us. Keep the ball rolliDg. Tne Wide-Awakes of. 'platform as a declaration of principles, but I believe in Hughes, residing on the cor. of North 9th and 1st sts., E. D., Dr. H. M. Humphrey, Stamford; Mrs. Louis Jocot, F. Avery,Birmingham, South Pittsburgh, and Port Perry, thebis ancient party to improve, and he advises all his old Lincoln Minute Men of Allegheny, the Lincoln Minute personal integrity and sturdy will to do well of the Re pearance, and will be examined on tho charge before Justice dren, Mrs. Dehord and daughter, Mrs. C. C. Duboco, N. York;and excellence of the Republican sentiment, and in thefellow-soldiers to do likewise, spending their last years Men of the First Ward, the Fourth Ward d u b of Lin- publican candidate for the Presidency, who is eminently Colahan to-day.Misa Jane Boyer, A. E. Muller, New-Orleans; Mr. arid Mrs. Mildorborger, Master Milderbcrger, A. Furry, P. Eppelshelmer, New-York; Mrs. Vlrglida Debalckor and child, France; Mrs. J.in the service of an honest leader.—-Tit*Border State, a campnign Republican paper, has just been commenced at Baltimore.coln Guards, were all nandeomely represented, looked admirably, and marched well."a man of "the people, and, I more and more believe, THE MAN for the nation. . M. HALSTEAD."' •• ' . »WHOLESALE ROBBERIES.—Shnaderbeck's brewery,Saturday of a silver watch worth $45, a stella shawl, a gold and 2 children, Mrs. 8. Sdbzenmn and 3 children, Mrs. Roelfsou, " On the 29th of June, 1859, the Southern Opposi- —Vote on the cars from Crestline to Pittsburgh, chain, and other articles, worth iri all about $100. A Oormin, Miss Roelfson, Cincinnati; W. S. Hinckley, Albany; H. Gariel,—The Atalanta Intelligeiicer says:tion party for this district had a meeting at Newnau, Aug.'17, I860.:iorfaierly employed in the establishment, is suspected, and dili- Massachusetts; A. Prevost, New-York; Mrs. J. Humphrey,JU1»» gent search has been made for him, but ho has not yet been ar- E. Humphrey, Detroit; D. llatton. Total 87. Specie iri«98,150.rested...... At a late hour on Saturday night the premises of In steamship Kangaroo, for Liverpool—Frederick VVhlttakor, 3 Mr. Jacob Saulenklaus, No. 293 Grand street, E. D., were en- Misa Edith Whittaker. Miss Susan VVblttaker, Mme. BouteMe., 1 tered through a rear window by. burglars, and robbed of jewelry Miso H. Berrie, Philadelphia; VV. Hognn, Mrs. M. Day and ohlld,U—A. E. Gordon, the late Editor of The Grand for the purpose of nominating a candidate for Congress Gentlemen For Lincoln.........Ladies.23 For Lincoln 21 For Douglas..,Rapid* Enquirer, has left the paper, his inclinations from this district. In the platform of principles adopted, For Douglas loading bim to support Breckinridge, while the pro- for the governance of the party in that canvass, was For Bell4 For Breckinridge... 3C. lOusser and lady, S. Froinberg, wife and family; A. Kuemsie, T. MeyrutRov. David Steele. John L. Bowes, Edward BoydK D. Gumpeirtz, A. H. Ogdeu, \ ictor Lcelerc and lady, and 147 Inncorporated the following resolution:—The Breckinridge and Lane Central State Commit- " 4tb. That the Soatb ban nothing to hoDe for from the Repub-tee of Kentucky have issued a secret circular calling lican and Democratic parties, and a true devotion to the welfare of our own aection require au« to oppose both; and that this ConFor Breckinridge.... Declined votingTotal..worth $100, and $50 in money. No arrest bus been made.SUSPICION OF LARCENY.—A man, Darned Patrick the steeruge. Total, 178. Specie, $78(.t,310 41., —Vote on the care between Philadelphia and Tren- for funds to help carry that State. Though the funds Sqiuvtter Sovereignty policy of Stephen A. Douglaa, or the Kree- tim, Aug.:18,:1860:PH lLADELl'HIA, Aug. 19-Air. ^ark" J> TM Anna^Perrvtjntiou will neither Indorse, Hympithize, nor affiliate with themay come, the voters will not. Soil atfinltiea of Bell, Crittenden, and Houston, and all others GentlemenBelow, > •_ . 4 i „ . *» A,Un»sess, FirBt District—Alexander B. Suhultz and Jot n tl: Ketoham: ri«»wtredenselyfiltedwifcthefeirestoftieDetroitIgan,andJudgePhelan.Theeffectisreportedtohave Orange,FirstDistrict—JohnBigelowandHobertH.Forsyth;, /,•-•- .-.:'•'•'-•••>-'•( larbor with four feet of wator in her ilatn) and put into lsaoceT cmtuending thePrice*L >«:t',:-Declined voting. Total.residing in Fourth street, E. D., was run over by a dirt cart on Saturday, and severely injured..... A Gorman, residing In New- Yoik, accidentally foil overboard from one of the Houston-street forry-boats, last Satuiday. He was rescued with coniidorablea •A r r i v e d!•••••••*••••#Ladies.26 For Lincoln.11 For Douglas17For Bell............11 Declined voting....,VJhnoo; Duvid Kimboil.. Leghorn; brhj D^bi, Havana, biig Ke*olute, Ckufuegos.Total.—The following delegates to the Republican State difficulty.In steamship Etna, from Liverpool—Alex. Buchanan, ladyand Infant, Mrs. Petrio.Mrs. Lobdell aud 2 ohildren,.Rev. D. \V.Marsh, E. Goodell, T. Boird and lady, John Cochraiu, Miss Mar^tha Griffin Miss Jenkins, Capt. Banks, I. Vyilliumsou uud lady,••*«••»•»•84Convention at Syracuse have been chosen:BalUmorehilft»,r.>gn»Ur*dMl tuns rated All, and owneo. »y (Jeorge Logan «ni*kl*»l*»<,«a«,40Untitled Document:,v •-"•--.••••.••• -•••^ v- . •Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Smith and Janios Ellicott; 8n]llvan^aich"araBROOKLYN ITEMS.1it v£?*"?}> J** Vmiwa. John Myow. Wm Crvz, JotaJlimited, owing partly to the recent withdrawal of stock startedinDakotaCity. ItiscalledThe Humboldt STATECONVENTION.-—TheRepublicanAssemblyDis- bymoneydealers,toemployaportionoftheirreservesKTNOS COUNTY REPUBLICAN DELEGA TES TO THEvention, to meet at Syracuse on the 22d inst.: /" It is a wonder that anybody can sleep anywhere, First District.—Delegates—D. C. Winalow, 3. N. Stearna. tions were to a fair extent.. •;tion at Bangor, Maine:in all this region, at least, where political enthuaasm is Alternates- Isaac W England, John Quincy Adame._•,-(4Mott &nd O. 8.City Article says: ; 'The fnndp opened with more flrmneu*. In conse- Lona, M. Jo.e Tomu. ItMMfa L. Llamoaa, J. Moriowjortan increase of pay, and wanted Nolan to join them in Officers from all parts of Switzerland to the number ofthe strike. In consequence of his refusal to do so, it is 12,000, assembled on the occasion.LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET—Wednesday noon.—he never recovered. The verdict of the jury was that the deceased came to.his death irom consumption, su-to Han:Williams of the former place. !>«!• I>.of New-Bedford, bound home, 5 months out, with MO sp.; all hands sick with scurvy; gave him some oranges, which was all that could be spared.Brig Lydia Stover, Getcbell, Bangor 7 days, lumber to master.Brig Mystic, Godfrey, Matagorda Bay 28 days, in ballast to McCready, Mottfc Co.Brig Dunkirk (of Ellsworth), Griffin, Neuvttas 12 days, sugar, fcc. to C. fc E. J. Peters.Brig Blanche (Br.l. Roy, Black River, Jam. 26 1 mm, fcc. to J. S. Whitney fc Co. Sailed in co. wii h brig Mars Jones, for London. ary13fce, for instance, the editors of The Wheeling Union. persons unknown. A man known in Williamsburgh CARRTL—On Sunday, August 19, Nathan T. Carryl, in the 48thyear of his age.Hia friends and those of his family are invited to attend his fu •neral at bis late re»idenco, No. '2MWest T» entieth street, on Wednesday next, the 22d inst., at 3 p. m., without further no- tice. Hi« remains will be interred in Greenwood Cemetery.Republicans of Hancock are not without hope that by ond street, New-York. provisions. 16th inst, lat. 36 40, lorn 74 35, had a heavy squall 1864 the Judge will formally recant his Wellsburg day afternoon, the schooner Maricaibo, of Freeport, DELAVAN—At Jonesville, Michigan, on Monday, August 6, firm N. E., which split jib. * ^What made it worse was that Judge Thomoson, theday before, had been up there holding his assizes, andas " Dntchey" was implicated in the affair, but could'»CHADEAYNK—At Pleasontville, on Friday, August 17, Emily Chadeayne.charge altogether, and be clear around again to where Me., lying at anchor off the foot of Jerolemon street, Dr. Tompkins C. Dclavan, formerly of Ovid, Seneoa County, New.York, In the 89th year of his age.,Schr.E.Sheddon,Andrews,Bucksville,S.C.4days,naval first men of Hancock County were }at the rally on from top to bottom. The electric fluid passed into the evening, August 18, Eliza wif« of James Dick, aged 64 years. stores to master.Tuesday. We may quote such names as those of Tho friends of the family are invited to attend the funeral on Fchr. Petrel (Br. of St John, N. F.), Skinner, Hall Oe'daya, Jacob Brennaman, Jacob and John Brown, Thomas cabin, where the Captain, Mr. Samuel Hutchinson, and Monday, the 20th inst., from Grace Church, White Plains, at chalk and paint to Boyd fc Hinckeu, 'SoDows:t*SIR:BeportsaysthatvonadvocatethecauseofmanwasintroducedtotheaudiencebyJ.W.Schweppe, heusedtobe'indaysofAuldLangSyne.'Thewasstruckbylightning,andthemainmastshiveredDICK—AtWhitePlains.WestchesterCounty,onSaturdaySchr. Francis, O'Donnell, TruxUlo 1st inst, bides, fcc. to A. BL Solomon.laughter afl the while. The Germans were almost Jackson did; and when I see men professing to belong wild with enthusiasm. Outside the hall, H. Kries- to the old laxaily, and ingrafting (to me) obnoxious maira. esq., also of Chicago, was introduced to the branches thereon, I have no sympathy for them." crowa, ana poured the hottest kind of hot shot into the ranksof the twin Democracy for about half an hour. —A correspondent at Anderson, Iud., sends us the Hardly any speaker ever made a more favorable im- following account of the condition of politics in that pression upon an audience than he did. The enthusi- State: asm was unbounded; When he closed Jo. Gillespiewas called out by such a shout as is not often heard in " Indiana is awake. In thisjplace, in two evenings, this city. All our readers know what he is, and if weabove a hundred young men joined the Wide-Awakes..mixed np with outside isms, but hold as Jefferson andothers of like substance and character. It was County him almost instantly. Every man Of. the crew was KLRBY—In Brooklyn, on Saturday, August 18, of typhoid fever,Thereis nocounty-townintheStatewhereathere are tellthemthat he madeoneof his verybest speechesnot similar organizations. The enthusiasm now is they will have ari idea of his effort. After he and Mr. of the sixteen Justices, and there seemedland, Me., where he leaves a wife and one child.CITY MORT ALITY .—The total number of deaths BVANDOLPH—At Easton, Pennsylvania, on Saturday, AugustHoffman closed, there were other short speeches. The to be a desire to organize the Court on a higher and deeper than in 1856. Dane and Lincoln will Republicans were jubilant—at 10 o'clock every one on representative basis, in order that if Dred Scottcarry Indiana by over 10,000. A greater number of or anything of the kind came up fot adjudication, euch 'old and young' Republican speakers are out and at the street was an embodiment of satisfaction. Letwork in real earnest than ever before in this State. Hoffman have as hearty a welcome from now to a bungle as Taney and his confreres made of it mightJuno, Johnson, Rockland 4 day*.I Schr Elmira Rogers, Bates, Boston for«Albany.Among the speakers in our own Congressional Districtsare M. S. Kobinson, Republican Elector in 1856, ayoung and promising attorney, whose devotion, abilityelection day as we gave him here."—The Svffolk Democrat says:" We have heretofore briefly alluded to the removalbe avoided. Finally, after several ballots, Wm. L. Crawford, a good, true-blue Republican, was elected, and we are happy to believe that the rights and liber- ties, franchises and immunities of the good people of Hancock, of all sects, creeds, and parties, will be abundantly safe in his hands. After dinner and after the election of the Presiding Justice, the Court ad- journed and gave place to the crowds who were gath-last week was 135, of which 107 were children and 18, Sarah, wife of James F. Randolph, in the 71st" year of her28 adults. The principal diseases were: cholera infan- THOMPSON—On Saturday, August 18, Clementine, eldest tum, 28; marasmus, infantile, 15; consumption, 13; • daughter of Henry O- and Louisa H. Thompson, aged 14 years,Elmira, 8n>ith, Providence 2 days.Robeit 8inith, Wilcox, Portland 2 days.James M. Brain&rd, Hulse. Portland 2 days.J. G. Collver. Chapia, Portland 2 days.Rescue, Bacon, Brookhaven t days.Knight, Kelly, Rondout for Boston.Henry Gibson. Gibbs, New London 3 days, oil to master.Court day, Circuit Court having finished np its bus- more or less eeriouely effected, but all recovered withinJohn Kirhy, aged 26 years..MASON—On Thursday evening, Auguit 16, In the 65th year ofhis age, John L. Maso>, formerly one of the Justices of theSuperior Court of the City of New-York.His frievds and the members of the Bar are invited to attendineBs the night before, and the Justices elect of lastSpring were met to organize by the election of aa short time. The table and all upon it were com- pletely shattered, and the pieces scattered about thepresiding Justice. The Court-room was occupied bytbem until nearly 2 o'clock in the day, and the con- cabin. The fluid passed out at the Vessel's quarter his .funeral from the Mercer street Presbyterian Charch, onMonday, August 20, at 4 o'clock, without further Invitation. test for the Chief Justiceship was quite spirited, and with such force as to tear the planking from the frame. MCLEAN—AtWilliamshurffh, on Friday, August 17, Nathanielserved to amuse a large number of people who had Dr. €freen was summoned to the captain's aid, asBruce McLean, aged 22 years, youngest son of P. C. McLean NIBLO—In this city, on Sunday morning, August 19, Stewart T., only child of Joseph W. and Cornelia F. Niblo, aged 1 yourand8months.The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited toattend his funeral from the residence of his parent!. No. 280 West Thtit?-first street, on Monday (this day) morning, at 10 o'clock, without further invitation.Bohr. Schr. Schr. Schr. Schr . Scbr.Manchester, Chichester, Richmond 4 days. Florida, Mott, Norfolk 3 days,Valetta. Hall. Ellsworth 8 days.Leopard, Wilcox, Lubec 6days.Charlotte, Arey, Rockland 4 days.filled the Court-House, and were awaiting the Repub- lican meeting, The Republicans had elected ten outspeedily as possible, but he found that life was extinct. CaptainH.wasabout40yearsofage,anativeofPort-E. McMullen from tho Vlth.ment.The venerable and amorous old gentleman who eloped Somervllle (N. J.) papers please copy.with his adopted daughter and was brought back againTHE LATEELOPEMENT—MR.P. OFFAGAIN.—mA r r i v e dday morning, as officer Johnson of tho 9th precinct, was patrol-Scbr. Saiah Hibbert (of Cleveland, Ohio), Peterson, Mobtle Bay 28 days, naval stores to R. M. Blackwell fc Co. Experienced heavy weather; been 12days-N. of Hatteras.Schr. Charles Dennis, Hortcn, Charleston 8 days, cotton and! rice to McCr*ady, Mott fc Co.Schr. Dan Smith (of New-Haveu), Denton, Salt Cay 9 day*, salt to Tucker it Ligbtburne,inghis beat, he observed three men fighting in Walworth streetTHREATENING LIFE.—Alonzo Lewis, was arrestedon Saturday, by officer Byrne of ttio 3d precinct police, upon the complaint of Miss Emma G. Martin, who charges him with threatening her life. Lewis bus heretofore had difficulties withTEPHENin Wyckoff street, near Union avenue, E. D., was robbed on Chevoillier, Mr. and Mrs. Brenkle, New-Orieaus- Mrs. Tournier•+man, namedPatrick Flanagan,fromNew-Vork,anlvtdhewat7o'clockthis(Satuida))morning111 sjBS^BtsasSBMasI * ^ " ' *" > *•Dii>n«»<r", 4k<5.Bonrow A«> in—The bark Helen Mar. from Calcutta, Jim* 8.boumuTBonXy puXck June ^ ^ ^ ^ M J t y g i ?Another diapafcli stulea that the Helen Mar iroantod o« u ^outta and will probably be a total osa. Th^ H. M^WMJBM« «verde, lady, and cbild; Erne.st FIKCIUT, Dr. Bu»illo Ga«cl», four nois, of Boston, from ko Erie, wiUi a o»W>«Pi c> > the AtlautloLATEST BY THE ETNA.LONDO.VT Wednesday, Aug. B.—TJLC Daily NewsHcrmand*-* W. O. H»w)dn«, Lieut. SAAM C*b*T]«ro Carlo* Ar- tesga, Mm. F. Molsl*r vtA dwabter MIM8. Hamilton, Mtw M. Jorrfn sod H"rvn7,t, K«n»i» PHr< ..r-t«, Jady, irftter, nix children* *j)d ««rv»nt; MlwJfr'olM, <?._ Mol»» A. Brtancoort,, 0.__B_f»Un- cotirt, Pedro ?'•!<• 7. and lady, Mi«« X BamrL F. 8. <L*1TUB JT.fPiaaB mr IS WXBLJHHK >JD T ' A I AST was **x*c»<*1«ja44etrwedj#• • 1tmvf.A VKBJs/vswyi Mr annum, tai$* TeaCopUis*' « C f ( M to *4dr»>dwraUof *1 s»» Vasstty or atomi d T»lMUlSSBOots »AK AND «MtNttOS. H>• fn»n»b«d *T*rr 'T B SFOR It isJMMksd oa Ussj.CA.LIKUI.NIbfablislseaoaUM «ts.l«t *JsOp«/!•v^^—- . . — . - 1A t » M « e t i a |MOUNTAIN HJheM AWR lt> W. Wiweas, HUh o *.t »xeieis*< '-ftbc«f » h o »#*k (•>< Hhrrtat, It U tti •pptcval of vfftf. 11iiesolxed, i bat 1 S^pnt/lican Cluo vrn- the *t*U- 1• r rtgntandfaithfulol past.Mettled, That elee ion «f «vrr> iarious « L-r».»ny order, Wis. W. UwoiYoung Men' at tbv tUosu*. »< No. W9 Broad»a»,Co£ I ) W A K SingimFifth AMM-KI C s m p a U a » lulpoliun hail No sag. Xouarrn.vUResolved, That the Republicans of this District heartily in- dorsetheAdministration ofGovernor Morgan, andherebyre<-qtiest the delegates to the State Convention to give him their iea.unqualified support. Letters from the River Plate give a highly satisfac- A similar resolution was adopted by the Third Dis- tory account of the political and commercial progress oftrict Convention.Sixth District.—Delegates— Sigismund Kaufman and John A. Heath. Alternates-^Dr. R. H. flhunan and Dan'l L. Northup, esq. ' : " • •The following resolution was adopted in the Vlth District:Assembly District, the nomination of the Hon. Edwin D. Mor- bullion operations at the Bank to-day, but 50,000 sov- Tbompaou. Ma; agu< z, L. fc W. Armttrona; L. M. Arnold (BxT,gan for Governor of this State, and the nomination of George ereigns were taken for transmission to the Brazils. Atkinson, St John. N. B., F. I. Nevlu» fc S*n. "Field, esq., for Presidential Elector for the Vth Congressional Government has accepted offers to lay down a new Schooner*-H. E. Dyer, Tracy, Philadelphia, L, W. McKocjlison,hasarrivedfrom Chimewith492,400poundsofLnyhVld, SnvauDah, H. B. Cromwell U. Co.; NanhviUa. Mantv CharlestonD,Spofford,Tll©*t©nAtCo;Montlcello,Gacer.Ataxra* dria,, 4-tc„,.. EL B. Cromwell 6t Co.; Fatapseo, Vail, PorUaad, H B Cromwell & Co.*District.All the delegates, it is understood, are favorable to the renomination of Governor Morgan.John, N. B., Brett, Son fc Co ; Sea Gull (Br.j, Staokhoaae, St. number of ships of war of various nations now at Na- John, N. B..P. I. Neviua & Son; Passport, Hawkins, Lavaca, STBIKE AMONG, THE ROPE-MAKEUS.—The chief ples: Five English and five French ships of the line, McCready. Mott & Co. 1 Governor,' Hooper, Jacksonville; L. one Prussian snip of the line, one American corvette, Peacock, Hobart, Savavannah, D. C. Mnrray; G. Davis, Tomer,an Austrian frigate and avizo, and a Spanish corvette Savannah, Dunham & Dimon; A P. Howe, Corson, Moreheaa City, D. C. Murray; Belle. Cubberly, Norfolk, m««t»r; H. Janes,telegraph line from Corfu to Otranto.Naples, and Messina, and the Straits, consists of sixteen Baltimore, Merrill f&c Abbott; Bay State, U*'allett, 'Boston, DaytonBark Gazelle (of N«w>Haven), Rhodes, Barbadoe* 12 days, on Saturday on the body of a young man named Henry siastic reception of the Emperor at the Camp of Cha- molasses to H. Trowbridge & Son of New-Haven.lons.dence, North Third street, E. D., it is afledged, from GENOA, Aug. 7.—The Federal Council baa received Bark Sir Charles Napier (Br. of Liverpool), Broad, Bombaywhile employed at MoQuinn's ropewalk, in the Four- Bark Hiawatha, Hall, Antwerp 40 days, mdse. and pass, to teenth ward. I t seems that a number of young men claims of Switzerland at the Conference on the affairs Stmrges, Clean* an fc Co. 14th Inst, off George's Shoal, saw tith-of Savoy. ing scbr. Montrose, of Glocester.who were employed there at the same time' struck for The annual Federal fete has taken place at Genoa. Bark E. A- Chase, Harding, Havana 12 days, sugar to H. D .Nolen, who died on Friday night last, at his late resi-the effects of injuries received nearly three years ago, a note from the Swedish Government, dated July 18, 104 days, linseed, fcc. to Crocker, Wood fc Co. No dato, off Capodays, twin cbllare,n of Joseph and Anna Maria Van Doren Their remains were taken to Mi/latone, New-Jersey, for inter-C. Reed, Valparaiso; C. Nesmith, and Southern Chief, London - Modern Times, Bristol; bark E. Dwight, Turks Island; and others*morning, whether with or without the knowledge and BALTIMOKK, Aug. 18.—FTXHJR—Nothing doing. WHEAT ac- Cuunrd. Arrived off the Battery at 9 -a, m. 8th inst, off thofc•1with Hamburg ship Gallant, bound E. 17th, passed R M. steam-, nhip Asia hence for Liverpool.Steamship Quaker City, Shufeldt, Havana Aug 15, 1 p. m.,' purpose of maintaining some secret society which he ioin his beloved Lottie, and they will have about $700 White. CORK—Sales of 1,600 hush. Yellow at 72®73cl MKPS mdse. and pass, to Hsfcgous fc Co. ,S. Hubbard, Cunt. Geo. Hatch, Cincinnati; G. 11. Coster, W A. •Habcrlard, Mr. Molina, Mrs. Molbia, H. Mails, Mrs..11. Mulls, New-York; Dr» Cochran, Brooklyn; J. Y. Stock, Charleston, S.C.; John P. Woodward, J. Osthermer, Philadelphia; ValeroSchr Surprise, Col«. Aiexandiiat< davs, coal.Schr. Yorktown. Woglam, Alexandria 9 days, coal.Schr. S. C. Jones, Bedell. Alexandria 9 days, ooal.Ship Cariova (of Bath), Hutchings, Sunderland 4Q days, and 2£Sclir. PauRiiShett, Keene, BoKton for Rondout, plaster.Schr. Gentile. Morton, Rockland 4 days, lime to master.Schr. Sarah Jane. Smith, Newport 2 days, in ballastSchr. Empress, Pirnawoith, Rockland 4 days, lime.Sloop Isaac H. Bordeu, Collins, Providence 2 days.Sloop Franklin, Jones, New-London 3 days, In ballast.Sloop Harvest, Corwln Providence 2 days, tuds*. to master. Steamer Delaware, Cannon, Philadelphia and Cape May, mdso.and pass, to F. Perkins.Steamer Ospray, Kenny, Providence, mdse. to Isaac OdeR,BELOW—Shin Calhoun, Marshall, Liverpool July 21, mdse. and pais, to Spoiford, Tlloston fc Co.Also sldp Locaii, Marsh, from Liverpool (before reported); Plymouth, from . All by pilot boot Edwin Forrest, No. 14.' SAILED-ShipMouteray, Cape Town audSumatra, andothwi WIND-Sunsot, S. S. E-B y T e l e g r a p h . .SANDY HOOK, Aug. 19, suu.ot-Nj inward bound vassels iniflht Wind Ulight, S. E.; clear. »barks anda brig S. of the HIGOHLANDS, Aug. 19. sunset-—TwolKe'iley, was aircisted yesterday by Sergeant Jacobs, of the Sixth • In steamship Karnak, for Nassau—w. J. Weeck and Master liighllands. \\Miud light,. S. E.; hazy. _ on .„„„ ;, ,Precinct, on a ohargb of stoaliu"g a watch from Abraham Weeck, Mr. and Mrs. P. Saunders, Charles A. Marshall, Ensign . Vor-blt-c Henry C Manioight, 1st W. 1. llcgt., Nassau; B. Bodo, do.; V. mclia, wbile tho ktter was asleep at hia residence, in SouthSixih street. The son of the accused says thut ho saw his father- Sargent, N. Y.: Wm. McClure, Geo. D. Harris, Mrs. Eiieaa, Mrs. take the watch freni Mr. Vermelia's pocket. Kelley was hold Willianis, 8 children and servant; Charles Fitzgerald, 1st W. I.• PiiNsjwigorMMr. LloydSENT BACK.—A colored man named James Jackson, . In steamship Quaker Ciitty\, from Havana— Mr. C. Villa- rorge Logan s«id others « Now-YorK, _ barkantine Hll-who escaped from the Fenatentiary at Flutbuah,'about two weeks •peuirom tue ronatennary 1ago, was found last Friday night, in the 14th Ward. He wa»Tore.Justice Colahau, to wh that be was taken before. Justice Colahau, to whom he admittedanescapedconvict,andwasreturnedtohisoldquarters.byTelegraph.WHBAT dull; sales 6,000 bunh. Red Winter at $108. CORNdull; sales 30,000 bush, at 50c. Other articles dull and un- .fee to master.Schr Hound (Br ). Pearman, Turk's,Inland 9 days, salt to Mid- bules, including 500 bales now, at lQ$®I0i{c. for Middling. SUGAR dleton fc Co^ The'schr. Pocahout*s, Vot New- Vork, sailed th»3ton &. Co.In steamship Arago, for Southampton and Hatre-r-Major E. niolasfces to Galway, Catado 4i Teller.children, and two servants; Charles Adam, Dr. Charles Finlay ;;r;;,v:b;;,nd-;;>«—:.«»K-«-!« ** KSa."*^ — ^and two brothers j E. M. Aulet, Auto lUyas, lady, aud threw children; Andres ATiles and servant, Ramon pfa, Ramon H | hold.H E "•!»<>]Wnf~P , w, , -- -' or<J»mr»e, S. MolInor. JoMvdin Mir« an<! lv*r«Berk Lillius (of Belfast), Oilmore, Triest* 49 days, mdso. to Walsh, Caiver & Chase. 4th inst, Wm. Watson *{ Boston,* seaman, died.Schr .Schr.Schr.Schr .Schr.Schr.Schr .Sloop Newj World, Ely, Providence 2 days.Steamer Bristol, Allen. Philadelphia, indse. to J. fc N. Briggs,Day. Schr. Crystal Palace (of Boston), Doyle, Humacoa July 27,SContains a 11- ••.'.!«(..>anilnutintolsaoceHarboeoutain« I •-4••• -•w:.rtj....->w«l«i!!.^«(lWwww.fultonhistory.comasaBasasssssssasB——' 