 Ipurchase of toe wife only, she at the time being engaged required for the Commissioners of Records.of tha to business in her own name. The Court rendered judg- llajor French, agent of the TrÇMMry DepartnMM for tb*have been received from this bureau to toe amount ofninety five thousand nine buadrÇdaitoJirc*dotou^ mi The report to favor of paying Alex. Ming $500 for extra1Cor $27*15 16 WM rendered for Hav*-J. A. Camming and othert, for a of J H HaxenVagainst William Watson, to recover $8*2 damns agamst the Board of 8nper visors,ÇTM,.A message was received from toe Mayor vetotag tb* resolution adopted by to* Board approving the applica--*Çssrsixs* no. The Court held tlFairchild, Walker & Co.17.-UnJtod State* Commissioner K. G.White, afteron committing Captain Lindsay and of the bark Emily, a suspected slaver,two persons who were passengers.Of Stoinhardt against John G. Boker Judge Strong in the Supreme Coart,Hsw YORK, Dec, 81,1860. To THS HONORABLE TH* Coirnos Cousca:ÑA report of the Committee on Fire Department in (thirty thousand dollars) there has been expended fkvor or building a house for Engine Company No. 16,fefcggjlggiiffi a^ s a o o * ^ the"i retort. Court a package of ob-Moa for dsanage* for tnjary does thepaceof thedefeudaate* servants,a taidpolte foyiwup,andafter ^omeslightdia- CourtMartialto lbs Superriior Court, special term, anacajou wasiState of MVhigaa against Urn Phaaix Bank brought b* the!i recover back the amount of two draft* of New York, to recover back tht _with .atareat ($3È^0I' "Vjdvanoeil bylhii Pbeeii: Bank to tit* government; toGorernorMason, of ÇÈ***,andwWÇWMP****ittt madebythl*e BRadilwayCompanytochange thelain* the OCowurt ¥ (urm of/ ¥ m a , aa a bÈÇis of an l'Z-I* UÈ United Statestics couU bo taken, pro the court of lastla the¥sssfftaMmfl tUllOt* flflrjTprinciple* have been ooostaaUy inmstod Çpoe aad rigidly adhered to, vis>-Tbat an official written record snould be of everytransaction,aoplainastorequireno expla-such records should at allbe opened to public inspection, and that the books, ac- counts, correspondence, sad papers of every ktod per- taining to this department, should be known aad held M pÇbUc proi*rty belonging to toe office and not to toesteapeotfuUypart of Mr. Edwin to CahfomJa toof Mrt,C.* resident of that_i*t the Board of Police Commissioners, to recover the value of s quantity of article* of Jewelry, Ax., estimate* at 8800, which were tailed in a pawnbroker* office oa suspicion of being stolen. The Court held that the de- fendants did aot justify the taking of the property under any process of law. and the jury rendered a verdict for plaintiff far amount claimed. The verdict waa subse- quently set aside by the Judge, it being against the weight of evidence.16ÑIn the Supreme Court, general term. Judge defendant, and allowed her $37$ 00 lor her claim for oa* Rooaeveit rendered a decision denying the motion for afor changing the tochange, MMiof trial, to granti**retobe " wool! be an Mw porter be romuaerated tor propertyÑAn notion was brought lathe Court of Common 14.i, before Judge Hilton, at the suit of Peter Hefleroan, In theSnperior Cjart before PtaM,the Board of Stat* Officers to the bank, Chief Justice Bos-worth decided that the plaintiff* were entitled to Judgment sury Department of the United States I have nowimmediately by a counter tha jury at the tame timeJed" that theiavby Judge Ingoraoll, ia Court, to tour month* imprJnon-of the company'¥ servants,recovered SMO in toe Suprem* Court, **vÑCtara i m a raceagaiaat the Uato* F*rry Company, for injonea receivedrvaaU- throochthecareteeaseaaof their aerraOrcuM, before Judge Gould and Ia^he Supreme Coort Circuit, before26.-ln consequence of rumors that the brig Virginia waa being fitted out aa a slayer, she was visaed py twolabor required to complete the investigations necessary tounravel the back *ocounta of thai department coanectedwith transactions previous to May, 1868, has materiallytotorferadWlth ttoI legitimate business initiated stone thattime. The principal difficulties of this character pertainto the bureau of street tonawvesaeMS, and_totos> itarsaaof Collection of Assessments For a full account of thebusiness of the first named bureau you *rereferredto to*] tion of the Hoard of the Central Park Ounisstolianin to Report of the Superintendent, transmitted herewith, and toe Legislature for power to create aad Issue stock to (haJudge Hogeboora, Cw 9300 damaged against thaBOABDO Fof the iS2.Ñfeault WM brought to the Martoe Court beforeJudge McCarthy, by Edward A. Sotbern (Lordi Daadreary)againat Laura Keene, for a breach of contract to failing toreproduce the play of "Oar American Otoato^MlaB K.l m d a ^ off elsJmlwr*MfÇ berthed Itw*J|provedthat the non production of the play was in consequence of¥-*¥" ¥ ¥¥\YORK HERALD, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1,plaintiff from that eatabushment. It appeared that Mr. confiscated to the government in the United States Disl/ict miuer to the General Sessions for trial.Court, before Judge IngersoB, because there were tea in- Peckham and aome frtenda had entered on UckeU for rc- decent stereoscopes contained therein. ^ .. _.... .L . .A case of diamonds, valued at $13,000, WM confiscated to the government before Judge Betts, in the United State* District Court, as being smuggled good*.assessments were found to a ¥wvrj discreditable conion the 1st of May, 1868( and it hat required greatpatient investigation and the good judgment of mearc expert to bookkeeping to prepare an intelligiblehibit of the actual state of many of the assessment rfound In the office. The business of the bureau is insatisfactory condition. The great mass of confuseddisordered assessment accounts inherited from Joseph R. partial manner in which he has discharged the duties of preaid-served teats dated for a previous night. TheCourtheld that the ticketa were only good for the night on which they were Issue*' and the jnry gave a verdictfor de-Judge Clerk*, M tha Supreme Court, granted a writ of la the caae of Felix Sancbea, convicted in the Ses-iof the murder of Hernv-n Onrnon.la.ÑJudge Roosevelt mad* an order hi the SupremeCourt, to the case1 of the People and Taylor and Brennan againat Salah M. Bogart and othert, rettraining the occu- pants of Washington Market from paying rents to the laaaliei heretofore appointed, and dissolving the injunc- tioa which restrained tha occupants from paying such ¥ ream to the Corporation of the city. _ ^19.ÑIn the Superior Court, Judge Woodruff entered an order In the long pending anit of Catharine N. Sinclair . /Torreet) againat Edwin Forrest, that the defendant par her alimony at tha rate of WO per month, and $1,500 towards counsel flea and expenses of references.St.ÑIn the Supreme Court, Judge Sutherland delivered an opinion to the Mae of tha State of New York against tha Metropolitan Oas Company, which appears to legalize the action of the Legislature to granting the charter to the company, and defeats tha old monopoly gas compa¥nles in their endeavors to prevent competition.27 Judge Sutherland, to the Supreme Court, decided to sustain the action of the Tax Csmunsstoners to refusing to deduct from tha assesament of the Bank of Commerce the rata for $108.000, which the bank had invested to22.ÑIn the Supreme Court, on motion of the DtttriotjAt- torney,the eateof James Shepherd, convicted of atBon, was remitted to the Conrt of Wwrtorta, a newtrial having been granted by the Court of Appeal*., never either saw or heard of the boy until these81.ÑA writ of prohibition waa granted by Judge Ingra-. A. B Parmalee, rep Henry EL Hull, rep William Wassoa, re*i-Jui i g toaSitae ai 'Mtsjtottm I right i[ posited I torical "È Librarowned H prior to 18*0 and hare not transferred it since and he was therefore entitled to a verdict. This decision that time. The injunction is continued against the otherstockholders, aad the directors of the company are en- is important to insolvent debtors.In the United States District Court, Judge Hall rendered a decision in the case of the bark Orion, recently beard before him, condemning that vessel as a slaver and con- fiscating her to the government.14ÑThere was a meeting of the New York bar held this day, to the United States District Court room, for tha purpose of giving expression to the sympathies if the pro- fession at the loss they and society bad sustained by the death of the Hon. Theodore Sedgwick, late United States Attorney for the southern district of New York. Eloquent addresses were delivered by Mr. David D. Field and the Hon. Judge Pierrepoint.a representative to Congress. Such an estimate placed upon >he position by the representative, and his constituents would be mutually advantageous and creditable to both. Within the past year great improvement* have been made in the several executive departments of the city govern- ment From causes, which it is not'necessary for me at thia time to mention, great abuse* were found to exist to some of them, and it waa only by a determination on the...<¥¥¥*¥*¥¥ ¥¥*! ¥ ¥*¥*¥¥¥*¥**The case of Ellery vs. Malherby to important to mar- cation of some court shall separate thegenuine issues from ried people. In thia caae the h us band it aned for thebusiness of this bureau to a very satisfactory manner.The different gas companies are now paid at the rates agreed upon by contracts which expired several yearssince. This whole subject has been repeatedly broughtthe atoMtto* of your honorable bodies, aad to againferred to to the very fun report of the Superintendeherewith transmitted and marked appendix H. 1 ficoncur to all the recommendation* contained abeiVouchers to the amount of one hundred and thirtythousand and twenty-one dollars aad ninety-nine comhave been received from this Dureaa during thequarter, and four hundred and eighteen thousand eighthundred and seventy-three dollars and eighteen cents for inaugurated; and tin* Board of Aldermen have the gratifi-the year , leaving a balanoe unexpended o f seventy-seven cation of knowing they were largely instrumental inthousand five hundred and seven dollars ana twenty-five, placing the several executive departments of the city 29ÑPeter P. Murphy cents*. ã government to better working order, by placing compe-BTTRBAtT OF LANDS AND PLACES.. tent men at their heads, than they were ever known to beThe Superintendent of Lands and Place* has kept the since their organization ia 1849. Continue to the goodpublic parks in good condition at * moderate expense, has work, and you will elevate still higher the character of done much towa d toe completion of Tompkins square, this Board, and find your reward to aa approving con-and has managed the business of his bureau creditably. science and the gratitude of your constituents. Gentle-joined from declaring any future dividend till the adjudi-the fraudulent ones.IXÑMr. itsMih iiiim applied for an injunction on the part of Brodie and others against the Eighth and Ninth avenue " ,ta teatrato the defendants from laying an adw- | on the southerly side of Canal street, west ofpart of the member* or She Beard to confirm the noraina tions of men of integrity and ability made by his Honor the Mayor, for the heads of several departments, and the election of- aa experienced and competent head of the Finance Department, that a different order of .things waa28ÑPerrin H McGraw14ÑLyman Truman...' 26ÑAlexander B. W i l l i a m s . . . . . . . 26ÑThomas H. Hillhoos* 87ÑSamuel H. Hammnad 28ÑEphraim G o e s . . . . . . .iiÑ8.Ñto iho Snort, DM Court, general term, the ease of the $.Ñlathe {teprtwof theMary torJ h epurposeofbeingtriedb yto the Clerkk^rs*iato*!ou^^to the aggregate to six hundred ard ten thousand Six hon- dred and one dollars 24 100. It baa heretofore beentoe* the whole s> stem of accounts,M l butlBiM trsneacttaM of this 4opon that of the bureau of construction uaoer the Trea-¥stoat xsatoMpets recaM a ^ n T R h T l r o a d Company for injury dona to to* new trial to the case ofJtanchea.^rfc^of ttm itturder week's rent .. . _!* _. . . ing all the details of every transaction. The immenseAS ORGANIZED FOB 1859-COMPLIMENTS AROUNDÑTHE PRESIDINTB ADDRESS, ETC., ETC.in the BODdelivery of a Iwary elaborate opinion of Beateyvvtoally dectdteg that the oU polioa should 1 ment for the plstobWfor Ml amount daiawd.a the caae of the Fire insurance uato*i attorney of record. JULY.8 - A a action was tried before Judge McCarthy in the at tha anit of Peckham againat Theodore of Wslleck'e theatre, for ejecting thaof hia father in law in January***, by atabbing with a sword Ç*ftt through the lungs, in Sullivan street.18.ÑVerdicts of confiscation were taken by the govern- ment to the United States District Court against several,*tathe*Oourt of Common Pleas, before Judge Daly, an actio* was brought by Deborah B. Measeroe, as assigneefor merchandise *>ld and delivered by Haxen to defend- torn to queen the returns or strike out portions of it. TheWilliam Muchl was arrested, when about to leave on a Wm Hutchins waa committed by Commissioner Belts steamer for Havre, on a charge of Stealing letters fromResolved, Tbattbe thanks of Una Board be tendered te McSpeden, EÇq., for the rt rv able, dignifled, oourteoion a charge of illegally taking letters from the Postoffice, directed to Wtoalow i Co., in who** employ he had beenP1In the United State* Matrict Court, before Judge Betts, there waa another wholesale confticaUan of indecent stereoscope* which were attempted to be imported.the Post Office, containing drafts for various suns. He WM committed for trial by United States CommissionerTaylor and his deputies hsvo, without an exception, bee* formally closed and returned according to law to the bu- reau of arrears. Stoce the 80th of September there barf been collected to this bureau and paid to the City Chai berlato, $2M,¡46\ Returned to the Bureau of Ar; $28,605 60. Sinctf January 1 there have been colld and paid to the City Chamberlain, $1,698,630 76.fr-g officer of this Beard during the last year, and that be carries withtornin hi* retirement from public office thewbhesof hi* fellow members for his futu** prosperity hapetaeas.Unanimously adopted.Tb* PRssmsNT OFTHK BOARDthen addressedXhis asso- ciate members as follows:ÑGentlemen of the ^Board of AldermenÑTon have Just added another to the many ob ligations I am already under to you. The kindness mini -wick was a little over twenty-two years old he was atwhich were attempted to be smuggled by a passenger on tooned to the Legation of Hon. Edward Livingston, at board the Fulton, on her last voyage from Havre to Newof the collectorÑappendix marked D.BUREAU" OF WHARVES.The Superintendent of wharves reports in full uponties of friendship happily existing between us. That the compliment just paid me is or has been deserved, none other than yourselves are so well qualified toJudge. Dur- ing the time I have had the honor to preside over the de- liberations of the Board of Aldermen, I have endeavored to discharge the duties incident to the position with an eye single to the efficient performance of the duties of theY ork.The Grand Jury of the Court of Oyer aad Terminer ren-dered, amongst othert, twenty-one bills of indictment against young Lane, the Fulton Bank defaulter.Paris. He subsequently practised law at the New York bar up to about 1860, when be substantially retired on ac- count of ill-health, uutil he was appointed by President Buchanan, to January, 1858, as the successor of Hon.the business of his bureau. He has tendered his resign*Hon (which I have accepted, to take effect this day,) pro-vious to taking his seat as Senator in the Legislature ofthis State. The affairs of this bureau are in good condi- Board,and have also endeavored to be governs i by the tion. Mr. Kelly has discharged the duties of his office to strictest Impartiality. If I have succeeded, and ypur my entire satisfaction, and the city, by his resignation, complimentary resolution leads me to hope that I have,' loses the services of a thoroughly competent and efficient my desire has been accomplished. and none can feel more officer. No new appropriation was asked for this bureau gratification than myself. By your own free will I was87.ÑThe Grand Jury of the Court of Oyer and Terminerrendered a bill of indictment against Police Sergeant John McKeon in the office of Untted^States Attorney for Twaddle for perjury, he having sworn on the motion for this district. His health, however, was so impaired thatthe new trial in the case of Quimbo Appo that he accom- panied the District Attorney and one of his assistants, Mr. Doyle, to the house of Mrs. Fletcher, wbere they Interro- gated two children as to the nature of an oath} that they found them ignorant, and that Mr. Doyle called on a cler- gyman of St James' to instruct them- This toe Districthe had been unable to attend to/business, and toe affairs of the office nave been conducted7by his anslatsiila, Messrs. Hunt and Dwlght. The courts adjourned to-day, hi respect to tba memory of tl te deceased.to the case of PenisUrn vs. Gilmartln, an action for theTor the present year, uie unexpended balance remaining elevated to the position of presiding officer of this honor-on hand on the 1st of January, tost, amounting able BoardÑa position, to my opinion, that should be so- to $167,578 07, being to the opinion of the Superin-United State* stocks. This It important to taxpayers as Attorney and bis assistant asserted was untrue, and ac- charter of a vessel from this port to Grey town and.packtendent sufficient for all necessary purposes. Vouchers licited by no memberÑbut when voluntarily tendered by to the amount of $82,080 89 have been received bis associates, should be held in the highest estimation bvto New York, tried before Judge Slosson, the jury rcnuered a verdictIbr plaintiff for $1,600.10.ÑDoctor Gnstov Shilling was arrested by Deputy United States Marshal Thompson, by virtue of a warrant of extradition, under the treaty with the kingdom of Wurtemburg, on a charge of forgery committed in that country to 1850 and '67. Pending the examination; before the Commissioner, the Doctor managed to escape, and has not since been heard of.Captain J. Egbert Faruham was arretted by Marshals Rynders and De Angelis on a warrant toned frota Georgia, charging him with being engaged to the Slav* trade, on board the yacht Wanderer. The Captain was, by an order of Judge Betts, remitted to the authorities in Savannah.12.ÑBy the report ofjthe referee, to the Forrest ilvorce case, Mr. Forrest is adjudged to pay the plaintiff, C. N. Forrest, the sum bf $4,000 per annum from the time of the commencement of the suit in 1850-Jbhn Charles Macaboy was committed by the United i were instituted. The writ waa therefore dia- ham, to the Supreme Court, to prevent the Oyer and Ter- States authorities on a charge of attempting to burn athe recipient, andshoull be regarded as an evidence*w the confidence reposed to him by bis associates in the Bosrd. I have at all times and under all oircumstancef so regarded it. Gentlemen, I feel grateful for the "well as the banks.AUOC8T.11.ÑA suit waa commenced in the Supreme Court byMr. A Van Cottar againat the Corporation, to recover the lof $126,3*6 71 Tor the value of land on Ward's Islandby him to the city.investigation into the case of the Rev. Dr.j, R. C, who was charged with abducting a boy Hsggart*, for the purpose of proselytising him, waa commenced before Judge Ingraham, to the Supreme Court, on a writ of habeas corpus, and continued for aeve- ral days. B became evident, however, that the mother OftheisJaJaj bey was laboring urider hallucinations, and tha testimony clearly showed that the reverend defen-IOr. C honorably aoquiUed of any knowledge80?ÑThe Superior Court, general term, Justices Bos- worth Md Stetson on the bench, affirmed the order made by Judge Woodruff at special term, granting Catharine N. Forrest temporary alimony and denying the application tor a oommisaion to take testimony to California relative to Mr*. Forrest* reputation. ¥*SBRBMBEB. "-8.ÑIn the Supreme Court, Judge Ingraham rendered adecMoa in the case of John A. Underwood against the New Haven Railroad Company, to which an application waa made to enjoto the company from paying a dividend, re- cently declared, until it shall have been ascertained whoare the genuine stockholders entitled to such dividend. The Judge holds that there to no good reason to restrain the disbursement upon stock now held by persons whocordingly preferred a charge of perjury againat Mr. twad- dle. He gave bail to the amount off $2,000.In the Superior Court, before Judge Slosson, an action was tried at the suit of Barney against the President of >ells 4 Fargo* Express Co. to recover $3,900 and interest thereon, the amount of a draft bought by the plaintiff of Wells, Fargo k Co., at San Francisco, on the 18th day of March, I860, payable at Boston, which draft was lost by the plaintiff during the riot at Panama to April, 1858. Verdlet for plaintiff, with interest, $4,000.28ÑIn the United States District Court, before Judge . Betta, a case containing jewelry, marked A. Taconet, was confiscated to the government as having bean attemptedto be smuggled.John Cowan, who was charged with fit* murd r of ashipmate, named Anderson, on board the DeWltt Canton, on her voyage from Liverpool to New York, was, in the absence of malice, convicted of manslaughter.from this bureau during the last quarter, and for$148, 707 17 during the year; leaving a balance of $19,045 90, againat which no vouchers have been certified ; existing contracts will, however, when completed, require for their paytoent the whole of this amount For details see Report of Superintendent, appendix marked K.BCRKAtT OF REP AIB8 AND SUPPLIES. The batta ist of this bureau has been very well ooodand the book accounts, A c , of the office exhibit aexphcH view of i a transactions. The general appifor thia bureau, including the unexpended balancewas $214,066 19. Vouchers to the amount of $151drawn against this appropriation have been received during the tost quarter, and for one hundred and thirty- five thousand three hundred and forty-four dollars and sixty-nine cents for the year, leaving a balance on hand or sixty eight thousand three hundred and forty-five dol- lars end twenty-five cents. For details see report off Superintendent, appendix marked F .Secretary of State. Comptroller Treasurer.Attorney General State Ing. and Surv'r. Canal Commissioners.miner from granting to the convict Quimbo Appo, or hi* counsel, the power of applying for a new trial.to the United States District Court, Judge Betts sen- tenced John Cowan, convicted of manslaughter on the high teas, to three years imprisonment.whaler on the high seas.13.ÑThe ease of James Stephens, convicted of poison-ing his wife, was brought up to the Supreme Court, ge- neral term. The court room waa densely crewiad by the friends of the prisoner and other spectators. Counsel for Stephens moved to remit the caae to the Oyer and Termi- ner, with the view of applying in that court for a new trial, on the ground that evidence had been brought toDEPUTY SUPERINTENDENT OF REP AIRS AND SUPPLIES.The Deputy Superintendent of Repairs and Supplies is control whatever. A proper understanding of the legaliIn the case of Hortoman ft Co. againat the City Fire In-surance Company, for damages done the plaintiff* goodsto Maiden lane, by smoke from a fire which occurred inan adjacent building, the jury rendered a verdict for light of a character highly favorable to the prisoner. To piaintiffe for $398. The trial lasted two weeks, and plain- sustain the motion, an affidavit of the Janitor of the Medi-The duties of this office are onerous, vexatious andcult to systematize. Much has been done, however, towards regulating this important branch of the public bu-siness. For particulars see bis report, appendix mark- ternary, almost fashionable, for them to traduce and ma-eai NeFcr wnicaliber 160thtemp then a net. ¥eiee Brya ted ief N< davt Yorl kava Libei stra*Thesoai Let lawi pair aboleft stot GovO Gov wm ton Pettotsuioat¥4P jaa ¥toBM wil ¥wÈa m / c u1 th, 'efsustl a*tiff* churned $8,000, and had fourteen other suits pending against various companies for $8,000 each.NOVKMBKR.1 ÑIn the case of .Setting vs. Paul, which was an actionon a promissory note\ the defendants discharge under toe two thirds act was aatNoO M a defence. Judge Roosevelt held that the discharge was void, inasmuch a* that the legal notice was not served on the plaintiff u a creditor,cs* College where the stomach and Intestines af the de-ceased wife were analyzed-, was read. The Court, how- thousand five hundred and fifty-seven dollars and fiftyjtebt of his wife; and tha question is, can such s suit, under the circumstances proved on the trial, as the law now stands be sustained against him; it appear* that hit wife has, at present, no property out of which a Judg- ment can be collected. Madame Malher be and her hus-,r, for the use of the Ninth Avenue Bailroad Compaay. Mr. Bfcnkman vepreaented various property own band, although living together, carried on business, as Werner, sentenced to six months imprisonment for keep- era and atorekeeper* in tha vicinity, who claim that the was shown, for many years in their separate names, and ing a disorderly house, was denied by Judge Ctorke. laying of an additional track will obstruct the carriage 16ÑThe trial of the Adams express embezzlement way and injure their business. Temporary injunction to different place*. About four years ago his establish- caae, to the United State* Circuit Court, before Judgement was diacoattoued. Since then all the purchase* IUgersoll, was terminated to (toy by the' company ob tatotog a verdict for $50,000 and interest against Nathan dramatic reader, procured from Judge Davie*, of the have been made in the name of the wife, and among them Maroney, their former agent at Montgomery, Ala. The tjtnastaa Court, a writ of habeas corpus for the recovery the purchases on which this suit it founded. The plain- evidence produced by the company was such as to induce of the custody of his daughter. The father* name is tiff* assignors, Phelps * Co., not only charged the goods the defendant* counsel to abandon the case, after con- i a Wi8tea,sn*b*ia a poliM officer of Cincinnati. to her individually, but took her individual notes, giving sultation with their clients, and submit to the above30ÑDavid H. Abell 31ÑErastasS. Prosser* 32ÑWalter L. Sessions¥Nominated also by the American*. A88KMBLT., }BspubfRepubl ....Bepnbl1*.ÑThe faaier of "Little Ella Bums," the precociousThere is no regular clerk allowed to this bureau. There of considerable totetest to Shipowners waa for them a receipt as to full of the accounts; that Mal- verdict. | " ' have been received from'the Superintendent voucheremen, our tabors for the year are about terminating; tb*table it entirely cleared of all public business, and oursuccessors can begin their labors under the most favorableauspices. With the close of the year the official relationsexisting between us will terminate, some of our preaonl 4ÑLorento D. Collins.. Rep. 17-Wuham Harm....'i United State* fJreutt Court by Judge Nel herbe approved of these purchases Judge Roosevelt held 16.ÑThe Supreme Conrt of Columbia county issued an suit on a bottomry bond for $94100, exe thai the suit againat the defendant mutt be dismissed. injunction by which the sale of the ferry leases now held ' Orleans, and covering the vessel, cargo and 2.Ñin the MMof the Beekman Fir* Insurance Company by the Union Ferry Company, which WMto take place to-' tha bark Yuba. Payment waa resisted for rea- vs. the First Method1st Episcopal church, Judge Suther- day, has been stopped.amounting to eight thousand six hundred aad four doUaro and twenty-three cents during toe last quarter, and to twenty thousand and five dollars and ninety cents during the yearÑleaving a£alance unexpended of eight thou- sand six hundred and sixty-four dollars and eight cent*. For morn complete information see report of Superinten dent, appendix marked I. ItBUREAU OF THS CHIEF ENGINEER OF TBI FIRE DE- PARTMENT.1ÑJohn I. Singerland. Rep. 14-The. B. Voorhies.. 2ÑStephen MerseHs,Jr.Rep. 15ÑGeo. W. Varian. 8ÑSemi. W. Gfbbs Dam. 16ÑHenry ArcularinsJ1. the coort below having allowed the BbeDant land says:ÑI am of opinion that, under the circumstanceslvÑThe Forrest divorce case was up before Judge Woodruff in the Superior Court, upon an application for time to make a bill or exceptions to the referee's report,AUjauAior.1ÑWm. M. Smith.... .Rep. OÑDarwin % Mason.. .Rep.Rep. 1ÑJames McQoade. 2ÑBenjamin Alien... ance in the discharge of our public duties, and you will 1ÑUlysses P. Crane.. .Rep. SÑThomas Evans ..w, he appealed to this court and recovered theount, except 8192 paid the Captain of the Tub*. la an anttontor slander and false imprisonment, broughtof the caae, the plaintiffs having an absolute assignment of the whole mortgage, that the purchase of the claim by them must be considered as an investment on bend andSalification, while on the other, it will be a source of inite regret, to being separated from gentlemen whom Ihave learned to love aad esteem. Gentlemen, you have 1ÑHenry Mather1ÑTho* T. Fiagb*.. SÑBurt Van Hopu.. ¥i tha Marine Court by Carrie Creech againat Ellen Mc- mortgage. They bought the claim and took the assign- and notice of a cross cause for increased alimony and ani the Jury rendered n verdict for $-200 to favor ofttiff. ¥ e plaintiff.ibefore Judge Potter, of Saratoga county, againat a rofgentlemenwhoresolvedthemselvesintoavi- i MMastta* to Hudson, Columbia county, and tarredappropriation for counsel fees.An action was brought to the Marine Court, before This bureau is under, the Street Commissioner so fairray sincere thanks for your kind co operation and assist- CATTAKAUGLS.ment, supposing that the payment of it Was secured by the mortgage assigned to them by the church.S.ÑAmongst the indictments found by the Grand Jury the Second avenue Bailroad Companv, to recover da-MowesS, was commenced in the Supreme Court of the Court of Oyer and Terminer to-day, was one against mages for injuries received by plaintiff* daughter. It apparatus are concerned. There has been some difficulty!-The trial of an action at the suit of a colored man MLÑThatJudge McCarthy, at the suit of Frederika Vorath, againstonly as expenditures for repairs and construction' of fireplease accept my best wishes for your future prosperity and happiness. I cannot close without an allusion to our venerable clerk David T. Valentine, Esq , and his assist- ants.Tohimandthemweowemuch;1shallneverforget2ÑJames M. Smith... .Rep. CAYl-OA. 1ÑWm.Wr. Payne..., Rep. 2ÑAllenD.Morgan...Rep. c&AOTArqcA:*ÑGeorge Williams. OaWWOAOA.1ÑJeremiah ] 2-Austin Myres., 3ÑPhiletus Clark..1Ñliewit Peck..... 2ÑShotwell Powell.OBAVOa. 1ÑPMer C. Regan..2 - a . R. GadweU....0M onasAss. 1ÑAbelSnnwn Is*:, Ñ . , aaftotae* Stale*, to Ç theUaiiedState*CircuitMcCabe, for an assault on Mr. Thomson, editor of the appeared, however, that the child was of tender years,Daily Nam. andpermittedtogooutalone. TheCourtgranteda The United State* Marshal and his deputies, Lorenzo motion made by the defendants for a nonsuit.on account of the appropriation being exhausted; but the!*^tor M7.CM aMrtthcosts. i .Inaa action before Judge Moncrieff to the Superior Court, Kimbalt fe Van Tuyl recovered $2,00$ damagesthat during iff* year and a half this systemadopted nototog ha* cocurred to lessen my confldauce to Its merit*. Not only is the system fn Itself correct aad weUadapted to the varied and important business of this department, bot it has been carried out in most cases by toaemcers under me with seal, intelligence sad industry Tnedcparlmentia at present to as good condition as it can well be, while laboring under the legal dMRculttee heretofore noted, but not yet corrected; nothing lee* than their removal can insure its working with perfect satis faction, whibt it is admitted Out no Bystem of papers and accounts will prevent fraud. The system adopted will pre- serve to different offices such complete iwoord of^sll busi- ness that there will be no difficulty to fully understand-against the Hamilton Insurance Company for damage* 1doaotueir machinery to Cherry atreet, to Jf^SFi ****objections of the plaintiff, and the Jnry M r * a verdict forALDKRsffiN. TBS LAST MSanNO OF TBI BOAJB OFDeputy United States Msssbals, for the put-pot*] rough tovestigatto*. No todications ofintended tor the slave trade wereconsisting of wagons. IithoThe Board met at three o'clock P. M yesterdayÑPresi- dent McSpedon in the Chair.26.ÑJudge Ingraham rendered hit9.ÑHon Theodore Sedgwick, United States Attorney for the Southern district or New York, died at his country residence, Stockbridjge, Mass.', on Thursday night at about26.ÑAn extensive seizure of diamonds was mad* byMessrs. Brown and Isaacs, Custom House officers, from apassenger on board the Ocean Queen, which arrived at twelve o'clock. Mr. Sedgwick, who had been tor several ed to the Bureau of Arrears, $467,422 68. Balance Jam this port on Mouisy night. The goods are valued atsomething between $8,000 and $10,000. The tame vigilantofficers seised about $8,000 worth of watch movements,and reathered the plaintiff, on tha grounds of undue toti- De Angelis and Miller, seised the brig J. P. Hooper at pier aaÑIn the Common Pleas, before Judge Brady, James Total expenditures for the year, seventy-three thousand without expressing my best wishes for their future welfare. 1ÑEbeneserG. Cook. .Rep.wtth a young lady of that city,i Cowan, one of the crew of the America a snip De talon, was committed for' examination on a chargeof atabbtof and causing tha death of a shipmate on board the vessel on befjast voyage from Liverpool to this pwt LÑThe brig Henry waa libelled in the United State*Met Court, for having been, fitted out a* a slaver.To our venerable friend and clerk, David T. Valentine, Esq , particularly, we owe more than men are generally willing to acknowledge. With regard to the taw* govern- ing and applicable to the city government, be is in himself a complete law library, and on parliamentary rules a manuel, whose pages are always open as a guide to theciAvroa.}under the superintendence of Mr. John Nesblt £. short the city. To the reporter* I feel under many obligations 1ÑHenry McFadden.. .*tep.No. 44 East river, on suspicion of being a slaver.y a.Ñ]n the Common Pleas, before Judge Brady aad s jury, Andrew Stevens obtained $3,000 damage* against the New York Consolidated Stage Company for injuries to him, caused by the defendant* servants.The Shoe and Leather Bank sued Daniel Barker to thaSupreme Court, on three'endorsement* for $l,O0O. TheMcCunn recovered $8,000 damages against the U r i ^ i ^ r Gas Company for injury done to his property to conse- quence of an excavation.21.ÑA motion WMmade in the Supreme Coart, before Judge Clerk*, to admit, to bail (pending appeal) John D. Pfromer, convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to two years imprisonment. Motion was denied.one hundred and seventy-nine dollars anl fifty eight cents, of which five thousand one hundred and one dol- lars and seventy-two cents were defrayed from contin- gencies of Street Department ,2-liiram Smith, Çd.. .Rep.1ÑLucius Robinson .. .Rep. _' CBBXASOO.1ÑSamuel L Beebe.. .Rep. 2ÑJoseph Bush Rep.John Otwnn waa committed by Commissioner defence was a discharge under the two third act, but ittime previously it was intimated to me that there was an i ahto Da Witt Clinton, on her voyage from Liver- State paper, Judge Mullen ordered judgment in favor of for the third time to execution for poisoning his wife, tho important difference between the amount of material of ator manslaughter committed on board the appearing that the usual notice w a s not nerved In thel to tha port.' - l a the Supreme Conrt, Judge Potter, of Saratoga r, delivered a very Important charge to the jury to iof Mowers (the colored man) against a Vigilance iof Hudson, Columbia county, for an assault and r.bytarrtogandfeatheringhimforanallegedillegal offence against a young white girl The case, as the Judge tar*, slavery novel one, and the opinion of the Court as to how far parties are liable tor such offence, and his re- mark* on ¥' mo* law," were very interesting. The juryhalf past eleven o'clock A. M., and being after twenty-four hours deliberation, wereOCTOBER.Supreme Court, to the M M of- the, controversy, a verdict adverse i city was rendered. The Jury, more-> value of the prem tea during the year taad Taylor held a lease from the Stateof little Bin Burns, which has been before Court tor some days past, hasallowance.This is important to insolvent debtors10.ÑThe Suprme Court, General Term, Judge* Roose-velt, Ingraham and Sutherland presiding, have granted the writ of prohibitiob in the caae of Quimbo Appo, deciding thattheCourtofOyerandTerminerhasnofighttogrant a new trial at any term subsequent to the one at which a prisoner is tried. The District Attorney applied to the Governor for a stay of execution, that the matter may be argued at the Court of Appeals, and received a despatch from the Governor respiting the execution of Appo until the 24th of February next11 .ÑThe bark Emily was seized on the coast of Africa as a suspected slaver, and brought to New York. The captain (Wm. Lindsay), the two passengers and nine of tbp crew were handed over to the custody of the United State* Marshal, and fully committed. The Emily sailed trom this port during the latter end of June last for Lo- asgo12 ÑIn the Common Pleas, before Judge Brady, James M. Sheefaan, a lawyer, recovered $750 damages agamst Wm. Curry for slander.14ÑIn the case of Patrick Murphy (one of toe old po bee) against the Board of Police Commissioners, Judgeamount charged for to hia vouchers; whereupon I imme-diately declined to- draw further requisitions upon theComptroller for payment of his certified vouchers, and with them my best wishes.A resolution was offered by Alderman BRADY, returningthanks to David T. Valentine, Esq , the able asH efficientclerk,forthecourtesyandabilitywith whichhehasdis- 2-SantuelA.Lawf...Rep. 1ÑEdwinA.Pelton,.. charged bis duties, also to Messrs Tuomey, Meyers, Drnstaas.Woodruff and the other clerks, and the Sergeant-at-arms, 1ÑAbijah W. Palmer.. Bep. , 1ÑStephen Taber.... for their efficiency. Alderman Brady bore testimony to 2ÑR J. Garrsttscn.. .Pern. 2ÑJohnPotUtthe ability of Mr. Valentine, and also approving of theselection be had made to having those obliging gentlemenfor his assistants. Unanimously adopted.1-Tbeo. GV< \1ÑPeter & Yeury .1ÑJohn Fulton. 2-Jndlah EUBworth." ¥$22.ÑIn the case of James Stephens, already sentencedthe bank for thes full amount, with five per eent a ~ ¥M Supreme Court, general term, on motion of his counsel, certain kind actually furnished for road covering and theThe fair and impartial reports of the proceeding* and de- (COLTMBIA.bates has added much to the character of the Board, and 1ÑPeter McArthur.... Rep. 2ÑWilliam H Carter. I beseech our successors to render them every facility and 2ÑP. R Van AkHyn*..Rep. 8ÑRobert S. Kelsey.. aid in the discharge of their arduous duties. They bear¥aid:ÑThe relator is entitled to your verdict on the se- cond plea,whichis,thathewasdischargingthedutiesor patrolman at the ume the new Police Commissioners came into office, and that the respondents are entitled to your verdict on the first issue, by which the plaintitr allegesroan a juance of tha Supreme-' ¥that he was "duly appototel" to thai office. The Judge raftuwa to rule Ifeat the relator waa entitled to damages. la, Judge Ingraham denied a motion for an injunction made upon the part of the people to restrain the Mayor, fen, from passing any resolution directing the Croton apartment to give the contract tor building MS*fendaqueductfor thenewreservoirtofey to* filento of the child.Mi* boardingachool,undertheguardianmm* and J. S. Thayer; ah* to to take the of bar father, WhMan, and at aot to exhibit inIn the Court of Oyer to the dofeaee to. and of the one-third Cuned States, aad Ç*¥ the earnOoeaa Bird, the legal tM*rd PoOloa (held as security aaof C k R . poillan). at the MBaer *al* TMÇMÈ veesetau n a ' strum*.*7M, " a oa the Mb of December, Coast^_>___¥B^BBw|^t_^^|Ats**iaMniSÇ8l ¥*' -."*Ç; i r i ;for plaintiff, and theAfter tbe adoption of the usual resolutions ot thanks toa a d j È ^ , tttet attnougbl a^pJvWBpaMPaj*^ S M Itorlar* were on trust accountbv assessment UDthe priatioa for the year I860 for the Street 1forbytheftoe CoototroUer'J^wn t o each appropriation and i,^H;and for full detail* as to l to ewh obiect and purpose, and forM tb* Collector ofnt paid by that officer to the UntOtytoaettorgeofd*-I'^asjpa* wt> wtuSM tsValleged to the paper* ia the' underrated the value of the (ood* to tbeasaauat ofati* allegationsrecovered wmill aot exceed retuwMi t*>* bail to> j-MUiy m ooabto thMlH-^to the Oyer aadJudge RooMveh, on aMr HAHisncon^Mtoedthatbebad directed tb*; vtoar* to advertie* their meetings to Ire leading paper*intbecity,aadthat they carriedoutthetestiuc tarns by advwtisteg la oa* p a w aad aot la"Bve. Thai1subject ¥trapped, aad tbe Board then adjourned for theyear .Dur>iig tbe past year tbe nnm<aiÇMoÇera have held tftySheKissam and others, on a replevin suit for the value of four railwaycars.80.ÑJu,ige Roosevelt accepted tb* appointment of United States District Attorney, and will be sworn in on the first Tuesday to January.THE STREET DEPAE'laaltto. CoMwasioOT'sOf*cs,}present Superintendent is by profession both engineer aad lawyer,andhashadlargeexperienceonroadsandcanals He was,at the Ume of bis appointment, a segularly con- firmed City Surveyor, and bad held the office for more than È year. He was, moreover, personally well knownto me to be well qualified in aU respects for the position he now holds. *Vouchers to the amount of nineteen thousand three hun- dred and seventy nine dollars and thirty-six cents bar* been drawn on toe varioua appropriations appertaining to the bureau during the last quarter, and to seventy one thousandtwohundredaadtwentytwodollar*aadseventy one cents during the year. jfl~'ofc!irÇ2*w1th *** ..Judge BÈUwhich It would have beeoccurred te the various brancho* ofaa allowance of $100.Stilwell, after =,(colored) far trial, onaeharge at Frank Green, second mate of tha barksalt tor old Indian property in the United State* arcuit William Snelling and othersFargo, William* and Mh>rs defend to tost the title to a valuable let ofouae, a grata o'evator of the defendant fhe to the'Northere District of this State, it wa* brought tothUcity to to* amount of over two.Rep.PaVeeSergeant. . . jt-_ueparuaeat ror their veryflmandamus had been granted for the defendant* to showwas in no way eonaected with the transaction, it being the cause why they should not pass the sum (nearly $$00,000) marked appendix C. During the tost flaartor J o u c W annual interest or $150,000. Laid over.ant's wife, t h e defence set up was that the defendantlÇWiath*o*v*of t^UtotodStotoitgaintoasiaMLextension of the Capitol ouildtoM,w*swreM3d^rJe|m United States Marshal Thompson, of this district, and taken to Washington. .In the Common Fit**. *fcr* M È J ^ J t o j m r y u the case of orris M. Judd, one of the revisers of the Scrip turetofthe Bible Union, vs. James Edmunds, Secretary of the American Bible Union, for libel, brought to a ver-and during the year to the amount of two hundred and seventy two thousand nine hundred sad five 80-100 dol- lars; of which two hundred and l*Wy*toth*SMtodnrW hundred snd eigbty-oneN59-100 doQarswer* Ç trust, *C| count, and twenty six thousand three hundred and twen- ty-four 8M00 dollars on tax account.I shall take an early occasion to request your hoaori bodies to recommend to the Legislature of the State passage of an act which will enable Uiis department to tie and close up certain outstanding accounts upon old, formal and illegal contracts for street improvements.C0LLBCT10N OF AS8KSSMKNTS.The accounts and business of the bureau of collection iservices (as already reported) was coaoerrcd to.A great deal of routine business WM transacted, aftertected with tb* Common Council for four years, and it had fallen to hisotto be always to toe minority. Though somewhat p judioed against the present President at first, hafree to admit that be had never experiencedgreater ¥InitoM* or more fair rulingsÑandfrom a presiding officer of opposite poHttcalonce voted for a dataocratte rYtshletJ to ~and then he was deceived; but for the PrMlitoMof Board he did not vote; vet, from the rulings and theduct of the PretUent (McSpedon), he would say that bad wsbearty musks; be had been treated with courtesy and kindness on all occasions, aad "he bagged tohim his hearty thanks for his prosperity and ItofSJiMM. He therefore proposed the following resolution :Ñ, be., againat the Ex- containing Jewelry, watches, he., to the amount of $3,000WHAT THEY HAVE GOT k M TariOBJ r^MeiUtimg Projectsk^.temtpUttOM ty t*rÇ"t*s**nwÇw,,>>'>>Ç^^w*a*ÇMr-^^*tfa**f ** 0i >3spectsof iteAmendmentstofe(j*. station Anowing Negroes toftot.NULLIFICATIONOFTUBFUGITITE IJ- * * " ¥ * * * * ^ ^ ~ ")ri~rn_cu~*u~u~i_qRAILROADS IN THE CITY OF *£HM - Canals and Railroads, aad tkeir lullthf Prosperityd!tbePeople,&0i &C., fai,With the new rear come Into office tb* ofneM *¥%, State government elected tost November, ant 8*** members of the Senate and Assembly will takeat the openingot the Legislature on Tuesday.Is a list of all tho members of the Statein office, also a complete list of the names Of both houses of the Legislature ÑSTATS OFFICXsBS. Governor.. Edwm D. Morgan, restlieutenant Governor....Robert Campbell, ret.of New Tats, Judge aad^noniy about $800, tried before Judge IngeraoU, thefavor of the power of tbejury rendered * verdict confiscating the Jewelry and watchra, but directing that the money be returned to the20 ÑAntonio Grlllo was convicted to the United States District Court of passing counterfeit money to Brooklyn, but on bit way to prison he managed to effect his escapeand has not since been heard of.A valuable package of mathematical instruments wasdict of $2,000 in favor of the plaintiff. DECEMBER., |2.ÑThe case of William H. Lane, charged with fraud* on the Fulton Bank, WM remitted from the Oyer and Ter-months past declining to health, was, at the ttantoof his ary 1, I860, $688,369 74. And there now remain todemise, to to 48th year of hia age. When M l Sedg-collector's hands for collection assessments amounting to tested to the resolution just/passed is of a chaxacter^qalcu- .. . dollars. For more particular account ;*ee repom lated to gladden the heart and to cement more closelytheever, after deliberating, decided that they could only exe- cute the mandate of the Court of Appeals; whereupon, after a brief address. Judge Roosevelt sentenced the cul- prit to be hanged on the 3d of February. This 1* the. third time that sentence has been passed upon Stephens forcents to all have been drawn on during the last quarto various appropriations, many of them not appertaining e clusively to this department, and one hundred aad foi two thousand six hundred and forty-three dollars sixty-three cento during the year.*¥¥¥!..the murder of his wife. Governor.He can now appeal only to the10ÑJoshua Fiero. Jr.*..11ÑJohn H. Ketcham... 11ÑVolneyRichmond*,¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*¥¥¥ ¥I ISÑAndrew J. Colvia...14ÑJoseph H. Ramsay..16ÑIsaiah Blood16ÑNathan Lapham17ÑCharlesC Montgomery18ÑJames A. Bell19ÑWilliam H. Ferry20ÑFrancis M. Rotch91ÑAndrews. WarnerA motion in the Supreme Conrt to admit to bail Georgedirected that the facts of the motion to file additional affi- davits, aad the denial of the same, be entered on the re- cords. This will entitle the prisoner to aa appeal.to the Supreme Court, Circuit, Edward Hughes re-covered $8,000damages against Michael J. Green, a con-tractor,forcausingthedeathof his daughter,aged ton bit*resignation. Thedetailsinregardtothe matter,soyears, by blasting rocks at the corner of Fifty-second far as known at that time, were laid before his Honor the Mayor, ana a statement to writing made to the DistrictCOKTlAJfD.1ÑJohn A. McVesst.. .Rep. 1ÑExra R Whipple..street Attorney, a copy of which is herewith transmitted. See 24.ÑThe case of Dion Bourcicault, the dramatic author appendix K. Since that time, by my direction, measuresand actor, against Mr. Held*, Public Administrator, and Mr. Stuart, lessee of the Winter Garden theatre, for an to-' junction to restrain the defendant* from performing thehave been taken by which I hoped to have arrived at all the facts in the case. The result of these tofestigations, which were but recently completed, will be found to state-l-oriando Alien* Am. 1ÑThomas Coiemai'11charged with the furnishing of supplies to the various de- partments, courts, police station houses and other public offices of the city. 'restraints imposed upon the Common Council by legista tive enactments, aad a stricter scrutiny of the private character and reputation of the gentlemen composing the Board, would, I feel assured, result in the formation of a much higher estimate by the public of the unpaid public services and private worth of those whom it is now CM-ed G.to this bureau vouchers to the amount of forty ninelign. The position of Alderman of the city of New York should be such that no honorable man would seek to avoid incurring its responsibilities. 'A representation in the highest legislative branch of government to a city like New York, outnumbering to population many of the State* of the Union; a city to point of wealth and popula- tion comparing favorably with any city ia the Old World; * city to which is raised and disbursed annually nearly twenty millions of dollars in Its government and im-9provement, should rank only as second to importance to6 Bernard Ketty 0ÑBenjamin F. Manierre... 7ÑRichard B. Connolly 8ÑHezekiah D. Robertson* 9ÑRobertY. Grant....DemraatBepobl Bepnbl Repass)jRepaH Bepabt Bepsbl Bepnbl Befabi. . . . . . . . . . . . R e p u b l Republ'The Superintendent of Lamp* and Gas has managedBUREAr OF LAMPS AND OAS.excessofexpendituresIncurredhasbeenpaidoutofthoappropriation for contingencies of Street Department. their kindness, and I cannot separate officially from them,BUREAU OF ROADSThe Bureau of Roads was, until the 31st day of August, inexperienced legislator. Preserve him to yourselves aaddirected an actual examination to be made without delayOSLAWASM, 2ÑDavid B. St Joan .Rep.into the affairs of his bureau, which resulted in Mr. Nes-1-Donald D.Shaw.... Rep. PITXAM.A vote of thanks was proposed by Alderman PICK todrama of the " Octoroon," was brought on before Jadge ments signed 4>y Mr. J. B. Corzens, Acting Superintendent the reporters, for the ability and the accuracy displayed t JMtpti H. Plumb*Ingerso.ll, to the United State* Circuit Coart After the of Roads during the illness of the Superintendent, which by them to their accounts of the proceedings ot the Board-reading of a vast number of affidavits and letters of a are appended to the report of that officer here with trans- conflicting nature, the Court adjourned Uie further hearf mitted. The whole of the facta to thia case, so far asAdopted unanimously.¥ The minute* were then read by Mr. Valentine, the¥ing, but refused, under the circumstances, to grant a pre- liminary injunction.Judge Parker was appointed United States District At- torney by the President, but declined the office.Judge Roosevelt was subsequently tendered the samo position.87ÑIn the Supreme Court, circuit, before Judge Suther- land, a verdict of $10,000 damageijras rendered to the1ÑMartin Finch*. .Rep. known, are now returned to the Superintendent of Police, Clerk, and the City Father* of 1869 adjourned in-, dig- ' 1ÑWells & Dickinson. .Rep.Mullen, to the Supreme Coart, in charging the Jnry, case of the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad Otompaay against to exercise unusual care to selecting his successor. The I1ÑElb. G. Moulton. .Rep. 1ÑPeter;1ÑGerry Coonley.., .Dem. 1ÑJno W. OoochÇ1Ñ& R Millmguu. .Rep, 1-Kdwto H Down*. 2ÑIrving Boloomb. .Rep.C Hall.1ÑBern'd R Startes2ÑWUMam Taggart.. Rep. 1ÑCharles;i C Jewett... Rep. 2-Edwtn A. Merritt.1ÑAndrew A. Myers.8ÑCxtarloa Kelsey...8 - T h e . C Oalbcot...I lames Darcy6ÑWm.CJassts....6ÑCuarle* M. Brtgg* 1ÑPhil. R Jeoamsat. 7ÑGeorge H Fisher !R*P. 2ÑRich'd J. Cornerfor such action as deemed proper. For full particular* concerning the transactions of tote-bureau for toe year 1869, aee report of the Superintendent of Roads, marked appendix L.The difficulty with the previous Superintendent of Road*; and his conduct of tha business of bis bureau, caused meIt to understood that all matters have oeen arnuigsi An* the formation of the Board of Aldermen for 1*0*. Aldar man Peek is to be President, and. as a matter of coarse, Mr. Valentine will resume hisuid ^oiition, and none of the other officials will.be disturb*-1.BOARD OP COUlfCILlfEN. *xThedosing meeting of the Board of Coiucilmeuheld yesterday afternoonÑPresident Cornell in the chair; bnt there was very little important business transacted.A report of the Committee on Arts and Sciences te favor of appropriating $1,000 to procure a portrait of ex- Governor King for tub Governors room was concurred to; also a report of the same oommittee suggesting tb* appropriation of 8600 for a portrait of Mayor Tiemann. An appropriation of 8*00 was made to the Home for Deaf Mutes,andaresolutiontopayOol.MingS980forservices rendered to the PoboenXIOM AMVtUSSSMfA Kennedy.. .Dem.Contingencies Street Department of this appropriation,- AMIiasaa I hare the honor to submit to* following twenty four thousand three hundred and thirty-one dol- w** concurred in; and the report of tb* Committee oa 1-Rich. T'Heagh... .Rep. 1-Abram W.summary of the general state of the business of this de- lars and eighty-two cento, leaving a balance of five thou- lands and Ptoees oa petition of tbe trustees of the Chant- asad six hundred and sixty-eight dollar* sad eighteen ber of Commerce for a grant of land for the use of anpartment for the year I860, This, together with my pro- cents with which to liquidate any bills not yet presented, observatory, WMadopted.uvnwajtow. 1ÑSamuel L Fuller. .Rep.nooa, 1-Davki Earlif,quarterly reports, aad the accompanying reports of of bureaus, to which you as* respect- fully referred, will give a full sad complete knowledge of the transaction* of the department for to* ksst twelve2ÑJohn Wiley1ÑDavto Oark.. 9 ******.Rep.<Fulton New York13069ninety -five 87 100 dol- The Oty Treasury will be re-itled DocuSSEJmeThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetwww.fultonhistory.com¥*?and tha* obviate the necessity of applying for aa appro-priation of arrearage*. tbe President aa* clerk* for the efficient discharge of toeirtho appropriation for stationery and for "fuel, furni- dntfo*, the Board ajourned aim die.ture and supplies to corporation office*," bare been ex- Before tbe members vacated tbe chamber, Mr. Lambier1ÑJ*rem*hW.Rep. 1ÑHumphrey JeweUf .for several months, aad for these purposes no on behalf of toe Board, presented PrasbttsU Cornell with a -mush-al cabinet. *urrouaded by a handsome clock, During the year requisitions have been drawn upon to* was available, with the stogie exception that the Oomp which cost $810. It was a* elegant piece of workman-J-Jeftords .Rap. $ÑJohn H. KortnghL.to the amount of oa* million five hundred hundred sad ten 88-100 dol-lars, of which one million two hundred eight hundred aad fifteen 03-100by tax, and twotrailer has authorised this sapaitmant to draw against hit contingent fund for supplies furnished to b*foffloe. 1* addition to toe above, this appropriationneed to cover a deficiency of over aeven thousand dollars in the Fire Department and roads and avenues appropria- tions. Tbe aggregate of unexpended balances of appro priattons for thia department amount* to 8476, nearly, if not quite, the whole of thisquired in payment of aad bill not yet readeDuring about four months of the The duties of Streetahip.FtWAL MISTING PO* TH* TBABÑVMAT THET HAT*DON* a 1869, nra. ã';The Cotnntisskaners of Rxctee hold their last mooting forthe past yoar yesterday at pad Holmes.Thet e were three application* for granted on tbe usual conditions .D-a. | m mit. ^i_-ptex aad extended ledge has been donenothing; i r , 'bat beiag the aumber required by law They receive* apptteanoaa for about I t )to bo,:**iteregabtritteahavwHhin of i98;1ÑWilliam Burn*. 2ÑWilbam Walsh8 - C . B Woodruff 4ÑWilliam Gover. 6ÑWHbes* L. Otto 6ÑSaml T - 7ÑFred. A.8ÑThos ORouike9 Daniel R Jaqoes18 Joseph P, ~ 11-C. H. Tooker 12ÑAndrew Smithner to which you have at all timesme in the discbarge of the duties of the /Chan*,Y our high toned, gentlemanly and courteousbearing towards each other has made me forget that theBeard of Aldermen is composed of men belonging to oppostte political parties. Tour deponm**t has been ofsuch a character that when compared with that of otherlegislative bodies it reflects greatly to toe credit of the' State Prison Inspectors William C. Rhodes,! gentlemen composing this BoardÑaot one unkind wordhaving been spoken or act performed during the periodof my occupancy of the chair. I allude to the circum-stance with the greatest gratification, toe more ao, as theCommon Council of this city are frequently represented asbeing composed of men the most depraved and unscru-pulous; and are also frequently held accountable for actaof legislation, partieutarly to the expenditure of the cityrevenues, over which the authorities of thia city have noMembers, myself among the number, retiring from public life. To myself it will, oa thcone hand, be a relief anddaily*nr*,,,"w*^etor'eTjp^S È .jDavid R. Floyd Jones, at*. A . . . . Robert Dennsjton, rep.Xemab I. Everest, sap.8up't Bank Department. James M. Cook, rep.'Canal AppraisersTHE LEGLSLATURE.8KNATB.Robert Campbell, lieutenant Governerof tbe Senate.Ditt. Nan*.1ÑEdward A Lawrence.... 2ÑThomas A. Gardiner.... 3ÑFrancis & Spinola4ÑJ. McLeod MurphyDavid P. Forrest, rep Sop't Public Instruction. .Henry H. Van Drck. asp.DUL Kame. PoiMa. WXWTOEXÑ[C ALSAST. ISÑPeter "2ÑHenry B. MiUerf... Rep.2ÑJames A. Culvei 8ÑAnson Bingham BtCHMO.TO.8ÑHiramNewellt.... "Pond Perry,tv..Rep. .Rep.1ÑBenjamin aButler .1TlPhilip ltorshtimar, rep. Charles G. Myers, rep. rVan Rensselaer Bichmotl, dam. John M.Jaycox, i'Hiram Gardner,William LSkuuw.1ÑBewitt C Uttlejeba.) I 