ffUIthe Territories.to tb« Fog tive Slave law, lor example, the North You ssy ]our local law haa vaatad in you aa ab-—au fonn* of Utaralate and of apeoeh areaod men feel"may judge how ks*ffmly tkejfan'uti:eoatrary,for property is not represented «ny-justUoalis ClillaiBliiriil.in slaves la, or is not, fheCotistitution. Indeedthiais theentireinscop*, ofuhich >ou complain. I do not mean by this as one of tbe1 On thenovala,temperate Kow I have—mitibt have been jlelded wlthont actually givingtcgsnied s* offender* to tUa vapeet.All breatheauthority which yon w m d not " question,thit Mcthat they are represented asNot aMlil fbroa auch a basis your women and ilillil—. iihii have no vote and are nevertfalesaportionof SouthernsocietyimplicatiDnproperty." Vo prrssR ktU t* xraiec or labor in nns Stat', un- tf«rr*c(<*s CA'rifi/', etcaptng into another, ^U;lU. (<i cun^equtnre tif anv l«w or lesu'atloo tnereia bi -Ms- rhaiKeo from fucb service or lavir. but Ati-Ul oe <iclirin wWch alavea are referred to in any way,up,"—because we in answering Nu persistnor the of practical inabilityings on the part of the South on this subject, wbichaction of the Federal Government couldright.It is a general impression at th** South that theon the all other laudsofhave any right to interpose our power against thia tendencymtheslaveholuingSlates. Youaresov-dsfHi eondiiionaof the national life,—and thatthe of language—byrests on a for the wel- practical extension, regarddiatinctly—regard into which men from both Nor^hTM*»OT»rit implisi thit qoeiliig the Constkuilon j—but every one of thana tog the vital prhiclpla wnich is involved. In regard govertfaMBt.ofWHAT 18 SLATKBT IK THl OOHBTITimOHf "thrafrittaaf all other ytrM/i*,"—besides those —this discards and ignores all the GonstiiutionalIII! lirtHll III Ihll ^nvioos portion of the sentence.declare The iiMUhst they are described as persons is at lion cf hostility to the institutioos of the Souttijrnsuch a81 <i that any scheme of compensation is only an Ihe preceding part of thia letter. But yon aay phy were not it. Ton would Btaek Be puhUc*o» j-] on have cireulated th*that they are notSteles. Not at ail. Yon are put>ingsn int^rpre- nguiti by the Ckmslitutlon as property^ taticn up<>n it giowiag out of your own theorios,—i^pie^MMcd.—would be property also. But they f-ir^T up c>n cli^l " <-f'the party to nbum suca ber^lje ur are taaEtd^-yOtt say, and therefore they are prop- tabor may be doe."versythe North is in duty buuiul to give such practical this point I see no possibility of compromise. I do But If }0u would silence these hot aud blistering from, the sy stem of -government you have adoptaderly. ,lNo>—they are not taxed, but are only made \re regard this as the definition which th9 C>ina ma***property.of determining the ratio of taxation.Tazala«i l>y the Constitution, a'though i^id by amounta to (he same thing, as the phrase which propMty, falls Dp<m property not according lo its the framera of the Constitution employed as, in aimmart, but according to population ;—and when their judgnutnt, synonymous with tha^wotd. And threettiilhsoftheslavesarecounted,therefore,asa itestablishesthexepointsbasis 4l£taxstion, it is only to determine the taxablepopalatian and not at all to liz the amount of tax-ableforth in the fourth article of theOS under the Vomtuution into the Terri- propertytories. I do not believe they will ever consent to.setttalt t, and nn^tfjxaU^ the right of each State t-t ord-r meiit carefully excluded from it. On this point Ifeatures.You do not seem to be at all aware of the char-designate iu leading features, and I make no^nu- meiation, therefore, of the counileaa llhistratiaa*I caa tiodfore, . which gives aiiy show of justice to your tract, bi tcisim. 3. This legal holding to service or labor is in aitCBUEsThis is the doctrine of the Admuiistratinn which ter of small Importance, as intended merely to toe Government of Naples,—how all freedom of must be such as will keep him and his descendant*nothingwhatever in thisclause,there-is that he is by"When>ou reada fewthe impoitaiion of slaves until 1808,—as priving the condition of a slave is created and maintainedthat \kej were regarded as subjects of commerce, only by the law of the locality or State ifi which heand therefore aa property. The language used is " held,"— not by any law common to all localities,/i^rseiu asany of the Stales now existing may thinkIt pledfjrs the Republican Party to practical TettitorisI property of tbe common Union, and as or exiled fur uiteriog thoughts of liberty, or cen- distes everything like rights to connection with ttMdoes not sustain iha The asHumption.) our rights under it. But yuu know that this issuch attempt to overthrow the sovA^ign authority not so. You know very well that, if the Constitu- the tyranny that ruled, - how the forms of justice speech or iu hope. U* tias no right to instruction,permission or all Slates.granied ia for ' the migration or importation of such 4. Under ordinary circumstances, and in theforward a law in which shall make CongressI olilicaf, activity rigidly restricted to the tools of to ativ degree (d freedom, either toisttiisasa crime graveindefeasible right of prO(ierty in slaves,Govern- sion,applies juststrong-the Federalit accordingly. As the law st quences w ill follow :caa have no hope of peace and no and the into its adoptionthe ideas and——and the of petual and paramount in our Federal Councils. that savage Despotism which they are powerless rematos is, wb*tii*r that deatruction ahall come—phni* of the day, to ruuiimaiizt SUucry to blame of the controversy uponment shall protect slave property in any Terri-that the great mass of your people perform their tbe movement*, tlie active moral and ma-coti£ict"tui if you inaist upon it, ita issiies.far disgraced the history of jonmalTim,—and cir-the cbilgaiion :—that the Constitution requires the We deny thst there Is any sach recognkiooi—and der ita complete control, must show tb* foUy of shut upgKaramees of Slaveryabsolute surrf-nderof the fugitive, at all huards,the grounds of that denial I have already stated inc ause;of pi o/fr/y —provocationsof the bo«ti!e censure*erdsed over the k bitecanaea which provoke the denuncis-.diticn.:hope,—even if all history and all philoso-exasii.n. But — teloquent agatost our—this is an—defence t<> the power of systemat-— ttitmioa gives lo the word slave, or, whichA slave is a Pkbsun.% The characteiistic feature of his condition,think thecould not be otherwise without runninggulshing feature,— but the kind ofSUvery, and tiie be1.that which distinguishes him from other persuu'i,greatis,if notabsolLtelyaat beat a link be-:n:eie/a<<of Slavery that its distm. the ci^nstitutesassumpiii.n that thenegro brute,held tu service or labor," not by coo- law."bouihe^n Socitty.yearsrpenepMet ai.- you wouU not apply this unben linn this is depriving ua of our property, or of the right fii.d it mfinitely eaaiat to reduce every falaehood ihst candidate forTlce Piesidaat;lire po HBoAiadata the r«tL_<n>m aaSouthind eaaifgprifces their actual Mabisittaa may la- tte ^form ind equal %wj^'vh|^ri^iasMthatl^^k^d^, tiie Pnlpk. tka 13^4; p|Ms[«foffaaded IMtyforhisiaiamons unpatriotic avowab. those mtU «•by wMta^ codybatj** illieiS their diseordantWst^ilatsad•mhmv ia oar OorenuDeBt It is oae of our boasts up that slUl unconquered Ualakoffof Liiierty. But should unquestionably ful;JJ the obligation which solute right of property In your aiare*,—and that a ton* of hoMiUty to Blavory toeompatOile with it* LiKCOLB B*ver saw Oot. Chue in 'Even if alaves v\ ere property, this would be all you could claimin•He uvies andin daniaiLrB, and Is held acquitted.recognixed tbe real heart aitd marrow, of tbe whole ooatio-law or m8<' in regard to invasions of the Sauth>>m Statesmust abolishm'defimadnp " make them property? Certainly latioua to the Federal Qjvemment, is concerned. for the suppression of negro insurreciions in any stitution, must become the subjects of commeree, the dehpotism that crushes life and hcpe from the without regard to iu justice, its ri^ht or wroiig. its—and yet nobody it becomes fugitive slave,cediaf dauka, to be delivered ufs,preteoda that thu feet makes l^em property. doubt the points by what authority, and under insurrection, and no one doubts that servile insur-ambiguous.K«w these are all the clauses of the Coustitution what forms, the fugitive is to be " deliveredsuppressingre<Micns si* included in the obligations Undoubt- sliJie. The laws of Congress, prohiaiting tbe im- lalion 7prime lair for the negro, sgainst which it is" trea-surrenderThis is the question which I think should be slaveholders to take their slaves into the Territo-Uberiy despotism puts!language of that instrument, and interpreted b; thepolse of ita brutal nature,andlording it overm<d tto'h'ng e'st. And you are de-opiiiiuos and sentiments of^the men who madeitpri-peity mandingspeech "an entirely new idea has sprung up in the —and de-Now here are three points which tonch most still less v«ould they vote to compel that emancipa- » here are the orderly,—the respectable, the civ- and inevi: able. Fortnisis your plea m their de-byparty platforms, Court, rather thanright.—to fare of tbe Territories, an unwilungnessof the Unitednature, or temporary in its effect, there would Nonh and the South,—but between the South and right that every citizen who goes into them should t i QO.aacb aeceasiiy. It might then be coinpro- the Constitution. You have found the present stand there upon an equal legal footing with every jiise^ But it is vital, lla decision stamps the Constitut iun, so far as your purposes are concerned, other citizen :—that whatever one may lawfully chaiacter aif our Oovernmpnt, and gives a direction a failure. Unless, therefore, it can be overthrown take into them another may,—and that if one is to it* BOUcy which it must keep to the end of its by amendments, you are determined to overthrow prohibited from taking any special thing, every exiaMaoe. U your demands t>e complied with, it by force. I do not think you will succeed in other citizen should be prohibited from taking thexr'e;hance of escape from these constant and disturb- principles lor which you contend. The "irre- each State have an undivided, and pro rata an iig agitations. If the difference were trilling in pressible conflict" is, therefore, not between the equal, interest in their ownership. It is clearlylanguage qfpropertyStates,peopleBut if the time should ever come when the South, to withsland,—agaiost which they dare not even amid th* namclesa enormities of a wholessle for its own safety, needs an outlet for its sarplus protest. Every year their danger becomes mere slaughter, or to some lesa formidable shape. If slave population, 1 do not believe the North would in.minent, because the causes which create it tie- you will separate yourself from all connectloa opi cse such migration into some Territorial region ccme more potent. Tbey have surrendered the with it, aod look upon It as you would upon any adapted to it. Indeed, most men at the North who euthoiity which they ought to wield with pru- other social problem or phenomenon to which yoa reflect upon ibe subject at all, look to the gradual dence, with wisdom, and with due regard to tke had no personal concern or prac mceived e^nion, drifting of Slavery Southward,—both withiti atij tendencies and influences of the age, toto the I think you would have little eiifficulty in seeinc—without the present lituils of the Union, as the bands of brutal, reckless force, which ignores and little hesitation to saying, that such a aystemSla«!My bepomea one of the essential, ineradicable either.elefB*»la of our national life—just aa vital and aa THB DUtT OF THl KOBTB.peifaaneuVin it aa the principle of Bepublicanism, Now, what ia to be done ? You have brought theaa fre*d>ia of qieech, trial by jury, or Ireedom of isaue to its present point. As a matter of neces- rights implies that some things are conceded leligiiras wocship. Tour aim Is, in the sharp, clear sity and of policy, you seek to throw the whole as rights to one class of persons and deniedall equity, scoffs at all moral influences and in North America, and in this advanced age ofof thiis sort obtains case. A Southern man can take into the Temtnries whatever a Northern man can, and when there, both stand on an equal footing. There is no diSiculty in recognizing this ^erfect equality of rights that obtains between the two, so tioaal institution, ignored by the General Govern- them, the conflict must go on untU one party or lung as the question is thus limited to specific— most important political duties, to utter ignorancemate U a national instead of a local institution— had not n siatad your claims,to another class. Nothing in thiatories regardless of the will of their inhabitants, or that any amendments shall be made to the Con- stitution changing tbe badis of Slavery, or substi-terialtill*agencies of of ignoranthe thusDOtaMesaarily for the purpose of carrying ttasesima.^nafj pait of the country, but to make the su-presM law of every part slave taw. Yuu demaiul claims, we should not hive resia'od them. But thai 81av*ry shall no longer »tand as an excep- since you luve made them, and since we dj resistpermanestly heldtfca* flat symbolizes and represents, can compel ita lecogafclOB.parts,—instead of the prejudices, the arrogance and a term that needs definibg:the pride of any section, bo far as my experience you anal3rze it you find that it embod- should be recognized and stand on the aame foot- columns to anythtog that would discredit it.been no sectional conteaL That is perfectly truesavages under theand it la also true, that if you had not made thoseBut under no other condition* is it pcasible. The same powers, visible and invisi-ment, bowned opon by civilization, and under the the ether recedes, or ia defeated. I see no possi- thti'^sit isonlywhen some term is used generalplete accomplishmentDisunion,the white man, and was to favor ofthe steamboat,him road, Ihe telegraph, printtog, publicbaa of Christendom—But a deal may be wbich includes many tlifferent things, that doubts greata conciliatory disposition on ai>d OiSertnces arise. Every one can see that thegiving—discussion,inventions theseareamongtheagen-but that it sbzdl take its fixedplace as only one form of the eternal institutioa of done towardssocialwhichand political rights ;—that he and theble way of avoiding creatingthis.eqialpartyNow lU» la not a ijpint to besaver haa been compromised, nor will it ever be^ troversies between communities or individuals thing itaelf,beeauae it Is, to Its nature, incapable of compro- have ever arisen, that did not rest au fond on a that thing. Thus, if two men go to Kansas, each<inbject.compromised.Itand reading go, they leach me that veryfew con-ies two — and sepaiat*distinctideas,postmastera,-or rather— weakness, it widen*They have all turned on questions some extent in theV'tiole•€( tea notary and local expediency ;—whether litst duty of each aectlon is first to adjust or brings with him not only the negro,everyIt leaves in Ihe General Government the duty ofbeiiig iucunsistent with tliia TEKnilrCirg OF FOUTUEBK CIVIL SOCIKIY.ther* i* aothiog in any one of them which gives the er under the provisions of the common law. State of enforcing its own laws, —but where its Col stitutional provbion, become inoperative and The worst tyranny of Ihe worst Government i.-bed with wha'rv< r torti^res the auihority least CounteoaKce lo your claim. They are repre-' Upon these points there is room for doubt, and power thonld prove inadequate, especially in pres- void. nh'ch ever existed is fsi ly paralleled m the cur- that nakts tbe law may see fit to in-and not as property.lUS BIAL 18SCK XStt THE SECI88ITT OF DKCIOISQitWhether by Feder^ authority or by State authority,edly the duty rests in the first instance upon theportation of slaves,son torebel,and resisrance to whichmaybepn>-impelled aa persons, and not as property ; they are that explicitness, if it tie afforded, must conform to ger as a rebellion of slavea involves, !'. should re-—to be delivered op, when they escape, as persons, the previous definition not Colate or overthrow ceive the aid of the Federal arm. Southern writerswith us to recognize is sufficient, without furtherwithm ) our borders dare canvass fairly and pub- slave system as it eiiits in theory, and in law, iathe North. If we there would havethe world, a weakit.And we should never stand and see her bypeacealso that we of the Nonh shall ceaae d*-;of inequality could be made,—for inequality of lythe People ever consent that the Federal Govern-— Upon seme remote it land to some distant sea Csr—ofthe North to give Slavery any clearerWe asklaw of Chattel Propeity, are recognized as hied aside sonoething of Its passion, something of its horse, a half eagle, a carriage or a cart,^and that thst Constitution. We demand nothing mi>re. his success wemld be the of ruin. The ast half century. Toe geoenl effect of them all is—towards inducing each party to lay Southern man may take into the Territories a ; that, as the law of Beal Estate, and the both sidesand enduring parts of the great code of the world, obstinate adhesion to its own views on minor mat- 8 {torthern man may take precisely the same Tuke it as ot r Fathers madepledgedby and —and that principle of irtierty all over thePropertyyouabidetbe—both thus standing upon precisely the much for the sake of the Union, BO the l*w of Slave Property shall have its place, ters, and to cai/vasa the groimds of the controversy things,assertion* was the moht iaiportant— *h6 energiesandthesrlf-aosertiogelementsofcharac-butyouhavepoint tovolved to tbe contest, especially toequally euble and equally honorable, wherever the in the light of principle, of the Constitution, of same footing. But when you ask if each no reason to believe that they would have yielded people of the Southern States. J>id you .lUow it ter, to every community which they piervade.flat of the United States, and the power which the highest good of the whole country and of *11 its may take bis property with hun, yon employ more, even from that high motive. No man then to bo freely and fairly canvassed? Your focal No man can live for years fa full sight'it cat. be cored ujmpensate person whom the service give lights beyond boundariea of its own au- tive coercion. Tlia resalt of tbe experiment which1^^JMk ^^mt^h<af8UonvTBtiiad«sn MKMbarsofCoairsAliiilllftilie^aUtktftCQov- tpreimunon./,p,uke,»rpe<iuUyby „mef.tenegT.€s><hould the to theor labor of the fugitive waa doc, for the pecuniary thority. Ton aay the Constitution of the Doitod you made to 1835 upon the Bight of Petition,- rection waa allowed lo follow it. What people •* loss he may have sustained in consequence of that States recognizes that veated right, and thus givs* one of the amalleat feature* of tbe general ten- what nation ran exerci** the tight of Mif-govern- default. You may say this is not a fulfillment of it universality. Upon that point we join issue. deiicy, and one moreover which Cosgraas h-id un- ment w.th judgment or justice, when tbHyare thasleast pnai^ipiire evidence,j„j than ia Bodung in the cireumatances brised I40I1 your ovtn aasuAptiuna,—ruot warrant- obe}rdliterally.—but in case of the r vmlation or Net at all. It only deprive* you of th* right to take ject provincial dependnwy of Sooth Cani- *er<«[l witlribe saaie iinpoaiiy, that we were y||iiU|U]iltf. aart tkf Kdiial -Cooatitiitioii ni'ibt, «ron ihe ba»ir#iKki'tt ^covidRt for it, and to fil-the Fugitive Slave law ia to protect the slave- coi.vert it, while under tiie operation and pntec- DiainHkio, acta of retaliation,tfaerefeOT,: iegaad ttoaia til*aimply heap*»l^t Hatatl«iiaiio* .tbe iia, aad- *abr dom**tic rsfulatioM. account of the esca,ie tbattcesllaw.'illlo anottier, hner.uul- fed on tbe nglnf flame* You may exhort, re- wonM' torn praWMed -fc* fefeeioal «'naiTsdliim& i Iftn e^rry obligation,Wxpfosa '«# impU«d; whictaf it U;—fpa Ueat- Jas eataot .tbatrol iheinteatof liBpo»«8. And in. detoMaiainc Utttal tnoae oliliga-holder frcm lose oa Of the ticn of apereoB " owine^him sefvico or labor" iuto another versal form, and thus tak* it with )O0 wherever monstta.ta and reason with us on th* *ubject. You amongthe masses of Ito paapl* in tte Sonthar* State :—and If this object cannot be attained by the }LU wii-h to go. You can sell your s aves and take psy a|t>eal to our sense of and of fair- Slater. Do you beliisTe tl&t such a political *y*-thu C*iisl,lliili<« f*i If It finnlil. nil yon would hxn ^ tiens'Bret wa look fitat for ato do aaiMdat tu«hiinge the Constitution would be 'nhion of the treatment of theto ciMiir T""' ideal law. Toa may aay tb-tt. hibtt.Slaverj/.—u a4bje.:t defend iqMmplea,—thoii(k>wXe*iiq( into the lepresehlktioa of theThe whole differenoe In rega*d to the Territories thus turns on the point whether the absolute nghtqulesdng to ita equity or it* weakaess. ezpoatogsrsTm -' <w.— counlqiiltaykavenovote, novoice,nowilliad^fmition, in just su< b clear and precise termn ustransportits passengers insafety:your power to make the appeal Ilea in the direction of remoainr—and that this fact aSurds a fstrthe ConslitutLnalways employs,in thefollowingI hsve TftuTfi thus far s^Iy to tbe tyranny ax-Cu^tttiUiaiial dtji-justicelule to any othersubject.All laws are to be to take ourpropertywith us into the Terrhoriea. Kortbem Stateto th* condition of an ab-haanegroblocd to hi* veto* ;— have *•- you mightof tke eaae t« •Tertfarow that presiun^: pd by. the fact. W* are petiectly wtlli*^ to taka default, the law itself, aa well aa common sense, ycur piorerty in a particuiir, exoer*ional form— Kn*. than to expel tWa habit of free speech from tte Dfigrotv,—tion..Ste<as9sayyourlocaltawrejudsthemaa. liibCcutituiioB.k*^stands,toleaveSUverfarceptapamageaastheequivalent.Theobjectofgiventoitaolejybyyouri/>callat.ToucanNorthernmind.Itenaceaofdispleasure,threatsojoutoalistsandpoUieiaa*iw**enongbtoejuai:.literal delivery of the fugitive, compensation is all with you the money, which as property is their its nature: and wefindthit (bat, reUiains. A railroad company is bound to equivalent.dealtog, and we will listen to th*either *e-tem is ccbsistent with aafetyTcuABACTU tin wif^or,'tfv >a| SLATKBT.it contracts to do si>. But if it breaks a passenger's leg, it respondsYuu have it inavsiltog,— and IttlsBtupon cbly while Slavery exist* it wilt tie denouncedguaiantees as the case sd'nits against them. The not be.itve that, under any circumstaneea, the censures of the world, fou must reform the for your slaves. I have no wish to enter upon tba buty of the North on this point is wry cleirly and North will ever concede the rigkt to take alaves system, and relieve it of many of its present details of tlist ryslem. My object is merely (•equity.youStovery, though unquestion-lions of whi'hyou complam.I knowvery welf,enii.h8ticiillyPfbtfurm of the itepublican Party adopted at Chi- cago,—in these terms :;however, that It ftovn out of, and i* io*eparab>sYourelcrmenexttothatclausewhichpermits Sftt,—and'iinderthelawstlvreo/i"—thatis,—ccmesintopoweronthe4thofUarchnext. giveyouanequalrighttotheenjoymentofthe sieeehwassuppressed,howmenwereimprisoned forevermthatposiiiun. Thisaasnmptionrepu-ofwhenever the slave shouldto leaveof wlmt-absenceany provisioncontrary,that State State,—thesecon- and alldevelopmmtthe——society was subjected to the ever fiicnlties he may posses*, or even to |4iyaicalmeaf-ures for ihe tuppressinn of such invasions and I think it is the duty of that party to bringso palpably just, that it can only be deniqd from a sures of official acts,—how all free par- iiegio. lie has no right to his wife or to his chS- motive of contempt fur the Constitution and for ticipation m public affairs was denied, and dien any more than to bimsolf. H* haa no ligW;between the North and South. Andengraft upon the Coiutitution a rscognition of acter and tendaiicia* of the Civil Society you are of tbe system afloided iu the" That the viantifnance invinlate of the rights o/tks slave pro|;«ity which the framer* of thtt histru- building up in the Southern Slates. It is not the £ouihem plsnialion. 1 he whole system rests onvnu c*nlr»t Its OM.n ttumthttc institutions accordmt tt!<.« otu- jwigmt r,l, kXOLUSlviLT, is es>entiat to thattU-t.nce'/fiuiL-rranvkickthept/ectionaiui rndntance »/ States are immovable, and in my judgment they influence it is eiening over the legislation, the tween the human aud the brute creation ; —and:t*AS mvati'-u by armidforce o/ anevilsmorals and manners, the thuughts and opinions of—and uw detowice the fav-ru- jMluicatfabric depfndtrui n^dtti r uruUr what prttext, as am^jng ttu osAVksi orState ur*ubj*c- tion to the will m>l uidy of a master, but of aamass of tiie people of the Northern —upon Terrilnru, of the moft perilous magnitude. Yuu are in thethai his place in sociei y is that of aiMoluteit canneverbeaInutiedargument, to show whyare in the habit o speaking of Northern communi- yito the Constitution, ei.her by express ameud- own Society In this Bepub^ican Government, no departures from ihat theory to practice. ThereTBI IBBEPBKSSIBLI CONDUCT. ties as eager to plunge the South into the horrors ir.cnt or by legislation that will imp y its existence. where the people choose their rulers, no man dare are dejmttures frcm it,— nut only in isolated cases, Ton are in the hnbit of charging the North with of serv i'e war,—as indifferent to the nameless deeds Ai.d this is oi<e of the reasons, perhaps the control- 10 dsy avow openly in the Southern States that he i but in whole communities, and to many eotiialing one, vvhy the people of the North will never voted for the man who has been elected Presi- States. But there are also States to which tb* consent tu the extension of Slavery iuto the Terri- dent uf the Republic. Freedom of speech, free- practical workings of the system have already tories as a matter uf right. dom of opinion, freedom of political action, are come closely up to lis theory. And the lenie^^fIT.Th* real question at issue between the Xorth having prcduced all the sectional discontent thai of butchery and outrage which such a war wouldand fioulh, (using these terms as conreoieat de- now prevails by departing from the Constitution. involve, and to the general ruin which it wouldsignations of the two opposing parties,) turns upon I will not say that there is no truth in the allega- bring in its train. There could be no morethis pcjiot—which invuives all others— are slaves tion. Possibly we have, in some particulars, bean serious error. The great mass of the people of the 1 do not mean to say that they mi^ht not, under more thoroughly stifletl and extinguished m is steadily in that direction. The despotism over profirty, in the meaning and intendment of the less rigid in adhering to that instrument than we North look upon such contingencies with the same the J. ressure cf circumstances, and in presence of the Sou h than in Austria, or Bus ia, or the the whi:es, of which I have already spoken, ishoiror that moves the South. Toeir son.e gnat i ecessity, assent to some comprjmise meet absoluteon the face o the earth.the f^nutoris, of ihM in-tiuvunt, on the same on our part will compare with that great change synipsthit'S are with their brethren of the same en this subject wbicn would leave some portion Ai.d a still worse feature of the case is, that this and to make American Slavery m practice and iafoottfg OS o her pn^erty ? You answer Yes ; we which >ou demand in its essential elements and race, and they would lend their aid promptly and of the Federal territory open to Slavery. But any violence decs no^ven think it necessary to clothe fact wLat it Is in the theory on which it tests. answer Mo. And > on are threatening to dissolve character. Nor have they caused your aiscontent cheerfully, U it should be needed, to defend them suih assent must rest wholly on grounds of expe- itself in the forms of law. It is not by legal tri- You q||st not understand me as implying thatConstitution ? i>> stand in thf. vieir, and unitr should have been. But none of these deviations ikeythudderingdespotismdesignedto crush out all theseexceptional cases,the Union unless we will also answer Yes. Nay, As 1 have already shown in these letters, it is fium such catasiro(jhes. If there are any misgiv-dienc},anJ not u^ou the claim of Constitutional buna's,— not by mini'tera of justice, not even the Federal Government, or that we of the North,more,—you are already endeavoring to dissolve it,net our Personal Liberty bills, nor our failure tounder pretence of legality, that these awful out-are In perpetrated.ereign over your" you demandmgragesfinally settled now. i < hink the whole country is of ries, that crea'es the difficulty. That diffi :ulty has assent. We have no interests to be served,—no re- Slavery is a desire to pen it up," to confine it form. It clothes itself to the outward garb of this is one. But are ttie sanctioafugiii-es,judiciousallay,spiritI have no doubt that the North wouldreadilymotive of ibe North in resisting the extension of " —on the robes of legalowndomestic aB'airs, of whichthe same opinioo. Undoub'edly there are a great gruten out of your determination to make a new sentments to be gratified,—no aims to i>e promoted vvi'hin a small area, anl let it there sting itself law, even when it perpetrates the worst outrages of the Federal Government for it all. are Ymmany pereons in both sections who deprecate Cvnttiiution. It is due primarily, and therefore joining iisue upon it. They preler tiiat it should entirely, to your departure from the policy of the be e«*ded or coniptomised. Some of them dread Fathers of the Bepublic, as that policy was embodi- thediaturbaace—thedamagetobusiness—the edintheConstitution,—asitstandsravealedinthe alienation of feelings—the poi^sible perils and de-vastatioos of war to wtiich a fiDal settlement ofttie qnestMm may give rute. Oibers underrate its You demand that principles shall be engrafted up-by the forcible overthrow of Suuibern society or to death,"—in other words, become so dangerous U] on its spirit. But m the South it repudiates all seeking to graft upon the Constitution the principlethe violent rupture of Southern institutions. On lo society as to compel its abolition as a measure restraint,—all form,-all respect for the opinions which lies at the bottom of it all,the contrary, whatever helps the Suuth helps us. of self-defence. Undoubtedly this is a motive with of tbe world. It stalks abroad like a hideous sav- all as naturally aa a forest of oaksWhateverbuildsupherprosperitybuildsupours. manyicen, We share her success, her burdens and her shame.but I do nut l>elieve it to b« a control-——safety—because no sy stem less rigid, less exact-if tbb'iie whole country shall come to acquiesce, upon the reconstruction of the Constitution itself, and South may wiah to emigrate. They are the teimination to do noihing which shall make it per- more certain, than that they will become victims of to speedy deatructioo and the only question thatand decisively settled, a the byuotS .it iafinal and authoritative judgment, in which direct amendments. But now yon insist the TerritoriesSupremeby openand Another of difference arises in point—ciesse the political power ot Slavery, and a de-pleasame thing also. So long as this rule is observed, it would not seem possible that any complainttranrples like a beast upon everythtog that stanus in the way of its wULcivilization, confd not possibly be mad* permanent.—lingmotivewi'htheNonh. Idonotbelievethereare five Slates in the Union a mijority of whose courts and niaijlstrates as imperiously as overassailed, and her existence threatened, by'foreign I eople would vote for an immediate, unprepared the meaner subjects -of its rule. You say these Douncing or censuring a aystemimder which thoseor domestic foes, without coming to her aid. enuiiicipation of the Southern Slaves, if that einan- lawless outrages are perpetrated only by the mob, tbu gs are \ oaibie,—nay, under which, accorJmgimportance, and see no reason why the great cur-rent of our national prosperity should be inter-rupted, in order tu settle an ab^j'.ract point of con-atiturtansj interpretation. But I think the great Houih" on the subject of Slavery, youbody af Ihaieflec^lng portion of the people regard mand that this new idea shall be embodied in theit in a difinent light. They know that the isdue Constitution. Hitherto, to be sure, yon have the Northern bolder : —and on each of them I think Our people do nut seek to restrict Slavery in to them from stern necessity, and because they ing, less despotic, could keep the slaves in sub- is ooa 9f prineipia,—that it takes hold on the fun- sought this end by construction,—by legislation,— the North would readily agree to do what all must order to suffocate it. Their hostility to its dare not oppose them. In either case the result is jectien.on it which they carefully and intentionally exclu- ded from it. As you stated in your MoutgomeryIBI TEBklTOBlaL QUESriO.V. cipaiioD o'epended exclusively on their votes. And tbe scum and ruffianism of the community. But to your ovku excuse for them, they are necessaryof the slave- tion by measuies which must involve South- ilizrd andespecially of those which lie along em white society in disaster and ruin. ICither they approve of these acts, or they submit possible,the interests and thepoition off fence. Without assert, is im- your people them, you Slaverynearly holding'States,decrees of concede to be and substantially justlaw-aoidingthe same. are silent and They TBE CEBTAIKTT TBAT SUCH A STSTEX MOST rAH. Thfy powerless.have no voice to the Government of their own so- Nowciety.new definition of the status of a slave. In other words,'?' do not believe thst threats of Disunion, attempts at Dlsuniun, or nven the com-Mr. Libooln was a candidateof a dominant race.ble, which have changed thetuting anyYoa asserted the throughoutwou;d Indiice recognition, or any higher place, in the Federal Constitution,tbsn ithas at presenttoThey yielded truth of thes*—sod second, the legal relations of any speciea property ;— if he haditsihe Federal poetmastera changed to some of tin most eeeential elements oTfirst, the ing, in all federal and consti^uiional relations, asmade the demanda negro,—the first question that have been conceded. The Unkm is less eaaeotialnow to our nationallui tier*o, numerous and important as they hdve than from any inherent Impossibility of agreeing two asserts that his negro is his property,—b&- more confidence to their atrength, and they will no newspspera but those which echoed and re- Slates, and you muat continue to have them, fbey iwiMi.lave evaded this great central point of the on the precise pobit involved. I think it is so to cause the law of Alfb»TM« from which he earne not concede now what would never have been affirmed the abominable alander, and you lynched all symbolize power, freedom, the unchecked de'-'? :iat forms and by whose agency fugitive slaves calm the fever of passion, to open wide the door which ha relies to establish their relations. The But there still remains one grievance against I lecelved a private letter not many days ago or that they can be exposed to them and raotaim /m; e. On* cougtry must be one thing or the—and thatdid not growaccompanied byof Mr. LmooLN him- a larger scope to his aspLations and his aima. Sopublic all tbemisuoderstaDding.into from the introductiondestroyedihespeechesandiii/.< :jla;Tery, or it roust not. All our compromises into them of minor exasperations from alien causes,, each to the negro who is with him ? One of the it was then. The people are atronger and have been decisively tested. You admitted from abroad Now you have all of these thtoga to the Soothem« ucr. Out Coaaiitutlon must either thusrecog-formidable proportionsmorearises on their arrival ia, what is the relation ofgreatneaaprosperity thanself, by whichits truth or falsehood could have is it withgreat agenenes of civilizatiem.case and that the made him so. The claim therefor—e, is that he ccnctded then. present ;man at home who ventured to dispute It. velopment of boman energy, and they all point la but also the TBE KOKTBSUI DIKDRCIATIOHB OF BtaVIBT—BOW Tbe effect of all ihis may be illustrated by a single loftier hopes and endeavora. Do you suppose that t-vlsvery should exist in this place or m thst ;—by sweep away all minor points of dUrereace,--to local law of the Slate from which he comes, and on TBET Cam BI glLBSCIlt AHD SDPPUI^SKU. incident. your slaves can be abut out from these influence^t MOoU be recaptured ; into which sectional scale to a mutual knowledge of each other's real senti- man from Vermont can claim no such right, be- which you demaixl security,—siunia be thrown ; whether we should make this council board a real wish to find the path of honor equality of their condition, therefore, grows en- that they are dangerous and offensive, —that they tion In the State of Mississippi,—in which of Popular Bdnc8ti<iB,the political dfaeaaaigiiaer thethe denumiutions of from an intelligent, upright, fair-minded and ioflu- tbe same tame beasts of burden which they were Xi-t. political weight of this or that new State ments, wants and purposes, and to bring to the cause he haa no such focal law to bring. Tbe in- Slavery in the JNorltem States. Yuu complain ential gentleman,—holdtog high public sta- at the outset f Takx especially that great mgeneg«t addition to our national Territory, even at andof for both. What, safety then.Is theofout of the hi the laws of the States violate tbe which should obtain between he closed some remarks^ on the election by saying : day. Do you suppose your negroes go through sn^<r.litie ri.sk of increasing the area of Slavery. All the Nonh In this respect ?dutyM M iwuuiest ita WASMM lituinequslitycomityis, members of the samettctf j*5ui>8 have B-;«c'i lad have V^^r. uc'Ucd uaIuIii.'i>'>tl',:'.} ,lu>i> judguMU^uf^uaiuf «A«U»«trtuufcrredIt tlie theprideaua liic ^ti.ui iii- S^^^... A...:Lc:^ iinpUixu^i bo otiisi hofss and loogia(itirelyeiitsi riosed withnonewideaa and that they wound —" And VI hen 1 sav \hn t wouM retmnl desth bv n rsmnai(7P Rs t>^r o^—frcm which they come —and the real ;'questionUnion, ..>,o.:- iioUntitled Documentother of andto deliver that de- his character. journalsIt shames his)oucannot believe itwould nied and refuted it. You ignored or confiscated and the cireleitthoughts,— gives dignity andit.—to reuse the lumd to actionto i- iis true, it affords the most coo- And unless all history is false, nothing is clusive demonstration that the syrstem is doomedenoughsuppoae tlutby legisla-babii of insisting upon this recogniiion as a mat- ago Mr. GlsOSTum&'s revclatiuns of the nature of ixyfott ;—and that all the arrangements of— aocietyeveryof any state, by armed invasion from any otner tion be so amended aa tu recognize thia absolute, were abused to the purposes of oppres- to moral culture, to tbeactioa,proper to admit." Nowly to the migration or importation of Germans orofIrisiucenssofnegroes.Thereisnothmginthe is"held,"-hemightbedischargedfromhis nowstands,euihinvasionsareoffencesonly 1.Any maylanguage used by which you could determine " service" in, and by the law of the new locality against the States invaded. John Bkown and his and boid him and his posterity there a* Slaves for- you had no difficulty to predicting tWruto of such prompted either by his own interest, by his bumia- wtiicfa was meant. Yet you would scarcely pre- into which be should enter. The Cunstiiution associales were tried and executed under the laws ever,— and the Federal Govenmtent must protect a system and the utter overthrow of^e power on ity, ur nis personal sense of (^ligation, not can- tend that Germans or Iri.-hmen "imported" under pnnides, therefore, that be shall not be thus dis- of Virginia. The crime was primarily against thnt him hi so doing. which it rested. You judge of the security of all ceded at all a* a matter of right on the jiait of .tbe that permissiMi became diereby property ; yet the charged on two conditions,—(1) that this new State,—but it ought also to have been a crime 2. Any man may take a Slav* into aay StUe, foieign governments by the degree to which they slave. And the tendency of this system to ita presaaiytiao in the T>n* ease would be Just aa locality be aMther Suta, and (2) that he has " es- against the Federal Government, which exists in and hold him and his posterity as SUves there for- enlist the favor and friendly support of their sub- piactical workings is sta*dily towards greater andatrong as ia the other. caved " into it. part for the very purpose of promoting the general ever, under the pro: ection of the Federal Govern- jerts. When the welfare of the masses is consult- gieater ligur. Ibe arm uf power becomea mnaca- Fio»Sy« yon cite < he Fugitive Slave clause aacon- there iatb^ Slave-code" of the Constitution tranquillity. I would not have Congreas go so far ment ; for th* Constitution provides in express ed and their rights respected,—wherever th* lar and tieavy by betog used. The regulations fior daskapronf that slaves are property in the in- That ia tlie basis on which Slavery rests, so far as was proposed by Senator OoDOLsg last Winter, terms that no citiztn shall be deprived of his pro- supieme authority makes ihe people its allies and slaves becooie more' and more severe, as their se- teodiacnt of the Constiiuiion That clause sioiply as tlie Conatltution of the United States is con- to punith any conspiracy in one State to^entice I erty except by due process of law,—and this pro- ales, the Governmeut i* safe, b«c»ose it has dis- verity provokes open or sullen discontent. Tbain which,supportmay enjoyufaiiy —and "under the law" of which he ment, and toauthority of force, at the absolute and aiming onlypunishand comfort. Whatever be anyTerri'on/, per) aupremacyofasingle,sdhshtoteest, oftheseihinga,isthevoluntarygiftofhisuwner,against—one Slate,, ondec the Uwa thereof, escaping into more than this, it must be by virtue of some countering (till more formidable objections, would supreme law of the land, anything in the Constitu- But when the heavy hand of power is the only State laws are iwcomiog more and more commaadectaaaa'tbat -" held to service or labor in personscerned. If ^avery anywhere Implies anything awayslaves fromany other,forthis,besides en- vi»ioii like all utbtrs in the Constitutiira is to be the armed tlicae whoare liable to become its enemies. privileges accorfled to tbem beeomo lea* and lesa.aiMitkeiv'' siiaU be delivered up. They amcal'ed lockl law. If. Slavery in Georgia or Somh Ciro- involve an unwarrantable and dangeroua extension tion or laws of any State to the contrary notwitn- wcapcn used, justice —when meansthepersapa ; in what word or phrase do you find the Una ia something more thaii this, it must of Federal power into the domestic concerns of the standing. welfare and th* will of the doininant authority, indulgent becom* more and mot* object* of sa*- implicstioo that they are regarded as property f be' by force of- some law of Georgia or individual Slates. But any armed invasioo from 3. Nu slaveholding State will have any right to you know perfectly well the fate which must over- picion *Dd hoatdity. Th*y are fait to be oat tt Doedtke fut tint they are " held to service or la- Soiiih Carolina. This is all that the Federal one State, for the. purpoee of overthrowing the provide by law for ihe emancipatioa of its slaves, tsKe it. You can read the coming doom of Aus- place to the ayrtem, incwigi uon* with it* *firit bor"dak*tkeopropertyf Certainlynot,—^for Constitutionknowsaboutaala've—the(illex- lawsandcontestingthesovereigntyofanyother, wHhtheconsent>feveryowner,forthatwouldbe tiiatoVrnetiainth*characteroftheawayahe afcddangcroostoitapermanentexistaaoe. Ih* appn,aliui.a,atinora.andday-laboreraareheldto tenttowhichitgoesinrecognizinghisslave-con- oughttobesuppressedandpunishedbytheFed- adirect, unconstitutionalinterferencewiththe hcs<Btablishedthere. Youcanaeehowidtoitia grandpomttobeesuiblisbedinitsthatnjaadmaetvieeis labor,tu ask that the of free-—and do not yet theyright of property. 4;Slavesbeingthusmadepropertybyth*Con- dibe- ccm^pnpcrty. Does the fact that they are to beeralSo, al>o, should the North make full provisioanot-^TAli: togitivaa from jnstice are also, by a pre- In itspoaiUve provisions for "delivering up" the Southern State. The Constitution imposes upon—andscnted aa peraona and not as property ; they were porsibly a necessity for greater explicitness ; but ence of so formidable and horrible a form of dan- To indicate these results of the princ'ple you rei t history of the Southern States. No man flict. This is the essence of the AmericantherebyThe language is perfectly clear and unmis- takable, so far as its definition of Slavery, in i's re-authority.people msclves,shouldPiedmont, enjoytognot denounce and execratemantake a Slave intoetuoltheir Masters who aia emancipation.its practical workmg ia, that the viU of a viUtt—domestic and foieign, on the same footing aa other hearts oif their immediate neighbors. _ What fatal humanity or barbarity, ita neceaaity or its oaele**-pro| erty, and subject ouly to the same regulations delusion blinds yuu lo tbe same sad lesson, when ness,—the bare utli of ihe white is to to all be,and restrictions aa may be applied to all property it gisies at you from the pages of your own legis- CB»^« ami uudns Bt] ^uiHia^n^lfi^ /J^^ ahaAi3Uf,.frt.-IheBinfi,—withoutanyregardtothethingwilled.licly the wisdom of the leadmg feature of your the Southern Slates.Idonotsaythatthere ar*simplypiobibitiiiggrows just age,—scornfulofcivilization,obeyingonlytheim- growsoutofasingleaconi, namely,thataslaoccnly way in nhich it can ever lie removed.But w benever this is done, it must be done sole-as a measure of expediency, and not as a matterof Constitutional riijht. Nor, in'iny judgment, will One immediate practical result of this policy is, removed from all contact with the scntL-nenta,of the facts most essential to their and intelli- justgent discharge. Take the recent Presidential can-vass aa an example.for tbe Preaidency.South, that be was In favor of the abolition of slav- ery;—thatheregardedtlunegroasth*equalof niUes,musthaveswaymightsupreme willsupportedhim weredesdly hostility against tbe South,—and when dared or desired to propose that property in staves and closed theU- of a Bailtoad, and witness daily the powerjournals echoed the assertionYour whicfawithout e^rations indicate, lieingculatedthroughout a* South. Ho denial or cor-witbo-itic faMbobdT .Tod fastened npon us tke—fiir yoo wunM bavo found HortiMM'to cies which have given so great an impulse lo theopen world withto signal your —tostunnlate the moralsoil—refusedupcn your of bislife of th*is not —that <^ man,every-day—out of which itface of other eommo- in the South. The raU-w ^<fi , -^B°* MmwkiehMoteiMit ToaiarltUia that sec- thebaaiaofeoiapiii|tlia wkieh prorldaa for iheir represent itioa in Tolved the gre.t poli|tj at which. *•OoagMM. But doe* the tact thu they are rep e- ofthemalmM. B»'^w*?tl•eiMarf aake them propertr,—or implr that ihsy citadel,—tentative demoojt»atlona towarda con qulre, and which can be giv n without silrreader- Authoiftjr, wbaterer it ai^fiiefitmf Mfaet ftr' th*' rtaan, l*ctartni>.a|rikaai VMika, fafOi^'liiatary, to Ooi. Clt'e, of Ohio, yonsnd now }ou have biougbt your batteries to th-i cen- the Constitution tmpbsea,-in its letter, where that you have the riglit,1henfoi!*, to ta 1» Ih* tr*allons extsteoce, and deatructive of all friendly he nrre' alten- ed a peacefullife ;-^hatthat tU* is a Ooveuiient ofnot of .-^at it is in the hands of the tral tcwer, bnd wis are sumiiibneB to surrender.yi?qp«i'typsrnn.',' po^ble. Bad in it* spirit, wBere nothing more of that law w.th )0u. But you would not apply elatioaa between tbe Bute*. mrenpln !<<>> liv repraaaotatiTes who ouke its That question doea not admit of comptoml«. It can be accomplished. K'cry fugitive from servics the principle to any other form of propa ity.mu«t t*k* it down. Thia is tb* "slave,never saw a1 rep- must be set'tsd. The flig of Liberty ma«t still should be delivered up ;A 8ta'« TK*eomplalotlaw*mAwMdiupower,are theagents aniiniiiillllHiufperaona, and not of property. IrtiJs float from the ramparts of the CDnstitutlon, or youlaw may give you a veatad property right ia a bankany portion of Us people are —but that right would b* valid oaly wi'Ua tte diteaa*. Some tow of ;oar pabHeista are insana lent aid vnH-.n (lulous sheet which has thus*elaaaa^'ftaiB, eens'ltates an ezceptinn to this gea-«ial rtie; yoD mnkt shew ic by something in its lan-Ciiaga>«rbr Msmething ia the circumstances of ih3case wbiahiaBTea BO room (or doubt. But chclan-guage.WMia clanaa b directly ia the tee.h of yourclaiiac' Sbs xapnaanUlinn specified i^ that of But this, you aay, I* making; war lipen SlaveryNorth orWe do not make— it,irreprossllile nor invite it;— we shall nut shrink fromIand where, from vio.lei:ce, or any other Cduse for which the charter, a lottery, a rallro.d or a steamboat chsrt*r,tbe If a ment waa pfeblisbed, ciri(inally, ao far as { .of case. But yovoeek practical remedyyou clearly leaponslble, thu endeavor ia defeated, tbey geographical jurisdiction of that law. Ho law can tothai hefind* aoate warrant to the facta presented ly ant/hrdy la ar-ybody." But thepisttcaktt*r-know, muat look to tba arigin and tke oatuta of the to the Hcw-T<|rit UtrM, tbe most malsT^ .kuUJe ;—»nikumeeliaie of nei^oes, free m- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 