>fines liimself to a bald classification of fossil re-asyoo tera It "labeled todeasitdreirosg"f rr rWa ontreeoM"'«niioan«e«th»ta»couth projectioaa in the caatlngi. Thesameistrueofmouldingsaadaaaofclay forVarch,isthefirsttoiiiaaiiilai wiHimfheipiMj ahal^iliaui...*them aa dependent on the will of others, whetheriand the chisel ?—let us assume that the cheapGerm-m astron- a late number ol the Annals (Astronomische JVachrichten)as it is also the shame, of oar intellisenee.mm"Of the enemy after another, it waits Ae *iiei»*en inA grandI^'thecasting. Making patternssmooth- isoneof umelooked-lor4f^,.a prevalencekt of ITSJOO^OOO roobtes was exported be- of Sabbath breaking, a reason for urging the obli- rlan and General Assembly In 1SI8, four years after from the unequal cooling of its parts.. ,,^\. ^ i.to thestandardofmoralityitstartedurge ma-of New-York oa theing snperheated steam for motive aad otiier porpoaa*.iif^Htimi d 'eoaragedI them to buy back. Athe means our fathers pro-forgottenis devoted to a wash-room, with a supply of Cro- ton, which mnst contribute to the general health and aomfort.SCIENTIFIC INTEI>I<IGENCE.isms hitherto bronght togethergeneraliglgHfa^It; but paredwith theUecent liBc-Sclea*tlonbyOr. UarcaARof' • ' 'right.the mem- of the late Alexandxb ton Humboldt, andBaltic and AtltmticInoUcetbat Mr.Witaiai) wiUAertly raadapajer''- --^^ted. IwillrecoragrtalaMa-I "-about & reduction ofhalf per cent Consols. The same be supplied with moral weapons of all kinds, as agineSir:^Rie Wday jaaay.TemperaJiceMe not forming,state.and encouraging it, over the country.andfriends for it all A Life Member.whichin one everywhaietheIpointingobservationa••la.''f^ l*alAaa(>iBtedJalaadiii thePAIR AMP OROOCO.wa bavs lome paiticnlui nafatgninAfttea.;[iftHtnhar,»llo«% whetoak part ta tka ae-TitUMifr^tktNem-TorkTime*: out to them the way of the Lord."*fromaLifeDirector Boch, wastheThe long communicatioa then, Society aa at first formed,tion.The author, who is atUchedto the Bros-icU tMkpIaaa aJaui*eatha7ft,iawUehto makea Not in the way of reply, for toAstronomylishment of the -American Philosophical Society,._ vanons el asses of oAaa'b tiatad to have aant an Iha^artottaTaiTlaat- .distinctly before the commui^ty, and atate what isrequiredit todothick metal which retains ita heata coarserofpeace,His1852, and were at firstRios and to the ilfnUr of Grandsei o/Merges,nti that Otai. P*nt,paperIn the alar notidngnpoatheTnj_i.).i~.rfaond :come to Him to do; which it does by holding up,illaatrating, and enforcing the great laws of Chris-tian morality, aa they have ever been understood the time when Hit way. it neglected, and moral holding melted iron. The deaired quality of fine he saia, but a aeries of gropings in the dark ; but ent day to opaaly oaBdaawa ttaim FOBTVQAImsoma will yield nnder a redand this sltus- j liy fcjmtmjimTtBf. u becoming wono everylaf Janaiy, 18M. and the 1st of Jana-Mflood,againstsharpness for;-** PotteMarch 19. has recognized Hicblaxl Obbeho- rto his father, Muosoh, Prince ofmust stand. A difference ofthe bead and front of the whole business but like ;Your correspoDdeBf aays there aia Tl ._over SOO oomniaadera, according to the laitlater, imemployed. .Are they oaampltheir own &att. Sir. If so, let thea bethat list at once ^ hot let not flioae whsteered for every post of danger or aerviea of dlBeaUg'I;at least 40 anxious cares which their poverty eatalled, hara bowed their brave spirits and their stalwart fI of gold or silver coin;even this is notteta.Ika dallBSSs of tiade Is the principal caoae of leiiris. It Is calculated that silver coinneighbors and friendstheir chastity and purity, or regard the dictates ofTHE TBB.T I4ATEBT.By TeIo«rsiph to UTerpooI. ToxsDAT Evmaa, March 21, 18fiO.efficient.adoptedthose views of Christian duty which haye ever beennominations. And to do this upon one moral subject as freely and faithfully as upon an-arrangedchine-shop on Second-avenuetendency of the Stock markets to-day was''•mmim faTonble—tha slowness with which prices re- lencewhen in full operation, 250 men. One im- feature deserves mention. Tha proprietorsIt ii a Utile curioustUs late day, get their first light on this stfyaet teaThelastnumberoftheQuarterlyJournalof anEnglishengineer,whoinallpcobattOityobtllaalScietuecontainsapaperbyDr.db hisinformationfrom whichBoa.Mr.Waia- Microscopical papersBcRT, in which he proves that the tribe of organ- BBD, of Baltimore, has read before the BritlihAase-Jb^up.employ,-fneitag of distrustIn financial and commer-prevails of the church and the wuild de-of hrat, spouting with flames and coiuscations into a hollow cavity of wet sand, thecury, I'assilig rapidly acrossthesun's disc-Dialmanded.yearthan our February by about ten days-and Never was there a ju!*thistoryin need of the defence compe-la~some of the speculators for thelittle hssita-other.and are willing tothe wants of the operatives. Aunder theclation and other scientific insUtutioBS here.''bB'WfSiaeeaatoned by the telegram respecting thef-r rmi i\ofAastrla,butatthecloserenewedfirmnessci~ity cordially invites to cooperate with it.are, in fact, not vegetables,this view be ultimately established, the Zoologists will thereby receive compensation in respect of the Corallines, which the botanists have appropri- ated.iMl«t«* by Intalllgenee of an Improvement •tteFaia Booraa, coupled with a slight advanceanvaitod,men to Christ, but to teach them what is His1 jSv&Baadvaaloed.Tue demand (or Money continues and no basinets Is done below the Bank mini- There were sgabi no Bullion operations atety makes it like a successful besie^g army. yields nothing belonging to the gre^ Kingpressingover. The false convey, com- impressions, theyissue beifore the eountry, areAll that any member orhas ever said refusing to allowApproaching CoagreaeAstraDomleal DiacoTOrii Bibliography.tion a popularscientifichandbook,entitled A should(Ma Eaglai^BeaofMew-TaA.'te>-do, aad at the Bank the applicationsitsat thebe conducted tantalize somewhat different from those of theaspirations.funds eoatlnae to be unfavorably InfluencedSociety Society'swith what thecaloric, prodaewi kKato eaaatec stanutkaa mbosiaeas. Money to form a new Tract Society to be at the expense of the freight beside. But tians were to-day,principlesBritish Association, and it isannually in one of the capitals of the world.um int has liecently been laid betore the Englishcrease ofThere are several (teaaiera which hava hMKawiig,la the case of Stastoh va. The Carron Coin- The directors of the Great Western railwaypower. ,^ ^.__,and the rate at Hamburg i<iitlai3i pat ceat; at Paris In the dls> ket It Is 2\, or \ below the terms of tbe[Fiance.lUSCSLLJJIIOtre.Master of fiie Rolls will glvejudgment on Sat-of theare altogether unimportant. What the communityto be heldHouse of Commons, relative to the wantt awaliiiaisiii ;of course, form it upon such plan, and upon such principle as they pleased.this andotherthingskind, easily explained,proposedThe Humboldt Foimdation is a project set onofspace of re-Mr. Wbubbb's system of conblaad ateaa te aav- eral yeaia with great saHsfsrtioa, aad I feallni^M|Bt it has been In operation fm aoae Mma aa baaiagerecommend a dividend at tbe rate of 2 per ^Qcnt per annum, (or the half year ending Jan. 3i.T'p^'u BenU says the present demand for money Is bankera and brokers to Increase their re- liOBg-dated bnis are not now so freely taken,corded to scientific claimants of all countries.and venl thoroughly.^fCuada•1814.The out for more space.of theat; aa advance upon former terms—"the interests of vital godlinessa memorial ofgratitude, designedpromotefor fihort JMoa the rate Is 4 per cent the jolot-steck ritt'isaUng loans to brokers uiuler iJi'SiJi Bsroent Tha Herald says that yesterday the Intend- ftaPitaceof Wales to Canada, and the that ha will make a tour through the •xneiaad as inflnanoa on most of thewas formed in 1814, said,"'' ' '' 'make cietieslul 1^»of the smoothest ornamental of metal whichof that indefatigable observer of the solar^. ^^be Dcsfy A'ctm' City Article says onr Stock jiaikets to-day were subjected to a slight check, spec ^'vlatoistaUng advantage of the universal distrust of Iha grasping policy of the French Emperor, to bringThat's myto glorify CEiiur, evermaybetheedltorla^odoftheirhlolgta7..I^Velrclse inof this as is yet anonymous planetFree Negroes,"u-s as being mopt timelyThe ttat tam^Fruice, as the languor of the Bourse 1 the falling off in the discount business of the;et being 4 to 4ii per cent for the DOtaapaperIs placedat434to5waswlthdrawnfromBank" impietiesand If awygaia-to-day.£57000"growing,":;had been taken for export. All th» re- of gold are now exhausted, but more Iswas thisthe institutions of Christianity only into the hard and solid forms of strength~ JflttmOuTimea'Citj Article.I Oflaatd this morning wlthillghtly firmerbut color his observations did not convince astronomers.know, with much profit both morally aal fwUBMiy.""ncss, or silent despondence, while a flood of licen-oftaotoSlMsBaBti The loans on bllis They thought it a time, then, for the criminally pensive reduction of the raw material by the graverline of But within the Eighth-streetInfact,ments baintdelllgeBt'Mtoa dtill in the afternoon. De- men," they said,stood still in criminalsupine-say south of thelast ten years the colored population has been re-or an man, wttboat reading a-tlkf',fliarevenue payments to thetiousness hasLater, D« lato the opinion ol Eclirauthority to them sheand concentrating in a western sec- Uon of the City. Take Eighth-stoeet south, Flfty-aigtmientabetore him— withont resowlM;-iMMi of tto eatopMfi^,Wiiii ^MHavHHar.^^(feevor they began to jT«w aposna; aad br kindly, and for. window eapa, rdlingi, Ae.^^]^l«t«* ani opinion that there U nowtter oa tJMvCMa sT patiently, and perseveringly urging man to "cease their appointments, Bummer froBts, eaalaga aoll the moon. For, since the TiinrtiiM Mao bfsaerifieei mrxBt be continued.into the temptations, duties, <f<., ofeach,undertake continued ob-JZ" '" ooeapy ai«»pecunliryenteringsihla for a joomal or aa iadl^daal to ' 'total aaaoat of the gold and silver_ at Btasaat In Bnsaia does not exceed >TaiM&v..3be aepei money In drcolatloa doing it a' are some of thea5eiSIm.,mSTto7U,aM,000roables. .Jial eoadltion of the coontryls becoming eooseanaDoa oftha eeaUniiad stagnation In;Navy-pay which seems te mefnsin paying the Interest of the 'dahtjBg^d. Tbt Government Is abonttoparticularlyto corrupt God's word, and"changework,•.atdreUevafor evilIblU had been modified and the scalehaspulpitmould,reproduced on the iron casting. Many of the de-containingBxuiaisB, Saturday,telegrams to the 26th February reportr jute, Udes, wool, flax, tea and coSee are tota daty free. Twenty per cent duties are to be low- this, as a necessary part of its duty, the correc-plates. A letter from Sir Kode&ice Mckchisob' wait bnt a little and they will all have paaaed tmtf. has been received, expressing his high sense of the Then If we steadily refuse to faiereaae the Ust offn>-'CsadtolOper centAn lavasioa of Kokees had taken place in Tippe--n* ; 1|M0 parsons were murdered.^, A. lapott vras correa of treason at Indoor, the Capi-'talofBalkar.". SsahaiigeZa.IHd.Tha maBs with the above dates reached Dover on 4ha monlng of the 21st too lata for the Kangaroo.have been attained withont tnjastice and withoat aaf-diaeount market and at tiienewmat Drlng Ida own ejlg^aBaMi*laMWg( ttato- wUl considerably aUonwwlae became avall-;of elegant shapes is desirable -—what vigorous effort. "It is time," they said again, is the practical process of producmg them?,«iMfi«&"tlw imaabUacasUaiMU.«s.lrd.lasdLLASioirS-s has been received of the death of the Shahofon which he basespoUUcal mlschlevonsly upon directly and mostnrg dispatch sutes that aBpaaraDeaa are ^=^Ji?.^^yonenlagofaaylxatlOB. A minMopinion, crimiitaltupinenett (easyapologyit,not for its strength,whenmelted. In1842,house of Messrs. Jaxis L- JaCEMHwas started in Btanton-street fi>r the express pur-<»8w!n[-iiii?.'*?'J»papladallyaipectadto^ " common. JDS^!Il!SLi*i*""TM^ veryia ftom despondent griefhooses in the cross streetaami Ikewith Ukereeulta: ro«aSl mladbfjl^Inlaad,haaaldes-do-casap. Cant W.posethe Society intended has been the success andpK*•• Bjewaa,vaeconunanoerorthefoieesIntbeworkforwardthe other. Evi-lunarof this class of work. Such gieen manufacturingaald ftolaaelkil lB«geBees«ge ssow^ashUr. Kiaa«o«u;ceivingtraiafaigbest bills per centWhenwhen floods of iniquity werethatreach amongto prvpertybothtariff, the Times ra-mectablecoloredfaanlllee theowaers oracemswilUng;offioers are la— a1 yam into Indiaofthepcotactive thare- a tvodoetloBs." the in- ment that it now"^ ">'In the moon, comingground to oar —onBecond-aveaue,Twen- jQgpoBdingaaitwonldafordduty of 10 peroccupies nearly an entire blockearthly Spring,season coneapondJng to our Antumn. BlUM^redbydiMiMdiJ>|ntira wtifewiUceitatoly(jdetthrowIndiaInro^ghtUtoBsauaMoiM loaah ^pteeaat V thFeoMintaw _. la fkmnble to to do e^ aad learn to do well," in til thbga. ' ~urgingdutyexplainingOf;quadrupedsforeignspiritboth "<i—idardofmorality,that onr at eagtaena should,*"!*?eabt enpya«r e shinlag,be a'~^^^— theflnTtm,. A OBty had previouslysereena for steam-pipes for warminf tvAias, (••• BrtMUBlIi green, would notatelogyattggMt t);M comhlnatlOBS rioribrpheaomma of our;"•"txtan tkeratee takae* aa Impcrtaat range.RMwagot l»a.aaad the;shaftatonea of the brook." " Beside tractsITH£ TBACT SOCIETY.of commoning department is somethirtytons aday, whieh,Summaryof theHistory of Astronomy in theaUow an- other Life Director of that Society, who U also a1867/ nnanimoaaly declating that the time had interest It is well known that tha moulds wliich cient He dates thebrief statement•aat had MtOlbralter do this directly I have no desire ;etable took Ua stand with it, feeling that hot cal natureand of aprevents rapid melting and de- Fbahklik.of Bknjaxih8Ilesa.sant nanas or deservtaui !«• ha attaokad Is a fow dayi.chemi- terioration under Intenaa heat For heavy east-in1743,nnder theSecretaryahipAmerican Tract Society, pleasecultivation of whom — tti«y unptoy ia «m(Boston)member of the other Society, (Boeton,)come for it to publish npon Slavery, as other uponevils, this Society, behig then united with it im- mediately after adopted that resolution aa ita own,are formed to reeeive the molten metal, are com- posed of a fine sand, as free as posdble from veg-independentin the United Statea from the estab-S»t fsrtllty fortSr Itsotbeacreditto*—lOaataa had antbotixsd tke free exportation by the moat prayerful, the most intelligent and ex- evilt are growing upon ut.Uemen ; ortonsett* wnda Mjimt' lUhed prospectoa, "toclaialka-dghtti^ hadir vaill tha MOi of Jnaa.mmemplary Christians of all denominations ; strivingAs to what the landmarks of the fathers are, which it is the sacred duty of this Society to pre-of oneing and sifting, to secure ita uniformity, the aand is"allowed one evening to pass, in which the star*were—"— ]^ty^gf^bykind Christiantoobeywithoutfor retaining its shape. .After the patterns are scintillation. It seems to be an important branch aiding whatever In Diem may'tmUa at Maitae 1» dead.men tothose lawa ; and to exalt Christ, not only aa a Sa- serve, one of them is this :" with water to thenoa relaaiad itaia hli datieautterlyirlkrFonlgaAifalis. BuonsiBcsbuo,riour,eternalKing. Or,but as ain the woids of Dr. " We consider thedrawn from the moulds, the latter are lined with ol astronomical and merits a study,and with commerce, makesdifference, onlytheir rewards to labor, and aeaai theh- fault shall they he shat oat suchgenerooaaeUoB, tadVmbatpresentfessing Christians,whichevidentlyu,appealsbringtemperedright consistencycarefully observing theirandeternaliron,Palteontologic vol-Systematic Survey of should be Ina standardand shapebut permanentit liftsmake void God's law, it deems it a time to work.rangingupA prevalence of intemperance, it regards a reason;for urging the duty of temperance;andSee action of the 'toSabbath oppression," remember thethis was formed. Society; tliis is in-is to crook the tern in a contrary direction, so that the iron willitand for showing the divinely appointed method ofgationholy,"pat-postpleioceoe depos-prevalenceofverywarplead pattern is crooked and mouldedof thedisappearance and other genera ofelephant rhinoceros,bill BOW bandthelawof doing "onto others as we would that: Anditthenadded 'a casting is made, which, having the right crook to allow itsnowEurope, (and with which the flints fashioned bythethe applicationtoof commonbecause it is said there is a difference of opin-aloud that there neither is nor can be a difference that as the Trinitarian ceases to be evangelical when he makes Christ simply a man, so he ceaseswho claims theAttJkSUlway Stocks remain very strong, and have man's wife or child. This principle of the Soci- 4th inst- t? this Society are designedly passedand the latestfa, quotationsto annul the institution of marriage to make gain of anotherByifcai^qm amlj it per cent above those of yesterday.to beevangelicalrightand eternalSome references in the communication of the1fca fiaiil|lisinningsuffering."ety, they founders.'' tosubjectlortaaeecietypromoteCeatinga.groansa completeis tomental IranThose who are accustomed to observe theYonr article of ISmraday monUng last," Newspapers, vrlthost Labels," has mm*. »iea tific energy namely, in works of Natural Hrstory and plants. He is Willi ig and anxious to exhibit accoudkmr to 'some Ideas of mine aad, with yearthe conditionbear to have tliem decried,closely and critically exaaiusd.theie might be anything wronglnneuus In the doctrines ol tseir party^ or nheh Bank tend to ihow. The Stock Markets As to the time of furnishing any particular here,quiet settlingobservations seemHith- our satellite has been looked upon as merely athe ple stood morev ar by bo means weak la the soldiers of the Cross toCertainrecent astronomicaltln.e In'RepwlMJiljJila*a—er, e^Istrooglyresisttbe downward '-"y the case with liiltislicharacter, and and weapons, rallyingof Life in the Moon. dry earthy mass, without water, withoutof theand the influential of the land. Bat my objectI am;atmos- without vegetation or in-has al-am wiUIng to vote for almeat say—*yba ooosid _^_w_iOBt the teaIke T««uU of chemical t6 thoae wWeh prodooe the •arthly vegeUtion tbuttake the occasion to bring the Society at Boston only duty to God, bntIf any profess to accept and submit toological phenomena, and will be issued under theof Dr. Dr. BowniTCH and superintendence GouLD,Ow haid- family. The volume will be got up in the style of s&lDS which they have borne in the aerviea. aad tkawhenitiaevidentthat are sub- they onlyofornatescroll'andvineits onward, and taking oioe o^ost waySchoolboy'sJakbs, Director of the Geological Surveyof Ire-commercial surchargedvaluethat steamis, beeoaas, bybelagcould make it a Tract Society, or a Sabbath Tract So-Society,athe Museum atThey ciety, or a Doctrinal Tract Society.this I to have^friedbut wish toa Soci- the intention of theof itsdepartments,t- jj;only administering regardUawillLet us, then, proceed to that.theLibrary.keeper'Antiquitiesof so much Anierica.aplo thaThe original constitution of the Society, as itlUECUAMCS AND ENGINEERING.Tbe niBiiafactnre of Arcblteotnral and Oma> tion,THE PAETY PRESS. , nOuKtitertftkt WiD-YtkKmMt:o«them as neatly atlMa. upThe object of this So- and good morals." .Another article provided thator charitable society, and any as- sociation of persons for the reformation of morals and the suppression of vice, shall be supplied—rough cast iron, which ordinarily presents its un- and distant Travels." -As all countries that culti-—thus"Any reUgious;tendency. This warfare, (for the founders of the tha first suggestion ofspectacletentin this paper is to ask leave throagh youras strenuous for what I conceive tohetBepwg W jStock. any particular Bankcontinuesbrisk the didboth—Railwayterms In the Societyfurnished the weapons and led"itiated observerpractical oftlus mostbut into the finest of and durability, traceryertoin peopling it with luna denizens ; ways persisted ? Eoliebut how were they to subsist without aurcolumns to the attention of a class of readers in this City,of that party as I think any good eWxea oagaMO aa;thevan,)—theplanwere:President that the Chicago ConventnomluatioD, excepting only Sncev CaaaaaBsrat Iconfers I read the Tous, iDdepenasntaaltlB a^eo-sweeping away and the landmarkstics, and severe as it sometimes issimply to andthatIteBut as theyraising uppresent groanswith the single exception ofthe fathers," then to unitein a "common effort." "Too long have good elaborate ornamentation.the msises of them resided In the lower part of the City,of apMnMSM^athe Repoblleaiii, with |B»e>|ll.aMi,lbeen sweeping away the ins'itutions Christianity and the landmarks of the fathers."'M qaartar been larger than supine to arouse themselves and for themoving up town,judgmentfriendly and honest crtUclsms of an iiiiliniMaai'a"^ dignified joamal like the Tntas. The pmttmmjatn Is, verily, the curse of onr poliUcs, andtte taa^harsh, denunciatory and extravagant ia Its taaa, <WB are obliged mainly mendacious and eotrupt To miiB ap^t agalB«a opponent It wiU go any lengttfc Ba«ly aaoonts, wtiich cannot t>eaccordingespeelaliTrtaw^fiirkat exeept In the shape of ad-has an but it is extremely low.and Tenth-av- enue west and it will be found that great numbers of intelligent industrious and quiet colored families aregrowing impieties,weptover theminse-grate and ornamental tryof the moonhouses lower inasmuch as they are newer, and down,Crotonthe evil is feltI was much youngerto out speakofCity ranges fiom 18,000 to 25,000. Formertymeasuresand for"that they who liave slumbered amidst thesedespondent;&c. As to live in tenant houses.strengthenthethingsthatremainandarereadytoa ofthem as dried-up river-beds,thebest a tenant-house, as they are built here, la a veryundesirable residence for a family with childrpw, and imDressiaar-perfaaps there may ba aoaa tndt taSome of theaa arewaa not only time And Hungb**forbuteignBerlin.The Berlin iron has long been celebrated,some consideringmany among us. waerethe aurroundingmousterms. Theremay^JTbStSJsS^vagance of^ •'UfeSSSl^effort, therewasadifference ofas tracks left by torrents of lava,4c. -Ac.ttlatftUnadamjraotleely had a most injurious afloat <HK m», Mad wgd«Jn)eiet Wkpingi they mrgeding the onactoMMdeBCOOiajingmonntain sides present at ol the establish- months. Thence he eooclodesThera are maay smallof the sectiao to which reference is now had, thattb* fbdaam .ft ittoheaaiBBtiamaatatifittVUierriaggrovrthat a aeaaon and going at -adenUy, then,—a28 lots of vegetationcof-rtitatlona of Ohr«toiillr, -^,'gf'~*' fathora," by urging toto.i^lh WW -*«ty-eighth and Twenty-ninth streeU.architectural iroaIta produc-both thU intm««tJn«ttct receive finalUeted,»M.bj *Addr«H, UIKJ^- tion is frA WCtcAitm "«»•principally and cast forwork, buildings and frontsautheaUi^f.ji tbe commodlr t^Wrfe"the ofthe Schwab*advaacesaquiteaad tbe ingressfacts to te a eat «*orWU*» awMr;It will be its constant and prayerful endeavor, not only tothe Lords oafgot.he IknowthathtehaeppBliacekdittoayafcohurtoyfears aiaee,Admiralty, Eaglt,and subeequently to several other steaaetB, with, I learn, highly sattsfactory rasnlta.Tbe increase of power ohtaiaed \it supeiheailag steam, is by no naeans new. It was kaewa aaoly a Messrs. A & C. Black announce as in prepara- Quarter of a centoryago. WalMafoiaed awlaaen have known what has doaa la Ihaldiiac-reunion of scientific men from all 'anaiainai nf Thn praeeadlngs by which France has some decisive blow will give it the victory, and this Society to circulate its publications, papers or parts of the world is te be held in Paris during thei^eqitoeA San^. There has been no recovery from•'siiaoltaaet yastorday.'i- nvBapaa atodta axpeileneed a further reaeUoa The next point in which the community will feelIn Ihalwinsciilnn producedon all minds, as to theregardto the otherland.The programme of lectures before the Boyal In-term tteam gat,which is aa of Impore hydrogen gaa,Christ shall reign triumphal over sin and death.August and preparations are now beingstitution—with Ow«H, Fabadat, Haxlbt, —its depositories—Jtottnrat olstrust on the Con- inal object and policy of the Society. If Chris- same price that it pays for them, and in some cases The^paaraUIafa( H par cent Tha demand for Discount has In-tent asTiated bv mixing a portioa of wwas thean interest, is to know whether this orig-practicallyIt is obliged to sell them toone of scientific tsstes andJ most important and highly interesting doc-iliaaif steaawiththa tteam git, which net oaly provldaa a perfect aadaat- ural labricatiOB, bat also prodocas a eoaiirteraMa la-they would, conduct itThis would be theirand theof its contents to other quarters.urging particulardissuading from reasonings, excuses,him when men shall enjoy the ordinances of the Gospel ;raatdlyleast one leading joonial tliat has tha BU^Iaevtoevitable, and theAbbeville and Amiens, in theits, and cites the opinion of Sir C. Lyxll, that—being to a being thatcastingsex- o'thesand, as smooth aswork, right ordinary patterns.other scientific men, for the benefit of Dr. Diane'sIteppdiBdmake way for their impatient sad oRea leeswararto someteaches what is genuine rcpcnfance—including in Hecce the d^ty of the Society is imperative. Notof oltheLordmoreperfectlyhastaken place,Subject1810.practicegreatng dejection in the churchuse that fact as a reason forway, and letting the defection go on.—casting-houses the one for heavy architectural work being—"Acelephs; or Jelly Fishes."Messrs. TauBKXB & Co-, London, announce asimaginary — world," the currentof effort has set to agreatTheir nnmbers are fastjuniors. leaeeaing;(brother) and not suffer sin upon him."—Itis Thirdlystandinga stan- any departInstead of yielding to demands for si-;to hold up, illustrate and enforce,to India andKBT ScHLAGiHTWEiT. The wotk Is to be in 9 vols, quarto.Havingit maintairu it. IfUpperwith;shaft thjt David select the " smoothto them the wat a' or thi Lou> ;" and that too,teaIposItioBiDpoUtles,aadt*d wfaMwrlt wAapoiriNaftraivoluntary enslavingIt ii^ .«9«et«d that Pifaica GonsoHiKorr, JcsTiH Edwaeds, " Its object is to save menfrom of the human race by anotoer as a grots violation of charcoal dust and plumbago, to prevent the stick- meteorological obaervations."I^*^HMftoapaa^kadbaen infjtaatbaeerioiulj01. wpoldthe most precious and aacred rights of human nature be- ;ingofthesandtoand to insure theOwBN'smuchtma the Press—totally unfettered aad aalninconsistentwiihthelawof wtilchre- God,andas nessinthe totallyInecoDcllablewithtbespiritsodprinciplesofthe one, and dissuad&g them from tlie other. whatsoever ye would that men shsuld do to yon, do pattern is wrought out of clay, plaster, or wood, Edinburghsetting tuffering," "astinningfore them, of course, for this purpose, life and ouires us to love our neighbor as ourselves— Palaontology,]dated March 8to yon of the abnormal suading from any particular e»ii—the Society to leave them tlie power of moral action. It exhlDtts the first there is cast a second pattern:—till it resembles bnr- tabulation dl the heirarchy of extinct organisms,termlne, all the better—nottheRnnUnEmpirewithrespectfollowstheexamplesetitbythespiritoftheThe complete stagnationofwhetherthey theychaaed andnished silver as to smoothness— com- eaai il deamesa of produce theworshippolishedyoor comae—a also pottioathey shall receive religious instruction ;Lord. When the enemy comes in like a shall know aod the true God whether;whetlier they shall perform the duties and cherish the endear- ments of husbands and wives, parents and children,from the Protozoa or infusorial animal- cules, up to man. With respect to certain recent in tliin and elaborate and revolutionary questions in Paleontology, he forms, cools in the mould, it springs and warps, is very guarded or quite silent. He states the well-of conservative menjostieehumanity.'Presbyie- Such,' the Assembly said,known fact of the discovery of flint implements atS»^ In your issue of the 38tb' iaat there la akeepa reason for themselves with itsonly remedyinto the desirable form. Bo this tin and " thequences,'it 'notsaid, Imaglsary,from la your Washingtfm eorrespoadsBt,comments OB thetn ai;is 178x50 feet. The from a Christian practice, instead of com- held by. the most prayerful, the most intel- court-yard inclosed is 138 feet square. The whole VXg down to them, it strives to hring them ligent and exemplary Christians of all de- establishment has ost some $200,000, and vrilluponion among evangelical Christians, it proclaims vided for preserving and extending them, the Bo- large central apartment well warmed and lighted,pointsmorality,And all who sympathize in these views,portant have notsilentlyall to make multiplicationomer,goesstill further- In Astronomicalhe snnounecs having seen a speciesPrevious to 1842, all the home manufacturedandAmericaniron. Beforetheeeworkswere dio,"* They thought moreover, therefore, that it in operation such castmgs were imported fromvegetationor havecret places, should unite in a common effort tothan I aa aow,for united effort.as for inviewof orse-byarous-itsmoat bitter seetieBal aadptfitr aalaaalM• whether men M M--SS|S^d&'fcbear.__.bringwill, and in that Vay to"gave them from eternalgreat -altogether unimportantManual of Geology, bj J. Bibtx and BzAoaxaAas of France. The ofeaas^ balBgafa*officer or friend of thisIwishes to know presume is.and what is it doing? -AndWhat is thedesirabilityAddress,cries Prof. Ow«N, Superintendent of the Natural History Departments, the eminent palsBontologist of whom we have spoken above, that he has no space for the exhibition of his saurians and mastodons, his loisil birds, fishesatoa initoaar rRAH*Ultthoiisomidegreesorcantradietea,<rt^seMr. WsTszBD introduced thebut animals. Should heated steam into England some fiour or five yeais: otherwise, so far as I have heard, is this That itdestroys the nibbing parts of machinery.Mr. WxTHBBS stahBd ia his paoer, read batgra thahas raised its price to this Society to such an ex-comingBritish and American savans- It willonto take them outGod has been manifestly with it slstainingifpossible,._ ^ ^, keforc the Institution of Civil JSaglaaars,and cooling of the livid mass into the most delicate indentations of the mould, is notof this country when we as a peo-theirdoesn't seem to have ever entered their BltBOB. ,_.totheunin- Yet the fact is, science has reduced the mouldingto a new chapter proveNow, politically,a stnmgrigidandunpromisingmetal, not phere,consequentlywhom your journal largely ownert.theone of wonder ?Without discussing the singularly enough moot- ed question—does the quality of outline and coruititute architectural and decorative elegance, or must these be the result of the costly and ex-thought the moon reallyatmosphere;I cannot see how one can ba a good OUNicastings used in this coun- were made in Peekskill, from mixtures of for-!that eachwiththere itmuch misapprehension. has detired to be alone, but becanse it could not The fine sand which woald alone form a smooth Mr. Charles of Dtnr«rB,The appropriate work ot the Society is two-fold. abandon its vital, working principle ; via.: that of mold for fins castings, woald melt and yield la who communicates athetwiritling of the atare—Cysanau, Jaclaring that he its appropriate work. A few words will remove has felt obliged to stand, alone; not becanse it variety of sand, which will not easily melt Is used. been a subject for sentimest rather than icience.to lead men to Christ a ;however upon which it is not now necessary to dwell. Sec-Firstpoint ToteachthenwhatChrittwithe*thosewho truth; "various uader heat leaving ua- places prolongedfor the betterthe Stara," to fhe London Philosophical MagazineWaaraaPaiuin ia Us:dutiet andparticular evils, by specific applications of divineBrooklya VnOm/^Ti— yooredltatlalthanoa: te OMaght oecoiiea la^consistencyso. AnditseU.— inga—phenomenoaandoutin the form of brick :heat, while othera will retain their form wlulaeervatiooa on this phenomenon.but for ita extreme fluiditylocalitiesgertopresent;poUUeal SimilarcansasarealSatweAteoaraeoa^*^Untitled Document;or awhether ihev shall prtserre use. Whenof Slavery—conse-but which conaeet existence.'It is manifestly the duty of all Christians who enjoy the light of the preaeat day, when the inconsistency of Slavery both with the dic-eontequencespart*' >'* narrow. Your eonaspeadeat laja ttat the feva ab. tnHla,«Uek has bean In a most deplora- they should do to us ;" and so on, through the tates of humanity and religion iias been demonstrated, reproductions to shrink straight is polished and human hands were associated,) implies a vast staole to the biU Is the anaber of CaptiteB aat C«M.____jidBnagthalastttreeyears. ThereIs andisgeneraltfseenawiaeliwnoledged,tousehonest manders ataMi~ 'ti^fialrtfu ^'M'ff oar official financiers, and whole catalogue of moral duties and moral evils. earnest, and unwearied endeavors to correct the finished, and is the standard pattern with all theso lapse of ages, separating the era in which the fos- would wbheo,benefitperdesentItsperiomlag aa aniMbaor 0«TenBeBt mustoontract a foreign If any evil shows itself to be more than ordina- errors of former times, and as speedily as possible to operations. The pattern of so small an article aa aMBS, aad Ibatthe amonat cannot be leu with efface this blot on our holy religion, and to obtaxh Tax in a costs some Mea. The oirenlatton of sac* a rily formidable, if it is fraught especial injury ooHFLtTX ABorrnoH of Slavery throughout Clirlsten- Summer front grateyet Dy ptovUoaa wUh sil implements were framed and that of the inva- " eqaaUymitting himself to any definite utterance.With to Dabwin's remarkable respectof tha conntrr exclasively can IkcfliAa the opaiatlaas of iae Minister of Fl-to the cause of Christ and Christian liberty, anddom and throughout the world.' "Now, the moment there began to be$66.There are varieties and mixtures of very soft iron which runs almost like water when melted ; it is not strong, and fortunately strength is not requir-the but the Lieutenants, whom ha calls tts laal aiaHia* mon of Gaul by Bomans ;" avoids com- In the service. Is yoor conespoadaat Igaoiiai, Hi^if it creeps into the Church and beginsafrom that sentiment, and from the line of actionhe is more guarded than the Nkw-Yobk Tius re-that these Captains aad Commanlers Iwva I tenaau; DoeahewHIoowaat aasator f had to straggle agaiast greaterpuU goodamaal to rrtratn spacniatorsto work the and evil for good," thus claiming the divine sanc- there pointed out, that moment the daty of this ed, but shape only. Thia hron is just the opposite viewer. He regards the origin of species aa still sBallerpaythaa the present corps of UmtimmMitSSmraed lathe districta lately ceded by tion for itself, the Society regards it with uncom- That was the of CUu to tha Emperor of Russia. Tha Society t)egan.ofon inand qualities to the chilling car "a matter ofand that the They have done thafr work, and done it lUflili^r ;dutyMBt «( the qnantl^r of gold to be oo- itself by making unholy alliances with politics, the sentiment of the North and South. latter runs sluggishly, and is, when chilled, asspeculation,"platformwlU offer advantageous terms, not so promising opposition. The fact that it strengthens which fhe Society was formed. That was then wheel iron described on a former occasion. The observation of the effects of any hypothetical theyaa to aneowage OBlcnulon to that fertile 'country,Southern slaveholders sat in that body, and repre-transmutingspecies into another, has not yet been recorded.tothecoavicttoBthat they hara bsaa i1|»m<Ij fi" Is BOW a eoBiaete desert* BESTIA.nothat is regarded as an additional reason for greaterdiligence and perseverance.Such are the object and policy of the Society as'wmmmm ^^mc*<«Vi.'fp^-:'^fflustrations of elaboratemew, No. IS,) compound Irondoon, sky-lights, ic.ed to various situations and conditions—entering," ducliotJs are extremely elaborate, light and toire de FAstronomie mu Blots thia,They especially recommended, moreover, thatthe means' be adapted to the endItih- tfb The capadty of tha cast-polishedconcern, there should be some," they said, " adapt considering the fact that the majority of the pro- United States of America, {Freds de rHirUnis.) Sach Okjaeta aad Parpoaea of th» Boatoa Trae they further said, " hito the reasoninga, excuses, is not inconsiderable. So much as to the history is the Utlo of a neat volume hy M. Mailly, Saeloty. temptations, (<uties, Ac, 4c., of each, and pointing of a leading estabiishmeat In this line of produc- ia which much valuable information is given.Now.Sr.adttor.itb of soBM of onr wealthy pi tMeagatitttatmnimmAnexaminationof»he and processesoperations sels Observatory, showscommand of of hoaasa,two aad t'fallof the (New-York) American Tract Society, iajyonr and such its management. Consequehtly, when at the tonndry of Hessia. J. L. Jaokioi A Bao.. original eoureea aa to all that is recent and has have keea yaeatad tf „extra of the 4th inst, having caUed attention to thethe in New-Yoric pasaed a resolution In aoggeats to us the following particulars of general taken tmstworthy guides as to wiiat ia more an- ^red,eadwhe hs*a n««ind Spciety 'Ul they not eztndtatfe*(combuatibte) subetances,as to iron, especiallyrightindependent of party.SALUBuar, Conn., Mareh XT, ISSO,PAY OFNAVAi OPnCBKS. Ts the Xaur sflkt ITat-Tark tSau* :W. i. X,-foot in Berlin, to perpetuate, orythe ever-ready and energetic aid whichforma inbeams, ehatteit,appearancewhite as silver ; the former is a dull black, lead, orsays hare borae the bordea aadinfluences in any known now in the eventtde, vfhrn flieir •arglanrs waka aaNow the selectioaaction was unanimous. There, then, the Society aad mixtures of iron, and of sand to cast it in, ia aims of human fancy, unchecked and unguided fortunate snccasiors aloae reap thesented the Southern churches there and ;of the chanceby observed facts, shows how widely they haveever from the centre of truth." glanced away goldA volume of interest to the naturalist and greatadministered.Firtt—Uia impartial. It urges all moral du- it must regard not as a reason for silence, but for ing steel, and other operations, in which facility isties and dissuades from all moral evils alike ; orrather, as the importance of each demands. It that this great landmark is being swept away. comes to the help of the Lord against the mighty It is a well-known fact, that instead of " usingentitely the result of long practice, it cannot be de-scribed. Its results, however, all the more admira- LiTTLK, Bbowk & Co., Boston. It will contain —who are wearying every influential friend wHh i*- ble to popular appreciation because decided in that photo-lithographic plates of the fossil footprints tttiocM that this uifluenee may be exerted ta piuuaiaspeaking.For the difference is itself on evidencegeologist is preparing for publication by Measrs-been almost obliterated the ;at the rate and was the strongAoASSlz'8 " Contributions,"thatopinion among pro-past experienceat such a time would be suicidal to itstion of any grave error ; as for instance, if any whole object. And not to do it because there ia a them are patented ; all of them are got up in the their publication.to speaksignsthere nowdriving a locomotive, tempering a knife-blade, mak-yetprofess repentance, and yet, in consequence of a difference of opinion among professed Christians, establishment. The third volume of AOASSiz's Contributions to false education or peculiar temptations, live in the would bo not only to admit the fact that an alarm- The size of the works has been already men- the Natural History of the United Slates, willferlng.Nxnaxi a Captaib bob a Cobxabsbb. SUPERHEATED STEAM.sins, it teaches them the waysas saith the Scripture> "^Thou Shalt in any wise rebuke thy neighborbut to tioned. Its chief divisions are twosoon be issued Littlk, Bbown & Co. byMatch LosDOS, Friday, 16,g:iay color, and quite brittle." And," adds be, *"for them honorable employment—thoee alaiw gtf^ were all clcaed, and an income tax and as well as against the weak. honest, earnest and unwearied endeavors to cor mysterious laboratory, the experienced eye of an found in the Connecticut River sandstone. This feselonal lives will fdmlsh a thoosaad arMaDeaa itfII paper currency announced. The income tax Secondly—It is faithful, both to truth and to rect tbe errors of former times," and strivmg " as old founder, instead of being the straightforward work was commenced by the late Dr. Deane, of energy and tmeelfish devotloB to ttaiir waalij sf"isnbetpar cent on Incomes of from i;20toi;$0, souls. It teaches Christ as He is set forth ia theaad above that 4 per cent- "tapnilentalterationsaretobemadeinthetariff.Tke doty oa twlit and yam is to be raised to 10 persaltpetre la to be subject to a duty of 2 ru- araaDad of 82 pounds.as to efface the blot from our work of chemical tests—its results are certainly Greenfield, Mass-, the first observer of these geo- heroic daring aad diaclpUaed snhmlwlna ta nwiiBia-speedilyholy religion, and obtain the complete emancipa- tion of slaves throughout the country and thepossiblepraiseworthy- We have seen at this establishmentted authorities—let not such men, while (hey have still the power to do, and the win to dan, tod " selves reguded aa idle drones, or atfda laBible.Christ,mittinghas no abhorence of some of their besetting sinsit teaches them the fr«e Christ, in his purity, andin His kingly right to the fullest obedience. It South is not allowed even to call attention to it. metal, that the grain of the wood was accuratelyout In tent the other way- This land-mark of the fathers cases where a wooden pattern was used, so accu- and so fluid theout of theThe policy of the Society, therefore, is to yield one for light work is 168x90 feet. Both are wel'tke Neyr-Ym-kTmut:I observe by an article in your paper that a Mr-nothingHcbuas and BOB- engineers Asia, by theofsobjsot anploy-It is therefore our desire," say the promoters," establish a fund, called the Humboldt Foanda-to scientific talent wherever it appears, in all those branches in which Hukboldt developed his scien-will contribute, the Foundation bidsBaUotd had an tntervlew with with tracts at cost," showing that while it was meats and machinery, can scarcely imagine that fair to start with the materiab for a high degree stage of its eiiatence. The keepers of the other The Bine-tenths of newspaper readers (aad Mr.yestaiday, to ask for a second BtfeauMd.to ^Mae Lord Joaa Ruisau,HB>>toQaeeaawira. LoiiKBi, Thursday, March 22.not intended to make the Society a temperance Society, nor a Sabbath Society, nor an Anti-Slav- ery Society, it was intended by the founders toof usefulness.The intra-Bereurial planet predicted by Ll Vks-and theprob-WisBEU. PnoLiPS appears to be among the namber)both with these and other so- to make it join hands with them, and go forth to fight the battles of the Lord with them. It was intended that the Society should become a kind of spiritual armory, whence Christians shouldanticipated byZurich,spots, shows that it has beenai.d even of every paragrapn,papv,it a;co-laborer,WOKD8 FK03I THE PBOPIiE."eoBth sufbce in tbe more familiar forms of imple- the same raw material, by, snbstantially the samecan be moulded into the sharp, full andvatethe condition of the Departments are equally clamorous,in everyand them to your readers. presentsci^ceexhibitingplanetproceas,delicate outlinesscrolls and figuras—the elaboratioain olden time were illustrations of high art, chieflybecausetheywerethecostlyandprolongedwork timeswithinthepasthundredyears,byobserversof the artificer's chisel and graver. When wc im- in iJiftercnt parts of Europe, who all de.'<crilie a 2b the Editor <if the JVrto- York Timetseena furnace full of melted iron at three distinct circular spot, apparentlya dozenas large as Mer-TENANT HOUSES FOR COLOnED PEOPLE. LETTERFBOMDR,PE^^•I^GT05.or Fobbit,orBBBBBiii'eraAa-EIEB, was not only discoveredsooner than wasDr.Lkbcabbadlt,butWolf,oftheirfavoriteidea «!BBtly !"—and they proeeed ifeaandhabitants. The popular imagination, indeed,circulates. Irefer You are aware that the colored population of thishad an Bit* and others addedatmosphere,Herr ScHWABE, a distingtiishedthird-street north. Sixth-avenue east,Here is the factTboee houses are a decided improvementnpoa old»_{•*{>> and the Doople re-act upon It I well reasaoeriaan the moonhis conclusionnumerous striped Unes Ike so many furrows.the surfaceThese had been explained in variety ways-tlffie.whawater Is introduced into them. Bat at SSelr^ociatandvlUaai,orothersinffaences are and egress to tiiem it besetre-wonld were gladly occupytolet or lease to them,to their theatre^uce isaproveUiepoliticalpapersosfM^ e:presentsPemoe»«tM DiS«rat and cut-throat were^toayaa^ syaegrother solution. ftBsothsbcordingtohim.theridgesthatnmdowntheloftiercertain seasons .a color, which they lose at the end of a fewthat there exiaU1of Saraae Parto-;perhapshe ac-system wIU be brought before a mostThe shorteramThecalled by astronsmera *etnftUa(<oi>—haa hithertotrntfuaSS '•''•otilySwitaerlaad, called " Instrtictiona Observation of the Scintillation ofINDEPENDKMT JOUKNAUgM. tUMtUtr^mtirmfTrnkaimm:eommiBnced atsand b found near -Albany. .After careful work- sb>ce 1863 down to the present time, he has never therl(tit ink<mcrloaad,lapiBBtiaal 1everythingpertainingtothe| riOalatetatBerlin,wu^okenofashlisnc- good,anddeathandevil,"andpersuadingthemto theGospelofChristwhichenjoinsthat'allthings themostdifficultprocessesinvolved. Thefirst ExtinctAnimalsandtheirGeologicalRelations. —nocnrryinirb,ntnofawningtothepowersthatlie:latter has been received from As to the time for doing this—that is, ye even so to them.' Slavery creates a paradox in of which the latter would warp, and neither It is not as we anticipated, of high theoretical As an Individual, I care not to know tlvs polities of the moral system—it exhibits rational, accountable"I have be- for urging to any particular duty, or dis- and immortal twinge in such circumstances as searcely would stand as permanent pattema. From value, as he avoids all general questions, and con- my paper nail I peraie It and then. If nnable to te-jviaible,andof the pohUc good, and oaadai^„ place among everything In aU ol them whichor disaster to the coantry at targe.". Now, Sir, this to my Bli>d Is tts; .A.& C. Black—has just reached us. respectftilly, feaileasly doing Its dn^, towai^ aft names and all measures.Morgeainit to eoiae te ofamixtureoftinandleadwhichiamains.Bntthereisintrinsicpoetryinthemere Restasfnred,Heana,Ediion,Oatyonhavealttaaand influential of fiie poitloa: name of Hyzogastric fimgi, are not fiingi theyof applicatioo snper-andof hands. made to assemble a great number of Continental, TTKDALi among the lecturers is well fitted to British Association, that this dlficalty he eatlrely ob-BritishMuseum,changingfor ornamental work are very fine ; some of value of these scientific data, and his anxiety for motlons totheteraaks beytnid the auiabar aeta^ required for service, the economical ends deaired wm160x50 feet, and facing Twsnty-ninth-streettheasto andconveniences. The light;Jb tkt EUtsr ^forthcoming, the Results of a Scientific Mission JoHH H. Cbdbchill, of England, has beea iiiill|lits«lBgin tliemoving portionIt strikingly pictures the state of plethora under Adriatic,abilitySouth Kensington.seeking homes,yet theyseries of r'storationsof allthesepennlsslan, I will dressis that erections will be made at adequate'never read anything, if theyinodloua withaUsortsofaaaoyaaces.of thestrike many of the InteUigent amongThe views you give in your paper iOth of March, under the capUon of:oldaeelag <Sl^S^i,riiS!BirastdeaeM toYoois No.349WBtT«iRi-olnauioBatelyof mltso dry a nature that for want of proper ItHrictisn Itcan avoid it that does not coincide exactly with their own views. They want to be able te say at the doae of every aitiele,notiaaiand propped ap, and toned over, and lat ta mwtayrejoice to havetheirlapaitad,preeoacelved"TheSouthand pleasantandattractivelightpoatfble,batthreyeaaotme eommmftty with yea Sanwho rejoiee that we faava atika laiiaasahaatoftiHdar>aB<pertyieren*- -tva,dMir.ec haw been soaatoMhlallaB, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com./::i:^ MM 