 •r ti:4oan.;It t t h e >eedy workmaive leats.bad seen in the. newspapers of Maine.lempU have been or are being made by any peraoXconnectod the whole of that story is an erviare fabrication, made - The municipal election to-day passed off without any A. Scott Sloan WMthe notoiuee of the ConTantioa-fer CWefvF . FrUby. Alternate*—A. W . Paine and Auguat FotU.ad-rite* tUe"ion.%,of»*aot we>r.ng out id*LATESTRECEIVED BYSteamboat T&*p\**to*to% "BAfrortj tMl Tuesday, March 6, I860.lfled 0 im>pal J cot rH© to | a m lone*I—all batttfr-no rgbt leardllefLiers* w o layto >aldPo-lever he-arttie* hasfcyor Iher. pad k athe ;t«l i«- ixret Stysr. He &'lie* ruh- caa •«'a, |Ke-- de-ioea thaa .equal its the tph oaThat xlin- tbeiws: *rof sea-abl©fipo-« of iHa- it Isthe >pe, !ansdrit- ITne Tavy >i a rcite andI'facfc as aa has wa* tves Un-as andes- Irdoflb*i<* [•ding forthat onl/was it a no> t'jd alatter srly th* 2 we> dockhasfc&we •Mr. SAULSBTJRY (Dem., Del.) said the questions the resolutions came up he should move to amend them- jectto that resolution, but it seems to me that nherea- tion.^ The.primary object of Mr. Covode in offering -tednced from 50to 40per-cent. For the next $2,000 \ were in the usual form propounded in,the Courts of in thierespect. /• • • • ' . :olution might goto the Committee raised yesterday, if his resolution yesterday was tx>inquire into the appli-thecommissions are.reduced from 40 to 30 per /law. Mr.FITCH(Dem.,Ind.) replied. Hethoughtthe- thegentlemanfromNewvYork willconsent. I then ancesbyMr.BuchananaadhieCabinettocarrythrough'H.-•_•.Mr. FRENCH -Tvhat waa not the question'to which. I rose..•called for.THE CONTESTED SEAT CASES.The Committee on Elections heard Mr. Howard this morning in reply to Mr. Cooper's request for time to take testimony after the expiration of fifteenwas thns in danger. It had been driven out oi nearly all the Territories except New-Mexico. But when he came here and claimed protection, he was told he had no right to ask it. He referred to the argument that a remedy could be found in the common law, as advo- cated by the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Fitch). He said he had the greatest respect for his friend from Indiana, and had great respect for him as a physician, but not so much as an expounder of the common law.••expelled from Kentucky.Mr. KILG ORE moved to postpone the election untila memorial, alleging that the Princeton and Trenton " to'another fine. * . Railroadbill,whichpassedtheHouse,isaninfringe-*...—The Nantucket Inquirer sajs the Missw Phebe Newhegin, who died in that town on Thursday***, «**••the time of Miramon's attack, and personally super- that they will not get the support of Conservativeintending instructions which were designed at first Democrats. There was a day when he had a respect for the word conservative, but now a Conservative nadvessel in port. ." desire, and I yet desire,thav. it should go to the Commit The bill was passed. tee raised on yesterday. That ia the proper place for Mr, JOHN COCHRANE from the Committee it, but I didn't intend to object to tho resolution, eVenEugene Troxell of Easton, iojured about the and legs slightly. '.••'certified copy of the Kansas Constitution, received the benefit of both wh^te and blaok men, then it was at the head pf whichvwill be the gentlesa^a from Penn- tion into them to be made. I want it. All I ask is falls ahOveher^; she bursther friter, tearfag^he boat-;JEngland, New-York, and fourteen other States, in- stead of $1,000. It also repeals the proviso adopt- ed in 1854, which authorized the Postmaster-Gen- eral to allow increased compensat'on to Postmas- ters, and bis commissions, and requires him to cur-privilege would be allowed him.Mr. HALE withdrew his amendment.Tho resolution was then adopted by Yeas 49, Nays 6. The Nays were Messrs. Bingham, Durkee, Hale,Sumner, Wade, and Wilkinson.On motion of Mr. MASON, it was ordered that Mr.Hyatt be remanded into the custody of the Sergeant-the members of both Houses of Congress to visit case. ;. , :• ;-,...... ,: j .•Mount Vernon to-morrow. He moved that the Senate Mr. FLORENCE—Tnis is the third Committee of meet to-morrow at 12 o'clck, so as to adjourn early. ,. Investigation ordered by this Houee. The Chairmanperfect farce^ As Chairman or the Committee on Public Expenditures, I shall insist on economy. I aek Mr. Board to consent that Ida resolution shall be referred to the Special Committee ordered yesterday. If Mr. Covode and his friends intend parceling out twenty different subjects to as many committees, then retrenchment and reform is not advocated by the Re-ipublican side. Iintend notOnlyto actwithtbemin oxpoeing corruptions where they exist, but to keep down the erroneous expenditures of the Government • They must look out, or they would get the laugh on them for raising unnecessary Committees.. Mr. HINDMAN (Dem., Ark,)—I ask the gentieman from New-York to withdraw the demand for the.pre- vious question, to enable, me to offer an amendment which i will ask to read for information.Mr, HOARD—I decline to yield;BIr. HINDMAN—Read it for information.Mr. HOARD—I do not yield. I insist on the pre-;Por* Jervis. •• ' . iAt l l o'clock the steamer started, and ma flaHber w a yup the river sgainst a swift current, havini^-on board about a hundred men. At tho bridge she st« >pped,whea a number got off, leaving about forty persoi \*onbeard. The steamer then continued her trip up tho river; and arriving at the Palls, a short distance above the bridge, she was moored for a short time. When, all was ready to start again, the boiler exploded whth » terrible crash, i'ue pieces flyingkt every direction, ax vdtiie boatbecoming in an instai t a complete wreck.Some of the passengers were thrown rift y feet into.THE HOMESTEAD BILL.Ll l«fc.-.-«*>T*» I WO— u 1iiiwXXX^ITH GQNGrK^S. FIRST SESSION.•*»<*»M.FromWashington.topieces,andthrowingthepaase'Og®TMinto?tfearriver. It is suppo«cd that some twenty pe.'eo^are injured se- verely, and many are reported killed. , ^Amoagthe killed are Joseph Weav or, Geo. Smith,Special Diapatch to The N. T. Tribune.WASHIKGTOST, Tuesday, March 6,1860.j•Xcent$over$2,400perquarter,from15percentto 12^; on letters at distributing offices, 10 per centMr.HALEsaidthatwasthemistake,toactasthough cemmon law quite sufficient forthe protectionof shallhavenoobjection,asthegroundwascoveredby thelastsessionofCongresatheLecomptonConstitution.this was a Court of plenary powers. Slavery. It grew rrp under that protection and existed the resolution offered yesterday bythe gentleman fromMr. HALE moved, in addition, that the Sergeant-at- Atros allow him full opportunity to -consult with ccnnsel.WM. SHARP,jr.,ofBelvidere.VAL. ScHOotET of fiaston.The following are the names of somtfetf'\th«!ojttred:Jno. Smith of Belvidere; thigh brokwaj .m.« head cut* Solomon Mclntire, badly. .••inftead of 12.«nd makes- the maximum of their salary $900 perannum, which is the present maximum in New- Mr. MASON thought this was unnecessary. Theadequate he would vote for additional legislation.The subject was then postponed. ,Mr. FITCH called attention to a communicatidn can the; two come in «onflict ? I will give way and the subject to a newSelect Committee. This creating'I t curtails the Unmoor of route agents,that ihe ground is^ covered by that resolution, where tion should be examined into,-I cannot vote to send-aVArms, and be given until2o'clockFridaynextto tail the amount now allowed for clerks in Post- answer the questions propounded.Offices, which has increased from $225,000 in 1848 Mr. WILSON (Rep., Mass.) introduced a resolutionto $1,000,000. The Commrt'^e estimate this bill instructing the Committee on the Militia to consider1wfll save nearly a half million of dollars annually, without hnpairing the efficiency of the service.THE PENNSYLVANIA DELEGATION AT CHARLES-TON.T h e Pennsylvania delegation will go to•con unpledged, with a preference for Breckinridge. There are a few Douglas men, but without power to control in any contingency. The Administration<can neither.direct nor transfer delegations.* THE CASE OF MR. HYATT.the expediency of transfer ringthe control of the In- dians Iromtho Interior to the W a r Department.Various reports and bills of no general interest were introduced.The Military Academy bill was taken up, and on mo- tion, its reference to the Committee on Military Affairs was reconsidered.On motion of Mr. BROWN (Dem., Mis*.), the un- finished business of yesterday was postponed, and his resolution relative to the Territories called up.After the reading of the resolutions, Mr. BROWN commenced as follows: I hold,.first, that a slave is pronerty under the Constitution of the United States. Secondly,thattheownerhasthesamerighttotakehiminto the common territory of the United States, andheard irrm the President or Secretary of War.Mr. WIGFALL said the information he had of and made charges of corruption against the Adminis-Chailes-affairs on the Rio Grande was nndoubted. tration. The gentleman from-New-York asks for an. Mr. TOOMBS (Dem., Ga.) thought the Governor of investigation, and he ought to have it, and it oughtritory. Thirdly, if tinder the Constitution the owner has •to Mr. Mason's resolutions, withdrew very calmly, a rignt to take his slave property to the territory, then 4o reappear on Friday, when his protest will be he is entitled to protection, or else the right to go there would be null. I insist that the 'power of the Territo- made. Of course, the Senate will order him to an- rial Legislature should afford him protection, and this swer the questions of the Committee; and they failing, I insist it is the duty of Congress to give •will discover, after he has answered, what a farce this protection. But here com68 the rub. Is Congress, under any circumstances, bound to afford protection for slave property ? I insistThe question was then taken on the motion to take up the bill, and it was carried, by Yeas 27; Nays 17.Mr. DOOLITTLE (Rep., Wis,) moved to adjourn.Agreed to. Adjourned. "••»HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.Mr. SCHW ARTZ (A. L.Dem., Pa.)asked, but failed to obtain, leave to introduce a resolution instructingthose ought not to he consigned to a Committee raisedfor the purpose of investigating, misconduct in theCustom Houses, or charges against a Public Printer.I hope the resolution will be passed unanimously, and highest pitch, asked whether his Republican friends heart feel sad. The physicians of the borough hastened a Committee raised^ and these charges investigated'theyhaveperformed.theCommitteeon"mileagetoinquireintotheexpedien-. theDemocraticside.]cy of restoring the compensation of Congressmen to, Mr. HOUSTON—I desire to—[Cries of "Order,"_ .; JULLED. ._;•;•"• '"•"•• K H J t B D . ' < h SAMUEZ.YATESof Easton.%>j*m.AWft>yTHE REMOVAL OF TROOPS FROM UTAH.T h e army orders for the removal of troops from Utah, have been prepared several days, but are not •»% •examined or signed by the Secretary, owing to athat, if slaves are property under the Constitu* tion, then they are entitled? to the same protection as any other kind of property. The obligations imposed by" the Constitution are imposed upon Congress, and Congress transfers these obbgations to one of its crea- tures, but cannot thus transfer or discard the obliga- tions imposed by the Constitution. 1£he was rignt, therefore, in assuming that slaves are property, then he was right in the assumption that it should lie pro- tected. He was told the resolutions could not be passed,what it was formerly, and into the expediency of regu- lating and reducingmileage. • 'and '' Previous question.''] The gentleman from North Carolina has made a very warm speech, appealing to his side of the House to make no objection, as ifGEORGE SMITH of Easton.JOSEPH WEA VER of Easton.RICHARD HOI.COMB of Belvidere.J. SHAEFF (Engineer) of Easton. GEORGE SHAEFF of Easton.EDWART> MCINTTRE (colored) of Easton. STEW ART BEA TTT of Easton..press of business. They may be to-morrow.THE RETURN OF MR. M'LANE.given, for the protection of female passengers on board emigrant ships.Mr. JOHN COCHRANE (Ad. Dem.,N. Y.) offered two amendments, which were agreed to, providing that a process be, issued against offenders intl*e En- clish, French, or German language, and that suit bewholly unnecessary. , I don't understand any member on this side of the House has ever intimated a desire to mske objection to the introduction of that resolu- tion, and I "don't like the speech of the gentleman from North Carolina to go to the country, from which an inference may be drawn that I or any individualthe documents is a letter from Gov. Houston, datedAustin, February 15, adeYesged to the Secretary of ceived any protection whatever. Thousands of slaves; ALBANT, Tuesday, March 6, ISf<- The Committee on Cities and VillageB hold a m> ,'thiCWar, in which he says that he deplores the situation of Texas,-with an empty treasury, her unexampled Indian tronbles for the last ten years, and the forays-of Mexico on her southern border, and asks m thename of humanity if the Federal arm shall not be speedily raided and extended in behalf of her suiierirjg frontier. Should this not be done, he say* he will, in a Short time, be compelled to resort to the indefeasible right of self-defense, to protect the border,, not only to defeat the enemy, but" to prevent the recurrence ofsimilar disorders on the frontiers. Texas can, and will, if applied to, in thirty days, be able to mnster in the field 10,000 men who are anxiou3, embarrassed as her finances are, to make reclamations npon Mexico for ail her wrongs. Can she hope for aid from the Federal Government 1 She will, in addition to her manifest forbearance, venture ye; to defer to the action of theFederal Governmet.The Secretary of War, In his letter to the Presidentof March 5, gives a synopsis of all the recent trans- actions on the Rio Grande. Nothing, he say*, can ex- ceed the contrariety of opinion in relation to them amorg those having the best opportnoity to in- form themselves. The call of Gov. Houston is thewere carried to Canada by the Underground Railroad. Suppose they should take sheep and horses from the Free States, the Government would be appealed^ to to cease receiving the stolen goods of the Lnited States. But the property of the South was thus stolen lo the amount of miilions. Yet no notice was taken of it. If he had his way, the sun should not go down before he would file a notice with the British Minister, that unless Canada yielded up the stolen negroes, just as she would be compelled to yield up the stolen horsesand sheep, this Government would use all legal means to lorce hor to do so, and if that remedy was not snfticient then this Government would declare war. But h-s complaint was unheeded, while the other would be listened to. He was told he wa3 violating the party doctrine of non-intervention. That doctrine was agreed to as applying to a particular case, and he himself had never agreed to this doctrine.Mr. Brown then read extracts from former speeches to show that he had al wavs held the same opinion on this question. The Senator from Illinois (Mr. Doug- laf) had brought in a- new version of this doctrine. Mr. Doajlas had asserted that at the time of the pas- sage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, the Democracy were unanimous in their indorsement of the doctrine.in the Assembly Chamber to-morrow, to hear Alis- on tie sanitary ode for New York and Jb&ukipia.'•' 9 v$^: •-•- '.*i•>••<.,•; Texas for any assistance in these disturbances from He never bad vielded the point, that Congress wasMr. HOUSTON said every man but the gentlemancomputed .by a straight geographical line, was from Indiana understood him as referring, to-the entire- Convention adjourned.BOSTON, Tuesday, March 6, f&6& The bark Imaum, at Salem, from St. Holoru Jan- 24, reports the arrival there of the British «e**aerTriton, with a Spanish slaver, with 600 negwes op board.The Prince Aloert Outward «^««***first which has yet been made by the anthorities of Mr. Brown then read from a speech of his own made at that time to show that he dissented from the doctrine." falsehood of this chaigo, for ho endeavored by threats and.EB- readiness to answer.a question; but his.refueal to give- Supervisors, but the Demoorats a majority of the Ald- nht XHttri^t.—ForPreaidential Factor—Wm. W . VIM^Mthis Government, no doubt because it was considered by them op to this time as a matter involving local laws and interests rather than such as pertained to the horor and interests of the Confederacy. Bat, upon the call of the Governor of Texas, and upon the unde- niable proofs of the gross outrages committed on our soil, the Secretary says he has not hesitated to order a concentration of all the force upon that frontier which the exigencies of the service elsewhere would allow.Among the documents is a letter to Gov. Houston, from Angel Kavarro, one of the T exas Commissioners to Browmmlle, dated February 22, in which he says:" Although-many turbulent leaders exist among the Mexicans, the Mexican people as a mass are hoping •for deliverance from anarchy, and would rejoice in the «stablisbment of a stable form of Government, which would protect their lives and property, and give them a place among the intelligent people of the State otTamauHpas."They regard a Protectorate as the only means by;~.which Mexico can be redeemed from the reign of anar- chy and party tyrants. That there is a deep-seated hestfiity oa the part of many to everything American,bound to protect/slave property everywhere. He took issue with the idea promulgated by the Senator from New-York (Mr. Seward) that Slavery was a corse to both white and black race. He reasserted that Slavery was a great social, moral, and political blessing to both slave and master. Nowhere could 4,000,000 of blacks be found who were so prosperous and happy as the slaves at the South. He read the following statistics to thow that the negro increased more rapidly in ah^r, Mr. Adrain, a Representative from New-Jereey, on the floor of thin House, made the following atatement: "During the Le- " compton controversy I was approached in such a nuvnner as to " nhow coirnptian on the part ofthe Administration." .And whereat, Sucli statements imply an interference by ttio Executive Department of the{Govonnnont with tbevactionjmd rights of this House, incompatible with the dignitvjmd pirrity of italegislation, in deroMtion of the privileges of this body, and destructive of tho public confidence in our logislotion and oov- emmenti therefore • , , , . ....sponsibility.Mr. FRENCH (Rep., Me.) askud> Mr. Houston on.ROCHESTKK, Tuesday, March 6,1860. Hamlet D. £cranton, Republican, is elected Mayor by about 150 majority. The Republicans also carry*&Itherecanbenodoubt,butwiththegreatmassofthe Mexicans they would yield before the course of jus- tice and humanity which has characterised the United States in its annexation and acquisition policy.The Speaker ptbtfM..Mr. WASHIJITKN, of Maine, Mr. FRENCH—The charge of defalcation, and th > ^jpriBcipalimsnufaoturing towns in the State. The person living there older than Miss N«wbegb»rr*wu,aaeMsej*t{b- ence*hopo the re'^iutioii will he received without objection on thia ei^ oIii ••' 'i- § if.ecwdThe Senate to-day rejected the minority report f»vor- a Scnthern Conference, and agreed to the minorityttotorio^^^ S•: '*,<' ••'. - ,%jte$$ki iSenator from Uliriofe (Mr. %S^uSS^S^": ^ ^ M ^ X ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ false a SpeoiaT Committee in .regard '.'themerestslceletonB, ^fi^^CTSE^S^Sulfl^^^S^ fiwftw»**ft4iT^tiw*iiby the Constitution the black man',tad:Certa1n*itoB'lteiia: to AatlefB.which We^ereferre •produced; 1*. £ ' v ;•*•.'- /.., "\ 2? ] •• • •*'" •ble rights, admitted that for the good of ; society'siimi" day; Youare only complicating questions which, the Mr:.COVODE^Ifthe gentleman/willInsinuate any-nals might be deprived ot their rights. He was glad Boiw6 has given a committee authoi^y to investigaiev "•thing asplainly, wo willW(»tigate It. :', ; r ; r * • A 6mall steamboat naswd the Alfred Thomas, btuMJWITH'miliumthere hold him as property, as the owner of any otherment was heard in the Reporter's Gallery above the uproar.The President persuaded Mr. McLane to returnto Vera Cruz, for the purpose of being present at and that they could not command public approval— broughtwithin oneyear from the time of arrival of the on this side desired to object to that resolution. I didARTHUR KESSLER of Easton. WM. SHARP, jr., of Belvidere. WOtTNDED.••to be committed to the hands of Colonel Pickett, jotten to be a sort of political toll-gate keeper, who on Commerce, reported a bill for the simplification if the gentleman from New-York had objected to that I fooks North and South, and careB very little whence/•; the new Consul there. Mr. McLane has not left and codification of the revenue laws. He said plain course. .I insisted, and I appealed to him, that;-he people come, so they paid the toll. He thanked his and radical changes had been made from the bill for a should allowed it to be introduced, and go' to that'. the city yet, though his departure was announced in God he was not auch a Conservative, and thanked his similar purpose repoited at the last Congress. All in- Committee, but 1 did "not intend to object, nor have,County Commissioners lip for Con- Joseph Losey ofWashington, N. J., slightly,f tempt. Val. Scholey of Easton, slightly.PHILAT>EM>HIA'2 Tuesday, March 6,1860. Andrew Mellick Oi Belvidere, slightly. ^ In.theSupremeCourtthisafternoonthethreeCom- Wm.ParksofEaston,armbroken.nasgipEers of Allegheny County, John 8. Mcllhenney, Benjamin Youells of Easton, leg brokeU itt t w * Zaccheus Patterson, and Jonathan Braeff, were pre- places, and otherwise injured.sented in custody of the Sheriff of Allegheny County.. Henry Medler of Easton, slightly.They; were severally interrogated whether they stood Richard Williams of Easton, slightly. ."by the return made by them to a writ of mandamus, Robert Burxell of Easton, slightly. jj^fasing to obey the orddr of the Court. Each an- P. Bercaw of Eiston, le« broken.Bweredthat he stood by the return. Judge Lowrie An unknown man from Belvidere, badly. ' )*»*'informed them that they had been heard hy Counsel, ' The scene on shore, after the explosion, itisalloge- ^ad?that the Court adjudged each guilty of contempt ther impossible to describe. Women, who were fear--rnlrefusinir obedience to the mandamus. The Judge ful that their relations were on board, ran up and down •inquired what disposition the, plaintifPs asked. Wm. almost distracted, questioning almost every one theyThe' Hungarian.* TORONTO, C. W ., Tuesday, March6,1360. Lettersreceived here yesterday render it certain that Marcus Talbot, member of the Provincial ParliitineafrThe Herald, two days ago.A CABINET MEETING.Maker that he was endowed with honest convictions novations were abandoned. I understood that any cue else intended to object to and snfficient courage to express them in tho face of all It was deemed best to confine the provisions of the the resolution. If the gentleman from New-York opposition. Hehadhearditsuggertedthata compro- billto-theexietinglawsonthesubjectwithsuchamend- desires•to press tbem, and refuses to letT h e Cabinet had a long conference to-day upon mise might be effected. If the South would only vote ments only as are necessary to enforce them, and them go to the Special Committee already the arrangement of a programme intended for Mex- for pro:ection to Northern industry, then the North which are in accordance with the regulations Of the raised, then, I suppose, we can't help ourselves, would protect the slave property ot the South. This Treasury Department for the last five years, but with- unless there iB a majority that wishes to send ico, there being some apprehension of the Pres- was suggested in a letter or Commodore Stockton of out the sanction of law. them there. There is no disposition, and has not This bill simply collates the laws now spread over a been, to smother our investigation into the action of large number ot volumes.. It was, ,Of the utmost im- this Administration. Look it tho resolution adoptedIident's impeachment by the House, predicated upon New-Jersey, which he sent to the desk to be read. He could not agree to this. Either they had a right to the-the order recently issued for troops to enter Chi- protection of slave property or else they had not. Ifportance that the bill should be considered. The inter- yesterday, by the votes of ^. large part of the mem- ests of commerce were dependent on it, because there bers of this side of the. House. There you have di-buahta and other States.THE MEXICAN TREATY.tbey had not the right, the Morthshould give them pro- tection, and make no such demandor qualification. He thought. it was not quite modest for Pennsyl-is an imperfect code operating over the land.The consideration of the bill was postponed till therected a Committee to go into Pennsylvania, and into every other State in this Union, and seekto learn who has expended money in elections. You can goWhen Mr. McLane's correspondenoo concerning vania and New Jersey to ask that slave property the Mexican treaty was communicated to the Sen- should be taxed, for their benefit. If the pro-ate, his instructions were withheld, with some ob- perty of the North was in danger from mobs and incendiaries, he would willingly give it all the^ e t best known to the President. They have been protection the Government could aflord. His propertyfirst Tuesday in April.Mr. WASHBURNE (Kep., ill.), fromttiO Committee 0 the Congrceeional District of any solitary nienf5-on Commerce, reported a joint resolution directing the ber—send for witnesses, bring them from his District,unexpended balance of the appropriation of March, and make him swear whether that Representative-1859, for repairing the works and piers in order to se- or his friends have spent a dollar on hia election.'cure a lighthouse at Chicago, to he diverted to tho Now, Sir, what sort of principle of inquiry is thatf .further in enforcement of the writ, excepting repair and improvement of the harbor of that city. when you send out a Committee to send all over the by punishing these men for the offense already com He said the original appropriation was $87,000, of StateB of this Union, into every district, and inquire- mitted in contempt of Court, which was limited to awhich sufficient had been expended for the lighthouse, into whether any officer of the Government has been fine. An act of the Legislature, which prohibits the-months. His answer was regarded as completeand conclusive. The Committee will decide to- Doctors were very apt to make mistakes when theysteamers of light draft for the revenue service, in place report his name to the House of Representatives".morrow.undertook to expound the law. He did not think the common law gave him any protection for hie slave property in the Territories. For instance, if he .had a slave in Kansas, and he should be decoyed away to Illinois, what should ho do ? He supposed he should be told, if he could find the identical property, he could bring a writ of replevin. But the* slave might be decoyed away the next diy, and so on. If the slave could not be found, then, per-haps, he might bring an action against the man who had him in his possession, and get a judgment for dam- ages. But what good would it do him if the man wasof the present sailing schooners..Referred to the Committeo on Commerce.The House prepared for the election of a Chaplain.Mr. HOUSTON was here momentarily interrupted- by a louder outburst than usual of the cries for order, which had never altogether ceased.Mr. Lovejoy reported the Homestead Tbill from the Committee on Public Lands, and obtained a •position for it which secures its passage beyond a-contingency. On a test motion made by Mr. Branch of North Carolina, there was 50 majority for the bill. The whole Republican side voted af- toiatively.ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN.The contest for Chaplain in the House excited <i3 much, feeling as that for any other place in the organization, bat Mr. Stockton of Philadelphia finally distanced a host of competitors from this District and various States.— • ..To the Asocial ed Press.WASHINGTON, Tuesday, March 6,1860.The President to-day replied" to the Senate's reso-lution calling for information in reference to the pres-ent condition of affairs on the Bio Grande.. AmongThere were upwfrd of twenty persons nominated, in- cluding,by Mr. Biiggs.the Jewish Rabbi, Dr. Raphael. In addition, Mr. B R A I S CH nominated the whole clergy of the District of Columbia.Mr. HOOD took advantage of the pause again to de- mand the previous question.insclvent ? No.to slave property.absolutely excelling slave property from the Territory, which was only saved from becoming a law by the Governor's strenuous exertion. Kansas has passed such a law over the Governor's veto.Mr. Brown then argued the question .of suitableness of Slavery to Kansas. He claimed that the climate, soil, and productions of Kansas fitted it for Slavery. One-fifth of the Slave States were in the same latitude. He said his friend from Indiana would allow him pro- tection if he could get a verdict from the court in an action at common Eiw. Why even the Senator from New-Yoik (Mr. Seward) would hardly refuse that. This Government has not only denied Slavery protec- tion in tiie Territories, but everywhere else. This, the greatest moneyed interest of the country, had never re-The common law gave no protection Nebraska has lately passed an actdemocratic Convention.-•- ;Etate of riavery than in a free condition: From 1.810from 1820 to I8y0, the increase of the slaves was 30 per cent, and that of free negroes waa 34 per cent; from 1830 to 1840, the increase of slaves was 23 per cent, and that of free blacks 20 per cent; from 1840 to 18.r/0, while Abolition had been most prevalent and the underground railroad most active and energetic, thencreaee of slaveB was 28 per cent, and the increase of free blacks only 12 per cent. *hy any peruon actinj? with their advice o? consent, to miluwico slightest, foundation whatever, and who has acknowl- large, and probably reaches 18,000. TM ' I J TM ? f . ^Virginia, on tlie Southern Confer-BxcBMosn, Tuesday, March 6, i860. i»ccks more rapidly than in. a state of freedom; <*we are to have two Special Committees to mveett*[LaugViterJ •«•».* • \ p?WmMtT. COVODE—If tho gentieman will furnish ms House, at Nenoaset, was burned, with seven horses sjjeotach?ag^teg "report adverse to the Conference.' " '* '"' The Houjfe has notand thirty head of cattle..««g«W»t»»mi-»i,/,va »-A-;-^U<tai>aaaM.-.;,•;.•..^£ / " •---.-:'.'.;••yet actedmm-g j*& IKpWw^.:.^^OKi^ :Tu^te:» g /• s&i- * '.;>§£8?^fcH&>I _*>-\'•, •••• » . . , . . --., ..\'*.T . .\t$ ••.,*.• -%-t; ;::mMs 'dayssiueeiitAa,ught,$••••:;:•-,<•>%•,>{••?$•''••?.*,- . : - ' :.• , •: .,., -•-. ••'.;.,:- ,:,..'":.• :. :..-,. I >:-M S g Bmil—I—>•rtMwtmritfCWl rir,»+JU*rfiMu/•'•''S •• : '•••-iiiM>aaiw ,LMiMllMkV'-'i'r-'v,-;'.', ;•*^; '*>.'•;'•'.-":.:-. :'• xt '-..'-'<:.:..:: .'-.*--,'•; ••,'.'->•. ••. • - ' » • , ' .V:••'„'* •'-'•?)*&*.'•1U>/ gflr^i>. : SENATE....WASHINGTON, March 6. l8S0. to hearthio admission; for on tJbe same ground he &£ The only effect will be toit crease expanse of a com* Mr. HOUSTON—There are IhtimalSonB everywhere here to rnn from"Belvide^ to Port Jertte, started ;MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH, The VICE-PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a> pued, when it was for the welfare of society and for asittee already ordered ny the Great An^n's own party agaimt the Republican party. I desire an investiga- thismorhmg'for PortJervis. hx trying to &A up thofromthePresidentoftheConstitutionalConvention. propertolakeawayfromthenegroeertainso-called sylvania,(Mr.Covode). Isubmittohimasanutter thatthetruthshall•••'beelicited. Inconclusion,Mr. Mr. MASON (Dem.,V a.) stated that the Sergeant- rights. The Senator from Delaware (Mr. Saulsburv) Of economy that the resolutions are mere sp'vcifWatioha Houston moved that the resolution be referred to theat-Arms had arrested Tbaddeus Hyatt, and moved that had called these resolutions abstractions. They could of what the House has already, ordered a committee Committee created yesterday.he be now brought before the bar of the Senate and not be, for thev recommended immediate legislation. : upon, and*there must be an end to these things. . The SPEAKER-rl will remind the gentleman tlfat BXFiaiSES OP THE POST-OFFICE DEPARTMENT. asked, first, what excuse he has to offer for rofueing Mr. SAULSBURY explained. He did not think ; Tie SPEAlCER^It is not a question of order.- It he baa not the floor to make the motion.$ S $ "The biH submitted by Mr. Colfax to the Post- to obey the summons of the Committee of the Senate; there was any demand for the resolutions at this time is a question addressed to the discretion of the Hottier. . The gentleman shaM and George Schacff, of Easton; an*^ among the and, second, whether he is now ready to auswer1 and by the action of any unorganized Territory. Mr. CLEMENS—1 move that thetfCBolntionbe c«w-r-,.l. jbave his Committee of ^^vestigatiou then. All I a3k^ Office Committee of the House to reduce the ex- that he he required to answer such questions as may Mr. BROWN" rejoined, and proceeded. 'Kansas had r i ^ S £ fe^^i^^lj ^ _ '.'J- ^ i L i . > tLat it shall proceed to get at the truth. wounded are Ben Youells and Wm. Die.^l <*f E^sten ;penses of the Post-Office Department was agreed be propounded by the Committe in writing and under violated the Constitution in her unfriendly legislation, The SPEAKER—The gentleman from New-York is oath. and now she had passed a Personal Liberty Dili more entitled to the floor, and demands the previous ques-toata meetingthismorning. It provides that Mr.Hyattwasbroughtin. odiousthanthatofMassachusetts. Hbhadseen-iuthe .tiou.".'..' ,,Poefenasfers the receipts of whose offices for letter- Mr. HALE (Rep., N. H.) moved to amend the first papers a set of resolutions, said to be adopted in a "Ques'den, question." on the Republican side, \ postage are less than $100 per quarter, are to re- interrogation by substituting the word reason for ex- Democratic Caucus, and supposed they were. H e did QueBtiorr^Is the reeolutaon before the Hbuse 7Mr. HASKIN |ZL L. Dem, N. Y.) said—It will be Thomaa Smith, a negro of Belvidere. .Maarf otherscuse. Mr. Hale said he believed the Senate had no not object to any of these, except the fourth and iltrh> . The SPE ARER—It is, and the previous question is lar Standing Committee, of which I have the honor to T3c fo^Owing are some of the name* ofthe fck^Red:ceive instead of the commissions now allowed, from rijjiht to send for this citizen, and believed he had a He thought Congress ought not to wait for any further demanded. • be Chairman. I did this because I was anxious there --•- ^$160 to $400 per quarter^ The commissions are valid lesson for not coming. experience in regard to necessary legislation. When Mr. HOUSTON (Dem., Ala.)—I am not goingto ob- shouM be syetem on the subject of investiga-. RrcHAnn HOECOMB of Belvidere. Jo»xrir WEAVER of Easton. GEOJLGE SMITH of Easton. JudgeSHARPofBelvidere..'•Mr, Hale's amendment was lost by Yeas 12, Nays 42. .under it for many years. Whenever it, was found in- Pennsylvania. •*•• .'*•'Mr. Hyatt was brought before the bar of fh^ Sen-ate, as a State prisoner, to-day, and, after bowing speciesof property has to take his property to the ter- R<o Grande.The sight upon the land was truly heart-rend bug. The torn limbs of-the poor sufferers, and the pi resence of those who were in search of friends, suppc »sed to be among the; dead, formed a sight to make th o stoutestfAgreed to. "'„•,/.Mr. GWIN (Dem., Cal.) moved to take up the Mili- tary Academy jbill,so as to decide upon the amendment appropriating $1,300,000 to equip a regiment of mount- ed.Texanvolunteers. : ;Mr. WIGrFALL (Dem., Texas) urged the necessity of immediate action.. He drew a pitiful picture of the condition of-atfairs Upon the Rio Grande, from the incursions of the Indians and Mexicans, saying that women had been ravished, children scalped,and nouses burned.Mr. FESSENDEN (Rep., Me.) was opposed to im-mediate action, on the ground that they nad not yetof the. Committee of Pubhc Expenditures,, Mr; Haskin, had the sajDae thmgrefe^redtw^myand mycolleagne; Mr. Covode, yesterday'cut a wide Bwath, and went, I believe, from the banks of the Delaware to too Pacific shores. It ,strikes mo my colleague has enough already on his back. If be gets through all that by next Juno, it wil^'be as much as he can carry to his people. I am not opposed to the resolution, but let us nave one committee and a thorough investi- gation. ' '! '. '"', •'••Mr. BR AJSfCH—I: repeat/ that I earnestly hope no gentleman on our aide will object to this resolution. Here, are charges made npon the responsibility of members upon this floor, who have risen in their placesThe House resumed the consideration of the bill re-ported last week, and of which a Bynopsis is was then no objection had been made. That speech wasii1!9the first of July.Negatived by 31 majority.After the roll was colled many changed their votes. Mr. BRIGGS withdrew the name of Dr. Raphael. Mr. BRANCH thought that all would agree thatstatement that he has expended thousands of dollars.- for his election, for which he has had to be a defaulter.1 want to know if the Committee will discharge its whole duty and inquire into the elections in Maine. 'A VOICE—Louder. [Langhter.j :ment of their exclusive rights and a violation of th»Mr. HOUSTON—If it will do its duty, it must go up to Maine and inquiro into that defalcation; and not the strongefct candidate. He suggested that he snould only that, but it must inquire what has been done-inBATON ROUGE, La., Tuesday, March ,6,1860.- The, Democratic. Convention met and organized. Resolutions were offered instructing the delegates to Charleston to support the nominee ot that Convention if he w as a good Democrat. A resolution was offered to sustain Mr. Davis's Territorial resolutions at Charles- ton, and if the principle is rejected the delegates should withdraw.The latter was not adopted. " > ,A series of resolutions were adopted expressing ad-miration of the patriotic conservative Northern men/and undiminished confidence in Mr. Buchanan's Ad-ministration; embodying the principles of Mr. Davis'sTerritorial resolutions; recommending the adoption bythe Convention of the two-third rule, and that the voteofthe Louisiana Delegation be cast as a unit; and thatin case of the election of a Black Republican President,Louisiana should meet her sister Slaveholding Statesincouncilfor the adoption of measures for theirprotection. Dr. Bellows addresBe8 the Committee.this scei e should continue as short a time as possible. They now had an opportunity of knowing who wasBALTIMORE, Tuesday, March 6,1860. • The Maryland House, last evening, by a vote';of '55> * to 5, adopted an address requesting the Governor to *remove from office Judge Stump of the Criminal Conrt • of this city. The case comes up in the Senate to-dry. •The Senate last evening paesed a bill empowbi-bg e the City Council of Baltimore to indorse halfa ml'iior?'offer a resolution declaring a particular gentleman your elections in this House of Representatives. Why Chaplain. Let the other side offer nn amendment pro- did gentlemen vote for nominations which they wouldrIll11».p I1S'. I H•i': ! 1. 1posing another candidate. Then the previous ques- tion could be called, and the contest sejfcled by two votes.' "" •"Objections were made.Wboie nnmbor of votes..,.100 Mr. Proctor (South. Mcth.). 41 Necessaly to a choice . 9 0 Thomas I L Stockton. 34 Mr. Kali (Methodist)...... 41 Mr. Nadaj..-'•..«• •••••.••••• 14Tho remaider wore scatteiing.The House again voted, and Mr. Stockton of. Paila* delphia was elected by lb majority.Mr. STALLWORTH presented a memorial from Mobile, similar to the above mentioned one by Mr. Florence..An invitation was received from the ladies of the Mount Vernon Association, inviting the Members to accompany them on a visit to Mount Vernon tc-mor- row. Laid on the table.On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the bill to reduce mileage from forty to twenty cents per mile, to benot touch before their constituentst What spoils were divided or offered to be divided out in connection with your" House organization, Sir ? Your Speaker. Sir? Your Postmaster, Sir? Sour Doorkeeper. Sirl. Your Clerk, Sir? [Loud laughter.] I don't know that you mace any arrangements for a parson to pray- for you, becauso, though you wanted a good deal of praying done for you, I think you acted with some seeming fairness about that. [Laughter.]Mr. DUNN (Rep., Ind.) said if the gentleman wanted to make a specific charge against the Speaker he would vote for an investigation. vMr. HOUSTON—Had said no. such thing: He wanted the Committee t o investigate these things.Mr. D DNN—I should like to know what the gentle- man intended by referring to the Speaker in connocfckm with fraudulent contracts unless he meant to charge him with corruption.of dollars of bonds of the Northern Central Railroad. The drivers of two city paseenger cars had a m o t *taken up. 1, ' ,Mr. W ASHBURNE (111.) ineffectually requested Mr. Sherman to permit him to make an amendment,repealing all laws allowing any mileage at all. The bill passed, 154 against21.House organization.. Ho wanted it investigated, fhat_ men might see how and why. these strange results were produced.Mr. COVODE—The gentleman from Alabama hascharged upon me that my committee takes a raage into•Municipal Elections.AuIJURN, Tuesday, March 6,1860. Morgan, the Republican candidate for Mayor, has a majority over Henry, the Democratio candiate of 400.Sr. JOHN'S, N. F., Tuesday,March 6 , 1 ^ . The steamsMp Prince Albert. ^ S S S ^ S ^The invitation of the ladies of the Mount Vernon Congressional districts. Lw-ill state for his informa-bound to Galway, arrived here thfa morning, and The entire Republican City ticket has been elected, probably saU this evening with news iroiH tao VtAeeociation was accepted for to-morrow afternoon. Mr. HOARD offered the following: " Whereat, A Representative from the tstate of Pennsylvania,tion that within the last half hour a distinguished Dem- ocrat from the city of Pittsburgh called me to the door and asked me to subpena.him in regard to expeadi*•Mr. COVODE—I will state that if it should appearfrcm the Regents of the Mount "Vernon Fund, inviting will 1not: have testimony taken. J'will yield to tfcfe of Special. Ccmmittees was likely to be reduced to a.Andrew Melick of Belvidere; arm b;«o$Benu B.M. Youells of. Easton, badly.There are more killed and injured, but*ifr3»' .•impofsi- ble to get the names until the excitement sulrtjiflk >»•EASTON, Penn., Marafcc 6^-f - m. Tliis morning the shores of the Dclaw^arer river be-lowthebridgehere were crowded wit^jpewoms to Witness the Alfred Thomas, a little steamer w*ich has been built at this place to run between B<J&*id*re andTexas and the President of the United. States had not to be confined to a Committee charged with an vious question. 'already ample power to. protect the frontier. This appropriation could accomplish no good purpose.After further discussion, a message from the Presi- dent was read, inclosing Gen. Houston's letter, and a lengthenedcommunicationfromtheSecretaryofWar, communicating official reports of the difficulties on theMr. HINDMAN—I will read it myself; I still.have the floor.Loud shouts of order on the Republican side.Mr. HINDMAN persisted in reading his amendmentfully, in oider that, if true, the President and his ad viseTs may be held'responsible; and, if false, that those who have perpetrated the calumny may be held responsible before the country. [Slight applause onwere unwilling to have it read'?During more than usual confusion, the demand forto the assistance of the sufferers, and did al 1 in" their power to alleviate their Bufferings.:invefctigation of frauds.Mesers. MILLSON and HOUSTON and half a dozen others addressed the Chair amid shouts of .'• Order." Mr. McRAE (Dem., Miss.)—I; .insist on the ChairbringingtheHousetoorder.Mr. BRANCH proceeded—Grave questions* like of the Speaker's gavel. Not a word of the amerid-:with the exception of the Overseer of the Poor.Titor, Tuesday, March 6,1860. States of to-day's date.POLITICAL.• • . •—The Republican State Convention of Wisconsin to acbwge of being 0110 of u mercenary band: "Let me say that made this request. (Repeated cries of u Name him!") by 78 majority. The Democrats elect the rest of the met at Madison on the29th ult. The ticket for the en-"no o&n known better than Mr. Bucuacan hlmseh ,l"e ntter euing campaign is as follows: The gentleman from. Pennsylvania, hadi indicated' his City ticket. The Republicans elect a majority of the -Mr, BickroaD, dio oa the 12tb day of December last, on the lloorof this Bouse, make the following statement: " A s Mr. Bu- tui os of money there. " Isaac McConihe, jr., Democrat, was to-day electedchanan could not purclia.se me, bo 1 cannot Do purchased by - [" Name him! name,' name!' from the Democratic Mayor of this city by about 300 majority. The Demo-iprc..tho flocr of Ihifl Bouse, made the following statement in answerbenches. 1Mr. HOUSTON would be obliged: if Mr. Covodecrats have a majority of the City Council.*UTICA, Tuesday, March 6,1860.the action of this House or any of its members uBon any *UOB- ticn or measure upon which it haa acted, ox winch ifehas or may. have had under consideration, direcfly OT indirectly, by any promise or offer or intimation of employment, pfttTonagivoinoe, favors, or reward, under the .Government, or. under any depart- ment, officer, or servant thereof, to be.conf arred'-or withheld, In con»ideratiou of any vote given, withheld, or-to.be withhold, with power to send for peisons «*d pa^mm. examine wltn»»asos,.aad leave to report at any time L$ hill or otherwise.cSved indicate the election of .the entire Republican ticket by from 600 to 700 majority. _W i * GBNEVA, N. Y., Monday, March 5,1860.aB a question of privilege.Mr. BOARD- -I move the previous question.amined by a Committee.Mr. HQUST.ON—Ihopo our distinguished Committer'Slave States was 34 per cent, and in the Free States- 3* per cent. From 1830 to 1840, the increase^n the Save States was 18per cent, and m the *ree States at per cent. From 1840to 1850;the increase in" the Slave States was 10 per cent, and in the Free States 14 per c e n T From these statistics he deduced this conclusion -that the negto In a sta'e of slavery mulUphes^isB^H)^xr^Muor^\crmmon of the negro 8**^ the esme subject. [Orf?er, order.] . _ w'jth direct oharges I will investigate them. ' ; ^ Lfor in every aspect he was more prosperous than in a Mr. CLEMENS (Dem., Va.)—I wse to a option of Mr. HOUSTON—What direct,phwgos were-,em^^riSgewater, Salem, and Sutton. Wfifa. and peaceful.The strikers are or , , , v—General torn Thumb, who is oxay22yea^ofij8{e.Mr. P;CTCKETT [DemfKy^Idesire totwkwheth-:»H-e t•tf^en-e^d/*tO*'tu&f«t f*a«c*t l*U•a*t the^. ' order. It is not competent for the member ttow ^ew? brucodiayour reaolutiou yesterday ? Ar« taey ^oft"wwould let them know what distinguished i&emocrat hadCalvin Hall, Republican, is elected Mayor yf Utica" ductiona of his patronage, without effect, to draw true men" awoy from tho path of duty." And on the 14th day. of Deeem- the name ^vas sneaking from a voluntarily assumed re- ermen.of Racine. For Delegate »t Large—Ban* Crocker of Milwaukee. For DJftrtct Delegate*—H. L. Bann of Walworth, and 0. C. Sholo* of Kenoaha. Alternate*—E. Enoa of WaukeahiV H « w y M»W«»on of Ractoe, and E. w . C»rpenter of MUwauko*.remembered by the' House that a few days ago I pro- posedaresolutioirtodiabandaSpecialCowmitt&eap- pointed on a motion made by Mr. Orow, and to refer the subject matter involved, vi?: printing, to the regu-afe killed and wounded, but no farther n.'WOS* h * v a beenascertained'. ^' SECOTTO niSP A TCH. - ' ->Having myself voted to disband'the Special CommSitee raised at the instance of Mr.-Grow, and although anxi- ous that the charges contained/in Mr. Ho vrd's resolu-• rthe air, others were blown off, into the i vater and amidthemostdeafeningshoutsoforderandresounding slightlyinjured,and othersweredreadfully'laangled.: rv^'.•.• •••<t. .;'••State faith.* 'Mr. KELLOCK (Rep., 111.)raising bisvoice to thethe previous question was seconded, under the opera- tion of which Mr. Hoard's resolution was adopted. 'The amendment which Mr. HINDMAN desired to offerisasfollows:•Resolved, Further, that said Committo© inquire whether any money-was used corruptly to procure the election of any mem- herofthifl House, and also whether any corrupt means were used or proposed to he used in the election of a JPrinter of this House and that saM Committee inquire generally iato any and afl the charges that have been or ma> bo preferred against any member or members of this H.onse, or officer' of the Federal Government, and report hy bill or otherwise.Mr..LOVEJOY (Rep., 111.) rising, asked whether it wss in. order, by the rules of the House, for any mem- ber to read a paper in spite of the decision of the Chair, and in .defiance of the apparent order of the House, and whether Mr. Hindman's amendment would be pub- lished in Tlie Glohe.The SPEAKER replied that he had no control overThe following is a ,;'list of the killed aafll \ yanudod, which is believed to ^e full and correct:The Globe.Adjourned.Wmk Diet 1 of Easton, slightly.John llmitb. of belvidere, badly; will hardly vt-cover. ,Sol. Mclnfeyre (colored) of Easton, alightly. j*K>M.-Meredith on tfeir behalf replied that they left the met in regard to the dreadfal affair. matter in the hands of the Court. After consulting,Judge Lowrie for the Court stated that they had no power, under the act of the Assembly, to go anyfor Middlesex, C. W., and his bride, were pas&*ngo*e> States has been attempting to UEG money; whether- has''struck down the process oi the. Court. A refusal i n the Hungarian. ,tampering there; whether the President of the United Court from enforcing an order inthe ordinary manner, -of the insurance companies, merchants, and Owher citi- one, has cone so 7 I don't care who he is> private indi- til the parties agree to obey the order of the Court, zens of Philadelphia, praying that Congrees substitute vidual though he may be, your Committee i& bound to- / hutthe power of the Court here in a ca3e which isleaving $04,000 for the harbor.The resolution was passed.Mr. FLORENCE (Dem., Pa) presented a memorial any officer responsible to us—yes, Sir, or whether any, to obey an injunction is punished by imprisonment un-:-. PORTLAND, Tuesday, March 6, iwfo- The goods saved from the Hungarian and the wreckare to be sold at Barrington oh the 14th March.New-Jersey Railroads.TRENTON, Tuesday, March 6, 1860. To-day the Hunterdon and Millstone Railroad MBwas recommitted in the House after a contest.The Burlington and Middlesex Railroad hill was de-feated by 28-to 28,The Joint Railroad and Canal Company have sent mpurely criminal is limited to a fine. The Commission-ers were ordered to stand up. After some remarks ) upon the enormity of their offense and the folly of ! their course in placing themselves at the head of a re-j'lbellidn, the Court imposed upon each a fine of $1,000, I with the coBts of the attachment, and they were or- Mr. HOUSTON, resuming at.the top of his l u n g s - idered into the custody of the Sheriff until paid. Im- Mr. Speaker, I would like to know if the Committee mediately after the passage of the sentence, Mr. Mere- Mr. POTTER nominated the Rev. Mr. Fee, recently are going, in the discharge of their duties [laughter}, to dith applied for alias peremptory mandamus. The examine into the election of the State Treasurer, in. motion was then entered, and.' a refusal to obey[this the State of Maine, where ho has himself made a writ, if it is granted, will render the defendants liableTJhe Delegates are entirely untrammeled by instructions, but Mr. Slidell is recommended for the Presidency, though the Convention pledges the Democracy of the State to support the! nominee of the Charleston Con- vention, whoever he may be. E. Lasere and Richard Taylor were appointed Delegatos at large, and the•.-'Second XHttrict— For Delegate at Laige-T. B. 8ttMWanl of La Crosse. Alternate—F. O. Brainerd of Jaokaon. Dlttrici Maine had expanded large sums- of money for elnc- five or aix Aldermen, which gives them the Common Pele^atea—MOMI S. Gibton of St. Croix, and John R. Bennettwhat authority he. asserted that the lato Treasurer oftioncering purposes? -Mr. HOUSOJON replied that )\i&. authority -was what, he had seen^ and what, he presumed the gentleman'Council. : " ' , , _ .Qli{x of Kock. Alternatet—Stoplion Mar»ton of Eau Claire, and J. T% ALEXANIHUA, V a., Tuesday, March.6,<«*£.• Mill* of Grant. Elector at Laree—Walter D. Molndoe of Mara-The entire American ticket was e.ected at the locai thon. Diatrict Elector—J. Allen Barber of Grant.Third Dt*trtct.—-For E l e c t o r at Large—Bradford Rixfoi<Lelection to-day. Retolved. That a Committee of five he appointed hy the Mr. FRJENCH dosiredto inform the gentleman that ,<:;_ , _, ' •, n 1ftfif| Elector—H. Llndeman. Delegato at Large—John F. McOngfX^ CHICAGO, Tuesday, March 6.18JU. Alternate—TJri Balcom. Dl«tiict DelegaU»—Eli«ha MSrWWi I*. iSpeaker to inquire and Investigate whetbor any improper a>to 18:20. the increase of the slaves was 20 per cent; with the present Executive Department, of the Gotfernuwut, or by the editor, of The Rangor Union, without the disturbance of consequence.;Q fee vote.polled^ was Juatice of the Snpreme Court. ^edged before an Investigating Committeothat it is false.•Mr. HOUSTON—Wfll the gentleman t*U me wheth- er that officer is a defaulter ?flept every night for 88 years, with theeoco^fiwaol •rV I want to call the attention of the Committee t > v * T h e Massacniisetts Strikes. ,}>At our Charter Election to-day the Democrats the «dyanced age of 93 years, 8 months, I**TM ^ elected their whole ticket, excepting three, by a ma- tister nearly 90 years of age, with w h o a j#be h«*^ i S y of 150. Three Republicans were elected byi Mr.HOU8TOW—Thogentlemanadmitsthedefaloa- ^majority. - ' "'•' "'l>--- •' .' . three weeks duxing childhood,when Mary,^ ••*•.The reading of the reeoiatiou caused great sensationon the Democratic sid.*. A dozen members were on a KepubUcan Treasurer, purloining money, and so* H :S •••. BOSTON; Tuesday, March 6,1860. riving sister, went to Newbury portwith her^|»ofl »*' their feet at once, shouting, Mr. Spoater. _ ,. what became of it. - JSbe: shoemakers' BtriKe is rapidly extending to all The deceased never left the island. There J#u* <»*Then Mr. Brown read statistics in regard to theincrease of free'negroes in the Slave States and theFree States. From 1810 to 1820, the increase in theSlave States was 24 per cent, and in the Free States31norcent.Prom1°20to1830,theincreaseinthe intheChair—TheC^fr thinkstheresolutionanorder* mannerinwhich,itWUBproduced,isaboutbeingtat;cj|lataetdemonstratiorsareatNewburyport,Nortii DeborahLamb,aged94yearsandsomemonlfe.will render them assistance. W as there corruption VMr. COVODE—The President made that charge.; iorts, sails to morrow for Norfolk.condition m m m.• •Bate M&m. . . ^ . ^ ^ . ^ ^ - ^ ^ ^ j . . ^ ^ ^Untitled Document*(.)•'.i\Mr, BRANf jfi_-I hope there will be no objection.The gentleman has given responeibV names, and I *hSrTMJ?rJlvania elections T "' . ., , - - ^ n e steamer City of New-York; the pioneer of a has his yacht, hisiaat trotter, is without*,*wM** *J J%erfirlineof steamers between Boston and Soutiiern ; Mr, HOUSTON—That is a mere evasion. ^ ••. J g ;<t ^ t iught the stable connected with the Neponsetrichi is about tostart again to make an "exh^ttioa «* Umself, He;iisthed of ,a':qWirt;;^fc|tti.*J|u^»^''*.The IHCarsh ChUdren.> ITV if'. ••. *>.%• • ' • ' • ' , - • 'From Baltimore, riat a ball last nighti One of tixetn, named Bodeyt i.«*-f fatally shot.••'•; v. • "•- From Albany.Capture of a Slaver.I8 ' <^ ^-John B,<Briwnlow, a son of the B^wnlo^^rilled a ^w-atudeut, u s m # H ^"5 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069XSiiSBJt&Umeillwww.fultonhistory.com- . • ^ . ^ ^ X i ^ . .Sbinfn- • "'j'£--:•&•»&k$S!& 