 •m .iiiO'».iii'.n•.at»B^ wamswnsnnOBwmssigBBnae^Ek-SS • s —""————^—^MmmmmsasNEW YORK HERALD.NEW TOREla consequence of a vacancy in the pas- Governor, the Judges of the Supreme Court, the torate of the ehorch, the pulpit was occu- Circuit Judget, both the United States Sena- pied by the Rev. C. C. Bitting, of Alexandria, tors, Rhd all but oat of the Congressmen, are) Virginia. Be took his text from the fifth eti»p*tr for disunion.•t •*-»• ry rNOVEMBER 12. 1860.urge upfO Mr. Lincoln tbe necessity of stating land, and through the various political contests his policy ax'ssnajr and fairly. Let himenan watch Bane since threatened the integrity of thed a t e 'BOW, neSSOSr" msw'BMssMjBwSmsi. sen* *#«mun Union, aad now, towards the close of a career has goo* too far. what be intends ts do, and protracted bwyead the usual period allotted toft*J A M B S O O R D o v B B M M K T W , RTXTOB AMD nunoBPRprobehJy he» Itreater dccMae ho tuodiiugd- bv inBeecher, were devoted to a d*on»*on of the po- WAJJ-ACM THEATRE, Broedway.-I'tAriKQ Win litical condition of the country. B* pots of these disc, urses will be found in another part of to day'sLADRA EMBER* THEATER Mo. SB Broadway.-PaT- fllC MM9 fAJTCY-TOODUB A VATUS.The unanimous act of the South Carolina Legislature, authorizing the banks of thator Cum.K»*»int-Atric Can****—UTM CVBIOSITIB, is.—ROM EUIUL — • _ • _ • •nebsann'Hon,«n Broadway.- ao.—UeED Cr.riBUVS BALOOE. Broadway.-Hoot.Kv A CAKTBHX'S Mureihats iv lTMoruir • — > OASCSS, mmuoiQBH, Ac.— lava's Disocisa*CAJTTEBBUBT OOKCR»T BALOOE, IE Broadway.-Blow TnrB*1UL8 FOB THE PACIFIC.Hospital on the psor sick who look «o th it iastita of the institution of African slavery. TheyI W14. 18«0,Raw Y w kToo m i l steamship Hortbora Light, Qapt TUklepaugh,will have thti port to-day, at nooa, for aaplnwt".Toe m tils for California M i other parts of the Faclaeservative character as compared with the New England republicans, who have none of tbe ad- vantages of this intimate social contact withtogs of material interests to-day to that which followed those of thitty years ago. Instead of meeting our arguments or disproving our facts, boyish and silly journalists of theHarnld—CnllShrnlnEdition.Ros-church ** on the election," and during tiat de- word to the South.from Long Luand weetwardly to Missouri^will close at too o'clock this morning.Too NEW TOBX WEBKXT HBTUXD—California edition— the Rev. Dr. Tyng, a collection wai ma L.-.our Southern brethren.To draw this interesting fact into bolder re- black republican school assume to makeeoouiaiaf too tales* latelligeaoe from all parts of the world, with a largo quanUty of loom! and miscellaneous •otter, win be published at nine o'otock to the moraiaf.Single copies, In wrappers, ready for mattlac, atz oeuts. Agents will please send la tbotr order* ae early u pos- stMe.The inmates of the New Tork Hospital were thrown into a great state of excitement yesterdsy by a rumor cf an attempt to poison some of tbe pa- tients. It appears that one of the patients tastedsomething peculiar in his food, and partook of but a small quantity. A short time after he was taken violently ill, and declared that he had been poison- ed, and several other inmates made complains Of a s i m i l a r c h a r a c t e r . U p o n i n v e s t i g a t i n g t h e m a t - tera mannamedJenkins confessed that he had poured croton oil in the food, at the suggestion of Others, but that he only did it for a joke, and didYork, immediately bordering tbe S t Lawrence face, and to contemn too teachings of expe of things. The North have It still in theirT h eR a wT f o r RH e r e U d — E d i t i o nf a rIn free States I n s l a v e S t a t e sInfree States In slave StatesMAILS FOR EUROPE.UWOOLS'a VOTS 1,800,0006 0 , 0 0 0 — 1 , 8 5 0 , 0 0 0oproemoK von. 1,600,0001,050,000—2,650,0004,500,000 800,000Illinois, and they are found nearly analo- recover from the rising tempest In the mean- gous in their conservative views on the time let ns contemplate toe position of the slavery question to their neighbors along States which Southern haste and Northsra the opposite bank of the river to Virginia folly seem determined to drive out of the and Kentucky. This harmony Is the natural political and commercial Union with us.declare tiieir sentiments, for they are re- sponsible for the consequences now produced by the election of Lincoln. Had they not joined the abolitionists to their crusade against the rights of the South, and voted for a candi- date committed to an irrepressible conflict against toe system of labor of fifteen States of the Union, he never could have been elected. It to their duty, therefore, now to make all tbe reparation in their power, by defining their po- sition and repudiating all designs of Interfering with the social institutions of the South. Let a meeting of tbe republican merchants of this great commercial city be held at once, and tot them, like the conservative republicans at the meeting at Philadelphia on Saturday, de- nounce the violence of the ultra wing of their party, and the extreme sentiments of Seward and the republican organs and leaders. And let Mr. Lincoln, if he values the peace of tbe country, and if be has any just appreciation of tbe value and glory of the Union of the States, lose no time either in making an announcement which will soothe the tumult of revolution at tbe South, or in resigning as President elect sad leaving some room for accommodation. The best interests of the country, If not the veryexistence of tbe government ought not to be sa- crificed to one man, nor even to a party, though it doee • mber one-third of the white popula-The Canard mall steamship Europe, Oapt. Leltch, will leave Boston, oa Wednesday, for Liverpool.result of the immediate and intimate social and commercial intercourse between the non-slave- holding people on the right bank and thefreights someteasactive and buoyant to English porta. The steamship Bremen, from Southampton Oct 31, Secession Movements In tne South—TrieAlabamadebt—— 750,000 6,000,000ietomndukaeU100,000 45,000 140,000 130,000arrived at this port about eleven o'clock last night, Laving made the run from Scilly in ten days. The Prince of Wales had not arrived at Plymouth on the 30th nit. An engagement took place between the Neapolitan royalists and the Piedmontese on the 26th a l t , in which the former were defeated, leaving a large number of prisoners in the hands of the Piedmontese. Victor Emanuel had arrived at 8esM, and was expected to enter Naples on the 30th ult. He had been joined by Garibaldi. The voting in the kingdom of Naples for annexation to Sardinia, resulted in 1,102,499 in favor, and 9,371 against it. Austria has announced that she will not abandon the system of non-intervention in the af- fairs of Italy. The returns from the British War Office show the expenses for the current year to meet the expenses of hostilities in China to be about £10,000,000. The Duke of Decages, one of the notabilities of the first Empire and the restora- tion, died in Paris on the 25th nit. The Warsaw Conference had broken up without coming to anyTrsM Policy for Both SectionsNo one can contemplate the movements that are now being made in several of the Southern States without feeling that the republic stands to-day in a most precarious position, and that the slightest accident or indiscretion may at any moment precipitate the whole country into a civil war, from which we might only issue to find this great Union broken into fragments, never 9 gain to be combined into one nation The telegraphic news from South Carolina, Alabama and Georgia which we have pub- lished within these few days past reveals the extent of the danger. Let us group togetherthe points.The Legislature of South Carolina hasbeen in session during the past week, discussing measures looking to disunion. They have passed, by a unanimous vote, aexists the harmony of the same community. Mississippi.... 1,271,707result. In the Liverpool cotton market on the 2 Ith bill calling a State Convention to meet onof John Quinoy Adams. Which of these shall They have no large mechanical and manufac- rule the new administration? That is the ques- turing Interest whioh must starve when tradetion. stops. Their laboring population, being slaves,Mr. Lincoln was nominated because he was will not suffer from a delay In the exchanges ofstrong in the West because he was less obnox- commerce, and they can consequently have noious to conservative men on the slavery ques- great popular agitation of masses out of workColumbus, Ohio; Frank Maney, of Nashville, Tennessee; Henry N. Spencer, Jr., of Pennsyl- vania, and Alfred Van Benthuysen. of New Or- leans, Louisiana. They all had the good for- tune to be present at the battle of Caaerta, and the General speaks of their conduct in the high- est terms. He says that not only did they dis- tinguish themselves by their coolness and gal- lantry on that occasion, but that their deport- ment, both on aad off duty, exercises tbe most beneficial influence on the other officers of the division, which to necessarily made np of hete- rogeneous elements. They are quiet, gentleman- like and forbearing to their manners, but al-nit. considerable excitement existed, and prices for American descriptions advanced 4d. per lb.We have received intelligence from Salt Lake City, under date of the 20th ult., giving full details of important matters in Utah Territory. The prin- cipal topic or excitement current at the time our correspondence was written was in regard to the approximating legal collision or conflict of autho- rity between Federal Judge Cradlebaugh, of the Second Judicial district, and Judge Fienniken, who claims to be the regularly appointed successor of the first named gentleman. It appears thatJudge Cradlebaugh was appointed to his present position by the President for the term of four years, the period designated by an act of Congress, and hence he denies the authority of the President to remove him before the expiration of the prescribed term, unless for malfeasance in office. The opponents of Cradlebaugh argue that the power of the President to appoint implies the power to remove an officer, hence they insist on the regularity of the appoint- ment of Jndge Fienniken. This conflict of authori- ty at the present time is very embarrassing to the federal court business, as there are a large number of important cases pending in ail the d'stricts of the Territory which require speedy investigation. Governor Cumming has called an extra session of the Legislators, which will take measures to adjust the matter.By advices from Carthageia, New Granada, dated 13ctoberIT,welearnthatthegovernmenthadgrant- ed permission to the United Company to proceed —ith their boats np the Msgdalena river, and it was moped communication would be speedily opened with the interior. One of their steamboats had •tarted up the river on tat 1st of October, but re- tamed next day with the toes of the second engi- neer, and, having secured another, proceeded again Immediately. A second attack had been made upon Banu Martha, but the liberals were repulsed. Ar baiado, having received reinforcements from As* pinwall, by the English steamer Saladin, was con- fident he could defend the city successfully against any force which could be sent against hint from the Cienegu.Company P., National Guard, of Boston, con-tinue to be the gnests of and are enjoying the hospi- week. tality of the Eighth regiment, Colonel George Lyon. yesterday forenoon the guests, in full uniform,without srms. under escort of company A., CaptBurns, and company C, Capt. Burger, attendedtion than Mr. Seward. This is the secret, too, of this remarkable triumph of the republican party, notwithstanding the radical anti-slaverydivine services at the First Baptist church, in Broome street, nearjthe Bowery—late Dr. Notts. Before proceeding to church the three commands proceeded to the Braadeth House, where the in- •sited gnests accompanying the Bostoniaas arequartered art escorted then to caarch,Casn— 0* Munrhwr* -The foltowtng la the summing.1T8,§»thnfor attention and relief. The Associa'i'r; is composed of youn? men belonging to I»r. Tyug'swould, therefore, be playing directly into thehand of the adversary, just as they did play intohis hand when they seceded from the demo-cratic conventions at Charleston and Baltimore.And what do the election figures prove? Theyprove two things: first, that toe united opposi lief, let us take tbe northern counties of New light of the dangers that stare us in the tion vote, North and South, exceeds the repub-and, if rash counsels should prevail, even a fearful civil war.What is tbe duty of all good citizens in this crisis? It Is to allay the excitement, and to undo, as far as in their power lies, the causes which have led to this deplorable statecongregation.weie delivered by Rev. Mr. Montgom ry, Rev. Dr. Muhlenburg, Mr. Homens, and by Mr. ( tas. Tracy, the President of the Association. Afte r i»rayer byOr Europe will ekne la Nth stty to morrow not intend to kill any person. Jenkins, andTotal vote Opposition majorityIt is not excessive to estimate that the five seceding States hold one-half of tbe cotton crop, or say, at least, two millions of bales,Brief addresses in aid of the objecta* a quarter past on* o'clock to go by railroad, and at a quarter to three o'clock w go by steamboat.the undeniable preponderance of antt-republi The contents of too Eraors-s ED—osor raiHmuin fire broke out in the frame stables comer of thirty- can sentiment in the great commercial centresTheScoonuaE»rnonortaxBsuiswillbopoblishedat tea o'clock Is the morning. Single ooptes, is wrappers, gated.six cents. Last-night, between seven and eight o'clock, a550,000 In view of these figures, and In view also ofslaveholding people onthe left bank of the worthintoemarketnotlev than$100,000000.will oomblM too sows reoelved by mall and telegraph at second street and Tenth avenue, belonging to the the odes during the previous week, and up to the hoar Spring street line of stages, and owned by Charlesdividing stream. The farther we travel North from this river toe more Intense becomes the anti-slavery sentiment of the community, aad the farther we travel South tbe more aggra- vated becomes the feeling of hostility against Northern abolitionism.This cotton is to them as so much gold, for the world must have i t and, if no other means can be found to obtain it, will send the gold for i t Massachusetts will be as eager in this as will be Eagland aad France; and this fact strengthens the Sooth Immeasurably In its prosecution of the "irrepressible conflict" with Northern fanaticism. Let us now see what is the banking and financial condition of these Statesof pobUeaUo*.T h eOar despatches and correspondence from theBooth, published this morning, show that fromVirginia to Texas the secession excitement is stillon the increase. At Montgomery, Alabama, amass meeting waa held on Saturday last, com-posed of all classes and all parties, and allwere in favor of secession. The Governor ofAlabama had determined to call a Conven-tion to take the question of secession into con*sideration, to meet on the first Monday in January.The resignation of Southern United States Senators ly held, with moderate sales. The chief demand was and federal officers created much excitement at the for export. Wheat was la active demand tor export, national capital, and it was feared that four or five bat, the supplies being large, prices for some gradesof the North, particularly in New York, then is no excuse for secession at this time.And now a word to the North. The critical posture of our national affairs at this moment ought to teach those who are disposed to enter- tain abolition or anti slavery sentiments how fearfully dangerous is any such interference with the rights and privileges of our Southern brethren. Senator Wade, of Ohio, said, a few weeks ago. in Brooklyn, that secession would be a decree of universal emancipation. He omitted to say, what is certainly more true, that secession would be a decree of universal bankruptcy. Let both sections pause before the terrible gulf that yawns before us. Lai more moderate counsels prevail at the South, and let the conservative men at the North take immediate steps to prove that no invasion of the rights, interests or honor of their Southern brethren will be for a moment tolerated or en- couraged. In this way the social and politicalcataclasm that threatens the country may be averted. If not Heaven alone knows what the consequences may be.Secession Not Nuilim aclon—The Attitude Of South Carolina.We tee It stated, in some quarters, that thepresent movement in South Carolina is a matterof no great importance, inasmuch as there had course with Southern men as well as Northern how small a degree the prosperity of the South-Mows.Lent. The whole of the stables were destroyed, and about eighty horses perished in the flames. The total loss is estimated at about $10,000. No insurance.other Southern Senators would follow their exam- ple. The proceedings of the United States Court at Charleston, and the speech of Judge McGrathclosing the court, given among ,our extracts, indi- cates the strength at the secession movement in Sooth Carolina.hvored purchasers. Corn v u heavy and lower, and sales BO"crate. Pork was arm, with sates of now moss at |1» IB a »19 87X, and new prime at $14 a $14 SS. Sugars were heavy, yet fair sates were made, and embraced aboot 800 hbds. aad TOO boxes. Coffee was quiet, andlitionizod, while the remotest sections of theSouthern States are the most intensely proslavery. Thus, While between tbe citizen ofOgdensburg, on tbe S t Lawrence, and thecitizen of S t Augustine, in Florida, there isnothing but hatred, we see that between the Floridapeople of Cincinnati and of Covington there Georgia2 3t,876 25 3,211,974- —bis advisers, Charles Brown and John Keiger,havethe 17th of December, for the purpose of taking the necessary steps to secede. A bill for the enrolment, organization and equipment of ten thousand volunteers is the special order for this day In the Senate. Mr. Cheenut has no- tified the President and members of that body of his resignation of the post of United States Senator, and that act was hailed with enthusi- astic plaudits. Federal officials have also re- signed, and been on that account the sub- jects oi much popular attention. The Senate has passed a bill authorizing the banks of South Carolina to suspend specie payments. A day of fasting, humiliation and prayer has been ap- pointed—the 21st instant The enrolment of Minute Men is progressing. The stars and stripes have been hauled down from public places, and the State flag—a red star upon a white ground—hoisted in their place. In fact, South Carolina is at this moment de facto, if not dejurt, out of the confederacy.Things have gone almost as far in Georgia. There, too, the Legislature is in session. Sena- tor Toombs has, like Senator Chesnut, of South Carolina, resigned his seat in the United States Senate, to take effect from the 4th of March next. Senator Iverson's right to a seat in that body terminates on the same day, but the Legislature, in view of the probable action of tbe State in seceding, has not thought fit to gointo a ballot for the choice of his successor A bill, called the Retaliatory bill, imposing a a tax of twenty five per cent on all goods im- ported from States that have nullified the Fugi- tive Slave law, and exempting foreign goods from taxation, comes up to-morrow for its third reading in the House of Assembly. At a pub- lic meeting held in Augusta Saturday night, itWMresolved to submit to a rate of taxation to raise a million of dollars to arm aad organize the military of the State; and a military con- vention Is to be held In Mniedgeville ibisIn 1860 she de-and wages. In this respect as compared with the North, their position is almost impregnable. Agriculture, and not trade and manufactures,——of the second boot of Corinthians:—" The love of Tbee*,ia>dsiinilarmanifesUtioiisoftbepopu what he intends not to do, asfar as the South is man. he is likely to be a spectator of the disso- intelligence of the Sooth Carolina baakn yOWlCE M. W. 00SBUs or rTOTOW AJTJ> KASSAIJ 8TS. Christ constraineth ae." T! e sermon was strictly lar mind in the cotton States, cannot be misap concerned. That is the only course toft now luiion end mm of the powerful confederation being authorized by toe Il|BmtenTMMMS,em*t»afca***. "'•'•• - •- -1- ~jt JA^ aaundssRSV ^MMCBBM M Brwwc 9 / BBV nsnun—w • TM • - • - » —escort of company E, Eighth regtmeut, Capt. i. L. Prater, will v. it the institutions at Blackwetis am Hardall'i stands, High Bridge and other places if interest. On their return the Guard——"?5R O^/tr MMMUID MMaaekfwr anw. ST aw awawm 55* I'MX TIM «r~*d iriM w a i l . «••»••• — •*•to abetter the fabric of the government It Is true that tbe conservative classes in those States, the wealthy planters, the large slave- holders, tbe commercial men and tradersRepubllcnn Party or the Knvt «•>« Wee*—Mar. Lincoln • Positionof a scrip ural character, the speaker confining prvbeoded, and ought not to be disregarded. -'^^••""^|,,7hfir himsefiothetext. To-daytheBostoniana,under Theyindicateadeterminedpleaandpurposeto prevent the disaster which menaces the whole built np by the labors and wisdom of our fore- suspend specie payments, to- - —- L^ ^ U ^ U k x l f &>country.fathers. Anditisamelancholyfactthatfew ofMr.Chesnutrmen have contributed more to bring about this United States Senator from Sooth Carolina, and result by their fierce and vindictive abolition- Mr. Toombs as Boaster too* Georgia, aad otherv - — « " • • • •••« • •......a. »•••••»•*• Sin. •»•' will be entertained by their escort, and in theevening proceed to the Hew Bowery theatre by to the towns and seaports, are averse toThe republican party, in its entirety n geo ism than this noaogoaarian politician and one of alarming demonstrations to both States, as well graphical organization, consist} of two great hiscons It Is, perhaps, a just, though rare, his- as to Alabama, showing the rapid progress of geographical divisions, the party of the East torical retribution, that the former should live the seossstoa movnment at the South, la a and the party of tbe West Tbe Eastern divi- to assist in reaping tbe dragons' teeth that he table whioh we published ynsnwdny U wa* seen sion, of tbe hard, bigoted Puritanical school of has sewn. But few wMl envy him his reflec- that the depreciation of stocks from the lOtetatoed, tbe present depreciation of stocks wiU probably be as nothing compared with theirAKUBEMEXTS MBLOm 8 1 1 D I Il i t JCUR.w w n i •OSSSTSIAS' Tnovra.EVRMIXO..-arALBiso a Boonsinvitation of the managers of that establishment. these hasty movements; but It Is to be fear-The Guard speak in complimentary u-run of the ed that they will be unable to stem the po-liberality of their hosts in carrying out me iwres pular current, and will have to go with i t Massachusetts, covers all the New England tions.of October to tbe 10th of November ranges from fivetoflfteen percent; and if the proceedings in the Southern States, preventing the shipment of cotton to the North, and pawing bills exact ing a tax of twenty five per oent on a t goodsfor their entertainment. Ruin to their interests, ruin to the commercial The re ning and evening sermois preached in interests of the whole country, North aad South,States, the greater portion of New York, theWestern (Connecticut) Reserve to Northeast-ern Ohio, and may bo found, mors or less,scattered through the counties flanking thegreat lakes from Cleveland to Chicago. The State to suspend specie payments, aad the con from States whioh have nullified the FegMve Western, or what may be as properly called ttouons flow of specie to the South which has Slav* law, and removing the tax or tariff on the Southern division of the party, extends already set in, in obedience to the imperious foreign goods, should be continued and swe-Plymouth church yesterday, by Rev. Henry Wardand the overthrow ot our whole system of go verrtment, will be among the inevitable results of an unwise yielding to the passions aad preju- dices of the hour. Let both section* calmlySB thedemand for cotton, are indications of a statepaper, and will repay peru, .1.Two sermons were preached at Shiloh (colored) consider tbe position of affairs. And first »ewoa—Moras* Ooanv-OntBAEETTVS AMEB1CAM MTEEUH, BTOedwav.TDayaad great blame on the "radical aboUtionistg and black but five States resolved upon secession. Theselivered in the evening the sable preacher laid According to present appearances there areWith the Eastern, or New England wing ofthe party, the "one idea" of Mr. Seward, the ers, at the dangers srhioh menace -our circula future decline.men" of New York State for the failure of the franchise vote, and also visited his displeasure of what he termed the " Demetriosee" of modem times.are South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi The other slave States of the South are in favor of remaining in the Union, at least until some overt aggression be made upon their right*. A secession of these five States, tbe?* fore, will have toe immediate effect of giv-of affairs wall calculated to alarm close observ-tion and currency. The effort) of the more moderateThe first anniversary of 'The Young Men's As-sociation of St. George's Church" wa* held lastevening at the ohurch, Smyvesant squire. Theobject of the Association is entirely of a eliarfta ing the republican party majorities in bothble character, Hbeing to extend in every povsibt Hc-jfes of Congress, and will have the prospee sion orsettlers from the Southern States through- the old bank conflict of the time of Jackson way* the benefits at present conferred by St. Luke's tive effect of weakening the political influence" b«en arrested, and the case will be fully investi- Free State opposition vote over Slave StatesThe United States frigate Cumberland, Com- mander Marston, from Portsmouth, N. H., anchored outside of the bar last evening.South Carolina, surrounded by slave States,is the hotbed of secession and nullification;Massachusetts, surrounded by Puritanical anti-slavery States, is the hotbed of abolitionism. as regards specie, circulation, State debt and All this may be readily explained. The prejudices between separate communities and na-tions are greatest at the greatest distance, andare diminished In the proportion that they arebrought into familiar contact with each other.Thus the extreme northern counties of ourNorthern States are the most completely abo- AlabamaThe inclemency of the weather on S&tarday had a ten- dency to check operations in some branches of trade. The sales of cotton embraced about 4.C00 bates, included la which were about 3,6*00 in transitu. Tbe market closed with tolerablefirmness,especially for lots In tru- th , bat rather doll for parcels In store. Floor v u firm-expenditures, for from these we may form some idea of the extent of their own local suf- fering from the derangement of the currency and course of trade:—movement in South Carolina that it is a veryuon should, under the terms of the act of thelast Legislature, be called now or after the re. be followed by other States; the example isThis veteran politician may possibly have to re-nals must abandon their tone of scorn and de- fiance towaids the South and Its rights; the black republican masses must recede from their fanatical war upon Southern Interests, or they will bring disaster and ruin into our midst thatturns from the electoral colleges shall have been opened; but public opinion favors an bnaie diate call of the convention, and the probabili- ties are that the Governor will yield to the popular will. We are also informed that theup of the marahai ot the census 0? MJaaaaota:—lican vote by eight hundred thousand; and second, that the opposition vote in the free States outnumbered by 560,000 the opposition vote in the slave States. Here is the table:— ESTIMATED VOTE OF 1860.power to save the Union by conciliaUeo and justice to the South, But It is especiallyNullification UnjonMajority for nullification.amuttM OF THE SHUTS. For nullificationUnionMajority for nullificationMaaBan or THX HOVM.Fornullification Union23,00f this to infer that Mr. Lincoln will not be the line of railway, now carries a greaterMajority for nullificationHere, then, there were nearly sixteen thousand voters in the State opposed to nullifica- tion and twenty seven members of the Legis- lature, and fourteen Senators were of the same opinion. But how different the aspect of par- ties now on the question of secession. There is not a man in either branch of the Legisla- ture opposed to South Carolina going quietly out of the contederacy, and probably not a voter in the State who would raise an objection to such a course.have assumed the proportions of a warlike consider to be their indefeasible rights, is pre- pose of identification. Deeeaaed appeared tab* a •aliveserious affair, and altogether different from thecord of himself what no other man has ever had w W U W K U U W u io wnether the State Conven nullification folly of Jackson's day. If South to say—that he has witnessed the rise and fall ofCarolina withdraws from the Union, she willan empire. Born before the Revolution, he wasan eye witness of the struggles whioh ended Inthe foundation of the republic; he entered the will produce revolution here. It Is not the dis- Total populationcontagious and toe emergency pressing. Theonly way to prevent this calamity Is for thel a n eaddressesto theSouth,Fulton New York 13069States; lived through the second war witb En<r-midel cf a half e n j o y e d comsrinHj?0/7 .".'..'.'.'.'!!! !M 70would do well to wait upon him promptly, in some formal manner, demanding an exposition of his views and purposes touching the critical condition of the Unton.What say our New York republican mer-chants? What says Governor Corwin, of Ohio?Shall this fearful Southern excitement be al-layed, or shall it be disregarded until it shallarylast$7532,617inspecie. Shehas no ex- port that commands gold unless it be her manu- factured cottons. How will she prosure the cotton she requires to feed her mills and pay her laborers their wagee?The movement that is now going on in the South, In defence of what the Southern peoplestreet, Eaat river. It appeared from the evidence elicited Sai beforetheOoroeerthat00FridaynightSeceessdartsOS-served to eater the ferry gate at the above msatunsllocality and walk towards the bridge. After w e B B fop aad down the structure several times he swSSSSly halted at the edge of the float aad precipitated himself iuto tbe water. The alarm waa prompUy given by some byataadtis. and eflorts were male to reeeae the sutoi Je, but in a few seconds the form of tbe drowaiog wmtsh disappeared bmeats the surface of the water and sunk to rise no more. Tbe Jery rendered a verdict of "Death by suicide," and the body was thereopou seat to the dead house at BeUavns Hospital, far the par-extirpation of slavery, swallows up everythingelse; the Westerndivision of the party an con-tent to limit their hostility to slavery to its ex- attention to the disaster and ruin that most fatted. South Carolina, Florida, Alabama and clusion from toe Territories, and agree that Georgia, it is now stated, will secede be-certain particulars, not only te recognise, but toprotect the institution of slavery. A strong infu- have shown the identity of such a contest withNow for the application: Mr. Seward has South Carolina 3,192,748 3,000,000 115,000When we compare the small amount of these liabilities and expenditures with toe large sum belongs to toe Western school. Born in Ken- of merchantable products annually exported,boasted that he belongs to the Massachusetts school of republicans; Mr. Lincoln, we know,tucky, and living all his life under the advan- and which from their peculiar character are tages of an intimate social and business* inter- equivalent to gold, we shall comprehend tobeen a similar movement in that State nearly thirty years ago, and that that movement re- sulted in a miserable failure. Whatever may be the result of the present difficulty with the Palmetto State, nothing could be further out of the way than the conclusion that the secession- ists of 1860 and the nullifiers of 1832 occupy the same position.The relative positions of South Carolina now and in 1832 are not analogous. Neither are the political organizations of parties in that State. In 1832 South Carolina took n hostile attitude upon one single issue—the im- position of an import tax for the benefit as she claimed, of Northern manufacturers, and to thegreat detriment of the South.cides to withdraw from the Union, because her social institutions, her productions, her rela- tions and interests in every respect are menaoed by a sectional party, openly hostile to her, who have obtained possession of the government, and she feels no longer safe within the Union. Again, the people of the State were greatly divided on tbe nullification question in 1831, so that the federal government was notwithout friends in South Carolina herself,and Jackson, therefore, found it easyenough to settle the difficulty in his sledge it is known that the meeting between but if the currency of these bills is stopped,hammer fashion. The following table will show bow parties stood in South Carolina on the nul- lification question:—men, his mind has naturally enlarged itself into a more conservative view of the Institution of slavery than that of Mr. Seward, if we are notmistaken. The views of Lincoln more nearly and possess in cotton a means for pro curing any deficit, any trouble in the assimilate to those of Henry Clay; while those channels of trade and currency will affectcampaign speeches of Seward. But what are constitutes their staple of employment and awe to have—an Eastern or a Western, a Massa- failure to pay their debts to the merchants chusetts or an Illinois republican administra- would only injure these and their Northern cor-tool of Mr. Seward, nor of the Seward Massa-or less amount of specie. Let us take one ex- ample of the effect of this necessity. Massachu- setts consumes annually about forty millions of dollars worth of cotton. Her banks hold, according to the returns of the Clerk of theWe haw on several occasions called publicSooth to postponeinevitably follow the ranging of the great ma-under the federal constitution, we are bound in terial interests of the South in hostility to those fore the inauguration of Mr. Liaooto. Ve-rily Mr. Lincoln has a dark aad menacing future before him. But that would be of small oensfquenoe to the country did notout all the region occupied by this branch of tbe We have proved that a similar result of ruin the coming storm affect all IB interests, and party will very largely account for its con- and bankruptcy must follow the political rang threaten the dissolution of tbe government,of the North, under politicaltoflaences. Weand Lake Ontario; they are all strongly im- rienoe. The trouble that is in the air, all roundpregnated with the leaven of abolitionism. On us, will come too soon to be welcome to anythe other hand, take the people of the south- of the vast industrial and commercial interests incumbent on the conservative portion of ern border counties of Ohio, Indiana and that will be the first to suffer and the last to the republican party to come out andCONDITION OF THE BINES.No. Spec*8 $2,147,174O&adatwn.Florida Georgia ^MississippiSouth Carolina... 18STATE DEBTS AND EXPENDITCRK.7,477,5>76 183,640 8,798,100— 11.175,631Abtolutt 4M. 15,098,000158,000 1,604,750Attnuai expendi ConHnfftnt turtexciutioeoftion of u. Union,strife may result at last, it to destined, unless it be arrested at once, to break np all commer- cial intercourse between North and South, to end In a great financial convulsion, which has already commenced, and Involve all classes of the? community to terrible suffering aad dis- tress.THE AMERICANS rx GAKIBALDI'.S A E M T . — W e recently announced that amongst the volun- teers who went out from England to join Garibaldi was our countryman General Wheat In a letter from General Avezzaaa to a friend in this city, dated Maildaloni, Octo- ber 16, we find mention of four other Ameri- cans as being attached to bis (General Avezza-ern people will be affected by their derange- ment As these States produce to a large ex- tent the food necessary for their consumption,of Seward are of the hard Massachusetts school only the merchants and consumers of luxuries. na's) staff—namely, Charles Carroll Hicks, oftien? We are told that we shall be answered respondents.with Mr. Lincoln's inaugural address and his On the otter hand, the rupture of the com-Cabinet But the Southern secession excite- mercial relations between toe North and the ways ready to volunteer for positions of dan- ment resulting from this election requires an cotton States must bring confusion to our ownanswer at once.When Mr. Seward, en his return from Kan-sas, stopped a half hour or so to pay stopping payment, and Southern bankers de-his respects to Mr. Lincoln, in Springfield,clining to negotiate cotton bills on the! North;them was conventional and formal, asand specie continues to flow South as it has if each was afraid of bis own virtue in the already begun to flow, the whole credit system presence of the other. Each stood upon his of the North will be thrown into confusion. own dignity, and the pair separated rather as Every steamer that leaves for a Southern port,VOTE FOR MEHBXBS TO THE LEGISLATURE IN 18-1. rivals than as confederates. We are free fromtHS FOrCLAS VOTE. T every express that departs over a Southward: 15.9T17,124 chusetts republican school. But this is exactlywhat the country wants to know; and the con-.31 servative friends of the President elect, if they 14exchangee and currency. Short sighted peopleger. This to the character of the true soldier, and it to gratifying that we should have such testimony borne to the conduct of our country men by a foreigner like General Avezzana, who has himself established so high a reputation for soldierly qualities.In addition to the above mentioned gentle- men, two young American surgeons, who had been studying in Paris, have joined Gari- baldi's army. In this speciality assistance to much required, and no better field can cer- tainly present itself for the acquirement of e x - perience In surgical practice.Coroner a' LnqmeeCS.Scioma OF A* Uaaaow* MAS BT DsK>*m~ —CoronerSehlrmer held aa lcquest yeatereay upon the bad7 of aamay laugh at the idea of the Southern bankswould see his administration inaugurated with-jj out serious revolutionary embarrassments, House of Representatives on the 1st of Janu- mitted suicide by drowning himself at the foot of Oreadof Germany, judging from bis features and dreaa H» shirt was marked with the hater "A," wbicn amy ye* lead to his MenUSaatioa.CASHass Css or Fr-ffuwan TITII icvamf —Emon B y , a young man about twenty-two years of ago, re- siding at No SS West Thirty -eevantb street, was kiUed by me accidental oiaoharge ofapistol, on Krtday night, oader the following circumstanxs -Deceased it ao- peared, undertook to clean a pmtot whteh «as loaded, unknown to blm, when the weapoo, tarwagh soma care- lessness oe the part of deceaaedTWtoaed aad injured him so te rarely th a be died in a few minutes after the oocarreaoa. Coroner Schemer held an toqoestbody of deceased oh Saturday, when the Juryverdict of "Accidental death.'Number of farmsnational legislature in 1804; rendered himself cussion of the political question of secession, Number of marufacturing estahitahsasata.Southern revolution? This Is the immediate question to be considered.REUTNISCEJCCES OF A PoLmcsx CAREER,—We see it noticed in the Massachusetts papers that Josiah Qutocy.. the venerable ex President ofparing a financial aad commercial revolution in the North which will sweep a flood of bank- ruptcy over i t It matters not whether they are right or wrong, they think they are right and it is their acts, not the principles on which their acts are founded, that are producing theWe toll those who would make light of this the Harvard University, is ninety years of age. evil. The black republican leaders and jour-JJ? V " •• 2 Untitled Document Tbe total area ot Minnesota is estimated at 81 »••people of the North, and especially the repub- conspicuous while there by moving the impeach but It Is a practical question of trade, work and Number of deaths2,324,121For in whatever way thisoak DOWB saas, about tatrtv Sve years of eg*, eraocam-» «as city licans who voted tor Lincoln, to come togetherment of Jefferson, then President of the United wages. Are they prepared to meet this in the square miles, r* that the population of Minueaou 00 tas let of Juno, lSSO, was a littie ever two person to urnin masses,andiski 309 South 4th StreetThomas Mwww.fultonhistory.com. Trynsq-a'e nc•'.«. 