 hats.e* oa P«fcw DUriot.iaIn A. Dayt*«. ?hv!M Oo*4- jr: S.C.l>wj<. S«y Brown, ©f. S. Hoyt, ofVI.II. ?»*,<*ommitseesst*<»nd,c w. Wra Porter ofUM CtitDM «fbe Convea-painted by »rveen*edbjr 'or nam.d * ae**hm.The New-5> appoired »'. toe T * « - aoy contestcontestingHall Pele- bhatf of his IT. Claaiy. was closed. *e made by foxing ©JC-tce Mozart ttanTam-elock. The ,c • morningelegateeab- «;«>ud»dL ra* receivedbeingpw-Seymoar;cheer*,theWhen therycalledh* hooldhare members of rbo ia their ey combat, >r.:*.while rarily sns- •eat contest raid say tonee in the ind known pb as-well'd say also, ; >*;mocratieto a nomi- >MDocracy' usr- J Hein sayiog if nomiaee anypublic eathasias- • that be noe.of sne- onaxaph at wi because ich nnteo- weil as in >ukethem >nteat was iar f»rce Soother* been, de- id unjust ern them-Bf might Repub- j theoreti- f the right* in pr<*c- f.-ee will ; to theircms State • tion, whyr&ate* • brtgi»U- atthe tax r, and tnei a'pro- ngs. He be people eotio» toiecied the «t t > role M'.V oa a isolector words ia theStaten affairs rtythree t was be- ou them-.triumph :e of the them- poiaise].t'' -i "0 this n^s home igbt tos in oneiwi them people :following protest, which they desired to present to the Regatta of the Ifew York Yacht Convention: , ^.• • ^ ^ •Club.ventionrepresents,havebeendeeplywroog-dbytne Thedistancestiledwas40milee. Thevesselsstarted COAST. action of the State Convention, as unjus<-as it is nnfle- at 11:30 a. m., >nd returned about 5.30 p. m. Theserved,hiadmittingtoseatsupo>thefl»orvwitheqvial championprizewaswonbythesloopMallory. power to Jhat of the regular dtlegates, other persons Tbe followinc, also won prizes:POLITICAL.-La*t Sacnrday0%+*TM**th*fc*P«b!ican«ofWheel-&\wEnglh»hphrases.''-.;' -1^*\;'.:/;-; /•"' andMichaelBnrke. Wegottogetherandtalkedthe Anaddr/sswasmtO<rbyCJTU^0^Ar^^k,esq,ofSt. matter over, wb+n Fitzgp-iald said he wou'd take the Claireville who was in \&% an m*d*nt l&bort>r for Fill- T^be boys were taken from thebrigonTuesday h«fdandwooldbe"JackS^eppHrd."Weboughtsome more'selection. TiieInU-UigcrtcerK?3r*0Ctheaddressthe mere tat New- i u k » JT« *mocratie n dcrHtie - >ted,was *>restore O.overn- tiog the k. H e her over He stoodresult, 1 Yuen the rto acted aeceasityConven- . TO great ivate,to <i ia" the tp- sfting >n's op'i» og of thepa<d «o- witb tho *of the -N'ovem-on Con- •&<*<•tbonetitW tocutii to r»- WWioWT.Vira%T,yed withsolution, e«aaiid..aUDoie- >r fifteendldole- le resalt ontestedrtof thehicb, heI860.jutand of trigs me ia theirrfOLA. the dis-forthe lean8. Vo.kto> of theay H*H trios 4w jef and9 Tam- i?n i»a-' mmasy b-«ithe «b was i&u anygation, >nven- fK"tien at they> w&ifr.' t t*'«»w- tv and Ear ttt* iiiy (haJ. Mktb*»on of Octario; Jacob Lawronce of Steuben;.R. B. X>anntng of Allegany; S . E . Dai row of Orloana.long siitkg. His boat is named "The Fraternity,"after a society of that name connected with the Twen-BURKE.About three months ago, a boy named Johnny Jonescoinnenced stealing lead pipe from a house in 3hiu- bune alky in Bend street, between Broadway and the Bowerv,'and eoon after engaged in fetealing bra?s, and every t£ing that he could g^t hold of in unoccupied houses. Beitg successful in his operations, he took in partnership Lawrence Donn and John Farlan, and the three went about stealing pipe and brass from any house they could get into. They first went into the rear of a store on Bhinbone alley one morning abou 4 o'clock, and stole half a dozen bottles of coiogoe, which they d sposed of during the day, eeli-Dcring Heenan's last vhit to that peaceful city, he was nearly murdered by a mob of ruffians, who attaeked'hini with elung shots and clubs. It is to be hoped, for the credit of the city, that they will not, on this occasion, receive their guest with such striking proofs of their distinguished consideration.BROOKLYN RKecBLiCAN PRIMARY MEETING*—^Tbo Republican primarie«, to select five delegates from each waid and town to meet in Assembly District Con- ventions, for the purpose of choosing delegates and al--,,/tret aiptaxar.ee cu t|.e. L:ig was uuado in a ata:e of0! ted.All the taaw date, April l, Its*),Bheep »oid well at laat wc:*Vt pr|c4t«: qutte » large number «C ranidaut Uu>vr« nre^eot^(iit iI.-•imerdona applause.] a person to lower bimse7f from any bight, with ease - The amendment was carried amid loud and euthosi-astic cheers, and Wm. Kelly was declared unanimous- and rapidity, the seat ascending by means of theheld last evening. The meetings were all well at- tended, and a great deal of interest was manifested. In some wards bnt one ticket was presented. Tee fol- lowing are tbe delegates Bolected in the wards named: ^JFirtt Ward— John Caahow, Benj. Iloakfll, George N . Mead, John Fowler. N. G. BorposB.Sccorui Ward—Henry Quigley, Richard Austin* Choa. Cannon, James Duffey, John Caraey.Third Ward—8. M.Parson*, E.W.Fisk, J.J.Studwoll, H. N. Otis, J. C. Slaisbt.Fourth Ward—Burdett 8tryker, A. G. Clemento, W . H. D. Brown&on, S. N . Grimrold, A . B . Hauce.Mn(h Ward—Jobn J. Asdenon, Frederick D. Clarke, S. B. Higinbot.om, JunioH V . K«^arnoy, John D . Catl»"r.Eleventh JVard-XVto S. YVrfeht,. John F . Mason, David S. Simpeon, W . Andereor, Jobn S. Stryker.The above were all tbat were obtainable last night. The Aseembly District Conventions will be held on the 18th inet, at the times and places designated in theofficial call. ,s .ASSAULT ON AN OFFICER.—Last night Daniel Mc-Carthy was quarreliDg with a man on the ferry-boatitry, at the mom nt when its perpetuity is eudaogeredby fanatacism in one se tion, and tt.reateued widi ee-SEVENARRESTED.lahont $ 5 f o r / h e , Jot. T h e bedding, craoe shawlsbrccb6 shawls, eilk dresses,and other clothing, wesnd one which will roll np »n impoefog array of votes forglo»ionsold Abe ontho6thofNovember n*xt.**The delegatestothisConventionfromtieCityof *K«w-Tork, elected nnder the call of the only organiza- tion of that city, which has uniformly mam<aio«d theNKW.BEBPORI>, Wednesday, Aug. 15.,19801- The Regatta of the New-York Yacht Club tookthe generosity of the Lieutenant and bis men who sap- plied them with a few civilizedgarments,inwhehen-' gsrg of five, as John Jone* and John Parian J fetlflat-largo) leftthecro^-d, andDunn wasseotop. We (Fi'zgeraid and Bnrke) then h»d a talk, and weat this time it will readily be s-ei. that the united ac-tion of the Committee is required, and cecr&sary iu or- . der to fo'xn sach an Electoral ticket as will harmonize ell kite tie's in the btate iu favor of tbe candidVe of the Demoria'.y. H© should hope the resolution wouldprevail.that its edge was turned, but nevertheless its point took effect in Higgins's neck, causing a ghastly wound.the choracter of the cargo, the different circumstances connoted with berr aud tbe eonduet of her officers and men, that I non- cei *e there ^ y i be but little troub'e in obtaining Iter condemna- tion: but should my expectations not be realized, I aiost ear-about the city, and from the examiuationof the premises no other conclusion could be a:rived at except that the depredations were committed by lend-pipw thiaves. The week before last two dwollmg-houses in B nd-'-^.^•r-'--. - •.•-.„ 'TWMr. W . H. Wallace moved that the protest of theTammany Hall delegation be received and placed on to $9iJ 829. Thin amount.is greater than the receipt* ofSrnator Grant disclaimed anv desire of introduciig being called took O'Conor in custody and locked the resoJntton to take from tbe, Congressional represen-belongs to Mr. Adams, who with his family is absentin the country. Everything was overturned, closetsthoroughly overhauled, boxes and drawers emptied,beV-e.stripped of their bedding, gas and Croton-waterpipes torn-off. property to the amount of $lt500, inthe shape of clothes and boupehold articles, w a s carriedaway and disposed of to receivers and pawnbrokers.A mantel. clc.ck, valued at $£00, was broken up and broken np. All along the route the sidewalks were doctors no more " There was a loud explosion among sold for $2 50: The other house was stripped of lead pipe,tatives the right to sngge t the names of electors. It was simply des:gm d to se~uTe united and efficient ac- tion in the formation of toe ticket.him up.Higgins was also removed to the Eighth Ward Sta-About noon yesterday the District-Attorney dis-patched his clerk to the Achorn, on board which theentire crew were under guard. An examination washad in the presence of Lieut. Green, which resulted inthe discharge of eix of the men. Thejr could give noaccount whatever of the nature of the vessel. Theyhadshippedwithherasordinaryseamenforatradingvoyage. Capt. Parker, Lobby, the first mate, and ayoung man acting as second- mate, were' retaiued incustccy. No definite information could be elicitedfrom them. The mate asserted the purity of his mo-tivesinshippingwiththecaptain. Thebrigwillbe.matterwasplacedinthehandsofSergeantBantaandBand;Ai»fTicnnHooi artd LadderI'd No.2.with60menjDiM- g*nt Boae Co. No. 3. 40 nen, preceded by n.band: Liberty En- gine Co N o 1, 70 men, preceded by Wallace's Bond.tion-Honfte, wbeje he was attended by two physicians, Mr. Hoyt oesirtd that the harmony, BO apparent who labored over him nearly an hour before they couldAll of the machines were decorated with lamps, aud the members were provided with lamps, torches, and Roiran candles. The ptocession marched thr >ugh the principal streetg. passing in their couree nearly all of tbeengineh<UBes,andabout101o'clocktheHuewasduring the whole proceeding, shonH continue to mnrk tbe acuon if the Convention. After tbe explanation madebeshouldch*«erful)ywithdrawth»ameudmsnt and coincide in the prosperity of the original motion. |X>od applause.]stannch t b e blood. T b e wound w a s about, four inches inlength,andtwoinchesdeep. ,.0*Conner is a bouse agent, and is said to collect rents for I. M. Singer. It is thought by the doctorfilled with people to witness the parade.the customers in t i c shop, which sent the sbamefaoed druggibt into the street so quiok that he didn't know how he got there.Th** original resolution mously.w a sthencarriedunani-and t w o magnificent chandeliers were broken u p .The robberies occurring in the Fifteenth Ward, theLyman B . Smith moved that the delt*gates from the severaljudicialDistrictsberequestedtoreportthe namesofmembersforaSt«teCentralCommitteefor the e suing year. Adopted.Th©PresidentannouncedthefollowingCommittee on R-solutions:MOVEMENTS OF THE CHAMPION.—ThetivalinPhiladelphiawasasgreatapeouniarysuccessashere.TheaugustauthoritiesofBostonrefusedtheir consent to a similar exhibition in their city, audwould grant no license. Notwithstanding this un-favorableverdict,themanageroftheaffair,nothingdaunted, and resolved to gratify the citizens of " tbe No. J Greenwich street. Over 75 young men, joined bub" with a view of the great Ilittite, in spite of thd the club. The greatest enthusiasm prevailed, in theW.H.-Ludlow-ofSuffolk(Chairman),Jame*B.CraigofKlnga. John Clancy of N«-<*-Y«>rk. J. f>. Huot of New-York.Janoe* S Tb"»yer of R«nM»l«er. E . P . BuabnrQ of fl«eeo«, P«««rBOWK of Sthonectad; V\*. H. LOwrente of St. Lawrenc*), l«-au- ponnds; his diet is berries and fruit; he carries no der Babfoek of Oawttgo, Sao>u«l Kuril of H<?rkixnor. 6an>a«l O.Inconvertation,thereporterfjundtheCaptainandthe Mate to be shrewd, cautious, and plainly nervouspertons, of not hideous mien. They expressed unmiti-gated weariness of the deck of th^ir Achorn, and aid to the officers in finding aud identifying the stolenS xton* Smi h moved that the Convention now pro- ty-eighth Congregational Society of Boston, and weighs ceed to the nomination of candidal 8 for Governor,be went and fonnd it leaking out. tain, tbe rum was at his disposal. or drink it, just as he saw fit.And, said the Cap- He migh; trade itLieutenai t-Governor. Canal Commissioner, and State Prison Inspector, to be supported by the Democracy ©iNew-York at thecoaiog election.L. C. Newman moved to amend by proceeding to nominate by ballot, but withdrew the amendment.90 pounds, i.•llllI I# |W>Col. Ha»ha«ay moved to amend by declaring Wm.Kelly nnaximouslv nominated by acclamation for t*ie brackets, set in fixed sockets in tbe window frame, office of Governor of the State of New-York. [Tr-i- and a combination of reel, springs, and pulliep, makinging 't for one, two, and three cents per bottle. This ternates to the Republican State Convention, werely nominated.The Convention here roee and gave three cheers forthe nominee.Michael Connolly wanted to know what Wm. Kellyspring pnlly, as soon as the occupant has landed. It. cant that the mate of the brig wanted to know " whatwasnominated. Tbecountyhecamefromhadnot up,setinthesockets,andapersondescendedfrom been nam-d. [Laughter.]Col. Hathaway—-1 thought. Sir, every man in the Convention knew who Wm. Kelly was, and where he came from. [Loud laughter;]Justice Connolly—Weil, we have plenty of Wifliam Kelly's in New-Y ork. •the fifth story in a few seconds.FOR EUROPE.—The British, steamship Asia, Capt.I^ott, left this port yesterday afternoon for Liverpool,Col. Hathaway— Yes; but there i« no snch W ra. -with the United States mail, fifty-one passengers, audKelJy in that ei,y as my William Kelly of Dutchess. $383,911 in npecio. The Hambnrg steamer S*xonia,[Laughter and applans^.]Leander Baocock—Air. President, as nominations byacclamation stem to prevail in this bartnonious Cou- vention,Imovethat the Hon.Wrh.F AllenofOs wegobenominatedbyacclamationfortheofficeofCapt. Eblers, sailed at 11 O'clock, taking out 146 pas- sengers and $300,000 in specie.. i ' mBALLOON ASCENSION.—Mr.0.G-.Maynardniadaa succeffful ascension from Palace Garden yesterday, in tbe balloon Skylark, landiog eafely an hour afterward at Bay Ridge, Long IelandLm •YOUNG MKN'S REPUBLICAN CENTRAL COMMTTTEK.—The Young Men's Republican Central Committee heldlieutenant-Governor. plan>e. ][Loud and enthusiastic ap-Motion carried, arxiid warm cheers.The Convention then proceeded to ballot for a candi- date for Canal'Commissi n*»r.Charif s 8. Hoyt uamed Wm. W . Wright of Ontario. E- A. Ogden and D . S Tins wero alto named.Dunn, who was at the head of the gang, told us heOnthefirstballotMr.Wrigbtreceived116votes, aregularmeetinglastevening,Dr.VanWyckintheb*inga»aige majority of the Convention, aud de- chair. The usual bueinees of the campaign was trans- clared unanimously nominaud amidst applause.G. T . Thomas of Clinton, moved that Wm. C. acted, and the following resolution was adopted, with'Rhodes of Chemung, be nominated by acclamationbut one dit'penting voice:Rrxolvfd, An tbe *?D«5 of tbl« Committee, tbat tbe conr«« pur- aned by bi» Exc^uVncy Edwin D. Morgan as Governor of tbe S'ate, u one meriting tbe iiidorneaient of every oppouent of cor- rupt leginlation; and tbi* Committee, in expressing tbe h>>p« tbst he will be reno«;inat«d for that office, but «cho the desire of alt those w h o have at heart.the true welfare of the Republicantbe locks. In the evening, after the place wa-i shut, we went up again, and stole three oil paintings and two engravings, which w e took to our houses in Mott street. The IDHD was inovine* away, and thus we hadWIDE-AWAKE PROCESSION. —Tbe Wide-Awake Club of the Twentieth Ward, under command of Capt.POLICEMAN RUN OVER.—Officer Laugbran of the Second Ward wan run ovor by Hose Carriage No. 20 • during a faJee alarm ia the Eighth District last night, and seriously injared. He was conveyed to the Station-fcr tbe office of State Prison Inspector. [Loud ap- 4. plaoee.jHalf a dozen delegates seconded the nomination. -a belter opportunity to get in. W e went up to this Gavit, had a. torchlight procession last night, and lloojse. place three urnes^ and the last time Dunn brought three{•mailer boys than us, named W d y and John Taylor marched throngh the Sixth and Eighth avenues, Broad-(bro;b.ei>), and Billy McGloan. They were to carry way/and other streets, attracting considerable atten- away the fmall articles, and w e offered them sixpenceeach. After getting cjur stuff' w e eeparaied, and on tion along the route The members were all proddedCol. Hathawax—I believe no on« will object to thenomination of this n»st excellent officer. I only knowonez-aughtythingofhim,andthatis,thatheoncede- party. mclareo he would have a Democratic chaplain at Auburn,2f.be had to go to the devil for him. [Liui laughter.] A DANGKROITS COUNTERFEIT.—Last evening infor-with torches, the officers carrying lanterns. Upon passing Stuyvesant Institute the Rail-Splitters' Bat- talion, havrog their headquarters at tbat place, turned out en-maee. with their lighted torches, and loudly cheered the Wide-Awakes..•-iCanibridge *JattIe IAarket«HxpoHTun roR T B * N. Y. TKWTOB, HT GHO. Rvrr. W*i»-aM>AY, Aug 15 loGCWbol«» number of Cattle at o»vk*t 1-.2TO. aberrt 1,000 Beeves- nnd 272 Store*, oon.brtinj? o' Working Oxen, Ulloh Cowv, aaA oue, two, ard three yeart old.P);tCKt»oi> MAKKRT B B K F —Extra, ft€ T5Hi*7: flrrt qoattty, «•<;fOjsecondquality,$6SO;lhadquality, *!T5;oxdi«*.y. f.2 75.PKJCJW OJ» STORK CITTLK.—Workittj; Oxea, per pelx, UP m. $75 to *lM>;,Cownnnd Ct.lve«, from *20d*30^*4S Ut * * • ; v^arlinira. uone; Two yeant old, HO to iH2; Three year* oM. »Htos-n.Sheep and Lamba, 7,265 at Market; Prloea in lota, * l » * t 85- 'itfyl50each;Extra$2-3*230**4Mr. Rbcdes wag then nominated by acci^tnation mation was,, given Capt. Walliog of tbe Detectivethe way home the tbr»-o little boyB were shoppedby a policeman, and being unable to give any ac-count of lbea selves, were) taken to the. Station-House in the Fiite^nth Ward. Willy, Jonnuy, andBilly Wowed on the rest of the gang, and the police ar-rt eied Dunn a i d both of ua (Fitzgerald and Burke).The magistrate Bent Donn and Burke to th« JuvenileAsylum, frorx which the former escaped. Barke wasdischaiped after ten days imprisonment. JUHUCM Con-nollysaidhewouldletme(Fitzgerald)gobecauseIdidniu,Leanythug. Wethengottogetheragain.au LinethatrunsbetweenthiscityandBaltimore. Toisamid very enthusiastic demonstrations.Nine <b*ers were proposed for the complete ticket,which we»e given with a hearty will, and after n< tices bad been given of tbe place of meeting for the t everalforce that $5 counterfeit bills on the Bull's Head Bank were in circulation in the city, and the fact was tele- graphed to the different Wards by Operator Rowland.Committees, the Convention adjourned till 9 to- Soon thereafter the following arreets were made: Inmorrow.A WccdwgrdhasbeenaddedtotheInlandPropellerSi'RACtsK,.WednesdayAug.15,1860. nigtt at the Syracuse House. Tne Comau tee of tbeB« 11 and Everett party arw meeting iu an adjacentKIIXMK mox JLkOa8TA.TB.TheCommitteeonElector*arenohliogasesiionto- WardDanielKeefe; in the FourteenthWardauun-Cr-xx^ 8A-p it. Lb'*.girU«v7»room.sntirtlfpreH-r.tation of a Douglae Electoral Ticket acceptable to the Union men. ^Vermont Mauacbuurtti New-YorkA Vesrtern Canada.3«C . 29 2*iSSl&SThe negotiations, between the two bod.ea are barmoiiions thus far, and will resale in the,John C. Beenan at Pbiladelphia.pHltanetPHlA,Wedneed.v,Ann.15,18«0. John C. Heenan's exmbitioa at Camac's Wood*,to- <faj,was bvrgclv attended, fhere were over f>,000 perKns inside the fif«y-eeot inclosnre, and twice thatnumber onteide. T h e alfair pawed off with eclat,•Movements or Mr. »ou«!a*,Ac.B A N O O K , Me., Wetfnesday. A'ig. XS>f lobU. Mr. Douglas anived nere to-day, and had a warmreeeptton H» made a spe«-ch.The 5feong M*n s Democratic State Convention metto-day, and was largely attended.T otal...... 1272 7,275Hidet, (r'UVU 4P » . Tallow. G2Ulo. ^ lb. reiu,soo'»*ineach. Celt Skixta l!-2tl2c. -^ tb.N. B.—Beef ExtraendKir»tqnolity btoludea notUngbei *•NEW-YOUR DAliif TRIFUNE, THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, ma—,-,-a> . •i„.Silllll.|, ^T.M.1$Tiie l'«:ud cries of tbe injured man attracted the atten- nestly hope the Court will find Ho c»uao of suspicion suffioien-ly strong to relieve TM« from all cluims for damages, 8to.. that terror tion of some passers-by,.whointerferred and prevented of all our naval offic»rs w h o strive for a conscientious dischargeO'Conor from doing further barm. A policeman cf their duties on this station.".fetreet were entered and thoroughly ransacked. One tlieuiii/ona cf thfrcompfiny; Phoenix Ho*<» Co. No. 2 ; Sbelton'athat Higgins cannot eurvive his injuries. at the New-York Hospital.He now liesAHARDRow.—Mr.B.V.MartinofBostonisonsurrenderedtotheUnitedStatesMarshalto-day,andOfficerSherlock,whohavebeenatworknightand day for tho last week in watching the gang. Yesterday the officers nearly completed thotr work, bavinAar- reetedtheentiregang,andrecoveredthegreaterpart of the stolen property. Two of the boys, one of whom was the Jack Shepherd of the gang, rendered material111 m 1 ii THEWIDE-AWAKEMOVEMENT.—1largeanden-biswaytothiscityinatwc~oaredwherry.*Helef Boston last WVdneedny, and expects to reach this city to-day. Mr.Martinisavegetarian,nothavingeatenthe prisoners^ await farther disposition of their an- towaid affairs.thut-iastic meeting of the Republican Wid«-Awake« of tbeFirstWard,JosephGardinerCommandant,was heldlaetnight,attheirheadquarters,BatteryHotel,any meat but once for.three years. His weight is 140 Hathaway of Chemung, W J. K*>]ty of 0'i^-go, H R Pomoroy water, as the berriesanswer all purposes for quencbingof Doyuga. John H. Jvu«8 of Living <tou, F . A- Stucton of Cattar- thirst. His outfit on leaving Boston was two pair or champed "the ends of their cigars in impatience to be •gua, and C C. Torranc» of Eri«.articles, which they had sold or pawned. The. follow-ing joint confession from two of the boys gives a fairinsight into their operations: •n.idpt of v«hich cheer upon cheer were given for Lin- coln and Hamlin. The following persons were elected delegates to represent the First Ward at the General Committee: Jpbn Ccnley, W m . Walsh, and John BatteTsberry. The meeting then adjourned, to most on Friday evening at 8 o'clock. ,At a meeting cf tbe Republicans of the Nineteenth Ward, held at Shott's Hotel last evening, tbe follow- ing gentlemen were appointed a Committee on a Wide- Awake organization, to report next Tuesday night at a meeting to be held at the Wigwam: Robert E. Bate- man J . W , McDonald, N . A . Babcock, S, Reynolds, W. S. Pihckney, J. H. Brown, J. Osborn, H Bab- cock, W.B.Rockwell, H.Dunn, H.Stuart,A.D. Kennedy, and W . A. Jiuh. A Committee of three was also appointed to confer with the National Wlde- A wakes, in accordance with a resolution adopted by tbat Association on Monday evening. .Tbis W a-d has been "wide-awake " enough to construct a pleasant and commodious wigwam, anditis Iwlieved the pres- ent undertaking will be crowned with a like success.•1m'•'••BULL'S HEAD.—This has proved, as may be seen from the report of the cattle ma.ket, a hard week for the drovers; the second day, though much heterweather, proving no better for business than the 6 rst.and prices running a little lower than any of tbe low mar- kets a year ago, or any of the lowest of the p'oseat peaeon, the rar go per lb. net being from 5 to 92 cents. At noon it was thought that all the bullocks coold aot possibly be eold, but at 4 o'clock the prospect was rather more favorable, though at very low rates for the tail of tbo droves, owners being afraid to hold over with a fair prospect of faring woree.STACKED.—Last night Charles Garaner, David Sea- man, and an unknown man, engaged in a quarrel oa tbe corner of Cb*ttnut and Madison streets, wheu the unknown man etahbed Gardner in the abdomen, inflict- iDg a wound likely to prove fatal, and then made his eecapc.The following Committee onan Electoral Ticket was pants, two linen shirts, two undershirts for rowing,, athen reported:' shawl, India rubber coat, four quarts of whortleber- Robert T Grant of Sa71r*an; Smith Ely. jr., of New-York; ries, some appl«s, coast chart, pocket compass, nof-eJehu T'. Brigga cf New-York: Kober*. Christie of Richmond;Wn>. Chuurx*rl->in of Duteh**M; Jsmw S. T»a>«r' f R»m>*«<«la/T; book, pencil, watch, and matches. He is in goodhealth C h. ABetfof W»»bln(^on; J. W . Carroll «f Fulton; D. Pratt of and spirits. Tbe only fatigue he experiences is from Onondaga; L. C. SSvyivzot L»wi»; N. B. ~Lo>wd» of Broome; J.atdiore. Of course, the mission of the brig was a par- fectly natural and lawful one. T h e coppers ? Tii<-y were frequently u&ed for training palm oil. Why, however, should tbey not be go ;d articles of traffic ? Eepe ially with the French barr&coons ? ' They were needed by the " people" there. As for the rum, it was real Jern>y lightning. The missing, fluid bad leaked out. The mate rememWed the day dUftincly whenCONFESSION OF ANDREW FITZCER.AXD AND JOHN amusement, will have bnt a short distance to travel.AUTOMATIC FIRE ESCAPE.—A new fire escape, patented by Patten & Terry of Troy, was exhibited infiont of Lovejoy'a Hotel yesterday. It consists ofIn the letter of Lieut. Le R*y to the District^Attor- ney'it is mentioned that the officers of the Achorn were anxious to learn the fate of the Falmouth, sent home frem Porto Prajo by the steamer Portsmouth. Tiie reporter was ahio asked for inf irmation about the Fal- mouth. It may also be regarded as s'mewhat signifi-may be operated from the street, or from any part of a building. The machine is compact, and may be stowed away in a trunk, ready for iDStaut use. It was takenoffice Mr.Greeleywasafter now,"andwhetherthe same gentkruan had y6t returned from "hid European tour." Both the captain and the mate are convinced that they will speedily be restored to their position of right-minded seataring intn.TUK UNDOUUTKD SLAVER. -^The U. S. steamer Cxusader, which has done such good service in tt-e cause of captured humanity, came uponthebrigWi1kmH.Kib>y,ofNew-York,(fur which the steamer Mohawk had put her on the look- out,) off the iBland of AuqurDa, on the 23d of July. Ths Crusader was decoyed from the real game by a light barge which, stood out as soon as she came in eight. Three bonr.? or more were lost in the chase of tfcis vef 8rl, the Harriet' W . Fi?k, and by the time the steamer could re urn t.o the Kibby she was apparently just deserted by all-hands. Tbe large number of slaves bad been hurried off by Spanish boats. The cal-in break'ast was left untouched on the table. Of asharp, trim build, tue brig- was in every detail fitted for the inhuman trade. There was the slave deck aud galley; thereweie the buckets and Bpoons in piles; and the provision* rcariy.cookrd; and a great assortment of casks, tanks [&.C., deceitfully bestowed as merchandise.After tbe BUVO brig bad been seized, a td while she was in motion (under command of Lieat. J. M Dan- can), a Spanish echooner came out from the shore and tailed around her, with a view, as was subsequently learred. of taking l e r live a r d other movables of value, aid giving her.to the flames.It was told the Crnpader at Havana by the most reliable sonrces, that the brig had landed 413 of our f/llow-creatures. Tne brig pursued her course to Key West. Hero, to the eurprite cf the men in charge, three Congo boys appeared saddenly on deck, emerg- ing from a concealment which they had maintained moiethanaweek. Whetherinthehastydesertionof the brig they managed to elude the vigilance of their thieves, or whether they were purpos«ly left behind as worthier, cannot be known. Certainly the Congo boys gave plain proofs of an origin not inferior to that of their eaviore. They evinced the feeling of gratitude. The emotion of joy was manifest on their ebony frt0'S« Ttcy grew lively together, and had couneel, which, although hard to be underfctoftd, was evidently sweet. Thej repaid tbe kindness of Lieut. Duncan with fan- tastic !e-;formf>riCe» en the light toe.to tf» strains of a bai.jo on board.The*epersonshaveronchinfeatureincommonwithour fellcws who never dread captivity. T t e age oftbe clost ia apparency iS, that of the youngese 11.Their;faces are foil and good-aawreu, of bright exprea-tbe Twentieth Ward an unknown man; ia tbe 8ixthWardJamesWatersandChristianEden;iotheFifthN E WSTEAMER.—Tben e wpropellerWilliamknown man, all having money of the de-cription Mtated. The counterfeit was well executed.ASSEMBLY DISTRICT CONVENTION.—The Vth As rembly District Convention met las: night at Jefferson Market, and finished their nominations for delegates to tbe Syiacuse Convention. Alderman Starr was chosen delegate,andN*L?onD.Thayeralternate.The delegates from the let Assembly District to the Syracuse Convention, elected last evening, are Henry Smith, Louis Naurnan; alternate*, Amor J . William- son,O.H.Kopp.mF A T A L Accmi:NT.—Last night, an unknown man was knecked off the string-piece of Catharine Ferry by one of tbe ferrj.-boHtn, and instantly killed. His bedy wav taken to the Seventh Ward Statiou-House.fis the fifth new boat built expressly for this route within a.ebort period, making a fleet of ei«ht capacious daily runt-ing vessel*. Tht. Baltimo e and Ohio Rail- read connects »ith this line, thereby forwarding large qnantiiies of flour; grain, cotton, and other produce. The WL-liam Wood *ardv Capt, Cuudiff, E. S. Jones, engineer, was built at tbe Peun Worha, Philadelphia>,....,..,THE SLAVE TRA&&* AWAFRICAN MERCHANTMAKAND'SKiE8L: L(f$OVhonest nudity.v JThie primeval order w;as reversed by Feftige nntil Ie was 21 years of age. This broke up.IMERCHAKblSE BROUGHT INTO PORtf—A stf»- they manifested pride. • At market rates the persons coTclnrffd to form another gang. We took in John *evKgulaiity of the S'a'e organization which this Con- pjace here to-dav. There were twelve entries made. PECTEp/ CRAFT CAPTURED ON THE AfRlCAlf xsre worth about $500 a person. They have caught a King. Edward Mona^an John Donhe'lr, John Re*d, tiful Lincoln and HamHn ^ ^ J * th* ^ifth War4.jeeJdfeg in that city, who have-not been chesenata Schbonexs—^ ir8^olass, Madgie; second-class, Haze;popolar assemblage of any kind, but been dmmted to third-cW, Bonta. 'tiuevxi here oplj by a loc»l orgrtrizatioo, which «as Sloops—Firet-tlass, Julia; second-class, Miallory; hnll afibrdiDgtbe eye of the visiter raogipgbeyond the were cotTv y ^ <liAbrig,hermaphroditebynature,layofftheBrook-lyn Navy Yaid all yesterday, with the colors of our afters oon, by depnties of the United Sta^s Marshal, candles one night each contrtbutirgacent, and weatcountry flying brightly at her masthead, and her neaJnot only repudiated by the State Coavcution last vear third-class, Narragai*sett. will be abo w n them until they can be reat.red to their rear, and get into the honse No. 9 throngh a coabhole I to the people who heard him. Hw audtew*' MP* get-bury scenes of the docks no confirmations of the sus- gratirg. We ncade three visits to this bouse, and *ach tinfflhrucr srd larger throflgbomt .the ^ ^ A S C T S that fcnt *teo by a decisive vote in the N tuonal ^onveoMon . Tbe weather was fine, but the wind light. Tbe city picion actually entertained tbat that symbol of universal native land. time carried away clothes, gas fixtures, andlead pipe he ~ppoke, and every one listened with t^;«b^est aad -which nominated our Pr*Mtdeut<al candid »tes Required was crowded with people to witness the regatta. and blessed freedom should be displaced for tbe black- About noon yesterday the brig was surrendered to On the first visit wo looked all abound the house and most rapt attention. There was no wcarinees aboutto decide enddeniy upon the action under an uoexpecVMidec»ionthoseheretoforeregardasfriends,theydosowith a deep, heartf«»t sense of the importHOco of thegreatest poHMblrf uuiy in the Democratic rauks atpresent The erwria is not merely for the sake of the ten. last itgK, on the arrival of the train with th* a crew offcevenmen, she Bailed from her port early in great National D-mocratic party, but also of oar conu-ceesMn in the other. For this reason, they will retain the Wide-Awakes with their torches; a procession wa« their seats in the Convention, nod snpport its nominees, formed, and marched through tbe principal streets to out deoHne to cast any votes th rein whi -h can be nen- the Wjgw»m, wh«Te tbey w*re welcomed iu a brief traHz-o by the totes"of men from the City of New- but eloquent speech by the Hon. Joon Went worth. Yo>k w>o bave not been d*-I«gated to tSis C^nven'ijn Mayor. The Zouaves then marohed to the Briggs ©y the Democracy of that city, and are ho-j.ild to thotr Hoose, where snnper hnd been prepared. SpeechesUNOCCUPrED HOUSES PLUNDERED—CONFESSIOIf took to different pawnbrokers, none of whom a«ked usfile. Carri-d. . 8ny com epocding week .of Angast eiace 1847. The- J o h n J . Taylor from the Committee on Permanent agprfgate receipt for 1860, to Angust8, are $1,248,286, and just waftingfor an invoice^ There wasnoregu range from 10 to 15 years of age, and all are children street in the same way, and stripped it of all tile bras* S. Nichols.iI"vIp<Ss-?r N,J*:Tfrk: fV,A„*- ^ <>r Wortohe-ter; II<.£»rH,Moa»on,ofOneida;VIE.J.Borhan,.of DekwW C n L S s 0 1 7 ? o n a «r o J. °f Cayuga; Villi C. J. Alton, ofBOSTON, Wednesday. Aug.15,1860..ThebrigWm.Mason,fromSUMartin's,viathe'Sombrero'Gnsno Tsland July'26, arrived here to-day.dles, boxes, and drawers, all ready to remove. W e rousing meeting oh the 10th, Wm. P . Cutler of Wash- Nothing in the way of plunder escapes their greedy went there twice, arid the eer-ond tiroo were disTOvered ington County, was nominated for Congress. Then8he reports that everything was quiet at the latter ^^rtor^.—FtrttDfsbiciiMowD.G«l«acdS%muelBoarJ- *ulace,whereshetouchedtolandtheGovernorofthea« the captive colored animal.is commonly fed from. A having only a;few things in our pockote. W e also tried dicu*< grove, where Gov. Dennison held together an baiTelmarked"merchandife"incloseddisinfecting- receivers,andputoffwitbatriflingsum.Thegangs toenterNo.63Bleeckerstreet,andthe"Chambers5??°* °VI?*Tr. ,o r k ; Second .DU'rict, bawronco HanJr, of S 3 p * - i . T b l d P**trl«*» w - C Doiby. of UaUt&. Fourth DJ- trJct\\n>.H.vvaliw*.ofS*La«T*uc«;Fifth District,E.J. Clark, of J«.ner«on; Sixth LUtrlct, HL A. Dow, of Tompkinn; B«V«B b District, J. J. Mattbon, of Ontario: Eighth, Dvirtct. A. J. McNwl. of Ailecany.Ti.erepottwasreceivedandadopt-1noanimoasly.Col.HathawayofChemung,audMr.-Ludlowof Snffolk, w*re appointed a Committee to conduct Judge Willed to the chair. . As the Fresidnt took his 8«at he wasgrt-eted with lend applause.wHe addressed the Convenuonasfol'ows:,Island. The leader of tbe negro inwurrectioniats was stillonboardthebarkWarren,ofBaltimore.. • —•U. S. Steam-Frigate Powhatan,PHILAOKLPHIA, Wednesday,Aug.15,1860. TheU.S.steam-frigatePowhatan.arrivedattheagf nts, to keep the produce of Africa sweet all the way referred to were heretofore known-as "lead-pipe Savitgs street Bank," in the same street, but were un- immense crowd for three hours by a powerful sr^eecb.nger than io pro> ise to dischargr tbe duties of the position j on have ataignod m e to the best Of my anility.A diapnta occurred yesterday afternoon at the stable-No. 41 Snlh*van street, between a man named JosephCharles 8. Hoyt moved to a t end that the delegates from the coverA Judicial Districts repert tne names ibr Electois from each districtNavj-Yard this morning.TERRIBLEIN THEEIGHTHThe supp'Cions of Lieut. Le Roy were strengthened the cellar, and then tearing out all the lead-pipe. The bytbeequivocalandcontradictoryconductoftheper-,greatrumbercfnewandunprotectedhousesintheup for examination. cording Secretary; Geo C. Rice, Corresponding Se- cretary; James Ty rrell, Captain; with the usual list FIREMENS RECEPTION ANDTORCHLIGHTPRO- ofminorofficers. Excellentfeelingandmuch,ou- CESSION.—Liberty Engine Company No. 1 of Jewey tbmisp.ru were manifested, and, afterone or two stii*^ City, brought home their new engine from Philadel- ing speeches, the Club adjourned with rousing cheersAFFAIR WARD.Gentlemen of the Convention, I beg leave to returnyon my profound -hank» for the hon r you have doneme in calling n e to preside over your deliberations. A MAN'S THROAT CUT WITH A BUTCHER His replies were vague. On the point of supercargo After hearing the eloquent add'eaaee made by-theENQiJem*-n who preceoed m<», I shail detain you noupper part of the city afforded a fine fieldfor the oper- ations of the " lead-pipe thieves." and during one yearKNIFE.he mixed himself up, first assigning that office to a for- eigner, afterwards claiming it himself, but professing utter ignorance'of the what or where of the cargo. While the Search was in progress, no effort was madeit wae estimated that damage to the amount of $50,000 phia, last niglf,. and were honored With a torch- for our leaders and our cause.wae done by these young depredators during their ex- light procesrion by several companies of their brotherccraions. fiiemen. The engine is a double decker, formerly be- EQUAL RIOHTS.— A good deal of merriment hasFrom Btealing lead pipe they extended their opera- longing to Northern Liberty Engine Company of been created by a story now current in Williams-having a touching farewell with Lieut. Duncao, and np to N*. 9 Bond street. . The family was away in the and the speakerve e t0 narter8where the proper attentioncountry. W e all went through 8hinbone alley to the I <( He m^de a capital speech, and one * W w*nt bow*' . " , . — • • • 68 ransacked bureaus and elopers, and picked no some the spirited array of fads and weH-rrrrtcoahwerrts vr*»i^Ji TheXounxekatHome. andwickedflagofthepirate.ItwastheThomaB theUnitedSfcfc' Marshal,andtowedtoAtlantic stufftotakeaway.Kingtookalotoffinebooksto Mr.Arrickeloqrentl;andcopiouslypuredforth.Wsr• CHICAGO, Wfdueeday, Aug. 15,1860. Achorn, of New-York. Under the command of Capt A salute of one hundred jeuna was fired at half-past John W . Paiker, with James M.Debby as mate, andDock. •.."" . the stable IDthe r»ar, and, concluding that he couldn't only regret that our'eftarc now compels us to forego dtepese of them for much, tore them up ard th<-ew anytbinp like even an outline. It was such a speech A GANG OF Jl'VENILE CRIMINALS. th*m into the mants> hole. W e sold the gas fixtures as woold addreee itself io th* plain, good, hard senseZouaves. Tbey were met at the depot by Gen. Swiftand staff, and tbe entire military of the city, the Police the past Spring, and ran in 93 days (tbus eait-h the De}artnient, Tnrner.Societies, Fire Department, and caption), to Cabenda, on the coRst of Africa. In the!»"BOY-BURGLAR^afd 'Mk*% M/if' ^3?nerVTl30 . ^ T e ^ . a f i together, of the audience by which the speaker w:a#-surrounded, .bay there, she found tbe United States steamer Mysticand one trading vessel lying, and was engaged in peace-ful traffic with the .nations who came to her in theircan<:ee, when she was ^unexpectedly called upon byoffice* e of the M\rtic. who, with little ceremony, wentabout a search of the craft The result of their exam-inationseemedeatiefactory,for.theAohrnwasat the.lateMr.Soeppard. Nowandthenthepolicear- out,weforgotoneoftheimages. Wetookthec^ocionce taken in charge by Lieut -Commander W . L . L e reeud two or three of the young thieves and sent tbem to 8imreon'a in the Bowery opposite Soring streetRoy, by.him commuted to the' direction of Lieut. to the House of Refuge but the gangs were generally and to Simpson's in the Bowery near Delancey street,Gieen, and by bisorders directed to New-Yoik on the eo large that these occasional loppiogs off did not in bo+b of whom refused to take it. W e then carried the to the State Convention from Rrckland County, Lutherclock to a yard in Spring street, and smashed it Caldwell of Pierroont, a r d Edward S- 8trausof Rawa- any way dimiuish the main body. The vacant places with a big stone, after which wo took it to- Mrs.were soon filled with new recruits, to whom daeio-; Lyons, in Baxter street, and sold it for $2'50. W e po, were cboeen. The following delegates were cHosear What tbe impertinent officials found led them to sanctions were given. The members of these gangs divided the money—Jack Shepherd keeping the most. to the CongreMrional Convention: John Cbrirtie, iLOrgsnization, rt-poried tbe f^Uowiog officers: an it crease over 1&59 of $500,825.I*r**ukru—Hon. John Wfil^rd, of S«»tor».n^TPrT^&nt*^'1\Dl'^xict Kobert B. Bradford ard MIcba«l Sombrero Guano Island Troubles.. OrgaTvjzation and usage?.m (S«gD*>J) THOMAS B. TAPPAN, Chsltmu.Jo«»HAKOT,Secietury.Dr. Bradford, on the part of the Mozart Hall Dsle--gaiion, protested against any furtheraction on tbe p»rt of too Convention m relation to tne New-Y/ork case; *wbi, h bad been tetUed *»y the Committee iu winch the Convex-tion h~d no coofid*nee.laudatory of the Zonaves were made bv several gen- tlemrn. ITie festivities were kept up till a late hour. Severalbuildingsalongthelineofmarchofthepro- ccesion were brilliantly illuminated.Canal Tolls.•exploits which almost equaled in daring the feats-of worth $50 each. They were on the mantle in the with stones and pistole a Glee Club in attendance, byAL-BANY, Wednesday, Aug. 15, 1860. the evening of tbe 27th of June. The Canal tolls for tb« first week of Angust amount• OF TWO OF THE GANG. any queetions. W e got about $25 for the clothing,1 foe. We tore up the ticket*, ae King said we should County, Illinois, was, on the 6th insf., broken ap byFor many years past our eity has been infested with be caught with them, and it would be bad for us. the Democrats, who, not satisfied with driving from numerous gangs of juvenile burglars, committwig ex- Among other things, we took away a largo bronze the ground their peaceable fellow citizens, assaulted tensive depredations, and not anfr-quently performing clock worth $500, and two bronze images to match,think that the'brig was engaged in the negro trade, We next entered the unoccupied house Nv7Bbnd C. De Baon, Isaac Sherwood, George Oldfleld, and*.:ton representing himself in command cf the Achorn-fApplaoee.]WB. H . Ludlow moved the appointment of a com- No. 25 Grand street, and George Higgins, a colored to viidicate the calling of tie craft. Three fore:gners, tions, tearir g off locks, and knobs, and gas-fixtires, Philadelphia, and was.diepoeed of in consequence of burgb, in which a w*ll known colored barber in •mittee of two from each Judicial District to report resolutions. Carried.Hon Robert T; G ant moved the aopoiutment of a committee of one from each Judicial District to report anElectoralticket.O'Connor, a house agent by occupation, residing atman, who lives near tbe scene of the occurrence with two fortign servants, were said to be passenger and.destroyingot'rer household appointment, fn all the latter company having laid it awde for a t»team fire Fourth street and a druggist near by figure. TheO Connor kept a borpe and wagon at the stable, andTbey were to be lnnded at Cabet.da, and tbence to their operations tbey have been encouraged by receiv- engine. It is a firet-claee engine lavishly decorated, drtggb-t has recently set up a soda-water fountain.work tbey kept up about two weeks, stealing coiogue everv nigbt, and sel'dcg it during the day. Tbey w*re finally caught in the Fourteenth Ward" by Policeman Sullivan. Dunn was hallooing, '• Here's yonr coiogoe water, three cent* a bottle," when the officer asked him where he got it from. Dunn said he found it. on a log in Shinbone alley, but tbe. officer, not' liking h s story took him to the Station-House, and upon examining his pockets, found 75 cents in them. Dunn aftei being locked up awhile, confessed where he got t) e cologne, when tho owner of the property came forward ;>nd identified it. H e swore that ov»r a cartload had been stolen from his place. Dunn got out of;prison on bail, and escaped, luey u6«d to. take ti"-e cplogne out in the morning and hide it in a bu' Cher's cellar in Houston street, until they got ready to sell i- One morning while they were stealiug a cok-goe a servant girl in a neighboring house saw them raiding the window to get into the premises, «nd told them to •" get,away or she would have them ar- r* Bied." Dunn drew an unloaded pistol and snapped a cap at her, which so frightened her that she was afraid to raise an alarm. They then went into the house un- molested. -, After getting all the cologne they could, they came aerobe us (Fitzgerald and Burke), and took us into the gang, which theii numbered five.at tbe foot of East Thirty-fourth street, when ofii <er knew of a picture-store on Broadway, near Eleventh Johnson interfered. M iCarthy then struck the officer street, that w e conld easily r o b . ' So one morning, on the head with a hammer, inflicting a serijus wouad.about, 6| o'clock, we went tip there aud entered the The efficer Bucceeded in taking McCorthy to the Sta- pla e through the cellar-door, and took observations of tion-Heuse. 'crt eked a tew building in Eighth street, naur Thlravfrue, which we btripf ed throughout of lead pipe,e<ch one carrying away a loic. W e went up iherethree times, atd at each trip carried away-some lead.We sold the bad to Mr. Lyons, keeping"* juuk shopat No. 138 Baxter street. She gave us four cents apound, and told us that ahe would buy all w>cou:d bring. She told ug also to cotne in one ua time, arid never to tell any body about it. Tbe las tiaewowentnptoEighthstreet aprivatewatchmanbeard tib at work nailing up a bux, a n i pounced inui>on U8. He caught me (Fitzgerald) and Duon. Thiother bevfi got away. W e were liken to the Seven-teenth Wu'C Station-House, aud sent to Essex M*;ket Court,andc</mmittedforexaminatioijbyJuaticiBroii- stroke,26inchee. iau. While .we were in piis'-n my*father "(PatrickMalnr. .1C7New-liautptihiie.... ..2«2040 L493 2,i60 • 175 438^ J.370C*1T»«.Fitzgerald) got a note from Alderman I&ydmey to Jue- tice Brennan, and on that r.ote the ma^flSrate let utei-ion; thifir foime are banfeome acd etrong. Tr.eir bk:o 1-^.d convicted. He W:OJ mv.t to the House of and tbe word Ave hi larpt letter* at the bottom, In black t:wto*d good quality fur* uUKtainel. ' -matwww.fultonhistory.com. •£.Untitled Documentrutlor, andcovered with large glass nhades. In goiu;which tome pergonal injury was inflicted, though for- tunately ho life was taken. "of poor persona living in the viciuity of the Fife fiatjUree'and 'ead pipe. W e broke up two large chan-Points. delieis (worth $250 each), and packed them up in bun- —Tbe Republicans of McConrjelsvule, CHo held s>lar flave-gajley aboard, but 10,000 feet of lumber sug-gested a future institution of that domestic nature. Abox bearing the innocent inscription, of " hard ware"wasopened,andthtrewere.alotofnicecoppers,such eyes;but,insteadofgainingmuchmoneyinthedis- byamanintherear,whochasedus-outatthefrontposition of their booty, they are defrauded by the door. W e did»'t take away aaytb ng of eonsequeoce, the members of the Convention adjourned to a contmo-thieves,"butlatterlytbeyhaveextended,theirpro- gramme, and may now be-considered as regular house-successfulWMleattemptingtogetintoNo.63Bleeck- er street, we (Fi zgerald and Baike) were arrested for buglf.ry." >•—A"Wide-Awake"Clubwasfonnedinthevillage of Norwi'sh, Cbenaugo County, on Friday erecting last. One-bundred-and-twenty-five names were en- rolled. Samuel H. Baroee was elected President,home. Thepapersoftheboatwereclearandstra'git-forward. The manifest named, in addition to thelumber, SO barrels of navy bread, 17 tierces of rice, 20 breakers. The business was commenced four or fivebarrelsofcornmeal.15barrelsofbeans',4ofrum,and yearsagobythreeorfourboys, whogottogetheroneafewotherlotsofsimplethirgs.Oftherumallwas night,and,enteringanewbuilding,strippeditofall Burke,Ed.Read,andMikeBurke.Theyarelocked I>ewisKingel«y,Vice-Pre*ident;B.GageBerry,Re- not there. •"•''-• the Croton-water fixtures, shutting Off the water induring tbe afternoon be bargaioed with Higgins to crops the country to Poute de Lenhco, where the brig ers, and in the event of arrest tho latter have been the silver mountings and ornaments having cost nearly The barber, who shaves the druggist, and purchasesbringhimfourpaOsofwaterfortbepurposeofwash- wastofollow. Fromthe*e,andfrinthereputedsu- knowntont-etheirinfluenceandspendmoneytoob- $1,000. Theapparatuswasreceivedbythecompany, bi*perfumeryathisstore,beingverythirstyonedaying his wagon for which he was to pay him 12 cents percargo, a considerable sum of money, maiuly in tain their liberty. During hist year many families, numbering over 70 members, at Pier No. 1 North this wer k, thought lie would try his soda water. Mr.sovereigns, was taken. upon returning to their dwellings from the country, River. After marching through several streets' in Pestle couldn't te 1 him it was all out, for the barber-When the time for settlement came O'C.- worifd onlySenator Maodc-vilte inquired what had been the pay ten cents, upon which a dispute arose, H'ggins All these facts were put to paper by Lieut. Le Roy, four-d their, rouses turned upside d >wn. Elegart orna- New-York, they croseed over tbe Jersey City Perry, bad juet seen him draw a couole of glasses for someusual practice of Conventions. iiit-iyUi g that be should have the sum agreed upon. A and intrusted to Lieut. Green. The document was ments would he scattered here and there, and the floor and were enthaaiastically received in Exchange-placeThe Cbair-—The usual plan has been for the Con- furious altercation ensued, during which O'Connor delivered to the United States District-Attorney, to littejed up wish valuable papers and documents. There by their brother firemen, and a large concourse ofwhite folks, so he confidentially whispered, " The fast Is, w e don't sell s<"da to colored persona.", "'V erygood," said the knight of the razor, and retired. , The next morning bright and early, Mr. Pestle went into the barber's shop, and, after waiting awhile for bis turn, took- his seat in a vacaut eney ch-tir, expecting t e be shaved as usual. But the gentleman of color kept on with his other customers, without paying any at- tention to the druggi-t. At length the latter, seeing that others -were being waited upon in preference to himtelf. sprang up in his seat, and demanded -.the reason why he had rot been shaved. Tbe barber kept on with his work very deliberately, without deigning to reply, when the drugrist repeated his query more imperatively than before, whereupon the dusky boy who lathers tbe customers stepped up, and handing the irate dealer in ipecac bis shaving cup, exclaimed, with a grin -hat showed a white streak of ivory just under his noee, f Pop says de fac' is, we doesn't shabe deSrtSoiouai delegatious to report tut n ;ui'g. Mr.Mandeville—--Then1shall support the amend-ment.Mr. Ludlow said tbe appointment of the Committee latter, to escape tfc'e' vengeance of O'Connor, dodged five days from the Coast of Africa. The ccncluedon and this plan many persons have recently adopted.people. . 'Previous td forming in procession a large piece of fireworks repreeonting a double-deck engine, over which was the words "Liberty,No. 1," was set off, with fine.effect, and drew forth the plaudits of the assemblage. The procession was then formed, and marched in the following order: .A «qued of poHcfl OrnrxJ Marshal, Cblwf Enetneer Samtiel A. Fr<-r'Ch; A»sL,t«ut EDginreirs: exempt momocrn of Hook znt Lnddw Co. No. 1; Empire Hook aud Ladder Co. No. 1. w i h 120 lamp*, and puff-eded b y Dndwrorti'n Band. dre«<»d 'nSopos*d by Senator Grant, was not contemplated tobebit d a post just as a blow was aimed at his head. of the report is this:Tiree or four months agothe Police recived informa-procuredarustyknifewithabladetwofeetinlength, whom it wasaddrowed,sconafterthearrivalofthewas no security against the young thieves, except toand made an onelaugh: therewith up->n Higgins. The brig, about suneet on Tuesday after a run of forty- leavei a responsible person in charge of the premises,ke from the CongrvHsional District Delegations theright to consult and suggt%t the n*ine« of Electors. But The weapon struck 'into tbe poet with such force " The catie c-f tbe Tbonias Achorn seems so plain a one. from tion of numerous robberies that had been perpetratedThe pritoners*names areAndrew Fitzgerald,JohnHeenan fes-stifrncckednees of their city fathers, have procured'fcho nee of a park in Chelsea, which will accommodate, it ie said, twonty-five thousand people, with a fine view. So the Bostomans, who are disposed for that etvlo ofbyMeters.Neafi«ctLevy,and Upropelledbyoneoftbeirirrproveddouble-crank engine-a with expansion be»t,larne,fat,atallfedOxen rVoondq«i«H.|SyLoolad^ratheb^cvalvep.feet 6 inches beam; cylinder, 28 inches in diameter;Rra>t-f« d Oxeu. tbe beat iitall-fed Cowm, tiad the beat thrw-year oldKteeta Ordinary oomdrta of Bulk, aad the reAwe of leia.8iiBHi^-ExUaLDClude« Coaaeti, raid whea tbOM of UrfVie: qu«Uly tit* thrown out.ThMew*w46cawovertheEwteraIU!lroe4i2Slevartb* Boston uid Lowell, and 5S over tba Kttoliburf.KxMAHKh—Tin re If a large uwrfcae iu tbe number of c»ttte, n fair *-ipi-)v of whicb w«i o( fv- d quality; larfe munben •* bu>rra preatnt, and a»the we«»her U fine, wit*i aooeJ b r e yHer hull is of iron, 160 feet in length, and 23NEW COUNTERFEITS.*-Photographic fives are out(Fitzgerald)-go. Dunn was tried at ihoCourt of Sas- on tro Leather Mamifaotnn-rV Bank; paper thin, color lljcht, fr.m the north«•rat. aalw wen^quick; laat week*« j^-lioea for.iiiiiX^Triris-c. Va . fcvcumber »*<**' fourhundred, raided abossi- i n—A Republican meeting at NasbviDe, Washington—At the meeting held yesterday to elect delegatesj . Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 • • -*""" "•'