 Ihim to leave; and sometimes he is forced to do it in-at 9 a. m., arrived here on Wednesday morning.Her news has been anticipated by the Europe atand we cannot but think it will be successful. The Sonth will grow accustomed to a Republican Pres- ident, the movement in South Carolina and Georgia will be confined to only a section of the slave States, and after some months wiser counsels will prevail even there. Pre*ident Lincoln will probably be found by the slaveholders more harmless than, they anticipate. Men's acts are never so extreme as their opinions, and as the Free Soilersbave flourished under the dornin- ion of their opponents so the South may exist in spite of a chief magistrate whose opinions on. Slavery are not consideredorthodox at Charleston.• '••••] F R A N C E , »The Paris Monileur announces the appointment of Count Walewski as Minister of State, m place of M. Fould, resigned.Tlce London Herald's Paris correspondent reiterates the report that all the regiments of infantry of the line are to be placed on a war footing, by the addition of a fourth battalion to ^ach regiment.Further changes in the Ministry were spoken of. Various rumors were current as to the reason of the changes to be introduced in the proceedings of the legislative Body, a desire to play off the Liberal party against the Clergy being one of them.A late Paris dispatch says that the mail tender of the Galway line was likely to be accepted. Steamers were to be put on between Havre, and Waterford and Galway. ,Count Flahant is appointed Minister to London, m- place of M. Persigny.The Bourse waa very firm and animated. Rente* on the 26th advanced to 70.60.BELGIUM.• •HOLLAND.'2£*• I1 mm^m WmmMm^ :^^^nmrmrr ^mmwmw- wmmm, {m&m.*w%&..,«rw*^>-'','>;-»V--*>*/"'*.V'^"i*>: .. . . v ^ . .• «•*• v ^ j * -ttThe Legislature at Columbia are now fully herself a great Republic, as well as to encourage the solved, because 1 believe a good body of the people are attached the neighbors were present; they remained there that night; to it, and will preserve it. This resistance to the lawa will meet they were married on Suturday evening; the next morning they1 ci»'mi<«" ^dM»Georgia was not permitted to circulate in SouthCarolina, and was very widely suppressed in . Cfcorgia even.The leaders who are forcing the State of South Carolina into rebellion, are doing their utmost to bring on a collision with the Federal Govern- ment. They want'to be coerced by it. A blow from the General Government becomes quite necessary to the accomplishment of their plans ofprecipitation. Thus far, the supposed or real jpTOspect of collision has kept up the excitement, prevented deliberation, forestalled everything like reflection, and raised a swell by which the whole'community has been carried right onward. A collision in Charleston Harbor, between the Gov- ernment troops and citizen-soldiers, before the meeting of the Convention on the 17th, would Tender precipitate action easy. But there i a e been no violence, however immin- ent the danger of it, and precipita- tion consequently languishes. The leaderspublic feeling upon his name should have been destroyed."FEELING IN TEXAS.Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.GALVESTON, Texas, Dec. 7, 1860. Probably in no State in the Union is the spirit of Southern fanaticism more deeply rooted than in Texas, for I have latterly traveled over most of the State, and have familiarized myself with the views of its people. Into every nook and corner of the State, in the back- woodsman's hut, as well as the mansion of the opulent,sion recently to travel through the State of Mississippi, was observed by a " minute man," and accosted as a Northern Abolitionist on a tour for the purpose of prompting niggers to run away.The Astronomer informed his assailant that—well,what we cannot tell, except that he "-replied'ina verydo injustice to the South, his Pro-Slavery friend' was port its rights, and money is to be raised to put the greatly incensed; and when the train halted at Jack- State in a posture of defense. This is a specimen ofson,jumped to the platform and shouted to the crowd the counsels which are now offered to the Southerners about the station ! lt There's a d——d Abolitionist on by their magistrates, and at first sight they would seemCOMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.LOXDOX, Nov. 27, 1860. ,•The Daily Neics (City Article) says: The fund*? opened this morning ut Saturday'e prices, out fell in the afternoon upon the newa of the New-York exchange having fallen to 106i, and ceased at a reduction of \rcb\, notwithstanding intelligence of u fresh rise at Paris. The other markets were steady in th« morning and flat in the afternoon. The principal exception w u in Midland Railway stock, which shows a fresh rise. America* Railway securitieshave fallen considerably, but are in most in- stances much higher than at New-Y ork. Great ease continued t * prevail in the discount market, and the best bills up to two months are taken readily at5 ^ cent. At the Bank to-day, the applications were consequently very limited.Consols opened with continued steadiness this, morning, and •oon showed a tendency to improvement, but late in the day this was suddenly checked by a telegram from America, quoting a very adverse movement in the rate of Exchange. The demand for discount to-day at the Bank of England was leas than on any day for many weeks past. There were no transactions in Gold at the Bank to-duy. The £2,000,000 in Silver from the Bank of France, deliverable at the Bank of England, under the late ar- rangement, are now in course of transmission. £175,000 hav« already arrived.In the Corn Market yesterday there was a generaldecline of lj/cb2j; while some descriptions from their inferior quality were unsaleable at a reduction of 4/. Foreign Wheat, the arrivals of which are very large, was about 1/ ty qr. lowec than on Monday week.The Times says: American Railwav Securities showed increased flatnef«.The advices by the Overland Mail from Hong-Kong are to Oct. 13.The English mails of Aug. 26 arrived out Oct 9.—The Hon. William A. Palmer died at. Danville, Vt., on Monday, Dec. 3, in the 80th year of his age. He was born in Hebron, Conn., Sept. 12, 1781, and came to Vermont about the year 1800. He studieda? Sr"?*-»H'""~"""*'"^^^^^•^» IM1\v''; R l * * *M ill. • „ ' . ..- .•"•••'••;".-: •''•'•;"'fl6 '.I t ie astonishing to note how many Colonels, Charleston papers of Saturday bring us the result of South Carolina; Col. Geo. R. Fall, of Washington, to the election in that city for members of the State Seces- Arkansas; Attorney-General Wharton, of Jackcon, toThe Dutch Ministry bad brought in a bill for a new tariff, which increases the duties on Cotton goods, sev- eral kinds of iron, and other articles.m •"FKOM EUKGPE. /AimrV AL OF THE KEDAB.is amoderateparty,which,,TBE SECESSION MOTEMENT. business there is doing, to say nothing of ••sus- No man can express his opinion here with safety, if pended paper." All kinds of property, save cotton, that opinion is against secession. If a stranger comes have gone down fifty per cent, and in the presei t here, he is almost forced into an avowal of his political sentiments; and if he is frank enough to state them trathfully, and they prove in favor of Mr. Lincoln, thewill, therefore, pardon this line, to say that he gavethe letter from South Carolina to Mr. W. to read,solely at Mr.W.'srequest,whohasbeen solicitous.tolearn the veritable causes of the excitement in SouthCarolina; and, having been read, Mr. W . obtainedpel-mission to take it home, with the promise to returnFROM SOUTH CABOUNA. THINGS DON'T GO SO SMOOTHL Ydepressed condition. of affairs holders will feellittle like donating any considerable portion of it embryo Vigilance Committee (now forming) desireThe Canard screw steamship Kedar, Capt. Little,Ow Own Correspondent.CHAKLETSON, S. C , Dec. 7, 1860. Bver since the present excitement began there lias existed throughout the State of South Caro- lina, and especially in the City of Charleston, a system of espionage more tyrannous than ever prevailed in Austria. Vigilance Committees and Minute Men axe everywhere. At the railway stations in the interior, if a stranger steps frombefore they are hatched,it after a day, and with no word .or thought of answer-ily of wftiffliincr its testimonv. At home from Liverpool for New-York direct onthe 28th ultimo, of the South, is the policy recommended of the North,the cars, a Vigilant Committeeman is at once on3kis track^word is passed that'a suspicious•haxacteT is around, and it is lucky for the indi-. sidered the last instance of counting chickensINSANITY IN NEW-ORLEANS.From The Chicago Tribune.A gentleman of Chicago, direct from New-Orleans, where he has been spending a short time for commer- cial purposes, tells us that we of the North can form no adequate idea of the blind, unreasoning passion and insensate fury by which the people of that city and the extreme South are animated. They are for instant and unconditional dissolution of the Union, at any price, and at all hazards. They want no compromises, no concession, no bargains,TQO amendments ot the Con- stitution. They are for a Southern Confederacy—noth- ing less. There is, hetells us, a conservative class, but they are home along with the crowd, and dare not yet lift a voice in remonstrance against the extreme measures upon which the populace are bent; nor do they hope that . anything like reason will again rule the hour until some fatal act. is committed which will separate the Cotton States from the Union, iltnd perhaps plunge the country into civil war. Of course, in the midst of excitement like that which reigns in New-Orleans, no Northern man, unless un- true to his principles, or under the protection of jpower- ful friends, is safe. To be suspected of Republicanisih is the signal for a warning; to be convicted of it is to be driven off. The movable police force is the mob, under the name of vigilance committees, and these the better class of citizens are powerless to restrain. There is, in fact, throughout all the Cotton States an undisguised Reign of Tenor.The St. Charles Hotel is the center of the excitement. That house is the common resort of the most violent of the fanatics, who between their cups and their curs- ings amuse themselves with hunting up, insulting, and driving off Northern men because they are Northern men. VVhen our friend left the city, the ruffians had made a clean sweep, and that caravansary was without a resident of any of the Free States within its walls. They had all been compelled to leave—some to quit the city and their business, others to look up more decent quarters, where violence and ruffianism are not the rule. One evening, in the reading-room of that estab- lishment, the crowd was assembled as usual, and as usual the Abolitionists were the theme. Becoming ex- cited, one man, said to be wealthy and influential, pulled out his pocketbook and said, " Here are $5,000, which I will subscribe to a fund to procure the assas-vidua! against whom suspicion is thus directed if*e is not seized and turned back in his course,if nothing worse happens to him. This is sure tohe the case, if the spies do not deem theanswer given* to every question—impertinent andinsulting as* they are certain to be—satisfactory.J{ these gentry do not every nowand then overhaul somebody and make The railways especially suffer from the absenceBible, or indeed almost any publication other identity and whereabouts, let him look into onea Black Republican President. W e shall publish Sen- ator Clay's letter, with especial pleasure, soon.»MISSISSIPPI.COMMISSIONERS TO THE OTHER SOUTHERN STATES.50 110 350 200 150 100dodo . do doErie Bm r d<than '* 1860 Association" documents, would not [ of the big guns in Fort Sumter. care to fall. As a general thing, these men are me there.organized into military companies, soon to beHe may find1 50d 100 d<'drafted into the Grand Army of South Carolina.MEMBERS ELECT or THE CONVENTION.—The The Hon. C. E. Hooker of Hinds, Commissioner toMajors, and Captains there are among them.Precisely where the rank and file are, no onereadily comprehends. These titled personagesall expect to retain their rank and the paythereof in the Grand Army. Hence thesion Convention. The following is the list of the mem- Tennessee; the Hon. Wirt Adams, of Issaquena, to bers elect, with the vote received by each. The total Louisiana. So we learn from The Sun, which statesstraggle in '" the Legislature to bestow Theo. D.WagnerATeatro Nuovo, Naples, on the 21st ult.placeat the-os the soldiers the selection of their officers,instead of giving their appointment to the Gov*eraor. It is related that at a muster the other dayit was proposed to take an expression from the rankandfileoftheirpreference. Anactivecaucus had been going on for some time, and©very candidate felt sure of being elected to thepost to which he aspired. In order to make itall fair, it was proposed, and agreed to, that thecandidates themselves should not participate in ernment whatever." *The project of Farini for the division of the State of Naples into districts had been adopted by the Lieu- tenancy Council, and would be immediately submitted to the Council of State.the election, but should withdraw. Accordingly it was requested that all candidates for office should step five paces in front of the line; when aS but three men made an advance movement! I t is further related that these three, thus clothed with authority, elected themselves, oneColonel, another Lieutenant-Colonel, the otherMajor, and filled up the list from the outsiders*!" In consequence of the publication of a list of the names of the several candidates, drawn up on Monday last by The Mercu- South Carolina, seem to think that their subjuga- ry, discriminating as above between the political attitudes as-This class of men, indeed almost everybody inour hitherto glorious national escutcheon, has tended toeducate the " minute men" on Southern steamboats andrailroads in the most approved method of measuring thealtitude of North stars which take their course tropic-wise. . The "minute men," who, it would appear, areas numerous as the bee-swarms on all the avenues ofthey are suspected of believing that buying and selling For the present, however, the storm is raging range the mode of election to the Hungarian Diet will men is not pure Democracy, and the highest evidence throughout' the South-Eastern States. South Carolina, assemble on the 10th December, under the Presidencyof Christianity. New-Orleans is certainly a miniature of course, takes the lead, and Georgia, throwing off of the Cardinal Primate of Hungary. Pandemonium. her usual old-fashioned quietude, surpasses her hot-tempered sister in revolutionary violence. South Caro-Our informant says that on his way through South- lina it, however, the first to act. The Federal officials CHINA.ern Mississippi by coach (the railroad track being at Charleston have resigned their appointments.- Thetion is to be attempted by the people of the North; that Massachusetts, Vermont and New- Y ork regiments are soon to invade the soil of this their State, yet all the negroes free, and over- spread the country with slaughter and desolation.This is the sort of stuff taught them by theirsumed by the candidates in relation to the above propositions, Southern travel, at present take their observations propounded by our correspondent, 'Secession,' to the candi-washed away for many miles), he saw the dead bodies flag of the State is ostentatiously displayed, instead ofof two men suspended by the neck from trees by the the stars and stripes. Even a steamer coming into The mails from China reached Marseilles on the 25th: roadside. In answer to the inquiry, " For what were ultimo, and were due in England on the morning of theleaders. Nothing is allowed that does not pander totheinsaneideasofthetimes.AUnionOtherwiseallpartiesadmitthathewouldhavereceivedalmosthindaMiseissippiancloud,hewasespiedbya"minutecountryareimpelled.InfutherproofoftheMassachusettsdonotprotectslaveproperty,or,inwheretheyarewelltreated.speech by a Northern man would be regarded as not been the result. certain.other words, "cause plunder from Georgian Engagements were fought on the 18th and 21st Sep-with Pro-Slavery hate, entered into conversation with of any citizen of such offending, and faithless State to killed, and 50 guns taken. The Allies had only eighteen him on political subjects. The Professor was cautious indemnify the losses of the citizens of Georgia. wounded.and reserved; but venturing to say that he thought Hostile tariffs are to be established against the. Aboli- The Chinese have sent in a flag of truce, with the Mr. Lincoln was a Conservative man, and would not tionists. The population is to be called to arms to sup- provision for a treaty.feel it, and understand the necessity of a new by a pocket-compass, and, night coming on, the northwould have to be bonded, and Tennessee would be through CRatnam and William streets, No. 5 Beekman divided from the Atlantic and the European world byexcitement. Their programme, must be played est, and you need not be at all surprised at a collision any moment, unless the leaders are ut- terly defeated, and the whole programme of Se-star served to guide me on my way. I had just made up my mind to camp out on the rolling prairie, when my eye detected a light in the distance. Gladly I spurred my jaded,horse onward, and an accelerated pace soon brought me up to a small ranch and cattle-clearing. Thankfully I dismounted and approached the door of the dwelling, the thoughts of a warm supper, and shelter from the night dew revolving t&rough my mind. My impatient rap was answered by a coarse, repulsive looking man, who roughly asked me what I wanted.Being informed, he bade me enter in a tone of voice conveying a rather doubtful welcome to my mind. I had hardly seated myself by the cheerful fire of blazing logs, when mine host abruptly interrogated me thus wise:" I say stranger! where d'ye hail from?" New-York," I promptly responded, paying but lit- tleheedtothequery. Inaninstanthejumpedtohisstreet, to Mr. Shaffer's office; 1 went from there to the SecondWard Station-House, and told Capt. Weed where the Doctor a "foreign country." So immediate has been the im- was; I was very positive it was him-, Officer George Novins pulse, we hear, that engineers are sent to examine the w.eut with me to where Doctpr W. waa; Nevins asked him if old scheme of forming a great shipping port at Bruns-hia name was Wickham; he answered that his name waa " La- wick, Georgia, in expectation of this State preferringmont;" the officer turned to me and asked me if ho was Doctor Wickham ? I told him 1 was confident -, the Doctor got up and said that if we would wait until Mr. Shaffer came in, he would satisfy us he was not the man; the officer told him he must go to the Station-House, and if he was not the right man, they would let him off soon; Mrs. Wickham Baid her name waa "Mrs. Lamont;" this waa in Mr. Shaffer's office in a private room; there was no one in the main office but a boy, and the officer opened the door of the room and there found Dr. Wickham and Mrs. Wickham; I went on the other side of town and returned to the Station- House with Eleazor M. Couse and Jos. McDaniela; I was gone about Ik houre; I found the Dootor then at the Station-House; Nevins "had gone out; we three all went up to the door, and the Doctor came up and inquired if any of us knew him; Mr. McDan- iela told him ho knew him, and then the Doctor said he was not ashamed of his name"; he then opened his vest and showed his name on bis. shirt; I left him in charge of the officer then; heleft New-York on Monday morning in charge of Officers Nevins and Q,uackenbos8 for Newton.cession reversed.treme complications and/ collision are to be avoided. Should Government send more troopsto strengthen the forts on the fact becoming known, the catastrophe would be precipitated, fox the forts would be assailed before the troops arrived. If they are not given up on demandafter Secession, then they will be assailed.Evidently the Government does not place con- fidence in the repeated representations made by•t h e officers in charge as to the danger of an at-tackontheforts and their capacityfor resist-to remain a member of the old Federation. /It is char-acteristic of the Americans that even/ the dis-ruption of their beloved Republic should be viewedat once in its mercantile and joint-stock company law with the Hon. Daniel Buck of Chelsea, and pur- light. But, as far as we can see, even South sued the practice of his profession for a few years atIt is difficult to see how ex-' Secretary of War. Nothing is more common has expressions of this sort. Either the Gov- eminent does not believe that South Carolinato say is, it's the same way out agin. An' ef that isn'ta broad enough hint, I would just perlitely advise youto vamoose the ranch!" Here was a pretty state ef To the Editor • / The AT. Y. Tribune.eome 8 or 9 yearB; I became acquainted with her in Newton.Dr. Thomas Ryerson recalled.—The lower bowels ore apt to empty themselves at the time of death, to the extent of about 3 feet; a severe fit, a short time before confinement, would verystrong-minded President like Jackson, whatever his own sympathies, would probably not hesitate to crush the Carolinians by force. It is evident, indeed, on thetion to an untold extent.It is alleged that so complete is the prevailing delirium that a few of the South Carolina states- men have already selected for themselves missionsshould receive at the hands of the chivabic gentlemen of the Lone-Star State.There is but little business done in Galveston now. Northern vessels can get no freights, except a few of the regular liners; slaves have greatly depreciated in value; cotton is dull, and a general stagnation of busi- ness is apparent. If " Cotton is King," he appears to make a tyrannical monarch, and starves many of his tubjects, for the laboring class of "Galveston are sadly pressed for the necessaries of life, while the fire-eaters are privately groaning over their troubles, inasmuch as the present crisis, which they themselves' have brought about, affects one of the tenderest nerves, in their organ- ization—that which reaches to the pocket.Ftmhmff, Dec. 10, I860. . tH. D, W ARD.• A destructive fire occurred on board the West India mail steamer La" Plata while she was lying in dock at Southampton. The damage was extensive, but for- tunately the vessel had not commenced taking in cargo. The hull was not injured. .TJte Press, in announcing that Lord Derby is com- pletely restored to health, says that his Lordship never expressed the slightest intention to retire from the leadership of the Opposition, and that on the opening of Parliament he will be found at the head of his party.The Rev. Dr.Croly, the well known Rector.of St. Stephen's, Walbrook, London, died on the ,24th, from an attack of apoplexy.The London Times has another leader on the result of the Presidential election and the secession move- ment's in the South. It says that in electing Mr. Lin- coln to the office of President, the Northern States ventured on'a bold experiment, but it believes that after the first outburst of passion the secessionists will see the folly of their threats, and the United States will continue to combine in one federation two com- munities, with, widely different politics and systems of social life, but forming essentially and unalterably one and the same people. The Times commends the policy of calmness which appears to prevail at Washington.The Duke of Norfolk died on the 27th.LINCOLN'S ELECTION IN ENGLAND. From The tendon Time*, Nov. 26, I860.In electing Mr. Lincoln to the office of President, theNorthern United States have ventured on a bold ex-periment. They have determined to test the courage The King of the Belgians was seriously ill. and sincerity of the South, to face unappalled theepecter of secession, and discover whether it be reallya terrible spirit potent for evil, or only a bugbear, de-vised by a clever faction, inflated with the breath ofrhodomontading orators, and dressed out with a hide-ous mask by placemen trembling for their appoint-ments. The next month or two will show how farthose are in the right who have calculated on thestrength of the American Union and the supremacy ofnational feeling over all sectional interests. ShouldSouth Carolina, Georgia, and the adjacent States sepa-rate themselves permanently from the Federation, con-stituting themselves a new nation, with their ownarmy, navy, customs, foreign representatives, and allappanages of independence, then the wholeseries ofAmerican politicians will have been in the wrong,and this journal, which has always declared such anevent tobe impossible, will have been in the wrongto foreign Courts.This, I think, may be con-. Charleston, which at this season of the year is usually very much the resort of strangers from the North, is now literally deserted. The arrivals at the hotels are next to nothing, and the pro- prietors groan audibly. There is a corresponding falling off in every other branch of business.motions*, *'t at least, toward hanging some of Northern travelers. None of them, it is said,one according to the code of Lynch, they seem are paying running expenses. It is so all throughto think they are not doing their duty. They the South. Now and then a collecting agent ofkaye a relish for the business, and delight to a New-York or New-England house comes along, office of Senator of Alabama in the Congress of theUnited States, to take effect, on the 4th of .March next, talk about hanging •«d—d Abolitionists," " Yan- but a single hour is quite sufficient to convince unless the State should at an earlier day dispense withjj* kee hypocrites," & c , terms of which they him that it would be useless to remain longer in his services in that "body, as he fondly hopes and ex-pects. This is as might have been expected of this able make the freest use. The country swarms with the hope of making collections. and patriotic- Senator, by those who have known histhese fellows, into whose hands one having a If The Mercury is still in doubt as to my long-expressed views on the question of the election ofvote in the city was 3,721:that the other appointments will be made by the Gov- ernor to-day. It will be noticed that no man is deemed worthy to represent Mississippi who does not belong toA. G. Magratb W .P . Miles John Towne«nd3,112 JohnH. Honour ..........1,848R. N. Gourdtu........ Jt. W . Conner.-:..2,333 A. W . Burnett ..'.2,329 ThoB.Y.Simon» ...2,186 L. W". Spratt.. .2,124 Wm. Middbion.. .2,033 F. D. Richardson. ...1,992 B. H. Rutledge. ...1,915 Ed. McCrady, sen ...1,878 F.J. Porchervengeance.'R. B. Rhett, ten C. G. Memmlnger Gabriel Manigault J. J. P. SmithJ. W. HajneA meeting of the people of Attala County, depre- cated separate State secession, and declared m favor Of a Southern Conference........2,782 Rich'd DeTroville.. ...3,280 Tb.08. M. Hanckel1,788 ..1,728 1,727 1.T23 1,7211,72 1,668 1,656 1,618 1,608the dominant party.This is uniting the people with a [Vicksburg Whig.ITALY.can he seen this same hatred to the North.dent which occurred to me, will better explain what I have8tated.About three weeks ago my business led me into the Hide and Pecan country of Central Texas. Having hired a mustang, at Victoria, I set oat on my journey for the Guadaloupe and Nueces Valleys. Leaving the bustling town of Victoria, I struck into the open prairie, which for miles lay stretched before me—one broad,extended plain, unrelieved by a single object to gladden the eye. For ten hours I rode over the prairie, receiv- ing the usual tosses into the mud, which every mustang thinks it necessary to treat an inexperienced rider to, without observing the slightest sign of a habitation, or encountering a human being. All day long I had steeredhe must have poured out at the moment. At the time oft'i and with them the Professor with a whole skin.of the occurrence, the train was running at full speed, We have not told a fourth that has been related to usand other passengers in the same car witnessed the of the state of opinion in the South; but we have given treasonable; but when time has been given for reflec- scene, but remained "mum." The name of the road enough to satisfy all parties that when men of the tion the Southerners will be reconciled to their fate—NEW-YORKDAIL YTRIBUNE,THURSDA Y ,DECEMBER 14;.1M*-•COMM MmUm\3,000 t'nit 5,000 Mi*- e.ooo5,<X*» dfl 7,000 < 1,000 Tenn. , 1,000 Eri* Itll.oooHod. r3,000 Mwh. Sink.1,000 -4 1,000 TIL ( * 1,500 i 4,000 Chic i 1,000 Cbic &| 3^00 H«I;D 1,000 O v.- , 3^00 Ga! ,v| lOAm.Kx'i 10Mw!.-,,t 94 D«l. ax.i€00 New.- V. fiO do 50 6a 2*0 do.,IK dr,. 200 do.. 200 do.,50 do... i 200 Erie Rnil}50 do SO do 50 A<. 50 Hud*rn 136 dc ,25 .0.,.J50 dc11,060 U. 8 * 12.000 M W |5,000V ..-_•. ial1,000 TVt, HI ' 1,000 Eri*.R1,000 Chic 4. 2,000 Chir. k10.000 Han k lOVair.r. H * t | 63 Del. L Ho, SOPacific Mai100 N. Y. O o fto the purposes of revolution. State credit thereis none. And yet an army is to be equipped continently. Fortunately they have overlooked your'and supported, Commissioners are to be sentUNE has a correspondent here, a coat of tar and a bag done, which must increase the burdens of taxa of feathers, would undoubtedly be the treatment Iby tlie advice OJ a minjiiui meuu «.uu wv»uwi ««~jrv*abroad, and a thousand other things are to benext morning, without the knowledge of the Rev. Mr. Beare, whose residence is several miles from this, inland. Our mutual friend, thinking he would pardon the deed for love of country, took the responsibility for the Rev. Mr. B.; while the correspondence as pub- lished in The World bears its own responsibilitv.items.'.;.'. *GREAT BRITAIN..»!. • . ' . .The people of Monroe have also declared in favor of Before the election, The Mercury classified the can- a Southern Conference.dates, the most intense dissatisfaction and excitement was cre-ated and got up on the part of certain gentlemen. The cry ofproscription and persecution was raised, and the whole thingattached to Mr. Rhett, who really had no' more to do with it, tellectual-appearing man must necessarily be of the directly or indirectly, by counsel or otherwise, than HannibalHamlin in Maine, or Sam Houston in Texas. This,. iu addition North northy, and somewhat related to what areevery vote in the city.Great regret is expressed that this has Until three days before the election it wasinsanity he relates the escape of Professor. man," and threatened with a sudden suspension in Mitchell, the well known astronomer of Cinciunati. HeAn inci-fromthepublic. Butthestoryhayingbeentoldiu berwhetherOfficerNevinssaidwewoulddividetherewardif Wickham was convicted; I told him there was a reward of someprivate circles, in a semi-confidential manner, " Don't- kind; I did not tell him in the presence of any one that the Life Insurance Co. had offered a reward; on the next day 1 said to tell-any-person" has violated that confidence, and him that I should claim one half of the reward; I ascertained by aarbor with the forts there in the hands of the can picture to their minds the Emperor Napoleon at enough is known to warrant the belief that Prof. examining the newspaper files the amount of the reward; I knew before 1 was sworn this day that the reward depended upon Mitchel has been the subject of at least not very gentle the convection of Dr. Wickham; I called at the Insurance Com- treatment during his Southern travels. . Our reporter pany's office and made inquiries about the reward that had been offered for the arrest of Dr. Wickham; this was on the Wednes- The result of his scrutiny was apparently unsatisfac- • has endeavored to procure the facts in the Case, and if day after the arrest; I went there at the request of Officer Quac- enboBB, with him; 1 saw Dr. Wickham's name on his shirt; I saw the doctor bny some tickets at the ferry to come to New- ton ; did not see him give the officers any, and I do not expect any of the reward if he is not convicted; if he le convicted, 1 ex- pect to receive some of it, but do not know how much: I expect-independenceoftheFederationinthesenseinwhichshe declared her independence of England 84 yearsa^o; she will be content with pushing to their extremelimits her rights as a Sovereign State, and, whileremaining nominally in communion with jfew-.York and Massachusetts, will attempt to limit the well balanced, and a heart tender and benevolent. Constitutional authority of the' Federation by her His hand was always open to supply the wants of all,ance, for it is folly to talk as Mr. Buchanan feet, picked up a blazing faggot, and placing it close "todoes about collecting the revenue in Charleston my face scrutinized me attentively. If your readersSouth Carolinians—at all events without a pro- tracted struggle to regain them. There is a wayVillafranca, they can' form some idea of the wariness and caution with which mine host approached me.private enactments. There will not be a Caro- however poor and destitute. Many a man in DanvilleThe mark-1 amount of vr.is tions are uou;;uFieights: K 1,300 bales O for compress ,1 •a3e. 4id.; :«\lchiefly at Ivvi; boxes Itacon ,*i jind 1,500 l>w-i Flour ut -J*>. . * 60.; lOOtcs. I k 30 taa* Tallow Pipv StMv«» en of 1'30 teiwl«> lie idad pott, of >;*the forts may be reenforced without provoking tory, for, tossing the faggot on the hearth, he said:the threatened attack, and the Government knows " Look-a-here, stranger! ef I'd a known that youthe Professor will simply announce that the facts ought to become public property, as well as the rumor, then the gentleman who traveled with him will, doubtless,linian President, with envoys duly accredited atthe foreign capitals of Washington and London," butthe authority of the Federal Government will be im-potent within the limits of the State, and the people, ifdetermined to remain obstinate, will undertake to man-age their own Post-Oflice, their own Customs, the ward if the doctor waa oonvicted; I never introduced the con- lighting of their coasts, and will, perhaps,gothe length versation with any one about the reward; I had known Mra. W. of constructing and arming domestic fortresses. Acould testify to his generosity in rendering pecuniary assistance without security, and oftentimes without the hope of a return.—Madame Coleon is the heroine of an exciting event. which happened on Saturday night at the Philadelphia Academy of Music. In the second act of " I I Giura- meuto" the heroine, Elaisa (Madame Colson), is repre- sented as entering at midnight the chamber of her rival, Bianca, in search of her lover Visoardo. Elaisa holdsit, and yet does not act. For rebels, the South war one of them d—d Abolishunists, dog gone my skinCarolinians have a remarkably good opinion of ef you'd a come in my door. Seeing as itt is, howsum- have his objections removed, and will tell the whole ed that if- he was convicted, the reward would be paid to. me; Ithe President, and surprising confidence in the ever, you know the way you come in, and all I've got story.vnB- secede and put in execution her threats from my feet at the unhospitable hearth, and remount- or miscarriage; it.is given before labor to quicken it, and after in our country, I desire your readers to look at the pro- labor to produce contraction of the wound.' touching the Government properly in Charleston ing my weary horse rode away. That night I camped ceedings of the Senate of the United StateB of/yester- Abraham Bross, bein^sworn,testified: Ireside in the town- Harbor, or Mr. Buchanan is prepared to on the open prairie. ship of Montague; was a Justice of the Peace in 1859; (witness day, as published in the newspapers of this day's date. recognizes a paper shown to him;) Dr. W . brought the paper tosubmit, and all his talk about protecting that Throughout the State I find this same spirit mani- How beautifully, in this hour of cowardly cringing, my house and deHired me to swear him to it; I did so; he said he would leave them there until the Coroner's inquest met atnever Oppose for three months the greatly prepondera-ting strength of the North. A few hundred tWsand in her hand a lamp after the pattern^f thoee used byslaveowners, trembling nightly with visions of murder the ancients. On Saturday night, either on account-of\property and collecting the revenue is the merest fested by the beggar, as well as the man of wealth.and pillage, backed by a dissolute population of " poor whites," are no match for the hardy and resolute popu- lations of the Free States. The Northerners have hith- erto treated the South like a petulant child, and given in to all its ways; but if ever the day of conflict were to come, it would be shown that the South is but a child in its weakness, as well as its frowardnesa.We believe, however, that moderate councils prevail at Washington. Public opinion is evidently opposed to the use of a military force to quell the agitationthe lamp being too full, or some neglect in holding it, the fluid suddenly caught fire, and iu a few momenta theie w:u* quite a considerable pool of flame upon the floor. A cry from the audience called the attention of Madame Colson to this fact, and she, with equal promp- titude and coolness,with one hand swept her dress from the reach of the fire, at the same time shaking from it the blazing drops, and with the other placed the t<till dripping lamp upon a table at her side. This was done without evincing the slightest degree of alarm, nor did she for a single moment discontinue the air which she was singing when the accident was discovered.-~A letter from C. P» Hall, tho Arctic explorer from Connecticut, mentions a severe storm on the coast of Labrador, and the destruction of the schooner Rescue, formerly of tho Grinnell expedition, and of hi* own ex-I .. Ths tutain*-** $50^150 *K- ' t 407 16; BaUn< be *eeu, i* very The foliov in eai niog* «rf ibe Kailrvnd CouqIF«*M*«ltrf»... T, K J I (.<*• : WuU.. ...... Kent <tt rv*d.K<-: t«& mite.T o t a l *•!•# Y»x's» J&a. 1u>No*.».ati«aThe first m \Vnb«4t Ko#4. e»UT#the Brick House; his father called and got it; never saw him after, until here in the Court-Honse.The paper identified by witness contained a statement by Dr. it is the opinion of those who have been com- has stood on her dignity to an amazing degree. The WRIGHT. I take the liberty to quote hiaentire speech Wickhum of the diseusea ho had treated Mrs. Cole for, aiid thepelled to contemplate the matter from a point that enabled them to arrive at sound conclusions.Jboah in the world. This is not my opinion alone;Since the intelligence that Lincoln is elected, Texashe is eminently worthy to wear the mantle of SILASbeforehand do not go easy. I n the matter of three hundred :" are conspicuously displayed atergamxing the Militia, appointing the officers, night; but if you ask them who the first three hun- and Jackson.Such was the Democracy of Jefferson Truly yours,Solomon Cole showed me two bottles of medicine after she came buck; she said she got it from Dr. Wiokham; I think she re- mained from four to six days at James R. Cole's; this is about one and a half miles from Solomon Cole's own house; I heard of the insurance policy alter her death; Mrs. Cole waa a second cousin to my wife.The defense informed the Jury that they intendedthey will shortly be able to restrain themselves. The overthrow of a party *o long dominant could hardly be effected without some display of excitemont and arier. The extreme section in the Slave States have soloni? and BO vehemently asserted their resolve never to Bubmit to a Kepubbcan Executive, that they could not without becoming ridiculous quietly acquiesce in their^bc., the greatest difficulties are experienced, i&ariy three weeks have been spent in debatingdred were, they are unwilling to acknowledge thatMassachusetts furnished a goodly number of them.December 11, 1M0.~ JOSEPH BRECK.Lone-Star Clubs have been formed, and at the presentthe question; the further they go the deeper time the Lone-Star flag floats everywhere throughout To the Editor of The N. Y, Tribune.oee ftx ail &*ir means to carry along what little J/*. .*•r•m.iwm :•:;• x-tM^p/yJ?*--?..-r«Ycorrespondent; for should it be known that THE TRIB- tented to The Times, and published in The World the Cape Race. We ffnd, however, some interestingALABAMA.SENATOR CLAY'S LETTER OK RESIGNATION.The Montgomery Advertiser of the 7th says:We have before us a letterfrom the Hon. C. C. Clav, jr., tendering to Gov. Moore his resignation of theUNION FEELING.Garibaldiandemonstration tookdidates into divisions. The first were those who had A meeting in Tunica County, of which Judge John sination of Lincoln and Hamlin. Who '11 swell the with them. But if, after an outburst of partv passion, givenanexplicitaffirmatoryanswer:tothefollowing HardemanwasPresident,andO.Barbour,Secretary, pileV Intenminutes,orless,morethan$40,000had theSouthernersthemselvesbecomesensibleofthe questions: ' . declared in favor of Mississippi cooperating with her been offered for this infamous purpose, and the name wickedness and folly of their course; if they recognize" 1. That the Convention, when assembled, should withdraw sister Southern States. The proceedings of* this meet- of the subscribers taken down. The witness of this how far the possessors and expectants of official places South Carolina from the Confederacy of the United States, as ing were sent to UBfor publication, but reached Us too transaction is far trom believing that this was mere ' are the movers of this agitation; and if, moreover,Victor Emanuel deferred taking the title of King of ItalyuntilheisproclaimedsuchbytheItalianPar- liament.AUSTRIA.The Austrian forces in Venetia are now computed at 130,000 men, and it is asserted that this army could 5e readily augmented to 300,000.soon as the.ordinance of secession can be framed and adopted. ''2. That .after South Carolina withdraws from the Confeder- acy of the United States, she should never be reunited with anylate, as the Hernando Convention, to whichut appoint- ed delegates, had already adjourned.gasconade.W e are told further that masters of vessels andsteamboats, if suspected of Free-Soil proclivities, arethey are calmed by the reflection that a President, powerful as he is, can do little to alter the policy of the Republic, and nothing at all to subvert the domesticof the non-slaveholdtng States of this Union iu any form of gov-not safe. Only a few days ago, a captain ana the institutions of the several States, then the result will The second class was composed of those who had THE SCIENCE OF ASTRONOMY AND THE clerk of a river steamer were taken off their boat and be such as we anticipate, and the United States will-answered the questions, but not, according to The ETHICSOFSLAVERY. forced, by threats of hanging, to make their way North continue to combine in one Federation two communi- "A telegram from Pesth of the 25th says: " The ad-Mercury's ideas, explicitly. The third class was com- jKJsed of those who refused to answer at all. Of the elected, seventeen belong to the first class; three, Messrs. John Townsend, R. N. Gourdin, and John Honour, were of the non-explicit, and two, Messrs. C. G. Memminger and E. McCrady, sen., were of those who-refused to answer.The comparatively small majority received by Mr. Rhett does not please The Mercury. It says:The sidereal improvements which our fellow- by the most expeditious route. It was said they had ties, with widely different politics and systems of so- ministration of Hungary has been everywhere reorgan- citizens in the South have been making for some voted for Lincoln. Every day ship-captains are sub- cial life, but forming essentially and unalterably one ized, with the concurrence of the most eminent men of jected to wanton abuse and threats of violence, not and the same people. all parties. Contrary to the reports in circulation, the time past, by way of reducing the stellar magnitude of because theyare known to be Republicans, but because Conference appointed to meet at Graw in order to ar-without the aid of telescope, quadrant, or sextant, andCharleston harbor was obliged to discard the symbolthese men hung?' he was told,- "Because they of American unity. Some interference with the Fed- Kedar's departure. The following telegrams are pub-proceed on the hypothesis that every good-looking, -in-were d—ned Abolitionists!" and the excuse for the eral fortresses within the State seems also to have lished:barbarity displayed in' permitting them to remain rot- been contemplated. In Georgia, the Governor, in a HEADQUARTERS, eight miles from Pekin, Sept. 23. ting in the sun was, that " Mississippians would not special message to the Legislature, is carried by his Mr. Boulby, The Times correspondent; Mr. Loch, pollute the State by having d—ned Abolitionists buriedto the fact that the editor of The Mercury had agreed to supporta certain ticket of twenty-two men, spread the flame of excite-ment among all those not upon the ticket, their friends, andthose who did not approve of some of the names upon said tick-et; all of which was likewise attached to the Hon. R. B. Rhett. when one of our brightest stare was emerging from be- which the extremists of that section of the fare against that offending State. Because the laws of ing camping grounds. They have been taken to Pekin,known in the spheres as Abolitionists.It was under these circumstances that, some days ago, as forcibly as anything else, the temper by ate from Ma8sac'husett8; but to carry on a chronic war- non, have been made prisoners while engagea in choos-fcitizens," Massachusetts must be compelled to make j^ an incendiary document, and as such/ suppressed. " We regret that gentlemen should have looked upon the mat- mid-air. This was none other than the eloquent Direc- was on the cars going South, and when near Jackson, compensation. He recommends the enactment of laws | occasions 30,000 Tartar Cavalry advanced, and were Th*latespeechoftheHon.A.H:Stephensofterinthelightinwhichtheyhave,andthattheexpressionof torofktheDudleyObservatory,who,havinghadocca-Miss,.amansomewhatinflamedwithliquor,butmore authorizingtheseizureofthemoneyorpropertycompletelyroutedbytheAllies.2,000Tartarswerein the soil." This fact says our }*•>*•»•«»«•«+ Ai»^TM2 says our informant, displaysa ,understand him rightly, he proposes not only to separ-nan and Anderson of Fane's Horse, and Capt Braba-2gentlemanly manner.'' But the discussion is said to have- the train ! Lynch him ! Lynch him !" Instantly, at to portend the immediate disruption of the Republic.been of a very exciting nature. The fact, however, that least fifty men jumped on and commenced a search for But through all this violence we cannot but think that the "minute, man" declined to lay hands on the Pro- the offensive specimen of Northern opinion; but before signs of insincerity appear. The Carolinians andfessor say8 something for the power of argument which the Professor could be pointed out, the conductor, see- ing the danger, pulled his bell-cord, and the cars movedGeorgians protest too much. -The flame is too violent and too sudden to last long. No doubt, much sedition will be talked, and many acts committed which the Federal Government might be justified in treating asNorth talk about conciliating such ruffians by compro- which, after all, is no hard one—and common sense is the New-Orleans, Jackson, and Great Northern Rail- mise they are fooling their time away. They mean will show them the absurdity of refusing to accept aroad. The name of the point at which fhe affair occurred, our reporter has not been able to learn, but it is said to have been "in the interior of Mississippi."A gentleman, doing business in this city, happened to be traveling on the same car and uaw the whole trans- action, but on the ground that Prof. Mitchel does not desire the facts in the case to be brought before the public, he declined giving our reporter any information beyond the fact that he was on the same train, saw the whole affair, and subsequently learning that the name of the gentleman who had been insulted was Mitchel, and that he came from New-York, approached him, and asked him if he was Professor Mitchel ? It also appears from information thus gleaned, that the Professor was overwhelmed with gratitude to find a man hailing from the same State as himself, and imme- diately began to detail what had taken place between him and the "minute man;" whereupon, the Profes- sors fellow-traveler informed him. that it was quiteunnecessary, as he had witnessed the whole thing. On learning this he, Prof. M., immediately said that if he should relate the circumstance that had trans- pired, North among his own friends, they would scarce- ly credit him, and if he, the fellow-traveler, would be kind enough to give his name and address so that he might call upon him to verify his Story, if necessary,revolution..TRIAL OF DR. WICKHAM FOR THE MUR- fear that ajmagistrate of limited powers will do whathe, the Professor, would feel under much obligation.Since the arrival of the parties in their safe homes, Wickham 1" I asked the lady myself, "is this Mrs. Wickham Vwith profit.SECESSION IS WAR.affairs, but there was no help'for it, so I shook the dust SIR: In view of the commercial politicians we have natnrally briiig on labor; ergot is not given to prevent abortion smallestreflectionvthat the South, even if united, coulddoes our Senator PRESTON KING show the world thatachievement of San. Jacinto has been exhumed, andevery incident connected with it Bet forth in glowingcolors, in order to convince the world that Texas is in rebellion. I believe this Government cannot peuceably bo dis- 11J50, at the house of James ft. Cole; the family and some few ofas reported:" The sentiment of my State is that the Union shall bo pre- served. I believe secession is another name for insurrection andsided at Montague; I was acquainted with Solomon Cole and Wife; known them six or eight years; I married them, June 12,Violence is to be met by calmness, and sedition by a quiet discharge of constitutional duties. The Southern- nary details of Secession required to be settled as "Crocketts and Bowies not all dead," and "the first Young men! there is a text for you! You can read it ternoon of that day they came back to Mr. Jas. R. Coles; Mrs. ers are not to be coerced, because it is expected thatUsH),Freight ; «- *launched on a " sea of troubles." The prelimi- "weak in heart." Transparencies with such mottoes the penalty which the law will inflict." both said they were going to Dr. Wickham's. They went in « wagon alone together; were gone until 5 or 6 o'clock; in the af-THE. REV. PAUL TRAPIER'S LETTER.to rely upon the fact that the medicine was put up by defeat. Everything has been at stake with them— pedition boat. Mr. Hall found it necessary to postpone taey are in the mire. the State. Here, in Galveston, the male portion of Sm: Your article on a subject deeply impressing a drug clerk through ignorance, and that he put place, power, sociaTposition, credit with their fellow- his further explorations to the North until another tea-The impression is increasing that the raising the population wear cockades and single stars, and the the serious mind of our country, entitled " Superfluities strychnia instead of nux vomica in the prescription, citizen6--andnow they can hardly bring themselves tofemales decorate their bonnets and dresses with the tri- of Literature," in your paper of this morning, does in- and that the prisoner's fleeing from the State was believe that they have lost the day. Bnt the South is eon. He thinks he has discovered that Forbisber Strait not muted. Whole States are lukewarm in the Demo- does not exist, and that Cumberland Strait it only a set»•soeasyftmatter. Thebanksare finding colorandsinglesilverstars. Thepresseverywhere justicetotheRev.HenryM.Beare,whicha careful forthepurposeofwaitingtohaveatrialaftertheex- cratic cause, and look with horror on anything deepinlet. Themapsofthatregionhefind*tobeveryI«»crr»»t..,....e l the money required for the emergency willwtnfs, keeping the publio Blind iu a state of agitation. reading of the published cornespond«nce shows. You citement in the neighborhood had subsided.Untitled Document'HP* '••*?like a disruption of the BepuMJc Ev«a in Southincome*.DEROF MRS.COLE.no despot would be able to.effect.In the mean time, however, South Carolina will make every show of secession. The American papers discuss the prospects of the new republic, its wealth,The trial of Dr. Wickham was resumed at the SussexCounty Court, N. J., on Mondavmorning, atlOo'dock, material resources, .ports, railways, and commercial when the following testimony was produced: system. The complications which would ensue on thisevent are spoken of with much gravity. The effect on William H. Wardell, being, duly sworn, itestified—I reside in the cotton trade especially would be most remarkable,the City of Now-York; I have resided there 4£ years; was not personally acquainted with Doctor Wickham; saw him on the 1st September. lWiO, in Chatham street, New-York; he wentwhen the produce of Georgia, on its way to Charleston,• ; • : •Cross-examined—The officer Mid not ask me, "is this Mrs. I Bpoke to her, and asked tier if she recollected mo; she an-farm where he died. For the last eleven years he had been in feeble health, during which time he was wholly withdrawn from businessofapolitical,or public nature. Gov. Palmer was a man of extensive influence, particularly among his own town's-people. He possessed an intellect strong and vigorous, a mindanteed, '2S d -A. rthe same State attempted a similar policy in the time of however, an effort has been made to keep the facts swered, "my name is Mrs. Lamont." 1 do not remem- Mr. Calhoun. South Carolina will not declare herCentral. .>r <.•.">; 61j;Clevelan! cago and Rod Burlington, smmay have said in Mrs. Clark's Hotel that I would receive the To-manner of treatment.The Rev. Henry Dutcher, being sworn, testified: In 1858 I re-W«K« .zeal beyond the bounds of common sense. If we Secretary to Lord Elgin; Mr. Parks, Messrs. De Now-Constitutional Election because it has gone against them, and breaking up a great nation through the vainCarolina does not yet propose to make herself St. Johnsbury. He formerly filled a large space in a new nation. The first plan is to embarrass the Fed-eral Government by refusing to fulfill Federal duties. the political affairs of Vermont. Probably nO man inSouth Carolina now has no Federal official. - She medi-tates withdrawing her Senators and Representatives in the gift of the people. He frequently representedfrom Congress, and opposing a passive resistance tothe execution of Federal law. The people of the" Palmetto State " will then leave the Government atWashington to take what steps it thinks fit. In short, and Governor from 1831 to 1835. After his election as the scheme of South .Carolinians is not so much seces- United States Senator, he removed to the beautiful sion as "nullification," to use the term current whenCarolina therewhen the first effervescence has subsided, wilt make its influence felt. To leave the Southerners com- pletelytothemselvestotakenonoticeofthewithdrawalof-the Senators or Representatives, to avoid as much as possible any conflict between the Federal author- ities and the excited populace of Charleston—in short, to oppose a " masterly inactivity" to the excitementtember at Chang Kia Wan and Jang- Chan. On boththe State ever held so many offices of honor and profitDanville in the Legislature; held the office of Supreme Judge; was a United States Senator for seven years,IK-OlWi, .- KJBeforo i u>l ing thcro w| and the barJ attained an Ileading stoci First BOHM t tending thro sales of K>'W was le*» ctre on each Callin the shar-rJ ate in extent good inqci:v- closing<{•:>.•(4 better ako. advanced to • had currf-C' y pany had dw reason to o- action haa Illinois CentJ day, and ti.eper cent JV* cv day. The efc at the cloi^ o 58i. Ga!' last tran.-acti after the r«?-s earnings o; til makeafa%>r| market win the nv.>m Erie, whi 4 Hudson It. e firm at qu ft. steady throug for railway b< vance. Han which sold ye First Board ai ^ cent. Th•inordersof bonds ii the feator** some instancy particularly h delivery, and numeroVh n.rxj the ca*h et«> k morning: 1 -V the Boston el 2,000 shHW- v exchange ua; bills to be <ina tral were :il*j to-day' ban luted by «iM of the rili ling buof the ma:ke bave necci *d by sale«» < reluctance n in thid way awkward wajconstrued ruv count*, so far patches, no* \o% cal matt<M> t al day, but w'-•• Washington i undenstatio ibj one thing certt exists. Th<- o•€s, ? 4 <.«:>, v66® 07; Ca::toCompany, H i79J; New-y*Railroad, 2s{'«HaHem IU;ire33; Ht'adinfctt4M7J; Michlifl®J3i; Miehtgi «-•'• -..,n.W»...—•*• .. — -Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street' 'W**'^,«P^:<i•m*^i&ftfi^^M^k^^^^if^^^-^^asawFulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com'r,.'.''•' '.''^~^^"\-''V-^''~''';\J-Ji^Jwi.'!.''-1..•".'.''".. lT..'."iimi.j MI.......»*«'!# :: ;Mlll,ll•••^ ' " ""' ^ ••"-""