- > -^residingseptOcaglac,,carried aooia AM sss terdar, p Bugurs to the To Ol^.tbcyagainst?*• ".j^f •":••tree fram tbe objeettons arnl8.-AaaparaUeledt)M Fisrapeaay"Arst trto, yas-ar« aatbalrsfais Vomaerofleadaetasbtaabbisk". .7Z_Irenders,equalvlolatiesi oftke saalto-'cmr mTELLlGEKCS.mflAnSAvi BplHgler IMUtnte.vfowLASTiJD1TAUurrQinau. -down,andthesidewalkIkfhntlkIkaaataUuetedsl- araUanaoasIyvrltk aid laiaa aad aew materials. ThetkefkstBtsaBtoatFlera,'fortaOiOOO,fifflurlrewa afleaaasantOSes. Sbe wOIrnn regnlarfy&eaa VertBtAasaad, Faetoo vlUa aad Mew Btlcktoa, la tta foot of Cort-.•HMM.aasMlIy.frr iMilrtl kuSSerflSs^mEnn:::'".""Satoidsr •nnlBS. ^fl»,-»^>»thr» 111was. jiawt^taof the thonsaads of »«le*nansivaet-• -•^'—^^ u 'waa tram Bia ^aine State^r.^i^ar'o^^ri'-.'c-h^ear^rvireJf^"""h SI;.;^ tne eUMrt wlSi a cload «f drtck^ad amagentlSBienwere present, and tkeeajoymentsMoihtof Ims Wea kea>d eflieially of ike award since it left tbe oflKe af tbe (^iiy Inspeelar, or of theof Ike Coabittre w abew toat Ibe manar itpert wasalaa nnless pradncd fr«B H. W. «oiagent If etroDdlcaa Halel No. BaUdkig,»ay, Kcw-Taik. ..BBALL-wiBuFRKf—Sba&we saSerwtth psoper.oT wl'h a fear of pUes, while OAvarrr^herself, »TWt her as a r«l*tiT%. M^r reqaestMr. Hau,, tke kr*t charged toe otmoet aadsfaetioo.pleisaat aiMl unhaabbfal aasoelatlons eoaaraM wllkine name of tenement kouscs would ceasety to enact them or toe beneficialnot at least equal reaion for toe o'ordlnaoces passageilmititig toe number of occupants oftooias ia teae-!Ctan.tlMlr fanettons toto leara the cause eftbltduay.1fninlskcs no that Broad vay «ill gronndfbr hopeItaAcmlSSm^mi.DraTBOTm to-Bnmgraaui, -hid teen her once la pttt>lic, and;oecupied toe bead ef the second table, «m1 botn dis-.Laws to exist already esist limiting ihe number afpassensara to a ship, and ^one have questioned ettker the authori-relerred.' All parties to'etes'ed areaattaallyaaxloaswere aroused that 'StowlaiU were of a dlffeieat cfaaraster from thoie >Alch a relaUre would pay. Inquiries at the St.Tbe scene was nnltmited asejofaadrlghf Col. Corcoran,VstiltO Is toerefnialaed plediePastswier to attend to tke faaalto of hisnay net equal y be applied to boose- owaen la re-laloreCity Ckamberlaia, aodpayorar torhlmaUtocaersto le«Te the City immediately.ever hear the last of tlieUon that when these are completedDetectives Blowey and King arrested yesterdaytoprotection of healto is toe governing rule fn hoto 4ietam af toe, i|lndedVila •! the iBrtttate, J^d"*ASWBOoTn. tltSL ,h»nm» momeut that the deJM wiieU!?ce Miss PairM entered the room. "amm wioiSed th* young lady to wlihdraw,easycases, ard the protection of health to a large andaxtenMaator oCrata aad mlea. watar-^rarabUdabmt at.Ujeand that toe varlformed fronts on either side may re- main wltheot change while Mr. AnasaT has time to take an initanlaneoua view for the ktstortcal edlfisa-been to engagedSouthern customers toat toe tova- constgstoentsiBSTllabiUtyare andmay ka eeaatcd tke creditors ef theThl» visitlullofIhedustandrubbishwnlchatthisckargcsgaged extensive lareaaies of Berehaodlsa eommlt-viewbat the apiatonged law-salt baaoaiaa dally aune apparent and the prtoeipel salfsranItw«.temporarytot*a le toair eare. Theposed to Infection or contsglon'. Isalable,WM mide, tao.n, Mr.impoitaiiee la tbe regret toat I ninst cenrlnae to eall your stteationto IheThapreseacaof tks'CamptraUar'fex-Bl»«<lily.^i^^r'2rri»deSri^uir«»*«<'»°^ ^\' ?°' •JJtTMSanlns^ afflrmtoc that he had noiacreuCiTlui PTO?I.^ltSfABwn repUedthUaUconrer- ZiOoB between them' muit be bt her pteeence. Sen.TBI Nkw-Yobe Posiyin^oi.—Hon. Jobf A. Diz, the new Postmastor, has not yet entered ap'>B llw discharge ef his duties, and the office sti^ remOnsfell short ol toe named to the tovolce. quantityaconiirinatton of these abases most be prejadtclal tnWarn Imaedtatel/ itepced- op to Hlu Pnpn andrested, but an Investigation resolied inBretiT kas tke great legal adTantaaeol.poesesaloB. which la aokaowledged to be alaa ppmts of toe law,Sevattarc af Oeeaa Hallfc.Va^il^—posing who^ijivedbot bis past josbfica toe coattettoa toat whanThe Cnropaan malls fsr the Atia wtO eai etaaasbe yielded, and Ihe AUthis timeMrs.AbbotwascaU- S« oa the bystanders to Interfere, oat no one re-by foall.owtog master- GeneiTBI tickit swihdlirs.Charles Gllmore, of No. 109...Jane I.S(....IQiocwb.crecrk.. -LlTerpask ...Jane U....l(ev-Tark.. .-.HUavvereaoelCfto «et In the carrl.ge 2aaole drove off.ftte St. Mlcholas Hotel, having become Mrs. Gen. Siana. Tals Is the story, aa it comes to as from re-.SOTSFROMTHBPRINCIPALOPTHEIH- . BTITBTE.Arabia Vanderbat•hie eoareea. 'aiampe-neighborhood. In clean- the entrails are thrownIbwsAT Evniiio, May 21, \9K. Wt^MiifrtfUu Ifew-Tork TimtM:prohibitingtoe of fish hawking(E. D.) permission to remove Saxosia burytog-gronnd^asktog...Harn» onr — bast Inwho have called to their collected (1,200tions, and recommends itself i6 your attention for an Folton to the Railroad Feiry. Referredabatement of toe evil. Tbe indifference to this evil mtUee. A on the part of railroad companies, naturally totentupcn iocreaslng their gains, should be met by strto- enaclments for the protection of passengers who ge^nvtealegal ijght tothjt protection from the pabUc authorities. The practice of mlogUng todlscrlmtnately toe healtoy aad toe sick, the sober and the drank, loCom.(naara*.Staaser Slack Dlamoad, alien. Pnuadelpliia, .City, aiamathy with ns mtliis ceed of outrage, violence 675 ;;WMtt'Siriril, »30O, of wnlch Hr. Witxasgave passers. by, were not sumciently definite to secure hisICalhoaa, MatshaU. Livcrpcot Spofford. Tllacteadel Mina. Wolff•iBilve right to Its manufacture, and made Into steeigbavtogthere a* «o meuis of judging. Not unfrtquenUy naifment; toat the Ftoance cSmmlitee be direeiedBooktogham. Newport masterThoa*;;Ceanaa Caaaen.A regular meeting of the Board of Aldeimeaantt afeame. 1 believe its author will t>e regarded as tlOO Mr.Mr. Mc- attendance at the toquest. The jury rendered a ver-dict toat Mrs.. MiiCHiLL's death had resulted fromSpecial Committee, appototedin.ml«bt «raa»nd "i" "P''''we a may enjoydensely rrowded Is doablele Mr. Plait.peetad ta-dsy) aay tend to sdvatkl*at Na. ««-* ~''*'*-*'""• HIhPhifps "saa- from Slcaiboilne last Saturday, in searching Captain's;of the Iearland,andofeverymanwbohasaruterorwbo Boaun,Baltimore,$200(100Mr. Buans, BUtlmora- Bark Baekcya. Bootbe. St'mining ^e execratton of every fattier and mother lasaee the inatlnete of a gentleman. 1 am. Sir,GORHaMD.ABBOT. anaeua IiSTiTtru, Fifth-avenue.PvIytechiiiG ABSociatlon.;Qtraxn,Clipper, gave ;;veatlgateTncksr • Co* CeorgcBrlas Smith. D. Daion, Wtodsor.Bcetbc,rstyleexpended nearly everyappro-speetlnlly yoors,worth$75forhisshare. TheChair-totentionDootha of his term hethat a amount of work was EOtJiefeond; large or-M——passengers,;ITmadeyottogIner Scaiauia, and informed blm that tlieexceptIn tolsTIOTB XXPAKEIOX OJ BXAT rHILOSOPBT or xoTioit, so.man that he had given his right name, but he had become so alarmed at toe result of toe accident toat he had fled from toeCity.rATAt ACCIDHT TO A CABTHIB.country.SchoonenM.H Bead. Kelly. Mev.*edkird. Beiiea. MegeeiPetcrsborg, J. Haater * Co.; tasks n^mv^^tmm?="^="WP^is»=nr" mtT TITT-Tr"•^ llaU and Graceoar eltlceas, no trip f^a be aore pleasaat tkan this, fcr tM low fare of «K eeals.or thi OmaiBS orBvprui thiBkaziltoTBI or *HB StxtT aniH —An 9"""**this «iakkaifaiinta CiS. iLas Bber tS/lit, aaaare aad 5«etal exfease orthe w^eek.BBlphato«r Uae.'^ ^*"»»P««nemaa,tkesameISSL.'VE*'^*- **""•lakabuad,tomostlo- stteau'amiliBgafimlr tnnspiied at Bpingler sitae be left blank. Between the City -Chnrdiflieraarenofewerthanadoxenhousesnn-Atwotweeks ~~forfor tbe ter•mssrfivaof tha^awaidedSoIpbaMar FWaahof Fiflh-kTCBM «Dd,Tlilrty-6«rUi-Uta Fnnt, bom Tut-I»1H of the InsUtntlOB fte. Miw tUDe,.kadjn<i>est^ of Mr. Auoi, the Prixdpal<^ Um laattatai tkat Cko. Btxhi. wbo, ahe kfbmed,draUiacIhe lalB»ato«rio«irdergotog fke process of«ntiredea»oUilon.aiaertaiament, at which the otBcers of the esik Regiasnt ware the gaeita, took place last night on board tbe new Gal-yaaia, waia advi ..aaafitoi. 1. », «. .ni.' terns. Nobe aUowedadTaatoge.as well astbe pablle good, and Ihe aa-mlsiicners of toe Central Park have recelvel notice, ior afaarpening knives, wheels and other tools for cut- ttuough Gxo. E. KuiHAam, Erq„ Consul, that tiveive Sag, grinding or polishing. It consists of a combination swsns, a present from the city of Hamborg, fVUi ar- sif emery with rubber, hardened by means of heat and rive here bystte steamer Bmvaritt, about i!ie 36:h toiCthe Ceonselor be directed to compel tos late Com-yceesnre, and it is claimed for It, that it is oKire eco- aomical, efficient and convenient for general use, andUmi it can be made of any grade or number of eme- IT, however coarse or fine, and of any quality, lo a degree ol hardness equal to stone or iron, wiih keen amtting properties, unequaled by any other material.The owners of the steamer have generously under- taken to bi ing over toe swans, and to take back freeproportion of toese names is utterly unkaoirn to ourprovidefor toe balance of the ) ear, wbere toe appropria- tion has been exhausted, and toat a Stwcial Commit-tolled drawings ot toe mode of constructing nesis, Ht. vVibb exhibited a crane fo; raising heavy both fixed and floating, have been received. Theclaims of ttaefe certificate-makers to toe title of Doc-BAiMea.Btnrggs. wito-weights. Invented by Mr. Pasci, the iiecullar feature *«# which la a joint In the aim of tne crane, which, aftei elevating the weight to the rt-qulred height, en- afefea the ana to pass mto a narrow sp&ce and to de-tors of Medlctoe, toe are left In toe dark as to publicHjr. PAaoB was a man of conslderahle iaventlve talent,ml Ikis invention was the reiult mire of necessityBajn of the studies and experiments of a professed in- changes between this City and the cities of Europe—A SEW FEBKT TO BEOOELTH FOnETH OF JtLT IStoeir antbors, that not only the publle may t>e kept toV«^ veaibr. The scientific men of Rochester had thor- with which we malntato active commercial reiatlois.boats gonefotwaid by flie body of the operator leaning upon a remarks. The true legato of toe skies was toe mis-presented witoout any Counclimanlc signature, was adopted.anyskapi stnmgbetween two arms, similar to the aroisand the cutter, wbl;;b Is circular,astd his was the noblest and highest mission intrusted to man. Rev. PxTtx Srstxaa deliverei toeA resolutionavenue,wldentog, and toe Park and Parade groud. These iropiovements. It is estimated, will invMve an ex-ACo. Mar 19, lal. At, Ion. 72, s«ir a bark shoeing a wtil e fi^g withat aaad set hoiizontauy upon its pivot, is made to revolvesionary,to appropriate $7,000 for toe celebra-suggested to your honorable body that thewlto potatoes,onions- to S,aith. Juneswheelbarrow,.ty ,walkoTM'^*'*,TM' care necessary in taking, dowa'•»^'»"'» of tenement hoasesdeafcaa kowarar. haa doripg the past Bantlarge pcopotttoa oT let 4waUla|ssataaorweekdaroledflseUwithdeBOBUoD of old ktdldlBt:!. In apparent wknttaer newer fabrics ahsH Use from the ruins orlasdt-street. The prasaatliaala akarga UK aaats—tiT U.imitim la pnTata.-when lOipleloDainetaoJai, wberc he was ttc^pln?, confirmed Jesses are whitened, to toe tofiui* dismst of toelr Cantnrw,aBdoto*rs. Theplessore.<gteM~B^iilekaa,to dlseonUnae hia ristts. This he not ^thotpersist,wtlhsweet iaUreatiof. in stopping to ckat oa Ihe very spot•P«Uce Reports. BDBIkll TBIAEUBXS.ItBdad ta Infection and maUog these boiMlags laboratorlaiot predaeeheia- packatasatSScaataeaek.to do, bat TOloatewed a to that eflioet, and gare Ills word thatthese thieateatog ruins, mmi>tae«noy,disease? .Wbat reasaa exists to compel toe Aia- aanldpal affabs^ Saiaa'aCtka Dspartasat, (as''"V''£h{l^n^lcliesrrefreshlng "r."^ o7i reet diit tbVt >eia«edto the earlier ant Capt.COHFTRO.LER^S OFFICE. 'im^ths°of SprlS^ Black eoat, «,dasd Gen. Bratnt was re- hijMtlflcd wearers, though the ladles refuse to hurryand Mtssrs. Tally,Rooney, Stephenson, Sullivan,cnsiODB BTAn or ArraiEg.Tke, aaBUaaol taaira af the (^mptraller kasaMoatanwoatad ia coBpUcatloatoa water eMBMaat baad. at a;^ler^Ik Barry,meBtmtnis amidstbanish aa'l esri preventwhereibeneatlimberis likelyto fall.enceexperi-passengers,thataotiacd,) aanUaae tolaaegalxeKr. StwrtaaH»TMiOa8jt-.sftaraaas, olwlthatandlug Uieselassorances, at least a consolation to observe so m^ny houses re- Capi. D. 8. Williams, owner of a scksoner of toeaad k^ds aUke. Woeg sir Ir compressed to toe gregation, the buUoing being completely crowded pelled to »4dre5« your honq;;:,;^ '^^uv lu raiailon tO T- <ej>Bty_sfw»t«It!snot any eisier to further e<m- In-'iae, and hundred; tcisg unable to gain adioissioa. <>'-*tpartof the duties of his Department which im. "TOtaa't. Iiidla rubber can be qompretsed butlltflt. Mr. CoXBiTi is ^out to sail lor £ur6pe, tiblog with mediately concerns toe healto of the City, to report iSiat which Is hardest to compress is the most eisiiy him hlswiio. Ir. closing h* soliclieU an interest in suggestions and recommendations made by him on expanded. Znc was the least compres-ioie of me- 'i"«e piftyers of God's people during Ids journey hence, this important stibject, and to ask such additional Ic^slation to sustain hloi lathe discnarge of his du-healtn may require, our may be saved from the visitations of pestilence.52, 1, 10, 23, S, 6, 12, 22, 49, 33. 40, 42, 46, 54, 55, 60, 62,i""lfenyftealmost unnecessary to repeat toem, and each wd;tals, and at the samg time was the most ex^.^uslve.snd avscnce in a foreign land.A Laegib Bbook ThOCT Waxikd.—Mr. Bar.WIIKLT BIPOBT or DEATHSFrom toe IStoday of May to toe into day of May was found on Stmday, at Van Vorsi Hill, Hudsoo Hew-Yoik tor Havana.«s rones ; is^h. fromThe atoms of bouies do not come ntir 6»^h other itistheir adhesivequalitythatkeepsthemtogeihirties as the exigency of the occasion imperatively re.man, apparently a German,, about 35 years of age,barkDsvdLapsicr. froa FslladelpbiaS. W. of Cape Batteras, spoke bark Oen.Stnckcr.fthe effeclcf heat is to separate loo particles anJ tnlsmil has returned to the Museum which, for so long a time toat toe memory of no young lady of eighteen orwas held Coroner Acisaiiia, and bydeaU flora suic'de was ren-m hisDowniu. was committed to.the'Coonty jall.yesterday,to take the life of Jamss andto an affray at Weebaw-MW 0RLBAN8, May 19—Arr. ships •,on, »fr„o_mthe we:ght of 742 pounds weuld h«.e toThis he has not succeeded to ob.properauthority to enfoiciour ssnitary regulations,kidS.ys Anturism3 Diarrhoeai:Dlphtoerlte .. 1 Dropsy3 Infijm..of Liver I chargedSaianLteourked, in releicnce totheconductibliity t.kh'o'5'e""of«f Betids> that the French Academy had discove.-ed, wni Worth aHeart, 6kneeKe em- :9<eyad, and the power lost by leakage renewed.of the-North .•iidc of4|Drowned J kxposuieJiPreinatore 1 Suicide«lAt Tork, idgmightThe subject of " GasSomlng " will be taken up atlurveinent to establish a cheap stalcn Island, the FLora,EsmatiTNxw Smss orBarnes for boiton, do. liTispcoi., Thureday. P. H.-.4rr.red/ro»i New- York-Jane f>«ggMl, .to tbe Clyde ,the next of the meMlsgall from want of au-Totalthe number of deaths comparedfor theSuits Drawing-room,Suits for tbe School-room, Bulls for the Promenade,BROAr>WAT IN DisoBDXB.—Thecommeni^ad-of Cort-who have sance, and the ordlrance for their batter regulatloa was as KiUows;•rawho supply our take hungry City,spondtagArrivtJ /•owi CHerlesKm—Coosawatke*, at Uverpool.AseoeiaUun.yesterday«f tocee abases remain toorlty lo abate toem.force,wito toe corre- weeks of 18S8 and IBM, aad of last week,; ;quires.^Tbe Increase of deaths, as proved by the weeklyreturns, and toe close approach of the season whendiseases of a fatal character are almost sure to visitus, give waintog. ol the' necessity of eve-y precau- tal, 102. Adulte, 154 :- Toolveaulted in expansion. Scientific men hadBO accurately, tha' they were now able to =ive the•xactamotmi of power exerted by a unit or degree•f.heau Thus, If the t_-u»pcrature of a meta.beraised from 55 to 60 degre- s, Ike rxpausive power oJ werds, he has renovated, enlarged. Improved can accomplish it the health ol the City.1S60.;Youths, 17jArtel, from LivvrpbotcalculatedBostoa._ ..'"' "'* toe habits of toese fish— the pioteus and sea horse, especially aredis. of...11 TumorJexpectea tbeoperatioofrom Clenfoegossiuuy, Uut that huudicd dollar lour *ea experiment, thai copper, unoer a pressure of pouLd bruuK trout is wanted, nr. BiasoMCroBli. ToUlI'twenty/earsChildren, 831.dered. The<3oronertias tog for Identification.possessiondorInsidetheHook,boundout.Mindfresbb.^. E..name, and in coming back, "to use his ownexpressive so far as human skill " it tionary measure to preserve,Males, 197 Females, 235. Colored persons, 14. ;clou weather -l.v.sent out to care for toeblnlsquorumpresent, last four more toan two-thlrds are months,tee beof the City money by toe holder of this office. The Steamer Mara, Ifichois, P&iladalphia, wlto aidss. totheand instruct to toe manner of keeping them. De-of any chargepersonasreport was laid on toe toble for two weeks, and wasordered Wm. B. Bomxii was confirmed as prtoted.Deputy City Cterk, and after the transaction ol con-sideiable otoer bustoess, the Board a(|joumed for one and nascesccrs to Joe Alien.stvsns of Hamburg, like toe pigeons of Venice, arethe value of toeir certificates and of toe actual condi- spe-Steamer FotomskCf Nye. Hew-Bedlacd, wiib mice.matotained at toe charge of toe city.They are ac-week.HiETlxo or TXx-Patibs.—A large and inSu-Ship Wm. Woodbuy. tof Portland,) McLallaa, Liver- pool 30 ds., wito Bdse. to maater.Bark Cmivoy, Castner, Cieofnegos May 1, with sogarcustomed to a high degree of cold, and are not takenBomt its load at any desired place. Seve'-al of these out of the water iu Hamburg to toe coldest weather, tbe reason toat toe has beenbut are merely driven toto a corner, where they pre- vent toe formation of ice by their motion and theirprevent any sesumingthetitleofM.D.,andfromentlalmeettogoftex-payersSupreme andmolassestoD.A.a. Startev&Dt tild.toeo.wlihSave been made and are now la successful operation.ttof. SncLT had aeea one In the factory of the Inreu-lor at Fa'rport, Monroe County, whlcn greatly pleas- natural warmth. In a pond •vithdut any current It erty of the City. As toe Board did not organise, cd klm, ana wUeh had worked to the entire satlsfac- may be necessary to protect toem a little more, when•ea of its proprietors. M^. SasLr said that although toe frcst becomes severe %nd while their number islimited. This donation of Che city of Hamburg mayBOARD OF COCNCILMEN.toecarry togbe the commencement of a pleasant series of inter-ignorance of toe healto of the but toat crime eertato improvemento in toe shape of parks and patoted blaca, wlto whlcacoarter rail and green hoasei——«agUy eiam^WMl pne made to be uted at Geneva, and Okgahization of MissiOHAKiis. The new ED TO THI PUBLIC I'WEHTT-THIBC-STEIIT; reported petition vesrel. Sbe was;api>arent)ynew. OffBamegattookkad expressed theniselvee highly pleasei with Its-arerklng. Hetlioughtthelnv«niorthouldbeexam-teed by the Association, and if the result should provefavOfSDle to the machine, then the scientific men of to Its utmost capacity, the occasion betog the ordtoa- Haw-York and of Rochester could ijnlte in their In-darsement of its merits. It was accordingly referred go a Committee.TO BE PATID WIIH TBAP BLOCE—S0ODIg AD-JOUEKMEKT.A.t the meettog of ^e Board of Coancilmen, lasteventog, a resolutloa was offered of toqulry directedwhich would otherwise be gatlon, matle,Dutch Reformed Church, corner of Flfto-avenue andand crime as to carrytog out toe proposed go unexamined and unpunished. How imperfectand and toe justice, recommendingof a Committee of toree to each Ward toBark Baltimore Lineocd, (ofTwenty ntoto'6treet,wasonStmday crowded eventog)Vartin,Bor<eau21ds.. improvements with wtoe to Biehs * Bell. Expeiieoced thick, taccr roustthat law be which requires a certificate, while until the tax-payeis have an opportunity to weatber, wlto light easttrlr wind. Baw aomsrcas ice- it denies all power of ascertaining whether the oer- amend toe laws so as to conform to equity bergs on toe Banks. On toe oatward na-rage Sasiavaa 1 emcine, seaman, of New Tork fell overboard aad waation of Rev. Tro. SocsDia, Jr., and Rev. Isaac Kirp, Jr., as missionaries. After an opentog prayer by Rev. Dr.tlficate be of any value. In ail otoer kinds of busi-appointment obtato slg-lost The L. was 7 ds. from toe Banks to this portBarkto toe Comptxoller to report as to the autoorlty of A machine for cutting hay, rye, com, &c., by tread- VxanLTaA, and sisgtog. Rev. Mr. Gassi delivered a " one Ltosky to nu a ferry from, at or near toe footness the olEcer who certifies may be called upon toGrace, (br.. of Varnoath.N S.,IS(o«e, Shields-^- yower, invented by l/onis KocHS, was also exhlblced sermon from Psalms ell., 22. The Importonce and of Catoartoe-street, lo Brooklyn, E. D." The resolu-saa;d refened to a Committee. The machiae is pressed cf missionary labor formed toe burden of his tion is reported verbatim, b'lt although dignitycerned, so far as the powers of this ex- DepartmentMajor SaRB. A. A. Lav and a. B. Baius, when toe leport and petition was adopted and toe Committee aopototed. The Improyemcnts refened to are theCo. vessel to Wilson A Brame. Has experieoaed some heavy westerly veatLer, split sails, and sprang a leak, requjrtog both pumj-s vo be kept almost eon-each foot, while walking forward, upon a charge. He portrayed the dangers and trials of mis- will, of couree,^me up to due time; and a resolu-"Wj pressing and;had a black ballthe momeLt slonaiy life, Ikefoot is raised, a spring draws the strap ap againurgeduponhelp. tion directing the opening of Tompkins-square to thefltoaawki^iSr wound around a pulleymd Ike puileyi and as the foot presses the sti^p toDepaitmenttoact with mere efficiency, and oar citl- asns generally to be more satlsfactotily toformed ef toe stote of tbe public healto.The jmdersigned adts leave to repeat toat by salu- tary oidtoances to each of the cases to which toe at- tention of your honorable body has been so oftenIhe healto of our City would not fall to be im-proveti, but toat at jiresent, and to toe sbsence ef suchordinance,itfindsItselfwltooutpowertoactIncasesof toe most urgent character. It asks no addtliunal yesterday mointog, while to a somnambulic stote, BrookmtLn A Co.patronage, but it does solicit that its powers be more walked out of a wtodow on toe fbtirto floor of the Brig Alloa. (Br.,) Horton, Llngan, C B., 10 ds., withdisttoctly specified by ordtoance, so toat it may not house, and fell to toe sidewalk. Officer Oats, of toe coal Co Kogers and Rich.the forward of the machine' by shovinggtven.theground,body catises it to wheel, or rather to revolve. Mr.property to p^y one- half Jhe expense, was concurred in.IBark rergus, (Br., of Hall Bark Harmon, (of BsrpsvellSllieldsthat such amachirie was needed, es- padaily for cutting lawns, the common machine be-at far too bulk; los that purpose.Mr. Muanoc presented to the Association, throughSir. Saa2.T, some specimens of coppsr ore.fouad it Fart Lee and taken from a mine worked before the BevaluUoiI-is whohasbeenordatoedasamissionary. Hegoesto'VlBsaatliottghtTheBoardtoen avoldtogWood. Sagoa * dl.,)more liatiie to break In Winter than Tke sadden appllcalion of force or strain constitutesa pasteboard wheel rapidly -«Bsagh revolved would cut off a rod of iron, and a tal- Mar aasdle flrad tkoa a musket will pass through a baai4 tad the oatise of these two results wss that Haa^wspat gtydBto eitherof the weakerobjects•abaad.Mr. SiKr lOgKeitsd that the same law in respectia aoMeeaatoiUty michibe fotmd to pervade gases'^i*"t<ii- tfea greatest dangerpieachermy heart Is overwhelmed, lead me to toe rock that is therefore, lay paperof tlie health of our water on Johnson street Eastern Disttic|. City.Ke 'any t>e' ',ds •y(toebefore our readers to ad-prhmotionIt is respectfully urged that protracted delays rescued by Officer RpniaTsoa, of toeWest 18 ds., « iti cott' n, 4cA toR.LMaiUaad Co;toe city. The gentlemen engaged in tois movement believe toat toe great bulk of the tax should be levied, as to street opentogs, upon toe properly directly ben- efited.8palijlng (of -Bocklasd,) ds.. with sugar and molasres to maarer.Cardenas 8Dlrtoetog oidtoation, to which satisfactory responses betogsame Is to be levied on'tbe Western Fire hoistedDistrict of Bark uHQairlreirenttathvrelianceRev. Mr. Siaoao put toe usual toterrogatories attend-candidates were declared duly ornalned for toeir work. Rev. Jobm Scddou, Jr., is a son of Dr.Ba'k.Abvf.;yle. (Ur.. of^uil.j Waugh, Newcastle 4J dr., with coal lo H. i F. «. Meyer.Sccnnix, toe noted missionary, and) Bemaekabli Escapi or a Bomeahbulist with coal to H. A P. W. Mejer.Woolf,April 10,aedvltytotka disregard theisa"six-beat Her.!.„i—-^~i_i.^?^"""*ilesorlpUoB,wkllB koaber•'laada tsaai>.8,11*recollections of theDa Caiipeelhad on Ms .has been taken, as will be port. pdaonerswill ttteu Gen. sTebeninittihaetorystep oradlerreafdryomtoe Assistant Post- daybyaUnitedSUtesCommissioner.to-K>adrm«btoa.r.g~ ...Jeae tS....Hlefaerw--'rToark.. ..Ureraaei Vova Beotiaa... ...Jane ..M' IAt the regular meeting of the Polytechnic Asso,Alatton on Thureday evening last, a number of noveitoventiooB vfere presented for the consideration of the by MiCHASL Phuak, FauiV Qcsxa, Jamss lavixa,befaietheworkwasdone;that he gave contracts foraaaaas of Qie Insiltute, and an Interesting discussionChas. J. FoETsa and Oio. W. CLScciru,calling aponTunes Faoai, a dirt-cartmanat Ifo. 292alone toat an accurate accountmaybeof;:pool. Bowiud k Frotoinrbam; -8. Brever.aamplerqf solid emery vulcanite, manu&ctured by joumed snbjeet to toe call of toe Chair.—lem under several patents securing to them the ez- BWAXS roB TBI CnTBAL Pake. The Com-very of cerltficates of deatk large majorityDepartmentwlto a totaldiaregaidSardtola, Bamball, F. TalaM * Caraooa,except in cases where prepayment is optional^ ana In which the senders do not wish to prepay,— Jiis orcer to uke elTeot from aad after the a>th lost.'tion was taken under tbe law recently passed by toe Legislature, maktog bogus-ticket offices disorderlyparties"f....SeBto'ptoa "Vev-TSkHoRal-Iu KING, First .assistantPostisasterGensral.Teryrespectfalli,&cPoa'master. New York.The acting Postmastor, Mr. GmHBii, has also 1*-,KrvaSeottaa.....,.Mar M. ..Livespool..Mr. LooHis offered to engross a series of reso!Smith, ColBU, Windsor; D. B.UeWR^J:)e;toe slxto sonthe Alcot Mission, in toe nortoem part of India, Mr. desire of toeKipp goes to toe Amoy Mission, to China,Tux KORFOLK-STRESr Nl W MiTHOOIST CBITBCB. —On Sunday aSemoon Rev. W. P. Coasin, ofJerseyHeasaa.St.The'-JT ""._ ^UtMm. i"^aah, Sarilf"c as* atkaia, art^less t»5builders'hammer. Butltisbiuluiug at the same time, as to warrant the exoecta- saBesame, and Davtd F. Williams, his brother andmale of Us on vessel,gard fo his it is not leeantt,perceive. Tkethe car* ealym. 1< »Ue«ed,ABj« wa.J* Boment barricade the street at almost every block,ef been en- havingcity,of Ihe Immense numtier of htimsA betogs ex-dwelllag.""• '"' tioB of the next generatloa.nil hr-ftn tuaed to Hrt: iBwn and aald, I must bid yoaaea*hfa." Tosuchsommaiypraceadtagiasthese TreuuryDepartment.Sn .SiOT otde^ed, and attempiedlto take oat a writ reaek him until Saturday afternoon, and as he Is re-af t,if«i ctrwuM by thrdwlnc her arais around her quired to fill out his bonds before entering upon his various p«.:kage5 of merchandise, bu.ied in toe gar- ail and hoUlag her. Gen. BTaiiH Aoally sncceeded he will not be'swomtoto den, and yesteroay aliernoon another trunk, contain-legallyHha Pims bom Mrs. Anor'i itebrace. cificlaf duUes, probablyunless such autoorlty la confirmed byseize and off this cairyyotegis-»Stalaaaiag.it. Audi taiUiietlTely tuned and aeiied the Gen-officebeforeWednesday. Hehas, however, beenInlatlon.As regards toeTke Felice met aad ra- CoigBisaloBers yesterday,Brasa Faltoaantarccaa••••4»» •••"a*-•»ew-yef*..InchargeGtrraaii,theSpecial Agestonlted Press, fairly representing toe puclic sen-austcd, he will tariandar wllboia asktog for qof Mr.of the Hr. Da's commission 41d notto test upon toe accused,fan>ll-^atanail, almoetla an ioaulting manner, and ituted iariztog himself with the duties of bis past It is to experienced in identllvtog It.* The octectives haveoftvocgetobles to carts, while Ihe Depsrtnhent has power aaaBbeKef teneaienis as toaeedSqoofadi,mmdedsitagtneattaotg-to"..J«w-Tork ..•atwar -•*«w-Tork. ..Banc•tal, bat fee threw her nom hfan In a Tloleiit,and as Isattendance at the office for several days past,peddlingimwholetome fish and eclved toe repcrt of toe Sanitary-.•W8a2r 2M Ke*-Tork- .-UinupealfcttSdecrinoompanywlthliUaPinprs^tsntlca. TheHealthOiBceraofBrook^alsota-peited a large namber ef places la that BROOK1.YK IMTKIsIJOEiroa.l taropa.-Llverpaal ..'Iverpoelarttoratod her eatiaatles to the young lady to abandonvendinggeneraltoatItwouldrequire all tbeMrs.AsBora thorough reform in toe of the Post-oflice, which shall preventalso traced a portion of tue stolen goods to Provl- denee, R. I., end the supposltlan Is toat the eases were broken and the conuipts abstracted bwfore the'stuff, yet toe custom ofCaaad..May 3»....0«eb«>".. ...Mar M....iectoa ...Jnac l....Ke».Ycrfc.contempUUcntoin-tiiute managementItIssoforce at command, wito toe asalstonce of numerous carts, to abate the nuisance. An ordmance prohibit- ing the sale of such articles to such mtnner and duiing cerwto seasons, and makinr it obllgawiy an toe Police to make arrests, would at oace put an end to toe practice, in eertato localtocs the carts and 'wsgans contaibtog this anhealtoy matter remato sta-Tne teachers and young ladles-feardariaaof etvclng. and fora mo- the possibility of fraud or embezzlement in future. vessel left Tne be examtoedCity.BavairiadheSmOy added their remonstrancef.iieat Mlas Psnprs seemed to bealutetara pot his arms aronnd her apparenUy "Jg^gAaglo-Saxsa ...Jane l....qaekee ..UnoST ...Jure$100lulionsinaman eulogized Mr. HaxiiAir, and commended tils ex- his tohuman conduct after toe accident Same hours;ample to the youto of America. On aiotlon of Council- men CAnpBaiL, toe Finance Committee were orderedbase ball and ) acbt clubs were invited to contribute totoeteslimosial. Thserlcketclubswerespecially;todotheany toj^iry, they reprehended him forKn, St Jean. H. Uii4er*oed :maa. Cooper, Porte Plata Sssitk. Joeas k Ccso that awith Ddscah, Sbsihut 6i Co. on Saturday.- Theto turn la toe funds,deposltleouMbewho drove the vehicle was hisseems to be no law for toe prevention or oorrectton of;<excepted.adoptedsignedtoe Among objectsaThe Assocladoncircularsto beobtotoedtificate of deatos, reported to this Department, is not paid hy the CityCITY inspector's OFFICE.City, preached his farewell sermon, previous to hii BXFOET UPON TBI SABITABY FBECAUrlOMS BI-Brig Allan Dale. ( Br.,) McBornia. Wiodsor, N. S., 10Dr. Yooas opened the subject of the evening—si-pansloB by best—by saying that the liability of departore Europe,wjooAkt inm to break upon the sudden application pied by toe Norfolk-street Baptist Church, but re- "Hie subjotoed report was prepared by Hr. DainaL e( foica from being frosted, is well knows to the cently purchased by toe Cherry- street Hetoodlst E. Dxlxvab, toe City Inspector, to older to be submit- ieheppaia of wood, and to the farmer by his ox chains; Church. The occasion wasbe censured for remisrness or in cases to inefficiencycan tell to toe contrary, has home hisMen, 75Women, 60;BAMDT BOOK, Slay.21, .,Ashorttimesinceheoffered, PublicattentionIsnaturallydirectedtothedepart-and to resist the expansion, a lorcc equal to by advertisement, flCO for a live brook trout weigh- ment over which toe undersigned preEldee as the Brinht'sdis. of Debilitarjafant 8 todsm.of Braln.13tosigli. W -tkeonedegreeofheatwouldbe to equal74'2 pounds,beSomuchenpossanr.ii^g fotu p..>*jncds.4om the amcont of force requlr<;d was so talntog, but he has secured three specimens that sesses full iwwers to carry out all measures needful Ansl^Johnxerted against it; but to resist this«ra*t as to make it practically ImpossiDle, .Totals fimiy race, which might well excite toe envy of any -for the preservation of toe public health. But whilet Inilatn. Langs..aexpin-auMuiihre>>vttro( heat we were also indebted foranimal motion.11 Wft'kW axoapting Tne heat•Bitted tons from the influences of <he sun expand-ofpiscntor, >»eithlDg as they do, over toree pounds each, and beemtog to enjoy toamselves in one oPhls large, tisr.rpaiei.t tankV almost as well as lA toeir native stream. The tluu chance is still open to any one who winand the impression Is equally prevalent toat it pos-lu6 Inflam.Stomach 3 kcn on Sunday afternoon. GsoBos McDoiisld, be- chored (ijarautloe.aaased the winds tu circuU'e over the earth, purifying ttie atmosphere, and bearing for- warftkecumiuaieaefthenations. Thesamelie.ittlons are carried toto honorable body.toe action ofFever, billons 1 Palsy .- * the trajk on toe Jersey City and Hulson City Horse 3 Fever, hectic... 1 Partarltlon, dif- of 1 Interm't. 1 ficult .; 1 Railroad has bien completed, wito the exceptlOTTbe steamerwito loss o! oowspnl.«4tkeata;aidpractice byyourprocecJedexptadklg-lba tralai,us, to float crver Ua eoBltoaat, and to descend agaiaHill, 3 dls. of... 1 employeupon which a lar«e E16n-*shlngschrV><1 turning oar lour mills upon top banks aC 90 Genesee. Mr.sea ant raones, a banded a sea sea rob- proteus, horse,ii s. Esgllgh soles, horned fish, blow fish anPweakfi^h.tion to tbe public health, over not one of wnlch has tols Department any control or the power of actionConieel'nlangi. e i'ever, typhus.. Spine,and it is about,Eiterpii.e-flibicg «-hr"f Bncks.-ort w'to 76 qoin-ia showers, swelllD^ Ike rlnilal*.Apart Irom being considered any portion of the "4 sewone-horsecarshavetcvnp.-u-jured,by vv Alios aid Cotton protesfrom JfobUe for Boston, no _700 atmeipbares, lost lla power of tttnsmittlag elec.tiletty, nis propoeitlon was doubted, uoo« theXnumd that ao vessel could be made strong enough to^istain tke prcBim ; but it was suggested that a FlKKT 10 ini NofcTB SiDI OF SlArKN^ISLAND terests ol our City. >uu>sr of vessels within each otherROGKRS1° wm. l; Borrooghs—ohr. date, lat. Si SI, lou. TC IS.s toe—Asaresultcompleteangler who will bring him in?Have tbe pleasure or announctog ol severaltoeirtowhich has been purchased fur »2o.0OO,FlytogArrow,to sow^tmient plats successively. In order lh»t a succession numner of shares, at $10 each. On her firsi trip to still remains unacted upon.TheyseaaooabieFamltkiiig Departments, and theirAnn and Arrived /ram jSaronaok— GrayOlaiaoa, at•f crops may furnish vegrtrtlegrowth fromui... ..tea. ..3i3...recraase...Etxet DarAamn.H^erp-olAriirril /^1n>»MD^iI'-^ynosnrcatIiverpoal.Arrived fr^m Jfeic-prlegiie—Wtdlater. at Brookhaven ;.Nlio'seanLoabrador,BUMAabtb,Xoc*Daffarto,Epami- nondis Neitkamptan. I-lTorpcbl.wanders In Broadway seem rrsnerali. .«. -!._. .properlate of New-l-oik, has been takesi toto Key 'West, tion of this matter were adopted, not only toe Police, From absolnte disease.....QljdeandAvsa, atQtprpoer.^.1« pHn, and manage •nmbere^ wllb rubbish in one[AaTwltMaeBS.1 . I—KewGasFixture*/or the Bpring*• rtfund. yearEeoreasethisWade,snpettortoanyeveroCsradbefore,M« talldiag.-oesX^wkUeIke oldtoteresltocompel compliancewltoUsprovistons. As regards the evils ai:d Injorles to the public health, one ta comtog —Tbe citizens of toe Norto Shore hara^vekaaed ( whick aie iiuppoeed to result from tbe estabUshmaatThe followtog weeklypains ,aconstantsupply. Andtothecompany of cl'izens,taken a sufficient As it was:CunBDia for GsKTUass, toeir Order and«meh°"tf or tvl^oThe, very seldom begin o^-'„^^ .lano«thantwop;^,,,tonce,an?mTeseexternal causes, he.._ .\1TRB6S— AsW;silsd.aaitnaikjbyarespe:-!tablfvraugw.-msnblade jurt breaking thesitionby reducingthe fare from twelve to three cents. houses Is retelved and carried away—the Police From external eaoses, *o... to enforce the action of theS»-47J374 a-itaRoeaasnd*1»RSaFtakloWbns.,slreet Noe. lai, IVAnd No. 214 B-oadway, uader Mvaeum._Arrivrd fnm, CaJasitea^Msi sr la. at Falmoatoan unlAiured fourandeaaaad Ike cloads to rise absve pounder. The other adaiUons to toe aq taria include cases nf abuse were enumeiated, each liaviog a rela-captureproduceInmyannualreportnolesstoantwentydistinctrbolera morbus 1 rFever, al. 1 Pleniisr 2 about SOO feet onCirt hosts of liver pueip BergenBpwBnas 4fee>toat he wUl have him. Wnere ".to fullprudent garden- landl-street lo New-BrUh'.oa. Sbo is owned oy a The garbage-boxes still contteuo unabated nui-her regular trips fn)m itie foul—Presto,- off Dongerness DnlV'rsoandBufasCho.tcatUverpool.Teasel, the Rraxif. A largeof ladiesCenaeafaltoawayaadwart sack aa to satltfy the moat fasUdloos tssta-Cspt Da Campos presidedgayetr CapCKlfkar, Major Bagley, Mr. Aldermanpott M Moutie, Alaearryiagnulssnces ol favbsiiing, to tbe continued saleHoLLOWAT'a puis ana aaS^aad leliabia nb-compiayDaalaia «)> liberal atnipUMware prooeedtogs higklfhotise'i who are crammed in coafined apart- sorromidtog faih, iahsltag and creatlagaecnied have tor some yearsofassorted from tnls carfeeaOut lor aumlha tbe New- past;York shippers have received complatdn from toeirof swill unhealihyJ~2i*^S*J*'J7""'** o' *• »"toas irregalartttaartoMyIt was at'firat auspected that Patrick Mocklar, toe steward of tbe vessel, was toe tkief, and be was ar-the health of the City, in no of would city Eoropetbeybe allowed to exist There Is no class of odir citizens, except the few personally interested to their continuance, that does not call for toeir abatomint* Themade aadbetvrcea the Mayer Comptraler. Mr, ferlatwith the reattoe af dallydoawsttodattos.Jks picmltesatForkedRiver,MonnoutoCfeaaty, N.J., Ihe officers discovered a large trunk,' filled withing dry giMXis, was dug out of a kind-bank at Staten Island. In each tostauce tbe trade-marks had been left upon tbe property, so that Utile difficulty will beand while toe de-asrwr, pieaaat ebciuutoBcee, wealdmtdaj. May S, at t A. X. HaTamoiJohn Cedarstreet, and William En-PiweeedtofBaftheWest-street;Saded to her calls for heLs and Miss Paipft Is now age upon all transient printed matter, foreign and do- right, were arrested yesterday and taken before Jus- lloaafy toroughout toe whole day, the contents ex- waa held last eventog. A eoamoaleatton wasSia:Hughes,FosT-Omca.Ksw-You,HayM,18(0, Yoa are hereby tostrneted to see that the pMt-ofNo. 157n.eitie, and upon aliletwrs, foreign and domestic, de- tice OtBouix to answer a charge of being disorderlyto Ispcalted jourolBeeorthemall, prepaid Dj postage characters and keeping disorderly houses. This ac-'toe fish sold to customers ontoeirrecognifances, astoeywerenotactuallyen- puUld.Hospital.subject was referred to thehouses. JusticeOassaaareleasedtoenamedtogto the eale of toese ticketa at tbe time of toeir anest. The determtoed maimer to which Mr. Olck-Trustees of the Church owntog the Lorimer. street ArabUgagedAa ordinancetotongh the Summer, say from May to October, and1*. ...Mar u-..Uvernal..officer,TanderhntPtoialt me to ask your attention to the Inclosed toe Newspaper Department, requirtog him to fur- ceedtog against tois class of rogues, has tbrown them tions of toe Btreete, would it once etfectually putpoara- coimtry. The subject was referred to the Alderman VAforiteha Ameriean ..-.Mar *B•.. .Liverpool. .Psrtlaalai«ele ftem this evening's Bxprtu.I have taken every pa'ns In my power to-day to pre-nish toe cas'iler, after toe 21st lost., with a statement are shut In several Instancesof toe Eighteento Ward, wito power. This ia toe AraeoWorth Brltoa...Mar aa. ..Havre ...Mar 5- ..Ltvereeel.Mew-TarK .PwMaad .Wew-Terkwiiich is to be paid quarterly, «aatpafeUeit7 of the unfortunate occurrence te which upon m postage requiredand their attendant nulsances-^nuisances on<:e exlst-ago, made so by removal of bodies from one Bebemlan—-Havre.Urelatee ;naaaexaggerated AwdaitoglTauconeetaverMoiias'ined an order to Mr. Cliuc, the Superintendent of lBS00,the Agent for the Governor of California, is pro- abolismng tbe eait-itands at corilers ant otherthe bodies from that ground to a eemetery to the,lately tlieyhavebut I suppose it will be Impocslble. Nu- hereafter be made to toe cashier, instead of to toe for toe examtoatlon of their complatot£ by the Mag- annual repr<of the amount of newspaper and periodical matterup.succeded to effecting a compromise with toeir vic- tims, who have failed to appear at the time appdiutedsaae eomplatoed of aa a aalsance a few weeks intoota—Jane s.. ....In order that suchoryearly advance. payment maybut now abated in ofInmy.-Llrer^oolpoalble at the hitherto offered for the embetzlement of tke Post-Karaak.. Inflaeaced to venders, other cities,, and particularly to the city of -Paris, streets, asked to be excased from paying taxes DcSete...^aavao« ...May«...New-Tork.Bav.hH.O.officereceiptsbysubordinatesandclerks'intheoffice thusbeenpreventtheadmtoietiMon wheretoeyaieentirelyfree,fromeveryobjectionI aekfouf It you make any notice of It attf TW> vlB pin** "i*^' the, statement to accord ticable, entirely removed. It Is expected thattbe nextof a little whdleaome jtiBtlce to tbe rogues.Coroners' Inqnesfs. A'LADY KUa OTEB AND EILLID..upon toeir bslldtog adjoining the Church osed as aand clesnitoeas and salubrity prevail in toe place of paisonage. Alderman Scaous said the Assessment Ariel..uccleanncss aLd tosalnbrity. As I toere steted, some Committee had once reported against tols exemption,roa CALiroaiLA. ...May « ...Hew-To*.•itoat, maydh.«flk tkla narrative, which In all essential particolars. fc eonect, and which my family will vouch for. Ifllftre Is DO protection lor the drawing rooms and laAaa of OUT City, In the absence of their husbands,l^am each laffiaajy Intiuilan—if the lodiu lo our City, Heenan Association met last erentng for tbe purpose«ka kaya charg* of Iti numerous InstltntioDi for the of completing the arraagemtnta for the toftimonial to«da«aliaa of danghters, are liable to such outrages ai JoB> CHxiHix oi his return from England. Cspt. avenue and Fourteenth' street, by a horse and Ught ihue, I deibe to close my Institution to-mono w. Ttama presided, and repsrted that the subscriptions wagon diiven et a furious rate. The driver cf theIf I Bay judge from the impression wlilch this oa-' hadthus far reached to 'between t7.0OO and $10,000. veldcle stopped for a few moments, not long enough to ascertato tbe result of tbe tojuiies which the un- 0^j2«ace has made upon parents, among the noolest Mr. JaKia lavrae, of toe City Inspector's Office, had fortunate lady had snstained, and then drove off.Cdiucllman Cuipbxli., (6S0 toexpress The answers which he gave to questions asked- by toeon toe score of iinlieaithtoess, an 1 where neatoessaje to be Immed lately curtailed, and, so far as prac-,quartvly returns of the New-York Post o^ce willto- olcate, to some extent, the amount of toe frauds here- tofore practiced. —munraa BAT.Mrs. Caroline G. Mitobkll, a lady 69 years of THB TeBTXHONIAL to TBI BiNICIA BoT. The age, toe wife of Judge Mitchsll, residing at So. 1Common Councils, but thus far wito no dennlto re- toe law, which exempts only places used for patdlssuggea- worship and n9t church pnpertf, Tbe subject was Baadraica Witoto much trepidation, ano half toe time toeir placesend to toe imhealtoy practice.I would again call attention to toe slaughter-houses...Mar .LlTcraoel.. ."ev-Tsik.and wild rumon are afloat, and nailing department, as heretofore. The facilities istrate. Rev. John Turner, of Mlssourl.who was lately to which t.i M slaughter-houses are regulated lu Episcopal Church, comer of York Goldrea nia waat imuas. ....May lS....Hew-Tn'k.of injuries leceivedover on the previous evening at toe comer of Ftfh-copipressionof the braia, to consequence of a frac-J. B. Jahn- Baailago, Slaeabraek,taied skullai d the driver of toough relievingLoUs,for tbe whole PottqPlata, Gelpeke JCentaea fc BiehMt ; Lady Cbap-by beingI must again repeat toat the practice of oar Cityrailroads to admitting as passengers persons la a on the Oieeiipotot route throogh Front instead ofafter toe verdict had been rendered, Mr.resldtog at toe St. Germain Hotel, called upon Coro-railroad cars, and of crammtoa these conveyances priationparposeeSew. Arabalia.groom,dered, paidcases ceitincates for vrork ware Issued several weeksPsimifAa,land. CilUna Havaaa, TrojlUo h Roseau Ltodaer, Asptowall. Panama Ballread Co.;toeMajor, on toe supposition toat toe Board wouldmeet, to Ihe effect toat he returned wltoout approvaltoe resolution authorizing Mr. Charles Cneesborongh tion of toe public healto as regards anyto use the pier or bnlkhead at the terminatioa of toa cific form of disease. So far as toe powers ofBristol, Allen, Philadelphia, Kirkpatilck.rndsc. toThlrd-avenue aa a laadtog place for steamboats, fortois Department are concerned, toere seems to be- notolng to todivlduai who fromtion of toeensuingFourto ofJuly,was laidover, butspectfullymere statement of^toese facts teems to tie a sflfSelentreason for y our action on toe subject to enable this pense of nearly t4,ODO,00v, and-toe whole tax for toe blue boroer. and letters to the centrepotot deslgnatel alreadychooses, givtog anywas held in toe Court-rooms, City Hall, last evening, to bear toe re-the to toe Harlem by CorporationleasedCompany, prop-cer- tificate of the character of disease toat hts toventionNavigation and toat toerefore. It Is not now toebrigT B. Pat'ersoo,of acd for Baltimoretoere was, of course, no action taken on thecates must be received from each witoout the coiber,a' to toe Common side apAKTICIPATIOE—TOHPEIKS-SQUABI TO BI OPBH-City,; baldatarbjcr^ supposed her to be a Nova seotiawaspublicA report to favor of partog Twenty-third-streetfrom 'Third-avenue to Hudson River, wito toe trapblock toe owners of pavement,for in toe edifice formerly occu- QCIBED BT THE AFFEOACHISt} SUmilR.Third Piectoct was near tbe spot, and Immediatelydenied all controt It seeks to avoid no responsibility went to ber assistance, but she got up and walked up Brig J. A H. Crovlev. (of Atdoamlassotae.rl. Driskc, Zua Zlted to toe Board of Aldermen at itswell as valedictory, the church havtog besu opened yesterday. A failiue of a quontm, however, prevent wken the Of dinary strain is applied to them. for the first lime to the uses of Metoodism. The ed toe transaction of bustoess by tols Board, The—A woman named Bae- BAXA Kuai, while totodcated, attempted to comndtkeace in an extreme cold climate wrought IronEpiscopaldedicatoryasregular meetingAttempts at Suicide.act wito greater efficiency, and to toe' more certom sulclde.on Sunday night by jomptogtook for hls^text.Psalmlxl.and2, "When subject is too Importont to be postponed, and we,o/ Sbe was Slxto Precinctwith wtoe and cork to master.Schr. Flitog Arrow, (I Key West)_ Ratriek.than I."The difficultiesand afflictions whichSchr. <Union. rabtree,vance.Newbem, N. C, i ds., wito in anymatterconnected witotbe sanitary con- ThesameeventogayoungwomanonTUlary.street navalstoresloWm.WiUism*.edopted,until$30,000 appropriation for theadjoarnedJapanese Embassy being evidently the sticking pointcalled,with SQg&rBrig o'ebster Keiley. (of BacksportIt is tbus held to a responsibility of the gravest char-it finds ilseif without to realize toe aster, power pub-lic expec.ations and requirements, unless its siigges*ead.19 Inflam.ofwito so oimmltted.City,-HobSIto toe ..ffray, and al-E.mlboad.—The work of laying (,11 Foliock Kip. Tbe Schooner sunk, bat tbe crec wereauthority and direction of toe Com- Museum, — mon Council. Sonie action on toe part of your body1TettDingtsls f ?ahle Wr.ni._ for Bat-wltoout especialConsumption.ConvnTs.tofnt.M Booping Cough.that ihe road » ill go 1st ef June. -,in all of toese cases has been respectfully urged, and a autoorlty solicited to ftiable tols Department to applyDielas OFoa OUMATS oa ssasoic.Joint.ten. May 10, off L'ap»J>lo'i''a. OrivlUe-lark, from Ktw-Ofleanswat May 17. lat 90 10,toe necessary remedies, but tous far sucji autoorlty has been wttoheld,and tois Department remains pow- erless to eiect changes of vital importance to toe to-li.-The abuses to which toe undersigned alludes are so distinctly stated In his annual feport that tt seemsAsphyxiaCaiua'tlesDelirium trem's IjOld AgeB'tb 6 » —..jstated in my Week ending May 21, MM. Ihe she nearly 250 p.ssengers, while previous communication, to nearly all the cities of Week ending May 21, 18S9&Calsa tovite attcntton to their Immense stock ofcfly btoufht'GiciKoa Law's boat, the Ifunckback, carrial only ten Europe the garbage box is unknown,ortwelve. ItissaidthatMr.LavtwillliUItoeoppo- oeiiodseachdayall theimwholesomelefusefrom rramabsolntedisease— bark havirgthe authority endtog May 19, 18M Captibi or A Blavib. The Willxam hooseholder. If a ordinance for toe regula- Week:"':pacL'tt."^t'me tiicUnitedKta'c^seamerK,epTa5,ifwlto 550 on baea captored by but citizens generally, from motives of comfort and rromnegtoes board, having tfyoaSstft,offUwIsleof sejfpreservatton,wouldjotatoenfbrctogit, andtoe owners of tenement houses would find It equally toeirweek BTRIIT-CLEAMINO!TM Sab OaswiM ho remaved toCB'AHkEKItllD A_H.I„>Pines.NkW-JlBEXY TO StaTCI IsLAJIS, KOBTH BBOBI.: ;best r"fCity.\6Meaday next therxoa IlBTAST DzAta—Am Hxrkxssit, a mariied woman, resldtog to Amity -street, at about 2 o'clockIand molasses ro T. Swift A (To.an.Overclptotog, Ac,Untitled Documentandat stated Weekending May U, U«*CaiAP Piioss nimessage.held a fewwito Instmctloas today.ttttf^OQ,—M—OQ %k, 1880. *-dcrameved. itw laOdsatitiD stau thst lalaupei , slilas af XnmostaC tk*alcaalacAkAx-na Matoln 0A« «tinuw» aoib safltaa.IhSlIl!.!: '"•>„•""' bealness aad good order ateTaUI-f?rS5?J^_iLl£!ZJJSS^J!^^!^!" ^ JLII??w?."*'*S?*'"y''f ""f toaants, It la be- lieved toatitwouUreeait, in toe end, to their ewato$«ae,«0O, aaa -wes artereA to be saalto tbe voaaeil far eoBbBaitsn.posed to toe beat of the son, while the stench from toe festering ar.d decaytog matter tous exposed forsale circulate the tbrcughoutj9- Mayor Povxli, calUng attention to the aeeesaity of maktog sonte preparattoa fbr a Y^ow-TheBazoBlaBavariaAdriaticAsglo-Saxoa.... ...Mar > ..Liverpool.. Kdtobanhtog,every cityEurope.,.stole ef tntoxication, and individuals with disease of tcounstaCgoinotursibcuhtaoractotetro,e to mtogleofwith the hiesaalthy and spread disease, subjectSand*.street, and to changa toat of the propose-nW-TOBS....l[OHDAT, Kay ZLwithoutknownlegardlotoe comfort ofis un- Here alone theretois and toeie can be a doubt toat the;abuse, hardlypower to correct It Is to toe hands of your honorable body.tosome tteaa, Mattfe Lyncn, wllmtogton. MeCtecdr.SpoSoni, Salem,the friends of the cause to contrtouto. The business East Thirteenth-street, fell beneato the wheels of als mortality of toe City, and of toe peculiar types of to be exclnsivsly under toe control of auarehltest Charleston, Dolner. Potter k Oo.; T. W. Tbetae. Darts.subject of theThe Kew-York Belting and Picking Company sent promptoess snd celerity, and toe Assoclatloa ad- dumptog'groundthejDok {dace upon regularevening.Sarah Jsae. GaveltE. J. Baynor. Baynor, BalUmoic, McrrlU fcof toe meeting was transacted wlto commendable cart while backing it an to the string piece at toe disease which it isFall Biver, masterKcaport'foot oftoe Elevento Frectoct Statton-house, where Coroner Jaoekab held an toquastCITY GOTEBNHEIVT.THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN*. A B0I.KHIAII TITO.ways aaater csta of toe eliy." The Committee recommead toat Co.; ;Third-streetBagle, Bodgsoa, Marine McMalfthis eome from todlvlduals Department-broogbteducated medicalOfreported durtogpractitioners. sand deaths from scarlet feverabout one toou-toereportedand patsesaers to H. B. Cromwell Jt Co.Sieamship ColniLbia. Berry, Charleston, with mdss.11^^calls far toeirpartment over which 1 preside Is looked to aa the tearaely be granted.timent,suppression,authoriiy to suppress them. It finds Itsel fpoless, and without aotnority lo act or to take the firat step,«' POLICE ^OBMisSIONERB. EXPOETS or -tax samiiabt bquad.«5wSd-..n.iu...Mtsr tal*bataafAtaaiaagoodor-& aftkatua ut. s. a.41*werur /retoat he gave out the the contract for toe Slxto Prcctact S.aiton-boate ao as<butRiver, and tbe ends of justice are often advanced by an aecorato tke Commlt'xe think he " eondnctod the business of Abbott WartoEast recourse, vartont;;agatostreceived fatal tojuries. Tne tiody was removed to stotement of toe causes of death. Unfortaaatoly a toenecesiaryguard,without and toat tootherof toe toter- h Onncab ualaate,There was not alast eventog, at the time for meettng, and, toerefore, from unkrtown practitioners. As there exists to this Department so to prevent any future squaoderiug and passengers to SpuCord. Tilesccn A Coof Aldermenthe Board did not organize. A veto was sent in by Department no power to ascertato the legitimateto draft an ordinance this appototed regulattogtend,and the certificate Is '/alld and conclusive. It -is re-KoisgBtra Thoaoas M. Maycew. Harvey, BermadaSds.,which it has no autoorlty to act, and over which it isds.. vitb to P. 1 Keviua k Son. plasteryour cooperation, and'wlth^ew energy instilled totobeen toe cause of the atteeopt—BELOW—Onebark. WIKD-Snnset E. N. E.tols department,enabling it to act on such emer-Citjrgenciesas theM.;toe cloto-Stabbihq ArrBAT.—a maa named Fateick HIGHLANDS. May'•"'"e'r.^T",,^!^ "i V:by publicCiTT Cocet—Calendar for this day. 63, 64.^Nos.Very respectfully, your obedient servant, DANL. E. DELAVAN, City Inspector,New-Jersey. ScppOBFD Scicidk—The bodyBy Teiegrapii.BALTIMORC. May Jl.— Air. brig A. B Patterson,from Cienluegos; left ba'k Brothers brig 8p^rHlogIE THI WIT AND CODNTT OF NEW-YOEK,in co witn bark Conway, for New-York; off Cienfoegos fi^'ieto tlu•ffictally received, whilectbara.SSi.'ZfSSL.^^ ,«»«;TEJPecte. M%Sila..aad nnder wklati,'celrtd from...MayMar *-• HavreFeverto toe gutters and stieets, where toey soon became Healto Committee. A petition was received from tne PersiaJune S.of Jan. 23, T described toe maimer part of toe ground to another. The Methodist Great Eastera.. ...June 9.. .Liverpool.. -K«w-TerkdefraudedoftSOObyoneoftoesetlcliet has ,andIrv died on tog-place,inknocked down and runreferred to toe Law Committee. The Ctty Railroadaction has been taken on tois subject by previous on toe ground that toe property was not exempt under Baa rises.... * 37 Ban acts IMiMoeasals.... •» |sults. 1haveonlytoreiteratetheviewsandHook.14alions toere made, and urge toem on your coosiaera- Sunday morning, cjnseqoence tion.| flerv. Islaad. 9 at |Company petitioned fbr permission to run their carsPoweia-street route so as to pass through Bridgertoat legitimately comes wlthto our sanitary regula- sfreet toslead of Fulton avenue and street to SteaBsUp North Star. Joaes, AspIaYan, B. B. Allaa.totoe condition to which the late Commlssloo. er of Ripairs and Supplies left toat department, made a lengtoy report, showing that during tbe last four8^pmade for differentyear, and that toe record of toese exfwadlturas caa-for and never doneaiore was paid than tbe work waa worthSIooBS WiDard.title ef Doctois, but of whose claiou to toat title mlstioaer to return toe misstog records of the De- Hyll, Boll, Piovidence. master.Antra*.witn mdse. and pajisengers ui H. B Cromwel A Co- Sieamablp cnesapeake. Crovell, Portiana. wlla mdae.the names of these certifying practtUonen can io report some way to whlcn toscarcely be deciphered. It la certain that a large lor meedDg toe expenses of the Department Steamship Fotorase, Watson, BaitimDre and Berlblk.schr.of and tor Philadelphia, and was to co. wlto tbe T B. P. may suggest Is it not apparent toat if such certifi- port of a Special Committee appototed at a private off Batteras May 19 was in co. vitb J A H.power or autoorlty to ascertato the responsibility ofmeettog, recommend Somedays .ago, plan topreventout ofItself may be kept hidden Irom justice? A convenient drives, provided for the city by toe last Leglslatare. ccnid see letters u K only on her sxe^certificate of toe cause of deato, given by any one The Committeewho assumes toe title ef Doctor, might stifle invastl- Council, asUng toat body to delay all action pilot {rem boat M. B. Grini,ell. Mo. 1furnish bis authority for the act while In the case be-fore us, where matters of life and death are con- oatuies to toe petition. Addresses were made by Kx- Apri—l 1. with 1.2ru toss of coal lo Brooklyn Gas. Lightperson who chooses to represent hlmseif aaa physician may present such certificate as hechooees, Atlantic. Fotuth-avenue and Thlro-sfreet Stan tly. .stairs to her bed, witoont aMstaoce, apparently nar- cany imo effecl, but these acts are limited in num- tog leceived no tojury wtiatover.ds. with tucar atid ccolai.'eswith bait to Thos. Ollraartto.Schr Aslrante do Porto, (For.,) Mano, Oporto S3for such acts as it has legal power and discretion toN„ _Schr easelle, (of Barvlcb,) Sogers. St Barts May U.ker, and undefined, ordinance byand it asks at your hands such early action in the matters referred to, to this snd former communications, as will enable tt tohigherbeset the pato ef toe Christian were pointed out, andthegraceofGodandoftoeLordJesusChristsiowntobe the all-sufficient aid. The necessity of prayer was 3b tkt HonafatU Ote Common Council of the City of and, in conclusion, It^ is hoped toat wlto ference of a physician. Poverty it alleged to have SAILED-Steamship Noito Star, for AsptowaU. pointed out, and its exercise urged as a great strong- Iftv- York:hold in time of trouble. There was a very large con- GlBTLEHiH : The undersigned again feels com-CRT laspxCToa'B DxpAaTuitrT, Nxw-Yoax,Way^l,1869.4dition of the City may bring wlto toem attempted to uke her life by swallowmg a dose of Schr. Danville. Chester, Biebmond 4 ds , wito Soar, consequences of a most serious character ; laudanum. Her life was saved by the timely toter- tobacco, 4c. to C. H. Pierson A Co.\;City. Antoqoest Boys, 121 ; Girls, 125. To- a verdict of supposedraoa absoluti sissabx.nxATnsAlbomlna'a and .Debility, Adult. 6 Inflam. Bowels.. Sd fresh in.E-i weatoercloudy. cApoplexy.".'..... * Dropsy to chest a Infiam.ofThroat 3 lorgtog to New- York, wss subsequently arrested,At Sea.—BoatoH, May SI —The steamerapoplexy Asthma.Womb 1 DroDsy in H— i Insanity 1Pniiadelphia,was in ooll-st.inDysentery Bleeding from Erysipelasa of coil, ir* ni ritiladelDbia for 11 jslon. with cargoBleeding—womb BroDchitls. CancerCongest'n brain 11 Kevc-r, scarlet. .60 Ssnall-pox 10 force of men are now.I HarasmaB,Ad<t 3 Fatty Liver... 1 Marasmas^nTtU.iOL saved..62 Convnl's, adult. 1Fever, yellow.--.sh, Mai '«i'off Eiohmond-brlg. o? Beng^r1 Inflam. bladder. 1 DIoer. of throat I *' BXAiasraoB ixtxbiial a»d oiasaeAosas.ao* sxraao-.of tke City Inspector shows, toat toe City of New-Tork JeEXPIESIS. return from Ihe oflloedip6t lfe.S»Braadwqr,apparilaNlblo's.V rhfliiiiBalfland waitres«s (aeki.'Farclga Parta-St Barts Mayio nbr Esielle, Davis. tor New-chargedbetog Implicated -wltoItlceeliaaewaa.Tbe ship Stephen Cioweil, foj New-Orleans, has an-attempting Koppaa, by tabbing,into[AdTerti-tuitDt.]BaTMOND,Nos. 121, 123 and 12S Fulton streetan addition to Bors' BraiBO Csotuiae,fbaad atoor areat manafaciiulngWatjiia, Paox * Co.reoferercaw siveeaa:eanbeaecnatMcin West ISth-st, third floorto tketo other cases mochOc Maibews. Warren, BUtabcthport B. P. Bock * Cc. : J. MllJer, Carlboiet, Apalaakleola, Oakler * Kaatlac: by proper cer- work to tos quartormen to hu esoploy,- and Josepbtoe Feriis, Fieton. WLltaaa Bros.; J. C. Bens,into apond,;: O.eOhMkar aiHelc AtU OnaslaliatttrTMal gratia p«eaiea to paperrata,toaaaltorBto,te?iMi ^"L 'i.** <'*8»t.Ka. t Baekinia-straet, Buiidlsg block, where ske•pt"k"a "ea~a ob•W"a"Id AfedlaBee to the«ayar, aekaawledga abadleacs aaly Oners reeefvad ArelaaaiaitllaaeU, stoics, aaa art-foremastdumping grounds and manure- heaps, or to repeat that amsng wkom are toe offiea holders, wbesa pay fbr "*"!S*y..^ P" *•*• »»*» Their acttoa l»milk,ano tothe condition of toeCtty,toe present aieatb depends apoa toe irraageamnts mi>d sad keatle oa tbe ooBSlttation. witxoat lato^yato dt«f|ista,atAaai»^^totlp««Mk.^J.Lbvsr Araea avaan....Msf i....HaBbarc......May ». ..Uvsrpoel.. .Mew-Toric ...Mar U. ..Liverpoel.. .Mew-Tsrk..SnthliHaa ...Mar s. Scatb'ptoa-Oew Tcrk. -Mew-Tc-kHen ato-...a is BIABINE INTELLIGENCE::Ca(.e brig Crowlt, from Zaza for New-York, 13 da. oat. Samelat S> 03, loo. 74 at passed a schooner water lofged, a£d oa her beafflccd8,wlji spara all scaodiag; wasof an unknown bta:^n DancinK, from New lork; sH.AcJagoCuba,isds withsugarandmolassesteU.D. ,Csmeron, Picton, ooaltoMcCa'l 4 Frith.S., » ds., withSchr. Spe/.( Br.)..iB. 8 Elr. Uvtagslca.Llvar-. «,, i«»...s k*««;i 21, sunMt--Ni toward boundCou-isioH forCan.hridre. hencewitb iLe ,chr. David L. B-ime.-s, of Vew-York, John-of and from ProvfiMtown for the J. Same nine or ten Newfoundland Barks. May II, lat ••'"• '"9, *?,"„,„.i.e1. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 