^required for tbem is the walk. They should have an niTlpht shoulder, or nearly «), this being more favor-(we trust,) and many othera who are not Repubiicass. ••*•••as the great national charities bybles-it would be aa disgrace to American (nUtsatlaB. It iiiiald•«»«»: i:Is tbe almostFULLER, Pa.,^-a >.-\ Sunday met withevening, an accident, whic ntbeofwith apprahenslon. Themind painfui P?.opteeverywhereonce linked the Statesor of life, let our Qeaaolsre wise eoou|^ grant ltthBt;«a daBASKN AMBWB POFS.«ke OMBvrdmt feMWMB (ha F«r« aad tk* "^ aaoutside that It wear off; tt turns jafar.k*!'the of all<.','Jslhaig-Dnrtsch Committee have been arrested on a <Sai^ of calling together a political assembly wlth-race-boise stands at the head of all horses for speed.Be Is of modern origin. The term thorough-bred, which is applied to him, indicates that he is of purawill seriously contend that either of tbem is abler, more eminent, more deserving thsn tkey who led the forlorn hope against DoeoLAS and bis in 1854.that neither of the two parties who are now seekingSbuthem man, and that Senator Bxowr had declared i!'I;I,st_at„e that thlt letter your knowledge.?'^P*'ii?i,T 7SV\- J. R. DOOLITTLB.,presentwe shaUfeel a doubU assurance that the doinl-SST^moiDCBt that If the one-fmrik to whom we alludemutton. Mntton as the Vice-President," the response would he favor- offeedlinsguiadtontheatNorth, and increased the growing spirit Union, the Constittttioa and the enforcement of the withlKimanbetogs, aadalLseeaad s' hM:endangerThis, and to pro-only"Constitutional Union Party," to pledgedthat I.masses, theythe coarse air Ms naarks, Hr. Melfnua lUndad ta HioxxAa, of Tka -I'mrat ka altsradIa* Hiasir SBBTtHng-aeaa.to the dutyp'Ttfc^ tt^k^iJUar. (Jb« renrplution*distinguished lechtrer UJVom tkt Cturitr md Xitfinrcr, lOrga^ ^ Oc BtmU aerviee of sectional agitation, and that In its progr.-s of theobjeelloos towUck tke ordinary and accus- Ukaa truce"XrUiTp^SSdiMifCrtS Maay'TI^*VS?"**IAtiH o'clock, M.,thirty-two years' experience has between theas *• «glhNfir(M SaiSeHF^^*Oak* cf Bm4«»-€>tk*Uoia Ue Daekr—Bxett«H*u; DoesaljMa bathis alogla oeateatloaM Dulaeh. I!lM* Omr Own aaiT«9«md«mt.1Mr. kvLEa thought It did, aad rceorameadad parinfsffSfliSr^'*^lk» VaUnwItT-OMfltrMMcratla and KepiMcaa—have haea the chief acton In S'W'JSS 'Z^J^^^^f °'AGUCOLA, this Altai asptMi, if not iU aothors. Whether they feetlfo little distnist of these bodtes, might preferSeCoBvIiu^f^Httla State of Baden findi heiselfat I ia the ro»d»t of a violent and significant ^LgDeal (iiatlon, which is not mitigated by thedelay woOU render any attempt to make a nomina-wSt^.^S^Ism sttosspt aay report or S^SSj m.A. was again InaSgorated, Sa Swc^SsL^it. cama praetloaUy dlioraaBlieJL^ CoL i£S?*'!S?Jft bis hsndkerchtef to tteSdrf hi. ^JJ^yP**" «»*Prt,f. B. SlLLi-AN, Jr., opened of raliglotta origin. Since the reac- week of the course, yesterdayTHE NOMINEE OF THETrrwB Of OITT FASTT JOUBBALS.tion of party it is not for us to determine.sufficient to note that the mind of the people scqniesca proposed,been indnstrlonsly exercised by this contest to the tbe tbae will allow. Such aConventfon will avoid soiaewhich the Protestant ^^dUng, and receives nothing,frequent and questionintrusion of the Slavery party politics, has exssperatodIs anilViatag Indeed;long agitatedlljBfcheacefoTth.parttthashttkeitoszanlsedAichMabop a co-government In tbeYou must take one of our men as roarBeeretarlea of thaas Secretaries to tbe raeetlag.PAvasIng. Tkmr were now a matiltaa cf Vudnlsas. aat he trusted they *ould keep order. tCkeera.1TH] ArekMahop appoints, .tha(natalvicar,theextraordinarycert with you ;" our reply la nize the right of one tenth toCol.addressed a few maslis to the Bset-'of tbe INnelaty. (Ordmariat,) tbe President and the'of the Setainarf, Ao., &c. He has tkaOovecasMatof hU choice, and Itbreed, of thewithSolemnly impressed the&e facts,to U only tkat he shall choose no Tlaar or Eitraordlna- ifiMiibar vbo Is pollUcaUy ohaoxlaui to the Gov-> this, themaybemeetinglettersfel (hsahuttea without their previous communl-plaoad ia Iks heads of tkefeUow-citizeBs,bearlagsclaims of SxwAsn to tbe nomination of our as Party,Irahistorianthanacritic,andpreferto nar-dinaryWe believe, not only that the nomination is demonstrable that tbe numbers who occupy this posi-Areklepiscopala simUar result.to the Oorenuaeat—an important and danger- .•^aMBOassiaai when It is ctasldered what a range '•iM isMesB have soaetimes taken and may takeIbaaseofasaniageordivorce,evenwhereonlyone aCikafartieaUa Roman Catholic, the authorityU";result,game left them to play with any chance of their sao- eesa. We have no faiih in their political honesty, andpolitical meeting, bat a Be aB-sgofVitsia-^pdta'liiastnllraalita are aot united in their opinion of this question.were good, and a labor-saving animal. A question w»s here put as to whether bells on sheep had thewe have hereto/ore said, no earthly cojisideration wtllinduce us to such nominee. We should as support justlay all agitation.The President Is working Heaven and Earth withto efforU fur the maintenance of tlie CaBstitutioa " Col. Stabxx's traveling eompaidoai is tiea. Laxb, aOf qemtte papolatlOB in the Black Forest, are in servileof 1B4&-9, there kai OBMeteorology;but as theR^uiliett AimiHutratitn,} ftb. U.It does not become os to speak, or to asaame toRepublhs,Ugh*Spiritual Court" of theIhMk. Ikat this power will be abused is certain; said he, tf a descendent af the Ittad afWILLIAM O. BRO WILLIAM L. TOOLE, Iowa, JOHNWILSON,HI..JERE CLEMENS, Tenn.,Three okeesa•Mkallk thatr heretofore limited opportunity, the" sheep tended by the shepherd of Salisbnrr Plaia.our ownjudgment,goodand principles of the Concordat. Itactics of parties teach them to discourage being incomparably greater than those of any other those whom they cannot enlist. But the Ami isrespectsiiUflli tamadiate effects which this cause has al>the ewes from 120 to 180person.justly his due for past servicesvictoryforJudgeIkktr indaoed.representative principles.andtime, constitute a most liifluentialportionof the wholearrival there,'••aMa>da^y ontraged by this step, which gave the OMhMaCkaich suck a supremacy in a nominallydisclosing because demanded a very of than a nillllon of voters will l>e driven out of thedistricts, delegatesrriiltsatial State;sheep^Thismaystand,saidhe,aathe of representativeof activeparticipationla the election, comingse the majority, and especially the mass ofeffect to keep dogs off? Mr. Allix It thoughtofparty, but Ahnm the extraordinary Incentives of aand this class, in turn, kaaaa wish or thought which contradicts the will of Baae. HeBc«, (rom these country districts the shoutABD llueats of disunion.as be bywhippedinto the nomi-crisis like the must awaken to the resolve of presentpskiaotleoto the priesthood ;of the population ";and the so-called?at a prvtest to the Chambers, and their bre- l la ather sections do not hesitate to express in r ways their disapprobation and distrust at the systeal.there; they eat pork, and don't know but that It ts be inevltabip. The Democracy may rest assured, good. therefore, that if they should succeed in producing0WIn ko place has this sentiment been more strikinglythan onethe difference must be in favor of the South Down.thoughtful cltisen within the broad confines of this UnloB, every trae son of the Republic at home, andbrother i»f'o«r abroad, is filled vrith lineageaaaUiesled than in Freiburg, the seat of the CatholicQuestion—Answer—Yes. Thebestfine-wnoledsheepandtbeeverydismay at the sudden rupture of the national concord,South I saidUalvanity o( Baden—;BxLL and CamiKDiH are life-long personal friends, Mr. AixsM closed by a few remarks on swine. He whom we cherish and love and ive loould sooneri. «., the University whose tlieo- lugical Faculty teaches the tenets of the Romishbesthorres(ofsome kinds) come fromVermont.can it be that tbe powerwhichia able to pour oil uponare placed under the control of the Arch- , who may appoint and dismiss them at pleas- are, but all professors and teachers are to be allowedfolknor£»»ex. Heconsideredthebestporkandthe most economically made was that of Spring pigs,supportfrom the labor ? That this generation of Americanwith the exceptions of Holt aad Fuin, who are pret-Reapectfiilly ToanWM. A. WRIGHT, of Virglaia.Ity openly for DonaiAS.MATTEKS IN VIRGINIA.M. B.dogs,federacy, byPolicyveatlaa. This Is done with the hope of prodncing^„.rt,«rt^^w« 'BV.^V^gSBVJ"^ AaBICIII.TDHB AT TA^^produces fever *a»n«4f<»loesteaae.taBsuotrpliig pUoecStvlrinig to tihtoose oartv party(aaaHeas, "J mora^^ew of theahortaeas accord anoe with thismad Pnt- IHnaasalSBT-Mg.'!*'***welhi^aaceakto Bjlaa naiaauBMfkrd,Ma Bre^h* af Barae»-rarietlaeofa •*"'«*« of candidates. Tne Tba two Bleat bartlas in the eooatiy—the Demo- T*^S 2? ^y?v"','"*2?-,TM**>*' la "heir ha>iltoalkavabMDthecouplet*creaturesofthe r«DortthetwotogPe.ther.Mr.LawiBF.Aitnigaveusa forourselvesand very plalaly the altercations of passionate ohallenge and detanse:nt tat so long, that a demonstration on is evi-talk on " Mutton Sheep." He sakt It was a;enabled us to judge somewhat of theandangry disputants.It is not our purpose to arraign or to denounce eithervote, a<iuestloa.thatnovatoi~iargot pniduca AnjiMT— thlak Dot.ftsj.QiiesKM—Yals Coiisoa, Tue«lay, MR. LEWIS F. ALLENthis, the last mondng, by a iectur.Mr. MoDow..* calll theMr. Aixis here produced a plaster cast of a full, blooded Merino sheep, and prooeeded to point out its;Bftni '." wiiaatnm.]It was Im- possible, he said, ta make a fat aheepof such a shapedsapport "the Union, the Coiutitutlon,-and the enforcement ofdeficiencies of shape for a mntton sheep.was not slans. tCbeers.]Mr. MeMvii«a Chen weat on to l ailasi tlieof several prominent menanlmaLquarters, notii-Hmsspring enoughto theribs,oaieaas, aadbut we know tbem to be cuiming end wise in all that concerns theCommit-C, C. C. LATHKOP, PoiB.,;Ills too narrow in the hindthe laws."This organization was accordingly commenced bySNYDER,Ohio.too thin in thetoo scraggy la the frame, with a lack of capacity for producing abundant flesh on the finest parts—an Indls-the of a "Cestral Executive appointmentJOHN A. N. GILMER,and he ax CoaaaUarisaaxs ssat North to da-in aHe alro showad a cast of a Sonthdown.Peaasylvaaia. Hicchas's name, a voice cried oat,peBsable qualificationfeated the nomination of Wiluak H. by defeatlBgworthless. The " black and tan " terrierhe desires thairepresented in such conference, where her rapresaa-parativelywas a good dog, and never injured sheep: but thesive citizens who have always shunned the turmoil ofViCTOBiA may now and then make a state visit toas a Uoion measure,Virginia may bamight but Mr. Jddd, of the Amencan AgHculturut,the supremacy ofFeb. 21. ISM- ON SHBEP.ba.*doi)IM. Bht, lama -present when emergency,phisstand until the lutg|K yCTo-gowf gjmcg, lPcbnt0bag, jamwfg ««, mo-Can '* any animal f•'. sttprlasiAa^^S^Si wJftlfiS*^" ?»'P«'"'"re-selectiagnw oppoaidon party in tbe Dncby, not eren to give another not downlU the programme, I)AaUoTgn^ed We caa, however, aad always do, soeak the hopes of the future been brought into jeopardy inMr. Waub called nnon tha Uami^Jhm,.. ^theDem- atrklknWn eleigy have often forced a mixed mar- This sheep will "ripen" at two yean of age. It is ocratic Party will have a reasonable hope of success. sociations to which they are allied, either by interestriage^ ta take place in their own Church, and then kply after a solaaan promise on the part of the Protas- Ipsl^thattka etaHdrea should be educated as Catho-E. J.N. WHITLOCK, Y.,>rfaaka(TtoTTBkt It would be unprofitable and unsuccessful tot In the limits of a single letter to discuss theThe fore quarter is as goad as tkehare allalong, advocated openly theof neutrals in warfare. The or- political•omers.ThisbreedIswhite,buthas smutty(aeesrecognlxebinding upon,nevertheless, juncturesrtles to the .took tha sama via* that Mr. CooKX had taken In the Oaivsation ethatThe resolntleas were pot aad earrted amid (laatcheering, and thea a laation was made laat the mm' ing adjourn, and |«oceed ta tke ""r^^fT Hatai;by expected success or inflamed by the zealCoa&ranee, aada oaiaa ar aucat Its headaad have Ityau can put sible for what we or what we or what we Is increased when party attachment is heightened write, say,Committee.squareit ia aa oblong box,the carcass from 7S to 130. Their fleece is more valuable, as compared with theall and more at the;such a demand for coarse wool for making such ar- ticles as blankets, that its price is gsaeraily well up.Mr. AuxB next prodaced a cast of a Cotswoldis reason to believe it would result Intion of ejTrediency, his nomin-itlon Is a political nece*- fact that, as parties are now constituted, little less two-thirds of thethat more thaa elected to the State Coa-wordsbyPana,soteakind,Oorrespondent. Wash»otob, Tuesday, Feb. II, 1960.paybom Mississippi.CoL Patki, ths Chaimaa, sad a hqe rmrtiai af gentlemen proceeded to tike ErrhsBBi, HntaL la abut scantand the greater number of them awt thioaghout the country by a Committee of then as ever will be from six to ten Inches long. for ourselves, and we know that there are hundreds will. It Is believed, be prompt to join their old com-;fta Caafemoe, and the invitations were privately old—and kept he will shear as much ness and Is a virtue. Now one word to their new leadersalaaf tbe matter is already settled ;UtHeornotliiDg. All ihst the Conference could do to Cogs, and advii^ea tbe shooting of them liKllscrlm- ssks is vote its sympathy wltb the speeches delivered, ina*ely by all owners of sheep. He did so andfor Ikeir publication and presentation to the i aaJ Doke and the Cham^rs, take measures lorCarolina University was Intended as a compliment to fiom her efforts for the preservation of the Uatoa. If we add to ail these that mass of quiet, unobtru- atone for this neglect of patronage—just as Queen Regarding a conference among tbe Southern StatesIif he is well— plain speaking;necticut farmers to raise them for tills purpose thanprotests avail to to raise cattle. The lecturer next alluded attemptWiLiiAH H. Sxwaks, this Press and all con- powerbetween tbe forces that have en- contendingmost conservativeAttachedgmsideOfaian oonferences, semi-annually, and for the estab-Bshaacnt of a weekly religious sheet, to advocate the "lions" and "ugers,"and (I suppose) "yallerdogs"oaose. Meanwhile the Catholics them- gAierally be would kill outright. Shepherd dogsthought the plan worked well. A vastamount of dam- age was done by tbem, and they themselves werecom«nected with it, win be found battling for tbecause with as mucb zeal as if the Conventionbad given us the strongest name for our support. ButU on tke contrary, the Kejmbltcan Convention should »ofar forget what w due to their contliituntt, as to placein nummatien/oT the PresuUncy, and proclaim at ewitandard bearer for 1860, Mr. Batis or ony other personKho labored successfully to d^eat us in 1856, and thussecured tke election qfisuza SochanaN, we repeat ivhat tious to assume its directions, and who have reposed expected that the light of his countenance would al- union, Jwhile they affix tne moral weight of Virginia;alarmed about North Carolina,Queitum— An^Kxr—No^aooBtralthe sex of tkeoanaeroos vebciaeoee.Republican PartycbeerUig,Mr. Atlxtt hen reminded Mr. HoMnxn_ Nature has not revealed the secret.foot T roti«»tka«s<fta*aaLat tt»e aheeaUesheaad was not now befmsM-SyT/r^^s^^-ii^^sholUttSlSdrJrthe hoof as a remedy for tha rot.TBB FRESIDENTLAI. QDBSTION.conventions, toAnd as it will be restricted La Ita choiee to the names presented, ir^bM* of stiodg motive OKitement and a good best mutton In the world. The reason ts that they then, as our belief, that at this day mu-tntlu of aU but we regard it as sn indlsputsble fact tkat by their it will under no circumstances oibnd tbe public wish bare there the animals to make tt at. Here It Is Im- the ofpontum to the Democracy In the Free States conflicU they have been mainly instrumental in pro- by selecting csndidates unknown ta or anraspsctad to have good mntton, so long as we persist in are solidly banded together nader the RaiKiblieaB ducing the present lamentable state of public affaire. by the eouitry. havefait of anything Uke independencecapital ,nmmon sayingthat thefarmers made thewishes of those withwhom we act.feelingsWe proclaim,guide to tha most soceptabte aominatlan.Too art aapiainted with the generalpossibleIt would be easy to establish Uils poslttoB by a refer- Whether any other principles thaa these weEngllakof these parties for their past erron or transgressions;aay waseaimti*:) (Stcharacterbetween the Grand raising Inferior breeds of sheep. Our leag, laak, orgaalzation. And yet those aine-tssths are per- ence to events In the recent history of tbe country, enumerated shall t>s enunciated, it will be for tha«f tteOooctndat concluded and Au- scraggy shefp irlll not make good meat, aad the iiectly satlilied that a union of all tha elements of op- with which the public is but too ftmillar; but we Convention to determine. "Platfomu" have been*MW laataad the Pope, during to the Is abstain from all oommeBts upon them, aa so frequently employed as tlia shallow devices of par-^"'• ^"^ **,«i«fc and publiahed officially TlZgUutt,have act been duce such a union they are make anyaddress,theySjynmeIrX. of the breeds that we have imported of late years, with a position Democracy deslxabl* and to pro-pressMsS. pr^aiyin NoDec. 16, 1859. That such a vlsw U> improra our breeds,andasbroagm reasoaable conc«»»10h. We^^dioGigao'todoubt for a tending to revive controversiea which it ia its object distrust by the people. We khow of bo higher aadSiwASD. wouldalso, is the conviction ofthe Democracyduce tuch a is now admitted to be theaf IgBOnat approbalioa is loud and unanimous. But Shropshire Downs, also of tbe Oxfordshire, one of as the conditions upon which only they will discharge strength will be Imparted by the exalted patriotism such discord at Charleston as to prevent a nomina- tatketowaathecaseis different. HeretheITltra- wbicti,attheNew-YorkStateFair,lastFall,weigh- theirdutytoourcommoncountry. Mostcheerfully ofItsprinciplesandobjects. Moreover,ItIsonlyjnstlaHaence Is much weakened by theI greatering 3SU pounds, sold for $U0.Mr. U. S. Ouon asked what kind of sheep werethe best for the Western prairieswould we accord to the parties alluded to tkt Vtce Presi- to the two contending parties to say that we do not tion—causing the Convention to break up oa the plat- dency ; but when they ask the nine-tenths to merge despair of fiiic lag in the ranks of each numerous in- form ; in wliich case Mr. Bi/cbakab has been madethemselves into the one-tenth, we respectfully de- dividuals who, tired of intestioe strife and alarmed believe the Senate Fitch, Slidbll.'wUgMeaed Catholics are alarmed at the prospect Answer—The Merino or the South Down. The cline the propo.sitlon and there are huadreds of at the ;BioLia,aspect ofof a return to the rule of a hierarchy which has Leicester or Cotswold will not do where people thcussnds who would unite with us in defeating any only party which holds out to tiie country a pros-takerocareofstock. TherainsoftheWestwould such For every voter gained by such a pro- bargain.Carolina matriculauoo) might be taken np as a last Can It be possible that, with so glorlons a cause be- resort and voted for.fore us, an appeal to the patriotism of the land, In view of this. Dr. B. has had an agent traveliiigrepresented by the newspaper repeils, aad writes tke following epistle to the Hartford Ossrsar to Lusitst the error :Citt, Hom, Habtpsss, I Fab. I«th, 18M. fEniTOBsa DAav CetraABT—GeiUimmIB your Report of tbe proceedings of the Demeerst Ctmvention yesterday, you me ia a false Posi-I so reeeatly such harm in other German StatesAustria. Tile Catholics of Mannheim kill them- Besides, they care nothing for mutton out cedure we should lose at least five ; and defeat wouldofpect repose.founded on such inducements as the present exigency Question—What is the relative consumption of food distraction in our ranks and tke overthrow of Siw- supplies, can fall upon unheeding ears, or fail totor some months under the aad on the past— dlsgttise. afO^fe u.sKe. ,t.i.m!el'-^''.,g»°T*nthg.ing, may appotnt.IhaiAad }Itr.**?lf}f**^<>as,botha—^—- JOa^dh-sd^IrM^n^i.v^still less iiftheir political principlesactionofthe and when arrive atthe andwiththepreparationof anaddresstothepeoplein favor ofthatIfSxwAisbenottooff aad feet and Let us not be misunderstood. Nobody is respon- or preference, and we know now much thatdifficultyour mind,nominated,any time,persuadepeliticalas-lato the do. We have long since given notice, that never thewill wethree cents a pound more than ordinary mutton, many things, to which it would be for ties to underrate the real strength of those whom du- Improperand it does not cost more than two-thirds as much presses'^fnerently situated, to give utterance. We apprubalion, indifference or disgust force into theprancis granger,Chairman Netlonal Whig Ex. Com.behalf of the Southernagainst the Black KepobUe^as. Hr. AnBLto BUkebetter. They welgh-the rams from ISOta SM pounds:Is tbeT%» FiDtestasts of Baden felt themselves, of merino, thaa ita quality would Indicate. There is that It Is due to ourpositionit.and the loia Is equal to a ssddia of venlsoa or evenaccordingly,From an Occasional ttteirto Gen.setwellardor of opposition.But there are,BHvnat Im expected when tuose laws no longer sary to carry out the prineiyUM wliich we advocate ; sacrifice of prejudice or opinion, to perform tlds dutyus the action of ofop- $900 a bead. Their mutlOB Is worth from one to and therefore, we are accustomed to say and write to their country, tt is the policy ofthe dominant oar-aslatb iraMasaahappenm«7>t< of existing laws, what and legs. They are worth In England from $10 to any parly, except just so far as that action ia neces- when honest hearted citizens will be prepared, at any; man of our(}ea t>aaaViaiki a staad,this, we most sincerely believe, that as a simple ques-the of tha Third partshowiag;m_s.nd. the tiavloBf!g laws .repesi obnoxiaastoftefSaath. tefor Enacvstoa :" and wen tlieywllLWhen Mr. HoHuuia eancladad Itaa wsie iaicalls for Cocas and Atutt. Mr. Ceoti yleldad la Mr. Atlxtt, sad that MBtlsmsa apoka Jtromfftrconclusion that the ilepubllcan Party can only be de-mutton-producing sheep.This, SswASO) and find that deculoB is in accordanca with approach this task with diffidence and anxiety. WeAla.,of a Post-office Special Agent—through the New- Artswer—Any well got up animal consumes less, In out Republican, and not one of those who labored to commanding duty? Now, when every honest and England States, visiting all the Postmasters and at-between a Merino and a South DownT Axs, the candidate to be beaten will be an out-and- rouse the national heart to the great emprise of this pay.-proportion to ts bulk,poorly got up, so thatdefeat us in 1^56.We repeat what we have heretofore said :tempting to ascertain from those entirely reliable andplaoation by ssaertlng that I said Wlskay was one of thepoliti- This agent returned here a few days since, with a very long face and still longerandCharck. By the Concordat, not only the theological iiktd the Berkshire best, bnt did not dislike the Suf- see our party meet with a richly rnented defeat, than every good man's fireside, will withhold its hand caused even longer faces to Dr. 6. and Ms Cabtaet, Proper position.Is Vermont a good sheep State T growinghas a estimate of the both head bigber qualities,and Messrs.Soath, yaa ofcitizens, awakened by tbe clamor that threatens the la- 1C56. These men were then all for Fu-lmoss, well tegrlt y of our Union, and conscious of Its faculty to knowing that it was only a plea whereby to defeat comm and the ending of mad debate, and to redstablish ta teach aotlilng which contradicts the "faith and mo- MR. 8ANF0RD HOWARD ON HORSE BREED- FscHONT and elect BncHASAN. Well, they succeeded. the foundations ofa healthful, just and benignant administration of the duties and benefits of the Con- stitution, will play tbe sluggard hi this momentouskilled at fromseven to ten monthsold.ADDRESSED TO JOHVING.After Mr. Aim came bASroas Hdwaks, Esq., ofThey have perceived their error, and repent of theirTURBULENT SCENES IN THE DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.From tke RicktHotid Wkig, Feb. 29.raleoftbeCatholicChurch," Thisexpressioncoversgrauad eaou^h. There are many scientific discov-arlee af the present age which the Church of Rome tbe Boston CuUivator, on the sybject of horses. The that we shall be delighted to support either of them Igaares or brands as false. There exists a sanctioned horse, said Blr. HowAXn, la a native of the Eastern for the Vice- Presidency ; but when either of them asks tuctkeok la Italy, In which the Coperolcaa system Continent, and is still fonnd wild in portions of Asia. to become our Standard Bearer, and modestly raquliesaf aatiaaoasy la declared to be heretical, and the old In different cotintries we always find breeds with cer- us to fall into their ranks, in the name of the Repub- lican Party we must roKpectfully, but decidedly, de-TlglMa.Prof. Ustssaxa, one of themostdistlngulshed, Arabian,and thesculpturesobtained Mr. LsTAan byChicago from the doubtful States that, if we cannot The country is wrought into a tempest of excite- titled to the floor, proceeded to address the Conven- Charlestown, Va., Is one purportlag to kava tiesa probably elect Siwabd or Cbasx, it will be vain to ment. Two great political armies are contending for tion, In favor of expressing a preference for Wisx. He written by you, of which I send yoa %copy. , nominate Instead attner Barks, or FassiHns!!, or Dat- mastery. Both are InlUrlated with a rage that threat- said there were precedents for such an expression, other papers produced before tha Haipars Ferry la- ' TON, or CAHxaoir, or Ltsrooui. Good men and true are ens feartui extremes. The great mass of law-abiding and in cases of Bivbb, Vak Bcxxit and Bccbanan. He vestigating Committee (of wU6h I am a membeit tbey alt ; but wherein or oa ^vhat ground can we citizens are looking on with amazement and an omin- wished the Democracy to be imited, and not go to this is one. As I knew yooj haadwtil&g, I have aatand heart, of Mr. Batis, tliaa we haveof tbearray ol hotel bills, and his reports at Washington Justice to correct your report, ao as to place me in adtucywho aided in the d^eat of the Republican cause inLETTER BROWN.yefeither them, or any other person/or the Presi- ofthe troubled waters,bring gladness back toana In this we greatly rejoice. And so shi- cere sre we m sayisg we rejoice In their repentance,course;tostranent la null, unless It receives the raUflcatlou gant outline, and showy. In England the Cleveland iAtate, which we greatly doubt ; but he would at least ble relations lo all uatioas. m order that tbe electoral appointments miKht be con-af tkarapresenlauve body. But so much as this the Bay Is the most popular, and they have lately been contest It, and thereby hasten the day ofFrxx KsaaoKS nr KximroxT.—We lavite iintroduced Into Vlrgtola. Onmlbus horses are much thoroughly to Ocveinmcnt will not admit. The Chainbers are not the consecration of the soil of that noble Stalethen we can adjourn."The vote was taken on this motion, and the I'resl- to H.'s communication on the subject af the ptopoaadso oonsutuied asttelr ecMis'ttneiiis on thislauiysentimentquestian many Catholics great strength, are hardy and can travel with a heavy onedent decided that tne ayes had It, but not a third part confiscation of the of the frae propertyto rcpre.^eat the;cognizant pie of Kentucky and thair enolsiea (rom Ote Staia« Waraestor Ralhoad, wUeh left this at Spanish,-•— city 6H Mr. AixBS found the reason forUke them.noiseof two candidates for the Presidency omit- said that Mr. Dodolas would withdraw his point ofKentackydBlhe batter ff-the Vermont-** the passeagers and maUs all sheepdisastrous are alarmed for tha safety of thea Vice-President,) to bovoting proceed._2_J»esaiu1»BgYankee, Ntptuiu Question Ur. OotiU—Howriais.Union. ternity whichprotest against•••_»•••"">foi Answerwhenand ttmmgbout tbe land Irights• afcapassengewhlek>were47passengers,withIt- shaken, and that discord hasof the locomoUvesManyAll are consdouB that the seatiment of fra-fi^teem, one of which candidates, ciUzen of some other State than nominated.Thst these two candidates from each submittedtotheconsiderationofageneralUoo, to be assembled at PnUadelphOitA be by the National ExoouUve Com-r car, inalaw la advance, wassheepMr. AU«»—togsther, Constltntlonrelationship of comnualUes whlcnshould ol sent and m the memories; order,thereforeolsomethe past the stioBgeet mutual regard aad coafideaoe.tka•"«sa 1It has beea too apparentof the Coastitationaltha will haire their nsgobaekto paepla, and theyfliave praetioed It—aauu»d. The sueeaariUly.BssaktaBa. of EseBbers as Its r^rweatatiaB la the two "ThaVh Itnasdettesoflah*4MiiBlMlB^sproceededshouldconven-opaetadtotaUngtke Mr. I. Cocas (Wise Bisa) made a neech, in whichand strict administration of the of requited tn all our large cities. The Norman horse Is Free Labor alone. So throughout the Iwrder line of granted by the Constitution.powers„tbe best breed of this variety I hsve seen They have Slave Stateseight chancefor Maryland and DtUware but he would ;They are well adapted to farm labor. Draft horses present wouU are only kullabie for heavy work, and the only gaitand reverence the Union ofStatea as the vital source of present peace and of the Convention could possiblywe believe he would stand o good tiie numner have been elected by the votes of load from to ten miles an hour. Their height is havetheofTo teach reconciliation, fraternity and forbearance, somebody demanded the previous question.''soogFralettuiU, who had no idea, at the lime of the last shcut 15 hands, and their weight about 1 .200 pounds. an Electoral Ticket in every one of those States, andfuture power which the Union Isof the as the proceeding,reductionto a condiUon ofaleotioa, that such aOOBoeup for ileidtlQu. Yetji«asureo<outsioe («nd inside) opinion Is so stroogttatjlaallprooaallity, the Chambers will refuse tu able for power than the oblique. The leadlag breedsled such men as byquestioneach,JoBH Bell, H. WinrBX Davis, Jobb J. CatrrisDBS,Conveii-Mr. Walibs appealed to the friends of VVisiTo re- tire from the Convention.Tbe disorder now reached its highest pitch, and Ifas the notwithstanding mis, thea In respectable ripportIn the factnight The caiedforInthatStalethanintheWestnominateaay mA niia»ai akd Inski—fa tha e—one heavy baggage and mall car, and byshaU we Improve the faulty t»'>"^.",» which he isbywordhuman aad asaakaaaawpim of ourthat m. -., vi,i.outrage upon Uv aU othermore firmly -"-—"»ofthe be,generallyspeaking,aaallerthanthefe- creptIntotheBy judlcioas eroastngifr. Go«M—What should be tha shap"e^ of a g"ood4rkfoto down. Tne Yawtau drove sheepfcompactat tiie by rata of careful ofbut be;"" ""If *" ^*">'l^»oiyUiek. '^'SS'-SSS?*' ^?** round rib, hraadforward Mr. CmM—Is bracdlBB la-aad-la t and lafuriausrunningState shall be• Use an hour, and hadCordaville staUos, in South- male.to within '*a'y "» Iffttmu became disabledMr, Haxvh said he was itQl vote.iiilq[atty't»MiMk giBd-klreagthatportloB of the machinery,Mraollsung Its own aad tbe ten- bead, iarga nastrO, loag and thinmotives forWhat has produooo these general aad onhappydesignated shall be mittee, which general^ conveottooempoweredhe oeelaied that tkeBotml ferae of any recommends.forever ha tkat aaelk« aUtka-adroeatea of and e Seatk.A A. Oottle, Uvfai^ at, yomif)kdyJamdBnaanMr.Allm Hmallto select from 3ie wholenumber of the noalaattoas Uon was gone. Lat aa, ha scale the vote as it saaiUd,legWsakleJatawMiaadiUktsof Ikneok, ftdl briskstt. luoad ohest, —M«rvlceable. Tlie loins,r»dpaaaok,andhcoadpelvis.ooovlctioDsT .^^ eecape the moat, casualto It a candidate for PresidaBt and Tioe-was ngKierad last aiiht, whatever ItmalyIbe. Letpwenger cars werv«" with this eieeptlon. ttdnk it is :In tke aovementa of iBflaeatlalforce tlie aa or- eoantry Intoof parties foondad oa tke qoestlsB of The flrst intfodoetton of tkls aablaot Into party poU-taatl Incraasadtaexteat i»l bittanaas. aiaiUnf wltk arMr, Kaans, Blkatfaligifcaft I^amiwarth,Mr. Allen—I do aotmanifested a design political teadcrs tashaU eoaslst of slotlOB sad and than let sahsttltta Va anietly tabled,oux best breeden .^2_/ d passenl Mr. SAnaas Howaas was kare called out.rep- of Qie sasieiH^BlArJaaa Weon, the actress,"-- Question—Uthere rsaaaa somesheepareSalnalvzeartr.lonsoakerofhoases Coatmt,That this represeatatioacUksr byMr. weredr that if the absakteas Wafha, saidfS^Sia^rifMr^.mSiitIs I '.'harmed by the ac- aay whyOewa,tabaaoatlad ^ad adkmraraent, he bhd ia- ;; -Dsvu, who received smora liable ts lM{.fo thaaottoraraccetrantay wuek kas eoasaf each State be chaseaAMwcv^Yea:structureofitafoot. TksHsiiaahasattootsokardat lanehottisriaMaaiiAnIt Isawingtke BtataOoBveBtton itself,t«wl^iHM|-ll(baia^,ta mgaay|t^;| ,-fflalplaae«,superiority that they are betterproperty Mr. DonsLAS, (Hiutar man,)—I see that we an theyAaaasbly, prvrldad ~' "-than the using aa over-grown male. The male self has beea rudelyof theto the dlffereooe lathetlcs engenderedyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ofthewi, though;we do not say tkat Bates would carryhave tieen"noise and confusion" wascolored pa^But enough for the day. If the Chicagoaaaeiloh all porUons of the treaty which may be pre- ateihe larne English drali horse (weighing some- tlon shall tee fit to nominate one of our most promi- who themselves to the support of the party, vey any Idea of the Intensitycry of "shaBal" "shame!" framaaalad ta litem.Bntthe step has been taken. The nomtaaltimes 2,400pounds),theSuffolk,and theClydesdale.nent Republicans, we shaU receive this as amhenUc evidence that the Republican Party Is stronger than DsMn—d .s.h.a.l.l. t—o w-.o_r-k_ with a wlUpledge as their and let tbem actuate their private life as wellvailing. It would now be fair and truthful to say that Let the reader aprovisioiw pcopaasd mast, ws should think, sbaekMains OB Ike side of theonce—and he will have a faint conceptian of the dis-more thanfba PlotastSBU of Baden from thestrife is better than stagnation. •kept upand to utes. Mr. Coois, of Wythe, had taken a position onAOODDBBT Oa TH« BOSTOS i, WoEcasTia Rail-them. Afterwards are theypurchase the more easily InducedFXOFLI OF THX UHITKO BTATSS.The aspect of tha country fills the ^ poUtlca] public^^eommummIf sBything is wantedvictory DISCUSSION ON SHEEP-RAISING.Yet the effect wWeB Uhaud msuiprpyovms.e.d^ .I.t., Qg.o-To this movement measures should be thousand packs of bounds in full bay— yelping seana tliat aesw men ka*> beeome so exited mmd/iwtr-Papacy.overbalanced if it awakens had.adopted with as Utile delay as possible, such It shall the name of Eo.""" afford an to the party toM^wtUbswMskadeceltfalpeace has sunk them. BvenclvUMr. Goian, on the relative value ofand Frenofa Merlnoes, quoted Mr. SsBroan, of Ver-other hand.opportunitying Itflnence on the approaching elrcUon,its vote may be effect-cordant uproaran important elemenl la our electfoas, tkat,golBglethargyR. W. R.Batis, our National Councilscandidates whom uponstand tothe speak,and aboutfifty partepositionsnotber, tbey have at length—The maU traUaesB for New-York over the Boston to take hold ofthe and toTO TBIthe whole matter,of In the evening, an animated sheep discussion was to justify thkt confidence Ic Its strength, ir. on tnelmt which was lor several min- isk anijeaUms and tutpicioiu in respect ta S hy aaintoSpanishmembers were ad-from one o' madness snd infatoatioa lamont, (good as authority,)dressing the Chair invariousof therecommending the French variety to pioneer with at the West. Western farm-be iIm„i_n.e- held In each State, which wlU assume the dufy of embodying the whole conservative ^rengthgentlemen, I'll [Yells, laughter, CooxB.j If you will hear,me but twoor orsectional adraatageanalsssers arecries forI can ccBstaatlydavodcaefnat andwnktariefm^mtitim.captivatedwiththeir fine form andexhibiting tbeirnatlon ofthe-Slave Power inwill finally cease aad determine on tke ISA]arrived at the;of this glorious heritage of so many millions of free- graphic account of tbe proceedings, by our regular great obligation. ^«ivai to be the only true one. And when one con- tain pecullaiities, which adapt them to the soil and cline the honor intended to be conferred upon us. In men, with uckimmortalmemjries'clustering around reporter, will be found in another column and no 1 wishand dooffer, hereby'sidsn kow mucb an honest lecturer must say in the climate. The horse was early brought wild Into this other words, we bolt In advance.dapaitmeat of history or law. no less than science, country, and from those thus introduced sprang the rBOM AH ADTOCATK OT HR. BATKS.;yet tfirongk your paperwhich would contradict the "faith and moraU" of the wild horses found on the plains of Mexloo. TheFivm tke TUkiau, Fet. 20.sting over the career l>efore them—the central point infernal pow-wow. We have never seen—not even creant guilty of this forgery. Yonra, Ac.,of so many blessings—the subject of so many pray- at the famous Petersburgh Convention-such dis- A. HYATT SMITH. ers of the enlightened humanity of the whole world. order, such tumult, such wild and frantic uproar. ^ WASHUtaTOS, Feb. 10, 1«0.4th of Marco, AN AMERICAN MANIFESTO.Mr. CooxB— —^— ByImaglniBg that they eaanot lapmM partisaadUturbed with fear of somelet theabOBt to break up in disorder, aad beeome ahsve found, both ta the tatarests of the pre-a. at a Ume thatIntwisay ahakdj liHw^hia itf aeati»sat majority of Oa Btataa of aa* VUsa akd strike dawntoobservaUon Utat, for sooie years past, tken has beentraasmtticdPrwddeat, as the candidatesTbBt tbis geaeral t^oaveatloneach State, rraeatatioobum coeaposedUntitled Documentnobodysources what Dr. Bi;chabab'8 actualOharch, it ftilt be seen how utterly this provision Arabiaa horse is placed at the head of his species, " If it does seem to us—though we hold this view Let ail men reflect upon the incredible folly of our The President resumed the Chair at ?!< o'clock, Eon. a. Ht.* rt ^htth—Dear Sir Among :tbe Intar-strikes at the root of all freedom in the Auditorium. though how lorg he has possessed this leadership is The professors at Freiburg feel this, and har^ pro- unknown. Job's sublime description of the war-horse tested aiost streuuou>ly against such invasion of their could hardly apply to any other than thesubject to the representations of the delegates to ^ Friday night, and Mr. Lucas, of Richmond, being en- cepied letters aaoiessed to Josk Baoaa in tke jail at — quarrel.having declined a fluttering call to GotUngea last from tbe ruins of Nlueveh reveal the fact that theyear, Has Just reconsidered and accepted it, without horses of that day vailed little from the present rationally hope to obtain for either of them any con- ous apprehension of mischief. And yet there Is no Charleston with two candidates. CApplsuse.] hesitated to proaonnce It a forgary, aad I bow aaadooosolUag the Grand Duke, simply because he will Arabian steed. They stand unrivaled for carrying siderable support which will not be accorded to danger Impendrng over the Republic which human Mr, CoixnK then proceeded to vindicate himself you a copy, and lequest yea to answer at yoar sar>not stay under the Concordat. distances. It is doubtful If any of Cbasb or SbwasdT All of these are simply and passions have not created, and which human wisdom from the susp'u'ion of unsoundivess on the qaestloH of liest coaveaienca, so that I ai^ at oace, npoa yeargreat weights longOa the other hand, the Government and the Uitra- tbe best type of these horses until quite recentlyMoataolsis remain firm. Prof. lUoBSia and the Bel- have found their way to this country. The Englishthoroughly Republicans, who fought with us the good may not prevent. Southerafight ori856, and t>ear the scars of that well-fought We have pointed out the ciiief source of the prea- petition, wtiich was presented in the Uidted Statesand glorious, though unsuccessful stmgxie. No one eat agitation, and think we have sufficiently shown Senate, by Mr. Baowa, of Mississippi, an uitta iown authority, (at I hava bo doubt stich is the fa«t,ieonaent of the authorities. in They assert,laquityOn what plausible ground could we hope to securemanagementof affairs. pablicJahisvilix Cirr. Nov. ii, 1859.r am personally unknown to you, but 1 write to tell you to keep wp good courage, doa'tdesnair of deliverance.Five hundred good men and tme are aow leavlagfjittke#iisaps, that the Ck>nfereace was purely a Churchhe being derived from a mixture of the Egyptian, Syrian, 'Turkish, Arabiaa andGrecianbreeds. Tberoadsterrequiresadiffer-only organizeDsAB Captai!*-blood, but this Is not trueTbakatU ware aad the T« Deum in the ent conformation from tlie racer. Toe latter re- safely nominate Sswasb or Cbasb, we hold, with due To remove the sabject of Slavery from the arena Mr. W. H. CooxB, of Wythe, then took the. stand.at the formation of the Concordat.while essentially aAe has not kitkerto been identified wilh our party, and IsU obly remauia to notice thebers, The Cvaeoidat containing several provisions tern:the airgesllcuialions,inpositionof the Cham-; but thla outlhie wouhi ill become the roadster. Tbe racer should have a long back; the roadster a short one. The racer requlrea a long pas-from tne hands;theyleave inthewlileh eoBtravened the present Constitution, It must roadster requires the oblique shoulders, wtille ma- ran leaders. * * * *our •.Aa Chaabeis. ladewl, their Committee, appointedta saaiMar tlie subject, have that the uj*o<« reportedgeneralfusion ol tongues have been productiveof a more chaotic scene.|;.sant misrepresentation has excited againstvete-;for tbem the votes denied lu tn 1856 1"If, then, our Convention shall decide that It cannotawhose cardinal principles shallraag sungBsMelfcug Catholic Churches, in token of rejoicing quires to be nearly of the model of the hare Batss, of Miasouri. Mr. Batbs is commended to our trol of the States in which It exists, and to the un- clamoring lor L'ocolas," who rose speak,judgment, because,Republican, which inces-biassed action of the JuillcMiy.To remove all obstacles Imm the due and faithfulfor the rendition ofJucgees w as beatlnnot exposed to the unjust prejudicesexecuthio of the provisions tive slaves.fugi- bly speaking, reporters'roadster a short one. So agala theha tataalilcd, in these points at least, to the vote of ny of our bet>t racers have upright ones. 'The best The gallant Emanclpatlonista of Missoari, who try by such protection to every useful pursuit and In- who spoke in the most vehement manner. Toe con-Illustration of the roadster we have in New-JSnglandIs the Morgan horse. The coach horse belongs to astill aifferent class. They should have fine hair, ele- Batss' nommallon. They say that he can carry their To maintain peace, as far as possible, and honors* jVir. Paxtoit moved to pass by the pending busisess,have borne the Free-Soil flag aloft In the darkest terest as Is compatible with days, are unanimous and earnest In urging Mr. equitable to all.thewelfare andat the tower of Babel could noteven.^ Mghsa a—Usuileas aslds, what ooold do maca tha* tha OHnkiBaiioB af Iks contemplatad aadI1;Ifreecesover.and minutes,thay'Bia taSlaraty km rjever to be preserved,perennial'opfbe public Ba cast atsiodnestldoei ieraom <6r wider and aadconveattspitediahave slwm axarted thamselvee toaUay the excite-ment to WUch n on the have gave rise, or, coatrary,tmtk of them occasionallv employed It for tbe promo-soaWDtk* made af noBtnaltoB, if s better could noww keeJtloo for the coming election useless, we are persuaded REPUBLICAN PARTY. It is purposes, has they will In the plan as the bestWe will notthe ofthe fathen of the teachingstomed compositioB of eonveatlons is exposed,ot"flag.ol hevnuimilytaughedat.theof history, the landmarks ol coiutltutlonal pcw<< have beea renounced, our old and revered tradltlo'It the ridldateifromannmber of emlneat cltixens, pre-ilibeecBlnadtotha single dotyLiberal party. The seAe my report of this untU that U gtvea, aad thea qieak, for the Repohllcaa Party of the United States. of policy spurned, and the welfare of the present and ttied by the several States as worthy of tbe flrat out of the CflBvaatlaJ"^t~aTcStiBwSS.'*JIgurpofely icosiistent withhavecometo beviewedwiththe limits ofthisto allay. We will simply state that tbe one, by itsty deception,that~P5^ should be con- say Republican Party convention, into sectional more to tme than the —at a time when the Pope's authority Is wool to the (joded permita;S»aB»slbeVralalaPrmce yieldshere with reference to their mntton-oiaking qualities,somucbasibelrwooi-prodncinfpowetsi Thsymay liould tothe Inmake good wool, but they secrete too much oil la their " Be generous—act with magnammitv, and givenobler aim than the restoratiODef peace aad harmony to a divided and dbtraeted country, and no platform^ei^S^^^S^"^ofiriukea to ita base, and against the wishes not Is bae of the most valuable of meats it ooBtains the ablethe South, while the other baa been prompt to avail iUelf of these opportunities for AnU-Slavery agitation.that has the resulU of which be yet occurred, mayUws."Fellow-citizens, the task that kas been aUottad tomaking«alr ot all Proieetaiits, but all enlightened CallwUcs, greatest amount of muscie-prodaciag material of anyandasyetJb*^<sr1^wanting oftbemeats,andis therefore usedRepooilcanAfter so havingcountrymay§„!?:J«i»""^*~5?~*to l«tS^iii!2?"JS'l?«««*?i.*»*?^l»by prise-fighten and acrobats tn their training. There is so little good mutton produced in this country, that not more t, (to wUoh I Aall allude presently again,) than one-third of all that is produced is used oa good;imr," said a speaker at the DorUchI OUT State glTS op to future apart of the tables. We hsve, however, a few good Hooks of mut- when the ont-teiith of the Opposition, ssy to us, astbe path, deter- approaching struggle maythenllsr- »oo«lved w8kaad; it prepares for theton-sheep—some hn Penasylvaala, la New-York, latheydo,Conventton were r•a<qio>a«s>t«a«d t"o< a««aNew-Jersey, and a few in other States. There mem'wra. middie-wooled. In Scotland and Wales there ia a—Never. Muchas dictate to the nine-and such we believeunanimous feeling of the people who compose theby partiesd.date for the office of Chief Magistrate ofthe Union,WILLIAM C.WASHINGTON HUNT, N. T.,onlya but this breed will aot thrive la thelUpublican Party. We believegeneral, that the nomination by the Chicago Conven- tion of any man for the Presidency who acted against usls 16M, wouUl Inevitably insure the defeat of theand we believe, too, that the nomination of any other person than WiIuam H.fromdifferentoftheton in tbe world United States.:which mountains,oa therebyteatbsMr. McHoiLsa addressed ttaasaihM Inthe leaolotlDos He Indonad Ifea anameate of Cooxr, and he indorsed him la srhhihaasid about tta LegUlatuie being far beUnd the Ia tilsfeedsthe aromatic;favvr wt Mr.smallshrubshigh flavor, and consequently pioduclng the best mut-goodand that Mr. Batss, Mr. Bsil, Mr. Csmsnisv,organization of;the There are no iMtterBtenthanthey in the whole United States— and in- dividually, we should rejoice in the nomination of oneof them for Vice-President, and believe that theWe have oat a pointedgainingthis is so feelinggentlemenpartsALEXANDER R,JOHN A. ROCKWELL, Coaa.,JOHN WHBBLBP.i yt,3. MORRISONLEWIS HAJlRNi.S, M*.,CONDICT, J., CHARLES M. CONRAD, La.,MARSHALL P. WILDER, Mass., JOSHUA HILL, Ga.,JOSEPH N.JOHN DUNHAM, Conn..;or any man ef that class, could t>e placed uponHcket for Vice-President.none for whom ice entertain greater respect"^*"«'*««•be cernlng ike Caafctenca.^S: ^Republican PartyapproveAaan of arestorstionof buiication the character of this struggle, cessation ol strife, butnottowould of the act But disastrous to the country.which, howevermine, may lead to victory, but not peaceto a briefharmoay. CoL Patss was thea called to the"nominee for the Presidency or we will not act in son-of lis objects and possible consequenos, we need only point to the significant fact that a ConventiaB has been called one of these to select a oan-WABBrvOTOB, Feb. 21, ISM).JOHN J. CRITTENDEN, Ky., Cbairasa.Chair,ttearetwo kinds of mutton-sheep, the iong-wooled and the we desire Union, we cannot and will not recog- from which, by the necessary logic of its sonstmction,RIVES,Vs., WILLIAM A. GRAHAM, N.onnecessary"thefor a sectional atrug^e, farexceedisg in violence aay whether yon will pnnue that or continue In onethe reciprocal assaults, these parties are nowtheir preparingorga^aedfifteen States of that Union are excluded.a number of coimtry, among whom were members of the present Congress and ofCongresses of former date, recently assembled in the City of Washington to deliberate on measures foravIetrtwiansg tdhaenguernsntlomwohuiscohi>tlhneloyn mofaythlead.HENRY M.JOHN P. KENNEDY, Md.,that Immediate steps should be taken to orgsmze stee," onarged with the general direction of the party,R.W.THOMPSON,Ind.,of the United States.We need not assure you.N. W. SHBLLBT. GEORGE BRIGGS, N. Y.,that we there exists no longer a doubt in are awaie of the difficulty which attends the endeavor,"gtvaa'wlth a teartrmentoabandoncountrybyofFeeb) tiM Oovemmantfind ia the cbncontng optmica of several State Con- venUons In favor of one or more tadivldaals, a usefulThe first substantialbut we insist that he tion at times, especially present la the South has been achieved. Returns have beea lew minutes after thalracceptable every patriotC, HENRYY.CRANSTON.R.L.and it will, most probably,ws wont ba *"? I" "<••»»# •* pat dovB.*Mr. OesMa then presaatad a mHt a/ <a.JACOB BROOME,Chairman National American Ex.DEMOCRATIC INTRIGUES. OOCOLAS T8. BOCHAKAV A CO.ISa allndhig Lagislstore.DotroLASAnd m addition to people. If the Investigation could be made, there received in New-Orleans from the First, Second and appeared Hall, and, haviag irtilrsssad laparty,tkerefore,in the of welconeji/y, by large majorityour party, and because, to abandon or tiirow him sphereoverboard in obedience to Pro-Slavenf dictation and "rbe old Whig strength of the country will be foundwhich ia to meet on the 5thvor of Stxpbxx a. Docolas, and will electState In a brief His remarks test with speech.are in fa- delegates tke gathering of Catholics which stance the Leicester, tke Teeswster, the Romaey threats sf disunion, would so disgust our friends, that to furnish no small contribution to this mass. Even to the CkarlestoB CoaveatlOB Instructed to vote foranddeterminedto holdaConven-^igp^tonoBSldeftheirposltloB,whichassemblywas theIong-wooledvarieties,othersofwhichareforin-vention,March,a>- thusiastlc approbatioa. The CommlstiOBar tkaa n-klHfaroAatta Har«h and Lincoln. These are much larger than the Democratic candidate would be certain of an elec- those of that association who have been induced to him.tlred.ARRIVAL OF THE MISSISSIPPI COMKIS-SIONER AT RieHHOfTD.The Richmond papers of Hoaday aaaoaaee tha tr- rlval of Col, Stasxs, the CemmlsMansr appatntad kykail takaa piaoe in Fralborg. Durlach, a small town the South Downs, and their fleece Is also longer and tion.kfeaBtjAiea miles from Culsruhe, was cbosea for heavier. The fleece of a Cotswold lamb one year This is plain languagetake sides In recent elections with one or tha other ofThe result Instantial Douglas gain—the Douglas men stepping laof Hmma andtheand among friends, fraitk- opponent divisions, acknowleiigefealtybetween theThere is a great difference in the method of layti^ of thousands In our ranks who feel, and think, and rades in rallying to a conservative field to fight a new instructions in favor of either of these, and passing a tbe Legislature of Mississippi to raqnest a cMMh. in Baidaibcrg, eminent Protestants, both lay on of fat In these two breeds. The mutton of the will act In like maimer. While we believe that jus- battle for the cause of the Constitution and the res- resolution that Virginia will support the nominee of with the Govenunent of Virginia. Tlie LegislataiaasHl elergy. And on the 28th of November, before South Down is what the butchers call "marbled"tice, principle, and expediency, all demand the nomln- toration of lost harmony. Large numbers of the old the Charleston Convention, irrespective of men or will give the Coltmei a formal raoeptlan. Tkete Cencoidat had tteea officially pablished,abaut 400, fi(B all districts of the Ducby, came together at thewhereas in that of the Cotswold the ^t Is put on out- side of the muscle, and Is like tallow. In fact It is nothing but tallow. The ewes are very prolific, a flockatlOB of William H. bswAxn;and that to throw himDemocratic Party, who withdrew from the line ofmarch when tbey aiscovered it leading towards In- past political issues.^uirtr enlarges opoa the aatecedenta ot Mi, SrAaaa,IpilBled place. The speeches, (among which the of 100 generally producing as many as 120 lambs Infaat sad most masterly was that of Dr. HiiTSSBt, they mature early and are quiet in tbe pasture. They afAa Heidelberg University,) were characterized by are not so hardy as the South Downs, and will not bearandan agent through that State—his orders being to seeus in 1856, should be nominated instead of tive in the endeavor to establish an Intermediate No wonder that the old North State feels inlignant Know-NothlDg organization. He ts a Unioa man ofoverboard is to insure the of the triumphDemocracy,andhave sent out eliciied in private conversationwe have no hesitation in saying that we snail laaorfor tlie election of other of eairestly any Republicanternal strife, anil the assault of the traditional policywhich that achieved its formerby party triumphs,The President and Senator Sunxix are serion<ypreseiitstbefollowing expreaaioa :of hisviews," He was an early and consistent admber and davst- ed iollowet of Hbsbt Clat, and since the dislategra- a ftroaeas, and yet moderation, calculated to ensure neglect like them. The South Downs are the best for Bakes, IIali, FsaBiNDXH, CsuiROic, Wads, Lihcol!(, In the American Parly, to which the breaking up of the various editors and postmasters for the purpose of tion ofthe old Whig party, has acted wi>h the Asasj^ sMaatiaa aad respect from any impartial mind. But New-York market, and it would be better for Con- Tbcubcll, or any Republican who acted with old organizations gave birth, and which has been ac- having a new w-ar commenced upon Judge DoudLAS, ican party, Uioagh he never became a mem'ier of ilwwould, we have no doubt, supply a powerful rein- nominated. That is to say. if Fumont, Caiss forcement to the friends ofthe Union.16S«,as we should for the election of Siwaid ifgrossed the field, will be found a very large element of conservative strength to increase the volume of the proix>sed organization.at being refused het share of patronage.Virginiais also confessed to be a sub-partisansWus, defeatinglife, content to leave the destines of thecountry in the hands of those who, in the ordinarycondition of tbe national progress, were most ambi- countries are beginning to get discontented. It was State In suppressing any attempt to precipitate dis-politicalsuch faith in the patriotism of their fellow men as tofeel no concern In the qutstlonIreland or Wales when the poor people of thosetatives can be more efficient than those of any otksThaveanswered that, so lar as bis experience went, theywere of no use. He lost thirty sheep one morning by natleu of a gentleman who opposed us in 1656. in order an effort to protect the threatened safety ofthe Con- JxprBBSON Davis, having for object to establish a Ter- and now a Mississippi leglstator.;close to his house, and with bells oiu Mr. to secure the votes of the handful of selfish and discon- Aixxi*. resuming, spoke of the new variety of the tented spirits who demand such a sacrifice of principle,VicksburgA VIRGINIAN SETS HIMSELF RIGHT ON THE RECORD.Mr.Wsiobt,theagentofthe RiehmosdEsfsaiw' who visited the Coaneetlcut I>eaM>eratic State Caa- vention and received aumberlesa tokaaa of laapeetwililngly t>e frlghteued Into the abandonment of Ssw-lawyer, a member of formerlySenators to get them to support the resolutions of we have elements sufficient, their com- ritorial in advance for the Charleston Con-Coagree*:)bination, to form a great to which additional party,threateningaffairs,shame oflooking en upon the demoralization of this fabric of confederated States? That this generation will provehour,everlssungpassively:Tuesday eveaiagand incur theIreceived from Senator DoounLi a latter and laela-an ImpartialTo respect the rights_,and the surest guarantee and happiness."scale vote" was called earspmting. A "andprosperity,for,si-ngs Ito the •of " Pellon be taken to the heart of those the simile pilingOssa" served to con-as a fountain ofpeople. Let these principlesexecuted,dSaaraaa to Kealuoky—public duty.„ I exert a cootrol-Ossa dwindled to a wart. all Imagine at the seaslfaiutiea and the moral sense af mankiad. U. ,.. promote as wlselectively concentrated.HalLstand here tillpotat af maiataia thsirTothisendweproposethstaconvention diately,BOTELER, Vs.,WNLOW, Teaa.,path by t>e rescuedOS Is performed.which,inour oplnian,from ita perilous position. It Is for yon to determine ^^» «>eettBg. consklanka resoUaaJs:l^mcSSli,'*TM'°'^by cliqae.will unite with tlte Gwm and Company, that he (Dr. BctBASAH, of North from the magnates of the paity, thtatka himself mia.potentialcal capital amounta to.A FORGEDThe following correspondence appears la Um Ja vllle (Wis.) Gazette :Esrms Jabbbvilli GabittiAfter a session of three whole days and nearly sure of which yon herewith have eoi^es. For tha itself so false to all generations to come as to per- three whole nightf, the grand Democratic Conven- act of true kindness in forwarding KB this paper, I mit, when it has the power to forbid, the destruction tion adjourned at a late hour on Saturday night. A cannot fail to express to tlte Senator my aaase aftothe path of their history—with such grand hopes hov-, account, however graphic, can do justice to such an offer a reward of $100 for tke detection of the aalato obtainIntrusted with theThe Is to be:In his seat, after pr«Kntlng the petiUon, that he not go as far as the petitioner.partyReview, South.of the Government can bewould Mr. Colubb also re- ferred to an article In the January number of De Bout's as a further evicence of his fidelity to thethe controlway to rescne the country from their handssubmission, that the man for the hour is Esvabo of aad leave It to theparty politics, Independent " to whilesafelyIt mosteffecUve. settleof these conveoUons shall make a nom- The tornado of having subsided, Mr. Coonofeachln suchlormas shaU make That eachinationat least.Inteetion of fflavery or the graalar aaearity af etktrselected those mort eminent and approved In pub Ic es-order andright".He said he had litSly written aw—u n_ever si_gaedCom.body.by family The visit ofthe President last Summerto the North admirer ol our old Commonwealth, and hopea mockcon- Great disorder ensued, members of the Convention for Charleston from this State, bound to rtscms youTo cultivate anil expand the resources ot the coun- the Chair, anci so did Mr. Wbavbb, of Greensville,A- HYATT SMITH.reproachleave to withdraw my point of senteec be allowed to rota.ask and that the ab^': choleewithorwlooatoareoaseat. Le_tboth reso-eeatsM- Mlsaaail Kltcr, Pah,tLsMtustsofapplaose,uponof the dincall forth apreviously pre- the lips ef all tke world. Tke ban statemeat af the^aait of tbe country tbey had no Joaa Itiaoa Bona. [?rtttingakU then thew was agn «|->< n-Vrih fat whiek was tttft^bi to fiaa the gallaitsaof tne waaspeakiagwill Hospttalltyraoblect thst Mr.InstitutionsMartinthst was one of our InxtitutieBS, yoa will do me thaor anthoriaad byyou,and that It is whoUy without your saacttoas*of the hound-like WissSiwcLAiA, standmg upon oae of the rear bench- small squads to avoid any suspidoa, hot will be oawith the Ohio thoosaad. We will be but If so, his voice was inaudible at the enough for them I think. Keep np yonr spirits, aadaadtable. Mr. Docolas proceeded to address rely on your friends. Yours, in the good cause.withproaa- handume,A KENTUCKY REBUKE FOR KENTUCKY INTOLERANCE.The following sensible paragraph appears ia ths To guard and enforce the supremacy ofthe laws by firmed and an Executive Committee appointed, "and editorial columns of the Louisville JoesmaX ;w Biarery.' Wa earnestly hope that the propoiiUoB of aoaie of those ultra oMk in our Legislature arill not ba auHadoau If tha policy suggested by thaa ^anld ka adopted aadnaople.txAan, ns^6aaariSBis* Tkls atlaa was eawiad, aad tkibeproceeded to state his aiiaslon aad tlia views of l_Mr.and was received in a most enthnslasMe ssaaaet .thestripe.connection to the State of Virginia, be is aa ardentI www.fultonhistory.com^i^^hte Mfefiafiii 