 i-andclaimseverythingfortheStateasthefirst creditor to be paid. Many of tne creditors also ex- cepttothismodeofdistribution, sothat litigation has fairly set in. T h e stockholders have long since abandoned alltheir interest ofthe$~2,000,000, and arenoways affected bythe questionofwho new gets the assets.Igothomefirs<;I'mgoingbackto-morrow.The RemainingonDecember31,1859.....••15.greater than that o f t h e nine ordinary bucket endeavor to grasp an ur-due share of Western trade ? his county, and from th e county to Alex., in an un-very bmited income of this year made it hazardous to our City Prison this month, and a pleasant; re flection otuer importants intereststo encroash at all upon funds it is.collected and set apart exclusively for the aia and eup1n•L Icostly, even to gain control of Western trade? RIVALRY OF OTHER CITIES.But even that would not place the whole prize in amounting to some $50,000 each, are discovered to her bunds. The geographical positions of other cities, fee void. Our law declares that no legacy shall be giv- with reference to dilierent portions of the West, entitle *>Aforreligious,charitable,orliteraryobjectsbyanythemtoashareofitstrade,andnotevenoarenlarged will naade within thirty days of the testator's death. Canal can permanenly or profitably divert that por-if uncorrected by some more discriminating statement, ferent times during the present year, by the C">mmis- pioncrsof Emigration 'for the support of tho Marine is calculated not only to misstate ficts, but to do Mr. Hospital, appears to this Hoard to be a just claim inHarrisgreatinjustice. It will be seen from the follow- favor of the.Commutation Fund raised from emigranting extracts Irom a card by Mr. William Howitt of aliens, and for their uses. The sale of the very valu-London,thatthewriter,inTheAdvertisernewspaper, ablelandslatelyoccupiedbytheMarineHospital,asTHE LATE DANIEL FANSHAW.—Mr. Danjel Fau-ehaw, the well-known printer and bookseller, died onMonday evening at his residence on.tho Third avenue,at the age of 72 years. At the time of bis death he of the ship Dreadnought, now cleared at this port for was probably the oldest employing printer in the city, Liverpool, reports that at 9:10, yesterday morniog, h e• 1I1. . ALLEGED RUIN OF NEW-YORK TRADE.the presence of an admiring"and applauding audience. We don't know which got the worst of it, the rat or the man, but we do know that the batter still Burvrve*.Theie rat-pits are generally a circular place made of board?, about 2{ feet high, lined with tin. Iutotoial place are turned"a number of living rats, and a small » dog,attheword " Go" is letloose upontbem. TheOctober, 1855, the Ward's Island establishment has guished personages. ^An oration w as delivered by1ii•^3f "$..v•opposing a measure so salutary and just.The practical operation of the Pro-Rata principlewould not prove injurious, either to New-York City or to the railroad interest. The friends of the measure claim that its ultimate effect would be beneficial, not only to the agricultural, manufacturing, and mechanicalwith the omission of oames.of persons and places. IT.is from a gentleman who is entitled to the fullest confidence:N— II—, Indiana. March 19. 1855. DKAR SIR: Yours of the 2d iast., in repaid to Alex. F. came to b>»nd. There is something veiy mysterious about thisarl'airof said Alex 'a being her*-, find at tho Insane. Hospital, both at ore and the son e lime. 1 have delayed aiusweTinj; o n account of taking time to iuve»t*gato the mystery. These are the facts,M M^mfEjgSR^SVRBBnoa £mT***v":. •::., wjmJJ&u&J&fatiqwiAart?«^*"^ff*WKyii^r.%(r ^ n n n)>-•>.r-•whom, Woodward, indignantly left the bench. I twas on argument to show cause w h y the Commis-swaersof that county should not be attached forcontemptTM refusing to raise the tax to pay inter-est on.$300,000 of the bonds, as previously ordered rapid growth of New-York City, and its present com-The whole cost of buildings a n d improvements o nWard's Island is about $200,000. Since the 1st of Dr. Vinton, the Hon. John M. Botts, and other distin- chase. OneAfter anoth-r the rats are craunched by the'*Alex, was in P County on or about the 27th Feb- ADiliisbeforetheLegislaturetoremovetheRAILHOABWAYFREIGHTBETTERTHANTHROUGH ruary,andtheslighlyunconnected,butcorroboratingTheaveragenumberofpatientsintheHospitalthrough-•.>of the Park, the storm in their rear certainlv accelera- ted their quick-step till it seemed like an ignominious flight from the conquering foe. The retreat was, at any rate, made in good order, and credit is due the variousregiments in question for the esprit du corps, which•6NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE,THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, i860.JTOOJf%S* SEASOW AGAINST BUSINESS—THE NEWThere is a general stamnede of tfce politicians for Harrisburg to-day, to take part in the People'sdnstry and capital of our own people have suffered soseverely during the last six years were no "restric-myself and i*. In.yonr -ve^ry fair iwnarku on tb/> article o f a cotemporary, o n M r . Hexris'n sermon o n Suwday morning •week. y6u doubt my being HO enthusiastic, in my eetimatloa o fPenaes, $190,875 78; overdraft Jan. 1,1860, $11,653 16. . During th e present fiscal year, in January I860, a further payment was made to the counties of $l/,800 31. Unlepg some unforeseen and nnexpeeted circumstances should eaupe the necessary expenditure of the Winter to much exceed wbat is n o w anticipated, it is hoped that a-payment to the counties in fall, up to 1st of Jan-uary, i860, can be made in the Spring.OIT? ITEMS.•tria! trip yesterday morning to sea, and returned agokt about 6 p. m. St e is said to be very fast., »REFINED AMUSEMENTS.—In their feverish deetre for new excitements, our people are constantly importing and copying the semi-barbarous customs of other coun- tries, whoee origin, unlike o u r own, dates fromjbe- yond the dark ages. There tbe light of rivihzatwn has not yet been able to wholly eradicate t h e vicious taste for cruel " sport," which, even under th e most favorable influencee, clings too closely to humanna-i „•-PHILADELPHIA.Wats to Camden. One of these was caught by aabout which "so much curiosity h a s There can b e n o doubt that there ' are parties here who do not want it to succeed, and •who, just now, are especially fearful that i t will, a s its merits will very soon be submitted to the test of thorough public examination. For months past the owners ot the patent have been quietly putting u p suitable apparatus a t t h e Northern Liberties G a s "Works, and last week the premises were completed,THEYours truly,PRO-RATAREPUBLICAN.MOVEMENT.For, despite the heavens, the civic a n d military dis-play took place—at least, as much of it as depended onthe spirit of our citizens and not on the lost appropria-tion from 1he City Fathers. Thefiretto dare the day's point of view to entitle hitu to better treatment th*nhe discomforts were the various lodged of t h e American getsatourhands. H'hewereusedas well as he de- Protestant Association, and a creditable turn-out they serves to be, he would, no doubt, stop hia disagreeable»Party nomination for Governor on Wednesday. tions upon trade." What butthis restriction upon Mr.Harris'*ministry afterthatdiscourse. 7 assure youthatI 1 trade prevents the 120 run of mill-stones of this city entertain precisely the same admirationof it. aa noble Chris-ky the Court.. The writ of peremptory mandamus rreiciaijsnpremacv, are due primari'y to its geographi-wz* returnable last Monday, and the answer was so cal position. That city is the principal entrepot ofsi uifiing and evasive, that the rule in relation t>> the foreign commerce for the whole coun'.rj; and by the; 'rats ore then put in, and another dog takes a turn, and the one that kills his rats quickest wins the prize. This intellectual game u governed by very strict rules^—as, for instance, if a rat can crawl its length after the dog has let him go, it is not considered fair, and' anotherThe contest is narrowed down to either Covode o r bein" now in motion instead of being idle as they havetian oratoiv snd as pure Christian epirituilism—nay more, after fun her hearing, 1 am the more confirmed in my opinion. I can recollect no man, that can bo compurftd y/itli him in thooHsonti*l« of & fiuhhed preacher for poweif and originality of mind, for oootry o f oiction, for breadth and copiousness o f argument, for affluence o f historic a n d philosophic illustration, tor vivid a u d acute analysis oftho elements ofmodern society,for acour- aceous trampling upon all conventionalities: in a word, for the tffectuftl striping of the Gospel ol the cobwebs of a dusty, womout divinity, of the hampering bandages of creeds and lor nlnnliPff Chri-uunlty before u s i n h e r divine and nndi-guued Hncamems, in h*r lr»e and noble beauty. Mr Harris o dis- course, letine teen nay, wm not directed atjaiiut Spirit allium, butaaainttthe abusnof it; notayainat Ch*i»tuui spiritualism, but a'yainst the inversion of it—unchristian spiritualism."^Theenbrumceofthediscourseistobapublisher. In it will be slated Mr. Harris' views in full; when, it willbeseen^wedoubtnot,that,whileheis.severe—! WATER GAS—ALLEGHANY BONDS—TURBINES Cur tin, aud if n o unforeseen heartburnings should—LOST LEGACIES—BLACK MAIUNG VS— be engendered, the nominee will be elected by a The Western miller, in other SfateB, suffers no suchBANK O F FENN8YLVANIA.Stow©wrOw>C«m*V<n*tf"*~ ' PHELADELTHL4, Feb. 20, 1860.T*e Y»»wtodo« of the present season have been Mite remarkable with us. The Delaware baa been frozen solid four time* during th e Winter, and islarge majority.POLITICSINCHICAGO."restriction,''nor does the state of the nurket prevent his seeding forward a steadystreamof flour. Oar millers a r e ready to ^ive the roads as much for doiog the business as they charge our Weston competitors; but tbey object to, and cannot live undar, the " restric- tions upon trade" which the present railroad policy lm-Correspondence of Th« N. Y . Tribune.Yesterday was disrral and dreary to tho last degree.The streets were canals of mud and slush, making out- tuTo; but happily, dog-fighting, bull, bear and badger-CHICAOO, 111., Feb. 20,1860. poeep. The " milling" interest of this city is out a sin- We have just had here one of the most ex'raor- gle one of the varied, important interests of theStite, »ow bridged over from this city clear u p t o its dinary political performances on record. I refer to the wh'ch t o w present sad illustrations of. the effect ofof-door locomotion a s disagreeable as i t is possible t o conceive. Itrainedprettysteadilyfromnoontonight, difsolving the ice and snow, and washing much of the long-accumulated street muck into the sewers. At nightthethawbroughtalongitscompanion,thefog,baiting, cock-fighting and throwing, ratting, and kin- dredcfoeltiee,oncesocommonandsopopularwithall classes in the •' old country," are now patronized and keptup<-n)ybythosewho arevirtually withoutthe eocialpale. Whilethesevicioussportsarefallinginto disuse abroad, we are sorry to observe that they are growing in popularity on this side of the Atlantic.ionrce. ThosewhoieeptherecordssaythattheEke bas not occurred for forty years. Below the nomination ofJohn Wentworth as the Republican can-theserailroad"rcstrictio7i$."FALLACIES OF ARGUMENTS AGAINST PRO RATA.didateforMayor,onSaturdaylastattheNominating«ty and opposite, the ice is kept moving by the Convention—more than three-fourths voting forhiin on " of the free operation o* the laws of trade," and itis justly severe, in exposing the follies, fanaticism and•owiarttpassageofthehugeice-breakingferry- thefirstballot. YouwillagreewithmethatitwasButvie aretoldthatthese evilsareonly"aresultrotwiseorj»st.toWi<da*eupont-nchasubject,and grossimmoralitiesofdisorderlySpiritualism,hewill,that the " General Itailroad law ofNew-York supplies at the same time, show, as no other man cm , the and benighted dwellers in tho cities of Long Islandextraordinary, when I state the opposition to be en-vast eake coming u p with th e tide a short time countered in the primary meeting. There were op- the remedy."Cbrirtian aspect and orderly form of this subjective reality. A better acquaintance with his works will prevent many from falling, into dangers which he has eecuped; and to a perusal of these works we would ask ihe pnblic,until they are better informed of his truearid the Jereeys encountered all serfs of unpleasant ad-ventures before they succeeded in getting ferried over Perhaps the most popular of these grosser pas;imeasince, just as the was entering the canal in the posed to him—here is ratting. This has almost became apassion wita a great many people.True, they have not yet gone so far as we are credi- bly a>suied our celestial friends on tbe other side of the world have done, in popularizing the rat, aa to make ' it on article of diet—a delicate morsel on which to lav- jrfi all the re»<urces of the gos'.ionomic art; but who can say what we may do in that line yet, seeing ho w easily we have taken to the French taste for fro^s,klasd, and driven o n t o t h e piles which skirc the e&naL, where she n o w hangs b y her guards, com- pletely on her beam ends, and almost a wreck. T h e1. The Mayor and the other principal City Officers, including of conrte the Police force.views.New-York,REPORTthe North and East Rivers.BULL'S HKAD:—If any one has a curiosity to readIbe trials a n d tribulations o f the cattle drovers, o rOE rather the speculators—the "bulls" of that market—we commend attention to the report of that market. Itis calculated that the price of Cattle this week averages$7 a head lees than lost week, considering the quality-filled. A n abundance of money exists, first-class paper goes readily a t legal interest, a n d the sound stocks are in some instances rising at rates almost unexampled. Preferred Morris Canal has risen $ 3 mace t h e dividend this month, a n d Camden a n d Amboy some $10since January, selling nowat 131. This last is influenced by the new power almost certain t o b e granted by t h e New-Jersey legislature, authorizing it to build an independentroad from New-Brunswick t o Hoboken, thus enabling it to shake off its dependence of the New- Jersey Road. T h e doings a t Trenton show that certain powerful railroad interests have coalesced m favor of the Camden and Amboy Company, which •wiBresult in the construction of two new roads leadingdirectlytoNew-York.It is difficult to get at a reliable insight into the true merits and condition of the new water gas ofD r . Sanders,been excited.lighted by the new gas. Bo far as relates to bril-liancy, and freedom from unpleasant smell, it was acomplete success. The cost is claimed to be onlyabout40centsper1,000feet. Butitisonthisvital IbtheEditor ojTheX.Y. Tribune.point that controversy exists which time and trial can alone determine. This much appears certain, that retorts,one-thirdthesizeofthofcousedincoalwork*, •will produce a much greater amount o f gas. Thisexhibition was open and above board, the fullest ex- planation being given to all inquirers. So well satis- fied are the proprietors of the Girard House o f the merits of the new gas, that arrangements are now m progress to light that building with it. The wholeapparatus is so simple and compact that it can be i&troduced, a t small cost, into any large establish- ment But i t must not be concealed that a t o u r City Gas Works numerous experiments have beeutried by Dr. Sanders's agent, all which are alleged to have failed in showing any superiority or economy 1»tbemeofwatergas. Itisthereadmittedthat gas can be produced, but a t so high a cost as to ren- «er i t useless. A few months will determine thisquestion conclusively.The repudiates of railroad bonds in this State are finding that repudiation is a harder road than Jordan to travel. A limb of the law in Washington County permitted bis library to be seized for thetax'a few days ago, and then let the bo)ks goto aale, so that he might have the additional satisfac- tion of testing, in a higher court, the identical ques- tion which has been repeatedly decided there al- ready. Then last week, in the Supreme Court here, the Alleghany Count) Bonds came up again in a way that drew forth the wrath of the Judges, one ofThose who use them know well the specioueness of theee arguments. They know that practically there Is no such thing as trade unmodified, uncontrolled by 2. The Press and Tribune, the leading Republican legislation; They know, too, tho valoe of the remedyloffered them, through th e General Railroad L a w , paper in the English hinguarge, and the Staats Zei- when the power and influence wielded by a corpora-k» made here has been full a foot thick, a better lung, the cidy-Republican paper in the German lan- tion, representing forty millions of capital, ttands article than known in this region for many year*. guage. [ready to bo used to crush out the incipient life of any This extreme weather is operating badly on o u r 3. The leading Republican politicians cf the City, in- (proposed competing road.Spring trade, though there is every indication that cluding the Hon. N. B. Jndd, who has been for many But my communication is ah-eady longer than I in- when i t does fairly open, it will do so bnskly. O u r years State Senator, and is low a member of the Na- tended. There are many other considerations to whichtional Executive Committee, and talked of aa candidate I have not adverted, which urgently demaud the pro- hotelsarebeginningtofillupwithdistantbuyers, forGovernor. AlsoHonJ.N.Arnold,memberof fpx.-fdlegislativeaction. Themeasureisrightinprin- and the great Continental, now open for inmates, is the last House, in the State Legislature, w ho WASthe |ciple, and is required not only by our sutferiDg agri- attracting so many strangers that itwillsoonbe opposingcandidateforMayorattheprimarymeetings, culturesndmanufacturinginterests,batitisnecessaryFeb. 21.OF THE COMMISSIONERS EMIGRATION.attachment was ordered, returnable last Saturday. construction of the Erie Canal, it is practically at the home last, makes the-T*The Commissioners did not appear in person, a n dJudge Woodward regarding the proceedings in thelight of a criminal prosecution, refused to bearthem by counsel, and left the bench. The case is of New-York State? Did it not pour the wealth of" Confusionworse confounded,""notyetconcluded,butitisquiteevidentthatthese persistent efforts t o stave off payment will avail nothing in the end. Our Courts have so repeatedly decided against repudiation, that t h e payment o f all these railroad bonds may b e s e t down a s a sure thing.The bones of the defunct Bank of Pennsylvania havebeenpicked cleanbythe lawyersand other litigants. Last week the Auditor made a report of the first account of the assignees. .There is a cash balanceofabout$7,492intheirhands,ofwhich$3,454gotopaycommisiions,fees,andexpenses; #2,695toFornum &,Co.,leaving1,305fordis- tribution among note holders, depositors, a n d other creditors in the order herein named. Yet with eventbo'WestintothecoffersofNew-YorkCity?And was it aaot -mainly due to the construction of tnat great work t&at she passed by such rap'd strides to her pres- ent position of commercial influence and power?I EFFECTS OK THE ORIGINAL ERIE CANAL.fore a Ipound of freight w as landed on Manhattan room. I saw Kussell J., and threw oft' my coattoHog. Islandbytherailroads. Buttomeettheincreasing him,whenhewantedtotreat. SoIthoughtIwould4,3t31 8,335' 2(523,597764. 16*3,21983,589 246,753mustkilltwicethenumberofratsinthesametimeas :i 12-ponnd dog—beside many others, all of which are religiously adhered to, and much money changes hands on the matches governed by them. When you knowthis meager display, t h e Attorney-General steps in New-Y^rK, oppressed as tbey are by the present Rail-Of whom there diedi~u.461 havingbeenBung,thebenedictionwaspronounced, "Tb»isubscriberhasforwileastrorjjjbut)if*htrat-pit,8feet<Capitol from Harrisburg to this city. The measureorignates with the country member*, not with us,Let us see if these roads are actually benefitted by tiate it, at any time, by an unl*mit-ed number of oaths, erection of a building for the accommodation of the yesterday afternoon, from the Children's Aid Society, the rat-pit in the nursery, bring in Towser, let loose a- the through business they make such oeeperate efforts some of them not altogether free from profauity. insane pOor, and represent that they have au excellentsake o f getting them here. soch thing. ,Our people will do n oThe Commissioners of Emigration agreed to supportThere IBan interesting rivalry going on at the Fairmount Water-works between the inventors of tarbme wheels. In doubling the capacity of the •works, inventors were invited to compete in fur- nishing turbines; andsince October last experi- ments have been made with about a dozen differentIf, then, our,railroads must, after all, lean upon their they are not mistaken. Many a min has boon hun? localtraffic,isitnettheirultimateinteresttofoster Onevidenceastohisperson,muchlessconclusive. Ifa n d c b e m h i t ' ! i t i s a c a s e OJ s p i r i t u a l i s m , i t i s s o m e w h a t i n a d v a n c e o fTo "«hat extent can it be the interest of our rail- even modern psychology. If it is an instance of rapidroads to pursue a policy -which is crushing out the in- locomotion, the last improvement in transit of passen-theSmall-poxHospital(accordingtothedisease),all p a t i e n t s c h a r g e a b l e t o t h e C o m m u t a t i o n P u n d , a n d also to provide and pay for most of the current ex- penses of the Floating Boipital, leaving to the other Commisoioners the appointment of officers, and the authority anddirectionoftheHospitaladministration.meetsto-nightinbteadofnextThursday,aswasreport- e d i n t h e p r o c e e d i n g s o f l a s t m e e t i a g .m QCIMBO ATTO RECEIVES ANOTHER RESPITE.—Gov. Morgan hasextendedthe respitegrantedtoQuimbo Appo, now at the Tombs under sentence of death, wbichexpiresonthe24thinst.,untilthefirstdayofandseewhichcouldserveupitsdozenratsinthe quickest time. What a charming institution tho rat-pit would thus become, combining excitement aud amuse- ment with instructive lessons in morality, humanity, andnaturalhistory. Ofcourse,all"gentlemensports'' will speedily introduce nursery rat-pits into their pri-Musical and theatrical affairs have been flourish-ing all the Winter through. The Octoroon is draw- jjij/, manufacturing, and mechanical interests of ouring large houses. Doughfaces who go to sec the State, will they not, and will not New-York City, thatplay are astonished, to find that there is no Aboli- must sutler by the injury done to all her dependentyear 3,ti02. Number of males on Ward's Mand 867. Receipts,includingoverdraft,$45,80319/Disburse- ments, $28,189 51. Balance iu bank, $17,Glo* OS.has given the public a very ex-part© statement of M r. provided by law, will furnish a fund above the. debtsHarris's pulpit effort on tho occasion alluded to. now directly charged upon it, out of which all such having commenced business during the last war with saw tmoke comiug out of tho forehatchway of hLsveu-While he'was firm, and decided, and thorough, asto advances may be properly refunded, without injustice Great Britain, some time about the year 1814, in a sel. On going below he found a bale of cotton on fir©,or inconvenience to the other funds of the State Trea- small way at first, in Cliff street, near John, but as between decks, forward on the starboard ride. H e sury.The Commissioners desire to bounderstoodasnot that wasrather toohigh uptowniuthosedays,he putoutthefirowithoutanyfurtherdamage. Thecot- mission into the occult realm of human life and its wishing to escape any personal or official responsibility removed down to State 1line, now Beaver street. ton had been stowed fourteen duys, and no light or firetionismaboutit.The late Henry I). Gilpin'* noble legacies to theair. Gilpin died in less than thirty days after making tion from its natural ehannela.• his will. The object of this law is to prevent reli- The industrial interests, then, of inferior and West-gious bodies from acquiring great estates&y improp- ern New-York aro all the more in earnest in resisting the imposition of this tax upon them, in favor of West-Historical Societies of Philadelphia and Chicago,erlyinfluencingpersonsintheirdyingmoments. erninKirestPjbecansotbeybelievethatthisrailroadpol- Our business men, in common with yours, ure k-y is both fruitless as to its end and ruinous to the rail-h's expositions of the " abuses" of Spiritualism, heat thesametimerecognizedthoorderlyprocessofintro-annoyed,butnotalarmed,bytheblackmailplun- derers who publish lists of names that are sound on the goose question. In ourcase, theyhaveset down a l l Philadelphia a s being Abolitionists—not a single Constitutional house among us. Many o f vox bosiness houses,aremadeupofSouthern men. Some of them are even slaveholders. But all this Biakesnodifference,excepttoexposeinitstrue colorstheranknessoftheswindle. Thefellow•who publishes this list, intimates that it would havefceen larger, b a d h e n o t been paid for omittingBarnes. Now, the men weak enough to pay for suchinregardtoQuarantineaffairs; butasthepresent Mr.FanshawwasthefirettoadopttheuseofroHeru cfanykindhadbeenallowedbelow. Capt.Samuels.state of:emigration, which will be likely to continue, instead of bulls in an inking apparatus for tho hand- is positive that the firo was the work of Bone incen- has scarcely any connection with, or need of. Quaran-tine,andasconsiderableamountsureuuavoidabiypaid press,"whichhodidagainstthestrongopposition"ofthe diary.fosters our industry, w e are justified in seekinir a tracts from Mr. Howitt's letter to The London Critic. and thoae relating to the Quarantine and the Public remedy. dated Jan. 28, i860. Health.In the discussion of this question, we hear much said ."I have no wish to go into tho general question .of Spiritual- The report of the treasurer BIIOWS that the receiptsfoot of the great chain of lakes which drain five of our richest agricultural Slates.and the mystery more inexplicable. He at once said: eftwell as the ftefuge Department:Number of inmates in institution on 1st January,l&t>9 1,052 Number admitted to institution during 1859 3,048 Numberofbirths.inInstitutionduring1859....... .#51 Total number cared for during the yearSTREET CHURCH.—At noon, yesterday, the anniversa-What, was the effect of cutting through the isthmus" About three w ks a#o I flew down there to whip Rustell J . , and make honorable proposals to widow ." He was reminded that he had not been ab- sentfromtheHospitalsincehisadmission,onthe19thry of the Daily Union Prayer-meeting in th« John-street M. E . Church was celebrated. The Rev. Mr. dog is let loose upon him, or, a dog weighing 20 pounds,But all tbis was accomplished for her. by the originalof June." I'll bite your ear off," he replied, with some indig-r.ation. " I tell you that. I did go. My spirit flew down there quick, and left this pair of clothes., and theNumber discharged during the year .<.... Number of doaths during the year in both Itefjgeand Hospital... 4. ••'Total number.Number remaining on 31st December , 1859 Number of days spent in Hospital.....N unioer of duys spent inRefugeTotalnumberofdaysspentinbothJames conduoted the services. He made a brief state-ment of the history of that meeting from its inceptionby the Young Men's Christian Association to the pres-ent time. H e said that although h e h a d n o writtenhistory, yet there were, doubtless, happy souls whose that in and adjacent to thesepits there are kepo all sorts praises and:gladdened hearts had, during the lapse of of animals—dogs, bears, coons, rats, boys, negroes, thotwoyearsofitsexistence,recordeditsvaluebe- andwhitemen—youcanformsomeideaoftheArabianT.arrow canal-^-the rimple "Clinton DitcU"—and be- rest of me that you see here in the ward to take care ot Antichrist, and keep the devil out of the bathbeeu'tbree-founhs of the time the last four months /ax.d is an aspirant for Congress, having contested very for the future well-being of the radroads themselves. ers have discharged the important trust committed toaverage of$64 a head, the whole number would haveactuallybeguntobreed andfatten themfortha amount to $283,328, a pretty round sum for one week's New-York market. I t may be that this Ranacultarecloeely, the laet nomination of'Hon. John F . Farns- worth- i4. The Executive Committee of th e Young Men's Republican Club of the Cny,and the committeesof. most of the Clubs of the various wards.AgainstalltheseopposingforcesWentwoithcarried,attheprimarymeetingeightofthe,tenwards, andhistotal minorities at the Republican Ward Meetings were following narrative, as it comes from an unquestion-eome Jijttin hundred.This resnlt is to be attributed partly to the personalable'source:A lew days before the adjournment of the legisla-that their thoughtful Colonels ordered them to parade " with overcoats,'-' on t h e anniversary o f t h e Birth-Rochester, Feb. 20, i860.VERYG . H . E .them by the great diminished number of emigrants who afrived at this port (as well aa elsewhere in the United States), and also by their generally improved etate aa,to health, means, a n d general condition. There was no severe or general epidemic disease prevailing among emigrantpassengerseitheronship-boardorafterland- ing. Tbe number of patients or of entirely destitue and helpless persons, in the hospitals, or otherwise ob- taining, relief from the funds o r this Commission, h a s continued to diminieh, even below the lessened numberwill ultimate in producing a race of bull-frogs a* bigas the bullock, whoee size their progenitor i n t h e fable endeavored to emulate. B n t w e are digressing. O u r present business is with rats—not the typographic, but;MYSTERIOUS.supply of beef, particularly in the season of Lent, when the world is supposed to be living upon fish.»From TheIndianapolis Sentinel.THE CELEBRA TION YESTEROA Y .—Fortunate w a sit forthepatriotic members ofour city regiments, thequadrupeds.Ourreadersmayrelyontheperfect accuracyoftheture, two members from the BOuth-western part of thetiveness of the maesep, who had got the idea, whether State, 1»30 milts diBtant from Indianapolis, inquired of of 1858,while the imnrovementsgradually introduced bypopularity of Wentworth, and partly to a sort of res-conect or not, that there was a disposition on the part of the leading politicians to distribute the offices to euit themeelvee, without sufficient reference to th e wishes of the people.The next question, of course, is, will Wentworthbe elected ? This question it is. somewhat difficult to , early discharge probable.answer,butmyown opinion isthat hewillbe,bya They stated thattheyhadreceivedlettersfromdif- decisive majority. There will, of course, be a good ferent persons, mentioning the fact that Mr. Alex. P .the experience of tbe Commissioners and their officers,have placed all the establishments under their imme-diate chartf e in a state of order and cfiiciency. Thusthe immediate cares and labors of the Commissionersilled froge. The majority of our people, it is true, a r e ing wind, as have not accompanied each other in this i dreadfully severe on the rat, although, living, he is thedeal ot disaffection,-but Went-worth was never person- ally stronger than now, and what he loses among the politicians, will, I think, he made up by bis adherents ircm among the masses, irrespective of party'.F o r a fellow who doesRUI?tO FHEW-YORXAT-I^ECEDI'KOSrKIUTY- FOUNDED ON T H E ERIE CANAL— RAILROAD WAY FREIGHT SETTER THAN THROUGH FREIGHT—RIVALRY OF OTHER CITIES—FALLACIES Of ARGUMENT AGAINST " FRO RATA."TRADE—NEW-YORKSIR: T h e friends of the Pro-Rata Freight bill, inthisportionofthe State, are gratifiedtoseethatthe here,*o\hatthe people need notbe alarmed athiselongatedformer yeaTM, since 1840, is much le68 than half. O f these emigrants, 32.652 were from Ireland, 28,270 from Germany, and 10,375from England. Tbe whole num- ber of patients at the Marine Hospital frpm Januarymany accompanied with wagons drawn by four or six horses, laden with' emblems of the Order. Starting from Union square a t 9 o'clock, a n d traversing thePeilico. /At present, the'only ueeto which we put him, is thethe Superintendent of the Insane Hospital his reasons for the dischurge of Alexander F., a patient from P County. |was wandering at large in neighborhoods near his old home; that the citiKens were afraid of him, and were anxious that h e should be returned to the institution without delay.The Dext day Dr. Athon received a letter from the guardian of Alexander, making inquiry with regard to ris'escape—how long since b e leit t h e hospital, a n d what was his mental condition when he eloped—if elopement it was. I am allowed to copy Dr. Athon's reply:INDIANA IIOHIMTAI/FOK THE INSANE, >. I>DIANAI'OLIB, M a ' c h 2,1855. )oilicers, b u t would rather have charged through, " leaden rain andiron bail," provided a worthy foe stood beyond the storm, than to have endured yester- day's parade, through such a scouring delupe and driv-Dr. Athon assured them that Mr. F . was still a t the Hospital, and had not been sent home, nor was hisH. C. Cletter of tho 28lh ult., and am somewhat surprised to learn that Alex. F.isnowtobe*e»*nir\yourregion. I amnotabeliever In modern spiritualism, but if Alex, is thee, his spirit is here; orifbiHopiritistherebiscorporealsubstanceishere,andif bothpetitions canbosubstantiated,thenthereissomethingin spiritualism. But I think we have the veritable, laughing Alex.pressofNew-YorkCityisnotentirely against them. A few days afterward the following letter, in 1toJune25,was243.THE TRIBUNE is neither subsidized nor frightened into, answer to the above, arrived. I give it verbatim,Park, through which they marched from east to west, returned to Union square, and dispersed.At 2i p. m., the Eleventh Regiment were received in the Park, by tho Mayor, and a t the euccepsive half- hours ensuing, the Sixty-ninth Regiment, Eighth, Sev- enty-firet, and Twelfth underwent the same dismal cer- emony—the last reaching the City-Hall a t about four o'clock. "It was suggestive of heroism, and yet hardly inspiriting, to see the sturdy fellows of the various regi- ments as they filed up Broadway, to the music of theare growing exceedingly popular. A t these placescongregate large numbers of people to witness tbeweekly dog fights and r.it matches, aud au<-.h an im-portant part cots; the rat play in these exhibitions, thafcthe proprietors *ct a price on their heads, and pay *m*Uboys innumeiable coppers for a supply of the livelycreatures. But we are wrong in intimating. that th eAmericans co not relish raw as an article of i'ood—theyhave been eaten, to our knowledge, in this city—notinterests of the interior, but also, . to all connected and which tight or ten persons, who are-well acquainted with Alex., dependent interests—the mercantile of our commercial will swear to. About Tuesdav, the 27th of February last, Alex. F. was seen opproacting the O Milla and UiotiJlery. H e ttopped at the houfcof a woman by the name of Mrs. VV.,and a*ked for water and a ba^in to \va»h hh hands, and it was ^iven tohimandhewafhed. HethtnapproachedtheO- Mills, with a matt in hand, but halted for a short t.irue at another place or two. One o f the hands at the miil, by the name of Ituasell "J'.. saw him coming, and knowing that he liad better be watched, met him and went with him in all his jou ney through tho milts and hog-pens. Alex, wen; up to the garrtt-Iofc of the miil, ob-emporium, and the land and tcater transporting ests;andyetmoatofyourcitycotemporarieshave been engaged for weeks, in setting forth the evils to be apprehended, in the event of its becoming a law.They] say " The trade of New-York is to be ruined. "Baltimore and Philadelphia on the South, N ew -serving to ItU»Bell J. that be wanted to see tho machinery.Atur which h*. went into the aiHtillery, and the distiller, J.B., «aid to hmi„" You must not do tb*t. Alexander'" at which Alex-inter-only eaten, but eaten alive, and that too by a human. drum,andnotthe*'ear-piercingfife,"buttherain-smoth- being. Batafewnightsenee,atarat-pitinWhite" Orleans onthe South-West, and Boston and Portland ander twined round and said, " Wbat?" H e then passed dvwn into the hot-bonce, fallowed by It. V .. (one o f the owners of the" on the North, are to control the trade of the West- mills) a n d Itursell J., who watched him. H e came out o f t h e " New-York is declared to be in danger," and the hog bonne, and the> «ai.dto him, " Alexander, your brother A. and tho S.'s are after you." On which Alexander said, " They have no bosinnps with me." He then passed on out of the gite, and picked up his walking-stick, which, no had left on comiug in. He then went on west toward M—H—.about one-fourth o f a graphical position, great and self-sustained—or is it the mile dibtant, with a quick walk, and that is the lest that has beenenabled them to leave their comfortable homes, andState at barge is invoked to save it. Now, is the utter- ance of] New-York—inherently, and by virtue of geo-uary, 1859, there were in the buddings 1,U52 inmates;the number on 1st'January, 1860, was 764. Thebuild-ngs erected since 1850 are of brick, well anddurably built, and in perfect order. T h e hospitals are of 1812, and th e Continentals, celebrated the anniver- detached buildings, and a large ward, with its appen-dages, on each story, with windows on all sides,andlarge open grounds.utteianice of a selfish railroad interest ?Our conclasions upon this point will be assisted by looking a t the history o f the commercial advancement of Nbwj-Ycrk City. It will not be denied that theseen or heard of him.They all apreed that helookedbadaud thin—visage wthcr paleand >-ickly. He was not Inclined to talk, and said billlule.Old end young saw him, nnd he was nowhere else but atthe O Mi»ls. Those that saw him hay« been well acquainted with him for years, and tbey are willing to swear that it was Alexan- der F. aud nobody else, for they saw, heard, and, I believe, ftlt him and examined his looks closely. He warmed by the tire daring the time. The names of apart of t i e persons who saw bin. and are will'ng to give their aftidavitB to that effect, aro J. B..K. J., R V., O. B., J . T., and others. Are you certain he won at the hospital the 29th Febr-?ar>.Very Respectfully, H. C. C . •The anewer of Alex., on being asked when he wasratsareunabletojumpout,sotheyarehunted around The order of United Americans, the Veterans and around by the dog, till at la3t he seizes one by the back—a despairing squuak and the craunching of bones is all that is heard betoro the rat lies dead on the floor. Instantly the dog i3 in pursuit of another, while the deg'p master stamps about the pit, urging him on in thoNEW-YORK PROSPERITY FOUNDED ON THE ERIE CANAL.sary by a meeting a t the Cooper Institute, a t which letters were read from Gen. Scott, the Hon. Washing- ton Hunt, Edward Everett, Hamilton Fish, the R e v ., KSQ.,—Dear Sir: l a m jui-t in receipt of yourshadow." V>ry respectfully, etcrat pit. There are several snch places in various parte principalstreets,at 1o'clock p.m. they reachedthe ofthiscity,andtheyarenotonlywell patronised,buttrade ©f the West, the State, at immense coot, has en- wait—went with him into the distillery, saw it stand- ' The school for chuaren under the charge of theCom-larged! the Canal, a*d bas placed forever at the dis- ing there, and asked, ' I s this poison?' and drank a missioners is now kept up as a •vard school of the city, fore the Throne of God. Several gentlemen presentposal[ofNew-Yorkthemosteilectiveinstrumentfor controllingthetradeoftheWest. Toaccomplishthis great result, the benefits of which New-York City re- alizesjavorethanany.otherlocalityintheState,the State St large has borne, year by year, a heavy bar- den of taxation. B o t when Interior a n d Wesvernperfumes which greet the nostrils, of a stranger. Y etroadp|olicy,*seekforrelief,proposing,onlyameasure whichiwill place tbem, in respect to r«ii road trans- portation,uponanequitablefootingwiththeWestern States! we are met with the cry that " t h e trade of New-Yorkisindanger." Wearetoldthatanyinter- lerei.ee with this arbitrary and unjust Railroad policy willplaceitoutofthepoweroftheNew-YorkRail- roads to draw Western trade across our Suite.,wbihky was ro gut; will knock that distiller's face all In the Rcfoge Department, which has boon appro and the meeting adjourned. A noon Prayer-meeting inches in diameter, suitable for a private gentleman: can bo pat •dustry and capital of Interior aid Western New-York? Injusticetotnemeelves—nottospeakofjusttcetoour own people, from whom they have revived the priv-gers has not got ronud much.Drawing thehint fromAlex.'sclosingremarks,asIn a strict eonslruotion of all the laws applicable to this subject, still in force, it would seem doubtful whetheranyofthecommutationincomecouldbequoted above, I would suggest that it is a case of mor- wheels, and are yet continued. Only three of these ileges wLich place them in a position to do us injary— bid mental manifestation— that theie is a floating delu-jugofwhisky;MowedupIt.V.forfollowingme round;didn'thavetimetomarrythewidow,orwringbrother A's nose—they wouldn't let me alone enough; wentdowntothevillage,gotsomea^andthencameright home. I did not see anybody on the road—I wasso high up;, cace wi .h the pigeons; they were a-cheer-ing me—La! h a ! h a !—and oidn'tmuke no time at all; Di«c)iHrg*d, cured, or relievedtoblazes!—itmademyheadswim—runaga'nstthe priatelytermedfo"rmedicalpurposestheDispensarycontinues to be held in the same placo every day from 12to.lo'clock,towhichmerchantsandtheirclerksareuportakendownintwominutes."Where a man has a dog, is afflicted with ra,ts, and posseesesaloveforthe"goodoldEnglishsports," sucharat-pitwouldbe"handytohaveinthehouse." Imagine the convenience of tbe thing—it can be pat up)ij/btiling, wb'ch singeo my whiskers—colored 'em red. Thetruthis,Doc's,theyarefellcrazy."To sum up, we have the positive testimony often ormorereliablemen,whohaclknownhimforyears,thatDepartment of the Institution, there were 3.326 cases treated. Tnefewere84deathsofinfantsintheRe- fuge, and 47 in the hospitals proper, whose deaths are tobeattributedtothedeathsorsicknessofthemothers, or their inability to afford th e natural nourishment.earnestlyinvited. WESTWARDno!—Acompanyofboysandgirls,intwominutes.Afterthechildrencomehomefrom.•wheels willbepermanentlyemployed, butitis whyshouldourroadsimperilanddestroytheirmost sioncontagiousinitsnature,whichaffectsoneaudthe•estimated that their combined capacity will be much reliable and mobt profitable traffic in the insane other of the parties alternatively, flying from Alex,to properly applied to purely Quarantine objects; and the June next. So there will be no second execution atvateresidences. people.Whosayswearenotaprogressivewheels now in use. The lucky inventor whose tur- Bnt " Philaoel >hia and Baltimore are in thefield,and commonly short tpace of time. " we mu^t c >mpete with tnem at any sacrifice."COL. MUZZK.bines may be adopted, will probably make his for- tune by the hit.Bot if in this struggle for Wettera trade by our rail- roads they complete the ruin of themselves—already begun—&i>d paral\7.e, as they are fast doing, the farm'port of alien emigrants. But. from the urgent necessi- SPIRITUALISM ABANDONED BY THE tyofthepublicserviceinregardtothemostimp>rlaatFLAC-STAKE DOWN.—The force of the nbrth-east gale yesterday afternoon blew down the flag-staff ofCOMMISSIONERS or EMIGRATION'.—For want of a qiiorum this Boird did not hold their usual meetiag yesterday afternoon. By tho weekly statement it ap-REV. T. L. HARRIS.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.SIR: An article appears in THE TRIBUNE of this would permit. interests,learnthatsuchenormoussacrifice?weretoomorning,takenfromTheLondonAdvertiser,-whieh, Aconsiderablepartoftheamountadvancedatdif-roaduthemnelveH.aswellastous. Normthismatter variedexistence.Probably no man of this age can speak with m or authority than Mr. Harris, as to the dangers attendin indiscriminate intercourse with thospiritual worldProm the annual report of the Commissioners of Emigration,justpublished,welearnthatthepastyear, like that immediately preceding it, was diatinguiahed fromalltheotheryearsduringwhichthe Commission-equal. This,uponthe4,427headreceivedinthecityhis wefik, would make a difference of $30,989. At an and, not content with the natural product of the ponis,M. C. C. CHURCH.W e eay it iB not improbaVe, in the light of the past, with our thirst for the novel and t b e strange, that w e day of Washington. Not one of the rank and file, or mav ultimately become fascinated with the Chinese method of feeding, and bo able to step into a New-York restaurant, call for a dish of fricasseed rats, and devourtbem with as much gueto as many no w do a diah of dev--have been materially diminished, a n d although t h edecreased numbers of persons payin)? commutation regionforalongwhile. Howitpouredandblewfor Jecavenger.of thetown,and,dead, furnishes the softcontinuedtokeepdowntheincomeoftheCommitsion threehours yesterday afternoon. Lookers-on weregloves[whichencasethedelicatedigitsofthosewhopat-much below that of former years, the improved econo- my o f iheir estaHiahmeDt, a n d t h e lessened demand upon them for relief, enabled them to meet the current expenditure of the year, and to diminish coasiderably the debts contracted in former years, including those to tbe counties for the support of emigrant poor.Their labors a n d responsibdities have alio been lessened by the operation of the last law in relation to the removal of the Quarantine. The number of alien emigrants .who arrived a t this poit during the year 185if, and for whom commutation wasjpaid, or special bonds executed, w a s 79,322, being 733 more tnan inlb58, but 104,451 less than in the year 1857, and (53,020-Jet'sthanlb56;whilethe proportiontotheaverageof made.Thirty-threelodgesinallformedtheirproceeeion; tricks,andbecomeasdocileasthecompanionsotSdviofew and far between, except those pedestrians whoso broken umbrellas left them at the mercy of the storm. These clustered in doleful groups in every entry along Broadway, waiting for a clearer sky, and were thus unwilling spectators of the civic a n d military display.ionize Jouvin and Alexandre.such dirty work, your rat is certainly most commenda- bly clean, and, to our eyes, his sleek, brown coat, deli- cate, pink feet, and bright, sharp eyes are anything but disgusting; but whetin-r he will ever grow into public favor'as a pet of the palate is a question that can only be answered by the test of time. At all events, we re- gard him as an animal sufficiently useful in a sanitaryThe total number of persons relieved, forwarded, and provided with employment by the Commissioners was 12,667. Three hundred and four were buried at the expense of the Commission.The Commissioners hold in fee 106 acres on Ward's Island,' together with appurtenant wa».er-rights a u d marsh partly covered witn water. The tract has also bf en increased in size, convenience, and.valae duriog the last three year?, by filling in and building a stone cea-wall along the shore, which was performed chiefly hv labor of the inmates? This labor has also been ap-plied by the Superintendent to the grading and levelingthe grounds, a n d similar improvements conducive t ohealthandconvenience. Thebuildingsaudgroundsare amply supplied wiih Croton water, brought, by apipe under the"waters of tbe Sound; and, earned up to ered cornet and baes-tuba. A s they turned the corner street, a Pbiiadelphiau, on a wager, ate a live rat ha. /a large embanked reservoir, which is kept filled, b e - side supplying the buildings with water, afford* secu- rity against fire, a n d gives a plentiful supply o f i c e . There is a broad, substantial private wharf belonging to t i e establishment, with spacious sheds, boat-house, and otber conveniences.The buildings can accommodate more than doublethe number that how occupy them. On the 1st Jan- places of business, to face the trials of yesterdayinhonor of the Father of his Country.been under the charge cf Amos Pilsbury, an officer oflong experience in. the government of imblic institu-tions. He rasigfed his office on the 1st of J uly last, on otic speeches w ere made by other gentlemen. I n t h e coat, and returns to his seat among the audience. More being appointed General Superintendent of Pohce; and evening a number of festivals were held by differentthe Commissioners appointed as hisSuccessor Louia D. organizations, in honor of the occasion.Pi'sbury.E .Tho following summary gives t h e aggregate results o f t h ewhole of these establishments, including the Hospitals proper as . UNION PRA YER-MEETING ANNIVERSARY A T JOHN-W .Crowell,esq., ArchGrandSachem, andpatri-owner picks up his animal, buttons him up in his over-tbeBoardprovidingaschool-roomandpayingcertain expressedtheirgratitudetoGodfortheexistenceof thereareeducatedandwealthymenwhovisitand expenses. thatmeetingonaccountofthebenefitswhichithad patronizetheseplaces,andwhodelightintb«seratTbe aggregate results of the praotice, both medical conferred upon themselves and others. Several short matches and dog fightB.andsurgical,"lorthejear,areasfollows:Wenoticedrecentlyinoneofthecitydailiesan evidences of his goodness which had been manifested advertisement headed, " T o Gentlemen Sports," whichThere were cared for in the Hospital daring 1859 (including605 in Hospital on Jan. 1,1859), together with 26l|birtiis..3,668»FREIGHT. narrative of Alex, himself, who is yearning to substan- out the year was 446. The Commissioners suggest the most of them about 15 years old, set out from the West school, how comfortable it would be to hastily put upand there is quite a strong feeling among them in itsfavor. They are tired of the dulness and isolation to control. The reasons they" urge against pro ra'a On the other hand, the offi.ers of the Hospital, and site for such an institution, with a hue quarry of stone, under the charge df the Rev. L . P Atwood. Tncy dozen rats, and then, while ho worries and craunchssd" a country village, and sigh for the luxuries and transportation prove that much of the " through " busi- at least twenty others connected with the institution, which would lessen the expense of the building. were well dreeeed and well behaved. The Newsboys' and kills them, you could gently pull' your cigar, occa-ness they are now doing, alibrds them but very little will solemnly affirm.that they have seen and conversed The Commiesioners in tbeir report speak of the re- Lodging-House . has given a number of boya to thia recreations which abound in the metropolis. B u t profit. Tbey admithhat only by the imposition of high with Alex tw o or three tioaes every d:*,y for nine moval of Quarantine, and state that 274 patients were p^irty, which left in high hope and spirits.sionally encouraging the dog, and thus enjoy this sport with the children. What pleasnnter aud more rat-ional recreation could a reasonable man desire .' Then, to vary the sport and to give the children the benefit oftheysetout withthe idea'that Philadelphia will spend half a-million in bildings for their use for theanddisproportionatelocalUnitsare.heyen-ibledto support the losses they must sutler on a portion of theirmonths Ifthisisacaseofmistakenidentity,itis singular that so many persoijs should be deceived, and at tbe. same time have euch au entire conviction thattreatedintheMarineHospitalfromJan.110June25, at which time the floating ships were in readines3.Mthrough " businees.We call attention to the advertisement on first pageat their charge, either on the Floating Hospital orat of the Republican Central Campaign Club, which the experiment, he could remove Towser,pat inTabby, .prayers were offered in thanksgiving to God for the3,207 in the noon meeting at old John street. The doxology said that^nlcres-s of the commerce and the health of the wholeState, the Commissioners of Emigration were induced the Afctor House.i Tho lofty-pole, flag aud all, came pears that the total number of emigrant arrivedto to go as far in the advance.of funds as their means down on the roof of the hotel, wiih a tharp crash, date bince January I, is 3002. To same dote lastdo they a«:k privileges. They claim rights which they never surrendered, by granting to the roads the Privi- legesunderwhichtheyhavebecome sopotentialfor good or evil to our State.RAILROAD " RESTRICTIONS UPON TRADE."Weareuotinsensibletothebenefitswhichrailroadsconfer upon us. Tbey have become necessary to the realities whicn exist in the other life—warning th tho»e Who have a right to call upon it for aid or re- having on a very respectable-looking coat belongingto #reatindustrial,commercial,andsocialinterestsofour menandwomenofthisagotopreparefortheissues imburpenSiont,tomakethisrepresentationtothoLeg- adoptingthoTreadwellpressdrivenbymale-power.countryandourState;butwhentheirpolicybecomes thatarebeingthrustuponthem. Butnottoconrfume islature,aodtourgeanalteration^thelawsnowreg- WhentheAmericanBibleSocietywas-establishedho RobinsonButlerofNo.07rungstreet. Itappears t uch-as to unnerve, instead of such as su-eni'thens and more of your valuable sp:ico, I hore give you tho ex- ulating the duties of the Commiasioners of Emigration,Tho results of his experience, sad and heart-rending ithe extreme, are before the world in his publiahe emigrant purposes, the Commissioners have felt it a substituted the work of a b'oy for a man at each press. RECOGNIZED H I S COAT.—A young m an named works. Theyspeak inthunder tones ofthoterribl dutythey owetothe contributors tothefundandto He wasalso the firsttoemploy printingmachines, FrancisManningwasyesterdayarrested,chargedwithomission, a r e really the only ones who ought to be by the opponents of the measure about " restrictions inn, having so lately, through your courtesy, expressed my con- from various sources, including balance in bank of TRIAL TRIP.—The new steamship Peraviau, intend* wearing the coat, and caused his arrest. Tho prisoner4 h u # p l a c a r d e d .viction, founded on experience, o f its Mature a n d vulue. B u t 1 u p o n t r a d e , " a s i f t h e e n a c t i o n s u n d e r w h i e h t h e i u - w o u l d b e g p o r m u u i c u t o » t \ y a w o r d o r t w o h i v i n d i c a t i o n o f$ 5 , 6 3 6 2 8 , o n J a n u a r y ! , 185l>, w a s $ 1 8 8 , 2 2 2 6 2 ; e x -Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069stated that he purchased the coat of a boy, hat Justicefrom an insufficient Emigrant Fund for other than journeymen pressmen, founded upon the fact that itUntitled Documentabout 2 o'clock.became and continued its printer until the" Society established its own office.that on Monday night Mr. Butler's Houso was broken into and robbed of a variety of articles, among which watf this identical coat. M r. Butler saw Manning—•—» •ed to ply between South-American porta, vyent on adog till all that were let loose are killed, when thoANOTHER PACKET SH U - ON FIRE.—Capt. Samuels www.fultonhistory.com 