 «*€*»»>«• *" \a\tert etlm* B t t t H dV_thus received sad ytihltetod Tbo , wttb Ecgttoh sdr ess, touchm at icbatecea braach boat receivesCm*.<*—JkhUon OttV-Aprtcattural Mmwrm of sTastsss—' ~ ~ * «$«H By tto* rer _ , t canpetA^ . t w o b t y - t o l r d stroot Ttomeotlagwaoooav^for toWiw^o>to*,sborttyoflmwmobbcnrtt^waswellUtedwithahighlyrosportabteandltory. thissad prairie dog are frequently found to tho same bote, thus esmtotoxtof a "happy family" far more curious thanBcw_s,Bky8> l|SS,morning at Si Jam* H a Wbtatoothan ksft toad ateaef ti—lialtoii papers,mailTheOoBferesce metthto Bsotttothechair.0BrJrgmtiferou* WtaUA 0 / (he Territory—PlaUs VaUty and tbooneformerlyexhibitedbyBarnum.fortheirdeposi-Oho a n tsi today, Febrw vatrit"II totlAadar,tb/ uW a eBad desperadoca continued to arrive upon these shores; «J»*jmsJ OJUUfJ •!»11w-w \gBQCUalCoUW.oUAUWW1oaf/awtf ————— -- ,,*.mons from new texts, and preached himself 428—preached byhimalsoforothere,35discourses;numberofpages written,663;number of religous meetings attended, 1,042;did, that is, toko a general survey of ttieir wardrobe,themawaytightly,todafter anhourpassedtodiscrimi-eltoation to furnish an excellent natural drainage. TbositeofAnrartetotowerandflatter,buttbesoilMr. Mrxitoa, of Now Jersey, presented a petotenem- orratBg tbo privileges of colored Jocst preachers, waft_^-toi AnstrBltam Wc<mbm»Pplig*olmatevos.OB tbefourthdayofourjourneywonprairta ' itstbeTataoftoeapy •*", ta» "Sydney sn t_>ll-to- pe:e^oot<rtaisixteenv«its*OoUAftoea-StapeIVsaaftoJTomsss-P'*(tm D a Fe»ofl<—^aorocteriifwi of Western dtred qnite a delicacy by eoicurm. Tbo owl, restisossksAustralianmafl. Afteraamiofaboutsevenhoursupthe Gulf »f 8t Viaeest tfcto boat toochee the 8outb Australian •a*of telegrapbmtbo COMUng village of Glenelg.fromPlains— d Pnirie Dog Lily, 6c, do. tions are entirely dissimilar,thattheobjectsofthesssooiationareofalaos'iphiUB. Mostpersonstetondlngto tokosridsofseventoyssad Tbeexpresscompanyhasestablishedstationsatadll- Bioatteteaasteahadarrived. They•jofib*ttuacea.1therearetiroortare*}»i»g<:8ofoankreuyns, Tfci'•,'.<•*-,!gtmitemenwereelectedmemberso*the12,809 140,627 747,148 ».,27*JS 10,469 118,169 £70,120 l ^ W2,240 27,368 168,022 430AH ThewisdomofthechangemadebytbeGeneralftob rencsof1856toorderingthispapertobemade stncttyigotoThe token to question to aa elegant gold snoff bax.orstoda»^«Tof Upontbotapoftholidtoanoralcircleofdiamonds;andHolland.TheBibleaadotherreligiousbooks,terms.yn—, matter, t>olice repot ts. «cal polivicil summary, Execute t nrr.o • tte for the year:—Geo Opdyke, W S.IncreasePnrtomentary proceedings, public coajp»niee'reports, R. B Mr.u-n, I U.Uatsbail, .1I».P.Ugden, W.K.Obn will'IT commercial review, snipping news, and a Strong, too. 1' .OD«-Sr of other miscellaneous material which we pass tor tliMti i t.rts rr alerchants' Cleras' Savings Bank: —lieves,thaiaccordingtotheimPOrtanoeofanysubjectorcause, those wbo weie adherents and supporters of such Lake, for several yeara, being confident that banking the retail price for a drink te twenty-five cents, Itto an ex- child's paper te provea by the fact thai its crrentoto, would tbe more deeply interest thezsclves on Its behalf. was *b" most profitable business to anew country, had penrive luxury. which to 18*6 was reported at 114,692, reached a MAX-vondermaat. but to a now country like Australia, such sembly , and also a member of the Chamber of Com- denotes that the people mere, as they do here, merce, be wished to say that there were two bills before the hegtolature, at its late session, relating to a changein the boundary Unci oftheharbor. Onebeginningin Harlem river, between First and Third avenues,Intending to set the line back about thirty feet; the other begin-their excellent Secretary was an excellent one, and ought to inspire them with fresh vigor in to gool a cause. Their association had not only Uicen .p a broad field, but it hal determined opon traversmg theworld. (Hoar, hsar.) They bad no room for doubting in this respect, as tho pro- mite of God was " that they who sow to tears shall reap In joy," and the" bread cast upon the waters would aplmnccOlately among them, for they will not submit te ed man w as carried to Dr. Kennedy's office, where he attempts to express their pleasure by applause awl dictation, and receive assertions not supported b y the expired in about tea minutes, without uttering a word. made to portions of tbe ha!!. The ex President, we •1thattbepromshall keeppacewiththeprogress jmt tbo age.fasts as idle words.I bare metwith many Kaetorn menwin,withfairabilities, hare failed entirely at the West, because theydid not attend solely to their own business and waitpaHis body waa pierced with ten buckshot, and frightfully derstand, waa accompanied by the Hon. Mr. Haven,mutilated. UponthecommissionofthedeedRwfcerim. mediately lumped upon a horse which he had to readi- ness, and left tbecity. At first the excitement wasim- mense, but upon a knowledge of tbe fatta of the case, Im-Not only m this enterprise observable in the furnishing •< full reports of sverytbtog worthy of record, bat snob IMLS been tbe iaoreosed demand of the public for moretapers thai tbe MonUmj Herald has been compelled to trow on Yankee ingenuity and provide itself with one or ton's UofrtBteg presses, the first ever exported into tbesxmember ofCongress. Wewereinformed thatto* GSearon flllmore, one of the fathers of the MetasSt church, to a brother of ex President Fumore, tot tot not a delegate to tbe Beaeral Conference.agnmediumbetweentbefour cylinder, which isthe s-semsde,andtbetencylinder,whichtotboto lbs machine woo shipped from this city to H, 1859, arrived at Port Jackson on tbe 2d of De-communicationfromtheBostonBoard ofTrade relative toajointmemorialtoCongress,askingthepassageofa tew granting a drawback on tbe exportation of Manila cordage, and nothing bad been done. He thought the subject one of sufficient Importance to demand the promptChristian philanthropy wasproudof it. Inland,hefelt inclinedtoask,whoeverheardofsomuchgooddoneby GOsmall means u the report spoke of? And certainly he might confidently aver that it was not fire hundred dollars whnh did it, and that sum could not be Instrumental toconvertingandsavingsomany Thefruitsweretar away Irom them, but they were great and abundant in their results. He hoped next year, when their annualaffrays itcannotbedentedthattheretoastrongunderenrrto* feeling on this exciting topic, and the discussion is hawDr.Stone,tbeJudgeoftheMinors'Court,wbowas forwardtowithintenseinterest ThereareStrangte shot by Mr Bites, formerly a merchant of New York city, titans on either side, snd at there are able mm rawThere are several r J[ttsfoundatoldones, ound by aChinai—- -nothing to do,tbeTuron,andoneofSO71ounces, Mr.Wantonsmidthatif the Chamberwould taketheport the small population which th e discovery cf gold in rage of two hundred and twelve dollars each. Assuming the Rocky Mountains must necessarily place there. Cora tbe present population of tbe 8tate at four millionsvm msnoxAXT CAraa—oTaas—wo w *Tbe subjoined table, which we abstract from ••*__: sionary Report, just publtohed in she Attte AdmaW- shows tbe progress of this braach of Christian eaterp—tottieMethodtotchurchforthelastteayears— aaaarw. l0 _u»,wasputtooperationonthelSdiofJanuary,and attentionoftheChamber.egulaxly ministering to the waste and exciting tbeAfter some discussion, In which it was shown that.1NEW YORK>HERALD, SA TURDA Y....•»MAY 5, M60.-TMPLIBe v .7r e etoorie'elegTnph to ante • ' • o C **• • W - J ^ H. n<tr•!»*bam, Ira. aR., gtrwavrdu J . ROur Kftnsns Cmrr -V,. _ A. —-..— * *^£m£^•*w•sssofAaatratta,sad,judgingfromtbopapers.tyto maaifeoud a getting news there whlok prevails owowujOuraato,threeorfouroolttmn*betogoc-fctockorldge,SrS;£*£isttm,fjmium Ameottsfoftitssbo^-toe-dog city. It extended over nearly a mile sq inhabitantswerecountless. Prairiedon areabout the same size os a Squirrel, but much fatter, tod are consiComeerto fee.STBC1AI SJgpoBT FOB THl w—yp,THE AMMAN BAPTIST MARINERS' ASSOCIATION. '— • IThird D a y Pctitlaas—TMaII , . •ej^pBMB—,-,Space bee o f t h e R e v . D r . 11lac ox,A . Sttote.«spo_demce.„orrsn «nr,MarcJSB,ISM, *"******»,Vm•eBer-,Im^.wbicnaro'rcoAooWtooamaoato^ _ »stem of s largo dog. Thoy sro, bsworsr, aoroar —aa a— Kx-Preaident• » * to to wondered at, when tt Is taken into. j ^ t««ctoes wore performed, It wsstonae of twenty five miles apart along tho entire route, aadr*f«*aftbestmasteam ofowownMawYoaxwhichpouiitheuewetotasteatlyflaahedovera(fa tbroptecbaraotor;andalto,thatsincelteInanr<ofmttentosevennightsacrosstboPlainswouldretireearlyontbotbotriptoveryeasilymade,eonsidartegtbeconfinementdentialt,andwereadmittedtorrststo'atHBiiu>,e»4 awioodnrfully milesofwireUAdelaide, Melbourneand Sydney Tete- thiscityithasgrowngraduallytousefulness, ouoaghthe evening previous to starting. Snob, however, was of Umbo to a sitting posture farsuchalengOiof time. Bev. A.T,Palter was selected to representTitfcowsforatrashtoldtikefeatofAustralia,thatweadvertto(besubjecttoconveytoourreadersan graptosrosownearlycompletebetweenEnglandandprateeworthyexerttonaoftofoonders,and1 beginaottbocasewithmyself.PartingwitholdAftertbo10thofAprilnextcoacheswillleaveLsavan-tbeSlaveryCommitteeItisraidhetoa> tmoW fttendo, writing letters home, aad packing bag- worthandAtcbtoondairy,andthetimewilltorodftoed•tegtoasrumo a prominent position amrAt& oarother fromseventofivesays. Anowroadbasboonsurveyed, Tbe next bnatoms to order waaIhrproaialsito jpublic associations, which redounds must, to tbe credit of gage for a srj rnrn of s a uncertain period to tho which, leaving the Platte soar Fremont's Orchard, saves memorials and petitions, which occupied the wtote ef tomornirgoration. ^ JOBX T . Mm—ra, ot ""tanoH presentsB favor c f storing tbo Dtoetatoo ae m t oof too promts of a s»untry which, from hstoflndte,sndwilltoonbecompleted toAustralia,whichIsrtceptactewhoretto,prisontensesofIngtead beingrapidlyooveredwithlines. *»frwsr.mtotobtonto,hasteceme,Amoatdtogusttagessoofmaternalcriminalitybaaoc-allwhotakealivelyinterestlaitswelfs^MdaoooemwasfcurprtoedtoHadthatitwasafterthroetotbo SBtboPlatteabovetboOrchard.- to** u d tooae, a soaro* of curred at iliawarm A young woman named Sarah Sad- The sssombmgo was presided over b t Peter Balsa. Esq., Tho busl- Yisterday morning the rising s a displays! the white *ng before m y arrangements wore completed, capped tope of tbe Rocky Mountains to oar anxious eves, tto»seHh,w'__ a now being wafted oa every tor was delivered of a female chila la tbe bosb, sad, with whom, on tho platform, were &e other speakers, wes* of packing was tbo ment difficult, for tbo express and before noon wo wore safely dspostod ia tho etty oflsto tbo groat harbors of tbe world. OoJyo » » 'eavtog it there, it was nearly devoured alive by ants. Tis-Bev. Br. Hteooa, Beva A. r j . Burtogham, Joseph company only allows each passenger twenty Are pounds Denver, a town which dates Uatouimi) from the 2Cth of pacific aUovaaos to a preacher er hto fanSy. ft - _ totheeyeoftbevtotteraa-pertof Stmeragbadbeanstuffedmtotbomouthoftbesttteta- StockbridgoandIraR.Steward, tboattendance of la- lootMay,andyetatthepresenttonecontainsoverthree •eferredtotboCommitteeoaTemporalw be one w* theof the prerent decade By a ooaotaat tafiuxatfreeasMfratbmaaoaalpopulationbosgiveawayto jural tome and proportion*, white feeout- of «terprla» latotto outsat Btfonor,ss4 tbo lea-ure already mentioned. The child waa found alive, but diedtoonafterwards. Tbeunnaturalparentwa*com- mitted to take her trial tor this murder, and her mother committed for aidia g and abettiog.•'Wake tbe Song, the Song of„ jubilee," after which theBev.IraR.Btewardrea<*A«,e60thchapterofIsaiah. Prayer wao then devoir* * offered up by the Row. A. D. Gillette, D. D., after w h x h captain Friable, t b e efficient secretary o t too oootet'. , - _ m e report —1 erve a description of tbo day for another week, end close be Local Preachers' Convention, latelytoldto twenty five pounda of taggage. Yon would find tt neces- 1bio hurried tetter, which te penned motor otroamatoasto desiring tbe General Conference to make_weofs t o mines, have producedchanges tote •adeeoamorelal characterwhich,obeooroto She Giver of all flood lor the success that had crowned the eHurtsottbe.«wociaiion during tbopast year. It made special reO ,rence to the first Baptot Mission Qburch,referred te a special oommtttee of fire.a*est,erratheracotoMaatonof•beet*—»epeetelbono,* po rpeao of earrytag to tbe uttermost eado lAuetr ito—aewe up to tbo date of tbe steamBoothWaleswascelebratedonthe26thofJanuarytest In commenting upon tbe associations connected mrilh thiseffectstoilextendedoverthoseanowell aathetend;and althoughtto increasebadaotbeenoatargedosingthe test yeas, yet they had every reason to feel thankful for tbe btemtogo that had signalised the efforts of tho society. Following ton statistics: account or tbe missionary's la-bors , who stated tbe average attendance at Divine service onSabbathdaywasfivehundred,andonweekdays about slaty, while their evening meetings numbered fromtudetoresistthe temptation holdout byastogiedross coat, a few tasty veste, and one or two pairs of fashiona- ble pantaloons? Can yon forego the comforte ana luxu- ries of life, which your education and habits have induced yontoregardasmattersofnecessityr Ifso,yonoreIn-theyarehenceforthtobocalled,havingbeanconsoli-dated reosntiy, are located upon either silo of Cherrycrook, at to mouth, the South Platte forming their westernboundary. TbositeofDenverCitylaabeautifullyslopingplainkas,everythingrelatingtotherisesadarogresiof Methodist Episcopal church. Tbey desire totrails, hooka, medato a a d other relics at a museum, for the use of those who desire to write aof tbe church Tbe paper waa referred to _ t mtotee.Dr. FLOY, ofNew York, offeredamemoria.fremtat TraMSociety,requestingtheGeneralConferencetoaaa itadlscip)inai~rutetl_anannualcortecUontoalltoimai up to each church to aid of the parent society Tsspssr stated that during tbe test four years orer fifty bar , _ . lion of pages of tracts and team pubbeattons bad baa printedandcirculated,and$82/100wasraisedteranker the objects of the 8cctoty.When the Northwest Indiana Conference wan oalat a delegate laconically replied, "We came to pray to, aad not to, toe General Conference."REPORT O P T B E STTTTUT SCHOOL CHIOS.Bev. Dr. l i » . of the Providence Conference, nissstol areportandmemorialoftheBoardofManagersefBj SundaySchoolUnion, showing tbeoperationofthat8a ctety durtog tbe test tour yearn. We extract the foltovtoj. y do's departure, r*eaterartsa,r —.Aoxblblttng, to a remarkable degree, i mMbtttnt-. mand at tbo panitbaapteyedtogrameconomicalantp»ihttealexp»>iconspicaoue regtona had fallen out, and it was doomed to the protracted tor-The proceedings commenc 4 with tho choir singing wardrobe sad consideb how yon could get along wttb ttreet. But as the coach ie about to return, I must re-«oraadelasticitywmehharecharacter- ajor ana ewueny w w u amr e j u « « « i^ ^ ^ ^ ^^ npuitBM TBrtous emottoKs, but admi-rationwillpreponderate. Foryearsaoteaoofcoavicca fifteentofortyindividuals. Behadprepared816ser- deedastole. ButtbemajorityofmankindwoulddoasI whiebrequiresnograding,and•otthbfardtotenteatony. Weturna w At its top, in stmpte Gorman text,a sufficient in-water.•reate which have sprung up otooe 1880.Here too. the experiment of fror instttatlons, by which was laboring with great efficiency and success. The col- And then 7011 commence the work all over again; bat ft Denver or Auraria, aad will undoubtedly b e soon dottedtarn*nameinEngland,aswell knowntotbovotariesoftbe turf, baa toon formally opened, on which occasionskinpants,furcap,robes,to,wttbat leastnaifadozenflame colored flannel overshirte, and yon might consider©• saannot tot to 9trakw1ttthto feature te tbo oon- there waa aa inaugural dinner, with tbe usual following which had bee-A ee»bltshed to New York, and stated that yourself well rigged, and doubtless took decidedly wild as the revival w/bleb b a d commei'ted two years ag> stilleBto«oftbecountrytogtenetegthroughtboeotomosof of"loyalandpatriotictoasts." continued X'jreceive thegracious influences of Divine youcontemplatedyonrpersonal appearancetothegloss.mterosttng event, the Herald says —Looking at the present state of this country. aaa av uwrjectsoftheSociety, which wastermedtoISM to jnm. Bhew lte* stofor* to *"—***<»• aa tenmnto Tbe seventy second anniversary of tbo colony of New grace. Tb _. work wsa not only confined to home, but its But whoa It corns to packing np, would yon bare tbe forti- Denver City and Aurarte, or East and Wert Denver as purpose of rescuing, as far aa it can be."The Sydney «».— •-- rr~j,i V Q -,. but such is tbo amolwrating power of healthy labormd^ ^ ' . - > . tsocial ease, and 10 rapidly does tima destroy what m-jrali pastoral visits to the sick and others, 1,048; funoral ser- ticles which they consider actually iadespensable, pock being sandy there to no danger of the accumulation of was referred to a committee..* evidentlyoneof tbooldestnewspapers history—therecordsofanexperiment,tomanyrespects vicesperformed,40;letters received montntyfromthe exam*»OBV-*Uhougnbiitslast absentsailorbrethren,782;addressedmonthlytothem.aadtoothatcrtopairofsubstance,solidity anobleandsuccessful experiment--al thegreater same,412;number buptisod,75. Itnextreferredtothej*y which at onco indicates its lagtob forms toroateatog aad terrible—ai tost in •prosperous state of the mission to Sweden, which ceeded the prescribed weight b y at least fifty pounds. the west side of the Platte, to much higher than eitherWmtows an array*of adverttesmente. Wuat a She colonies are almost released from parenMI restraint, porteurs' report of New York was tbe next subjon refer- to a bottlers effort; you must have this article, and thatsadhavecoaosdedtothemtoofullestselfcontrol—to redto,whichwasofaverygratifyingnature:—Namberwhat a variety of sabjecte! On* would imagine now attracting the attention of all nations. W e have of pages or tracts distributed, 233,356; rcltgioui baoks cannot be dispensed with. Y ou are about to relinquishWithprivateresidences.Apart from tbe expense of terracing, It strikes me thatWsTW T o n Haa*u> had been adopted tn test, beie M'ueof those onuses ia operation which to older and nepers, 120,151: Bibles and Testaments, 401, visits the task in utter despair oa the truth slowly forces itselfmerely altered to suit the clraate. There tout triee are supposed to disturb the happiness of the made to seamen and others, 22,941; to boarding bouses upon your mind that twenty-five pounds of clothing will it would have been tbe beet location for the commercialpeople. We have no privileged aristocracy—no dominant and vessels, 5,811; persons induced to attend church, never -uulhee for a gentleman, and that the only aiterna or two of Wrths, deaths aad marriages, an- church-no poor tesrs—no tithes—no political exclusion- 8,082; number of prayer meetings held, 210; aomberof live to to pay tbe freight upon a good sized trunk, to adof excursions; ship advertisements, which no daamotteao in any form or shape, but such as inevita- conversions reported, 80, of which number 27 have at- dition to tho carpet bag over which you have so longmetropolis of the mountains.Denver and Aurarte contain about one hundred aadtoeatradewttbalmosteveryquarteroftbeglobe— blyarisefromtbovarietyofhumancharacterandfor- tachedthemselvestothechurch;numberofbacksliders beensweating. Andthistothoonlysensiblecourseto seventyfiveframebuildingsofgoodsizeandexcellentdagwhichwosooonecalling fora vessel to carry tune. Itistosuch a sphere that selfgovernmentbaa reclaimed,-24;tbenumber that h*lsignedthetempe- bepursued,fortheretosummeraswellaswinter lathe workmanship,fivebrickbuildings,andabout twohun- been committed to us in its amplest form. The Imperial rance pledeo was 24, whilst the association bad nobly mountains, and the gold mines extend through at leastftosingKong,China);"wants"withoutnumber,InterferencetoneverknownbuttocaseswheretheIm-suppliedJtl6vesselswithgoodstandardandotherworks,Avedtgrecaoflatitude. dredtoghoases,whichwereerectedinthefallof6»aadparagraphs:—*'tmrnas, raagteim, political and professional — - perial honor or interest are supposed to be concern© 1 &e., for reading matter. The number of langnagaa •pokea As one hundred thousand adventurous individuals are early to 59. Many of these log cabins have born aban- m, hectares on revivalo, addresses to Bab- InnotoneInstanceinathousand arewoconsciousofor bytheirconvertedsailors Inallparteoftheworldwas thmkingseriouslyofemigratingtothePeak,andastwenty doned andaredailygivingwaytosubstantial edifices.The amounts contributed to oar treasury by the *_• rentConferenoesareaafollows—mttx atbool cbildroa, an mritatioa to a public gtosUnr that amy to; tbo theatrical cards of twodo we realize tbe sopertatendsig power. It is thus theexperiment of ootfgOTerament. tried under the materialupwards of thirty; and thus they became Instr lmontol to extending tbe blessings of the Saviour's Kingdom, and of spreading His name to all parts of tbe earth. Particularthousand will certainly start, I deem it proper to dwell at seene length upon these little things, which, in reality, will be found to be matters of much importance. PeopleThey were mostly built in great haste, and, to use a West- ern descriptive phrase, have an '•intermission of at least five minutes between the logs," and are accordingly airyAmount received to 1*58 Amount received to 1*67 Amount receivedto1858 Amount received to 18*9TotalforfouryearaTotal for four years preceding 1E56HlAtl Jl ll^MB lljasij 12,7W »*47,AMM SUesllschool of arts, where the people may enjoy lbs «frefinement:anincipientOpera,daaotog , dining rooms where beds and meals are onlyno bigger than a mat's hand, to fast becoming a shadeuponthoheavens.Exceptingtheconvictpopulation,thelast year there bad seen only contributed $520 48. Y et gltmr€e at the adventirfera for tbe land of gold. Blankets,they were to no wise discouraged so toog as they robes and carpet bags Utter the sidewalk; they are tastilybadthepresenceofJehovah with them. They thrownintotheboat,togetherwiththemall,and wanted more colporteurs, wbo would enter zealously into moment* become precious. "Don't break that blanof enterprise and means. Therearefromfiftytoseventyfivehousesnowunderway, and a hundred more would be erected immediatelylows:—Amountdisbursedto18*0 Amcunt disbursed to 1857$11,4119 l*i»MI 12,0»I 13,8741tilfiHl37,*sMTi_iSJhtog-**ch,pawnbrokers,opthalnucinstitutions, .tore,andtbepeoplehaveobeyedtbosametewsofpro- yneat crabs—one of which has a prize of f 1,600 up, to be *grton, yielded to tbe advance of civilization and refine-wholandedtothousandsatthisport. Thereport,which evidentlyatonvirant.Tbeattentionofthecrowdtocalled wagesarethreedollarsaadahalftofourdollarsperday, was very voloniteouB, concluded with the following ap to tbe aforesaid, blanket, which upon examination is while lumber to worth sixty dollars per thousand and peal:—"Will yon, dear brethren to Christ, aid us to this found to contain a gallon jug. "1, Wei Doctor, you cer- rising daily. They are obliged to haul lumber from work to your prayers, sympathies sad money, to carry tainly have succeeded In smuggling a fair allowance of eighteen to twenty mites, which adds vastly to to coot.AmountdisbursedInI860Total disbursements for four yearaTotal disbursements for four years preceding—led ' far in January, 1M1, with aa invitation 00 SB tbo world to participate in the contest— aad ia s t jrt every style and sample of advertisement, rrem brokers, bankers, merchants, auottoneers, criskst- nrBTpbotographiste, pianoforte makers, milunors, gro-ment, and reaped tbe benefit whieb mom inevitably ac-ofwhicharefamiliartoourownreaders—fromeverybody, -tomet,dealingmtb««*artie'eswhichacommunitymom bare,aad which the circumstances of a comparatrvafy aoantry mte Australia, suddenly Hooded by an im -generallysubstantialarticlesuponsubjectsrelatingto tbo Sbat tbe operation of the Colonial tfiut in Sydney haswithwhichtheyhave commenced,wemusttooktoourdividualsatsuchamomentdisplaytheir real character,- andaslongasitremainstbecentreofcapitalandeon- expensesdaring tbe pastfour years have beento Thechoirthenperformed, ingood style,thofollowing theyareallsmilesand politeness,evince agreat regard tainstbelargeststocksofgoods,itwill be tbe commer- $1.(58 64,orabouttwo per cent of oar receipts. _immigration, reader imperatively necessary. along, w e cam* to the editorials, which a r eChamber of Commerce.The annual meeting of this Board was held on Thursday,tbe President, Peletiab Peril, Esq , to the chair. Theelectionofofficersbeingtbefirstbusinesstoorder. welfare of tho colony. From oae of these we ascertain the followteg gentlemen were elected for tho ensuing year —Pieeident, P. Perit; 1st Vice Pros-sent, Royal & Phelps; 2d Vice President, A. A. Low Secretary, J.ail old travellers.No 1—IheDoctor,afine,bale,pleasantlookingoldgen- locationoftherailroadshouldgiveoonaeother pointtheThe rollowirg statement from o u r last report steal oaatly illustrates tbe value and importance of our totptrveti to sucreesful ibat (be expediency of eaUoinhiogitheratVictoraand imneriaUsing tbecoin isbeing SmithHomans—allreelected.tleman,bad been adenizen of theplatesformany years, advantage. Butto that event thereto a sufficient con-and was engaged in the fretgbtiog business In addition centration of capital bore to construct a branch. Pro- to the Bandny school department of the church to to an excellent education, refined manners and purely perty to advancing daily, aad will undoubtedly double total number ot schools aided to 18M waa over IfiX moral principles, he pt«sessvd a good tompar and Sue in value to tbe course of a few months At the preaeot which to one seventh, or absut fourteen percent, of a" powers of observation. His experience In border time this city contains as orderly a population as can belire (nipplied blm with a fund or Interesting foundtotbewholeUnion. Theretobutlittlednnktogornarrative and valuable information, which enli- swearing, and, as a genera) thing, people attend to theirvened many an hour 01 our tedious trip.The PBSKIDBST returned his thanks to the Chamber for the nctor 'hey had again conferred upon him. He stated that tbe Chamber of Commerce wielded great influence both to tbe State and national councils, and he knew ofno better source for legislators to derive wisdom than ••Munt of gold roto teruid durtog the same tromtheintelig<neeandexperienceoftbemerchantsofNew Yo»k. Ihe President alfo stated that tbe property period was 274,000 sovereigns, be*ug an increase of beqm wbed by Mr Randall to Sailors' Snug Harbor bait41ftl«ouaceoovertheamountreceivedinacorrespond- beentoe"fast*b)juuiciousmanagementuntilItamount-IThe spiritual result of Sunday school tea-.mar I partial!} illustrated by the deugntfol fact that no to than £4,o39 conversions have been reported in the to four years from tbe schools in about two-thirds or aaTbo quantity of gold imported into iae Sydney branch of tbe royal mict fron the 1st of J»auaNo. 2 —A Kentucky druggtot, a regular six footer, w b obad a year ago relinquished bn peatal and mortar to bisauietarit, and made a visit of exploration to the mines, tbe public peace will undoubtedly be onfrequent, for tbe conferences. Had every conference made returns to17 W the 10th of Febrassy was £72,830. Taewas returning there to open a valuable claim. exampe set by several summary puniehmenta has No 3.—An old California miner, who to a single seasot proved salutary. Public worship is weU attended, and bad1cai>zedahandsomeamountofdustatthel'etk,waa arrant^-mentsare nowbeing mace fortheerectionofaumber would have been swelled, without do-tot, tt S least one hundred thousand.raoftsaasororasrmuvSCHOOLSTbe progress of the Sunday schools la the church tothefourjearspastisshownbythefollowing ftgurei:- OiBorrtSHd Potts School* teaeken. Scholar*. Lihrmtosvperlod to ISM. The quantity of goM dust rec«»ived SjemthegoldfluidsduritgthexMaofJanuvywaoed to *2 inO.Uli, and tbev were now enabled to support 412 ag»c u-ttMb in <<m,'ori The President of the dantir'i>s>jficxoChaiimanottheSailors'Snughar- bor Bo*1 o 01 '1'iiBieethaving gone to the mines, but immigrants are now arrtv- No. 4— A merchant of Denver, was bound thither tcg at tbe rate of about one hundred per week.circumstances hitherto the most favorable, Is to develop*itselftotheeyesofnations. Notthetoastimportantof referencewasmadetoBrotherMullersvand,who,from arcasweUdressedtoDenverCityaatheyareiaNewbanyan* of which announces tbe farewell engagement of gto)gr*atb-teheomodtea,Mr.JohnDrew,aadtbeothergovernmentinlteamplestconcessionconsecrateittotheasailorandwentbornetoSwedentopreachtohisownthemwillpurchasefineclothinghereatdoubleortreblemansions.Thestoresaretargeandspecious,wttbhighsgnoteal performances of the Mammoth North American aad mortgagees", musical notices, and miooellane- aimottwithoutend.Woseealsothattheyesteem of the world.Here, then, we nave another instance of a country,countrymen. He stated, In a tetter to the Secretary, that he had viaited thirty parishes, and repeatedly preached to congregation* numbering from 2,C0O to 3.000. One im- portantitemtothereportseemedtocauseregrettotbepriors.A few hours of troabled sleep, an early rise, the testcocktail to tbe States, an excellent breakfast at my hotel,ceilings and well finished, excellent pine lumber abound- ing in this region. Tbe Breadwell House to quite a large hotel,wellbuiltandbascomaboutfifteenthousanddol-our responsibilities to that we may by the success of self- a sense of deep conviction, relinquished his oeeapaoon as York, and if they bare not brought their wardrobe withwhich,likaourownOalifornla,andtosomerespects . depoto, whaaoo a circulated tho '• broad of Mo the old original thirteen colonies, from a cloudI^avenwcrth,andIrepairedtotheexpressotflee. Thereassociation, and which arose trom tbe fact that during the wss a large crowd collected to bid farewell, and teka- a lars, lte proprietor to an old Santa Fe trader and a man Our disbursements during the same period were mtoAFFAIRSINKANSAS.tore, or gray wolf, itortsf.yfifty yairds aad 00a- iry toros tooktog ani-on willing to meet aim sawtotogkiota, or prairto _ral ktetsTfcl UTIODKf CIlUllL vWEIBTCJ,andthen pick out,piece bypiece,certain littlear-nating,rejecting andselecting,find that theyhaveex-Highland,atown sitedirectlyoppositeDenverandonsameelementshave prevailedInAustraliawhichexisted thework,and moremissionaries topreachtotbesailors ket!" shouts an anxiouslooking individual, wbo was ifhands and[.materials could beobtained. Carpenters' Amountdisbursedto1858cruefrom*properlyappliedindustry,publicenterprise,forwardthisgreatundertaking?Willyouenableustomediumthistime,"criesafriend,andamidaheartyBythetotofAugustnexttherewillbeatleastfivehun- 1150subservience to tbe tews, and the maintenance of thosesocial and domestic restrictions which are the safeguardshasten the time when the abundance of the mm shall be laogh the passengers jump to, and the coach rattling along dred buildings here, and in a year's time I should not beconverted to (tod? ' Than thou sbalt oee aadflow to- the streets soon leaves the city and its denizens behind us. surprised to see a city containing from fifteen hundred to Increase over the four years preceding 1856. $13,1*11 gether, and thy heart shad fear and be enlarged, because Nobody ever took a seat In a stagecoach, oven for a two thousand houses. BCONOMT or o r a oraniTmira.ofeverycommunity. WehavethoughtYaukeedomwao theabundance of theseaBhallbecooverte1untothee— day'sjourneywithoutscrutinizing,quietly,indeed,butyet TbelocationofDenvertogoodasacentralpointonthe The economy with which our afoairs are menage •era,patentmedkinesand sewing machine men noons fast,butIfthepeopleofAustraliagoforwardatthespeed theforcesoftheGentilesshallcomeuntothee.'" carefully anoclosely,biscompanions6uvoyage. Few In- Plains,with reference to the different mining districta: willappearfromthefactthatour incidental or werkajlaurels____________appropriate ede,whichbadbeenspeciallypreparedfor the occasion:—Tbe way ot Godto to tbe sea; His grace now triumphs there;Like clouds, like doves, our snore tlee ToChristinhumbleprayer.Then raise tbe Bethel Hag 00 btgh— Raise it on sea and shore;Let its blue folds stream to the sky, Till Satan reigns no moreTheBethelSagmustbeuufurled On every ocran wave,And sailors teach the 'iecile world The power of Christ to aave.See, Tershieh ttips, and islands wait— They como trom >ar away,The? come and find our tb-tbel gate Stands open night and any.Tbepaganworld,withmonarchscrowned, Ttr kbucd&nce ol the aea,CXnveitstouhriet,willt«l>thesound Of uospe! juoilne.ThenwavetheBetheltl»gonhigh On ev< r> ht-athvn sl.'ore,Till all who dwell beneath ihe sky OarliooanaKingadort-fortheCOLL-fortoftheirneighbor,andarevery apttoin-dulge to a ton motto order tocreate a favorable lsapres-La—OUCar party was certainly a cosmopolitan one, for wc werecialcityofinto region. TheArkansasandFortLaramie trail passes along thePlatte on the opposite bank,and the town is the terminus of the express, and oae of the shortest snd most direct routes to the mountains. Hav log obtained the lead, it will naturally hold it unless tbebalanceofourincome basbeenexpended to thegrate tous circulation ofnearly 40,000 annual reports, and 1 making donations of beoaa to about 1 SCO new aad dsa tcte Sunday schools per annum to every portion of at church, at home and abroad.on his way here to set out a vegetable garden half way between thecttyandihemines—a speculation whichto bound to -be success! .1.two churchesBusti-essastpresentquiet, moat of theoldresidentsfor the ut'th time Hehadpurchased a large•tonk of goods, and as ht« sales had exceeded hto fondestanticipations, he was in excellent spirits. I faund himto be a well informed, reliable gentleman,and foranyindustriousmancandowellhere.capital companion. The whiskey sold here, being chiefly manufactured out No.6 Ayour.' manwhohadbeenmthe ofb<gbwines,broughtacrossthePlains,toveryInjurious empioy ofMessrs. Russell, Msjors k WaddeU,atSalt andhasalready counted itsvictims byhundreds. Asmum of 203,000 last year—an increase of nearly oae ass- L. (.'. B-'geti ra» e.ectefl Treasurer for the year, Mr. He felt rather surprised that the meeting was aot larger, made arrangements to establish a large house here in con- In all mining countries gambling te freely indulged In, dred thousand coptea te four veers—with every proaantRev. Dr Hiscox was thon called upon to address the OrflthFAtvnkling,F.SLathroo,HWBa-atow, meeting,lieetuiitwasantxiomthatwasgenerallybe-E. C. Bcge»t, 8. I> Babcock. F. A Conkltog.water. But now there loom sp four or fire solid Sillimsn having oecllnsd a re election. Mr. Joseph Pea- and that the church was not tilled; yet he could cot com- nection with beary cap'talate. but tbe "professional" bore have tod a bard winter, and of a still farther increase before the close of the eurrettuninteresting to anybody on this sive ol thebodywasplacedupontheMercantile library Committee plainonthesegrounds,astheirassociationwasyetyoung, No. 6—An old lilibuster, wbo had Suffered finditdifficult to obtain a game. Theywill,ofcourse, volume. matterwhichseemtoinwardlybeckonourinplaceofMr.Mills.ProsperM.Wetmorewaselectedalthoughithadeffectedgreatresults.Ho«ever,tothoeuntoldhardshipsopontheIsthmus,andwho,reaptheirshareoftbegoldenharvestduringthecomingThereportwaareferredtotheCommitteeoaBookCmTbeoccasionisadinnertoSirAlfredStephen, Chair-manoftbeComaitteeonArbitration,andJonathan retpecteItappearedtohimthatitwasdifferentinnature notwithstandrcg hisbttter experience, wasevidently summer. cornaadSundaySchools. whichcallstogethermanyofthedistinguishodBturgetsappointedamemberofthesamecommittee.fromwhatitwastoreligiousmatters.Forinstance,ifansfilibusterstill,cameouttosearchofadventures,which1JbeialgrantsofcitylotshavebeenmadebythoTownApetitionfromtheMissionarySocietywasrmd,eab>—atlemeo of the colony A line band is to attendance, tbe aceaatemed toasts are drunk, tbe usual after din- aareteqaencoensues,andword forword—vesbatimtt jgjMtisi, and very probably tt spdleratim—the faithfulrepester,wttb<hetimehonored interpolationnof"1m- o,cheers/ "enthustestla Applause, "tremendousbe.,has given the nature to the public.Mr (irnTKE, from the Committee on the Codification of eclipse of the sun or mcon took ptace, thousands would he to destined to find, and not to bis liking unless he con- Company for church, educational and hospital" purposes: gtetic of the Bev. Dr. Durbin, Secretary of the Board of MS theRevenue.Laws,reportedprogressand asked further bespectatorsonsuchoccasions;yettbecausetheywere trolshisquarrelsomedisposition. Naturally heisafine, groundforparksbasatoobeen reserved. sions,throughwboaenraloussndableeffortstbesocietyhattime. Onmotionthecommitteewereauthorizedtoemploysuch assistance as they might think proper to facilitate their investigationsDBXKLVGDura,from theCommitteeonTonnageDuties,advocatingthatevening,becausettdidnotbringtogether noblaheartedfellow,buthasbeenmintedandsadly Theprovisionalgovernmentgivesgeneralsatisfactionto prosperedgreatlyforthelasttanyears,aadaskingteaadensecongregationWasnotthelessgood. ItwasIden souredtotemper. thecommunity,andltejurisdictiontoconfinedtothe tiffed with all corte of rubbish, ana aimed at nothing re- These, with j oir correspondent, complete our number, maintenance of law and order, and legislation for neces- fined ; it labored and toiled amidst obscurity; neverthe- and will furnish a fair specimen of the character of the sary purposes. The Vigilance Associations are composed lessitwas layingthefoundationoftnatgreat structure prefer:denizensoftbeminingregions,fortheyaremain- oftheentirecommunity, andtheirverdictssignifiedby thatwould yetcommand thewmder andadmirationof lymenofexperienceandnerve. theunitedvoiceofallpresent. Asyetthey havecomtheConferencereappointDr.Durbmtothatreepoasto office.Ex President Fillmore, who resides at Buffalo, was at* rentdurtogthemorningsereioa.andshortly beforeto adiournmentDr. Carlton,of NewYork,moved thatStappointed at last meeting,also reported progressandasxed time for further consideration, stating that a bill the world. Yes, when ihetr work wa* out of sight thera ' It is a marked characteristic of Western men that they mitted no acts in which they were not fully justified b y Bsihop be requested to introduce Mr. Fillmore to the totj,wasnowbeforeCongressauthorizingtheStatetoimpose werefoundtewhands,indeed,toworkwiththem,and arequietandreserved.Blowintheexpressionofopinions, thefactsinthecase. which resolution waaunanhnooslyadopted. Tbe«To as who are in tbe habit of seeing whole pages of ex- and collect tonnage duties. tew hearts to sympathize with them: stiH, however, avoiding Intimate confidences and attending closely to On Friday morning, March 30. the community waaPresident was then conducted from tbefloorof the Mr F A CONKIMG stated that at the test meeting of be blessed 1 iod for the work their society bad done, was their own affairs. They ask. but few questions and avoid aroused by a report that John O'Neil, who resided In to tbe platform, where he was received by thetemporaneous effusions of a similar character deliveredShe night before reproduced to the Issue ef the next morn-Sag fresh from tbe speaker's brain, this is no cause for by tbe Harbor Commissioners. As a member of the As- little. The report which tlie meeitt.g hal heard read by enlarging open his own abilities and means, loses caste bled on Ferry street, the scene of the affray. Tbe wound- distinguished gentlemen waa so grattfyiag to than tothe Chamber a memorial w a s presented remonstrating against any change to the boundary lines as establisheddoing,andwasyetdfsiicdtoeffect,andtbeonlyregret which beftlton his own part was that he had donesoallpersoralities. Anyindividual whoindulgestoboast and bombast, who attempts to make an impression byAuraria,hadbeen shotbya mannamedJtonBooker, and the whole population of both towns was soon assem-Btebop (Wangh) and introduced to the Conference, Be delegates rose to their seats and the proasam of to)ning near Port Morris, entitled "An act to prevent ob-structions and encroachments to tho harbor," was Bigned pear after many rjays-'' That bread had boon scatteredby the GoTernor upon certain specified conditions, and over the deep ond mighty ocoaa, and the ministers or theamong them was one that no change should be made in Gospel were tearing upon the wings cf the wind, throughthe boundary lines without the consent and approval of the word preached U the thousands of mariners who tra the western shore of the Missouri brought us to Atchi- bad since boyhood lived to Milwaukee, where hto father, a were to favor of a new ruls on the H»tothe Pilot Commissioners. Under these considerations the verse the seas to every part of the world, the glad tidings bill became a law. of salvation to distant lands, and bringing sinners to Mr.PEABOHVcalledtheattentionoftheChambertothe Christ. EveryChristianshouldrejoiceinthesuccessson, whete our already overloaded coach was burdened retired merchant tailor of considerable wealth, still re- They were referred to the Committee onwith the additional weight of the Great Salt Lake mail. sides. He bas for years been considered one ot the mom which holds its first meeting this afternoon AtoaaS ItconsistedofeighteenheavyBASKS,whichwereplaced expertpugiliststotheWest,butwaaaviolentman,and the delegates have evincedagoodfeelingttaaashould Congress pcy proper attention to this matter,<Bof Australians generally. The enure com of American merchants would be able to export Manila meeting came round, the report would be far moreen-and erecting the press wsa $30,000« a variety of Yankee notions, more or less Im-eir character, in use in tbe coiony, and tbe Utoamadoof them la advertteemanu, b y •eat, stows tbo appreciation to which they or illustration of the foot that to havecordage and undersell any other nation to the world, the matter was referred to the Committee on Codification of tbe Revenue Laws.Mr. OTOYsn presented a resolution asking tho appoint ment of a committee to confer with the Quarantine Com- missioners sad tbo Governor of tbe State, to ascertain what steps toTe been taken to regard to quarantine « £ £ lations during the coming summer, and also what orovi-couraging than the present, and that tho heart of Christ- ian philanthropy would expand Itself more widely. T h e speaker then went into a lengthened detail of tbe charac- ter of sailors, and related some interesting anecdotes re- specting them, after which he expatiated on tbe reasons which caused many of them to enter upon such a life, s-ailors were frank a n d candid, and possessed of many excellenttraitsandqualities; andItwasonlywhenwe were treading the trackless deep that the finer toolings of tbe sailor could be tested and appreciated. He next en tared Into a lengthened epitome of tbe tomb treatment they often received from their superiors and taskmasters, and hoped the cay wao nigh at hand whoa those disabili- ties under which they labored would b o removed. H e concludedapowerful andpathetic appeal bycallingon the meeting to go on and prosper to the good work which they had so nobly begun, and God would bless them. Let them work on until their day of work was done, and many prayers would ascend to God and tbo Lamb on theirhehali.of the country are developed, result to disastrous failures. then inform you more fully aa to the location and wealth Ittoacitypopulation, andtherefore tbeTerritoryiaso ofthemines,ofwhiebIwillgiveafalldescriptiontomyon Revision to consider the expediency of this obsafa TbeConferenceadjourned, Dr.CCBETpronoenctof•*benediction.ttto proposed, durtog tbe session, that "popular fd;gkms services" shall be held to the ditferem oasrasj eachevening,tbosnggiatkiiihavingbeenmadethatto "representative strength of Methodism BOWores** here ought to leave a moral Impression on the waotowa muntty.' The movement was inaugurated test eraaaj by a sermon to Grace church by the Rev Mr. Thomas, •milyintoCircuititrequireoYankee sionshavebeenmadefortoecareofthesickandtheore.poor and tbo credit of lte merchants very limited.As the residents In this region must always be, ton groat extent, dependent upon other countries for their agriculturalsupplies.WesternKansasoffersafineroppor- tunity to agriculturiata to make fortunes than any othernext letter.The SavingsBanks—ReportoftTe Bank- i n g S u p e r i n t e n d e n t .In tbe sixty four savings institutions of this State, the aggregato savings deposits on the firm of January, 186a, were fifty-eight millions or dollars, owned by over twotaxis.a variety of msmatonaaoo items —tmors of new diggings, and of nug- A nugget of 24 ounces boa toeataction of property. vr*' Mr. PHKLPSthought that the quarantine matter wao one belonging to tbe national government, with which the State of New York and the Chamber of Commerce hadsection of country to tbe United States. For 176 mUmwen of the Missouri the tend can be tilled with profit,while for 4(0 miles further west, with tho exception of sfewspots,tttoabarrenplain, andalmostunabletosup- hundredaad seventythree thousand persons—an ave- Ca_ornto, 'd, at a place about twenty tire Quarantine matter in hand, and press it vigorously upon the attention o f Congress, t b e whole matter would b eby some personsmiles bayoad Hartley. a communication with England(against 8,097,394 to 18*0), it would appear that one per son out of every fifteen is a Savings Bank depositor. Ia fouryearatheincreaseofdepositsintbeState hasbeen>subjectoftelegraph dtotheAssembly There- basbeenveryfullydtonsto 1ofaspeedily and sattofactorUy disposed of. TheI_SB_TappointedMessrs.Opdyke,Phelps,Wet-more,Garland.andGandyouchcommittee.can be purchased on tbo Missouri river for thirty cento perbushel, while at Fort Kearny, tees than fifty miles from ter-ritorywhereiteonboraisedtoquiteasmuchadvantage,itBOWcommandstwodollarsperbushel,andtoveryscarce twenty-twomillionsofdollars,andtooaeyear(January,ofthis istbeuyoneaparo,onoadittoaMr.P.M.Wi-aoutcalledthoattentionoftheChamberRev.JOSKVH9Toci:BRn.c.snextaddressedthemeetingatthatprice.Onehundredmile*furtherwestittoworth185V,toJanuary,I860,)tenmillionsofdollars,oroverFromMay1,1849,toMay1,18*0 •M2llof i»,«36per edtothree years;thatthe tothebrllbnntdiplomaticsuccessof oneofitsmembers, laaveryuseful andeffective speech, during whichhe itto tosVto battheconcurrentofthoMr.Taw-sandBarrio,aadfeelinglyalludedtothocurrentmadesomegoodhumoredremarks.Heregrettedveryfrom four to five dollars, and the express company are now hauling it from Nebraska City to supply theirown stationswithfeedalongtholoute.twenty per cent—Deposited, year 18£9Withdrawn,year18*9Beeeived for interest, 1869.Total interest placedfto credit of depositors dur-18*0, " 18*1 1 $ M 2 ! leaf, «« 18*2 ^;l_ato.maebetopttoworkin euionyberequisitetopa^mgansotoef to' presto of topst oto1»,m*to^--T?mmrm V 5 - M S BAs there can now be no doubt about tbe existence ofgold to this region to inexhaustible quantities, and as theramast be a continuous and increasing demand for cereals, ittowellworththewhileofenterprisingfarmerstocon-aider these facts aad act upon them. But little of the 273.697.18*2toJan.1,18*3(1$«-*»)gftg* .lan. i.S ' !5« "IBS.is,,H\ UUtorln'ofchargos; rumorofhisdemise. Bospokeoftheobligationsthat muchthatthomeetingwaanotlarger*andthatthose thetetegrapbshall to themerchantsofthiscountrywere undertoMr.Harris, who had identified themselves with sne association$30.808,*81 23,308,109 3,019,9202,610,918 opennocounto,v line to described to Ydney to East Jama.1867..:•i _!... 9TM$»J.$M$$r«»1Foreignf w * 4848$,»»a v, tH!Jf3 »*' ,finedintboda*- of tho city, ore la 1•sat-• featuretowhichoarneigh-tboamysrofbraboodof tbomMropoltoof too 8 llman a that a refer*land ia entered, and good farms can therefore be obtained at tho government prices and on mom advantageousand alluded to tbo assistance b e rendered to Lord Elgin to enabling that nobleman to effect a treaty with China, to thai connection, Mr. Wetmore exhibited to the Chamber tbo elegant taOtHnrmtol recently presented to Mr Harris by the Queen of England, to token of her appreciation of bio em ment services to Lord Elgin.were not more energetic to Its program and advancement He defined at some length the import of tbe word " com- merce," and used It to good practical effect by showing that without the mariners to work the ship tbo great Christian countries of tbo world could never be brought so closely together, which enabled them to meet as neighbors. T oo principal aattma he referred to were America, England186$, 1866. "*_!»withia which to a crown of diamonds upon a blue ena- melled ground, tod, also to diamonds, ttto initials, Y. R. eictorut Begina) and T. H., so srrabgod that they seamt two initiate. Tbe toatlmoatol attracted much attea- <*—to men" there saaambterl, sad carious rotative to to supposed worth—itsthrough the instrumentality of their aoefety, tod made their way among the sailors, and tho happy result was that Utousanto of them bad boon oonfortoTto God. These ships atoo had thereby erected to them too stand- arc of the Cross of Christ, whicrr they bore orer tho bosom of tbe mighty ocean and planted It to toe far offvalley Forto f t b o Platte about Kearnsf, s a d thantwenty- struckire.Banks.Depotits. foreign$2,775,038 Msy/sw-Bl.. $*6,200IndianDommtk* _ * _ * __ __. to dollarsandcentobeingitschiefwarth islandsOftheseas. WhentheOcean wasraised inits to tbo wbtoarton spas of many of tbo merchant princes chain)tern fury, those sailors nobly braved toe storm.««18*8.. T7,4*718*4.. 76 907 186* 78,90©13,500 43 SCO 13,440 40,860 16,340 49,700 13.2*0 48 60010,9*9144$$I f f *SB_—Their mariners and sailors were noblo men, and such men were fit receptacles for the gospel ot Christ—ii could not And larger hearts to dwell la. Ho called upon thorn. theiefore, to persevere to this good work, aad a e wished thtm God's speed. After some other remarks t h e reve- rend gentleman resumed hto oeatThe Bev. IRAR STIWAKDnext addressed the meettnx in a ussiuland effective speech, after which a handsome collection wastakennp.Thanks havisg been voted the Chairman, tho Doxotogy">• I860.. 78,787 10,8*0 46X00 17,86*rrailnnatoadjoojaaantotto folio wing gentlemen were« 18*7.. 60,181 6,8*0$$,000 41 000 4*,76015 9:6M_J104$$11,09* $4? 19,875ia?_L?*fb*" QiUwC—'abar -Damns S.Bajaes,Mar J6,2000,6*0SrS'» Bates,Jr.,andFrancisB.ttm Board adjonrnwl.•• 18*8 < 18*9Total Appropriated forAmerican for pteinttff. ._ unlawful defendanta^desaurumnn<< Pr£**£«* «~s*aoctatloa;ta_ hL^K*1 .J Wtobto per- teto frem b t o t t o propw _ ^ ._, jBcee(whichtoour eevera! annual Cosferencessung, after which the meettoroke up.Untigb1800, tedutore for Foreign MtoBlime same. V tons...._,;'„'•&**tled Documentfc r PI_ffi_JT.TM9Bosky Mountains,occupiedthetimesofully that I adistaneeoffortyAvemites,andavoid!thehoarysandof baggage. Think of it, 70 fashionable Broadway prom- tboaaaad Inhabitants. Buildings sro rising to all direc- M. M—turr, of Cincinnati, submitted »t » bound from a aoout, probably wttb the view of suffocating It, bat thorn dies was very good. enadero sad frequenters of tbo Opera—look orer year tions, sad tbo carpenter's hammer can be beard oa every sgaiml ministerial appototaMBte; atoosary,notwithstandingtbofactthatyourwardrobewould fill several trunks to repletion, to purchase aa entire out- fit adapted to this now and almost undiscovered country,whichauksitdifficulttovrrtts. 1shalldobettortomy nextortbecetebrattoneftbeCentenaryatBmaadmsto1860. Tbey state thatevidence clearlythodtem had to origin in tbte country to 17gt h to- TattenaU's,aainstitutionmodelledafterthatofthe TbereportbeganyHhexpressingdevoutthankfulness towit:ahuntingcoat,<sportingboots,uncouthsheep- Denver*fidAworid—TheirLecationandBrnlding$Mc-tiently for tbe position, which, if they had not been over-pushing, they would certainly have attained Let these mediately abated, and in ten minutes time it was generallyThere were over fifty petitions handed in by tilifttowords of caution be borne In mind by all emigrants. conceded that O'Neil had mot with a deserved fats. Tbe1 the subject of slavery, tbe majority of stos onA ride of twenty fire miles among the bluffs which linodeceased was be.n in Rochester, State of New York, bathemisphereTbepressisa"sixcylinder,"factthatamonthbadelapsedsincethereceptionofthewhichwsaattendingtheoperationsoftheirooci3tv,andunderthebodyofthecoachandtotherearboot,causingbad,itteaffirmed,killedthroemeninaamanydifferenteachothersincethecommencementoftheprocess**Wo reached t h efive mites oast o ftoo floom natural road that was ever travelled. The country to perfectly flat and the road solid. Tbo soil te sandy, with a sbght mixture of clay, which renders it firm at ail seasons of tbe year. The valley of tbe Platte extends from five to fifteen miles to width, and te lined on both fides with sand hills which, rising to conical mounds, te tor sperm tbo balance of tbe c .untry. When tho winds are'high tbe sand from these hills sweeps across the val- ley, rendering a journey across the Plains very disagreea- ble. Tbo Plains are covered wttb buffalo gross—a abort sturdy grau,somowhm resembling blua grass, end very nutritive. It to laid to afford almost a s much nourish- mentasoats. TheretonoUmbertobefound alongtbe entire route; b u t nature bas fnrnttbed a wonderful provi- sion ft* fuel to tbo shape of buffalo chips, which cover the desert and bam easily.Betweea tbo Masouri aad Blue rivers tbe grass hasfairly started, aad weald, even BOW, unless checked b yfrost durtog the peat week, support cattle. But west ofthe Kiu.> river vegetation has not commenced, and as moatof the o'.d grass h a s been destroyed b y prarie fires formany mtleB back of the road, no old grass can be found__* ..._•No. of 1860Ds-van CAT, April 4, 1MB. ehtmiet'Wage*ScarcityofLtmktr—TheRu$kto Ou Bev.Mr.MABUV submitted amemorialefMitie$—Tke /'roeiivmoi Government—Murder of Johncan Methodist Historical 8octety, reques togO'JVesl-irto Physical Condition of Dr. Stmt, (As Duel and aid of tbo General Conference to tMot,6c, 6cown busmecs. As a disturbance to sure to tersataato to death, and aa tbe community is unhed to opinion aa to the necessity of maintaining order, tafringementa agatastThev.fatbertobeautifulandtheair,pureandbracing. No finer climate exists anywhere in the world, and tem- perate men are pictures of perfect health and prosperity—Returnsfcr1*59 Returns tcr 1K',6thevehicle to drag heavilybehind. Ourcoursethence wasduewest,throughthemostbeautifulandfertile prairies to the whole Union.Itto a singular fact that so little of tho Territory ofKansas has as vbt been cultivated. All who have farmed March, is still to a critical condition. I have seen him slavery debate will be memorable in tbe annals of * thereforfive3earsharemademoney,andposseosexcel- frequently,andentertainsomealighthopesofhtoreco churchsndofthecountry.lent improvements. There has been no failure In crops very, he having improved during the peat three days. Bev. Mr. Yorxc. ottered a resolution prevtdtof to ssin Iowa,Wisconsin andIllinois,and thesoiliseasily Theball entered htosice below tbehip,and passing rvev. m\r. IIKJU VHWIU * irmuuuu | •••, - tilled, and wondertuUy productive. But three fourths of through the urethra, went out on the other side of his ministers from the Methodist r^ptooopal church Set—aa the population of Kansas dreg outa miserable existence body. Itto afrightful wound, and a recovery will be a the Pro estant Methodtot church shall be received tt * to the tittle towns which have sprung up like miracle. same way that the Wesleyan Cjaaeotieci receive OW mushrooms, and most of necessity, unless the resources I shall leave for tbe tuountaina in a few days. and can mintotern Theresolutionwasreferredto the OsssaSatand Secretary of the Territory, to a duel on the 9th of tenting both rides of the question, It to certain that •>tog October, of year 18*918*0, 1858.. 18*7,1858, 18*9..Numbero finstitutions, 64;aumbero fthe following table shows the location of the savings in&titutions in the State, outside ef New York and Brook Total.1869,I860..Dmotmin.8.2M7,009 ll.tofi 4,638 3,087 -toT 1,«31MI7«6 1,210 734 dto 8*2 3Bt sett 136m_S8 its2131 5788,000 Apl.,'49-63.. 77.672 11,240 $9,00010 660nx* ft?2,081,190 1.73-2,688 1,190,819603,1*5 432,631 319,180 275,164 148,90* 1T4,*U 119,308•5.13S67,87263,198 21943$ 89,6*4 •1,190 91,841 9 ',241 8.012 1,768 2..140May, 61-52. . S9.0C0 Nov. -69-58.. 67,75011,200Increaseoverthefouryearapreceding1856. $9,om«tbe schools to the churchSPIRITUAL RSSI-L T&84,069104,159tortteas$898449107490 480490 176j7$9 aBdertbeesrsoftbo$5?borne work proper),from Stay,MfQ,te J « V ) M j f l j | World and fartosh atoosoaworthy of imitation by•on 00 receiver, nrv. &ft, &corked to tae Board bytheoonetitutw. mi^B £_toi emergencies; nor toetden— expesaws, asprai--.. oft_BSCJIi-x or ANOTED Cojmrr—Abraham N. Ungsbury,wbo was convicted a few years atooe ofVi_ expes* Tbe above appropriations So not toctode i n s " £ _ v tureoftheeonttagentfundof*i0,0OO ^'^^£-0Haiaey, of Ithaca, of some $10,000 or S12,000 worth ofwww.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetFurobbteg Generallton N13069ew Y 