 toe Unioa ticket from toe BMMALD to4*f, vti.To Offlu » am*-i since Fowier real life that the world has everJDaw CVXVALIES WEBS or mm BattrawtaLs. i/ur miBwarr and flinio—alii Mtasmtu^rarvthe Cowrier and Enquirer has beenfightingthebattles of the black republicans with more f*a\ •cretion. Four years a g o he declaredwas ready to shoulder his musket aadagainst the Southernfireeaters, This he adhcred to as lately as a year ago, when he talked about Southern <%olMei,"a&dTat Crannon*' GUhomaTos » BROOEXWBomlfcsoaaov. Pentameter BO enacted in this; toe 3W&tme, tw city OTat way we do taand fortune, and a highertbac any other Pity in the world. Bospoi ^^w^*rta^Uoloa*tiokot, which wffl be supported b y three fourths o f the legalnixed op witttfor ptosd«rlDg tte peopte of the7V*m* wfll always find HI opposed to rMceii-dyMdownifHuu, w%H>m springingnp—jgBoawHkshBo rdemocratic politicians,of beta. W o agreeufpBuij, toot oilwould "terminate their existence o n t h e g a l . »J We have printed this article elsewhere. bat toe -conservative-' members ofgmmmOBl • ^sr^wsusneJwrus'U^W#We think them no better then o wm mm ^^Ba^m^M w n * mmmj w ^ n w ^sssw^^^ ^wrridironrailroadrooty, It is said, hatwbo ere mixed ap with the ought to be rejected by loocell upon thecounty to throw overboard Dorey, Joneeto fifty years Tammany could not vote? For the Union. We can toko care of the Chevalier Webb'B party wfll read it atten- to got o p a *»«a<mtfirB Bell. Douglas and Breckinridge, tf we can save tively. Just now Webb is roaring "as gently as 0 a last resource to sell the State for the Union. Vote eariy. Call upon a sucking dove.' Last year he was a rampantbat nobody would pay for your neighbor to vote early; but bo sure yon Bon. Like Bottom, in the play, he has becomelobby broker, with otooosearldoilex in his breeches pocket, Juetuml to findof 1612 to vote to-day for Lincoln andtin. The veterans have toolively arecollection theirrightto vote. So if you, by reason ofjob. W o to expreoi hisof their sufferings in the last war. aad too great a love for the Union they then defended, to warn to provoke rebellion aad insurrection.iltoom or absence from town, have not boon re- gistered, loos no time to maktog toe proper affidavit before a Conunissioner of Deeds or o Notary Public On presentation of this affimercial relatione between the North and South.and the interests of both must suffer post re-demption, and that is what Uncaln's electionwill effect There hi no elans .more interestedvoting early, and calling upon your neighbor to do BO also: but be sure you vote early your- self.WAGON MAKERS.'—Mr. Seward told you the yourself.you vote early yourself.mWetee"m*"BFw^ g t s•BrnwO^^pp^p^Be^^eowoor inBmrnsxaomsv.BELL.—Forin the maintenance of peace and friendly feellng with the South than you. Do not support other night at Palace Garden that the wagonssold at the South wore ail made in the North;" i i • —nous ancestors had by force of anas won the freedom of toe black republicans and the corrupt Old their country, they, b y th e wisdom of thetr councils,Wigwam of Tammany HalL They are playing framed a constitution to ptusui ta that precious gift to their latest posterity. That eeaatitettoa dees not give toits enemies or you will ruin yourselves. Vote againstLincoln,then,atthepollstinsmorning,SewardiselectedtopowertodaytheSouthtogether. Vote early- Call upon your neigh- to interfere with slavery In the different States This, withotherrights,wasreservedbytheStates,andtheseand vote early.WHO H A S AN LYTERKSTThe four candidates for the Presidency are nowill be dissevered from the North, commercial relations between them will be ruined, and the Southern men wfll be very likely to make theiryourself.mercial revulsion or a dissolution of the Union. Either extreme is alike revolutionary andtobedreaded. OnNewYorkdependstheaet aside without failing in our duty te God, to our coon try, to our own honor, aad to posterity.Mr. 8. B CHJTTBSDKI was then introduced, and greeted With clapping of hands He said —Fellow cittsena and merchants of New York, I consented, two or three hours ago, to say a few words on this occasion. But Ispporhmlty to prepare for it, and I amdumb with the overwhelming lsaportaaoe which to this occasion. (Apptoose } Would to Godsm stood u my ptoce able to arouse you to an Instantaneous sadtosteahrtwfatohmaybenecessaryto m—iisnmaln with glory the gnat and important battle which is before us. To morrow the battle for which the people of this cooniry have been so long preparing is to be decided. We have, on the one hand, Uparty arming aad struggling with all theenergy of right ead honesty to elect Abraham Lincoln Preetaeat of the United States (Brett clapping of hands/—by all the just forms of the constltutioa tm the other aaal, w e have both the democratic parties—we havetheremainderofailtheotherpartiesthatever existed ootheearth,orthateverhadanexistencein this country. (Laughter) We hare them ail combined, aad struggling by every Bur, andby everydoubtfulamass, too to do whatf—to elect any man Prasi- dent o f t h e United States? (Cries o f " No, n o " ) No, they dare a e t snnneecw that a s their mtaattoa, they know they have not the power to do that Bet theyway.Extra Heavy All W ool IJSMH aBetoas,at McLAOOHLIKS,SO)Murray, Mew YorkLOW^sooTHiTOSTmi? **** **"" * * * Wn*v•awswai"—- —•AXDrsrroRTAMTWBTnrS FATBRT AMDTtksVSM tTMstTTTJSOaamgSl atObB Bxa^U.at gggmsma a gamsjan Oftr^rnimSaV BasnWl BaOaBV doee a red>al core for HeraavTa^ureor weikisw The}IN THEELECTION?—REWLSION OR DISUNION.—The black repub- licans are determined to force "the irrepressi- notwithstanding too great excitement which ble conflict" to the point of producing a com-fought and bled for i t and the least that their OPERA AND TBK.YTRK GotKa*—The prosperity sons can do is to vote for its support Be wideremembered that Nelson Taylor is toe anti- republican, anti-George Law, anti-ferry mo- nopolycandidatefortotedistrict, andthat John Duffy is being ran for the purpose o f so- curing the election of Mr. Wall, the republican candidate. Let all lovers of toe Union in thatdistricttakenotice,andgovernthemselves accordingly. Be sure to vote eariy.The tret etory of No. 44 West Forty *rst street was oc- famous for expressing their opletoas openly aad lnde •ondually on pollttoal questions; bat If saw w e n toof the metropolis will be seriously damaged ifLincoln is elected to-day, because its principalooarce of wealth, the Southern trade, wfll bocutoff. Without a rich population theatres cannotthrive,andtheOperabacomesanim-didnotprovidehimselfwithticketsyesterday.gets the honest Union ticket this morning, for the polling places wfll befloodedwith spurious ones. The best thing to do is to cut the ticket from the columns of the HERALD of this morn- ing. Vote that, and vote early.LINCOLN IS SORE TO BE DEFEATED.—The Su- Court has decided in the Dred Scott that negroes are not citizens of the United States. The Senate and House of Representa- tives i n Congress are both anti-Lincoln, and they open the electoral returns and count theing liberty to Europe, vote against right aad justiceathome,anddestroytheUnion?fourteenthousandnegrovotesinOhio,whichback of the store, was burnt out; the of h e r furniture w a s removed. T h e buildingand the Union men (war asssmmm) to such a sssdtasmaoy as that? (Cries of "Thai's i t / ' ) Am I only to be selected by those man who take the advice of the Charleston Mer-relish, the Opera and the drama vote against the sectional party of A b e Lincoln to-day. L ot the todies send their husbands, brothers, sons and lovers to the polk with the Union elec- toral ticket in their hands, and enjoin them by fey all moans to vote early.VOLUNTEERS AFTERDemocratic Volunteers were engaged yesterdayenrolling their vigilance committee, and pro- Company. The four horses in the stable were taken oat paring to watch the Wide Awakes in all the in safety. The oiigin of the tire is at present unknownOcr.LvsTrrrriONS—OtRThe Two Sicilies have just voted fornnion to Piedmont The spark of liberty andunionwhich they possess theygotfromtheNew World; and shall America, that is teach-Volunteers. In the meantime it wfll take aunder somewhat mysterious circumstances, died yester-day at the New York Daupjtsl from the eflectt of his injury Deceased,itwillberemembered,wasfoundlying heveinhim butdarenotmyHnoe.andthatrepublicanEXAMPLETO E C -Never! Then vote the Union ticket, and vote early,andtakeyourneighboralongwithyou*for much of your support upon strangers, andture bequeathed to them by their forefathers* particularly upon the Southerners, who visitUKIOK ABROAD AND UNION AT HOME.—Thereis a striking similarity in the duties in whichthe people of the United States and of the TwoSicilies are nowengaged. Theonearecalled you. ._____»_«-_—_ upon,atthemostsolemncrisisIntheirhistory,toperpetuatebytheirvotethe gloriousstruc-l e teveryattenddisinterestedness ofthe modern Washington.Inbothcoons "Union"isthewatchwordofallpatriotic citizens In both, w e trust, theirexertions wfll defeat the efforts of revolu- Vote early. tionists aad traitors. Vote early.inquest upon She body. Qeoeseed had sandy hair aad mocratto party. Fellow editssea, I say to youTAILORS!—TheabolitionagitationhasalreadydestroyedyourtradebycuttingofftheSouth- materialinterestsoftoeNorthandSouthrang-DsaawABS—CussEH,ROT.5,10B. sunwttlrtoe. (Applause) GentlemenI 73,60,20,S2,1,32,SO,11.10,34,74,55,37. yourattention,andgrnplacetoare of himself vole early.Vote againstScans SHIFTERS AND THEATRICAL MANAGERS.— icket and induce allthe tone in half ot the manufacturing establish- ments of this metropolitan city now, aad the only way to stop ittte to defeat Lincoln and too msjsfitpoj crusade against our SouthernuinsertuaaatosabtytahueDixienot Sk«eJfrom to keep Timaunj alive, tikv bisAll the old stagers, too, arena to bar asmfiiilims Even Elijahf l » 7your partewell.too for him; so the John Clancy, too. has gfven her up. She has nodeclared that they should b e "whipped into ofthemetropolis.Voteeariy. obedience"(totooNorth),badtheirloadersold War B o mthe net of this lobby broker, end whether Itwill be say just ground for banning him from Lot them vote to preserve the Union, not tooffice in the event of Linooln'r election and in- destroy i t Attention, veterans! Vote early. .davit, aad the testimony of a householder in mtaliBtlon.Butwkotoforw»ythecitizensofVotetheUnionticketandtakecarethatyourthewardwhereyonofferyourvote,toeIn Brooklyn may rote os to other osndidatea, lot friends and neighbors do the •pecton are bound to receive your ballot Votethem vote without fail against too block repub- Forward! to ptoome the country you. lican reYolutionary candidate for President so well demoded. Veto early, aad take your Vote early; coll your neighbor to vote early neighbor along with you.also; bat be sure to rote early yourself.early.———-——-——__THE CLOSING OF TUB STORES.—We yesterdayandsotheyare;butifthepartyofLincolnandThewholeofthiswfll gofortoeUnioncause. Nothing can prevent this if the electors go eariy tothepolls,and bring their neighbors along with them iawake to-day; vote eariy, and take your neigh- bor along with you.Loos TO YOUR TICKETS.—Let every one whowee occupied by seyera! tomlllee thetr trtfctet of fornltore were damaged by water; no insurance. The damageto this budding amounts to aboat S160 said to be iasored. ThefseeerystoreMo.1.406Broadway,cornerof KiatmgtheirobligationstothemsrtsisiitoofNew Kortyhrst street, is owned by C. Ptoth; stock sughtly da- k to consequence of the election of Lincoln (CriesK1W YMtK flttULD, fUISDAf, JfOVIMBiB 6, b?W-DOUGLAS,and wide; but the hat Is empty still. For the whom, Union elector of Mew York, do youTo dayfinish**her.Vote early.head thevote early yourself.To NoVREGISTEBED VOTERS.—The intent of the Registry law is simply to guard against fraud, not to prevent legal voters from exertingtranslated, but he still wears the bead of an am.DOWN WITH THE HELPER TREASON.—The blank republicans have circulated hundreds of thou- sands of Helper's handbook of treason, endors- ed by sixto eight black republican members of Congress. It depends upon the loyal and true men of Now York to atoptotetreasonable revo- lution. Y ou are one of them Go and voteearly,andcallyourneighbortovoteearlytoo; but be sure that yon vote early yourself.VOTE AGAINST NEGRO SUJTIUOE.—Don't for- get tovote"No"ontoequestionofnegrosuf- frage to-day. The fanatics in the interior will all vote to favor of it, aadtitthe city does not countupalargenegativevotetoeabolitionistsannounced that many of oar merchants intend-WHO ARE THE PANIC MAKERS?—The result of ed to close their stores. Since toon more have1 will have the balance of power in the State forSoofiMAXiBs: —A large portion of the shoes the election in Pennsylvania produced a panic resolved on the same thing. Their employes the future. Vote against extending the suffrage Pelatiah Perit,made a; the North are sold in the South; even in stocks in New York. The hope of carryingthe stores are supplied with Bullions upon mil- the State against Lincoln has stayed tine for a the constitution and the Union. This is as itto the nigger, and vote eariy. ——————————sOaster, k. A. Low,Merris Krtchum, Charles H Marshal! Moses H CrtaaeU,andthenegroworshipper? Brook upthecom- men of New York. Vote them down bycity gives thirty thousand majority against Lin trict will know how to vote. Vote early. Call coinhewfllbedefeated. Wecangivefifty uponyourneighbortovoteearly;butbesureMr. BALLATT*, oo taking the chair, said:—We have met ,nottoindulgetocaptiousortrrrtolcompiunta,not to giye utterance to the voice of faction, bat tar a higher, for a BOhtor purpose. To be called to preside orer such a meeting is an honor to b e highly appreciated b y any man for myself, 1 tender you my acknowledgmentsdoubt in a fever of excitement that morning as own wagons in future. A t all events, your to the issue of the election: but remember that business wfll boterriblydamaged. Don't forget they hare no more vital interest in the result this, when you go to the polls to-day, and vote than every citizen in the United States has. for the Union electoral ticket to defeat Lin-Every man, women.and child in the Union • coln. Vote early.deeply interested in the issue, which involves THAXESOTVIXG DAT.—The Governors of thetheir future prosperity, their means of living,different States have set apart the 29th day ofand the very existence of the country in which November as a time of thanksgiving for the IN THE UNION A S IT Is.—Remember that should vote early too; but be sure you vote eariytheir fortunes are cast L et every man who benefits of the peat year. L et no save the New York fall to-day, our next Presidential yourself.has a vote cast it against Lincoln, and for theUnion—againstdisorder,andthedestructionof thing moreforwhichtothankGod. Todo line. Voteearly. Galluponyourneighbortoall our commercial relations, and for letting too country go on in its prosperity. Vote theUnion electoral ticket, and vote early.that no man in Congress has ever done more in thisyoumustvoteearly,andtake yourneigh- voteearly;butbesureyouvoteearlyyourself. thesamelength of time for the commercial,bor along with you.IRISH AND GERMAN LABORERS:—If Lincoln isfacture of an article of luxury, the concomitant the labor of four million emancipated negroes.of wealth, and it is only in a prosperous com- His election is bat toe forerunner of on ulti- mercialcommunitythatyourtradeconflourish. matedissolutionoftoeUnion. TheNorthwillThe carriage making business has grown per be flooded with free negroes, and the labor of Imps more than any other, in proportion, in the the white man wfll be depreciated and de- cityofNewYorkwithinthepasttewyears, graded. Thinkofthis,andvotetheUnion andsimplybecauseourbusinessmenhave ticket Gotothepolls,everymanofyou,aad beengrowingrichandcouldaffordtokeep eastyourvotesagainstLincolnandabolition-carriages. But let the abolition sectional party ism. Vote early.toral tickets are the same as blanks. Vote carry. jTHE HOTEL KEEPERS AND GOVERNOR MOR-neighbor to vote early; but be sure you vote country. (Ctopping of hands) to there at present awfll therefore be enabled to devote one day tolions of shoes of Northern manufacture everyyear. If the abolition party of Lincoln sadSeward triumphs today, the Southern trade injourhandicraftbywhichyoulivewillbese-agriculture,realestate,wagesandeverythingriously damaged, if not ultimately destroyed. before i t The black republicans are th e true LINCOI A-.—All accounts agree toot if New York crats who wish a democrat elected in this dis- Timothy G. Churchill, S B. Wyckoff, Will you risk the bread you oat for the negro panic makers. Vote them down, then, work-while: but if the blank republieana triumph in New York to-day it wfll produce a panic that wfll carry down stocks, trade, manufactures,should be, and we trust that every store will be closed and thai everyelectorwillvoteearly. and take his neigh bor along with him.ADFSFERATK TRICK OF OLD TAMMANY.—Oldand scrutinize them carefully, take core that hepossibility.Lcoktoit,then,thatallyouwho bywaterinsuredMrs.Mayer,whotrredtotheof"Shame")Now,Iaskwhatbecomesofthefusdontotsgreat many votes to save the Union to-day. L e t votes. They will, of course, throw out the everybody vote quick, and vote early.oo the siaewalk to front of No. 4S Laurens street, bleed-ing froma woundin the stomachand to apartial stateof insensibility Whoa ooaveyed to the New York HOB pltalbytheEighthprecinctpolice,theinjuredmanre-'purposetovoteforthedemocraticparty.Aadwhy?ITHIRD CONGRESSIONALwiththe vote of NewJersey, Californiaand C.Matherhaswithdrawnandleftthe contestaTired loflimewtly to be able to tell his name and giro apartial(accouatof the mannerto wstah beoassetobewounded. He said thathehad beenshot by a negro,batwhothenegrowas,orwhattodtotheadray,bewasaaable to say. Be accounted tor hto inability torelate the particulars by saying that he was tough, but itto logical aad true. The republican partydrank at the time of the assault, bat the poUae have aa do not wish to abolish slavery. ("No. an") They HOME Idea that the deceased knew more than he wished to dis want peace, they waat to tot slavery alone.gives that State to the democrats, and which,i T JAMS* BVERDELL'S, S3Z BROADWAY,the whole South, defeats Lincoln, even if he gets the votes of all the other free States. But, never mind, make toe defeat a sure thing. Vote eariy, and take your neighbor along withanti-republicanVote for Benj. Wood.To MANAGERS OF THEATRES.—Yon dependnotified of the aiUir, aad Will hold an inquest upon the statedtohisspeechat Detroitthat -newand bodytoday.aad be votes the ssaasmuOto ticket hseaass he can in no otherwaykeepuptheagitation. Ifthe ssmsBistssue wed we have another tour y e a n of sectional agitation se- cured We have another four years of Southern menaces againstNorthernmsnhood Weban anotherfouryeanSHALLWEHAVETHEBen.-or 1837AGAINV— yonvoteearlyyourself. IfLincolniselectedweshallhavethegreat66,13,33,OS,42,31,73.12,21,22,§9,64,9. intotheirpeacefulchannels,asittoern custom for ready mode clothes, and bosthrownthousandsofyou oatof employmentIf Lincoln is elected to-day, the broad wfll botakenoutofthemouthsofyourchildren.The againsttheUnitedStatesBank,andendingas trade with the South wfll be entirely destroyed, that did in 1837, in universal bankruptcy and andthatisthemainstayofyouroccupation. ruin. Whichwfllyondo,gototoopollsorgoQo to the polls, then, in mam, at sunrise, and into bankruptcy ' To the polls by all means,vetotheUnionelectoralticket,whichyonwfll nodvoteearly,andcallyourneighbortovotelad to the columns of the HERALD. Vote to eariy also; bat be sure that you vote early an order from the South for a month. This isyourealves and your children, aad lotZ " , -..-J ggtalm,ed in hostility to each other, under the lead of selfishaadruthlesspoliticaldemagogues. This will produce an agitation and conflict like thatDal***-»tosswaaiT o STAGE BMTLOTESVote the Unionblack republicans carry toeNew York city rolls up the c*i business in this city will be ruined, and youMaw TOOK to THE RRSCCR.—AS goes theEmpire Stats so goes the Union. and the result toyourexampleIftoocustomers.Gotothepollsthen,anddoyourla tktt Stoat awsjanai on the majority for thepart towards i t T oto early, and ceil your neighbor to vote eariy too; but be sure that you vote early yourself.Gov. WISE READY FOR DOBoumov.--<*OT. Wiseappearstobecarryingallbeforehimhi Virginia,in favor ofthepolicyofSouthern resistancetoLincoln*election. Therecanbo no peace except with his defeat Vote eariy.wfll be thrown oat of empleyment Bo eariy atthepolk. Take your neighbor along with yon. Polls open at sunrise.f_THECCEsonVOTERS.—Theoneforvotersisandtheearlytormingofthe stoodbythepollsandseefairployfrommmt h eVote the Union ticket andvote it i coll on your neighbor to vote earlytoo; bat be sure and vote early yourself.thetrf i t _amepoUa. Let every voter be at his take your neighbor along with you.tosun.Nothinglikefairplay.Voteeariy »")Theretonotaleadingmaninitwhotoanabeiio rFROMBoTO Sex.—Lot goodaadtruemomTHE WIDEA W AKES.—Thewardsofthecityto-day,andwfll beabletokeep thisfightingportion of the black republi-can army within bounds at the polls. Let theThealarmOfOrefewtheThirddlsinetatabouttve by theburningofatarbarreliaCoroners' I n q o t i u .FAUI KasrLT o r A BBoosmo A n u i —Thomas Comaeothers be paid? Never, never. I toll them that not one of them will be able to collect thetr debts hitheSouth in thecase supposed,no man thantheblackestrepublicaninexistence /Apptoose.)I presume that when we b a n sleeted Mr. Lincoln. sad all endtesaent baa past, wo shall be surprised to Sad him so lommi states aad so papular with oar doutbera Weeds More than thw. I contend that Ota tisotton of Mr. Lincoln will send broadcast through the South that which wenot yet been able to accomplish, namely. Utarn of the republican party. (Applause.) It wttl b e found when Abraham Lincoln to President elect of this country, that there a n men a ll over Urn Saeah who beor send fore mho. 0)1A NDlatter beware or they may come in contactwith Marthal Farrell, toe Garibaldi of the ky, who was shot to Laurens street en Friday morning,DISTRICT.—Since John fairandsquareonebetweenBenj.Woodandam act tolling you aaythiag as hearsay, but I repeat thatthe high priest, t h e most sassonsatahed of all abolition -kdswhom it baa ever boonmyprivilegetohearapeak, sotoonlyatOnsi boldlyadoptsthisdoctrine Hesaystherepublicanpart? to pro slavery. aad he votes the democratic ticketto keep up the agitation, (laughter) Gentlemen, youWilliamson,to his duty, and not be misled by the tricksof the party spoilsmen. Vote early.joHjrsoir* owioir" W ASBIEO801C8 -WRDDIRO CARDS AST* stytoaBM"r*oujer?Tiojrs MAPS^W A M II h,ik.fjaataadwaatBoomaaa ImeaVA5AW BXrVJSBfa OOMJy LEJTIO^_lfOTICE.-rT M EArsXITEr>TBAT ALLOWBereton»QuickReMef;bysodome-the] toattendtotoasrtoatonwtotbastoma.AtwujdrenetaileRCfmOAjtranomalous combinations of citizens appear inForm Daowasn —The body of an unknown man, aboutTheotheroresummonedtoconfirmatthepollsthesolidaritywonforthembytheheroismand andservilewartotheSouth."Thisisanexact thereforebegi»eshisstrengthaadinfluencetothedeustothespringandfalloftheyear.IfLincoln should be elected all this Southern patronage wouldbo cutoff,aidyou would be ruined. Ponder well upon this matter, aad exert all your influence in favor of the Union ticket40yearsofage.wasfounddrownedatthefootofTenthstreet.Eastrrear,yesterday. C^onerSehirmerheldan ofdiscussionofthistonssssaOhtoconflictdoctrine,aadsimple, byone whoknows all about it It must be put down by the patriotic and national men of New York. Vote early, and call your neighbor to vote early too; but be sure thatglassandbrassbuttons,whiteshirtaadgraypants.•T t h etenet—WOOD, EDDY a CO, Maeaisfa of toe•HUWASB, aasrroexT aire niasonai STATS ; DaiAWiaae h m Cues SS7, ROT 6,prove it so Let Mr. Lisooln be tomorrow, aad the Irrepressible conflict which we have heard s o much will instantly We have been wrought up to a state ofIsTHENEGROEQUALTOTHEWHITEMAN?— Ctrcu^uwseatfreeofcharye,byaddihandtoaddressyou.Mr. W«.GearmMoras—Remember, voters, that you are called upon to decidethisquestion today. Letno oneover- look the box to receive the ticket for or againstWOOD. RDJJT S CO., WO Orto WOOD, EDO* * CO., hXUrmw of K. rrauM'tTammany, upon theIwithdrawal of Mr. Mather GeorgeOrtowotd, Jr. Robert H. MeOafdy,He willsharethetoteofiinahCharles K NEWYORKFIFTYTHOUSANDMAJORITYAGAINST defeatBenjaminWoodforCongress.Demo- Wm.MVermllye, DRandolphMartin,in the Third district has set up another man to, Gone to red Cornyn's soul, whi OnralktrkutotalSeidhthousand majority against him, hut to do it youmust vote eariy, and coil upon your neighborto vote eariy also. Be sure that you vote early tote day's nun be the sun of AusterlHz against tar sash ea evidence of year oonftdonce after ourgloNo FiouTTNu.—We hope and believe that,prevails among our people, there wfll bo nodisorder at the polls to-day. Lot us settle thegreat question decently and in order. Folk result As goes the Empire State so goes theopen at sunrise.Veto eariy.Union.PERHAPS OUR LAST PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION day. Vote early, and call your neighbor toUnionto-day,andthenweshallhavesome- electionmayextendonlytoMasonandDixon's HON. JOHN COCHRANE.—Voters,rememberDON'T SCRATCH THE TICKET.—Vote toe Unionticket so it stands. The law compete you to than John Cochrane. He 'is an honor to theCARRIAGEMAKERS!—Youlivebythemanu-electedto-dayyouwfllhavetocompetewithvotefor"thirtyfiveelectors.'Scratchedelec-citytoCongress.Voteearly.Calluponyourparty—theoalyoonservaUvepartynowexistingtothisTHE Sow OF ACSTEKI.ITZ.—Let the rising ofTHE FLOATING VOTE.—The floating vote ofNew York amounts to nearly fifty thousand. into each other's bands. L et them bo sunk the Congress or She Preeldent of the Ouited States powerNo.1,406wasnotdamaged:IttoownedbyFrederickKapp, and is insured for $1,300 In the Norwich Iasnraaee carry? Are my debts to be repudiated, and will all theOoowrr, CLASS sat. ROT. 5, max toerightoftheniggertovote,butrecordyour 70,20,32,m,22,61,57,35,11,46.16,23,42. bymaktogavoices against i t Do not give ten thousandOonsounssan Lomsr. CLASS188 ROT.6,MBS.32, 67,26,Be,9,S3,52,37,76.2,24,65,34.sent free of eharge. hy address**dressedyenla TMsmeethsubject, anto address crowdedI necgatoe toblack voters to the abolitionists.Vote early.No ORDERS FROM THE SOOTH.—We cannot giveyouworktoday,forwohavenotreceivedthe friendand ^eWamnee^rm^(. of the author ofCalluponyourneighbortovoteeariy;batbe sure you vote early yourself.Untitled DocumentJames Harper,WilliamTBrady, BcaryABarlawt, Hmunlivetoadforsordidgeldbortovoteearly;butbesureyouvoteeariyrightsweholdtobesacredandinywlable.andnottobe VoteeailjforHOLME,tat1Sot, then, that you do your duty to-passenger and emigrant interests of New Yorkeariy yourself.REMEHwmt THE TRJCKSTERS.—The friends ofmerchant, 1ask, orepared te enter upon his ordinary buGAN.—There can be no doubt that the hotel Lynch are engaged at trading off Judge Russel things as now exists (Ortosof - Mo;" "Thai's so.") keepersofthisStateknowhowtokeepatoadvancetoeclaimsofMr.LynchforRegisterIfmyexperienceaniohmsistlunareofanyaccount—Ifhotel. But Governor Morgan does not know howtokeepaState.Hisfluakeyawnwith Weed when toe Prince was in Albany has turned all the hotel keepers and their employesTheonlywaytosettlethatgentleman'shash Ihavelearnedanythingtatheworldthatbyeithermy erpertososoruhaeiislhai Issmdsaythatthtotoaqaee- istovoteforRusselandBreUnan.Voteearly. ttoawhichadmitsofargument Tohavetheelec- tionsenttothePsoasofstofsuaeuanmtwaswould he death and ileutienUen to all the nimmirclilCity lateilisj.triumph to-day, and there is an end to progressinacommercialdirection.Everythingwil WIDEAWARE.—Voteeariy!And,whatisagainsthimandhisparty.Hotelkeepers,goo'clockyesterdaymorningaErabrokeoutinthetheinfluencesoffearincontributingmoneytothedefeatbegin to go book, and what becomes of your trade? Go to the pel Is, then, and vote for the Union, for commerce and your own interests. Vote early.more, take your neighbor along with you. Oneday for the Union is the least that a citizen canto the polls eariy and vote for the Union, and take your neighbors along with you.hay loft or a frame stable rear of i * No. 1,406 Broad way. of Uaooto—I teU these geallemsn that the saercnants of which fronted on Forty first street. The ftaaws caught the South are not all dupes 1know that there are scoresgivetobiscountry!. Leteverymandohisduty by voting for the Union. Our fathers FIFTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.—Let it beaad hundreds of mursbssts at the South who desire the election of Lincoln for thw reason, thai they havebeen lrrlng under the name system of terrorism under whiahrun IK Waw FoBTT-nssT STSAXT —Shoriy before fourinterests of the city and of the whole country I here myself business relations in every State of the Onion, but I tell gentlemen who have been acting undertoe weather beards of the gaMe ead of a three storyframe dwelling boaae, No. 44 West Forty first street.The firemen in the unmedlate neighborhood were quickIyat work, aad saceeeded in saving the dwelling he—a. A it has been the eflorta or, lam sorry to say, a largeone stor; building, between the throe story building on of our mttoasa to place the motShata of Mew York Hto Broadway aad the stable, was pretty much destroyed. true that the merrihaato of aay country have evercupiedbyCharlesNagei.butchershopanadwelling;da- believethepapersoftheSouth,Ittoaaestablishedtruth sieged by water aboat OM. Insured tor S660 in the Ha that the merchants of our country ate always driven to BUton InsuranceCompany Theupperpertofthehoose vote according to the interests of their pocketsuchant in the city willing to eater upou hto ordinary burnof success (Voices—"No,"No") Is" there a meroar/, aad nve aay* ago the democratic papers copied aa article from the Charleston Mercury which baldly ohal iengedfand insisted on the merchants or the South n -eoctotm, organisattoaa aad meetings wfll be ssOhstod aad bald with impunityta •varySouthernSlateoftheUnion The only disunion man 1know has lately declared his nrmclose, and that the pica ol intoxication was only a sham ("Yes, that's s o " ) They insist upon it that slaveryto cmer up some misdeed Comassy, wh.. was a name of should be tot alone, aad they denounce aay man 447 Broadway. Bow loth. Ireland, aged 03 years, resided at No. 86 Laurens street, who does not let it alone (Applause) Now thisBLACK REIVBLICANISM DESCRIBED.—Seward aadhadtwostaterstiringinthiscity. ThefJbronerwas high priest of abolitionism knows this to betrue,theNorth, justifyingarmedinstigatorsofcivildescriptionof black republicanism,pureand whiskers,aad wasdressed magraycoloredrest,with here and before the country, that the result willstartedsea ofamatory,I meettco among (been John Joaaaua and George Gns •ata- lcomehereforthepurposeofassuringyouand SBwtajaaahearmSl PaBejfcWSBlmwpartywhich(Oresof"No") Thaitoatoo?atonSor (Otoeof"Itcannot be continued; and it tonsertat of Mr. Lincoln will toad to put It eesmamrstaltolareatoof the cowatry wttlpardon, tor IThe genbut "*t!**£?t££J jaeaasa **t »fme sadb y support *i honor thetr seas who a n smoag you to day^Otyasto! Coll upon your neighbor to vote early; but bo sure j ou rote early yourself.Umtot The aboliuooists, headed by Oerrtt Smith sad ffeadaU Phillips, go against u s , daaouaos a s , aad OiUThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 