 ielaB*u.ore,So-; SB©,Co.;(It-: a.in >*e atloriGt*Hif 8ia*idare o£iol- tl in : trieiturt.r ia-moaL tii-Swrt, akes ffHCh i, or § torHe the * IS-tors, iper- mak-td ECMlis of94isin* fee* rrice paid uaedStrait of Rassareo, as Harney County. This is the uty Secretary of State of Maine expresses the opinion the unwary. disputed territory claimed both by the United States that the law'in question has made no perceptible differ-and England. ence in the increase or diminution of the crime III. The Democratic Convention will be held on the The storm in Paget Sound and the Straits, on the of murder, and that a large majority of the peor 23d of April. Thus for nearly two months they will'tration, it Beems questionable whether the state of the Republican party, of which I am a warm advocatep. m. Baggage will also be forwarded, free of charse charities, especially to all needy literary brethren. The amount ^ • K e w - Y o r k Ceatral Railroad depot at Albany^1••;.•• niiiiiiif• <Sht-«•*«*y^«*+^. •:^s-«%-^ vIIII I,exceptbyalegislaiive W ««iWrNfc«tS»9Www i P S » 11 & *mfam* v$WmmmmMIr m*^jk<tym'(miJfV^t''' nottHnitfboWul4«rvthumtoQ&axtn&t^fmmtiM.that they amount to as rat*w«iSafe ?**-.* <J^Wb«theseabuses,!least wrfBcJent tt> justify the Sheriff in keeping hit Mexico, on crew saved,eolwdoff Tonala,would have bees ground ioo tempting to W» ircQ-«tored ndpMjg, narrow lhuiteticn- He rnout have overflowed ia»o comment. p*r*official counsel in the lobby all last Winter, to pre- anjtlrent an inquiry into that subject' We trust that fids Winter that influence will not be successful^ and we rely upon Mr. ConkfingCthe opj^b^nt of, imncceesary waste in public expenditHre>aJhd^nlr>Jaqnes, who is on the Judic^ry. Committee, to see that the matter is properly ventilated.••"A TIJEtGINIA OCTKA«E. ^pepuhlish elsewhere from a conespordent a jBjrraiive of the experience of a Baptist Beacon in Virginia, who was lately found guilty of ihe heinous crime of having an old co>y of The Alhamj Eveningr*-~ — I^nda^uffered severely, but interest -vvkWdri tTiAnu3W€'We nave toattwe, end crttidwn. Two volume* of tbe oaflbWied ««*% '0hmps0S^'' »z«, X btHevu, no f « advanced to owroplotwiK**, a*tt»«**js«ijr look io t*x> thrm before long. And with tb«»o twe, I f**, Off*-dod«ng tho reign of WillUm, and ushering u» over the thrpArf* ; of thai of Amwj, we mtxnt w«t content."- W e cheerfully comply with the request to 1% Sto following contradiction before the public: '.j,Journal somewhere about his premises. ,*JKeNrefer ahymeie** outrage now perpetrated upon mild, un-offending Christian men in the South, against whomn^t a word, or aD a;t, or a susp cion even, whichis amenable to criticism of any kini, in any quar-ter, is proved. Such acts exhibit an insanity in thepublic mind that is past all bound* of reasonablebelief. Are ihesc things done from fear, or forthe loce of outrage? W e are at a lossto know what feeling can prompt them.Virginia, under Governor Wise, has b^en professingan. earnest desire to encourage Northern emigrantsto come and settle on ber nnocenpied or worn-ouDenver were ^rmdoubtedly the leading candidates. his execution. TJUebillhas Wenj$ptoed\a the Judic- I The friends of Senator Gvnn favor Gov. Weller, as he, iary Committee, of wBicn the Hon. Anson Bingham ofthose directly interested in and to be benefited by But the spirit he evaded by permitting tho Cashier of " Papern which hWeopted Ihe c&arg*will please be Mifgoods all appointments to strengthen himself at Charleston, and endeavors to conciliate Mr. Pierce'ssloops and schooners trading on the Sound. with this practical abolition of the gallows. According their old party will have to return to it, or be left out British Columbia dates were to the 29th ult. to the theory of the-advocates of the death penalty the . in the eold. They will be terrified by dire tides of The Victoria newspapers are filled with political dis- Green Mountain State should be overrun with'mur-. ^hat the Republican Convention will do.. They willi " It is much to be regretted that the National Republican Com. etead of M. Ie Comte Walewski, whose resignation ia I mittee fcave selected BOlate a time aa June 13 for tho assembling acce jted.*°"VfSSTM" ^• 'TM»fll».withItnfa aCoB^«ioDontb/'JSn^ftho.oltoraof 1812. ir . _ > vi...Board?!to the State what Board may be empowered ' - -~A7Mi£W&8i>piimper,flaKR» ; ; ^^^|®^;p^werjcftttlands. Has she changed her policy 1 Is it now habited districts on the western side of the mountains.the jail, hidden from the gaze of ihat public for whose benefit they make an example of their trembling vic- tim. If it be good to take, the life of the murderer as an example and a timely. warning of the fate which will be meted out to other murderers, then manifestly the more public and imposing executions are made,her design to diive ou^ *UNorthern, men that haveibeen attracted timber of latr*, or to deter all fartheremigration ? Orm thing is certain, that whether iti>e designed or not, much results will inevitably follow tains is estimated at^ 20,000. i u ordinary Wintersever^sihee, quite unconvinced of its advisability. Oursuch unprovoked and abominable outrages as this to which we refer. If a Baptist Deacon, so entirely inoffensive as the man treated in the manner de- scribed by oar correspondent, cannot be toleratedia Virginia, who upon earth, amoDg the men offor the day named in the call. We trust, however, Lt n a t t n e Committee may even yet correct what we more and more regard as an obvious error, and issue its., supplementary call for'some time early in May.It seemed to be the general opinion of those who had Korthern birth and habits can be ? W e state the made explorations, that a general chain of gold and case purely with reference to Virginia's own inte- silver mines existed on the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada Mountains, from the Honey Lake region downLet us briefly state the reasons for this amendment: X*The Republican party has everything to gain and nothing to lose by a long continued and thorough dis-to advance the prospects of Hunter, in opposition to company with his wife and phyaician, started for that institution ; Wise's, in the approaching Charleston Convention. arrived at Utica, he expressed a desire to call upon Dr. Gray, with whom he was on terms of personal intimacy. Dr. Gray ad-—The Mobile Mercury learns that the health of ' viwd him that all he needed was rest and quiet, and proposed that Mr. Stallworth, the Representative in Congress from lie should remain for a time with him, at the same time givi»g khs> the Mobile District, has not only not improved, bat his and liia friends the encouraging assurance that he entertained o» disease has become quite alarming to his many friends. doubt of his speedy and complete restoration to health. Th*rests, and not in the light cast upon the transactions hf a contemplation of the common citizenship, which demands justice and protection of every Stateto the Colorados.• Two young men who recently went from Sacramentoto hunt in the vicinity of Humboldt Bay, were mur-cause Moses did, we are equally bound to enforce the same penalty against those guilty of idolatry, enticing to idolatry, intermarriage with idolatry, false prophecy, witchcraft, the consulting of witches, violation of thehears of a Republican turning back into Democracy. Wherever changes occur, they are in the other direc- tion. In order to render the whole country overwhelm- ingly Republican, we only need to disseminate correctand while on this duty attacked and killed fourteen ofthe Indians.3THE LATEST NEWS, Ortgon dates are to the 14th of December.father or mother, eating of blood, &c. , It is contendedby another class that society would be endangered by II. The comparatively recent date at which the Re-The Mercury ease: "No hope is now entertained by him or his friends that he can take his seat in Congress for a long time to come, and it was believed that he had determined upon tendering his resignation."—Crawford's bronze statue of George Mason wasFroBk WaalUngton. 8p«cU! Dl.patch to Tlw N. Y . Tribune.W ASHINGTON, Jan. 22,1860.ANOTHER BID FOR THE SOUTH.Mx. Douglas's demonstration to-morrow" on the proposed bill protecting States against invasion, is intended as a bid for the South, but will fail in its object. His whole strength at Charleston will be cast on the first ballot, and according to information laere will fall below ninety votes. A few scattering delegates from the South who prefer him, will beoverruled by the action of their delegations, and be made to vote solidi "Unless Maryland sends Doug- las men, he will have ho Southern support in the Convention.THE ILLINOIS MARSHALSHII*.The Mashalship of Illinois is still in the market fend much sought for. When Judge Breese de- clined he urged the appointment of Mr. Snell, whoof gold duet from' some new mines on Caval River, ignore the fact that a number of our sister States havewhich are believed to be as far north as the British ceaEed te put murderers to death, and that the horri- _t otry, of long habit, of attachment to a party name, and opinions on government had all the force and dignity1being a Northern man, can, after his election, nT*Kp Rensfelaer, one of the; most sound and clear-headed probably favor Senator Gvrin's electiou in 1861 than lawyers of the Assembly, is Chairman. I am inclinedcould a Southern man. Gov. Latham, a Northern to think that the Committers'will report in favor of theman, favors the election of Gen. Denver, a Southern HR11.'•' As to its probable fate in the Honse I have noman, in order to make it necessary that there should meam> of judging atpjresent. This is a subject whichbe a Northern successor to Senator Gwin. The Legist ought to receive the carefulj candid, serious consider-the dontemphuted change. It may be well for somewo:V;lqfik.* Sjf<8From Our Ovn» Exporter.ALBANT, Saturday, Jan. 21, I860.ABOLITION OF CAPITAL I'UNISHMKNT.Mr. Powell of Ontario has introduced a bill into thelected for^uch responsible positfone, and in my hum- no idea that the ICseissippi blacksI hie opimSH^no individual who interests' himself in the of their * bonds' asthe Misrisftippi wMteaprosperfyof the Canals would for a moment hesitate [to decide which is the more appropriate appointment, I do a iew y«ars ago<noon."Dr. Jone» pre»ent« hia compliment* to the Editor dMfjWP f from the let District of Delaware. The election[$».-&-: Tmratrinc, and b*g»W w to attte that tbe cbarfco naade..^filmtt.;.*\S-G l M d ea e i ,>TB BroContractingIt is immaterial |-*rr'reign ©Y W*»&&&i?**^" * ** & ^*»d« »»,.reformIiaw ofv 1857 was.K E ra Tfora 'ftldZfc^i' S^ai atP... report from the*rat , and^ne^aracTOtotal lo**' SuffeloVSavings Befekgtof sifmoneys^if-any, deposited to appoint, officers for the superintendence of " break the' bonds <>fthe f ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ - m n v . andbi*8tioug low of tb« writ©TM of that ago, fof afcy abktft^e-wasj^The English brig Minaanai Elizabeth, there by any partieaconhected with^SmVinteS States repairs en ihe Canals, but it is' of material imports :The California news is quite interesting.rrMr.vELISWORTrl ^mb^edLanda^euff District Court for the Northern District, ancLwhether ancethatpractical and competent men should be 8e «ipon T7ieLov7S7^rJourn^'tii^a^0i^A^tfra* of tlie Overland^ Mail.»Y'SSTATION, Saturday, Jan. 21, I860. d-Mau coach, with San Francisco dates 30th ult., 'reached this point this after-fcat of a so-called Superintendent or of an experienced J Civil l&ngineer. It is the intentionof those in the Third House who are particularly zealous in procuring thetransfer fi power not to be limited by the advantagesGovernor Morgan has issued his calling a epeeial election toSlf the vacancy the death of Donald D. Shaw, memberlature stands politically as follows: Democrats,93; Anu-Lecomptonitcs. 8; Republicans, 3, and 1 Old-Line Whig. •. „The people of Placeryille are taking stepB to build a railroad from that •towns to Folsom, to ^connect there with the Sacramento Valley Road.A fire at Poker's Flat, a town in Sierra County, on the 21st, destroyed .property valued at over $20,000.Tbe latest accounts from Carson Valley represent the enow as being from three to five feet deep in the in-NATIONAL REPUBLICAN TION.assistance thus rendered; but the Goverment WJsnotthe loser—the cats and dogs left in place of the 8°^ Representatives granting a p « l & i o ^ v ^ J f ^ | ^ ^ m ^ ,*Mining operations were suspended.The stock in Honey Valley was starving in largeold Federalifct and tyrant has but one more Annual vocacy of this late date, hut were then, and have been Message to in&ult the intelligence of the country with."numbers. Hay was worth $150 a tun. The number of cattle wintering in the vallevs east of the moun-own" opinion favored a day at least one month earlier; and the more people who maybe gathered to witness - but the Committee was nearlyunanimous in its decision—The Democratic State Convention at Nasjiville, Tenn., has nominated Senator Johnson of thatl State for President, subject to the decision of the National Convention. The delegates selected for tho S^ate at large are Langdon C. Haynes and N. C. Whitthorne. The other delegates are Andrew E wing, Samuel Mal- lagan, Wm. M. Quarles, and J. C. Atkins.—The Petersburg (Va.) Intelligencer sayBthat. Gov.Letcher will use all bis personal and official influencestock havothriven well there..The Indians were Buffering terribly, and lately weredying from cold and starvation.The principal occupation of the miners, in conse-quence of the severity of the weather, appeared to be speculating in mining' claims, which were selhni' all the way from $8,000 to $50,000 each.them, the better for society. To those who urge capi-tal punichment as a Divine command founded on theMosaic Code, it ought to be aTosu"tfhfiocsien*twhroe'pulyrgteocasnaly-that not one of these gentlemen would be w'illing toaccept that cocie in its entirety. Yet, if it were of Di-vine origin, and intended for all time and all conditionsof society and civilization—as the advocates of the gal-lows mufct contend in order to give it any force as anauthority or argument—who shall presume to accept aportion and reject another portion of that Divine law ? cussion of the issues before the country. No one ever If we must .^nforco capital punishment for murder be-jEriends, whom he Thsultingly removed, by plausible cussions, of only local interest. derers, while the fact is notorkrSJsly OtherwiseOvertures. Hence the recent offer of the Treasury- Ship to ex-0ov. Thomas of Maryland, who promptly spurned the bnbf.THE SENA TE PRINTING.proaching legislative election.The mining districts were still frozen up, and minerswere at a stand still.A good deal of building was going on at Victoria, an \a large immigration was expected .in the Spring;of tte National Convention. Very much dissatisfaction exists " ABT. n . M. Baroche, President of the Council of ished capital punishment, and the highest au- they will have to sacrifice all their old preferences, and here in consequence. Tlie Republicans of Connecticut,'generally, State, will act ad interim as SGnister for Foreign Af-Coal is unsettled, with a sale of 300 tuns of Sidney, from second hands, at a decline of $2 per tun. Can- scenes of disorder in the House, to elect a Chair- dles and coffee are quiet; stock of the latter, 52,000 pounds. Fifty tuns Eglantine pig iron sold at $32 per tun. In raw sugars there is nothing doing; 3,000 bbls. of crushed sold at lie. Provisions are dull and un- changed, with sales of mess pork at $15, and beef atPERSONAL.»In tteamthip Africa, from Liverpool—Mr. Peacock,- MIM A- Johnson, MisssM. Johnson, Mr. Julius Van Delft, a,- uuThere is some disposition, in consequence of theduring breeding season.'Mr. Collins—To incorporate the South-western and headed canes will be indignant, and desert us, shouldMrs. Van De'.ft. Mrs. M. D. Van Delft, J. A. Bliss. John Sykes, jr., Robertman until a Speaker can be chosen, with power to enforce the rules. Mr. Adams, the ex-President, *ras similarly elected twenty years ago.T H E ORGANIZA TION.A number of large capitalists and leading busi- u ^ i men of New-York axe now here, urging an organization, and expressing tbe desire for Mr. Sherman's election.THE'MEXICAN TREATY.The lobby has been reenforced by important ac Sessions from New-YoTk, with persuasive influ- ences, to press the Mexican treaty through the Senate.$13 50 per barrel.Four hundred cases of J. H-«»"<* andLand Company.Brooklyn. . _Mr. Varian—For railroads in certain streets m New-:-' • ••.and dexterity.V. Another objection to a late day for holding theConvention is that it will give to the friends of our va-iehed history of England:" It was very characteristic of tbe Mocaulay family that the tidings of Lord Macaulay's death should have reached the public ear so slowly and circuitously. , AH courting of publicity, all crav-Mr. Swainwick. E. C. Hall, J. C. Bany. R. F. GilL Wm. H. Freawell, Joseph Ayres, Robert Lawson. Thomas Brittan, Mx. Cochrane D. A . Sidney, J.Northon. BL B.Goodwin, J. Patrick, Robt. Slimou, Jas. McCreery, D. G. Bowman, E. Wallack, R«~ zer Ferdmant, Barthelomi CnarlasLJohu Ferrier, John Pearson, Samuel Brown, Mrs. Brker, James Walker, Arthur Lepper, Mrs.T o ta« AssociatedTivm.porters of our candidate immediately upon his nomina-ever met, impressed me with the notion of a memory of peer-WASHINGTON, Saturday, Jan. 21, 1860. Richard Eealf, who reached Washington on Thurs- day nigbt with doorkeeper Jones of the Semite, was this morning examined by the Harper's Ferry SpecialCommittee. He is reported as highly edacated- Arrangements have been made for executing the £enate and Executive Printing at Rivos's Globe Office."WASHINGTON, Jan. 22, 1860. Official dispatches ba-ve been received from Vera Cruz confirming the newspaper accounts of victoriesfor the Liberals.The advices received there from England favorableto the recognition of the Juarez Government, which is expected soon w> take place, have, together with Presi- dent Buchanan's recommendation relative to Mexican attairs, hightened the hopes of the Liberals of complete ancc ss, and produced a corresponding depression Snva< the Reactionists. The Mexican Cabinet, how- ever, do not think Jt will become necessary to call for the aid of American troops in the contingency sug- gested by Mr. Buchanan.A number of military men have written to Wash- ington as to the truth "of the report that the Juarez Government has invited" volunteers from the United States but there is no official or any other authority to BxuAaink, nor would they be accepted without the concurrence of OUT Government. The armeU men •Whohave gone,andothers who are preparing togo Bouth may have other schemes in view or be in ex- pectation of a call for their services in Mexico.A* the protest of Mr. McLane against the Tacubava massacre met with no response from Miramon, so the protest of the latter against the recognition of the Juarez Government will receive no official notice from our own.The official advkes from Vera Cruz mention nothing about the coming of the French and Spanish fleets. JLooking to the present unsettled condition of Europe,-no interference from that quarter is appreaended. As the report emanated from the French legation, as did tbe former one, it is looked upon here as a part of the policy of Gabriac, (the French, minister), to encourage.she reactionists at the expense of the liberals.A curious state of anairs in the City of Mexico is noticed. Formerly only prominent liberals were in prison there, but now .ultra-reactionists are shnilarlypunished, owing to their respective political opinions. Tbe Postma»ter-GeneTal has issued an order to post- masters in California to transmit overland all lettersJ > e a t b ' o f C a p t . N o y e s .BOSTON, Saturday, Jan. 21, 1860. Board. Since the year 185 i, the constant aim of thetion. H our management be judicious, we may leas accuracy, the stores of which were used with an unfailing and a vestige of clothing remained. Her eyes were burnedreckon upon the adherence of the People's Party of disciplined energy of mind, manifested especially in the force and out, and her face so badly disfigured as to render iden-Pennsylvania and New-Jersey., the American Party of finish of the speaker's language. Ail Macaulay's conversation tification impossible. Officer Halstead of the Eighthwould admit of being put in print, just as it was spoken. ThereMaryland and Delaware, the Free-Soil Party of Mis- was nothing unfinished, slipshod, hesitatingly, or half expressed. Precinct, hearing the outcry, hastened to the spot aadsouri, the Anti-Lecomptonites of many of the States, Tho sentences were flung before you with an irrepressioie buoy- did all in his powei* to alleviate the sufferings of and various classes formerly belonging to our oppo- ancy and forcefulness of utterance, complete, clear cut, well the poor woman. She was conveyed to the Hospitalrounded, and well linked to each other. And yet there was noth-nents, in every section. But the union of all sheee or- ing Johnsonian, nothing pompous, sesquipedalian, or pedantic in in a dying condition. It was stated that her hus-ganizations will be effected only by consultation and the phraseology. - And as the manner so was the matter—pleasant, band went out about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, leav-potmarkedwiththewords"bysteamer."ToorAnti-Rentcasei*werebased,jfrom8cLcnisandMemphisthesemi-weeklylines,and ISfw-Orieaaa by way of S*n Antonio, which is weekly, the postage is three cents on a single letter, the dis- tances between theee pouits being under three thousand ptite*.TkeNev-OrlcaniB Picayune of Tuesday last learns &0tt The GtUvuton *V«««that Cortinaa has recrotwedentsinlieuofcapableEngineers. UndertheoldsyB-tem of superintendence, the yearly costs became BOenormous that various means were devised,to remedythe evil and reduce such lavish 'expenditures, it beingself-evidentthatfullone-halfoftheoutlaywasinjudi- call. WillnotourCommitteebepersuadedtoreas- S S i J h0pe' }*«'«y *•utmostrangehegaveWmoSfC.lard,by the J .W .Paine, soldat 13c.York. Mr.^ »Pouticians had begun to gather at Sacramento in Awembly for the' abolition of capital punishment, or thereby jacfedhedj their subsequent intent on being tolarge quantities, preparatory to the meeting of the rather-a bill to alter the law in regard to capital reinstate the original leeches and State robbers who inbe held on Tuesday, Feb. 7.—Ex-Po&tmaster Bick'ie of KenTalp is at Albany to answer a charge of violating the Sab-Treasurjr act. Itisaueged that while he was Postmaster he kejpt his Sub-Treasury in the d i v e r Lee Bank, and that jdafiy he duly locked up the specie receipts of his office—sohira by the {few-Yorkcorw>n>ondei>t of The MobiU R*gi*H&iSg*-;• copied into T a x TKIBCWK of the 2i«t inrt., of being the iiiXmWm': ' Helpw** Impending Cri*u, U an unprovoked, tmmiUgatod, *»£' HbolotalaUebooa. -£<*•'ItJ*n«»a3ewtoBdd,i»ofarw those wbo know him aieOMtf"; ccroed, that b* o<t«rly repudiates the doctrines of that book, aad ia tbe antipode* of Abolitionism in all i u forms and pba***.Legislature on the 2d of January. ^offenses. MrvPowell's bill ie substantially that of theGov. Weller'e last annual Message would probably Astute of theStat^of Maine oh the same subject. It provides that no person convicted of «*_capital offensebe delivered on the 3d of Jt^pary,' m& Mr. Latham, shall be executed until the expiration of one year fromthe Governor elect, would not be inauirarated until i?nettime of such conviction, and* not then un%rl thethe 8th or 9th. ^ t Governor shall issue his waxrant"ordering such execu- , , tformer years held sway on the Canals. By such an arrangement they anticipate .the breaking up of the present system, py which the repairs of the Canal a're placedunder contract, and renewing the old systenof reckleBB and unlimited expenditure. This lwrtion of the Third Honee in question ia composed o£,]Ex-Sfcate Engrceer and Canal Commissioners, old Canal Super-The approaching Senatorial election was Th e 'en- tion. In the meantime the convicts. to DO subjected the reader to it for a vivid illastration oPthe1 grossing topic orconveretrtion. Gov. Weller and Gen. to solitary confinement and hard lahpr until the day of" Moreov«ivl»*^o«>lytoatate tibat Helper la aa wbij|r«**; j intendents, Harbor-Mastera, and large numbers of in form complying with the provisions of the] law. known (to Mm pWioaaHy aa tbe King of Tiabnctoo. ' ^dered by the Maltate Indians. ' A party of Humboldtibr every man guiltless of crime, within its borders. people subsequently went out to recover .their remains, Sabbath (the Jewish Sabbath, remember), cursing political intelligence, but for this time is necessary.proposition met the approbation of Mr. C. and his friends, and ho- waa left in the care of Dr. Gray."—The Washington correspondent of the Cincinnati Inquirer states that " all social relations between. BCr. Postmaster Holt and the Preeident ceased some day* . since."Extensive preparations were making for the ap- Rhode. Island and Wisconsin have both, abdl-" be told that if they do not return to their old placesThe British Government had ordered their men from the experiment of a little humane and Christian Mr. Bowman has entered into a contract with away from the island of San Juan, and abandoned the legislation on this subject ? There are members of theent wings of the Oppoeition, in oider to save the country from IV. But there is another difficulty. Early in May Democratic misrule, and to secure a glorious victory next Novem-Countersigned,!Tbe Hon. Samuel B. Ruggles Seriously 111.MR. McQUADE'S BILL—A LOBBY .WORD TOgiance to their respective favorites^ Parties intiSe ofthe Republican party will spring up and be organized.name, was peculiarly alien from the character of the deceased nobleman, as well as from those of his surviving brother, Charles Zochary Macaulay, Seoretory of the Board of Audit, and his sister,W. A. Gana.HORRIBLY BURNED.—Last night, shortly after 11 o'clock, the ocenpants of No. 43 .Laurens street wereLOCXPORT, Saturday, Jan. 21,1860. The Hon. Samuel B. Ruggles has been and still con- tinues seriously ill, with an attack of the lungs, at theresidence of Gov. Hunt in Lockport.V i r g i n i a l e ^ i s l a t n r e .N RICHMOND, Va., Jan. 22, 18G0.A bill appropriating $f>00,000 for a State Armory, passed the Legislature on Saturday.•F r o m H a v a n a . NEW-OKLEANS, Saturday, Jan. 21, 1860.^,,The steamship Gahawba brings Havana advices of the 19th, but no news of importance. Sugar and Ex- changes were unchanged..*—All but one of these must he disappointed. And then Lady Trovely an. The brothers and sister were linked by strong af-as to copy tbia unqualified JMw>' ^''*'* >."'-. ft whoWe thus eager to accomplish this nefarious enter- the Bunk to keep a duplicate key of the Sub-Treasury "New York, Jnn, 22,190$^': > < '"; •'-'''M-pris<t!to refer to the Message of Governor Morgan, in chest, and to borrow therefrom such amounts of Specie —-Ex-Gov. BoutweH of Maseachusett* haswhich he regards the lobbyng of bills, &c, as suffi- as might be necessary to meet the demands of clamor- the Secretaryship of the Board of Edacation of^ thatcienflv justifying the discharge of any offending Stale ous billholder8. The Bank failed, notwithstanding thei i :: State, and has beenadmitted ^th»..8rtRfc liw. -'7p''officer. . *ation of the Legislature, and if it-can be demonstratedthat tbStasing of human life by the State subserves THEno good purpose, the hideous gallows tree should beuprooted at once and forever. "3>he advocates of capi-ctal punislinieT^t-y*in^ this; vState ^'surrendered their'Strongest argument—that of eisa&mple to deter othersfrom doing murder—^when they abolished publicexecutions, and enacted that thoir hateful scaf-fold should be erected in the jail-yard, or Convention is called at Chicago for the 13th day of Buchanan with frankness mingled with disrespect.the abolition of the gallows; that the crime of murder publican party was formed has precluded the possibility The Oregonian publiehes late news from the new would bo greatly increased; in short, that of any thorough system of organization and discipline.Shnilkamen gold mines, which continued to be of an people generally would devote a considerable portionRECEIVED BY encouraging character. of their valuable time to the1 business of cutting the All this work is to be done after the nomination. TheThe Portland Advertiser mentions the arrival at throats and breaking the skulls of their fellow men. ^Democrats are old party men, rallying at a signal andAGNETIC TELEGRAPBL that place of an express agent who reported that par- This class, in their bund zeal for retaining the gallows trained to the service. " They have on their side all the last week erected ia Richmond. Tlie Richmond Whig ties had arrived at the Dalles with twenty-five pounds as a means for Christian civilization and advancement, force of old party association, ef prejudice and big- says of Mr. Mason: " He was not a lawyer, but hisARRIVAL OF THE STEAMSHIPAFRICA.possessions. The cost of board per day there was $8. ble consequences which they predict have not followed. of an ignorance and servility in their ranks which of legislative decrees." Here is one of the approved Gen. Palmer of Oregon was in the region, and had They do not, I think, duly consider the facts in the ?make their masses rush to the support of their candi- opinions, uttered by that statesman in the Convention made a strike. case. For instance, Maine practically abolished the dates and measures without discussion or question. to form the first Constitution of Virginia:The Royal Mail steamship Africa, which left Liver- pool on the morning of tho 7th inst., arrived hare at one o'clock this morning.•- The dates are the same as those by the Circassian; but we select a few items of interest.The steamer Nova-Scotian, from Portland, arrived at Livorpool at 7{ o'clock on the morning of the 5th.Mr. David Hughes, the solicitor, who abecondad with liabilities to his clients amounting to £ 160,000, had been tried and eentenced to ten yeare penal servitude.A correspondence had recently taken place between Miss S. P . Eemonds, a free-born American woman of color, and Mr. Dallas, the American Minister in Lon- don. A vise to Miss Eemonds passport was refused by Mr. Dallas, on the ground that she was a person of"Mr. C. H. Davidson, writing from Tillamook County, death penalty in 1844—sixteen years ago, by the adop- W e have none of these. Against their unquestionable " Slavery discourages arta and manufactures, the ^oor des- Oregon, says that the Tellamook Indians are commit- tion of the act already referred to. Since that time noting depredations on the property of the people in that execution has taken place in Maine under the State law. efficiency we must oppoee the power of private argu- pise labor wheD {performed by slaves. They prevent the Immi-vicinity, having- burned several houses and barns. I believe some pirates were hanged in the State not ment, constant labor, organized effort, and^public dis- y News from Washington Territory is to Dec. 23. long since, but under the authority of the General Gov-gration of whites', vrho really enrich and strengthen a jcountry. They produce the most pernicious effects on manners! Every master of slaves ia born a petty tyrant. They bring the judg- ment of Heaven on a. country. He held it essential that the General Government should havepower to prevent the. increase of Slavery." .—The Democratic State Convention of Pennsylvania istomeetatBetdingon Feb. 29 next. Asha|rp fight is expected between the Buchanan and anti-Buchanan wings of the party. /A bill had passed tho Assemblv to remove the seat of ernment. There ,are now six prisoners in the State cussion. These are our weapons. But it takes longerGovernment from Olympia to Vancouver, but it would probably fail in the Council.Prison of Maine, committed under the law referred to. Six murders in sixteen years in a State with three- quarters of a million of inhabitants, does not look liketo make a disciple than to call to a ready follower. While we are engaged in the preliminary work of organizing our own forces, the already disciplined en-A bill has been presented to the Legislature to or-ganize the islands between Caval de Haro and the a fearful increase of the crime of murder. The Dep- ergy will be attacking our citadels and taking captive4th of December, "was one of the most severe everknown. Large stocks of logs, fenced in by booms atvarious saw-mills along the Sound and the connecting Ele are in favor of the present system, afto-inlets, were swept away and lost. The Seabeck milllost one million feet of logs. The schooner Harney tho Governor has the power of granting reprieves in the Democracy will be roping in the rebellious and was blown on San Juan Island and stove; She was cases wheie the sentence of death nas been pro- dissatisfied, and fastening upon the doubtful and. care-loaded with Government stores for Capt. Pickett's nounced,' and it has been abont 40 years, says the less. For two months they will have the field all to—Cameron Clubs are organizing in Pennsylvaniawith a view to procure for-Senator Cameron the Presi-dential nomination at Chicago, It was expected that color.the delegates to the Chicago Convention woulid be ap- The Paris Moniteur thus formally announces the pointed at the Republican State Convention to be held • retirement of Coant "Walewski:on the 22d inst. at Harrisburg: but we learn that they "Napoleon, by the grace of God and the national wflLcompany. Her cargo was damaged to the amount of Deputy Secretary of State, since there has been an exe-t h e r e pressing his pretensions. Mr. Buchanan $3,000. Nothing has Bince been heard of several cution"in that State, and the people are well satisfied themselves. During that, time, those who dislikeare now to be elected in the Congressional Districts.—An . intelligent Republican of Fairfield County, Conn., sends ue the following;Emperor of the French, to all present and future,greeting, have decreed and do decree as follows: " ART. L M. de Thouvenel, Embassador at Constan- tinople, is appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs in theavicg tested it for sixteen years. In Vermontbe virtually unopposed in their campaign. While our leaders are engaged in reconciling party preferences, and maneuvering for the nomination of candidates,REASONS FOR CHANGING THE DA Y .s'and his trial before the United States Court, Judge Hall presiding.From The Yonkcra Examiner.June. •."We were present at the meeting of the National Committee, and heard the arguments advanced in ad-As our readers are all aware, the Republican National•i-The Moline (IU) Independent treats President " It is fortunate," says Tlie Independent, " thak thisthority of those States unite in the state- tp support a platform and a candidate fail of abolition- •o far aswe are able to decide, are in favor of the nomination OL ment that the crime of murder has not increased as a ism, disunion, and treason. We all know how effec- Edward Bates for tlie Presidency. Theyaiein favor of pursuingfairs until the arrival of M. de ThouveneLART. TJX Our Minister of State is charged with:tbe execution of the present decree." Done at the Palace of the Tuileries, the 4Ith of January, 189800. " NAPOLEON.'*consequence of such abolition. In view of these prac-tical facts, where is (the great danger to be apprehended tive are such preeages of terror.such a course as shall tend to conciliate and consolidate the differ-will be held a Convention of Old Line Whigs, can ber." I 'Jo the mortification of Mr. Wendell. This will title. of Niagara—who prefer a bill for an unconditional ab- ankerous Republicans, defunct fogies, frightened cot- —A daughter of Charles B. FJood, editor of Tlie, The new Grand Vizier of Turkey had dispatched aMr. Eives for the execution of the Senate printing, disputed territory until the Governments settle the Assembly—prominent among whom is Mr. Van HornBy speaking the whaler Onward at sea, Sandwich olition of the death penalty to the one introduced by on merchants', readers of 2Vie N. Y. Herald, ven- Cleveland (Ohio) National Democrat, has been ap-lead to a rival establishment, and break up the mo- Island news is received to the 10th of December. Mr. Powell, and it is possible that the Judiciary Com- nopoly here. The Senate Committee on Printing The whaling bark Vernon had been heard from. Sh • mittee mav report such a bill.fcave already ordered printed most of the documents had fallen in with whales after the balance of the flee The session of the Assembly to-day'was very brief,had left the Ochotsk Sea, and had taken 1,600 barrel and there was nothing of special importance in its pro- sent in by the President and Cabinet, thus fore- of oil. This completes the list of whalers for the ceedings.erable ladies, and shivering patriots generally,.under, pointed to an $800 clerkship in the Post-Oflice, to suc- the name of the Conservative Union party. As the ceed a Douglas man, removed. Mr. Gray, editor ofstalling the House completely, as the law of the season, all having been heard from.The followingnotices of bills were given:Mr. Cooper—-To regulate the mode of administering assignments in trust for the benefit of creditors; ^Also, to exempt certain persons from jury duty;Also, to authorize the construction of a railroad in the city of New-York.Mr. Law—To amend the Excise law;Also, for the preservation of deer, birds, and fi&h 1iast Congress, which Mr. Bowman devised for this purpose, jsecares the profits to the Printer for the Jiouse which first directs the printing.A. CHAIRMAN FOR THE HOUSE. * .'COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 30,12 M. There is more doing since the recent arrivals, but nothing approaching to an active business. Consider- able parcels of Rochelle and Cognac brandies have been taken up by the leading dealers, at former rates.personally unobjectionable, will be placed in nomina- tion. Then the responsibility of selecting him, or electing a Democrat, will be thrown upon the Repub- lican party, and very many gentlemen with gold-the city.A CANAL MAN.—Bills have been repotted in the Virgirria Hou*e of £ whose husband was hilled at Harper's ^W*y»^W^kpension to Edward McCabe, wormdedat1^„'|||Bi»time. • ' ;^:;^ifV;—Jacob Schuhz, eaq., died at New-Whid^^'tXlik' ange County, on Sunday night, the 8th inst, 8%$b»: age of 83'years. He was, perhaps, the oldest tH^wt- in the State. He was a grandson of Christian W& Schultz, who emigrated to this country in 1736, aad was the projenitor of the numerous femily of tka* name now to be found in various .parte of the UtUkmS '—The Schenectady Evening Star gives the f o u W - ing account of the Hon. Clark B. Cochrane's receztfc illness:"For some time part be has b«en inxfieringfrom in healtJv brought on by overtaxing himself in tbe performance of pro- fessional dirties, previous to bis departure for Washington. Q» his return, and after remaining at home for some days without improvement, he was advited by his physicians to go to the Clif- ton Water Cure. On Wednesday morning.of this week,he, fa*,CONVEN- and silver having been made good. Mr. Dickie waB removed for this offense, indicted, and is at Albany toThePlaindealer, himself only lately removedlfxom the candidate to the Presidency, we may expect that Mas- head of the Post-Office for Dauglas, proclivities, says, ter James Brooks cc Co. will manage it with an eye with infinite sarcasm, that the " appointment [was em- single to that object.' No doubt some good, respecta- inently necessary," thereby intimating. that there'sble old gentlemen, far behind the times, but otherwise not another Administration man but the Postmaster inobvious design of this affair is to elect the Democratic—The London correspondent „of TJie Manchester Spedding, S. A. Jacobus, A. Lee Ward, Mr. Flentent,E. Granier, D. de Anjtelis, Mr. Sprague, Mr. Ansley, S. EL Brownhlll, T. A. we prefer a man who represents our principles. Be Guardian reports the following particulars respecting Comstock, Mr Degee, A. L. Mahondeao. Hugh Wilson, A. O. Mr. Briggs—To define fire limits in Euatcrn District, assured that this card will be played with great skill the late Lord MacanlaY and his faniily, and hie unfin-* Findley, Mr. John Hamilton, Mr. Longmire, >Cr. G. Otmther,increaseMr. Funk—To amend the game laws.PrisonTHEHubbell—Tp Officers.compensation ofTo the Editor of The JV. Y. Tribune.Sin: In your report of the proceedings of the New-rious aspirants time to get firmly settled in their alle- ing for public expression of admiration, all trading upon fame and Willburn, T. J. Mitchell, Archibald McGoun, August Iftursbera.will come the murmurs of dissatisfaction, the lethargy fection, not unmingled with piide on either side. They,were proud alarmed hy the piercing shrieks and screams of aof discontent, the revenges of the wrathful, and all the of their brother's unparalleled popularity as a writer; he was proudYork State Legislature, I noticed that the Hon. James evils of internal dissension. Better to decide the whole •f his brother Charles's rising repute as a most valuable and con- person in distress, and npon entering the apartment McQuude from Oneida, had introduced a bill "to trans- scientious public servant; of Lady Trevelyan's intelligence and whencethe noise emanated, they found a young woman fer the power of 'appointment from the Contracting to question so early as to prevent these subcivisions under usefulness as the helpmate of Sir Charles Trevelyan, whose labors named Ann Clinton lying npon the floor with herthe Canal Board.'!' The object of this bill is to repeal the lead of aspiring candidates. in the public service Lord Macaulay keenly sympathized with,clotheB in a blaze. A bed quilt was instantly thrown, over her, hut before the flames could be extinguished, - she was horribly burned about the body and face. Notsections Nos. 6, 7, 8, 9,10,11, 12,15 and 19 of Act, Chap. 105, entitled: " A n Act to enlarge the powers and define the duties of the Contracting Board," passed March 14,1857. The passage of this bill would not only transfer the appointing power of the Contracting Board to" the Canal Board, but also virtually substitute Canal Superintendents to take charge of the Canal re- pairs under contract in place of Resident Engineers a3 demanded by the laws of 1857. Undoubtedly veryfew if any of the members of the Legislature aro aware of the issue contemplated by'the parties urging the repeal of the power now vested iu the ContractingVI. It will not be possible to consolidate all the sup- and approvingly watched and cheered." Macaulay'* conversation, more than that of any man I havemutual forbearance and compromise, and will occupy interesting, amusing, butnever prosy, boring, or over ambitious ing her $9 to take care of, and that, shortly after hia Capt. Joseph C. Noyes of the levenue cutter Jack- Legislature 1 has been to abolish the office of Canal many of the early days of the campaign. The four for the company or the time. departure, she spent a portion of the money for liquor.son, died at F>astport, Maine, on Tuesday, and was Superintendents, and transfer their duties to competent buried yesterday. He had been in the revenue service engineers who from practical ability are far better about 30 years. qualified to advance the true interests of the State. It-" Never were pleasanter, more unrestrained, or more genialand a half months are not long enough anyway, but breakfasts than those of Lord Macaulay, at his rooms iu the Al- No one was with her in the evening, and the supposi-when these first weeks are exhausted in settling pre-, bany—while ho was still a liver in chambers, before he removed tion ie, that while intoxicated she fell upon the stove,is a well known fact, that although the length of the A r r e a t o n C a a r f r e o f F a l s e P r e t e n s e s . old Canal requiiedjto he kept in repair by superintend-liminaries, they will prove utterly too short for the work to be done.VII. The State election in Missouri occurs on the first Monday of August. The gallant band of Repub-1o Holly Lodge, at Campden Hill, which he has not occupied for thus setting her clothes on fire. She was 20 years of three years—if my memory be exact. Macaulay monolotjutd, age, and had been married only a few yeara, "only because he had so much ready to flow forth on most sub-ST. Louis, Saturday, Jan, 21, 1860. Joseph Hvman of the firm of Hyman & Gunn, com- mission merchants of this city, was arrested to-day onents was yearly decreasing in proportion as the length of tho Enlarged Canal increased, the annual cost ofjects, that it took a long time to pump off even his surface water.But, in company with people who hod something to say and could•*.ARRIV AL OK THE EDINBURGH.—The screw steam- ship Edinburgh, Capt. Jeffery, which sailed from Liv- erpool on the 4th inst. and Queenstown on the follow- ing day, arrived at this port yesterday morning, Her news has been anticipated by the Anglo-Saxon and the Circassian.The steamer New-York left this port on Saturday morning for Bremen, via Southampton, taking out one hundred and four passengers, and $75,000 in specie.A NEW BAGGAGE DEPOT.—The New-York aad Harlem Railroad Company, for the better accommodVtbe charge of obtaining, under false pretenees, money repairs under the old system of superintendence licans in that State, who have so nobly upheld the say it, Macaulay did not habitually take up more than his fairinstead of diminishing was in many eases consid- Hbure of the conversation. Sidney Smith used to ocmplain of erably augmented. Bythe law of 1857, it was specially banner of freedom in the midst .of Slavery, protest Macaulay, because he was a rival, and a worse monopolist, andcould not bear to see the attention of the table dirtracted from his STEW-YORK LEGISLATUEE. c*power, and it shall be their duty to^dbpense with the short a time as intervenes between the 13th of June own rampant and Rabelaisian fun. He, by his allusion to ' Ma-and goods to the extent of $10,000._ «.ALBANY, Saturday, Jan. 21, 1860. The Senate is not in session to-day. •ASSEMBLY.SILLS INTRODUCED.By Mr. COOPER—To incorporate the Orange Countv Milk Association, with a capital of $100,000. The incorporators are James M. Horton, Henry C. Halsey, James Kennedy, Adrain Holbert, Richard Decker, Smith P . Horton and three others.By Mr. ROBINSON—To appropriate $100,000 to aid the People's College.and their day of election. Their protest should be heeded, and the objection removed, So in California. Probably we shall fail to carry that State, but at leastto imprisonment for fife in Sing Sing.By Mr. ROBINSON—To amend the act allowingthe continuedN use of copartnership names in certainBy Mr. BINGH Ail—To amend the Revised Statutes relative to the rights and duties of landlords. [Ttiis. and all similar bills introduced by tbe Representatives from the Anti-Rent districts, seek to repeal all those portions of the ReviBod Statutes on which the recent oecisions of the Court of Appeals against tenants mupon the Eastern Division of the Canal, the repairs of Harrifeon WUB nominated eleven months before his Mauritius, informed him that he never even knew Lord Macaulayhad a brother available fos public employment Indeed, Lord can have their baggage checked, and conveyed free olwhich are all under contract at an annual cost of only election, and yet, who ever saw. greater enthusiasm Macaulay may be thought by many to have carried this abnega- charge to the Company's depot, comer of Twenty-of May—should be selected, wo believe that it willByMr.J.M. SMITH-To appropriate J8C0 for a church edifice on the Indian Reservation of Cattarau-^^^Thelafto provide for the assessment and payment ofthedamagesoccasionedbytheQuarantineincendi- aries was reported favorably.Mx. JENNINGS reported a hill to continue m actmatters,inhischaritiesatleasthisrighthand never knewwhat his left was doing. "*provided that the Contracting Board shall have "the that they cannot efficiently organize their.State in so." office of Superintendent of Repairs in ail cases where" said repairs are placod under contract, and in all other"cases when, in their opinion, said repairs can be'moro" thoroughly and economically'done by placing the same"underthesupervisionoftheResidentEngineers."The we should give her sturdyRepublicans a chancetocaulay's brilliant flashes of silence,' gave color to the] imputation of burdensome loquacity, often urged against the deceased histo- rian. But 1 believe no one who saw much of Macaulay in society will be found to indorse that charge. ' j"Amongthomosthonorable characteristics ofLordMacaulay —of Which I am glad to see such general recognition—should be, mentioned, his rare freedom from all taint of self-serving or job-directed to place the same under the supervision of the party of young men. To their vigor, vivacity, and nections, or dependents, he systematically abstained from all ex-Reside!t Engineer. This arrangement, in point of vital force,' shall we be indebted for our success. They ercises of bis iLfluence on their bohalf; and this, though a warmobject of this law is plain: no superintendents were tobe employed on the repairs of the Canals when thepame were under contract, the Board being positivelylabor for her redemption.VIII. The Republican party is emphatically t'he bery. Great as were his opportunities of serving relatives, con-economy, has operated in the moBt satisfactory manner. are not to be tiretiUmt by a canvasB running through friend, an attached kinsmon, and a most affectionate brother.For instance, on the Middle Division of the Canal, half a year. Their interest will not flag because they When he was last In office, his brother—who was at the Bar, but tion of the traveling public, have established an officewhere the'entire repairs are in the hands of the Engi- who was at once well fitted and inclined for the public sorvice— in the building now used as a freight depot, at the cor- neers, the cost for the lute fiscal year have been nearly become accustomed to the fight. It is all nonsense to was without any pub]ic employment. Lord John Russell, when ner of White and Centre streets, for the exclusive pur-By Mr. SLINGERLAND—To commute the tmiush-ment of Mary Hartun^r, now under sentence of death, $250,000 less than during the picvious year, whereas say that aix months is too long for a campaign. Gen. he subsequently appointed this brother to the treasureship of the pose of checking Albany baggage, where paeaengeraone-third the amount expended in former years, theincrease during tho late fiscal year has been about$40,000. This exorbitant outlay haB resulted from theemployment of Superintendents, contrary to the law Enthusiasm kindles enthusiasm, and the spark becomes Macaulay's lifetime the public never learned from him or by hia the 3:30 p. m. express, which arrives in Albany at 9 appointing Engineers only. In view of such an illus- a flame. If some early day—say Wednesday, the 9th wish—that Lord Macaulay was unwearied and most liberal in bisThese are the leading reasons for a change of the ciously and unneceseurily appropriated. ^Thorofore, to fcemblo and make this amendment ?Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069"ThecomplaintagainstMr.HenryJUchardahasbe*n »m. was down to the accession of the House of Hanover, and this he ^ w . h y ^ o n ^ o ^ ^ u ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ With.Untitled Documentand more indefatigable energy than in that contest? The workingmen of the party do not tire but in a day.tion of influence to an excess; for this brother has in all bis subse-quent employments proved himself one of the most efficient and sixth street and Fourth avenue, in time to meet the 9 popular of civil servants. X may also' mention—what iu Lord a. m. mail, which arrives at Albany at 3:40 p. m;; antidistributed by him in this way would, I am satisfied, astonish tho wouldbebenefitedbythesubstitutionolSuperintend-andthattheresultwillbeanewspiritofenergyinpublic5butitwillneverbeknown.Carefulashewasinbusiness Theofficewtilheopondailyfrom7to8*a.m.andfrom1to2:45p.m.,for this purpoee,onandaftert<wW e cheerfully publish the foUowing-had hoped to tccouipUsh infive,if not fow more yolurue. I domeet the views of the great body of the Republicans,our work and greater confidence inourtriumphant victory./-.Though when Lord Macaulay begun hi. history he hoped tom.-.->"'•&rr- - :&~v~X*~*»(cv^»rviV?»¥.*^ft1»>Vy" ****•mm"^ARCHIBALD FQULD, "Minister of State."note to tho Powers, expressing his approval of the Suez Canal sheme, should they come to an understand- ing on the subject.Tlt£ London Times of Friday says, " In American Securities there has been a decline in the shares of the New-York Central, and quotes sales: United States 5s, 9 2 ^ 9 2 1 ; Illinois Freehand, 89; do. Shares, 39®40, 39| disc.; N. Y. Central Sinking of 1883, 84J@84i; •N. Y . and Erie Shares, assented 10.Passenger*./ www.fultonhistory.com/• 