 NEW YORK HERALD. r foiHy. Consequently this atrocious murder remains a deep mystery. The " revivals" continued in fallConciliationOf THEat anyH i l l OOIPOI IIIIITT, mtroR ANDWAMMAMMMnHWAAMMTAMWWVIMBIVA» rgXTISXMMirTS rtimmt «wry % ; •iliiufi nmri to-1-,: ,:•:; ,:,: v.: s.,'jr; ,.J,:. "r: r„ t,'.' rx,,.* ; lature, and the session was dissolved.evident, frOBt the turn affairs are taking in Bos-*»•AMI SBMEKTS THIS EVBKIJIO.MRLO'B GAROMM, Broaeway.--L«eua s —Boon ATtan SWA*.WWm GARDEN, •mainay, opposite Bead rimei-The pony express which left San Francisco onble murder. TheBurdell murder, desperate ney they have costBOWERYBee wwii «• Taowra.Bowery.-8rAIDura AS o o a ' ahe slajfja^kates, and the republicans of thevative men, who believe that it is not Hie mis-THBATUE,WALLACK'S THEATRE, Broad «ay.~Hoi>*i. HTroenimLAVRA KEEKE'S THEATRE, No. 82* Broadway.- SKVIJI Sunn*.WaHsbout'where he landed "withoutraiment andwithout food," or the means of procuring either. commendations. The heated elements remaincountry and to inflame one portion of the peo- ple against another.way, Fifth avenue, and in a house occupied by numerous tenants, all awake and moving about in the ordinary avocations of the day.What can we argue from these facts but thatKKW BOWERYSTEID--LOTTBBT TICKET—HMpeeuca's BAvearsB.BARNCM'S AMEBICAX MUSEUM, Rroadway. -Day and ETCQIDA—MAUAHIKLLO—.IgTKC CHU.DKEJC—L..VUTG CUKIOSI- TIKA, AC.He has thus for the present eluded the authorities: but some of Marshal Rynders' vigilant deputies are in pursuit of him, and unless the fugitive iswhere they were; and with every desire to cor- re*porrrj to the requirements of the emergency, it is not probable that the outgoing adminis-Among these preachers is Rev. Dr. Littlejohn, of the Episcopal Church of the Holy Trinity,•THEATRE,Bowery.—McacaAjrr'aBBV ASTS' MINSTRELS, Mechanic*' Hall, 471 way.—BeuMwiM. Soaii*, DAScas, Ac—USKP (Jr.Broad-mind that it will be still worse. And, what ItHOOLKY A I'AMPHUI/S MINSTRELS,Nlblo'*Saloon,Fp>fcl»») -ETniuriAH &<Mfu*> DAJICSA, BuaLaattoaa, Ac — sel for forfeiture. i;iu.y 1'ATT«K*I'X.people can be brutally murdered at their breakfast tables, in broad daylight, in the midst of a populous neighborhood, and the assassinCANTERBURY MUSIC HALL, 863 Broadway.-Soxaa, Ramie**, BSSLKSVICAA, 4 C .MELODKOR, No. 539 Broadway.—Soiics, DAVCES, But- m t t n , Re.NewYork,Tuc»day,December11,1880.MAILS F O R BUROPE.Tbe IfewYorkHerald—Edition*for E u r o p e .The Canard maii steamship Arabia, Captain Stone, Witt leave Boston, OJ Wednesday, for Liverpool.The mails for Europe will close in this city this a/Mrnoon, at a quarter pest one and at half-past five o'clock, to go by railroad.TUBEvaoreAji Euenos oeTO*HUUU> will be pobtisaedat eleven o'clock in the looming, jingle oopies, in wrap-years to commenceon the" 4th of Mares, 1861.pers, six rents.The content* of the EraoFXAx EDmoa or TBX HK*AU> indicted for the murder of Mrs. Schumacker anddestined to wield the patronage and power of It is not for me to decide who of these are the truest to the incoming government have but an imper- their own principles. It is not for me to decide whethermises, helping himself to whatever was valu- no wonder, then, that the mercantile communityable therein? If there was, how does it happen should feel impressed with the idea that a greatsympathize with the conviction.' A lew deceive themselves with the belief that the depression is merely transitory, and that a few months will see the end of it Under the most favor- able view of things, it will be at least two or three years before the trade of the country re- covers from the shock inflicted upon it by Lin- coln's election.wj| combine die news received.tv laail and telegraph at her child, at Bloomingdale, some months since.the office during the prevkws"w\ifc?and up 19 the hour offect perception of the importance of their mis- amid applauding multitudes in the city of Brooklyn, or could have escaped his notiee? And if there was•..„•»1-—>j|i BAILSmiaaji iaw<journals of the country against the peaceful Harper's Ferry, is the most consistent abolitionist and tone of Mr. Buchanan's Message began on the the most heroic man. It is not for me to decide which is the most important part of a tree, and if the tree i>« poi-T e r k 1I< ravld—California E d i t i o n , mail steamship Northern Light, Captain TSnJTJe-l, wiM leave this port to-day, at BOOB, for AspinwalL The mails for California and other parts of the Pacificbranches, or the fruit. But I am here to-night, in God's name, and by His help, to show that this tree of aboli- tionism is evil, and only evil, root and branch, flower and leaf and fruit.That consideration, it seems, has but little in- murder in the first degree impossible to be im- The HERALD is a conservative Union organ,rirnric.answer for the negligence?It is remarkable that in this case, as in so sonous, which is the most injurious, the root, or the many other instances of grave crimes, of vio-Cornwall county. The yellow fever had loderated. The Kingston Journal of the Jfth nrt. says:-By the arrival of the steamerSince the opening of this present Congress it has been a cult of solution, what coursethe afternoon of the 28th nit. arrived at Fort Kear-as were all its features, was perpetrated underportant. The markets continued very dull. Information was received at the office of the United States District Attorney yesterday that Fredericks, the first mate of the slaver Corn, which was brought into this port a prise, as already reported in the HERALD, had made hisrent a s u n ^ p H n united by no defined and Brooklyn is Henry Ward Beecher. But it is circumstances which invested it with all theabiding'nejpr, have become irreconcilably di- creditable to the sister city that she has far secresy and stealtbiness which usually charac- food to Europe so freely that the Britishof New Hampshire, from his piece in the United States Senate, denounced it In the most scurrilous, undignified and unmeasured terms of abuse. He scouted the notion of peaceful secession on the part of the SouthernStates, and appealed to the "incoming admin- world, with a largo quantity of local and miscellaneous some three hundred miles from New York. He istration not to quail in the performance of alence and bloodshed, the perpetrator is a mere youth—one of that class the most dangerous and desperate which infest the city, whose early careers of crime are unchecked by a pro- per administration of justice in our criminal courts. And to this deficiency in our courts of law is attributable much of the existing crime in the city. The administration of criminal law has been so notoriously lax that it has emboldened the marauder. It has become so easy to escape the consequences of crime thatThe young man suspected of having murdered Mrs. Shancks, of No. 22 East Twelfth street, has oootalatng the latent Intelligence from all parts of the been arrested at a station on the Erie Railroad,It is fortunate that, whilst moral and politicalpoison is disseminated from one pulpit, the anti-dote comes from another. Mr. Vandykeshows from the Holy Scriptures, and evenfrom the commentaries of learned anti-slaverywriters, that the founder of Christianity and hisApostles not only did not assail slavery as asin, though they attacked all other sins, butgave it their tacit and sometimes their expresssanction. One of these commentators, Dr.Wayland, undertakes to excuse Christ and his doer. And lest the infliction of punishment Webb turned things upside down, and made a Apostles for not speaking out their opinions was not difficult enough before, the last Legis- tatement which is directly contrary to the against slavery "for fear of a servile war." lature passed an act rendering the penalty of acts of the case.wifl clone at ten o'clock.fchUmorning.The haw YORK WEEKLY MJOULD—California edition—matter, will be published at nine o'clock in the morning. will probably arrive in this city to-day. The Coro- Single copies, m wrappers, ready for mailing, six cents. ner's investigation concerning the murder was to Agents will please send la their orders as early as pos- have been resumed yesterday, but the proceedingsduty'" which he compares with "the baptism of blood" Italy is now undergoing to recover its nationality and independence. "Deep answers unto deep," and this incendiary harangue elicited a corresponding note of defiance fromTHE CHEVALIER WEBB ON SECESSION.—Our military and diplomatic cotemporary is a good deal exercised latterly about the course of the HERALD. He declares that this journal is a pro-slavery, secession paper, and that the "un- fortunate delirium of the South" is owing tosible.V%» Sews.The proceedings of Congress yesterday were un-were postponed until to-day at two o'clock, in order that the prisoner may be present at the ex- amination.the fact that the NEW YOKE HERALD has been the law has no longer any terrors for the evil its prioeipal guide and counsellor. As usual,usually important. In the Senate the standingmemorial urging relief for the suffering people of s verdict for Mrs. Burch, the defendant.Kansas was referred to the Committee on Territo- According to the City Inspector's report, there ries. Mr. Powell's resolutions on federal affairs were 338 deaths in this city during the past week, were then taken up, and on interesting debate en- a decrease of 71 as compared with the mortality"hospitable graves." Could anything be more deplorable? Any scene more unworthy of the dignified consultations of a United States Senate? And, in the midst of it all, the Presi- dent elect silent and reserved, refraining from the utterance of a word which should signify rebuke of the sentiments of his followers, so hasty in their advocacy of coercion and blood- shed, instead of conciliation and the exhaustion of every peaceful effort to save the Union! A sfluence on many of our Northern clergy. Their posed. That honest and pious body of legis-sued, which was participated in by Messrs. Poster, Douglas, Davis and Dixon.In the House Mr. Hawkins, of Florida, enteredinto further explanations respecting bis desire tohe excused from serving on the Select Committeeof Thirty-three. He said that he acted solely onits rights and franchises through the mediumof gridiron railroads and other nefarious mea-sures, as a kind of salve to their consciqsces,enacted a law to prevent the effusion of humanblood upon the scaffold. We have seen theeffects of that enactment in the vast increase ofbold and desperate murders in this city for the to unite with the North in the nomi- past year, of which this last one is a terriblehis own responsibility in the matter. Mr. Vallan- births, 61 of diseases of the stomach, bowels andalways been in favor of treating slavery as a Southern social institution, with which the North has nothing whatever to do. And had our coun- sels been heeded the country would now have been as prosperous and happy as ever. We advised the Southern democracycandidate for Mayor, was chosen oyer Moses Kim- hall, republican.We have advices from the city of Mexico to the 28th ulL, and from Vera Cruz to the 7th Inst The rrWrals ware completely investing the capital, and it Is reported that the Preach Minister had advnied Miramon to capitulate. Great distress prevailed in the city from a scarcity of food and water.been called to pass through the fiery furnace—nor has aThis action on the part of Messrs. Cobb and great society ever been destroyed or materially injured possible"—thus implying a doubt that thein any of its leading interests by such a trial. force at the command of the authorities willHawkins is the most significant evidence of the Who can read this horrible proclamation of prove strong enough to prevent riot and blood- deep seated Southern feeling that we have yet Sharpe's rifles and war to the knife—this fear- shed. The capital of New England, that 'sec- received in any official form. The black repub- ful cry for war, war, at any price—and not per- tion which has been the source of all thelican journals have been endeavoring to con- ceal the truth from the people, and to per- suade them that the secession movement\.organised, with Dr. C. MeLartyr, for the third time. On thefoUowtoa; day the Ministry announced their re-Thus we see that the secession movement is rorise toe country arM annihilate confidence. could do would be to cut off New England andassault upon a police officer, was postponed till the 24th instant.The trial of the suit of Mr. Burchk of Chicago Mr. Iverson, of Georgia, who loudly pro- ooauaiUeea ot the last session were continued. against his wife, for divorce, was concluded yes- claimed the "hatred" between North and The Homestead bill passed Itsfirstreading. A terday st Nsperville, Illinois. The jury rendered -South, welcoming the citizens of the former toof the week previous, and 73 less than occurred during the corresponding week last year. The recapitulation table gives 59 deaths of diseases of the brain and nerves, 14 of the heart and blood vessels, 114 of the lungs, throat, i c , 7 of old age, 36 of skin and eruptive fevers, 5 prematureaim is rather to produce a servile war. But It is very absurd to say that those^Apostles who denounced idolatry and every form 'of sin by name, and died as martyrs in consequence of the boldness of their preaching, should, from prudential motives, spare slavery alone, if it was, as modern ministers of the Gospel affirm, "the sum of all villanies." Their practice was to go among the sinners and tell them their sins, not like some of our Brooklyn divines, who attack not the sinners who hear them, but those who are a thousand miles away. The logical deduction, therefore, is that Christ and his Apostles did not consider slavery sinful; for it is certain that the institution existed every- where they came, and that St. Paul exhortedprinted for the whole country generally, and lators, while they were plundering tills city of the city of New York particularly. We havedigkam, of Ohio, followed in a stirring speech, in other digestive organs, 41 of general fevers, 1 of the country approaches the verge of the pre-which he attacked the composition of the commit- disease of the urinary orgaak, and 19 from violent cipice over which its destinies are about to betee, whereby the democracy of the Northwest causes. The nativity table gives 204 natives of the plunged into remediless destruction, those whoaxe entirely deprived of all participation in its de- FmtedsStates, 12 of England, 86 of Ireland, 18 of alone could save it hasten it on to ruin. liberations and recommendations. Mr. Mc Germany, 7 of Scotland, and the balance of va-nation of a good man at Charleston, Had that course been adopted Lincoln could never have been elected, and there would have been no panic. We pursued a similar line of policy with the old whig party; but its leaders sacrificed their followers to gratify personal ends, and so broke down. Then we tried todemand, of Illinois, and Mr. Sickles, of Ne York, also spoke on the question of excusin;rious foreign countries. tOwing to the inclemency of the weather yesterday,It was to have been hoped that the panic making tendency of Senator Hale's speech would have caused the partisans of the domi- nant party in the North to pause and considerexample.It is to be hoped that the Legislaturewhich assembles in January will see the necessity of repealing the law of last session, whith practically abolishes capital punish- ment. We have had victims enough to its mis-.chievous tendency; and, whatever may be hammer an idea or two into the heads ot the said in favor of the abolition of the death pe- Know Nothings; but between the slavery ques-leiMr. Hawkins. The debate was interrupted in orde: combined with the prevailing stagnation in trade, trans-mmmmiPiPUntagenet,welearnthatthecivilwarinCartha- sued, what measures, If gonahasbrokenoutafreshandwtthrenewedel- andwhattoneofpublic W « % Mm* tlmatanmwrtenfightingwa.go- tintedby therepreeening on, and such was the anarchy reigning thatthe BritJah subjects—among them the Consul-had to take refuge on board hew Majesty's steamer Cadsnas, which was lying in port at the time. Thewas chiefly in ambush, and a great manyWe hare received correspondence from Grant Salt Lake City of the 16th ult. A special session of the legislature had been called by the Gover- nor, and for two days the "brethren" had been to- gether assigning the new Judges to districts. A* no provision for the support of the District Courts had at the same time been voted, his ExcellencyWashington in the present President's Message, looked much anxiety, has compi settled the question of thedieat to be adopted. Thatpanic making denunciations from day to day. and the* proclaim those to be traitors who ven-Tea LATSDASJKSNEW YORKHEBALDr, WESDAY, DBQl^iBBB U, I860.to allow the introduction of a bill for the relief of ections in most descriptions of produce were extremelythe Treasury. The Chairman of the Committee of light, tjo far as we could learn, very little if any cottonWays and Means accordingly reported a bill au- was sold, while middling uplands, in the absence of before they continued their clamor for the Blaves to obey and honor their masters, and, in-thorising the issue of #1(1,800,000 of Treasury notes, transactions, were nominal at 10c. Holders of "flour, es- in sums not exceeding $100, bearing not more than pecially for the medium class to good brands, dis-six per cent interest, redeemable at the expiration played more firmness; but with now and then of a year. An amendment pledging the public an exception, prices did not vary materially fromopening of the temple of Janus, for a civil, stead of running them off, sent fugitives backpartisan war, which would reduce us to a to the service to which they were bound.lower level than Mexico, prostrate commerce, Sermons like that of Mr. Vandyke are cal- destroy manufactures, annihilate the value of culated to do great good, and if the* conserva-nalty, it is manifest that the times are not ripe for it in the city of New York.tion and the wild hunt for the spoils, the dark lantern men became thoroughly disorganized, and went the way of all flesh. And now weof the country in their hands; but we have very little hope that they will walk therein. If they wbh to avert the peril? which now menace the i-hip of State they musi throw overboard all their useless platform lumber, their Personal Liberty trash, and the dead weight of abstractions as to'-•aaaaft-' -' --• **•'*••" iitialready smitten affairs Is but the harbinger ofn still more disastrous epoch, which its adventto power will inaugurate. If the statementso its leaders are to be believed, there can beno sunrise in the future of the republic"There shall bo war}*"there must be civil ton, that the'r ease andcomfortwillbe any-war;""therewillbenodisunionthatisnotac- thingbutsafeInthiscountryinsix companied or followed by war," are their fromthistime.tended, from the highest and moat patriotic the beginning of such national disasters as point of view, to soothe the public mind and to have been seldom witnessed in the history ofhad for some time previous to Hat tragedy cre- ated some alarm in the mind of the deceases'sion of ministers of the Gospel to employ theirescape through a porthole of the vessel and swam to at what they call the lukewarmness of its re- influence to subvert the civil government of the short distance of our great fashionable high-The Board of Aldermen met yesterday; but trans-acted no business of general interest. A report of Upon Mr. Lincoln and bis advisers will de-the proceedings may be found hi another column. volve the responsibility of determining whether The Board of Councilmen held their usual meet- this heretofore prosperous republic shall con-Scriptures.II. Its principles have been promulgatednypermissiontolayatrackin130thstreet.Are-wisely',mightpossibly,notwithstandingtheport of the Committee on Finance, recommending the transfer of $36,000 from the appropriation for Russ pavement to the appropriation for cleaning streets, and also the transfer of $8,200 to pay the members of the Common Council, were adopted.In the Court of Oyer and Terminer yesterday the District Attorney accepted a plea of murder in the second degree in the case of Franz Hoffman,InhisintroductoryremarksMr.VandykeousforanyonetoventureoutatnightaloneelectionisregardedasasubstantialevidenceThe ptofecuting Officer was induced to accept thisplea, partly because of some doubts respectingthe existing law relative to capital punishment,and partly because of some doubts as to the san-ity of the accused. The trial of James Massey, very day of its appearance. Mr. Hale, the pugilist, charged with committing a feloniousNorth are loud in their clamors of indignationlands for the redemption of the notes was voted Saturday's rates, especially for cash. Southern wasdown, and the bill was passed. Without taking in some better request for export to tropical ports. The securities, reduce the laboring classes of the tive clergy generally had only come out in KKICN SLAVE TRADE.—Some six months ago the to the black republicans, who have the futureaction on the request of Mr. Hawkins, the House Gales of all kinds were moderate. Wheat was also held adjourned. * with more show of firmness, especially for Western red, At a meeting of the Cabinet yesterday, Mr. while sales were moderate. Corn was In fair domesticdemand, wtth sales at 59c. a 60^c. for Western mixed, In Cobb, the Secretary of the Treasury, resigned bis store and afloat. Pork was heavy, with small sales at $17post, and the resignation was accepted by the Pre- sident. There is considerable speculation as to who will be appointed to succeed Mr. Cobb. Among other names that of Collector Schell, of NewYork, is mentioned.A number of our influential merchants assembled in the Mayor's office yesterday afternoon and held i private meeting for the purpose of considering >hat actios, if any, the city of New York should lake in view of the present perilous condition of >ur national affairs. Although the meeting was preliminary, and the proceedings were principally confined to suggestion and consultation, there is reason to believe that the movement contem- plated is of an important character, and when fully matured and announced may prove of invalu-able service in- restoring harmony and" peace to our distracted country. The meeting was strictly private, so that its proceedings cannot now be publicly made known.At the municipal election in Boston yesterday purpose of conference upon the critical condi- prehensions. But it must be met with firmness and reso- next meeting, and both these functionaries lution, not with the trembling imbecility of panic strickenMr. J. M. Wightinan, the democratic and Union tion of the country, and has resigned his seat terror. It is not the first time that a great people has have replied that they will protect them "iffor new mess, and at $10 3"% a $16 60 for old do., and atCoffee was also quiet; a small sale of Rio was made at mac. cash. Freights were steady, with moderate en- gagements.cry for bloodshed and national ruin, "the fire, will be seen by the intelligence from Boston they had been fitted out for "pleasure excur- slavery in the Territories.striking character.The Secretary of the Treasury has positivelyrepublican organ of this city exclaims as fol- lows:—another meeting this week—Mr. Andrew, the Governor elect, having consented to preside attendered his resignation to the President, andture to hope for peace or prosperity.are the sentiments which shall rule Mr. Lin- coln's administration, Its inauguration will beand depression, unrelieved by a single gleam greased after the fashion at the Irish pigs, it is not tration will be enabled to accomplish anything and Rev. Mr. Vandyke, of the First Presbyterian there is absolutely no protection for human of hope. Bad as the condition of affairs is, thelikely that he can slip through their hands. War- rants have been issued for the apprehension of the other two officers of the Cora, and they have been formally handed over to the custody at the Mar-shal. The District Attorney hastibejftedthe*ves-life in this metropolis; that we have no policeeffectively for the weal and safety of fhe con- church, whose admirable sermon on Sunday impression seems to weigh upon every one'scountry to pauperism, and render insecure the time against the infidel abolition fanaticism, the black republican journals hereabouts attackedpossessions of the rich. But so far is this from country perhaps would not be reduced to the us very savagely because we insinuated thatbeing the case that the leading republican deplorable political condition in which we find some of Mr. Seward's supporters were inte-journals of the country, those which are sup-posed to represent correctly the views of Mr.$10 25 for prune. Sugars were without sales of moment. Lincoln are loudest in their panic making out- THE IRREPRESSIBLE Co.vrutrr AT HOME.—Itattendants of civil discord, and declaim with the utmost vehemence and rancor against thecitement created by the attempt to hold a JohnBrown glorification meeting at Tremont Tem- a practiced eye, bore the most unmistakeableThe S e w * f r o m W a s h i n g t o n .The news from Washington is of the most friends of peace and measures of concilia- ple last week has not died out The abolitionmarks of her trade.fast, rascally air which distinguishes piratical craft, and denotes their calling as clearly as the dress and manner of a gambler or a wo-tion. So late as yesterday a prominent black fanatics, it appears, have determined to holdThe Cora had that rakish,It is not in the power or this administration, nor of it—which the conservative and solid men of man of the town draw the line between will immediately return to take part in the this Congress—perhaps not of this generation—to close Boston are equally determined shall be put them and decent people. But as this isthe volume which secession opens. Those men have readaction bf the Georgia secessionists. history to little jmrjiose, and are profoundly ignorant of down, by force if necessary. The irrepressible moral, not legal evidence, the Cora wentthe spirit and temper of the American people, who look conflict has thus fairly commenced at home— In the House of Representatives, Mr. Haw- for a peaceful separation of this Union and the harmo-Wa have roccived files of Venexuela papers toNovember8. The news, which will be found con- is confined chiefly to South Carolina. and most extensive scale—the "irrepressible for the last twenty-five years. A ll the misfor-without consulting the opinion ot the people ofB«« the mere outbreak of a few lire-eaters, but the result of the aottlod oonvktiona of the solidlet her stand alone, to pursue what course she pleases. Her perpetual agitation of the slave-natured enough to say that the black republi-cans were playing a double game—making po-litical capital by charging the South with re-opening the foreign slave trade, and turning apenny at the same time. Of course this is sheercalumny; but still it strikes people generally differences with the Southern States. This su- that where there is so much smoke there musttry was appointed. A bill for taking a census ofthe inhabitants was biters the Assembly, wtth men in the Southern States. It is the exterior securities declined with the creation of the re- which afflict us—which have reduced our greatthem to do this than to lose the capital they have acquired in a hopeless struggle against an adverse condition of things.every prospect of passing. The trial of the chief developement of the swift, strong, resistless publican party. The Kansas troubles were and prosperous confederacy to the verge oi mate Panl far the murder of Captain Barton, of undercurrent of public opinion,which flows made under its auspices an instrument to affee ruin—and if we were once rid of her the re-the American bark Alvarado, in Kingston harbor, steadily on to its purpose. Unless some mean* the stock market, to depreciate the value oi maining portion of the country would go onThe superior manufacturing skill of the North has hitherto been its chevai de baiaiUe in all itsIbefore the Chief Justice, st the Kiag*. are apoodQy adopted to arrest this movement the JOthurt.and was con-merchandise and to diminish credit with eachstep in advance towards power; it has soughtuaimonit-uiy and prosperously enough.Meititt'ine we would suggest to Garrison' Henry Ward Beecher, Wendell Phillips and the- .other agitators of ultra abolition senti-periority will soon be tost to us if the Northers manufacturers emigrate there to any extent It would not be the first time that political causescluded on the » d , when the jury, without hearing It will soon impermeate the whole South. axew to shutter the basis of our national andbe a little fire; and w e call upon the UnitedStates officers to do their whole duty in allcases like that of the Cora. The public has a have effected a displacement of the manufao-. right to full information upon all such matters. taring industry of a country. The revoca-a verdict of not"Thus bad begins, bat worse remains behind."State prosperitv, and the paralysis which hasit to-day.rested, directly or indirectly, in the foreign slave trade. At that time a number of vessels were detained at this port on suspicion thatrape and slaughter," which are the inevitable which we publish to-day that the abolition ex- sions" to the coast of Africa. Prominent InAs for the Chevalier Webb, had he taken our advice offered twenty years ago, he would have been to-day a wealthy man, instead of being obliged to shin around Wall street when be ha* a note to pay. The fact is that we represent the voice of the people, and Webb that of the politicians; and unless the latter change their tune right speedi- ly, we should not be surprised to see a terrible outbreak of popular indignation against the abolition leaders and fanatical parsons of the Northern cities. In such case they might findher wicked ways, took on board ove nious career of the Northern and Southern confederacies not between the North and South, but in the seven hundred slaves, and wn.s capturedkins, the tingle member from Florida, hasperemptorily declined to act npon the extraor-dinary committee raised by the House for the The prospect is dreadful enough to make the most reck- and the Chief of Police to protect them at thewhich are to take Its place. If we have disunion, weshall have war. Mr. Buchanan is encouraging the o n e - very centre of abolition fanaticism itself.after a stern chase, of course a long one, by it hard work to escape being hanged upon theit is not -in his power to prevent the other. The abolitionists have called upon the Mayorthe ocean police. It turns out now that the Cora was purchased, at a very high price", from E. D . Morgan, the Governor of this State, chair man of the Republican "National" Committee, and one of the endorsers of the Helper book. We do not undertake to say that the Governor knew that the Cora was purchased for the traf- fic which his party denounces as the "sum of all villanies," and to eengage in which is one of the highest offences known to the law; but it seems just a little odd that the foreign slaveless pause, and to fill the stoutest heart with gloomy ap-most convenient lamp post Only our good friend Tburlow Weed, who has been led to see the error of his ways, and is now doing pen- ance for his sins, would escape.EMIGRATION SOCTH—THREATENED EXODCS or NORTHERN MANLTACTTRERS.—The general stag- nation produced by the secession movement and the indignation aroused by the suicidal proceedings of the republican party, are likely to produce more permanently disastrous effectsceive that the republican organs of the coun-try are resolved that panic making shall be-come a part of the very creed of their party?Brown's invasion is called for on the largest policy her agitators have been carrying outtrade, which has been very active during the than the suspension of business and the loss of past year or two, is carried on exclusively by capital which it involves. Many of onr North- Northern men or foreigners; that Maine fur ern manufacturers, despairing of seeing tradedensed elsewhere, is of no great interest or impor- It cannot be supposed that either Mr. conflict," in its most furious and diabolical tune which has now befallen the country, aud nishes the vessels and New York the cargo restored to its accustomed channels, are pre-tance. A peaceful solution of the Spanish dHfi- eulty is expected.By the arrival of the steamship Zulu we haretttolbgenoe from Kingston, Jamaica, to the 1st I eorgia and Florida, ine*. H o Legiahttore mat on the 8th alt, whenproportions. And if this is the language used the still more terrible evils which threaten us acw, it will become immeasurlbly worse after in the future, are due to New England, and ifMr. Lincoln shall have been inaugurated. The the secession of the Southern States should en- republican party is evidently resolved to ter- sue, the best thing the rest of the countryand the facilities for shipping out to sea paring to transport their establishments down And then, too, it w still more singular South. There is one firm which to our know- thai the names of leading black repabli- ledge has actually completed its arrangements, cans should be frequently mixed up with and will effect tile transfer of its business in the such matters. Some people have been ill- course of the present month. It is better forCobb or Mr. Hawkins could have actedThey aim a death blow at the vital sources ofcommerce and trade, and seek to stagnate andparalyze international intercourse. Amerijen ry question has brought on all the troublesUntitledDocumenttrouble which has arisen out of the anti-slave- ry agitation, it would seem, is about to reap the first fruits of the meddling and mischievousIf theseto the mystery of the late horrible and daring murder of the poor wMow Iftdy fat Twelfth street, in ike arrest of the carpentei presence around the dwelling of thepour oil upon the troubled W*S«B. It exposed, nations.practically, the folly, wickedness and dan-ger of extreme ftMNHBati ultra measures, ABOUTIONIBM ABLY DRNOOXCKD n o * tax and suspicion on the part of her friends. He which are starinw him in the face. So great,snd appealed to each good citizen to aid in PcLrrr.—In the City of Clinrches, orer the Eastwas captured on an emigrant train on the Erie in fact, is the prevalent distrust is the future,averting the petite and preventing the disasters river, where so many of the Well street mer- refusedhisassenttotheproceedingsoftheLegis-withwhichpassion,self-interestandNorthern chantshavetheirresidences,thepulpithasbeenthat it is questionable whether, if any of oar NothingInthecriminalrecordofthiscity finestmansionsktFifthavenuewereput heretofore has equalled in boldness this terri- up ftt auction, they would bring half the ssa>and Southern demsgoguism menace the country.tamed into a political engine to overthrow theinstitutions of the Southern States, to dissolve ny yesterday morning. The general news is unim- anything like unanimity of opinion by the frag- the Union and to foment civil war: AmongUnfortunately it has not been received with\ meats and citawipnto which old parties, now the most noted of the abolition preachers in the shadow ot night, and was surrounded by weeks! Then we were selling our cotton amivided. It has not conciliated the extremists of abler preachers of the opposite stamp—conser-terize premeditated homicide; b u t this crime was committed in open day, in the very midst of a busy and stirring community, within ftcotton market was not affected by the short harvest. For the first time in our commercial history we could bogst of being the creditors instead of the debtors of Europe.All tins has been suddenly changed, asfi*bythe wave of a magician's wand, Everything sipresent wears an aspect of the greatest glooufederation. evening last we published yesterday at full equal to the duty of preserving our citizensIt is different with the power which has been length. With rare ability he maintained and from the hand oftideassassin; that, whether by more discouraging, no limit can be fixed to itschosen by the people to maintain their dignity and represent their interests during the fourillustrated the four following positions:— day or. by night, no one is safe alone, even in I. Abolitionism has no foundation in the bis or her own domicile ? It is evident that ifduration.It Is unexampled in the history of commer-cial crises that such a sudden and widespread- ing revulsion, extending oven to Europe in its effects, should be brought about by the eleva-ing last evening. A communication was received tinue in its integrity, and what means they will a logical process, to utter infidelity. work of murder, rifle the property at his lei- not because of his antecedents, nor of his ca- fromtheBoardofExciseCommissionersrespect- adopttosecuresucharesult They cannot IV.Itisthechiefcauseofthestrifethat sure,anddepartunseenandunheard,saveby pacityforevilindividually,butbecauseofhising certain defects in the Exajae law. The paper shirk from direct and energetic action in the agitates and the danger that threatens our his unhappy victim—no man's life is safewas referred. I*»Jfer«3F«»«d a aeries of reso- for an hour, and that it is imminently danger- personal and party affiliations that so much ap-lutions givingm* MnW^renue Railroad Compa- premises. A crisis has arrived, which, if met country. prehension has seized upon men's nunds. Hisdark clouds which obscure the political hori- zon, prove eventually beneficial to the Union.shows with great force and point that there areand unarmed.Was there no patrolman in Twelfthof the triumph of a faction which holds its al-Railroad, while endeavoring to escape.chiefly by misrepresentation and abuse.III. It lends, in multitudes of cases, and by can walk into our dwelling openly—do his tion to power of an obscure politician. It istwo classes of abolitionists—those who de-If, on the other hand, unskilful pilotage and nounce slavery at a safe distance, and whose street on Friday morning when this mur- than its fidelity to an abstract principle whichlegiance to the constitution as less obligatory evil counsels prevail, no modern Cassandra faith is without works; and those who, like derer entered the store of the deceased, it is bent upon carrying out, to the destructioncan depict in gloomy enough colors the horridfuture of disaster which inevitably awaits us.And it is to be feared that those who are free—and he goes on to observe:—took her life, and coolly ransacked the pre-John Brown, go into the very midst of the al- leged wickedness, in order to set the slavesof all the best interests of the country. It isthat the presence of ft character of so suspiciousthe man who preaches this doctrine In brave words, an appearance as this man is described to be that property and values of every kind shouldsion. The outcry of the black republican the one who in the stillness of the night, and In the face not, how are the police authorities going to of the law's terrors, goes to practise the preaching atCiRiocif REVELATIONS CONCERNING THE Fo-are endeavoring to point out the proper paththis spotted fleet was the bark Cora, which, to•ll'..i'-"W||P::"T.;» •»» JipannsjpawBPyments, who have been worshipping the al-mk/hiy nigger for the last quarter of a century,that ft trip to Europe Just now would prove commercial history when very beneficial to their health. It is pretty gloomy andpresent t i t best stocks i s tumbled down to a point oftheyhaveneverbeforere*there hasbeen a fall of three centsawitha prospect of a still furtherbreadstufls there has been ftpreciation, good shipping flour being now * dollar and » hftlf lower than it waiftithees* of October; the falling off in the value of realestate may be averaged at from twenty-fire to forty per cent, with a total imp<>eribluty of effecting sales. Mo one will venture upon In- vestments of thm kind with the uncertaintiesft periodpreviousWhat a revolution in the course at* ft fewbreadstuffs at high price*, and were supplyingand permanent calamity has befallen it, and Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 