 WHOLE1i r.—M.feS• »asitit. an*s*te»3*3£[From the Philadelphia Ledger, August 20 1 A SLAVBiconrxs CASK.Yesterday Jot'ga Ludlow bad before him a curiona <SrJbaVgrtitftSBhFUMM Alan. FAJt-rAiav*****SaltOMilt»*iyC e n t r a lIt has been delayed in reaching me; hot some features of TBatariaTiMT^f«*A in the manufacturing establishmentstbetettermathaofinteresttomanyofyourreader*who Isestimatedat$401,060perannum,andtheannualvalue oftbeaMttutectured products at $867420. exdusive ofare turning tbeir attention towards Japan. Y on era tbe Pioneer Mills, which were not in operation on the 1st probably aware thai I am the only party yet in Haw day of Jane. T at manufacturing establishments employamong gentlemen. ' It i s m advertisement of the toot tbathewon'tfightIfcalledonbyme. Under «*««»;; cumstancea 1have no right to ask a friend to pat hlmnsir in a position which might compromise him; and this Mr. Yancey well knew when be cautiously penned bis card.ppHto,10 nominate a Breckin The call is signed by tbe National Democraticshe did aot wish to disturb the tenants or occupants; lar, Including refreabmmts, and no roles are to be ob-tbat it is the same bouse occupied or o waed, aa deponent served to regard to dress, will mdmbtodry ho only to informed, by a Mr. Themetherepublic aadt onot proclaim t l doctriaea tolives b y swindling passes, e n d for several yeara; tbat deponent toarches, sndn procession paraded in honor oftoataketheHoneoftheirextravagantandunfoundedpretensions. will never be given to the public.,tbe Boa.was tbe first lawyer of bia State, and waa one of tbebest popular orators of tbe Union. In eooclualon, Sena-tor Witom affirmed that Maw York was safe for Lincoln.It had been said by tbe supporters of Dell and Everettthat there was doabt in reference to Massachusetts giingfor Lincoln. He informed bai bearers tbat tbat Statewould give 40,000 majority far Lincoln over all thefactions, united or divided. H e predicted that tbe wholevote of New England would be given to tho republicancandidates, Douglas had said that the republicans could menu, and wilf only tend to'make certain the election ofGovernor General, who has monopolised, him to the ex- clusion of aB the members of the Legtotetare, except toosewhochosetecremtoattoebackmUmcestThe Prince left Mmtreal this morning at t m o'clock, in a special train, under charge of General Supertateadcut Mr.Martin, mdafterarmofm hourmdahalfarrived]bia ndmtrilBtratrnn Washington ort« •SKSv* ilMM ..IBBRhW Sw*mVOL0N-Vice who iaonavialt to thistbe home on Staten Island, near Vanderbilt's landing, as liah cheers, tbe flrat be has received to a long time, eicept being tbe m e Senora Donna Pedro represented to saideorrupfought so bravely for the tjntan and the who, I say, can believe that beto a dtonaioaisKBXTCCKV OocfiiAS Sunt CosvEmos—Tbe Douglas tee to Kentucky appear to be uhamed of the delegates tothe prisoner came to deponent's house, at No. 68 West Fourteeath street, to remain a few days; that she re- mained there four weeks; that ahe ascertained afterwardsThe Prince on his return to the station was surrounded! by m Immense crowd, who vehemently cheered him,sustm'tedsrr a m Wha*sionisi? My frii father desires theOwe Br^e ^sm amn ight it be said tbat a fond their State Convention. The LeoiarUie Courier Bays:—bouse; that tbe clerk of the St. Germain came to depo-nent's house to collect n board bill of the m to almost overwhelm him,said Pedro, bnt w m unable to collect the same; The Prince was dressed la plain clothes, m d received that said Pedro went away from deponent's house with-out paying depooent her bill, which she has never col- addresses from tbe various towns in the Eastern district, lected; that deponent was unable to collect anything of bnt without making a reply. The town wm satoadidlyher,andthatsheneverknewhertohavemyproperty adornedmdthefinestarcheserectedwehaveyetseen, or means of any kind.Hollatd L. Knight, of No. 648 Broadway, deposed that while the popple were most enthusiastic. Tm Prince*w**imi IMR "mnpOT-l ,l, l » "»"THE NEWHERALDo*» —Ml1*iKTM repeouoaa party nwimsn w a t I» D M t o * oomtitu- t'oosl right t o keep t h e blighting wttberinc foot-coed ibat free vblto kUmrtoe; a m could not were to ad WBO weai tone were oompoueu to return Done rtoto that city, brtag ing witl Some friends of tbe coloredb tbe facta, detera legal rights s a a iday Judge Ludlow w a a presentedtbe Honorable tbe Judges of the Court of QuarterSessions of tbe Peace tar the city and county of Phitoaetohhv—Tbe peUttoa of Stoa Conquest, by her nextfriend, Panmm»•—•!»» njiuHWW, IWHWWU auvws»U 1IW1»Sine Conquest is unjustly and illegally restrtUed ofliberty b y William T. Conquest, residing o n Greenstreet,st, above Tenth street, to the city of iBtiladdphia,liveryhave been defrauded out of mam varying from $26 to$100 each. For a description of the manner to which ear readers to thedepositions of the victims themselves, m foliows:-tfnnox replied by savlnx that bia principleaAt thia Juncture of tbeSenator's speech, " Vila Awakes, from New York, and tbe LI of tbe Ite Ay Mountain CInb entered tbe were treated witb\nSSkwhere tbe waa paused in 18*$,V. Fremont seventy-five Tbespeakercontinnedtoenumemi»nrea instituted by tbe repoblicana, charging Oat demo- cratic party aa being boatile to tbe rights and Interests of the free white laboring men, both Vorth and S-uth, He fMr Douglas afew yearoagT) what kind ofa was. • hen he replied that ha waa athat be (Donglai) had been to Congress •iiteen yeara, and had never jet met a man who waahis avpcTier; be had never yet coped with any a m •uperior to Abraham Lincoln in point of ability, and when tbe tafaapajaal itospahh announcing Linooln'a nomination waa handedBoa.Drat.V.Convention for Connecticut.that saM Pedro, by this aadtions, ran up a bill at deponent's house or $126,andth«nequalled by the masked beite of Parte, For tbe first time danced with the daughter of m American at ball the other night. The fortunate tody w mbuilding,tadof introducing beat to defeat him." In the house of tbe PreeWeat of Harvard College, at Cambridge, Dmglsamid that Lincolnwfthtstj asmmmmmmwaml ....^ W Jkble and mutually satisfactory to both wings of the demo to Douglas in tbe Senate, he said, "We hare got to do our eratie party. All hope of an adjustment having nowin New York—such m A. Belmont, John Van Buna, the Castor family, h e ; that she had remittances comtag from her rather; that by such representations ahe obtained from deponent $800 to money; tbat mid Pedro, as a fur- ther Inducement to obtain aaid money, stated that s h e owned toe furniture of the home she lived in at No. 04 Seventh street, and paid for it $1,600; that deponent afterwards ascertained that all the above representolerated there, and if to earth tbey would not be permitted to utter in Virginia tbe ntnttmeatoibey would get a vote la the Northern stave States thathope, therefore, tbat tbe discussions whichby reliablethey have left oa If the republicans had theto Cookery—Sarah J. Cankery—and to now In tbe neighborhoodoffortyyearsofam;thatto1811she represented to deponent that ahe had a fine place on Staten 1*land, worth $18,000, and diamonds and jewelry worth $10,000. all presents from her dear father, who was the Emperor of Portugal.Martin Philbun stated that he knew the prisoner; that ahe hired horses aad carriages at the stable known aa Flnnegan's. No. 124 Clinton place, white she was board- ing at tbs European House, No. 717 Broaiway; tbat de- ponent, wbo let her tbe carriages. &c, tried to collect tbe bill of said Senora Donna Pedro, bnt to unable to collect anything, aad upon inquiry finds that she has no means of m y kind.Thomas Monroe, being duly sworn, deponed that Mrs. Susan Ramsey (of tbe European Bouse) described to himCollege, where h e w m presented with an addrees, m English and French, by the Bishop of that district.He remained here about half m hour, md, re-embark- ing, went on to Bichmond, n town of ton thousand in habitants. Itwmnotarrangedtoatopham,butthe people had made great preparations, sad Mr. Martin n.forming the Duke of Newcastle of this, the latter asked) the Prince if ha could atop, to whtob ha gave a hearty assent.About m e thousand people turned cut, m d the most beautiful girls in Cacada flocked In from tbe surround r g country. The threat gave him three good hearty Er.g-would open theetbe New Yorkthere waa a little free Blair fwaa ito| represent!vetorn, wool! open the eyes of of the metropolitan presses. Bit to tbe South and FrankPolltlcaiWaBrcwjajntt Oonm Pc«n»—There hasbeen,for seve-Missouri) Ha closed b y uiurging theinto the contest witb the lightfor tbeir cause was just. TbeyThey ooald took up and ask theral years back, an " irrepreeaible coniiict" going on amongst tbe republican politicians to Westchester county. Certain parties, pretending to be specially favored at Al- bany, have been trying to supersede the legitimate lead- ers of the party-tbe men who first formed it, not only in the county, but to the State, and who hare given liberallyblesslog of Him i " tbe pulses of tbeTbeTremaiae rsttoeam>d moved tbe start and heaved[From the Norfolk Herald, Auguat 29 ]The brig Triton, to charge of midshipman N. H. Farqn- btr, arrived here yesterday after a passage of 41 days from Loaudo, West Coast of Africa. The Triton waa cap- tured aa e alaver, an the 16th of July, by tbe United States steamer Mystic, Lieut. Commanding LeRoy, off Black Point. She cleared from New Orleans to the beginning o f March last, for Cuba. Aa soon as the made for the island, as well as devoted much of their time, to the American captain, with part of his crew, toft bar, and , his friende and the principles that they a Spanish captain and crew cane aa board and took tbeir places. All her provisions, water casks, Ac , were put on thus far hat been chiefly board of her at New Orleans. When captured ahe had no papers nor colors, having thrown them overboard. Tbe Triton waa oonslgaed t o an agent cm the coast, and was t o take the slaves tbat had been purchased from the brig ., FOR DOWOXAS — to ant Debicia, which Wis captured by the OooateUatton to De- , Governor Foote ananwaesd upon au- cember test. Abent $1,100 to Spanish currency were€ r e n e i » lHIS ADDRXS8 TO TEXPresident of the Ui city, adoresnight, a tLane was waated upon by aonion party, a|B,* rOillTaVOalC. Breckinridge, ' t h etote,loves tbe Union, and whoIt isMrs. Bssseey m her property; that the home, ss described by said Mrs. Ramsey, is owned by depooent, who pur- chased the same about a year ago; that deponent under atanda that a m m by the name o f Baton formerly owned said property, and that previous to that it was owned byon board his ship.Proceeding, he stopped at Brampton Falls, about teaminutes' distance from Bichmond, and ninety-one mlies.ticket* Bjmamjl mM^rtmM IIVMattheirGeneraliBroadway.oe of tbe Volunteers,in favor wjWp V * ^ ^ P W p ^ H t o awl *Vai»l*HH^Hm»w^"*»aw «VWaV|>al.l> Mffmjlimeat and bitter conflicts in-6 e is the best of I aion men; andThe list of delegates In ittendance at the Douglas State Convention to thia city baa not been published. We ven-the levee to look for an officer, but before he found one tbe ship was off and on her way down the river. In his distress and blundering baste the unhappy restaurateurIthe country be caafld or designs. Mo man would sooner lay down hw life for see who and bow tow were present. To do so would besaan could give a tbe lawn than the inbte fhwekuuidge, I know him well, to prick the babble of Douglasism in Kentucky—to explodeor of telegTmVhmejto the Satire afterward. So the ship.withitoguiltypair isonthesea,boundtoHavre,next day Mr. Ledere got legal advice, and as we under- stood, tarnished n deposition of tbe tacts to tbe French Consul, for transmission to France by steamer from Now York, tbat Garcia may be arrested on arrival and sent back to this country, under tbe treaty which exists be- tweed tbe two oountriee. It will interest a shocked and sympathetic community toknowtbatGarcia,inrunaiog away with his employer's pretty wife, forget to take along his own lawful wife and their several children.andItaywhat1knowofhtm.And,aatomyself,why,gen-tlemen, my whole Use gives the He to such a charge. Noman loves tbia Union more than I do; and none would gofarther or do more within tbe power it man to perpetuateIt But, my friende, if you would preaerve tbe Union youmust mataiadn t i e ssaatHstlSS, for tbey are inseparable.If youwould preservethe anafanmost mamtam theother. The equality of the States is the principle upon stitution and the equality of the States. which the confederation was formed, upon which thehe was proprietor of the Planters' Hotel; that tue prison-er, calling herself Senora Donna Pedro, came to bis houseabout Six months ago, m d remained there abouttwoweeks; that she brought witb her a man m d a woman,and left owingdeponentabout$40;tbattbetoawomanof whom deponent has known by reputation for severalyears, but did not know her when she came to his house;tbat after be found out who she wm, he turnedlunched at Mr. Gait's, m d then again took oars frr MontrealOn the way home be seemed highly pleased witb hie trip,enjoyed bis soger,aad read m extract fromthe BntALD report of the celebration at St. Johns, Newfound- land, in tbe London ftous, commenting upon the stoguUnion was nude, and without which there would have been to confederation or Union. The equality of theY on oa A Sormax Smsm—During tbe but voyageof the steamship Augusta, from Savannah to this port, aA Dot HISPojeoawo CASS—Bon Vienna Dam—We areinformed,saystheUttoaleUgrai-kofthe27thtost.,tbattest week. Friday, at a picnic held at Oedarvilto, to thetown of LitcbOcld, Herkimer county, near what to called••Jerusalem Hill," two men (both, w e believe, somewhatIntoxicated),wbowereat enmity to relation toan al-leged intimacy or one of them with tbe other'a wife, hadaome words, when one, named Heeok (or Hecox), offeredthe other a drtak from a bottle. Immediately after drink-mg which the drsaher Btld, " 7 o u have poisoned m e "Tbereply was, "Youhave no evidenceof it." Sub?e- TMe Ynncej-Selbels Dlfttrmlty in Mont- WftrfljsjS»anYPl*fr V> sjsh^avJ»8>8k$jBHfjgw*IV. quently the man was taken with convulsions, duringStates-thatistheprinciplenowatissuebeforethe votewaatakenamongthepimergerstoascertaintheirher, the said Pedro, away; that he has heard ofbtrforseveralyears,mdknowsseveralpersonsinNew terityoftheTimetpublishingtheHBJUID'Sreportstoad-'—the equality of tbe 118101, not partially, not in fell reeownitton of the origt- rrill Bjm_ihefi Hnwikbiridgft andamong the various candidates for the Presi The vote was taken, according to the report of the purser, at sea on Monday, August 27, and the resultYork who have been swindled out of money, board, he., by tbe said Pedro; tbat she to a noted impostor b y repu- tation, who pays nothing m d has nothing to pay witb, so far as deponent knows or has been informed, as a general thing, according to report.vance of its own special correspondence. The Prince, the Duke of Newcastle m d Earl BL Germatos had a long conversation on the subject; and Gen.Brucei Lord Lyons read aloud the reports aad editorials on Prince from a tote copy of the Banain, •MManitoing i paper, much to the annoyance of the rest of p a suit*,«6sm'efitage'm^De b upon the princi. thirty bttenreted,wtbof'th^^Bell... 10 0 KX>NITH RjtvsoB,—A report hat been circulating fbr some time past that Kenneth Raynor, of North Carolina, had announced hia intention to support the democratic party. That gentleman baa now written a lengthy letter,in which he states that he is committed to the support ofBeUandEverett;bnttofuturebewillIdentifyhimselfwith whatever organization be may regard at moat con-servative in ito character, most loyal to the constitution,and M meat fully representing the genius and spirit of our 1 qferais n Naw OUIBAXS.—The New Orleans Bee of tbe free institutiont. . | jThe case is still under investigation.The by the appointment of Simeon ; James TerwilUger,areamongtbefewmerchants,notnativesofJapan,who 1850,asreportedbythecensus,therewere OSmanufac- have their own storehouse and grounda. They have am* turing establishment* to tbe city, which employed 004pie eorvmmodatioos and facilities for taking care oftoe piepaper, acknowledged b>yMr. Yancey hnimamselMfto beitno-- Despatcheshavebee*receivedfromFlag OfficerStrib-sulting ; he was to townrn the day of publication or one llng, of the East India squadron, dated tmangbne, June 14,of them, md perm .irbedwootinrtlgata.blssoetoIs had not the courage to do him. I860. Since hia arrival there in the Hertford^ severe! :ir-jt TMtaB^ •|TM'* ^ "*^TTMTM"^""wl1'"* <map*^B"^a^ fapshipmtntB _en possible aaaiataace to Uie p it mivmS****** Terh.JOBM ALLXAm), JR. ABB CO.'i-raSfBaaWA **» YapBAWA, Jafan,May1be American ship Howqua we have ree Ite.m Ho«nwg-Kong to the U16tth of April, andK/T-OTU.—The improvement to Betg*Kc«ghasmanifested itselfto erme tnstanoee higher prices have b The t t<cks o f many descriptions of ine arrivals at market amalL Tbe n ay have the effcet toand if to, we thtoh many sattotaa wUl jbaDgbae there is but little ibfek.wiUko toe atato of things tor three months.Wm. H. Ferry, of Cttca, aad Hon. Goo. ' Y ork.togeSeV witb taw Chairman. Sec ****. BBtotaat measures were adojited9*rUutwa,August89,1M0to thaHoagtoa Oonveation are holdit.< ain the state House. Tbe State la largely represent eft, Douglas vote to the Electoral Col-generaLnegatived, that to tbe the electoral vote of tbe eJeetors he laatructed to give their vote tofrom aocnfllctand toterposeshtosm• TMTJSS""*,?0: Iieepntches have also hem 'received from Flag Officer vieted felon, the recipient of % ^ TM £ ? ^ £ & * William Inman, command tog the African sqmdrm, datedof North Chrottna gcas, tbe TJBICD wfil bepreeerved f.om •be Sowtb a e t a t a tin event of theIDport la terser tbaa has has been lor the peat month, rorlendendlreet. tbe Trcaa sailed a few days since. r e t f b t w r t t o , « . .__Ihpertt —There has been some demandtor cotton piece gooo*, dad sales have been effected at fair prices.time after be waa bitten Dr. Manly was caOed, and pre-scribed whiskey, to be taken totes-sally, and the applica-tion of kbeliato the wound. In the oourseof « a h o " Tbe whole was fully tenured the in Metropolitan Insu- the bitten man Irank eleven full tumblers of wwmeyTbe first six did not appear to produce m y effbot oatom,but after the eleventh he began to sbewit«ns ofJftepor—, 1800safe keeping. Moniaseyhe shall vote for Douglas, he sn election.underetoodthatwhile Lincoln certain ofment,berashedtothelevee,andboardedtheshipjustasthe towboat waa hitching on to take bar away, and becanted tbe viltoto Garcia to the disguise of a sailor,rjrawtot his cane-sword aad going at him, he said, "Giveme back my wife aad money, or I'll have your life.''Garcia coolly drew and cocked a revolver, and aaid, "Getashore quick.'' And Ledere got ashore. He ran out on that said Pedro came from the St. Germain Hotel to her while the todies threw boquete to him so feat and thidt.,vmmr—, of Mtteattowa; An- Wood,for bea e criminal relievedor s whlahimmal matter, iUegal restraint• aof N e w London, and Ftesarlpkprays your Honors toa writ of babeaa'aerpas, directed to the said WiUtorn T. Conquest, commanding h i m forthwith t o bring the body of your petlttonor, the said Sine Conquest, before your Konors, t o do and abide such order a t your Honors maydirect. And she will ever prey, Ac S1NACONQUSST. By her next friend, P . WILLIAMSON.Before isiuing tbe writ, a t prayed for, Judge Ludlow required Mr. Pierce, tbe counsel, to endorse en the hack of tbe petition that the writ would not oonaict with any procesi towed by the United States Court. Thia was done and the writ Issued, and yesterday meratof, when it waa returned, Mr. Conquest prsawtsd tbe following :—In the matter of the habeas corpus, at the suit of Sina Ooaqasat To the Hon. the Judges of tho Court of Quarter:—Wm. T. Conquest, to answer to tbe above writ habeas corpus, makes return, that the above Sine Conquest waa held to service aa a slave, by this respondent, to the easaty of Accomac, aad State of Virginia; Mat to tbe month of July, 1860, be returned to the city of Phfladel- , where he now resides, bringing with him tbe saidoft h eknew sueMoxmttt, bis LactoneA ugwrt 30, M i lH«W Y o r k Conarrcssionnl N o m i n a t i o n . »,H. Y ., August 30,1860.district bare aomi- -,of Ogdensburg, for Congress.Letcher Car Donglaa. RICHMOND, V a., Auguat 22,1800.G m i i m t - Y o u r letter of the 20th inst., desiring toknow the position 1 intend to take to the Presidentialcontest, baa been received, and I avail myself of the ear licet moment to reply.: that, prior »leaving the State of Virginia, thh re- she bad horses and a carriage driven up before the door,it informed the said Sina that, by the laws of the which she represented were hern, except the carriage, the daughter of Consul Omars! Moor. Tbe CorporationI have purposely avoided committing mvself to the strutted aa to bar rights, ho.Imn and Mr. Griggs and pointed out the boose on StatenIsland shove referred to. which aome of tbe members have acted. Tbe Prince w mFrederick W. Deeterlng, of No. 80 New street, deposed |BWBBB<Bsr4stoi^ssptol—,,^-^^mmTism>msMlj.that be knew tbe person calling herself tenorn Donna Messrs Oartier aad Rose, have been to bis company end Pedro since 1861; that she represented to deponent toNovember of that year that she wm the daughter of Don at Quebee, instead of going to Government House, the) Pedro, and wm very wealthy ana tote several rich friends residence of his hosts, be was kept at the mansion of ibathsaaof either Breckinridge or Douglas, to the hope niae would be agreed upon by the two con- tly held in our State that would be honora-Judge Ludlow called the astonished slave before him, and Informed her that, aa a resident of Pennsylvania, she was a free woman. If, however, she returned home, by the laws of Virginia and by a decision of tbe Supreme Court she would still continue a slave. She might now elect tbe oooree to pursue, aad to dctof to she ought not to allow any one to influence her.Stoa answered promptly tbat she preferred to go back witb her maator, as she would feel better content on her native soil, and ehe was assured tbat she would be better off in the end.Judge Ludlow remarked tbat h e had no doubt that her determination waa a sensible one.ity for a rupture to f860 tbaa there waa to IBM. The diviaion baa, however, taken place The breach la widening daily, and it is useless now to Inquire into tbe causes which have produoed these deplorable re suits. Such a discussion will not restore union and harThe slave again addressed the Court, referring to her tottons were a i m : that she owned no furniture;master in t i e meet affectionate terms. He bad, she said, taken her all around town, and shown her all the eights, and she die not think it would be honorable for her to leave him now.Judge Ludiow than dismissed the writ, with tbe follow- ivoidabie between tbe friends of Breckin ing endorsement:—ridge and Douglas will be marked by prudence and mode- August 28,1800—It appearing by this return that theration, and after this struggle has been ended, a sptritof within named Wm. T . Conquest deea n o t claim t o bold privilege of proclaiming their doctrines in the Sooth, conciliation and comproanae will restore union and bar. the within named Stoa Conquest by any claim of tow orthat she never paid said money, md ss depooent atthe town of ». Hyacinth,where hewasreceivedby to informel and believes, she has no means of about fifteen thousand people.my kind; that her general character to that shea ssetfsaal candidate to the Presidency, whose success all 1 deplore.s o lived The town w a s beautifully decorated with fltmmony in our party. ^ ^ ^ ^ JOHN LBTCHEK.conatitutional right, and tbe said Stoa being In person in court, and so informed by the Court, this writ to dis- missed. . J. R. LUDLOW.pii. "A Slaver Captnrcd.declared Douglas, and would cordially support hat election,o flifgffound on board.All tbe crew, with tbeexception of tbe supercargo and ~ic man, were landed, at their own request, at Loaudo.Tbe Triton Is a fast sailer, and had been chased by aeve A American and English men of war without success,tbat deponent doee not know a person by the name of Se- nora Donna Pedro; that said place Is about a mile and a baa*,or over, from said Vanderbilt's landing.Mrs. Mary AnneForman.of 37 Twenty seventh street, deposed tbat she knew the prisoner; that she want from deponent's boms to that of Mr. Grigg's; tbat she came to deponent's boom about the 20th of February, 1880, aadwantedtostayafewdays;thatShereprmtnledtodepo- nent tbat she had a fine place on Staten Island, near Mew Brighton; tbat she left her boms for a snort time, e n d while she was absent deponent went to New Brighton to find the tanas of satd Pedro, as described to her: that de ponent searched most of Staten Island; that ahe inquired of every person she found, and at every' andatallthehousesatNewBrighton,mdofthercr and] Collector forDonna Pedro, or of say property owned or possessed by sayanoni person; that she could ascertain nothing of anyshirts, went through aB the operations of snwmg. to w-lch the Prlace seemed deeply taterested. Twenty- four logs were hauled in at a given signal; m d !n m n- stant perpendicular end circular mam went whixrag around, presenting a novel and beautiful sightThe cortege then proceeded on to Sberbrooke—% place of about tw o thousand inhabitants, and the metrop-lis of that ejstrtot. About I r e thoasmd people m et the Prince at the station at two o'clock, formed In process;.-* end escorted him to his residenceAtthetetterptosshewm escorted $atonrosMeaceof Hon.A.T.Halt,FinanceMintobWg.where hepartookof n ^am^stw^P^^^BB§jp. _^^^m^a ^^^mgrW.. 3Bv T^^wsmmumB BmmmmfjgwmBBBW ^smsaw ^BWBWBBmr^BJBW' ^ e sassiwmffignalaHdurrnmmoa the ?Ws^'flay shipfU Trafal- gar. He wm subsequently deprived of his rank for foes of the sloopof-war Curntax at the West Indies.' flat item was m e of considembto hardship, aad on the Prince be!--eg informed of toe particulars he restored Mr Fettm tab;* ranktothenavy. Theantgavegreatsstlsfeetton,md wss loudly applauded by those present.Tan FAKCI oa mPaartMscr.—Tbe Troy Tints of thetotals at one 02 000 he the aact PreaV tt a democrat; bnt be subeervlenttowajritorrtoMrthat fie desired an'interview; ,at ten A M , tbe two met, and of tho bet, the money wan Marvto,the praprie-—————_—_— Domestic News Items.raoa NBWOnuuxa —We copy tbe following the Hew Orleans Ortteent of the fed inst.-Last Saturday Mr. Lectore, proprietor of a restaurant at Mllue- burg, wag deserted by his head steward aad managingman. a Spaniard named Garcia, brother of tbe Garcia wbo was killed aome Usmagoby Prtaceval, tea fight which ttwy bad aupototest oa the Bayou S t John shell road. air.Leclete might not have mourned tbe Spaniard'sdeparture, bad aot his wire, a young and pretty „or rather girl, to whom he had been wedded about half a jeer, aad $1,600 bl cash, disappeared at the same time, as thecomlortand eolaceof his treacherous employ. Mr. Ledere found tbat the fugitives bad taken passage onthe French ship Havre for Havre, which cleared tbat day.andafter drawing up the mtti.lxt>A tafid DlatOCti IBIntelligeaice.ture to add it never will be. They dare not let the wort 1 never thought of applying to the police in the first place,TbenamesBnacKurmnaa rx MAura.—The Bangor Democrat says that, as soon aa the Maine State election is over, tbe Breckinridge and lane democracy will put an electoral tiskettotbefield,andmakean active fight far tbecmBreckinridge Douglas..... . 3 70 LincolnFioBirM.—The national Union men in Florida are conn- dent that General Edward Hopkina, the BeU candidato for Governor, will beat General John Milton, the democratic candidate, at tbe October election, in a straight oat fight. There are aa Douglas men in tbe State.•&Opening o r t h etO TBB EDITOR OFNew Yong, Augnst 80,1800. 1take the liberty of aaajtof yon a commercial totter from my correapobdenta to Japan, Messrs. John AU-House officer and a Steamboat captain, came off test even- fhr lb a field near the Bienvilla street road. The weap- ons were averringntototo, and the distance ten paces. _ On tbe fourth fire a e JuJleuger received his opponent's ball in too avoto, aad Stoa dangeronaly wounded. Tbe parties b»d endeavored to have the meeting in three other places,he used the handle as quite an efficient weapon. A few blows m d a scuffie ensued, m d the parties were sepsra trd by a policeman. Both came off bruised, m d Colonel Sttbete bloody md worsted byasevere cutacross the eye md temple. Our young friend, Yancey, although In coBtparabry smaller than the huge Belgian giant, was bnt ilightly hurt, and bore himself gallantly to tbe fight.William L. Yancey, father of the young m m above named, followed with a card, giving an account of t h e cause for the assault, and charging that hte son's mtago n'st was a liar and slanderer.Mr. Saibels, to hte own paper, the Cot{feieraiim, re- plies as follows'—,toaporter, should h a m read Horace Webster,M a. 1 4 Lexington avenue; Judge Boossveit,slving the libertv of a< in July Mr. Wm. T CJ!of Pennsylvania, the said Stoa would h e free upon bo-arrival tor residence in the said State; that u r s re spondentdoea not detain, and has not detained, the said Stoa, and baa aa claim, and does not claim, to bold the said Sina to service within tbe Commonwealth; and tbat sheisatlibertytodepartifshedesiresBOtodo;that,to obedience to the orders of the Court, he baa tbe said Stoa here before the Jadge of tbe said court, to abide by such order as may be made to the premises.W. T. CONQUEST. Mr. Pierce then desired that tbe woman might be to-and that her carriage was being repalrexl; ' Sub- aequently learned that the horses aad carriage were hired at the stables of M"r, Philbun>, to Bslghbttho s»t»reet: that she sever could that said Pedro had any pre- perty,oTwasresponsibleferadollar;thatshehastaken particular palm to ascertain the feet, end allcan leara of her is that she goes from place to place in this city, among boarding house keepers and livery stable keepers,,obtaining oredlt by telling about the same storyfireworks, including many magnificent pieces, will be dis- played during the eveningTbe Princeto so exhausted by fttigm that ne not only sleptattbetableyesterday,butfellasleeponhorseback during the volunteer review. One day's rest would be the best entertainment tbat could be afforded him.a good breeze at the time of her cap imajorityInourSlatecannotfallshort ture,tbeMysticwouldhavebeenunabletoovertakeher.ad it to the bank tor was to leave to the evening. In a state of high excite- found,by tbe Collector, tbat no person or tbat name waswhich bia body was violently contorted, Indicating some-what the presence of strychnine, and snot tly afterwardsdied. An inquest was held, some half dozen physicians (Ala ) Ccrtftdiratim. The Ad»»K^«<i*iesj"i»y»y"_ were called, and the stomach was finally taken out andbr ^T ef oft ohresidence No. 886 Broadway, was set down as a merchantinstead ofa lawyer; and Bobt. L. Stuart, Esq., sugar re- flner, residing in FOth avewoe, was not accorded either a buinesa or residence; Frmcto Hall, editor, instead ofJones, president. No. $7 Bast Fifteenth street.iKavaJ Intelligence.Commander Thus. X Page, to charm of the survey andexplorotionortheParammdUibutortetoftheParm a jriver, reports from Buenos Ayres, under date of MthofJune,thatthe work Lasham broughtvary near to aclose. He bad given permission to m e of his sastotmto, Lieutenant Charles P. McGery.to return to the UnitedYrstcnisj tba m n • — ewrtwA.smma-Tk» facts are briefly three; Yetrtrr STr. Yancey met Colonel SeitMls aad seta so bun that he had grossly elan dered bis father in tbe Cmftderatitm that he came to re sent the insult oflered to him, and that he warned him to defend bimself. Mr. Yancey then struck at Colonel Sei- beMivpsatedlyirltomnrdtoarystsecme, but the Colo- nelkepthislargeopenumbrellaInfrontsoastifendoff. and pushed him forward, evading m y hard blows, untiltng two bottler (one of which is supposed to nave been doctored), took himself a drink, and probably from tbe wrong bottle, Msborfly after he was also taken sick, and diedduringyesterday.pl£^dlandErnest M Bouligay and Adolnhe J. Miller as they were about going out to fight a duel. They were taken before BeetrderBtfhe and had to furnish bonds to keep the peace for six months.staawaaoremm Iirrmnmr or Aimumau, VA—The Alexandria Gatette ravs that the capital invested in manuThe assumption, on Mr. Yancey a pert, tbat I am not to be 'treated as a gentleman,'- to the cheap resort of a msnd.Jr., &Co., which you can use if you think proper. facturisg in tbat etty is reported at 8487,120. The raw coward, who seeks refuRe from tbe resoomlbillty'• usualsaat to-day. Yuikwho AllmandhCo. 788 bands, of whom 027 are males and 168 females. In Hto s m hm aassnlted me m the street for arttatos totwe BtmVvGaf*-.BeU. A warm debate IB going on. The charge thatthe vance, on account of the demand of tonaajw fbr China.In the upper story. He gave tbe alarm and soon tbe en- United States receiving ship North Carolina, tbe crew tAS u p e r i o r C o n r t - S p e c l n l T e r m . Before Hon Judge Boaworth.nscisiow.Acorn 30 —Btbwmt JhawcA </ the &&. Svik <f <*uland left wiU» the Special lerm Clerk.to (he 24thprcei-H't »frcm ffhwithna we •atpmeatothenarriving.men.'' Hehassavedastbemeesstoyofpublieh-.nghim asacowardbyadverttolagIthimselftoadvance.BroobJyn City News.DssTBCcnvs Fran—A fire brjjke o i t between three and four o'clock yesterday morning at the chemical factoryTheUnitedStatessteasmfrigateWabash»w»a«ap"u*t*t»n?o*rw/• dockatthteBrooklyviniNavyYardeonthbe2Stabtost,for repairs. It is not tbe intention of the Navy DepartmentBatforimmediateamdoty.hat bevnharready to fit her out foradvices have totheFriday with his wife, aad oa Friday evening started to Ohio, telling his better half that be would be back to time to take her borne. He did not come back, and Mrs. B.wentbornealone,whereehefoundtbatMrs. Milzner. wbo wm childless, bad taken about a hundredand twentydollarsofherhusband'smoneyaaddepartedto parts unknown. The previous intimacy of the parties immediately warranted toe conclusion that they bad gone offtegether. Baden took all tho ready money of which be wm possessed, kaving hia wife to get along u heat sheDram »Roa IHBBrns or a BairuBSuan—The Northern fWHii>rrawtew says tbat a resident of Susquehanna De- pot, named John England, died on Thursday test from tbeh o n o r TM e n g e s « " tosult offered hbn, act b y acta, but tolmd.wbmebemdsrrtvedwithktonag ship, tbe Con- wortsTeaS-d^rttose W ^ " * ^ ' ^ ^ ^ ? stellation, on tbe 23d or Jane, from Porto Frays, tstoateam stoop Mohican, Onsasunrtor Godon, wm aba to bypubBwhtogtbatwe "aroaettobe treated as gentle- port.Tbe B-giteh and Trench governments are taking ap shipsin a barrel with m e bead out, for tbe purpose of exhibit- ing it. To give tbe curioue a view or his prisoner he stirred him up with a stick about a foot long, when tbewhich were greatly reduced to numbers by tbe draft for- warded from her to tbe United States steam frigate Pow- hatan. The Brooklyn Navy Yard has, to eoosequme*, be-Douglas party will role or rein baa been repudiated andwill prove that, so far as the action '<< kfer firm ratea for some time. The sepply of tonnage snake retaliated by biting him in the left hand. Someat hteh rates to convey their treop* to the earth, and w eEwMwamrr -The Wheeling (Va.) IsfsMtgrrmr of the WGALLA^B!U1 28th says the town of Titodelaato w m thrown into n slight state of excitement on Friday last, by tbe announce- ment tbat aa elopement bad taken place. A Mrs. Mltzner, wife ofa ehoemaker, and a Mr Baden, a huckster, ran away togeaber, toe former leaving a loving husband andmake an attack which be had not ptrtant cities near had bewewptured by tbe rebete, caus- self. If the articles written by me "F*JTM»&{, I Jjf- ing great alarm among the Cbrnese, m d m mttre starpea- Yancey had bis remedy. I held myself ^ T »*» .»•*• SJBBUof business with toe interior.to respond to m y demand he might nteko: but be skulks..engineer of tbe establishment, was on bis way to the factory when be saw the flames toning from a wlolow^rrrigktt. -Since our test ^efghto nave continued to ad- bite of a rattlesnake On Wednesdav be bad the snakeyeste'rday arrested Messrs.767 Broadway,stableproprietors,claimt oinr to month of September, 1860, when ahe came to her bouseto takeroonn; tbat m e represented horse f to be or roya blood, the daughter of Don Pedro of Portugal, and tun she bad a fine place, which she owned, on Staten Inland which she proposed to tot 8) deponent: tbat dtepmeaor nor tbe said place for $1,000 per year, down to Staten Island aad a fine house on the bill, a short distance from Tmderbilt'e landing, but when stepomnt destrad to go in aad aee tt, said Pedro objected, natter the uiatones tbattbe suite, sailed in the 1salute at tbe viDage one mm ileft without paying the same or m y part thereof; thattaxedtarmypropertyinthattownMary A. Bellinger deposed that about three yearsagoAim. , A brief despatch announced the rencontre of B. U JTbeparty arrived atMontreal at halfpsst six, andpre cseded to tbe residence of Gen, Williams, where tbey dined in state.The Prince will leave fbr Ottawa tomorrow morning, stoppiof. *t St. Anne, Carrilcn and GrenvCle, a lUUe vil- lage oficTea hundred tnbabitaate.COWtoCTIOK. ^. Inpublishingyesterday tbenamesmdeecanattotoofcey and Colond J. J. Seibtto, editor of the^o/^e*emrythe snsnmMtoe appointed to receivs tbe Prince of Watea hi 24th instant rays:—An affair of honor, between a Custom the covering was knocked from the umbrella, and at teat Mew York the fottowtog maccuracies occurred:—Horacethe latter a wits and child. Baden came to market on more familiar witb the walla of a tod than frith uwthor as lata as June 30. Hewaathm at West Bay, Prince'swmiBmt, that Dooglaa < reaelve theICeflegeoftbe State, baa been wi^rm fan Francisco tbe barks ©award and Carrie Leland are a stopor from which be never recovered. He was taken New iork; am) Firemen's Trust Company of Brooklyn, tt. TTat. and Taea » Hdoe.—Case aad except.ona MtUtU,isolations are nominally tbe same sn in onr last. Forteaomg, with tea, ofl, *c., ho, . t .Ihog**;gad died go Thursday morning.Untitled DocumentEuropeanThePrinceThere will be a great tune to the Ingtoteture whltto she told deponent; tbat deponent went with Mr. Van meets tomorrow, on account of the snobbish manner inof Messrs. Durkee A Co , in Sedgwick street, near <Colum- vent any decay hwm defects which may bia. MT. G. W. Durkee, a member of the firm and tbe during ber last era toe.gines v. ?re on the spot, but witb no avail, as tbe buildingwas destroyed. The building w m erected about tw oyears too by Mr. Charles Keteey for tbe Messrs. Durkee.The main bull ling was three stories high, m d composed gun to assume Its usual appearance of activity md bottle, of brick, with two wings, each of which were eighty feetdeep tnd one story high. The frontage was sixty feet.rance Company of New York, md tbe Messrs. Durkee were itsured against losses for $1,500 in each of tbe following companies:—Standard, Firemen a Friend and Market of, .trip yesterday received by toe teniae- la the river. Heblaaself, witb of the valutas, to firing aThe Boston Fsalleers, b y Prince tost evening, and were iTo day the Prince has gone to fitorbreohe, a Uttte vii- lege ninety six Bailee from here, to receive aadressas; but be returns this evening, when be has promised to attend the People's ball, whtob, at tbe ttokete are only one dol-h a sthat said Pedro was born In New York,;and that Two hundred Jesuit priests escorted the Priam to tt efrom Montreal. Here are tbe largest aawmilto to Canaia, a man named .Emerson, wbo owned it for several years; Fifty workmen, neatly attired to white pants rndblj*that or of m y property owaad by thipersonorthat no one knew of any such person: that deponent made diligent search and Inquiry all over the neighborhood of New Brighton m d Staten Intend tor some person who knew {aid Pedro, m d wss unable to findany person who knew such a person or whoever knew her; that deponentby any person by that name;r flerrioee are aom required, a s well m to osse her sarrtowi«»»^« **>%< » - - ,t ) pre*Tbe I'nlted States Naval Rendervoos at No. t Cherry street baa inanmsmawsd ehlppttg men with more vigor tbaa aawal, every day bringing additional strength te t a nt o Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com. > . - -. 