 .alleged questionsuper- that if the Cottonthedeclared himselfvided for the trip. and coarseOfficial returns of tlie Ohio election from nearly weekall tlie counties in the State, have been received, occasionsthe except festivalllghtegleamBng^kad'swhite andsand over the vote of 1857. The ret ims from Indi- Paris, and cloths which would cot obtainthettili^llHld, which is a gain of about sixteen thou- boots and shoes made a good way this side of—of mischief. Every bllinder which has dashed of great artists and architects pass un-ailj^how a Bejiublican majority of about thirtymasses,black,of all evil, it is because egotism is the mother person criticized,about the Prince'syontofolbreast Batana indicate'Aat the Bepublicans liave carried thatState by upwards of ten thousand majority. The premiums at New-England fairs.official returns come in slowly, and ladies dress in fine Fannsylvania silks,the success of the recent visit of the English Prince,andonwhichNew-Yorkersmustnow uncensured:aggressions upon Southern rights, hedo not materially vary the result as already an- nonn^d. We publish this morning a variety of ciaments by the Southern Press on the result of these eiectioBS, which will be read with interest.will lose Middle and every large Northern,;and althougli committee aa'veddy mass-meetinglastevening,and listened toWhile touching upon this point, it may bePbovinclal Towns.note with what zest our provincial neighbors;theBartoundergohissecondtrial. InFebruary fromalltheStatesnorthofthe36thparallel ? But if we suppose the people of Louisianatoeverybody. Thencametheballwithits plefortheirplaces,desiretobe,independent to Bostonmannersinthelightofour deckandthestractnresuponitwillthnafinmthe improvelaat, he was tried in the Generalthe Becorder, when the jury failed to agree. 'Tes- terdayfseveral witnesses were examined for tlieenough heases'liad been examined for the defence when cumstancesportsto thetrade ofpersonagestown to toe weak points of the New-Yorkincluding the paying tellers of the Kaasan Bank, and Ur. BoKneb himself. Two wii-proseeution,theginesby 16 feet stroke. The paddl«-wheel«the Court adjourned. The theory of the defence is, as it waa at Ae first trial, want of identity thatso weak ment The idea ofby engineSessions,beforebewilderments. Had the committee-men who of the popular judgment The doctrine impliedweb of a girder, and will give the vessel great stiffiieaa. The ships will have two beam en-like the VoJuferWif'*, with lOO-mch cylindersLekringo«t of Ttew tor 'tt» pnwat th«30, upon GakitBAUl ever had an idea of counseling the have access to at the moment, the revenue of thepopular curiosityinterest. Citizen-soldieia left their To this all must be sacrificed.House represente aU toe States a^ toe;declarationsmeUeal Tlewn «rpi«aBl«B—TkeHave the people of Suton an««nacM«»- bis compaiqr was eafcntiarera Trxas eatimated the iMa theyquiat •«•- efofort on the Hudson r Did he de^rfto in-tainbyharlBgtheBedBivereioeedagatat •tmotthePrinceintheartofetfiAgkisdiaber, Legisltthtre; and'itisImpoaNblBtoea-'tlily ;rising generation,cessarily presuppose superiorityknowledgeandofclothing drink no winethough it is conjecture based upon the charac-A fewally. But it is safe to assume that a second- rate Northern city consumes more foreignrcbuked, or ;the theof great authorsit was discovered toat the tionable effect was produced by the broadonand all ladies in silks of some sort, occasion-beingAa immense mass meeting of the Bepublicanswaa held at Auburn yestCTday, which was ad-dteesed by Hon. Wm. M. Evaets, Gen. Nti, andosiers. A report ofthe i)roceedings willbe found by these States is doubtless very considerable would never have in' our columns this morning, telegraphed specially in amount, and quite important to Northern competent peopleto the Times.Senator DorOLAR yesterday reached Kalama- prosperity. But this trade will not bezoo, Hich., OB his political pilgrimage. He was lost, even if the scheme of secessionmet by a great crowd, which the telegraph esti- shall bemates at 25,000, and escorted through the princi- pal streets. There was also a torchlight proces-.'sionataighLIke Yoong Hen's Bepublican Union held theirthey believedto beAbolitionist. Not finally decided that if garters were excluded accordingly permitted paaa.goods Theyear,than the six disunion States. of Northernin a consumptionattempted.considered thatjirhatever other Statesour law courts is a perfectly valid one, andSuch are the excellent resulte offestive entertainments not to the young aadmay do, Louisiana cannot' and will not secede. New-Tork herself is not bound to the Confed- eracy by stronger ties than Louisiana. Thissovereign opticsIt isnot to be abandoned without lic intereste.damagetopub-sixdays in on.at |^S;7684S). Of thia -%t amount thesixStatesvrideh-akMe woaUentertain the misfortunesareincurred.'thon^tofiffiaaBioniatlieeTeBt of Kr. IdH<- «oui'8 election, Tic: Soath Carolimw.Oeorgia, Ahhama, MJawiBsippi, Fiwida, and Texas, im^A Tisitattoa of Taalties.The Prince of Wales lias no smaH reason toOf silly men and their silly vanity. min." The Journal treato this as conclusive the CUef Maahbrati hir .a imt—f^silli Om^ Tethowcaa we qaanal aharply with the of toe radical and revolutionary designs of proving Crm tkeietntBS of UtSttst a«'Bep«MlaHa>,. =.stressnot SenatorWiuox,thathetrustedtbeBepabli-ioMaiiiateoccupationofBorne,attheriskofa popularnaitlriv 'wiA Fiance. Further intelligence con- that department for the year, in the six States homes and their business to honor him; myriads procession to the prancing little Oeneiidsconceive this to be a wetf;great occasions,look back with shame or vexation, is distinctlysome one man, or body of men. Even those else of humancommit^Adabftia«*«r. If calcalatedtti»valueoftteUaM.consUtational problema IhtcIvM 1b Hm qnes- tMa r Has CharleatoB ealealated (he laaa d beguilefl|ewith honied strains of cbpe the impreasioB that in loew^ing to sockcould be orpnaiaabaUerlesnltothanaaebaSslu^ltioiiofDiaunkm,wepropOMbriefljtopolst shewintoanstain by having her railioad to doquentta&roat some practical objeetion to fli*as a remedy forHi If",fbatft^—^mm (rieTaiioe*, real orit l^pears that the band damor, toe Bench has had leas regaid fm so- Meaipllla broken up at Chattanooca? All already engaged to aooonpaay tbe beat was cial weUkn toan for inndry politieal at parti- these qneationa, and a good many othefa, sent home again by the Collector's orders, the san considerations best known to themselves.Oiey \gum^.poarfbte reason. Tor fbrtkiDa, oboM*-•VfIt is worth while to impress, if only upon onewhich feD upon the form ofroyal heir did udeed amaze toe Traerahla Mr. Lincoln* himself, arbiter of New-York elegance with an axura^iiw luwa w(What0|>nectorBoBiuhareInanpposiagtoat l(jgldatioi!i,*tioptrip_»great reason to donbt wketlier tiie anflbringa ern States reaolve upon a secession frtnn tbe why in the world shouU the Ctdlector have must at all evento question toe nltlmato wis- TOai nrackly)—TV« DeuAU • ofthe North wooU be ae iatotorabto, ia o6b- Union. They mnat not expect to go out of the imagined that the Prince, after enjoying his dom ofthe Judiciary, which Hr. Justice Goitldfcrltra J>9t^ttkelinrHtoMn^sequence ofthe aeoeaalon of tre or aix Sonth- Union and attU continne to eujoy its benefits. company at ball-suppeTsaad Mayoial lonehes, emStatea, aa Ib.JaMnitA his dtaaaioa On the contrary, they may look for aay would pine for the atote delight amidwould evidently like us to aceord.Aa B«>ta«all— af€toI observe toe (bIkMrii« atftameat H the "has 'iiJKs^MiaBI,0>8 eJlBOBr—Xnral riAlA^KnCMfbnDEJfBtt—AnsnAmoa.iirliiinpT TBUlBMUmin M A Fnziiu-BMOilF 1BIATBK-ll*«-T«u is n Is—Tut Ub- ^tl'XMsOlV-AUmir««L»'819IAQX.AttAMrtm.'g, HftWi B^aoB-KnomaMXiWS OF TUB DAY. .j^vi^atesnivedat Halifax j^^eterday, and a'fea3f!W Hw<-TaK ^n^HOC «B«»: «idiU«rleaaca ftr do«A>t, to Bay Oe'Ieast Duij^-jOiBfaealyear,^nttlfffone80,1859,oBibe;psiatu^as«*a.flrienda aeem to imai^. .B7 withdrswiBf ammmi of ^or«lMHaa.Brj. Tuns:^m' the Galon, the polltloians of these ex-treme Soathern'Btalaa seem to suppose that their^ Ov*.ia They wiU BooBEVKLT on the same oceaaiea. made a bar atead&st earaestness, that toe BepubUc^ FrariOeatektheywlH be made to feelthe oenseqnenceaof BQghlands T We shudder atreadingthatJudgennfiriendly legislation," byHmfdly every possible way.Van urn MIT Pri««i "> w»»»»«i»i afttalUowarmhaatroidc at die rereai^ and be subjected to heavy taxes, while their re- of his learned leg, as Catherine Seyton in Scot- Party is pledged to toterfere wito the rightopeople. Becommerce of the conatiT, and that the eom- sourcea are curtailed. Theirnot "win lose the last farthing of intoieatia expect hi^' 1^' niak6 a muff" ofand intereste of the SlavehoUing States. Ithad IM,O0tleai-aat Hr. pSuavnatea aboat2t,0«»-uiltfeat,lntM4,vet7iMr«r._negroes away, but cannot be reclaimed. Theywill run will betish story did of her lovEtly ann, abnt the Princeu;firvafonr irf the report of Gambalbi'b success 'which we asaome to be in favor of Disan- of hard-working men and womed sacrficed a the ball of the upper ten to the patriarchal will trespass, in the least degree, upon South- great mistake. The peoide, to «neh an elae^aatfMt -tke Itontl troops at Caserta is received.and theem righte, or do anything of which consider- tion, are not represented at aH the Ststetf gorman- ;is said to have sent a telegram to ion, was $647,000, Geiioaittnoimcing vtctoty along the whole line 621,000. Here, then,eaittedHeapolitan territory, hot it was expected of nearly a million. If the people of these their money, to celebrate the ai)Cii ta do so, with ViCTOK 'EtLUfVML himself at strength,if BsaXASi by tlie former. The Sar- rhaiiilii IN had passed a decree anthoiizingquietly,chargeTrinityvote ofGov. Hunt considers an electioBiIbssItheir Postmasters to resign, we confess that J^'-touinexthoseprmfncesofCentraland weareunabletoseehowth^ircontiunacyisIFlorida, representing 47,000*bfoneSouthern Italy which ezpnasad a desire hj ballot to briog damage to the Northern States, or at is in no mere outburst of national boasting thatta beccme a porUon af the Sardinian Constitutional^^aM'airivsil at New-Ot^ans from Brazos, we States, whose newspapers and merchandise lute, of any similar demonstration in any capi-The—cal position, and toat he will present himselfof 'What he a sectional stylesminnity. DoeaIfce Prince of Wales and suite left West PointBut it will be ficial view ofthethat this is aand flashes of what Stonet Suth sporadicCity journals generally uponadop- the with in North, SlaveryyaalndayIbrenoon at 11 o'clock on board theHow —ram Pbixcsoot ibto tbk Bau. Itkaaitf^ftttiT Ihutiel Drcve, which had been handsome-"might have called a brilliuit incompetency ;"States. He hasin favor of an efl!cient Fugitive Slave Law, beemery oonfidortly asserted that the Pateeaaf and opposed to negro sufirage and the politi-. Wales, on at the BaO ik afrom Hexieo. Thethe action ofare now excluded effectuallyOyer Eng- at once on the law in question, and upon thesubmit, either to the privation of mail facili- ties, which they now enjoy almost gratis, orto know more about law than the Beneh triiuiphant itsolt" evidently resenting in this extremelystitution in all iU parts.sarytosupplyequalacconunodation.goodfeeling,wehaveseensomanycuriousopposedtoanyinterferenceofCongress,orof scarcdy^flttfldopand decorated for the occasion, and States import little directly, they are never- so many absurd manifestations efat o'clock. The Uayor and 4JirBJJlMid Albany OtrOasmeilofAlbanymettheBoyalpartysome iHs&nrf helow the city and welcomed theai, and OB hrfr arriv^ they were escorted to their hotel br a moccssiwi of the military and civic societies, ng§nc ibo Capital boiidings on the route, wlierstheless great coBSiuners ot Northern importa- tions and manufoctures, and that this South-so toate to Bumble the Beadle the complimentsappearing Acaden^ regard bloe waistcoat with gold bottons, wasto turn a moral iha^EngaMked vsdton were welcomed in a value the amenat of European goods con- cial sixpence at the cost of their feUow-crea-of aai Bec^toia,Gov. KoBeAV, which was replied simied >|iart9eech by bypoli- questionable learning, and wUcii the agreea- small emoliunents and short tenure oi' tlicbut we think that our^fl^^everal distmguished persons being present people of those States are almost exclusively ble, but certainly more amumng tfiis less in-tatjtrnnd ItO^'B '^ behalf of the Prince. In tlie (iriii^ftii party dined with the Governor and histiciansoflargelySouthernasInvitedguests,amongwnomwasGov.Szwabd. agricultural Q* Boyal party leave to^lay at 9 o'clock, by theWestern Bailroad, for Boston. A special car,somewhat particularly uponPmxCoopebthey have no great citiesreside in the country, where it ia the fash- 'handsomely fitted and furnished, has been pro- ion for gentlemen to wear coarse bootsBench fend so to powerfiilly repelthe better;repeatedlyem commerce is essential to thethe North. We are not disposed to under- lionaires.thefriends greatly over-estimate it. Theto toe restoration ofand fortify the Constitution and the Union;;theywearbut pect of the story.notlessinstructive—as-IMcnceo(theAmericanis entirely wideSouth,'the public peace,still more thoroughly in toe affection and con- the nc plus ultra of faU dress.expenditure f1,- day's bread, doubtless, to the pleasant fiope of Beau Nash ;the Hudson Biver tone'^BtttitoroC OMntitms. The Sardinian army had not yet the Treasury by the secession of these States, firemen in the world gave him their time,their the alter itself to opulent vestrymen and to 8ligh,test reason to complain. If Senator Wil- the sime vote as New-Yort. How arewould be asavingtoseeing himthe noblestof volunteerandate and Southern men will have the as such, alone vote, aad Florida has preciselyleast the Bepublican inhabitants of those we assert the impossibility, utter and abso-the GrandSonttiem in-tolerance. It may also be doubted whether will be lost upon the fiitare Edwabd ofthe conaiderate Union,i««M-1«ter inteUigBBceJtaMT QtovfemmeBt ^ ^s^rovedIhJhrtlJ *W> Ik seizing the tondacta, and had or-iImimI ill restonticm. Dkooixado had been de- the peoi^e of the seceding States will readily land prived of lus command, and had been ordered toT«aa Cms as a prisoner. The Joarez Govem-mmt, it seems, do not consider it creditable topoA opeiaticBis on capital borrowed in any such to the heavy taxation which would be neces-byTerminer,seized theequallytion and of every Stete, and resolved faith-fully and wito firmness to maintain the Con-result? Would toe to his Souto,prosperityofintended for the whole parishsomany mil-musttoat some at least of theadmittancebythe modem Petromins who,XJie.will very promptly take steps to dispel. theButcotemporaneously'with this;bodydizing politiciansgarrulousoldlawyers;patriotic"^generalthe head. A better feeling is reported as existing States refuse to allow the United States mails festival. And all this was done without the on the fly-leaf of presentation prayer-books, ferent expectations, we beUeve they are des- numbers, represented to such an eieetiaa,lOsjOBAlAi and TiOTOB EtCAJiiniL, since to pass through their borders, and compel command of any central authority,when their wishes are nullified by the si^laasthousand different but harmonious wills. Itcordially, successfully,byOa fogs that have been tiirowp around his poHti- House less dangerous than by the popular to(^tal of Europe. We do not believe the lessonof sec- everyand it would be hardly courteous for us to insist too broadly or too long upon ite moral."Press. To the latter he referred as claimingjndgmiia^ submit more readily ,to tiie election iff Ltaeacir;the House than to his electionple ? This is the only fair 'way of testing tte principle which he lays down. We eaathecourseted by toe Judiciary in regard to toe act. How preposterous any such claim on behalf personal . ofthe Press would be, were toe Bench filled consequence, manyattempts appropri- witoMansfieldsandHardwicks,Marshallsa so- tures, thatwe owe it to ourselves to dwvUCommittee hotel,spiriting,certainlyorder of legal talent.And, as a general rule, it may be submittedto Justice GocLn tiiat criticism does not ne-people. may say,tryingpennyorsurdity vanishes, in days when toe elective;beownedfills the seate of jnstice wito|to commentserved to artists, architecte and authors great- chargeable to the small and selfish vanity of er than themselves. But law, like everythinggarments,blue ribbon of the Garterobjec-rightmodernfound in a position to do mischief, had not existing law codes by the profoundest of ex-them toFor it is to be function rather than fail to sun themselves in son the right of criticizing toe proceedings oftheir silly vanity urgedattenpt any isting judges. For this comprehensive rea-the serai-royal eyes of our guest, and theof ourselves his hosts.plain, for instance, that the cruel and senseless delay which robbed myriads of our people ofconfidiivbeen byjournalism,as thecompletest ofNot one cf ihem would vote for Liscoln if judge and two medica^men took part, it wasela^lMnt addresses from Hon. E. K Foster, of must be to one who will reflect the plcasiire they had so patiently expected, as well to say at once that whatever objec- in Philadelphia and Boston chuckle over what minded votaries o^ pleasure, but to tiis piaoaOonneetiBUt, and Wm. Ccbiis Noyis, Esq. A apparent any and sent the Prince tearing up Broadway to tions there might have been under another devotees of percentage, and toestraigUastpkiMtec ftliety was given to the occasion by the for a moment upon the condition and re- sys- they style the failure of our reception- of thetSt^fiifti &ti Bocky Uountain Glee Club. sources of New-Orleans. That city is at the his hotel after dark in the fitfull blaze of half- tem to such censorriiip, an elective Judiciary Prince. The lofty tone of patronizing con- processors of toe stralghtest secto.fke parties charged with a conspiracy to de- mouth of the river on the lighted gas-lamps, mingled with the spasmodic has no right to urge toem. It is directly of descension with which they chronicle oar mis-— FastTxaksatlasticStxaiobs. Weunder-fimnCsereialoftheUarineInsuranceCompanies grejitcst continent,of fbis City, by the wreck of the bark £. A. Kmt- and is the natural emporium, of the Mississip- glareman on tne.Bah«ma Keys, are undergoing ezami- never have occnned had General Sajtcfosiimonth of the New-Orleans Ohio,wouldbe-tifybeing 13^panelw«i&mada little more of making a ball which everybody who came toin theJudge 'regionas to submit to thethe crowd on its behavior. It advises them conetrnction ofto close herMississippi 'Valley, we can under no cir-imagine the people of that vastorganizedthis festival,thoughtphrasebetter,who control these matters in toatarrange- shutting up the mouth ofwith a socialBut whatever estimateof accidental Roman would and from the candles,Wepation before Jnstice COHHOLLT. The allegation the curse of its trade now extends and his associates been only half as anzious evidences of their fitness for them ; of toeir them toe enjoyment toey derive7rom this in- lantic line. They are to be constructed of woodpiValley. Althoughspoiledofitsdestinyby Slavery,tivelylaughable.certainlydo notenvybuild two fast steamers for his tnuuat- passengerthe dafendanta ia ttat they chartered thevessel, filed her with goods of comparativety littleTalue, and then obtimed policies of insuranca, its tributaries, and if it were possible to they were to parade themselves before tiie exercise of judgment, their patience, and im- like toe burly husband who permitted his small length is to be 4^0 feet, beam 5S feet and depthajaiBitboth the Prince and theMwliftteUlls of lading, to the amount of cat off these sources of its at the* hero of the day. No mistakes of a pro- partiality. Their occupation of toe Bench is and ill-tempered spouse to beat him, because only 17 to 18 feet. There will be no soSd bul-.'fltitllB tte object bring to sink the vessel and (Mm, fhe.iDsaisnce money. The ezamination wul be continued to-day.prosperity,Southern line of Tennessee, or even at the gramme,no miscalculations would have this demonstra- toeoretically contingent uponit didn't hurt him, while it did relieve and gra-warks of the ordinary kind, but the decks will bs as thick and solid aa the bottom of fte aUp, aadfor thousands of miles up the Mississippi andtogratifypeopleas legal acquirements, their shrewd and ready and braced in the most subtantial manner. Tfaair nocent style of criticism. We feel very muchstood seriously in the way of an hooeat tion and so long as it is so, nothing is more ;— thedeck-houses insteadofher. '^In the' Court of Oyer and Teiminer, I>.Ani> come a ruin. Its exports now amount to desire on the part of these persons to make ridiculous than for toese creatures of toe pop- The Boston Advertiser is wiser than some —will be constructed like the tides of a ahlp, aitKBuOB, indicted for foinng a check for $3,IM, in everybody as contented as could be with toe ular win to claim exemption from popular dis- of ite bretoren. thl name of Bobebt Bokmib, the well-known $100,000,000 annually ; its imports to $18,-aspublisher of the Ledger, was yesterday placed at 000,000. What would they be if separated history of a gala-day which belonged of right cussion ; and while dependent upon toe peo- Pharisaical as the rest, it has the wit to try sharp, like a ship's bow, to divide the water. Theit could enjoy, and a little less of themselves and their half dozengrati^rlngputindis-play, and bids toem take waminjg. It lectures 60 feet in diameterwill be 12 feet bucket. Thisis in accordance with"that there is no harm in—aide wt^akMa." The Grand Jury made an im- lions who are destined to people its banks theportant prMentment, ccBMrfatgiBBeveie terms UieraoBqt cbangpa in tbe law lefeniiv to capital privilege of egress to the sea, is too preposter-tmUmmuBLla the General Sessions, Saxvkl ous for a moment's consideration. The Mis- own impatient and militant desires. Ag^fn, ever of the mischief done by the publicity it is. This^is rather beyond the dress circular material both he and thepubhc wo<dd4>e "-&efriendsof squeeze adoles-maybe formed ofas of CoinmodOre VAHPEBBIlt's ocean chips. We wish the Commo-priionerpractice successfulI,playingisnecessary? InatownspoutingIs tbeand theapiece,and wavfsg the beston the North Biver, experiencetinued to-day.The Stock Market was dull at the closethat the mostwho must take charge of the Prince's he must harvest his little crop of violent because he had nothing to say. Wito this ex- and Marcii 22, 1858, entered the. channed cmdegnilty party,proofcheeringand toat3tare " is not all toat decorum willof our Committee.Nashwith an assiduity at least as agonizing to its in the State have been at pains to apprize all facetious. It exultlngly exclaims that " no 450 feet long by 60 feet beam, or 9 beans bl Isacto :or diepreef mostly tuoia -upon a question of the Father of Waters, and to the mU- cent royalty, they would have been veiy care- this and otoer analogous question.', or of the " denyingof handkerchiefs,"the "simple,well as theItty%tffKWlwaatriedforassanltaponJohx sissippiisthehighwayofacontinent,and wehaveallsortsofblamelaidonMr.PanswhichtheBenchhasinsistedupongivingto; satisfiedinthelongrun.The &otia, now buildm« by the Cojwid C..^rdt*eoting him with a pistol on July 4,of one little State at itsCoopsBforplayingthe Beau patriarchalUiesedefects. Thethe wmtMB for attemptjudicialauthoritiesmouth to I fpoda, was tried and acquitted close it up and destroy its utility, would be as ^ toftuie Supreme Court, before Justice absurd and entitled to as little respect as thathighestIn one point, however,the Advertiser istheirNew-Yorkand lAie,ist Liverpoolyester- day, the favorable market news from England, fail-which findsits outlet to the ocean her throughcelebratedto beguile hisfailnot are cured.Parislens 1», IBM, (Jet. ofing,day,as anticipated in the toborders, with its tributaries, will afford unri-into eachearly prices. CentralUquoted|strengthencent, lower than valed faciliUes foryesterday, say 89Jthe dictated by a policyshe astonished the impressible Eml«ss, the applause of the less impressible EmperorWsmuggling goods Union.j;:ion, Bostonworthyandw^ of theKxsns, indicted re-ny forthe 'VaiiderbiltshipswiUbeaUttlaaliavaT beaiM.^ tpolieation was made for an order ap- of an individual or p<wia • Beceiver to sell, for tlie benefit ofunaccustomed object as it wasall the worid beside. But what business for murder are only checked by the vision of provisionthe well-known sporting paper, the pen to own lots on opposite sides of Broad-Cooprk to bothe gallows,thatthe gaUows has been hewnhas and where every»cent. No change in Money portion of the Southernour speeches were all well imitation.or Foreign bills. The SUtc of Mississippi has Flour,'WheatandComwerefreely offered, and^companydreary way,Evidentlybeen though in £sir demand prices closed in faver of regarded as ripe for disunion. But whatjurious frost at tbe South, stimulated business inCotton, which was somewhat firmer. Provisionsa;iracte"I rather more attention. Rio Coffee waa t.) Ern'I thc'rccltor. to Mclilc, andwhom ;\Vm. H. Siwaed has declared thatchiir, mwcduuely issuethe Neiv-0rlean3 inai-: (;t *•a Kuui request. Sugars and 'Whisky wefe ItM^j ti'.tir sui'i'Uss it that pliicj? llaveciceror.i of 1<-. w-York, but simply bci-ause they want to have the lion of the day to them-hands of the Ksccutivc, uponis tlic re- and thus timeLiboolk wUl, if m»=t..e.Kjtkviel, Eay, Hops, Bcsin, Spirits Iji- (. uU.Jtri l;s:o~.o ii tliethe Southernvenerable Judge or two, andvriziud inl»eConfedeiacy;ofourCollegewho corporation mayhap-t the Tinu*. Decision was reserved. Bc-aame Court, theftrallel Bailroad case was .,,^i 19 and postponed until the 29th. IntheHa- .leCeiut, the suit against the "Benicia Boy." for the board of AnA Isaacs Uinken, wa.s set down ibrto-day. ThewillofCalebO.HaxsteuwaaU faire dam cctte galhrc f FlnuUy, we getgreat emporiiun admitted to orobate. Hr> Balstead was late of the Mississippi Valley, to exp<Kt the pro-prepared under the direction of P. T. VALXNTOTtClerk.way, to close our greatest thoroughfiue. Lottisiana, therefore, can never be counted in any scheme of disunion, for New-Orleansbeenreduced to adayby antoorityhidd,must still continue to be theTiie Ai^ver- heard thai Bvtijrrr, Hil-were fixed by the CommoBsentence to.President cf tne Manhattan Company. duce of all that region, including the State of is the old French criticism. Que diabU ailaitbi the Hudson County (N.J.) Court of Oyer and Mississippi, and to import all themust be dismissed without punishment.These tnitos, crime-provolting as tocyprobaWyLiABP, CcsBM«. i'ABXBm auJ a .^ore or twoAaiaaeaMXa.We shall never see the greatest ot magicians,whichthePrince underway for the Hudson River are, been haveproclaimedwith needless"welcomes"(c the Pnnce, andforeign goods they consume, except what are broughtmore,have written and learned by heartTiety of teatUQony was adduced going to show the interposedcomplicity of ttie accused. The case will l)e con- between the eastern and western halves of the Collector of the Port of New-'i'ork, a presentments so that ithopewell imitate our exampleand the great river,sundry possibleother more or lesstrip, not because the Prince needs their cheer- deaths before the alleged defects of the law- ctCi..jM afford theyJTMS.,„She-moIdEer^n Niewi-opurchase tlieyvp!b';'aJc,i..3;3ac9'.t9:tri,--p;;;c.Uoii giiv::a!'y,sjorisiliilityVahis tiaieAsIrjjlT!!! N '"'"^--•-TiTBjjlpui imaginary. And in the" first place there is must be maturely weired before the Soatb- latter supposition Is probaUy corrtct. But Or if tois impression be leas Oaa just, we qidaiaettbpdMlemta*.Sontli|rnwhltdi the fascinaUons of the lUisades and ther. Iiiaeate's C«aserratism.The Joumdl of Commerce insists, 'with wooldlietntkemereial and mannlaetariiig dtiea of the KerthnHI a| once fldl ioto rain. Bat mnat these brow-beaten and bollied by auch third and i|^ of Major Ann. Bat given aa ermined declarations of Senator Sswasd and' Mr. Lix-dentsfaave had vote."abaolMe ^Mttr <f1h>:teirfMe aar MIowfiram •tJv conseqnenceaaecea My-y-K w ConcLna ft Co-> Sanvflto, Paan., ^seeeaakm of the cottA States? Therd IsOf covtae Ifr. KATwaxwooU Dot " Maattaagtr ait^upfooTth-rato Powera aa Spain ai^ Mesioo.- Aidge in the wta[iquotesthein aandandODLK, toe fhct of a ladlcal hostility —assertingbetween Freedom- and bat lays l^oartriairl<t»na>««r s^erionaTheyOie pubUc Territ«>riee, fat the pnbUe ahipa, in Wmself? Ti« poitt Ib, &at aitnlned i^ial•—-"--'— I1caboose,told falm aU about the hang-oft-repeatedgrosaly-diBtortedb'cenyesterday. Judge Got^ld, sittinghemeanto thatthisatodeis sayhavingpresented byorigin, of commongrand election. It is to without preposterous'g idace, why should yon^f repiceqnt. tha tagifioo* oTa poUtol onMSMifv^imSm**'- osfciirtntbaehibiBSilfillSiareMtal, Gov. HaiikiS: ! the.totaltmpoitsoftheeoimtiywereral^andwJHlosethelasthopeofextendingSlw-'*to think,ofthemselvesmorehighlythan eanPartywouldretainandexefcisethepow- not>nal»ted*«t<twa>Baiiilij,whBBiUisveta^;*We have no doubt that he will proclaim himself opposed to the movement of the popular good sense and bitter and unsparing way the remarks ofthe extension or increase of Slavery, and equallybybytkepae-andEente,it is needless to confess. But itab-equality eminentlynegro^here and one there of thethe important tnith that, if money be the root or ability on the part of the critic over the tertoeie id 4m A* regulation black, viiich we have tiie Ugk M^tliis less —toorityforregarding aaprincipleelseerrorsthe predictions of liis enemies. Of onemoreover, we are very certainMr. Lincoln shall indicate any purpose toIte members seek to re- Uin their seats by furnishing the public with"haps, and censure our ill-breeding," is posi- stand that Commodore. Yandekbilt is about topeople.Godu> had therefore, be postponed until some sounderexperience. It directe toe attention of toe ujperofmethod of selecting our magistrates be intimate practice.th» JMaee'b'<ini« Abr^ fayiliaeca oTIhBSieaeh wiU obt^ dl Ibe aettoa •ff ,^.__Thepeople'sorthoughtany 'H-hole WelaicirruplciCWas»amBded.(h» • •'"'•tWttenotaiioa^aiiiiii;'Hkeotherfor the sake of which aH their risks and they oi^t to think ;" and forbear to turn a (irs oif the Government " till no nym -on the ii.al(a» ri fc«aaiauy« lat siiiMiiilii aaaasrotaiaac ^the pubUc boildlnga, in aU National propertf.- Judges, •ry,people,'rememberlaity for this, when we find the House of God ported onty about tS,600,000, 6r little more jejoice in the opportunity which his visit to invaded by the same absurdity, climbing hereMia aU their atreactkeitMa, he bweoataaded ttat ta ah ,thouldsimplepublicfestivalintoapettyglorification Continent should bold property in another tWpeopleta8aaeB(ibaa,iBrtteeaaBliyra*«lis«Wa baa nnarmlr wfewad tejIbtalgStlWiltef ^vm%toe Bepublican Party. eoulitiitedla(tihaaaMii«f a|B aeofda, aatweM'.tlian a htiodiedthirerememberthattheRereiine of tlie cottn-try dertrable firom imports is some sixty mil- and the instlncte of civilization can display In Trinity Church, and he is met with urge against it. It is quite as legitimate as omdsteatwitk tte fonu of the Csnailiiana. Ba-with his of oraerlimts, and ccmsidei that the portion of it which themselves, even under tlie pressure of a toe information iurnidied him on a print- toree-fourths of toe partisan logic of the day. deems Itmore.daageroiu to tke --"nil paaea maApartNew-Torkseeing principlesa littleThe Prince of Walespurposedefeatingof flie whole.Kow, ifafforded him ofto deserve a sterner name ?argument merely fbr theis these $3,600,000 of imports into paid,nponblessed ed that " the But in our judgment it is not likely to prove(tabmtythaaanel&stlanbjrthe Honae of Scfqisa-|!owneyeshoweasilyfliegoestosayhisprayerslowUiecboksetobamadsbr Is motew^tO^'- -in athe cotton States, wiH not exceed three-quar- with free institutions. And the people of who takes thehigherajf seeHoaal objeetiaaabletihananyothermodeofSisatii^'countryters of a miUion, we cannot fail to console New-Torit have grounda aa good for voice of extraordinary power and splendor." win be elected, and that the centred of the the gnmiid that the maansr of eleettoa nioiniitourselves with the reflection that the re- the remembering proudlybe at once dried op by the diversion of ttils lit- tf h. ~m«an«l tn that farwaided from tle tributary stream into new channels.gument It is bat reasonable tbat it shoold belirtntO^^Jtitee,isgiventhismorning. ThestatementlltifIt is also to be considered that tbe Federal? the same views which it now urges upon this arc ire not forced to feci that here subject. In our opinion, the great mass of the^liis explanation somewhat iiwwll<|ji# Oaiy;and notthat BlXTANl, late Secretaiy-General of GaM- Government 'would be relieved by the seces- protected by dynastic bayonets, hedged wi& Alas•CM^kad i^en ardais to oppose byloice the sion of these States from the burden of send- no divinity in the popular mind, and with no too the ridiculous and the disgusting spring i^ e^l^'iftbenedmanteae troops into the Neapolitan ing them the mails. By the report of the brother-Eingto welcome him to a court well- as naturally as mushrooms, from too mad de-members of the BepubHcaa Party do not lendelection of a PllwV dent by a plurality vole of the people. Bat H does not in toe least improve his pmltiaa aa''great popular excitement,programmeboy (James Little)*'*'ovations Tiiia is one word for thesources ofthe Federal Cktvemment wonld not which their own good sense and innate solos ;" two words for the church which Idres pass toto his hands. We are therefore notaforeign,alwaysfriendlyempire,nn- buntup !the least credit to toe representatibns of theirHU||m»ijl, it denied fay Bkuasi over his ownsig- PoBtmaster-General for the year ending June trained in courtly ways, has fairly wa&ed sire of all " to be first," not only in tob repub- opponente on this point. They do not be- preferringan electionbythe House ofBepn-ri^iuer He also asserts that neither himself nor 1867, which is the latest we happen to the waves of the andlics of earth, but in the Kingdom of Heaven flieve toat Mr. LmcoLBr has the remotest wish sentatives. In sneh an dection, he says, tta .' ".solosin thehas a effectual. The chances are that Mr. LtNcour Antoem, —ihi fipgrand—andwhatforthe inWhose onlycurioustoknow,butinterestedinknow- decorum clothed with dignity and grace. the boy AlmightyIn this third City of Christendom, the heir of name the " solos" are taken, and the Church ing, whether the Journal will then insist uponboyofthestatesimrc|irewnleABpolatorfua.Ut. RATHoaa has an andaDbied right ta dtoeat ftom this view of the subject, bat la oommentiiiif on tke ar-of interfering with Slavery inSouthern State. They do not believe that he people."servante of Christ who describe soir, or Mr. StTHKca, or Mr. Lovejoy, have dif- whole people" to New-York, three mOKim^ {^ themselves,.as " Theimpulse of a Church, New-York."tined to tie disappointed.After Mr. Likcoln shall be elected we thinkinAct ofOapital Punishment last Winter,gentlemenJudicial Stimolns t« Murder.ofJuryand to toe country as a Conservative, devoted toinoccasion to commentte erable to the other, witoont rrference to ftaAllthis,the Journalisofmight the mistakes and therefore much more likely to be just thanis amenable toftoehad been made in favorof manufactures that man must come under this head, for in- wisely, and impartially expounded and applied groat Western States, is an Abolition State. deliberation, in which a clergyman, a hatter, ablunders which may beable upon the overt incompetency of this or any arrogancC: we may assert to be as clearly,sayexceptionimmediately charge- principlessense, which,re-ful to limit the number of guests to the capacity detects in toe law of last Winter, which pro-of the house, rather than to the mean of flicir vokes their discussion, there is no doubt what- mit, although "some persons" seem to think of constructing iroa ships, and then use thehad Mr. PktkbThe the Foils on electionamusingto the bloodthirsty miscreants, whose cravingshas been made in Boston for long speeches." Pray, what special "provision"ia 8^ to Lplaces designated, at whichKeuistky.—Cooper is by profession a miUionaire and a longer vengeance for its most formidable tenth man is a professional speech-maker, no which tbe Begisters mset, as pabttdiBd yeetaidaythe patriarchal Beau Nash at all » BIr. Piteb down and thrown aside that law ;has noshall beaad atSnperviaon^ and the listphilanthropist, not at all a Beau Naah, breach tlioughn the TiHBS,of the Council,that the most fearful homicide, if possibly something of a patriarch, and the demonstrably deliberate and of malice afore-is ntedcd to stcureonlybe passed on him with justice thought, if brought to trial in their courts, <<«r hasterminer, yesterday, was commenced the trial ofPatbiok Dowdal and Chabus UcDebmott, forthe murder of Major KOPFEK, a ferry-roaster at the down the river from the North. Louisiana and Albany. We mean him to see the River frequency, forced upon the attention of takes this adroit method of heading them off. legion of Honor, and engineering'Weehawken Ferry, on the 20th of May last. A va- must, therefore, be perpetually and enjoy his trip. But here come in grand juries, and made the subject of 'VTe he will succeed. They may very may console ourselves with tae certainty tbatwacelebrities,made her dibit at the Bouffesof royalty at the house of the Princess M*TM^^''"f*;action of the authoritiesa superabundance of tloquenco.im- assassin can to know his capital opportunities, and thatin this Presidents, to beamongactionselves, topath.'-aonthe back, manipulate h;ra nii^lit havL been afforded for the law to be his views ahncjir-icogaiiu-^;*!^lie;»a;,.-;ai'Untitled Document; isquiterespect.alreadyvating wonder-work of this UlustrlouspersoB of Mile. Vic»»u, a young ^•'^,^'fJZ^illiteratefulbecause they arc so handsome as to adorn the regard to public safety would have been toHudson by their presence, not because the pop- have carried out the law to the point whcrc A Sensible Suoossrioa.—A dispatch from MHe.'vicTOKU has been performing her enchant-generaUybuyers. Beports frtnn Hobile of a severe and in- would her planters say to being cut off from ular voice has designated them as the natural each case left the Courts and passed into the Tt'ashington to the Charieston Mercury says :ments from Brussels to Braail.ivimiing golden opiB-diamonds o. praise froa hbas indeed -somerlght t»of finalt;v:.T.- fir-.T.dcu. c ed bv another csplanatory act, to Uxo toUtWOtts Of Uic SouUi. lnli'.s»uv-S^S^whlrli me^C^^'avulgarper-dore would inaugurate a more tnistwOTthy Ialready lonjRouKi RocSDi, who has taken to common Ufe, theof the—^It is vastly amusing tobut to toeThough quiteridiculouslywhere scieace,One sure,volnn- tt tred rather a long discourse, but toat >ras"elected to Uie PrealdenUat(uUreutatjU^ieapUijf tke Unitci 5tatsj, seltmg forthpolicy,morecspcciilljiii relationfrom all the world, and.mnii^alBle of 9m0imm-i*Now, if tlie Journal adopte this style of in a rnhMrity of over aiiOMia a* Aee aiaiei.of LiNCOLa's election, we have nofiiing special tof ffTi"tTir "tutri iiMl Ihn hpie. Bathisobjeetlaahasbeesnalfgnilypla^«a W who " takes toe Executive Department of the wiD tbe RapuUlcaiM leaves ttae entire people' la Siii iMiJGovemmcptrace. We conservative views, and ifcalthese ashis Administration adheres to them with firm- sided over theDcss and fidelity, we believe it will dOfftribntQ 1 <brc^ to letua to Jiiajecture. To a certain extent tois is true,ta]f^>BiDS|^,aBWagtion. "iri, aMpMiiofconrser-^wbatwa t*.Slavery,uponadecirtttoii inqMtMto to Wftalnbisibsta wi^i&i of theiriiltiMlU siiii—irI—- "I-iland stated. ' ^matU^ fairly CORSBCTtMU^Hunt's tothe objectionbelievetoathewUlmuntatoit inito Southern ftdl extent.'of Mr.Weareassuredthatallthisonly con- of the record. The first 0oiy of the gaa-onThe moment coat, and completely inspecting his imder-Western State, which may haye aided his in the circular ofthing,throwingback thelapelsof toePrinee'athat New-York, or Pennsylvania, or either of the three this article of attire, yet, after mnAhimone of them wouM sustain his administratioB in one case they must be in all cases, and the for an hour, after he should indicate a purpose Prince was toanto disturb Slavery in any Soutoern StateThe Esvi and UNCHABiTABLESEas OK the|iji length. TheGretU Easternandgiddy frivolous,firm and the meditotivetW ia-woddlji.bull's Hiese atmcturea will also be eye lights.lustriousndwe have us Uie most brilliant and c^i«-ark,'wiU (SuSUeSB a?pr»aa'*rcier.t .Salem, '•-ii-Pp1bid,b>eoo.Yogoatf, not to toe.;but perhapsperput- I:Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069J%Kwww.fultonhistory.com 