 that i a an !iv«r-• and State ilo. Thefare as foJ- tictaaood,' tent. Di-i«Joseph Wdkii*-.HamiltoaotI'&teraoa,/for sale o n•kndNe-w ittkaaod'Railroad *ch«_-me-vlvjittiaipanyisia1.1 JUOroad rttw -*tate o f istock to »*» •per cent. i'•-« porcha*. »y t o : u i k e' %nd R A O - 11.900,000 of" She «"'Vk-Is tWtbs.1'i«V;•«i '"•••':•''-.•'WMiof sub-:5t>,000se- [wood lands, >rt««i« op j na. bearing in 3«) years,$130,600,M. >.•— roUing porc a r e cosd .iaterea*.. re- in.;:..: up any«.n- Capital taAiagmeir rata t ,:o:.ctrfb«?d Bond* »«„ or such po*es above,be hr*t four- a :o prevent r*—out Mid a* soehpor- rv<j a ..ii~ t oi T*ortapa o f ci.-ii o;" t v93.A00 icr^« rtptjfed, b a t >poort«nity ' *cy deriot okingFaad*t:- i'.onln jedancoaaynd. A. after tottwex-?.' the Com- pas; Stock iaruoints£ ier> in foil»ortoa Coal stock, ke., a**a&ws4^> nent'of theOllr, .Vc, o fand Erie chattels, at r/aiia-Supremetinier an y«tobe >ncerned. ra«bidin wudhold-•$300,000- .STATE. About 11 o'clock on Tuesday morning, the nightpatrol in the yards adjacent to the workshops of the..'.->.-J00 20.000i.soo500>a feeling against Ward because he opposed him for Councilman; COURT O F OYER A N D TERMINER—Jr/tT 3.—Before wasHutterly more friendly; never received money or even thebutchers' animals have declinedin price materially, and we have no doubt that there would have been a decided decline upon all beef cattle if it had not been for the anxiety of buyers to complete all their purchases in one day,togetreadyfortheannualfeastandfollyofbadi*1*9,000-er which* banks,, tjgregates,#STS 2C.«i5 6... •*4,M1c.«.. 119,27442,83*>, a g a i n s t f the eix»first•odMn- a*<>:The- with t h e thepur-Th*\fchi-w-en tbed Land- ioT us tffce of. J ® I.1 <*— .:•;«*—...22U—;S*H. '^^aere. *5 g* sere.*y,acre.•iS'aore-littleabovemediumfairquality,atpriceswhichhe-thinks will ravera^e 9c. npon 7} c w t , which i s i owt. below the owner's es- timate. The quality is not aa good aa last week, while the price 5b about the same.H»nry Myers is selling 48 head of good Indiana steers for Gus. Caldwell,, seme ofthem choice grade Durhams, thebestof Whteh are held at 9$c ; 10 o f the tail sold at 8£c40,not$11240;putina bill onthe4thofJane,anddrewthe .money on the 11th; thought he put in a bill on the 11th, a n d drew it on the 25th, for $197' 80; prior to putting in the bill of tbe 11th, Ward told him not to make t h e bills so large; replied that the work was done, and he could not help it; (identified the billandthe indorsementofMr.Ward); between thetimothe seccsd bill was put in and its payment, had several conversationsonesingleson,inanyshape.Cross-examined—This was while Slaight was putting up streetsigns.The defense here rested. •-Mr. Brady summed up for defense, contending that all the tes-timonyshowedthatMr.Wardnevernisdeanycorrupt bargain,a late hour in tbe afternoon there is every prospect that a portion of the cattle will be left over, and no pros- pect of a second day market.aportionofit,waasoontakenwithconyuMons.Hel was taken to the Hospital, where death ensued shortlyi after. The Coroner's Jury rendered a verdict of &ui-: cide. Thefollowingtetterwasfoundinhispossession';TO X T DKAK JfOTHBR.rH ii13 B«ving.ao-dw as•« 108;*. lav-mi 1 02 a . 2 8 1 272&«'Is as-$c. preaur.[360,'•*UK*.walA'the-ie. TotaLt 21,W{*» 19,551 ; 12,$58Drove- foilow-—2,781i.roada,.>»rnue, 1.0^* 1,487**»*l,T4i report.... 10-• 4 .,. V 9K^n«.i,4«;77/m •fix,—.- t ' l a a»diie»-of the Erie Railroad, b y which oroute they proceeded employed Mary; Wm. W/. Fowler, of No. 9 Morton, JDROWNED.—The body of Patrick Donoboe, w h o.....Westward in the 5 o'clock train. This is the twelfth company sent out by Mr. Brace since last New-Year's Day. Aboutfourhundredchildreninallhavethusstreet, lost $40 worth of property, and therefore makescomplaint. There are several other complainants yet£Had been mining since Saturday night last, was found yesterday gating in the river at the Wall street Ferry. The deceased baS*'en employed at that ferry as bridge tender, and when.last seem oiogoutonthepiert"lightthesignallamps. .Itissujpvi11intothewater Averdictofaccidentaldeathwaarendered. eceased was a native of Ireland 50 years of age.JFATAL ACCIDENT.—On Saturday afternoon a boy,light years o f age, named George W . Knowlton, while pKyiag * a lumberyard in Thirty sixb street, was fatally inlnred. ua .isequence of a pile of lumber falling upon blm. H e was coit- jbed to the residence o f his parents, No. 188 East Thirty-rixtb) feet, where he subsequently died. T h e jury summoned b ybro'ner Jackman rendered a verdict of accidental death. (Advertisement.}M R S . W E N S L O W ,. experienced Nurse and Female Physician, h a s ataup roK CHILDaark TKETHIWO. which greatly facilitates Mcess o f Teething, by softening the gums and reducing aO |mmation; will allay all pain, and is sure to regulate the b-afessional man. After his death, their mother became of the bottle, were also taken sick, a n d n o w lie in a ipend upon it, mothers, It will give rest to yourselves and dhealthtoyourinfants. Perfectlysafeinailoases.distressed.formeane,and,inanunfortunatehour, criticalcondition. Dr.Beachheldapostmor- MillionsofbottlesaresoldeveryyeariatheUnited•has•*;stealing a diamond and ruby goldrfrnr, worth $110. from.the counter, while the clerk had his bock turned H e also stated thattheringhadbeensoldtoJacobDavis,aChatham-etreetJew,v.first of prosecuting Ward in the first part of February; com- plained to tbe Street Commissioner to have him removed; sent in a written charge; Ward also sent in proof; was subpojuaed beforetheGrandJury; didnot s;ovoluntarily, though hehad heard of tbe indictmeot; answered all questions, but refused to discloseonename; didnotbelievehe(witness)wasamenable tothelawingivingthesebribes; didnotrefuse toanswerforof costs of term, and $ l i for the motion. with this, one of the most direct and noble of those By the rules of their organization the members are In re. Island City Bank.—Motion granted so far asto order tbe costs in thia case to be set off ugainet BOmuch of the missionary enterprises that are manifestly doing good interdicted from entering, under any circumstance^w «athladay" T h e fonowtof drorea are ta market tbi« week: ^eSvWwVaa K y ««*• M Alexander & Kltch, HIA Dwahata.&y............ISPiattA.Beeo.Hl W.H.Barchard,IU...—...30A M.Covurod.Iowa.....Ja*CaWwelL2nd. 4*J.Gate-wood,IH...J o e l Dolby, 111gchoeeter&Co..Ill»•*•••..63 [nd........51,-•••' -.••,,:\ i;.-., ';...•:;•: • ' STAND. i , -'; ;'- \%ki?y#&M)?yi foralotof70head,estimatedtodressontheaveraseabout171ft EdwardEwcniSuperintendentofStreetImprovemente,was6th Regiment Armory as a tamporarr head-J Ma*it-r»on. Hi........ j H a r m r k M i l l e r , I o w a . . J. L Oill.mFry*: Smith, JO.. 30 Reach &Bray.l"~-...v ... 29 . 3 0 W . H . O t i r n e y &. C o . , M o . ; 6 5 .107 Pat. Eagan, Ohio 34. eohave been v*ry good all the Spring, and have sold at. very f»lrprices, auch as will not be obta'ned again o n t h e average thisyearforLamhs,of the same weight. ThepriceofLambs,ac-cording to quality.has ranged this week from $ 1 1 2 ^ $ 6 a headtion, it would be ahown, wat stt on foot b y Slaight. to endeavor to coerce Ward to approve bills which he had positively declared hewouldnotcertify. It wasimpossible,thatWardwouldre- fuse to certify the last bill, when ho waa making so much moneywoman to the State Prison for two years. ' ' iSilas Herbert was arraigned for robbery In the first degree, and pleadedgniltyofgrand larceny. Nicholas Roche,aresidentof Cherry atTect, passed t h e night o f t h e 8 d o f Aoril a t No. 97will next meet on Thursday at 12 m.• ; ijlnsumed, I noticed, and hare since repeatedly observed, howrfectaprotectionisaffordedbythe metallicgirdlewhichyum escribe. Whether the plan o f a Mr. Taylor, spoken o f in your•w«^p«ipiwp»^•.SlHtlgl^'.r J, .•.•!'• •>'».-»>'»i »irv»v*'''*i •*1ES -Ni2W-T«)R^ DAILY TRIBttNE^WEDNESDAX lj-*«*rtHla«ty««r-«ra» 2,979 bead, while the mabtr to-daT Monday morning^were unsold at evening, though sales were ISrrERXNTEBDENT O F STREET IMPROVEMENTS ON TH*H7Tat.Jvej*r> & Co.. Ohio.... J . B- Parceria, Ohio..... . 75 T. H , Hume, 111............ 17EARLY VEGETABLEST ANDFRtrrr.—SinceJune30, 6,740bbls.vegetables,50&boxespeaches,3,659water- melons,and372mnshmelonshavearrivedbythevari-V oussteamshipsplyingbetweenSavannah, Charleston,\Norfolk,andthiscity.•':.•'•. '• . 'fr-sy•.•EXCISE COMMISSIONERS—Messra.HolmesandHas- kettmet yesterday morning, and granted eighteen li- censes at $30 each. Fifteen of th e applicants were,•T.M-Vafl,Iowa... ..«*Plexaon&Co.,Iowa ...101O«o. w ; Marfln, 111 33 " « i i>iui|aii,."u*Wm Morgan,.Wi«....,..,,, 24Pbelpf t HolHogi.worth( 111. 84Pit Riley. N.Y\V . ?mitb. 111 128 J Wataon,Iowa roAlexander It Crum Mo... ..120 Mike DaHon, Wim12 48 23 45ing,'..,.Oe*. Ayianlt, Ky..jHe«tb k Dreeaer. Ind...Daniel Beone, Mo......»»r,kWWte,Ky S. 41H.ft.Smith,Iowa. .158thisy*»rfromtbefollowingStates:New-York.'. .10.948 Indiana ...1,733 Vermont.New-Jersey...16.290Kentucky.....871Towa.... Penne..... . .. 2,990 Illinois U 0 Virginia... Ohio ..26,591 Michigan. 645C_anada...30 S.Haley A Co. lH.: 50 JohnT. Alexander, 111 66 Doty & Miller, 111:04 73<HUeti k. Toffey 111"W. H . Harria, Ohio....J. B . WiUiama, Va.....«i. v*. r>o^t**» *M••*•••••«• . W E. Steven* ID;......••••... 91....1_,1,5„2. W e suppose that about this proportion will hold good for all the receipts in tbe citv. One of the alleged causes of the denlineIn conge^nence of the yonrth of July tailingon Wednesday, intentions wore early formed to do up tho •work of both days of the market of bollocks in on© <3ay. Hence -we were not surprised when -we arrived, IwforeS o'clock, t o find t h e butchers in pretty fullhis bills in the tax levy, instead of sueing the city, was evidence that tbe claim was not good, and t h e fact that Ward refused t o certify the-bill, even for that purpose, proves that Ward was honest and conscientious Both parties agreed inCulver,69;DavidVnnk.189;NathanSpencer,193;G.F.Derby" onething andoneonly,thatWardrefusedtocertifycertain bills. M r Brady contended that either Mr. Ward waa not gnilty,to those who gave bribes a* those who accepted them, though heJ.Bnah, Iowa. 24•Bea. We-tbelmer, Ohl*..-. W . 96 Jerry MiBer, Ul..»» **bich are the glory o f that beautiful city, stood bare and wintry coning in upon alarger stock than usual of Jersey Lambs, which' certain bills, for reasons which did not appear This persecu- turned with a verdict of conviction, and Judge Russell sent the innkeepers and the others storekeepers. The-.Board1;/ t the end of June, with every vestige of their foiiage utterlyxerrlimitedsupplywasneeded.Webelieveifthere Mayberry,fi6;J.Sweesey,80;Jos.Scudder,10. From Pennsylvania—Stern k Hobler, 165.musthrvemadstobecomeamenableunderthisstatute.Mr. Brady insisted that, in truth, Ward had no official influence that be could exert for Slaight. and for that very reason the offense, if committed, didnotcome within 'he statute. What Warddid un- der color of office, alone, without actual power in office, Would not warrant a coaviction under the statute. Mr. Brady stated a far-.tthatbothSlaightandWardwerepolitioiiuisof'thosame faith; ahout August last they became competitors at a primarylad been but 500 bullocks in the sale-pens, there would,From Ohio—R McGraw. 394; Henry Downing, 210; H . Fish, 197; Wm. Myers, 356: Budlong, Slthona k Co., 200."bave'bfcen no great reesbn to ad^ame the price, since.1*12oS 48•hat i* shonW IOto the butcher at this time of yew, when graz;- ingiasoabundant..ItwasstatedbyseveralofthebrokersonMondaythatthoir Lambsaveraging®4eachwerefullyasgoodaathosewhichav- eraged $ 5 last week. We should say the decrease upon Sheep wnsnotmorethanhalfadollarontheaverage.The receipts of Sheep the first six' months of I860 greatly ex-ceedthefirst'six^monthsof1859. Thenumberinthefirstsixmonthsof1859waa 148,154. Thenumberinthefirstsixmonthsof186Cwas177,455—excessJ29.301: Mr.Moore,ClerkforBrown;ing,reboxt*thenombersreceivedthereinthefirsteix.monthsof. .195 .186 . M5wnrddidin hisofficialcapacity,except certifyingcertainhills whichwasrequiredCrow-examined—Donotknowthatanylaworordinancefe^ quired Ward to certify the bills; witness, himself, required Wsrd'asignature;knewabouttwouncerrifiedbiHsofSlaight'sDirect examination resumed—The bills wore audited under ordinancedirectinctheSuperintendentofStreet Improvements to auditallbills. Theprosecutionhererested.A witness asked whether the Sidewalk Inspector was required toattendtotheputtingupofsigns.•The Assistant District-Attorney read t h e ordinance t o 'that effect.Mr.BradyforthedefensesaidthatMr.Wardboreanirre- proBcbable character, and had once heldAhe position ef matter oftheNavy vardworkmen He believeH hecouldshow that Mi. Slaight had deliberately and willfully misrepresentedAhe facts, and was undertaking to prove by uncorroborated conversa- tions that Ward had been derelict because he would not approve$32, and Davis is to.bejprOsccnted for receiving stolen goods.McWoodwassenttotheStatePrisonfortwoyears •.••••:fe^•therroutu&businesstheClubadjournedtomeetattheCANKER WORMS.From Indiana—John Simons, 76; A . R: Turner, 230; John A. 'pectedtobeanythinglikeequaltowhatitwasthelast FromCanada—E.Owens.196..•'.Prison at Sing Sing, discovered a sheet of flame issuing Hartbill & Co., including the tour to the White Moufflp i \ight. Its progress, therefore, to the body and limbs o f the «W» fromtheroominthecabinetmanufactory,wheretur tains,NiagaraFalls,MontrealandQuebec,andthe.1orthepurposeofdepositingitsegg*,cannererbeintheleastfcat< her.- are not »hort, and the retail trade is not ex- Glass. 265..! 'M•:•/.. .<•::••'..•»,«•.•-•&••:-of prices upon Lambs is t h e arrival o f Lambs from the Wert,under such circumstances. T h e Jary, after a long absence, re-•week, counting back from to-day. A nd it SAXKS o r SHKBP AND LAMBS.•WH3 only in consequence of a litflle anxiety W e give a few reports o f sheep brokers' sales, to show the a v - election, and a misunderstanding oconrred; Ward aabuequentlyMississippi River, with descriptive notices of the lead- The alarm waa at once given, the steam hydrants at- ing objects of interest.i rret-ted by any snch measure as your article .proposes to-adopt. j'rotection against the worm in our city can be obtained only b y 1 ho same method by which New-Haven derived hers, viz: th# 1 horoogh and careful study of the habits ef our own species o f insect.The very positive assurance of your correspondent, Mr. Webb, I hat " it is a law of nature that all the millers which produce tixm \ 'Treasuring worm have n o wings b y which they can fly o n e '' Inch," is in the main true, thongh perhaps, rather stronglyon the part of trie Tttail batchers to buy erage of the market: <sustained Horace F. Clark for. Congress against Herrick, and in consequence The Alio* came out with charges against him. From thut time until Ward refused to certify the bills on the ground that the work hadnot been done,thereseemed tobe still a friendly feeling existing; but finally Slaight brought the suit, and thereinsought the revenge.AN ALDERMAN ATTACHED.[/The ristrict- Attorney here appeared, and asked an attach-early in the morning a few bullocks t o b e killed immediately, that the market aaaomed the air of life it had for a few houra. T h e weather in very favorable for the aeaaon, th« morniag open- ing a little overcast, and the temperature mild. The g eateat trouble ia t h e dust. "With thia every animal waa coated o u the way from the cars to tbe aale-pesa, thna somewhat injuring the good appearance of the stock, w hioh i». a s for a long time i t lias been, generally in prime condition. There are not as many xtne Bnllocka, but plenty of such aa are suitable fo o u r first-class Xetaii but*hers, who always buy the best that are to be bed. T b e fremral average quality o f the stock to-day, compared with that e>f last week, ia sot aa good teere being more rotu;h Oxen, some ef which were doubtless from the Choctaw Nation, and of a sbreed that, however f t the azdmals may h e made, always lack weight jast where the meat is the moat valuable. There begina t o be, also, a sprinkling o f grass Ste«-ra, but tbe bulk of the stockJL» o f good, fair quality, and suitable for the retail market trade.. A a the day wore on. i t became painfully apparent to those in. *tereKted that nil the early U fe of the market had departed, and fcefore noon boaineaa waa aa dull aa in the dullest days o f the aea-aon, and some of the broker* who had rough lota of »tock de- clared that the market waa not a s good aa it\wa* last Tuesday. Our own opinion Is that there waa an advance upon the beat•lSullocka; that quite a number r f the very best »Vld at 9)c. net •$> 73>,and a larger proportion sold at 9c. than wereVoid at that IsatAt Browning's—Thos. C Larkin sold 824 Sheep and Lambs in nine lota, at an average of $ 3 .49.Harti. West sold450 head, mostly Lambs, at8®12c. net a pound.Joseph McCarty told 659 at $ 3 53 average.Robert H. Hume, 1,114 at $ 4 08 average.Ofthe receipts at Browning's, the olerk says:The receipts being 2,000 head more than last week, and not astached to the various works were put in play, and theengines.of the village were speedily on the ground.But it was found impossible to check the progress ofthe flames, and the entire cabinet shop, 200 feet long.».large since the third week in November last, caused a decline in ment against Alderman John H. Brady, who had been personally tbe prices o f lully 50 cents <j9"head, o n Sheep a n d Lambs both. served with notice to appear before the Grand Jury, but had notand three Btories in hight, was burned to ashes. ThePrison storehouse; only separated by a narrow carriage- from Savannah, Charleston, and Norfolk fpthis city. ] i tated; but i t applies only to the canker worm o f New-England,The quality on an average waa not very good, especially Lambs, some-of which sold a s low as 1 2 shillings a head. Contrary t o expectation, however, there are not many left at the olose of the market t--day, and as but very few are expected this week, i t being the 4th of July week, the prospects for next week are somewhat better for diovers. The* daily receipts were a s fol- lows: June 27, 357; Jnne28. 673; June-29, 1,250; June 3D, 265; Jnlv 1. 138; Joly 2, 1,473; July 4,1,525.McGraw k O'Brion report 2,726 head, sold at ah average o f Sheep received b y McGraw k O'Brien: 1,187 Cant. R . Mc-appeared.] Alderman Brady subsequently appeared, and hod a conversation with the Judge which seemed satisfactory.EVIDENCE FOR DEFENSE IN THE BRIBERY CASE. John Hotaling examined.—In 1859 Mr. Slaight asked his influ- ence to get work of Mr. Ward; last September. Slaixht saidif Ward did not continue to give him his work he wonld get even with Ward and get his money, whether Ward certified his bills or not; about election time Slaight desired him to get Ward to employ him a*ain, and to siun pass bills, acid if Mr. ward would sign the bills, he (Slaight) would pay him fJTit; saw Mr. Ward, but he refused to eerily, the bills; afterward requested Slaight toway from t b e destroyed building, was several times ignited, and w as only saved by the exertions of the firemen.None of the prisoners in tbe adjacent buildings at-tempted the least disturbance, and, as the workshopsare entirely vacated a t hight, no damage was done tohuman life. A s to the cause of the conflagration, a< ••'.: < hir tpeciet may be seen flying abundantly, both males and fe- f THE QUARANTINE DAMAGES COMMISSION.—The i Miles, ascending above the tops of our highest trees, and reaek- Quarantine Damages Commission resumed their inves- i Dg t h e large branches with absolute ease. After having ob- ierved the whole process verycarefully, I am in aposition t<»i peak confidently about it; and I beg to as\ ure your readers that attempt blindly to Imitate the New-Haven method will onlywitnesses were examined in reference to the various £rove a mistaken and unprofitable, because ignorant, attempt. jn order to ascertain with greater certainty the truth upon- this articles of property, for the destruction of which Drjij, ] oint, 1 transmitted specimens o f our New-York miller last Thompeon claimed damages. T h e investigation will I ummer to Mr. E . C. Herrick, t h e accomplished Librarian o f-••Graw,10C Schoefelt,39C.Hunt,76N.Perdy,861D.W. withdrawthecharges,whichheaccusedhimofknowingtobesHocker, 30 Capt Budd, 175 Z . Byrnes, 24 N. Oxtrander, 165 G. Amestor. 188 8. Srooes, 372 J. Huilor. 40 S. W. Paynes, 57 Plainerk Co., 79Denmorek Co., New-York; 91A,M. Ailrer,- 37 A M.Lafctk Co.. 20 B.White, 40 H.A. Samphen, 41J.untrue, but he gave answer; s<ud h e h i d been to Albany, a n d if Ward would give him enough to pay his expensese to Albany, he would withdraw hischargesfrom theStreet Commission; SlaightsaidMr.Purserhadadvancedhimmoney,andhedidnotdiversity of opinion, existB. eome^ thinking it the workof incendiaries, but more that it caught from the.fires be continued at the same place to-morrow; and on; f.'ale Gollege, whose investigations of the New-Haven caalcer"week, but that the average quality not being quite to good, the Buttsor, 28 J. Stilwell, 29 T . Coleman, New-Jersey; John want him to lose.in tbe engine-room, which were fed with shavings in so careless a manner as to excite wonder that such a disaster has not occurred long before tbe present time.CITY ITEMS.—•BULL'S HEAD.—A full report of the cattle marketfor the week, .made up one day in advance, oh accountof the Fourth coming upon the regular market day,will be found in another part of thia. sheet. In conse-quence of a very* large decrease in tbe supply this week,equal to over one-fourth of the total last week, a verystrong effort was made yesterday morning to advance . ending his life. About four months ago, young i Lear;' j; Its change. After about a fortnight i t comes forth in the shapethe price. I t was only partially successful, so far a sthe very best bullocks were concerned, a small portionof which sold at prices equivalent to 9£ cents a poundfortbemeat,sinkinghide,fat,andoffal. Thiswasan.advance ofabout half a cent, but this did not extend tothe lower grades tbe sellers of which declared that theaWerage price will remain the same. In fact, tho only alteration In tbe quotations is to ahow a slight adevaoc upon first claaa and extra*. \HiJai,Ohio. Total. 3.362. Cross-examined—Up to 21 w a s olerk in several stores, then THE H O G MARKET. three years in the Custom-House; six months did nothing, andHenryD.Grant,SuperintendentofAllerton'sHogYards,foot twoyearshadbeenclerkintbeStreetDepartment;knewVVardmond County will take place on Staten Island. T h e ' ji b doubt correct. • Mr. H . also' concurred with m e in Commissioners are anxious to have all the testimony 1hat the power of flight possessed by the New-York'moth would beforethemasearlyaspossible,thattheymaybeable1 lequire entirely different methods for the prevention of fceTHX CXOn Or THIXAitKtT.N.•fEorticth street and Hudson. Biver. the great and only marketfivevears; intimately two years; asked Ward whether Slaight had paid him money; Ward denied i t ; Ward said he had once borrowed $25 of Slaight, but loaned him back $10, and paid one of Slaight's hands $ 12, bot did not account for the $ 8 ; Ward got a salary of $l,f0tt or $1,200; Mr. Ward said Slaight wanted him to sign certain bills.,but h e h a d refused, because the bills were not correct, when Ward threatened him; but Ward said he. did not care for Slaight; told Ward of the request of Slaight that h e should sign the hills; never told Slaight that Ward would sign the bills o n any condition, except o n e night, when t h e three were all together, he told Slaight Ward would sign the bills, probably, if he (Slaight) wonld agree to go for Havemeyer for Mayor .Peter Hotaling testified—Held an appointment under Marshal Rynders; knew Slaight; once understood him to say if he didIt was apparent all day, and particularly in the aft*rndon tbat~ "place for swine in the city, report* the receipts o f the week 4.811 rto report, according to the terms of their appointment,] on the 15th of August. i •-—**—— .•;,(,] avages.The one method which my observation haa suggested as efrec- I ual, consists in thoroughly scraping t h e tree after the eggs e f < he moth have been deposited upon i t The worm with us doe* :iot,asin New-Haven, goInto theground andremain User*a Ktrour effort wax making to close sales o f all the stock'before might,andaathenumber waasomuchless(1,174head)thanit * • « last week, every one felt confident that it would he done; but *wve were sore that it could not be, except by concessions on the part of the sellers, which they finally made; so that a good many iota were picked up toward night upon terms rather more favora- X>lethan last week, and the market .finally closes without any xeaaon for a hope that it will be any better next week, unless there *houldbe a still lean number o f bollocks on the market,' which no one ar-tlcipates. The number in the Forty-fourth street7ard» last year, in.the first week of July, was 2,469, and in all5.096—*aj 230 leas than now, and the average Kc. a pound losssnow than then, and extra* 3 c a pound le»s. That week was Ikfthead a n d prices a s follows: Corn-fed Hogs, heavy, 6$-3>6Jc; light, 6i-a;6|c. Heavy distillery Hogs, 5l"2>6c; light, the same.0*he number reported last year in June was 29.618. This, year in June, including the last week in May, to make i t correspond with the five weeks of June last year we have only 19,958—a de- crease of 9,660. The receipts of the first week in J uly lsst year, were 1,820, and a little over 2,000 a week through thejmonih. T h e comparatively very large supply this week is quite sufficient t o account for the decrease of price, and that we should Ondat noon to-day about 1,300 head in the pens unsold.GKO. W . nOKMAU'8JTUI-X OF HOGS THJS WHXTT. .SUICIDE OF A YOUNG MAN.—Coroner O'Keefe heldan inquest yesterday at the New York Hospital on the •ill the Winter, but goes through Its changes in a very brief2c. a pound be'ter than tho second week in July. L e t u s wait First quality, corn-fed, large size 6i'3)65c •7*®8c not get his money he would have satisfaction o f Ward.ef a white moth, somewhat lees than an ineh long. A t that p e - who was the only son of a widowed mother, ran awayI riod onr parks and public squares are alive with these millers; from home and was gone for t w o months. H e then' the grass i s studded, the paths covered, the air filled with tbeo*. returned, but would give no satisfactory explanation of Any one may easily satisfy himself of their power of flight by a jareful observation of them. Tbe antema or feelers projectingKr.d »ee what it will be thia year. A t a late hour it appears as' Second quality, corn-ted 6 ®6|c.7j©8c8i-2>8to. 7i®7io. 7(®7jcBernard Romaskl testified—Occupation " disappointed poli- tician ;" knew Slaight intimately since September, 1859; hoard him several tinies threaten Ward; once in his shop he showed some signs, which he said were thrown on his hands because Ward would not approve his bills; once said if Ward did not signthebillswonldmakehimsmartforit;anothertimos*idhe would have revenge and fetch him up before the Grand Jury; this was between the two elections, going up in on Eighth avenue car.Cross examined—Was in California and lived on his capital; before he wont kept a liquor store four months; before that was•]! >;•though all the stock will not be s?ld SALES O F CATTLE.First quality small sizes, fat and prime,for market butchersLarge size, still-fed fat Second quality, still-fed. lightOwing to the necessity of gathering all of ourinformation inrrry day and preparing it for the printer.'we are unable to give as fullandHadsfactoryreport*ofsalesofdifferentdrovesasusual; Smallsizes,choicestockbogs.......>M .__•*-«hisabsence. Shortlyafterwardhedisappearedagain omthe'headareinthemalesfeathered,orentomologlcaHy for several days, taking with him some jewelry and 'ctinated; a row of fine fibres like the teeth of a comb Haa*i>ut the following will show salea of all gradesMurray &.Olev»r bousJat a fine lotof 34OhioSteersthismorning o f Pat. Eagan part grade Durham, which they hold a t S)jc. for the choice. Walter Briggs. negoti ting for some of th e j&neat ones for some first-class retail butchers that he buys for, rxpecte to pay9£c,and n o more. This ia.Jc higher than last Week.J C- Iloag h a s a l o t o f Hollingsworth k. Phelps's small, slim Xllinoia.graks Steers, which will probably sell at an average o f 8 cend not over, upon fair w*-labta.W . H . Burcbard .old t o Ka«tman, wholesale. 30 Illin»U steers,{rood fat ones; a t $65. estimated 7} cwt. by seller, and 7* owt. b y t>ujer Thesecattleahiunkonly80U>eachatBuffalofromhomeOrdinary or common stock 5w o t W8Jlt*d-LA WINTELLIGENCE.prices offered b y buyers were generally lower than in Washington Market dealing in produce, and lost' $7,00H; had they were willing to pay the week previous. All otherach antema upon one side; the females have the antema plain nd straight; and they may also be distinguished b y t h e larger te o f the abdomen, which Is distended by eggs. No difference, owever, in the power o f flight will b e observed between t b e her sorrowful entreaties, and told her that he was mar-- o sexes. On coming out from the cocoon the sexea meet, aa4Justice Gonu>. .THF. ALLEGED MUBERY OF A CITY OFFICIAL.The cas*i of Alexander Ward, tbe ex-Inspector ofSidewalks, indicted for receiving a bribe, was resumed to-day. JacobRSlaisht,whoiaallegedtohavegiventhebribe,and whose examination was commenced yesterday, was further .ex-sonpliment of a drink from Ward; never spoke t o nim about Ward. "James S. Lucas testified—Is apainter; knew Slaight since last April; beard him i n August s a y h e would have satisfaction of Ward -, first part of June told Slaight he could bring certain influ- encetogetacertainjob;Slnight'wastojoin;bothsawtaeir friends, and that night Slaight said it would cost $5C0 .to sttcureried, but refused t o divulge either the name or resi-dence of his wife. Lately he has appeared very down-castanddejected,butwouldmakenoexplanationre-'e impregnated eggs are at once laid upon the bark o f the toe*, ey may be seen in patches varying from a dozen to fifty, a c Xen more—minute green globules which seon change t o a.uskygrayorbrown, scarcely distinguishableIntint from,tbeand could not he held amenable.Q+oTty> Ayroult bought, tooot three weeks ago. at Albany,of with Ward about the work; had one conversation, think on the The Assistant District Attorney (Mr. Sedgwick) summed up. VTHI GREAT EASTERN.—Yesterday was the opening dayfor visitors to theGreatEastern. Accordingto, 8 A rjKDAY, June 30,1860. Inowwriteyouthesefewlinesthatyou mayrGeo. WOaon,adroveofgood ripeKentuckyDurhamsat $4 80per cwt, ard took them tohis farm, where tney have doue well. Ward then told him to go to the Controller's office and get his Ward must be convicted. He applied himself to show thatLive weight Deadweight.6^@6jo. 5}'2&6c 6 'Stfjc.-IN-:::^ J5 ,TA<;.J)•*-rt•••-:.tt•;.;Weight. Eastman resold to John Bryant at $87.Thos.Wheeler is selling for^Geo. Re»d 65 Illinois steers, only a amined. The amount of the first bill paid by the city was $113 the work; Slaight then sai<l that Ward h a d never asked o f him rum, and noise, and smoke of the. Fourth of July. A t cured a quantity of strychnine, and'haring swallowed,'ee, and remain through the year till the warmth of another pringhatchesthemintolife.At any time after the eggs are laid In tb e beginning of July, d before they are hatched i n t h e beginning o f the following .y, a careful scraping of the tree wfllremove moat ofthem, andopreventtheirravagesforthenextsummer. \Having frequent occasions to pass through Washington parade ound,Ihavepointedouttheeggsnponthebacktothepersons25th,atCrook&Duff's, underthe Street Commissioner's office;Thirty bead on s^le to-day are estimated at 8&cwt. and expected wanast for the second bill, and to horry back, and- he would Sl&ight's statement had been in' no way impeached The fact previousnotice, tbe fee charged for admission was$1, none since I ran away from home. But forget the past, andto sell mostly at 9 j c and make a gain of about $ 6 a head lor Jte-pii'K and cocomission. - The first 19 sold averaged $83.D a n i e l B a m e a k B r o . a r e s e l l i n g a d r >v-> o f g u o d f a i r I l l i n o i s ateers,estimatedat7cwt each,whiJ, theyboughtofShaester A Co., a pretty eveo lot that will run out 8^^9c.J . C . H s - a g k B r o . b o u g h t H e a t h k D r e s s e r ' s ' d r o v e o f g o o dX*ortbern Indiana Steers a t $70. which the teller estimated wasa i b o u t * J c . ^ l b . T h e l a i r w e i g h t , h e s a y a i a 8& c w t . , b u t t h e yenlyretellat9c.upon8cwt*.averagingabout$7250or$73,the best of them at 9®9Jc. aeuing weight. Mr. Dresser, whilewait; did not get the warrant, but went and got a friend to dis- count another bill o f $143: went back to Crook i t Duff's: Ward t h e n s a i d h e w a s s h o r t a n d w a n t e d m o n e y ; s n d b e c o u l d n o t p a y suchpercentage,ifhe(Ward) calledit oercentage;toldWard he (witness) had better throw up the work than pay so heavy: W a r o s a i d h e u n d e r s t o o d p a y m e n t ' w o u l d b o m a d e ; g i v e W a r d then $40 in bills, and left nim ; he asked witness how mnoh there w a s i n t h e b i l l s h e h a n d e d h l r o ; w i t n e s s s a i d $ 4 0 ; W a r d saidt^»twoulddo;ofthebillof$143paidWard$30; that waa July 2, corner of Fifty-first street and Eighth avenue;see that I have seme respect for you, though you thought I had > trusted with the care of that spot; and the trees have bees* metlmes scraped in the spring with very good resw.lt*. Thisfn company with this drove, was killed by being accidentally were sitting together on the storp; asked bow much moneyTheJury,attheirrequest,werethenallowedtoseparate,to . receive the Judge's charge on Thursday morning.PLEA OF GUILTY. ' . ..'/closing,givestheunmistakablenumber^thatinforma- much;hewillfixyouashedidme—getoutofyouallthathe can, and then you may go Dear Mother, please forgive me; I tion waa refused to our reporter. A large crowdof have been a bad son. but ask your forgiveness. People thought It!/a v e r a g e 5 J c w t . , a t a c o ^ i n t h e y a r d h e r e a t $ 3 6 5 0 , * a t a c o m m i s - fjajonof*2each. •ValentinetMartinsold33IllinoisDistillers,average6jcwt. at 8c. or less, and not as good rates as last week.Mr. P . Mclntyre aold 48 for Barber, Brown it Co., Illinois 7 Cwt. Steers o f good fair quality, a t fr39c.HurdkCary,41boughthereofFrankWhite,KT Durhams, 26ofthemestimatedat9cwt., andsellat9c,and15at 7Jc— will seil for as much a pound as the heaviest.C. W . Conger haa 93 head selling for Stevens at 7 i ® 9 c , mostly B hard lot, from 4 to 9 cwt.p o c k e t a t F r e n c h ' s , a n d p u t i t o n t h e c o u n t e r — g o l d ; t o l d W a r d . T h i a - w a a . a m o t i o n f o r a n . i n j u n c t i o n t o r e s t r a i n t h e totake'itall;hetook$5e;witnesssaidit was"rough";Wardthenputback$20andkept$30;toldWard, "sohelpmeGod. UnitedStatesMarshalfromlevyingoothegoodB,chattels,landst w o h o u r s , a n d t h i r t y m i n u t e s , o r e q u a l o n l y t o e i g h t dayseighteenhourato(Liverpool.situation, ascertain where the valuables were kept}' and then make off between t w o days with such a s were to be obtained. Wright Putney complains of having lost $45 worth of goods through her instru^>"K, o r t h e c o n t r a r y , a s m a n y a r o l i k e l y t o b e I m p o s e d o n I f ethingisacheat. Trulyyours, ARCHM. MORRISON. AVto- York, July 3,1860.Any such paper in circulation is an imposture a&4 »ud. ,H..«U» —SWORN IN.—William H. Tone wasappointedandEom into office yesterday, aa Inspector for regulating andWm.Florencesold47MissoudbullocksforBnsh,greensteers buriness.andwillbeseverelypunishedof revolt and mutiny, was concluded to-day, a n d t h e Commis- *>andcoarseoxen,at7®8c Also, 25forJ. B. Parcels,finefat Ohio Duihams. average 8* cwt., at 8'S«c, probably .not far from JBc.averageupon8c«tSA1JM OY BRVKJDXS 1JT PAKT MKRX AXU FART IS BSKIiHX.Haring k Miller, 90 head of Iowa stock for A . K. Turner, Torgb Oxen and thtn Steera, average 6J cwt.. a t 7j-a>8c, nearly all at tbe latter figure. 107 head for J. L . Gill, from the Peoria, 311..distillery,someofthemgoodfatSteers,at7j®8ic,andat » o high*r ra'es than same qi-aJity last week. •Stir k Pickering sold 80 Missouri Steers and Oxen fir Danie Boone, a relative of the old Daniel, at $50 a $ 100, and about 8c. 3f> ft Thehomeweight1.540IB.sell hereat 7Jcwt.,net. For Mr. Newman 31 Iowa *t- ck. Oxen and Steers, coarse and rough, at I'UUc. 18fair Iowa8ti-eri. for Everett, at 8icGunlev, Parker a Wallace, sold 1C3 of AllWn k Co.'« (Mw-. sourl)stockat8c, nponanestimateof54lb4r"cw* upontheJudgeOoulddidnotthinktheprisonershadarighttoquestion tbe validity of the law.'~SAx.Arthursaidthatinallthe25or30casesonsimilarmotions of law no bail had been given except interchangeably; in each in- stance $300 and$500bailhid been accepted. Counselwas anxious to try these cases, and good bail was asked that the far- thering of the accused might be securedJudge Gould did'not think-$1,000 bail excessive; it was neces- sary toshow theprisoners,whowerecontinuallyviolatingthe law, that itsfcnforcernent was an'earnest matter.THE BRIBERY CASE RESUMED.Tbecross-examinationofMr.Slaightwasthenresumed—Sup-SUPERIOR COURT—SrKCiAi,TKRM--JULY 8.— Before Justicecommenceda downward career. Sheisnow the keeperofadisreputablebouse,butherheartstill yearnsforherchildren. Longingtohavethemfartem examination on the bodiesof thedeceased children, andwasofopinionthatdeathwascausedbythepoisonIsanoldandwell-tried remedy.Piuoa ©WIT 2$ cjEtrr*a Borrus.None genuineunlessthefac-simlleofCUKTMIt lew-York, is on the outside wrapper.SoldbyDruggiststhroughouttheworld f- . • .[Advertisement.]. '.PHRENOLOGYANDTHEFOURTHOFJULY.—. ef. FowrJBR will remain at bis rooms, and give Charts to ijtizens and strangers vvory day this week. Hia Cabinet,,No. 3m ' oadway,alwaysopenandFKKKtovisitors.«* [Advertiaoment.]Prof.J.W.FOWLERofthePougbJceepsieXMW. hool will speak in behalf of the Republican cause during t b ehouses:norrideouttogether;belongedtothesamepolitical Aon>e weight. Also ai<other lot of 45 of the sauie class of sjook party; bad a little difference about a primary election; thoughtattheavme rate, andl0Ot>io< Stetrs at about the rates of last Mr. Brady could best tell when the primaries wero held.v » e kBeach &Bray, sold 52 for P . Nottingham. Illinois, course,ToogbOxenandSteers,at7j'd?8ic, and18 fair Ohio 8teer*for TVatxer stWc.Girlett k Toffey 118 for Wood k Conkle. fair 6^ cwt. (Illinois) Steersat8*c;1.Steers,5Jcwt. each.at7Jc,andonepairof Oxenat$140.<tc.pn>forAL*<onarafromOhio.J. Church, 30 Ohio for Kirlin, 7} cwt., Stags and coarse Oxen, n o t fat, ~'alsic.COWS AND CALVES. JudgingfromthenumberofCows in thestable*,andthere*scrunce Company et aL—Order settled, and findings of law and for its support; that an immense quantity of good Buffalo. Rochester, TJtica, Syracuse, Albany, and esent campaign. Address PouQBtxxsFsiX, N . Y .New-York. They are expected here on the 10th inst. j] [AdvertUoiaent-l OntheirreturntheywillvisitPhiladelphia.Baltimore. ' HOYT'S HIAWATHA HAIR RESTORATIVE it ffcetnarkably few buyers seen around them, a n d t h e doleful looksaw:dtalksoftheCowmerchant*, who,bvth*«by,arenearlyailIrish,weare satisnedthat theuiaiketisjust asdullasever.W e don't think- the nverage -eiiu.f? price o f good, fair-lookiug fear of criminating himself; understood from Ward that he de- Jr.-ii mils Cows i* $40 «uri.judgmentagainstthedefendant,witli $10costsofmotion.BKSHet.alagi.Steinfeld.—The defendant wasonlyevery day,puttheirhandsintheirpocketsanddo whateveriswithintheirmeansforthedestituteanddrinkingsaloons,atanyhour ofthedayornight,ex-: ceptwhencompelledbyimperativebusiness;fromen- tering housesofill-fame,jgamblingiJaloom',orfrom playing billiards in any public saloon. The penalty of violating these restrictions is expulsion.VealCarvesdonotsellaawellthisweekastheydidlast. To l>rir.g «c a pound, live weight, a Calf must b e fat and smooth, and weigh 175 to 225 1ft.clined to sign the last bUls of witness's for fear oflosinghisplace; wenttoAlbanytogettbeamountdue himinthetaxlevy; Warddidnotstatehewouldcertify tho hills in »ny condition named—but acknowledged t o severalBefore Justice SuTHKKLANn.it'sthelastyouwillgotfromme";afterthe25thWard certified no more bills; Ward carried three or four other bills of witness's some time, and, though witness asked for them, they were never signed nor put i nCross-examined—WasintroducedtoMr.Ward ayearanda half or two years ago; was then holding this office; asked him to give witness some of the work of lettering a n d numbering; had eiven him some, but with no agreement further than witness wasandhereditamentsofthedefendantsassuretiesinthosumof $75,0(0 for Isaac V. Fowler, late Postmaster, and defaulter to the Government. The application waa argued a fortnight ago under the statute o f t h e United States, a n d w a s based on the gToundthatFowlerwasadefaultertotheGovernmentatthetimetheh^>ndwasexecuted,andthat such fact wasknownto the Post-Giilce Department and the defendants were ignorant of it.CHILDREN GOING WEST.—Yesterday afternoon anunusuallyinterestinggroupofchildrenstartedfornew mentality;J.H.P.DawsonofNo.774Pacificstreetat.Mr. Brady remarked that he had not been at a primary i n fif- foctsigned. , _ • •; teen years, and knew nothing about them. _It is true that now' and then one sells a little higher, but it «* parties that the bills were cdrrect; affidavit produced whichcro^y a chance oue. Thetopofthw market i* 6 c , and it is not Slaight acknowledged to have been made b y him; written in confirmed and divorce granted. :. • \ •'•EIGHTH W ARD CAMPAIGN CLUB.—A number of theat Wate:man's, corner of Varick and Canal streets, and a Zouave uniform. I 'Adams performs wit"» tbe most ferocious Bears In the moat a*-•very lively at that for the best, and only 5c. for ordinary calves, smen as are old und not fat, ox small tolerable fat ones, but too ^roungtosuitretailbutchers. Thereiaandh«beenforsome xnoivtas a marked falling «>£"in the number of kittens offered for •ale—thatiscalvesonly twoorthreedaysold,which are sold, •vutcbered and eaten b y human beings In thia city by the thous- and. I t i s a pity the trade would not be stopt • ntirely.Itwillbenoticedthatthenumberofcalve*receivedthisweek 1* very much leas than last week, and that, by tbe rule of supply xegulatingpriee.shouldhav«Wenhaucedit;yetwefindthecon- trary. The supply it smaller and price tower.Wenoticedasaleofealvesto-daythatweighed 2701ftdownto 2251ft,and«cne at1691ft. notfatandsmootbVbotreallyinvery Sood condition for the butcher, at 5 cents; and we noticed that although the supply was BOmuch smaller than usual, the demand Was quite ia accordance. ' /• THE SHEEP MARKET. Thisbranchof"thelive-stockmarket ha*suffered this week,Mr. Stevens'* office, his lawyer, by Mr Stevens' clerk; it- was areplytotheaffidavitofMr.Ward:spokeAoMr.Richardson and others to endeavor to g-jt Mrs. Ward to Met the bills: never spoke to Mr.Alex. Mason abont Mr.Ward;knewJohnand Fianci* Hotariog. a n d Peter Colton, n o t M r . Hope-or Hall; Thomas Chiton came u p t o h i s house with another gentleman to endeavor to get witness t o settle t h e matter o f the bills prt- vat«-lywithWard:wasinColton'splace,andsaidTheAtlat would gi-»e WardJesse; Peter Colton said it would serve Ward right; madenothreats,unlessthatcouldbecalledone;wasnotcon- nected with The Atlas, and did not proouro any article to be written;didnotsayhewouldbe*•avenged;Mhadsaidsincehis, removaltliatbeshouldhaveboonremovedbefore hewas;thaf he was satisfied with the removal, and did not regret his monnv; never n-quested Mr . Hotaling to offer Ward mocey to.certify the unpaid bills-DisriictAttorneyWoterburytestified that hisattentionwasBliss et.al. agt. Nelson.—Motion for judgmentgruntedwith$10costa. • . . . .Graham agt. Robineon.—Motion granted and judg-forthepurposeofformingaClub. Theroomwaawell filled by some of the most intelligent and respect-Their drills consist of scaling walls over the inclined! plainsformedbytbe-backsoftheirBtoopingcomrades, and again, by the sheer lifting power of the left arrn^^onishing manner, dancing and waltzing with them, and where $egreat living BlackBeaLionistobeseen,toThirteenth. $*eet, between Broadway and Fourth avenue, will bo one of thos t Interesting places o f resort in the city to-day.- V." • i »[Advertisement.]MEYER'S MIRACULOUS^ JMMTKK'S M uucoxoT rs, VXHMI»DEsmoTna,••• •:.fortheprosecution,claimingthatif Slaightwas to bebelieved,DearMother:Anockedfromtbetopof a carat Decatur, Mich., being h it by a witness could spare out of that bill (the one of S143): had had a Ennis Folks, colored, withdrew his plea of not guilty, and visitors is expected to-day. It appears that.the largest had no feeling, but I assure you I have. Please let my employ-timber projec'ingovar tbe track.'Clark,Va»lk Benedictm^9sellingthreedroves—oneof48headftow low. byWataon.ahardlotof ChoctawOxenandmedium S:eer», at 8 c ; also, 101 head from Ul'nois, for Pierson. good, fair Buality8cwt.Steers,atB^Sc.afewperhapsatrifleover; also, £2 from 1Unois, byMorris, fair Illinois Steers, 7 cwt, atbill casbed that day, of $1-2 20, which had never been paid; WardtoldwitnesstheFourthhadoome.andhe wantedtouse money,andwantedto know how.much witness could spare; told ws&rd that lie did not know; that he did not think this w a s onthesquare;thatattherateofpercentagehewaslosingmoney bythework;gavehim$30,andtoldhimhecouldnotstandit; (witnessproved abill,dated June 25, $100 odd); the next con-plead guilty to manslaughter in tho first degree, in caasing the deathofMaryStuart- FV-lkswishedimmediatesentence,ashe saidhewassickand tiredofstayinginthe Tombs doingnoth- ing. The Assistant District Attorney would not consent to the' sentenceuntilThursday,aahesaidheknewnothingofthe case,andsome injustice mightbedonewhichhowouldavoidAdjourned to Thursday.— »UNITED STATES DISTRICT COTJRT-JOXY 2.—Before Judge BKTTS.THE POST-OFFICE DEFALCATION—ISAAC V . FOWLERSBOND—INJUNCTION AGAINST EXECUTION OF WAR-ers know that Ifeel ashamed for my conduct toward you in their numberofvisitorswhichwereonboardtheshipin- presence;theycanneversaythatIwrongedthemoutofacent-ingforsolongacommunication,Iremainyours, Kevo-York, June2G,I860.A BEGGING IMPOSITION.Jiard^ 8jcBarney Bartram haa a drove of Alexander It Conner's Bul- versation with Ward abont this matter was July 16; Ward askedHORACE GREELEY, esq., N. Y.—-DearSir: "P&A* ons,purportingtobeundertheapprovalofyourselfandother oding citizens of New-York, are in circulation throughout tbecinity, in favor of the sufferers by the late tornado In tbe est. . . .locks,ratheraroughlotofIllinoisstock which hethinksare y ot s. Hin; as well as last week. For 40 of the best not any over &c. offered.ifwitnesshaddrawnthebilllastproved;answeredthat hehad some money; said he was short,and wanted. $35; gave it, and left him; subsequently, atCrook k Duff's, asked for more money; witness replied that he was going to stop doing business in that way; Ward said he wanted money to take nis family in the country; asked how much he wanted; said $50; told him he had .Tho*. White & Son have 158 bead of H. A. Smiths Co.'s Iowa atock. which tney declare are not selling as well aa last week, ffbey are selling at 8®9c upon 7J cwt average weight.•••«<r^ »;MA^V& »«*» ,t:The gentlemen pre* each; very unprofitable stock for a l l parties, a n d really a pity examined—Testified to Ward's holding office: did not know what' engaged in the fancy jewelry business at No. 77 Cbatham-streot,for fortyriam.CBwere speedily attached. After some fur-5 S * 2.S3S, ahowa Wl^head leas than the vreagn, and 1,174 bead made as low as $ 1 12J each for some of those offe-ed. This wa* : : ;the the"otheEditor ofTheN.Y. Tribune.SIR: Your reccnf articles upon the canker wor,ovtrhichissosononslydevastating thefottageoftbecity,stirin* ip to lay before your readers the information which some yean >fcarefulobservation have enabled meto^aiarespectingtide xstofourneighborhood. I dothisthemore,because Inotice- tome suggestions inyourissue of to-day which look tothe Iidoptionofremedies;andbefore anyremedy istrieditises- lentialthatwehave»OBKassurancethatitwillbeefteetaaL 'I was a student in New-Haven at the time when the ravages of heinsectweresotfsvere inthatcity,andwitnessedtbeexttet— iesolation which the creatures produced, Tbe magnificent ela»If you have authorized any snch thing, in either a public OT Mx. Daiton bought at Albany, of Morgan, 21 Wisconsin Steers, hut $110, and had his men to pay; took all the money out of his The United States agt. George Law and Guatavus G. Conover. trip, the run wa* performed to Cowes in nine days, ofher employers. It was Mary's practice to obtain-ja^ THonal capacity, please give notice of the same in THK Tnrja-RANT OF DISTRESS. ' '. :Isaac Budlong sold 36 common stock, Illinois Steers for Mas- o d o the work; was to furnish the signs, pencil, and letter them This morning Judge Betts delivered his opinion on the motion. Children's Aid Society. Thirty-five boys and girls, of street, says the same in regard to a quantity of her \ ing Eighty-fourth street, under t h e Street Commissioner;terson.at8c-upon6$cwt. , _Joseph. H . Williams has 36 Ohio Durham 8 cwt. Steers, owned t>vEd. Williams,whichwillsellat9c, andjustaboutthe sameps la*t week.Herry Hnrd has 67 rood 6J cwt. Steers from Illinois, b y PatiKearn. the topof which aril at 9 c •Charles G Teed is selling 75 head, mostly Durham grades,from Pickaway County, Ohio, b y J. B . Parcels, some a little coar»e. estimated to average 8 c , and expected to sell at 9 c , final »7erageabout$73. . . . . . . .Simon Uleryhas112ofJohnT.Alexander's Bullocks,avery nice d o v e for retailing, which be i s holding hard for an average e f 9 c . but may not exceed »$c—the market tather better for such Zflteon Steers than hurt week. •- ' ' . , , ' L ' ^ 'T. C . Eastman sella 87 good fair Illinos Steers for Joel Dalby, evtimsted 7J cwt, and expected to average $67. He considers the market but little if any better than last week, on the wholeg ^ u s i n e * * . '• „D. G. Culver bought 48 here to sell again, good 9 cwt. Steers, which be retailed, b e estimates at an average of 9 c - f Hi uponactual weights. 'Murrav k Glover sell one of John T . Alexander's droves at alittle better terms for owner than 2ast week. T h e stock i s n o t <n>ite M>good, snd sells for about the same price—that Is, about Sjc. npon 6j owt for f«ir Illinois ste*rs.. Jobn A. Merritt baa a drove for Alexander k Fitch, t h e mont of wl«-h b»composed o f gr»-en IlBnots steers. Three of the tail aoldfor $125. and another lot at 8c. f to, $53 each, and but few s>f the top a t 9 c I t i s a bad-selling drove, and dragged through theentireday. *for25centstachthepricealwayspaid;Wardsaid$2perdayw » allowed for putting up the signs; Ward asked witness to hire a friendofhistoputupthesiim*,Vhichbedid;madenoprofiton the job—lost by it, hut would not if paid all his bills; if paid all, couid not tell without referring to his book the profit; ace<tdn bill produced, dated July 9, $U2 45, had been discounted, but not paid by the city; another of July 2, $172. stood in the same relation; tbey were assigned': witness thought he h i d five more bills notpaitf, for signs lumished, about $400 o r $500, a \d h e had 1,500 signs on hand when he abandoned the work; of the signsonband,nobill hadbeen madeout;neveragreedto give Ward 50 per cent of the whole amount of his bills; never swore to such a thing; was in the Grand Jury-room three or four days getting up this case; did not swear there that he had agreedto give Ward 50 per cent; knew John Richardson; told the Grand Jury that Mr. Richardson said he had made the arrangement be- tween h i m (witness) a n d Ward, about tho percentage; swore before the Grand Jury that there was no agreement.THE SUNDAY THEATRICALS.Here the bribery case was suspended, and Mr. Arthur ap- peared and asked the commitment of four parties—Jas. O'Conor, Benry Sick, Edward Hammond, and Otto Hoym, in default of $1,000 eaeb ball in each case, being in t h e matter o f theatrical exhibitions on Sunday.Mr. Brady, as counsel for t h e defendant, objected to this bau, being under a new law, t h e constitutionality o f which w a s doubted; the law was a peculiar one, andi applied only to theHe decided that there wasa seriouschargeagainstthe Post- Office Deportment, as to the concealment of certain facts in re- lationtoFowlerbeingadefaultertotheGovernment*tthetime of «he execution of the band. This charge ought to be investi- gifled, and for that puipose the Court would order two issues to he t-ied—one to be an issue of fact before a Jury, and tho other an issue o f law as to any concealment by the Post-Office Depart- ment. In th« nuean time he thought the complainants were e n - titled to relief as against the execution of tbe warrant. H e would therefore issue a n injunction to restrain execution until the issues had been determined. In the mean time, the com-ageBvarying from four to fifteen years, assembled at Clinton Hall, and thence were conveyed to the depotNicholasMooneywassimilarlyqualifiedasAssistantHoaith bed clothing; Sophia Lynch of Front street, deposed to| urden of the Fourteenth Ward !'having lost $80 in watches, & c , on account o f havingJudge Gould—The city i s probably esteemed i n danger. 'Mr.Bradysaidthattbeparties,ifconvicted,wouldlosetheir sionersheldalloftheaccusedfor.triaL,tendance, both died at an early hour yesterday morn- father, now deceased, had been a respectable pro- ing. Two other children vfho partook of the contentsUNITEDST A TESBefore Commissioner STILWBM,. •LARCENY AT SEA.$7costswithlibertytorenew.COMMISSIONER'SOFFICE—Jerry- 2 .—.BOBWOUTM. DECISIONS.mRichard Laeey, a sailor o n board the American ves- sel David Stewart, was arrested on a charge of stealing the cloth- ing of the mate of tbe vessel. T h e evidence disclosed that t h e prisoner was under the impression that the mate had taken his clothes and in revenge he went to the mate's cabin took his clothing and threw i t overboard Tho Comirussioner committed him for triaLBefore Commissioner BRtnGHAM. REVOLT A N D MUTINY.The examination of Conrad Kiluger and the threeother seamen of the ship Tibee, who were sent home on a chargenamed Eugene Cisco and Ann Wright, living in the tenement houee No. 161 West Twenty-eighth street, found a bottle partially filled with blue ink in the street. They filled the bottle up with water andTayloret.al.acrt.Keep;anatal.—Exceptionssettled.Young sgt. Wuiett,—Form ofjudgment that plaintiif away from the contaminating scenes in which shecontainedinthe ink.Jury in the case, but the .inquest w a s adjourned to allow a chemical analysis of the intestines to be made.UNITED STATES ZOUAVE CADETS OF CHICAGO.-—may enter settled. / '' Frostagt.JayetaL—Judgmentsettled.moves herself, she has consigned them to the parental care of the C. A. Society, which now sends them to the Weet;—there, it is trusted, to became good men andwomen,undertbeinfluencesofanatural,healthy,.,. Langley agt. Clickener et al.—Motion denied withBefore Justice ROBKHTSON.posed the first $25 given Ward was a loan; Ward said he wouldpay it back; did not think the second sum paid was a loan; was SU•kR E M E COURT—SPECIAL TKKM—JULY 3.— Before Justice, rural life. Those interested in the Society state that This military organization, numbering 61 men rankintimate with Ward up to last Spring; did not visit each other'sSUTHBKI^N'n. itsifphere of action contracts and expands in direct and file,[under command of Capt. E. E. Ellsworth, left;DECISIONS.Duncan et al. agt. The Farmers' and Mechanic'In- ratio with the amount contributed by the benevolent Chicago on Monday on a tour extending to. Detroit,Robert-BruceKenny,aliasStone,aliasFnaV,wastriedand convictedofforgingthenameofDr.D.M.Reese,inwhoseem- . plov he formerly served as coachman, to a check on the Chemi- calBankfortbosumof$875.which amountwasdrawnbyhimon the 14th o f May. The Court sentenced him to Sing Sing for. threeyears " • . • •.-,AnnLogan,agood-looking Englishwoman ofabout-21,was tried forthe secondtime,onacharge ofbigamy,theJury)hav- ingdisagreedontheprevioustriaL Thecomplainantis William Krause,whsallegesthathemarried thedefendant abont eight months ago, and before the honeymoon was over was surprised bythereturnofaformerhusbanddulymarriedthreeyear*ago. in the shape of a colored cook belonging to the ship Emerald Isle. Indefenseofthe prisoneritwaa,urgedthatsheoftenhad a peculiar kind o ffit,during the paroxysm of which she did notknow what she was doing, and that she married the negro cookcalloftheChijir!. '•v;..•:••-.-How very, important to the farmers it is that they should look out of it. The fact that Slaight went to Albanv and tried to get James street, and abont 6 o'clock next morning stumbled into>*be CONTRACT AWARDED.—The contract for laying a icle, is an improvement, I am not able to say.more to quality, and never sell them till they attain to a sire that wHI command a good price..ArrivalsthisweekofsheepdroversatBnrwning's:hallway leading into the yard where th e defendant caught him around the neck with his arm, threw him, and w i:h the assist- ance of accomplices, who kicked and beat him, robbed him of a watchworth $25;afterwhich,thewholegangfled,andthe prisoner was not seen again "by the complainant until the 22d of June, when an officer waa called to arrest him.' Judge Russell sent him to the State Prison for 5 years.Adjourned until Thmsday.heavy " three and four feet main pipe from the pips | chamber of the receiving reservoir at Eightieth street,, through Fourth avenue to Forty-second street, an<j[ thence eastwardly to any point which may hereaftoTr( be designated," which w a s laid over by the Croton^ Board on Monday in consequence of some im?ormalityy was awarded yesterday to Andrew J . Hackley, a t $67,288 35..»i•i.A series of convenient guide-books to the principal fashjonable Summer routes has been published by A» ,The whole merit of the plan, however, consists in its adapta- on to the habits of the insect. The female—which deposrU ita „„suponthebodyandbranchesofthetreebeforetheopening; ft the Spring—is wingless, apterous, aa w e say in Entomology j ind being incapable o f flying, i s effectually arrested by tbe h«r- rk-r whiCft is presented by such an open tube encircling tbe tree,e protection is complete, the application is easy, and Usey is effectual, .• „One feet, however, is to be taken into view, which effectually ten the case with us. After familiar study o f our New-York sect for several year, past, I am convinced that it Is awstxtfrety•kifferentitpeeiet, of different habits in many respects; and abort* i u, different in the one particular which gives all its vahte t* the ' few-Haven remedy; our species poneme$fuUy the power ofFrom Ne*. -York H . » . Tryon,181r R . McUraw. 253; A M .127;Da-ridPoncher,202;PeterKilmer,172;M.DMorgan.121: orthatMr.Slaightwa«alsoguilty,forthelawappliedasmuchu > . York. 218; Thos. Ho»sberry, 88; LeviMHer, 29; William M. Miller, 21.-i-"force on tbe ground, ready for early operations, butquince ofthe large deficiency in the supply, becauseit 12; Peter Brewer, 23; Geo. B.Holcombe, 281; Peter A. Bloom,appearedtobeanalmostuniversalopinionthatonlya 50; B.Lawrance,22;Z.Osmun,76;OliverKline,143; Craig& thereof,empowering Mr.Ward to makeacontr*ct, whichhedenied that the faoVwae proven Mr.' Brady iualsted, as matter cpi:ennwfllhigtopay.theadvanceasked,inconse-. l-rvtu*.ew-Jersey—RichardBellis,130;D.S.Cramer,40:M-' oflaw.thatunderthestatuteonwhichtheindictmerjtwasA. Appar, 26; Andrew Bobbins, 239; Jacob West, 69; C. Wills, 80; L-Bellis, 142; Apgar & Linneberry, 4 8 : Peter Voorheese,made, the accused must have done something in an official capa- city, not as an individual, to make him amenable to the la»v. There was n o power in th e Corporation, or any departmentEXTENSIVEFiRE AT THE SING SING"f' m.PRISON.7.pentine, paint, and other combustibles were stored.that the defense did not undertake to impeach his honesty andcharacter, i s the best proof that he i s honest and pure. A s t oWard refusing to sign the Assistant's bills because he believed TRIBUNE as to that charge, visitors were very few. nray for m e. I am tired of life, and da not want to live any-J themtobefalse;thefactthat heapproved thofirstbill,wasevidence enough thatbehad no such belief. As to Lucas's state-m e n t t h a t S l a i g h t s a i d V V a r d n e v e r r e c e i v e d m o u e y , t h e D i s t r i o tAttorney showed that Slaight hincwel'' did n o t say, he gave anym o n e y u n t i l a f t e r h i s c o n v e r s a t i o n w i t h L u c a s -i ^and, in accordance with what was set forth in THETbenumber onboard was variouslyestimated at 900, you will forgive me. M y love to m y aunt, and ask her to for.,ear it was omitted >nd t h e deserted shells o f the eggs o f last e a r m a y n o w b e s e e n o n t h e t r u n k s o f t h e t r e e s s o s e r i o u s l y h a - jiiredbythemthis summer. Noothermethodthanthisaffords the least security; bnt this, if faithfully carried out under anyj o m p e t e n t s u p e r v i s i o n , c a n b e m a d e e n t i r e l y e f f e c t u a l . T b s ? r g s r « m a i n f o r n e a r l y a y e a r b e f o r e t h e y a r e b a t c h e d , q u i t e o b » iions,andtolerablyaccessible.Acoupleofmenwould"intwothree days clean any one of our parks of this destroying lis,lust r tbe next summer; and careful attention for a few yearn ronghoat the city would nearly exterminate the pest, nptils-1 , 2 0 0 , a n d 1 , 5 0 0 . A l t h o u g h e a c h p a y i n g v i s i t o r h a dg i v e m e . I k n o w y o n w i l l f e e l b e t t e r w h e n y o u k n o w w h a t h a s become o f me. Tell a ll w h o m a y inquire after me that lam,' d e a d . M o t h e r , h a v e a c a r e o f J P ; d o n o t t r u s t h i m t o ot o p a s s t h r o u g h a p a t e n t r e g i s t e r w h i c h , a t t h e h o u r o fanyonedayinEnglandwas7,500,athalf-a-crown,or 60centsAmericancurrency,each.THE TRIP OF THE ADRIATIC—The running time of the Adriatic on her last trip (allowing for difference of rime'between Southampton and Liverpool) occupied about nine days and twenty.hours. Onber outwardDearmother,pleaseprayforme,thatImaynotgotohelL -'!•';. I remain yonr son, dead or alive, , HENRYJ.S.LEAR,!;Mrs. J. G. LEAK,No.119Leonard street.THIEVING SERVANT GIRL.—An Irishservantgirl, by the name of Mary Hamilton,having as many aliases as situations, was yesterday arrested by officer Secor of the 7th precinct,charged wiih having robbed several,B.N.M.homes and usefulness in the West, forwarded thitherunder the auspices of Mr. Charles L. Brace andtheBrooklyn,saysMarytook$70worthofplateandcloth- ing from him; Frederick Guterman of No. £8 Orchard^.plainantsshouldgiveabondinthesumof$200,000toabideany beensavedfromtheviceandruinofBtreetlifeinNew- mittedtoanswer.judgment the United States should obtain against them.York, through the agency of this admirable charity, within the six months now at a close.Among the little ones gathered a t Clinton Hall yes- terday, one gr»up of four brothers and sisters, embrac- ing tw o girls, aged respectively thirteen and nine years, and two boys of eight and four, was especially noticeable. -• •'."•'. i Monday afternoon, two children aged about four years,All the four possessed attractive features, and were drank the contents. Soon after both were seized withgentle, modest and intelligent in demeanor. C|^ inqui- ry, we learned that they were half-orphans, whqseviolent vomiting, and in spite of prompt medical at-work is left undone, for the want of more ampleDec*ruber, when witness's confidence, in him was shaken; it had DoD»elly agt. The Mayor, &c—Referred to Na- means.. In certain Wards, for instance, they are not Washington, Pittsburgh, and Cincinnati. The tour will «t article in the market for gMng to gray or red hair a UfeHka -r !iMr.Slaightcontinued—Wasongood terms with Ward until CIUMBKKS—JULY. 3.—Before Justice INGRAHAM.been tomewhat shaken when the mdneys were demanded, but thaniel Jarvls,-jr.,e»q. yet able to establish their Industrial Schools, and eet uptoDecemberentertained nobadfeeling; Wardkeptprom-»ck or brown. See advertisement, in another column. [Advertisement]BARNUM'S MUSEUM.—This old favorite place ofnsement »ill be thronged to-day. The immense novelties dattractionspresentedinthebillsandadvertisementagaanos- efullhouses. Ourfriends,frombothcountry andcity.wtB-suretorindalltheamusementandrecreationtheycandeafer* ere; for,inadditiontothe entire list ofcuriosities.'splDswHd ratio performances take place i n t h e grand Lecture Roena ly every hour of the day and evening—the first ooramerxriaag;110o'clocka.m,occupytwentydays,andwillcostfrom$8,000to Uingthattheunapprovedbillsshouldbereapproved;thought Peekagt.Williaetal.—Motiongrantedonpaymenttheirvisitorstowork.Willnotall,whosympathize$10,000.iabletoarrest.unaerthefirstsubdivisionofsection179,andshould onlyberequiredtogivetheordinaryundertaking. Inotherre>spects the order of arrest i» sustained. No costs on this motion. vagrant children of this great city ? .;. •The Cadets will bring with them their entire equip- ments and uniforms, consisting of one full dress of blue "William Schwuxiz agt. Matilda Schwartz.—Report substantial men of thia Ward met on Monday evening and buff, a chasseur uniform (French) of blue and red,Willongby H. Reed agt. Martha Reed.—Report con- firmed and divorce granted . „ . „ , ' , , ,a[Advertisement.] t^,In re. petition of Isaiah Keyser to v-aAcpaptleicatsisoenssdmeneinedtment ordered for plaintiff with $10 coats.able men of the Ward. O n motion of Mr. Joseph •fighting-as skirmishers from all.positions, a la Ilardee;Before Justice BorrarKY. forregulatinga'dgradingSecondavenue.-Edgerley, ex-Councilman Avery w a s called to th eexecuting the dashing bayonet exercise, and, in point offact,allthemovementswhichsciencehasinvented to render the modern light infantry man perfect in thechair,andMr.j.M.MurrayappointedSecretary. Bazeltonagt.Clarketal.—Casesettled.MotionfocJ^So^ebriefbutpertinent^^remarksweremadebythe artofman-killing.and petition dismissed. r- Humphreys agt. Noraworthy et al.-injunctionandreceiverdeniedwith$10costs.COURT O F GENERAL SESSIONS—JULY 3 -Before Judge. . B.USSKLL.Henry Bogert, who eoatched a buckskin pur«e con-taining $20 from the hand of Mins Cornelia Wiggins of tho Riv,-rChair, and others. The gentlemen present then onmotionproceededtoformtheEighthWardLincolnand Hamlin Campaign Club by the election of the fol-lowing officers: President, ex-Aid. W m . Tucker;VicePrOEidents, J. M.Murray,Thos.G.Baker,L.VXKM1W DasTROYTUt, terminates RATS and MiC*. ROACHES, WATTO-BOO* andHon.*atHarlemonthe4tteofJane,wlrilet»v»tlady waswalk-itesslon, andLoss of Memory, cured byoriginalandpaialemr x very setexe fluetua'im. Hie tide th..t w.eat up so strong dur- first cull, d to the case by the Street Commissioner, who desired ing by herself in Waverley place, was arraigned on tu£.°I},ir5,''°r Avery; Secretaries, Edwin H . Pierce; James R. Council, and the officers of the First Division New- xjeatment, unattended by risk ox the loss of time, by the taoosasing the previons week, has flooded back on the ebb lo-ver th.tn it wasatnrat.Tbedepressionthatshmoditself->strongon JVfor.dayandTuesday,affectedLamb*ratheruxor*thanitdidSheep. T h e market w a s quite overstocked with Lamb*—so aaucn so, that several hundred that came into Browning's peasthe case laid before the Grand Jury; that Mr. Smith examined vtt>em,andMr.Smithnamedthepartieswhowouldlikelybe abletofindinformationinthematter.Tire appointment o f Mr Wurd, May 15,1858, Inspector of Side walks, was proven. '."larcenyofmoueyfromperson,!'andwuasenttotheatatefrls- Gilmore;Treasurer,A.F.Brady.ACommitteeof YorkStateMilitia.Thodrillwillconsistoffivehun- •arable—inthiaspecialty—M.LAJUKOHT,Physics*andSurgewa,onfoury^arsonapleaofguilty. ... r r.t i Geo- McWood pleaded guilty o f entering the store o r CharlosUntitled DocumentH. Watson, No. 85Nasaau-st., in tho latter part of May last, andThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069dredmovements,dividedbotweenScott'e,Hardee's,Vuthor,&o.,No.647Broadway, upstairs,New-York,treat* Jru. toap, m., and Tuesday and Thursday eveoiaga, from 7 te ft. Hwthehundred*otteftiA9tti»l* tahUfwihc bwfc.www.fultonhistory.comthree were appointed to wait on tho President elect,Chasseur, Zouave, and their own peculiar drill.:. >and inform him of his election.ent'theifproceeded,toe|gntheroll,towhichnearlyI|quarters. EachZouaveisfurnishedwithrations.. EARLYarrived from the South since June 30, 6,740 barrels of vegetables, 505boxes peaches, 3,659 water melons, and 372 musk melons, by the various steamships plying!VEGETABLES ANDFRU IT.—Theretigations yesterday at Mr.. Sweeney's office, in Wall street, Mr. E . W . Leavenworth presiding, f. SeveralFriday, the defense will proceed to offer testimony. The examination of witnesses in the interest of Rich-'•irorm were published at length some years ago In The American. , ournal of Science, and received from him tho assurance that ,i iy Impression that the two species were entirely diattnei, wae] leriod. After coming down from the tree, i t lays itself up-ibs a iocoon formed of a few thin fibres of silk, in the crevices of the >arkofthe.treeswhichitfrequents, or npon posts and fence* effects of a dese of siaychnine, taken for the purpose of -I tear the tree. There the insect may ,nov> be found undergoingbody of Henry J. S. Lear, 20 years of age, formerly residingatNo.119Leonardstreet, whodied fromtheclothing, but returned without those articles. This he repeated several times, his mother never being able to;: account for his strange actions. At last-he yielded t o !gardingthecauseofhisdistress. OnMondayhepro-, ark. Theyadherebyaglntiuoassecretionveryfirmlytothe-pray for me that I may not be tortured in the next world. I nvrjjj. s u f f e r e d e n o n g h i n t h i s , a n d a m d e t e r m i n e d t o d i e , t h e r e f o r elonger. ItistruethatIhavenottreated youwell,bat I hopeto come. Mary admitted the thefts, and was com,--< sed that tbe deceased, while reaching out to place the signals,f•• — i — a -FOUR CHILDREN POISONED WITH BLUE INK.—OnCoronerGambleimpanneledaOntheirarrivalinthiscitytheywillbereceivedby adetachmentofsixtymenofthe6thRegiment,Gov-ernor's Guard, Col.J. C. Pinckney, after which bothJ *yall Druggists. commands will proceed to the Astor House and break-jfast. The same day they will give an exhibition drill-!in thePark,in thepresenceoftheMayor,CommonADAMS'S CALH^ORNU MANAGERIE, where OW|IAHD£NiNsncTS.PrincipalDepot,No.61*Broadway, SM4 "v[Advertisement.] • •"Nervous Debflity, local and general, Mental De-•They will accept Coi Pxackney's hoepttafitr, wt•v• :<};,', 