 EfclIN.the the re- v andfaierf shafiMr.. «cv e isthe Mgnificanfc.LiucolaThe is a com- declara- ont-subjection *lared war us—they Let or iafying rights romp£laws who fogf-protecting. i ainstruct tore- Dis«t h e mtoriea reeentft*of ih& " menaceditit a*axxdationviMmcwr b y to over- thera eigntyv greedy nariorr.firstWhathsbearecentna,:iVedThe lara> <ttoatrh©forfor thdaing :her. fT & — *&*ouS thetyPO*'«fccaibng itself Kepubhcan—a party whose leading ob- ject is the destruction of the institution of Slavery as it exists in the Slaveholding States. Their most distin- grtisi.ed leaders, in and out of Congress, have publicly said boldly own lairoed this to be their intention and un-bind the churches or religious bodies we represent, and expressly disclaiming any wish in any form to do so, we are constrained, as men, as citizens, as Christians, to give full place in our hearts to the love of country.ARMS FOR GEORGIA^The Hartford Times of the 19th says:—The steamer City of .Hartford takes this afternoon as rhood that the unfortunate man had said the negroes were to be emancipated by the election of Mr. Lin- colu. Mr. Ribero did not know of the storm which was gathering to burst upon his head'. On the first of hist week the planters oi the'vicinity,- armed with re-,'We commend to our readers the following letter to agentleman of this city. It was'written by a^ promi- petual." These Articles constituted the Constitution ing to visit her with thunder and bludgeons, and fire j And now, friend Chesnnt, take my advice. i)on't^ s e p a r a t e State. Here fV qTM*«<» turns entirely haps California and Oregon, in electing Mr. Lincoln,In transmitting to Gov. Moore the foregoing preamble I : AMOS KENDALL UPON SECESSION.io the manafaotoird *f | glass; witfc 400,000negroesycfccsanOTppIyaHChrirfea-| dom with glass. Go at it, by all meann.South Carolina almost equals, in wealth and popula-tion, that splendid adjunct of this State, Long Island t Only think of the « Secession'' of Long Island I W« should hate to lose her. But, still, Long Islaud mightthi8<W»*»on miwt.be settled inline negative before any sort of duty requires - tlie General Government to interiere in, support of itsnot have been so inhnmaDlvused bat for the excited state of the public mind. The proceedings throughout were probably the work of a mob too powerful for re-on the right of 8eccssi<i»: anawho is pledged to carry out the principles of the party that elected him. The course or events shows clearly that this party will, in a short time, have a majority in\- From The WaMngUm SECTION No. 11.Vto bis wife coolly, took the other himself, leav- deepest concern for the honor and safety of the South-cherished aS the fruit of those toils which were narra- tionary- war, through the refusal or neglect of some of ted to us when children by our grandfather, who shared the States to fulfill their Federal obligations in that re- the perils and sacrifices of the Revolution. But it is spect, the United States found themselves without no longer what it once was; and we should be false to means to support the' public credit or perform thepresent a truly imposing and sanguinary aspect. • Why list, and the foreign intercourse, beside rewards fordid not our Wide-Awakes think of.the cockade 7 runaway negroes, and pensions to the retiring* FederalMy most honorable friend, you theaten " Secession." ! officers-^-all "these will cost something; and unless youWhat for? T can't discover the cause, the mode, or ! will give yourself a little while to the vulgar businessof counting the cost, you cannot know but they may the benefit. You say it is because we have elected j exceed even the duties which you pay on imports,Lincoln for President. Well, I suppose we hadas good i which now so grind you to dust. Think of it, dearing bis theoretical young son, just returned from col- lege, who bad declared he could prove that two were three, leaving him, we nay, to find the third egg as best he might;, thus, we take it, the people will pro- ceed straight on the open path of prudence and goodquestions may subject me to severe criticism by those generation of dissatisfied Senators, Congressmen. Gov* who* do not view these matters as I do; but feeling• sense, disregarding the qmps and quirks of the wholea right to elect Lincoln as you bad to vote for Breckin- ridge. I believe we have infringed no law or right. His election, therefore, can furnish no just cause of of- fense. And how do you propose to do it ? Wearing cockades ia a harmleaw matter—somewhat eccentric, to be sure, but quite harmlese. I would suggest, also, the three-cornered hats of Revolutionary notoriety. This would make a grand' ahow.Convention."I Sxxlly agree with you that " these are questions of deep interest to the people of the State," and having, after mature deliberation, determined upon my course in regard to them, and not considering it inconsistent with my public duty to communicate that determina- tion to you, with leave to publish it, I unhesitatingly do so. The intense interest and feeling which per-vade the public mind, make it not only proper, but my..d-jty. ; . • ..After stating a long list of aggressions in the-pream- ble to the Joint resolutions referred to, the first resolu- tion provides " that upon the happening of the contin- gency contemplated in the foregoing preamble, viz: the election of a President advocating the principles and action of the party in the Northern States, calling itself the Kepubhcan party, it shall be the duty of the Governor, and he is hereby required forthwith to issue" hi *proclamation," &c.The Constitution of the United States points out the- mode of electing a President, and directs that " each State shall appoint, in such manner as the Legislature thereof may direct, a nnmbei of electors,Jeqnil to the whole number of Senators and Representatives to which the State may be entitled in Congress." SeeArt.2,61. , J . .Art. 12. $ I. of Amendments to the Constitution pro- vides that the electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote by ballot for "President and Vice-Pre-withdrawal be either an insurrection or an invasion. W e should remember that Alabama must act and de- cide the great question of resistance or submission, for herself. No other State has the right or the power toThe Convention proposed that the Constitution framed by them should be submitted for ratification, not to the Legislatures of the-States, but to a Convention in each State chosen by the people thereof, and Congress adopted their recommendation. Conventions were hela, the proposed Constitution was ratified, and thus became the act of the people. Their objects' in ratify- ing it are set forth in the preamble, and foremost among them is tne increased Bt«unitr of t w Tj..ion." We the people of the United States," say they, GALLANT MEN TO THE RESCUJC !—The tocsin of war. "in order to form a more perfect union," &c„ "doing, brow-beating, and bludgeoning. The North are tne action of South Carolina, though we believe thatslow, and mean to.be about right; and when they she even will hesitate before proceeding to extremities. know they are right, they will go ahead. ' We are Union men, who believe that its preservation For thirty years the wnole country has been kept in is of more importance than all the negroes in the coun-an uproar and feverish excitement by the threats of try, and will not allow it to be riskea upon'an abstrac- " secession" arjd " nullification" in South Carolina. tion. Nor will we enter singly, or in connection with She has been dissatisfied, supercilious, domineering, any other State or States, into a foray against Mr. impudent, and abusive, carrying her point by bully- Lincoln, before he has had an opportunity or showingmost grave and serious character are brought upon the question ? He is the head of a great sectional party country. While possessing no authority to pledge orthat "he did not know .about that." From this con- enough to profit by this in the Stock Board, &c. r. versation the report spread around the neighbor*-$1,000 per head. We don't know much about this kind of stock up here, but some of the papers say the entente, in your State, has reduced their value to $250 each, equal vto $100,000,000. Now. my valued friend, is not: this abolishing-Slavery to the extent, of one- qna; tci, and if this trivial spurt of disaffection, this threat of secession, by irate politicians; abolishes one-the city and vicinity, as a body, preferred that both the American army and the city should fall into British hands. Few of the Carolinians would enlist under the American banner, but after the capitulation flocked to the royal standard by hundreds,"Standing aloof, for the most part, from political par- alterable determination*. Their newspapers are filled ties and contests, our retired and quiet position doesNearly every one of the non-;->lavebol<"ing States States in this Confederacy has failed, in important par- have been for years under the control of the Black Re- ticulars, to answer the purposes for which it waspublicans* A large majority of tiiese States have nulli- created. From the administration of the Federal Gov-and others for hanging him, without any preliminary nians that disruption would abolish Shivery; andceremony whatever. They did not deign to inform hence thay have prayed lor it and labored forit. Now the prisoner what lie had "done to merit so summary you know, my very dear friend, that I am a Blacktied the Fugitive Slave law", and have successfully re- sisted its execution. They have enacted penal statutes, punishing, by fine and imprisonment in the Peniten- tiary, persons who may pursue and arrest fugitive slaves in said Stntes. Tney have by law, under heavy penalties, prohibited any person from aiding the owner to arrest his lugiiive sLve, and have denied us the use of their prisons to secure our slaves until they can be Teifovedfrom the Stole. They nave robbed tneSouth of slaves, worth millions of dollars, and have rendered utterly ineffectual the only law parsed by Congress to protect this species oi property. They have invaded the State of Virgil i.«, armed ier sLtves with deadly •weapons, murdered her citizens, and seized the UnitedStales Armory at Harper's Ferry. Tney have sent ei< isi-arios into the State of Texas, who burned many towns, and furnished the slaves with deadly poisons for thepurpose of destroying their owners.All the*e things have been enected, either by the unconstitutional legislation'of Free States, or by cooi- bhiaxitns Of individual*. T.'-oee facts prove that they ar«- not only in earnest and intent upon accompli*Jong their wicked pnrpo-es, but have done all that local legieLtion and individual efforts could effect.Knowing that their etlbrts could only be partially »ucc*««ful without the aid Oi the Federal Government, they for years have struggled to get control of the Legislative and Executive departments tbereol.- l.»cy have now succeeded, by. iwgc maj n.ies, in all the won slavehUdiag States, except *ew-Jer3ey, and per-ernment, as things are-^-especially with reference topunishment, although he was asked what had becomeRepublican; but \ on do not know—yon cannot imagine how my hetn-t "blccda, to see you"and your orthodox Pro-Slavery friends cooperating with "Garrison, and Phillips, and Smith, to verify their prophetical prog- nostications. My dear frieild Chesnut hob-nobbing with Garrison, and Phillips, and Smith, to abolish Slavery in South Carolina I Tell it not in Bath: pub- lish it not in the streets of Boston..Untitled Documentdepartments of the Government, with the purse and .to your Excellency and to the State.'na, U. S. Senator. •power, and population of this State ia concerned, sh«"Hear me profess sincerely. Had I a.dozen sons— decide it for her. She may, and should, consult with each in my love alike, and none less dear than thine,other slaveholding States to secure concert of action, but still-she must decide the question for herselfj and co&perate afterward. .•and my good MarciuS—I had rather have eleven dienobly for their country than one voluptuously surfeit • out of action." A CAROLINA MOTHER.The contemplated Convention will not be the place for the timid or the rash. It should be composed of men of wisdom and experience—-men who have the capacity to determine what the honor of the State and the security of her people demand; and patriotism and moral courage sufficient to carry out the dictates of their honest judgments.A CHANCE FOR THE OLD MEN.A Southerner, who is willing to do the heavy staying at home during the coming campaign, publishes theragging, and not by'reason; and, by her refractory courses, she has brought dishonor upon the good name Ori/lie Whole country.Friend Chesnut, I liave read your stirring speech at Charleston with uncommon gusto. It is truly charac- teristic. The aentiment8 are Carolinian, and full of grit—such asnaturally sprout up in the dry and driving sands which compose your soil. It will do good, de- pend upon it. Do you remember what Pope saysabout " Vice," dec. So your speech " needs but to be seen" to have the same excellent effect.But niy dear1 friend have you ever read a treatise on constitutional law, and especially on the law of " se- cession," published in 1830, by one Andrew Jackson, L. L. D. Is it possible you have not read it? Thenus how he intends to act. He nas been elected in a constitutional manner, and will be inaugurated., And the impression seems to be general among the Whigs that he will be an eminently conservative President, such an one as we have not had since the days of J. Q. Adams. We are Southern men, "native and to the manner born." W e love the South, but do not believe that this is inconsistent with a stronger love for the whole country. We oppose in toto the dogma that " love for the whole country should be.subordinate to that for the State in which' we happen to live,'** we are not willing that the impression should go forth that we are vassals of South Carolina, or any other cotton State. Nor are we willing to form any part of a Southern confederacv. . 'What will tie intelligent and patriotic people of of hostile preparation are resounding through city andAlabama do in the inpendmg crisis ? Judging of the country. Pugnacious and belligerent, men are armingfuture by the past, I believe they will prove them- and drilling for the field, and amid all this clamor "theselves equal to the present, or any future emergency, still small voice" of gentlewoman and helpless infancyand never will consent to affiliate with, or submit to is scarcely heard in its appeal to. us for.protection.'"~<:mbe governed by a party who entertain the most deadlyhostility {toward them and their institution of Shivery. "body guard" around our homes,, our wives, ourShall we go off to fight the Abolitionists, and, leave no They are loyal and true to the Unionj but never will daughters, sisters, and mothers? No! I, therefore,the South will can rule."live in aU u i w under » •BlackRepubli-claims: that is' right; that is, if anybody is to be ;cheated, it should be those merchants who have beendriving a heavy trade in packing up their principles along with iheir, dry goods. But you, ulfeo, refuse to receive Northern manufactures; right again. Go at it yourtchoa. l o u r houudle&a dese'Ub of &iud. ell'er therevoked the exequatur of the French Minuter, Genet, for granting commissions to privateers f'itted out' at Charleston."It i» an important fact that wMng <>"r ^second war with Great Britain a large porwottof the South Caro-j liua cotton crops found its way fo the Ku^h^ki unum•r?y::L-'LJ•22^5^ •--•-;following card in a Mobile paper:.•-••VifBwand some resolutions annexed, L. T. Tichenor, the Secretary, writeB thus: f:Star.TO STRENGTHEN THE UNION WAS THE LEADING OB-lwftboxity. The Con»tituti"n does not seem to have both branches of Congress. It will then be in their " Should the exigencies of the State demand the JECT OK CONGRESS IN RECOMMENDING, THE CON- sistance by the officers of the law.contemplated the rise of sucb a question, and from power to change the complexion of the Supreme Court services of any or all the members of the Convention,.this vervr fcct a show of propriety may be made in deciding agi.inst the right of secession, though manifest expediency may on •the other hand be token as sujedor to any right resting only on inference, Here, then, enters expe-diency, which has to be made out in order to place the right on any'solid foundation; and no Union man need.-jgnnn bis part in the debate, for having nothing more ' to do than to show the inexpediency of secession, he cannot but have an easy triumph. Bnt who sliall judge of the expediency f We answer, an. intelligentpeo; L>, as nearly unbia-ed as possible by hot-headed orators and reckless newspapers. And we have a cheerful confidence that when this question of expe- diency shall be submitted to tbe vennle, whether of gouih Carolina or Mississippi, t!ey will decide it as they did in 1851, notwithstanding the army of agitators has increased since that time both in "numbers and ability. For t h e people are practical thinkers, and-though they do not take the trouble to make war on metaphysics, th«-y are not apt to be carried away by logical abstractions. Like the old gentleman -who had two eggs uTon bis table, and ^giving oneT. LETTER TO A SOUTHRON.To the Honorable JAKKS It. CHBSNTJT, of Camden, South Caroli- float off into the ocean, and so far as the wealth,VENTION IN FRAMING, AND THE. PEOPLE IN so as to make it harmonize with Congress and the I doubt not you will find them •faithful to the pledge .ADOPTING THE ^RESENT- CONSTITUTION. /President. .When that party gets possession of all the they have so solemnly, and in the fear of Godr made To_the People of the Soi/th.-...»•is reverberating through the land, and the busy notesordain and establish this Constitution for the tfnited States of America." °It was ujinecessary to repeat in the Constitution that the Union should be'perpetual, because on its face, it purports to be of unlimited duration, and contains within itself the means of perpetuating its own exist- ence. The ratifications of all the States were uncondi- tional; and in the language • of Mr. Madison, bound them "forever."consent to remain degraded and dishonored members in.the name of the Ladies, and by the authority of Fe-of it. .•••••) : male Sovereignty, issue this my first PROCLAMATION, " perpetual Union" established by the Articles of Con-Very respectfully, your obedient serrnnt,A. B. MOORE.To J. A. Elmore, and othera—Committee, Montgomery, Ala. . mEXTRACTS FROM PRIVATE LETTERS.calling upon all gallant men to come forward and enroll fedeiation, but when she came in under the Constitu- let me recommend.it to your earnest perusal. It isThe Union in which-we live, the Constitution framed by our fathers, are well enough for us.*&#-' ..'•WW;' «S"fi ?&I> : - ^ | ^ f , K ^ ^ P ^ | ! ^ S &••»588*M^NEW-YORR DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER Bft I860.In our first numher we have shown that the States composing the Federal Union from 1778 to 1789, had solemnly plighted their faith to each other in the Arti- cles of Confederation that the Wnion should be " per-It will he excluded from the Territories, and other nent and leading minister of the Baptist denomination, of the United States until .1789,when they were merged and brimstone, and tar and feathers—indeed, that w:o j be hasty. Drink a glass of cool lemonade: and then Free States will in hot haste be admitted into the new.a Professor in the South Carolina College- The in our present Constitution. . were about to retaliate upon the Palmetto State all the look the business square in the face, and count the Union, until they have a majority sufficient to alter view it presents is no less striking than true, and will We will now show that the ohject of the change was insults, and injuries, and abuse and wrongs which we > eost. If you do not like to bother yo-nr head with the Constitution. Then Slavery will be abolished by address itself to the hearts /and understandings of a not to relieve the States from their perpetual obliga- have endured from her for the last fifteen years. On j nan.bers, get some one else to do it. If white folk* law in the States, and the ^irrepressible conflict" will great and influential class of readers. The fervid en- tion} or in any way to weaken the Federal Union, but wont study numbers.and connt the cost, get a coloredthe sword, he must be blind indeed who does not see that Slavery will be abolished in.the District of Co- lumbia, in the dock yards and arsenals, and wherever the Federal Government has jurisdiction.Front The Charleston Mercury of the nth.LETTER FROM A BArTIST CLERGYMAN.MY VALtJKn F R I E N D : What is all this fuss about in j would hardly be mused.g Ask Gov. *ang what- ha thinks^of I^ong Island setting up on herotyn account.your State ? One would think that the North was go- j Magnificent little kingdom 1end; for we are notified that it shall never cease, until " the foot of a slave shall cease to press the soil of the United. States." The state of Societvthat must exist in the Southern States, with four millions of free ne- groes and their increase, turned loose upon thenij Iwill not discuss—it is too horrible to contemplate.I have onlv noticed such of the acts of the Black Republican party as I deemed necessary to show that they are in earnest, and determined to carry out their publicly avowed intentiomj—and to show, that their success has been such as should not fail to create thethusiasm that animates our people flndsa beautiful ex- to give it greater strength and furnish it with means to the contrary, all here iH as placid as a Summer lake, j •person to do it. I don't mean an African, bat one o€ emplification in this letter, and it will not diminish an peipetuate itself hy relieving .it •froni dependence on The people know very little of what is. going on in | that class whose beautiful complexion betrays the com-earnestness and devotion to owr cause to feel arid be- lieve that it has the sanction of religion as well as of patriotism: ,COLUMBIA, S. C, Nov. 14,1860.the States for the execution of its actR.By the Articles of Confederation, Congress hadpower to determine the amount of revenue necessarySouth Carolina, and care lvaa. • i minicrlcd tint of cornelian and ebony. I am told thereare "thousands of this class among you who know theOur boys here have been in the habit, on gala ! multiplication table; get one of them to do the hardsident, Under these provisions of the Constitution, A gentleman writes thus from Savannah, Ga., under immediately. EIGHTY-SIX ABLE-BODIED MEN, be- ing onus and the people of Vermont forever." Yet, terest and advantage by the fathers of the secessionists recede before the firm, steady and unyielding devotion<iht, people of the several Suues vote for electors, and these electors vote for President. It is clear to my mind that a candidate for the Presidency cannot consti- tutionally be elected until a majority of the electors have cast their votes for bim.My proclamation will not, therefore, be issued until that vote is cast on the fifth day of December next. Idate of the 15th inst.: tween the ages of 45 and 60, to be organized as a I hear to-day that there is good reason to believe " Home Guard" for the protection of the Ladies.that if B. R. Hill, one of the prominent men in the Issued from Headquarters, under the Battle House, Union party, takes the stump in favor of the Union, St. Francis street, Mobile, Abu W. L. DYSON. \who at that day supposed it was more binding on the in South Carolina, and a great omission it .was that to the Union and the Constitution of those worthy sons people,of Vermont than it wa« on the people of South they did hot ordain it a school book for the benefit of of worthy sires.the Hon. H. Cobb will resign Ms position in tie Cabi- net and stump the State on the other. side of the ques- tion. Yesterday one of our volunteer companies badTHE KEY TO THE TROUBLE.Carolina. their hot-blooded offspring. :>."_.•'<•It thus appears that Congress,the State Legislatures, But are you certain that 10,000 men will do up thethe Philadelphia Convention, and the people of the work? We have no intention of fighting you; but if States in exchanging the Articles of Confederation for you come up and fight us, that is another matter ; then, North of South Carolina there will be 'no general feeling upon this subject. All beiug determined to await patiently for Lincoln's acts, before condemning bim, and equally resolved to stand by bim," as he stands by the Constitution.The State of Vermont was not a member of thethemselves as the " H O M E GUARD," whose duty.it tion she expressly recognized its perpetual obligation.shall be to protect the women and children while the By her Convention she declared that on her admissionwar is raging abroad, and everybody else has shoul- into the Union by Congress, the Constitution of the you are not familiar with its. contents, I have heard ern borders, but true to the principTes handed down dered his musket and gone to it. I therefore want, United States should (in their own words) "'be bind- that no work on law, was ever read with so much in- from patriotic sires, those waves will be compelled toThe Auburn Advertiser has received tho following our present Constitution, intended to give additional it is quite possible that an army of over 10,000 may! regret that this delay roust occur, as the circumstances the United States flag flying from their flagstaff with letter from Washington, which it thinks may contain strength and security to the Union. Yet, if the doc- bo needed. . " Count Maryland and Virginia as two of those Statesthe Union down, and last night; at a meeting, they the key to tho present movements in the South: . .j trine of secession be sound, they did not understand Perhaps you rely upon the aid of Governor Wise, for passed a resolution that they would no longer carry WASHINGTON, Nov. 12, 1860. j " their own work, and exchanged a " perpetual Union" he, too, promises to raise and equip 10,000 men for a the United States flag, but that of the State of Georgia. DEAR SIR: I perceive from the New-York City for one which any discontented State may break up at Northern expedition. Nay, with this puissant force, heThere has been for the bast two or three days rather papers that the people' of that exposed metropolis are pleasure! ...'.•••'; / ••..]'.'• promises to overrun the Free States, conquer Canada,over which Lincoln will be inaugurated as President on the 4th of March next. A VIRGIKIAN.' which surround us make prompt and decided action - necessary. There can be no doubt that a large majori- ty of the electoral vote will be given to Mr. Lincoln, ' a n d i n view of the certainty of his election, I have de-The day for the election of delegates has been desig- will be some unpleasant consequences arising from not after they shall have got an extension of the time for BRUTALTREATMENTOFAGEORGIAN. all the feats he promises, even with the gallant chiv- nated in advance oi the issuance of the proclamation, knowing just how to managethe instrument. New- the payment, of their large New-York indebtedness, From The Boston Transcript, 19/A. alry of Virginia, without the aid of the horned andBaltimore, Nov. 16,1860.SOUTH CAROLINA A>TD T H ETo the Editor of The N. V. Tribune.UNION.an increase of excitement, and almost every one is very much concerned about the action of the Legislar In another article, I sliall endeavor to show that theand even shake the fast anchored islewith his thunder. If we had not had a foretaste of his prowess in the Os-teimined to issue my proclamation immediately afterthat vote is cast. I snail appoint Monday, the 24th ready for immediate secession. The retaliatory meas- tures of South Carolina and Georjjia. •; Being somer men Of that day did not fail in their object, but in factday of December next, for the election of delegates to ures are regarded very favorably, and seemed to be what familiar with the habits of the Southern people,. added strength and stability to the preexisting awatomie war, .we might hope? as it is, we do tremble the Convention. The Convention willmeet on Mon- looked upon as a sort of thumb screw that will,soon set and with their peaariiary as well as their political con- Union. AMOS KENDALL. a good deal in anticipation of his formidable irruption* day, the 7tb day of January next. the North to howling. 1 fear that if it is tried there dition atpresent. I think I am able to assure you that, We, however, hardly believe that he can accomplishSIR: Has South Cundina ever been loyal, to the Union? The question is an interesting, one at this moment. i ;•Her course, so happily arrested and defeated by President Jackson, has of late been so thoroughly com- mented upon as to make further allusion to it unneces- sary.iu order that the minds of the people may at once be Jersey, not being named among the tabooed States,directed to the subject, and that the several counties would relish such a state of affairs amazingly. It is year. rived at, this port this morning, having on board a full his own account: still, in our distress, we remember may have ample time to select .candidates to represent altogether probable that many would possess sufficient The fact is that the drouth, during the past season, frjMbt of cotton, amounting to some 1,400 bales. Mr. that even he got worsted.them. Each voter of the State should immediately elasticity of conscience to palm of goods of Eastern in the' South, has so shortened their crops, the cotton RiSero and family also came in the steamer. The' But, friend Chesnut, you have doubtless read theconsider the importance of the vote he is to cast. manufacture as being of genuine New-Jersey make.Constitutional rights, personal security, and the*honor ' mof the State are all involved. He must decide, on the'24th December, the great and vital question of sub- THE SOUTHERN BAPTISTS FOR SECESSION. they have exhausted their credit there already. You It appears, that Mr. Ribero, who is a carpenter by South Carolina 10.000, a»d Gen. Toombs's 10,000, andmission to an Abolition Administration, or of Seces- The Baptist State Convention of Alabama was re- may be surprised when I tell you that nearly one-half .trade, was engaged in building a bridge across the Gov. Wise's 10,000, all come down upon us, the conse- thus notices the conduct of the Carolinians at thatsion from the Union. This will be a grave and mo- cently held at Tuskegee, in that State. The last act of Of the negroes in South Carolina, Georgia, and Alar SMddaway River, about ten miles from Savannah. On quence, will be awful; the glory of that retreat of the memorable period:-mentons issue for the decision of the people. .To de- the Convention was the unanimous passing of the fol- bama, ancTmany in Mississippi, are mortgaged to Bos- Thursday of last week, he received hisSavannah papers 10,000 Greeks, will be squelched out, eclipsed, .and _"There were occasions when the royal generals ob- cideitcorrectly,theyshouldunderstandthefactsand ton,New-York,andPhiladelphia, j.'*'.'•- " ••*•• •asusual. Thenegroes,ofwhomtherewereeightin,/utterlyforgottenj.inthemorenimbleretirement,of tainedtwelveorfifteenhundredrecruitsamongthecircumstances of the case before them. It may not be lowing paper: If you can tell me how long it will take those.per- his employ, collected about him to hear the news. He the 10,000.under the solemn Toombs, the discreet Wise, inhabitants, merely by issuing a call upon them to stand •improper or unprofitable for me to recite a few of The members of the Baptist. State Convention^ of sons to get an extension, you will be able to tell very merely said that the papers were full of politics. One and the puissant Carolina chief. • ' to their allegiance; and all who calmly examine the them. Alabama, though assembled for diflerent purposes, find nearly how long the disunion panic will continue. 1 of the negroes remarked, "Then Lincolu is elected, I have heard it said that you have 400,000 head of events which led to Gen. Lincoln's surrender of Who is Mr. Lincoln, whose election is now beyond ourselves together at a moment when issues of the. should think some of your friends might he sharp and we arc to be freed;" to which Ribero responded bimahous cattie, which, a few months ago, were worth Charleston must be satisfied that the inhabitants ofthey will be very willing, to stay in the Union anotherThe steamer Joseph Whitney, Capt. Loveland, ar- cloven-footed fellow, who once carried on alike war onDuring the Revolution, her course was so erratic and suspicious that she could not be counted upon by either not,get relief at their own banks for the reason that haidsllp. remember, has been famous, in all time. But if/ your party. The•North American Review of October, 1844,crop particularly, that Southern planters and deulers story of his expatriation from Georgia, where he had .Greek classics, and among the rest Xenophan. His are unable to meet their New-York paper. They can- long resided, as told by himself, is one of. extreme recount of the wonderful retreat of the 10,000, you willfreighf 180 cases of Sbarps's Patent Carbines, contain-ing ten pieces each, amounting to arms for 1,800 men,and 40 cases of conical balls, containing each 1,000 bul- volvers and bowie-knives,'met to try Mr. Ribero for quarter of ypur Slavery, who knows but the execution1 pal officers declined signing the "Articlesof Associa- lets. These are ordered by the State of Georgia, to be bib offense, i They impanneled a Jury of thirteen men of the threat will do up the job entire?, Itwith similar declarations. Are they in earnest ? Let not exclude the profound conviction, based on a longtheir past acta speak for them. and unquestionable series of facts, that the union of delivered at Suviuinah. and are only the first (shipment for the purpose, although some were for shooting him, has always been preached up by the Garriso-tion" when offered to them by the General Committoo of Revolutionists, viz., her Chief Justice and his four assistants, the Attorney-General, several of the Coun- cil, the Deputy Postmaster-General, the Governor of Fort Johnson, the Chief Surgeon, Controller of. Cus- toms, 6tc. . .Lieut.-Gov. Irvine and . sixty-four other prominent citizeiib were proscribed by the General Assemhlyv(see Confiscation act, vol. 4, page 516); also forty-one oth- ers, who congratulated Sir Henry Clinton on the fall of Charleston. (For tho words of the address, see "Moul- trie's Memoirs.") Twenty-five others also were pro- scribed who Berved as volunteers in the Royal militia, ten who congratulated Earl Cornwallis, and thirteen who avowed their allegiance to his Britannic Majesty, and manifested themselves inveterate enemies to the State—among them the, traitor John Joachim Zuhly, a member of the Committee of Safety, ai»d of the Pro- visional and Continental Congresses; and also eighty- four others, who held commissions under the Royal Government.President Washington issued a proclamation forbid- ding the fitting out of privateers <n our ports against the commerce of Great • Britain, with whom we wereof an exteiihive order.| .''.-.THE MODERN MARSELLAISE.The Cooper Opera Troupe, singing in Columbia, S.our peculiar property recognized by the Constitution— C., introduced the following Hymn, which Miss Annie of.tire eight slaves he had to work for him. He said,we can no longer hope for justice,,protection or safety. W e have supposed ourselves entitled to equality of rights, as citizens of this Republic. W e are not willing to surrender them—even at the risk of Hie and all we hold most dear. •• „ , . . . . -While, as yet, no particular mode of relief is before us on which to express an opinion, we are constrained, . efore eeparating to our several homes, to declare tonr brethren and fellow-citizens, before mankind and efore our God, that we hold ourselves subject to the all of proper authority in defense of the sovereignty tfnd independence of the State of Alabama,-and of her ight, as a sovereignty, to withdraw from this Union, and to make any arrangement which her people, in cor.stitrtional assemblies, may deem best, for securingrl.eir rights. And in this declaration we heartily', dc- iberalriy, unanimously, and solemnly UNXTK.The tiovthcrn Baptist says:" The document was presented to the Conventionby the Rev. B.JHanly, 1). I)., and seconded by the Rev. W. Yi Chilton. After the paper was read, a few remarks were made, and prayer was offered, all rose from their knees and voted nnanimously, members of the Convention, the congregation, women as well as men. Northern fanatics will see ere long whetherMiLner was to sing, " waving the flag of the Lone Star as a compliment to South Carolina":—that they were now employed, but that two had ab- sented themselves, but where they had gone he was not aware. ',..'•'•But were you not a little hasty in resigning your Territorial honors ? Only think of $3,000 a year, be-.To urmu! to arms 1 flee.YO'HODB of the South, awuko to glory!Hurk! hark! what thousand)) bid you riHa!Your children, wives, and granduirou hoary, .. Prevent their t«ari) and savo thoir ori«B! .Shall hateful tyrantH, mittchiefa breeding, T/ith uectional hosts, a ruffian band, Affright and desolate our landWhile peace and liberty He bleeding? To anus! to anna! ye brave I' Th' avenging sword unoheath!,. March on! march on! all hearU reaolvedOn victory or death! .Now, now the dangerous storm is rolling, Which treuchorous moil confederate raise,The dogH of faction loose, are howling— And lo! our homes would noon invade.And shall we basely view the ruin,While lawless Force, with guilty stride, Spreads desolation far and wide, ' •• 'With crimes uud blood hln hands imbruing? To arms! to urmu! flic.When thus interrogated, Mr. Ribero was engagedin his occupation. In a sliort time the verdict of thejury was communicated to him, the decibion being thatlie should receive thirty-nine lashes, have one side ofhis hair and whiskers cut close, ana be sent to Boston.'Two negroes were employed to dp the whipping. t-ide pickings and stealings! But, friend Chesnut, we Mr. Ribero thinks they did not give the full number oflashes to which he was sentenced, as the whippingstopped when tho blood began to gush from IUB back.Ilia 1iair underwent the cutting that hud been de-creed. ,'.•„'•Oh, Liberty! can man resign thee, . Once having felt thy gouerous flame?Can dwngeous, bolts, and bars couflue thee,Or threats thy nollle spirit tame 1Too long the South.has borne, bewailing.That falsehood's dagger Northerns wield—But Kmedoui is our sword and shield. Ai»d all their arts aro unavailing...'•...ave been in danger, lie, however, in the moan while, hawnw enabled to join company with bin wife and two children, and they accompanied him to this city.Mr. Rjbero could not outain hia tools,,and hia family were obliged to leave Savannah, with little prepara- tion for abandoning.their home; They are lit aubjoeta' of discriminatingxhaiity, Mr. Ribero had lived luauyI . see that your < merchants refuse to pay Northern at peace, it being contrary to tbe law of nations, andThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York13069www.fultonhistory.com' iiiiiiiiMHIiii—The victim of this barbarous treatment was then placed in a carriage and carried to Savannah, and put immediately on board the steamer, without opportunity to communicate with any of hia friends. Tkw-waa on Tuesday. The next day permisbion came for bim toare sorry for you. When we think of poor South Caro- lina, our oves water; they become encrusted with salt. Poor Soutli Carolina, poor iu population, poor in poverty, poor in reputation, and poorest of all in statesmanship. Why, iu 1833, the great men of South Carolina gave dignity even to treason. But Calhoun it gone, and Haynois gouo—and Chesnut is left 1 You are not to blame for it; a Higher Power has taken away Calhoun and Hayne, mid left Chesnut. Pity 'tis, 'tis so; but, I say again, you ought not to be blamed forit.goon shore, but he declined to do so, as his life wouldyeare in Savannflk, and it is probable that he would : most captivating indncetmnUto he raised for the service of the United States,.and days, of marching aboutlife sweets with cockades in ! work. I know it is vulgar for gentlemen to connt costI am glad to find a coincidence of opinion between, apportion it among the States'; but whether the neces- their hats; but it is an amusement I did not know men \ at all; bnt do it this once? 3,000 is not much forus. Like you, I had clung to ou^Union as associated sary taxes should De levied or duties imposed and'col- resorted to until I saw the account from your State. A j you; but there are hundreds of Palmetto scions who arewith the blood and sufferings of our grandfathers. It lected depended on the State authorities. The conse- not as able as you are to lose their places and their pay.was endeared by the reminiscences of the past, and quence was that not long after the close of the revolu- few men parading the street with blue cockades must j And then there will be an army and a navy, the civBem States. Now, in view of the past and our pros-pects for the future, what ought we to. do ? What dowisdom and prudence dictate ? What do honor and our blood and our ancestral traditions if we were to fuctions then entrusted to them. It therefore becamesafety require at our hand ?I know that the answer that I shall give to thesesubmit to Black Republican rule. I am for immediate necessary that the United States should have power to secession. My profession interdicts the use of arms, levy taxes and duties, and collect them with the aid or and I have no son old enough to offer to the Common- interposition of the States. This required that the wealth,but all that I have is at her . command. The United^ States should have independent legislative,j friend Chesnut, let me entreat you this once, and count the cost; and when you get a satisfactory result, de mak<i a »ote of it, and just drop me a line.Yonra without " «>ce<*ton.^ 43" N. LATITUDE. VIRGINIA AND MARYLAND.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.SIR: I perceive that many reports are rife in your section, to the effect that Virginia and Maryland are disposed to follow in the wake of South Carolina, m ber treasonable attitude toward the general Govern- ment.As you are intimately acquainted in both States, and, as I believe, thoroughly conversant with the stat» of public feeling among the masses, I desire to'assure yoa. that there is not a shadow of ground for Bach reports.The majority of voters in this immediate section were opposed to the election of Mr. Lincoln, it is true; but I hesitate not to say, that ninety-nine out of every hun- dred Bell men in this State and Virginia preferred the election of Lincoln to Breckinridge, and aro determined that, having been elected, he shall be, inaugu- rated. As between the principles of the Re- publican party and those of the secession.wing of the Democratic, no Bell man here is dis- posed toinattitute a comparison. The former, embody- mg as they do those for which the old Whigs have everbattled, naturally appeal to their support, though they were not inclined to advocate, in the last canvass, that particular clause in the Republican Platform which had reference to Slavery. And yet their oppo- sition arose not. so much from a conviction that that - particular clause would bring evil upon the South, as that the election of Bell would tend more certainly to allay this whole excitement upon the subject of Slavery. And many, are now convinced that they were in error, boldly avowing their opinions that Mr. Lincoln will administer the government upon such, wise and patriotic principles as to commend him to the support of patriots everywhere.I have not seen the first Bell man, or rather Whig; who does not ridicule and treat with contempt the threats of Breckinridge men to dissolve the Union be- cause the people have decided that they are unfit to be entrusted with the administration of the Government.For after all, this is the whole secret. Were there' no incumbents to be ousted, no needy adherents to their party to be maintained and no offices to be filled^/ there would be no talk of disunion.They seem to think that they have a life interest in the offices under the Federal Government and shouldbe allowed to bequeath them, and they are exceeding-ly reluctant to indulge any other idea. Weoxe some- what disposed to question such assumption of right, and have so little concern at the fate of these said officialsas not to care when they go, though we sometimes 4a- dulge the hope that seeing ultimately the error of their way, they may resolve to make honest men of theni^ selves, and in some honest and legitimate business-''eji*<M- deavor at least to regain some portion of that gboi character which it is to be hoped they enjoyed previ- ous to their connection with the Democratic party. 'Secession is a humbug, so far as this State and Vir- ginia are concerned. W e don't care one cent about*j ernors, and ambitions stumpers generally, whether.of conscious of the correctness of my conclusions, and of sublimity of this great struggle kindles my imagina- executive and iudicial powers, together with the meansh e r independent condition by the general Government,It docs not'seem that it would be any cause why stocks . should fall and everybody clutch for gold. The seces- sion of a State or two, the dominant feeling being • against coercion, where is the ground to expect a con-flict ? South Carolina would only be let aloue severe- ly, and so also Mississippi, or Alabama. And In a year or so, the people might throw off the trouble ana ex-• pense of a separate government by, restoring theirseveral States to the bosom of the old Confederacy.This, we say,might be the case, taking the most, favor-able view,of a ^doubtful question; but the possibilityo r probability of such a finale to actual secession takesnothing from the profound repugnance which all shouldShould Alabama secede from the Union, as I thiuk to God, and patriotism is sublimated into religion! Ifeel toward a fracture of our nationality. We might such as are necessary to carry those powers into exe-• escape ruin, but this is no reason why prudent people should unnecessarily make a dangerous experiment.• m '•STATE PAPERS.Gov. Moore of Alabama WMS inquired of by citizensOf the State concerning his-views as to the time when h e is authorized to issue his proclamation for the call of that Convention, whether npon the election of Electors l>y the peoples of the several States, or when those Electors cast their votes for President; and also, if con-. sistent with, his ideas of public duty, that he would inform them when that proclamation would be issued, and upon what day he would order the election for the. Delegates to that Convention. He replied as follows: EXECUTIVE DEP ARTMENT, > MONTGOMERY, Ala., Nov. 14, 1860. \the protection, and not for the destruction or injury of cury of the 17th,'" with deep feeling. The presenta- Constitutional rights. A Sovereign State has a right. tion was wholly unexpected to him. He said that heto judge of the wrongs or injuries that may be done could not be insensible to the kindly sentiments which -her, and to determine upon the . mode and measure ofsignated the objects in view.Virginia stated the object to be, " devising and dis-" cussing such. alterations and further provisions as " mightXe necessary to render the Federal Constitu- t i o n adequate to the exigencies'of the Union." .North Carolina stated the object to. be " to discuss " and decide upon the'most effectual means to remove " t h e defects of the Federal Union, and to procure the " enlarged .purposes which it was intended to effect."South Carolina stated the object to be "devising "and'discussing all'such alterations, clauses, articles,the purity of my motives, I will not shrink from re- sponsibilities in tne emergency which now presents it- self. It would be criminal" in those entrusted with Stat* sovereignty" not to speak out and warn the people of the encroachments that have been made, and are about to be made upon them, with tke consequences that must follow.tion, and raises my heart. It is not simply a of executing their acts and decisions. To such a pass contest between different form's "of- civil polity had the neglect or. misconduct of some of the States or of civilization. It is the conflict between brought the affairs of the United States that there was Divine revelation .and human . reason—be- imminent danger of a dissolution of the Union from tween the Providence of God and the devices of mam- the elegnr* or inelegant school.-. The haste and pre- "cipiration with which the tendency to secession is pushed foxVard by the agitators, are very satisfactory evidences that there is but little confidence on their • part, of the permanency of the secession sentimentamong the people. The admirable wisdom of the plan on which our institutions rest cannot be more striking- lv shown than by the difficulty that now embarrasses the radicals in their wishes to overthrow the Gov- ernment.They may plot and plan, but the execution at last depends upon a verdict of the |>eople. To this they must appeal, and this they mast have, or their time and bv• 2K>r are all lost, and they may think themselves fortu-nate if they just escape making themselves ridiculous.B n t if a State should, in fact, secede, and. in accordancewitb the ruling sentiment now apparent throughoutthe country against coercion, remain undisturbed in States!—a party whose constitutional rights we have assumes the grandeur of a divine mission. We are thethe want of self-sustaining powers. • -The history of the United States for some years after the close of the Revolutionary war i» replete with dif-'deplore the necessity for coniing to such a conclusion.It has been forced upon me, and those who agree withme, by a wicked and perverse party, fatally hent uponthe destruction of an institution vital to the Southern this view, the straggle upon which we have enteredshe ought, the responsibility, in theeyes of all just men,. will not rest upon her, but.upon those who have driven her in self-defense, to assume that position.Has Alabama the right peacefully to withdraw fromthe Union, without subjecting herself to any rightfulauthority of the Federal Government to coerce her intothe Union ? Of her right to do so I have no doubt.feel that God is w k h us.She is a Sovereign State, and retains every right and Charleston, S. C , closed on Friday. The Attorney-power not delegated to the Federal Government in the General, on behalf of the bar, presented to Chancellorwritten Constitution. That Government has no powers Can-oil a testimonial of their, gratitude, for the courteous except such as are delegated in the Constitution, or manner in which he had conducted his first term.redress. The Black Republican party has for years had prompted it. That it was a source of unalloyedcontinued to make aggressions upon the slaveholdingStates, under the forms of law, and in every mannerthat fanaticism cowld devise, and have n«w gained astrength and position which threaten not only the de-struction of the institution of Slavery, but must degradesatisfaction to him that, amid the circumstances of mo- mentous interest which were transpiring in the com- munity, the business of the Court had been conducted with so much regularity, and so agreeably to all con-and ruin the slaveholding States, if not resisted. May cerned. He expressed the earnest hope that when theyOur institutions are scriptural, sanctioned by the prac-tice of patriarchs and prophets, and the precepts or theIn full view, and I trust a just appreciation of all my Savior. The fanaticism that assails lie is the product Acuities growing out of weak and unstable govern-' This is moderate indeed; for if you ~a—re determinedobligations and respopsibilities, officially and personal- of infidelity, of rebellion against God, that presumes to ly, to my God, my btate, and the Federal Government. be wiser than the Scriptures, and'would' substitute itsI solemnly declare it to be my opinion that the only disorganizing doguias of liberty and equality forjthehope of future security, for Alabama and the other conservative teachings of the New Testament. We slaveholding States, is in secession from the Union. I Southern ministers are the only preachers who pro-never disturbed, and who should be our friends; yet champions oi God's truth, and he who falls in the con-they hate us without a cause. test will fall a " blessed martyr.',' ,How fortunate isit that our duty to our country coincides with our dutyment, and with expedients proposed by the.statesmen Of that day to put an end to them. Finally, the. minds X>fall intelligent and patriotic mon settled down in. the conviction that an effectual remedy was to he found only in a thorough revision of the Federal Constitu- tion, and the delegation to the United States of suffi- cient powers to enable them to command respect at home and abroad, and especially to preserve the Fed- eral Union. This conviction found expression in a res- olution of CongresH, adopted Feb. 24,1787, in the fol-lowing words, viz: ' /" liittotved. That in tho opinion of Congress, it is expedient, that on the second Monday in May next, a Convention of Dele- gates who shall have been appointed by the several States, be hold at Philadelphia, for the sole and express purpoleof revising, the Articles of Confederation, and reporting to Congrons and the several Legislatures,-such alterations, and provisions therein, as shall, when agreed to in Congress, and confirmed by tho States, rende^the Federal Constitution adequate to the exigences of Government, and the preservation of tfie Union."There was already, by compact, a " perpetual Union;" and this perpetual Union it was the avowed object of Congress to; preserve, by a revision of the "Federal Constitution. ' South Carolina was present by her delegates, and doubtless voted for the resolu- tion.The several States concurred in this recommendation, cution. The Federal Government was established for ."The Chancellor replied," says The Charleston Mer- and, in appointing their delegates, recognized and de-Upon an internecine war, all that will be needed to take care of your two-fisted; cattle, aye, and many more as 400,000 of a hostile race, strong, determined, and having no restraint of conscience, when roused, must be a formidable element .in your society of a smaller number. You propose to raise $1,000,000 to carry out your plans; offer, just now, your State bonds to your -sympathizing Union-lovers in Wall street. Perhaps you can sell them. If you should I will thank you to send me a note of it, and.tell me how much pre- mium is paid for them. Perhaps, tnough, you expect to sell them to your own non-paying banks. If so, I recommend that you employ Mr. J. Quincy, jr., to draw up a short account of the Continental currency for circulation in your State. After all you may need more than a single million. It costs us $S0,000;000 per: annum to carry on our Government in time of peace. I am afraid your resigning Federal officers will nardly be content with their pick at $1,000,000. No, we at the North'understand these things better, and we must advise you to add thirty or forty millions to your first levy. I would not be faithless, nor undervalue the ca- pacity of your plucky little State; but it is not possible, barely possible, that your revenues may fail? A tax of $5*0 or. $60 on each slave would bear hard upon that species of property; and then, as to revenue from im- ports,, a revenue cutter or two—I admit it would not ne cordially friendly in the Black Republicans—but a revenue cutter or two in the offing of Charleston would have an ugly aspect, and then the first drop of blood shed by'the Black Republicans would set all cot- tondom on fire. Why, my friend, we don't shed blood; we leave all the pleasurable sport of hanging and burn- ing with you. Lincolu is a peaceable irian,.and (though I say. it privately, I am not in his confidence,) I ven- ture the opinion that starving you out would be the worst, and certainly the easiest and most natural re- source. If you don't want Judges, and Marshals, and Postmasters, and imports, why,, we can't and won't force them upon you.But I see that Toombs threatens to levy '10,000 sol- diers in Georgia and march North, and when he again crosses Mason and Dixon's line it will be, he says, with a sword in his hand. His enmity is against the Constitution, for letting, old Abe Lincoln be elected. He may juat as well, then, tear out the leaves of an old statute book and make them the target, at home, for his soldiers to shoot at, and so avenge bimself upon the Constitution. Or, it may be he means to fight down public sentiment; for that, however, blank cartridges would do his work as thoroughly as leaden balls, but if he marches upon Washington and attempts to exe- cute his treasonable projects, he and his ten thousand will find it cannot be done without the friendly aid of more " tombs" than one.After the 4th of March next we shall not be governedby the Democracy, and ahall make a. note of all bully-claim an unmutilated Bible. Northern ministers have suppressed or perverted its teachings, and dare not say, " Servants, be obedient to your own masters," &c. In'^ ..-.,',. 'mMINOR ITEMS.A JUDICIAL DICTUM. ,The Fall Term of the Court of-Chancery, sitting innot these States turn aside from the impending danger again met, it would be as the Court of an independent "and provisions as might be thought necessary to ren-without criminality ? If they have not this right', then Slate, and that State a member of a Southern Con- " der the Federal Constitution entirely adequate to thewe are the slaves' of our worst enemies. " The wise manforeseeth the evil, and turneth aside." A wise State should not do less.federacy."" actual situation and the future good government of " t h e confederated States."All the other States stated their object in similar lan- .guage—'all concurring in the project of giving ad- ditional power and strength to the " perpetual union"already m existence.The object of the Convention which framed theConstitution, in this respect, is shown in the letter signed by " George Washington, President," trans- mitting that-instrument, as framed by. them, to'the President ol* Congress. He says:" In all our deliberations on this subject we kept steadily in view that which appears to us the greatest interest of every true American, the consolidation of .our Union, in'which fa involved our prosperity, felicity, safety, perhaps our national existence."Thus we have distinctly avowed the leading object of Congress which recommended the. calling of'the Convention, and ef the Convention itself, after theyIf Alabama should withdraw from the Union, she To the Editor of The Charleston Mercury.would not be guilty of treason, even if a sovereign In your paper of yesterday you paid an eloquent, State could commit treason. The Constitution says: and, I would fain believe, a deserved tribute to the " Treason against the United States shall consist only patriotic devotion of women." in levying war against them, or in adhering to their At this period our sex at the South have grave du-GXNTLXMEN: I have received your letter of the l2tbInst., asking for my construction of J* the Joint Reso-lotions of our last Legislature, for the call of the Con-vention of the people of the State." Ton particularly " enemies, giving them aid and comfort." The Fed- ties to perform. We should animate our husbands and desire to know when I consider myself authorized to eral Government has the right to use its military our sons, and strengthen them for the great conflict issue my Proclamation for the call or that Convention. power " to execute the laws of the Union, suppress that is at hand, by every means in our power. Let us,/ "Whether upon the election of Electors by the people "insurrections, and repel invasions." If a State with- women of Carolina! prove that the same noble spirit of the several States, or when said Electors cast their draws from the Union, the Federal Government has. which incited the matrons and maidens of '76, is alive• votes for President." You also ask me to inform you, no power, under the Constitution, to use the military if consistent with my ideas of public duty, "when force against her, for there is no law to enforce the that Proclamation will be issued, and upon what day submission of a sovereign State, nor would such a you (I) will order the election for the Delegates to thatand glowing in the spirits of their descendants. I ammyself a widowed mother,-but I have said to my threesons, that if any one of them should be craven enoughto desert their State now, to temporize in her councils,or be backward if her honor calls them to the field—let him never look upon my face, again!. In the thril-ling words of Volumnia to the wife of Coriolanus,- had finished their work.A WOMAN'S WORD. ..Your State proposes to levy an army of 10,000 men.worthy of the closest study; for it was penned by a doctor ol the common, civil and canon law, and.thoughThe waves of fanaticism may roll against our South-The history of South Carolina shows that her princi-  '••l*~!*