 «•»"aautxKittaVV.»Ta*.VMM,MlIS**—•*•***•* AM"ILsaOinP,.ate. Ona,bracedbythePnacedaManba—naat«hic!i dnteaswere,thataannealymtabhaomeatahoaldbea*ewe the restoraStea, er aa eqttvaleflt for it, of all the private property of tbe royal famiiy rightly betoagtog to me which had been connaratcd to rraaos, dortag laa revolution, or to any way got Lata other bands It was a deeply paafni and harrovmg time, but at l*->ngtb Ily aJofffodo,L HtUMWO,Pkdad*-L *Fork; Uttavea; J«-IT»b torttd earta*rlee,L andrramble CentralBe o » M entirely :*b»raldad and aaaaaeaniMd, t»etnperseeed by Cnderena. indefatigable corps, bating been charged with the dotyMiss Cbariotte Crampton aad IDMSaaa Denin are an of preeertag parMmtorr eoncerntng Ms Cora and her Me Serrton depBtotioa Mat Me principala whan aa brother, tie Duke do Nemours, waa engage 1 babe arm ad too lata, laa ally hewing beea already la l*J8 ha had iBcantoa to dtottogatoh atowelf lavisit3; but ia a truly republican manner en.oyed sad re- dproeatdd the hospitality he everywhere encountered. Nuaierone pantos aad baito were given to hisrevelation which the Prince made to Mr. Williams of the mystery of bis birth, all which eancerns the pretended persoBsge'of Lone XVII, to from one en1 to the otber avuBUl further notice.CtSTKIL P A H 0 1 I WIXOT 81.VDIV.Itotdlea im Dlatreaa— Gallantry a f Geatto- doa't know.toagtoaa.Among Me laieat publtoahoni to stogamd to aaa 1 •'Shakespeare's Medical Knowledge," by aRe.-»f»ed, That we welcome to tha city tba distinguish- (to aahas of N'apoieoa to a common aepukare in too ed etrsai.cr the Prtzce de Joinvitie, and tender to turni n s betorePBISBNT VISIT. intimated, t h e Princeg But she waa going to aea on Suordaylag port without a clearance9 A. I don't know that.Q VIbat is the number of her ciew- A. She baa tea men before the masLtoy* of the ooaaa. Pottiiaaiary, however, thai cloud of ear t u ajapattai aad be prooMded oa h a way uanaa-ia the Mb ef Oatotoar at MM aaabor to the bar-Mr af St Hatoaa. The U M of October waa Ma twentyHth aaaiTaraary of the arrtyal of the anguat prtoaaar attoe dreary rock, aad oa tola day, preeaaly at •auaigbt,AshM on toe present occasion come to our metropolis to a qu'et and nnostentstious manner. On boardjae Europe hto real presence W M hardly known, though h e mingled freely among the paMesgers, and, with the affability of hto nature, rendered himself agreeable to all with whom be came In contact. His stateroom WM no better than his neighbors', being adorned with thorough republican sim- plioity, and only varied by tbe addition of a tow well cbceea books, upon which M e Frtooe always re Iwe for companionship during hto travels. In spite of hto efforts to the contrary, however, it will bo impossible for theIM tabnBiaUM of the reaaatoa w a oamiweacea. afteriiaa aoura of uaiaierraptod labor the earth toft S'ew York tor Washington, where he paid bis re-g. Where did tbe veaael belong? A . I auppose she belonged to New York.d o a tknow.IMg from the vault, toe aofid maaoary removed aad the ooOn was reaed aad conveyed to the aha. A t the juay, where (be Enfheh tinea of military termtoabtd, the frtam da JotovHto had aaaembed arooadspects to the PreaKleat, s a d waa handsomely entertained. After tea be set out oa a' rapid tear through a con- siderable portioa ef M o country, both North aad TVcat, seeing our hameaM lakes, canals, rail-g. What kind of stores has she on board? A . Do you mean what cargo she baa?Q.Yes.Whatbaaabaeaheard? A.Idoatknow,wmtaa^y WrwB the Adoewoly waa ecgiged In (he c.-o;i*ctk T11( ilm Trtnngar branra he aoct to ihu Preaidest :i an extraordinary character wore made to him by the»a gained oucBxaaaH atou proVauog against autb tccoo, > former. A s the narrative possesses peculiar mte-ost at tea aaaia^fiing the ngbta of tbe fatten mm;'y. Asce that tias tone, we reproduce a portomof it here- Rev- Mr.day night, to a crowded house. Paul will start this week tained any other day—at least one hundred tnoueand ofoa a Western tour, taking aa established reputation with the women and children of New York erjiyiBi the plea- was satis tied that the vessel was bound on a leg*! trading t n soliciting the money, ao i be bad rvphed that beMe, «-.orptiag occasional excarewoe aortal, he has tied *n retlreaMBt, and his name, ao *ODg popaiar In ftaaee,and eapecijlry m taa naTj, a -h wtuca ha waa a teeutabtv tdeautl&l, tus never been mixed up In the tofflcal tntrlgaea of which the royal tamihes of Franoem upon the throne hare eo fre-iniatly been toe ca iao. toe Prmce de JotarJ'a baa two cbitdrea—Fraucto Madaede,borato1M4,aadPierrePhilippe,Duaedeherand to at aU times, maintained on Central Park. Nofapbiuevi, bora m M-aoto aaa pabianed la Li aTerm* * a f>ar Mmdti Me re ?-.iii satire!} at his disposal, sod will be proud to accederh.se lutions expremtve of uud.mintohed oaufldeace ia Me courage, patriotism and discretion of General Gari-!ia5 etr «Bterpr*tBg afcvbi. I*ers for that government, a a j lent, Wbea w e retired to rent, the Prince toy ea the •oocer, aad I tn tbe first berth next to it. The next dayTark.awartssspeet, wMObdgcd to let go all and scud under bare polw gress of rehearsal—the splendid opera of "The Bravo,'' by from Vista Bock to SWM Pond—a sung harbor tn the Mercadente. The tenor, Errand, who bas been for some cennafs of "Tbe Ramble"—where she repaired damages,u d soon put on* to tee—the eights—again. tinerafteringfromthat speeiaMly to artistic pathology, Ayounggentleman,evidentlygotupwithgreatexpanse,*• in disposition," is, we understand, quite recorered, and wearing a well rjomatnsned moustache and a new andtity of rice, a number of wat. r casks snd a <ilaotiiy ef Me only person left on board to ocok ciianar, aad fr gunpowder. It is well known that rice is the food neces Me ship saw Me whole He took tbe remaining boat 1 tnry to feed negroes on and that water casks are essential got to the wooce, where he remained many lavs. Oae of in slavers to convey awppiy of water. Tbe quantity of« Me tribe found him an' took h f t to die settlement. They gunjowdcronboardasolargeMatthamarshalsoasatder- sparedbJ lifetoielithedeplorabletale theNancydid ed it unsafe to bring her nearer to Me city Man her present not anchor, as she waa surreucded by Me caaoea Aattoaiaed a icag ttmo tospactto» the verML die (ttamer dtd not arrive to Green Bay until about three a'erkxa and durto«r most of th* ume we were to conver-will soon reappear.shining tde, suddenly found himself minus the latter. The wind caugHt and whirled it hither and thither, while the hapless snd hatlesa sent ran to and fro, to the immensean- borage or they would probably have ordered her toFrom the regater of the Cora it appears that the was weapons, to n cover the bodies, i poeaible.af MeOa toe day roitewtog he received oa beard La 3 \>.a Battea. On oar arrival at Green Bay the Prince said I tolaaaoifl;ia!visitrromalltheoonaubiaadetherto- wowiobligehimbyaooampaaytoghim:obisaotolaadMiM Adeline Speranza, who for several months hasbeenenabletopresentherselfintheroteofaprima damageofhtoMacraboykids,eadMvorinetorecoverthe t>u;it:uPaisimoiein1867,butMatshenoahaltsfroa deredpersonsandgetpossemieuofMeschoonertaa officers to oar port, together with a ;er0 J depataiam tgkit £ up my qnartora at tbe Aster House. I begged toMesctised.btolMrepltodhehad some mattersofgreat * atoaato aatoaaa a h a deatied to exchange eaurteems with <BH«rUDce he wahetl to speak to m e about, and as herecusant beaver. It war making straijrot headway for New York; that her tonnage to 403 tons, aad her cap- donna,owingtoasevereainicticn,istobetherecipientof U&eoldreservoir whenayonoglady,withgreatgallantry tain'snameJohniatham tiaiek Trip afthe Adrlar.1*.•toipoa haewa^oartordeck. Atwelve oare.! b*rg9, Meaed by a orew af awtlweath tars, reietved toe o> BBUM to Jtor full odtoial anilorm, aad pu.ied off for the frigatenocUinotremainlonghewarnedIwouldoomply withhis request I there upon promised to return to the evening Ij'uEO.aniteaaa«tl»f^rinoeatone,wadthee oepuoaof tae aue'-^ant, wbma he damtoaari ate opened taa coa-tileinher-whit Jo-you-call-it?—lap, guess—"big thing" on skirts.•THE NEW^YORK HERALD.WHOLE KO. 86o7.jivmorm ntactMjtu.ia.Li. 1.-=^±=-MORNING EDITION-MONDAY, MAY 21, 1800.<• featee, a b a aatortuaafcify flar tba uto « M la the•f yeaaa. anotbur aaa a ebarmtog aai tersed.theaghbe w«sttn aadoutthr<»o»tourUmaa. lbs r.iretoesaeasn of htonew ratevprtos. Tbe " tovtofbtoiketch from awawry, by Ma Prtaee purport af tM aoeaawat WM tna —It was aa »•< Priace,' which WM recaived with m mask favor to*PRICETWO CEXTS.at. f tay tm tMe CHiy aswt H ^ * " * ^ m awelf ef a aerae !a ttw fbana act of '«L.» Bcgwiaetci." dtcattea af Ma erawa at Fraace to favor af Loi s Pa.week,wiUbeeoatinuc!udflfartheraooee.A t W s J l s e k ' * , t a e s e w d r a m a b y T o r n T a y l o r , s a t l t i e v ! Ae *•CvertoadRoute,"MabeenMefeatureefMa aeatweek,andwill doutttass bacozwtouedepm Me torsomeMaetocoma. Baextremeaovelyaa sceato effeeto entitle tiki a o v drama to a tang s a d perona ran.THE SLAVE TRADE.Visit ta the Mark1 h o s eMaaMaB a r Crew/—Beraelf—Her Cargo—Is if toe to Sinver.«.**.e%«.Ceaateerahto totexstoceatred to toe bark Oara yeater-ADDino?ElL FROM EraOFfi.TJie Ptggage of the Adriatic Acrots the AtlaMtie,omOera _the native Cbristiaas. Thaexampteef teteraaeal.eap'^lft' Prt.a* ^ » llanttag »»< *"_!?«#• -r»l««—•*<berepfeeeatahnaofwbKbhaRoyal BfMaaaassMel ' t V a t h e r e w e r e t a a s u a a t i r e p o H r a a a o f h a r o y a l p v rente theKtogaadQaoaaof theFranca,palatal t»yj mnopeby'toarieaLoua,tbe sort of LaraXVL,wnov*« My l e d L o w s X T i t , k i n g # r r a n c e a a d N a v a r r e , w l & » ' •eeempaniitg naava a t e titles ef bonor, togetoee wiui aaiaatespeci-cation oftM caoimona andeoaattiera-a m B o a r d — W h a tt h eC a t t e aUtanillHlMritfiMV*" ^itFaraar rewbraiedMidamooe ttiroeL TbarewaaalR>a i -%nr«ef tba intrepid aad daring laadtog of th* Freed u Vera tiena opm which the aboieatea was mate. These eonDeputysnarshata BayrWniiM.w Mom**••*•K-atarsatedlaIUseove utougbtartoiaUonofrig;ddtoaplae aadaot,therofore.•«!• of tfta repifWWtfM . * » of tea day, were car •pproveoT of by s a aapwlnra to command, waa a brilliant •piica, aad that Louto Philippe would pledge btteeef t->Unneai»B of youthful valor aad baraMa wtoiea the Freach stead m Friday loot by I*-, aaaawnceaatat of the arrival people in g-aeai hatled with coag-aial feelingaday, to coastquo ee ef Me paragraph to Ma Mmuia to Tbe equestrian trowae at Nlblo'3 m e eow on tbe tor. tormtog tbe pahato that aha had been aMushadMaa ear may ef the W ja* Jemrtlje.To many of oarthe toaat totereaarag poruoa ef the cabm INet toe MM ateT<*atrsg portloa of the fabin furatt^irewas the Prsoei private tinrary, aaioattntellectuaity setoc?week of the Kama, at Me done ef which tba theatre arB|be renovated, preparatory M Ma eeeatog ef Ma MMMHtea produced asansattoa.Tbe Prteoe de Jotoville reautoed to the dif several days, iadulgisg ta a TIM aa 1 aamremeaisaa intercourseOne of the country papers of October IT, 1341, desert bag his appearance, says.:—erect and dignified gait, but mincers at once kind and nn- aUbcted, which render him approachable by all He pos- sesses a large private fortone, which he inherited at the death cf toe Prince de Bourbon, the last or the race of the Condf-s.tost, but not least, the delicious brogue of sweet Emerald. This large proportion of foreigners, or those cf foreign extraction, who enjoy tha pleasures of th<s rural realm, erected at the cost of so many millions cf the public treasure strikes a stranger with surprise. And wben w e look at the sturdy facer and fremes ot tbito foreigners.M.Butyout»yhoisathore? A. Yta,buthtomenare here.A rracting of the subscribers to tbe Garfbeidi fund, aad otter friends if the cause nf T«alian freedom, waa said at Glssgow on May 1st, to o n w - r toe propriety of imme- diately forwardi1-g the subscriptions to «i«n. GaribaldiThe Pr oca de Ioia»ule left Buualo yesterday for Rreen Bay, walking n ta« wharf tn company with hto saito a a lHaving questioned the Marshal's m en aa to what they kue-r concerning the Cora, and finding it to b i c i more than that 01 tbe others, we derided to keep the boat alongside ar.d wait seme time tor the arhvuJ of iheMr. Bonner U'TSAB stated ttut the meeting had been called on accoextt of the peculiar u goncy of alt urs ta Sicily. An insurrectioD bad taken place Mere but it bad Myetbeen attcccessful. in rocsequenceof the wantof a leader. How ver, a dfprntch bad reacned Ghvagowvar*ty of ma;a of the Western oouatry from rtin.ia oa dco. The Academy closed on SaiarJay with a grand pared with a heaiihy and vigorous physique:' Oar Amen • M'Koj.iiu &I90 bought several clay smoking pij..os. maimer. Messrs. I Human and Strakoech having brought can women, biesa th. to and their cherished chiMren,v. -th which bota himaelf aad amto seemed 10 be extreme 'y paaaed.atHeWMalmostcoc»'aailyatsea,tn.si'rtn^jlaJ->*nnde via at aianera w in dm Duao D'ALUM wuea toea i l at <• -hruary. l>4>, arriTed. Imme-J.auiy reaiga^ig took ptoee between the Prince de Jotoville w d the Reva r a a a ^ o o to the r?;>ion«ao oCiciais, be omjarkiM Elcazer Williams, who claimed to be Louis VII, of Franoe. Mr ianl. The Academy artists sang Rossini's "Moses' theni For ourselves, we should Uae to see every day, to ' :g'aa 1, abxre, at Cliretnont. he n^oiaod a j etiod tlia king missing Dauphin, when it is said that disclosures* M an oratorio, at Plymouth Cfc roh, Biooklya, on Thurs- or at least once a week—Buatiay. if leisure cannot be ob-tutormed by cue of them that be was the Marshal, in re- and others ar^UDd him there They would toea have ply to further inquiries be stated that the bark had been a new phase or ibat iDWrrertion. aod one more likely attached on unfounded information, and in contradiction to be succefaful. Mr Mca-iam. Mr Langdoa, and him-?«rj. In l"to he took c asaawl of tae #«4'iair JO V_I rt •m ormatng oa tea aoast of aor»i**o, hT^oarUe-i r»Q- rar, aad toia Matador. After theae na.ai opcr^tiaoa M «*a appointed Vka Admiral of the impoml n . - rtheir eu<-r>»38fu! season to an end. Mad. Cortc-si an Bounces ibat she has routed me house for a period, and will optn some time tha week, with a new tenor, Sir.are cornered cp in route big and burly mansion or some quiet and unobtrusive tenement, and the free air of heaven, and the healthful exercises npen rich places as Conrai Park, aro in a measure disregarded, if not deniedto tbe mate s statement mentioned iha* she ha 1 cleared andwis bound with a general cargo torn New York to variousrelfhad called on Mr. Bu.tacan, M. P , yesterday,and had had a conversation wna him on ihe subjeit, aad ta seamed to think with Jbe otber seati«mAa teat imme-It waa larxg this trip to Green Bay that as intorncwports of the Airican coast from Sierra Leone to the Capeuf t.00.1 Bope. He abo stated that tbe veaael was built diate stepe ehcui: be taiten to a»iti <;arioalai at the pre-WilhSH a says —It was about two o'clock when we '.eft Mackinav.vrh, Q«e were fair'y out on tne water the captain came to me inJ *aid—"lae Prince, Mr. Williams, reqacste me to say to yen that he desires to have an interview with j on, and will be happy either to have you come 10 him, or allowmetointroduce himtoyou.' "Presentmy cjapUauaate to the Prince," I Mid, "aad m y I pat my-Garden—MaxMaretzek< 'pera— producedto whatever may be h a wtobM to the matter/' The stoat ha oMarvattoaa to the Frcaca navy iram 1M4to t^ptaiu again n.t.red, aad soon retaraed bringingtae!•*, sad npoaMa war in China ia ISaT. The dratot '•t'ace dedotovilto withhim IWM attuog at metimeda** oreatad coaaideiabla aeaaaaoo at the Brno of its on a barrel. Tbe lTtoce aot oaly started with eri is decidedly the finest Fabbri bas ever p'ayed here. Sheter to three o'clock oa Saturday afternoon, u d at a quarterpatt three, or half aa hour atterwarda, the pro cess for her attachment was toeued. rpon tola preoe•teta after the ''-anal formal ipeacb£«, uiey were eu- vt r«aiion by eayag that be had a couimuaioatiuu to make tbe Academy* free of charge, aad tbe artists liave taken the hair off, like the sea captain's, off Cape toteaad after theatyteaf a tree Freach wokone. An to »ne of a verv serieos ntosire aa conocraed 61109011*, aad have most generously volunteered their services. The list teres, once. Bmnot recovered; combs lost and givenThe steamship Adrtotos, waiab fcsfl the NaedlM to arrived at toe Light Ship at 6 50 A. M. to-day, Saturday,tour afterwards the Froach committee aad about i v e aaatrad Preach gen t2em>a w«at on board ia a eto-uner •tor* bad baaa ^eaerouaty provided for -.he'.r iie by tbaof U e :aet ia>uoiteace 10 m*, and befora proceeotoi; fur ih--r he wahid to obtain w m e pledgs of 3C3resy that I *oute not reveal in aayeaawnat he WM gang to any. alter ioae altercaiton 1agreea to pled-; my honor not to rttalaaiihtegtbePttoM was going to say, provided iher • »as Comtek to it prejudictol to any one, aad I signedopera selected to '• Trovatcre, in which Gazxaniga, Waaler, Tamaro, Amodio aad Pubreal will appear.At Mozart Hall Gustavos Ceary, the Irish tenorup to tbe underwriters; hair supposed to have been glued on by St aulding ia r>rsm\-£0 violent was the wtod at one time, that the persons occupying the two upper stories of the tower were or- dered by the police to come down if they wished to pre- sort e their Becks fhey did eo iustanter, and by thatobiects in th* a'iahtatt degree. He estimates the value of her cargo at $.0,000 or more. He does not know woo her owners are nor where they reside, nor does be know by whom *be was fl'ted out for her intended voyage. Ihe cost of unJca-itog sat loading her again wouldbeHay 19, making Me ran to nine days and revsateen hours and twenty six minutes. Slopping her engtom at e SO, she was delayed several hours in a tog. Oa M asaidthaIWMaaachovercome,aad toldhimhiscommo- •»•grandsuonotoumoftheiraatiTDmi! oJcat.-enwaasostertltegbessnattorgivemetorbeingin vocaXBLpaintedback,Matoobarbulwarks,memsd ****Ja&«*«ofthe<eehwg«jftoma*****"• ^L!***'however, a better modelled or a iiceMsr merchaatman steam men en beard. When Tstate to yoa Me fast Mm* toat MM tMPttece WM IMBTUMI M "fathar a 3004 jtedujeaa. Heaawwodme bo woald aot trhie with m y reehrgiraswflfeaaabjeet, but spoke tea simple troth, abeat taeaty-two yean of age, aame itd had ample meat.3 to aa pnaa lakia tamttofy me there h#4gM, of dear, oflve tint 3>d «M BOmtetaka ^aatavar. I then reqaatoad ban M pro- toasteiatonavalsatfora,afcttodiaartdnaawishMaJtomoairepartlymade,andtoinformme <» fall ef the secret 01 my btrUs. Harepatod Mm to derngA grand musical festival win be given ia Bi-iabeth, Nsrw.torMy.on Wednesday eVeatog, to wWeb Mail, ftea- zaniga, Tamsro, Amodto, Soetoi aad Ma viohatot Tomaa wiU appear under Ms cmdojiag baton af Signer Music This wiU be a great treat for the Jersey ties.Man the same su'-ten tookteg Cor% ttrarely seen, and un- doubtedly bar aafltog proper*^ jasTging not only from her model, but also from me lofttoem and magnitude ofbmlt ships, and tae fiddle tgara head whteh invariably sarmounts their prows. She hM great width of beam for av«3eiofberat»,enablagbmtocaTraaaltysaiIaBMe matomartandaroyalwMafore, bemoans cloud of or- aniary torse sails. Them very lofty sails are doubthas atrndedtoeatefaMebgbtetoertolahri whtsh flost about tbe atsBMahars oh the Afrtoan saarer.AtoMsjasnmwMa(tornseemedtobarehneafittedoutwvtb rrmarlrablseare,aadtobefitfornaydeaenptim ofcoa-I have travelled en nearly sil cf Me best steam item to Me worm, you wBl andarstaad what I sassa when I say AcrrtotictototooajaaarabryMeaasmeomfortabieparaanger steamship in ei.at.iace.ail of Mecoenfortoof Mc poputer -*rago aadbaa Me advantage of betag nearly twtea M torg*. etaaitlerably mom laisVLOn leaving Seutaantptea we eeooaatorad strong bmd vteds moM of Me Kme, and aU of Mo time b^b aad r. until we reached Cape Baoo, toaos wbteb time we nave had but about M*rtyfour honn goadBcA«ui or rag taxscm. from the reportefIsb a certeM procem aboald b e gene through with, in or- jrrtegnar^ abe toterestefall parttes oonoerned. t to- •(CK'i what be meant. Upon ties tao Prtoca ram aad a*nt»amw*ak,wci£a,wMtotha room, and took fromt*aparchnteet,wbmbbetoMoatoetableto and gtve my 'alsi iiMtom ia ragsra to it. MO oB the tab:e pen, ink and waa, and Mby am tnthii4*^" anataace, Bmammmi to toangurato qaeat anoa the body af gfnmiail yaatarday. ^ ^%«•** ,teateaad esaate2Ti—. ??* •**** •*jfte« «*MB) *wam*ate», wa oMkrvwt a »r«ei • I toefatoM'ef'awf.-ei^ k...Tbetetented will ) •B1b bodyof detie debut of Mr. JwtjtoWtorMm MntonaW rotgofP. was atmp'y x«vert meatol seal of ft anas. Ma oae, if I mistake not gar. At the wsaaMtoa of tbe first niece, Mr. JeiEsraonAiaremarks,whichelicitedMfltaremapplaasa.•empany which Manager Jeflbram hM Mcnred, together* ^ '^• verdict of aercto! service which cooia rtaaonably be expected from gyu MS passengers from Mo first rehnqatobad all bonaafafr'aaaaa?•are onder the oli ssnareby.Tbe doaumeat WM verywaacalledbeforaMwcnitein,atombemadeafar happy•wmdivn^iywrittentoe«abieparalleleohunaaofl i g ^ s hsecured u> me ettber m tha oouatry or ia Fran,)*, at a ythe Dverpool {fernery baa a report Mat toe Mass *l t " * * • * • » Brencroft • Hatory 01 tba Cmtoo v*atee, abd then went ontosay mat Icould not oe toe iastruaent which hM bad a sni 1 saafsl raa of tw o weeks. hM beea sn investigated b y the District Attorney. Oge of our ail Me Dannbtoc proviaom tor Mrawmg off M e yaks efted »P«ct»a ef 3ee anthers tn almost every departmsot of mace my dectotoa sad rose aad sold toe Prince that I was campa.gn, which w'dl Mmmence Jane 4. '«81nebeard,v literature and atteaee. W e were aataraVy grfttioed toe 0 prepared to give bun my deflaite answer on tbe rubjoct,tbe Life of Oomiaedore Perry by aide! Haokeam, James of bartering away witn my own hand the righto pertain «t*< •r*JJ * * * * otogto servant, Arriving at itoston oa >a»al Ha«or^aa4»»ve!alwMkape*rteintBg to his fa- tog to me by my birth, and ibat I could only gi »e to*write profeeaioa Th*re were several highly tinabed ajaracayhat,tathesteamshipfuropn,hipassedqttetly tow^fDteoaftoythecelebratedaaootoetarerLaPageofM » ua oieiropolat,aadtookapHa luvteraattoe Tnt»isoaaWoorwbyatagaanrromAlgerin,averycuriousmetoeft Heme. It a amd that the object of bis tourney aa«teae swoH of tba Middle Ages, sad fear suoerb itj««]in»(! a oon tone, asd aeeupei me of mgratrtade intotg Tnrkteb ptpee, eartebed with aiasao ida, a present to tramp (tag on the overtures of toe King, his father, wno, • Amercaattaatimeatota«;igotaaa.aung'and baB,y*lm«ha*MbvtheyeaagaahteaofTurkey. Th*y Mlaid,WMactuatedtomakingthe(hO^OBiUooairebyMe Ferto. The TurtrJah Mtetoters have even hinted M sacor of Napoleon at Warsaw, " Tbougb I am ia poverty aounctd at the old Bowery theatre, and wul make their aiddenly tarntobed reocdatton, procured a boat to the are to Belgrade. Tbe Busman eorpe has beenhimtaoanswerwbxh>>e1'roven^egaveto theAmba«andeitle,Iwillsetaaermcemyhonor."tnePnnoeapwifirst appearance tebhjbt, to "LacretteBorgia,""The Youag Scaaw,-' ai d tba^Freach Spy."Battery,andwassconafterwardsalongside,wherehe dteappcteted to hto expectation ef eeeing a rutted MarshalaadMecaptaineftheallegedslaver,oreithertoBvsmrabmtokeepMeforkstoche*, whoharei< right toecter Ma Dannbtoa PrtoctpaBftoa previouahdemandedandobtotoadMaMr.J.W.Waiiack,Jr.andMrandMrs.F.RCon•xeur IKO la toe Sort* and W-»t, of which amnamo were orijj Dsully accompanied with three beenttfal Arabian feelings of kmiaeM ana ppy toaa by anv way eommcBce a short engagement at the New Bowery ef them. Three or four setter like men having put Men* parties to the treaty ef March, lfca, M tomaeo m vary load, bat a a yea nakaoira to horvea, which of curse, ware not in bto stateroom, ba'., otber cosaideratoo, smee hto cUlto to the French te-aighi A series .f SMvksperean characters, commenc- beads above Me reS of the rather tofty bulwarks of M swe preaume, in tae :!owery lawaa of Seam» or St. Cloud; extent ha will proton;; hto T U X He D/O e!tbo!>*h we did see M board, aad frisking about the to Washington yesterday to pay h a respscto <Jeck, »o»e thirty noble Now.lBaadlMd dog*, which taethrone rested on an entirely different basis to nine, v*s- not thst of hereditary d»scent, bit of papu'ir election When be spoke in thtoatrata, I «poke loud also, and saiding with <Othe3o," are UBOjnced fox the week.At Barnum s Museum tbe dramatized version af Dick-eta' novel, "Bet, ' hM been the feature of M s pasCora oa the approach cf the boat, our reporter asked if the rafted States Marshal WM 00 board, aad betag re- p itd to by a stout, round faced, middle aged, hgbt cam. plexicned, grayeyedman,thattoeMarshalwmnotonCeestontfnop'e Mat Prtoca lUmach will ba < such astep would taialhbiy toad to aSCsTTtaVThe Abbe Bonaparte hM offered an ba Pope,retainingeaiybtovilla atMeia tot Fremont, aad wiU probably ba there about a weak. Prmce purchaaea ea that bland. A plain but excellent that as be, by hto enclosure, baa put me in tha postu >aofpiano, whose quality we c u speak af from a hasty trial. SKErcHor HisLIFK. %^ WMtheoalysourceofmere amasssMM aadrec.ea.uonMs Prince da JomvUte waa bara at ^ ' i U p a the 14th wb<rb met our eye. w!!threeweek;;anditsaueceaewarantsthemanagerinitoblood, an-i that another now wished to obtain from me betn enriched during tbe part week by ezteaatve addi- ciaa aheved describe1 ;—KOawber, H18, aad waa chraaeaed Fraeoote Ferdinand * « the eompany were mazacUng tbe ship, theyaappe, Lento Kane, Prince d Orman. Ho a the third Pruseo s superb bead, iKee 4* GmmnaMrt, saoendeU an abdicatloa of the throne. When [ spoke&f superiority,aaa* tM lata slag Lento Philippe aad Queen Mane Ami- booactory march, " l a CMtateva,' rrom La .Vorma, remained silent for several minutes We parted wuh ihe paneMcotos and curiosities from John M. Faik.Esq..0 ;went ashore yesterday with the Marahal, and he hM am Borne; bat, being brought ap under Me care af a trajyaj Lik* ha brothara, ba raoetrad a rdsmtrni ednoaOoa a get?oiMK*e "La Parb»1eee,•' "Hal Co'nmbia," and r«quest from aim that I wouii reeoasKier tne propoeal ofPurter's Cterk of the United States frigate Sibtae.At(ieurfeCbiiS»y'saaeweqtieatrian versionof'-The Held of tbe Coth or Gold" wiU be produced to night,to which a fine stud of Morgans, Arabians, libaa Aliens,mUiiMdirtcttoaofaprivatetutor,beingdestinedfor •entry Ha aada aararal toyagas oa UMcoaat of Fraace •M haly, aad afterwards presented atamelf fir pontic eaother bta Mui pi«cea Tha band is suoported at aa ex penieof40,0<H>ftaausperannum,fromtbePrince'spii vatafo.tune, aad we have the ptewura of announcing that if tbe weather should prove favaeaala it wul tba eveaiag, at dve o'ciork, pi»y m oe* ot La Belie Peale'ah^ father, and not be too hasty ta my decision. Oa hit renewalofthogubjectthenoitday,fgaveaiaasialia- answer. Before be went a*ay, he said—"Thoogh wo part,been sere since. q.Hastheabrehaubeenonboardsincet A-No,satsince yesterday.Q. When de yea expect Me Marshal to retarur A. HeChrisMm mother, who constantly remained fatthfal to M a MUMofPinsIA",Mayoungmantaaneverceasedproofs of a most decided leaning to Me clericalstoa.I hope we part friends''at ihe Neva. School of Br«*t He recsi rod the boaia, wnam a few yams of vne Battery—the Pnax, as In reply to the above, shortly a'ter rts publication in Patcbens, Ac., will be totreiueei.sad the Captaia ware to be here at etevea e'emak, but to The Queen hM appototed Lord Betoavea, te be Htotolaa of midshipman, and theraaftor waa s u i so all tba requrements of saval dtoeiphne. a 1*6 M waa railed to the rank of lisatoinn aadwe are o.ttmed, havicg gallantly preferred to the tediee ef the City ia toehr evening promenate.1858. the Prince de JoinviUe, through his secretary, az kBowiedged an interview with a person on the steamer, in 1841, who appeared exceedingly well informed concern- tug the history of North Amiriea aad ether events, b itThe Bryants continue to draw good houses at Meoba nie's Hall, and will cottrnoe tbe "iixanger' another week.to aow after twelve, and I am aot aura whether they will be hers to-day er aot.Q. T oe can tell me ail I want to knew for M s HmuioQsmmtotooner to Me eteaeral Assembly of Me Charah af Scotland.A new book about Auaea. by Priace Polgorovdrr, baaas'ipetkir, I must assume that pis.tion aad frankly saymyuidignationwaastereobytoememorythatoaeoftbofamily of Orleans baa imbrued his bands io my father'i continuance another week. The Museum coUectioa hM board, tbe following interview occurred with tne g-mtle-Bonaparte to M e ton of m e famous Prince of! toe opptr deck aad niayed to succs**4oo drat a grand ia tbe Prince immediately assumed a reap^ou'it «tb.ade. an>l tions to the grMd aqiarto and by a osatr.botion of Ja- Q. Is the captain of Me vessel on board« s v he Preaatent of Me Depattea ef MeMad the sqaadren la the ba* oader admiral Hogoawas a new to oparattoaa agaiaat the city of Coastaar •oj' with our citizens, neither making nor receiving formal states that " all tbe rest ef the articlejwhioh treats of the Broadway, and w'dl continue hto mysterious comicalities cannot come, on board; my orders are to allow ao bom tion. Such strange disclosures have not been made tm aOaboardtaacorvetteLaCreate,Nor.x7,ho honorbyr/rivateindividuals,aadeveryeffortmadeto workoftheimagination,afablewovenwholesale,aYes; I am the mate of her.Q.BywhatarmWMMevesselfittedoutforsea A.I doctor. IitofavorablyspokenofbyaporttoaefMabath courage aad akUfaiaesa ta —•"-'ring the oat of Saa Juan d'Ultot, aad a few da?a aAarwardd, at Mi head of a detachaaaM of tadora, ba loroed the gate* ofVara Crai. ani wkth hia owa hand, ia tba tnidat of a ttre-ly (Made captured the taea roaiaandaat, O a . Araiarender his s a y agreeable. II) vteited places of amuse- ment in pmin clothes, and though occasionally recognized by the audience, it bad generally the good taste aot to disturb tae privacy which it was manifestly his wish to maintain.speculation upon the public credulity. 'Ito hto return to the city after his tour through theNorth and West, Prince de Joinvilli gave a splendid en- tertainment to the Mayor and Common Council and other datioguaned citizens on board La Belle Poule He th«n went to Boston to attend a magnificent public ball whi;hmiem^Thvo'TawcrlaBanger-Larget'oa- c o a t K - The Heart a f ManH.ttta.ii Ialaad Throb, Wttbi Baaaty—Arrest af aviawer Pilferers, &e., date*The heart of Manhattea Island hM seHom throbbeil more senaibly under the exciting tendencies of the pre sence of loveliness and manliness, grace, beauty, muscle, romance, love and drollary, than it -did yesterday after- noon. Central Park to M yet a huge rough diamond; but the hard bands of doogbty^lapidariea—ye shovellers ef ye earth, and ye drillers into ye solid gneiss—have already carved out ot chaos wbala acres of enamelled lawns, aad rustic books, and lovely rambles, and mirror like sheete'I.Whoareherownersr A.Idootkaoa.g. What isher captain's name? A I could nottellyou g. Youaremateof the vessel you say, and yetyoudon'tknowthenameofthecaptain,doyoumy? A.No I don't know hto came, because I only came on board yes- terday, and was shipped from a shipping office.<•! Is the second mate on board? A. He to; this to he.press.TbeOnsenofSpain,onMay6th,gaveagrand banquetto Me generato who have returned from Africa. Tha affl ctol entry into Mtdrid of the army of Africa took placeatMeend oftoatweek.*A funeral service was solemnised at twelve odoe* aw Saturday, May oth, in Me chapel of Me TuUartos,Me annrvereary of Me death of Napoleon I at S tIhe Emperor. Empress, and Me Prinom aad TIlauiawim of the Imperial family were present. The hnolrh nf rttosa Jerome not permitting him to be present to Me mam at Me Tmlertos, he WMrepresented at Me Church ef MeIa. valides (where a funeral serr ice waa likewas perforated), by an aide de camp, and by Me cfiicers of hto hoiseaoid. The Church at the InvalidM WM filled by Me aurvtrera at* Me old Imperial army, attired in Melr aattqtiated Bai- lor ms.It to stated in a letter from SL Petersburg Mm Me Em- peror of Besato. on M e report of M e Minister ef Justice, bas jaat decreed Mat burgesses aad rnf iarhar.il pea- sants shall hence tortb, like coble °, not be subject to carae- rai punishmeot uDless in virtue of a regular ^dgaecl.At a <p«riai mectirg of the Common Cccncil, on theMa pruiaat beaartor waa to the Pnnoe the Croaa ofIM Lafen of Honor aad the ran* of captaJa. la 1844 24th of .^ep^mber, the fallowing preamble and roaofmi m had been prepared as a testimony ef respect to him, and toraoeiTedthe commuatoa to brinf back from & Ho- were unanimously adopted — WM described at the time as of " surpuslag splendor."of the Eaaperor N»potooa. Aa the axpe 1 TVhereM. the Prince de Jotoville to now 00 a visit to On bto return again from the literary to the com-tba CO'ILV•, aad at present in the eiy of Mew Tork, enteTiamivg tae moat grateful reoolleeaoas of the intimateconnection which h a s ao long existed between this conntry and its acctent ally, and censusemu th^ visit of thePrm:«toUnacountryat tbatimeM anev.dence oftbedbpoauion on ba part, ani diat of bis t.iustnoua aire, toTba laager of capture waa coaseqaeatly imminent; but maiaixn ilium trtenuly reiatteBS, we are desirous of em from the royal family. On the 2Cth of No-, amber braces trie present opportunity u renew tbe expressionthe equator, a French atop of warmet Mat w th the aauxaiag latoUigkaoa that hqatilOiea had tly airojKly oaaaaaaaead between ^.oglaad and auhject of the Turkish Egyptian treaty.mercial emporium, h e w a s greetou b y a banquet pre- pared by a club of about eighty of his countrymen and a ball by one of the ladies of the city, who, when tn Paris,had, with her husband, received courtesiesQ. (To the second mate.)same, or can you tell me anything more in reply to Mequestions I have asked than Me mate has told me? A. No; I only came on board yesterday, and know nothing that the mate does not know regarding the vesatL<,>. (To the mate ) Did the crew know what kind of avoyage they shipped fori- A . They did.1g Where waa Me vessel bound' A I doa't know.g. Where did she clear for? A. I could not any I be- lieve she aid not clear at ail.records that the Priace ae Joiavlllo lamedhuely that, to oaae he ahoiid meet with aferae, rather than auirender the re aaa.* of the Emperor again to the hegiash. Ito atup aad all to MaaMa shoold go doaa witha magnificent dinner WM given aim by tha Corporation of of water, ao that the tout ensemUe, even atot our condtienoe to the friendly feelings which continueta an.te us u the band!, of national anion, aad to recipro-cate tbe courtesy sad hoapitahty which have alw*y•-character;?^<1 the French people ia our commercial and the 2Sth of November La Belie Poule weighed anchor, social intert ourse with them; therefore,the Jvirt ''aluy tnen ot and that a committee of five from each Boaro o« appototed for the purpose of carrying out the object of this resolo! .on.To this tbe Prince retaraed fate ackoowadgmeiia. statiag that he t u about to make a tour of the country, aad oa his return weald ba happy to meet tbe c; tons of New Tork in a more public manner than be haiyet done.Oa the 28th of September, accompanied by bis suite, heWM she teavtude of visiters, as near M we can judge of it from a •a>k Cat aha the Franca afficeri, all to deep mouratog A t tba route, forests aad growing totea, and pene- Uiastrioua stranger to preserve a complete incognito. casual and cursory gang*. There are, m y from 10,000but tbe to roll to both hatchways, fore and aft see the cargo put on board.I did not•J *!•>I, shay atood ia reverential aileace, with Ihe ear atooyei wittoa a tow pacta of gieem The Gov sreer-Genera' of St. Heienaid, aad to the name of tba Brtttoh govern aeat torreadered to France the rematoa of the Emperor, wa*B, titer a cer^mocy uaparaUetod to ito elemaato o' bsbuaCy, were deiivored by the Priaoa da JuiavULt a ii.ee* Mai reattag phtea to tba Coaica of the InTandes, ia fun.trter thto he made a cratoa to the Catted Stxtee. aiiih• •!, a fjSlwter referred to—to iae Me<inorr*nean, andabtr itxaiuaa, aaa ta 1&43 aeat to B.) Janeiro, wa ;re,a uw let of May he married the P. inouss Francsaca Xeafitaaee, atotor af Don Pedro TI. In the aame year be• a raaed to the rank of Barn Ailnitral, and eutSortxM .-•dormicf to the regulationa of tne boat like any olobeian.a M preeeat, with the prifllege of ?oQag, at the aittiogt iiv W M very plainly dressed in a black¥.vb«BoardofAJmirA&y. Htie he toodaaactivepart fruck coat, blue piantalocns, pumi«, white si;kh the iinaaaiiainti apaain^jd for a.e examtnauon of storittogs, white kid gloves aad a blade hat, almos was the raui benefit on Wednesday evening, with Patti ever Uiey can gat it. They take their wr.au and their incident oc-urrci before lancing wnich was as follows!— •.r*ucm*istotsvetotooorgaalzaUonofastsamElencbiug.Be{nmpedaboardandwentatt,seatinghim aadGtz/anigain'-DocCiovann!.'ItWMthelargestebiidrenwiththem.Theyletthemrsmbieandscram-Abeatwasjtithedoutfrttutheshoreandrowedtowardsthepre-vlo'isday,announciogthatGanbtoi:aadhto etf) aad the perfeuiot of naval ai»ciol!ne general/. *«tf 'n ic-s taffrvi with an indepen/Jert, wac,|ti4ha r, -into ttr Cora. 'She contained W o men, whom our reporter tiafl had gone to 3ialy, and in all haeMoood Mey Eevaeaiaoaeror*.t-ni'sarneoitxrofuo\uit&r•%"uopia-ajJue.Hetookoccasiontosepplymmaoifwtmahci.-e,andi»'aii/edtbeheaviestsuntortheentiresea-ble;forwhatareafawaughtbratscsorscratchmcomeu;:posedmightbetheMarahalandthecaptain.BeiugwonldhearofhimnextMgatheringtheSicihaaetrating evea to the undisturbed possessions of the aboriginal savage, being received, at WM remarked at ihe thxe, aometimes aa tbe reprcacnteilve of the FTeach people, sometimes as the son of hto royal rather, some c u as a prince of the blood royal, soaaatimoa aa aa amiable a a l acoocnplbhed young man,and sometime* M a great natural carioaity from foreign parte, cast b y chance apon these short?.There are hnxdreds here who will seek him out, and be will again be the private recipient of that hospito. ity at the hands of our citizens which he experienced twenty years ago, when here in an official capacity.Wa may add that the Prince ia now about forty twog. Is the not light to be so full? A. Yees shea light.g What does the cargo took like? A. I. to .n boxes,the ci.y of New York, which WM Jkewise attended by Lord Morpeth and otber distinguished"-gentlemen, and onthis early period, hi oneyet of soft aad winning beauty.wide and winding rib boms of pebbleloas macalam. the bridle paths are just suited for tbe feet of the etolne and the pleasure of the equestrian, upon the footpaths the feet of Me youth and Me maiden—the lover with his sweetheart—the sage men tor and sager matron—the dear auto children, with their mammas and their papas, can treal with earn, comfort and security. Central Park ta the place for vitid romance and sereae contemplauon; and here ail tbe softer emotions which sweU the human heart and make one think that this to not a wo-ld 01 misery, but one of pleasure aad enjoyment, of beauty andfired a national salute, and started for Spain,w e haved eJoin villayears of s g v , toB-sad well formed. H e hM a peculiarly come with such qcaintonas aad weiuse. Agate w e hear the French tongue; anoa, the Italian, toe Spanish, andg. Who is in charge of the vessel now Ftetea Marshal. SA. The UmtodJacobs, the wimrd, has been qnlte aaeceanfol to 441about this vessel, 1auppomr A. I can't teil much. Y oareceady appeared at Parts, aad to likely to sake a aenen-tenieiuess.can tind active and truly pleasurable play.WHO*. HAVI WS IlEKE?Now let ua took at tbe character of aame of the mamto 16.C00 present. Thai tour uftba of the whole number presentapeakaforeignl-:oaisevidenttotheduUeet auricular. Of this number at least three fourths are Germans, all well to-do, who use their owa vernacular, occaatonaUy breaking to with a few dashes of broken Etoghah, which, from tbe Una of a pretty German womanespecially the Germane, one can pialnly ascer Marihal und captain ; but andlcg that pattonce The tesdjbg errant at the AcaJemy of MlEic tost week tern our reason for Me apparent physical strangth it. tbtE case -vas likely to ba vain, we soon of these people. They take octdoor exercise when atu-rwards had the boat towed ashore. AnAt Verdi'stheg?aad opera of "Xab 11000'' W MO p e r a t i c a a d D r a m a t i c N e w s .Winterfor the rsl time in the United State* on Wed- It will mve many a collar on the doctor's bill,ncFday night, with Fabiiri M Abigail, the newbarro, Mirano'cla, M Zaccaria, and Ardavani as Nabucea.This opera was put on the stage in excellent style, thescenery, costumes and ail the appointments, from theBabylonian trass band to the caparisoned steed of may feel the utmost confidence that good order will be,Our next visit WM to Deputy ilarahal "Thompson, whomwe had the good fortune to find at hto residence in Teeni.eth street. He stated that the lirst sosplcioua intimaHODSoonoerniBg tbe character of tne bark Cora camefrom the Custom House cthelals to the District Attorney-tffice. The vessel cleared at the Custom House at a quar- baldi, asd aath«3T:dng et*pr, to be takem for trsasmitotogNahuoeo, being all la complete order. Tba rule of Abigailrowdvism, no drunkenaem, no obscenity, no profane- dure of M e District Attorney, Asstotant Manbal Tbomp eebtoaaea,ant'WMreproducedInFrancfottto1348. aentandtoTornntoryBurprtoswhenhesawme,isanactrt=8ofgreatpower,aswellasaverylinevo-ness,"norudenesscfanykindtosltowedtopassunheed-eon,withAatatontMarshalDonneU,inMeabasnoeofwisrr TO TTM rwiT»> STAT«S « IS41.lie prevfoua n i t of the Prmce de Joiaviile to this assay WM asade oa Ma tM of September, 1841, when frigate of si.-ay gaaa, aadoff tht Battery,table laid tor the i'rince and h a companions, and of war within a M invited me to ait with them, and he oaered a e the seat of honor by h a sale. After dinner theed within the prectecuef the park. Tbe police regula- tions are, so far M can possibly be, faultless.A BT.OW ON VISTA ROOK.About four o'clock veeterday afternoon a revere blowwaa experienced on Vista Bock, upon trhich the bell tower to located. Itto the highest point of land or rook within toei^arohal Hynders, engaged a tugboat aad gave chaae to the Coia, which WM already under way tor aaa in tow of a steamer, and proceed ing very fast. Upon coming ;.p with the bark Me Marshals informed her captain or their mission, and Me captain immediately atated his wiilingneM to comply wito any requiremento they might make of bun, while at Me same time he warmly assured them that the vessel WM proceeding on a perfectly legal voyage in an equally legal manner.CaroUaa, and aame to Our bay than*»•, Uaerefri&ce s retmue* At dinner time there waa ,a separate eome time longer—at all events, we auppose, until the crinoline new. and the hats flew, and tbe bonnets flew, WMOn being ordered to return, he consented, wlthoitoi'er-ing any opposition, but signiiicd his regret that bis vessel been brooght to these IsJanda Ae nothing was beard of should be detained on ro fine a day, with such a One, fair, tbtmfor three mouths, Me sshooeer Naacy, ''sslsla fresh breeze blowing from the west. At five o'clock the ferxi; ley, was chartered to go in search aad at onesproformed the exped*. h a command, oabared the ,whichWMretaraedfroestheXurtnmore farcify afterwards to connection with the whole train of circumstances, s a d b y contrast with bto usual sail prcpjsBowted manner. H e then shook m e earnestly aad respectlcily b y tbe hand and drew m e toimediatelyu;•mn1innailn Theattention bepaidDMseemedto Miuaau not oaly myfetf and toe passengers, bat alsothethat hearty applause which always rewards a perfor-mance well executed before a N e w Y ork audience, a n dWM repeated on Friday night aad on Saturday as aunderma:ij.tr. It will be sung again to night for tho last time, Park, and commands a t n e view of every point. Hun-dreds of ladles were upon tho rock snd climbing Mr. Maxetztk having decided to continue the season for op its tides at tha time, and tbe way Mewhicha sight net often seen to theseJapanese, and probably the Prince of Wales, have an op- a caution to mariners. There were at this juncture some episodes of an amusing character which it may not besaast frgate f imtrhafto, which lay to rail M I at Jar- toy day. -tlemenfa tn Amerce, the vator and enterprise of the early adverturers an 1 the loss of Canada to France, at whicfi tbe Frece expressed deep regret, to toe course of h awiU be sung, and '-La Juive^' which wm so ilnely pro- tor—M lovely as a hcuri, perhaps a little stouter—about and register 01 tbe Cora, both of which he took Into h a of tbe crew (Edward Cole) came off to a canoe wttb Ma the petition cf the new, rteervoir. Suddenly a violent possession before quitting her. From Me manifest It ap informaikm Mat be WM the only aurrtrar ef Ma alien duced here before, will be repeated for tba tost Ume. Mr. gnrt of wind came, and it WMimmediately found necessa- pears that her cargo WM one of the most varied and m is Gardiner. Mr. Garlaad Ph.llips, M e caieebist, Cap amMare'A k produced no l e a than three entirely now onerM ry lor the beautiful Fraahen to take a double reef in her celianeouE kind. Among it were 10,466 cubic feet of lum FeU, hto brother, who arte- M mate, aad five * taeahoops Tbe squall redouoi.»d in violence, u d frauiein, were a 1 set upon Immediately after prayers on the elk of ber.wQichia an indispensable ariisle in the mariUmovJaaadag, toe Pr'aea praceeded M atoll, without oere- remarks, U*J< a m what connection 1 cannot tell, the Pr nee loi-i n;» that he had toft his suite at Albany, tooktoMf, toe Pnacfa AmbM ador. who bad oo-sa from a prreate ccaveyMte, sad weal to u a head of Lake Vasatogtoatoezpecadkmofba arrival, aadMvoralof 'teorse. Be>WMverycopknaandHoeattospeech,aadI was surprised a t t h e good Eugllsh n c spoke—a, iiltie toilrtaca officiate who were la the c a y lie also pail a broken, indeed, like mine, but very intelligible. We rnvate vtot w toe Beaatoa Admiral Ton ffchasM, aad Me contented' talking tote into tba night, reclining in tostotoafrtgate,*hi-hbaajaatbeeacomptetedbyoneof the cal>a en the euehiosa ia the dtera of theth 3 teaton—not a very common Instance of managerialenterprise•andwelearnthathehMa fourthnowinpro- afterrtruggriugtavsinftersomeminutesseatestthetem- transportationofnegroes. There WMatooalargequu November,anda3 murderedby the natives Coleoat there was great agrtatlim ia hto face and manner, a calist, and this fule afiords every opportunity for a utapley -aght paieaaas and a quivering of the hp, which I couldLot lie p remarking at toe time, b a t which s Jack m e of her dramatic capacities. Tba opera waa received witha benefit.at the Academy of Music oa tomorrow (Tues- aad a bigjump, spread far skirts and ctight the :'yingl he marshals left the vernel is charge of 1 wo men, w'th ACOOrNT OF THE VOYAGE—C0MTAKATIVE TTHFg Ofday) night, under tbe management of a commtttee, composed of some of our loading titt,ena CUmann and Strakoech have kindly given combs blown out of her head , A gist more, and it wou'dinstructionstopermitnoone anboard,nortoallowan;of her crew to go aebore. her captain, however, did goashore wuh tbe marthals. Mr. Thompson considers tintfrcm the present appearance of Me bark, she does notappear to oe intended lor a slave voyage, nor hM he noneed any circumstance since her capture to warrant the twenty .1inutes past six o'clock on Wedaesday, May t , con3imaiion of the suspicions concerning hsr uianiatevocalist, and bto daughter Mtoa, gave their interest ¥Mpwaiiarlygratifytoftobothparties—«>a^omiaeioUiaeBectonapieceofpaper.Whentawingenteartatomentoeverynightlastweek.Tonightameans,nodoubt,manyvaluablenecksarepreservedtoabout*5W,udtheMarshaldocsnotfeelIttobehisdutytogbfting,shetookapilotervenmilesaootoofthehgbt* a at taa restpteat of the glowsg e > « j was dvce the : race spoke ta tha etteei—You nave beau arcustoai. j , air. to oattckler youraah a native 01 thi»;«" aa iraa freneamca far h a imloua aad bigi onuiiry,bu4yoaare am . Y oa are ef torelgn AMcest ia the pciftnaaase of hh sacred bruit, Ten were burn to Europe), str , and however acredibi.the community.ABSfi-ST OF ftOWgB nLrEBKRS.to near this experm upon hto own rmpoasibiUty. boat, and ran immedtatery te her dock to Me foot ef Canal liesnwh'le the inveattgatioa in her case will be brought street, which she reached at h a t twelve o'clock, afterbacaoaa a afforded them an eaportanfty * »»Stof a Prtoce aad a ship whoM BMBM were aaeaJy 'is dtpwittsd to the arch-vaa of their coaatry'tto mettocaabie maaitn^n with taa reatoraa.oa ofX may at first seem to yoa, I have to toll you that yen are Ote sea of a ktog. Yoa have altered a great « al scd been brought very Tow, but you bate aot smfiar- ed more or been mare degraded than my father, who was long HI exile and poverty ta M ia country; b u t there a* tha d'fkreace between him aad yon, Mat he WM all along aware of ma mgh birth; whereaa you baTa beaninaiwy of voice. We have ao doubt that tbe concert will be largely attended.The infantile musical world will be entertained to- n-gat at Cooper Institute with a concert of eacrei and secular musk under the* direction of Horace Waters, for tbebenefitoffJUteMarthalavia,aaopatorSundayaoboolwere a youna; gentleman aad tody, w h o were atrotlieg around the outskirts of the BaasMe. and the gentleman thought he did no h a m to pluck a modest garland for hto "top» love." He,with the others, were token to rue sub station house to the tark, the young tody foUowisg, and sharing bto tomregrnMm until hto liberation, same hours subeeqoently, by Car*. Benwlck, commander of the polios force on the stojliai,I a q a e s u .TAX-AI TsHTCtn UHMLTT.—A tody named C L. MMchcD,residing at tha corner af Fourteenth street sad Irrtog nktoe, a n t knocked down and run over by a hgbt wagon in Fifth areane. on Saturday night, and m **Z«*L£i imei that she died in a tow minutes after being ptokad up. Iha police were unable to arrest Ma driver^of to* vehicle. Coroner Sshirmer W M nattoed t o boJdauto-picture of disappototoatnt and dej«ti6n. Most of the ves- more notice and more hopes Man any other ever burn tnsels near her tad Mete bunting nymg in rospect to the the ranted States snd at the same Mar more favorableSabbath, but Mere she toy. wiM0.1t dapiaying a color ofany hue all bar mils cloeefy furled, and «; a consider aad uxdaworable ommasat, ianlatoMj M isjgaraa her enable ^stance from her•atotercrafts. HerhnU, wtochito ftaeb. yoa win aoubCem be gasafsam M be able to giroaf aa iiluatrioo* haro from a <?ii-xrava to a peoedaadarthalloaed sparedtheknowledgeofyour ortgm. when the Wumcore; limentary benefit will be tendered to Mtoa Gaary, bya large number of friends, who admire her sipe-nor modeof rendering every song she attempts, and her excellent pilfering fiowere aad rMrubbery. Among tba numberMa summer season at thatpopular theatre, aad MA Boi rmow-rro.-Lesrto Bhoaee, a boy about four yeeraoid. residing with bto parento, •* * * 7 *< ^ " r Tstreet, while ptoytog tmtorcaw V * * * * * . * ? ! ^ s»»eeton»'urday!ai5e*toa!allyfell overboard a»<J yastne drowaeJb^oreanViamatea^ • • "of granlear and Tbe drives are tikeupon their o w n grand domain, ^stV . Let oct iha Americanvoyage, he acem«.d lost for a reply, and ai—ply Jiid that the lawyers would tell all about that, and pushed away. vTcsubtequently l<anted, bowevar, that thisman wastot the Marshal, and therefore hto other statements are eqaal .>- unreliable.Me Mbecitptlocn to him without delay, were 1 cimouely agreedto.M a u a e r e o f a R U s l o a a r y C i !FrcmMeLoadeataar,M*y1'Yroterdav tbe foUowtog lettor waa rwoeivod by Careens BatoSaad, Meaeeremry of Lioyd a, from tbetr agent at Falkland Islands, eommun'.eatte? M e pvoouiara ef the massacre of the orew of M e Pangonian maa on brig Alien Gardiner :—Biayrxv, Falkland Islssfls. March 14. lasto. Sir—TbegtoinformyouortheleasofMe Paugeatoa mission schooner Allen Garuteer S h e *a|teu from this port on tbe 7th October last, for Woolya, Terra del F eg'- tebing back several natlvrs wbo bad prevteuatythisw o Let them ramble, and acramble,snd ailord a world e i pleasure to m an and womankind, to say nothing of alotoacoat corduroys and demi sami- crlnolxe. Tbe parent! of children, and the parents aicmeelres, however runeh they may dislike public pa- radea and dtmonstrattoes, or any exercise in public,sures of amagnificentmen and chiMrenand scamper, and—behave themselves when necessary.portunity to see what New York can do in the way of Ita amiss *o note Amid a ero*d ot ladies and gentlemen, an bark cast her anchor at Me Battery, where she has lain ceeied to Woolya (Beagle Channel), where be found M e ooBveraaboa turned between ua oa the arst French aet ban Opera. In tbe course of the week Martha (In German) eWeriy German gentleman WM explaining to his daugn ever since- Mr Thompson atoo showed us the manifest Ech<«ner A'Ion (• irdtrer in poeeettion of Me nattvea GaaA pretty little g'ri bad her bonnet blown off, aad herOTHER OCE.V5 STliAMMfc3- TRITITH OP Aa«BICAM Ftll.tr- DESCBimOV OP THK VBSSiL—THX CAT- TAIS8 AOT EKGTS1JEBJJ L06-", ETC , WtC.About a doaen personal were arrested by tbe police foron to <?ay by the District Attorney, and Men further par- ticulars acd more definite snd satisfactory tnlormaaoa concerning this "gallant bark' will doubttea be ro-VeThe Cora, u she lay off Me Battery yeaterday, was thestopTing for the Oarrtet Lane In Me tower bay. and Ma quarantine visxtAsMtoisMefirstvoyageef aveaaelMat hatexcite1ea Saturday eveamg tost, by two of Me UaitedDeputy aarahals, who bsd her <inc?reme«iO'«ry anchoredoff the Battery M a prisoner, previous to tho holding of tan to bto heads irretotebU proofs Mat Mere to a ptoa toto come alongside, nor to permit any one to corns aboard. Q. L- the mate of the vessel aboard at present)- A.Do you know the captain'sgardtala.g Has she a supercargo on board A. She bad, but GARIBALDI AtfD THK QQVEKSMXltT—TINrTMldLAAhe is ashore.Q. Whattobisnune A. Idon't know.NOT CKUET) TO FBaNCE.A iifference of riewa existe betweao Me Sardinian Cabi-net ana Garibaldi reepeettrf the employment rt Me strb- •cription for muskets. The government ooacrirea MM M Me money WM subscribed .'or a patriotic purpme, a a prt- vate perrr-n ought to have the power e f disponing tt M r same received, sucb. however, Hast Me gaaarara view; aad, seme days ago, ba applied to tbe aayor of Pavte far Me fund efforec b y Me munkapaiay a n d M e poputotaa towards the pnrobaae of a trillion of muskets theMayor bande-f OVT to him a s-im of 37,192f., for which Me general gave a receipt in his owo name.1 oiml favour has addressed a tetter te M e Mayor of Yintiscigli* f a answer to one in which Mat fuaetteaary be*g"d te be inform*'! whether the place in question waa to be ceded to France) rtatiog Mat Mere can a1 a o doubt about tbe nationality of *n inhabitants, audtoerefo-et is to remain sDne\«d te the Italian kingdom, to which it bas always belonged.Tne Sicilian Movement*.• From the tfaxchoetcr Guardian. Uay f ,asd packed up that way 01' the boxes.I could see no part of it outin Baltimore ten vcars a„o, and o*aed in California, and f.-Di moment, and that any f«!BJ» over wbisfc they had that sbo was fitted out by a Califomian firm tnat her control soon! J be rrauraitted to bim 'mccediatery paptam's caisc was Latham. < >n being asked bow be hr. Jou.v Mtui'iie stated that Garibaldi hai written teBOOBas he got Cole, snd enticed Jesam* Button on board, Atlantic Dock-. Brooklyn, or tome similar abiding place. be set sail, aad to now goae back fwith extra bands aadvo-ld call the subsciben: tog.-ther, that their sancttoa might b e obtained. There was e o doubt that Garibaldi and Me national party 'mdcretood one aocber, aad mat there would ba harmonious action against Ma tyrants of tl e semth of Italy He ! sew that CaritaJdi u d the leaders ot the national party w»re in coretant coinannicattea. aad he thought that Gs.ribu'di had gone from Genoa to ol aly, if not wtto the eynree? «at'Cion of the Kaxg of Sardinia, at all events with t i s connivance.tothepublicatowfactoMsham1ai byseveralpractical t, «ajF«afterT smtoearetf by ait Rival I •»* aftoibjblMftoTtotto/aagtiMatoeal I oy t e aa vessel of bar ctoaa.ktigrfdnmngleWilrmMHO majiritbBtoownrir^mtorttyMft•:/ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetFulton New York 130697IeoaaoaedmetnagItforMe oftearmajmat wpcaUntitled DocumentTta weather was so ex-aedtogtr dtearroea'vtowww.fultonhistory.com 