 ——\<*<mhk9*-*****•tiers*** .atasoiiahlettW*• T ^ . i Urn ii •. .?^ssroaoe* app_ . . &LA|rovedtSt#W containing ( W a d * ; 7^C^ei^iic^oininitUe,wasacceptedoytheSenawMENT.". •.•;•;•':;:'- .•„. ,,, AlargeaudiencewereinattendanceattheopeningDr.CLARKcomplainedofbeingmisrepresented.,' The Rev. Mr. POYSON confirmed Mr. Kettell s state-AVOICE.Nottrue. Idon'tbelieveit.' .TheRev.IRA FERRIS deniedtheimputation.He hardlydared,toutterwhat he thought m relationtota- res*........ ............. ipII^M>\.O^vJOexAmotionwasmadetoconcur;The Rev. W M ' . H . FERRIS said that he supposed hisbrethren would giveJbim credit for being a conserva-tive man. But i f he were to glance among the twodivisions of this Conference, he hardly knew where he fect state of society, but marriage was not sinful per se. an extra session in the afternoon, commencing at 3 should find the; dearest friends, onthe side of the Con- The BISHOP reminded the brother that he waa not o'clock. ,1Ison-Rive*si. high andfifty mtim •>.••Broadway.Lochelle, aRailroad De- nd other out- put tiacrea, TittMMJonuk-l e g a n t E a -dUoa-sqaara, andmadeto « bOQMtUtdiuinBank.1NCE and-, two milw ir *bl* nei^b- orr-» of Uad, »ble garden, tdance. T h e on***,sla-a* ire are eight nt*, Suture*, e, and all at* SING, N o . «Committee were instructed to report, if prac- Whether any portion of this sum is for traveling around^nulactures * :*terfor the blind to go into the country among friends, andwork where they can find sympathy and support;Bolution. Several brethren here called Mr. Ferris made the occasion of riot and debauchery, but who to order, as the motion had already passed for a vote on would dare to say the Sabbath was a sinfufinstitution ?The old adage, that the • world owed every man a liv- the other resolution. At length, however, he was ing, was nonsense; every man owed the world hisV o 2-storyIS.SS*33.11 portedadversely.theSecretaryofStateto-day,Mr.Bowetrdrawingthesourcefortheboardandeducationofindigentpupils, long term of »ix years, Mr. Bergen the term of four which amounts to about $20,000 annually.sod two lot* jft><Mi08 l«t O^ ;-avs. Price n Kutwit*mrton-av.,NG-HOU3H with two deno* of Jos. uneriewof ir,VAN, next No. 47 Itaid-aod pro- si tbe leading isterms; tbe , and yielding > per cent perfoPine-t.ill, Litoh-acr**, vrltlf«ood repair. imj Summer ctiuloe fruit »f water ran* rn with good tree*. Pri» x;'a&a3»d for w to * , ,The adverse report on the bQl in relation to plantingyears,andMr.Pilsburjtwoyears. TheBoardofManagersatpresentconsistsof:THE NEW-YORK INSTITUTE FOR THE BLIND. George P. Allen, Robert Grade, Robert L. Case,AufcUBtuB- avoid hareh and unchristian conduct. He' earnestly and the negroes were an Idle set. If Slavery had prudence had come. The sin of our position with re-3.MADZ,• Park-rewr Broadway."cotton shirt on his back, and tobacco in his mouth.J3—Beas>>suffering, but to whom would they look for sympathy talk about their being equal with us, he didn't believeunless from the Church of God at the North ? and to a word of ! 'Twasall nonsense and sophistry. At- them to the Erie rule.welletooked bbery. T h oreplete vrttk- r nfhffiafnt*. in and nulua >ty to J. W.igbkeepsit.•3-story-baityof Stay- bsth-rooca*, >f -.be amount ;•»•. o f M a y .The New-York Volunteer Monument and Burial As- Bcciauon.To alter the Map of New-Yojk, so far as it relates to Madison avenue. *ThebilltoamendtheacttoencourageAssociations to Improve the Breed of Horses was reconsidered andmanagers relate a number of instances of his viola- mass. The city has always been so largely Demoj tions of duty and propriety as an officer and a gentlehim think of tbe European rival villages, " GreatBarre," and " Little Barre." The people in the batterplace built a lofty steeple, with a wonderful clock init, looking toward t h e rival village, from which thesemblance of a human countenance loomed forth andBrother BROWN continued, and, without comiog to a vote, the Conference adjourned.THE RESPECTS OF THE CITY TO THE BRA- ZILIANS.approvement* >r Tulip irticu- 0 >.->1o'oloax ; and see me.meot, andSoppBe*torPoMoeDepartmentSociety for the Reformation of Juvenile Delinquents •Wbarve*. piers, and slip*20,000 Td.r.Cooperseemstodefendbycallingwitnessesto mittinghim.AndyethedidnotwishtheNew-YorkConferenceto weresofrommercenarymotives.The vessel was then inspected, and conversation was held with the officers. Ten or them could talk En- glish, though most of them knew a little of French. The officers are all Portuguese,Creoles, and the mari- ners are a mixture of Portuguese, Negro, and Indian0 . !• I .HI !•• . . •.m.-*»;; : . §1£° ' " S S l ^ f i r sternTof ^earsnoV^xcee^t?L ^ ^ ^ t S ^ ^ ^ T ^ * ^ IwoviSed and authorized. alleged, excited Mr. Cooper's anger, and caused him to the wisdom and benevolence of Mr. Vasear, as the never yet fairly come to life.from The London Times, of last January 6<h,conurm- with zeal and firmness for the election of Republican inir statements of bis own, which bis brother hadz-MONEY.:,CA.RPKT!*>MPANY«E^tj/^ofOoId, i,ruiiiisnr• - - j -1A.•'•»p In *s>? •ATM intuaotooy M+»inafiwjtorWM« ryxeSf «e»CooperInstitutemustbetothatofMr.PeterCooper.The Rev. X>t. OSBON said that this resolution was,atanyrate,calculatedtodrawoutthemoralforceofthe whole church. Still he would be willing to drop the West Indies. In this extract the following line in numbers, and its members exhibit an enthusiasm inthe work which is creating a decided' impression•HCr-- - •^guished, men IKettoll). they bad promulgated this platform. Now, were ths A^-SIavery men to be re- strictedintellingthetrothfortheirownsideilHe had been taunted with not calling for the Committee on Slavery. He had rejoiced that Sti Paul's Church rangto-daywithutterancesonthistheme,todth«'Mr. WEBSTERVan Dyck, and their testimony was unanimous that theceeded almost the hopes o f the Republicans hero.The SECRETARY read the record which involved it.much in the end.[Great merriment and confusion.}^^i*irM. l^^MBiii..v^.-.-.s*^ia(K-Yr><'**a*'»^«*-«*>wmmmmmmmmm aI ;' ,s, ^it-A'*?SKSA3PE-.v.AlAa*r, April\13, I860. S f i t i S B S ; ^ P ^ ^ t . . „ ; . . ........,.....^000 ing of the teBtaaaony aa we were able to give to it,]the NEW-YORK CONFERENCE OF THE M. E . have not been able to understand the rule. r0BW-YOKB: iI.BQISM.t®RIl1Anei-houEekeeper 'tcf8tJ&ed to an appearance of im"notaowmtoTeuiBVAution. But from as careful aread- "AVoicE-^Some of the greatest minds of the countryThe Senate waa occupkd all the moraing in the de- / >a*e«ftbeS«pplybiD. , , .^ AiEter*longstMlmtheSapplyhfllwaspassed,wita thenumerousamendments. . , waoaS-Tr.. -^ ^o^-100"1*fof theaeveral Coaltsofthecharge doeB not seem to be proved.. On the contrary, CHURCH. •:••'the evidence of the entire innocence of the Matron ifl. DISCUSSION ON THE ERIE RESOLUTION—IS SLAV-Mr. BJETTELL—AsI underatand it, it says expresslyenough that the, buying and seUing of'anyhumanM^i" -«^deficiencyintheproductofthet«e»w- M H» ^rjateai Apptopnationbillasagreednpon^ flrj j«wcocMnsesanddiabuts^mciiia,incurredbytheconclusive; ThematterwasbroughtbeforetheMan-agerssoonafteritsoccurrence,andmistakingly,wethink,thrownoutwithoutinvestigation;itwaadeemedtooabsurdandtrivialfortheirattention. ItprobablywaaBO,butaninvestigationw#uld have beenbetter,ERYASIN?—SPEECHESOFTHEREVS.WM.H,VINCENT,ANDOTHERS—CONTINUEDEXCITE- atthepreviousConference,when '«•' ', /*m&». SwJT^ojtoied, and a t half-past elevrjn :«'5!3oekpa«a«ii-^» to 8. „ . ^ p , - -AOwli•...................MR. COyKLTJfG AlfD MR. JAQUES.as the resultproved. The offense seems to have ex-isted only in the vivid imagination of the housekeeper. of the Conference yesterday morning, anxious to hear ments. '• . i .. ' . the charge of Mr. Crawford.mostly females, did not conform atrictly to his viewscity purposes a sum not exceeding $1,379,219 59, and and wishes, commenced persecuting them, as they to the Republicans here. .s»»- r'ir-^f•PoHe^-ConttoseneieaofDeputySaperinteadentVi.;..UV» 5,000IW^^S&Jlr '•*•"^ office*......,....;........15M •propermtimaoybetw^n Mr.'Cooperand a'llatron, •iij^ii-.^ii-^.fusi i s» -—;—-.**;•* ••;. tlemenoftheothersideamereinventaom ; $#•In one of my letters a few days ago I reported the met that Mr. Cockling charged his colleague, Mr.Mr. Van Dyck very properly investigated it fully, the expected discussion on the Slavery question, asDr. CLARK said that Mr. Poyson was a " weeping •brother" at the preceding Conference, and probablyMr. CRAWFORD explained.The Rev. IRA FERRIS disclaimed beimr responsible for the Pro-8lavery opinions of Mr. KettolL jThattt**" Tb» negative, votes are Messrs. *TMJ> ^«>> Jaques, with perpetrating a fraud on the House in ref- taking all the testimony on both sides that he Could W Owdfeftr, <3ow, IfcGraw, Bfchmond, M**r.asr,zn& erence to a certain bill which he had reported from a procure—perhaps giving a wider latitude to both sidesembodied in the Erie resolutions.After some preliminary business, the order of tbev.specialcommittee. Itisbutsimplejusticetobothgen- than would be allowed inaCourtof Justice. The A aaeseag*m».received from ^ f t ^ t S r w ! ? present matron and housekeeper take sides with Mr.had no very clear recollection of the facts.day was taken .up, and the Bishop presented the reso- The Rev. Mr. KETTELL resumed. Was Slavery a brother did not express the conservative sentiment oftiatthaBonseirsi«u»upon-*»<>w»*p-droadXoUhill. tlementostatethatafteranexplanationoftheaffair Cooper,and,asbeforettated,theBoardofManagerslutionsinquestion,!adoptedJuly13,1859,whichrequest sintosuchanextent thataman shouldbeexcommu- thehouse. *Dr. MCCLINTOCK said the question of thetliaetttaion,Hr. PROSSER Tnovc'd that the Steaafe recede. on a subsequent occasion by Mr. Jaques, Mr. Conkling doal8o. One of them testified that' they never dis- general rule on Slavery as to read as follows:hold slaves,'there was no alternative; they must cutitoff,rootandbranch. Yetbrethrenwhosaid.itwa3a sin, objected to the instant abolition o f Shivery.twodistinctthings. TheBishophadintroducedit. It was hisduty. But tbe other side had said-—il You shall not vote on these resolutions unless yon debateformallywithdrewhischargesandexpressedthecon-fCon ere <>ew be has been Superintendent, and that was in relationlvJT 1lT.lTa^0»0ved that t%e Senate insist, and ap- viction that he had been mistaken in regard to the mat- agreed with Mr. Cooper but once during the ten years"Thobaying,selling,holding,ortransferrins!anyhuman being to be used in Slavery." The role now reads" the buying and selling of men, women, and children, with an Intention to»eiatfciiewComiBitt<*« t S ^ ter. The charge grew out of the fact that Mr. Jaqo.es" • SF1X0LA jtw>v«itna4the Senate adhere to its had interlined a sentence in a bill to confirm a grantOf to hia forbidding teachers to go into the parlor; theyNow, the whole question was, " Is Slavery a sin orenslave them." ! ' - " not?" There was a great deal of pious rhetoric and them first.',* Was the debate due to the Conservatives?rescinded that rule when i t was brought to their >cntawhichwooidclosethedooragainstany theCommonCounciltolandsunderwater;anditap- notice. „sentimentalismspentonthistheme. Slaverywaa [VOICES—NO,no!—Wrong,wrong!—Right,right!—servativea,oramongthosewhomightbecaledthe Themorningsessionwasthenextended,toallowthe ; speaking to the question.Progressives. He hardly thought' it expedient to act Rev. Dr. HOLDRIDGE time for the delivery of what he on the Erie resolutions at this tune. They were dead MANY VOICES—"Let him go on, wo like to hear wishedto say, as his engagements rendered i t impos-*•**iy-^rt•eoofti'sllces» *••. pears that without such qualifying sentence as Mr. ^wjjjj^^ fe^'deoafes, Jfc. Splnola's motion was lost, Jaques inserted the State's title to all the lands it may3 ^ & - ^ 2 . ° A ^ B^«od. Colvim CounoUj, Gardner, own in the city would have been conveyed away.A good deal of testimony was taken as to the manu- facturing department. It appears to be a losing con- cern. The witnesses testify it is so because the Man- agers pay so little attention to it, and take so little in- terest in it, and because the Agent. Mr. Young, is in- competent "and deficient in intelligence and energy. The witnesses who thus testify arO blind adults; theycalled Binful, because evils grew out of it. He denied it was necessarily a sin. There were many evils grow- ing out of the marriage relation in the present imper-Great confusion.] . ,After order was partially restored, it was moved and seconded, and passed, that the Conference should holdIxBJXKmd, Kc5^7, Maoaierre, J . M. Murphy, Se§»ion», and ftttn*«n.Yft—Jtfewai. Bell, Ferry, fleio, Goaa, Hmhoune, Ketchnm, •Upstrrt. #<;Or«w, MontKOtoery, llunroe P. P. Murphy, Proa- mt, SUn>*-7i Richnvond,Botch, Warner, and William*.THE SUPPLY BILL.The Senate passed a large number of local bills to- day, and ordered the Supply bill to a third reading after an animated debate on a motionto strike out a'SWtf Jo§Sfiiriherdebate,Mr.Fiero'a,motionwasprovisiongivingtheSlate'sPrisonInspectors$500complainbitterlythattheManagersdonotgivethem—twicedead,andshouldnotberevived.Hewouldhim!".v. fibleforhimtobepresentmtheafternoon.Dr.H.each in the [form of traveling expenses more than they wort, alleging that with the amount of room and cap- offer, in.lieu of Dr. McCiintock'e, the followingre- Mr. KETTELL continued—The Sabbath, also, waswere appointed as the new Committee received last year. ital which the Institution possessed, the business might - « ; Mafsrs. Fiero, Montgomery, and The motion to strike out was lost. As the bill now he carried on with profit, and furnish a living fo*.large stands it gives each Inspector $900 for traveling fees. numbers of blind persons. The Managers deny this,accordingly reviewed at some length his own course from youth in connection with Slavery, taking, on the whole, decidedly Conservative ground in relation to theJErie resolution.AFTERNOON SESSION.Bros. Curry, Haviland, Selleck, AmermaxL, Cran*dall, Morehouse, Fero,Seidel, Blinn, Aberiy, Bramerd, Clark, Prentiss, and Foster were elected to Elders' orders.Resolved,ThatweherebydeclinetoactupontheCincinnati, erneraonlyownedtherighttomaketheirshaveswork, Dr.STRICKLANDsaidthatasthesubjecthadbeen Providence and Erie Rules, and request the next General Con-ferencetodeviseenchmeasuresasshallclearlyprohibitallslave- andtoconveythemfromoneplacetoanothertomake thoroughlyventilated,inordertogetatthemainques- holding for mercenary or selfish purposes. them do so. At Athens and Rome, the bodies and tion he moved that the substitute be laid on the table.Inofferingtheseresolutions,thespeakersaidhehad soulswereowned,butinourdayslavesweretreated Lost—65to73. 'noaxtogrind. Butweweretooapttoaliowpolitics with kindness, and*crueltytothemwaspunishedse- Dr.CLARKthenmoved that the questionbetaken to interfere with religion. There was no difference of verely. Slavery, as i t now existed, was not a sin. on the substitute. "cairf»fy**' 12 o'clock to-morrow.ASSEMBLY.»j^ ^31* to piovid« K« the Police Court of the Cityand contend that the more the Institute and through the lobbies of the Legislature during the the more it will run in debt; and also Wallowed to read his preamble and resolution, as fol- lows: . ,'•; ;..";,;•£•:•>labor, and if a race would not work, men were rightto exact labor by force. This principle waa understoodpast three monthB does not clearly appear.QUARANTINE.and carried out at the North, in our vagrant and work- its position on the question of Slavery by repeated votes; and,. ; house systems. The question with us, was notMr. Vermilye's bill for the removal of QuarantineWhereat,: The New-Y ork Conference has heretofore denned Whereas, The Cincinnati, Providence and Erie Rules haveit!:ibetter for them morally as we 1 as pecuniarily, and eg Uew-Yoik, and to amend the (Sty Hall act, were was reported this morning, and ordered to a third much more advantageous to their health.failed of the constitutional majorities, and any vote thereon whether we would adopt such a system, but whetherreportedcomplete,andorderedtoathirdreading. reading.THETRIBUNEhasalreadypublishedthe Thedepartmentisevidentlyneglected,andrunning'mustbewithoutpracticaleffect;and,Mr.Amcrmanwasallowedtolocate.The order of the day, the Slavery question, was then53» enactmg clause was stricken from the bill to. main features of the bill.aathoriz»? the conetruction of a railroad from Flatbuah THE PROPERTY QUALIFICA TION.through Brooklyn to the East River. The Senate bill to provide for the amendment 6f thedown, according to the testimony taken. Mattress andmatmakingarethebranchesmostfollqwedinthe Institution. /Whereat, Our present rule .and disciplinary provisions on the subject have been variously interpreted; theiefore.Mr.CONKUNG,fromthe.SelectCommittee,re- Constitution,soastoabolishthepiopertyqualification OneoftheManagersstatesthatanewsitehasbeen poxt«dabOltoauthorize the removal oTohatructions forcoloredvoters,passed the Assembly to-day l>yafromthepottofNew-York. voteof73to33,oneDemocrat,Mr.Arcalarius,voting procuredforanewbuildingfortheInstitution.Thirty-Itwasamendedbystrikingoutthesecticacorrecting for it,and one Bepublican, Mr. Dorsch, voting five acres have been purchased near Washingtonthe Harbor Commissioners' lines.Mr. VABXAN dissented from the amentaent, andthe report was laid on the table.The following bfils were passed:To establish fire bmits, and for the more effectualagainst it.Hights, a t a cost of $120,000. An edifice costing as much more is to be erected as Eoon as the plans are decided upon. / . :The present property is now being sold in parcels. Its estimated value is §450,000. It is not the intention of the Managers to carry on manufacturing at the new location, except BOfar as it is necessary for the instruc- tion of the pupils. The Institution has received from the State more than $100,000 since its organization,preventionoffireintheEasternDistrictofIrooklyu. StrawberryBasketbill,andthebilltoincorporatetheThe following bills were lost:To incorporate the Coast Wrecking CompanyTo amend the act for the incorporation of at Asso-ciatlontoimprovethebreedofhorses.The bill in relation to engraving bank notes v^g re-Coast Wiecking Company.THE POLICE COMMISSIONERS.The bill to amend the BrooL'yu Local Assessment passion on his part, toward themselves and others. Amade faces at G,reat Barre, whenever the clock struckthe hour of the day. This was what'we were engaged Council to visit the Island institutions did not reach. "lsrw wasipajreed.number of the ex-employees were examined by Mr.in nomination for the same office. The result ex-think it was very dignified, or that it would result inaccept any ouob,expression of regard from the city, aa they are required to leave this port on Monday for. Portsmouth, England, and other ports of Europe, inBROOKLYN FIRE LIMITS.opinionastoSlavery. Allacknowledgeditsevil. The question was, whether they shouldlet What should be prohibited? Why, of couree, that looie 4,000,000 o f paupers upon the world? H eDr. MCCLINTOCK—I hope not; we are not ready. Dr. CLARK—We were not ready for the other.Dr. Clark, however, withdrew the motion.Dr. OSBON made a considerable speech, while theleaders of his party whispered loudly in this wise: Rev. GENT.—Don't let the vote be taken now; thereare twenty Ofour men away.,Rev. DOCTOR—Well, there are twenty of their menThe Assembly also passed, beside ten or dozen nnim- portaot bills, the Senate bill to establish the fire limits for the Eastern Diatriot of Brooklyn, and rejectedspecies o f elaveholding which could not come under the class o f benevolence; which was distinctly for mercenary purposes.The Rev. IRA FERRIS wished to ask if his brother meant to intimate that she Church did encourage mer- cenary slaveholding?depicted the natural degradation of the negro race, and insisted that they were.best off as at present. The negro in the West Indies was incapable of taking care of himself. Emancipation bad blighted one-half of the finest of the Antilles. This was proved iucon- teetably. ^ousaaint TOuverture discerned the evils ofThe new Police Commissioners drew for terms before exclusive of what i t has received from the sameTheBISHOPwouldagainremindbrethrenthat,onfreedomtotheblacks,andestablishedthefamousaway.Weshan'tgainanythingbyit.such questions as these, where strong conscientious " Rural Code," with the intent to' finally enslave all Dr. OSBON, however, appeared to think differently, feeliDgswereentertained,greatcare,mustbetakentohisrace.Gowhereyou.wouldinourownNorth,forhewentontogaintime.HesaidthatthetimeforByvirtneofthefollowingresolutionoftheAssem- Schell,Jfi.L.Beadle,M.D.,EdwardWood,AlfredW.Craven, The house reconsidered the vote on the bill for he bly, Mr. Van Dyck has -investigated the condition of William Dumont, L. M. Rutherford, Henry Van Rensselaer,entreatedthemtoassisthiminpreservingorderduring degradedthenegro,whydidn'tFreedomelevatehim? gardtoSlaverycouldn'tbesoveryawful,orelseGodoysterswithinthewatersoftheStatewasagreedo.he diecuesions of the day. ' He affirmed most emphatically, thai under God'sprovi-dence, Slavery in America had been the only thinereliefofinsoivei.;.debtors. Aftertheamendmentswerevoted, one of which makes- the act take effect on tie2*t of April; 1861, the bill passed, 75 to 33. It allowcreditors, after two-thirds of all indebtedness being du«the Blind Asylum, and made his report to the As- Robeit S. Howe. C. B. Norton, W. H. Church, M. D., Waldo^jjhe Rev. WM. H. FERRIS continued. He did not which had elevated the negro race, and he was a boldwould show it by withholding some of the blessings which he now showored upon us. If men would settle down to a moderate temperature in their eeal, they would have more time for their religious, duties —for their legitimate work. H e did not w a n t to withdraw o u r influence from that portionandunpaid,oneyearonhisownpetitiontoassignin<tfMt»departments;thequalifications,characteranddisposi-sarily a crime, but i t was the buying, selling, andsembly :" Betolvcd, That the Superintendent of Public Instruction be, end he is hereby directed to examine into the condition and management of the Institution for the Instruction of the Blind,Hutchins,C.K.Tuckerman,J.LenoxKennedy,W.E.Travors, Daniel H. Tompkins, and J. Lloyd AspinwalLWISCONSIN.mea^i to intimate that the rule of the Church encour-aged mercenary elaveholding, but i t was liable to beso misconstrued. Tho buying of slaves was not neces-man who would dare deny it! In morals, health, and civilization, the slaves were far above the free negroes. Many statistics were given to show this. Mr. WesleyaftpropertyandbereleasedfromfutureliabilitytortionoftheSuperintendentthereof;andtomakeimmediatein- •transferringofmen,women,andchilcrentobeusedwasoftenquotedashavingsaidthat"Americanofthecountrywhichmostneededtobepurified; ftdebt.vestigation into the alleged grievances of pupils now or horcto- fort connected with the institution, and to report the result of Buohinvestigation to the Legislature forthwith."CHARTER ELECTION IN MIL W AUKEE—THE BOOTH CASE—ELECTION OP JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT—PROSPECTS O F THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IN WISCONSIN IN THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.in Slavery. " To be used in Slavery "—what did that " Slavery was the vilest system under the sun." M r . clause mean? He proposed himself to throw hia vote Wesley must ha^e been blinded by prejudice, or hefor they would withdraw if we went on. What, then, would become of the Methodist Episcopal influence over Slavery except the merest political in- fluence ? Wasn't the Methodist Episcopal now called anAbolitionChurch?HedidsaytoBishopJane* thathewishedhehadbeenshotinTexas,nottodeath, but had been grazed a little. The condition of the slavee out of the territory of our Church, and the con- dition of those held by pur Church, were immensely different. They were worked harder, and treated worse. He quoted from Brother Moses Springer of Missouri, earnestly praying his Northern brethren notXVEjnNG SESSION.would never have made such a remark.- •Folks said we were " cottonized." I t was a blessed thing for usthat weweie. Thewealth flowing tousfromtheSoutherncotton crop alone kept aliveThe Committee of Nine reported several bills to bereportedcomplete;amongthem,abilltoprohibitSan- *vSehavebeenableonlytomakeanabstractofthefor some rule which would define more distinctly the eviltobeshunned. Now,theruleheproposedtosub- stitute for the defunct Erieresolutionmetthewant.dayamusements.Mr. MILLER stated that this bill was reported with-out Irs assent.The billcreating a Quarantine Commission came upfor a third reading, when on motion of Mr. D wight, the enacting clause was stricken out, and the oil! killed.Mr.* CGNKLING reported a bill to prevent en- croachments on New-York harbor, and correct the Commissioners' lines, which he stated was agreed on by all parties interested. It was ordered to a third reading.The message of the Senate, requesting a new Con- ference Committee on Tolls was announced, and the House agreed on the Conference Committee. Messrs. JTagler, Eilsworth, O. Allen, Downs, and Hall were appointed.repot and testimony, which is very voluminous. B ythetestimonyofthepupils,teachers,officersandman-agers^ appears that a very serious dissatisfaction ex-ists asve tbe management of the Institution, and es-peciall}with the Superintendent, Mr. Thomas ColdenCooper. A striking diversity of opinion, however,prevallsamoDg the officers, teachers and managers asto his cmduct. Of the managers, Messrs. Cravens.Church, Oracie, Augustus ScheH, Robert L. Case, anaothers, apjearto sustain the Superintendent and ap? by the Democratic party, at the recent Charter prove of his management, while Messrs. William Cur-[Here the speaker read his resolution again.] Now, our institutions and so-called elevation. The Speakertis Noyes, J. P . Crosby, Mr. Olyphaht, and Dr. Wood, ex-managers, condemn it in most decided terms. All theee latter gentlemen have resigned their places in the Board because of Mr. Cooper's miscondoct and be- cause their colleagues persist in sustaining him. The {>riuoipal charges against the Superintendent are: Vio-election.and, when the facts are known, it will be Been that the Democratic paity has but little reason for ex- ultation.tobacco? Did they ever think of abolishing Slavery b y giving u p slave products 7 I t was something very ourious to. see a brother getwas nothing ridiculous in the idea of waiting on Provi- dence in thiB matter. He didn't believe the time had come yet to exscind all slaveholders from our connec-m«n.cratic that but little inducement has been held outThe officers, such as Clerk, Matron, Housekeeper, to even nominate a Republican ticket. In 1859, Seamstress, <fcc, who are now in the service of the the Democratic candidate for Mayor was elected Institution, sustain Mr. Cooper. But those who have by a majority of over 3,400. At thexecent election,The BISHOP said the first question would be on the acceptance of the substitute without any motion beingmovtd to take from the table theUil to establish a Ferry Slip on the east aide of the Superintendent was tyrannical, passionate, and orueL In place of a majority of OVOT 3,400, the Democratic Tho Rev. Ira FERRIS thought the Record wasM I L W A U K E E , Wis., April 10,1860.I noticeJd in T H E T R I B U N E o f last Wednesday (April 4) a statement that this city had been carriedhere went on to contrast the products of the South and of the North, finding an enormous ratio in favor of the latter, and ending with the conclusion that we were the ones who were actually deriving the most benefit from the institution of Slavery. Didn't his brethrenThis statement is but partially accurate:The foreign element in this city is very large, and»feetfret* Thefollowingbillawerepassed: Bchool,andlackofreligiousqualifications.Theex-theIrishpartofitvotetheDemocraticticketinawhatbranchoftheChurchsoonerthanthatfoundedtemptstoalterSoutherninstitutionsbysuchtalkmadeAquarrelaroseastowhateomebodybadsaid.*, command6nt, ungovernable temper, want o f interest in theby John Wesley ?Rev. J. Z. NICHOLS wished to know if a motion would be necessary to get this substitute before the Conference. ...-.., _• , ,left recently testify to the grossest acts of violence and the strongest man probably in the party was placed necessary ini!hepremises. - , ".'.''.PBERTRAIT, Batteryenlargement.Lost.Aqoumed. Withtheteachers,thec<ississimilar,althoughmanycandidateWBBelectedbybarely1,000majority,•wrongandshouldbecorrected.. TheRev.CHARLESGORSEwasopposedtothiskindordertoreturntoRtoJaneirobyDecembernext.LLE.— n*. Jroadtrmy,OWn-stonC- i work,with.)doofIiezTJi| je for a " r., to JO}.•••• WtomOurOwnCorrespondent.ALBANY , Friday, April 13,1860.TOtw-yoRjt err* JLST> cou^ir XJLX « V T .^jjfcf- vaa, -wMcrt passed the Aaaeably yesterday, au- thorrzea the Board of Supervisors tc raise by tax forcf the present teachers, some of who^n have been there The Rev. Mr. CLARK undertook to speak, but the of speech-making, on account of the acrimony often Yesterday at 2 o'clock, six carriages left the City twentyyears,areverymuchopposedtoMr.Cooper,whiletheaverageDemocraticmajorityonallthefloo*waaclaimedbyMr.Wood.Someconfusionproduced.HewouldliketohavehiabrotherstellhimHall,carrymgtheMayor,thePresidentoftheBoard and give him the same character that the exrManagers officers elected was but little over 600. A Republi- arose,.and the Bishopra calm voice was again heard whether Slavery waa recognized by the apostles ? of Councilmen, and a jpretty good representation ofand ex-officers do.On the ground of maintaining discipline, Mr. Cooper,as soon as he ascertained that any of these teachers,can Treasurer and several Aldermen were elected. This result, in a city supposed to be BO overwhelm- ingly Democratic, is a source of much satisfactionpouring oil upon the troubled troubled waters.Mr. WOOD thought that the Conference had voted toproceedbycallingtbeYeasandNays.The Rev. L. W. PECK said the matter was of such im-How much had all the Slavery discussion opened the the members of both Boards, together with the re- door of the South, so that we could ^o there and porters o f the press, to the Battery, whore a half preachtheGospeltoeverycreature?Hadnotthe dozenbargeshayinwaitingtorowthemalongsidethe' Slavery discussion produced a monomania in the minds Donna Isabel, which was lying in the North River.portance that we gained time by talcing it into full and of such men as Wendell Phillips, Garrison, and others ? The Bay and river Were so rough, however, that all forcountypurposesasumnotexceeding$2,213,40631.allege.Amongotherthings,heforbadethemtogo ItwillborememberedthatS.M.Boothwascalmconsideration.ThequestionwasnowonBro. TheBISHOPagainbeggedfthebrethrentokeeptowhocrossedgotsoakedwithbrine,andseveralboats'MThefollowingaretheitemsprovdedforintheCityintotheparlor,compellingthemtoremainintheirbed- triedsomethreeyearsago,intheUnitedStates W.H..Ferris'Ssubstitute.Heappreciatedthefeeling thequestionandspeakaskindlyaspossible. wereutterlyunabletoreachthecorvette,beingcarried chambers when out of school. On complaining of the which prompted the offering of this substitute. H e The Rev. Mr. JOST said, for the German brethren, tonthwardby the tide, and landed at the Battery, op- coldnessofherroom,hetoldoneteacherwhowished DistrictCourthere,andfoundguiltyofassistingto didnotdesignyesterdaytosaythatthiswasatest thattheywereagainstSlavery.TherewasnoSlavery positeGovernor'sIsland,untiltheymadeasecondat- to go into the parlor, that " she must walk around the rescue the fugitive slave Glover from the United question, but he did mean to say that free debate in bis own country, and never should be. As soon as tempt with a larger force of boatmen. The Mayor house and keep warm.". This teacher was a blind States Marshal, and was sentenced to one month should be allowed, and no epithets branded upon a he could speak a few words of English," he had told and Common Council were appropriately received onLevy:Jahatame«t d.nuisance*...^. Aqueductr—Bepairi and Improvement*..... Alinc*Bonee Department$2,500 15,000 ;.......639,150C H A N ^ Ritourchasersv Aim*-House—Building*andrepairs ..107.C49lady,whohadbeentheretwenty-threeyears,andhadimprisonmentandtopayafineof$1,000.Hewasmanbecausehedifferedfromothers.HedidnotwishtheMissourislaveholders,"Americacanneverbefreeboard.MayorWOODthenmadeaspeechtotheCom-ed—in Bates *. Apply to»i<l*n i*ae-bALE or>ion-square, >hird of Peer >at*l Tree* of d, in tbeim- uz'2 near ta© place* are e sold or ex- arge percent" STT, Pough-LB or "to«d adj9iairuf station, t w o t o org Mann-J.UABI/Estag two fall rlth Ou' and convenient Factory, 80 r, Shafting, ny lightmm* Co.-U2 3tb-*v.LE or to NO near the tetaring par-VpplytoK e w . y o d u . . Ji I I - -rrrr-hoards ridoacre* LAND, COUNTRY.;he*, ichooU, adapted for aiidiogs could xuit*. choiceBelgian pavement • • • • * • • •Board of HealthCharge* on arrears of taxesChare** on arrears of assessments Citycontingencie* CityInspector'sDepsrtment—Contingencies Oeomsg market*...250,000.. 35,000.. 2,000. . 2,0C0.. 80,000.. 18,COO.. 8,500..30O.0C0.. 15,000 tiiem exceedingly. The Kev. Mr. McClellan, a blind the judgment, but the Supreme Court of this Stateto be called Pro Slavery, because he was not willing so long as you keep slaves. Don't tell me of Liberty to alter the Discipline of the Church. His brother had and Slavery in the same breath." He gave a historyCleaning streetsContingencies, Mayor's officeCestiaseneie*, Controller's oSBceContingencies, 8treet DepartmentConringenors, Croton Ananduct Board.Contingencies,Law Department JPonations................................................ 30,000was unfortunate. change in d'acipline. What would be the effect ofMr. PECK said that it mattered little. The saving such a change in Missouri ? The six German Societies , clause of the rule was the final one—the words " with had grown to thirty, and the change would weakenonly say that New-York, as you know, is the greaS commercial emporium of the Western World, and that we have derived our importance, our wealth, and our population,'from our commerce; and that that com-. ,"Errorsanddelinquencies 3,000rottopreventagushofwindslammingthedoorafter^Tagging sidewalks and fencing vacant lots inhe DepartmentFire and police t e l e g r a p h . . . . . . . . . . . Interest on re»enae bondsLamp* and r^sLand* and place*.Laud* and places—Mount Morris 8qa»re Improvement.. 20,000 Zand* auxebased for taxes xnd assessments....\Ji4JL y J s V l l P w • •> • * • • • • • a * • • • i • • • * • • • • * • • • * a> • • * • • * mPrinting and adveftising fox Common CouncilFrJmtina for Department*PabHc bafidlnB*, eonatraetlon and repairs.... JCealestate, expen***........................ -^^^rt» ........................................ Itoada and avenues..........................SeJArie*—Legislative Department............flalailiis MsTirr'ir Office..'...............a....JS^Uuiee—Department of Finonoe miaiie*—Street DepartmentSalaries—-Croton Aqueduct Department JBa!**i*»—Law Departmsnt..SslarJe* City Inspector's Department.An application has been made to the Supreme Court of the State for a writ of habeas corpus, which has been refused, only two of the Judges of that Court being able to sit on the case.Church. They would best subserve the broad interestsof the whole Church, and of the slaves themselves, bynot attempting to force their views upon brethrenthroughout the Southern States. For the sake of both •And now he would say a word on the question. H e the slave and master herwas willing to forbear, and to4 </%n< T Bsdaxje*--'*^«TnT" -^ * '' ° * H e a l t hment, and the other is an action for the penalty of $1,200 given by a statute of this State passed some two years ago to any person imprisoned by any offi-made, and the motion was finally withdrawn.The Rev. IRA FERRIS said the Erie resolution. came up for them to act upon. I f they did not act upon it,abstract wrong o f Slavery. Pictures such as had been drawn were very apt to excite the public mind, but we had nothing to do with that. In the old Do-gone in your city. While here we have endeavored to reciprocate the kindness which has been every- where displayed to us, and we feel doubly grateful atJfaJarfe*—Cezi8alaries--i 1ra DepartmentSalarie*—-Board of Assessor*,.;....gidarie* CityCourts....Stationery and blank hooks..Street improvement*................... . . . 25,000 had no familiar intercourse with the pupils—that they cer of the United States for a violation of the Fu-be *stScient to satisfy such judgment*.Sec. 1. In oase any suchjudgments shall he recovered againstseat changed a t the table from a favorite one toeTound and radical Republican.w .brother say that the Erie Rule was dead. If it ever Lad been alive, it was alive yet. There were other Conferences which would act upon ityet, and vote bymercenary or selfish purposes. He reviewed severelySIR: A number of workingmen, voters in the Twen-the said corporation at any time after the annual taxes for tbey*«r 1860 shall have been levied, and before the annual taxes for had been made generally unhappy. the year next •ucceeding.sbell have been levied, the city is au-the remarks of previous speakers, who had undertaken ty-second Ward, feeling it important that prompt and to defend the sm of Slavery. He said explicitly thatthe peninsula between Delaware and Chesapeake effective measures should be adopted to bring into ac-thorized to borrow snob turns of money as may be necessary toz the payment of sueh judgments, and to issue revenue bonds of the corporation therefor, payable in W6XSection 5 of the bill contains the following jolly littlearrangement about street cleaning:A FEMALE UNION O F SCIENCE AND ART I N the YeaB and Nays. If the New-York Conference It appears that some two years ago a petition POUGHKEEPSIE.—Mathew Vasear, esq., o f Pough- should pass it by, it would derogate from their dignitywas sent to the Managers of the Institution, signed keepeie, it is Bald, has devoted a sum which will soon and influence.with the names of thirty-three pupils and inmates, de- amount to $400,000, to the endowment of a College for The Rev. 8. D. BROWN said that the fact of its not tailing certain complaints and asking for redress. This having reached the Oregon Conference in time to be petition was drawn up by a Miss Dorchester, a Sun- girls in that city. He hopes to make it a rival of Yale, acted upon, would of itself kill the Erie Resolution.Bays was inhabited by hundreds o f slaveholders,Who bought, sold, and flogged, men, women, andchildren, and yet were in full communion with theMethodist Church. II these were the brethren whowould secede, he would say " Go, in God's name, and the annals of our country, have deemed it necessary to1itb6denied,relativetotheill-successofemancipationin candidates. TheAssociationisconstantlyincreaamgJ"*!lS^^?itr^w. i!J*^ y^sreddwfultorTheiter,t*ofimpropriationprovidedforiatfaeCountvters in the instituUoa touching a music-board that he at an auction of books or-pictures. He remembers Passed by a majority of three or four. That slight ma- The Rev. Mr. GIBSON said he could gather acres offor giving a concert of blind persons, although it was through the assemblage, and he proceededalong bowing which had ever occurred. If the Conference could to during the last thirty years, bearing on the poorer ballot-box next Fall. They invite all workingmen60,000 100,000 60,000 20,000 130,000 175.000 40,000the Institution, testified to the occurrence of one of Mr. Cooper's tempests of passion at an Anniversary in tbe Academy of Music, and another in the office of the Institution, vvhen the President had called there on business.The.teachers who have recently come into the insti-tution bear entirely different testimony a s t o Mr.Cooper's demeanor. They represent him as kind and, tion failed.courteous. All the teachers nearly, however, agree In the mean time Booth has commenced two ac- that he seldom virita the class-rooms, nome say nov> tions in the State Courts against the Marshal and more than thrice ayear. Indeed, Mr. Cooper's witnesses Judge Miller. One is an action of false imprison- attempted to iustify this, on the ground that the teach-ers could do better without frequent visits frcin thehead of the Institution.in a few years, Providence would decide this question. bad been much embarrassed, at the last Conference,Let us leave it to God. The union of the Church hungupon this point. If we go more strongly against Sla- by being obliged to speak on this vexed question, andonly did so because he was fresh from the "border" very we throw a gloom over the whole Sonthern experiences of 20 years. At that Conference, he con-Mayor closed by assuring the Brazilians that he enter- tained the highest respect for them and their country. Senor BENTO JOSE DE CARV ALHO responded as fol- lows, in the Portuguese language, the Bpeech beinginterpreted by his attendant:MR. MAYOR AND GENTLEMEN: For myself and forthe officers of tbe vessel under my command I have to say that I feel exceedingly gratified in giving ex- Eression to tho grateful feelings which are called forthy the visit with which you have honored us. Allow50,000 . 23 830 lSil-OO .-... 97,000 76,000 20,000 26,750 88,500 4,250 88,500 7,000 ....8S.C0OJudge Cole was in favor of granting the applica- tion, and Judge Dixon against, and so the applica-fessed to being overwhelmed by a great and recent be- reavement^ana consequently was a weeping brother. He trustedDr. Clark would understand the explanation.Jnever known the teachers to be denied the use of the released from imprisonment on a writ o f habeasmandant Senor Bento Jose* de Carvalho. brawny a vet- < ran, of dark, Portuguese features. The Mayor said:Both branches of our City Legislature have passed a resolution and presented the same to the officers of your ship, expressive of the pleasure they have de- rivedfromtheirvisittothiscity,andtenderingtoparlor before. Ho also forbade another to speak to her scholars, except when in the eobool-room, on any subject -whatever.corpus, issued by the Supreme Court of the. State of Wisconsin—the Court holding the Fugitive Slave law unconstitutional.said that the Slavery rule, as it now stood, was too in- definite; that it favored Slavery.On other occasions Mr. Cooper has assailed these la- dies in a perfect storm of passion, so as to frightenThe Rev. W M . H. F E R R I S interrupted the speaker to say that he had expressly said that tho rule was in-The Supreme Court of the United States reversed .. 17,500 reacher in Brooklyn, was formerly a teacher in the refused to acknowledge the decision, holding that35,000 fasJitntion, and testifies to several remarkable "hurri it had authority, full and perfect, t o protect the5^000 canes of passion" from Mr. Cooper, even on the slight- 25,000citizens of the State from unauthorized seizure. Since that time the matter has rested until jasfethe intention to enslave." Nothing but a contemptibleest provocation. Another teacher states that a pupil£lecttonexpenses........................................ 20,000 coming into Mr. Cooper's office was so unfortunate as before the election, when Booth was rearrested ontheir power for good by excommunicating half the2,500 him, wnereupon Mr. Cooper became greatly enraged the original judgment and thrown into prison, 60,000 where it is said he is treated with great harshness.quibble, which would violate the spirit of the English members of those churches. He appealed to the Con- merce has been much enhanced and promoted by ourlanguage,couldmisconstruethe"rule.Thetendencyference,inalongspeech,nottodoanythingatpres-interccureewithBrazil.Wehavefortunatelyalways15,000 and abused the blind boy in a most, unaccountable man-235,000 ner. There 1B a mass of testimony by teachers and It is said that he is denied any intercourse with hisapart. In 1844, the Church stood about right on this.424,000 ex-teachers as to other similar exhibitions on the part friends, and is kept, part of the time at least, iu a 20,000 of the Superintendent. Dr. Wood, Jate President of d&rk room or dungeon.treme, and the South were driven to the other. Now, in proportion as we lost it, we ceased to be men. H e valuable consumer o f our own productions. T h eItisalsoallegedinthetestimonythatMr.Cooper.... 16,000 were not in the habit of going to him for counsel, sym- gitive Slave law. In these actions he must recover,theirvoicewouldbeunheardattheGeneralConfer- minion,hewastaught,inchildhood,theconservative thisvisitofsolargeandinfluentialabodyofthemu- ence, and they would be a nullity there. In the sub- doctrine that Slavery was an evil. The Baltimore, nicipal representatives o f the people or New-York.....12O.C00stitute offered, there was something very congenial to Philadelphia, and other Conferences all agreed on thisIt is only left for me to welcome you on board oar ship,Street•— Kepavlag and repairaSewers—impairing and cleaning... • »*••••».»». * • • * . * • • » 50,000 pathy, or advice—that his conduct toward them wa3 as under the decision of the State Court tho corn-his feelings, and had it come up disconnected from the point. Bro. Crawford said last year that niue-and I, in common with my officers, hope that your mfromdepot; Supptte*for*nccleaningpnbHcoffices... 42,000bynomeansparental,butcoldandarbitrary.Thismilmentaffordsnojustificationtothoofficercom-Erieresolution,heandotherswouldgladlygoforit.tenthsoftheslaveholdersintheBaltimoreConferencevisitmaybepleasantandagreeable.I "Water pipe*"and laying.... ''••"-;"Wells ana pomps—Bepai/mg and cleaningj*or estimated denciency ia the product of the taxes **-Frederick Law Ohmtead was called to testify on ates claim t o be Republicans. Judge Sloan re- H. Ferris's resolution cordially;8,000 239,000 lis;ooo 4,000prove that familiarity on the part of a principal or mHBterwrth subordinates impairs bis influence with them.The result of tho election for Judge of the Su- preme Court is still in doubt. Both of the candid-stand as a cipher a t Buffalo. For this reason, the substitute must be laid aside, and the Erie resolution acted upon separately. Then they would pass Bro. W .The Rev. Mr. CRAWFORD said that ho quoted that statement from a member of the Baltimore Conference.Tho Rev. Mr. POYSON—But did you not indorse it ?The Rev. Mr. CRAWFORD—I stated it, believing i t•epair;$1>M> tSons,tc 203,101workonCentralPark.Mr.Olmstead,asafriendtotion.JudgeDixonranasanindependentcandid-Dr.MCCLINTOCKmadesomeremarksinrelationtotobetrue. blood.Asaluteoffifteengunswasfired,apme^excel-£Jutl«r-»t., (Id- Apply toJI —- j . axbdu«frftHi stawisneuu, romlssloas, and correc-this point, as to the mode of governing the men at ceived the nomination o f the Republican Conven-3,000 Mr.Cooper,alsospokehighlyofhimasagentleman, ate,andsecuredthesupportofalloftheDemo- brotherponlyinChrist),inwhichthetwonameswere-.E, or tohlfB-stoop of tne low- iproremenU- &Q. 11 SlXr>ATB«, ^ 273 PMcbt*.«*E>U-tseasooed.KDle inanneu. i/.LAN B1L~$4,379,220 didCharlesL.Brace,JohnPriestiey,andothers. A TheDemocraticpartyaresolargelyintheminor- theDoctor'sprecisemeaning. SBCTXO.V. a. The Bottzd. of Snpervlsors are empowered, in case large number of pupils were placed: on the stand. Alent South American wine was drunk, a speech was madetoCommanderCaryalhobyamemberofthe press, and a very bAndsome<wmplimentary speech was madebyhiminturn;afterwhich,asteam-tugcon-Legal expenses of Special Committee of the Common VooncilonPoliceInvestigationin1855Coeotiw* K*«f, blasting and removingthe Revs. Ira and Wm. H. Ferris (these gentlemen are 20,000 and as a person eminently qualified for the post. S o cratic party and a small portion of the Republican. so peculiarly mingled that itwas difficult to understandThe Rev. Mr. POYSON—Very good. Now, I havetostatethatthereverseofthatstatementistrue.Nine-tenths of the border slaveholding members wouldgladlyfreetheirslavesiftheycould. Fromthein-formation he was constantly receiving from the border veyed the party back to Battery place, and the car- Church, he was ready to say that it was as much as riages took them to Van Tine's restaurant, in Dey the Uhurch could do to exist under the present rule of street, where they all partook of a dinner worthy of discipline. Make the rule stronger, and another divis-Total ^«f any judgments beins obtained against the city, after the pas- majority said Mr. Cooper was kind to them, but quite ity in the State that it did not even nominate a can- Tbe Rev. L. M. VMJCENT thought that, although the sage of this set, snd before the annual taxes for the year i860 are a number detailed instances of very harsh treatment. didate for that office. Erie Rule was dead, it was not yet buried, and he levied, wbleh judgments snail be founded upon claim* or debts Several had been struck on the face by Mr. Cooper's The first choice of the State for President i s wanted to bury it. After that ceremony was over, hecontemplated in any estimates or appropriations heretofore hand; othsrs had been whipped with sticks, &c.t William H. Seward. He can carry this State would vote for Bro. FerriB's substitute with a cordial made by the Common Council, or by the Board of Supervisors, heart. They wouldn't know the Btrsngth of sentimentnot provided for in any of the several amounts, by this act, or some had" been violently shaken; and still more had against any opposing candidate of the Democraticother law, authorisedto be raised by taxes, or which may have been confined in the office nearly all day on bread party by a large majority. The State, however, is in relation to the Erie Rule until a fair and square vote heen heretofore raised tax such purpose, t o include in the and water. One young lady (Miss Bugg) had been es- had been taken on it.amount of taxes to be raised for the year 1860, such sum as shall pecially ill-treated, called very Hard names, had her safe for the Republican nominee, provided be be a The Rev. Mr. SCHAEFFER waa surprised to hear histhe arduous duties of the day.another that was disagreeable, and in various ways^The appropriation hereinbefore provided and authorised, for day-School teacher. The pupils were called together Brown and Harvard. It is not to be free, but. the It was necessary, before any resolution could come be-if you don't, we'll make you I" [Loud responses of employ their time, talents, and energy in the formationi«*e eJeentog of ttreete «fasll apply ape, n : authorized agrse- privately, signified their assentto it, and their willing- fore the General Conference, that every Conference Amen, with applause from various quarters, whioh the 6,67,and«« teaentorjcontractenterediatotherefor,toranytormofyearsnot tuitionrateswillbeverylow.IntheplanprovisionwiththetesA* '.¥£Z^.V5iJ2UteHh«*^ydeclaredkwyulfortheCommonneestohavetheirnamesaffixedtoit,byraisingtheirismadeforalibrarycabinets,apparatus,galleriesoshouldhaveachancetopassuponit.Soitwasal-Bishoppromptiyrebuked.]ThiswasaquestionofaWorkingMen'sRepublicanAssociation,inorder t h a t t h e i r p o l i t i c a l a r r a n g e m e n t s m a y b e c o m p l e t e , BO that when the- crisis comee, they may be found fully armedandequipped,foremost in the ranks, laboringh a n d a . M i s s D o r c h e s t e r e n j o i n e d s e c r e s y u p o n t l i e m r e a d y k i l l e d . B u t MB b r o t h e r s a i d " L e t u s k i l l i t w h i c h c o u l d n o t . s h o u l d n o t , b e l e f t a l o n e , u n t i l t h eZ^^CtoZZnZZXZZ^V «Wtae*».forcleaningthestreetsastothemovementuntiltheManageraactedupontheart,botanicalgardens,andthelike.Ifwellcar-erf 1^eCttyof>tnr-yortc.and to which the said or kindird ap- petition. This transaction and petition, the witnesses ried out this institution may be as lasting a monumen'. too late fcr muny Conferences to act upon it, and had The Rev. Mr. KETTELL desired to read a quotationever afterward to ill-treat those who were instrumentalingettingupthepetition. HepromptlydismissedMies Dorchester as a Sunday-School teacher, and for-bade her ever coming into the house again. A teacher SIR JOSHUA REYNOLDS ON POPE.—Sir Joshua tho matter if it was not already on the record. Last occurred: Tte free West India slave will not tul tlte (theRev.Mr.McClellan)wasforbiddentowritelot- ReynoldsonceaawPope.Itwasaboutthoyear1740, yeartheProvidenceresolutionwasbroughthereandUtvy are su^ Jbflows: AMdvt^xetiijutixsiign..g. ... ••- » . . . . . . , , kJJroTnoenre'rs'stteeas*.. *••—»... 5S*»aty«co»nkrti±aMg«e.****•", • ^*£a*ftstnadDDuusmttbAj Vosa{7"<5tion e X » e n « B « . "-•">"*•• «*rie»bridge(new^--'--- ««useforthedeientt.•»<*witnessesthe mouths of crooked persons; and the muscles which Paynient of « a l e i V < „ „ „//,/,,.,.......,.....L^o^co te all thaw grew ofifeBWfl 0 f temper and. deposition. * appear like small cords.tenloans....;. "''"rr/r-sts?and cleansln*-, a. ^* *oppHe* for county office*.... 27.5Winstitution; ononesideareteachersandpupils,hadthosepeculiarmarkswhichalwaysarefoundinmTHE SLAVER ORION.—The case of the slave bark The Rev. Mr. CRAWFORD said the " Radicals" had Orion, lor several days on trial in Boston, has been'*#>•••«.-sO^COO -. SJBOO ..VOfidObeauill-treatedbyMr.Cooper,whohadlefttheinsti- tutionwadgonehometotheirfriendsinthecountry, andBOcouldnotbecalledtotestify.humpbackedanddeformed;heworeablackcoat, and, according to the fashion of that time, had on a littlesword. SirJoshuaaddsthat hehadalargeandGraymentionedwithreverence. AVOICE—OurpresidingBishophasbeentoLiberia.WillhenotgiveustheresultsoihisobservationT TheBISHOPcalledbrethrentoorder.Thedebate wasentirelyextraneoustothequestionontheaccept-sad wttaetses*feet.•• v'.'":*'* " » 30,000»S/M##*#f •«; -w**,»'>*!r.v."**?-" • " I *«SL*-r?~8*Ji.yf.APRIL 1*, 1860.not see how any one could misunderstand it. H ethought the (jonstrtwtiOn placed upon the rule by gen- about this, debate. Through one of their most distm-beingisagainsttherule'of&e Church. HOthenANDIRAFERRIS,THEREVS.KETTELL,PECK, wentontogivehisrecollectionofDr.Clarke'sspeech Conservativeswereresponsibleforit. yg ,theAnnualConferencetoconcurinsoamendingthe nicatedforholdingskives? Now,ifitwasasinto andoftheintroductionoftheErieresolution,wereits.adoptionwaaasinworthyofexcommunication.All the rhetoric expended about people owning tbebodies and souls of slaves was nonsense. The South- taken up.. *what brother would not vote for that ? He thought agreat deal of time and strength might be saved if theywould send to Buffalo their best men—men o f allstripes and opinions, in whose integrity and conscien-tiousness they could rely. It appeared to him that theGeneral Conference would take some action, and sendit back to them, which would answer the demands ofthe day. To starid perfectly still on the subject ofSlavery, with the tide sweeping all-around them, waaimpossible. He felt it so, and should speak the truthand fear not. There came to us the voice of 3,000,000 up and make an Anti-Slavery speech, with a tion. . rhuman beings from the South, wailing in serfdom and [Great laughter.] H Slavery was a relic of barbarism,Brother BROWN thought there could be a better rule than the Erie rule. An attempt was made to destroy the influence of tho Anti-Slavery men, by committingbondage. I t might be an easy thing to forget their 'twas because the negroes were barbarians; all thislove coffee and sugar, and h e was sorry to say, to change the discipline. Dr. Osbon thought thereThe invitation of the Committee of the Common . The Rev. Mr. WOOD wished the original motion to in doing—making faces at the South, and he aidu't the Brazilians in time, and they will now be unable toof the secession of the six Missouri German preachersin 1844, from the Missouri to the Illinois Conference, onaccount of Slavery, and reiterated the fact that everyGerman preacher was thoroughly against it. In rela-tended to prohibit Slavery, but that its construction tion to the Erie Rule, he looked at the effect of such a them the freedom of the City of "New-York. I canof all these controversies was to throw men further ent to further irritate the German interest.maintained friendly relations with that country, and while we have been large consumers of Brazilian pro- ducts, we have, on the other hand, found in Brazil aThe Rev. Mr. POYSON said that Feeling was the subject. Since then, the North had gone to one ex noblest distinction and ornament of human nature, andendeavor to harmonize all sides.could not see. that Bro. Ferris substantially differed much from .the Erie {resolution. Like Romulus and Remus, theyjboth derived their nourishment from theThe Rev. A. C, Foss moved that speakers be limitedto fifteen minutes each. Considerable opposition was same wolf. / A great deal had been said about tbe ness with which we have been met wherever we havedead!.. [Laughter.] Now it originated at a late hour last slave should be set free.throughout the Ward. Theee unremifcting labors are hadinvepted;andanother(alady)was reprimanded thattherewasalaneformedtolethimpassfreely J0?&1laVeexin88<*with greatereffectthananyvote justsuchstuffasthatfromthesamepaper,published undeniablycalculatedtotellawonderfultaleonthe.,.^5,000 given: without trespassing on the time or premises of to those who were on each side. He was, according some :-extent neutralize the effect o f that vote, he classes of England. He was surprised to hoar Wesley's and mechanics to cooperate with them. Their meeting-.. 22,000 the institution. A few pupils were named who had to Sir Joshua's account, about four feet six high, very thought it would be a good thing, and that could only name spoken lightly here, and The Timet and EarlplaceisatthecornerofForty-fourthstreetand Eleventhavenue;nextpublicmeetingnightisonthe 6thofMay,at7\o'clockp.m.bedonebynowvotingdowntheErieresolution.The unity of the Methodist Church Was more endangered byanattempttoenforceunityof thoughtandexpres-TheRev.GEO.F..KETTEIXsaidthattherealques- tion was as to the change of discipline, and that was at««o»ery and W*a.\hooka,v^.„t....,...,..^,.... 15.000 those who a.*e exceedingly opposed to him, andtestify I ran across the cheek were so strongly marked aa to basedon the question asto the rigMof Slavery' The25,000»-#»•*•40,000 Acompletelineofdivisionseemstorunthroughtheveryfineeye;andalonghandsomenose;bismouthsionthanbyanyotheronetbmg.' ••••w „friendly to the Superintendent, and on the other areance of the substitute resolution.pfcuone's Memoir. language of their discipline wfts ewJtiftet, and he could ' formerly been aocused o f agitation. Now the Con postponed to the 14th of May. ,Untitled Documentr^iJg^WsBKr.*.-.,.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetion in the great Methodist Church of this land was in- evitable. [Voices—That's so!]TWENTY-SECONDWARD,The Rev. Mr. WHEA TLEY made a speech, calling foran appeal for a rule prohibiting all elaveholding for To**#Editor<(f TtuF. Y. 7W*ww.had eervatives bad become agitated, and 3oa4. broughtme also to return to you our thanks for the great kind-•tive service all the political resources which they, hi view of the coming political contests unprecedented in consideration of their time and means can afford, and inHHH lt 13069""—•Tims!*,,—a.Fuon NewYork1 •-'.www.fultonhistory.com' rv:M--_._: • :• .«*': 