 10NEW YORK HERALD, THgR^!_AgRgL_261 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.^IMPORTANT FROM ARIZONA, [ p .Pr«fUUa»leoTinment For-.«- - « -' J^ertOmftieTterrito%ryofAartaeoeaeaa:^a-a*daBllcertimoaitnoael.areeeetrtlddaorpenalacJoaawhich shallhaveoriginpriorTM excitementitconsequenceofUM-«««wmceinentthatthe speaking, it to seldom or never that a rr.spectableandmo'etrespectedcitizens—Mr.ThomasW.Thome. He diedyeaterdayathtoresidencetothtoany. Mr.Tnorne0T~. AJU20KA GO**atrOMTm*C9. Treses,Art***, ^prti*, ^(heorgaarxationofaprovatioaalgovernmentunderthe personiscalledapontousehto fists. £—mwerecoBatitattoa la say of the courts of the Te-rttory of New steamship VarderbUt, whti waa to have Bailed front it otherwise, how many matvidnala are tbere in, Mexico,tbailheproaecntadintheaaoaaofUMprovisional Southamptononthal^Utteat,,withnewaoftheBayem tentbousandwhocouldwithstandthe»'saultsofabully W'.spresidentofttwNationalFireInsuranceCompany," " " ^ a* With fct tows of » • » Itoiooaball aothetmTtoe S n y e r a » » d B^mmM » J j f «•THB rTaTWfi*OTB' HOAX OM THB PITBXI0-TH1 RoltaV^x auniTwTHBomr. L»ateveningtneaaetropoUawaathro-afcatoafeverofto pctet cot frnncw and alrones-*«-d aTJ aosslbto Infor ! saatton with rraped ta traosactioris on the tart? Olndlw would we see all ancient Engltob exercisei revived-ara_ ery, fatoOBry,gymBnatlos—but,wlUtrespecttor.rizn ftgbtirg, we will mamtain that, If It ever had a aar__mg cra use,It is acustom nowoutof date. TV_tteallrOBITUARY*»••»»»'.W.Tharne,art9«w York. Weregie*,toaanrvawai thadeathotoneofoiTH* Bvtt«ah Yacht.Btm BW AM-BB »om cow-.-HI* noosr-^...v.*5?»*J—notPAH-BXL,waBOwVmay be sued P*" .ffe^aBeagaTof government,a*marbeseedgcvera ** Jdrecovered*the aia» of tbe provtsaaaal gcveraThe y * * t Magnolia setted yesterday at BOOB for Cowan. Atweton*hoarprevioustoberdeparture a ofInebAmericancitizensembarkedonboardtheiJames A- Stevens, wbo bad determined en giving th* Magnoliaaaeseertoatoftheharbor. Tbayanonan. pr jacked the yacht, aa she toy s i bar anchorage hi ttw North river, and having get the a steppedoaboard,whereSirHenryBeeeher,the(oveinnxnt of the Territory of Arizona. and Hcenan fign», bad been intercepted off Oape Raon simply because the bMttes of Sayers and Heenan had kept and had bald that office for a number of yearn ****** Tbesuits pending to the aaurt at Meaflat tohatfana- by thai ewa yacht of UMAaaoatoted Praaa, and thehttei. op In the land a knowledge of '"die noble art of self de- tattwseventy fourth year af hto age.4rt«<;yaBaeeaced «**» ""p*<*7 .* Arizonawereeoa-He waa/ 0 a r t ^ o p - ^ / ^ ^ ^ :rtrnnlatw. tb . eerabUsbaseat °*%VOTWOMJ govern-Itappearaaomewideawahe aharpe» bad P ^ * ^ » one B*>cbt stab another, amid Uie raptures of a bettingaad Intelligent of th e many brave mtoatoaartoa of tbe Roman Catholic Church. Bvartote Regis Hoc, to whose birth we refer, entered ttw ecdestasucal ranks at a veryregret tbat they postponed their final visit aa long. H e then gave ttw beorntary orders for bnvag the yacht order way aa soon as possible, and forthwith invited the company to the aaJaon of the Magnolia, where all ktoda of da'aty aad tubatantiai refreshments awaited them, b> ail cr whtoh ample justice was done. Captain McMarray proposed the health of 8ir Henry Beeeher, to* &*#*" fentdtoUiejurMdlctionofUMpropercourtof thatTerrl-A<UpU+-Af+*« «/ '« FfrT^~Year wisely rtt^ •»< l »f l *»d * a * ^ b*B tf- fixed. A provtawa la made for taking a caatua banr pat to, metropollf cb the qyi t»«»c tenrnUn, newn_TM one altcgetb' r . Wben Boctoty wan, In earlier ages, at war»,it. u»>l b«ccweco-p, „ _ . dtoeocraged by the mmace for UMappcintmeat of Jodgea aad otaar offlsaraMLUIK^ a«gi««*of Osagr,^ ^ ^ , ^ f — o i - ^ a i by UMGovaraor. -., t , harard, •« secure '.*>»> far- cmmtitt uoa—uow AMWDTD.T "ja of Tha LegBllature, wbeoever iwo^tbirdB of •*«V«",»*> it* preset t •* *.mvatarr ,stated with tha cMxeaaof shall deem h neosarary, may ^ P J ^ * TM ? £ \ f *?a>st«ro i'tzon* , who srr tb« ooratrtatioa, which proposed * » « * • £ • * • * * * • t„<X the ttnx and aaged i d UM dalv auhtisha* la aome newspaper at least sixtyttr.yabevdav^ibg was virtually total, did not men learn pistil viewtofiUhtopceketatUMaxpanaoof a wedntoon pub- nrsettee without seeing their fellow beings snot downinTieasurer,Marsha),threeDistrictJadges,Attorney trip,returnedhomethismorning,andmostoftheother General, and Prosecuting Attorney for each district.Wett Kent and Waiwlckshlre have been closed against collect motey in England; but there was someuitng at tbe the prize fighters, and, ti f e Home Office and the local back of the going to England. He said they had a perfect authorises be really in earnest, a signal blow may be right lo act aa they had done, and had yet to learn that PUurkagainsttheruffianlyanddemoralizingpracticesof hemasttakeayardsticktoAndoutbowmanyfeetbe mi ring. But it must be emphatically urged that tne mutt go to find a Christian. He would collect money"affair of honor" will be investigated, If Trumpone U able to leave hto room.PoliceImtelUaence*RAIITKB FAST AND DZCIDELT COOL—Louis Samson, an Eogliah lad, about eighteen years old, waa arrested by officerWto'.rinrbam. of tbe Second precinct, yesterday on a charge of obtainiug goods under fa se pretences under the following circumstances Tbe prisoner, it ap-himself srrongtt these gentlemen of permanent Western Investments, and so returns to hla old business, which h e understands much better than Western lan^aor tewn lots.MissPetit'8readingatDodworth'sro'-mr.wb'chhaa beenannourced saccmingtflontbe87th,has beenun-avoidably poatponed until Ihursday evening. May AMajor R Sanjarasena, and Car. Uin L Buelta, both from Madrid, are atoppingat tbe Brevoort Bouse.The Legialitire s expressly forbidden to levy a direst aax upon the people of the Territory.The da/ of election for county offisers, members of the l>gisiatare, 4» is axed for th* tirst Manday in May next Tbere s a o prorkiion la the constitution for aubsaittio* Itdelegates have also departed. The oonatttution take« ellect without being submitted to the people, which i< greatly to be regretted, aa American citizeas always yield to an act about which they have bean consulted, however much they may have been opposed to It originally. A proclamation for the election of couaty officers will berecognizances should be fixed as high as the law will par mil, MBC*If there are, as the sparling oracles allege,ao biemcn willing to open their park* to the pug.lisUc mob, an escheat of £26 or £50 aterltng will be of little avail to dtier the abettors of ao outrage upon the Issueo' whichfrom any person who wss willing to contribute to support the preaching of a full and free gospel. He bad a ptr'ect right to get money where, when and how be plea-ed, he would set at defla&ceftfie church, bo would set at defiance the trustees, and be would set at defianceto a v le of tbe people for approval or rejection. The made in a fev daya, and after the election, which takesJudge Pruden, of Cincinnati, and J. B Peabody, Esq , immense sums will probably be staked. L«t us bope. any church on Uie face of tiod's earth toprevent her from peared, wee in the employment of Messrs Sickles k and wife, of Salem, Mass., sre (topping at the Pi th Ave-committee supposed the delay which moat necessarily place on tha first Monday in May nrox., the Territorial actio* soch a course would prove a Sufficient excuse for aad local government aill be thoroughly organized.moreover, that tbe arrest of Heenan wilt be lollowod b> collect)! g mun/y for the acpfort of tha church, aad spend- that of Sayers, as it Is Important that no Bus ing It l>rw tP pieared.the Convention taking anal action, and it is important to •ec ire a speedy organization, ic order to eatabhah la*, rea-.eand harmony Tbemeasurewould be apprively a majority, if submitted to the people, and a3 a provi-sional geverswent most be supported with entire unani- nounced that on Tuesday evening, April 21, there wouldpicion of partiality should aiiae, and thai, both in Mr. PIIKIKS raid tbe meetlrg seemed to be get-America and in EbglanJ, a ciear uadc.-sundiog ting a little wide of tbe mark. Much bad been said sent bim for a certain set of jewel-^. Mr. Borgman, stopping at the New York Hotel.should exist that, by the tews of a civilian itbimttbereaoluUons offered thatevening, batno one beUeviEgbisatatemtnttobetrue,bandedbimagoldpin, F.Chllds,Esq,ofPrinceton,N J,tbelandscapepain country, a custom so atrocious and disgusting will no oad said they were either wise or prudent, and even bracelet and set or earrings, valued at $02, which tbe ter, Is stopping at the Dey street House.longer be tolerated We have put down duel*, and wc (be mover8 themselves had acknowledged they P'ite ner spprnpriat. el to his own use. Samson did nit Hot. T. Ewtig, of Ohio, and Hon. J P Poolittie, ofm ty m Aider to prove efficient, it la to be regretted that the popoter voice *lll have no opportunity of declaring trsei T, eaaeptlng as rtfiect-;d through tbe delegates to thisCon\ taboo.manacs did not lie. The weather was exceedingly favor uzder the paiiousg* cf a riff raff medley, stsle thernselrei- they hid known tbere would have been so much angry able for witnessing the celestial phenomenon, the sky champions, fight on some Baltic lelam or'tterman baich dirci teion excited by tbem.b e i n g c l e a r a n d b r i g h t , w i i h b u t a f e w d a r k c l o u d s h e r e i t t b e y w i l l ; b u t l e t n o t t h e d e c e n c y o f E n g l i s h m a n n e r * I ) r HART s a i d h e w a s c o n v i n ; e d o f t b e w i s d o m a n dafternron, and net ccming to work yesterday, Messrs Hon. J H. Reynolds, of Albany. Major General Towu- Sickle* & Klirg brgan to sespect tbat he ba 1 be«n robbed srrd of A.bany,and H F Howiand, Esq , oi Hondulu,a r e s t c p p l i g a t t b e S t N i c h o l a s H o t e l .Tbe ( toweiL or elect, whom l Ora*. met in August, 13o9,IIAHMR—BJthetimejoureceivethatIahtllhiveleftthi* Ciuutbejs.Esq,ofToronto,andHLrSaod-raon,Esq,axteaarve xtoMs,ami waiiM subject *ftsub-diviaiona aa the a»uatry ftlla up.remarks.Motion carried unanimously.ferred a complaint against James L. Connor and Henry L<ck, of No. 46 Bowery, for a similar violation of the Sab- bath, and tbe arcceed were required to give ball to answer.The aojVduie dealgnedis aoooaapat/theproviajdnalWard'snilta a verytonga,by docngcent; bat I wffl ronUre to girn aa AbatxactofJtatondto.faatnrej,aaitataad.,attarUMamaadmeata a * e h ptwrjadad iat 4nal •*W**^n> • "tbewcautuuoa, wasprepared in toogreatJ»ste.and ahaafleixsoftheMarmara " hMM been ameaieu' with little care aa to one, clear-, iogicacontrary,we douM whether,atanymevwaaperiodmailing Jt wiU ae observed that many of tae pn.»tstonaof aha acheduie an' quoted aa tbay occur in UMosigvinal.City aTewa.the blast with planka, as prescribed by tow. On Tues- day the prisoners neglected to cover a very heavy blast, wben a portion of tbe rock was discharged Into the air8rjsai>n—Jostice Whitley, ot Hoboken, yeaterday held at UMHudnon and Delaware new docks, lying at the aveaItcoaaaaansaatbyfwencriblngUMfollowing formsVf ofWeehawken. FromUMtestimonyandtheappearaaen 1 officers under the provisional can of UM body there remained no daabt aa to UMact of suifriends, recommending, among other things, that a regattashouldbegotuptoascertainwhowaattwcham- severalhundredfeet,anddirectlyagainstthesideofaTIM cii<ie«afUMOfflosr«ara<Jeflnad and tbetrsalareC h i n a . and with noma napattenoe, awaiting their arrival.Onthe1stofAugust,1818,therewanbornatToulouse, He welcomed theparty la tbemost oordtol in Franaa, a child deatined to be oaw ofttw meat intrepid shaking each one warmly by the hand aaditbecomm*netngoftheLegislature. -mTM— The time for botorng the flrst electioa for couaty offioerawh^ affairtoriMdoattoboabaldand ' « ^ ^L wtth Itself every gentleman was cimpelled to learn fencteg;but wentbere connoisseurcirclesformed inwhichway —Aboa' Btx o'ctook teat evening, Juat aaear buaineBB ^ ^ forhoWfag UwdeBbeTBttonsof IwtCetocUoBfor repreaaaWeafartlMCcaav.jeration men, mecbanta and mechantea,were returning Homeand ruffianism, unredeemed by a tingle softening or miti- vast empire. H e closely studied ttw religious doctrines which tbe Baronet responded withouttt«ei'tiwoca,tadev«narrangedttiareatoofrepr*- atthaMcaleandItshallbethedutyoftbeSeveralra«*t*tto'J•«****••'fcourse,whichtoftWaateraArt nUhVo^*ra7»»thenextelectto.whMhmha.1bethen Itemboatoeaa;printedaotieeawerepostedbysomean-gatingelement.Church of the Puritans, Union square. Mr. George H. White, one or the deacons of the church, was chosen Chair- man.Mr. I D . Henry Smith then moved the following pre-ofttwpeople,aadobaervingthattheprincipalinspire tutting htoregretat beiag anderttwttonaortbttr creedsseemedtoemanateframtheGrand of leaving NewYork forthe fifth time,Iamanesqoe matUottons of Thibet, h e conceived the bold informing hto guests thai tbe present vhtt to New York,Meaofvisitingttwinterioroftheoountry,andevenpene-trating to tbe great city of Lha 8aa, where tbe Grand whlcb was bis filth, should not be hto last, as be eonti-Lama of Thibet lived. Wtth M.Gabet, another missionary, dercd New York almost as Irtob city, aad its people de-holdeo, to opaa poll for, and make a retorat to, UM Secre r*»a sa aceaeidernr/}# .tnortty Meanwhile, UM>pro- tar?afState,ofallthose wt»have vOiadonBuchproy«et had few frten/ _ _ tAto It waa generally noaed amendments;and if, therefore, it ahell appear tha. regarded aa io direet cor (hot with the a majority of aU the cJlaMlM of thia Territory votingLegwiatura, afcall, after soch etoction, ratify UM same amendments by j eaaand na> 8, tbey shall be considered valid smewdmenta.ommcaa AOABST THI raovisioaAioovBajriiErrIf any pertoo, either a citizen or transient person, wrurahcown party, on all UM newrpaper bultotitis down town, announcing UM arrival o f UM VanderbUt, and stating that "He full particulars af the great fight betweeta Sayara ar. d Heenan would b s found in an extra, which would b etatDr*Ctoeever's Oztmreaa,A torge meeting of the members of Dr. Cttoever's ohnrch waa held last night in tha lecture room of thafor rtprewaiaarvaaliava vatad in favor of such proposed *•• United mt.M, aa Impracticableam amendmania,andtwotblrdaofeachSouseofUmnextand Sandadebtemba, a converted native of rather dubiousChristianity, be undertook ttw tourney. Rfc wanderingaof Ova years' duration h e h a s recorded in hto "Voyareen Tartaric, le Thibet, et la China, pendant lees anneee18*4,1845 et 184«." Tbto waa published to various toncidedly Irish to point of hospitality to suang«re Hto for- mer visits to New York were made from Qaebce, wben be waa etatioced tbere as an efficer ia UM Brttith army, and he always admired the eity because of the enterprise of its citizens, which was chiefly lnstrum»atal la raisingMB OfBtCCUBt _ f _mm Mipc^ro, W y« " " « ' ••'d powerless to carry o*i Uwprovtotona of ttsr»e law*, i^kgiv^ *«, 1€Biw>U» Crwventton from •W*i*rn Arizona to pro f t t m the aame of the peopleIssued at aeveBO'Cork."iM course this <!ocomeBt** h e tmpeetfbi MJ of ratoiag aa adequate_ * _ . . ^~w—«ag-neralsatlalactlcn, and eapecially to tnoaawbo have a tafia for the P R . .«j a t t the estebiishmt* t ^ , n y government (pr rvteloBal that territory, efcaa levy war, or cansptro to levy warK*EIKnaatbeU:ckwasdiscovered byUMnewspaper pnpneiora the bllto making the aaaouncement wetn fortbwita removed, but too late to prevent the bogus extra irem gettlcg an enormoos circulationtravels been written to which, while utterly free from It to tbe largest republican oay In the world,egotism, t b e author h a s given b i s readera auch and one whtoh can creditably via, hi manyre-an insight into hto own character. No one can read ba spects, if not to all essential points or grandeur,«. eitaexwtie) In ooatir cd !*utee.i with the oaaautotaa at the Catt-ngainat UM same, or shall in-any way give aid ia resisting theofficers in executing the laws adopted under the consti- tution of the provisVooal government of the Territory ofThe Convention racharming narrative without gaining an accurate idea of the character of Ute writer himself. Pcus seal, simpli- city and a delicate sense of humor are the distingasbtcg features of hto style. Certainly few men have beea•mbled yeaterday mo—.tog In Too-sen aid eommeireeo ns (JeiiUratK'BB. There arethirty- Arizona, either upon confession in open court, or by the mo members,allof ahonkarepreeeat*rrepreeaatedby tcstimoBjaftwoormorawitnesses,suchpersonshallbePrompt at the hour of seven o'clock the "extra," or a sheet or paper 14x20, wrth UM following flaming captionwithanyotherdty ortbeuniverseof which tberetoany reliable record. (Applause) H e liked New York, aad would, therefore, certainly pay tt another visit—thankedThe Oceveutk— » Jes. A. Lucas, of of rabac, aad 6. f/aa orpnized by the appototmeat of Ueatlla, aa PreaMeut. T. M Turaer, 1. Oury, of Tuotoa, were elected Seere-adjudged guilty ot treason, and shall be pun*hei by fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of the Court.Tha final clause of Um schedule ia In relation to military affairs, and details the militia aystem which shall prevail tbroggbont the Territory. It providea for four regimen's of trn companies each, duly officered. These new militiapf ared:—KXTCA.iRRivit or ran VA>PKRBILT AT OAPB RACB. PPSTUL RSPORT OF THB OEKAT FK3BI. r.KXAT MCTncMaTiT nt THB nnto ABD ABOUT rr.in Great Britain to the charitable ano benevolent for auch placed la a more perilous situation than M Hue. the gentleman who proposed hla health, and then drankthe health of all hto guests, individually aad collectively. Captain MCMAHOB responded to the toast offered by Sir Henry, and on behalf of all preaeat boretestimonyto tho pleasure whkh they enjoyed while it was then* good far-tone to associate with Sir Henry Beeeher. H a hoped b e would bave a pleasant voyage to Cowes. and n aafe passage from thence to bis native ton4lthe "Emerald late." HehopedbewouldaeonvisitUMmetropolisof the New World again, and coaclened by offering as a toast " TheCommerce ot Ireland "At the oxtemiarHe explored, with limited means, a part of tha world that h a d hitherto been almost totally unknown to Ute Western world. -He examined into the mysteries snd ceremonies of a religion probably older than Chris, of the itamtou there aaeaaed bU'e Ukeli-h i od of her n.or •t. The delegates from Waatarn Artzona officers, added to our already formidable regiment af IBB Ba-mcu BOT vicroniorjB i r m A BAUD FOUGHT BATTXBw e e taken co' apletelj by aurpriae waea a propoattWo titled gentlemen, will sapply Arizona with a protectiveellered by DW of the "oonsairatera" frotn Meeillawas forcesufficientto repel anyordinaryinrarrecticn,withMOf4ed, •> lb i effect that the members of the Convention out enrolling mea to fill the ranks.be required 1/ take aa oath to support the coostixuti >n o f Oapt. R 8 . Eaell, cemmandant of Fort Buchanan, whothe felted ••fates. Tola was daae, howerer, and tbe arrived in town to-day, bringing home the little gtrl who CBAIIXBGX ACCKFTBD ABB MOItBT POSTED ON THB SPOT. the same of the church is used to elicit charitytrouble waa stow supposed to be ©ear, sa tbe raapeotabte baa been for seme alxteen days in captivity among the FIGHT BSTWBB1I CHARiaY LTHCH ABD YOUNG 8HAW POeV- from abroad to go Into the bands of Individuate who gentlemen ' ompoeing tne (onreation could scarcely be Indians, visited the Convention to day, and waa invited POKSD THROrGH IBTEnFBnnSCB OP THB POLICB. hold It Independently of the society, who may use it to supposed t apaAle of deliberate perjury A oommlife of to a seat oa tha floor ot the house. He hat been onered The extra went on to state that the light came off on UM promote their own views or Ute views of a party In the at vfn war appalatad by UM chair to report a consiuuuon from New Mexico with hat troops and It will be diffioul; 16th or April, BBspecially atreed, and then went on pre- society, therefore,At tbe opening of the sesnon thia mornlag it was evl-deit that ibeae arguments had been gravely considereday tbe opposition, who were m w prepared to vote for•be oons ntuuon and organise tbe prwvisKma) govern me ntv»bub they had been tent by Urair constituency to oppiee.The eonaWntlon w a s coesidered, section b y section,amended and altered, there being a determination toznaae it as perfect sa possible In tbe few honrs to be de-leted to so importact a subject. Tbe following abe.rtctaf Ma kadlng provisions, together with tbe preamble and Comptrcller—J Howard Welis, of Tucson seetion 1 tatlre, will daubUess prove Intercsting to yourread era.sure that the untoward result will have no effect in diminishing bis friends I t must b e recollected that his opponent was a 20.ti. heavier man, and we are inclined to think that there are few, if any, fancy men in tha P. R ,at tbe present day, of bts own welgbt, would stand a cbanre with him.'The ercttement which the result of this mttcb w i'l create In tbe public mind will naturally enough ba as exChristian faith, and the moat adventurous and practicallynee'ul traveller of the present century If real bardwork in tbe cause to which be devoted bis lie be conside red, be dceeives special honors from his church, farmore than those bo'y men wboo Uvea bave been spentto passive piety hi tbe cell or convent It is a happy circuDDStsnce for the reading world that be could separatetbe priest from the traveller, ths missionary from theexplorer, and could leave us works in whlob his remarkable beautiful. discoveries and statements are not buried among tb»We, tbe people of Arieons, in order io forma govern- aaeat, establish Justice, irsure domes'.'.c tranquillity, and provide tor be common defence, do ordain and establish able ooastrtntion—provided that this constiintira shall re- main in force till Congress shall organize a Territorial go-vernment, sad no longer.Hec 1—Art 1 That there shall be, and hereby la, cre-ated for Arizona a provisional government, which said government snail be divided into three separate and dls. •met departments, viz:—Legislative, execaUve a n d juJI •MlTbe boundaries of tbe Territory are the same proposed •BY Arizona in the bill before Congress, compri&iog an area of over 90,000 square mites, whicn are divided into tour oouaiiea for local purposes.tbe israhouses are styled Senate and House of Repre centativas, aad are limited to neatIons of no more than shirty days. The members are elected for one year. The apper bouse consists of nine members, the lover of eighteen.masa of re)gious platitudes tbtt render so much of the literature of missionaries of but litile interest to those outside of their own church —PottColonel JAMZP MONROE, tbe tbird son of the late Hon. Benjamin llonroo, dlea at h's residence to Frankfort, Kettucky.of consumption, on the morning of tbe 23tb Inst. Color el Monroe commanded a company of Kentucky volunteers at the memorable balUe of Bueoa Vista, on tbe 22d and '/Sd of February, 1847, and afterwards repre- sented Frank) n county in tbe Kentucky Legislature.American etliaana acqeire eHgiMliry ta any office in the gift of the people by a residence of six months, and be- aome votera altor residing within the Territory thirty Hays.resolution protesting against the movement was adopted by acclamation —Be It resolved, by the delegates of th e people of Ari- zona in Convention assembled, That we earuestlv and particularly protest against the removal of any Unite*!Statestroopsnowstationed nArizona,orthebreakingup of any United States military posts now established ia said Territory, and particularly do we protest against th i removal of fort Fillmore upon the Rio Grande and ForiBuchanan at the bead of the gonoita, aa tbe citizens o tboce portioaB of tbe Territory are left entirety withoit protection and exposed to the depredations of hostile Indians who infest that region of country.and certainly deserves, to do UM State some service at Sing Sirg.Tha Vacderbilt sailed from Havre on tbe 18th Instant, and would touch at Southampton on the 19th. and will b? lully due at this port on Sunday morning._______________The Great Inttrnatlonal Fight.SAYBKrt AND HKKNAN—PUGILISM AND PLUCK. [From the London Telegraph, April 0.]"We have the beat reasons lor congratulating ourselves upon the fsct that, at length, t h e authorities have inter- ioted to prevent the savage aad te-ibeoaae display withciety to take any action whatever relative to sail appeal for pecuniary aid, nor any action relative to any ruoda tbat mey have been, or that mayyetbe,receivedin answer to tbat appealResolved, Tbat In adopting the foregoing preamble and resolutions, w e make no declaration as to tbe wis.looi of tbat Bpr«al, b u t leave that responsibility eatirely with tbose by whom It baa been voluntarily assume.!.Mr. GIIBVRT then read a number of statement!! affi- davits be called them, to prove that certain members of the congregation bad been conspiring not only for the re- moval cf Dr. Cheever, but bad been spreading raise andasolcVr of 1812, snd was ste ioned at Sandy Hook. H« wss a bale, heartv and jolly old man, aad waa never sick in his life until after the late town election. He took coll a' tbe polto and returning home was oonfloed to his bouse and died eight Jays alterwards. He was eighty-nine yeari> old.Hen. WitxtiM C. A LAWEFNCE, late Speaker of th? Hcuse ot Repretentativea of Penaay Ivania, died at hla resUence in Harrisburg, on Sunday morning. His disease was censuxeption.Another alTair o t Honor i n Vlrglnta.A correepondeBos took place teat seek ia Richmond between Mr. Joatoh Trumpone and Mr. G. L Bloomer,o! which Uie following Is an exact copy :—MR. TRIMPONK TO MR. BLOOttKR.FIR—You bave alandered me, and I want satisfactionzonal aggrandizement.It is due to tha members of UMConvention, however,he thought Dr. Cbeever might be worse eff than preaching over Heeien n£5G, aad two securiUea in £26 easb, to In suite church In the gocd city of Boston.choose, and in any place. You can be at Uie bone factory House, corner of Broadway and Twelfth street, ia Una en Saturday evening, and I will be tbere to see you, or at city. Mr. Tucker retired aome yeara Bince from the Tre- any time before. G. L. BLOOMER. moct Houte with a fortune, with which he entered largelyto state that a direct vote waa not had on the last reaota-keep the peace for six months. There are in eveTy coun-ty cf li.fiatd persons who, sympathizing with a brutaland degrading sport, would gladly become reeponalblafor these amounts. If, however, the magtotratea could gonofurther,ttistobehopedthat,onebyone,or,asnearaa potsible, simultaneously, every bench la tbe kingdom statement of bis efforts in behalf of tbe church, and stii Bloomer. He waa before the Mayor on Monday, a i ' not reach their money again, tbey bave been obliged to will Issue the necessary warrants Already East and he bad put hla band to some paper authorizing a lady to gave bail for bis appearance oa Friday next, when th turn tbeir energiea to something else. Mr. Tucker findsligence ^irgTapbed to this dty, all af whmh, of oonraa,fence?" Aswe,'', mightweall leanitocheatataaraatoordertobeaw^sichforaharpers. Thepretenoolaarates Death of Abbe Hne, tlan Traveller la manly owner, wan found, pacing the poop deckla fixed for tbe flrst Mooday in May next aad• Pf*;lBtoa order . T 7 « ^oount of the "ntterawdtonal « ^ ^ | mob,, in order to keep up Uie spirit of the people i WhenHe, aad be managed hts teheaae to adroitly that tt turned txonotctnU arena*? The Romans conquered tbe world early age. When bat twenty six years okt he waa or- out to be a perfect suocean before there was a single gladiator In the circus. So sJao. dained a priest, and tea week from the time of htoordi-AHthe members of tbe Convention attached their signs si flickntly testifies He did his heat to win, and we areturcs to tbe charter of the new provisional government with tbe exception ot one, who opposed it under instruc- tions from his constituents.After tbe Inauguration of the Governor, L S. Owing*, of Meaills. be announced the following official appoint- ments unuer the constitution, viz:—The Msrnolia w a s in view of th e steamships Persia and Quaker City, ard many otber craft, all tbe way out or tbe harbor, and the scene preeeated by all waaLieutenant Governor— Ygcacio Orrantia, of Meeiila.traordinary as unparalleled. For tbere cannot bo tw o upon said appeal; aad whereas auch efforts to probideSecretary o f Si ate J a s A Lucas, or Mesilla. Territorial Treasurer—M Aidrfcsb, of Tucoon.Marabai- Samuel G. Baan, of Mesilla.Attorney General—Benjamin F. Neat, of Gi'a C.ty. Cbtef Jurtiee—Graavil e H Oury, Tuc»on DtstrutJudget—Samuel W.CozztnaandEiwarlG.MoGowan.All th.se officers were duly commissioned, as were aiao other officers of m nor Importance.Tbe rfcent action of tne War Department, In ordering the abandonment of our most essential military posts an i tbe withdrawal of tbe troops to otber localities, ia exop n o e s but that the great international match just con- cluded, will not be viewed a s battles heretofore, o f mere personal or local inert tt, b e t most positively in ana tional light "Pa'mam qui meruit feral.''Tbis bogus extra was so masterly written, using tbe mtistpolishedP.Rpbrasfology,thatitwascilcnlate'l to, and did deceive, many wbo are experts in piglliatic matters.By eight o'clcck hundreds of newsboys were selling these extras all over the city; hotels, barrooms and other public places were visited by the newabovs; tbe papers restiity sold at six cents each, until, it is supposed, up- warils'ot thirty thousand copies bad been disposedof.funis for such objects as bave bten avowed by these brethren, are manifestly, not an undue interference w.lh any rights or prerogatives of the Trustees of the Society, snd are no more objectisnable as creating a monetary power, dangerous to the independence of the church and society, than the tffotte of tbe oastor snd others to raise lutes coulee tbe congregation, to liquidate debts, which once a n d sgain have threatened s e rions damage to tbe society, nor than the ncbic offer which our late treasurer, Charles Aber- nethy, Esq , is ULdcrrtcod to bave once male, that be would, if necessary, sustain the church entirely from hlaFAIIH B. POVAIAB died on the 17th Inst , at Big Pond. Resolved, That tbere Is now no occasion for this so- Fracklin township, Bergen otranty. New Jersey. lis wasPeraonal Intelligence.Secor Pacbecn, Spanish Ambassador to Mexico, a a d Elite Senor d e Zea Bermodez, La Beronne d e rtegatera, cf Madrid, Spain, are occupying apartments at the FifthAveune Hotel .Lieut Robert B Riell, of the United States atoop-of warPortsmouth, which hss been for the last twelve month* trgsgtd in suppressing the slave trade on the weet coast of Africa, rernrned home on dcty an first lieutenant of the sloop of war Vincennes, will leave in the steaawhip Are- go on Saturday next, 38th i o s t , for Southampton, thence via Cadiz, to report for doty on board t h e steamer S e n Jacinto, to rejoin UM African squadron. B e to stopping at the Fifth Avenne Hotel.Hon. E D. Holden, of Milwaukee; Dr. M W. Dtckeaon, of Philadelphia; J. W. Britten aad tody, of San Franctooo. B. M Tbonepson, Etq , of Chicago, and G. D Scull, Esq , of Philadelphia, are stopping at the Lafarge House.Hon. C. P Wooteott, of Ohio; ex Governor Holtoy sad family, ot Connecticut; W. Wbltmg, or Boston: Judge Fmott, of Pougbkeepeie, aad James Y ou g, Esq., aad family, of Scotiacd, were among the arrivals at tbe St.Nicholas Hotel yeaterday.Profertor Foey.of the Roytl aeteorotegictl Observa- tory at Havana,to in the city. Beto on bis way to Paras- end Mac rid, with tbe view of observing tbe eclipse of the aun to cmae off next summer Wr- also learn that he la commissioned by tbe colonist authorities of Cuba to con- sult tbe heme government, and to solicit tts aid to behalf of tbe observatory, for the purpr.se o f baring tt et large 1snd improved, and also to assist to etUblishlng several ether observatories In different parts of tbe island.tremely unpopu ar with all our citizens. Tbe following Tbe tellow wbo perpetrated this outrage Is in a fair way,own private fortune: andThe leguUeiive power extends only to "ail rightfulacbjectsof legislation coaaiateai with the provisions of A resolution was adopted endorsing tbe present admin which society haa been threatened by the man Heenan's n.alicioiis reports about certain members of Uie Churchthe conatitnUon of tne United States, and not inconsistent iatration, which clashes considerably with the above. Itchallenge to the English pugiliat, Sayers. It Is indeed cf tbe Puritans.with thia constitution.''Tne present existing laws of New Mexico, as far as conattest with the provisions at this constitution, are de- clared in lull force aad effect until such time aa the provi- BJocal Legislature af tbe Territory cball alter, amend or repeal them.The executive aatherity ia vested in a Governor, the first of whom ta made elective by the Convention. He holds his seat for one year, and ail subsequent elections are to be mada bv tbe people.The Governor is invested with an absolute veto power ever an and every act of the Territorial Legislature, from which there is no appeal He la made Commander-ln-Ghief of the militia; may grant pardons for offences tion. It was forced upon the Convention wi'.h a series r<r af «iatt tbe laws of the Territory, aad ia otherwise in teat others, near the close of the session, when all weread with the usual authority ot executive officers. H« Is anxious to get through. Mr. Douglas had many warm also empowered to appoint, by advice and consent of the friends In the ConvenUoa, aad not a member of it, In-Senate, a Lieutenant Governor, who shall succeed to the cluding the mover or the above resolution, fully endorsed duties of the office of Governor in case of a vacincy by all the sentiments it expresses.death or resignation. He Is also Invested with the ap The delegates from Mesilla, who had chartered an entra pointment of a Secretary of dta;«, a Comptroller, a coach of tbe Overland M»il Company expressly fa* thaniatge that our contemporaries should, one and all, bave neglected to call upon the magistracy, to the eaer cse of its legitimate functions, to adopt Uie measures prescribedbytow,but,atall events,ouroriginalsuggea non has been adopted, and articles of the peace baveMr. ABHOZTHY said as hto name bad been mentioned by Mr. Gilbert, be was, he supposed, on trial He had beard that aome one had said tbey believed he (Mr. Abar- cttty)tadraid,aboutthree years ago.be wouldsup- poit Dr Cheever and the Church of tbe Puritena even ifis as follows:—Resolved, That we have entire confidence In tbe wise,Englishmen m ay retain their leanrtetton for tadtvidoel aatton waa on hto way to tbe mtoalm at Macao. Arrivnd It appears that ttw twlndlo waa petratrated In that courage and ttw power of self defence without tolerating lbChina, hto active and zealous mind was aroused to thea practta which In our days to a compound of raacaUty spiritual necessities ofttw innumerable population or thatereated*rd tbe alleged resnit of tbe "mill" appeared to gtfoLASTING 05B H«UR AMD TBW mBUTaS. TRKEBCHBBBfiFOBTHB8TAR8ANT)STRIPES1mtenae exewemena,a n b k s and rcaoluttoas:— i Whereas, Certain members o f this sostoty during t h o lsst year, without coMultetton with tthto church, or with the society or its trustee*, employed and sent lo Great Britain, an agent for Ute purpose of prccurlng funds for Uie benefit of the Church af tbe kid sob-headaand three columns ot reading matter ap HuritsnB. sad such agent haa made public appealsguages, and tt to by this work that Abbe Hon becamek&own to ttw world. Seldom if ever ban a book of it to its preaeat position, aad the fact thaiTbe TroublefunCs, and is understood to have been collecting moneysfor which, by ttia terms of her employment, she to to b epsid ten per cent on tbe amount collected; and whereas,soch an appeal for charity to a foreign ountry, under tbecircumstaicet cf this society, are calculated, even ir duly ttonlty. and throughout all hit troubles and adventures authorized, to create a reeling in the public mind against ttateteked an unvarying ctwerfulneas and hope. Hit bookwhatevertruthsmaybeutteredfromapulpitaosupport contains statements which require a large exercise of BXXlfAN (HAIilSGRS MORRI8BRT 05 THB SPOT TO FHTHT IN BIX ed, snd to prevent Uie growth and success of tbe society; faith to believe lo, and wb<ch are yet too singular and tooWSBXB FOR £200 OR £ K 0 A S1DB. and whereas, It to y e t more objectionable whenminutely described to render tt probable tbat they are thework of fiction, even were not the author'a character aguaranty for hto credibility. M Hoc waa actuated,throughout all hto career, by a simple zeal that has seldombeen Bnrpaaaed, and which, bad occasion required, would or Ufa and adventure—having crossed Uie Atlantic from have enabled bim to endure the death of a triumphant Galwayto Quebec once in hto yacht, ttw Spider, andSir HBBKY stated that though be baa alwaya beea fond for Ibeoo usideratioa of tbe body, only one of whomwu to supply hat place with ace who can win UM hearts ol tending to give all the details of tbe rounds from tbe first Resolved, That this society disavow and utterly repu martyr. On one occasion he sought such a fate At a thence returned again to her, though abe to only fortyopposed ' J»UMmovemeat, aad UMOoaTaaUoa adjourned tbe entire people as be has done. His instrumentality in to tbe twenty third, the latter finishing the fight, and (Mate, both to its tubetanoe and mode, tbe appeal that haa festival in honor of Buddha, at one of the Chinese townssix tots burthen—yet be haa alwaya taken a deep interest ia conmerot; and, from present appearances, ha ven- tured to predict that such an impetus has beea given to> Irish commerce by the late establish meet of ber steam- ship communication wtth that city aa would naturally toad to advance ber interest aad enncb the city of New York. He then requested Mr. Ring to favor ttw company with n aong, a duty which that gentleman performed wtth the grace of an artisthi! after Attiw BBh'e Ilaidaa altera/ The < ttoenJOOBatlernoon Baaatoa, UM committee reported a pra-jkd oonsutuuoo, whtoh w a s , a'Mr some dabave, er eaa made tbe special order far to day The JOBwas mostly speat In dBKaastag the question etegau s horn Western Arizona stated their obje>, wbtoal weie met ta the spirit of frankness bytha release of UM little girl, and the arrival la toanof Mra Pago, who waa her companion at the outset, induced UM crtzena to tender the Captain a complimeutary feati val. The fair aenoritaa are now garnering within the ballroom,andsoonthecapital of thenewTerritorywill ro»ound with music's soft mains, aad all will be gayety aad happiness.closed with tha folkwing ••remarka:"—"It waa, as our readera will have gathered, a deterrrmedma. ly strrggle for pre eminence, in which tbe old adage, "Youth will be served," was not set at nauaht. The an- terior lengthoftheBentcia Boybade defiancetoUM siiength and fresbnera of Tom 8ayera Tbe repealed violations received by Heenan evidently told a tale, and be was on several occasions reduced thereby to great dia trets, which nothing but hto unflinching game and perse-been made for foreign aid.Resolved, That Uie collection or rends, from any source,by persons connected with this society, and held by them Independently of it and af tbe trustees, ostensibly for tbe purpose of defraying the expenses of the society, is a dangerous precedent, snd subversive of our independence as a Congregational society.where he was stopping, a uumb-sr of devotees performed re volting rites, cutting open their bodies, taking (heir bowels ont, and then closing up the wound wtth a few movements of the hand. All this the simple Abbe could only explain by sttributii.gitto tbe direct intervention of tbe devil, and his Eoaa anger was aroused at Uie thought of such black art• from Mestlla Valiey, and before the evening moment, many had be*a won over to their side.floenemg the ignorant multitude He, therefore, determined to interpose, and decided that at the hour whentheseceremonieswereperformed,hewool1rueh.uptothe Manyothertoastsandsentiments,mingledwithsongatkjeTas y argued u>ai the ettabbshmaot of a prorWoaal gov CaatZtttioa of 0u Proteedaay* of ike Constituti-mal Ooruen verance enabled him to overcome, and had he not beeaMr. Qui.us K HABVBY seconded Uie resolutions,andStated his icaccoa for objecting to the mission to Great altar and fpublicly proclaim that the priests and devotees and all other description of convivial entertainment,« r sV'* * 'meat waa only a temporary measure adapted for o u r aseat relief, deaignaJ to oontiBoe only till wa were pro-.aed by Coogreas with a government; that ft was strict / at aecort'ance with tae ceastitaQoo to eatabhah law and order, that Congress bad tailed to legislate in our behalf, B'id we bad no otber soirsa left; that w a were not oom- amUing an lot u'reciinoary or treasonable movement, for, tbough under UMJ jurtsdicatrtn of New Mexico, we acre BOonly in name, BOTerritorial offi-oreor privileges beiag axteBdetl us, and that it was a duty we owed ourselves and our famlllra to unite In any measure that promised toBimrd aa Improvement in our present wretabed state of •Hairs, that they were willing to insert a guarantee in tbe eotiStrtuUrn to tbe effect that no direct taxea shall be levied upon the citizens, aad that the provisional govern- aaeat shall only continue till such tim- aa Congress iball aaa proper to listen to our petitiooa for relief.Tro80.v, April 6,1860. tion—PnUut Agaimti (he JfeatowU of UniUd SUUa troop'—Xndcnewunt of Mr. Buchanan't Administration—Con cUuion and Adjournment, 6c., dc.In firat rate fettle Uie result might have been widely dif re rent. T om Severs persevered In getting home upon the place most likely to find out Heenan's weax point, and although, at one time, this method of proceeding brought the (aim of victory almost within his grasp, still, aa h e w a s compelled to give h is head In order to reach Heenan's body, and aa that head, moreover, waa in etch a state as to be more euily swollen than it oughtBritain.Dr. B.*u. was the next speaker.were sorcerers; that Baddba w a s a senseless idol, and that Uie only true God was the God of the Christians. Had not some unexpected incident that delayed ttw Abbe be yond the hour of the body mutilat'on rit-8 intervened, it to very nearly certain that M Hoc would have been killed on the »pot for sacrilege, and Uie world deprived of one of Uie most remarkable and charming books of travel everhenceforward wbitod away tbe time until tt wasan- Eounoed tbat tbe yacht was far beyond Sandy Hook, and tbat tbe steamer would bave to return against a strong northwest wind. " A bumper a t parting" w a a then drank, and tbe party re embarked on board the steamer, and having exchanged Uie tost adieus with ttw yacht and her gallant crew, gave three hearty cheers for Sir Henry Beeeher, which were instsntly returned by tbe united huzzas of all on board the queenly craft The wind beirg freah and fair, tbe white sails of the Magnonl wereTbe Provlaioaal Convention concludednight, after a sestion of only lour days, during whichpose of supporting an anti alav*ry cburth io this city.Mr. WABKES said he was Inclined to took with disfavoren the eflotts cf some of the membera of tho church inters, much labor waa performed.The constitution aad schedule having beea adopted o athe second and third days of tbe session, there remalnel for the final action of the Convention yesterday only unfi nlsbed busines', passage of resolutions, enrollment and signature o f the coneti'.ution aad inauguration o f officerschurch, but be (ltd believe, although their efforts hadnot Intestine wars, be was recalled by Uie Emperor toIts laborslasttime, as yon must have observed from my previous let- to be, the quickness of the Boy and his straight deliveriesreference to tbe foreign mission, If h e migbt be allowedao to rail it, without reference to the trustees of the written. In the year 1848, wben China was the theatre ofpatriotic and pure administration of our venerabte Preeident, James Buchanan, fully believing that the only ai-nhe has had to carrying out his government has been fortbe good of tbe whole country. Also, believing that if be* Eexhibited against both ot ibe individuals Implicated, It cost tbe whole of his private fortune; words. I will make you do it. I challenge you to meet mcsome of tbe wholesome acta of bis admlntstratiou have tbe Englishman is still at large, but the American was failed to become effective, It baa been caused by the op amtted on Friday, at Trent Lock, near Derby. We much pcaitlon of factious demagogues, whose alma have not r>»r, however, that unless more decisive atept are taken, been for tbe good of the people, but for their own per tbe tclico will be foiled. It waa Uie merest farce to bindthat did net look very much like conspiracy. Then he had tbis side of the bone factory, on Saturday, at 5% o'clock •aid wmcthing about Dr. Cbeever going to Boston; it was P. M. J. TRCMPONE.well knewn Beaton was a very good place to live in, andHe was decided'y op pot ed to the prsctive of soliciting foreign aid for the pur-on tbe nose and optics, gradually but surely added "one"more to tbe list of bis conquests. R Is imagined ay as vet produced any important results, no one Pekln. EPs arduous travels bad affected hto bealtb.spread, like 6*ecj clouds before It, andO.werd abe glides over ripple aad spray,some that bad Sayers adopted another aystem, the ' b v u migbt have been on tbe other leg;" opinions vary, how ever. That b e at a game, resolute fellow, and took his licktog like s msn.no ote will deny; and his conduct throughout tbe fight waa entitled to all praise; and tbe fait ttiatneaily £«0 waacol-'ertcd for btm at thortngslde,had said it was wrong or wicked, and Uie influence exer cised by tbose members who bold the forelgo funis had not, bethought, been very great Tbeir error bad been an error of judgment and too great an affection for the church, and perhapa he might be allowed to say, for tbe pastor;and would like to know whether Uie pasting of these resolutions would have any effect on their next weekly prayer meeting, or in the church next Sunday. Mr. Warren then submitted t h e following preamble and resolutions as substitutes for those oflVred by Mr. Smith:Whereas, Messrs Uartt, Fairbanks, Ferris and Gilbert, members of tbe Church of tbe Puritans wbo originated and authorized tbe appeal to British Christians for pecu niary aid are new and alwtyt have been willing to assume and bear al! the legitimate responsibilities consequentand in l&fil be returned to Europe. After the pub-lication of hto 'Voyage en Tartarie," he published •'TheChinese Empire." a work not ao well known, though itwon for the Abbe a prize In the French Academy. Histost work, "Chriattanlty in China," was written In 1867.Abbe Hue died a few weeks sgo, sged forty seven yea'8In msoy respects be was the meet sn-ert pioneer of Uie agreeable time was rprnt. Captain Marshall ber com-mander, Cctog everything tnbts po»er to reader each and every member of the party com'ortahte and happy. Tbe steamer did not teach ber pier till aa early boor tfct* morning, wben tne esoortera separated with mutual cor grate latins.Klirp, jfwelleip.o! No. 440 Grand st-eet. On Taesiay nue Hotel.afternoon ho entered the store of Georgo Borgman, No66 Nassau street, and represented that his employers had Captain W . Nichotoon.of the United State* Navy, tooccur an obscuration of Venus by the moon, and the a: can suppress puaiham if we please. l>t tbe fellows wbo, wonld not have brought them forwurd that evening If make bis tpp^arsnre at his emp'oyers' office daring tha Wisce nun aie stepping at tte Aster Hon**City Imtelligremec.THE (KXXITAIO.X or Vastus —Tbe almanaoe for I860 an-AT, a r t h e a d o p t i o n o f t h e o o n s t i t u t i o n n i t w a a r e i o l v e dtogo aloajB election for Governor. Dr. I. S. Ojrlnga,ol and there dotting the broad blue expanse. As seen be violated by their ferocious brtwls, tb"ir cmstaot ap policy of tbe Foreign Mission,as waa proved by tbe asa n d m u r d e r e d p t i b a p s . T h e i r f e t r s f o r h i s p e r s o n a l safety scon van'ched, however, on their receiving thefol lowing note:—ba. ficatt*:—Hon Peter Rowe. of Scbenecta-iy; Hon John Vanater, of Inoiata; Captain Ha'o of Baltimore; W Hutiegs, Esq , of^EDglaad: Horace Farrell, Esq . of Pbilatelpbia, W .HesiiU s was nominated, aad there being no opposition ha was eh wtetLwtth but one vote in the negative.wastbei»reauimginTexas,betwoeaSanAntonioaadIn nakedeyetheviewwaahighlybeautiful.Theecllp*-- d lanola. HerJas bean a resident of Arizona only about a commenced shortly after half-past eight o'ctiook, Vena*year, bat " ^ •roughly identified with tbe Intertsta of the psasin* gradually behind tbe left horn of tbe moon, whtcia.stauee they had received from many clergymen in Eng- land and Scotland.through tbe telescopes, the various phases of the o : c l ! aiion maire up a magnifJoent spectac e, but even to tb •Dr. t'.Hisx KR said—I think the time hss come in whichconieetWillyettakeplace;butItIstobeseenwhether Tbatisinnoyopinionspretence;theirrealmotiveIsa cute tbe it apaitaat trust corn aimed to his bands. Tn« of the right bom in the space of about forty two minutes they are strong or cunning enough to trample at once on icep and maligDant design to remove me from tbeCourchdM WSBInbercrescentanareappearingbeyondtbeeig* toaat txert bima.ir to faithfully exe-citizens, a *eonatttutmn eoaicrs greater and more esteadel powers to The processes or disappearing and reappearing were ex public opinion and on tbo positive enactments of the Le <ti the Puritans. (The Chairman here interrupted thooeedlngly interesting. At twelve o'clock to night there gislature In the case of two less notorious fellows Kev gentleman, and said that what he had just been say-**^him lhaa a> a ea.oyed by any otber tute or TerritorialGcvarnor In B*a.xaUon Should be remain faithful, and will be an eclipse of Jupiter, but not visible here An oameu respectively Allen and White, tbe police ware ng bad no bearicg on tbe subject befora the meeting )OBKhargehis eoarc-isdutieswithability,hawillharea> quiredarepulaaaS?raUteemanahiponthecloseofhis termthatwill»aaoaatheeyeaofthenaJoctolooktoward Arizona aa the 1 wane, of tbe Preshlentia) candidate to suc- ceed totbeWhheHousein18d».occultattocofMarawillalsotakeplaceshortlybeforesua rateofMa?io,andon the24th dayoftbesamemonta Jupiter-will be again eclipsed to broad daylight.last we«k tucceesfu! in Interrupting, though notIn preventiigsfight.Theringwasfirsts-tupnearSalt ley;wbenthreerobauahadbeentoughltheconstabulary appeared, and the rabble moved on to Barron Bridge thenceagaintheyweredriventoHoliordMill Buttbe afTairwasaaiiiustrati>rofoorrecentremarksonthein sutlleiency of the to; ce gene>ally employed upon such oc- casions. AllenBLdWbitewereclearlyengagedinaaU- legal ac*, and why were tbey not arretted ? Simply be- cause tbe police, though they might disturb, dared not seize them A month's hard labor would have been a fit.mg pendant, however, to Ute htrotom of SalUey, Bar- rocBridge,andHolfordMillMr.BKNNETsaidtberewaanot anythingIntheresolu- tionswhlcbcouldjustlyanyonelochargecrirniOBlityon «itberthemoversorseconders ofthe resolutions. Dr. Obeever said be was not aware he had done so.Mr.BESNBT—Thenwhatdoyoumeanbydoepaidma lignantdetigcs?Dr. CHBKVKB said the word malignant had sllppe1 out inadvertently. Iwantjouleunderstandmyfeellogsaa jour pastor, and the trouble I hav; had to pass through on account of Uie office One of the causes of my distresstheprifenerwistrscedtoatenementbouseInElmstreet, wherehewaslivinginfaLCtedsecuritywithhismistress wben tbe efficer unexpectedly made bis appearanoe ana tooktbefcorefolyouthIntocoetoo'y. Samsonwasbrought beforeJusticeConnollyandcommittedtotheTombstoanswer.ALLEGEDVIOIATIONOF-THXSCBOAYLAW—OttoHoym and Edward fiamman, proprietors of Hoym'a theatre, la the Bowery, were brought before Justiae Steers, at theTbeIni-unebasa iorgletterfrom Florence,dated March31,Inwbkbtbeformerreport,published Inthat journal, that tbe wife of Captain Brecean had beea aeentotbatcity,a stronglyconfirmed. Shehaabeea seen andspokento,tbelettersays,byladieawhoacoompanted ber ina party te Bedford Springs the aomm'r bafore her tieappearance,andbadbeenseenbctbinRomeaadFlo- recce by a gentleman and ladiea wbo knew ber The Tri- bune's correspondent further alleges that tbe tody waa ac- companied t v a gentleman who travailed under the nameAsAran.S.iowSTORM—Abouttwoo'clock yesterday To-morrowsiaooaaougswillbeImportant,aa UMafternoon,Uieclouds,whichbadbeengatheringtogetheravbedule to aoeo wpaar Uts oonatitnuon, wtil coma up otherbaaia.WBtmaction.formischiefforsometime,burst,andletloosealightshower of rain, which soon changed to hail and snow, p muchto the astonishment of our good people, who hadTrc.-wx, April 4,1S60.lac Toraterwil Owe wa^av-TWrel Z>ay'i /Wsilsaga cur. The mercury In the thermometer ran down tonot the faintest Idea that any thing of UMkind coull oc- SUuduic toAccompa**• iac Provisional Contttiiitiom thirty-fivedegrees,nitbinthreedegrees of the freezingAttract of A Uadim q fmttutt Captain BmU, U. 8. point. A* might naturally be supposed, the improvidentQts been the mercantile view which hat been token ofthe church of Christ. The mission of tbe pastor is to KEtex market police court, yesterday, charged, on ttw of Powell T. Wy man: that a gentleman of that aame gra-J m » , rmtz m\e Q»BR«aBBB, ate-,ate.folks who went out In the morning without umbrellas and overceata got punished pretty badly with an attack of UM" shivers and shakes," and those that could, harried In doors for shelter. Tbe snow and hall did not amountas the'«poor things'' cf that fading journal, tho Stturday Mr BFXKET again rose to a point of order, and said it Hetxev).whoaffecttothinktiatboneandmuscleformUie bsdnotanybearingonthe queatton. Thequestionwa;,ttreng'h of nat.cna, that prize fightihg to the nursery of real defensive art, and the inspiration of that "pluck" which ia indispensable to tbe genuine British chaacte-. Those who support thia view •nd, happily, their name is no longer legion—forget thatcompany); was with him in Florida, and there had aome difficulty with Captain Brennan. If the person in whose company itto alleged that Mra Brennan wasaeen to theThe morning ataman to^toy araa of local latereat aary,relating prmeipaily to laws aoa -regulations in relation tocoantiea, their boaatajieo aad dM^tiona. Tha namber af to much, but prevailed for some time. couatiea oreated haa bean four, tano of which are in Eastavn Aczonla aad two in Weutert, Tbay all hare varyshould tbey adopt the resolutions or not. He waa almostTax Noaroia Sraasr BarnsT Enmcs, lately occupied by tbe Rev. Dr. Armitages congregation, baa beea pur chased by tha Mariners' Methodist Episcopal Church So. ctety (Cherry street), and Rev. Mr. J. D. Rogers will de-liverbatfiretdiscoursethereanSunday afternoon next rt^TJrtitutiaa aran ousMiiiarwd at UM lUTprtiwiti •aaalnii. B Tb* change la aonseflnent upon UM tact that UM presenthalf past seven o'clock on Thursday evening, when they the ring has nothing whoever to do with strength or would be pleased to hear Uie conclusion of Dr. CnaDln'sYour coMBMpondcnthaaecdearoradtoemploytheoftheiextaaneartyaapossibleinaaavy antoqeeetoaMMbodyata ,aGerman,founddead rag have degenerated; they have admitted intopion. A famoua boatbuilder informed onthat ba eras ttw properpersontobuildtheraceboats;otherofficiousgen- tlemen bad the kindness to Inform Mr. Chambers thatIfawtYl Intelligenceminorchilddecreedtothemother. Chose,desertion.Wood-anKlmbeD,cf Rcme.Oneldt Cocnrj,hasbeen sptcnted by tbe Canal Board Superintendent of the Stockproximaiion to mantlaugbeir, and the echo of their no)BOOK- clang, which la scarcely less revolting when it atm <at solemnity, than when tt grovels In ooogenial afflnit>w,ihthelanguageofthefooipai,thecutpurseandtbe Imustrpeakout IshallstatetheImpres-rat catcher. Tbe men and tbeir backer, in pubtis deli -:or8 whisb have been made on m y mind by eltt: oorseqiifH T it »i'l be cseles* for \cu tstry aadfindme. of St Lociz. were among the arrivals at tbe Metropolitan ance of the law and the government, declare that th- what bas hten eald about tbe Foreign Mission Soslety. lou tcsj dejecet rpon lecelvlxg a remittane* next week to Hotel yesterday.wardatnerriceorin*set 1la<-etekrn$88 JtrustIaballhave paid you the wboie amount before ton will have to pay The Chicago 7tete* of the CM Inst , says Hon. John F .for It With reanect. LOCI8 BnaSOB. Potter, member of Congrcs* from the Milwaukee district,bringinagoodrevenue,andaalongashedocsthatheis Tbere Is a good t'eal of cba.ter among auch nonentities popular.complaintofpolicemanMinor,oftheTenthprecinct,with duated atWest Point in ISaO;wsssubsequently made having violated tbe Sunday law. Toe complainant charges First Lieutenant In the First artillery (Captain Sreaaaa'acourage. It is, in our days, only a pretext for black guardism and chicanery of the lowest description- it to the amusement of knaves, tools and rufnana; it is tbe pivotofasystemwbtchcomprise*evervformofroguery infamy and cowardice; aad notoriously it ia rapidly b e coming obsolete. Are Englishmen, however, toss manlyrground ol bigamy, has been contradicted.Captain Charles G. Smith, or Holmes'Hole, waa sud- denly hut agreeably scrpriaed last week br the rushing intobisbouseofthreesons, whobadallatoncearrived home from whaling, in three different ships, at New Bedford, tbat day.licemanBogart,oftheNineteenthprecinct,onchargeof IttoreportedthatHon.CharlesWhite,tbeStateAudi- violating a corporation ordinance, to bleating rocks In tor of MasrscfcuseUs, proposes to resign htt office, havtog EutFortyfifthstreet,withouthavingpreviouslycovered privateboniatss whicntomore remunerative. ThevaARBMI FORCARBU— BLABTIBG.—Thomas Ktomaa, con- nomberawhoflocktohearUM"SweatSingerofIsrael."thanwhenpugiliamwaaanacceptedfashlonrOnttia TOTHBEDITOROFTHBHERALD. tractor,andJamesHunt,laborer,werearrestedbypo-building to totally inadequate to »x>omntodato the vastwhose ministrations have had aaMatthful toaaenca nan they were possessed of so much peraonafand indomHable After ttw publication in the HBJULDof my acceptance ofupon spirit;buttheirmannershaveImproved;andprizafight Mr.Chambers'challenge,UiechampionofallEnglandandter,falling from one class to another, haa become the monopoly of bullies, blacklegs and simpletons, with a proportionate entourage of card ebarpers, piokpockete and trkksters. Year byyearthesupportera oftee"allttw world." there was a great deal of gratuitous ad-vice given by aome of our sporting journals and Individualcancy for the year will be filled by tbe Governor.Tbe BoatOB Bee says tbat tbere are rumors afloat that E. F . Porter. State Liquor Agent, baa railed to comply wtththerequirementaoftbestatutes,sndthatabrickdwellinghouseintbeneighborhood,wtthauchforce inthetfficetomorathanprobable.their circle negro convicts, wtth gangs of the lowest and least scrupulous adventurers- and the introduction of Heenan into England Treat Amsri 'aato knock part of the wall la. It was the greatest mira- cleintheworldthatnoneoftheinmateswereinjured, as the house was filled with tenets. The accused wereJaCge Little, of Newfoundland, HOB. D.Ctoptoa, of Alabama,andLieutenantCoterelJohnScott,ofwere in Washington on Monday.JoshuaOarsmen o fChallenge t h e Unitedto States.CBwasonly an attempt to revive publio intoreat ina-— do aatoaanly swear (or affirm) cide. tA his person were found a silver watch, two brass sport" iorg since condemned and abandoned by there there were shoals in tha river at Newburg, and of conveyed before Justice BrowneU, at ttw Fourth district Major Joseph Morttond, baring beea armototed Post-discharge and perform all tbe duties *tnd three iron keys, some gunpowder aad buUeta, a blue specteHie classes of society. The ilea was novel; some- • . of M>» provisional govern ftxket handkerchief With white apotn Three oants and thing iaU a eentlment of national rivalry waa stimulatedcourse not a suitable place for ttw race to come off, aa our Police Court,* Yoikvllto, where they were required to matu r at Lexixgton, Mo, gallantly resigned to favor of a champion wonld have tha advantage in knowing ttw ive bail to answer. Mrs. Lotg, ako an applicai.t, and abe waa appointed.lot aaa Tarrtoary of Artaoea, according to tha beat of my akJM aad aaaaty, agreeably to UMeoostitatioa and lawn of the tTasted Staaaa aad of that Territory.Sac.S.TnearmstealinoftheLegislatureoftheprd- I of tbe Territory of Arizona shall befoaday to March, A. 0 . IS8I, at Too ^B.atfd thereafterannuallyatsuch time andplanaaa m r be ^•ssaaalifl by law. Tbe members of tha Lentils .torec'arvefivedoHarapardiemdnrtagtbetimatbeyaw B*BVBB1BBaafsaamr, with mlMage at the rate of Of-two tickets to a German garden la Haw York ware in among the ignorant; and no doubt it is a sore dlaappolnt btoDOoketa. Hat body will be kept at UM atatton house meet to the w who manage the game to And that—thanks for Watincation. Hto dreaa waa brown, his age about to a few art. olea in a daily newspaper-the magistratesthirty,andbeardlarge—noLJ ttj matiUn« Bpwts andpuraulta which teed to beiagmformea"thatMr.Chamberswaaaprofessionalwa-1 letter from Bio Janeiro of March 10, says:—3y toe tk *r He Lone* and invigorate the sinews of E<i_ueh- terman, and one out of at least four thoosand who serve nor. oa bear lag ttw difficulty, entered ttw atore, and tooklatestaccount*theflagshipCongresswasat M)ut?videc OJ.L. W-Jmaynotdeemitvery heroicforfiftymounted sevenjear*anjawnUceahip intheir wherrieswaatobe theassailantintocustody. Theprisonerwanbroughtbe- ( my competitor. fore JusticeQaackenbnsh yeaterday, and oasnaanaed fortides, Ac. 8IAIBO.G A r n u r IN A GBOCXRT STORE.—John burns and ratrick MeCabe quarrelled over agame'of cards in tatIunderstand yonbave said youcouldwhipmeIfyour brother couldn't Now,air, If you dont retract theseJchn L Tucker. Esq., the formerly well knows and popular landlord of the Tremohl House, Boston, baa re Mr. TRraro>E—DEARSIR—I will meet you anytimeyon cently taken the new Irving Hotel, formerly BtoaeardMR. BIOOMFR TO MB. TBrMFONI.Vr. D. FAIRBANKS said tbat whatever might be the fateof tbe resolutions, be should not allow It to disturb htoChristian equanimity. De did not intend to speak thatevening, had not hto name been mentioned In refer- cordingly took place, and Mr. Trampone wni badly pom of so torge a portion of Uie Western investments of Eastern ence to the foreign mission. Mr. Fairbanks then gave a melted. Tbe police heard or ttw affair, and arrested csp'talists hu dropped out. or sunk so low tbtt they can-Tbe meeting snd fight, says the Richmond Whig, ac- into investments in tbe Western country. As tbe bottomTell Sutaman it is all bis faunIniormatli n of tbe affair was conveyed to the Second to his borne. He wore a black, luthy mustache, andprertnet station bouse .when efficer Wlntringbam was detail locks ferocious, but we did cot see hie bowie knife. edtoworkuptheesse. After alocgandtedioussearchthat Hoj m'6 theatre was open on Sunday last, and that adramatic performance was held there on Ute Sabbath,contrary to law. The magistrate decidedto bold each ofpleased to listen to his pastor: but tbe hour was late the accused to ball in the sum of $300 to answer Ute West Point graduate, be is travelling aa a ctvJtaa. The charge before the Court of General Sessioaa. Gostevua lieutenant, it ig ta.d, did obtain leave of absence to goand he would like bim to keep to tbe pointMr. H. ABBLL moved tbat the meeting adjourn untilLindemoller, proprietor of Uie lager beer garden Noa 199 abrcad.aid £01 Bowery , arrested on a similar charge, waa also Tbe arnooLcement published some days since, that the held to bail in a like amount Officer Minor also pre- marriage or A. W. I'pham bad been annulled on UieThere to a yonng woman living ia Alttead, N. H-, who Mow., sir, after nearly two months, and ao notice being grocery etore of Jeremiah Sullivan, No. 148 Bant Thirty weighs over 7C0 pounds, snd It takes about twenty yardstakenofMr.Chambeia'challenge,myNewburg friends seventhstreet,onTuesdayevening,whenBurntdrewa ofcalicoforadrees.prevailed onme to accept it In doing no, I must confess clasp knife from hto pocket, aad stabbed Us adversary In Angeltoe S Higgle bas been divorced from Harrtooa T> wcrld rot. be underttood aa decrying or underralas- I was fully sensible of the disadvantages I labored under, tho breast, inflicting a severe waund. Policeman O'Con 9 Wiggle, both cf Lowell, Mass., aad tha cuatady a f thaareexerting themselvestopreventthefightfor"thj charrpioosb'p from taking place at a.lbrigsParryatBarnesAyres,BainbrldgeatStCttherioss.,r»u"axu,preceded&Tapackofbloodthirstydoga,toIamaowdoaireusthatweshouldascertainwhototbeexamination. RiverCanal,)atheplaceofRichardHurlburt,whode Painter a.nd Palaiki at Montevideo. The new batter I.LM: i u aerable id\" at full apeed f>r hours, until clined tbe apromtmeni.brought out by ttia Beteene for the Pulaski (U te afeto ire ten-ted vermti. hav' often hunted off its legs. Wd "better man," and no doubt Mr. Chambers will renew CHARCB or BtGAnv —Thomas Lee, alias The*. Edwardaf tne peaseI a l ptwaeeuttoaa are required comet) had been aacoaaafaUy placed la that vessel, aae ui\ i think it a a. ortous days work to shoot his challenge when ha flnda that tot o o r match racea w e Smith, wan brought before Justice Connolly, on charge of The Reman Catholic Archbishop of Quebec to seriously andbyUMauthorityofthe shetoaowbeingpatinthoroughorder,batittosupp^eeu aown f ty brsoe of p.beasants In a preaerv*,i rowinastraightline,atastheconsentruns,andthat bgamy.preferredagainsthimbyCatharineSreaaaa,of ill,andtbeBishopofSt.Hyarlntheiaaobadlyaffectedof Ute Territory of Arizona.ad time of heldrng oourta in themwill require a further outlay of some $15,oco before bjiag rendered efficient lot ten«ervtoe. Flag Ofiajnr Sonde con tiaoeatoendearhrsaaalftoallourresidentsonthiscoast,• in •-. ito creaturea nave lea».ned to ccme together i t Lu-tvtper s vol e We taay v"^. in fact, regret the s kMiolJrajaofcock«j!U»g or b'all baitlog.anymoreof Dwe not exalt, aa a noole national pa»timn, y*<-two* end it interesting—to corns tffat Newburg on tbe 20th of J..'be pistnant to bo locked up In Whit* strict for feV* • * fused Thrcupb the ktndceta, however, of tbe Frenchthe river at Newburg to not as ahjal at? repreaented. It nay be proper to mention tttat In our .'Wa^attas we row roundtwobeau,makingacourseinthei.vaoraaeion-wtth aa old malady that little bopea are enterteine* of hi* recovery-No. 61 Wanoiniton street The complainant alleges that tbeprisonermarriedherwhilehtowife,MaryAnneLee,Fred.Douglass,whiletoNewcastle,recenUy mad*ap- oftheracefromthestarttotreclose. withhisfirstwifeaboutatxyeara,w£«nbewaaaeixed passporttoeaabltbtmtoraitParisasaaAmerican clti-aooavenience mayarise from a* to declared thai aB process by hto efficiency and nnaptlallty, and the Congress Is oar ttuui » • ccuaiiier tbfct London faotpaVto tare degenerate: r*fed diamond; this is done to give the pub. to a mil view waa alive snd nndtvorced. Th* |iriaoner had been living plication through Uie American Miniiter ic Loadon for al>e nameafUieTerritoryofteialyUtebeatdtoorpboedandanalaomestmanofwaron too Brazil station. Thp Dolphin, Oommander Steedmao arrived at Bahia on the U'th of last miujh. after a throe ereskastayatPernambueo noetoexaeetedhere bythe 1st of April The lU>:caK Be-S for the United SUtes **m*tim 4urio|itmrccnt_.becJtotatheyhavee<»»eitoute"nose;niters"an^pit-hoUttors; but our rea «KS will boar us out when we say'bat legitimate aad manly tpor's aad puradhVs iin I m u»unreservedsupporUtrs. I>uwedaouur*««.-.or,rather,ato atheclampioc—wb<chnamiaa.'fflcent'ylargeto~*«e mittedtbeaccusedforexamination,andorde.* >"° arsofcolorsscitizens;thepassportwasthereforere-a* the or>.'»"rtaiton of a provlaioaal iI row propose,to all tfce osrsa>en of thUcmint *y»t0 T0^ with a notion to marry a second time, a."od, abandonmg i, D. The reply made by tbe Minister was to effect thai arweepstaktsraoe of *&*"• csih, in ord-r to ascertA"1 w|jo li>' wife, took op the complainant The m^dtotrau com- tb» cowtttution of Uie Catted States did no reeogniae par-thia »ttstttu. <to «»all ha aa valid as if 1 1cd tV r>a>of the preV " ""* watarnraani of 5«^dJtvrrfa4Il^tl8ttlW^bc*tri:!ii'' IV) w t Bot-ngtwlUataj»dlng it aatxesearyBeat.• Na-*CM,Al»a24,18r30.JOSHUA WAKO.accid.ut whtreby the might be in-luoed to absent >ar»« a* a witnees,lfConsul at Neacastie, Uie requited pcrmiraion baa beea obtained.Untitled DocumentOver tbe ocean away and away,—danepg gracerelly on the waves till she was soon lost t) view from tbe steamer's deck.On tbe return psetage of tbe s'eamer to tbe city a mostWiscotsin, paired through tim city yesterday on his way Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 