 *that forced him and his party to a partial r e -treat, and which is to-day operating everywhereamongthepeopletotbeoverthrowoftheblack draw. ThefightisbetweenLincolnandBreck cersandcrewaallwell.NEW YORK HERALD.irregular, may be writtee fully one ceat a poaai lower, sale* ranging ajt'aix to olae cento tfi*cn cows were plenty and doll. Calves were steady.IfORF COVIKNUIST Df*AXJCATTOKS—TaBtHSABBo* D*"»ASTMKiT3 IN FACT*.—We perceive thatTHE BMCSJXBIBGE MOVEMENT K Nwsr Yoaa-j A STATE CterVENTK* CAULE*.—We publish to- day from the Breckinridge Stale Committee cf4 A I K I a U B O O M BOTOt ANDB K M B T f ,another defalcation to one of tbe departmentsSheep and lanMwere plenty, but firm. Swine of tbe general government baa come to light a t New York, recently appointed, a call for aH U y r n l V .JBSSPWS^S^^* w^w s**^^ ^^^^ay^a ipKfJM,/ r f n VMS' ST^ajaw-nsw ^ w^» —-_~ ^^^»«k^r^^arwtt A• VLsh government; hot it is consideredto verify thstr charts is s minute and careful manner. Theexpeditiongoeswellprovidedwithailthe instruments, Ac, requisite for a thoroagh sad skilful re survey, should such be found necessary after s a examine tion. Tbe harbors are deep and vwy spaoious, with she, boldsbores. They are the only good harbors on the coast on either side of Central Amenea. It is these, aad tbe security andfacilities they offer to trade attheof to* water worn. examined the worto » e former's afsnastSBSSqaVPCr^wVewwfMvSSz ' TM *SsussV^ " "3^^^^^^^^* ^^^^B»^kAa -1 Mi BW"AAMFviolent passion, denied the allegation, and ac- cused us of malice and all the crimes in the cal- endar for insinuating such a thing of the respec-aqueduct ptetioe.The works will b* vigorouslyjn»LOTB OARDKV.THJLS tTXNlNO.ALABOU oa t i t Won-all the other odds and ends arc 'but leather government, we hear of a defalcationto the and prunella.''To be sure, there are, the Union party Bell and Everett ticket,thedemocraticTerritorial squatter sovereignty ticket a f Douglas a n dThere is every reason to believe such enterprise ia practi cable The officer ia charge of this branch of the exami- nations is Lieut. J S C.Morton,Corps of Engineers. He proposes to establish a station for barometnsal observa- tions, during tbe period of the surrey, on oae of the isnnds o f the Chiriqui Lagoon, which i s the harbor o a tbe nearest or northern side of the Isthmus, snd to sur-Pf/|rr^*B*SsP S A S S — C O S T S A A A * T > u i nt — U o o t t r > i n .VAJXAora THEATRE, i m t n r .-TOO«**-*ISCSIBV LA0BA O m r a THJtATBS, MO. m BroadwayWe will venture to assertkum A* IT I*—Witm. Momnta.and the constitution i> at stake. confuse and weaken the conservative forces op- within which these Indians mjfbt hunt, did not ackao* the departments at Washington. They do not It is also designed as s further cheek to take some hero, ledge their title to the land, But, owing to the extension*•«w 1ern.Thnrsdnf, **** ***1M0*What avails it if we have a popular majority in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and^ S ^ t t l S ^ ^ ^ S S kn S & u i ^ v E s itbsjr PPM** fros* {at fbass, fc view of ton aha the {let that they are friendly Indians, Congress,atthelatesession.'appropriated$£6,000far presents (which are being forwarded), and to defray the expenseofholdingacouncil with them regarding tonr future welfare.-*TheCommissioner'sformervisitsamongvarioustribe timental appeals and nice abstract distinctions. that the Postmaster General knows nothingat be the same—the unanimous vote of theSouth- of the winds on the pressure of the atmosphere on the of Indians having been productive of highly benefice•ATTOICALCONCERTSALOON,massescouldbeboundtopartyallegianceand partymaaceuvres,thesoleobjectofwhichistoaffairs. Practically,iftherewereonlyone partyintheSouth,oriftherewerehalfadozenrALACV OARDKN. Fourteenth stoee*.-*T0CAL Aim 1*4done. The manner in which the defalcation i nobtainorsecurepossessionofthespoilsbysen- theNewYorkPostOfficewaseffectedproves partiesandhalfadozentickets,theresultwould slopesoftheCordilleras,owingtothedifferent influencesTits Mows*heldWashington, and adopted a preamble and resolu- tions unanimously repudiating the rectangularmodeoflayingoutstreetsorroads.The Emigration Commissioners held their weeklymeeting yesterday afternoon. The Committee o n Castle Garden reported that Captain Crabtree, the Vice President o f t h e Board, has offered his ser- vices a s Superintendent o f Castle Garden, in placecoming down to the great substratum of prin-porting Lincoln.Ordnance Department; Captain Thornton Ordnance De-*of Mr. Kennedy, resigned. The Captain offers to rers,minersandmechanics,freedfromthedeaddischarge t h e duties without a n y compensation. The report recommended that the offer be accept- ed, that the salary o f the Assistant Superintendent J pr. Camnera, be increased from $1,760 to $2,000, And also that of another employe in the same depart- mentfrom$600to$700. Thereportwaaadopted,, Bad thereby the expenses of Castle Garden estab- lishment were diminished in the amount of $2,0001 annually. The physician of the hospital on Ward*;* Island reported that twenty-two cases of ship fever have been sent to that institution from the ship Cynosure. The communication waa referred to the President with power . T h e number o f emigrants! arrived at this port during the present year to the 25th mat. amounts to 59,317—an increase of 13,488 fa compared with the corresponding period of lastP, The balance of the commutation fund on amount* to $15,381.The Board o f Education disposed temporarily Of the Fourth ward dismissal question last evening,by adapttag tbe report of the special committee appointed to investigate tbe subject, censoring t h e local board of the Fourth ward for their hasty and wholesale action, a n d b y referring a resolution authorizing t b e payment o f t h e newly appointedGhats to the Finance Committee.M charge o f perjury against Mr. William D . ;ht, one of the proposed bails for Da Costa,who swore to a fictitious amount of property, w a s continued yesterday before Commissioner Morill. •ad still farther adjourned.themhissupport,furtively,ifnotopenly;but examinationofassistantsurgeonsforfiLieutenant P . P . Alexander. Corps of Engineers, is atron a visit to this city since Friday last, departed for borne yesterday in t h e steamship Florida. Prior to their departure. they were entertained to a col- lstioa by tbe City Guard, their hosts, wbenspeeches wen- made aad appropriate sentiments expressed. Tbe troops then marched down Broadway, and at- tracted tbe attention o f a large crowd of spectators.> embarked at five o'clock, aad in a quarter of alter the steamer g o t under weigh, amid •ring ef w a n ,tbe strains of Dodworths aad other demonstrations o f a n enthusiasticr- .1 ot the General Superintendent or Board of J• .iHissioaers.and where he will stand in 1860 is not yet uponcrutchesinGeorgiaitwouldbebesttotake known. Itwascotton and theconstitution himoffthetrack,andifMr.BellissoweakinThe United States steamer Mohawk, Lieut. Commander Craven, put into Matanzas 13th inst. for water, and sailed early next morning on a cruise.•ewwM.The Pulke Coeamissioaere atny,ofNewBedfmd: Bsv.Dr.Crusy,ofNewOrleans,W.chauics at twelve hundred dollars per annum, exceptFloordoll butunchanged.bushels Canada club at t l 10. Corn buoyant o»ri*meetingyesT day transferred several policemen, aad appoint. officer Minor, o f tbe Tenth precinct, sergeant. ad officer Brower romiiiaBiaB An amendmentteen hundred dollars This supersede* tbe oM system, UJJOO bushels Indiana at 6H\c. Other graia* <\«**j lcM>tf cattlewarehiabundant supplyyesterday -if been forwarded b y speculators to antkipsUSIforredwaiter, instore, tornactive »«*";»'^: ut,head beef cattle, W cowa, 921 veals. IS.$» sheep and Iambi, and 3,002 awine.The paymaster of tbe marine force, it appears,7th of August, of tbe supporters ot Breckinridge of Captain Freak. Engie, o f t h e Mnvv, » • t s t e s r s f l b sThe Post Office •asjasMSsfi • • • iwiUfisi In Iservice on tbe Utah overland route from 8t Joseph t «0 9 HAMAD AJJO fT/MO* taw*ratn, • • M T I W I W ta* *hir*)B*w» janBto***** Wiwhile aeles were fair, including same lots for old order ofthings, is proceeding to business ^r^r7Jt3,MJUuS m w*~**v,« few<*»* export. Choice family extra grades were un- to manyofthegovernmentdepartments,where-highest reputation and of high rank, w h s diaharststhschanged. Wheatwasagainlower,whUesales atthe upontheConstitutionatWashingtonflewintoa withanewsetofbooksadaptedtothenewtarn Beeliam isatonce Oas- efthtt>concession ware fair. Corn was rather morebuoyant, with a fair asnouAi of sales. Fork was ta steadyrequest, with sates of new mess at $19 28 sad new primeat $14 25. Sugars were steady, withaales of 704 hhdsand MOO boxes, at rates given ia another column. Coffee table persons at the heads of the public depart.order of things. And whst is thi3 new orderofthiogst I t i s a contest between the Nortjiand the South for, the Presidency, aggressiveon tbe one side, defensive on the other—a con-testinwhichAbrahamLincolntothechampionof the Northern party, devoted to the Buppres- termini of the proposed railroad, that render the locationwasdrm,withsalesof900bagsCeylonat18c.,800do. meats. BatnowitseemsthedefalcationsareMaracalbo at 16c. a i§i;c., sad 100 do. Jamaica at p. t coming out one by one. First, there was theFreightswarehigherforLiverpool,androomscarce, NewYorkPostOfficedeficitof$155000;then sionofslavery,whileJohnC.Breckinridgeisof a transit route between them s o extremely important and desirable.oca syiatmsn wrrs VJBSSDmm. ftisassertedbythesewhshavemadeparticularnquiryoo the subject, that the secret orgsnasttos which lately excited fears of bloodshed in the Cherokee country, is, to say the least, political, snd similar to what wsa commonly known in "the States" as "the Know NoUuagparty," confined to pure btooded Indians. Ourgovernmenthasbeeswatchingwithsomeuuersstthe events in that nation, particularly those grow>»g o u of the agitation of the slavery question, as say outbreak in that oonneeUon might involve the whites retisiai tawas engaged, in balk and bags, at 9c. a 0 Sic, and Sow was reported at 9s. 4d. a 2s W . To London,here was a default in the Post Office at Newthe defensive champion of the South *nd i t sOrleans of some $50,000, to which w e briefly Cattam and taw Constlt ntien-The Hela- ment at Washington, under the very eyes of thewheat ia ship's bags was engaged at 9*d.ttows ofPolitlea, lnam.tr> aml Trade. Tbe programme of tbe present political cam-that part of tbe country in the consequences. diat* danger U now, however, apprehended.No UUMamount of $30,009.paignisbeing rapidlynarrowed downto the that,ifalltheshortcomingsof ourpublicdemod Queenatown o n t h e 15th inst., arrived a t Hali- antagonism with the interests of production and matter, and who is perhaps, after all, the only this majority. They can b e brought togetheriax yesterday. The main points of her news,ob-tained off Cape Race, were published In yesterday's•paper. T h e latest despatches, given in another taaotiea depend alike upon the material welfare Committee, where the very ^JHP"> 8&ve evi- Everett withdraw, and we shall soon realize a'The sun's light, which, in the intervals of tbecolumn, state that a new Ministry had been formed! inSicily,andthatreportshadbeenreceivedfrom Palermo of sanguinary combats near Messina be- tween the royalists aad Sicilian forces. Garibaldi mad received additional pecuniary aid andtifty- •even pieces of cannon. Accounts from Naplesof the people for their observance. The hungry dence which was designed ta^hplicate the concentration of the conservative forces of the showers on the Atlantic slope, is nearly manwillattendtotheneedsofthebodybefore Presidentinallkindsoftrumpedupchargesof NorthuponBreckinridgethatwillstartlethe* hidden by the forests, is seen once more.ajtote thattroops in the citadel, ia which twelve were wounded.Three political Conventions assembled in Tren-ton yesterday, aad put forward three electoralticketi*. The Convention that assembled under t h ewhat may, there i s not a ghost of a chance foroccupied by several settlements, the largest o f which are David and Dolega.a noutbreakh a doccurredamongt h ewhich they expected t h e President t o assistthem;but finding that be stoodfirm,aad thattheycouldnotuse him,theyturnedroundand that hissupporters, bykeeping himon the Onarrivingattheseacoast,afterashortstayemployedia observations, Ac., the surveying party will join s Uni- endeavoredtofastenuponhimcomplicitywith course, areonly playing thegame: of Van ted Statesvessel andreturn tothe States,viaPanama,their own base schemes. How completely they Buren of 1848. The same cannot be said of the touching at the Chiriqui Lagoon.those of the soul, and he whoispressedby povertywillprovide forhimselfinpreference to alleviating his neighbor.It is upon these immutable principles that the intimate relations between cotton and the con- stitution stand. During thepresent yeartheSouthern States have produced and exported, In round numbers, four and a half millions bales of cotton, valued at two hundred andOn either side of «the depression by which it is proposed fraud and corruption only testified to their own followers of Lincoln. We apprehend that by to cross the ridge are table lanes of great beauty, andonvillany. Wendell andForneyandtherestof thktimethemostenthusiasticandhopefuldis- emergingfromitopenplainsareseenstretchingdownto them were mixed up in a lot of corrupt jobs in ciple of Mr. Douglas is convinced that, come the Pacific, scantily ornamented with groves of trees andThe reasonforthis malfeasance is clearly toIn 1861 a treaty or arrangement Was made wtts taeEngland, t h e merchant? a n d mechanics o f and President makers; and until such men are Mr. Bell and Mr. Everett can do, in this crisis.New York, and the manufacturers and placed there we will have no end of defalca- for themselves, their friends and the country, isOCTBSXUC AT NAPLES AMONG TO TROOPS. NAPLES,July 10. L*»Tbe King h a s summoned h i s former Camarilla T V'miners o f Pennsylvania a n d N e w Jersey,all draw no small portion of their daily wagesand profits from the stream that rises in theeotton fields of the South. If the constitution DOCGLAS ABANDONED BY FORNKV. HICKMAN &A partial outbreak has takes place among the troops iz the citadel, and twelve have been wounded.The Gridiron Railroad case, at the suit of the should be interpreted and administered by Co.—The anti-Lecompton democracy of Penn-Roam, July 10. lseo There have been no further dtstarbsnees in the I mi: u.zealots or fanaticsin asense adverse tocotton, sylvania, led by Forney. Hickman &Co., are it would be the constitution, and not the cotton, showing themselves in their true colors, as will thatwouldbeindanger. Inthiseottonisonly be seen by thehighly important speech inMarches, vDiscovery o f it Dinbollcnl Pled I n Texe*.trustees of the Sailors' Snug Harbor against the Mayor, A c , was set down for hearing yester- day in the Supreme Court special term, requiring the defendants t o show cause why they should n o t be enjoined from constructing the Seventh Avenue Bailroad, known as the "Broadway Parallel Road." Tie contest, however, promises to be a severe one, andtoowarmforthepresentweather,and as there is a formidable phalanx of the legal pro- fession engaged, w h o must have their summer Vacation, the case was, after a little agreeable conversational concession all round, postponed until t h e first Monday in September next.The Commissioners o f Washington Heightsa stated meeting yesterday attheir effice at Port! ciplethatunderliesallparties. Allthehungry Thisisallforthebetter. Itwillnarrowthe partment;CaptainAnderson,Secondartillery; LieutenantST. LOCTS, July 25,1*60 An extra from the Bonham Texas Era office of tbe 17tk nst. received t e night b y the overland mail, contains • otter from Chas. R. Pryor, editor of tbe Dallas EertU, tating that the fire a t that place o n the 8th led to thediscovery of a diabolical plan to devastate the whole of Northers Texas—white men, friends of the aboUtiea preachers, Bunt, McKinney. who were expelled from the country last year, are the instigators The plan was Is lay tbe whole country waste b y fire, destroying ali arau. ammunition, Ac., and to get the country in a state of helptoasaeea, and, then, on election day in August to make a general insurrection, aided by emissaries from the North and parties friendly to the cause in Texas.Their sphere of operations w a s districted andscb-dfe- tricted,eacb district being under t h e supervrnoi of « white man, who was to control the negroes. Severs: white men and negroes, concerned in the plot, have beta arrestedatDallas.Tbe following fires are reported to have occurred oa foe same day tnal Dallas was destroyed, all of which are *t tributed to the same cause:—Th« large mercantile boos* inBlackJackGrove,loss$50,000.threemercantile&>.-••* at Denton, loss $100,000; a targe store house at Pilot Point, loss $10,000; a large store-horse at Indonia, loss $2,000; eight store* at Belknap, toss not estimated TV town of Milford, Ellis county, was totally destroyed. Several smaller fires bad also broken out.Great excitement existed throughout t h e wbiie of Northern Texas in consequence of the discovery of tts fiendish plot, and prompt and effective measures rere being taken for the preservation of life and propertyAbolitionists 1st Texns—Fires In Texas. NKW OBLFANS.Jury 25,1M0J Three abolitioniats have been caught in Wash.agujcounty, Texas, and ordered to leave the stateThe loss by. the recent fires in the North Eastern couatiSof Texas exceeds $700,000.T h e G o l d e n F l e e c e O n t w n r d Hound. ST. JOHA-1, N. F.. July 26 liesTbe steamship Colden Fleece, from New York, arm* on Cape Race at three o'clock this afternoonSailing oftit* Amble.HOKTOS, July 26, 1W0The Arabia sailed at one o'clock this afternoon. * # seventy six passengers for Liverpool snd n:aete*« ** Halifax, and $100,000 in specie.Obttnnry.Bt-Ru.M.rox. X- J., J ily 26, » »symbolicalo f a thousand other interests, and another column, deliveredb yJohn* Hickmanall of these would naturally rouse themselves in the Concert Hall, Philadelphia, on Tuesdayto the effort of self-preservation. Thisistheoperationthatisnowgoingoninthe commercial, manufacturing and mining States. The political coutest is being stripped of all the abstractions, humbugs and fallacies that professional politicians have s o long ham-evening, the 24th inst., in which he formally the same delicious caricature of the extreme Britishpered party organizations with, and w e a r e that the only safety for the country lies in sup-Army Intelligence.A Board of Officers, to consist of Captain ^aynadierj,spoilsmen that switched off from the true line of constitutional interpretation with Douglas and the anti-Lecompton men are pouring into the black republican camp to assist in the re- volutionary and destructive abolition assault upon t h e constitution, while, o n t h e other hand, t h e thousands of merchants, manufactu-Balch. Ordnance Department, and Lieutenant Hu^e, First artillery, is appointed for the examination sad trial of James'rifledcannonandprojectilesatWatch Hill,R.I.tiontorestrainGov.Ford,whoisthe legalprinterofthe House, from controlling his own business to the best ad- vantage of the public, simply because they are makingissues of whiggery, Know Nothingism and abo-lition, are coming up to the support of Breck-inridge and the interpretation of the constitu-tion in a manner just and protective to theequalinterestsofall. Thesearetheonlyliveprinciples that exist in the present contest, and Lecompton democrats have put the stamp upon before November every man will find himselfin such cases as regu-impelled by the increasing impulse o f the d a y todeclareforoneorotheroftheonlytwo representative men—Breckinridge or Lincoln.The same working is visible in all other parts ofthecountry,thoughnotyetwiththesame intensity a s where t h e quick pulses o f com- merce and industry run. In every State in the Union,governmentaswell aspeoplehavefelt themselves compelled to pause and see wherethe true issues of the Presidential battle. With them it is evident that Douglas is to be no longer recognized as a representative of either issue. Opposition to Breckinridge and the de- mocratic party, and support to Lincoln and the blackrepublicans,isthebattlecrytheyhave adopted. Douglas must follow them, o r b e counted out—dropped, abandoned by his quon- dam friends.the'bribe, and repudiated Defrees.that Ford was about to be elected, one of his friends, it is said, expressed a wish to Governor Ford that he would save Itefrees from any loss incurred from being a candi- date, which w a s understood t o refer simply to Defrees' expenses here. Ford replied, "I will do whatever ishonorable." I t i s said that Ford has kept his word t o the tune of nearly one thousand dollars, aad sow this op- ponent of Ford has the impudence, it is reported, to com- mence legal proceedings again.-1 Ford for a permanentwe are going to. This has broken up all the OfTSIDE JOINT STOCK ARRAMIKAIEXT*.—A jointRev.loved clergyman of the Presbyterian church, died at to residence in tbis city, this morning He was Ci? tost the Hon. Stephen Van Rens?elaer of Albany, N YM a r k e t s .NKWOBiEAJr*.Jul* 3i, 1IWCotton—Sales to-day 1.000 belt.*, market uachs£r* Floura the atS5&oaSO60 for superaae rreigW* cotton to Havre l>gc Rest of the market unchangedBAi.nnoax. J-.-.y ;tf. l«W Flour inactive. Howard street $,"> 25, Wheat tf*J.' red SI 20 s SI 25; white SI 30 a $1 5* Corn quiet r * ^>w 65c a 73c. Provisions firm and unchanged Vaairr20i;c. » 21c.PmLADEipmA. July '&, 1 * * Flour inactive1. Wheat dull; white $1 30 at *I « f~ t l 2o. Corn quiet, yellow «7c. a 68c Pronsioai 4 < « Mess pork S19 60 a 119 75. Whiskey steady, at 21cs-*B r » A U > . J i l y 2»—1 F - • Flour quiet and steady. Wheat dull and teadiai M ^wa'd: >alea9.C00 bushels red Ohio, in part u> **<£* $1 10. Corn opened dull, bit closed srmer sates »•«• bustie'eat50'.c. Canalfreightsweaker,but»••«»-' qooUbb'change lake imports lJKO bbit flour . £ bushels wheat. 1C0 000 bushels corn. Canal exports «i.ww bushels wheat. 8,000 bushels corn. 11,000 sesbebest*BTTTAIC,July25-eP * Flour dull: sales 600 bbU , at $6 for ertr* wuc<* sin, SS a U S 7 « for extra Michigan, lau^aa* • » Ohio: S6 SO a S6 fcr double extras. Wheat Jo-ules 18X00 bushelsnew redOhmatSI10 &>ra" Market opened doll, but closel »ic. h^her ««•« 40,000 busbete at 50c. for Ohio, to arrive. SOtfc • » £ for Illinois, inht-r grains nominal. Whiskey K« orm sales 4O0 l.bla at 19c. Canal freights quiet and uncSaar^ Imports-2.000 bbls. flour, 10,000 bushels wheat, IS*-"*,do. corn. Exporte-400 bbls. flour. 41.000 busue'J wbaw 86.000 bushels corn, 27.000 do oats . ,old parties, for in them much was found to con- demn. T h e democratic party organizations broke down under the weight of their corrup- tion and rascality; the Know Nothing leaders have lost their power to trade away their fol-stock electoral ticket between the Bell party and the Douglas party of Georgia has been agreed upon;but itdoes notappeartocreate much enthusiasm in the camp o f either of the high contracting parties. Indeed, when w e coiinder that the Bell-Everett party is made up from the remains of the late American or Know Nothing party, and that t h e Douglas pafty looks with confidence to a very large share o f -the Irish vote,'' we must conclude thatTheMajor D. J. Sutherland, late Quartermaster of the Marine Corps, as a defaulter.'published in yesterday mornings HKKALD, created n o little excitement among t h e naval community, where be was so well and favorably known,Tbe exact amount o f the defalcationknown, but it is rumored that it will not rail far short of$50,000. Major Sutherland entered29th March, 1S43, and was breveted Captain on the 14th September .1847. He was afterwards sppoiated Assistant Quartermaster of the Marine corps a* Philadelphia, and. on the death of Major Iindsey, received tbe appointmeat oT Quartermaster o f t h e Marine Corps .with t h e rank of Major. Major Russell will remain the Acting Quartermas-lowers, andcompelledtolower theirtoneandrecedefrom their ultra positions by the very fear of deser- tion by their followers, Seward's position as a party leader was strong and marked in hisARMY MAVKHi.Major A. B. Ragan, Paymaster for the department PfOregon, has been ordered to change his station from Fort Dallas to Fort Vancouver, in consequence of difficulties in obtaining funds with which to pay the troops at the for- mer post.The property recently vacated by the Hudson's Bay Company, at Fort Vaaoorver. has beeo examined and disposed of by a board ol army officers, constating of CaptainNauman,SurgemBarnesandMa.torReynolds. The disposition of the p:op*i ty ie lodged with Captain In- galls.Fort Craig, New Mexico, will be garrisoned by com- pany G, mounted rifles, Captain Morris.t h e blackrepublicanshave beeni sa t present n o tbrutal a n d bloody speech in 1858; in 1859 he all attempts to mix these opposing elements will TheSavannahRepublicanBlues,whohavebeen fellbacktoamuchmoreconservativeposition; beveryapttofail.IfMr.Douglashastoberun teruntilsomeoneispromotedtofinthevacancy.designs of the abolitionist and their republican inridge. and all outside arrangements like thisPersonal Intelligence.Don Rafael de Obregon, of Mexico, ia stopping at the Asrtor Place Hotel. HCompany E, of Colonel Duncan's mounted riflemen, has been ordered to join the Camaache and Kiowa expedition as soon as it is relieved from present duty at Fort Union.allies and abettors.between tbe Bell party and tbe Douglas party in Georgia will come to nothing.tions and frauds.to withdraw from this Presidential canvass, so as to remove all obstructions to. a fairfightbe- tween Lincoln and Breckinridge, the only two candidates for President who will b e heard o fn the electoral vote of the Union.LACBA KSSRS'S TmunuL-^rhat Cantons comedy, " Our American Cousin" h a s been revived here with great suc-HIOHI.TIMPORTANT FROMPENNSYLVANIA—Ships and troops are being sent to Messina TO PAPAL STATES.announces theabandonmentof*Douglas,and comes out boldly for Lincoln.Mr. Hickman declares Douglas far inferior to Breckinridge; he gives a scathing record o f the Illinois Senators career, and pronounces8well; Conldock, Burnett and Peters are as clever as be- fore in t h e same roles; and the ladies, Mrs. John Wood, Miss Sara Stevens, Miss C. Jefferson and Mrs. Vining make'NEW YORK HHULD, THURSDAY, JULY 2fr 1800.f *NCWS FROMTHEMTWNAL CAPITAL Osur B p e t t a t, J m l y » , ISS8.ink GSxsiQOiwere steady at 6c. a 6jc There were on sale 4.20.3 Washington, this time to the amount of 180,000. .Mate Convention at Syracuse e n Tuesday, this The expedition to Chiriqui i s under the geaeni chargeand Lane, to nominate a a electoral ticket and whiletheaaieareachedabout1,900bales,etoaiagoathebeendismissedtbeservice.ThestabledooraStateticketforourNovemberelections. examinationsoftheIsthmusofChiriquiaretobe— Juiesburg,nearDenverCity,andfromPlacervtlietoCeThe cotton market exhibits* more too* yesterday,has become a defaulter In that sum. and hasappropriation of $10,000 made by Congress for It. TheThis is going to work in the right way;forbasis of quotations gives ta another column The flour has been carefully locked aad bolted after the 1st. Of the harbors at each estremity of tbe lineson Valley, to weeklytrin*. Tbe centra! portion af t» service remainsthis Breckinridge Committee, it will be ob- on which it la proposed to ran s railroad serosa moo sad medium grades of State and Western. Southern We stated several months ago, upon credible served, ignoring all tbe doings and arrange- the isthmus. These harbors have alreadymarket waa again heavy and lower. especially for coatalso partook of the general heaviness, aaa waa irregular, information, that numerous defalcations existed menu of tbe Albany Regency based uponthe surveyed, one by the French and one by thehorse is stolen.single lame between tbe parties, aad the poli- partments were fully investigated, defalcationsticians perceive more clearly every day the would be found, not only in tbe sum of half a Johnson, the abolition ticket o f Gerrit Smithy vey one or more lines across the Isthmus with the baroThe United States Indian Agent V^mg by tan tine reached the r e h a b * Cherokee reservation, he will lax*mmeatato measures for tbe ecpuisiou of the white n traders.Judge Greenwood, the Commissioner e f tadiaa Alain, willleaveWashingtoninthecourseofafewdaysforn* Pike's Peak country.futility ofendeavoringto range thepeople upon abstract questions of distant and doubt-million, but of many millions of dollars.andtheindependentSanJacintoTexas ticketmeter, spirit tevel aad transit. The profiles obtained by the spirit level will be checked b y those computed from the barometrical observations taken on the route, whichcontest to the only twoissues involved in it. andwillstripitofalltheambiguityandhum-bug with which it has been invested. W e and of Shenekl's accelerating cannonBoston, Mass. Tbe Board will nuke a always predicted that the anti-Lecompton of tbe trials and their results, and mayj ,'a?°°l1tl,iD?outoftneir temporarycontractwithhim,isdemocracy would come to this. Weknew thatto time, but will not be dissolved till ftthe War Department.ijectilesaf in each case from time ders fromt , i s led to for theviewed here by all who have any legal or official knowledge of the facts, to be a very absurd proceeding. The question was to be settled in the Circuit Court of the district to-day, but was postponed until Saturday. The authority held by Mr. Pangborn, who has been Selected by Gov. Ford to execute the work ordered incon- sequence o f the latter's illness, i s recognized by the pro-per authorities who s i t in judgmentlar, legal and just. Larcombe A English do not deny Mr. Pangborn's authority to act for Gov. Ford, but insist that Papgborn, who is a practical printer, shall continue the exceedingly profitable arrangement they were lucky enoughtemaketemporarilywithGov.Ford,whoisnota practical printer. Defrees, who figures in the papers as having commenced proceedings against Ford for a share of the profits of the printing, is the same man who run as a candidate against Ford as printer of the House,and whooffended many oftherepublicansby sending a letter to their caucus promising to give them a share of the profits if they would elect him. They spurnedForney, having received his office as Clerk of Assistant Surgeon C H . Smith. Mi detailed as a member of tbe Medical!the House from the republicans, should give meet at Baltimore on tbe 20th of SeplHickman is an hohest, outspoken man, and he signed to duty with.the Engineer company snow in thecomes out in this speech frankly and above board for anti-slavery and the black retublican candidate. B y thus abandoning Douglas, and goingbodilyintotherepublicancamp,tbeanti-depaitment of Oregon. Lieutenant Alexander will relieve Lieutenant Robert, same corps, when t h e latter will re- pair to Washington City and report in person to the Wat Department.Captain S. M Barton, First infantry, is detailed to makeasurveyofthemilitary reservationof|FortCobb, under tbe direction of the commanding officer of that sta- tion, by whom all the facilities for the purpose will be supplied. A map and field notes of tbe survey will be forwarded for tbe consideration of tbe War ItepartmenL On tbe completion of tbis duty Captain Barton will .join his company.A leave of absence has been granted by the War De partnient to the following officers;—Captain L. Sitgreaves Corps of Topographical Engineers, twelve months; Cap tain C. Fletcher, Ninth infantry, six months; Lieutenant W. E Merrill. Corps of Engineers, tw o months; Lieuten. ant T. J. Treadwell, Ordnance Department, two months.An extension of leave of absence has been granted b y the War Department to the following officers:—Colonel O. Loom is. Fifth infantry, eight montht: Major H. Brewer- ton, Corps of Engineers, three months; Assistant Sur- ConG. R. Wood, Medical Department, three months;eutenant H. H. Walker, Sixth infantry, two months; Assistant Surgeon Crawford, Medical Department, tw o monthsNawftl Intelligence.Georgia as to need the aid of Douglas, it would be a wise thing on the part of Mr. Bell to with-The United States frigate Congress, from Rip Janeiro,Ma. DOCCLAS mTBI SOUTH.—It ia very evidentOat from day to day the tittle party in tbeSouthdevotedtoIkeinterestsofMr.Douglasisdiminishing,whilethatofBreckinridgeisgain-ing strength from all aides. We dare say that the Union party managers of this State, had Washington, s s d 6 . O. Johnson, Esq., of Savannah, are•iKAVAL surrsss.A circular from the Navy Department to the com-all doubts of the fall vote of the South forBreckinridgewfflBoonberemoved. Weshould fromthisunprofitablecampaign. Wehopethatstopping at the 1 Itu Avenue Hotel.?"IL2? W , £ a f f l ° » •*•»b o t h P Connecticut: HiIMPORTANT, IF TRUE.—it was reported at a St. Nicholas Hotel yesterday. Houstonmeetinginthiscitytheotherevening Bsv.D.C.T.Davis,andwife.OfVirginia;Cap*.Anthomandants of yards fixes tbe eompensatioa of master me«*»w*w>,J«Uy2^.»'7' B tenot be surprised, indeed, if the popular senti- there was good ground for this report, and that ±J*£S&2*2* Hartford: Duiioat Burilfo. Eaa.,ot Mrw42,400 bushels corn. 18,700 bushels oats. ,tbe next authentic news from Mr. Everett will of Boston. are stopping at the Union Race HoteLpeculiar institution of slavery. This is the sumSi. The survey of the Isthmus itself, tto ascertain whe- alludedbefore;andnowintheMarineDepart- andsubstanceofthisneworderofthings;for thersrailroadcanbeconstructedtojointheharborspf General Sam Houston. But all these tickets. SOWMT THBATBS. —AT -I«K ful results, when the very existence of cotton be found in the incompetency of the heads of and parties are in the way, and serve only to will be referred to those registered at the fixed station. Arapaboes and Cheyeuses which, while it fixed the UsunHereinliestbemistakeofthepoliticalmana- seemtoknowwhatisgoingonamongtheir posedtothisthingofaperpetualsectionalwar metricalobservationsatthePacificterminusoftheroute, ofwhitepopulation,theyhavebeesseriouslycurtailedtagersand wirepullers. Theybelieved thatthe subordinates,orhowtheaffairsoftheir depart againsttheSouthern States andtheirdomesticmeats are managed, until after the mischief ison the shorts of Golfo Dolce (the harbor oa that aids), andItmaybeexpectedthatsomecariousresultswillbe obtained relative to the degree to which the height of the column o f mercury differs at tbe same levels on tbe t w oPacific and Gulf sides of the ridge.ever,theconservativeelementsopposedtoLin-KCBBT HALL, Mswark—Hootav A CAMFBXU/S Mm-, the stability of its principles of government— ing to their business, are looking after the gene- coln must co-operate with tbe South, or Lincoln and danger -not that the country presents any important induced to change their present mode of obtaining a preCAimCKBtTBT OONCKBT SALOON, No 6B Broadway.- - Ac.They forget the intimate relation that exists be-all about keeping accounts. The fact is thatern States against Lincoln. In the North, how-tweenthematerialinterestsofthecountryandthebeadsof.thedepartments,insteadofattend-Thisland expedition will be attended with difficultythe electric chain that binds the principles and tbe pockets of voters. Nowhere has aral politics of the country and the election for the Presidency.will be surely elected.engineering obstacles to a railroad being constructed, but because, from tbe shores of the Lagoon to the dividing ridge, it is intersected by mountain streams, covered with the densest tropical forests and high jangle, that iscarious subsistence.o r aTheCanada,whichleftLiverpoolonthe14th thepolicywhichanimatedithasbeenindirect uponthePresident,whoiswhollyinnocentinthe wecanbringtheforcestogetherwhichmakeup wildbeasts. AnumberofIndianswillbehiredtocat ARRIVALOFTEEGAHiDIITHALIFAX.HaurAX,Jaly,*,WSi The steamship Canada, from Liverpool, arrived at t k j port at half-post eleven A. M., and aaifed at six P. ktto-day for Boston.The Canada spoke on the 14th the ships J.Mortoa, Rock-land,andCandor;16th,theCenturionandFidelia,sad 2Sd, a large steamer bound east,Tbe steamship Asia, from New York, arrived at Qaesn town on the evening of the Ifitb, and reached the Mener the folio wing nightThe sews b y the Canada was fully covered by tbe de- spatch from Cape Race, with the exception of the hi- lowing:— ^ ^ ^ ^partygovernmentto obtain a permanent establishment when ed the opposition invariably charge the blame Indiana opposed to the republican party, unless almost impenetrable—a wilderness inhabited only b yever been ableWhen any of these defalcations are discover-a path through it, and to carry the packs of the party. Mule transportation Is out of the question. Once, how- ever , that the dividing ridge is attained, the surveyors en- ample,theinfamy manifestedpj theCovode glasandJohnsonwithdraw,andletBelland teradifferent climate, andtraverse beautiful scenery.trade. Before these all ideas and theories honest man in the government Take, for ex- by a very simple plan of operations. Let Dou- must recede, for political, moral and religiouscall of the State Executive Committee, after a har-monioussessionnominatedanelectoralticketcom- twenty-fivemillionsofdollarswhileyetinits exposedtheirownrascalityandmeanness, outofthewaythelinebetweentheconserva-posed of two Breckinridge and Lane men, two crudestate,and before the merchant,thema- everybodyknows. tiveandthe destructive forcesof thissection friends ofDouglas,andthree followers of Belland riner,orthemanufacturerhad putahandtoit Thetruthisthataradicalrevolutionisneed- wouldbesoclearlydrawnthattherewouldbe .Everett. to double, triple and quadruple its value to ed in every administrative department of the no difficulty in bringing out all our substantia)The Bell and EverettConvention nominated a men. Fromthisfountain flowsanimmense federalgovernment,asmaybeclearlyseenby interestsandclassesinfullandoverwhelming lull electoral ticket, andgavefullpowertothe streamofemploymentandprofit,whichcreates therepeateddefalcationsandmismanagement strengthagainstthisslavery-agitatingrepubli-PAISBBO,JuryIS,IMSh a s been formed. Assart, the histo-Executive Committee to make such changes in the ticket a s might b e rendered necessary, which is in ambstance onion with theBreckinridgemen.The straight out. Douglas m e n held a separate Convention, and with great unanimity and enthusi- asm nominated a straight o u t Douglas electoral ticket, and opposed all fusion with the other con- ventions.The proceedings of the three Conventions will be round elsewhere.and quickens innumerable branches o f i n - dustry in all parts of the country. The shipowners and the manufacturers of Newwhich a r e being brought to. light every day. We want competent business men at the head of the governmental bureaus, not mere politicianscan party.In a word, the best thing that Mr. Douglasand Mr. Johnson can do, and the best thing thatGaribaldi had received further sid to the amount of out million lire and fifty seven cannon.failed in doing so, and how thoroughly they Bell-Everett party; but if this ticket were alsoThe third branch of the expedition is the geological surveyoftheislandshitheChiriquiLagoon,forthepur-pose o f ascertaining the kind o f coal they afford, its pro-perties, the quantities it occurs in, snd the esse withwhich tbe mines can be worked. This survey is underDr. Evans, who will procure Indian labor on the spot toworkthemines;bewillalsobe assistedbysailors fromthevessel. AframehousewillbecarrieddownbyCapt. aadtheadvanceguardoftheSicilianarmy. Engle and erected in the vicinity of the mines, to give ahimbefore the people orbefore Congress, andcess, the house being crowded, every night.nearly the same as during its first run. Mr. Jeffersou is quaint as ever in Asa Trenchant; Sothern's Dundreary isup a most agreeable assemble. Everybody " Our American Cousin" once, if not oftener.shoulds e ereceipto f the intelligenoe Of t h edismissalo fshare in the printing profits.Ford repudiates him.nd brigs Dolphin and Bainbridge. with t h esteamer Pu-Cantonment Burgrom tenantO.G.Vaguer.will beunder commando fLieu-laski, were all a t Montevideoon thel t t h orJune.Offi-Hon. G. D. English, of New Haven; Gen. E. M. Biddle, Of Pennsylvania; A. D. fetches, Fiq., of Buffalo: and Joseph £*$*£ ?»«., of Cansds, ware among the arrivals at thewwmt b eservice o n t h eThe cast isThe advantages that will accrue to the United States from tbe possession of a transit route, with such noble harbors a t i t s termini a s this one has, cannot be over estimated. It is Secretary Tencey's instructions to hasten the operations of all kinds to the utmost, in order that a report upon the subject may b e laid before Congress a t the opening of their next session, i s his selection of Capt. Engle he has secured all tbe energy and ability that could be desired to carry out his wishes to the utmost and with the greatest despatch.THE PCBSW PRINTlMi.Tbe application of Larcombe A English, for an injunc-Wlwatquie; ««Vp<*2 thatMr.Everett,displeasedwith thedoingsof D. Shipman, E.-, . of Hartford ; Mr. Hojcomb, ol lag master ship carpenters, Whowill receive four «8c. made froeJy, bnt sot accepted sales toil f^**half made up bis mind to withdraw ia disgustalsoreceived perquisites from apprentices- wages,but 2A40bcsbel*wheat, ls.000 bushels corn. I•*•••"•_, does net increase their aggregate salaries oats. Exporto-2.389 bbls. flour. » , » • "userti *a*»1'a- made to tbe twelfth rate of the by-laws, makthespecialdetailingofmensubjecttotheap-mentoftbeSouthweretoassumetoamonth 2?£i**^J-<***••»•*.••<»E.formes,Ks', TBIAKMVMCTAI/XMIO*. CWCAOO.July24.l*w•The defalcation of Quartermaster Sutherland amounts Flour quiet and tending downwards: sales a» S*w orsoashapesodecisiveiadefenceofSouth- bethathehaswithdrawn. HeIsagoodUnion B.5.Douglas,Esq.,ofPhiladelphia;J.RAtwood.Eso, tosomethirty-threethousanddollars. The'suretiesare Mforchoicespring,$5aSI20forredwinter »">"erninstitutionsastoreaderaaadvocateof andparty,ofTaunton,Maes.;D.Camp!*?!! Esf twentyWethousand firm sales5,000bushelsat90cforNo2spring, "man,butinhispresentpositionhetointheDouglasinthatsectionaaunpopularasafol- 3.T".^T?*»»ofSswnnaa.andJamesLudington,Ksq" raxaswoRUtasHfowto»nasospaLQareM. bushelsat48c.*4S*c, instore. 0^^* J»5cntitledDocument' 7by which master mechanics were paid per diem, aad Cena! freights flrmat27e- oa aour. » » *TM**i*77r Be. on corn to New York. Lake importe-lW £ * * * • •better shelter than tents afford daring tbe frequent show- ers of the present seasonThe general plan of the expedition is, for the vessel toproceed at once to the Chiriqui Lagoon, and there setashore the surveying party (consisting of seven men in population is unquiet. all, besides the commanding officer) and the geologist,with his assistants. The vessel, after surveying the La-goon, will take Capt. Engle and his bydrographical assist-ant (whose name has not transpired) to Aspinwsil,whence they will proceed, via Panama, to Golfo Dolce,where a similar survey will be made, and where they willbe joined b y t b e surveying party which crosses t b eIsthmus; and soon after all parties will return to theStates, as before stated.When the latter ssw-Captain Beabam, Chief accompanies byday for the firstwith reference towith sndworkmenforcontractsupondifferentresults, it is believed tbat the one now contemplated will have a favorable effect, and tbat, in accordance with las earnest desire ofthe Arapaboes andCheyenne*, than will be secured ta the possession of permanent homes, ateTUB VERY LATEST HEWS. [BY VBLBGftxra VIA miSBBBHiai ] AFFAIRS' IN SICILY.Arian, and Errante, are among the number.s e wMinistryQcBBSfSYowB,July 16 IMS. A despatch from Palermo reports sanguinary cosbau tohaveoccurrednearMessina,between tbeNeapolitansCourtlandtV an Rensselaer, an ho ..or Ji aa4 W tiof another rise. In this they were mistaken, iower of Lincoln. The issue hasalreadyas- Unionwhichhemightdoifhishand sThe defalcation of tbe New Orleans Pastmasier is fullySt anach aa tbe tarn supply produced aa tutor*-sumed,insereralinstancesiatheSouth,some-www.fultonhistory.com109,009 bushel* corn. » 0 0 0SVc on rnrn to Kuflklj *>i*fat exciuase o« > ' •way, and can not do one-half tbe good, for tbeof Milwaukee, are stopping at the Inrarse HouseJudge Hastings, orcaUfomia; Professor WolSe, of r,oui- stes. Lieut.Carroll,of theUnited Ststev Army JamesReceipts—700 bbls. flour, 28.000 bushefc-wa*»t. « ^ -were un-4th StreetFulton New York 13069tied ftfl l*nttt k s \ Ai\n14 aiidii s—n I*!- * *-**corn. 1.700 bushels <«ts.£Ui *d-B3,0i» '***»-/* "*T_ WThomas M. Tryniski309SouthcoveredbyhissuretiesThe.office istacUarj> of \*pebu»beii ost* J * * ? ^ 