 -,-^ ^'^-^gf^^^Sf^^-;^^-^'^fj^p^^*'^VOKUOM GOSSIP.A OoioixD GmuKJur ArromtD to na 0«nin»ii>t or X BamaB Couwr.—Toe Britbhwas indleled to the „ tfi theafibe of Robert Bonner, the well-l£o'iHher, fMi order forpayatetgr iwaiey, «kitWbAa; be did not wWi ttfiM^^MHiiafr br glr-Usnslaame. He thJF^^^^^"^'*Honor said thaf]well, aad ragvptted Ikkt te SilOtfvHnaaat a|>p«sr to be dctaaaiiied to ffMUeotto priaeipkaof cfiaBtr Mt ibith in the AaMmoctofemneipetiim. ItfaonlyTerrUtelr,thefL.-_ttve; and that allRoads, tfteita, gives soma latar- carriedbacktoAWeaWOofthenegroeswhocheck.The first witoess called waakg^^^rt harrMBBted to «hen:Bask nalll tlie articles oflOOiiai> it*eOm, tdlLViikfm^Mflm»f>f> or the Black u iithlDgleftduced.Judge GooLB said It was not necessary to be tooor- pistol on too afternoon of July 4. The boys had a 13* doMJi M 3;b«WK do. <^a»Su3in tirafirCataniea Uke Bnbados, there is a broadbeing.•i»4MSas do.JWMI,WLJi^M*POKftatequet Evepyet,ofrobberrtosustaintheireaaae.FoUowine in tbUaelf-exaiqlnatlon more Implacably50 .. l"**»faltillUH 1iet#een the OelrMtlncUu, who is ever so Ughtlyrace tai the United 8tate»— are circumstance* whichd^.VH*g>pareL«C>A&ican descent, and it would propltloiis to ut, that this repayment maybe made coiiformaiion of the cranium.'.'.' .'.'.' .'.'.'.'.'Jj^Snntainsecration to the cause temed a blind and ages fifteen years. They represent that former manyI policy Ito-Kmore altogether« hlch recedes and suddenly from the brows,sawBeach preseLtthat he could not pay such a large amount ofttu J«»wlcW to Weat Indian interests.have avoided through the generous resolution of Seilor DobladoItmmftSingaton,SS^ Mr. SaHWIcontinued fayorable martcethklipiacca'fkiMOK Ai.ntti> ^asuikhappy fartone quaUSedwUhs drthat I mlebt be permitted to die for my causeBiSrand nwre recenUy.although may suiTer even to the reproach tograti- tlie meslan hne— an row like 'utes afterwards he returned, andeMsMaar, another gentlemanof color, and atode from the same (»ovemment that has covered me with honors, the true iDterests of those who accuse me for this olTenoe against its dignity will remain cer-leaving apermre In thean inverted U. aad ethers have both rows sharpened like baws—which givea the mouth the appearance ofian old-la sh oned nt-trap. All bear marks of the tat-Witness saw presented coimter. coimttog the money.andoldest toe sporting paper In toe United State*—SpiritIsland of Granada, has been appointed Clilit.tflliii of Honteerrat.AdBiinististor of the OoremmentIt Isrequire indorsers of checks to be identified. 1 can-not rememberof the Timet.The plhtollff, who is toe author of " Tom Owens,toe Bee Hunter," and other Western Sketches, claimsas they were calculated,toput up the Stoek Mar-HOioftlanbjectoftheQoeencan ^US^ 'aa a social equal anypris- oner wore, except that they were dark. My impres- desire to oon<tiifr the sympathies of those who are llie is he nad no whiskers, as I stated at thekers, the bidding in the ,^tiaet waa^on these two with afocka,in her realm.aa obalinacv, criminal until 1 havetiielr parenta were killed in a sanguinary struggle withtlietribebywhomtheirvillagewassacked.Keyhave to the Bank, but I should think more than 500M%Pifa»y«fpaaratoh«.TB ^xe^ed ^^amatlfa Mitlpndaestated, wasso to see four overjoyetlJt'^esEi^tiM "fQoodBiipOtniigtitaad my ooaany again rise h^ipy and respected with correctly imdetstand, h« neices. They are all on board.andwas the first teller of th* Nassau Bank. I know, he soon be made, by^ the biuiness in the afteinooD. He' raae^Mljtlgpi^^^ jH^-r*'*"* bearingatthehoursof10A. and4 M.,P.M. Themessesarethe last he Is assistant teller; witoess;pab- llcation, and to return a large and remunerative in-of the dear ^^^^^nonogUy woo the hearts of an. Beseemsdividedintocompaniesofteneach,andwuetotheun-continued,on the SAth of October, 1859, a person came into the Bankandpresentedthechecknowproduced. Itoldblm that I could not it, unless the indorsement paycome. itwasallegedalsothatthedefendant,SE^^*«totter writer.luckywight togetintothewrongpewhad Hays, ap--SiMFt^roDndpapers. Accord- revised edition of the sermons of the Chief Priests and.,publicunfortunatelycaught byfoot,onlypull-comprehensive9Onagedisturbances in Canada during thehowever piously and devotlonally inclined they might feel.But as time wore on the Tabernacle was qoietly re-on band as much as he could take charge of^After some otoer remarks of Mr. Whiting, Mr. Ashmead. on the part of the plaintiff, responded at some lengto. The Court toen took toe papers and re- the witness swore that the party who ordered the served decision. The matter was beiore Justicechecks had whiskers, whereas the first witoess hadidiOelttielmpoitaneeasach a aiodosty and caodesoenalon in hiaHe left and soon came back with the name of"tindtne people to worship hia as aspoont they turn them and clean bottom-upwardsnenrbcMekadslgUof. Poorllttle undergo oattemest and adoration eat aa otdtanrpetaonage,bat hisMtaUranO' •oataunag, and lie aeemed ii*»go«nylhtlg«Bs.aottwrt he eould jmtt and nphdd Us lllnatiioiia Urth,|te1he most pnpoaaesatBg manner." I^Odocraiioi or Stbu.—Accordiagpared:[Cityreviewingcontroversy,toto the hands of a Receiver, anddrawn the up byvency—toeto an ordmary civil suit an action could not be mato- owe over one hundred dollars to toe world.nJVapjPiMiLtoceasefrombeingtheinstrumentofanaad &cdon." . AtaJM impractipableI days gave'"-ftieUcMt might have deprived the Bar tA England 'physician,brother of the was called. He slgntogto tliem a part of Piers...'jgMideman's—for their wni't^i and chained to rtogbolis on witoessleases. The rent to be under toese leases by the paid•'(dropsy. "Twenty peroutlay•and last,proportion.-but I do know that Blbik C. Kfinurt, and my self used %Sb In board aadef 'itr. Edwoi JAiiia, and laid low a future 80-t-cent, of deaths is a largebut toe mortality was greater in the steamer .\ laearn,the Corporation. Counsel for defend-gtat^weapon,knowledgeof their wives' fortunes, and as the choice i^ to Paica lies between imprisonment and flight, ft ia probable that he will prefer the latter. It is said that he is fully prepared to found an Aga-;cdvetyand forOn the afternoon of Sunday, BaiouAU aad Hsasa taken tliat they should be clficient drivers. The agent stance that his brother had left Ptilla\)elphia with a for non-payment of rent, toe sum of $2,3uti 48intheUnitedStates.Tbx Cottoh Ihdcstrt of Esolasd.«» -industrial%it adUion persons are supported in England byeottiai—that thirty million spindles are employed quentlypemoneitwere the cause uf1 ^ ^^^ ^was a minister prisoner could not raise any side whiskers,of BritishenterpriseKeyWeston the 12th of June, arrivtd at M^a- K/1). Mr. Gonzalez deposed toat he^«he Selaaie of the Ceadaeta by the I.lheTaI •'ji--'- Traere.Doubtless many unhappy people in the States, as well as in Utah, find it rather a diffictMt thing to getone out cf the two-hundred and seventy-one shipped at Charleston.second The Grand Jury also handed to toe degree.The Court sustatoed toe position taken by Mr. An- derson, altoough concurring wito defendants' counsel to that the objection wouldhave been more properlyIlessness of hasty legislation toe definition is implied, rather toan expressed, and it is of toe utmost Impor-The Railroad Casea.'-aeM the mere revelation_ '^ fland The fact that several murders have been committedtoe entire estate of toe tesutor to his own family—the world now knows, and In: 7I9MUHI'^ repeat', Q] ,.-' 'highly probable;the the Nassau Bank were not to hi£ nier-^hants, t'oard. The third who-rf name I have not heard,writtoghe neverftm'ai.t.s claimed toat toe.«e belonged to improvementstoem. and had attempted to remove said improve- ments, but had been prevented by the officers of the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs had converted these im- provcmenis to their own use, and should be made ac-it that it every conscience, that in the bloody etrug- as the Impotencies are equalized, and , ^.^ Tietoty or of reverse amount only to ^CiiniUanf, which rend and t>leed the socialStn-KXMB CouBT—SriciAi. Tsaa.-No*. 35. 114. 88, 105, 117, 59, 60, 118, 7, 74, 99, 120, 13], 123, 123, 124, 128,a feeling so prejudi-andMr. told Brigga theThus, lately,mightthanRichard nership hltoertorefuse to lec- one whom she, asupon back, aad many-tlte women especlaUy—over thewhat colored clotlies or hat thena G^ii.—The "otheras nrach enUin- mUo iMtle brother has inmyatleastout ofation| bay«nof Inqnrore-my ofAkvbxdatGraham'a steppersonwho presented the cheeky sufficiently depriving Um of that andauthority to whichof his and poaitlon,well, and would go to him and obtato his identifica-tion.Robert Bonner,"adjournment of the Second Board the following quototions were made on the Street as coia-of .Bmopean Fowers, the occupation of them totatoed without its being set out that the Bank was an The allegationstororporated Company, and its locadon given. There and articles proposed for publication by him. had been was, lor instance, a Nassau Bank m Brooklyn as well thrown out and were denied,ir^resentatiTea• f the that his contributions platoUffwaa limited to six months,expedition landed at Beyiout, fiiUy at Salt Lake is notgrave,disregarded, specificallyas in this City, and the description was necessary be- as also the averment toat Hays had embezzled moueyItroopanotever maelt tt may alcite the jealous fears of diversaadwfli certainlyobjectparties concerned,IfioTeramsnts.that he en- wasand bad b«ena check with greencanrintoCeaaiml 8ee*}emi.be made applica-iisil*' teWAXDin New-Totk. "The isfiedtaaaspirationsofHe said hetogtoffpreaeitlloweondllloB of the proper management,it couldto this how- shadows before. arrangement,f:enewriatih the distribution of their food—is a ng propertato officers from the Nassau Bank had told him that ests of all boto to ownersthey were out of a certain stylo of check, which we creditors.— «HIHIKXTOLCIION. ThOcargoes. FsAircisoo representsto this bustoess, and after his work was donepofrltor there,a thip at the endusing1 asked blm what his name was,—gotimmovablyC'tiv'n o' tftts yhip, an' f'// do what I please."The 5liip South Shore, which sailed from New-Yorktoat POttliig lia end to tta auflerlnncombat, wmeh is orgaalxedjrom the heart offtinOtss to bnak out imon the field of battle, the fire- brandlayswastethefieloa,plunderandpUUgedestroy com isa oneand *b«Same it al vs. Hubach et a(.—Motion DICiSIONINTHEDZYLINCA8»—SECONDTRIALOt enttermhavebeenalarmtoglynumerous,andtoey with$10costs. PiaintiAtostipulate,private fortunes, hatred and extermination signalixewltli tlMir victims the simple transit of troops, and Intheir demeration the tempestnons paasioBS of party rale aa in a state uf delirium, and are dragging the .aaaoB Into an aby»s of opprobrium by various paths ? !£r *^,?^^"i*• "PPlause of many who beUeve that tte UBIhUaUon of our political being wiU be to putBATID BKACQ lOB TBK HEATT rOBOERT, IN TUa present toe foregoing matters to tbe consideration of the Court and the public authorities, in toe hope that Vtim OV ROBEBT BOHNEB-Oir THE LEOOKB, ON means may be devised to place additional safeguards toe—.,. .-. 1^thatmhUlnglawat its opening, read a briefThe horsa-stealera are not all defunct. Several tion to <;ua.sh tlrt indictment to toe case of CharlesofTwelvedecision,denytogremarkedtoatthetoneoftheiClesonraas—anIndispensableeleooeuttoenable «s to tora'thSB to advantage.> ne^MMIMil of twenty thousand men upon a .^opo&SM' alraady exhaaated, the transfonnatlon ofandthe Probate Court. While to^ Cityber,pleadednotguilty.Daniel Wiseman, tod Icted for the murder of HesterUOOEricKailroad.»«0*0do7b3i Sl5 78.xMwfr^oaBtnnilTectioBaBarehial ^upThemotinted a mule, and made himself scarce.sanguinary, «bee9ltBS<iotiordi*e^pUBe,ofiinttTaDdoflawtothi8sion the Jury failed to agree.yesterday weie Ex-Recorder Smito and Mr. H. L.compensations, each out-Apostles."Judge GouLSment was to toe highest degreewithstanding toe editors of newspapers knew moreabout criminal law than the judges themselves, hewould repeat what be had elsewhere said, toat the 4,000 L,a C.I1M.L.O.BS M 20tl.S. i .N.I.(heaume a that I reapooalhiUtygreaterprisonerand BaitwAH shut C9i/i^!Hl* latter to Gasibaloi has not been pub- his mouth, while the Dettret Hem failed to enlighten . Jyl^^aad different accounts of its contents are the Saints and the rest of mankind with a second andof tlie.~;|!lCiiK .Qkaboi Distusbances ix Canada. In Prophetwork of toatlearnedgentleman, and the partisan demonstrations arer condemned, though the loyalty of theis not even doubted. The Iion- I unite in the belief that the Duke of9wiU receire nothing but approval from I of Parliament for his firm refusal to I Prince to seem to countenance displays; identified him.'"ftfJOnftfeiatnln Canada.longer.Now, BuoHia bivors us with one or two sermonsOfficer Elder testified to the arrest of the prisoner atrtJ^^flMantnear seya: "The follovring Capua,—Murfm if. Beach,resident of Philadel-—The EscAFS.every Sunday in the Bowery, and seems to be regaia-Mayor,aoBwiii..»i»rii„ "¥'K''"^^£f?2S"ilDtomvtelf,tounhappycontrast,-5.000 lliH«artBt.Sj>.r..jTn^S *.faeBar.Ny.kR.istM mji;^'??'^'^J!."Tf!C nltel;a«D la the Cs^of Asssai^Ltr.- .Msasli do.,do..lglUeli.g..*j,.,»jii»^ M J"gIU.C«.lL8er.«».'«buv^BnglUi eodety in the West IndiM SStXiS^vU dwiShave made of the foods that are The writer sayssau Bank.Ex-Recordrr Smith objected to ItsthiSSidi^ofM^o.«iAa<,iia.7K.tI reply._..41 rean. Coal Co. 83lith. Clergy, their "projodieee egaiiMt f^omMeHh a povrerful banker; while we hare the same thing, we hare learned that there are por-and desire of the Home au-nearly as eoob as the notice of this shall reach Bu- rope.Is peculiar in some, face being developed at the expense of the upperhandsBrtggs.the first teller.About HitXOIIOB FOB A BECEIVKBTO6PIBIT OF THE TIKES."Themat B. Thorpe vs. Edvard E. Jonei andis aa actloa to dissolve a part-d*•aTaitSAT. OeL It—P. M,Saxon and«Msr* F rie Ranraad.laiiiMa d* M—a_toachedtoThe ber. lbS9, bis attention waa called to a check to ttieSlliawr'h^«n«f^v"^''From the dlflerenoea In words given to express'but to open the veins of the people and isk tbelr blood in order to avert from onimlves thetions af three tribes innot so marked as toand have more frame,delicate hands and feet than the blackorder to renderAfter some discussion among coimsel. the todict-Quarrel, and altoough Judge received a slight wound, top case was of UtUe importance. The jury acquitted30* d*atlsmathan the most Isaplacable exeeuUODer, I answer to theThese Africans are smaller in loss muscular,ment was handedCracken.Edward Kernes, indicted for r«elvlng stolen goodswas tried and acqmtied.Anether Spertlas NewspaperN. T. Central^Wns Msn2 .77 ill hStS*And ftir these reasons Ipresent myor leas extent;then handed ts the pris-Jamaica, was made a Compan- that It should rest alone him, beeauae uponstrongerthe checkwasHayi.—Tbis existing-^ satiMr Botniiig p^eiaWeather—GeaerallatcUIaeaee.Hooper or James Appleton, eitoerof wtiomhe toougbt a proper person to be appointed Receiver.The defendants, oppustog toe appllcatioa for a Re-^t LastSundaymorningOksonPxattsaidthatbeand a niunber of others were about to start shortly for thephia, andwithIts certainofthe Gorenanent, and the posalbiUty, If fortune isWtedaaiaiioas byioreignefsrepaymentstate that, on the 2«th of Octo-.baoasaured.I have not desired to present a vindication, nor toCrota-examineiL—customarynecessarytotainlytoo, some upon the shoulders and others the breast,ket Before ttie seadatto-day. early «f>te 4n^upon the field of battle.bustoess,defendantsespecially, ment did notProia Oar Own Oorrsapoadsat.Gbeac Sau Lake Citt, Friday, Sept. ^I, 18M.If there are any sanguine individuals who have consoled ttiemselves with the thought that Mormon- ism has received an eternal quietns, I would advisesuchperson.Robert Boimer being examtoed. deposed that he didnot write or sign the check to question, neitlier on thelaylonger. It certainly appears to me tliat Mormonisml^aatf -prq>ajed for s long campaign, peo-Ite nnderatand that a longer occupation rest Incidental to it during the war of the elementsi ; andnow,accordingtoaletterfrom bAuBtosro'Hactpoclto theFrenchKinis-imi>ressionplatotilfhad transferredpart-"(jpt^dCWUitke occupation, :3BMii.attheveryleast. TheSyrianChristiansassertthatheboughtthemviithfood. The principal man in this Company—who acts ;iS athechequenewshownme,heproceeded,wasoutof &auptelirttle,andtoatitwasina condition.the past two or three years. A retiral, a reformation, itissaid,mustlasttwo arenewalofthespirit,orsomeotherlivelythingofAUxander Roberteon, lithographer, of No. S3 Ful- failed to perform stipulations ou his own part. ton-etreet. deposed that he knew the prisoner, and They further denied plaintlfTs statement that toe: eyes, with no one to say "a of who had been his checks 1to two or three blm, at his request, a few loose checkshe, too, had a of business on hand. He was plentynow WTitmg the biography of all tbe distmgulshedand mentoathadeverlived,toatnowlived, toateverflatteringand after gazing until it is no longer visible,turn away with the utmost indifference. There wasone case in which a few tears were shed, though the iore evidence of loigery could be received. of tbe concern. On toe otoer hantf the defenJantsbut on theto be awaking from the slumber, or arousing from thedead,contraryceasedwiththem. Adressorgown,be- "The Court overruled the objection, and the check averred toat toelonging to a young girl who died suddenly, was torn was read by the District-Attorney and examined by nership moneys from one Bank to another toio narrow stripb, and all who could obtain pieces the Jurv. in an imwarrantabic manner, and toat he had rolled them into cords, which were tied iiround theirwaWs. Almost before the breath leaves a dying man,tlie one nearest will take possession of his effccu, andthe sort, seems to be very near the doors, casting itsthose which I printedwhen the prisonerWhat doest thou !"tile gentlemen, brought here by business, curiosity, or —thefortuneofwar,mightardentlydesiretoheartheselves. In oiie pimlsliedforsome.misconduct,gotonthesiilp'srail andwasslippingover,whenthecriesofhercom-him a promised proofdiscourse, but he hadr of the English journals continue to discuss no wortl for them, and there was no church to attend,onemember visible, andname and as-part,projects at the occiput To atheir teeth are prominent, and muchthose of the white man. Some have the upper front Identified ;unction to their souls aofirst privately, then publicly, and " statedopened,—preaching"or rather In Salt Lake City, for the other parts of Monnonlsm were not so much affected as this by thedisturbing influences. BaioBAK, however, kept silentLxoNAxn, at Chambers of the C^urt. Supremebecame once more an institution in Utah,deposed to the contrary, and the whole theory of the A wtodsail was nm down the after-hatch to ventilate delence Is to turn on the whisker question.Abbott A Fuller and John W. Ashmead for plato- tlff ; J. R. Whiting and Mr. Lafarge for defendant*''* for the of a time" spacestiucted abaft of the mato hatch, (between-decks) toktep tlie men separate from the women, who, withthe Doys, occupied the after part. Much dissatisfac- Ea^t Boston on the day toe Europa was to sail for Eu- The <J<., vs. Tht Parker Vein Steam-g^eyjetp-Botk gjwcg, toetoibagf October 17, I8gt.,who, as theBut. by public opinion, rejected by of her tiie number carried topapers frlMMls,and by cause, the daughters amongIf oosdemnedhold,theI have now taken shall be eaabled to triumph,to know tiimOeorge H. briggt was the next witness.righthis position entitles him. Us avers that notwithstand- appeared to give way* and ooi^Deid wa^ tolis Indepcadenca liccuied, then will be more than sat- SANTOSDEGOLLADO.AFFAIHS IN DTAS.VeTfral ef Marsaoatsaa—Tonag'a Preaehlag consume a tierce to leas than four days. In ustog—fSeneral Spirit ef the Peeple—TImpaper,a valuableit seems— Europe six fellows were caught stealing bread to the lower Kent and otoer physicialf^, for toe purpose of going to aaj for he had just r^sed hia foot off the step of seem from BaiaaAii's speech which followed, that he hold^ having entered through the forward hatch, which Europe for toe benefit of his health, he betog troubledhis earriage, and was getting in, when a bali car- was about to Inaugurate a new policy in sending out lled off the step, doubtless quickening the learned missionaries, for he told the people that he wantedto the defendants toe leases for the half of each ofthem to donate what they pleased for the movements." missiouory— oiLcis were unlteit at the ankle-sthe the fetters being toofor be lutended that the mUsionaries should A Rttai job Brigham Touso. Phice, the be transported to their destination, and, if necessary, notorious heed of the Agapemone or Free-Love brought back borne, and their families supported dur- 'Aode l> England, has made r\p his mind to emi- ing their absence, by donations from the faithful who to this country. Tluee distracted husbands were herti. I am informed that this new system takes laiie faetituted actions against Peici for the re- freely, and that liberal figures have t}een already sub- scribed to the ml^siona^y fund by tho:<e who arenever in Ms life haddeck, VI here they passed the idgiit. On the lollowlng any siue vtliiskers; that toe whole family, from hia equal quarterly payments. In case the rent was notm<>rijir:g lour more were added to the number and the grandfatoer down, had never been able to raise any paid when it tell due at any time, or witlun ten days whoie pariy lashed vtth a cowhide. The thick welts liiur on the face higher than the chin (forming a thereafler, the leases were to be void, upon service of upon their backs bore ample testimony to the fact t.'iat goatee) and upper lip (moustache). To the positive such notice upon the defendants by toe Comptroller.—purpose,largetestified toet theprisonerde:endants, was t8.8UU annum, to be to per paidblessed with the privilege of stopping at home.Coiporatlou for rentpierb,wharfaireboth, were considerably down on the merchants, espe- cially those who kept thops here before the army wajsenttolJtah. TheMormonshaveremonstrated with the captain against th* severity ofthis treatment, but without effecttog a change ; theaLSV\er " You've got noltitng to do%:itti 'em. I'm tetog,miin named Cro.>.s, who had been tried in the city of Brotherly Love for some offence, but counsel fur de- fence ohjecttog to its nature being stated, a long argu- ment ensued, the Court ultimately sustaining toe ob- jection.from toe Ist ofand upon $ tS 48 from the llth of September, 1854.The action now caHie on for trial before Justice BosvcsTH, in the Superior Court, and the plaintiffs having proved their case, rested. The defendants' coun.-el toen opened the ilffmce, stating toat thuj- should set up a counter claim. Tbe doiendanUs had made certain improvements, sheds, Ac, on the piprs,"1ofousprotectonrta,(8panlsh protectorate, sourttbv stolen from Mr. Cbaxus CauaAii's herd, near thepresent-I.COO Missouri St. 6a.. 79'4produced lU Inevitable reactton' y 9^!S!J^^ cSaectlonable when under the golM of west of this dty. Of course the Indians have to boarWOteetMi: the association of nnwrupulous caDital- "iifcaicwBliaprosUtoted clergy, hatred agalust both ou giMM^alaaWB: the geld of the Church esteemed more4,000 70 lOO do , l.tiOOKrieCon.Bds.11-ralpMe than the blood of the people, thejustlfica-Ijaao and Saii- Walsh appeared at a settlement on the Weber,feat thetotercsts of200 111.tin. B. MJ» *-np^attacks upon all property.' Bflusriraliyof sadd;Urinms, it was necessary tooai.aod offeredpreventtoepunishmenthighest crimes, and to-1080:ihe idea rtftS^ nightsago,fifteen or sixteen horses and mules wereDevlinand Mr. Graham of announcedhisintentionsTM':,*' 600 lilch.SoJd Ht.B8 V^h lOOKicb.^.i.V.I.R.boO; '« -•'•tStififIte, in some decisive way, the cause of civUl- *o theirNo. 3*7.Niw-Yosx, Oct. S«, 1859. NASSAU BANK.9*ii .]S3ob30«Sof Independence, of the people, and of theirhoaght.Pay to A. M. Davis, Esq., or order, Thirty-one100 doT0IT vietories which had b«ea propltlooa to usROBERT BONNER. defraud tlie Nassau Bank ofThis case was tried to toe General Sessions In Feb- ruary last, before Recorder Barnard, but on that occi-do John McGoun and Ann Mctxoun, his wife, indicted 6S do for toe murder of Jotm Rotuke, on the 4to of Septem- 1« <to*"heM-fc—. nfJlT"'.'*^<1asil«lillliii iliii extenaination was could bring no billCounsel tos, the prisoneraeletiaaostear,bnwireality which all felt r -g^BaJMmgnaisttdhy the presence ef the resooieea con- -T-isTTEjcooitocta. ^theandthey CUnton. Theehn' deceive bis own catasdence t who has ne^s.sLes' ife^«^o;t?f2i?fty cents a In his siieat commonlngs wtfli God and;not guilty.WilUam WWIe, todicled for fbruery in ihsHalis the real Import of such aa act tMartin Mar-their noddles that the merchantsLata inshow tliat the Utah war," or at least egged It on, and saiJ fortea, coffee, sugar, calico, the delectable weed.though not lea.1t,a sixpence go, perhaps, as far as some would make aH. H. Anderson forplatotlffs ;that I have done wliat Iand the Lord had done the rest, and that was all IThe particulars of this exploit are so enveloped in a cloud of glorification and mist, toat the facts are not easilyobtained. Hugestoriesarecurrentabouttoese mighty Nimrods betog pursued up hill and down dale,It is so impertect as to giverise to doubts In toe gravedefendants._^^___the "Beneciaquarter or a dollar go knew about it.cuuM, Of course, there are some things ISuch an excellent oftake the care-wrinkles out of a mah't brow.system or shot zens should be atsasstoated in toeir homos,riches.AmongehBdna,aueady-aineoftham Parlorppera,"which«»«„,ong and deprived, one areBnn Satur-atfractlvo to this;;guilty, pleaded guilty.to mv country. I had preservedfor (niarlestor.Jajn.^- H. Cook. Jotui thatandIn the bottoms of thisValley slightfrosts have al-Tuesday, with Nos. 581, 7es, 813, 951and778 added.;Courts whetoer, under whatever can tte legaliy in4icted in thi.' State for the crime of murder in thefirst the totent of toe act to defineof awtaicbtls terrible punish-tlie sacred 01 honor. religionlisunedtotbe past aad there is per- when we started we had but $13 50.' And 1 do know £hot at toem from every bush and fence comer, yet hit IWWiiWlHiiiliiiMiii Iiiii III llliiiiil repmaeh, a coose- that I once took a %i bill out of my pocket, wheu we none of the valiant hunters. These were ttie stories''toatio men 'The suit againstboard of Ada Isaacs Menkto,Boy," was set down forwlioI tlK eaiinence of that moral scaffold wtiichthat I do notready begun to make their appearance, though I bo-Oyer aod Tcraalaer.Ueve not to do to the Themonth ofBlngbam^sCafion. about twenty mlle« south-applyii.geral Term of Ihecarry toe case to t.'ie Supreme Court.4,000 m. C. B. Bonds. 97 160 do....-...; " «. Sthat they were Another bit of sharp, or, at least, unsatisfactoryThe District-Anoruey toen called on the case of DavidEtach, indicted for forging a check for *3,156,to be the signed by Robert Bonner, on:I,o*OGal.*C.adM.B*. 9630 Ex. Batik. .VH\ Aawr.CO Pacific Hails. Co.. »<200 do f:>?Panama20 BO'';?,'Hi lUthewhite liuUans.it isblane, thoughpractice has occurred lately. ThomasCotuity Jail for trialth* documentswere being drarevqnuiringglieJ^^^Sit^tw;he.r^e' t_h, T ofmeInthename SBattractiveastheydeservrMdilyaraments tillrer it over to coivter hortibla agony, thelyituieanddeclaretad anyi but the necessity,e "probablyj'geltoer Jurors wereconnectionwitoNassautoe Bank,»I0 bills which proved to becounterfeits,ment of CoL Wood, a aiiowmaa almost a» irtUsd09*oonliei, whli* laihe soUtods of my Bazntua uliuselz.notedasanJudge Gould said that he ought but that he could not remember a»yforway doing may well b3ii. 106)t,il9, 115.under which it would be impossible that citi-— — Lbohabd, J. Lesure vs. Lesurt. Dr>orcegranted. et Motion denle 1. Btilhiffer vs. Hubach «!.—yet any damage gardens.crop good may considered safe,&c. SDPEBIOK COURT SPECIAL TEBM.as the harvesting of it Is getting well on. Thecane is beginning to ripen, and on rich warm lands there will be a &ir yield, if the frn-ft!, iioM off a few weeks longer.Among the numerous recent arrivals In this city was ]lr. Asa Caudx. ex-President of the Mormon C:i<irch in Oie British Isles. The successor of Mr. Cujtis Incountry is Mr. Ahiba LraA.t, one uf thethe" En^lfhIK rnK LAW KELATING TO CAPITAL PimiBHliBNT. Judge GooLD sat yesterday in this Court, and,class of offenders.GaASB JosT Room. New-York. Oct. 15, 1660.ISAAC H. BAILEY, Foreman. FuTCBia IlAXPsa, Jr., Secretary.commendable.loose legislation shown to tite alteration of toe law relating to capital punishment was calculated to de-revolvers for sale, they having waysexcitedsuspicion,sonorevolversBy and by Mr. Faics, wagon-master of Mr.'"h w 123N.Y.C«n.R K^non'-l4.">0Ss do ««»»« *Chl'^*«»".. Kitand charged the men wl'Ji stealtog the platots from hi* 3.150. Ataa point of being sterilizetl aod lust for the train. The Wlto Intent to..btOKitbeforePbics to as a witnessThe oniefbcliig thus not forthcoming, the Grand Juryytolfy. pleaded not guilty. 1000 Sarak Chapman and Margaret Donobue, two young 760girls, indicted for in toe second pletuied forgery degree,not guilty, and toelr case wa& remanded to the General Srsflons (or IriaLWilliam Brigby, indicted for an assault on Robert Winn, wito a knife, with totent to kill, pleaded not guilty, and was sent to toe Setalons.Daniel Capin, todicteU for highway robbery, pleadeddegree, pleaded notdo'^ij-.^liw h=0 4C;4j4lOrifhf ."•^'^^"d'.nglyl»i.« rfi"?*;Ahriena. First Ward;WllUam J. Brown, SUtcento^ Mr. AdaOIS. with his Californiabeen here. Menagerie,asstockholders challengedperemptorily,andonehe washe tried to pass. He said ^f' !'"-''?' vv«,tiailsd for Bavaaa, on Saturday, uudgfbeen a depositor to the opinion.formedTroy, had been a Deputy Sherifl. t„nw himsteppedapopuetaorf the office,prisoners, Uberated. It appears, therefore,against*h*zj ^3 adftonaedssd at the moment of the great tempta- tJTh * «'«'ca was an accomplice in the thett.or that Jan L'S Butler. Sixteento Ward Alonzo B. Peck,-sugar-WocBRorr, J.—llidwell vs. /"rdraiM.-Motion de- nied, wito $10 costs.MONETARY AFFAIRS.Bale* at Ike 8<«sk Bzekaiace—Oct. 16.St. 6*. 100 SSO Ccn. Rtl,«00 Michigan Mich. «*|iII S'X doa dozen orwere y^''"o'atratooxmerchabdlse,madebisappearinoe nuBdredandfifty-sixDollars.i<>do ^men were arreated, brought to this city, uijureand examined, aod, to default of ball, committed to the of New-York..bSO 78LIRMI FfepK IBB--tiimwxr. a.i«.'74»««.m bfimTana.StrSsrMrTs&liSl2S?.l«—*•5*oRmnoa A tetter, Id the Cnnd MountittIt will be recollected that on the advent of the army Krooman. The iO'oomen live upon the coast, arehad already done for the Bankthat he was a de-theBowerywastorndown,theTabernacleclosed.tcaimen, and are often employed in shippmg slave;Ex-Judge J. R. Whiting, In an amusing speech, op- posed toe application on toe pan of toe defendants.Gen-tostance. girl 15,drawnattentlonltothe panions having spot,;OV TH> OOL- BRI^^^A^ajlilfAeulAMB,QaBoainir^ fsrssmov.:Philadel^ /Mutrer, dated atKey West from captured sUvera..Cava•sthig pMiculars of the veyafe of the ship C—tUism,3,000whichhad been taken toBank yesterday. lOOceaa MHdoubtiessattributabletothefact U>at cuttomed to much labor in their ownare unao-itoess proceededaS3OSS d*M de.4e1(our lot. preventIntercommnidcailon.to—The prtocipal article of food Is rice, of which theyfor he iswhohfippens suii;maruy ejected.cent, below tbe And; after tka caning prices:out the contents with their tongues. They have ravenous sppetltes, and when not muter strict control, will fight over their food like wolves. £ach todlvldual is pro- vided with a tin can and a cup, and every morning they march to the casks to receive their water. Variousconduct toe paper for the benefit of the paid him: I cannot identify the prisoner as the parties aim toelr creditors. He suggested Jamesare the used to obtUu a double expedientslace or on the back the name of Davis.he did not know any persouj ofdenied toat toere waa any for such a necessityquantity, and some, after receiving their supply, will procure an (Oipty can and try to persuade the steward that they;ceiver,step, or fbr these proceedings. They asserted toe solvency of toe paper and toelr own todlvldual sol-have not tiecn served.A death among them makes very iittla impressionuponeventhenearestrelatives. Theywillcrowdto the ship's side to see a bodj^ launched into its wateryThe District-Attorney propostog to read the check.Ex-RecorderSmith objected. Hesaidthat againtiefeiulantJones thathedidnot averringpersistentlyI know It by certain marksprosperdpsTo send the publication into the hands of a Receiver, toey toougbt, would be very detrimental to the inter-surervisor, and is especiiiliy usefultoassist-;came to ourplace, he said that cer-Lake>lflW«^^e letter is conceived in the most ener- prophets lifted up no wamlag voice. The Hormoa ship !" he " summons his bold peers," and twenty he declined, and gave as his reason that he was a very sel submitted toat James Harper, though a very goodtOXt ofSaltall butevacuated,:Afterthe various of iioth sides allegationshandcufls and fastened to the main-topsail runnerEngland, when he was arrested pres- ent charge. In reply to questions by Mr. CItoton. theeutitleu to all wharfage thereof not reserved to theLo arm wielded the vile puiiyand in two in-threefellowswho sv\<>mthattoepartvwhopresentedthecheckhad.Plaintiffs aver toat these leases became null by toe nthofSeptemt}erfollowing,andtoattoereisduetheset at work to holy-stone the deckh:>d received similar punishment being stationed, lash or cut in hand, as overseers; and excellent care was"never a good word for the Mormons at all. Conse- rovia <'!! tiie 31st ult., and Took boats to discharge her of the gospel, and had known toe prisoner for 'iAand that the capital that the most charming frankness,These variatioas areofCourt, who said Itde-auA-pass«-n£FTy and cargo at Grand Bassa. sixty miles be- yeaisperiodical low the cairtal. she had iost more than one hundred I. either could his fnther1548,ScpuiiOB CooBi—Trial Txaa-Part f.—Same asdown to populous streets, and no clue obtatoed to the perpetrators of these fearful crimes.1UE NAUFAD BA> K—:JamesBiirchalt Si.TteentaWard "'"I'M not to wait on it for the wit- Carrttl Van Nostran. Twentieto Ward; Jacob"^''overed the did not fancy th» Twentieto Ward pistols,departuresWardi*evento Ward.These gentlemen wereday.second but afterwards witoiire*M.Havilah Smith, Ninto Ward;;thepoverty a pare aod honpnbla day, were Mr. and Mrs. Henri Drayton, of Drayton's WUliamfon, Eighto Ward In;challenged.<""_- ^horFour other w bay-.:depositors.'Abraham Carpenter.question by—.?^-' <;» Ji^'L-«? will" provei«!o nndwniL"halsomaker,and toat his brother, now ilraig in westthemanage- ingBank,andtoerebytoen to know him.;.,„for a certiorari toGen-perportlngNassau Biuik, u.s lollowsjustice, to obetruct and even touf thedetd to give us what was called a law, but which, mfact, was CO law.The Grand Jury then left the Ckiurt, and toe follow-90 do9«5i56 bSUOSHfbllowtogJurywere irapaaneledWardtins, t'ifteento Ward Daniel Connor, EighteenthJr., Tlilrteenth Wardplea, reply. said Itia' nc to a toe Court, be whnnTbe JNstrlct-Attomey opened toe case by statiagTbe prisoner replied that bh. reaTMl^n"a.mTMe?!wia.sn-o.ttheycountry. thela TreaWe.TAKE CHABOE OT "THE iM d*ieo3»bIncisorsfileddownto a — from and hewentoutbetween the partiesthus,I of aharp point outwards oner,In about hve orelude my detttoy by subterfuges ef any kind, nor do Iof honor, chooses to appoint to strvCTllng- I am already aceostomed to have my con- ofmatjeonriatnyd of our party are Doys between the sion trhiaatL I cannot tell how depositors we iiaper. at present conducted, is rapidly on theentire aitdomen.equal partner to toe concern, and allege* toat toe aspartnership unless the of toe is taken publication paperplatotlff avers that altooogh'Tn o meals »day are served to the negroes on deck,close oftion on Central and &1e wat ibBy eqml to one tT cent. TheWesternBoadsnearlyallsoldf9}^We have the old woman taken in the firstA.—I I was not to Court, at the former triaL when the articles of associattou were produced. 1Q.— forgotten all,my through West, to the third vesaeL Two of them, arc, if we saw tiieBat theWestern shares were called the general aiarkatslaver,stUl toeusurped authority, and toat toey frequealiy yrowout articles he intended tor pubUcatton, toilsICail.and wlten -Harlam anias to their hav-j;""^"Untitled Document;w.DMls.aBda|soM aend him (tiwRavkaii it. Matteton, AssMant Teller of the Nas-jnme forgiDgMr.Boaaar^naisaasthe iadeneaeatlosaUtothe SMeyears and sixBecorder Ba.bwaep held CourtSamuel H. Cracken, a w» boy,pfroaruadted.Itcapablelido CantonCMBMnri.-*[to the clent to cover the case.was«*{tfl»- oa.of Mr.o'clock A. M.. of that day. he was shown the check,prisonermoney, unless either the ladorsement or liidorser wasmin- check, which waa paid. him as be stood at theplatolongagain.:ttietrhands. The equal partner to toe;eight theIs the Nassau Bank, a CorporatioB t tlilnk it is.an liaveand on Pacificof toe v, itness, toe prisoner never had anyhtanrrs Its application drew ^loo4. They were then side whiskers, light or dark, as otoer witnesses had terms thereof. re.*ipectively on the Ist of August anlthe merchants have to submit totongue-lashings from the preaoliers.anJ are 1>»I I, with AtlJ^^;n^ aoi. h.Mt two hundrsil itnd fnrty-fiva ou the siptiatnre and todorseraent on the forged check on already erected when the leases became void. De-in the production of the yam'abeod>ed exceeds $750,000,000. Four-fifths of the are of no account whatever. The fact that many of \^ill proccetl to stouu. nhlch is one hundred a-td ten could write half as well.cotton consumed in England (800,000,000 pounds) them are now dispatching large supplies uf flour to mi.t; still furti.fcr down tLe coa^t. The cro.ss-eiarainatlon of tois witness was imma-they,ship,;During the fifty-seven days of the passage, we lost terial. At its conclusion toe Court adjourned.is .American ; about 120,000,000 pounds come from Flke^s Peak, does not make them appear one whit rlnety-two of our four himdred, sixty -eight males and During the above proceedings, short totervals wereotfaet foreign countries; while only 8 per cent. more comely In Mormon eyes. But although the twentv-four females; the principal disease being col- taken for the purpose of interpolating some other busi countable to Ihe defendants to the extent of the $2,6u0:<(M>vOOO,OilO poonds) — unitii iial Dependenciea.f ^^°'^ 71""^?„„^''...f,^'^1j;;i JJ^^^", "eM comiected discharge Jury.That-"toat thecharge againstants urg«l toat this objection should hare been takenare received from Bntish Col- merchants are put imder the tongue ban so rigorously, liquative diarrha-a, dysentery and scurvy. Thare wlto the of the Grandexpended thereon. On tois opentog, Mr. Anderson,tor the moved for judgment, contending Corporation,, KXICAN AVFATRS.there is scarcely a Mormon hereabout that is not well content to drive a trade now and then at the stores for\^ere a fc-w deaths from consumption and general „.,... j.,>_.-,. ,..,.,,.. came into Court, with a batch of indict-hetag called' a tocorporattoa were nro-shootingatWpropriated was identified. He said Le knew Mr. Bonner very own use.$500oftoe partoershlp money to hisfl;ias^ed borrowed his person and added him to and he said H. Williams, No. 97 Washington- to toe employerUie number desttoed for the Cuban market. He is an street that he was a commission ;hetoe^n the back of the check, and Ipototadhad printed 500 checks for tiim on the Nassau Bank.wasdeteriorating. TheyaverredthatItowedand paperspeaks a few words of English, Spanish and Portu- rfficcrs of the Bank had directed him to as the Harper's or toe Appleton's. The Harper's haddealer,active, totelllgent fallow ; about 22 years of age, kept an account to the Dank, and that the against committing It toto the hands of such menEuropeaniay to- the Paris correspondent of the London Apostles. For months after the return to the city the with alacrity. When the word is gives to " Wear to him to put the name of the firm on the check ; the publication of toelr own maguine ; besides, coun-Israel, like the Israel of old, was apparently left in <4^ftMBAUU's pique against Catovb, and urges that peculiar condition wherein it was very naturalswitha may sometimes be scen^haullag on the bracesystematic man in his business, and did not wish toand clever man, would write but ill-conceived articlesout the disastrous tendency'4lta "fby all the sacred sympathies they lioth hold in for every man to do that which was right In his own of Its prtocipal features is a threat to drown them- price from t8 to (7It ^ItP^titma. pointshe gave me an order he beat me down in the he was to a great hurry to getguese, is quick to apprehend an order, and executes it come to us for the check he wantedI;proposed already as much on hand as toey could attend to tomm. Suicide>change the style of his check;for a like The the Times. So sporttog paper .Spirit of1 s very common among the women, and onefor, 1 thtok, 500 checks ;;far as toe relerence to Mr. Appleton was concerned—theed 00 deck. An toeffectnal attempt to save herselfwhen she perceived that she was really going, and her subsequent agitadun, indicated that she repented of her rashness. The attempt has not been repeated.Every morntog, when the weather permits, the en- tire crowd receives a hose bath. Some clap their hands and shout to have the stream played upon them, while others shrink from its force.even soas toat.the steerage, and keeps a large body of air in constaatcirculation. On the '£2d of a bulkhead was con- JulyMr. Sieher was next examtoed, and deposed that he couldidentlfvtoeprisoner. Atthetimeofordering the chick book lie had light side-whiskers.rope. Hisfacewasthenasitisnow,butappearedto have been recently shaved. —Carperatloa liCases. SUIT TO BECOTEB BENTS.tion reinlted.On the 1 1th ult., one man choked another so severelyconfliied until we should reach our desttoation ; buthe was soon afterwards taken with colliquative di-arrLoBa, which temunated fatally to a few days. AboutUaiMii-OeDeral—CAs lo sa? as the Neapolitans States and as missionaries. And it would » o'clock on the night of the 13th of the same month, that he had broken up his bustoess by advice of Prof. long to toe plaintiffs, which was collected by the de-cor- „.l<M|Cf>lint of the London Newt, in describing theandto be due toe City, upon a lease to toe defehdants, as-J j.4kir.unowOtisP.This was an action to recover certam rents allegedITeapoUtanCoalMali.the old fite, and warming up his speeches with It. I sliall not be surprised if the coming Mormon Gene- ral Conference prove quite a sensation affair,ingThis rested toe case for the prosecution. For thethatbediedinashorttime. Thecaptatoplacedthemurderer in irons, with Ihe totentioa of keeping him delenceshewashe ordered it on the 15th of October, and to about eight or nine days afterwards he; ofaformerissue:whenthebookofcheckswasready weretocome upon the earth. For thefortocomtoghecamemandgotit;was totended to be He would sttomlt came and ebtatoed the tKiok ; when He gave me the toat Mr. Appleton was pre-occupied, and had alreadyorder he paid me to advance, which was very un-usual Isawthe theat and Boston,prisoner ,tojailThe cross-examtoatlon waa Immaterial, except thatN<m. 12fendants.On toe 23d of March. 1854, the plaintiffs executedhad been left open, and the temptation could not be re- wlto hemorrhage ; witness knew toat he went, viasisted. Two of the fellows were" linked together by New-York to Boston, for toeinpuBropsotsoen ofn tghoeing to these piers, [under which the defendants were en-ar.d 13 North prisoner, River, for toe year endtog on toe 1st day of May. 1855, Slated that the latter had belonged to that |city, an! and also to recover certain wharfage alleged to be-in toe cross-exahiinatlon toe District- Attorney bythat funeUonary elicited Irom the witness the circum-;which, during the voyage of twenty days, lost seventy- anotoer for toe murder of Mr. Mathews, to toe by demurrer.— U. "j-iiMVnStO !UC WHICB THE CITIZEH SAHTOS DI- well along in the world. The fuliuwinfrleaf f,-om the Captuee of Fdoitite Slaves. Deputy S. Agreeably to toe charge of toe Court toe Grand taken by demurrer.'i.i r: .SOLI-AOO eiT^CS ACCOUHI TO TBE KATIOS Of book of BuoBAH's experience will furnish a few wel- Mar^haiMA«soa, and seven aids, captured fuar fugi- Jury have examtoed toe law enacted by toe lastJudgment ordered for plaintiffs for toe amount claimed, toe questions of law involved, to be heard at General Term, and entry ofjudgment to be suspendedfor the to-day,case wasChambers of toe Supreme Court, (Jiisdce Lsoxxas,}fHI X0VITE8 WfllCH LED RIM TO TAKE P0SSI8- come hints for such individuals " ":tive slaves and two free children from toe neighbor- on toe subject of tbe Deato Penalty, andhrtod of Sandusky, and returned them by aid of a U. Legislature81011 Of TBE COHDCOTA" OF TaEASOBE He [JosxPH Smith) used to ask me how 1 managed S. Commissioner in tois city on Saturday last, to Ma- toey deem it their duty to tovlte public attention to until after that hearing.DESTIBEDFOBTAXPICO.Ttie documents wluch appear at the head of "HiM exposition will inform the public of one of thosetosupportmyselfandfamily. 1toldhimthat1mala sonCounty.Ky.,fromwheretoeslaveshadescaped.toe defective and ambiguous phraseology of that act.Van Cott ti Cady for The Board of Ada Isaacs Mcnkeaiand1 will prepare to Implacably immolate a other expeiu>es when traveling on a mission, and that running waters, by several hundred armed men. who the mode of punishment for murder, but in toe care- to the Marine Court,. giliilMarniarday when I went to pay someprofewknow,many;woods and cornfields, over fences and across.teild torougb the city yesterday, but we fear that toeCToart C«leadar....FoB WasnsBAT. TTarriD Btatbs Disraic* Cocbt.—Mos. 45, 50,43, 39, 40, 44.Sopaaaa Cooai CraoBir—Port A—Oyeratwly eaowi wlthont ressevatloa of fuailj, 1"%, of: aacaatacyllntgraBta, of personalwere ralslog money for Brotber Joseph, and threw itI had as much aa f haJ just—tatu» to theinterests of tiiat at toe earliest societyThe Parallel Bailroadatlinn bold* the .most dearIn,.ftisracticable clearly set forto. meantog; it la ' all, enrolled among eda^nals, 1 this ponlsfameiirbeeomes more than that of tlierattta^hiaiiii of(Me,untilthe 28th.that I owed, after I had iost as much, when I came to pay my debts, as I had before I gave martyr, Mrarfhe'-Baityr lemalnsthe generous award any to the poor. I do know that I handed out a half eagletoapoor man in my office, and-then found twothat I never there. And putwStmy eyes txed upon my cause, vrlth my hearthalf In my eaglestbe late President of toe Manliattan Company. Ills labors of the Fire Mar- will was now admitted to probate. The will devtfos.tBtaf with hope and with fidth, after each defbat Ipocket,I also do know that I never hungered nor thirsted for—mtoer. Part ff.—Nos. 1511, 1392, 1513, 1534, 1006. 12M,cess which haa attended tiieshal in ferrettog out cases of arson, and presstog theiatrearlaenaslflt were only a promise of.aaA mf only murmorings bare been a new Invocation'^^ jlattactmihat. a new appeal to patriotism.and Ter-1money poor,triumph,tlie idea a that$8,000annual Income going to his widow.DcelsloBik Stn-BEHB CODBT—CHABDEBa.and that the nextbeiOre I gave away the five doUars. I do know thatmoment toe law should berevised,someperiod,to theproperty."So it will be seen that Brother Bxiobah has an ad-mirable, all-sufficient way of getting on in the world,thoagh at the same time he does aot care a figgtvtngawaySarrogate's Coart.WiU of Caleb O. HaUtead.—The testotor wasthroughdegree. Itisobviouslvtrue history of tills afisir will never reach posterity.Ctncumati GazetteLAW REPORTS-postponed,1550, 1533, 1554, 1S5B, 1573, 1570. 1578. 1583.1563, 1564, 1S«8, 1570,1558,guilty parties to conviction, suggestssimilar oScer, with competent assistant*, charged wito toe special duty of toresUgattog thoroughly all case* of homicide, would shortly perfect a detectiveJudge toe following Important presentment :of ourits provisions, any punishmentminds of Judgeshighestwltiito our City, witldn a comparativelyknows his;;handwriting to the extent of the outlay of $2,600. These werebodyments, including two against Charles Jefferds, one for toe murder of Mr. Walton to the first degree, andof the defendants could not tie made abriefthe perpetrators of which have tons far escaped de- tection, deaxmstrmtes the necessity of providing some more eflectlve means than now exists for the discov- eryofevidencetocase*oftitatdiaracter. Thesuc-"ITie charges of homicide which the Grand Jury have been called upon to investlgato during toe pres-•denied. ScTBiEiABD, J.—HoiFv VS. Sirif.- Motiou denied,of humanBY TBK GRAND JURY ON TBB BECB.V'T CHANGE certain detection and adequate punishment of thisIHPOBTANT FBB8XNTUE.NT around Ihe sanctitylife, by insurliigthe mo-;iiigprisonerswerearraigned I'D*came from West Troyhe left home, and was Induced to play cards toe boat, aito some mi c. and that toey gavethat be had $60 In gol"d ;mmNot-.Virginia St. Cs. 90?, 60 do •^"'-»ftlf4|aer) m«Mh^^1tried forand wounding another boy named John Judge with ato theaction in toe publlcatton of that widely known and from Engiand, telegraphed to theto be anhigher by |91cent, on Central aoddecline, and that the defendaaU will soon ruin the of tbe list at tbe Board a partial firmness obtainedoverThe platotlff asked that a Receiver might be np- finaltopartoershlp, and to finally sell it for the benefit of theskipCompany,Jeteett,Hippelyteprotested against putting especiallyof saidcollected by defendant5 after said Ic.'ises were avoidedtbe interest upon $l,.t^Odo 100 do 6* donnLS.10 M^i^';-!'- do.... lOS p'o do. 90 '1200«13 do i JiAiS 20TM0 noand August, 1851.;Mirh.a«.»llii.H> as 3,0SO MicC.iflCt.1stMSokgrdCoa. Bds. self «,0io do »8HPacifie M.8.C*..bt* lit 4ewithCentral Frie T'aclRc Beadiug Hudson Harlew Panama Uissootisyesterday afternoon Uoa.M»i 3»S S3K iin 64 »HIS TDK<!•'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'"aNOl. k Telede R. Its d*aasamhss*a. b3S4»aeMThefrom tlie Armbia, off Cape Bace, were eqieete^Erie,and on the firstcall Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 