 -^English work, the Detroit and ^lilwaukee Rail-ita way. As this last coimection will not fully us degrade no more of our distinguished dead. "Why,if the Liberals have soStates and sotheyat once?" The'haa prepared an appeal to the Congiresa against thepretensionsandencroachmentsofthecrown forthe....:bethrown away to secure the trade of the West better fate, remained, for more tlian a year'Molasses,restricted. Sugarscourse af nine hundred miles thewhole ofextraordinary the length^^l^» dUte necesaiiei Is praTliiaa,tbe*aiialn alMHSaf But to whom, in their present extremity, do Episcopalians here. TbencaaieaiiiineoftlH>|Maa EpiscepaUana in Hoiod Boly^ bear tb« avpenaa of:AmU have, therefore,acctannlated filth andiirom London, and theamplest indorsement of liim a generous countenance and support now,purged away, OUT fame, forthwith,attentiim? If ftnther actionof the with incredulity at the project in its incipi- ambition than attending to the interests of themoney.Mr. Watson,'sup-'and atIU f«UidMd3ta<k* TtaMI _. ~^i:i-.n* axw-TOBK nns OMiAlir iBtfVBlaraaiaf—raw^C** «Mia«Wk»aaiI«l Ba DauiM*Bw H»W-TOBK IIllMI(B«l*1i»>fe.?f«ff-ll«!»« ^im»..f|yiri»«B. Iimiwip »..ig60.eaenMft\ to adrsnoe. 80 Ihr as yn are eetioeiBed, be eaodUiea ef hi* UlepeodeMe^ Bnt M ia.r«Kaa Ons«*—Sxsoi MtriOA.ber ia sent back to tiis constituents to taiave his,ing memorial, and through one degree of degradation to another, has at last comePerfectly!4^Mft«ifl 4«;Ak'SMrt'aaiWimwas freely and heartily gone Isto by thsWeahailbe ei««erae«««saiynorUIteto'gjitit ^mt$*^ mtr-TOBK, MOHDAT, JAK. 9, IMO.VHS KSW-TOI chave fidrtiro«ovi«tooMaMnM,«wVHaS«tMM. aw mw-TOSK taaacifiMtty^Vwm itounmmrn rmuse for any cauae wtalartr.The members of the British Honae if Oan- tial infusion of theparty, masses which Uofai^'tkuayvur .;longato tbe British; ttB•opiM,toouaMiM,Mf«»nSoiUM t«wtrM|dM.toiiMiMt«M,lMrfwnn9«tt*M. Jay fg»«»iwi*nr«««Oati^liMalyarirf.wati»•countrymen,reasonably sure of a fragrantrepose. But if to the anfliorities of this City is ^ be entrusted the sacred task oftheir^ire Ukeir surviving friends vrlth the most mel-bracingfaviandable,The pamphlet is written with great ability,. ><»>«»Boston, bglaag ofInidly tending. the^_aWe believe our Governmenttr4tlAOK'BTHBATR«-Ho»M»J>«>0»ii»«r-TH« pUWMt OAXDKH—Tu Ocnsooa.just cluded with the rightfid and liberal Govern-that onr«R0'% ftat,plyTribune's general objection, that no*»'»* or Ki»-I/OTiUA».profitablyto thenation should be aided to recover its libertiesonr.hlmi'iiABtatt^ intothatscale. W»<(^SifBAM jJIFBIIBXAnX-X«9iinU9 FuratM- < ik«M-Joon.he woDld have tohaa liad the misfortnne to have in UsBBATTOK'SonBAHALL—KoaiMEattoEmxt- ordinarybyGrand Trunk Company of the Atlantic and St.-^^-"FALAUB a&BDBV—TA> Aimam k Ot.'l ICnAann.been aWeVAzvnnn.something even more unseemly and of- fensive by night. A board fence, placedfree, peacefulprosperous people.named aBokwsli., mnnit^'JiBTNKVTS OF THE DAY.IharoUverpool advices to Dec. 24. The intelligence by the Xingaroo, which alao arrived yesterday,theirvotesintoonescaleor the other.They pool.Asampleof thisoperationmayin a fair way ofthosegreat counselatthe""yearwith the Gumjum's Cathartictions, especially theerful, and despotic coipsels prevailed. ThisNapolxos III. and Italy lUlrhinortant aemi-official paper is to demonstrateEjKlish,gamboge partofMexican werecommendluhsn war, in theofShillingTome, andDr.some-lastSpring,although the name of U. dk la Gcek- duties and responsibilities of practical leg- nessee and North Mississippi will not be madesure has led to a commission of par- the actthat xmBe it is desirable to maintain theof the Pope, that aim can be beat achieved rrecrurtailing hia domlniona by the, excision of the Bomagna, and by instituting administrative iflforma in the remaioing Statea. The opinionsticularlyTribune, with so muchof. Baidinla. The symptoms of disaffectionperformance the positionheiekofbre noticed as in increasing^of theof LoadoaKIM, having laid down his arms, and submitted. Wie news from England is of no interest.In the House of Eepresentatives, on Saturday,—The Anti-Lecomplon Democrats feel natu- larly known as Consols are squared by ourtriangle.The Worth monument was undoubtedly in-McLane arrived in Vera Cruz. He found inthat port an English, French and Spanish fleet, under orders, from their respective;St. Lawrence, at Montreal. When the Grandpillarand chuck them both into theand all thatdoes not think the public fairly entitled to some;neck,a year or two, and then falls, by the vast ex- of this work —Wallabout1edectingrespect paidprobable warrior'smaking it ultimately profitable in the direction heirs look upon his monument with mortifica- Consuls in every port in the country were co- especially women and children, much lesswe have described, even if the whole revenues tion and shame ? And as for the inhabitants operating with them to the same end. The fortunate.of three or five years should be absorbed to generally, who does not know that, with all Gacbupins were busy with their monarchical Mayor Wood is aware that these Roads ««ranty rule, by a vote of 108 to 106 in favor %^ut- tiqg the main question. Mr. Adeaik, of^I^w-A Pritish Seizure in Earnest.nw-Tau Tiut.Tbe BritislLrarliament whenin .a minority, bot it is with Iks *isw the trunk lines of Maryland, Pennsylvania and of KToiding the loss of the oOmb they New-York. They are delivering dour and hold tt the hands of the crown, ud IfiiaMj grata) in New-En^aad, and both domestic and14 for Mr. Gilvxb and 3Bias, Tepic,temporalperiod Medicated Paper, follows the practice ofRicord." There is nothing which that- ghastly fence haseither iniCitrItemdne the conditions upon which the two sec- and traversing the established or favorite the-tiois of the Union may peacefully separate. Inthemeantimehe to acommis- oryofWesterninternaltradethatonlyanEastpaling,proposes dispatcliaion of the most dignihed Virginians to visit the severalfreeStateswheretheFugitiveSlaveLaw is nullified by special laws, to demand the repealVictoria Bridge,in tbe West to make their connections at leasteriimentofJuarez and ;yet, more from Siforor is this a matter cretion ?Wesolelyof stieh enactments. Tbe alternative is notAState, endowing the military schools, and other- wise preparing for war, are embraced in the Mes- sage.Front Buenos Ayres we have intelligence of a reeunatiuction of the^ Cabinet, with a -new to ar- nnging terms of Peace with Gen. Ubquiza. Mr.theeach Statewith its ownin Mexican affairs that is notstood, and the question is frequently asked,variety of recommendations as toaruungtheremind the bridge tbe Peninsula of Michigan by another danger of subjecting the memory of thoseall its resourees to required contendmortgage, tionnottolesomethefieldundertheleadershipof isingtobemademonopolized fall stocic, after an assess-do quer supremacynot con-nOBXTOX, the BritisWh was to act as Resident,answer theWinter andwhile the Lakes are closed, it is not that one of tbe oldergreat superiority numerically, and achieve theirMsdbtor. The amyavowed its determina-of thedesigns Company on theLet us bnild no more monuments tolie pollutedLetrathereachgreatman'sfriendsNew-York authoritiesGen. Xrxs, whose the recent reverse.and elasp handsreplyown Tories,"Mexican hierarchy and oligarchy, which have of the Christian Union, and it is intended for thepoltroonery had ezpoMd it to ment offrom the sor-—thns present-Railwayofsevenhtm-over his a solemn oath that never shall leased, like the Atlantic and St Lawrence, or a monument to his memory be erected in abut that in addition to the old weeks since. The Chapel is under theThere ia nothing of interest from Bio de Janeirowlieuce our dates are to Nov. 17. The was still at the north.The matter of tbe injunction upon the sale v{the holders with a dred miles, cost free— heldswaysolongintheCityofMexicoand sothat region, the Liberals have had a foreign influence and power to contend against, whichservice and accommodation of American residsnts of all denominations. Dr. UcCuxxocK earnthe Btookhrn Perry Leases was VtidqvbetoreJudgeHosKBOOMjatHudson. Tha nlahrtlffs asked for time and leave to amend their Mil, alleging that the answer of the defendants hadand been nnmed in this connection, because of itspresent financial embarrassments, which have broom, we would call his attention to the spotcheapened almost to a nominal value its stock which, more than all others, needs a clean federacy,taken them by surprise. and the further hearingcomparednd Trunk of Canada—their Withdraw but the minister and con-votedbuyers. Comwas and plentyEnglish capitalGacbupinswould be located in the City of Mexico, regu- found the pautrles crowded with everytUsg .natheavy. 'The movements in oth« kinds of Grain, as well asenlistrise at the furthest East, aad illuminating in itsthe Grand lesswearewideawaketothisand required may readilyWhen bii family took poeseuTon of Rlvenddat.Sr either botisewUe or cook could dealrB—a bainl ofCotton, Fish, Metal^ Naval Stores, Oils, Tallow,meeting;as the Government of the en- within sixty days.Teaa andTTke demand for Hides, Leather, Coffee andofthefencelarlyorganized tire country,garbage,ahD(«t impassibleof tha streets will bebeen spent, the road finished, and its great takes of thestreet-cieaning appropriationssnspended, specific objectmoral and tax-paying portion of the communi- promised ty. He infers from this fact the duty of giving tioncy,toof the cUefcause theare exhausted. We another season ofiwhen someto bun, therefore,is for thatand who embraces every opportunity'>""J£- pareaaa^twwestated.The Illinois is their naturalpowerEmperor ing—hasor, altbgetlier,atwo and a and mortgages'. The Michigan Southern haa help them Godseventy brought on, upon half millionsThe leave was granted,Central, theTalk about the Liberals having onlyof N«w-to Feb. 3.The tranaactions in Flour were more extensive.the Rail- mag-sweepingacute-angled trianglepostponed *FrieeaofStateandWesternbrands,however,fa- nitudetoattractwere.-wiaa ftir. Pork attracted more attention at British North America, contiguous to our Fed-Hemp, Hops,in offloorioaaettiei aUliotttf sugar one,fiiaar rates. Beef, Lard andWhiskywere de-eral its frontier, causingcenti-layin scant twenty minutes. ABice and Seeds were inonired for -ftoaML Hsy, atonifqim anotations. Freights were quiet, with 444 TMaras or all claaae* in port.primeval forests and desert places to blossom as the rose, was to prove a very loadstone to the commerce of thethe and! BTaxn-ouAiniie SusmrotD —!'man could do the M-ork in a week. Shall we see it done at once, or shall•ailing^ gain. An," ch Prohibited Palace," "jMfor some months we are on the rocicsas a to commaud all tlw; vast meansfinancialjob care not whom but let us have the abomina^vited by Ibe Prime 'Minister at.\fter smooth treatedqUMtiODOfthaulay, t^afreahelectlaii.fall to retan _policyand 'natnostornoaufobkubp^iumii«»eithertoascertaintheconnby^OfUmtttrndttr adto08mostand perpetuating and«iiartn<tf«vw7llaUilHiMr. fMscIa wfarvnfing the election of a ^waker, or tOMMlm 407 other subject.glory,itsprospectiveMexico, aaATMW .Mmnand linkedupon Chicagodiscussed by the Powers.to whichmatters inthat eountry.'sometimaa Asaalve andfind Qieiaidves terms whichforebodings.jiftii* fawriiblylaiM Mtmla kaaWnwad to th*Let them consult the experience of the past as affording the bestplaces,putmMters,tunung th« work to a different, mKXpeeted account. Theycarryiag trade, and Cincinnati to Portlandsete forth cqiiniona of the utmost interest importance from their bearing upon thegreat questionsof Congress EuropeanTHKATBB-^Biaia Dual, u titllie chagrin and disgust of MWi^dly ofthdforeign merchandise in Ohio and Hlinois cheap-er tlianment of that country,—and no further.sympathies our inffaienee, so farside, aal tlM aaitaaxeniaeataB««Ml&nU SSm'SiHIOW^T THCATRB—Tn OamUMiM-Tm SaUMtJ-UBLT—ItA»H T»¥«.AB* saa GouiiK Gas—TO ^^ttBOHKIB IKSTITnTE. Brooklya-litiTTOii'snl^ililiera. The ministerstitad Bitfaongh a auuprlty of the tim»ioaia^lq^ their f«4iey,4hatMMngcan betransported «i4 Not cei-In re-lBfi|iWtt.the Gulf to the East, andthe purpose oif testing the mattert every nMm- other Anflp-American enterprise jnA -ati^dtnAytUt^ OfB-^iii^ij atthingsince confidence and simplicity, that the Mexican Liberals havepainednot advertized, from com doctors and Gioboe It win be found that American influence de- liberate lie, told by a eleigyman, andrallya littleproudof the control which their Federal Five Per Cents, or New-York Six Per po-tended to do honor to the dead.Has it fulfilled family of thelOnistry theyCanada, and oavote and his cooduct either indorsed or repu-^atuan-^^TovksiKuu. KTtnlac— nsBT Bvn diated at the polls. There is no precedent in cheaper and with more expedition than it;inconsideratewouldhavebeenperfaimedmainedfromthatdayto^bis, aperiodoftwoand a andyears over, forlorn, scraggy, revolt-:ftinmra UUUB— 'to thefiromsuch beforwardedSBZtrroirs rABLOB opula eaix-xx. im> Uu. coaiae as Mr. Milzs recommends. Pos- Orleans and thence by sea to New-Tork an4 Tla»<aaan'< Dkuutio BsAsniag. sibly it might be desirable that the conn Boston. Nor have they been munindful aJTAftarnoes—Tiobt Bon 7ia-MemphisNew.^Sa^end ftetdkies'kIBiT' GLBTlrBEI».»OICOU>—ThI for English parliamentary iiistorycil^ so by the Mississippi Biver to New.BUa^'ef discipline eoa-OBAPXI. OF BOTOXBS TtKAIX UtSTITCTX- trytheir own direct steam communication withDo you comprehend?"day paniahtecITMM'f IiAUA.Members ofCongress,emer-England, from Quebec and Portlandthe last-We Mexican Liberals hadanyshould have a fresh chance to vote forIn a fortnightbat nogency has yet arisen to render sach an extra-term of arrest, and a wvnia(Mr. Cobb, of Alabama, awoite to the fact that sition gives them in tlie House. But what is Cents. The British Railway Shareholder is .tl\is design? Is itlikely regardthat theUmM 'eertahdyto findplay.in hisexpedient that his ter-•pBoe to the neversettheexaovieof withthehidoiBltablethe peraeverancethought of; tiieonly intervention possible is tbatofthe whole of Europe united in a Con- but thegress, and empowered to revise and, if desir-to ofJ815. change entirely the treatieslealgningmoos haye' never voluntarily thfown.«^ Haircharacter.if not with apai- "go-a-bead" recUeasoess wbioh mazka Amaiiean eompetitian in anehtheonly course wonid stm have heca edge itsno otherovercomethemselves t^M^HMUlllJ,an ItaTe seizedlegitimate ascendancy;-7^-Ut » Colonial QoTatmaeiit ia Loado* aad limMl' i4t'^^tilB ilB' aMMlR '^^IMBi British people, <m the chaaoas of maUng the Canada* as great hi material progress as they itate the examfla of their biethnijh !(- are loyil to tbe En^h name and Cttmrt,Bnn Andnowthatit and let the pw^paction ritory AooldlW public large,fairs that (hf£ extend inthessoatibythenothingor beyond««HadtooftheCity01Rome;-whfle LiberalPartyofU seenQpoa their cqn4iict, as wen w npoa tke great ol>ieeia, this vast chain of railway mustlatd*'— ta a resigntody,liberties should be conceded livewithinit Nointerventionofany"0« brBthien in Endand" have, howerer, unferto-nately foTMiv,3Mnjs,toicans who have conferred honor on tbe country by thefr works of genius or their deeds of hero-——British-American commerceThe only point of difficulty which lias yet perpetual lease or virtual ownership by thequit the service.ThaSMiit diaewaaresort either necessary or practicable. arisen relates to the election of a presiding of-reason of tbeand we think Mr. Miles bits the truthjMlif^M visftlBpl^|S*iM of one of his friends, fell in Yam vdOi liir; fUf-Lawrence M"TnBaaBatWAssmiaaAtnsxuVas." farupontlieAnti-Lecomptonmembers.Theyare line ofscrew steamers, already one ef theficertMUtUKT or PBBieK—BoaiiTn k Kiasar'a fkin- when he throws the responsibility of failure thus ria Bridge. They are now using the QuebecWKiim BALOOK—OMsai Oaaarr'i Moranu*.;Railwayaround the base of tbethrew off the Spanish yoke, the foreign lega-—.«B> •AIXBBT-No. CM Bnadwar-PAUoa'f a very small minority too smallmost'sccessfui between Englandand thhi con-Mexican Mr. Poinsett was the first American Minister to the Mexican EepubUc. His influence«w vOenkto entertainthe sUghtest hope of electing one of their own tinent, for delivering produce from Cincinnatiaffairs.TBI Warn CAnm."they and Ciiicago at Liverpool m twenty days'Brj ibe axriTal of the mail steamer Arabia, we ties, and can decide the struggle by throwing bills of lading in the West, through to Liner-gentlemen of the upon the un-—number and are powerful only— tobe seenbrush and who seizedher his hand and waaaec^ted. Rebecausehold tbe balance ofpower between the other par- which end they issue their own responsible\dates to the 22d, has been are in duty bound to exercise this power. in Wall-street almost any day, attached to anticipated.establishinglegal iwiairy which las «ii»*fWacilig!I1ie pmcipal topic of discassion in the London and Theoretically they are entitled to their own Sterling BUIs of Exchange made against window thanmeasures of reform which the uponpresent taken" aplace, adndaistered severs repri-Paris jdunals is a pamphlet on the adjustment ofthe elaims of the Pope at the approachinj^ Con-neas, the pamphlet being understood to emanateUOB the pen that laid down the programme of the But asuponMan of Agar. It next turned to azureand may claim the right to vote BreadstufiTs and Meat Provisions from thegorgeousfence.mostthe post, in 1828, the influence of other lega-opinions,only fbr men whounfortunately,when Mr.Poinsett lefthavebetterinfuture." The of npahetter was that the young la^ was her reverend lover, and flieo^practical men, charged\viih the tain that in anotherthe Cotton ofTen-became all-pow-BOnms appears on the title-page. The object of islation, they owe it to themselves to be some- to take the same extraordinary direction, s«y;inquiry1represent them. West on England.And it is by no means cer-flic beteyed bymore than blocks before the wheels of from theStates to Manchester planting throagfasomebody'sStomachBitters,Church-SisciidineWe presume there are fewcanrelieve the country from its menacing embar-rassment, without any compromise of princi-thatgovernment. Theyorganize—We shaBit wasand ofhim whoin of praisejournal assnmes,or who will not bewhothus pronounced are understood to 1>e those which ple or any departure from the iadependent posi- not undertake a mathematical solution, butwill govern the action of the French delegation in tion wiiich they profess to occupy. Let them 'nitb the fact before us that it is done, and willclined in Mexico from the of ISi. departureinvcirtap tbe repudiation of his lavrftil wife, for Oie ex-theHouse,and Canada.The inquiry very naturally here comes inpeoi^e, have heard offiieHow can this be done with profit ?"neverhadanybut theirownToriestoflog."to learnthat, for local even a moderate in-to to and other Amer- pal Kask, Coopxs, Ismra,to those who conviction that tbe time hadproprietors,maaajement, which be-ism. Wealarm. Enshrinedtheirand in the memories of these illustrious men areAmerican Minister shadow of aonr Westernsoon be tothealmost defy competition fromtheyPhiladelphia or New-Yortc or Albany.tent with this, they have Altered fa$o,competition with our coasting trade ^gmratify that ^anunttmeiitntfii|d^t to, the minoi* Central, aie ddireriag cottonto invoke the interrentiott of era for ddiverapce.]—named point being converted into a mart Ofhim with a shortthat if he continued to swindle fltBOoteraankfhjm Portland to the Victo-Chsistt to Patti and the Great Tribulation.7Hme< as an adhesion to the policy of England. give the House notice that unless the Demo- most likely continue to be done, and on a much We shall have amply described the state of the FoiysETT, and that the odium attached to thethe CoBgreas, and are regarded by the London:X)tB CkHigress had been called for Jan. 19. The crats and Americans do within two days unite more formidable scale before the diversionoutside ofthe fence, when wedamp longAmerican name in that country culminated dur- ing the official career of Mr. Forsyth. When hein its labors of Count Cavour as one a dw delegates of Sardinia, ia cosGrmed; It is alao atated tliat tbe Republic of San Uaiinoso as to eaable them ends, we mustapparent advantages under which these stridesgroaads refer to aipaitieipstionuponcandidate,begcontent,ofthe mildew of centuries, asome oneand Mr. SnaasAN, they wUl propose and voteour readers to beto choose directly and with effect between him for the present, with a brief statement of the—place matters npon a satisfactory footing. They and encouragement of the English proprietors tionable corners, and three blades ofplurality nile,andtheywillinstantlyofonr Colonialneighbors,with the free consenta of one or two unmen- grave, heap dirt,WhmHungary, ap-pear to have reached a crisis. Private letters from will relieve themselves from all responubility of the Grand Trunk, are being taken.grass.Birtiop begins upon greaterror than on thecrime, lapse from disdpBneand good manners on the part of tlioae wkoWe know of but one reasonpopulation anarchy prevails, wliich, To in with the terms fair profit" obeUsk and bigoted Despotism and rampant Toryism, into look scandal with hor-Fseth state that the Protestant had for the wWch now and "whythisdegradedopenly demonstrated their hostility to the Govem- " nd^^iot-rfgrwnd, all, were not let to 'soettt of Vienna, and a dispatch, at the latest mo- without some such iadependent intcrpositiOB, satisCactory income," as applied to tliis in- the last menagerie that visited us, and that isment from Paris, announces that the revolution tlireatens to extend and involve still more vestment of twelve millions sterling, and that a tiiree-comeredgore enacted in aMexico, have foimd their chief supporters in foreign ministers, foreign consuls, foreign offi-cers and emissaries, foreign bankers and capit- alists, and foreign ships of war. This has constituted the element hostile to strugglinghis can authority,htidly behad actually broken out. Another battle had oc- serions evOs. The wholehardly fitforwill under-their own reports, being still the victors. Russia stand their motives and do justice to the pa- only remind the American public, that they are learnedcmred in Morocco, the Spaniards, if we may trustcountryothers of a like cliaracter in England, we needccmsideredIna at laat the Caucasian war to a conclu-' triotism and courage which such a proceeding not measured our notions of value brought byorbitOcn Crrr Railboads.Ijcits suggestions connected with the per-sion,thelastoftherebelchiefs,HorakmedAn- wouldimply. morethantheBritishThreePerCents—^popu- anisoscelesMayorUnion meetings have l>een Iield In the North where the value ot power without the courage or thethe Harper's Ferry raid has been denouced. Anasasmblage of this cliaracter in Barnstable, Mass., independence to use it r Their position is en- cent, per annum, if disappointed in getting fire citizens view it with pleasure, not only as a bombard the city in which the Con- fonned the text for a debate which finally suici- viable only because it enables them to over- or six. And when the Grand Trunk seemed to memorial of one who deserved well of his stitutional and Liberal Government of theinaavenue car, at about 6 o'clock of a rainy eve- ning, and to make a note of his personal ex-that the Southern Opposition was bound to unite country,Citya French and Spanish Ministers, in the City of orous and reasonably stout, he may arrive iq> pa-Jersejr, was the 'only one of the Anti-liecomj^n-.itea who voted with the Republicans on this ques-tion. The ballot which was taken just before theHouse adjourned resulted in 103 votes for Mr. pletion of ttie great Victoria Bridge over the em of Bbxbuas89 for Mr. Hamilton, of Texas, theEnglandThe Great Western involves nearer twenty-fiveoverpaid contractor'sA new, and singular chapter opens on our Western carrying trade with the recent com-test the experiment They have become their public spirit, they would be glad to be rid used to this sort of thing with the Great West- of the triangular abortion, even if they had toschemes in the cities of Mexico, Vera Cruz, subjected by their charters to suchTampico, San Luis and Guadalajara, while the as the Mayor ^nd Common Council may pre- British officials in Guaymas, Mazatlan, San scribe. W^e should liice to know wlietber heDemocratic candidateof 3. ^ years ago, and found a ready and powerful and when it pays two and a half per cent., for whole Common Council—upon whom tlie com-The first message of Gov. LsiChke to the Leg- financialsupportin London, it seemed totheir now constantly subjected by the avarice of outrageous system of smuggling. Mr. McLa>.-x these monopolizing Companies. When a man found Jeckeb, Tokbk & Co., the Rothchilds, pays legal fare for a ride, is he entitled tomore than a oveiiiead to nothing strap elmcto, whUe ten or twenty men tread on his toeaand crush his ribs ? Aie the Company quite atliberty to pack passengers as they weidd- her-rings, and transport them by the.soiid foot in-stead of^cr capita ? When grnts are waitto Companies of the exclusive use of privatethe public streete, are those Cgotpanies boand to give an equivalent for^e money they take,blature of Virginia was sent in onrelations of the Free and Slave States constitutebe, on this side the Canadabecause the Liberalsmanner, opposedSaturday.Thethere can be penses and constant improvement of tbe one solitary member who either pays the slight-and intopic, the Governor is full of suggestions. profitable of the undertakings of the Northand waspletion dependspronounced line, the wildest, mostthe burden of the Message.Admitting tliat the large majority of Northern'chief needs repression, and declares that it must millions and hasbe repressed. To this end lie proposes a Gen- sterling,eral Convention, to take into consideration twelve millions, or about $60,000,000 Federal nues of three or five years willthearenizes a dangerous minority, whose power ibr mis-extravagantpeoplelojalCompact,herecog-cent, on the calculation of- the better time to come.gree the legitimate solicitude of an honorabletheCityaiding bytotheFederalAmericanrailwayexcitementofthattime. It started on an assured minimum basis of ninecapitalists their means and influence the Cbnroh faction. He found the Southern extremity of the Bepublic attacked it has at last encountered a by a bandit army from Guatemala, incited by the emissaries of the Church and the prospect of Mexican In short, Mr. McL.ufi;discussing"seven-foot gauge," to one per cent., the est to the regardOur own IllinoisNorth and South from the Lakes to the Missis-necessarilyGrfloomed!" every foreignthe 'Colonial.'will be ready to embark for tne mnaa despots States in the Spring, and the PnrteOM Ins odors todollars each,scarcelyfail to be apopularsterling the end not yet.of hardEnglishcash,While Mr. Fsbnasdo Wood is yet a neweveryStateinthecon- and inspired and strengthened theirBatFER80NAI..The reception of Bisliop Odenheimer,red- dence at ElTCiside, (late Bishop Doane's,] was verr andtheCabinetofJcasez gratlfyisg. TheBurllngtosDolUrITewsfcnttr>apa:"actually cost nearlyBut it is by no means certain that the reve-and long-suffering family.The bronze statue of Washikgto.n, on Union-CQCh amendments of ths Federal Constitutionaa shall place the rights of the South beyond ques-tion. Should the North decline to furnish theseadditional guarantees, then let the'Convention de- sippi, with its land mortgage of ^$17,000,000, road had tbe to secure the Atlantic A miserable woodenmoney.Central, runningalreadyand efficJODt mna Sat that important and responsible po^oa.Government. The money has instead ofdwelling upon the abuses and mis-that the Church Embassy look for support but they have invoked the pro- receive them.and leastsagacityandtheand West line could be made to pay, was have not failed to effect the needful alliancesthat tallweak that little boys pulled out the pickets fordeemedsufficientlyUtopian. Itwasfor afforded "a very wide berth" by nearlyStock-jobbing proclivities English cousins.hoop-sticlu,all prudent and sagacious capitalists on tliis side the Atlantic, and the whole scheme abandoned to the Land-loving andtemporarily complete.Centraldollarsplus profits of the Laad graatonly Jheeaeh,roadsbeaapsrHrifiO.of ourThey subscribed fteely to itsthey love to the ordeal of municipal neglect. Letderstand that Bev. Dr. McCliktock,City,LandIntoxicating scrip privileges, wiiich, from prom-manyand soon afteryearshie in the midst of each, ofthethesewealthyabsorbedcontrollinginterestpurchasedin its shares New-Yorkstreet by !content to hold for two or two and a half perdeceased Generalit withpride? Dothe•Ministers City Mexico,ride upSixth, Eighth, Third, or any otherded into an argument of Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, ride and thwart the designs of disorganiziu<; promise much less than two per cent., as a but as an omamentto the * Whfet country was located. He found the English, periences by the way. Being physically vig-the election of a factions. Ifthey are too timid to exercise the mere Colonial line for the business of the Col- lesson does it teach of theSpeaker. The positions he assumed were vigor- command thus placed m their hands, they are onies, he is amply pleased, and his pride as an triot's memory and of the gratitude of repub- Mexico, exerting all the power of their office town with unbroken ribs and untom gK'- ously controverted by various gentlcihe!^ •tod entitled to much less respect than their less Englishman gratified, with the prospect of lics ? Is it not more that ihe and position to crush the Liberals, while their ments ; but he cannot fail to see many others,with the in Democracythen, ijefore iialloting for Speaker for the twenty-eighth time, it was resolved not to adopt theplu- powerful associates.and other costly lines at home. tie theabout thecountry,scattering— stiU leaving Mr. Shbbvun in a minority Trunk F^ailway of Canada was projected, seven nlllions Sterling than the Grand Trunk twelve, It is really difficult to conceive that in the were supplying the Gburoh faction with the protection A-om this quuter, against tbe dis-goodshares are still held as a fair risk at 50 per fort of the citizen, or heeds in the smallest de-and other bankers and insquare, thoughand Southwest. The original projectors of the after its inauguration, as the sculptor left it.with the Illinoisover way horizon of 1853-^ as the star of firstandtoColonial pride on this ceatinent It was to out of the question, it is quite certain that un- ficatioB was erewhile heldMayor Wood.—A correspondent of one of furtherest West. Could the very suggestion lie tlie Sunday papers stated that during his firstfor theother journals uphold assistance ?as the beingstrongest,the practical mind in the UnitedStatesbe- foJIy at the best? Yet it failed notbyotherwise thanterm, Major Wood was an efficient and excel- '' lent officer so long as he was supported by theand Mr. Mathews, who approves of Mr. McLask's poli-and bonds, and of its terminus at because, too,—thehave referred above.to whichfoes.'•andsul from the country,'Toledo as well as DetroitbeingessentialtotheCincinnaticoimectionsof tent of the land is hardly ono-fonrth^domestic Tories toflogof theJeney, on taUii« pouenion EjilsoopaJ•faaflheartily gladwhich we cannot approve.TbeTrunk. But all points of detail that of the hall. Sir, in which your rati'own trade, the thewilloftillspowerfiilBritishthe formerpointwesuperficial ex-diversion of ourly be found, in all its ramifications, to accomplish pede would crawl the distance before breakfast.willt«ay speedi-A barieycoms. healthycompetitor.some mantfestaUoB of tha aflbetiaa already eaier- tainad far Blahop OdmbMiiar.*Mr. Otwav. theMinister, and their former principal support, Hislater, has viaUed Tado, siid waa aefuaatol^.a Cosaul-Goieral Hairia; U( «ter, he waaia- Dnrio!Temporal Powpr.—Wethen in dne time we bridge Montreal opened to its direct traffic It would be more correct to say that Mayor this morning a pamphlet which is just now ex- tection of that power wiiich has been suggested Dr. Livingstone'spast.^phsil have another outcry and pnbUc cUmor, with the New-England seaboard. The end of Wood was supported by the moralThs Popb'sreprint;«(iiFhwiUeampel action and the expendttnre construction has been gainedBirkenheadsteam-lannehAa*-as -€)f fluee tisaes aa much money as, if regularly mains to be told. It is this last that now inter- well, and that they deserted himexpended, cl«an. ests tbe United States, and especially the Empire they found him much mofe intent upon building Will not Mayor Wood give this matter hia State of New-Tork. If our people smiled up bis party and promoting his own politicalEuropean Congress.jirompt ,€«aUHmIt that the Pope mast continue to ico in a fa'se position, aod .to alienate from urgesthe in tbe comedian, vrtn was shotCouiicil is ncedad in theJet him call the attantioB of that body to the entertain aMibject,andargeanehlaglstationaswillre- mation.Iteren's fromthedilemnutinwhichwearebysecurity and tnui^nilUty,0» U.£ -wMotority U4novAere anydispositionto condemn his acUoaUntitled DocumentIndl^eDsablethe aiiival of Mr.clun has be«ii iMoi |f it.^premises, ency, we ^tprehend theymust to prepareCity. As for the future, we believe that Mayor hold a certain degree of temporal power, them the sympapiiee of this Bepnblie, is the ere during the performance «( ''WIIHam TeB," iagnverof CatholicStates,andamilitiachoaenhend."Butthisisamatterofnoconse.lAiohatoaetlsMwasl^oqi^^toliahopeless^aaBe.Ifthe•s a mere woik iif QiMitlinu ant3^3m*aami^fmiimi takrn futmntiat ths «••;that afprofit re- ing of tbe portioncitinglieved to indicatewishes andits army and navy to take the South in ahaige,tbe< would keQ) all the streets only when purposes of Napoliow, concerningsentiment on its eonsnra-communitylongashe didsentiments,iThis cost Dr. to fcifl a* alii' ofnpon public portineverythingwhichhemaydothatiswith asufficient revenue, to be paid only partt^^usiness"compre- the Hsii/ax theatre, Ki-PieMdentOeaMafost^Xezico,oirhrsdiatia*andtax-pay-universal attention in Europe." It is be- in Virginia as the one that onght to send ing proved a failure, be baa sent borne onUHMMha constmcHon of another, at an estimated flMioTiSljgM.Vo MoreHeaneataimpoitaot that It risonid not embrace tional pop-! Movements are on foot to erect monumentsregardtliemwith onlyapprehensionancholyindicationof the future.weresbaw^ Joarea Oar- emment the American Minister coaoaltted^country to n Mexico.be with compatiblebe thrownnone bnt amay. The glowing colors of the rainlraw are notemblazonedingreaterintensityandwith more effective contrast in Ubsoell'sambassador in Mexico, and he exerted it for good to such an extent, that the Liberals werederingditohresembling a sea-serpent'seloquent "Englandtary of the Church of Engtend caosiders a da-press purpese of securing the affSeetiona aadpoisoning the happiness of another woman, aadin scandal and aa of- involving'her disgrace,fence a " severe sufficiently punished bysports usually donkeyvery surprising. .formance of lus official fully call his attention to the ment of onr City BaUroads.metropolitanbill-sticker candis-Ux. Boa-LoBUUp**thisFor weeks it was scarlet with the BedConstitutional Government is based. Bntmand, which he hoped wooU cause him to be-withbody else's Biliary Corrector.historyto the attention of thepileIwardswithmean- departed,trained to travel in anany might possibly throw his rider at the peak of—Asreproachlessfate well in- mayEuropean influence inescape from that disastrous pirfiticaj imbn^alittle over twothen left to the Common Council to complete. we were aided by the counsels and the armies Tbe groimd was rough and bare, and required of France,—^to which the Tribune thus re-the, recognitionHe the gaveLiberal iyears ago,amon9lith,in-ferethe plot was open, and needed fencing. Inanyothercitythanthis,alaborsoddingsponds"but inhabitant knows, the Worth Monument has re-;as in- New-York, everythat if the but "their own to be a dumping-ground by day, and Tories toj flog," they would years ago havemonument, to pro-—tions English, French and Spanish—havemet a youngone child, and in fldsof the and the com- Ci^so lowand St, Lawrence lease before building the men straddled contemptuously over it and so federacy acknowledging the Constitutional Gov-ChicagoaUy byTheseexamples mayprojectorseariySpijngWest,•'is not that the Liberals cannot flog their clergyman there, returned to this countay sfveral.IQchiganmaycoffin, swearingpresent managementit was abandoned for a twelvemonth.from Cairo toreason of its English proprietary, and they of statues and other post mortem tributes, of thetrade of tbe impossibleafter dark.meet at hia death-bedwasaround and eign rather than a domestic element oftreasona' ithurriedlyputupin this condition, unpaved, untended, unsodded,hasramifiedthroughoutAlTairs of Mexico.recognizingtoin Mexican affairs to the extent of ratify- ing the treaty which Mr. McLakx has con-Ascribed with a record of the military servicesofGen. WoKTH, and bearing an aUo relievorepresentation of a battle, upon a bronze tab-let, was'erected at the intersection of Broad-wayandFifth-avenue. Itwasinauguratedbya funeral procession, in which the whole oftbe by a foreign Power, we cited the example ofFirst DlTiMon, we believe, took{)art It was our own struggle for ind^iendeuce, in which camot withdraw frca tt wVUmmtiOor fSthers sought asilftanee abroad againstTor- elgn artaies, HessiaB regtasnts and Indian aerasta- tloDs. Had tkef had hu their dometic Tbriu tofiof, thtf vxmld have luked no odds, and naded nom. And hal they been unable of themselves to master the Ameri- can Tories, we say they tmght Mil to have been helped from abroad to do It.EocLHUaneu. DnoiFLnn.—TheLondon aeemato have almost as oddaotlDiVof ss the Coait-maitial whksktect it doubtless from flies inand from snow-balls in the Winter, attracted theimmediate notice of thapaste-pot,appropriated surface with that avidity which preponderated over that of any other foreign had gone thus fiir, vrhen it reached theHairand then toand At onethe Summer, formed the element in controllingisring, and that theacknowledgethe mostin the Spanish tongue were applied to him by the very party whose sway he had recognized. On the other hand, it will be ascertained that from Mr. Poufsm's time to the present, bloody,inliberty Mexico,and thus it was when Mr.that it shoulditulattonshostiletobisaway,—andfliatmunici- MctiABBforeign power, France, Anstria, or Naples ^mnst beUnitedagtates to define herto the Mexican BepaWie. And even if iha"comprehend" nobodyandcomprehend that since the Mexican nationinthe 'of toforeign of Mexico,pltmder.found nearly every State in the Mexican Con-oppositiondeprived public gSod, sincehopepdijiderqMtiaa,to unite for theand the sions.particular enemy. generallypoint under,be measured inAbroken-windedsnailwould outthetrack theChurchdespots,whom Tribune removalfromFUIadidiAIa.Oieasdonatloaiularadpaling good responsibleloojf forhas been withdrawnEnglishAdvices ftda stats that the AmeiiOMi JapanGive the some of the neediest of your favorites;we wait two "years longer? —to—we gentlemanTedo to aa iatwrtawoughtinter-opprobrious epithets knownrqiii- mand," and no disqoalificaton for tke eoa-alike from our streets and evince his kind feelings towards Americans, since returned to Sbanrbal. The Japaaeae Ocy^ u- has the English legation in charge. It is not ment has Intimated to Mr. Harris that the Jaigsiiithetion to be made of the Pope by the approachingwe do notGrand Tnak was a oaeOj mistake, conducive to the public good. We have sees from the Fedeiml army to guarantee his qnenoe. The conditiaB off aAin in Mexico onWood cen count reasonablybaa naa of Uiaya, noorand thadisposi-ofregionsinews of war, and aiding it in every possible comforts and maltreatment to which thqr areThis is aLivingstone propoaeaviz.: France. In view of ali.Qiese fhcts, the bis own pocket, from tbe means astaaidate UcdiQd- reo out of tbe profits of his travels. "Thaddldna persistency with which the Tribune and other must make it up for tbemselrea," was in «ftetUsez- journals endeavor to put the liberals of Mex- presslon m making the order for ^tptopiiatiaa of tMjMB)d|0jl^')Governmentdoubtless took tiUs*in lelaUa* had finmdthe Idbeiall^tfto^to aefcnawl- for there vtf way by which the United States ootidate winico plunged anew into aadi atiaiehy,victed Major Wtsi of fraud the otherSan Juan, and contented itself withiacleigymanwith two chOdien. Tbe reverendwhile on aresented himself to be a widaweigoiaeladyop's ears, who sent for thereuponwzLL, and, to use the words of histinueda man inof his sacred duties.here,story, that a digai-within their owb dla-wUlthe benefit of his conda-— TheAmesicaxChasklatPakis. Wena-of thishas been invited to take charge of the Aagetican Chapel in Paris, and that he has indicated Id ac- ceptance of the invitation. As our iDhders areBev. Hr. Seelxt, tbeaware, recently MteatingMayor give publicat tbe haU of thecected, and where somerealm were asiembled to meet blm. Mr.'WMWV*instead actually doaa, U»of world toWood so. duties, we respect-gross mismanage- We invite him toregulations' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 