 I 1*1IPpI, hf I:• ,II »iI94, third, 26.Women's beam nrat quality, 29 cents; second, 17:their blood tn the oause of freedom—are you ton patriotic than they? ("No, no!")Have we no Molly Storks and Mother Baileys toft to cheer and encourage us In our strugf le for Independence f If they cannot pall off their red petticoato to make car- tridges, they ma yet cheer us by their example and re- ward us by their smiles. (Applause )I conjure you, gentlemen, to join the association, andprepare to resist a reluction next falL I appeal to you inoutside of It as in.SXVHULvoicss —"Let them join it, then."The following committee of ten were appointed and au-prevent Lane going out of the bank; he was not toft In charge of say one; I do not know that he bad bean in- formed that tbo complaint was going to be made. Q. What, do you mean by an informal arrest? A. Justice Osborne saying he would send oa officer down to the bank; I consider Mr. Lane under an informal arrest afterj. KERNOCHAN, President.LABOR CRISIS IN NEW ENGLAND. >^s^sah*nwaw^ww»*w*w»*w***k*m*« ye* b*v» every advaa'ac* over the Nttlckyea make 9a* aaoes, whim In NatiokL-egred breanno. a coaebtaaiton ofWiher aneera, 1 believe, and sees o' toother and *to* wood, pi'gfjH or nation tnerther—and th<ee they bl*i« •pu* tho eeges aa* oa Ishora And yet taa Natiok OMO ma oata t* carry taeir town. If the strike toots »•> March, aawy proaese _ to go to** town asaaitog and votetors, to Hi up the tfhereura fists, aad grade the streets. (useersjrul get Wer'trt thetn* profit, *n« loner awaef ourselves broughttnm^mfetetftk*mmtim inLyn,liikk,Itf-wkLafawiatvTBxTiIlWflfll tawlItlwetf!Mat pwavVaVw^BsVawOj aE** •w**»•J I ^w*^»mw»ws^^^^^^mmm^m wwwrw*awwarnmawajpsiwwft did not take the prreaution tost fall to elect a Board of•**w*a<*w***ejw*»*S;— • W i ^ > ^ 'WWhJWMMWWM1aw************a***»*^^of yearo p WM. H . w a r n .• f FreeLAborerstor yov to stand up ft* yonr rtsbts, i stetagtb. etoeneofjenr^ano have g»»your <cheers) I am gto" you are-Irrepretsible CoaHict Begun awt•to aid your yours •rewa^MkB^aBOa^OOrlHl*^ advanceIBwafOtwill arcur* u> them more than a oorrespc advance from thebsyers Whenever your funds are texhausted, I have notfoo'btthat the Qutocy, Boaton and numerous other wttoMyou with oontributtooa of money, and if you are true to yourselves you cannot "fail. To-morrow night your Marblebead brethreni hold a meeting, to make preparations for croe-operating with yon; Haverhill wlU hoready; Groveland last faU promised to fail into Una when ever Harerhill should take the lead. What should deter yearGeorge Hood once remarked, on aeeing the showmanIn a menagerie whip and ballet the wild beasts, that theyreminded bun of the Lffna shoemakers; they submittedto be whipped about and cowed down, simply becausethey did not know tbeir strength. Said be: "One thou- •d being 1,126. To these shonto be added tlahirty or forty Grant, Mr. Adams, Mr. Field, Mr. Willis, Mr Stewart—allthey hat* of lata rork, aad which to*? claim it utterly rights or uuu stows, tnjurwas to theI degrading to the journeymen, aad en-whaathara u'acturers totu design aad with a denial dedace theirall altomptato the amounta misuse in the figure*, the number of signaturesCross examined by Mr. Hormes-At tbo conversation referred to on the direct examination, toe defendant, Mr.fondant beforebeingby Mr.before this conversation; Mr.you mean to say that theseIn foreign hanks? be raid, yes, Ido, andto ascertain; one of the other directors said that thereaa easier way of getting si it by telegraphing; Mr. Ker- nochan said it may be so that these bftli were to our cre- dit, but he did not believe it; s telegraph waa sent aad an answer received; when Mr. Kernochaa loft th* room toto warrant t present rates have been paid view to keep the families of their employesI cannot agree with Mr rltch, of Haverhill, as to the for the strike. After tho spring sales oomes the uowaUy designated by the trade as "between bay aadia aaaaeqasaw afreported that the number of names obtained to las p*i<ge and bill of prices, so tarns canvassed, had 1,068, and only ton had refused to strike. Thtsreport subsequently corrected by the chairman, who iladies' uoabte soled heeled welts—Ant quality, 91 99; aaeoad. 91, third, 88 cent*.Ladies' single aoted heeled welts—nrat quality, 91; 1, 99 cents, Hard, 79double aoted heeled welts—first quality, 87 >, Ma; second, 70; third, t&' Steele soled heeded welts—firstquality, 79 cents; ,90; third, 44Ladle*' doable soled welt spring—first quality, 91; se- nd,79cento;third,60.Ladle* wogk- aoted welt spring—first quality, 62 cents; !-cc*d.90;tbin>, 3&Mawts' awubJe s o M wait spring—first quality, 79 cents; td, 99; third, 99•single soied wsit spring—first quality, 90cents; ctently indicated that you wish me to speak. (Cheers,•99.,17.Ladies'slapgaiters—firstquality,17cents; second.IS;H M U .Misses' slap gaiters—ftrst quality, 16 oenta; second, 12;; welts—first quality, 38 cents; second, 22;tain edges first quality, 29 cents; second, 20;third, 19.Healed cacks first qualify, 89 coats; second, 26; third, Let us do as well in Lynn. (Cheers.)Daaa Sm—At a full meeting of the Board of Directors Q. Is that all yon said by way of inducement? A. All this morning it was, on motion, unanimouslyat that time. Resolved, That yon be respectfully requested to resign ToMr.Brady(complaintdated20thSeptember)—Iwas yoursituationascashierofthisbank.quality, 20 cento, second, 19; third,thorized to appoint ninety assistants toenforos the rules ofthe strike:—Hoses D Merrill, E. C Darlin, Alton Rich,Joseph H Bowes, Tbo*. Chapman, Jr., James Martin,William Shepherd, Owen Hammond, John Besom, Hoary Mr. King, the officer, canto; I do not know of any direc- three years, sad, I believe, faithfully and successfully.P. Connor. tions being given to Mr. Hayes, the officer, to arrest Mr. A recent calamity, which has considerably impaired totCacks heeled—first quality, 19 cents, second, 10; third, e.youth's fancy healed pumps—33*Boys' fancy heeled pumps—26 ceato.lien's ha led Dumps—first quality, 90 cents; second, 40. Men s suppers—scrapped bottoms, 29 cents; red bot-The meeting adjoaraed to tost Saturday, at which time 699 signature* to the pledge aad bill of prices were re- ported. A. 6 . Draper, Joseph Doty aad D. E. W Stone war* appointed a committee to visit neighboring towns, and the meeting was adjoaraed to last nightBARK:—GSSTLBMCT—I have now served the Fulton Bank thirty-The hall was crowded with shoemakers. The seats go. God knows I do not want to renew old matters.Bailey, UlshoetTer, Mayor Powell and Aid. Peck (acting to give it in evidence? Mr. Tallmadge read from Wharton, where it says that a confession cannot be used ia evi-were full, aad many stood in the aisles and around the doors. There were at least 1.200 or 1,600 present.Gentlemen, If any thing can be done in this cause—and it is s good cause- no w is the time for you to make the attempt. (Cheers.) But it te much better for each of you to dependMayor), present.On a motion of Mr. BAILEY, the Committee on Rules anddence when it is made under pain, hope, fear or menace. Mr. O'Conor contended for the admissibility of the con-At a little past seven o'clock the meeting was called toby 8 C Darlin, secretary of the last meeting exclusively oa himself in this matter. The idea of dep»nd-Regulations were ordered to report at the next meeting fession of the defendant He cited the case of James Rodgtrs, in which the confession of the prisoner to a poAlonao O. Draper, Esq., editor of the New Eoglaod Af«- the same assistance to Natiok and Quincy strikers. thatue, as chairman of the committee to Tint outer towns (Hisses )and cities. He made the principal speech of the evening, It is of no use, gentlemen, to try to make people believe aad oa bis remarks hare reference to the proceedings and that the money is coming in to you as if you were sur- indications in other cities, and contains a synopsis of theOn a motion of Mr. BAIUT, the chief clerk, Mr. Embree was made, and the case was token-to the Court of Ap- Mr. Francis S- Byor sworn—Keeps an oyster saloon, of E. J. Richmond, No. 460 Pearl street It origtoated peals, which confirmed the ruling of the Court be tow. No. 74 Williams street; defendant worked for him from from some pitch taking fire from a lamp. The damage to was also ordered to report the duties of the deputy clerks, Mr. Brady contended that the only question in the case four to six weeks, two or three months ago; paid him $9 the stock by fire and water will amount to about 9109; in-the number now employed, and if the labors could not be is: Was the confession voluntary? He said that on theperformed by a less number than are at present engaged. morning of the 20th September, -Wm. J. Lane's, Jr., con-On a motion of Mr. STIIIMAM, it was agreed to petition nection with the bank terminated, but Mr. Monaban says slack, defendant agreed to stay for $9; advertised for a 91600. The building la owned by P. S. Titus. It toviews and intentions of the strikers, we give them in full;—a r n c H OP ALONZO a. DB&FKR.MR. PRKSI>EJIT A.M> Gas-mesas— As moat of youaware,I wasiiappointed last Saturdayevening,withtwobeen suspecting the accuracy of his (Lane's) account The following members of the old force were re-in- since July last, and that he had been "tracking it up," and that be should be sent to State prison. He further said that as Mr. Monahan Only said "you should be.scntand asked witness if be would not sell out the whole ofhis business; they hung on to a bargain about a week,and finally witness offered to sell out for a certain sum,which he did not want to state, "for fear it would injurehisbusinesswhen hewanted to sell outagain.'' (MrBusteed insisted upon knowing this sum, argued the mat'ter at length, objected to the whole of this evidence, sad FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL. allhandstalkedovertoematterwith eachothersadtooto visit neighboring towns and secure their co disposition to crush you has been overruled. (Cheers approaching contest On Monday last I end groans.)went to Haverhill, canvassed tLere two days, and called 1 tell you the cause will advance, if you only do right.The Judge Bald that the tow was well settled that a teenth ward. The resignations of D. E. Carpenter, of the confession of a prisoner when under arrest might be re-a let evening atthe Town Hall,wber* lad- istzoreighthundredjourneymen (Cheers) AtfirstIfoundextremeuiffloattyininterestingthebetter workmen, who were generally conservative, aad fearfulPerhapsItwilleeematfirsttomoveatifonleadenwheels; butthetimewillcomewhensuccesswillperchuponyour banners. (Cheersandbiases.)Seventeenthward,andJ.W.Parker,ortheTwentythird precinct,werereceived andaccepted.ceived if given voluntarily,and hereit did notappear thatanyinducementswere heldout Theremark ofMr. Willisinitself wouldbe.nothing,butthesurrounding circumstances showed that the confession of the prisonerwitness) Witnesshada'-manvatwasgoingtobuyhimout now;" he received a check from Wil- FBIDAT, Feb. 17-« P. *Yon have got to draw a line of demarcation between of disturbing the exiting state of things; hot alter two oppression and poverty. When they (the manufacturers) days of canvassing the masses had become greatly inte- come to see the inflexible feeling you minifest, they might rested, and the more Influential among them ware now as well try and build a monument of ioe on the burniogThe quarterly report of the General Superintendent,ending January 31,1860, was received, and on a motion was not entirely voluntary, as he was brought into the ordertd on file. The present force, exclusive of the Gene- directors' room for some purpose. Declarations were not ra] and his two Deputies, numbers 1,802 persons, of whom allowed in tow, unless made to strangers or to an officer 247 ate doing duty to Brooklyn, and 1,566 in this city, of in whose charge the prisoner may be. There is sufficientIt waa pretty generally understood this i ed "James Simpson;'' could not satisfy Wil- that the Pacific Mail imbroglio wis st anliams about the toss* of toe saloon, sad therefore though the first event of the day—an ipair,1mostet>nerlosethatanwunt,oreke sand to nreeasesaers aad demand a corresponding alvance; hat Ifconversation with Mr. Draper he again turned totne audience, saying ho wished to make an explanation, as Mr. Draper would probably Improve an opportunity toMr.Bradyobjected, ashe supposeditwasgoingonto explain what the Court exclbded. Admitted.U*n woo* wettttti April, he, and h* b*H*Ted msaaaoci-•»trade, would accede to their demands, and en- speak. He wished to slate that he had once collected $1thequarter from robberies and larcenies ofall kinds,961,709 62, and the total amount recovered by the policeW.M J^6,567 8 7 ' te*vinK •» aggregate net toss of 926,14226 The recoveries were larger to New York than Brook-lyn,andtheaboveamountdoesnotinclude$7270re-covered by the detectives for parties living out of theMetropolitan district There were 24,232 destitute per-sons furnished with lodgings at the several station housestwenty one lost children sent to the Almshouse and* Mr. Holmes objected on the part of the defence, on the agrees (l Greenfield, see. 909), and such evidence to to. ment will be hailed with pleasure by the stock. 1,019 restored to their parents; 277 sick and disabled ground that the testimony was intended to show that ho aominible by to* Stat* tows ef New York. In someNow a* you ate under a city government, OawoOfoa IktormrB llotfMil whol» of strikers, 1 ^ oomot foiI onapDroprtottoa,butyoucandrawoatheeh«hoak*ony amoant-lla.igbter j - a a d when watoroaorvOJadto, yonc«* gTmis tito weeds sod get *ast or *»»TM£*~Z2,*2!' as they do in the feast, ia oertaui JoenMaalaay make bread of a autrrtioos kind of earth Now •J****"*' ' Bar* no esporaw/niol7^©*/!**!* of tho g g * h ^ anil for diet, and I treat yon will hero no -i a^iVlid lor toafiii rbat my to*.a"strlkjw"dlettong.the nsbt one. and to be best prosaotive of taetr interest*,aadlur ewe 1 hop* aad behave you will add to the proape.lty of th* a t , , as well - ^ * f l » OTt&iZ } our course on this question, and that you will vtoawato yearaanheedbytoowatoomoff*orooadnot.THE FSTTOH BANE CASE.t#fJOto»UT.Ike People t*. W. / . Lane, /f.Lbis morning.lonahan, examined for tbo prosesution, de-am president of the Pulton Bank to th* city, and have been so about six weeks; previous te that I was a a director; tbo signature to las note produced Is to too handwriting of W. J. Lane; ited* at our bank; tap State Bank of New York collected itTor us, through the Mechanics' Bank of Newark,that several Lynn have oflbred to give from 9 » to •tltOoloH Warn cans* to lb* stand and requested com to report as rapidly as possible He waa urgedjo d, and complied ton tow praottoal tmmv**. HeIbarrWat. gavereportsofTstotooftoehagtoseroroJhnportsatshootransferredtothembytooNewarkBankingCompany;Itttate, recognising the feet thai their" iboeinakarfl con rule to* trade of Lynn and deter- the wagon of then- tabor." Gentlemen, you all what Mr. Hood's opinion te worth. 'I would recommend that, tn the event of a strike, yon complete you unfinished lots, aad act In all respects ho norably towards your employers; that yon appoint a oomauttee of five to present the bill of wages to the nana faotarers, a committee of fifteen to solicit aad disburse subscriptions, an auditing oooimiitee, a committee of 100 to enforce the rales of the strike, and a committee of 3,000who stoned during the evening. Mr.Dnaraasoggestodlaatlao canvassing, whioh badbeen so soresssfat, but was yet incomplete, be continued, and made thorough. Ho also suggested the appointment of 2,(X0 to wait on tbo ton who bad declined to etrike, and see if they could not be persuaded to co-operate.THE 22D OF FBBBTJABY FIXED FOB TBS STKIkR. Mr. Diurra then moved that the first day of March next bo fixed on as the time for the strike to take place, (Criesdirectors—and myself; I don't think Mr. Kernochaa was present; it was on the 21st of September; I wish to make a correction—Mr. Grant I know wss present, but I am not sure so to toe others: toe conversation was in the direc- tors' roomtatthe beak; I know Hays sad King, bank de- tectivce; Mr. King was in the bank at the time of theoon- vereation; he was not in the room; Lane bad been at that Ume in the custody of Mr. King, the detective, on a charge of forgery pondtog bofoto Jontloe Cnborno; Mr. Lane had been arrested too day before; I d o not know bow ho camehave felt charmtogalso.ottbey wereobjestt of toe okon of to* gentlemen. If the» peuoy, whilethe to wtit upon the expressmen with soothing arguments and onthegroundthat moralsuesIon.to ho brought to the bank; bo wss there tost morning telegraph 1got toe book sad rend out too Dean entries; I MrALIENRICHsaidhewssgladtobearthemotion, whenIarrived;bowasbroughttheretomakecertain readprobabl.tentotwentyofthem;bodeniedthaibut he diun't see bow he could watt so long as that statements, by direction of Mr. Grant, one of tbo directors; they wore false, sad said they were genuine entries; I (Cheers.) Let us have it on the 22d of February, said he. be gave the directions to Mr. King, the ofltoer; I hoard all said bills discounted were short-how do you ac•«wfflealT while the sev«tototto*Iandbouowsl?prl* tos subsututios of a •'speak; aad If each spoke half an hour, it would take .all night. (Hisses, cries of "(Dry up," -'Put him out," "Go on. Draper," Ac.)Mr. Dure*—What gentleman wishes to speak ?Mr. CbiraoB—Several.Mr. Da*r*»—Who for one fMr. Oomoa—Mr. Haines wishes to speak for one.(Cries of "He can't speak," "Go on, Draper." The au thence were almost unanimous in requesting Mr. Draper toroon)versation had.The question, at the suggestion of the Court, wss put inthis form:—Was anything said to induce the prisoner to make disclosures? A. I said something to Induce him.Q. Did j on not hear Mr. Grant say to the prisoner in the directors' room that they bad an officer in waiting to take him to prison unless he (Lane) should disclose certain mattersconnectedwiththeaffairsofthebank,whenthe prisoner replied,''Suppose I should make these disclo- sures?" and that Mr. Grant replied, "then the disgrace may be avoided," or language like that? A. I beard noon any other book but the registry, could he have ob- tained the money? A. He could not obtain th* money without s ticket; the peculiarity about the entry was that it appeared that the money was got before the note was due.Mr. Brady—It is a great peculiarity indeed to get money before it Is due. (Laughter.)Witnesswss**kediftherewasanything inhiscross- examination by Mr. Holmes which he wished to correct He replied that he feared there was some confusion with regard to what occurred at the meetings on the 20th sad 21st of September, sad he would like to bear the questions read. •Mr. O'Conor said that if the witness did not now recol- lectanythingbewishedtocorrecttherewasnonecessity. About four o'clock ia the afternoon of the 201b of Septem- ber Gilbert Hays saw th* defendant.Mr. Brady offered two tetters In evidence, and also too answer of Mr. Lane, 8r ., to a written communication.The Court excluded the totters.Mr. Wsterbary (District Attorney) here notified toe Court that the ease for the prosecution was closed.The Court adjourned until to-morrow morning s i tea o'clock.The following are the letters offered by Mr Brady:— FCLTOW Hum,) Naw YORK, Nov. 9,1899. /W. J. LAJTB, Esq. >—NEW XORK HERALD. SATURDAY, FEBBUABY ,18, lSoO.-^BIPLaV ffllffcV(Cries of " Yes," "yes." Lynn, said be, is the shoemakers' ban wuh any prospect of gala. The contest grass." I believe la making hay while the sua shines. Banker Hill. (Cheers.) Massachusetts struck a blowforthe conversation that morning Q. Between the Ume ofbis arrest and your meeting him in the directors1 room count for that? after Willis called him a rascal,i quite exciting at late, aad the Journeymen are " a determined method. l b * principal[ la among the workmen of Lynn, the most nu merous of all the snoe maaufacturing towns aad cities.THE PBK3M tO BE BTnCOX FOB.«i« first awaiting af the Lynn ahsaanaaers, with a view to a strata, wa* held at Liberty Hall, the headquarters of(Cheers )It has been suggested that the shoemakers of NewHampshire will come in here and take all the work; but, according to the tost census, there were only 4,000 boot and shoemakers tn the whole State of New Hampabtre; and can they supply the places of 4,000 Lynn and Marble bead workmen, of the 1,000 to Haverhill and 600 tn Nafreedom at Bunker Hill, and her example had a good effect on all the wavering States. Lot us improve our time, and give the undecided the benefit of our decision. (Cheers ) He closed by moving an amendment, that the strike take place on the 23d of February.SAUL-XL GRXBMS, one of the oldest men present, came forward at the call of the audience and made a short, but most energetic address in support of the amendment.bad you seen him? A. I saw him on the 20th, both be- fore sad after the arrest; Mr. Grant, Mr. Field. Mr. Welles. Mr. Stewart, Mr; Adams, Mr. Kernocban and m y . self; I beard all the conversation on that occasion.q. Wss any question propounded to him by yon or any one else on the 20th, after his arrest, the tendency of which wss calculated to elicit from him answers respect-he sat down aad laid his bead to his hand and said, "I am a rascal—I did take the money Into* way you (wit nets) s s y I did; Mr. Kernocban also said (before Lane admitted tost Dean wss a mylb) "You rascal, you have taken it;" no lawyer advised to prosecute tho defendant for embezzlement; when I went out to the police onto* I did not tell toe prisoner where I was going; I think he had a suspicion where I was going; Mr. Koraooaan remarked,manufacturing cities highly favorable to the Lynn Strikers. Beverly, said he, ant hooan^ntdftam to day, and towtth us. A man to day got forty nine men to sign oat of fifty two vtotted.ana tbo other threel did noet sign forfear their bosses would Newburyport hadhave exsmlnedtbe foreign register of the Fulton Bank; I know of noentrtosofnotescoUectedtothecrwlltof W. J. Lane, except those to the name of A. B. Deaa; snumber of discounted bills bad not been credited; a por- tion of the paper produced Is to Lanes handwriUUng, and a part in mine; tbo prisoner made out the paper tad handed it to roe.Mr Brady objected to the reading of the paper.avday.butioto be thoroughlyTHl MTOBBS OF aTBHBBB.OUUBBS Ciiunwa, from the Canvuatog Cu • tThe direct examination was suspended until the detesoe had an opportunity of cross examining the witness on this pointof "<tood," "Wod.")Jtick? If there were 20,000 they could not defeat you, eventhe Lynn Mechanics' Association, oa the evening of fa if they be so disposed, for tkey are ail employed, work- "One hundred and twenty-eight years ago next Wednes tog the affairs of the bank" A. There was, sir, by myself this man Is fiee to go, we had better go and make a combruerv a, whan the a coannittee appointed for the porpoae ing fftem knur* * day to earn thrte or four dollars a week, day," said be, "the Father of American Jberty was born. reported follow tag pledge aad list of prions:— and taey eon do more, for love or money; besides, Shall we ever have a better time to celebrate?" His We, the undersigned, |i*uroey men shoemakers, jointly those of them who are not going a fishing or a farming, grandfather bad fought tn the battles of the Revolution, aad at rerally ptoage ourselves to suspend ear tabor, oa a by the middle (f March,are willing to combine with you, and be inherited some of his ancestors' hatred of oppres-nnder an in'ormal arrest: I consider that on the night of the police office to make s complaint against a defsuiting the 20th September tost Mr. Lane wss given into the cus- clerk, you took no means to secure him from going away? tody of the officer; I had an Interview with Mr. Lane A. I supposed that those we left in the bank would attendthe erection of safe tenement bouses, intend to submit to the Board sa ordinance upon that subject to a few days, The committee are In favor of authorising the Mayor to establish a Building Inspector Bureau, at aa expeaaa set exceed 97,600 per annum, to bo under th* charge of a superintendent, to be appointed by the Mayor, bis i tobe$2,900,*adthatofbisfourassonants91.000<all of these gentlemen to be competent builders, dinancewillprovide,weareInformed,that*allwho are about to erect or alter a building ef s a y toad shall, before commencing file a minute s a d accurate des- cription of it. the manner to which it la to be constructed, the purpose for which it is intended and th* time whea ft is to be commenced, under * penalty of one thoawauit dol- lars Tbey wlU suggest that it should be toe doty *f *as Inspector te report upon all buildings In process of • n a - tion or alteration, sad that, when they And any structure which to their Judgment imporiliod lite, they should report it to the Corporation Attorney, who would prosecute the guilty parties. The committee will also re- commend the propriety of giving the Inspector power Is report upon all overloaded warehouses, sad those stores containing combustible material, as well ss buildings having steam engines and boilers Th* adoption sad rigidenforcementofsuch an ordinance to Just whatto wanted to prevent th* repetition of ths sad son! itan** which have recently occurred to this and aeigaburtogcities, and it is to be hoped that when such s a ordinance to presented* it will be noted upon without delay. Al- though there Is a similar meaaure before to* Lag 'it is more fitting tost it should emanate from the i Council, for our cKy rulers ought to knowwhat kind of a law is wanted for the protection of ear citizens than the representatives of the rural dtstrtcto.DAnXBEsocn Taeaansi Hocssa—We are aathorttativeto informed that CoL Delsvan's reply to th* resolution ef the Common Council, asking for information rotative to ths number of dangerous tenement houses in the city, is i almostcompleted,sadwillbereadyforsome time next week. Mr. Richard Downing, toe Sapor.totendent of Sanitary Inspection, has devoted a vast d**Jof labor to too inquiry, and, through his mrglUs anaa-sures, it h said that over four hundred bnlktlags of theclass above awawanasd have already been returned as dangerous, either because of being too •nansroiawj ten- anted, not having sufficient means of egress to ease of fire*, or—what is perhaps tos most important cjooatdera-day hereafter to be determined la maas meeting, unless, to str'ke with you, to form an association, to establish an sion. H« knew what it was to be a poor man, but like after the complaint bad been made before Justice to their duty; I, fully expected-to find him there when Iprior to teat Ume, we reocive the full wages hereto an- apprenticeship system, to shorten the hours and Increase Patrick Henry, he preferred even death to a loss of nexed, and we iuither agree not to take work from any the wages o'. labor hberty.LynnemployeratleasthantheMatofprices,unlessthe AVOJCI(Mr.Connor)Intherearofthehall—Ifthe JosxraCojrsi'R,anotheroldgentleman,andsfriendofOsborne. got back.Q On the morning ef the 21st September, at the Inter- Mr. Brady (looking at the registry of foreign notes) viewreferredtointheBoardofDirectors,wasanything said,onpageHfitherearesevenentriestoA.B.Dean.Q said to the accused by you or any one else which encou- Did be state to you at wbat time these entries were made? raged, or tended to encourage, a disclosure by him as to A. He did not; he said he got the money at other times hisaccount,orbooksofaccountkeptbyhimtobank? thanwhentheentriesweremade;IunderstoodhimthatMr. ('Conor objected to the question; the witness was be established a credit for himself either directly or Bottobeconvertedintoajudgeofwhattendencythecon- throughhisfather's account. Q Ifthere wssnoentrystrike shall have been deconuaued by a vote of a majority gentleman will allow me to interrupt him, I wish to sug-of a metUng oi the subscribe* to the agreement, ample gest—I enjoy hearing him talk very much—but I wish to noticeofwhichmeetmgebaudratharebeengirea:— BoggestthatthereareothergentlemenwhowishtoMr. Haines, also made a few remarks, and requested that two of the names on the petition be stricken off because tbeywerefictitious,suggestingthatamanwhowoulddo someanansetUstoaffix afictitiousnametosucha document wonlu rob the dead or steal platotains from a minister's door yard. (Laughter.)The question was then put on the amendment, when it was unanimously adopted, and the motion as amended was carried by a unanimous vote, the CHAIRMAN remark- ing that the vote on the other side was so small he couldn't count itPREPARATIONS FOR THE STRIKE. Mr.ALLENRICHthenmovedthatonthemorningofthe strike, at nine o'clock, they meet on Central square, if theMr. DaArmt—Gentlemen i I believe this Is k meeting ofLynn shoemakers, and it would be very Injudicious forme to yieid, unless to a person who is authorized to advo-cate your interests. I believe vour applause has sufil rain or shine, and the motion was accordingly amended to such conversation.99. Fow are dttcendamti of the men who resisted (he tax of Thickaadthiaedgecacks—firstquality,20cents;se- threepenceprrpoundontea,andnowtheypropote,by wasprovidedfortocorrectandextendthepricelistA committee of twenty, to be appointed by the chair, cond,19;third,12*;fourth.8. meant oforders,totaxyoumorethanthreepenceperp-mnd; Mr.COMNOBdidnotwishtohavethecommitteeconfinedthird, 1 110.NEW YORK, Nov. 11,1899. TO THE PKESTDEST AKD BOARD OF DlKECTOKS OFTBB FCUOEMr. Holmes then said that toe defendant's counsel sup- posed that sufficient had been shown to the conversation Hall, aad bald a very enthusiastic meeting. The only all speakers confine themselves to the question before the journed to meet again on Saturday evening at half past to prove that menace bad been made to Lane to induceW. J. LANK.signation s s cashier of this bank, was mid before toe BoardofDirectorsthismorning,sadacceptedbvthem. Respectfully yours, 'R. M BUCHANAN, Assistant Cashier.The Hiorwalk Bask Case. Before United States Commissioner K. G. White,THS QUESTION OF COMPARISON OF BANDWKinNG— TESTIMONY AS TO THE IDENTITY OF SIONATLRES. The examination of toe Norwalk Bank cans was con.TBS MXETDiG LAST EVENING.Last evening the journeyman reassembled at LyceumThe meeting then, at ten minutes of ten o'clock, ad-FCLTOS BAXK, ) NEW Yoan, Nov. 12,1869. j"BmovAt o twinter appears to be toe totally down oa the street clean-lack af harmony was caused by the presence of Mr. Thoe. meetmg. The tost remark was received with shouts of O Haines, a former preaideBt of the association. and some approbation.of his friends. They werein favor of the strike, out object 8PBBCH OF THOMAS G. HAINES. edtosomeattheviewsandleadersofthemajority.Mr. Mr.HAnnacameforwardagain,andwasallowedtotwo o'clock, to and around Liberty Hall. with loud cheers.It broke nphim to make the disclosures.W. J. LAKE, Esq.:— •restedlorafelonyheshallbeImmediatelybroughtbe- Same* was expelled from the association some time ago, commence without interruption. He said substantially:— QCARTKBLY REPORT OF THE GENERAL SUPERIN- fore a magistrate, and that the magistrate should firstaad mutual hard feelings have existed since, the grounds tor which oa either aide we will not at ttiis time discuss. The relations of the parties are beat seen by the report of theproceedings.caution him that he was not bound to say anything to cri- minate himself. Can it be, then, that a private individual can, without this caution, which the magistrate is comweather would allow.Mr. GSXKNSinsisted that they should meet any way,suit his wish, and then adopted.Mr. DRAFCX moved that a committee of five be appointedtowaitonthebossesandrequestthem to accede to the bill of wsges.Mr XAFOLBOS WOOD, the doorkeeper of the Mechanic Association, made a brief but stirring address to the meeting, urging the strike as an act of charity to the bosses themselves, and of justice to the taxpayers of Bos- ton and the tradesmen of the city, who depended largely on the patronage of the shoemakers for their business.The motion for s committee was unanimously adopted, and the following were chosen by nomination at large:— E C Darlin, Jtmes Dillon, G. P. Sanderson, Richard H. Carter,Wm.H.White.On motion of the same gentleman so Executive Commit- tee of five waa appointed to the same manner, constating of Samuel Greene, Alonzo G Draper, John R. Parrott, G. P. Sanderson and A. C Wyman.withMr.Kernocbanwhenthiscomplaintwasmade;lane Itthereforedevolvesonmetocommunicate saidreso- Eld aad satin sappers—first quality, 42 cents; second, yourfathers marched to LexirvHoi and Concord, and spilt to members nfthe association. There were as good men was at that time in the bank; I don't know anything to lution to yon. Respectfully, yours,• ; third, SO.turned heeled gaiters—first quality, 62cents;second, 90; third, 40.•wars' heeled turns first quality, 90 cents; second, 40;third, 90.Ladies' turned monk welts first quality. 87 cents; aa-eoad 99; third, 29; fourth, 90.Thin edges first quality, 30 cents; second, 29; third,and cries or "Go on. "1 Gentlemen,Iwasabouttosaythatyouareworsepaid.at the present tune, than the cordwainers of England and Ireland. I am informed by Mr. Cabt!l, of Quincy, that tn London there Is an association of over 100,000 men, who have for years controlled prices, and that the shoemakers' society of Cork and Dublin have never received toss than twenty five cento tor a turned shoe. Now, gentlemen, are you willing to confess yourselves lower in tne social scale than the operatives of England and Ireland?Or will you rise tn yonr might and achieve an honors able independence?Marbleheadisripeforthestrike,aadyouknowthatin Marblebead they never do things by halves, whether it be "tarring and feathering old flood Ireson," rocking a Lynner, fighting the Britah, or striking for higher wages.Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen—I did not design, when 1came here, to take part to thia meeting; considering pastcircumstances, I was perfectly willing to come and hearwhatothershadtosay. ButIamwillingtoletbygones Stillman,inthechair. CommissionersStranahan,liowen pelledtogive,interrogatetheaccused,andthenattemptDillon was then chosen chairman, and Mr. Darlin isg on this town, or on that town, for assistance, I believe to be very injudicious, to use no harsher term. (Hisses D1U.O.V,OBtakingthechair,madesomeverybrief andcheers) Gentlemen,don't,don't. WaittillIgive , urging anion and harmony as necessary to sue- my reasons. The people In these other towns on whom , and a strut attention to the business of tbe meeting, you are urged to depend, are no better sole to furnish its object might be gained. He closed by calling on material aid to you than the Lynn shoemakers are to giveUnued yesterday, at the Grand Jury room, before United if there was not a possibility of reducing the detailed liceman who bad him to custody, that he killed the man States Commissioner K. G. Whit*.rounded by horns of plenty. It has been said here that one journeyman was to give 910O, and others another 9100. Well, what of that? What te $260 to the shoe- makers of Lynn? You bad better restrict yourselves 10 a vegetable diet, and if you can raise money eniugb to buyabagofmeal,doso,andliveoncornandryetillthnthe Board of Supervisors for an appropriation to build athat be was never formally discharged. Mr. Monaban partner some three or four weeks ago; Williams came to damaged about 926, and a insured.said, on the morning of the 20th of September that he hadcoming forward aad offering "to lead the men to victory. sands of Arabia as to oppose it(Cheers ) Last evening the Haverhill Town Hall was There has been much talk about the feeling at Haver the Brooklyn force, 11 are reported on the sick list, and 96 in the circumstances of the case to warrant the exclusionDaofasociety." (Cheersandgroans.) fromMr.OliverM.IngallsofLowell,seventyfivecentsA. He Informed me that there was no such person; that A. B. Dean was a " myth.'*after appotnttng aof which belonged to Mr. Draper, and he had neglectedto send it to him. For this he has wsrned the public InQ.State,ifyouplease,whatfurtherhosaidaboutA. B Dean being a myth.pensivesteamboatcontestswhkhhastakenplace for many years. It ends, we think we may say, satisfactorily to all parties engaged. The seatie_ ascertain how many would his paper not to trust me. (Loud groans and hisses.) to strike, which oomauttee are to ro-A. He staled that these entries on the register purport- were varied, but (2 Storkto, p. MS) tos result to given ing to be collections as unfavorable to such admnstons. In this GreenfieldMr. DnAFsn—Not one dollar only, but twelve or fifteen. ta Haverhill, aad fxmd Mr. Haines toft the stand amid tound cries of "Put himholders in the Pacific Mail Comfiany, who hare for some time been uneasy, and not withotat rea- son, at the enormous expense of a competition which many persona believed might hare beenavoided at the outset. Nor can the above tormina tion of the contest he dkpLsaaiag to Conunadere Vanderbilt, as it phubes him exactly where he wanted to be—in cocvtrol of the Atlantic business toAspinwall,and-ridshimofhatPacificboats. Allparties,therefore,mayhesafelycongratulatedcheckssscomparedwithoursigoatorobook;Icompared bytheirfriends. ThestockfluetesAedaotiTely,as these until I thought myself familiar with hay handwrit- usual. It opened at 89, and was freely supplied at ing; I think tost I have such a knowledge. Q. Can yousay, from year kriowledgeofdefendant's writing,that thatquotation. Betweentheboardstherewere the signature tn Adams' Express Company's receipt book Bales as low aa 88: but on fne news that Vanderbilt wxs written by the same person * (Objected to sad objec-n ready to sign that opposed by the more "rtke in Haverhill toout! put him out!"SriKCH OP JAMBS DILL ON, THE CH1IRKAX.Mr. Jans DILLON, the Chairman, then made some re- marks. Bosaid:—Gsj«TTjauD»—I aakTsomethmg about forgetting the sub- ject properly before uo—I fear we bare corns very near ft, (Cheers.) Ws sbouH eonstder the condition of oar eraft Fears s i * entertained that unless nomothing isdone she will go down. She is almost under already, and something mnst be done to keep her afloat Now, the qoentiona,"Who can do this?" (Cries—"Ourselves:")Yes,Ithinkwewifl. (Cheers.) Wedon'tneedtogoM2uo***?**ta*o,boomt'tftrmwnenmyTr^ngS&t ab^tt^1tn1LyoTMn ^ ' —were cared for and tiken to their homes and the hospitalOne hundred and eighty six lost horses, and one hundredaad nineteen horses and vehicles, restored to their owners.Five hundred and ninety three stores and dwellings werereported found open at night; three fires extinguished bythe police, and thirty one persons rescued from drowning? a credit to himself or his father; he stated that be held There were also thirty persons found dead, and the Core back from entering up hills of a corresponding amountStates—Massachusetts, for instance—the ruling to differ- ent; but in New York a witness most have some previous knowledge of toe handwriting of the defendant, and cannot conclude that any handwriting to that of the defendant, simply by the comparison of two or more papers ofiered in evidence. Tbeeviueace of experts, including that ofMr. Coffin, in this case, wss, therefore, ruled out,Mr. Wm. H. Oakley, toller of th* Ctttoens' Bank, re-called.Mr. Busteed objected to the re-examination oT this wit-ness. Objection overrated.Q.Haveyonsuch aknowledge oftoedefend-TENDENT.Tne Board met yesterday afternoon, the President, MrA 'forceatthecourts. withapoaketknifewhendrunk,wasreceived. Oajeotionnew Hocse of Detention for witnesses.stated:—Edmund Renn, Sixteenth ward; James Kirk,Thirteenthward;C.E Price,Seventhward;P.Bassford,do.; J. C Elroot, Second ward, and G. W. Conklin, Thir- sen," that that was holding out a hope to the prisoner.returned the check to him; Mr. Busteed repeated his question as to the price for too saloon; toe court over- rated the question on its own motion; Mr. B. moved to strike oat thewholeofthistestimony: toe motionwas refused.George H. Grafft, sworn—In January last Williams of- fered him 9600 for a dining saloon, which he toon owned accepted the offer, and went* to have toe papers drawn up, and has not seen defendant since. The District at-strike of ton tbouaaad men; and that you expected them rience—because he isn't a shoemaker. (Cheers for Dra The mmber of arrests reported were 10,812, of which 19,- Charl*s G. Rockwood, cashier of the Newark Baaking torney offered to pr. ve that Williams wished these papersment that both parties would go on selling tickets for the steamers of Monday—was calculated to impairpublic confidenceinthearrangement We have no reason, however, to doubt tho sincerity of all parties ia the settlement which has been made, or to question its being fairly carried out on both sides,isintimatedinthismorning'sBEBALD. Thearrangement is to the effect that the competition oncompletely filled, aad amongst the audience ware several hill; 1 was there about one year ago; they had a large manufacturers aad tradesmen. (Cheers.) and a committee was chosen to report at a cer- OnthatoccasionIurgedtheHaverhill men to coope- time. But whentheUrn* came notamother'sson rate with their brethren of Lynn and Marblebead, who of them was there. (Cheers and hisses.) They were were arming themselves with clam diggers, to the num frightened out of it, and backed down. So this is yourwar of three thousand men, and preparing to march to Haverhill, where your material aid Is to come from.the beach oa the 22d of February or 1st of Marco. I in The gentleman, and I don't wish to depreciate him, formed thf m that y o i had sent oommittees to Newbury- cannot contrast the different shoe manufacturing ptosesdetailed to courts and othar places. Number of reliable of the confession.day and night patrol force, 160. The force in this city Adolphus W. Waldron deposed he was one of the firm ranksasfollows :Captains,26; surgoons,6: sergeant* of Waldron. IUsley &Co. up to 1969;(noteNo.9pro 105 ; doormen, 51 ; and patrolmen, 1,858. Of this num- duoed); that was made by our firm; I know of no other ber 14 are reported on the sick list, 89 detailed at the note for that amount—9618 76—but this one; we neverSamuel S. Serjent had been clerk of Waldron k IUsley, pott and New Hampshire, o organise a simultaneous properly, simply because be has hasn't had tne expe- quarter the force lost altogether 5,059 days by sickness. and corroborated their testimony.1that if any method could be devised of classifyiag the work, It would bo expodienhyfor tho jowoeymen to strike and. to form an assertstion at the propertime, bath* thought that they ought to alio w tho m u ufaeturers until the ist of Aaril to complete their contracts.Saidhe—"Iamsewlatoemiiet ofay owing orders,aad It yon compel me to pay on advmnoo of five cents per Haines started to leave the stand. But after a brief1 have no knowledge of the existence of such a man; be- fore the prisoner was arrested I inquired of him if there was such a person as A B Dean.courts and steamboat landings, and attached to precincts where there is no night duty, 63. On special ward duty, 20, and reliable night and day duty, l.Mft. During toemade such a note to Mr. A . B. Dean; I know of no such person.to combine with you In astabjtehtog and maintaining uni- per.) There never was a boot or shoe made In Haverhill Kwere made in New York, and 2,977 tn Brooklyn. Of Company, ideutifled the note produced s s being received drawn up under another name, bat this evidence was the Pacific shall cease; that the Pacific Mail Com-form and remunerative wages for your labor; I urgel that would command three fourths of the prises here. number, 126 were for burglary, 363 for grand lar- at ha bank from toe Fulton Bank, New York; he cor- ruled outthem to secure an advance by a strike, and to maiauia it Now, what a scrape the HaverhiS people would be drawnby hMawitlsli Ij forming themselves into an association. Into if they attempted to follow you exactly. (Hisses andIaresponsetomyappealthemeetingdecidedalmost cheers) IknowBostonmarket,andIknowitisnotaaanimoualy ia favor of the strike and of tho association, overflowed with nice goods, there is an overstock, as only on* man voting in the negative. (Load hurrahs ) they call it, but it Is not of such aloe goods as you oannan of the meeting tnen isviicd the employ- furnish. And then these cases of stock which your bosses to express their news upon the subject, a a l have in thtir garrets—(hisses)—they will, I guess, turnIFace, aa exlensi r* manufacturer, esponded, out to be at least half empty. (Cheers and hisses )Tne interruption here was prolonged, and the applause from one corner of the bouse was swallowed up by hisses in the other portions, and these were followed by shouts and cheers which were too demonstra- tive and extended to suggest other than a doubtful compliment The chairman restored quiet, but Mr.against property only fell off about thirteen per cent, thearrests for personal offences fell off thirty per cent, andthese facto, with the fewer reported losses by offences,setm to show that crime decreases rather than increasesin the winter which may be accounted for by the migration ofmany profess!JQ*IthievestotheSouth. Ofthe Incidental services spoken of, there is reported lost during not?Mr. Vaaderbflt's company. The relative proportion of each company in the receipt* of both has not yet been definitely settled. Some other matters ofdetailremaintobeadjusted,hotthesearethe mainfeaturesofthecompromise. Thecontractof adjustment was to he signed this evening. Thou.Hi £S?«,d L t w e n t y ° ° e »handoned infants cared for, and 926,091 to taken from lodgers for safe keeping, and restored to them The violations of Corpjratlon ordiwith the entries, under the head of A. B. Dean, or A. B.D., or A. B Dean « Co ; ho said that when circumstancesforced him to credit bills discounted with bills or noteswhich bad actually been collected by banks in otherplaces, he would so credit bids discounted,droppingorcreditingbiisdiscountedwhichhadbecomeS 0 a U n t e h 2 ^ . T 2 1 * r ' * *w^roportooTcorpn-^?ST/lto^a*,m•."«>nolndiBgthereportlbsGeneral*H^La*vS,ie ka«th to *• responsibilities Vesttni p tb ebant's handwritingaswill enableyoutojodgsofit.r A.and show?_T" OeMaaUWftQs\n% OwwMOQoOoBaDpatftebwbatwewant. Tho g*M.^^JS^HSL """** *^!om1nsatur£dueinthemeantime,andinthiswaythese entries wouldbe found running to the books for some years past; I My knowledge reuses principally to the signature to toe•. ^ ?v ¥ OMcuttv*ontoer of to* dssartaawtawowr. «?iL L , a n u* capable enough of securing their vcmSL T U , .T ^W *• 5 a l " m **•*» *« oooord withthe asked him If be bad ever meddled with other securities ofar*W^!r? ^ P."***"* their own Interests, but they w2.fL"S'*?? »*irre*t torosublleewiththem They , and crowded before We* of this awatoatotoa ft tooad auks them resistThs Judge said, as toe statement refers to other entries, it was admissible, the question as to this particular transaction, ir accompanied by others, may be put.Witness continued—He stated that be had made entries on the register; I stood him too amount of then* entries; he said he could net tell exactly—it might be 957,000, 968,000 or 960.0C0; it did not axeeed $60,000; bewss abaott sore it would net; I asked him n*he had any means of knowing; he said be had, or nearly the amount, tf he bad certain papers which were then at his house, aad in a trunk, to Fourth avenue.tion sustained ) The witness identified the signatures to two checks for 91,800 and $900, respeetively, presented by Williams to person; when an account is opened at abank, the President or cashier—selttem the teller—pro- cures toe signature of to* customer to to* signature boak; witnessdidnotteedefendant writebisnameintheboo*, and never bad say conversation with btoa on the subject did uot see him write the tote eheoks inferred to; never raw htoa write; without the compar»*u of the oheekswithU»customer'sbook,weald notb*able to nay any- bjm 4wri tiaand Barlow had arrived %t a satisfactory nnder standing, the price ro^.and touched 91, closing 904 hid.Theimpetusgive'jto the market bythemove- ments in Pacific nlafl, the check of the Pro Bats party in the I^^iajntare, and the ontinaed sdrieosof increased ^raffle on the roads, combined to 1st P*rt new v,*ialtty to the stock market to-dty, and we h V e to note no advance in almost all doscris-testablishing of the police, as tat law provides that the GeneralSuperintendentshalltaketheplaceoftheMayors of New York and Brooklyn. Ajaoai ths powers wbtobtonm arrived at spheres of duty s i h e may deemfirst pott down for. Ho shouId also be enabled to enc»ourage fidelity asnadtoo bank, ( t h e defendant's the witness was excluded )Q-Whatnextdidhestate?answerto tollquestion ofsealinthe and reward ItOkabypossessing tbo right tostimulate of Mr Stranahan las Board adjourned to^BBapv * i w)u whs eaftsatoaV* . . « (Att^r further argupeculiarly qualifiedthe subject of giving the power ofUiemontUno>rsofthe.foreetitled D*^p^sw*waaBw*mwaawamfThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Mr.Bradyagainobjected,aadtheCourtruled thatthe T ****!• mmt *£ «*ft*od to this particular eolry.Q Wassnythtogssid to him about getting papers? A,ocumentsurface, on which the t may b* safely attempted. There Is aa iat present to the i fore, tb*re can be no validflooding.FEoroasn ACTIO* or ras Conaoir Coram, onHorssB Ann USSAFS BSTLDUOS—WeSpecial Committee of ths Board of iand several others; I should say that Mr. Lane was then plaint Q Do you mean to tell me that when you went to tost week to examine sad report upon some pi n**,Q. On the morning of the 20th did you not hear Mr. Wil- lis say that the only chance Lane had of saving himself from prisonwasbymakingafullconfession,orsomething like that? A. Nosuch language; Mr. Willis said, •• You rascal,you should go to the State Prison;" I don't remember all the conversation; I think be, repeated the language I have used several times; there were no inducements held out by Mr. Willis in any form or shapeQ. Was there any inducement held out by any one on the morning or afternoon of the 20th and on the 21at? A. As stated before, I said something to Induce htm on the morning of the 20th; I rend off from the foreign registry, and s s l read them I said, "William, these are forgeries orfictitiousentiles—Ihavesuspectedthis account(allud- ing to entries 1 had read) to be a fictitious account since July tost; I have been tracking It up ever since;" that to my inducementBy vote of the meeting the Chairman appointed the fol- Lane if be attempted to leave the bank; I know that large surplus, has overwhelmed me In ruin and distress,theaesa*effree labor, inthename of your hungry tetnet lowingoommiiueetosolicit anddisbursecontributions— Hayeswasatthebankon the 20th; I don't know that withoutfaultonmypart. Torepairthemiachlef, aafar respecttog howtheseevilaamyheremediedaretobeof-and children, aad ia the nam* of the grocers and landlords to whom you owe thousands of dollars (Continued ohwra.) A gentleman (Mr. Connor) here called loudly for Mr. Haines, and there was a contest of voices, for aad against him,withstoodcriesbyhafriendsand hissesfromthoseopposed to him. He came up aad commenced speaking, bat the hisses and groans continued.J. R. Parrott, Alien Rich, Moses Merrill, Joseph Bo wen, A C. Wyman, R. H. Carter, James Martin, haty, fi C Darlin, Joseph Doty, A. Paul, W. H. White, A. G. Draper, Joseph Conner, D. N- Johnson.itwasvoted,onmotionofMr.Dura,thateveryun- ite shed set to the hands of the strikers should be com pleied and carried to, .every shoe be well made, and, if the bosses refused to secede to their termt, the lasts re- turned.Lane was ever discharged; he was first spoken to about loose entries on the morning of the 20th; the conversation about the paper, produced by the prosecution, occurred on the morning of the 21st (Complaint against defendant torembezxkmentproducedandidentifiedbythewitness). Mr. Holmes also produced a complaint against Lane, madeas I was able, I have conveyed to to* bank the whole of the little property which I had been able to savemany years of service.In obedience to their requirement I ofCashieroftheBank,assingofitsdirectorsonlytoex ercise such humanity and iustice as will release me from further itdebtedness, sad thereby enable me to find seme other station suitable to my condition. Very respectfully,fered to toe Oty Inspector•* report, but we bebere he to- taaas to adviae, to tn* saahary survey of toe city whtoa a being diligently prepared, the erection or air weito In ail tenement bouses as a mesas of proper ventilation for snobbuildings,sadlikewisetoeconstructionoffrontsatrear stairways to tonrsans to* facilities for aseape durtox flres. Ths details of toons plans wi.1be felly set forth to lb* forthcoming sanitary report to which we have re- ferred.•emoving the ashes and garbage from the city get frassn npintbeirdocks,sadJustsstheybegintogetloosefroa theirtoybends,throughto*dhsoivtoginfluenceofthesun, another cold snap comes on and congeals them up saew. This is st present the condition oTthtogs brought about byJackFrost'slatestvisit,sadlbspublicmustnet, therefore, blame th* authorities kf they find the ssbss frozen up to the streets, hut rather tarn all tbeir indigna- tion against the saucy clerk of the weather, who appears to be afflicted with ss many caprices as a fashionable w eFIRS IK PEAKXSTREST—Between one and two o'clock yesterdayafternoonafireoccurredtothebrushBtotosfThe chairman stilled the noise, and as Mr. Haines was coming forward again, entreated the audience to be atten- tive to him, suggesting also that it was desirable t> haveyours,Sleetingof thePolice Commissioners.before the Police Justice on the 22d of September. were marked A and B.TheseAnn GAESAoa.—The weather tins Mr. Taluxtadge, on the \same side, submitted that the DXAB Sm—Your totter of yesterday, tendering your re- ing officials. Ones every fortnight or s s toe boats faritatuto prescribes this coarse—whenever s person is ar-to Stateprison," and 'youshall be senttoStatepriQ. Before the arrest, and before the remarks of Mr. Willis, and before the first complaint was made, did the prisoner inform youwhethersuch apersonexistedorthedefendant'shandwritingbycomparisonwasthendis-cussed, aad authorities quoted upon both sides. JudgeTaney(UnitedStatesvs.Read,12 Howard,861) decidesthat the rules of evidence to federal courts are those whichheld in the different States at the time when federal courtswere established, and these were those of the common ends one of the most severe, protracted aad ex-committed another offence than the one for which he is indicted.The Court admitted the question.Exception taken. Witness continued—The prisoner stated that the entries were false and fictitious, and were made by him to ereatea week the first two weeks, and then, business getting sured to the Rutgers and Relief Insurance Companies farliams for 9400 upon the Citizens' Bank, sign-roborated the testimony Of the corresponding and col Thomas Gaffney, sworn—Resides In Thirty third street; pany shall bay Vnnderbilt's boats on the lecting clerk of the Newark Banking Company given yes- knows defendant about fourteen months; defendant as- Pacific; that Vanderbilt takes a portion of the terday;doesnotknowanyeuhpersonasA.B.Dean. sistedblminhisoffice(Mr.G.toarealestateagent)terceny, and 1,222 for petty larceny. There were 9,187 arrestsfor intoxication ; disorderly, 2,118, and 1,106 for vagrancyThepersonsarrestedduringthequarterwere.males12,299,females 4,262 ; of these, 11,674 could read and write.There were of this number, natives of the United State*, resumed by Mr. O'Conor. —1 had an interview with the dissolution of copartnership (previously introduced and on the Atlantic; that tho service on the 3,249, of foreign birth, 13,351, aad unknown, 241 There prisoner in the bank before the complaint was made; I given at length in our reports); has seen Williams write,Mr. Monahan was recalled, and his direct examination some time; Williams wrote aad signed toe* notice of toe Pacific Mail Company's steamboat propertyappears to have been a less number of arrests than during was a director of the bank since 1896; I know no such and is acquainted with his handwriting; Williams wrote in Pacifij is exclusively performed b y ' the the proceeding quarter; but while the arrests for offences person as A B Dean; I have seen the name on a paper; his books; witness resognized Williams' writing in a book Pacific Mail Company, and that on the Atlantic byof auction sales, which was produced; Mr. Holbrook sub-pcened witness; told him to bring all of Williams' writing ' he could find; could see defendant write at the sale atwhich the book waa us d.The question of the admissibility of evidence to provetowinEngland. Inthatcountry,however,thedecisionsupon the admissibility of comparisons of handwritingAm FOETEEELMSTEER Scmxsts —Deputy Superin- tendent Carpenter yesterday received from to* proprto- torsof Yolks Garden, being the receipts of a benefit, 982 60, and from toe French theatre 960 26, for las benefitofthesufierersoftheEunstreetfire. www.fultonhistory.comtoe Sigusiurea to the check* and. rppslp^boSofto?Ex 