i^Uaye; Tiemann. The Comptroller was authorlied Mr. NxsBiT's resignation. The details In regard tofemales 62;NEW-YORK'^„fiM.»i',^h'jJl I h J?55»L(n being separated from genUemen ned to fove and esteem.public buslne.sn. For particulars see his Report, Ap- pendix marked G.Yesterday afternoon Coroner Jacxuan summoned a jury to investigate th-? causes of the decease of Fl*k-and engineers will be presented.,;;I,fBfi cres eovBBwasNT.feOAKD OF ALDERMEN.Wpi- Ktii»*iPrii gjmai^ Jbti^ii, laatittrg », iaifc^°Market Court, on a of charge.d;Broadwayby Catherine Thompson,disreputabteifwEJj~^I„*"* *''* several executive departments of the City mfMDt in belter working order, by placing com- 'men at their beads, than they wereever knownrj. Vouchers to the amount of $151,751 87, drawn ag.'unst this appropriation, have been recoivorl— nUL »ARK STOCK—MONIT FOE MB. MING55,491 79 Farley and Daniel Shay were allapprehended for at-thv Board Ike Tear at 3 P. M. Saturday. Ail the members were adjaumed "wHhout day,"—that is, with the luten-from contingencies of Street Department. BVSXAU OF ROADS.Tlie Bu reau of Roads was, until the 31it day of Au- KUfit, under the Superintendence of Mr. Johh Nsjbit. A short Ime previously it was Intimated to me tliat there was an Important difference between the amoont of malertal of aeeruin kind fur-his Murray—to^rpe^l• and l«lj,81r 6.8mith«nd servaat-llSBia.*.'jneent.A Teto message was received from the Ma:ror> '^-$2,500,000.Watcuino for the New-Year at-OrtilleGiRHJiia'B Conrxx Rooas.—There was a gathering ofJ. Mitchell and Kn. Gow.Mortimer. ToomTT^BM.laniiiig without his approral the resolution in faror•f ladortiDg the application of the CommlssioBers offte Central Fark,*to the Legislature, for a further Is-oa of Central Park ImproTement Fond Stock, theMerest whereof shall not exceed tlM),00O. TheVay*^ holds -ttnt the sum already raised for the im-prorement of the Park—43,083,000—has exceeded•le Unit fixed by the Legislature. He says that the to p«rchase copy^fCnlqohan, Waind^IAldermas BeibOt moved that'tke resolutioB InME Advaooa, Carry, Comwallls. D.bTbS<fcvorof:Wolff: Emma. (Br.,) Hardenbr«oi, 8t Andrews SiDaringibeBaard, bowerar,•"•'•^/-"*^iI *?tV, minaung;t conscience, and the gratitude of your con-•"• bur labors for the year ate about ter-marked F.DErilT SUPIRINTENDEST OF REPAIRS AND SCP-i,,"*.*!!}? .present members,City.paying prevUesly paidantilhe Board situ die. adjournedZ De Wolff: Martha, Lambert. JseksoKrUe, (Mte Cto $290'terms of the resolutionhim, in sotordance with thethe old Police Com-passed unanimously,As soon as the Board had adjourned. CouncilmanHei-Col.' AuxAxsn MnM t250 in additionCompany."Yester- day Officers FBRAXtiia and Siinaoxi, *f the FourthJacmel. B. Bechpassed by 18i7, approprtstln;Police,having committed the and found in burglary,possession toe whole of the stolen property.Wimama. Wllllami. SaTaaBab/orc. HnmiTfc» Baaid concurred in HkeHen diractirig the Comptroller to draw his warrant Inwith which toand thus obviate the necessity of applying for an ap- propriation for arrearages.to the steamer, and wished him success in his mission.fcTor oTthefDremaa of SceanusEngine CompanyHe. H£for $380.^UMRhaa B>U)LnJs<ated that the Company hadThe appropriation for "stationery," and for "fuel, furniture and supplies for corporation offices," have been exiraustcd for several months, and for these pur-> jvopertyception that the Comptroller has authorized this De-theof the testimonial: -'Presented to Lafayette Engine lo be taken home to their parents, who are then to re-' WSDuring the year requisitions have been drawn uponthe Comptroller to the amoimtof $1,590,910 69; ofwhich $1,291,815 02 were for objects and purposes sick.and started in pursuit, but was not successful m resttog the fugitive.on Cemetery, Fridayandately, from a disease of toe heartReady to Pay —The Treasurer notice givesthat the bonds of 1815 ($30,000) and toose of 1850 ($75,000,) and all interest on all bonds due the 1st of-Battery,;pas- senger.", and the Br. steamer Vruled Kingdom, forGlasgow, with 11 passengers.'Streetappropriation ;dar,gees of Morocco, who, on account ofpersecutions,havebeenforcedtofleefromtheir Frozento'Death.—The ofanunknown-» ^Stexxt ConmssioxiK's Orvtircx, > Nxw-Yo«x, Dec.31,l»599. Jand inquire «vhetherthey had any furtner bus-January,*m€ iaaastobringbeforethisBoard.Tl^Committeesde- jMited on their missions, and presently returned with tteiritqports. TheCovmcUmeuhadnothingfurther lo sendu, but the Major bad one more message to tniumlt.dit,adoptionof a reselu-THZ STREETSDEHCIEJI-liquidate anybills notyet presented,tlfrpatts khd S)iMlM.'nWM Mayor Tmura't last r»to. ItwhalaidorA', '' „*)& 1'^ man compWta lalbrmMlaa see report o( 8a- IsterJannaiT. The receipts hr the week—Monday pertBl«'.,))eBt7, appendix marked I. being Christmas the office was closed—has been asmad»,l.Ta gang of eoonterfeUersito peas $3 biUs, M»-Hr. Arnold GnsM, M>. Etag. L. Jl. CarrlnftaMpjirportfnf to be the Inns of the Baak oTBralUeboro, lady, Bew-Tark: BairF F. Bant aad wUe. Bariaai VermoBt. Shop-keepers and others were promptly Mai. Caret Wtofafasaaa. a ehOdraa aa^lil ilTlia''A resolution ftasa tb* ComMtltoea, In fai«T of re- BOB»AU or Tas CHIEF mavim of tbs fiu follows:noliflrtto be on the York —movingthapostsandcbatav^matobstructBeekman- sirret's passage across Jte Park, was laid on ihe table.AWlIUm COHnSMKBr-MATOE some difficulty on account of the and the reporters were onanlmovaly adopt«*»:M itmrn MAyiVK orpoaxs a rcKXBiB issue or cin-$II,2«8 57|Fr!day:Jac«b Bis. do.; CasI Knoss, do. JaUas try, <» i -j,- .'far only as expenditures for repairs and construction T»'""*»y 24,780 001 TIIMAJIll'S lAST Vvii:<Tiss and tta other clerks sf the Board of fire apparatus are concerned. There has been There still remainsAdolph aommer,B^^n't* usual YesoMtMu of thanks t» Ur. D. TTotal..,.. 98 tempting to pass the counleifelts, and were commit-approprlalionYBO—TKANK8 TO THB PBBSIDIKT AHD CI.nK8 the minutes of the present -meeting wore exhansted, but the excess of expenditures Incurred upon the l tt of June will go Into the hands of theG. Md -^ A BKOTAL FIQBT. GoUlin Kies and 1 children, Bnffato Lagh Jad"r»— or pusidzbt m'bpidon. eritcBapproved, and -on motion of XHcrman Gatrar,paid cies of Streetout o( tlK forappropriation conttngen- Comptroller for collection, who. In case of failure to coimter with Robert Murray, at toe comer of Fortv-without a word sSM about the Tax Levy,—TotalThe Board of AUenncn held its last meeting of some of the Alderroen dreamed cflt the night pifore, the year $73,179 .',8, of which $6,101 72 were defrayed ressed property. This l-.i5tand that it was Vjtoed by the tloa of making a night of It.*BOARD OF 0O3NCILMEN.Into the office on account of these ar- Comptroller'sMr. and Mrs.nts*'• CL08JS0 PROCKKIHyCS POR THE EiK.over a himdred a number of ladles, persons, includingteous manlier in which they had performed their sev-selectingthe old Stockholders of the Company. The new co- be conducted as heretofore under the old name of thenights agothe<ter;;«wi impartial " manner In which he had presided overtlie Board. Alderman Bradt t>ore testimony to the ment of lite United States. I have now to say that tue office and not the officer.Soatb and Bostbwestem Mail-tii A. K. and Ait P.lodform coune^y of the President to him—one of the minority—and to all the members of the Board.The Clerk took the vote on the resolution, and it was adopted uiunimoosly.Preddent McSpicon arose, evidently much affected,during the year and a half this system has been adopted paothing has occurred tolessenmy confidence in lis merits. Not only is the system inltself correct and well adapted to the varied and important busi- ness of this Department, but It has been carried out in roost cases by the officers under me with zeal, in- telligence and industry. The Deparlaicnt is atRespectfully submitted,G. W. SMITH, Street Commissioner.THE BOARD OF EXCIS:E COMMISSIONERS. CLOSE OF BtTSIBESE FOR 1859.On- Saturday the Excise Commissioners met for the...About 954 -O'clock on Satorday, morning a fire took astfor Boston, by Railroad 5)iA.lC.aadl P.M.sod addressed the Board as follows Gimuiux or lai Boaxd of ALDxanH:ter, was damaged to the extent of $2,500 insured Louis." ;Bot.one .uiikirid word having been spoken, or act per- forrned, during the perioa of my occupancy of the.I.aliude to tlus circumstance with the great- .cst giati$ealion, the more so, as the Comsion Council of tMs City are frequently represented as being com- jpoaed of men the most depraved and unscrupulous, and. are. also frequently held accountable for acts of legislation, particularly In the expenditure of the City revenues, over wliichihe authorities of this City have JM> control whatever. A proper understanding of the Jegat resttaintsjmposed upon the Common Cotmcil, -briogislative enactments, and a stricter scrutiny of itae>pciTate character and reputations of the gentle- aKD cempostng the Board, would, I feel assured, re- mit in the formation of a much higher estimate by the jnbUc-of-Ihe unpaid public services and private worth «f tkaaewhom it is now customary (almost fashion-prepare an intelligible exhibit, of the actual state ofmany of the assessment rolls found in the office. Thebusiness of tlie Bureau Is In a satisfactory condition.The mass of confused and disordered assess- greatment accounts inherited from Josiph R. Tatlos and his deputies has. without an exception, been formallyclosed and returned according to law to the Bureau of Arrears. Since the 30th of September there have been collected In this Bureau and paid to the City Chamberlain $209,946; returned to the Bureau of Arrears $23,6«S 8U. Since Janiiary 1 there have been collected and paid to the City Chamberlain, $1,696,630 7i; returned to the Bureau of .Arrears, $4(17,422 53; balance January 1, 1860, $688,350 79. remain In the Collector's bands for collection. Assess- ments amounting to dollars. For more particular account see report of the Collector, ap- pendix marked D.BDREAir OF -WHARTES.The Superintendent of Wharves reports in full.Chaijf.able) for them to traduce and malign.The position of Alderman of thelarge force of men engaged.The explosion occurred just after the fuel in the furnaces had been replenished, and while the laborerswere a on board for use the taking supply duringlughu It was accompanied with a tremendous re- port, and pieces of Iron were thrown in all directions. That part bf the bolter which kept together landedafaoBid be such thatuo honorable man would seek to*n^ bici^dng its responsibilities. A representativein me highest legislative branch of government in aupon the business of his Bureau. He has tenderedbis resignation (wldch I have accepted, to take effect died instantly. The others who were Injured were«ity Jike Jiew-Yoik, outnuml>ering In populationthis day) previous to taking his seat as Senator in the Legislature of this State. The affairs of this Bureau are in good condition. Mr. Kiiiv has theconveyed as quickly as possible to the New-York Hos-of the States of the Union—a In of city, pointwoundswere siibsequently taken to their residences.sianywealth and pepulaUoU; comparing favorably with any city of ttie Old World—a city in which Is raised jmd disbursed aaziuallywere dressed. Six of themtwenty mlllloiu of <lollars, \ait» government and improvement—should raak only as secoad in importance to a representa- ttre in Congress.. Such an estimate placed upon the position, by the representative and his constituents, would he mutually advantageous and creditable toCity, by his resignation, loses.tbe services of a ihor-and efficient officer. No proi>rltttk)n8 were asked for this Bureau for the pres- ent year. The unexpended balance remaining on hand on the 1st of January last, amounting to $167,- "53 07, being, in the opinion of the Superuniendent, sufficient for all necessary purposes. Vouchers, to the amount of $82,080 28, have been received from this Bureau during the last quarter, and for $148,- 707 17 during the year, leaving a balance of $19.- 045 90, against which no voucneis have been cer- tified. Existing contracts will, however, when com- pleted, require for their payment the whole of this amount. For details, see Report of 'Superintendent,appendix marked E.BCBEAU OF UFAIB8 AKO 8CFFLIE8.at aunder treatment at the City Hospital'Ifithia the past year great improvements have been :SBade in the several executive departments of the City •^iOTsmBieat. From causeq,whlcn It Is not necessary ^et joe at this time to mention, great abuses were loondtoexlstin soBieof them, and It was only by a determination on the part of the members of the oarn to ronfirm the nominations of men of integrity »d abuiiy, uiii'.i ty h; . iiir.nr the Mayor, for the -«afl» 01 several deparlmeais, and ti.i cim-i.n of an perieneed and competent he id of Itie finance*- I)i-myself among .jj,_nearlyconditionlatehp-a rtment,thatadifferentorderofthingswagUiaugur- condiictpd,.for $2,000 in the Pacific Insurance Company. The During third floor, occupied by a tailor named John Coxxr,Cityof New-YorkYou have.it can well beofpurpose concludingthe business of lg5'j.The Overland Malli *rom St. Joseph (Mo.) to PlaeeiTMolutlon just passed is of ix character calculated to idadden the heart, and to cement more closely thethe time I have YaAWki^Smat to preside over thi deliberations of the 'Soint tt Aldenoei, I aajdeavQxed to dlscharfit'lke .dattu incident to HHigi^th an eye sinstLttJha-efficieut p«- Oie duties of the BoiBu, and have also ._ to be governed by. a* sMetest inpar- If Ikave succeeded, and your complimentary teads me to hope that I have, my desire has ben accomplished, and none can feel more grati-fied than myself.By your own free will, 1 was elevated to the posi-]oa.of presiding officer of this honorable Board ;^ po-sition, in my opinion, that should be solicited by no this Bureau lo tlie amount of $95,003 Rl, and nwmber, but wben voluntarily tenaered by his asso- during the year to the amount of $272,905 89, of ciates, should be held In the highest estimation by the which S24G,581 .VJ were on trust acc- unt, and $2G.- reclpent,-and should be regarded as an evidence ofthe confluence reposed in him by his associates inthe Beard. I have at all times, and under all clrcum-stasces, so regarded it. Gentlemen, 1 feel grate-fol for the kind manner in which you have at alltimies -assisted me in the discharge of the duties of theChair—];oar high-toned, gentlemanly and courteousbearing tawards each other, has made me forget thatthe Bo^d of Aldermen is composed of men belongiUKtoappositepoliticalparties. Vourdeportmenthasbeen of sucn a character that when compared withtiiatof other legtstetive bodies, it reflecl-s greatly totlieeredlt of the gentlemen eomposing this Board—at $30 each, and denied the otoers. The receipts for thesuits against liquor-dealers for selling without a 11; canse, but have procured judgments uataist only veryhappily existing between us. ThatWiLn,nearly destroyed.BaTaoseaU »t OeeaalSteaaMnea ofthe compliment just paid me is, or has been deserved, none other than yourselves are so well qualified to judge.friendshipwell books,arcounts,Ac.ulllii-of- gratihca- fice exhibit a clear and explicit view of its transac- J,^ of knowing they were largely instrumental in tlons. The general appropriation for this Bureau,and this Boanl of Aldermen have thea])<l the M-ry Including the unexpended balance of 1858, was $204,-.loHN Smith, rcl'llrigcorner of Piite andawoman, who told such a pit ful tele that the sym-pathies of the counirj'man w-erc excited, and he gave her money wherewith lo alleviate her distress. Soonleft him, Mr."'* *•'''• ** entirely cleared of all PLIE8. pubUc,generally willing lo ack.,„^ q^, successors can their labors Theperform Deputy Superintendentto be In the construc- experiencedtte lavra govcruinxi^nd ap|,.atoryinsertingpump,lator. Preserve him to yonrseh ^ «"l thenight,cer McPherson, of the Nlnlli Precinct, in the act of,whose pages are *vaysopen as a guide to the ,^"jp«rienced legis-ap- Vouchers to the amount of $1.T6,-$220 w-orlh of goods were carriedin parliamentary rules a.mai 'i->l.(lendlxcontained tlieretn.021 99 have been received from this Bureauwas still under and way, doing good service,'fL'/l^.'fJ'f'^'Jous A Committee from the Board of Co,of Taxes.— During„, to th«tprevlo,,sly appointedTompkins-square,an4 has mansgedbusiness ofpastand another of aaiiw waite:da -oonnTihne iB>io^;irrdur.Cntulud w-i—s- i•n•^.-o.,-attempt4]derB>eB bhad no lurther business lo brm^t lorwam.low id In this Bureau. There have been received from the Superintendent veeetieis amounting to $8,-mi to $20,005 90 dur-"f $8,6«4increasingto the Tax Commissioners office, to avoidOFARREST COUNTERFEITER.S.A mMSSaK?Ce wa^s re'celivv-ecd from the Mayo,',returmnLpay- ter thewlthot hi;; approval fhe000 fen » horse and wafOB (pr U)» Cupanntv-'nuent004 23 during the lasting the year, leaving a balance ui»*xpen<le<l8n Batcrdsy night Information was telegraphed to the various police stattons, that an anempt would beThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069With leatrte to, theto City Gov-to the attention of your Honorable Bodies, and II again referred to in ti>e very full report of theThe tailor's store ofBleecker-street, was broken into on the night of toeevening ihe water had been considerably reduced."*»<U5e-brought Superintendentanotherif It should be foundPhilip Luttenberg,No.341City.Totheieporters. 1 feel unde J",^,"v obligations.- the last quarter, and $418,873 81 for the year,duringThe fall add Imparoal reports u>d debatas have added much to t Boardo, anda 1i boeseechn ouuxr si>uiciic;eiis>s:o~.s«e eh-.';"*?**'","!' "'"'"'f^ of thea balance unexpended of $77,507 24. BURtAC OF LASDS AND PLACES.breakingOfficer of samePrecinct, Adams wasand aid in the lisohariiTheSuperintendent*very facilityduties. Theybearwlththemmyb« »^''^«-\w^the Artet will»fa on the next regular sailing day for Havana andarrested. Awas identified as that wldch had been stolen fromMr. Lutlenberg's store, was found upon the prisoner, w ho was committed Justice to-. ff?°>=_' tTM»h.eim.mored that New-Orteans.take the place of the Grca- _by Towers,theby i '-!h^a"?,"j"'J'^'-Beceipttheweek rush of taxbyswer a ofto comsocihtarthgaet offbeunrcgel.ary,Qcackkubcbu an-present in as good- conditionasdiiScultiee heretofore thevUle, vU Salt Lake City, leave St. Josspb every Bator "pleteaccoonts of IMS department conaeete^ vrittttrand were tltisirtfeiiTl>ainii»»1ii1liijiBSS, HasIToOciaa, TIo. M atreeL The flames La^fat, wlibtte-I^HbnatebustneasInitiatedsiniwthattima.with and in a short lime the £able wasThe principal difficulties of this character pertain to the Bureau of Street Improvements and to the Bu- reau of the Collection of Assessments. For a full account of the business of the* first-named Bureau you arc referred to the report of the Superintendent, tranMnilted herewith and marked appendix C. Dur- ing the last quarter vouchers have been received fromEEpIoiion324 30 on tax account 1 shall take an early occasion to request jour honorable bodies to recommend lo the Legislature of the State the passage of an act which will enable this department to settle and close up cer- tain outstandlAg accounts upon old, informal and ille- gal contracts for street Improvements.—BURST ONE MAN KILLED—ELETEJJ OTHERSSCALDED.On Saturday afternoon aboKt five o'clock, whilea number of 'longshor€inen, laborers and others wereat work on board the steamship Granada, which wassunk a day or two ago in conseqneace of being cntandtherearportionwasnearlyconsumed. Thefirst flo )r v*-as occupied by Mr. McGi:ixx as a grocery- sttire, and the second and third floors were occupied by five (aihllies. The total loss Is about $2,000; part of which is cxjvered by insurance. The cause of the fire could not be ascertained.FROM SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION.By the spoataecous combustion of a bottle of phosphorus, the drug-store of Dr. Hl'oaet, southeastm Coronei*' Inqnests>Amaleinfant was found early on Saturdayninniing In the alley-way of No. 191 Mott-streei, wherelt doubtless had been left to perish in the cold. An Inquest was held by Coroner O'Kixr, and the jury rendered a verdict that death bad been caused by some person unknown A man was fourd drowned yesterday at Pier No. 30, East River. Coroner Jackmab held an Inquest, but no evidence identlfybng the deceased was elicited Gsqaos \( C50, a destilule sailor, about 25 years of age, teok laudanum on Saturday, and died from Its effects a few hours subsequently, at the City Hospital. A dis- agreement with Lis brother had made him low spir- ited and Induced him to commit suicide An un- known colored man was'locked up on Salurdav after- noon, in a cell of the Tvienty-thiru Precinct Station- house, OD a charge of having been drunk in the street On visiting his cell yesterday morning, he was found dead. Aninquestvvillbeheldto-day.Felice ,RepartB> AN EXPEET.About two weeks since. Miss Sfdgwick, sister ofthe Assistant while in a District-Attorney, ridingBroadway stage, was annoyed by a well-dressed man, who persisted in sitting mush nearer her than the number In the stage warranted. After he had left the omnibus. Miss Sedgwick missed her pozket-book,$50. Information of the with a containing loss,des^Triplion of the Individual suspected, was given to Detectives Farley and Eustece, andyesterday Charles James, an adept at pocket-ptcklng, was apprehended by them on suspicion of having taken the money. Subseiiuently he was fully Identified by Miss Sedg- wick as the person who sat beside her In the stage. James Is a middle-aged man, of gentlemanly appear- ance, and would scarcely be suspected of engaging in the pursuit which he follows. He is said to have acquired a handsome property as the fruit of the knavish operations of himself and wife. The prisoner was held to answer.vrrTivi-.'i'i..l)h I'ri !:i} iiiRhl Joiiii (.-. Calvin, a Jerseyman, and a .--trangt-r i,) the ways of the City, was accosted on(i5(iCOLLECTION OF ASSESSMENTS.through by the floating Ice, a steam-boiler stationed on her (orw-ard deck, and used for draining a pump exploded with terrific force, causing the Instantaneous death of one man and the serious of elevencorner of Thirty-second-street and Ninth-avenue, was set on fire about S o'clock on Saturday morning. The stock of the store was damaged to the extent of about $'250. The building, a Mr.The accounts and business of the Bureau of Collec-scaldingThe Granada lay alongside of the dock at the foot of Warren-street when the explosion occurred. She had been relieved of all the andownedby was slightly damaged, but Is insured.BoatiAH,tion of Assessments were found in a very discredit-able condition on the 1st of May, 1858, and it has re-nearly water, preparations were In progress to keep two steam, pumps at w ork tliroughout the night, operations be- ing conducted under the direction of engineers in the employ of ilxEsxai & Bxtsitt, wreckers, who had aquired great labor, patient investigation, and the goodjudgment of men who are experts in book-keeping, todischarged duties of his office to my entire satisfaction, and thehour last Injured,evening of those who are^ghly competentnewap-:Lcxx FLtsxiGAn, 'longshoreman, was instantly kiUed.Thomas T. Bixnino, second mate of the Granada, was terribly scalded. It is supposed that he lohaled steam, and liiere are but slight hopes of his recovery.JoH» Bcbxx, a 'longshoreman, besides having his face and arms shockingly scalded, also sustained a fracture of the ribs, and suffers besides from severe bruises. His condition is considered to be extremely critical.Wk. B. Skitd, quartermaster of the Granada, was shockingly scalded atwut the bead and face, and little hopes are entertained of his recovery. So badly is he dlffiguied, that his friends were unable to recognize him.Hie.-itWater streets. .sustained severe hrnlse.v. It is alsofeared that he Is injured internally. His condition isvery precarious.JobnMoharam received painful sc;iMs, but his inju--'I'lif liMsiijcfs of tills Bureau has beenNl(jtitMare,—Wtothi-opchild aad lEr^and then a resolution, thanking the Assist-large on roads and canals. He was at the timeof his appointment a regularly confirmed City Sur-veyor, and had held the office for more than a year.now holds.Vouchers to the amoimt of $19,379 30 have beendrawn on the various appropriattons appertaining to the Bureau durtog the 'last quarter, and to $71,-222 71>iar>han, Pemsnibaeo, Napier, WUaoo diBukinPresidentant Clerks, the Reader and Sergeant-at-Arms, was experience189ladies' gaiters, valued at $150, were stolen.; Chara, PntuauOrTi£805 was called to the Chair, and Councilmanin the name of the Individual memt>ers ofNAX,equallyBoy,"notarrested twoyoungmen,named EestinE;Anfhsu.Cole,Oarten. ksls*mtn4B'lar s«rTlceB<c3 Cleik to tke Comnisstoners, be taken •from the-takCe.The Cleik rer,d the ddcumetrt, and Alderman SzAfU ^'Sioved that it Ise laid on the table. The motion wasloet aMtlte resolution was carried. (Yeas 11, ANNTJAL REPORT OF THE STREET COM. Of this$500 toMr. MiKd,Laiubsxk,• C. H. Moller; Al-the Boaro, presented to Mr. ChasusG. CoaHiLi, aa legal trial atBuSalo during thecoming Sprhig>theirJohn Boston. Lingo, Charlesten, W. B. fInTiatW :music cabinet, of rosewood and bronze, sunaountedby a clock, with a figure In bronze of Columbus Indergole''t on Saturday, by the steamer Wathmjeton, for Eng- land, where he hopes lo wto the championship from .SA-riBS, the noted had the steamerCoDNTT Court.—Thehaving been given for toe opening of this Court toBmen, Donglas, Geargetown,len. Petenbnrgh, Tan Bront A Slaghtchains It. Mr. Cosmxij. received the present ap-PeteTBbnrgh. J»«. Hnnteruponpropriately, and -then the members separated.calf A Duncan Abbott.;M1S8I0NER.appropriation,pended $24,331 F2, leaving a balance of $5,008 18gentlemanwhomtheywerepursuing. Alargenum-—— THE FIRE DXPAETMI>Tber of Mr. HxBSAH'B friends him accompaniedCUt8, 4C., iC.StRIIT DrPASTHX!«T,Peksentatios-ries are not considered to be of n dangerous nature. d work, and you will elevate still the a to slightlyafter thegoldP^rpnj 1 since Itieir organization in 1849. Continue In during Uie last quarter, and for $135,344 t'ly for the The names of those who were only hurt,higher >-e:>r, leaving balance on hand of $08,.145 25. For and who were taken their homes, areyf^f the Board, and find youis reward In an details see Report of Superintendent-appendix .McGciicx, JnoN McCt-xx, BAa^rxr McCAVrsxr, besidesto Den ine go&MichaelElihv Piasv and JiiCPu Gsxiir, two of the engineers. The cause of the explosion has not yet been di- vulged. Some ol the sufferers attribute the calamity to carelessness on llie part of tlie engineers, whileothers whoIt is saidDepartmcnLexpendituresfor paywithin a certain the sale of the as- time, ordersand Eleventh-avenue. fifih-street TheFaaaeacers in etrnmthip Canada, atAnlv*4*Halifax, fnm hmrpmit—portrallof ExGov. King, and $500 for a portrait resulted In delay Into the affairs of his Bureau, whichadults 41. children 85GENCE. AT. Dee. M."of Franklinthe so far as known at that mattor,were laid...abefcre the Lords to Council," to be placed In the Gov-ernor's Room. A report of the Committee on Finance, herewith transmuted. See Appendix It. Since thatButler'spicturemat-siow asked for, unouBtliig to $2,500,000, added tothat already raited, will make a sum more than threetines the xulelnal estimate of the cost of improving in favor of] donating $500 to the Home of the DeafOe Pailflkat is to say, it will amount altogether to Kutes, was adapted. There was a concurrence to«4,i«M0^*>otaidtaigtSa4,»l», the estimated expense pay Alexander Ming $250 for services as clerk to the Ixit recently completed, will be found In statsments, beaming smile upon the institution.There were also six deaths-the result of accidents, two from totemperance, two from old age, and oneWmmI« rt.«Mu. R*ieh'eu7Bo^,su!miii.5^SS:theproposedaddilionlotheParkfrom oldCommissionersofPolice.OneHuotovdandSixlh-streettoOneIloadredand CommitteesweresenttotheMayorandtotheTeDttt-adtre^t. The zaessage was laid orer. Board of .^Mermen, Informing them that the Board itlth transmitted. The whole of the facts in this Saturday, by Its own limitation of ten years. The- SteamerDelaware,Sbar.Philadel—ph— ia..Bark Bvperioa. Ward. Triaidad. son.NorthandSontoAtlantieOeeaaa. Morton, Uarseilles, Lawrence. Oiles It Koblnson,Oalveston, DnahsB a Dlmoa.•fimprovingFriday night last Officer Dillai. of the Thinl Pre- cinct, entered a liquor store at the comer of President and Colombia streets, when he was attacked by threelowa. J<g»,luVr Lee. Oo.rsum!andthe various Departments, County Police Statlou-hnnses. and other public offices of theThedutiesofthisofficeareoaerous,vexatiousand Isscarcethree-slxteentlisufaninchInthickness,andMuch Has been done, how- tlie a and unsafesystematize. plates present fiaky appearance,ofbuslnea,ai>> « favorable auspices. With the close of plies is charged with the furnishing' of supplies to tion of steam boilers, after having examined pieces of by the victlmrzed Jerseyman, was committed, by Jus-mider theme official relations existing between usthe iron. unhesltalinEly pronounce the boiler to havetice yi .nsf.NiiLsu. lor trial.A.SOTnZB DISHONEST CLEEK.On .^'aturday afternoon, .\nsel Holmes, a young itianas clerk in the estab- employed delivery dry-goodslisiiinenl of Holmes & Hunting, No. 773 Broadway, was apprehended by Officer Scott, of the Jeffersonwas held for trial.CAPTURE OF A urEOLAR.—e somebeen made of bad material, in some the metal plai-esof our„JLirf^„» then^umber,reUringfrompubliclife,difficult toTM.?El,iTM ^, die on the other, it wUi be a source ever, towards regulating this important branch of the portions of them peeling off in scales.T^Sm^I^ V^^,^ kl5d e^Sfrallon a ^^Af.wfifdnH^ I. ?Ssh'2ltoyour^?mC?erk l)A,n T Va?s-ToWm'lluThTm^o."• P'osperi^ and happ&essfTM' »» alius oif to our venerable TM»-- 2«l-. »«> 0" assist^"- never forget officially fromapprehended. Whentakenbefore1 .^TM» ii^ViHthand wasJustice fjru KrsBisH. he admitted the truth of the al- legalion against him, and added that he hail often beenBuim-ofsimilardeluKjuencies. Frominforma- tion that he Rave, o^er $100 worth of property was recovered from parlies lo whom it had been sold. The'"To*6ur'^%^rable I,i,nd^^paid since. Thiswholesubjecthasbeenprisoner^^^ be a reUef an.l ^^^^ ^^nd,have my sincere thanks for your "^ assistance In the discharge of «* "»» ""• Ple="« a^^P' TMy best$19,55750body and Inspected the vessel and portions of the boiler iron, the inuuest was postponed until 2 o'clock on Tuesday, at wlih-h time it is hoped that the testimony of boiler-makers"°t*^°'ft- 'fhaU '^^^^When the accident the occurred,their kindnrss'^d I cathem wiUioui rrprereUi « ""^ '^' *"*«^ f" ^^^' torv manner.confusion re- sulting from it and the loss of the second pump, caused the ship to refill to her main deck. At low .tide siie rests upon ihe bottom. Vesteruay,a large crewwas employed In clearing an ay the wreck, prepar*regard ernment, he is in iJmself a c. 'aiplete law Ubrary, andravisr, Esqespecially«^e"""S^i?^"men are*^<^'*'*' D*^" T. Vai,at the years repeatedlyIn Ihis Bureau vouchers to the amount ofin all have been drawn on during the la.si quarter for various appropriations, many of them not appertain- ing exclusively to this Department, and $142,»-13 63 during the year.BrREATT OF LAMPS AKD OAS.The Superintendent of Lamps and Gas has man- aged the business of this Bureau in a very sstisfac-MOAM. After viewed the havinghavtog stolen from his employers a piece of linen, valued at $30. in conse- quence of attempting to dispose of the linen at a sum much below its value, at a dr>'-coods store oa SLxih- avmiie, he w:is suspected of having obtatoed it dis-The different gas compaaies are nowrate^ agreed upon by contracts which expired severalherewith transmitted and markedH. I fully concur in all the recommendaUoos11th ultimo, andtoward cfl. The tolef was not suspecte<l until Saturdayof Lands and Places has kept the Pnblic Parks in good condidon at a moderato ex- pense, has done much toward the completion offinallyportionoftlieproperty, whichtheTMBdf-^r^thd-aeTMtor^„m,tehne liiv liureau creditably. There Is no regular clerk al- ibeze has been a constantly'•««^««"JW "P^^',"!,o!fqoartor,does remaining unpRepairsSup-professhas been;On Satorday evening. George Remones had an en- >cw-York-andotbers in sieeia<c Total, 76.^BIB DIFAKTMItaT. TneadayThis Bureau Is under the Street Commlssiener so Wednesday 17,585 »9 Saturday.29,005 34Hoyt Wm. Dunn, Wm. Mullto, Wm. RowtlSy, JohnI Eaillle Ackermana, do.Kr. Bcnrr BaniBfaitea, da. : :actuallyThe Botird of CooDcHsien of 18S9 »e^d their last nished for rot.d covering and the amount charged on Saturday evening at the -Fourth Ward Temper-meetingenSaturday.The' Board concuirtfi to appropriaHSg $1,000 for afor in hlsvoucbeis; whereupon I Immediately de-anceCoffeeandReadingRnoms. Ameetingwasor'the troller for payment of his certified vouchers, and di-causedmetoexerciseunusualcareinfession both engineer and lawyer, and has hadhis—Myrtle-avenue, was entered by burglars andIn the administration of the buainess of thiscountry, and seek refuge In other lands. The large congregation which was In attendance contributed liberally to the cause presented to them.Weekly Report op the Remsi^.ing on Dec. 23, -231 ;bodyman, supposed to have been frozen to deato. wasfound, on Friday morning, in toe street, at the comer of Atlantic-street and Fifth avenues.CITY POBT-OFFXCB.Depart- following principles have been constantly Insisted upon ami ri- gidly adhered to. viz.: That an official written record should be kept of every transaction so plain as to re- that such records .should at all convenient times be opened to public inspection, and that the books, accounts, conespondence and paoers of every-klnd, pertaining to this Department, sltould be known and held as public property, belonging toment, since myfirst connection with it, thequireno explanation;;dlschargetl,cured or 33 relieved,died, 7am al-ready under to you. The kindne5s manifested in the noted, but not yet corrected. Nothing less than with the requirements of the law. They received ap- $150; and $500 worth of clothing that was in process day, at 8 A. M. Letters should be marked Ovarian*jost added another to the man^ obligations 1while under the laboringwas ncarlv burntof manufacture, owned by Locis B. Baown, HAnDxa •td St. Joseph.'the Boardtheir removal can insure its workiiig with perfect plications tor 400 licensesMr. Coset's lossisaboutlegalyearheldfifty meetingsinaccordancethrough.satisfaction. Whilst it is admitted that no of systempapers .^nd accounts will prevent fraud, the system adopted will preserve in difiercnt offices such a com- plete record of all business that there will be no diffi- culty in fully undarslsnrtlag all .the il$tails of every traiaa<!tlaa. TheImmwisolabarnipiMdtothe tbs laraatijations Dccesaaiywvaane)wasdamaged to the amount of $1,500, They are In- sured in the JeJhrson Insuranea Company.TauE Boua nrrFocATiD.Last e^lBc about ISK o'elockalre bfeke out in;nearly granted 356,being nnpttd uponlast year $l,fS9,000. All claims remaining unsettled;Peter da. : Cart Plait io,s eiae> Ltbershdner,.clined to draw further requl^Uons uponof rected an actual examination to be made without man. About twenty speeches were made—Comp-andtime, by direction, measures have been taken, had attended the institution over which he presides.Gelpcke^years old, mann, Hsmbarg,my by When the New- Year was with coffee which 1 hoped to have arrived at all the facts in the aimounced,from causes imknown. 18 were over 50and 68 were under 5 years old. 97 were natives of the Richmond. LudlM. k HeneUec FlSridlTcSiw^ ITesse. The result of these investigations, which were ruts freshly filled all drank toihe Infant year and its alsnrdbyMr.J.B.Coiziss,ActingSuperintendent Be-oeganizationoftuAmibicanExpkmsUnited Stotes. vannah. 8. L. VitdiiU k. BonA Policeman Bzatbk in a Bar-Boom.—Late andria, 4c, H. B. OromweUiCo.of Roads the Illness of the during..;Superintendent, Co.—TheoriginalcharterofthisCompanyexpiredon which are appended to the report of that officer, here-;Oi^^tellonofAlderman Baxsr, the resolutionde- was al>ont to adjourn >tns die, and, on the re- case,£0farasknown,arenowlaidbefore your hon- eniirepropertyofthe Company,includingthemarble lowdles named SilasLoti,NatbanislLottandAx- BrigsJosephos.WUson.St.Kitta.Sailib.Jooes*OaacUrt^lte d<p6t.of ilie HofUwD Rtrer Railroad, be- turn of the Committees with reports that there crrable bodies, for such action as you tiiiuk proper. buUd'mg on Hudson-street, and all the appurtenances CRivr Lews, who beat himFor full the transactions of severely.*'-The 'Ir-in-irr. Iftinrti-rin Tsli i riiilsi IMd > ra.^jtweea West Canaland Hoboken streets, a nuisance, was. no more business requiring concurrence, particulars concerning and good-will of the business, was sold at auction. named were befuix Justice this Bureau for the year 1859, see RetKirt of the Super- AA»n» brought«Bd IlrrctlQg Chat at the expiration ofIke Company's resolutions wer^ adopted, thanking the I^esldent intendent of Roads, marked -\ppendlx 1..for the sum of $600,000, on behalf ofJohn Butlerfield, W. S. Fargo, Johnston Livingston, he them.-^ f«<"< Merartebd, C^SSSiWard, HolT, WUsslBctoB, Dolaar U EM- Noi^olk. BedeU, ApataobicolTs. P. Post: sSaoSbttae, the Euildlcg be used as a Ceiintry Market, iifhick'4b* Beatd-of CooncUmen refused to concur in, ^iraa ialen up, cad-Uie Board adhered to its former «etion.of the Board, (Mr. Coasiu.,) and the Clerk, (Mr.Charles T^ McClenachan,) for the efficient and cour-The difficulty with the previous Superintendent of Roads, and his conduct of the business of his bureau,Aleian<'er Holland and other associates, may brought agatostprincipally BurglarsArrested. Afew<'>>**• • gos, O. A K. J. Peters.A Tatlor, and Josxpnyear were $10,680. They have instiluted 3,000 The buildings, owned by A. T. Stiwart. werefew of Ihem. It is tba iBtantlon of1 ^to cOBtiaue the solta. On Satoidar thata were oolv.sraatao. CITY IWTELLIGENCE.on^tttes aKpUcatlonafiifUeeiuKa,same ' ''* ffi* ^ f''j[^^tff^*'WnrfShipboard.BOILERONBOARDTHESCNKENBTEAMEKGRANADA No.68Lidtrhl-street,athree-storyframestructure,others.the hurricane-deckdistant from the point on the main-deck whence it was projected. It passed between the shrouds and the wheel' bouse, partially destroying the latter.Lcxi Fla-'tnigaii, a 'longshoreman, was struck with a fragmentof the Iron and precipitated into the water. He sustained a fracture of the skull, and must hdveuponabove,abouttwenty feepital, where tbelrWe give the names of the parties and theCONDITIO*OfTHE VESSEL.lonecessary. The remaining pump (a Worthington,)To-day, probably, the work of disckargiog the vessel leaving wUl begin. Much sympathy Is expressed for Mr. RosssTS on account of these misfonunes. It Is ru-into a store in the Siith-arenue. After a long chase. In which Officer Mcl^berson was joljiodpayeoment «<' the extra twelve per cent, interest, which wii'be enseteii upan allafenUdtntitiledDocum:aGxoaex T. Hall, Esq., chosen Chair- tiie ten minute rale being enforced—malnlyjupon subjects appertaining to temperance, and some thirty newgsnlzedclassified as foUowsMen women 19,13before Ids Honor the Mayor, and a statement in wri- names were added to the temperance pledge. In the scarlet fever, and 14 by inflammation of toe lungs.ting made to the District-Attorney, a copy of which iscourse of the evening Mr. GARnxsR made a happytime,by consumption,byinfantileconvulsions, 13 byand thesuccesswhich encouraging speech, touchingSteamshlpi Bretnen. (Brem Keat«.D«1eral duiies. A fitting response was made by the .successor. The present Superintendent is by pro- partnership Is for thirty years, and the business will boot and shoe establishment of Chas. H. UitRr, No. Hosmer. Port Aleare. MiUer it Hmghloa: J. liSSSSLHe was. well-known to me to moreover,personallywell known as the " Benleiathe during year.left the when twpuogilist. Hardflryom Buffalo came pier policemen;bringing withata ceatof the builder GsnnxHis—1 have the honor to submit the follow- Street Department w-as available, with the sinfrle ex- to Lafayette Company No. 19, as a New-Year's in toe streets to be arrested, and for toe first offencehad Incurred 'Ae expense—the Company should pay it. The work iHiTnof been duly advertised by ^he Street Commis-apprecia- tion for the many kind favors shown to tliem on the Second Triennial Parade of the New-York Fire De-they Attempted Burolary.—A daring attempt wassioner aei^irding to law.The Bocrd concurred with the Councilmen in con-AxsdBg-tke award-to^ohn F. Gray of the contract formorning last,tTUOtiag a country road on Eleventh-avenuefreight,viz.—theCity of WatKingUm, (Br.) Capl.ar-ftoa One Unodred and Seventh to One Hundred andForty-fauith-street, at $15,264.Tnedutiesof Street CommissionerduringthisPKTara, for Qoeenstown and with 33 cabin Liverpool,ard 75 and steerage passengers,Sudden Death.—A man namedTheSteam Boilers and the report from the same body inprovided for by lax.count. The City Treasury will be reimbursed forperioder, and they were performed by him in a perfectly$17,246 In specie the Bremen, Capt. Wsssslb, for Bremen And Sooth-vcportin toniswork, near Greenwoodposes no other appropriation than contingencies$380,'and The InscriptionI Bsite altersttlons to Its engine.house which was the' - To tke Honorable the Common Covncil :of thekad~srrerbeen pfJd. Hence the o&ring of this reso- ing summary of the general state of the business of partment to draw against his contlnjient fund for sup-Ci^,latioB.Aldermas Lms said theCompany10 the House of Correciion.of the Councilmen's Committee on;favor of erecting an Observatory on the -wen referred to appropriate Committees.satisfactoryofficers of this Department for their very efficient and W'illing aid, without which itwould have been utterly Impossible for me to have succeeded In this rao5t coin-many Irregularities have almost occurred necessarilyIn the various branches of this complex and extendednothine within knowledae has been business, my donewhich did not admit of ready correction, and nreven-tion of a repetidoo, except In the mailer of the bureau andforstatem^tsofamountschargedtotheCol- ofRoads,towblchallusionhasalreadytioenmade.lector of amounts paid by that officer to Assessmepts,the City Chamberlain, and amounts returned to theClerk of Arrears, see Bookkeeper's Report, Appen- dix marked B.The reifuisillons for the quarter ending tlus day amount in 'the aggregate to $(jlo,6Ul 24.It has heretofore been stated that the whole system of accounts, vouchers, payments -and business trans- actions of this Departjnent is based upon that of the Bureau of Construction under the Treasury Depart-passengers,A motion to take from the table tlie Mayor's nomi-morning,tokingaseat on a stone, died Immedi-of Van Scha'.ck for President of the Sji>8on Myndert— The.IewifhRefugees. Rev.Dr.Alder,Rabbjx^rotonBoardwaslost. ^CoODtttees were now appointed to watt on themifjacand the Board of Couucllmen, to inform them tbai the Boarti-4>f-AklerTnen was about to adjournTke reaolutton directing the Street Commissioner to ivmove the posts and chaijts that obstruct the car- liMii iiij across- the Park was taken from the table inreiiected.AUannan Baasr oilered a resolution thanking Pre-irlrtgnt IfcSpiDoN for the " able, digui&ed, courteousthe tax-levy, as it passed the l.egi£lalure, and amount of requisitions upon the Comptroller, drawn by theof the In Temple Emanuel,Twelfth-street, on Satur-this Department for the year 1859. This, togetherwith previous reports, and the accom- ray quarterlypanying reports of Superintendents of Bureaus, to which you are respectfully referred, will give you a full and complete knowledge of the transactions of the Department for the past twelve months.plies furnished to his office. In addition to the abovethis appropriation has been used to cover a deficiency of over $7,000 In the Fire Department and Roads andAveaues appropriations. The aggregate of unex-balances of for thispeiided appropriations Depart-ment amounts to $475,324 98. if not the Nearly quitewhole of Ihis amount will be required in payment of existing contracts when completed, and bills not yet rendered.During about four months of the year 1 was absent,No. of as a tribute of Company 4, Hartford,f aught committing the same offence, will be sentand OT were on tnist ac- $299,095devolved the Street Commission- upon DeputyAlexander Hudson-avenue, wentthe bcuefiieo. property89the BontMio, for Havre and Hamburg, with 76the latter by assessment uponFor stntcnient ^huwing the amount of such appro-priations for the year 1859. for the Street Department,asked for by the sticet Commissioner, and pssFed bythe Board of Councilmen of 1858, amount Included in plioated and difficult task. Notwithstanding thatamplon,wlth$311,500 In specieand ac- and for full details as to the amount applied to each object and purpow,delivered a lecture to behalf of theCommisstoner on each count, see Appendix marked AJewish refu- governmentalmaimer. sincere thanks are due to the MyandBoon, stone-cutter, residtog"Americtm ExpressDepartchk of the " Benicia B0Y."-r-Mr.English. Elllard, Mayagoei,:—48maining at date, 239New-York Hospital.portionofthe A.males,;1!<742.sf Marth-^Albany, Bnffalo and Caaadasweek $11,012 90 was paidand only terminated fight was whenReymones was arrested, and held by Justice Qcacx- nBcea to answer for the assault.'mBROOKI.YN INTELLIGEWCi:.—CiTT Mortality. During the week endingSaturday last, 126 deaths were reported to the HealtoPrecinctbe well qualified. In all respei^, for the position he desiring to be trammeled by any engagements to un- Ascaxw Yatis and John Crjuohtok, on suspicion of D. T. ThoapeoB BinStr :Fires.IN EAST TENTH-STREKT.MP. M. £« A.M. WastenMall na Brie Banroad..6il< A. If. sad tM P. K,Kafspreadgreat rapidity,dtsiroyed. Threehorse^weresaidtohavebeensuf- focated. Thcfiames communicated to the buildingv>uiiianw-dtdi and chain, valued at $100, and at once became luiprefse,' with the idea that his property had been stolen by the w-oman. He made hissusplclousknown to Officer Parsons, of the Eighth Precinct, and upon a search of the premises No. 43 Thompson-street, where Catherine resided, the watoh and chain were found. The woman was taken Into custody, and upon a charge of grand larceny made against herhonestly,when one Dexter .\dains w-as detected Offi- byadmitted lo Dec.30, re-;females,Derartnret'"'f'y itfnjtJ^soGalvln missed hisand haa been soDepartment,22, boys 45, girls 40:the term($30,000,) there has been ex- down, iusl too late to prevent the departure of the On the first Monday Judge GAERiso.-t will attend to Sloop W. H. Bowen, Brothertcn, FnrrldeBee, iCONTINGENCIES STREET DEPARTMENT.January,civil business, and on the first Tuesday toe criminal busiress will be commenced. The side Justices in this Court for this year are Nicbolas I. STOLWELLand Sauczl S. Stetixr, bo to of Gravesend.Vagrant CniLDEis.—At the of the request—gine Coinpany No. 4, ofHartford, has arrived in town,A deputation from Damper En- a table made of the remnants of theitfamous "Charter Oak," which is to beMayor, Deputy Supertotendent o* Police Folk has presented Issued an order directing all children found beggingsufficiently explainsCompany, of New-York City, by Damper Engine ceive a notice that If the delinquents are againgiff.oojectpartment, Oct. 17, 1859."made, on SaturdayFor Europe.—Four steamers left this on portSatorday for various ports In Europe, carrying in theaggregate, 284 passengers, and $384,746 in on specieto force an entrance tolo toe dry- goods, store at No. 121 Ewen-street Jnstas toe had loOfficer CbouirOgAlaKr, of thenoStixrtheaPdryecmct,endtiesrcoIvheeredsthoriem.will Long Island Bank.of January, at toe *;colored person I.males 64, There were 15 deathsNorth sad West Wax Mai>.Caa( for Boston, by Steamboat t r.U. The Overland Mall tti California leaves St. Loait everyMondayandThnnday,at8A,M. Lettersds building occupied by Yost, carpen- signed for it thsaid fee aarked " Orerlaad, eid 8tplace in the three-story brick buildings Nos. 148 and 150 East Tenth-street, near Broadway. The lowerMr. F..»» lookout Wm.Flnsenn.Wm. York; fStS J: Kr. »> mllmhm« o..-y. rH-rTt.i.—-i.a.i.mn.-,Jst.;,Miss Mr. -the tax levy of ted to answer by Justices Ostmu and QoACiRaBBsa. YorkHofichneider, FblladeMte Momm Kenr. Ihw-Catberme Jeg^ do. : •...$130,731 'H'ni. :longrearages and asaessmcnte, which sum up to nearly make it necessary lo call In toe aid of a surgeon ChvbonrDe and lady. Dr. Geo.' Hajward. lC'.;A.I<e—brutal,badly tojured by antagonist as to Bacon,parties WeUlngton. Jackson. MoDtevwS:FaxxaAx, of Schenectady, was the purchaser Saturday, when toey waived an examination, and Barbados, J. 8. Whitney A Co. ; Balmahl (Br..^ CMv^Henry Wells, gave ball to appear to answer any todictment whichSt. JkoTT- ? ' Scbrs. T. A.be paid on toe3dnecessary legalMlTlon. Chase, Jayne, Port JelTeraon, MerrSl dtwill not be opened until February,Domesde Bladla.;notice notBnrpin MlnnleLaw, ArMbaxF, MS--Knnardt& Co. JiSiiSi^ 4k7!!?SBndjre, -White. Claodet.Fljyd. BowfteM. ^MbSSTBtephenf. Nareil. Boydea. Milton,honie, Munroe. StrleUand, Smeion, 8<aith. Haarha^ Booker, Crane. Lilton, Dnckman. Httetaoock, WBBa^E <-Dsler, Sngden.PanD, Bnller, aalllers, JahssaaTnoB-Hi" -"»*-»• Ai&n,^.£^°ISS^^^~*TM"MARINE INTELU——CoainraLL, on !ca. Pool. Bio Grande, I. B. Gager; FraakttB.Dn&..BATURP Cleared.:Moitl"S~l«t'o' ftSi A*l*!lxt-l «*»««'.;;.;TTanAiBBt ::_ www.fultonhistory.com 