 j*Ii i5roof, instead of putting in the wooden beams as or- No; never knew of my sister having fit*; hoard her complain of dist Cbnrch in parUouhur. that it be wmeraUj known that the 4 » about the disbursement of the funds raised by the •rea at the la«t meeting. They asked the passage of pain in the aide when sbe wonld sit and tow; after her mar- Mr. Harden, whose trial is now exciting to much attonttonTSISfti fi;S'IItisnowprettywellunderstoodthattheG.H.O. P . F . has made up his mind to behead George Headquarters, Meesre. Bowen and Bergen present, mer before h*r marriage; 1 was plaguing him about going there, Batden at the same time, dated March 10, 1859;> 'the "Little Giant" should be nominated at Charles- ton. The Postmaster-General, Jud^e Holt, has, I learn, acquiesced in his being retained, as there is no sufficient evidence that he has behaved worse t h a t a great many others, and besides, all these fellows can be prosecuted under the Sub-Treasury law by the next Administration. Holt at first told theG.H.O.P.F.: "IfIkeis'ntout,I'llresign;"but when he found out that the G. II. 0. P. F. would not put I k e out he changed his tune, and said he would stay " expressly to watch Ike." Holt had at one time tender influences over the G. H. O. P. F., but when Curry of Cincinnati pub- lished his letter, stating what Holt told him about the G. H. O. P . F . being a sort of humbug and old fogy, easily managed, the G. H. O. P . F . got hisdander up.Surveyor Hart of your*city will not be disturbed. All the stories about the purposes of his visit to England are untrue. I know the true errand. It is to hunt up evidence about certain wool recentlybrought into New-York and Boston by certain dis- tinguished merchants. You can find out the par- ticulars at the Custom-House.I learn the Covode Committee purpose callingtrpon Senators Slidell and Thomson of New-Jersey,was removed from the office of First Deputy Clerk by the late Hoard, on a charge preferred by Commisaioner Bailey for -violating the 37th iiiile, relating to members of the Department participating in polititd, was reap- pointed to bis former position.D. K. iSainmercorn, D. Wood, aai Thomas Cormley were appointed patrolmen, and John O. Stevens was appointed doorman in Brooklyn.pitbent; we were trying to enjoy ourselves; when she came (near bitn he would push her away rudely: she appeared to, take it as play; ho sat in a chair, and laid a.a head in a young lf.dy 's lap; 1 oid not do the same; 1 never saw him trean her disre- spectful at any other place or time; when ho left onr house itrained very hard. *John Allen Bworn—Live at Asbary Statfon, Hunter-•don County -, sm station agent; knew Htrden at one time; recol- lect his arriving there one morning about daybreak; had not got up y e t ; had beaver-cloth overcout, straw-colored neckcloth glazed cap; I gave him a ticket for New-York by the boat; hoSouthern Road, shows a larger gain.The Qgnr<*« '""G"-.. $*} 800 .. 41,200$",400i»f•I:>• i5 McKenney agt. Wilkine.—Motion for permanent in- 50 Pacific M. S. S. Co 104| 501M b30 138 111. Ont. RR. Scrip.... 60 do .60lI•venerabla member of his cabinet, and certain other prominent politicians, which could cause them to renounce the G. H. 0. P . F., has a great deal ofand confidence in connection with that high office. Resting upon the principles of the Constitution, as they have been judicially settled, the Free States, by moderation, vigilance, and firmness, may prevent the Extension of Slavery to the Free territory lately an-plies.Mr. DAVENPORT, Chairman of the Committee, saidWEDNESDAY, April 25—p. jf. The transactions at tho Stock Board to-day were to fair extent, and, with considerable irregalarity in the general market, some of the deecriptions moet actively dealt in appeared to have touched points of resistance below which the market could not be deprewed. DarJing the first call the quotations were well Bustained,with a good demand, but on the second call the bear*im a i would have been base enough to have made it. Th«re was no duel fought on that occasion. So also it is said the papers and diary of Judge Hemphill,seven women who have availed themselves ofthis shown letter, dated March 10,1859, from Harden to him, says, i time; he appeared to he in trouble; don't know that he criedcharity during the past year, a large proportion obtained recognize it; I received it by a meskenger at my house; did not 8ny; he knelt down by her bed and appeared to be crying; saw answer the call contained in it. no teaie.X" ' •Iof the Keystone State, could, it is said, if exam- ined as witnesses,., relate some interesting remin- iscences of that era. F . P . Blair and Amos Ken-~4a*l, and the person who has the papers of the late ifaa. John H. Eaton, and the representative of the Jbu&ented Henry Clay, could, it is asserted, produce some recherchi documents never before published,John M, Hunter agt. Allen M. Hunter et aL—Com- attack. Parties interested for the rise did not appear'-should not be surprised if he runs on his own hook. Some say the Charleston caucus will break up in aand perfectly safe, and notwithstanding the increased usual. Prisoner looks palo and careworn.Dr. W. H. T. CMivmby, sworn, ou.part of the State10 Merchants' Bank 107 5 Bank of Commerce ....100 26St NicholasBonk 94 55 Leh & Hnd. Canal Co.. 9850 50 25!& •do him justice every poesiblepTovocation has been given him by the 6. EL O. r. F. The presses of theG.H.O.P.F., andespecially ThePennsyUCOLTJTCBTJS, Ohio, July 28,1848,GENTLEMEN: I have delayed an answer to your communication of the 11th inst. that I might have time formaturereflection. Thiswasduetoyou,tomyself,anything but a fire-proof building.The resolution was adopted.The question of re-hiring a portion of the DemiltDispenearycameup.'Mr GREEN thought that it was not well that a schoolshould be held in the same building in which sick peo- ple were in the habit of assembling. The atmosphere ot sickness was not fit for young children to breathe.Mr. STOUT hoped that the Board would leave some things to be determined upon by the local Boards.contains no"evidehce that the preparation was put up by me;the paper in which the powder is put up is bought in New-York,JFUOJfWASHINGTON,Mr.Schell objectedbation bad expired.LAWCerreapcixieni.officers have not arked for the change, because it takesthoseaccountstoacent,and>^dthemallcertified »-»xinch*Bfromthebightoftherooma,andbecauseirou enceofthecorpse;haveoftenheardher.sneakofthepaininAPRIL 25.vouchers. This was prudent.isonnd" among the sore-beaded Democrats of ibis Baker, the Collector of Philadelphia, is m a very , «*y, to magnificent in other respects than its dis- bad scrape. He wont be prosecuted under this' fcencet, The expression " sore -headed," yoa must Administration, and if he was and should be con-ino-w, is applied to the members of that very re- victed, the G. JX O. P . F . would issue his pardon.But whoever is elected, the law will be enforced spectable portion of the Democracy who supported after the 4th of next March. More is knownbeen put into the building, which will be almost thrown away if the small expenditure required to perfect th<» building in the fire-proof form be not appropriated. A letter from Cooper. Hewitt & Co. was appended, offer- ing to furnish the beams necessary for doubling the number, for $4,000—$2,000 less than' their previous asking price.Mr. STOUT moved that the resolution be adopted.Mr. TUCKER said there had been a.saving of $2,000, and pe would not now oppose the resolution. He stilt thought that the wooden beams were best, but if the Board adhered to them, the Local Board of that Ward would not soon complete the building .xest; she "was Tery Bick about three weeks before she was mac- Vied.; she did not faint oway; no one gave her medicine on that occasion. v ' •~—•,.- '.-«••-- . _Tne Hon. R. W. Peckham, Justice of the SupremeCourt, Albany District, took hlx seat at the Supreme C >urt Cham-14.C00 do. ••*#•••20000 do s30 83160 do seorr50 do. b»y» 150 do............ ..... 17 .75 i do h% 17 B0 Rrie R. R. A.s'd 8t*ek. ly, theG.H. O.P.F.in1856,butwho,in consequence #fnot having been respected by the G. H. O. P . F . jsxooe his inaugifrafcion, hare lost all respect for Asm. The G. H. O. P. F., considering the time is seaily approaching when, as he said in his Norti Carolina speech, he " must prepare for that event **which, sooner or later, must overtake us all," has been used with exceeding harshness by many of his quondam friends. As power is gliding from his hands, many of them do not hesitate to indulge in open, loud, and severe denunciations of the G. H. O. P. F„ and some do not pauBe at the divtilgence and exposure of what by the time-honored rule ofhere of this pet of the G. H. O. P . F . than has been made public. The " Black Trunk " of bogus naturalization papers in 1856 will be unlocked.Isaiah Randall and I. C. Vandyke of Philadelphiasent very saucy answers to the G. H. O. P. F., in-vitations to come and see him a few days ago.Douglas^wont be nominated at Charleston. I plated by the resolution, would be perfectly fire-proof10,000 Erie RR. 4th M. B » . 67 100 Reading R. R. COURT OF COMMON PLEAS—SPBOIAL THRB.—AI'BII, 25— 3 W0 Harlem EB. 1st M... 9*, 200 do..AsthenameofJOHN MCLEANofOhioislikelytobe If for nothing else the prevention of such pernicious canvassed at the Chicago Convention with reference towith$10costs. „ , „ _..,, . ,,The Fire Department agt. Jackson & Wulete.—-Mo- tionforleavetodiscontinuewithoutcostsdenied.-e>MARINE COURT—TBIAI. TBBH-AJPBIZ. 25.—Before JusticeMCCARTHY,SUIT AGAINST THE TRUSTEE OF THE WINTER GARDEN. James D. Torrey agt. Thomas C. Fields.This was a suit to recover from the defendant, asand is already cut for the purpose. t •_Jacob Orte, sworn.-—Live in Morns County; know posters, and streamers, furnished to the theater in September and250 do.............*1579 245500 do........ 78T100 do..•«*/•..••-•boO7n- 200vaniun, The. Constitution and The Nero-York Herald to the subject, and perhaps to the country. I have en- have been for months continually barking and deavored to consider the matter in all its aspects and snarling at hrm-and heaping up abuse and vitupera- consequences.Harden;WOBatquarterlymeeting atMt.Lebanon,inSept tember, 1858; knew Mias Dorland; she was there; I first BOW her at Mr. Fisher's before I went to church; saw her in the church; Harden went up and laid hia hand on her; put his head down and talked with her; he introduced her to Mr. Tuttle,, the elder. , -.,. . • , .• Aaron G. Vansyckel, sworn.—I live in this county;I recollect the night I was oalled to Mr. Ramsay's:October,1859,whichsumherefusedtopay. .•The defendsnt denied that he was propiletor of the Winter Garden, and averred that he was only the trustee of the lease and other property of the theater, secured for the payment of certain trusts and liabilities, which did not include the claim of T^e Judge held that the defendant could not be held personallyliable for the debt, and he therefore gave judgment for him. •2,000 California State 7s... 90 50• - so 100 2 060 CoL Large Bds., 7s.dodoReadinr Railroad.16 s804lb30 41- 41 rtion upon him. Though it is known this has been atthe bidding of the G- EL O. P. F., the Colonel hasrefused to use weapons of retaliation which are inhis possession that would exhibit his assailants in the use of my name in the present canvass, and the re-30 Bank of America.. ....uw 50 110 Continental Bank. ....102. 50 5PacMail8t.Co.... ....1054 100nothingto do witti itand it was disbursed by others.. CtoL Forney and Mr. Plitt, the Treasurer of the Committee, setOednominated. Good old man.50I O N Y . Central R. R 1600 do.575 79 1509The great and exciting question of Slavery Exten- sion, in the judicial form it has assumed by the act of the Senate, as it bears upon my position on the bench;do ...b80 47i10 do • ....105 50 do,i 47 TStal $333,453,022VIEWS OF JUDGE McLEAN.Before Judge HILTON. 500 Robertson agt.Coghill.—Motion forjudgment denied, 200<!#•• *••••*••••• D80 TTr W)dO. ••••*•**•••• DW iiTL 50jection of it by the Ohio delegates to the National Con-SUIT AGAINST A RAILROAD COMPANY FOR RUNNING OVER A CHILD.Michael Gibbons, jr., agt. The New-Xork and Harlem Railroad• 200 do..... The plaintiff is a hoy four years of age. He sues the 100 dodefendants for injuries sustained by him in being run over in the latter part of 1859. It appears that the boy was playing in Centre street in charge of his elder brother, and while running on the track one of the defendants cars came along and run over nim, iniurinc one of His legs so that it had to be amputated. The de- fendants set up that the boy was negligent and carelese, which was the cause of his injury. The case is still.on. „Selah Squires and J. C. Van Loon for plaintiff; C. W . Sondford or defendant. . _ , , „ nCHAMBERS—APRIL 25.—Before Justice FBCKHAX. DECISIONS.attitudes that would excite the derision and con- vention ; the relation which Mr. Van Buren maintains tempt of the public I doubt not that the rumor ofto interesting notices of the editors of two of the o before the Buffalo Convention as a candidate for that they had never beard of the law before; it turnedpapers named (the editor of the other is the G. H. § out that a new member of the Local Board of the Fif- le Presidency. I feel deeply and gratefully the honorO. P . F.'s nephew by marriage,) and of a certain you have done me by the expression of your kindness teenth Ward, was the originator of the law. t The actlas having the handwriting of the G. H. O. P . F . to the public—have all been deliberately considered, Some discussion aroee; prominent members stated and I am brought to the conclusion that I ought not toCompany. .. _b3C78* 100 do JHO23 slO 78i 740 Chicago & Rk. IaL R.R. 6» •foundation in truth.Certain soTe-headed Democrats here say that nexed. Without the sanction of law, Slavery can no that the list of books had been fixed upon expressly tosave the Committee the trouble of investigating every ination, a Committee must be raised by the Repub- out air. Slaves are not property where they are not made new book that might be offered to them.after the Charleston Convention has made a nom- more exist in a Territory than a man can breathe with'licans to elicit this and other old-time epistolary sa by the municipal law. The Legislature of a Terri- The Finance Committee reported that the balanceElizabeth Pratt agt. Elijah B. Pratt.—Report con- Mrs. Maria Pidcock^ sworn—Live in this County; firmed, and divorce granted.performances of the G. H . O. P . F . , commencing tory can exercise no power which is not conferred on unappropriated for the year is $76,584 87.it by act of Congress.With the highest reap«ct,I am, gratefully, your ohedient Servant,WiUiamaon, H C. Xingaley, Thomas Brown, Irad Kelley, John belamater,andT. G. Turner, eaqs.P TIBLIO MEETINGS._ • -— .The contracts for the opening of school building No. 19jjn the Seventeenth Ward, were approved.about the time that he joined the Washington Be-nevolent Society, and denounced Mr. Madison'sAdministration and the Democratic party so fiercely.James M. Porter, and other venerable Democrats To Jamei A- Brifrgt, .Beohen Hitchcock, S. I. Nohle, Samuel $4 000.cause vacated, and motion to discharge n* exeat denied, with motion as he may he advised.SPECIAL TERM—APRIL 25 —Before Justice SoTaanLAyi). DECISION.NEW-YOBK ASYLUM FOE LYING-IN WOMEN. The thirty-seventh annual meeting of the managers of this charity took place yesterday noon, at the Asy- tracking the G. H. 0. P . F . volunteer proposition lum, No. 85 Marion street. The exercises were com-did not accomplish anything when Bhe got out; she had no pas- TRIAL OF THE ME v: JACOB HARDEN. sage from her person until she died; a little passed fro ox her after she died, ol a light color; she suffered very much, and was all the lime on the movn; no medicine taken by her while I was there; a short time before her death she lost her eyesight; hot water was applied to her feet; 1 thought she was very poorly BEL VIDERE, Monday, April 23, I860. when I first went there, and was alarmed; I heard her before Court opened at 2 o'clock. Court-room tilled to over- seeing her; after we got into'the room, Mrs. Harden said she hod had inflammation of the bowels about a year ago, and she thought flowing with men, and gallery with ladies. she was getting it again. She told this to us; Harden asked herDr. Robert McLenehen, sworn—Live in Hunterdon once b.'w she felt, and she saidno better.County: know Harden and D. C. Ramney; am a physician. Being Cress-examined—Harden was not in the room the most of thefiled on or before April 27. in order that they may take their outtide orders are held back for the reactionary point t» Thompson Brothers: proper place on the calendar.-•**sstd Old Hickory to buy up Mr. Clay's influence iA menced with a prayer by the Kev. SAMUEL D. • 1825, which Old Hickory scorned, and Harry of the BURCHARDJ D. D., a'fter which the reading of /the"West would have spurned if he had suspected any yearly reports ensued. .1 ' 'By the Secretary's report it appeared that of eigaty-be touched. The short line has been largely increased within a few days, although in numbers a-majority ot tbe memberB of the Board still look for an upward! movement of prices in the immediate future. Central opened with free purchases at 79^, but dragged ia c ooing transactions and touched 78|. Erie was among the weakest Stocks, as it was yesterday among th» strongest, and shows a decline during the day of 2 VN. Y. Currency Baar-JCm&uad. £U»w-Jers«y....... 3'tdW«Iphi»HaJtwnaor^.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . y Interior P«un*jlvtLnia.. y. Jstarior Maryland V Ofato, K.J., and Indiana., i S. C*ro)Li» and Georgia r..t»-**-,-yiv*.-*'*VT.yv/tiK&l 0jm**+ ••NEW-YORK. DAILY TREBTJNE, THURSDAY, .AMUI. 26, i860.1rt*/.J '^« .VjlTM.'-**.*'•.** ^t»S«»>*^.*f jfl&MAT1EBS.after they were married, at the house of James Ueatty, he wanted n,etosleepwithhiewile;IdidBO,audhesleptalone. [C/TOos-examined—Be asked me to do so in her presence; did net say »o in a playful way; seemed anxlonti to have me sleep wjth her; I con lememher eveiy word I said when inrthe pres-W ASHINGTON, April 22,1860.For some days past, I have been "bobbing to bythe Committee, and, I learn,burned aU the •work to the amount of $10,000 or $12'000 has already say If she were dead and lying by her brother she would be at•rialMnminister. He waa "dropped," wbioh is the Motho diatphraseologyfarbeingsetaside,beforethetermofMsprorCOMMERCIALjww parties who have «toek of this CompanyMORE BYE AND BY.thought that a vast weight of iron beams and girderswould be completely thrown away if this wexe notfinished as it had been begun. He would not, how- Herr there;being shown Mr.Herr,Jsays,I do not recollect him asTO 50 Galena k. Chicago R R . . 63}JOHN McbZalff.vertise for proposals to repair No. 4G} to cost about Several pianos were ordered.'buy having been filled, the market became hetvy, eft*pecially for Central, which waa the principal object oftortThefolio*"boneramongthieves,"oughttohavekept secret.examples as the disclosure of these secrets display the Presidency, the following letter from his p e n - for his extra expenditure. His amendment was ac- it TCBembleB those I put up every day; the paper in which thedo ..'29powoeriscontainedresemolesthepaperin whichIputup^suoh «ctght to have induced an honest man and good written nearly twelve years ago, but expressing his cepted. powders; the mass of the powder is Bugar and milk, and this100 Q0#*•«•«'«•••»• • *30 78 TOO700 6Chicagok.Rock I.RR.64issember of society to have preserved silence. deliberate and unchanged convictions on the great Colonel Forney has been violently assailed. To issue of the day—will be read with marked interest:Mr. TUCKER desired to correct the statement that the powder contains the same ingredients; medicine^i* put mon the building would be a fire-proof building; it would be sugar and milk ; the fact that the powder oontalns sugar and milk,3} 95 Indianap's it Cine RR. 40 80 Clere-, Pains, k As RR.11*pp?p»bederogatorytothejudgmentoftheBoardof Educa-tion, and of the Local Board, because BOlarge a build-ing would be unsafe.if not ore-proof,;bociuse the Ward•efpgrition.or fostr were members «Heesrs. W. F. Have Keep,ofNew-York< Umahon White, of Sy "Witt, of Cleveland; JwI*. Sykes, .of Chicago: Jtfaei., and R. S. Barroi TMi road earned in Match 1,1860, the net« tire amount of interess c -of the first mortgages < tbe Sinking Fund an<*6&250, thus showing th«wholemortgageint Staling Fond of $32,9rof • $33^08 over the mortgage debt. Thi« T one of the poorest in th satiifactory proof that j debtthefondie goodeThe 4sflor* presently to tb# Cocapauy upon a be b* jKteeeeefui, if equitaliferent interests are tbeI gagedebtmustretaini> tyyor there will be a^interestand theetockhoi to-fondoverdue coupon •Second Mortgage wbich a delanlt of 90 days, hoiga»ization.Tbe following table so in'thefourleadingciti«->L.OHJ.- Pblli. April 23. ^T7,54*,^l B**m. ApL 34. «l,03C,fc ')V. Xork. IpL21 ti.Qrl ;Ayt. H.Mr. STOUT paid the building, if finished as contem-BKL VIDERE, N. J., Tuesday, April 24, 1860. Court opened at 9 o'clock. Court-room filled aa&30 47 blfl 47 «1047 «a047 Mich. So. k, N. Ind. RR 12cost of rendering it fire-proof, it would be one of the —-Reside in Morriatown: am a physician; recollect Conference row. The G. H. O. P . F . thinks yet he may be cheapest houses in the city, in proportion of the num- beinjt held at Morristown in 1858; no recollection of ever havingDECISIONS.)%ber of Bcholars it would accommodate.Mr. DELAMA TER supported the resolution. Heseen Harden, before; no recollection of having given himCross-examined.—Several Methodist preachers were in my ofrce during Conference; could not reoolloct any of them; gave medicine to two or thiee; don't recollect seeing the Rev. Mr.junction and for the appointment of a Receiver denied, and tem- porary injunction dissolved. '••Onerada &gt. Xtques.—Motion to discharge defend- ant from arrest denied, j . . i_150 do ••»#*••»•««•••••105 50ever, vote to build another in this way; he did not thinkitnecessarytothesafetyofaschoolbuilding.having been In my office; don't recollect the Rev. Mr. Dickinson beingthere;saw bothatShipman'sofficelost night; have been snbpenaedby bothStateandprisoner; lose several systems:1C0QOm............ *i>079600Cleve.k.Toledo RR... 2»JMr. GREEN moved to stipulate that $1,500 of the Allopathic, flomoepathic, Eclectic; being shown box contain- $5,500neededfortheextrabeamsbepaidtothemason ingmedicinesays,1tookoneofthepowderscontained therein;do.: .»£when I arrived I heard a person groaning up Btaira; I The buildiog was hired, Mr. Green only voting in staid most of the time In the aitting-room; when the door was the negative. shut heard a noise up stairs; Harden came in the room with The act relating to school libraries, passed on the Ramsay and myself; itomsay had just got home from Canada,and was talking about horses; Harden joined in the talk; Mrs. Harden seemed in great distress, and I asked Ramsay what the trouble was; Harden was not present; I went up stairs to see her on account of her distress; got tocher room door; saw her sitting on the edge of the bed; did not go any further; turned around and went back; s ;w ladies in the room; Harden went to my house for bread; Ramsay asked him where he was-going, and Harden said he was going-to- my house for bread; I asked him how she was, and he said she was better; I said I would go with him: on going with him he said hip wife lay with her face to the wall when he came with the milk, and Miss Colby sat near the bookcase; he asked her on his return how Mrs. H7 had rested, and Mrs. H. answered herself, and said ahe had rested very bad; 1 was on the Coroner's jury.Cross-examined—I was at the house about two hours that night; theie appeared to be something on Harden's mhid when hewasintheroomwithus. , .. . 'SUPREMECOURT—CIRCUIT—APRIL 25. —Before EMOTT.Justico250 do.... b60105 50 Mich. S. k N. Ind. R.R. lz:10O Harlem Railroad Pref• as 60 Mlcb. So. k N. 1.0. S.. 24150 N. Y . Central Railroad. 78J 50 do 2t,:109 do-" "m lOO.GalenaitCblc R-R..b» <# ,1C# do »v slO 78^ 100 Cleve. JtToL R.R...»6Q n600 d o . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 78{ $0 do«••••••••••%««•«* 2dI*stw«ek 241/752 •»:>•< Pecrooso $2,289,•i/'jThe Philadelphia Utruth of the report that Railroad contemplate ab in this city and Boston.The election of Direc and Burlington RaiLro; gamrport on the 12th ini •were elected: D. M. \}v W. Colbnrn, Toledo; J Palmer, Buffalo; Sama New-York.At a meeting of tin Boston Railroad Com Jenes J. Day of Stoma ideet of said Company, iesq., resigned, who is to on Saturday.The following are the 1Specie quotations for ththe rates current at Lb11th inst, was read.was referred to the Committee on Libraries. Communications from Beveral publishers, offering new books, 'were referred to the Committee on Sup-50 do.feared his words would come true; [this testimony is a repetitiontear to set about gathering materials for a supplc- healthier locality should be carried into_ ettect, large from me: asked me to take him that night to cars; it was a dark, of others on the same subject;] HardentAid they had given her 59, 19, 27, 33, 34, 7, 8, 9, 6, 48, 2, 14, 20, 25, 16.portant change. At the Second Board the busi* ness was not large, but quotations were gcneK ally more Bteady. Central declined to 78j, which wpi to said book, to contain as many of the letters contributions would he needed from its friends.rainy night; be went away at his own instance; I presume he ginger tea and other simple things for a cold.M A R R I S 1 ) . EBERHARD^-HANNA—On Monday, April 23,at St. Peter'sChurch, Twentieth street, by the Kev. A. B. Beach, D. D., Joseph A. Ebermvrd ofOttawa, ill., to Sarah Louise Honna of this city.GILMAN—BALL—At Lee, Mass., on Thursday, April 12, by the Rev. Dr. Gale, Arthur Oilman of New-York, to Miss Amy C.Bali of J>e.HILL—TOMK.IN8— On Thursday, April 19, by the Rev. J. J. Smith, at Boulderberg. the residence of the bride's father, James H. Hill, esq., of New-York City, to Phebe A. Tomkins,.damhter of CaWin Tomkins of Tomkins Cove, N. Y. HARRIS—JANES—By Bishop Janes. D. D., on Wednesday, April 25, in St. Paul's M. E. Church, the Rev. Charlas Kdward Harris, of the New-York Conference, to Charlotte Thibou,eldest daughter of Bishop Janes.LAKEMAN—STORM—At Brooklyn, on Saturday, April 7 bythe Rev. N. E. Smith of the Reformed Dutch Church, Oliverwas nil ready before he said anything to me; he took a valise and bundle with him.Cross-Examined—On the road''he asked me to go to depot; I did not ask him to go to my house; he left my nouse«.bout4 o'clock a: m. for Anbury depot; cars left at 6 o'clock; roads werewas there two weeks; knew Harden, who lived there; saw Mrs. Soswell, and hence the latter has recently received Total, $12,171 49. The current expenditures were his fri«nds had been in to see him, and recommended him to take H arden there; staid from Monday until Thursday; Harden took. *i documents referred to as can be obtained. It » {"Opposed, however, here that the G. H. O. P. F. does not intend to write the book himself, but theFiom the Treasurer's Report the foEowing items we>e taken:Receipts during fiscal year—Balance from old ac- (CTossexamined—I am a brother of Mrs. Dorland; I made a memorandum of this conversation; 1 and my wife have talked about it(atJiarine McKinney, sworn—I live at Libanor,about live miles from Ramsav'a: I was there in January, 1859;bid at the close.471, buyer 60, was 47\, bid regular. Rock Island Galena were also firm. The Michigan Southern iaau1 were in demand after tbe result of the election was known, and advanced £ ty cent, the Guaranteed sellingfemous and accomplished Hy. Wykoff is to be his count, $545; Setn Groevenor's legacy, 10,000; Dona- heavy ; had not seen him before that day; saw him Qnly'a few tions, $486; Interest, $794 89; Subscriptions, $345; minutea before he asked to ride withrme; he said the clergy andtittvery handsome office of inspector or watchman $2,681 70; $9,070 were invested in U. S. 5 Scants that course; took Harden in wagon opposite David's house afterhorhome; 1 observed his deportment toward her; I did not think It was what >t should be; he did hot make as much of her as most men do of their wives; I knew the fact of his being newly married; after he left there was something in his conduct whtcn attracted my attention; 1 thought he was happier in other women's society then he was in bis wife's.Cross-examined—I am not married; Mrs. Harden was a quiet, still lady, rather depressed; I was engaged there as a nurse for Mrs. Ramsay.Samuel Dorland (Mrs. Harden's father), sworn—m.; 1 met Harden in the sitting-room; he asked my wife if wo at the First Baptist Church, by the Rev. W S. Mikefs, Wm.would see the corpse right away; we stepped to the head of the B. McKorzle to Miss Sarah Brown, all of this city. the business was to fair extent, and generally at fullcoffin ; my wife lamented the loss of her daughter; he comforted SEWELL—V AN VORST—At Jersey City, on Tuesday, April prices. The last quotations were: Virginia On, 93*her by saying she had gene to heaven; my wife wanted to knowwhat ailed ber; be said he did not know, but that she died verysuddenly; he said the cause of her death was unknown to him;he said be bad sent for a dector, but before he got there she wasdead; be said he stw her eye looked milky, and then he thoughtshe was dying; he said he had sentfor her wedding-dress, as Tiewould like to have her buried in it; we approached the corpseagain, and my wife said, " She is all spotted, and some bloated,and*Bhe must have suffered a great deal;" 1 then noticed thatHarden was excited and uneasy; his eye was glaring, and he ap- BAILEY—In this city, on Tuesday, April 24, Catharine Bailey, 47£®47j}; Michigan Southern and Northern ladiana, Eeared to bo watching us: he said we ought to get ready and wife of Andrew Bailey, aged 45 years.ury her as eorm as possible, on account ofher dying so sudden-ly—by 9 o'clock next morning; my wife eaid we could not get her 77th year. . ' - . . .. JB the Custom-House. at a salary of $800 or $1,000 per annum.The recent letter of the Boswell of the G. H. O. P . F . about Col. Forney has occasioned some severe animadversions. 31peculiar importance is attached to this letter, as it is known to have been publishedand Brooklyn City Bonds, leaving a balance on hand of $1,019 79.The following Board of officers, physicians, &c, was elected for the enariirjgy«ar:Officer* for ttu year Iffi).—bin. J. W . Schmidt, First Direc- tress, No. k63 Clinton-place: T. Mason, Second do . L*2d-«t.; Bacfae McEvers, Third do., Staten Island; Dr. Bliss, Fourth do., 54 "West 17th-«t.; Thomas A. Emmt*t, Fifth do., 24 Unrvenity-dark; it was a dark night; I did not di«6tiade him from going; heard Jo Anderson say to Harden that he ought not to go; a number were there wnen he started, and I supposed it wag generally known he was going; he said he was going to Canada; I bought the cap; did not go to bed at'my hous«; got his break-fast before leaving; 1 told him h e hud belter go away 'until the excitement died away than be locked up; I told him this an hour before he started; t judged he went away not from fear of per-sonal vioknee, but trom fear of being apprehended.Abraham Bilby, sworn—I reside in this county;know Harden; am litue acquainted with his handwriting beujg shown letter written to Dr. McLenehen, Bays this is Harden's bandw, iting; have seen him write; bad conversation with Har- den, in presence of othera, on the jubject of a marriage contract; I was called to settle tne questioo hetweon Harden and others; Harden was asked if he had ever signed a marriage contrast to Miss Dorland; he saidj " In the presence of these witnesses and in the Bight of God. I never signed such a contract;" I siw a pa- per purporting to be a marriage contract between Harden and Miss Borland, near her house; she produced it; it was in his writiDg and signed by him; it was dated March 17,1858; it states, " This is to certify that 1, J^ S. Harden, do agree to marry Han- nah G. Dorland within one year from this date;" I told her that he had denied the contract; told this after »he had shown the contract; she showed me the contract without my asking her to do so; she began the conversation herself; this conversation with MissDorl>»nd was in September, 1858; she appeared to be veryat 24 J, and the old at 12J.have been elected are pledged to a reorganization jH this concern upon a basis which will secure the righij of all, while the Company will be lifted from the finan- cial embarrassments which have weighed it down dur-on the prompting of the G. H. O. P. F., as an place; Dr. Cook, Sixth do., 68 East 15th-«t.; James B.Johnson, " arwnt courier to the book. The violation of the Treasurer, 56 lOth-at.; Mrs. Geo. J. Cornell, Secretary.Know Harden; was husband of my daughter: live in HunterdonManagert—Mrs. Henry Coit; Mrs. O. J. Camman, 14 West seal of private confidence by the publication of a I4th-8t., James Brooks, 239 5th-av.% J. R. Nevius, 7 West 19th- confidential epistle of Col. F.'s has received pretty rt., Ogden Hcfi'mon, 19 WestMd-st., Samuel Jaudon, Hell Gate; , general condemnation. It is said that Col. Forney Patters©o, 63 Cltuton-place; Frederick Jones, 90 East 27th-st-; G. W . Sumner, 22 West 29th-st.; Robert S. Bullus, 10 Beach-st.; ' denies that the letter has been truly published, h Colden, 28 Laight-st.; Thos. W. Clerke, 99 East 34th-sL; B. learn some of the "sore-heads" think that the Co- Watkins Leigh, 23 West 21st.'; John H. Mortimer, 16 University- place; Henry Meyer, 41 West 17th-st.; Geo. Wortherspoon,52 Tode Committee should inquire on tie subject, and We»t 14tb-»t.;E. B. Little, 20 Washington-place; R. S. Bu-24, by the Rev. P. D. Van Cleef. Robert Sewell of New-York, to Sarah, daughter of the late Cornelius Van Vorst of Jersey City.93J; Missouri 6e, 83i®83J; Canton Company, 21 ®21j;also what Henry Wyckoff received for going to chanan. [Two vacancies to be filled.]Attending PhyticianM.—John T.'Metcalf, M. D., E. L. Beadle,Hudson River, 41®41i; Harlem, 13^13'; Harlem Albrecht. daughter of Alexander F. and Elizabeth A. Albrccht, Pref, 373^38; Reading, 421 »42g; Michigan Central,*England to put a bundle of papers on the China M. D., Geo. T. Elliot, jr.,. M. D.aged 6 years, 10 months and 14 days.mail ought to be found out. By the by, I saw a Consulting Phytinam—Isaac Wood, M. D-, Thomas Cock, , letter to-day from an old Massachusetts friend of M. D., J. C. Chee*man,M. D., J. H. Borcowe, M. D., Thomas F.Cock, M. D.Daniel "Webster, containing this remark: "How Resident Physician,—R. B. Wilson, M. D.DODGE—On Monday, evening, April 23, Mrs. Susan Dodge, in reaoy; he then mentioned 1 o'clock the same day; he said we, The relatives and friends, also those of her aon-in-law, Henry F.12J[ •a>122; Michigan Southern and Northern fndiana Guaranteed, 24£®24£; Panama, 136*\'G>137; lliinoia"could he (the G. H. O. P / F . ) have the face to Dutrict Physicians.—Dra. Oilman, 5 East.'liJth-gt., Barker, 70 much affected.did net come as soon as he thought we would, and ho had sent to Mr. "Walters for a coffin; be said she wanted to beAubery.are invited to attend her faneral from her late resi- Central, 593^60; Galena and Chicago, 63J«6*3Jj dence. No. 32 Stanton street, on Thursday afternoon at 2 Cleveland and Toledo, 2Sj"®28$; Chicago *fci Rock o'clock. Her remains will be taken to Greenwood for inter-nment.Union-place, *Un-av.; Aylett, Union-place Hotel; Gibson, 29 West "write his protest to the House of Representatives ll:h-»t.; Kent, 99 <3pring-»t.; Danoghe, 102 4th-av.; Swift, N. E. *• against the doings of the Covode Committee, after cor. 44th-*t., axd 6th-av.; Klrwon, iS6 East 21»t.; Harmon, 3(58 "his infamous assault upon Mr. Webster, through Broooe-st. ; Hessler, 216 Spring-nt.; Bell, 48 Sd-st. wBudd, 143 Fa»t 13th-»t.; Thomas, 282 4th-uv.; Hoffman, cor. 4th-av. and "Ingersoll of Philadelphia and a man named 3Cth-sr.; Lovejqy. l.'il Franklin-st.; Smith, 645 7th av.; Thorns,"Stubbs in the State Department, in 1846, and the 184 Cherry kt., Dana, 81 Fran!diu-st., Mudie, 89Columbla-st.Cro«4-«xatnin«;d—Can't tell the month or day of the first con-versation v the terms of the contract were not mentioned tQatday; 8eguine'n wife asked him if he had not signed a contract buried at the grove; he said she had said she wanted herIsland, 631-063!; Illinois Central 7s, 88®88i-The market is quiet, but steady, for foreign ex- change. Some drawers are asking J.(i9^ for Scerling,but we bear of no transactions.Freights—To Liverpool: 250 boxes Cheese, "fsteamer, at. 40s.; 300 bbls. Rosin at 2s., 100 bbis. Tallowat 20s., 3,000 bush. Corn at 6£d. in bags, ^vessel;10,000 bush. Wheat, and 10,000 bush. Corn, in sh'ps"bags, ty steamer, at "id. To Glasgow: 50 tea. Beefat 5s., 50 bbls. Lard at 27s. Cd , 25 bbls. Pork at 3a.9d, 1,000 bags Coffee at 22s, 6d.,200 bbls. Shoe Pegs1at 2a. Od. , 50 cases Tobacco at 19B., 20 bales Tobacco at70s. W bale, and 000 cases Extract Logwori at 20a, To Rotterdam: 100 bo's. Spirit at 3£c.The bu?iness of the Sub-Treasury was: Receipts, $319,123 97—for Customs, $123,000; Payments, $246,- 16129; Balance, $7,589,812 02.The traflic of ibe 3d week of April, on tbe Michigan"inquiry about the disbursement of the secret ser-*.' vice iund by President Tj ler and Mr. Webster ?."s»wiltten by Hildehart; Scjjuine himself asked him if he had signed a contract written hy any one; made no memorandum of the conversation: the conversation with Miss Dorland occurred in the morning, about one month before her marriage; took no copy of contract, but kept it in my mind.John R. blaier, sworn—Live in Hunterdon County;father and mother, brother and sisters .to meet her in heaven: while my wife was standing by the corpse, he put his arm around her neck, when she walked away with him; he said, "Mother, you must try and bear it as well as joa can: it is not half as hard lor you as for me:" 1 wrote a few lines to Dr. Blackwell, askiug him to go and see what was the cause of Mrs. Harden's death; I, went buck to Ramsay's the next morning; I received a letter from Dr. Blackwell, stating ho coald not tell thecsuseofMrs.Harden'sdeath; received one fromDUNDAS—In Brooklyn, on Tuesday morning, April 24, Ovens Dundas, aged 33 years.EARLE—At Pleasantville, Westchester County, on Tuesday moraJng, April 24, Anne Esther, eldcBt daughter af Daniel D. and Esther M. Earle of New-York City.FORD—In Edinburgh, Scotland, on Suuday, April 8, Caroline O, wile of William M. Ford of Brooklyn, N. Y., and daughter of John W . Kelly, formerly of Philadelphia.Philadelphia papers please copy.HA WLEY—Suddenly, on Tuesday niRht, April 24, of hemor- rhage of the lungs, Miss Kate P . Hawley, in the 23d year of her age.The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully Invited to attend her funeral from her late residence, No. 51 West Twenty-second Btreet, on Thursday, 2Cth, at 2 p. m.The remains will be taken to Greenwood for interment. HARMON—On Wednesday afternoon, April 25. ator a long and painful illnesH, of disease of the heart, Mr. Philip Harmon, intbe 70th year of bis age.Notice of faneral to-morrow.Newark, N. J., papeis please copy.BYF.R—At Flushing, Long Island, Miss Margaret Hyer.The friends and relatives are invited to attend ber funeral onThursday, the 26th, at 11 o'clock a. m., from the house of Wm.HtnryRoe. -~HALES—In WiUiamsburpb, on Tuesday, April 24, Ellen Hales,of congestion 0/ the lungs, aged 66 years.JAUNCEY—In this city, on Monday, April 23, Agnes Jauncey,N. Sanders, Isaac Y . Fowler, and Augustus (.'apt. Gfusos reported that in obedience to the orderand he denied Jt; he wanted to m o w if 1 would go iif he got her content; 1 toid him he ttight ask her, and sow what who said about it; he visited ourbouBO with his wife; his conduct was quite rough toward her; he was joking her about petting a di- vorce from her; he cEid not appear to want hts wife to come about him; this was about three weeks after his marxiag«; ho It ft her there, and went to Ramsay's; he brought Caroline Smithwith Urn; we all went to church together on Sunday..Cross examined—The divorce was not what I considered disre-on my arrival at Ramsay's, I went to Harden's room; found hica dressed as if for the funeral; he said something about the funeral; I «ai ) 1 doubted whether it would take place to-day; " Why so?" s-aH he; I said, There is something wrong about your wife's death, and there in no nse of burying her until an examination Is made; said he, with some little confusion, " What trouble 1 must have; now you see what a dilemma 1 am in;" said he. " Sbe mlghvhave bought something, and taken it herself;" said he, " 1 will tell you what Dr. Blackwell told me; Dr. Blackwell told me that pregnancy was the cause of her death;" he was eeattd on a chair during the conversation, twlBtmg himself about, and pnt down his head and commenced crying; Doctors Cole, Blackwell and Glenn ware aont frr to make the examination; on Friday he oat In his room by his bed and was weeping and ory-. ing immoderately; his friends tried to pacify him; it was all right that the examination wus going to take place; he said he did not care about that, but it was on account ot public opinion; 1 atked him if there was anyth ng about the house tbut could be Uken; he Baid there ww arsenic in the house; he said 1 knew it to be so; I hud the vial in my own hinds; he came and ant downby me and said, " It appears it was inflammation of the bow- els that ailed her;" 1 told him it waa a mistake, it was inflam- mation of the stomach; BO Dr. Blackwell testified the even- ing before; he then turned round to go out, and beckoned me, and said ho wanted me to go to his room; as ho got in,Schell soon after the Charleston Convention isof die Commhsionere, he had completed the work ofover. I will give you the particulars in a few days. clearirjs' awavall the shad pcle.s which had been placedin the North 'Kiver and Bay of New-York, in contra- Causes will be manufactured outside of the real vention of law. The report was ordered on iile.reasons. Vandyke of Philadelphia has shown bow- The rtei^iation of Officer Van Brackley of the Ele7-that may be dcne cleverly.enih Precinct was accepted.and George N. Sanders and Augustus Schell ofreleese. [Counsel for defense moved to overrule this evidence upon the ground that it is a sheer attempt to, prove that he did• POLICE COMMISSIONERS.TinaBo*trdmttat1o'clockyesterdayafternoonat hsdaconvexnationwithhimaboutMiisDorlandduringtheSum-Ike Cook of Chicago will not be removed, even if On motion of Mr. BERGEJ?, D. B. Haebronck, who spectful; I thought nothing cf that; there were half a dozenMr. JKLLINOHAUS presented a memorial from the"Westeott, and CoL Forney, and George H. Martin, man Society, indorsed by the Board of Deputies of the physician; know Karnuel Dorland's family; know his daughterHew-York, and Charles McAllister and Gideon D. late President and Executive Committee of the Gor- not intend to marry her. Objection overruled.George Plitt, and Wm. B. Reed of Philadelphia, to various benevolent societies, praying the CommisBiou-disclose what they know about a certain S3,000 ers to exclude from Castle Garden all railroad com- irflsmmfttlon of the lungs and pleura; she was sick from the 9thThe ITarlem Road will show » gain of about $3,000 or $10,000 in April over the same month lost y«ir.The Persia took $770,000 in specie, wbich is h*« than•was anticipated. The Saturday shipment m^y reach$500,000. We ought to have the California heat to-morrow, with about $1,200,000. The New-York Q»-Light Company has declared a semi-annual difidendof $10 per share, payable May I. In money tuer*jj?no noticeable* change, excepting, perhaps, increaoo*activity. Rates are as low as last week. The hx*change drawers had money to lend to-day at 5 if c«nt»and in some cases accepted 4 & cent. Paper »•>•uU The offerings at Bank are light. At one institaUottnt noith of tbeVbio Klj 2paid m 1856 to the late Lewis C. Levin, the leaderpanies who employ booking-agents in forejgn ports, to the 18th of February, 18S8; she had no other disease; was healthy in appearance; did not see her after her marriage exceptof the Know-Nothing party in Pennsylvania, just and also that the Commissioners would assume the in passing; her appearance seemed healthy. Jing to emigrants, and pay them should it be lost. Mr. bin wife; saw them together at his father's house; Harden said and prevent its joining the Republican ranks, and Jellinghaus stated that he had letters from President he had a notion to take his wife down South, trade her off for aAo(!, and kill the dog; thl« was said in the presenco of myself, hla father, wife and others; his father told him he had better be still; part of the time he was attentive to her, and part of the time he won not; he came there with two ponies and a light wagon.Margaret Dorland, sworn—I am a sister ot Mrs.that J, Jacob S. Harden, do agree to marry Hannah L. Dorland within one year;" it waa 'dated March 17^1858; I gave him a puper stating a general settlement between us; when he left, he said he would see Iter again in a few days; he did not come again in quite a spell; he asked to borrow money of me before hisCross-examined—He had the release prepared when he came; *y^!i«pe«antILh?n 1,e left *ftw the Paperswere Bl ned;voting for Fremont and Dayton. It is said thatBuchanan, Mr. Ca#», Mr. Marcy, and other distin- Beed, Forney, Westeott, and Plitt opposed this ex- guished gentlemen, upon the same subject, and com-penditure, and it was not till the G. H. 0. mending the action sfet forth in the memorial.P . F . telegraphed from Lancaster to make it, thatthe Democratic Committee consented to its dis- Caatle Garden, and the Board then adjourned. bursement. Senator Thomson, and other gentle-men in New-Jersey, it is reported heard the G. H.'O. P . F . speak of the payment of the loan, betray-ing bis knowledge of it, but concealing his partici- pation in it. Surely his Pittsburgh letter was writ-terday, Pretddent CURTIS in the Chair.The Ninth Ward asked for authority to rent a build-fc « Diu.. FxT„Bn: In them ^ J S S S ^ S t l & S LV cent, with an occasional transaction at 4j V c«yesterday, they were less than $30,000, when the ca- ptn« DoouxuenU att<u'b«The document was referred to the Committee onHarden; I went with brother John to Ramsay's the moralnfJRBOARD OF EDUCATION.The Board of Education held a special meeting yes-meet her in Heaven; he sahl the cause of her death was un-known to him; he invited me to go into his study; 1 did notplace my band on my side and say, M O, my poor sister;" I didnot know th« cause of her death; did not tell him so; he askedme if 1 bad those letters he had sent Mrs. Harden before he wasdon't know whether he Was slnoere. .COPY OF A IKTTBtt KKFIUUtKD TO BY TH18 WIT1TKHS»wife of tbe late Stephen Secord, in the 72d year of her age. THORNE—On Wednesday evening, April 25, Thomas W.Thome, in the 74th year of his age.The relatives and friends of tho family are respectfully invited'father's nam« is Pot«r; resided at home in'58: know Harden;The rnies and regulations for the better governmentof the Sanitary Committee were discussed at some asked me which way would take him the nearest to Hudson length, nnd it was agreed to give the Captains of tae River Railroad; after the light struck his face, ho got out of i t ;oldest daughter of the late Joseph Jauncey, M. D.,of West- 1«59..port, Conn. I«j0.. The relatives and friendB of the femUy are respectfully Invitedto attend the funeral on Thursday morning at 10 o'clock, at the Increase*.while waiting for the cars, he drew his hat over his eyes, and oc"-'eeveral Wards power to hire men to cleanse the places cationally took a look at me; 1noticed him particularly; the he said, "I object to her funeral to-day;" "Why so?"•said 1; said he, "Lorenzo. Fisher told you I ooisoned her;" he then said, 1 object to her funeral being preached to-day; 1 asked on what ground; he said, until the Jury has agreed aad rnado out a certificate; Mr. Hurst can't state the cause of her death; J. atkod him if he was going to the funeral; he said, not under these circumstbnees; he said he could not go, he was too weak; on my return home I saw Harden; on passing Ramsay's, he came running out and beckoned me to stop; he wanted to know if he could not go home with us, and stay until this matter was settled, BBRan;say did not wunt him to stay there any longer; 1 was at the inquest on Monday; bad conversation with Harden at Lorenzo Fisher's prior to March, 1858; 1 was re- quested to see Harden; this was before I wrote to him; I told him my daughter wan troubled, and it was on his account; said he, I know it; 1 done everything 1 could to prevent it; ho said. Louisa is a very line young lady, and if this comes out it will plare a stigma on hec-charaterf; I thought he meant the difficulty between them; he,said he wus poor, and did not want to get mainied now; it wM trammel us for Hie and our future prosper- ity ; I told him he hod better come down and talk tho matter over; he came to cur house shoitly after that, before 1 wrote the letter; recollect Harden coming to our house on Maroh 17,18S8; he said he had a release drawn up. and wanted It signed; he stated if be bad not something to show to tho Conference, theyn lglit dk'churge him; he said Conference usnd them pretty ha»d sometimes; we oid not consent for some time, and he was in trouble about it; he said if obo would sign it he would gtaaher a promise to marry her some time; she seemed willing; Harden said to me, 1 don't believe you mean to do it; 1 see It stick out°u yr'\V * t o J d n*'r t o BiKn ic> BD<* *u o did so; be then drew up before the election, to keep that party in the field. responsibility of taking charge of al baggage belong- Itacc Angle, sworn—I know Harden; have seen w»«t foliowing writing, viz: ' K n o w all men by those presents,Church of the Holy Apostles, Ninth avenue, corner Twenty- eighth street, without further invitation. Her remains will oe taken to Westport.Ccnn., for interment, via New-Haven Rail- road train at 12^ o'clock.LE86ELS—In Flatbiisb, Long Island, on Wednesday, April 25, Frank, sen of William and Caroline A. Less«ls, aged 3 years and 28 davs.Notice of the funeral will appear in to-morrow'B papers. McGARLY— P., this city, on Monday, April 28, of puerperalfever. B*rs Delia McGarly, aged 39 years.O'DONNELL—In this city, on Tuesday n orulng, April 24, Mary,Frederick R. Pieicb, aped 22 years, 2 months and 21 days.The relatives and friends of the family and the members andThe Galena and Chicago Railroad earned tie third week of April:reported by . the Sanitarians, upon the neglect of the owners of the property to obey such orders aB Bhould be 8eived upon them.man who now sits before me is the same man 1 saw there that night.Cross-exawined—-I saw him before at Clinton frequently; ean't tell the day I saw him at Asbury; it wus tu February or March, The Sanitary Company made a further report of a >ear ago ; checked his baggage to New-York ; saw him get on the csrs; no other passenKer got on the cars thut morning; I no- ticed him particularly, because I supposed he was running away. Joteph T. Girard,. sworn—Live in Elunterdou Co.; know Harden; had conversation with him in March '58, a few dsys before Conference; he stated to me it had been reported that he had been courting Miss Dorland and theie were some re- ports they were going to get married, and' there were reports also that they were going to compel him to do so; he snowed mo a release, giving him a full clearance from marriage from Miss This Board met yesterday afternoon at Castle Gar- Dorland, with her father and mother as witnesses; he theu den, aU tli9 members present except Mayor Wood. stated that he did not Intend to stand such reports; boh+dgone The weekly statement shows that the number of emi- and told them such reports must Btop or he would put the law in ' grants arrived to the 25th ioKt. .was 12,541. To the force; ho then stated that ho had not paid his addresses to any joung lady since he had been in the place; Harden aud his wifelaw2i.-w$<S«their doings for the last 24 hour3, pointing out a num- ber of places where nuisances existed.IncreaseThe Board held a protracted session.COMMISSIONERS OF EMIGRATION.same date in 1859. 9,728.- Number of inmates in the institution at Ward's Island, 754. Balance in the Bank, $18,7:8.The earnings of the Cleveland and Toledo R«lrowl the third week of April, were:An adjournment was had until 1 o'clock this after- noon.youngest daughter of Domlnick and Margaret O'Donnoll, agedv .\J till<•••••*•••>•••*•••••«••«••••••••*•••her side; while Harden waa .sending those letters, I hoard h«rrecollect the night I was called to Ramsay's; went witn Mrs. tVensyckel; went about 11 o'clook; went to sitting-room, from here up stairs; found Mr. and Mrs. Harden and Caroline Smith: The Twelfth Ward Board received authority to ad- Mrs. Harden spoke as we entered, and asked if cold water would hurt her; she said Bhe had a great thjrst/and burning; the throat and tongue were burning, and all the way down; we told her she bad not better take too much; gave her water whenever she called for it; she vomited twice; we wore not informed as to the cause of her sickness; she requested us to put water orr her At8 p.m. the President declared the Board ad- ritsht breast; we put flannel steeped in vinegar on her breast, and in'ibtord drafts on her leet; did not hear Harden say what was the matter with her; was out of bed twice, and once op in bed;Before Justice BONNBY.Roea Glenton agt. Bertrand Clover.—Order to showjourned.' .• •plaint dismissed.UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT—APRIL 25.NOTICE.—Notes of issue for the May term must hedisposed to resist the course of the market with any en-ergy, and, as is always the case in a falling market,SIXTH DA Y—AFTERNOON SESSION. Correipondenoa of The N. Y. Tribune. •COURT OF APPEALS.An additional term of this Court is ordered to com-mense on the second Tuesday of June, for which causes mu»t be noticed, and notes of issue filed, and which will run Into the regular June term fixed by law. This has been the arrangement of late years, and has been found convenient, as it enables the term to close before the Summer heat.e>COURT CALENDAR—THIS DAY.UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT.—The Calendarwill not be called again this Term. •3 '•>< 1-4K l-y i,formerly a Member of Congress from Philadelphia, Elaces as wet nurses, bearing with them certificates of Daniel M. Wyckoff. sworn—Am a merchant, doing John W. Feeter sworn—I live at Hackettstown; SUPREME COURT—CIRCUIT.—Parti.—Nos. 7.37, 965, cent. Hudeon River was freely offered by the beariVf4 v J . C T B S t . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 3*. A c r e s . • » . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .120 Aores... , 160 Af«-*»-....._.... , Muurr*Wwld doubtless disclose some interesting andashing incidents relating to a somewhat tender Hope, who has performed her duties to the satisfactionof arsenic- Being Bhown bottle, says, This is like the bottle in lived there in March, 1859; recollect the death of Mrs Harden: the was my niece; received the information of her death ana which it was contained; has my mark upon it; sold it before Mrs. funeral from Mr. Davis at the some time; funeral was to be at 10Harden's death; sold bim at same time-two gallons otvinegar. o'clock on Thursday; went to Ramsay's; gotthere at 10 o'clock; CiosB-examihed—Am not certain this is the same bottle; sold a went in and saw Harden; he aoid she had been complaining for933, 575,957,591,1045,1035*, 1049,1053,1061, 1003,813, 8D9, but was steady. Reading, under orders from Phila- 991,551,1065,1067,1069,1073.'PartII.—Nos.906,910,912,914, 916.918,920,924,926,928,930,939,936,938,810,94G,948,950, delphia, opened at £ F cent advance on yesterday'* 952i954.household remain under the superintendence of Mrs. tcpc with the G. H. O. P. F. I see that the pa- of the Managers. The out-door department haa beenSUPREME COURT—SPECIAL TERM.—The Calendar quotations, but was lower in after transactions. Pa; Onrauadelphia>«** report that the G. H. O. P. F. has declare!faithfully attended to—325 patients having left theirdozen like it.John C. Winter, sworn—Know Harden; was at thesome time with a pain in her side; said she had a cold also; hesaid he had been away from home on Monday, and on his returnhe inquired where Mrs. H. was; she replied herself that " Here,lam;" she said she had been down to Vansyckel's: he said sheshouldnothavegoneoutintherain,asshewouldsufferforit; 484,4§6. wasmoderate,therebeingnopressureofStockOn BaltimoreOn Boston....4.....On Cincinoftti............ Bank o{ KugUad Motes \* £ Bsuk«fFrancefrFranc.•.The uncertainty occ>accounts for the wide mBuy MeorioM Dollars $gfMlkfa DollarsDive Franc Pieces.... Fvoaeh Crowns.. Otrxomia Crowns Krw—ten Thaienu... Guilders ...... 4BoTereitpx* (4 8*2:4¥\roaty Prune*..Ten TLalcr Pieces....... T en Guilder PiecesAccounts from the ?F ful than at any other u over the land, and ' L and enterprise of thai i: The conaition of bnsi and prospectively, <engscd in the Stock market especial prominence. ' aJ^lettfT written by one. of Chicago; one who ) "Wester^.matters for m.ate held in high estfir " The cities and to wondeifuily and abnri< for business, by railroi- •dance of ships, propyl!every facility which 1have grown very econ -country is every <ia productions, ana, tai aymcultural implemen The Spring open* nnu Spring Wheat is airground for a sure seeding. There is forth the We*t is to p in the next tea or twe numbers and solid * ever before, and I doi'Chicago will ship fort lions of bushels of gra mercial relations eniaFrom this, and OIQ< Ud to conclude th*t t through its h*rdest til look hopefully forwaiThe Boston Post, u and Business," says:"During last week, tl •Teased ease, so for a* •onottrned. Day aft<?r di eeems to faacx>e«*e. But. market, as leprexented 04 bankers, slv.t e*idenc<«t A« jet, rates hsvf not eeat aa ever, but for *«\*t increased,' mod within a | ftind* has cwrtainly been [ y»<l ample, is 1MMsibunds Bowerer, may result troty ork and Boston ; for moJ in Wall street for. strict) j Money is exceedingly Jnil lendecs, and dealers ot nil! ing means without diff cuif is evidence exhibited off•on,., time to eome. Oca tri«nt» and as advance of 1 thatwiththelast foreittx «ie ahipsaenta most be v«:jThe CtJu-ianaf* Oi tion to the crops:" Verbal and written through tb* country m^rcj f**to»y. Th* l*t« lav0ra& appearance of fields that! and.wherc the crop* wt>r« asvo« InMwneplace* *h** wi emphatically " .that if his enemies do not let addressee at the Asylum, and received attendance *>' alone, so'soon as he is out of office, he will write from the district physicians. The financial affairs ofwill not be called again this term. cific Mail was dull, but steady, at about previous SUPERIOR COURT—Part L—Adjourned for the term.ealth and good moral character. The affairs of the business at Port Colden; know Jacob Woodruff; aold bim a VialCoroner'sinqueat in a wagon; left about dark; Harden went the institution are in a flourishing condition, o<vihg with me to my house; he asked if be could ride with me; I told okaboutthem. Thisnewspapernoticehaschieflytothe$10,000bequestofthelateSethGrosvenor; himhecould;stoppedatWushin^towandgotacap;hesaiditPart II.—Ncsl 460, 478, 442, 443, 344, 428, 278, 460, 468, 480, 483, rates. In the Western shares tbe baeineasf thai about midnight she woke him up, being in pain{ and said she BROOKLYN City COURT.—Nos. 46, 36, 53, 54, 56, on the market, and rates were withont im-prompted a very industrious and enterprising liiera- but if the proposed plan of removing the Asylum to a would be a good thing to travel with, audit .would aisguhie him; I tent him to the railroad; he got an overcoat and seven dollar*John Dorland, sworn—I live in Moms County; am ber Bin this city this morning.3.W0 California,State 7s... 80-1000 N. C State 0* 9fr4.0C0 BrookljnCity W. L.lofcLOCO City 5« '1'870 ..»••«** 95*2,000 N. Y. Central 6« 93V 200 Hudson RITOT R. R .tflQ 41»brother cf Mrs. Harden; know Harden; being ehown aletter, saybit was sent to me; knew the handwriting to be Hwden'e; it 1Bdated Jan. 1,1857,": I did-ag he requested me to do, and took my sister to Lorenzo Fisher's; she was gone about a week; Hir'den brought her hack; I got to Ramsay's' about 9 o'clock on the morning of her death; 1 asked Mr. Harden What ailed her, and he said he did not »now ; 1 told him 1 would like to know, and he said he would like to know too., Cross-examined—1 wrote him my sister would goj she hadNo case will be taken up in the Court of Oyer and Terminer until next Monday.In consequence of the alteration! being mode in th» -Supervi- sor's room, where the Superior Court. Fart I is held, that Court has adjourned until tbe|ftrst Monday in May.150 Harfom R R 13JOQOknewledge.of this visit be!ore.SEVENTH DAY—MORNING SESSION.• .,,M0 43 2,C0OT H.*tAlton1stM.72 150BrooklynCity RR...;,iiiT"•'•' ' H. J. V.INTELLIGENCE.^THE COURTS—Ann. 25.."•——• -•'•• •'Sole* sat th* »t*«k Kxcssfutge 2,0fOUnitedStates5s'74..103 100ErieR.R.....,....#s60 1,(X!0 Tennessee Cs>90..... ttll 25 do.2 000 Missouri State 6s .... 83f 25 do mBefore Judge L>XhX. DIVORCK CASE. Henry Levi egt. KmUte Levi.Thiswasasuitfordivorce. The partieswere mar- ried in 1851, and the husband alleged that the wife committed •dnJtery with a. mon nsmed John Space, in 185TL The defendant made no answer, and the case was referred to^Referee, who re- ported in favor ofplain'.hT's application for divorce, which was granted this morning by the Judge.1,000 Mio Ceu. RR.8y©t. 10O 1st M. S. F . Con. Bs . 94 200 6,0<0 Illinois Cen. RR Bs. 88 200do.doSO................ 426J. Lakeman of Boston, to Miss Hattie E. Storm of New-York.County; received notice of Mrs. Harden's death at 9 o'clock a. McKENZlE—BROWN—On Wednesday morning. April 25, ing the past three or four years. In the Bond marketrespectfully invited to attend the funoral this Jay, from herlate residence, No. 24 Division street.RB'Al)—InBrooklyn, on Tuesday, April 24, after a short illness,Rowland AuRusta, wife of George W . Read, and daughter ofthe Rev. Wm. A Curtis, in the 31st year age.The relatives and friends of the family are invited to attend thofuneral this (Thursday) afternoon at 3 o'clock, from her late residttce, No. 20 Pierrepont street.RYDER—On Sunday, Apiti 22, Eliza, wife of Samuel H. Ryder. The friends and relatives of the fiuoUy, and of her brothers,.William 8. and Samuel J. Smith, are invited to attend the faneral on Thursday at 1 o'clock, from the residence, of her motber, No. 169 Allen street.ROOME In this city, on Wednesday, April 25, Mary Roome, in the 76th year of her age.The relatives and friends oi the family are respectfully invited to attend her funeral from the residence of her brother-iu-law, Christian Zabriskie,"No. 197 Prince street, on Friday morning at 9 o'clock.SUTTON—On Third Day, April 24, Hannah W ., wife of Henry Sutton, in the C8d year of her sge.Tbe friends of the family are respectfully Invited without Anther notice to attend her funeral, from the heuse of Johu J. Merritt, No. 76 Columbia street, Brooklyn, on Sixth Day, Apiil 27, at 3 o'clock p. m.Alexandria, Vs., papers please copy.would go and see Mrs. Harden; he said she had left a message to w * £f eri? W0B "omfetbujB wrong; he appeared to bo sad; SECORD—In this city, on Monduy, April 23, Margaret Roberts,Canadu, for the week ending April 20, is as follows:Pivnougt-r* $20,!#< Mdid iK>t attend church very frequently.Cross-examiued- Don't recollect the words made use of in theVi(,lght und Live Stock. Moils and SundaesTotalCorrespoudlujc week of last yearIncn-ase. •2 2 , i p Ot 1,835 40<>44,43.% iS9 37,125 65$7,559 74Dr. Willet, sworn—Reside in Morris County; am aield under tne most !uvdLouiba since 1856; was called to attend her; her disease wasable for a satkfactoO hiu j - «Qcottr*atng, and In thut!wft) faU short of an »v«• wkUttn th« last two w. lands at« tv « large extol; ne*d«d. to euabl« far«.«r,we shall ptobably b&-The Nrtc-Orteanspres"," says:The week closed ou 1 Ranees of 'etnralng eni« 1 ihe cloee of the previous IMortgage city paper I Mortgage count'? »J>« Factois' acceptance! Factors' aoceptam-aj Factors' aooeptau -.'sj Long paper. Rood toafter my sister's death; Mr. Harden was there: ho askod me if" S i ! K dine there that day; it was more than a month before he ??h«,!SSTiiT**»« feeling againat him; alter I got to Ramsay'smnnied; Ranted me to destroy them; ho said ho hid destroyedten with a knowledge of this monstrous practice. ing in which to continue the school now held in the those she sent to him ; he said I could have her clothes; he prom- & « *A*\ r T n « S ,? , " » Plainer. But if avenue and Fortieth street, on Saturday, April 28 at 4 o'clockbuilding at the corner of Hudson and Grove streets, wbich is to be repaired. Granted.ised to give m© the money purse, but dirt not; it had something in; 1was at his door on the day of the funeral; he said he was not solng—he was siek; I slept with her the night before the went to Ramsay's -t she was in good health, except m cold; at the tlmo she fainted away at our bouse, we were romping; she came to in a few moments; was about the house next day; she wascome that way to the funeral and l e thought he could mak^it sathfactory to your mind. If this dots not saMsiy you wSl von not come over as soon SByou get this. He said that tnerewVr* several probable oacses of her death, as to whloh one hadoausid it he could not tell. Please to Write a note and send it back byp. m. Carriages will be in attendance at Trinity Church until84 o'clock.THOMPSON—In this city, ou Tuesday, April 24, Julia Ellaa,- beth, daughter of George and Phebe Ti ompson, aged 9 years, 8 months and 2 days.W B I T E - O n Wednesday, April 25, Mrs. Betsey White, in tho 87th year of her age. •her funeral on Friday, the 27th, at 2 o'clook, from the residenceof her son. WiRuun B. Miles, No. 77 Eldridgo street, WILLIAMS—In Haektesack, N. J., on Tuesday, April 24,Catharine, wife of William WilliamaThe relatives and friends are respeotfully invited to attend tbefuneral to-day (Thursday) at 11| o'clock a. m., at the house of Mr. Williams, and at 12 m., in the Second Reformed Dutch Chuxeh, Backensaek.ii.*^** dollar; 60 d*y I ««nt ills.In advance of tho ttent of the Banks tion on Saturday, tht;.join the summary adding a column sh| the last Quarterly i'rom a comparisttichanges "will be no;. •• i . .It is rumored here that a certain sore-headedDemocrat has accidentally " found " an autographletter from the G. H. O. P . F . to J. Glancy Jones,written in 1856, which will be produced after proofof the handwriting before the Covode Committee,and it may demand the recall of Mr. Jones from will of Seth Groevenor for school libraries, out of his and went to chuich with me, and I asked him if he would gopacity of tho Bank to discount was $300,000, if de-sirable paper had been offered. The interest ou th«First Mortgage Bonds of the Harlem Road, doe 1st*May, will be paid at the office, comer of Twentr-e^street and Fourth avenue. On the 1st of ^ / r j olio of her son-in-law, John Q. Murdoch, are invited to attend Farmers' Trust Company will remove to Wo.56 W*»The Twenty -second Ward asked for $«i00 for. a renewal of rent of premiees now occupied by PrimarySchool No. 17. Granted. ,The Fifth Ward aaked that the $500 allowed by the plflssod when she was sent for to go to Ramsay's, aud was Inthe bearer of this if you have anything to communicate. .. TM a ,T* i "YonraffliotedBon, •TVienna to explainit, as unexplained it reads very donation of $10,000, be given to them. Referred. along too, and ho refused beeiuse he had Caroline Smith withbadly.CoL Forney is assailed by a print in yoor cityThe Twenty-fiirt Ward sent in a rerolutton empow- him, and he wonld have to take her back 11 w u st Fisher's wlihit he wonid not send John Slater down to visit her, and ah* said « S l£: '£*? d u e t° ^ e "UgiooB public and the Metho-JsWToiitHotelClubin1856,TheColonelhadthis,becausesottocarryoattheoriginaldesignwouldrlaje,bedidnottakehertochnrchfrequently; aboutaw«eknetaRftrtnd.fiehasaey«be*t'dftet*,»dWMoSrjougo'cd spirits; my sister oam© to Allen's, where 1 was at work,Her friends and those of her sons. Abiol and William B. Miles:Court adjourned to two o'clook.. ering them to go on and complete their buildiog fire- biro and my sister before her marriage, when Harden asked her To th4 Editor of TheN. Y. Tribune.Btreet, and resume astive business on its reduced capi- tal as a Trust and Banking office.Tho annual election of the Michigan Southern » » £ road Compaoy came off at Toledo to-4iay, whea » •Untitled Documenta r e U m hyou rid not feel-satisfied after reading his letter. Chat you should"Mr. Samuel Dorland." J. 8.HARDEN."c o u l d h a v w , l t t nJ>BJEJI>.ALBRECHT—In Brooklyn, on Tuesday, April 24, ElizabethNew-York Central Railroad, 78^©78j[» Erie. 10®i6ij% 50 100do b*>64 do .60 a ? do.............beo Mproprietor of the Winter Garden, the sum of $243, for bills,SECOND BOARD.1,000 United States 5t, '65.1021 20 Krie R.R. Ass'd Stk3000MissouriState6s....83|100fHud.R-R.R.$10 costs to plaintiff, and with leave to defendant to renew jobbers offered Stocks freely, and most of the orders to*6 Tears, 3 months said 17 days. wco P1ETCH—On Wednesday, April 25, Mary C. Pietch, wife of 1W9$n,W3H o*U <|*'' *.***•exempt members of Excelsior Engine Company No. 2, are Tho traffic return of the Great Western Railway of Ito attend bis funeral from his late residence comer of SeventhXXCMASUX—We,quot« lows: Clear Sterling riil500 do 934 250 do 3,000 Erie BR.2d M/Bs ex. 96 200 do, « » « b30 4U 4*' b»425 . b W 4 ?10 000 Han. k St Jx> RR.Bs. 74 IOC Michigan Central RR .. 472,0' 0 OaL fc ChL 2d M. Bs. 92 100 2 000 Clev. fc Tol. 8. F. Bs. 72* 100dodododoPanama RR..... dodo14 Chi Bnri'n kQuLRIL 6 $ 50 do 63f50 do b30 63J 50 Milwaukee Jt Miss. RR48 do 63 10 do T 415 Am. Exch. Bank. 1081 10042; Mich. Cen. R.H b«0 47 do blO47450 do150 Erie Railroad783 10016i 2O0 b80 16Jdo .sl0 63 do.... 6»:Michigan Central, after selling <fCumberland Coal, M<®15; Pacific Mail, 104ja>105jThe new parties whi<f' it i ldo. •m«*•*mmmm* trijVdo 28]1Nmrth Caieibn...«' LASJ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 