 •"1*• a.»,taw heaauea. ^liweleeerved to Bighting the Lake Nyassa, the source of the River Shire,what n of" greater importance, have asaaswared a great cotton growing and cotton manufacturing country. Th* cottoa to cf two kinds, satire and foreign. The native is short hi thebtapie.aad feels more like wool than cotton. The foreign appears to be of good quality, with a r.ip'e from three fourths ta aa inch in length, ft to perennial, at d requires planting only once in three years, while the:expressed a hope that a suing monument would be erect however tmaJl it may be, either by miliary osca- Ihe Hoaat, in committee on the budget, agreed to thejoins the Zambesi about 100 miles from the sea, beliw classed. Count Cavour draws foe attention of the Mass will be celebrated bv the right Rev Dr. Lough!m,the difficult parte of the latter river: and far 112 miles the Austrian Foreign Minister to thto matter The Opteieae Bishop of Brooklyn, at St Pajtick s cathedral, to Mul-Shirebasadeepchannel,theriverbeingfront150to200 berrystreet,aadasermonotth( lifeoftbe Apostleef yards wide. 112 miles from its mouth the cataracts com asserts that Count Cavour has given hto reply on the Ireland will be delivered by the Riv. Father M*rnre,at*catowr atmer and peatnwa. but:-, a a question relating of oar follow coon to the poswion of Fraaee and her seeuidT Is Europeai«s Eag toad will g:Te. A'B>COM.—The fiwamt m sot sc good. but prices are firm are aofirwateso kill it. {hwyare ssd *§s. a afo. fer Cumberland eat.• that I ^tfihtly 1 ilZ*v*m I s*y that we•tat haiMajsity *the way of thehoar.) Bat r as to say itthe 3w**a earreaaaade wah tee view watch I have labia af tae rettrff* I this* aot a night nor an boorthe annexaaen; for the House will at onoe see there a a simportant uinereace. If you oaneui: a person, yeu may serta that Mr. DtaraeiT-j was the mere liberal of the two. both sides all the way by ran^e of hlito, the ranueonbe ftvriy pressxeed to be willing tc act upon the advice Th« London Times treats the matter as use of very Lttie the east or left baak being very lofty There is an ex-The Paris correspondent of the London Heral I states pear in a new light before the public. Tha* for ho be*K in Nortaern Italy, oauad ender oae aynaaty. deee te itaeotaaary far ker "to obtain poaoaaeon of a which w.!l rtfo ber caatmaad oi tie ••earatii"-af the aiee towwaa FrancefcrhhiSBT— Before any BMEber of tec government an-ifee(jK«et«B,1ahotld Ifeetoput*q*eatK»tothe iaarenetajtaeelf,acdmatio,wbaiatit hepro i K *> in this oaae, beaanae a J aaerejy idling away•ee— r*Oh oh ")—aotoajy idcagowajoer trnae.bet j greater ccupiioatkRJi x a metier of this aature,tf tbet* ^e ad pUicy *t;.-btb* Ereae and thefBTeraaaamtly that Savoy was BOSteeeaiiai as a satlcaaiity ef" Italy .Apt. Keil s operations iMtt "it: cer :s raising the cable at watered, wonderfully numerous are streams and moun- to the proposals for me re establishmeni af that Power Buds Arm Bay. Newfoundland, had ctoariy demssstraasd tain 1.lis of cMl, clear, gassing water. Free ZtaabahasActing «»en«ral I The Oneida, which arrived at Liabos oe Thursday, ExaittiUom BbrtU oa* tfoa 9to « •naiiems ef she bean- is Italy, aad It si qsite possible to memberforBocks,and ontheae benches,wouldwhich, if ao at firsth IS!*—aof everything--the tervative aaOea. are to stand by thatany 'itotarbance of .t. and that after having aiiBg parttee to the separaeoo of Holland fromt,aad to u a t which to sow gooag oamlUtly.we rocse ourattvas to some new exaibsBaa of r*tee of Savoy, aad are to charge the Emperor ef the wttb some grievous ntaaon to Europe because be r. regard the treaty of Vienna as the governmentto alleged by a great sorties of the Frenchcersaady aitogad By siaieaaten aaa-chod tcdynastiesfromtheEmperor's,thattht?aggrasdxemestA l l i aCSBBHI —Mere doing, and one quasttot dearerLAKDmgoodrequest,thesalesreaching200tons,at 57s. ed. for cid retising. and sis.a60s. 6d.forfineto choice new, suitable for the country trade.the colonel, and, aiter the order was given, to aaacate it tee precipitately la Bssrehteg by flank tbe step OM Use light was too long aad the marching time too quick, which eauatO tse fwswpantes an the toft to tose distance. It waa atoo observable that manythe ueverning slaaaas of this coKStry do What to iseiaeaty et Tenna to ium bet a great compact whist :>mens ibe overthrow, if aot the degrada-tnerefore. aa he aad bis government state, to mastais the same security as they hitherto have had. and thmir^g that that oecunty%ocld he j&pairad by the rreaiion of such a kmgdom as I have mentioned. ths antperor of the French says that it to but due to th* teecnty of Fraaee, if the ecaaaat of the pecpto c l Savoy can be obtamed. to annex that eouatry to Fraaee . 'rat s e has also stated some time ago. and I understand h e states itnow.thattha • themeaningcf;a*aoeech,au*ssenaajuat oees pronounced, that he wishes to ccasdt iiw rr«ai Power* of Europe on that vary annexation (Hear,Hesse had quitted Vienna for St.Petersburg/ with the draft of the madtted treaty for signatureIn onwaStion to thto the London Dttilti Neux assarts that tbe story of reconciianoE betwees the two governaBests to a purefictics.LATSST.The Journal dt St- Petermurc.of the 1st March gives a soflcisl denial to the alleged alliance. LordJobsRusseilatoostatedintheHouseof Oommoaetnat be had received a ccnununicaticn from the Brian Mintoter denying the truth cf t s e report.CEARLFS LTVTNGSTONE Load BSiSim's Missions.agaed far the m -m He n-zst regard with pleas-ire—any BOS. of his t'anxiy.WHAT Els-LOKX-^HirAND MB. PKBSIDENT 9AID.BCCHANANOf. MttBft to the ?xpto ** th-£xcheBMMHt lord, » cnew.mplated 1MB atili M MOf tha a.! read with the deepought to be adHepropoaed to _ a £10occupancy.give a large but aot a s extravagant increase ta the aantharef voters. WHhrespectto the redtotrlbutkm of *«»«• than was no intention whaBy to dlefrsscstoe My extoting caaatltueccy He prooosed to take caw of the two members from each of the twenty fire email boroughs which poawatatd ponutotiens ef sevenThe Jfenttewr eccfains a message from M. Thoavenel to the French ambassador at Torn. M. Tkoivenelthe complete aaaexation of Perse* s a d Mattes* to Bar- ctoJa; the vicarai government of Bomagua byto the name ef tte. Holy Boo, aad ths 10 ettebltoriinont of Tascaay to her ssaateal and terrltortol steaaaaaaay. France wcuM s o t oary rapport thto uiiiiliiaallisi a t a Caaforoac* or Congreat, h a t would also proclaim that a o foreign m- tervention be allowed to attack it. Franee would, at s o price, Bfsuate the Msponsibility of aay ether policye •pit* of h e r Majesty etsa: it-houM b* annexed; be has rtceivad iaform«ioE— twenty-eve teats be p«j>c*ed to divide thiHacn among the most populous ccantSea. tw o to a new metrcpoiitasetoteftaiaed.^ of the Poven ef Eeraee, ta eftilno does aot tail <mfrom what quartor—that the people ef borough, oae to the London University, one each to Man native Baa to he planted annually is foe highlanls, j e twhich BOW*?pears to frieant ioftheprovtoeeofSavoy.It ter BOWato * dtenetan of that iHlMt even the short dlscxnstaa ether meet has had easAdersbto , Ilaliaviit nenrreatly reportednecessity and would atoo protect Bwltxeitoad. Fraaee, fault finding on the part of our mritery 1 andBurnleyFourdttfranchtoedEnglishseatsaretogo however,deesnotwishtoforesthewmofthetahabithsNationalCadets,somefourteenotherthat after all ti« iktkrn and pchti- tJ aothmg from Her except—toe support (Loud laughter.) The qnastioa whichleave was given ta bring is the biased the secondin bto place moat—the crnmbiiag into nun of a(aer.:. wa.ch never should hare been erecied, and whiet hear.) I beg the House to consider that it cannot he aNctw.tnranding these denials the Chnmuh persists is the truth of its original statement.h>Mba Freach asopie ;'bear,hear)—who may be emit* a s wed pleased wttb their iasBtonnoaa as we are with -(hear, hear)—and who may feel satisfied* thto to be tad, that J we are to ratee, aa I think the <-f the patrimony of the Pope ia too intimately connectedhoaorabie member for Tamworth seemed disposed to do, with the genera, interests of the church to be treatedHvaamNew York and Brie do.. M; 1111sifonsafowtBl: dtaim torn «ir»-{aear, hearLberty which we have aot, aadaagry dtocaanens o a thto subject—if we are to take mere assertions a the place of truth, acd to suppose bad mo tares on tae part of a friendly aovereiga, ths only effect of debates earned on in such a temper would be to excite aaaatensse feelings, aot only between the executive govern ment of France and the government of Eagtan i. but be-- the people of France aad she people of England bear); and 1cannot ceneaave, however mesh tbe tordo«>c*ae saay xa«at hto own patilnttoai aa o n -to that of tbe honaraha* member for Bb^atBgham, a anaaa aarrtes to England than1 which would niinoasiilljand hostility on the part cf tr.) It to from such feelings1 already aa,simply a s a political question.irace Lacton Bonaparte, it was hinted, was likely tobe a proasiawn: caadiaaaa for tha sovereif|ty of Icacaayaasstx-la..It was reaortec tea! the organceaLos cr tee Imperial Council on a wteer oaci had recCveu the aanct.ic of tbe Emperor3 2 _ . -with the soetei74 catae.« oases. • sarreto Baa*st btoh rates, freni 74* a 80s. 50 oaska, 25 bote,tion Cevton brough: 09s. ed. a 79a.fortowpnvatelv about 100 essks have been sold. <M casks. 6 barreto.'eeP bags native Oeylm sola at 69* a 90s. for gooa ordinary. Prtvateiy. about 300 half bates Mocha, of in- direct import, have bees acM at 120* a 131*oleac garhto*'. P a n o f a cargo o f St. Domingo,1.600 bag* Port as Prnce. waa sold tost Saiurday at6d. for a near port, insured free of 10 per cant.1 to the aahtical lioerty which waeajeaejvoyes p1refdero aot aretead to know more than ate booerabie haraatt, b a t I have hoard froaa persona ef togs auttarity that the hwMsMhsawl of 3aroy have no . :o the tnsaawr. hat prefer x ha anaetad » (Load cries of "Oh "') Wo amy ail ha sorrylit teas, batlwiilteu the Bocae the 1saoon. The rtty font I have been able t a aoaaslt in that laaaasod m a that the annexation of dhvoy to1wealdgofor10doablethevalueofallto that aaaaary. 1of other namaas aaataat the neeneawf Bavay, If Itc doobte the vaJaB of all the htadad a the ttBisnm (Laaajhter, aad "O h, o h " ) ' 1 of she iaoor1 cf thai sfurJaos 1adu^raatly to the vaioa of 1r, d* to mack, Tram fTamhery. the manCa^tarers s a d thatr _ the val-WOOD movedthat someactionh ethat pisihiiite,togvetheImatailtoriiii efaddi-tothaiby ties for stronger and mere durable than aay thatcosid be created by the rule 01 coerces. (Loud cheer*)I shall always took bask with pleasure and gratificationtothat|BnofniypnhatocareeTcoiE*ctedw:tri Canada— a 49*. Ad. for good to fine yellow. 310 hhds. s a d 60 bbto. acareeriswhichI d«vote<!myenergies'totheestablish-aad^aaMaw I dna tsaghteat1PortoRico,allsold,40s.a42s.forgoodbrowntotowyel- low, and 42s. a 46* for tow ""^'"g graytoh to good yel- low, s s d same middling pale gray to sarreto realaed a s high aa 46a. Ad. a 49*. Ad. Of 764 hhds. Cub* muscovado a portion sold upos former terms, 9 9 * Ad. a gate. ed. for tafertor to good brows, 40* Ad. a 43* od.fortowtotow middling yellow. and 41a. a 44s for low middling graytohI•'ofpower beyond theAlps,andtheadditiontotheTtethattheAuatre-Baaatoctreatycfalliance forsignatureon thetenna publtohedisits columns,but owing to tbe determined attitude which had been takenTery a&xkme to trade, womenpoundteg finewo toft TheAt the Tillages we cuuld hear the allnight,toharemealtcsellbe- teof-tmevillagewhichwepassed.FEW YORK HMALD, SATTEDAY, MARCH 17, I80O.-TRIPLI SHEET.3this or that oooBsry for the suemeatBaageaaraL Annex Savoy: ft to natarai thousand and under. In th* s^asnaattaa ef theaethe eflueat ccassaaad efCei. Micbael Ccrcoran. will parade in fall strength, aad k a aaid that they hare prepared themserres far atoptoy a a The annexation of Savoy and Nice to France becomes a tha occasion hi seen a •ssner s s will toave ao room forSavey w a s it. Aaaax aalptm! The boacrabie rec cheater, Uverpooi, Leeds sad Brmiagham. aad oa* eacc the people prefer the hitter, because they say it mikest t e m *c ' . y ^oght^w-31 be able at the proper mo- to the proposed new bcrougba ot Birkenhead, Italy-bridge the stronger cloth. We remarked to a number of ia'ellimeat to inform the Bowse of Commons he tae mfbrme- t m * - M l > . 1!Mfc*>—Q**t. * * P*0?*6. rf Belgium wish Bheahh prarhmaa of ^ g a j We^ilali bare a similarthis the language of an Eagltoh member of ParLameat'S«era) Data tfcto liafaagt represent the fooiaga cf rrsuing was tied for foe 19th of March.gent looking men in eue village,»' Y02 should plant plentyof cotton, and perhaps the English will come soon andbuy i t " "Troty' the eouatry to fuE ot cotton," re-plied the elderly mas, who wasatraier, and had travelfcd much ; aad our own observations confirmed thetruth of thto. Everywhere we saw it while passing through Italy think 1' useless to appeal again to a vast of th* htha nkewtoe appear is unusual number* Twelvetwo and a half degrees of latitude, and it prnhibly ex bitante. M. Thonvenel makes the above proposals to have already signified their teteatioa af win tends mucn further. Bvery family appears to have a pieoepeople of EagUnd ? to the detenrujatue cf the t-ncr Leave was atoc gives to brfog m reform bills for Ire- able gentleman foe deteiBilaal 111 of thto Hoaat and of land and Scotland, the franchise proposed is both cases itoa dlaBhreace la the versao** of the thoae who teat as nere r (Chssre.) I bee-eve, nav, I am being the tame i s that proposed for Eagtesd. The pre cxmiieat, th* hoaorabie member steads atone in the ex- wnt arrangement of seats to aot to be daterbid furtherof cotton ground, sad it was gratifying to tee how clear 0 weeds and grass they kept them. Doctors Liv-ngttoae and Kirk, while passing through part of the sams region last April, saw cotton patches of from two to three acres each, though thto time, on a different route w e did not observe say containing more than one-thirdef as acre. They were m general about a quarter of an acre each. In every vil- lage we saw men busy cleaning, spinning, and weaving cotton. The looms a w of the simplest possible construc- tion, and all the processes are exceedingly Blow.Sardinto, sad forwards a copy of the despatch to Lord John Russell.THS TBOXrhXIS 0 7 TBOtTIA.Traw. March 2,1860precession, and it is to be presumed forothers will parade en toerr earn bosk, as a |case A striking and pteasteg feature will be the unity and harmony of the proceedings, wham thai year wtOtei'flteffj -VPWdinars frees the vermes of tee paeaatoa of theae aafodaam I wish now tc ask oae further that aa indicated above.j»m£. hew the Jfcrwuej Peat a currently reported to re- qaeatieB af the noble lord the member for the city of Loa- Farther progress was made with the budget. An•reseat not eaty the opmioas of soane ofef her Majesty t government, hat atoo theof the pettcy ef the Tuiiena* h i the"tie Damp Jr*w* the speech rasa thus -Afterea eel' JaHftei ******** tuu jmummz mm letatom, fl attntek mm denser.psar la mnte *sforacasmcr 1m •iraiefi Prajtcaair h e . hto Majesty w>-"Cea« rmsBensmtei < w tonllare dependhe. Bit in the Jtemwa Post the wars* are •Cede w-he The duwreaee between the two terme t (haw, hear), and it a abeototely ae- that her Majesty a gevarnatent ahaa)d atate u a want a tae proper mtorpretatwc of the -speoafa. (Sear. hear » la 1792 Franc* tooh Savor, and BOW, according Mht hawi aad ahmla JVeaw. Fraaoa claims haeilon, which 1trust he will be good enough toacswer The attempt was made to amend the resolution reducing the noble lord, at the outset of this aomvweat irregularfca- dutes on silk unless provision was made is the French coaatea, stated ^trr correctly that a taor: f me ago be in- treaty for th* ateauhaaeous admission into France of formed the House that he was toll by the Freach governA circular of Count Caroir to the diplomatic agents not be dtotrasted by spats among the mntesas itabroad calls attention to sn Austrian circular which attemptod a few weeks ago to create * there respectable bodies b y poetical teameat the Emperor of France would set proceed to aaaax3evoy without coaonltiag the gram Powers cf EaropeThto afteraoen the aobfe Serd read a ••atement efth* Emperor of tits Freach made .s Tans yesterday,sn wuch the toagusge to ao fonowo •—'• Francedots not w s h to proceed 10 thto aggraadlaemesi. ad to the memory of Sir John Franklin.paQon. or provoked insurrecticc, cr by underhand ma- B^uvres, but by fraasiy expJaislsg the queatics to the great Powers. ' t h e qaestien 1 wist to ask to, whether m the opinion of bar aajeotj'^ goverasten:. there is agy diveigance fron, the language acid a fortnight ago in that wnisb is BOW empioved, or whether her Majesty's so rem-subject ofthe settlement oftheafiairs ofCentralItaly by br.cgiig forward foe motives which prevent the Sar- dinian government from accepting tbe eounapja given, ands.J,of Waaatoarton,I).C.In the ereateg there will be a number ofto Scotland and Ireland, as follow*:—One to Glasgow, an* to the Scotch usiveisitits, one to Dublin, aad one to the ofiuaty of Cork.tents, aad would consult the great Powers. France de- eires universal suflrage in Italy, but this England abstains from adrtoiag, and the existing gorernmente ef Centraleluding Troop L brigade lancers aad the ;tion called tbe Phcenix Brigade, wii' -can in tbe 1an aader the direction of Col. Corcoran, whoto to < ss Brigaater General for the day. Thesrvteikagltoh manu.actured silks aad ribbons on equal terms. The amendment was rejected by a large majority.orders the forced enlistment for penitentiary dtecipnne ofall Venetians whose antecedents appear hostile to Aastna.Thto expression allows the whole male population to b e aomischief making intruders, hut we are glad to notice that the efforts have proved rattrery abaitiio.At half paat tea o'clock. A . v . , solemn FtenMad*! Hto*The subject of tbe late Arctic expedition of Captain MiQintock was brought up, and several speeches were made eulogistic ef those engaged in it. Lord PaimerstosThis v a n cotton region a easily accessi!?*. The Shirerecolsiios reducing th* duty on foreign spirits.Tbe Reform bill to not very satisfactory to tbe liberal Krcrnaie. The London Star (Mr. Brightto organ) saye it sarety keeps faith wttb the expectations of the people.and talis miserably short cf the demand*Ihe London Daily -V--i says the measure might havesaence(tot.15degfitmm.3.1,andfor30milestherivera not navigable (goosto would hare to be earned overlandhere) above the cataracts to the Lake Nyacsa: 60 milesthe river m again navigable, and hew far to the north thegreat navigable lake extend** we do nor know. Tbe na- rec,nesting Franc* to agree to the asajaasBBBB, should the have been so successful, to to deliver stives said that it woold take musts* to get to the head of ment are of opiaioa thai whec the Smperor 0/ me Fret an iieen bolder aad wider in its scop*1 but it is nevertheless the lake.teat »u.cc wee before aera. waareaa the Mcrmme _P<*a—sary eays that ahe to awsreg to obtain a puasaar.onwnaah a n i l a r y to aer for the security of bar froaher. says be atende to -explain' the qoeatiec to the great a substantial measure of reform. and safe to pass. The Shire Valle> to about 12 miles wide a; toe foot ofinhabitants affirm it by their wishes.STATE OF THE CONTINENT.LOSDOX, March 3 - P XI{Boar, hear.) I am gted » aee that lb* saene of Powers, he m still jjcuted to "coaau.t'' lues prerious to The London Morning Htrmld ridicules the bill, and aa the lake, but soon expands to 20 or 30. being bounded onM* pe- eeghi to be Mat la getting'aa exnteaauaa.<Bearbear) Hereyawarehaadtagoverthebben.ee foranact,ittonotaoapparentthatanyopportunityor measuremaypasa.confined himself entirely to the logical aad seteanfic sub- jects to night, however, tbe pubic will have an oppor- tunity ef bearing htm on a subset ta the iliai.iiaatea of which bto versatile telenta saay be brought arte fat) play. We understand that many of th* civic aoctettea aad military companies intend to be presest during the ora- tion in foil regalia and uniformThe Friendly Sees of Ha. Patrick give their annua) dm- ner at th- Metropolitan Hotel, aad many of our beat Irteb American orators are to be in attendance to glorify tha memory of the old apostle, and drown the "green immor- tal shamrock" ater the moot approved fashionThe following communication was sent to each President oftheseveralcityrailroads—Ton will confer a favor oa me, facilitate the passage of the procession, and aid in preserving order on Haterday (SuPatrick's day) the lTtb mat, if ren will direct the conductors of your cars act to cross tbe proccasion white- itisismotion. Oniheotherhard,Iwillseeeveryfacilityef hoatwide ef people as !f they were ao auay stoves m foe w L of the •torporer, aad agates* the popular• eta: was done is Poiasd yean ago. aad I hope we are •at swag to bare a repetition of a atmJar atate cf things, .aba/ near i As I aaid the other night, the universal toeaaga itavoy • apposed to tha aeaevation to France. Tea peoeie took back with pride to thaw connection with ftlrfaect.—{hear, beer)—batif :fcat ceaoecuonie aot tofauMMien'l rhr-Tr—-' dearre—for all peoeus wbo nee at aech eactaded laflwaa are aeaaomiiy repqiH'raaa •aottobeaedtoatyrannyaaddoaaotttat,battooe «awd to the ftwe. libera) and gkroes 9tt*e of Selaer-(flaar,bear.) U s aaosrtaat for w waether Franee • taaiaing oaca.bil7K.aadwh.ec Btrope tookfrom ima,ofwhethersheslahBUttaigtoEuropethatadvicew*ilbegiven,or*itbegiventhat:*.toatalliikery TbeEnglishpaperspublish'AsAppealtoChristians tobefoacwed. fHear, hear.) Therefore, f shoutd Hke tbrougnoui tbe Wcrii, signed by some colored exileswhich y e s receive: bat if you merely explain the mcivea interest, and says that with some slight improvement theceedingly fertile plain on both siies of the river < we tra- velled o s the east of the river),and pretty weld cultivated on tbe upper Shire, where it is about 1.200 feet above foe level of the sea AaaendiSK tbe eastern range of hills by a seep path, we eooo reached a plateau 600 or 600 feet higher; a second asoaat of 1,000 feet acd we find another plateau, three or four miles wide, and in a abort time w e gam the highest part, upwards of 3,000 feet above the tevel ot the sea. and fisdeuselves os an extensile table land, which in these three distinct divisions extends e.m e die tasce below tbe catarac..-. Tha high table .ai_d is from tweire to fourteen miles wide, asd it* eastern s>te slopes gradually down to Lake Iamasaua or the £c-wa ^ 1,500 feetabovethesealevel;,eastofwcichwea**,eome lofty mountain*oa the tabie land, are numerous hills a c . two moun- tain*—Chuadzua, about 5,000 feet high: Zouioa. ai the northernextremity,whichwasascended,from T.000to *,i.U)tee:isheight.aadtwentymileslong,fromnorthtothat negotiations are now peadiag. the object of which is to brmp about a meeting at Oimctx of the Emperors of Russia asd Austria, asd the Pre :e Regent of Prussia.The Patrit says that ths paragraph is the F.mperor's speech alluding to the views of France with regard to the frontiers ot the Alps, excited enthusiastic applause.One cf the Turin journals as&ouncee that a French camp to to be formed in the vicinity of Pavto.Tbe Electoral Committee cf Florence his requested the electorsnottorequire ofcand.datesanyotherpledge than to tapper', tbe annexation.Nrwr*ms. March 3, 1*60. Up to five o'clock this morning only sixteen of the bodieshaibeenrecoveredo'thevictimsoftheBarradonth* aoble lord to tell as. if he can, what construction her Majesty a government put on the mere, recenv language as compared with taat cf a fertaight ago on the same subject.Mr M. Mii->&> (who on rtoag wsa received with muchlaughter) estreated the House, as thto was a q-eai.oc of»ome grav.tv. to iiproach :bi ooseidera^on ae'tner whollyJBthe spirit of the honorable baronet the member forTamwonh. nor in that of bto honorable frtosd the mem-ber for Rrassgham. On a ^oejtion of European Jiteres'.ircnr. ArBasses, whe prccesc x the strongest terms ag^nst Ute system which doiunG them eicher to bantohmant cr saavery.The annual general meetlsg of the Atlantic Telegraph Oompany was held is i o d i c on the 39th of Fabruxry. The report of the lurecura, wh<ch hae a.ready bees pub-tithed was agreed to and the recommendation to raae tUsL'.fctO with_tne Tiew of mat eg another effort to bring tae JIutred cable into workJie order, or to recover asbebeHrvedtheHostewcumnotbolongjusticet•:•itself muchBEpoHibteofit,wasadopted. Thedirectorshador the coBBhry by any personal recrmmaLona, or sv re presenting thai any membsr nad really at hear', any' de- tire save tha: the peace af Earcp-e thou!J be preserved. (Cheers.^ There wasan elemest whvit hal been strangely osrnght01,andwithontwhichitwasmp^ausjsscnced for one.tents of tbe required amount. The Chairman, the Hon. J. S Wortley, expjtised the pre- test poetuos of afiairs loth as u> tha company and orean tAtogTansing is genera.. The investigation and ex ptjimenteinstitutedbygovernmenthadbeenveryenwe fenaaaoB of an mmwear Sawe. consamiac D.COO.OOO of ble to debate or eves to com;rtiieuJ this question, name- eeuraging sad woula soon be aid before Parliament. south. The whole of tea country x remarcac.y wellcolliery explosion The total number of lives supposed afforded you whenever a halt occuiaDANIEL ClRPr^TTER.to be lost is seventy three thirty one escaped. BSAzn.m Europe. He could noi thaak that as7 one *uuii besitate to aay x a t the soereaoa of itree mill.-oaa at peo-thai the site foi landing U>- oJik bad been unforUinateiy cheses. and any new cableto to be landed at New Perlican. A ltsost at the moment when t e e cable between Kirraeheea river about twenty nards wide, MOWISK tfcro'igfc a fine valley near its summit. On one occasion w e passed eight streams and a hae spring in a sngto hour, and Uue was at (he ead of the dry aeasocThese higbltsds seem to possess a asv.brtous cli-mate: the air was Bracing, aad we saw as unusuallylarge number of old gray • hea-.ied men asd woman Theootton country— cot saereiy wh;r»cot?on m a y saauy b egrown, but where they are aerially growisg ,;—beginstwenty or thirty nixies below the caiaracts, and ez.endsuptotbe lake, and prooabi- far beyosd. rots on tbeplains aad to the highlands: toe foreign CI.'.CEgrowple in Lombardy from the yoke cf rescur.ee, a s d creirtransference to a consii:utional govimmes:, was *BI1 Aden was successfully laid, completing telegraphicbrings acv.ces from Bio Janeiro to the 7th cf February. ExchangeonLondon 24^a.!*. Shebringsdraftstothelast night foe "toft wing,': comprmteg oftheNahosalGuard,aruaterisgtwo hasaredand nifty men, all told, gave the test bettahon drill for the season, at the new State Arsenal, earner of Thirty-fifth street aad Seventh arenue. On this occasion tickets of admission were asued aad given to the friends of the regiment, to see foe elsfc corps of the First drvaios exercise to battaiwmovements. Seven hundred and twenty spectators nearly one half of whom wore todtoa, werewell worth the pricenow sought for. Bebelieved communication betweenAiexandrlsaad Isda.aamaster that the Saveyese people ganeralir were not basUe occurred upon another poruos of the Bed Sea Telegraphto annexation, and that they would ;r«fer to Join a Company a lines, viz between Stasis asd Aden. The country amtiiar to theaa in laaguage and far mire anato- electric cummunicatios betwees theae two po.ntaws dto-amount tf £5eC.C0C 6,600.Frees cf coffee goo-i—f.40i> togows to them aa regarda their no&oni 01 reigns and poli-tanca of 600 miles—suddenly ceased. Should tbe injury not prove susceptible of immedaie repair,steamers are toMarkets.BicfiARBSOM. SPINCE ANDC0.8CIRCCT,ARLITSRPOOI., March 2,1M0. Biour«TrT«s.—The trade this week has been vary dull,tics Hewasci opmios that this assexatior uu;tt beeatoaaead. hie are aot the Pari^uBant of *ranee we are mad* without ' starbinr the peace of Europe. aad. sap- be employed os the imperfect link.eao tai» ovoh ft. or wt :eb h e boworabte berooe*. can re-settaePaxjiamemtofSavoy—weareno"theParttaient peazagalletherthingstoberight,1wouldbeaounfa,r TbefreedomofthecityofLondonhadbeenformally •Pfbrepe—bat we ar" the Paroameat of Eagined. acd campensat or for the 50,000 l-reaoh lives atd uie millioaa present*-; in a handsome gold box to Lord Elgin, en ac eaieaa '". oan be afi^wn taat taere a aoy diroctand eeriaea of French atcsey sacrificed to procure the isdepextdextoe •Host of the important commercial aervicea which hto. which Uua eeontry baa in aoaae of theae lore^t oritely. lordship has rendered to hie co-entry.A meeting of the Newspaper esd.Per.odic*; Press Asso- anabanrd •pectacie dowe capr ti Etrope catsonhadbeenheldtoLondonforthepurposecfad- eeet the wertd with theae repeated ^endoeee1 (^Oh:"') Lord J. Rrssau—." cacao: a!k>w thto dto::t«enc to dose vancing the projected repeal of the paper duties, uratem* at the lake and It diiierest places for tu.rty siiesL-etow. asd atoo agaji 06.-CW the cataracts, wnu*» the na- but holdere are generally firm, and there m no giving way occupied comfortable seats provided for thewo en a r e coootnat.7 brooght before a s ,What oan be aaare •itravegan: than the Saagoage without answering the question of m e noble lord, and were throws a n that toe London Ifaaas was workingtive a cultivated tiiroaghout tae whole extent c" countryTBe peopie live in villages, and awe prery numersus .theyseemtobeanindumn-iusrace. Irontodugoutcfthe hiiis. and each viUag- has one or two smeirng houses. Flour held for fall rates, hi aome cases for a aught ad- the direction ef Adjutant Harry Lsebenau. After going•a W'b-;b the honerahe gentSeaaae hat aldreaaed ui eej tab) qooauoar Why. aot only Ecrcpe, bntEngiand itself, on ire. aad 1am afraid the honorable baronet smskcag asae oooarvaaons on whai has occurred in the Souse just sow The nc-cie lord asks whether I _=Jer- stand that the Emperor cf the Itecch mesas merely toagSvSSt the repeal, aad it is stated that strenuous efforts weie being made atoewhcrl to defeat the measure.From their native ires they manufacture hoes, axes,spears, arrow-headi, knives, and numerous ornaments.vance, but tbe ^*T»»»nt a not active. Indian com scarcely through the formula cf a parade, aad the mmpaatea sub inquired fcr , and nominally unaltered in value. W equote —Wheat, red Western, 9e 9d. a 10s Id.. Southern, divided ao aa to represent eight battalion companies thehe meaaa to uensuit the Powers of Europe Upon read- Ihe London journals of Saturday. 3d, crisciae the the well peopled plains—aad native cloth: and they arctag the speech of tr-e Emperor of the Frenah, and on Savoy question. to connection with the debate in Parna- ate*1 gTeat cultivators of tbe soil; men. women aci'chil-bearing the explanation watch ihe Amraaatdor of ment os the previous evesdag, and the production of th* drea are often seea at work re tbe field. Thi? seemsreally a tine country for benevolent enterprise—healthy btehands and materials for commerce and water comma" wtesiton. with but a single exception. Let a market be opened, or an agency appointed for tbeics 6d.a29*perbbi. Iciar com.yellow,33s.a33e. exercisedisthe•»•«•—1ofarms,usinganduntiringbayo-M. per eao lb* nets, charge bayonets, marching by the hank right aad nan.' -—There continues to be a fair demand, freely metby holders at in some cases a further aught decline in left in front, marching to column by companies and divi prices. The week's sales amoust to fully 800 tierces, of stons. firing by file, companies and battsaoea., if possible, hotter. Let -za examine the qoee- S a fltsta. b a S K I matter whi:b we enght to v » wenatrat. if bw poeicot: woold perwcl, a a d that there Powers of Europe with respect tc ire annexation cf Savoy regtarded as a very serious one, and strong praoaawi are abaald be no attempt on the part of awybodj lo dtasrb (Hear, bear.) and aww. if A s aoble lord will permit t, uttered against the aBneiattnr of Savoy to Fraaee BsahaaadaraB of any of the existiag Slaaes. Bat that is let oa a iule consider what to the ooattioa of theJEx peror Ice Htrald regards the Emperor s speech a* a delibe- aattbeatste of thinaa, acr cat we expect a. At this very cf the French. Thto to aotaqoeatim rehujag solely to rate bafiaaoev and say* everything depesda os the a*ei-aaastaa. Perhaps we are aH agreed that it would be•maca better thee everybody is Earope ehonkl remain tenuon of the Emperor of the French to -onsu'x the great correspondence o s the sueiee:. The question to awaasaUyFrance one given, I can have ao doulr! that It a the hidona cf ssatohato af a onaawtotnass territory, would kmg-Fraaee worn as regards her security, aad would enable against it some modifications had been screed open, and to remain all night with them. As a last argument theytits Kmg ot derdmm. aa oase of war, aad beisg engaged the treary would be carried outto TheOSaroaacienowatate*thatRussia,toaottoaidcried after as • Are we to hare it said that white peoniethroughourcountry,andwedidnotseethem' cwi,thecioatogpricesofP.YC.being00s.3d.a60*. ofwhichmanyofthemassumedastiffandoath* side of, other Pawarn, ao » threaten the French in Italy, but will act with ber hi any complication that lrcaiier as to max* it nociiisaary for the g-vereigs af France may artoe la regard to the couatr.ee on the Danube, or ta>from the soil. These would probably besfound wefi aaasfoaB for Sea laUsd. as the foreign cotton becomes longer in the staple on these land*1 enclcee specimens of the two kin ds of cotton picked in diflbrant parts on th* plains acd is the highlands. The cotton seed we brought out was nearly all killed during the voyage. Please present my kind regards to Mrs.C.. and befaeve me to remain sincerely yours.gas. ad. tost three months cf th* year.Ursa. BAB* stow oi sale, at 9* 6 1 for fine ground Phi-ladelphia, ss. 9d.for coarse, asu 8s. 3d,for Balfonare. ROSIN.—Cemmcc firm at 4s. o d . but with no great buainets doingSKEDB—The arrivals of clover continue large. and hold-ers are anxious to sell. Dealers, however, etui show no disposition to purchase, although new American red can be had at 46s. a 46s. per cwt. Of timothy, 100 bags seid at 36* per cwt., and 100 hhds. new sowing finx eeeu at 66s. per hue.COTTOX.—Tse market continues dull and prices of all qiaiitKB. excepting good stapled Or leans of t a e middling and better grades, are depressed and must be quoted at a declineofone-sixteenth toeneeighthofapeanv perlb. is the wee*, the market closing at its lowest Sea Islandsremedied, and seldom observable atoesatg aad firteg, to all Ma detente, was very wellaad waa very appreprtotesy apphatoed by the spectators pretest. The drill Iemunated at ten o'clock.The Seventh will have a "field day" some time durtog the month of April or May, either at the laahton Course or Fact New York, aad during the summer they will go •Bto camp for ten days, probably at Long Branch. B was the intention of the regiment to here purchased an satire set of camp equipage, bet the large amount (39,990) ex- pended intaeirtote trip to Washington, materially im- paired their exchequerMettin*:ofttoePoliceiThai Board met yesterday sfternoon, Premdeat Suil-to keep two armies os tbe-aide cf Savoy and Nice, hi or-der U)guard against the danger of invasion. Wth.Bg, afiairs in Hungary. Is also a c e ences that the Prince ofmatter of mouterence to any ruler of France what a theopinion of Europe generally, and of the great Powers, upasha opiates, m this very speech the Emperor of the Frenchstates that he a no. going to annex Savoy by way af mili-tary conquest. What doc* that mean * I* means that he aaceaasoa cf r power aad ao adwaatBs?e to Prance not ready to eaeoustar thageacsal Itespprobaaoc and da- cany a dated the 2atfe of February, and was despatched rtvtos of -€m: ) Weil, .' France can become more trust of Europe, bat that be beBevcs that hto government :• Turin the same day but a the absence of Count Cavanr[From th* London Sotr, March ZTbe Court of Commsn < ounci! haring resolved cc tbe w:uQ..:c. ohanc- curst? dull, aad fully oneetghth of a mann in the chair. Commissioners Bowen, Straaaean,tr, oy aay pomiD.Uy ootid fcr a long Une have scb- 1 ai^ee w tr the besorabie gentlemen h re- cc-. on;, tea: tew q-eatcn baa been ra*aed DCI mat it eacu-d have bees raised is Paris. -t-usar near ) I say tsat tnis step wJi proicce noI t a l y .The note by which the French government requestsl*th of Jane tost, that the freedom of the city, c a gold box, value 100 guineas, should be presented to' the Earl of FJgm and Kincardine. <>. C. B .. K. T .. for the se.-~.cespenny p*r it lower. In Manchester business isafieciedry tse dricping tendency here, and it is the absence of I'issoefler. Powell, Mayors Wood and Powell, present.stocks WE 1. auppoite prices. The quotations are — Tbe Board were in sssBtos aome three hours, dertotj,sisrdxa, conce.ve that theasnexat:cn of Savoy acd the occupnuos of the aaaaas of the Alpa would ho mar*that CavoIT would resign as soos an the telegraphic sum mary of Napoleon'8f p^eit reached Turn.taoto haaeaih a glaas shade, and aatrac:-.d asiversal no tice fram th* beauty af its design and briUancy cf its exe cution.betog made of eighteen carat gold, covered withquiet, sad the basinets daring th* weak has bean limited. MoxiT in fair daatsadCoaseia lsare aff iff. far money, *4Ji a M v fcr thea* 2-.d.: Mexican dollars, Ss. i*»d.; 7fo. ed.. nominal. Doublo.TTs., South Americas. 71s.J x*8ie»v 9roran —A food deal of bndene in Catted States 6 s, bonds, which are ottered at 91V: sterling. 103 Maryland do.. 08 Penney 1-atso received andMayergard to theae membe-s ef she eld force who had com- menced suits agates', the Board for back pay CBaaldem-* -1 know aot * they are—bot let1 they have determined to apply sc the people thswasasaag to Uaiy tnan the prtaest aituahou of aflaira aof Gswey the prmcipif wtuoc the gr-erameais are n<>w isreatenisg to Fracne. (Hear, hear.) At the same t o e , A decree calls os the Tutcan people to vote oa the 11th houqeasBaf nowere, tetermlxed with altaorsfo pterefoajs,I must beg to impress on the House this further coasiderauon. The Power* of .Europe are to D* consulted; but Eogland a i Power which does not merely sonatot of the ex-ecutive aovermnent but also of foe Crown acd the Parlia-ment of the United Kingdom, therefore, I should be farfrom waning that on Uua matter the Parliament ot Eagrdtoers ) Weil, that to gartaaiy aot very eamatimeatnry toad abac id not bold and pronounce Its opinion; but there grraation had eaastteaoualy decided tnat the preservation:ahocid be appried to the people ef Casual luly. mber from Tamwortb ar-the cenamy Wtfoa ChSaase upon her rant hasd.iad ageld *v*r produced in aaatond, or indeed m the world. The Barlof FJgis.sc hto amral, wav inroduced by Mr. Deputy Barnsos, as the acconder of the followingmotlou, whtoai waa rati by the Town Oerk —"That the freedom i f sate cry, to a gold seen box of the valuacf 100guineas, oe presented to • s c Right H o c the fisrl of 21gm sad Kinsarcine. K. I., is test mosy of the high sense entertained of the nnponant son loos ren- dered b y hto lordship to tha country, and a s commercex Caaada, China and Japan."The Barl waa then presented as a member of the Mer-chant thylore' Company, and havtop subscribed the usual declaration, was addressed by the Chamleriain. Mr. B.•eeu on the — m 1 lira that the people of Savoy are •boat to be trsaaforred by some great toroe from a state ef shaafBl freedom to a state at degradation and eerr tiide,The other Iialias provinces are also to vote at the same time os the same queatias.Said ;i a to give up the project of the annexation of Tus-bilLBwlwfttaB, fully arrivedIn hie tanPaaa, MsrchS,!***.Lard Jobs'monIMP HTBNr CrECCLAJtrendered by him to commerce in < utada, Chisa a s ' Ja- Middling ipiands. f.'.d. per lb. do Mobile, 6 9-1 fid. which they transacted coastoarable bmaaaas, pan, yasterday was appointed for the ceremony and a per !b. d o oraans. 6 13-led.special court was held for that purpose, tbeCacnci' Cham- LrnsrooL. March 3. I860. ever, of much importance asSDcc-jLsatsreauo,itmmorethanIcanexactlycaioi- Earopeaaweak:enablehim,withoutreproachandwith Cavaurtosaidtohavereturnedanacceptancewiththepro berbeinghandsomelyfittedopfortheoccasion,*large P.S.—Tsemarkettodayisverydullanies6,000bales. TherisagaalliiBofCaptetaCoulter,ofshaTatpowerful r.y the eddbaon ef the ecaniy popciauon of oar. lay such uatemenm before the (TSeren* Fcwwnt of the Bote could aot be delivered before the iieth. Countaaaer apprecaste- I do not believe that Berlin-* will be" if the uaaafer takes place.I doubt extremely wtetter any daadvan-lacsam 11 inaatsiniin will artoe ID the people cf s*- iy.•*('Jt,cb ") nwJtotMforenemomestei^pueethat Francetseir :&seesi. to ma<e x a annexaiion of Savoy 1 iifer from the government of France to these sestines a. (Hear. baar ) 1. as ae.aagmg to one of the Powaaa cf EuropevisJ that tae variius peculations is Italy are to be consult- ed by means of universal acf rage, fairly and truly carried out.number cf faahionaory attired ladiss. besides rum -r -eggentlamec of position to th * city, t s c g present, in addi- FABdMO BROTESH8 AND CO.'S CZZCTLAB- predates, was received sad accepted, toaakei tion to ha asaal occupants Iovrxwr. March %—SP M first of Aprti. The resignations of <S p a i n ataad ABwtaahaaafSiantordshadbees sarpraed andde-M.oroeco. featedbyth*Moorstotheneighhorhomhai'th*forueaaefThe Far! of Euci> (who was iocdly cheered) sa.d—• * • * * * * Srcusquiet,withoutchangeisprices.OfBritishWastotedebateanaaad.tnwhichitwarstatedthattheteresTwo hundred soldiers and five officers are aaid to have been hilled, and twelve oS^era and about two« s wounded.It was stated that the Quaes intended conferring therank ef Grande* of Spain, of theirs: class, and theutto of Marqua Be tea Castillelos so Setera: Prim.DITEBESTJJIGFSOKAFRICA.D r . L.tw*m*Tstam«*aavawtesaat Kpedttloa—I<*f- tera ttowaa tfoa BaatsBtaarasi Plaeweery o f atledia 1.350 hhds. have bees sold. including at a ictian 483 was sow fan, aad ao more eaakt be tehee on.> f.%is price*. The spactous drill room was decorated wttb flag* aad well Both on Tuesday aad to day the business done in wheat lighted by gas. which gave a pleasing effect to the scene wasofthemostlimitedcharacter,atpreviousprice* 9jAteighto'clocktheregimentallinewaafarmedunderNearly all their own ciounnit they prepare thum .elves :it : onsitw either of the bark cf trees, skins <-:'goat£—for lot. a ICE. tkl.. white, 10* 6d. a lito. per 100 lbs. Flour, ranks were opened, arms presented, and the commandAs explosion in the Borradon coal pit. near Northwould not exBBgatah it, bsi make it more extea- »jpiaiu bto case for tae saawaaaton of Savoy, or whether Shields, to supposed to have killed nearly eighty persons. there are few or no wild animals m the hi^ttan t= or in superfine, 23s. a 26e.: extra Western, 25s. a 28s : Ohio, delivered over to Colonel Lsfferte. The troops were thenwbiec 300 uerces old at 30s. a dOs. per tierce, asd tbe re- mainder, sew, chiefly of eeoocdary quality.Critically speaking, the men did not appear to drfil with that unity sad preetoton for which they are so cetobrated. The fixtog aau anfixhsg Bayeatte were rather oars fowl/ dene by a nam ber cf files en tha toft, by befog too hastyPOBK steady, but little doing.purchase cf their cotton. ,w ., m i they w.ll soonjiereaee the amouat raised to a isrre extent, ae itdeea not reauure th* aver* teal wastes' n dene in the at 62B. a tae. tor short middles, Sis. a 51* 6U. for long, in execHCBgtfaemof amentia saStoasattea of the arear freaacuBceraeu. sot beiag .c the sttuai.or of either Franc* cr " The French Opi.iw* JVoftoRu{« lays it was anticipated Th* goad box intended for pretectal>>e was pla -ti on a Our colonial aad foreign produce aawkets esahnae vary Second precinct, sad Thomas Began,.and 12th March, by universal suffrage and ballot, on tee •lueetios of annexacioc tc Sardmia or a separate kingdom. All Tuacane i l years of age are to vcte.The cardinals convoked by toe Pope to a opeci&l c:n •K—ac isacnptiose for sale. Vtofina 6's. Osntrai Railroad bands, fid martapaa. M :awe* us. endeavoring to induce usstopping,of land on the plains, where 60. spot asd Marcs, Ms. 3d. a Ses. od. April to June, and manner on Uv march. These are all 1I cannot bat foal that she freedom of the city of Londonwas voted, aot atone because I waa Governor of Canadasad Jamaica at important periods. but that my aubsequentcareer to embraced in the vote (Hear, hear ) | In Canada Iwss stfocipaily uaajsgsil to establishing thatpriaeiptoof coicaau self governaaest. in trying an •xparimant, th*success af which, I am bold to say, set at rest all perplextogdoubtsoratnectrdwithto*selfgovernmentofcolonies, 6d for middling to*good middling yellow. 810 and which has hound foe colonies to the mother countrybags aaiive Madras sold at 32s. a 3 3 * for mid- dling to good brown Foreign—Of 3443 boxes Havana at auction only a email portion found buyers, 40* fid. a 43e. for good brows to good meddling yellow aad 44* adMayor WOOD finally ottered tbe foDowtog reeoJattoa, which, on motion, waa made tbe special ardor for Ah*of a wide franchtoe. the promotion of education, the of trade and commerce, and foe nasi sir isthat casaay af a fiaang hoate fer freebornmen. gated shsers.) I may remind you taat when I wew mwaafctogton, a British ads,:rai and an Americanthe coast, with instructions founded upoa opposite cosclasiocs, and that ato good yellow Privately. 100 hdda. Martinique sold at sfogtoavhsereetactuponthepartcfoneor39*.a42sTherefinedmarkettodel!.the other ef those two naval officers might a conmet which would have imatf to « tfot harresB af war. (Hsar, hear.) With iegard to Bap toaaty of Waahaapmn, there has been aKABCB 1L0HSON FBOaKCX MAIKaT.finger market qutot Osftae firm, Bute doing.ntey aay that, c all sacs treaties work sc 1marae* steady. 60s. spot; 60c.april, Jssa; 69*. tost saghatoetweenwM tecsUntitled Documenta ni theTJaited States, Iof reciprocitytheirThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comTAU-OWsteady, Butchers' Aaoocia km 80s. a 60s Ad.per of the soldiers m Btercumg forget to allow the cwt. In Laadon the market has advanced fully ed. per right head to swing naturally by foe asfithhds. Barhadoe* frem 36s. a 49*, also 130 hhds. Jamaica from 38s. a 42*, asd 240 bhda. eryatajized Dssaarara at 39* a 41s. for brown, and 41s. fid. a 45s fid. for yellow. 9 (CO bags Mauritius partly said at former prices, 84* Ad. fortowbrown, and 4 1 * fid a 49* fid. for tow » " " " « | gray to good middling strong semi cry ttaiixed yellow. 391 bags Bengal Gcrpattah Date realised 41s. a42B.rec.proctry treaties s a d I Rice, good taquiry. market firm Baateetre fiat Tallowso painful that' laactarics from the Lard May*gey fits: laspuise was to1 aad' ilasMfortmleaa1, of th* brig Bwm> of »ev*ltae4-rfl©?r wiakii WB< *tard a**,b*y*, IB- Cahill, euwj eta at tawAcademy of Music under the ansptees of foeLibrary Association: subject. "The frtetttv ef iin Defeace ef ber Liberties ana her Ancient Rengioe ' Thto theme, to full of interest to every native of tha Emerald hue, will enable the dtotmgutobed lecturer to ap-orations and pleasant festivities. The whose lectures 00 astronomy and otherm • e • •*>••••>-•••••••••••••• 1* ••. • • • • « • • • • • • • • • • • * • » * 9w« w t "9B> 1 7w•••*»*•»»• eaaee••e•• •" -La" }* » e * e * * e e * « * e e * » a e < * ' * ^ '" 90 atf. •••»••--••••••••••*•* gpjj. #B 3P-mp**e •••*••* #*••*•* •*,1*10. lt.i H.'.','....«•*• aa*••*%,•#*•• mm•• , . . * • • • • • • • • • • • • • •S » 9J69ASSBVBMSSVW Bsf^saresa . . . * pj 26• •« • • • e •a • e e • • • e> OTarte.I>t*ile*atO»Jte....Waai-..*• jam49 hi, » • ( ! • • • • • * • • •s^R! 9^V1d s V.•••....••*•  