 >orinion, right or wrong, whkt it is worth. Furthermore,risingofthepicture. Hountainsonthe mountainscrossed, the traveler willwHl be clearedaway, and we stwtUd rather»,"». ..801 iLfH'I thinkEminence remoabrlkisgatory to theBis "that speak troth,..lingering'yams and orangesthattheybrought manybyyesterdayto the•daywith a letter intended to expedite the matter, of whichimate results. If Mr. Piaiiss or his family had t>een1willthat a brutal and hireling soldiery were ;warned him. No one could have warned himsible to makea full of comparisonpresent;taraetmc place.sip.Secretaryof State, has thehonor to inclose herewith'fraternize with thepeople,'*niere la a railway between Kingston and Span- town and the seatdwellings44,^95;the im4«tW af OkwrvBttoiH-aputoh TT^t^the remanerittoftiaMaUhasad. Heraavlags fr<iiB wates,kicashaafsraaenmentof Us HailMM.mmI doot think I can do better, In the diacns-, energy,parsoaal apparelJoBM P. aneam, Kaq,*fc, Oe.. Ae^ Beme. FVKUO MOPOATIOll.)V^^^; and, in no small degree, tothat a West In- Still they looked comfortable. They kept out thethough theyshouldbelongto the Bat here Holy Seat eanemy.28,781Assuming the coiiectnen tfae eaamaratton and, ^Qwtjustto sleep, if it be late, but to feed underpauseupon them, lence.andfof small settlers.I entered one or two of theBolml378.0M 8M.4M l,irUtlIthe graaa can almost be teen growingI;ibitjadarthan we could wiah largerhave to —theyIpaasagea amongso narrow aad the precipicea ao steep, that theI)lance of yoor note of the 4th of July, which containsthe total amooat at wMch the PerUne rate familytheir lots, deducting the value of the recovered arti- cles, the onderalgned, Catdtaial Secretary of State,s. tnsMlnt waieapendcd:Owr Own OoiT»«pondent. Knramir,J«in»lca,J«na«ry,1880.women. would not undertaKcpens to be the case.A projecting cliff shuts out the parish of St.turnedwhich beebsafddteWsDJd^a^oMloAldknaVidwarSpuiLSSNSo^twli^U'i^st^aSMi- hig, Mr. Pxaam InaMM upon presenting him with a bank-note of sixty dollars, which is at the Dreseat moment In the bandsof tha General.•iSD«f4hl»WMt India Labor queation, cTlfaa,as conaiaely a« poaiible,EDTWARD NENEWTON PERKINS.Bar«rtSmpmith« by thia trip are certaiiil; not nn^Tonble to an ulti- mata reriral of^elaUiid^fRwieiitrnor to thetflndad toor that I ha*8 recantlyiIboa(hrrrma]liit0n of taxUMnaSrarasas well as the entranceialMteaf Jamaica."?" Yes.:I|ItcouldjDdaatrybyside of the moun- the Cardinal Secretary of State, facts caaaeote'l with eral precious articles were recovered and immedi- trictlsJSH. The average an*u"m"b*eTMr!attaadlaciiial iHnwliiil In iii^JHihlii! ;prop-of lbs deaoU- which Spanish Town belongs.Into the Parisli of" thewas, therefore, glad to find oppositefS^J "if ^tf 'i! »««• of 4 and MVeais toTba lTheywehaveentered aThe tranaformation to this at-and capadtT of "itt {i^aaantry, whenStates of deems It to be his kncwn to what loss aallered the said the the knowlAemdegreicoaf, the most reverenddubtiys EtomtbareinDgcet,o family amounted, sbutm thethe care of the Gbeyneral sev- during11,198 ; °past year. "Omvtpltaliagdmtkaa oraitytcm the Colon;, I aincereljrSt. Thomas-ifl-the-Vale-through.the Bog Walk" myself descendingan outrage committed by the Papal soldiers at Peru- ately forwarded to ths owners, who had gone to In each dislilet Is 51. '"^""*.'Florence.wehfndfl^ta* ffftAimiimi^^^^^h) bean unbiased opinion,) afterMr. Emtasc N. Piazixs, together with Mrs. Paa-and coffee and have and two servants, on flwir way from Rome, stopped that the InvasloBofthe hotel was caused by the ne- the Isat year. TbechariSer of^'^^i^ftlbUifurnishes some new variety to the scenery.appeared,taken itspimento plantationscessity ofindicated as foUows Los-IntbeCiUes IntfaeRBralDtota.«l less Total 281!•*• towpwfnt.X aiinplr express an opinion,place;the houses ofproprietorsandlook noapart- days. CD the SOtkof tba betel wai sud-iT^and others who managedone sUybg there,i the attention In my pow"2«other acts of bmtal vio- eonslaer tne facts which occurred as an ordinary Thte statement It i* rsmatkad, (hres a very iaS^ •Iwin fa* Coond to possess two big buildings, facing cMiii^dCherin the central square of the "city;"one tfat residence of the Grovemor, called the weary KiB|%Honse,andtheothertheHouseofAssem- produce,aad Public Offices. Both are creditable build-ForApparatusbly'wastravelingwith the usualpass- ^singa. ITpon—vise,passage was an innocent passage." He had no Perugia,and consulting with Mr. Pibkihs, whom I ger In the form of violence directed against him orVieOn the 4thof The ex- coruiverors.private—1alsosawMadame hlsfamily,tftiaof that inn is highly polished, everythingthe exercise oflegal rights•_0i(ft .^tvp they .ijlHat iwiialngbe satisfactory.»•*J. P. STOCKTON.Uiii«imit •iKriionMaaMfc.w*, ~and the servant who was as pencouldnotnarratetheexcessesindulndInbythU:bered, largecommended.^hyaf tha,all the furniture, all that could be stealingIBUat opand are really aa independent and well off as one wonld wish to see any people in the' world. Half lordFor quotas, as the sum of three thousand two hundred and pupilP"t^ab"le*.^;•^»<;»-.;'^" per- .*#'K'°V' T"one of the TherosdUes perthig parishes in the Island,of seven persons, to had taken no precaution whatever•bOiin,there will be no recourse left but to es-weYomuastmahyavejusdugfef.ered.agony citizen of the Unitedthat thePontificaltRK>ps,after having evercome.ths ab- stscle of the barricades, occupied the monastery of Saatj^eratecrvllljatlon and a Porf Eoyal and 8t. Andrew—in which, be it remem- ing the aforasaM Ssrtss Regimentb^ laws of justice, commonand I Invoke thejpj,awer "d«edofwhich came the boUdlng, frommuchsatisfaction with your (Correspondence with the Papalthan de*- a sainewhat ex-;they certainlypapeers, necessary aad brecioaa 'o me.af theBtdft ^pwrioM (w—dNow, I am not seek-furlongYou look back and trace a silvery thread of wateratments, with the Intentton of ipeadlurputtingstop to the fighting kept up there,gauntthat Jamaica is free foregroundpretendgjjdvice. Idonotforamomentcompeers,1698 Total"WJ that her peaaantry are ai Isborioui *s yon t^fiia men in New-Tork. New-Englawi or aneid'itagland agrienltnraljgf^t-dmy rixmld be sa Bnt aa far aa my ex.island. Theof a secret passage contiguoaa to their bedroom, Inwhich remained concealed for fourteen in they hours,company with the mother of the landlord, who had been murdered before her eyes, together with one of his servants.not the exceptionand if idleness bevillagesugarbut settlers, of whom there areHoneague,themevery Uterally nothingbut the UtUehad on theirdlitilct. It ia not natu-Honeaguevery chamiing41 ..;.. 4¥>jmn » 7«^ this is ali I wish to assert—in- j Hie'free population of Jamaica iscsn cttisens, nor tba of the weeping women,years months.ti.26S,Ja^'Hortli American county presents—we -^ the cause, not to the intractable21The facts above require no comment Like out- present occasion to confirm to your Excellency the InlBSflIsas follows:oJ Ola negro, but to faults ofdiscipline of education for which the goremingrages«)lWiea ^le le^onaibleMO^ ffTBTWhelming temptationsilfaa iltaialii ofiera to all, white and black, to enjoyreport of attendance at school for the rural dlatrtets. plentiful It appeara, that of tha 8M,4SSI petaoos of adtool aaetheirefiint mtm atU tine dignitate.They were more—many,would purchase land out and out in other districtsof Supposing the advanta- ish iTown, the principal sea-port — ges of education equal, I should not hesitate to de-Ibut this exhibit falls far short ofNorth American Indians.at ike Jamaican Government. The distance clare in favor of the intelligence,As the representatlre of the United States of Amer- ica, I ask that immediate measures be taken to aacer-j The undersigned. Minister resident of the United States of America, near tbe Holy Seat, has the hoaornumber, as In New-York, BaSUo, and fTrfipn Troy—abeot twelve miles is performedsuperiorhonesty,here add a statement of the actual value of the arti-cles of which Mr. Pxaxias and his family werehis reverend Eminence the Cardinal of SecretaryState, accompanied by a package containing 3,265:bauchery,assemblagevillageGcudi, t>elngtheto havethe ages of 4 and 21. In the rural districts, aot In a dance on the schools.The reported number of children *t-"''i-g Iinan hoar. There are first, second and thirdupon the academies of the Slate doling the last i»-.It ia indeed a blessing—this little line ofmeans of which yon can be harried in Ospace of time Itom the stupor of Kingston.1beaidthefamiliarwhistleandfeltthe J by me, I began to breathe again. ThislilUllH'iliriiil of enterprise is, nevertheless, a per-been the fashion to regard the latter as belonging I did not reach Linstead, of course, without pass-is other than these that I have com. upon groundsthe renewed assurance of bis very high coDsideratlon. The undersigned has read with great satisfaction J.P.STOCKTON. this communication of his Eminence, in reply to theFubUc Schools for a series of yean Is as ibilowabybated the ridiculous assertion that these peopleare either physically or morally incapable of being Secietaryletters of the of July.of the 26th of June and 4thSS.9U1tothelevel'oftheCaucasianrace. I deny altogether th- statement that they will not work for hire, or that they will not work as wellas ingtnosttuudloitksiie.OmSReminder to Jamaicans of the depreciated ciedifof their Island, and of the low estimate atin the world, under a proper train,MH atLiaueiital-'whl^'its most solemn engagements are rated inSome two, four, or eight hundred acres, as the casebrushwood and rank weedslooking like one of the mina in the Swiss Valley ofary peopleand a wholesome stimulus.isand Spanish underwood. If it were not for the difference inagents.betweenTowa iriow, marshy, and covered with forest and"TheRev. Mr. Piouseyes.Tfc»iMiinlijKingstonof Meum and Tuum.Slavery," saysPhilanthropist !theories. Iamwrong. I record what I find peculiar in his char- Six acter, and let others draw their own conclusions.on some fero- dodiflummer'sday, passing through the New- Tork Wilderness. You get a glimpse hers andstantly murdered'fb]&(eyoumight tency yourself,champion,right;three-quar-andof the West IndiaThere was no drankenness or de-of idlers in theand Sabbath observance are no among a papers and for the distress caused by said outrage. family by the acts of the Papal troops at Perugia, oa proofs, fn the meantime, the undersigned avails tiisiseirof the 20th of June, after deducting the objects alreadynegro population at least, of moral rectitude. It the occasion to tender to his most reverend eminence returned by Col. Scbmidt.the ne- thsm.of a rough settlement, or an acre or so of groes say that proprietors are too poor to pay, orpoor-fWitiuage, deeply shaded, but there are few attentat higher cultivation. I saw upon the grievanceStatesofAmerica, who,is about t36S annum. perrUAVCIAL BCP0KT8. ThefoUowlBgIsasnmmaiyofthefinancUJ;lottm^kite flouiMrfi^ofguineacomin atolerably condition.ButIj^S&iFlCiB'St. Jagoit pro- not theyi0tti~OOtthe family of Mr. Pebxihb had taken no precautionOct l.:ie68.$S1.3U olA prietor etmf imii, if such coald be obtained, would pre-LinsteaddoThe imderslgned cannot admit that, vrith the pass-Amount receivedBBOoeyiaedy^Ued.Tonkers is a metropolis to it.afterdeliveryEnglish• Proceeds of (Jospel and Schoolsent a coUectiDn of antique relics, a.isalittle mominga,when itsjustreEolutioD of Mr. ScMssa,upon the PreFident for Information In regard to theCaribbean ex- eaTatign ef grotesque architecture, half hiddenpleasantvillagelivelyIn histhe notice of his nationality and the pledge of the Pa- pal Government for his security, he was bound to ap-prehend from the mtentionat acts of the forces dangerand cocoannt trees. I don't knowanctly where the histo;i^an of fifty yearsthat he wished me to fur- nish him with an accurate and full list of the articlesamoog plantainamy letter,taken, with a view to their restorationwho have come in to buy or lo sell. Commend me to a West Indian market as a fit illus- tration of Babel, after the confusion of tongues. built in the magnificent style of Spanish These people are quite as anxious to sell as aidnCiKture." Inspected in detail, Spanish Town the progeny of Noe were to build. The sumagoataod Tefa, panaace,;when he looked upon Bt. Jago de la and described it as " a city of imposing ap-rugia:and added out the guil-entry It is one of It absolute right imperfect obligation.account,negieitftrakwilWite ering the=a9!OoosM- deptecia(i<in,butIfitwereIkesolecause,oreven'Ihei*.1^Isoertalalybeiowtteaetaaleoatte thatloaaatM T ebambermaU kaa been MbtM—MM nthon, wto amssd Urn «|| offeasivetweather,paltrypersonal 4K>ai^v«Iaa4industrysobrietynegro,gregations.was over If we assume the ported year 30,000.a more civilresidences may be found, and one inn, you meet along the road I speak exclusivelyfurther scrutiny some neat, quiet lit-people.from his own Government,o ports " properlythelastcentury. ThepopulationofSpanishTown ket-placemaybe heard a mile off; but there is noPapal Government occurred during bis sojourn;nence be tenable. If he had voluntarily re- mightofla about 6,000, nine-tenths of whom, I presume, quarreling anyIt ia their fashion to makethe following Is an exact translationliXGATIOM OF THS VHmD StATKS OF AHSBICA,that indicates unmistakablyour citizens in ttie cause of public education.—Their exuberance of spirit needs an outlet,There is a police force stationed in every vil- b'On tk* Southem coast, and the streets, though lege of the Island, and the white uniform andI(might fairly of accidents.in the form of thedrttuaof the Britisha region of primeval forest, and, for four railea^justice and reparation for a bmtal vlolenee of which ionfytsheelfsaonldiferasmiolfytheave been the vtctlms, at the handsPojie.slatemjnt of Mr. Psaxncs Is nearer the true coloring than that of his Eminence.past, ^Democracybreakingcarried off, and killing, under my own eyes, tha land-•;•well for an population.;guns,tractedpublic attention Incountry.yerj«ieee are reflection, thatto allto obtain through yoor Intermediation. Mr. Minister,^IJirfahTown. thepopulousand his readiness to the» atonement togetherTh. toUi Institutei during IS"stragglingfor existence—theofgreat Dependencytat it ia aa experiment not yet fiiUy andThe huts of settlers are thick as heretofore, and are buried incommuzUcationthe originalI inclose a copy of the receipt of Mr. PxEXiits, the,tried. It is an experiment which will en-my family, composedTrulslAtlOQ 1Feom tub Vatioah, July 26. 1859.Fuad4Mrlf.Aiieiy lemove the government of the island from •be eeattol of the planters—a control which forTheand in its steadof Jamaica is aPaaxnis, who, bv chance, were in Perugia on the v«y day In which that city was compelled by force to retain to the obedience of legitimate author-!waiting upon My "The statement referred to the dangers and damagesof State.I hereby ackaowledge to have received frtwi theRoman Goverameat. throngh Jomc P. Stooxtor. Esq.,States near the Minister Resident of the United HolyPlantocracycoffee, and com. Host of them have their horsesfamily,Hon. LxwiBCass, SecretaryWashington.—ia .head. I am not so enthnnastic a i)tmoetltaatobelievethattheprincipals ofoursalariesFor district quotss, asembryobelong Having emerged from thatunder the of the Waited Stales of America.aglsof thsfit to take on the occasion. Those measures, coupled^r ^ »"'"f/5?L"ir•6,766,in attendanoaofJaH»lca)Uh^ye«d_ If It bo a Saturday morning, the travalet will en-truth,eested to them to do so by an English family staving«a«nier,tor several milea, a continuou.These[TrmailAUoB —and In viewof all the circumstances, to reopenThere are*•twenty-ttrae e^*" "SJJ»*'f?,'^JS'f, l^tq't^SpaoialiMrs. DoAna. Mrs. Cui.vMaTuL.fA>n», Miss CLsvaurB, and Sfc snd a closet on the se- haveexpressedthemselvesentirely ttedlreiliMofn73^tJ«»h«lum»M,w^-»^«»^|pwdTown market most marTei-awvant, hid themselves In parties'aggrleved Mr. Paaans, were ooBtslaed in seven trunks ami mSi door could remain OMbsenred. satisfied.•-^p^ tUtjllfllii^i^J^iOedLjWiim.bnt thardp.BoVooau,In Jamaica. I admit, and ahall prove,ar-three gold watches, and an Infinity of precious H«affsir, wuoaDuringttie year 16$*,toSo soon as I will have beta ableprocure articlesthetonut themselvesstream of laekiBf winches, carrying on theirwithof whk;h areu'^at ciwUmtta th»i>tion, and grinned broadly.Ron,JuneZ4,1BS9.some were stolenprobablyin theDibdng' aa"Na Were they at workexclusive of dUes Is||Hi<M|KAnd*'k!?SA** ^highlyactivity oftadW-M^whether our nun could execute theI laboriBf it.V(A2,*tX23S To which must be added tba loss of all mf privatetaskthe aame consideration.some of these women where theirforend valuablePaacoii, June 21, 1SS9.the of a bamboo clus- through graceful plumage;pasturageJune,getreef, attacking the troops,—ter nowitIsa ofcotton tree,I do stretching its arms from hill to hill, that forms thethat''5*.l' .'?."? BodfliatIt Isonthosepainted'o '°® can onlygroveplantains, above itsorsomehugeandpeople that eveir reepsnslbU- Ity should fall, the blaclt colors In which the facts areaide and the ;special regard towardswhen compared with any specimen of the Ameri-orrobbed and I demand an immediate restitution of Roman|^ taag^M^MI sloppedhusbands andWhile the Indlvldaala were aoseemed surprisedbrothers were.Were IheyThe descent ftom St. Catherine's Parish, to to be comfortable. ICopf,]u na Holt 8sb,door,The winds along a stream, from whose banlu the hillsts!n^K>nce more in the sunshine, and at a suffi- cient elevation to make the air deliciously cool.gla, of which an eminent citizen of the United Stalesso caUed,—is picturewjue and grand. irai}yid»ajkaf» and foraign de- rise precipitouslyttSk AaL OQoriataDtif with truth, the prospects S'ttiPnUffi^Sn'fiie' labor can h« spoken ofand Us have the vlethns. . family provedAfter what has been when we consider that ncubkb ot school Hoimis. said,tiavder inTotantarily huiries on, fearful lest somecndden eataatrophe In this land of untoward con-vulsiona shotild bring the hills together and fill up parish, the chasm forever. againstia in St. Anne's—athatthe West Indisn valuation of aInlaw In 1656 InlS5»$«M««>were inva-riably clean. Borne were a mere frame-work of healthyand dilapidated, andabandonedthat five miles can be traveled, on anyJamaica, without seeing one deserted estate at the brought upingsugarproperties.S9,S15Cl.SIO18SJ83 ISMMntfUXHtmticular description to be readily identified.Land. Last year a bill passed the Leg- may be, of splendidly fertile land overgrown with bpatrha.gonsjand good feeling of the Papal Government, to which the undersigned cannot be Insensible, and which he hdoeuhbats tnhoet IwxlmUorbteo fruelplryeaspepnrteciated hy the countryas follows In the ciUestiitUillglB for the extension of the railroad fromTown (o the sea-port of Old Harbor, a I ot some ten miles. The Colonial Gov-i guaranteed^e Anheyto be expended in the workIn Qai'Ialand nor yet in England would capitalists^tgp^ioliu haa been raised to farther so import-.^t aaiindeitaking. 'Scripture and listen, without a yawn, to sermons that wouldl^itherthe house plantationThey sing psalms;theyquote;ment of Rome, and In demanding for them a just In-Iof com and vegetables, or ahurry sagesterIntiadacedbyhis Eminence as the result ofhis In-an interest of six per cent, ongroupof a certain for his neighbor's partialitythorities withoutyet neitheradrance money, and up to the present time not a these deserted plantations. They were probablyto the wife, as a general rule, no sense of shame to see her six children the off-;^^ taaa.8.288 lT.effT;wife it has ,the RhineThey are anywhere and everywhere avery least.melancholy sight to look upon, and need no par-sition of the Government of his Holiness to seek out the offenders and punlEh any violation of the military law wtilch occurred, are manifestations of the ustice768351 8S0,4»1 8M.73S SIXUT The nnmt>er attending the Public Schools lapatches plantains, dotting;settlers are always to be found clinging roundgivenof half a dozen different fathersthe reply of Cardinal AKTonxLU Is received, you shall be famished with full instructions on the sub-and the assurances contained In his the under- letter,owners of the estate or theirversed with many of these people, and I have been amnsed at their utter Ignorance of the fact that the world at large holds them responsible for the min of Jamaica. While proprietors say thatteachers are employed in more than on each, and are therefore more than once " atare too independent to workthat they won't pay regularly, which is a great:the honor,under date of June25,TotalIt Is fair tothenegroes;that this Is about the while maklna an Innocent the risk of his own life. Mr. PxxxiBg is deeply sensi- piled. In the clues the average payment toto aThere is, doubtless, truth in both assertions. when I see an abandoned estate still surroundedindustrious settlers andlikede la Tega as it was for- something jn-imathe with his famUy> Papal territoryThe undersigned cannotthis communicationplots makealongpausetodescribeSpan- by******* On the morning of the 26th of June, the second daythe view his Emlnenoe takes in reference to thecautions which were on Mr, Pixxixs.pre-reflkif v^^ ;peoplepassage throughwas assaulted and robbed at Perugia, on the 20th ofclosewithout expressing to his Eminence his dissent fromin England has abandoned them— the proprietor.whatever to themselves in putsafety, althoughfrom apportioned by State Super-:Under these ctrcimistaaces the tmderslgned does not feel called upon at present to discuss ths new mat-I don't thinkimdersignedr.JOt54,191the once filled spaceerage dUEcuIty. might involve an examination Into disputed facts, wereofby an uncheckered field of sugar cane. Negro the negrosents the acts complained of in milder colors. It Should this unhanpily not t>e the ca?e, as soon as which. In view of the prompt action of his Eminencespringor hire their little plots of ground from the impregnated;But the takes aatisfaction In undersigneO great admit-Total.'.he has been Informed since he had the honor of com- The above statement probablybom on them and are loth to leave. They buyI am. Sir, your obedient servant, LEWIS CASS.ting the noble coiiduct of CoaaAD VsLLotra, of whichwith his Eminence. Moved their en- ber employed In teaching In the State,that live from hand to mouth.laborers,/«<«< evidence that theonwhich is also its only market-place, is throngedMassachusetts, calllag perpetrated \ipoa an American family In theaccompanied It,Taxes. ..283 561,403enoughSaturdayonly street^withpeasantsat the attack andof Pe-the Covemmtnt,; $1,122,810'•r tk»the preponderating cause. It would be only raason- able to expect that those parishes meet apanely populated would be the fiiat to abandon the culti- vation of the cane.Jfjm dter tM batthe Hbrfoimance1st.roadinThe prompt return of the arUcles recovered, thepresent inclosure of the value of the other objects tak- Smoiuhaaiidlcasthuit. 19fl,(« iXSin 105.971 Bl,(SiI have con-J. P. Stocetoh, Esq., dec. Ac, dec. Rome.municating bytreaties, he was, as his Eminence states, the means ofthem from his comrades. In the preserving " language—been sent In to the Senate in compliance with thesr8.*l« in Mand doabt sameThe reverse, however, hap-Ut HtatruBka and2d. An amount In cash In said bunkT—o—t.a—l of the a—.c.t.u«a»l. laoussa *sUoBsIt*ail,nHsMdI .4^ YI Pxixni*r.at home ?cold and bleaknal mist and rain.moephere from the hot valley below is too suddenLrunoa oricanfamily who Inhabitednotremainwhole number of reported %'h ^Sfpr'"-ws s-Yi.-''-a^giiup wMMjy^pyyi'i i'' T"9"B?Thomas-in-the-Vale from our view as we continue and asked to ascend the steep sides of Mount Diabolo. Theclouds now rest on the summits of mountains at at tLe ques- our feet ; the wind that mshes to meet ui feelson which had remained openmostbamboo, with a thatched roof of cocoa-nut leaves. the horses are strong and the oxen fat ; vegetablesseldom take even In time of war.civilized nations, Women and non-combatants849jnraggedtheyplace amongare alvrays spared and exempted from personal Insult, His Excellency the M^inister of America, near theInl858 Increase.8g6,»lttIJjg^needed in a West India climate. tasteful and far cleaner than theitants of Moneague declare that no money induce them to live anywhere else.longer dilapidatedlandsAbout S P.to "" totentlon ofaa aeeesson thepensHoneague. a village lying on the northern slope ofcir- them are at times cumstances, for the hotel, built only ten years ago,committingof saeh quale Idea of the Improvement In straetama lamentableevents.everyMr. Paaxnrs and his fanllly are Indebted for theconseqneaceBut as we desire to show a which Is going on tkraogh the .State For aitw.quite as fertile as this.But the climate here issentlmems of bis distinguished consideratioa. GlACOMO CARD'L ANTONELLL(of a letter ad- Government on the subject of acta of violence and robberv committed andreturnashappyasthoughtheywere bythePapalaoldlersagainstacitizenoftheUnitedBeing exceedinglywhich had occurred on the 24th.ihay be required, the public faith becomes pledged For TLiebarcahreirese' wages Forfor their protection.of their ambition is to get rid of the little lot ofSix drepKd1 Inclose herewith acsiaa 3,HIi«mile.gives. t,the journey is extremely toilsome.:haveget a shilling or two for theirmewishing Rome,aTheymillionaires. I never lived among a more cheerful orEach man.woman or child tha',tle•och aa the adventurous traveler might expect to the peasantrymeetwfthaatheoutakirtaofJohnBrown'sTract massa,"andarespectfulsalutation. Theirspirits notastranquilasanyotherpartofthePapalStates.voluntarily, by the soldiers of hli Holi-his He was proper protectors.$2,122,81067ahearty"Good mornin'reason, when he left Rome, to know thatPerugla wasmetbyappointmentatLeghorn.GmnxTTX Stobts, the desolate widow of the deceasedness, who were. In fart,the natural and.. .$2.123,810are buoyant, and they are ever ready for a joke orThe fact of their avowed neutrality in the war made their territory a most proper spot for the traveller from a neutral country.masterFrance,a laugh, if you are disposed to bandy words withthe actual payments twelve months preceding,of July, having prepared the exact account betfsfit of guests with several volumes printed in them. The crowd collected in the Linstead mar. A peaceful revolution of tkt inhabitants against the sired by bis eminence, I forwarded < t to his Eminence,laiwt and and the table is famished for the clean,de-in thekind.their living by supplying the wants and neces- a noise and talk incessantly as why should they:Near the 1S5S). Holy Seat, Rome, July 4,be said that he himself assumed the risk He took the risk.gainaitiaeof Oovemment hangers-on, who constitutethe ottertenth. It is not, on the whole, an unin- and their only amusements are to laugh and gos. turned looEe on the uiuresistlng inhabitants that afterThe differencequired, from those in previous years,reports renders itThe atmosphere is cooler than itall the little resistance that had been made was fia-ished, in violation of the custom of clvtllzed natioDS, of Mr. Edward N. Pibxinb, for the materialvery oan<Ar, are cleaner and far better regulated than y* atieeta of Kingston. Both Houses were inw'WjTim whan I paased'through Spanish Townage******* The written statement of Mr. Pxainrs confirmsTheundersignedbut H fji^tt hereafter have occasion to explain the "tH^Mituai the effect of recent legislation inOS.' .His Rev'd Eminence the Cardinal Secretary of SUte.I the for further ^'.ttNjlUbpSilaynpsubject experi-anee. VorwillIdountoothersasIwasdoneby, - aai^vietimize the reader with the debates of theThe number of School Dlstriets ia ths Stala, In ";such a course wasnecessary, (as I had the honor of stating to the De- teachers duiing 1659, in cities, of tMJBSt 72 la theof anjtfHfciated colony like Jamaica, and especially asthMeieptaaentativesareontheeveofabandoning fiiairaeat* nnder a new Election law. With edu-this letter were the particularsofItwIU be observed thatalthoughif^ *>£•*»*,rtke representativesimpoverishedbecause the owner, who lived inAccompanying"fftfflil''^ itsmfancy over the whole island—inobedient servant,••II It best not to tbooghtdiatrirta almost~ir4M'lai^lyrepresented. Ithinkamajorityusual for Oils eovemmsnt, permitmyselftoengagelaadiscussionoffadswhichin the Cities, and aafSr-*mheonotlionpeadro.oses, by compariacm;Snot ?If the facts which are reported here are verified, 11The Minister Resident of the United undersigned.These were the risks against which the Englishimpas- and foraaer but the following items from tha r». with the aaaM afford an Idea of the advaaoeaeat of the cause of education in the last tea yeare, so £srblack visage of an officer nan be distinguished hereandthereamongtheLmsteadcrowd. They casesrecordedbyMr.Piaains—takes this opportunity to renew to his Reverend Eminence the assurance of his veryas it can be influenced by pectmlary expuidltare:but, more ornamental than useful, their official ser%-ice8 are seldom re'quired.Leaving Linstead, we travel through the parishof St. Thomas-in-the-Vale, in a northerly direction.„„Wethe huts ofmore settlers, severalciled, or who may be traveling If an hifuriated revolutionaryThewouldpassmanycall the atten- tion of his reverend Eminence to the demand that themob hadJamaica Assembly. The ability of meml>er8, with abandoned properties, and one or two estates still llstea to the appeals of these ladles, or the declaraUoaimderslgnedrespectfullywhile I was satisfied thatIn the amount to the paidguiltyoaa or two excepticais, did not seem to me to reach in sugar-cane, but cultivated negligently. It of hlscltizenslilpby Mr. Piaxias. it would have been be his duty to Insist upon a formal and exact replr onanof $19,556 64 in the clUes, and $1,870 81 to tta<eeven a pnmncial standard of mediocrity, and the -.^Mtadiaeuaaed were, of course, most uninter- (tea stranger. I pass from this topic theseemed to me, without any finish, as though Pover.ty was cramping th^ proprietors, and preventingthem from the barest outlay necessary for makingmoderatereturns. Oneestate,lyingatthebaseof Mount Diabolo, had been abandoned, I was inform-a shame on humHnity, and a gross wrong. But It has happened before, and will again, and finds Its pallia- tion IB the fact that there Is no order—no one to guide —no one responsible at the moment.this point.The undersigned profits by this opportunity to re-new to his reverend Eminence the assurance of hisI anxious not to Involve the country in any trouble In in cities of t2.t!76 69, and a tecreast In other see- reference to the matter, as the complication of Euro- tlons of $4,574 97. For school appantus, aa lauiaMa1Ibility of the act, feel ItHis Rev. EmhiencetheCardinal ofState. Secietary1thinkit unfairtocriticizewithofthemy duty to Insist peremptorUyed,could net afford to pay for labor.to say, of my own knowledge, whether labor couldIn the neighborhood, but my informant said it could. There was, at least, an abundance ofsettlers.beprocuredJOHN P. STOCKTON. Hon. Lxwis Cabs, Secretary of State.the Assistant S^rataiy of State, the undersigned In- closed the amount of the value of the goods which had been returned by CoL ScansT, leaving the bal- ancedueMr.Pxaxiasthreethonsandtwohundred and sixty-five Romoafn scudlt,he(3,S65.)apologlza as well as beEngland^ I am not ableInstruct me how to act in case of an unreasonable do-scudl for the inci- dentaldamage,whichsumIconsideredjust Afew In to a communication fromlayon thepartof the Papal Government.myoriginalletter. . .. „KMfilSInthej„ ^BVr^nv^niaij^f<"e $5,613-0:copy Papaland notSchoolFor Colored Schools....- •..;;iJSMof M^iandhis Mr, FsBKiBSinsuring;Statesfamily.440.961 75 154.423 27 414.513012158234Mn JOT at 77,5Bt» $3,033 K3 U aappearStales of America, near theof the demand olbis reverend EmineDce the Cardinalfamilyto avoid the danger of an attackthe Government while employed In the course of their duty In the service of the Government This—often not to be atdistinguishedhave seemed utterly indifferent the cocoa-nut trees which invariably surround few days quietly, when, yesterday. June 20, about 5 represented. In a light sulBclently unfavorable,the treesex-foliage of the plantain and Clivilahd and two servants. I had gone to the HotelThe undersigned. Cardinal Secretary of State,original of which I shall file In the Legation,iJSffiS ••''"^SJSJr-^r^I-Sall,peculiarthem. These mountain settlers also grow pimento,24th of June in wlilch was last,cept bythede France and taken an there to a apartment, spendlency, dated thebehavior of the Pontincal troops toward the Americanand the result approvedofbythe Government * *maythe name of " SwissIhiwH Tbajontotored negro, of all people in the tained of nearly the whole Parish of Bt. Thomas- I most be content to state to you, Mr.Mlnistar, that Such a demand coald not fall Is awaken the live-fatmhielyexiasntd- liest Inteiest otfo the Cardifnraolm, tuhnedbeerstigannetdh,ortatnidss,hatvh-amnm snrl officO'^umters are plentiful in Ja- the tree state of Jamaica cultivation. This parish ence of a secret recess contiguous to my t)edroom, imnogsthasctceunreadte agnadtpherre,cise paitlcalais, he feels him-wiUflonriah in any soil or in any way upMount Diabolo a splendid view can be ob-RegimentForfor losses iaetiTTed In Perugia by the pil- libraries for Indians.""^ ^ • ijjr41soldiery, l>earlngI woddLiaaKaiteuflyinfluencedbyabribe,andin-the-Tale.ItglvseastrangersomeinsightofmIyamowentitroelaymIonsdtebftoerdtufnoartetdhereliufmesotfanmcye—'.poBttMl "jmhside the punishmentof theguilty parties..•lpaegnesaotfiomny effecta aad robbery of my proper^ by the BFaolrance for contingent ^ip•or^tl„o_nm,en^t^s.Kib»•aperlment of popular raprssenta-donhtful restrictions imposed peopledbytheamvOaMtttntionofJamaica,shouldprovaat HisExcellencyJeaaP.8tooxto«,tabMikm aneh a Goramment as eziats in theThe dalm of myUUe aa aMr. Cass to Mr. Stockton.to 1,360,507 volumes In Get, IBSf.** » * * therefore,withafullsense*very high consideration. ' *JOHN P. STOCKTON.pean and Italian politics is so great at the present moment, that any serious difficulty of the kind with the Roman Government could not be unattended with Important results.shall,Sf«i oV$29,440 »to iiStoi andaU other InoUeatS: a-grows verylittlesugar.protest place bytiustlng In theNeither the vindication of their quality as Ameri- hss ordered raaearebes msde. In order to ascertainThe valley soon widens. Liostead, tlie principal the quantity of sugar that it actually produces. could check the brutalprayers tttst and car-law, and. In case It be so proved, that tha guiltyin SUThomas-in-the-Vale, lies in the centraof an almost circular hoUow, shut In by moun-tains. The road-side is studded with the cottages |6 to $10 an acre a year for land a sum thatThere is not atestate near theried offt>« subjected to the deserved he punistiment,fruit is luxuriant and ;;(he question tnms upon a dtizea of frieadly Power, To this commualcattonMr. Stockton to Mr. Cius. CBxtrmcu.]been taken to seekty parties, by orders sent to Col. Schiudt, at Perugia. tolerates It But when foreigners are admitted freelyLegatioh Of lai DsiisnAiisatoi,excuse should exist for delay, In consequence of the conversationinto a State, or have comolied with conditions thatwoccurre<f. «•****but the rights of all were reepected, and no acts of excessSiivia ofRoaa, Juae 25, 18M.rATHXBTS.$9(9t,35S863 58 •i,4atsi.TnTttaeregion of etersafe— aad amid the The nndenlgned, Minister R«atdentof the United coofusion caused by the event Itself. It was aotand the defenceless, v/lthout regard to the claimsthe tmarmedof the maitrt fholelloss which he by acts committed by the experiencedPaual troops at Perugia, on the 20th of June last.was not tobeanticipated.or were shot down In cold blood. The two sex,and the servants whoas you will perceive, l>efoie his eyes.In consideration of the fact stated to the signed,high consideration. *_ ^, JOHN P. STOCKTON...Paid for Teachers' wages $1 ,ail,ae6"enough to satisfy me that the mostof making immediate restitution, Mr. Pixxihsfixedmaterialloss,andtheexpensesdirectlyresultingmatterIs up present$1.71J,0M Uwaited —upon them^ occurred,under- on the 26th of June, by an officer of his reve- rend Eminence, that the Papal (Sovemment asxed for the exact account of the damage caused, with a view haa his reclamation at a sum which only covers the>t„ CI$1.44t,Wk W «I.M—O,i«S,Idecisive action Is necessary In order to protect and secure the citizens of the United States who may be temporarily domi-In submitting these letters to your Excellency, the concluded to the moment andTotal$>AB.«gi«intheRomanStates.therefrom.your Excellency While 1 felt it1849,11.3971859,CTrmiulaUooofCopj.]I tiavs ths hPoxnaoariouf, June 21, 1859.of no after the concession amraedeat.prBeustenthe factsIymopourtwalnUcefind in the inclosedtacrlue of »^?,»604tathermal tothe«- <iu,tri^t. iN-At this point the ascent of Uount Diabolo is com-rtetheir own advantage and to the menced. Tha hill is well named. You enter now as s cltizea sf the United States of America, to obula warded this amount to the Legation of the United pamphlet. In the published communicatisohnosw, that^i|i!B, JntelUgent enongb to exercise theMr. HiinsmOn the 2nh day July Secretary:addreaatag you,of State for- States at Rome, in Roman gold, with the followingwithof Mrs. PsBKine.Mrs. DoABS, Mrs. Clivblaud, Missstates From Stats S<*ool TaxSojourningPerugiar ceived regularly tte valued statement of your Excel-theand sin- cerely hope that the coarse 1 have pursued may bepjom UnitedatDeposit Balance to TteasuiTo'clock, P. M., the hotel was suddenly Invaded by a brutal and savage eoldlery. which sacked the hotel,v***.-^.^TuTM U ii *"'"*.o. rPju. ^"^—with the exception of three the most densely where I remained for fourteen hours, shut up with my self entirely convinced, and hopes that your Excel-01 tte a» whiehtte law aBpmla ^?femSi^a^ropriaJ«lf«l«rJj-toJin the Island—presenU, when seen from an elevation, merely a wild woodland, interspersed here and there with small specks of cultivation. Its general character is that of unredeemed forest; yet Its fertUity is so great that it is fully capable ofthe mother of the unfortunate landlord, so basely maidcred, one of his niecea and a aervantlency wLU also be convinced, that the statement youVUla-Coponl,In consequence be made of theStatesTheoneiaruled aCoancO.theotherbya sustaining200,000,insteadofthe,I6,000peoplewho nothing,whinchoniedawnodredr,edcoaunldcahrercikedtohffeosuarvaegfeCsscotls-, therebels,sadarrivednearlyoppositetheHotelandldCrown Colonies of Trinidad and British Guiana.;Pietro, amid a very severe fire,byCoon of ternu for a Peticy—aynonymoosdletr. situated nearly at the end of said street, now inhabit it. Bt. Thomas-in-the-Vale has, as I jewelry, money, *c., leaving us UteraUy with the lit- wFrhaenreelat,he Perkins were slaying, where theySept5,18M.thieir teeny«r.the Sia: Your dispatches Nob. 10 and 11, (with In sixteen yearshJ^i^^^STh?go-ahead deapoUmn, which Canada or Australia would notIhave stated, more people to the square mile than tle which we uid omnaolumrablodlyos.s suastdadinteod the Inclfoasme-dfamilywere obliged to sustain a more determined onset onvarious inclosures,) on the of the late gross 1,120 pupils, besides havNtoargm^OSch^j 120 taaahan subject An fawa^g.^ffsmlly.maid! ' Mr.Minister,ofthewhich itateIt Is then ascertained, after antbentle researches,Minister Resident Holy See.ofthe United Statesnear thebooks. Schoolareta^dly *»^»«SJP,}Sthe tears, the prayers of the distracted women ;which was by kept upDxrannuHT or I StATa, WASBHtoToa,Iof the saidhonesty family, while he(9 months)»I,9Wrefusedtodecisionthere has-been an increaseMr. Paaxiss, I added one thousand I have the honor to be, with much respect, your days afterwards. replyacta,yetruraldistrieta. Thaaggregateofei- pendltures for the objects ^^^^^^^paybody.I am Informed that the regiment to which those ure, aline of acknowledgment.Idesirous that no14111,118 40 »,;«( 43a statement of the by myfor gj, ingtant, but which appears to an- any other parish in the Island, except Kingston Uv a copy of wWch I left with Col. SesKts, command- Under this same hotel a soldier was killed and an read with ttie more Interest as the subject tuid at- tlass. Forthelsstyearthegraoucivilizedto the air of fore, worthy of notice, that in this comparatively a speedy and manirest justice, which I have the right with which the street was eneumbered even ondistrict, andand one that in- town of Falmouth, and of 28proceednroiAV Mnoot*''want oflabor his beenonecauseof.theIsUod'alielespanhaasdInRome at the ttme aftMrsogeointownsarelocated. Itiaafact,there-district there are far fewer sugar estates to claim in placing myselfnations,ofS'.''n?e*r'S."i.'h!Sr.S'srhSo"flsco»Iuct.dts«,h.r -quainttWtog hiU-tops, on a first rate in a com- aituated with regard to labor. Bt. Thomas-la- and ofiiy undivided conalderatlon.wlih the moderation of Mr. Psaxtss' reciamatkm,InddantnLmc- » ^>^„,,^„Md^thlt HSktroad,berins to feel ''-tmo.ph r-produce. th»»gh«wooded and rather swamp,blythe-Vale has a population of lU to the squaregetherat merly postmion,)shouldJ ,^fl„ gprt^ejet* -^litics grow dim, and one -^•->'Udin theIn present cultivation than in parishes less favora-Mr. MlaUter, the utterances of my respect, Your devoted servant,which had beenset and In the fight the proprietor was killed, to- with the promptness of Cardinal,u othermile, agahist a popnlatioDef 79 to thesquare sugarmile ex-Ths Minister of theUnited Slates ofAmerica,favorahleauspices, mightAut"^^°J^JS staff etoct, s^PTJ^nreKriberulesto aeeare gieater maintenance should also heanllipiLIn Westmoreland,the largest sugar-growing parish,family,composedcludea the populousIn Vere, another flourishing sugar<llatrict. •re facts which seem to requirefrom those who insiat that want of laborCo., baskets.":C„o„w.,] offrpin the said togeUier theGovernmentture,does not think It at this junc- necessary,principal of 102 intoTrelawny, ofprimsry necessity for my family and self. I wUlis thethesefaid to $4,'42Accept,poeaesalon up,largeflagfor Instruction,EDWARDNEWTON PERKINS.who was holding a gun alreadyand settled a transac- graveiatheringsto Florence. My address In that city wlU bs, '•care of Messrs, Maqdav, (McKay!) PAXsaaaa *In although It had been sug- safety,of State's note of the 26th July, so justly answered every assumption of a questionable kind that yourSSd ItoMTwhose'•flMtaiMlviaptaUaa. Afewofthem, "ole cause of the abandonment of sugar cultiva- eight carpet bags, toUetts. necessary, fdrssslag-bea- ^aSdleioftbefiiat battalion, Coaaan VaaAaaa, You will therefore take an early occasion^1 "i-^-Vw.w- » new appointmsnathan thdr fsllows, have donkeys tion that esT) In those traaks were all the clothes, jewels,his Emtnenr* the Cardinal of the views taken ByUntitled DocumentBabig mevwl ky the eatreatto* ef Mr. FiaonatMy aarvaiit man wsj nibbed tad iriudeted)—roadand form a narrow gorge. Every The scene, too, hss changed. The forest has dis- xiss, Mrs. DoiBZ. Mrs. Cuvxubd, Hiss Clxvsujis notwlthsiandlog, those houses which remained qolat, Is remorted at 11J18; being aa IncreaseTM «^themight be mistaken for New-York farms. At the denly invaded by a bmtal aad savage aolUary,. i.»»tttatlonPerugia, and at the Hotel de Fraaoetook afewaof some:M.,sacked the house; breaking all the furniture, plunder- Isg all that could be bome away, killing. In their sight, the landlord and the servant, wtio was waitingany(wonderfulfactforJamaica Uthebeatinthe preservationoftheirlivestotheluckydrcumstanee thedemandofyourExcellency,havingukeaconil- bscuhUedoIinfboahidagjPurebaAg^nii^^^^aadthat steps had alreadyis subject to the dlf cretion of the Government which•*,uc,Maeaanirle—soldiery pUlaged— ^jewelry, money, Ac., leavingitarypartieshands to you the corresponding sum of 3,265 scadl, for which be will l>e hupy to receive, at your leis-byThenuml>erof persons between the sges er4aa<to I took the post across the Papal territory to Sienna the nextmorning.While in Tuscany, I had the opportunity of receiv-ing accurate Information in reference to the affair of"So bs who promises security by a passport to anbringfamilyismorallyMr. Piaxiits and hisback tobound to afford It agamst any of his or forces, and to make good any damage theof School houses. viz.: Sites, boiiding. hiring,purchasing, repairing aadoftheHoteldeof the sad events which had occurred." saidfamilyhadsuffered,andaskedforredressbe-See, Forpu&lquot«iforedlans... Ji"-**^'* slity-fivescudlromani.Infull(brmyclaimsforcom- llbieries,asP«teWe *4l.-Kf^f0B_is not conformable to the received altogetherHolySeat, in consequencefrom the soldiers ofSchoolport of the Schools In 184*, compared items in liiiO, vrillbe arrested and and he believes It to punished,;partment in my last dispatch,) yet I felt extremely nual districts, $36,444 24. For libraries,: ncreasprecise of the facts which occurred la that affair.l1ibraries -value and booomlnt_accotmt of a greater number of rebels there standing.^jofficer wounded by the firingfrom the windows and roofwhich were also thrown large stonee and tiles,fl^ the following day. Irritated by the reslsunce, the troops penetrated br force Into the hotel, tookthisJ am Instructed by the President to express hisa discharged.Tha Perkinshave fortunately closedUon, which, under lesshave Involved the two Governments In a serioas mis-understanding.You have, in your reply to the Cardinal SecrdaryaadSrVM al- ^"'""'""^^dfnt" pSbltettstniotlSB *«rte*Sie*elaersneakof alecturers pen«es,wa>»4.9Sl «j^trlcoloredwith his servant, and also the stable-boy, (for-accept Airroxiui meeSng the expressed wishes of the Injured party,Carino MonU, a nffle and a half distant thedty. ConiequenllywhenthesoliUerspeMtratodandheardheraccount—ofresponsi-on ao immediate reply. X trust the Department will Mr. Piaxias' claim, to which, after consultation with facts and "new matter" which change the complexion country sections; aad forKt&an explanation The articles pillaged and roMb>bed from Mrs. Paxzm. to the hotefl,l» mother offamtUhye, hotel keeper, and a and continue tlie correspondence. esjMcially after the tttuctlng Indian chiUiM,aBi«ialIM I00 7Jsuying^. .soldiers is called the "Swiss He, besides, avails himself with pleasare of the belong Regiment."yearsreportedDlUlicU. T«^arerain and let in the breeze, and this is all that ia seems to thrive. I don't wonder, when the Inhab- traveling with his family, composed of ladles, for following reply, acknowledging the receipt of his thus reportedeverythingof hispackage and communication CTrsuslAClofi.)LiQAnos or lai Uanxn Statxs of Ahxxica, ROHt, Aug. 2, 18S9.wouldpleasure and health, who are attacked In spite of the declaration of their citizenship, robbed of everything which they possessed, and securing their lives only by concealing themselves during fourteen hours.:,year, for a longer or shorter period. TliaI passed a Sunday in the Moneague, and it wasa model of quiet and respectability. The churcheswere filled with well-dressed and attentive con- tsln, snestfaiid punish those guilty of the outrage. I to acknowledge the receipt of a commimlcatlon from Commlssioneis. The number of papOs bi altendaaea'amount of the claim of Ei>-The prices are reasonable, being two can Indian that could be produced, though it has during the entiie day. But church attendance that sum, together with damages for the lo«s of his WABB N. PzBxiBS for the material loss to himself and pupils. It would leave about 3OOJ00O perwtmMbePne shilling, and sixpence sterling re-lely. The cars are comfortable and the road to the superior race.They are perfect in their outward observance of the Sab-quite rightclaim of Mr. FsBxias and his family to the Govern-In the rural districts. TotalKxrxBXB or txaohkbs.it has not the laboring classes with any more reverence than they had in times past for the law curse of No, Sir I cannot go in bodily for your pet not Sambo's orHales signed sincerely hopes will t>e entirely uimecessary. Females'AMEBICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.THE OUTRAGE AT PERUGIA. Bleesage and Documents.,presumeW. G. S.theThe Ipllowing interesting correspondence has to receive a visit (Tom an officer of his Eminence.outrage Pontifical States,tome.InreplytosourcesTotalsTotal in citiesTotal in State» fa Jli»ofand stated to me that his Eminence, the Cardinal Secretary of State, had sent blm to sayport of his country, properly vtsi^hands, alikeland!Am'i raised by DistrictA mount raised by Rate Bills. AmoDDt received from all othercaptureof Theof foreigners and their efifects is not anSIreceived. You weredivided;;vate schools, outsidethecities,His Most Rev'd Eminence Caasniii. Antoxiui,of State.Mr. Cass to Mr. Stockton.DzPAaiuiBT OF Stats. Washington, July 27, 1399. Six; Your dispatch No. 10. of tne 25th ulu. in re- gard to the outrage perpetrated at Perugia, has t>eenin the promptly presenting: ]s4s. isas. isas. iskT " andemnity.It Is hoped that this Indemnity may not be refused,time school wasexclusive of cities, was 7H months, la 1859 tha ar-to the land of Nod. But emancipa-tion has not done everything. It has not cured and that the affair will be adjusted by the Papal au- vestigation, and which his Eminence t>elleves pre-The averagetaughtin theyear,ject,26,151 examtataiMr. Stockton to Mr. Cass. IKrtrscta.]LzoATioa OF THi Uhttid Statis or Ahsbica AIRons,Aug.2,18S9.of a communication of Mr. We were The number of teachers employed tteJune, by a portion of the Foreign Legion In the ser- vice of His Holiness.of the PublicSchools of the via. State,aaoxirts.:my letter,I the satisfaction liadbeen suggested to them to family."anofHe had my letter In his band, and the claim whichso by)is dis-(In the ddes steel was almost at our breasts." And some two In the rural\second floor, on the first,protectedMr. H. H. Yi5 DtCI, the 8d| Instruction, statai In tail Anaaalwhether any of the soldiers have transgressed the mil-I I ITotal In 2This amount. It isnat be remerabeied,taxes voliintarily lmt>o«ed.HCMniB or BcHOLABs HI ATmmxnts.enemysubjectsparty might sustain by a violation of it"for eipen.Mr. PiExras had a right to rely on tWe principle of latemaiional law. He had a right to rely on the faith of the Government, and had no reason to dread dan-fences, oat- hoofea, furniture, &ceiFor all the incidental pen.onhandOct 18M Am't 1,TotalsToUl in Citiesboundtoandteifciepnacteeolthe attack andresult of theTotal instate,Iflheamoimt remaining on hand Oct. 1, 1859, (atothers that I have in my possesston, willAPFomioiiKKnt01 SCHOOL"O"?*:^^^the the effects ef the Amer-night,the troops, being excessively provoked, respected, The number of school booses ta the rural uuEminence, I sent theU1.731en, with the assurance of his Eminence of the dispo- Le8.tlutit»onK>mh»....J«U18 JOySS 1»1.17 5 Mi.BSPixxias,dragged out of the room, and should have been in-" districtshe stopped his comrades when the hours afterwards, when the hotel "was again invadedby a timely warning he enabled them ble of bis services.I hadpatch No. 10. to state to your Excellency the case of by anotber bandMr. Edwaxb N. Pxaxors, a citizen of the United to conceal themselves, and pr^tect^ their retreat at of teachers emnloyed when all the scliools ithleegalplace consequencestheercise of such rights could not affect him In the legit-Annrtillie IaMi«eci«i •£ Aethe citiet, $1,708,347 if, Injured by an accidental shot, the position of his Emi- and in the rural districts, $1,956,370 01 ; or a total ia the State of $3,664,617 57—a liberality of expendltninmained In a town which was taken by assault itthe Interest deephaa the full of the case. historymy duty to act wnth promptness andwas mthe cardinal addsofthe hedeniesnoneofthefactssUtedby S2SS«falecreaseInthscitiesof•4SjM0»7.«ds^.As It was manifestly the object of his Eminence toalgreatated was^hi 713.861 26 $1,940,113Vwas able for the acts commit- ted, and his reparation had been so prompt and an.soldiery under the command of Csl. SaauDT, on tha ilOItnh Jwuinten.es1s850w.hereof, I have set my name hereunto,near Florence, Aug. S, 1859. EDWARD N. PERKINS.Total$i,sr'4A^n„$iGovernment, and with the measures yon saw^^gs'of teachers. ,_,-»^m to Informof tM» jourCojenunent dtoagteeableClUek600,625 attended school dnrfau tha Iwa nparts show l,S20 private schools, vrith an aiteadansaagedady no private rchoola are repartad,wUlatOw sima remark Is ai^llcable to the returns of several SebaallOmonUilsildonrElBonthsAndlcMtlianlOSmoDlhssiidlesitldaiS. II)«,1M 11I1.S1I ISMU IITJST 1«Totslltime was 7 3-5 months.The teachers employed within the last twofor six monthsor more. Is:onit had Balance band,.Intendent«.I4tn the close of the year,) be deducted, it will give asSwreand iweentheyearsoutrage on Mr. Psainfs (of Boston) and hlsfamily, at 148 SnSer-gradMtes. »^'_^ this latter Peru^a, have t>een recdved at the department, and per «»»« enter the CefS^fSuatss nu-beredM.In,^ b«Bera«^ 00Baae«5«».aeexpenses;Paid (or Ubrarits and School Apparatni„aS.for Schoolpurposes darug11.621.Compared vrim 18S7. (the last fall year repoitsdjTh^Ve ForthepaymentotSchoofCommlsstonem'tchools have nisirrotioMa monprw tmAW itcrasSCHOOL LIBBAJtm.H.iU tf.9n 81.711-en«w and the amaont MMamrrvna.. lS6Mthy now re- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 