 *.i Ureal Briaia on be forwarded by that sight's mail to postal arrangements they lfta.lt en Thursday This • '" for Cork has left athereforeenteredof theGreat Soothto w a s ssjBMJtoJ tratoU A. M., aad to ran ) in four baarsaad a half.t Cork is only theas itfromto twentyon board theCa P. M., givingtt arnagetaante. (arrangements thers c between Ka- rmuaadAmericaoftwtaty-teMfaeonatpresent,aadi» 'tt>-eight from Ssssamaer aext * aw iisoj'itt'StoBBraajasowssalligiatr.i". there w*a be a gatsia another court in the city, or in the Court at Appeals. and then only until such aa eadageeaeat w sSKaarged,or upon proof of the absence ef a witness duly stthewaaad.Faroes, by consent, may apply to the clerk anil have any cause reserved generally, and set sown for a par tteularday,beforeitttplaeed oathe daycalendar;aad may.onuliag with the clerk a has consent, have the same placed on the say calendarpJaaatol Ctreail Caaasstor.At any cireeit, until further orders, say csases belongiag to either of the following classes, mav be placed on a Special Circnit Calendar, unless the trial a likely to oc- cupy ajare lima one hoar.1st Where Mm action to oa coatract, aad the s^ssrer merely dsntta the allegations to the comptoiat, wdriout setting op any new matter.M. Where the action tt on coatract. aad aew matter Is in the answer, and there shall be reason to believeto made only for the purpose of delay.s asm at nearly foar hours <oi God by people of aa] Ftiwr.—The harbor of cboote. Thto mw a aareform, itriuging of head sad niiaaliBtag asm with instant death if tor de Ban Antonio arrtved at Cteafnegos 2$* hwtaat Tbeythe Bagltoh aa.! French imneral Post office depart- dosed mails for t t o United i Parte each Xtteadey ewemag forOB tae following Thursday will ba at Qneaastowii, ao as to be forwarded A m there to Par*, Francs to tana I t * first foreign country that baa, aa y«t, taken advantage of the saving of twenty-fourhour* effected by the transit of its American correspon it to expected that a simitaraad "Poliuto'-'sbe i triumphs. The B a enthusiastic aad foodef the«toAsmmsjixsTIn aa subject by t n Itthat the oondtytt of toe;»oo great to admit of the pavteg fm October—First part, by Judge Ingraham; second part, as S M M 4 M roubles. Although Sao by a Judge from another etotrtct. foretoldwoolsbeallOattoaiulm,the November—Firstpart,byJudgeLtionard.aecon1part,We, the undersigned citizens sf tods Stole, beg leaverespectfullytopresenttoyour honorablebody,thattheState of Maryland, in all her varied hitoreshi, sepal andindtaanai, essentially demands firm a n d deoarre iegttterUcn oa the subject of our slave aad free negro popula-tion, (sow amounting to 90,000 or more,) are to the mamof idle s a d depraved habits; that they congregate in thecities sad villages, and subsist by theft and the perform-ance of short jobs of work by the day or hour, and thatthey will take no permanent employment; that we havea large number of poor but worthy white citizens. who uid gray charger. The Candesa in her carriage waa aiati Collection ot Aasesameats aad the Board of(raffle TIM opiniou, th.*Jono_ First part, by Jodas laoaara; second part, by a ms/ato raletee, restoration of his mate or anotherIt to good toss matters are then. Let the Caar learn jbythemyriadsofaiavosathtodispoeal,isheiadiviauaiiaalowedawillofhaown, at of ether maaarea far facilitating thethe Americans hoaueu one either red or blue. Que mer- to leave the Stat* tor the West and other sections. It The'officers and men of the voluntanoa of tins city haveat b a armies. For what ether purpose, in raflwayaservemthisempire?theJudges:June,JudgeIngraham, July.JudgeIngra- merchant,ifsuccessful,clanbeduponthehouseofthe workspwellASthewaite*twhichwedeuy),stilt*that AdaPhilipsasNancy.wereadmirable;sotoowasoSr tianeftheCoaacilBoard,theirconsulrealpowermthe ham. two weeks: reetdee, Jua^e Leeward Angust, Judge V- S. Consul and cut down the flag. He escaped to the wouldfortiisti no justifying psi'a ss against iho necessi- oldTrlend Gasparoni aa Sir Tristram, in which character proceedings or the Aldermen shall be trssaforrod to theSarwiee. •BOB TSAMamaaioN OF THB MAILSTOPOSTLAJTD.ffrem the London News, Nor » ]tb-Bierrow {Wednesday) a vast change in the postal betweenEuropeand Americawillooaae The arrangemente connected w .;h thishave beenasubjectofnegotiationforsomeUse the BosSidneySmith,Postmastertidcera*ifSutherland,twoweeks, residue,Judgeingraham; *v?b tem'ner, Judge. Sutherland. two weeks, residne, all the Judaea; October, Judge Leonard; November. ...1 the Judges: December, Judge Sutherland.The Judge at Chambers will continue to hoM th<> same toaad,DeludingtneSaturdayprecedingthefirstMonday of the succeeding mocth, except when otherwise directed heretoAllapplicationsforbusinesstobetransacted atCham- bers aad special term, must be made to the Jodg.- asstreet where,to companywithothers,hedraggedthe Ui'tand'merestsoftheporwhiteman he,to mytaste,surpassed anyofbispreviousefforts: eqo&ilybalaoeedBoardofilupsiiassa,ssMwbest tBmgnag, trampling spun it and shouting •• Inaarto a lox Amen s'r.cli' s ;;';ea is insulting to our citizens for it would but of Los Stnores Ernani, Gassier and Martei. I cannot the repuhlicans can have to give voice in eawar'" Asseen as theflagwas gone, the Gondii bred a base the tustiacation on the ground of eq laiuy between say a word of praise with troth; t!n-y sang oof of tuae, the legislation for the cityrocket, when Capt. Porter seat a boat and took him >n the free negro aca at;sun. Thai rute would be sound as time, ana everything etoe that was amiss. "Me-lea' fcsbeard . but long before the Consul reached the snip, the" bctwnfljt al! citizens, but extramely unjust as between nor promised UPahnrtly, in which Cortes, is sail to excel, flrich enoughofTherewassgrand paradetetofJwBwaW.ThetworesjVments from the Morro Castle and Cahsaas fortificauonewere brought <nvr to attend i t The valnatsrtta of this altogether with the stage men aad their i city were out in full fe.ee. Hw Excellency the Capawn George Law and atossstosaary prsss General appeared to gnat advantage, •sjyussad on aapien- asaasBS wall w sessiiuaij bo a avV Jodee from another district.falling due in 18S0, toe waul , Third Meaday of September—By Judge Leonard.aa good, and a safe conduct to the Una. This aw Excellency was about to order when be was drawt. atooe by Thomas Robinson, the Prelect, who uiuucea him to positively refuse the Captain's demands. Here Capt Porterpolitelytookhisleavo,preparedhisani;> toe action, htnkwi bar broadside close up to Guaymas.SupremeO F COCBTS AW» JTDGBS pom THE TEA*lbbUFirst Monday of February, Judges Clarke, Iagraham, Leonard.First Monday of May, Judges Cterke, Sutherland, Leonard.Third Monday of September Juiges Gierke, Suther- land, Ingraham.FirstMondayofNovember,JudgesClarke,Sutherland,Mr. Justice darken same ia isaertod for 18*. If he should go to (be Court of Appeals, the businessbe performed t»y theof October,byof December, by Judge•First part, byby a Judge from another district.February—First part, by Judge Sutherland part,byaJudgefromanotherdistrictpats, By .lodge Clerk*. second part, bya dtotrict. _by Jndgc Sutherland; second part, by aJudge from another districtMay—Ftrst part^ by Jedge Iiigrsham; second part, byaad preaented Capt. SweB to bis Excellency, who lucky citiiens. the corn crop has partally failed. A n regretted, because it may lead man early resignitioa sf. the entire sesatos aad distract hto sawstotoB from hiby a Jadfe frees aaother eanwtetiby the directors of the great Ruaso French company December—Firm part, by Judge Gierke- second part, iiifdxming the Governor that he would bombard theIt a asiso known that in the country those free negroes will not hire by the year, (with but few exeptions,) as laboreas to our farmers, but lire mestiy by disoonesty and by the aid of saves, whom they corrupt and preferOBthe ground, aad sttrartad universal admiration by herwinning smiles. Hto Excellency to acting waaly in thuscausing the voiuntarioa so early to exhibit their militaryproficiency before toss as BOWthe novelty of the tiungbaa passed sway, their military ardor was fast dving out The movement which was made last year to divide theaf obtaining the sanction o f the British fogwl.TtiLias.Mr Snstth, accompanied by Mr AJTissues of fact already joined and triable in the city of h:a Excellency.id dnring tae mat fortnight. The reqaaitc on Friday last, and, comm-acmg line of steamers will carry lettersthe calendar for the enaiung January circuit.Dunm: the ttrst week ot that circus mot ms to correctthe ca..iuiar may be made. „After that week the calendar will remim naehaaged.Governor's concession waa delivered m writing on board r hut not being fully satisfactory, tne time was postponed till next morning at 9 o'clock ; but bright and earty the final answer came, granting all, and more than was de-lw crowttedl to its utmost capacity. and unheard of j.r:ces wdl be obtained by the speculators for boxes aad 6ea-s (be walked down towards the river aad returned back again about five o'clock, having in thai go WHBam Pbiiipa, a colored mau, otnerwwe known « Ktejgar BUI, and who, it is conten;:.*i, has resided at Sergeants Bluffs—a townsat only between Great Britain and British America, boiEurope aad she whole of the w-meern, oosfh- and continue the calendar for every* sucoeiajve cir:uit, manded.But the vast bulk of our free negroes are foreign to ailhabits ef industry: and live by stealing th« fruia of thewhite ajan's Sweat and toil, w^en ho 16 quietly asleepThey drift about from place t • place, vitiating tne slaves,aad often act as agents of abolitionists to aid in the selling at the wharf at S3 per hundred. The speculation directly opposite here en foe fowa aide ef the river—for, aad s conaioerah** portion of the southwestern until all the causes oa it shall !>«• tried: each cirrait be-There is a obrgo ef oysters from Norfolk, to the shell,Capt. Swell was immediately inform*".! of his release escapeSf slaves, for which they are paid by emissaries is so profitable that I 'earn it is intended to have a regular nearly three years past Dorsad ulalmiri that toe negro<* asaowa until a s hour late asuKh oa r-iursday after- Utttewmw. Taeirerews of four thoasaad men are seat-a -m to reettve-ta* pr«sof th >'.8'-uth anl Gmtiasata! •:s »,aswattasabastate oftheeotfcm,floursadlawftMietts,aretowUtfii i -*•>» #Mpfwm "aw * aa!ai^ag stars fiat Osse tofole »Cape Cod, aad the UfasiIbagreatGloucester fleetlorat,iefor thewmter manyaKewprivate gentleinan ccstonsve know foe name of the sba» though I have Im -To hand,Xm.» SttWc.LMl Mattowvwyaas Croat skited:—-Anegromentvrestyfomyears ofagebra sl,7S», Bssrs a a a lamtj itajbt years eid, *1,«6; boy~ —^ • " ^~_ K J ^aw> aamsv. . _. - a. •. J ^ ^ - fWsteiBSjBl •MBJSJWBB thaal I I VZSBBBT* WMSTBBSBB awaawl C w a s l . WSSS^WSSBTSBB taWVO- aSbaWSBBSJSJI. ^^^^SBSBP w^WOfra w ^ ^ fWWas^^ ^^^m^^^^^* ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ -, jtythreeTessa aid aad cWtoxsMaths. brought »l,5fl2 mBS^yearToki, •i; girl etovsn years oldtPhl, prl A nr years old. girl five years okl. w3» boy three ye»-s old. SCfl. aaa MOST asm SBBB WASBTC —.The Wtototoaig Jeaaawisajs—Weuaderstaas ttow m paBBaaot of the •overfeed proposals for teatog coavlct lifoar, at_ the Ofo.abaaaasihweofaTwagaba• wawmtowawttwaiwaters eflasgstfaadriver* Uwreasr, Bytawroamhadto earg wot sight of between Bee aad atx any*. By am other • w W vwwato wsssssfkr s aWwiwreaBwr w^artwreawdbHteeamval.M 'The nar-waon sf law St Lawrowee bstag matthreeo'clockinthemorning,the Coronercametome and said that they had comfodad to have the bodyetstt on shore, *i"4 to havs a post BBfffr*iit tWHWrtliiiaj,,•usdrequested av> to have ft sent at seven o'clock; a sthea stod tow Jary » a M some of th<> sranwers «mt onshore aa wane.;* *. to winch I repiic/1, "Mr. Coroner, yeat n m had afl' night to examine every person on basedUntitled Documentship, sad every fatality givea jfss, tost ysat)aBwsAlBt test save -—The boot and" shoe market is report- vervdaU Baas swan so for*'me months, and' ly to revive atoma. ;*he West is wellsupplted,,.ftwt»death.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069V< Kurope aft T<1 woec. «;ru»l Tr-^mkBa:iwa#sf |imscdsfrom that (iuart.-r are expected before Nee Knglasd trade to quiet in toe exotemeBt will umoarrsss bususayft*ton pre UittkPraBttcataf!cay for eash osj_^to Wood, WU.WKirfc oaAow theginciag on the calendar where the immediately precediag circuit toft off, and aew causes to be placed in order at the foot of the permanent calendar.was his property, having escaped from him little better than a year age: aad. having foe proper papers, obtained the asaataaee of Deputy Marshall Creakwall in efieetiagCaart.mi wte,esalone "dodge isworthyef doubt will receive das attention fromas he same near being " its instrtnaeiSjJJjyty. I refer toby sundry atacers who havsaflairs. [berefof Mr. Galeges. the political opponentof the Hon.Otero, to Mm serious detriment of this tet-ter gentleman; in fact, so far have they carried thisDwarranted interference that the question sf tots hasbecome, when inquixing concerning foe views of a politi- cal aspirant—" Is he for or afjuuat Mm military ihnrIMef''—not wast are hto vttws oa pstatcalSince the new judicial arrangements hare been made. we haws experienced but few e l the beaefita which were expected would now from a measure so well calculated to i-rove beneficial. That such tt the case does not prove that there is any radical defect in the measure itself, the blame resting entirely with those having the charge efThe hat of the district court waa held at Tome, asmsltotoiwn oa the Rio Grande, about thirty miles sooth of Alhnquerqne, Judge Boone prstraiflg. The criminal docket was soon disposed of, there being but two eases readytor trial ese for abduction, the ether for "ajrera- vated assault and battery." In the latter cause an*r>tHcerbeantifal' i, Beautiful aaby the masmtawsat beauty of the Oondesa deifoposss to give a baestt for thebe greased here before theckwa parry drvalsB of MMall their favorite measures. W an in the aewof the lag..ami. he must have all htodamaaito acceded to or be would «o aboard aad resort to the "utttaw)la short, the ttovatwai uiaatow all that Cant and nw party ahouid be patosatoai and proteeted.the Cnttrd States Vice Consul acknowledged. a n d th*- to-flytowcansator flag assaasjaaj Dwlag this confitteam atoateverde tost his aresileacy, to a a under tans, to "give taw mast afl he sesasaws, for van might as wall try im pnil * j»nkata tip hill as ta aarrc him-"' 'The Governor soon paid an official visit to Capt. Porter, and was receives ia the meat dtttmguUued manner, aad wiiharauosal salute, which was returned from the fortSome TWIOUS persons, to raise a dlstm-banee, kept shooting at the Omaqlar flag, the balls awwatog amongsi the people withto, and defacing the. coat of arms wanat, still grataIiceeton Iridsy evening.,at lite TseonTheatre, ia creating a aswThe repabr-wiU always testing atogar Kew York/or desire to call gfamasa.aattto haduntil after JOB*stttoBBBs aatos the seratioa Counsel toBBSf Maya pases ta at wont ate the etemenSfla the Biaksteee Weed,clique nswat a food deal elMayor Weed. Thisss the tost ta realised foat in Fernando vigorous master hand a fob at the atam the broken Sown andof toe State. The meites of tawtemporarily gratified cratujuntahere,aadWeedhasgivesoatthatwhitet latter at to be treatedgard, their fears are to be turned to a ] work of the session.On she ether hand, the Peteringenuity to net oa foot a aaveatsatto iaad the lobbies, Which shall annoy Mayor Woodwas informed of the nature of his mission, but as all banbeen amicably arranged, as Gov. Peequeira assured Capt.Ewell in the presence ef Capt Porter sad the Unit-ed States Vice Consul. no formal protest was made.aad aa Captain Swell would return to haidea of the extant of this iirtsforhiae may be formed by baas ins that this capp is relied upon to furnish the fond, as well as the means to obtain cfothing for thesethe high edtos her husband sow holds, ia which ^ midabte preaeediags ssjstosl pointed at Byrecuse. ThetheaMeivea The only reply they thought 31 to vouchsafeto M. Stoaaw*was an invitation addressedtotheshare-holders to ceane la the assisea of the concern and inspectlha beaks. Atlar watch retort forctMe, tt ia no wonder and the sec; id part the even numbers. In such oases a e:gn merchants pacing their BBSS over their stores, while rent forms, and thereby force our poor white renters thusiastic as ever. toss everybody hi SL Patoraburg swears by M. 9tasoCby a Judge from aaother district. Wheretwoetocaitsaretobeheldatthesametime,thetown to three hours if ato demerit were net acoedeti to. To all appearance, every preparation was made iur battle, the women and children all left town, the for-first part f i S take ap the odd numbers en the calendar, panel ofJarom wtll be summoned for each partto marry. That a fewer them, compared to the nmss,They have began to tiro of pteytog at soldiers, though I doubt not, were a report of a tbwaiassd invasion of the tttend agate arculated, w e should had them quite tn en-Mpria' fsfja for awsawtttotot awstsas.FirstMoadayofJanuary,byJudgeGierke,flmMoo- day cf March, by Jungc Ingraham: first Monday ef April. byJudgeIsaaard.firstMondayofJune,byJuureSoto •rws4; stst awawtop ot aasaawv, wywwsswwwaawq a n t Monday ot December, by Judge Leonard.ranksofGov.rwjoaetta,underthecommandofbidoideat son, Don Thomas, the Prefectthe Governor sent off an officer soliciting a little m<w»consulateonlyafractionofourvastnumberof free. nualsalarytoaidSpamtothewaragaaatMorocco,but partisansandformidableinterests. OtBeraasaaureaare negroes, but the efieet upon the poor white laborer, the offer was not accepted, because there was no imme- te!ked of which may yet take shape, bat which are not renterand mechanic a-diaastrouB as it a unjust. Char- diate necessity for it nowspeeatily urged. The abrogation ef tits Beard of ily biaatid Usgm at home first,^aud we should be just 01 the representation of ••Martha'' by Msretaesj's Counciimen a looked apoaas a.probable thug, since theWineaHs in tXNsT tor ttit?in the war with Morocco, aad offers theTestroTacontotheSpanishcompanyforthe sweeprngmajorityofthewill be promptly mauo for Belgium, Prussia, filth, tto coatptototsf thto, the Ftefeet ptve stringent or oi the army. Lieutenant Treacey, regiment mounted ri- Mm Imnimgtf Jtojsass, ate.aa«t ttwwboto of Sfortbern Germany, which (but eepe- aally Hamburg awl anmea) mamtatoa air immense cor- reeponde: ee, bath commercial and ameia], with the West-ders to prevent their repetitom, then they stoned th- Capaun's gig: to prevent this the Captain ordered his crew to jo armed and to same the first offender, which they did, but were overpowered by numbers, who rss- eriedtorngntity aas. Then Cast. Porter demanded the PrefectshouldkeepbatterpoliceaadprotectallAmen" from oisult and injury, or he wouid estabitthaa ef ' police treat his ship on his owe responsibility. Thewere promptly complied with.About this time Capt R. a Swell, United Skates Army,•ed from Fort Buchanan, eommissKuied by the United on the same business as Otpt Porter, who aesom-lies, was charged with beating a ssldtor ever the head with a sabre, cutting him, to., and afterwards mattreat- -ng him in sundry other ways,-to aB of which the Lieuten- ant plead guilty, and was fined thirty setters and costs and set at liberty.• TherehasbeeneomwdarabtesaideoBcernins;thegreat Navajo expedition, much more than a dozen such foolish ifftaoarss.aeserve. After five months marchmg. with anskirmish, at aa awMmsas expense m the go vemment, the only persons who has profiled by thepatonta my friend Weber.To aad to the many mJirhspt experienced by our unThe creoies of this cftrare literaOy gone crazed Be cause the new Captain General baa visited the chief mar ket place aad pronounced a to be tea filthy condition. and because he has declared the streets of thto city to b e narrowandinconvenienttofootpanamigrri,theyimagine he a about to follow the example of Louis Napoleon at PanE—widen their streets aad beautify their city.The Condesa de San Antonio ta SBBwBtoasd to be much dissatisfied with this her native tote. Otto to touch to beUw American Vaiou.of the American Union. In fact, these steamerswill prachceliv perform the petto! service formerly perteesatu by the Collins use of Catted Slates mail steamers.with thto advantage—that whereas the lauar onlv ran After the first week of each circuit (during which mo- dented outrage, winch is to direct violation of the laws of to vote ahem large supplies ot money for their support from Regie, which will prove a source of great wealth to hto arrest The negro at the tiate he was taken was on a easeafortaightfromeachsideoftheAtlantic,theCans tionstocorrecttaecalendarmaybemade,}tirecalendar nations itisaseleestodisguisethefactthatslaveryaadfree the.discoverers. sandbarinfoeriverincompanywithcaptainHolimaa,be a attar gam et twenty fear hours, fat- where the counsel a sctosllr eagsged in a trial of a csuat.have been successful only tor the timely interference, of Capt Porter.The Americans in Guaymas united in a tetter of thanks expressing their deep sense of gratitude for the protection sitorded mem by Capt Porter, andfor the bold, energetic and successful manner in which he obtained the release efour accredited Mmttter,CantSwell,thus preserving the honor of the nation and the credit of the navy to a manner worthy of the high confidence reposed in him and ot the name oi ma illustrious sire, tto far net a point has been lostPesqueiras government is in a deplorable condition. Every financial scheme devised by him has signally failed, because no faith can be kept with i t His agent has goae to California to raise $160,000 by mortgaging the customs of Cuavmas, already leaded down with preferred claims to favorites.' Th« project for irrigating the lauds has faded.OarAcarmco, Mex., Dec. 12, |SM.General Alvarez Arming far theasCsmwMw.de/flto A4BOM» Gmrdaf the Army of tae Smtk—The Jaasss aaa atop aad afltor tjaal laws, ate. Fart of las anas for the Army of the South, underCt-neral Juan Alvares, have anivsd, and the rest are exState would preserve her integrity aa a loyal ally o f the South—-u* she would remove the horrors of bouse burn iogs, pstoosing ana servile strife in her own bosom—she wtUaMpshfree aegrottm throughoot her b3rders at the earliest possible period.Wetfsjereforepray your honorable body to pass tew? ensiavaagourfreenegroesforlifetoourowncitizens.to be accompanied by an exemption from sale under execu- tion for debtWe atoo pray that a strong military police for each elec Hon district hi the State may be appointed to execute aud enforce all tews upon this subject and the slave iawa of this Stale; also that a universal pass system may be adopted, TarkJOB other essential provisions germaiu to this subject will naturally suggest themselves to the wis aom of your body.For SBof which year petitions, s s to duty bound, will ever pssy, am.OB THB UMtSSB STATES bABD OFTTCKWe have passed a very bad night for Noeke Baaaa thestreets were filled, the bouses empty, not a particle ofhuman beauty that was act afoot for the churches, aadto be seen of men. The consequences to-day—achingheadsandheartsfromtoomuch devotiontofairspuito— sad rod.The steam tog Decatar has been wrecked near Cape 9an Antonio—crew and officers saved, and arrived here a lewCrusader, Gnited tt still bareaad ear holidays. Conwsl General w a s received with usual salutes on board; affieers vtaited foe palest, and were nqoored and oour tsated by the Captam-General, previous to his departure for TriHsitawflWe have nice times. Serrano means to be popular with this people, aad with a beautiful wife and extensive social (notoffleial) hospitalities, be w.91 be—till eves Concha may be forgotten.drumming op the ••fnead& ef liberty,' aad abjuring them by all they held sacred to retest aay attempt to re- move the negro, even to toe bitter and. Bat foe akttsasa of this pace love a w and order as well as liberty, sad prompt y frowned down all dernonstratjoas of mob vw teaee ItosBSSssjaaaBsPy waa tasssrsdto the pteae, wn-manarmed ahotitionaato,from assasaaaB Bteaa,aaI I the town aad surrounded the hotel. This was about «gbt rr'rfrnk in for iinatof sort thn first Intliaslkai inn iilllsssagro We are happy to stats that the somas ii mas pf^ieaxav'afew sao- raasitef a s Iitsiiiisliisi, sad te "tot the tow have itt < bat teaatad that the trttlDurand tert so confoteator •a tbe tried in an hourb y afllJavit, thatt h ecauseTHBBis Sxceuency. lbs Captain General toad the Ciavfoai.Where i t shall app=arTo eaoile the caaae to b e placed on such calendar, the a notice of four days to be at Chambers, that he will move to aad ifthe atouoa be granfod, the eanae may b e Uearu on say snhseqimatFndavIT tae motion b e fsaaded on MMbelief that the defenceto for delay, ainustits mast be served at the thaw sftotowClerk of the Circuit a tike notice one day betore,each Friday, contain be number s f tae ssase »a the General CircuitCalcadar.V the esass shall actsaBy occupy more ttotn-the Court, and the cause be pni dowsaUitefaHofthes f <SJBM aoatott of the year shows a toadiedaadfiftyvaa- ap at that port After asaaajtoa the 'the gatosof taaStLaar- reaee for the past ten atenths, they are ass? at ratofor abvltt.madetheleastaotae. Thenextmomenthesassadto,bed cord vaitaa slipnooee, around hie left wrist (Mr. B. hasMr. B.Bright foot, tied his wrist and ankle together,aarstog the cord around hto body aad across his mouth: sstd aad a graud asreaade given h a Eteww he then bound him to the tegs of the large writing daakwhichsisIIilsiathesameroom, aadtothatconditionleft HtoSxcelteacytoevhieetiya* bimlymgonthefloor,facedownwards. Hesvraugover Hetook,htoasssstare from taad saf.5 escort to the line, with all the mules he desired , but he entered h a protest, abandoning ail to our govern mem to obtain redress for Una unheard-of and unprece-from foe North, vThey are a burden upon as, ftiliag our county jails, testing us ueavily for court charges, and fiasJly are sent to the penitentiary, where we havesupply ef the bivalves here ail the season.A mine oftin is said to have been discovered a few milesbe will he sashtod its build up a character for priiiulBsatsssn in the1 people. Cms tortillas, and occasionally a little oonae, goodness and greatness that will awssaad to all pare a revtoton of the cityiare of right entitled u sash work, bat are superseded by such free negroes, to the great injustice oi such needy whitestThe campaign against the City mspeetor'srenewed this year by your city dotaas; teaand the aawaaawsaas te regard to reorgauixing the Crown Board will amount to aaytning a doubtful.Law DesattBteBt will be renewed with mere promurr in the next mease The aim will be to create a s ofitee of counsel for the Board of Sspervaurs, whs shall act atoo as Corporation Attorney aad be eatnated with all suits •mi ssasaasBBga aaess lbs ndiiaichant. Juan A. Robinson, •iaimia'r to bean American, and is atoa; known that some of said free negroes, enter subscribed $3,S84 towards the expenses of the war ers, and, perhaps, the l e a Governors s a dseekingourprotectiouforhapropertysaddaughters, intotatties andmecbanam.ofvarious Kinds,tothe againstMorocco. Boards.whilst be encouraged his son, yet a miciw, to i»ia the great tojory of our worthy white mechanics. These The Postmaster General tendered one-third of hn an- These objects I know to be bssstad ap by prominenttime; that, he was writing out a com piiaaee with CipwinJscwary, Jaaas Leonard; »>bruary, an the Judges; Porter's demands, which waa granted ; shout this time a to our white citizen population before we are so generous opera company, I regret 1 cannot speak in the terms bf republicans bswe tried and failed to keep coatro; of tt byajpsatol Vrrm for datum* amd Chamber SunnessietRnssi«andherpao- Maixh.JadgoSotherlaad;April,JusaeCterke;May,all ktsator,who-wadbeenpromised$10bvarabidMexican tothefreenegro.Evena*thefreenegroperformedsuch praiseIcoulddusi'ti.LaGassieraaLadyEnnquita,and allsortsofdevicesItisproposedthat,withfheahoii-Governor a highest cavalry officer reported tiie outr*ire u> Capt.Porter,reiuesttegruthemostexcitedyetrespecU'ui meaner, in the name or ttr BxceiMncy. to "uti.tr.! m e town,"thattheperpetratorsotthisunautoorieland grossintuittoourSagshouldbearr«atedautiseven*iy punished. This was done, aud thefour;was soon brounit on board by the cavalry omour. aad delivered to Capwtui Por'er with .. most ample and abject apology ,u the namePostmaster General of Canada, has of New York will be noticed to the Clerk, and be. put on Betore the hour umitod for the bombardment, the tii • frajaers of the cunstiuiuun id this St^te.P u g l M v f S l a v e E x r i U s a e a t i a ITetoamaata. TB£ TBBiUTOBT rXVADBW BT BtASK BBTCSi»iCAS BOBOBK 3UBBIAB8 BKOH IOW A—THS BTJOmVK SUM,and the Hon. Mr. King, Assistant fPostatasSeriof the United State*. For thejmrpoae of compte- signed to hold thai branch of the Court.i wtll ran once a week. of the causes which may have gone aown at the previous Capt Joseph Maria Vincent, a citizen of the United negroiam cannot much louger exist side by side in this We have bad an arrival from Amoy under the Spanish engaged m proenrtog a teed of drift wood. The Marsha! watch tt m leave Liverpool oa the 30th circuit, and the new issues will be entered as part and in Su.tcH, who has been several macula Uapraoued, aud elate. One or the other must give way. Many slave- nag, with 800 Asiatics. I learn from an official source brought tne negro to the Bates House, and waswill call at Queeastowa en the foUnstoa day, and seforth every Canadian sBsamor will make <«*eanatown it of call both on She ootward aad homeward voy-continuation of the permanent calendar, aad so on, from court to court, until the end of the year.atari;, a year under ball not to leave the sity, without fti.y cause being assigned tor the same, wan released by liuvernor Pesqueira, at the request of Capt Porter.holders in this State are anxiously awaiting the action of your body, and if nothing a done to secure their pro- perty, they will take it further South and leave Marylandthere were 269 deaths oa the passage.HivASA. Bee. S , 1859.strenuously urged by Durand to proceed directly to Omaha. To eatttbe Marshal waald aat assent, aor would the citizens allow toe negra to go awe step further, until as examination into tn* matter was had The negro obtained the servjoraof Judge Leekweod. aa emnient aad able lawyer, but, unfortunately, abgtttiy mtctnred with negropbobta. Same others who were more earnest aadThese reKototiosM do not aflect the question of noticingief that baa will call there asm thecsoaes for tnai to the opposite party, '"mm coon to Frederick fioerlits, who was released from unjust im- a free negro State. The abolition of free negroiam it es- Chrirtnuu Ifight mmd BBMjStaw tMaamawas Wreck a/ uprtoOBStont by Capt Davtes, U. S. N., has just been re sentiat to the security of save property, a- well as theSieved from arrest by Governor Pasquetra, greatly to the rights Of our laboring white population.oooxt, as the statute may require.Sertoli sbiwhich letters for ennvey Hereafter no cause? wrl be reserved, generally, afterirscouldbepostedinLoodod,ortheyareplacedonthedaycalendar.evening, bat for the No cause on any day calendar will be passed, except right perjury to procure ms imprisonment, which would legislation will meet the issue of this question. If the the Captain General; etc.disappointmentofhisaeeusers,whocommitteddown- Nomareparleying,somoretimidaadcompromising Vint<fBerOfficer*totheCaptainGeneral—Pamtkmefasatoaaassathandafcreet,wererunningBaressdthere,ago.The tow takes the right of marrying from the a to say, no mvrage a kigal unlessMftjjasaHT^ktUtareawtoinanfl I filMMWtoprevailin die evening toVBU Can, Oao. 7, 18W.sf ttto tthsJt a severe ro- of thto ship, maaasaf aftaearswafTtfa a i t white m contnsmest Iithat the reporters had gotten hold of wrong infor- i,hatIwaaampitoontosataformaldeaauciationssh*aadoatewrsbytheOwoaar'sjury Astoany on my part, or foat sf the executive to and wtoaassss en shore, it m totally unfounded.vttikeCoroosrmyself,and satop all nighttoseehut inhtomvaattgation,open, ahe amount o f money went oat of the frontdoor.All thto must havem gold s s above stated, a a dtlxt*AMDBOUND—$3,000T ASDIFBOM THB.bya-amaber' asgro torn from hta masplrfbrEAP CLASS, W is., Dec. 24,1858.f h a village waa thrown into a high state o f excitement tost evaaing by the perpetration of one of the mat dartog robberas of which we bare any rsMltecttnq About nineSingular Crime by •A singular aad dreadful ocmi rasas toss: ptose at BaaBBW^MIWOS BBBSSII T T W" .BSstlvVgySAOBBBF 1peeled t t thie port in a very few days. Active prepara o'clock tn t h e evening, N. B . BoydaStoreceiver o f public Juan ue lea Remedial last week. A woman, who had never*ions are being made for the opening of the campaign. General C R. Wheat has volunteered to take command of the advance guard, and it at expected that he will heasttgasd to that postThe aew -'law sf Juarez" was publtthed s few daysmoney for the Chippewa tend d»«waW. was gagged and bounu hand and foot and the government sate was rob bed of as,*BB. He was sittmgui his oflice at the counter, with hia back to the door, about sane o'ctoek iu the even- ing, making up his account with the government, prepa- ratoryto)lewrtof for Dubuque to to-day "s stage with the government lunut, when s person entered the doer, turned the key and stepped up behind Mr. Bovden. aad puitibg oat the light with one hand and placing the other over his mouth, m an instant the robber inserted an ia- Iti iiiiisjsj tots Mr. B.'s mouth, with which he prevented turn from calling sot for SBStataaee or nuking any alarm—at the same time presenting a pistol to hisexhibited any symptoms of madness, suddenly, tt ta supposed, became insane, and takingfour pieces of rope, duringtbetempsrsrysbataroafbar hia|isii1,iiisajuutil them tothe eeiltog of her house, huag a favorite game cock withone, her youngest child, three months old, with another. bar other child, four years old, with foe third, andThestoiaT with the'fourth rope. Her husband returning, found the woman aad the eldest child still steugghng. est them down and they were restored: the younger child sad Mat fowl were dead.the rooster aad took from the sale, which happened to beto teas than eight minutes probably a s * to exasad very uear strangling to after a few memento to get ens foot SMI, thus making s Botes which with ssvera! parties to h a office, whereParties were ilssajtor.hsil to all o'clock at neon to-day, a sThe weather •HI" »••"'to this,whah tracksofone. . . . . . .. w* • ' *tatshe«jf| ggsa-nh •kimtiz^e,parlb............ S7.(Stttob op.*aum aluns, l«c each «1400 otter skins, S3 'T» each......• fox.SbBBt,aOc each....« musk rat nktns, tOc e a c h . . . SVBwb«fotoatskms.asc eash....TotoL • •»....**•*...•*..••............ •••• e'a high success to "Po into." BftTBTII,30,186*. Creak XaaaSy—The folia fas altDinatitfied wan the JMsaa ffeasrsi CosrAs'issasBftom swafAWf .ffaivafos Ste Waar—Tkt Optra—OftenIsif toformsthestaplefoodhere. Infact,cornisthe«*-qua posterity, sswellaatoacquiretoSSBassawealth,as fordivertingthepatronageofpost aex> day, it was arranged to receivea retain visit from his Excellency on board the S t Marys, nonof a Mexican ttotasaaW. Haw many of the poorer ha predecessor, Gea. Concha, is believed to have done. nand* Wood's aaasrol. wmte asm eejeet ss a iCast Porter, Wflsitof hto vessel to Capt Esei! for th • occasion; so the Governor waa received also by Cant. Swell, wahasaiute from the St Marys, when general sata-appeared to prevail. ^ _ _Ewell reached HarmoaiUo, returning to Fort htm arrested imprsoned four days, sad satosd and claimed one efthe Tailed States mules, awaassaaag two hundred loilars for costs and price of tne mule, which was alleged to have Been stolen. This tt a grass outrage on our accredited Mutator, aas, who, b y the laws of nations, "to exempted aawamstty from all altwgtoaca, sad from all responsibility to the town, the government he represents having exchi sivecognisanceofhaconductaad controlot hisperson sad the effects to hto use being under his protection sadCapt Ewell immeditsely awkaawtoad a Ml statement to Capt Porter, wheat once called upon the Governor, n named asm of thto grass awtoatotoa of the rights and prttikges due to oar Minister, respectfully demand-class will gat over the winter tt a fssssjaj ssjajar asked than answered.White writing an exuieas arrived bringing the unwcl came Mat not unexpected intelligence, thai the governad hsssi ptoiifitmi of some stock, priac..MbeSBjfff»aimslty nsjtarSMoil he toft as with seven milthing, ta regarded by the republicans as tosipsatot, I find that upon a few important pouts, there a a <to take action.hone of dollars.Gen Concha, it wouldproceedings would be*attorney a' favor of a ittniiaiihkM seember of the I whota to defend ton sssatast sfi imaaptolimiito I aiajiln if tt was tstlilpsiiil that Das ssgaalde Batbil would be among the earliest to institute proceedings against the late Captain General.As a terge capital would be in operatioB, the control of ahafl be taken from theThe following memorial to MM Iiigtolstuis to in cirlulaHon in Mary ten —TO Tint SC.VORAHIS, IBS S B S I T aSSBSSSJf OS SASnASO:— was present a few days ago at tike examination the sinking land and taxes and iOar new Captain deaeral ta evidently bent upon ren- dering himself popular by going among the people. Heof the schools at Rente, where of course there waa agreat dealofenthusiasmgot uponthe occasion. Bis Excellency and the Condesa, I iearn, propose going to a few days on a brief visit to Trinidad de Cabs, probably stopping at Clenfuegos m mate.Court, deposits, aad other Braasw coal totheBanksfCSosBBBSrcesrsteewbere,Steam Tug—The United States Steamer Ommuirr as Port—werereservedonfoewbarbytaeAjuntainiestoaas other authormea, aad a w - -number of the lunwsasBieYesterday evening Ciecf got aaa to haveflUvuu, Dec. 26,185*. mek.«PrMaa>'have a distiuc; remembrance of the great Paste m the "Medea."andKhali,therefore,gotohearCortesiwith feelings oi curiosity; should she succeed, I shall erer aftericokuponherastheartistofthecentury:i^cn and foe Aragoneea. Of coarse the noiffie wfll and took rooms at the Bates House. Duringthe afternoonciiiK-is} and tree negroes Thte government was instituted fortnebenefitofthewhiteman,andanben*stosustain its biirsetit by taxation and deiend ite safety by hi; own life,ittohalegitimateandexclusiverightuihaveallthe benehtoitaffordsTo apow the i"r"e negro to conrpete with osr white «ati-sen, is the mdustral pursuits at life, ia gr aa tojustice on second act >4 "Sappho,-'' the tercetto and quartette from tense excitement on Wednesday evening a s t A Mr the part of the State. It is a contingency never contem- the second a^t of/'Marfoa." the third act or "Poiiuto," Peter Dorsad, hailing from Alabama, made his appearance plated by tiie framers of the federal constitution, or by and the lastactcf "UBarbiere, with the waltz de Yen in fids place about tea o'clock ta the foronooa ef that day,Thebenefitinaid fthewaragaiiatMoroccoistotake place the 21st instant. The performances are to be the[PromfoeDakotaOtyHerald,Dec17]posal of Weed, Mtegsn, Btolclsford, Tsyter. the repubnean warepuDers oosotoaed a ass Railroad scheme. A baakabie ssffstol befog vldedbywhichthemeansforbuildtogand road coukt be compassed,* s otmtomptetscOCT.Oar usually quiet city Was thrown into a state of in www.fultonhistory.com 