 "lull i1 dakaaUlba niohlWted 'Stttak for positions eftorn of office. A chaoga In the dlstrlbutloa of aobool moaeyaiaalaocalledfor. Thebasisofthedlatrlbu- tiaB of two-thirds of the public money, within thamessage^stances time, have The•tn«rcontrol,— "tline— Aan* ootT for 'HiaalaaarleaOOUtlCnOIl or A hCMOBr-LRTEB rBOM BIT. KB.8TU.Chancellor Fksris comnranicatee to the Chru-tuM hUtOiftnctr a letter fram Rev. E. W. Stu. Epla- aopalMksionaryatShanghai,IncorrectionoftheSTaDPOlatcd,* CITY OOVEKJTMENT.statements of tha aonllal misssonarlestnJapan. Mr.8tuwritesreoeptioo of :dkaetloa;spostibiUtylicenses,lilaM ia ItaIkatt at B' gnat dty.etrcumacribed condition, la thean unknown man in the Five was sentenced Points,to three years and sU months in the State Pri^m.Patrick Farrell, indicted with but not tried Jones,.alleged,merely ashard talking on both sides, and scarcely parsonaliUes, the natter was, on motion, laid on the table.Mr. MATHXTfB read a paper on a new method ofto make, of what I saw, and beard, aud thought. Since that circum-Milthat school trustees Alderman Ceaaxu sailedit Is suggested npand was sentettced to twolAida Boabar of paniaw kaUbw naex-partielpat- ^taewtMaflu tragedy waa to take place—she under-BOARD OF ALDERMEN.tair of State ^ipolBlmenta amonata to I7i of which IBB MATOB'a HOlIIHATIOSa FOR CIIOTON iqUI-af Jehateaeenenl or Aaather Trial.No desire for ChrlstiaB ndsaicnariaf has been ex- committee waa Invited, throogh na, to aalaot Nagas-;7 IM ware IB aitaadaaea at tbe doM of tha foarter ending Oct. <]. Since the 1st of April, laJO,t waalf-twopapUa ta*« baea ^ipeinwd, and ei ten 4H«Mlaa nantad to ilxtaan. Ttie price paid to AianatltaUanbT tbe Stata, fortbe maintenance of ll»b«aaSela>l(«,littSOaaeb. A change of location fc.B>a fit of thta iBMltatka ia in costempUtlon by mi Baud of Manaaaia, wUcb it is booed wiu result kl MOilDg to U> lamatet the benefit of purer air aud BMa aomlortable aecommodations Ihaa can be ob-them'pneentI was concerned, I can only refer toBISCBLLARIOUS. IMpretent aratem of ecbool supervisionwith, and that the slip be dredged and put In suitableis highly condition for commercial purposes. It was adopted. was'letters Ircm that In them was my published place. given (as It Isde ot Philadelphia IaenueoT«rlBstyeaf laetaaaa over 18MKamber reported as yet requiredProduce, since our last, have been715 bbls. Flour, 2S1 bushels Wheat. 516 bu«bels Com,The unfortunate andthis disea.«e was. but from what he had heard of it he should Imagine that eilher there was a very gre.it vaiiely In the 5-)inptoms, or that other c^lseases h;id been nilstakm for it.unques-another question which ought to be taken up.Tbe fact! the disease about ex- respecting beinghausted, the debate was continued by Drs. Mi»OR of Erookl) n, Vogg, Buck and others, np»m the statistics oftracheotomy. Dr. MmoR having operated upon six cases with two recoveries. Dr. Brcx upon many ca^es with no recoveries, and Dr. Voss U|>on fifteen cases with six recoveries.Dr. A. H. Strvixs remarked that !here was appa-rorttly IP'le c--in>c for alarm, as the weekly report Schools for a mandamus against tbe Board of Educa-.1457tifl,9-2C) 4,746 31,13138 055813,652 HAY—Sales400balesNorthRiverat93!4ca$l06SJ^ luo ns.HOPS—Have tM;en In m;>derate request, includingnew at ]2c,'aifec. ^ l^.IRON—Sales 60 tons Scotch Pig at »25®$J5 50 ?>ton, usual terms.LIME—Rockland, 75c. for common, and $1 IS-S$1 20 for Lump, ?* bbl.MOLASSES—Sales to-day 100 bbls. New-Orleans,on private terms 40 hhds. Cuba Muscovado at 27c. a2£c.; and 20 hhds. new crop Clayed Cuba at 25c. f!gallon.NAVAL STORES—Resin, Tar and Crude Turpen-tine remain as last noticed. Spirits Turpentine has attracted more Htlention, chiefly at from ticSiiHc.from hiring their immedlale rel-admissiblePrison.months in the State By his plea ofchanged. treaties have gone Into Jaopfanese Government has been modifiedhare theihat outgoing trustees should not hare the powerguilty shortened his term of imprisonment one year.which tonakecontracUforalargertimethantbeu-owa HealthCommissioner.It is suggested, tnould be made with refer- eace to the arerage aggregate attendance upon the adiools, thni prercntlog those districts which hare a lutarjiUBbar of ehlldran wUhln their Umlts, with aplace time to record, or coiud andertake to describe. Believe me to be, reverenl and dear Sir,caunties,JohnDonnelly,indicted for the murder of Charlesll,48S 203 1,298 523 open, •re months and nine days, against fire momtlia seren27 bWs. Ashes, bushels Rye, 3,050 bushels Oats, 1,474 busheijATerage lengthto from the inbe, reading deacripliona foreign jour-3754 for 100 Da. Pearls, ISof time the Schools hare beendoesmoreto^art>arizeusthananythingelse. IfheIsnot guilty of murder, acquit him altogether. It Is notyour province to lake the punishment of the accusedwas given by tbe careless diagnosis, or the more care- into consideration, or to exercise mercy. You must bags Lsguayra at 13c., and 90 bags Rio at like®aarfabaif days last year.mole number of Teacheis, ezclualTe of Phil-nals, although often having some very peculiar fea- tures. HethoughtthatperhapsunnecessaryalarmCOFFEE—Sales have been reported to-day of 300adelphiaiBBieaaa over last year laaaasa o»ar 184413,058 230 1,094less nomenclature given to these cases.Dr. WoosTiR had seen some thirty cases during thelast ofthem month, manyDr. Garssxr narrated two casesculiar features, in neither of which was there severed false membrane, but with redness and swell- ing of fauces, great Increase of pulse—remaiuing forand for a week at 150 ocrminute—and respiration from 50 to 70 per minute. tion of the class to which they t>elonged. But otherBoth esses occurred near Thirty-fourth-street and Second- avenue.. Both recovered under the use of chloate of potassae, qulrdne and sesqui-chlorate ofbales, at former quotations :Bivr-Toax OLAsamtunoir.Safcools, exduslTe of Philadelphia fcaini»i OTar last yearlacreaseorer 1854Xaelndtaig Philadelphia (59,394) the total ia Average ooat of teaching each scholar permonth, including only teachers' wagea, faef and conttngeaciesWhich la the same as last year,taacase over 1664laeludlng bnilding expenses, fenta, re-aaln, Ac, the average cost for eachT^U IsAatocrease per scholar per month of AaKKint expended for purchasing ground,bonding school houses, renting, re-pairing, «clacraaae over last yearbenaae OTor 1854j^anat expanded for tuition, fuel andaoatlngencies, exclusive of Philadel-phialaenase over last year lacnaseoTer 1854Micblgan, at g5 19at6 20: Inferior extra Ohio at brands, at t5 60® »5 75 ^. bbhthe total expenditures of Phila- delphia, for an purposes, for the yearman had the put uponDr. PiASUX, being asked to give the pathology ofthis disease, would add Utile to the remarks he bad are facts in the case which bear the astodadingCity.Alderman Fari-kt denied the charges against Mr.Dec. 311858, as of per reportTucker. Therehadbeena dealsaidaboutMr. greatTucker. Well !—there had been a great deal said "made at a meeting. He did not the previous regardhaveheardof sales ofgood White Canada at :tl 40, and inferior to good Red Southern, at gl 21>£a>fl 25^ bushel. Com is;aaoingthe Board of Comptrollers, ({475,781 49, ) the amount for the Stale is.AMiBcthe " building expenses," the total lor the year isAvenge number of mills on the dollar levied for school purposeeATomga number of mills on the dollar levied for building purposes, so far as reportedFBOH MISSOHQI.presence of a membrane of paramount Importancefor the recgnltlon of the dlsea.«e. This depended knife, and it Is the rule of law that a man engaged inonly 11,000 bushel^ including,Is the fact ef his pursuing the deceased with the open—leave mercy to tbe Executive. Ail that you can do, all that the Court can do, all that the prosecuting offi-cer can do, is to carry out the law."inhad to consider whether, If the prisoner was notlIXc. *B).COTTON—Sales have been reported of only 900MtieTeachersMda Taachcrs In Philadelphia Maala TaacheisPaaala Teachers in PhiladelphiaTatal for the StateAvenge salaries of Hale Teachers per month. $24 38 The vote was taken, and the Board resolved to re-ttai^uw par nonth over last year 11 fer the nomination. Ayes 9, nays 7.laairiaaw per month over 1854 4 05 Tbe Board refused to confirm the nomination ofsomem11)4 IIS4 \iii I3iichronic dead- lack at Washington keeps the political pool la thisgarterstagnation.bush. ..104,473 S,093,2f 764apparentlyslaughter of John X. ZlnVen, on Oct. 11, 1659, by a blow with his est, was then called on, and two wit- nesses were examined. Tiie case does atin a state of almost totalaaly ripple which stirs ita waters, never so gently,not, pres-"probably agree that the chance of a nomination for either, alragaide of the favorite of New-York, grows"ALDERMANIC COMMITTEE. THI CONTKSTXD SKATS.com- p"rovidedreadingschools,since his name was proposed, but I feel the popular appe-;two ef the gout itself.Xr. BiTis ia a most worthy resident of this city,Daa>. iipi raif d for ttie two Incuiiiben's of Ihe con-trade, every means should be taken to protect our own iitteretls.claimed, uponset forth, that the relator was entitled to judgment at cncc. He contended that, whether Ihe rrl^tor rcirt tiic Tlible or not, he had performed the services of-ss^: ,nAar good than great;bcoest-hearted, clear-lieaiedw.-irded to Iheaiioptcd.l.eglF.laturc as the expression of theteaci.er. and liad not been removedaddress was considered the bean mostthis war was progressing, the commerce of this coun- try, as well as that of England and France, must be paralyzed to a great extent, and, in the end. should the Chinese be to foot the bills, as they un-opinion,»5;aeeepttngtKU, appropriate and Impressive speech of theMr. BATsa Is, 1 believe, on the wintry slue of seventy] aad may be considered to have been put forth too late la Ufa ; but time has dealt gently with him. having Sro|Mbly,lIke8BASUUAax's hero, never In his;'.?"* sUvered," one hand by hisS5?;ii'^^''oVh„"Sfta^^fe -^^.I'V'^S '" law, "LtiSi,- . ,1JS?^''.SL- P'^neial appearance he i StaS^,^ of S.^'iS" ""f. «mewiarwell-knovTMwithoutaction.next meeling of the two Boards.»> » t.Jme of ofwhichexcepting;The Special Committee appointed by the Board of the census of the United States. Those who had Education, June 15. 1859, it was provided that no8,352havingpe- anyOrdtaiBiy 11 ft Middling Middling Fair9IIM HH 11^ UH9S(79—8,4314.70S nently qualifiedguiltymurder,guilty of any other offenceTheTotalTotal Rye, bush.Total Barley, bush. 27.366ailae* from the^Hdatas for 'the next Preildential campaign,thraugh the columns of those sonorous oracles of not. If he's a gentleman he won't use such lan-poiSagof divers favorites aa can'The XaB-Beodlns Teachers to be Paid their 8Blnries.THZ BinLB IN THE PtTBLlC SCHOOLS.TotalGrain....... 835,109'guage.Ihcir respective parties or f(r}aclIona In both State The Board refused to adopt Alderman Starr's reso-and City—the Rrjmblicm aad the DtTnocral. Ia lution—Ayes, 4M. J. O'DonncU vs. William E. Curtit andmost cases these are doubtless employed merely astnlM for t^e public whale to play with, and knockabout with bis Iron flukes, or crush into oblivion Inhi* cavemons Jaws. In one Instance, however, thereIs a studied and consistent advocacy which will carryweight with it at the proper time and point of opera-lleit—I allude to tbe Republican's espousal of the pointmenis for confirmation : Divine H. Coles for " little giant." By the way, there is a singular mls- Healih W.-uden of the Eighteenth Ward Bartholo-asBer in the titles of both the journals alluded tonum.twaea names and principles. Among the names pro- The Board adjourned to Monday, 5 P. M.complyand for his refusal thetha iJcmocrot being the Republicans'and the Jspatlicaa that of the Democnts ; hence a stranger is likely to be very prettily mystified and confused be-for the the favorite of opposition nag, againstfor new Prime, %* bbl. Cut Meats continue in re-quest, including Hams, at Blic.®934c., and Shoulders^ 6)4c.®7c. 11 ft. Bacon is moderately inquired for atpoaedCharleston course, are several good men, and kaa," such as Evzairr, of Massachusetts, Bins, of Isaonrl, and Bnx, of Tennessee but you willof the Bible In theorgan,In the Chamber of the Board. The friends of the contending parties were present In greatforce. ThenameofEx-CouncilmanGaoaoiP. BicKPORD, who contests Alderman Barrt's seat In the Second District, was called, but the caU was not re- his case was therefore laid over, and the Committee considered the claim of Pitir Mitourll tite will require higher-seasoned (ouJ, even ut l!n t^> the teat of Alcermnn r.ossBiL, of the Eighth DIs-; g20«g23 V tierce.small by degree* and beautifully less."M.yesterdaydallywould Indeed be a fortunate and eoastryweretheconservativecounselsoftheto succeed in placing the " Wosliiagtonian" Eviuztt at tha post of Immortal honor and high responsi- bility, and so have si^ld many in myIndiaMess,happy dayforhearing,It the peo]ile;risk af a long fit of Indigestion, or even a twiui£v; or 1;ict. A. (jAiiRY Hall. Esq.. who. with ^x-Judget^c Immense Western traile. With the Grand sums of money whatever.present Mr. Brady, who appeared for the relator. Interposedaad eloquent-tongned. He Is noticed for his modest be directed to file sp^ifications.>tf\*8,that in this re-time.passed upon. The teachers had been re-the regular neetian ef tha CoamlialaDcn of Eml- »SJnK^"^^SSft,'SK!^ftSl"!Sempiary gratloa ate anpoiBRd to ha beM being wlOrta theward Bad aaaght tha wa^m from her gTam._pnm^^___ A^a. (ke tait qnarterlr bill m»»- thispartleiilarheisanegedtobefniiyas bad ai the tunctlons of the Board is the graaUng of lleeoiea to her. ahe waa, as her action proved, ready for the saetllias,Uia^lteatfaIiikw«aiy< xasilBBtloB, R wai tbaad thas H waa loaded with geotlem»n,- tine I aa ooaspaUad ti> lemala at the Mayor's baU and shot, aa befnra Maiad. It saems that a mla-ai>d Office, M «haigad,.h7,*«^ ''^dlaaaBteaUd papers," per-Inorder to attead tod'lmy public apprehnslaa existed between the lover* as to thebefore ties. I have beeasons havlnf BO ;fear of Hbelon* proeecntlone praeladedam a member ertha mabununee of 2M. woret or Mayor, emigrant runners and keepers of emigrant boarding- cMce. "The funeral ofItiS ThoM uro not aH In mtteod- aUeldtaig .sama of the veriest rascals unhiuig. in which body 1ofUio. Amongtheeveiing,butwhen she saw that he had antlclpatf dNew-York, Phllacelphia, BalUrapreSk ^oSlmted price per popU, is •150 pet of whom I have any remembrance. Well, a lew houses, and In the course of ls(ulng these licenses 1tbe suicide took place «nla Jayaa.tt lU union ap- lu)of themansion were invaded, and moat ungratofuUy de-find that I am expected to affix my approval tc taem.Monday, the 9th.'> LAW'aSl£TTh« legljUtara'S^ffiad •33,000 for tlM lapfmrt of ilM SUta papila^tatebaasoreslrictlaDaatotheuaDibt.rwbomay ventllatcthemirthofthewickedwags,whovvUIwag beaskedtoapprove.nlghtislice the sacredpreciLctaMayorlal1'he |raut of sush Important privileges to persons of irxil t-.(Wi"iu'on. Thi* li adaquale to Uie tluiaiuDca ppoUed of divers articles of f liver ware, clothing, &c. whose character I have necessarily had no oppor- ^ZrSaOof the Bumbar •mwiated. Altkoafhtae The circnmsianre has furnished a rare opportunity to lonlty to form any estifflale or judgment I shoukl notREPORTS. MTTBDER.TRIALS.Uia apprBiutatton Bada by tbe Leiilsla- taiainU be daeoMd an czpretiloB of opinion tn tliltaad henca only Uie nomber thai pioTidcd Ikr win baietatned.Tka ftoiUion a< to appolatmeata abora quoted, wadbT Cliajpler USriectlon I, Law* of 185S, alioap aUadtotbeUWtltntioDforthaBlind. InItthenam-thelrwicked tongues against the city s anolnt««l one-Under these circumstances I think It would be nn-Yours trul y,aa to theseany begCaart of Oyer and Termlaer-SeBleaeee afCaavleted Priaaaera—Seeand Day af theTrial af Martimer Shay for tha Marder pressed by the Emperor of Japaa ; bo oalsslonaryDtlCT COHUIBSIOKBB AND BBALTB 00M1II8-—SIOnlB TBK riBST nrJXCTKD AND TBE LASTKSTUIBID—A yUKCX DiaCUSSlOS—HgALTBWABDINB APPOIHTHD.PalltlcB Igaared by the Aeademr-When the Court ofOyerand Terminer was lish—h^»the Board of .VIdermen a resolution that the directingobstructions In Gouvernenr-sllp be removed forth-the minutes a long and somewhat acrlmanlous dis- cussion took place between Or. VasKlixk, the Chair- man of the Committee on Admissions, aad Dr. Mo- NuLTT, respecting the election of a candidate, who, itslaughler In the third degree, In causing the death ofencea, and stating them aa actual facts.As to what really did happen at Nagasaki, so far asof the Mayer nemlnatlng OMeon J. Tucker for President of tbe Clrotos Beard, and Robert B. BradJbnl forand sixheJohn Crowley pleafled guilty to a charge of snoot- ing Patrick Lovejoy, with Intent to do bodily harm. Sentenced to two yean and six months in the State Prison.theAlderman Bool* hoped it would not be taken fromyearsto fulfill the duties of tbe office to B34— S.MO which be had been nominated. [Applause, Imme- diatelysuppressed.! Hehopedtbenominationwouldforty -eighthours at176,a portion of tbe City which would a fair estima- giveFLOURiMEAL—State andWesternFlourhas14,071 be referred. notbeen moreof no use for ihe men liars and dgentleman d liars.He considered it to betionably a constitutional diiease. Its treatment was ent, seem to be of large Importance. It was adjourned Oats,•'Alderman Farlit-1 haven't called any man a d d liar."A Voice—" Bloii'ly liar."Alderman FAkLiY— If he wants me to, IAlderman Bhad J—I don't care whether he does ortill this morning._Nays, 12.Thomas Doese—This is the in the rippUcation SupremeAldermeB to investigate the subject of the contested seats of the Second and Eighth Districts met at 2 P.made were favorable to the amendment of tbe teacher in the schools should be entitled to hisreplies or after to Census laws for this purpose. The same gentlemen, position pay refusing opensponded toBrooklyn,demurreil to the?: ::.:;;: =leslcdchiirgey ma(?e Id the afluliw its prcM^nl, litestanls, and a>ked that the c<>uu:^el on ihc oHier sl.le3fn;i',s.of Ihe by the roa-:: t-^EiTS-?tg?r:;::to get In a passion and callbush.3i0,5(l33-i9,8.1fi 5.3o6 101 7;A message was received from the Mayor transmlt-Court on behalf of one of the teachers in the Publica communication froro W.J. llubbvJ, asklnz per- mission to erect a coj)y of Iloudon's Statue of Wash- ington tn this City. It was laid over.tlngshowed but deaths from eightof the teachers'salary. TheThe Comptroller transmitted a statement of the receipts of the Sixth and Eighth avenue llallroa'ls for tbe past ) car. It was published in the Tuna several dayb ago.Chamber of Commerce. BlUOKtTRAXCI ACAIKST TB« PRO RATA rr.EIGUT DILL— TBI CniNKSE WAR.There w as a full attendance of members at the monthly meeting of the Chamt>er of Commerce, yei^ terday. Mr. Pxrit In the chair.The City Inspector transmitted the following ap-;— mew B. Chappell for HcLlth Warden of the Twenty-for merchantable and COO bbls.shipping lots,flgallon.Salesfirst Ward. The appointments were confirmed,The salaries of the Readers of the Boards of Alder- men and Councltmen were increased to $7jO per an-requirintr:hat tad rebellious Uquor* to his blood." A which if It did not exceed In enor- for the purpose of melting tho snow, met In Room cooUes, equaled,BylawsfaU-Iebgih portrait, by Mr. B. Y. CoofliTsi.1., a naUve Naaitlit of Ugh ezeellesce, placed in the window of Mr. Darraob presiding. The majority of the Committee of the Slave-trade, foreign or domestic. Tha motion8, City Hall, at 8 P. M. yesterday. Alderman Boeet' store on Fourth-street, has been the cynosure resolved to report In favor of the passage of such anteachers ordered to be paid.vf all eyes for a week It shows a past.from the action thereof the City Raliioad Companies. Alderman Darraqb dissented from this decision, and said he should present a mi- nority report in favor of passing such an ordinance the railroad companies from Its The reports will probably be presented at thefine,manly ordinance,excepting torm of medlmn height, an intelUgent eye, an openpleannt face,moderaUly fringed with whiskers and"''S^oftheaad Eastern travelers hitherward- 'nriiH .-^ t hV! On account of a change of In Eighth-avenue,Merchant-.'lloVei, I'hiadelnh^""""' What has become of all the cJiVamlifNorthernTBAOtCAl ISgri OF A LOVl AVPAIB-—The in her stead. She brought ihls suit therefor, contend- Paw Paw (Mich.) Frei Priss relates the foUowmg In- ing that her discharge was Illegal, there being no j-jstcident which occured on the 7th Inst, at Olivet,tha registers of the Old I'lanters',(TowAey) Everett would at this season "how*^im,?,,every othar-name from Now-Yck, lioEt.n I'vS to Eighty-fifth-street, it has becomedelphla, whereas now It would require better eve* lower thethan I possesa.even with glaases.to discover half • Joz ceiving Reservoir to the western part of the. City, aaaday from all the three great Atlantic cities. Have about ten feet- The wants of the make noBotUag to collect, or no chance of coilecllnt; U ' present CityItKo sales to m-ake or no confidence in making theni ' impoBslble to draw off the water from this pipeTheB»rmm,'^ Md^hecause assigned by the Board wasSomething ia surely the matter. One thing 1» cerialn. during the time occupied In low-ring It, and the en-St. andthereis — Loulshaxof tlie young lady'sDeclaloDs.tire nodisguislngihefact never and while thetwen so broken up, or down, since it was a town. As ^union. She informed her alBanced that she plated pre-had rather die than diaotwy her parents, andferred death to living without himtime by fire-arms. The same day he returnedMarshall ani procured two pistols, which be LxoBARn, J.——waa aald the old miser, bywhotheir money as freely aa water, now clutch every half byEfTHKELAHp, J.vs.of Referee overniled. hispeopledollar they get hold of, until the Eagle fairly screamsGilkooUyAmntemests have been next to nowhere ;°'"^"^»''">' of casualties, whichwill (or aevening thev would meet at his brother-in-law's,report confirmed,judgment —grantedfew enter- ?,^^, tataments have been given, and to these the cheapest w«,.JL'"' '!"^gmtat "" *""'' *"' "o' illsaiin, and looked In vain for some such Bast- contact. ^^ ^'y ^°'^' hytoloaded,eachwithabnWandsevenbuckshot. Atthe—Edwards va. i/o*riric^-.—Injunctiont^rtaWnrles aa terrapins,croquettes, «c,andUme appointed for the meeting, Saturday evening,SPECIAL TERJC.'-"a very cold nlght^ce-cream was oonslder- LICENSES— FORwas at his brother ln-la_w's,ia«h»»«**=TOa;sPeakrush, there, or anotherers ofEmIgnUon, by 11|, Honor the Mayor:CROTON AQUEDUCT DEPARTMENT. LOWKEINO TUB MAIS |l> XIGHTH AVIHUI!.gradeby which tho surface is Iswered from Seventy-secondlarge.Macx, ;who has nowNorthnip i Mudgett for the plAlntllTi A. R. Lawnecessary to main pipe, which leads from the Re-EastonCounty,la that SUte: "A yoimg man resi-The rase waa Common Pleas brought in thechange must be made without breaking a Joint, pipe is full and In constant operation. be c:ommisaloners of the Croton Aqueduct Depart-thepartparents—srpHiMB corRT spiciAL ntn¥.formerly spent meot deem that the work cannot be done contractonand Friday,Gilhonlry.c'of divorce euPREUE corRT cnAMBEIlS.period cut off theasMan have given " form and pressure." I was a h..i .7" '^r'^"" of 'he City. The Commissioners «»at o«« at least of the most affluent reunions «TMiil5'.!!^ ,'"' ^f''""^'' to ihe Common CouncU for"cept at great cost, and with a risk amounting al-;the 6th, they nmluallv agreed that the next SaturdayExceptions to thereport^aable luxury: However, the more EMIGRANTRUNNERS.Woon saw his intended leap from the cutter and approach the bouse, when he stepped into tho parlor, placed the muzile of the pistol to his head, and fired, drop- ping lifeless at her feet as she came In. Without a oot of doors, pa»ed the comer of the took a from her pocket,HoFmAK, }.— tion denied.and Wift vs.et at—Mo-The following letter waa G. Tjng, but, " By our Lady," there ViBFLABOK, President of the Board of Commission--l5t_B eplrttod revival of trade with the sent to Hon.C.Kiuaea—Decree--gatnlherleft-bandedjoke waa >, pei-/, ,.-*'*I**? °','"i' Nwr-Yuax, Jan. 25.I8«0.moment's delay she steppedUM WUIiay Mayor a few Bights since-afthfiwlBOBadchal- Plis Bn; IB easM^twitoe of Owhourhouse, pistol who and was raising It to her head when her slater,;generalitytnamed Orvillr Wood, hadaupplyfrom the*'<""•reatonable torequire me toassumefurther re- leave re-exaggeratedthemedi- oinal properties of herbs, mlnerala, Ac, may be aafely Aldeman CoaRsu. hoped the gentleman would vote and efTectualiy Inhaled. The paper, which containedthe table. place.He thought the message waa in a properfumigation, proposed by himself, whereby(t whichIhad observedthat somethingwaswTong, rusaadej-^ytaHftwnr giii«i»'^i rr^P'fromteSate. •ooariinvto >k« raoonfi of t&ta «ifl» *>«% wMh het«g aOelaUy learned wl:h, and m liK in tbe dellheratioBs o( the Commiaslooeis of stasdlag him to name Sunday, Instead of Satardaymeeting on Wednesday evening, at the University, Aiderman Rusbill, last evening, presented to with the President In the Chair. After the reading ofWilliamand tpertfnily to decline approving them In future,I have tha honor to be, respectfully. FERNANDO WOOD.ACADEMY OF MEDICINE.8are Threat. ed within the last ten days were placed at the bar, be- The Academy held its regular semi-monthly fore Judge iHOKAOAii, for sentence.largerAverage nlaiiesof Female Teacherspermonth 17 79 Gideon J. Tucker for President of the Croton Board. lion. He did not regard the local treatment of any their verdict on tbe conclusion to which they might 25laenase per month over laet year iBrBiease per month over 1854Average salaries in Philadelphia not reported. Whole number of pupils in the Common57 4 98Alderman Starr offsred a resolution, requesting theMayor to Invite Hon. Myndert Van Schalck to accepta renomlnation as President of the Croton Board.Alderman Starr eulogized Mr. Van Schalck, to whom field of observation In tbe Demilt Dispensary, stated marking as he progressed that the testimony of all t5<i5'St5 55; rounc-hoop extra Ohio, shippingDlaeajialanCeBtloaed apaa the Prevnillag EpMeailc, opened yesterday morning, certain prisoners convict-;the threeiB thewas deairons ofmatter of political capital. After some degree,number of diseases of the throat of various:becomingpenandInkaaJwas at>leasked the for a verdict of " juryDo not," he said, *' temporize and find thebe dlphtherite as he was led to consld<>r this disease gnllty of manslaughter. A verdict of manslaughterkinds than he bsd ever before noted in one season,murder or nothing.318Malt. 629 pkgs. Proviaions, and 698 bbls.he bsd not seen cases which he considered toprisoneryet anyWhisky. ASHES—Are quiet to-day, at»5 25 for Pots, and »5very mild, families, sometimes a half dozen in a house.Judge Iborabab,chargingthejury,saidthat theyCplut. riuidt. MaUl*. N.O.hInarrive. Thethat he had seen but two cases which he consld- the wimcsses as to the manner in which the he ascribed the estimation in which the Croton Aque- agreedVan Schalck was too old to perform the duties ofdiphtheritic character. Respecting the cases describedThe prosecution bad shown by their witnesses that theExtra SUtePresident of the Croton Boardmore than that, itprisoner struck the fu"6t blow, while the counsel forWesternExtra Iowa and Wisconsingreat importance.Dr. Bihbirs being called upon, as having a largeJudgeproceeded to review the evidence, re-;Wisconsin, at C5 106)6 extra Ulinois, Indiana and575,2575,371 duct Department was held. sidered to be genuine dlphtherite, although be bad wound was dealt, though tbe prosecutioa and the de- Unsound Flour$4 50 Sg4 80 4 95 a 5 05 S 15 ® 6 25 4 90 4 5 00 5 10 e 6 0080,559 «31,e5l53 cents. 9 cents.C9 cents. 4 cents.Aldeiman Corkili. opposed the resolution. Mr. seen an unusual amount of throat diseases of a fence differed as to the party who was the aggressor. Superfine Stateby Dr. GABitKRR, he would mention that there existedto the Mayor to pass such a reso- a large amount of scarlatina in tbe locality inlicat- defence sought to prove by their witnesses that thewould belution. He (Alderman Coikzli.) had just voted with tbe maioiity of the Board against confirming Gideonthat, these were cases of perhaps,;Superfinedeceased commenced the assault As to the fact killing, however, there could be no dispute, and, if the testimony on the part of the prosecution was cor-some weeks previously, and that tUs ose was not could be, in that event, no excuse lor Alderman Farlxi was not in favor of the reso- the sequela of tb^t disease, with all of which be wus unless they could show, which they had failed todisrespectandscarlet fevtr sore throat.of2,047,661 92 about blm (Alderman Farui.) Ail that was a bloody He."—upon various matters whether there was much localInflammation, whether there was much secreHon, whether this was thick or thin, flowed off and was re- moved speedily, or was tenacious and remained ad- herent. The disease was in the blood, whether thisa conflict must quit it, if he can possibly do so, with- out resorting to extremes measure, and taking the lifeabout Holders claim prices.2,579,075 77 5.53of his If the adversary.In their was minds,Alderman Farut was called to order by the Chair- man.Alderman Farlxt charged that there was a combi- nation In the Boanl to defeat the nominations.3 17 not as good a right to vote for the measure of anothermember aa Alderman Farlxt had to commit himselfto the Mayor.Alderman Farlit denied that he had committedquiet, parties disagreeingan advance. Sales of 12,500 bushels White and Yel- low Jersey and Southern have been reported at 80c. e61}4c.¥bushel. RyeIsquietat88!4c.'8920.forin- ferior to prime ¥ bushel; sales 4,000 bushels. Oats areselltng slowly, including Canada, at 44:.Q4434c. Western at 43Sc.e44 54c. State at41c'a45c.Tht Deaal-I.ack—Bdward ETerett—Edward himself to the Mayor. If the gentleman said he had "him in such case. with them.;Tbe merit of the evidence rested35,000 bushels, including Canada East on private terms, good West-ed,ImpliedExtra Illinois, Indiana and Michigan... S IS a 8 20 Inferior Extra Ohio 5 45 « S 55 Extra Ohio, round hoop, ehiK>ing brds. t CO 4 5 75 Extra Ohio, trade brandsDr. GARnifZR answered that te was glad to add tofor the place to which be had been nominated. That his previous reraarka, that the child In question had rect, there 'could be no excuse for the prisonerJ. Tucker, because he did not iielleve he waa the manwas the ground on which he should oppose all Im- recovered from a well-marked attack of &car!a'.lita while, if the defence had made out ttieir case, thereS 80 e 8 75 S 40 4 5 50proper nomin.itions.him,Fancy GeneseeExtra GeneseeInferior to choice Extra MissouriS 55 «7 00and in runningS SO a 7 25 lution. very familiar. He thought that there were vario'is do, that be thoogbt his life was In Imminent Southern Flouj is inquired for at former quotations.Alderman DiRiAcn thought it was enoupih for the local manifestations of this affec'lon. and that the danger when he gave the fatal stab. If he thought be Sales have been of 1,750 bbls., In lots, at $6disease was the same with the ad<titio« or subtraction was in such imminent danger, he had a tii de rightreported35'&t5 65 for poor to good superfine Alexandria, Bal-*531,4I3 85274,677 93 for the Board to confirm or reject. The Board should symptoms and course as to be considered as types or therefore, depended on this point. If he formed a de-pattern cases, like Dr. Bibbibs' two cases. He did sign to klU deceased, without thinking himself In im-not consider that the membranes, the roost* minent whether that were formed pathogno- danger, design onlyBoard to attend to its business, and let the Klayor at-77.070 32 tend to his. It was for the Mayorio nominate, and of ore or more symptoms. It was not common to see fend himself, tven to the extent of taking the life of^ r0®$7 for to fancy542,074 76guiltyof murder;but if he had not formed that de-not nominate and confirm too.Alderman Teomt charged that Mr. Tucker, whilevery^to-511bbL RyeFloursellsslowlyat$36041440Secretary of State, had given away West Washington ment now of $600,000 against the City which thisforfineandsuperfine,f.bbl. ComMealisinat »3 75 for Jersey. $4 12)4 for Baltimore, and $4 20 for Brandywine, fl bbLGRAIN—Wheat Is more for. The firm- inquiredness of holders, however, checks transactions. We1,571,880 4363,218 80 Market for five years. [Order.) There was a julg-mic symptom, was acPially necessary to exist to have the true disease present.an instant before the blow was struck, then he wasrequestcases of any disease so full and complete In their deceased. W^htther the crime was murder or not,timore and Brandywme, &c.choice extra brands, f bbl. Canadian Is quiet, includ- ing Inferior to choice extra, chiefly at $5 40*3tion of the prisoner to take the life of the deceased, Alderman Bract wanted to know whether he had symptom was or was not present. He was not pre- they must give him the benefit of that doubt, and le-dnhestatedwhatwasnottrue. (Criesof OrderI"] Alderman Bradt atked whether the gentleman hadabout'."5years of age.at 7Sc. part ?—l—DbU Times—Terrapin*aad CraeBettaa <'No Honor Amoag not told the Mayor that he would vote for these spoke having cases,era at tOc, and State,Stocks o/ Breadstuff's at Chicago.Bacea—JTaha BetDr. McNtiTT tboucht It that some men strangeThe Juryat 2HP. M. and arelumed Intobushel.ThieTC*.'' men-Marsspofi4«itce of the Sew-York Timea. Alderman Farlit said be bad told the Mayor thathe would vote for any goo<l men that he might send St. Locis, Uo., Thursday, Jaa. 26, 1860. In. If the gentleman said otherwise he said what wasnot true.Alderman Bradt wanted no equivocation. It w^isJan. in, .—^l-**®.22,190 Wheat, Spring, bush. 336.695The trial of Willanl P. ftlaynard for the man Wheat, white Winlcr 407Jan. .XI, lei.,.pared In an oflfhand manner to enter Into tlie serious to the side of mercy. On the other hand. If theyJerseyand laborious examination of the great question of the pathology of the disease.thought he intended to kill the deceased, they were;;and Pennsylvania at 40ca42c.; Sonthemat 38c.'a4lc. f> bushel. Barley has been in demand, and salesnot sw om to mercy— Dr. TooHAS described two well marked cases which awaited another tribunalhad occurred In his practice—one in a young man ofthatwasnot their but province,their was to convict dutyhave been .«ince our last of reportedof seen hundreds of as he hadseen none, which, if it was as prevalent as he would Murder. Mr. Clinton polled the Jury, and each pro- teledto tohavebeenthecase. He nouncedthatsuchwashisverdict. werethenJu, ?9. isia.8.662tshuaptpiotse, ougnhott be so and the removed. ThHeyevinced thought could prevalent. discharged prisoner noFlour.bbls13.656 215.564Iieary—Terdlet af Gailty—Caai-no remark waa mada Christianity, if I would also teach them Eng-a member with him, pleaded guilty to manslaughter In the thirdalways my endeavor to give,) aa cloee a transfer byU had laid on some valuable suggestions, was by somewhat Cobane, and convicted of the third degree of man- with sincere and yours, to take the message from the tatile. passed true regard, £. W. 8VLE.the table already two or three weeks.The message was taken from the table—(ayes 10,too the cavalierly byin his hasta to to getslaughter, was sentenced to tbe State Prison for threeyears and six months. A New-Haven paper atates that gum-chewing In the ticket-swindling case, Frank Fowler was furnishes a profitable business to a manufacturingsentenced to two years and six months in the State Prison. Amotionwasmadebyhiscounsel,Ex-Re-iMiaetilal atteadaaee, from receltiog more moneyAiBttiose with a larger attendance, which report a•HNT BTunhaT of oUidren. The report closes with nays 6.) Aldermen Barry, Bagley, Brady, Starr, Rus- cussion of the disease of Diobtherlte and tbe statisticsTartous aaiandments in the school laws, WBWli azperleace seems to Indicate are necessary.concern in that State.Nov. 15, there were made and sold overeach box containing 200 sticks or rolls—making apiiliiliigsell, Cornell, Seagrlat, Piatt, Owens and Farley voted in the afllrmative.Alderman SxAOxm moved that the nominations be confirmed.On motion of Alderman Boolx, the vote was taken separately on the two nominations.Alderman Bools moved that so much of the mes. sage as related to the nomination of Dr. Bradford be referred to a Committee, to consist of three mem- bers of the Board.Aldermen Cornell, Boole, Tuomey, Owens, Farley and Darragh, debated the question, aadAlderman Fsox, the Chairman, addressed tbe Board, stating that, so far as he was eoncemed, the rumor that a majority of this Board was opposed to MayorWoodwaswithoutfoundation. Yet,therehad been)6omequestionastowhethertheMayor wouldsend to the Board for confirmation names which the members oftheBoardwouldfeelasif theycouldconfirm. He had known Dr. Bradford long, and believed him emi-detailed case Dr. Beox which ended byDuring the six months endbig 35,000 boxes,T«i>Ttaf Ae Bapertateadaat af Coaaataa BekaalalB PeaaaylTaBlm.stated at previous meetings.Dr. Brioss, of Richmond, Va., being present, wasproceedings,Juagetotal of rolls. 7,000,000geiveral'mark£Ts.New-York, Feb. 1860—« P. M. Thursday, 2,The reported receipts of the principal kinds ofTha following tables exhibit the progress whichTsansylTania has made In edocattng her children 'Aotag tha last yearWkida nombai of Sdiooli in the State, exclu-occurred in his part of the country, and gave a de- scription of some three or four which bad fallen under his obtervation. They were tieated with calomel and recovered.Dr. WoosBCLi said, that although he had seen a farhereafter.Tbe trial of Mortimer Shay for the murder of JohnLeary was then resumed by the summing up of Mr. Clinton for defence, followed by the District-Attor- ney for the prosecution. After reviewing the evi- dence at great lenglh, Mr. Waterbnry said that he:PresldeBt,the long-delayed business of the evening, viz., the dis-of Tracheotomy. This was opened by the reading of afatally, having the characteriailc features of the disease, as follycOrder Smith, for a of staybut iKORABAH refused at present to entertain such a mo- requested to Inform the Academy if any cases bad tion. His clerk, JoIa Gilbert, will be dealt withwas heofthatwouldentitlehimtopunishment. Thewitnesses on each side were In one rank of Ufe, and resided inwitnesses could not be secured, and it would be there-fore their duty to determine from these witnesses Sales have beenrreported of 11,000 bbls,, including su- what the facts In the case really were, and to base perfine State at 4* 95S$5 05; extra'State at ^5 15S(5-sign then he was guilty of manslaughter only. There upon question,to whether he intended to strike the fatal blow. Thereeridence.not sufllcieut to convince them that it was the inten-retiredCourt at 10 minutes past 4. with verdict of Guilty of35,133 758,353 Dr. Gbken's practice did not lead him out where feeling whatever at the rendition of the verdict. Wheat, red Winter .. 13,401 105,610 8,22-2toproceeding is Instituted as a test suit to determine the right of the Board to insist upon the reading of the Bible in all tbe schools. The Board, It Is understood, have determined to abide by tbe decision of tbe Su- preme Court in this case, whatever It might be.The case was heard be.'ore Justice Leomaed.The relator In this case is the principal of the Ma'e department of Ward School No. 5. He is one oftne teachers who have declined to with the ruleMr.GioROROpBTEX,ChairmanofthespecialCom- monthssalaiytobeduehim,amountingtoiiiiO. mittee on that subject, reported that he had obtained The return made by the Board to the application, favorable responses from Hon. Joun Cocbrabx and set up the 16th sectian of the Laws of 1851, whichthe ofothers, touching importance obtainingdlphtherite.At nearly 11 o'clock the Academy adjaumeJ.tion,compel paymentmercial statistics, in connection with the taking of that by a series of by-laws adopted by the Board ofI>. Lard is salable and firm. Sales: 835 tcs. and bbls., in lots, at lOJicSUc. II lb. Beef is in lively demand, at steady rates ; sales of 950 bbls., in lots, at t9a$9 62H for new repacked tlO SOagU SO for new extra Western 25 for Mesa, MiL Primewho had been appointed to prepare a remonstrancetbe passage of tbePro Rata Freight bill and tbe bill imposing tolls on railroads, reported a long re- monstrance against both these measures. He argued that the proposed measures would produce the con- trary effect from that which their friends anticipated, as the Railroads would abandon the carrying of through freights, and raise the tariff on way freight to make up for tbe deficiency. It would, also, divert:CoiutryVagainstT.-unk and other powerful rival lines of our carrying a demurrer to this return, and the factsThe memnrl'il was; j.:S:-1':•;s:and to orlercd be for-the t*littiiib*-r.(..IArrabau J. Lawrrnck, Esq., counsel for Mr. .\ t-.>intniiriTr-\M,.M fn.rn Mr, A^r::fr-AtL. of Ho.tm. gard, o^-,n:pled p'.^ltioa anyhe the s^irpe as other •ser- daplldty. Many a one with half his merit, but dou- MiTCURiL. opposed thia. and Ex-Judge Dias replied. was read l«v the I'resMenl. rp'-i-.i.ii^ t it ui iinn of tlic vant , and a^ he ^till li'-ld his plac^, and wjuj still InUa U* ambition, has easily won his way to the high- Messrs. Lawrzncr and Hau argued It further, and Board of Trade of that city re i-.iestliig rifJiuiun in the ptrforin.-i/:ce ttf iiii dulic^ .i-s such te ti.her. he wa-; ei.tit'ed to Ids .<afnrv ; tli.-l*. ;is the .lidAlderman CoRinu. stated that tbe Committee had behalf of the Chinese, and invokliiB the (jood otlicc? rrsp'in<len»5 aat honors. Ton may remember that at the River and decided that the contestants must present specifica- of the New-York Chamber with the United States not remove tilm for non-perform-Ance of his dulv,Harbor Convention, held at Chicago some years ago, aUhoogh mast unexpectedly called to preside overtions.The Committee then adjourned to Thursday of theweek after next, at 2 P. SI., In order to give counsel an opportunity to prepare and take Issue on the s;iecl- fications.JOINT COMMITTEE. rEOIliniTIOH AGAINST SALTING THE gTBKETS.Govemmcnl to secure this end. they must pay him. .\5 the Hoard old rot remove the Mr. A. A. Low gave a brief eketch of the causes relator when he ceased to perform the duties imposed=i=?S; iligsiiligsi:tha daltberatlons of the and Importanthlidignified bodyand of the war, and urged that while origin presentby them, that fact precluded the defence now set uprequireddoubtedly would, they would tax our commerce asThe Joint Committee of the Common Council, ap-pointed to consider the propriety of passing aa ordin- money. Humanity also demanded that we should Justice Liobars remarked that he could see no usewell as that of other nations to raise the the reading of the Bible In the schools.youth ance prohibiting the throwing of nit in the streets, offer our mediation. He also denounced the trade la of the in;\ s=si si-^imltv anythlni; tliat was experienced in the historyand LUeJ. T. Brady for relatorfor drawing a memorial to the Government, rnade'by Mr. Low, was adopted, and a Committee, consisting of Messrs. A. A. Low, J. C. Green, Wm. H. Aspln- wall, Moses H. Grinnell, D. OUphant and W. \V.wa£Hubbell, appointed.A communication from Ihe rhliadel|ihla Boanl of Trade, on the subject of an Imj.rovc,! sy»-t£in of life- saving apparatus, was referred to a Special Commit-;Thos. Boes^ for respon-of Jobu D. SturgesaadCapt.Nye. Adjourned.had,tee of three, consistingbeen family and they were engaged, the marriage to take place soon. The young where ne In-and Livingston Livingston, E?q.,nearpajLDg his addresses toresides near the village of MarshalldingOlivet, a Misswhosewas referred for trial towent to adulged so freely In liquor as to raisetobtjheectcionstemo-nrence aiuldefendant.man,with hisIntended,party,aadon Sunday evening terminate their lives at the same plaintiff.andtolady, accompanied bvherslater,droveup.LynchA'eUyhe and soon after the youngdissolved.Stn-RME CorET—Untitled Documentfthe Bible to be readBoard withheld hlss.ilary. He made the present ap- plication to compel Its pAymeat : claiming fourPROVISIONS—Pork steadily favors sellers, the day's transactioos amounting to 1,500 bbls., in lois, mainly at SI7 37'«®»I7 50 for old ,'Hess; $18 Viiia' $1S 25 for new Mess;for tbewithout note or comment ;" and also further showedhis school and making it strictly the duty of all teachers to so read tbe Scriptures as the opening exercise of each day. The return then set forth tpat, during tbe time for which the relator's pay had been witlibeld, he had neglected to perfo/m the duty BO Imposed, and that it aras for this reasonbyand Maimed that for such reason the Board was not bound to recognize the relator as a teacher at all, or to pay him any sum orWestern MessMesa; $5«i(5Meaa, tl7®tl9 SOBeefHams,tl2afI51l»bl. Buttercontinuesquietthe reading of tbe Bible;at lSc.e21e..for Stete, aad llceiSc. for Ohla, VCheese Is for at 9c.911 !4c. ft. Inquired 11that he had not been paidStockofPorkandBeefin Parking-yardsofNni-York;and2La dii»£.^ - .^Feb. 1. 1660.c c:^^c a^a^""^by them. Mr. Brady suggested that, In histhe Ceurt conld not, in this proceeding, dispose of tbe question which the Board appeared to desire should betained, and for that reason tbe Board could not raise tbe question as to their power to compel or excludequestion, that the statute was sufficient. The return of the writ was thereforeq'j.-.-heddent.The T«-cirth Ward School Case—The SrhoolBoard Sncrcasral.iaura E. Gildsrsletee vs. The Board Edwa- offiOTi -Tills ia the noted Twelfth Ward .School case, in which frequent proceedings have been andJonej>. Capt. some of which are etlil riending. Theplaintiffwasdischargedfromomplovmentasainteacher School No. 37, and a Mlsi Ennls appointedcause for It.that tbe plaintiff was not comnelent aa a teacher.made hlaThomas Boe8(/ for thereportin f-ivorof the Board.settled.Wcosicry, J Buskirk vs. ChoUcer <| nf.—Motiondenied. Plaintlfl^costsfixedat $10, to be costsintha case, aad to abide the event.—Oomoir PLXAI BPECTAL TtRM.StU, i.—Wright re, C«S<gA«r,—Judgment lotThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Darritfvs.;Total Wheat.TotaU:orn, bush.. 347,674from e''ic.a9^c. Vrf= = g=.'•Tthe Gov- ernor of that place, to the eflhet that I might teachaki aa a etationbypoints;and these are yetaddresses referred to.If 1 were myseU engaged In the work In Japan, I should leave the correction of these mlsapprehon-sionatotlme, and other Influencesbut it seems In- cumbent on me. In compliance with my brethren's Jones, convicted In the grade of man- request, to express my sense of the UDderirablenes* of the loo prevalent habit of making favorable Infer-thechange admtnlatratlon; pnxjfa of aeffectby aslowness to receiveof them, have been developedforeign ships has siuprised and almost alarmed them In a word, more cfaangea have taken than I;foreignIdeas than greater was expectedsought after, to-day, partly by shippers, and low grades have been exhibited with more firmness.Inferior to choice superfine Wisconsin, Michigan and Ohio, at $4 90'St5; extra Iowa and;Indiana,;;of have5s;;SlgigsslsSj.-:;the suideniofiux66,301503,644tl2 UH for old Prime; and »14ft. www.fultonhistory.com 