 li'l^S?MBS3Eim.^I^ nw-TOBK TUiXS (irwkl7)-«m DouAai •_, ^ priestcraft and UniiMMii IMAv—;qnentand and^ntimely appeal the teaaoa MMOTur-YOBK. vitsBiUiAr, fsb. b."^^^^^—qaall(yiBfBotbewt«re^«lMR^.U MMn•Vaw-TMsTiB -Candles 'were in lively somewhat biiaker.TheSexicaaTraaty1bGoacreaa. Olie Mexican Treaty wm doobtlesa be dis-BrotherlyLove onlaatI* ka iMn«i< t* Ife*AOAOKW OT VnaiC-BAXBU or Biriui.WAUUA0F8 THIATBK—Tai Bo»i»o« o' * '*•* rent week, .and theFridayof that metropoUa anvising rules and and has no ref- regulations,"g-TwfcOtty.• witiaf Tkla Kreatev*Inquirer epitomizednarrativeofhisbenevolentlabora." "Captain Moess, a gentleman we presumeerence practicalV««MMas.^ntni OAKDIK—OUT» Twi»t.UVXi. KMint'S THEATBK-J««ra p«»f» «» Mnt-LotHMJ.anticipate,kindlydispositionsisterggir HouaTMinstinctB of State-craft or superior knowledge,excessive distressare duties whichsuchpiMlece.convey Captain" displayedrefugees, all that impulsiveness,^row from thecomparative merits of freelabor,IBM'S eASBBH-An«rn«>n»«dBT«oln«-0«IWa'iWaj BOirWTTH»ATR»-KrtOA»«>«-lMlA»»-A»Ity^XinnrB eOIOMOH.anditaloudest-vtrfeed—Hou»»responaibllity of*show thatourSouthernstateamen,^therfromstronger ceivedfromEurope,touchingthedestltntion"andhave for years completely outwitted their Jewish refugees, who had been constrained" and the exerclaeWill.BOWXKT niKATBX—Thus Fau Hu-^^_dis- covered to be fn the nnmber of these obscurant-Wau.KUBSUV—AttamMasad iTMia^—Thimaking appointmentscompanies owebecausetheover to the tender mercies of ChablbsntoAOWAT BOUDOm—UAH) or OiouaxT—Iuib IBIaOV BALOOK—GMSuOausTT'i IbnnaLa. PALACI 6ABDM?—Ta» AHOTi^ k Co.>i Mnusnii.and policy of leading Southern Senators—such savage Bedouin of theNothing will not be guilty of " inexcusable negligence."be a hypocritical rascalMAicsHELn to be alarly in Ireland and Scotland, diaa ai^iThe House of BepieaentatlTes waa not in session yesterday. In die Senate, Mi. Wilsos introduceda naolatum calling for a Select Committee, to in-qoiie into existing abases of Kxecutive patronage.Tha Post.«ffice Deficiency bill waa taken np, and iiMWalmrntri pn^MMed by the Finance Committee< lawilnifiil Ttte first, which provided for blanks, luteIt waaand twine, was adopted without dafaata. The second, excluding the last quarter fictn Oie payment of interest, declaring the interest to be in lieu of all claims for oamages, and with- holding it from any but the contractors themselves,aome discussion, but was finally ptOToked adopted.The tUid provided for the abolition of the frankingimpotsibilitj/ into thatson of leadingSoathemstatesmen,beginningwith Neptune,andinhismodeofexertinghimselfhave understood the matter to obtain and better,wianHng-paperfor them thaning rabble of the South has ever been ready to might have been anticipated. He, be it re. Elm-street massacre, nowrecelved the temper-and iahlythatlaidthefoundationnfflutm' iilnaato take effect in Hay, with the re&erva- tioD, that members of Congress shall not be re- quired to prepay postage on letters addressed to their constitnents. Messrs. Coixaiteb and Ham- UM were opposed to the introduction of so impor- tant ^measure, as an appendage ef this hurriedUU. Hr.TRtTMBCLLwasfortheamendmentto make it mora thorough, moved to strike out theCalbocn,and it can be proved by the record that they the "Court. It was overtoo, that Scottiah Tory " lairda," In the daysofHabbtIhiin)As,usedtopledgetheChaiehclause. The motion, after debate, vraa rejected, and the further consideration of the bill postponed until to-day. The Senate went into Bxecotive session, and early in the afternoon ad-joamed.The ship AUarm, at Baston fi-om Calcutta, re-lar contained barrels of the geaeroas yriata^ gMlnon-prepaymentthethat the bark Oritm, of New-York, ICCHtaAX, had been captured as a slaver by tne Bdliih steamer Pluto, and delivered to the UnitedSMtas Bteamer Myttic. The captain wa.s impris- oded at St. Helena by order of the American Con-soL TheOrtoaiiadonboardwhenshewascap-tured 1,0S3 alaves, of whom 152 had died beforeport*Capt-partAt the trial of Hazlktt, the alleged accomplicewere and seriously affected,while the lighter and more aromatle mer, comprising operations in merchandise tution has passed away from the New-England drinks of France have lost aU charm for pal-Council and to Dr. Griscom thanks were voted for a hundred copies of the Transactions of the Na- tional Quarantine Convention. Several interestingalone, in a country which possesses littie comprehensive in argument, patriotic and na- measure of the far-seeing French ruler. Aobe so fastened that the cannot prisonersup his parable the Moors instead of in their behalf.and the States which are really most aggrieved while in the Union, and which are destined to act as buffers after disunion, between the Abolitioniats and the Palmetto Kingdom, should be allowed first toopen of $50 was made to de- fray the excuse of placing a net-work in the doorways oi the murderers' cells, to prevent visit-from the assaults ofEngland's legitimateEinga.them. Anappropriationnoranceof the country and the people, they againstthat Slavery can be estab- Evidently Mosis does not comprehend the age1858, took place on wine, through the in-creased production and consumption conse- that therefore, quent on the diminntion of the vine disease.The expenditure shows an increase, but lessthan was anticipated and provided for by theetaknowledge of the keepers.handing anythingto theprisonersThere were no trials yesterday in the Court of Oyer and Terminer. Johh Hays pleaded guilty towasremanded for sentence. Three other cases t'VZ "^*'^ on, but, witnesses being absent, or jawyeis net ready, they were postponed tUl to-day.hatched forth clusive findingto increasedWashikoton,f" '^ourt of General before Recorderof the contraband trade in salt and the decree raising the price of toeoSMon thaGeneral RB««inn«_ hefnrn Rernrder moMx Sessions,to in the say,the manner in whJch theRailroad is conducted, that the Compaay are exempted for the auppresslonIn tlx. fir«'. ".rz?* Plunkitt was tried for robbery ^i^Xfet-J-I «'-!in« .from Mr. Wh. Gt^that these enthusiastic Repub-Seriouson the frontiers of Baen'os troops bad been dispatchedon Nov IS Ho-^r«ny,"withiaci as developed$1«0,°"'y°f<fTMTMltlons for the safetyofpassengers beingsothat at which theofpeaceablepeculiarand intercaiUii aentence.Mr.Our heavy-moulded President,ntgUetofIkemployaoftheCssqHmy."The italics are not ours, and we accord toGen. Hiru iaThe election of officnrs of ih. imerit of theirin consideration of theOn the whole, these English reports prove North and South, the necessity cultivating who mediatedParaguay.Dakikl Webstib did not understand the Con- poesible beverages, and imbibes them iastitution of the United States. The proud all latitudes with imvaiying constaaey,an statesman,andaWiqfallofTexashastaken atesfamiliarizedwithfiercercompounds. Yet;buttheyshould make on the periodical reportsquacks imbeciles, humanity manded for us a few months at least to medi- tate and take breath.We regret to announce to our Northern read- ers that the South refuses to accord even thispoormonidols are aU to be overthrown. The work of iconoclasm is to go on with remorseless en- ergy, until not a wreck will remain of all we— once worshipped and admired. In abort ^weicals to outerleacIUng St. Helena. held the Federal Government by aOiirdatea6om Bio Janeiro are to Dec. 24, and theyor the identify him as a participant in the Harper's Ferry part at least, would have been retained bycame most unfortunatelyof A>Hir Baowir, the witnesses who pretended toplantedin Mexico, thatcountry,greatershowthat the revenue resulting firom the for-In the State Senate, bills were reported relativeto unclaimed deposits in Savings Banks, to of destiny which is moving this country on-ever, be observed that the declared officialhardly This sudden destruction which has thus Bordeauxand"Mf**''Av aa dtawn Wp, waa i«feiM||^ OlMmfttae.Ain Blooks. Hew-Taik Oentral closed TDi cent., and Oalena at S7| ^eeot.. both a fractionIf the of tbe agitationfair amonntofWifaaaavras donse Unrer than ah KtBdn. Panama was i fbaaaecompUahed ething elae, it haa at leaathad throo^ thohigkar, ami mMTufairiyth«ya very nnc(Hnfbrtible weight of venaratioB. It maseea of the peojie oifcussedof day thecur-in the Senate on aome diacussion,generation,as Maeom, H(;ktxb, Toohbs and Datis, whocould t>e more natural than that theWhen the "inexcusableoccurs, the responsibility for its consequences a;TkeIrish gentlemen about theareNE"WS OFTHE DAY. by Mr. Calhoitn it have been excitedfollowingto authorize the sale of State property in the City and in the advantages to be derived therefrom. as an agent deputed by a New-York Commit- c^New-York. AnattempttorecommittheXew-will show an increase ofcountry did not at once fill up the voids thus The English gain in health will be, if this oc-ingain money, and many generations of perfidiooa Britons will have to thank the Third Napolbokfor exemption from tbe gouty pangs which oldbeeswing brought upon their ancestors un-der the of duties. For tem- regime highperance advocates the change will be a great victory. It is the whisky and port and sherry drinking nations that fiimish most vic- tims to the orgies of the maddening Bacchus. The lovers of light wines,Yoit Perry bill was unsuccessful. Mr. Hahmond, So far from tending immediately or remotely tee to receive subscriptions;announced by adcommercial,and of seventeen cent perin Committee of the Whole, spoke at length in de- to the acquisition of Mexican territory, it vertisement that he was the commander of a fenceoftheGovernor'sMessage. IntheAssem- " "bly, the bill to compel the attendance ot witnesses guarantees the integrity of that republic, charity ship bound to Gibraltar with food bMore Committees of Common Council was and is in reality a bond on the part of the and raiment for the " afflicted Moroccoamended, and ordered to a third reading. Progress United States to keep the peace with Mex- Refugees ;" and even had the temerity wasreportednponthebillsto preventandpunishprize-fighting, and to incorporate companies to ico. With a perfect comprehension of to forge a letter of introduction fromafter all, a trivial thing, while we retain O'Co.v-period the increase in the external and generalcommerce was fifty-six per cent, in commer- OB at the head of that venerable body the cial, and eighteen per cent in official value. New-Tork Bar ; and the consigning of Web-ster's memory to oblivion is not of much con-navigate lakes and rivers. The bill to provide for these facts, and the other great andaesaoD.The Medical Society of this State assembledand Brooklyn, were present. In opening the meet- more than just, therefore, to accord to thosethe Grand Master of the New-York Sons of Malta to the Grand Master of the Philadelphia branch of the Order. That letter proved fatal to our Neptunian philanthro-sequence, as long as Mr. Wigfall's tongue canthe appointment of Inspectors and canvassers in important fact that the effect of tliis treaty will New-York was called up, and inaugurated aheated discussion of the general question of legis- be a direct benefit to the commerce and manu- lation for the City, which lasted into the eveningof the principal articles, which shows that nearly all the former had again increased veryland. As the Pantheistic poet of Concord has ingeniously put it we may take solid consola- tion in feeling thatyesterday, at Albany. One hundred delegates, in-clnding a large representation from New-York believed to be prepared to ratify it. It is no*'*'»l<'handchainworthlib- in each and every oneerty, areof theiris the power that is actually thwarting BucDAMAN In his clumsy efforts to acquire Mex-a"te:o?ame":r,f oTtS^'°",>?J- V"'wrongin the rest of the Grand theholder of this monopoly being ordered bythe marauders. Political agitation is rife•AaaociaUon, wHchtook puL ,, i'"l"^r Dealers'the Jury the entirefurtheratieet, yesterday, was °- annuUedhv "^'^'^ of Sonora "?""; in his efforts to obtain possessionnificance.The Companyarerelievedof all"Dead BabbiU," said to be re?L- ""^V"'"" °funde'and a certain kind of facility whichthe recentMuch interest was felt ia theand deatioyed the baUots. No a *° etl °iCalifomianpeculiarly gratifying tothat the influencemanlyown affairs."^'^I' The Pdlee were there when their .erytpr"**^*-influences, bom of the Warwhich wishes tottiat body happenwithoutcause,tending to theirThis uncompromisingt>een at the South is assuredly England aad Paraguay. promulgatedThe regular meeting of the monthlyThe Southern statesmen are determined there somebody's door, and ao, in the language of "funds for thepurchaseof the Abbotthare made itsOe propriety ofteatrtktag Ughsr wages.factures of the North, and an indirect benefit to the South by creating an increased demand lor her products, the Southern Senators are nowThe Philadelphian Grand Master dis-largely, while the latter, except wheat"though they mayBut how, meanwhile, is the McLane treaty and because the luckless Moses could not received in the North ? In the first place, it give $1,000 bail, he was ruthlessly conunitted finds the Northern public totally ignorant of by the hard-hearted, suspicious magistrate, Mexico and her resources, the condition of the whose mental optics were ao obtuse that hetheir manners, customs, and labors, could not distinguish an indiscreet philanthro- people, "and the nature of the struggle now going on. pist and the Captain of the American CharityThe commercial North, which ought to Ship," from a common swindler and impos- greatknow so much about Mexico, knows literally tor. Thus the bubble of Mosks was burst, and berlain. Hr. Wood was unanimously chosen almost nothing. Ttdk to a leading merchant all his zeal and sacrifices for the MoroccoChairman of the delegation. A long and charac- or manufacturer in New-Yoric, Boston, or Refugees rendered fruitless. teristic speech from that gentleman laid down theangry deputation of protectionists has present-ed a memorial to the French set- Governmentting forth, among other things, that in the pe- titions of the Bordelais in favor of free-trade,were read, prior to an adjournment until thia morning.of its awn, could to enter- tional in tone, it thoroughly dissects all the give impulseprise, has not taken place to any appre- pretexts offered for disunion, and shows thatciable extent and the creation of a national while the very suggestion is virtual treasondebt in to the resources of the against the Constitution, its accomplishment large proportioncountry, produces an tmfavorable impression of would only aggravate the evils of whichthe new system upon the working classes. it is proposed as the remedy. Joh>-Political interests, he adds, have absorbed all Brown's raid upon Harper's Feny, so far to be found, and actually warning the Emperor the energies of the Government and no fiirther from affording the veteran Texan just cause to remember that Guyenne was, of all amelioration in the financial, or improvement for the dissolution of the Confederacy, has, in the continental dominions of the Plantafe-papersThe Convention at Syracuse of National Demo- crats completed its labors yesterday. The follow- ing gentlemen were selected as delegates at large ta the Charleston Convention: Fernando Wocxi, John A. Green, Jr., Gideon J. Tucker, Joshua B.—vast numbers of English names not names of—Babcock. Alternates ^Wm. C. Beardsley, JamesEnglishmen—but of citizens of Bordeaux, areT. Soutter, John Haggerty and Benjanun Cham-foolishly imaginewithout the lished therein; and ihg/j will have it that1aio XABzxn ihdlai DisruasAKcn tM BuassaATXIS— —POLIKCAI. AOITATIOa A PASAaVAT-ABWAB.Our files of Bio papers recdved by the Oeet»of the slave power, and WAinKiiLT, in Whitehall-street on Aug. 31, and seizing territory, running up the negro flag,"'° """^y-H"*'"**'* somewhat remanded for^article is soldA nader-iisatad party, who broke the lTMnotreqniied,andwereelsewherewhenth„?*"* greedraoaat attank rf H. B. M. gun-boat OnrrUr «paa tha Paz^aayaa e!esmer Tae%ary, ea which Oaa. tssaa ha< aaa barked. It was understood to be Iha Jaittal ster •io,"h^* °fmust bebut, as accidents do not usuallyof the movement towards independenceItalyhasaheadyspiring in iU results npon the""? '^'=-and vigorous and imity in been most healtiiy and in- material inter- are full of the.ment into the Treasury advantage.is averse to Gen. LoFzz,agitation.the son of tbe DictatorthistreatyJnry-box.tionIt ia necessary, therefore,as tofrom all bit. me In the matterHudson River!Inquiryanyican territory.startling sig-the people of all the States, ofI'II'tha Railway Bonds firm.HoMT lataa oncfaangedL BUls on London. 108)'9 broughtand we to ahall be alow109^ cant.Balea were made of only 800 bales Cotton at es-claims of a vast number of defnnct celebriUeaemanies,we donot iMito«*tte^sentiallyunalteredprices. FlourandWheatwore ingoodlie^nd. iSLirable lots of 'he former ad- willBepablioanhas been made by Mr. Bdchahanin the The Coroner's Jury called toDogberrymanslaughter in the third degree, in killing E»- with the covert design of bringing on a war, late Hudson River Railroad accident hasas theand at the same time securing two millions of money to be used in the next Presidential elec-actingagentsit" upon theThe of the salt and productplainest terms,licans, these advocateathe rules andwhieh com ty formerlyoutbreaks w^w^g Ayres.premises.ta BuenosAyres.CMk C^and Lower California, is acting entirely"^**" extendour wretchedfrontier presentlaidUtOffice,thefaultmustbewantei AnewelectionwiUbeheldreported by the Committee appointed to cou^et the of the express train, deserves severe censureNew-YorkHistorical Society was held last evening, n '^ shall be no war with Mexico that can lead to the verdict, Mr. Gao. N. Simpsos, conductorand theybrightest auguries for th^ future of Uie greatyesterday VWe are ooafideeit that theSlavery qoestiDiic«nt.McLane treaty win fadeAooJd reeetrt a^request. Frelfchtswere " "citythewith tothe iultotheoldheroofSaoJacintoforMtair- regardsurely— policy inaugurated philanthropic feelingsnegligence" actuallyBlaccbtohi prig and dimderhead, and Bbouobaiiaician. Not one of them, indeed, appears to havebeverage.drinking bonta of Scotch aai time of the Fraaeh the BebellloB of '08, weiaout the line ofwill be found that and harrowedsilly, stupid;system.the war which has lecsctly haaalaifaadlngbatwsaatiie 12,000,000 deatliivd bjAeclialma of oar own cUiieaa, n btostatetha' nota dollar of (lilt aiOBpaid ont of the Treaamy mitll kmK after the Presidential conteat aba 1 have been decided.ao"tolA BieiddaB tke iMagea.tbe effect ofreHeTiog the Soofiiem States fromto thebelieve that the demonstration made on thisenforcedmay have supposed that the employment ofcareful andanbject bycertain claaorousreliable men was one of the aaostthe Federal Government has been luder tales wafted over the waters relative to the— ployer.mouthing Scotch rhetor-Bbmb- to get merry over claret thateaa-the control of men who well understand miseries and sufferings of these people of the resources and capacity of Mexico, the fathers, mothers, babes and children who hadThere are Coroners' Jmies and Coroners' Juries, just as there are Coroners and Coroners,dy.light,"ture and quality of peon labor, and the abso- cries ascended to heaven for succor." Nor mlilennial in our hopes for the race had notthrown away upon them.space to ponder over the vanity ofearthly great- ness, and the emptiness ofposthumous fame, and to drop a tear upon the grave in which thelegal sage of Washington Heights had interred so many illusions, and so much deluding glory. After seeing Cokx, Maxsfizld, Blackstokb and Bbougham demolished by Mr. O'Cohob in atrue characteristics of her people, the na-no homes, no food, no raiment, and whose and we have become too might,perht^is,madlyverythrow itselfcase,membered,sympathywas no of nor a mere votary Mats,rendered by one such body, in the ease of thefreelydispeaaed too la«^ 'peculiarplantedmarine,genuineBOleaian geatiy brimming stoupa ef darat,of Republic.sla- did the " take less interest in their Captain"upon Mexico, inatitation could being discipline of (hes^ iBndson River Dogberrys.TheTradeofItaly.Three years ago, when the seals of thebrought aoonafitUroducing negro While the filibuster-our exultation over the sensible verdict justhave steadfastly opposed the acquisitionbyof have been devoted to tbe extension Sla-very in another direction, and through territories already acquired. Mr. Calhodk. inpriation for the purchase of California, in thebelief that it must come into the Union as a Free State. The South had complete andGaronne, and instead of being iMiatOfped, as now, irom fragile gracefiil glamni. U was drunk in flowing tumblers filled fireamighty magnums.First the non-intercourse ef war aad times,then the imposition of the hi^ dntiea at tkein the belief tliat thewhich, within ten have years,"Mr. Toohbs voted against the appro-nevolent to transport to Gibraltar the food,clothing and whatever else might be provided for the aid of the destitute, but he even be-came a missionai^^olorward the godly cause, canvassing New-York in behalf of the afflicted,with these instructions, two reports have been made, and are included in tbe English Blueboon to this wretched section of our com-1848, declared that Mexico wasfruit."forbiddenissued a fewquiet possession of Mexico in 1848.They hadOUT merchants and millionaires;nay, hazard-—vall, of Texas, has taken Daviel Wxbsteb ineven for therich,and the admiaaion ofpctttheir own man,life and limb in ahe might there appeal on the part of Yaathatmay as well ^»te it at onceSenatorWio-andland's Peninsular allies, drove them almoat oat of the market aa an article of general con- sumption. Thegeneration of-^ngn«hiii«^Bilr.Polk,forPresident,andingtriptoPhiladelphia, prote-sherryatlowrates,astheproduce of Ca(g-there,land-lubber of abut a relief to thosean ancestral hall of the fine (ddunder the hammer of the Encumbered »-Mttor manifeat lessclaret too importedpist.covered that it was spurious ascertained thatand upon wMch the delegates Philadelphia, about the trade of Mexico, and Had he been less bound by the traditions of in the commercial condition of the country can his opinion,of the most toabimdant proo& the nets, loyal England,principles " — "platformwere to act in the National Conveition, and pres- ently after its close the body adjourned tine die.of ourthe fact that the Federal powers have given anfavorite Bordeaux was tbe dtyand more considerate of the sons of is there an3rthing in it ? Is there anjrthing Africa," how different might his fate haveof Government, inhe repliesThetradeofMexico ^yes;well, bis race,be looked for imtil the terminatioa of the pres- ent complicated state of affairs.utilitypresent system:haserokadanotherinquestandverdict thedeathof Mr. WilxiAM J. COET, &om injuries received And how does the great Republican Party re- have voluateered, in that case, to defend him,The late accident on the Hudson River Railroad —!Mr. Wksdill Phillips would donbtlessMr. CoKBrrr from Florence an evidence of their regard for the constitutional reportsworth having there ?" beenequally favorable condition of trade in rights of the States, and have stood ready to in the eoUUon, demanding additional inquiry. The ceive this treaty ? So far as any expression in the name of the children of Ham, and of Tuscany, where the increase of customs defend them." He asks, with great pertinency,verdict reflects with extreme severity upon the at all of opinion has come forth from that- Tot;ssAiHT L'OaviBTcaE. The genius whichhas never been so great as in 1858, al- if the Southern States, should yield to the sug-of South Carolina and establish crease since 1850. The rate of increase was a Southern Confederacy, what guarantyenijteeer, the conductor, and the flagman ; and has been awUla declaring tha Company to be exempt from quarter, itall blame, thonght tha accident would not have malignant denunciation. Their leading organ, au-Prince only the noblest hecatombocenued bad flagmen been placed at all exposed the Tribune, and other journals of the same ever offered up to freedom, andpaints aloDC the road.with of their and snatch the myrtle wreath from the swords of which was itself the most" From whence are to come the elementsIn the matter of the expto- aion at the Brooklyn Hat Factory, continued its in-stamp,many never allow andemagognesprosperous yearTbe Coroner'sClaret and tSi. CoBBETT attributes this progressive by the men of the Revolution? Where are the delight of the Stuabts, andgushofignorantand can in the brutal massaaree of Port- recognizethough there has been a progressive in- gestionsten per cent upon the rsceipts of 1857, coidd this State give for its duration.in which he lives.—regula. ably and efficiently devised and stringently enforced that no The slave power accident can vrell occur, txetpt tf Me tit»eiusM<of thelargsatsecession, the soldier-statesman concludes with recommending "the adoption of resolutions dissenting from the assertion of the abstract right of secession, and refusing to send deputies for any present existing cause,the:following luminous and con-Jif- and other distin-awayare notat aU. Many weak-minded persons haa led Soothera politicians to overhaul the spite of Mr. BnoHAJua" And ws furibsr And that after a most searchingand to the measurea adopt- partiyTbe salesof" blame in the matter," with a politeness andurging uponof 1 peace, g«ae |o Jseizure of territory. And in regard to anyCollection of amount of money to be obtained by the Admin- for not having personally seen that his flag- ItnUan race when once it shaUTheshoeiaakecaofIiyBB,l(ass., are discassnc;and authoritative re- buke of the revolutionary doctrines which have;whan it iaeept, aa in- the when preaent caae,Dogberry of Abrahamic stock, waa possessed of fine sen- but if he is towewill take a wider range, and proTe more im- fellow men. He was, in &ct, a sort of How- dictionaries and our definitions. If "inex-ofClaek, of Missouri, we believe, lookstoward hiaI>«a«, oe tu portant and iatereatlog than ia generally ard, whoae meat and drink was about goingVirginia.the Mexican will qoeationCoax, Hanspuld,perfaapaupon?" Gooda decent discretion ina in the great chsingesibilities, and aWisb,imaiiiiied. It ia poesible tiMtt some new and doing good and am^orating the condition of a railway company involves noTbe iatrofaetioa ff ehoay Bacgaadf mmk claret into OraatBrttaln.nadarthalfianiuiMa-curious featorea in oar national if so polities may suffering mortals. What wonder, then,thenbepresented. Afullandfreedebateon exemplaryacharacterwereespeciallymovedNorthern cotemporaries. We ventore to as- to flee almost naked from Morocco toaccoimtability of the railway company itaelf, we ahonld like to know precisely what meaning we are to puttbe attention-ofthe SouOi friendswaanextturnedtotheforeigneaemies FOLEoa'sfreetradebythe re- heart-rending intelligence recentlythe worddoubt aa ofEngliahmen commercial treaties with years ago." and of the Christianaawaastaff,sert that in the deTelojxnent of the opinions Gibraltar "to escape the knife of the are the only means of securing servants who Esq.,at a* gentleman of aU thoae who drank any wine at afl, |_Ufa MMMBiy;-«iaft l|M*«Im^ om|-4<te Wettfift^plpej ontf^be Now this ia Ae rulea"objecUona which have been brought agalnatthe forced^' that no accident can well ooour—eX'noinerooa and BoiayCompany, it appeara, are aoattingently en-of and we bor-convicted responsibilityofacompanyendsvrithde- ofmosti,ing him in troubles which have probably de.prived the Gibraltar Refugees, whether Jew orChristian, of his disinterested and invaluableservices. The simple sailor fancied that if hetha soldiers of 1812, and to the Brooklyn ward has brought the two republics together made his missionary debut in PhiladelphiaWater Works. Upon the constitutional amend-ments touching the Judiciary, majority and minor- on a purely national and commercial basis- merely as a private individual, his exertions inity reports were presented. Among bills intro- The treaty between the two republics which aid of the sufferers might fail. To obviate thisduced were those to establish a Boaitl of Claims, forms this basis, is reciprocal in its stipulations contingency, he therefore represented himself If the five years 1853-57 are taken, the last own senses, if the wonderful progress of our quence of things odious to the Britiah taste.outbreak, varied so in their testimony as to raise doubts of the prisoner's identity.us in 1848.After the lapse of twelve years, the powerincrease of tea per his there is—it had been actually written on note paper pro- Mr. West adds, however, that " it is still aWhen half-gods go. The gods arrive."Texas at Home.cured at the very hotel where the " Captain"to theof nationality and patriotism, and an honest police authorities, which presently led to his operations, is in proportion to the increase of lature of Texas, transmitting the secessionfrom committees named at the last meeting were desire to sympathize with and sustain the arrest. When the " commander of the charity taxation, and the heavy burdens wlilch liave resolutions of the State of South Carolina, received, with the proceedings of various Stateand local Societies. To the New-York Common cause of liberty in Mexico, that she may enjoy ship" was brought jnto Court the Grand been laid upon property." rises quite above the common level of Guber-ing. Dr. Babkeb read an address, wliich wasand after the appointmentquestion whether the improvement which theseThevigorously applauded;of a Committee upon Credentials, several reportsstatesmen, should they so act, a genuine spiritboarded, and at once gave informationreturns show to have taken place in commercialof Gov. Houston to the Message Legis-despiaed parent of all good things in man. A curious reminiscence of the long-buried past has beenBurgundy it would beformabetterConstitution?"GovernorHocstom viveinthenineteenthcenturywiththerataiBif the Union ia the of these loyal old wines. Ibe heir of the Scv- dissolved,af the Almshouse yesterday, showed tbe number Mexican affairs, which we have had thus far, of a social savior with the tricks of a common be found as high as in the previous year, border States will suffer the moat terrible coaae- arts is in rather a sorry plight jnst now, aadof dissolution, while South Carolina, when the Congress has voted him finally out ofjury.of Protection.of a more perfect Union than the one tormedthem to a close. The evidence bears heavily upon ico to pass unimproved. This ia a peculiar butcher Dxssalinxs, would never have suffered increase to the general prosperity of the patriotism, the equality, the republicanism to ing indeed to see the hopes of the Jacobites re-of attack- HARMODins and AKisTOOiiroii to wrap it veatigationa yesterday, without, however, bringing ing the McLane Treaty and the Liberals of Mex- tenderiy about the murderous Made of thetheengineer.The weekly report from the various Institutions and anomalous feature in the policy of the Re- a paltry roll of evidence to confound disinter- countrypartisans,opportunityof Sardinian history.refresh-but he expresses a doubt wheth-which was presented to the Board of Governors pnblicaBS, if the expression of their views on estedness with dishonesty, and the aspirations er the rate of increase in 1859 would also argues that— aCjnmates to be 8,329a decrease of 65 comparedirtth tte number reported the previous week. A is the tme expression of the feelings of the swindler. Mosks might still have been sent to ovtiag to the virulence, in many districts, of q"uencesand a cordon of his of Modena, Fbaxcis V. duchyoaamnBioation was received from the Warden of tha PanitantiaTy, stating that the &stenlngs on all tbe cefla are insecure, and asking that the doorsThe Tribune and its followers denounce jail, but he would have vanished from the gaze the vine disease, which in 1858 had nearly with the sea upon one side,might give by donanding hia as the representatire ofparty.the treatyfreedom in Mexico, because, in their total ig-would worid a new sensation It is to be observed that three- Slave States between her and danger," tbeand the cause of religions and civH of an unworthy world in a blaze of ^ory. Itdisappeared.fourths of the increase on the octroi duties, in AboMtionism" " recognized rightsis his misfortune that be tookhavecomparativelylittie causeofapprehension4 -•www.fultonhistory.com;bacco in the provinces Bosed the Duchy of Lucca toA large body af under Gea. FLoaaa 4aUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069of the briee lu« Company from all btaihe, with a veiigawBoe.Foreign Office in England were held by thedisinterestedness and generosity, which distin- Earl of CLAXENDoa, instructions were given to single argument,gnatof Mexicanas free territory, and that all their efforts was new-named for the occasion the Ameri- trade, Industry and general statistics of thewith the knowl- edge that it must inevitably be settledthecharacterofNot only did he place his good ship which—can Charity Ship at the disposal of tiie be- country in which reside. In accordance theyJaeobina and rad-darkness. EverygentleiBaa'Boal-territory,guishyour thorough-bredall Secretaries of and thatICing.and consignoftheir woes, with which to move the hearts of Mr. Westclose of tbethese wines of France «b expenawe loxmya circular getting up touchingdescriptiveinterest.great Napoleonic atttig^e, madalargeftomtheffivei^Plate to Dec. 17. Indian incur- majority. Our Army was withdrawn from ges to the kindly sympathies of the generous This is the more worthy of notice, as com- hand, and is treating him in precisely the samesionswered&tnrbingthaterritoriesofBuenos Ayiea, and reuniiiBg armed -expeditions for theirMexico,andthecountrywasabandoned,be-andhumane. Never,however,werethe mercehadthenreceivedaseverecheckfromthe waythatMr.O'CohortreatedLordMAiraFisLn.lapteaaiiw.knew itabout the common law Wigfall is ;love the Spanish aad Lnaitanian wines, adnlter-ated to suit purehasers, as the best of aHboatuponthe Paraguayan war-steamer which wastrolproveforbiddenfruit,"Tne attack made a Britishby gun-causeleadingSouthern men who had con-"motives and labora of less philanthropists"" appreciated than were those of Captainthe means of involv-effects of the monetary crisis, from the diseaseamong the silkworms, and from theMr.O'CoitOBhasprovedthatMaksfieldknew whichhas sincethenhaalearaedta grown upbearing Gen. Lonz homeward, was understood toiadicate the commencement of active hostilitieson the of England agunstand a little rusepartial Both the external commerce of the countrynowmakingmanifest to a startled worid thatwouldso far as Soathem Slavery was concerned.Had Mr. Polk and his advisers believed that the institution of Slavery could have beennothingMoses in the Quaker Citywhich our unsophisticated tar perpetrated in order to give weight to his solicitations, be-failures of the vine and olive crops. internal andthe publictheexemptiDaand regnlationa of iiit dagularorgansaustalned by the enlightened and Unperative dntiea of a railroad compaay, and them summarily by conaignlng them to the in npon an aections of the oouirtij fr^ll §«npontberespectofmankind,andtodiapoeeof tnaenaible tothebleaaingawtddhlMvail vanced a shsda. The '""«»« i°°%'°,2'''/'J^"° patriotic Senators of that party now in Coa- that compaalea should be held directly respon- of all bar-rooms south of Mason and preaent confederated Go aof Grain, aa well as in Fish. Hides. Leather. Hops, SeSSTBice, 8«sd., Tea. and Mols^ie. were Um-iied. Coffee. ForeignProvisions, Spices, tobscco Whiskymore MUBht after. A moderate inquiry prBTaltedgresa.sible for " the Inexcoaable contempt vemmeat, neglect of their em- Dixon'a line. WABHurarOH, MASisoa, Jcma- to aeek a remedy for partial aadJ-"!"""s'ndJ'''i^J"Sw'eJriefor Oils TsUow and Naval Stores. Adamantine suddenly brought to a eloae in thebeA BUstakemThe career of a model philanthrepiat was ratherBOH, RcTLxnoE,other revolutionary others, have been alreadyPkUaathropist.fabric, and ia aidoyes." Thia astonishing jury has enlightened 08 on this point, at the price of advancing theOKoaoi Masov, and various evito ta the overtiiTOw of onr whofe—" egrogious bluitderBworse than Mexfeaa confusion. Thecountryoogbttobenovelandevenalarmingdoctrine thatnotcertainlyofbadintentiona,batandwhatever to seeing them carried into operation.of bisandhave Us way in such matters as and 0. JeknihosIs wise in bisday this,wemustclearlysetaboutrevisingour Mr.cusable neg'ect" on the part of the servants ofback on these misguided men with compassion. Having thus flispoaed of our native celebritiea,States^Old Wlaee fa Hew B«taee.ingood pay and decent discretionAtthebegimdag ofthefpurely national, gavecent over the preceding year. It must, how- place.a doubt thatvalue shows a diminution ofeighteen per cent.,an anomaly which may be accounted for by tainlyshake mostof;Tuscan budget.tobacco monopoliea also shows a considerableproposeevils. After quotingFiBSON, Madison, Jackson,•mished men of the Republic, in deprecation ofand from Moatevldee to Dee.17.Therawas The little of Interest at Sio,was stlU absent at tbe north.t3d amooDted toMI* bags, idiiefly destined for the United State*.the Indiana had ooeamaincrease consumptionEmparorests of the people;well-timed. We should be glad to believe it likely to exert a salutary influence upon thein1868, owing partlyDuchy, the same decree to make an additional pay-repelfillingsptheirof the Kew-York Bar. l%lsdesert?" madeshortworkofthem. HefoundCoketo1of anch a man shouldconceited, voluble old fellowtheby pathetic runs back tliroa^ the employed to the em-Revolution andgenerally carried on in Bordeaox aadhalf a — Embassy Legation and common de-yet the returnsof and defender of the Consti- tiUe expounderThe official returns for 1868 had not been pub-lished at the date of Mr. West's report, but hegives a statement of the imports and exports wag new wisdom forth upon the astonishedrice, lead ore aud firewood, bad slightly diminished.fall much lessin mere animal excitement they certainlygain in happiness and in that digestion,thethe blessings of peace and prosperity. Master appeared as a witness against him, The introduction of foreign capital, which natorial effiisions. Terse and vigorous in style, of Bordeaux in favor of jhis new and wiseand slave havereceivedcondignchastiaementinbeing patriotismto fellow-ciUzensoftheBoofihiists,poorand convertedtar. dozen of his scathing "points" into mere andthe thebefore theAsioi which,.in the present state of af-Book,of thefairs in the Italian peninsula, possess unusualfromcial returns of trade for 1857 show adaysdeparturecountry.We are to have no respite. OurTurin thatthe offi- marked improvement in the prosperity of the cotmtry, and a progressive development of its resources.reportspityof tbe institution, andpay BlackstohxandBbocoham beenproframaie, will vffiet,of Mr. Kwrr, of Southiathat her Toice in the National Senate is aet ttsvisited with theCarolina, and Messrs. RooR A. Pbtobhaving creatures were atoncehandedO'Cohob, ry, claret was more need generallynothing more thanbeen worth the thunder which Mr. O'Cohob has vivial Catholie hoata used to lock thediai^- room door, and it waa after having grown t»mmerry over it that convivial CathoHe goeak these, the South would have allowed us a brief used to sink under the table. It waa cades «fOnewoiddthinkthatafter such as exploitsand Texasonce more to be ooogratnlated Bven only T<rioe wherewith like can apeak to herthe raentraace of Burgundy, under the propoaed come upon so many great names, would cer- tariff, will bring the wine-bibbers of Britainfaith in thisthe extraordinary circumstances referred to. the Union in human nature, as well as in their sherry first vulgar, and then by the natural se-yearcent, inin official value on the average. In tbe same of Socrates and Maksfield and Bbouoham is,fifty-seven perleft in OUT admiration. The smashing up curs, almost as as the French great" furnishedand Oiat of tbe Black Prince Iiimself. This anggestioa of a possible Anglican disaffection to the French rule in the Qironde is certainly tte finest thing in the way of partisan exbsva- gance which the present generation has wit- nessedoutsideofIreland. Wecanonlyhop* that Mr. Bowtkb, M. P., that doughty and de- voted champion of English ultramontanism, may take a hint from these French enthusiasts were thepersons'partback to their first love, and make port aad• drinkii^baMli bfoogU aboat by 'A* SpalBud^ilngrfMjrdrink fardrunkenness, and what they may looesummonedof the;so desperate a remedy for existing Sridt famish tu with dates from Braatl ts Bee. it,fromattempt for any cause, to destroy the uni- of the Government, and in denial of the rightandbrotherly feeling, of observing justice and at- cion.more,easily intoup byagitationpeopleBnzn sMl ihe Rirarof Liberty, of whichstood to be hostile to Usqcuala while the Paaoa;hadChief,  ygjll^