 'of theIf she were left to herself, the slave populationplaced uponMm» loAvonrotiK, Tuesday, Dec IL'Wir-TnK. WBONSUMT, DBO. 13, laot.tBfBMeribedtete tolerate tt; Bad".^ «4bpatrMie mb ot.Wn be lUntfitlBBtrafaaofBoyne WatoT or «»• arnnrnUt," BBtkat of Loim Kaioumr by the.A^^(MM •«Mk. aalM la DwUMSfiHr.^Tnw-TOBX n]m(aMi-irMUr)-4HiDoi>-can be no preteBoe oriegBlity to shield fromreaponsibUity those at sooh demagogues who,a time as this, would inflame the oitixens of one comity or half B doaen ootratlee into re* bellton against the State Oovemment.The Slave-Trade Case Eaded.ptmr Bre Tenture to itaniBd these iBBteI(heflfliB T9Caw Rasi, H. r„ steaaiiUp Bwrcpa, OaptM Puk-HV, Bfran •* NiMM Hinr-TOBKMil inueLPack,It*.Tmsa (IMUj) H paUUMd areryStates GonunissioneT at the Hobbll,Sgne,Southern pditioiana, would not «»ly grate teia barBbly bb the ear of their great Imperial ally, bnt die very words would have their aignifi- cance. Or Bs a stimulaot to themilitary spfarit, why notThe whole subject is aa interesting and emi- nently practical one, and will bear careful study.BeasBtloB JoorBBlism at Fault.; tir*ee(i«l*«MaMraik*rrriDmAM. andcrewMM•ytwm'mm•*•mMjm<• Ok*^wmof the Cora, and certified by a Notary as correct, aB the crew Itavlng been bom in the United States except one, the steward. Hr. Doh- OHVBasked anThe trial of Mr.jiv ra««<n Mwy ri»i<»iItWiMUnawia aW/a*H«cmpMMMM.mmm»• BBV-TOBX mots (W«klr>-^rwo DOIUM »forhisLast we called Mondayattention to the ap-MourirpourttK: tm oifiM Tna OtoiM «r«m,«( tlMdk. »!»(•<« at Mifai|rM%over, a in the minds entirely secondary pointfioatUvetpeoIoaBatardv. Dee. I,*M InourissueoflastMondayweoaOedat- DecSiWastioeiBadarCapeKaoa4^4A TALaana Coarurr.on an confession of his wife's —COMMERCIAL INTELLIOBNCB. IJVKBPOOL OOTTOa MABKBT.Xxanmsir or Fairihos ass Staiuait.ranrOR or nst ABTS, No. 6» Broadway—Dui-of the cattle was proportion left over for to-day. About 3,000were in the Forty-fourth-street yards, or 1,000 loss than last week. The top price was 9|c„ except,repotis the salaa of Cottoap— reiteratedaccusations byliarrassingm»- imifir Mriny.tr rKrttprevalent la Patrii tcon- sua. JaqryvwiivtoaaMMlMaCAA^TIIIm*- fer with his clients. The case was postponed toeAaLaar-^Aam' Couaonaa.a^lXBKr, Mo. •» Btoadvar—Taa Cnt-by peremptorysuggestion that resultingiaiiBit(H>eaOVra.'S aALLIBT, No. Til BroUway-Asm a5Band coarse, rough old oxen, at 6c.pecolstana^ ex*firm at theday. Annezed are tiie authoriiied quolatioDB :Xn—Taa TaaniSM An m"hadin reference to the Slave-" legislators,"parties prop- erly responsible for Mrs. Shancks' death.SAVAL-BTBKKT-iro. SM-WamoOK'l ru< SAUist. wOnPABmaaa. ^^^NE'WB OF THE DAY.The NewSecretaryof theof testimony servantspiracy" Congress pronouncewho "were;was really tried. TheBv* Mfia Ira Doirmight-irtirNMy—«t»OI«iriWkntM.8>«el»ena»»l»«nfc»ir««<«*«»MlM'i*'i» stitute,onthe<PerilsoftheUnion."Feeling,ini'iimitaaa it» OAuromA k > niini an th* common wbh many others, the necessity of wise ii^Mtan iCOTwylbitilcaMr. Mm, la wnwan. counsel in the afiairs of State, he undertook tothe restilt of the long inquiry was not so muchof enforcing the laws against slave-tradingcould have been even the prepared, by agree-ment Of counsel on both sides. All three menlention to the fact, that aU the Incidents at- (Tneadaj) moiaiag bv the Ptas»7aekt, M-in |H|^a^ lowBVMmiauorof Ber amrs oMalaaC TTft^ ._MilMila^Migive it, and at the same time admmistered a re-buke to Bev. HssBT Waxd Bibchib, whose ^ gOn thanksgiving sermon did not suit the views enter-acquit the wife of the crime aUeged against>MmiItrFmahasthecrime. Hie wanton and excessive barbarity-acTBw^leaBMUp Sttntmrgk, tnm1Htm-t«A,* »^-<rfAwn«r Ik* im>Tns TOoi. KM^Twk Ottr.la >inilwasWe think there are v«iy few who will dis-sent from the substantial this decis- justioe-ofwere on board the vessel andae matesonly poasible perpetratorofsucha TheU.8.Mifl A HeaaMMpLAVBA KBBfMTBKirax—!& Sana SiaiaBi. VBRBt •AMMBf—Sicaauio.W^XUiOKW TBBJCIBK—Tn HaBU Hnoaun.mercenary, and utterly unscrupulous in the pursuit of his selfish objects. He married hiswife for the profitable connections the alliance-n-T"-ii rf miliin ifitri li nhiaiwi repolaed wttt great loaa.The Anerlcaa aWs money.'MKlfVnmrTHIATSB-TmMiBOuin-iatnk- Sugars,Bice,Uolasses,Fish,Metals,Hemp,Hops,wouM give him.He introduced Stuart intothe deceased had received suf- ficient injuries to have killed half-a-dozen of her sex and ;" and these circum-ments from Bn able amoont aboard.tia LomsT Tioxar—TuSaisaauB's DAuaam. ' THKATXK—BrAunniftBaoaa^Onov*.mtHMT * OAKFBSLL'a, XIHa^ *!<>«—XTaia?MaOils, Naval Stores, and Tobacco, were generallywas for, as were Ukewise Whisky inquiredSullaeyt.and Clover-seed. Freights were somewhat*however, were lower.In the Cattle Market, yesterday. Beeves were inhisfacilitated in everywife, rncouraged his attentions, and laid theHad the casegLarge •blpments were expected to be aade By theMUHUM—AfttmooB »«* KT«iiln(r—Misi-heavy engagements of Flour (over 12,000branches, haveduring thecommissionofthecrimeandthehourse-brisker ; lauo—KOBHiHSCAU-WbuI*bf-A«««oOauBEia. bbls.)havingbeenreportedfor London. Bates,AUimtU,to lan on the Sth.Ifew good' cattle ofiered brought ^c.^Jc. V KATIOMAL ACADSUT, Tenth-street—AawsM' Fo!n> week ago. Trade was dull, and a fairdowry,CinCRBUXT inrSIC hall—Soaw ah> Dirois btft. above last week's rates ; but ordinary and poor grades sold very little, if any higher, than onedivorce from his wife. He based tliis claimpolicyBdchanan, hadcrime on its face gave evi-Bxmuoi.describedbyhimself aBliis nityrial, ofchargingthat honest andporters, closingfull ps\cn of tha"perhaps, three very choice steers, whichto be near lOc. killed and whenand be-may provethe administration of the and haa accepted, the post of Secretary of the previousof theira death-What can we argue," shrieks the Herald,Our Washington dispatches announce that Hon.hopeitprivate chamber.signThe Advices from Masehester are frvoraUe. The " from these facts, but that there is actually market liad an advancing tendency far yaias, aadAtthotighthediacossionwasanimated,thetemper ThereiseveryreasontobelievethatifanyoneSlave law.woald increase in thirty years from four and a just demonstrated bis party loyalty by sup-Biackw^li'squainted with him most intimately have al-c«i8 for thepatedwas ofgreatvalue inarrestingthatcase^Messrs. Pugh, of Ohio, Tm Etck, of;nor Cspt. MoHisoHxsT coold be found.Ite rmaetsoperationFugitivehimdred yards to the nearest point of land, as«.We have information fron the scene of the' lateandHoiBt prevailed, univeraal emancipation would largely as any memBeif ~or~Eis party at thehuman b^j^ on Uds side of the frozen zonehalf to thirty millions ;eventually take j>lace. The debate was partici- South, influence the hesitating and uncertain,Histam^psycholc^cal or mesmeric experiments were made to arrestif,mentaLdiseaseinNew-Jersey, Gbxsn, of Missouri, Docolas, of tendency toward secession which three weeksMore would this have been the especiallySouthern States had been violated they more discernable than in the mere fact of an were justified in brealving np the Uiii'.>n, acceptance of this position under the circum- In the House, business was conhned principally stances. Thanks to the plots of his Seces- to the consideration of the construction of the Se-wrote a letter, full of penitence and contritionfor sins of which her keen sensibilities led herto speak in extravagant and exaggerated terms. Her spiritual adviser, to whom she had gone for consolation, hands the letter toto be one of his—fession of the specific crime he was trying tovilt has shown himself to be, such rulings from the Bench as have always heretofore been given in these cases, and such ato secure the required immunity. The Captainof the vessel detained on the coast of Africa and the chief mate allowed to escape in the a port of New-York, the two subordinates may very fairiy plead that they acted under orders,2 o'clock this afternoon.DzirvxK, Saturday, Dec S—8 A. X.The Jury in the Harrison case have not yet agreed on a verdict.week var)ing from $331 SO up to 40. $1,SS6Tbe lediaD Tronbles.Foai KxABiriT, Monday, Dec 10.lect Committee on the perilous condition of theUnion, and the results to be effected by it. Mr.CoBB, of Alabama, announced himself as a Union fusion. There is no money to pay even tliebemay gatheredmany previouslyman, and desired that the Conunittee should com-menoe its laiwrs as soon as possible, as imme- partment of the public service is clamoringCapt. BrnCLI, with his company of infantry, re- from which he had been turned last night from Cottonwood Spiiags, where haand the Treasury is bare. The tkattheConventioncalledinhisStatewouldmeet disunionagitationhasdeferredthepaymentscarpenter's shopmet the chiefs of the Ogalala and Brute tribes (Sioux.)diate action became necessary, in view of the factloudly for pay;variouslarcenieson the 7th ofJanuary.Mr. Davis, of Mississippi,and the promised issue of Treasury Notes, owing todsclaiad his intention to serve on the Committee.He had entertained an opinion that the Southernthe same cause, is;to be received in thealsonoteworthy, that none of the crew havememtiers should withdraw, and leave the Bepub-been sent home, the prosecution apparently relying on the statenients of the officers and"."'"'Tas witnesses, to prove that after the taking of the slaves on board, the second and third mates still continued to dis-suspicionThe Adminis- dergone a modilicatlon. The House, 101 to 95, tration of Mr. Buchanan, struck withBcans to submits report, but his views had un-Iiggfaamtaa*.(hen refused to excuse Mr. Hawkxks of Florida;men of tlieCora and were sent home inevidences ofinsanitywhen that gentleman refused positively toserve. Mr. Bovci, of South Carolina, thenasked to be excused, and objection being things, it would be quite rational to expect aaade by Hr. SUiTB, of Virginia, another long Mr. GuTHBix to consider rather his own well- dd«teensaed. Mr.SkithexpressedsurprisethattheBepublicanshadthusfardeclinedtopartici-The Housepertoapture.Whatevidence, then, canA Convention of citizens of Kew-Jerser, calledby the leaders in that State of the Bell>Everett, correspondent, Vigilant,"Breckinridge and Douglas organizations, t»consid- in denouncing the Herald and its Editor. •r Ibe condition of National affidrs, and concertsuch measures as might seem advisabla-in the pres-Dec. establiah-ent crisis, w%s held at Trentonmodore Stockton, Chairman of a Committee ap- pointed to draft them, presented an address to the •oontry at large, axd a series of resolutions, inwU£hfor ttie present condition of the country, andnow tbe court-for- safely undergowerenaa,whopresided.CommodoreStockto.n andO.to fan the flame that threateiia to consume ftal labors, every sheriff will insist uponThe steamship from Europa,five barracoons on the sta-greatconfusion.adjoamed.Theygothis latest of modem improvements dnly in-in fact,cruisingyesteidsy.Fire at DanUeth.Cmotoo, Tuesday, Dec II.occupied.before these their nse-regardlessLiverpool letandQnaenatownonthe2d,passedCapeBace tinuetodosototheendofthePbbston and Mr. C. G. Batlob have not re- to win flected the highest credit on the capacities ofits proxlmltT to the four ortion. Alarge force of Portuguese assemblednearAmbrU,inconsequenceyeate^daj morahig, and a summary of her news, chapter.— hisof ,amen-of-war vrasSS.,puanUatatetbat ha is half-witted, <ad that tt was BeeMatoy abme years aiaee to'<pIaeeli]ai 1b the LanaHe Asylom at BUckwell's bland. These (spisaaatktkMM aesm to bs w»B atrthenticated by the young aaan'a appeaiaaes. The inquest will be resomsd this aftanioon.Joaa WiuMi and BAxs Olscb, charged with IB Om Tkau BiiUiaC. froMac tb* OMr voluntarily aervlng on board of the shve-barkCora, ware anaigned before United yesterdaypossible of tlglit nay profits have very largely fallea aw^, aad thrown atonaAlhe delibarate withdr»iral of B something muM be pardoned to its deMre of sovereign State firoK the Oonfoderaey, thereef amnaic of Rooon bb Lwlb. Partanfia nm MMii «rUnited States Grand Jury Boomi Judge Boositut and Hr. Hesbt to for the Qovenunent.appaeiatifcalega wrpareoseocfuftereed in ahip^Thethe crew list, contaiidng the aamea of the officersappeared adjoumment,the suitofofficers of the slave-bark Cora, sentinw*«MHP/krMm- Fridaynext,atnoon.Rev. Mattbbw Hali Smith, last evening, ad- «*lfc»lo»i^ dressed an andience of 132 persons, at Cooper In-as counsel for the accused, andconviction. assumed,tained by Hr. Smith.In the Court of Oyer and Terminer, yesterday, thetrial of Danixl Fislxt for the murder of his wifewascommenoedi and jrill be proceeded wllh to-day. In the General Senicins, several small cases werethrough the procurement of her husband, and in pursuance of a plot which he had laid for her destruction. >actingfl arrive* at Cowas oaths MNhatt.ihc,fcsa Ifair^att,dispcsed of, and one prisoner was sent four yearsEven whilepleteness of the evidence, it was with a sure foreboding that by some deliberate hocus- pocus or other on the part of those in author- ity, the necessity for convicting and punishing these men would be evaded.been lessmistake in the technicalities reliedupoiitosecuretheiracquittal; butwith such manifest and absoluteana six months to State Prison, ^his in the fi>urth degree.pleaof arsonion.It is very clear that Bitbob is heartless,callingsanityaverage of murderers, to exer.'"'—Breadstuffs attracted more attention, and prices were firmer. Cotton waa also rather more sought after. Bio C«^ee waa in request. Provisions,aslced the Coroner to remark tbat, in the case"lected for its perpetration, we found ourselves forced, by the rules of probable evidence, toiiaiWtavpt has aesaMsr-profsFair Ijeeves were offered at 8c., "weighed. "and a byinup openCourtofburst forth into a flaming and rampant edito- 10,000 bales, including 1,600 tosince was rolling up unpleasantly close to Mason's and Dixon's line. For this we liavemate of the West Coast of Africa.The chief-mate being thus safely got out of reagi^abie to infer that scrofula was at thebottom botk of his mental and infirmi- physicalexcited, tearing harsh treatmeat Newa freai Dearer CUty.cause to be grateful to the new Secretary, and to confide not only in his ability but in his un-It is very evident that Mr. Burcu had will-tlie way, and the captain of the slaver not sent home, the two subordinate mates may very safely be placed at the bar with such a pros-sionist friends, and to his own incapacity, Mr. Cobb has left the finances in hopeless con-Mr.shield for them, should all other agencies fail• currentexpensesofGovernment. Everyde-happenssuspected,on the recent Ten Million loanwould have been liable to be as hungmutineers had tiiey refused obedience. It isgenerallylikely market at a depreciated rate.orof these things, and merely upon the inherentimpotence, dissolution.is within three monttis ofConstellation,who boarded theestablished reputation, and to hesitatein the discussions. It was intimated in re- before he should stake it upon an experimentjectsoftheproposedconference;pateyciaiet that the Bepublicans did not refuse to dis-COM the questions in issue, but they consideredthat the proper time for discussion would be afterthe Committee had made a report. The House and unsparing; should he succeed, he will did not take a vote on the question of excusing have what in his section may not be the most Hr. BOTCE. Mr. Bqebman reported, from theOommittee of Ways and Means, the Diplomatic andCooaular Appropriation bill, and one for tlie sup- chief done by a strictly Southern regime, andof the Indian Department. The petition ofTHAVDCIIB Htatt, idative to the soSerers in Kan-saa.wasalsointroduced,andreferredtotheCom- monetarymittee on Tenttories. To-day the States will be healthy and solvent condition. Jt is this lat- called in lenlar order for bills and resolutions,and tltoae rmtive to the condition of the Unionwill go to the Select Caemiittee.anxious to erect the counties of Suffolk, Queens, Kings, Westchester and Bichmond,rially damaging the Herald's last attempt toget up a new sensation by representing thismetropolis as wholly given over to the sway ducad In the Housc,-aad will doubtless beooaaa a law.so with fraughtnpto the time ofWithsuchaofof her. But obviously some of the crew should haveperil,he fail, criticism is always likely to be unjusttogetherindependent Sovereignty, to be called either theStateorKingdomofManhattan. Whether His Honor the Mayor is in favor of adhering tothe republican form of government, with only the security of a patent vesting the Governor- ship in himself for life; or whether he has finally resolved on declaring an unlimited monarchy, with provisions for retaining the succession—we have not But the secession of the counties and theSnow fell yesterday ta the depth of eiglit iachas. The weather is moderatelr eaU.Blnlelpal Bleedeas. CRiMunums, Toeaday, Dec II.HoRAOX O. HiTTCBiHS, Cniooist, was elected Mayor yesterday by 724 maiortty.desirable sort ofcredit.that ofrepairing the mis- handing over to its Northern successor theedge of these necessary facts, all functions of journalism the Cora's crew ceasing at the very momentorder that haparent completeness threeevidence the agabtstlighter supply and generally of poor quality. The inga surrender of herhe claimed aguilt,the officersWe have the this morn- to gratifying reportremonstrances, and weepings, and cries ofoflast Winter, as theFair OrleansMiddling Orleans....In short, the general impression made by the evidence at the trial was, that Bdbch had ati»tf<m being tnm Hr. Itkbsom, of Georgia, the barrassment in which the national finances deliberately laid a plot to betray his wife into,afSenatorswasgood—themostviolentdemon- is to theconfusionandem- competent remedyThese certainly aresions to be based on a particular case of ai2a. 6d.; WblU, lla.aus. 6d. Ceaa qoiat. .tons of whose remarks was generally deprecated. have been left by the retiring Secretary, it crime, in order that he takemight advantagecrime, of ourgivejoyBefore the debate commenced, the House Treasury will be the praotical and experienced Ken- of herto rid himself of herguilt companion-andof Baltimore in its worstHate and Loan bill was referred to the Com- tuckian.that he escaped through the port-hole window No worseinterests of the nation in a perfectlyMAacBXsras, N. H., Tuesday,ter credit we cordially wish him.Mayor— IncindiabisvoptheHerald. Ourexcited—precise moment? that they did notWhilethiscontinuestobethecasewehave angurated gr^h. In a poUtlcal nomt of view, the intelli- no disposition, and do not feel called upon, tomUAbon*weeklater,hasreached ua by tele-objectevidentlybeinganother crown of popular martrydom by the Southern statesmen in that particular, it has boundary ditSculty existing between Ambrlx aadUarderers Sealeaeed. Boatea, Tuesday,ihenote b^g that the garrison of Gaeta had made aso obnoxious as tol>een determined to depart from prosaic prece- Portugal.Considerable fighUsg bad been going onDoc II.gence ieunimportuit—onlyitem of worthyinterfere. The merchants are quite compe-poeitionaottie andtMd been repulsed with great loss. The tent to protect their own interests, and they financial crisis in this country has caused large ought to understand them. If they thrive byforeignassistancebyfromriMshasaconsiderableamountonboard. Large tionsofanarchy,publicLoceaaar, for life.wereto-dayezportatiotBof specieEngland,and the £u-panics, and political excitements, and predic-new lease of life to his waning power, for work on Uncle—and the UtUie,whichwooUsailonthe5thinst These eralreignoflawlessturbulence predictionswemayBB^ments were expected to be made by the At- tumult,gen-"" anothat flagrant act kee Doodle" and "HaU Columbia." These Washington for her machinery. She Is the only new There is no obstruction in the river <» »=comitshipmentscsosedarenewalofgoldwithdrawals whichareintendedandinhiaeffortstoprocuiBfrom the Bank, wUch had previously reduced its rateofdisconnt.Alvbcd BuoBABAB, the young man who wascalculatedtosecure their own fulfillment, they do quite right to sustain the Herald by yieir subscriptions andon latter are banished, consigned forever to some steamer that has not l>een In commission. The Oor- of tbe ice. Tha boat from New-York arrived at 5 morfcipal rights."^[raatedSusquehannah,they are satisfiedinterest, they will There are some indications that they arepireStateintofiagments,men who may be misledany such desperate movement, should think twice and yet twice again, before lending theirDoc.II. fromVeaaatPenn., to be supposedadvertisements.the few respectableintocountenancing inpublicmeetingsanddriUs,andwarbledbylyingup." TheBnoktfnprobablyawaitsfundstoArrival ef PHiLAasiPHiA.Tuesday,the murderer of Mre. Sbahoeb, was yesterday•"wghtback to this City. He denies having com-reiltted. The*" *® but circumstances seem tofair Disunlonists in bower land hall.i"!! oflSmce,folnt directly to him. as the guilty party, and histial idea is a happyone biut in ;practiceit iaCvit,tsbei-iw.that it is notably change their practice.prob-The ini-paypreviouslytot>elng"wastes his breathII.They are doing now but what they have been a time whes that paper was not doing every-ispurchasersmightLoss, «80,000 ;fuUyinsured.worst itwasdeclaredthattheNorthistoblame sionsofthewoiBtclasaofthecommunityin activething in jtB power to Inflame thepas- ;contemplation. independent govenunentsThe dep6t buildings of the IlUnoia Central Bail-for theirotrhercrewInvalid fleet of line -of-batUe ships l«ok as formidable, and are as worthless as usual,— Wheneverof Bepublican aggressionAs to the schemes for breaUag up the Em- musical gehenna; the former is tooted by ma«li>«i»,lateofthe China fleet, and the Mtrrimac e'cloek tUs momiiis.^smm mmmmm mmimmmm'K!'<!^^9mmmm iiM..mmt.mM*HP»!?P"B«PPW^5^"-^-^•--'-tfS?^«( kMscics an not cndMad. Ks begbmias tb MBprtit IM iMBleoc of th^ piiit BBineB and exertton* toV^T- The HertiU AowB sign*^ fiBBaeial ^MiMd flnta ttwuditT by ike BaflBMl ^- *•***:»» Ita plnngcB aAer excitements are nidousiiess BBd wlekedaeas of Us metlTeB. more desperate and reckleas than usbbT. Its Whatever eolor beevidence, andumnTi n A8*rtleimayTreasury.and made announce- mental the aberration,ant, with a alight advance, priadpally oa the mid- yesterday, dllog and lower qualittea. The.salai of FrU^ wareing that Hon. J. B. Guthbii has accepted expostulation, us of still more gives glimpsesbeimpressed with this view of the case, thatFalrMobUes. 79(<l-|lflildBagU^ate...'.*3kdrthe seat in the Cabinet vacated by Mr. energetic tortures administered in theThe stock In port was estimated at which 491,200 were American.M*,SSa hales, ofsecrecy There was no room Jakm B. Outhbii of Kentucky, has been tender^, The change wlU^ be a happy, one. Daring left to doubt that he himself had fhimed thisCobb. Weto be true.Treasury by confession, wliich his wife was made to swearunder no circumstances would hewarrant against any prisoner found guilty in the capital degree, of been in"Mr. OuTBBiK, the financial affairs of the she had written and of her own free TiCMnry in place of Hr. Cobb. It is understood — signedthat the place was first offered to Hon. L. O'B. Government and country were nevA more sa- will that its specifications of crime were Bkahoh, of Xorth Carolina, but that he declined it. tisfactorily conducted. The commercial com- what he had forced her to confess by the tor-lis that we have no to the ; police equalThe debate on the question of secession,' com-menced in Congress on Monday, was continuedrasterday in both Houses, and occupied the at-taoNoii of the Benate until late in the afternoon.munity felt that perfect confidence in the cau- ture and terror he had and that Inflicted,the assassin ; and that, whether by day or The bullion in the Bank of Bn^jasd had liiiiiaaiiiil night, no one is safe alone, even in his or her <40S.G00.tion, economy and resources of the Secretary, without which the utmost timidity and distrust are so apt to prevail in the conduct of business, and the basis of a panic is so often prepared.dates were picked up by him, no( from any Icnowledge of facts, but from coincidences he bad carefully hunted up and made to suit his purpose.owndomicile." Againitdeclares,arguingon"the same premises, thatfor an hour, and tliat it is imminently danger-ous for any one to venture out at night alone andunarmed."The market was aettva. * money veryThe Bank of Englaad had reduced its rate at la- terest to SM fi centLrriBPOoi BBBABatvm mabxr.Measia. Wsxanau, Mam ft Ce.,Bnua>, Axka * Co.,aadotbsra,report: Fueadoll,aataHghay lower; Amerfeaa is quoted 37a. ad.«Sla. WaxACregaining them. There is some consolation in reflecting that all great evils, when they be- come desperate, work their own cure.The Bnrch Divorce Cose.Bitbob. the Chicago banker, conspiracy against his wife, has ended inThis was not the form which—but it was the issue whichor Innocence ofhis wife became, before the trial was back to this port in charge of a priie orewthem. The——solenm anduUrect denial of SnTAarr and bythe utter absence of confirming testimonyfrom any other quarter. Differentconclu-sweeping sionswillprobablybearrivedataccordingtoIsland andthoseac- ;positionchargeand so thanUess. Shouldcharge their duties as suchwith the City of New-York, into an capture, or the prosecution will find much of thieves, garroters and cut-throats.and Paciflc Telegrapk Companies has been Intro-guUt longTaesd^, Dstlufrom the Coast of Africa. No better case to ofthejuryandofthepuUicatlarge. Andserveaaatestinreferencetothepossibilitytoher, as to decide that, if committed at all, ittending the butchery of Mrs. Shahcks,Twelfth-street, pointed clearly to an insane wnibedueatHalUuoaWsdaaad^a^lit, ",family, knowing thoroughly wayreputation,forthe result on the strength of which, after extort-basis,deliberatelyifnotintentionally,Tbes* mavemants caused a oa rsaewal,alleged guilt, which, according to his own acknowledgment, he extorted from her by falsely pretending toBnt no such tame ancT spiritless view as this could be accepted by the sensation-lovingHerald. As a rebuke to our this was an isolated crime,The BroktTt' CimOmrfor the tnt^ at 70,000 bales, of which 8,Me wan te—know more than he did andIt is but a few weeks sincevELT, as the representative of the President,aad to 4,904wildering cross-questionings,light hoppers, system of constraint, one feature of wluch isHerald,frankly fistinherface." Theshakingpious body plundering this and franciiises"^avloas7kd.iIfldd]|aKllatifias....*KiL 7d. Fair vStmia.. rkd!With this conviction, it became a mat- ter of minor importance whether he had suc- of Kr. HxLB, the Committee on Military Affairs omen, that the seat of a Disunionist at ceeded in the first part of his scheme or not. wMinatmcted to inquire whether the eipenaea of the Federal Council board is thus supplied by The jury were evidently determined that he;the Army cannot be reduced without de- a staunch and faithful friend of the Union. should not reap the benefit at which he aimed. vored by those in charge of the prisoners itor. But now that the fiuta are before us,-ittee <m Finance;andsubsequently,on motionIt must also beregardedas aaencouragingdays, when thePlug-Ugliesand Blood-tubs forexport.Poaaquiet,wBh aenee^art laMByattriment. The resolution of Mr. Powill, of The recent letter of Mr. Outhsis on the No man has a right to profit by his ownwhile others, with much more reason, assert let us compare notes, and go before the publicati8s.9Ma.far North Aaaatioaa. LTvcapooL raoBiwB tuxtxt,PocAsns steady at 28i.ed.0Sts.; Peaila at alaaifyKentucky, waa then taken up, and Mr. Bio-LBB, of Pennsylvania, proceeded to give his views in reference to secession. He announced himselfhav- ebBrBetariBticsCamaqaist, Bici qoict, aad had paitiaUy daelhiad U,,etai^ ata Ihoron^ Union man, and declared himself tion of the Northern Slave States in the crisis;Snans Tvannun duIL Mon.—The lines east of Calaisl&e Hr. BovaLAB, to go with men of everyand rumors involving some of those rehableready,party who will devote themselves to the work of conservative names, upon which our confi-Thetbe operation of the Personal Liberty bills, noron the contrary, the porting Mr. Bbeckinbidoe, and who could asout squeezed himself, i^ot large enough to admit one day. He at one time became so unman- we are consequently onaUa to obtain tlie lemaindarrescuing the eoantry from impending danger. dence in those Slates has always depended, KTrnsDB dedazed that the South did not fearof letters written guage privatethe passage of any adult much larger thanscheme of secession waa a courageous stroke on the side of the Union and the Constitution. It came in good time for unreasonable—wrong, clearly principlethat a comfortable boat ran alongside the Coraon hist Sunday night, the chief mate taking an affectionate leave of his' custodians;doubts bad been about the expressedingtheappeaiBBcethehad obtained mischievous circulation.voice of Mr. Octhbii at ttiis crisis, coming as it did from a consistent Democrat, who had;and as to swimming half a miledisposi-As for the question of his wife's guilt it isscarcely worth while to make it a matter ofpublic controversy. Vhe proof of it consistsin her alleged confessions, and in the lan-being dulysalutedas hesliip.—of his cabin one account averring that heBaav waa quiet, tboogh theresoBa lautasai Magand it was thiswhich defeated Mr. Bcbcb in the suit he had commenced.foraverdict.The murderer turns out to be a29s.ai0s. SsoAB andM,lower, doll,subsequently, and ailer she must have been fully aware ofTom Thumb totheWallabout,asoneaccountsays,ortwo lumonhishia intimacy with hisgeneral"at the time of her eapiure on the high seas bythe and imder theof the murder was the main reasonthis belief-4t being a rare thing in the annals of crime for " a person possessing as muchTheanived at Qoeeaftown aafrigate Constellation;hatches of the Cora were foimd no less thansuggesting^700 negroes densely packed together.IHh.The poUtleal asws by Vaabmfm is aot -ef •• is-perfect in all itssome might beenage coupling stances with the reckless noise madestoodment that the moral sense" of the commu-changedtrade, no longer regarding it as that "which the laws of it toand that the President was so stronglyCourt by the person who receives salary asprqaecnting officer of the United States, and met with no rebuke from the Bench. Suchbeing the avowed opinions of those in power,what but a evasion of the law profitable couldwe expect from the subordinate officials? Accordingly it was with no surprise that we heard, on Monday afternoon, of the escapeofthechiefmate.oftheCora butthe; bung-ling maimer of his liberation reflects seriousdiscredit on those to whom the' task of free-ing him was intrusted. The pretence is,;having engaged the business. This declaration was made innoprotection for human life in this metropo-there was aa improved demand 4>r eietha. I.0EDOB BOBBT KABKXT.Bn«kMfffM vdjf'M*attention -to theas thecise any more cruelty than is requisite for thesure accomplislimect of his purpose." We The gaiTlBm of Oaeta had (fade a mtta, sM im*of their at this port who representth»|M^ Bank, wfalek Ind fie-theto take rougher chances than usual in order toevade a verdict of "guilty" against the prisoners.and wishes of Mr.conclude that thedence of "an insane origin."proofs1of gold withdrawals bom thevlously reduced tlia rate of dlaoooBt to Sif per cJudgeBoosx-expoiteis. Thecom-portut cliaraBfer.the construction to beevidence thus afforded is very strong,scarcely, indeed, to be outweighed by the is said by another, there does not breathe a ways regarded liim as " an irresponsible be- trouble to the 7th inst. Large paitlea of traofa fiomthe different temperaments of those who form them.uponhead, it wouldIHlnois, Fitch, of Indiana, Powkll, of Kentucky,Wads, of Ohio, Datis, of Mississippi, Hasoit, ofVirginia, Collamkb, of Termdht, Bbow.v, of Mis-sissippi, iTZsaoH, of Georgia, and Wiofall, ofTexas—the prominent point being thenolations ofthe Fugitive Slave law. Mr. Douolas combated alterable patriotism.the Idea that because the rights of the In nothing, perhaps, is this latter quality conduct of the clergyman to whom Mrs. Bdbch ecuting officer against them as Judge Boose- murder, he amused himself by singing andwere muchfrom the Federal authorities.ing accomplices to his plot, in some of the members of his own family, and that quite a new phase of pastoral duty is revealed in theFoaiDec passed hmts ather husband—whosuchthe Ninth Ward School-housewealthiest parishionerstofigureas a con-;without any previous knowledgesetting fire toThe confessional would speedi-ly be abolished if such a use of its secrets andcommitting many affrays,fix upon herwere to become habitual.— His Honor to become His Majksty. Welearn that invitations were issued upon last"Saturday to many eminent Fusionists" for ameeting to be held last Monday afternoon at the office of his Honor the Mayor. The cards ofinvitation gave only vague hints as to thedischargedengagingacting in a maimer to make peaceable avenge the death of the soa of the ehlaf of the Ogv citizens afraid of him. It was, of course, rlalas, on the 28th of November, by the dflaaaa efin his heirs-male been able to ascertain.yetresign respective stations immediately on ascertaining the illegal character of theFire !New.Albur>ment and contents, in our suburbs, was burned thisdisintegration!;in;come here andaiake a with treatybut those long whoareinthesecretsay,thattheMayorisforever,theirled- Nxw-JUba»t, Ind.,;Tuesday, Haviltok and Lewis's pork-packingob-'~t|^"'to our pre-adopted theory, very mate- merrow, and' wHl probably pass that bodr tn a few while^onCom- doiBg for twen^ years. There never has been only the beginning of that dismemberment The anttiorities would seem to have taken thinking of paying a visit to our City. Ofcity named from the balance of the State, which some few demagogues of our City haveNo less than thteeare already markedvoyage, beingforciblyor other travelers whomore now. It seeks out in the map of our State and, doubtless, malities usual inand it is doing nothing ; such cases previous to theirshould recede from the position she hasAddressesweredeliveredbyCol.Wu.C.Alexak- toincreasetheexcitementofthepublicmiad patriots get throughsationseither of facts or logic.—discharge.S. Hautxad. Mr. Jahs BTrSLINO, a Bepublican, the whole fabric of society, and to Incite mobs having his county erected into a sep-attempted to speak, but was hissed and threatened arate principality or dukediHn. Town- with expulsion. He persisted, and finally the and riots In the heart of our own community.Thi Mtrsio OF DiscirioN.politic statists of the Southern Republic, thatMaval latelllseace.The advices brought trom the AfricaB SquadronChairman, who had recognized his nght to the But it has always done thatAoor, put the question on the adoption of the ad-dreM and resolutions, amidW«e carried, and the ConventionCora, reportchants and business men of theprocessthe Mayor, has declared in &vor of having tempts of Mr. DuoLBT Mash, Mr. Ballaboand in that Imlltude arose fromCity always sustained it in doing so. They are sus- on the taining it now, and they will doubtless con-between the Congo SUver Ambrlx. ItoconoentraUon—The shrewd and —and the mer- ships will next declare themselves inde- is to be, propose several Innovations in the byofhave pendent Counties,and thus theofIn for diplomacy,Jng."cold ^BpMT'' minutes after immersion. which were triedunder notice,eaosedapeei^Hp-Cityitsrightsdutyof preserving our citizens fiwm the hand of and account.stripped and swam naked to shore, a distance were in undisputed mastery, could have been S7b. (d.dllTs. tA. Bacoi quiet good; abartvtUlm of nearly half a mile. This is the account fa- drawn by the excited pen of the sensation ed- ataOs. LAia trm at 7(t.aTli. InieCaS. Taunfdallanded off for shore. Certain it is that theport-hole through ^ich he is said to have times as-KbQ been paralyzed by -the- waMHba^^afBearlyyouthwith a man just returned from the torrid cli- the wounds liis hands and the maiforma- plyat>surd. The inhabitants of Mound City sad vi-President asfrom theas that of having set fire tofore,mayroad at Dunlieth iconduct of public affairs.is to on forever. His Honor instance, where, it must be confessed, the at- fleet,Porttmmth, the whoUBuchanan to act as a finalasylum, other atro- cious crimes of '.vhich he has beendifficulty in sustaining itself. The officers or men of the Constellation can have no knowl-No doubt the Herald's sensation style ofof herthere be that the second and third mates were not themselves prisoners, or mere passengers, on board the slaver at thatthereafterdetained board by orders of the captain and chief mate fsufficientbility of conviction, and the prisoners, there-benefits to trade such as this, the Herald hasalways been liberal, its cheerful and conser-vative Editor seeming only to know happinesswhen exercising the power of getting up sen- Loss »8,000 partially insured.quiteprecautions against any possi-mi«^^inptfamforce the State Legislature to again remove dent,him from oflSce. Such a removal would be a song. In pursuance of this astute policy, duller than they are at present Hands are being dis-therefore oonchide that heno stone unturned, no act of audacity untried,Sam,e]q>er1ence for "Yan- greatdifficultyInsupportingthemselves. ThePnua- cola, steam-corvette, is nearly realy to be sent toUntitled Documentwill leave Government are sought l^y the adoption of depend exclusivelytheMarsellaise" as a substituteAisAsr. Tuesday,Dec. II.bands In the street, sung stentorian voices b}ysteamer, reoeatly flag-ship of the Paciflc station, are"^ ' •»• Fawaee.The United awtes steamer Patntse,tiw^Riisappearmuch more cinityin the commission of the crime, that our remarks of last Monday were based. But the results now before "US, it must be confessed, give curious confirmationis intended exclusively for the benefit of the commercial and manufacturing interests of our City, and it is for those en- gaged in these pursuits to reward its peculiar talents by extended patronage and support. Articles of this kind must be received with sincere tribulation in the cities of Boston, Newark, Phlladelpliia, and other friendly com- munities, their depressing and dismal pictures having a tendency to scare away any timid bethe slave barkJmcmto, Hylic, Bumpttr andTbe ship /. J. Jones, from OardiiS tar this port, bilged yesterday 16 miles B«i Paa TOntie, aad be- the Constellation, San came a total loss. Tbe Captain and crew werethe aid of on shore.Matters at the Norfolk Navy-yard wars aeldomconvicted of his wBe, killingaentancad to the state Ptimm __^^_and wooand the favor and alliance of the French charged weekly, and the large number of persons whoBBTAmMoOKX,and JAXsa HnauT, convletad of killing polloam»no man's life is safestrong conclu- and must sincere to the heartsdoll, and lc.«2c lower siaee TaiisflsyFhiladelphian pictureBostonian neigfalrors.prettyRed, Ms, ISd.;BicHAaDsoB, Sraaea * C«. report 'Whsat 9d,4M. lower.LIVZXPOOL FBOvraiOH lUBXBT.lilm liis inpeiBoabaumrates. FoaOneuponbutjudgingfromUiesuddensuppurationof ofMorreoaiUT'sentrenchmentandresistanceIssiai-We also learn that while confined toKxAxni, Tnaaday, coach«fthe SthII.ties.his father's housedancing in an uproarious manner.That he was a dangerous lunatic, and oneduringtheday followingThe Denverthe Citywho should have been detained in thethe 7th ptibllsbes a nomber of results of quartz mil] operations, the proceeds for aandTheyThe B. M.The Ifewt of Eveninglanil andthe ,speculators,from ed Arm, with a good trade demand, and nliisudlau,qolatpush- of a half-idiot He has been sBbjaet to epi- •Mis. ftlon. Saais heavy at ia. 2d. for rnisinaand allleptic and insane fits for mBBy yeafB, soote-asageable that his parents had to cause his con- finement for four months in the Lunatic Asy-is attributed to cer- Fort I.eaveiiwctrtti bad movad t»-Mvai C%, ther«- joiiuog a force of 166 men from Fort RB^. AttamptaCapt. Jxamsor, bat natter hehavingtwenty-iTe flts iagavehere,manyaalof the Europa'i dispatches. REPORTEH. Tlw Kaaaas TreaMee.Coaaols closed en Friday at n%9n% for imir..batOds In good demand at set Dura On advanoM Ma.refusedthe commander. They talk of war tn tha Spring, tatoKearney City. _The NebraakAPABSAOS or A BILL TO PBOBIBtT 8LAVBT.Okasa, Dec IB. Uonday,to-day passed a bill to pndiibit Slavery in the Territory, with but two dlssantiac voles. TbeblU wUl be considered In the Coonetlto-dajs.A bill to incorporate tiie Mtasourl and WastanDec. U. David A. BmiTOir, Bepublican, was electedto-day, recelvlag 1,288 votes against 842 cast for BKAUiniT P. Coir, citlxens' caodidats.morning.destroyed by Bre tastaighU'I.eaa af tSUp J. J. tmmm. Naw-OaLBAsa, Toasdar, Dee. ILsaved.The PUIaJelrUa Nulnal ChnnL PHmaauaiA, Toaaday, iMc 11.The National Qoai^ t>f thia city, Col. LtlB, par- aded to-day for Qm ttratttaae as a SeglmaBt. They of some made a line display, and numbered about 220 strong.-atsady. Laaaaa Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 