 THE fBP2»i)IKO CRISIS. Northern men. Tbey rwalmed theWUmot provi-o to bocapacity tor active labor pomeaseo by Northern ttwa>aaam vnAarUa roar whole social tystetn to be 'itsThe Commercial Side of the prenible Conflict.recant bete in his ommttaghcase works as w-cIf and mefair pibuy t 1 which yon caa raise cheaper thanTHEU l 4x ,ftID Diff dec.OFt'.in. th? Cooper^ Institute was filled last c veouag v ''i» *o -mci- tik-3 audieac*, assembled to hear anand huge-hearted commerce—sn 1 here It taa^ti thesoformirg more slave States out of the vast and mag this jiort of 4he country,and then over the waajty. (Ap are said to be a very consciencioos people, descendedThe iarf* cali•Jifloeiit domain of our common country. (Applause.; Now, friends, we do not staud upon c impromiao. We stand upon something far higher than cempromiso—tome- thing more sacred than compromise. (Applause.) Weplaice ) Tho prosperity of the whole cocutrj^depeu is JroVihe i|^ritons"and" siso'ttoe ^ ^ 0 ^ ' ^ ) - ^en tbe alvancement of New Y'ork. (Api>l*uai^ yov, iientions people—I hope that you will entrustwill Had that it is a most gratltying spe<a*CJe. tttfek «ee tbe legi ion upon morals and religion the great Baler what are tbe demanes of tbe South. Toe e^utl/eat8 no ot ttie u; erse, and won't let Lincoln and Seward haveGr?ea took lhe chair.L i m a FlWM JAMES T. B»AI»V.despotic and tyrannical government of ours—a govern-ment—a despotism of the millions—aad for my part I wqaldieem it better and prefer to live under the despotism ofat, enlightened king than live under the despotism oTtbe free and sovertign State ia this Union, (I answer last tiillion. (appUoae). Then the South has hut one thing quettioc as an individual b-'-aase it does not iiran lb look to lor protection—that 1* the constitution. (*P my Stoiei, I shall by to tre atandard of that .-tat, nUusS) The constitution was male for her protection. and give -t the beet kASiatance in my p- ww 'Ibeconstitutionwasacmpactenteredintoontheurt (Great cheering.) But consider for a mnrawt cfc-rstandlng that the majority should er vera and legis. where we would b*. tSuppose Weorgia sLoaMSECESSION, Ac.triiI *teiTb* per-1Toe tha mslthoi tinaddress from Hoc. t a . L Yancey, of Alabama. Abouteight o cJ «« a gentleman came forward on the platform stand upon the constitutional compact made by our anl eahed (or three cheer* for the ton of th* tunny fathers with your fathers, and we take that compact as itthen, lock atyMIr coasting trade. I/Mk at it, and you ere a cwhenever that eompect Is rioWted, who w there tiigW law and' not by the higher law, (Applause) than the States' Who is more aovereign than th«was interpreted by th'jm, and by tne Supreme Court of Soaia—nationality and democracy blended In one—oar the United States, and witn this faith the south takus her frier*, vTm L. Yancey, of Alaba-na. Th* aadieuce re- position, and from that position she will not roftae, nor • in thy be driven so long ss there is a Union worthy of being preserved. (Loud applause ) What is that coo<»tl- Mr (itSTTAVx.4\V SMITHthencameforwardand midthat tutlocalposition? Itttthis. Wearstheownersot tourthe natiota: <.mocraey of the city and cosnty of New mi lions ot slaves. How d»d we get them ^ We have in h.-nud them from the men of the Revolution, who foagntthe bbtl.es and wrote the £*tclara.ion of indepoudtsnoe, Vim L Y»ne*y, of Alabama, to address them. and maintained their principles by the spiling of thotr• r Y axctj tad aectv'ed. and had named the ear,lest blood and the sacrifice of lire, courago a o l personal wel lata. We have receivtid this system of tabor as a inheri-who are disposed to legislate for material to- to steal away her DOgroea (Laughter and Btapi^ase.) 1 not going of courae to consider tr-'s institutionsponded w.ib votiferoua cheers.the irrepressible conflict fellows from Btjpllnfc our They •Now, is there anything unrtasonubie in that! (Voices. Its tod try. I may be mistaken, bat I amYork ha-l, through ito authorized agent, invite 1 the Hon.U t t e r -ed to pi tect material interests alone—that it is not a over us to the Senate You hnv e more votes thaa we aew governments. (Cheers o Governmesis shoalst.a« eoessst. n with t n previous engagements, nnd w u tance frcm those men wro, ofUsr the Declaration ot Inde- the world. England, with ail her acknowledJata poweryour own President—you can reform the legislature an 1 the judiciary Y'ou have power iu ai! the branches ofe government to pass such laws as you like. -If yourentire ccmmaclty Is swept away by a policy that osder mines It or deals it a death blow directly; when tne social relations of as enlightened virtuous, Chrtttiaa peupto shall be utterly destroyed by a policy which tovMioasiy ondermtoes tnem and products inevitably a contest be-n^w here so i 'got. in comnltaiire w itb the invitation of the pendence, wrote the constitution. Now. tn that inatru-mict provision was made not only for the increase, butn the world, is'seeking a spot to which to make $p*toa— and aggression probably for the very purpose df conquer- ing catiou after nation. v.ho«o fertllesotl andwmate areoomavtiee, to address the assembled citizens of NewHphysical power goes to outnumber us and ommit agg*e->f r ibe saiety and protection of the slaves as property.Yoj t and. through the telegraphic wires, tha whole people But at ibis day it is propounded in high quarters, and as flue 1 (or trying the experiment. England, i t e r all ef-e actuated by passion or preju* •c or by a desire ofa higber Uw, that there is aa irrepressible c© -fllcl La the coostit iti<n between free labor and slave Ubor, ani that that conflict must go ou until Southern institutionsforts, t as ntis -d cotton at a cost of fifty contla pound, which she has wld in tie market ia cempemtim with american cottou at ten to ufteen cents a p o n i » W e askNEW YORKbetween the climates of the North and Senlh, and of theSHEET.ties of tbs old worldat Boasta has got tho right ef revomttoa fteaoghas got the right to reswt if you try to put a knife to aw be 1-loosen tha bonds which bind them-withdraw throat (Cheers aad twagnter.) The rigbt of rsveniioe mrestraints which control them at present, ttapa'r ia tha poor aatft right, tt to ao right at all u H ir minds all reverence to tow aad aoaitituttooal only tha tost expiring throe of oppressed 0ttfoaa.itrort.y. aad ao power oa earth caa aave you rrom • (Tumaltuous cheering ) Yes, gentlemen, there u tie truclion. Then, I tell yon, there would be sneh an up poor, degrade 1 people, that for centuries baa groaaei vug of society as was never heard of before. It under tbs armed beet of a powerful despotism, that knew uld be like tbe terrible borsttag rbrth of s volcano, ao nghto to the meases aave tha privilege of reodenag use fiery lava would overwhelm and destroy yoa. ap their hard earned earnings, to order that the Bastoriiplause ) Bat I have said th at the Boatn would not might revel to mtamosa and criminal lutury aad wealts 0 mil. I have said that tbe South would not aud ought Poor Italy is trying to raise op her bleeding and braised herself, hey spend to the Northern States on an aver- BUJ to submit to any curtailment of her constitutional body, and is now, perohatos, oa one knee, aad, wits maage ten liars for every negro per annum, which would no| U aod equality—(appiauee)—to any deatal of her nacieo hands, . yet|atraggltog for tbe great right of ra be $40 .,000. And th/so forty millions of dollars Mr. r»g to io the government (Continued apr-iaaae ) It is volution (Chests) Have oar fathers provided no betthe lav applicable to the Territory., They claimed that well aa of taW beneficial rrauita Bowing -fraaar. thosetoey should have ad. The South, while recognising the injustice doae her under the Missouri ompromiae, was willing to stand by and adhere to the Ideafrsternal riJatlona. Tb is labor is the means or producing mooh wealth irom the Sooth, ami while the white ooopie of tbe North can undergo continuous labor, those 4of VneGREATSPEECH OF WILLIAM L. YANCEY. wwch appeared to be the settled poKay of the country. i-ouih, exposed aa tbey are to the Beat of the climate,of carryto devoito ra:on our mdua try. Tne Booth does sot choose * *"—her labor to these things. She is willing what she- can and sail It at a e, and then to go to you andThe convention whish was thought to be n convention of ultra men—the Nashville Convention—propoaed again the Mtsannri compromise as the measure by which theIrre- South would stand. But andxg that this compromise repea-tedly propoaed by her was reyocted oy those who had thecontrol <t legislation in one of the branches of the govern-ment, the South threw herself on her constitutional posltW'C in the government, on the prln :tplea of the constitu-tion which made them equal to tue Territories; she de- vi'H-t -ment bas also been the means of peouueia* wealth maided an equal showing in tho Territories, and she never to both sectVons, in the friendly competition With demanded more, (appisuae.) It does not lie in the other coon tries to carrying mewhandias--abroad- mouth of men who propuoe to take all of tho Ton iU>rtes,tltsg in these Territories, to sav that the S<mth is »«<•«"slve, when they take from the South mo privilege of product* and dispers a them, two thirds throughNew York is tbe front heart oMhe wh'oe coanmerV of •and to ejctnde the owner* of 4,000 OOOof slaves from sot thecounirv. Commerce lias it* seat here— iargfheaidedof tVs Kr«-' confederacy. Mr. Yancey hal been requestedto iptak fir the political issues of tha present canvass.That the meeting might' proceed in order, the speaker anil Southern citizens are ail destroyed Geutie-| no premium bgaicst coiEitlit'.ou with the cafiivation of man to I another in bondage oar rathem settled Ourupoe and tbe people see that the atia-'k upon tbeai« Hona opon us, and therefore 1 say you can do witiibut comtng. tbey will not watt until the aohcy « the constitution. Then with a majority ia every |de- clinched upon them. The very moment thesr partment of the government, what have we to look to for equality is destroyed hi the government under ttw constitution, then, la my opinion, tt becomes tat duty of tbs State- to protect its people by interposing this reserved right between tb« asu of tat general government aad IU people at a when it aoeidetermine to Steele to tbe event of the rsfawl to admit a slave State Into the Union. <-'org!a has deli»«. rate-iy reso'ved by ter ordinane* in r*>nvpciii<nj—uj mf afactofbtr constitutioo and irr- peaiabie, K»V» as ta ' constitution ts repealable—tbat iu the eretit of a rr/saiacm'.nated ihe Hon. Juige Jag Green, of New York, as chairmanot, of course, to hold propertyto man.l d ot i a p of our lathers and tuasoinpnct which they lef* To ' nomination was rat .tied by acclamation, aad Mr. us. (Applause) In that irrepressible cocflicl all tho.^ei good men who love the Union and the constitution, audi love justice, truth and their neighbors at th> South, o.ust suiud by that constitution, or eise they will t»e| Tr.e foiii wing tetter from Mr James I. Bialy was road recreant to the principles o.* conslitutioual 'oyaity., (Applause ) Now, wttut has the cooatiiunou dona|:amll various demonstrations'— t-jr us? Our fan- rs were not only sla^-e uwxnNt.*« YORK, O t 9, 1880. ers, but they bought slaves in Africa ani tm' iflua r";n—It would give me very g.eal pleasure to at- juried there into ttia couutiy. When lae framertlSouth in that respect is independent of the wv rid. (Ap not bold pony in any black man as a roan. As apiause ) Now, how is it with your I ' k u r m m u will man be ekongs to my State, and ia protected by it msy chance to glee us. If so, then I Bay thi* ia a mostmen, there. Is aa lrreprtwible conflict between] tobacco and rice. The peculiar products of Stsutheru ttat gentleman and his policy and the vsri tabor defy the competition of thf c vl; -»d ^*rld. Thefathers liisiaboitiled tbe right to hod the negio in* bondage forprotection? Not to numbere—there we are too woak. But have we no rights, or have we 00 rights bnt Sach ss are subject to your will—but s.ch as f mtooU the o. tiiegof '••» Breca-nri-lge and l,une party, to it ihe constiVitlon were drawing it up, Virginia dosirodl moment. Nobody can compete with yon' foflvor carsy- life or laliire his lirabe; if I do I am liable to tbe same pe-be bead at iUe Cooper Institute to morrow night, but I caanot dot o aa I am to speak at West rrov la the even- ing* la »--i u».. I of our pi .LCiptes and th« Colon of ourtr. get rid of slhv. rv , but Ma-jj-ecbu-etts ti.d several oth-tt Sthtis dcyirtd that it Ehoold be carried ot—(laughloj and a) piause)—and MaE*4Chusetw and the othur s.ateSnalties «j if it were a white man.A Veto—Suppose, as a man, he runfi away.Stifles 1 -.grit that I cannot hear Mr YUacey, whose that jooied with h<r succeeded in etgraftiug into the couj eloquence t.as woo him a reputation as extensive as our fctitiition a provisioc that the el WJ «ututc should not b^ter) Tgrtat m-mb-i ' 'o receive i.im, and will give htm tha hearty and en.bus'astiu wstcoiac winch v stranger of njei.t is sur- io obtam in the c ty oi Now York\mst. mecl hast apoa reuabor, ... wave to a) from *hov able the 1 One t'.eajtU. tUgn you « na the mi-ei'.Qf of our frieuds, 10 say thai, thatfathers, ote w th the otber, tuat it should not be aUfed -$uch law protecting our industry. Ve don'||i in ship we iaavd, orses that run away. (Laughter ) Uoes th»tdepriveoaevaaa. ahatcver its liaae tnav be iii our ticket re- slaves which exists 1ut she commencement of tbe Kovoluceived a vtte net greater a cumber tna1! taat of the menWh» oig'ied the IVclarailoo of America.. lad«i>onUeuce. or tion, but demanded iLat that nornbjr should be increass|d no such benefit—she acks none. ; She caa uf slave Si tee—that that Is to accordance with the spirit ofwho mel tu the Drat &>uvf ution »Ui;ih adoptdd lha coostl- by iuif.^rtation un'.ii tie ymr 1W8, and in that year «(o ford to let you b»vo all that (a^lausa^ 1 Icmw the con iliutioo and the teachings of the fathers. All the tutii'm of ihe Airn ncan l'n oe , 1 would tieem the small l»ss than 100,0C0 were imported into the ountry under some of our Southern friends complain 4f thti, jiad say it vast territory which belongs to the governmtent and LOOrtif|«trio.«bywnr>m'«jitbuimap.-wrtedismore theauthorityofthecouBtitutioD,audItisthedescendanis isnotexacslyri^U SouthOrolin*youknowouce whichtieSupremeCoorthassaidthegovernmenthoidsworthy n>y aum.ia^lon ibau th» i^.n |. l^-rfui host ever of tbece slaves who ax-' now Featured through the South brought us very nearVio verge of dissopiitOwto cocse- ia trust, for the people of the several States—for ern States And three are tbe slaves, guarantee 1 to us.0 remmnn wuh all uf theoi. I am, as I always ru"a been, li, I*capacity 1 pnasess to insure our principles ani candidates an aide at and effective support. Yours, very truly,J i i T. BR.tHY.Mr Yancey was then ied forward and mtro lu^ad to North; they seemed to have foreseen that tb;y wouldgencrali portionjjcw of our own rights we simply ask ef y >uroeperity is to be curtailed to precisely that pro gihto men, to curb your will, restrain lhaV passiocate de-(Applause.) 1wtll consider the question here rate fee the advancement of power, let not a mere feelingthe rt<H :iDg. Oe was greeted with load and long con-die ont in tbe cotter Sates of the N'orth, and that,sider tothe point of assault which the Soath 1- under going. gatn„they say that the s a v e trait- between the States f all be abolished; that they have a right to do soethers aV tuey would have ottirrs do ucto them. (\p- plause ) I have been asked here to night certain -, c a - tions, which 1 deem it right to aoswc r now, at tbe- pre- sent. One of tbe questions is, ''Would you consider the election of Abraham Lincoln as President a sufl.Cienl cause to warrant the South lo aeccdinj from the Union?" The second Is, "Whether, in the' case of Mr. Lincoln being elected, and any of the Statesunfrendly <iemotti- rations but they wtro promptly sup fact. And our fatntrs were not ignorant either thatpr*esed.there would altrays be men along the borders and near the Southern States seeking to mislead the slaves; and therefore they took the precaution of Inserting in tneis the result, then comts op another q uestionir Tnia inuts.al iaterchange of commo<iitle8 tDroiighoat our vastcountry—the gold of California, the gtila dY the Wen.,the marufactures, the commerce—what mom? What asound magnificent basis is prewestedin ^esefitates for aprosperous Union under our glorious coajultiKin I (Ap-plause). We a i l each other with a proper seanse of bro-tnerhood—a proper sense that we areCitiaeuSflf the samecountry, that we have a like commof prmpctiou, andshould deal out juettie to each section with an equalbanc not raising up this section at tfta expect: of anyothers—knowing no accttou, but deaUajfjati hem all lat i e Stalls is incident to its life and prosperity Coo ine a one spot and say you must make a show .ere, and no at.ere else, and would tnat roepcr'* and thrive and be a behebtSPE|)tH OV WU. L. YANCKT.Mr Y axcsi proceeded to address the meeting. He constitution the provision that all fugiti re slaves should be*a:d —feliow en, ens of New York, I trust that an Ala given up, ant made it incumbent on the Slates that theyshould a<d in the execution of the laws, and that theyshould cause all oecapuig slaves to be surrendered. th* language of fellowship. 1 trust that the hoar Is not Therefore, while there were provisions for the increase yet arrived in which, when an Alahaminn speaks and spread of tbe lnstltutloi, its protection was also lo his brothers of the city and State of amply provided for. Now, the law is given to govern- ment for carryirg out its great mission, theNew Ycrk as brothers, it will be a subject of jeering protection of life, liberty and property. Oar fathers in- and of hissing. We ought to be brc thers, If ci eased the power of protection, and this was done by we axe not. There ought to be a brotherhood of citizen 'he constitution. It was further given to the slavefaold-ship throughout this vast country which would knit thocgh the slaves are not citizens under tne form of our together its social and its business relations in bonds so government, yet our fathers had a three fifths repreeettmmunity and htmssir* Y'ou know it is not so. attempted 10 secede, would you support the Generalbaa.an may yet sptak to the citizens or New York Inuld be allowed to seek its own mart and level, you are interfering unconatiti-tiocull, and inl-government and the other State* to maintaining tbe toLrr amended till lbOH Hiw 0 «5s that sued wua thf pipg—you do. Ai d yet jrt do i.oi complal jjpiow, howthem of being property^ U any man dectrlne of the tmpr-sable conflict 1 To to" it acpearjs is it with you*' There is a tarlifcf from ,tvt< to tiiirty takes a unaway horse and appropriates tim.the law (•tii a deject in tl'S StaU;, but not on cwditior- of surren- ifcat there is such little aireemei-t between per cent on jour cotton and Iron manufact fo bo calls it1 elt. Sowithantgro. Now I with you 10 en- aeiiiB or !}„;».lfy(Og am part of our pitforio, or abao- the i,J>o ihicgs, that the coostitution knocks the sure we derive a revenue from thorn, buj bu derive force thi law wheu my negro runs away. (Applause -) dntiliig '•«> SUtr <»rganu:»iiiMi I noufi<»r ilce'.rcl nor irTC^resaible cottii"! on the h«ad. That our father* also a premium to your, labor, arid co'ni tly the Now I this institution is assailed, and I will give you exixxteo. tu >HS nemiaated aa GOT*'mo* by thu nattooal provioea for the intreaso of this institution is b-jyoorf labor ol the North, that I have b<j<*a<Fcomparing a Southof n man's view of the position which we, as de- dtuivi ra;y, but 1 wit! che^'riully abi i« tiie fo.ltioe of the all aoubt. Th*-y were- tot i i'-isfled wuh the 400.000 with that of the South, has tuo'heDoflt ot a pre fendanti ocenpy, and tbe position in which our assailantsrtj«OT u» a.iopi »ny honorable course to >uiuro Mr. i.ia*plaose ) i do not .disguise rr< m you—I would not have it derived much benefit from the existence of this vast industrial snd social relationslavery. It has been said that the Siuth ismad. I £peak to you here to-night for the home that I not prosperous owicg to this institution, and they utsaid that cotton which is so valuable, builds up be meniiced. Emissaries wtll percolate between masterotherwise—thai/speak toycuhere to-night as a Southerni the South de- With thfc election of a black republican all the South willA Voicx—Let us have an answer to the- question.Mr. Y'Ancav—You are impatient, my friend. What is (Loud applause). And now, my friends, let me c.v capethe-r own State, and their own section, better plaose ) ' When the Revolution commenced tho Soufh tnan they do others. But l trust they have— possessed a population ot $12,000 whites and 460,000 and 1 desire to-tight to inculcate in their slaves. The North, on the other hand, had 1,900,003whites and 47,000 slaves, making in the aggregate about bosoms that they shall have—a respect, and loyalty, and a half a million of staves between the two sections.ture in tbe summer ranging in thai >pea air from Mr. t'aacxr resumed—Gentlemen, there are various about it This question that is put 10 me is a speculation the government that bas made us bsppy and prospei aiyesterday an t today, if it did not exist befire—nor loy- tion is well calculated to -iiprove their condition. ThiV alty to an endangered constitution and an endangered are not treated with i-ueity nor tyranny as a general tu.jnundertheconstitution (Cheers) Therefore, thicg,althoughinallcommunitiestherewillbefoundbeat anl moisture generates do not silec "tbejblaek man. He moves among them pei ev.Uy unhariJMd. B e Is fitted forsuchacum;,to. Hard*JabciandtheSilvatiousjncl-all which were not expressly given, or wero not uet s- aresofanaticalastoimaginethat theyaredoinga Barytocarryoutthepowersgranted,werereservoito good RUdjjust thing In carrying on the irrepressible con the StUes and to the people of the States. My Sia .a has diet between the sentiment of freedom and tho sentiment 1eserved powers and reserved rights, aud I believs in of slavetw. So that you see the South is in a dangerous the right of severplon. (EXCH•J cries "f -(lood.") Vir- condition! and that the torch, when applied, will come in gitua and New York were pari:es to tbat compact. Woenit prodaees%oi»nservativo majority in favor of tU« coa thou* people. But tbe men of the South, like those of the lie, alth-ens, an intelligent ana a happy people. Also that mywhite labor. How utxsrly absurd to an ^an. who knowsseek your genial clime. They fill a"4]yo}(r watering an allegiance, to the common law and bond that bind us .How is it now Accordn,g to the best statistical state places; they hd the hotels of this vast (eiiopoi*; theytogetfc r in one Union. (Applause, and cries of «• Good.") m e n u , taken from official sources, there are now in thoI fact, too, the diTculty of addressing a popular audience Northern States eighteen millions of whites, and to the places of rosor< seeking not for pjectfeation. but in this canvass in, any otherstisius than as the advo- South eight million* of whites aud four millions \>l to get rid of the miasm, the lev j, tne hazardsbiacks. Now this will soow that population in the of lie that arc incurnd in the hot Soothe uclirna e in the cate of the election of Breckinridge and Lane, whose North and South has kept pace very well together. In tummer mouths Ami hew do tho o/en *>r* avoid tiiesefriend I am. (Cheers) But, my countrymen, events fact, the North has not quite come up to the Southern things? They protect thcnasclvcs with 11tie care thathave happened—the wires are bringing the news to usnow that the great State of Pennsyl vania, to which good withstanding the great advantages in this respect whichyou have had from four millions of foreigners^—a b-.meutwith umbrellas over their heads, or BO< | the shade of a fitcndry tree, while they tee the s'avet jwo|fciog in the broiling sun withcut a hal or anything to protect their heads Why, the ntgroe can alme.st, lik |tha eagle, looc the sun with tbe eye. (Laughter and a p.auae ) Th'se glorious sons of tod, who are satisfied [ ith their condi- tion, love their teasters, contribute to t f wealth of the world and arc the btst population under -<je ian, if these philosophers will only let them alone. {Greet laughter and eppai.pe.) Bilious fiver ao-i coui Jstivo chills areand conservative men have locked for sa'ety in this can-vass, hafi given way, and is about to cast its vote for a crease of the South surpasses- the natural increase of thowhich does not extend to ihe South The natural In- sectional candidate, on a sectional issue—a candidate North, and it is remarkable that the natural increase of'on the Irrepressible conflict in the underground waythey hare of doing those things—of carrying on theIrrepicnjible conflict not in tho open face of day— sticA a thit-g as a State receding, but the South teceding\is aall of whose sentiments are at war w t h the tho slaves ia equal to tne.r mnsiurs, considering th.it they are in a sickly country, exposed to the cnoudaly constitution of oar country. (Cries of "That's so.") I heat of a Southern sun, and tho masters are protected by therefore feel It my duty to night to try to rise above the exemption from real mai ual abor. Yet the black any party aspects of these questions. These aspects, population, notwithstanding ail the dillicultics under which they labor, and whicn arc incident to their con-insignitcanoe beside that other question that has arise a dition, have kept pace with those who are ia hap-00 aloiu! it (tiries of "Good," aod load cheers ) JUc, u not meeting the Southern men face to face—but carrying thing whif It I cannot awyrrihend I d»> not know h.jik tkegmat and interesting as they at all times are. sink intothiiigs |e c ihar to a climate where heat I d moisture pre in tosuraection in Alabama and Virginia, and in various man. (Cheers ) I believe in the rights of my Stateratio to the increase of population, and this, not- a man can who does not It-K-r. They oil p ROto the fieldvails; sad great htatacd mojituro arS>fccssaary to the pier clrcamstanoes of life, it proves that our institJ- cultivation of the cotton crop. Dut tU diseases whichother States. In many places the thing is showing itself, The c-ihstltution cf my country tells me that*certain ana ii wll spread, too, under the action of these marau- powers were given to he general government, and tha.passing aside the mere claims of meo, passing aside these hard men I have no ilo">l it is so in New York, dent thereto do not destroy the negro. sjjK course,tthey pTeater than it is to the South, tht-uepmere questions of party politics, and end. *\ irtng to rife i•o tUe d'gnity of this great queetiou— ho sifetyof the country under the constitution—T »>li' y(>l toQighlinbehalfofthatunionofgoodni<-:A>-1'.-.i,bntie inaugurated here In the city of New York, ao i *n.« . m- to ..•-p-ial extent. Now, these facts abjjt are under the c.mniand ef a^master, who i eanaot be denied. Figures, they say*, gives them their foou and t'hei^f.ciotbtng, and• 'tviy arranged and cilouUtad, du not trcm the natural seiusliness which is o ion to ail men, i >eiievc tney can very otten bo local .'d in they are occasiocally kept at work , ;er than theycrntact fflth a very ltflammable article, and it will oe a the question was presented, the State of Virg-.niaje.i- borne, and still cairns to bear, the title of the yucca CNorth, Lave not been wasting the time that GoJ has tho whites, snd see if it is not so. ThU hows that tho stitbtion and the 1'rion. (Cneers ) fn «•• aking, my j ench « tioountrymen, In behalf of this great israe, I sa.il! neoesga- i thef a-rtero bus been a large amount of surplus pro with the white race I ba*Privfd att South. SeveralB.tlon in 'oice Ihcm into the laioin. Therefore I Mieue in the riyht nf a .State tt go <>u' of the I'THOU, if she thinf-t l<rtj*r. The ^tate cf Alabama in her i*<si ueneral as-yournr.ly have to deal with the fate of ray seotim. I sii t'i ac- diction f-om tne two sections, which we old nut j cars ago I ,»Feed over a road leadini td Tuscaloosa,Iu 1810 the census returns show a popuiat.-n inCcinnai i ot 116,4-oe. aid in Kulton (wbicn is no« inc, ?.( •• •>->,! n.sL.ns • Inl.l .1 I H K •. I> in the city ; ol y £14, making a total of ll8,bV> it ioessar'iy have to deal with her posiUon in this I uioo, require for our own uses, but exported to roreign 1:1 Alahan.a, called the Old I ine Creek rt "It is a levelJMt, present and prospe5tive I shall nocwsanly Ihave to deal with her relation* to the constituiioa iand th» Cni'V, and her relations and con- imen. doubtless, tmiuigw in it, Vut it is no less a mis iv*»> that the *>mh, on tre erwt i«s.ies that divide tn« i Interesting to mqalre how much has come fr-;ui thj0 man exout jrreat duttry dwii'ojea—what ^ill be the rtsatir We become e gbfc 6ut, I go with her. it sbe leniatua in, I r. mainand South, hm boon sn a^gresslvo South. *'*r, preatly despised Southern section, where t is said thai danger, aud wo have to lake," life care ofcat not do so. No —wh"-i"t-e —ma—n c—an w« o«r*k at latboLba.rijoo.1o3s OCunder the fervid sun of the ftoatb, R U eon- seqoenoe that everybody worka is tho North. The*otrpatton,rd as his clerk to whom be pays $1,000 or ( I COO an hard ."«>•*«•»>•*»» »« — •---* - >. rj^- ^Buually.and with a far greater •enaa of respoaaibrtity The conimercc of the Nortn and South to its l»ptd-de-thing from you here but thaUyou will not a'low anVtwdy anytbtndo with tt. (Great laughter ) Now, thoseNow you on the North think that yon can do wtthoot the Oonstitutton in one particular. So far as jour relations with 1 lie South are concerned, you can do wtthont the constitution. Why ? Because j ou bave Ihe strength and power of the gov ert ment at year bank. Because you have one hundred and eighty three electoral votes to one hpa dred and twenty. If you pat eectton against seuifun yoa have sixty three of a majority over us Yon have more votes than we have, aad therefore you bave a majorityparties to tbe compact who bave reserved rights guaraa- teed to ihemr There are rights reserved to these put*. tbe coastltatMtc Itself gasrsateei them; said toere b ito great right tbat rises above ravotattao—beoauae it a tke rtgbtoi humantty, tbe right of aivutsaUoa, tbs rtgtitw an intelligent public opinion, the right c' freesva—a&4 tbat is, tbat when governments beoowe oppreseire and tabverstveof the objeau tor which they formed, toes, a ihe language ©four fathers, they have the right to fur a-'ett- Enlarge jour jails and -peniteattaru-s, sfaeOforoe teresUranl ttrenethtn your police foice, ajd v *ke«pas one* at class, no matter how much yon Buffer.Msrenble-cloaO^ocaiiiuer^espedieti.:y,orgatherupthe byIheconstitution,whomMr.SewardandMrLincoln quenceofwhatsuebcfffl«edto,beaotecfimtnationbe AlabamanswellasNewYorkshallbekeptclearofSlav-jection. GeorgiawouldnetthenbeaStateintbeIii»a ^he \-ouit! be a conquered province of tii6 I'stns Wool! toe Inion tten be a Un»n of las Stater, sT Union under tb.J[eoast:tini-n, a f'nws or States free and equal, based on the mutual asSpoils of a victory soogtit -oly far its own 8aKe. But even pre pose to take away frcm us by infamous legislation. if I were Kflseooed lu my personal course by mere sug- (Applause j Now, gi ot; men. what our lathers aeerae|dgestions oi policy, it would not differ from what It now is, a it :i.g sc- racreu Ui»t i ey demanded a coustitutUuAl Mr to me <t is a most obvious certainty mat Mr. Douglas guarantee for its Increase, o-ntlnnance, and protection asaadnis moahereot uoituua about slavery in tbe Temto- prc-jtrty. should certainly be no less so to their sous, and rlen will, at the cIw e of this canvass, be obsolete, and Un>y. therefore, hold teat they shall not be robbed ofthat tiert oan be no national democrattc party la this their slaves under any 'orm of law. (applause } Not country hereafter wLi -A does not approve and alvocatS only did cur fathers provide for the increase of thisthe aoctrines promuigated ia our platfo>m species or property, but for its safety agaUist attacks which To the gaiisnt men ot our noble State *ho adhere cw- are made upon it to this day. It has often been sandtween the iiidustr.ee of tu%po.iitry. But that has pass- ery. Thftre is an area of territory belonging to the United ed nwav—there is cceapjtrj.fively mutuai (jtadersuumiog States Utfge enough to form twenty States equal to New now. We hav*vWT5me fjmcwhnt near tOi.a'ihbsUotiai Jersey if Maryland, and even, I believe, Soutn Carolina. agreement about these matters. L?es pro^eafion is de In all trite territory the Soath is to have no share what- ruaii.'pd now than kirmeely. You can npawete much ever tolaettllDg it wtta its property. The South wants easier wilb foreign indtistry than formerfP^Jmd by-and- the advantage of a community of young aud sister States by, perhaps, you win be able to throw it orj' iv tae c.«st around j er 10 sustain her against the con:!ict of sectional wise trade But tho (act remi-.las that youf ifcrtnern la- passion! she wants the advantage of a spread of their bor deniaofis and receives a premium froiZbtte govern- toaiitotj u, which the figures show yon is as much ment, and that Southern labor received none; rind yt-t it for yo|r prispenty as for hers. In other words,tiemen,God has given that instinct to tbe poor wormthat when it is tread upon it will turn against the foottnat trsmp'es it. We. thank God, are men, sentient, in-telligent men, who know our rights and who daretof maintain them. (Applause.) In the advocacyonL our rights we do cot astail, t,ir do we in anyway trench upon your rights In our advosa force that fctate mio surmiss.oo, to i.eep her a coniuerMrageously t. oar caiuh1,1 promise the exertion of all the that tho constitution of thi United States is Inspired outstrips the labor of the North in a fair com*«' (Ap if theij are to be no more slave Stales, thewuh something ainv-st Divine. Thoe-: great meu who plause) Now this proleanon Is very 4uab!o to framed it for the common good seemed to have kaovn you, a-1 it la a>o valuable. lo u | , s i is va-what wou'd oe the uliiiuate fate of the negroas in theluable to the wools country; and I.doumt monllon these facte for the purpose of inducing inyonmnin Js any fear, ljet you UBBtbie. cent p*r c*nt. * l!.tru8tlr<)U a«Luot en that level ia which your loyalty can onlywe moasur-thisgovernmeut. (Daughter and applause ) p o * If this under tiie constitution. Now, thai slave trace betweenas a consequence, they would seek to locate themselves intioui a cheer g TLere were seme slight hisses and othar tho more genial regions of the South. Such has been the ed by tha amonct of money ybu .mase out ofing States for three-nfths of their slave population. Altbe land. But this cry of the assailant Ik throughout your borders, from the n Maine to the Golden sanCs of Uregoim re3ounds ml cast of cry of the ity of yoar ilf worth ,t when all frith, 'it, andan to abolish slavery to the District of Columbia, senals and dockyards.—"Who says soT"item—The abolitionists.and black republicans I call them all abolitionists. (Loudapptause.)I knowilno distinction. Seward says so, Lincoln says so. L ncotoijOrst enunciated the irrepressible confiiat. (Ap- plause.)! Put him to power and he will build up an aboli-precsible conflict; and if others as faithfully do tbe South, in a generous, noble and enlightened spirit a their, duty, he will never be elected. (Applause.) emulation, and tbat the bayonet ahah not be thrown u 1 am asked, and have been asked before, whether I con tbe scale cf the North, as the sword of Bretcas was a tn.f sider that the election of Lincoln would be a just cause lor the fate of Borne Lung to the teal*. (Applause) Q-n the BC-OI salon of the Southern States? "hat is a matter to oa a fair showing It is all we ask. Qlv» as ai come after the ballot bcx. (Oncers and d£isive laughter, equal chance with you. It Is all wc ask Tra'sflrt and cries of "Answer tbe question") M quiet, geutle- not our civilization and industry with your atbeevs men. Hear me. hear me (Great exapement and tu of emancipation, your schemes of abolition, your set-aa mult—crjrsot "Order, c.-der," from the platform.) pon'l to encourage raids upon us. Give us tbe show ing w« ginmat< the t in-: the wate the 1 thcr •per and! tbe 1 selvi Uv 1strong that the fanatics of the whole world could not tation by virtue of their pots* «*lng these slaves. But assailant which, it is said, is made by burst toem. ("Good:" Loud cheers.) I am not una- then tbey were organized as p operty for taxation, aid people, that this great institution.ware, gentlemen, of the delicate position which a speaker from the far South occupies « no, in this hour of an excite 1 poi't cai canvass, nndertai.es to speak In one of the North-under the constitution direct taxation Is to be Impose 1 it $2,800.(00—worth incalculably morethe proportion of three fl tbs of the population. Here, its social relations which are intorwo eajiroyed—thisthen, is tbe constitutional increase of the institution ofslaver;; also tae safely guaranteed to tt under the prowh ,oii must go down if that institution it,i salonble iustitucry of the assailant of this great and'lion, now present- an luasue. 1 ask ?|oil]'gentlemenern States words of truth and of justice for his section. visions of the fugitive Slave act It is an acknowledg- or New York and of this iS'orthere stcti } f«sky>u,an tion parly In every Southern State—there is no doubt of it.Fahrenheit. Nowhi<e man can aland Timor uuder tha;travel ail over your rivers and lakes, ani, tioS at all yourcountries, and it is well kuowr ihat P. uauou is gxneraiiB ooltf a repioci. When I went to AUtoamai D 1(36, what do't'dged by the quantity of surplus pro-ircts which it ex you think that was calledi* It was calied t Vfjoow'sroad. tie men, Jppoee for a moment that the South w.li submit perismotherpartsoftb>world Tii-.ewaseuported Un1ewasnotamalebondofafamuyUig+there, fheGranteetiatiheSoutbfloessubmit. jr&ntedthatsueNorth , moralised with tie white H:v' bla'k man. What is iurj oumrlvis The white man cssi^a •ta.d the tne feemejitsuiio as l-kiglau 1 his experienced froni her eera|x Jt is a grave -1 ,°su a for any citizso to doa- very far. from it. The readings of "history, tne teaoUtflK< I>?i the agitttors and p«-'!;it »! speculators 'oot at the clnoate.the negro can. Eat even adr jt', that the altinpl ip tet ner liiaves Lee, and to eo loavor aud ex liotr ihether he will diesoive, or aid in disadiving, theofyourownageeruty.urown experience,altdisprove actual figures ThoNorih eaporled$5,211000exilu whilemancanstandit,hocannot atCff. ttoncrop peeltotisureItiefamedegreeTifprosperitywithtUo3eit The South asks nothing of this g >'-eromaot but aim slvely, with prorliice araoontitg to (flsOOOOOOO aal It is planted axiui. tbe igt of Aprik—I.ie t week ia slaves irer as when they were tiiavoa in bonds. Tae ex-pieprotectionfwimwrong(Uv-ers)Acclaims,andSltOCOOtoicelaterewasexportediathatyear^Sl, llarchandthefirstWWkortundaysof\fliranain..111[.erience-ifEnglandandallothercountne.-ouihelaceofhicta,coat-acthisSlatewithti.iggov.rnm»nl It fe qufBtion, but one which I hope .j,>a m bis J-ro-s u e m u . i t h s v e l t , a n d ( w i t h m u c h e m p h a s i s ) ^ i e w i l l 4 1 7 OCO o f m u t e d p r o d u c t i o n s c r a m o n t o b o t h s e e t i > i , s o f t h a t t i m e t s h t h e c r o j i i s g a t h e r e d — w h j L n o t b e f o r o i h e e a r t t i s , t h a t i f y o n f . - e c s l a v e s y o u c a n g e t n o w o r ka !isl of flb.fcll—neai.y doub - Ibat of lat'..- The ucn -iwillkeepmefromconsidering,bjthesafetyofo.tii.shasatsobungratna.anlregularfrom>«r e r u m t n t i n t h e e l e c t i o n o f s o m e m a n o p p o s e d t o rrepreeeible conflict" party, (fleers 1 Butwti-ea comrs for me to make up my mo i, . will l<ive or she wU take it out 0f l t (Gh»rm> fair calculation that tho N'orth has oDe tnird can be sparet without danger and U&*;: CSmiitoi- <u ia civil wurttiid desolation, (applause.) If these results Ce!!be|aiecoi."ultation with my fellow at zems ui Alaba- of that The whole product then Is $18i.ei>2.000, bor is ibsoiutily hec-ssary far the aaf%y fad preserva follow 11 as, what result! will follow to j ou* D-soiatlon ma Y|o| In New York have nothing to do ^ th It; tothlng. '\ZViS? * ? . C a "'l w » «*-as very possibly it of this tbe following is the proportion of tho artto'es ox tion of that plant ull through the hel.t qfj garner The aiso to uStreet extent. The employment cf vour shipping W'batefrl-r deliberations jou choose to Lave, as citlzenfc of miiht be done and I am very far ,,om noii/m, it can ported:—Cotton, $1614,14 OtO: tobaxo. (21,074 000; cnliivation of ooliou is remarkable. I|j!^v4 5een a Held gone to taie extent of three fourths, jour warehouses de- New |(Sk.oathe fate of your State, will be for j'*or- notbedone—thatwecanbeamoreprosperous•*»>,•>&n;sinandturpentine,(a,554000;riu\$22t>7,0u0;tar 0'iiveortu!*.ufliredacresinb.ine'bf"»;•jlineioiiebsertedandemptytothesameextml,andyour SelveftjIbavenointerestinthatquestionexceptitci-outside of tie I aionacidof mecon tttuton.anfiX H ! and pitch, (141 000; brown sugar, (SO 000, moias«es, growing oeuxitics in which there was tj^t-a siiasr of «rara mcrcbaiii| duerted. Take away, in fact, two hund- denta|)}t. and have no right to advise wttb you or say era mind will reject It The South is loyal to the c-im M-.M0; hemp, (9,000- (A voice—'Hemp is still grow- to be seen. Itt cuitnatiou re.jure* nioroi^arearid at.eu- red millions of dollars from the three hundred fccyibah* to you about It. But upon this Prcrldcojlia]> e a r . I c i e m t t t l . l s i r o 6 g . r p r o o f o f m y » » > ! • u o i . — 'have it. (Tujr.uH«Ka cheering ) Sho m >.,t h^v », aad she the country, as to N-rth Carolina, Tennessee), Mississippi the 1st of January, ii tbere is a faiv V.i4,>-.Jtter6 Is no; from thefji. All tbe evidences of history show that lolig the nur.oer of voles polleu 13 the c.ly abave a rt.il great' r propon enale increasee.. it.en return? show lie- et.ttre cumber of voiesp^'v m tbe city, including Fultoo, f.-r the ot'iae of CJmty it* s-i'er. in the la1! 01 l»4i*, to •» 1^.'* Al tu' e-ect.'* ' ltOV the oflic.a' re-tuns at-^w tb<i r imiver o' votes P"*forihetameotBcetobe'J)i-X)(byn.<meats.he'.ar(* vote we bave police), although ih- rot- flioy. atw**' cording to ihe interebl mant.'esl in an tie>:i»'a. n »s ar prescmplion thai an «-!•. tl' -. lor the Barrr- l./»i o'lC*that being a ve»y proUUhi." etc. would r: aU ibtW J^*'_*, r e e t «n t t M equality m tn^ L'nioo, one week of intermiiision—n«t OD-I *eiks|i*f ilu? lab^ter and Illinois. Ohio raid other State-- Now, it is deemtxi a :tomper w|th these Blaves is to op» n a patu for bloodshed/i» guide The i<«pact which her lathers made with yew lathes, and thatlJ)K, I hope") A gentleman says he hopes that heeuj is lion than any of your gainen produrtsvitod semanla regu-mi11tons, land New York will feel tne effect; ao c ceetion I have a common iote-reat wilb you, beo.au. •• lit iscom;«ct she means to doiend against all comwa, whether mill growing. I am glad that hemp yet grows, an11 am lar, continuous,persistent Kbor. Now,4jfin't yoaknow that will Boetln and Pniladelohia, and every msncfa:turing tbe election of one to administer the government forithein n majority or a mincnty. (Tuma.t«oua che-ra t °°jyaorry that there is not much more of it. (Loud white labor is not continuous and petl'stont duri ig the ctty in the country, with all their great interest al! will next four years—for my State as well as for yours There-ewJShe ciAiaw only ejuaiity wiUtm the Unwn, not aakmg ofj r * TM 6 / •*<i applause.) What is th* result of loose »hcl« teasotii' Lo. k at your strikes. £f"bat do you thin:;evf eo cue the ane TTM BOt Will ran AllI nig and few Ing the Hotbea boa asuand erethis jtovt^msnent one ningJe act that wtll agfreas oaTasn aihwi^i'. TM* xT thom rte<1*» " » South m the dscal year the effect of one like that which took mica ih the town of a'1-0 feel t le lesolatlng effects of these things, though,^itb y^u. But whether my Slate or any other state Will1 it—to defend yonr nf hts when assailed, whether fresa si^flJahiriz, ***o fdollars, exclusive of the am.-uot -liotis would bo lost to the word;.mossier a revo-abroadorfromwithm, the South has occupied in this dr«SBad^li er o m.°'! l ,It would be a grave mat*.HERALD, THURgDiY^ OCTOBERJ^lgg^-TBIfLfl the staves.!: Now, what you 1009000 ia the cost ofMtVartfat tbe merchants of Near York woo talk about negroes and we are bntisned. (Appl^uSe) usion f< the purpose of saving the country and"No, no ") It istha voice of reason; It IB tlM vpice of loyalty; it is the voice of oommooJsense—wwch'those specuAtiDg thoori?t« do not have. (Applausaf) >'ow, I tay that we ask nchiiR else. When oas th« a»uih corns and asked you to protect her r©t,lon? OectlemaB, we defyreadyit at the feet of philosophers who will teach me t my idea is that tbe government w u lnstitutbear with mo when, in a friendly .way,^1 tfloaftak-'to MySta ays, "You shall not give him ao unusual or trace the history of Ifglsiation as regardajJJorSkfn labor. cruel tupping; If you do, I will fine and tmuri How often ban New Englana beseeohed fk>ngpaa to give son you one or both, at the discretion 01 the j-idge or protection to ber cotton aid woollen! msEafaCtures f jury. A| a man you shall feed him and shall nut starve How clten has protection been atkedBTor your bom; lf| on do cot give him a fair allowance you iron manufwturt^» Aud you, gefttleSij; hence will be tjjdictod. It is a misdemeanor and you snail be in New York. Boston and Philadelphia ffj^eSot protoc- p-mlshe^tor it AS a man I may work him and exact a tiou to your flapping Intereetti ..Ja$ t w of'it a proper dUgree of labor, and no ttuther I cannot Uk 3 histbat, if Abraham Lincoln, or any otnar man whoaiai Abrshacc Lincoln, or any other man ia the PreaidesUw offlje shall miertake to use f- 'oral bayonets to core* 1' destroyed. ItUv i better than anv other home, for the State that I 1>ve vidious manner. I do not desire to make any such in- oat of which nationalities make their pi .t, derive their ground.! Tbey will be found everywhere, with stpych-boturthananyothtrState,for the section that I lore vidiouscomparisons. 1rejoiceintheprosperityof this falnetonottoourwells, as istthe case now to Texas.be:irthananyothersectioi.—(cheers)—myotn.Andsection.IrejoicethattheNorthisagreat,aprosper comfort—thatthisincomparablearticleaheraisedby(Laaghterandhisses,followedbylongand1>udapplause)myopinions,theyoughttoabidebymyd«ctsioaswhenIsweigheddownbeneaththereheavym--'t»WhenQtbe general manifestations of disapproval which they are uttered. (Cheers) This thing of asktogad vice j I feel, g*ntiemea, that the hour progresses in wtxh it** followed) the speaker's allusion to the poisoning of the of a man, and then not taking lis advice, in a monstrous | tests m m be applied, which tcits may be attended will sptr.t to a brave people who love their own homes and cation which make up a true and grea; manhood, (Ap necessities of the cotton product. Wc^am a tempera wells uilTetas had subside 1, poor way of getting along Now, I am going to say this the rending of the ties that bind ur, in the dtsse-lat.) dsure>> it may not be amiss to speak these words in thissection are not bohtolhaad in aoy of those qualtties<iii| aanything of our climate, o."oar system ef^abor and of theone hundred and ten to one hundred, anl,IthMy degreesclothing of tbeae four millions of twfroea, which North fnrfiisheer The cost hi some twenty millions dollars. Twenty million dollars* worth of cotton an woollen gooils are bought at the north; and not oat; that, bnt tve millions in the shape of axes, hoes, chains iron castings, &e., are paid to the North for the purposetow, aad oheysra of It a* -»f •**- But, allow tha eaemesU of dastractloa,Seward eers at, and thinks it tolly to regard the trade as an pnrtant one. He would not legislate of coarse to relati to it, and Lincoln, U p f * o m e , would never thi.ikc.i akli g it a material subject of consideration in the wayTn legislation. They want to carry out their peculiar beordlical views in relation to religim and morals aughter) Well, I h»p^, gentlemen, as you1she is to tbe minority Cnder the forma of law, ter rats for oa? Yes, they have. They bare made tka j o e could do as yon pleased against her Interests. B it was a gOvenimeat existing npon tbe will of aoverrige 5i*w*~ th|conslitutton made lor you to exercise your will at plas- a oompact between aovwMga States, oot outoe Suies s» tvikl Was it made only thai that majority might oppress fbroe.Bot made consoltdated maaaas by tbe coaqjertag thej minority? (Cnoaof "No ") What was the constitu- march of a hero, with bis army at hit back aod his vwore tiol made lor but as an express assurance that the su oug thrown Into the scale, where the will uf the coeqaered u phouid net oppress the weak aad trample themdowu? not consulted. Tbat Is act oar form of governimat (Applause) Tbo constitution was an easuranca to tne Ours Is a form of government that the peoplehave w It-J man who had property that he should tot be robbed of It is aeif goveromeni. It is a government where St, si it—an bfiiuance to the minority that tne majority bave willed to make a con.pact with each oth?r aadschool fi ethical theories—that we are all to worship as we see per, and that our morals are to be to no ways Daeddhd with, except that we shall be required to act w th d- eg/aud order. All these things are left to tbe todividui consciences and to the consciences of public opinion overntog the Sates. Government deals alone with* thl material internets of life, and is designed for thef protection of the liberty of our own citizenshave, and therefore you have a majority over as In the not be changed for light or trami-st Bouse. Having more votes than wo bavo, yoa can elect caawse, but whenever tbe whole property of aaschoold of their . property. It sets up no morals or religion, touching tbe right of oneing trade. Let the English or Fret.* shipsajftur b/ thee*de of a Yankee Bk'pper io the f^rbor of Mobile. 1 taicto them tn> 160 bales of cotton, and I Say to| tm<i Eagiishe.apUtio, "V*hat will >cu lake this to Ne^a'-grk foi.''"For a dollar a bale,'' Bayb he Can I seed "U by him ccptlitullon says ho shall be delivered up. (Great yon tctreDch coon the constitution as given to .he coun-territory, and whuse views oa the important questions abrt-iisieJ by act or' C.Lgn-»s, uor any amvodment > f th0 The YaJ-kee, along side, »ays, "I will take .tfor two doi c c W i n J ) Gentlemen, the negro hat got legs, try by the patriot fathers—the constitution which ku to admit a State- into the Union hectare it is a slav4Kiat*,nowagiiat. g our country will be delivered in the at- cui.viivttoii, before the jear IS08 (Api la-.se ) Un,ief late a bale " What am l bound to dot lo gift- ji to Ibe jou mly be cerUin, and when any of those spe- to day as it was then Your fathers then agreed to allow(and tbat is a part of the trrepreWfeir- policy) it nk%i b« tbe duty of ter governor to call a convention of tae p« pie together, ana it is made tbtir duty to g • out of its In ion Thai is tbe law of Ge-O'g^a. and she w 11 reesjta tbe utmcej, and sever the last tie that binds her to lot Union Now, suppose G-irg;« d<H-e 'tat—mattractive him foriibae manuer by wliicsh his i 'a'.ory is dte- the ti.netitutliv all ether clause* but tc^sa relating to tae taey ling;.t*bed I <a turt tWst our people W 1turn out In s wvea c 'uld be amended, u me ;>eopie i'isir d it ba . th* Y'aLke^ skipper, because our ct*»ticg law-s "a^otec£ the culatingn ^.•"osopbers go down Souththat our lathers should, in alt timf to coin- be g verloedby the provisiccs of tne coDstitutirn l'ou may .. . r it.you maj change it, becajse you h.*-? a superior physicalfotce to us; but there is a certain f i l i n g within!thebreast cf every Southern man; that feeling is loyaltyto the fundamental institutions of the Uad; loyalty is r-he goe; out of the I u* a. She does awtile p'ride of the Southern heart; to this very door hurt you Shs does not trespass npoc }wr|and to that leyally, and to these fundamental pritclf-'ec r.gbU She takes nothing with he: toat beiocgt "-jotof tbe government and constitution she now appeals. She takes nothl-g but what belongs i-her. aoe raerelf(Applause ) kllnd you, tbe South asss for nothing tnat is wi'.fcflraws from the goyercmei*. Suppose that luf 1.-lenot her right. Shs claims nothing from ynu that is ral aim; was told to march agaixst ber, and toe est;not her due. She elands upon the platform of the con told to blockade ber ports, ano rppoee thai >*«ur|a her stttutioo when you stand—>oar peer, your equal. (Ap should be conquered ty these eighteen millions—a toeTbei knoi steal a ao her 1 wrac Beat. At elwate teg a aad sea. ately targf at th wert i • •-int. Cs of the Rlav» truffle were so str uuovis in favor of tbipping of the Northern Stat.s u> the ex<"|jfepn of all make bill think be is one of the worst used people in the hal there is a dimtict provision of ths ronstitunoili others. Conseiiuently yi> .r hhlppirj is encouraged. Tae uorla, d perhaps be runs away, and after being halfthe ciai^e reiuting thereto ohall not be am ;udedl carrying trade ia inmost exclusively coiitm^d %> tho ex St&rvfd the briars and brambles he comes home nun-triei <act ft was bc)(nd tae reach ol cucetilntional amon-il- 'ports of tbe South England, Fraxce hud Ha d cannot g<-y and agged, and is glad to go to work again (Laogh-X'eiuiii ni< , us I am thus eall«d upttn to oaniualcate fit tbnie*» H was a fundcuisatal provision made by our compete with you, owing to jour laws. No e got no ter) Bj raimg away negroes is a common thing. Nowmium given to ft by this tartft. The ^gouth hashinad,!i we conceive. They say there shall be no moreplause) Whenever you propose hy a system of lioc'itpocue legislation lndtiecily to utdtrmice or pet rid ofthe constlluti >c, or to carry ;t o-it according to the merewtllof the majority, the South wil! hold up that instra-mant to you aod say to you, by this you must »e guid -i,amiwillfurthersaytoyouthatso longas yenare loyal dt-tenders and observers of tbe constitutionyofifareourbrethren. Butattempttosetitasice,,todestroy it, to trample it tn-der your foot, then I telljyojby- tbat first act of aggr-'^ion, of ii vaslon cpon ourrights, we are free and indetendant (Applause) (Jen sent of the people ? No, U would be a military deHoiisaThe very moment such a thing occur red the whoU- ' - acter of the government would becom* rcvolntiou -1/ and the Cabinet itself would do, what Georgia l u u . i done by withdrawing. Georgia by wtih .rawing, tea-M you free, sovereign, and equal States in the Union, aa4 she herself free, sovereign and c|ua' out of it Situthe spirit of justice. That spirit shooldi hrougnoutto t.'iat extent. It is so In regard to any pro- of the, Union at the ballot box. (applause.) I freehand rqual chance given to their incut-try and cr.ilia twelve States have passed laws to that end. uon of Abraham Lincoln, the author of the irre march side by aide with the civilization and todsstrj 0/(Laugh-Mr. "JUASCST—Then I recover him, because the is the constitution (Applause) Will tbo Souta petfoittutter ofjjwnai the teachings of the fathers is upon this cflpride create and force an eunity against us. Btse toquestiolj. lain now making a statement of what I con thr high eh vat ion of good and wise men, who will do tomodes by which Ideas are expressed. Men have tongues, on the future It is what I consider would happen in tha and in the destruction of tbat general prosperity wtica a burning sun, and they do not Ih own* « of ths slaves and thef speak reason; adders have toagues, and tbey event of something else happening. 1 hope to GodTthal the admiration of tho civilized aod Christian world. 1hiss. (Laughter, and a voice, "Put the strychnine fel- that will tever happen, and that the speculation will fee! it, gentlomr n. The keystone of the arch of the I w lows Otis ") AS 1 was saying, that in Texas it was proved never, come to a head. (Applause) I aai no is already crumbling, and tbat great fabric rests o. «.< beyondft.U doubt that men were taken there prowling candidate for tbe Presidency, my friends who shonlders of New York, (iheers ) In tbe hands o? » « about, sttrxe or whom were called levellers, upon whom wrote these .questions though seme of you seem York is the decs ion of the quesiton. A more wetgDii were found all the means and appliances of exciting the to have thought so, joe"e,ing from the inahner question never «as before j ou One freighted witL ti' slave* there to insurrection Pistols and towie knives, in which you have treated me and Mr. Breckinridge. fate of socieliee and o' natlonallttea is on yo.r mm and boxjp cf ammunition, were found to buggies, and of 1 am no candidate for any office, and 1 do not want your Peace, prosperity, union, the coottitutiou, ihi blretii;-' vartousjtinds in different places, and such quantities a>*o \ vote. But I would like to advise wlih y>u and getlyou of Christian liberty may depend upm the vote of Ne of strychnine were fcund as to excite wonder as to where to*vote for a good n.zn—Jor a*v maw. I do not care uwoU Y'ork. That vote may crush ail these things Thai v» In the wprld it all came from, ana where on earth it COJ.I1 is, rweyxiny vne <f the vrrepic sible con/.'tU men. l i p may perpetuate these bleesiugs. That yoa may be c-yu have beet, all manufactured But there those things were roirkms applause ) In the f.rrr plat;e.' these is nj iucA gentlemen, to the great responsibility of this ojcasluc found, and for what purpose do you think? Of carrying tAtn^i $rthe South seceding, f co not hww how she .cjwtfd tbe prayer of him who addresses y;u, aad who ao» l/.*you, respectfully, fareweil.I'biter! Mai'»-s, to convene, witbiu t. . mtay days afW he W v»ar «roru the whe e ount-y p-.-ducti to tu•> valacl wouneu lived because they were not expi ledito the noon thinks hat the mere form of tbe constitution, afcertaine*- ttat tact, a conviction of tne people of lbsaec,tioos witn yoo in thii section of tb.9 aounury. I of $"&.'! SS4 000; fifty neven miih-msof wnich wore tii day 'B sua co>> (ho night air lloing Ciin4 lid in hoiseht.' I« <s another m-Muke ibat is n. tde^ by some mac—irooit I sptcie, leavhg, as the lesult o f p n ice aud aatuai la'iorl eulies tiuya-acaped the merulity^lhat i irrisM oil nearly ii? euougltifor Ler, even while the fpiril of it is tied. <veu State, for; the pu.-puse of cbOBideriog the -,uesliun whichNow, of this vast quantity i.f p j^riy, it wtu rmt b» un jou the nature o; ihe Soutuurn citms j-oees hiru*.e!f to tbo heat of tho su!ihewm of(271,292000fr",fi?>'"l"endiog.l.i-io,L-vJD. v.hilcprcjpertyisunprotectedandtheli^esotheroeoole i*heretTeSehte-tome. ItK-a0jestn.,'rthedecision every man living on that roid. I'menplh is 10 thow unsalr—«thous'h her propony become a '.esolation—h«r ik my Stale—I rannot den'o •. A* one id the cn.Jenswtalth wlistea troai h .-—her tU ids b "ted up—her to iff Ala|22x>a Ifeo»J abide by the ff.-ctsi -n ef my S tie If labor met^s with to reward and that everytb'ng is de- like St. Uwmin^o or another Jamaica. We can hut ex, jut th lrr I cannot do t.tln.rwise. (Laughter |u.dding banps who are scattered over the country, and whowonder.liithe institution be not blown up by tbe torch of pressed he- willingness to join under the compact, the tntellvervbiglies.(Laughter.)Look,coghttobe.Wedonotpretendtodethesethlugs.theiucenhary.ThusweareattackedtoeveryrelationStateot;NewYorkalsodidsothroughterConvention oftheW.bt.:it with that ofgiven them. I,ook at the exoorts of I84S and 1849. ciima is fitted to tliein anddMiey to thfl,-- imaie Not soiry, and if \nil uv rably compare with X'. t »ith all that the census shows thaf people in- : uei ce will. I trust, exteucl wide over this v • t st.tU-. ti!l | 'he ,:< • -oougn yju in the"N >fib are peculiarly an m-lusi- crease as fast as the whites. Take 'heif' tateof increaseFrom a letter of Mr. C S Wl'iams (who has compi tbe "Cincinnati Dlreitory for tue last ten years/, p»o J ed In and endoraed by the Citicuinati C*/m?n«rctal of b«r|wheu since the Revolutionary War and compa|II was provided that if nine Stale* assent*!, it would be a government lor those nite and for all the Sutee tjhatinterest at diilereui period*.lh f tian in tie general desolation of the South. You will tore 111|s a common question, about which I can consult lSright that yon have. Bendy a* all times now, aa shs baa w5rwrfi°^ P? »217,000,000, and that ih« .Vorth x I.yon amongst the shoemakers woijp- beT among the perhaps lot to so great an effect as we of tbe South. Uut go oti| or the Union if a question which it will btj for that Lonis, as indicated by the .uaius reiums ol 1 * * ^1aboon in the past-aiid it ian part of tier glory to raf* to M.TL? '' -**ont aeventj—no, not seventy, bat anout cotton crops of the South: Why {»' hoadred my-it if not li e destruction of propert/ alone toat is to beStateioelf to determine. It is not to be determined bymast also he a mistake, as U.e average v.>ie poll.-d<ity of Cibciunali is much larger than that of the <**• countyofSt Louis. Mr.Wiiitams acvoualsforUse**'**, live retorce by supposing that tbe personi *°f»«'~..i, take the CPC8US we.e almost entirely unacj.ua -'M w.oenia, wiinhadl aboutoa.-bun b a n < 11'tion inEnglaiidand allthe ^ivlluisdworld,canvass and in times post, on nil issues afldcting her »portatiooaof 2 1 eed and twelve millions, and me o wic i to tbe want of 1»MS cotton ( 4p^ti'dasj) Therefore, h rble cot hid .-terrible 10;tf.ict between four millions of black* and eightl>hers to study tSL i ,°Ji u '<«bt f»r these phtloso-ract of Mglalaltssj which she haw asked thvt is ag- abase »v HV<I«. TM ^? *"" 'r* ihev uadertate to community to give better wages, seckt] ffor more genial civilizatlai, and which will make as the eaemiesw * '»"». ia the present employment, going off, it may be, to t more inviting of that lacje until we drench our fields with the blood of esive eat taw rights of tkts favored sectioa (Ch<mrs ) region, ihat • ith white Ubor the cott< the unfortanate people. One or other of as must go topeenlmr institution—slavery—a dofenmve rwsitloo, "** *•» -wnatraiT*• ^ * *» therefore, nearly double.It Is theSsve: has tie oeen aggreneive. I defy the sstiteet do ftla.ater otthoas who attack her to point h%am« histirioalAs to Cincinnati. I feel It a doty to let the world ktc« by yonr kindness, ttat Cincinnati is not falling betIs o,uMo onaasnon have to any that the S>ut& was ag greaatvs la rspsalasg MM MJaaonn coenprom *• It was my lot to bo ia the gmhUa couaciis when ton. u > npf> m e was yropaard laraa dtfieraat times by mothern men to •a applied to too Tarrttortes of Oregon and Vec Mev:-o— tke terrltofT acquired from Mexico. Three dtflerent times was that rempromiM propMod by Southern men.'•"•Rer to favor of the ro«of the douihcocl 1not be raisex'—such labor could nof •depend.id upon. the wall. iTbat Indeed would be an irrepressible con- folly; lit la tbe wildest folly to expect that 1 will. her previous rate of progrtes.;Here there »ere snese demoastrati<ins "i" h •• ti.ity *»«•, as $196oooc<i71, t. , he'saJisurgMuer.''. notanktean.1««*,. lheeawanSS*-.<•" t»« ««Mr YuffST said—No, let Sum alone. Gsnt!-sii», Igenerally thau to previous start-^L.te m o p e "tensive t t o m t t r , 1 0but you yourselves will b» & part vanquished by tne very tion, ihe integrity of the Union I shall strugge for withAKwreaw AUSCBT- Wtrx Mransa -Yesterday raorsv a man named William Hall, residing at No » "lo think *mTmL??c*TM*,n "nd. others wuuli do weal w d heI say, in view of the independence oflite labor, sink-this ana i •"», ana \,«ady the fl.u, my section «?J?" »•* remits are niU^,product would Lot amount to two to q bale*. How that must follow. We may be destroyed, but you will be form—'•Tl.ree cheers for tbs aaswer ") Now, I am C>ueen Cily of the West, an! tbat she has a pouoiai <* •la mstitutioaamong the sudienr*. There were srtea'of "Pat him oat: oottoa crop H w,(, J: JUe Increase of the is necessary to the civilization of the rl|, * a- oessary us. Yon fiiay master as—you may outvote oa, aad takeThere Is the terrible war of racai.tog off when it pleas*s imgbetter- wa or Ibrcii-g the mii'louso! whites It la that conflict wh-ch destroysI: etead of hav ing f >ur and a half mill if Iof cotton balos, fltJt. (Applaaae ) Therefore, I say, that if ever theas now. 11we depended on whits labor «my opiuiou tbe South aid Submit to those things, you share to the evilsThat opinion will be rendered to tbe people of my Stale whenever tbey ask for tt. (An Individ11! oa the plat-We can fairly claim, then, that Cincinnati » stiU 'couldtbeclviliiixedworldsparetwos ahalfmillions, leaspowerful,'esshappyandlessprosperous, sadthus, merely to gratify the>especulating ph; '\e«v (Laugh- IpresamajUua irrepressible conflict—this great siheme ter ant" applause.) So, then, gentle; and cesotatlou will effect you as well ataakedt*oaeotherquestion. Iamaskedwhetherifany portion of tbe South secedes, I will aid the government In maintaining tbe integrity of the Union. Yes, my friend, the integrity of the Union. (Cheers.) I am now strugglingforit1shallstruggleforittothedayofelec-about200oaosouls.Nxw Yoax, Sept. £2. iMO.BrwoatlfwClta/Wewra.9G ?,iXtoyourprosperityaswellasours. It1too, that dores't barm you—for we drun about to Injure anybody—1aninstitution, toar niggers 1—we keepawavfroosusoursocialrelations,andleaveasdesolate,want him to bear some truth ( %e*r« ) H» th«*o pn* lar that may j;.., the results wi.i .m»l h * »oewtea. Tiirco diffarwet times did. Sxitaern meo »>ro been huge increase in the trodnetwmTV. ^ l lb*(r'' has tb ni—Ihey never steel frcm any' yog—they don't of a Bjaioaty, rour mintoes to tratujlcci :tie rights of it thiaipjestioner means by the integrity of the UnpooUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniskiinthecouncilsoftnecuoatry,d*lNorh-rnmsa mcludmgtbeSpeciefromCkJtforauTto2!North- i-*vervgoodinthenoseofa3rdhernsin,tSttole-ablti loose,Xctibewaroyou^cnotactthefatMofActeon, oaanyportion<1theright*cftheSouth,!tellhimthatI oertained.Shewa^founddeadin''er^lnlj'this tosttttitioa Is valnahle. not onrv i n l S T o * , ^ t 0 « j in iLe ntse ol a Northerner. (Lauthtfef)e of thesewho w*c devt-ured b7 hi? own dors,f tin>la-,;ae t Youwill aid mv State to re*istii p it to bloodfGreat 1titer,r r_"*_ _,/; "[309 South 4th Fulton New York 13069eetwww.fultonhistory.comtof. and ib* cause cf death IsrnpfX'*'Strconsidered.towvplorej which will follow tbe march of the irrepressi-That is the least of tbe evils we would havearguing it before the election.ter fo; zat to commit myself here, to a crowd in NewIFork.lo any policy teat might be influenced by afterevents.' by surrounding circumstances, by the expressedsympathies of large majorities of the {Hople uf New that kind of business. .York or other States with the tenth. For me here,merely to gratify some political antagonist, toexpress any opinion on that point wnuli bemeats youlempioy to van;)ois . Turn loo, your hordes my llfeTs blood if required. (Enthusiastic cheers ) fcut B j8should be governed to all things by the writtenIf aggranciisemeot, it Is in your power, as far as tween c isles and races; when tbeae rights are toecaatlate according to certain laid down rules—b) the laws as received from the hands of Washington aitd the other patriots of the Revolntioo- by laws spe-cfaedprovince, dissolves your constitutional stovers-ment, inaugurates a m.litary. gov foment, pro- ,jvides for a standing army, and -•atail the e^tii tbat folio* tin tbe train of artasdiag armv Bat gentiemsn, this 11 the time, thai is the place, tha alttcst the hour, for yen to c!ecic<.—what? Th.it TUB constitution and your" govern ment shall not be put to such detj erate straits. This is inc oav and hour aim;«i, for you to it<- ide that, as men, jou will t -t bring abaci t eemrse of events w b e e you wui ha»e to pr.-leci 70 Union by bayonets but that you will, as wise mm. pr» tect it a'fabe ballot box. That is the genius of tbe eoaa1 try. And l*-w are you to diitr Vote for some p -".;some catdiratc that acknowledges that the So-itoeni States are equal in this confederacy—that they a-s e» titled, at least, to protection ia this c-o-'sat- racy—that tbey ahaii not be trampled tprc-to be entirely unshackled. The great idea of the with the canvass. 1 am here, how ever, aiding >ou to tbat no rigbU ehallf be torn from tiva- .this time li for free trade. Now take away the prevent such a calamity. I an honestly erdeavor.ng to thatth*y shall have equal rights in forming new Statef sell our slaves and you destroy the value of our maintain the integrity of the government and the safely and m tbe admi^sioh ot new Statr*; tbat tbey abaU tarjtegrtty of the Union?" Tbe first question is a speculatiot— and pursuing a bad policy to regard to trade. a political speouiatlon, at tbat. It has nothing to doTh gam, tbey endeavor to nullify the fugitive slave am here to aid you to trying to prerest the eiec tSon; that tbe ciTilizatiou and industry of tbe North shw the 1ment of property to be taxed as such when the givenv There are meu there who will take office, and will come be impatient, gentle men. (Increasing disorder ) Don't yoa. Hands off ' Me»t us In a g-nerous rivalry, A-i at(Cheers ) But 1 believe, my countrymen, that truth and'franknen at all times will win their way to hearts that are ment chooses to derive a revenue from it Under this up in ferrorem by one unwise braggart" fofsour section have ail demoralised public opinion among our people.be impatient, and abo' e all things keep yocr temper. (Laughter and applause ) This i« not the time to Oght, certainly. (Laughter.) This IB the time to vote and to consider bow to voteWho conquers to the strife Is a conquer >r Indeed, betas* be victory will be given te him as the just meed oT siptMor sagacity, superior intelligence, and superior v.tti* nd whenever you get to be suoe.nor to tbe South in tli-jw bttgs, gentlemen, we will" bow tn reverence befo e y»-.compact the South has existed and prospered, and you in as able to conquer eight million. (" }p ) I ask you,swayed by truth, by gencrjnity ani by justice. (Ap the North, to conjunction with the South, have my country men. what jem lit w '.'. it be yon to htve all Marshal*, postmasters and other federal Cheers will sym-ntegral portion 0/ the eighteen millions tt has been held to sympathise with his views <n time, and so we shallpatize v'iih Lincoln and the^irrepreslblo conflict ovation.Btroyeo? (Applause) But it is not to-undertake to compare the North and South In a very in- the South and the North, which keeps Id agoing, slave ail water between the crevices of rooas under-tbe matter with you? (Cries of * Go » , " ) The cveuts of yetierlay pree« be* An excited Individual en the platform—"Put him out.'' vi'y • pon me. I ecknowledge I have tin e*ultatfnfl. ' »>* Mr.YAACBV—Ifgeotlement aresodesirousof knowing none. Ican leel none I feel tbat the eosiLuaTr prec aaig> wavdm,thru, svej ab < of tl *. praj deck mca the deed traiThe]beethttt will motB, rlbl will Theilarem beii to ahi| arte Lsil deal WW ©t; a*wbe!ft*: rsgi1 to wa-: u! Wet fret oat/tn t.waiar<iape edl; ace afu boa cep esie W « J e>r tol tbf fail ttci ben torigaz oec Tci car;Loud and continuous cheering sainted Mr. Yancey a.-!' it on to the darkness of the tight, with the toicb lighted Svuiti would go about ii I do not think if cuid ever hap- retired.to burnt and destroy, wi h the springs and wells pen, and, there/ore, 1 have got no answer to gire as to .fAafpoisoned! and the slaves secret y excited and urged to tAe SoOih should do. Now, Men, 1 am a citizea of;ths jnsurrecfion Al this moment we have the slave*-' Stat* of Alabama. I am what is called a States rightsBefore the meeting broke up, a vote of thanks given to the Breckiorloge Stale Committee for bar withdrawn the electoral ticket of t..at party.The Popai 1st lost of Cincinnati TO TUX KTHTOB Or THE BKKALD.ThelastcensusreturnsbavemadeitappearthatC* ctonati was falling behind other Western ct.es is'» progresB. That this was a mistake was char to any acquainted with the growth of this city, whichof life byt men with power and tense enough to do incal-culable injury to us. Our property destroyed; our socialrelationsjicsale; our slaves incited to tosurreciioo, aud would Bagn the compact Therefore, the compact t»a:-our p*nn| ss and property unsaie Do you tell u<- to get a cumbact between States mutually asserting,rid o' ihrj|cao8i of turn suite ol things? No sooner ao we wiliitgly assent.ng. If any dissected there was no prdoo 18,1 take these extract — get rid ofiit man you destroy ihe prosperity of the stouih.then coi the question, wuai will the South do unlerthose is jmsiancefc.? W'-li the South submit? Some menlrrsgieelat she will. I do not. (ADpIause ) But, gen- sembly* j«ssea a law r<quir!Lg the Governor, in the event o!'a i.iack republican bein* elected President of thewe publisted tX».7aC names in the City Directory (K f be.cgalsoinducedinlbslist).Tnesamesyuera been obeerted tu obtaining ih<" names ro. the LhrecU^ c-.ery year s.uce, aal ihe itei •a.-s .a number has 0 regular and gradual Ti" l.irecin'y ?..:• 1S£0 thow* ai HI names in the -oncir :.at: li»t. more Ihau .1 -abi" •' number o< 1SS0 Taking n.is for a ha.--, we ahoc d u<# ber abuui ^io CCC lnlia'.t^iiu--.Ihe ichoti inc.-'is wr.ru nas e(---n \,t%.-.-. <••* b y<' another ••stubborn fact uh.-.-h will thow vt.j ce« M same proix r1 onate n.creaic- Tire rttu. Li--t tl.Ct-..fii.s lor Is4^ sl-osk h 1>1 <:•Iwe u iliea^ri o- See »* iwtntyone i-ari>><e.,4 --.i Th•returnsf.•'IS-'8then a free and sovereign State Is, th° Union* The c -m-u » tuiiua BMJE thai she is But wth she be Fo? She will M a conquered province, with a slat- r.g army to kee.i bw down—a t anaixg arte.-, supported by taxes levied npot you. to kefji a free anil sovereign Stale in tnititar) sat-»With regard to our having a \<?s populai >a ?**^ nose this compn'miae, and ti••cv diu"'.>*at ii a *. ir'n'a1 On the who*, the Sooth prodlem m e r V ^ ^ . *>• trouble yt-a e-vco w-ih that peculiar r. Much which proe-ri.e s^-i ibe i-acrel relations of sock: -turn them ihe orfiiervaiioc of an administration that shall trample assaulted bis wife, for a reason that has not yet oecr 