 rtras%EW-YOBM»mlr TRISONS,M#ixi*iAPKIL*mi860-?8*aNeie- sra'Depart.tte, Sarrogw^*!*ttotherktnd«ofmmder*hai\bedeemedmorderoftheaecon<* anyrnauandt%oor threehundred others,maleand u/d**!**; and the jnry before wb»cn any person IndictedfoX fema^ under lvis guidance, without givintr rise to mairiage, Mr. Hardin was a clerk for CoL Hart of Mrs. Broi,Bha7n'n Tli£atcr.— Tbe Rivals" waswaslockedupforthenight. Hewasaubitsquently biddingtbemfarewell. Theexerciseswereconductedby the Rev. Dr. Stevenson, and epeeobea were mad* bytbedepartingpreachers,whogaveabriefseeouat oftbevariousobjectstheyhadinview. Anumber•€ their friends accompanied tbe tourists to tbe steamers,Ibiddingthemgoo^-byeandasaferetam.TbeJnllnenceofagreatnorthernsnow-storm,wlrfob prevailed on Saturday morning all the way from Lake Erie to tbe upper Hudson River, reached this latituie on the afternoon of that day-—borne, cold and freekenr ing, on the wings of a regular March Norwester. -The:a<Jt«, on th* WiaJ.fcs-detien to . «,"8«C. ^ Noperson so senteneed or impTi^ned sh«llbeexe-Aprnia.IPoU—ill—ii i.aViPRJBP. LA.W OLMSTED.. ... TMCunard dock at Jersey City, his attention was attraoted here as at.the other theaters. TJas-is- l*^0 **»"* week Fourteenth street This lecture ia a popularly-ecientifictosomethinginthewaterattheend of York-st. pier. ofitsrepresentation. Itwillbeactedtiki"e©afternoons one; it waspreparedoriginallytobereadbeforethe steadyrainofthemorning speedilycame toft*end,re toorefer tlie> complete.d Steamboat Ferrybili*^rirt ofNavo-K Co.«»,*b.eg Homeopathic is.idA to State yu, to incor->mp*ny,and -arest.aus frtA the nee of beingair. Hermann libTheS*ra~amen fed. had bdstiin- ra#aod dollars. v:>te, would action of theiTs^ndmeots of iker.|ent, introdaceti. The sfw bflj. ;e. aad Chaj.under the l&r >aps re*srictionevtT. and the por- "conaMttLprii I s 1860. (the Co»sntt»a favorably the) srs, which wasittee. reportedts-ei ihe bill to- tal Prod of the joc^seof N e w -tlage rf White,(Code.;ink E*ad Com-| b e i=uc o n t h e i rNrew-York t©> W*ter-works. ?f w a f e r t o t i e -'-it..rtiog t^e Qer£ saaber, officer, ani treat'sCoonCuof b.-arj,anit*re>nj v*sadopted.waarea*' a»s:L-tchiua, L-tshra, fay, Pro»»er, Reh-:3 WJUUaw. , Oardmw, Giai, Spino!*, and .-a-Weat rtfcet tne Litgbh«nre s»i this a;:,a*<ito provii forj*tnoly'a «*eud- »e incorporation. 10' dooa»*tc ani-fonfine .he op-te sent arespect- fc>r tb^ .•earn of ! |bH,deaijii?,for iidi>*c*nodkillV c^ncarai in the«^d to* the bill ; ne Aaecnbly for |ist xmejfe build- ? w«ed byArota of * >iiy, Prosper, andalter having been sunk. The remains were taken to they remain until to-morrow" for identification.cently recovered from the measles, went into the street» a»d ViHagee....*4*,090 .... J5.O0O — 4i,eeo .... 5,000 .... 2,000 .... fcO.OOO^cessfully. The pupils were- exercised in reading, writ- ing, arithmetic, and music.sible to bring into requisition the talents of the entire army of willing volunteers on thess occasions; and the task is to select pieces that shall comprehend in their distribution of characters the greatest number of actors whose various talentehave rendered them favorites ofAbout eeventy-five cigar makers, chiefly members of shipments are made are England, France,Austria, East the German Cigar-Makers' Society, assembled in the Indies, and Hong Kong. Tbe average gross salespr^vioon levying;* asra;r>t tbe city, %^mtnonCouncil O f >rmof4reyears-i and when it| r^commiited, on^ lcuona to insert a-.' expenses of thai with • Fernandov ,300-fortoe con-Silh*> lover angle ofi id a third time andj 1» passed b y t h «'*>«? 4oU*« now p«rv si»«ija«r» of D«0d*%CTrtiin Und« v> tl>#> •>{ V'ii« bill prortd^i ao*I Givernawat. v? ^ of tn« Ciij of il«ir^we Club. | , <**«/, bird*, and &*h,, VV;ili»in»bargn,nv/Jege, and stait*<$ genate bill " M ^re In«arance Com<: tu*'. a liai of natne^- iitt*e appointed b}<banded to htm b]( tixe floor of th tu?e to have bee:««> gentlemen com "port the b i ^ whioita^t, havmg aim bad b*en appointedtbeater of Harmony Garden, In Essex street, on Satur- day evening, for thepurr OBOof evincing their sympathy with the movement inaugurated by the strikers ofTAMMANY.—Theelectionouse. The bin did not tehihuwas ordered to re^ BidingofbUla. enate'e amendment' •Joaial H'tatory.to tbe bill to iacor*' aiiroad (Jocupaay.report of the Con*" impropriation bill. ; ;.VT.knite'e ameud««»*'oir-hmeat.>'•> y parsed k a* ^i«nt, «ndtoprorldefeS'j m*> of euuro«r.THE MANAGERS OFTHEINSTITUTIONOF onQuincyBtreet,eastoftbeUniversitygrounds-i"pr«^«nt«d i » 1 Dittud. e x c e s s uttion had been, ordered were under a misapprehensionaa to the relations subeisting between the Superintend- Louisville, Kentucky. It was the meeting of the onlytwo persons now living who were present at the mar- gard to the general character and habits ot the Super- riage of Henry Clay. The parties were Mark HwdmSeeingthis ait ofdefiance on thepart ofhisbrave spouse, Kleinsmidt also struck out for his liberty, and dealt Officer King two or three severe blows, andDR. SWEET'S INFALLIBLE LINIMENT cureaHeadache immediately, and was never known to fall.Dr. SWEST.'B JXFAJLUIH.B LmmKHT affords faxMssodUtO relieffor Piles, and aoldomfoils to cure. »{Advertisement]YOUNGMEN WISHINGTOENGAGEINBUSINESS.AM>ANXIOUSTOSKLKCTAPcaacvr Inwhichtbeyconbouauo- 1and the Orient, At 9 o'olook o^^uxdaj morning a c*»od, will find great aid from a oorroot P h onologtoal Kxattdnsr- Uon, asgive*dailyStfQWUftAfcWsuw'a,>{«. 9KIkeadwa*,•• ;:.?•:•.;• •,::'-:itt.i*h*>& vrhh < ^prtra^b^inejo*,;o:/i«r kind *» bichsbaUbei~Vents and the objects of their cha-ity, and also with re- jstendent. A*tomyknowledgeuponthesepoints,Iin which ih<3 gyanasts of this uuequaled Company will bit his thumb in a serious manner. Julius Spvince, especially shine. who was recently arreeted for receiving stolen goods,%: ;—Thomas D.'Eliot, M. C . from New-Bedford, hasliberated from bondage a colored citizen of Massachu-setts who had unfortunately visited the District of Co-lombia. WhenMr.Eliotfirstheardofhisconstituent, thepayingpublic. Thisyeartheselectionhasbeen Lynn; Mr.Cook,thePresidentoftheSociety,inthe tbe poor fellow was incarcerated in the common jail at incst judiciously made, and tbe result is1 to be seen iav\—The Toronto papers say that the examination andexhibition of Dr. Howe's blind pupils before the Legis-lative Assembly, on Wednesday, passed off most suc- ple have given their services. It is, of course, impos- THE CIGAR-MAKIRS IN SYMPATHY WITH LYNN.— in the United Statee. The principal places to which•<".«.'• *>•*...Tbey a t once attempted t o arrest him, when his wife undoubtedly kicking, will undertake the flight with seized a chair and threatened to annihilate the ofllcers.AWAJITURK or WJCL.L-K.NOWN DIVINES.-—A'the passengers on the Adriatic and Kangaroo, which sailed for Europe on Saturday, were theF.cev.Dr. Murray (Kirwan) of Elizabeth, N.J.,th?, Rev.Dr. Jas. DemorestofLowell,Mass.,theRev.'jr. Seyburaof Philadelphia, and the Rev.Drs. Scot*", and Spier ofdists and certain.Only 96 oenU a bottlo. •[Advertisement] » •tmtedtapwwBano^of soAh sentence^ witbm o n e year from the • day on wMch snch sentence o f death •hall b e ptased. nor untU tbJ whole record o ' t h e proce*cinga shall be certified b y th» Clerk e^the Court i n which the conyictt^n was had, under »he ,*rith»*of. t o t b e G>v*«nor o f the 8»t»te, nor nokdl a warrant•fc*2?2^"^*/t1?G5,rt.nlor'U!Bd*rth««****•*«<rtofthe State,directedtotheSheiffofthe county in which theState jPrisonmaybesituated,commandingthesaidsentenceofceath to be earned into execution.Sxc. ft. The provisionsof this actfor the punishmentof mnr- ' deT in the first degree shsll apply to the crtme o^ treason, and theopened, and alt were admitted. They then went toChristy. The excellent performances of this company i Cfaaarch, and wasvey largely attended—the Rev. Dre.suffice to. crowd the house every night. family consists of himself, his wife, throe childrea, «*d:Tayisr and Cook officiating at the burial of, tbe dead. .two sisters-in-law. Robert, tbe deceased,' having*'re-After the survey is completed the municipal authorities" I have no objection whatever, and believe that Mr. Bowen would fill the cbair with credit to himself a n d obtainthisimmensemass,nearly.300,000menareem- theBoard. But,sineeMsconnectionwiththeDepart--T7-—r-tfti, i860. 'Jfc / ^ tit* pwrpefcratfon, «r OM atfcfart* to p©rpMrafe» any arwO, examined aVo as to my opinion of the decree of confi- waa at length, got out of *he room, Sewaver, and pTayer-mseting waa Jbeld In the Grand-atra^Cfltttrdlr' / xap^robbwry,orborahury,or*fc»anyatt*mptto««otp« fro* mother-in->aw ofJudge Thos.A^Marshall,ofthe willbringthesoawx**°atriumphantdose.Mr.Jeffer- (theRev.Dr.Thompsonpastor),fortheptrrp*r«*• '-i33oPit»on»«iit.aballbedseoMdtanrd*rofthefirstd»gr«.»,an*'dentialintima,oywhiohoouWbeattemptedbetween CourtofAppealsoftheState. A^thetimeofthe sonsucceedstothentwagerialthroneonthe14thprdX. marchedtotheTenthWardStationHouse,wherehetnmdeT*B either d>itr»e,BOaUbe Uted »baJK if they find »nohP«nongniltythereof,findhitnetrverdictarhetheritbenndec i fr> fi*»t or aeoond de«»ee. *S»c*a.Uponanymdiotxnentacaio«t«nyperaonformnrderin ihe first dearee, i t aball and may ba U^f.jl for the jnry to fiod yoch accused perton cnilty of mmder in the seoonddecree.HBi w e e k to thin hoaBe8T ocommitted to the Tombs by the District-Attorney.;.,<«drsssthemupincitizens'clotheBandletthornfly.Ths bvu to anthorizethe construction of a RaUroad —Tbe Annual Commencement at Dartmouth Col-oftheItoikattfcetpi.r;itstruckmethatitmightbeoneofthepersonathatbadbeenrourdeiedrecentlyononeofthevessels;Itold my partner, Peterson, and w e went down, and hitched arope to one of the 1*gs, in order to hoist the body up to see who first introduction to the public. Hope Chapel is it was, when 1 discovered that tbe body was anchored to some-Tarne. and Ode1,General does not seemto^havediminished at all sincehisfrom Wethatvken Ferry ft>ot of Forty-second street, It.R.,toFultonFerryvvithbranches,hasbeenor- deredtoathtrdreadingrntbeAssembly.STEALING BOOKS AND DOCUMENTS.Mr. LAW offered a reeojutjon appointing a Select *"Committee of three to sit dnringthe recess, without pay, to investigate the peculations and larcenies re- ported to have been committed by removal of pabhc document*, stationery, books, & c , tb« property of theState from the rooms of the Siate-Hall Capitol and Stats library, said Committee to have po *er to send for persons and papers.It appears by t„e statements of Mr. Law, that aboutlege occurs on Thursday, July 26. The address before tbeTheologicalSocietywillbebytheRev.Theodorething; then went and notifuid the Coroner; waa present whencrowded cay and evening with people anxious to pay theirrespectstotheemabestcelebrityoftheage.Palace Garden,—Prof. Wise will make a balloon ascensiononThursday afternoon.Robert Hyslop, Henry Youngs,the Hon.John A. Dix, G.M.G*gden,F.R.Tillou,andA:L.McDonald.S> 'tled " An Act to authorize the sale of certain lauds be- u longing t o the STa.:e and to empower the corporation " of the city o f New-Y ork t o purchase the same."The bill provides that the State Eogineer and Sur- veyor shall cause to be survejed-all tne lands beloDg l o g t o t h e S t a t e o n t h e H u d s o n a n d Ea-. t r i v e r s o u t r i d ethe grants heretofore made to the City of New York.t—At Dieppe, in France, a famous bathing-place, vasated blood in tne throat, which might have beenjealousies,obarge^offavoritism,and aoandalousru- Lexington, wfioeedaughterMr.Claymarried,and actedeverynightoftbok^mors. M y to««et» had no reference whate r«r to tbV Mre. Price was one of the most admired belles of the nigbt, "Tbe Last of the Jr\ ^ ^ ' ' ^ ^ ^ P 1 ^ ^ * ' T h i s Tbere are one or two[ indictments against tbe prlscmergovernment of the Central Park, bat were ratherforshoplifting,andoneormoreagainstbiswife,LenH. After this little disturbance the ball proceeded withoutDased, in my own miwd, upon observation of the fre- State. g»c. 4- Whenanyperaon»h«llb*convictedofanycrimepon. quentscandalsandChm-cb.quarrelswhichhave"grownIthebfe with death and •enVnoed t o •offer «"ch pnolihment. h e •out of an impracticable notion of the dutea of a pastor. MYSTERIOUS 54streetsof$ Ishallatthesametimebe*«nteno*dto oenfioeuentathardlabor Yourcorrespondent'*statementof tbecharge»againstien the 8 mi htBa^~ w a s l a i d OJV.pr*heo&ion.N«o»York,Yonr obedient servant\Mr CooperfecalculatedtoplacetheBoardofManas?o- mentm the position of suBUining him against a re- ligions persecution, which, I trust, is equally a misan-y Mr. John Wise will, to-morrow.(Taesday) evening, give a lecture on air-navigation, or ballooning, at the Music Hall of the Palace Garden, Sixth avenue aud1intheStatePrUonun>Uinchpnnisheaentofdeathshallbeia> Mficted. The pree^dbac|*dM of toe ©©artat which snobcoavlo- |tion sha>l hara taken place shall immediately therenpon transmit totheGovernoroftbeState, by mal,astatementofsnohoon- ^ j t i o n « n d s e n t e n c e , w i t h t h e n o t e * o * t e s t i m o n y t a k « m b y s o c hS*• m•'•••the affair* during th#Legislature* (wtthe Higk*.MSs»,avenues^*fK iveably, wa»the table**&; ion of the Re* thebillw**UH actcs to Speaker ,and impv«of pitch, which was con&iderably imbedded in the mud, rried nnizu v-- puniabment of marder iu the seinmd decree, M heretn provided, the brickyard on the premises of the prison, where con- and it is supposed could not have moved any distance. Sac. 6 Every person convicted of murder in the second de- creeshallbesent*need to under*© imprisonmentinoneof tbe sroee^ding^k State Prisons, and be kept in confinement at hard labor for his o reastward (not easterly) wind constantly blowing at an overhead, a clear, blue, American sky. Thousand* of. her namral li'e.SKC7.Section1ofTitle1 ofChapter1 ofPsrt4oftheRe-•*wised Statute* *b*)l be amended so as to read as follows:certainly able tojgpross the Atlantic, to Europe, in a balloon, the voyage not occupying more than 60 hoars,man's holiday " to get a breath of unadulterated at-mosphere, in th9 Central Park and other suburb*ofourcity. Thecarswerecrowdedallday,anddie#0*-"'-. Sacnos1.E***ypernonwho«h»Ubemafterbecanvlctei, fectedtocarryouttheirptevioudy-expressedintention. list, of trea»onsgsinst 'he people of this State; 2d. of m .rder.preparedwithnewscenery,dresses,andceremonies and will be done to-night for the first time.„.;«r 3d, o f arson La the first oegree, a* thoseoriaoes are r«*p*ctiv«ly . declared in this tlU«\ shsll be punished as. tterein provided. -•Accordingly on Tuesday morning the fire-bells wererung, and the citizens, to the number of about one bun-dled and fifty men, and. about the same number or'boys, assembled, and proceeded in a body to where the inches of the top of a white cotton stocking. One convicts were at work. Twocontractors had aboutsbine made it impoe*ible for any one to feel'very m«ob Bowery TJieater.—The Louise Wells eqjiestwass t and probably much lees time. For this stupendous out of sorts with himself or the rest of mankind.iflovemoT may thereoponBsanhis warrsnWor his execution,if <?M>waseontiitedef ruufJIr in the first degree, oi m \y direc'.ab»t he he' imprisoned in oae of the State Prlsoca.'accordlng topaw. ;shall apply t o all crime* now punishable with/ death, except a s herein provided.Sao 10. AB persons now under sentence of death in this State, or eowriotcd o f murder and awsitin; tenteuce. sbsll be poniahed an i f convicted of murder of the first debtee under thli actSac-11. Sections twehre, thi'teen fourteen nioeteen, twenty- twenty-one, twenty-two,twenty-lbJ*e, iwepty-fonr, twenty, five, twenty-six and twenty-nine of said titla one are hereby re- pealed. * >The 10thsection is in*ended to cover thecaseof lira. JBartnng, now under conviction in this city for the mnrder of her bn&band.Conference Committees were appointed by both Honees on the Supply bslL On the part of the> Senate Meaera, Sessions, Trnman, axd Gr&ot, and on tne part, of the Assembly, Messra. Flagler, Conkling, St. John,Sxc. 8 Section18of »»idTitle 1 is hereby amended so at to read aa follows: j. ' \8KO-18.Theinonisitionofthejutyshsll be signed bythem and t h e sheriff. If it oe fonnd b y inch inquisition that such convict isinsane,the sheriff »h%U convey sstd etnvist to the lunatic asylum for insane convicts, th. re»> be kept a t the e x pense of the State until snch time as th* superintendentthereo'undertaking he stands pledged, so soon as he can exceptionoftbeyokeofachemiseandaboutthree, tnequestrianmelodramaof"TheWarHorse,*wthe .raisesome$4,000or$5,000,toconstructtheballoon.twelve employed in their brickyard; these they took shalloextifjtotheGoYerorthatsaidlunatici*sane,andtne incharge,with-aboutfortyemployedinwood-chop-Christy's Minstrels, Niblo's Saloon.—-Thisisthe Ap.nl19,at4o'clockprecisely.PERSONAL,Upon cldEe inspection he diecovered it to bs the feet and three evenings of this week. By ther^1*11 of hav- Smithsonian Institute, Washington, and embodies theo f a h u m a n b e i n g , w i t h t h e h e a d a n d b o d y i m m e r s e d i n g t w o e n t i r e d r a m a 5 i c c o m p a n i e s , t h e m a t i t l £ e r *B e n a - o b s e r v a t i o n a n d e x p e r i e n c e o f t w e n t y - f o u r y e a r s i n c o a t s t i g h t l y b u t t o n e d a n d u n g l o v e d h a n d ) i n t h e i r—SomeweeksagothecitizensofJeffersonville,Ind., heldameeting,inwhichtheyprotestedagainsttheem- ploymentofthepenitentiaryconvictsoutsideofthat institution, and resolved to notify the Superintendent that if this should he persisted in, the people would use forcible measures to prevent it. No attention having been paid to tbia warning, arrangements were per-and people wended their way up town, with 8prinf inthewater.Thinkingthatthismightbeoneofthe bledtogiveexcellententertainmentsevery.afternoon ballooning,andthenotestakenbytheauthorduring pockets.Y«sterday>bowe^er,tb*weatherwasde-ping, and also a namber employed on the turnpike,whomtheymarchedtotheprison. Thegateswere-Theotherendoftheropewasfastenedtoabarrelsecond week of the curiouB play of " Weffo, the Se.xwl- ble Monkfy," the monkey being enacted by GeorgeFnNERALs.—On Saturday afternoon the funeral of30 y ears ofage, about five feet in hight, and rather thick ofthatcityaretohavetheoptionofpurchasingthe timesremainsintheirgrasp. Newfoundlanddogswill set;blackhair;teethallperfectwiththeexceptionof namedinthewill.landsatapricetobe fixed bythe Commissionersof the Land Office. If the bill Btbpptd hero it would have metmyapproval,thou h,inmyopintoo,itwouldhave b e e n b e t t e r t o h a v e p r o v i d e d f o r a s a l e a t a u c t i o n t o-the highest bidder. Bat the bill goes on to prov de that *'lt shall be the duty of the Comptroller ot the Cityof . JJew-York, and he is hereby authorized and directed, topurchaseandacquire,inthenameandforthebene- fitofthecorporationofsaidcity,anytitle,claimorin- terestwhichanypeisonor,personsmayhave,asalsogovernthemselvesaccordingly!"—Alady, whowithholds hername, hasofferedto t h e N a t i o n a l L i f e - b o a t I n s t i t u t i o n o f E n g l a n d , t o d e - fray tbe cost (£720) of four life-boats and their equips ments, to be stationed along tbe coast for the purpose ofrescuingpersonsfrom wrecks. A fewyearsago shewitnessedafearfulshipwreckontheIrishcoast,therighteye-toothandthemolartoothontheleftside, whicharegone.T h e e u p p o s i t i o n i s t h a t t h e d e c e a s e d e i t h e r b e l o n g e d t o a vessel^ o r had been induced to go on board of one in that vicinity, where she wasviolated, and then perhaps murdered to prevent an exposure.Onthe14thofJanuary last,Mr.F.B.Woolsey missedabarrelofpitchfromtheendoftheYorkstreetCHANGES IN OFFICE.—The Street Commissioner h a s a p p o i n t e d A n d r e w J . P l u m b , o f t h e F i f t h W a r d , Inspector of Lamps, vice Francis Stacom, removed; and Edward Biggins, Inspector on Contract work, Tbe Croton Board have appointed, in addition to our previouslist,EdwardDogan, IsaacB.Dickerson,cutandstoreice. TheprincipallakeisRockland,and i s o w n e d b y t h e K n i c k e r b o c k e r I c e C o m p a n y . I n t h e Summer, 400 Or 500 men are kept constantly engaged, by the different Companies, in bringing the ice from thevariousstorehouses,andleavingitattheresidences orplacesofbusinessoftheirrespectivecustomers.fidelity and ability which point to him as the proper manforthat office underthenewreadme. Forthe r e a s o n t h a t I w o u l d p r e f e r t o s e e h i m T r e a s u r e r , I d e - cline voting on the motion now before the Board."Consequently, when the motion was put, Mr. Bowsa waselectedPresidentbythefollowingvote:Yeas1, NajsO. Mr.Be'gfnwasthenelectedTreasurer,oaIf this provision is to be interpreted literally, it would<•ffectthat a womanintheCountyofSantaBarbara, ever,nottobedistancedintheraceforpublicfavorandshould not do so. .SWINDLING HOTEL.—James Hyatt, the present manager of an old swindling hotel in Cedar street called the Cincinnati Houf e, was arrested and brought before the City Marwhal yesterday on the complaint of aMr.Poe,whoisonbiswayto California, alleginghouse is nearly $60,000. Generally, the supply of ice laid up far exceeds the demand; thiB year, if w e hap- pen to have a warm Summer, there will be barely suf- ficient. There is no danger, however, of having the cost raised oh account of the scarcity, as competition in the ice trade is now so great that that sold for home conBumption is disposed of a t a price barely paying theCalifornia, has one grape-vine which, in a single year, which the city had refused to purchase, and which. bore 5,000 bunches of grapes, yielding $4,000. Whenthe public dimes, ofl'er special attractions. I t beingnear the close of the theatrical season, a n d the time having come for paying the annual benefits, the bills at the different houees are unusually varied a n d promising. Among other benefits of this week, one of the first iacompel the Controller to extinguish claims upon laud*therefore, remain the property of the State; for this a girl, on leaving Monterey for her present home,, shejudgments it is contending. This course -involves no Could prove his freedom, but not pay jail costs, so Mr.tised, of wh cb the subjoined is a summary:The cuitain will go up at 1 o'clock precisely on tbeSweelzer of New-York. Mr. Draper gave an account11.f IIiIinjustice to tbe plaintiffs m the judgments. It leaves •hem where they are. They have the responsibility of ih* city, and tbey shoold have no more. The tribunals of jistJcs will in due time enforce tbe collection oftbejudgments if they are right. Meanwhile tbe actionof the authorities of the State and city should remain un- iniinen»ed by extraneous matters.I DOC, not be understood a s expressing any opinion as to tbe -ujbts of the h ate in the hinds affected by tbw bill. The^are of such a nature that responsible per-sons ara prtpared to purchase them, and the Commus- sicners o f the Land Office have full power to sell them. So far as tie &ate i» concerned, there is no possibility that her pecuniary interests can b e injured b y the fail- ure of ibta bill to become a law, while the authorities of tbe Ctty of New-"i:ork protest that it is unjust to thatcity.The law officer olthe city, Hon. Greene C. Brooaon,in a communication &dbrefused to me since the passage of the bill, says:" The hfil in question presents a case of lwrialationwhich is believed t o b e without a precedent in tbe history o( anv free people. Judgment* have been recovered against the city for nearly six bnndreu tboosind dollars In two of the t h w caxet, appeaJa are regularly pending to review tbe judgments, and meas- ure* are to progress to set them ah aside, on the ground of col- lusion and fraud In this state ofJthingM, when tbe city isseeking to vindicate its lighta through theactionot th*judiciary, tbeL*t>li*Kire steps i n and declares, in effect, that the city sba>l have no review,arreststbe ordinarycoorseofjustice, and directstbe pay ment of the judgments. .If such a thingcanbe djne without violating the fundamental prinftiples o f gnv«rom»nt, i t is not t c o much to aay that the Constitution, in it»presentform, la not worth pfe*ervin{."I mast not be understood as imputing improper mo- tives to the Members of the Legislature. They have tmdoobtedly acted npon erroneou%^n formation.Eliot paid $60 for him, and he returned to Massachu- aetts a wiser and a freer man.—A physician in Middleboro', Mass., who has some fowls which h e values very highly, one morning last week, on going into bia yard, discovered that some oneof ths?manner inwhich the poorwere situated in Lynn; thirdactof'*LondonAesnrance,"afterwhichthe amongthem,hesaid,therewereplentywhoekedoutFor Sachrmt-Jo\mGtorge jMesserve; Wiskiniie, Stephen O. Duryea.The ticket will probably be elected without opposi-THE BLIND ONTHECOALS.To th* Editor of Th* H. y. Tribvn€. 'SIR : Your Albany correspondent doea Mr. Van Dyckan unintentional injustice in supposing that, in an in- whose Damewas signed to the note. The forger haivestigation of the charges which have been made disappeaied from the city. against the managera of the Institution for the BUud,,__ lAdvtsrtisomontl«*tbemodeofgoverningthemenontheCentral Park" waa made a subject of inquiry, and also in Bupposiog that I was called upon as a friend of Mr. Cooper, tbe Superintendent ofthe Institution. I happened to have hadanopportunityofobservingcertain particularsin the management of the Institution which satleficd me that the gentlemen a t whose instigation this investiga-—A young man named Charles Terrell, having been arrested in Boston oh Thursday morning, on a charge of embezzlement, attempted suidde by shooting him- self in the head with a pistoL The wound was notfatal.- A n interesting incident occurred a few days ago a tfor its support, upon the benevolence of all who tak/4 it is, that the equestrian part of the performance will the giddy mazes of a German waltz, with his arm an interest in the cause of the poor.1 Advertisement 1Millions ofBottlesofMrs.WWSLOW'SSOOTB-WO PiKur aresowusedeveryyeariath*UnitedSUUMfost Children Teething,with never-WIlng aooooos. &*U« is j—sihad the pleasure of testifying.Incidentally, I w as•AFFAIR.PROV ABLE MURDER A T JERSEY CITY. About 5 o'clock on Saturday morning, as. private watchman Baldwin was engaged at his duties on themen of Mre. Brougham's coar?»ft.'v possessed one-quarter further interruption.victims of ihe eloop Spray, or the oyeter-boat E. A . Johnson, the watchman summoned his partner, and the two attached a rope to one of the limbs and?attempted to draw the body to the surface, when they found that it was held firm by some weight attached to it. They then made the line fast to the dock, and notified Coroner Morris. The Coroner shortly after proceeded to the spot, and, upon taking out the body, found it to be that of a woman in a perfectly nude state, with thesome three hundred ascensions, of the phenomena ofend-ofaropewasfound passed around the neck, aid drawn twice tightly through th9 mouth, which caused the tongue to protrude. The rope was fastened by a peculiar knot, called by boatmen a "timber Mich."Renegade's Revenge. Other entertainments <every nigbt.2k.tr. Wise will moreover make an ordinary ascension frymthePalaceGarden,onThursdayafternoon next,SUPPOSED POISONING OF A WHOLE FA*%LTV—Oa SaturdaymorningCoronerO'Keefeheldaninqneetea the body of Robert Thomas Harper, aged 7 years;whe- died on Thursday evening under peculiar circumstaaoea* The lad was a son of Mr. S. Harper, who resides iai'dpiece has been announced at. . rehearsed here, but hasove neverbeenacted,and maiyp\* attractive. Ifthetbeprofessionalabilityofthewe* > PW be presenrsd in a much^more en<?wv ^ e manner.Barnum's Museum,—The SeeteSv drama, "Jeanje Deans," seems likely to achieve asg» '** a popularityvicta were employed, and demanded them, but weremetbyaspeechfromoneofthecontractor,which Mr.Hope's,undertaker,iuNewarkavenue,where er,"withtingingandcomicalities,makeupthepro-'Church,Hudsonstreet—thefollowinggentlemenoffi- toplay,onSundayTthe8tbinst.Hesoon•afterre-subdued them, and the crowd dispersed. I n niarchingthrough the streets to the prison, the convicts threw uptheirhate,andgavethreecheersforDaveMiller.Mr.Miller is the present lessee of the penitentiary. TheWarden said he would have them alloutagainthenext day, if the weather »permitted. The citizenst»rt-atentdtodrive them back as oftenastheyweregramme for this wetk. tBudw'ortk's Minstrels.—Mr. J . H. Budworth, a negrociating as pall-bearers: Peter Lorillard, Jae. B'enkard,named to his mother and desired to go to bed. Ske, thinking that the unwonted exercise hadvtired her* sea, put him to bed. In a short time,the lad w as take a very sick, vomiting freely, and exhibiting aH tho symp- toms of poison. A physician w as sent ftw, who re-broughtout;andifthatdidriotanswer,theywould ofahumanbeingitwajingbacKandforthintbewater,attheendtbebodywastakenup,andfoundthatitwaaattachedtoabar- L.CuylerofNew-York;theannualpoembyMorti- relofpitch;theropewaspassedthroughthe.mouthtwice,and drawn very tight, »o much s o that t h e tongue protruded; t h e bitch of the rope was what boatmen call a timber hitch;the rope was abouttenf«t-tin length; thewater where thebodywas found is about twenty ftet deep at'high tide, and about thirteenmuchbetter,andwereqniteoutofdanger. Thatnight Robertdied,hisprevioussicknesshavingrenderedhina more sensitive than the others. D r s . FinneU and Gal- lagher made a post mortem examination of the body, when they decided that a chemical analysis-of tha stomach must be, made befce ihe cause of death couldmer Thompson of New-York. The Hon. Ira Perley will deliver a eulogy on Rufus Choate, and the. Hon. Edward Everett has been invited to address the united literary societies. - -—A man named Joseph Shnbart, said to be in com- fortable circumstances, resides near Springfield, Ohio. He has three or four brothers livirg. A few days ago he turned his mother, agtd 80 years, out of doors, andDusseldorf Gallery.—This gallery is open every day thinkthebodyandbarrelhadbeenthrownintothewater at the andevening. Thereisalwaysafinecollectionof pic-MINOR CIT>Y ITEMS.—On Friday last, JanaesT.Eer-tini was arrested b y the Park Sleepers for fast drivingon the Park. He waslocked up over nightintbeTwenty-third Piecinct Station Eouae, and on Siturday be ascertained. The Coroner thereupon adjourned the morning, afte^being fined $3 by Justice Brotvnell, was inquest for two weeks. There ia no doubt but that tb*recently issued to them: " The bathing police is requested, when a lady is in danger of drowning, to seize her by the drees and not by the hair, which oftenand on the right side of the Btomach. DESCRIPTION.•Deceased is auppoeeo to be an Englishwoman, abouttheSurrogate,andletters testementaryorderedtobe aggregateof200,000tuns yearly. Toinsurethissup-THE INQ.OEST.•Coroner Morris summoned a Jury, when the follow- ingevidence,wastaken: ./MatthesvMorgan, David B. Lurne, And. Mount, Jno. performerofwell-deeervedpopularity,hasorganizeda B5Wolfe,B*H.Field;JohnMcXisson,JohnAuchin-to-morroweveningatthe Bleecker Buildings, corner Jonathan H . Baldwin testified—I reside at No. 34 of Morton and Bleecker streets. H e announces a goodfeet at low tide; do not think the barrel bad floated at all, but same time.Peter Peterson testified—I am a private watchmantures and statuary to repay the attention of the visitor. Hope Chopel.—TilxB. G . G . Campbell will read her satirical and humorous poem, " A Wife Hunt at New-nt tr.e Cunard Dock; I corroborate the testimony of Officer Baldwin; the barrel waa about ten feet from the dock; do not thinkit badmovedafteritwos thrownin tbe water; I havebeen arn'iibtwatchmanatthatdockthe pat>tthreeyesrs,andhavefre- port,"tonigttatHopeChapelforthesecondtime. quently hear 1 screams in that vicinity; the last time w e heard a Cooper Institute. —The fine painting of Peale's, the scieom at that place was aboutS o'clock in the morning some tendischarged The Fifth Regiment, Jefferson Guard,.celebratedJefferson's BirthdayonFridaybyaparade howitisimpossibletoconjecture. Mr.Harperhasnesuspicion that it could have been administered by do- rign. The othei members of the family are rapidly re- covering. A thorough investigation of the subject wHI be made.ORGANIZATION-OFTHEPOLICECOMMISSION.—The newly-appointed Commissioners of Police, Mesert. Bowen, Pilsbury, and Bergen, arrived a t the Brotmo- etreet Headquarters about lt)| a. m., on Saturday. Many of their friends were present to congratulate and greet them. A t 11 o'clock, the Commissioners entensd the Board room, for tbe purpose of holding their first meeting. O n motion, Gen. Pilsbury took t h e chair. Mr. Bergen mcrved that tbey should a t once proceed t e the election of a President. Carried. Mr. Bergen far- ther moved that Commissioner Bowen should bo150 copies o f t h e Colooi*l History have b&ea stolen;,also, considerable Btati>neryanovaluabledocumsnts senthertoSpringfield,todieinthebtreetortobesup- daysago,whenBaldwinandinjselfsavedamanfromdrowning; "CourtofDeath,"maybeseendallyattbisplace.. hasnotyetreceiveditsl«Btmonth'spay. Thohigherand papers belonging to the Canal Department.The Assembly adjourned over till Monday morning, this afternoon, but the Senate is to hold an eveningsession. ^ AstowhenthsLegislaturewilladjournsinedie,or"how much more more mitchief it will perpetrate, your correspondent is not prepared to express an opinion.A VETO MESSAGK. "Tbe following message was received from the Gov-ernor:STATE OF NEW-YORK, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,5 ALBANT, April 16, i860.To the &rruztvI herewith return, without my approval, the bill enti- 1C0 years.with pitch had laid at that dock very recently.TAX RECEIVER'S BUREAU.—About one million of the total tax levy of last year (§9,863,00224) yetremains toofficers are paid off, but the funds failed before the pri- vates were reached Those who have a penchant for buying lottery tickets, ortaking a chance in the "grab-he waa a stranger fiom .New-Y ork, dressed i n black clothes, and ported by the coumy. She wandered about till the apparently an lritibman;. do not know that any schooners loadedkeeper of tbe Poor-House found her, when she was taken care of by the authorities. Some of her cloth n g had not been washed for four months.—Mr. 'William Goddard, an old resident of Boston, died in that city on Saturday, aged 80 years. H e was injured last Summer, when in Saratoga, by being run over in the street. t—Capt. Be'atie, supposed to be the oldest m an in South-Western Virginia, died recently at the age ofAs no person could be found to identify the body, andno further evidence touching this mysterious affair was be collected by the Tax Receiver. Remiss tax-payers, bag" at country Fairs, will have an opportunity offortRooming,itwasdecidedtoadjourntheinvestigation whonowcomeinwiththeir tribute,payanaddi-until Tuesday next in order to give it publicity, which may come to the notice, of some of the friends or acquaintances of the unknown woman.POST MORTEM.indulging their passioninanovel way,by goingtotional 12 per cent interest on the amount owed, reck-oned from the time when^their taxes fell d u e . This o'cleck. Then and;tbere the Adams Express Companythey can keep on doing up 1o June 1st, when the ac- counts yet unsettled will be transferred to the Bureau of Arrears, in order to have the city's due obtained by means of apublic sale. Last week the Tax Receiverthere is a police established, whose duty it is to rescue CHueed by strangulation or by the rope; the left collarpersons from danger. The following notice w as bone dislocated, an extensive bruige on the left breast, E. Burton was admitted to probate, on Saturday, byproposes to sell a t auction about 400 packages, which have remained in their possession a year and over u n - calledffor. Nostringsaretobeloosenedorcut,or corners to be pryed into, until the packages have gone into the possession of the buyers.Dr. Quidor, City Physician, made a careful post-mo&texamination of the body, which wae in a goodstate of preservation, having, it is supposed, been in thewater about ten days. H e found considerable extras took in tbe sum of $14,004 56.band of minstrels, and makes bis first bow to the publiccl&$Sj andi G. D . H . Gillespie.Thefuneral ofMrs.Berrien,wife of the Rector ofEswsxstreet,andamawatchmanattheCunarddock;about5^o'clock,thismorning,Iwentincotheshedorthe Cunarddock, programme,andthepriceofadmission is fixed at20 o'clockthe aameafternoon,inthepresenceofa largoand lookingcutoftbewindow,ducoveied,asIthought,thefeetcents.Gen. TomThumb.—The attractivenessofthelittleingallthemembersofMr.Harper'sfamilywereseized ccngi-'egation—BishopPotter,andallt>beclergyofthe intbesamemanner,theirsicknessbeingaccompaniedparish,.©SEoepttbechief mourner, officiating. The with vomiting, which prostrated them very mack.body was deposited in the* family vault in St. Mark's This continued for two days, but on Thursdays the en- Church—the pall-bearers being W m . S . Danscomb, tire family, with tbe exception of Robert, were "veryTHEBURTONWILL CASE.—ThewillofthelateW.ICE.—The quantity of ice consumed in the Cities ofNew-York and Brooklyn amounts to the enormous' elected to fill that office; whereupon Commissionerandthendeterminedthatshe-wouldmaketheoffer. pier. Theimpressionofthephysician,however,is, WilliamRnesell,ThomasJ.Coutant,Ed.Laycraft, Thisbranchoftradegivesdailyemploymentto32 thenominationofthePresident,bythesamedecisive*grantee or granted*, lessee or lessees of the State, iu orlOanyofthelandssurveyedasinthisactprovided;and also to compromise, settle, and pay otf, upon suchterm* as he hbaii deem most advantageous to the cor-poration of said city, any and all claims, rights of ac-tion, and demands of every description, which any per-son or pcrsons,'or his ortheir heir*, executors, adminis-trators or assigns, now have, or may or can haveagainst the may or,'aldeimen, and commonalty of saidcity, arising from or growing out of the use or occupa-tion of gaid lands or any part thereof, by the corpora- —A rather large story is told by an exchange, to the the amusement-seekers this week. The theaters, how Sessions, or to show cauee en Tuesday next why he tion of said city, its grantees or lessees."that the body could not have been in the water over ten TheboatsaretobestationedatNewquayandSt. ortwelvedays.John Farrell and Robert L. Edwards as Inspectors on StreetRepairs.barges,eachholding300to400tunsofice,300to400' majority. TbeBoardthenadjournedtiJlnoonto-day, wagons, and, of course, as many horses. at which time the choice of a Superintendent and ClerkThe police and some other inquisitive people are ask- ing thequestion, HowcanMr.Pilsburynowafford to accept a Police Crmmissicnership, a t a beggarly $8 a day, when a few months ago he could not undertake the duties of General Saperintendent for less than. $10,000 a year 7»MINOR POLICE ITEMS.—John Rogers was arrestedon Saturday, for attempting to pick the pocket of Bmsauel Obreiebtwbiieata fire. The complainanthad $33inhiswal- let Justice Kelly committed RofM»r* io answer....Mjsry K t- liott and Ann Robnins were arrested on Saturday, charged witk having stolen five fine lace collars from the store o f MoGuire ic Grant. T h e accused were held for exuninitioh b y Jwtlca Steers....Jnlia Huliiuan.a.««rvi»Dt girl, employed in the family of H. Rotbsein, No 131 Monroe street, w*» arrested on Saturday, onsuspicionofhavingstolen $4?worthofclothingfronther mistress. Shewsa held for examination....vYUUaax Burke, a, sailor on board the brig Welsford, w»a arrested 6n Saturday for havbsg stolen a gold watch wonh $ 5 0 from the captain of th« blip, a lot o f carpenter's t c o ^ and other articles worth as muck more. The accused confessed t^» crime and was locked op b y Justice Connolly....George Ellis was brought to tail port yes- terday from Havana, by order -.f the U S. Consul, c'wgel witb having fatally>stabbed the second mate of the birk BUory War • ncr, while ljins at that port T w o sailors from the bark v«n> also seDt hack as witnesses T^ey were all taken ia charge-by tbe TJ. S. Marshal....William Sparks waS arrested yesterday, charged with having about »lx months since, passed a oount*r- f«..it#10billoftteFarmers'andManufacturers'BanktoMI-M Helen Bennett, in Greene street. Since that time the accused has kept away from the house till yesterday morotng, whoa h « ajrain attetuptoti to pass a counterfeit &5 bill. The aooased WM taken before Justice Connolly, WJLO committed him for ex&ml- natic n.ACCIDENTS A N D INQUESTS—William Benneman, aGerman, 2G yew* of sge. cut his throaS on Friday, prodaclig al- most lnstapt death. Deoesj-ed was terribly scalded, about seven, months since, at a sugar-mUl, at the corner of Pine and Cherry fctree^s,sincewhichtfrmeheha«beencoifinedtobisbed-Op- pression of spilt t«, on account of his sickness, is supposed to have prompted the deed. Coroner O'Keefe held an Inquest on the> nody fJosephAbramofNo.3,1eroystreetattemptedtocwi his throat with a razor oh Saturday afternoon. He succeeded in making a frightful looking wound, and doubts of his recov»ry sr« entertained Michael Conwav. egedfour y«ars, wssrun-ovec by car No 15 of the Sixth aveouo 'Railroad, on Saturday morning; and s* terioutly injured as to result i n death a f e w hoars 'a*«r.Cor' ner O'Keefe held an inquest on Saturday, at tbs Bslle- vne Hospital, on tbe body o f Marji Pmlth. who WM rwn over b y a train of cats on tbe New-Haven Railroad, on the 10th inst. A. verdict of "accidental death" —as re-dered James Dagan. a g e d 10 y e a r s , d l e d a t t h e N e w - Y o r k H o s p i t a l , o n F r i d a y , f r o m t h s > effects ©rinjuilea received by beingran over by a frel«cht-o*r on th« H iidson JH*er Railroad. The parents of the boy, who reside i a Twenty-fifth street, near Ninth avenue, had sent him t o school, but heranaway,andwasstealingande on^the cars, when bo was knocked down and run over. Coroner Scbfrmer tusld an in- quest on tbe body, which resulted la a verdict o f "accidentaldeath,"»••»NKW-YORX HOSPITAL.—-Weekly report to April 13,,Ives, in Cornwall; North Dundrum Bay, in Ireland, and Buckit, on the northern coast of Scotland. Each of these places is noted for the frequency of the wrecks in its vicinity, and at some of the stations some lament- able loss of life occurred during the heavy storms of last Whiter.CITYITEMS.One storehouse, the largest in the United States,be of Police will probably be made.<«*yiaimposeduponiheControllerastoalllandssur-^ ^ " d , not simply a llands purchased. I t compels theCoutr^jer 0 f the City to purchase a lease, the validityof wnit he, in connection with the Corporation Coun- asel, isatthe present moment contestinginthecourts,andto«x4ngnishjudgments totheamountofover . §600 000, th* justice of which the Controller is taking measures to dispute. Even it this obligation is intendedto be conditional upon the purchase of the lands, the . result may be to compel the city to nay judgments •which, its authorities have represented to me to befraudulent and ur>jus*, in order to enable the city to purchase lands it defciree to obtain. If tbe judgments axe valid, the city is abundantly responsible, and will he compelled b y the courts to pay them, and that is n o reason why the Legislature should attempt to antici- pate the action of the proper tribunals.Indeed, if the judgments had not been obtained for the occupation of a portion of the bands to be con- veyedj no one Would have thought of inserting such a proviaioQ into tbis bill. A moment's reflection will, howev-er, show that this fact makes no difference as to the propriety of the provision The judgments are% against the city—not against t h e State; and they are'xxmseouently not a lien upon the land. If the city iswillingtopurchasethe band it should have theper-missiontodosountrammelea bytheobligationtopay Annapoli?,oneu?picionthathewas "property." He theexceedinglyattractivebillofentertainmentsadver- DraperandMr.T.P.CollinsofLynn,andMr.Mosespicked up a vine-cutting to drive her mule. This cutting she planted on her arrival, and after a lapse Of seven years the foregoing is the result.—Mr. George P . Burnham, th e ex-liquor agent of Massachusetts, has been put into ineolvency b y somepoint of time, and always foremost in importance, that his baggage had been retained in default of pay- coet of cutting and transportation.BostonipEueof the warrant. Mr. Bnrnbam testified before the Commissioner that he owned $80,000 worth of good property ; that he owed $11,000 on mortgage, and that all other claims against him amounted to $34,000.His wife and children were charged at the same ex- ments for the benefit of the fund of this mo3t worthy orbitant rate. M r. Poe paid the bill, and sought re-creditors,althoughh estronglyopposedt h emaking apredatoryvisittherea n dstolenfound a purse on the ground containing $60, undoubt- edly dropped by the careless thief. The doctor is quite willing to have some moie hens stolen a t that rate,—Mr. A. L . C . Portman, the Dutch interpreter who accompanied tho expedition of Commodore Perry to Japan, and who is now residing in Brooklyn, will soon proceed to Washington to await the arrival of the Jap- anese Embassadors, with whom he will remain during their stay in this neighborhood. Mr. Portman will meet one old Japanese friend, the interpreter Mori- vam'a, who has for many years been the chief medium of alLGovernment communication with outaide nations, and who now accompanies the first foreign Embassy.MJHgHarrietHosmerhasarrivedatherhomefromItaly.When Edward Everett was President of Harvard>College, Mr. Peter C. Burke, his father-in-law, gave to the College $10,000 for the purpose of erecting a suitable bouse for tbe President's use. At Mr. Everett's ruggeslion, the money w as invested; it has now doubled, and the corporation are about building a houseman company, of course in their own language. I u the evening, " Nine Points of the Law," " The Mar- Bellaiee," chanted by Miss Kate Bateman, "Latest from New-York," a number of operatic selections, "Turning tbe Tables," the German play of " T h e Robbers," to conclude with a popular pantomime. Further particulars and more elaborate details will ba found in the advertisements. The leading members ofrates of wages now paid cigar-makers in this city are §9 to §9 50 per thousand. The weekly receipts of good workmen average from $11 to $12.edificeMETHODIST EPISCOPAL CITY MISSIONS.—The an- niversary of the New-York Conference City Mission Society of the Methodist Episcopal Church w as held ye&terday morning in the Central Methodist Episcopal Church in Seventh avenue, near Fourteenth street, •where addresses were delivered by the Rev. Drs. McClintock and Durbin, aud the Rev. J . P . Newman; in the afternoon, at the Bedford-street Methodist Episco- pal Church, where addresses were given by the Rev. Drs. Nadai and Osbon, and in the evening at theGreene-Btreet Methodist Episcopal Church. A t a l l18b0 Surgical. * Remaining April 6 ...;.,...14*Admittedto April 13.......;... 41Discharged, cured or relieved.. 19 JflJ<»o».,....•••••••.•••••••••'••» - Remaining at date ....:...168Medical. T otal.TT rn 19 6414 33 3 7Te- 243;.spacious and appropriat^Lecture-room has been con- structed in its rear..ciety has five Sundajjrfchools under its charge, which average 200 echolars each, and in the churches estab- lished by it there are 250 members. Two new church enterprises are in hand, and the means for more ex- tended usefulness are constantly on the increase.s [Advertisement]DYSPEPSIA, DROPSY AND FEVER Ajrr> AGUE.Axao, iroa Gxmtxjo. DBBIHTY.W otra's SCHUCPAK AROMATIC SCHMAPM U r«oomm*nd«4most emphatically b y t h e most distinguished member* o f tsbe medical profession In the above eomplulnts. »i»d is the only Qsa in this countrj which ha* tbe indorsement c f the medical food* ty. Put«pis,quartandpint bottUs,andsold byallDrWsta, Grocers Ftcdt Stores and Conn ry Merchants. Look out for oountoifeita a n d imitations j the whole country Is flooded wish,AMUSEMENTS,—The rival operas at the Academy 8nd Winter Garden, respectively, will monopolize, of course, the a'tention of the musically-inclined amongstorehouseisbuilton the Bameprincipleasa refrigercomes that ofThe Dramatic Fund Association.—The entertain-ins $9 a day for board while waiting for steamer day.A email family can be supplied a t their own doors with enough of ice for all ordinary purposes for six- pence a day, actnally a t a less cost than if the ice w a s given to them, and they had to carry it separately to their houses. The largest conoumers of ice are hotel- keepere, butchers, and confectioners. The St. Nicholas, during the bight of Summer, uses about three tuns daily. The exportTrade in ice is increasidg rapidly, and affords a larger rate of remuneration than that soldCharity occupy t h e entire afternoon a n d evening ofto-morrow, Tuesday, 17th. The bill is one of/thestrongest ever presented, comprising so great a varietyof performances that all will find something to admire.As usual, all the leading ones of those whose vocation part fiom his rule ? If so, why ? ia to minister to the legitimate amusement of the peo-Hanlon Brothers will perform some of their wonderfnl gjmnattic feats, to be followed by the comedietta of " Forty and Fifty," a recitation by J . B . Brown, esq., and tire operetta of "The Bonnie Fishwife," and toan existence on 80 cents per week.After the speecheshad beensome of his best hsns. On looking around a little, he conclude with the " Actrees of all Work," by a Ger- the sympathy entertained by the cigar-makers. The tion.the two opera companies, of Laura ^Keene's, Wal- proaching completion. It is* expected to be open forMales, 1995 Females, 43.f AdvertiseiJaent ]laces, the two Bowery Theaters, the Winter Garden, and the Circus Companies will be found in the list.divine seivice. on the 29th inst—the last Sunday of theHousekeepers will find every description o f E n -llsh Medsllion, velvet, Brussels, Three-ply,'and Tnrrein Carpet*, Ru«{s. Stair Carpeting, Mats, Matting, Floor Oilcloths, O m f w U , Table and Piano Covers, Window Shades, fee, at greatly .xvduosdmonth. The building is an honor toils architect and Academy of Music.—To-night will be given the totbechurchwhohas erected it,exceedinginsizeandopera of " Lucia di Lammermoor," with Patti, Brig- noli, and Ferri in the principal characters.Winter Garden —This evening " Ernani" will be produced, with Fabbri, Stigelli, and Ardavani in the leaoing parts.WaUacJc's Theater.—This evening Mr. John Dyotttakes bisannual benefit, andpresentsthe "School largegatheringofthieves,pickpockets,andshop-lifters,for Scandal," cast as it only can be cast as thishouse, with M r. Dyott as "Joseph Surface," andMessrs. Blake, Brougham, Walcot, Lester, Young, Mendltbanm. Good music was in attendance, and a Sloan,Floyd,andMrs.Vernon,Mrs.Hoey,Mrs.Sloan, gayandlivelydancewasgoingon. AbenchwarrantBAXTER-STREET MISSION.—Yesterday afternoon ameeting of the poor residents of the Five Points, and them. surroundingneighborhood,washeldattheMissionHouse, No. 42 Baxter street. Messrs. Pardee, Balen,and others, delivered addresses. T h e order whichprevailed was very gratifying. This mission is doing itsworkinanunpretendingway,depending,ofcourse, an'I idvioeatFowJJKR&.W*LM,NO.908Broadway. .^ brokerwaaarrestedinBostontheotherday,for and Mies Gannon in thedistribution. Thefarceof havingvbeenissuedforthearrestofAdolphKleinsmidt,1 h'ousands o f young m e n have been saved froaaUjing to p^ss forged paper.'1* A n inquiry showed" Bathing," will follow the comedy.Niblo's Gar den—To-night Mr. Nixon comes out inOfficers King and McCord of the Lower Police Court proceeded to the house of Mendlebaum, hoping to findruin, uad other thousands directedin tho n*e of their taloats to Bon s r and frrtrrae, by obtaining PrHautonouiCAi. EXAXISATIOMT*that tbe forgtry was committed by the son of the maafc-feofShelbyviUe,anoblerelicoftheoldtimegenerationthe of Kentuckians, and the venerable M rs. Price, *BBOBBOBBrooklyn. These gentlemen propose making a semi- Lawra Ktend.s Theater.—The "ColleenBawn" is then interfered, pronounced thewarrantillegal,and missionarytourthroughSwitzerland^SouthernEurope,brilliant opposition to the other rival operas up town, the person for whom they were looking. Entering the and boldly announces*" The Bronze Horse." Certain ball-room, they soon saw their, gentleman struggling inbe done in a style that has never been witnessed beforelovingly around the waiBt of a plump Teutonic maiden.in New-Y ork. A real horse, particularly alive a n d the astonished rider to the clouds.All the acts in the ring will b e changed, and a num-ber of entirely new performances will be introduced,mongin the mid enjoyment of a well-deserved Buccew, andUntitled Documentadvisedtheprisonernottogowiththeofficers. Ho"andeverynight. ThegreatGrizzly,tbeSsa>1'ion,and the Anacondas attract crowds of beholders* *^V° r e " tpectfnlly Bubmit that the " What is It?" has- &ee.n » • flicted long enough on the public.JNeia Bowery TlieeJer.—" Robin Hood "'-has bei«n this current, Mr. John Wise affirms that he will betroupe have b*en reengaged, and appear this woekiaM8uedtoDr. John J. Crane, executor, and Cecelia plyrequiresthegroosbulkofnearly300,000tuns,asin Burton, the testator's eldest daughter, the executrix transportation and delivery one-third liquefies. ToTHE CASE OF ALDERMAN BARRY.—On SaturdayDistrict-Attorney Waterbury obtained an alternativemandamus requiring the Sheriff to take Aid. Richajd Athens, and is capable of holding 60,000 tuns. AmBarry to the Penitentiary, in accordance with the original sentence pronounced against him by tbe Court of inches, is stuffed with sawdust. The cost of such adiees. Hjstt refunded the money. Some time ago tbe Mayor gave o u t that h e would n o t compromise with these swindlers any more, but wonld hand them over to the Couits. Has be found it advisable to de-amount to about one million dollars yearly.annualA. Di*, Elijah F . Purdy, W m . D .' Ken- nedy, Geo. E . Baldwin. Jas. B . Nicholson, Henry Vandewater, John Kelly, Nelson-J. Wateibury, "Wm. Miner, Wilson Small, hadbeen,made,acommittee-was appointedtovisitall' DouglasTaylor,JamesConner,llichardB.Connolly. Treasurer, John Y - St.vaRe, j r . ; Secretary, Casper C . Cbllda; Sagamore,cbair. T h e leading ppeakers there were Mr. Alonzothe cigar shops throughout the city and solicit sub-scriptions, with which to give a material expression ofCHURCH.—The newTHEwhich the congregation of the Rev. Dr. Hayne has been for gome time erecting on the corner of Thirty- fir&t s'reet and Madison avenue is now rapidly ap-N E WBAPTISTlightful—justbracingenoughtobewholesome aud, elevation of from tw o to three miles. B y means of tbe laboring classes availed themselves of the "poorair-currents, and the practicability of making use of the!ti»e.lateWm.E.Wilmerdingtook,placeatGrace Fifty-ninthstreet,nearSecondavenue. Mr.Harper**Bryants' Minstrels.—Tbe burlesque o f " The Strang- j The body,was placed jn the family vardt, in St. Luke'sTrinityChvrrch,tookplaceattheParishChrarchat3J mainedwithtbechildconstantly. OnMoadaymorn-and dinner...-By far the largest portion of tbe policeNo. 59Broadway, tap stairs, on this morning,at10Pilsbury made the following speech:ployedduringthegreaterpartoftheWintermonthsto ment,hehasacteaIDthecapacityofTreasurer,withalonging to the New-York Ice Company, is situated aator- The vacant space between them, about twentyT H E oftheTammanySocietywillbeheldintheGrand Council Chamber of the Great Wigwam this evening. Acaucusoftbemembersmetatth^eWestchesterHouse on Friday evening, when the following ticket waa agreed upon:SACHEMSO Fthese churches there was a barge attendance, and col-tion in this city, if not in the whole United States. A lections were taken up in aid of the Society. The So- ery, sign of the large Golden Eagle.beauty any edifice belonging to the Baptist denomina-prices. Be porttcuUr, and g» to HIKAX AjtiMsRsOtr, No. »9 B«»w-PICKPOCKETS' BALL.—On Friday night there, waa aof both sexes, mowtly JewB and Germans, at the lagerbeer saloon No. 141 East Sixth Btreet, kept by Wolfentire family had partaken of poison of some kind, buta—if ti w/J ^rfM^4T^^^^'*^ ** ^ '' f''•iiiiiiiwiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069«*w*SS^^www.fultonhistory.com 