 ••tlds crisis tbeuld have passed away. The Antl-Le- an Interest in tbe foraiatlon of tbe new aoveielgnty. every now and then they wish this House and the Mr, AsBAiB wanted to say something.VOL. K—NO. 3588. CONOBESS.NEW-YORK, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1860. PRICE TWO CENTS.bJssphemoosIy compared to Je«M Cbslst, The unt- a State ConetitBtioa and orgaaldBg a lOTeTOlCBtyitbe ifbo bad to raa Bgafaitt both Damoeratie and I{ep<4<l- rltotlon of tbe TJniied Statea ftr u ettaUithed Meaeaxe af GeTeraar Cktue^ mt OhU. vettality of these demonstrattoa showed that tha Territory has power, under tke Conatitatiao, to ax- eas orgaaiiation. Aa I naderttand the position of Slavery In tbe TIarrilorieeof tbe tMted Statee, eonld TAXAHOK—TBI nUAJIClS AHD STATB ]>>»—<»L-' fksatiealspiritofhostlUtytotk*Soothwaswide- eladeBlaruy,butthatpoweroonldoalybeexercised certainAaH-Leeomp'oBDemocrats,whoaowrafass notcarryasisgleeoontyInmyState, Mow,Ifthe OBKDBtrmUGXAXDDUOATIOa—tBSHAmBlf spread. Whenever the tiae abanid eome that aa a revelatlonary right which destroys private prop- to affiliate wHb Repnblleana to organise tbe Hoose, gentlemen had kept cool they would have beard hon-"tn SSKATB ABJ0DBNID TO MOHDiT. tills sentiment Should Ite aUa to control erty, and Is, tlieT*fare, violative of ^tnral josttoe. In their districts they were regarded as so ultra that estly and candidly what I did say and still say— -Gkivemor CbaSB allndeaMessage, to the eveati of the p«et year, and tbesHniAa Wt. iMm' «r TexM, ft»f f,r ' *on the state ormated at $240,0(0,000lOBIHBR BAUOniB FOR SPSAKSR.althoug^hpropertydiiereiu sovereignty, be' hall no Mglitto claim the time, to proceed to ballot, I Intesd to amend by add- hair's breadth ; but the ConventiOB which nominated ty, bnt with tbe enUte piodiicts of tae flua iiMahMmm MBtiBBa* in Om mbm bopalau ooBdiUoa udesired to disturb flke Blavery qnesUoo la Mr, GoooB failed to see that the;;seven-twentiethsfor relmbarseiapntof Tem-of euatoai.^oau BiULu> Fbttoii appeared od the floor to-day,•^.ttitMr. Davis—1 do not object to tiis Mr. Maxs—Ok, very well.tually received—at)out Lbousaiid doUai<»—4b forty-fiveattritutable to costs of collection, vailatians baHMiatmtwmifmth Uaalaed. 'delinquencies unpaid and delinquencdea and errors in assessment.ultoi ttil1of the country wlu> pre- vented it. It was the miifortuae of the naUon that it SMtwasreoelredbythe Preiident yaatarday. No wastoomuchcontrolled by thiscontemptibleclass. iiyetdeteiminedonforTreasnrer,butthe HehopedloftierandpatrioticviewswouldobtaininjjtiarMr. BsARCB—IVoicxB—Too late. [Confusion.] Mr.PoxTix—IwishtobringbackthisHouse.JMta SoMvm.T'B acceptanee of the new ^>pot3it-little, trading politiciansMr! GoocH—I amI are personally concerned.satisfied so far as be aad—Louder. Hr.Dath—IwilltalkloudbeforeIamthrongb. Iobject.ik«tk«tiiMt.The Yeas and Nays were demanded by the Bemo-tke floor ?Tlous to their removalha directed to prepare the old hall for temporary ou- cupancy. Hr. Moasis would not call up the resolutiondiSer from the President.Mr. DcsN—1 won't ask you to yield.The confusion now became worse than ever. The ilfimniotts iwnitihts coirlcgiunm,stahnacsesbt^oefn eagxgercauvtaetdiwointiiwinhihcehr;laid that Hr. Couax yesterday attacked his ceive no votes which had nut already beea giren himsee individuals announce their opinions and define their positions, tind state what they intend to do, andMr. Srxvzita raised tbe point that the resolution was lion of the common principles of justice but in cot In order ; that previous to entering on business violation of the Constitution of the United iht act of Congress requires that the oath shall be ad- States." In the Globe, as printed to-day, ne liiilBtered to the Speaker, and by him to the Clerk found the words "does not" stricken oat of his and all the members, and that no resolution of this question, and the words, "if done by the Fed- body can repeal the act. The proposition now of- eral authority," interpolated to the answer before the!DcBB,card in theLedger,of thatcity,in which heexplalasment to tbi* aectional party, and aM tiiem in tke Pre- sldAltiai e^totesi. Hence; alltka eteaeata of opposi-U notholda ll|at the naa who Urea osdtr one lovareigBtyaad Admlniltrafion (If Democrats,;(ban one- third woold be canceled by payiaent •( otbaction ought to eemetlwy have the ttatieVUsflonkry party to place one of theit awol^r in fb^ V]>>akKrasower, and defeattogetberwh^ the^ati^ibpi'iglfbe have what the law as may recognizesDemocracy be dividedhonest creditors o< this Government were going Into IwnkruptcyT All the great interests of thecooatry demanded that the House should be speedily organ- ized on a conservative basts, and It was only tlieextensive alterations of the official record of their pro.to misrepresent him.send broadcast the land disunion sentiments through;however, to make a speech, but simply rose tow they were .to organize.parties here opposed to the Republican Party--the Democrats, tbe Southern Opposition and the Anti-Le-consider the question h'No party having a majority, he thouglit the Housein clerk endeavored to suppress the disorder.Mr. Mors—Tbe debate has taken a beneficial turn.could not fail to excitedeepest feeling^is morning.Mr. BcisHAii, of Ohio, (Rep.,) and others objected.Mr. ^OBTeoHUT, of Pennsylvania, (Dem.,) understood that the Republican candidate could re- I differ with them in toto as to their action, but amdecision couldacarry single cotmty;could only organize in one of two ways. ItwellIndiana tthat word." That Is the very point I wanted. 1 did no tnch thing. Sir: [Applause on tbe Democratic bide of the HousiOMr. PoBTXE, (phlling newspaper out of pocket)— NcJ^', Sir, does my colleague acknowledge the Demo- cratic orgair of his State ! Here is a report of hiscitii^ens, travelingbeen subjected to espionage .•md indignity—to arrestto concede, that every man acts from consci- former proposition for temporary organization, —that he had tha last man he could get, and that the entions convictions, of duty as I do myself. I OB tbe ground of violation of the Constitution. South Americans and Democrats could never unite, should be the last to impute unworthy motivesand imprisonment.To these caotes of particularHe had offered it in good faith. We are in debt to being as radically opposed to each other as tu io any manthe mail contractors four milllonB. It is an honest tbe Republicans. The House could therefore be past issues. Here are three organizationsdebt, honestly contracted, for services honestly per- organized only by the voluntaiy withdrawal *of algnify Anti-Lecompton men as sn organization, and formed. It is not a Democratic, Republican or Amer- some portion of the Americans and Democrats, it seems to nie are rather but retleman from New-York, (Ci,\sk,) not organize, [f.ntighter.]olleague,Mr. Mius said that no apology wastbe determination of a large majc-rlty of tlw alave-they disorganizers— hf ican debt, but a national debt. Adopt his proposi- or by the adoption of the plurality rule. are three parties, equally opposed to Republican doc-speech. I will ask the Clerk to read it ;tion, and they could pass the Post-olEce Appropriation bill,andredeemthecreditofthenation.Mr. Wnios, of Indiana, (Rep.,) said, if the gentle- man was anxious to. pay the debt, he would ask him to adopt the ^urality rule now.He maintained that the election by pluralitywouldbeperfectlyconstitutionaL TheConstltutioagave the House power to elect its own presiding offi-cers, and they could do it in any way they chose, evenif it were tlu-ough a pommittee. The adoption of the are disorganizers. How could we possibly organizeMr. MenooxiBT replied that if he was willing to plurality rule would tie the act of a majority. Let the House unless we voted for*Mr. SaiaHAB? If wehim an opportunity to reply to what Mr. Davis said wasaccept It, others were tmwilling to do so. If three- them spend no time on fruitless discussions about voted for Mr. Bococx orMr, M1U.S01, Democrat, our rotes would not elect.or other anyconfusion.] Mr. BcxRxrfMr. Davis that (Ddnx) spoke to the people of Indiana, who knew bothAsABS was elected ChalrmaiuMr. Snvzirs—Was Mr. Ababi Speiker TMr. MoxTOOXUY considered him such. Mr. Cob- rule, and for letting tliose who would factlousljr op-Then, if I understand tbe Mr. MontooBest had not examined the records to gentleman, it is in violation of the common pridfclpleswn< would be to-day temporary Speaker if the House would adopt his resolution.(Itvlie :iui.':;ration of the world tbe spectacle of a greatpose It take the responsibility t>e(ore the country.Mr. GoocB, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) rose to cor- Mr. MoaaiB of PennsylTanla, (Independent,) Bsked rect an error in the official report of yesterday's pro- whether there was any legislation while Mr. Asahs ceedings, as given in the Globe, He had asked Mr.Union where It does not now exist !" To this Mr.•'Rxaoab answered, I think it is not only in viola-1 am not to be thrown off my guard, Mt. t'lcik, my lionorable colleaguecajiicity. Onwas Chairman.see, but if there was no legislation that did not prove of justice to exclude Slavery from any State In theHe asked me If 1 did not denounceend,^there could not have been-. He renewed his resolu- tion.of he (Do.vs) wooid leave fiisihood,Jan. wanting. 2, 18CD.party principles, but meet the responsibilities resting upon them like men, and vote on and voteciti- zens of other States will excite tn her any senti- ments save those of sorrow and reproliation. Theywrill notmoveherfromhercourse. Shewillneitherdis- solve tbe Union hersell nor consent to its dissolutlanby she confirmed in the principles of the Constitution, she will oppose Itsna- True to tie faith in which ber youth was nurtured, and calm in the consciousness otherfourths were willing to accept and the other fourthprotests against it, an organizatioa could not l>e ef-fected, nor even if ten men protested. His proposi- ever till a Speaker should be elected. Hetion was fair, honest and just. He asserted it was came here to work and to rote, and aid constitutional, and he referred to our past legislative not mean to leave off for dinner just wlisn gentlemanof Kentucky, rose to a point of order. He objected fo everything until order should be re-stored.Mr. Gxov said there would be order if they wouldkeep quiet on the Democratic tide.Mr, PoxTix—My colleague gave way.Mr. Davis-Idon't give way for anythlngbutaques-tlon. [Ironical laughter on the Republican side.] Mr. Poatxa—Do I understand my colleague refutesganizers.be, quietly and firmly discharging their duties. Whileer his colleague could show that befure an org^iu- Ibey »ouM not talk, ncitlicr would they quit their we do not then vote so as to organize. Till then, weread. His colleague said that he did not, in the can- will resist the extension of Slavery vass, denounce the Dred Scott decision, but there;liiatory to show the preeedence in such cases.Mk. Stxvbss, of Pennsylvaala. (Rep.,) asked wheth-tbe turkey was hot Let them stay all night, if needzatloD a Speaker pro «m had been eleoted.Mr. MoBTOOBBBT replied that in 1S38 and 1640, Mr-and in due time will tell thecountr>' what he said, lie (Dcnn) beard the si^eech under the Constitution, maintain Liberty, Let usthat differencespoiit? to t;o and feaat on tlic good things of this world, whilo the mail runtractors and creditors of the Gov-stand on the same basis as other members.to be read ?fered is therefore an absurdity. Tbe cases referred words, "A violation of the Constitution of the Uidted facts fairly.ly appraisedat from tvoolumes, $10,000 $30,000.various- forthwith If he wished to escape lynching. Mr. G. denied the accusation. A large crowd iitennihledto by Mr. MoiinOBUx were .BOt proposition.applicablethe Lecompton men disorganizers If they don't come to us when Ihcy can elect SaxaiiAS, <b much as whan tbey refuse to go that side 1 (Laughter.]actly what is In that paper. Sir. keep the House from being organized, but I presume timidated by these men. Sir.w«comptonSupremev. ter of the Fugitive Slave law, as it did in question stood he regarded It as nonsensical, and had seen any opportunity when our votes will our State. I never read the Simopsis tillthe State Treasurer ofTrippe, Georgia,'circumstance, and the next mooiinfprovided his w Ife with a cow-lu'de.beS-clfon,iu.d told him he was wan»tfed"^ his resi-where itMr. GotCB—If I understand tbe gentleman aow, hebothaa Admtnlitration man can with propriety be called a Democrat) I wish now to give notice, as it Isperfectly apparent this House cannot be organized by a major-where it said that the Censtitn-Sforieiice of the Court Martial, in consequence of the bis State, and would be prepared to make any sacri- The motion was disagreed to, 70 against 135.Cenrt harlng convicted him of an offence under the fices to preserve tbe Union in its original spirit i but Mr. Baxkibaai, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) nominated quiry has been made, I desire to tell the Voicx—That's right;properly be deriucted $288,154, already collected for part payment of the temfxirajy loan.UOtOKXll EUFt'BAGX AND XDCCATIOB.An act of tbe last General .Assembly directs the judges 01 elections to reject the votes of persons who^etyHolBtb'articie of war, when a dlAeient offence was charged fonder . the eighty-third article. The twielary candemos in serere terms the loegularitles •f the proceedings of the Courtthe feeling was gaining strength 'at the South that Mr. TAiXABBiflHAM, of Ohlo, (Dem.)gentlesoan, and to tell this 'House, and to tell the country [laughter] how 1 was elected here. I was elected here as a Democrat by a majority ofifrhes,warriors,He was grateful to tbe patriotic Democrats ofaad.Ktieated in safety from the country.mH^ > party of dragoons, had also defeated thenever expectsinglegen- but 1itself and as a Tbe actaod captured a large quantity of stock and •• Apacke. War is progressiDg Tigorously.Fintlieut. E. H. Sat, of the Third Artillery, diedwith that additional strength tbe Union would be preserved,laughter.]The ballot resulted as follows :a and largehabeta: corpus.inE HARPSK'S FEBBY FORAT.In tmnsraittlngthe reeolutionsadopieii by the Legis- lature of this State, condemning the Afrrcaa Slave- trade, and the correspondence between himself andApachesmy preference for Speaker.I have votedsteadilyDemocracy,thenthe Republicans were in the right;dangerous power, capableofbk Biahmond, Va., on the 3d inststored to the country. If sectiofialisni could not be put down in the next Fresidential contest, he would urge a Congress of Southern States to take counsel for their own safety. That Congress would insist upon guarantees of equSl rights in the i'erritorics, and declare that the South would remain in political fellowship with no State which persists in legislationNecessary to a choiceFor .Mr. Sherman, of Ohio, (Rep.,)ForMr. Vallandigbam, of Ohio, (Dem.,)For Mr. Gilmer, of Norto Carolina, (American,).. For Mr. H. F. Clark, of New-York, (A. L, Dem,,) ScatteringThe Bouse again voted.\fflt 104 <Sfl 7 4 2tSto the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that much as 1 respect Mr. Shismas personally, I will not vote for him until these walls fall donn. [Vigorous applause on the Democratic side.] I never understood when I commenced fighting this battle against the Adminis- tration, I was to be sold Into the arms and embraces of Republicanism. [More an>lause from tbe Demo- crats.]tiiae, and for that he must expect to be denounced as a renegade, &c,SENATE.WABBiaeTos, Thursday, Jan, 6.Tbe Senate met at 1 o'clock.Tarioas petitions and memorials were presented. Hr. Kns, of New-York, (Rep.,) presented the petl-wasI;Col. Rura,I intendtovoteto is not only suchpreacnedent. attempt,refeiiedQ.Mr. PoRTZi—I amwillingthequestionbetweenusantbey were to be branded with the degradation of la- feriority. That fueling must be arrested, or the Union will be lost. Gentlemen neeo not talk of coer- cion. That was as idle ai the winds. The South knew ber resources aad power, and would treat allThe House proceeded to vote.Mr. Poma, of Wlsoonsln, (Rep.,) when his name four thousand votes in my district, and In the seventy Dred Scott decision. He denied it. I ask the Clerk may apiiear to have a distinct and visiole admixtaremli:d up in the John Brown aSalr, he could not vote party 9f threats with contempt. The time had come when for him, but for JuBM SHsaBAi). CLaughter.lwhat is a distinct admixture o: that of descriptioafrom Arizona state that anagen had surprised a ranche belonging to the Tonto the South would make no more concessions.blood, or nbrn it may be said to be visible, ItisqaitaIHipatiehfeBand had killed tenby saying be should very much like to vote for Mr,dfchneO by the Constitution. Hj Ihn' inrTrnmnnt it is Democrat, denouncing that ov; measure and that into the Territories and maintains it there ; that no restricted to white male citizens. The questft^ s^atfea of Bbwih B. Mnaanr, of Jftfw-Vat*, and ttirpeiBKired others, praying for the passage of a Uome- oppression by the majority. He was ta favor of a ForMr. Seisbah211 106ttawlMU.A reaohitiOB was adopted that lAat On BsMtoal-meeting of tbe three conservative parties to see if tliey eeoU not agree apon some plan by whtek they could orgaalae the House.(Aamt.l^-Leeo^S« ft• *8honest, inasmuch as he seems disposed lo-unbosomX raised ne eontrovcrsy wlth^im. [Langh- I made a simple inquiry of the gentleman from New-Jersey, as to «ho were the five Antl-Lccompionof bis He denied courage colleague. havingit stand a4jaamed till Monday. Mr^Hianoss, of South Carolina, (Dem.,) asked toMotions to print the Message and Treasury Report struggle for Speaker. He was in favor of fair play, Immediately surrounded by a circle of gentlemenwere referred to tiie Committee on Printiog,Mr. Fxtamsn, of Maine, (Rep.,) asked to be ex- easad from serrlag on the Special Committee on theEownas Land Grarit. Adjourned till Monday.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. WABBraoTOB, Thursday, Jan. 5.joum,and not above five members bad seen It.Democrats, but as the .gentleman from Indi.'uia has That made no difference. When a public man makesGov. Cbase says:Mr. Wzus, of New-York, (Rep.,) faid they were be ucused from sendng on tbe Finance Committee. new near the termination of the fifth week of the"noble qualities, by whomsoever cisplayed, we mustoffered a resolu- tion, wUeh was read for Information, tliat the Super- tntendent of Public Buildings be directed to replace the desks and chairs as they were in this Hall pre-Xr. HOSKIS, of Blinois,(Dem.,)ring,, ibr it could not be can- sideied much better, there was nothing like fJir play.both tides to listen to him, lie raid lie eagering to compare records on points of Democracy. I must remind liim that he has not answered my mainhe » ill not shrink I'rom any exposition.Mr. Davu—As to care and responsibility for my dis-all inroads into States, not merely at peace with us,gramme of eonservative men, North and South, was General Government had nothing to do with Slavery in opposition to the Republican candidate, then tlie Although It Is not a fair synopsis, I am not afraid or the fact that sixty-eight members of the House had in the States, and could neither establish nor exclude five Anll-Lecompton Democrats will be called upon ashamed to have It read here or elsewhere. I will Indorsed the treasonable Helper book, and that one it within Slate limits. He was known as a Stales- to act definitely. Whenever that time arrlvet, we not take back a single position I have honestly enter-Mr. Joseph Ganahl, United States Attor- 1TMLrSof these indorsers was the candidate of tlie party for rights man, but he supposed every one conceded theSpeaker. It was a signlScant fact that the Republi- sovereignty of States over their domeatis institutions,can candidate had not denouaced and repudiated that and was surprised at such a question.book. He did not fairly and squarely repudiate the Mr. Gooca was willing tbe House should judge sey a single question. what I esy. I Itnow that speech has lieen tised to book, because he knew that if he did so Ills party whether or not tbe question was nonsensical, as of Mr. Hocaiojr, of Alabama, (Dem.)—I object. [Con- operate on certain gentlemen of this side against me, would repudiate him, and take ap some laan who did course tbey would judge of the answer. The gentle- fusion.] 1 know It was used clandestinely and meanly by^gen-dence to hold an inquest. Mj- ^^fTM thTcireSer returned home hiisfJf, .»^'lo,A''"i„B the frSu'l arrived, devoted his energies '"ekeeping ,m^^ ^ who attended him uuiii'ieof "ouse-^.^^jj ^^ 1,^^condemnthe ofthebook. Theraidof msnhadsaidtheTerritoriescouldnotexcludeSlave- Mr.Mnxs—Ihavethefloor,andhavenottheslight- tlemenonthatside. principlesand more recently stationed in Lliaa, died in tbat vil- lage on Saturday last.Stevens, who had hun formsrly l"f^^^'^,,^„der.ytJoBi BaoTK at Harper's Ferry was not poUttcallyIgnlllcant, from the commission of murder and out-rages, but from the fact that it was the carrying asked if by parity of reasoning he did not think It spealfs of five Anil* Lecompton Democrats here. give you llbeity. I believed so far as the Dred Scott ont of a weU-matuied plan. These men were was outrsging natural justice to continue the exclh- 1 wish to know who these five are by name. I decision wat concerned, It was right, but I did not jiBStly executed. But at the North the tolling of bells sion, or to exclude It afterwards Twas heard; churches wereeetttgs of sympathy were held in many localities,in Wbicb Joaa B.aemt wu declared martyr, and ed slaves as tbe property of IndivlU'ialB. in foru^ing with them, or whether tie meaas to iAmiinbv ih'-"'"''^'''^ ("vJnt «'"' sentenced Captain M. Wilson, a soldier of the war of of Mechanicmlle. S^^'oEo"n^"'',",,,- uu. Ostrander 1812, died In Newburgh on the I9th ult., aged 86 years. to be bu;m, at SI. i-oois. ^^„^ter ; U« «««'draped in mourning;11thought contraryjusti'^cStates gave it in Lis special nie8sa,;e, andSSb-"^^^'^ry at tbe time of adoption of a State Constitution, according to principles of natural justice; and he hadesl objection to the question.Mr. HiOKBA!!—The gentleman from New-Jersey,Mr. PoiTxi—Mr. Clerk, a wordMr, Davis—No, Sir, not a word—just now, till IJ!r. RiAOAiito naturalsuch men as in their districts had the imdivided vote of the Hepubliran Party and a few Democratsto aboUfb Slavery in the Terri'.orlet, because be regard-ted1 said further—for I have no secrets—that in ray opin-recognizedproperty.MessageaaRepoiUeaaPresident'ition carries and establishes Slavery in the Territories. I said I was elected as an Independent man. The gen- tleman who ran against rae was an Antl-Leoomp-power, and is exercised la derogation of tbe natuial|1one mill ^id a ; ona-taalli' ofwascalled.sald at Mr. VAU.A»iaBAK was somehowof African blood. It is no; very easy to datCTm'maDemocrats. The latter are only a handful, but no doubt Includes thoroughly conscientious men.dorsed thatwilling;—if we canclass to extend Slavery national throughoutMr. CiAiK, of New-York, (Antl-LecomptonDem.)— I should like to say this, in reply to the remark of the from South Carolina that we are disor- I agree that we should be to whenever he can show us that a union of American and Demo- cratic organizations in this House irpractlcable, andof them. Even In our CourtsJustice, bytwowit-— Mr. Mii.asdon'tcare togo Into anydiscussion ofto allow thepassageof Mr. Davis in lii<Ji.inapolis, on the occa- coui.sels may yet prevail hope poodwith Ihe aid of theirthem. TbeAnti-Lecomptonmensaythesame.!Democrat[" Order, oader," and sensation."— Yoicis No,noof Indiana, (Rep.)—I think it due to my when be Is assailed In this rude maimer, to that I heard snd it was the generalGillespie,We have not said so Mr. Mii.xa—Well, some of them have.Mr.colleague, The valuable^riBST TOKAT.of a Repoblican Speaker woaU aet as aa encoprage- where he lives, bat not te oarry it into a loTerelgaty their bands of Republicanism. I had to mn against Dred Scott decision at aU. I only referred to tbe corporate, commercial, and every otber, u now eetl-the Government, the (aUnra of eur experiment Bnt States are Mnrerelga, aad If bo Slavery Sepnhllcana retired from the eoatcst and gave Voici E—You had better keep eoel, thirty-alne.of self-governmeat would be demonstraled. It exjets within tkem, the exeluskn of Slav- themnndivldedsupport. Theycouldreceive Repub- Mr.Davis—1amascoolasyonare,aad aa abletowould then become necessary to adopt some form of ery destroys bo private property, and tliefe- lican votes, bat cannot vote tor a Repotflican. I|wisb to protect myself as you are. I nndeietand what I am ^ssestogOTcrBmant under whleh mea ooaM be reached who ibre violstea bo prtadpie of sataral right. define my iKxillon and know whether I stand in aa about. That ia all I said about ttet dedikB, and I nxABOB.disregard compacts and eompnailies. The election A man has a aatnral right to retain bis property good a potiiton ae a Democrat isthoee who now wask believe that synopsis does not say that I named tbe TbeuiionBtofdebts,ofwhateverdeierlptton,8tate,about ooe-sixtb of its value. this wider (bat sovereignty, still if be goes into a 1^, tiiat whenever a motloa is made at least for some tonite, and he and I differed, piriltlcally, scarcely a $s1u6m0,b0e00,000; not merely with tbe entire Iflie proeeeAed to sbbw tkat tke OeaMancy had property which he beM! at VMot aball flnre-be re- ing the pla^llity rule, in the shape of a proviso, and him, voted down a resolution indorsing me, and I felt according to my estiinaie in 1898, amoonted la IfSZgarded^sproperty.Mr. BBAaAB—No maa baa a rigbt^ apon a plea .ofodaeuing the consumption, direct and ladiractiaf tk* pao*tempts T It was true there were antagonistic political man who goaswilh ottaia lato a eeamoa Territwy AdAinistratlon on this floor, ought to be seen by the way back here again.general nrosperiiy, will not be sensibly ahataB. flw whole amount of receipts into tbe "TreasoiT ''tas thelastyearwas$3.S20JS4,andtiie'»«'»'M'e&Mataa preceding year was $220,118. Tbe total sum saiMeet to disbursement bn 1899, was $3,740,272, Of tMl "», $22,000 was realized from dtattz lu -"''ilnalha »tprinciples, but those diflerraeee were of minor eon of the Union, with propetty recognised by the Federal coBBtiy, Gentlemen say they are anxious for their Mr. Ponxz wanted to reply. "pMial DIspslah M tk* Vcw-Taik- TIbm sequence and could ke safely held in abeyance untl Government, as well as by his State Government, lias rcBsaitB to go out to the coimiry. We. hear Mr, MiLii claimed the floor.W}unrM«», TfccMitey, J»n. ». Dm niitn Inajacted no tnuineu t»4ay, bn)Attoml7toat^jounaor«r..KlTbe abcoitM* kcTlnf ntonMd,tk« bkUoting in Uie iB the future, if it ever was to arise. Nobody right of indlvidnals.complon men stood aloof because of an Issue which ATrue, tbey bad views peenllaris cotmiiy to understand tbtis and to. I wish tha conn- Everybody was shouting In wild confusion.was and passedrevolutionary right of States to destroy property recognised by international law, but it is the right of tryMr. Maxs—1 wanted to berevenue of 1800levies on tbe Grand Ltst of 1898 of half on the dollar for C^mmoo Schoolsgone. laregardletheTerritories,hutthatwasaaissse{»tthebad could not be p*fectly orgaalzed. Demorllzed, withoat yield fpr a reply, but not for the Introduction of what Fundgentlemantafcn. Itto ike Iktanttoa of • memlxr to ilw to a Mew-Mexleo, Nebraska, or Utab. Let the answered the question ke put ; but he was willing to cohereace of any kind, and because tbey are In this the gentleman's colleague would not consent to have poofraStrayteLoGaonv,earndmesnetv.en-Ttehnetshes lor general ntrtiaitBof piWfieg*) knd daauBd to Imaw b; wlittpeople of those Terrltbriea do as tbey like. let tbe if be was to let the pitiable, contemptible eoBdition, this House is to be read. That would not be cotirteons to him. question stand, willinglevies, aaKMM^s la the aggregate to three mills and eleven-twentMae oo the Collar, assessed upon tbe uxab'e valn^fik of $840,80«,('31, exhibited by the Grand Ltst or IM%would have produced, if fully collected, $f_Wi.gipfWiliMaitftoittr Kr. Aimia'aa uitkorltT for tb* Ez-Claxk to call tke roll, ex-Nobody would interfere with them. Why should tbe answer stand. It teemed to him, however, that such kept unotganlxed, and the country in an uproar from Mr. PoBTix-1 wish to call the House back.e*Ili hlf aaaw, uttiere MciM toon while the these questions,one end to another. I shall move to amend the next BotloB to belhrt by annexing the plurality rule.tLanghter.]Mr. Davu, of Indiana, (Anti-Lecompton Dem.)—I have been here about five weeks and have carefullyabstaiacd from ppening my mouth.Mr. Mius—Jnst hear what I have to say. If the gentleman desires to reply to tils colleague, he can do so, but I do not yield for the IntrodnetioD—shouldMr. RiASAs assured tiieceedingipermitted. gentlemanToicxt—Too won't get it.Tbe difference between thissum and the revan'oe %c^nott>ethat he had made the alteration in good faith, and with no designperfectly'Voioia (on th* Republican side]TBI STATK DEBT. InJanuary,184S,afterthecompletioaoftbepobUcTherewasacalloftheHousepreliminarytoavotefor Speaker.havenoteoatnmsdonemoment'stimeinthisHouse, Mr.BcxxiTT—Irisetoaquestionoforder. Ican- works,andaftertheabandonmentufUtepolicyofaid to public improvements by Stale eutitcriptioat to tbeJitdfeehlpoftheCoartofClaimibaabeentendered th]a.HouBe,andthattheywould^ometogetherand Mr.CoCBBABB,ofNew-York,(Dem.,)saidtliere andwouldMdcontinueallenttotheendofthiseoa- notbear. [X.aughter,andaprolongedsceneofdisor- stockofrailroad ,to aa old pertonal Mend of the Pieddent AppUoa- ttaaa fn thle office are ntuneroiu.was stlli one gentleman on tke Democratic side ab-debt wasFrom that time the reducible debt was diminished, until the defalcation and debts eaatraeteil in anticipation of revenue created a neeeewty fern the temporary loan of $700,COO, which was antborlxed by your predecessors and negotiated In 1656, and ts re- imbursable on the 1st of andlstcrfsecure the organization upon proper conoeesloos. Hewas ready to support any conservative man, eitherDemocrat, American or Anti-Lecompton, upon ontcst, bnt the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsyl- der.]vania (Mr. BicKBAB) have made it necessary for me Mr. RtJinx—This is allto explain my position. I shall do so candidly, deci- journ and to-morrow 1 will consent to llaten for sixcanal and turnpike comiiaates, tbe enllredebt was $19,291,170; of iihliti ihii redijileLet us Mi. Sajhiu has not intimated a desire to retire whom a successful combination could be formed. aide would see hovr proper it was to make a pair for dedly, iBdependently. I dont imderstand the right of hours to these personal quarrels. [Laughter.]$17,796,097, and the iriedncinle. $1,40,123. gradaaUrAmb the Sardinian MlMlon, as was reported, nor willt. BvcButAirremoTe him.IPfa. ttj win remain in Switxerland onlees, somemat*! friesd of the PreBident should particularly de- when tbe Southern States began to fear ifaey were nothat gestleawn.Cries froin theMr. CocBiASs said the action of the Republicanany man to catechise me as to any vote I shall give. Mr. Poxixx—I wlsB to bring tbe Bouse bacx to the I stand here an Independent Representative point of departure. [Laughter.]longer to be treated as equals in tbe Union. He badleeietary Flots has rel'ered Ciq>t.-WTn from the done all be could to promote tbe Union sentiment in cratlc side and ordered*sent, owing to sickness, who had not nalred oif. had sent been for. He trusted gentlemendisreputable.ad|He had no doubt every man who sbouid maae thenecessary concessions of party principle in order t«defeat tbe Republicans would be fully and cordiallysustained by his constituents. The time had come side then forced him to make a dilatory movement, resent those freemen as becomes a feeeman in this the paper. [More confusion.)and that wis to adjourn.Hall. [Applause.) sir, the gentleman has referredto tbe manner in which some of as have been elected.I never inquired how any man is elected, for it isnone of my business ; but inasmuch as in- vania io Older.fromMississippi:constituted The foreign deot was -$13,02L8S7 20; the domestic debt, $279,389, makmg the wbeie re- ducible debt $13,897,242 20 ; tlie irredudUe debt wasRepoblicanside, " No, no '."Much,I am taking disorgani- Mr. MiLss—I desire to be Interrupted U I don't stateJamesthe circumstances connected with a recent Titltwiiichthatasanargument.Mr. Claxx, ofNew-York—We shall~~say rematkthatspeech,made to Franklin, La., purpose practic- ing his profession. On his arrival there it became noisedaboutthathewasanAbolitionist Acommit- tee waited on him and advised him to leare tbe placezersifwedon't.Republicanspeech gentlemanlanguagegivencorrectlyasit wasreportedyester- day,and who was reaponsibielfor the alteration be did not know.Mr. Rioak Inquired if the gentleman had not revised Party was revolutionary in its tendencies. The ar- and altered the question ?Court of the United in this mat- was predicated upon that understanding. Aa the House as speedily as possible ; but we have net bitterness hitherto unknown in political contests In States,regard to tbe Ored Scott decision. The most sagKCsted toHhe reporter that the words "does not' tell. When tbe South Americans and Democrats upon last week, when I heard It was reportedrecent fact in the development of the pro- were not intended. The merest tyro knew that the tliis floor unite in a body and show a formidable force I have denounced the Dred Scott decision. place,Here the matter rested.Mr. BaAOAH, of Texas, (Dem.,) continued his re-order ']and I am responsible here or elsewherethat he expected soon to before the Russian bringaikf of yesterday, that the contendingRepublicanBehriag's Straits. in the CinMr. Goocn—Not at all. Sir.M r.RsAOAS said then he had wholly misapprehendedthe five ABti-LecorptoB Democrats on this floor havethe same right tu their action as others, and will votefor whom they please. As far as I am concerned— ing. I know what 1 did say. So/ar as that Snitiiwt Jessamine County. Mr. Fee denies the truth*of tbeMr. AnxAix—It Is tnie,in not voting for SaxxnAif weEurope by telegraph, by Bev. John G. Feewayofa cardthat Personalte Tlndlcate the right of haieu corpus, was, he said,a ihallow pretence. Such an avowal would not be the question. He understood him to inquire if 1made by Republicans In tha North. The truth was would not be a violation of common principles of and I believe I speak the sentiments of gentlemen who is concerned, the editor and I have not exchanged a affasiro,maenmdaslaijcsiotuhsat if it were true the act was donebills were IntendedMr, Davis—that this party had placed itself In opposition to the justice to abolish Slavery in States, and his answer act with me—we are desirous of organizing the word for four years. He opposed my election with a lag esUmatloQ.gumentLibertyonlyand Z am just aa cool as a Summer's morn- of a box of Shaipe's rifles, at Cogar't Landing, in tbe following day on a steamer for Berwick Bay, ofshallelectbut there is no need of diacussingtrine.Mr. AsxAix, of New-Jersey, ( .\nti-Lecompton Dem.)necessary,never with illeral resisting— but I don't believe the five of us acting together hereinterrupting—Iam anAnti-LecomptonDemocratMr.DEKK thoughtfrom theofMr. Maxs andwe votes, .shallchargehave faljse, let the charge come from what quarter it may. that to the people of Indiana. Adjourned.CotCBBCS, Mr.J.P.beamong Repubiicant&in their lives. Metsrs, Leonard Co,, of this City, by whomHe tbe oQierthen I will discover, if I have not already discovered, it a duty to appeal from a packed Convention tn the who are ia tavor of organizatlfn, and who agalnsL msjesty of the people. I did so, was snstained by allto $261,m;,S(XI, anddoubtleaa exceeded that laaiadone all tB their power to cencffiatO and brfeg abavta Union of all the cosserrattTe menbers in oppostknto tbe Republlcaas. Why had they failed la their at- natural right, to intarfen wllb-a lovcnlg^ ; but a 'Wby, Blr,-tfali DeiBocratie Party, as representing tbe partlei, and that Is tha way aad maaner I found my pie, the gratificaiion afforded by tbe speotacle of ovwill vote as best agreed with our own judgments. tained for the Presidency, much le^s for that Speak- Mr. HicxMAw, of Pennsylvania, (.^nU-Lecompton er's Chair. [Laughter on the Republican side, and Dem.)—I desire to asli the geatlemaa from .Vew-Jer- cries of " " know wellpositionas he finds hisprivate practicemuchth;.t ^1^«wuit to know wliether he Includes in bis list give It that interpretation the President of the Uni-He was commanding officer of a body of 60 picked , men sent to resist the attack of the Britiih fleet on New-Locdon. His company at another period wasat the town ot^Kye, when theencamped British fleetmenaced that plaie, Forsiitecn years he has been a member of the Baytiet chiuch.nUnion any man who took theThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069cltitleadDdocumee thosgroundthat the Con-ntofthousand freemen, and I intend to rep-Mr. McRaxMr. GxoT—How did tbebut the of readingJuly, iijCO,ItsOl. At the close of 1B99, the entire debt was thustwenty-fourobjectedtoanythinggentlemanJustdistinetly undeietoed,;look in and see the condition of this so-were$2,g38.'S3 reeelxad fromeoDldcalledMclioDalDemocracyrepresentingtheAdmin- wbeaIgotnptomakeafewremarksIdidnotexlatratioB. A more perfect type of tbe Admlnlatntlon pecttohave this long poliUeal discussion. I wUl a mill for School Librariesspeeches I made in thatlcontest I declar^ I was a to read from the Indiana State Sentinel of Nov. 19.Democrat, and had never stopped nor doubted an ar- The Clerk read from the report to the ef-ticle of my political faith. I ran against a Democrat, fect that Mr. Davis said it was given out certain, however, that it is beyond the power ot tbeMr, Taixabmshah at a subsequent period retorted as an independent roan, and as ah Anti-Lecompton in high quarters that the Constitntion canies Slavery Legislatoie to enlarge or abridge the rlgBt of soffragawounded fireethers, captured a number of women and childien, the North, who stood up so nobly In defence of PoiTza, but as tbe latter was a contradiction of the measure alone of this AdmluiBtraUoo,'and I have not Democrat North holds that doctrine, and no man who are included in the deecrlpuon, is not fur tiuS L^isl»- taken a large quantity of bows, arrows and lances, the rights of tbe South, and deprecated the at- remark of SBAsaspxAaa, that " when -the brains are to this hour changed my principles or policy, and I takes that ground can carry a single county North of lure. but for the Courts, An attempt to decide it byoutthemanisdead,"heshouldvoteforMr.Houstoit.party upon minor issues. Would to God he (Cries of "Good" from the Democratic side, and tleman has a right to ask bowiotaoft)icm. NoM ason and Dixon's LSiie ; that the Republicens said in l&}ri that the Democratic as a Pro-Slavery p-irty, and if the President's doctrine was that of the trueenactmentmustnecessarilybemischievous,bothintempts to read Northern Democrats out of thetoatja'eawill say, I intend my vote sh^, to the, last, indicatecould read half 'a mlllian of men into it ;sectionalism put down, arid peace and prosperity re- Whole number of votes^*eshostile to the rights of the South.go one step fuitber, and secure Ihemtclves by eome gnarantee whii^h would protect the minority agaiosttSc ballot resulted as follows Whole number of votes Necessary to a choiceFor Mr. BococxFor Mr. Nsisoii, of Tennessee, iThen to they oughtMr, Davis, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) nominated Mr. Bocecs, of Virginia, (Dem,)nopsis. His colleague's friends would be surprised at his declaration that he did not denounce that deci-For Mr, ton Dem.,)Scatteringofhtnisfflf .sonalexhibited this jiaiier, exce4>t to those who asked for li,Davis,ladtaaa,lar.]Gov. relative Wiox,tothe troubles atHarper's Ferry,._ jMr, Muss, of South Carolina, (Dem.,) rose and was'I'While we will not disavowjustadmiratton ofconceived it to be their duty to keep silent, and he House will organize for an indcfuiite time to comeslrtently adhered to from the commencement, the ficulties than we were the fi'st day we assembled. the Administralion, except upon one question. Sec-House would have becS" by this time an organizedbody. But the policy had been again and again broken.As It was well understood that gentlemen had rights,he for one wanted to know if it was fair play that on stitutional in spirit, and cannot consistently vote that siae of the hall their lips should be sealed, whilstondly, 1 got a majority of the Democrats, every Amer-' lean vote and a large majority of tbe RepubU.;an3 in my district, and if the election had been two weeks further off I believe I would have got every man lu the district. tCreal laughter.] I dldnt rise for a speech, but will give my views when the proper time comes.Mr. PosrsB, of Indiana, (Rep )—Dld-'nt you de- nounce the Dred Scott decision in a public meeting at Indianapolis, after tahendelectiolnli,atinothemparneswehncoeino-f two thousand people, saythattills factsaiditwasfalse,forthewords Dred'tfcot"werenoton the other side the opportunity was seized upon totbe brand upon it.Supreme Court and will obey them all, but I have tbein its and to enable him to do so he and doctrines at war with the stability and peace of Speaker and officers, meant a majority of the our. common Confederacy? He did /not propose, House—not a portion of it. There are threeHow long is this thing to go on ? Some gentlemen"—Concord not Discord and Disunion. Claiming nohave urged the plurality rulebut many of us be-me.side.] I never denounced that decision. When Ilieve, or wrongfully, that that is uncon- rightfullymentioned by[LaughterRepublicanfor it. for It, declaringI respect ail the dcsisions of thejustificatior,tinely entered, and peaceful inhu'>!lin'f, guilty of;from thewas so accused I said tbe charge was false, and putto my own construction upon them, and to light putTo the end of time, I will never votethe Ori.Mi.'JS oeea clandes- tciiiioryofbecatise thatI think the the HouseConstitution,BO crime but color, have been cruelly kidnapped:sion. Hewassurpriseiathiscolleague'sattemptto divert the minds of the Democrats from the real issue by attempting to get up a quarrel. He had never been afraid of cither the intellect or the per-but in thisThe great majority of the Republican members had that there is not the remotest propability that the inquiry, as to whe'herhe did not receive tiie whole trict. I will take[pngilisticfromsupposed it was perfectly obvious to every gentlemanbut united tu us by the bond of [uliiicai union, and all care of it attempts to excite within their borders servile insur- if my colleague will lake rections, necessarily tending to involve tbe country in di.->trict. I am responsible to my the calamities- of ci'vll, as well as servile, war. "tn^t constituents and to them alone. My colle&gue a spirit of ciis'rust and alienation has arisen in theRepublican wasperfectlysatisfiedifthatpolicyhadbeenper- thatweai'enotonejotnearertoasolutionofourdif- Mr.DAVts—Inthefirstplace,Ididnotdeoounce."Mr. HicKBAK—I should like to know vraether, in his canvass, the gentleman did not-tlenounce the Admin- 103 istration of Mr. Bt'CBAXAS as being corrupt an* dis-;;bat it judges of elections, under a loose and tmcertainon lawful business in Slave States, Mr, Davis—" I thank thee, Jew, for teaching me I like to see this discussion. [Laughter.] I like to on mere suspicion of obnoiiois sentiments, haveand I say that report was corred because I had the honor to hear that eloquent speech—eloquent tbe gentleman was on tliat occasion—and I never knew a man elicitsuch applause as followed that declaration.plaint,removal through the influence of better informatiou and jus'ttr sentiments, the people of Ohio havenever heard a betterit will did dcnotmce the Dred be disposed of for account of the mortgagees, at pub-the Scott decision.Gentlemen,to his States." In a slip from tbe Globe office be foand the Mr. Sisvms, of Permsylranla, (Rep.)—Why are not Mr. Davis-I repeat the charge is a falsehood, and Mr. P. McD. Collins writes to a friend in New- around the hotel to cany out the threat, and Mr. G.tbe utterer of it is a slanderer upon this floor, [orderOrleans that he has arrived in SL and Petersburg,manding to know- the person wno made the aceosa- Government his project for uniting America and tion, Capt. Atkinson was given as the author, whohad said that he (GUesple) had gone into Kentucky. with an armed band of men, to rescue a nigger tlilef by tbe name of Bell, and that tbey had curled olf'for that declamtion. [Great confusion.] I know ex-armed himself and walked out into the de- crowd,Toici—" Keep cool, Davis :"cinnatl fitfatrvr tn relation to the alleged reception eome slaves at the same time. Mr. Gillespie left onwho heard it, that they G. Pcrcifal,he forthe ofOh," Oh.") Yet, I perfecUyI am not to be In-the publishes.c -llevtehreMr. PoxTXX sent the paper to the Clerk.Mr. Davis—Mr. Clerk—Voicis—on the Republican side—Read, read. [Great false. He had not been accustomed to hear suchlanguage. He begged to say to,Iernment were sufferljis for the want of the money refinements or subMle argumentation on this subject. Mr. Davis—That Is my business, and I wUl sion whcu the frien-is of Jj^r. Douglas were may be composed by a return to the faith of ourjustly due them. He was in favor of the plurality Here is the pljin common sense cbndiUon of come to It directly if you will just take your seat. I there in mass meeting, to express their feelings FHiliCrs, and to the original pollry of the Republic;'. Rbaoah tills question "litionist never denouaced the Dred Scott decision with more bitterness and force than did his colleague.FEBSONAL.of the late has been sent fromat least, let S. P. CHAS£.ofNew-jUbany,pnblisheaaand the country hns to decide it. The Demo- upoucrats have c.mie here nnnibciing enough in their own ranks, in conjunction vtlth the Antj-l.e.;oinpti>ii mor aad Southern Oppositiun, to defeat the election of a Republican. I suppose that proposition no one wUl deny. The Southern Opposition say again and again, whenever we can show it to be possible to elect aij-g r::iis<-*dit.-^ension, n*ayonce more to presenttbings, understand this whole thing. [Cries of " Read, read,"with regard to him and the .\dmisistration.and ;liat i'UT whole country, thas relieveJ from exist-readingit.getMr. MoRai—I call the gentleman from Pennsyl- ing a total of $17,131,319 19. From tols aiBoontmayhe Is out of order.Mr. FoaTSX—I asked my colleague (Mr. Daviu) constantly, whether he had not upon the stump, and;[Laughter.]at a public meeting in icd]ana]X}li&, denounced theto rule, belag per^ 212 for an Anti-Lecompton Democrat, and will say but he entered a solemn protest against this new doc- verted to extreme abuse, V therefore recommeKt M repeal. TheConstitutiondeclarestbattheresbatlbe no Slavery in this State, nor involuntary serrttode, except for punishment of crime. To gi*e eflfact to tliis provisiou and to arrest the practice, NfCffiiing should go to the country. [Laughter on the Demo- common through impunity, of seiziug arid taking out of the State, without any warrant or process of taw, persons claimed as fugitives from sefvice, *>»'**y>T often, In fHct, free, I recommend the rceiiACtmeat of tile cots repealed by the last General Assembly, pro- hihitin.E slnveholding and kidnapping in Ohio, and M- curijig more effectually the tteueiiis of the wnt ofThisthe Dred Scott decision, and it was not a mere sy-cratic side.)open declaration against[Lau;hter.Jchosen to take up the glove, I ."^hall be perfectly will- a public declaration, if he hasproper sense of honor not the less, but rather the more. eirnesUy condemnvote of his District !care of bis ownsaid i had denounced the Dred Scott decisicsn, andwoull be eslubUshedbytheSentinel. 1country, it weie idlein any 'great degree, by the masse-i in either section, is,Itrust,equallytrue. ThepeopledesireUnioDandabsolute from blame in behalf of the rrce exemptionStales, we cannot admit tncir llnbUity to exdnsive censure, in repeated insianres. without pretence ofcomplaint must be added the general grievance of wliat they do not intend to do, and not like the gen- the repeal of the Missouri Prohibition, manlfostiBgbyperson to injure lilmiutbe popu-pAeborlsiointslonist. FIramnmkeldina,tely onpoihnistedarrival at New- Orleans he took passage on an up-river boat.Mr. OcKXholdinsTerritoiie.'^. Notwithstanding these causes of com-to Mr. SIiUES for his rudeness in insisting on occupying tbe gentlem'an's time. He supposed he had the floor by leave of hisapologizedapparentseeing the gentleman did not intend anything wrong. "*citizens of the Statesforce even tbe execution of tbe Fugitive Slave Act by Federal ofiicers acting under legal warrants. OMa has uttered no menace of disunion when the Ameri- can people have seen fit to intrust the powers ot the Feoeraf Government to citizens of other political views than those of a majoriiy of her oitixais. Nocourtesybis knowledge of the rules, he would cheerfully givebeofnesses the trutli may be established, and there wasau additional one in the paper which had just beenthreats of disunion in a similar contingency bywere thousands of living >vitnesses who will read thistionaJizatitm,debate w ith surpriselibraryDr. New-Haven to;matured strength, she will abide inthe Union,and,and confusion.]nor iiitiniiciated.Biivslie lit-fciJ me nial.u ti'.»'. ii»t< . It. 1 li.iiik it w*.^ 1.11 1..U -j.i:ii rurk*, and ibcy used the language w-hich ed In their Industry and defiended In their rights by eloquent, and 1 am glad he .had a taste for eloqueuce. is so familiar to Republican ears. Tke fiercest Abo- the equal laws and impartial adminlstratloa of Statethe Dred Scott de-cision. 1 say it is totally, wilfully and maliciously As to theThe hall the (ti -f fotwas croivJcd (o'II ^'t'' '<-" ''-'ijh^:uictlmostgrown g.rayin the andlic auction. It contains 10,000 and isJohn B.has resigned on acccunt of ill health, aad Capt. John Jones, of BalSwln County, has been appointed In hisAs the wife of Mr. Stevens, a Baltimore detect-ive, was passing aiong Gay-street, on Mondiy night, she was rudely run against by Dr. NeltoD, a Coroner.OnlemonstraUngwithhim,herepaidherwi"? ?,h« abuse. Mrs. Stevens informed her husabfawnfd of^,n,-n,;;,t...1 lilB a ir.. «.i.u i..-^« h^ w-entto uorou^^ishow how we couldpoet,hasneybismore lucrative than tbe salar)' which he receives.OBITUAUT.Rev. Thomas O'Brien, formerly pastor of theChurchof tbe Immaculate Conception in Rochester, depart ; but bei^.e he ""^ '^'fn" held to baiLfor theSavannah, Georgia, District,resignedI'others. Faithfultothecovenantoftneordinance,$2,934,076 OSand tbe tempioraxy loan, $700,000, mak-briefly, in c^adacUe atreatmentofthefinancialeonfitlonoffbabat of tnrse.afrttwa, pMbaaly,debts embraced in tbe same aggregate. Thb'wboia existing debt ooDstitnting a real etaarge apaa^tha whole existing ppmeity, hardly. If .at all, exueerttcompared, pmar-ie».orwiththe iMt i probable palMrdataet-nine tenths for Bf^tn^to That isnotdeny. it shared,the Ktigitive Slave act, necessarily repugnant to public eeiitimcnt, and believed by a large majority to be nn- constilulional in some of its conspicuous provisions,theand eases have not tieeu w-an-ing where herend ill confident ol their alctmate exjxctaiionUnion held fast to the ConsUtatlon and to the of a ;respecting all the rights of all the Slates andof imitedand Federal (governments. To this no efforts of ours beprosperous communityStatei, protei't-;then for New-Orleans, a number from awcchompanied bhyim out as anStevens atleiide<l to the 'S.^'" '"allowed to recelred a sufficient '^¥/'/,''''""empte^i an assault on-tf»'former beentr'" c-i'^he overruled.<«"ial^e »-as:- www.fultonhistory.comi. 