 fiNEW YORK HERALD,T; N E W TORK j\ZZStt*ttmmSZZZZmy 01 fKuwm Y^^^^^BS^^^ SiSeUl itiXDoritTty against him1 thevailed, or hadPresident, It is plain Mr. Llnoo elected.•Hiselectionis'dental, and the platform on fhich he1st. WiTbe rsrvssrfcjariai b_ the caaeof tha snrgsa alive ::»B]e«aflB—-fTM «II!!!!• '"•" T •1 11ana-o-r—t Jlw^g|^"ii^H|^dL.li|^»&^ 4 ^ IbB^te_Br^___a_t_ .^^^^^^k^A JtagBfci'": MoreH, tUt Taareday nejct, at noon, ia eoa-BAXX, m Broadway-Sosas, %£TMg£]%J£;]£Abolition vote OMwhjgTOte800,000 •«!•••••'W'OWlate speech o f Senator Wade as a faithful expo- sitionoftheviewsand purposesofhis party. Andwhat says Mr.Senator Wade? Hesays that he has no compromises to make—that the day of compromises is past—that the republican party has beaten its adversaries "on the plain- est and most palpable issue ever presented to the American people, and one they understood the best," and that "it would be humiliating and dishonorable to us if we listened to a com- promise by which we should lay aside the ver- dict of the people." He says that the republi-•TgAODBON,XU.XCM,Box-Freetoildemocrats Conservativevotegrowingoutofdisrup-_a-M0E-LA te.TRIPLEST,? " , ~, „ • -IX , T ,''.'i '4" •• ?•.'• ~SHEET. stew Terse, Wedxtesdnvy, December 19. I960.Total Lincoln voteDeduct whigand conservative—...MAILS F O R _OTJBOJ*IC*Sew TOrk HcrwJd-Kdltlon forTbe CuS-rd mail steamship Asia, Oapi L>tt, will leave tat* port to-day for Liverpool.AGAIKST CHICAGO PLATFOaat. cola's vote.) Conservative vote.315,000do not comprehend the reaaaa why such disas- trous results should foJtowftx|g[|0l£i causes, and when further intelligence o f the progress of secession and the imminent peril la which. the republic stands shall have arrived, theyIf tie reader wfli" tiemarepeaaauulawillcloseiathiscitythismorning{„willfindtwo-to another page bee o f them from t h e In favor of it3,681,250 can party, on this issue of slavery, stand "is 1,058,000 the place formerly occupied by, the most r e -e l a faster to ten o'clock.taw fivaessu* EMTIO*orranHKRAIDwillbe published New Yorkvered statesmen of this nation—Washington, Jefferson, Monroe" and others, and that in this position his party stand pledged to prevent the institution o f " slavery from invading another inchoffreesoilteiTitoryofthisgovernment"Whilethesefallacies areentertainedbythebe surprised at the littleness ot our statesmen,this moment has witin^lffc £ M i p * t t opportu-pers, six cents.The eoatents of the BBWOWA* femon o r r n Hauu>willcombinetbenewsreceivedbymailaad tbeemea<h#gtbeprevtwwsek.aadapia•1*oatic^l^jiolition element of the republican will brook n o compromise, b u s -victorywithahighband,eventothe !final dismemberment of the Union aad to the horrors of civil war; theftotal of 4,710,648 votes in the Union, there isonlyalittleoveramillionofvotes'to fi*vor?oftheChicagoplatform,whilsttherearemorenity to make himself the greatest nun of hii receiptsandleavenothingwhateverforthetime,bystillingtinsfeatfulstormandsavingofp«blioatioa. <• • ' .• ============thanthreemillionsandahalf againstit. Thequestion then arises,areone millionto ride managing leaders ofthis republicanpartyitprincipalperformers. Indeed,they maycon-his country, and yet does not use it—who hasA large aad enthusiastic meeting was held in the tion of it, and in proof of our position we sub-*pressed her high appreciation of the receptionof her eldest son in the United States, is one ofthemostpleasantsouvenirsoftheroyalvisit,towhich,atthisexcitingseason,themindfeels upontherightsoftbesleveholdingStates, reliefinturning. Weconsidertheexpression andwillpermitnone. But,then,Mr.Seward of such sentiments as another link forged in has predicted the extinction of slaveryCooper Institute last evening, summoned by theceil of over a thousand leading citizens, and alsoIn4B**" toapersonalappealofGaribaldi,for thepurposeofsympathizingwiththepeopleof Presidentialelection:--fcwered a thousand times before, that the republican party contemplate n o aggressionsItalyUn their heroic struggle for liberty. An ad- 'trees of sympathy and appropriate resolutions rere adopted; an original ode was sang, and elo- toeni speeches were made by the President, Boa.THErOlTLABVOTE,NOV.6,1860. TSiK vors of rax soKnmm STATES..nother part of to-day's paper. It-wa Jlauw1.0S3 65,040 294781,768 3,0081,84844Tbe fteamekip Etna, Captain Kennedy, from Man»rrrawtts.S2.370 e.ssa 34,102 10fl,(J49 8.277 81,234Liverpool on the 5th, v ia Queenstown oa the 6th Mkiugaa . . . . . .liiom'.sotiilost, armed at (his port early yesterday morning, NPWMBapes ire 37.&19 2,112j 25..H81bringing $330,000 ia gold. Her advices are not so Sew Jers^v,,.. 6*.o41 2421 4,468J 862.867fi 231.ei0| 11,405,187,230the side o f the anti-slavery North—by the reor- Qiz tmelted upon s o interesting an occasion. T h e proof o f his power and ability to undertake so difficult a stage was fringed with blue coats and the cou- task as reciting from memory the plays of Shaksperr. lisses swarmed with locusts. As the services of The selection for this evening is "Much Ado Aoout So- only half a dozen officers are required for all thtog"—a comedy full o f wit and humor. W e hope thelate as thoeo received by the Bohemian, tele- NewTcrk:Ofcic graphed off Cape Bace on Monday, bat the recep- Or.*.*.12,316 148of tie D i n * of the prisoner's counsel. inee ajltlsssij saHilt la oouoawas fallydaytuday,andthereisnoendtothenuaab*-^AfrOaah^aad *a4e«»eij mt*m*nmim> pripoawipaa laid hwsVeitjWr The receipts were not sufficient to pay the ex-•COM holders D H M from He »° H*. a*** ha* no ipjoral rapport. Tfco^jaeople have votedPPfp""!!BOWe-sv,Sao against him in overwhelming numbers. Whileand contrasted of the performances, distinct sMMaexas thexaamo supotiWal salaries of the prirorptJ artiste. 0k theaaja>^r*jawwam8j m 1 el V ••^-^''"•a*''market w_iJss.aatiTw.aa* sitss siaautS to about 400 a,only 1J H f M votea are recorded in hie favor, there Stend hi hostile array 2,861,950 votesv«tiMkWeirart*40to th«day the associated Italian artists, son, Brignoli A Co. wound up theirful than tbe Teutonic campaign in the metropo- lis, but still so far from being lucrative thus the stockholders of the Open House in theCity were moved to make a handsome tion to the exchequer of the allies,dsy.aii •••iinii byaitr Prom early In the *£.800 bate*.Latter at VTaere were stew Inquiries for expert, au<l a toIJveipceiwnsmadeat X*. Per lb..s*l SOS aad 30* for Antwerp, tbepwib.aMRnAAif dssosisft "the blood fahont ttm^ltofaahlfy m h ^committee iBincompetent to save the Union; that it has not a man among its members equalper barrel, chiefly f«r the lower grades of brands! Wheat was also armor, with fairwaswith tahmpf okt mesaat « 6 82* a $15 75, and new do.aSpB^s# a^iUSP/«s*iaV ^apsi a e w prime a* a u w .were a w e active, eaiaap'l_ leialai and forexport. Ilk* 1200 hbds. sski 1,600 boxes, ato fFreights exhibited more spirit, with more offering Mr both England and tbe Continent. Fathe Chi-It has been Paid" that "the voice of the people is the voice of God." If this be true, then.the* voice of God is against the Chicago platform. Beecher in the pulpit and in tbe press, and Wade in tbe Senate, with moot of the other•greaterandlower lights" of republicanism, both In and out of Congress, insist upon every plank of that platform as the unalterable creedwho assume the right to speak and act for the ;i c a n majority, and as thai majority, for the Boston and New York has been the free aaV whole party. The truth is that of those who mite of the party, will bo guided by the Chi- missiens to whkh the atochltolders are entitled. voted at the Presidential election not one-fourth c ^ o pmtfbrm, we can at once appreoiah} the: They exercise their undoubted right, and m o - were in favor of the Chicago platform, or are folly of any further continuance o f the useless nopolize the best places in the house, toSafafhtit n^inwMAtheye^atoyftiirJThe theatres and concert *while the tea ia in order,!tbe light of her gracious countenance to the lads and lassies. But they must suffer and be strong. Their harvest will come by-eod-bj. In the meantime let the skating carnival n—of &<•" Mr. Lincoln and bis adm^jfetration. That therepa; ty, to bepracticallycarriedo u tb yincontinently come to grief.that Baltimore can support the Opera, althoughNew York and Philadelphia fail to do so: andib& cause for this singular state of things i sfound, so far as New York is concerned, inthe fact that the supposed aristocratic classWhich controls the Opera House demands notonly the best places and boxes in the theatre,but likewise extorts exorbitant rental for it will be astounded. But moot ot all will thef F e r n short season the directors o f the Acade-mydemand$1,000perweek—more than tiawfor each performance. The expenses for cho-rus, orchestra, printing, attendance aad sala-ries of the minor artists exhaust the averageare exceptions among the leaders of tbe partywe admit,ttut they are ao few that they onlyconfirm tbe rule. Mr. Seward has not yet Out of Lin- {Old whig vote 508,000vSpoken, and when he does wc have n o reason to think he will speak in tones different from bis Kocheeter manifesto.Douglas vote Breckinridgevote Bell vote815,800 J 1,287,500 X... 836,500 742,250edited by the Rev. MajorityagainstChicagoplatform.... 2,631,250 at nine o'clock « the morning. Single copies, •»wrap- Henry Ward Beecher, aad representing Ute fa- Here, then, upon a fair calculation, out of arefusal to do them evenbanded justice in car- rying out the compromises of the constitution.tion and suppression of Southernslavery. Nor united upon the enforcement of the doctrines is it true that in their hostility to slavery theTotal againstChicago platformand Union amounting toportion upwards ofof a n y practical value. T h e retirement o f -ilfbr of concession and compromise, and are throe or four Southern members from the com-properA tale of 400 hags of Rio was made at HHaaMo. at utter antagonism with the extreme leaders mittee hasleft itunder the control of a repot- drawback to Opera managers in Philadelphia,now in favor of the ultra policy o f the republi- ^ \aD0T8 can leaders. This may he seen from the follow-£ £ ^ ~ -0 f this special Congressional debating elusion o f the paying public.and when the Northern cities are full o f stran-ing table:-r-ANALYsrs o f awcoiK's vors. Lincoln's vote iscomposed of—With bere and there a feeble exception, theexpressions of opinion from our republican850,000 leaders and organsjustify the acceptance of thegers from the South and elsewhere, the Opera manager ia barely able to pay his way. When things begin to look blue, the public desert the Opera Immediately, and the manager hi floored.Suchisthecaseatthepresentmoment The Opera has no QuintiueCurtius; so the Opera has subsided, and t h e fashionable world h a stion of the democratic party—315,000 «-.. 1,865,000;" mug* ia«i-'.i.Mj e». 815,000 Chicago vote ,...1,050,000conditionthis countryT;ee, given to him in opposition to to thenefeeesitie* of the occasion, and that it is ., and not to sanction the f o r m e d o f 8Uch irreconcilable elements a d ; *Thousands upon thousands Lincoln abhor abolition, are inrender impossible any agreement among themft praaiaTcworiawy Wmhj wPvw"v« 9? '3ilHs spirit, a n d carried o u t an .the aaesa agreeable and gentlemanly way. The greatsider themselvesfortunate iftheyescapethe ThedelegatesoftheBoothCarafe*Convention,otherfromthepenofTburlow Weed, roughshodovermorethanthreeaastahalfmil- isfollytoeven'dreamofcompromises.We contingencyofbeingobligedtopayoutofwinimmortalityforhimself,byreconcilmg :The News.the means, more than any other tiring man, tomadthemembersoftheLegisbtSapf,arrivedatjintbeAlbanyEveningJournal,theonlymad CaarlestoayeaterdayeJtenoea,aadWeereceivedioftbepartywhoappearstounderstandand withmilitaryhonors. TheComautsayuetit fonr appreciatetbepositionofMr.Lincoln. Repre-lions,eventothebreakingupofourconfedera- sayfallacies,foritisafallacytoboldthattbe cyintofragments,andtheinaugurationofa electionofMr.Lincolninvolvestheverdictofbloodycivil war? Shall Mr.Lincoln under- theAmerican peopleinfavor ofthe Chicago taketogovern"<hecountrybydespoticforce platform. Thepopularvoteof theUnionupon the principled of the minority represented presents a majority of a million against Mr. by the Chicago p l a t f o ^ or will he give way Lincoln, and because h e was the representa-theirownpocketsfortbeprivilegeofsinging theinharmoniouseleasonaiwhicharetearing tothestockholdersoftheAcademy. Atthis topiecesthemoatprosperousnationonthemomenttheleadingartistsoftheItalianOperain this country are subsisting upon to exercise them—who can beoosne at tins means they have aggregated elsewhere. Bietnenta frreater than Garibaldi Jh to Italy, It is well that the public should he made and almost as great as Washington was in the to understand these facts thoroughly,and they are given in no spirit of opposition tothe proprietors of the Academy of Music. W esimply desire to remind them that under the stubborn silence at his country home while1tionastothevsineofsuchotherproperty the abolition element pure andsimple,de- inasmallminorityofthepeople. Butwhenit the fathers ofthe constitution. When tbe presentarrangementstheywill havenoOpera thecountryisgoingtoruin.o'clock,aadproceededtobusiness..Ifothing,how- ever, of importance transpired beyond the appoint- ik a ^ j i j ;ssfsrmg of a resoln- the United States ownership of to South Caro- aoqnfred, and whethersentingtheconservativeelementofrepubli-canism, Mr. Weed is willing to make conces-sions, and is not prepared t o force the South-ern ^ tales out o f the Union b y a persistent to tbe feelings and wishes o* more than three- tive o f the republican doctrines o f the restric-perils of the struggling colonies, if he has any capacity or intellect for the work, and still persists in maintaining an inglorious ease andf»u*tfc%of thopeonle ? If lis \xhotyparty wereeon bo enforced after South Carolinaseceded. The resolution also calls for Wade and Beecher, speaking ia the nameof of the Chicago Convention, they wo*l<i still be republican party occupy the same ground asoatbeUnitedStatesmaypossess,aadthevaiaoof clarethatliteNorthwillmakenoconcessions,fbr istakenintoaccountthattheyarediviaJtlend constitutionwas established,all theStates,if Ue share to which Sooth Carolina would be enti- that "the Northern conscience is irreconcilably demoralized, nearly one-half being in favo." of we are not mistaken, with one exception, were tled on an equitable division. A document pur- hostile to slavery, because slavery is wrong;" concession and conciliation, and for conum^ slavebolding States. This will account for thepettier;tobeasaddressfromaportionofthe thusplacingtherepublicanorganizationupon tingtheChicagoplatformtotheflame?,itis brevityoftheconstitutionalprovisionforthe demyaremenwhohaveaspecialinterestin astatesman,andwhoought,attoast,tohea GeorgiaLegislaturewaslaidonthetable.The amoralandreligiousbasis,whichrendersits thedutyofthePresidentelect,inthisgreat re*uruoffugitiveslaves. NewYork,forex- removingthecloudwhichnowhangsoverthe patriotConvention will meet this morning at eleveno'clock. hostility to the South and its institutions un- emergency, to throw overboard the prejudices ample, W»l* then a slave State, aad hence there public mind. In no way can that end be bet-TheSenateofNorthCarolinapassed abillyes- changeable and undying. Itis tbe intolerant andinterestsofrepublican.leaders, andto sa- wasnosque*jnishnoss andnofanaticismamong ter accomplished than by providing for tbe 5nTEREIBI£ Turns Turn Wivrxa.—There is not PuritanismofNewEngland,whiehexhibits crificepartyprideonthealtaroftheUnion, herpeopletouciL"gthereturnofafugitive supportofallrefiningandintellectualamuse- amomenttobelostinraisingfundsandmakingritselfalike ia Maine Liquor laws,inSunday whichisgreaterandmore sacred thanparty. slavetohismaster,o. inreferencetothetransit ments. In this category the Italian provisionfortbepoor. Thewinterisnowfair-terdayforarmingtbeState.Itwillbeactedon IntheotherbranchoftheLegislatureto-day.Resolutions lookingtoarestorationof theMis- souri compromise line were offered by Mr. Critten- den in the Senate yesterday. lathe HouseMr.Crawford's resolution, declaring that slaves were recognized as property under the constitution, waa laid on the table by a vote of 88 yeas, against81 nays.The war a t the New York University, betweentheFacultyandDr.Ayiette,hasbeen broughtto a close. At a meeting of the students yesterday an investigation was had of the whole subject of dispute, and tbe course of Professor Draper fairy endorsedbyanappropriateresolution.Thewhole affair was of a private nature. It grew out of cer- tainmoneytransactions,andhadnopoliticalbear- big whatever. At a meeting held in the early partof the day muck excitement prevailed, and one of the professors and a student got into a fight. Afull report of the proceedings is given elsewhere, j trying to delude their followers, if n o t fhem-The new steamship John P . King, which lay at 1 ?eives. with the vaunt that tLe popular vote is himself and to the people to come out promptly publicans are mere moonshine. The troublepier Mo. 4 Northriver, caught fire early yesterday j in their favor, that they have a majority on and say so, in order to throw oil en the has amen from the successful sectional strugglemorning in her engine room. Theflamesspread tlieir side, and that, according to the principles troubled waters, and prevent the occurrence of the republican party for the control of therapidlytootherportionsofthevessel,notwith- ofallfreegoveinments,theminorityibustsub- ofeventsattbeSouthwhichmayplacerecon- executivegovernmentatWashington. Theystanding tbestrenuous efforts made to subdue mittothe majority. Mr.Wade,indeed,inhis ciliationbeyondhumanpower,and resultina have elected a President,who,on the4th of urgedtheproprietyofincreasingthenumericaldespotism, and in aggressions against "the Itwasinthisspirit that Washington and Jef- overtheState of#a Sov'tbern citieen withhisslave power." On the other hand, Thurlow 'erson acted at the time of the formation of tbe slave property. We see, thb?, that between the trust that tbe directors ot tbe Academy will upon those who have to give. In all probabilityWeed, as a statesman, rejects the moral andreligious basis for the republican party, andclaims for it a political foundation, which ren- in imminent peril, and it is in the power of the slavery fanaticism of the present day, as re- ders concession and accommodation absolutely presented by the republican party, there is agovernment, and Henry Clay in laser times, when its existence was endangered. It is nowing of the Opera House during * portion of tbe for want and destitution as are before us, aadPresident elect to save it, and become a secondnecessary. "What matter o f difference,'' bet Washington. A little reflection upon the stub- very broad line o f distinction.asks,"between individuals, families, commu- bornfactsandinexorable figureswe haveset But,unfounded anddeceptive asarethesecept by compromise?" And yet he admits that vince him that miserable failure awaits his they are entertained by bis party, and they or else to throw open the reserved placesto the( The revulsion is going on steadily; theSouth-orelonghelefthungry on thestreetsbythe nities, States or nations, was ever settled ex- before our readers in this article must con- republican views and assumptions of Mr. Wade, ing to reduce tbe rent to a merely nominal sum, thousand."tbe prevalent sentiment in his party rejects all administration, and ruin the country, if he stand in the way of any compromise that can paying public. Under no other circumstances ern States are going out of the Union; that iacompromises." pursuesthepolicyindicatedintheChicago saveorrestoretheUnion. Underthiscondi- cananymanagerorassociationofartisteat- prettyevident;nordoesthereappearto-beanyThe blind, ra*h leaders, flushed with recentvictory,donott>eewhatWeedsees—thatthey platformandintbespeechesofsuch,menasJtionofthings,CongressionalUnionsavingcom- tempttoresuscitatetheobscuredfortunesofare driving their party against a rock upon Wade,ofOhio. If he has made up hismind to j mittees are mockeries, Presidential messages which it mu>t be dashed to pieces. They aro abandon that policy, and to adopt tbe conser- are waste paper, and Northern Union meetingsthe Academy.them, and were not extinguished until late in the place in the United States Senate, is not ashamed series o f disasters f o r which tears o f bloodMarch, will take the place of Mr. Buchanan. cotton States will have seceded from the Unionis now aground near the Battery. The Vandexbiltatonetimewasingreatdanger,fromherwheel- theAmericanpeople in favorof theplatformhousehavingtakenfire.TheJohnP.Kingwas onwhichLincolnandHamlinwereelected,anentirelynewvessel,belongingtoSpoflbrd, and,standingthereon,hewouldsufferanything PBJKCEo»WALES.-—Thegoodresultsofthe believethatwiththeinaugurationofMr.Lin- Titestoa &Co., aad intended to run between this before he would compromise in any way." visit of tbe Prince of Wales to this country arecityaadCharleston. Herentirecostwas$100,000, Nowwesubmitthat theverdictoftheAmeri- becomingmoreand more evident Thbcor- colnwillcommence thepracticalworkofthewhich the men are obliged to travel, but does not seemto recognisethe notoriousfact that many membersof theforce abbreviate their laborsmateriallybyneglectingtheirpatrol duties altogether.tbe damage about 8125,000, and the insurance suppression of the vital institution of Southern can people, so far from being in favor of the respondence which w c published yestprday,876,000. Chicago platform, is a most decided condemna- in which th e Queen o f England e x - slavery.join the following tabular statement of tBe popular vote throughout the Union in the latetion, and now wefindthat the policeman's active mindhastakenamoreestheticturn. Musicand thedramaalluretheblue-coatedgentlemerifrom their lonely rounds. Tbe Muses woo them, and not in vain. On last Thursday night tbe num- ber of uniformed police who assisted at the per-Prop too Much." by Ferdinand de Braeektar; ««Cbnt«ated andrHsoonteute<1,"byHenryBebaefMs:"StreetViewof Amsterdam,"byFvera,aad"TbePrinceofOrangeat tbeBattleofBreda." Tbecollectioninnumerous,and all tbe pieees are excellent specimens of art. We expect that the galleries will be greatly crowded.Brock- Stale/. cUn. ih/id-jr.Doug- lot.IJtU.8,794f<u. stem.the chain of our international friendship, andwell worthy of the pride and pleasure within the United States in a quiet, constitutionalway, and has said that "Lincoln's election isCn;iiwiiia88.703 84.041 38,000formances in the chief theatres and the Opera MR. TAKWrao'8SHAKsrsxuj*BncrrAnoss.—We would re- House was over forty. At the Academy of Mu- mind oar readers that this accomplished orator and de-are more than mere words, ami too stitutionalway? T?ythe exclusion ofslaveryemphatic to need comment. They ipring from the Territories—by the addition, withinfrom the well of the heart; they breathe the two or three years,of half adozen newStates to good to see how the gentle hearts of the police which has hitherto attended Mr. Tasietro is the bestohn A. Dix, How. Lather K. Marsh, Prof. Hitch- CojiEecticut... 43.793 18.493 17,874 8,337 M7S which we all received it Such words the downfall of slavery." Buthow so, in a con-lilinow otkandother.-. Afull reportwili befoundin Indianamis* ,&J9:100,428 4,9511claimerwiDgive anotherofhis highlyclassical recita. tions at Clinton Hall this evening. Tbe brilliant pucemm13fr,(H3'iOu'5412,296115.168 5,339sic there was a charitable concert, and it was86,978 7701 11.898spirit o f true sympathy, loving kindness, and313,790 to another, and how much more s o England of freedom," a n d by the enforcement, underfederal authority, of the freedom of speech tion of oar files enabled us to give four days later fe&xcyiviUila . 270,1701 - IT ,; 12,755 178,438 the reply that Americans n o w feel almost a and o f the press in all the States. Under theselevers of tbe writings of tbe Bard of Avon will MBMW* in large numbers.Wunxa G-iRDk-v —Miss Amy Elliott, a young M > of this city, who has acted fnatmUntr with eminent success,Rht-de khatl.. details of European news, whieh will be found in f nanontanother part of this morning's paper. WiaM-csia.... On the 30th November the stock of all kinds -f Tutat83.888 8fl,110fpersonal interest in the fortunes of the royalfamily of England; and there is uo doubt thearrangements it may be reasonably supposedthat our Northern political, moral and religiousil,8S7,028:107,2241848,811 cottoninLiverpoolembraced525,000bales,of VU<\*msuiWrefregularvtfttsiaNorthernturerepresentativeoftheBritishthroneareat tbe"cottonStates"toohottoholdit Wesay plajingBorneo.AdebutisalwaysmoremlessLatere-'ing. the building of a theatre expressly for their but this one deserves the particular aiU*tk« ofH&e thea-whieh 391,800 were American. The weekly SUt<H>. ~average consumption In Manchester of all sorts Swrtiv.Uig «B4 •r.fofnwU vow* amounts to about 50,658. At this rate the supply Total vr.ta in Nwtbern Stat** of all kinds in Liverpool was only sufficient to Veto far I.UKWB1«,420.M1lent ejbout eight weeks aad two or three day*. Thisia*amelf would net perhaps bo of much import0000 were i t n o t known that th e exportsfrom the United States since tbe 1st of Sep-tember last are at laaat 388,808 bams leas aiabft&a.i than last year. Veto each oa event possible, Arkaiuus.treaties the feelings and the fortunes of the two great sections of tbe Anglo-Saxon race.imminent, and therefore the gentle public mustcataed by political convulsions or otherwise for of oottoa from the South to be days, Manchester aplndaaa1.3*4 2J.341 22*81 7.826 S.SSSi 48,81 r 5.088S " •+HB 48,801 2,78168.710 30.2*4 41,78s2&es,fui"offasnh-sTiasHryfcclhcoitjr38O00!.*»>} T4S88— 11.3*4toBrookly-i City Stews.ligan was so shining a light—was catted in the 6aaan Mcwc-x favtrr-i—A musical xeattvat will beYet the London Timer, cotton as an e kand prosperity.1 the 15thlast, are to theand Tbe bank had beentotal amount has been reduced ia the process dent elect, in a single letter or speech to the - of revision by the committee from $105,000 t o American people o f the North and t h e South, S8V>0tt-* saving to the public treasury of covering a broad and radical compromise, may some $*^<Wbft;an4ou the whole the separate do everything to save, the Union. A ma- charge* arc pretty moderate, considering the jority of a! million Of the uoters of the kmd»cine fwhion in which the Embassy was j United States have recorded their verdict ffrtrttoJa*4 **$Nff!t**9 *»% city. and the against the republican programme for tbe suffo- very large suite who accompanied the princes. cation of slavery. Does not this nianrleata.tiontbe "fancy." When the ease of "Jim Massy"— another o f that dangerous class o f politicians known as strikers, o f which the departed Mul-and the programme wili be such an one as caa rely upon support upon its intrinsic merits.bonds. fc* by'~»5SW3S35»|5M5court of Oyerand Terminer on Monday,it was found that the accused had decamped and for- feited his bail. As the offence charged was nearly similar to that for whieh Mulligan is BOWsuffering in the seclusion of Sing Sing- namely, assaulting an officer—it is probable thatgiven bv the pupils of pnblie schosJ Ms » , Brooklyn, astHsted by several profos_k)e*i and aawtfBT sefforaaers, oath*evening and tomanweye-jag(Wristiliyand Thursday). Tbeob^stef t__«one_«s»teiB_»ftin<ls toresolutionI tIs veryevident, fromtheseofficialr e -fuss shout!promise,no peace—nothingh u tdisunion a n d will be a great blessing to thecommunity.&,&,?. 4.N86I 3,860 12.244.1our mother country. It may well be said iuthese places, it follows that the others came out of pure devotion to art, or, as it was insinuated by some evil minded persons, in order to keep out of the cold. We are in favor of increasingMajority for Lincoln rathe NorthTHB vei* or rex SOCTHCTV STATB*.»48,&&3W*. Vrsnorr WAIHC** opera »f " Larlnw" i s deemed a great success among tbe awafcal •ekhritie* of Europe. Mr. Wallace ia in good health aad busily occupied tn b i s profession.DnrwonTH x80011?.-On Friday erenmg of this week aThe measure of even-handed justice meted concert win be given here in aid of signor AsSoni, the longsoughtforitemshaveseenthelightat Presidentnowinpowercandonothing—Con- outtoMulligantheotherday,whowasseat weilknownbafibsieger,whoisBOWvery'Ulaadiaaeedlast, and now that they are before us we find gress can do uothingT-anti-repubDcan Northern to Sing Sing for four years and a half, seems to of pec-ctary aid. The beet artiste in the city wtlappear, them satisfactory enough. It is true that the Union meetings can do nothing; but the Presi- have an alarming effect upon his brothersof beaded by FreaaoHoi, Oarlotu Fasti and Mme. Strakoscb,Rate.Unaware. FferMa...Brfck- inridgefrmg-las. Bell48,831 13,<H*i 27,86828,732 8,227 20.004 3,818 7.344 1.0808,16* 01M,m »^1S &THS JATAKSSK ITEMS A T LAST.—The long candidate for President has precipitated upon PANIC Anoxa ran BOWDT CLASSES.—vative views of Thurlow Weed, it is due to of the parties and factions opposed to the re-AMISEMKNTS FOB TH* POLICE.—The gentleman at present occupying that very delightful post, the General Superintendency of the Police, has followed in the footsteps of his illustrious pre- decessors,andinhislastreportstrenuouslystrength o f the force. Mr. Kennedy complains afternoon. The vessel was nearly destroyed, and tu say that "he has in his pocket tbe verdict of could not atone, and which a whole Ufetime The South has taken the alarm. Some of the bitterly about the length of the beats overcould not repair.ANOTHER SOUVENIR or THE VISIT OF THE wherefore? Becausethepeopleof thoseStates417121 6S,esi all that is most calculated to endear ono nation ga » »o° of the Supreme Court "on the sideinanticipationofarepublicanregime.Andw r t n *In the "good old times " the policeman wa* fain to solace his weary hours in the cosey bar Mr. Wade answers, as Mr. Seward has ssa] ff 8)public house. But the aew relations78,7481554,802 sympathy and interest we feel towards the fu- crusatles against slavery would soon make even the force by ail means, and w e also advocate makes her debet this evening as Juliet, Mr. Edwin Boothonce an evidenRe and a guarantee of that con- nothing of Northern violation- of the Fugitive benefit. Timid people are now unnecessarily tre going public. " Romeo and Juliet" will not b* pi-ved 3,426,903 sciousness of a common welfare and mutual re- Slave law and Personal Liberty bills, for these agitated by the strong show o f police in places by veterans on this occasion.riii iia^lKM87,t2S gard which bind together more strongly than things are at best but secondary issues.agony about the Japanese bill is over. The us this crisis of disunion and civil war? The<WIa»Na%awtawWartsT <Sf V^Mff taV wBaw tiaHauft*,***,*,. , » 4T1*J48 Tbe item for the ball ia not extravagant, and, of the public opinion of the Union afford thel>r*cafei>a__»forttomB_Weaw^school bouse of No. 13 was destroyed by are1and a new baUdiag issite, * Dejpawaxreai. /Tte_^fiWr_ Westminste„r. TFTf0e\s)\bytenrt-B church bouw),on;dmtonstreet,earner* - *V*>*« HUM** L t M * a v —iwreiveS. t.••a••-.•..awamsr** » • »«%« *••**»•••'•••M.^alinfslin view of the liberal ideas of c*r Corporation key for the salvation of the Union? Wei mustwhere the public money is eooocrnei, we sup- persist in our call upon Mr. Lincoln to show Mr. Massy anticipated a like fatt^a^Jherefore posethere&boreasontocomplainofanyofhishand. TilslatespeechofMr.Senator betookhimselfoutofsight Iftheexample thecharges: T*ut«{didnhTt*VWinston- Wade-Jb^fnsttheechoofthespeechesOfJtr..•fiitthhthe U ^ ' b ? * ^ Wl^.wh..ail the Lincoln upon record. They suggest no com-made of Mulligan only has the effect of ridding the city of more of this class of iudtvidishls, itbe expected. !_* arrang^taseteawSneartawS f»r_j?__ of Mr. A. BOarl»,taeprtiH-lp_.andtbecoBceTtwffl»a conducted by Mrs Clarke—a finished musical inj-ractre-t.Untitled Documentof public amusement It looks as if ariotwasWhere, then, can we look for relief againstthese dangers o f dissolution? Where b u t t o be overawed. Mr. Lincoln, whose election as a n anti-slaverywouldb e a n appropriate beginning o f t h ework.Thestockholders shouldeitherbewill-We And, however,o ft h eo fthiswhiter. Itbehoovesthemtomoveinthe Weopinethat theEnglish people willfindmatter, and to make some concessions to the it very hard to comprehend such a course in a artists. The leading stockholders of the Aca- man who, from his position, hi faaaaaaWi to h oOpera stands first a n d foremost, and w ely set in, and there will b e a large demandgood faith of the fathers of the Union on this New York never witnessed such terrible times subject of slavery and our Noftt*?rn anti- agree with us so far as to provide for the open-winter. A voluntary subscription, commenced in tbe right quarter a n d properly carried o u tevery day hurries on the crisis. Meetings should h e held a t once to provide means o f subsistence for the unemployed, who will h e -hope o f arresting secession i n Washington? Congress is disorganized or paralyzed, and can do nothing. Mr. Lincoln, who could go much, i s doing nothing; he is deaf to every appeal, andon all sides things look gloomy and foreboding. It is time, then, for us in this densely popu- lated metropolis to look after the interests o f thedestitutemasseswhowillhethrownupon. ourbountyduringthewinter.Flat* Arte.SALE Or VALCABLB Oil. PArKTrXQ*. theartisticpublic of NewYork toveaaaxeeilrttioppertoaitythiseveasxfofbecomtagpawiiiuiilorsoma fineoilpainting. To*Messrs.Scbeaea:wffl offerseveral worksofart,selectedintbestudiosofEuropeatvic- tim. Tbe sale eomtnonres this erentag at tbe gulleiV* oT • tbeNationalAcademyofDesign.Theal»iss*mastersoftbeI modem school are represented in tbe catalogue. Among thr mast attractive pieces are "The Letter,'' b y Merta; "landscape aaOSfeeep,' by Koek-Koek and Eugene Ver-' c'rueUy prohibit that innocent form o f relaxa- boeckboren; "Flower and Fruit' piece, by Keekers: U Anewsreaches England the people there ate becoming astonished at the turn afbira are taking. Theyface o f theenrth,smd y e t obstinately refuses Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 