 I '\• <••ever, thC rights of the LieC to vote the taxesEv.e.r.y..d.epartmentwasinstpectedwasentirelyerroneous. Article8says,that were passed; so we doubt not that the Mayor bad au have convinced the Empress that the Lancashire fac- by the Empress;, but it is not dechable, or even.possi those functions of the Ministry of Public In- opportunity of informing the Empress of the French tory is not the cndy-and-soul-consuming hole which hie, to particularize. Her Majesty expressed her as- struction and Religion which do not directly regardf§ I§retained was, of course, immediately handed to her "And who may come?" ''All,"!said U.e Mayor. chief librarian, was absent visiting the several New-Yofk National Guard, is, iu uhort, the first mid mine. But let us try the experiment. The eventsMaienty. favorite regiment of Brother Jonathan. The cheers of•the hist year or' two—-above all, tho fortunate Noticing a large bust at the other «uu ..f the room,"her branches, for the purpose of paying wages, 6cc., there\\ e may state, as an incident connected with the Majesty asked whom it reprer«'iitcd, aud U-iutf told w< re only a few assistants aud cleaners present. Mr. that .greeted it alt ng Broadway when the Prince entered violence.of opposition of the non-national clerico-4proceedings, that before her Majesty appeared at the John Dalton, she replied, * 1 ku*>w~-« gi^tt u eiuist.!" Hairy JLawecn, the able Cbairinau of the Library the city were only second to those given to tbe hero of legitimisbs—give me an opportunity to inauguratem--ifintroduced with more dramatic effect of the lowersort, than elegance or propriety. The Seymour: in have myuelf often talked with ladies of the household, from France ? Is anything to be resisted which the, rubber, which was being boiled (in small blocks) to terestirig debate on the budget, occupied a doubleITHE EMPRESS IS'.MANCHESTER. From the Manchester Guardian, Dec. 1.three stories. Now they were in the " Air-tigijt de- However, Her Majsty evidently found fun and not partment," where portable gas-bags, globes of all fright iu the ride; for when those who had seeu her sorts, cushions, beds, and innumerable other thingsatcend trained by metuis of the staircase tne room in were being fabricated. Mr. Birley was explaining'The right of voting an address, the publication of the doings of the .Chambers, the presence of Minis-6I EUROPE.BY THE EUROPA'S MAILS.^Fn»> Ow.Own Coxropondeiit.press and her ladies uttered slight cries of surprise—mo»t reactionary ol nis courtiers, Minister of State, and Las grantee, publicity and some further freedom vi speecn i.o his Legislative Assembly and Senate.TLis set-saw policy is still as mysterious-as ever, but Le evidently tends toward freedom,GREAT BEITAIK?roai Our 0*.n Comfjrpoiufent.L O N D O N , Nov. 30, 1850. In the absence of definite matter for criticism,C'lei k then lead a cordial address.Alter her Majesty had made her reply, which ehe didinfoimed, she added,._«' 30 "Jre, lHbO." Then folio weSaulcy," " G. do, la Grange," and " ColonelFove." by the lull flow of work people aud others on their way\i .'.'•?* w'.' ' tnh *£* '•-'• Ii(Urct.'!wi* 'M v "* i'L'rjJt'' L*' *i• •-\ i i\rt• itmau | '•-': •'IUntitled Document.• ••ment Commissioners will be present during theobtain noDepaiinenr, vv:.s bm-ily; propmh^i \m r.x**i^i„m «s*e i».it.ef oiairg the year, the expense of repuiriuginjii- tic universal iavor which ibis honor done to the cele- " traveling collection," b-nt by u * dt>|«*i'toi»«n a..d i.Ks or i*q huii.g tu< k^ lost, wa-i so small its scarely to brated Seveuth. would produce. The fraternizationNEW-YOltKglish sympathizers have been collecting funds for Garibaldi, and apparently contributing comBAtL YTRIBUNE,MONDAY,DECEMBER i t ,onr re >der* bask', filled upon woodent _ . _ lipress s descends,, and from which the tkip bad now been We published on Friday- a telegraphic snminary of ly pressed for the payment of many thousand ; ^rF*tageBoi the earlier days of the [K>or Empr elected; and explaining that it was desirable to go to pounds due for accoutrements to Messrs. Isaacs imperial state, and Beeing how impatiently she must the top of the mill first—it is a six-story building', la-tbe news by the Ehropa. From the newspaper mails, Campbell & Son of St. James's street. There have home her splendid; fetters. After she had diet-—-he pointed out the hoist as a* means of quickly seceived on Saturday, we gather the detail* below. - is some romance about the form in which the been about a fortnight the wife of Louis Napoleon, she paining tne desired point'. Her Majesty readily stepped1860.^HhtiM^hMM ^p*-,;. ap <Mdaleo the members of her floite. Again Mr. Chad- haps, the most important State docuanent thatto his resources, it turns out that theyettrred debts in his behalf still more rapidly, I shocked. When one thinks of it all, it really seems to <oies. Very gallantly did Mr. S; Armitage lead and that the Italian leader was unexpected- i ?6.:dmofct Uhtur«"i ^ d one cannot help recalling cer- Her Majesty to the dark corner in which the hoistissued her orders to some of the ladies around her that demand was made, but it was in substance a just a walk.shonld be taken ij) the streets of Paris. A w:dk!iff; and she laughingly culled, first the Countess detbie time; and again the Empress was heartily cheered.As Col. Fovo was passing through the narrow opening discussion of this address, to give to the " C h a m -and reasonable demand, though some arc iuclined ImmediateJy the graii.de maitres'sv; Madame la Prin- Montebello, and then Madame de Saulcy to join her. THE STATE OF EUROPE. to dispute this. It appears that the accounts of ceste d'Essfing, made her. appearance, saying she. was They did so. Mr, S. Armitage followed, and the the moneys subscribed had been exaggerated,, and ready to accompany her Majesty anywhere in a car- Mayor of. Manchester joined the party. Mr. Armitage no one who was aware of the truth cared to cor- riage. At which tbe unlucky Empress exchamedj some- gave the customary jerk to one of the ropes; the Em-T U R I X , Nov. 27, 1860. The Italian question remains pretty much in ttie same state as before. Lord Palmerston and Napoleon axe trying to persuade Austria to sell Ve- netia; Garibaldi remains quietly at Caprera; the Italians feel ashamed that their greatest man has been slighted; Cavour begins to understand that, with all the blunders of the Neapolitan and Sicilian administration, the ex-Dictator is stillicore popular than even Victor Emanuel himself; Cialdini besieges Gaeta, without any hope of taking the fortress before Christmas: Fanti snabs the Garibaldians; Farini meets with greater difficulties in the reorganization of Na- ples titan be expected; and poor Victor Eman- uel is in despair that he cannot put an end. to the feud between his true*t servants, and that Cavour and Farini prevent him from showing his gratitude to the hero who has won for him two «r«wmv •;-.• Within the last week, however, he has, <tO some extent, repaired Faati's in- judicious blunders toward the Garibaldians. The rank of the -officers has been acknowledged, and better provision has been made for the soldiers ofin tbe crowd, a brawny old workman, whose facebeamed with delight at the opportunity he bad enjoyed,held out hie hand and ex-, burned, " Shake hands, Sir,will, you V .*'• Ov/ yen," suid the Colonel, laughing fheartily; and a good firm grip was exchanged.MESSRS. M'WfTOSH'S INOIA-HUaBER WORKS.bers" all necessary explanations on the foreigii and domestic policy of the Executive. [Hitherto,, the " Chambers,"- for this old parliamentary name 'is given in this decree to the Senate and Corps Eeg- islntif, bod nothing to do but to listen to the inaugu- ral speech]. The Legislative Body is, in future, toftueigh officials, exhausted by taxation, and irri- John Manners. Ostensibly he has been doing Lord seat, Madame de Saulcy, the Marquis de la Grange, tated by afl the petty annoyances of the Imperial Derby's work, but in reality,though The Press news- CoLFove, and the Town Clerk, .entered the second police. It was thought, therefore, that the resto- paper denies it, he has been getting his hand in to take yardage; and boih started amid ringing cheers. But ration of Hungary a autonomy migUt be hailed the reins when Lord Derby drops them., He may or it wat difficult to proceed, so dense was the" crowd; with enthusiasm' by a duwii-troddeu uatibu, happy may not succeed in attaining hereafter the object of Capt. Palm and his officers could not at .lirst secure a at its Telease from foreign officials, from the Orer- h.8 ambition; but there are such impediments in his tree why; and at the turn into Piccadilly, her Majes- mnn language^ and from the -impertinence of Aus- way, from the distrust with Which many regard ty's carriage was for a minute brought to a stand.whitened the black bila dresses trimmed with crape ested by tbe strangeness and great utility of the works. The manifestations of this feeling in the metropoli-worn by Her Mujesty and her ladies. The same THE WAREHOUSE OF MESSKS. S. A J. WATTS; tan and provincial press are vety general. It waa course of rapid but very pertinent questioning was The short drive to Portland street was marked by acontinued here; and what with asking, li.-stenhig) succession.of ovations. The cheers at Messrs. M'ln- curiously noticeable, for the first few days, that tlie explaining to her attendants, and looking at the resc- toeh's were taken up by groups in Oxford Koad and cleiico-Jegitimiat press alone took no part in them, lcb> machinery, it may safely be concluded that the Portland street", and outsiue the warehouoe there was or took part most ungraciously. For the last few EmpiesB vvab the reverse of idle. Drawing and so'large and so dente a crowd, who cheered so en- days it has been forced, as it were, to unite, clubbing came next; and then xi huge room or floor thusiastically, and pushed so strongly/ for " a sight of though as discordantly as it dare, its lugubrious wholly devoted to throstL-st iiming was entered. the Empret-s," that a_ numerous body of police had note to the common chorus of approval.ADesperate were the efforts made to get near enough to tri&n ponce. , I h c municipal elections, the right him, that no one cau yet say that his experiment catch a glimpse of the Empress; and almost franticand the levy of soldiers. The Hungarians deny those accustomed to Chinese warfare; but thenow the right of Francis Joseph to strike out any worst uu>y have happened already, and our country- Jaw ot the Constitution. They do not understand men's lives may have been sacrificed.any compromise between despotism and com- plete cvnsiiiutional liberty, and, therefore, openly protestagainstanynewdiplomaorconcession, and declare that the laws of rd-kf are nowise diffor-ent from tbe laws that precededsssume de'facto the possession of all their rights.there is a complete administrative anarchy tarough* out Hungaiy. Tl»e central country of Pesth is to assemble in a general meeting on the 1st of Decem- ber, and the platform estabhaUed there will, withiu a month, be indorsed by all the country. And tinsplatform as we are informed, will be of a strongly revolutionary character. It will assert the full righ„ of the nation to legislate and execute the laws with- out reference to Austrian officials, Ministers, or Imperial Councils; it will protest against the usurpation of the last twelve years, and will declare that the true guaranty of the liberties of Hungary lies in the liberty and constitu- tional Government of the German and Slavonic provinces of the empire. Thus the Croats have already been reconciled to Hungary, and claim now taeir reunnexation. The great majority of the fc>er-the vifcit of the Queen and Prince Albert to the honor theme of conducting the royal party. Tue iu- l)uke of Athole plaid scarf; and she much admiredboth in the last number of the Quarterly is Sir Bul- Park in 185.1, when her Majesty was welcomed -by cet sant clatter of the weaving frames was almost deaf- some baby hoods, of- Leicestershire production. We The decree-really contains the subject matter ofwe-rl.vtton. His article is able and eloquent, and "tiyLty thousand Sunday-School children of Manches- diiig to a stranger; but while explaining some piece believe that her Majesty made other purchases in addi-, half a dozen decrees. It was drawn up in a hurry. it is characteristic of his present position, with ter, Salford, and the neighborhood," and when those of machinery under repidr, iSir Elkaiiah\ turne<l and lion to the scarf. Lu^re is tbe not improbable history of it. Bufr v\ Inch his opinions, even on historical questions, now children—tire inscription does not state this fact—sang clipped a large shutter, which gave at once to her There was again much cheering when the Empress first let me ventuie an historical preface:coincide. !Nor is it deficient in critical weight, our National Anthem in such a stvle as never was-Na- Majesty a view into and across a great Hind iu which quitted the warehoute; and another hearty demonstra- Louis Napoleon is not an ass. W'ith an though his impeachment of Pym and Hampden tional Anthem sung before or since. The features of 15'.; looms were going at full speed. " Oh!",exeLiined tion was maOe by the large crowd surrounding the intellect superior to that . of most of his-them. They thussorrow for a beloved sister, intense disgust at over to fitch iter. Mujesty expres.-ed to the Mayor h>-r ti.ank.n and her i-yteji. ol blank forms of recommendation and the mocotonous »pleudour and frivolity of the / rcw» The /'aria Honitevr, A'op. 25. gratification, and an.id the cheers of hundreds of- meti sum" tl.ii of the twc> recommendinWe are happy to be able to announce a perceptible who.had now gathered, she parioed out at the south 1 sit g citizens.tne Yes.a harmonious undemanding and a community of senti- waiting till pitst the lust moment for pressure for thement let vveci:the volunteer forces of the tvvo countries. Ol rids corps, The Nitv-York Herald Baid, iu notic-retlren.*nt, without offensive intrusion on. the had assembled from all quarter* loudly cheered.cloths, but ginghams, checks, oi«. 1^, t^ct avevy m-u- cott:,.from the opening of a buleo'f cotton to the porteet-ini < f the article-named, can be seen easily ;i.nd clearly 1 and riearly all these,the Fmpreso of the Freneli KIVVCabinet meeting earl) la:-t week to lay before them hie; steps are being taken to carry this final purpose in this irg;ud. A purely accidental tuis-apprehension of his order for its calling, led Ex-Minis- ter Fould to summons 6of/t Privy Council and Cabinet Council, and the meeting desired by Napoleou bud to be deferred till another day. It did then get it- self convened. He, in characteristically few words, threw out bis purposed plan. Then grew up debate,. Und wise und waste words. When he had heard enough of this, he rose from his chair, and, pacing the room up and down, set forth in roughly articu-lit the Moniteur of last Sunday yon will find,a late formulas his purposes of reform. Walewski, decree, in fourteen articles, dated Nov. 24, hastily his personal friend, and member of the Privy Coun-cil, wrote down as he spoke. Waleweki's manu-privacy of her position or its inducements. She is WHY inn. EMPRESS WENT. Vrvm the l'aris Cisrrt pvntlitice of The l^udoaidea out, v\ ith the sanction of some of tho leaders of the volunteer movement in Iiondon.. ,rect these exaggerations, because even these ru- what tartly, that she neither wanted a carriage nor her the univertal female " O h ! " that may mean so many company. This is the answer on record. And hyster-mors were considered to be advantageous to the ics and nervous attacks ensued, and the once so md«- thingt-Z-and the steam-hoist hud curried its load of tivaItalian cause. At the same.time, the debt in ques- pendtnt Mile, de Alontijo was shut up,." for good and out of "tight. An Emprets in a hoist! All will re- tion was legitimately incurred; but when its exist- a*l"l'»? as little children term it, and "l"e-f"t to meditate oa luerober JPviiek's humorous predictions as to- whut ence was ascertained in the form of a surprise, some the recent change-in her habits of life. For two years might be expected to happen with btdies whose lords of the English in Garibaldi's camp enacted a come- this continued, until at. last certain acts on the part of 'keep private carriages, if- it was true as announced in dy of errors, indulging in mutual accusations, the Emperor gave his consort the right, as she thought, the newspapers that the Empress of the French rode challenges^ and even assaults. If the truth ^o her liberty of action. While her lord was at Phmi- in a.IIai!8om cab from the railway station to her hotelglishmen consisted of the riffraff who areprone to speculative adventure, and these were ing, &.c, at St. Cloud, and thereat no less solemn aUpon leavingf the Free Library, the joyal carriagewas driven by the mot^t direct route to Oxford Road; exercise certain legislative functions—such a»licree, in 1866. the Empress managed, most innocently, en reaching London. But we have the authority of must be told,. a portion of Garibaldi's En- as we should tiunk, to amuse herself in pheasant shoot- the organ of aristocratic, and now of ministerial, do-;mixed up together with men of honor in'relation to the s;,mo series of transactions, military and mone- tary. Accordingly there was a general melde of im- putations and brawls of which it would be difficult to give a complete narrative highly creditable to anybody. It has been truly said that a Seymour, a Worthy, a Garibaldi and. a Cosenz figured in aesq., Captain C. A. .Scott, "well known on theBritish turf," and the words "base calumny,""lie," "swindlers," " scoundrels,"&c, <fcc, w;erePwtck'a pretty theories. But the Empress didgo up .five stories of a, cotton mill in a . hoist. nagged. Still the. corUfcc swept on; and when nearThat is not to he ' disputed. Sovereigns, actual or ex, may . have ridden in . cabs in this "landpersonage than Marshal Pelissier took exception, andadvit-eu hiim-clf to lecture the Empress before all herhousehold, telling her the French did not likesuch;•" eccentricities," and the poor Empress-criedings, that the Empress did not so ride in a Hansom; sothat there it. virtue enough in.the uif" to destroy Bushoime, became the "favorite/' but this too wasot those thousands of fresh young voices, welling forth., . _ r . „ ^whk'e.gold pen w'a? need by all; and we may,add that his Majesty, has published since his Cowtitution it was similarly used by the King of Portugal and of 1852. It introduces very grave changes into l'rince !Napoleon, at the Sulford Free Library, 4ome the Government, giving to it many of the features year? ago. Many would value such a pen very highly. of a trhly representative Government. Tbe more Before quitting the institution, the Empress told theMayor tnat'sho was much gratified to nave seen two striking of them are as follows: The Senate? sucu fine and so good public institutions; and.eo the and the Legislative Body shall in future, every vhit ternduutcd. year, vote an address in reply to the ImperiaSeven:l hundred persons bad a/isembled outride.by speech that opens their annual sessions; Govern-1 -eiRccorwant of Kot tldental. *>f the fj .purpos-*. •terim of ^{with a dj nizcKl siii newspai over pull will be af refen-m •voked'fcyl phrase. TOO«t soi:JUOftt High in tb*- n^i, TfifrrreA M tftew1 eoigood; totpromise: !<^ica%3»ent," al *t crowninlwreath.Opinion* i of tbe 'Zi The -Opmi sanely rtyipendent o l paper wr:t7limitatio.*. Prince N a J b&a slian.*'ll flhanvenii tician, Praja liberni ence.ent' atorj*-d«'c»eJBeside tional reforl decree of J vision* UH> thjurf'. *o^Kov; Xti, f under th. those ohlv with som» the follow n'JMinister jurisdiction papers andplaced by $ •one of ti el sincere fri<honest man within !N'ap<| a liberalbih one of thejpartthtis— oJ measures IKJ the oldest offwithdrawn, made/an Ai fend and de Legislativetleman now as French i Flahairt in der the Pa waa iiillaLwithout reilri •Billault's M that Biilau! utable old \Embassy, bl-and for titie nbecause h«* 1 •is half brotnof Finance i nious Maramending and, in a hmitcxi sort, almost originating bills; "except, however, bills of merely local inter- "estand cases of urgency." [Hitherto the so-called Legislative Body had only to talk about the bill* sentin from the Council of State, and, at utmost, refuse to vote for them. I think there have b.jeiisix caws of refusal in eight years]. The Senate wii be requested to pass a constitutional law (Senatus consultc) by virtue of which official reports of the proor distress; we do not doubt that such things tine until 2 o'clock, before which the Workpeople at Ofeach session fihall k? published in next morning's: bastian, a pastime of her own country, a ^ p have occurred. But we want a Plutarch-to find us a Mcf.b'8. M'lntosh's would not return from dinner.they; were fearfully Bcandalized at that, these parallel for an Empress in a hoist; and we want a I Movitcur. [Hitherto the report of the proceedings ofheartily, and said " she would not do so auy more."Then she Went to see the " Toros" at St. fcW of liberty,'! arid home of monafchs iu disgrace,Lidtbury the hading carriage swept round and drovotowitrd Manchester. It was then discovered, that theEmpress had dei-ned'to have a drive into the suburbs; ceedings ot the Chambers shall he sent" every evca' imd this was the' more convenient, as it tilled up the ing to, all tlie journals," while a stenographic reportover decorous French; and, iu short, on the whole, prophet to tell us what is likely to happen consequent Rain fell freely during a contiderable portion of the the Legislative Body was generally of the rneagenst transaction in which a London tailor, a money- considering the extremely unconventional mode of her uj.cii tbe unquestionable fact which we assert. Who drive.' description; it was published in the Moniteur; oc- lender, a dishonored bill, a number of intended unmarried life (prolonged to the age of twenty-eeven), denies that Eugenie of France is the Empress of Fash- At the works in Cambridge street, the Empress was casionally it was full, and then, necessarily, very duels, some accomplished assaults, H de Stediuk, the existence of the Empress Eugenie has not, since she ion, as wrell as of France 1 Did she not give ua (we received by Mr. Hugh Birley and Mr. A. Birhy, part- long; no other paper could quote a part of such re-entered the Tuilcries, been one of .wholly unalloyed have heard that ehe did; we are wholly ignorant on ners in tbe firm. Under the guidance principally ofeatitd'action. Two years ago, to all this was added the such matters) those pigmy, back-hanging bonnets, and Mr. Hugh Birley, the Empress saw all the processes in port, not a line, or else all the columns full must be intense and harrowing fear of assassination, and since those huge criholine-expanded dresses—to match ? Is the strange but most useful manufactures carried on at reproduced. Some time last Spring a full report,of the Orrilii attempt this has never entirely .ceased. I anything in ludies' dress the thing unless it has come these famous works.! Beginning with the raw india- the good, bad, and indifferent speeches of a very in-who every now and then admit that the habitual life Empress has patronized 'I Here wo have'the Empress give the first softening, all was explained, through the number of the Moniteur; for the sake of one or two question is the eldest son of the Duke of Somerset, at the palace was " <ii*tracted_ by ceaseless alarms," cone from France.and patronizing hoists in cotton- procesees of washing, cleaning, picking, rolling, and* of the" speeches the Journal des Debuts began to tbe volunteer army. Mazzini, too, and Avezzaua, a brave, and we believe an honorable man, who un- and it is perfectly well • known in a certain set thut for hill*. Will not the amusement of "• going up'' in them forming into Luge blocks. The huge mixing rollers quote; the unlucky journal being once in for it musthave obtained an amnesty by Garibaldi's interces- sion. It still remains a olot, however, upon the King's escutcheon, that, while the Bourbons created 1 runout Luke of Antrodoed for the bloodless cam- paign in 182J, and Filangieri Prince of Satriano for the reconquest of feiciiy in ltU9y and even Nun- zinnto L>uke of AII<IJO;.U for the suppression of tne Cuk»brcse iusurreetiou, Garibaldi remains simply Garibaldi, without any command, rank, or title. JLuiopt-an diplomacy was for a time alarmed, lest gratitude should make Italy subservient to France. These fears are now probably allayed, since grati- tude seems not to be a feature of the Italianebaxseu r.\V Laie the Italian question has entered into a pbn«e of expectation, and doe* not now promise wry stirring incident.*, we see a new question ammg which bids fairly soon to absorb the atten- tion of Europe. This is the question of Hungary. The Emperor of Austria, considering that witniu a tew mourns Garibaldi or an army of Victor Eman- uel may land upon the coast of Laimatia in aid of'Hungary, while at the same time ttie famous Quad- rilateral may be attacked in Italy, hits at last con- vented to take the claims of Hungary into consid- eration, ior twelve years that Kingdom was ' Genuaaized, centralized, ill-treated, by a host ofder the name of Captain Sarsfield, has been fighting weeks together the unfortunate Empress has scarcely at ©lice become decidedly fashionable 7 It will be very and their appendages attracted particular notice. Inon the side of Garibaldi, and he, it appears, has done anything but weep, and declare that she would novel, and will be foundpleaeurably strange and ex another room, the cutting of the blocks into thin con- needs'go on, audi recollect seeing the tail of that been raging among his compatriots like an Orlando Ket off for Spain, and hy BO dangerous a country us citing. Combine the sensation of going up in a balloon tinuous bheets was pointed out; and the Empress voluminous report dragging its slow length, a singleFurioso, the justice of his provocation being in dis-but tnut out all prospect and all H,Fiance. After all this, can it be wondered at that she iugupinli balloon, [showed particuhir anxiety to understand the cornpli- column or so at a time, through the third page ofbhould desire a little .freedom, a little_ amusement, a hVpute. He has thrashed Captain C. A. Scott as his tlejabfence of the absurd etiquette with which it is one of the spindles, the rattle of the weavfinal share in this complicated business, and a relative veaving-frames, the 1 fectod. "Threadccuuttitningg" came next; and then the " isters without portfolio?," Ministers in partihu8y of the Emperor's weakest points to try and surround hum of the openers, and the general clatter of the ; rolling-room, where thicker sheets for .various pur- will be appointed by the Emperor to defend govern-has just gone out to induce him to return to En- hiiiifcelf? The Empress is now with a cousin of her sliafts, drums, and pulleys; keep constant the sensa- ; pesee are prepared. Again the hoistJ Mr. Birley sug-gland, lest such associations and incidents should hut-band'8. who, it & true, has for the bust year ceabed tion of the earth sinking beneath you rather than of gested its use, hesitatingly, as to save labor. He knewT ment bills in'the two Chambers. [Hitherto, a mem-have a tendency to compromise his future position. all friendly intercourse with her iaipeiial relative on I* have not as yet heard whether the contractor's ac-your liking, but vary the noises an you pasb the several not the Emja'tse's experience in Pendleton. " Oh!cherish the very amiable lady who comes to her from bent of a cotton-mill. " The Emprets in a hoist," we the Empress, her ladies, and Mr., Birley, through Tcount has been paid.In English domestic politics the main topic of in- alarms and apprehensions of her splendid domestic ex- terest is the possibility of some important changes in istence here.the arrangements ot the Conservative party. A fewweeks agoLord Derby, their leader, was prostratedby the gout. Ho was, in fact, in mortal peril, andsiK'Ciilntions were rile as to the effect on the party chester; and her Mujesty still remains. at the (Queen's throstle' spun ing. Next she passed .to tne opening ca floating weights across streams. "And you make " sprung" upon the nation. Changes in the Minis-Hotel, W ith her suite. rocn:—"devil" is the common name-for those ingenious them larger, do-yon not;" asked her Majesty; " largehe leads, if his cementing and directing influence INCIDENTS OF THE7 VISIT. machiues tint frifct have to deal with the cotton from and long—pontoons lor bridges for the army ?" IfeS, tries were expected any time for the past fortnight. were to be suddenly withdrawn. It is therefore . The crowd in front of the hotel was undoubtedly the biile; .and here Her Aiajet-ty stood watcning the Mr. Birley said, that was another use to which India- These reforms in tire very nature of tbe Govern- thought necessary to make some preparations for getting impatient; and from the number of vehicles flaky, mat-s as it fell gently, bujt continuously. ?jhe rubber was converted- In the sample or pattern room, ment were not expected, aud have taken every one^transferring the lead to Mr. Disraeli, in order to necessarily stopped in Portland street and Piccadilly, a caught some in her hand; asked what it was exactly the multifarious contents of which it is not possible by surprise. No shrewdest, bo6t-informed wise- conciliate "the hostility with which that gentleman mot-t difficult "bloik" was becoming imminent. At thai the machine_ had done, and how it had done its even to indicate, the Empress and her suite were first acre of an own correspondent anticipated them is regarded by a considerable portion of Ins avowed ler.gth. about a quarter before twelve, those who. work; and she listened eagerly to the explanation* attracted by a sewing machine. After inspecting many ten days ago; no semi-official, self-degraded Grand- supporters. Mr. Disraeli has accordingly assumed lined the hotel portico took off their> hats; and this given by Mr. Armitage. Tbe process of scutching was things and a king many questions, the Empress selected guillot that did not so lately as that declare that the the reins for his chief, though avowedly only as his being a definite signal of the coining of tne Empress, next shown and explained; and then Her Majesty for purchase a super sealskin water-proof rug—color Government as it was was perfect, past hope or vicar pro tern., and at his house Huyhendon Manor, the crowd cheered heartily. Presently the Empress, stepped into an engine room, where two line ones of 90 imice, Solferino, Once more the Empress and heraccompanied by the Countess de Montebello, appeared ho; so power each, were working quietly but swiftly. .attendants kit their autographs; those of Prince Albert, need of change. The emotion of surprise, then, has been presiding over a little gathering of the Con- and Centered the first of two carriages iu waiting. Onward to the carding-room passed the Empress arid the Piince of Wales, ana Prince Napoleon being previ- mingling with, has highteued, perhaps, the feeling of servative magnates. Lord Maknesbury, Lord Salis- Her Majesty signilied her desire that the Mayor her.suite) regardless of the "nutf" with which that ouhly submitted to her Majesty's notice.^ On leaving, gratification, not to say gratitude, which these con- bury, Lord Stanley, Sir John Pakington, and Lord should follow, and Mr. Curtis accordingly took "his operation necessarily tills the atmosphere, and which the Empress said that she dad been particularly inter- cessions of the Emperor have inspired in the publicafar, and wlfp w ill try to enable her to forget the repeat. The uee of them must become fashionable !electric light. I have seen his specimens, and dis- the Museum ».nd Library builuing, where Her Majesty t-jetted various kinds of goods.. In tho course of her and her gratification at the reception which she hadJbdau Voivocina has the same desire, and Transyl- cussed the subject with him this morning, and I in- and suite alighted. She.was received by J. W . Wes- <'cnveWation, she ittjked, " How many people do you met with, and at what she had seen, was very great. from an essentially personal to a subbtantively consti-fer that Lis invention will increase tenfold the prac- ton, eKj., mayor of the borough, who with Mr. L;uig- employ V ." l,7v;0," answered .Sir Elkanaa. " Ah! She should ever look back with pleasure to her visit, tutional one. The change must come—is steadily,vania believes that the union with Hungary will guarantee her |lreedom. Bohemia, on the otner hand, and the German provinces, succumb now to the energy ol the Hungarian,character, aud observ- ing that their own press is still in fetters, whilebeyond the CarpaUnau Mountains it is as free as inEngland or America, they are beginning to oppose v<bt of Glasgow, Dr. Strang, City Chamberlain, and Among other gentlemen present were AldennejfcKuy press slowly, as if calculating; and then, With the vi- Mer Majesty dined at seven o'clock; and on her way ' Xae Government with gi cat warmth and earnest- Mr. Turner, ToWn^Clerk, waited, by appointment, ou and Willert; Mr. D. Chadwick and otner mem.Ocrs of' vacity aiid tie rich sweetness of tone so characteristic to the dining-room, she-was presented with an elegant m RS. But, while agitation makes an irresist- the Duke of Haa.il'ou, in the Queen's Hotel, where the Milford Corporation; Captain Palin, ehi-sJ-eouota- of her', walking to where the Marquis de la Grange and bououct by theyounger of Mr. Johnson's daughters—tical uses of Photography.THE EMPRESS EUGENIE IN SCOTLAND.woithy had been passed in Lower King street, by the bw. the women: how many of them?" " About 1,200 and trutted that circumstances might enable her to re- inevitably coming, with accelerating momeutum. Icortege, on their way to the Manchester.Town flail, to women and girls, and 500 men and bovs, chiefly lads," new and. prolong it on some future occasion.learn what the Euipress intended doing during the day. •was the I'tq-lv, "And what is the value of the goods you Misa Amelia Curtis, the only daughter of tbe Mayor, Both gentlemen at once retraced their' jotups; and make ina year?'' was the Emp:;ess'e uext query. was then presented to her Majesty, and her Mujesty thanks to a good cab-house and the delay at the statue, " Probably about £200,000," said Sir Elkanah. remained in conversation with Miss Curtis for somecan stave off the collision between my system and the swelling spirit of the times; but it will smash: that boy of mine and the dynastic machine all to pieces. Let us anticipate the shock. To which end let us make a constitution, aud give' France a part and interest in it that has a certain working powert'nnn L he Oiaayow Hcrala, A'oo. 2H.On Tuesday forenoon, at 11 o'clock, the Lord Pro- they airived before the Empress entered the building. " Two hundred thousand j>ounds," repeated the lim- time.of its own, and vitality independent of its official ible progress in Hungary, the students of the Empress is Btaving, and where his Grace had pre- blc, of MtmChester, &c. Colonel Fove were talking to U.eTown Clerk of a 1 hild about six years old. Her Majesty pleasantly engineer.Prague are imprisoned. Of course, such a "pol- viously arrived. It wa» originally intended that, The Empress was conducted through the building Wanchesler, she informed them, as if astonished, of ac>epttd the bouquet, and btayed for a minute or two Now is a good time to begin tho making of it.icy cannot last tor any lengta of time, and the haJf- along with tbe gentlemen we have named,! the magis- by the Mayor. They first entered the library, anu the amount in,frunce; adding to tlie Marquis de la talking with the child. Interior troubles are subdued; our exterior rela- trates of the city should be present at the presentation while here, her Majesty was asked to sign her name Grange, " Remember that; for 1 shall want to know Liverpool was not to bo vh-ited. The Empress wastncasiires of the Cabinet, the vaccillatiou of the of the addret* agreed, at the last meeting of the Town in the book of autogiaphs,-being informed that among it again." " Y«»u make it alhyourself'/" rejoined the to go direct to or on her way to London from Mau- tions are such, thanks to me and luck, that French-Lmperor, and tne violence of the Military party will Council, to be delivered to her Majesty, and with that those already inscribed were the names of tlie King of Eniprefis"; und waB answered iu the jifhrmative. Soou checter.men were never prouder of being Frenchmen than, to-day; my best enemies, the clcrico-legitiuiist party,.have pushed their extravagances so far that theyhaveforcedme,whowasusedtobetheir bestsoou lead to more serious conflicts all over the Aus- oiject they attended at the hotel; but we believe thattbe Empress quitted the factory; but not before shePortugal, Prince Albeit, and Prince Napoleou. '• Cer-trian Empire. • Before the Italian caiupaigu begins, the Empress considered that this would have made the tainly;-' replied her Mujesty, " with much pleasure. ' had warmly thanked Sir Elkanah Armitage for theTEE NATIONAL GUARD OF NEW-YOPJt. - theDuke ofHamilton presented the Lord Provost, been heartily cheered by tne work-people who Tochchtlitor of1'hehottdan Morning Chronicle.we may hear of violent measures, of str«*jt-iights, and proceedings of too formal a character. Accordingly, No other pen being at lu.nd, Mr. -Cbauwick, who had pleasure afforded her by visiting .the place, and had ol insurrections.. The dissolution of the Austrian Mr. Turner, and Dr. Strang, when the Lord Provost charge of the book, took one from his pocket, wilh thronged the yard.SIR: The enthusiastictic reception which the people trie nd, to be their enemy, and have ranged those ot the United States have given to the Prince of Wales who were used to be our couunou enemies on my side. The liberals of :ill shades are ready to join me, if I will only make for them a standing place by my side The best, ablest of the Orleaoists andU eis Of London that there is a regiment of militia in theEmpire draws near. ber'ged to congratulate her Imperial Majesty upon her which tie Empress wrote ••"Eugenie," and thenarrival in Glasgow, to which, in the name of the eit- turning to Mr. Chadwick, she said", "Pray, what is Napoleon has appointed Count Walewsfci, the izens, he wel.omed her very sincerely. The Town the day'ot the month ? I have quite forgotten." B>.iuTHEMANCHESTERFREEMBRARY.This admirable institution was next vieired; and it being about 10 minutes after 1 when the carriages re- the signatuies, "-CbntesVa di Monrcbello," "M. de crort:cd Albert.Bridge into Manchester, they were metm"ifEiongjluiesahandinaverydistinctvoire,tnh<eTownClerk Passingontothereading-i-oom, and learning its'„use, -todinncr. Somanyrushedto get-a sightof thefair a—*retired a few paces, still holding'tbe address in hishand. the Empress said: •'*• What a beautiful ro<>m; and how sovereign, that a little dihici.lty aupeaVed likely; butThe En.prese, fearing, apparently, that .he was about warm and comfortable." " To whom does the institu- this was almost wholly escaped Oy the route ljriug'-•>--•-'•' "Ul0utand to liberalism. I'll tiy them. If they will sincerely ac- appears cept the Empire, 1 will sincerely accept liberalism.They make their reserves, undoubtedly, and 1 maketo retain it, said, with a *niile, " O, don't take awaytion belong /'' added her, Majesty; arid the Mayor ex. along Gai'tside and Quay streets to the Liorary. It(the address. Pray give it me. It belongs to me.l? plained that, being run-ed- by Voluntary contributions; unfortunately hapjieneu that the Library was closed without enlisting the entliusiastic praise of all military :The par\Ln.ent whit h Mr. Turner hud unconsciously it was supported hy public rate* rubied in the borough. for the quarterly "clean;" and us Mr. Smiles, the men lor it b admirable discipline. 1 ue Seveuth regiment.Lotel door, a considerable crowd bad assembled in the and wbe advanced and examined the t^atare* wi;h Commitiee of the Council, heaid while in town vf the the oeeat'ion.my concessions that must not bt! lost.There is another side to it. Europe is- in a. par-narrow space in front of the hotel, and it became neces- interest. The Empress ai.d hei »m;* j. i^.., »uj,t«i«- prvbwbility of the establishment being visited. t He NOw, ii is suggested by Mr. Bellew that the volun- the political quid-nunea, who stand oatside the tar\ to clear the way to permit the Empress to have eively through the new and the *.4<i fptlfytbe*, *u»d |«art dieve rapidly thither; but arrived in time only to see teer* of Loudon should invite this celebrated regimentinner ring of polities, have been chiefly Occupied easy accee»> to tl;e carriage. For tlus purpose the irolicewith a French phenomenon and an Italian scan- had to use their batonr, which they did rather in the specimen, a picture, or i» •^.inj.lvol w*m e»«js*n,iJ, j>v»tot National-Guaid to! England iu the comiug Spring. lous s.tate. W e arc on the eve of a possible general It t»<e b.wer, »;r lending library, the Town Clerk,- Such an invitatiou would bo hailed with delight European.war.' In the possible menacing contin-U* tbrnag-' depart. •way-of putting ba<k the civwd thaii in striking them. ever recurring to the history o? tt*> ^auimsskm »i#& tut alt» r explaining how the lu.-.ihiuioii had been raiseddal. The graceful and good Eugenie id the French It so bappeuened that the Duke of Athol got mixed up :ii/ogrees, and animatedly ex j IttMw^ wfo- wm ;^uni h: d «a«« nulintained, mentioned that from this lioraryphenomenon, whose visit to Scotland so troubles ii» the n ass, and he must have been cmeiderably sur- learned to her attet danln. la ibw L» •%'*%, »> ##. ,4 i^,Itx people were allowed to take books to their homes;through the States, and would have the best effect in promoting a cordial friendshio between the two great Ar.glo-Saxoh nations. Indeed, no invitation that En-'plicated solidaritycourse of action 1 am to be the leader.L* 2>ord and the Indtpemiunc* Beige.*teries suggested to her discreditcredence now,but herjourneyisrighch/as-pri><ed when he got a pretty good " crack on the croon" south wing, Mr. \Vor>Lop, yjf |W••fr:$#mw. m<*ft Aft and tint although there had been more tiiau 74,000 glh-l in en could niake to Brother Jonathan would create(joint responsibilitv) in whatever And so, not to pretend to carry further the solilo-The mys-from a policeimm's baton. in extremely goedpart.of the nlu^eum projier, now •itifijtWjjj; U» «MKMSU»M». agencies of next Spring, 1 shall need the backing of the whole nation; not its blind following, but its im-learns that the Empress will stay three daysat Windsor shop, panicnErl) inquiring about tmm .h-giad VUMM taute c ath one to bi^n w ho takes out a book 7 Or how Guard of the Stales, would at the same time be aa conclusion to inaugurate his system of reforms now,, cribed to her requirement of a change, owing to before returning home, and that the Emperor will come of French origin. Alter ' quit Urn,* UJW ro-rin. hrr <o v on t ot HCCHi ity i" The Town Clerk exphiihed tho event of political importance, since it would discover catching wisely at opportunity rather than stupidlyIlis Giace took the strokeThePariscorrespondenceoftheItld&pendsmneBeige theEmpressenteredint«eotiver»dk»tt*...-(.u.Mr,WCMT7 beworth.-\01note."But,"saidtnefclhrpress.-,"you betweenthe.volunteersofEnglandandtbeNational quyofLouisNapoleou,hecametothedeterminedbind the Empress, "that makes the books freer wing door, and was boon on ner way to Pendleton,' 10 lor the-poor. It is.very good." Thoroyalifatal %icest (roj>turd," that has condemned the lag- gaid purpose of Louis Philippe, aud. Frauds 11.,Imperial Court, fatigue from Summer jourueyings; amelioration in tbe health of the Empress. Her.'Maj-perhaps, Jtlso, as is insinuated, a lofty scorn of etty, in ^pite of berextreme desiie to keep her tiicogr inspect n g atvended i.o the reference library,, the,peculiar regu- toj.ed Nc-w-loi k: " They are cue creme of society, as Time that is riding through the air—by the torelock!" a rival near the throne." The Empress is en- ntUrf has been everywhere recognized and welcomed THE Mii.r, or sru KI.KANAII ARMITAGK AND SONS. lations of thin dc];ai'i:meut were explained. VVeonly fear1 well at of corps," and•*' by the immense cheering*md with Kjntimenfe of the most respectful sympathy. At No establishment,'in this ueigiiborhoial, at lea-t is tli.t tbe'.Mayc r, uniuteinir.nallj , gave to the Empress " thi-hmiasm a blind man would be able to know thatLouis Napoleon, then, had come to the decision, a Scotch regiment marched in front of the hotel iu , a too rci-tri< ted idej of t)'e extent to which the refer- " the Seventh vveio vpproachiug tho ^ates." Creneral after grave and long interior debates in his own mind,titled, in virtues of the dignity with which she Edinburgh, tLe Provont presented an address to her, :md bcti.ei- calculated to give to a stranger to these districtsa notion 01 the cotton mtimriacture, tiitui that of Sic fch ence librarv was open to the worl wlki) she was staying, while the military band An. itai.e <fc Sons. There; niay be i-een-. weaving as '.mLas worn the Imperial crown, to recruit herstrength or solace ber feelings in comparative played the air "Keine Horteuse,'' and the crowd that well'as spihning-r-the weaving including not only grayBi r.ce taid of thorn be never saw their marching or sa- to let up the French nation. He would have had aVtClcoroe to ufce *5cotcb glens and their health-giving tjuzette.breezes; aad tbe only feeling her Visit elicits in All go*-^ip still-centers ou the Empress. It <-ertaInly yesterday. Her Majesty was received l>y WC.->KI>I.Can remain won.do, anduntil xU o'clock." Now many working 11 arc .it liboiiy 10 .ur-e the rreferenceReform Club, Nov. 28.BLANCJElAUD JEKROLD.•—'•••—*»».-.;'._lAtcraryJ huv<! the honor tolemuhi, Six. y.'.urobedient servant,b>hard to Conceive a wilder-freak, an far au uppeai*-, net*- ;.,o; »md tlie details that come over here, and eldest !.<n .being unfortunately absent at. the tune'on ay; and we moutumtueSamuel and Joseph Armitage; Sir Elkanah and h\'» library M othci limes of the ditf^ilaiity, and to *r>able her to feel at home among OOJCC ont into Paris sotiety through Belgium papers, bujiintirts, aliLoiigb both reached the mill before the i'tt'ei only because v.e bhould regret if her Majesty cOU-fceotland is the desire to offer bet agreeableait i bsaesof tbe population. rival party quitied i;,. We may SJtfely assume that Her "' -' * ' us to hours pu.t From Our Own CoiTespoutk-nt.: are enough to barrow up the outwardly decorous rh.<!t d thai li.eio Wiifl any restriction"..FRANCE.P AHIS, Nov.- 30, Ic^GO.French, and freeze the marrow iu their .bones. Tie Miije; i.y never before entered a coltdu i.:ill, aud tuat>he i.i;<>i : iiv cla.s. Thefolluwiiig worh8 were 8u'>a>ij(/ted 'i~u- Italian aeuudal which has divided attention *torv goes not alone that (as The Ti/aez. said), her : to hei' Majesty's noine ua spccitiieng Of the luo'.t) Vulu-•with her Majesty's tour, is too complicated to ewa> Majefct) left the London Bridge station IDa cab (!), h d no.very decidedidea a> to wha» such a .place WJI«*. able' boohs h, the 'reference' hbrury:l.k'. hi.e was destined to a speedy and :..iran e ac- m«niiit .Art Botta/» JMnovo,- i^ahu' Griiner 8 OrilH- Lie me to {pvts you tbe details in any reasonable tut thai in that identical vehicle her ?.Jnjestv had to qi.ah'turot; wilh, .one of its moat singular : 8 Pompeii, and att>itrptm, X will only give you, therefore, their sub-hili: Her >Iaje«ty was;passing through- the 'lodge*'levoci to have been printed about 1588. The Empress againMauc, wthe briilbrtfypnwwbw.env f• ' " * ' . - • • • • *White JGu-]penU'* V slii.AI j Ilishofef.'1, :ij 'L' v in*1Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069added her-- *"*-i-.-*written out from the Emperor's dictation hi Cab-il'Ct Council on tin 23d Kovembbr. It i", per- S-..J ,.ftdrive half over London before she found suitable qtnir-ter-i." :•. i,'"c-l. All tl.-i? is comuisnte/J on io tbe tone | fm8:b'Jo&'cHHpeetri. black letter copy of" Chancer, be!.J.script, thus indigest ama imperfectlyedited, waa'and by .those who followed it wa-< supposed that t ho India-Rubier Works were :to be virited imoiediately. But Cambridge street was missed, and so was a turn- ing -which would have led toward Messrs. Hoyle's.Printworks, May field, London Road, which had also been named as a place of call. So the gallery for rifle practice belonging to Mr. Joseph Whitworth, atght; add the whirl ..'cated action of the cutters by which this was.ef- the Debuts fill deep in the month of June.] " Min-ber of the Council of State was sent in to explain, poiitieal grounds, but who will.kindly receive and floors; ihat will be BOniethiug hke a first ride in .the yes, certainly," was the instant rejly; so up mounted and defend tire bills.]which she bad alighted, they found Her Majesty;1>ok- how what looked like a round bread tray with a rim ters of Government in the Chambers as debaters— , The Empress of the French spent yesterday in Man- ing \ery happy and very much interested, in watching might be inflated, and so be made useful lor saving life these are the grave reforms which Napoleon haslooks promising. In the opposition camp, at the was the rush of hundreds after the carriage, as >itReform Club, where they look upon him as "the length, getting somewhat clear, it wi.s driven rapidly" Conservative difficulty," they are praying for his down Piccadilly. Cheer followed cheer, and the Em pen tin this room,'a great knot of little urchins—lads up the tteps. When the royal party had entered the elevation. press, who looked pleaaedly excited, frequently bowedol meeting, and a semblance of a representation—, these the iiiiristt rs believed should satisfy the Hungarian?, and even produce a revival of tne old loyalty. But this plan has failed completely. The concessions given by the imperial decree of the !*0th of October, were certainhy accepted by the Hungarians, but only as an installment, and as a means of organizing an opposition which even at the present moment bears already the character of a re-volution.TheImperialdiplomareestablishedthePurhestotellherthatinaweekheexpectstore-Mayor,a*kiugquestonsaboutbuildings,&c,thatplay;buttheylookedjellyandhappy.Theymustiifulwarehouse Constitution as it was before fJrf-l'd, curtailing, how- cover her husband. But, nevertheless, apprehen-Considerable anxiety is felt as to the fate of the er acknowledgmeirtls.an ardent aconcluded r reIt in wo -h persist in w idea is to v.taut,airdiI champions ofI a personalEmpress, takJ change of fu Banker Eouii The Ministry formed for 1'r re-absorbedit colonies, ' i o j transferred 11 of Chancel.'c/r| perial vicegei will hiid hin.sfl again by-mi'ht the French . vl of thr world id in certain ma that their A:gJ of the* Minieteithought to be to send \ ou re Having sign the Emperoi Idays shootit X leaving Fun-- jPapillon j^tbe 'grand op*-»a; ) .gularly graeeii Liony, the atr peror was u> a the Liony—'.c her ustounuiu divine gyuma.' the Liony wascarrying out u«j •same?, was app jMiiial more cr Aa order. Peo him to dacce it sensible of the)T B E EMPER< • The follow ngMoniteur'.Betiritig to &' moreoileel par Government, an decree:AMICLK 1. Thdt uuiiij vot« aii .tuUtthe- Ctt&ujbtrx.AKI. 'I. 'J U1.1 »iid.Cwv««niuicnt C<-J..u. c«?««iiry eaj'tai-uaotALT. :t In or.i^r 1 -, pre^Aioa ol iu v, a «>iicifc<* of tn«...1* >lllXct Z2, Ibi'V, l» yt U.tiv<: bv<ly >« ju..au IV.'U ! '!.»• dtotlilrUI •'< tlie rickidebl, id LHIOU. MMdubltMi 1 - -JH opfupo ou rLr \>i< • «•»•!« '.dfcC I--O.T li- : - t-o projtscu 01 u» -!ALT. 4. In utCf. I the iyvntitf auo U>»- L i..r projeciol •» i i»u '•'i'lle• import* <>r t:.< Bo<l>, di^v. u uu k»»Ity. ci cli«. 1'iv.iu, uk iujt to cl«? joon.j.* r-i vrt<-u lu *lio.! c.jciiri.:.! Ol tho fuito>.A . . . . .'>. t / u . i u . .a«tci» v% Uhout pori'^^ vitii tho rtcaideui * ttXJjocOi o! law ol '.1.1^hT (>. '1 Lo A;;:;* jTiuicdouou:t>jo»...at AhT 7. 'lUf >iH.!»4 Hie tulaanl>trati<:.««1 tJl«' JVianyo. '- A.iT. it. i>«j>-ie«w w•iiuctiou vl' tht>• p< -uitiai>wti itoui i •• Atti'iit; the lUjtottiouji <Akv. H..'XOe >. «: <6f Agrte-uiturv, C> u Ui«* tviuclioiih 01 ti. —*li>'« decree !i«» o Mluirten ot l\u.:. riiii. <".AM. 10. .'... CL'^M ami Coloulkl Mitii-t'«fi AM. 11. M*i»U: 1«':&] ut' Atjit«rt:i.AKT. IZ. Aaiui ul 1 c«*llL'r of ih«> Lv^iyti 0 vbi« f. U not- iiu<-\ U$ $.»! d.o «i>f\iat e»t<>t> Uoi" tU« JJiui«<iy i>tA«cv. i">. ike Ai:i.n irv-iili... ut Ol til.- .V»^i Coined of fliuii>t<i Sut«.ART. 14. Our .Ni i:.u ct tins p:t-* ut dv tiM> Lone-rtt tht-'IV*.^ Jk*»ov. -•*. ltJeo. \;A. W.vi i.\v>m.SIOKr; . III. , t R Marion.arrived >J eleven bte'-ort- ••:••KEEL PARK—THE MUSEUM ANO LIBRARY.Englishmen—Mr. Paries, Mr. Bowlby, the corre- So utterly miexpeeted was the vnit of the EmpreBS, only natural, but inevitable, with such a visitor. Theyspondent of The Times, <fcc.—who have fallen into that there \v as sonie little delay while the gates of the did cheer, and the Empress bowfed and laughed, andthe hands of the Chinese. 1 know from private sources X i; tbiia Arch were being thrown' open. Her Majesty w».s plainly delighted. They were dirty, some of thosethat Lord Elgin has considerately written to Mrs. had, during the drive, constantly couverged witu the ciiildn n, aKfcll children will be at work, and most at yourthe Moniteur needed to come out in a note assuring the public that the interpretation that ninety-nine out of a hundred of its readers had given to article 8,sion prevails in military and naval circles amongRhe may have heard or read it was; and the children, tonishment at the "beauty of the interior, the loftinessthat the arch under Which she was about to pass, although long at work that day, and having longer to of tbe rooms, and the immense variety aud great beau- (ne toucltent pas directement) public education or named after the t^ueen of England, had been erected Work, wanted only a wash and a " butty," a» they. ty of the stock. A third time—the'boh>t! Now, the special institutions of the University, are trans-out of the spontaneously -offered pence and bhillings of would phrase it, to be fre*h for fun or midchief, andim Ler Alajefety, and her ladies, went with Sir ferred to the Ministry of State. Whereat my. pen- working-men, to commemorate the..visit of their Queeu James from the first floor to the top one, or sixth; and sive public say, then all this church business, get- to one of the parks for her people in tins neighborhood. gcodaverage specimens <f chihihood as could be found after going into the very tasteful mantle department,On your side of the water, you are much in- terested in everything that regards the Puritan o.ui.i.ersofjourEepublic,anddoubtlessyouare h>iz.ili^r with the recent works by Mr. John Forsfcer ok tbr grand remonstrance of lt>4J, and Charles'sNoble's btautiful marble statue of Victoria I. conducted down to the weaving sheds, having on the Of.the stock upon dinereut stones. Mr. anu Mrs. Jas. strictly observant of tbe 'ordinary rules of interpre- 1 he foreign officials are still in the country, but m w to you, for it would be hew to most people in of England. There, legible enough, was the inocrhj- way to pass through the rnechdnicb' shop.. Here Sir Carlton (the latter Sir James's daughter) had the honor tation in coming to this conclusion ? Not at all,nobody obeys their behests, nobody pays taxes, and London, that the writer of a remarkable review of lion announcing that the statue commemorated Flkai'ah Aruriiiige/was introduced; and he had t!ie of an introduction. Her Majerty purchased a fine says the Moniteur.at'emvteu seizure of the five members. 'It will bewould hardly stand the test of the question; which Eugenie of France—she was not &•then—would have they had practically to resolve. The simple truth incted been a fine study aa she listened to the full burstle and au- Queen's Hotel.. Her Majesty reached there'between a partisans, he has an interest superior to etty and quarter and twenty minutes after 3 o'clock. andAnd there was to follow 'another memento of our anywhere among a working population'.her Majetty btcod for a minute or two lookiug down ting latterly to be singularly important in politicalQuestions and explanations again; for the Empress isevidently "thorough" in what she undertakes. At one keeping a few felt of space for the Empress's passage of November 24, entire. Your readers will doubt-Thev*aiio'u8.processes,orall'the'importantones,con- HC ted with the opening, cleaning, and spinning of cot-respects,istocomeunderDiecontrolofthe Min-t^ucen,whichaltohaditsowntuievi'apeople'sloveto tell. Sweeping along the drive to the left,the Empress's carriage was stopped in front ol Um had now been ehown'to her Majesty; so sue was backed up by the bright rich colors adoi'ded by glimpses clerk of bis Majesty. W a s not the pensive publicge, mdeed i" biyf<itne ladies of the suite-were THE ADDRESS. theirs iu the preservation of. selfis this, they could not trust the King; and the from children all but too excited to siug, and so mak- called, then the gentlemen; and (ia French, as The address was road by the Town Clerk, who sub- dynasty..' He is by nature very foresighted. He saw- answer to Sir Lytton Bulwer is clear—they were ing their song the more thiillingly beautiful. Tito tbrbuubcut) the Empress repeated all Sir Elkanah had sequently handed it to ner Majesty, remarking that as clearly as your subscribers in Wisconsin that obliged to go for more than was kept to keep what Empress must have pictured the delight oi such a told her about tbe weaving frames, their operations, behopecikc might be allowed to forward through the governmental things could not always last as they was already won. This simple truth might be made scene; for she exclaimed, '' Eighty thousand! What a and powers. Pasting into tlie weaving »hed, the j Embassy a copy of the address properly engraved, and were ten days ago, although they might very possibly the text of better history than Sir Bulwer Lytton's. sight! It must have been great—grand iudeed!" ' EinpreeB examined oi;e of. the frames minutely, and altogether in such a form aa would make it more outlast his time—if he did not outlive his physical, Among great scientific inventions, great interest Her Mujesty alto expressed her sense of the beauty of after stopping for. a moment to watch the mauufac- worthy of so distinguished a recipient. and intellectual forces. But his boy, even should he is felt by practical photographers in the rapid powers the statue as a likeness and a work of art. ture of ginghiaiifi and cheeks, her Majesty was The Empressj in reply, said that she had felt much inherit his father's ability, could not inherit bisThe carriages now patoed on to the old entrance to concluded to the warehouse, where sue iu- j leasure in paying a visit to the City of Alauchof production .obtainable by means of Prof. Way's j tonsure m paying a visit to the City of Manchester, prestige, Then it was needful to change the systemmuch difficulty in opening away for the carriages aud You will, doubtless, publish the text of the decreeless be impressed and puzzled with tbe variety of bled " t''*ee t' C^ueen," as one of them said. Wheti tboee who were, bound to get in by some means, found its subjects and the want of clearness in its word- they had seen, of course, they must cheer—it was not that they had to fight desperately before they could ing. Within forty-eight hours of its publication,and lamw, "half-timers" many of them—had assem-warehouse, there wan no controlling the crowd; andr^aiithe"well,"extendingtothegroundfloor—adepthof about ninety feet, with five rows of gaslights showing,ister of State,' who is pur excellence the confidentialing their appearance when the l'rince of Wales en- and 1- nmcis Joseph. Take time—the Spirit of the'lutiiig excelled.I niay i,0.d that: www.fultonhistory.com I-IIIHIM