 teM%*i«rs t«»M|l*M* ilfjp: IBK «l|li*t» (DfM••••taa for hra Dta-generally aftur hoars' aad-^*^-tkt-General and of the Sardinian ^disgustedwithpoliticians,—buthe.aMM-ar Oanii.mostkindaofOilsandNavalStoreswasrestricted.waa acun being Agitated—the linut ofUpon the very middle ofremaining,bonus as the condition of his re- thmgto no-^Pf^^S?&f!^l^?^'''^^^'^^^'^^?^^^FW^^''f^W^^f^^'^^^",'m^!^mi^mUf;^wUeh earned ftr Cal. SfaknT, At Anctmi Jon of pioUs benedictions and gUtti"M-L%*U(S----'L_- u, .^^J,i <MHJ.MiJM.>.Ji^l.i.^uiiJ^4KiMMIRi|l|^niilltiwfcrTwriPMnw XwlPfHlwfidie QraSid remaned that'it waaInqiMt, Jja^ the inteieat of 0«t own hiatodoal fM^'i i » i i'-mm-<numbereverknownin tjis^tae ot inithatit^MWiK^tf mlf u« WMir time, in the annala of thq Gooit. In an mdiiect name, to aattctyte, «yr-n*Btmi-WmO,IftarwrMifl HMMC. Piloa, to IsmtltblrtaiadTaaea.Papalsteady demand, and prices improved on most of rant the belief that, when defeated at all, La- Union was openly meaaced. He took sub-Nav-fockatr." Bta tUmstantially the same ground with Hewbt Wih-TERt&nti xunra tmutRK-Amia aw>m.Jiazards to theBABKlhrs MUSKITM—Altaraoea and KnniiifT^o- ma^jo ai»B«nna».PAUU^S 6ABDKN9—Aiani<uK IsiTrron Fak. QOUT fe CAJIFBKLL'S, Rlblo'f Saloon-^IHionAalearn, advancing in an almost direct line south- at steady figures. Nothing really new in other ward, occupied Perugia, which cuts off theMIUZrSR>KT-lla.lK-WBnMri na* ttiunr w On Puanaaa.speech and importance.specialof aa HibetniaB liia elderly puthand onjority, and tbe whole RepnUicaii ticket. Democracy fused for tae occasion.The eafte•Mnaft>rTntDouAM;na lesa than (UrfV' The Judge, m his chaqialopronouncea sentence which it becomeajak.TliaadrieeabytheGUugou,whosearrivaloffwuch the Govenunent exchanged foreign coin this intoJapanesehavingexpired. Thevaluesetonproud1^—«Weather at Boston.BosioH, Monday, Oct 1.BDyalyai*^..Boik JOHR M. Botts made an address, last even-formereven to a conventional and somewhat re-singlewordoftruth. TheysresoutterlySraBtiif*Datis, of Baltimore,—declaring himselfwas dull at Sogar SXreals.The week's '.exyonrhighest im- The Baidinian invasion of the Pontificalarms of the populations of the Abruzzi and thefrontiers of the Italianized Kingdom of Naples.City moneyOrion,werearraignedto the V. S.Court this morning,.ton Ao_nportwM,^ m&ijIf, after fearful hesitation, Is aboot la 1 the Barmdan appear., safe and.sount-oftheM ?a^tiSf printed.^_neutraUzedil. M.l!« jUartmISM* tapJeaUJB tlw Cont of Oyar and Tennibai, which yjm^:fvUng passion of hiswasbyends in an unsullied prospect of perpetual fc-wiai<Utea~t^tte'Klh 'tt«.^!aaM»tadiiL toathsin reference to the great increase in the nuiiiHr or fttal caaea of hcmlekle which have occurred ^hn^usual other men.ways Future-.«na «•(>>welcome the iI^teUigence whirfi- yesterday reached us of the defeat of the free Captain,Lavohohbi, by the ^avenging army of Iforth-HoRCUH,theCaptain,andBrsos T.;Cai>« Bace is announced, are of thejwrtauce.Bominioia is already completely successinl, and men's ancient faith in a Providence which Wherever then and under whatever circum- tin object for which Yictob Ekutvil drew the discerns the just from the unjust, and bids the stances the defeat of this ruined adventurersword has been achieved. Gen. LAHOBiointK'aband of mercenaries have been defeated, with se-.van. loss. The telegram does not mention thehas discontinued all of defiositsem Italy. In the one case, as in the other,Bank as the for all deposit•• t.1ismecisive, ^ ,.itvhe endJ come „ uppermost,havetalcen .^ , .nesses, the P^uro the.Orion off having capturedyrISigrant^blood-guiltiness,unparal- ;—as the condition of his or a simply worded, and not at all ornate differingThe residence of JahesCurtis,village, Insured... --= the hands of the pxitection, as an American citiaen, , ya&mMh..laldonthe t^ble, aaditwa* oiraaM SmnUionsficm HolyFaftifc^aMliIdhave beensaved with the resit ;but thai.tjmA it was to train this army to this AitftoA-Lamobicibrz,onlriinmedWebaaiDaae traaarctad waa Hiet, m- 4nned the Papal uniform and receives tke ^otters was at (he last denied to him. -poison havingbeenm^'t^ Gen.yeataday.for the fiiat tlmeln tteeamantti%« gsacies in his domestic fortune, deliberalfiy Juki the mercy which he so often refused to vnanneUng of a Grand Inquaat, and the c»Ulng» *;We think of the Pope as a teapo--<::''^The audience were apparently satisfied wlth,the flat, the scenery and the acting. These are attiaa- tt»* enoug'h, certainly, and the play deserves to has*A special featoie, howereT.wafrTlte' I^ial pay.charge of Judge ImxAHAll to the Orand Io#K' ifl prince, and hastily class this passagePetitJury.atOf other moa- --.JpBNrchs and ofeven more than wa atated yesterday, Miag. will think of him as a spiritual bishop,ing the three montba'lntanralalhidad to.TbwMB;apee«h<«t Ma^Uoh~^ SeaajgietA a^tibaCi^aUvepubUcbeginto lose faith inhtr. Lat poa-J>qr^m r mtnwmtfMt- largeat spactfNnBicj^hemieh^hoaretat »» lowwtrtifc nittfc aiad—n manner he taftrred to* canse of the increase to the altenikms made in the Criminal Code, witbhighprices_WBtnilS FOB OAUrOUnAla pabDAad MTebmice to capital punishment, by the late Legis-auCBUbanjh are stfll ta-nmeii%k' Biit theporitioMiiOKici£SE must have been defeated very se- verely. It is diflScuU at-least to sec what es- cape he could hope for firom the triangle at the"Vvm CtMtoaalt t* Plttshwah-IaeUmts mt Ike Trip miwaliailBMa at Daytni mmi C»l—ihaa Arrivl aad B«eeylt*B at Plttshush.SpMlal aiafluh to tha SawTstk TIbm. " PmsBAaoB, Hondar, Oot i.T^reis no news ofIdU»r tnm Bnaaa.——-« ABMtM*ubeaHnw*«a«k>"PabUAenSlW flie-aliareaonthedealbigsofthedayatvrfiich this decisive battle was fought, liken his career of consistent devotion to ideas on the North and East, and those of Garibaldi sonally responsibleMonday,Oct. I. Tybeeofis to be credited, as the safety of to their own and will. army occupationfarewell,(«Dce scarcelyBis Holinesa. and of the city of Borne, have beenMriemnly guaranteed botii by France and Sardinia.OabiSALSI waa engaged at Naples in organizingHI Italian army. It is reported that the Liberatorwas on the eve of starting for Venetia, and that lic, law and of the reiterated protests of hisQen. Sonou would Ihke the command of the, terrified disciples. He was bent upon malung has opened with several unusual incidents. demand. fEfae4u:t tkat.^^h^^'MayBr h«»^ ^_^_hisabsence. Themiscellaneousin- AmericahisownUtopia andtramp- OfthesethepresenceoftheDistrict-Spanish ; Attorney, .jto aiteOtLi demaaff^^or 'Mr. ?latt pfbV^^thatka4:1tMraky,'tittwaaaiainfiM. :noriaMahoatet, gi^atlyabound. ThenumberofindictmentsAStranoeBumor. Itis infinan- reportedThePrtaceaf'WalesBall.•0»t.L»niMrmSiaafmnit of M^at wUek'^ins A^'lnvisa coQiaurthattheDirectorsofoneourBanks attempted, yesterday, to remove one of AOADEMT, AO.Hon. Datid D. 'Waocheb, a wealthy citixen andWaleir undertookforce his own theories ofToxst, involving property, rendered a verdict for'tw.socialto andreasondid not pay interest on the City money—a surprised»MiemagnificenceoftheStaleHouseandto j|oarace inJndicialThe quarterly term of the Oyer and Terminer make, and which the Mayor had no rightof theed.Nxwiax, N. J.. Monday, Oct 1.foreignspiteSophistry,which Mr. Stout had notheTbe approach to.FUtsbi^h was greeted joyfullyregenerationpolitical progress upon alike of the world's pub-,A Bra Barglarpassions, purposesand the acceptthe mostwho.have possessed the et^th since the days ofof Ju rr so dg -gSiAHAM, eqiecUByrival with the usual cheering and shouts, while a finebytheaaoch ^rit as relates to the. beavy criounalwhen the a9°air8 of the Artisans' Bank shallbe more thoroughly exposed. playedthose taatJwM^.wtendato-»»' .h»fi3l!^edje|l]BaJa-eisat,Boi^audOld^orthBieB,iirt)din, Indt in bis own black ship and his for murder, either already found or likely to be cial circlesarrogant iiiiiliMjMliiaiiBp^lechargeband — Queen.""Hail Columbto"and" God Save thesalary, Inorabak, and not very largeJudgeJustice proceeds to reflect on the actionwiAin three months, though a temporary briskness morality of politics, this man, a Frencliman the increase.the Walker's dreams. treatyfrom the receivedcircles, one would tovite liIs friend to a party, in- deed, the gentlemen of the Committee declare tliat thewas burned last Loss night(5,000.Ife reign with theannioniata. Hethings^ really, if she does not soon attempt them, the ep-wlUoskBre Tan Tatlos's saw eomady, as soon asof th»The Stock Haftet yesterday opened with a armies at the latest previous advices, war- should not stand idle when the safety of theatCentral closed 01, Erie 4H- 3%^ Bank return shows a gtbt ol $1,188,000 on the Specie line, and a cur- taUmmt of $963,0(10 in Loans and Discounts. Ex-latureAllwny.change is lower, 109^®} on London.'With large arrivals Flour and Wheat opened apexfor Bell and bat BmmrSpecial traina werethis point far the ifrlnoe and suite. They wfshed tbeSaperinteadoit to agree net to enter Am reyal «ar,at lower The news by the Gla*-with thebehind him,unless Austria, marilypri- HisheaVnygow encooracpea buyera purchasefreedom, and helHers were enabled to tecover some of their lost ground before the final adjourmnentAdriaticthrough the naval interventionprices. to with moreofof an Austrian intcrventioBA just now theandT review of thetheirdeffeat.:Thevana dates of the srth iasf.The aaws is oidmportaatof which he had fixed himself,opposed and anxiousop ir,$0(iib(izn.,TheBoardhavenotdecidedasits actual value. Trade had tallen off considerably flashed far and wide over Europe the modern the last Legislature, as the probable cause of which horn of this very unpleasant dilemma ball is designed to be nothing more than a private en-the Mexican dollar was twenty-five per cent, below alter the lightofrevolutionaryFrancehadof signing.it will be advisable to accept.yetwaa caused by the presence of the British andFrench naval forces m the waters. Some three bom, a republican Frenchman by profession Tliere is much of criminttlity, no one denies,vate gentleman, tendered him by private citizens. ness tias formed. .pressedstrongm aMore Sonthem IJnioaism.-he to attempt a retreat in that direction,would bygivenwaiting, ^ ^ , , .^ x -^ ^ „ j . .moneyshim as Chamberlain. Whether he has with- dratcn fn^ the Artisans' all the money in-Other ladies followed suit, and when the of ffie British steamer Plutt, to attendthe trial as wit-may'fortified. For, wlule it would he a have resulted in putting the Pope and his Cardithe-nghtsingularlycruel wrong to the dead Captain at Truxillo toheCoastefAfrica,with600The Crev^ afthe Skip EvellBe.houlidj ^b„eit ifatall place, must, dr.ars moved off the Prtoce held to his ^hands four1Iibylifedeath, |rf vr^^a frfatheUnion in casetor lh» any coBsequenoe trom th*Amnscments.thoT"""^ horses had been purchased from the Jap- of faith, trained from his^outh up among the with which a portion of the last Legislature The Opera is not, perhaps, demol'ished, but it is There will be no national flags or emblems among Nen-Arrlval of the Narth Aowrleaa.There will be notUng national or municipal about It.anese Government, and were being transported to " thinking bayonets" of the first ofcontinental was fairly chargeable. If a stern cfensorship like the German" Empire, " In process of develop- the decorations of the Academy. Collections of flow- Fathik Poist, Monday, Oct. 1—11 P. M.Minor Botts ^miffinia agaiaaf gw^Mgaaki{3acebat, jodging by the events which inmiediately pre- which, however mistaken, wereceded it, there is scarcely any loam Jo doubt that and were home witness to with un- College but half so wise as it is wealthy, its0^ CUkUiHi and his Sardinians, aided by the own, members would advise their unhappy Chief atlata JleapoUtan float, defeated Lakobioisbb at wavering constancy in his life and in his death, once of the simple truth, that he could nofbe that the Bank of which he is President is not The scene of the day occunred at Columbus, where picked up by the bark X>a<ly Macnut, and landed athe had fortified hiihself. Perugia, - 'a safe custodianThe the tratohad 1)een sent to the d^pot for tlie occasion by Gov.Ancona,jrhere^oletto, and other places, had previouslyfallen into the hands of the Sardinians.A rumor, which reqmres confirmation, lars, were aa one in their insolent and reck- was current that the Pope had fled. This inteUi- less disregard of all considerations aliena more honorable or a safersolidlyto the adventures of a disappointed, factionsBank, we must look upon this step as indicating his convictionShip Eveline,still Walker and La- HORiciESE, differing in so many other particu-position foranddesperate renegade,AmericanConsul at Teneiiffe.his on the South and West. Were the,Sacredand pototed out to (he Prtoce the fine cattle, the beau- tiful groves with their changtog foliage, and the fre- quent fields of com, acres to extent.with fifteen of the crew of the AmericanwMeh vessel' foundered at sea on the 28th of JtUy last Tbey were out eight days to boats, when they werean affectionate courage and with hope.commentaryfor that removal was that Mr. Stout ladles of the Seminary. The Duke of Newcastle waswhose ilriclaanittSS^ calendarwhereinhoE&icide doesKing certainly veryageathe seat of war in China. The 'news of the arrivalEmbassy in Washington had not nations,The Pony Express, at St. Joseph's, brings intel- ile, to strengthen every noljier instinct of his ample of melancholy profligacy presented by " domestic" house of the season perversely went the balconies, embrace the statuesque pillars, and A Nair from the Special Cerrespendent afof theyet been received. chastening and elevating opportunities of ex-pointedlongwhat it shall become. Laat night, by arranged here and there wherever It seems adrisable now due witli Liverpool dates vii Londonderry of the a curious freak of fortune, the most fashionable ani to place them ; and floral festoons will depend from 22d September.Japaneseclearly appearand favored Heaven with all the bad bything seriously for music, will take thought to itself as doilai per bushel, though the nominal price in English Clive of 1780, and the Spanish Cor- say that not one of the malefactors to be tried to the possibility of " ending all this."trade was higher. A consideratile amount of grain tez of 1520. We are fiilly disposed to do allwas b^ng transported, on speculation, to Pike's knows anything of modificationsmade in the —Beappeabance o» Miss Winter GardenAFFATBS A-T THH NATIONAL CAPITA!-.Peak. The agricultural societies throughout the becoming justice on ourselves, and to accept former statutesold still Cbabxottx Cosbmas.—Last evening, tlie greatest planleagues; Territory, were making {Heparations for holding our fitting share of the contrition thus lib- whichtheir annual fairs, at which prizes were to be existing, bylegitimate mostly spent in Europe, made her reappearance In the Canference af American iMlnlaters In generally, from receivtag any facilities from toe au- ^hanging given for superiority in the various branches. The erally meted out to us, even though result of his offence.United States, at tl Js theatre. The night, owing to Gen.Hamcy—EntertainsneBt of toorities. On the Royal journey to Niagara, wten these two iiuilviduals came toto direct collision wltomix% were to be generally followed by horse races, we cannot choose but recognize in theIt is difficult, therefore, to see what con- the rain, was unpropitious the character wlilch she Enrope—&:c.WASHiiroros, Monday, Oct. 1.and plowing and shooting matches. Judge Flan-IKUi was going to Carson Valley, to make an at-tempt to supersede Judge Cbadlebacob, who was spiritual guideagrowing more and more obnoxious to the Hor- spirit which was once rebuked in Palestine;theFriDce>whether Cba- DLsaAUOB would qiuetly consent to be supersededstandingto eachother in the relation of causeand still, In the part of Mrs. Halter, inthe Government of to which Minister CBAirD-' mans. Itwasaquestion,however,—Ill whichdistinctlytoe Prtoce's journey from Hamilton, to have forced myself toto the Directors' car, and to toenm Crora De- troit to Chicago, to have tried to enter the Koyal trato andbeenorderedoff.another Utah aSriis would arise.into that countryeaae,pretty complicationThe Prince of Wales and ' aoite last evening teafcbed Pittsba];|h, having left Cincinnati in the lanidBf. The tme of ma deiwrtnre was not knownr-consequently there was no demonstration on the occasion. Atman, and to the actressthat it shouldand Colnmbos, how- aver, crowds were collected, who ^received theDaytonthe BKiunfain was illununated. Thethe route of the road was much admiredplace. part duty Judgetheirsmiles and greetings. Since her last appearance. nection, that they were to determtoe the policy to besilence and to pledge my honor publicly that to all toese statements, from first to last toere is not onecountry alongand of children, at theto their old and welcome favorite, withani cert^unly toe statement, to the same con- adopted by the United States to the present politicalbythebiddingpriest,presiding on the Bench, to criticise the meritplauseMiss CcBHMAii has lost none of hertogton,evangelicalardor of our some faintself-constitutednection there is between the facts which the Judge would obviously have regarded aschose for the occasionis notpopular,(for Germansome members of toe Canadian Government I,u hundred miles away at toe thne, am de-ing, at BiclMnond, before an audience of four orfive thoosand people, in which he rebuked the ad-vocates of M*"nitm in the most decided terras. of the attitude assumed before Christendom domain of the politician.positionmalice.I liave been employed to many parts of the world laTheh6> declared, to be the leopeninj; of the Slave- Austro-Bavarian levies is now anuuunced toobjectcharacters call for no special remark, The same play will be repeated to-night, and to-morrowtrade. Mr. BoTTS, though preferrmg the electionWalexb'b ScRHEKD«B.-«-We havo received, other,eeas of Mr. Lincolh as anything but a calamity which would call for a disruption of the Confeder- acy. A very full abstract of his address will befooDd In another oolumn.which this attitude has been intrenched still the of the Walker capturehave prestige enough to dazzle many men, and flight from Truxillo. Theafter the which pur-tragedy of " Fazio."Laura Keesk's Theatre.—A new tlu-feethe acter.which is merely temporary to its char-of Bnrllsh journalism here, should have been seleetMaecewdbki to ovW wonaa in tbe C»ywhovrishesei-be.devise any more hideous contradiction betweenfree. x •On the day of their wedding, while they are stayingat an ton, Wanin-arrives. HomeetsAUten,and ancewiththeoilglnaldesign,viz.: avoldtog,asfaras grown. Whileweareboundtoassume,tlierefota, .JoHicB. attheCocmerInstitutelaateven- Ootr^,self-styledVicarofChristbegs money from the officer was responsible for his safety- Bev. Th«o. L."""'""a' the audience snnendeiA themselvesIt Is that the Baron will expectedaUtementa, we accept the denials ofidv^*ste«'*•*T«n»P«"»<=" populationofChristianmenandwomen.Tet fusedtheconditionsofsurrenderofferedhim falls,son.' Appeartmcesstrongly potot to AUeen, his witli the members of the Cabinet and Diplomatic anything should have appearedCtlTiiB. The "'* "^^ °* *"buOdina was filled,act, the health of Baradan rapidlyand lie seems to be dying by slow' poi- dtoe on Thtirsday with toe Presldant to con^any ctmclnsive, and can only expressinluenclof Uqnor, whSS th^rqu«r?nJ"'^*'. *t' struck him on the temple w^?"'^"^, ?Pd »^» such force as to shiver the glaw cuSinT^^' r'"*from the Papal States; it is not even anhelpedcapture Walker,(Mr."u»aoa,>thedo so. to cure the mysterious ailment, and while so engaged mmttoeir appropriate he«ltogs.Ba^t.hi. death.' Se'Attheineetinaof the Board of Aldermen last withthe prejudices of the peasantry, superstitiousa^j^uscanstog•veoisib Wood tb« OTdiaaiy routinenpJThethe absence orthe Saviour of men than pleads to Heaven when the is no basis for the supposition that the Britishthe becomeaonly'rescuedhand, and, as a mark of her gratitude,goodbitterlylament that Americaproposition is half confessed, by the furtherbe so. veteransofthedrama,thosethettie fore-genuine vileness When he goes beyond this, he enters upon the of the followers of Mr. BaKOKntanioi, by the enndottiere whose overthrow with hisspecific accuracy uponglimmer..,revolutionarygontf dead out," as CAsivts would say, tiiese many mteresl to official quarters. Notwltlislandtog tbat same violent repulse, on toat occasion, which toey al-of asenthnentalism, and especially that of Kotzsbdi, has The "events in Italy excite much tooughscribed as beijig present, and as having met with toeto aofficial delinquencies as originating in the ex-ligence from San Francisco to Sept. 19. Busmeas nature, deliberately sells his sword, his per- that body, none would be found to question through the rain to hear the " Sicilian Vespers," and cltog round the wtodows of the proscenium traxes.the I-andan Timea.continued much the same as at the date of previ-ous advices. Nothing of special importance was son, his military skill, into the service of a the derivation. But that any measure or three nights more," and on one of those, Wednesday, are any, they will be exceedingly plato. The endeavor 7b the Editor of the New-York Tmeeoccurring in Califomla. In Oregon, from which vulgar tjrranny, 'makes himself the drill-ser- law enacted last winter has been thus to wit, for the first time, In " La Traviala." All this will be to make the occasion one ofjeal enjoyment to As a brother journalist and as a stranger hav-State we have intelligence to the llth, a canse ofof a Government of Cardinals, and un- dertakes to educate a horde t>f mercenaries to cuouswhoand thethat a combination had been, made between the that for which his own French fathers premely indifferent, we assure them, to the public, tmtrammeled to bis choice of partners. If Miss Hia tion, I beg to claim the tosertion of this letter Douglas men and the Bepublicans to elect Messrs. doing sumption of a certain degree of partisan spirit, which only feels that it knows not what to depend on aiiT Lanx accepts the tovltation about to be dispatched For some cause or other, which I am totally igin>- Qalsib and Nbsiiitb^ the United States Senate, slew the salaried Swiss of Louis XVI. in the as affecting the views of the utterej. Judge at the Academy. to her, he wiU have her hand for the first set It is not rant of, 1 have tocurred the animosity of two persons- six of the Breckinridge Senators Iwlted, and ab- courts and galleries of the Tuileries, as the Ingraham, by implication, indicates the act of However, we are promised the satisfaction of hear- decided who will first dance with him if she does not toe todl\1dusl who has the honor of repijeseiittog sconded from the capiiol, thus leaving the Senate office of the volunteer, domestic spy is more last session, which restricted the death pen- ing the ripest tenor voice now on the stage on Wed- There will be two full bands, each of SO periormers, your own journal during toe, Prince of Wales' Qro* widioat a sufficient numtier for the transaction of nesday, and even if we must listen at the same time to in the danctog-room, which wlU play alternately. Mr. gress, and one of the persons who acts to toe saaa business. contemptible than that of the official detec- alty and left the dirty of fixing the time of the the Gfrmoiirof Firbi, we shall be glad to be favored Noil will lead the one, and Mr. GiArnLiA, of the capacity for the New-Teik Herald, Had to^ enmi^Utah advices, from our correspondent at Great tive. We Americans havr been bidden times execution to the Governor, and the mode. to with the AlfrtdQ of BaiOHOU. But, once for all, we Seventh Regiment Band, tbe other. A third band will been all I was required to bear, I dionld, I hope, Itavetraliticalis ageajitearlyproductivegeneralpromis-Is sufficiently confoundingconfusing,givestheguestof thegentlemengivetog no other means of saeettog the unlbimded attacksof aIt is the more important for us to dwell with His office is to interpret and apply them.and to the music of scudi. jingleddesUtote of foundation that I regret to say I can only ascribe toemcrimes "less heinous, but ofof Edkcnd Kjas, and Oioaoi bo Congress, willleftwhich ar^ scarcely wortoth^ particularizing,ofthe entertato-CDBSistency to tha rumors of a coup d'etat, which may ment. Beyond the selection for him of a lady with which have been made upon me, but to the columns ofexcitement of more than ordinary impor-tance hed ariseiL The Legislature met on thelOtb, and it becoming evident on the organization work aa much more mean and base than of which can only be explained upon the as- be interesting to the parties concerned, but is su- whom to open the ball. Lord Rxaruw will be tbe journals w hich have given them so wide a circula-manslaughter,folly,absurditySalt Lake City, are to Sept. 7. Jljie weather had out of measure, to hang our heads for shame, the Sheriff, as the cause of this prodigality of are utterly weary pf the fracas, conflicts, mystifica- be stationed in the supper-room. The aim here, also, submitted to my fate with a proper feeling of resigna- been very favorable for harvesting, and the bounti- and resolutions of and we hope will be to avoid o.«tentatlan to the decorations. The tion. however, they have fttihloata could bethat the whole world of New-York which cares any-cropssafelyfor one birth to men who dare toemy $12,000, probablesum will be expended. The floor of the danctog-room to front of the sofas is to be carpeted.have been secured. Wheat and at the thought . that our country has given capital offences. Now, whatever may be the tions Irving-place,,entire appropriation for the decorations of the Acad- Unfortunately, thonglit Is but it is not tliat the whole to vent clirir anger by toterweaving to their telegraphiebought,in someinetapces,ape,in 1860, the merits of the act inquestion,we venture torecord of the Prince's dotogs, toe most malicious and unfoimiled falsehoods respecttog myself. Thus I am representiHl, one day as l>eing shunned by my col-fur some unknown misconduct. I am held up American actress, after an absence of three years, Oar Mlalsters In Naples aad Sardinia—The as having Interfered to prevent American reportersbut believes theis theNaples,Lii was accredited, has ceased to exist,to attend to American toterests, and Minister Daktil will continue to the discharge of his own duties to Sardinia. The question of enlargtogthis mission towithout consolation when we reflect that shehas not as yet produced a Lamorici^re. Thereproductionoftiie ConstableDiBourbosis cation. Intruththewholeofthisportionofthe enough ofMadame columnsoftoeNew-TorkHerald. AsadutyI-oweto their glory, and the early triumphs WxioHT, BccBAHAH and Applitos, as reported to lataparty with considerable enthusiasm, and at Pitts- no work of ours, and no American sword has charge is as weak in its argument as it is out CiLisK—we were glad to see many of them at the German newspaiiers, was not. as asserted, to obedi- to the great journal which I liave the honor to r^re- bnrgh bonfires were lighted, and the summit of yet been stained with the blood of women of It is no of the of a Wtoter Garden last night, to cap the climax of ap- ence to tostnicUons from the Administration at Wash- sent bere» I feel reluctantly oonpcUed at last to breakfor its inability to discriminate between the and effect, and shrinks from yetproportions of the mote and of the beam. Butwhile we do mOsthasgivenbirthtoaWalkib,oorgriefisnot statementthatthecalendarisweightywith oldso " associating. The fallacy of the half-asserted aThe Stranger,"duties of every ktod, but hare never ovea respectably. Mr. DiViDOi was good as Pern-. The certatoed frofa a proper source that they are to be grcoafredssoifonaljournalist recIeaivmingowsufcohrceudnwtoacrormapnltaibnl.ealtooughbetween St Joseph and lulee- treatmentatthatofwWchconttoued, For the honor of toe American Pressand to toe sake ofbuigh they will be transported vii Council Bluffs, un- toe aoodfeelingwhlch has always subsisted betareaa of Bbll and Evustt, would consider the snc- us, that the forms of political legality within by way of New-Orleans, some particulars of Miss CcBBjiAa will aiipear as Bianco, in Mumah's til Congress shall direct aa arrangement other than It and our ownfl regret that I, the only reoresentatireblind them to the horrible realities of a transac-tionofbloodbetweentheprofessedHeadofthe ofBritishMarinesandHondureantroops.drams,time evensuedrhrititJQn^rhnrnh .nH men w^q ItlglfP^ the Walker surrendered to the formerandcontradicted.tention to anv more statemeats of the saaM oAutvaslaughterof their fellow-creatures a trade.~U^lOre ne waagivento it by its ad^tar,.The calledmeetingof tbe National Executive Com-now I After what I have said,skaiUnva AilBra daa-right tospirits as tothis note, ia due to tbt tf>et' that -any necessitynecessities in which thenotl)e harmed(Mr. Liviex,) but.to avan henelf of its advantages.pendltuie required la aa annual eoatribution ol «i;to those vVcaanet aSbid that, it i« ab«>Iately the faith and the works of a disciple of the in triolation of an expreas stipulation. There his wife, without totensely reciprocating his alTectlon.for dis- writing it ahouU hava arisen. At thiswolifa^^^nrallayby drovpls*It is madeavowed^ in fw the greater proportion of All his personal influence was exerted to savearmy«idpeimission to eir£ fr®''biila^^ wefiiieltwiiarendJaeMW»pe»<iirn^^»»7, tire iastmctions«« bar* b«ea glrca by St. ttU/*. ^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069t4eAlbany, t^ ilai(it»'Bi|ht, 1^ ir«pMn,to vtdt PhUa-piwspUywttbtbebook.upbut to deliverhim up when required toSeptember, duringIcarus,betweenexpeditionpresent,calumnies. I have far heavier duties to fuUUI than enables me to sparapartybe- uanueu u * ci iv tUu MuOhuiiticj ufwhich it these PMMas to MKleala. natore may pleaseuntil his return from the Be- doctor named Philip Warner, of trueitBut is simply impossible to orders. Walker was shot on the 12th ofCorrespondent of Ow London Timet.politicalluo. The UbnUT ft now open, therefore, and is national soldier finds his solid reason and lize, where he immediately went to get fresh In the usual courseof bamaofand Bdtslib, of Tirgtoia.aanbaol^ion waa triten op which amoimted toCreorgia ;Bishop,New-JerseySpecialThe only regret we espnfence, in publishing;^^^e^ifffr^mewe believe,) Is " AUeen Aroon, or of held the same sooree to beBatWVBvmridad. and made the prefatory speech.Bev.- H. W. Bucbxb and Hon. is hard enough at the best to reconcile the Honduras, Commander Salhoh, of the Icarus, (Mr Da Waibik, The Is soon told. mittee the Constitntional ITnlon Party was ders from of iodgad by tbe ktnd^Howa«fidWedby theLadyofGlanmire." plot hereto-day. Amongthememberspresentfroma nessan<lgoodf«ellag yourAmerieaareaders. Ijia T BaasT. At the close of the moethig, which imperative principles of Christianity with the exacted a promise that the pri^ners should Mleen (Miss LAoaA KiiKi) has loved a young distance were Messrs. Malloxt, of Kentuckyhave toe honor to leaaia, yoors, aoat obedlentty, K.A.WOOD8,was'landrsttecdedandmoateloquentlyaddressed, and social;;members of the Committee are totlie Presidential prospects. cir-The programme for the entertainment of Baron ance. from the field, we know nothing of tha Riaraiw is not yet completed, but It wlU be to accord- cnmatancea oat at whldi this odlisian may havato another man. He Vssvesciation. The welccndns addreaa waa spoken by ews and the weapons ofprofessional gladiators, whatever, and could be none. Walker him- Is capsized m a storm, and he is saved by £ara4an. station to tos White House, to the private carriageshis suite will on14>gland, before the Tonne Men'a Christian Aaao- 'Whole Christian world, to bay 'Vrith it the sin- him and Walkir there was no agreement the inn precipitately, but the boat to which he enibarks Wednesday afternoon be conveyed from the raUroad matian on which he relied for the truth ot Using,deliveredhiafirstlectaiesincehislatnrofromlearnsthatsheisunitedthatontowncorrespondentmustliavehadinfor-;that he may turn them against a particular self forfeited all claims to mercy when he re- In the secondpossible,publicdisplay. Heandlaat(tiieafn3Bgio LuroouUele £fe dedared that he was tired of politicsprincipally leadingbut fouiMl that no that gentlaman occapylngThe Breck&i^dga aafi tdfie OoBTwitfaui of A»^na Cioab Siu—Kt of bnsinesft ht the Com Exchange. Corn was in most improbable, in the face of the over- faction was scathing. He denounced them as momtog at S o'clack the party breakfasted, and at 7 this afternoon, Gen.*foB> 8. Dust, Keddeab ATEEAaiBC-lInrwu light supply, and good request at higher rates.i*! JBtoii^ai'ftiaacimp DctoBiui- Provisions were rather quiet. Pork was firmer. whelmingnaval force of the ItalianCommittee of fifteenKIfc^e& CItfwere appointed toeonfiBr wilfemr BOWIST TaKATKS-BauM Biuoi-Six Di- Less activity was apparent in Groceries, Hay,bodyof the Sardinianarmyenteredand asachievementofthatobject. Mr.Bottsde-The mainHops, Metals, Bice and Whisky. The inquiry for the Papal territo^ at Arezzo, and, as we nowBell-Everett representattves. Naaiinta o^ Pam,Newark, was nominated on the first ballot. Mr. Paaavisalsothenomtoeeofthestraight-outDotigla* party. ,^Eleetlaa fm Brldgep«rt.BanioaposT, Conn., Monday. Oct I. The_eIection hi this city to-day resulted in tkt cholce'ofHon.D.H.SnausaforMayor,byWma-active demand prevailed for Cotton branchea of trade.^Tke Defieat of Iiamoriciere.The satisfaction with which all Europe will donbtless receiTe the news of the executionAmoderatelyclared that ifof the great filllbuster, Walker, can hardly country which fringes the Adriatic toN&WB OF THE DAY. exceed the {Measure with which America must the south of Ancona, Gen. Lamokiciibe, were —It will be seen an official noticeThrough themonntAinous andmarshyquestthe bead of her baby.glovedwillingpeople to the diptit at the time.As the day was ratoy and the air chilly, there wasbut Utile demonstratloB durtog the earlier part of the trip, and the Prince slept steadily trom Cincinnati toat secession should be made, 300,000 vidunteers would rush to theany attemptnortbem, and Spoleto, which commands thesouthern, communication between Borne rescue without calling upon a single Free Hamilton. Here lie wa* swakeaed by cheers anditselfandtheRomanGeneralatAncona. State. Theisoneofinterest shoutings.Hewentupontheplatform,andatthere-—The Citt Deposits Tbe Abtisaxs' Bane.At Dayton there was a very gratifying reception.The SIaTe>Trade, tte.tfoina, Monday, Oct I.TaoMAB J. CramsxilaisandWu.DtrasAK,matesofthel>arkin Several trains had switched off, and were findhimselfdrivenintothenotveryamicable curHoneyArticle,thattheCityChamberlaininfat allprovidedfiomOincinoati totootedDemocrat^,finmen oi th^Kingdom. aiming at a revival of the African slave-trade, o'clock took their departure from the city. The hourto dissolve the Union for the not being generally Itnown, there were but eighteenCcagresalAal NaadnuWa fa Me«7«fMaer* n^tnac, V. J., VanU*, Set 1.to learn that Miss Aduina Patti will sing for " only Beyond these there will be no ornaments—or,yearspast,)he will remato lege to have received themselves. I am stated, duringMiss CBAiioTTa Ccshman attracted crowded house, and was received with round after round of Uie heartiest applause. It was due to the wo-Thegreat enormity," who can talk famlUanyoneofa asauthorized first-class,to which the statute in question has no appli- Fbibkeic Cooee, and the younger race, but stUl old Administration.ap-or demeritofthelawswhichcontrolhisaction.play-goers,by for the consideration of the nextAll toete statements and more ofsame Itlnd,andandact " of Irish character and construcUon," as theas the object fcr toese groundlessprecisely this, and notliing else, is the history in Truxillo. The relations of the parties then wife as the guilty party. His old schoolfellow Corps, and on Friday with Lord Ltobs. No public which should give him cause of complaint 'GraveSS^ ?" "*TM«<1 NiCHOlJ, reaidtag at of the connexion between Pope Pins IX. and' became different; Captain Saucoh no longer and late comrade. Shandy Uaginnit, (Mr. T. reception in tbe East Room Is contemplated. The Bmto^mimi^;' ""«' murdered by his wife on Gen. LiiaosioiExx. acted in an independent capacity. He was B. JomrBiOH,) strengthens the suspicion, and Baron and svUte will be conveyed to Mount .VemonEd. Tuces.State Bitsiness Directoet.—This work U now and contains a full wmpil*-vSSSfa^^^r,SS'""Jl>^"« oli,hiswifis wasina at a grocery stoil; ^dVe« '""-''^ ^' pretence an army of Papal volunteers, drawn He conveyed its troops to the Rio Negro, heir. Through the agency of Father McPhaudeen, toe night for toe grand pyrotechnicIllikoisUonof bustoessmen to toe^ state, classifiedThe army of LAaoRicotRi is not even in now the agent of the Honduras Government.so works on Baradan's mtod, that he accuses AiUtn ofto the steamer Harriet Lane, attended by a distin- guishedescort. Thedayforthisisnotnamed,noriaand makesto and had no choice young doctor, Warner, is employedtbefearfultotentup&nhislife,Shandyhispublished^unAr one of the and propose. caU-of Papal conscripts.Austrian aMdiers dismissed by Frakois Joseph, the Uvea of the fillibusters, and, when that who aU boUeve that Atteen U the crimtoal, an appeal general ThanksgiviBg^M Thoiaday, Nov. 99. Swishtog onetmniediwely,wm be waitedhe discovers that Shandy la the poisoner. In order toAuiar, Monday, Oct 1.Gov. HoaOAH issuea to-day, his mesaage for a work, of which he h«i a quantity hir^. s'"'^^ by holding failed, he left for the Belize to get more posi- Is had to the Donof*, a sacred baok, soppoaad Tha Oaalal D. TompUai Kaglnn Co. No. 8, of toe^st, toJoHH C. W. BAttST,oafromthe QorersorofthatUntitled Documentpower.alike without foundation.As various statements have been made on the sub- most of living actresses. Mr. Drorr did tlie Stranger ject of the mails from St Joseph to Denver, it is as-She is still,pulsive character, like that of Mrs. Halter,of Europe isto wanton and unacrupolousThe published statement that Gen. Habvit was raWalker up the Rio Negro was composed bills phrase It, was produced, last night, at this popu- jpr,vt^ frnm m« comoiand to Washington Territory chtfracter from thasa charges. Content thnafoite,Hiu, Bstah, of Ala- The business to marry him. Gorman Baradan (Mr. Dait) having transacted has not transpired, but It seems that thslove, hasher father from difficulties, proposes for herfailed'imm^liMr and is consigned to perdHta •wears, and Is acquitted brhas entered the field la^' ato^ But Hiss Kusa can do much better*^;fle persisted to tha last that (he aetwas done Imaad that the wttnesaea for'-efence, tbe Statefidsely.preparations ft>r a war of extermination against*" both fbe aad ^ftp?'*''"'^ progressing, by regulars"wtmieers.£- The crops vrlu be very short, aad aeeeiaarles of Ufe ard antlcip^ed.Bjrjiinrif'of B-irliMnt*»* be toiiuKHMnt of _abi r'MpUa, u,«f ANtNT^; Am.peijures himself, isiSil^.'i^lii^^*^^*^:^^ •ilMidoOefartaeat, IWanMr t time to prevent Us comuiltting perjury, and ttaP»a,^««^ .b«« l«(t avmiag. Reaiu was oaa-poMtiaeBreckinridge waswjlltog to ba directed on Ua owntrabi. This Fifth Congressional psMot bmIfor the special one to coma. Their passengers mingled with the citizens, and together formed a crowd num;'inthe Artisans' Bank, and selected the Park bering two thousand people. The Prince appeared on the charge of being engaged to the Slave-trade. Atheld upon the platform, and a lady hit him to the stomach the request of our Government the British satboritles by with a bouquet, wlilch he caught and bowed. have ordered Paymaster Hat, and Mr. Lavs, gunneraccountnals Between the arms of Victor Eiiasuil does not state. As the Chamberlain is per- Bbuce half a score. The Duke of Newcastle ex-,x. ... -r. , ,.trusted to''iton theCityhitherto,negroesonboard.of the funds, having no power whatever to delegatethat to responsibilityanyfor thesafetySavaitnab,The British bark Java has arrived m thefunds.dence he has placed in it.Tliis rather remarkable incident is of inter-forliimse f, for the Church which he rules, and Park Bank, we believe, will justify the confi- city all the bells rang. The Governor's Guard, wblohby theinfor Italy. The best tiling he could do in such a predicament would be to bid his Frenchstpppedthe Citybeautiful floral bunches, the Duke two. and Oen. City pressed his great delight at the Madison Colmty luid,fired a salute, and Miss Bsiwaait affords on the sented the Prtoce with a large basket of lusciousThe United States C*artat Treatva. TaiHToa, Monday, Oct. 1.est from thein which he lives with Mayor's removal of Mr. Stoct. The ostensible finlt, and an exquisite bouquet, on behalf of the young EiLiOTT vs. Vaharmy duringtriUgmeebythisarrivalisalsoofaninteresting lingalikeonlawandlife,onpolicyandhu- notwithstandingiheexigencio»-of^foDBw, Mr.Smrwu onfitise pretrnmwi iiiin.stai>pa«-*thVmgUmf-'Cl^',JSamwfciaiwths^cfaane^T. Amadmanhadattemptedts take'the Hfe of Oe Emperor iof the Frenco, but his desini Waa prOTidenaaHy frustrated. It has been offi- d>Uy announced in London that Hr. Lisdsat, Aowin tfaia country, has no authority to negotiate ^lljdltteG0aaa>Bamt(^41ieIXnited States relative _^ ISwwaafherin'Ikiuuv^manity, to attain this object, he has died mis- and temptationa^oid'Of town.^was p^kapa JIayof WoooV real motive Inthat Ifagtant out- party proceededto theaaCNasbvineLeoiavnu, Monday, Oct. 1.erably, bnt deservedly, a warning not nri^ed^d the most str^Sg. Aiid next in' infetest was rage upon the public may become apparent riages.' An Immense crowd greeted the Prince's ar-ova'good sword. presented, is twenty-fonr. Five bills forfsara of- an attack from the natives having passed The crime of Lahobiciere against mankind, manslaughter and two for felonious as- its highest and most responsible officers for The Committee which has charge of the ar- President of the Easton Bi^ died this noon. HeiMh-ai^^Dga^ca^tan^e aoasonaf qoiaramur. Hope* were entertamed that no furthertiotnle woqld occur, and that the distrust with theogfa. not in itself more deep and damning, sault are also among the findings. Justice, allegedyielding quiet- Rinaiw, at the Academy of Music, on the Uth tost., which the^Govemment had been disposed to treat cannot claim even the poor relief in history in the person of Judge iNORAaAK, stands appall' ly to the intended disgrace, the gentleman de- is making rapid progress. The cards of tovltationFire.AnsiBoa, N. T., Monday, Oct I.dl foreigners had been overcome. The greatest which men trouble grew out of the currency question, whichto the idealism of ed at thissofied the Board and demanded an increase of are to readiness, and atiout to be issued. They arearray nineteenth century, seventy years and in this instanceofleled even in the annals of metropolitan crimem this partly;paymentrightgeneral appearancecity.DzitsiSToun,pre-''A notorious bur^^ named Jaites Paztbisor, wfi^I parts^;>hi«an«fclfca*«e;Ti»«|, «aa .WWlababig porsaed by olBeers yesterday, jumped offl>emountainWashrWimft^iiairfMi- cmsaicRiver,andtotheendeavortoswlaiianta Cruz. were forwarded home fifteen mtoutes. As It neared the TheyMnamigalirta.Booiia aat- bfXioalsTilleKallraad.The stockholders of the Louisville end Nashville Railroad reelected the old Board of Directors to-day, Indlcat'ing Jaizb Gcthbix'b election as Presideat of the road to-morrow.OUtaary.Eastoh, Monday, Oct I.misconduct. Instead of rangements for the ball to be given in honor of Lord had formerly represented this District in Congress.—City what IT la ^O BE ORNAMESTATIOK OT THE.patternwithwhich,toprivate'HOWARD.The thermometer in this vicinity this mommg tertatoment to one traveling In this country as a pri- stands at 29° above zero. Ice of considerable thick-series of financial and ment," and like the German Empire, it doth not yet ering plants from the conservatories will be tastefully No sipns of the steamship JVortk American,hareto remember FAHinr Kekbli and Eliia Tan, The conference or private meettog of Mtoisters peared boto to your widely-circulated journal and theif thereSt. Louis, Thursday, :Sept 27,1860.for toe easy task of defending my personal attbedemandoftheBritishMinister,isauthentically witothispublicdisclaimer,IshallpayBOfiirtherat-of the PresidentdtspUy. Affalra la Albaar.Mr pubUsiers,ls now to New-¥ork,;'NsT-OaLSAn, Sunday, Sept. M. steamship J>e Sote arrived herevrithHa^The TTnited States Court closed its term on Sat- urday eventog. The jury to the ejectment case of-^y]yJlJ.A».i ' - wasdrowned.tagonourmerchuits'^'^^•^^" "A'n/yfmeS>? wltolarge amount of he defendant ,'Mr. Woonaaaour that regretmoorcotuBiaa: www.fultonhistory.com 