 *wi»»*•rzkcommendabfe TBE BANaJHrr LAST NIGHT.Thewhich sailed from Liverpool on tbeafternoon of Iand from Queenstowu on tbe 11th last., arrived ! yesterday this forenoon.• t h e Prince of Wales embarked for Canaia o s tbe 10th erfJuly.Telegraphic new a from Naptot a of tto ith, aad de- scribes the new const tution, of which an estUas will to found among our Italian intelligence, as a still-horn child,•chr rrolJ.ir for-Ut*. i*.er»r*>;The cant get away members held a meeting lost nightring.frost century to century, of inspiring events, aad Itwees tbe'riorth aad tbe Souto. teg education and intellect of tier*, ta this conflict let us see us aad ours.by the tejretouarda " sgreat traditions ible conflict-' to-from tbe conflict- of the two secinjury is done toPrune*. Oranges,Ia-Nis ih teg meat, was read, coucludiag with the j-entir.*ut:—Maytto genial san that lights and warmsload l-e s e t more gloom* and trot than the »nu«»..., LiesdablB and good fegttog that ssrrouad yoor board tonight.Tto toasts were rnposjld to a s follows -Captain Avwmso.v, of the Savannah Hues, m, re to the rourth regeiau. toast, aaid.—tetloo soldiers of the New Tork City Gnard—There nreeoea- • hen feelings a r s so oastraag that it m almost.asssnible to give utterance to language- Onitbis occa ato» my aitaace wanld rssnttat mygaaks bettor than aav worda I caa nan. a n cams asaoasT yaw strangers;was found to have penetrated tto'"removed code. Mr. Mcwattted within a Sew York, whobarge at the Mayor's _:e pace from t t o OasaawIIWHOLEN O , 8720.•-MORNING EDITIONthe party wbieh eoatratod the republic for eighty ye u s broken aad dtolistad. It feci* the two seettoft24, I860,MILITARY GUESTS meeting, and hope it will tend to strengthen tto bonds ot this glorious taioo. iKt muigliag Uigataer has brought us to know cash other; aad I kaow that ttrong srejodfees have been removed, aad the nsrmbera of n y commoad have bees led to leak upoa the individual of tbe NorthPRICE TWO CfflHS, »''— ='nmianiiiiiiiiiLArrival«ftheJinitthhP*n11. ft Bti*MM4tf* Jfjaaj,TWO DAYS LATER MEWS. Intwresting PartJcnlars of t t e V I *urTTr!B FROM HON.jt> !BtoeCbaricttoa(S.C.)Merwry,J'Ay M}M M K A. 0. SAUST, Has** FAU%A}»©rasas— miliar 1 employ an carry ope*:unity sin"emy men fretsWashington tof veyou,iaeompl lance witharaJ aow tr.rt :Cg about. The whlf party it deaa: the lawiican party la dying; and 6* what conditioa la the iawx-ratic party? The iuety and vigorous energy «hKh has hitherto signattosd it ia met fadieg away; bn'.4ft mewiac itaafa* by tof ianleg to anpreciate the liv- laf, real aad substantial issues of the present aadfu- aat,tadaadsBdiagrtaorgaaisatioatomeetthem.The • .uipnaalhie oonJict," an dogmatically aaaoaacedayMr.Seward,aadeoentataaotlesllyapproved by Mr. tyinonesection,upon theavowed, absoluteaadexclu-fm myjufamait,the cemmp tlection, the Governor should immediately asombie the Ltgulatuie and that body should provide for aState (lunntion, which should protect ike Stale from Ikedithrmnr tf tulmithm to Hack rqptibUcanrvle. Beforethe tribunal of the world,and at the bar of history,we shall aland justified. Freedom lives muchmore in the spirit of a people than in tbe forms ofa government. We shall receive the plaudits of brave their adeptness in tactics, but found all their time occu- men for preserving freedom, and not reproaches for shat-tering a despotism. Senator Hammond, In his unanswer-able and consummate arguments on the admission ofSieve 9n49,Ac. Ac.par reo,tteat,""ary opinion s f ear to*fcy is tto present ^carter* of political affairs. It is difficult togropa m way »;•«* l b « entaagkmesai and complications <a>.a thkkea around us; sad at! beat we mart aire appeal to easjecttire. No oae leas foresee the pttiM shape whkh More devek>pens«r.tB wiH take;with insurrection and dripping with blood to occupy tbe goversmentfTheSavannah Blueswfercnot called uponyesterday,in their military capacity, to givo our citizen** view of*«.. THESBW*BYTHEJUlLa.Ifftcols, the sreaeat naamee of the Week republican •any for tbe Presidency, If aow taaaaahig a more for- toasts shape, a a d • werkhig e a t lt« resultt more retflry than if it really existed ia the economy of oar jtll iltinngBBtrnat ft a founded at the apecnlations tfJtoetftdtheorata; it addressee itself to the vanities aad BjaamasdasJ aasusnptioas o f mea whe only r a s fromsive ground of warfare O|H« another section, an " overtact'? Is not the posaetsion of the government by osesection, with tbe declared purpose of wielding all itspowers to destroy tbe property aad uproot tne social or-tthedustoftraffictaaaaathinsipidaad iasaae eentiaten- Win it ho a sweet consolation to these phi'osomocracy were overthrown it would result in giving place the room were brilliant gas jets, under which were mag- of tbo City Hal). Tbey nave accepted the invitation, andtailtiea; aad more fatal than all, it inflames a diseased ttasetoaoo with last of spoils and lust of power. To the • a d of the North the theory of abolitionists—of Urn "lr- rareasibh) eoaiatt"—«s particularly attiring; i t ia esote- nr, it gives a twaaatioe of being in the secret that all theif not all the world, has been going wrong, ass ia far more exciting than real la the latter the whole Iworld . marches in the farmer a fragment bave it alja tneaamrres. As error, which hat once been con- a brutality, eaa never hope to reoover its iaamttesayhy;hsterrorao easily take* a wears s saw name, that the world often met ;ts oM enemy i s a strange disguise. Thus, tioughiBSJtKmiaa baa bees convicted ofmy J» tbe richeat islands of the world, and ofties nto mglea and depopolatjon, yet it now stalks be- ars j in the form of the ''torepressibss conflict,'' aad challenges tbe ambition of the North, while it Inflames rtscoeseience, which now seeks to wreak its atonementfor mercenary- sordidnesB opon the "glittering generali- ties of usiveraal equality. Ia this way, and through the aotnhaatd tonasacos of vanity, speculation, ambition, «epidity and (xcmmeoce, the "Irreprsseible conflict;* lao-.gb artificial, unjust and Inhuman, is fa<t becoming a lrviagsad terriblereality.phical expectants of "overt acts" to see Mr. Sumner Minister to England, that to mav surround with diplomatic lnstre the "famous shirt" which to wore when Mr.Brookschastised himforhit insolent slanders,aad which, it to said, to recently carried, dabbled with blood, "as a spectacle" to tbe Duchess of Argyle whan she invited him to dinner? No: U u men jargon to talk steul "waiMmafw ami acts.1' It ft declaring that ike onlyiiuutt the South wftt recopnite it a cuff.The resolutions which were lately adopted by the Senate define and declare the rights Of the South; and for any who support those resolutions to counsel submis- sion to the rule of a party which was organized and is now upheld only to deny and resist them, to to reduce tbe priaciplet which they announced todrivclllng, poor and insipid dogmas. Mournful, too, will it be to see any son of the South advise her, in the balls of the govern- ment which the did a© much to create, to endow with treasuries, and to guard with tiee*M and armies, to bow her bead in submission aad sue far tor rights in formaCorporations m a y petition—States shouldto a greater and hungrier swarm o f flics. Tbe remody o f the South is not in such a process; it is in a diligent or- ganization of her true men for prompt resistance to the next aggression. It must come in the nature of things. No national party can save us; no sectional party can ever do it; but if we could do as our fathers did—organ- ize committees of safety all over the cotton States, and . i t is only in them that we can hope for an effective move- ment—we shall fire the Southern heart, instruct the Southern mind, give courage to each other, and at tbe proper moment, b y one organized, concerted action, w e con precipitate the cotton States into a revolution. The idea bas been shadowed forth to the South by Mr. Muffin, and has been taken up and recommended in the Adverti- ser [the Montgomery organ o f Mr. Y ancey] under t h e name of "Tbe league of United Southerners," who, keep- ing upsheir old party relations on all other questions, will bold the Southern issues paramount, and will intlu- cpi:c | arties, legia atures and statesmen. I have no timenificent emblematic representations o f tbe coats of armswill attend Niblo's Garden this evening, accompanied b y tbe City Guard.It was tbe original intention of tbe Blues to return borne on Wednesday next, but k stroug desire now exists among them, and eagerly hoped lor by our citizens, that tbe visit may be prolonged until Saturday next.rapt. Anderson h a s received! a n invitation from t h e military of Boston to visit that i city, but tbe urgency of an early return to savannah precludes the possibility of its acceptance. jOUR SAVANNAH COBRKSPONDENCE.1 SAVANJ AB, Ga^ July W, I860.todeny,uslaasaflthe stoas asweadasItoaray,thatthe (Weral government to about to pass into tbe bands of the •ajority section, and that all Its powers will be used toerpole, aad ultimately to destroy, taw institution of slavery as it exists among us. Neither tomorrow, tor the next .week, nor the next sear, might the dagger to planted in the heart of tbe South; but, if sheIt to vain to argue that the republican party wouki be didballwasgivenbytheOrder,gotupandconductedm MvEinney,oftheBlues;Briga-iicrGeneralWB.Hall: AsquadoftheRepublicanHies!?ftforyourcityondidodged from power after a single term. In that term a style thut reflected great credit upon the fratci inly. A Lieutenant White, of the Blue*; Lieutenant D. Banks, oi Ibe lTtb, and are to be, while in N'ew York, in charge of tary Committee appointed to consider the anairs ofsnased assertion. African slavery is embedded in the ly tracts of its uninterrupted official corruption andpeculation, it accepts no responsibility, while it renoun- ces so atom of power. Born of a drivelling fanatactom, it bears no remorse for tbe past and no promise for the fu-meuts of our representatives, jEngland. The person under whose direction i t will b e paced is Mr. JuMs Gerrard, the famous lion killer.Tbe Swiss riflemen bave issued a greatfnl address on their departure from England for the hospitality shownTbe author of the Frome murder remains undiscovered. The greatest exertions are making to unravel toe sayste ry. The magistrates are pursuing an extensive investi- gation. Mr. Rent's household bas been examined. Tbe evidence will be taken of every one able to give tto lean information tending to fix suspicion on any individual.The Astronomical Royal Scientific Expedition loaded from the Himalaya at Bilbao at noon on Monday, 0th of July.The Peninsular and Oriental Company s steamer Delta, with tbe heavy portion of the Bombay aad Mediterraneanwry foundations of Souther* Industry and society, aad itasset be overturned without producing universal confu-ses »t tbe Smth. Society wouki to dislocated, govern- ture. In its present conspiracy against the constitutionthis property. and he lias chartered the Racbc! to convey it to Aspinwall, whence he can ship it to the Stat-3 with out rii 1cing a seizure from parties who migbt have tbe au- dacity to believe themselves entitled to a share of the spoils.There is nothing from the interior of either Costa Bica or Nicaragua worthy «f note. Colonel George F. Canty, of whim you' have often heard, mi-a who has hern tal!>irg Transit to us here, as well as to the people of tbe interior, for tbe past several months, left on the last Enylifrb mail steamer for Knglaud, having accomplished nothing towards establishing a route across this Isthmus. fie cciiliDurd to aftert, however, up to the moment of his departure, that he would, within a few months time, bave a Transit which should compare favorably with that via Aspinwall.> I er 11 Mutton, espeiaaiite,. Chickens, partley sauee,smt destroyed, and probably rained as! am finally as Ifas ear tbqoake had buried, or a deluge satsswgsd the soil.aad the rights of tbe South, its chosen leader might ap- peal to it to the nervosa and terrible words which SaUust put into the mouth of CStaline, when b e urges on his bonded followers to their attack upon tbe liberties and< liickens, Knglteh sauce. i c i n mSBKS.Stdyet, against tha system of sUvery the North baa•aged, and is still waging, a s waaaaia>g warfare. Ms honor of Home;—At mou demi aaejiis, fmrit aet alimian• bieken Salad. ,Stewed Tjmstcx » rtol>d Rice.1ASTRV.Champagne Jell.v.Raspberry aei-ingue-, Chocolate Kis-i -, Mararooos,i i i i m O j u d v , Pineapple Jel,v Oi-ange Salad,Icily Diamond... Ross Ahaonds. MintPapillote.. VanillaIceCream.l*.-.-ahonuis, Btoiudt'4. TemplewithtkebustofWashington. statue of the Gay nuard..-iiiiiie of tbe Savannah Blues. WjsMng'.on Monument ot Kew Tork. Monument of Art and Science.i;<lbie Tnwer. Symbol «t War. f'rophy of ike Vnion Arms. iSymbol »f Friendship.I'rophy o) Uie T/nkin Arm*. Monument ol tie City Gnard.IjJiL-f t'»mp rifthe Oily Guard.literature has libelled, its pulpits have dssoaaced; Its tate Legatolasaj to rs hspll 11 tt, although in doingso tseyluuckd»wsadtotiactartkae()fthe!toeralc<mstltnAad now it ia about to usurp tbe common govern ,n order the more effectually and speedily to restrict,cripple, aad then extinguish it. *mala ret *pet matte aijxrior. Stimulated by lust of spoils and power, they deny the history of the world, are false to the obligations of the constitution, and defy truth andJ INK ICC*If the issue involved is the pending contest affectedonly temporary material interests, the South might afford to regard them with partial' indifference. H er resources axe so great, and tbe elements of her power so complete, that she could safely g o o n consolidating, building u p ,OfooerseldoBotmeanto.mplThoUiIty on tbe partof a tto people of the Merth. I recogntoe there many, uniting, welding herself into a fabric which no physicalAnother attempt is about to be made to improve tbe uvtr San Juan by turning into it a portion of tbe water which cow Cows down the Colorado. This moruing Don Juan Mcsnicr started for the Colorado, accompanied by two * competent engineers, to examine tbe river at the Colora-do, and ree what i* necessary to be done in the premises. tt Is lielicvcd that with the expenditure of a small sum tbeJfcnJuan river may be restored to its former capacity.anOTBBsequcKtly i. i harbor once more permit the en- trance into it of laifee vessels, taptain Pirn to the contra- ry nctwithstanding.We bave had very few arrivals of merchant vessels tor several month?. The tost vesse! which loaded here was tbesrhennerJ.W.Congdon,of>ourport. Avef&eloftwo tcudrtd tons would Ind a full freight ready for New Yi»: k jnst at the present time, and another of about the tametoiuagecouldbeloaded forLondon. Theonlyship of war nowhere is Her Britannic Majesty's steamer Gtedi - atcr, but others arc exj-cct'd within a few days.Fsu».iY. June 29. 1*60.Iiiiormatkm bas ju*t reaihrd here, from the interior.that the government of Nicaragua had decided upon dam-ming the Colorado river at the point where it separatesitself from the san J u t s , eighteen or twenty miles abovethis town, iafe proposed to employ upon this work tbe State prisoners, snd begin operations immediately- Costa ;force could break. But these issues extend beyond pre- «asy of the finsest friends of the nasllltllia aad Jes- sent material results; they reach up to the very objects> -ii iug BiBD».ttos; bat, unfortunately, they are too feeble to control the legatati\e action of their States, or to pet down riotous easfsratton of Paethirn property. However mash, then, thsSmth may admire the patriottom of those at the North ana *uu^gle against fonsttotsa, and alahoagh she assy ^wwiagtoaacriflcemoch toaMttoss la their contest «itfe htr etietstos and the enemies tt the cons ti tut ion, y e ttohlisdto the fact that the wbhole political1ass aaat aas^w aaasaesaes %n stsixg a^brnxtw. Hassaa esSjher Mhostats ia a fruitless altmpi to berfritnoX t t o Ssath must accept the tosses which barsseen forced upon her by the North, aad she mus1i steadily and boldly.Mbessssaast Snase are la be tried ia the lo isaaccsacieaoa; others are tobeapeedllj- pressed into ^foresmeat and action. Tbe first are What slavery, as ll«>tou among us," is a crime; that it Sills the South with eraaaj, Immerslity aad barbarity; that the flag of the r«paabt to atohasarai by it, and that these who practicewnasaftji essmwsj. These tosnes I will sot now for aswever aaaoh they might excite j eDames,aadbaiMherselfopsatoose great uarTfar tor £"•••*» to , dfBveranee? Willthemagnificent titinertimofthewhig'?_"*_ ***.?— ' party oavoajt asetf to this groat •^asmassast "ss* i ,ts j M m a ggpsratloa. theOriental TewerVISIT OF TIE rmncB OF WALES.Tbe Depattare ofthePrimesofWalesgarC a m a d a *([From the Western Morning Kens, July f.lEvery rumor continues to indicate Tuesday, tto 10th (tbis day) as tbe appointed day. Tto last report B> that the royal jacbt Victoria and Albert, with ttoQoesa and thePriuceofWales,willarriveinttoSound,sothatthe Prince con join tto Hero at six o'clock to the morning, and that the ship will aall thortly afterwards for Quebec. It is understood that her Majesty witl stay tbe day, aad land at Mount Edgcnmbe. Sir Charles FremanUet fleet will be stationed off the entrance te tto Sound,asd wag open into two lines, through which the royal yacht will pass. The punbeat Porpoise, tender to the Royal Albert, is appointed to ct mmunicete between Rear idaairal Sir Thomas S. I'aaley, Bart, facting port admiral in tbe abscence of the Commander is Chief Vice Admiral Sir Arthur_Faa*bawe, K. C. « . ) . aadI • 1••P^WUPIPPI—^^^^^^TM^amulsat deformity. Tt I a which "awrery andofapart from ttohrgtoaisg of tto nresent struggle ass MseM falka to pieats is the cosalot oTpr\ aWrfoArf race to <^cUU(ou<M»fCke}^^dwiUilketkjmI>keUj^miiUm'tpomfrI.kespear. beforeus,andvanishednever to rotarn; atoalw after iUssfos havo'trifted away, aad we are awakened to s conflh cssnetto avoided without dkdwaor, and In vcaaaot be vanquished without ruin,o u s t s upoa the cssstawUos, aad tor standardbands •f Breckiaridge and Laae; let her BOO*rally to it, ae»i under it, move oo to "Equality In the Union, or Is-eatof to"ithe black republican party obtain power, ana ineFouth remain passive—what then? While I in vrkccooperation—wblieIappealtotheStatesaroundss to be true to their honor—yet, ir these fail, / vAtlthe State aU*e, ifnecetoa to furtherto the iiwatal noadtties of all Territories,bow acasOed or what a m y b e out- condition • (IWveaet thenlntformbyme,hutII f s V lasaV'ssstmsam nkltassnmsmsm BnsssVBmmWaT t a t assmshsM1rV s s t f w t A ^ t ° " T wQwm». eUhasmVtjfeS^ll •tsssTve'/ las IHWJM ^ n w I Mfa^Siat eivea ta tmeBlmee toy tlas \ e w Task CityJrtmtkeCmom, day than degradationand itorsotsheaitappliesforadmiseioa.'* Iade- knowitthroughtheremovaloiburthensaadthewithof our Southern citu.n soldiery, now on a visit to thi icity, aretfhe guests of oat of the most active and eaTcien towards tbe whole South. He looked upon it that all t»at citj BBMKajryeompnniesr»tne NewTork City.Guard. The hod been beard of tto estrangement between the NorthTHEber lifebfl t*« forfeit f N o ; it concerns us little whethertbe republican party gain po «er under tbe forms o f theconstitution-or not, ankingas the posaaslsa aad exerciseot power by tb«m will be our destruction. Shall we wait Union. We have yielded almost everything but our fora»"overtact'? Isnottheacquisitionofpowerby honors. lotusyieldthatonlyasanenemyyieldsbig one section, tbroogb -a sectional conspiracy against theThe hour fixed in the programme of the proceedingswag half-past seven o'clock, but it was nearly eight gectlemeu followed in eloquent speeches, replete with which is looked upon by tto people with titter indif-other, an "oven act' Is not the organlxatloa of a par-l'»uner. LAWRENCE M. KETTT. '•ASosntKOC.H.July16,I860kept up to a late hour, and the company teemed to enjoy themselves heartily.Tbomembersoftbemilitarycompanies—tbeguestsof the City Guard—were in the bent of humors. They cracked jokes, made puns, and generally enjoyed them- selves. Some of tbe members of the Blues were in theThere to a report current a t Para that Garibaldi bos act himselfinmotionforattaekingMessina. Ttolatestrei liable news from Palermo of the 3d describes a review held by bim over his 9,0(0 volunteers.It seems that there a to to a second meeting of Ger- mansovereignsatMunich,butwhereanastime tto Em-peror of Austria win told tto place tiled at Baden by tto Prince Regent of Prussia.Further papers bave been m id before Parliament r e - specting Savoy and Nice and the interests of flaiUarlaad. Tbelastdespatch,datedJune25,tabyLordJohnBussel), and Intimates the unwillingness of her Majesty's govern- ment to take part in a conference.Tbe state of Italy and the conduct of General Garibaldi had again been debated in the House of Lords.lord Brougham, in tbe course of his remark-, said to thought the constitution granted to Naples would to a great failure, and he hoped it would fail to save tbe de- testable tyrant of Naples.In tbe Bouse of Commons Lwd Fermoy had given no- tice of a resolution declaring tto action of the Boats sfSilken declamation and slack nervedvotes a r e n o t enough t o rescue popular liber-ties from ganger. Liberty to a serious game, toto played lost, as the Greek told the Persian,with knives sad hatchets, and not with drawledepigrams a m i soft petitions. T h e lowest sentiment ofcontempt which a freeman can feel, is that excited by a Celebraticn of St. John's Day—li^M ftp*New lorfc— wretched serf, who bas been poll died and educated to amil sense of the degradation of his position, yet i t without manhood to do more than utter piteous lamentations.Liberty, is. e\ t ry age, bad her martyrs before -lie enjoyed her full, free worship. We have our honored scroll ofnames,iswhosedeaths we still live; bnt we holdourliberties not akwe because these men lived as freemen,The military men in this sect) are in a perfect fever nt the reading of your report of the grillw&c, of the Chi- banquet hall tbey were promiscuously distributed at the, cago Zouaves. Having some crack companies- of our own,more men to live as they lived, aad die as they died, when the ocstsioa arises.Blaster T. J. Martin, Esq. On the following ***i.i«t a . j»J- u- c; ;y. and North, Sbermaa &. Co. < m the left o: the Chair contest will be in New York. man were Mayor- Woo*. Rev. W . H . Viles; Lieutenants ,I& 1'i,iIii .<fA,comethemtottoEmpireCity. Itgavehimmuchplea- sure to meet tbe noble regiment on the present occasion. He believed that t t o exhibition of good feeling exhibited en that occasion was an index of the feeling o f New YorkandtbeSouthbadnoexistenceinmet. These claring that the "Bwmsi osedittos of all territory erawal of oppression. Every volume of tbe Fedora' Blues undoubtedly have been conflrmel is the be manifestations of feeling tended to bind usis free, and that neither Congress nor Territoria Statutes might be bornt, and tbe South would never lief ere this, that notwithstanding any prejudi- together in common brotherhood, and to keep ustogether, as one people now and forever. I .can only aay, in my official csjptoity as Mayor of New York, that Captain Anderson, of the Blues, has fully deserved all the honors that have been shown to him. Kew Y ork, a s the great commercial city of the Union, has always a friend- ly and affectionate feeling towards t t o North and Soufly, and I trust that when our young friends aha 1 return, tbey a ill tell tbe men of the South that we are devoted to the Union and constitution, and that whatever may be- tide we shall to found protecting the right, whether it be inNewYorkor Inanyof theStates of tbeSouth. He eloquently concluded with an appeal in favor of support- ingsound,conservative, Union>and national principles. His remarks were greeted throughout with loud and en- thusiastic applause.to the third regular sure in being called upon i hod been proposed. H e friends were assembled around the social board this rening, snd be felt great pride in being allowed to part in their festivities. aw can coy oae now tell to what extent probable party itself, and not the form in which it comes. A Eatttm habitations art: a palace to look upon; all fair on A grand complimentary dinner was given last evening, He could not forget that his own father participated in .«Btnat:oca w il to affected by the ideas political ma brave people measure tyranny by principle, and not ttt outside, oMdprftentiTw tke appearance of a houu (hat is the splendid banquetlag hall of tbo Metropolitan Hotel, tbe war of 1812. (Applause.)! Tto boor was so late,tbrevghout lis whole social and indostrtol system, ttw..ufo he estiaguiahed. In ah-wt, it declarer that "ali*h«> territory-of the United States must sad shall to Ikesterritory, s o matter though it to slave territory whenacquired, and that every State admitted into the Union a stew coaaunist tyranny. The federal govcrnmen shall be a free State, no matter whether slavery exists in might to abolished to-morrow, and the South would onlyolanteerToasts.Ac.,&c.,4tc. .vannah-Republican Blues, a fine represenutiv9 a IlilVV Vtl FWfaaaa^rwtMES8MA BYSAIWALM. •"*iLegialaturee nor State Conventions can retain, protect or know that an injury bad been done to tor. Her protocintroduce slavery," It declares that tbe relation between two comes front her State governments, and under these ces or doubts they may hare heretofore,entertained matter and stive in tbe States of Florida, Alabama. Loui- alone. If the Union were in ruins, she coald achieve her of tbe devotedness of tbo North to tbe Union, and siana, Texas, Mhwatippi, Arkansas Tenoossee and Ken-tacky to ifieaal aad violative of the conetitotlon, aad thatthe jdaves have a right t o rise - i s insurrection againsttheir BBsattaCt IWhnt wssM have toss the courso of thisparty bad it been in power during the recent invasion ofVirgin*? Under tbe auspices of Lincoln and biddings andSumner, apostles «f confusion and enemies of peacefuladvancement, it, would neeeessxily have sided with t h eabolition traitors who bad invaded that commonwealth,."-ballwepermit a party stsinet with treason, hideousThe Terrible Magaacres of Clarfg- tians in Syria.mJsmm*+mBmSassassarasajBasastoaj\APOLE0\ DETERMINED TO IMTEWBRE. The ZBfMal. View of the Africanif tke Nock republican part* tmetdtTt has been said that if the republican party succeeds inthe pending Presidential election, it will succeed throughthe forms of the constitution, ana that we must wait foran "overt act." It is immaterial to a free people whe- Kansas sod "squatter sovereignty,1' has exuoted the re- ther they are oppressed under the forma of a constitution sources and rights of the South. Upon both we may or over and against its forms; they resist oppression safelyRtand. fkit UnionisjustatIrowBerrtetttttmanyby the weight of its immediate blow, or by the guiseia which ft sSpears. What boots it to the South whetherher foes despoil her through tbe perverted forms or theconstitution, or M and against tbem t What boots it and that all that ke sea about him is a coating of paint, to tbe South whether her foe to hypocrite or assassin, ifsafety aad prosperity? She vWll meet the future with or- ganised governments, and not i s a confused and chaotic condition.its soundness on the political questions of the day, bave ere this been dispelled, and that the loud croakings of the abolition doctrines aad braggadocis of an < irrepres Bible conflict" between the North and South, is a myth and a ildusion, ontcrtajmod only b y a email body of fa- natics.fhmdd lastfor generations; Imt the matter puts hit walking, stick or kit bfiotheel tkrouch the raftert, and he finds that theuMto ants hate eaten ail tke substance out of the timbers,brief visit to this city. The distance travelled by the not to intrude upon the attention of the audience. There were many things be could say, but In default of time he guests at this time of the unsettled state of the country would only remark that union, fraternity and a determi- nation to maintain tbe right, would always lead to suc-rhich an intrustTM blow may disperse in a cloud of dtist. Tke tkirtinti boards have already perish*!. the rsvfUrs are now ready to tumble in.is fraught with interest to the Union, and created no small degree of enthusiasm.VfooT the South have done everything to preserve theLieutenant Webb, ileorge W. Fdckbam and several otherTHEThe following is tbe celebrated letter written by Mr.to enlarge, but to suugest merely. To f.ia. S. SUWUTTXR.W . 1.. YANCKY.reflect the utmost credit upon the officer? oi' tbe Metropo- litan Hotel and the Committee of Arrangements—W. H. DraperW.Merchant,E.C.Jones,Lieut.E.LStone,and C. K. 1oi man, of the City Guard.pany—The Republican Blues and their Visit to New rork—Organisation of a Rt Battalion to do theHonorsontheReturnHomeojtheBluts, dx.ties, an innovation upon the rights of the Commons, aad that it is incumbent on the House,to adopt measures for tbe restoration of its- rights and privileges.Mr. Gladstone had also stated h a intention to with- draw an amended resolution ia reference to t t o paper duties.Two additional failures in the leather i Sons, bide merchants. Newcastle, a n d army boot contractors, near NortbampY ANCEYMANIFESTO.is ina V T k s FrsuerMi- of Norther* a a d Sowttient Cttlsea. ate Regular Tsattt Baeechce HS. Jtokgja JgclCeoH, CataJfclBJ A m . . How. Wan. P . Stiles,inder of the other Beet ion, an " overt act'f la it no "overt W. L. Yancey,"of Alabama to Mr. Slaughter, of the same Guard and Republican Blues. Dodworth's mammoth best of spirits. They proposed ta variety of toasts, mostact"' to see tbe government in tbe hands of those who will commit oar honor, dignity and interest abroad to a Bat of Holy Willies and Green Acres, whose sole occupa- tion it will be to defame us, and with supple ministries to ingratiate themselves with foreign aristocracies.State:—MoxiiOMXKV, Jane 15, I860. DBUK Sm—Your kind favor of tbe loth is received. I hardly agree with you that a general movement can be madethatwill clear outtheAugeanstable. Ifthede-Band occupied a position at the extreme end of tbe room,and enlivened the scene with tbe popular musical selec-tions of the day. The banquet bail was most brilliantlyilluminated by four large chandeliers, and on the sidesofof which were drunk with iclat. Altogether the whole affair passed oil with much satisfaction, and no one who witnessed tbe proceedings could declare but that the sup- per was a perfect success.The Blues w il be reviewed[to-day at half-past ten o'clockA.M.,bytheMayorandCommonCouncil,infront*• I••News from Nicaragua*, OCX SAN iVAS COKRESFOKDKM. K.tables, and tbe eleganLwhiic coots of the City Guard, with * the elegant scarlet nsn gold trimmings and neat, martial appearance of the dark bine coats and silver trimmings of tbofravonuohBines, formed a most pleasing contrast.wcare, like the New York people,mbch interested in any- thing which exhibits superior excelk-nce in military tac- tics, and only regret the out iff the way location of Sa- vannah, whkh precludes the poisibili 'y of the Zouaves ex-SJWJVAS »» Noavx,June2%,ISMO..(Saint John's Day) on last Sunday, \w»en an oration wasJudge Advocate DeIyon. of theBines: Lieut. Thomas,and tbe writer—who has.wito^bscd: t h e drilling o f t h et i tbe army; chaplain S. D. Baktr. Ninth regiment re-tto teachings of the aeaMtaasia)N the North to or died as martyrs, but because we can furnish many delivered before the Lodge and invited guests by l*»*t nrescBtatiwefthQ4\rsjt aT iesvett,'fuiur & On., of 'this Guard—enly hopes that, for tiic honor of Georgia, theit weum hare inflicted irreparable injury apon tbe Southby combining the majority ;section into a unit againsther; b y sowing divi*ion among us. and b y showing thatsectional domination may be exercised, with impunity. adorned by the presence and smiics oi LU< udn-.iu.d, New .Tcrsev State Mibtia; eou> oiluiau Lent and Uoo. W. and eflerted a temporary organization, principally toBa-tbe last election for trat town. The jury wars iooke-l up, but about half-past ten lost night returned a verdict of not guilty.Julius F. Calkins, the chief mate of tbe American ahj> Henry Clay, was charged before tbe Liverpool magistrates with causing tbe death of a Portuguese sailor, by croseiag a sttge at tbe side of the ship upon which the Portuguese was standing. Tbe evidence, however, not being clear as to the intention of Caulkins, whether it was merely to give tbe deceased a "ducking,'or to drown him, and it appearing that be rendered all tbe assistance be cou'd to rescue the man when in tbe water, tbe magistrates da- missed the case.Whenever the spirit of a people to degraded, their subju- gation te inevitable. In all probability tbe black repub- lican party would be expelled from power alter four years, because its leaders arc Intent upon spoils, aid would soonaltogether, the occasion was a most dtiigUuu.1 om Tu<- Lodge here, though small, is an inturest-ng »*.• , v. •<k.ug i n d e l i g h t ; u i h a r m o n y , a n d i f , c o m p o s e d o i i h - U . - H i u > J1'trl.bnm. *L*i. ' " - 1After the command tone seated was given by Captain Lovctl f,.e din of knives and forks on the plates com t u t n< i • ! . a n d a c h a r g e m a d e w i t h t h e v i g o r o f a S o l f c r i n osis t in the reception of their comrades upon their return fr< in your city; they wtll probably turn out over a hun- dred on that occasion. For tbe benefit of tbe absent mem- b e r s o f t b e c o m p a n y I s e n d j y o u a l i s t o f t b e n e w o f - licors —Richard P. Guerrard, CaptainJ William D. Dixon, i n Lieutenant .Tobn J. Jackson, 2d Lieutenant. I'Mward S. Kempton, Ensign. .ino C.Taylor,1stSergeant. Moses J. Solomons, 2d Sergeant Alvin V. Miller, 3d Sergeant.•capias to the sectional domination which to now threat-ened against her, this calamity will inevitably befall, un- quarrel: because tbe mind of tbe North to not trained to of the town. The present Worsuijjiul M.i-t. r - .1. i» .\ttack. was soon made oa the good things.#«'*iflless the whole history of the world be ssversed, and tbe dter.tial principle of humanity to revolutionized. No lease ess safely commit their rights and civilization to tat custody of another and hostile commonity, and it to •4* to deny that the North to to the South a hostile com-WaaWdj •Amoment's examination will stow thai this is noun-the higher rear ties o f government, a n d because tbe party itself ia a cougjomerstj of different and often opposing sentiment*. Bat, m obtaining power, it w|ll bars taught the North the secret of conquest, and our submission will make u s i t s victim. N o party—not even the asiu iulotte party la France—has ever been baser or more mongrel than to the republican party. It bas not courage enough to lift power above cunning, nor dignity sufficient to make even conquest respectable. It bas sever touched an oiBcc bat to pollute it, nor guarded a treasury bnt to plunder i t Surrounded with the ghast-Fletcher, Esq., formerly from your ( ty.Considerable freight is arriving iromtln iwu.i-i, iutended for New Yoik, consistingpriouK^y of,kid**,deerskins, coflee, Biazil wood and iidia,rubber . There i-1be following is the bill of fair < f the occasion. which -1 eaks for. itself, consisltog, as it docs, of all the dclica lies <>!'the aeason :—i'oMPIJMKMAKV BA.VQVSh I S KSXOK O r T l « SAVAKXAlfjof government, and a t tbe same time touch t b e founda- tiots of society- At the -North, government is supposed to to, almost entirely, the instrument of personal rights. AttheSouth,ittoheldtobe,laagreatdegree,theagent of property. Thus, impalpable theories o f equality a r e rife at the North, as* msjmty to ssstod and confiscated the moment i t stands in the way o f s a a e absurd dogma of pertooal rights. Is this way the education of tbe North drivel tor into communicn,and makes her the great, barren and destructive protector of human equality and ptrsonal rights. liberty there to supposed to arise from some pneumatic essence i a t h e atmosphere. or from seme peculiar property in tbe dirt, and per- sonal rights ars instated in unchecked and lic'cn- tious supremacy. A t t h e North, government to for tbe fugitive and vagrant individual man; at tbe South, itto equally for tbe family and the community and is hallowed b y the hearthstone and attar. Hence It is that the North attacks alavery, though it to the oldest institu- tion of property; though it comes to us clothed with his- torical dignity; and a whole train of remarkable insignia and memorials; g a d though carrying tbe torch o f civili- zation and stable government, it h a s travelled, in state,fUkcJ Apple |*ie». rlieii.v Pica, Wbortkiberrj Pi—, i uauerd Pies, Plum Puddiujr,l iibinet Puddlni;. charlotte Ru««e. S»1H Me.ringii!'-. Vnnilla Klsj-es. Udj s Iaucy lake ImintAlmonds,_And bow can tbe wrnth be saved frMfctoyury if the re- 1 t> at \ party who shall be able to demonstrate satisfacmitteeofArrangements,oftheCity Guard announced I."uc.itd'-MoreAttemptedPrixef jtiM" >a»hwas;•netted fir•asalute. ColonelPester,commandingRoyalArtille- thefollowing inabarber'sthep.comerofOliverindChenvsii-eei.-. Sreeay ryat Plymouth, will teiect a positionforthiademonKKtil'lA!: TOASTS. was arrested corner of Water ttret tod Cttiha.inet'Jp. T h e1. I h e Pietidentof lbs I nited States. Music—Wash old and respectable house eorner Otk a w l Oliver etreei-u ts st i at ion- On board tbe Hero yesterday, Copula George' torily that such harbor exists, and tbe feasibility of build publican party succeeds ia the coming mfcidential elec- leg a good road between it and the capital. It is like-tion? I answer, only by dissolving tbe government im- v ise contemplated to build a town on tbe coast in thely If this party succeeds, loyalty to the Union {.event of a good harbor being found, and do other wonder-will to treason lo the South. And will the South todl ftl things heretofore unthought of. Costa Rica is in highwrll kno*i-n, sad wilTalwtYS rei i aoMnde.r Its- present ni-o-vided upoa this issue* Will she not dismittUhe party fdudgeon with tor late ally in consequence of this projectIn your paper I see that I am cf urged with btioz one of ihesumptuous supper was served b j Major Ju*.ub 1'ius, o. tbe Star House, which was nuiucrousiy attended, suidalso a quantity ot Brazil wood already here awaiting J I I ItKUCAS «IU1>, BflHK XKW VoliK ClTV CIAIIO, AT< shipment to Europe. Trade, however, is very dull, and J .111 *\ Il(OK»lPA> lOrt.-.l., Mn.M'AV, JULY Z\- IShO.sthere is no immediate prospect of an improvement. The 5 English schooner Rachel arrived from Jamaica a day or J two since, and is loading with the remnants of ibiugs ; which once betenged to the okl Transit Company, or the < filibu>ter-. Joe Scott affects to be the present owner of ;j, M)cr.Chas. C. Millar, 4th Sergeant.Silas M. folding, 5th SergeantWin. F . shearer, Color BearerOur people expect yon to kecr. us posted on the move tbe formation of a National Rise Association like that in» RicahavingbecomeawareoftbeintentionofNicaraguat Filbert.-.on Sunday afternoon, undertook! to disturb the religious exerciseswhichwerebeingheldontheship,butwasar-ViceAdmiralSirCharlesircmautls,K.CW,in this matter, has sent a corps of engineers to the mouth of the Colorado, and thence down t h e coast towards rait ccek. with the view to find out a harbor at some point on the const from which a road can be constructed to San Jest, snd have set apart ten thousand dollars to be giveniretted by the Ninth precinct ponce and tdcen before Jus- tice Connolly, who con. mitteu h|m to answer.and the will convey all dapnaahk* men to tbe fleet. Tbe Mayor and deputed portion of the Oarso- ration of Devonporl, thnuld time permit, will present an address to the departing Prince; and tto CornwalltoobstructtheColorado,althoughsheha>nevermadethe .-lightest use of the water.- of this river, and therefore could receive no damage from the contemplated opera- tions of Nicaragua. There will besomething to talk a1>owt sn this quarter fer a time if nothing el?e results.P. S.—A new Italian boose, whose head is located at Genes, has just been opened for tbe trans* tion of busi- ness with the interior and the purchase of the products 0 the ccsntrr on an extensive scale. The agents in Gra Mda are Mrssrs. James Thomas ft Co.. tnd at San Joan dtlNorte, Mr. B. Squire Cotrell late United state* Comvenial Agent at that port.Airival* and Oeaartares. AJtRTVOX?'.i'!.„.ii.a.v-.M»B..i.:p abuioo—C H Urootcc,,!tT4; e; W^Amer and bdt-. Ttsm BarntMirr, Mk« Ajtple. B_rA VowuV,twt» children »trf servant adraadeaftd. nad two e a daiMucie by the bond.4- *%T guests—the .Savannah RepubliCau Blues—theproud Tepiesentati^esof the .Southeia chivalry, their ad- vett wafts to us the fragrance of our country's repose. We- iCwuys will love thest as our countrymen and esteem thi m as brothers in arms, their alliance - is not for a day but for all time.*' Music—Bold Soger Boy.a. Ihe cities of Savannah and N'ew York—The meeting oi the t:lia-8 ind the City Grard, have produced an og- «i i ing of w hich tbey may well be prond. We will foster and cherish St for our own sakes and for the good of our eeuLiry Music.s.IheCnton,nowamforever—Itmustandshallbe preserved.T. TbePiess.—Frte ir«iu liceniioosaess it forms t b e «irr»geist bulwark.in protecting tbe riglda and privileget of a nation o f freemen.IrrneTo my turpriie f was tiken to thtistation bouts atOf wbleb I st» perfectly yachts belongicglto various clubs are assembled ia theU J jJ "5Dg\ thrown Out withloos ose, but Misses McLane the horses to athat gentlemanwas Situation was a peri- of mind. She of tbe a ia bringing a mile from Mr MiUlsran spikehaving aches. He the cooatry scat or his Jcs, where aft artsDr. J. M. Carnochan, ofgrackHs='ypleasedtointimatethattowillreceivet or, s i from tbe Mayor aad Corporation a m i d Catto present one on board tbip, but wtll "at Pe vi-aport Coder these <- theT brothers, (aaphwss.) We trustthatthiswill to but the beginning: and as tto South bas aetthe the Metropolte-The Barw-eting stall «»t example,ahowiagtottoNorth(batareregardyouatto- longing to tb* tame happy land, we hope ear bretbert of tb- North will visit and ahow as that they regard us as brothers. (Prolonged applause.) Fellow asadiers, I will giveyonttosentiment-TtoVes YorkCityGuard-Whentbe Republictn Brass cease to regard y o n a s their brothers, may our right hands forget their cunning.(Prolonged cheers.)HAtoaWooD, ia response to tho fifth regular toast,er Heaxiqmcs s n d expressed his regret that to was not in tto city to wel-<ward-TtoeWayTtosyFasti SaatUssaampied receiving the congratulations and hospitalities of ourHon. Jolts McRaox respondi toast. He said he felt great pi to reply t o the sentiment whiel was glad to find that sospiritBroadway, to the Savanasb Republican Blots, now on a and there were so many to spook, that he felt he oughtcess.Councilman Lent, Corporal G.I A. Mercer, of tbe Blues,citizens, w h o have suswn a most towards our Southern brethren.o'clock before tbe City award and their guests arrived at the Metropolitan.Tie banquet ball a s s very gorgeously decorated. American flags were hung in graceful festoons around tbe ball, and on either side the company flags of the CityInionandpatrioticsentiments. Tbefestivitieswere ference.of the States of the Union.illuminated t h e room.placed in a longitudinal position, extending tbe whole length of tbe room, and one semi-circular one, at which tbe prominent guests sat, were lard for two hundred and fifty guests. All of these tables wore profusely orna- mented with natural flowers, and an endless num- ber of tbe most chaste and exquisite designs,ap- propriate t* the occasion,, in confectionery, cake- work, sweetmeats, &c The whole of the ornaThe light of the gas brilliantly There were t w o long tablesThe Savanntk Military Men am the Chicago Zouaves—Tkeconducted with tbe utmost precision and order, and Acceptance of the Zouave Cht >ge by a Georgia Com Lot ds, in rejecting tbe bill for the repeal of tbe papar du-mentation, as well as she general arrangements, wereAlter tho boats and their guests bod marched into theAt the principal table Captain LovoJI,-of fhe City Guard, presided. On h i s right s a t Captain Anderson, o fnounced. failed.Rider & Co., leather factors, PaxilDeparture of Vol Cautyfor England—Navigation if theRiver fktn Juatt—Operations on the Colorado—0xs>a the savannah Itiuet*; lieutenant Webb, United tending their line of march so {far .South. It is currently Rica in High Dudgeon, dr.. «ft States army. Hon. Win. P. Hill's, or t.eorgia; reported and believed that the ColUmbos Guard, of thisTbe new act to check Rnglish insolvents from-aya.iirc themselves of the Scotch Sequestration Courts became law on the 3d mat.In tbe Central Criminal Court, Wm. Macfall, a law writer, living In Berwickon the Tweed, was charged with having committed perjury before tbe Parliasra.The Masons of this town celebrated then auuivcrsary < aptain Schley, of the Bluer: Hon. John McKcon; State, have accepted the challenge of ^his celebrated corps,the City Guard; Col. D. II Gregory, Jr., of tbe-.Second regi- ireM New Jersey State Militia: lieutenant C'lonolFLrris, \.nill i.gimexi: Major B. 1>. Griunoll,Second regimentthe City Guard; that tbey should fall into the hands of this corps is indeed unfortunate fer the pious members of the Bines. {t.ieenT urtle,Sprlnj; Veget«b!c<.rtsH Polled Sthnon, Idkster tanee,Moiled Spanish Mackerel, -tew.udi -*>v e. ROii.in.It is said that tin Emperor of tbe French bos authorizedsJ ri).n of Beef,J 1 ial>, mint s a w ,>i lv.p, d 'ftuiev. wi.h iclley, Paitien rf Veal, with truffles.5 ljutatcrtialad,'; BSTSIKS.s 'I'i'i.dei'kihi of Beef, larded. Willi spring vegetable*. J Jiioiled Lamb (hopa, breaded, tomato .saucp> Sw efsU>n»ads, larded, Wriih Riven peo«j r mall BJnls, 011 loaiit uteward't sauee.* Yiiiow I^f; Snipe, with olives.J i ii-queuea of Rice, vanilla davor.; -ul'i t bell Crabs, fried plain.s lireafci of Chicken, larded, muthiootu -au..e.J s>ii.si-«, with biring beana.* I ii.-.n.'e»r, of Veal, fcrded, with *nia!l lomainps3 CAME.J Broiled W eodcoek, on toast.J # vsnr.TASLKs.> B,rtlfl and Mashed roiamea, Va*bed Turnips,I'taebes \!Inmowls, Kiisius.a*.s«K»T. fig PaSe, gHotboutetPrases,lneapple*.ngush Walnuts. PecanNuts, Watermelons.KOAST.After nmple justice had been done the edibles andHam, Madeira sauee,Intelligence.PoliceANeffllKK l'l.otUBLT. MlTRBSB—A WoftUX TSKBIKLV RKATKUTRT HKI. HVSBA.ND IS TBS FIRST WABP.—About two o'clock Sunday afternoon, James BertsForth, an Irish ltborcr, living at No. II Washington street, beat his wife, Bridget Beresfortb, in a most shocking manner, with an iron book used for hauling cotton bales. She was conveyed to Bellevuc Hospital, where it a thought she will die of her injuries. Beresfortb wgs arretted by officer Byrnes, of the First ward, to whom he stated that be commuted the act while intoxicated. } mwARREST OF A I-IWYO FOR EMBXI*LKJCB5T.—Richard T.Dening, a counsellor a t law, and) acting notary for the Ar-tisans' bank'of this city, preferred %complaint against alawyer named Isaac L, Taylor, doing business at So. 84Nassau s'.reet, whom he charges with embezzling $66 4 4 ,in tbe following manner:—Mr. Bening alleges that on tbe 3d met be employed Taylor to- collect two promissory notes, for $256 and sSOl 44. and a t tbe time appointed for the delivery of the money Taylor stated that the notes bad been protested, and he would return them. Mr. Dening soon after learned that one af tbe notes hod been collected-, and upon calling upon Taylor the latter admit- ted tbe fact and banded him 9S35 of the amount on the faceofthenote. Therest, itlis alleged, be retained. Justice BreiinaubPld tbe accused in $500 to answer the charge. 'SKRIOISAirRAYL\THESIXTHWAED—Lasteveningadis- turbance took place a t No. 16 Franklin street, during which a woman, nameiM atherint Walsh, was seriously cut in tbe bead with a glass bottle by Thomas Dennis. The wounded woman was conveyed |o tbe New York Hospital, and Dermis and one Mary Sullivan locked up to await tbe result of Catherine's injuries, jMOSE TROCRIE on TBS GREAT EASTXRX —John Grant, afireman on board the Great Eastern, while intoxicatedTO THE i-niTon or rRE NEKAI-D.visics. Adjutant W. H-Praiier. chairman of the Com- I wi»b yon to eorrecttbe ttateax t iu vour paper of ihi* d*y Ai tU'.ery Volunteers bave received official nersuastos toH. Sevmour, C. B . hoisted hit brood penont as nommti dore of the s<cono cVs. Tie Hero will be accompanied to Caaada by tbe screw steam frgate Ariadne, 36, Capt.Edward M. Vansittart: tbe screw steam stoop Fryteg Chiefof theAmerican Army—beiovei athome and re pa:utsinaprizenfbt. faisjt geiber a misiske. Iwas Fith. 6, Commander Charles W. Hope, aad theroyal sjH'e'tcciabroad;mayheangcontinuetonilhisproudpo- oircneu nearthecornerIf Waterjstreet and e""athariiie aUp. yachtOsborne,1,MasterGeorgeH.K.Bower. Tbeyacht titicn with honor to hiaselt and glory to his country. without bavin* anv UvmgperBen With me-. I was on my way wtll be used by tbe II into ta tbe colony. A aatnber ofinston's March.i. 1 be Governor of iha State- of Kew \ ork! Musis.Z. Lieutenant tieueral Winfleld Scott—The. venerableprketor,SAMUKL BltOW.V. TO TBE EIHTW! or rur hTJurn,_ iTtospet srtore A letter of regret frem Col.M.M.VanBurea,ofthe 1rects me to irouret that tbe iwill assemble a t tbe Conseil < day>.attwoP.M.forthepis-postof agressa Me a.dms. to be presented hy a depumttou < the Mayor. Recorder, Tows CSrt, and eight l the CMneh The admiral nmeristesdeattai mfced toplarsatbe emharkstjsaat a s hear oft^SoaJSSatr.ThtfoBowtoa t the reply of baltoyaJlft^i it fc..- a , t- .rUntitled DocumentKffatad. eaet b y'asms to tto AMws sa^rosctod youryour osmmKtoedT^^•* ?*^ 5f•Wwseaa*hackwithprtoaImany cokmatt tore aaharked o s ttolr great a from your shores. B atoll s o t to a y faJrt tf I fail i convey to our brethren across tto Atlaatic tto fJ"THOMAS StTKKST.City latteUtgeaeeor Man.—On Mondak, July 16, near Mellon*-Sound. * tTh* following has been issued to members s f t t o D;- von port Corporation:—Tcwx ci»WK> Ornnt, DXVOSTORT, Jury g , 1M0. SIR—I am instructed by the Haver to inform yea thaihis roy a! Higbnrt s t be Prince o f Wales a expected toprc carriage,driven by Br. Bsrarji Milllgan, of New Or- ceed bywater frr-m the hieofWight to H.M.8.Hero* 1rilto, on the Boston a a * Hudson ftoilroad, tbe horses of akans. aud containing besides hm>self three ladies (M rs.MiBiganandtheMiasesMelssejof Hudson).tookfright then.o-nit.g of thelOib. B>RoyalITigtoaa1,|T;•- . =i i•(unard rcrew steamship Jura, f a p a l amails, arrived at t t o Needles at nine morning of tbe 11th inst.e'click o st t odim t. getting on board tbe latter oa the evening of Mon-day, the «nh in«t.. and taking bit departure for Caaada onaddress of ttoI Ma. MATOS ABTJ'~ of Devonsort:—...jaas>i Thomas M. Tryni 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com, as Vskiahassrs whteh tto aarht sVa^saaattolafgr^^rttSBin a 