 IPilesofRiodoJaneiro paperstoJuly U have deTOte^adhewitofliritiahlatereata. Iupro- too wild, fanaticalaad revolutionary I come to hand. There is no n e w of aayimport- pagsodists have ever sought in England the ap- which had become rampant and threatened the aace. The reiemoay of taking the oath of fealty, plause and sympathy which hat been denied very existence of the social and political fabric, « % , ( * the imperial princess Donna Isabel, second them at home. We need cite only the conductdaughteroftheEmperor,wantotakeplace lathe observedtowardsMrs.Stowatomeyearsaince,Senate Chamber, on the 2Mb ult., her birth day.to get the See of EtchmJadzm jurisdiction, and thus influencethroughtin, which 1teos, l i e former patriarch a t who took an active part fn the the Protestants. Further. Ruasla:tfCoostaatiitht Russian service, —ntmt tn persuade the Armenians to combine their three Sons into one; the one of course to be that of Etchmiadrin.It b plain that this pttooablo people would not haft thus compromisednot been instigated andand by the repiIto whieh Buenos Ayrea, after having sworn **« found in Massachusetts. There a "higher oature never intended them to be; rocks have we shall cite bom these prophets of the "higher mother church had the right to use the buria that tht canab could not convey another toa;.-:<strata att parts ofAs all our commercial revulsions have beta preceded by apeiiod of wild fpeculation. so we find that within tht last couple of months the Stock Exchange has been marked by t ra- pid rise of all classes of railroad eecuritiea. Railroad stocks that are absolutely valueless as investments have, without any appreciable cause, run up from ton to twenty per centNEW YORK HERALD.W i ^ * < ^ A ^ f > A A ^ A ~DU1I • »*••.*'*,carried M , aad trade v u presperooa. Th?d»- created between Northern and Consul, HeouVrsoo. fn the b- terian communions among us,TheCanardmaitftpflk f/fj DUffi *OQ i S^BB W a^enems^oaataj « a w a*s v ^m s^«s*«afteraoM at » quarter past ss» •'dock to fo bv railroad,and Western, at which the market became more ranks. Let the patriotic and conservative im- publican creed, and it is rather too late in the HERALD will be found a carefully prepared aad•at atetar aiamew ^F a*w^ssjsBBk ^BBT^s^^lapar bushel lower, but it was quite active. Pork wasa $19 » , and of now prime at $14. Sugars were steady, the traitorous "Massachusetts school," to tht der two standards—one the black banner ofand threatening to sweep it to perdition.The Armenian Riots S t Constantlavople- llauian Intrtgwe Again Busily avt Week.By recent advices from Constantinople we learn that there has been an outbreak in the very heart of the capital itself. And the tu- mult on this occasion was not excited by Mus- suldten, but by the Christians themselvesTh« taaiaats of tat gfjattaiwUi oembta* UMaews received by mall and Ulefraph at tht otto* d'orteg taa previous weak, and op to the hear of pcV.icatioe.rioNATB TO rax MEANS.—We have bean con- sistent and undeviating friends of the Central Park. We have appreciated the advantages which such a breathing ground, tastefully laid out and carefully kept, would confer upon our teeming population. We have, therefore,given to the enterprise, from its inception to tne pre-• as itwas in 1852, the issue being the same,», but1L '• •Inow more clearly defined. The hopes ofthe republicans hitherto were founded on theinsane and suicidal divisions of the conservativeelement and the belief that they would notunite against the commonfoe. Thosehopes are against Christians, aad originated in an at-masV rom TO rieyno.Mar, capt. Janes, wtil HaveMr. Seward has truthfully told ns that he has"studied in the school of Itaeschusetts," and sent day, the support of our influence. Threetempt to bury a Protestant Armenian in the consecrated ground of the old Armenian church, from which the Protestants are seoeders. Seemingly, this was a mere ebullition of Eastern fanaticism, but it was, in reality, of deeper sig- nificance and origin.The steamship Quaker City, Captain 8chufeldt,pleasant walks, but no cool and shady vestingaw i mimthat from there ho hat derived the "higher law/' aad the brutal aad bloody teachings to an - impressible conflict'' between his coun- trymen, the enlistment in which by Lincoln constitutes his only claim to a seat in the Presi-dential chair of these United States.This Is a bold acknowledgment The"school of Massachusetts'' is well known for its devotion to British interests and British de- signs; and more than once has it gone to theyears have elapsed aince the work wan com- menced, and it is full time to examine whether the results obtained are proportioned to the means employed and the moneys expended. Tht third annual report of the Commissioners not being very intelligible or satisfactory, we commissioned one of our reporters to visit the Parte, examine it carefully, and give a fell and impartial account of all that has been done andnow dissolved into thin air, and the gleam ofsunshine has only served to weaken the toowhich the republican leaders tread. Hencetears of blubbering Webb. - The fusion of th<Bell and Douglas parties in this State, the cobination of the Breckinridge and Bell partiesin New Jersey, and the union established InPennsylvania in despite of the sinister effortsof Forney to throw the State into the bands ofthe republicans as the price of the Clerkship ofthe House of Representatives, hare made himweak in the knees. The conservative elementisrisingandswellingundertherepublicanplat- sembles theGreek and the Roman in many in tile beginning of the summer. The soleGovernor, Senor Erhagne, was expected every Clive had laid the foundation of a new empireSM.W1V. Whole amount of tolls received from the opens* of navigation to and Including the second week aday. He had arrived at St. Thomas, aad a steamerbad beta despatched there to take him to Porto It was an empire within an empire, and the EastUnion itself, and that it is not only the duty of! church fellowship. The schools which they$l,3tt VHtt TMJ1S SOSSaUITMBko.A letterfromCieafuegos, dated August 1, says: - Accounts from the interior are very satisfactory, aad kind nature is supplying as with plenty. The shipment ofsugar and molasses continue active to the States aad to Europe; but in two weeks a cea- aat on will take place until the new crop sets in,which u at present very promising. Political af- fairs are quiet, and with the Cubans much indiffer- ence pervades the town, aad bearing particularly towards all nations except France, with whose representatives the dignitaries of tins island are hiiasepartble friendship.NewsfromBuenosArretUtoJane29,andthe political events of the month have been interesting A compact of union between the Argentine Con- federation aad the province of intaoa Ayrea was celebrated at Parana on the « a and ratified by both governments on the 19th. A decree inunodt-ately issued for the assembling of a oaav—Mimjg itcc. within thirty days, the retnlt of whose deliber- atioaa was to be auhssJttad te fee text National fv»all good citizens to frown down any such attempt but, if necessary, to bear arms in de- manufacturing proselytes. Sectarian books . Increase iu 1860.tho British batereatelnci eased.From Paraonay the newt by the last mail from Northern Methodist church here should sepala someBlissesof produce.A tUrn veryAfterAaceasioawtsmtislsctory. Baflrotds through therate from the Southern; then British Presbyte rians required that the tame abyss should beA bosse divided against itself cacannot ttaad.HOst arodscttrt rogjon* w wbeing vigorouslyI heitove th«s government cannot endere permanent r half s'eve and hair tree. 1 do not expect Eat Lhioa to a . distoired—l do not expect UMhrjss to otL--b£t I do t aover the city.this statement, for It it well knwwn that R:«tabeen ejxltiftguisbed by-this time and the en! nr*rrnct completed with sever. e*-t of ar»t*: c ta*aflau- of CaiUatt, had given rise to e.vertlcns to brtng about a Sooth American alliance. with which questionmany jonrnab hivarious repc.blfca, tod even in Braafl, wore occupied.eifort baa bats made to dWda the churches.During i U i n t t - " « » .choor has shown M a s * * be thehusettsfor Preai-dent knows what his^own opinions art a little D£tlCT UasnA UvDCa»* *»VnrVf awIMn.nawranti-slavery agitation will nctnd it attttnti, and that "tarn government c * ^ e a 4 o x e permanently nalftinvn and half froe." Woaohnoymanofcnr^tooaywho- tber this doctrine, which is the cardinal point ofthe republican creed, the faandation on which Mr. Lincoln carried on his political cam- paign in Illinois, is not diametrically opposed to the creed set form by Chevalier Webb. We now come to the speech of Senator Seward, delivered in October of (ho tamo year, and wo also quota it from Greeley's book, at pageKl:—: These aatagoaiitic systems are continually comlag iattcloser contact, aad colUsion results. Shall I tell you what * Ttoy who ttin* that it is accidental, t of interested or fanatical agitators, the ease altojretber. Itoltinnately be tilledelsetheryefiSiaaadwfae*lcotteVade^w/ttHae*Washington this morning. The letter is very tart, and beam ear marks of being the Presldent't own« %frk x-r-'"' r -*"'t J I "the Massachusetts school" and their Britishprovided^aecomposition.'" ••/••'- ~r.oa Saturday embraced 15,000 bales, The run was chiefly on middlingthe slave and free States, aad His the existence of this Like that, of valiant Bqb Acres, at ho floun- gsaatfact that readers all such sveasnded eompromiass,is to protect tht Catholics of Syria and fill that country with her soldiers, it follows that Russia will bo justified in extending the same protec- tion to the Greeks and Armenians of Constanti- nople. Such ia the game now being played out. Verily, the "Eastern Question" is becoming more and more difficult of solution, for, between grasping Christianity and fanatical Islamisn, the sick man seems to have bnt little thanot of dying a natural death.Otm FINANCIAL AND OewrawaffTai, Pnosnors—BIKASXRS AHSAD !—In another part of to day'sUTtxa Black*Tof the times, the counter revolution at the Ncwhich is taking place in the popular mind.sober second thought prevailing at last^BW W•BMSSnV VJ^Sfc^ B F^Sw^^«^S*j^BIrThe latent accounts from Pernambaco represent and the sympathy to-day emended to Dr. yellow fercr to hare boon ragtag there. Cbeever. to prove this. At last the tint cameAfrican, which arrive* aft la« fait fro« to divide political parties in obedience* #rt-time tfsh intereata, and "the .tassachusetw athool"ofsaitiag ftthutt.) venew en-a wte,v»wwr,w»reaetyinwawut. aVsl Has-ttrely abated in that place. rachusette' first too stood in the waft Thea correspondent in Arisoaa, fob- "school." however, know no ties of alto* orand, resulting from this, the now combinations oftheconservativeelementagainstthecommon danger, have thoroughly alarmed the repubU- can leaders, who have no looger any confidenco in the bsue they have raised before the coun- try, but are like men treading cautiously a ad with soar and trembling on treacherous ice which by n gonial thaw has grow* tat thta and too weak to support their weight and may at any moment give way beneath their feet andin oar paper to-day,toformaus kindred, and Wabeter was sent to his grave,that three unoffending Americana had been mur- even hteBtatue denied a place in Massachusetts engulf them In a cold, watery grave.dered at the Ban Pedro mines, by Mexicans, while i» the peaceable discharge of their dirties. The nuny of the persons massacred were!—rreaenoxbeUs, because bit patriotism would not hand to the behests of British schemers. While these destructive efforts west going on in the West,They are half way ac roes ' tht river, and are sadly puzzled end distracted as to whetherand mining engineer;I John C. MossVai • the most strenuous exertions were made to>IwWJethat grade down to ordinary were Irregular, wallathe higher qualities, Including fair, wart rather scarceand nominal, as there was litUe oflhrlng. The accounts setts, and to urge on the brutal and bloodyto hand from tne South represent no decided im- 'irrepressible conflict" to which he assures as proTemenU in the prospects or the crop at the South, *omaterially affected by the lata drought oa high lands, and that Lincoln owns his obligation, and ac-In a long leading article in last Saturday'sCourier and Enquirer, under tht caption of" Republican Doctrines,'' he betrays his appre-hensions of the approaching doom of the repub- ending, uncompromising antagonism—war toon whicb is usually grown the he*Tie«t portion of the ag-he is no longer safe upon its slippery platform.sad prices closed, on las sales of the week, at an ad- vance of },c. per pound, especially tor refining goods. Coffee waa firm hot quiet. Freights continued to rule arm, especially fer English porta. Among the engage* meats were wheat to LiverpoA, in bulk sad bags, at lid. a ll>»d. andflourat Ss. 8d.The Higher L*w amd the HassaofemaotU School off American. Polley-Oar Trai- torows Allies to BritIsh Schemes.designs of tht worst enemies of his country.I t o CKNTRAL P ARK—Is ran RESULT PEOPOB- knows that the result will be the sameBioWe publish elsewhere some very interesting cor* very verge of treason, while it has ever Is being done toward making it an agreeable,Tht Armenians are very tenacious of theirreligion, and being, as it were, a communityisolated from the government, have made theirfaith a bond of nationality and union, anduntil now have thereby maintained their homo-geneity as a people. The Armenian church re- above the figures at which they ruledreapondeactfromonboardtheUnitedStates frigate exhibited a persistent opposition to every- pleasant andpopular resort for our citizens. Niagara, detailing the incidents that have ocoorred The result of bis investigations and tsquries) respects, but has no spiritual head like the i Pope. The form of government is episcopal, and includes in its ranks archbishops, bishops, priests and deacons. True, it has a higher functionary, designated the Catholicos, but his powers have no analogy with those of the head of the Romish church, for there are three who hold this dignity—one at Etehmiadzin, the other at Sis, and the third at Akhtamar. Theirduties are to regulate spiritual affairs only.form, which it will soon shatter and sweep away Japanese Embassy. A letter from Tommy to his perity and greatness of these States and will be found in another part of to-day's HE- as a spring tide in the Hudson breaks up thefriends in America will also be read with pleasure, to the glory of the American name. It RALD. ice when the return of genial weather has pre-tince the tailing of the ship with the returning thing that has truly tended to the pros-basis for this rapid rise in railroad securities was the very unsubstantial one of estimated short crops in England and a prosperous har- vest at the West It was calculated that this would give rise to a very large freight traffic, aad there is no doubt that such ia and will be the case. But o f what real advantage to the stockholders is an increase of traffic, when we all know that the railroads are irredeemably encumbered, and that all the profits are hardly adequate to pay up the interest on their bonds, much Jess diminish the amounttof their indebt- edness? And yet we see speculators dealing in these valueless railroad stocks, and rushingWe cannot congratulate our readers on the pared it for dissolution. Webb anticipates the tude of the young Eastern stranger. It will be when British cruisers were designing to very favorable features presented by this re- coming crash, and he runs away as fast as heexpressive at it it of the simple yet earnest grati- was "the Massachusetts school" in 1814,aeon that Tommy aspires to be educated at Anna- polis, aad signifies his intention to return to America for that purpose. Tht chief Ambassadors were applying themselves diligently to the study Of onr language, under the careful superintendence of the chaplain of thefrigate,and the voyage thusrepeat in every American port the vandal port The Park has ceased to be what it was can. His feet refuse to stand any longer on tht scenes they had perpetrated at Baltimore and a year ago, an attraction for equestrians or pro- principles of his party, and he falls back Washington, that called together the infamous menaders, and is fast being given over to that on another platform, which is as like condition of neglect into which one b y one allgar hat progressed very satisfactorily.The tttaanAi? Etna, from Liverpool on the 7th selves in mourning when the news came of theThere are several reasons for this. One of them is the disagroeableness of the approach, through a dusty region where pigs and porterThe civil head of the nation is the patriarch, people of the South believe i t If this be so. who is elected by the people from the bishops—Hartford Convention, and proposed to hang ont bine lights to guide the murderous invaders to the firesides of their brethren, and draped them-our public grounds, from the Battery up, have fallen.to republicanism as day to night, or Hyperion to a satyr. He says this is the Simon Pure re- publican creed, and that nine-tenths of theglorious victories of Jackson at New Orleans. It was "the Massachusetts school" that for yearsthen there is no use in a battle, for republican* ism will carry all the Southern States, and theaad Queenstown on the 8th Instant, arrived at thisport early yesterday morning. Her news, althoughnot to tats by oat day as that received by theGlasgow aad published yesterday, it much morecomplete than any we have received. A com-plete and literal translation of the two proto-cols of the Conference on Syria, held onthe 3dinat., tt the Foreign Office In Paris, will be foundtn our columns. The second one contains thesolemn engagement which the contracting Powers northern boundary rights, and every measure pleasantness of the approach were compen-that was antagonistic to British interests orhave taken upon themselves, to seek neither terri-torial aggrandizement nor exclusive influence nor conducive to make us a great rival power to itself, our citizens would still flock there in fa- commercial advantages for their subjects by the Britain. The whole of this policy is now con- vorable weather. Bnt it is n o tintervention. Thefirstregulates the details of the centrated in the "higher law" theory, the aboli-intervention itself, which is limited beforehand to a tion movement, and the proclamation of a brutal The interior is not much more attractive than duration of six months. Troops have already and bloody "irrepressible conflict" between the the exterior. Broad avenues there are indeed, sailed from France. The newt from Sicily is not Northern and Southern sections of this Union. but the leafless trees that border them afford important.and of these patriarchs there are several in va-fostered every scheme tending to create a mo- houses are the chief features. This is beyond neyed aristocracy in this country on the British tht power of the Commissioners to cause orrious sections of the country—so that they areBell party, the Breckinridge party and the not under the absolute control of the priest- them up to figures which they will never beplan; that opposed the acquisition of Texas, cure. Our city authorities might do somethingDouglas party may as well strike their colors hood. But the mass of the people, being unedu- worth.beforehand, and save the expense of a contest. cated, are swayed b y superstitious and tradi-the Mexican war, the supplies of blankets andmedicines to our victorious troops in Mexico, the rapid growth of the city will "be found theAs to the operations of the banks and of im- tional influences. Up to the last century and a porters, they are of a character to arouse ap-the acquisition of California, the defence of onrfighting, as the coon came down from the tallThis conflict, once initiated, would soon satisfythe most destructive hopes of British interestsno shelter from the scorching rays of the sun;right upon any Territorial Legislature;'' that -it two sects—the radicals, who prefer the Latin is a paramount duty of the general government service and disdain even to use their own lan-and the object of its creation, to protect the guage in their domestic converse, and the libe-States of the confederacy in their right to esta- rals, who retain all that Is national, and only blish and perpetuate slavery;" that any attempt acknowledge the Pope as the head of thearrived at this port last evening. She left Havana for this country. We propose, therefore, to places. The eye takes in a large expanse ofen the 15th. There is no news of any great inte- give a succinct but truthful view of the origin ground within the rude enclosure, and therest. A contract to pave the city of Havana with and aims of thm British school, its transfer to mind suggests that in future years all the ap-BelgianpavementhasbeenmadewithMr.Fair- Massachusetts,todtileintimateconnectionthat pliancesoftasteandartwillbebroughttochurch.child, of this city. The health of the city continued very good for the season. News from St. Thomas by the same steamer is to the 1st inst Ontheday previous a severe shock of earthquake was expe- rienced. No damage to property or loss of life is reported. The weather at the island was very pleasant aad the heslth remarkably good.of Congress "to abolish slavery in has since existed between the mother and bear upon it; but its beauties are only in pros- District of Columbia without theTan CANAL Tons—GRKAT INCREASE.—The Within the last thirty years Protestantism increase in tile canal tolls during the present has also been introduced through the efforts of yesr. as compared with the past, is quite large.daughter.When the American colonies achieved their independence, it was supposed by Englishputu, and it may bo that with time as with tion of the State of Maryland space— be a gross breach of faith;" that "'Tls distance lends enchantment to the view. negro hi physically, socially and morally in a We must confess that the results obtain- better condition as a slave in most of the slavethe American missionaries. In tht beginning there was little or no opposition, the missionaries being well received by the Armenians as friendsThe figures are as follows :—Tolls received oa an the canals of this State la the sec »Jin the East and thither their eyes were turned.August. IStO established proved mere establishments for Do. ia {itSSofa while the British Methodists demanded t i l t theThe mo«ey \ o»ed fcr th«*w^n'*rir»-whose behests he bad learned in Massachu-about So. par barrel tor some grades of State for woe, for life or for death, a soldier" in its blunderingly calls true republicanism, the genu- ly a froe labor nation." Here is too true re- tp••up,Cat*.Lsitea,will active.Wheatwa>heavy,andfelloffaboutle.per inearticle,"theOriginalJacobs."Nowthat dayforChevalierWebbtotrytosubstitutein the matter, but they will not Time and only remedies for this. If, however, the un- sated for by the attractiveness of tilt ParkThey ought to come down one by one toGeneral Webb, to save him the trouble of half they lived In unity and peace, until Catholi-prehension. The banks of this city have ac- tually at the present time a larger amount of loans out than they had in the inflated period immediately preceding the crash of 1857. OastONDA Y , m>mm\» " •••AUGUSTbushel for many descriptions. Com wasalaolc. to l * e . pulse in every American heart ponder upon the issue has been squarely made before thethe awful Import of these confessions, and country, and that the various parties and facj- another in its place, when he finds the strong easier aad less active; sake of mess were made at S19S1 guard his hand from giving support, through tiona*and cliques are ranging themselves un- tide of conservatism setting in against his partywel digested review of the past and present financial and commercial condition of the coun- try. In it the various financial revulsions that have swept over the United States at regular in- tervals, from 181* to 1857, art traced to their causes, and we are enabled to draw a parallel between the condition of things that preceded and brought about those revulsions, and that which we ate now existing in our centres of commerce and finance. If like causes product like effects, then it appears almost inevitable that we are fast drifting down into the whirlpool of another financial crisis. At all events, ws present to our readers the facte as they ttaad, and leave them to draw their inferences there- from.statesmen that a deadly blow had bees struck ed are not proportionate to the moans em- States than he would be in a state of freedom;" of tht people, having at heart no object bnt, 9KJS30 « 4T.4MMTht Porto Rico correspondent of the VUirio tie at the British empire, and that not only must ployed. Over ten thousand workmen have andfinally,that" every attempt on the part of their real welfare and moral advancement.la Marina, writing on the 2d inst, says the yellow the means be found to parry, but others most been at work on the Park for some three persons not inhabitants of such State to inter- But in time their influence increased to such anfever was raging there with great fierceness, at- bo sought to destroy, the young giant in the tackingnotonlyforeignersbutnatives.ThenewWestwhichhadgivenitThevictoriesofbeenexpended.Andwhathasbeenelected?constitutionallyexistsisacrimeagainstthe!tarianismandenticethelowerclassesfromthe Increaiein1SO0tMStt «•they should go on or back."whistling to keep their courage up;"hesitatefears whUe they press on butothers,tikereakyWebb,who never ckeep his own^ counsat much tost the s -others,are blurting out their inward•SMEW * pursuit of theS2?alveavia thetohVe itfPey lou. and of sugar in Mauritius add*knowledges that his only claim to tht Presi-yield. flour opened heavy, tad fell off dency is, that he "avows himself, for weal or He recedes into his old whiggery, which he ted States must, looner or later, become entire-sstJmtiielileofrultre,The outpouring of maooent bteodto atrtctmiddlliif; middling talrrradea, low middllnaaad structive tribe of British abolitionists, comescultivationof ottjlav<a|a% ofit agate be aurreader- 1tl*importiftheirai ,•: -i vVn- [Tift-^^^sTIg!.!' 'g»fryotiier'plt«isifThese art tht g»at outlines of the labors ofThe Chevalier perspires from every pore? and; the failure to apprehend this great truth that induces sohis courage oozes out at the tips of his lingers, maty, unsuccessful atttmpte at final compromise between door for intervention be opened? For if France0masters; and to-day M* Sewardy ffeei from England, and from conference with the de-ders back and falls on the ice, and scrambles up again, and thinks that every moment will be hislastwhit made, vain and ephemeral.Look upon this picture and upon tile picturepresented by Master Webb. What can be more different? One creed is a creed of compromise and peace, and the protection of slavery. The other is a creed of irreconcilable and neverforward boldly to proclaim the "higher law,"lican party, and exhibits his consciousness that)the knife against slave labor—an irrepressible, enduring conflict—which meant that the "Uni-revolutionary republicanism, and the other the flag of the Union—Webb is frightened,fforrh<eSome advancecism was introduced among them. This not only tree and surrendered when he saw Captain aroused the jealousy of the priesthood, but Scott with his unerring rifle. touched the patriotism of the people, who The Chevalier Webb says the creed of repub dreaded the dismemberment of their nation;Ucaniam is that -the constitution gives no right for Catholicism had a denationalizing tendency, the 4th of August of that year the lotus wereto the general government to abolish slaveryin any of the States or Territories of the Union.and consequently it cannot confer any suchLatinizing even the church ritual, to which in- novation some of the Catholic Armenians would not submit, so that even at this time there are5>120/>y7,uOO, and on the 13th of the present month the loans were $129,855,179—an increase of nearly ten millions of dollars .This accounts to some extent for the wild speculation on tat Stock Exchange, as it does also for the large foreign importations into this port In view of these indications, prudent men will trim their sails and look out for breakers.years, and about two millions of dollars have fere with the institution where it legally and! extent that they began to insinuate their sec-Julv.iatO Do in l i t ettSTSttll 9«J»TflThe drainage of the ground, the opening ofthree and one-third miles of road and sevenmiles of walk, and the building of half a dozenbridges. That is all. Tell an English noble-man that to convert 768 acres of wild land—the extent of the Central Park—into a charm- dient.'' To crown all. we are told that this is Puritan psalm singing, to the tune of Old lower tban they ever were before; and in the ing demesne, such as stretches before many an not only the creed of Webb himself, but of Hundred, took the place of the time-honored present year they are still bt'low an average ancestral hall in that country, would cost halfIndia Company could use its vast wealth andinfluence without committing itself to a danger-ous degree on any tide. To make tide Easternempire overpowering, it must be enabled tomonopolize the production and supply to theworld of the staple products of tropical andsemi-tropical labors-sugar, coffee and cotton. laugh with incredulity at the assertion. AndIn order to do this the British West India colo- . yetthat is the sum which the ParkOommis- desire than this? It is no wonder that Webb and persecutions followed. But through the hare been repaired; and, secondly, there wassays nine-tenths of the people of the South! intervention of Lord Stratford de Redcliffe an not much produce to send laat year, sad saars are authorized to expend, and have al- would subscribe to these doctrines* but we] amicable settlement was effected, and the tittle it saji forwarded chiefly by railroad, that itexptnded, with such mean results. fear the Chevalier will be exoommunicated body of Protestants were recognized as a se- might bring a "return of cash as soon as possi- We are afraid there must be tome terrible from the republican church with belL book parate community, with a patriarch of their ble: whereas this year the produce on hand ba million of pounds sterling, and he wouldSeward and Lincoln.What more could any Southern slaveholderchurch ritual. The Armenians displayed bit- The cause of the increase it twofold—first, thefence of the rights of every State to regulate were disseminated, and conventicles set up,its internal affairs as to it may seem expe-Tht increase is only apparent after all, for where the discussion of abstruse doctrines, and last year the canal tolls were Extremely low-nies must b e sacrificed,the alliance between tht East India House andWilberforce, Clarkson and the school of Britishabolitionists, and how ruthlessly the West In-diacoloniesweregivenoverbythemtobar- blunderingsomewhere. Itisnoteasytopoint andcandle—thatevenpoliticalexecutionwill own. abundant,andthoughthenewhasnotyetever, very properly remarks that instead of the Thirty years ago this event was on the eve of plan being made to conform to the natural fea-lutionary army.out where the fault lies. Our reporter, how- be done upon him as a deserter from; the revo-This peaceable state of things has been sud- found Us way to market, it has pushed forward denly interrupted by a fresh outbreak between the old to make room for it. In 1*52 the caaaltolls amounted to some $3,700,000. But the tures of the location, the ground has been made and Helper, the law and the gospel of the old church* and those known as the Protest- canals and the public interests have been imconsummation, and the time had arrived tomake the final blow at the same interests in the to conform to the architect's plan; swampy republican party; but as Webb admits that ants.The British designs most be hollows, fitted for artificial lakes, have been Lincoln and Seward are good authority as to The point in question was whether the newly to America, and a congenial toll filled up, and lakes have been excavated where what the doctrines of the republican party art, formed sect of Protestant seceders from themolated to the railroad interest. In 1*42 the leaders of the party who tried to break down tae canals for the benefit of the railroads declaredto the coostitutioa, would sead stamhera Cnttt law" than the constitution wasfirstproclaimed, been blasted, eminences levelled, and valleys law," aad ask the reader to compare {what they ground of the latter. The persistence of bothof produce more tban they did. The toil* wjere then reduced twenty per eeat. and ye? the increase of receipts ws* half a million of dollars. A further reduction of twenty p ^ cent took place, and there was still tnaction shall be taken, Buenos Ayrea at at present, and with entire control oCustom m i l l . BsriJ a w l year ftjeaoa Ayres widll have surrendered her quasi Independence and MSSI s e n atiu .member ofthe confederation. formanymoathtpreviously,owing,hi •esseaure. to the winter season whkh eras setting in, and to the fluctuations hi currency, which, says the Ornamental Times, have almost paralysed opera*^ • w i i e a t apostles were British emissaries, and its earlier ergons were omaalv oaaanstnrt awfilled up. all of which would have better re-her own army andsay with what the Cornier and Enquirer now parties was unprecedented, and defied the pre mained untouched; and instead of using the pretends is the real creed of the republicans. sence of the civil authorities and the large bodythat time the stream of material gnarried on the ground for the erec We shall quote from Greeley's "Political Text of soldiery.beginning with ,batHyatt, As ' t h etlon of bridges, expensive stone has boon im-We shall not here quote the books of Spoonerthese two classes of Armenians—those of theBook for I860." From page 127 we take the The excuse which the government offers forported from Nova Scotia for the purpose. On foilowfng extract of the speech of ;Abraham its passiveneas on this occasion is that this mob increajte of receip*?. r r o T f a f *fcat t i j ' Ci"thewholewe art a little apprehensive tiut Lincoln atSpringfield,JuneIT,1>>:_ reallybadnothing to do with Protestantism. p8ciTy had been entirely mitrepreaen'ed.this groat Central Park, to which our litizens have looked forward with such pleasant antici- pations, and fcr which they have so liberally contributed, will not realise the expectation's1 If we eeold first knew where we are, and wnitaer we but was got up under Russian influence*, for the FrPtn th* begin rilng tfce canals have b****are tendiog, we eouid better Judge what to do aad how to dolt. Wearenowfarinto the tSUivear siospo'cv was initiated wtt* tne avowed ofcject and coofldeat pro- n:te cr patttnc an end to elmry arltotion. Under the e*era«too of that policy, that agUattoa has not only notpurpose of bricging about a collision betweenthe Turkish scldiers and the Christian papula-mismanaged and rendered a source ot pnWwtion ofthe dry. it alleges that if the soldiers wo had formed of it. T o the next generation ceased, hot has constantly aosmented. In my ootoion it had been allowed to fire upon, this mob %a. im-it may be a delight but according to nil ap- pearances, the present will derive little benefitwill not «a*eBntll»cT,,!sshai: have beesTnacn^d andor advantage from i tThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069There it every re*«cn to creditUntitled Documentter animosity and opposition to these efforts,canals, which were sadly ont of order,mr\A tri IHJ>nfifaii lWtisaflwisnyWiod, .and-Moslemsdecimatoeachother.pliiLcer.tr.*«nt Was appropriated to other pnrpo^e- Tr* cost cf fine canal* has be*«n forty million*. Then?mediate Insurrection would have broken out all te a h«awy debt on them, which would *****si^pnp^P^im^¥and the sacrifice of valuable lives are of but lit-What is iweek in August, ISSt Do. inlSWIncrease in 1860.Whole amount of to! s received ta two weeks is www.fultonhistory.com 