 Wm•reialif byone'* »Hi imer-tc-day Sargem. repslili<ia».,Mowhaiypiat elected PikeIoweB. I'niooef enaate character; wherefore depoaent charges that a t the said city, a t the time aforesaid, saidrood thet to »eea iual, ie atheand•reaa JOB.Hia- »ve rer. aeymi-nld i r e ofml to Cheed, we.IVT «7 be ?tr*7 tobeHe id li- fe-d •e l-#•t- L J F * T p t• i.e-rrii ai t ilevelled out from the sides and gutters o f the street. B yFlour dull and depressed. Howard street and Ohio su- ment, for six mouthe. t o Captain Henry HVth, Tenth in this means the street can be used from curb to curb dur- f t. Louis and Cincinnati papers please copy.toe. of the edict of U n t o drove tibownadf of the effic ••aiata M i fold workers of Fraaee into«abled the Utter, ifty aita, at all ereaf to reader ftwewlew to a of, the taste a n d doll of tae French. Hundred* of similar tn-Biffht h a adinoed, inwhichThe repobUeaaw3oag ineeaaibie to the full their victory. The deatrtton o fTHKWTJtCH BIYQRCACAS*'M a formidable hare t o add t o the catalogue o f iajoriatA wTDow Haxm A covrLAnrr hpa anniioTiow.before JOJttm Wttoh. to the widow et the lata & *»•», Street Cammaahmtr, rssaimg at ^ ^ 72^?***'*"**aw«aajan, a n d t h e defendant a aaen. captain o f one o f the Long Brancha amrrbnf man, having a family • TfO/. The partus, ntor the past year er two,hat recently •the fairmitteaod amividaal appeared a t M rs. Taylor's domicileThe day foOownif she a n t for Jaatiee Wekh and madeitem t o which they here hJfetod apon the North. If, in the rain to their own totoreata which the loat ofas will be seen from th.> followatg affidavit _ < ta Brfar eatf IMkitatfon, w ee«le them the merit of being the moat seifea-crttcmf and dhdntorestod of political parttos.great rejoicings by the friends of Mrs. Burch warenred from the roof of the Tre,>»^2r^.!! * » • *ao etty of Near York; during themm^jf^V!^Iiy^miMtb * * « w m r t thereof, or about the 1st of March, l t e o . one George Freak Lemon did a t the said city seduce a n d have sexual intercourseby aaid Lamm that h e was an omanrrbed m m , and o f hisand anxiously await h a arrival. The news of the youngnicated t e Coroner mckman just a sto be resumed, sag the news causef quite aAs t h e eight o'clock New Jersey Central train from Xew York was coming in a t the Market street depot this morning a m a n named Wm. Shangley, a blacksmith, residing at Rahw.iv. in attempting togotonhoardthe ears was dashed against the gate past and almost instant lykffled. Deceasedwasagedaboutthirty*veyears,and to mid t o have left a large family o f children.Tate Africa Wnoiiomul o f f CapeC a n RACS, Dec. 10.1M 0.The Cunard steamship Africa, from Maw York for Liverpool, w a s boarded b y t h e news boat o f t h e Uicoi's position to he much milder end leas press at twoP. M.yesterday ("Sunday), andallthe messages for Europe transmitted from mm York on Sa- turday of last week were placed on board. The commer- cial public are,under renewed obligations to the Cunardiof net evening Iwspatch rejecting the vaas of Mr Lacoaonthe tastaa-•aal llmnir of *"* predmemor. They were the remit,MBI out b y the Washington agent o f the Associated Preac The second, more complete and insam tasted tare in tha eveningof U>e tame day, showed the pa—gee relating to Mr.Upon the strength ofthe above affidavit the magistrateissued a warrant for the arrest of the accused and set thebail at $2,500. Lemon states that he is innocent of the like publicity onall such occasions. It was through charge preferred against him aad is sanguine of beingparsons, then they were inferred to be -front the first- I here re—on, indeed, to belive thatA Horn. COACII D a m s FETED.—A man named George Brivknev,adriverof oneofthehotelcoachesof theLa farge Betel, was yesterday brought before Marshal Burn bam. atthe city Mayor'soffice, and fined ten dollars,for an alleged charge o f misrepresentation a n d over charge for conveying a Mrs. McDonougb and children from pier No. 1 North river to the Merchants' House.HOXOKABLT DBKBABiGxn.—The case o f Miss Mary Emma Sullivan, charged with perjury in the Swift divorce case, noticed a few days ago in the HKKALD, was, after a care- ful examination before Justice Connolly, honorably dis- charged, the complainants failing to appear, notwithstand- ing the eflbrtii made by the Judge to obtain their presence in Court.The Brodertck W W .TO THK EDITOR OK THE HXBAXD.instance it was owtag entirely to the newspapers that the "young carpenter was arrested.CaptainCaffrey,oftheFifteenth precinct,was notified of the facts, and ordered to take the first train and bring on the prisoner, with the utmost despatch.ACADKMT o r Jlrsir—"StradeUa" was sung hurt night,in tierman. to an audi- ace -'fit. though few." The opera min Ftotow's best rein, light, pleasant, sparkling, a n d athoroughly good mmical rendering o f the romantic storywhich it illustrates. Mme. Fabbri. Mens. StigeDi, Formesand Quuito sang the principal parts s o well that everyone w h o heard regretted that t h e inclemency o f t h e county. New Jersey.after the proper digestion of the Message mtalo.coarse of to-day, the opinions of Mr Lincoln and his friend?weresomewhat modified astothebearingofthe codsx'at upon the PTeaiannt eject. It is true t h e sametine for its successful efforts t o forward their interests. si Death at a Prayee Meeting.NBW.IM, D e c 1 0 , l f Bjagjaataa Mead. aged eighty o n e year", dropped deadin thegevtntv of comments are still applied t o that portion o f •I (jut charges the republicans with having been the s u a apma in entailing the present political crisis open fheeaentry B a t this alleged indulgence in misrepre- Kaunr tnjmuations as t o the antecedents o f Mr. LincolnB *> longer asisted upm.!V attitude assumed b y Mr. Buchanan towards theptemiOB movement is much bolder than it was supposed to be b y M r Lincoln's intimate friends. Sev-ra! amosi! them have already given expression to the belief that the practical test of secession. Tin: Taistsnce t o eracroachmments o n t h e part o f o V . restive States upon federal authority, m a y •tier ail devolve open the outgoing administration. This Satire In see the explosion—if one is to ocenr at all—take nSer smier the latter, is of course natural with the jrmds of the succession.ie the session advances the mtonsity of the feelings withwhich the doings of Congress are watched in the State Bouse appears t o increase. T h e appearance o f t hSmuOsroiina members in their seats s v not looked upon as mhcntrve o f that delicate sense o f honor and propriety (bat » usually claimed b y t h e Southern chivalry T h e resolution offered b y Mr. Morris, o f Illinois, was construed totes sign that t h e so-called anti Leccmpton democrats would co-operate with the republicans ia offering a strong Psion front to the seditious predilections of the majority» to-day,HOAGX—Nuaox,the Rev. C. C. Norton, ] ; Wnxua HOAGX, of New YorkSanauw Trumbull is expected to return here in a few days to attend to hat re-etsrtion.1 employees of the City inspector - Department:—Unsound perance, are respectfully invited to attend the funeral. inenpTenienee u> me patient, bv Dr. ZACHARTF. Korgfsw York.SfewrsCroup membered in regard to this question that whea Senor, Durrho*t8 luiUmmatton o f liver .. 3 limits. 416 dead horses. 5 8 . cows, 6 : hogs. 23; dogs and3 Inflammation of lungs.. Si' other smalt animals, 69: barrels of oflal. 1,500.7 Inflammation of stomach 52 RAW ASD HAIL—Between the hours of nine and eleven Measles 1of Mr. and Mrs. Embree.The irtendti of the family are tarried to attend the fune-ral, this (Tuesday) afternoon, at two o'clock fromNo 311 Dean street. BrooklynFonn—On Sunday morning, December 9 , of diptheria. CSHARPs..sonofWm.S.and3.EllenFord,aged3years and 8 months.The relatives and friends are invited to attend the funeral, from the residence of his parents, ta Broadwav. between Fitty fourth and Fifty-flfth streets, this (Tues-day ) afternoon, at one o'clock precisely, without further notice.you a special de-the PaetOe.FOST KaanxT, Dec. 9. 1M0Remea. the Spanish Ambassador to Yenesuela. demanded Diphtherftehis passports bemhatl laid before the government of that Iiysectery Epilepsy1 SniAii p o x 6 1Scirrhusofstonrtcb 1o'clock A. M. yestprddh. the city was visited with quite a heavyshowerofhailatones. Fortheremainderofthe day rain poured down ta a ?mart shower, completely In-eThe friends and relatives o f the family are requested t oattend the funeral, from No, 116 Hammond street, this A WOBD TO T H E (Tuesday) afternoon, a t two o'clock.Cotton—Sales to-day. 5.000 balm, a t 9*,c. a 9 ^ c for efthe Southern members. Itis,however,knownhere, middling. Sugar steady *i44c a.ic,forfair to fullyAraay Intelligence.Lieut.JohnA.Tardy.Jr..CorpsofEngineers.L-assign- markswemaderecaatlyrespecting the.conditionofthe widowoftheateLewis Beach, Esq, aged60years,4 AT ETERDELLS OLDSTORE, 363 BROADWAY,in a farmer letter I venturedtae republicans would content themselves with the defen- sive and rather avoid than push the all-absorbing to- peeftheday" Theproceedingsofthefirstthreedays prove its correctness. T h e programme new carried out.11islaid,wasagreeduponinChicago N'otalittleexcitementwasproduced lastnightbytheadvent of ex-Gov. Boeder, o f Pennsylvania. The tongues of poet ca) goesippers were at once setin full motion, and before he had retired he was already connected with a seat a the Cabinet, a foreign mission and a United States Judgeship. Seme pretended to know him t o be bearer of ttt'spauhes front Simon Cameron. Others said that be hadATTENTION IS RESrECTFULLY CALLED TO THE" Advertisement in the aortioe column, of the large sale of Chtaa and Gtaamrere, by BROWNE A NICHOLS, on menu faeturei»' account.AT EVERDELL'S OLD STORE,SIB BROADWAY—PAR tv mvitataaa, wedding caida, Ac, in elegant atybav S e e apeenaens.PICTUEE—CINDERELLA AND byYeaLerioa,aeyalJrediuii crowas at Schaos ganerjr, CB Bruadwair. clONCENTRATED LEAVENPuOy estabuahed—It a eaanbshedSincedeuce has undergone a very gratifying decrease. It i evident that the attention o f politicians is monopolised for the time being b y the events a t Washington.cokved persons, 1. DEATHS FR >M A'TTE DlfflU3E.themeetinge fCongressM rLincoln'seorrespont h epredictionthatArralrs tat Venezaela. STAXISH yraanoK—pacincATiONGreat hopes are estertaiafd that, now that the Spanish claims have been placed a t the hands Of the present able and en- ienaior £. D. Baker is said to have written a leuer of iighrened Captain-General of Cuba, there will be a peace-taagratuhuion to the Preaidvnt elect. smce his arrival m ful and friendly solution of the ahnicuity. It will be re.ApoplexyBleedingBleedingTr«mbowels..5 Fever,remittent Fever, scarlet1 Fever,typhoid29 3 3 1of the usual stereotyped line may be anticipated WiaurATran Cm DSPXCTOK'9 DEPAxraraT.—Daringillness of ten months. SIXES. M.. wife of Stephen H. Dorion,aged70years,smonthsaad21days.Ron. Leonard Swett. the bearer o f the electoral vote o f thai Sate. wiB start for Washington to-morrow mornmirOF TEBfeit—laamLATTVg RKTOBM, BTC. OurfliesofVeneeiManpapersaretoNov.8Bleedingfromlungs... 2 Fever,typhusIberetainesandfriends,alsoPacuicLodgeNo.233,F. ClORNa BUNIONS, INVERTED NATLS, ENLARGEB) thelastweekthefollowingworkwasperformedbythe andA.M.,andWashingtonDivision,No.4,SonsofTem- 'Joistsandalldtoeaaeaatthefeetcured,withoatpatoorrepublictwoptepn&itiottfr—1.Thatthoseguiltyofthe The California pony express passed here a' Are o'clock nflssjisinstan of Spanish subjects should be imme-Fever,congestiveFever,nervous 1 «mHIthis morning, ami left the following t o b e telegraphed t o ta« press —SAX FXA*C*O>, Nov. W—3 P M. arrrved November 26. steamer Cortex, from Panama:ssmshdeavee, from Kew York.Bailed .Vovtsnber 3T, ship Mack Prinee. far Mew York. Themarketeontmueawithlittle of consequence doneTotal 177 Kt-iTHS ra»a cnarwrr nan: ASKey for all articles a unfavorable, thoughDebility. ir.uatilc Dropsy-Mr bkLaae and the I'mted Sbatm legation were to re tom BMewaNEWOtuu». Dec 10 1860exmrntam. Throughouttheentirecountrycongratulate ryaairemmfromtheinhabitantsbadbeensentintothe gineimerit expressrreeftheirreadinessa:amoment's call to p a t down anything or persons that would lend t o datnrb the peace of the country The new crops hidjust commenced to come in. aad the currency of the country had (•onaiderahly changed for the better, m •raaeral. basmrsa was in a very healthy state. Th-govern ment bad toanaeaeed their plan o f establishing motto! farms, and was making (treat progress u irrigation, for which purpose stonecutters were a very great demand.great raneiy of foreign aad domestic reoatanea for the tehta citable fm- family use, dabs, pleasure yaehu. travelUnglnteaBBaaaVay.QTOP THAT RATTLISO.c* KEEP orr TWE COED.The*trBeMatFianwanrywanaenedoefoorestftohraagbtwetowdiothwisc«a?n*»b«eeeperoeovmenyteda.•»2 » > the next steamer."» French Minister advises Miramom to capitulate.bit ta the mouth.Mewa rroai H a y t i .of the *Rars were eat! at 9 W a 9 V reals for No.12 TheFrom the Wmtckmom, o f Kingston Jamaica, w e learnthat a plot had been laid to disturb the peace of the Unlanrime steamship BrenvlBe brings Havana - «.a net.country The conspirators, having been discovered. w-reIreland TotalTN TTEW o r THE CGNDITJOW OK THE TTMES,We hare cow-iudad to direoee ef nnr entire stock on hand at A VERY uKEAT ahCMFICK ON THE COST.DEVLIN.HrDSOWACO..aw, Sto and a » Broadway.LyonsaadGerman SilkVe BLACK. WHITE AMD COLORED.Suitable f«rJewelry Box,Flower Manufacturers, Fall hnportatton""AZJOLD. CONSTABLE * co..FOB THTBTY BATS ONLY. WHOLESALE STOCKOFJfrtaS?*!*'—2-—*~~*« —*** Iuaiad tobe shot, which sentence had been carried intoerTti ht mHT'\r * *BtQevue HospitalCitv Hospital O*redHomeHospiiaJ IsLmd HospitiilLucatic Asylum, BTkl'sTotal.1-H i e p i t a lWork House. BtockwaO'sIslandSterltag exehanae 15 P-T c>nt pre- "2T- * * a Vork "if " -—Vn-r*. *V per cent premium. y^'^^impire ntyhas arrivedfmmHavaaa.withrtstkLora, Dae. 10.1S60. of the Jtaaahcaa at Salt Lake City. Unit the Utah lngahWiiio awt tt^r*b-y"th!e*u•s*e"o"ft*h*e•PsaotmenfotrEtixbcleUiworithWieatherdam Thaw fuel, by O1In nilmiroail ofsWO•«liimp.• JaMnPaW fawaflClof.614 16. 18 17 14 18. 16 1 9 . 30 2 0 14 21.2 2 .22 18 14 24 34 29atfrom disease o f the heartprayermeeting. thecrIt was at once resolved tot h e Market street morningcitv. to Miss EUXA A. Ni tSbarleston (S. C ) . RACXT—LQRMAT. — O aof Charleston, a C copy.>Me* IV, IfvflO. candidate, was elected Mayorwill, solelyacconipiahod much against deponents the representations am i promises afore wao.aptothetaaoofsaidiatetooorseandthe room.ration. in order that the accused mightSergeant Leflerts, who was present a tthat (apt. Caffrey would not he back untilor this morning at the earliest; so the Coroner decided t o adjourn the inquest until two o'clock to-morrow aftor noon, a t which hoar all the witnesses are requested to b ein attendance.It was the wish e f Inspector Carpenter that thethe young carpenter's arrest should b e kept asecret, although for what reason it is hard to say; qucntly the repottors hare been laboring under a great disadvantage in obtaining the particulars. W e thought this humbug of keeping police matters so secret had ex- ploded long ago, but it seems otherwise. There a nothingPmx.uMD_rBXA, Dec. 10, 18O0. PennsTlvania State 5'?, 86^: Reading MorrisCanal,48:Long Island Railroad, 9 V Pennsylvania Railroad. 3 5 \ . Sight exchange o nNew York, t}± a 1«* per cent.Nxw OwxXAxa. Dec. 10.18oO.Stock? heavy Railroad. 15VWbJehconvert*thepoorestofhavaadttrewatosnavenport,candia a d have Illicit in - e f previous chasteAce ideat a t Mewrarat. Nswaax Doc 1 0 I M SYAH.—On Saturday,: aftor a Iat Aaron Tall, agad 46 rears.Tax DoaxH.—In Jersey City, on Sunday.Txznsnreraea Van Dnamragnd 27 yearsThe relatives a a d friends a r e respectfully invited tostand the funeral, tha (Tanner) mornmg at a < toteao'clock,fromthe residence of bisbrotherTan Daren, S o . 194 Bay street, Jersey City, withoatfurther mvitatiea H a rsiMim wiB b e taken t o Mill- stone. New Jeraev. far intermentSeamrrins (N. J . ) papers panes copy.Wanma.—At Mount Vernon Westchester county, onjy, December 8. of oonsnntption. Txnuu, wifeof Western, o f Tiverton. England, aged 99 years and4months.City papers please copy.WALUACX—In this etty. on Mondav Decern*er 10. Mrs.SARAH Jam WALLACX, of Baltimore, to the 34th year of her age.The friends are invited to attend the funeral, tha (Tuesday)afternoon,atonee'dock fremNo.271Seventhavenue, without further noticeBaltimore papers please copyWxnxr—On Sunday evening December9. Anma AN-rxrw. son of Andrew and Sarah Ana Wemet. aged 7 years. 10 months and 13 days.The friends and acquaintances of the family, aho Ow auaihas of the Bethesda Baptist church, the members C. L a m s A T , o f H u d s o n o f t h e S t r a n g e r s ' R e f u g e L o d g e N o . 4 , a n d o f M a n h a t t a n Masonic Lodge No. 62, are invited t o attend t h e funeral,diately seized, imprisoned a n d tried b y t h e pro- per trfbunals. 2. That all damages and losses ammmee-v* b y Spanish subjects, a t t h e handseither o f the government forces or federalists, should b e immediately made good to the sufferers by a sum ofeiraaj. OSTTrnTrT'inr to the loss. The reply of the Asthmaundating the street.-to do away with the shish und mt:d. and congeal the Osn- t-al Park pound in a condition lor skating 'Cosnxcncw.—In .egard to our report of the arrest of Anior Leed«, charged with obtaining letters fraudulentlyVenextielan government t o the first proposition was that assoonat theparties guilty of assassination could beMarasmu-, *diill 4 1 Marasmus, infantile 1-4person so accused is not Amos Leeds, t h e coal merchant, ot this city, and brotherof HenryH. Leeo.-, the auc tioneer, but a young awn residing ta Jersey CityDespatch*-* tar Europe.The steamship Arago, which left this port on Saturdaylast for Southampton and Havre, is to call ofl Cape Race, Ann Hasson. aged 22 years, 6 months and 8 days.since the last report. Sugar—Sales of lOhhds. Muscovado idomjfted and arrested it would be done hut that since Cancer of DtomachattactionnAc.andMhhdm.PnrtoRicoat92-ac.; tbs market closed heavy and drooping The genthosepartieswerenowintheranksofthefederals,with firrhosu*of.heliver— Consumption3 Piisv44 Phlebitis.*enor Romea was for the present impossible Tothe are brisk and well sustained. Butter, via the second they replied that for damage* done by the fede- 30c.. with limited sales. la domestic pradacea rals, they ought not in reason and "kindness" {'AWMVMM- toad hueuaeas i s doing a t iiiniheiigml rates. mente) b e bekl responFihle. It is this latter reply which FallesKtiaaretarnaan-rece'verifromeverycountyin wmonsetisfactorvtoSeaorRornea.anduponwhich»e State. The total vote e l i t 507, Lincoln received Senor Toro. Venezuelan Minister to SJSLQ, is now ne- M.WO: Brmgto*, 3H.0M Breekmridge. UJOG. BeD, 8,70*. gotattinc and it I*expected that those neg0tiatian.- willSotwithatandhncthisgreat»-ote,itatstatedthatthenew endamicahty(•onus given t a e State ocdy about 400.000 popnhUwi. . • It to thought that the capture o f Merida from the fede-arms in their hands, acompliance withthedemandof Debility, adult4 RuptureNo. 261Broadway. AS FIXTURES, AC., *C.ChyBan.BT.•a»win«TeoaeiusiTelvUt&tthecensusageanshavenot '•ratewillpacifytheprovincasofBaxinasandLaPnrtu- (Vmpressiouofbraid... 2 Sulfation,accidental.. 1iarthfuBy performed their duty.fienersl JonhaaPtxdwdinSanPrancWcoonthe iitl The suits of the raited Slates versus Beverly C.sen. and the same versus Agastiaa Harrapathy•er caarg«d with defahati** in 1S53. whilethe part e f San Fraacamo: t h e latter chasged a•esxhng in IsoT, m the reonmg departmentofFraaflao- mmt. have both been dismissed—the District AttrriifT entering mttk jjruaMoar.asaae from these few items there is absolutely no news. Wew*Nxw Oatx.vxs. Doc. 10. 1960. The steamship Tennewsee h a s arrived from Vara Crux Tth iast The advires from the capital are to the 28tti«h- The liberals ware completely investing the city of •sxjeo. Dattress from soarcity o f Owii a n d water w a s *sry greai. The main s m v had not coma up.gneas. m Barcelona it.is said that SottUc has not dared Delirium tremens toreturntobtoquartersatSantaAna .indthat Julius Intemperance2 Suicide by cutting throat 1 1 Suicide bybanging 1Court Calendur—Thi« D a y . SCPESTORCorxr.—Part 1 same as before.Part2adinvited to attend the funeral, from the residence of his GREAT SALEbrotherinlaw, Wm.H.Dusenberry. 56Charlesstreet, AT AUCTION PBICFS,says:—la U»e reform two prominent objects a r e noticed, Theextraordinary from Mexico 3d mst, had not arrived •the centralization of power tn the hand? of the Governor at Vera Crux It was believed that it would brmg .uid t h e restricting t h e popular suffrage." T h e editor 'of the repulse of the liberalsor their capture oi' the argues against auch prceeedings of course but perhaps tb< best thing for an unnunageahk horse t»a strong12to15years15 to 17 veors 17to26year20 to 25>ears..,Total.British America. EnglandFrance• iermanynoon, at one o clock, from her hue rasidenae. No. 360 Tnaa annare.Oieyr York,Wine Merchant* aad Purveyors «f PmVlslons. embrarine aN1W TOEK HERALD. TUBSTote arfioeimei' J * .Laos!war, IJAcsjto.wim , ra.. Dee. S,1MB.The schooner J. Iarising, for N e w York, with turpen- tine and rosin. was bunted on the 5th inst.of Stcanaer P Iyiasr (load. Mmtrms, Dae. 10, I860.The tteanvr Flying Ckwd, from St.Louis for New Or- leans, wasburned tothewater'sedgebastnight. No lives lost.Bosma, nee 10,The bark Colonel Ledvard has arrived here from Apa- lachirola. 8be reports, December «, latrtuo>40 to, longi-tude 70 00. felt in with the schooner Mary J. Hoyt, from less search for the necenoary proof I returned to thisthe residence of the RevH . R A C X T . o f F l o r i d a , t o M a i, December 8, b y aad a t Mr. WnxiAitNew York for Cette. took off the captain and crew.Southern Ocean Steamer Movement*. SAVAXXAH. DOC. 1 0 .1 8 0 3 .city, detennineu t o interfere no further I would not now do so had I not within the past two weeks read from the HSRAJJ>communicatiocsfrom parties concerned, or supposed to be concerned, in the bate Mr. Brodenck a property, and, not having noticed any appeal to the public through the press from a family of the name of Brodenck. in Justice ta this family I mast publicly say that while in Ireland I learned sufficient to convince me that in the event o f t h e Supreme Court o f San Francisco rendering its decusioB adverse to Mr. Wilkes, this family will find no trouble in substantiating theirchumtowhatIconsiderthemjustiventitledto.ROBERT AHEAKN.those who may wish to accompany the remains to Green- wood Cemetery.A.VPEBSOS —On Monday. December 10. JaamCLAXJCWJE. sen o f Charles E a n d Elizabeth Y . Anderson, aged 2 years and 9 months.York.ALL THElet. withtn rem'pnees,kind if not suited, at ~The screw steamship Montgomery eight o'clock last evening.arrtred a t Tybee a twith theMarkets. rwji.Amri.rHIA STOCTC BOARD.BamaxxHorr.—At Hackensack. N.J., en Sunday, De- cember 9, of malignant scarlet fever, Harm, aged 7 years, daughter o f Richard a n d Harriet Brinkerhoff, o f Brooklyn,L.I.ECONOMY 18 WEALTHSAVE YOUBOAT8 AMD B I T THORLBrrg POOD FOB CATTLE,Uoaairae is wandering about, constantly pursued, a n d it is probable the province will soon be rid of them and othersBrain andof the government finding it convenient to placethe Heart and blood vessels. 14 Siom.wh, bowek andFOB THTBTY DATS. SELLTNC, OFF. THE ENTIRE STOCKOf the most fashionable, beet aaeoV. newest ana largest asMEN'S AND BOYS' WTNTWB CLOTHING IN THIS CTTV,AT A GREAT SACRIFICE.To ckne oat a> oaee the whole at'•ek.DE GROOrS OAR HALL.64,ataadSBFohaa mtmt. GREAT KALE OF CHINA, GLASS. BRONZES. HOl'MSFuratoainx C««d« aad Holtday Presents, by BROWNE A NICHOIA oueUoneoH, X Baimau ot.-eet. amWsnaesday. TVcemberIX,atBV-n'etoefc.andeachdayfoUowUnronOlthe entire stoek n sold This t a r lot of Sasliahls aaed* wore c^baauMd to E. t . Heuabwout A Co.. for the Sootasra trade; bat to eaneeanenee o f the trouble a that aaeaon win be sentLAKH*—On Sunday, December 9 . after a long a n dtediousillness,MART,wifeofJohnLarkin,aged60rears. tailporenaaenspecialtrbaviud. Seearge adverUaesaent aThe friends and acquaintances o f t h e family, a n d o fher brothers. Gregory and Michael Doran, are reaped JfoDy invited to attend t h e funeral, thi- (Tuesday) after OHN DUNCAN A SONS,There has been a change in the Cabinet m consequencesacArrrrxAimN—oisaAsns ruancD. nerves S 9 Premature birthMinister'of Warat theheadofthefourdivisions into which the armv has been divided, h a place in the meanwhile betnw taken bv M. Miguel Herrera—the first time that the Mintetry o f War o f Venezuela had been con- fided to a simple citizenThe l.egisl;Uure of Caracas is in session, bat the p r o 'Jeun^p art; not of anv interest to our reader" We still find m the Venezuelan papers t h e same lamentable a c '•ornt.^ of murders, robberies and assassinations which uave so king disgraced that wretched countrySpeakins; o f the Legislature o f Caracas a n d the reformLungs, throat, h eiMd age?km.» *c.. :uid eruptivefevers1 1 4 other digestive organs S I 7 rm-ertain seat and gene-Part 2—Nos. 229S. 380, SMI. 331. 2197. 2333, 1773. 20W. 2106. 324. 1870. 2289. 1444. 290. 1948. 2339.H a U . Hat>, Capo a a d F u r , — W h e n T o n wish the VERT BEST ARTICLE, call at WHITE'S, 216 Broadway, Barnum's Museum.Shirts, Shirts. -#ftx f o r t o . ElegantRobesdeChambreathalfprice.The relatives and friends o f the family a r e invited t o attend the funeral, from the above place, tlua (Tuesday afternoon, a t two o'clock. H i s remains wiB he taken t o Calvary Cemetry for interment.Kw.i.Y.—onThursday.November30,attheresidence of her uncle, Henry Obsteilo, Tomkmsville. <4taten Island HcMtirrfi, the infant daughter of J. M. and Sarah Kelly, of Purtand, Washington Territory.Alargeconcourseoftheir Suten Island friendssad aoquintances saw the remains of their child to its anal resting place, ta S t . Peter's Cemeterv.5to14years measures under consideration there, the IndeprmiirtUe TOto12yearsB o k h s o .ne roannfactarer*' seennnt. witnoot i nut rrt, for sash R »A X O T H X SroawrTaa«?T AOamar THB GormaxMiST arrpatsagn.apprehended, aad having been tried, three were sennsarrnTiosa, Almshouse.Bflt'lIsland. 8 NurseryandChild'sHos-ovmaBoABDor Bawmaatirrvas.—The above ortte-iwfTitOa-y Board held their aaaual meeting last evening, at Fire 76 ansa's Hall, the Freaideat, WBL Wondaall, tn the chair. aitAftorinalhwtheBhaam oftheprevtom•aettag,theof mama Affairs for coaaaiUee of fif toea, eipehUcd to dmft proposed amend 10...._FANCY GOODS AT RETABL.MEXY AIN,BagA wnaoxg sawnro MACBUXK,tnhes of Utah. 11 8 Hvcta t o the Fire Deportment a w . stated that they were 13* a** afc , N. B., Baa. 10, I860.a the «ur* oansai a- Chatjam. Mtra- thesr boil-Hag aadk Burns B t j sous, aad davciam *xce * th* Ureal I'earsbe i'•strayei. and of win l. Me-->rs hat are saidto hooa the oth"r pro-raai ateetma of the Board be held on the26th mat. t o bear the same, which was adeptod. immml ta on election for officers for therear, which resulted a s follows:— - . aWirkham-Fir* Froidmi— A. J . Dehaure.ffotsotorpTrwaaarrrCcfferaw—(avidlhoaU.f^aatos lophor Mills. Hoary A. Burr. John J Barmam. TheThe aum'beV of deaths."compared with tbecorrespoudWeek eadtog Dec. 10. I860 411—Beerease ( From acute diseasea»rt!Tlreaw^- STODDABT,a K . ready te report whereupon amettonwasn that a T^tal....... ...-.-..--*"--•*-•-"•^p^Jihn R. Piatt. John P. Afha.rec.l.lSOO.-? » chrocte dSsease.... I '« external cause*, he{5 acute damae Dec.ft,1160 chronic dasaae, , i «1» '"Jilt * B HZ (SARAR C , youngest daughter of Edward aad Bhry AnaThe funeral wiB una pace from she residence of h»r pareau. No, 4S6 Hudesa street, tha (Tuesday) arsnrnsou, at two o clock. Her i—iiimi will bo taken to Bergen farSwir»«—At CentreviBe.chanta for price* and _ 13Ban Lam aaam Bt.. _1 / uapoctor.to* 5**L?^ - * * « * k ""**> < pmmand. wasatto marry thtoi tike taxat, to whomLemon d id feloniously seducetercourse with deponent,character as aforesaid, aad deponent prays that h e may be arreeted for said ofthnce and deaiewith OKthe law d i recta. Deponent farther says, that smce t h e seduction and intercourse aforesaid, «*rr^F—at h a s ascertained that the said Lemon is not an unmarried man, aad was not at the time aforesaid, hut that ha had then a n d BOW has a lawful wife, and no osremony o f marriage according t o law has been performed between the said Lemon and this deponent. Deponent is nowconfined to barbedfrom sickness, the result of said intercourse, and expects to be confined for about at least six weeks.abletoprocurehisacquittalwhentheeasecomes upfor hostofothercriminalswerecaptured;andtnthepresent examination.I am one of the many who, after the death of the lateSenator Brodenck, believed myself, from informationgiven me tn this city, as one ofthe rightful heirs to h aproperty To gain proof o f the relationship, a t a greatexpense and toss of time. I went to Ireland After a fruit- the orchestra admirablyThe relatives aad friends o f t h e family, also those o fhis brother Matthew and of Mrs. Shields, are invited toattend his funeral, without further invitation, from h alate residence, 107 Johnston street,'aoozJamrence street,Brooklyn, this (Tuesday) afternoon, at hah*past one AT WM. BTKBDBXL'S o'clock. Carriages w iB b e ta attendance t o convey all Enrelonaaof taeBEACH.—On Saturday, December 8, Mrs. S 4 n u BRACH, lastMorrisis,andalwayswas,somewhatofaDougtarite fair. Molasses.20c.a22c. Porkdull mess.$19:prime. edtodoty inNewYork city,ssassistanttoMajorJohn streetshasstirredoptheofficialstopromptaction. Mr. monthsand9days.srt.Wedding Cards engraved a the highest •trie o f t h e See iIBregard to the slavery question$17. Freight on cotton to Liverpool. 19-32.1. a J*d. Ch^aiawDx. Dec. 8. 18C0.Cotton quiet but firm, sales to-day 700 bales. BALTTMoax. Dee. 1 0 . 1840.i>. Barnard, and will report accordingly. Lieutenant Ed- ward G. Bush, Tenth infantry', is relieved from duty a t the Military Academy, a n d will report in persea to"the General-in-Chief for further orders. An extension of leave o f absence h a s been granted, b y the War Depart-Delsvan. who. by-the-way, is always watchful of the af- fairs of his department. has made arrangements to keepBroadway in good travelling order by having the snowThe relatives and friends of the family arere spectfully invited to attend the funeral, this (Tuesday) morning, a t eleven o'clock, from h e r h u e residence. N o . 284 Fifth avenue.perfine held ax $4 921; the latter sold to-day at $4 50 Wheat cult and drooping: red t l 06 a $1 1 5 : white,$1 10 a S I 3 5 . Corn dull, new white and yellow, 45c. a 55c.: old.60c.a61c.Provtsiononominal. Mess pork,$17.fantrv. and for tour months, to Lieut. WilliamMcE. Dye. Eighth infantryTK.4X<aosRiox or not MassauB BVTSLBCIRAPH—The Pre- sident'sMessagewas yesterday forwarded entire froming tl.e winter. He has also made arrangements for cart. tag away the snow, he., particularly from the lower end. where the greatest travel exists, a s rapidly a s practica- ble Toremoveitasfastasitfallswould,perhaps,be neither possible nor judicious During the waters of 1847. 1868 and 1869 the Broadway Association kept thisBmxmcT.—On Monday. December 10, HAROLD, vouagest child of Andrew F. and Isabella Benedict, aged 1 year, 8months and 8 days. Thefriendsofthefamilyareinvitedtoattendthefuneral,on Wednesday afternoon, at half-past one o'clock, fromNo.15Charitonstreet.CAMrasu..—Oa Sunday, December 9, eldest son o f Duncan P . Campbell.Lard. 16^e.Whiskey dttfl at lTSfe. a 18c. AXBAXT,Dec. 10,1860.Weather more mild a n d threatens rain. Flour in Philadelphia to this city, b y telegraph, ta s i x hours—an Street in excellent order b y the Judicious use o f salt. I nsteady demand Wheat—No sates. Corn, in lots. 66c. unparalleled feat bf telegraphing. W e believe it will b e no case was snow or siush on the street longer than for-Barley less active: sales 2JOB buhheis State four rowed found that it was transmitted with no tees remakable ac- ty-eight boors. Laal winter no attention was paid to theat 70c. Whiskey 17c.: sales 123 \bls- Hogs at depot curacy than speed. We are informed that a boy, who is street by either the city authorities or this association, years and 8 months."Coeeemnrted Leaven" a j n a t f c e »ery ilower, heavy State 4V-"-•and choice 9%c. a 6%c. a telegraphic operator at Pittsburg, sent the first columnexcepting that the stoge companies, for their own conve-BATAADof t h e matter in fifty-five minutes a n d t h e secondFlour firm Wheal active and lc. higher: sales 23000 column tn forty-eight minutes. Five columns and a hai Of which was the transformation of the thoroughfare intoqnired to nuke bread, eakea, roOa and ptea eat abort, and heNew York scarce and nominally 9 a 10 per cent premium bankers generally refuse to sell.been such as to have given power to the City Inspector to use his discretion a this matter it would have been bet- terforthepublic.TEEFaixat'sVisrrnjYiaaa,—Mr.DeCordova,itwillb<5 seen by advertisement- )JX (mother column, is announced to deliver a lecture tats evening before the Hebrew Lite rary Cnion. at Clinton Hal!. Astor Place, on the Prince oWales' visit1 hisideasintoaverynumorouspoem,andsomethingout•SK,Fkwrvery'dullat$6forsapertne. Whiskeysteadyat14--. Bogs very doll and acenrate quotations cannot be given, the best is market could bav<- b-»*n boueht at $15Lard 8)%c. a l l ^ c at one per cent.Sight exchangt-s on New York scarceTHETHK!S-Cmcano, Dec. 10, I860.nient^, salted the centre o f the street, t h e consequenceat good quality. | Foradobyalltheprincipalgrofenanddnuxbtatendthefuneral,atTrinitychurch,oaWednesdaymorn >"irneyedhither for the purpose of procuring Mr Lincoln store. Corn firm sates 9,000 bushels at 27c. a 28c.. in breaking the circuit, aad rt was written a manifold from resulting from this became so intolerable that the Com- ing. at ten o'clock, withoat further notice.eiidoi setocnt of h is claims to the raited States Senator, chip about to be vacated in his State. But I give both the President elect and the ex-Governor too much credit for geod sense to believe them to have anything t o do with anysuchtransaction MrReeder Iunderstandonthe contrary, is on his way to Kansas and shnpty stopped ever a day to pay his respects to Mr. Lincoln.store. Oats dull. Receipts—2.300 bbte. Hour. 12.560 the sound of the instrument. These are facts that will mon Council, by ordhaacf. prohibited the further useof Ni.-heIs wheat. 9.000 bushels corn. Sight Exchange on give a large portion of the public an enlarged idea of th > salt on that street far the future Had the ordinanceCoiotLiH—On .Sunday, December 9, Jcut OoxxiiK, widow of John Conklta. aged 77 years.The funeral will take pace from the First Reformed church, Hackensack, N . J . , this (Tuesday i afternoon, a t one o'clock.CLAW.—OnFriday night, December7.A.STLVAH.sonSiJ°h&?•andHannahP Clapp.aged4 years,2 months yvunhaebnxjinaeeddiatejlyattendedto. Refern*i£liTDr. Dixon,bushelsat70c a71c forNo.1.67c a47^c.forNo.2in ofmatterwerereceivedintheofficeinthiscitywithou' anastymarshduringthe whole winter thenuisanceGEO. B . BATES, Wholesale Agent_ 169Pearlstreet,S.T.CtORNS—THE ABSOLUTE EXTRACTTON OP CORNS ' and Bunions. Insteurtsneona and enVaciooacures, wha- ont ending pain o r bleeding. Messrs. RENDALL (late g fRegent street, London), 4 » Broome street, N Y OftVeof the Scalpel, and others o f the fbcuhy.CHAPPED HAITDS^ACE, LTP8, AC-CERT AIN CTrBnT and preventive. HEUEMAN A CO. a Caaaphar lee, wMhglyeerlae, n •« glycerine,Ifneedasdirected,willkeeptheiktosofttatharmeeaa. Sentbymalltar» _ ' A CO., Chessaa and m imate. 161,3W,511aad756~Ctoirnrsjat. Nov. 10,1860.fn m 11 A. M. to 3 o'eloek P. M. ^mheahona •-J-Anplkaaon*forcapacity of the telegraph.—' uicwaaafi Ooatsurridi, Dec. 5 Weekly Report of Death,IntheCityandCountyofNewYork,fromthe1st.dayof December to the 8th day of December. 1860.Men.Adults. 1 6 2 : children. 1 7 6 : males. 1 6 3 : females. 1 7 5 .and I S days.Sylvan, precious bod of promise,Thou wert all too fair for earth Transplanted now to heavenly bowers.81: women, 81. boys, 82: girls. 94—Total. 338the newspapers that Sanchez, Jackalow. Hicks a a d awea ther deprived a very great many connoisseurs of so rich a musical treat. The tenor part waltogether the best in the opera, aad StigeQi amg it on last night even better than at the WinterGarden. Nothing could be more delight, ful than the expression which be gave to the very pleas- ing though excellent air which concludes the second act. Mme. Fabbri was excellent, a s usual, and Formes gave the part of the chief original with infinite gtmt. The chorus was better than usual, and Mr. Thomas conductedRooxxs—Bnwxxa.—On Thumeay, December 6 , by the Rev. Moses Balkm, Mr. DWKJHTB. BOGBBB,of Mow York city,to MasEvxtccx ASCTBEA Bowxm. of SouthWey- mouth, Mass.Met.Atixs.—In Brooklyn, en Sunday. December 9, Joan Axixsr, aged 46 years.tha (Tuesday) noon, from 118 Leonard street Wsnx.—On Sunday evening. December 9, *anativeof the parish of Eaharnev. countyHs friends and the friends of the family are i _ fully invited bo attend the funeral, thai (Tuesday) after noon, at one o'clock, from his ateresidence 193 r Twenty-fifth street.On Wednesday the --Figlia del Reggimeato" will be given, in Italian, with Fabbri a s Maria, Formes a s smtptsw and StigeBt as Tonio. This performance pro- mises well, and should receive the special attentionofopera goer-.WEDDING CARDSMomusPoems'' (to blue aad gold), has just issued from the press of Suribner * Co., of this city. The work a having a large sale, we are gratified to know, notwithstanding the times.POKMB.—Theseventeentheditiono f"MorrisCityHow TBX C m IsarxcToa LTTXXDS TO KJEH> BROADWAY derick Steasle, this 'Tuesday > afternoon, atone o'clock. hew York. A psmpbbsi nahed free a anyashes, garbage :md street filtii removed 10.528 load*;: (Tuesday > afternoon, a t two o'clock. Congfrtionof the lungs. a Inflammation of brain. 10 nuisances abated under notice. 72. ginks aad water clo- Montreal and Ottawa papers please copy.T~tLAMONDS, WATCHES AND JEWELBT SELLING OFF UNDER COST,TO CLOSE THE BUSINESS,Diamonds. Ptaa. Earrings, Bracelets. Coral Seta, At ., and Swiss Watches, all celebrated makers, warranted.D.C.PEACOCK,London,andaVGRSBAT REDUCTIONIN PRICESWATCHES AND JEWELRY.Purchaser*s wil!l! tBad H tae~"t~heir bafeest to saak fromthebaaanfelstockefWateheaendJeweirv,ALL OEMrTUE ARTICLE8, offeredareducedprieesfor<ROBERT BAJT A CO.,Intelligence.nrrtor provender. Depot for tat Catted Mom, g " wanted in every city sad town ta the UnitedDTKISC THK WrxTKR.—We are glad to notice that t h e r e - Friends aad relatives are invited to attend.We nairnrtand that Mr De C. has thrownThere shall be retained tb^ worths r>.Rjoii.—inBrooklyn,onSunday,December9,aftaran coldestweatherConvulsions, infantile.. is IiiriaRiiuauon of kidneys 1 sets cleaned. 66 loads of night soil removed from the city EXBBXK.—On Monday, December 10, the youngest childAbscess of liver 1 Albummunaand Bright'sDrops\ in the chest 1Dropsy ra the bend 11 disease of the kidneys 5 Dyspepsia 2 Aneurism of Lhe aorta.. -J. liilargement of heart... 1Cancer(Vtncer•t breiist«J 2Heart. disease of valvular 1 1Meath, Ireland, and brother of Denis Gargan, of couth Brooklyn.His friends and acquaintances are respertfuBy invited to attendhisfuneral,fromhislateresidence,cornerof Graham and Meeker avenues. Bushwick, this i Tuesday) afternoon,attwooilock.CT05 CUH.VTX on SJCuMft. Burnedor'calsled 4 OldageCasualties 7 Premature birth7 5edbyhershouldbesantto-day(Tuesday)throughMr Stoker's Agency, No. 7Broad street. New York.Forty fourth street. KLX..—OnSunday.December9,r*""—A.Total31i>Cndarlvear..1to 2'vKara2to 5yearsAtiBB.76 25 to 30 years 2H 30u> 40years 37 40to 30years 18 60to 40years4 60to 70years 1 70to 80years 1 80 to 90 year.-,10 90to100years 13 UnknownsATnTTUB.1 Prussia .12 Scotland Sweden .18 Switr-rti- idI luilt-i States.so28 41 23IS 7 109 2 3.338. 2 7 . 1 . 1 .204.338 <Depot 1IM Chatham street, aorner of Pearl.WORTH orW1NTBB CLOTHING, FCRKISSINO GOODS, he.,MB* AND BOYS,TntoanMeff at an TMMKXfiE SACRIFICE BT THE 1ST OF JANUARY.pruneralfevers36 I'rinary organs41 1Total 338 —Of which 19 were from violent causes.11 i » u l —4 8t Vincent's Hospital1 Ward s Island Emigrant2 5of hnlldings. E . P. TeRRRT. Wholesale Agent, M». 0 Ftott street. BfawYork.N. B.-S«^nbte pwseus wMl be seat a apply Htf oaataas, to this etty or vicaanyWABJMt. 8 IS. S 14.S ewlret todtoOVw. JAMES STOnDART. o f No. 13 aais^"-*!, paf. aPWlamB s" a^aBaT*, B^fMPMS. lOFr*24 8IS o2a years and 6 anal haThe relatives and friends of tha taaSy am reapectfullvmvTae to attend the funeral, tha fToeedav; afternoon, at two o<ateek. frem the residence efha mother, Bt7Roans.—In thn city, oa Sunday York. atherresidence.No.66Bank street,« Thomas Rodoa, late of the afamd ef years.Her frtando and those e f her grandson. James 8. attar? are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from <t. Luke s church, Hudson street, t h a (Tuesday) afternoon, at one o'chaa, without farther toraattan.I tverpml or Coveptry: aad Bat the whole of theekMSof twdsaadsby k a k t i ' W r . •axrar«<t >«• the L meat wuh the nanr -Isaes Rtoeaert. El Bed Ltan strea. St. Joan's sanate, Lopdoe," wahtheen ••in «ga fear ptaic umnnntt enrmyed op the barrel oar. "Janwa toaa- dart. Lendcn." Rot In rnrere aB ••nhia,U«'D. saade by hna wfil be eonraved wtth t h e Sardanrt,13BedLbm ttreet. BtJobss wbthoatsbbrevatae. JABBBf"U>e merchants and t h e nshlli that Watehea o f iOUSiitT fa>t)M412..... *" rgasii g week of I860 and «*f last week, was_as waow —Decrease this week, DANIEL EY ork.external causes, h e-• • •• -- -.•••;..J.''BiXA Y A>,GttyUntitled Document. •--••-T> » * I ^s»»-ing Machines. S*> and upwartta. «tt>Broadway, > V.STSUBCBUER A athagatua (Jamaica, papers please copy.BITXT.—On Monday, BeaammrBt, of water on ahe brahv, gvaata J A B B . n W =•ssasi**«"*130and will, if possible, bo hoarded.by the Associated Press newsyacht. TheAragowillbedueattheCapeataeon4o12Man laana^wnwunnxsausmnaaaununwnpannaxaau^ TODDARTS W ATCBTBa.-CA FPION AGAINBT PRACTOMES,SOXh'*x£2uii tor a good old fashioned frostGASOAX.—On Sunday. December 9, JASOS Gaaoajr, aged 'J Heart, disease of I from the New York Post Office, wewould state that the 88 years, native of the parish of Castletown, county#. 1 1 1 9 Sifieumu of the brain.. 1 6 I keralion of the bowels «1Total DniTa*rauaBXTxaxai.ASDOTKXRracsxs.SOTnxraxacKGHer friends and acquaintances are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, on Wednesday afternoonJ at tw o ol Wednesday, anil despatches for Enrope to be forward o'clock, from the residence of her parents. No. 310 WestSTEPHEN PHILB1K, 707 BROADWAT Offers forosie, at rrntnuJ prices, aGasFixture*.FRENCH BRONZES, DIRECT IMPORTATIONConsisting of Mantel Oraaaaena, Starosties, Groans, stands,Ac,Ac.Journed to Wednesday.Srraaas Cocsx—Cinenr.—Part 1 Oyer and TerminerPart 2 same a s before.Coaraos Prxm—Part 1—Nos 2329 61.42,2643. 2646.this (Tuesday) afternoon, at three o'clock, without fur- ther invitation.EATaaaoB.—On Sunday, December 6 , a t h a residence. No. 3 Rector street, N. Y., JsxxaiA EAVANAGS, in the 76th2644, 2647 2560, 2561, 2204. 263, 2031 1869. 2304. 2162. year ofhis age.Funeral services will be held at the house of Mr. Fre-Baewwnm.—At Elizabeth. N. J . , o n Saturday evening. December 8, of membraneous croup. Rrssaxi GXAST, se- cond son of James D. aad Debbie E. Brewster, aged 4HASSOS.—EUAN, the beloved daughter of Henry aadGy, November 28. bvWrxuaxHis friends and those of the family are invited to at- A CO., Boston. Ma_.s Hoopingcoughl IntUunmaiioti7 Iiitnimmatic;. of bladder 1 Chiropodirt. 7*0 Broadway. Refers to phyucaas andiBtonchitn>CLuksru infantumCongestion of the brainCongestion of the liver. 1 Iuitammat ion of b iwel* - 6 and diseased meat, nah. poultry, he., seised. 4.062 lbs.; from Rodney street, fourth door east of Lee avenue, this feonaof thiscitr. 'Kao. Therelativesandfriendsofthefamilywr^respectfullv street,andNo.3AstorHouse,BarclayeidVst son o f Aaron O. King.PhraMn*^ndI Gas PtttingattesHled to as asaaL a 331Tenth street, between Avenues Cand D. without further notice.Philadelphia papers please copyLxe.—tm Monday. December 10. HABJUXT. consort of Mephen A. Lee, in the 21st year o f her age.His friends and those of her father. Henry Drinker and of Frederick R. Lee,are respectfully tovited to attend the funeral, on Wednesday afternoon, at three o'clock from her tale residence 117 Second street,airusaixx—Joas, son of Den*' Mutehiae, aged 3 years.The funeral wiH tj*» place this (Tuesday) afternoon, ax uue o clockMrsnocx Inthacity,oaMonday.December10.of consuinptHn,fim*CLARK, wife ofJohnMurdoch, aged S3yearsand6months,anativeofCooicush,county Tyrone, Ireland.Her relatives and friends aad the friends of his uncle. J< bn Henderson, a r e invited t e attend the funeral, o n Wedneedav afternoon, a t one o'clock, from her a t e resi- dence N o M l Fftxabeth street, without further notae. Her r» ma ins wifl betaken to Greenwood CemeteryCBanw.—ht Brooklyn, an Sunday. December t , of con-sumption, FXAxas. son of the ate Francis O'Brien, agad manafartarerof the sanw M *itanadart.' abii teingredient r*- Secure that prepared by E. CHAMBERLIN"atsadsraunenteUtamimns<»sad*nHritoau are neat•nehowts and anane a want re, that b e tabhe< Krtr Ytaa, Dec. 8, lamThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 