 a««iUt of May adjourn to Baltimore, there to rwuce tto I —?r,atfi^-saJss!,sSls?aeaartfce-theCatted States. W^n^t^sJj^ -—- <tM«u«« t*T8 withdraw* from aala^nveatw* w mTotef« •*bar*nMiM toaMd* SUIT'S?" »»°ntoaa4la** which shallbemadeby "* 2!*l , 0 ••, O " " ^ Conveaaoa at Baltimore,•^tireperishestortfcepurposeofe)e:tmgdsttgatatto.L2Uw5J?**!"l,e" to * • •*» •« »aeuUdaw*Uto oa toe an* WMvetitay efJaw KII, wereto orgaaise and elect » new delegation rrom tote state to represent th e de- •ocreey tharecf at Use adjourned Democratic Convention *•„ * ^Ld **^^UBOT* eat the 1Mb of June next-w> a a a -T H E JAPANESE.1 9w-fl ^? ,B *la that portion ofthe lapert oftha imaaray aftha CommitteeonShiverywhichwasthesubjectofhi Conference yesterday, they1designsimplytow l ,u h22 ?-Z*TM!*.a8'1****W-Xuniformsofnavalofficers, sandtonTM,waiehIterk,t*ymg,"Ha, Ssao, how er*Bmaaia,May,18,1830. TbeConference wascalledtoorder thai moramgbytataedtotuotaiatheo>mtn«etwoomaybe.freedup,ni t ^ ^ l * " *» 'I* T£!**ZMe N **«»J CoSVentiOa toheheldthereonthe 18th ofJam text, areinvitedtomentwillpresenttotheJapanese,amongotherthings, toe finest specimens of firearms, aad four sots of "Perry's Japan Expedition,'• Urn volumes to be boundalmosttotears "Why,It'stwentyfiveyearssincewe met," were the words first ep ken between toem. 'Watic'svoluptuous swell"was nowheard proceeding from toe dance room, in one corner of which an excellentintbisetv,aiscertaintobestillgreaterInNewYork hersof thecommittee were correct,aadthemis tions,leavingth*paragraphsoastoread:—when they make then' appearance there. 1. That the action proposed la the report of tbe ma- TomorrowI amtosaveaprivateviewofsuchofth* take occurred because the paper went to prees joriiy hat,moorjudgment,bttu recommended withsot before be could see the proof. In the first p'aee thai conaderktion in committee orthe documenta referred tt was charged that the|Episcopal address on tothembytheGeneralConferencewbtobtbegravityaadMr. tuASTis BaooKS offered a resolution that the com- dent In profound silence, bowing three times a sgarb a n a t h e pomp nbat h i s attended them. W eare naturally disposed to honor those whom we see othershonor, and it la impossible (or the Japanese to be paradedas they sre before the public eye, under tbe directauspices of toe government, without exciting a feelingor respect in the minds of witnesses. The people of t b eUnited States are not awed b y pageantry, b u t they are first trip with about three hundred passengers, and per-mittee endorse to* nomrnauoss made by toe BaltimoreCoaveauon. The roaolaooo was received with a oaaai-moua votes. The resolution to call a public ratificationmeeting ot toe people w as again brought forward, aadsome of toe members entered into a very lengthy aadaniatereating debate as to whether the ratlooatioa meet-ing would benefit the Union party, or whether it wealdaot injure them. Some few were to favor of rushing th ething through, so as not to permit the lukewarm feelingthat was fsat artatog assonant them to grow into dhaou-•toa, while others were In tavor of remaining at a staadstill uatil the coating Convention should show their ban is, the knee as a mark of reverence to their superiors. This aadsotthrowthepartytoteblander* Notwithstandingthe naaalsaoas reeaatioe of M r. Brooks' resolution e n -dorstog the nomination of Bell aad Everett, there werebetogdonewithmilitaryprecisionaddedtotheImposing appearance of the ceremonies.jokes and criticams upon the Eastern visiters, who, how- ever,ifasourceofamusementtoourownpeople,were not themselves the less amused a t tbe gay scene before them.The grounds of the White House have never been known to contain such wall dressed crowds as have frequented them on the last two band daisThe Japanese, who never fall to appreciate good scene- ry, were much struck by the beauty of th e view extend- ing from the balcony across the nodding sea of heads and clustering foliage and greensward far away to the dim horizon, where sky and water met as lovers' lipsto limit tbe circle of vision."Make good picture," said one of then- number, and he sketched ItThose who nave seen the band of the Life Gaards play- ing during the Londcn season in Kensington Gardens o r Hyde Park have n o t witnessed a s fine a sight as that of which I have this week been a spectator in the Presi- dent t grounds,The Japanese remained about a a hoar , during which time ths President introduced them t I a single tody, a n d no mors Whether or not she wss single In the domestic tense of the word, lam unable tossy; hut by her beauty 1 am convinced that if she was presented to His Hlguness Simmebcjen Nokami a s "Miss," h e r present condi- tion matt be one of her owa choosing, aad that t h e will b e tempted to change tt very soon. Oa taking leave e f the President the Princes bowed, s a d again bent their knees so as to touch the ground. This kindofceremonyIssomethingnewtotheexperienceof the venerable head of tbe United States. They were then conducted bask to the carrtagt* in waiuag for then to front of the Mansion, and were driven homeTboerowdhnsanataag after their deperlur^^iBad the Pretwent, woo wasnow joined b y several ladies s a dTHS STEI-XTS.—During the week ending 9th May, 20,558 loadsofdirt,manuresadasheswereremovedbythe laborers employed b y M r . Delavan t o keep the streets clean, st a cost of $6,52211.Is Titer* a Good Road t o Central Park* TO THB ED1TOH OF THE HERALD.NEW YORK, May 21, i860.I lave noticed in your paper many articles setting forththe t eauties of the Central Park. U would truly be of greatadvantage to th e city if there were any way of gettingto It In a carriage without being badly Jolted over rough pavemette, or smothered with dust Is there no way to get Broadway, between Forty-second a n d Fifty-ninth streets, sprinkled? Is there not enterprise enough in the city of New York, with all its fine houses sad streets, its wealthy men, hand tome women a n d magniricent equip tget,tokeep uponecomfortableroadtothecountryrHow can we (even If w e have no regard to oar own eomfort) ask the thousands of strangers who will visitby Dr. Cnuri, or, rather, an addition to the resolution, to toe effect that the member shall not vote la the Confe- rence in which be was not counted as a part of the dele- gationtotheGeneralConferenceThis resolution gave rise to a debate,bat the hoar of ad- journment having arrive*, the further consideration of the subject was postponed till Saturday.Mr,COICTAZERoffered resolutionsofthankstothePre- sident and officers of the Central Kai road company, for toe complimentary excursion to Niagara given to toem on tbe company's cars, which were adopted by a rising vote.The Committee on Slavery have agreed to meet thtt af ternoon, to draw up a supplementary majority report,some dtoaaatiag awnta, a a d M r . Brooks rose a n d r e - folding doors had been closed, an interesting ceremony tookquested that that* should ho a spirit of anion amongst nlaceto the ordinary reception room of toe White House,toem, aad said that he hoped that to* State CoareeUoa wbic*. s t toe request of th e Ambassadors, was nudewould aot be to fool.ah aa to aomtoste any other par- stnctiy private. They had requested to be presented to ties, aad moved thatto* committee pass a resolution that hhss Lane, and the ladies of the Cabinet. These todies the clubs call a meeting at some early period to ratify the were assembled accordingly, and the Ambtaavtora werei FinallyItwasdecidedtoocallamootingof presentedtoeachofthemhitarn,sadtheyafterwardssad the extension of Third street, sa authorized by the which will be presented on Saturday. T h e debate, haw- last Legislature. A . A . Low, Esq , occupied the chair ,at some* early period, aadla committs* of ted to take the matter to hand1rM> "ttanojii toenail that tan trsntTtrtT " the eveningIt transmitted to the State Kxeeutire Commltte, aad after ' minor bustoeat the committee adjourned.ATmrrr TORmrovi tam Xreaoai rton hUxTt-ixn —On Tbwaiay sight, ssvs the Baltimore Stan of tt*l»h htot, s, from ^formation received, detailed TJra-lof officers, to guard toe ap- i Jail for the purpose of preventing ths ro- nwval of some colored person whom tt was stated woraexpreaseo themselves highly irsttAsd with th* manner in wBJca toey were received. As illustrating th e impor tance they attach to etiquette, they poamveiy refuted to sltaw any other ladies to b e presented to them at th e Preatdeat* house, considering It a want ot respect to so high an officialever, will not be commenced till Monday. IhemtoorRy claim that thetr opponents, although exoeodtag^toem to numbers, sre fast losing Influence, and tbat the a****TM* oftbemorningonthealleged mMstatemeatain taebr report, to far from damagtag their oaiise.oaJyiiti^agthenodit B a further claimed that the course which the »*£*"T g pursued so fsr bat wen over not ajrewjtekjr*tos totoeaad E D. White, Esq , w s s appointed secretary. T h a room was filled generally with t h e largest property hold- ers in the city. The report ef a committee, spittaisl at a previous meeting, was pi tainted, together with a me- morial to tbe Common Council, calling attention to to* taw* toutborhanf th e above named ImjUisiaaiils, and designatingthem asunjusttotheteapayersoftbefirst twelve wards, upon whom the whale expease hi madeto ralL The intervention of the Commoa fJosattl It asked for, In order to enable the tax payers to spply to the next•ben* t* be carried oat of the State for sale. It .mat a short toaa ataee to* sheriff by order of theaai Osart, saM a aambtr o f cotored person* who b a dbeeaceavtatodaf ;s**iaa sgataat th* few* They were Yesterday the Japanese Ami—Huts were visited atour city daring the summer for pleasure, to go to the expause of carriage hire I* have their lungs filled with dost wW eenteadfor the hour rata, wbtob we* adopted in the Ughnature. with the view/ ef iistatoliii a tuiuaosrtaa ottated by JohnHtastayTand itwasatatod totoeMarbeit prospect for suewss Although tbe chairman 0' the majority appears to be a very determined man, sad cape ble when aroused,ottwayinggreatinllueace hehassofar been unable to cope with the talent s a d energy evincedadjourned, subject to the call of the*ImportantPear Omen, ME* Yoat, Jtay It, I860.SIR-Youare herebyfcaWaraatedteatetatetaepostal > pen all transient printsand upon ail letters tor -your office for toe mail, a prepaid bypostage^aams^^IofFane*thathe Intended to tail them outof the from HollaedtotheUnited States,aad sabsequentlyby ,thoughtoe order of to* Coart regmrad that thsy•***•**# ^ V " i | 0 | B wmsaacJM aa4phwsd hi a vahteta, 10 whisb,rbarhorte* The «m*rwantupjthaean lta a westward dtrecwoa Wl thisillies—nullsIHiitill U andthe Belgian Mlsttter . Mr. Y ea Conlebroek.two of the tailed States CtomatitstoM satica wss solely of a complimentary Theprinces,lathecourse oftheThe** geatto*by his opponent*•-»•-«. w- h1o bmau4 the cbhnaras*s of Iit They ^5^«^.W-hbaU?S T*"js3i!aa*^^their card* at the resmeaoes of M De Stoeckl, the of Russia, sad M. Mercier, the representative efIreace.Darto* their absence aa tain mStaj l a f rtaa took pmcoteatlemen, eat chatting en the balcony.•oaTSwate*. to^tatltotol, I fooad that those oftb* demands upon the httWfor tltoan»oa.tof«ac«whiwbteb'toYoa state hi the HBJUID of this mornto Waddsll, agent of George Law, has ease to cnbusine*,itateid,cioneciea wlto the watatiag• , _&C,t &ti,arranged for supper, while that of the Isft was prepared OT iae a*aco- T h 0 t w 0 Ur*e oa"tT *P*rtments on eachto be arraagedtor public inspection.Tbe President has issued cards of invitationto a dinnerAt toon as the minutes ef Wednesday's session were read sad approved, CALVM KIXGSLST, ef Erie, movei to suspend the regular order of business for toe&C.tTHE JAPANESE Hf WASHINGTON.to be given at the Executive Mansion on Friday next T ooexhibition at Nibio's. The first ambassador has the cor-ever to be seentwiceIn the same gar-•pruogupamongstcertainmembersoftheBoard No saidtothemajority,"wewantlight.Ifyouwillgiveitoa outside barbarians were admitted to witness the edifying we will be thankful; but If you refuse it, we will be moreNEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY. MAY 22, 1860.-TRJPLE SHEET.3meet at the time and at the place hereafter to be d*> end of next weak, when they are expected la New York. ^nuuetod by him into the room nearest to toe right, Goldbeck'B Hall, 765 Broadway, Mr. James M. TamertlVT^'J?**TM* ***p*f to meet at Donatdanavtile oa where he introduced the three principal ones to the Gene- presiding. A letter from toe Committee on Oorrespon!**_^!*W*^**iikT«*J*n*next,theretoelectdelegates, ThecommitteeappointedbytheCommonCounciltomake ral,who snook handswith them, andthen presented dencewasread\>ytoeSecretaryandunanimouslyadopt- L*T?thtw.h9to*•*.* *•«»J«w»tdConventiontohe thenecessaryarrangementsfortheiraccommodationto toemtohisdaughterandgranddaughter. Tbeladles ed. Theobjectoftheletteristbesolicitationofsubscrip-held at Baltimore on the 18th of June next.Resorted. That the "f""ni*i>ltiTa of each parish of theto* city have decided to retain the second floor of the Metropolitan Hotel, Instead of to* first This wiB secure to them as much privacy as could be obtained in a prlbowed to but did not shake heads with the august visiters They were bareheaded, and dressed in silks of purple, green, watered with gold, and slate, respectively, they were next eondncted to the middle room, on the oppositetions throughout the united States for the Heenan rand The President read a nstef names of various gentlemen residing in the principal cities ot the United States, who,to thai eny, who were agreeably to find the Japanese system of medicu.e so far towhat theyhadsupposed,notwithstandingtoeone can be foond entorprbisg enough to produce aistioa of them In some oae of the Barepeaa" »#mayhavetheopportunityofreaoingsomeveryorie> »al remarks about oartelves, which would, a* doubt, beAmes w a a eatta*rhitadeliphia, to econdouoct tohe reiligttoos extranetDiplomaticCourtesiesBetweentheKnit.metthatdissectionttneverpractisedIntheircountry. allying,a*wellasassucmgBattoegreateventofthedaywastheballgivenatthe Thaev«nieg,asIwaswarningalongthecorridorin THBCOMMITTEROHSLAVERYATLOGGRRHBADB— covebranch,alludingtothedtacaanaaaatheslaveryreters of Prance, Russia, HoDand, Belgi- seeseef Oeaaral Otaa, to whhto the pitompal personages Willard's Hotel, I taraed quickly round to toe call of CRTMlWATTOHg AMD RXCRIMrNinONS-RKrORTti O f parti yesterday. B e then read the following•Good day," and thesbcffin.g, rustling seand ef a Japan' umand the Japanese Ambassadors. of the Embassy war* invited. 1 arrived a t the bouse at cte pedestrian. "Goei eveaieg," b e repeated, mention- i ^ ^ i ^ ' ^ 1 ^ J * , k l M ^ a r " « e d - Tbebrsrhl trg my aame,andattoesametimeholdingoathisrightTHR COMMITTERS ON 1TIMERANCY, BIO. srstiAtRiffoax*oarannwwvoax—*AI1>PreparationsforthePresidential Banquet.XT?.i*»javaed to convene primary meetings to their r»- m VISIT <NP THE CIB1SST f t H I TORI, wngm of the Louse were thrown open to the Tbe proents, orly a very lew of which were uipsck-Bishop BASER. Brr. E.THOMAS, ef Oahtaram,todtbe thepoint there atatod,vis:—ThatIntheirjadgmeatthedocuments referred to the committee had aot reeetved tbe eonsWerstiontowhichtheywereentitled. Tbeminority bad no Intention to charge the majority with unfairness oroppression. Themajority,however,statethattoey believe such sa Impresticn wl 1prevail tf the whole of the paragraph restatein as present form,sad b*»e expressed a desire to be relieved (rem toe liability to such aa impu-'adhereto toe Ctaciau.au Platform,withtoead- • toft by the said National Damtcratto Cba- •*Charleetoa,be,aedtoeyareherebyreepeot-~.Hv—!"?•..nomm m «•*• °° •*••»• *«• •» **• atu mpt at prononnctag my baptismal appelative, but be devotional sxsroaes The galleries ware crowded this faUr"*°»B»u•»«««endtog backnearly thefall OLiysucceedstuutteringaparodyuponit morning,aadthecityIfbeingrapidlyfittedwith£r,2£?J£? UWI**•fle«w»h«Mtesfsomememberof ££?*£ * • bruMw>»"pertof theassemblage.tour' "Verygood;**itewell," wasthereply. This man knowing my name, whenever he sees m e docs sat •rp<ttoeb*atioBit Sometimes he prefixes Itwithsagoeste, The innermost roam to the right wss *d.arei«oeteattotheV>:t HcuteonMonday,there strangerstide displayed a valuable collection of old pictures,busts, statoettrs, specimens of ancient art and of tola cumber seven or more—likely sine—will be purpose of making a correction la the report of tbe tatioa. The minority, In looking over.thetr paper, findother curiosities, sufficient In themselves to con-Japanese. Yourremarks,publishedIntheHKHJUDofSaturday,rela-that they can state their point without retain-ttesorved,the*allansa) aaareaverseto ailaortaordtrtaWtotoedsssscrstto ranks,sadwho depreoatetheortaalsrticn of new partiea, aad toe raising of odioai•"Ms, oncertheirritatingdatmetioas of Unionandanti-Union mm aad movements, aad all MM* as heva balldiagt. On Friday toe President will entertain the sant notoinfs were plentifully exchanged, sad hand met be present,would be densely crowded. The immense cou- the words " evil of slavery," these words should have •acTlfice of principle. Therefore to that sptrft of conci- Una in toe fldefity aad e*iighteaed patriotism el the Ambassadors at a dinner, to which a number of dlathv hand In friendly warmth. 1taw two veterans of the sea couree that has gathered wherever they have been an- liation, the obligations of which they feel to be binding Stete*whasedekgationssounfmunatelysecededfrom meet,onemuniform,theothernot,andtheygrasped nouncedtoappearinWashingtonaasufficientguarantee beeninserted—"aacontrarytothelawsofGodanl alwaysbetweenChruttianbrethren,theyconsenttowaive the Convention at Cbartaston, aai all aueh as are <totor- gtushed geauemea are Already invited. Oar govern each other's hands like brothers,*bile one seemed tcaehed tor the fact, and whatever the excitement may nave been nature." The printed tlips circulated among the mem the statement of particulars contained la their first objec-Wiaajiutun,Mayat,1860.stitute a museum of considerable interest, sadminorityoaslavery.Beforeentering upontheexplana-Stateto the Convention to be held at Donaldsonvtlle beequal to double to* aoraber of representatives to which saidparahesarerespectivelyentitledlato*StateLegnvratehouse.Wearealsoinformedthatthepublicsideoftoehouse,wheretoeytookseatsonasofa,theitwasthought,wouldactsamembersoftheFinancethefactsinregardtothenumberofpetitionersandthehani^. JOSMAUSTCHT,Secretary.three next in rank eoaompanying them and oc-P1ERHE SOD-E, PreeMent. dinner, which formed part of the original pro- cupying chairs oa the same side of toe roam. Committee out of New York. A motion that they be con-gramme for their entertainment, will be dispensed Here toe twoPrincesand toe Chief Counseller were stitutedsuchmembernWMmadeandcarried. The PRB- soon actively employed in shaking hands with numerous u K>T then stated that an opportunity would b e afforded with, sad the ball will b* one of nnasaal mag sows who were presented to toem by the officers of the for members of the Finance Committee to makemembers of the snnual confetences, was laid on the table,thusrefusingtheinformationsoughtbythem.Dr. KiKoeuY denied that it was tbe intention of the ma-MR. UNCOUfS ACX31PTANCB OP THERE- nlneenoe and splendor. It is the intention of the PUBLICAH NOMINATION FOB PRESIDENT. committee to issue from eight to ten thousandNaval Commiiision. Only two or three gentlemen asked individual reports. Mr. J^MBS IRVISO reported that jority to shot oat any light, and affirmed that in the nut- taken op.GBIGMO, May SI, ls«o. The committee appointed by the Bepnbhoaa National CcnveBtkm, oomprlamg President Ashman sad the chair-Invitations, sad in mis manner afford the members or th e Embassy aa opportunity to see all the fair and beaatifai women for which our city tt famed, and at the same time gratify the cariosity of a much larger number o f our cititer o f petitions, tt was agreed oa both sides that thousands of memorials, both In favor aad against a change of rule on slavery, could have been obtained. Besides,it wss a ridiculous proposition to find out the exact number of men, women and children who petitioned en that sub- jectMr. MORGANobserved that tbe minority were charged with working an under current.Iir KI.NGMKYmaintained that the minority were treated bytheotheraidewith tairneesandcourtesy,andif toey quite refresniag to witness. Immediately alter sup- to be presented to Mr. Heenan, waa cali.'d upon, bat said could gain a little respect and friendly persecution bymen of the State detonations, to officially aaaoaao* t o Mr.1H com hie nomination, arrived a t Springfield o n Satnriay night and proceeded to M r. Lincoln's residence, sens than could have been done had toe original pro-first ball hour of their stay it required a very pretty face and a very bright pair oi eyes indeed to raise that plea- tant i mile of toeirswere reported from Mr. WILEIS?, of which $100 was a per- sonal subset ipi ion. Tbe PKWIDXTT announced that Messrs. ItcPonald and Um. Bains, v. r.o had been appointed mem- bers of me finance Uosimiuee for th e city of Baltimore,bad contributed to the fund, the first $200, and toe second $100where Mr. Ashman, hi a brief speech, presented Mr. lin- es a toe letter announcing his nomination.Mr. u.ii«L.i replied a s foilow* —gramme been carried oat.Mr. Leltnd says the members of the Embassy are re markaD'v simple in their tastes and habits. Many ofaad aasingned seats attoe teal of toe table. The crowdthat followed them was very great. Here they partookMa. Ouraa«ii AMI> ttammua or nm &txxrrntB,—I tea-er yeo, aad torongn yoa to toe Republican National them speak toe Ecglish language with great fiaency, andOoaveaUttaon, a a * ail to* people leprea nted in it, m y the others are all studying hard to perfect t lemselvee Inbicn it. One of the Jspaaese artiste—several of whom have yea formally aaaoaaoa. Despl/, aad even painfully accompanied tbe Embassy—told Mr. Lelaad they hadaensible of the great raaaaosioUity whloh Is in-separable from that honor, a rosponstmlity which seen a drawing of the Metropolitan Hotel before leavingJapan.All the members of the Embassy have expressed themselves anxious t> visit New York, and appear to anticipate with much pleasure their visit to our city.OUR WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENCE.WASH»GTO;I, May 19, isflO.per toey were eondncted by toe Commissioners be was not prepared to make a lull repjn He in- to the carriages in waiting to convey them back tended, however, to have toem prepared in thetothehotel;theinferiorattendants,whohadbeentothe beBt stale, the size to be about twenty- coat room, up stairs, for the previous hour, now joined lour iucbes by tweaty eight, and ttie work suchpursuing the course thty chose to takethat morning,n- called tbe Ciucinnati Conference or German Work.had DOobjection. The Committee on toe Bible Cause submitted a some-ptofuoadeaa thanhator to* h g h honor doneme, was be usually charged from $76 to $100 fcr. Mr. L'xici's sotgettea that if a paper stating the object aed wish of the •ef ociatlon were to b e placed in a conspicuous place in the billiard saloons, and otoer places of public resort in the city, a number of subscriptions would undoubtedly be obtained from "Young America" and others, who might otherwise be Ignorant of the movement, or thick It was confined to a lew inoivicuais. The suggestion was actedtoe question as to whether the motion to obtain the exact Bible circulation throughout the world, and more espe-number of petitions and petitioners waa or was not laidonthetable. ciallythroughoutthedominionsoftoeGreekandRomanI ceald almost wish could have fallen upon some one of the f e w more eminent men and experienced statesmen wbcee lihtongiitahed names were before t h e Convention. 1 'bail beg your leave to oosider m>re rally the resolu- tiessof to* Convention, denominated the olattorm, aad niihout unreasonable delay reapond t o y o a , M r . Chair- man, m writing, n o t dooMtag thtt the platform will be mand satiafactory aad toe nomination accepted; and now 1 will no longer defer to* plaasare of taking yoa aai each ef you by toe band.mediatelyontheirreturntromtoeball. Thenightwas uponbyamotiontoitsell'ect,whichwascarried.Dr. CTKKT called for the minutes of the committees. That would settle the question.Great contusion prevailed for some time, whenS.lii.VKOH.otNewJersey,obtained thefloor andre plied to Dr. Kingsley's statement. He said in committer IDS1 it was proper that, although they aere acquainted with the bi'bop's address, it should be read in committee but it was not. He asserted that ihe otoer charges made by tbe minority were true. During his speech he was constantly Interrupted by questions from various members or toe majority committee.l\e Dvraiion of the PrefmiomtU Interview Between Ou ttLittitoMr.Iincoln,whograntedeachofthemwltaa Office—IkeBottlArrangement,fortoeAccommodationrences, signed by 8,9£9 memorialist* and 39 quarterlycould act have been fewer tcan three hundred guests The vartons members of the committee were then prc- Japanett and American Phyiiciant— Visit to the Patent presentpared by him. H e narrated t b e course pursued by the committee. Tbe first thing they did was to ascertain the state or feeling or each annual conference in reference toachangeofruleonslavery,whichwasobtatned. Sub committees acre appointed to classify and arrange toekearty ahahe ct the hand. of the Japanese in New York—Japanese Etiquette—The Yi.itto(heWhiteHous?—InterestingCeremonies,die.WASTOXOTOW, May 19,1800.pation e f slavery, there bad been presented S U memo- rials from 33 annual conferences, signed b y 46,867 m e - morialists and 4£ quarterly conferences.Tbereportwaslaidover andordered tohe printed, and the Conference adjourned.Thi* Gaalway L i s t ,SAKQTJRT OR BOARD TBR BR4ZIL—THE 69TT1 REGI-MENT ENTKKTAINED BT THE OFFICERS.The officers of the steamshlo Brazil, of tbe Galway and New York line, at the suggestion of Col. E*lley,of the unforgotten though disembodied 9th regiment, receaCy at- tended a drill of the 69th regiment, and being introducedwere Immediately entertained to a supper by tbe offiosrsTheJapantst Ambassadors Again VisittheWhileHouse—THE CHICAGO NOMINATIONS AT TOLEDO. The professional Interview last night at Willard's be The Interestto SeeThem Unabated—Interesting Sketch of at their next meeting. It was announced that the mem-to be Introduced, but nearly all the ladtea were anxious be had obtained $1,9C& (Applause.) Mr. C. W. Campbell to go through the ceremony. But the Japanese evidentlyfoon tired ot thakicg hauos with so many, and after tbe reporteu between $660 ano $070. Tbree hundred collarsTbe report of t b e Committee oa Missions, authoriiiif,the biabepa to esubnsh a miaaoa aad annual confereno*to Arizona a n d New Mexico, which was pending at thaadjournment oa Saturday, was taken up sad daaaaad a tsome length, snd finally adopted, with a a amendmenttbat until organized toe dirtrtct be under toe direction of the Foreign Miiaioaary Board.Report* were received from the Sunday School Commit- tee and toe Committee on German Work. The tatter, among other things, lavots toe forming of the German Work to Cincinnati into a new annual conference,to beAt half-past eleventhey wereled tot b esupperroomsparingly of boiled ham and oread, and drank severalMr.LOOMIS,whohadoffered toengrosstoeres:!:tionsglassesof champagne each with a gusto which it was(heir superiors, and a il left t h e bouse together. Alter <ha the guests gradually thinned off, Lord Lyons being among the first to leave.I did not go till twenty five minutes past one, by which time all but a few of the dancers bad leftOn m y way home I called at Willard's Hotel, andheard that the Japanese had retired to their rooms im-Churches in Europe and Aeia. wbich work has been and (till a being vigorously prosecuted.The roles were tuspended, and Dr. EIXGSLRY, rom toe Committee on 81avery, reported the vote of toe annual conferences on toe ttveral pioposttlons submitted by th s last General Conference for a change cf the rule in regard to slavery, as follows:—Cincinnati Rule— For 11, 310; against it, 1,212. Providence Mule —For it, 1,242, againat it, 1,329.Erie RuU.—For it, 1,795; against It. 1,416.There had been laid before tne eemmtttee 187 memo-rials against a change of the rule from 32 annual confe-Mr COCVBS, or Philadelphia, was permitted to explainthe objectionable items In the report or tbe minority, pre conferences. For a change of the rule aad for to* extir-fortunately fine up to this time, b u t soona'ter half pastone it commenced raining. It proved to be only a shower,however, for m a quarter of an hour afterwards it sobsided.* On the whole, the ball west off admirably, and thereA few remarks were then made by the PRESIDENT, in praise of John C. Heenan, as a man and a private citi- zen H e alluded particularly to the fact thai Mr Heenan oad ordered, at his own expense, a monument for the grave of Freeman, an American pugilist, whuoied in Eng- land some years ago. (Applause.) The Chairman stated tbat between $7,000 a n d $l0,C0Owere already collected tor tbe fund. A motion waa made and carried that the fVimmittee of Finance be requested to make a return to 1bebankersoftheastocalion—Duncan,Sherman&Co-TOUDO,May21,18«atweentheJapaneseandAmericanmedicalfraternity,theJapanesePeculiaritiesinDress—EnterpriseoftheJa-bersofoneoftoeprominentbaseballdubsofthecitymemorialsandtocollectthevoteottheannualconfe- were ratatog a subscription among themselves rences on the subject of a change of rule. A propositionOne hundred gens were fired bere this evening; a pro- about which I telegraphed the HERALD, lasted nearly two panese Scribes—Preparations for the Presidential Ban- to add to toe fund, (applause.) la response to was also made tbateach delegate should furnish the subsession marched through the streets healed by bands of saoaic speeches wert made, h e —all in honor of the no- miaabous of Liaoula a n d HMIB'IT Great sathnates• prevailed;DOUGLAS MEETINQ IN NEW ORLEANS.anal the seeedert were denounced, and that delegates wereappointedtotheStateConvention.Hon.Pierre Seole aad othersMEETINGOPTHECENTRALCOMMITTEEOF NATIONAL UNION CLUBS.A special meeting of the Central Committee of Nation* VmonCrab*washeldatCooperInstituteyesterdayeven- mg. John LlojU, President, and G. H. Adams, Secretary.After the oaual preliminary business was got over,the regularbcslcetsoftoeeveningwasproceededwith.On* of toe members aaked what waa the object of the meet tog, to which the President replied that he had called theaeeUxg far the purpose of knowing the feeing of the slab* .a relation to toe late nomination of Bed.ExiSTcs RKOOKBwas called upon to rpeak, and stated that the clubs wished to endorse th e nomination of Bell fcr President, and Everett for Vice President Be then prueeetiod t o speak o f t h e late Baltimore Cacvention, aad stated that their object w a s to protect th e Union and the interest* of the people. He said that it was an e?och In the history of t h e State that a NationalConventionhadmetandmadeanominationa suggest-on, it w as moved and carried that an invitation be extended to toe members of base bail and vacbt clubs to unite with toe association In making the Oet~in testimonial.It was then moved that toe association adjourn until another meeting should be called by the Chair.The promptitude with which the business of the asso elationistransactedlaworthyofImitation.committee with all that was on the Conference journals in reference to slavery during the last four years, but h wss argued by the minority that they had no authority to bring tbe journals of the conferences into toe committee room. Their power as delegates only extended to bring ing that portion of tbe journal on slavery that was refer red to the General Conference into tbe committee Tbe minorityofferedtogivealltheinformationthat was de sired, or that they could lawfully impart The minorityqnet—Jke Presents for the President—TheJapanese Not Saltatarians, <£c.At five o'clock this afternoon the nine principal mem-bers of th e Japanese Embassy drove from their hotel to toe White House, accompanied by the all but ubiquitous Oommlssicners,tadwerethereconductedtoseatsonthe balcony overlooking the grounds in which the band of the marines were just then regaling with pleasant musicThe admirers of Heenan held a meeting at the Parker Information was not given. He admitted that Dr. Wise,ef national democrats was held there oa Saturday night, the music and see the lauies. The bnataess of their mis- of Washington. The appearance of the Orientals caused House to night, and appointed a committee to collect sub- to whom tbe matter was referred, had been taken sua the 69thto a banquet on board their own vessel. CaptainChuaxEsnn, May 21,186XX The Charleston Cbttner has receive1 a special despatch arom New Orleans, stating that a a enthusiastic meetinghoars, sad was shortened on account of the Ambassadors Censor, Vice Governor, and a lot of others, going up to visit General Cass, at nine o'clock, which compelled M r. Portman, the interpreter, to leave sooner than h e would otherwise have done.To-daythesame party, accompanied byacrowdof hangers-on, who worm themselves in about the doors sad passageways, have gone up to visit tbe Patent Offlse. ThaiKBSN1NO OP THE AimiKEES OF HEKNAV IN BOSTON. asked for the number of circuits and stations, and the of that corps. Inst evening, tbe officerfl of the Brazil BosTOJi, May 21, I860. number of petitioners for and against a change, but the reciprocated the hospitality by entertaining the oSosrs ofeneamg they will go to t h e President's grounds to bear a dense throng, including much of the fashion and beautysion being transacted, they do not object now to going out. Sam Celt is bere, bat does not seem to think the Japanfilty dollars were subscribed on the spotformation desired. The minority knew, in entering uponthedischargeoftheirduties,thattoeyhadamajority andtoecompanywhichsatdownnumberedoveronehundred, inducing many ladies Tbe repast oontisted of against them, aad they therefore said, after stating that every imaginable luxury which could be provided, snd sall eyes to be directed towards the one spot, and, Judging bythehamofsensationwhichprevailed,publiccuriosity with regard to them tt still undiminished. There la ascriptions for a testimonial to him. Three hundred and denly ill, butsomebody else could have obtained the in De Campos, the commander of the Brazil presided.dintrg table will not aecomaodate more than thirty, andtog all of the detail contained to toe dhnlaished sod grew loud again, like the murmur of tive to prolonging the Cpe>a season, are very good. Any tion, he called attention to the unintentional omission of referred to, and for the take of harmony theyhavebeenspendhtgtoedayhiTttttofUMpublic manywaters. Glancesandnoesofrecognitionsadplea- theatre,onoccasionswhentheseOrientalswereexpectedto asingleclauseInthemajorityreport. Itwasthis after andpeacetheyarewillingtodoalltheycanwithoutaTheJapan***arestillthehonoredobjectsofattention; harsithebusyhamofconversationroseandswelled,andwaits their efforts for the prom-tion of mod feehag. ae-ecroaadfellowshiplato*democraticream,aadtopre-tothericheststyle. privatebandwasstationed.Iledmypartnerforward,favororthecomas*sf.loners.weet, J possible, the erUs which threaten t h e republic, Vtoe oaly party that caa asoneasfuliy resist the growii* taficfase aad check the aggressive tondeaetoa aad the aliunde ot the republican party at the North he now dis- solved aad split late rrsgmenis.THE VISIT O P THE JAPANESE TO NEW YORK.and we were soon gliding round and round In the mazy glory ot the waltz I said, with Byron—"On with the dance; let joy be unoontlned."At ten o'clock the Japanese arrived, accompanied by t h e Commissioners. T h e chief AmbassadorThe Japanese observe n o Sabbath, a n d n o religious ceremonies are practised by them; neither has say priest accompanied the Embassy. In their own country they say, in reply to Christians, that they are good everyslavery was aot read. H« said that the address was talked over freely In t h e committee, and he offered to produce it if it wss required. A t this point Dr. Kings ley was interrupted by Mr. Monroe a n d others, but the bishop ruled that the speaker could proceed. It was charged that the journals of the several annual confer- ences were not read, bat the minority objected to their production, and therefore that objection was without weight. A sob committee was sppointed to make a draft of the proceedings of the several conferences on the sub- ject of shivery, and although a formal report was not made, still the committee all knew too tubstance of it The minority farther declared that a motion to bring oo>importance ef the subject demand.Mr. MOODY moved to have the paper entered oposflh*journal. The document was of great relative importance totoehistoryoftheexcitingqneetieaofslaveryBOW before the Conference. Tne report of the minority oast severe refiecttons upon the other side, aad he was glad to see that t h e allegations against the majority had been withdrawn. Thepaperwasorderedtobe printedtotha journal.TBX CSARRIED m e n o r THE MSTBOII.«T EPSOOPAI CBTBQB. Tbe trusteet of tbe chartered fund of the Methodat Episcopal church presented their report, asking tor tha confirmation of Joseph Oox. I n * report states that t h a chartered fund In1856was $22,182,aad In 186fttwaa $n2M. showinganincreaseof$1,112. Thepaperwasreferred to a special committee, after which tbe Conferenofiadjourned till Monday.TELEGRAPHIC. SEYsNTKENTB DATS PROCEEDIUeS.BrrsAio, May 81,180O. The order of business, tbe reports of oommittees, wtrfiday; but they appear t o have Resolved, That the democrats of New Orleans, and an Mr. Warren Inland, of the Metropolitan Hotel, re entered tbe housa leaning on the arm or Cap- behind them on mis occasion.left all snowo freligioninch aa are determined to jeia them in the coming PreaV tamed from Washington yesterday. T h e arrangementstain "Dupont, t h e second o n that o f Commanderdesttal contest, aadto support ewdlslly the wwitoeosof for to* reception of the Japanese Embassy are now Lee, and toe third on that of Lieutenant Porter.theNationalDenxwraticConvention,-aadtoadheretothe Atrainoftenattendantsfollowed. Theyweremetatptatform adopted at Charleston, art hereby Invited to fairly under way, and will be complete before the latter tte door by Mr. Lcdyard, son in law or General Cass, sadThe Rtenaa Testimonial Fund.The Heenan Associatioa held a meeting last ngci atpresents as are opened, and these are only to be seen byI n t e l l i g e n c e .C i t yPreliminaryarrangementsarebeingmadeforgettingcertainmysteryattachedtothemwhichkeepsalivein- THBFOCKTHWARDSCHOOLDrmcrtrr.—TbeFourthjectofslavery,"weproposetoyoutodoyourownworkbountifulsupplyofsubetantiatainsnamitedvariety.ese selfcocking rule is much of an Improvementthey were opposed to a change of dtocipiine on toe sub-wardschoolofficersheldanothermeetinglastevening,at Inyour ownway"and we will not Interfere with hold of the Japanese to get a patent for the improvement terest, and even those who see tbdta every day are as tbe school house In William street, to take into considera- you They replied tbat they were opposed to that Warren Lemnd left for home this morningto prepare for anxious to see and learn more of them as those who hav* tion the case of tbe teachers dismissed at previous meet- and wanted the minority to serve on thethetrendreceptiondinner,ball,illuminationandtheatrical hadbutasingleopportunity. Moreover,theyarehardly ings andalso to adjust someminorquarrels thathad subcommitteesto prepare business He(Mr. Coombs)Afterthesupperhad receivedafairshareofthecom- pany's attention, one of tbe officers of the Brazil pro- posed the health of " the President of the United States," as the first tcast of the evening. There were load calls nowforCol.Corcoran and Alderman Barry for a response t o t h e toast Both gentlemen apo- logised, and urged Captain fully to perform toener room on Broadway and Prince street, which com ments, and a description of the dress of one proceedings, and consequently toe account of our re thankful." This remark was mace with a slgniflcaatmantis toe finest view of Broadway of any place in New of their number would by no means apply to porter must be necessarily brief. The school o-Bcers ebake of the head, and was subsequently explained—Mr. duty, which that gentleman finally did, expreieingrives yoa yoa shall have." Daring the coming campaign speaks pretty good Japanese, has been here and was in-by those who fell for toe Union and the safety of toe Saki with the Censor. "Tommy,'' and the Vice-Governor, The Japanese yesterday were attired in the same other rendered themselves obnoxious. It was whisperedcountry- Heproceededt>speakofthemembersofthe andhasgiventoeman"miiin"oftbefuture. They descriptionofdressastheyworeatGta.Cass'ball,con- thatthetriowereopposedtothesweepingmeasuresoftoe; ihouid be caiied - Colon savers.'' but that would"Seven too many," said one of them to me a few days participation in the proceedings three members—Messrs.pared by a special committee, appointed four years ago. Adopted.Dr. OSBORS moved that after Monday tbe call for memorials and petitions be suspended, which brought Mr. SUCKR to bis (eet Be was In favor of keeping the door open for the largest number of petitioners; for if a Southern planter bad exercised the same administration ever black men that bad been exercised over toe white brethren of the minority of the Committee on Slavery, compelling them to sit up at night to write it, he wouldbe by men who wereopposed to the constitution, and not troduced to most of them, smoked their pipes and drank ago—a fact which nobody will attempt to dispute. Dougherty, Shea and Kelly—wno bad for some reason orConvention, o h o . ae said, had obtained the good oplatoaoi the people of Ba timorefor the manner in which theyhad conducted themselves both privately and publicly,ana then proceeded to go over toe proceedings of the Japanese Ambassadors by the President, much of thesisting ol wile silk trousers of various dark colon, kepi up by a sash hoidisg also their two swords, and a silk Jacket, worn open, with long sleeves hanging straightthe rest of the Board, but this was stoutly denied. The resolution was, however, tgcommlously laid on the table, and Dougherty &Co. came out of the contest victoriousConvention, but said nothing that b a a n o t already been Subiiahed n toe daily papers. He the* went on to give a :ography of John Boll, and stated that h e was th e best mantnepartyooutoget,andtorthatreasontheyhadno-straw soles, and the uppers of toem red leather, thicklyascertain the wishes ol tb e Ambassadors a n d cemmani- aottisatioa. oa the groand that it wastoo respectable for oste toem to the President and Secretory of State. Tbe re-the limes, aad thai they had not strack low enough, and sult wss that everything was arranged to their satisfac-smaller ones across the instep, and then at toe side of theankle tied In a bow. They wore n o head ornament, and the table, after widen t h e meeting adjourned till nextalthough less imposing In appearance than on the Monday.ticularly to them.Dr. OsBOB-f withdrew his resolution, as he perceived It the night.that they had not tried to please the maass*. Bat he thought that the people ought to support a man who had always supported them, a n d now that the nomination wasmade,hewouldsupportItwithallhaheart. (Ap- plause. Hethoughtthattherewasnotpowereaocghtothe partytocarryNew York,butthat thetroublesofto* democratic party would tarn to toe Union party, thewould cause a debate.Dr. HAVKNrenewed the resolution, which was laid onthe table.Tne Committee o n Episcopacy reported that toey h a dexamined the charge of Hiram Mattison preferred againstBatoop Ames, to passing th e character of slavehoidingministersofthePhiladelphiaConference,andoilareda TheinquestinthecaseofCarolineG.Mitchell,toeold resolutiontotheeffectthatthe above charges werenot ladywhowasrunoverand kiltedat thecomerof Fifth sustained, which was adopted.The Committee on Itenerancy reported in favor of toe passage of a resolution providing that In the trial of mem bers and ministers, whether before committee or confe- rence, or in all appeals, it was Improper for a presiding officer to deliver a charge explaining the evidence, or setting forth the merits of the case.Dr. TRIMnJ, tbe Chairman, desired to say tbat they had noevidencethatthebishopswereintoehabitofsum mlng up the evidence In cases, but the committee designed to adopt a rule which could be applicable to preaid'ng officers throughout t h e church. T h e resolution w a s adopted. The committee also reported that they had ex- amined the journals ef the Philadelphia Conference touch log tb e esse of William Quinn, a slaveholder, and toey were of tbe opinion that toe Discipline was net violated in bis case, but toe report stated tbat they were unable to answer the inquiry of another resolution, for the want of information, wbicn waa—Can slaveholders be class leaders?Tbe report waa accepted and adopted.rolesofthe people. That thedemocratic party la the niedbyoneoftoeOommwsionero,madetheirappearanceSouth were cat to twain, aad that the people must torn to Jena Ball a a d Rdward Everett. What would become o f toe bead ofUnion among the States it there wasno middle party to take both too Sooth and the North by too hand r He would aot say that the State of New York would be lost to them; but, oa to* contrary, be thought that if toere was wisdom In the Stow, it would yet be theirs. Astorhimself,hewaswillingtofollowsayparty who would raise th e Sag of the Union. H a sat down amid great applause. A a d o n e o f lb* members rote aad made a motion that t h e party cause a mass meeting to be called of the people of the city, for the purpose of ratifying the late nomination,Mr. l a PsTtTia Omma thought that t h e ticket o f Bell and Everett would receive electoral votes enough to send them to toe Boose of Representatives, oat b e thought tost they should for to* present stand aloof until some- thing else" ihou'd torn op.at tbe White Bouse, aad asked to be pot la possession of toe apartmeam astigaed to them, which was accordingly done,and they remained there until the arrival of the Am- bassadors and suite. When the latter arrived toey were uihereo mm the Blue Room, toe subordmatOjOili uals into tbe Red Room, aad toe servants, fifty to number, ranged themselves la toe most perfect military order, to tw o ranks, a oug the side of the long aad spacious hall. When the folding doors of the East Boom opened the view down that hall was picturesque la toe extreme.There baa been a good deal o f maapprehentlon a s t o tbe meaning of ths various ceremonies of presentation. As they were somewhat remarkable i think it worth while to acaaaint your readers with t h e purport e f them, in order that toey may have a more thorough knowledge of Japaaeee manners and official etiquette. On their first presentation toey regarded themselves sa t h e Immediate representatives of toe Tycoon, and approached the Presi-avenue and Fourteenth street, on Saturday sight, wasare naif crazy to get to " Ni York ' as soon as possible. In their arrangements for the official reception of thecredit is due to Mr. Ltdyard, who has a larce experienceto diplomatic etiquette. A vast importance tt attached b y perforated with d'amond shaped holes, through whichthe Japanese to the forms and ceremonials by which their diplomatic affairs are conducted, and it was found-aeoes sary to have some person familiar with such things totheir stockings were visible; the rest merely wore the ordinarysandal,securedtothe feet bystringsattachedto aresolutionforthedismissaloftbreeoftheladyteachers, havebeenlocked iponasagreattyrant HehopedtheA variety of tongs, sentiments and other social inter- course of a varied description, intermiogied with muse en the piano, from tha time forward whiled away the timeWbea too Ambassadors had finally retired, aed theCburisskiAmbtisadon-The Call on the Mttssian and French MimsUrt-BaUsent rule of order *hio*iaa^*ach tpneker *>*«»• minutes. The uuatatiatties win not adhere totola,batWassmvoras, May 19, I860.Ae Minister, of HollandB discussion, and also to compel the erf****TM** °fn"?,£•*Latter Given by aTeneraiCaa w Honor tf the Japanese Gutttt—htUmndMurrumg Particmiars of the rUe, eta,their hotel by Mr. Y on Umborg, th e resident MlaMerdebetoftsTyears ago, and if this privilege be granted the several acta. The ntctnortai tt to be printed and cir- andtheirclothesruined,inreachingto*baautiesyoudes- thTdtooleto*willoccupyto.entirewent IfIcanjudge eatatedfors>gnatures. Addresseetosupportofto*me-tetweenttethreephyalemaioftttSsshaaayandfourattendinga.toepublicationoftheirdiariegany HATSI,Ufa.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069that ofanother. Theyhaveacameleonlikepropensity wereparticularlyopposedtothereporters,onaccountor CoombsmeaningthatiftoemajorityrefuseatoUirowall bispleasuretoseeauIrishsteamer,ownedbvIrishmer- the "scurriiloua manner." as one of the members ex- the light upon the subject which they could, he would use chants, flying the colors of Ireland in the Bay or NewYork. The bridal rooms will bo alsooccupied by the twoAmbassadors. All toe sixteen officers of lower for change of color, so far as the clothes they wear. I pressed it, in which the representatives of the press bad tbat as OJD argument ag&lnst their proposed measures on York. He felt at home on board the Brazil, but he willrank will be quartered on Broadway, so that they stood yesterday morning, for instance, in the corridor of treated thim.may have a full view o f t h e most magnificent street to the world. Even Jeddo—imperial Jeddo—a city extending eighteen miles on the waters of the Paciflc-feel still more so when be stands on the deck of tbe noble steamers which are to follow, and to be named the Con- naugbt, Letnster. Ulster aad Manner. H e then a!laded to the duties which devolve upon Irishmen to toe United States and thetr President, and concluded by awarding all due honor to Mr Lever, whom he styled"the founder of the Galway line, and the inoorruptible bene- factororIreland."The Mayor and Common Council of the city of New York was the second toast proposed. Alderman Brady respon'ied to tt In appropriate terms, in which he alluded to the bene-the Conference floor. Alter further discussion,Mr. COOXKS offered a resolution directing the Committee on Slavery to report tbe number of petitioners from tha phraseology, a pair of long drawers, and a purple ment, vice two other gentlemen, dismissed. It maybe bounds of each conference, together with the number of adcled^by way of information to our readers, that at pre- votes received by each of the proposed new rules in eachthe hotel, and saw my friend Baao Eanaye scud past me The special object o f the meeting last night w a s t oto a dark brown tctsky, or, in more understandable elect a principal and first assistant of the male depart-and from s x to eight miles back, containing four jacket; to my surprise, he came back at the vious meetings tome teachers, mostly Protestants, bad and all toe annual conferences.same hurried, sliding, shuffling gait, In a few been turned outofoffice,merely, itIsalleged,tomake i'ending thevoteontberesolution.Dr.CTKKYwasper- nothing to compare with Broadway. Jeddo, with its wil moments afters-iris, dressed in a slate colored gown room for Catholic substitutes. The officers deny this im- mitted to rpeak. He remarked thai in the committee and a pair of blue silk lady-like browsers, short and wide, putation of bigotry, and asseit that their reasons for dis every member freed hit mind; th e utmost good feeling derness of beautiful shade trees extending for miles, cut missirg the said teachers were very strong and saueiac- prevailed; and be had per'eotconfidence in the honestymillions o f people—the largest city i n t h e world—hascpintoa perfect networkofcanalsandbridges,farout thatStpped against hisbareanclesinthemostagitated tory. and good faith oftheminority, althoughhedifferedto fitsNewYorkhastogainbybeingtoewestern terminusrivalling ancient Ven ice, will b e lost sight or by these manner Imaginable. They love change o f attire, and oc- caiiooal'y entireabsenceofsuch,and,asmaybe in-For the office of male principal there were three can- opinion from toem. didates,towit:Messrs.JohnWhite,FrankMcCaeand Dr.RI>GSLBYmovedtolayMr.Coomb'sresolutiononI>oyle. Thefirstwasstronglyrecommended,and thetable,inasmuchasitwaatheintentionorthe hails from the "bloody Sixth," where be formerly majoritytomakeanadditionalreport,containingstatistics, served in tbe double capacity of school teacher anddis which was adopted. The lengthy and wordy debate then pecser or whiskey skias and gin cocktails. dropped, the minority having (according to the statementof the Galway line. ThepressofNewYorkingeneral,sndtheNewYORKHERALDinparticular,wssthenpioposedsadreceived wltoailthehonors.health of Colonel Corcoran being proposed, that n responded t o t n e effect that tbe Galway line er boon forgotten b y t h e S»\ty ninth regiment,.Bproud to see that the Irish people were able to and support the Atlantic line which iver has established with their aid be- a doubt of tuocess. He alluded to the maty alvantages to be derived from the Galway ioae, both to Ireland and New York, and concluded by pro- posing the health of Mr. Lever, which was enthuaiaeiicaiiy received and responded to by two ot the officers of theBrazil.The health of Captain De Campos being now proposed, the gallant Captain acknowledged toe compliment in ap- propriate terms."Orientals'whentheyteethecrushandjambofcrino- ferred,itisnotuncommontomeetthem injAirunxuraii whichoverthrew the negro question. Hethought that lineandbeautiful women promenading ourglariousand busintheretirementortheirownrooms.MMplatform of the great Union party was large enoughfor all to ltaad open, ai thou so. their enemies h a d saidthat they had no platform. Here was a party which saidto the South, '-What toe const'tation givts yoa yon shall what Is to take place In New York. Warren Leland, who Hotel they are crowded to the extent in some cases of Shine presided, and calico the meeting to order shortly in staving oil' the discussion of the reports for that day. have.'an<1•gain,totheNorth,"Whattheconstitutionmagnificent Broadway. In their own country they have been accustomed to bathe twice a d a y a n d t o enjoy an unlimited supply of The Japanese have become pretty well posted about fresh air, both great aids to cleanliness: but at Wuiard'sAt the meeting last night iir. Commissioner Eugene of a member of the committee) accomplished their object sevenInanordinarybedroom. aftereighto'clock. Alittledifficultysprungupon one AresoiutionwasproposedbyDr.CLARKtoappointaof the oiilcers introdusing a resolution to exclude from committee of seven to examine the Revised Ritual predown to the wrists. Some of them wore slippers with Tbe next business lu order was. the election for the maleprincipal and lirst assistant, which resulted in the choiceor Mr. J. White and Mr T. Gibbins. Mr. ftyau proposedwho were "well to do In the world," to make 100m for people would be heard upon all matters stfecting theirminateJhim.To*charge1*4beenmadeagainstto* toetoeandheelpartandbetweentbegreattoeandotherslessfortunate.Thisresolutionwasalsolaidoninterests,andevenuponmattersthatdidnotreferpar-untilanadvancedhourthismorning,whenthecompanytion, although not without tome trouble to keeping the in- vited guests t-om pressing themselves into the apartments inkneedfortoeexclusiveuseoftoeEmbassy. Thesecon. sated of the private parlors aad reception rooms and inner hall:of the Executive mansion which opens Into the East Boom by large touiag doors at its extremity. At an early hour ot the morning, several Japanese officials, accompa-day of their reception b y t b e President, they were f s r more princely in sspect than on tbe day of their arrival here. The Japanese had then hardly ever been seen to each disadvantage, and their landing in undress occasioned memuchsurprise. Ihavesince beard, however, that this was owing to their not having had convenient access to their baggage, toe great balk of which did not arrive atthehoteltillWednesdaylast.There a a well known saying "the tailor makes the man;" and that greatly overrated author, called Sbakspere, whose plays have been so much altered aad improved b y generations of editors that if he were to be restored to life again he would certainly fail to recognise them as b is own,says that,the apparel oft proclaims the man.And there is much truth In the importance thus attachedto dress, for I am sure that the Japanese have risen fiftyper cent in the estimation of all those who, having seenEi.oraxE\T CJSE.—The young ladies at Splngler Institutewere thrown Into a great state of excitement on Saturdayevenlrg, caused by the elopement of Miss Phlpps with General Bynam, ofTerntosee. Thegallant General,it appears, who bad bean paying his attentions to Miss I'hipps for tome time, succeeded by a coupde grace in hoodwinkiDg Mrs. Abbott, theprincipal oftoeschool, and in getting poasessioa of his fair inamorato before any alarm could be raised. A reverend gentleman soon af- terwards tied tbe knot, and toe happy couple repaired totbe St Nicholas Hotel, where they are now enjoying t h eTbe arrangements were carried o a t by Messrs. Hoar and Booney, the first snd second officers oftoe iteaoer.concluded by Coroner Schirmer yesterday. Tbe evidenceelicited went to show that a maa, who gave ha name a*Allen, while driving a light wagon at a moderate rate of speed, ran over deceased and killed her almost instantly. An effort waa made by one or tw o of th* bystanders to secure toe arrest of the driver of the vehicle: bat he managed to make his escape, aad drove off without wait- ing to ascertain the extent or the injury he had inflicted. Before leaving, however, he said ntt name was Allen, and that be kept h a horse at Davia livery stable, near by, which statement, upon Inquiry, proved to be false. The police, as usual, were not on hand when wanted, snd to the driver escaped.Tbe jury in this case rendered the following verdict —That the said woman came to her death by eompreasioa of the brain, from a fracture or toe skull, reeulttog from being knocked down by a horse aad •ague driven b y a n unknown person. The jury have no reason to believethem in the Navy Yard on Monday last, have alto seenthem since, and all because of their change of in opposition to the George Law line running to the samethey advances, a n d after paasisg a moment r e -tired, with a like number of bows, and passedagain into t h e Blue Room. After a a interval theyagain appeared, but torn time In the character ofAmbassadors, bearing with them t h e autograph letterof tbe Tycoon to tbe President, sad advancing againwith three bows as before, they presented the letter, andthe ceremonies of speech making a a d presentation pro-ceeded as we have described them in our former corres-pondence Whenever tbe Envoys advanced o r retired,toe servantt in the hall behind them simultaneously bent and belies were evidently passing no small number of ternoon.The Committee on Itinerancy, on motion of Dr. CTRKT,reported a resolution providing that, when a preacher toe driver of the wagon was guilty of reckless driving,to unaccustomed to such that even th e slight pageantry attending this Oriental Embassy has novelty enough con- nectedwithtttoattractalargeshareoftheirattention.formed the passage In a most satisfactory manner. S h e leaves from the foot of Cortlandt street in ttiis city, and will be kept running pretty constantly daringtoe day time.was transferred from o n e Conference to another, h it rights, privileges end responsibilities to the Conference to which b e was transferred should date from t h e time o f bis trantler, unlets provided otherwise by the Bishops, or be allowed to vote twice on the same constitutional ques- tion.but cannot too strongly condemn t b e reprebeasible a a d inhuman conduct after toe accident in giving a false name and address, and in leaving the spot without aaosrtaismg the extent of the injury or offering any taaatsnne.Fani. AOCIDKST—Terence Fagan, driver of sa atb cart,was killed yesterday at the damping ground foot of Thirdstreet, by tbe wheels of bis cart P«*«tog «*wr bis bodywhile be was attempting to b a c k J ^ * * ? * * TMtowards toe string piece. J t ^ l ^ J T ^ ^ s ^ n veyedtotheEeventoprecinctstationboose, where Coroner Jackman held an inquestB r o o k l y n C i t y M e w * .OrroHTioHtoTHIPaoBracrPamtaxDOTHERbmiova. •Errs—A meeting of tax payers was head to the Gover- nor's room of the Ctty Hall, last evening, for th* purpose of taking measures to prevent th* laying oat of Prospect Park, sad the widening of Atlantic aad Fourth avenues,The appearance o f t h e neat, y e t showy and picta- resque forms of tbe Japanese on the balcony of the White House created. I have said, a hum of sensation, and im - mediately th e gaze of five thousand spectators fell full upon toem. Here they were joined by the President, to whom they bowed low a n l bent the knee. After this the cadence of many voices grew deeper, and th e beauxFIKIP D-iY OF THE THISI) BSIGADS—By order of BrigadierGeneral Hall, the Third brigade, comprising the Seventh,Eighth, Mnth and Fifty tilth regiments, will proceed toEast New York on the 28lh inst for a field day. Thebrlgadolinewillformathalfpastoneo'clockintheaf- Anamendmenttotheoriginalresolutionwasproposedhoneymoon. T h e affair b a a causedamoDg Mrs. Abbott's pupils, but outside of tbe Institute perhaps the matter la little talked aboutCiiKAP FJIKE TO S u m s IsLaSD—AN Opposrnos Lnni TO TIDEKO&TBSHORE—TheInhabitantsof thenorthshoreof Stolen island have established a steamboat communica- tion with Port Richmond, Factoryvine and New Brighton,places. The lleet little »tea;nboat Flora, formerly plying between Fort Lee and New Y ork, has been purchased a t a cost or $20,C00 tor tbe new company, and s h e will con- veypassengerstoanyoneoftoethreeplacesnamedata charge ofsix centoperoaput—on*half toe fare charged by the old line. Yesterday morning the Flora made hercribe?All retail merchants, hotel keepers, stabler*, aad particularly those families who keep tne establishments, sad also carriage makers, are interested in having a well sprtasted road to the country. MES:HANT.from present appearances, the conservatives have toe morial were made by several saatiemeiThe Post OAe* Bomd,TO THS EDITOR OF THB HERALD.that "Mr.ABSTRACT ®P TBE SIXTEENTH DATS PK> CEEDLSJOS.F5CFTALO,May10,18d0. whdwest tobeartbe band play were busily be wasbound forFowler.'' Be» **"*"*£»£»* TheMinority tf ihe Slavery CommitteePresentm Olitelawritingalullaccount of allthat theyhad your informant wastoerror,sadtbatIhavenotateaBranch-The Ouvttrtd FundoftheMethodistEpiscopal(Sana,tie.The OcslercBos was presided over this morning b yDuring toe morning they bad employed thenv Geeerai Case ball, aad » a fiadieatiUntitled Documenttt» of rtating ^-"^R-covwaOTT H. W1DDELL.4«T HORATIO KllW, HrtaJgoj, f. R, N e w Y o r k .tttftasTll.great commotionTHE MEfHODIST GENERAL WKFRIEHCE.lb* Rev. Mr. Cooper, of%AMMAMWWVWVMWMMWtaftT.Mr5Boa,ofMew Jersey,moved aT«TI*—af FIFTEENTHDAY'SPBOCEEDnfGS. theruleslorthepurposeofiatrodacmgtoefollowlagMr. MOKCAS demanded. In behalf of toe minority,what lengthy report, setting forth toe progress of toeconservativeside,andtbattheirtacticsnoware>* n***broke op, delighted with the merriment a n d pleasure o fCorowera* IaqueiU.TBE FIFTH AVBMCB VEHICLE CASTALTT. www.fultonhistory.com 