 ii I! I'1He advises that the pro- b e required t o file i nmOne of two things must inevitably follow— the complete defeat and dispersion of our anti- slavery Northern Holy Alliance in the ap- proaching Presidential election, or the seces- sion of the Southern States from the Union, with a black republican elected to rule over them. When vigilance committees through- out the South are superseding the regular authorities and forms of law upon this fear- ful issue o f slavery, a n d when' an unguard- ed expression upon slavery by a stranger in a Southern community is sufficient to bring upon him the vengeance o f Judge L ynch, i t i s fool- ish, it is criminal, to trifle any longer with these Southern waverings of disunion.FEW TORKEDITOR AND PBOFRHTOR. of the Great Eastern, previous to the departure of increasing, while the reactionary • » « * « * " •the Prtoee Albert for Galway. Alemader the North will increase in speed and Intensity1 omci K.¥. oouom of aaiutf AW*VW°* * * tr-iwiut cfca awaat of the UlW in New York, till the aboUtionized elements that a ^ ^ *were published.of thebooks to enable asto formacorrectopinion of the value o f the present police. totoPtseaweeeatta*•«NEW YORK HERALD.can Express Company, assembled on board theI 5 t * u * juar^mr,• U .CMJOMII H M AJTD COX.scriptions were firmer, whfla falea were mo-derate, and without change of moment to qw-tattona Wheat was ftrm, bat sales war* confined to Magazine, copied into this journal several small lots of State red at SI 26, and of ohoase Kantvoky months ago. Governor Morgan only says whiteIIM. cornwasam,withsalesofnewyeOew whateverybodyknowswhenheinformsusthat Jerseyat88c;roundyellowat»5c.,andnewSouthern thecompetitionoftherailroadswiththecanals whiteatooc.Pwkwastoasoeeratedemand,wahsalesiscontinuallyIncreasing,andhassoreduced ofmessat116 OS a$lfl It, aad of prime atfU 8S* aail TO. Sugarswerefirm,but aej« ware osnlueato a the canal revenues that they fall far short ef fewhundredhhds.,atfullprices.CodeswasSteady. payingtheinterestofthedebtwithwhichthey Sales of 4,000 bags S t Doming* were made at U # c are chargeable. T h e surplus revalue for the Freight engagements were light, aad rates steady.g ••Tit* Rcisjm at* Teiwaw Approaching mthe Cnltcd Statea^-'WiU t k e Members ($26,807,684).forty years, at the end o f which, if the practice of borrowing money to pay the Interest is con- tinued, the new debt will have swelled to more than one hundred millions of dollars. This sys-The assembling o f the new Congress is i rally looked forward to with absorbing inte-QAROW,Broadway,WALLACE• „V«SATSI.•AKinnra AMXBIOAIT«^Jaw?««ira Msw T M l CAUS re* 1899.CHATHAM AMTHITHXATaE. BIB Hl1« A »IBSHOMSLSSB.isthat,fromthevarioustortures,trialsand astonishinghowanysanemancouldadvocate preliminaryconcessionoftheprinciplethat•CXKAiWo S 1'I;JBroadway-ronae-Tias* Bora' —«' -op- •-«--nublicanpartyhaveinvolvedMpresidedattheboard. Toasts,includingtnep.-, thebiat-.~r -*•»*preparetorthewere offered, and healths, including that of " J- O. in ruin. Elect Sherman « - - .Lever, the projector of the Irish line," whieh washandsomely replied to by Oaptato Waters,formerly Reign of Terror. ________of the Prince Albert,together with songs,jokes, THe OoveraoTi Message-THe Opening 0* pro-slavery Coni__. Pewntofan ^ tte ^ o f ^ i , construction aadtheBowery.—Jwonr TwrMaaai *Aa re -PALACE GARDEN MUSIC•ALL.-A«THtm NATOLSOS' F U I I I U OOMOBST.POLTntCHKIC lN8TrreTmJBrooklya.-DEArroK'i JABthatregiontheyare stopped in theirtravels, and obliged to give a satisfactory account of themselves a n d their business. I f they have not some local acquaintance who can vouch for them, they are followed through all their in-lost within the last two years over one million of dollars.the enormities, the cruel and barbarous atroci- ties, which are the natural and inevitable fruits of the institution of slavery. In this view, and for this purpose, this affair has been seized upon a n d appropriated b y our abolition o r -ter, is not in fact the Chief Executive sponsibility of absolving him from the regula- of the city, but is, in Mr. Wood's ex- tions of the treaty of Villafranca in this regard. pressive language, merely a clerk, invested Whilst he naturally desires to maintain a cha- with n o power over any o f the public depart- racter for good faith, h e can have no desire t o ments, and having no authority outside the force the inclinations of the Italian people.u>eOmu-tHM OUTHW.TT1TIn the two last years the canals have fallenshort o f producing t h e annual constitutionalcharges made upon them by the enormous sumof $3,746,824—nearly three millions and three gans. Their object is to keep up the supply of quarters of dollars. Qovernor Morgan advisesLn Europe —Losnoa....Sampson Low, k Co., 47 Lodgate Hill. Lansing, Starr it | x , 74 King William streetP.UUS Lansing, Baldwin s Co., 8 place de la Bourse. LITSUOOL..I-ansing,Starr& ,No.9Chapelstreet,R.Stuart,IDExc— istreet,East21 rue CornelUe.for goods, write the most doleful letters in re- gard to their business prospects.a year, and the charge of public education, public health, the peace of the metropolis,and the safety ot its citizens, they are absolutely so many close corporations, responsible to no one for their actions, and under no control what- ever.1815, andmayhap,also,bythoseof1856. The very preliminaries under which this body meets, so far as France and Austria are con- cerned, reverse a n d upset some o f t h e most important arrangements effected b y the Con- gress of Vienna, whilst the demand which it isHaras Lanatng, Baldwin. * HAMBOBO..De C&apeanronge & Oa.contentsofothershavebeen communicatedtohelp to pay off the debt contracted by their,—HtJfiAJTO Wmockeries t o which h e was subjected, he es- caped with bis life, from the very fact, how- ever,thatimmediatelyonhisarrivalherei t The true course i s to impose a direct tax to pay the debt while it is comparatively small, and before it accumulates to such an enormous amount. This wHl save the credit of the State and guard against t h e advances o f what the Comptroller very properly calls "the most in- siduous and dangerous enemy of a free govern- ment"under no circumstances i s foreign intervention to be allowed, then there can be ao doubt that the political independence of its people will b e confirmed. Whether they are to be al- lowed te continue under the rule of Sardinia, o r a r e t o b e constituted intoa separate State, the result will relieve them from all further control or Indirect influenceWew York, Wednesday, Jannary 4, 1860. goingsand out-comings,andnot unfrequently findthtmselves face t o face with a Vigilancewalls of his own immediate office.Therefore whateverHe must see, like the rest of the world, that byTRIPLE SHEET. XECMAILS FOB EUBOPE.Committeepublic order and the expurgation, of the com- munity from Northern abolitionists. This i s particularly the case with the travelling agents of Northern manufacturers a n d merc'iaats>,who, in consequence of the prevailing excite- ment,arelookeduponwithgreatsuspicion. There are numerous concerns in this portion of the country which have sent out agents, and made great preparations to meet their orders from the South for goods, that already find themselves in pecuniary embarrassment, from the fact thatthe reinstatementtheseconnectionsa n dY ork Herald—Kditlo for m*ure)pevTna HewThe Ounard mill steamship Asia, Captain Lott willthroughout the Southern States, and we might UM whole administrative municipal government of the Corporation. They are the Finance, the Law, the PoUce,eave thai port today fijr Liverpool. The wUl close at 11 o'clock.The ECBOTSAB Enmox or ris. Ebauin will be publishedought to be relieved from the burthen, and that the business of the canals will beAll several columns of this paper with the late proceedings of such committees against North- ern mercantile agents, pedlars, travellersand strangers suspected as abolition emissaries. Southern"slaveholdersthemselves,beyondthethe Almshouse, th e Public Education,-the Croton, th e Streets, the City Inspectors and the Supervisors.questions connected with Italy, the interest attaching t o i t s deliberations takes a much wider scope than that attaching to the affairsat tan o'clock t* the morning; atxeents.Single copies in wrappers*:•Subscriptions and advertisements for any edition of theNiwYeasHnuxswUlbereceivedatthefollowingpiaoea theiragents,instead ofsending home ordersrange o f their personal acquaintances, not escaped this universal surveillance.haveinc.Stogiecopies,towrappers,ladyformailing,sixcenta gentlemanassuredusafewdayssincethathecially, commercially and religiously, the union between the North and South is, to a great ex- tent, already destroyed. The mischievous poli- ticalagitationofslaveryhasdoneallthis; and now, upon the very brink of a sectional rupture, decisive and disastrous to all concern-labor may be traced to the want of power In the Mayor.The Mayor, as Chief Executive, has cot the necessaryauthority to enforce a prompt obedience to and executionofthelaws;andwithoutsuchauthorityconcentratedin sionstohisHungarianandVenetiansubjects, the hands of one man there can be no good government.agents, will pieaae send to their orders as early u poa- afhtaTketarn.Both houses of Congress wenre engaged yester-had received orders from a client in the South to stop the purchase of. land in this vicinity, whichhewasaboutmakingforhim,onthe sole ground that the tone of Northern feelingNorth are admonished to pause.comes to us In a thousand shapes, and in every voice from the South, and still our abolition agitators are adding fuel to the fire.It is folly (or any person holding this office to attempt that which he has ao legal authority to accomplish. . The evil doers wulresist him in the courts, and he must ne- cessarilybediscomfitted. Moralsuasionorofficialstation avail not against the corrupt element existing in New Y ork. There must be a corrective stronger a n d more potent. Wc require a vigorous arm, upheld by sufficient warrant of law. It is not only necessary that we should have a Chief Magistrate with capacity, integrity, industry and nerve, but be must be vested with requisite, unques- tionable jurisdiction. With such a man, thus strengthen- ed and encouraged, reforms can be accomplished. Other- wise all attempts to this end will be futile.which has suggested to him the notion of abdi- cation, in order that he may throw upon the shoulders of others a task front which his stub- born and arbitrary nature shrinks.The most interesting of the questions that will be discussed by this body is, however, ao far as we are concerned, that involving the rights of neutrals at sea. There is no doubt that an effort will be made to give effect to the declaration of theCongress of Paris in 1856 on this subject, and even to carry further the prin-day in discussing the slavery qauestion, and the re-lations between the North and the South. The was so hostile to the South he would stayat debates on these subjects were interesting, as will home and employ his surplus capital in some be seen by oar report. A e House did not ballot form that would stimulate local and friendly for a Speaker, as several democratic members wereabsentThe Messagesystem fs increasingWe wish" this were true, but we fear it is n o t There was vast need o f improvement, but t h e kind of officers elected last fall leaves little room to hope for it. Sectarianism, too, has crept into the management of the schools, which has been unfortunately brought about inBoth houses o f t h e Legislature assembled a t eleven o'clock yesterday forenoon, and organized with little delay. The following is a list of the offi- cers of the Senate:—the North and the South are being gradually severed, under the growing influence of the terror that Northern agents of the aboli- tionized black republican party are busily. _ ciples laid down in it. Meetings have beenCLERK—James Terwilliger, af Onondaga.BBBOIAWT AT ABMB—James C- Clark, of Warren.Aas&TAXT SxaoKAXT AT AIMS—Mr. Enapp, of Dutchess. every Southern man feels that it is not slavery DooazBFta—Peter Kilmer of Schoharie.DOORKDJ-CRS—Nathaniel Johnson, of Herlti- Franoe, of Ulster, and Casper C Walteiyof Monroe.jABrroa—Joseph Garlinghouse.KaarsK or TSB SBXATK CH > ways -.Nathaniel Goodwin.alone, but the lives of himself and his loved wife and children, that are involved.And this, in fact, i s what i s involved. T h eTribune h a s lately published i n its columns athe law by enforcing the reading of the Biblein every school, which, i n three wards o f thecity, has led to great confusion, and to thegreatest hardship to the teachers In keepingback their salaries. Such is the improvementboasted of by Mr. Morgan, and Is like that ofthe police force, which he proves by showingthatarrestshaveincreased. Crimehasalsoincreased,andasthebestpartofthewe will hold him rigidly responsible for the faithful performance of his duties.high seas under every state of circumstances.Now, whilst abstractedly we can have no o b - jection to a principle which guarantees theThe following were elected officers of the House letter of Theodore Parker, containing five phi-THE POLICE DEPARTMENT.—The annual re- security of our commercial marine, we cannot port of the Metropolitan Police Commissioners accept it unaccompanied b y conditions that for 1859 presents some interesting statistics, would compensate us for the abandonment ofof Assembly:—8raAna—De Witt C Littlejoan, of Oswego. CLERK—WilliamRichardson, of Albany. SBROBAMTATAKKB—E.A.Williams,ofOnondaga. rXwasAssaaJosephBall,ofErie.aawaxAW DOORKBBTER*—Bradford Davis and C L. Carta.All the above mentioned officials a r e republi- cans. The annual Message of the Governor and the annual report of the Camptroller, showing the con- dition of the finances of the State, are printed in to- day's BJOULD.The new city government for I860 was inaugu-ratedonMonday.TheBoardofAldefmenselected 2d.Itmaybeanaturaldutyofaslaveto William J. Peck, of the Eleventh ward, for President* develope this natural right in a practical manner, David T. Valentine, Clerk, and Patrick Gallagher' and actually trill all those who seek to prevent his Sergeant-at-Arms. TheBoardofCooncilmenmetat enjoymentqf liberty.noon est Monday, and proceeded to ballot for Presi-dent After tw o unsuccessful Ballots the Board the slaves to recover their liberty, and in that en- adjourned, to meet on Thursday afternoon. Mr.Van Tine received 9 votes, Mr. Jones 7, and Mr. terprise to do for them aU which they have theAlien a—13 being necessary to a choice. Mayor right to dofor themselves.was presented to the Board ofand thus saddled them on the State.F r r a a no c c i l as co o o t o t h e l t t h n l ^ i j e a i y c o r * - « - « " • - - * importance. T w o vesaam^ hadar-to help the slaves.On the whole, this Message Is unworthy of a embarrassment. A s the floating debt accumu- very efficient addition to the force. It consists that they are the views of Southern slaveholdersendorsedHelper'sbook,andGreeleyandAji* noon,topartakeofabanquetgivenbyhertfaon'aNortherntreasonshop,theagitationUJGalway steamship Prince Albert yesterday after-Ac, combined to pass the time pleasantly till the party separated. The Prince Albert has had her saloons altered at the expense of $100,000 since her last departure from New York.Ihe general business yesterday was light, owing to its being so soon after New Tear's day that commercial af- fairs had scarcely had time to resume their regular chan-t - a S t a t e lia^rlalatmro.The Message o f Governor Morgan to the Le-gislature of this State, at its openingyesterday,will be found in our columns this morning. Itis remarkable onlytor its length, and hasnoteventhemeritofbrevity. Thecopiousdetailstown got wind of some remarks v^ - • 'WMW4 m u s t be paid by direct taxa-•eta. Thesalesof cottonwereconfinedtoafewhundred about the canals, which occupy so large abales, the market closing without quotable change to space, have already beentorthe most part pub- prices, flour was steady, and holders of most de- lished, and appear to be compiled from fonnerdifficulty, arranged.a a dhas nodoubtby thistime beenOt*Congress Hasten 1U Coming fWe are daily receiving information, from pub-Governor Morgan is of opinion that the re- duction of the tolls on the canals has been far greater than w a s necessary t e compete withlic a n dReign ol Terror is approaching in this country pregnant with the most disastrous results to both North and South.Our N ewMunicipalGovernment—The Measage.With the pledges whichprivatesources,whichshowsthat acharged witht h e preservation o fprotection of the canals by imposing for a few years (till they a r e , finished) a moderate tollHERALD, wff.T>KRSPAYJArfgART4 ,lSSOi-TBIPLBSHagEIf Sherman is now elected, or any one ebwi whoBy mixing the latter up with the general fund Ourblackrepnblk*acotomporariee—thein-theybarebeenmisappropriated,bybeing dependent,theTribuneandtheEveningPost— applied to general objects whichthe J&HII^OBDOI BkHHKTT, commander,CaptainProwae,formerlyFirstOfficer theSouthwillhavemorefood,andwillgoon havebeenraisingalamentablehueandcry general fund waa insufficient to meetWehaveseen someoftheseletters,andthe couldbedonewiththecanalsistosellthemtoAll these things, including the Case of poor Power, admonish us of the North, of the state of alarm a n d distrust, vigilance a n d terrible resolution of the people of the South, upon this vital question of slavery. These dreadful manifestations of Lynch law very plainly indi-us. They all tell the same story. Newark car-construction, and to raise the balance by direct file oonteato of the EcEOIBAS Kcmox or tan HSBALD riages and harness, Lynn boots and shoes, taxation, and thus get rid of this source of cor-will combine the news received by man and telegraph at the office daring the prevtomfwtek and up to the hour of saaticattna, iHAILS FOE PACIFIC,r»in i*>in~i r%ni innnfwwa n r v w u r v <-•Blew York Herald-CallSornia Edit ion. The mall steamship Northern Light, Capt. Tinltlepaagh, wtU hare thai port to morrow afternoon, as two o'clock,tar AspinwaiLThe mails for California a n * other parts of the Pacificwill eloae at oat o'clock to-morrow afternoon.The Nxw YOBK W o s n BasAic—California edition—the latest mteWgence from all parts of thewona targequantityef local aadmiscellaneous negotiations that were being carried on by j will b o published at eleven o'clock in the mora- Southerner* for the purchase of property in theThe wonder is that, under such a stateof understood that Russia is about to make,toreports and from an article in Bunt's Merchants' 8last year is less than a million ($962,000), a n d the canal debt is nearly twenty-seven millionsthe railroads.' Mayor'sThe Board o f Aldermen for 1860 was orga-T h e tolls were reduced on twoo fthey were reduced on one million of competingpictureting, however, for the sake of the argument,millionsnon-competingfreighta smuch asTravellers from the Northern section? of the freight, which is manifestly injudicious andUnion are not only looked upon with suspicion ought to be changed. It is estimated that by prove? 'The main argumentrtarot*- in the Southern States, but in many sections of the reduction of the canal tolls the State hastonduringtheseasono fnavigationuponifestationso fSouthernpublicsentiment,i swhich it was his object to put an end to by the There is no general head. There is no chief executive. last war.sothat they will yield a handsome revenue. He therefore advises fheir immediate comple- tion, which he calculates can be accom- plished in the course of the present year. The cost is estimated at nearly two millions of dol- lars. It appears to us that the best thing whichincreasedb yt h e completiono fthe worksHe then goes on to define the duties of theseseveral departments, and shows what the HE- of that country. The Italian question is in RALD has often done before, that although fact but the pivot on which turns the revision thesebodieshavethedisbursementofmillions ofailthatwasaccomplishedbythetreatiesofLowell a n d Manchester domestics, Connecti- cut notions, and, in fact, articles generally o f Northern manufacture, a r e stored away, andenters upon the topic of pardons, which he saysnot even offered for sale in the South, while he has found to be very embarrassing tohim, as will not shrink from the extremities of dis-agents w h o endeavor t o push their disposal are lookedupon with the greatest suspicion. In fact, with the exception ofa few large seaboard cities, it hi worse than useless—it is positively dangerous—for a man to announce himself a s the agent o f a Northern concern. T o such anin most instances he cannot get at the real me- rits of the case, as no minutes o f the testimonyunion and civil war. Those fraternal bonds of harmony, conciliation, forbearance, good fellowship and mutual confidence between the North and the South, upon which thi« Unionfor the present to offer any detailed suggestions as to reform until the Legislature amendsthe charter so as to concentrate the chief executive power In his hands ; then he promises to layprinciples laid down in the treaty of Paris. Then, again, there is the condition of Hungary, once more laboring in the throes of revolution, to be deliberated upon; for it is not likely that in the discussion of the dangers that threatenextant is this feeling beginning to operate, thatcreasing the revenues and lessening the expen-ditures. Mayor Wood says:—In my opinion UMprincipal difficulties under which wethings in that country will be lost sight of. It is probably the certainty that Francis Joseph feels that the Congress will formally urge upon h im the necessity of making constitutional conces-North are being suspended or abandoned. Aindustry.Thus, the commercial connections betweenThat Is the whole case In a nutshell. A chiefmagistrate who has no control over the police,the finances, the Board o f Education, o r t h eBoard of Health, cannot be responsible for thepeace, the morals, or the health of the metro- lately held at Bremen, Hamburg and Berlin, at polis. We look, therefore, to the Legislature which it was resolved to urge upon the consi- to remodel the charter so as to give us a real deration of the Congress the justice of establish- head executive to the government, and then ing the inviolability of prirate property on thefomenting a servile war in the South, and a great measure by the conduct of the Board of Education in stretching their powers beyondlosophical postulates of the doctrines an- nounced in the brutal and bloody speech of SenatorSewardatRochester,inculcatedby Helper,practisedbyJohnBrown,andendorsed by Sherman and sixty-seven other black repub- licanmembers ofthe last Congress. Hereis Parker's formula o f the doctrines o f SeWard, Helper, Brown, Sherman & Co.:—ReformoftheFinancesoftheState—Re- whichwillgivea/goodcomprehensiveideaof suchmeansofprotectionaswepossessforour portoftheComptroller* theStateofthatimportantdepartment coasts.IftherightofblockadeisstilltobeIn another page we publish the report of the The total police force in New York and Brook- left open, it is clear that we shall be unable t o1st. A man heldagainst his will as a slave has anaturalrighttofciHeveryonewhoseekstopre- vent his enjoyment of liberty.system is backwards, like the motion of a crab. yesterday at Albany. It is an able document, number, together with the Commissioners' sala-The Governor gives a remarkable example of and presents sound and constitutional views i n ries, amounted to $1,426,730. T h e number o fthe efficiency of the police in the case of the opposition to the financial legislation which arrests were 84,326, of which 68,890 were madelaw"toprovideforthecareandinstruction hasprevailedformanyyears. TheComptrol- inNewYork,andtheremainderinBrooklyn. SOCTHERNSLAVEHOLDERox THEAFRICANSLAVE of idle and truant children." He says it has ler shows that debts have been contracted by The largest number arrested for any one crime TRADE AND THE UNION.—We have before us a3d. The freeman has a natural right to helpwith work. This is about as good as the duct of former Legislatures, that a considerable year lodgings were furnished to 93,284 per- recommendation to increase the General Super- portion of the public debt has been incurred sons; 1,393 stores found open were secured;intendent's salary.The Governor concludes by taking a fling a tthe South, and commending that sectional anti-readers. For the present we have space only for a passing remark or two concerning i t Wade Hampton, we believe, is the owner of a4fA. It may be a natural duty for the freeman Thisimportantdocumentispublished tojielptheslavestotheenjoymentoftheirliberty,ordinances were reported. tioned that, as a slaveholder, he speaks a s one Thecauseofallthefinancialembarrassments Theaggregate value ofalllosses byrob- havingauthorityand asubstantial interestatthe Amoor titer, it mthey would proceed to Cronstadt via New York. • ire occurred at a double tenement bona* iTHB BOARD or COVNCILMEN.—One branch of caused, as is supposed, by the bursting of a cam' leaders o f that party; and they form a n exact*' the Common Council was promptly organized*««nemt hona»,¥(.supposedwith scarcely an exception. Senator Hammond, a year ago, took precisely the same ground aa Senator Hampton, o f the constitutional power of Congress to stop this African traffic, o f t h eSuch is the philosophical postula o f the abo- litionized black republican doctrines stated by 901 Division street, early yesterday morning, one who has long been one of the thinkers andGovernor of this great Empire State.lated in violation of the constitution has been ex- tinguished by the Loan law, passed by the popu- lar vote In the recent election, and as the gene- ral fund Is now not only free from debt, b u tof eighty men and eight boats, and the num- ber o f arrests made w a s nearly a thousand. The Commissioners draw attention to t h e sys- tem o f detaining witnesses i n custody, whichruption and embarassment at one stroke.have the position o f the Christian subjects o fT_e I«*ta Case o f Iivnen L a w Carolina asui t h e l~eson I t *nite purposes, and declared to be "inviolate."We ought to have both aidesAfter adverting to the prisons, the Governor cate a revolutionary state of the Southern pub-things, the city is governed at all; and, in sim-have been preserved.secuting officers shouldthe County Clerk's office t h e minutes o f evi- was founded, a n d without which i t cannot dence taken by them. But these officers do not much longer exist, a r e virtually broken. S o - take full notes of the evidence, and their min-utes would be of very little value. In Englandthe judges are compelled to take notes of thewholetestimony. Thiswouldbeavastim-provement on our present loose system. T h epardoning power has been so sadly abused InthisStatethatitwould-beadvisabletotakeit ed,asitmustbe,ifitshouldcome,weofthe out of the hands of the Governor and vest It,as in the State of New Jersey, in a Court ofPardons.states thatin value a n d efficiency.t h e publicschoolsufficientlyrecoveredt ovisitlic mind, which, if driven closer to the wall,ple truth, it is only governed by accident, and the Porte taken into consideration, must if in a vile fashion at that Mayor Wood declines conceded, modify, if not entirely alter, theaawawapi'«•••i>i»!ui. ijiHiin* i^lrjs„:IIUI^WJT1" ' »f•*•• i» UWJL||^|W*^Ipoamat Columbia, South Carolina. Power Is a na- separate accounts, aad each fund applied only According totheadvices received by the Cana-tive of Ireland, a stone cutter,and,with a num-berofotabrmenofhtotrndeofdnferentnn- oughttobepassedtothateffecttionalities, was employed In the construction As tiie cnaela have failed to p a y the amountover the recent lynching o f one James Power,There ought t o b e separate deposit* a n d-» *be new State House at Coh-abia, when the of revenue expected from them, and as they u* »- - -Utee Qf Vigilance of said are never likely to pay any better than theyEmperor t o the appointment o f Count Cavoar as first Plenipotentiary ofSardinia, seem to have fc*p waived, tor It k low settled that he is toj attend the Congress in that capacity. Some I ble teei?' *° ttmTe toeen 0CC*d0B*fi bv aclaim of precedency set 9p by the PoaeforW representative:buttallisanutterofminerabolition character. T h e results were, an un- interest _«..v -successful attempt of Power to escape, bis cap-ture, the infliction of twenty-nine lashes upon and the new. N o part of the canal revenueshis bare back, after which he was served withacoatoftarandfeathers,andinthiscondition ofthenewdebttilltheolddebtandthegene- sent down by railroad to Charleston, where h e ral fund debt e f eighteen {millions o f doUsas was conducted to prison, and thence, after a are*paid off, which would require a period tff confinement o f several days, shipped t o NewYork.The warningduty of the police is to prevent crime, itwould seem that the progress of the ComptrollertotheLegislature, which opened lynis2,170men,andthecostofmaintainingthat come"toanyagreementwiththeEuropeanPow-becomeadeadletterbecausethepolicewill theLegislatureinviolationofthbconstitution, wasforintoxication,anditissomewhatsingu-not carry out Its provisions, and he recom- and the loan of $2,500,000 voted for by the lar that out of thirty-six arrested as habitualmends the appointment of special officers to do people last fall is to pay a debt of this nature. drunkards, twenty-six were women. Assaults Trade, the Constitution and the Union, which it, just as if the police were overburtheaed Suchhas been the reckless and rascally con- for murder number fifty-eight. During the we hope soon to spread full length before ourphenelamp. Owing to insufficient means of egress | exposition of what the present black republican at its first meeting; but the> Board o f Council- will have a surplus a t t h e e n d o f the fiscal Is a great grievance, as In many cases t h e wit- wisdom a n d sound policy o f the laws t o thisfrom the premises, five persons perished byfireand candidate for Speaker of Congress, Mr. Sher- men has not y e t elected a President, but has •naboatton. The names of the sufferers and other man»put his hand to and recommended to his adjourned over till to-morrow for that purpose.particulars of the conflagration, and also accounts of several other Area to the city, are given to Another column.year, thisIs a favorable time in which to turn nesses are heavier sufferers than the criminals.* end, and of the folly of agitating their uncon-a new leaf, and inaugurate a thorough finan-Perhaps the best thing that could happen forbe preached and to be practised. No one can the city would be the failure of this Board to stitution justifying appropriations beyondThe house of detention Is represented as wholly inadequate for the purposed The increase in the number of arrests over 1857 w as eight thousand, showing a larger increase than thatstitutionality and injury to the South. Mr. Buchanan, in his late Message, has given us thefellow citizen, of the North as worthy both tocial reform.There i s no warranti nt h e con-to the objects for which it is created. A law da, the organization of the Congress was nearly completed,andthatbodywasexpectedtomeet aboutthemiddleofthepresentmonth. The Objections anticipated pa the part of the French•••••*-• «i4 debt tion. There are two canal debts,: »-* —can be applied to the payment of the interestThese, we believe, are the facte i n the case;but, as served up in our abolition organs fromthetestimonyof thesufferer,theonlywonder tem isso manifestly suicidal thatitis really saidtobeinameasureforegone; forwiththehe w a sour aforesaid abolition newspaper offices, and report his sufferings, we may infer that Mr. Power has somewhat exaggerated them, or that the Bev. Henry Ward Beecher,I the poet of the Post, and the philosopher of the IHoune, have given a very highly coloredon the part of Austria.they have obtained from both France aad Eng- land, they have only to remain firm to their own determinations to prevent the restoration of the expelled dynasties, and consequently the recurrence o f those dreaded evils. I t h a sWe are told that it is but another chapter of that the Mayor, under the present char- peror desired to throw on the Congress the re-o f the case in all i t s details. Admit-that they have notnized on Mdnday, and Mayor Wood immediate-exaggeratedhave given a truthful narrative, what does itcombustibles to this Northern antielav,ery agi- tation; but, in the meantime, the fearful lesson conveyed to the North by all such violent man-he contendsrests upon the Mayor for the good or bad creatures of Austria he would be perpetuatingthe facts, b u to fthat continual intervention i n their affairsseparate and independent of each other, the Mayor hav- Although -the Congress, has been convened ed,theGovernorthinksthattherailroads aremanysuchcommitteesofrecentorigin ingnosupervisorycontrol.Theredepartmentsconstitute ostensiblyforthesettlementofthisandotherperall freight passing over railroads competing strangely overlooked. There was a Vigilancewith the canals. When the canals are complet- Committee in this case of James Power. There Instead of one there are eight co ordinate executives,ly sent in his first annual message.feature i n this document i s a nto prove what we^ have repeatedly said, always been our opinion that the French E m -true. Mayor Wood says:—that n oresponsibilitygovernment of the city. This is, unfortunately,before t h e Common Council h i s plan for in- the peace of Europe the disquieting aspect o fby loaning the credit of the State to railroad lost children were cared for, fires extinguished,companies, which failed to pay fheir liabilities, and 9,822 cases of violation of Corporation thousand slaves. It cannot, therefore, be ques-slaveryagitationwhichnowthreatens thedis-^A? ***AXD,togetherwithreportsofthe andasameanstothatendto>aidtheminkill- ruptionoftheUnion. Hesaysitisthebusi- oftheStateissntdeparturefromtheprinciple beries,Ac,was$156,901,ofwhich$99,333 stake. HisviewsInoppositiontotherevivalproceedingsot«K%*>MBoards. ingaUsuchasopposetheirnaturalfreedom. nessofCongresstoprohibitslaveryintheoflimitingtheappropriationstothemeansac-wasrecovered.FromlastyearthelosseswereoftheAfricanslavetrade,aaaSouthernmove-6th. The performance of this duty is to be con- containlittleof trolled bythefreeman's power and opportunityTerritories. Thus does h e add fuel to the tually provided; and till there is a return to reduced 18 per centflame. this principle, the State will never be free from The report represents the Harbor police as ament, are, in this connection, of substantial in- terest,aadwillhardlyfalltoconvincethereaderrAt the muting of the Board of Tea Governors wonder that all 8ontn«ni»ea should beop- organize at all for the year. The government means provided, and a law ought to he passedyesterday,GovernorB.F.Pinkneywaselected poeodtotherepresentativemanofsuch65c- ofthecity,suchasitIs,wouldgoonjustas strictlyprohibitingit Infact,thespiritof ofthepopulation;butitbynomeansfollowssubject4H» • TWe^awawwSieVnT a^^a s s a w waaasaaasasai r a^asaa j eaojaia ^P ^F WV * W V A aaaaeBia*#^ key Secretary, after several ballots and two re- No further hnslnasa cametrinem » waalna for Northern men who rep- well without their action. The different de- the constitution ie against it, for it is an indi-that the statistics of crime are in tile same ratio.The report o f the Property Clerk shows that 1,070 lots of goods have been received, their value varying from twenty-five cents to $3,000 each; and there have been delivered t o claim-The speech of Senator Hampton Is also the speech of a statesman, and a Union loving states- man, on the main issue o f the Union itself. B u t he has his fears of the future, from the evil con- sequences manifest on every side of the reck- less agitation of slavery by our vagabond poli- ticians, North and South. The solid men of theU•ot last week. The number admitted was W BW WAaWaVj vf W w \AaaTVa*aa»p v w | Waa ^ l Hla»ewaVture, t a d thus giving new wings to the ap- them until next year for the sake of the econo- future legislation could squeeze uncoustitu- proaching Beiga of Terror in the South. W e my. But we fear there is no such good fortune ^mal appropriations.resent commercial a n d lasumfectariiis; c o m -partments could go ahead on the Comptroller'sestimates of six millions and odd dollars, with-rect mode o f creating a debt, and that i s e x -pressly forbidden; but in order to remove allThe number hi the tistinthe intention of placing suAamanin out any additional appropriations from the doubt on the subject a law ought to be enacted7,981, betof an increase of the ehair o f one branch o f the national legisla- Councilmen. T h e public would gladly trust which would leave no loophole through whichants 684 lots, of the aggregate value of South, like the solid men of the North, are true cantellthemthatthereactioninpublicopinion in storetor us. ThemembersoftheBoard Thereisanotherfinancialreform demanded $31,330. totheConstitutionand theUnion;butiftheTheJanuarytermoftheCourtofGeneralSe*> hatalreadybegunintheNorth,andeven maycarryonthefighttorafewnights;butthe bytheComptroller,andwhichdeservestheat- Thbresultmaybeconsideredrathersatis- "impressible conflict"betweenfreewhiteJodge Busaell presid- In New England, against these Robespierreaa •poila are in view, and the temptation is irre- tention of the Legislature. It is to separate factory, for next to the due punishment of the labor and black slave labor is tobe pushed intonothing donesave the empanelling teachings. It has been produced, not by Bistible. The recusants will be bought up at the general fund, out of which the expenses of offender the restoration of stolen property is the slave States, even such conservative Unionof the Grand Jury and the delivery of and nth*rI the government are paid, from the school, litera-desirable; but i t would n o t appear quite s ogratifying, i f the aggregate losses o f property the " slave oligarchy," will b e compelled t oAbrkfcharge Untitled Document *9ceW £CriTM,'Dttt by4h* ******•«•*^f-^^'-^c-s^iPiCansrtaaa»^ls;ntai o f WasstnOa a trest by ail the European nationalities.gards Central Italy, its conclusions may b eers on this question.SFEECH OF HON. WADE HAMPTON—A GREATlate speech of the Hon. Wade Hampton, in the Senate of South Carolina, on the African Slavesame broadstatesmanlikeviewsa n dThey cover the true ground.o ft h e••: | f *. I ftonfldential letters Of caouaauuB «r asrenta to |. .i._ .m.«_.a>m.t»V» C*«»«. «*a*ahto.aad__i__*lwinbeorwnked. tareandotherspecific***»<**•StateSouthern men as Hammond a n d Hampton, o f •M* with thaJr oAMfon union ftr disunion.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com» * - »*— — — — • • —S1 a • • a i — aw, eTWaa,J—"SjI Kw KnMrlnrv aa mado lrnnwn ftfk tha WAIIAO 