 I*'*mm Price. PeUs open from 8 o'clock A. M to 9 TWTBWUT,MsyIT.Ptokys»naa Aurch • j " J « ^ J P s , at 11 o'clock »»lMerator of m e••rsJsekA. a t.3 » »chareh,aVmbaeear,N..TY..aat1l1io'clock jsagaanaoa br the Rer. wm. L. BrecaJurtdge,ple o i Kansas But«very body knew tbat before. In tho torialrepresentation,oronlybackedbytheirownpar annualmessageotMr.BuchananofDecember,1867,toticular State. Perhaps some of the letters of declension, CMDgitM.tbe »hole case is clearly and frankly stated.Pearson bad a benefit o n Thursday night, and Mr. T. B JohnstononSaturday. AveryagreeablefeatureInMr. Johnston's programme WM the rentret of Mtos Caroline Chapman, s capital soubrette Dezsset, snd in the palmyTheMysterions MnrderofstFemaleIm J e r s e y Cltp*.ET»*oei as hour togsat * • * «•*•. •**•-*!!• sotoMr Hants, T look m y time eosaiag beck.them Into a stats af ecstacy which te AttbatrmistingsitheNationalMr. Ties IYeamamt Breckinridge, Mr. BHdeB,Mr.Clay,Mr.Brown,Mr.Pugh,'and damassssts lights of the Senate, have ran a ton, together with a corresponding ssasssrSk of t h o Southern, democratic lawmakers o f We have thus some ioftheff,T»Tlr«M» toossM before » • *"* of teelaf tickets of admkauon to the Convention to the Wood delegatesfrom NewYork,sad* • * • * . SmstBsw then iavitea theTHE CONSTRUCTION OFTHEPLATFORM. to present their credentials and their M M before h im The delegation, in order to put him still mere to the wroBf, waited on him this afternoon at five o'clock. Mayor Wood predated the srsaasamli and found the other BMSgawaw there warn metre. H e claimed that h isFlrst-That the only Prrelitmtlsl candidate who could beelectedWMDougtes.the only one who could be nominated atThird—That thsy weald go to Charleston, and«'camp out'' if necessary, saw never give up until they shall have secured the nomination of Dougtes.Fourth-That on UM adjournment of the Convention they will return to WMhtegtoa to ratify hisAclearirrogramme-neat M the resolutions ofold Puritans who resolved-first, that the earth te tho Lord's, and the fulness thereof; second, that the saints shsJl Inherit the earth; and third, that we are the saiau- but quite as far short of law impediments to b s conof tho Convention were againit them. So i at Cincinnati In 1866,and so it will beat Chartes ton. According to the state of the case as presented bythese enthusiastic Dougtes pipelayers, he will, on the firstballot, poll more than one third of the Convention, on thesecond,there will bs awful shaking among the dry boasof the South; and on the third, Maryland, Virginia, Northt h eT - l i d Mir MO family; tbisk they *,-TM»latest'' ra hasW» f u n i w i It—w HardenKrtH*- ( r t t o r o n e o o ' c c l Mo c * k . , D D r r . ( M M M M • • J r . H X ' T ^i*fehff tor a DABS- morteB attar KAB *"*- i ^ a ^ tea«^MM rkSSteBd MM1Mr. • u tsarsec, Margaret u-»— T ^ ^P•xdty I wteh roo Mate savv — • g * 5 ? g ? -SstOBsQHertn te foisgto ]fsct her Cincinnati i tary benefitttonal theatre,fact the admiitotWalteck, Jr., at the Walnut imanco of a Poor Young ] Arch. MtesJ.^LteaiaceMVMMT*,Ihave* M,sadMfixtheday. /fa*At-•sawai bUml MM taat tao 2Mb of Ma/ WM after Har->«to Ue,OUB SPECIAL CHARLESTON DESPATCH. as fouBdatioa for this, hat with the thermometer at WBredy'sta j at Mrs Fteber s; I ~abo.it bar, be did ao Mt spoee it M a sserot and 1 kept it MtU(Mr. Bredtey oatoeted to thf jpoa a BOWbreach of the oaHa*bothwa»lTMlraMflaaM,]L (laafbtor,la "Mrs. Dortead heartily.Wsr, April 23, iwo. Miss hart agreed Is ortthdraw in s body from the Convention mv lem s resohitioB is adopted before t h e -^-«—itftn o f s candidate declaring la mror af OoD«Teeexn)al protectiondegrees, and brandy flowing like water. Institute Hall will bs a hot place tomorrow.OUB SPECIAL WASHINGTON DESPATCH. WasmaGTOs, April 22,1800.and M they ransacked hisvered no gleam of encouragement. He had only been beara of as an ultra free trader, an opponent of the Pa- tffie Railroad, and the author of the English KansMhill. Pennsylvania sad New Jersey will be consulted at Charles- ton, and a man wm he named who can carry them.Political matters have been badly managed in thte city, and the President hM been shamefully deceived by theMrs.JuliaDeaneHaynetothopresentattrartteaofth Charleston (S C.) theatres. The testimonial to Mr W H Smith took place at the Boston MaCowellhM commenced an engagement at the! Amphitheatre Madame OPISM test the OperaIhe Orleans theatre hM Messrs. Pougano, Dumsta, Dm plain, Mazure, Bordate and atamansI, for the represents tion o f dfasMS a n d vaudevilles, a a d bano operas M7mtm. « OMUMB IS which be found bio wife o a hh) returniMWrt (theMSSUBAwasMbatanttelryM givenby Vicewstr witoMS): 1 slept with him all sight; bad MSMMsava with bim la the raaraisg and during the being to throw the emotion Into1—J. H . WKherspoon, 2—6.N.Reynolds,Jr.,i SM «hM ffMyMinraluableto haThe Ama1were*rIea.Suzanne, or the Power of Madame Celeste played t h equest,beMidthepeoplewereMe, oneSTMto getpsrsslasina togetohsi TM*TM»>w OMW WJkW jm UVMM leawJarV, lamw) UMMssYAsicat; I thank the nroaoaa " MOM" ratsrs r sJury, aad caa_oaly tithe Mae>a thatwest, they are quite ready to take up a Northwestern man, decidedly more popular to the Northwest than Mr. Dougtes, and popular to the Central States, in the Bast and la the South. And that man Is Gen. Jo Lane, of Oregon,4—A. Sftnkms, 6—B.F. Perry, 6—John 8 . Preston,sincefebB ITS teds from Ramsey's, w a a M0 «ta* Monday before Mrs. M l death, saw Herkombeck; said be bad oomefroM MBford._ sMSMSd—Mr. Hasd apoka to him; paid s o parti- Mitattioa to *; Dr Blaekwell had b e n there when I wrftb Hardee, I went with the Manilas at tofttogwim BMSoremberTTsai,aadis itbset a tMOSDAT, AFSJt 3 0 .IMs laakyscol Seminary —Aaaaal publichis getting the support of the Virginia delegation.The Albany Regency clique, thoroughly frightened, hare "fibred to make Wood delegate at large of their delega-unless he WM placed upon an obnoxious platform. General Butter, of Massachusetts, who has been counted for Dougtes, would prefer Seymour, of New York, bet wouldcompromiseonGuthrie,andwould nottakeeithercourse tostained by its original iepi^tentative, and with remarkable talent. After the drama the lmighable faros of "117 Arundel street. Strand" (to which Mrs Keetev's acting, however, WM admirable), WM played. Than Mtos LouiseKeeteysangwith enormous HaasM,and,afne- cessity, t*ioe ever. "Two strings to his bow;" after that the "Abbe Vaudreutl'' WM represented; next came t h e msnsgertel addreM, a n d t h e entertainments concluded with the transformation scene Irom the burlesque panto- mime. Thefollowingis the address:—efwoMMS begine at 3 o'clock P M. To be ooa- * * * * * : : 0 Maiiay,MayT.AwTmi Pert Jocirty —forty second aauveraary, Is tuoa,atIX o'clockP.M. AddraMMmayfrom MBSMB and ethats. ScsiuT, MAT V.TwtCaarck Ja»i Jlniwry 3braa>—Annual rekoftbe Putiasaa.hy Me Ber . George B.l,alT!<o'ckckP. M.M fkbsrsacle cbarch, Broadwayjlhe Bar. Drit), at :>, o'elick P. M , by Dr Hague. MM—akoaemViMm*eVcsa>—AaaaalsaiMC •(harm o( too Pilgrim's (the Row. Dr. Storr*)I of H»rv and Remsen streets, BrookJyn, M 1% mm P.M.MOSTUT, MAT 7.inhtm— la the Bar. Dr. Qaaaes church,astr third street, at IS o'clock M,lawa %lk*>iogicid Saauaery —Anarrersery exercisesiac Mroer street Presoytoram cbarch, M 1% hek. P M.tion,aadtolethimbringas many as*Vc pleasesof bisdelegates with bim, provided b e left them a majority. upon a slave code platform. It Is said he will lead a bolt carry Oregon, and California, and Indiana, and perhaps^ * n « Mens Ckri&am Amciaticm.,—In t h e Aoeshrtoriaa atarab, M 73t eatook P M.iem Jkaewa'j JVwad feoejy— Is the Church of theadministration. They declare they will not trust him. use despatch received from a Northern member of degress to-day b y a gentleman here, who has bet largelyagainst DouglM' nomination. te in the following words — "You have won your beta. Dougtes has gone up.''I am satisfied th e politic republicans here are a goodcolumn of the ant!•Douglas Southern States at Charleston. The decisive vote this Morning o n t h e proposi-tion to adjourn over on account of these party conven Uoss WM a delusion. Under cover of an excuse to change the sofas now in use oa the floor for the old chairs and ce.sks, another resolution to adjourn over from Friday next to the first of May was sprung upon the House near the usual hour of adjournment: and from the vote on the motion to lay on t h e table—7f to 88— it is pretty evideu that the resolution will be passed.hM been rx stponed, but, we trust, not indefinitely.At the Winter Garden, Mr. Mareteek is carrying ou the campaign with his accustomed activity, giving during last week five performances. One o f the prime sucoesses o f the season, "A'essandro Stradelte," will b e sung in Ger-an artiste m France, and my tongue is faithful to my na- tive country, to an English theatre I sm, to spirit, as Eng- lish woman. 1bave produced none but pieces by Eoghsh writets; the music at my feet Is under English direction; the admired pictures behind me are by an English painter; snd the support I have received from a l l arouad me hat been truly English in its ktodnoM snd good will. ladies snd gentlemen, on the 1st of October next I commence a lease of this theatre for a term of years. In th e mean- time I shall not be idle, but shall strengthen my resourcesM(the Kev. Dr. Cheerer •,) Ualam aqaare atTTMIUI,MAT 8.tlwVr.of New Yorkran kt ma ael-.r* Awda^Jkaeol Dseaa Day sxertsMi In theor Breckinridge.If th e Convention should be organised with North andwould party.breakt h eranks,whileGuthriewouldunite theon the side of a recess fdr the Charleston Convention; the republicans were generally on the oppositr i ide; but many t the members of all parties within striking distance oof losing the last chance for their tariff bill, voted for th recess, and Thtdaeua Stevens WM quite indignant at being taken to task about it.The resolution for the recess for Charleston will thus.Gazzaniga, will shortly arrive in the metropolis from the South.thoven, will be the chief attraction of the evening. l'u doubtedly the bouse will be crammed.The Philharmonic Society of Brooklyn will shortly giveIhe season now concluded bM been a mere preface to a book not yet commenced Trust me, every page of that book shall be as good as I can make it, and I hope it will be long before you wish it at sn end. Until next season, tedtes and gentlemen, in the name of my brother and ste tor artistes, no less than on m y own part. I thankfully wish you happtnew, sad bid you farewell. I shall SM this curUto fall to night unwillingly and sorrowfully, I shall see it rtoe on the 1st o f next Octiber hopefully a a d foyfully. I'-nul then fare well'A Lot don paper has the following notice o f a new fares at the Olympic:—On Thursday, a new farce by Messrsraw ebBicbes at 2Aa e'etoek P- M. asm!seatingifrtheCooper hwtituto, atIX oclock 1 AtdrereeabytheBar.James Bern, of Brooklyn, *Mhv. Robert LowTy, of New York.heme and back again in the tiuM indicated, voted for the re cess,notsomuchforthepurpoMofrunningofftoCharles ton as (or a chanc*- to run homo for a day or two. Heuc •The test concert for the Benson of the Philharmonic So- ciety of New York will take place at the Academy onAnderson'spression is that h e will of the Convention.b eelectedto th epresidencys atost the tusplctoBs, but found some one bad to- ap the Convention. The Southern delegations hare all "*TM K b its* ate) there WM great txattement i s the aeajhbor- united o s Wood, and paid him every respect, tenderingthe Charleston Convention expressed their preferenceTheclosingperformances at the Lyceum gaveUme. Cekste sn opportunity of explaining Iter system of m a- nagement. On i-alurday evening the nerformaaots s t the Lyceum, for the benefit c f Madame Ce este, were to bave commerced with "Marie Ducecgt," of which, however, the representation WM forbidden h y Mr. Webster, themath at• J ?os s as rsquMt 1was to drhre ban to the graveyard [ wtttarf thes Mjoarned far dtoaer. Harder, ~s -policy would not be offensive to Pennsylvania,Cen. Lane O n the next ballot t h e southern States In a bocy will chime, the good old State of Pennsylvania will second the motion, New York will cry amen, and old Jo will be lifted up as the sign to the heavens for th.> re union of the democracy and tho downfall and dissolution of the great overshadowing secional Bigger agitating party of the North.It"isbelieved that thepatriotic peopleofPennsylva n<a (whose partiality for military chieftains has been so tignally expressed in her Presidential votes for Jackson. Harrison. Taylor, and even for poor Pierce) would enthu eiasticallycarry<ieneralLanethrough their State,from Pbiladelnbia to Pittsburg. It Is quite certain that be wouldResolved, That the democracy of Arkansas, in conven-tion assembled, feel Incumbent on them to declare tbattheir preferences among the distinguished statesmen whohave been suggested as the standard bearers of our partyto the approaching Presidential canvass are the Hon. R.M. T Hunter, of Virginia; the Hon. J. C. Breckinridge, ofKentucky, or the Hon. Joseph Lane, of Oregon, In the market, was substituted, the principal character betes; of order in which they are herein named; and that either ofthese cistniguished democrats (equally sound in princi-ples and eminently entitled to the support of the wholeUnion) hM our entire confidence, and would receive ourcordialandunanimoussupportifnominatedbyageneralconvention.SMM.^^^^ ^^*tim their support for tho Vice Presidency.Wtte'• withdrawal of his name M a candidate relievesMsilhMlDr. Bar.deal annoyed at the prospect Of Guthrie's nomination, de-*TCW YORK HERALD, TIE(liAioni coiTOnoi.MONDAY,APRIL 2 3 , 1860.-TRIPLISHEET., lBtM f?!^,S^ lLy.*** acarry the Virginia delegates for unarieswhere ia the beginning, and will probably not be to theendoftheConvention.3MEETSATMW Tt-DAF,UTULi»S. IO?EOm OF THE SOUTIIM 9EU61TB8.astoaataiaasa^asawxasaaaassw^^^atojasaMsam«BM• / " »saA«Jvsrta,Bs WMgraphic-be was vivid-he WMWMgav, he was grays, he was add, BOWM qaatot, iamere of the farce compass, which the wide orcte ot borteauss empanels, W e doot know a mars or specimen of the low comedy hero w e dentknowa original reprssssSastss of the fun monger T on beforebespeaks,yonroaratthe tones ofhisuna mirth provoking voice. From hat first entrence to hm hatexit,hekeptthestomalaslIIWMahooM, full Md over full—m a SM of merriment^ a a M . h i J y road, and the none waked;hs M«* MoT«M*it U Carry the Electio. to 0 * Valiaadigbam to Secretary, la relation to th e refusal test night the substance of their proceedings WM:—HousetfReprest.UtlTesonet b e under the absolute control o f Irresponsible and reekteMspoilsmen, but that II will be held under the re- create of rigid regularity, snd wah a true regard to • decern exhibition of sosnslhtog like consistency tocratie principles snd Southern righto.OUB PHILADELPHU CORRESPONDENCE. PiiiLAPSiJBu, April 17,1880.flsjajaMatansd Caucustet—Ridiculous Muss—Pennsylvania Safe firm Moments Administration Man—The Mayor•toMaatoaawajaaastoeSwawaawejMaaasa]WITHTBAWAL OF MB.SLIDELL.**toSMVjassesjsaaaMMjsMmjiThe Scheme* and Oomfjlp ofthe PoUttciaiu,playsThe Fight Between the New YorkaWMthe regular ose, and demanded ticketsman invited discussion, but Wood declined, M Smalley hadDelegations. %<*aebeSsMj*n*M**ha*)aebA'a^kj»*tsBMaM*a*«j»n»resultof Representatives, where theSooth think IIsafestto hare it. Perhaps there will s o t h e s single Southern State represented is the Convention called for to morrow. One of the conditions which the Southern delegations are to require i s t h e admistwo of the Wood deieg ttion. V the six Southern delegations cannot get the others to join them, they will not let the Convention proceed to businessPresidesu-theof thaiA tremendous r o w May, therefore, b e expected, which will perhaps breakwithout thenominee, that it would be bad policy to insist upon anyNorthern man, and good policy to nominate a Sonbernman who would be popular with th e North, sad *BOM Mistteeippi, ArkansM, T?JM and Missouri will tile off tor M for met in the following resolution:—till the Wood m e n a r e admitted.ARKANSAS PREFERENCES.The Democratic State Convention to elect delegates toThe programme, it te understood, points to Guthrie, Woodfrommuchembarrassmentsadwillnotprevent fromwhomIttebelievedtheDougtesmenwouldnotboltproprietor oi the piece.Love," a orama in whichpart of Suzanne when it « M first brought out at toe Bay-He refcMd the terms and said h e would stand or (all with bis friends.The testimony of Walker and his production of M r. Buchanan's letter a t this particular moment were designed u a coup d'etat in favor af Douglas, ft WMSBarrangedafortnight ago,anddele. gates here know all shjpt it before the HMLAXS arrived.A thousand copiM of the Hnuu) BMMMBSI the evidence were ordered beforehand and were circulated this morn-rather than support any man upon a slave code or slavery extension platform.The sudden weakness of Dcugtes Is found ia tin factthat reven Southern States have declared their Intentionof baiting, and nominating a Southern man upon a na-tional platform. This determination te partly the resultcf the flercsneM with which Robert J. Walker's testi-mony before the Covode committee te thrust te everydelegate's face, as an evidence that the Southern Le-compton policy w a s wrong, a n d Dougtes W M right inIowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota and Michigan; whereas, th e acceptance of Mr. Douglas would be a game of chance in the North, and a question of doubt in every Northern State, excepting, perhaps. Illinois.As tile bue and cry of the Douglas men has increased, the concentration of Southern opinion upon General Lane, M s fcati"factory Northwestern compromise, b a s been more and more develop?d ; and the fact that lane, as a Northwtstern men, will cut oil Mr. DouglM, even in 1864, is tot considered by Southern men an objection to line.The great body of the Southern delegates for Charles ton bave not yet appeared, aad probably will not appear in Washington at all, as it lies somewhat out of their way. Thus the Northwtatom Dougms delegations will have it all pretty much their own w a y ia Washington, and will probablynotbegintorealizetheroughroadtbattebe-OFEIUTIC USD MUlinC IlTIERo.Theevents of last week at both Opera houses have been walls comes to a close tonight, and 1stand before you toing among the delegate*.and i s productsg a strong feehhg against DouglM a n d in favor of Mr. Buchanan, aad it k regretted that Mr. Bu- chanan has written a tetter refuting to allow his name to be used as a candidate.Oghttng them, and does not indicate tbat he is any the 1MSa rebel against them, whatever be may be egatoat the fore them until they come face to face with the solid Wednesday in " Martha." The debut of Madam Banti of there aspirations Although Ireceived my education aaB u t t h e plot has utterly failedwtth Douglas men,decided, by s rote of nineeight, that they would not interfere with thoSub- committee,ofwhichSmalley• ChairmanandMr.tagtoomwsmpmtono power to decide.The case adjourned till 9 o'clock to-tholabors of the mountai i at Washington have thrown or Pennsylvania and Nsw Jereey into an position. The caucus of M. C s seemedThere is an Impression hereAmtiSkmm *r**y—Aaaual masting • the adoption of the rules of the test Convention, which In- Clique will prevail at Charleston, both M regards plat some of the li gh tariff PennsyIranians, even atthe hazard next Saturday. The Ninth, or Choral Symphony of Bee-u*^u'clockP.M>Tract Stcidg Asarrersary exercisM i s th eDutch Church, Lafhyatto SMM, at 7 * o'stock •lasfsatt Ladm' Hum Mdummn •Satiety—lathe of ilufcjv-, at 7H o'clock P . M.In-awvsa Tract Stdety (Annual BoaineM Meeting)—In •MSitay ot Music, at lu o cock A M.notopposeitwithoutinjuringtheircandidate,yetitvir- wellplayedout,andittenotatallmprobabiethatthe frompresentappearance,bepassedbytheHouse;but sgrandextraconcertinBeecher'sChurch. its success in the Senate (Joint resolution) te not so sppaWsr!»M»A¥. MAT ai n n SlaverySux** (8aeoadTent his nomination.The next step will be the construction of the platform,in which the South will insist on having a resolution repu-diating squatter sovereignty; s a d a s Mr. Dougtes bMlast that will be made by Presidential conventions.The fact to that these hive come to be nothing more than the Instruments of a few shrewd men, who, havingattained Senatorial position, and seeing the desperate na- ture of the chances of a Presidential nomination, and its short and feeble tenure of power in oase of an election,day, it will be rejected; and the desire to cleanup the session and go home is, perhaps* sultinlently strong to bold the House to business, or the resolution may be so loaded down m the Senate as to break Its back to the House. We shall have come to a pretty pass, indeed, when the two houses of Congress shall resolve U knock on work in the mlust of the session in order to play second riddle to these irresponsible and juggling conventions of party spoilsmen.ing novelty. A t Mblo's Garden th e "Bronze Horse ' has been given as an eiiuestr an spectacle; it is very well gotten up, and hM been so well received as to be con- tinued during this week. T h e Circus programme b a s several other points of Interest, Mr. Nixon being the most indefatigable of managers. A t Laura Keene s theatre the"ColleenBawu" sbeingplayedtofullhouses Itiswith grest success It te called "B B ," snd te founded upon the intern t at present taken by all classes to the do- ings of the Benlcte Boy. Mr. Benjamin Bobbin (Mr. Rob- sen) . a peaceable gentleman on his way to Gretna Green, is. on account of his initiate, mistaken by the residents of a Northumbrian town for ihe American ptigiUst, aad there- by BLtiers much personal inconvenience. Ihe waiter aad chambermaid of the inn where ne Bhgtds salute bim by wavingstarredandstriped handkerchiefs,BobRattles,a "pet"ofthering,fraterniseswithbimasabrotherart- ist, tryirg bis muscles to a uegree which amounts tophy- sictl torture, and regulating bis a let o n principles appa- rently ioentical with those which guided the proceedings of Ssnclo Panza's physician At iMt the victim escapesday)—Cooper u la o'ck>:k A. M aad at 3 o'clock P. M.ImfortitFntmmttt*—I*o»wo' meetingoftheAmert- MTssaty math street, at 10 o clock A. M. aad 1 o'clockHorn- Missionary Society—In church of the t. I'eton iq<a\ie, at 7% o'ctook P. M.I at 10 o clock A M. ABBiTersary exercisM M 3 i M The Hon, Isaac D*»is, of MatsaahaMtto,•at Ltwry, of Ksw Yarki (he Bar. Wttbam Arthur, ^"tonue, N Y , and others, will deliver siittrraata •h» St. a C Bddy.of Bnetos, will preach the anat 7.S o'clock P .M .Trert .<beaa*yo/Bsi*m—u the Church of the- rjssa Kiuare, M 10 o'otoak A. M. AddraMM by »*lae*ei -L hss, j EasahMh Janes, the EST. Antoinette•to- aackweli and othsra.** JWsM*««/jashMVy.—Is thebut will be dropped as soon as it is founi that the North will not base him.Some of the loaders of the Albany Regency delega- tion ore afraid to grre Hunter s complimentary rots, lest it should lommsts him, whilst Deaa RichmondM yst would be a good deed to let him he nominated and IOM the election, in order to punish the South for set- ting bimup.nor—The Democratic Stampede/or Charleston—IV Parry Grtat Guns of Beth Hovics on the Road, dc., dc.• • Wi'flo" and other good things; and the Bryants, in orderWagner s "Tannhauser" te to be brought out at Parte next season with the utmost splendor; tbe preparations have been already commenced. The^taeatr* Lyriqoe bas an opera on the subject of Byrosrs DJBJuan By Victor Masse, and will soon produce tt.••••USa'ckickP .M. iBB%3abeen waiting bis opportunity. Walker feels grateful to the Covode Committee for calling bim up to confession. Walkerknowsnowallthtewillwork,againsttheadmin-comedy the beneficiary expressed his gratification a t th « result of his affair in a neat and graceful speech t.> the au- dience. OnTuesday,morningandevening,theannualMedlcis."•> * Sreemcary Prtntimg MM f a a h s i , , ^ LJ*y— "•» ChwKh Aaoaatwm.— Is the NewThe New Jersey as well a s the Pennsytvan:a delega- tionhasdecayedforBreckinridge. ThoDougtesmenhas publicly assumed party control, unless the quiet and modest Senatorial caucus, during the past winter, may be lookeduponMsuch;andtheso-called Senatorialreso-THI NOX AFPSABANCX O F MADAMS BAMTI—CASX* m o s t TUBACADEMYMAXAUSMKYI—ThefollowingaotehMbeen• • ' J i t e h m P . E._ WBXWHDAY, May Id.^ B a l i * *tsamu —A smstMSMs tpeaJiag the +r«T* J?_ ^ r**]fr writes isTfraduwiBisnmiiwell m the democratic party, the programme or the ^aea torial abque may do good service, aud their consercAiive sense leads litem to subdue fanaticism M well as factfon But after the battle to foogst and won, ifltte woo Presi dent, potiticteM and people will do well to take etre t e a a *mwartol oBgnrchy doss net hewmr s permanent T * 'II '. nt »un n>eas>B«" ef toe Kansas-Nebraska hUtflow Wtee bas W s for several days rn the city, and teavoatitta sventsg,,, we understand, for Cnerteftoo HeU s t'-iu'.ery !r*ein h * commuDKaticns,a«USMI,re•ptcting toe want of courage sad ooMtetenry os (be partor the aeViBisrriitien. Ou the Preeideattat tame he be-•ie< (S tbat Dovgias, if n ai>rtSS* wooM he defeated, and»o-tn be •!••• f. *'b and bu itl cf the d»moeratic party.Untitled DocumentXfcf Gt vert or gave it as his pptoioa that Ju^ge McLean o fThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069pendente apropM to the affair te published elsewhere We are informed thM a very valuable aad suggestive piece r>f plate will be presented to Mr and Mrs. William oa this eccasics.TIIKATSBS Eistwnxsa. —Mr. Jtficrtcc L u betn playing a v<ry tc:cettfiil trgagrnftnt at the Watn:Egi:s**•I'km -.^f***»**•'arfWaflpsrlOIWMITlBWaH^T,sWmlH 1H TM 4MHN J» gsmmmmmmmm* fv^mml t*- » »•> -"»>»•• •« * - ~ e>- •^*^«eslriN.w^ul s^pstsaJ K # eaasiwMdmM 4 a a t k a *On Saturday afternoon Coroner .1of CongreBDougtes BShsjMM, who somber forty fire out of tin ttve influence of the two Mpiraate, preparing the WHV tor on '"•«• in'" to spesk, that "the lealintentsnd meaning'' ovations to the clever artBrtand brUltentsuthor, and ws tame time » th the one to which She mureared womanofthecBcms,torwhoM fsTsrthe cold shoulder, and will not more in h a behalf.ta Chambersstreet. MtosChapman, whoSouth,the first movement against Douglaswill be theThe city te full of reports. thatthecombinationgenerallyknown M theSenatorial, at W o'clock A.%(, and 7>» P.M.nmsiTMis' P»*as.ZAfcrary .aamciafaM IannsI meeting M C B s- this has always been the rule, the friends of Dougtes can- the democratic party. T h e convention system is prettyclude tho two third vote necessary to a nomination. A sform and candidate; and if so it may be looked upon as a return to the old system of Congressional caucus rule inThe Chair-democratic people wanted somebody else Again, they welkin ring with the nomiaatton of Dougtes. T o guard have nominated Bobbins for Mayor, when t very body here thees dekgatioM are doing more. They are trying to cerrsd hare today from Ctiartostow, which seem to indi- against any bolting, the Convention will M called upon in knows the people didn't want him. SUA, Philadelphia ana Ptnnsy lvania amy be considered safe for a judiciousof slavery m the Ibrritories. This setttea Douglae. BMA largo number of private despatches have been reinduce all the other Southern delegations to sgrss with them a s s set of principle, sail to submit MSMtothe Northers delegates In advance of tho meeting of tho 0am-tt they do not agree, tnen the Southern dahvwlUnot enter the Convention at all, but proceedrtar» WMI M Itessltefsi Una la the public sated; Itm tbatIdidstkaowsoboardoftote;beroastedto ern mas for President sad Fernando Wood farcate, 1 s t , That Dougtes cannot h o nominated—seven Southern States, M well as Pennsylvania and other Northern States, being united against b i m ; 2d, That Guthrie seems to be the favorite of the interests named, in consequence of his liberal views oa tho tariff to wards Pennsylvania. Ho hat tho support o f the Pierce Interest to the Convention, and Caleb Cuahing aad Jeff. Davis, who were In Pierce s Cabinet u colleagues of Guthrie, have also struck hands for him.advance ot the nomination to p a n a resolution binding the delegates and the party of every Stats to stand hy the nomination.nominee at.Charleston.The following are the names of the* South Carolinasailed for California in the steamer of the 20th.Marshall, one of the very best soubrsahs on has Bhgnsh stags, snd a prime favorite with the metropolitan peblie, BM returned to the metropolis, after fulftllrog a cumber orbrllltentengsgsmeBtetotheSosth.Founds.—Miss Amy Sedgwick gave readings a t t h e Baymarket during holy week, Mr. Pnetpste pteytog at the Princess'theatre The London afor^Mp C*ro»*ti< ol th e 2nd April says -Three of our metropolitan theatres closed formal]v cm Saturday evening, with the usual valedictory sate protaat- sory addreMM to the public. Two of ibeM, the PriaosM' andtheSt.lamM'.wiil reopen stEaster,wtthoerta>a changestethecompaniesengaged,butundertowsaaaaga- m»nt o f the tame directors. Mdme. Ortoste, h e w e v w , will aot commence her sacoBd campaign at the Licessa until October, and to th e meanwhile mat theatre wm b s under the direction of Mr.£. Falceaer aad Mr. W.M M at osibt o'clock; gave bias a wattobatheatoband,which bo MidbadI ^ » laid lamp, WMI ap stairs aboot aiaoo'rZ « « i death wasvary unexpected; habadao T s*>ket lime the Bight befbre;thare wore other ZwatM sTMbMi MM;bo badbowtoldthattuoi hauly war* dstoatissted about tho MOM o f b a rto hold a Kparete one o f their own, nominating a South-•i«rr«s simor.8, B. H. Wilson,AtLmrgt,Disoriats.8 . MoSowaa, R B. Boyteton.E. W. Chartes. ThomasY.Stmmoas.B.H.Brown, I - Boozer. J.P.Reed. F. Galllard.General Whitney, appointed b y M r . Buchanan Collector of Boston si nee b e WM elected delegate to Charlesion, at which time it is said he declared for Dougtes,is "the Marion of the Mexican war." The most raIlealTHE PBEPIBENOT OP THE CHARLESTON CONVENTION. Brough, who intend to produce th* "Savage Club' bur-now opposed to thepeasisg the South.the Northern delegates to the opinion that, M every State in the North te republican, and Northern delegates areSouthern rights men are ready to take him, with or with out a platform, and M a concession to the Northern and Northwestern democracy. The acceptance of Gen. Lane will be a concession when w e consider the fact that the democratic party of the South have not had a Presi- dential candidate for sixteen years,The plan of operations in the Convention of the Southern States, M we understand it, will be tirst, a M rics cf ballets to try the strength of Breckinridge, Hunter, Guthrie, Davis, Andrew Johnson, Slidell a n d other Southern men, when, If it shall appear that n o man from the South te likely to bring down the North, Alabama,The Hon. Caleb Gushing, who, it hM been said,could not take his seat in the Charleston Convention, owing to tie pressure < f his business before the Supreme Court, left Washingtonfor Cha lesion on tho 20th mat. Ihe im-teequeof the "Forty Thieves on YM-M Monday, and who, amwg other performers of merit, have eagaged Mtes LydteTbomroD. and Mirs Clara S t CasM, baaerto t h e chief, if not the sole, supports ot the St. James'.At the Princess' the entertainments of Saturday includ- ed the comecicttaof "A Wonderful Woman," a mtecefia necus concert, conducted by Mr. Vincent Wallace, to which MUc lat. pa.Mme. Rudersdorlt.Mr. Santier, 'jfcoor Belletti.M.Sainton an1otherarti*ts tookpart, aa<itoo farces « "(ioou for Nothing" MO ','lte Two Pelts."powert opledgea nelectorialvote for the" Little Giant," a n d in favor of a p Whitney te strongly supported amongMr. Shdsll has addressed a tetter to tho Louiaiana dotegation, withdrawing b is name a a d stating that h e iswiling to go for Dickiason, Horatio Seymour, Joe lass claring they would prefer DouglM. They believe DouglM The democrats, with a few scattering exceptions, votedman this evening, with Fabbri and Ptigelli day Frezzolinl will sing.On Wednes-OUB W ASHINGTONfssJkejjMf Jfe» « • *f %Msw« s/w.•PC , flaw*CX^RBESPONDENCE. m, April 17,18wXMBsfUmere snd Cnla«rstheatre. Ote ofthe Capttohseasswmfor OisrlMtrm from the NorthThe friends of Mr. Dougtes began thte bold game of bluff or brag in 1861 In that year, at Baltimore, they com-at one time to have combined on Hunter, who, perhaps,A msBatoni rumor has beea sat afloat that Wood willforcehiswayintothehalltomorrow,withtheaidofmandedsmoutsidepressurewhichappearedto sndantiLecomptonitesofthe"povttalStates.'ThiswM thethirdandlastwnkoftheirParlorOperasis1of all men living, WMthe most distasteful to the tariffltos seventy bullies .from Now York lying in watt. There to bo wholly Irresistible; but unfortunately tho inside a very wet blanket for tho potiticteM, whsBoston MuseumMy. aad Mrs. Drayton have iCarolina and Tennessee will make a break, which will managsrs. ihey managed to nominste a m an by the Sago, with Mile. Daray, tebringdownNewYorkandPennsylvania,sad makethe nameofBerrylfor Sheriff,whoWMbeaten becauselbs TiJlesrnFrenchattheSt Chartes \LmJM.But though the one story may be very good until theother te told, it is quite possible that the other may spoilit. And here it is:—All the States which can be unques-tionably counted upon for the democratic party a r e o p -posed to Douglas. He will not have one vote from theSouth on the first ballot; nor a vote from New York,New Jersey or Pennsylvania; nor a vote from UM Pacificcoast. And the will of toe States which give the democrstic votes to the election will be the States whichwill control t h e Convention. These States d o n o twant the nomination or Mr. Dougtes. They would prefer aSouthernman;buttosilencetheoutcryoftheNorth 8 hawPatterson,tually disposes of him, for Mwill enable tho South to pro- BomJnetions for the next owning ounpaign will be the rent. From the temper expressed in the Senste the other The theatres are doing a fair business without strik Montague Williams and J. BurnandwM procured nerastatedia his tetter tbat if sucha resolutioa shouldbelr>aa.-UuaraianSociety.uttoeHomeChapel.No.J» havecombinedtomakethemselvesPresident-makers,inDelegates to Charleston are dropping in by every train,announced for every evening this week. Brougham's 'teatre, Selby's comedy,At Mrs " T h e LastaaTHeuiofe IVioa.THVMUAV, UW 10.kkrirea Btbie Socittg—Bumee* meeting, Bible Hesse,»A. M aantveraary exeraiaM m the Acaaemy of Mu- ^Bl*»-slock A M.M to secure his reelection for 'wo, three or more terms, dying, perhaps, in the harness, and while dieStates.'in the details of the mise tn scene. "Robin Hood" entersupon its second week this evening. A t th e Boweryadopted bo caa tot be a candidate, this will be decisive of stead of Presidents, and to increase the Senatorial powerhis fate. A great fight is therefore expected on the to such a degree M to make it virtually a life-long aris- third party elements, in or out or Congress, who is notplatform.tocracy.ready to bet on Dougtes. Indeed, the Southern opposi- of the Pigtails," is announced for to night, withtion gentlemen are among bis most energetic supporters the force "T> Oblige Benson." At the New from persecution by the accidental utterance of his own*• reI (city 4JUE» Qaaery Socuty—In the Cooper In-a.u:socic.kP.M. AddieaaeebyWendt.l Phil- For candidatM six names are mentioned—Dougtes, comparatively a small extent of country toma- crsticcandidate,willresurrect theoluoppositionmajori Bowery a dramatic version <f thestory of "RobinA Senator, who is elected for a six years term, havingDickinson, Breckinridge, Guthrie, Hanter and Lane* nipulate, can and dOM generally so manage ties tbat once existed in half a dozen of the Southern llood" has been produced with great care andelaboratunIt is said Hunter has the delegations of ten or eleven Southern States, but it is conceded b e cannot carryWASHINGTON, April 20, I860.Guthrie's friends My thst the friends of Dougtes will ^ uaasamoosmeatsisthetoctartroomofthe OMMOTertohim,butthosewhoharegoodsourcMofcharmingly a s ever . Mrs. Hoey's benefit a ton Saturday, attracted a crowded bouse. "Town and Country' WM exceedingly we!' played.For the present week, several benefits are announced. Onthte evening Mr. John Brougham tots a benefit,aad puts up M bis chiefattraction the fine old comedy of "The Poor Gentleman"—a work which, like good wMe im"tfc,^_ jfc_^^^^^^ MMbM \ M M s P v BegMM ^saMSwesMMMMigy * a a w ^sjSl^aaBijorityOfthedemocratic Senators arsIncludedtoit.Among the outsiders may be found D>ugtes. Irereon, »fGeorgia,whoseseatMr.Cobbwants,Pugh;ofoak.,mi,iperhaps Brown, of Mississippi, and one or two others TheheadofthiscliqueteMr.SlideU. HehMgonetoCharles euen.orL»wouldbavebeensprizetoJohnCovode.ButWsOack's, Morton'sUttSOBShA. M• I I * * J^SasoxnctoOtlBdowere at *i.t Carmen," >2 ? ! ; T * "tosdea itostis m the hssad ofCaba, ! * £ ? * * . » meMtoysMBt of exeeUaaa hsaamsad" **WCMhaSSWS ^ a v - • - - -| h ^ ' l ' '*>w» Laww ValmmMsBwrnm aWmMsmiP ! Oaj BMsraaVas ! • UamsteforsMtoon say they will go to Hunter.It si beneved tbat the leaders of the New York delega-cy Dean Richmond, made a secret bargai af Douglas to give him their votes, if Richmond,Church aad Ludlow are among thewith tbe case, but sane of the rumors ars shown h) have any foundation.fromU Pkii-e w-u l:uujftet *vr Rubknan »«* mEngland all thteUnto, iBttOOSM »s« ifjcorar-t r-f tbtse nice arrangements. He WM thisiks *>!•,'}• t acceptable and most available man for the Cm- cinse.nOrRvei.hQ!. a x d i t w a s just at that point that thte K»r*a» r< pii'.n: govnegnty dodge on the part af Mr. i knftes leg* a to loom up in Ihe shape of a war against ihe tteutb sad the South* rn party to Kansas. We never wculn bav* heard t>: popular sovereignty again had Mr. TKrgiss tcec tom,n«k?d a t nacmnati, and elected Presi- •I'-VVto1803. Tenk>onebewoulohaveexpelledthefreeM waOack's, the treasurer Mr. Theodore MOM, upon iume hard substance, which. spuen b*eht>eg broughttoand there Is scarcely a man of conservative opposition orand for the very good reason that Douglas, as the demoname, and thus Mves husself lrom a five minutes' exercise in the noble science with the terrible "bob" Although"Benjamin Bobbin" te sot one of those strongly marked inuiviuualittes that bring forward the peculiar genius of Mr. Robson, his increasing uneasi- ness kept tbe audience in a roar, and the STpriastoa oftheatre a new piece, from the French, and called "Aa*rvo«MfummB*U«MMty(BaptMt)—laCarra- politicalelementsrefusetocoalesceforthereelectionTheBuchanan-WalkerLetter—theDovglatlrvmpettrtand hopelessmiserywhichbeSMumedwireabefoundthe _Mpts»| oksreb. WcM Iwesty IhifS street, mitiaeu a sufficient number of Northern States to be elected, of a President, no such objection stands In the way of a Life s Revenge," will be produced this evening. T #o gloves upon bis hands, WM M true M tt was ludicrous. the• Adminiiiralvn— More Important WilnesitsSuggested other plays will be presented. "Jennie Deans" continues " Bob Rattles," ihe real prize tighter, WM made by Mr. end,therefore,hecannotgetthonomination.IthiSenator.Theirpowertethusprolongedthroughseveral louchxngthatKansasNebraUmBill—GovernorWinm H. Wigan a complete type of his class—the fane, the to be the leading dramatic attraction at Barnum s Mu- movements, th* appearance, all belonging to the pro- the Presidential Question—Queer notions of the Govtr seum George Christy's Minstrels are doing well with fessor of self defence,and to no other being in she world.• hr Dr o W flam nana, of Waafaiagioa; the ROT. probable be will receive a large complimentary vote)Presidential terms, naturally increasing over each suc- cessive occupant, and enabling them by a limited combi nation among their own class, whose Individual interests and aspirations do not jar• to exercise a power which no President can resist.tfWorahtptThirty-flfth*<« a^aaai. at 8 o clock P . M. AddrsM by the are hostile to him, and will usite the friends of the ether lutiOBB were more probably intended M a feeler of pub- istration, against the fire eaters, and in favor of the con benefit of the Dramatic Fund Association took'place received from Messrs. Olmsn sad Strakosch :—•t. B. Bareea, of Portlaad, Me.tsuMY, May 11. __M•Q"**' l'sjoa7a»lii o'clock A. M. and 7>. eJdsotJ°sru' -fCtmmijiicnrrt far BTXOATMay13"ufc Aardasa Sbriofy (Annual Misltng)— •» Breateay Takersaelo, thirty fburth street sadlic seatiment, or an initiatory step to future and greater stancy and consistency or Dougtes; and we owe our at the Academy > of Music, and W M ,through a Tbe manager* ot the Academy of Music presMt theircandidates to kill him off.Lane rosy come up la the and, u he has warmfriends, but ho wants an engineer. The fight mean-timewillbechisflybetweenDickinsonaadGuthrie. the candidate its looks more particularly for vodeCommittee.assumptions of power.As President makers, this clique hM no preferencesthanks to Walker. Such are the trumpeting or the Doug- variety of circumstances, a failure. T oe oonduot of compliments to the Editor of the BJOULD, aad desire thMtes trumpeters concerning this Buchanan Walker tetter several artists who promised to appear for this benefit, be will be good enough to permit them to My that Ma- dame Banti WM quite correct in bar statement printedfor particular mea. Its policy is availability, and inand the interesting preface of Mr. Walker before the Coand then, M U is alleged, through caprice, broke faith yesterday. "Ernani" WMnot given on Friday, because the withthecommitteeandthepublic,hasbeenseverelyand tenor(Maocalerri)whohadbeeaengagedforthMoperaplesded IllneM at s moment when it WM impossible to supply his place. Tbe extra bills announcing the postpone ment of the opera contained the name of Madame Banti,to make'sood use of the topic of the hour, have gottenup The DouglM trumpeters a r s trumpeting loudly over a '-Burlesque Convention," to meet at 47a Broadway thisthe BuchananWalker letter, and the testimony of Mr. Walker before the Covode Committee in connection with that tetter. All doubts are now at an end. Dougtes isevening.This clique first began its operations daring the Pierceadministration, and really brought about the nominationof Buchanan aad Breckinridge at Cincinnati. Since then vindicated, and the coast Is clear. Walker comes to atit bas increased constantly in strength, partly by the mis the eleventh hour, a reluctant witness; but he is just intakes committed by individual leaders, and partly by the nick of time to give the finishing blow to the enemiesforcingothers,likeDougtes,Intofalsepositions. Itnever ofDougtesatCharleston. Walker is sly. WalkerhM every part being well distributed Subsequent tothe admiration of her brilliant aanctog to "Pierre dothe available man who presents the chance of being most ptettis to their hands. Through its operations the great BUM of strongly democratic States go into toe presenthis enemies. He recommended to that letter the policy ofi,howe^w,whMhwouldBOt sarrs him withthe delegations from States which have no democratic Sena- the submission of the Leoomptoa constitution to the peo- an immense deal of good. At the Winter Garden Mr. H. 8r>DAT MOKNIM,Both bars their partisans ia the New York delega-But what are the facte? Thte tetter is by no means the dreadful letter it bM been repreMnted to be by Forney and the republican press for the test two years. It is. on thetion. It hi urge, that Dickinson can carry New YorkUbT dsMimtM Kwctton of Presidast, against Seward, aad that Guthrie caa carry Pennsylva- Convention without a decided preference for any candi- contrary,a letter touching which Mr. Buchanan may defythe profession would take a lesion or two from the pro- tective associations in London snd Parte, they might do itwitb the charge of giving the copy to the printer. The public's obedient servants.nia and Now Jersey through the iron interest—a consi date, while the individual candidates appear supported byULLMAN 4 STRAKOSCH-(*thewhole,heisregardedastoomuchofan old fogy for the age.Dtekiaaoa te acceptable to tho South, bat the Regencyor of censure of individual aspiratioBS which have a! Hu> ttaiemtni was tatisfsctory then to the great body ofready appeared might be trased to the influences of this the umut;». i party, North and South: and therete no- days of the late Mr. Burton a prune fa- tery coBBectod with the murder of the unknown fe—bs sacrificed himself,girohimin Jersey O t y . M Saturday, the 14th tost The juryaretomeetagainthaieveatog,butMtorMOMbe ascertained no additional foots will MSM before them,and it is feared tbat the afleir will ever remain a r oellexceptthoMwhowarsdirectly concerned„ , _ , Man? rumors are afloat SBSCL_ STrtferaace to the identification of the body, tnai or the murder, snd various other matters sawa»venty They avoid openly expressing s a y profsrsae nil the contested seate are disposed of. They are charged tTtohdk af las sBMfiat saadteates Ihsyspringing their real man on t h e Can vention as a cotnprol^sarrkets X, immin. nitlmr af s "Wafts• nssm" •S^^SrsMa^armATaMM^ areforeachof tiZ? MarsmAh MMBTtast MSM • "Mr senlsThetion, aad M It will veto a s a unit, thsy will thM be re-s?a**L.g WfcVTSwasWrtbratailor, h«*waw ducedtocyphers. flrsmMl hasthedetegatioemhat pocket, aad will bold the balance of power, and give the itershisdelegationisseathome,Mthereallyatewsm, Bm rtimor glvm from t.im» to Urn?the names of Breckinridge, lane, and Seymour of N s * York. Man shrewd in office hunting here, whom tong MUSaTBMM hM meats both skilful sad wary, pin them serves now to members of th e Senatorial clique, rattertskts hM annual benefit, a fact which the public, rseecaistog t h e snvsrytog courtesy s a d promptitude w ^ m a r k the aSmintetrattoa of Walteck's ia front of the curtaia, will hold to due remembrance.On TuMi-sy Mr. an* Mrs Barney WilPanis will bave a .eavmonialbenefitattheWinterGarden,stoathMbeau tilul theatre will, without doubt, recrive the largest aulbs surface, WMciscevtrsd to be the bar._of M y wearing apparel having been after,buno useesofMydvcernible. The barrel wasstondteg attached to it were a f r ~upoa the rnd, aad badmud. Ittenossthls t i -the barrel with the piece of tarred cordby tbe drag the day prsvtous and bro scmethteg to which tt W M attached. 1 «xntttiue thessMChto-dayto hopesefm , foltewtoar PAIS or Fi ATM a M«*°« r"'**—were soil uacer execouoa to Cattaway o°*»«r> •»-> week, st tbe fortewkg priae* ~^T7^^od J£6; Ed., SgSd 28 years,,»• •JTM* '1,11,120: Asjte.agad *7t»«r"> Harriet.•£o;*cT*mm»J-».**6 ^W,,>UL,'' $9f0; Jrej, sgeomat u s only one-third af the detegaA DouglMI testsightaHibernianHall.SpeechesbySenatorPughMd G«eral Liader, who Mid he would teave his BOOM an thi soil af Marion if the "JUUte Coat" wm not nomt-meetingo fdelegatesa n dothers was heldSenatorial clique.Cc leu:; . .v.titi ail his energies and his wits to the great oi;•etcfiu»tuigKansasaslavebtste. ButWMnotthte <t>t- otim oi Mr. Dougtes in the matter of that Kansmv Ntbuik oin,untilbeWMabandoned bytheSouthat ihe i.-ur :,!>«•' ( o: ventton' It is a pity that Calhoun hM retueu to ms underground lodging bouse. He died toovoritehM been for several years past to California, returns in finecondition actswithallherformerspiritsadsingsasIts mote active and influential members are Hunter, of\lrginia.ShdeU,ofLoutetena;Bright,ofIndiana;Gwin,ofCalifornia, with perhaps one or two others, aad a ma- ate »»< a iiAt oi that Leoomptoa constitution. DoubtiSMCoroner sIon u the custodian of the clique Interests there.The UM of Hunter's name M a candidate is mure fortho purpoM of » foil for DouglM, and, through the ueg*il«re IT1 Cm. Davy Atchison, and Dougtes, snd poorTW"CP. »n<t a botioi otnara coaaecteU wi«h the originalmot oi U' kaut*- Nebraska bill. Let them be called to proves with sg«- *»> Brougham's benefits are always search to be ccnttoued at the Turkii c stand by JohL Covode. and they will prove, if Ihsy other barrel of pitch which was found to be mtestogat \tLng m this Walker testimony snd Walker letter to dis- turbUii».ji..'gwtutofthedemocracy inthe slightestde- gr a-The sctboritiw M y e t have fatted t» unravel the mys- found bruised, sagged and sunk at the Yorktir.VV«»*TchargesuponJokwCalhounthe burdenof(•i ib«iton «»•t<>makeaslaveStateof KansasforMM havenodoubt that theafiair of to-aight WMlouBd anchored. CoronerGaflhey,who tesartog to aytos mnitrfr** Who this Is no one uutsiie of the ctiqae MumetAl bet--iii <f Atchison and the Presidential hnaafll exception to the general rule. Oa next Saturday, ibeikvestigation, tbuaHy succeeded in fastenings \_|1 n rt« taw BSrhttMS o f Individual aspirants to th e PresiInthepresentcrisisthatattendsthewholecountry,M sateuartybyfirssndsword,topursuimceofthe"true oieme everassembled within Itswalls. Theoorresdelegatestothe Charleston Convention —INTERKSriNG ITEMS.THE SOUTH CAROLINA DBXBQATMS.duly chronicled. At the Academy Adelina Pattiretainsber hold upon the public, snd her position cannot b e shaken by opposition. Tt a almost after the manner o f a musical wonderto see this little girl, who hM been hardly six months before the public, sustaining a s t h e oniy prima aonma an opera house against a combination of several of the best living artist*. To-night, at the Academy, Mtos Patti snd Brignoli will sing in t h e "Puritaut," and o amy real character of your faithful and attached servant, to render s u a jeoontrf my service. I opened thai thea- tre under many difficulties a n d some discouragement, with the hope of making It a place of totsltectual amuse- ment that should be second to none to London; 1it with t h e intention o t working honestly and working bard M its directress; I opened tt wtth the purpose of Ksduaily blending its various department* into an totel-;ent aad picturesque union that should be really expres- sive of the story told 1 truit that *bat you have seen oa thte stage under my management hM not been unworthyTwo more prime donne, Madame Corteei and Madame (ae I have airetdy begun to do) to every possible way.BKXSKHS —The week bM been prolific tn benefits, some really beneficial, others not so. On Monday, Mr. John Dyott appealed to his friends and the public The Wallask company played " The School for Scandal " very finely,Mr. John Oxenford b M supplied the Olympic thestre, London, with a sew and improved version of " L'Oacte Baptiste, under the title of " Code Zachary."justly reprehended by the press and in private circles.With a few honorable exceptions, the American stage, asa body, is sadly wanting to dignity and self respect. IT through the inadvertence of the agent who WM entrustedLADIKS AND G n r u M M - M y first season within theseThe Emperor Napoleon hM presented a splendid diamond brooch to Mme. Ferraris, as a enark of hat mthe republic.www.fultonhistory.com 