 iII> ! i;. •asI-•tion insulting to. the people of Concord for theirthe probability that the negro emigrants would neverT i e City Inspector sent in tbe name of John Wilsonfor Health Warden of the Twenty-second Ward. danger from the upset stove, but tbe promptness o|{>.*THE STATE TAX KOR 1800.—-Tae State tax the scribe it in his own words. New-York. Notice was officially given that the com- and that we shall not be the victim of coutinual vsa.nt ^bile there beats a heart that.honors noble deeds first floor of the new iwing; the rats get in by tue steam and prenerjt }ear, says, a correspondent of Tiie Albany. Thebusm* • the third we* A statement ia:: • - * Third w^eln•.**•? - .This demonstration I, however, dec'ined, danger en this score. Slave-catching in- Massa- y *ii>h'w(S to conceal my arsillery. One of theinvestigation, and elicit all the facta concerning the ascribed to tile irresponsible; high-handed, and defiant Mr. Charles C. Perkins and family; Mrs. Mary Jones unfortunate ali'air.Mr. NICHOLSON asked if the President had taken eteps to prevent a repetition of ihe catastrophe.Mr. DRAPER replied that he had writton'a letter toiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069gmmMmmmmamammmmmMximm**•'Ifeo xrver, some eight or ten feet, apparently above thedm***? % kigit'st floods; This table-land stretches off to moun- the 120,000 dJad men it relies upon so confidently,si the #*W7, was a pavilion of dark-oloe clots, iar- shall be the third party io the C W ;ommonwealth.I bad originally debated in my mind the slave-trade proposition as atlbrding the only means to rescue the»• nmed wus wasted. was a grand wedding up the Whole.It were no real t "**"**» *•«* *"» or>*v wbat wu«>' A;mj. SmUm»tth m WATJ.*.St1874I K * But* i-»N:T.C«otr Si* i * . l H . Y .C«ratri **> Hodson E. I ^BwfcmBRMMJsk.8*-*i/rmUiJCmaeculV* 3LfcSt.Jos* / i JA sow Bod,JOBv ••»«•*••••• JM*& ' d a . . . . " --'•**•will notice tbat I advocated tbe reopening of the tra-ie forestalled this intention by killing O'Neil. He fled •icitn ••»c«j April lwt, and bad never known a oase of conrifj-vA carious cave has recently been discovered in a limestone quarry in Scotland; the entrance was laid open by tL* quarry men, who had cut away the ro:k, It is' of lar^e size, though it has been explored only for a distance of 40 or 50 yards; tbe sides and roof art* thickly covered witb stalactites, which have assumed a variety of fantastic shapes, some remarkable for•gotobei r»<»*»i»»b*>r.January... »*n.ju>.Much...To«« Ir.cx1.15*Troy, N. Y. The husband had creditors whom it was she had lived with them eight years and they hud great conii- dtnee in her, but were surprUed at her condition..Albany.. Allephsny.. Bro. in*.... Cattaraugus Cayuga Chautauqua Chen,ui>g... Chenango.. Clinton..... Columbia... Cortland Delaware DutchessFssex$147,136 18 Oneida 31,136 <Z Onondaga 27.820 23 Ontario 27,13(3 23 0<an*e 7V6S 67 Orlean 64,g&2 M Oswego 26,6<2 07 Ots«*go 41,297 03 Putnam 23240 M'Queens &4,954 80 llenstelaer 2l|<>87 01 Klcbmond. 32,192 1& Rockland 109,037 93 &srsXot;a 176,4 0 12 Scbeneotsdv16,660 34 Pchujler 16.7<i4 72 Schonsxlo 16,622 87 tK-ueoa49,240148t.Lawronco 27,0>M) 90 Steuoen$62,40-< 1J ,' 99,136 IS 6V04 80 96,3$$ 99 3C,0tf8 64 6S,«m 01 45 239 3S JS.265 74, 76 061 OS 100,043 W 27,83S 9*22.009 H 44,607 8< 21,353 9t24,(hy 0939.953 9215,900 5<55.S53 U60,bM 45"*''•to sustain the Abolition party in the North. I would Aiitmb; Mrs. Bodenheimer and daughter of New- 9aroad and rapid current, tbe whole front o: the city. necticut; but, with 20,000 to 50,000 Republican remove theee grounds; I would secure and enforce the Yoikj Mr» and Mrs. Conant.8MY0TA«B©OWNTBJRAMOOR:WITRALAN©JOTJ*-cHmpsoofr<theoutsidebarbarians;"butpolice.omratpresentsIfthenationalelectionshouldgotectionforheragainsttheinsolentadvancesofNorth-sftemoon,Mr.CORNELL,onmotionofMr.BOOLK,took&naccidenthalfamilesouthofWilliam'sBridge,from JOnr THROUGH 81BKRJA. By PTI1I*T MoDoiiocoa cerV with sticks m hand, kept them back and within a against them, the two parties, would be merged to- ern intervention. They would suppress negro lyoch- the chair. which the escape of the passengers, without loss ofI • ;. ... * <to say) a respectable body of voters.The 19th ef April was celebrated at Lexington bywholly barren of benefit to the slave 7But I am wandering into a discussionthat I intended••......V ?**to*-- ••• -•yiae, aad larch. On the right bank* a mountain raised about a foot from the ground. Upon a platform Horrible" parades which are so common to our barously recommending the slave-trade are unjust, andJosest extends for the distance of two miles, while in front of him was a small table, covered with cloth; towns. I am informed that one of the inhabitants, to protest to you that there is no accusation in the world that I can be more anxious to acquit myself of OR the left a strip of bottom-land reaches along, behind him, ranged along the back Ofthe tent; was a row supposed to be aCustom-Houseofficer,was so inde- than that of inhumanity. And here another werd ofof various petty officers and servants, standing. Upon cent as to get up an effigy representing Miss San- explanation that occurs: In my book, " Black Dia- wit* gently sloping hills in the background. To the his right and opposite to us, were seated, upon born of Concord, who so nobly and gallantly gave monds," I do not advocate the slave-trade, exactlyMr. BOOLX presented a resolution appropriating $5,000 for the benefit of the " Institute for the Blind.* Referred to Committee on Finance.:Tbe Committee on tbe Fire Department reported a resolution appropriating$15,000 to purchase the patent right for this city of the fire-ercape ladder.apparatus owned by Micile & CarvUle. Unanimously adopted, and sent to the otber Board for concurreuce.« 1K*i£ 4X0*4• • • •,Bor. ,jf\,aA'J,«0Kiitwrl St i %DeLfcHad.c &#Efr %.Ce* 1K9Q»Zri«U.K '•MS* ' 'd«.........60 Bad. Mr. £LJ V«BesdtDgfi.K..'+m dodo.... ...Tx>« Stock tnii rstrvity, and i rs offered tin . icusto msLit shed resisting - * foreign at\ iddn mon«y: •Aate Of tbi he morning rise* being bi • ond Beard, ia i feeling, a i 7vered a poxu< of them. The! tion for the pre* Cintxaljaas be«iotdupto ?9i, a!3o firm. tc although tha Wietero ' ehai aiicy at the 1 traffic of the thi the firmest stool 1Caalioin des op siting salta « better, selling axaornisg. Erii Toledo had a advance of 1 A market the bus ajjy were we Second Board market was t-tiiency. The li 93{; Missouri 3Bacific Mail < tnd Baiboad, Hudson Biver,Pr«£,37i^:J7 47^-948^; Mic l2,«12i; Mi Guaranteed, Central, ol^ai plevelandfc.nc 3Ulacd,64{fe6-? There is not auk 109}for Sct Freight* to « t 9-3*d.; 9,0t bush. Com atboxtn Tobacco at a.. 3d.; 5 three-quart' r 300tuns to UtThebusine* Seesipte, $14 | meet*, $HC,<x Annexed it4m& Chicago April 22:•f-.'»The party, with which Mr. Collins was era-pressed to drink. Behind us were squatted several.-•search, giving them full opportunity to satiafy their •nspiciocs or curiosity. They, were very polite, and cmiied and bowed and shook hands with ua, and made themselves quite agreeable.We rowed along very near the shore, with theto advertise that the young man m^y keep the wife morniDg, when she said tbat her child was born: he inqjlrod Hamilton how long, and she replied some hours; be examined it, ondt'oand Herkimer1,772 211 Sufl'olk..37,472 31 Sutlivan. 59,200 88 Tio^a41,235 ii<*••••• P15,506 2* 20,77* 74 2S.093 59 56,097 ©*9,853 10 52,«>9 IS 60,722 99174,328 77 81.3M 90 . 28,901 t*$5,311,090 6*;cure tbe &Uv« from violence and wrong 7 These are com» on concerns of humanity. Tne South cannot ob- ject to their entertainment by humanitarian societies of her own people. Will you enter into this benefi- cent, lawful, practicable reform ? or will you prefer for political ends to agitate the subject of Slavery with the lmpostured sympathy of Abolitionists, and in a way•".•;sXILiill MDAitt^ TRIBCm FRIDAY, APRIL 27, tS80.looks as if The Courier folks would maintain their ! reonre snd to promote humanity to the slaves. Be- r; ; #«#* *>3u «^ ia- A a- •*.-<*»-••; * re'rjgfTP PUBLICATIONS.<5 -is?rj1i •':-..y-> .•J. 1— ~s>- - .SIBERIA ACT THE AHOOR;jchvsg the tent?be crowd was very denw, and swayed at Charleston, tbe Demdcratic party proper will bo flection. Such great hnmanitariau societies as I referto aalfto. pressing, with inpatient « £ & M » * ^ reduced to still smaller dimensions than it exhibits to, organized in the Sontii, Would afford the best pro-.BOARD OP ALDERMEN.Tbe MiUerton train, conductor Banit, which l«ftaaksion, they would be likely to lose their heads. Some allusion to the higher authority, however, on the part of the Russian captain, soon quieted the old man down, he pulled off his skull cap, and made a. profound obeisance, while tbe rest of the party sat chattering and mntteriog by themselves.The arrival of the expedition at lgoon was one of the great events of tbe voyage. This took placeMountains to the head waters of the Amoor, thus opening the vast regions of Siberia to the oommerce of the werld.Kn&w-Notbingi^m is put up by the Republicans.Mr. Seward's position against that element seemsto me his very strongest point. A policy of concilia- one a curious idea of the Yankee integrity prevalent c^me in, arc put Into tbe Waiting Ward; Mary Connor was sentFreight I>ass**Ofer> Malls, k c•«j.-- .-"^ •••'•-»-•& a& fcv? «JUfVQ *W& •,s**«r-JII 3 i i l ^ i i K, ' ' - " ' • •' , . •; >'->-; --j*mACCIDENT.•n the 12th of June. We will let the author de- mander-in-Chief on the very day of his return fromAs we approached the city, a boat from a watch gta- missions of Cols. Parker, Smith, and Clapp had beenweie 40 rats caught in a bathing tub last night; all attempts here-p.'.«^*w»s,.. ^•*d«^*owyKi.M/<k«Vs*««*^^nMvi'v **W-*M>-,•<<*?-.',»,»*•**»,» •**,•!•'••ousted by a flag. On both.sidesef tta w g o a wereerewds of peopFe--*HH0, women, ^ W J J ' L J SMEETINGS.HARLEM RAILROADn^tS&orwiJhtheDillon, except some few suaf gether, for'the eight orten hundred Custom-House gtea^wS^Ld been Sowed to » ^ ^ £ « ^ { £ places and Post-Offices are now the sole main-fnd approach our line of march from our boat to theJr^xn-Ncvgorod, Ekaterinburg, Irkootsk, and other eft&eritn localities, gaining his first view of the Srfy open. Here we paused a few moments WhUe and the fag end of the Fillmore party of 185b,the crowd of official! and servants within seemed to be which is now known to have been kept in pay by AJOOOT, June 4,1857, about 15,000 miles from his agitated by some unfinished act of preparation. Soan tbe Buchenanite8 of that year. But, with the ai4«ri*>al starting point. The river i« formed.by the eveTvtniDK was calm and all stationary within, when of the defeated Democracy and disaffected Repub- a till) aged, and fine-looking man came forward, jast licans, they might muster a large, and (I was goingjwwtionof theArgoonand 8coilkah, t«ro thousand as we entered the threshold, shaking his own clasped aafies from the ocean, and three miles from the bands at us, after which he gave us his left hand to point of union is 450 yards wide, and deep enough *bake, and seated us upon benches on the left. Thistte Sassian navy, and commissioned by the Imperial tain Amosofl'sEusso-Mongol-Burat interpreter. The controversy, they could show, as they have before South as (pardon me) of jour own. On tuia'subject. IOn motion of Mr. BOOLE, the resolution appropriat- baekets, but none of them were hurt. There was onjing-$30,000 to defray the expenses of receiving the bright Utile boy in the baggage car, whose friends) for. expected Japanese Embassy was taken from the table. a mement were very anxious about hii safety, and in-F%OMfrom Our Own Correspondent.BOSTON.tion and compromise with it did us no good in 1856, and would be fatal now. McLean, it seems to me, will not do, unless some one has thoroughly searched hie history, and has ascertained that during the 20 or 30 years he has been talked of for President, ho hnJ3written no foolish or fogyish letters which will ruin him. It is certainly an advantage to Mr. Seward that all he has said or written is in print,there. It appears that a " poor but honest" man wasoffered $15 for his vote, at the recent election, but thebribe was spurned. No sooner did this strange seif-To4sJ.... .Thecetxiieilor the thirdBOSTON, April 25,1860.The military sedition was quelled by the Com-denial come to the knowledge of the man's friends thanthey "sent him a barrel of flour, 100 pounds of meal, a and cold; the note and toes of tbe child were mutilated, un- and 1 was kept below. My fsrhsr. acoompAuled by a foreign<'.S.JFrelgM....Kail*.... .Touu.. lliOTlrevoked, and in a day or two after Messrs. Newell A. Thompson of Boston, Horace Binney Sargent of Dorchester, and E. B. Stoddard of Worcester, were appointed to the vacant places. Col. Beed,tofoie to deatioj'them have failed, except one of poisoning,aiold position, though, if Douglas is not nominatedlieve me, this is no slight and' passing thought; it ismatuied; it is practicable; ifcompMses volumes of re-< ' " .. . -• > ' " ' ' •••ssssssssssss^asms,%mOowjank ISaiMv pp.3<*>. D.Ap(>kitot»*.Co.TJ»« author of this volume was appointed eom- vaeartial agent of the United States for the Amoorof April of that year, proceeded to Moscow, crowd** and jostling tc>get as near as possible to the der the control of the Republicans. The constitutional scope? Are you willmg to give up the vagaries of Sf#mVapproach!^frontofthetentwasen-Unionpartyconsistsotafewsleep-walkingWhigsemancipationtosecurehomesocietiesorganizedtose-firesthathaveoccurredineachdistrictfor•thelasttenance of the Democracy. Many a village sus- ^u.'SSSSf SdSSSSd, we proceeded up the tainsaDemocraticpartyoffiftyorahundred,which m J856, and sailing from New-Y ork in the b a S T b y T S K t s the iront of the pavilion, the people would utterly die out if the post-offices should fall un-they would give notorious assurances of humanity to tbe negro; and they would restore peace to the country. Are yon, Sir, willing to engage in a reform of tni«to report at their earliest convenience, the number of the accident happened upon the v*ry spo^ whsrs severalmen were slaughtered a few years since, from the s5anj» cause.As tbe train cawe round the rocky point?<ma shortcurve, tbe engineer discovered a couple of heifers cloa»by the track, and before he coald check the speed onsof them jumped upon tbe the track directly ia front dt HP« the engine. Instantly tbe alarm was blown, and brake* applied, but too late to save tho train; the engioe, aft^ dragging the animal some ro^s, passed over its 'bodyiit Beems to me that the North-West will be lost toof the House of Lords of that name, and the Baronesssurpriees, if he is nominated.among his townsmen." Such demonstrative admira- water pipes add have been there in ure«t number, and no efforthas been made to get rid of them for two or three years; there Argvt, )n the largeet ever known. Prom a carefulcompilation of the value of property, as reportcl by State Assessors, in Assembly document No. 11 of 1860, the following are the amouats to be paid in by each county to fatiefy tbe 3J mill 8'ate tax:board of our boat, which invitation thej accepted; and. •eating th«m on the sides of our bunks, enterta'neu them with vodka, tea, preserves, and biscait. They had their own little brass or copper pipes, which theyef men we had and our arms, if any. They looked ateverything, poked about our baggage and provisions,examined our guns, and talked incessantly. They al- the happening of the complimentary dinner. Col. elaves with a pleasantry that I do not think fitting to trying to obtain possession of the trunks, the man waa Mary replied that she would be bettor in the morning, and would Erie.......The third S Jfcoad gives ilast year. The returi^.•jrilisasrc Third w«ThirdIns The gainp<riodofUs5l Xheeamm|£oadtheFromPs from i'iToU liThemovei rider the K«-» as follov.»:the senior- member of the staff.Warsaw. Col. Clapp, who is one of the editors ofeider them) of Southern society.the condition of the slaves of the South, in especial op- Their great anxiety appeared to be as to the number the subject, from which I infer that the Governor pOeition to Mr. Helper's misrepresentations (as I con-filled and smoked at every spare moment.The Evening Gazette, publishes a long article onand the staff were not on very friendly terms beforeAlthough you treat my pictures of the South and itsleft the baggage, too, and so far all was well; ! ut, onMary Duracy testified that she was at the Hospital, and saw Mary Connor, and told her that sbe had belter set the doctor;ready knew that we were not traders, because, by this C. intimates that he and his associates intended totime, our arrival at tbe Russian poet, and our affair retire at the close of the year. And this fact, if it you a few words eeriously, begging you to listen to me withtheguard-boatatSak-hab-lin,hadbeencomcuu-aicated along the line. We made no objections to their is a fact, with other circumstances attecding the in the interest of humanity.met with the objection that they did not belong to him.So the poisoned chalice intended for his creditors re-turnedto"bisownlips. Thedesertedhusbandproposesnot need his-attendance before that time.Margaret Hajk-n testified that sbe slept in t'ne next bed ; heardSo order reigns indinrer, tends to show that the aids were not the You make a short allusion to my advocacy of thenotices of my book, "Black Diamonds/' in which Ithe diBcueeion, I trust you will allow me to addressFrarklin tt'eiVoman Connor complain of feeling poorly, but did not near Kultou•uJagee were platforms, built for fishing, where nets mercy toward, 'my fellow-creatures to plead for me in and a dark room as the place. These terms were re- and have nt K* •./ledge of tbe animal that hud b«;en In oontaot were suspended. Juet at the upper side of Igor n our CoL Clapp remarks that they sustained no such re- with the chJO ; my impression is that it wa» do'ie by rat*: 1 my own great need at the day of forgiveness. fused, and then O'Neil announced his intention of think a cat could not bare done it; I asked her about her childboat grounded. By this time a second guard-boat, lation, the Governor not being in the habit of ask- . It was certainly in no spirit of barnarous and selfish shooting Iiooker as soon as he saw him; but the latter and the death of it, snd she said it did not make auy differeuce with another installment of officers, had come on ing their advice except on military matters. It has grtod tbat I treated the subject of the slave-trade- You to her whether it was dead or alive;" be had been house pby-'«tulboard. TUe boatmen of tbe guard-boats shoved us oif, and we were eoon at the place of landing, in front of the city.appearance; my nun being plain, not even no much as General Stone. "We cannot, of course, know until c&nee, than in liveried loyalty to serve the greatestment without notice being giveu to the doctors; the ward is called the waiting ward, and no nurses are ktpt there; all the In- ternal organs of the child were heuthy,One of the officers from the second boat, a very po-fik, good-featured, pleasant person, took great intere&tin our clottuuu as we began to dreis to go on uhore. alter his decease. If so, ho is fully excusable. Captain Fulyhelm was dressed in full uniform, wkb I do hot understand that any other serious conse- sword and gold epaulets, aad made a very stylisha metal button to set me off, seemed to give sad dis-appointment to the Tartars, as they were evidentlythe Fall trainings, whether this event has destroyed or impaired the efficiency of our militia, unless, in-power on earth.• "thirty years:weak that I fell asleep, or fainted , cannot tell wbioh j w h e n ! awoke, 1 felt something under me in the bed; 1 stirred AU<1 turned over, but was BO weak that I could not call the womi'ithe entrance, ono projects from tho side Iu the form oaf i< hmsJl human bkuli, another bears an exact sem- blance to a horee'u jaw-boue, while a little further on one is struck by the appearance of a complete set ol organ pipes. In other places, the Bides and roof look as if .they had been oarvod by some sculptor of re- markable skill but erratic genius, and a« the visitor proceeds Uiis changes, and on looking up the phw* re* Hunblos an aiohed passage ri ihly huog with drnpery. Tho cave appears t<>be uniform in breadth, being u» more than tliree or four feet wide all through, buv irregular in night.».•MissWHEELERAHVE.—Wescarcelyknowwh«th«^ our readers *-lll be more pained or relieved to heartaa* Miss Kmily Wheeler, the daughter of Gen. Wbsel«r ol Cawnpore, is still ul.ve. Capt. Harvey, Superbatena- ent ot the Departmen; for the abolition of Thaggsflj has bad communication -riththe unfortunate y « W lady,who,weunderstand,issoutterlybrokenintplrtt that she entreats her friends not to seek to bring aox b»ok agft'n, but to leave her to her wretohsd f*vt«. £«« it were bettor surely for the poor girl herself t***^** request nbould uvt be com»lie4 with. Time may^ W r we walked the nlaak laid fyi Z\,y oi/cos' sacks,andwere soonin/rout of theKancnoO dty^fthe prevailing panic about-the cattle distemper, it wit! be incurnbeut upon the authorities to provide other amusements, it'possible. There might be some fun lit politics if we were blessed with an close a condition of vnrtiea as they have in Coa-I have felt#bat there is a mieHion of humanity to be Jlash and family; Mrs. Brown, Mr. J. B Brown, and performed toward Slaverv in-the Sonih. Bat, Sir, Mis*IJrowc,ofBaltimore; Mr.EvansofBoston(re«i-The action of tbe President was approved.Mr. DRAPER stated that he had received numerous communications from various persons, proposing to free the institution from rats.BeferredtotheCommitteeoftheWhole.On motion, the regular meeting-d»y of the Board was lixed for Thursday, at 'lj p. m.A letter was received train the 8tore-Keeper on Randall's Island, stating that a new ice-house was re- quired, and that probably ono-third of the ioe oau-Referred to Committee of theJo°^ien! *CUri0m *pocta<:l<''»**0U«tt<****Mj igoonw built upon the right biuk of the Amoortbismifc-Menisnot.Abolition. 1believethattheex-ceptional, Inhuman' incident!?, or occasional barb.tritiesof Southern Slavery afford the only popular groundsdenUoritarlyJOyears);Mrs.Hatchanddaughter; Mr, Wilson; Mrs. Derby fmd *on; Mr. Edward Liv- ngfcton; Mr. Jjerpuson; Mr. and Mrs. Hanno; Missbeen suTniiaed that this coldness and distance on hispart may have been owing to bis desire not to bein the interefcts of the poor white men of the .South, who ore now oppreBfled by the monopoly of slavehold-afterward, but Boon returned, submitted to an easy trial, and received a sure'acquittal...made the victim of a volume of " reminiscences" ers. With thete poor white men I have all my sym-«*•'sMtiJiiia*twelve months, and the total number of men compos- ingtbe Pire Department of the city.The Committee on Arts and Sciences reported in favor of concurring with the Councilmen, in a resolu- tion to publish, in book form, the proceedings of the Atlantic Telegraph Celebration. Laid over under the / rule.be occupied a sort of high-backed chair, or tribunal, and bad one of those discreditable "Antique and deliberately, that the reproaches cast upon me for bar- have been made since the 1st of January last.A communication w a s received from the City Iu- fpector, in reply to the resolution of inqury passed at t o float a vessel of 500 tuns burden. The country figured silk robes, with the cap and peacock feather, the Monument Association lately formed there, and to reserve for a book.' ;I am writiiw? quickly and in con- the preceding session of the Board, stating that UA bordering upon the river is well-wooded with birch, surmounted with a crystal ball. After we were seated, by the loafers of the town,-who met in the morning, fusion. Before concluding, however, let me say again, transfers of stands in tbe several markets of this citywithout leaving the track, but the tender was throw* olTand the baggage car followed, but fortunately stack when about half way over, leaving the pa««eng«r camsafe upon the track. It was a most fortunate SWUM —the embankment where the animal was first ttraeit Jfl being high enough to have rolled toe whole train ov«and over in its descent, if ttjc cars bad once left the track, The alarm and application of the brakes wasso prompt that it saved the train, and undoubtedly the Ures of many pasrengcrs. The tender and baggage car wert somewhat smashed, and for a moment there w u somsiH V**"*? **"'Jko»t> the river sparkles in the sun, rejoicing in the ^ieturosque scenery which it passes through. Flow- sag geatly along for several maes, it makes a grace- fml sweep to the right, and is lost behiud a project-benches, similar to those we occupied, along the side of ihe tent, the higher dignitaries of hisjgovernment, while tbe front and flanks were swarn«fij with com- mon mandarins. 'the alarm, and did other service, when the attemptwas made to kidnap her brother, with an inscrip- boxers for terms' of years, so as to avoid the law, onwas the Governor of lgoon. He was dressed in rich-Mr*" o * » • *• • •return to Africa, but would accept inducements to live A small table was now brought" and set before U9, this was intended to assure Senator Hammond of in bondage. This platform On the trade is peculiar andshare in rescuing their fellow-townsmen. I supposeupon which servants placed small dishes of dried fruitsjsg mountain. The bottom land is somewhat ex- and comfituree, followed by tea in China cups. We South Carolina, who has contributed $50 to thet*«ftive, and the soil good. were warmly pressed to eat and drink. Small cups of monument fund, that his confidence is not misplaced, tamckoo, or rice wine, were brought, which we were and that the Lexington people are Bouad on thewho were noting <Jown the conversation through Cap- ple of Concord were disposed to revive an ancient in the face of some of the distempered opinions of thevessel, in which they were to make the passage, was swered in Kusaian; then reduced to Mongol by the " battle," that not a gun was fired by the Americans conscious truth gives to <he heart to do and to dare, quiring the Committee expending tbe appropriation to I'm all right—but I've lost toy cap. I believe the oldgreat question of Slavery in 1860, however heretical provoke harsh comments. I have not wntten them to 'Wrked, consisted of Captaia Fulyhelm, an officer m ecjibes, with strips of paper and writing materials, their ancestors may have been in 1775. If the peo- induce a controversy. They are perhaps as muchGovernment to explore the Amoor, his servant, and questions were put in Mongol to the interpreter, by I put mj eelf in the face sf friend and foe—not with de-shown, by the affidavits of the Lexington people fiance, not with taunts, not with insult, but, I tru*t, in tbe place of $30,000. Lost. quired as he cr*pt out of the deb-is: Oh, Eddie, amMr. D-ARBAGH moved to amend by inserting $16,000 ua arew of five Cossacks, m&king eight in all. The him rendered in Kussian to Captain Fulyhelm, who an- themselves, taken immediately after the so-called with a better courage—the courage which the flush of Mr. STARR moved to amend by adding a clause re- you hurt 1" How cheerfully he answered: "Oh,^*,'Manchoo interpreter, and by him in Chinese to the in return of the British fire, and that the first resist- more tban the shout of the captains and the stamp of a small fiat-bottomed boat or barge, about thirty Governor, and written down by the scribes. ance to the invaders was made at Concord bridge. the battle. Respectfully, EDWD. A. POLLARD.render a detailed and full account of their payment. Thus amended, the resolution passed by a vote of 13ro 1.The 7th Regiment resolution w t s then taken fromthe table, on motion of Mr. BOOLE, and adopted by a vote of 13 to 1. Adjourned.. i—*•BOARD OP COUNCILMEN.There was a small attendance at the meeting of the Board on Thursday afternoon. Mr. Josza occupiedthe chair.The City Inspector was directed -not to lease anymore market stands until directed to do so by the Com- mon Conned.A resolution to appropriate $3,625 05 to pay for the say it is bad, and that our Senator's allusion to McComb, theeompanion of Lawrenoe, with whom she iron pavement in front of the Post-OfBce, called forthRhadamanthus, in connection with Mason, was eloped. It is believed that McComb first murdered considerable debate.stant variety of novel and exciting scenes. Soon A brief summary will put our readers in posses-after its commencement, the natives made their ap- sion of the results of the exploration. On the up- supposed. Assuming this to be correct, the result murdered the young woman to rid himself of the only on the ground that the parties who laid the pavement pearance on both Bides of the river, sometimes with per or western section of the Amoor, including shows how foolish it would have been to .waste good witness of his crime. The ground for this opinion is agreed to do it at their own expense.ttove went right over me."W e sat looking out of the forward end of the for-ward patsenger car, when the accident occurred, a&4 had occasion to admire the coolness of the oondaotor, who sprang to a brake and stood to it until it waa, wrecked under his feet, and the platform tilted to an mgle of 45 degrees. ' jThere was a commendable promptness on the part of the brakemen, who sprang for their danger-signal lligtj the moment the train stropped, for there was a New- Haven train just behind us.The engine ran up to the station, and sent down mett and tools on a band car,,and, with an boar's delay, tho wreck was cleared, and the track repaired, so tha4 trains could pass by shoving our cars ahead up to a switch, where part of the passengers took the Whitej Plains train, and others, after a few minutes' delay, went ahead in tho same cars with an engine telegraphed! up from the cfty, so that all got home to a late sapper, instead of going to a, very cold bed by tbe roadside.f Now, one word as to the cause of this accident, as well as of many others. It comes naturally as one of the fruits of tnat shameful practice, ia « thickly-settled country like Westchester County, of turning cattle out upon the public roads, from which thf-y come upon the railways, to the, great danger of tbe lives of thousands of passengers who must travel over them, and to the destruction of more property annually than all the prowling brutes are) worth, to say nothing of the- immense cost of fencing; Turning catt e upon the highways to steal a living is, and should be by law made a crime. It is full timt that we had new legislation to abate this intolerable) I- cattle nuisance. Railroads, instead ot being compelled to pay for killed animals, should be paid for all dam- age by their owners.THE HORRORS OF THK COOLIK TRAFFIC— Official documents are published giving us some dreadful reve» latione respecting the kidnapping of coolies in China, On tbe 12th of January tbe allied Commander-ia-Chief addresses a letter upon the subject to the consular bodyat Canton^ inclosing the depositions of 103 men, lately taken from four coolie receiving-ships at Whampoa,- vi*/.: the American chips Messenger, Pioneer, G-ov. Hon ton, and the Oldenburg bark Fanny Kirchner. The^U W Commanders state tbat the coolies bad be*n kidnapped, and then forced by a system of torture into a nomimf consetto an eigbt years' engagement in Cuba, Tha depositions are almost precisely similar to tho one voquote bf low:" TAKE* VKOX AV /MKRICAX SHIP.—Fliue A-reunt, a Tarutf,states: About twenty day* ago 1 w»« selling silt In the western subuib. Two m* n aocosU-d me, •»<! said the/ could sell mo some better goods than mine, and at a very cheap rate. TklsJ silk was on board a junk In the rtrer. 1 went on board with them, and was seized, and taken i-j a foreign vessel at Chung Chow, on board which ship 1 was asked if 1 was willing to * mi- srule. 1 refused, and was tsken back to the Chinese boat, wa4 cruel y benten with a tnick boaro, r«'c»i»i«g a hundred blows on all puts of my booy, ar»d told th*t if I did not »MT I was willing the next time the foreiirrer asked, I should be killed, ruid my body thrown into tho liver. I consented then, being afrnid. and was taken to the foreign vessel again. Seme time after this a folic!*n f,avU.eia%xx came on board, and asked sue some question*. J rzplaiued wh<" I was, and that I eonld not be a coolie. Afterthis 1 was sent down below, and a foreigner, of what coantry I am Dot aware, struck me with nis fist for having refased. I (tw- it wiu DO use resisting saij longer. My clothes were changed,Jeet long, and seven feet wide, and three feet deep. Twenty feet of the center was housed ia and divided iato two compartment*, one of seven feet for sleeping,aad the other for stores and luggage. The sleeping *partment had a bonk, two feet wide, on each side. The center was cpen to admit free passage fore andThe boat voyage terminated at Nikolaivsky, a But this would be an ungracious taBk. The mem- I Washington, D. C., April, 1860.aft There were two oars, a mast forward of the American vessels, and were received with greatsab'm, a small square sail, a flag at the stern with a hospitality by the Russian officers and residents, as—It is now the settled opinion at Eockford and Ot« tumwa that Miss Harvey, who eloped from the formeraseervrog a present of tobacco or whisky. Theytom lands first on one Bide and then on the other,Russian post, situated about 30 miles above the en- trance of the Amoor into the Straits of Tartary, and the eeat of Government for the eastern ooabt of Si- beria. Tbe party arrived at that place on the 10th of July. Here they found an unexpected number ofory of the Lexington martyrs will be ever dear to the people, and it may be that those who escaped the British fire, and ran away, fought well after the example of resistance had been set at Concord. If the LexiDgton doughfaces expect to get money for their monument by pandering to the Pro-Slavery epirit of the people, I trust they will be alUowed to look to that class alone for.aid.PERSONAL.—A late English paper says that " Heenan was born^JThere is some controversy here as to Senatorcar, and two spare oars. mained at Nikolaivsky about a month, when he Virginia. Some of the Courier's correspondents place and was murdered at the latter, was killed bybhse cro#s on white ground, sundry poles, a steering well as their own countrymen. The writer re- Sumner's Latin, in his controversy with Mason ofThe voyage down the Amoor presented a con- sailed in a Boston vessel forvJapan and Honolulu.Latin on such a boor as Mason.Everybody is waiting with interest and patience for the result of the great prize fights in England and were evidently of the Mongol race, showiDg their covered with excellent grass, and well, but not Charleston, S. C. The Republicans feel more in- origin by their features and complexion. Many heavily, timbered with white and black birch, pitch terest in the Charleston nomination than the Demo-Mr. S H A W said the parties had been waiting five the finding of bloody hair arid pieces of clothing near years for their pay for doing this work. It was theakia and caviar which they wished to sell, and al- about one-third of its whole length, the country isways curious to see the atrange visitors, and fond offor the most part mountainous, having fertile bot-crats, for they cannot make up their minds wbat it native camps were seen along the shores, where the pine, fir, and larch, inferior oak and linden. The is best to do at Chicago until they learn what is the Tartars were engaged in fishing. The process southern division, comprising also about one-third result of the Democratic Convention. Mr. Seward has been damaged by the proceedings of the New- York Legislature, but I have no doubt he has still a majority of the delegation, provided it can be made tolerably clear that he can be chosen. One or two delegates personally prefer Gov. Chase, but in the cross of which a man takes his seat to fish. of a southern region. The soil is generally goodj will vote for Mr. Seward in obedience to what they the timber is light, the forests consisting principally understand to be the prevailing sentiment of their oft birch, oah, ask, maple, cork, and elm, though constituents. Several others, among whom I maywas not a little remarkable. Three poles, of eight to ten feet in length, are placed in the water on a shoal, or near the shore of a bar, spread at the bot- tom, as if for a tent, and tied together at the top,of the whole distance, has immense prairies on the banks, with abundance of wood on the mountains. Here the Amoor has made an immense sweep to the south, and the climate has much of the softnessHsre they sit, perched along the shores, as if they sad been left there during a flood and were waiting fwr the means to get off. The hook is dropped, the anwary sturgeon passes along the shoal in search of fsod, ©r he suddenly finds a spear in his back.cedar, pine, and larch are plentiful OTI the distant mountaias. Innumerable flowers of rich and varied- hue, grape-vine, pea, clover, and grass, rich and luxuriant, attest its fitness for the abode of civilizedmention Mr. Andrew and Mr. Timothy Davis, are strong personal friends of Mr. Fessenden, and would be glad if something might turn up for him; and several of the best members of. the delegation would be satisfied with Judge Read' of Pennsylva- nia. The Anti-Slavery battle which haa beenDuring the second week of the voyage, near theSassian post of Zakhsky, a Manchoo boat, with of- man. The remainder .of the distance, forming the fought in the Legislature and the Courts of this#sers came alongwde from a town and military station on the right shore. The captain of the party, who was an old man, stood in the boat, with anocratic feeling. This was made strikingly mani- —Queen Victoria has buiit in St. George's Chapel, northern bank is an even or gently rolling country, fest at the Jefferson dinner last year, whieh was at- Windsor, a beautiful monument to the Duchess ofcovered on the south with dense forests, while thetended by leading Republicans from all parts of the State. Judge Read's Democratic an- tecedents and character inspire in this class of poli- ticians confidence that, while he would strictly obey the requirements of the Constitution, he wouldnot control them to go against Mr. SewSfcrd, who istheir first choice; but in case he cannot be chosen, —Tbe Qazttie de Nice announces the marriage atJiTot relishing the intrusion of the Tartar*, one of / The number of native inhabitants on the Lower in the Bates movement or the McLean movement, Britioh Charge d'affaires at Cop<mhagan, with Signor a them seized a heavy polet and made a rigorous use f Amoor in estimated by the author at about 7,000; though Gen. Wilson, who has returned, home, P. Delia Valle, Marquis of Cassanova, brother to theumbrella over him, while two others sat in the cen- with varied climate and productions.ter. Ons of them had a kind of oil-cloth mantle The various tribes inhabiting the valley of theGloucester. It is of marble and ornamented with groups of figures illustrative of acts of charity and piety.- It bears tbe following i ascription:a This tomb has been erected by Queen Victoria, as a tribute of respect and affection to her beloved aunt, Mary, Duchess cf Gloucester, Anno Domini, 1859."ever his head and shoulders, made of a black mate- Amoor, and the adjacent coasts and islands of therial and lmed with red silk. After hailing the boat, sea, are addicted to idolatry; polygamy, slavery, not go one inch beyond them. This feeling doesaDd the purchase of wives are established domestic afcey same alongside, and two of their oarsmen laid institutions; all labor is performed by the women,with orders tc stop, to which no attention was paid,they will be likely to prefer Judge Read to any manheld oftbeoarn in the hands of the Ci>s*ack sailors. while their savage lore only hunt, fish, and trade. of the Federal school. There is no. strength here Browne, daughter of Mr. Peter Browne, formerlyof it on the heads and shoulders of the interlopers. I the population increases as you approach the mouth ;thinks them available men. ' McLean, however, present Duke of Ventignano. Tbe Queen of Den-T>*y retreated precipitately into their own crafc, orarte the water, while the officers kept np a terrific left. The sum total of the conclusions arrived atmark honored the ceremony with her presence. The more movement of 1856. If Douglas is nominated, Misses Brougham, nieces of the well known meubsrand the right shore is more densely settled than thevolley of words from their boat. The chief made by Mr, Collins, is the practicability and importancefigns, that if the p»r*y proceeded without his per- of a railroad from Europe across the Ural and Altai the Republicans, unlees some open opponent of of Holstein.would be preferred to Bates, though an older man.He is not so unfortunately identified with the Fill- bridesmaids were two sisters of the bride, the threespeaking. I advocate the importatiou of African la-coneervative, and one which the Democratic party of tbe South is likely ultimately to adopt.I have written jou some plain thoughts. They mayat a place called Benicia, a village in tto Troy of the Unitid States."districtcomplimentary instead of insulting, as was at first Lawrence to get possession of bis money, and then Meseis PXNCKNEY and L E N T opposed payingthe bill,Ottumwa, identified as belonging to Lawrence.—Mrs. Cameron kept boarders in the City of Provi- dence ; on the 8th of the present month she mads a temporary elopement with one of her lodgers, James Stewart by name, went with him to Boston, wasmarried to him under the name, Mary Ann Burns, and then went quickly back to her boarding house and her husband—for she was already married. For two or three days things went smoothly enough with this woman and her two husbands. Then the first sur- prised the second on the wrong side of his chamber door, and a general catastrophe happened, resulting in confessions, and the arrest of Stewart. But nothing could be proved against him, and he was, per force, discharged. This case interests by its novelty.—The agent of a troop of Indians exhibiting about the country, is said to have induced a girl residing at East Bridgeport, Conn., to elope with him. She is only fifteen years old. The name of the man, giveneastern division, passes through a region mostly State has developed^ strong State-Rights and Dem- in The Bridgeport Advertiser, ia R. E. Burns.beat pavement tbat tbe city had.The resolution was finally adopted.By resolution of Mr. Pinckney, the Controllerwas requested to inform the Board by what authority and upon what terms rooms have bean rented aad fitted up for (he City Inspector's office in T/'ie Daily News building.T h e report in favor of appropriating $15,000 for the purpose of putting the burners of the Metropolitan Gae-Mefer and Burner Company in the public street lamps and public offices was adopted.The Board concurred to increase the number of the Committee on the Recaption of the Japanese Embassy to seven members from each Board.The Board then adjourned to Monday next. "-•• • ''DEP ARTMENT OP PUBLIC CHARITIES.A special meeting of this Board was held yesterday afternoon at the Rotunda, President Draper in thechair and all the members present.A lengthy report of the proceedings of the Boardrelative to the mutilation of a child of Mary Connor, an inmate of Bellevue Hospital, was presented. Dr. Hadden, the Home Physician, in addressing the Board begged to correct the statement published in the morn- ing papers, and to present a full statement of the case, from which we extract as follows: ,Mary Connor, &n damarried wom7aan, iaged 31 yean, waa ad- mittedto Bellevuo Hospital on Sund»a3y afternoon:'ano atated tbat »be expected to be confined 100a, but ww on*bie to specify bow aoon; op to the period of admiaalon at the Hospital she bad been eugaged in houBe-oleanine, workieg hard every day aU tbe tixue ; she had so pain and made no oomplaint; she walked utiun ittod to ihe ward appropriated to women who Com* here to wait their confinement; tbe ward waa occupied at the time by twenty or more patients, together with a nurso who had cbargfc ol the ward; at 6 o'clock «.n Monday the doctor was called bythenuite to M*S the woman; he went lenmadiuely to the ward and found the woman in the following condition: lying upon.the bed between two other beds, not more than tire feet froLtibiti.fr; both bed a were occupied by waiting women: ahetated 11at she tnought her child waa born; the doctor made *n examination and found the child in a Ufelea* oonditlon lying be- nt'atb the hips of the mother; it maa mutilated, apparently by ratt; from tbe position in wbioh the child was found life oould not have existed but a few minutes; the matilaiion without doubt occutied after the death of the child; the woman com- plained during tbe night of feeling silently ill to a woman on her left, but thought she would be worse belore she -waa better, and did not.want the doctor sent for; ibe fell anleepf and waa xm- cctous at oce time that something was running over ner, which sbe supposed to be a cat; sae again went to sleep, and on waking was obs. rved to be unea»y by one of tbe womeu, who told thewere 20 women waiting when she came in ; she h*d a bed appro-printed to her, as all patients have who are in a similar conduit: on,and she showed no sign of imme<)iatecenfiuem«nt; a»,e mado no complaints and did not Intimate that she would ce confined that night; the doctor waa not sent for until the next morning, when she Irformed him. that the child was i) ing under her hips, deadthe English Chapel of that place, of Miss Euther—A Connecticut paper has a paragraph which givesMr. Daly, the Warden, states that the women, when they •hereby Mr. Kt-llock, Superintendent of Outdoor Poor; tbe<ebushel of rye, with perhaps some other things, withtbe additional assurance that he or his will never knowdoubtedly eaten by rats; the mother sta'.ed that she must have fainted o> fallen asleep, as she was not aware of the mutilation; she felt something running over her and thought it a oat; tbe nurse was not in the room all night: the loom is situated- on tbegert?«man, came for me. I am 34 years of age. Hare a wife and Wo children.": -i•i .tion is suspicious.U£. POLLARD. ON SLAVERY AND THE —A select party, consisting of a man, his wife, and a which nfariy drives everybody from the place; the people withIfcm came out to ns, in which there were three officers,the chief distinguished by a white ball surmoanting hiscap, with a peacock feather hanging from the center ofhis cap behind, asd two black squirrel tails, one on«aeh side of the feather. The under officers hid onlybrass bellB on their caps. We invited them to coma on who did not join the mutineers, .is retained, and is SIR: I thank you for your useful though eccentric desirable to deceive concerning the right of property illen O. Linderiban, a DUTHO in the H"«pita\ stated tbat sheSLAVE-TRADE. To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.young male friend, recently left Pall River, Maes , forwh<m the girl bad lived, seeing he publication in the papers, i. seeing» tt .-,.<•.,Third wcolGsic Total ear ni Three wee,in sending large trnnke; so they were checked bathe went to .bed at 9 o'clock, leaving the ward without any attend- ance ; there were twenty beds.ln the ward, all occupied; did not have earnestly attempted to give truthful pictures of name of the young man. The three arrived safely at s«-e Mary Connor until she came Into the ward next morning; Troy, but the wife and friend pursued their journey she was about going for the doctor, when * woman told her the child was born; did not tee the child in the ward, but saw it iu further toward the West. Not to put too fine a point tbe water-closet; the note was eaten off; she never Baw rats iu the beds j have never-known any persons to beiuju:ed by ratson it, they eloped, leaving the husband behind. Theybefore.victims of their own indiscretion, but that they slave-trade. For the suggestions I have incidentally if he will send a power of attorney for the baggage. the ohlld Ijing obliquely beneath tbe left hip of the mother, the JttTeison made on this subject, I have had to bear charges of head partly under the thigh, the face turned upward a little to Kin*.H.. 400,929 78 Tompkins.... rushed deliberately upon their fate, like the heroes barbarity and reproaches that I think undeserved and —Jack O'Neil, long a well-known and muoh-feared the left; he found tbe umbilical cord divided about 2b inches ArfO sWsUH • • • • • • • • a j « v « .. 1H.732 00 Ulster!of Balaklava. Th s speaks well for their courage, uncharitable, and that, I can assure you, have beendesperado of Kansas, recently ended his miserable life from the bo<?y; it seemed to be lacerated, or torn otf, and with Liv<ns/ston sand on each end of tbe cord; tbe nose, upper Up, and a portion Madison.. &3.70J 66 ^'a.ren. 43,157 81 Washington.. . II 3,6*2 37 A'ayne....... . 82,746 Si Westchester...2,070,(32 7^ Wyoming.... . 51,055 37 Yates.... ....guard-boat in tow, driniinjf tea and smoking pipes if not for their discretion. In reply to a suggestion efpecjally painful- to me, recognizing as I do the obli- in Denver City. It appfars that he hadinsulted a man of the obeek teemed to be eat«n off; also the toes and a portion Mouro<<.."with our friendly visitors, or captor*—for which they gations of Christian duty, and trusting, above all of tbe left foot were eaten,off? or apparently so; the lacerated MontuotuerT were we hardly knew. There were two large vil- that their conduct was unendurable, because their named Rooker, who challenged him. O'Neil accepted portions were covtred with sana or dust, and trie child was deid New-Yorkthin£ s, tbat He, who judges the heart in the silence of the challenge, and choee bowie-knives as the weapon and cold; the abdomen was flattened out by the weight of the Niagara... lages, and many people on the shore. In front of the relation to the Governor was a confidential one, its own depth*, may find there some sentiments of mother; " 1 K. . quite sure that thegnawing was done after drath,Mary Connor testinVd to ber reception at the Hospital, and pathies; I honor them, and reg&rd thein in their toil —A correspondent of The Button Transcript .gives her ass'enrxent to the ward above mentioned; she thought shetbe following list of Americans who contemplate living would bo confined the hu>t of the month, and htaU<s: I fell and betpkfraness with-a beating heart; am in poverty .asleep scon alter going to bed; woke up duriDg the night, and as one of them; and would be prouder through pov- in Plorence for anextended term, or have been real- felt bad; did not call lor anything oi an>body; beard no noise oriquences have followed tbe removal of Adjutant- erty, oppression, and toil, to be the. champion of their cent for periods varying from six months to nearly . disturbance of any kind until the child was born, as I thou,?it; Iasxioos that we should make a brilliant appearance.One of them insisted that I shoald strap on, outside of deed, there should be a call upon them to arrest Seconoly, Sir, I recommend the slave-trade in tbe in- Bcottvand M>es Boo t of Boston; Mr and Mrs. Kinnard next to me: 1 mode signs, and she came; my hands were hathterest of tbe negro. I do this for many reasons, one of Philadelphia; Mr. Gait, Mr. Gould, Mr. Robert under the clothes, bnt were laid over uiy bead ; 1 felt that there *»y coat, to make up its lack of buttons, a pair of re- some fugitive from service, and return him -to the of which only I will mention, as you are likely to ap- Hart, Mr. J. Hart, Mr. Vedder, Mr. Waugh, and Mr. Wus.a cat or rat there, hut could not teU which; the dootor camevolvers acd a bowie-knife and the captain's gold master ho had ungratefully and treacherously aban- preciate it, v;z: that the cruelties and inhumanities of Pord, artiste; Mrs. and Miss Chapman; MIBS Abby to me In the morning; I hod good attendance.watch and chain, which li*» hud handed me to take doned. But there seems no reason to appreheud the present system of Slavery in the South are to be Pa> and Miss Kate Pield, giving attention to music; The PRESIDENT stated that they should continue the«uwfer officers emoothed and brushed my coat with his chusetts is too costly an'amuscment to be indulgedfeudal rule of a conventional aristocracy of slavehold- and Miss Jones of New-Y ork; Mr. and Mrs. Alexan- naiids, bttuu determined that I should look as reepect- in to any great extent. I have not heard whether ers. .Make Slavery common and popular—take it from der and Miss Alexander; Mr. and Mrs. Massett and awe as POfwble. By this. Urns Capta;a ArnoSofThad we are to have another encampment like the one the contiol of feudal proprietoren-make it an institu- sen; Mr. and Mrs. Wilson Ere; Mr. William Kinneyarrived with his Bnr*i interpreter; and, as the captain held at Concord last year. Perhaps the Governor tion of the people, and not the appanage of an aris- and Mrs. Kinney, daughters and Miss Kinney; Rev.e M a J n e t t t L , O Q r a a d tocracy, and you make it-apractlcaole object of legis- Mr. and Mrs. Pord; Mr. Reynolds; Mr. Lieutenant the Warden of Bellevue Hospital, requesting him to ^ ^ K i ? ' . ^ ntfrancs into lgoon will bo "disposed to test the correctness of the opin-J J J r ^ n f " * " 6 im?oe,?K> « I could walk between my ion implied in some of the remarks at the Stone lation, improve its condition, and secure thoae benefi- Page and Miss Page; Mr. and Mrs. Edward N. Per- have a strict watch kept up in the Hospital, untilcent r^tulrs which logically belong to the subjection ofkina; Mrs. H. R. Cleveland; Mr. Dickenson Eyre;further instructions, and untd the Board should adaptdinner, that Camp Massachusetts would have beena failure had it not bden for the Adjutant-General. Sir, believe me that in Christian reflection, in wres- J»mes Ewmg Cooley and family; Mr. and Mr*. min.Mr. A. J. Joces; Mr.J.J.Jarvee andfamily; Mr. i ^ t S & A t t •'•ady, and the Maochoo offir-ers hav- Then, as it is likely that the Agricultural Shows will tlings of conscience, in tbe dark hoprs of troubled W'aiJer of Philadelphia; Mr. Philipaon; Mr. Strothering preceded us on abort, as a kind of owort, oVtfutd be a good deal disturbed, if not wholly stopped, by thought, and in tbe darker hour of prayer on ray bed, and fanuh; Mr. Edward Loringj Mr. Alexanderaplanwherebytofreetheinstitutionof rataandver-where it bends gently to the right, sweepio^ with i>lShe elevation*is not grtat, as it stands on a pkinTthei-d majority,.there can be but little real spori. If The humane treatment of the blacks, and reduce Slaveryle.tog BO greater elevation than the natural banks of CourUr'» party succeeds in bringing to the polls to a well-guarded, mild, and domestic iustitution.- T h e New-York correspondent of The CharlestonCovrier says tlat 1obliterate the remembrance of even her sorrow*; an* ,ir r tntran»acuv>i later*}.. Sfeajoritjtlally agrtj * throughApril 26.• •§-aatzv), which show thexnBelve» as a background to the we may have a bit of a scrimmage with them.%mm*m*t*&j opposite oar boat, upon the shore in front The Courier party and The Post party, to see which ncjooly. In connection with tkese"reflections, I havetbeinferiortoasuperiorrace..raggest. It is necessary, too, that * • , 0 * ^ 2 2 ! jdefeare, i o a terrotcd ehatn upon the southern horizon. Ju«t now, the only contest seems to be between institution from tbe dark contracting clutches o( a ui> named in honor of the great author. A son of O v . tbat it might be as well to inform tbe public that there shbuld vindicate its own digttity and justice, tan»©«£ssfiwww.fultonhistory.comb«en prougbi to the idea of preparing a work racum- It jnendiVm the organization of (societies iu the South toMorgan was mairied to a daughter of Gen. Jameswere no olhoes to dispose of; that they were ditniuish- taining tho true particulars of this sad story, and puauaMr. Powers, and family of eeven persons; Mr. P.North River on the 19th inet. at Irvington, a place Upon an application for office, the President statedwiebee hsr present morbid nervousness of feeling »*/8Wa^so» Webb of The CoprktUntitled DocumentBB mmtrud Ertyuirer."ipgthe offices, and hnd no vacancies to till. The Beaid then adjourned.the guikjlparties with relentUss severitymm mia— — » — - . . .The President of the Board being absent yesterday New-York at 4 o'clock Wednesday evening, met withiugs; they would reform the slave codes; they would A resolution, offered by Mr. 8TAUR. was adopted, life or limb, wa* wondtrfal. It Is wonderful, too that kill off Abolilioniem; they would silence its clamors; requesting the Commissioners of fie Pire Departmentei gine, hose, book and ladder, and hydrant oomprtnies organized in this city; the number ofmembers of each company, with its complement of men; tbe number ofiff- .Confirmed.The resolution giving $5,000 to the 7th Regiment,wherewith to purchase camp equipage, came up for action. It was lost for want of t&e con«titu*ional vote, recdrsideied, and afterward laid on the table.tbe b8ggage-man prevented tbat from setting fire tot the cat by pitching it overboard. There were aboat 9 doz«n smokers in the half upnet car, who w«r« pretty rudely pitched about among the trunks aad market.iiurise; tbe woman was not In a feeble condition by any means when tbe doctor firtt saw ber.oil'eo" at the Hospital to inquire into the f»cts; they stated tbat inquire luto the r»cis; theyOeuesev Br. Badden testified that he culled to see the woman in the Oreeneheraskforanybodyduringthenight.heir grace and beauty, while others astonish by their elt no pain: assisted ia Kiving birth to the child, until I got so close resemblance to well-known objects. Just lnsid«This is viXi Central in great routes! nees, tot atf.<-oojrd as to u 45ers.• TheMtfci dividend of]JJftft&eCU ^asmouncv ''••Th'orne v»i"Arson Firel plat has U Inpuranc*-&swr: jjpuenfof tr*>aoldata Of the La"'SSdMayiu in.money. was pa««r<^^Vedgea, |i^ o n e y i a a ^ ;tu  