 tbig[above i H , ^ ^lsb*e*foT therRAPJB.>yis, 18601before U&* Ithat he was a, psio% aafl em-sent to Mm x t«, alleged to from IL K .Hereeeived ratic Mesa-•Rtchmojod. -.^: '6^^-:^ RICHMOND, Tuesday, June 12,1860.Philadelphia.m| ofthousands ofMr. F . also reported, from the majority of the Com-t a e a w t r e [Pennsylvania;~score with his coat aE dry and blooming, w&hbifi eye At the same course, Nov. 7, he was beaten,mile heat*, bright and ear pbiying back and forth, arid spirit show-by Brown Dick in"2:31^—2:29^-2:30^. AtPoint ingineverylookandmotion, i.'.-' ,Breeze Park Course, Philadelphia, he beat Browii: i At the second attempt, they got away, and P^atehea Dick and Lancet,, mile heats, in five heats, in 2:2$-~ at once showed in frent^andiejad by a length to the 2:31—2:30£—2:32—2:29. At Union Course, »oy._M- quarter pole.. Hi»re ^Wary whp wasnet to his com- iime of therefetrediaon various fcant fe&Jhtre*.harsdaj-jaorn- t of progress, utime by ti<e:**pt the Com- tgnay claims. the President iro to fill theST pocrr. vacancy soonncr of'West ration of Coli Presidentin-«rdineren. It prop-BALTIMOKK. June 12.—Flora dull unci heavy: no saleare-ported; Howard Street, $562$; Gitv Mills, $ 5 75. WHBAT matchlessLprowess, .could\ he return to earth, might> 1,1860. , <eward, of * p?aced bjy the htt- •'•I-.cution.•*, I860.fi'-thorps aturday. rV ' »fake on.The Sheriff of Albany County this morning levied on the securities of the British Commercial Life In- i at the same time anddays of each week. All the mat- surance Company to the amount of $12,000, deposited ter will be pushed through at the earliest possible in the IMsnrance Department, in the suit of Peter Cag-i JomStK»Ye#*|| >'-"«in i* $ie-pro-ivarpoei r uiora*NBW-ORU5A»S, Tuesday. June12,1860. The steamer Austin has arrived here, with advices?andshould be adopted without discussion, he thought that a vote should be taken direct upon them.steady; 40c on Flour, ll.}c on Wheat, and 10.1c.'on Corn..to New-Y ork. LAKE INT-OKIS, 2,000 bbls- Flour;" 21,000 bush. Wheat, and 46,000 bush. com.E X C H A N G E :had a horseman's sympathy, and knew the mare could do service inthe breeding stud.*-£» - ' •this embargo. > * •/The homeopathic physicians of the United Statesstock.-' •••ft . .•---•'•'. ; ,.-'.. ^ INSTANTLY KILLED.—Isabel Thoawts. a <hMrThe steamers Umpire and Dewdrop were totally election in November next." Clay, dam Mr. Carman's mare by imported Trustee wiih such a load to overcome 1 The break was bad, past in robbing his employers, but the quantity of tablish the stations and put the route in running order. destroyed by fire on the Osage River on Saturday last. —Mr. S. Russell and Mr. W. Drake Parsons both (sire of Fashion), grandani by American Eclipse. Ho and the ground lostlooked fatal to all his hopes. The property stolen is not yet known. He had not been, Reliable information is received that all the Indian The former was valued at $10,000, and was insured disclaim all connection with the so-called Cpmmiesion- wa8,at three years old, put in the stud and continued as steady Talman, however, brings him to his work, and home for a week.'i1NEW-YORKCENTRALthe New-York Central Railroad for eight months wat*. as follows:113, and Saturday, June 16, at 11 p. m., and thereafteri October... >•*••**•• ....*T20,202 railroad train has elicited very general approbation, lion at Bordentown, New-Jersey. In 1855 he was seemingly hopelessly behind, and with the race gone; j,|» November . . . . 652.406'If' ; $H; -•• i.|H1moment. The Superintendent informs us that from geragainstsaidCompany.i>*.in" one5 race, and his banner of triumph is borne atoft, that'theresultoftheirdeliberationsmightbe"such,as ballet,&c. Thecomicalpositionsoftheactorsex- andherstrailsbeneaththetreadioftheconquerof.|JMHttfujIIillmInix*. »•• >.~»..ui»»wr.;*1 TVSt <lt'TT*"*af*"*!* <*•>;;»•«»>;<-''? f.y; "».*,'•<.••:theexeeptionofNew-York. • ;'The temporary Chairman then retired, after making a brief but eloquent speech, concluding with the hoperace', but the even gallop is in ^ i n ^ - a y ^ j ^ p S ^ ^ ^ f tsteadyiltridcwlurlshim-away hoxne, and/h^paweithescorcetwolengthsahead^in4m.53|sec.,amidth*shouts of the thousands and the damajf dt M^ra'a_,«^^##t)$ £ fcnXXXVIm (XMGEESS.FIRST SESSION.SENATE....WASHINGTON, June 12, I860. A bill -waspassedtoexplaintheactforthesatisfac-tionofVirginialandwarrants.The Senate concurred in the House amendment tothe Pacific Telegraph bill. • • • - . . . . AbittforthereliefofGeorgeP.MarshwasMr.ANTHONY(Rep.,R.I.)presentedaresolution calling for the. cozrespondence of ^minister to En- glandrelativetothesettlementofthedimcnlttesinre- gard to the Bay Islands. Adopted.Several private bills weife#a«cd» ••->,J trtu co,1MdcrodThe l>emoeratfc Convention atj^he^beat,rS:3§&£tAQiiMay 12, aatae course,frpm> Pilot.: At the, Fashion Cdurse, Jtitie 9, he ^a* b^ten by Brown "Dick ajid IJtfQet'BDamsel^ -fmb^tinjg l a ^ y ^TbeCivaApwroJB»ti<» ^ ': Woodruff mile heats, in four beats, time 2:30^2:32-x friends,and:^backers.""P "' \ r '; ^ g 0 ' f | | g j; •'--A long debateeniraed on amendments to the bill. An •amendment was adopted appropriating $400,000 for thebeat Ethait'Allen in two grand races, the best Ethan The bettingnow changed, was 100to Won Patcnenu ever^ made, and received forfeit of him once,; and his fa% 2:31^—2:33. At same course^ Jiily 7th, he fy>a|militia in eminent•iAnUnited States to obtain arms of the Gov- iODtion among the several States, tthatthestunof$30,000heretoforefor a light house at Oswego, New-York, - unexpended, may be applied for repair- - which it' stands, was stricken out as: Brown Dick and Miller's Damsel, in five heats,'m|l| Scrutiny showed Flora distressed, hut not so ^fliehen* theConstitutionshallbepreserved,in.word,anddeed, TheMinthasnotyetbeenvisited. Theladies,crowd ;defeated,\Mewonhonorsneverwornbefore,have SuffolkParkCourse,Philadelphia,Oct.3,hebeat,1at betting seemed to enliven the boor..Flora'*'the committee. t A recess waa then taken from 4to 6 o'clock p. m.this serpent, Squatter Sovereigntv. He denied the17th, he was beaten by Brown Dick mile heats,^; three heats, in 2:28—2:25£, and 2:28. At same cour|e|Stockton, and part' cflf route 8,076, west "ofEl Paso, leaving the discretion Ofthe Postmaster-General on the restored service/the same as under the existing law, todiscontinue or curtail service. '. jA letter from the New-York Commissioners was gan to evince their joy at the result, by kindling bon- and th^!<solt passed into his hands.After their appearance, nearly an hour elapsed, ere ."similar practices."the crowds that flocked around the horses could finu^ I have no opinion of my own to express respecting- entire satisfaction in the indulgence of their admiration bMcMann's driving on the occasion to which "Honesty"which left on the 18th of May,and arrivedhere Jnn 1. The express has not been started from California inback, and it must be a hard day and aS$F;SiJ *»MP$* mNEW-YORK''&&& 'The proceedings of the Convention were opened by prayer"bytheRev.Dr.Duncan. '_Mr. Oalhounof South Carolina, son of JohnC. .Thehousewascrowded with spectators. The.chief% Wa^.^ANJ>.;GEOB^E M,^ATC^ffiNr7?AT.C?EN • T H E ^ ^ n S K E B * - --:';,•;•-.•.•'••-::o '•'••>•'•:<, | %to preserve the Constitution inviobite. . J ' . ,. Mr. Erwin was then conducted to therehair, when he delivered an address to the Convention, explaining; :the Patent-Office Report were ordered to be printed, Commissioners invited to seats on the floor, but not as CORN cloned generally with an advancing tendency; Yellow at ,;he met Flora Temple, mile heats, arid made a drawii front, and had a look of drawing out clean; |M»!*h«find a steed meet for every field, a victor in every en- connter, fleet before all, whether to. follow a defeatedrocfobnrg, Ky., was passed. Isaac Lawrence, James Villiera, C. D. Stuart, Col. , PHILADELPHIA, Jnne 12.—FLOUJI dnll; superfine $ 5 50® foe, or fle^'i lost.battle and a pursuing conqueror* The Baldwin, and James B. Bensel. $5 62*. WHKAT dull; Red, $1 25®$1 40; White, $150.The consideration of the Civil Appropriation bill A motion was made to appoint a committee on CORN firm; sales, 5,000 buali. Y ellow at 67c. WHISKY firm at record of suchla Lorse is worthy to be penned, worthyas a substitute for the House bill. 70 2'73c.; White, 72'S'7Gc. PROVISIONS firm ana unchanged. The bill for the sale of the Military Asylum at Har- delegates, viz: Theodore Mott, J. Lorimer Graham, WHISKY steady and active at 21®$lic.race of it; She won the first and second heats, and hol^ng stride of the.«talfic^wii^^biciB ^ iwas then resumed.The amendment modifying the contract with Gales business.204®21£c. . < . ' , . • • • to read, ani worthy to bo remembered. Aridbere itis. GiiAni.ESTON, June 11.—COTTON: sales to-day; 3,100 bales;the tbird-^timV^ forced him np, and soon his ground was ro. heat it,wae= so dark that the race w.as' postponed iff at the rm^le of the stretchhis Tioso-came out-.thencxtday, and-was then drawn*-This; ended |u« -lead", afid soon he was at thepalf mile pelei' *"; - r e C ^ - ^ l ^ i ^ ; » r , ; ; ; .... v." :-;.'- :,: &f'a ;\ ! '' . jlfft the& Seaton for the publication of the American State papers, was considered at length.Mr. Hatch of New-Orleans, ofTered as a substitute, the following resolutions: »Middling and lower crades declined J"S>ilc.Our. cptempoTaries,. both daily and sporting, have^ given partial histories oi* hini, but npnei has, yet ap-;On motion, the day of reassembling the Convention was changed to Thursday, the 21st.• T h e Committee on Credentials reported that dele-—The Charleston Courier says that "Sumner is evidently a disappointed dastard." • ' •'the friend'who made'the gift. Mr. Sickles retained and attended her. - • SIR: A writer in your paper of yesterday; who>—When the news of Mr. Blair; s admission to the.from Neosho to Albuquorque, and from Kansas City to Virginia. . Louis, "Mr. Biairspersonal and political^^friendsbe- read hisiuture. At once a purchase was made at $400,read, declaring that they are here -as promoters of peace and harmony, and that they were also bore to give the assurance that New-York would be: foundfires, firing guns, making: speeches, and parading the streets with transparencies and bands of music. The; OurMdhorsemen will remember John Buckley asthe trainer of American Eclipse, thirty-live. to_ forty for the noblest twain of speedy ones ever paraded to'4 refers, as I was not present; but am credibly informedanese atPHILADELPHIA, Tneeday, Juhel^ 1860/ :About forty of the Japanese were vcrjr pleasantlyentertainedattheAcademy of Music this afternoon.M P M tTnioa-'C^raBe, 'Stays,Calhoun, from the Committee on Permanent Organ-lzation^made the following report,which was adopted: Embassadors were not present. Moor-Oota, theVice-President and Secretary from each State; with cers occupied eeats in the balcony", while three or four wondexM BtaMori; and he to-dayWazes forth asjtaemare i* over-matched^ the; hone{.0n^i^«f..'-^bxee _FOTPresident,JOHNERWINofAlabama,withone Treasuryofficer,wasthehighestinrank.Theoffi- •;^TheStaarofFlorapalesbeforeithe-risingBunofjthoWoodruffinsis.heats,winningthethreefastesthcatsV openlengths;anotherb&wandth^m^.mal^satimeS:^i-^:^^:2S^:30|r^:31^same course, Jane 27th, he beat'Lady Woodruff:«ig BrownKckintwoheats^attwo'•miles,in5:01icited hearty laughter.. It is reported that one of the V: ^ e r^wnjt contests of Patcheh, in which hei twice 5:03£.. Aifc'the same course, June 29tb,;he beatJapanese, while investigating the stage scenery, wasoftheseventywereinaprivatebox. Theyenjoyed all the performances, the opera, comedy, legerdemain,•vpinheic of »the heet two heats at two niileBfevertrottedthe position of the South, whose duty, he said, is to injured by the fall of a maypole. - ' ;*protect its own rights, to unfurl its flag to the breeze, The morning was spent in visits by detachments to a featawe^£;laterby Flora Temple, nffle'heatsy in theand to firmly and proudly march on, demanding that number of periodical and Jewelry stores and factories. bestrace'at that distance evertrotted^ in which, though heats, m 2:26^-2:261—2:29—2:28, and. 2:29. At thJrrThe race was deemed over,-baanjag an accid«nt/andno>and letter, and the equal rights of the States guaran-teed. He would say nothing in favor or against going their apartments this evening.•>'• .-given bnntff position, and his history an interest that makes b j ^ a m e , his. lineage, his prowess, and his feats strikealf)'minds, stir all hearts, and fill "mouths of wisest cenenre "- with words of admiration. We feel withVaU^fworld, and his "biography " may charm ris, as it put charm eveiy soul over which the witchery of gentle>. bjoi'seeiaft cast? its spell. With the love of tbeamateurwehavestudiedthisnoblehorseandimile heats, in three heats, Brown Dick and Lancet in friends looked gloom and dismay. At length the •2:28i—%&<%, and 2:29|. At Eclipse Course, O ^ call is made and the nags/^pme again torIimputation thattheir purpose wasdisunion. The North-to Baltimore; but whatever is done, we must strangle'••'":,::.: !"•'.>. ;'•,:'•:'• / ^Michigan Politics.ADRIAN, Mich., Tuesday, June 12, I860.--'JJL^L WMWOaicssiow. erndemocratshavegone-inpursuitofafalseGodTheRepublicanConventionfor*theHdCongres-The Senate re-assembled at 6 p. m.Mr. FTTCH (Dem.y IncL), from the Committee on Printing, reported in favor of printing the usual num- berofthemajorityandminorityreportsoftheSelect Committee on Printing. Agreed to.that the South cannot worship, and we must endeavor sional District, ^at Coldwater to-day, nominated JFer- to bring them^ back to the. true faith. He earnestly handpC. Beamah of this city for Congress. 'heats, in 2:29$—2:28.At Suffolk Park Course, Philadelphia,.Ock.2<5,$hoped that our deliberations here would result not only insecuringourownrights,butthewelfareofthowhole country.- ^•'-'•—'-TheSteamerl>eSoto. NF.IV-ORLEANS? Tuesday, June 12, I860.,, The steamer De Soto sailed to-day for Havana andbeatLancet,mileheats,in2:25^,distancinghiminsecond heat- At the same course, Oct. 31, hevfaf bardy street to an .orange,' for Patchen earner'up to>Mr. Middleton, of South Carolina^ Chairman of themittee, the Home hill, estabUshing a Governmen# Committee on Credentials, desired tobe discharged from New-York, with $300,000 in specie.learned hiailiistorv. _We offer here its record, and that is noble as his beaten by Lancet, mile heats, in 2:25^2:25^2:27iiPrinting-Office. " further consideration of the certificates of the New- Mr.1>AVIS(Dem.,Miss.),fromtheminorityofthe YorkNational Hall Delegates. These delegates, heCommittee^ reported a substitute for the bill in relation' said, bad informed the Committee that they did hot to the public printing. come here as delegates, but as Commissioners fromTen thousand extra copies of the mechanical part of New-York to consult with us in fraternal feeling.The Committee were discharged, and the New-JTork active and firm; Red, $130W$135) "White, $1.50®$! 60., - • . ; : '••-•:.- -••» .-'- • y - : - ; > - - . -;''• markets. -^V- V:.'• •g |frameisstiilwart,grand,and'ppwerful. Inthatrecord, and in the frame ol such ahorse, who, taken all in alL stands^ peorless, a knight of old, of giant moliS, andOSWEGO, June 12.—FLOUR dull and unchanged. WHEAT quiet -turn tie-'- lead;' gainrng steaa^ly'ilMBJff Wjm%k^ had readied the straight stretch was in fronl a length' And anaif.!. . .;,\^';,':.>^/^ $$/$ -j;. ttml.Steadily both worked up, and, without change,;passed the judges, finishing tho 'first mile in;&:25.Dashing away from the turn; McMann again attempted to steal a march and get on the inside, but in vain.agreed to. Charleston there be inserted the words, "which we $140, and some White Canada on private terms. OATS are in was beaten at mile beats, in three straight heatsj The former attempt had taught Talman a lesson, and The amendment appropriating $40,000 for seeds and heartily approve." ' fair request; sales of 34,500 bush. C&nadaEast on private terms, ingdale road had the same style and speed in that day,cuttings for Patent Office was stricken out, but after- . A motion was made to refer the amendment and res- but supposed to be a little lower than former quotations. CORN and when.'^.•jOai-man^iew rein on anypair, they were time, 2:21—2:24—2:21=1. The race was the first of* he shut the mare out, and kept her at bay on Ms outer»nd easier; sales 3,000 hush. Canada Club on private terms. Mr. SLJDELL. (Dem., La.,) contended that if the Rexolred, That, .the delegates to this Convention having been White Canada is salable at $ 1 37.J, but holders ask generallyamendmentwasadopted agratuityof$66,000 would be given them.Mr. FTTCH defended the amendment as being just. and denied that there was snch an excess. It protected the interests of the Government.a ;In 18^0,'his first appearance was with Ethan Allen^; appointed on the baris or the majority platform, adopted at $ 1 40. CORN 12C. lower, with less,inquiry; salcB last night peare'd in print, full and accurate in everyrpariicular. beatingibhn in two races, on the 16th and 23d of Mayyward restored. - •In the debate, Mr. TVERSON (Dem.^Ga.) showedpassed an^i the, road lost to them.One of this notedtwo matches. The second came off yesterday, two-mile heats in harness J(to sulkies). The condition of quarter pole with a lead of a length. Here a showwas made by Flora of brush, but all her game was gone. . . ... . 1Charleston,wedeemitunnecewarytotakeanyfurtheractionin 6,400bush.Illinoisat59c;to-day,5,500bush.do.at58ic Other relation to a platform at the present time. Grains quiet. Canal freights unchanged at 26'c. on Flour, 7c. on Retolved, That when this Convention adjourn, it adjourn to . Wheat, 0£c. on. Corn, to New-York. Lake Imports—400 bbls.Flour, -13,700 bush. Com.- Canal Imports—6,000 bush Wheat, 22.CO0 bush. Corn.Wesupplythedeficiency:; kf : ;;><*v,|;V,Some fifteen years ago many New-Yorkers will re-: heats in each race; time, in the first race, 2;25—2:24-^meet again in Richmond, on the 25th of June, unless the Presi- dent should deem it necessary,to call the Convention together sooner.member that our/townsman Mr. Carman drove on the roadj nearly every fine afternoon in the driving season,ALBANY, June 12.6p.m.—FLOUE—Demand fair; prices un-After a very lengthy debate, the amendment was Mr. Davidson of Alabama moved that after the word changed. WHKAT dull; sales of 6,000 bush. White Michigan at a pair of dashing mares. No other pair On the Bloqmr June, at the same course, he met Flora Temple, and'•is lees firm, and tho inquiry limited; Bales of 11,000 bush. West- olution to a Select Committee. • em mixed at 64®64}c. MALT—Sales of 10,000 buBh. Western atside. The turn was easily done, and he came to,theMr. Meek of Alabama hoped that a direct vote 874c. WHISKY—Sales of 50 bbls. at21$c.receipts of three days 950 bales against 1,100 bales the same time .na Ne-w-York and Pennsylvania, and dis- a Committee on- resolutions be raised, ana that all the last vear; receipts ahead of last year 460,500 bales; receipts at mares tho unmatched ones of the road; but the fourth them in other sections at immense expense to resolutions and amendments be referred to it without all Southern porta ahead of last year 792,000. FLOUR $ 5 50®that the Agricultural Bureau bad abused the appropria- would be taken on the resolution. • NBW-ORLSANS, June 12—COTTON: sales to-day 500 bales; quo- pair, a chestnut, will recur to mind as a beauty in formthe trot was a good day and good track. ' Arid the day came but the lovliest of the lovely, in a cloudless sky, a westerly breeze, and with a temperature neither tootioua, paying the funds out to mere sinecures, and buy- After considerable debate Mr. Yancey suggested that tations are nominal afll@lLic.; sales of three days.3,400 bales; and a tratnp in speed. A trioof seasons saw Carman'sThe effort once made, and the power to do the wfcrk in any towri in the country. Mr. Barry of Mississippi said these resolutions were BUFPAZO, June 12.—FLOUR market dull and unchanged; saleB tbe field ^fher fame. Carman knew her value. He hot nor too cold. Out of the calendar could not haye been gone, she dropped back, arid both went quietlythe Government, which could be bought at any store debate. - $ 5 62£. PORK $19. Rest of the market unchanged. one came, and lameness took the chestnut prodigy from600 bbls. WHKAT: parties apait; no sales. CORN market closed come forth a finer day for a great race. Eager expec-: to the half-mile pole, Patchen in the lead three lengths.Mr. BJKJPWN, (Dem., Jli^jaO denounced the thing as prepared . and informally submitted to all the delega- dull and heavy; sales 75,W)0 bush. Illinois, a part free on board, saw a Summer's run to grass for recovery was neces- tation stirred every sporting heart, and every lover This he carried round,the turn', held it steady up thea humbugland doubted if the Patent Office ever sent' tions, and having been approved by a majority of all at 56c. OATS steady; buyers offer 3 4 c ; holders ask 34Jc. sary, and it was ordered.. He was no breeder^ but heanyvaluableseedsthroughoutthecountry.Mr. WILSON, (Rqpy, Mass.,) intimated that the Agricultural Bureau was about to investigate the cat-tle disease. -thedelegations,withtheunderstandingthatthey WHISKY£C.lower;sales100bbls..at19£c. CANALFREIGHTSofgameand.speed,andalltheworldwererunhome,andcametothestandeneasywinnerby early ajog for the Union Course. Long ere the hour thirty feet in 4 minutes and 57£ seconds.Mr. Hunter of Louisiana moved the previous ques-So ends the second great trot between these.theJust then Mr. tJeorge M. Patchen of Brooklyn was understanding, there should have, been opposition to a reduced this morning to 1J- ^ cent premium ;private bills, li®l£. owner pijhe trotting stallion Caseius M. Clay, androd if Mr. . i: 'Mr. BROWN hoped that the nation would not turn tion. He was surprised that after the full and formal CHICAGO, June 12.—Sight Exchange on New-York: bank ratesrobable these la the armyLL.he Senate as . it to compe- ar limitationthe time of taken up to- ie part of the ng that, theby the I8th. day or twoConvention g more than ttrention, a*rewiththe demands be wp an inde-smendment Uon bill, to establishedace of coo- :* a'. ».*d in theno*.port to the iday, after eu-« of the the ScnatoJONS.appropria- . see of the f12,1860. it* labors. > The teati-ed, :iamely, ?Vwta thein died. The never bad,'nterview rt'seutative trHsb btU. the truth •gentlemanSI for Can- Coogress, n. Foreign ice of trie the com- H-fed a» in- aeroal in- tgr changethe tngaty; »orial fcsw- iewof^bea of Ten- !es oft the Jtise con-% The*, fc between-stood that ?u, if pos- i K- «:iuulni to ther :: reki-/ and in- . contract-action of £ inent wasa the bill.i•"cow doctors.Mr. MALLORY, (Dem., Fla.) said the agriculturalreports were made outof material plagiarized from books which ought to be in the library of every agricul-r20.228,700 70,090,000for the week previous had been at about 100 to 40 oa Flora, and on the course continued the same, though in 'some rare instances as low as 100 to 35 were laid. The race of last week had assured one party and in- timidated the other. . . ' :When the horses appeared and stripped, both showed capital cendifcioh. The little mare never seemed to be better, and yet the event showed her not quite up to the mark. As in her last match, her fore feet wereshowri more game, for then we should have seen such' time as never in either heat had been seen before.KECAPITULAUION.UNIOX COUEKK, Jane 12.—Match $500 aside, three tadle heats».in barnew. . • ' . D. Talman's b. h. George M. Patchen,direct vote on the resolution; it was to avoid all dis- cussion.Mr. Jones of Georgia said it would be highly im- proper to take any action at this time on the platform.^cent premium, andfor gold. A-^cent premium. BOSTON WEEKLY'BANK. STATEMENT.BOSTON, Tuesday, June 12,1860.Mr. Caman offered the use of the mare to'Mr. Patchen,' He, being in no condition to keep themare, offered her services to Mr. H. J. Sickles of Mon- mouth County, New-Jersey,-tendering the services of Cassius M. Clay. . What an offer was that! All three knew the£value, and the value of both sire and dam:turist.The bill was considered until after II o'clock, when We expect, should we not be able to harmonize at Due from other b'nkr 7,857,5001 1 J. McMann'sb. m. Flora T emple..^ft..........2 2Senate adjourned.HOUSE O F REPRESENT A TIVES.Mr. GROW (Rep., Pa.), from the Joint CommitteeBaltimore, to have Kentucky, Tennessee, Missouri, North Carolina, Delaware, Maryland and Virginia in the Convention with us, when we assemble again, and it would be improper for us to take any final ac-POLITICAL. mTimeFirst heat. 2:232:80jr .4:53*Second Beat. 2:25 /'^i&£. •. ..HCapital Stock. Loans and Discounts Specie..$36,581,700 Due to other 62,346,500 Deposits.... 66,300,700 Circulation.auks. $9,629,500—The German Kepublicans' held a ratification meet-Total...4:57*£Mr^Grow^i proposition, under the operation of the .true to tire South and true to the North, should a crisis Democrat office was the object of some very flattering years ago. He had been trained in a school to know View/'..'. _ . ,-. .;.. . :...r,.i ,:... • that the subject was considered by the judges, at theis^ftestion,wasagreedto—l'J3against53. "arrive.''; ... demonstrations,includingaserenade,fromtheproces- ahoree,;aitdguagehispower;andinthiscolthe'found., tnnejros*decided-irifavorof'F&rabythecaet&gvotoi4i Mr#&fjBJUEY (Rep., Ohio) from the Printing Com- Col. Baldwin of Syracuse said New-York came here sion. Mr. Blair's residence was then visited, and his one to iii8ph'e-hi8 heart withthe hope to produce'''in: the" d <.B%#j^rything,mu8t hwe ari end^arid at length of one of them, who had staked his entire upibr"' on ^nattee,reportedaresolution^whichwa*passed,to' toassisttothrowoilonthotroubledwaters;tourge ladyandfamilyserenadedihthemostenthusuisfcia^stgrle, iroUing^^i^eaich achefd'ouvreaswasAmerican rbothadmirationand'patiertbeareexhausted.'Eveiy Patchen. Whatevermaybethoughtoftheproprietyprint 50,000 extra-copies of the Mechanicaljjart of the you to do as you have dou«*j to take no decisive ac- ^e^^^Jaaiil^sj^ipfS cheers prtdoiniuatirig over the In- ear waits to hear the warning bell, and at length that of betting on the part of one whose vote may deter- Patent-Office reportr—10,000 for the sue ofthe Office tion here, but togp.tbBaltimore..r\.,., . ,„v, > JEchpse^in the racing world. And he has, though then comes, [and the^ blankets are stripped, and theteager. mine the resubmit is pleasant to know that there is stilland the remainder for the members of the "House. , -The'-Commissioners,: he said, agreed' with this Con- stmmental strains. Mayor Filley and Hon. Jojm How far on in the vale of years,-lived to see his hope reahzed, ari "holiest riianThere and there, on the turf; . I- wish I The JUigat-JBtouag appropriation bill was considered l vention iri deploring'the nomination of an individual were also called upon at 1;heir residences, and the latter and enjoy its fruition. A.few months after the'pur- eyes'of the champion catch animatiori from the sound knew the name of this gentleman, that it might heanidSEL ^?/> .•&••¥• .whose selection would be as injurious to himself as it gentleman acknowledged the compliment in a brief chase he parted with a half interest in the colt to Dr. - of the surging masses that give way for the rendezvous Tribuned to the world. . . . V , , .5 ilouse passed the following Senate joint resolu- would be destructive to the Democratic party and dan>, at the. stand and scoring-ground. Away the horses ; The charge against Mr. Eoff, I would remark, was tions: Autbonaanga vessel connected with the Coast gerous to the Union.. speech appropriate to the occasion. The Lincoln and Longstreet of Bordentown, and they remained the joint jtaitfor their preliminary trots. While all tins goes not of foul driving, but that %e bs&'driwri faibe.Survey to proceed beyond the limits of the United Mr. Baldwin proceeded at sohfe length to deprecate Hamlin Club room was brilliantly illuminated and owners of him until October, 1858, when Mr. Buckley on the rhultitude look on and grow eager. And this, That is to say, that he had purposely herd up- his horseStates for purposes connected with the observation of the dissolution of the Union, and to say that he was gaily festooned. Indeed,. the burst of rejoicing with parted with his half interest to Mr. Joseph Hall of.and'lost the race when he could have won it,'while too, ends at last, an.d it is proclaimed that Patchen has the charge brought against McMann is, that in ins ea-he pole. A way go the horses for the start. After one erness to win lie had encroached upon the rights of attempt they get off at the second veiy evenly and fis opponent in a manner denominatedfoul. The dis- tinction, you-see,is material; in the one case the driver make a rush for the lead. But Patchen, with the in- being charged with driving false in order to lose, and side, can outfoot the speedy little mare round the turn, in the other with driving foul in order to win. Thisthe eclipse of the sun on the 18th of July; to supply one of .those who could not see how the Union could Switzerland and the Naval Academy each with a copy be dissolved.<f the reenlts of Wilkes's exploring expedition; to sup- Mr. Dawson of Georgia called the gentleman to. ply-the Cherokee and Chickasaw nations with such order. 'which the news was hailed, was •notices complimen- tary to Mr. Blair than auspicious as an indication of the approaching struggle.'.' -Rochester, New-York, and since then he has been and now is the property of Dr. Longstreet and Mr. Hall, jointly, although the Doctor surrenders to Mr. Hall thecopies-of laws and journals as are furnished the organ- ized territories.Mr; Baldwin resumed, and continued for a few min- utes in the eame strain, when—Mr. James P . Scott makes the following explana- entire control and direction of tho Patchen. "tion concerning the use of his name as a'member of theThe House took a recess from half-past fonr to seven o'clock.and he draws in front, and leads to the quarter pole I take pleasure in stating in justice to McMann, inEVENING SESSION.. lustration of the bad poiicyof having ships built by tion of Lincoln and Hamlin. Delegations were' pres-private contract. ent from Belleville, Blbomfield, Orange, Paterson, and Republican candidate for the Presidency:The Committee then rose, and the amendments were Jersey City. Courtland Parker, esq., presided,'and • " Mr. L. is a genial, delightful, and hiLrh-toned gen- and open, and the whole breathing system quite per-tleman, whose pleasant/hospitality we have enjoyed; fection, from the great-open, expansive nostril, to the and, although wc think him in great error in some of symmetrical chest and powerful lungs. An eye of fire,concurred in, including one that not more than $3,000 speeches -were made by the Hon. Daniel Ullman, Judgeshall be expended at the Navy-Yard on the hull and Peabody, Joseph Hoxie, W. H. Pry, Judge Tracy,rpars of any vessel, and not jnore than $2,000 on the and others. .-sails and nggSSg^without previous examination and Resolutions indorsing the nominations vrere adopted his political opinions, we have as much confidence in of spirit and good temper, crowns all, and tells of areport of the cost by a Board appointed for that pur- with loud applause, and letters from Congressmen, his patriotism as we have in that of any man except courageous heait and boundless nervous energy. pose. The bill also provides that not more than $5,000 responding to tho choice of the Republican candidates ourselves—we being the only persons that we canvention to b« held at Springfield to-morrow. The fol- lowing are the names of those who are most seriouslyat the stations,, breaking them up and chasing oif the Moore, C. Vanelerre, C W. Shook, A. J. Pippin, W. commanding abilities, unquestioned integrity, and scrupulous feather,'' which, as yet, though beaten, has neveragents. fidelity; a faithful and correct representative and exponent ot waved over binou If ever the horse lived vvbo could t< The agent at Ruby Valley writes that three persons. H. Stewart, Thomas A. Thorp, the Hon. W. H. Sny- the principles of the Republican party. His spotless characterTT_*.„^ c»«*«u -yp0 w ] 1 0 iiave lived with him longest, and know eonsequenee of the depredations committed by Indians voundod: Simon Elmer, George D. Wehoff, R. A. him best, recognize in him a statesman of exalted patriotism,was current at Salt Lake that an emigrant train had beencutotfwestofRnbyValley,andnearlyallofthe•party murdered. .The express will commence this week making semi weekly trips, and will leave here on Wednesday, Juneinsured for $6,000.Extensive r^evy.ALBANY- Tuesday, June 12, 1860.NationalDemocratsofNew-York.Mr. L. N. Shear, whose enterprise in supplying the interior of our State with early Newspapers by aspeiial• • • 'Wim ; 5M.2I3806,406, - i 382,516. ,•'auSi'tXS&fB /. *«t66Sprivate advices he thinks all will go regularly m the tpurue of two weeks.fe JC&n&dlan Religion* Blatters.. 0Pike's Peak Express.ST. Louis, Tuesday, June 12,1860.Reliable information has been received by the Pike'spay for them; but the publishers—that is, the great dis- at the New-Jersey Agricultural Show, and won, beat- tributinghouseswhichcontroltheircirculation—hope ingJohnNelson,Hero,andothers,in2minutes40toasettled rattling brush, and the gap began to close His pace drew on her so quickly, that she seemed t:>; j March..... * • f • * • » « * • « « p« | .v., 554,835.... 580,m •••• «x>4|3iw9Total.Increaao In two-thlrda fiscal y e a r . .t ^ Tono.sTO.CW./Tuesday, Jnne 12, I860. Peak Express Company, that a party has gone out onThe Church of Engknd Synod meets here to-day. the Denver CJty road for the purpose of robbing theThe Synod of the Presbyterian Church of Canada messenger. The Company have taken steps to protectmeets at Hamilton to-morrow, and the annual meeting the mails and thwart any attack that maybe made4>t the Congregational Union takes place at Montreal upon them, and.give the intended robbers a warm re-so he must do without them. We confidently predict as a stallion, and in the Pall of that year at that place dwelling, no swerving, no breaking, but in all steadi-to-morrow.ception, by sending out with the messenger this morn- ing a guard of 100 armed men.The quarter mile is yet to be done, and a long strifel^ater from Brazos,I «i8Po'RTfcAKri, Tuesday, June 12, 1860. The National Division of the Sons of Temperance bad a grand procession to-day, making an imposing display; followed in the afternoon and evening by Capt. Ferdinandezhad been taken and shot, and it public meetings, at which the attendance was veryfrom Brazos to the 9th inst '•••Gen. Garcia, commandmgatMatamoras, had sent anbe held at Cincinnati on the first Wednesday m June, ness mile heats, and was. distanced in the first heat,r her head aud head. And now tho pace tolls on her.labar coast. Of 5043^people attacked bv this awful scourge m January, 4458 died. . , * ^expedition in pursuit of Cortina.1861. Dr. W. W. Redman of New-Haven, Conn., time 2 minutes'28 seconds. Patchen broke badly imd She shows distress; her oars go down on her poll*was believed that thehand of Cortina would be broken up.large. .was appointtd to deliver the annual address, and Dr. was badly beaten in consequence.! P. P. Wells of Brooklyn. N. "K., the alternate.The atenh of her tail flirts; the horse is. drawing ahead, and,the ,was false.'/'fire in the Second Di^rwt ^utgbA'/„':*...i*.^^i>^*^--'- •- -www.fultonhistory.com';• . ....'•-. j- Si. .' •:t ••IThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069'•<right as a delegate from Texas, having been chosen to fill a va- cancy, or something of that kind, and that Mr. Clubb had a ticket for me. Mr. Clubb Handed me a delegate's ticket, which I placed in my pocket, and made no use of it whatever, as I did not attend the Convention atall as a delegate, and was not even in that part of the Wigwam set apart for them. I spent a few minutes look- ing at the sea of heads in the Wigwam on the third day of the session, which, was all the time I spent in the Convention.^ •has immense quarters lying far forward into his waist, well muscled down to his hocks, great second thighs, and forearms, with broad bony hocks and knees, great broad flat bone below the knees and hocks,with capital feet.long rate that covers the groundlike the wind sweep- To the Editor of Tlte N, Y. Tribune."good-, as 'Roth were, and were known to be, prophecy • a c4uld not haye foretold the matchless excellence, theof Conference on the disagreeing amendment to the tion now on the platform. -Poet-Office Deficiency bill, reported that they were The vote was then taken on the resolution, andunable to agree. He moved that the House recede adopted unanimously, with the exception of the vote ing at Columbus, Ohio, last Saturday night. One of the now famed trotting stallion George M. Patchen.from its disagreement to the first amendment of the of South Carolina, Mr. Rhett announcing that the del- the Chicago delegates made an address in the GermanSenate, and agree to the Senate's amendment, with an egates from that State were ready to proceed at once language, and Gov. Chase followed with a few words. 1849, Patchen was foaled, and so named in honor ofaar endment providing i hat the service between Charles- to the business for which they were delegated.ton and Key West shall be performed in the same timeas is now. prescribed hi the contract with the Isabel,and that the Isabel shall be paid for the service actuallyperformed at the rate preMCxibed in the contract. The gates-were present from Arkansas, Alabama, Texas, House of ^Representatives, in place of Barrett, whoamendment restores all the service discontinued or cur- Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina, Georgia, thetailed since the 4th of March, 1859,' except the route Did District of Tonneasec, and the VHth District of, had received the credentials by fraud, reached St. keen horseman's eye at a glance saw his'value and race for a man's life as a stake. buke some time since given to Eoff, the jockey, for" Hoping that this explanation will place me all right with the ,'• His neck is admirably and beautifully arched; head public, and having no desire to share tho honors of the disgrace-ing the clouds.His quickened pace tells on the mare, and carries- heroff her feet. She once in the air on the prance, the horse opened out a lead of three or four lengths, and McMann struggles hard to bring Flora out of her break and settle her back to work and steadiness. Ere this is done, Talman has brought his horse up to the half-mile pole. With a quick eye, he sees his power over Flora, and takes his horse in hand and goes stead- ily but easily round the turn, leaving to Flora all' that she could wish to do to-get up eb hiin at the end of the turn, and be ready to brush with Patchen up .the straight work to the stand.SIR: "Honesty," in his communication to TJHK TRIIJUNJE on " foul, driving." on tho occasion of the bast trot between Flora Temple and Patchen, is guilty of a misstatement, so far as the facts of the case are con- cerned.If. as he alleges, Mr. McMann drove Flora across the track immediately in front of Patchen, it Would have been deemed foul, and so decided by the judges, whoprobably paid as much attention to the contest as did ^ Honesty." .If further evidence ori that point is necessary, I am prepared to bring forward some of Patchen's backers who pronounce Honesty's statement absurd and ridiculously false. Yours.Nexo-York, Tuesday p. m. $100 TO $50 ON FLORA.QUICK DETECTIVE WORK.—At 1 o'clock this morn- ing Detectives Dcvoe and Sampson arrested arybung fellow named Henry Smith, charged with forgmgjhe names of Dick & Fitzgerald, publishers, to a draft for-.-" $228 20. Smith Was formerly in their employ as clerk, and obtained possession of the draft, as is supposed, by breaking open a letter, as he was in the habit of going to the Post-Oifice. Messrs. D. & F. did not discover the robbery until last evening, when they gave notice to Sergeant Dickson, who placed the matter in the handsoftheabove-named officers*Early in the evening, two brothers named Ennis, friends of Smith, were apprehended, at the Art Union Concert Saloon, charged with comphcity in tho mat- ter. They attempted to soil the draft yesterday to>.several persons, but were unsuccessful, and the dis* position of it was postponed until another day. Smith was found at a low drinking saloon tailed tho.ful trick which \vus played upon tho Convention with its authors, "I am, yours respectfully, JAMES X. SCOTT.?'large, and plain, but very clean, long, and gamy in look; ear large, plain, and clear, almost diaphanous. His throttle is-free and well detached; the jaws wide—The Louisville Journal speaks as follows of theshall be expended on the repair of any vessel until the were read. • '. hncno to be patriots; 'If Lincoln and Douglas were Shoidd not such a horse have a phenomenon's gait 1 As they swept off the turn on to the stretch, Patchennecessity of the repair and probable cost be ascertained by similar means.Cannon were fired, fireworks exhibited, and other .the only candidates in the pendingrcontest, we should He should and has. There is great sweep from the demonstrations of rejoicing were made. no doubt decidetot.ake.no part between them; and point of the hip to the hock, and hero lies his propellingIt is estimated that about 20,000 persons were yet we believe that Lincoln is a much more honest andpresent. Thousands went away, unable to hear, straightforward politician and man than Douglas, and power. In his shoulder there is great reach, fully although a second stand and set of speakers were that lie would act as President with a sinccrer regard, equal in extent to the driving power of his greathad a lead of a length, and'this he held to steadily, and a rattling pace, in which she could not head him, led them up to the stand, finishing the first mile in 2 min- utes 23 seconds. This mile done, into the second they rush, and Talman driving his horse'a little wide to carry him easily round the turn, McMann saw his chance and pulled his mare back and-shot in on the in- side for a pass on the shorter turn. But Talman. was not to be caught. In the flash "of an eye he drew his horseback,andFlorawasforcedtobetakenin hand arid pulled out. Bound the turn he was too much for her, and be came to the quarter pole with a lead of alength and a half. 'This point gained, and Flora, rested up from thequiet way in which Bhe came round the turn, wasready for a brush, and at once dashed into a burst ofspeed that infive,and twenty rods brought her up toThe bill was passed.* The House acted on the Senate's amendments to the"Indian Appropriation bill, concurring in some of them. formed. The " Wide-Awakes," 200 strong, made a for the purity of the Government and ihe welfare of haunches, thighs, and hocks. In his gait he goes lowAdjourned. 'The Pony Express.ST. Jo>K»a, Mo., Tuesday. June 12, 1860.The Ponv Express, whix dates to June 3, from Rnbv ,Valley,300mileswestofSaltLake,arrivedat6o'clock •this evening. • , .No express from San Francisco has been received at Ruby Valley, which is the furthest station west.whichparade in unform, bearing torches, & c• ..'Railroad Accident.ST. LOUIS, Tuesday, June 12, 1860.the nation."" .—A mass meeting of the people of SangamonCounty, 111.,.assembled-at Springfield (Mr. Lincoln'sresidence), on the 7th inst., to ratify the nomination orand long, carries his body steadily and level, without any hitch, bounding, or rolling, and in stride excels that of any trotting horse ever yet seen. In a word, he is a great mass of animal mechanics, in whose heartpersons, many seriously. A large. number of the pas- has not been interfered Vith by Indians since the one sengers -were delegates to tho Democratic State Con-Apassengertrain ontheBelleville Railroadranoff LincolnandHamlin. Tentbonsandpeoplewerepres- ishighcourage,and in whose every fiber is untold the track lour miles from Belleville, at 8 o'clock this;-•:i -Amorning, completely breaking the engine, baggage cnt. The following resolution was. adopted with great nervous energy. With speedy form and strong spirit,car, and one passenger car, and injuring some thirtyenthusiasm:" Se'iolved. That \ve hail with .enthusiastic satisfaction, andmost cordially ratify and indorse the nomination of AbrahamPresidency of the Lincoln as the Republican candidate for the .,he can go and can last; and when the pace is so rattling thatitkills, he will be the longest to stay the distance,United States. W e who have lived with him ..killing pace-that will make him show " the whileto starve him out by refusing tosellhimtheir weeklies:seconds.. fa 1857, at Newton, N. J., he made a seasoncome back to him.On, on he went, nofaltering, ri>$4,351,461This offer was made and accepted in 1848, and in May,spirited. She had a cheerful, gay look, and seemed to TINCTTON.catch deep inspiration from the throng who greeted To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.TROT.'*^ted$%tf&:1$M<Is»^:; l2:28|; Union course, June 21,. he was beaten by; j i d |The Second Heal.—The show of the. Mare waa poor, her eyes looked heated, she was stulaB wet, and Oct.20th,hebeatBrownDiekinthree,heats,raHihadnotdriedoff.jtwasciearshehadbeen^overdone. She was not fully herself, andtiot fit to go the distance. Itneedednoprophettotellthe result. The taee wa»; Patchens,andonemightnainetheoddsat'aH3Gom-at'mile-heats,: on the Union Course, in' three straight 2:29; in the second, 2:27^—2:26—2:31. On the 5th of• ' ' ' • ' . * ' , • | l ; f |ito start had come, some 20,000 people were coveringevery stand, and all the field and course. The betting noblest Romans of them all. Would that Flora had!brilliantifuture of their produce. That produce was hound up.. Her coat was blooming, her Jegs clean andfine, her eye bright and clear, and her step elastic and DRIVING FOUL AND DRIVING F ALSE—THE DIS-hiin for two years, and. then sold him to Mr. John Patchen looked grandly—showing bloom and spirit, signs himself "Honesty," charges Mr. McMann, whoBuckley of Bordentown, New-Jersey, whose attentionhad beencalled to him by Mr. Patchen, and whose nicety. One might well have deemed him worthy to with Patchen, with foul driving, and alludes to the re-Mr. Barry of Mississippi rose and said—While weof the South have avoided all discussion of the ques bogus Texas delegation at Chicago: .. ", deep blood bay with no white save a small star, black in band, going .easily but with a telling stride. Once whose integrity and skill I have great faith, for what- tion, we cannot permit others to open the discussion. " I find that my name has been most unwarrantably used by ever differences there may be as to the question offotil^This noble horse, now eleven years old, is a fineThe House re-assembled at 7 olclock. Several gen- We have allowed the gentleman from New-York to the contrivers of tho Texas delegation fraud in the Chicago Na- legs, mane, and tail; is sixteen hands high, and a in the straight work of the far side, he quickened pace the skill and tact with which he managed the iL littletlemen obtained permission to print their speeches in. speak by courtesy, and he has abused that courtesy. tional Republican Convention, and you will confer a favor by great, strong, powerful steed, fit to draw a coach or publishing the following statement of facts: .. / :The Globe. . .Mr. McOUEEN (Dem., S. C.) objected to the print-ing of slanderous speeches on Southern institntions.It was decided that the objection came too late.The- consideration of the Navy Appropriation billwas resumed.During the debate on the appropriations for theNavy-Yards,Mr. WHITELEY (Dem., Del:) said he was forbreaking them down, for ships built there rot from keel to truck in five years.Mr. FLORENCE (Dem., Pa.) expressed his surprise at such remarks, and mentioned the Niagara as an il-and strode away gaily, with the little mare near. bay mare" on. the most trying occasion in all her ca- Mr. Baldwin resumed, and was speaking, when a " I was in Chicago during the sitting of the Convention, and the drag a dray. He is very long in carcass, deep in bis Then they went on to the middle of the stretch, when reer,, was a theme of universal remark and admiration.motion to adjourn was made, and carried unanimously. Cries were made for a speech from Mr. Yancey, but be declined, saying he had much labor before him at Washington and Baltimore, and would take occasionto address the citizens of Richmond on his return.Republican Demonstration.N E W A R K , N. J;, Tuesday. June 12, 1860. •One of .the largest and most enthusiastic political gatherings ever held in Newark assembled last evening at the foot of Military Park, to respond to the nomina-first knowledge I received of my name having been used inthia * , , X 0 U 7 *"'&'•,««. manner was from leading it in a nowspaper. Calling Don C. chest, very oblique in his shoulders which reach far Flora moved up and seemed to strive well for the lead,Henderson to account, to know what it meant, he said I was all back over hisribs.. His back is medium in length, he, butTalman roused the big one, and he opens out that . New- York, June 12,1860.WESTCHESTER. ,•MSi I1 t5the last to giveder—all from Belleville; Jrracs Hill of Urbana, Jacob and chivalrous devotion to the rights of the people preeminently do twenty-one miles in an hour, that horse is Patchen; Patchen. The trick was so neatly and quickly done " Shades," in Prince street, sound asleep in a chair.Mauer, Jacob Knoebel, Charles 8. Churchman, and fit him to rescue the General Government from the grasp or theunprincipled and reckless men into whose hands it has lallen, and, with a good day, a good track, his great stride,. employes of theExoress at Dry Creek station, named5 JcwApl>le^te,ofLotii8filIe, Ky.; Raphael Loscier, ' of Camdeu. near Lexington. Mo., and James Alcott,' <ff Utah, have been murdered by the Indians.; A command of ^00 men, under Lient. Weed, were to ' p^feeed fheiiext day, Jnne 4, to the scene of the dif-*depredations have beeninstigated by whites. A rumor for $3,000. The latter was valued at $15,000, and' .ers who have appeared at Richmond, in behalf of the a stallion from 1852 to 1858. Except at agricultural his long, low rate begins to draw him up to the mare,Upon being taken to headquarters he- voluntarily handed over the draft, and said ho committed the act because his employers gave him such d—d mean wagesneolfie**, to chastise the Indians and reopen the road as soon as possible. Every effort will be made to rees-placement of a switch.Burnins of Steamers.ST. LOUIS, Tuesday, June 12,1860.riotic Administration, which will bring back the policy of the na-tion to where It was left by the Fathers of the Constitution, would carry him through a winner over both time thereby restoring domestic p«ace and tranquillity to the'country, and distance. • ' ' V W e rally around~ him as our National standard bearer, mid shallcontribute our most earneit efforts to the achievement ot ms Patchen was foaled in 1819; got by Cassius M.Roes, the engineer. The accident occurred by the dis- and are a sure guarantee and pledge of u faithful, wise, and pat- his untiring bottom, and strong courageous heart,that hewas carried oft"his legs, and went sky-scrapingwith the look of a badly-beaten horse, as the little petopened off a wide gap of four or five lengths, andthere was but little more thana half mile to go. What —only $3£ a week—and ho worked; hard enough* horse could, catch Flora and beat her in half a mile Smith, it is supposed, has been engaged- for some timeshows,inwhich hewas exhibited,andatwhichhe trotted, he never appeared in public until he com- menced his trotting career in October 1858. With the exception of the season of 1857, he was kept as a stal-when,illluck!awayhefliesagainintotheair,andoff speeds Flora until she leads at least five lengths.When she reached the half-mile pole, Talman had once more got Patchen down, and in his stride butRAiLRoAp.-^Thcbusinessof>has been refused supplies of certain popular weeklies ' i December • • • • • » • • » • • • . . 4 . . . . 520.JJ96 shown at the U. S. Agricultural Society Show at Phil- but /.Tahnan seemed to think otherwise, and when his i ;-,! January.. ..^. 387,128fortherequirementsofhiscustomers. Heiswillingto adelphia,andtrottedandwon. In185Ghewasshown horsehadcooleddowntosteadiness;-herousedhimup .;|f February., ...'. 402;$30•that he will survive this effort, and that the weeklies ho beat Homing Star and Woful, to wagon, in. 2 ness, and brimful of game. The turn was made; the jThe increase is equal to If per cent outh* capJSaathus refused him will not increase their own sales by minutes 38 seconds, and 2 minutes 332 seconds. In the mare caught, at the pole, collared—and now began theSpring of 1858 he made a season at Bordentown and in grand struggle for the heat. ,four years of age, test evening fell fro» the fcwtb. s W r of held their Annual Convention last week at Philadel- heats, hi-2 minutes 29 seconds, to wagon. The same alone is to give the lead. Both begin their work as if her father^ house in bW-fifAh street, »etwOBroaSuthusiastic. The annual address was delivered by Br: at Bordentown in 2 minutes 31 seconds. In the Fall Away they went head and head; yard by yard theF. B. McManus of Baltimore. The next meeting^ to of 1858, he was matched against Ethan Allen, in.har- horse works up—half the distance covered, and he has I The ehokra^raging with great violence on the M*.the Fall,of 1858, at Somerville, N. J.,be won at mileTne Sonsof Temperance. phia. Themeetingwaslargelyattendedandveryen- Autumn,riddenbare-backbyBuckley,he did a mile theyknewitsimportance,andthevalueofthe result. ^ , andwasimtantlykilled. { \ p^JSSSS?Untitled Documentand that he was in condition drawn to a feather's held the ribbons over Flora Temple in the bate contestin ^eiinawi * ^ ^ i n ' ^ 3have routed her to one 6t Jierflighte & fepeed,>4M the pacehadtaken>theflight<m*ofher, and^iaow^nljr threw her of her feet. ; Hoi the «aperl«r4&n*# the1 April, r; hlMay..•*•••4 • ••«••«.  