 .National Poruaitand more. It is cosmopolite ^ well as,to be made inallresprctsthepoliticaland TlieKingthoughhis 1846agaihsttheequallylawless extinction ofcontempt.5^*a**»^'-^?^';;,73X:>afhtayiiigi,ftii ttsnMMapiWtBri Aenaanwier aaiat be:.:?i^S6i#^r; -«*'•4 Wtb^ wliole ctmatrj tmtOa wtfii intease in- Since thattereat the remit of aext Tneadaj's election in been stndionsly persisted In, year in aad year woald be anwortty of Gabibaldi to suqtect great principle which now fences Italy frtmi^'"^—mt, CKUtBatLAta, first mate, tot^^miSMtmBin a more splendid'"'^«1: ThsJapaneae were spending momentous a question into Congress, in the with theirlook with favor upon a new Hungarian revo-and musical flre'wlilchheSlgnoi Baiamu obuged «s in the second set ^K-tean ab from Tsani's " openof Lonlsa»'—Baosii tad IrenlBC—iT*'[Iitntnrn Taw.periodmiaiepreaeatatlonIt folioVredFKrBWS oife aPHE day.;g ,-.siei^-»jMTtfaft for lUivana. The Llb-of be mis- led into throwing their weight into the Anti-Ae-i^^mf-ff'iU'Vff'**'^ s<iiladron,j^iir^ it rrmmr'nnrl the ai^tieciatethe real nature andSclavonic East of Eiirope, occnrring at the would, without doubt, avert any serious ef- would be the knell of Italy in all thoughtful barrass the relations of Russia with theoootant^aa iiiiliiiiij iligw liiilithecanIs an gingru>anewpartsliraireah,aadasUieproTeri> MiBHI«M aSscMd, that he had hrHcd the a contest would be protracted day after day, '^0tki*vcrtinlh%\fiaato with constantly increasing excitemeat in Con- from Sandy Hook. Thenewal of the grand conspiracy of 1815 against independence.gether the menacing importance, for the rest of Europe, which has been so liberally con-'r frarffriy Onotr^lJi^ aa(L ptitook ^a grand dinner.^ will go to Bichmond. same authorities, the negroes of the South arc too,a trifle uncertain as to whether he could onthe lawless inter-"the mighty parent" with a thousand new and vari- place for horse-steaUng, in the presence of a laisePMtjittW',ttttuhactitbt* aeiioaa Maaq/^ at iMUnoMap ItHyaadher aattonl deretopneiBt fl»Jdltl-eoling and taking in water, was gress and throughout the country Would gestions set forth above are beginning toIf it were true that the Emperor Alexander ferred upon it.,F«reea« Fleet.and.Pf<d deliiiaaido (m the 15th of August. not thousands from both the North and theforce their way into the minds of men in the extreme South, where the greatest danger ex-of Russia had indeed determined to let"iViuib, wUch reached this City South gather at thefiom Boatoii.'we reeeiTe London andby- Hapsburg,the worldno doubt at ail that it will do it,t» the IMeager partisanssides, readyr^metia.tives of due weight.willthe mattertainlyStatesunusual enough to attract attention.',slaves,tolearn speaksteps, are in aCapitol to watch the con-eaieinteresting. Wehaveof tte da&at of Gen. La- smoldering fires of the country into open out-with the House of duringNaw-Oaiuas, 'Friday, OeLA. The steamer Atlantic, fioB Brazos 29th olL, kastotkoBetdegnqdted from^tat tiN deiafls deriyed-fniD our foreign gage in street collisions, which might fan theEmperor Napoleon,att. todoriie. The ad- test, M' late giveists.the»whose remarks are dorsed by the Mobile Mercury, saysbetween Qabibaldi thfeateil aaitoaa eaoiisquen-break and revolution fThese are points to be carefully consideredwere further to understand that Prussia had resolved to cement this return of the greattq the join^Soe Italy miuttlupeone who desires to the preservepeace.infinitely greater if the election goes to the House, than if Lincoln is elected President byloan auttetities. Tte Bpaalah Commadora OattUmtk^^- ".Pennsylvaniagivedays of the Congress of Vienna are past never.becominga contributor to is ^newspaperga has occurred at the South,losaof.Uiie and great dam-lAs the one which occurred riaca,itappearstoiia«eextend- Gulf coast. At Xew-Orleajismostlesolting fh>m it there is es-theyand the doctrine ofilafbiywasseriouslybut let them retrace theirsabmerged. Eleven miles of theIbe.mpa^rty-to the grounds, where they • ' ' '^fhlthat tlie exaggerated." pro- getstion of tte Maria SpaaishtiaikConccyeiMi by tte Ibit-.^aretothererolotioa, u)^ both, licpub- dangerIn their presenceandNorthern Empire to the ranks of the—or take offence, and more than likely to en-gonesbygonesas it is now re- ported, make one of the grand party.BONKSK Againby everyWt learn fkat Uu idemof prevaiU to a very considerable extent among them, that mist the adhesion of allgnady)idi«nBd,- are too MnsitM and kw violeiiee, of armed confliet and of secession ishearing.Legiti-' Protestant under her own direction, there would'.r aqytluiK to stand in the way of ceiaplete Uboation. It is stated, :e^ that file Pope, in his forth- wfllannouneenisdetermina- If his Hcdhiess ^tonld do thismatters very much and openIn our judgment thecrusade, bythe people.judge for himselfther if they hope to avert the danger. They ture must correct the misrepresentations which European';and we hope the Conserva-thespectacleof a President of the United.A Real Danger to the South.The following is his reply to Mr. Bonner's re- dreamsofLocis quest:$600,000 for tte same purpose. Tte rangnaid «( J^ Jon bothA country paper in Alabama, called theshouldtheOfthis, however, every one mustreal whichnowmenaces dangerwiththeand XIV. and the theological Quixotism of Philip Mt Dzap. Sis : I have received your favor of the 3d visions were expected to te soon before tte dty.The onlythe peace of the Southern States, results fromcease to discuss politics in the presence of the it, sleepsLiberal army had arrived at Tacnteya, and olbv di- quest and furnish you a sketch of the life of Anatber Steambaat Explaslaa aad Fesifiri- -the studied, persistent and extravagant mis-the truth.Theywaythese political desperadoes to impute the most thathave been Aqron Citf, rmmtacfa^f i.'*»»-fe.MMnirJ-bacoo was brMdy dealt in. lbs fiai^t engage- morenients to the ftbe created lathe OABiaALDi sgalnst ments were moderate. « hopesicy whidk«an jsstliy' teoewal of oiSeialthe that a antieipstton,«rtto RapakUnaeaadUKM. Wa:,^-^^.- : iS^-.-.\4iiki-^?^-Si>S^the aager ud the overwhelndng Confessed to have IMa eeMidarMy impafie£ the aattifiM of maay Urea. Leadiag' Soafli- power of sB Barope ia anas. Whatever There iaaeitalaly ^UUag ia the actual re- TatStDme,oai, Bice aad IMloarareraaahft. Ta- ein jatmiala ehaiged theae inanireetfoaaiy aaar *>• tte personal animositiea of lafioaa.<Hrjiie Sastdan witk (be Austriaii pol-oeeaRea, wUeh weaaot aajfiwtaei bat b7on^as,Cavoub,Tke Ptaasrinnda Aeottea. of the pnrpoaea of the BeptMieaa Pai^. soldieiB shonld be iacapab'.e of rendering jas- Courts of St. Petersburg sad VieaaaiB to beit is breuta of alavaa by Demoeraile" statenteata aoaaetvaMe that the bravest ofhardly ItaUaaWttbUsMglBttheFennqriWiit. It wip go very Ax towards de- out, for the simi^ reason that the him of patting himaeU^ in propagaad-stateamen.a demonstration against by jointthemattersciding the contest It is trae Fosna is the ists of Slavery have little else to say for then- aa di^oBUtoy, npoB a level wifli tKe Premier to mar her own destiny. \^ntoBs« totwe flonoflof tbettoal' tbeounaticaaadMate of both of the Democratic wingsselves. Their own oatragea upon the rightsof YmoBPaity, and Us soroess wiU not, therafoTa, im-ply ihe defeat of Ltsoou in KoTember. StiU nry are too monstrous to be defended, and aly tha life aad soul of an unsnrpassed intel- aggressive alliance with Austria, which has &B moral effect of a Democratic victory now their only hope of retaining power, is in the lect throogfa long, and doubtful, and trying done more than any other Power to thwart her wDa]4 bci erjr great, not only in Peauu^TaBia efiect of their misrepresentations of their op years. But it is the fault of Mazsi- at Constantinople. But both in the East and itsdf, but in this State. It would giro in- ponents. There is now {real and immineat I and hia friends that they have in the Mediterranean Russia has something to creased courage aad hope to the Fo^n moTe- danger that this systematic indoc^ation of wearied the whole wmdd with their lose by snfiering it to be believed that she hascertalirlbr Lircolk, and woald be widely re- i^CWfifoKfarfl^ ip execa- garded as deciding the Presidential cont^t.A violent convulsion in nesday^ ereali^sfae Hungary,provoking ber.^-FistrtU,ia<;£«;|MMMa,»andtiatLeHyip*Bt»mrtfcni.surrectionary scheme, whatever be the result her deliverance. Tp see such men as these a general commotion tlirotigfaout the whole eided sneat titamph:^ OMsaarpatfn athe exception ofpending contest, theyscarcelyeitraordlnaia^WIIIAit^lileArJta.<of fireedom, and their fraads upon the Treas-an has Russia to anythinggain byan sad openL tii fiota XeilMi }>y way meot The eleotloa of Cuanv, the Bepabll- the negro raee arith the idea that it is to be BMrUd and suspicions egotism. 'Conspirators entered upon a course of determined hostilityflttiljKiHatIhe'inlc«nlem-. caacantfdateforGoremor,onUiecontrary, liberated andputonanequalitywiththe inthenameofpfailoeepiiy,OteyCannotreap- toAustria. TheTurkishpear,thoughripen- WisPMtoUcM^W^dr^r-f^.f.i^-e-mo*"i^fit i^S»fl^htA Mitid wenUjfeadeT the viite of Pennsylrania very white a is about pear on the scene of Italian without dis-ing fiut, is not yet ripe for Russia.•mpteiylliq.,Hpitii|h OoiAmo-race, by Republican triumph,to bear its natural fruit, in a wide-spread in-policyheartening all who eare for Italy and hope forIfthetrueConservativesofPennsylvania oftheelection. TheelectionofMr. decisivecontrolovertheconduct LiNCOur, acquire anytion.We are glad to find that the facts and sug- liberal ideas and nationalWe have little doubt that it will very shortly explain itself in this light toaad in-"We would say to Southern men everywhere, and Russian influence in the EastwithKimeo, twnnd to 'Veim Crnx, ashore near tte WDlfwiThe Atlimttc briaas sdTlces CmmIng tte report of tte toil oondemaaUoa and coniseas.' Y.Reporter,quoted :arrived,$4«,0WiB«eeie.Shei^Mrts ito^^'' "adopt a more vigilant system of police and patrol regulations. Keep your slaves at home, and worth- less white men off your premises. Dont talk politics;celebrity.and that if a Slack Re-publican is elected Pretident he will tet tkem allj^et." Germanya Black RtfUblican it a negro ;tmottfltSt Bpmuii»tuUron,itnikt'well for a theAlabamaeditorsmustgoagooddealfur-.This is doing verybeginning.one Acoiutectawith.$1,200,000,farTaapiao,hadta^-^"-Butindeed be reasonenoughfor more stHnethingand their leader, Mr. Yancet, have made,and which have led the negroes into thesecrude mistakes. Let them, therefore, not as Metteknich and Castlxbeaok luderstoodCapitaL.-The back pntion of the city representations of the principles and_purposes to learn the value of truth for once, and we three sovereigns, whose presence in the an- WjLUAH.LowsDEs, as toon a^ pO(>£:fble. He was oneof the greatest, wisee^t and purest statec^men that barethem. It is better that men cient Polish capital must force afresh upon ever adorned our couutn*, and yet his has memorythan the memory of all mankind Uie atrocious bar- been sadly neglected. The truth is that my public duties occupy my whole time at present. I liad hopedI.aas af Ure. WASanronHr,were washed away, together of the Republican Party, by Deipocfatic dema- (B^otuBhei of houses on the route. gogues. It seems to be the chief vocation ofOct S,BiQroadon the Uississippi Biver was also very "iar of ateandraats being blown ashoretsonk.Bayou City, plying between Gal-ISpWMOn, Texas, exploded her boiler a 'iBUag a large nomber of persons, t^-hands am- negroes. Hie exactcongratulate should be honestFriday,theythe utility of truth is made so conspicuous to those who have no natural love for it.but In this Inot before, I hope to furnish you the sketch soon regulariy tetween Galveston aad Haoskm, aearLyncfaburgh, with a foarfiil loisaf life. Tte totalnumber killed and wounded isknown to be killed principally bdoog to tte boat tai werenegroes.TherewasalargeUstofpassmgeiB. As far as known the explosion was caused by ia- crustatlon by salt water on the boilers.diabolical aims to the great party, which, underthe forms of the Constitution, is about to as-sume the administration of the Federal Gov-ernment. According to their enemies, the Re-publlcan%'artyaimsatnothinglessthanthe IfItalywerebuthalfassafefromherfriends Russia,PrussiaandAustriacombined RotEiiBCX.VEF,Esq.Cavonrand Garibaldi.guinary strife.ihml Walea and suite, accftidingto immediate destruction of Slavery in the States ; as she is from her foes, we might look upon fpr dynastic intervention in Italy would A Broadway Valhalla. [laanonneement, visited Mount Vernon and to effect this object, the Constitution the sternest crisis of her history as already not indeed find before them in 1860 the OPENlSG or BRADY'S NEW GALLERV.jUawdllilHiiiliiil by the President and mem- still at the Vati- Oa^^ianet. The revenue-cutter Harriet is to be trampled under the unhallowed feet past. True, the Pope lingerseasy and supple Cabinets of forty years ago. Broadway is not merely a great "institution" I.yBehiD« of Twa Horae-Tkieres at Fart;iiUdiwasgailydecoratedfortheoccasion, ofAbolitionincendiaries,thesovereigntyofcan,perhapsunwillingtoinflictuponhis AmarchfiromWarsawuponTurin,byitself—aninstitutionwhichalltheworldmaywellbeSaiitk,Ark.FosT Shith, Ark., Thursday, Oct. 4.ThisMabiinH.Johnstown, Bates County, Mo., "(ras hung at tUsofsee-(dijects of interest. The ernment of the Union is to become a consoli- ing him depart from the dominions which they afford something more than a spec- is also a sort of Banyan tree, continually sending outaS^periiitendentwletom, proceeded to the residence datedal)out 3o'clock, a* man nmiyidityadafternoon, GiuiAH,a^iiu Wm.ofwith due forthe States is to be overthrown, and the Gov- French defenders theanguishdespotism.tributary" institutions," which swell the interest ofi^wen, fanaerlyextremeIf we are to' believe the have so pl^infuUy preserved for him,—perhaps, tacle to the Western nations which lookedin 1820ta are bemg made to induce the Prince not only to be made free by an act of Con- more <)l)lige his enemies than by taking him- vention of Austrian bayonets throughout the ous interests of their own. In Broadway all ii«er- concourse of citizens. He was arrested some weeks^«a^ partytranquilly_jMs'stay at the South.S^nfABV reached Buffalo on hia return fromIgress, or by the habeas corpus, but they are self comfortably out of their way.iFIsthing approaching to the result which the*"*"" '• •*""'aad BmreAH, second "mere that suspiciontheyentertainsentimentsAnd back of all these ministers of mischiefrisii.gsphere.morning,and discussed,'.^Awakes. He will reach histo their slaves.last advices,preparingtheir laces and their ribbons under frescoed ceilingshe was taken to tlieCosnty Jaili to-day.•Can;alwaysporches,and seamstressesmaywhich has bean in session for severalltaB,adjoaTned yesterdayt Oleve&ndiOfaio, as the next placepast,name,longBoard concmred in the import- ^JMMC next year, for the purpose r^dMt«ft}|B«<mcem. TbeChero- waa' disMitfintied, on the ground thatandattemptedof legitimacy to assert itself as the controlling street, but hidden there in a chaos of hair-dressers,.an.niaw * PM<iii*B nati<HLdegradedwould beof the steTe-haik Orsoa, who have ttnjtlia BoatoD forbeing engandinthe ""a,' were yestardqr sentenccd-^oBGAK,Isight-teers^whMl:haa «ee to the first of ItaHaaSiiuroza, or of assailing the htmor and Ihe hoaesty of a man who has given to It-Neither in the East nor in the Mediterrane-Western Powers, and imperil her own do-fiwS^'.^liiUeb tkeitemonatra- Fusionists, is not simply ^between the election produce an instant revolt of the slaves. secure such a control, but we cannot yet per- accomplishing one of the grandest social TlM ctaaiBCter of Unda belongs, both mosleaUrMC'''but nothing is more proba-t^ the O^iMlxihiMo be prosecuted with of one candidate, or the triimiph of one party, The aeceders have the slaves mit ourselves to believe that they have revolutions recorded in history. The eman- dramatieally, to' the nataral riptnaire of Kiss F«t<eiMuso.iiad aitaail »<coHdticta with impressed^od DoBLAM had afleeted almn of and another. It goes far beyond this. The with the belief that the " BUck BepaUicaas" achieved it.Her emooois never ttae tato even the semUane* <- '—rladge of the Eng:lish lan^^nage, eat-peculiarclearly to compel the demagogues who have done the mischief to retract their falsehoods,Europe Qaestion.MlUer," wSZ' the beeBsaaexa4'BttW'<aabefitre. reportedin to tryingmind andlution and ;.j'-^ad ptaiyJBf 'publicand the Italiaanebe as sangasweUtheirpeculiar games.seems to belonger any reason toout t)ie his eveningsaeeaas ef^vw'to'tbtfmovements of the -flnd the recent capture of Stiu', which recently arrived ^ MPiM^Wbmii captwed just pre-nM«tsherletta, aiu OD Monday thenbnae doses for the Vti^mriilalli11asvery, pf Washington, Jeffer89n, Madison and' attend upaB.fS»r:excited state of thecan be more natural than that the Czar should do allpresent in theL1KC01.N could possibly l>e chosen by the pres- ent nouse. Is there any doubt that Southern uHraists would resort to bribery, corruption,we of our correspondents' letters. menace, and violent collisions in the House io of itWstated, tlJul ho hesitation in in- settinging interview of Alexander and Francis Jo- seph becomes an act at once intelligible and discreet on the part of the former sovereign,of 'Wales and the inevltaUebaU. ^^, IlIP(»tT&IIT FSOM MEXICO.*—Deyutare af Oe SlpiligHb;us, Ce' ^ue/etnm* vrnt^DOu levent. Miss PAXKiWt-We remember that it is the in-risttnalBk^ftODegt manner is point to be tested is, whether the Piopli shall have no other aim but to set them free, and terest of all who hate Italy, and long for a not to be attempted with indifference in the act, in wbidi the veneiaMe parent of i,tn*r, ia^f^i^^ofthe RussianNiagart, which left the people elect anybody, it Will be Lihcoln. If that the only way to avert the consequences we prefer to await with yet unshaken ponfi- all the Polish dominions of the Empire. If lament aad be mi«rieal||t aiiserabla. Miss PAaaOmtm20,000,000 of Muscovite5f;liM Vangoud <f the Liberal army had elect their President, or whether the election is it probable that, with snch hopes, tlwy will legitimist reaction, to spread throtigfaont the midst of a series pf political e^ilosions along rejects the gold ^rtisk he supposes to toshall be thrown into the House ofRepresen- quiet^ submit to being taken from under theworld the notion that the Dictator of—frontier explosions invcdvingwsges of his dan(Wer^ shame; w'l A^Naplesoai correapondente on tatives and then decided by States. If the " Black Republican" rule ? And is It not clear is succumbing to these fatal influences. And very possible revival of dormant passions in iariliu, the lUlal ioprmd having UMle to ioimf^^Of file htmieward-bpundstriuigth of this««M Aes wflk ttej^^ll.! IBth of Jnly, and reached he is defeated, the electionto the House.of their own falsehoods, is to acquiesce in thedence the coarse of Victor Emandil in thecan facilitate the efibrts of the Aus- equal to Its.requiremeats. For the imti-ot llii mma -the Coast of ef J^ognst, Moit. of coal andgoesThe Union men profess to dread the re- election of Mr. Lincoln, like good citizens ?anythingIVildsI'aan^on" "abe sang it with a fioancy aad graceofaB'.•tthetoifrate ofroeed exhibited by ther^t$Jaota per hoar by the log being the they never think of the danger of throwing so all the peace and safety -that are consistent demonstrations of the Mazzinisti at Naples.woitkytheparty of princes whoble at Warsaw in the beginning of the presentmonth, and the alarmists everywhere are doinginstitution, their course isAustria and Rassia at Warsaw—surely, therefore, nothing'ntaafaiofiimiah nawith interest- House i It is moraUy,certain that nobody but and teach th^ir slaves that the Republican doubt that the Emperpr of Austria is to make that in him lies to develop this conviction at pleasant Mara, very pTiisssnny lendeted. *presentcondition ofpartiesin theif it tad-sotmannerbora, andtftogeeier cuiUilbuledflumuj."Party occupiesClay ; that they have no thought or purposepositionregards'The CnalsraH»B •f thaThnaiCMd llMtk*rdsa«at af Ta» laterferenoe 'af tke AaMrieaa Vmtit "*the slaves free, and thatMteltvl'tiieStmJaciiilo,bywhich preventsucharesult?Isitnotcertainthatsuch promptlyputdownanyattemptatinsurrec- anomenofevilforItaly,inthethreatenedre- aswellasofthelatter, whileit losesalto-theywilltheirbestto translate this circumstance intobeto forget the attitude of AustriaCrimean War, and the ceaseless intrigue/ of;Austrian Russian interests diplomacyagainst— !thanas tofreedom. For the althoughvessel,to return;right Divine,It is stated that Doblabs had eAetsd a loaa ^- 'anxiety ofthe immediatefu-erablePresident. Wehavenodoubthiscontribu-uponItalian Peninsula, and gently remonstrated in rhants become princely, all trades palatial. The old since, and an effort made to hang Mm, during wliiekand familiar while in tte act of escaping. His wounds were seri- brother, ous, and medical treatment vrss afforded. As sooa latter class is not to be forced into subjection ments in the Bay of Gaeta, was still, at the Republic of Cracow. The public opinion of commerce by retail, threatens to become ridiculous in as his Injoriss would adailt of bis being re-Francis of Naples,fncdred by a large crowd. He held a Asocial equals of the whites, if, indeed, the Spanlsli steam-cdcort still awaited his move- the last gleams of liberty in the guaranteed entertains for its more homelyhia ffrCwceks' Western tour, yestenfey afternoon, jrllle hooae of Hon. E. G. Spacldihg, and i'te^ Qcech In the evening he was sere-Idway last evening, and unanimously he disastrous ? Can they fail to inspire the survived its ancient reputation for seductive into action 1at Tan Buren andmorning letaiaadprovinces, might still be regarded as a danger- of mankind. Not a slave in the ous enemy, in the event of anything like such Sonth but pants for freedom, as the heart a serious reaction from the revolutionaryany age of the world, among the most debasedside beplayed. Ifattempted as the last effortpanteththere any solidperfectly panoplied partially recovered, he broke jail and stole another How infatuated, then, or how reckless must gencies of modern warfare.againsthe was wounded severely by a gim-shot. Havinggroes.jiiakc.-,vote of tte Prudential Committee, dlsconttrnilag.water-brooks.The movement as might be anticipated in the event suppres-and miscellaneous men of bazaarsfor thesionofallCreedomofthePress,andofspeech, ofawithdrawalfromItalythe hatred of Abolitionists, thein otherfrom the magnificent convention of crownedVigilance Committees, and their bloody and brutal pun-words,toirasdcoinnaadeBf^ to 43,000 fine and two ishments of white men and negroes, upon the than by the heroism of their leaders.to make headthe ocean of revolution at the Dykes of Capua# Greenwood, whence te escaped last night, aad to facilitate his Sight, stole another horse, bpt.wssa Power able-an Judiciary Convention met at daily uttered in the presence of slaves, fail to and as the strength of that fortress has long coerce the most apathetic of Governments buy their wedding-rings in ornamental halls, it is ab- retaken thisthe effect of such monstrous statements,in the last resort, to and within marblesurd to pooh-pooh the mercer and the goldsmith inVan Bubin for Becorder, ini.1SDX08D8, who declined to run.o' seemed disposed at one time to in the breasts of negroes? He who lulls him- Bomba could hardly be driven from the banks cious and too daring to suffer' himself to be man industry will have Its representative palace alongkBx-Jiidge CowLES, but that gentleman, self into the belief that they are indifferent to of the VuUumus without a sharp contest, if driven into the leadership of this irresistible the line of our great thoroughfare ; and scarce a^B.andthe Ex-'a member of the Convention, perempto- rfly declined. Mr. Van Bcrs> has held oflSce in Csvfbma, but never in this City.andmonth passes over one's head that we arc not calledIhe were really in earnest,could countwhenthose of France. A new parody upon the ~Ci8AK Ai;6rBirs did for Rome.last_ evening, it was resolved to have an-, "^indifference to aone hour of which Mr. .Jeffersonbeaten oir-ae 19thber, with serious loss, still held Ancona withThe latest'tion of.the Wide-Awakes of New-degreeop-drama of theHolyAlliancebeginningScarcely had these proceedings ended wten la- otlier prisoner was brought into town, charged wffiimost sanguine hopes of immediate liberation attractionsdemoralizing delights,The day is not fardistantwhen every branch of hu-Such passiveofof Septem-to come off after the Pennsylva- pression,^^be &ne to be designated hereafter. declared to be more odious than whole ages a powerful garrisonLauorkif.re,now at Warsaw, would be more likely to find itsofevening throvrn open to the inspection of the curious in such matters, and of the wise Gothamites of the Press,^ _can Board of Commissioners for For- of that against which the American Colonies paralyzed himself for offensive action, or for na than at Rome and Paris. But of the water. For months1,;.street,taiyksra^and,sameoffence. Hewasexaminedontte confesseii the crime of which te was aeensed, aad hurried to tte fatal spot, and soon swoag by tha sMa • of his brother in crhne. Tte second- Tietto- vaa* Choctaw half-breed, named Shoax. Tte bodias«i4biat : be taken down till to-morrow. The eitlasasbecome gre .tly incensed against h«rse-ttie*o^ *sat,.^mi!^-.i;*^:i-;.V-< .-K'weUimportance and the peaceful acquiescence of the South, of the most popular of Italian chieftains, present moment, must at once seriously em- no ordinary shigfs;. on .theIndications abound in the recent Euro-^litd cone into tteJ^HMnimion of Bepabiican scale. The issue, as made by the ble than that any attempt at secession would pean intdllgence of their desperate efforts to mestic peace. The Czar is on the point of night attacked part anaber two, and omqnrasAILforts at rebellion ears.and if we anotherMexieo-eo^Ufe'.'--dynasticn., the military power at the disposal of the inst., andshall most cheerfully comply with your re-and truthful fromshould be false. It is not oft« that gains which obliterated Poland from tlie list 1 might enjoy some leisure after the adjourmnent of the explosion of tte steadierpolicy,The Xew-OrleansPicayuneofthe 3d reportsof States, is still formidable enough in itself,dis«{>pointed. Ifand sufficiently loyal to the banners of despot- ism to menace Europe with a serious and san-after the 4th of March. This from me will be a tribute not only to justice but to gratitude. ^.onknowa. /Thoaaway of Berlin and Vienna, would now excused for determining once in its iifc to see. ItthenaturalprogressofBroadway. Whenladiesbuyagainst the West has now attained the proportions of moved,thisrinedi4, revolted,is impossible. Itneverexistedin thereliefofthePapalauthorityintherevolted such a parody would not on either synonymouswith"imperialfull-lengths"andfreshof the sympathies, -which have thus fer been secured to her by the moderation of her people, not lesslaith tli^ji by sight to the who as-Hiciate his name with one of the e.'tiiblislied pleasures of the .'Mrtropolis. In that there has bien an cccuiialion of Bkadi. portentous to thosehostile to SIkvery, all confess the conscious- lowers the portentous shape of Austria in London Timms somewhat de- prematurelysome time a from the Committee, JirJ>«s report, ateiad to t«ni'J|arte,ibIeves at have not the least faith in the rosc-colored slain, less formidable than of old for attack, Austria and Prussia ?Jzsscr, Chairman, to which was referred tte sobjeet goingAn effort wasfame 0? them, namedMAKTiH N. Gil- pictures of the happy contentment of the ne- but still tremendous in defence against an^oitITedneaday.worthytolakrits placewiththemostsignificantby rising, expressed their concurrenceintteliam, 8om£ areeks ago, but in as to attemptfor all the exi- toescapeenemyEuropetlienotif it were directedtriumph in Italy of the principle of non-inter- Bkabv Las now op«iitJ. throws a marvelous light the Cherokee Mission, on the ground of that bejag -h2"»i2^ ^hich to escape, but he was recaptured be the Southern demagogue who propagates These are perils in the path of Italy which vention. This principle is now put forth by upon the means which wt shall bequeath to our pos- now a Christian nation, was approved. Fotuleea |M*IMiy- The other victim, being brought in the statement, which if he is able to read he no wise Italian patriot will underratedoav Be excitement the attending;and EnglandandbyFrance,and,sincethepeaceandelected, Clevelsad,ttriumphinthe Presi-for the Italianmightwasno great advantage to us, but, In our children's imprisonment in jail for two years. forllow her to trot, for which va-Bkowx was harmlesssuppressed, from Waterloo tothe Great, as he sat at the•'wher cup ith sumptuousgmia was too BCeoft, at Chambers, vesterdav, itated by sane mmtty'a^on'ss to the appointment of a Be- party which is about to ^'jl.^ewpiderwas allowed, under the Be- ilential contest is determined toligned.systemthe idea that the mihtary powerCourt, as foUowsTboxas Meaosa, part owner of the vessel,'^"'itMi nM&big the defendants to show ag^'jiSiiietua sboold not issue. That oOa is returnee this day, at 12 M. In the Ma- rt»M5onrt, Heenah is sued for a balance aUeged to 'ka^theWmcheaterHousefortheboardofAdahope_negroes equal to white men, is thefinding for tlieWauTDoasAi., second twenty-one months in jail.iSf'-^- »>*.»- St i3":^it&^'Untitled Documentxdtement is uudiminiabed in the Stock public safety.[h ratuiing yesterday in the of^osite tthedaytefore. Fiinmesawasfullynational. introduces celebrities, ranging over twoCslifor^iia^I-the hearte of the negroes forlong lingered,^\*7'lt?eS days ^d sixtenrs. NoOiiagtone of the and re- dealings, pricescent, from the extreme de-in which he has soand great detriment of Christendom, andparedactivity."" rhctl:.:S''.:S°tXredup*- to tte thte-of *pr-Koney worked fairlv active tion. an, bot the demand less gr-to catch hhn in Mr. Baasi'i aU gailery, for^^^^USSSttorvi^.comIgladlyand theof Eur6pe is now ruled by a man too saga-;favor of the Indian magnate or tlie China shipper.place,summary punishmentsgattweaklyat all, itforce ofEuropean reason,therefore,tosupposethat it will belate their offences have teen teld asd haiBeioas, ud he 'the of the law oa thta firoBtier operationsbeslowsndnaeertato.European policy.glove-dealershas been Bsaev rather;& to kwWBstrongest military,Statewherewas'their condition, and that they have no aspira-tions for liberty, knows little of human nature, upon the fidelity of any large body of his once he can control it to his own ends and nificent enterprise which is doing for New -York what those present to be admonished by tte exampte be-At a meeting of the Wide-Awake Central Com- and less of the actual condition of the South. troops.fore them. He was then swung up aail the tragedy was concluded.force,by assimiingthatleadershipatupon toctironicle some new effervescence of the mag-these manifestations was on Thursday although practically denoumcnt at St. Petersburg and Vien- by Jlr. BsABT. the prince of photographers on our side thesocelebrities, has entirely disappeared from Broadway. BsADT has been in New-York, of course, and no fur- ther from Ms old temple than at the corner of Bleecker-terity of know h)g \\ hat manner of men and women we were newcorporateinemtierswere. .Ulourbooks,allournews-Party meditate the overthrow df Slavery in the evils which link in the madness and the Russia and Prussia, as the new foundation of be w t ighed yearly by the ton,rather than counted by the and Rev. Mr. Stoxs, after wfaicn tte Board adjoaiaat: f.\meric;iJis of Jl^<iUely seized and consigned to the same must know to be false, .that the Republican yet they are as nothing when compared with of Villafranca, has been accepted by Austria, papers, all our private letters,—though they are all to addresses were made by Dr. PsaaiHS, tte PregAfO^ .'.'(addieas. The weather lias been t.x--moirt of the'^luy reducing the number olegotism of some of Italy's own childrenI if the lives and honor of the men and women who would indignantly spurn the idea of being diametrical converse alike in substance andwIhe millions of we photographs? ^^'^^te'TMclosedyestcritay withspite of the Constitution, and at any sacrificeill 'men international relations in Europe. It is the dozen,— not so betray us to our coming critics as till next year, - -- •"• ".execution,Ohio,chosenforthenextofplace meeting. Partialwe«k, ami this amount to about Iwhat the value rial photographs of thencaiptsvpta the £lmira track yes,-en- Alliance wasjFancyto us would be of a set ofof the South!The Slaveholders have no en-treated as her foes;impe- How conformity many learned trealises we would throw intohis invasion of Vlr- country transparently absurd to be im-liberty.exactly,The wholehiStates District;and makepublic enemy whom the slaveholders have needmate, in.pnsonmentOveriaad Mall.to fear, and whoseThe cause is jast on the calendar, silence, would be justified by a regard for the itsThe newhas beenIt deserves._. Arrivalmail,The Overhmd ^^'\, ,.,^f Ithe 17thUcan Party and its are principlesa eetabUahment of this idea, and must proceedthe typesto enforce it upon the leaders of the great of New York and America have given each other a lesviogofttemaU.punisliment, orof 1848 to armed or at least of diplomatic protest against struck the sword from the its violation.. The sovereigns at Warsaw, ifBrady Gallerybaptized the the name,1 «a#f• ,t1k.e. rallfamlaThese Democratic of the maligners. ciscodatesofdisplay compulsory whichbroughtthethose who labor with him to this end.Repub- preparing bloody insurrec-pre- re-youHad we a Bdzac among us, his creditors might be surethiseveningaretBlDkais i«|«rt a cood inquiry pf freedom, and the belief that their masters insula. The men whose oratory and whose Italian movement. A.Theyinstilling into them thehope journed for ten years the liberation of the-'-:•«*,Themen who are, doubtless,in form, of the principle on which the Holyand in_ rftod. Ibe owner of Fiom the power of evil. The madness of John dure martyrdom in the sacred name of their with which Europe was ruled, or to speak the tea in exchange for a daguerreotype of Alexanbiscmiesc<iual to those, in recklessness, and in ready now, as for years theyhavebeen, tofounded,'.Bosioa,FrUay,Oet&and ofThese men it is who now most seriously Solferino.Lovely Thais,"that orientin).' it was adjourned nntil to-day, gogue who proclaims to the slaves that the people. The conquest of Sicily and of Naples of all the legitimate sovereigns of Europe Well, these we shall never have:LXOXAaD)tt>eArtisans'Bankmat-but theeloquentdema- menacethe new-found future of the Italianreposedupon;gracelawfully be used to maintain the throne them, our children's cliiidren may look hito our very $2,000, and to te imprisoned for two yearse'n^tle*n^c-ea lacause abolish Slavery have inspired theseby Garibaldi, men with theseems to;_Seaieaces af tke 8Iaii»Tradeia af thaOila^morefeast withof ofat Palermo and at Naples new theatres took place in Europe from 1815 to 1850, in children's name, we ought to thank Mr. BaASr andanyof the same theoretical politics which this idea was not invoked in the form ofRomanhand of Charles Albert of Sardinia, terrified they hope to make their meeting anything The ample stairway of rich carved wooduntimely end,the Pope into that condition ofpious imbecilityad- Pen-edJtPtt^m .:.•^ „^ ^^^Republic"C-ma^g^^Friday,Oct.5.to the scandaltostartlethe worid withfell in the EagUsh funds, mu<«t«Mlnthis Stiim-Batie, or Hall of Renown. "fwte, wMe ue to be forced into measures of emancipa- absurdities culminated in the monstrous wkich followed immediately upon the an- In this deep-tinted bixuitoos room, ar* gathered the flattby Hailheiu conquerors at the of murder of Count Rossi, seem to be once Bouncement that Fkavcis Josxpb had been senston and the aeatineiitaliste, tlie bankers and the,Flarid* State Meedaa.BavAaaAB, Friday, Oct. s,pointJOtb bqroaet. Can the effect of such iaculca- more swarming about the Liberator Garibaldi, foimally invited to meet Ub brother soverelgBS t^ natloB^ bft aula oidar wl feaMd Ivtto sinlUi><Ifasean gh» SSOn^Odty fcrMiww.^^ Oonntymore than a pompous parade, mustto a verv Valhalla ofcontinents, and through all ranks of humanpoets, the lawyess aad the dtaiaee of the State and oftiM8 be oiBtaian ? dan they (aU to inspire urginghim to the publication of grandiloquent of Prussia aad S«sBia,wo«id seem to ioipiy fienSImm Hi r^.Tmi—ft or Umlf ot oeMOnted esUaiB» ViuoB's majoittirlntke 9t«te at 2,Mf.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhibe solemnat 8 oc"U^x=t^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^s"e"i-S^^i^^m^immmmmmstory.foreigner,cipationserfs istheDassloaate%ielodraina,ssTalBthat*c<naorttesaas|#'South, before acquiescing in the evil omens trian Government to satisfy .and pacify Hun- Fxasi praise.with jHirtfl»f i>Tl"**f" much disap-- sult of electing Lincolk by the People. Do But if the people of the South wish to enjoy now so abimdantly drawn from the recent gary, it will be the conviction of the Hunga- spirit, snd aained honest platuUts for the draauHaCk>ogreEs;Yours, verv respectfully,J.t.MES BUCHANAX.iattaaacy betweea theof Boiope- the and leaves her free to make or Mass b««oaaml rian leaders that Russia is not disposed to erensecrngtyation of the Sanmud father. threvinteliiBazi'^^iK^"'.'ThereSla- one of the are to assem- once. Interpreted in this sense, the approach- Tj^ni^MissPAmThe Ledger has captured President Buchanan is aboutof its contributors. He^'-Zlong arraymises to commence work as soon as heleisure," which he fears will not be until after the4th of March. And then he proposes to open with to bombard 'Vera Cms far iadeoaity. Ha Cmft. Tsi sti. - a biographical sketch of Williah I.,owndxs, of of Uu Awurican squadrmt, camitmnid ISeSouth Carolina. Tliis is not only enterprising in Spaniarit, and tke wholtMr. BoHNiB, but graceful and sensible in the ven-returned to HaitMnA. ,European order, if not of tions will have decided intrinsic interest, and cer- seized by Dssallaso, wto, tt'was'lxUeTed,waait'VVabuington, Saturday, Sept. 6. 1860.exceptionwhich wholesale commerce he jumped away from the rope, and was gbot down traditionallyGallery.''byattempted, or,heads, now on the point of assembling, any- who luiew the pcrnKini nl 1 icessity of.BiiADy to New- The American Board of Commissioners ofA>r-onment,ateiwittn^BaiieoiiejotJudge nessofthefriendsoftheinstitution,thatthey Venice, armed, truculent, scotched butnot scribesasa"newalliance'"betweenRussia, ascalfandafterafashionwhiclistrikinglyillustrates ofthelatedebt. Theprevailingsentimentwasstrong-Such an alliance could only be threatening :ry inanufatiuusimpor-anticipateTke Sesalaa af tha A. B. C. F. K. BosToa, Friday, Oct. S.York, ofsciiic iieMThe orciltaiicii if ovtn.ow, and al the corner ofeign Missions met early thisforBroaiiway ana 7'iiiih-.-treei Biadt iias reappeared onthe ,;e\-ehiiMiieni ol pliotography into a colossal indus- ly in flavor of forward, and the whole audieaoa,Theiuch im e.-iablitl.nunt possible as this which..f Tliecountry.prosperity whichtance of next yetir not less than $tOO,oao. Tte raisingshall leave behind us.imperial Romans1'dayeof Metternich or an ambrotype of Ciecfatra as she looked when she by Judge SraAsm, tte United.droppedpearlinto"><• wasfi"neJ*:one of their number. No revolution eyes, and judge us as we are. Perhaps this will be BiKos J. CBAMBiaiAra, first mate,:but in default ofcommander at tte ttme of her capture,iwrfomadhis part, too,jostsCanto theofuse tte funds to stqiport tte expeditioa «g«t»««t t^to thisdetermined on. He was led to a tree with tte fotaJ noose adjusted round his neck. Seeliig bo hope of escape te confessed his guilt, manifested coatiitiaa for Ills past deeds, sought forgiveness at tte throite of mercy in a feeling prayer, and earnestly oaUei apoBbaiit Orion were seiH fenced to-day, for tielng. engaged In tte Slave-trade,The officers of theof 8eptemt>er,riv(BieefclBrldgB.1 TwaisnaiBaMa«cks<iiwg»«W«» ..ar^'-  