 ABBIV AL OF THE ARIEL. -rr.--rl.iij.l.u^.-.from tto treaty i t i anted that it would be a m * fiStS*SiJj^ataa pot ts remove, aad without meaning to aatj any m^fLS^:* Mr. HarrU, tto Minister, who ^ " " ^ tesertod, so that Amerioais, ««>wn prying, might not be able to knowfrom toe United States sloop»«. Mary's yesterday from1 knew of the country and the season, I venture to pre diet that theeapeditiao wffl ton flaiture Should it sue-•«nre to* erVunSvo^fy-rvr 1M\X>5M wtVhave tto mret disadvantage}.*,S£22S2V?3g&<Nnaramafesateisiytto coast of Honduras aad b e e torn W tie pcwets vested in Lift to defeat andt ef the country), by disregarding ate wishes. $798,8% IS TttASTOK ON FREIGHT. S3 replied to in a manner becoming the America ,and no better reaaita arose Dram thia meeting than from those meetings previously bald by the Britith. Gen. Dorr, ear Consul, teeing that American interests Ifl^rertiag 9 m from Japan, California, wonM be Jeopardised by loiger continuing the agitation of this ia»4 question, Ilka a troe merchant, anl worthytoomuch bfJeddaanditsafidra Eversincettoteoleted ?rri5JP o D r correspondent going to Jeddo, with the spe- «M permattoa of Ute Japanese government, who had fJAn'.adapaeepoit. aud tinoe the kuown paiicy of the •water to keep ail Americans from seeing Jeddo, the Ja- Pfaese have determined to grant no more passports, save »o the chosen few whom Mr. Harris designates as hisitto ton ilvulteXd tot Vurae time a a 1 The amount req.ir:to test expedition hav- 11 did not teld. is still prevalentthat it was the prevai.iagECruardfeste. But the a xusation ilnHonduma- were taken out to'ore she teft Arpmwall.Tto protaUer Bal Amore, which a said to to tto pioneerof g new una between New York sad Aspinwall via Kingston, Ja, arrived here oa Saturday, the Uto, sad sailed again yeaterday to. New York via Kingston.She brought down a very small freight, and a rev Pas- sengers from Kingrton. She takes hence a tow passengers tor toe same ptecs, anil for New York 134 bates of bark, and tnrre ceroons of hsis. Such a line cannot pay. ^aext ssoato forich e.1 toexercae ailtbe iataiar.B r i t i *Columbia,and South Pacific.intimate frkeds.noouxRY or jarAMBm nxacHxn ntOU* COMMERCE WITH JAPAN.REVOLfiTIOK l.\ KEW GRAN 10A. Attriyt to Assae&inate Presidenttoafeer8ALVAVOB.soujdjst«• pemtttedto'take aff sofaratleastasFrenchporting Itsnors are concerned; properly *f French cttlxena, sig must be paid for to cash at the has, ta comequenoe, been so 1*Ckstlll*,TIE mmOM CLAIMS QfJ THAT MVERNMENT.MftVSMENTS €MP W A L K E R• A * steamship s * f J , froBjrdfcomwaU, with "tto mails MM paesasgers torn left San Francisco oa fee-lit last., •arrived at this p e n yesterday afternoon. The Ariel left Aspinwall August 16, «t twelve 0*010* noon, with11,138specie Latof tto aria—* • > • • • » • • • * A W W D. M -Pasrievenia. rhCO. 27 000 JOB. <SIB—en my interview with you yesterday you rlaced before me a plan of dividiscthe continuation of the loca- ticn occupied by foreigners at Yocahama, amcarjst tnetreaty Powers, en ell negotiations regerdiss; this >sr I have aorer eeatsmplated saoh a dlvtehm, for theUnit it wonM work awalAat injustice,he relative number belonging to each treaty Power are so dlflbrent, sad sash division would not ccly injure those who era tore, aadfaave been long wafttagfor grants of land, but would eeteblAb a bad precedent at the ports to he in future opeoedHn Japan; and, tor UMBO end other reasons personally eapteined to you, I caaaet entertain 'J»e proposition, aadtcuat dissent entirely aerefrom. On the 16th of February iast I approved of various applies ttoa* made by Amertsans for specific graetc of mad at that time unapproprteted, and you were atooat to makeOregon, Centralthe country to represents, determined to enforce oa theauthor it lea to distribute lands to the Amer ictus with '.aetame liberaUtr that they ha i aUotad lands to too. Englishand Dotch. But for this determined stand of UeuTlforr la Unto adrcitneis in cheating, they swear to the truth,ab have toaa** thaitefftteragasbave, Aone year, gone further to deprive toe Unite* Ftatee oi their legitimate ascendancy la those countries than toe eomateeodlpataacyof Uu r^raeajMavraoHiil have gone Ina centtry; and to tto same Muaderiog* aad butoh- eringa the Minister justly aacxteet, at we are all com- pelled to do, the suspicions aid alarms with which erery honest aad-asbte Amerioan project a regarded, sad ttoo(Ptru.mmjmmili mm*mvmhen^ toa*raa*to sad»I8,50* Ctoroy * C-Oauaor. 10 06* !•**3si Am. Kxcheape Bank 98,00*.'leVNs. T.460 . M.OBOJennings* Brewster. 9,008 onlearnag-Df tha concetoion lo the Frencb, had as in I take the tffeerty of suggesting that, as it'te gradually tto Sim isat.E. Kelly *Oo.P.NnylorCoa Co. »••*•«. ••« 181,081terrlew wtth Um Govtraor, sad verbally pretetted fbeing made manifest that toe communication between America and Europe, via San Francisco, wish Japan sad China, w8S"to tto speediest, as well as the moet efficient,We l e a n privately that the party who placed the Pretident rn power are greatly duanttsaod with him, and aicTututtoa m talked of? A rumor bad reached San Jose1 wanted to ooavtrt this beautiful sad luxuriant country with toe platform upon which Dougtatsnd Johnson stead;40000 & Lensburg a Bros, Trevoei*s*-*: Colegete. t(DM8,sm J. Mvavee 2500 Orderinteresting. It is teeoming vary evident that toe trade The Knglieh steamer Bogota, from Valparaiso sad inter-between Japan and California, in ton groat staples 01 tote mediate porta, arrived at Panama on the Oth ins*. Her at the foot of the volcano of Barba, stands the town, or*,000 978 oozes surer "ere; Jos. F. Jcy,4ocountry—viz , tea, silk, raw and maatSJectured, oil, wax, copper, an.—will,'in no very lengthened period, becomecity, of Heredla, on* ef the bsst built, cleanest sad richest te Costa Rica. The solid square towers of the parochial church, white aad glistening ta the sun all day long, arrest tto eye at every point fromlH-Jt*dares are Valparaiso July t« and Oalteo 28th. PJtobrewgbtan freight 8237,416, and Um following cargo ofmerchandae, being tne largest ever brought from t t oWest Coast for transportatten over toe Panaaa fteil-read—Cii*0 pscksgea, consisting or 8,229 bars of cap- Which it may look towards Barba. They areAriel(tailedum :TorNewY'ark" Jamaica.LNTHSSSTEHQMOM JAPAefabrrtwal a>f><lM Stem—»«r C t w l l n 8sV texsfe Onward et SaraJm^an—Imtwrrsttnsr C o a m e r c U l T o m a a d * H a w 8 1 t k 8 T r a d e a r J a p u > a h l p m * a t -*>g Stapplftea Frametoportence. E. M. DORR.OorPaasma Cat11sawusadeaae. PAXAiat, August 16,1888.AFJ1 inwall the United Stales ster? shipl a watone, from- ".a Bach* A •wo Uyn Steamer Batti-leftae15,08* 12,88*Hainat this nnanassinn to iie French, which he folic wed by a written protest, ss tolluwe:—a*8ahitf*Oo.«'0 160 Watts, Hatoi k Coft 0.-4 00.-30,010 CooperOr-yelloiri. "MS To TPwaSmio BAuus, Bsf., American Ministersmediumofnmilcommnr.ication. The pabKo mind is now wasgenerally discredited.becoming so deeply mtorestod ta anything connectei Nxws rami THX sooni TAGIFIC.with our^great proposed national enterprise via the over- now oixoovsRiBS or anrss nr oxnx—Avrastre TOasaassi- land saUread from and to the Pacific, tint say iuiident, «A8B TMB nUBSlDKKT OS rSSHJ—iMXRIfUX CTAIXS 05 however slight, that tonds to ito propufeion, will prove anRr>-Aaxgrne TO vaaxca, n cface of the earth.Nor is it in the fields and Toresta only that these evidenceof progress aad improvement disclose themaelvee. In toe towns there is a new spirit astir, and the men cha-ged with their admm istratten are exerting all thair power to introduce tto beat reforms. Aa hour's ride from here,party, and that Breckinridge and lane, the loaders otthe opposition movement, should be repudiated by everypatriotic cititen ta tto land. Tto address is signed byGovernor Downey, Eugene Casseriy Richard P. Hammond, Joseph P. Bone, Gen. McDougall and a large number of tbe most worthy'men in toe (Mate.The bona tor ebn teh graph petes are dug as far ss Los Angeles, sad tto wires will be stretched ia a weak or two, thus complet ng telegraphic communication between San Francisco and thaPciiy, a distance of over five hun- dred miles.trade of .vat port a tamparArily, M least, trabi&rrcd to the first in the history of the empire ever under- taken. ThaAmericans, siceo the caws of the arrival and Aaothetlacrativetrade .opanedfortheJapia**eis kindlyatteatorasshownthemlaSamFrancisco,havebeen 1shipmenmt supplies to 1 B-m.mti and French trcopi the lionscf the day—and in ever;- r.soa and corner, bothThe arms, consisting of 1,QC£ stand of muskets, sent teo, has bean compiiet.' with :—ple and •-vernme-nt of Ckxta Rica. It is grattfyir-g, also, about half a mile offshore. The captain therefore dolled£ wa> cf an wersbto trgumsst, read toe paaal v*U she tbould have an eongesaeat and be taauattt wiU 1from this beacaaaotetioaforrfocle.Balitoknow(batailbtestoresJtpaa C«rtheIHitil,Troops1mChina—D U p o e M d o a a t tfcc " J a p i " < < ) T r a d e als question wsw settled there, it apperrt now that tneValparaiso, caused by the-newly discovered silver mines of Aconcagua, continues unabated. A Valparaiso paper states that a month ago there were only three mines whose ore* showed silver visibly; now there are no lessW i t hth A port for Hotg Kong, will lake out over one aad a half minion dollars in treasure.that condition may be made permanent. Probate Court respecjing the genuineness of tbe tele Mr. If tbey be true to themselves ;fer there are meddlesome, Broderick's signature to the will offered for probate. Thetioa, toeresosa4.£- M. Dorr, Ceaaa-af the United Stater of America for aaragawaand the derendeocies thereof do pobholy andsaemaly protest aaaawtauch dlvaioa ol •^•asta s s n « s wMwM^r^M*^* ^ isV*W-*M 1" w s , x m a i matsw^a*^aata^L AAa */vii as sa ventioo of Joetioew and deeply injurious to-the interes'*ofTokshamaIn tasUnasny whereof, I, the sail CeasuiIt aao took daewatchee 8romIthe Ambaasedcrs to the Ty having taken poasaaafain of their lands,cannot be ousted. Diliatat inquiry ems made aaeag-ahe people of General Dorr baa done much for Amerioan mtereeta,, :t was believed that they ncd little relia- both on the land tad currency question, yet, from the ble litoiemlata as to the California esper.'enoe of the cause of not being properly backed at Jedtto, AmericanWhatever the despatches sent to the Ty- -nterests have been.rzaterially injured. Ists English and aaaa, taoaemmon people tod received no Outch have, with tot fnw exceptions.tbe-tect located, as 1 of abeir eonteats. although vaaious aboard ra- wen as the targest, ptrcefs of tend ia rokabupa. General Uae ieamm insarmatlott had eaolied oon aorr, wltbent salary, cad with fees ttat would not fur-, to dea Ftaasaren hy the scheeatr Caroline I. 1 sad Um slipper bank Onarard, beta cf them fromwith acwe from that,pert of the leak 1 of J a e e respeoam-e'y. We take e t c following m from the 8>a Fraaclsee kMil«ti», wiitteaay m iauiejwit oorreayeaiantarrived at Kanagawa from San Fraa-13ta Jane>,, tathc hence news of tto reception eeetelsssywhile i. Itea Francac^.sad two guabeats on the Megasltns Vieco, if defeated, intends, it a said, to retreat Ac this isthmus ic two schooners to i a s st bis command.By toe araieal of tha flwsaaatr schooner I t o Aatlgos at this pert- en toe 13th instant fromwhich port sea left on tto Oth, important intelligence has been received iiom the State of Ctuca as respects, the movements of the revolutionary f roes unler GeneralsAmerican schooner Deems-Pteoer was driven on shore and some eighty launches destroyed.s good deal of vulgar handwriting on the wails. But the second, importation of these animals into the United government a wide awake, ant perfectly prepared to States—the first being those taken from the Mediterra- meet and instantly put down any and erery attempt to nean to Texts. They are to fee exhibited th .s evening.hmd.I am sorry to say that many are without say looa .and eereral seoottotaay expire before U u The *iaowiac gtBttessCh areUU-JBoundariMltaMmOotU Interesting ZHscuoetj in the Jncieni Capital of CifM Riu*- SpokenofandPreferdit thatofLeather al tlaa Hatal da Ban Jaee and aeraratad round 5 paletteHtentU and «tbuste*tolpsatoes highest good banter, tto toad of toe Ouartel e* them through UM streets to their respective, that we ware liable to iwntshmrat '(alias to beZSSSFJ^* to day be either without laud, or . Since than, won. Dorr has been Um authoriUae aw Mae one aide and ourwhen Uaa truth ia unknown to them, and seldom or never practiced. Water and amd they mix with oil; and etfh fa -a:ail copper com) baa been toucd put np with raw tUS: to increase its weight, having every appearance of being genuine when eat, filled in the oeutre with a mut- tureof oil and ci»y, <r.th a perfect coating rf wax. Tnsy excel in counterfttitwg gold and tilver, which they do to perfection, their composition standing the lest of attorn acid. Mahogany bams and wooden nutmegs are thrown ta the shade ton. A Connecticut pedier could learn eroiigb here to insure bte fortune tea abort time in the SeuUiwrsLu» xtarscm or xos IRBATV POWKBA. • [From toe San Irenetaoo Herald. August a )A moat tasportact move has been niado by the Japaaesn government, as will be seen by tto following letter from toe Hon. Tewnsead Itervte, Cm ted States Minater reelWThe United States frigate Sabine iea off tfetharb jr. AH Tto storeship Falmouth tea fixture.e n c e . Saw Joax, July 81, I860Prettfcat Mbatetesaw-Orar.The Government Prep%reir-AL- Minister—Attempt to JEactfer.veAscsroely to expected that a lobby whtc'* the sfraajtet«,min Jeddo have so pertinaciowly been »•.riding etooldbegUea ue wttfcoat a atrugfte.' Yoo mutt tut jrdereuad thatall the Americans are mpoasessrnorJ1 rsmSStt *'nnaaatdid'esnmaril.getincrsdexl} a ooocessieamoch and allotted them as other aaWoos;words, Chat the retraining aaoosepfsd MadsetaaUy dirided butwuua the Are treaty Powers. It a patent ebat the French have but few establishments in Obaaa, t t o tea carrying being arasVy done in ressels offrom the Minaters (our M "that t t o Preach should haveasUnder the mild and just government of President Mon-teleagre this little republic continues steadily to improve.I t o signx of to enlightened progress are everywherevisible. Jn t t o direction of the San Carlos, over t a tNorthern Cordilleras, the primeval forest is being tolled,sad acres upon acres of tend, which tt required the matarduous labor to clear, are being planted with sugar caneor sown with corn. So, too, in toe opposite direction, Intto valUe* of the Candellarte, tto axe of Ito woodsmanday after day resounds, and tto plough, and the spadeand the hoe are quickly reducing to cultivated fruitful*neat wastes which up to this time have been toe un- in favor of their candidate. They take the ground and disturbed domain of reptiles and wild beasts. Aa in- prove that the platform adopted by toe democracy of crease of population by some tow thousands is all that te California at the State Convention last June is identicalOCJSUULIS or raa CMTBD Srares or Amouot,") KSWAOAWA,May l l , l f l e ~ ;when properly esUbiahcd, it te important that erery de Costa »ic», that Walker and his followers had landed • into one of the happiest, healthiest and wealthiest on the that their nomination ws* according to tto usages of tto vessel leeving your port for thte place should to made toe at San iMan del Norte, but as ft needed confirmation, itwhole question eo tto diplomatic ogoats of the For- eign Fowora and- tto Government of Jeido. and ooaaa- Suentiy arrested •vta granting of tend to Americans untilpiectB, two grains, thirty centigrams, and thetove cent test., aU eoamaunication between-it and toe coast being pieces, one grain, fifteen centigrams. The excitement tatha people want, ta foot, is ta the first place, to be let Miguel Marques, who was charged with tbe murder of S. D. Uster, m Oakland, on the 4tb of July, 1898, wasalone—not to be disturbed by politicians and revolution tried before tie District Court at Sa-.i Leandro, latt week, lata—and, ta the second pace, to be encouraged by tbe and convicted of murder in the second degree.Fa-elaraere—»jr»e C a r r e s * y (gmes- foreign settlement at Yokabama has tooome so extensive,gent end sober foreigners. They have got the right ideas te great measure after af), end will develops them underbroyetl b y mm Kauraa-and that the interest* of mercbante already occupyingground. and havms built godowne an* houses, would beN. R Nisbet. formerly bookkeeper ia tbe bank.ng house they bare at present, Pad, if tbey be true to themselves, of Lucas, Turner b Co., was examined last week in toe| t « a V * . Y e h a h a m a A so materially labored by the proposed plan that it has1 tM* *r Ute Treaty-Tfcc bean abandoned- and, consequently, tec whole questionWhen I test wrote Col. Yieco, who a In command ef toe for $2,600 are now valued at 83,600, sad some cannot to obtained even for 86 000. »Fresh discoveries arc made former, was »: Bio Hache. He< csa since marched on every day both of silver and copper mines. At toe wary Santa Marta, end took it by surprise. He afterwardsad- loot ef the Andes a silver mine has been dieeeveredvanned on toe Crlnsga with a force of some four hundred men, and wee compelled to rail-tack on Santa Marta. Gen. Viga, wko commands t t o rerolutioniets, was at last accounts stosat to attack Yieco. -His force ooestetod oflaoLtAmcatloa•ml at f^aygeraeaae Tbe LatArr E- a rietett Coananavrtal .t«wt,*»., a*,From our California exehaiges brought by theship Ariel-, -we are enable* to lay before ttotreaders of eatreverts to tto position it occupied on the loth day of February last; mad justice to thoserestless, vicioue men ineessantlv at work, endeavoring toexcite dissatisfaction, and undermine the government.Tbe present condition of public affaire is too satisfactory—exhibits too marked a eontraet wrto that It has sup-planted—for the partisans of the dtegraoed and banishedJuan Rafael Mora toj rest content. So, every day Mongolian camels captured on toe Conines ol Tartary, there are rumor* of conspiracies, and there are all that survived of thirty-two which were shipped on tbe severe gate from the north occurred, by which the letters of intimidation seat to seme member schooner test fall. This importation is intended for use of tbe administration, and there is, here and there, la our southern counties, sad oa tbe Pteins, and ia toe1 Government now reqjirec of thegrooad to applied for by them at that period. In view of the and of tto rashts ef the Amerteanrivalling m richness the very richest of Coplapo.witness, speaking ss an expert, declared it to be a forgery. Other persons, it is said, are ready to swear to the same effect.Meetly awaitaagfthn diclslsn af t t o J j and the ForeisjattlploanaUs egaatt at.The Valparaiso market continues dull. There te little or no demand for importeo^articles.late commercial aewe from Japrn, ciUsana waiea.arw clearly infringed bwyeur proposed ac about eight hundred men; bestfes he has one steamerOb'the llthto want of demand., la the barbor or Valparaiso, aset my land.CmseaJof inis year above written.Ministers, the oflears in command of the troops, and bnh Tbe United States steam frigate Nu-auac, from toe Gulf booses of Congress, there is a cordial, good understand- of California, arrived here on tbe 25:h ult She ia at pre ing and a sworn devotion. Should this union of the seve- sent at Mare Island Navy Yard undergoing repairs. Tbe ral branches aad departments of the public service con-E. M. DORR. How this qu«etiar will eventually ha-nettled I caasjct foresee, though I am inclined to think ti-at the Frencb,nwiRD orransn—coasnstA—aanBracTiox TO raaars—tinue for a year longer, toe country, with tU its interests,following is s list oi her officers:—Captain, Robert Ritchie; Executive, N. C Welkins, Lieutenants, J. H Spotts, Bancroft Oheardl, James H. Shirk; Surgeon,jApamae merchants, I think, exceed even the Chineseof the Powhatan: Mr. S e a m s , dent at Jdedo, to E M Durr. Esq., American Consul at the aaaande of toe Frencb Charge d'Affaires.To morrow the fetes of Otrtago eastmonos. Great sportsadgayetyareexpected. Thar*willbecockIght- Pantma Oat Hundred em* Sixty Yetrs Afo-^UnUei iSf, bull baiting, ba'ls, 7e DewU, picnics, eoaosrts, mill-k,tauaa; Mr.Bentca,ofiui j»o -, Mr. Topping,^ of « hugbao, Prer-oisco, Mr. Knight, do., Mr oaof Naval Storekeeper at llareothers, whose tames 1 do not Jonsul Gooerat at Jeddo, in anKsnagnwa. Mr.Harriswrlnsasfollows:— .T ] lUOASAwVA.TheCkiriguiTmntUStMtes BwvMjtng ond&piervto Expedition—An Unfa- tary renews sad eivte artessalwit grerybsdy whos o srxra TJLKXN aoaiawr waiasa. __ w Jsnno, May 88,1*88. / Tliere a no news whatever from this oiMMXUXt or TUX L'.MTSB STATES, 1Sna»I have received a communication from the Japanese though Walker is supotoed to be on thestuuBm sasarttiaairwsovcftu&eatto tto effect that the subjects of non treaty people appear to evince we very greet Powers, arriving at the opened ports ta vcsiele of nations subject,""Iter does te appear that thetto vorable Report Pbresten-Mr. DkUtrf) ajasasrTatter oa the Ooat—Adjournment of Congress—The a brilliant ss*grt, rode eff there this morxtag. Ttowho have made treatiee with Japan, whl not be allowed to k a d or reside therein. Ia calling year attention to t t o above, I have to desire that yon notify toe masters of American vessels noi to tend those pamongers who come under the above description. Tto tetter will have to re- turn without comingea abora MWNeEND HARRIS.Mr. Dorr, Ameriaaa Consul at Kaaagawa, addressed t t o following important end suggestive tetter to B. F. Wash-taken any stops to prevent Walker's invasion ef country.OOSTA MCA. j stoctanoHa—sitotscote-Fktescf Cfcrtopo.eV.dc.American sfmater accompanied him I must to off, too,exsltodexipV , axaawaamaassnxaother "•owers. 8s here, the Kaglieb and Americana are ington. Esq , Collector of thte port, which has just been 17ih of January, 1881. Another tew has passed dosingManjfetio of the Douglas Ikmmato JUiaruylic Mnter- prise—Arms bwas Collected in San Franciem A Chapter of Crime—The Bradtridt WiU a forgery—United States Ship Saremao—Importation of Camels bale Oaiybnetaten to OK of French settlers, and by the unfortu stotssMn, tto AmoricaoB -an crowded la a very ' space,-^itirely nnealtoate tor businea waau, .whitot the r>each have ooasfarditTely extensive pre- Tfltees. Gen. fiorr has had to *atit against our Minister, who goes haott in hand in all that the British Minister 'dees, to the manifest injury of Americans. The Consul,received —USITSDSTATSBOextciAXX, Kajusjwa, June 14,1660.the pert of Moire and toe river Serapaqnt against inte- rior eomsaeroc,abolishing tto Custom Houses sad with- draws the mOrtary oiltelais.DKAX SIB—Annexed please <sud copy of a despatchfrom Townsend Harris, Esq., American Minister, resi-dent at Jeddo,addressed to myself, ta referenoe to tto troduction of Swiss colonists has'been contrmed. Mr. coming, in American vessels, of subjects of won treaty Dtettry,8jatted States Retident Minister, was expected Powers. I have thought it proper to forward this to you. to sail from Punta Arenas to Realejo in the steamer ofA Coolie Skiff at Ban Francisoo—Ber Escape fnm the Authorities, dc.Yesterday the Douglas democrats pubUShed a manifestoof wastfm-SnUution'.he Field »tft c. Large Ibrce— The Peruvian Consul Or aVrwl to Ltati— Arrival of Vm President diiotesaiWrfy Lavnctiei— EhttUUi-ji—Moiqiura taper and .seventy three bates echilla, for Liverpool 180 packages of bar k for Southampton, and fifty-two bate* of goat skin*for New York.Tbe news by tote arrival te unimportant.It a itated that terge qcsntlttet offirearmi are being collected in this city, but for what purpose has not yet appeared.Congress baa aljaurned.pasatdaai has since been approved, declaring Stat Punta Areas* shall 00 longer to a free pert from sad after tondmr Sam FraacUeo Correspoadeaew. rU* Fnjjrosco, August 1.1860.etoee grants of tha size recommended t y myeelf, vis:twenty meis-whesptt was proposed to mmy sad divide from, Europe—Tic Ports of Cmtoa Closed—Connditr Pre- srw XlVf RECCTJkTlOTS—WKXG BXaTKMKST—STIU MORI aqueducts, pipes and reservoirs, so that tbe cttiseas may men, were sentenced to be hang on the Tth of September.Cff into equal lots *he whole peainsoJa aaat fram t t o Cus- tom Boole, irreeptctlve of the then erfcung size of lota already ooojapad and built upon. In order to meet tto views of others and to make as equitabletrst—MoKmt*i3 of Untied States T&seU, <Cc , ifc • KXW GBAKAtoA.t DI^X>VEKI«9—awaxcx, are. have the pure bright waters af the mountains to drink On the 28u ult.. a German named John Srarey was Congress was still in session. By direction of Abe Ex- aad bathe in, tnstead of tto muddy draughts they now killed, at Nevada, by Loney Brown, during a fight which ecutive the mint hereafter will com one dollar goldvtocrs, wind up from toe bottom of steep dark wells, fifty to toe latter bad with Thomas James. Brown fired at James,and, as aeon aa practicable, $640,000 of silver coin of one hundred feet deep, and full of aoteomencss. There is but hit Grarey accidentally.Mo advices have been received bare from Bogota einoca division sa -possible, I agreed *e refer the the sailing of toe last steamer froc Aspinwall on the<to to weigh tour grains, sixty centigrams; tbe tea centDuring ito sessioa a tewTM privilege granted to Mr. Lute Watfram for tbe in-twenty, ton and five cents value; the twenty cent piecesa military band, moreover, in course of formation. Allsuspended on-account of toe revelation; but by late ad-vices from t t o States of Bolivar-cod Magdalene, it ap-pears that hostilities have actually commenced betweenthe federal lor:ee and the revolutionists of those 8tatea than ten ta this condition. The shares that formerly sold anything like a friendly condition of public affairs. SuchNllfli,There te no news from thai State. Business continueswill have been established on a arm basis of prosperity.Mosquers sad» Oba"!do. The former had left Call aul The most important news froa this republic is the.late Our Minister bete, toe Hon. amxander Dimttry, is so Daniel 8 Green; Purser, Wm A Ingersoli; First Lieute-•TnS AJtVJUCAX CLAIMS.was march tar «"• the State or Actio r:a, at fie head »f a atu rapt to assassinate President CbaUUa On toetatb of convmeed of this.and at the same time is so thoroughly nant Marines, Thomas Y. Fields; Master, Geo. £ £bryock; July, at about seven o'clock P. M , while the President well assured of the friendly disposition ot the government Aseistaut Surgeon, B. D. Green; AHing Chief Engineer,large force, varkctly estimated at i'.-om 8,000 to $*,:$ was proceeding on foot from'the palace to his residence, of Costa Rica towards that of the United States, that he men. It is reported that his vanguard met a detachment a man on horseback rode v.p to.wlihin a short dwtanoe of has In erery possiBle bay compatible with the dignity ofT. B. C. Stump; First Assistant Engineer .Charles Schroe- der: Second Assistant Engineers, B E Cbssra og and B B. H. Wharton; Third ABtiistan. Engineers, Francis Cro- Din, S. W, Craig, A. B. Campbei! aul F. A Wiisou; C«>- 1x10*8 Clerk, L. A Webb; Gunner, Elijah Haskell Carpea.- ter, N. Major; Sailmaker, John' King; Master's Mates, James L Wagauren, J. Bithop and Charles Fair,a cooux SHIP AT sax nuxcisco— HKB xscAi-s Cniiderable excitement was created ia this -.ty la«t Wedncsdey by the announcement that a Span «h org called the Natoma had come to anchor at Point R-vce the Monday previous, loided with coolies for the Ccmcha Islands. The captain came to this city to obtain supplies, but it afterwards transpired that the vessel was a Dctcn bark, and had been towed to her anchorage by the steamer Martin White, a cruiser in the employ of the pilots, where she was furnished with provisions, water, and in tbe ashes of which healthier and joster sent) medicine, ke. The United States Marahal, immediately tt of Japaneat tea. sew to be the choicest article Uujsntoategj language, they invariably stand qp their dig- ameng the maaaes in fat or of the ruvolntiiraary cause, The Congasan or the republic met on th? 221 or July, jaents were tax ing root. But the shrewd intelligence of on receipt of the intelligence of the Natoms being so tear ihte ewer brougkt to such quantity to the nity aad will not be moved^And that ia one great reason and that large numbese are Hocking to. th: support of and"elected as its presiding officer Dr. Herrera, Bishop of the country is cot to be misled by such mischievous anU the city, requested the assistants of the war steamerof the federaUre-scw, commanded by Genera! Genao, ah.-.btm and fired a pistol, the ball passing through She his position and ite.reo. uiremems, testified bis confidence left a m or tbe I'reeioent. Although n severe ic the men who are at pretest at the heai of tbe republic, wound was Inflicted, no bones were broken. and his determination to uphold them with all his au-place called Bio Kezro, 1,000 or whooi deserted and j KU*.'.,XjeslWa*BaPami ^eeiBBWe^eWieag^TM!to ea^e^^^to^p e>*Bm# sa^aaamajmwaaaaJ- a u o ^ aaeatA ntah n gentleman with segars, entertainc bte countrymen Hcequera's memy. General Obatdo, v th 1,200 men, is Tbe wocld'-be assassin throwbis.pir.tol 01 the ground, thority and influence. Mr. Dunitry ia all the more deter-, qiartdr that the Assfearaadors were - with a liberality aakaown in other Consular cistricts.ted 81 80 aash o w ? i;nw they took a Sato at the «hargaibathing bosses. Cuaaiderfeig that the1 prise each privileges highly, aud 41 at one cent kntiama against tawadera. Foreignere need not patrol £arama, were dispersed over the country in guerrilla sion. The^wtetol, together with the wcrrant for tbe ar- with the United Stater, his been taken advantage of byk.<,*At>av Qcraw.Japan is 1 quiet. Two Japanese men-of sra.- guard Yo-bit escape, although be was pursued for some distancetowards American enterprises, and the expressed desirethat toe natives ware,astonished at the <s.-ported San jam of war here, we fee! compartttiveiy eafs.rax asssssjaaa u HIGH vaaax 4>ando, to is rfgtr/ied as master 0! t i e province ofwere stolon therefrom the same nigbt. after him to disturb the country he could no longer gagThe Onward araaght an seXorted cargo to £m Fraoxis X*e trait cf Japanese character has evince it«olf in a enstoVarious atecuia'.ions are indujgod inns :o the cause of and rob. 'The country is sold," these fellows whisper this attempt to take the life of'President Castilla. Some to you in the beer shops and at the corners of streets; attributing At to his unpopularity, while others ascribe It "the country is sold to toe Americans—sold to«0, enbracing macy articles never before brought from meet emphatic manner, ciooe foreign inter x arse has Jsjaa to that mli^et. Amcng them are miJasses, oil- beta allowed, sad that J»,£ wiUingntas to he persuaded cake, dried peaass, arrow root, rapeseedp-l, and toe oui*r their erroneous imprissions; but when a disposi-The captain of tha IM Amlgos reports Umt the greatest entDusiaam is evinced; throughout the Surie of Qaucato.the genets! discontent produced by his huruiliatiug concessions te the French.tbe filibusters." And this is said ovir and over again, .to rekindle prejudices which have been fast dying out,variety of actions, latere is alto accrilderable Uan, te made toward caopelling, by using forcible orsaid to be in passeasion of the passes of P&tto, while sonic and gaUoDpsd off at full speed, and succeeded in makisc mined to do this, since the go xl will of the governmentof tbe government to cultivate the friendliest relations is the standard BTJOMlot a ir-th in Japan, it fc not strange 4b3 streets nightly, aaboretofore; and, with a- American <fennds, and ettaeugi: they had eoaeidorably harassed rest, which*were left at tbe office of the criminal judge, the few pitiful grumhleu, whom Juan Rafael Mora left•2CQ federal tsoope. at the head of which was cener&l A reward of S10.0CO has been effered for his apprehen-why the Americans, as a ctess, are so much liked, while Moacuera, who in many instances has heen obliged to Arcfuipa. The President's message was read, but has Spiteful cunning and, as in the case of"the recent grant Active, bet she was not In a condition to sail The reve-aaasdamtsaTto tea sad raw silk trsdjo of Japan now rpociisee toaarecne aa importaasa la tte TOtnmerceof tfce rorld se-oandnn.'y to that of -nut* The quantity of these pro-OOSUQSS avaiatble for export is astoolading. vTitl-t.i taesaonthraore the Onaxra-seimd rour shtpe as ! a>partsd and bully lag, which has never, yet proved beneficial.tor Fogteati with full carfues of teas, oils silks, wax, So mnci" were the Americans ti ought of here, ttat,:heAc. Tto prices of aUexpcrfetUe articles were sicalii y Japanese gevernment decideJ to send an Eshssayto vian Coc8ul, out of the country, on account of his sup- ni'Tar-filnf Teas had ^eneiup to the average o:' Cbmt America,especially to «~ben,,&a Japanese were umie posed connection with the revelutionlsts, tofit gent'eman srises. Jn occsequenee of *.<» > uiaa reboliiont nc tea* aware or the fact that erery attention would feewere coming from the iaieritr to dhaugbao, au t Uia tea shown ta zt:h a mimion—eitho'jgli each an act WAS arrived: here in tbe Ios Amigoe on the 13th iost.not jnt bee*, paolished. It is said that Corgress has It te contemptatiott to annul the liberal constitution of 1866, andfErme anothor, more in consonance with Castilla's \ i t « r . The libei.vl party are considerably a armed lest Ffaic Uich outrage maybe committed by the presenttoMr. Thompson, for the railroad between the Bocae del nue cutter Marcy, then at Benici*. fluaiiy left, but at aT*r-jand the Gulf of Oulie, the public mind will come time when the slaver had had plenty oi lime to escape.taoaiclusiocB respecting great public measures, and pro- j The Marcy has since retunied/and CBL tarn ."ease reports uouuee upon them without prejudice, being g>iided in that, owing to a heavytha £p£!isb, on ttie reverse, are as much dielikod by the Japan*3J—the Americans in-&Jiably being ready tc argue a point with persuasiveness and a show of sincerity, while the argument of the English is one of eognpuJcioudecline their servioas for -want of armc to phue in their handc.The federal authoritiee, .who have pessescuc or the. x~.Bg to a heavy adrerse wind, d:d not town af Pasto, having ordered Sr. l'al Varena, the Peru- Congreac, which ic composed almost exclusively of Cas their consideration or them solely by the merits they reach Sir Francis Drafce s Bay until dark on Welies-from this place some waaks since to the port of Tumsco, IntheStaleofCauca,byIntcndoateHurtado,intheCa- nadian schooner-or war Clio, for the use of the governOn the 2i,» July, pt 12 o'clock M., a salute was fired bythefortafSantaCctalinia, atCalteo,andonhearing the first guana* Lima, toe Frencb flag was hoistexi ux theto hive it to say that the tmcriran residents of tn's city areheartily infavorof President Monteieagre, and would jo the lenrth of Staking their lives in bis defence,his fatigue dress, donned bis navel uniform, ordered the gigtobelowered,andpottedawayforthevessel,which, howev«r, proved to be no coolie craft, but the bark Carib,ia their vajr*xoa Chinese military, stations. Bat for the high and low apeak of the troatmeat received by their meat party af Pasto, are still at Tnmaco, where they v. iK French legation. Tho salute from &c fort was should the sneaking grumblers who disparage him which sailed hence for Noyc river on the Sid £b« beingsatej^reportion of this tradewould hsveXeen oiheera «Uh JoeliOgs of graUtode. Although it was a lettrncd bjr the Frcsch frigato. In toe ceurse pluckupsufioient boldnesstoshowtaasasttvsa in armsprobabiy nave to remain, ac the Intervening country be- of the day M. Mlgar was offloially roeog- verr light, the captath had put into the bay until suchenatrolled by Chliforoa, boa cheap 4abor and good AOII foregone-coBSlas!on with the Jajaaase officials that ihe tween the u*a£t and Pasto is in possession of the revo- nlzcd as Charge d'AAuires and Consul general of against him. time as the blow would moderate. Captain Pease couldhas enabled Ahf Japanese to tJiderseli every other eocn- Embassy woxld-be well reoaived.yet its influence will be lutionists. Private advices from S l a n d e r state that the France. M. De .Lesseps, who was sent to Part as special After ft protracted and exci*leg struggle for it, Thomas learn very little of the character of toe coolie ship. Shetry. Tkey .-en'' Sonr to tne allies*: $2 60 per barrel, well and sensihjy felt, and redoand y ith much benefit to revolutionary forces retired to the confines of Venezuela Commissioner, charged with the settlement fit the ques- Francis Meagher leaves this tomorrow morning lorl'unta had railed from tbe bay on the evening or the 231, with aend potatoes At Mir scent BAT pound. The £>ur, bs*- the AmerVACShero.MB soon as it wa: known that the fedecal army under Gen. tions so long in depute between the two gor-aciimeots, Arenas, eu xovte to New, York, with the grant for the fair wind, and furntthed with all needful supplies. Some Eerran bad entered the State. Thit a supposed to be a ri&ited the fyesident; In toe evening, who gave him a new mteroceanlc railroad between the Boca- del Toro and Italian fishermen bad lnfcrmed tho captain of the bark, a xot vary good, being uAboltod.iust as manafac- 1 by the natives ia tbeir hand mtUaor mortars. Thebare alao ahipped toosx J,000 to 4,000 horses to the allies, giving fbr macy weeks empl^rment to all theXES.rosD«KSOFTfnii:or^Ttr.The beauties of this country will yet be known, audFustyama, with Us snowy peak standing like a monumentstrategy of the revolutionists, by which they expect to reitp great advautegc.coofidentiU andiecce, notwithstanding his severe sufer- isgs from the effects of the wound he bad just received inthe Gulf or Duice. Havfeaig passed the Chamber of Depu- ties, with ooly tavo of tto members of that body voting against it, and having passed the Senate with a unani-that they had run up 'alongside of her, but could get to 'satisfaction" whatever, inasmuch as the crew ah spoke Dutch, and either feajced ignorance or Eighth, or we ethe sceptre of Jjtpaa, which can IM seen far 180 miles at awattebte wessets in the wasera of that quarter. The sen, will yet find it? cides covered with connoisseurs andSeaor Julio Arbaleda, Vice President ef the Granadlsu his arm. M. Lesse;a presented President Castilla with an mous vote, toe s!gn£.tura of the President and too seal really unable to speak It intelligibly to the Italians. The Confederation,arrivedhereontheSthin:t,fromEurope. autographletterfromtheEmperorNapoleon,congraiu- of the republic were attached.to it iu due commanderofthisvesselwastoosmarteithertocome1werefaraisbsdat They ere a toell.. Caliroroia stent only permltte-J, mate Caaeeraing MM djssosiimorld.lt wetaaed Uatt tto atoehtle and bfgber c'la tovor of enooantsinggrawmg more social, ABassas of the people areare complaining bitterly lb;Stanaverageof830 travellersfromalt.partsoftheworld,readyaidwitling»:'.es of aaimal, not nn- to accord to It the ps&Ae it deservae—th** c' the fiaest It is.rumored that soee his arrival he has asked and ob- laUng ium on bte ibird re election to the Presidency. So .'<;m. on Tuesday .evening, tbe 24th of July. ii to the immediate vicinity of the Golden Gate, where he Tto Japanese govern- rrgnter moustain in the world. tained permission of the Governor of the State to enlist endr- the farce. The opposition to it was outside the walls would be liable to be seized at any moment, or to leaveto be exported, Jeddo, with its miUtons upon milUens ef beings, its or impress six hundceJ men into military service of the Ihe American claims are yet unadjusted. The difficul- cf Gorgresv, and, to! deference to tt, Congress these waters with no replenishment Of bit stores trade with the outside parks, its pateces. its tea houses, government bnildicgt federal government. It is generally believed .that in case ties are not likely to bo settled until our government too'- much longer t>m; ever u than was at all necessary. rows raoM ORSOOH.ts, trading people, and Emperor a peiaoe, xrU! yet be crowded by fwetgners, the revolutionists are ci'/xessfal throughout the Confede- studs a large naval force to Calteo. A rumor ob- The Kew |Granadians resident in San Jose were tbe in- The official tables of tbe recent Conyressiona! election are more sod more seeding and Indlng hidden wealth. Straaga toagoes will ration, the federal partf will concentrate a large force on tained in Lima that tbe American Minister had stigators and leaders of toe opposition, they maintaining in Oregon have been published. The total vote of the They are daily per-rade the very doors of the Emperor's palace, where this isthmus, and make their last decided £tand here. ordered all tie ships or the United Stttes Pacific tbat the territory through which it is proposed to ran the State cast fir Congressmen was 13,161: the majority of~e>; hut the no •foreign dog" had ever dared to come, save upen his The recruiting service is still actively going on lu tbe iu- squadron there to enforce tbe claims of his government. road belongs to New Cranada, and that such a grant George K. Sheil, the democrati: nominee, over Logan, re- than erer. They kaaag terior of thte State. Soma fifty seven recruits for the This, ct course, is unfounded, since our Ministers are in- would be tantamount to an invasion by Costa Rica of her publican, was 108.Miaeo. the heart of the eppire, the residence of the federal army arrived to tois. city a few days since, and vested with no such poicer. Tbey can only request that sifter republi>. With the public men of Costa Rica thisigo trade hjis caused advance, greatly to who are thereby re-spiritna/ Emperor, the FalesUne of Japan, will yet anc- more are said to be on thi way; and it is rumored a force be seat to them—which Mr. Clay has probably cunib to foreign intrigue, end ere long the predicttou that the Tntcndente General of the State has just pur- done—and wwbJcb, if made, no doubt will be compliedargument had little or no weight, as nothing is more The Portland Daily Advertiser has'declared tor Douglas,clearly established for Costa Rica by ancient title deeds, the Ormenton (weekly) for Lincoln, and tbe Times (west royal ordinances. &c , than the right of jurisdiction en ly) for Douglas. Tbe Daily JVVwi had not as yet run up the south from Punta Buries, the lowermost point of toe its £sg.tto price of many articles *the datrees ef the poorer Ms u i t e d in their dftstte tae most common articles. Rice given in A former letter upon the opening Japan to trade chased another small schooner, tbe object being to wiib—at least it is to be hoped so.a act allowed to be exported J s a l coisc luentiy tbere bat will be falliled—Japan will cur^e toe day she saw toreign- bees no advance in that article. Wheat is another an, ers iD her midst.cab not allowed to be sent out, of the country, but after Already are tto officials of tho empire fearful of the being tAaufactured into hour this restriction is rei«>r*lfit her out as a vessel of war to operate against General While the United States steam corvette Wyoming wasMosqoera on tbe coast of Cauca, to conjunction with tbe firing at a texjet outside the harbor or Cailao, a few Gulf of Dclce and thence in a straight uto across the The limes ssys that arrangements are said te have been other national veestl called the Cite. The trade between dajs before tto sailingj of the English steamer, a report Isthmus of Chirjfui to the Escuda de Veragua, the lower- mads to establish a stage Ims from Oregon City to Sacra- tots Isthmus and the ports of Cauca has been suspended was circulated to Lima and Calteo that she had fallen in most point of the noble harbor, generally known ss tto mento, t hrough which the time will be made in eightcommanding teat ares ia tto grand panorama ofthe valley of 3an Jose. But they are golnj to hava something else than church towers, and clean well pavedstreets, and staunch houses, in tbe city of H*redia. Cheyare going to tore a public park, with fountains and fancifully teid oat grounds, and public baths, aad waterworks, men, found guilty of tbe murder of one of their country-presence and example of enterprising, industrious, intelli- The ship Ocean Pearl, now oa the eve of sailing from: greatly depressed ia t t o * o » u ot Cobija and Anton, ia disturb toe public peace. Between the President, his The exhibitor styles the a the "Ships of toe Desert."consequents of the decree of non intercourse with Peru. Gtaera! Belger te still la the country.CKXV.ATTXt'lT TO aS»AS»XaTX TBS. rBXKOmiT—SORROW 880*"S—tills s pa: ;isau.«. posnae and advantages1 they promise te tbe country. It day evening, being compcLed to run at least a is right that this should be known in the United States, hundred miles to make the thirty, which is theIt appears from the following, which we traoalate from for certain troublesome parties here have tiken pains to entire distance as travelled by steamers. Toe the Lur.it.TM'o, that the French demand, in. tha matter present a different state of things, with the view no doubt hull of a moietate elzed craft" Was descried in the of saintiog tbe flag oi that nation from the Castle at Cal- to alienate the people of tbe United States from tbe peo- dim distance, snugly twinging at anchor in the b»y,wealth of tto merchsnte—their iewest class—and are de- by order or the fedora! authorities of the State, but it is with a Peruvian man Of war and captured her. Tbe ut- Bocas del Toro, thosgb, properly speaking, this is the same days.t t o country, however, a vary productive, three crops of vislng means of reduciog aud curtailing their increasing understood that the United States Consul at this port hss most consternation prevailed in both cities. President of one ef its entrances only.saws nuw wasHi-vcTos rxxxrroxT.Ihe camp of tbe United States Boundary Commies on st Seatototr^.Wstoiiigtou Territory, bat been broken up, the Massachusetts, with the escort and baUdtegs, tovinnxrataA, rmaand isgssnhtat ssawtogon tto eune tend each year , s i that a ts probable, atter j little, increased pro erasta* win pot a stop to the comprint against the for •igaers tor making food hi:rh. 9a8iass, the demand for sarnptytng the allied troopa mast soon fall off.strength. This retards trade, end redounds to the tempo- rary daadTasbge of commerce. CaUtornia a the nearest and most mtorfc! outlet for the produce of Japan, and it devolves itpoa California to carry oat the great project of steam, communication which, If not soon undertaken, willstrongly remonstrated against the detention here of law- ful merchandise from the United Stttes in transitu to Buenaventura or any of the ports of Cauca that are not actually ta a state of siege or blockade, on toe ground that A prohibition on the part of this government againstCastilla telegraphed 10 Calteo to know if It was so, and whit assured tost a hoax bad been practised upon klm, gave orders for the arrest of tbe persons who circulated the report.In connection with this subject, by-tbe-by, a very in-teresting and notable discovery was recently made in ttoarchives of Cartogo, the capital of the country from 1622to the renunciation of tto Spanish crown in 1821. DonRafael Mats, one or the former Gorenors of toe province, Boundary Commission, wilt remain ta charge of Mr Wm on looking through those archives tbe other day, chanced K Lrsr, of Seaiabxtoo, until tto survey ts finished or to flnda tetter written onrfattndred and sixty years ago, ad unless reoccupted. There is s strong probabiiny that a' r tiawaitstsae onrsoaey qurttion bad com be superseded by ihe Peninsular and Oriental Navigation their shipment to their destination is a clear infraction ofO u r A s p i n w a l l C o r r e s p o n d e n c e .A s m w i u , N. G., August 16,1S6UMexbmn half dollars warn roatsed to the pur i.of goods, although the dollar pieces were as goxi aa aver. All the half dollars taken over by the Onwardare brought hack age in.Company's steamers—a line which already nearly en- circles the world.rax coryisay—rra rxcarcnon, n cWe find the climate all that we anttejpated. We are shall be regarded as free and lawful commerce, sad trans-About lay weeks before the Oawar* saaed a town of now just coming near the end of the spring rain, and the ported in tto freest manner, without molestation, to saght to ton thaaaand peoato, some two hundred miles weattor begins to graav warm. The summer may be places even belonging to an enemy which are not be*sieged or blockaded at the time.the then royal Governor of Costa Rica. In this letter Die- miahmoo or Point Roberts, both of which places are im Hache Insu'l—Departure of tie Storeship Rdeat*—Tht go dete Bays speaks of the rsthmus of Panama as being ex- mediately under tbe forty ninth parallel. gmKmmn " ^eUstsat fresa Kesagaaa, was axtirety awaltowwd up by an hot, but cannot now be longer than in Kew fibgtend, earihtaaks Bto mformatioo reaped Kanagax* taroagb while the winter is very s*$ht. The country abounds inSteamship Baltimore— Yctsels in Port, etc. credmglyuntoaltoy.sndpvisentiBg many great obstacles You will gather frost the filet or papers I enclose here to persons crossing from one ocean to toe other, whilsttto miasMoariac, ef wbioi. ttore vtt quite a nusjber, sad fruits of stmt variety, and£he soil produces abundantlytto British steam frigate Clio returned to this portwere toto at Kaaagawa dorteg May and June.n u n sxrrriaThe oil and the barley are now being gathered in, And the pecple are planting eotto* ia Held* thus cleared of their early crop. The rice Beta* begin to look green, and theberrtasandp«*rs,apricots,ac,are in the market.visit ttore, as I learn from tor commander, was to iu- quire into some alleged abuses on tbe part of tto revolu- tionary authorities towards British subjects.pending, but watch is now bursting forth throughout the republic with a fury that will mark Its every step in deso-The election at Port Townsend was a complete triumph1 etocd2? ^V*?** *' **** • * * N *« U** •Mi" tick- et, with but one or two minor exeeptiona Paul K. Hubbswas elected tithe Council, and L H Hastings to ttoTto American bark Magnolia, 137 days from New York, with 860 tons of coal, arrived at tha port on tto 8th Inst. Tto Catted States nag tbip of ttie squadron Lancaster, 1 or other, setUed aa tto opposite shore are often lured,out to stroll in tto atMitobrsatto the in- and the United States sloop St. Marys are in port; alsobo Japanese aathortfcet fumiahing them vigorating air and talk with and watch toe people at la tor Britannic Majesty's ship Clio.arab tead sad buiiiings at (be latter place. Those whi tor: to tha WATwe get many good Reasons in the laa- Tto Ito^oaator is expected to sail for Calteo directlyThe treaty with Japan ealle fcr s port being opened at , with all the prtvlaaas ooacoded m Nagasaki,are taking tbe laid, and those of tto revolutionists seem plains sre vast and open, dhllst tbe great volcano, towernot only determined, but prepared to meet them. Gene- ing thousands of feet above, keeps them perpetually coolral Herraa te eommander ki chief of tbe government and fertile with the wlntoandtoe rains ttot sweep down end WsAbtagton Territory, arrived here on ton 28to uli.Tto country presents to the eye of the admirer of aa The meraitaats wh» flrst reached tha port. tore many beautiful and romantic landscapes, so that wexxirsB ooirxxu.The rteamer Oregon, from Victoria aad ports ia Oregonfhlmwed found Yoksaama stare immeaiately available, gasgej after the arrival of the mall from New York on the 19ththrough its gorge* "Arafetes* of all," be exclaim?. forces, white Moequera is the acknowledged head and "there is toe Boras del fore, one of the goodliest endgrandest of inland sees wMpn eye of mas bath erer look- centrated its forces, which are under their respective ed upon, with its belt of lo»y green ittends ever bindingLieutenant Giilis. who went np to Washington Territory at tbe instance of the oosxt Surrey authorities to observe tto late eclipse of the sun, has returned to Sax Fraacisco. He reports that while at his sitHon,sear Fort Steilacoom, he had only two clear dots. Fortunately oas of these was tbe 18th ult. The party saw tto eclipse to all ito glory. The observations were entirely successful TbeAnd tto asAtortta* odariag every Induce tj«u a libera' gratia. an4 if our teachers are noi returned to us, last. Tbe St. Mary* will remain here until tto arrival ofleader of tbe revolutionists. Neither party has yet con-ITeaaof mad. buildings, ex., ll toon bajgne the buei this miay toaimaatoar only means of saasjsfnw the Ja- tto rterrsganaet or some other ship of the squadron, whenaaaa locality af Kanagat a Tae ministers, yiewaig this aww setUesneat through diplomatic spectacles, determia ed sot to acknowledge Yokahama aa a prectaet of Kapaneatltongue for a long tme to wme.AXXajCAif ssajsaaaasaj AS xaxAQAsra.Our mistionariea are meat comfortably locate! atthe will probably be sent tofRealejo or San Juan del Sar to look alter Walker's movements.commanders, in ts yet small bodies, in tto difierent revo- lutionary ftttrait in peant,and which, ware they peopled with a brare and high spirited race, might be made to form another Venice is these seas."The dead body of a man named Cruly, late of San Fran- Ptonipountiariee on the one side, and the merchants on prejudice against missionaries geaareiiy, yet a more re- cisco, attached to tbe United States aloof of war St. Marys,President Oeatu has issued a decree, of which I giveArt 2. Ia tto said Slates tbey cannot travel to the Every word that Diego de la Haya thus wrote to Ma variety of colors were most remarkable. Tto lAeatoaaat,aagawa, and a pretty little war sprung np between the Kanagawa. I must acknowledge to naatraxlag a littleAt tto time tha queet.on arose ss to the boundaries , of Kaaagawa, oases' tto trading ports namECUADOR. ^A* tto Euglsh steamer did not toocb at Guayaquil, wespeotahte set of gentlemen and tedies ar« not to be found in say mission In tto world.SARTSxiraxsx iisjesjasii. >Slight earthquakes as* very frequent here. Yesterdaywas found oa toe ramparts of toe city yesterday. supposedttotttodeeesseddiedofapoplexy.It isStates whose governments are in rebellion, nor send maiteorpostswithout passportsfromtbe proper public authority. I.. jYour New York merchants who tor* correspondence and pusfnes! relations with tbe interior of New Granada wilt discover that their tetters are liable to interruption and failure of roylilrir, any part of tto interior., Tto United States storeship Release, Lieutenant Com- manding Harrison, sails to day or to-morrow for Boston. She goes hence direct toRio Hache to look into, investi- gate and straighten out some matters wherein the stars a n d t t r i p e s h a v e b e e n i - i o m i n i o u s l y t r e a t e d . R i o Hache, the probable ecebe ofruture glory to the Release, is a smallpoco ttempy village in a province of the same name, forming s peninsula about one hundred miles or more to the north and east of Carthagenadrid, one hundred and sixty years ago, in praise of tto BomsdelToroandtbeprovinceofChiriqui,isstrictlytrue of tbe tame to day. A trip I took there some time egojustifies me in toying so, and saying re without fear of contradiction. All I regret is ttot the government of the United State* should have seat out an expedition to survey the route in question, and tbe harbors it is des- tined to connect, in such an inclement and dangerous reason as tbe present. Nothing just now csa be done down there but at jibe cost of much suffer- ing, maty grievous hardships, and pretty con- a i d c r a b . o r i s k o r l i f e a n d l i m b . T h i s i a t h e talny season. It is raininj; from morning fill night, and all through the night. The rivers are swollen to their utmost, and in many instances will bs found impassable. The forest v/ill be rct-kitg with wet It wi-.! be impossibleor course, can make no report until to returns to tto abet, which to wiU do by tto steamer today.Her Britannic Majesty's steamer Plumper arrived in,tto Trtequally river with a party of astronomers to see the pbenomeneB, std tod ac exchange of courtesies with the officers at toe United States garrtaoa. The Port Town- send Register of the 18th isys of toe "sight" at ito place:—Wi h Ito exception of firing cannonand crackers, tbere was about as muc a excitement and a deal more of inte- rest than if tbe Fourth of July bad once more come upon is. Mr. Tibtata, cr tbe Pioneer Hotel, who watched the eclipse with chronometer and quadrant in bead, ssys that tbe greatest obscurity was at 4 drg. i£ min. awl 13 sec.The Indians about town had been told of the approach- ing eclipse, bit rp to the lait night tbey were very in- credulous, and said that toe Boston* were great liarsed ta the treA*/, Utere 1 bat tow 4etsrtenet at Yoka- we had s shock anfficieat to make tto doors and windows have no later news from this State.akaa ia hand by Mr. Atoock, rnttle.SAd the joints of the house crack, and this morn. tto British Mis.'etor, who insisted on tto removal of the 1*1 we had one of a similar character.K1W8 FBOM C«!*TaAI. AMMOCA.rax axvoumoa rx saw GXAXADA—BOTH FAxnas a tax fTAXD—WAIAXBA MOVXXXSTB—XOBmcaflOX Or TBS LkjroR inrosTwi; DK-RSX B aatvaDOX—PORT xxflna- ftaa* nr oasta MCA—raoaamx ns^oimm—tax cami-q c i T B A a a r r , a r c , a r c . _ ,The Panama Railroad Company's steamer Guatemala, irom San Jos* de Guatemala and intermediate ports, ar- rived at Pansmg po the 4tb instant, tome six hours only after Uie departo** * the North Star from Asoin wall for this port Her dstev are Guatemala, July 28; Salvador,Yokahama to Kaaagawa, aa to- , laraxqw WAXHM TO coax TO AXBUCA.epaatits side of UM river, to marcheats bald a meet It iu now of a daily occurrence to bear tto people be- teg and passed resolutions not to change the lootitty. seech ran to take them to America; and whan ws tell sad signed s protest to the British Minister to that effaett h e m cV t h e w o n d e r s o f t h e t e l e g r a p h a n d t h e l o c o m o t i v e , Sto maitar created some wiitldntablc excitement. the ntssatlcent; houses sad pateces of our merchant t)er Miatttor, Mr. Harris, fwawing In tto ftntstepe of princes, sad tell them that they may rove all over AmaAlcock, determined to t«*v hte hand at entoreing the rtea without Interference, while we, who have travelled eat, and am4* *> effort at teatt to ac thousands and thousand* of mites, orerooeans and by ta what Mr. Alcock eo aifnally railed. A distant countries, to see their beautiful city of Jeddo, J called, at the Aatarl&Ni Coaeei's retodaaee, now but ton mites off—we, as foreigners, osaaot be per-The Release gars down roily prepared for her work. ftr the surveyors to keep dry for'an hour. T;ie mount.tinsthe treaty of peace, amity, commerce, Arc, between theUnited States sad tbe republic of Kew Granada, whichprovides that all articles of merchandise not contraband The Revolution—Bolh Sides Determined—Decree—The Bio dressed to the government si Madrid by Diego de la Haya, permanent military post will be ordered either al Sewith all that a known on tbe Isthmus of the condition the bays on either side failed to insure that safety and convenience which were desirable for commerce. The mea weailirH reliable. Savers! eerthqoakp shocks what ts aecejaary for the guppoit and comfort of life. from Buenaventora en the 6th test. The object of her and progress of tbe revolution ta New Granada, sJ long true road, he ssys, lies between the Bocas de! TOMand tlie Gulf of Duloe. It a one, be solemnly avers, which the finger of God himself hss traced out; adding, that toe climate tt most wholesome, the soil free from all perni- lation and blood The. forces of the federal government cious matter, and tto waters ever fresh, sctlve sad abuntent There are no swamps, he continues, the-uly31; Nicaragua, August 1, and Costa Bica.Aueusi*eftheAmertuaaesetAfejdmTeaAhama. Atthis meetmg, mutedtoviev it, because tto treaty says Amerleans '*cargoconsistedof3JS8seroonsc>«htaea,100hagsof ifhce for them totake anything like acorrect observation. Butwhentheyrawthemrooduk.tingthetuntheywereHarrisitetodthatlbstreatymade'*iaoombeatmre—lieutenant,acaptainsoterk.purser'selerfe,astonishedamiafraid.Theyversctiju;a;c.-visasmuet not visit J«ddo for tea years more. TheotOciate say 1 Untitled Document Fevers are Sere to reisc and prostrate them.From whatResides the lieutenant commanding, she has three other will be to charged wiUi cfouds ibat it will be impossibleA csuFTXX or canrx.In tbe Tuolumne District Court, test Monday, four China-Tbe schooner Caroline E. Foots, which arrived here on to* 2Mb ult. from tto Amour river, brought fifteenarrived at Port Townsend on the 18th. Tto bufidinas ba locgirg to the post, which are distinct from those of the 1toape*toremovetosTtaaftwhiend,ttot(be/VIMWBedtoBJJOVfeigners to188Jeddo,flee, 180 packages India libjjer, 46 ha. *! iter****, J* Cane cf balsam and 1,860 hi iea«»*»tt twenty msa i.-rrw>j two marices, who were Bentoveyother people to look through emeked gam.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 