 IsSJ**JSJ*JSJ*JS**J****JSJJ*f•»•** =,^W**^**. *•v^8j M8HJIEWS^RR DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, MARCH 20, 1860,I >-?*«<?>**: Va..tSiC5*sssje**«a» 31*#iArta»din« Provided a&o, That when wool of Afferent quali- SHC. 20. And be U further enacted. That from and after tho unmanufactured; plumbago, or graphite; polishing stones;ties,ofthesemekindorsort,Isimported inthesamebale,bag, dayandyeaTaforesaidthereshallbelevied,collected,andpaida ppmiceandpomice-stcno*jquassiawood;iag«,ofwhatever ma-on the day ap; or package* and the negreaato value of the contents of tbe bale, tiuty of 20 per centum on the-importation of the articles herein- terial, except wool; ratan* and reeds, unmanufactured; rotten-suchpersona bagorpacha?eshallbonppraised!>ytheappraisersatarateox- aftermentionedandembracedintbiusection,thatUtosay:an- stone;oafflower;saltpeter,ornitrateofsoda,orpot**h,whenh .1•-and hock, in Dottles, $ 1 per gaUon, in casks, 50 cents par galloi ;.friends are responsible for a neglect which resulted on claJtt. Tenerin'e, Sicily, and Canary wines, in casks or bot- whatever material composed, and all gray or uncoloredafter exportation, but the same shall be valued as at the time of exportation; nor sball any such deduction be made for or by reason of any discount or abatement from the value contained in the invoice.Ship challenter, Winsor, Elide Island, Lower California, 98 4 d«ys, guano to Wakeman, Dimon &. Co.; vessel to S. G. Reedi81 Co.i-hipE. Bulkley, Ross, Havre 36 days, mdie. and 77 pass, t o Boyd &. Heincken: vessel to Georg.j Baikley. < »bhip Ironsides, Chase, Liverpool 32 days, mdse. to Nesmith k. Sons.Bark Jane Frances (Br., of Liverpool), Rose, Mes*ina84 dayg, 1 fruit, &c. to James Robinson. Experienced for the last 12 day* heavy northerly weathtr; on March 7, was within 100 miles of Sandy Hook, and blown off. March 5, lat 38, lorn 72, spoke ship Canova (of Bath), hence for New-Orleans.Bark Clarissa, Pettigrew, N.ueviUs March 3, sugar and mola«e» to Yznaga del Valle &. Co. Experienced very heavy weather? atove bulwarks, house, two hhds. molasses; been 11 days N. OL Hatteras, with N. gales.Bark E. Sherwood, Hall, Bordeaux 42 days, wine, brandy, &c, to E. Caylus de Ruvter &. Co.; vessel to Sturges, Clearman « Co. March 13, lat. 412, lorn 62 8, signaled ship Java, hence for Glas- gow. 'Bark Cora, Sterling, Algoa Bay Jan. 27, hides, wool, &.C, to E . D. Morgan & Co. Feb. 11, lat. :6 48 S., Ion 13 35 W., spoke «hip Persailles, irom PedaDg for Boston, 75 days out.Bark Aristides (Han ), Siedenberg, Marseilles 42 days, mdse. to Ruger it Bros. Feb. 10, lat. 30 53, lorn 2124, signaled Br. sbip C8jpiolone. steering S.It: 4 • |1*1;Fourth. On all brown or bleached lmens, ducks, drills, coatings,ply to goods, wares, and merchandise imported from beyond the Cape ot Good Hope or Cape Horn untilmdse. to Ruger Bios.Schr. J. M. Warren, Chapman, New-Haven 2 days, mdse. t *i#ment which an impoverished exchequer foreshad-ows." The " unterrified" are really indignant, and, pound; on steam, gas, and water tubes and fines, of wroughtchinery, or with the needle, or other process, not otherwise pro- vided for; manufactures of cedar wood, granadiila, ebony, ma- hogany, rosewood, and satinwood; manufactures of marble, marble paving tiles, and all marble sawed, squared, dressed, or!/.ipecacuanha; iridium; iris, orrin. root; ivory, unmanu- 'jficate #bid*,i?e issued lor a less sum than $l,(MX): And rsnts, i.eent* per pound; on figs, 2 eenta per pound; on sultana, tips, and teeth manufactured; lodino, crude; iron liquor; juniper factured; ivory nuts, or vegetable ivory; jalap; junk,.~J««BI watch materials »nd Trnftnisbed parts of watches; yams;citfzens of the United State*, dying abroad; pineapples, plant-ain*; plaster of Paris, or sulphate of lime, ungronnd; platina,Mmrli€Uh—Reported by Telegraph*^ CmciHar-ATi, March 19 —FIOUR very dull -** $ 5 6 5 ^ * 5 75 tor superfine. PROVISIONS quiet and no sale*; Met* Pork «?changed ;•Bacon quiet at iyaQ\c ; Lard dull at lOfe. WHIMY declinod Jc ; sales at lS®19ic. -*»*x l'inr>A»Kr,FHiA, March 19.—Fi-orm torn; WHEAT dull tanJdeclining; WWto 851 58®$1 60; Red $144®l46. Coxxactive at 72-S74C-; WHTWCY 24C. .NKW-OKLKANS, March 1ft—COTTON—demand moderate; sale* today 9,5(0 bales at lO'^l Jc. for middling. Mor,A«s»s steady at 37®38c. MKKK POKK quiet at $18. WHIBKT 2*Jc. F w i w i r g and EXCHAXGK unchanged.-TEE NEWWOOL Jl&WrYiKv HCTi.jajJ ? » » T*7»C.V1B BCJi UTWS15T*.**isd dekfrer*d.t« City Hi *»t>*cr!berr, $C yer mzr..IfBW-TOIVER7 LAX.GT. It ftitlisbed every SATT**r, arrrum, in tdvwiceT *8; Ten Cepie*-for $ 12 • a y Jftrgstr number at tl < Copies to address of et* •be rate of $1 20e*«*J\) ••roetyerwere,will ce asury commerce *t any -:X*rerti»«DceJCt* in TM frja*ER.LlNBf«r*«*OTOE OTKUlU ftAH«h«d every TcBi feraanuin;TwoCopi*X9CB -WE' ro*EUROi* w»BtJ*ked en the dep •«•!, at $ 5 p«r asuwm, THE 2VTT9Q3. CALJFORKIA, I* smbliaied on the der<wall,at$1 50peram.>i0*A t a Retrsslar Me< *omntitfee, held tx1 folk wing call was. adoptTO THE REPUBLICorTr.e several Ward. AM places as the regalar -V/i evening of TUESDA Y . «f choosing DeiegAW v vention, to J»e held .'a. Delegate* and two Alcei and four Delegates ax L tion to be held at Chi. e;The Republican Wart one Delegate for each E meet in Conventim In t places hereinafter d.-si .March 30, I860, and non Alternates W attend the on the 18th day of Ar;il vat** to a National Con 18*0, fox the purpo»* .,1 Vice-President.The Republican AMC the ev«ni£« of FRT f> A! Delegates and.two Alte trictlnthe Republican. April 18. 1260, to sele Convention to be dele i of nominating candi<i&tThe President of-^ac Inspectors to auperint Ward. JtshaJlbe tue election* under the folli1. The Delegates shal be permitted to vote at authorized to vote by tl tiation of the Ward ini have been duly enrolledleast one week previoni 2. The election in eocj with the rules of the Ad the Inspector* appoint^ shall act, and whose dutj a correct list of all persdthe result to the Assoc ciation, certify the eiec credentials to that eSecThe polls shall be ope p. m., except that in vu< be kept open until 10 </• mine.If is any Ward upoi that there be no electio nates, the election 1 bill same manner as hert-mThe Assembly Conve sows:party had large majorities in bota branches of Con- i gre»s. This attempt to obtain by treaty what was thus denied in another form could only be regarded as an'insidious mode of obtaining dangerous author- ity. Bence it was resisted. With that clause stricken out, the [Republicans would have sustainedconc«ntrated m»lado, or bottling sirup, under the vitle of molas- ses, or in any other maimer.Sxc. b*. And be it further enacted, That from and after the day and y« or aforesaid there sball be levied, collected, and paid, on the importation of the articles hereinafter mentioned, the follow- ing duties, that is to «ay:r'mt. O n brandy, for first proof, $ 1 per gallon; on other spiritB manufactured or dntilled from grain, for fitst proof, 40 eeuts per gallon; rn spirits from other materials, for first proof, 40 centsenacted, That from and afterall kinds, not otheiwise provided for; caps, hate, muffs, and tip-pets of fur, end all other manufactures of fur, or of which far . shall be a component material; caps, gloves, leggins, mits, socks, stockings, wove shirts and drawers, and all similar articles made on frames, of whatever material composed, worn by men, women, tr children, and not otherwise piovided for; carbonate of magne- sia; card-cases, pocket-books, shell boxes, souvenirs, and all similar articles, of whatever material composed; carriages, and parts of carriages; clocks, and pans of clocks; clothing, ready- made, and wearing apparel of every description, or whatever material compesed, except wool, made up or manufactured wholly or in part by the tailor, seamstress, or manufacturer;rules and regulations a3 may be necessary to protect the revenue again3t fraud, and to secure the identity, character, and weight of all such importations when again -withdrawn and exported, restricting and limiting the export and withdrawal to the same port of entry where imported, and also limiting all bonds to a period of time of not more than six months from the date of importation.Steamer—Artisan, Foster. Baltimore; Beverly, Pierce, Phila- delphia, Loper fc Kirkpatiick.the treaty, and they are ready now to prove that per gallon; on cordials and liquors of all k'nds, 5i>cents per gal- disposition by a reconsideration. lon ; on airack, absynthe, kirs; henwasaer, ratafia, and other simi- lar >p!rituous beverages not otherwise provided for, 50 cents per This treaty was transmitted to the Senate three gallon; on bay rnrc, 25 cents pur gallon: Provided, That the duty imonths ago, and was never called up by Mr. Mason, upon brandy spiiitn, and all other spiiitnous beverages herein enumerated, shall be collected upon the basis of first proof, aad the Chairman of the Foreign Relations, until the «o in proportion for any greater strength than the strength of first day before it expired by its own limitation, and proot;-on Madeirn, sherry, and port whies, in cask* or bottleH, then at the ins:ance of Gen. Cass. He and his i5 cents per gallon; on champagne and sparkling wines, BurgundySEC. 27. And be it furtlierabatement or.diminution of duty shall be aUewed by reason or on account of any damage or depreciation inSteamship Chesapeake, Crowell, Portland, mdse. and pas*, to H. B. Cromwell & Co.Ship Zone (of Portland, Maine), Wells, Shields 72 days, ooel and rxdse. to master. March 11, lac 37 59, Ion 59 33, spoke ship Altxonder (of N. B.), 28 daj* from Mooile for Liverpool. Tho Zone has experienced heavy W. and N. W. gales.Ship Vic: oria, Anderson, London 45 ays, mdse. and 18 pa*». t o E. E. Morgan. Between ion. 40 and 50, experienced very heavy N. W . gales.Sbip Univeri-e, Dewar, Liverpool 38 dsys. coal and 29 pas*, to Williams & Gui< n. Feb. 29, lat 45 12, Ion. 35 45, J. W . Kelly, a sesmsn, fell overboard, and w»* drowned.in its rejection, because, if it had beea considered tles, 30 cents per gallon; on all other wines not enumerated, 30 goods of similar description, 30 per centam ad valorem; peT.centom.ad valortm: Provided, That ell imitations of brandy and on ull manufactures of wool, or of which wool properly, an amendment could have been carried, or spirits, or of any of the said wines, and all wines imported by shall be a component mutorial, not otherwi»e provided for, 30 per -which would have relieved the whole difficulty, and any names whatever, sball be subject to the duty provided lor centum ad valorem. Fourth- On oil-cloth, lor floois, Biahiped, the genuine article which it is intended to represent, and to the pain'ed,or printed, valuedat 50 c«i.ts or loss, per square yard, insured the ratification. They supposed it was only highest rates of duty applicable to the article of the same nama: 20 per centum ad valorem; valued at over 50 cents per square-necessary to demand a vote at option, and did not Provided, Jurther, That brandies, or other spbituous Hquorn, yard, 20 per centum ad valorem; on all other oil-cloth 3'J porSEC. 28. And be it further enacted, That the annual laws, shall hereafter be made up and completed byseem to realize until the yeas and nays were called may be imported in bottles, when the p*ckage shall contain not lees than six dozen, and all bottles shall pay a separate duty, ac- that the Republicans have now the power to check cordix? to the rate establi«hed'by th*s act, whether containing - up'the rashness which has hitherto rnled our di- wines, brandies, or other spirituous liquors subject to duty, ashereinbefore mentioned. - .plomacy. When Mr. Slidell became sensible of thatstern fact for the first time, he stormed furiously, Second. On cigars of all kinds, 50 cents per pound, and in ad-centum od valorem.SEC. 14. And be it further enacted, That from and after the day and year afoiesaid there shall be levied, collected, and paid, on the impoit uiion of the articles hereinafter mentioned, the fol- lowing dudes, that is to say: Firsv.. On all manufactures of cot-the Kegister of the Treasury, under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, so as to comprehend and include, in tabular form, the quantity by weight or measure, as well as the amount ot value of the several articles of foreign commerce, whether dutiable or otherwise; and also a similar and separate statement of the commerce of the United States with'the British provinces, under the late, so called, Reciprocity Treaty with Great Britain.dition thereto, 10 per centum, ad valorem; on snuff, 10 cents perhut impotently. Perhaps the lesson then taught pound; on unmanufac'.ured tobacco in kaf, 20 per contain, ton not bleached, colored, stained, painted, or printed, and not may furnish some useful instruction hereafter. It ad \alorem; on all other manufactured orunmanufactured tobac- exceeding one hundred threads to the squaro inch, counting thecoach and harness furniture of all kinds; combs of all kinds; com-positions of glass or paste, when set; composition tops of after the day and year aforesaid, any and all goods, tables, or other articles of furniture; comfits, sweetmeats.co, 30 per centum, ad valorem. wa-p and filling, and exceeding in weight five ounces per square will at least serve to invite the attention of the rev- Sxc. 7. And be it Jurther enacted, That from and after yard, 1 cent per yard; on finer or lighter goods of like descrip- elers to the handwriting on the wall notifying them the-day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected, and tion not exceeding ono hundred and forty thieads to tho sqnareso. certainly will he have to encounter a unitedbeside discovering himself deserted by some of factures of steel, or of which steel shall be acomponent part, not. any other manufacture not otherwise provided for, suitable forBELCHER—On Monday, March 19, Dr. Elisha R. Belcher of this city, in his 69th year.otherwise provided ^for, 30 per centum ad valorem: Provided, the uses to which cotton begging is applied, whether composed those who are now confidently certain beyond all That all article* partially manufactured, not Otherwise provided in whole or in part of hemp or ilax, or any otherull other kinds; twines and pactt-thread, of whatever materialcomposed, not otherwise provided for; umbrellas; vellum; vel-vet, when printed or painted; wafers; water, colom; webbing, wich, Conm, for interment. composed of wool, cotton, flax, or any other materials.peradventure. His defeat has been prefigured ever for, shall pay the same rate of dnty as if wholly rnanalactured.JBy T e l e g r a p h .HIGHLAND8, March 19, sunset. -One ship and one bark near the Bar, bound in. Wind moderate from E ; fosgy orf shore.FORTLAFAYETTE,March19,sunset.—TheBremenship Helene, from Bremen, is passing up the Narrow*. One bark and one brig in tho bay, bound in. Wind moderate from the E.; weather hazy.description, usod for chemical or manufacturing purposes, nototheiwise provided for; alcornoque; all-books, maps, charts, week's numbers, there is a better feeling among the drovers, and crossed the Bar for Havana and New-Orleans at 5:15 p. m. Three mathematicalnautieolinstruments,philosophicalapparatus,and priceshaveadvanced£0.^ 115liveweightonthecommongrades ships,twobarksandtwobrigsanchoredatthoSpit,boundout. all otter articles whatever imported for the use of the United and Jc. on extra. The quality is good this week, but there are Wind fresh from E. S. E.; weather cloudy.sincche revived the controversy on Squatier Sov- ereigntyinHarper'sMagazine,andprovokedadis- cussion with political friends who desired peace.Seventh. On coal, 75 cents per ton of twenty-eight bushols, eightv pounds to the bushel; on coke and calm ol' coal, 25 per centumndvalorem.material, or imported under the des'gnation ofgunny cloth, or any other appellation, 2 cent*per square yard; on sail duck, 25 per centum ad valorem; Rus-siaandotLersheetings,brownandwhite.25percentum advalorem ; and on all other manufactures of hemp, or of which mentloned, and embraced in tnis.section, shall be exempt from hemp shall be a component purt, not otherwise provided t'or+ZO duty, that is to say, acids, acetic, acetous, benzoic, boracio, per centum ad valorem; on unmanufactured flax, $15 por tun; muriatic, oulphuric, and pyroligntous, and all acid* of everySzc. 8. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Every day weakens his strength, and gives evidence day and year aforesaid there shall be levied, collected, and paid of a.giving way even on the part of his Northern on the importation of the articles hereinafter mentioned the fol- lowing duties, that is to say: Firet: On load, in pigs and bars, 1 adherents. Theynowfeelthatdefeatisinevitable, centperpound;onoldscraplead,fitonlytobere-manufactured, and begin like rats to run from the sinking ship. 1 cent per pound; on lead in sheets, pipes, or shot, 1\ cent par And what is worse than aD, it U evident that he ?ouud; on pewter, when old, ond fit only to be re-manufactured, will not be able to transfer his vote so as to control cent per pound. Second. .On copper in p>gr, bsrs, or ingots, 2 . c«nts per pound; on copper, when old and tit only to be re-man- the nomination. After the first ballot he will be ufactorec", one cent and a half per pound; on sheathing copper in comparatively powerless, the Douglas men bolting sheets, fortj-eight inches long and fourteen inches wide, andweighing from fourUen to thirty-four' ounces the. (square foot,•with the cry sauve qui peut! , 2 cents per pound; on copper rods, bolts, nails, spikes, copperbottoms,copperinsheetsorplates,called brazier's copper, andother sheets of copper not otherwise provided for, 25 per centum THE NEW T ARIFF BILL. and valorem.The bill yestexdayjreported to the House by Mr. SKC. 9. And be it further enacted. That from and after the day and year aforesaid there shall be levied.'Collected, and paid, on M O R R I L L of V t , on behalf of the Republican ma- the importation of the articles hereinafter mentioned the follow- ing duties, that is to say: First. On white or r«d lends, sugar ofon tow of flax, $5 per tun; on grass cloth, 25 por centum ad valorem; on all other manufactures of jute or Sisal gross, not otherwiseprovidedfor.20percontumadvalorem.SEC. 16. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected, and paid, en tho importation of the articles hereinafter mentioned, the fol- lowing duties, that is to say: First. On silk, raw, not more ad- vanced in manufacture than singles, tram, and thrown or organ- zine, 10 per cerjtuin ad valorem; on all silks valued ut nit over $1 per square yard, 20 per centum ad valorem; on all silks valued at over $1 per square yard, 30 per centum ad valorem ; on all(si'kvelvets,orvelvetBof whichsilk is the component ma- terial of chief volue, valued at $ 3 per squaro yard, or under, 25 per centum ad valorem; valued at over $3 per square yaiKi, 30 per.centum od valorem; on floss silks. 20 per centum ad valoiom; on silk twist, twist composed of mohair and silk, sewing silk inthe gum or purified, and all other manufactures of silk, or ofWEST AXBANT. March 19,1860. CATTI.K—The receipts having fallen off 700 head from lastSANDY HOOK, March' 19, sunset.—Steamer Empire Citywhich silk shall be the component material of chief value, not • Jority of that Committee, is herewith given. A lead, nitrate of load, litharge, or acetate of lead, dry or ground otheiwise provided for, 30 per centum ad valorem.CattleCattle Sheep Hogs....January 30,330 49,735 4,440cutta ; 27th, ship Noruiern Crown, from Calcutta for London. Also arr.. schrs. Einpure (Br.), Irom St. John's for Porto Rioo;E. C. Knight, from Trinidad.NORFOLK. March 19.—The bark Swan, from Clenfuegos forJin oil, one cent and a half per pound; on chromate, SKC. 17. And be it further enacted. That, from and after thofew alterations have probably been subsequently biuhiomate, hydriodate, and prussiate of potash, chromic day and year aforesaid, there shall bo levied, collected, and paid, sively in dyeing or in composing dyes, but no article shall beCor'ng week Av. w'kly reo't* .Total sams Baltimore, with molasses, is ashore on Cape Henry, and themade; but, as originally prepared and agreed to, it acid, and salts of iodine, and resublimcd iodine, fifteen per on the importation of the articles hereinafter mentioned, the fol-classed as such that-has undergone any manufacture: birds, sing- ing or other, and land and water fowls; biamuth, bitter apples, bolting cloths; bones, burnt, and bone dust: Books, maps, and charts, imported by authority of the Joint Library Committee of Congress for the use of the Library of Congress: Provided, That if, in any oase, a contract shall have been made with any book- seller, importer, or other person aforesaid, shall have paid the duty or Included the duty in 8bid contract, in such case tiie duty shall be remitted. Borax, crude or tincal; boucho leaves; brass, in pigs or bars, or when old and fit only to be renianufactured;last year. 2,576435 518last year. date last year. vessel and cargo will probably be a total loss. Eight of the mencentum ad valorem; on whiting, 25 cents per one hundred is as follows: pounds; on Palis white, and ochres or ochiey earths not other- wise provided"for, when dry, 35 cents per one hundred pounds;lowing duties, that is to say: First. On cylinder window glass and other window glass, not otherwise provided fir, 20 por centum ad valorem; on all plain and mould and press glassware,2,542 4,112 71523,984 49,931 8,952have been landed, but five are still ou board, and at the mercy oi the waves. '• The schr. Henry W. JotDson, from New-York, has arr. herss-A B I L L to provide for the payment of outstanding. Treasury on uxber , 50 cents p«r one hundred pounds ; on putty, one cent not cut, engraved, or painted, 25 per centum ad valorem; on allThe Cattle are from the several States and Canada in the fol with damage to rigging and sail*, received in a gale. Richard lowing numbers:Kotes, to authorize a Joan, to regulate and fix the duties on per pound; on linseed, flax seed, hemp seed, and rape aeed oil,plate, rough plate, and crown window glass, 30 por centum ad valorem; on all articlesof glass, cut, engraved, painted, colored, .printed, stained, silvered, or gilded, 30 per contum ad valorem; on porcelain and Bohemian glass, glass crystals for watches, paintings on glass, ghtsst s or pebbles for spectacler, and all manu-Illinois Ohio. New-York533 Missouri..... ...293 ,Mirhigan.150 Perry, the mate, and Thomas Trivett, a seaman, were washed16 cents per gahon of seven and a half pounds; on alum, alum Be it enacted by the SSenate and House of Repre- substitute, sulphate of alumina, and aluminous cake, 25 cents per one hundred pounds; on copperas, green vitriol, or sulpbate of +3cntatives of the united States of America, in Con- iron, 25 cents per one hundred pounds; on refined camphor, 6overboard.The schr. Socco (of Bridgetown), is hero, with loss of deckloaJof naval stores, and rigging damaged.imports, and for other purposes.4861 Canada, ,...2C3 Indiana ...198|119'• j^res* a**e*Uiled, That the President of the United cents per pound; on refined borax, 3 cents per pound ; on tallow, factures of glass, or 0/ which gloss shall be a component material, Brazil wood, brazilotto, and all other dye-woods, in sticks; ^States be, and hereby ia, authorized, at any time with- 1 cent per pcund; on tallow candles, 2 cents per pound; on not otberwiHe provided for, 20 per contum ad valorem. Second. breccia, in blocks or slabs; brimstone, crude, in balk; brime;xperui&c* ti or wux candles and taper*, and on candles. and tapers On china and porcelain ware of all descriptions, 30 per centum ad bullicn, gold, and silver; burr-atones, wrought and unwrought, in twelve months from the passage of this act, to bor- ol spermaceti and wax combined, 8 cents per pound; on stearin valorem; on all brown earthen and common stoneware, 20 per but unmomifactured; Cabinets of coins, medals, ond all other row, on the credit of the United States, a snm not ox- candles, and all other candles and tapers, 4 cents per pound; on centum ad valorem; on all earthen, stone.-or crockoryware, collections of antiquities; cadmium; Calamine; camphor, crude;Arr. schrs. Lotus, 12days ftom Cardenas; Rainbow, U daya And were distributed through the different yards here as fol- from Havana, with molasses.•eeedrog $21,000,100, or so much thereof as, in his spiiits-of turpentine, 10 cents per gallon; on opium, $1 per opinion,theexigenciesofthepublicservicemayre-.pound;onmorphineanditssalts,$125perounce.quire, to be applied to the payment of appropriations SKC. 10 And be xtfurther enacted, That frorn and aflerthe day made by law and the balance of Treasury Notes now ,and year aforesaid there sball be levied, collected, and paid on the impcrtatior of the articles hereinafter mentioned, the follow- outstanding, and no other purposes, in addition to the ing duties, that is to say: First. On salt, A cent* per bushel of XJK>K%7 received or which.may be received into the 56 pounds; on bristles, 4 c*nta per pound; on honey, 10 cents »er.gallon; on vinegar, 6 cents per gailon; on mackerel, $2 per Tieaspry from other source?: Provided, That no barrel; on herrings, pickled or salted, $ 1 per barrel: on pickled stipulation or contract' shall be made to prevent the salmon, £3.per barrel; on all other fish pickled, In barrels, $ 1 50 United.States from reimbursing,any snm borrowed nn- per barrel: on all other foreign fish imported otherwise than iniprinted, white, glazed, edged, painted, dipped, or cream colored, caiitharides; chalk, French chalk, and red chalk; clay, un-composedofearthyormineralsubstances,25percontumau wrought;cochineal;cobat;cocoa,cocoashells,cocoaloaves,and valorem. ' . cecoamits; coffee and tea, when imported direct from the plaoo SEC. 18. And be it further enacted, That from and after the day of their growth or production, in American vessels, or in foreignand vear aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected end paid on vessels entitled by reciprocal treaties to be exempt from dis- the importation of the articles hereinafter mentioned, the follow- . criminating duties, tunnage, ond other charges; coffee, the growthFirstquality 4:'S>4Jo. Second quality 3J®4 c . Third quality 2j®2i|o. Inferior ®24o.,36®4ic 3°d>3*o. 2i@2to-ILaYESanbisplaJ Dr. KANE, and lor , treat open Polar Sea. ior ALEXANDER L1EBER, LL.D..Dr. Hsvyes wBldeacn. including the result r for the remains of t * illustrated by maps 1The great Spring1 act biliou»»e««, at aad regulate the cente, by druggist* 1 T U R N E R BROT1 Y ,, and San FrancSavln«s Bar428 Canalnit., com* and from 5 to 7 p. to »>5CO,and nve pa day for 10j yearsder theWthority of this act at anytime after the expira- barrel* or naif barrels, or whether fresh, smoked, or < ried, salted languages, sholl pay a duty of 10 cents per pound. of indigo; extract of madder; extracts and decoctions of log-J. M. Bilborn, 32 Canada, averaging 1,356 ItJ each, at 41 cents.C. R. Austin, 32 llHnoiK, averaging 1,405 lb, at * 4 20 ^ 100 lb.G. H. Holland, 86 prime lowaa at $64 •P'head; average live from Rio Janeiro.or Jtickled, not otherwise provided for, 50 cents -g^r one hundred tion of y-wo years from the 1st day of July next, by pounds. Second. On beef and pork, 1 cent per pound; on hams the United States giving three months' notice, to be ax d bbcon, 2 cents per pound; on cheese. 4 cents per pound; on publishad,in gome newspaper published at the seatof wheat,20cent»,perbushel; on butter, 4 cents per pound; on Government, f their readiness to do so; and no oon- lard, Z cents per pound; on rye and barley, 15 cents per bushel; 0 on Jndian.com or .maize, 10 cents per bushels; on oats, 10 cents tractskalkiemadetopceventtheredemptionofthe perbo#hel;on,potatoes,10centsperbushel;onriceorpaddy, , same a* any time after toe expiration of six years from &0 cent* per one hundred pounds; on sago and sago flour, 50 cents '<!he sud Jrtjday of July aext, without notice. per, one hundred pounds; on .flaxseed or linseed, 8 cents per bushel of fifty-two pounds; on hemp or rape seed, 8 cents per : w-~ An* I* tt further enacted,'Ihte stock shall bushel cf fifty-two pounds; on rawhides and skins of all kinds, .Ue issued for^ie amount«oUrrowed, bearing interest whether dried, salted, or pickled, not otherwise provided for, 5SKC. 19. And be it further enacted, That from and after the wood, and other dye-woods, not otherwise provided for; felt, ad- •day and your tiforeoaid thore ahull bo levied, collected, aud hesive, for sheathing veaselB; flints, flint ground; fiah, fresh caught, paid a duty of 10 per centum on the importation of the for doily consumption; fuller's earth: gamboge; ginger root; articles hereinafter mentioned ami embraced in this section, gums, Arabic, Barbary, East India, Jeddo, Sonegal, TiOgacanth, that i* to say: acids, nitric, yellow and white oxalic and tartaric, Benjamin or Benzoin, myrrh, and all other gums and roBlns in aweight 1,450 IB.Heath it Dresser, 46 Michigan at $69 f head; estimated atnot excee*w2^x per cent per annum; and the Sec- per centum ad valorem. eaQbeans or seeds; \ chronometers, box or ship's, ond parts States in tho same condition as when exported, Upon which now\!r*" K«!ly.M''»«»»«»•* $57 *Vhead; average 1,250 lb. R. Mumford, 11 Miohigan, averaging 1.276 lb at8Ic.G. Lloyd, 16 fair Canada Steers at 4j'o. ^ lb; avera*o 1,800'IB. A. Smith, 16 Michigan at $ 6 2 ^ head; average 1,400 lb, buy-er'a estimate. • .T.W.Gooding,18goodMichffconat$61$>heador4So.*>lbSSS/kr ^57^^*bereby,authorized, 8KC.11.Audteitfurtherenacted,Thatfromandafterthe • ^ ^ f ^ f ^ °f *1 F r e « ^ ^ t o car&e certificates duy and year aforesaid there shall be levied, collected, and paidthereof; chiccory root; coculus indicus; compositions ofglasB or paste, not sot, intended for use by jewellers; corn meal; lations to uBcertain the Identity thereof prescribed by ex-. Jte£ifteT and M&Jed with the teal of the Treasury De- eotornotset; engravings or plates, bound or unbound: ergot,pound; on cassia buds, 8 cents per pound; on oioves. 2 flocks, wuBte or shoddy'; fruit, green, ripe, or dried, not other- effects, old, and in use of persons or families irom foreign coun-partment, for tfce araount »o borrowed, in favor of the cents per pound; on pepper, 2 cents per pound; on cay- wise provided for; furs, dressed or undressed, when on tho skin; tries, if used abroad by them und n it intended for any other perpiruea. lending the *ame, or their aeaign«, which certi- enne pepper,- 3 cents per pound; on ground cayenne pep- furs, hatters', dressed or undressed, when not on tho skin; ginger, son or persons or for sale; hair of all kinds, uncleaned and unmanficatea may be trauMdcrred on the book* of theTreaeurv per, 4 cents p*r pound; on pimento, 2 cents per pound; ground, preserved or picklod; goldbeaters' skin; green turtle; ufactnrtd, and all long horse hair, used for weaving, cleansed or under autto regulatdccs a> may bo eetabUahed by the on cinnamon, 10 cents per pound; on mace and nut- grindstones, wrought or finished; gum, copal; gum, substitute, unclonnsod, drawn or undrawn; India rubber, in bottles, slabs, orof cotton, arr. here Feb. 28, leaking 1,600 strokes per hoar, with, four feet list. . A survty has been called, and the ship ordered to be discharged to find the leak. Tbe sbip Ladoga sailed on 24ttt Feb. for Boston, having partially stopped the lesk, and restowed her cargo.' The ship Hero is loading, and if the weather p r o w favorable she will be ready for sea by April 1.CENTRAL RAILROAD OF I^EW-JERSEY--Connectinr. at New-Hampton with tho ^ f^. » *3* T,me]c, JL5cent* per pound; on prune*, 2 cents per pound; on Secretary of the Tre»nury: Provided, That no certi- " 1 cent ner Dound,or burnt starch; hair of all kinds, cleaned, but unmanufactured,sheets, unmanufactured; India rubber, milk of; indigo; ioe;plumi, 1 cent per pound; on datesJ of 1 cent per pound; on cur-providedafap,That,wheneverrequired,taeSeeretary muscatel,andbloomraisins,eitherinboxesorjars,2centsper berries;lemonandlimejuice;lime;liquoricepaste,orjuice: old,andoakum;kelp;lucdye;lacspiritB:lucsulphur;oftheCityof\Va*b:iD#to»,andinoneormorepublic ponnd:krovxded, Thatanywoolofthesheep,orbairofthe newijpipers in o£her nfifift.ot the Umted §kates, public ^ ^ i * * * g o a t V Uld ***** Uk*» animal*, which shall be lav notice that Rqpded. proposals /or such loan will be re- ported in any other than itic ordinary condition, as now andwiseprovidedfor;saltpeter,ornitrateofsodaorpotashwhen renned»or partially rotined; salts of tin; sarBaperilla; sepia; shaddock; sheathing paper; sponge*; spnnk; squills; tapioca;maceti, whale, and other fish of American fisheries, and all other articles tho produce of such fisheries j orpiwout, or sulphate of •rscnio; painting* and statuary, the production of A.moncau ag-Win.S.SOOIIUUBtook184fortheBrightonmarket,averaging llfllb.atGio.2;'«>"i*aA-BS• 'XT'ofe«entBpcrputt^l anything in this act to the c6ntmy.notKIDO,spelter, and teuteneguo, unmanufactured. . "THE mOXRAGV^J^AXX^^A^Bm^ \ ^ ^ S ^ ^ ^ ^jsr-jteJt^l <;-<^— CO?f^B5fTl0^v**<P ""-•'.' r'^teimay cfceoee to at»eria, and the proposa ceiltB per pound: Provided further, That if bales of different or unbound;- blue, or romtn vitriol, or "sulphate of coppor: not wbolly of copper, nor wholly or in part of iron, ungalvan-s w ; most favorable offered by " * » • £ * bidders for saw whereby the aveiape price nboll bolc'scned.-more than 10 per timber, and timber to be used m Duiidlng wharves; brick, fire- as reeled from the o c o o n , not being doubled, twist- ' ' W A S M S N J T O S , March IB, 1860. centuu>, the value of the whole shall bo appraised according to brick, and roofing aad paving tile, not other wise provided £>*;; cd, or advanced in' manufacture in any way; smalt*:*-•¥*-•Thft organ* of &e Adcninwtarition, great and greet, at the commenceaentot the next J J * ^ ^ } shall bo liable to a less rate of duty in cons*quonce of being in-Thoroday trvexong, when that instrument which he S^TbatnostocrshaU be disposedof at leas than 1Aubtttson patent velvet. Tournay velvet, and tapostty velvettn thip Victoria, from Jxmdon—Hx. and Mrsv E . James), R. A, RustelLasoek. Andthe.eaid Seireury^all wportto ^ the value of the bale, of the best qualitj, and no ba'e or boloB voiced with wool of lower value: Provided alto, That sheep-skins, jaw rr unmanufactured, imported with the wool on, washed oi unwashed, shall be subject to a duty ofl5 por centum ad valoTeni. ,SEC. 18. And be it further enacted, That from and after the day and y#ar nfoiesoid there sholl bo levied, /bollectfd, and pniw, on tbe importation of the articles hereinafter mentioned thoburgundy pitb ; brimstone in roll*; nastoroil; caatoram; choco- specimens of natural history, mineralogy, or botany; stone- late-, chromate of lead; cirk; cotton laces, cotton inserting*, ware, not ornamented, above the capacity of ten gallons;EXCHANGES ;' ^ Cn»€is^ATr. Mfcrch 19.—Money market slightly easier; 8ig]gfrbm<11fe"C«»OC?ft«i<m * w a to T&e NeusXvrk - tf% V.,teraltL, wsem tx> bowl in comiext over the rejection of t&e Nkjaragaa treaty. They only -echothe virtu- ous an a dikintexk&ted. bc^gaation of Mr. Slidell oncarpetH and carpeting ond all medallion or whole enrpe-.s, 50 wea understood, was knocked into a cocked hat. **<££ fTMnd be itfurther enacted, That the faith of cents per squaieyard; on Brussels and tapestry Brassels carpetsT3*e two 8ettators fretn Lonisiana worked zealously meDt of the interest and the redemption of the princi- worsted chain Venetian carpets and carpeting, 25 cents porfcr/fce1*ea:3,'an*a th*ydonotoftenworkwithout squareyard;onallotherkindsofcarpetsandcarpetingof wool, ble,intherougb,slab,orblock,unmanufactured,andnotsquared'totem?88 the expense of taking such loans: Pro- following duties, that is to»ay: First. On Wilton, Sazony andArrived*had *o ircvich-at heart, "and for reasons ihat a * very y; the United States is hereby pledged for the due pay- and carpe in*, 35 cents per squaro yard; on all treble ingrain andIn brig Henrietta, from Rio Janeiro—Mr. Branch aud wife, H , Hasan. *.pal of *aid stock. , Ahemp, nax. or cotton, or partsofeitherorotherma'erial, notother- dressed or polished; mats of cocoa nut; matting, China, an wise specified, a duty of 30 per centum ad valorem: Provided, a*the.goat,alpaca,andother like animals, unmanufactured, the value whereof at the Jast port or place from whence exported to the United States shall be 16 cent*, or under, per pound.XrwiATT/Kll AnXAjTAO.Sun—Rise*..... 6:03 | Set* 6:12 ( Moon—Rises... 4:56 HIGH WATKR THIS DAT.an -sl^ectjtis tne Houmas claim and the Mexican SEC 5. And U %t further enacted. That from and That cat?, rugs, fcreons, covers, hateocks, bedsides, and other por- other floor mattipg, and mats made'of flags, jute or grass; t r e a t y , P l a n t s fostering care of the Tehuantepcc after the first day of October next, in lieu of the duties tions of carpvto or carpeting shall pay the rate of duty herein im- •mercurial preparations, not otherwise provided for;SEC.23.Andbeitfurtherenacted,Thatfromand SandyHook...6:30|GOT.Island...7:201Hell-Gate after the day and year aforesaid ihere shall be levied,heretoforeimposedbylawonthearticleshereinafter posedoncarpetsorcarpetingofsimilarcharacter;onallother medicinalroot*andloaves,andallotherdrugsandmedi- K'««te,'*aDnndantry attest. The Republicans have mats, screens, bascocks, and rngs, a duty of 30 per centum.ad va- cines in a crude state, not otherwise provided forjb « a ieoouiiced for this defeat, when the fact » mentioned, and on such as may new be. exempt, from lor* m. Fecox-d. On all woolen cloths, or cloths of which wool metala unmanufactured, not otherwise provided for; duty, there shall be levied, collected, aad paid, on the shall bo the chief component material, fulled or milled, kerseys mineral and bituminous substances in a erode state, not other- '*tffcoriOTSthat the-onslaught wasmade by Mr. VYig- goods, wares, and merihandise herein enumerated and and.plaim, valued at 25 cents per square3ardand under, aduty of wise provided for; musical instruments of all kinds, and stringsAB-of Texas m a speech, which demonBtrated that proviOrd for, imported from foreign countries, the fol-^ 20 per centum ad valorem; on all cloths, cassimerea, kerseys, for musical instruments of whip, gut, or catgut, and all other9:01tfcetreaty should not be confirmed m the shape pre- lowing duties and rates of duty, that is to say:sented to the Senate. It was he, too, who led off Fixn. On r»w sugar, coznmonlj called Muscovado or brown »ug»T, not advanced beyond its raw state by claying, boiling,bm kskins, doeskins, tweeds, plains, and felts, or goods of a simi- strings of tho same material; needles of all kinds for Bewing, lar character, valued at 25 cents and not eiceeding 75 cents per darning, and knittina; oils, neatsfoot and other animal oils, squere yard; a cuty of 16 centB per pound, and in addition • permaceti, whole and otbor fiah oil, the produce of foreign thereto 2^ per centum ad valorem; valued, at over 75 cents per fisheries ;•oils, volatile, essential or expressed not otherwise pro-OFNEW-YORK......MARCH J9.^"the debate xrpon the Mexican treaty, and so com- claijjyinj;, or other procesn, 1 cent per pound: on syrup of sugar square yaid, a duty of 16 cents per pound, and in addition thereto vided for"; osier or willow prepared for basketmasers' use; ifl&elyannihilatedthatcontrivancethatMr. Mason, or ol xu^ar-ciuie and concentrated molasses or concentrated 25percentum ad valwein; on all beaver cloths, duffil cloths, paints,diyorground inoil,nototherwise providedfor: paper-SEC. 24. And be it further enacted, That all goods, wares, and merchandise, which may be in the publicCleared. * /• Steamships—Empire City, Griffin, Havana, Livingston, Croch*®B *ni«*la4o, 1 cent per ponnd; on white and clayed soKara, when pilot clothe, pcferehams, felt cloths, or similar cloths, luitable with all his professed haste for a division, has never advanced beyond the raw state, not above number twelve, Dutch for overcoats or blankets, and valued at $1 or lees per squarehangings and paper for screens or fireboards; periodicals andother works )n course.of printing and republication in the United etores on the day and year aforesaid, shall be subject eron k Co.; Tetuan, Thomps n, Havana, master.»tandard, by claying, boiling, clarifying, or other process, and yard, a duty of 16 cents per pound, and in addition thereto 15States; pitch; quicksilver; quills; Roman cement; rosin; hard- to no other duty upon the entry tnerebf than if theware, silverpltttei, brass, brass plated or covered, not othorwiw same were imported respectively after that day. * *. provided for; salts, epsom, gkuber, Rocholle, and all othor stilts SEC. 25. And be it further enacted, That wherevernot otherwise provided for; hops; horns, horn-tips, bones, bone-iron; teazles; torne tin, in plates or sheets; tin foil; tin,ceived until a ^ r t ^ n far, to h# 8peci&9d ins»ch no- or condition for the purpo. <« of f a d i n g the duty, or which shall lasgars ir or sheets; vanilla boons; vegetables, not otherwise ists residing abroad, and all other paintiugH and statuary Pro- 121U lb each, and *old for flje^ » , live weight.beretofoxe practiced, or xbtefa «ball be changed in its charactertice, not'leee th#« thirty ikys froot its m7t insertion in be reduced in value by tho i/dwixtajre of dirt or any foreign sub- | in pbitoa vtded, The Borne be Imported In good faith a* object* of tastePassenMrs for the Delaware. Lackawanna, and W«**«£i » • £ road wUlleave New-York at 8 a m. from foot CottrtiaodVst, oe M11.cn Cows.—-The demand ia.light and the supply uunauaHy ^SQfrom Pier2 N. R. only: for Lehigh Val^Rsilxoadrt « « «* W^hipj^n newspaper) a«d tftfb wt"^ ahajl «t*^stanwto1v(*nt*nerpoundo.*]$nfand not of merchandi»e j palm leaf, uinnaunfaotriredi Pearl! a^tfb«subjecttopaya.fatyJprpyfcbd»'•«"<"--1•—--~-•'-—•».wo«.»u.v».i.»vHuunin »"»•«viv.iu»iwiw.ui.uiyanu «>«"}"iwiiatiumctnroa)Lean,for; YerdigJls; vermilion; watohen and part* of watch- J mother of1pwsorial and household effects, not merchandise, ofThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069large. Some30weresoldatprice*rangingfrom$25to$40. floes.—None hi market.lian£ftomfootofCoarUwd£stT«dat^Waadjl:»anu.ro»Pier2N: R. ordy.J5H(•35JE54--cPOding 16 cent* per pound, it shall be charg^ with a duty of 8 timony, tartate of; acide, oi<ric and tartaric; blank books, bound •crude: sandal wood; seedlac; sheathing metal, or yellow metal, by thiWcretary of the Treasury, ^ S S S S t S k toitfl mo embraced in the sarr.e invoice, at the same price, boart' B, planks staves, laths, scantling npars, twwn and sawed ized; shellac, shingle-bolta and stave'-bolt*; silk, raw, orSEC729. And be it furtlier enacted, That from and paid. On tbe importation of the articles hereinafter mencioned, inch, counting the warp and filling, 2 cents per square yard; on or fruits preserved in sugar, brandy, or molasses, and wares, or merchandise importedfrom any foreign coun-that the hour of their dismissal is near at hand. If the following duties, thai is to say: First, On bar-iron, rolled or goods of .like description ©xceeoing 140 threads and not exceed- not . otherwise provided for; coral, cat or manufactured: tries and entered for warehousing or deposited in the1st Assembly D Ild Assembly D Illd Assembly D IVth Assembly D Vth Aesembiv O Vlth Assembly D Vllth Assembly D VHUh AssembW E IXth Assembly D Xth Assembly Dthey take the rejection of a treaty so hard, what will hammered, comprising flats, not leB» than one inch or more than they say when the White House and the Departments J six Inches wide, ncr less than one-qnartcr of one inch or more than one inch thick; rounds, not less thin five-eighths Of oneing two hundred threads to the square inch, counting tho warp and filling, 3 cents per square vurd; on all goods embraced in the foregoing schedules, if bleached, there shall be levied, collected,cotton cords, gimps, and galloons; cotton laces, colored ; court- plaster; crayons of all kinds; cutlery of all kinds; diamonds, gems, pearlp, rubies, and other precious stones, and imitations ofpublic stores, in consequence of the daties not being.Bark Eliza Bans (Br.), Cooper, Bermuda 7 days, mdae. and 1 ; are ordered to be vacated, and th8 eighty millions a inch or more than three inches in diameter; and squares, not less and paiCj an additional duty of h of 1 cent per square yard, precious stones, wnen set in gold, silver, or other metal; dolls lowing conditio!ato wit, that the same shall be with- pass, to Tucker &. Lightbonrne.year turned over to honest and clean-hands 1The tariff of hotel prices at Charleston has been raised, in order to keep the company select, and to •confine the Convention to the silk-stocking Democ-and toys of all kinds; encauetio tiles; epaulets, galloons, laces, drawn from* tne warehouse or public stores within 30 Brig Bion Bradbury (of East-port), Benton, Cienfuego* Feb. 27, knots, stars, tassels, tresses, and wings of gold, silverOr other day8 from the time and date of the entry, for domestic sugar, &CJ to Brett, Son 4i Co. Experienced heavy weatherthan five-tJgbths of one inch, or more than three inches square, $15 per tun: Provided, That all i'on in slabs, blooms, loops, or other fo*ms, less finished than iron in bars, and more advancedand if printed, painted, colored, of stained, there shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty of one-cent per square yord in ad- dition to the rates of duty provided in the foregoing schedules:tiono of rolled or 'hammer? d iron, not otherwise provided for, threads to the square inch, connting the warp and filling, shall be household ;'hair pencils; hat bodies of cotton; hats and bonnbts lstates; and in no case shall any goods, wares, or mer-than pig iron, except castings, shall be rated as iron in bars, and pay a duty accordingly ; on all Iron imported in bars for railroads or inclined planes, made to patterns, and fitted to be laid downProvided, that upon all cotton goods not inclnded in the fore- going schedules ond upon cotton goods of every description, the value of which sball exceed IS cents per square yard, there shallmetal:.fans and fire-screens of every description, of whatevermaterial composed ; feathers and flowers, artificial or ornamental,arjd parts thereof, of v hatever material composed; flats, braids,consumption, and the duty thereon shall be duly paid iu cash at the time of such withdrawal, or be thereafter prohibited Jrom being withdrawn except for the pur- pose of exportation beyond the limits of the Umted'most of the passage; split sails, lost head rail, &c; was 8 dsys N. of Hatteras.Brig Kossuth (of Sullivan), Stratton, Jacksonville 12 days, yel- low pine to J. Holmes. Experienced very heavy weather; been blown across the Gulf 8troam twice.Brig Birchard it Torrey, Cole, Jacksonville 12 days, yeHow pine, bound to Boston.Brig Henrietta (Br.), Hodsdon, Rio Janeiro 55 days, coffee to Monis, Bandall it Co.Brig Sophie (Swedish), Sarson, Cette 50 days, wine to master.Schr. Susan, Bearse, Boston 3 days, mdse. .to Stark W . Lewis &.Co.Schr. Jonas Smith, Dayton, Wilmington, N. C , -7 days, naval stores to Jonas Smith it Co.• Schr. Starlight, York, Cardenas 13 days, sugar, &c, to Thomp-plats, sparterre, and willow squares, used for making hats or bon- racy. While the people of that region are Free upon such roads or-planes, without further manufacture, $12 be levied, collected, and paid, a duty of 25 per centum ad valorem: nets; firecrackers; frames and sticks for umbrellas; parasols, Traders in, their national theories, they appear to be p«-rtun; on boiler plate iron, $20 per tun; on all other descrip- and provided, further, that no cotton goods having more than 200 and sunshades, finished or unfimsted; furniture, cabinet andNotice of the time .at be given by each Ward days previous to th* fitHARYBT T. CutVKL. JAJSJM Cc8Higg, jr.,sound Protectionists in their local economy. Patri- $1 per one hundred pounds. Second. On iron in pi^s, $6 per admitted at a less re.te of duty than is provided for goods which for men, women, and children, composed of. straw, chip, grass, otic champions of Presidential candidates will tun; on vetsels of cast iron, not otherwise provided for, and on ore of that number of threads. Second: On spool thread of cot palm-leaf, willow, or any other vegetable substance, or of hair, sad-iions, tailors' and hatters' irons, stoves and stove plutes, one ton. containing filty yards-or less each, 2£ cents per dozen spools; whalebone, or other material, not otherwise provided for; hu- escape cheaply if their purses only contract at the cent per psund; on cast iron butts and hinges, and hollow wore, containing ovor 50 yards and not over 100 yards each, 4 cents per man bair, cleansed or prepared for use; ink and ink powder; ja- rate of S10 a day. The hotel charges for eating glazed or tinnei, two cents per pound; on all other costings of dozen spools -, containing 100 yards and not over 150 yards each, 6 panned, patent or enameled leather or skins of all kinds; ja-chandise as aforesaid, so imported and entered or de-posited for warehousing, be entitled or permitted to beentered^ for domestic consumption unless the same hasbeen withdrawn within the time heretofore mentioned:Provided, That goods, wares, or merchandise whichshall have been withdrawn as aforesaid, and whichV oniurJUen'M CN RIkjrULAJi MEL T lican Committee win b way, at 7$ o'clock, 'I attendance is requekieii A. C. HIIJW, Secreteiron, not otherwise provided for, 25 per centum ad valorem. and sleeping at large are $7 per diem to begin with. Third. On old sccap iron. $ 6 per tun. Provided, That nothing Of course, everything else will be scaled by the shall be deemed old iron that ha* not been in actual use, and lit only to be remannfnetured. Fourth. On bund and hoop iron, same arbitrary rule, for the colored gentleman who slit rods for nails, nuts and horse-shoes, not otherwise provided blacks your boots will expect to start for Liberia for, and cut nails and spikes, $20 per tun; on iron cables or chains, or parts thereof, anchors, or parts thereof, and anvils, $ 1 immediately alter the nomination. This prospect 50 per one hunt'red pounds; on wrought board nails, spikes, riv- disheartens some of the most enthusiastic Demo- ets, and bolts, 2 cents per pound; on bed Bcrews, wrought hinges, crats, who chafe under the expected extortion, and trace chains, halter chain*, and fence chains, 1 cent and a half per pound; on blacksmiths' hammers and sledges, axle-trees, or parts contemplate*vith sad forebodings the disappoint- theieof, and malleable iron in castings, not otherwise provided for, 2 cent* per pound; onhofse-shce nails, 3 cents and a half perceeding sixtren ounces to the thousand, 2 cents per thousand; factures of flax, or of which flax shall be the component materialAiron, 2 cents per pound; on wrought iron railroad chairs, $1 25if they can combine t:> reach Charleston, will, per- per ore hum red pounds; on cut tacks, brads, and sprigs, nat ex- per square yard, 30 per centum ad valorem; on all other manu-are hereby repealed. "•• toes to D. R. DewoifSchr. Transit, Cole, Wilmington, N. C , 6 days, naval stores toSEC. 30. And be itfurtlier enacted, That all acts and McCready, Mott it Co.parts of acts repngnant to the provisions of this act be, Schr. Franklin (Br.), Bramer, St. John, N. B., pickets fori*hapn, put in practice Napoleon's policy of foragingcents per dozen spools; containing over 150 yards aad not over 200 yards each, 8 cents per dozen spools: Provided^, that all spool thread containing more than 200 yards to each spool, there shall be levied, collected, and paid, for every 50 yards of excess, or fractional port thereof, 2 cents per dozen spools. Third. On shirts and drawers, wove or made on frames, composed wholly of cotton, 20 per centum ad valorem; and on all manufactures com- posed wholly of cotton, bleached, unbleached, printed, painted, or dypd, not otherwigo provided for 30 per centum ad valorem.biown Holland", blay linens, damasks, diapers, crash, hucka- backs, handkerchiefs, lawns, or other manufactures of flax or hemp, or of which flax or bemp shall bo the component mate- rial of chiel value, b*ing of iho value of 30 ci-nts and under per squareyard, 25 per centum ad valorem; valued above 30 centspanned waie of all kinds, not otherwise provided for: jewelry, real or imitation; jet, and manufactures of jet, and imitations theieof; lead pencils; maccaroni, vermicelli, gelatine, jellies, andexi-eeamg sixtren ounces to the thousand, 2 cents per pound. of chfef .value, and not otherwise provided for, 30 per centumon the enemy. A steamboat load of pure and sim- >ifth. On smooth or .polished sheet iron, by • whatever nam? od valorem. Fifth. On flox or linen threads, not over No. 20, po'ished, or mors advanced than the rough block or slab; manu- and the same are hereby repealed: Provided, That hiludelpbia.ple Democrats will go from hereabout to illustrate deslanared, 2 ce&ts per pound, on other sheet iron, common or black, not thinner than number .twenty, wire gauge, $20 per . before the eyes of the old Haguenot aristocracy the tun; thicker than number twenty, and not thinner than number . simplicity of our Republican institutions. After twenfy-fne, wi e gauge, $25 per tun; thinner than number Mayor Wood and bis troops are formally estab- twenty-five, v; ire gauge, $20 per tun; on tin plates galvanized, or irrn coated with zinc, 2 cents per pound: on mill iron* and mill ', fished, the scene will be decidedly attractive, and Crank 8 of wrought iron, and wrought iron for ships, locomotives 4 some of us propose to be a week in advance on the and steam engines, or parts thereof, weighing each twenty-five pounds or mom, one centand a half per pound; on screws, com- <• lookout for the bark which is to bear Csesar and his monly called wood screws, one inch and a half or over in length, ^delegates. four cents per pound; less than one inch and a half in length, six cents per pound; on screws, washed or plated, and afi other Au. this may be very funny to the winners, but it screws of iron, or any other metal, 30 per centum ad valorem; on ;will go rather hard with the Douglas genlry when all manufactares of iron, not otherwise provided for, 25 per cen- tum ad valorem. Sixth. On all steel' in ingots, bars, sheets or .they come to foot up the bills, after being invited wire, valued at seven cents per pound or less, one and ahalf cents p*r pound; valued at above seven cents per pound, and not above -fcetter stay home and aave their money, for just so eleven cents per pound, two cents per pound; and valnedj at above 11 cents per pound, 2£ cents per pound: Prodded, that no •are as the Charleston Convention will assemble, steel in any form shall pay a duty of less than 20 per centum ad valore n; on mill, pit and diay saws, not over nine inches wide, 12J cents per lineal foot; over 9 inches wide, 20 cents per lineal fioothern opposition from the first to the last ballot, foot; on crosscut saws, 10 cents per lineal foot; on all bth ar manu-8 cents per pound: finer than No. 20, aud not over No. 30, 12 cents per pound ; finer than I.'o. 80, and rot over No. 40, 15cents I er pound ; finer than No. 40, and not over No. 50,18 cents per pound; finer thsnNo. 50, and not ov«*rNo. 60,20 ce»;taper-pound: Provided, That any thread as described in the foregoing sched- ule which shall be bleached, shall pay 2 cents por pound addi- tional duty, and if dyeo or colored, Buch thread Shall pay three cents per pound additional duty; on flax or linen thread finer than No 60. a duty of 30 per centum ad valorem: Provided. That no thread shall be admitted at a less rate por pound than isfactures and articles of leather, or of which vlea'.her shall be acomponent part, not otherwise provided for; manufactures ofpaper, or of which paper is a component material, not otherwiseprovided for; manufactures, articles, and wares of papier macho; prosecution and punishment of all offenses, and for the Schr. Pallas, French, Rockland 5 dajs, lime. manufactures of goat's hair or mohair, or of which goat's hair.cr recovery, coDection, distribution, and remission 0/all *8chr. Seneca, Pbinney, Barnstable 4 d»ys, in ballast. mohair shall be a component material, not otherwise provided Schr. Martin, Goldwaitb, Saco 7 days, heading to master. for; manufactures of wood, or of which wood is the chief com- / fines, penalties, and forfeitures, as fully and effectually Schr. W . R. Newcomb, Green. Barnstable for Albany.to take back seats in the Convention. They hadsois and sunshades; parchment; plated and gilt ware or all kinds;playing cords; preporod vegetables, moats, fish, poultry, andgame, sealed or unsealed, in cans or otherwise: rod chalk pen-cils; salmon, preserved; scagliola tops, for tables or other arti-cles of furniture; sealing-wax ; side-arms of every description;silver-plated metal, in sheets or other form; slate chimney-pieces,mantles, slabs for tables, and all other manufacture' of slate, not The funeral will take place from his late residence, No. 54 East otherwise provided for; soap, Castile, perfumed, Windsor, andevery EVENING .his Bsachaid's Church,"i3tLectures) and XU by Prof. ELIE CHAF No. 7 Union-square (BSUBJECTS.—THU DAY, March 26: ' Stael and Chateaubr French Modern Histox Mickelet."Course tickets, fcl Christem's, No. "w B way,andatthedoer.F r a n c e and the MULLEN, at bis led 3CtB-«t., FRIDAY EA 25 cent*; scholars halA.Xiecroreintfa Presbyterian Church. EVENING, at 8 o'clo osity." Tickets for t cents, to be bad at IU Use door.B a l p h W a l d o El tureon "Manners," t i»tbeRev.Dr.Chspin «sj FRJDAX E V E M N cents, it the door,Weasnlnfsiter Vb School of this Church be celebrated THIS Addresses will be dein E.JC RANKIN of the McCARTER, D.D.. fflfriendly to the eause < Admittance free.W e n d e l l P h i l l i p ARTS," will be detfvt Union, in the Rev. EVENING, the 29th hThose preferring to' disconnected with 1Polar Exploraof the AMERICAN SOCIETY will be h«levied herein upon No. 60. whatever material composed, not otherwise provided for; olivesalad oil, and all other olive oil not otherwise provided for;SKC. 15. ^nd be it further enacted. That from and after the olivesj paper, antiquarian, demy, drawing, elephant, foolscap,day and ye-^r aforesaid tbero shall be levied, collected, and paid, imperial, letter, and all other paper, not otherwise provided for;BELOW—Bremen ship Helene, from Bremen, with mdse. and pass.T h e H eon the importation of the articles hereinafter mentioned, tho following duties, that is to say: First. On unmanufactured bemp, $30 per tun; on Manilla and other hemps of India, $20 per tun; onjutc, Siaal grasB, Sunnhomp, coir, and other vegetable substances, not enumerated, used for cordage, $10 per tun ^-011 codilla, or tow of hemp, $10 per tun ; on tarred cables or cordage, 1\ cents per pound; on untarred cord- age, 3 cents per pound; on yams, twine, and puckthread, 4 cents per pound; on seines 6 cents por pound; on cotton bagging, orBark Henrietta, from Montevideocotton trimming laces, and cotton braids j cowage down; eabebs;dried pulp; l u t c h and bronze metal ia leal; ether; featherbods, feathers for beds, and dewua of all kinds; felspar; fig-bin©;firewood; fish glue, or iringloss; fish-skino; flour of sulphur:Franktoit black; fulminates, or fulminating powders; glue; goldand silver leaf; grapes', gunpowder; hair cloth, hair seating, aadall other manufactures of hair, not other wine provided for; hair,curled, moss, seaweed, and all other vegetable substances usodfor beds or mattresses; hat bodies, made of wool, or of whichwool is the component material of chief valaa; hatter's plash,composed of silk and cotton, but of which cotton is the com- or pastel; woods, namely: cedar, llgnumvitse, lancewood, ebony,por.ent material of chief value: lampblack; leather, tanned, box, granadiila, mahogany, losewood, satinwood,>nd all cabinetbond or so]©; loathor, upper of all kind*; magnesia: molt; mar- woods, unmanufactured; wool," unmanufactured, and all hair of child arid servant; Daniel Lyon.Ships—Galena, Leavett, New-Orleans, Wm. Nelson & Son; J, Glldeisleeve, Johnson, Galveston J. H. Brower & Co. Bark—Star King", Smith, Nicbola»gisk, H. A Pierce.Brigs—A'enore, Hotter*, Areceibo, Walsh, Carver & Chase; Santiago (Br.), Elsenbrook, Porta Plata, Gelpcke. Kentgen it " Insatiate archer, would not on* suffice 1" been tinctured, colored, or in any way adulterated, and on sugar ad valorem; on all broadcloths, twilled or plain, valued at $ 1 «>r otherwise provided for; skins, tanned and dressed, of all kind*; weight, i»shall be deemed and taken to be twenty Belcher; LJUnion (HOT.), Bentzer, Boston, Holmboe k. Hoad- lates, loom g slates, ond slate pencils; spices .of all kinds, not hundred weight, each hundred we'ght being one hun- ley; J. Crystal, Upton, Indianola, J. H. Hrower it. Co.; Mountain* «a»e i it «p since then. The Senator from Texas de-serves to be recognized as the great treaty-taller. twelve. Dutch standard, and not yet refined, 1J cent per pound; yquare yaid. a duty of 16 cents per pound, and in addition thereto^Republican siderwas that it contained a clause giv- lorem ; on molause*, 4 cent* per gallon: Provided, Th»t all nirupa bove $ 2 per Rquare-yard, 16 cents per ponnd, and in addition •ing power to the President to employ the troops of of sugar or of sugar cane, concentrated moloa.es or concentrated thereto 20 per centam ad valorem: valoed above $ 2 p»r squarexneUvdo-, enter* d under the denomination of moluaaes, or any yaid, a duty of 16 cents per pound, and in addition thereto 25 ithe United States in a foreign territory, at his dis- other appellation than irirup of sugar or of sugar cone, concen- per centum ad valorem; on all flannels valued at 30 cents or less• cretion—thus completely revolutionizing the whole trated molas»es or concentrated melado, shall be liable to for- per square yaid, 25 per centum ad valorem; valued above 30not yet refined, 1 cent per pound; advanced above number per centum ad v»0oiera; valued above $1 and not above *2 per<He-has settled the tote of two in a fortnight— on refined sugar*, whwher loaf, lamp, crushed ojtjpulvenzed, 2£ 20 per centum ad valorem; valued above $ 2 per sqnaie yard, a qettsper pouad; on sugars after beidg refined, when they have duty of 16 cents perpound, and in addition theieto25 per ccbtudind preparations or salts, not otherwise provided for; shoes orboots, and other art'cles, composed wholly of India rubber, not he word "tun" is used in this act, in reference toThe objection to the Nicaragua Treaty from the candy, 5 cents per pound; on confectionery of all es» per sqnaie yard, a duty of sixteen cents per pound, and in kinds, not otherwise provided for, 30 per centum ad va- ddittontroretol5-per centum ad valorem; above $ l a n d n a totherwise provided for; spirits of turpentine; starch; stereotypeplates; siill-britoms; strychnine; sulphate of barytes, crude orrefined; sulphate of megnesid; sulphate of quinine; tor; threadlaces, and insertings; typo metal; types, new or old; "Varnish ofall kinds; velvet, in the piece, composed wholly of cotton;velvetl in tho piece, composed of cotton and silk, out of which the United States without payment of duty, under Hulse, Wilmington, Jonas Smith & Co.; Josephine, WateTbory, cotton is the component material of chief value; vaudyko brown; bond to be withdrawn and exported alter the Richmond, master; A Downing; itice, Philadelphia, J. Hand; Vandyke red; whalebone, the produce of foreign fisheries; said railroad iron shall have been repaired Wild Pigeon, Bailee, San Francisco, master; Hamilton, Ogden. white vitriol or sulphate of zinc; wood, unmanulasturod, notfeiture to the United Stales: Provided, That an inspection,under cents per sqnaTe yard, and on ai' flannels colored, or printed, or - policy and practice of the Government. He applied such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe, plaided, and flannels composed in port of cotton or silk, 30 perto Co&gress for that very discretion by law, and it .k.li Vw. win*)*. r\f TM11 .n.nvo in'l mVhlnactan inmnrt«rl ffiim farnlrm shall be made of a?l kugars and molasses imported from foreign/-was distinctly refused, even when the Democratic countries, in order to prevent frauds, and the introduction of *otarn, sirup of sugar, sirup of cane, concentrated molas«es, oror remanu/actured, and the Secretary of the Treasuryis hereby authorized and directed to prescribe such Sloop-J. H. Borden, Collins, Fall River, master.ionium ad valorem; on' all baizes, bockirgn, floor-cioths, and paddings, 10 cfiits per pound: Provided, That all baizes, book- ings, tloor-clo hs and paddings, c<isting over 40 cents per pound, shall pay a duty of 25 per centum ad valorem; on hatsol wool, 20 per centum ad valorem; on woolen and worsted yarn, 16 cents per pound, and in addition thereto 15 per centum ad valorem; on clothing ready made, and wearing apparel of every descrip- tion, composed wholly or in P8it of wool, made up ormanofic- tured wholly orin part by the tailor, seamstress, or manuiac- tarer. 16 cents per pound, and in addition thereto 25 per c-sntum ad valorem ; ou blunkets valued at not over 75 cents each and of the dimension* not less than 72 by 52 in , a duty of 10 cents each; on all other bl.-nsets, comprising Witney, Rose. Bath, Duffil, point, cradle, crib, Mackinaw, and horse-blankets, composed wholly or in part of wool, and not exceeding in value thesum of S 2 each, 16 cents per pound, and in addition thereto 15 per centum ad valorem; valued at over $ 2 each, 16 cents per pound, and in oddition theroto 20 per centum ad valorem. Third. On all delaines, cashmeie delaines, or muslin delaines, com- posed wholly or in part of wool, valued at ovor 16 cents per square ya<d,25per centum ad valorem; on .all delaines, cashmere deloines <r muslin delaines, valued at over 16 cents por square yard; "and on all muslin delaines, barege delaines, ofAlexandria, Saft'ord & Dodge; defiance, Boynton, Jaemel, R. P . Buck & Co.otherwise provided for;, woolen listings; zinck, spelter and teuteneque, in theets.Sec. 21. Arid be it furtherthe day and year aforesaid there Hhall be levied, collected, andpaid, a duty of 30 per centum on the . importation of thoarticles hereinafter mentioned and embraced in this section thatis to say: Alabaster and spar oroamonts; anchovies, sardines,and all other fish preserved in oil; argentine, alabatta, or Gor-man silver, manufactured or unmanufactured; articles embroid-ered with gold, silver, or other m«tal; articles worn by men,women, or children, of whatever material composed, made up,or made whoMy or in part by hand, not otherwise provided for;asses' skins; balsans, cosmetics, essences, extracts, pajtes, per-fumes, ond tinctures, used either for the toilet or tor medicinalpurposes; baskets, and all othef articles composed of grass,ofcier. palm-leaf, straw, wbalebono or willow,not otherwise pro- value of any goods, wares, or merchandise, arising vided for; beads of amber, composition, or wax, and all beads;benzoutes; Bologna sausages; bracelets, braids, chains, curls, orringletB. coropooed of bnir, or of which hair is a component rnite-rfa»l; braces, suspenders, webbing, or other fabrics, composedwholly or in part of India rubber, not othewviso provided for;brooms and-brushes of all kinds: buttons,, and button molds ofall kinds; cameos, real and imitation, andmosaiss, real and imita- statistical accounts of the commerce of the United tion, when set in gold, silver, or other metal; canes and sticksfor walking, finished or unfinished; capers, pickles, and sauces of States with foreign countries, required by existing.SEC. 22. And be it further enacUd, Thutfrom and after the dayandyearaforesaid,theimportationofthearticleshereinaftorAlbany{Reported for The New-York Tribnn*.]no " premium" on sale. Iowa and Missouri furnish a great num- States; all philosophical apparatus, instruments, books, maps ber this week; Kentucky none.and charts, Btatuos, statuary, busts and casts of marble, bronze, The apparent falling off in the receipts is 682 head, but the alabaster, or plaster of Paris: paintings und drawings, etchings, actual deficiency in Beef is considerably greater, as among the specimens of sculpture, cabinets of coins, medals, gems, and all animals this week were 100 working Oxen and over 100 Milch collections of antiquities: Provided, The same be specially im- Cows <NEWPORT, March 19 —Arr bark Mary C. Fox, Bettes.fronxJ Cardenas for Portland; schr. Marcella, Tracy, from Pniladolpbi*> for Portland.SA V ANNAH, March 17.—The steamship Star of tbe 8ooth arr. here at her wharf at 2 o'clock Saturday afternoon. Weather wet 8nd stormy.lug duties, that iu to say: First, on all books printed in the En- or production of the possessions of tho Netherlands ia same man- 1,450 lb.glish language, or of which the English forms tho text, bound or ner; coins, gold, silver, and copper; copper ore; copper, when onbond, 15 cents per pound: Provided, That all editions of such imported for the United States Mint; cotion; cork-treo bark books which have been printed 40 years prior to the date of im- unmanufactured; cream of tartar; cudbear, vegetable, andorchile; portation, and all books bound or unbound, printed iu foreign dlvl-divi; dragon's blood; omory, iu lump or pulverized; extractP. S. Perkins, 32 Missouri, averaging 1,3401b, at $4 60 100 lb.Whalen and FiBher, 32 good Illinois at £ 4 56 $v 100 lb. Average live weight, 1,526 lb.and all other acids of every description, usod for medicinal pur-posesorintholinoarts,nototherwiseprovidedfor;ammonia,sal ammonia, muriate, and carbonate of ammonia; arrow-root;bamboos; bananas; barks of all kinds, no( otherwise facturing purposes, not otherwise provided for; glass, when old provided for; beeswax; black lead or plumbago; bleach-1,425 lb each.RubellaHirsoh,68goodIllinoisat$64-Fhead;averwo ashoreonSaturdayinBuzzard'sBay,comeoffatchangeoftide-5 .and fit only to be romanufuctured; goods, wares, and merchan- ing powder*; borate of lime; Brazil paste; bronze dise, the growth, produce, or manufacture of the United States, liquor; brorze powder; building stones; calomel; castor exported to a foreign country, and brought back to the UnitedA. Gorton St Co., 50 prime Missouri at $68 ^ head 1,400 IB.Sua» DK WITT CnjJTOjr.—Capt. Merritt and hi* crew were average yesterday, I8th. again compelled to leave the ship Do Witt Can-crude state, not otherwise provided ifor; gutta porcha, unmanu- factured ; grindstones, rough or unfinished; garden seeds, and all other seeds for agricultural, horticultural, medicinal, and manu-about 1,4(0 lb.•N. H. Comatook, 16 Michigan, averaging 1,446 lb at4|c.^ without sustaining any damage, and continued her trip Into New-Bedford.drawbuckorbountyhasbeenallowed:Provided,Thatallregu-51 500 m eachTM' ° ^ ^hed;estimat6d ** *** sea goes down and the weather permits. «<*tocktobeprepared,whiehshallbeWgnedbythelowingduties,thatistosoy:First:Oncassia,4centsperprociousstones,imitationsthereof,notEet;diamonds,glazier's,taryoftheTreasury,Bhallbecompliedwith;guano;householdaverage1,420 fit). • ' 'cfNew-Yoik,fromSavannah,boundtoLiverpool,withaofftj sftnvfe Whatisilton tbe importation of the articles hereinafter mentioned the fol- diamonds, cameos, mosaics, gems, pearls, rubies, and other isting laws, or which may be proscribed by the Secre-43AM>y»&8.Cg^Wiry, a drink.FKCEEK~ti»«<P a r e W a t e r . CARBONUNITED STJfree from Fisk Oii* also,-PAXsMansjcaffcctured by J. . For sale by Gtoct- F «/QTthe Treasury may cause coupons of aemi-aonnal^n pound; ^rf all other raisins, 1 cent per pound ; ou almonds, 2 magazines, printed; pamphlets, periodicals and illustratedoenU ps*pound: onVthelU-d almonds, 4 cents per pound; on all newspapers, uound or unbound, not otherwise provided for; cut in strips or patterns of the size and shape for shoes, slipperswanna and Western Rsdhwad, and atEaston with the LeWfO terest^ayable-^hereon to be attached to certiacates.U- nuts not otherwise provided for, except those used for dyeing, 1 manganese; manna; marrow and all other grease, and soap boots, bootees, gaiters, and buttons, exclusively, not combined , J' S. Dolph, 17 Illinois at $63 W head: average 1,400 lb. Also, Valley Railroad. . ». .« 1 S U18 Conadas at $56 50 ty head; average 1,340 lb. WINTER ARRANGEMENT—Commencing Dec 19, w*-T pecs of interest aitached may be assigned and trans-- SKC. 12. AvUieit further enacted, Th'at from and after the printed with lines, bound or unbound; oat meal; oils, palm, prepared, and madder root; manuscripts; marine coral, unman- SiiKKiv—Tho supply is very large for this season of the year, Leave New-York for Ea-ton aud mtermecMate places, from foot y ^ J*lur wfcwwald there shall be levied, collected, and paid, seal, and coooanut; oranges, lemons, and limes; orange ana ufactured ; medals of gold, Bilvor, oopper, or bronse; maohinery and the demand limited; still they are bringing high prices rang- of Courtlandt-st, at 8 a. m«,'««".. and 4:10 p. m. For Som**W& under thj»;£Ct; and any.cer.'incate with «a.ch.cou- cent per pound. Blocks and soap stuffs; mineral kormes; moss, Iceland; music with India-rubber; leecbea; llcorico root; madder, ground or7«rr>edbydeliveryofthesame,insteadofbeingtrans- ,ontheimportationofthesrticles hereinaftermentioned,thetot- lemonpeel; paintingsandstatuary,nototherwiseprovided for; ferred on the booksx>f the Treasory. toprinz duties, that fci to say: First. On all wool unmanufactured, patent mordant; paving stones; pearl or hulled barley; pine %%C. 3. Arid t{e it furtlier .enacted, That, before anann hair of the aljwcca, goat, and other like animals, unmanu- apples; plantains; plaster of parts, when ground; prusslun blue; redprecipitate;rhubarb;rye flour; oaddleryhardware, com- <rxpotted to tins U m W States sball exceed l(f cents per pound, mon, tinned or japanned; saffron and saffron cake; Bal-sodu, andsuitableforthemanufactureofflaxandlinengoodsonly,andiuf-ingfrom 5o.to6j|o.'J*lbliveweight,accordingtoquality. MoGraw Brotnors took during the week 1,200 head, rangingfrom 80 to 110 lb each, at 5®6Ao.vlUebytheabovetrains,andat5:80.mm. • From Pier No. 2 North River, at 7:30 and 11:80 a. m. and 8-W p. m. for Easton and Intermediate station*; for Somerrillo oftheabovetrainaandat4:80p.m.The 12 m. train from foot of Courtlandt-*t., and the lltfg * «**fcom Pt«r 3 N. R. make a close connection at Easton wtthttf LehighValleyRaUroad,andthonoeviaEa*tewutaylTS^B*" road to Reading, without change of oars, and oonaeota *» * • • * in* direct for Pottaville and HtsrrUburg. w _ _ ^ — « * « .awardicg«*»^Joan,-the.Secretaryo/XheTreasuryshall r«ctt*yjd,th«valuewhereofatthehistportorplacefromwhence«»ase tp£e inseited in two of the public newspapers there s^H be levied, coveted, and paid a duty of 8 cents per ull carbonates of soda, by whatever name designated, not other- model or improvement which can befitted for use; munjeot or and 170 headat 6ja ^ lb, average 94 IB.lasting, mohair eloth, silk twist or other manufactures of clothlive weight, seller's estimate.TJ'os. Espy, 15 light Ohio* ut $44 ^ head; average 1,050 fl>.,,, ,wf Indiamadder;nation;nickel;nutgalls;nuxvomioa;oil,aner»Untitled Documentwww.fsultosnhsistosry.comJe deemed »Seurla & e weoney bought ISO head at 5^e. 4r IB, average 90 lb,substance* expressly used for manure; sulphate of ammonia; sumac; terra japonica. catechu, or cutch; tin, in pigs, bars, or blocks; tortoise and other shells, unm-.nuf*ctured; trees, shrubs, bulb* plants, and roots, not o'/berwise provided for; tarmeric; wearing »pparel in actual use. and otber personal effects (not merchandise) professional books, implement*, instruments, and tool* of trade, occupation, or employment of person* arriving in the. United StaU s: Provided, That this exemption sha J not be construed to include machinery, or other articles imported for use in any manufacturing establishment, or for eale; weld; woodExchange on New-York unchanged.iPussengcr*%paid, fchall be so entered or deposited subject to the fol-shall have been exported and landed beyond the limitsall similar preparations; manufactures of Bilk, or of which silk of the United States, may be thence duly reimport- son it Hunter.shall be a component material, not otherwise provided for; man- Schr. Alfalfa (Br.), Freson, North Bay, N. F., 4 days, flsh to ufactures of the bark of the corktree, except corks; manufac- ed in the same manner provided for in the first in- master. .tures of bone, shell, horn, ivory, or vegetable ivory; manufac- stance. Provided, also, That this section shall not ap- Schr. Kama (Russian, 3-masted), Molfsen, Newcastle 79 days,NineteenthWiurtures, articles, vessels, and wares, not otherwise provided for, ofbrass, copper, gold, iron, had, powter, platina, silver, tin, 01other metal, or of which cither of these metals or anyother metal shall be the component material of chief • the first day of January, 1861. Provided further, Schr. Peerless (Br.), Doe. Bermuda 10 days, in ballast to Mo> value ; manufactures of cotton, linen, silk, wool or worsted, That all acts or parts of acts relating to the subject Call SLFrith. Experienced: very heayy weather.if embroidered or tamboured, in the loom or otherwise, by ma- matter herein embraced, and inconsiBtent therewith Schr. Enterprise (Br), Gould, Cornwallis, N. 8., 18 days, pota-meeting ot the Exec" {Wednesday) EV4.NC59lh-st. andSd-av., at DAY EVENING, 2WsfBtga BJSWAKP, g«Mn«»ce«nth W n i A regular m*etmg o: tl be h«Jd at th* house ol T m s (Wednesday) EN. B . BABCOCX, jr. R. E. BATKI«AN,WfflskttreraLECTD <WEDNES irpon a subject weli cal< ssssd power ss a speaker * AGITATION E The Rev. Dr. CheeT< AsjjBMtsjagsj 25 ten J .1pontnt part, not otherwise provided for; medicinal preparations, not otherwise provided for; metallic pens; mineral waters; mus- kets, rifles, and other firearms; oilcloth of every description, ofas if every regulation, penalty, forfeiture, provision, clause, matter, and thing, to that effect, in the existing laws contained, had been inserted in and reenacted by this act.Schr. S. L. Stevens, Studley, Boston in ballast for Norfolk.Schr. Henrietta, Smith, New-London 3 da)s, in ballast.Schr. Alfred Brui ett, Jones, Boston 4 days, linseed to master. Schr. Governor, Chase, Barnstable 2 day s, in ballast to master. IE.Ottleysold170extraattiljo.WIB,average112IB. v»IJE1>.tcollected, and paid, on the importation of all raw ornnmanufactnred articles not herein enumerated or pro- MARINE vided for. a duty of ten per centum ad valorem; andon all articles manufactured in whole or in part, notherein enumerated or provided for, a duty of twenty PORT per centum ad valorem.JOURNAL.Eagle, Bxanscom. Cardenas, O. it E. J. Peters; Jaffa, Robinson, dred and twelve pounds avoirdupois. St. Pierre, J. Wheelwright; R. A. Fibher, Ketchum, Havana, J»SEC. 26. And be it furi/ur enacted, That railroad E. Ward & Co.iron, partially or wholly worn, may be imported into Schooners—Tangala, Bramhall, Bath, R. P. Buck it Co.} JL,enacted, That no claim forSchr. Mariel, Hutchings, Rondout, coal for Portland. the existing Jaws shall extend to and be in force for the Schr. Gertrude Hotton, Myers, Rockland 10 daya, lime.collection of the duties imposed by this act for theSchr. Pbenix. Murray, Hartford 3 days, stone.% * W e believe that some alterations have been made in thepaper boxes and all other fancy boxes; paper envelopes; para- bove bill since it wus first prepared; these we shall indicate Al<o, a brig from St. Mark's, one ship and one bark.ereafter.SAILED—Steamship Empire-City, Havana and New-Orleans.From Quarantine—bhip Mavericn, New-Orleans; birk Clara Windsor, Port-au-Prince; brig Pedro Sanchez Dalz, Nuevita*.WIND-During the day, from N E. to S. E.The briz Enterprise, from Rochello, arr. on Sunday, is CODEleventh street, on Thursday, 22d in»t, at 5 o'clock p. m. signed to Wellington it Abbott, not as reported. The relatives and Mends of the family are invited to attendwithout further notice. The remains will be taken to Green-JLiveStockMarket.ported, in good faith, for the use of any society incorporated andestablished for philosophical or literary purposes, or for the en- FREIGHTS are unchanged- The propellers are doing a good The screw steamship HuntsviDe, of Cromwell'* Mne, fromcouragementofthefinearts,orfortbeuse,orbytheorderof, anycollege, academy, school, or seminary of learning in the UnitedStates; tUoes; ambeT; ambergris; nrmatto, Roncou or Orleans;animal carbon (bone block); animals, living, of allkinds; aniseed; receipt* at this market over the New-York Central Railroad:New-York,arr.hereat4o'clock yesterday afternoon.March 19.—The steamship Alabama, for New-Y ork, was de-- taincd by a N. E. storm until 4 o'clock Sunday morning. iVantimony, crude, or regulus of; argol, or crude tartar; arsenic; ar-.tides in a crude state, used in dying, or tanning, not otherwiseprovided for; asphaltum ;aasafoetiaa; bananas; bark, Peruvian, orbark quilla; barilla, or soda ash; bells, old. and bell-motal; Sheep..... berries, nuts, flowers, plants, and vegetables, used exclu- Hog*__ .This week.2,448 3,130Last week. 3,1302.926 , 360PHILADELPHIA, March 19.-Arr. ship Hlppojrruffe, from Total sine* Calcutta. Dec. 18, spoke sbip Ostavius, from London for Cal-businessat15c.«|>headforWesternCattle.$1*>•headforState, and 10c. ^ head for. Sheep. *RKCBIPTB.—The following Is our comparative «tatement ol436,Iowa,X Ol U1 • • • • a • « • • • •JB m • • » * * s ' • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • a Z j 4 o olows: At More's, 1,120; Hunter's, 710; Gallup'B, 638. Total, 2,468;; this includes 20 head driven in on the turnpike.B OSTON, March 19 —Arr. steamers City of New-York, BOMS, Norfolk; Phineas Sprajue, Matthews, Philadelphia; bark Cocmt- uste, Bangs, New-Orleans; schr. E, S. Potter, Potter, Apala- .'; . cbicola.Off the Highland Light, ship Western Star, from Calcutta.NEW-ORLEANS,March19—Arr.batkPilgrim,fromBor-> deaux; reports that brig Susan Emily, from Cardenas, bound to ; New-Orleans, collided with ship Shatemuc, from New-Orleansv bound to Liverpool; the former is a total loss; the pass, and crew were brought he«e. «The bark Susan W . Iind, from New-York, bound here, was wrecked at Gingerbread Ground, on the Goat. The cargo wast partly saved ^ wAlso arr., ships Malabar, and Adams, from Havre; Odessa, w . V. Moses, Liucothea, Old England, and Wm. Lord, fr.im Liver- pool; Gkbe, and llacanta, from Rio Janeiro; bark Leighton..•*•Prices. This Week.Premium...... ....Extra. 43®5|c 4A^44c.-®2}o. SAJ.K.S.—John Moss, 48 Extra Ohio* at .$76 $> head. Average,A. N. Monroe of Brighton.took the best lot in thl*. week, 180 head, fed by Col. O. Saokett of Livingston County, they averageLa*t Week. 5@5|o.uerofJd-av. and 11th-. I 7i o'clock, to takeI>i«n»ter«, Sec,l.fOO lb each. Also, 57prime-Indiana at »72 <$v head; weight THH PROPKLLKH DAYLIGHT, hence for New-Bedford, reported . ,ton, ashore near Squau, on account of the weather and high sea. She lies all right, with stern off shore. The dry goods are ueariy , all out, and it is expected that she will be hove ofl as soon as thol0Wa8at$68J. Cowan, 14 extra Canada Cows and Steers at 5ie. 4* lb: ft ST. GKOKOKB, Bermuda, March 5.—The ship Luconia, Butler,Jn*chr Pccrle$t,from,Bcrmuda—Mr. Richard 8. Wood, kdy,Caldwell, Hudson, Charleston, McCready^Mott & Co.; Breeee,1mA r r i V e d .master. ', " ]JOHN 0. 8TKRNS, 8op«*la*ads*tttW L, 0..S'I*>• ***• -•-.,: Tl: «•••••-Acta)uponrat*tutJ„*retually poriue* d*^•^"IWaiaiM traya tl *J •SOI: .-••: / 