 fit JERSEYWffErotSONWfiCASi M l**ntotoa<aBV%*a^aejJa««BnBO»^^•ad:Twelfth-ncui yroitatheSato)ladies, ead all seemed deeply up, aitiieugh but oueoptetont4•ay •>. » ».*- »D n y - Ao a a u e e wdoor.Manyrfthe%Fi55£"¥Z£l*»**to ear ZRXSXltJupanM?atuid,laregard» thecrttoinalHyofthedefendant.Mr Hbipajaamanaiail hatipeecb,tatterrupted by tbaiitwasassetimprobabto bad foaa to laatoa to buynrnenic, wbea bepa* to New York with Mr. Harr and par- tauBaf aVTaWlUO • • wJap^aVw ^ssynW W a w l V ©*TM^BW«W*W***» aaamaB »*•> wouJd be Uapoaalble. B o dented that Hardea waahomir,andfromthetanawhentbeytooktheirplace*to tttobodywfllriistoygthWauWajjfrwtaJtTtoi^for there are aeveral important change* propceed te bemadeintheDtsdpune.whichwill,undoubtedly,callforth of counter vtow*. It may aot be generally 6 tJMawJBBas provided for the governmeat o fthtt, the larrest and aaost iafiuealial religious Uoa in the United State*, has never he*edstaceUtottBBttM'* «r • > , * « « * « • ! » • * World. The rules taid dowa by Weiley, the founder ofMethodttm.onhttvistttothtocouatiy.furthegutdaaMat the law of the church until the present time some of.the provnaoas of the democratictosuittheviewsiher f republican otttaec a, theofNewYork,totaaeater.by Becht.aad read from tbaIngbab la* la regard Ihevtel*'elghTgratos, tor ^ ^ J j j f V . ^ J Z a J a r S "[ G T e a V ^ n t o r Y ^ . t i a a . ' r w e a t y peaarweigbts aa toreuuveaand friends; sscrlnced the ptonMroB andfai- National Guard, to take place In July next,to tba e.«aresaic hi tba house, aad b o Might havetbe pat- nth* theory rfova sadact,patanendto her own Ufa. Let maread rnothingsesptotooo labiamanneroraotteae,aadthatcelebrated Vanderbitt farm, numerous palatial reetaeaces, excellent drives snd other toe*! sttractloa*, which reader»oa the tow upon toe enbject. (Oouaael retd from theory of tbe State, both la regard to this matter aadat this port stace but May, whea the ship William Tap it a very desirable place for an encampment, aad its eeTux VOTBroa Maroa mBeck'e "Meoical JurWpnideaoe" upon tba subject of eui- to the vtait to Beaton, was lalaiied by the feats. Thelm- cide ) The ceuneel men proceedwl to eoato&d that b ywas poisoned, you must remember that he had ato wife's F afterwards T I admit that It would nave been secret in hie mind, and you can account for thtt unwilling1 W ukl co*nversation;andOn Teeeday last, however, i n arrival of more **%ES*er**-denaryMorontookplace,tothesha|torfsheship»a qXuyuTTlmyhad trnrslatoVall tbetr hvws.untttttieMBW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, MAY 3, 1860.-TRIPLB BhBJgr.—.. i '•- : .i ' i IKilllM tntaf Ifoerefore eettmnae M l IV"wa aoertfiLfJ a*ate,thee,rfthepreenrfM"&£T*!£££" S."S3£5* *s* net a tuieida or a ibtyeaii peredventare.T<et«« tb* evidence ottered b y the fltoJto,order at the Usee of tbetr oxwrenoe, proof to regetd to Hardea i ' death, latowttetestimony of bar frtead«an4 of•to Harden bad beard of * u d itto af*, ttraeg* tBaibelet a abaaaoa tar ato wttV*Be did lb* ttmply becausebof to be tbere when tbere•oa ii ai perfectly neural, and aetata «o, «***«• dtp, aad form a part ofwtt yob look aftt wttb jaundiced .eye*. Tsmjtt* • * •Uetowg for bia nefarioe* crlaae by«****£?ISTHN. of flerdoal ooMagaskedbyoaerfthe**•- of eweatte»_nv~ .TwSvaroTaattaodeparture of theboat for Altajaw,theyware cracking tbetr Jokes and good nataradly prospeeetagon t h a u n knoan future, upon whtoh they have now lalriy entered.•y oae ofawderwrker. Captain Roberta, with a livmg freight of Bvehundred sad etoety four Mai man smigranta, enrouteforUtah; aad to view of the interest nrhtoh •iBatturlly at-toahestotho movementa of such a body ofpeople, unitedtoaetafta objed.who have left their homei across the TBB EH8OTNO aWCAMFMBNT OP THB BAWOHAl GVABB. water, aanderea the asaootationa arhtoh beani theaa thawa Tan ensuing awmtoapawattl Of the Seventh regiment,•far him to call to the Baasseys aad dlscloae tbe •nets as well by one theory aa tbe other; but I believe of about sixty years of age. who waa to delicate health 367 Houston street Sinks need cleaning.facto to them He wouldn't bare been bare, then. Bat that there are reasons enough without introducing thtt, IBtrurel workings of tba human mind are to ooa- in tbe condition of the corpse pointed out by Mrs. Yaawhen abe left borne, and tbe other an old man of eighty.Congress court, between Baig aad Houston streets, very dirty, a* are aeveral of the tenements.cover up saoh a thing; he exposed himself to Sickle. Ha would not allow her dresses or dotaing to be There tt another of these aged patriarchs in the company, lroubleaaddingerratherthanexposehiswife,who,ha meddledwttbuntilherparentsarrived;bothMmGerey /adwewereInformedthatitttnotunfrcquentforwholefondly thought, must recover, sad whom ho would care- aad Mm Vaa Stable testify Urn. He wished bar buried famines,from the little nursling in the first stage of tofant street—Sinks lull.fullyguardfromanyrepetitionofthefatalattempt. attono'otook,bat,attherequestofMmDorland,postweaJmesetotheeldestmemberoftbefeneration,toem- bark on these pilgrimages to the Great Salt Lake region of oar ooantry.Tbe foliowing tt a statement showing the different occu- pations or the emigrants, and other interesting facta con- nected with theaa:—112,114,lie,118,IB*SeventhavenueStakefun.112, 114, 183andlidWestNineteenth street—Stake fuUTbe cellar o f No. 118 West 19th street is to a very condrtku,causedbysinkofNo.120 leaking. No. 130 also reported. *Wheabecannot help himself,bobintstbemattertotba DatisBds.ana then, wbea Anally presold beyond aada- raaae, be reveals the whole matter before tha Coroner'spoaedttuntiloaeo'clock,andthaatheMeads wereaottbeing requested to oome earlier. It requires a aneptotoao mind to make theaa tntnga ruspidous.Jury. Ail the circumstaacea are re»ncitoable witb thiskaea edge of bis wtia'a auldde. Ho objected to a post ence remaining to the court room and dining la picaicmcriem esaaaabaatoa that is but natural, as the law boohaaay;andaa they say, alao.it is no mark of ooaacious guilt. (Counsel read Minorities upon tbe subject) B a t tbere atanothertheorywhich willaccountforhitoppo- stttoato a post mortem, aad that a tbatheory of tbe de- fease. Ba knew that tbe arsenic was In her body, aad be did not wWh her disgrace exposal. (Tbe counsel thenWela' "Clicumttantial Evidence" a ease, to i remarkably aimllar to thai, and to jury brought la a verdict of acquittal.) TbaThe Court then adjourned tor dinner, many of tha audi- fashion, to order to secure their seats for the afternoonPolice Intelligence.Aa AUXOKD Framvx MCRDXREB n CCSIOBT —Thomas88 Heater street—Sinks fan, front and rear.110 and 112 East Broadw ay—Sinks full aad yard* filthy.311Madisonstreet Hankfull,yardfilthyandthebase- can tbe name* of the detogstos elected by thacouaaal then abowed tha similarity of tbe potato In tha by stabbing htm to the breast. Tbe alleged murder oc-, aad insisted upon tbe same verdict Tba priao- curred on Saturday eight Pryor aad Kennedy met to a afather,whobaatodalifeofvirtue,andofex- barroom,wbeatheformer,asItischarged,madeamoat righteousness;he has a mother, whose Ufa bangs unprovoked assault upon the latter with a dirk knife.•*•a••.. 8 Flax dresser.... • • ••• •.. 1 No 5 Hester street—Yard and sink very filthy.was taid on the table for future action. A letter waa dtteane, whose course at violent, rapid, aad to many cat* read from Rev. Or. MoCBatook, a delegate from the New fatal. Another complaint, beyond the reach d homatPryor, aa Irish laborer, was taken Into custody oa Shoemakers...J..•aid and violent hi tt* ehnreder. Thtt may of the delegates were being called, Rev. Mr. a some degree he attributed to the pecuBar nature d tattneaway evening on charge of being a fugitive from Peektkill, oa the Hudson River Railroad, where be stands charged with havtog killed a man named John EeeaedyGrinderOre smeltersOordwatoer WarehousemenMiller*.. 2 Potter2A. 1 Glass worker...ae••....11BurMWX presented a protest against the reospttoa d five delegates from the West Wtteonsto Conference, o a t h e ground that the fifth was sleeted by dishonest means, or certainly against the rules d tbe Discipline. T b e peperumate and other adventitious causes, bat ia anil greater otto to tbe iatease mental excitement and undue activity f the brain peivading all classes d the oamaaaanr oageetiOB, In all its varied forms, tt a eoatmoa typtefa thread, aad who baa nothing to wiah Pryor Aed Immediately after the ooaxndtaton of the deed, Laborers• • • s e e * .. 2 on*. the Rev. Mr. Vincent, the reserve delegate. case in my last ananal report—eutnamber* other farms ef .. S Platelayer • • • s e t a .. 1 8,9,10 and 14 State street—Garbage boxes toll, and Aseoon aa all the names of the delegates were called, dtaeeee.itwill be seen that In almost every case Hhatto life hut to ones more clasp bar ead, taking the can, arrived hi thtt city on Sunday morn-ooa, free, unbound, acquitted, to bar heart Ho ing. He was followed by one of the friends of the de- baa a brother and setters, over whose young morning ceased the next day, aad search was made for himwttb haggard face aad plaintive votes, talking ef tm poor through the euitre dty, but ao trace of the fugittve could aoa.Ihaveaeeathatlather,aswttbpatodfaceaad bediscovereduntilTuesdayevening,whenhewasda-eyesHarlemwttbgrief,abesaid,"Jacobhasalwaysbeen coveredlaWestBroadway,neartheGirardHouse.Be agoadboytome!Savehim! O,savehim! Iknowthat was promptly arrested by policeman Draeksr, ofthe Gardeners.. 1 Puddtor .. 1 gutter to front of the totter very filthy.thai dark cloud now bovera I have aeen this poor father,it waa learned that there were only 16 of tbe 331 date been contracted, or the seed* so*s <n the system else- gate* elected absent Thus It will bo aeen the at- where, snd fully developed here. U n a form d davea..8MUlwrighto.....••eee..2frontandrearwallsarebadlyoraoked,andthesinkis Dr.Oabota,theConferenceproceededtoelectthose todoinsuchcasesThataaostcommeasaourgeofabehitoaoorat" Icometoyontopleadrorthttaoa'o Thirdprecinct,andsentbacktoPeekakOlfortrial.life. Bead not that poor father back to his home, weep- OoanmxD ox QUAGS or HUJUCIDS.—Coroner jackmaning as be goes, crying, "My aoa, my son, would to God I commilted Daniel W. Lewis to the Tombs yesterday, oa could die for thee," to tell that dying mother that bar son charge of causing the death of William A. Lyons, on the at Beamed to death. I tell you not this to Induce you toacqatt him if be ba guilty. Justice M inflexible, bat 1Kb ultimo. The deceased, it will be remembered, wasCarpentersHoopmaker... Wire drawers. Stone masons Engine fitter Vuteaalser BakersZinc worker Blacksmith Tailors.. 4 Weavers.. 9 Printers.. 1 Stockingmaker .. 1.. 4 Shepherd.. 4 Wood turner... . 1.. 1 Striker.. 6 Cutler.. 1 Cotton spinners. .. 1 Turner.. 9..1 openanddangerous. officersbyband vote. Thefolioring gentlemen were faaeyandchildhood,throatdisease,ialanumerousattal-found insensible in oae of the Sixth avenue cars, aad con sweauy blend in asking you for his acquittal. You have veyed to tha Mew York Hospital, where he died la a day.. 1 filthy... 1The Conference resolved to meet at naif past eight andamercy • bar bandmaiuea, a a d both justice and mercyadjourn at twelve o'clock... 1 106, 1C9 and 17 Heater street—Sinks full and yard* Dr. FLOY presented a resolution providing for the ap ieat etlects, together with its mods d treatment, have ailor two afterwards from the effects sf a fractured skull. dence of hat Inaooaaoa. By tbe noble rule of criminal law No clue to the perpetrator of the homicide could be dis- youareboaad to acquit him If yon have a reasonable covered at tbe time of the inquest. and the jury were doubt etbto guut; but I ask you to take no each narrow obliged to reader a verdict of ••Death from injuries at theKMBda. Idobelievethatbelainnocent, andthatwe handsofsome person unknown" Subaequeatly,bow- drenunder 12years,148.Tbe principal portion of tba emigrants are E ngttsb, sayao evidence to prove htm g'lilty. Y o u have every evi-ve proven bim ao We may never meet again here oa ever, detectivea Devon and Sampson discovered the as about 390; of Swats there are 164, or Welsh, 90; French,earth, but we shall all, jurymen, accused and advocates, meet before a Judge trom whose eyes nothing caa be ooooeakd. It would b e e dreadful thing to stand tbere wttb t h e blood e f the innocent dripping from your bands, gentlemen. May God as guide your delibera'kmi that sea a a y c o what Is just aad right aad stand before Hat btoBMleaa and serene.Mr. Sbipaaan a speech waa eloquently enuMinted, aad made a marked sensation upon bia audience, many of wbaai, ao well as Hardea and bis father, were affected to tearsMr Bradley, counsel tor tbe defence, then began his up, arguing at great length that the defeadant proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt, or .be acquitted, the maxim of the tow being that number—ef galny personsrather than one innocent man should ba hung unco todtSatte probabilities, quoting largely from authortuee to prove thia and all otter points of the case: tt mast aba) be coacluattely proven that a murder hassaUant la the person of a waiter in tha saloon corner of Broadway and Park place, named Daniel W. Lewis, a n d be was arrested accordingly. The prisoner acknowledges that be knocked deceased down, but says that he was provoked to it by deceased's striking him a blow in the face. The case has been set down for examination before Justice Welsh, oa Thursday.TICKET Swmr-uxs— COMPLAINT USDXR THE NEW LAW — Tbe first case of ticket swindling under the new law ,1; Itieb, 2:Of the iabove 138 will travel with handcarts; the ba-lance by teams, whlsh will be provided on the frontier.Tbe ciliceip of the company are as follows :— Jsmes D Roes, President.James Taylor, John Croft, councillors.John Craston, steward.James E. Wetland,Henry Jackson, cooksIn Er,t Isnd, Mr. Ross, from his great familiarity with the Scriptures, to familiarly known among the MormonsI(uBBVwaB ••»• wayiif ofaalight»ats aaxiouo la regard to the pevttoelbe- , and published to day a letter Iron thtt B^haeV' aaaarting that the semued was •etrta democrat. We have the beat au-toilaratiean to ao-for our statameat la , that Harden Mnot an aboUtionat, bat mbhoaa, whatever that may b a*•»•w ^Barevnt part net to break off, bnt to pottpuie thei a r . and I think that Mr iwhanl's t*et rroey supports lassiiaeypataee*, aad ounnlHe the ktyto flardea's wuoi> cwadwet la regard to K'to norland. Hardens letters arelad of genteel appearance, was brought before elob yesterday and committed to the Tombsfor examinationWilliamsburg City Hews.Two Fount JiTsncas floumro Can Omci —At the fifth Police district ef the Ftfteeath, Sixteenth aad Eigh- teenth v-ards the cl&oe of Police Justice tt claimed by Justice Pyder sad Mr. Anthony J. Walter. Both geetle- mt n occupy s seat side by side to court, and both at-the twelve Apostles are expected in thtt capacity, who were appointed before t h e w a r fever , but remained a t boms to courtquenee of i t1 The present emigrants after travelling at far westward as rail and steam can carry them, will strike tbe Plains and take to tbetr teants and handcarts at Florenoe, whtoh to fix miles above Omaha City, oa the Missouri river, whence they will follow what a kniwn aa "the OM Mormon Trail? ThetownofFlorencetosomewhatcelebratedtoMormon httory as the winter quarters of Brlgbam Young, before he started wttb his followers for the Great SaJtLakeVal ley,and since then has been the route generally adoptedTbe cost of •rantportaitoa for a family of eight Mraoas from Uverpool to Utah, iaduding the expense of teams Is about £67, or WSO but stogie*perstms"rrequenUyktdents, from the accounts given, must h e very economi- cal of Ltatne as.IN BROOXITK.No*. 38,40,42 aad 44 Mainetreet-Yards and sinks re-ported.Nos. 1,2,8 snd 4 Howard court—Yards and sinks re- ported.Noa. 26, 82, 80. 36 and 38 Hudson avenue-Citterns of some and ainks of others reported.No. 1C0 Plymouth street, 1 snd 8 York street, 6 Jsy etieet sad 61 Tillary, are reported a* havtog sinks whtoh need cleaning.The Board then adjourned.More Bills Sigutd by tan Governor. [From the Albany Journal, May 1.1The Governor signed, on the 27th ntt, the toltowinf blllt:—i Of setaate sadywatordey tharawasaa evbtootscene: that m a cur eyes here waa one for a pwtura. Oc-cupyingthewhole forward endefthe boat, ant piledfrom floor toeetnag, waa tha bsgsage of near six hun-dred tmigranto. And such baggage There ware boxes,bundles, big and little; bega, tang, short, fat, leanequate,round,ofallgeometricaltotmaanddtmeastoao;Untitled Documenti kettles, crockery, tin ware, collety,gune, canon to toot,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069I%Htovweaver by occumtion originally, but since his eighteenth af'ernocn Joba James, a Methodist clergyman from year be has beta engaged In preaching Mormon doctrines, Missouri, being desirous of securing passage for himself aad is said to be a popular and forcible speaker. He is and family for California, waa by aome means thirty five years of age, and evidently wields strong in-induced to eater P a t Duffy's establishment, 109 fluence among tbe data with which he to connected.118,120,160 and 177 East Forty first street-Sinks fall. 312 and 266 West Twenty sixth street—Stake full.314 and 884 West Twenty seventh street—Sinks mil. 267 and 209 Tenth avenue—Sinks full and dangerous. 61,63 snd 66 Sullivan street-Sinks full.11 Clarke etreet—Sink full.117 snd 119 Charlton street-Sinks full.71,73,66, (9 and 69 King street—Sinks fnU. 119,193,193* and 201 Varick street—Sink* full. 167Churchstreet—Houseandyardfilthy,andsinkfull. 42 Thomas street—Sink needs cleaning.64 West Broadway—Sink needs cleaning and yard verydirty.196 Church street—Sink needs cleaning.ii8 Church etreet—Bouae and sink very dirty.173 East Twenty fifth street—Privy in a most filthr condition.47S,476,teeSecondavenue-Sinksfilthy.161,168 Bast Thirty sixth street-Sinks filthy.77 East Fortieth street—Sink and yard aeed cleaning 20, 22,24 Trinity place-Sinks need cleaning.80 Greenwich street—Sinks need cleaning.2,4, 6 Morris street—Sinks need cleaning.18 Carlisle street— Sicks need cleaning.133 sad 184 Beekman street—Used as a store house forflehandpoultry,arekeptiaaveryfilthycondition. Pomp to front of 94 Franklin street to a very dangerousWent street. There h e w a s shown a diagram of the second cabn of the steamer which sails for Asplnwall on the 6th Inst, and Anally selected suitable berths, for whtoh he paid Duffy $600. 8ubaequectly, the reverendgentlemanascertainedthatDuffybadpalmedoffIn addition to the large number who left for Albany and the West to the New World yesterday afternoon, delegations are about departing from Philadelphia, Bos- ton and other places, a large portion of whom are Ameri- cana Fivehundredareexpected toleave tbeStateofbeaa committed, that be oommttted the murder, and theproof at thai mast beclearandconclusive,asmuchbeyoad ooabt aad cavil aa auBshine. Tha jury steerage tickets upon him, which were only worth $360. Pennsylvania alone, and advices received from the West M e t stead Armiy b y theaa positions of th e In addition to the charge of swindling. Mr. James made a state that the emigration rrom that section will bo greater saw,papularprejudiceaadclamor notwithstanding Tbapesauoa of the premier, hat aduoattoa,htt habits, bissmall farm whtoh tbey owned to De ttalb coarty. a * Rev. Mr. iJsxniCH and others demanded that the charge* Knepp informed her son ' Jakey" d her mtettim te t aarafatof, bJo damastttoa, ato aircaautaacce, were saoh before the death of Mia Hardea as totbe Idea of bis being a murderer. Y ou are io teak at these things and to consider them. Tbe aoaptwitotodthecircumstanoeaofHardee's early tretotog. courtship and marnage, attempting to show that aaa abate bad made eat ao motive for the committal ef use avtoao, and that, wttb the slight exception of a" g always extotad be- At thai fiail >f Mr. Bradley's address, tba Courted-comptaiatagainstDuffyforkeepingadisorderlyhouse,as thaninanypreviousyear. TheMormons areevidently under tbe new law he had a right so to do. Warranto much encouraged by tbeae promising fruits of tbewere issued Ut the arrest of Duffy and one of his part- dissemination of their doctrines, and the few with whom we conversed aeemed to be perfectly over-should be substantiated on tbe spot.Rev. Mr. NORMS was ia favor d referring it quietly tothe dd man,and requested "Jakey"tobold thtia men'* bends, while abe weald choke htm to dattt •'Jakey" refuted. So ib* said no more about the waa* until tbe next mornlrg, when abe pertoaied Kttay.pretence, to enter the milk house, aad at *»wontatheadofsteppingoutdtbebuttdm--g,,*a*b*asw**atnt tim on the back of the head with a heavy club I tbea eeised Use axe wbicb the bad ready, sad struck*on tbe forehead, fracturing the skull. S e ehim to the we 1 and threw him ia, aad as hehe grasped tbe top d the g a m , whtoh grasp htmtoreeasebydriktogbanupontha hands »«,"• end o f a heavy board. He then sank to ths bettemtf tot •toatoMMie then threw a number d ehunk* tots the **•'*. marking te her BOBat tbe time that to case search was made for the old man, hto btuy would aot be **»<*?*: Therebeirgaomestatsd blooduponthedrees •**»• on at the time the placed a eeeead dress everlt, « T * 3 ••Jakey"tohi^etheaxeandclub with *^.r"UT"! cemmtued tbe deed. She west to s Mr* Bauth ». nvmj about a miledtatant,and •V******:??*!^°*„ to her command, •*^Z"^£tt+ hn* She met ber son in law. Ptoet, aad told torn « £ * £ / £ judlearaed thdmjMmmwmJ^y£*££*She was acoqrdtogly r -with the murder—a conto exaauae htr clothing, ead fothe stains d blood spoken d-when t aadinquiredfor«Jakey,"stiticgtbdhiiwat»jgpboy , and that they would get **««*% kMtaae» was thentatCTrogated,and at nrat deeded « " J a » of n* matter, but aXterwardtjaadea ^ ^ ^ J a a t t a - wa*wtedtostweak,loaadf^BVioann**ata•«•r-- ttarytor Bfo.The earn of tweaty foouseed doltetn hesbatoeto*^tamvta dreaoarces to relieve hto aand altogether tram earetww^-Btigbt, perbaps, is taene desree prevent bisiJ^a>»w togthereasatneevd hisu'einsaohaatwawt»^mbeaeflt ol bit fel'^w u.%» ratbM- uaa d •4TMn?:1Bl hiaaeelf.aaaremot*cnageutaltoha r^tUM!\M^ll9' <vrtaiprywa«welldeserved,Bidteeqatetsad —i._ •orawhichttwa*tteatowe-d,aayttheBatwaAd**£ \ •. rre taMr »->tvr rtv ' /.itaa of the aga It wet twrj .le^M-i '.. 'ae* • •i .s,ripitan offilO.OOO.bi* ' " ^ners, named Charles Gllmour, and placed la the hands of Captain Harttfor execution.BKBAXWO Oraa HIS Eariorn's LxTTtm—Thomas J. Ptttaaa, a joung m an about eighteen years old, was taken Into custody by policeman MoDoaoagh, of the Second preetoet, oa charge of breaking opaa several let tore addressed to John H Lester, of No. 67 Pearl steeet, and abstracting from one of them a draft oa the Stamford BankofConnecticutfor*450 Thenvtooaer,Itttaliased offered the draft in question lor sale to B. T. Froes. OTNO' 104 South street, but before the Uanaaction could be ooa' lummated the policeman pounced upon the young offeadarjoy a at the prospect of a ruture life among those with whom they could lully sympathise, sad live ia relations ofharmonywhich bedbeen deniedthemintbetrown country. And, on the other hand, Mr. Cannon states thst the Saiiits in Utah a r e just as anxious for their acquisi- tion. No man in Utah wants for employment and espe- cially are the services of those acquainted with toe work Ing of Iron and coal mints, and manufactures generally, desired, to devi-lope the resources of that country which are a s yet unemployed.Mr. Cannon farther informs us that oa tbe reeling b e tweea the Mormons sad the general government is now regarded as subsiding, a number of missionaries will leaveacommittee, in order that they might examine into t h emonths and six days, died oa the 6th nit at the residenceBev. Dr. OBBOBS offered a readutton to aaaotot a eosa Bitteo d five te consider and report upon a new andhimselfpsrtiejtywwhbaawT^»dwp©aittwJlban*the!•,«.- wt-.flteitctbcamo-iaiweBtratw--• Isjajhsttsn tltttttoccupyittiiigd onedelegatef.omta«?h*ena'>Joo/«f.*i»* * r ~ C w « t t . taealy six of them are progressiva and lae^ty roafcv.va aad i t * .b-:.^ s aa a;-'.ro,*a*od wished egerlaia.! ! ..£"««," •S»»to»ttit>li»ia*,iii*jji»!fti;»g.r ABBIVAL OP MOBMOH SAIHrS.FactJ-Death* oa the Voyage,arrival ef five haadre* or a tbaaaend emifreato to tbipbasof latoyeenbwnaatooooototoen thaa a of the foot, though aa Importantthat ofaBsoa the prospective wwi tola af ear country, excttoa Batte moreBAT.BOWAIX), May 1, I860.one to attest, baartof what_ g _ k-a*aB» m^mnlv«*re was a worker, total j ^ J t o t t l t t M M batory of Bee ii| utatlbev would l*an acaatoktoa^wMeh W * * ^ »•*» well be proud nil aeemed tt) hato Jtoe l>eat ofttto Tntrterntfa f>iaaVenotol Otmftreaceef tttaMiCfaoatot Charon commenced Ms aeattoa La 8 t James' -Jala, thai -etnas*; and tt to probable thattabsaMMBrnVd mVCQ OaaTo) afiOtUwrnwasP WwaKrBaOneatlJvltcgee of the time boaored eastfi of thot/own ooantry, anlundertakea a journey eight thousand miles toleagth to imrtiaitoto to a switol, pollatom aoBaralkssfdtothehistoryofniankind.wogtvebelowan accountofavisitpaidtothemveeterdey,byoneofoarii^biwooauap^to*. Woil,whet if ho W B isuspected, aad be knew It Ho waa sinned aad bewtt- ignorant of tha amoaat necessary to cause death, aad prove new to the majority of our readers.conaidertog that the mere abe took the more effectual IIIaooMtrv nroot of btt toaoeeeee* No, gaauemea, be did tbeaaht It unnatural. They say he gave h a watt aad Albany line, preparatory to leaving tha dty on their places tor aa encanttnnent, they « * « o ^ ° * ^reitort rial appointments from two to five years, and tha modlft-nbtfoio»aaua, taste*ha wwaaatea with hua.declaring etam white powders, aad ao be dM ; bat be mads long Westera roar. Oae or two banIrei, however, re- as above stated. The report was accepted, and it now caviouoftbeofhoeofihepresidtog dderahlp. Uanopto-wlaeratobadbaaatoWoa^oapawaa to kill bla wife; bo saaaaahaaat ef theaa, and they are like ioa may be given In advance, baaed however upon relia-mained for the moment in the rotunla, under the direc-utdaot kill bia wife at ell aad BOWwa hare exantiaed those produced here, of which yoa could eat a bushel only remain*for thecxmnoate*totohnaotton ble tolormation, itto very doubtful whether anal aottoatnlwhoto eased tha mate «Jee bow, in the crwdbtarf without hurttag you/for they are Ilka most homeopathic tlon of Brothsr George L. Cannon, the President of the The camp ground is about three fourtas of a mile la will be taken upon the above Important alterant to tbaiMmVm wkil half tba aitabhiirtoieil; why did hawaaores/, aadtbeboatptoa forbatItoietopwoawoemaanity. BntbotoldMr.oaaor—tt all amounts to the same thing-and there was more than aa oaaes to tha via! FUtoea grams ofS e found la the body of Mrs Harden a tbe amount which waa tbrewaoffi topto of aonvenattoa for aeveralitlitary mea. and has oreated no little among the many admirers of the reejimeat, to now mineduponbeyondperadventure.OnlastTuesdaynighttheRegimentalBoardifOfficer*andvonuittage-I*.Cbiltoa«yn agreatdealmere. Thaitelleastory'oftheamountofarsenictakenbyMia.Har-d«TtotaflyirreconcilablewttbBardea'aknowledgeofthe reporters, andaome particulars whtoh will I"**** subject, but coasisteai with bar own theory, abe beingofItsprovisionshas*£tonffe5deree\B*d be told a ua. Io there anything ortmtaal lathatf He toes, the arxt day, end begs Mr. Herr's paraoa, myto* that he bad wed a lie to avoid aasptoiea But Saga*, says the State; bat the • * " - « ^ « » ? » * £ afternoon, we found that the Underwriter had discharged Basnt Tha committee Mated that, after the ex-bTtc*tn*uotb. then,dtae'ther Aad he waa still saa- Bhsatey waned the araaato for rata, aad Hardea aimpy her cargo, and that a majority of the emlgraats had been penditure* of a great deal of ttaoe aad labor In slavery, prohibiting slaveholders from beoomiag mem- Ja«o7ih*a, wnea't hrf Wall, * - . wasn't this ua aaara reminded Woodruff of aobarge at orat given to h>mself, tbe dttcbarge of the duty confided to them, aad visit bers of the church; the feasibility of admitting the tatty thTSdfeartea.ofgaaa. *TMTMJ*«*»r*2*Z' aadtfMra.Hardeabadaavdtodaeooawouldeverhare traatfemdtothesteamerNewWorld,oftheMewYork mgrumerouVplacesthathadbeensuggestedassuitable intoUiecounselsofthechurch;tbeextensionofministe-operationsT would be. He procured the arsenic to be Arriving at OhtUeGaraon,about thmo'ohrok in theCtobtTOundo.Statealaa^^ «*• ** « * h»oiBaf>Theee queettons will be called up at thaiaeealon of the Coa- ftoeBtt*,a*toeay ttienraaetoty ofnohasyef tha rate oncirctmierence fire miles southwest of the tower *to*nv boat landing a t Staten Islan i , and within three fourths of a mile of oae of the stations of the new Staten Island Bailioed, recently put into operation. The camp ground«\ toqairo "bow thai tody came to her been areeato would ba bare shown them aad oasl tbeta an oeoasion of the kind devolving upon him tt an elevated plateau soar ths lea shore, whereBev Mr. Tayter tt aevthe onljby hundreds, at least They may be I the north, todastrioutly engagwtto.awdknicaught trying tothat they might etda on tea anderfreand reilread. Whin Rev Mr. Taylor a bold, boned aad _truth, uteres eat to be aaata aires* I submit to yea. renafOlrs, he got them at Morrtttown, at the Instance of Church of tbe Eastern end Middle States, who wa s i (bat tbe Stem baa not made oat a ease, aad Mr Berr, aad the very fact that he gave her differentDtecipiiiie at the present sitting A great many speeches will b e made b y t h e moot disungulehed men to t h e church; indeed, i t anay b e remarked that the oelegsus cbosea to represent the aanaal conference* at this "Court of Appeals," ere for the most part tbe ab'est and most popular minister* connect edwiihtte church; but as a three fourti vote is requiredettrers hi'a tot a partieto of evtdtBce before yoa to ooa remedies shows that he didn't know what was the matter buoy to perfecting the arrangements end providing Tlotthatdefendant Weml{hiatophere,bat wogofar- withher,and tried every meansof relief. Iftheyhad for the thousand and one details Incident toSuicide ead homicide are aot eaaity die- opealyr The counsel then mtoately ooaoldered Hardee'sas lupermtealent of the arrival and departure ofMormon emlgraats. From this gentleman we learnedthat the present shipload to the largest which has arrivedthere o r e excellent bathing fa duties, besides affording an unobatruoted view of Sandy Book, Rarttan Bay, Longtmcatobed, geattomen, to aome caaee; aad la tbiaconduct during the week of hat wtfe'a aiokneas, arguingceae, w* aay. that thai unhappy tody, by her that, except bia going to Beaton, aad not to Milford, thered the other* d bis cites are revolutionary eat | .It is not likely, judging from the complexion of the enuredtotegaticna n o w convened, that t b e alteration* alreadyeuuu ereted will be made. Of oouree the proceedings this iBgcomrMuatlvetabtaitwulbeeeeutbjaUiereaMbeaaaecott landed sevca hundred and twenty five passengers. lection b y tbe committee oertetoly .reflects credit on theirthelumoracirculatedabouther,bytheconductofherSobabilitytbertdtoutoutaetsofHardea'BrtdtogtoMB- weekwillbeuninteresting,lortheywillconstatofor-largedemocraticgalatornneattapbtoataoathsanawatoapdeoatog,woehtItnotbarebeaanaturalfar hour,thattheBadethttitatemeattohim. Yoacannot bar toaaspectgiving auerrjemntreporto ft h e pro-repared for bar by bar husband aba becamerd to on short a time, ever eueh roads, sbowa that tbe judgment axd aagaoity. gaaiiauoB, the reception of certificates of delegates, thepanato towerda her haaoand.aaa by coaatoaUy dweU- wbole matter waa spoken of as a joke; and ao oae can Small companies of tea, twenty aad fifty, however, are the encampment will .occupy a period of ten days,or toi apoa theaa troabtea bar mind waa kept to a state of talk with Hardea tea minutes without hit falling into a frtqnentlf arrivtot, end quite a Dumber of the emi- longer if deairable. Ito design is atrictly for military Im-freeiyTtoooutewhichbarcoaataatandpalatalaKkaaaaaa jest. BsdidaatconcealthathehadbeentoBastoauntil, grantswhocamelast fall have spenttbewinterla this provement Thenew camp equipage to be used,ror aad be- Jnalmatiff awed-qaottog largely tram tba ert- snforteoBteiy. and under a totatoken Idea, he tells Mr. which the Legislature appropriated $5,000, will constat ofappointment of committees and other routine matters. election tore years age The foUowtag to tht vote tar When tbe committees present their reports the discat Mayor to 1868 and 186C -alonewillfairly commence,andinorderthatthebastaoa*may be expedited, tbe Conference will hold only one ses-otaaVte VMItotoTbeae pomta. She had a greater motlre Berr that be bad been to Bilfbrd, but the aext day apolo- dty and Now Jersey, awaiting the pleasant weather of two hundred wall tents for the use of the rank and file, sion each day for the first week, to a* to afford the com- Bj3,T71 66,2(1 thaabarbaabaadtoputanendtoherlife.Shebadgistsandretractstbeetatemeat,asearhonestmanspring,tothemeanwhileindustriouslypursuingtheirexclusiveofthosetobeusedbythefieldoffloer*,whtohmittee*ampletimetopreparetheirreport* Lesnocraucm*•9**mm9•ae*»JWfitba anme meana at her dacaaaL SheOMtokatbe a n a would. Bat not eeaaaabag tbe glasses, the cordial, aay various occupations and adding to their limited stock of ere to be of more eaborate dimensions.It tt said that Bishops will he elected before the close of foe aessioa, but tbe names of the candidates tor that Ugh office are not yet known The term of service of the editor*oftbevariousperiodicalsandnewspapersae Bardea aaya Oa no other rational bypotbeato of tbe metrameato ead means of his sappesed guilt, argueof suicide From this simple atoteaaeat tbere are abun- Did Harden* repeated application of all sortsof ramodlea fact that by prudence and economy—two characters peOpposition majority 4,701Taa democratic gata in tareyear*to nearly fearIwhltoother*thiskthatDaald8 agoodaecoBd to8am. We are tadlned tobothefanewgeaUemeeweai dartingas abobtothetaild OldSanato,Iijou eocooat for bar beiag tick oa Toaaday night. Shedoes aat complain- another tost; aha aeeko aoUtada aadoctetabarefute•anymedicalaid:abeceTororeagivesaB^uaMtoaattotbeeauoaorhertllaaas All these toinge tor heiaelf aa long as she could, and refused to granta belong to tbe poorer classes; but it tt a remarkable Le^oerary leata wttisb the books lay down as the proofs aave a payetotaa sent for to spite of restated requests.dantmeansforyoatotoferbowabecametoher death. Thereabewas tbawhole week, aadifBardea was all the while eating up bar lue wttb araaato, d o y o a aoDpoae that abe—a woman of sumac judgement, dear oercepuoa, high ipirtta—would be fad upon tbfood, aad never bare suspected the caaaa of bar aad tba gdltt of her husband? Bren a* aha• laaliiaaof icullertoMormonseverywhere—theyravemorethan manywhohavegreaterfadlttleafor makingitandhaveor of theCftrtttton Adteeafc andJaavwat,who tosaidtobeafinishedandlogicalwriter,tomentionedbyhis innocence; but Mrs. Harden did attempt to coaceal her evacuationsaslongaspossible,aadcarriedthemoatwordly goods.lookliketheactaofaguiltyman,whoknewthatalltbeaethingswouldbetovain? Nooaethought thatMrs.Har-den a a t ao unwell. It is a peculiar symptom of arsenicalpoaon thst just before death the victim is lively aad ap- more abundant means at their command. pareatiy better; and tbere was nothtog to ttra. Harden'sInoommandoftheSeventhregimentengineercorps,will, withhiscommand, superintend thamappingoutofthe sampconditionto exert* alarm, unless she had made bar state- ojUhe Underwriter left Liverpool on the 31st of March,Co onel Lefferta, of the Seventh, will, b y the military Ey, and tt tt not unlikely that he may be re elected to importantpost Hetttbaauthorofthe"Htttoryof tow of the State, have junadiction over tbe territory wtth loaism." which baa been recently published, and has_t to her husband. Aad I have ao doubt that itafter bio return from Painter s, where be stayed about'anand consequently tbe passage wee made la Just a mouth. The captain reports that t h e weather waa exoeedtagty boisterous, bat that to en experience of twenty yean on the ocean, he baa never brought to our shores a shiploadto a circuit of oae mile from the camp, aad, ao doubt, judging froaa ato past rigidity to military affairs, oae every preoaattou to preserve the peace during the ooatl- nuation of the camp; to this end the sale of bquors will he prohibited within one mile of the camp, aad ao gam bling or other unlawful acts will be permitted within t h efained for him a world wide reputation. Meters. CarBoa • Porter, the managers of tbe Now York Book Concern, are here for the purpose of supervising the publication ofA dally eeedlngnBowAXD Ermum xan levee at Bant Boston, en the the BOW p t c k d ship namefleam—At aTbe ariangemeato for the Commawariat have not been definitely agreed upon, but it to supposed that proposals Aswil1beoeeafromthetablebelow,mostofthaoral- WillbetolicitedfromoarfirstclassNewYorkrestaura-paper , atokTAndwouldnotahabarespokenata,tospitoofwenttobed,andheardnothingmoreofttuntilBardeaofemigrantsagainstwhomhecouldutterleasofcom-militarypreoind.Toaidincarryingouttbeaearrange]TbehallInwhichtbeConferencetohddtoaapaotonnctsomething,wbeaeverytimeabaatoortook aaithtog preparedundertake to fix everythingtotUpropertime;even tbe witnesses cacao* Ox it After bis return Caroline Smithher lore for him' Oa that Tamday wbaa aba came to catted M ia Ramsey W hy didn't be rouse the family. plaint. They wire quiet, orderly, tidy an drouinotoaceo Baawoys,abasawthearscale,thewentoattor a drink tendforaphyaicmn,anddoallthatcouldbedone?Thereofwater abe,hkeawtoouWdea,tookamrgadoss,aad, maybemorathenoaereasonwhy. Hemaybare bean permittedthemtobe,and,exceptingamongthecrew,heinstead of killtot, it oaiy sickened her. She was just the satfefteduom her autement that the was peat all hope, bee not beard an oath since he left England^ In whatevermeats a large force ef police, uader tbeoommaad of Capt bolidmg, and no doubt w as chosen ia preference to a n tentleman pramat, to a enaiatatthi laterval to atowomantodotba;shewasjustthewomantoperstotla eadthereforedidnotwttbtoexposeheraadhimselfto aaata aba aaoompHabed it. Y oa know how , wbea a the odium of the world. Ho may aot hove believed it, personsetaeachanWenlabiamind,howhewillpersistin aadtothaidreadfalstoleof indecisionhavebeottateduathe Mormons engage they are very systematic. They make tows for tbetr regulation, and obey the authorities who administer them. During the voyage of the Uader writer the ship was divided into fourteen wards, betidesCharlesTnrnbnU,willbedetailed.Meeting af tteePolice Conamlsalanerrs.The Board of Polloe Commisilonere met yesterday af terneon, bothmembers presentThe restanettons of Captain Shearman, of the Thirdchurch becauseittowell known that anumber efthe speecbee,toastedMr Everettaa thefittestcandidatetar celtgatesareaddictedtothe3Lof theweed. TheJudg- tha aextPreddeat of theUnited State* Mr.fvaraB ment of the individual who naawTthto suggeetJou was par-ticular,vsound,loratthesessionoftheNewYorkConfe-rence, held tost month, the beautiful church of St. Peal'swas polluted by the liquid juice, whtoh wan ooptoaaty laugh, that he "did not expert that from oae of aa ekdedfromthemonth*ofinveteratetobaccousers. The frtend*.'' _ _ _ _ _ _ _gallerka were filled with spectators, a majority ot whomcarrying it out. aad ane aaki that abe bad aoaght to com mb tba aat before aba tart boms, aad failing la thai aba took the means at Bawaoya, aadad anon leering tba world aad occupying peaceful spot la tba graveyard, to spite of the re msastrsanm. tbsearaeot aad vigorous straggles of nature. BatIaballeave thJsbranch ofmyeaostothelearnedwhoabaUfollow ass,aadIaballadvwrttobat that at Harden'•i Jury. I submit to yoaiaad surroundtogs of the case prove bJo statementtil be found bar to her death agoatoa. All these would be• Mural, aad might happen to you or 1. Many a oaaa baaprecinct, Brooklyn, and patrolman George L. Downs, of were ladles, and the greatest interest seemedto be evinced •Tlte PtoyadelearnctU PaceUlnrltlea of CaU-true. Bat tba State say that, svea thaa, yoa moot admitthat bo stood by for five hours and saw bJo wife suffer.Be did take measures for her relief; he did Intend to sendfar a physician as BOOB as daylight came; be did not be-Dare hat wife to be to such great danger Do yoa believe sa early burial, oa account of ths condition of the body.services were hold daily, consisting of prayer, spanking and singing, and occasionally these were varied b y reci tattoos, dancing aad other Innocent amusements of a healthful character. During the trip four deaths oc- curred, and afforded to the living the aad spectacle of a burial at eee—two of these beiag children, one a tomatopointed policemen.A letter w a s received rrom t h e m o t Commissioners, thanking the Board for havtog removed the abal poto* from the harbor.Tba following report wa* received from Sergeant Lord, of the Sanitary Police —14S Houston street Front and rear sinks filthy.180 Prince. 187 Iaurens, 131 Greene, 849,199, 201, aaddivinebless-tba} bo was such s human ftoad as to heap crime upon ribai; murder his wife to the first place aad perjureAnd even If be waned her buried quickly because abeb y thaapresented far greater difficulties thaa thtt, aad theCourt have instructed the jury that they could that of the second cabin. Bach one of these was presidedtbe Fourteenth ward, were received and accepted. Offloer Drjsnabnrry was trenferred to the detective force, end JamesCarroll,ofthe Fourteenth precinct,finedthirty days pay for absenting himself from doty without leave.to the proceediaaa. Ttaa platform waa reserved for the Brabo} e, among whom wV observed Bishops Morris, Ames, Baker, Scott aad Janes Soon after nine o'clock Btahop MORRIS,theseniorpresidingofficer,called theConference toorder,by readtegthe116thPsalm,after whtohtha brethren joined ia singing the 707th Hymn, oommrSMtag,And are we yet alive,And nee each other'* rone? gentleman then invoked theBa* • ! • iWe have received a copy d the ananal report d tonRegattrarefCblhttrnto,fortheyearIts*,nrtatoaby oftan)CahTorntoSenate,fromwhtohweleanthen that year 1,744 marriage*, 168 births, 66 diroroa aadL^aideahs * The Registrar qualifies h i t report b y stating that Oatfigures ere aot accurate, In cousequeoce ef theIof*t persons to conform tothetow requiringiia all the cane* above enumerated bat he roaildcts tt* figures submitted as a fair approximation to tbethe Begtotrar, in apeaktagd the r*ystolo*>»l character d Oaliiornia, saya —While I have neither the desire, the spaee, nor the abal ty,toeatermtoanythinglikealengthydtooonntoadte Iihytoologtoal character of the causes d death to Oahiar- ata,IcannotdtarnlastheaubJertwithouttadulgtaga ansnegeneral remarks trenching upon thecoaaaesaf medical aoteaoe. There tt perhaps no population d toterne aggregate In the world where deaths of a suddts •adTtotontcharacterared anfrequentoooarrenos asa canfornto, While sudden and violent death* tram aen- dett, owing to the nature d the avocatioas of a large w rton of tbe peopled this State, are of more frequent at are than etoewbere, when disease does take to the ajstem, tt* course, in moat instances,*aot And a verdict upon such evidence, so many things are potBible, to ao many ways can we ex- plain thesame thing Tbecounsel then eloquently eulogisedMrs.Hardea,sympathizingwithheraadfate, whether the perished by her own head or thai of her husband. Attentive to ail b a wt'e's wants before herdeath—going for bread, far buttermilk, forthey charge Dim with heartlceaaene after bartalks; what could be dof Ha does aot boxy Heover by a competent person, who w i t held respoaeibleror every breach of neatness and decorum under his ju.risdlcttoa,andwhoconductedthereligiousexerctoesofthe little group when tt was impossible for then ail tomeet In a body. Whenever the weather permitted public D. B. Applegeto, of Brooklyn, end Win. Stewart were apherto her weddtog robes of bis own wish, bat at the sui_ _of others. Mrs. Vsa Sickle, aad not Hardea, suggestedthe occupa Ions are - Farmers. 4 Policeman.12 Colliers. 1 Lawyer..,. ... ••••••.. 1ment lull of stagnant water.71 Mangto street—Sink filthy snd yard dirty.Tbe alley at No. OS Mangto street to to a very filthycondition, sad the houses aleeHouse m rear of N n 41 Broome street—Yard, cellarand privy are very filthy.No. 18 Ridge street, la the rear—Yard very filthy.annual Conferences, front Maine to California, whtoh occupied over en hoar. While the namesTinsmith1 Whitesmith.....Coach painters.Metal refinersOrnament maker .. 1 Vitriolmaker... .. 1 21 Weal street—Sunk filthy.Porters Brickmyer Ironworkers.. 4 Waterman .. 1 Seamen12X Washington street-Sink to a dangerous and filthy • • l i t a .. 1 condition... 2 Teachers ..49 MillerYork Conference, regretting that be could not be present, skill, disease d the heart, to also d a frequency uaasr-• • • s e e * .. 2 4bX Whitehall street—Stairs are broken nod danger- on account of indteposition. Hi* place waa supplied by alleled to other region*. While rwrtwimptina a* waa to*Of spinsters there are 92; wives, 96; widows, 10; chilneed cleaning27 Rutgers street—Sink full and yard filthy. 228aad214Detanoeystreet—Sinkfull.211, 219, 221 and 318 Detancey street—Sinks dirty anddangerowe.112 and 148 East Forty second street—Sinks dirty anddangerous-.263,267 and 369 West Twenty sixth street—Sinks full. 334 sad 486 West Twenty seventh street—Sinks full 292, 296, SftSX, 806,807,309.311 snd 318 West Twenty-eighth street—Sinks all reported full.167 East Twenty sixth street—Stoki full.130 East lhirty eighth street—Sinks full.128 East Thirtyeighth street—Sink and cellar filthy. K3 East Forty first street, la the rear—Sink full.tags, which was adopted.Dr. CLARK moved the appointment of a committee ofthree on rules, which was carried.Dr llxiii presented a series d resolutions for the appointment d the following standing committees, to con siBt ol one member from each annual conference, via.:— The Episcopacy, Itinerancy, Slavery, Book Concern, Missions, Education, Sunday Schools, a a d Lay Delega- tions The first resolution, enumerating the above topics, waa adopted.A resolution was adopted appointing a committee on German work, consisting d t h e German delegates a a d one member from each English conference having Ger- man work connected with it.The Conference adjourned t o meet a t three o'clock, when the other resolutions will be taken up and discussed.AFTERNOON SESSION.The Conference met at three o'clock, Btahop Baker tothe chair. After the usual religious services, aad the reading d the minutes d the morning setsion, Rev. Mr. BKIKSOM moved that the paper protesting against the election d five delegate* from the Wisconsin Confereea* be taken from the table and referred to a special com mitten.medical mea d the Stele, a number d whom have em tributed able papers on tbe aubjed to medical aadtine joumeia, in which a variety d theories oa theject have been addressed. Without taking grounds either—aot fee-ling mjeelf competent te " decide doctors disagree,'* or intruding aa opinion anon a depart- ment, the menbers o which are proverbially taut awl of their ardent "right? pnvTeges and lmmuntiet, tat from time immemorial jealous d the inroads d oataiswt and mterlopers into their profession—ar»er some conattt- rable attention devoted to tbto subiect. coupled with tt*knowledge d the localities in which the drtaeea prevail to the greatest extent, a* (Browned by tbe mortuary It- cordsinmyoffice,Iamtachsedtobehavethatthetheory advanced and aupported by a medical geaUemaa d to* State to aa able eaaay oa the evbject, that the dwaaa b •alnly dependent upon a m<a*mat>c or malarious stttt a tbe atmaaphere, tt the correct one.An O ld M i a Thrown Into a Well by H* Wat*.[Frcm the Fort Wayne (tod.) Times, April f* ] Tbe murdered man and the murderess were hosted aad wife, and bad maintained that relation to each stter forapari'ddupwardsoffiftyyears. TheyrestJedati(which, by the by, is a very stringent one), came up be-foreJusticeWelshattheLowerPoliceCourt,yesterday aa'•tbewalkingBible."HetoaScotchmanbybirth,a 101EastForty-firststreet—Sinklullcondition. ' ^ ^No. 9 Greenwich street—An old tenement bonne. The >custody Ptttman,whoisquttea pro- Utah thisspring for the East andforEurope, Twoof .ntryttverydirty,gutteranddirtboxfilthyandshere-tempt t o conduct a ease a t t h e same time. Xbttadefct Folk hai instructed tbe policetorecogniae thcmiettle the matter themselves. A " and let •are these gentlemen an Tuesday eftsrnoan, when Justice ByC>r wanted to adjoura the cane over, bat Mr. Witter wcu'dnetagreewithhim.ThePoliosClerkfinallyadjourned the ease to tail ato ownObitnarylire. Maattttaaw Paasio, aged ninety ales years, tena*!!"TM Pw"*y»»*hiei ead lived to see the grandchild ofat h a residence In Mr W. was a brother KptocopalChurch.r ore that s ges himself " Polloe Justice,'eaee, sospidoa pointad at bar.arrested, but deaied allDeputyBBVtoade to from seventy to eighty —— --—-~ -betterfaciotksfortravellingacrossthePI' provided thaa ever before. ProvtsioBS have tered along (be rente at dtffrreatatattons the narwy carried will coasequeatty be much re_AfterleavingFlorence,th a tripI tusuallytheatonalt»* Leavtagenough onthe-«-- •--•the harbor of New York, and to authorize tbetr removal, and to correct the Harbor Commlwionera' linesAn act to amend the alxth seotioo of an act entitled ingthe breed or ted April 16,lSKandP ataotoU a u m TheGoventordmhanoaMortwootberbflttaadercimrideration, tor it tt a mistake to suppose that he tt limited totenday* after the aeealon. Tbere ba* never been any ooubt that if he may sign at all after the adjournment af teeLegtttarurebemaysignatanytime. ladeed.Gov. 9V*"««»»^«Wbffla*btteoaiaty,wa bsatore. The onlydoubtthatbaaeverbeenrawed baabeaaa*tothe righttoslgaatall aftertheadjoaraaMat Mr.wU m M d\*^V £•"•**> • * ***£f • *»» Gowmee Mor-een that he could net sign any Mils after aba adjournment Tha present Attorney General takes* different vtew, and,lti,€(-0,f tle^rNew\ot? 'next daumased, aad laid oa the table. The aext reeetu- ttoa provided for tbe appointment or a committee or seven oa tbe Bible Cense, Temperance, Temporal Economy and tbe Pastoral Address,whtohwasadoptedwhich waa adoptedon motion the Ouufereaoe thee adjourned till Wadaen«eyTELEGRAPHIC OlRBTBCIA1.BUFFALODB«r*ATCn.BorvAin,May2,i860 Tbesesstoad thsConferencetoday waa apeat inap-potnticg-tbeStandingCommittee.The Committee oa Slavery aumWrt «C ineuitw*, coa.. 1 •••*••..ISl tbeumsecttouor an not penned AarU la, MiT,I L ^ f f f * ! * * ' * *ttiawBwB county, a y . 8ae waa clear, ruddy, honest and healthy tooes of tba amteraata an for the said acts may be applicable to the oounuea systematic arrangement of the order of taa Discipline,be bed just toft, with tha loog^^laao^'S?BwawMBanQnratva^sir u n hliMafAOinJMiwAhaii ^ » "•"•,,,H u* "and bulldog looking Individuals, ?ctow "raaiaar-^'th!?stostea,w h o dearre b y thtt ***«**"£to the number of fifty orof prey for a chancetoofltBdtofemigrants,andonrtybimofftobatenure, and we than proesedad to the Albany boatt h eMilitary Affaire.meat submitted their report recommeading the Richmond to tadlaaapolu, lad., tbeae propoeed ohaage*'were rony dawussed, bnt ao final aottoa wa* taken upon them.Island shore and Narrows, tbe Highland Ughthouse, the to efleet thechanges desired by a portion of the delegates,teurs to furnish the troops, while encamped, on the Euro- published under the auspices of tbe church hav-pean plan, at a stated scale of prior*. tog expired, they will be replaced by other*.CaptatoVtato, tote of the Untted States Army, but now The name of Doctor Abel Stevens, the edit- prefer Jo Lane for Tioe President an tht203 Varick street Oaks fall, and yard dirty. 87X,89,91,98,96,101,and104Went Eighteenth* • • ae • • .. 1 112 and 198 Canal street—Sinks need Immediate clean .. 1 tog.•facts, and present them to t h e Conference. H e thought thatthepapershouldhavepeen readis thehearing d tbe Conference.Altar rurther discussion the paper waa referred to a committee d five.Rev. A. Wnwanarotnm presented t h e following reaolu tioa;—Resolved, That a committee d o n e b e appointed from each annual Conference to consider the expediency or In- expediency ef ao modifying the Discipline rotating to the presiding elder* aa to reader the office compatible with a pastoral charge, wherever such an arrangement tt desiraThe readutton wa* referred to the Committee on ttine rancy.wben appointed.Dr. DaiTaaoM. of Virginia, preeented a reselulioa pro- viding tor s oomm.ttee to consider snd report upon such queenons of law as would be assigned to them, which was referred to the Committee on Itinerancy.Oa motion d Rev. W . H PKARWB, the question d ohang- tng the time d meeting of the General Oonfereaoe wa* refened to the sane committee.The resolutions d Rev. J M. Raid, whtoh were offered In the morning, were taken up, aad a protracted diacia non ensued as to the propriety of limiting committee* te nine members. Some d tha delegates ware i a favor o f exteading tbe committees to fifteen members, while others thought that u* the number were reetricted the business would be mora cxteditiously transacted The discussion waa brought to a dose by the adoption of tbe resolution providing that nine members shall constitute a quorum d each o! the atsndtag committees.AnacttopreventencroachmentsendobetrnattonaIn AreoorattoatoprovidefortheCourtofAppealswasTheing upon the convocation, boseeching the eld of the Al- mighty in the discharge of the recpeoaiblo duties before them.reverendBiehop Jjt.vis continued t h e religious exercises reading a portion o f tbe 6th chapter o f Matnew; andthe congregation sang another hymn, the Bret two lines o f which wereI love thy kingdom, Lord—Tbe house d thine abode.Rev. Mr. Trensn, of the East Baltimore conference, andRev.Mr.BRDBSOS,d theWisconsinConference,offered up prayer—the former earnestly praying that tbe glorious UniondtheAmericanState*mightbepreserved.TheP«xai»*Maskedwhat waathepleasureoftheCoa- fertace.wbeBRev. THC*. CARLTON moved that the secretaries d the last GenetalConference berequested toeattothatcap* city until those officers were appointed, which wan adopted.Rev. Metem Gairna a a d R u n s proceeded t otendance waa quite large. The election of secretaries> • • e e • •.. 2 26 Washtegtea streetto to a dangerous condition. The wa* tbe next business to order, snd on motion of Rev. State. Doubtless, habits of life and exposure have mem.. 4 The sinks at 28,27, SI and 88 Washington street are re- unanimously elected:—Ues, San Frandeoo and many portions d the vsBtys, truly Herodtta ia its devastating course—sweeping, as n does, at one fell swoop, entire famitos d children.Ia the more elevated and mountain regions d the Stttt this disease tt d extremely rare occur recce. Tht acevt and dormant causes d this almost invariably fatal att eaee, aa well aa lis varttu symptoms sad sudden aad vav.. 1 ported. No. 31 Is reported as being very dirty, from eel tartogarret.. 1 104 and SIS Madison street—Sinks full.Revs. Wm L. Barrio, d the Ohio Conference, sad Benj. Griffin, of New York, assisted by tbe Rev. Messrs. Cox of Pitu-burg, Cock d Wisconsin, and Fumore of East.. 1 In front of No. 07 Mangin street, the gutter ia very Genesee.23 Goerck street—Sink full snd yard filthy... 2 filthy. pointmeLtot a committee of the editors of the respective bee* the subjects d much aad varied dtacaatios, at swl .. 1 In the rear of No. 7 Hester street the yard aad sink church paper* to revise the official report d the proceed a* pattent, laborious, and minute investigation among toTnxA*on SAXHOCBTOBT—Same d the journals to Texasat rare occurrence among the native population d to* www.fultonhistory.com 