•what benefit it would be to them to have this vast in-majorit}-its will, and the Northerners were In the m^ority.let no Republican believe, for a single moment, that he is entitled to exemption fi-om labor until the clo.sing of the polls in November.Iiput reply.]tiiroughout thethem. Everything might depend on the vote of New- 28,G:acknowledge. He felt that they were /nenaccd with..devoured his own byoffice of President the duty of Republicans is, by no'.(ostlsatwi liimilij It was a mistake, and a greatBut wae Constltntion made that the theThe Prince of Waleswill befirammm w 6 tfttAcountry. ThJ North and Soiith stood not merely on coistood on compromieo—on something :"r;,'^l_,u a contract formed by their fatliersprobably, under a white system of labor, biexagnadlhdoeudbtedCOTIOS firm ; sales, to-day, at•rowdedpecuU&rStench so ttmll- _ ton. The original compact was made between hoped it would be abolished. rTHE PRESIDENCY.Sharing {»- Je^^'l^V ^^^JllSfptdesertaB ehlpe-tniaiJ^ettS^^Iitpc^ lbrCanadaWestt«lu«i),T8Hc.fo?d2roi2£-•t Utm, Wm. L. Yancey at the ::;ore Slav" our common ^2».„. Tinmain ofhere. TTfcBsowiR thedMculUesWaiiXT-Sales 110. Kiw-Oausmi,;S^lOic ©lOfc for Pwca, wli a de-C<Mp«r'taKtitalc.I^r.,. in STlr^lWcaIrelaUon^-lheytoLiansAT renewed hisand Democracy««niaity **• —««ri+»«D with vim. a"d ""=» ^^P''In this Presidential on the he Refutratim if s*vJ— question, contrary,^- ^" 'Sr^ of the State National DemocraUc"of somettiing that be intheUnited carried out. > « oomiult himself on tlds question, with the future sShtiaptse-s—as foreign shailplsowmsatyo registered in her ports.iSee nominated jA>i»sGE««, Esq., f9r Chan Mr Gaw" »oo* ** *''"''' *"^ announced the i.retlicton b* Hw Me of thet contract and maintain it. or elae be OjlUIUI. tUUWr.l Be" UKled IBU* UWaadto ideveloped, merely to a 1 antagonist, wouldgratify some politi- be thehevwlwlaoeusltd foUy.by the Ifarn- em ZAgkt, wiU ekne to-day (Thnraday) at 10 o'olad«iai of the following .]to<t., which,were not lOH onlyslaveholdm,J.^^to-oftMteheneMaotMaO*hMd(«ihis State when she asked It.[" Three ilege of between Atlantic and FaelOe to-day (Thusdsy) coasting portsatne'clodt.««='S^.U 'i.l«,^»8 Mgresrfve,rtxMoftte United States or of Esclutd. To pre- bushals. at 7to. for 'Winter ; 71e. fartwo l..L' r . m.. from^^ Wednesday, Oct. Id»g«in,.last«aa«al]g<l.togetherbytheannounctmcnt EtieinheritedthemfromthemenoftheRt^volQlliB lUKhen:er.$6 red $1 30a«l 36; white fl 4a<W S6- ndxed (ISc.«fi7c: Paonsioas active,.were blended In one." Th., Ike teachings and the men who liad p'r<jw«tld ping offices in the leading ports. ., ,. a.letterfrqmJi»iBT.B hesaM,indorsedfuritm:.into ojienlng a debate on the coasting trade generally. give 6,Ceastiag-IViulc.—ItwillgiveEnglishshipsthevHv-The suite for Havana by the Quaktr city w9i Ac.iMn.eKB. lauiDY'e LETTER.ess that trade, but Massachusetts and other _ despised legislation for the national Interests of theallowedauTfor-the tecoud question he replied that he would aid in eign ships to ply between any home ports and colonial Paaaaa—la Arrived.and eqwefallT m stSes out of the vast an<foffices were•-T plui wouM wotk T»eUaadMc.foraloadihLii' mori- ilw"ourfathcrfi, which had been Intcroreted by tha__-,cotton bales these irrepies!,ible phliusophers ?lecommendation of onen- hehadno vesseU on the reciprocity principle. Mr. Bxowia re-at •* 75«»o forsuperfine.St^eht[Laughter.] UN. L. Y.UICBT, would hold forth thore. There were —from the men who effected the Revolution by m Booth iiiriirred foi her slaieexpense be BO modified as to propose an In-Coas steadyVn>bd>lr more ftecklnridgc men pro^nt«m,h- »««•» the adherents of a»y other partto.lartriotlsm, wlilch a world had raiely seen, and vno, eeetof the tUi question. II a Black Republican was elected. applicable to British and American ships in both conn- WmsxT dull, at aJc. chxjung bought irom the North, although*rte. n w«, -early 8 oVIoCdbcfor.for the increase and theof slaves as $5.oeo,oco, besides various —mendations be made to Congrtsato adopt a law roqmr- bushels sales»I,rWrh>g, hootin. ^tkJn eame for^anlM-employed, for Hie son of tne Sunnyat least >iO 4tt-«ad LisGOLS and he would never tb'nk of aJvsoo- 'tis-rates. CoR!« steady, prioS mShan^Aand yelling. Ata»i proposed l"oTnhgr^eeand bein the Nwth rneMdent. But when the time came to decide it be mcrce cclDcide with Mr. Lihsbat in regard.hewhen they had established the Ubertles of their coo^ f Se«b mace ooe-fauif, was $'jo,0(JO,000. try, provided in the (.'onstltution that they had franM other food roftFlour and Bli State in that event was to decide this question, Iries. or in the Courts of bCotmhm.ittee that recom- _ ToEosTo, C. W,, Wednesdayv Oet 18. branctiee of •M he. if she went out of the Union be went 2 tigktt ,u Sf<i—The sgreed Eec( ipts of Wheat from farmers, tcday, 10,060m^UngwMk her. If [Applause.]at %\ 23«$i 30 for white #!« Winter;!sa-l!eisi?/?«,P"^- Receipts of Basliit 6,000 bashels; *1 tyV. He.(.Mr..ViscVit) had.er .hea<rlt announced tto«, [Booth was not willing to devote her labor toI11» par.CnainATi, Wednesday, Oct M.Plods duU bat ODchangad. CoRHdulL Waig- PoixPLOtR firm Howard-stre« and Ohio 75-•UESTtONS ANfi J^ISW£RS ON POLITICAL TOPICS.was Supreme Court to interpret the intent of the lawiead net let her negroes run about to injure aof J|IQIV large haU of the Cooper lustitut.^ Whatthenwasthat tlicCuniitituUon.canstitutioDa)pi» QUMghler.] She Itept them at home. She ditf tuf States. He believed in the right of so- garded it Isa war American upondelivery. SioarEzcBAaeionNew-Torkonehaaged. BiutMii, Wedneaday, Oat M,Court of the United States, and from wMlkthe South would not be drlTi n so long as there \Mfta Tke^'outh did not intend to harm the North. SIM' ^ 'a Siete's Rights man. The Consti-the General Government were reserved to ing vessels wUch had obtained in England, and re- ate demand. Hoes were sidd at *( SO for Deeeaiberrrcmeby Mr.n told them tlaat all the rights not oclegatbd Mr. H.vaSBAI spoke against the system of subsidiz- XT active at 18!Kc Ba«o> aad Visa in moder-evening, by a jtathering which vision to which lie referred ! The South was the Mr*-' traable the North with thai tiiat lion. cr ol four millions of slaves. Where did sheget thniT tairlc tlo Souilicrii luan. andenterprise. He the states willingly assentingtto it, and either, by her The Committee agreed upon the following subjects,protectionshein, our ships to carry lights, as demanded by the Eng-w«anllict "—that there was a law which declared that 'i Ai_she could not ikatod to the irrepressible conflict would be elected The Committee recommend that the Chamber of t^om-a high quarters that therethat some manIto assimila-Fias, 55c.ea0c.— South In whom na- law." True, there was an Irrepresmle QonfUctwte'wilUi to g1.*' those Slave States should be destroyed the h]|Uw aad tke doeWaM of tkerai>e herfelf. She fcr«he support of her 4.000,000 negroesBverrloibnsyeet Id suchfrom whatever section of the Unton most stead SThejr late eihieal " views of_ ._Irglslation beingEngland foreign shipsThe CommSttce also coincide with Mr. Lussat as,was enor- tloa, predicated upon a contingency. Alobaiaa had 1. Co/;i>/on.»o«SSapopiilaiion for uniform^Jvet—thatdp^nded npon for the eultlTatlon of tM MIeadoffourandahalfmillionsofbales,weping.organized, imS he tbdoght a "*~«'";ofntime CttSriS^?;not be amiss for him tosneak of a people who loved their own homes, their Dutch and English were prevented from competing therewouldbe geiieraldesolaUon and the North would The audience, which had listened to Mr. Yasoeylenged.-Certainly it might«wn State and their own section better than any other with us in tlie trade. Now no such law carrying pro- ti these, but who certainly had a respect and loyalty tected the Southern industry. The South did not aad a anlversal allegiance for the common tie which deal in ships ks the North does, and the Soutli didshare in the universal ruin. If this general desola-tion came on the South, then what should the South with great attention throughout, dispersed do ? Some thougfl the South should submit He disorder. ^^^^^^^__would sail In a fewSchr. Howard, Howard, Newbem, N. C, t*L.withboend them altogether in one Union. [Ceeers and not IIow was It with wool ? There the didn't.Falltcy ofCuuterisaHoK Exposed, treats Nervous Debility and all naval stores to J. 6. Williams. Has had heavy wnalhcii ." the diffi- complain.dies 4f Good."] He felt embarrassed by North had a he of from 30 to 30[Applause.] that theSchr. Rio Janeiro Joseph Grice, Rogers,— tariflf, thought, per etilty of addressing a popular audience here a popu- cent. Iron and other articles were about the same. lar audience in a jwpuiar canvass—in any other strain But, it would be argued, the cotintry derives a reve- Hum as the advocate of the election of BasoziNsiDOX nue from this tarifiT True, but the tarifl' promoted iand Lam, whose friend he was. [.^plause.l But Northern labor at the expense of the South, end thea new andSpecial diseases.) K8 Schr. C. T. .Strong, Gioscomb, Baltimore,.w-ilthua.a—al.»t.otreats have just happened in the political aspects of South was bound to let them knowtte country which g»ve no promise cf encouragement He knew that Soutiiem men had sometimes com- to the friends of the Union. The telegraplilc wires plained of this, and South Carolina had at one time were bringing to us tlie news that the great State of claimed that an unjust discrlminatioc was made fsansylranla, to which numbers of great and good between the industries of theaCB'had looked for safety in this canvass, had given now ItTlie Presidential contestisconcluded,so far 9 to 3, andwith coal. Schr. £. A.But the South was trae then that tills noble North- way to the iiifluence of Black Republicanism, and ern labor demands and receives the protection .if theculture was taken from the country. Theexpress approvalmade perfectly plain, by a proper understanding of the principles of Phrenol'>gy, which teach that a knowledge of a child's temperament and mental indi-*Schr. Mora, Eelley, Albany, lumber, for Beston.wasabouttocastitsvoteforasectionalcandidate, GovernmentandthatthelaboroftheSouthdidnotde-and yet get along and not starve.— aad upon a sectioiial issuethat candidate being one mand or receive such Wheersentimentswereatwarwiththebestinterests Unionwasthen valuabletotheNorthaswellastoforward to as the most terrible that would calamitynot by restraining them, which is dangerous, but a Schr. Emma, Carson, with lamMr. by YlrfUia.projxirdirectionoftheirpowers,whichmaybeunder- Schr.R.H.Verm'lyea.Rider,Tirgiiiia.patatese.afearcountry.Hewas,therefore,calledupontodirect theSouth—tothewholecountry—althoughhedidnetofblack-sandb,000,000olwlutes,whichwoulddrench triotism,respondedtotheactionofMissouri;stood by a phrenological examination.C£l atFov-Schr. Lncy Ybxlnia. HalL Virginia, with potatoes. Schr J. Ifacy. Newman. Tlra&ia, with wood.attention tathatquestion which had arisen in Penn- wish to measure theirntrtida yesterday and was there to b<; d«tcrmia<d te- could money theypatriotism byrace. In that event one or the other race must to gothe wall. If the South submitted, evil would comeOhio and Indiana, announceSchr. MarthaCoUiBSLCenias,^rMi2a. with weed.out of it. [Applause.] Then 4bKfj and which, if it dldnot exist t>efore, now involved there came up another Question. The mutu^ inter-fte question of loyalty to onu eiwlangered Constitu-themselves hi favorRepublicanof the commodities of this vastgold of California, the grain of the West, and the dangered in any period of our liistory. Setting aside, manufactures and commerce of the Soutnem States, therefore, all mere questions of party polity, and en- as well as of the Northern, Middle and Eastern StatesThemer) themselves would be vanquished In part by the very means with which they overthrew Southern in-— which had never before been en- Hoa a Constitutionuponchangede•vor^K, above all, to set aside this question, —all these elements tended to make airhlch ^mvolved the safety of the Union itself, prosperoushappy Union, tmder our glorious Constitution.hte. would crave their attention to-night to wtiat plause.] And so it would, under a proper sense thatsentimenthealthygrowth.Is,glossy'he had to say in behalf of that Union of good men whieh was desigaed to labor for the benefit of theapplica.—•aUtnaiBiof, until its efforts were to be crowned theUBtiy by ofthe South—a saidWe have a among us now that need the restraints of lawaeonservettre majority tn belialf of thecry jorityofthepeople—tnsiftingthat theeigh^milUoospopulationcago Conventionhigh—[ASvenLvBicat] Boyal Party. are now mi theirCoMmufion. CLond la In fh- vplause.] speaking«OT of this great issae, he shotild neoessarlly have to;4sal with the ftte of ms section of thecountrytheir own and the land would be desolated as a wise and beneficent for thecountry, pro- stroyed. He presented the Issne. He asked the dti- "Vlded that the party which represented the spirit sens ofofand es-pur- Prince and himself a couple of those magnificent Trapani ;•f Merihem aggression should succeed. He New-Torfc—an tategral porUaa of the 18,OW,0M who had been held up >n temnm byhands, by Ublishfogpolicygovamment will devolve uponhis good tastejudgment by ordering;bark Irvhie, Cook, from Ardraaan Mall.'.ihenlil necessariK' have to deal with her poal- one of their bianartsecuring goodsons, as able to conquer the •ee. He should necessarily have to deal with 8,000,000 of the South. [Laughter.] He asked themsubmit to of her constitutional aay delegationposehira.ktnily ditfotedllan In this .Union past, present, and prosnee- tke irlitleTH aad connections of the South with thisCongresswhich itner of Broadwayof the Union, and with her relations and con- aMttena with as in relation to the common Uiterest ofdestroyed?-[A4TeT1laewcttt.lUverpooLmistake, some men, that in the relations between thedestroyedaMdstitaOt and 8«Dfh, the South liad been regarded as an MpatitM tooth. Far, very far from it. The rcad-As theof theoftop Museum,can be accommodated. Let it be rememberedsehr. Lamartlne, whieh arrived at Boetea thia morning, the 10th, reports that she saw the staaaahlybylB(«raaiowBhista7,and to4he world-which all nations—could permeatedbe raised by white labor. How utterly abstud thething was, and any man would see who ItneWrepresentativesRepublican PartythatTheOUT ownthat had tended to thiBOonffict,allany- thing about the requirements of the system of labor disproved necessary to the cotton crop. TTiey had a tempera-- imrjtmea1I.Th« Sooth asked aotUncfreBGoTemment but sim-could have the whole Bovemment. The Southhappy results already secured, earnestly Family,perform-U, hm, Btrg. S. W. Oct. 1, e A. M., passed the bark WUdflre,'S°" .!*'.5£,m „J ",»"onal "es. [Applause.] ConvinceU^C^BslTtSL^Th'^'"''^ '*°P>'^ without the Union and"• -^"^ "" Southernhave one enlightened king as a million of ignorant devUs for rulers. The South, then, must rely on the Constitution,—the laws given by WAsmiiaios and the-iS?f^^S^'^K''l', "«'" ^purpose of mere recreation as to avoid the rigors of the Southernclimate. In July, August and even theMarketsFareica Farta. [Fsa APaiOA.]more SoV^"^ SSdvJ^r^e^iT.' V:^ ";'^Thereheld aing, yesterday afternoon, at their Rooms, for the pur-Oswxeo, Oct. 10—« P. M. Wednesday,Wuiat market opened-2f^'ci?iu^'itrer''irpV^aW-rS^^^^^^and abide."said, BydiS' ; 37th, Teuton, from Uverpool ton, from do.; lath,%.Washing-.magnificent devoUon to patrioticS^"Ihe Chair, and a large number of themembers on the.«it leaning on any.meat of .superior rights, she had maSiScontribute to the wealth of theDestroy it,Jrst acTof aggreiion ;Iey"of tiic' South) were freeexperience,tional protection. It had the majority with itand we ex- bino What is it f and to witness the4*ship Elisa, ef New-T«rk.pleilKiteetianAomwrong.Thatsheclaimed—thatihe renheit. Nowdesira- But ble b<,.C8U8e it wUl give peace and prosperity to themosthare—andsitewooldhaveit [LoadShe must and she would hare a recognized eqtulltyIn this else she aewed Union,onlyE.i^eUty to the u£ion and the Con"^ta aU times, as site did now, and as she hid >„i ?' moisture wasIt turn and . were men who knew their rights, and knowingat sales of 14,800,levied for thecorresponding to his outlay. He preferred tiic prac- Barleythe past;and it was a part of her glory todis- black man, exposed to those d:»n- S^fs. to h:ir.i labor—even sometimes to unnr.'e-iarily '''^Jr. from the selfisimess of hard forandcurlupagainstthefootthatpressedisdown,almost the practicallythewhich he had made forbushelsCanadiauonprivateterm.'. OtherGrainsr,-'.'^ ri ;irv fta>» without or, from within. i.'^ppUiuse.j The Sou-J 'ceeklomanetoitselfreparaiion. They,'.hank "lightswhen assailed, whether theastiuli -wereea.:e.ar'.l the yetFeeiobts-Flour,40c.; Wheat, quiet. Casal 1!^.;.to all Ike attacks that had been made upcr her tosjjatainedonlyadefensiveposition,andhedetiBd '^1t1i \Lmasters,'^ i"^M'i"i'n"nsgee'di lto alul men, oaned w^oouulidu ccica^s-ou-'2^5^,i5'0l0lfZb*u"s.h!.' 1,300 bush. Peas. CanalandSvordflshatEong Koag..*rrJ»«dy>WB Sosten-DnbTin, at Cronstsdt, ,his lot to occupy a place In the public councils I that measure was first proposed. On three dif- It times was the measure proposed, and on three;and the second,wiiei-'-.ertimes, as IpersoEaliv know, was tiiis com- dfntti e. opposed by «ur Seutnem men. {A gentlc-Jipt..'''^','.hey were protected froti tiiesui>pre-singjiiMntsXI'J-The firs; (jue.->tionaac a at poiiii.-ai i^pei-uiation—Morning','£u«Who QC^npIeoa prominent position at the re-te],,p,..rutM re. rh.;y iliJnot '.I.,, „, ,.„,„ .,„j-j, ,,—.,-Integrityleys, and all over the North, above the line of Tennes-sures a safe and^leedycure.by Telegraph.done, though he was " ""^"^ "« "«land sections, which of l-othand theand could the Northapplause.]bumlMg sun—no white man had ever done It.bence strg.,ITM*'^^ ""^ overseerswhohadSeptember,fathers of thewere the laws of the land new.was in the soul of every true man loyalty to tke fuu-Arrived from New-Tlcrk-imh, N. Carwea, stBer-pr^;ri5,°°"^ subserviei.T ackrruw?.H^and all the you must woula letand with the piedprominentpresentof ship-owners, Mr. Ldtosay8,500 bushels 6,000 bushels do., atdefer"generatedGodsame, improvementsIvi.o^'anC: imlcpendCDt )into the worm thai if it was trod on. it siiould,^n,arked that the laws of England and America were •LalettTifi <2u«eiit(aieit.1 -li'T?tneu- mere but u)atVew-york,„,„ v,,...^er defamers to p«^nt one act in the whole of iie- aluly kji<<''ep a rinjj^ie-r out longer than he longer oughtMl!f,_notto lett-i Ifglslative history, that she had passed, that >", w.ih all ii|,,s„ disadvantages, the nhg^roes haddo lo woulri ha.e others do to tb""!.tieeArr»«<I><miCinrlfsfon-C.-.ti3n-iis,would afford the slightest evidence of a tin- " a: much ,,i,^','l '"'^.s.iiigotLers asHe had l>eentions, and heit a! 'Jus time. The fir't was, vviieiiier he would Mr. l.i.NDsAi c'onsiiier the election of Liscols su^eien; duo** h>rtoMi«.—The from Contest,HongKona for .".^ancy to disunion, or of a di-sregard for the oliitloonnaryv W\V ;.r ti „c„a_n Constitution. [Applause.] It was quite coinmoi;to »ay, In this section of the country, that t.'ie SouthRyenot. The law was at a Fi.oiiR steady and in ,Tood demand. Wheat firm Ciscoikad insisted upon the Missouri Compromiiie. It liadthought passenger shipspa"se-d providedand in R'KhI demand at *I 04sales 30,000 bushels No. 2 Chl- 12,000 bushels No. 1;and proceeded for Hong Kon;r.Morcing Light, "Hi.^vf''DPg 5?»iai, Hampton^j Korer, and~time when;therriselves stoter end of the hall made some demou'Jtraiiun.? of io their piaitiaiions ^l''*' ol'liged to, in attel.d-li^'weremetbycriesof"Pi;;luinout."\AlMnpio*aliWhich " cliniaie that th..- nr^-awt'M were into but another beton-insti) liewhl!.:,i,:o.jldno.siar.'.ye. l.. avir'.tlieverythini;heiespokenof—'.he paid Court, shipi;•** Lethim almMi," said the speaker, I want him to was put in fro^n.\p-.^.^ai.n, the colLor .-rop cata<iropheto thepTiva:o businesi^, and iioinsahan- to al!.ATS t?i!;rr.jaJ*i<Vftear some traUis." [Applause.] At three different Hmes Ur. YAaoar continued, and up until 1S41, -Aas tfea Beat Cemnronstse proiwscd by the South, and op-; Frond of the Northam proviso.!Ilo-*pr'l 10. or from thehis allegiance showing owniKiniiig idsConstitution byHad the law of appli-'d to such a Flour EnglandM-tropoliunl).i.-g:iins thisweek.^Bonnets,Mttd by Nortfiem men«on. that was thought to Be > Convention of aou-JiernHe advised bringing the matter before Congress.whotieven iiieni, then Ihe South threw themselves back iifoit die piinc.ipitr of Ihe ConstUutlon, wii.ch male Ikiui f'luuj 111 iiie 'reTr.|(>jje«,TIN AN1> SHFBT-IHON WOKKR1Wccmposedhappened SoEth, tioo Oo<i ouo[Laughter.) interruption andTen're irapatlenl., V, .If.hiTn oiitt'] iens wneld be if laws were passed for the tolots, 8t6«c. formixed West.'rn, to .-irrivc. Baxl:! rnwo «dand they opposed it on then.none72,000 bushels Com.ALBAtrr, Wednesday, Oct 10—6at I.uD&n whicli but finding iliat it would be rejected by the people,wand roaiismen, proposed ag^thfa Coihpromise,oftempers. Thi" is notthe time to fii^h*. ni.>w. ror- On the iiuniehment of oflenees committed at sea, at $1 28. Ryi dull, at 75c. Corn In fair demnnd andA NaUonai Convcn-a di-u!- torydi.icussibn was held, the members generally be-P. M. sales 2,000 bbls. Wheat— atrc^.i^^Z.S^,^''^!^^ thetfcVtionai C^neU shsnldbe expected to stand; regular, conlinuo.is, and perfl-tr,,. LoolTa-.Mrininc was a matter to come after the de- i]uer.ion:one of the branches of Jie NaticnaiHad such a rnke m the 1',-^^'Mr. I,mD»*T believed that ihc interests of both na- supplyit wa.i the time lo vote. [.*not:ier 25,000d (Jttnandcd an eiviJ•he eomlt.u'.enre.ic'y,tut rcBleiieil,taict SJiC-'t)acquiesced.thus,Schr. Celeella, Cole, Portland 2 ds.Schr. Somerset, Steriine, Baltimore, with coaLmakefederacy, Pennsylvania,to be partlcbiated In by a ma- of dollars—their incalculable worth wlien consideringdogs.is to fill the of the United SUtes,the social of the bearingsquestion—ahouid be de-means, discharged.tin own by them, and they would take the power into tial chair, the responsibility inauguratingdustrial and social, relation of the South [Applause.] But it was said this industrial interest was not to be that cotton tliat wasgress,; thiqso greatly valuable—which was aUke important to us!ture In Alabama from 110 to 130degrees Fah-make no on the North becauseowners of the slavescountry, and hope to theEDWIN D. MORG.AN, Chairman. velous, while in Coughs. Colds, Asthma and Bron' Kliza—bark, of Yarmouth, N. 8., bound E., SspLfcnecessaryton crop, and this lieat and moisture;'nciolc ol the North thus in the majority to curb4,200 bush. KyeEivortt—lMi bbls. Flour; 67,700 biish. Wheat; Madras; Cossack, at Bong Kong; Inea., at Barrek"i.i.cotmtry.of a mem-Schr. Van Name. Providenoe 2 de. Charger,ranginghite man could stand Iai»r under thataggression had the votes. Thewhich isoftheslavescharge went out with[Applause.)ITir Chamber of Commercemeet-23d. Adjuster, at Helvoetumbrellas over their heads, or sought the shade of aFloub: New Rom.friendly tree.daioentalnow was the protection oi the South, and to p^.se of conferring with Mr. Lispsay, M. P., principal- steady,;sales in theOrUant—Utb, Cottoa Tliatsi.ilYet all the time the slaves were work-in-stitutions of ids That loyalty country.unchanged.and closed about 2c. higherXewl«h, Fanny Gales, at GIbrttarIt. [Applause.]sUppingwould be gone, her mercantilo palaces would bo as the opponents of the Republican Party are con-Stevens, West, Albany, with lumber tor.protection. [Anplause.] Tillsfollow. Itwastheterribleconflictbetween4,000,000we are citizens of one common country. Yet, fromMaine to Oregon tlie was raised the assailants cry bywhose passions tlicy had roused, let tjierawith unmixedpleasure.Northerners') shield.the South had but 120 votes to 103, and the ConsUiu- would take It out of it. [Re- They were found in our watering places, the hotels of tlon protected the minority. But had the South noThe sought a more genial clime.held as their upIn Rlieumatism, and NeuralgiaGlandularapplause.) The South dedred the preserva- this vast metropolis, on our rivers and lakes and Then this was a despotism and he'd as Uelchitis, the unitedaoUon of the Pills andCKntmentin-IatM«,lon.J81S.of the val- rights'^"= Union and the'ii?""S'*'°^ •» ^^J were. The South knew see and Alabama—not so much for theill thealmost like the eagle, to look the sun in the[Laughter.] These glorious sons of toll were satisfied 'South was no suppliant. " She stoodat $1 lOXBarcelona Green, at Genoa.IM, 6.;suij without hats, and seenu'd eye.bushels No. 2 that loyalty he appealed. lAppiause.l But the ly on the subjects embraced in his recent address at 11,000 bushels do., attl U;broilingwith their condition, and lyved their masters, and to equal platformChicago Spring,ing^;4.0(XI bushels No.900 bushels very choice white Canada, at $1 36, afioat,South asked was that thesethem alone. [Applause.] A great deal of heat aidMUwaukee Club, at $1 16world, philosophersofChamber were;SaiUdfor Bs/haiore-nth,AaaapolIs.fromLlTerpoclto the cultivation of the cn-frunJvew-Tenlr-NusMnre, Aratro,at BoT-be— a.s the whites sinIcCeO iL,li^. Kt V-of theEnglish siiipping merchants, and place thei iliive and,. i:„n .*.h..- r'' workf> luiswer he mi.?htput back, Aug. 3, leaky, Arr. at Honolulu. Auj. 16,tile secession of tne SouthiwtlivliiE; itie stn.^le head of a familv. A: had temp'.e<.l to s..'cede. would s-;pport tl-i'wasfaiieii %i.-1:1,1- wonien Mvp.*. extremeas the proprieior-Govomment the attempt, .-in-l aid to n;.ain'.ainSpring at $1 09;Boads. with 1.922 guano.weel; in March to i;.eoilision. that case, the,43.(>6o bushels Cora15,000 bushels Barley. Can.-,: Kx- niirMei'-i'4:, ^ni'r.,e'"". iJonraing Bonnets, Children'stime that the cotton gathered, tht?Te waof the American .'hip-owner 8,000 bushels Oatsandifotherswould asfaithfullya-s wouldh;i\ebeenlimited,andtheeasesettledatfirst. P«r(»—2,000bbls.Flour;151,000bufhelsWheat; .It.udi-Jmiii the was abetter to have the laws of txith countries assimilate.In the cas<.' of tile coiiisioii betw-een the American 1042,000 bushels No. 1 Milwaukee Club, at 7,000 bushels ordinary White Canada at »l 22M ;At Baker-! l-lnnri. Au*r.' aano.ex iieea;$1 •'^""fj''«,to endeavor to;responsibility *M^kesi look at the strike ol the =hoem^ke?. ofyour tain.SMHiii-U.tih-av. and 27th-st. fStudley'a Express.been lost to ihc wor.d—would have been a remI":ion in Ergl.-ind. or r\.~iiwould bartie civjUzcd wcrUI, r.''r]-l.Ti»e.l He tci;€.^,Icries mv"Put -a,.!promoted,Y'S purrose of bringinR tho»c who had ccmrnitted them -Moderate bu'lne^K; priTf sr.mpif.s n demand;Tinted at M C. HtU.L'8 Furnace, BMge-3pc«sibiy 'lere i"of frier.d^-,M. C. HUL^liT,atic terrible climate. The_^1J5.'""'"' I.i;.-Lt, for namp.oiexposen/Acnif^^a^ in enJeavonnj?"'',?*' :'•,>°^^"^y•50'i"» 43.U0", bushels at^as34c._ Baxliy fir^m^'too'LATBFOEOJt^inCAnOT^igentleuien,Ia ha.f mllliuns. fire lEl' liens ofWas the civilized wo(!!&; new, lOc.I-Vpplv.,--^ insUiution was necessary to the clvllliati»jp»tf—_ well as to the prosperity of the Unite.!In opposition to the doctrUie LniPiAT.worlclitwas to necessaryourpnto the of the secedingpled generallyadvanct^lp"Mp- lBeiisiry,&muuiiting to $lS,i Oti,(KiU more because theremained'k^ remain in. ["Good."] it was a grave IlinsgD law;"irreprcssioleeMip; tUnfB. She could be moreaadhopedop-f.tppiauseor who met in the slave-labor in a region to which nature has fitted it, any the less his property ? Just so when his lugger ran And suppose the U. S. Army and Nav—yIkm of Amcric&nInt eenvention which adopted the Constitution of had put in the Constitution a provision by which all away. [Applause.] Now, this Institution of Slavery against her andIndependence,she werewhat thenT»«B the capacity 1 possess to insure our principles and arfiued that, from the nature of the climate, the soil the trade between the States. lot-box. Now, it was for them to decide laspectloaSixty-aiath Regiment.II was a lawyer's Itand and he was excusable for that the tobaceo, the cotton and the rice the value of a house, to restrict the right of selling it"iernersSlavery,andtheywouldthe such an and after the thegive occasion, Inspection Regi-Steamer Albatross, Jones, ProTidenoe, with base Odell.being unable to read it, amid loud laughter, gave It which were produced at and exported from the South, Such an injury to property would be an Injury to the North all her rights. Hands off! Let them ment was exercihito the hands of Capt. Smith, who finished its pe- exceeded more than all the exports of the North, in- cludingevenLerCaliforniagold. Oureconomy,our fI;cenaenrsaisaidthatthe!••{:" •return. Field,3and NoMommissioned Staff, 8. Company A, total. In-*The honorable gentleman said TxLiow Cinss!V9 OF Nsw-YoBX:made money ty labor;and the was carried out moneyso— arc the same as the Aboli-Republicans say tliey In her hands was the decision of the tionists. Both had assailed slave property. He knew [Applause.]and 34 to Bowlaad A masengers.cultivationofthegreat staplesexporta- —the destructionof the arch of the Union was trembling;;MB. TAKCET'S SPEECn.Pope.:Prothlngham.Shin Torktown. (packet,) Meyer, London sod Perla- mouth, Sept. 6, Tith mdse. and passengers to firinaciVofSoutherntion. The mechanic, the agriculturist, the laborer ailofthe Thegeneral prosperity. keystonealreadYj—[hereI trust, feilow-citlzens, contin- whole United States. The great commercial interestof this coimtry depended upon this City and on its commerce with the South.Company B 21, and 18 absent.12 absent. Company D 28, and 11 absent.C 20, and CompanyI trusthim out were again heard, and hissesof the South the North, because Commerce, great- lyCompanyfte calls ofwere heard inaed Mr. Yascst, that an Alabandan may yet speakNew-Yorkand W2 s thence distributedthat Mr. SiwAss had said so, and ABBAHAif Li.icoi.n saidso. Mr.SswAaosaidtherewasanin-epresslble conflict between the labor of the North and the labor of the South. SxwAan had said that the time mustE and 8Fabsent. Company 19, and 25 absent. Mintnrn A Co.'26, and 9 absent. H 40, and 37 of the Company Ship Qneen;"handeil, larpe-nearted Commerce came to tliis port ofquestion. A more question was never before weightyofpro-fitably (.ay the North fur what-•>•'TM'"J""Ai Wednesday, Oet laIhoetheageterial Interesuofthemaila. Pacific,T^ ntinhisloyaltytotheConstitution, i*^t^SewulileniJtiriiMtstlrteHTMOBtheaonlejM1toanswerto the questioa1 Ourforefaihersiporled slaves Irom Africa. Virtluia wished to eeui or Sxwabs. [Laughter and aoplause.] roef-,whose eloquence has we»hlm a r^>a«atlon as e:si«e as oar tenitory, end Whose views on the imjiM^ taatquesttonvBowagitatingourcountrywillbed>.t„hTeeya«arIMS.H—owdhjthatsou,ndwiththemofletatl***ectingonrcUlzensandtheirpropertyathometLelightofrevolution.ThefathershadmadeoursarhERIKTATION0»A8PLESDIDBSKTICKOVaiLYEK.Krered In theettracttre and forcible manner by wM* theeHsta •• to tke ezMence of an =r:r:-.1-II.TM T'wTiM. «.. ~n4ori «>^t in)INEW-YOEK... Mu WEDNESDAY, Oct.OI«ai«d.« dMaae should be made tn this Slave-tradeer ,•abroad. He end not hold property in man as man. fuimof Government depending on the wius of tne auu whenever tne was b,'okeo,Teedneatal ta Cat.Col. Abkam DrEYEi, late Commander of theSandyHook. 4SMARINE E«iTEIXIGENCE.^Us oratory U ^Ustlngulshed. I am sure that our p«» { «51i*»i»»^Jjli?'iHL'^il2r.^i.S State held liim. He was not able to say that the Slates, compactwill tum-eut in great numbers to receive him. someartig Uhe imMO stavee were iaposted into m^belongedtohim. He was obliged to clothe ana wiat io«er was there higher than the States?Seventhof aMkldicrs formerly under bis command. The testimo'm«MMyigwKra<agaHiW wwthrough the 'Soatlan Blare Blatn: conatitntioc aa SURegiment,National was lastGuard, evening{iiie CuusututloB Itself reserved certain rhdits to the ft»tet.aiid the one rl)<fat that rose above auwihaiaWMriiitto IbtamwnttoiikanMnotbe rhany-it ughtaira saythat,in«ommonwithall ofthem,Iam,as1al- legislation. Hethoughttiiatthosewhoweretheown- Mr.Vascxt-ThenIrecoverhimagain,astheCon- whale pieperwtarswas aweptthe .wavs have been, ready to adopt any honorable coarse ers of those slaves should not be robbed of them under stitution says he shall be delivered up. [Prolonged Social System overthrown, peoplewaeoppressionnatfo^ra, or abandoning our State orguization. I those great men, looldng Into the vista of the future, made the poor slave think he was one of the worst rights, and it would be the duty of the Slate Govern- doubt,testimonial from thewill give him the hearty and enthusiastic welcome wUea & stranger of merit is sure to obtain in the Cityessential (ieature of Southern ptainjli Permitme*as1amthuscalledupon to commuKi* ooLKandSxwabswerethe leadersol the pwrtywiio awhiteman.^New-Yoiriu.punishconsisted 6f a costly service of silver, comprisingeatettMUgh you with the meeting of our friends, to proposed to take them from the South by an infamous A Voici—Suppose that as a man he runs away.epcrgne, soup tureen,d. ''So asnTe-Mr. LisdoLsH defeat in this State, but not on the forms of lew. [Applause.] Not only did our fore- applause.] The negro had legs, and when one of wait till theof art ever ex- Barks Locy EUzabah. Nickels. Oslway, W'alsh. Oar"-coBdltion of surrendering-or-qualifylng any part of our fathers provide for the increase of this propertyandyetLa- theStatewouldhimthesameasifhemaimedaialeight pieces, viz.,;aeitlier desired nor e^iected to be nominated as Gov- with a prescience tliat betrayed the liighest wisdom, used men in the world. Perhaps he stole away, but, ments to interpose for their protecuonthe most beuutifuland when ecuted in this country. It is to be on exhibitionfor jHoTurghhtCohans;._..Ihiryee.Sot. Islaad. C3>|HeD--treat ms slave, and was liable to punlshi^nt abusing him. He could not maim liim, fatrecipientand laughter.] A horse had legs, tooand that State. [Applause.] Suppose Georgialeft' thO'ibaerlcam Union, I would deem the small coliort fugitives who labored In the Southern States ..^liould was assailed, and he wished to show the position the was Georgia? Was she a free and equal State res];>ect to their late Colonel is the result of Wide voluntary:objeeliondOle to the;efTetriots by whom I was thus supported as more be returned to their owners. They made an imper- South occupied as defendants. The Republicans said with a standing army witliin her borders contributions from all the soldiers in the Regiment, mer, Welton. Apalachicttla, ;;nIKlattfceeoasting-trwje of the United StetS^S, BrtashMiddling. Exchange Ji.>^oThe thattheV'evBwill,mightwithdraw.Butthiswasmerespecula^ onwiiichtomemorialixeCongress:WnxATfirm; ;thai, there sacritice ol life, and an exhibition of courage and ne- iBBar. Th( y had to take rare ol iheir ^lave3. The notd a law requiring its Uoverument to consider temationnl Uw to providepenaltiesalikebut rates atunchanged. Corrsc firm, 14i<c,«ISS(c-•dveiitageoublyper Ban, or $40,0(!0,i 00. Yet Mr. Siward sneered «t ttni,and they of New-York had nothing to do with 4. The Committee admit thespei.tof consult with the men in .Ual>ama and act with tions of the laws, and suggest the estatuishment ship-firm; sales dull. Whiskyeountrr. m§i Theyin common with them. For him here propriety of debate as to reciprocity of registrationOeeaaThe mails tor Calltomia and thelast act oftlicfec speculative pmlosophers came down there he 'They would seize the first moment to assert theirCarver *ernor by the Nationel Democracy, but I will cheerful- seemed to think that, under a climate uncon- half-starved and ragged, he would, when brought that was done, if LiKcoLS undertook to coerce a Sov- several days at the store of the manufacturers. The CJ*.J..«tfy«.W,C.haC"soefglll.aljidcthe fortune ^f the canvass, whatever its issue genial and repulsive, slave-labor would natur- back, be glad to go to work again like a good nigger, I'relgn State, he (Mr. Yasoit) flew to the standard of inscription on the cctitre piece is as follewsBrig M. MlUeT,>hlte. ](arseiDe8,Koore fc Heary; 1i»zs, WlUtamBs, Trinidad. B. P. Back fe Co.; H. Tiean^ aamfaer than that of the men who sigiaed the Declara- Ithed; therefore, for the purpose of preserving when his horse ran away could say he was Union. She did not injure the North by doing so. the Seventh Regiment, National Guard, as an evi- (Br„) Murphy. St. John, H. J. A C. A. OeWoW; Ak-lyay be. If our ticket received a vote not greater in ally die out, and in course of time be atwl-:aoakl 50U1 se by mere suggestions of policy. It would number of slaveholders, but should enjoy the addi- size of New-Jersey or south Carolina, and it was a sovereign State Into suboilssion, it inaugurated a from each of the eight Compaaies of|the Regiment, to- Davis, Charleston, Tan Bmat ASlacht:Maria Loalae.ion,of their enemies, their property would be d-iteriorated; Marylind Institntc, in Baltimore.But suppose she did submit, form of the Constitution was enough for her though her fields were barren, her wealth gone, and her condition that of St. Domingo or Jamaica ? The South might be able even to live through all this, but bow w-ould itafiect the North ? The of her employmentThe Conteet far Caasresainen—Aa Appeal to RepaUlcaaa.RirnsuoAH Natioxai. CoaxtTTEX Room, AseoB Hooss, Niw-YOEK, Oct 10, I860. |ether affections of peculiar Importance to the sexes. split foresail.tliinkingVaricocele\icBeersfortheanswer"were and proposed given.]To ports. herEngland, by law, havingeeuntry. They sneered at the merchants of I»ew- maintainlDg the integrity of the Union with his life's porTthaeall over the wworalsd,mandenrtohmatonsehooutlodoytthoe anUontihteerd. In lUp Margant Xtwiu,/rom I<t»4m MIsn naaketb It would give me Ver^ great plea8i.r4* aekOEells and those other States lusi^ieJ that York for holduig meetings to save the Union. His blood. He was laboring now for it. But if It was States csnogngcesdteiohner coasting frade, ijrould, no FrIanks; Ifiss Charlotte Trihs.CmJadNsw-Toas, Tuesday, Oct. f, 18641wished it to be carried on. [Laugnter.] Mae-tte Blave-trade should not be prohibited J»y idea of government was, that it was Its busiuMtto meant to ask whether he would aid In the preservation doubt, hi return rellnquuh her R«gian/diiies, localSua SdallcBd the meeting of the Brcckigridge and Lane:trig WinJ.ohWniUton-JivJ.m FreichsitB.fUcar—Utmin. H.t tiie Cooper Institute to-morrow nlj -liatl e«nDot<ioao,>Blara to speak at West Tro;Ma, for afanAdaiteMithUalaBlhttwaathiaatmhpeU-tiwcaohMthteU.ricbts charges, passing tolls, and compulsolrigyhtpOotage—andStnckman,Arrows,ty, to be heM^•ecrealng.in sopport of our principles and theUact ol Congte>s, and resisted all »*- jrotect Wc material Interests of the country._ to prohibit it, until the act of (Congress of » consider etldcal theories. His idea was that we Wfie <tf the Soath, replied aay igltt open her•nyZow 8taw». I rmet that I (Smnot hear Mr. Yucwk. »tS. wfhhithwas beyonl the reach of Coagreessi^jjelcolonial trade on the lake:^, meeting then adjourned.«vas passed l for by an article of the Coj.^Jf^^.*!¥84lJ*I*j Ac The . tppreiised natlunillllee Poor Italy was iiow trying mma^ernmenthadtodowiththeinterestsofllbeity,> toraiseupherpoorbraisedbodyandstrugglingforroasting^me_a—t,_i.tk.w_.a.1s^ kp«rovvniaid^eAdinbytholucr.Qlfaorcieif.attrahielrsttmHhlU (O^»^i^,l boItQi, worship God as we pleased, and determine B*^^ »Ma.J^, .JDjitttel.Uiijis for ourselves—always restrained by law tpifcto 7 tlou was justuaole befcre the fan expiring tlirtws ofBAT.2» asa,unandi- a^Tpp»lfacsjs^M—Jd.s..of>-_d.em.cenc>y'. ••[>La.u<gVhtanybody were sentdence of their appreciation of his distinguished ser- pine, Klllsias, Bhivana, TrngUlo fc RoskII. Schooners J. H. Bennett,it is a most tional representation of votes to the amount of three claimed that the South should have no more part In military govenmicnt, with a standing army, gether with a few Invited guests, alone being present.•h»5ous certainty that Mr. DoooiiS and his incoher- to every five slaves owned by them, who were taxed settling this Territory, and an attempt was made to and the taxes for its support and the evils A brief speech from Capt. BxnsxL, of Company A, ac- Kingston, De CordovaMoAtt CAo.: Helene. Darirtaen.notdifferfromwhatit nowis,fortomei^HX.eirport,;(MOas,dcKtrlnes'promulgated In our platform.To tlie gallaoit men of our noble State who adhereSlavery,show that the natural increase of slaves in the South-to theirnumbers, in the propor-prevent the spread of that institution, which he saidattendant. But this was the time, this New- Wilmington, McCready, Co.; Pymeath Bosk, companied the gift, which was appropriately, and Morris, Bosten, Dayton A Oo.ent Botlons almut Slavery in the Territories will, at accordingIke eloee of tliie csnvass, be ot>solele,|and that there tion of three-fifths of their population. Here, then, was was as much for the benefit of the North as of the York the place, and this almost the hour to de- with much feeling, responded to by Col. Dnayxx. Propeller. Jersey Bine. Chadsey, Bristol, master.respectivea constitutional enactment for the encouragement ofcan be no National Democratic Party m this cotmtryhereafter,which does not approve and advocate the-and Its productions, Negro labor vtas essential not right ito regulate eaodidatesanardentandeffectivesnpport.^ Such an interruption of the natural course ofYours, very truly, JAS. T. BRADY. only to the full development of So'itiem agricultural trade would be destructive of the rights of South should march side by side, and that the sword ment was inspected, according to general orders, by Steamer Anthracite, Jones, PhiladdnUa, with' A to read the [letter, bilit hesi- rCEOurces, but. as he demonstrated from figures, to slaveholders, because any restriction of the right of should not be thrown Into the scale of the North, as RoBiBT Tayios, of the Fourth Brigade. to J. A N. Briggs.gentleman attempted the commerciU prosperity and social comfort of the sale of any article of merchandise destroyed its value the sword of lUreimus was thrown in when the fate of Haj. Inspector Steamer AUda, Robinson, Philadelphia, withtated much, was much laughed at, and finally saying Northern Slates and of England, He showed In a great measure. What would be the effect upon Rome trembled in the balance. Give the South- A dress parade and review took place, as Is usual on Loser A Klrkpatrick.The -honorable gentleman to proceedcxlSoyth,-ern States had increased ten-fold in proportion to theeourageously to our cause, I proitilse the exertion of increase of the white population at the South, and and It was proposed to efiiact this under the bayonet, but that they would support it by the bal-Now, if there was to be no more Slave States, the prosperity of the country was curbed in precisely that proportion. [Applause.] Again, it was claimed that tt^ slave-trade between the States should cease,cide, that a sovereign State shoiUd not be put to such straits. Now, as wise men, they should decide that they would not place themselves in opposition where they would have to support the Government by theThe Company then partook of a liberal collation, and sentiments were exchanged and speeches made by Col. LxrriETS, Lieut.-CoI. Cbawfoeb, and others.Sloop J. Cottrell, Tattle, Bridgeport, master.Arrired.'mdSstee.aamnsdhip George's tCorHe.ekB,. WiUets, Charles(aa,«ith passengers Cromwell A Co.tothecitiiensofNew-YorkInthelanguageoffcl-iowship. He trusted Uiat the hour had not yet ar- dwelt ai some length on its Importance. The South, on the American continent. The District of Columbia When Mr. Yahcit concluded, three cheers werelived in which an Alabamlan, speaking to his brcth- he said, only asked of this Government not to steal was a small mite of the continent and would no doubt given for him, and the following resolutions w-ere plimented the Band, and said that he thought it had Grand Turk, T. I., 14 ds.. with salt lo B. W. Traadj. Ha*Thespeakerthenreferredtothecoastingtradeand comewhentherewouldnotbeafootoislaveterritory||i(!|!which impelled them to such action, aud wc avail our-selves of this early opportunity u. express to the Na- tion, nominating,forNew-YoriLenlarge our roHceforce, and keep this irrepressible conflict from stPRling Imprisoned merelydiscoursed appropriatemore eloquent music airs."enlarge our jails•oliiected to jeering and hissing. Wc ought to be her negroes. [Applause.) Now was there anything being loyal to our common Constitution. [Applause.] City hereby extend to the Breckinridge electors of thethan any otherlea <rf tie City and State of New-York, would be her negroespresentedRftolled. That the National Hemocracy of New-York;;the States citizens had beenforthere ought to be, at leaat, unreasonable In that demand ? It was the voice of When all the offices of the Government were in the State, who- have so magnanimously tendered to their hands of men sympailiizing with the principles of Liit- State Committee their resigDation—thus producing bat m brotherhood of citizenship throughout this noble common reason, the voice of common-sense, coLn and SswAan, the emissaries of the At)oiitionists one electoral ticket, in to Lincoln—theirTaBpaprsknA SCarbuck.Onkel. (Brem.,) Schalto',becoveredwiththefirstbreath. Alreadyinsomeof"band In the Brigade, and also had played especiallybeen 7 ds. north of Hatteras with heavy Left no Am. vessels.Bradbary.northertr (ales.we were not;that would unite together Us business and itssocial relations in bandages so strong that.the fanaticsmC the whole world could not burst them. [Cries of her t>roductior s. Even and witJi aii in Texas. [Laugliter and his.ses, and applause long" " He was not aware of the dell Good andcheers.]selves Reverend had been arrested with strychnia Eleuloral ticket, we recoKnize that it has seen done with- Saw witliout sacrifice of npon the table, and the balloting for candidates pro- Honghton.teethren if•ountry,Conven- candidates for Sheriff and Cor-cate position In which a speaker from the far Sou'Jiconvention wasCxANX, Chairman,K. Sec-M*r27ds.,withlogwood. sugar, Achew. LeftnoAm.vesselsInto A Simpson May-which those wild speculative theorists who led opposiotfionsectional sentiment at the North, did not un- would be found everywhere through the South with th.inks and hi|;h appreciation the patriotic motivesCor>TY CONVKSTION.— ^Aderstpjid. The South defied the world to rival her in strychniato put in their wells as they were now foundforoners of HudsonEngland Franco,"various modes of expressing ideas, Mr. YasceT saidtional Ifcniocratic Mtatc Committee, of which Mr. (;kcex isChairman,theacknowledRmentsoftheeacritiecth.;y have thus made for the benefit of tie country, in consoli-Coimty, New-Jersey,Portland.Bri7 Mary Lowell, (of Machias.)theirconcentratedandintelligentpower,andwiththecontinued, with cries ofPut him out I"] There were ;Ncwkirk's Hud.son Hotel,last The evening.world, as he night say. on which to outstrip her in.;{City, organizedbyappointingMoaazsPateraon,Sayaaaa latheproductionofcotton,hadbeenunabletobi-itginto menofreasonhadtheirway,adde.-stheir.s.andgccse datingth?nationalmassecofoarHtatebytheadoption stood. He imdertook here to utter the words of market for less than 16 cents a potmd an article iti- theirs. [Laughter, hisses and applause.] In Texas, of the electoral ticket headed by Hkhan J. Kkpfield.and Benjawh F.portWelch, Jr.,hvth and justice for his section, but he assured his ferior to that which the South could furnish .it 8. it was proven beyond all doubt, men calling them- Rrgoirf.d. That in the withdrawal of the Breckinridge retary. A motion to adjourn for two weeks was laid P. R., Sept. 2S, with ngar and molasses t« Mlllsr Asaontrymen that truth and frankness would not at all The peculiar profits of Southern competition defiedgoingIntoItaaes win their way by hearts Influenced by manhood the whole civilized globe. [Applause.] He under- upon their persons, and arms had i)eenwefrouentdhesrteorfeodr otiuotn,saacnridfiwcce osfenpdrinciple, to the National organizao-f ceeded with, resulting in the nomination of Hinby H. from NeAuwr-aLtoen.don. Left no Am. vessels.He would not disguise from them the fact that he spoke to them otherwise than asofCity, and Sakuxl R. Foxihas, of Hohokus, and Dr.Ac sails, Ac.and by a sense of right.of carrying on the "irrepressible con-tomaster. Hasexperieocedheavy ^\took to trace the history of legislatioii as it aiiected away. How came they there ? Theygreeting to andDemocracy^ the btate, onr Arm Intention protect uphold with all the zeal and energy within our p}wer the excellentNxwKisK for and WnxiAVSheriff, HusBsa, Jersey-Brigwith cotton,(of Providence,) Titus, Galvestae 3i ds.,.Northern labor.,purposeBoston anda Southern man. He spoke to them to-night for the protection to their shipping interests. Nobody could crawled about at midnight with their incendiary T. Brady fsr Governorand headedand that we will show to theE. W. Buck, of Hudson City, for Coroners. —splitNew-York,PhiladelphiaState ticket nominatedat :Syracuse,by|JA8.tlieaP aoriianded flict." The emissaries of the -Abolitionists there20, with bides, Ac, to Harbeck A Co. safety of that home that he loved better tlian any compete with them In the carrying trade. Let an torchesw,eproeison andainndcitemewntesrteo itnrsaucrerdectoiotnh.e TAbholsie- people of our State on the goingtdhoatwntohfe the* sun on thoef zenGsebofhan Bxpubliesim Clcb. The German citi- sels. V;C0I.N and Haxuk, met at Henkel's Hall last evening, Ac.,he spoke to English, French and Yankee vessel tie lyhinsghusinderbeyd tihoinnlsgtsfi. Nothwe,re,If thethBeylack Republi<-anfi were In Nbtehw-dYaoyrkofCitNyovheamvebenrot nfeaxlt,ered in their Daetmtoachrmaecnyt to side in Mobile harbor, and let him takeether, because it was a Southern hometliem in behalf of that State that he loved better than and fifty bales of cotton, and say to them, " What power, would not the Institution be In danger of be- Democratic men and Democratic principles.any other State, liocause it was his own, and for a will you take these (6 New-York for ?" If the French- ing blown up at any time by some insignificant being, Rj sulrrd. Ththaet we, the NationalofDeImjoebccrkaicnyeiodfokNeawn-dsection that he loved better tiian any other section, man would take them for $1 50 a bale, and the Yankee —capablebut able to do a deal of York City, representativesgreat I. .\!*E. hereby pledge ourselves to stand by and protectClub,grand ma.ss meeting;CA4T«rtljua«Bt.]Dr. C. D. Hauuond, Author of Tkewith coWalodtaoorD,. perienced heavy westerly weather.Schr. Celerity, fBr.,orLoBberg, N. S.,) Ciaaar,BaU- fkx, N. S.,lld8., withfishtoWoodraffARoMasea. Baa had heavy weather. The new ship W. B. Oiaee, Captheeause it was that to which his own State be-demanded $2, our laws would compel nim to employ the Yankee. Such were the coasting laws for the protection of the Yankee skipper, and thus the French,thorizing Fartyofthe at an early day.pool, Aug. 22,ol littlemischief? With the eml-^ arics of the North among of the Na'ional Democraticgoodthe President to call aR. De WolS. Bas <x-of the Government in the hands the principlesthem, with the offices T'l as laid down in the platform adopted at thethis occasion was thedressed them, and bade them an affectionate farewell.Troop 6,29, and 12 absent. Engineer Ion. 66 37, saw a ship ahowiog 3d dlstg. pendaat and:prayerfine body of lancers—Corps,1 Sergeantand8privates. Band Dodworth's E.847,conqueredvices and eminent military ability." Tms tribute of RnnyanCora. KeUy, worth, JaBcakkaemriiklle.[AareTtiMiiMBt.Jfeel it if all the wealth that grew out of cotton first to its of the action of the Chica- —The fallacy of the one and the truth of the other kcepsie.Soutii afford lo mightbe robbedBut it was not thego Convention, bybut let them get the icea that their own will was the law, and tlut the institutions of the could be over-CoMiNO.The and it isa volcano. But Ihe South would not, and ought not to:equality In the Govemioent or to any denial of her rights. Under the forms of the law, the might exertand Kaox Is famous Fnlton-street.Martins.OffBtghlandLteht-Bm'kC. B. Bamiltoa. Jehwean,iroBi Havasa for Portlaad.NEW-ORLEAVS, Oet M-Arr. ships James W—althmajority It was formed that the weak miiht be protected, uid that the power of the ma- might be clrcvunscrlbed by the written and notprocession to-day(theworld.By order of the National Executive Committee,Swell- ings the effect of Holloway's Ointment is truly mar-brute lorce guide ihem, feel in this matter as good men, who would;18,M0 b-jsh. lorn;34.200 bush. Barley:they3,600 busij. Peas. Shippeda-^ked 'ihoMdh;scvera? ques- ias well •oMr. PiKiT Inquired if he (Mr. Lindsai) did not tlilnk that rate too higii.:on an the Constitution:after the of the steamer's news receipt;1 24. COSH Bablxy duU quiet.SailedfarjVew-OrJeons— Car- 2Slh, Harrlsbnrah,fromthe election tober of that body—an able and galtant representativeStates of Vermont and Maine, with cliaracteristic pa-andthe amouitt of the whole land in the^ blood ot the unfortunate black now those great and powerful members o'f the Con- IIK 4: WELLS', No. 308 Broadway.county; tliebeuid—stitutions the men whose votes enabled them to dofor and[Ap-A singlefeushe partisan spirit, it. If they turned loose the poorer classes, tions of a wholesomepointing salutary publicand vigorousat the same time,Schr. B. F. Woolaey. Soper, Virginia, with wo«d.Schr. Mary E. Town, Lsthrop, Yirglnla, with weed.BELOW—1 brig.SAILED—Steamship Persia, (Br.,) Ibr Uvorysel, fas* ed the Battery at IX P. M.WIND-SuDSet from 8. W.Bt Telecrayh.BOSTON, Oct. 10-Arr. steamer Sooth fsislha. Bax-ofHe can do nothmgat the cor- BoUasd, do.; scbr. Havelock, Perry,HaMeld,frefBtwitiihe. in cive Liscoi.\ was e!e.-,--d, and tiie ^^--iitli -V-' suitable accommodations. He believed it would tie eapo KpraitiSiIs 0«iniegril)"reere ppeeula'-ioii, that. He »a-.ship« ru-.-rirora and Wm. f'luiffr, the ow-ners of thi!former ve-«olw.rc held for *I0.()0«. ts.oo.) responsible1-2.000 busliels do. at $13,300 bushels White Indi-purlscountrypreventNo.581Broadway.Rib-of the Viii-in ?;'d. ot ihe election of Lincoln. He was ihe owners of the Tttscarora was afterwajd'* held forTO LKT THISi I.-: :.',« iimn 111. ,;,„p ;ha. it \f.126,000 tiushels ^Vheat ;U'^iwe. k i,-,put IP, \pril. Fr>y.,i;of thewe.'k that couid oe eledhl»oi!n, for this eno, LiseoLslabowrould never b»! h.Prfsioen!. [Applause.) What was prjpounoedfiie ^lop.'' it vvasllaiwir to produce a resalt. N.,w,-„hiie l^-oiwa- not cision of the ballot-box. (Cries of 'Quetion fl ing in fa.or of the .iniform i-ysieaiUna': be impalient, gentlemen, and above all Kern for bolh ti.ations.andUntitledDoentMcumthe responsibility;jIstdp-owner being<iared maintain." C-Vuplauie.] Tm y merely told the the safety and comfort of his passengers 4n a ratio 700 bush. Wheat; 43,200 bush. Com38th, Arrived'[Loud God lias put applaJsc.]rate of each at £15 ton. ship per;5,000 bush. Montreal, 3,000When hethe Presiden-andly believed that the Duke of Newcastle has shown0»i the siihieet of roads and siLiial lights,Ploub hmi and in gooil deinrindChoice white Michigan, in this.,.vae oo |e insticr vtie'.Nrr tlieir .vcKen shouJci conie into the State I? in <A\-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069rWcfi^i,No,it-iJ-av.iSeiv-y :rk.occupieswinding way,currently reportedgeneral-were notArr. at Baker's Island. Aug. 8,000 bushels No. 1 MilwaukeCehiCclaugbo Honoluln. Sl.i. Atuogr.j M. sl'i.o;'specialdesni.,lmenl from; 24th, at Comberlaad,withoutDoody,days for New-York.(MerriU A Abbott.Schr. Commander-in-Chief, Martin, AlexandfiaS ds..In ^^s country, whether any plan could:(hemagnificentexperienced ha adopted to prevent the evil of desertloh.Boston.closed.-New.york, Philadelphia and Boston would cerned. A Congressional District in Missouri was the CobpobalPunibhuent and Moral Restraint. Schr. Tillie E., Small, Dighton,with pbsteribrFmgh-Congressdestructionoftheirpropertythatwastobelooked oftheprinciplesoftheRepublicanParty. TheFree cationsmilenableparentstobringuptheirchildren, Schr.Rescne,Bacon,Georgetown.D.C,witheoa|.has devolved, we heartily congratulate you upon the Sea Al- ful Siamese Twins, the great Lion, Aquaria,Cennanght sink athort you torenewed andunceasingefforts until our ance of "Josephand his Brethren." rAif-rtifcfBieBt.]8 11. exchanged signals ^th—a Constitution need not be triumph complete triumphisGu>»f-K G. Fo6«, Secretary.Chanher of ComiDerce. ACONFIKE-VCKWITHMB.UNDSAY.morning 3,000Clinton Hall. PiiitiAH Plan, the President, occu- at $1 19; 1,500 bushels Milwaukee Club, at *l 16.3, Criwif at Sea—Heinous crimes and petty crimes.at 63c. n.„..»antwo' SteamshipUonntTeraM,LayAeld,'PortlaaB.B.T. HoOo^b. Ben- that the to keep her, a conquered province. In the Union? and is alike creditable to the donors and to the re- nett. 'Savannah. McCready, Molt A Co.; W. '»-'-'|i<-wertty my admiration than the most powerful host ative provision for the reclamation of slaves who there should tie no more Slave Statesever assembled to advocate mere expediency, or were fugitives from the Southern States. This pro- Territories, which belonged to Alabama as well as to What, in that case, was the Union ? A military des- cipient. PhllUps, Charleston,Kthrr up the spoils of a victory sought only for its vision was given to the slaveholdlng States by pro- New-York, should be closed to slaves and Slavery. potism. The moment tlMit Congress passed a law The presentation was made at the residence of Col. I). B. De WoIlT; J. Sailth, I>ajt<m,Wilmlngtao, J. Smith•wa sake. But even if I were influenced in my per- viding that tit y should vote not only by the absolute There was terrirory enough to make twenty States the ihat provided for the marching of an army to coerce DuETEX, in East ThlHy-eighth-street, three officers ft Co.; loo, Emerson, Philadeljihla. masteraf thethat the civilization and industry of the North and Yesterday, between 11 and 12 o'clock, this Regi-Steamer Pelican, B«fcer, PrevSdeaee, with of the Again, the Repub- proceed with a fair and' generous rivalry scribed law. At about 2 o'clock. Gen. Jonit Ewxs Isaac Odell.byvaeal. talenttorbusiness,ourhardihood,ourtact—allenti-Hon. Wx. L. YA-toST, of Alabama, was introduced tled us to the most liberal profits we could make from that law. And while those States denounced were superior to the South in these he would cheer- iogthe new chapeau. Maj. R. Tayua wore a very Steamer Josephine, Green, Fhiladelihia, withmd was received with applause and a few cat.calls, the productions of the Southern States. But in the lifying had themrelves, so far,fully bow to them. The events of the day tjefore in plain chasseur cap throughout the whole inspection. Loper A Klrkpatrick-Steamer Dawn, Perry, New-Bedford, with Bantow A Fne.Steamer wunsntta, Arey, New-Bed{brd,wlthadsskiriiich subdded, when some one called out " Put himSouth the climate was difiierent from ours, and a free laborer could not compete with the negro race In theDisunionlsts, they practically dissolved the Union, They proposed to atMlish SlaveryintheDistrictofColumiua.A Voici—Who says so ? Mr.YiSCiT—The.\bolItionistssayso. TheBlackPennsylvania weighed heavily upon him, he would, Wi give tiie following figures, taken from the officialprosperitycountry.Slavtf^lawshouldbea andthentheonethatconqueredwoulddeservetheFugitivenullity. Already had twelve States passed laws nul-meedinindustry,virtueorhonor,—andwhenthey andstaffap];)earodujxinthefieldInfulluniform,wear- SteamerWestchester,Jones,ProvideBoe,with to Issae Odell.Staff 6, and the Engineer absent the great fabric rested for support upon New-sork. clutSng officers and drummers, S2, and 11 ai>sent.York. That be to the they might equalexigenciesCompanyWest, (Br.,of LiverpoeU BaiTT.-,Bead,Tiegaei,Second Band—20mnsicians. In^iector Taylox com'Bark Georce Leslie, (of St. Thomaston.)sed in the regulation manoeuvres pre- '—of him who now ad- absent. Company 1 26. and 22 absent. a Belfaat, 37 ds.. In ballast to master. Oct fit 4*n.NeiT-Jeraey.with coffee to order. Barkcured his late Work onfi to 9 evening. Consultation en Fran^ais.byBroadway, comer Bond-st., first fioor, «p stairs, fi-omcess.(Seeradicallypalnleesprd-Schr. Racer, wood. Peaioe.Tirilnla, withvance, as we earnestly do, any hidulgcnce in .-m of- eases where the hair was coming out in hondfuls, and Schr. J. M. French, Stiles, Virginia, with wood.to these manifesta- has never failed to arrest its decay, and to promote a Sehr. George W. Hoyt Hoyt, Stamford, for Virginia.of the assure its triumph in November.cause, ind thus[AB aiiL]Premature loss of the hair, which is so eoaunmSchr. Ira Bliss. Hcdgaa. virginU, with weed. Schr. Mail, Carson,Tiriginia, with wood.Schr. Mary EUeo, Hickman, Tirginia, with wood.her, and the North would have to share it.Northerners might outvote tiiem (the Southerners)aad accomplish all he had depicted, but they (the for- We shall be pardoned, whUe we disclaim in ad- Burnett's Cocoaine. It has been used in thousands of Schr. Samoset, Soper, Virginia, with wood.tion will render it soft aad beware of the fate of Aetson, who was But while it is certain that the nominee of the Chi- See advertisementfor several ds idsgrs.now--aHlays, mayentirely prevented by the use ofIt unrivaied as adressing for the liair.and fineWinter styles of Hats just issued by Ksoxfor theter, from Charlestonship Selferlao, Peadletaa, fesMwitkimt atoward him. To secure such a Con- for the excellence and faahlon of his Hats.Noby the higher law. The North, so far as Its relations the Union, upon whom the conduct of tiiis campaign one admission entitles the visitor also to the wonder-do so tmightjorityto the South were concerned, needed no Constitu-seen to the liest advantage from the windows, balco-nies and of Bamum's w-here thousandsNo. 1•l 16)4, and 9,700 bushels Winter Red Western,David do.Com, llcelliie. to New-York. La*e ;BtiFPiio, Wedneslay. Oct 10—6 P. M.Mv»2Ut, Hiodostan, do.: 23d, Harriet auJs„.a„l»e,s„ 5000 I6c. on Wheat, isc. of tlie same .m Corn to New-Yvork. Lake /jMortj— bbk.bushelsat67c. CasalFanoBTSseveral thou-iand dollars in cons<qnene.' 2,000DAY, AT NO. 3SXHotel, new whiteJghls.^^ . .*l 60 ; 4,000 bushels fair do., it $1 -!2 :;red S:a:e,sales bu.she:.', .it e7e.'aCKc.: afloat and;Republicanvfair demand salesIdo., ;Westarrive. B&s^ atSesih,clining tendencyc,ent, dlseoont toCnmtnlngmaster; Central America.— No. 40 da. ont from3,000 bushels atand unchangedSan rises.... e MkSaasats.... 61||) ° 4 Biea WATSB—<ais bat..Cromwell* Co. tureens,twovegetabledishes,andtwomeat „ShipsM.Smith,Maine,ClaigoW.Vaitlasd,F^hnkwouldnot gravy—dishes altogether valueo at (5,000. "The service was Co.: a. McGaw, Haniaon, Londcm. Morgan * Vdcyperformed. manufactured by Baix, Blacx & Co., and is, without Robena, Martin, Glasgow, Dnnham h DtanSnT:" Pre- the sented to CoL Aerax Dueyki by his late commiuid,specimene:A. CEo.onFi.s,CDhraisnek,waBtaelrl,. OPloorOnao ^Urania, ShlTStlek, Port;X. PhnadeliAla, DayVm ; World, Bums, Beanlort, J. Smith A Co. iTK. Pal-Steaaiahip Delaware, Cannon, Philadelphia aai Hay,withmdse.andpassengerstoF.Perkias.Bark Ciliien.48Rio Janeire Ang. 13,White.'^es, (ofBoston,)Evans,ClaagswA^»,and Greenock Sept. I, passed Tory Island 3d, wMh mtee.to Dnnhani A Dimon.was held at Bark Fmrna F. Chase, Hall, Rondont, with coaL lorBrig Isadora, (of Providence,),Nantaeket,hoars, la haDait to;KiceMor, Detep, HauSx!to Bantow A ShipEfflsrald,Tewnsend,Liverpool9(ds.,withmdse.^weather,Brig Wm. Willson, Van Name. Cindad Bolirar SeptLeft no Am. Jersey City, favorable to the election of Lni- Britgo 8BarfoidiipescnA, Lecrhoff, St. Mark's 15 ds., with ectton,and themselves Into a organiiedPettes.Brig Billow, (Br.,) Foster, Salt Cay, T. L, 13 ds., wW>withZoxiiAW as P csident A resolution was passed au-Chaklis salt to Middleton A Co.Brig Herald, (Br., of N. S.,) Folker, Liver-Aag. M, via Hampton Roads 3 ds., with coffee to Peek A Ghareh.and B. 1. Kimball, Bnaeenaaeaaa.6:30 A. M. oaThe ship Margaret Bvaas, from London, arrived lastMoaaay. Bicht, has H steerage pasrengers. Sept. 4, letBpakeai_dke.IshidaArreyo sehr, OeL Lester,J" ''.•^°^.-?J'ejses«ie, odo.,Transit,ves- www.fultonhistory.com 