 •in his work:; and for the dashing manner in which heit••sica of Kansas as a Free State. Th^n will the barbar- ism of Slavery be repelled, and the pretension of prop- erty in man be rebuked. Such an act, closing this long struggle by the assurance of peace to tne Territory, if not ol traiojuilbtr to the whole country, will be more grateful stul as the herald of that better day, near at frand when Freedom shall be installed everywhere under the National Government; when the national flag, wherever it floats on sea or land, within the na- tional jurisdiction, will not cover a single slave; and when the Declaration of Independence, now reviled in the name of Slavery, will once again be reverenced as the American Magna Cbarta of man's rights. - Nor is this all. Such an act will be the post stage in those triumphs by which tbe Republic—lifted in character so a s to become an example to mankind—will enter at last upon its noble " prerogative"of \ teaching the nations howtoKve."Thus, Sir, speaking for Freedom in Kansas, I have spoken for Freedom everywhere, and for ci vilizatioo; and, as the less is contained in the grealej-, so are all aits, all sciences, all economies, all refinements, all charities, all delights of life, embodied in this cause. "i*ou may. reject it, but it will be only for to-day. The aacied animosity between Freedom and Slavery can end only in the triumph of Freedom. The same ques-tion will soon bo carried before that high tribunal, su- preme over Senate and Court, where the Judges will he counted by millions, and where the judgment ren- dered will be the solemn charge of an aroused people, instructing a new President, in th* name of Freedom,to see that eiviliasation receives no detriment.was the only nntn who congratulated Mr. Yancey at the dose of a disunion speech. Mr. Bigler indorsed the Xanl em Democracy when a free man at Reading, but got weak in the "knees at Washington, when he taw his master. At Charleston, Senators Bright and Slidell cwhed Mr. Bigler. _ , _,. .By the gallantry of Northern Democrats the Charles- ton j)l»tform is safe on the same .ground as that occu- pied at Cincinnati. Mr. Cassidv ridiculed the idea of one hundred and fifty-two Donglas men giving him up as their choke for the Presidency when backed by theNorthern States.. His speech elicited unbonnded eh- thnsiasm. His denunciation of Senator Bigler was most severe, and was applauded.•• '•Washington Municipal Election.WASHINGTON, Monday, June 4, i860. The entire official vote for Mayor will probably not be announced l>efore midnight, but a comparison of the returns thus far with those of two years ago ishow that Wallacb (Independent) i» elected over the present incumbent, Berret, the regular Democratic and Anti- Know-Nothing candidate. There were disturbances at several polls, and pistols were fired, and several wounded and beaten. A number of Baltimore row-Doolittle rt-ported the reflations, and the Hon.Roscoe. Coukling was the principal speaker.• ./.M. E. General Conference.BUKKAI.O, Monday, June 4, 1860. The Conference, met at 8 o'clock. "Upon calling theroll no quorum was present. Adjourned sine die.moieof V M . [Laugtuer aDd a.pplause.l. "W& could ' wSip the Democrats easily—ju8*„ as easily if they run half a dozen candidates as* if tl jev ran only One. No-statniR that tin Indians on tbe pmi^iant. u.tiii. vid pony cxprc«» rout«« b*tw*«-n Sulf L»ke and Cai>ioii Valley kave be«n couutit- ting d«-jStt*d*fck>i>8. ktlliii)? «niigralit«. miuera. eapareaa riders, emwE . runniug !ofl »46ck, wbicb. fortne time, most e.ff<»ctua]ly ipterecttt* traveli the UMilti, and expr.eH*^ aud aa tbe.. »<ttieiuei»ta kloug tb«Tlie steamship Nova-Scotian, from Liverpool 23d, ble reception, •fotmd in chariiv. Re then decljured that the crime po-teas-ion and exercise of some virtue, wisdom, via Queenstown 24th ult, passed Father Point at 4v f i4 ^ a multitudeof unaccustomed splendors in tbe netr h. Woodford, c?q , and several other pronooent Be^ 1.decorations Ofthe Ga-den, and a rrfost unusual varieCfagainst Kansas'stands forth in painful ligh*. Search mrtice, magnanimity and courage. Yes, Sir, in o'clock this morning en route to Quebec.history, and- yon cannot find itsjpHrallcl. .Tbe s-Uve- j Eyjpt they defied beasts and reptiles, but even that The news is one day later. trade »sbad, but even this en >rn»ty is petty coxnp»red bestial people worshiped their idol on account ofpublicans. Several campaign song» by the It'ocky MiLLEtfcEviixE, Monday June 4, I860, j Mountain Glee1CBb enlivenedthe occasion.A caucus of .National Democrats, determined to co- I -with that elaborate contrivance by wbith, in a Ubri*- some supposed virtue. It has been left fort lis age, The steamship North Briton, from Quebec, arrived operate with the general Convention assembled here, tiaa age, and wiWiin Tbw Korits of a Republic, all t'o-me ' for this country, and for the Abolitionists of M issa- at Liverpool on the 24th. so long as there is a hope that tfte national organiza-,• ,''CENTRAL C020MITTEE.—The5s k any strife of rival factions; of White and Ked pended inland, a ail service, and requiring proposals •The bights occupied by the rebels have been taken by afternoon. Boees; of Theatric Neri and Bianchi; but it is a lioni the lowest bidder for carrying the mail between the royal troops.'.-• \ •"———-si ,;'8frioos affray occurred at Weehawken yesterday center is »large and exceedingly l>eantifoJt fountain; in afternoon, by which a number of persona were se- the basin of which a lively stal perfonasra sesries^o^ riously, if not fatally, injured. It appears that a very seni-iiubnletged gymnasttics:large number of the very worst roughs assembled atsolemn battle between right and wrong- between good and evil. Such a battle cannot be fought with excuse «r with'rosewater. There is aus:«re *ork to be done, and Freedom cannot consent to fling away any of berCharleston and Havana.Among other bills reported from the Committee were the following:Thetree* and shrubs are ilfaminated by small col- Dave Pollock's to witness a match dance for $100 a ored lamps, tit e effect of wbicb in tbe bright foliage is'"Mr. Sumner quoted 1'rvm Senators Ilammond and Cbes-nut. Jrom Caihoon and McDoJttie, from Senators l>avistwelve ports on the Mexican Gulf, according to the Butterfield contract.and other minor States.POME, .May 23.—An official dispatch from Naples,DETROIT, Monday, June.% i860.1 Richardson's match factory, with the machinery-and: fixtures was totally destroyed by fire last night. Loss-seriously, if not fatally, injured; their names could notv:be ascertained. After fighting to their.hearts content,and jin the concert-room, and everywhere the floral decorations are ingenious, profuse, and bea utifuL A number of"aquaria, one of which ii theiarg est one of the sort ever made; are disposed .through -.the mam lobby, and are filled* with curious plaste ant 1 aquaticaximalsf .A new feature in the attractions of ;the pfece - is thed eadful rates were cajled merciful becmae they were without mercy.. It isnatural that Senators thus ius«en- sible to the true character of Slavery, should evince an equal insensibility to the true character Of the Constitu-on-Frday last at the houee of a Mr. Waeffaeler, aresident of Garden street. The examination of wit- mcntaliihe stage, arranged as a bcautifur-ganJen * eene,•-wi*h unprecedented energy, degrading toe work of our delphia.! Similarly referred.' fathers, that, by virtue oi the Constitution, the pre- On motion of Mr. CARTER (Rep., ~N\ Y.), Saturday tended property in man is placed bryoud the reach of was set japart for the consideration of the District ofCongressional prohibition even wiihin Congressional Columbia business.jurisdiction; so that tbe slave-master amy at all times Mr. HASKIN {A. L. Dem., *S". Y.), from the' Co-u-enter the broad outlying Territories of the Union with niit'e*' on Printing, reported .hack the joint resolutionthe vktims of his oppression; and ti ere continue to reducing the prices of the public printing, and tai'd hehold them by lash and chain. Such are the two JSv i.ld call it up on Wednesday.that nature's sternest painter has been called the oe^t. B e then proceeded to speak of tbe baroarism of Slav- ery, wl.K-h appears first in the character uf Slavery,cessarv to call an extra ee^ion of the Legisldture.The tornado commenced at Clinton, Iowa, at 7i o'clock lnsteveniop:, and although lasting but 24 min- ute-p, caused more destruction of life and property thanexecuted Ids main scena he was twice called before the audience, we are told that in tne Trovatorc, whichaipeer except- in his brother, and tie whole con- fully represent the sentitm-uts of the Democracy of the stituting the triumvirate of Slavery in whom its es- State, as k-arly indicated at the Reading Convention.to speak of it without qualification.. :•se.ltial brutality, vugarity, and grossness are all em- bodied.In the conrse of hi? ppcech, he showed the person- alkies to. which Senators and Kepresen'atives have fccf n exposed when undertaking to SJK ak for Freedom; and truth compelled him to add that tnere is too much evidence that these have been aggravated by the cir- cumstance that, -where persons notorious! v reject an appeal to the duel, such insults could be oifered with iii©nnity. Of tins he gave iustances. ,Despite the nun, the attendance was large.The treetioR. was local in character, with speakers mainly from the city and State, it being intended to make it a pure offering of the jrood-will of the Democ- ra< y of Philadelphia and Pennsylvania to Mr. Douglas, ar>rtto ehow his personal and politiealpopularity here.Ex-Major'Vaux, on taking the chair, spoke strongly in invor'of Douglas, and the name of the "Little Cinnr." was greeted witrt loud and prolonged applausej cheer after cheer'being given.the grand ratification, meeting to be held at *he Cooper Institute on that evening: and' Messrs. Carleu Lar-- mont. Rhodigf-r, Dewhirst. Rogers, Cassey, and Meeks- were appointed as a Committee to make, the nscessary arrangements. A spacious reading-room has been fitted up in the rear of the ball, and will be open hereafter for the use of the members of the Club and others.TWELFTHWARD MASSMEETING.fie proeeedtd to argue the '"second assumption"—tb&t under ti»e Constimilon. ?lave masters may take enthusiasm. He spoke strongly in favor of the claimsJudge Marshall of Illinois was greeted with immense t'>*-ir slaves into the national Territories, and there con- of Mr. Douglas on the.national Democratic party, andDAVID* DUDLEY FIELD, esq., was introduced.' He''gave an exceedingly graphic and telling description of • ativery small, tne Department could" not niake-a-'yery,'^,tinue to hold them as at home iu the Slave States, andthat.-this would be the case in any Territory newly ac-quired, l>v purchase or by war„as by Mexico.on the»outh, or Canada on the North. "Assuming," he .at Montgomery. Alabama, was haled with every tnani- said. |" the pretension of property in man unuer the rfestation of delight, and the following resolution was *• Constituiion, you slap in tbe face the whole theory ' oidcred to be telegraphed to the President thereof:** Of State equality, for you di«dose • a gigantic ine- - hnuurrd, Tbat the'Democratic frien'da of .Stephen A. OOIIZIJIS " qoaliy between the Slave States- and the Free ir PLi!»cle}pb'a. in muss meetingassembled^ send {nreetingu to liisthe wonderful scenes "of the Chicago Convention. In liberal offer -for this property, even after .it.bocame*allusion to-the disappointments of. many, he said that sa^.is6id :IR to the desirahleness of the location* Two*'*; fttares: and assuming the equality of States, in thefiPenjocntic friends i» Alabama, and eWtvh«r« in the South, whL t>e pledge that they "Ml dve them hearty support iu their de!enmu«-d effort to. 'daintrtSn the .ti rue-honored principles of thnCooper Institute on Thursday evening, with power to adopt any plan which should be deemed most calcu-- larfd to promote, the interests of Republicanism. A-;coinmittee of three were appointed t'> raise the newand splendid banner • on the liberty pole at the cornerof Beach street and West Broad wav, on W;edn*sdayafternoon. This banner measures 20 feet, by 36 fee;,and is said to be the largest-ever raised in the city.The device consists of the American'eagle'with out-spread wings, Abraham Lincoln of Illinois for President,, and Banuil-al Hamlin of Maine for Vice-Presi-dent. . The meeting was addressed in a spirited toneparty. [Ltud and-continued applause.] Mr. Field prietors/ would consen> to take. Tbe fact being- ascer- explained-the main, principles of the party, its opposi- tain*-^,, it was at once determined by the liberal-minded tion to the extension of Slavery, its preference for free •men having the matter-in charge on behalf of o«r mer- kbor ojver slave.and for the white race over the black,, elmnts, th«t ^50,000 sOould not stand in the way of sex and its demise that tbe public lands be given in fre* .arrangement so impo.*taut, not to t-ay indispoR«aWb- to farms to all who will cultivate them. If those who OUT business interest.^, and through those ifltcres*s to were present would set to work among their neighbcjts. the vast population^ depending upon the same, and of the Ward, and thoroughly discuss the paxnciplesof accordingly they closed the bargaiu with thii proprietors theRepublican party, they would be sure.to»regenerate and wnh'tbe Department, trusting to the.liberality of the Ward., and get a clear majoritv in November. their fellow-merebaute, as well as the hanks, insuranceT- B. VAJX BrREN, esq., was the next s-^ftaker.. He companite, & c , to-assume their share of, the burden. thanked God that oar candidate was no professional This confidence, we scarcely need eay, was not mis- . politician, no trader in-politics. He had not come out placcdi'for the $50,000 was promptly made up, andHi.use of Representatives, as elsewhere, you *dap in*J t£e face the whole pretension of property m man uu- Dtmocnt&C party, the right* of the South, and the perpetuity of*; der the Constitution." He argued that the true priici-. the luica.'ple«—which, reversing the assumption of slave masters, malces Freedom national and Slavery sectional, while evfrj just claim of the Slave Statesis harmonized with the{ irresistible predoaainanpe of Freedom under the Constitution—has hi^n declared at Chicago. The nor-mai condition of the Territories is continued by the Co*tstitution,.wbieb, wheS extended over (hem, ren- der** Slavery impossible, while it enters upon the soil and engraves upon the rock everywhere the law of impartial freedom without distinction of color or race.He said, in conclusion, the two assumptions of slave masters have been answered. But this is not enough.Daniel Dougherty, in a'speech, referred to a remark made by Mr. Yancey in this city last September, on a social occasion, when he obtruded his political opinions in violation of propriety, openly proclaiming himself a oisunionist, and, on leaving, taid: " W e have met to- night a* fr.ends; when next we>meet, why, let it beas Heaven wills."Lewis C. Catjsidy, Delegate to Charleston, made apowerful addrets after an enthusiastic reception. He detailed the private hi«torv of the Charleston Conven- tion, showing what he styled the truckling of Senator Biglerand other Administration men in Pennsylvania.by Counselor E. Jackson, in support of the ticket.Three cheers were given for rhe candidates, and the. until cesignateil by the Republican f)taf.*j Convention now nothing remains but the execution of thone^essarTHe. (-aid that 3Ir. Bigler and Mr. Yancey were for Xet the answer become a legislative act by the admis-: protecting slave property'on the high seas. Mr. Biglereither party ever-held inTJtica. Messrs. Kellogg and terday morning, as far as Nowburgb. They left the wore more of 'em. That was the season whv the Re- Fish,.delegates to Chicago, made their report. C H. pier foot of Jay street, when the Drew took the publicans were going, to win tnss Fall. There areMr. CHKSKCT (Derm, S. C.1—After the extraor-dinary, though characteristic, speech which has justheen made in the hearing of the Senate, it is necessarythar we should explain tbe reasons which we arejbere invited to assume. After ranging over Europe,sneaking through back doors, and fawning at the testef Britwfc aristocracy, seeking for pity, but reap- turned oat 130 men.to meet his friends in Philadelphia and New-York to- adjourned. day.HACK AND COAVH LICENSES.—-In response to adver-T^ne Remains of John MicI>onoHsrb. tisements issued^ by the City Marshal a largo numberSuPEhioR COURT—P^rt 1.^-Adjoiuwed to Tattrr- 1873, 238*; 1860, 2085, 2&*. 2041, 2054, 8*53, 2058. 203a, 2060,liberally provided for by Mrs. Whitney. John Dore 2062,206^, 1856,"363. fartll..-*AdJo««*»*4toWe4»«aiarTbe Cattle IMscase in Vermont. Special Dispatch UrThe N. Y. Tribnne.A terrible tornado passed over th'e eastern part of Iowa snd the north-west part of Illinois last night. The telegraph lines'west of the Mississippi being do *vn,pie in some of the less enlightened States necessary tobe secured, were not ready to sustain him, and that itwould yet require time to educate these people-abovethe-prejudices which, in all reformatory- movements,,are excited against great leaders by the envy, spite, anddefamation of corrupt and wicked men imercstedinexisting abuses. Everybody knows there is'truth-inthese general principles; and, while I believe they arenot so applicable to G^v. Seward and the present posi-tion of parties as to have endangered.his election, itseems to me we should be charitable toward'those ofour Republican friends who d'fferf d from us, especiallyas tbey constituted a maj rity of the greatest and most enthusiasm of the andience. In all the places whereBENNINGTON, Vt., Monday, June 4, 1860.Gov. Hall left here this morning for the infected dis- we are unable to ascertain how far west the tornadoSignor Musfani, whd appeared here for the firsttime,and, stc >Xidly, %k the character of slant matters.. Uu- Donsla* Meeting at Philadelphia. any similar etorm that has ever visited this portion ofhe w ill perform this (Tuesday) evening, he achieves that remarkable thing for which Duprez was so fa- mous—namely, the high C in the chest voice. It is not in the score—but the tenor who can reach it will not fail to find an occasion for such a means tp rouse theOjtr the first head he considered ihe. law of Slavery aud- its origin, and the practical result of Slavery is SQOWtt in a comparison between the Free and Slave States. Under tie t*cord head he considered slave masters, as shown in the law of Slavery; slave masfrs iu their relations with slaves, here " gfancing their three brutal im-trumei,;*."' and slave masters in their relations with each«. ther, with socie y, with the Government, and slave masters in their unconscieniiousne*s. These points te discussed at length, in ea-nest reprobation of Jblavtry; :*nd in strong an.i emphatic iaiignage.After drawing the " picture OT ;ne rela-ims of slave nc«aste>s with their slaves." he said if slavery could re- c.Sve any further do-knesa, it would be by mtr-.dncing t l ^ figures of the congenial agen's t< roagh whiv-h the bi';rbarism is maintaitec—tbe slave-overseer, the shjve-brcedcr, snd the slave-huuter, ea;h withoutPHILADELPHIA. Monday, June 4, 1860. the country.A large and enthusiastic Douglas meeting was held The TOWDS of Camanche, Iowa, and Albany, Illi-2to-night at Concert • Hall. Ex-Mayor Vaux presided, nois, on opposite sides of the river, and five miles,ss-isted by numerous Vice-President, including Edwin Forre-t. "Resolutions were adopted declaring" Mr. Douglas their, choice for the Preridensy, denouncing his shameless' persecution, expressing devotion to the Union, declaring the great doe'rine of non-interven- tion," heartily approving of the Charleston Platform, pledging their support to the Baltimore nominees, re- pudiating ail sectional parties. Republicans'and Yan-> eyites, declaring it the duty of the Baltimore Conven- t:or. before proceeding to ballot to adopt- a rule requir- ing each delegate to pledge his support of the nominees as the only condition on which they can be admitted to pai tit irate, returning sincere thank** to that portion of tbe Pennsylvania, delegation at Charleston who faith-,south of Clinton, were completely demolished. ^In the former place, thhty-twodead bodieshave already been taken from .the ruins, and there is still a number that cannotbegotat. - - •',> ["In Albany five o r six dead bodies have beenibund, with about"fiftyj wounded, some of them seriouilv.W e have not yet been able to obtain a complete list of the Airtims.The citizens of Fulton. Illinois, and Clinton, "owa, are doing everything in their power to relieve the suf- ferers.From other towns on the route of the tornado that can be reached by telegraph, we. learn that the de- struction of )ife and property, was equally as great as at northern Illinois. The followiug are killed as far as we have been able to learn: Mrs. Richmond, Mr. and Mrs. Dorr, George Romerth, bov named Barnum.The seriously wounded are: Thomas Digbyj Benja- min Lathe and wife. Mr. Richmond. Hiram Mann.At Xynden,' three miles south of Sterling, several pei>ons"were killed, and 15 persons in that vicinity were badlv injured by having arms'and legs broken. The storm passed t°wo miles north of Am boy. Report savs that over ten lives were lost there, and a number brtdlv injured. The names of the killed,1 as far as known, are Mrs. Moss: a child named Billsby.The injured .are .Mr. Moss and daughter, Mr. Sackett, a boy named Nortbway, and Mr. Wright.-The tornado appears to have taken a courae almost due tast from the Mississippi to Rock River. Scarcely a house or a barn on the direct track which was about half a mile in width, left standing. From all accounts not less than 60 lives were lost. The extent of damage to property, which ie very large, cannot be fully ascertained for some'time.Later.—The names of those kil'ed by the tornado at Albany, 111.', last night are D. Buck, E. Effner, Mr. Sweat", two children of Mr. Rilev, and Miss Ryder, missing. The fatally: wounded are Mr. Riley, Mws Mary Staeg, Mrs. Slbcum. The badly hurt are Mr. Eerkh>, Mrs. Sweat, Mrs7 CVspar. and child, Mrs. McM-.inn, Moses Bishop, wife and child, Mrs. Cole, Miss Whitcomb, leg broken, Mrs. Efther, Fre<i Miller,;and M^r. Ostrand'er.Several others were more or less injured.At a public meeting of the citizens of Futon, it wasresol red to fm-nish the sufferers with homes and all the assistance rtquired.•. Kcpublican Rallficalion Meeting.••• UTICA, Monday, June 4, 1860. < Tbe Republicans held a ratification meeting here .this evening. It was the largest local political meeting otenlightened Convention ever assembled in the Unitedextreme vigor of style is demanded Signor Musiani oarmd the audience with him. Immense applause fol- lowed the fall of the curtain at the second act, where M. Musiani and Mad. Cortesi have so much passionatecom batted the doctrines of: the interventionists, "North i;Dd South.to the necessary'arrangements for. a procession to the was necessary;, ours was not. a Seward party, or a hundred^housand dollars is all that it was willing bo>Toe intelligence from the Douglas Convention, heldgrand ratification mass meeting, to be held at the Chase party, or a Bftes party—it was the Republican .pay, while $950,000.was? the lowest sum that Lite pro-dies participated in the disturbances.• '•'*••;',-*.'-•adc !Senator ~Douglas not at F»H . Pl??** Sachem will probably tahs place on Wednesday even-Tbe Ancient and Honorable Artillery.BOSTON, Monday, June 4,1860.Pmi-AOEijr-HiA, Monday, June 4, 1S«J. Judge Douglas telegraphs to The Press, that in con- sequence of tne sickness of bis child he will be unableing. A Committee wer« appointed to make tbe neces-sary arrangements for'the 4th of July, and the meeting9, 989, ap5, 591, 719, lOlUj 101, 11"3. 71L Ull, I J ^ H19, ^87*. 1191. 3153, 1155,1181, 15, 1183, 1185. Part ll.-Adjo,wuod to. W e d n e a d f t y . __ -J}.- SuraitMK COURT—SPECIAI,. TKRM.—Kois 3ft, SX^ 25,26,15i:J9to48.inclu*ivo. • / , .The annual parade of the Ancient and Honorabletbi.8daughter comparativelya smallportionof hises- day. Patt11.—SameaaMo^y, . ^Artillery took place to-day, with the usual exercises,tate, which is probably the reason she has been so CottRr or 5COMMON PLXAS—I»aH I.»~Koa. 134,embracing a sermon by the Rev. Mr. Nickerson, adinner atPaneuil Hall, and tbo commission of officers.BALTIMOKK, Monday, June 4,1860. The schooner Peter Clinton arrived here this morn-of "cabbies" and coachman appeared in Vae Mayor'i office yesterday to havetheir annual lice^uaeB reueffedvJohn S. Tyler was elected Captain, and E. C. Bailey,editor of The Hmtld, i"i»V'Lisuteiuint, The Ancients. ing from New-Orleans wfc!a the remains of Jo/nnand James R. Jesup are appointed executor8 of the will.Aajtili'Kn.—The eteamthip-Columbia^ Bt try from Chailc»tou,June2, iurivedHUU>portat1e'Clv*ok.r'^ awiuiufc.!j•1•'••'•:m! > , * »:^.'!y...JH3W-YOR& DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, JUNE 5, I860.«o»Id iatrud* these into this chamber. I hare no per- ing the neh and just reward of contempt, the m •r FROMEUROPE.I$m$hxm. m .Olli'l • ..•..;•'- BROQKL YN TiJSMS. NIBLOS GARDEN, sonal vrrwag* to avrijgr. Uuhr a barbarous nature <kf «l £*, «*»*!« *"><* men reappear* in the Senate. NKw-HAVtS1,- Conn., Monday, J une 4, 1599.'.•..!'VA? *««»p* to wield that veugeauce which We had hoped that we should be reEeved from the »*wn« to the Lont Tbo years that have intervened miserable outpourings of his .vulgar malice. We had/awi the toQ.be that ha-»e opened MOCC I spofce, hoped that from what he had lfcft, thdugb ignommoualy 2*** thetr vokes, too. which I cannot fail to aear. fired to meet, as the consequence of former inso-jBeaades, -what am I—wh*t w auv own among tne J*-nce, he would become wiser, tf not better, by expe- Evuig or among the dead, compared with the question rience. .Jn this we are disappointed; and we re-Before m*. It w thw alone -which I sbadl discu^. and I g^t it. Sir, in the heroic ages of the world, men ©pen .the argnmtnt with that eaay victory which Is were often deified—but they were deified for theThe ckf'electionfooft place to-day, and resultev?jn the choice-of H.M. Welch, the Democratic candidate for Mayor. .Notwith- The new manager of tide place of amazement. Mr.Jinnes M. Nixon, bas l>een more than orderflwfiy Iatirfiol' h)yi» pledges to the public. In his announcements ofg g jprogramme of his " Midsummer Ej^ertam»ehts,'*«Indian Outrages.Kenny, alias Robert Bruce Stone, charged by Mr. J., C;. Parsons with having pas**d a check for $375, purport ing to have been drawn by D. J&. Reese,, upon the Chemical Bank.. Mr. Parsons is the paying toller in the Bank, and preferred the charr >e. The accused was locked up in the Sixth Ward Stat,ion-House.TAMMAHY SOCIKTY.—A mee'ang of the Tammany Society was held in the Wigwram at Tammany Hall, k s t evoning, Wilson Small acting as Grand Sachem. pro tevi* iSasars. John Kelly, W o . Miner, Richard B. ConnoMy, James B. Nicholson, and Nelson J. Waterbury were duly instated Sachems, and John Y. Savage was elected Treasurer. The election of Granddot<-s. He entered into to•a history of t'he Democratic \any. and showed when' „hey began to succumb to the1dictation of the slaveho -.ding minority. He said that, dif we wanted to see J Republicans that were Republi- ,ve should go v ,p to Madison County. "GodJositrit SJLANB, \VM. Mi .OK m,M. S. liwaA>t, jAXBa WrCiKXKN.VV. K. SKKASTIAX,S. VV. POWKJLL, '-IiAShuwo STOWT, JOMX C. UcKV*,S. H. \VOODSAW, J.VMKS C*AK>. CUAUUSS L. 5C«TT. ^>v AfiRIYAL OP THE, NOVA^COWAK.DEDKTATWK OT AREFt;fiX.lea.v WlfcwsH,standbg the unpropidous <<ate of tbe weakHer last The city iom busy preparation for the great. Medical" nigbt. the Meeting of tbe Repablicans i» Grsev ,*^ ,ntFATHER POINT^ Monday, Jtrae 4, 1S50. Convention which begins to-morrow. No pains or ex was well attfeiided and immensely enthusiastie. *i • * no uhmanagerial modesty t&s deterred bim from proa- pense have beeli spared to give the strangers a hospita- lseeting was addressed by t*e Hon, Truman Shtitlr b. nQuE5t7csxtf constitarional Ebertr were perverted; by which all chosetta. to deify the incarnation of malice, menda- Tbe Bank of England on Thursday reduced the rate- tion will be preserved, js in session. In the event that .Queens County Reoablican Central Committee has iscT<peopfe • wb o read tbe preliminary advertisement of"whole country was held trembling on the verge of gu.hy of anv such apotheosis of malignity and mean- adopted by the General Convention different from that" action in the present campaign. Great hopes are enters -civil war; while sfl this large exuberance *>f \vi kert- ness. We do not intend to contribute* by any con- The Derby was won easilyby Tliornmanby. Umpire adopted at Charleston, the national men will quietlyCoc.vTrthe right* of hnman natnre were violated, and the city and cowardice. Sir, we do not here intend to be of interest to 4 per cenU * delegates are sent to Richmond, or a pUtform is jut-t been organized. jTtsaim will be to secure unity of the wondrous *n.'Di'formation proposed to be workedtseir IoT^-h>m.Tiar *•Garden/' were somewhat nees, detestable in itself, becomes tenfold more de- duct on our part, no swell the Pteans at the shrine of was about sixth. The American party are reporteti to Organize a separate Convention. In the latter event taibed that " Queens" will go Republican, and grot* pkeptj?«al on the svtbjo*ct. and not disposed, to believe intestable -when it* oiigha is traced- to vbe madness tHs new idol. 2?o, Sir; and though, with ho expecta- have been greatly discouraged. -Umpire ran under the Charleston Platform will he adopted, and delegates, enthusiasm prevails. Each Club in the county has* the; ojiracle unr3 they t a w it perfornjed^ 'of Siavery. Hotive is to crime as *oul tobodv; arid tion but the hope of improvement, we are not inclined• protest as to age.. 5t is only when we comprebeud.the motive that we by any punishment again to send the recipient ofwill be sent 10 Baltimore:- The general impression is two representatives in this Committee.that a majority of the delegates to the regular Conven- Bul.VJe believe it may be trnthfol^ said, that nocan truly comprehend the crime. Hert? the motive punisfment hallooing through the world, yelpingie fmend .in Slavery and the rage for its extension. forth increased volumes of slander and malice* These Therefore, by logical necessity, must Slavery be are the reasons why we have remained quiet, anddi:«cu&sed: not indirectly, tiaiidiv xqd auanntrly ' shall endeavor to remain quiet under that which we Jmt directly, onei,ly, and thoroughly. h moe; be ha\e heard.exhibited as it i*—alke in jis influence and in its con-tasmnating charaetei—so that not only its onwide, bat j Mr. SUMKER—Before this question passes awav, I'COMIklEKCIAL INTELLIGENCE.Ition favor sending delegates to both Richmond andmanager has ever more nxHyand fiithftriry kept histhmk I ought to make t<ome reply to the Senator from or excuses. AH such-are out of place. They ma v South Carolina. I exposed to-day the barbarism of tarn away;wrath—but what is the wrath of m.ati Slavery, and I believe that what tfie- Senator has said This is no time to abandon any advantage in the argu- J roijrht well print in the appendix to my speech as anment. Senators sometime* announce tnat they resist illustration. Adjourned.Slavery on pvhti.'&i grounds only, and remind ue thnttbeysaynothingdtthemoralquestion. Thisis .HOUSEOFREPREST^^ATIVES.projmenade and the interior 0 / the building. Artificial mo'MWs covered with plants in full bloom; hanging ba«|kijj-of curious Varieties of natural flowers; beds ofits ij.sise, may be seen. This is no tNme for soft wordsConvention.United States, 80; Ireland, 11; France, Germany, and British America, 1 each; unknown. 3.a. 1ST. Lo't'is, Monday, June 4, 1860. The correspondent of The RepublicanatMeeilla; Arizona, reports Indian outrages in various parts of the Territory. A train of twenty-four mules; with sugar, from Sonora, was attacked by the Apaches nearthe Hanover copper mines, and captured. hive per- sons were killed. All tbe mules at JBwell.and Dra- goon Springs Stations, on the Overland Mail route, Lave been stolen, and the route being without protec- tion is liable to be interrupted. Fort Fdlmore is its only reliance, and that is said to be garrisoned by ten sick men. Commanding Officer Whistler had been applied to for rations for volunteers who had gone out, but had refused them.lion, M B. Fui i), Sec'y of Wax.||;'4" WAK DKrARTJOCiTT, JUE*1, W& /McDonough.They pay f5Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Wcu..Untitled DocumentStates..> JOHN: C. U.N'-DERWOOD.-.Georgia Politics.d' excellence in the entertainments there to be prs- ser^s*^' As it is a tolerably ^ell-authenticated, fact. tAiity*?? have been managers whose performauoss'Baltimore. [Those iu favor of Richmond alone are CITV MORTALITY.—The total number of deaths inCotton—sales, yesterday and to-day, 10,00.0 bales, regarded as in a minority, and those in favor of Balti- this city last week was 102; of which 31 were adults, word witfi the' peblie than has Mr. Nixott' in.t&Js in>more alone are in a similar fix. A harmonious result and 71 cuDdi*n. Of the diseases, 14 died of scarlet fe- srancel TL* "Garden"' is now a garden fa rwtfityr including 1,600 for export. The market closed dull, in any way is very uncertain, bnt perhaps there may rare and co^y flowers b*we been ernnlofcdTwith the>and nominally unchanged. . . . ' , : BrcadstulTs duU. Wheatfirm. Provision dull.LONDON, -May: 24. Consols 95£^*>5£. for money, and _95^®94y for ac-be an adjustment by the sending of delegates to Balti-. ver^ 12 of consumption, 5df marasmus, 7 of convul-more, t\ ith authority to consult with rae Richmond sions; under one year of age, 20. Natives ot the most lavish profusion to beautify every portssw Of tfwcount. .'"vAlabama *Politic<".LIVJERPOOI., May 24.MO.NTGOME.RT, Monday, June 4T I860. There waB a large attendance a* the regiilar Demo- cratic Convention, which met at the Capitol'at noon NAPLES,May23,6piin—Therebelsencampedat to-day.WilliamAcklinwaschosentemporarrChair-NEW-JERSEY ITEMS. floors, vasee of flowersr wreftths, climbing vines,. andjstarange aquatic plants meet the eye at every step.„-• . • The<*>ut-doorpromenade*is-h'gfifedbyfaraps,maaryoT.Details via Quaznstoicn.wrong. Slavery must be.resisted not only on political The House acted on the Senate's amendments to the San Martino have been beaten twice, and driven to man, and the delegates proceeded to-the enrollment of DESPERATE AFFKAY AT WEEHAWKEN.—Another them of brilliant colors and fanciful cbnpe< Inthe?grounds, bn* on all other grotiudn, whether social, Po*t-Office Deficiency bill, and non-concurred in that their names.economical, or moral. Ours % no holiday contest; nor striking out the proviso for the restoration of the sus- Partenico,. with consideiable loes, insludingon6 leader. The Douglas Convention meets at £ o'clock thisThe Slave Bark *«riWfire^nihil service, inland, between San Francisco and Olvm- Embassador is not invited to the Conference on the Africans,, is said to have,been owned and fitted out by affair terminated in a most desperate fight between the along the walks, and a " hermif scave" occupies onaBy Mr. ADAMS (S. Am., Ky.) authorizing a daily of the Great Powers, explaining why the TurkishSia, Washington. Territory, at a sum not exceeding100.000ayear,insteadof-thepresent semi-monthly conditionofthe.ChristiansinTurkey. He'says-vTar-a Boston house,who anticipated clearing, over friepds of both parties, one side being the Tenth- $200,000bvtbeoperation.coneetI Inthemainhalloftbebuddinga,largefoun-i;pertinacityandahardihoodwhichbani»hailreserveon this side. In these assumptions Senators from South service by steamer at SiaS.OOO; also, a bill establishing . key is not one of the five Great Powers, and.if she_ ^ _Fire....;.avenue boys, during which, clubs, stones, knives, and tain his been placed; another fonntavn is in the centerCarolina naturally take the lead. In this connection a weekly mail-service between the United States and- were admitted it would be necessary to admit Sardinia .'•;•,pistols, were freely used. Three men were shot, and of the Outdoor smoking-room; others etill .;n the lobbyMr. COLFAX (Rep.y Ind.), from the same Commit-and>Brown of Mississippi, and Serators Hunter andJMason of Virginia. Thnw, he continued, by various tee, reported a bill appropriating $150,000 for a Post- 22d, tays: The Sicilians insurgents were attacked andthe combatants drew off, bearing away their wounded $12,000, which is in- eured*$2,700. The establishment comrades.yokes is the claim made for Slavery, which iapnt forth Office in Brooklyn, Kew-YorKa He stated that dispersed on the 21st by the 9th battalion of Koyal detmniiy as a form of civilkation,' as if its existence the Committee were equally divided upon the Chafsfurp; 128 rebels were killed. Theins irrection-were not plainly inconsistent with the first principle of bill, and thereupon ^reported it wilhoat recommen-anything that can be called civilization, except by that dation, and that but for the rule adopted by the is making no progress. '.figure of speech in cla*kal literatui e, .where a*thing Committee early in the session against making any LOM)OX, May 24.—George Samard, Secretary of takes its m>me from something which it has not, as the new impropriations for public buildings, a' majority the Atlanic Telegraph, has addressed a'communicationemployed 140 hands.THE DOINGSA T''-.-.CHICAGO.. COKO5ER"S INQCEST.—An inquest was held yester day afternoon at the-City Hotel Hudson street,would have favored this bill, which had special claimsQ\*T any other application before them. Referred to to the norniog papers refatiug certain statement* ofthe Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union. Mr. LEE (Rtp/, 2s. Y.), from the same Committee,To the Editor of The A*. Y. Tribvne,Sin: Much of the hobtilirv exhibited toward Mr.Hoboken, on the body of Josephine Hughes, who died or ening the stage to the promenade-re. For ti ie two&<n'ard shows tba/ greater facilities than is generally tion. This is shown in the claim next made, and pressed reported a bill for the erection of a pest-office in Phila- believed exist for the safe establish ment of a lineposition taken and course pursued by him. . Learneet-ly desired and unvaryingly voted for the nominationof Gov. Seward, believing it would lead to a morethorough discussion and clearer knowledge of our prin-nesses was conducted.by District-Attorney Scudder. Circumstances attending her death ihrew suspicion upon Waeffaeler, as having attempted to produce an abortion, and he was arrested and placed under $1,000between Ireland and America. ..The Time&'.s Paris . correspondent, writing onWednesday night, eays.no fresh intelhgence from Na- ples favorablevw> the Government has been received.ox low. as Satan is Satao still, whether towerieg in tuesky or squatting in tne toad. To the second he opposedthe unai*sweranle. irresistible truth, that the Constitu-tion of tbe.United States nowhere recognizes propertyin nu.ru . These two assumptions naturally go together.They are "twins," suclced by the same" wolf. Theyare the **couple*' in the present slave hunt, and thelatter cannot, htianswered without exposing;the former.Jt is only when Slavery-i3 exhibited in its truly hatefulcharacter that we can fully appreciate the auiunlity of gTOwirg out of the powers proposed to be bestowed his hands were completely tied by the French authori- the assumption which, in defiance of the express letter on tbe grantees,, and •to render the franchises more ties at Pome, the French commander wi'l not allow of the Constitution, and without a single sentence,, secure. This morning in the Committee, Mr. Fentonnhrase, or word, upholding human bondage, yet foists offered an amendment, which was uuarimously agreed him to attaek the Piedmontes?, or. assist the King ofciples than the nomination of auy other man. Nor bonds. A nnmber of witnesses were sworn.. Thecould I entertain any sew us doubts, of his- election if testimony was rather conflicting. The Jury, after nominated, because, in the pre ent distracted state of consulting!about ten minutes, rendered the following<•hi111i! I ?.I.-..%into this blameless text the barbarous idea that manto. providing that the grantees and their associates shall Naples. .%•/••.and that presentunreasonable and. invincible, prejudiceabsurd, against-Various private bills were passed under a suspension of the rules.The Times's Tienna correspondent says the preva- lent opinion ttere is, that Sicily is lost to the Bourlxms. Tbe Emperor of the French is said to be dissatisfied with Sardinia; and complains that she has taken ad-the Democracy, I had an abiding faith in the success of the party of Truth. Justice, and Humanity..veroict: " That the deceased came to her death from inflammation and ulceration of the womb and intes- tines; and we further find no evidence to implicateassumptiots:*the first an assumption of fact, and thesecJDC ah assumption of constitutional law, which arenow made without apology or. hesitation. He mettbem both. To the first he opposed the essential bar- the Home took up and passed the bill making the con-birism of -Slavt-ry, in all its influences, whether high snl*t< s ay Swatow, Assumption, Malta, Barcelona* treaty, and sold crown lands which should revert toST. PETERSBURG, May 24.—Prince Gorchakoff hassent instructions to the Russian Ministers at the Courts".'• . BOSTON, Monday, June 4, 18601The bark Wildfire, recently captured"with'a-cargo, of side, between Micky Warren and Johnny Quinn. The delifchjtful. - A number of marble' statues are disposed'Greeley for.bis opposition to Gov. Seward at Chicago, the Greenland Cable deputation to Lord .Palmerston.-. I am eatisfied, results from a misunderstanding of thehours preceding the commencement of the euk 'rtain- and made acce+sible by means of carpCted*phitform. * andt teps, m thrown open tothepnblic, so thar-all'carn e °tor that niVsterious regi>n "behind the scenes." S e a t s-are pldifeed on the stage,' that, thoee who iso-deaire . cansit ahdiregard tbe house and the audience from an \ en- tirely new point of view. As a whole, the arranft »• ments-are complete and eminently satisfactory to d *o public, as was evidenced by the reiterated expreasioa 8 of delight heard last night.The Ihouse was crowded, and the entertainments ' were \yell received, but the performances wereipro- tractedko so late an hour, that a^particular notice must be postponed. The first thing on -the bill after!• tbe» overtoil by the orchestra, led by Mr. Joha* Gooke, was a.poetic address, which was admirably deliveredby Mir.!Mark Smith. Then folliwed a ballet, in whicit Miss Ljba Windcl and the Misses'Gale appeared-} tbea. a balJjjfd entertainment by' Madame Von Berkel and Mada;njle; H. Kckhardt. After which came PrankTalfouijd?8 burlesque of "Atalanta," which has beenr rewritten by a gentlenjan'of tbiscity, and christenedyliThe Race-Cburfe of * Lbve." The sisters Nelson^ Miss PoUy Marshall, Miss Mary Wells, and Hessrs. Davidgle, Mark Smith, A. H; DaVenport, and C. Petew had thelletiding characters. •' j 'it • . .LAI;BU KEES-E'S THEATER.—At this house wcarpro--vduced, last nigh j. for the first time, an original 'farce; by Mj-. H. G. Plunk*tt, entitled "Our, Japanese-Em- hassyl'Tt achieved a moderate succees, hut if too talkyi'l The dialogue is, in many instances, smartr and : good, ibut'the construction o? the play is exceedingly . bad. Mr. Jefferson and Mrs. Wood were funny in; certam'introduced song<irrelevant to the piece; :Mr.Simmops played exceedingly well au Englishman who-Jias -""Wnn^j wijaiicvcr w av TT<»V. «Vrv «M*^A *TtX"» . Burnetsfc.acted capitally a .ciiaracter, drawn from •••life, which be was niade up for, and acted like a well-known; sexton d ball-manager. Th'e play drags, and cannot long rej in a place on the stage.THE' NEW-YORK POST-OFFICE LOCATED.—Ther Journal of Commerce say«:The ,New-York Post-Ofiice is to remain where it is. Great efforts have been made at different times to p r o - cure -its".removal to some, point further up-town,"and on one occasion a bargain was actually made wita'tho Government for a site near the Park, on the land for- merly occupied by the " Brick Church." But the sel- lers wejire unable at that time to establish a satisfac- tory title, and so the arrangement fell through.further investigation on the part of the Govern— mpnt-r-more especially since the Post-Office D e p a r t - ment passed into the hands, of its present efficient head—lias entirely satisliad them that a better site, all things considered, could" not be found for the Poet>- Office, than th^t where- it now stands. Accordingly we learn from reliable autliority, that the Poetm«u-ter- General has purchased this property, and that a r - rangements will be speedily made for "the erection of a substantial and every way"convenient and appropriate^ edificeiitp'.ace of the present one. We furthee-un— derstand that the new edifice can be constructed m.. sectioi)s]*arouhd the present- building, so as tov-avoid.! tiie necessity of • even a- temporary removal of the Poet-Office business to-any other locality. This is a.Mr. Greeley, wjih a majority of the delegates fromOn motion of Mr. MORRIS, (Rep., Peiin.), vantage of the period previous to the ratification of the' New-Jersey, Pennsylvania, Indiana, Illinois, and sev- any peison in tbe death of said Josephine Hughes."Florence, Gibraltar, and Hanover salaried officers. Adjourned.France. •'•.-, .'A Florence letter states that the party of the Granderal other States not heretofore thoroughly Republican, held different opinions. Many of the?e delegates pre- sented their views publi ?lj and at length to the Virgin- ia delegation, and I think Gov. Seward would have' given Mr. Greeley credit for fairness and personal re-- fpect in the speech he made to us. Difl'ering as we did, I'listened.to his argnment with attention, and know be gave the preference to Mr. Bates'solely for the alleged reason that be believed thejudgment of chose who reprefeDted the above-mentioned States well-ACADEMYOF MUSIC.• .—'•The Pacific Railroad Bill.Duke is employed agitating the city. Seditious writ- ings were placarded every .night. Many noble families don't disguise the fact of.conspiring to accomplish revo- lution.T H E N E W SEASON. ; The-attendance last evening was not such as the brilliancy of the entertainment warranted.' A grand opera—with choice eiugers, and some of them, new—a large chorus, great orchestra—military, band—and multitudinous stage decorations—might fairly have at- tracted a crowd, when we consider what success vul-WASHINGTON, Monday, June 4, 1860.It will be recollected that the Pacific Railroad bill was recommitted-by the House to tbe Select Commit- tee on the subject, in order to remove the difficultyIt was repoited that Lamoriciere finding out'thatcan hold property in man. not be or become vested with any grant, right, or in- The Papal Government had received important docu-terest secured by the bill, otherwise than iu a corpo- ments, containing ii-sTrnctions for raising the insurrec- "Dwelling on tbe first assumption, he said Slavery is rate character and capacity, to be first acquired oya bloody "touch-me-not,"" and everywhere insight t; em. or such of them as shall accept the terms and tion in the States of the Church, Abruzzi, and Calabria. a less'' known candidate, entertaining preci&ely the- cuting as well the florid difficulties of the part of lastnow blooms the bloody flower. It is on the wayside conditions of this act within the Territorial and State a s "we approach tbe national Capitol; it is on cue marble jurisdictions; into and through which the contemplated steps which w e mount; it flaunts on this floor. He railroad shall be constructed.stood now in the house of its friends. About him,same views and sentiments. He gave Gov.JSeward- ev«ning—that in The Martyrs of Donizetti. This lady Terrible Tornado. the full credit of being a great pioneer in the cause- we was vastly applauded, efpecSaFy in her leading aria. GREAT DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY AND LOSS all love, but thought he had, like most pioneers, beeu - She is a novelty here, never having sung but once be- so far in advance of his time that the mass of the peo fore. Formerly one such singer was an attraction,while he spoke, were its most sensitive guardians, whohave shown in the past how.much they were readyeither to door not to do where Slavery is ia question-Menaces to deter him bad not beeu spared; but heshould ill deserve this high post of duty here, withwhich he had been honored oy a generous and enhght-eired people, if he could hesitate. Slavery can only be trict, on a visit of inspection ia relation to the cattle reached, and what is the real amount of loss of life painted in the sternest colors, but he could not forget disease. He deems it very possible that it will be lie- and property.but now the public grows exigent wTith the increase of the numbers of the vocalists. ..-../' OK/LIFE.rCHICAGO, Monday, June 4, 1860.founded,rut atGcr.. Seward ""for ' bis prominent advocacy, a dramatic artist of rare merit, with a full extensive of our cause, made him at this time less available than soprano, capable of the most energetic music and exe-MEETING OF.THE. LINCOLN* AX» HAMLIN CAMPAIGN*.CLI-K OF THE TWENTY-SECOND W ARD.—A large and; declamatory music.enthusiastic gathering of this Club took place lastevening at Stodelberge-r Hall, No. 624 Eighth avenue,President James E. Coulter in the chair. Enthusiasticspeeches were made by the Hon. C. S. Spencer, R. HShannon, Dr. John Ives, and others: A resolution-was passed that the Club meet on Thursday evening, If the public do better in attendance we shall be able nt-Ti o'clock, for the purpose of marching in a body toeven.chair. A committee of 'three were appointed to confer with the other lower ward a^sociarions in reference-THEthe. regular meeting of the Fifth Ward Republican. Association was held at their headqnarters the Fifth- Ward Hotel, Joseph B Taylor, the President, in the-FIFTHW ARDREPUBLICANS.—Lastcrammed; Mr. T. C. SEAKS presided. After a short . great point gained, as it will save much expense, and speech by Mr.. EnwAiu) G-iLisERT." '. trouble,: laid much inconvenience to the public .meeting adjourned.. m.:—;to i-tump the state"with.Douglas, and thin he did it soihoroughly that he got more vot/.-s tian tba Little not! be Oug delayed. Giant, though'be was gerrymandered out of 4be Safer-jEighthTRIAL TRIP.—The new steamboat Daniel Drew, ate. -Mr..Van Buien felt that we wera.certain of suc-Capt. Talman, and her consort, the Armenia, Cap*.Smith, had a very exciting race up the Hudson, yes-cess... He U»id the story of the Bif 'hop. who puzzled the world by asking why it was that, white sheep ate more than blwck ones. The reason proved to be-that thereMILITARY -PROTECTION FOR THE SAMP LAKE MAIL,KorTE.—Tho-following coiTespondencehas beeu made .public: 1:if . . . WASHINGTON CITY May31, 1860. Sm: JfcoliiiMe iiifonuation having be*«n received froui I ' U ^lead and kept it, sometimes leaving the Armenia a. mile in the rear. She- arrived? at Newburgh in advance• of the Armenia about five minutes.CHARGED WITH FORGERY.—At a late hour last anything else.night, on a warrant issued; by Justice 'Connolly, Officer Gen. B. F. BKCCE from ' Western New-York made Barrow arrested a young man named Robert Bruce a siirriEg speech, intewperr >e(d with many telling anec-\gar tiash often hap.This company is the enterprise of Madame Cortesi,is a tenor of the robust, manly school. He ie all aliveM. Amodio has improved much since we last heard him. He ,has evidently guarded his fine voice—which in quality, has no superior among baritones.The opera, so far as applause went, was a success.The Lincoln .and Hamlin Campaign Club of the Twentieth Ward held its second ratification meetingr11;I Ilast evening fn Lamarune. Hall, corner ofavenue and Twenty-ninth street. The Hall was|body could make a respectable opposition but Douglas,and*he felt more like singing • x requiem over him than route arfjjfew. not »«rBcit-nt for th<;ir protraction, beiug on in.poe-cans, w„ , » GKNTtJcxsN: l baxe the bonoi to acknowledge tbi>s«ceip i*ofmade the country, b at m&n made the town; andwherever God's worl' & were most manifest, there theR*publican paity w:• & strongest. He pledged 5,000 ina-jOiity for Lincoln and Hamlin in Madison County.your letter of the 31nt ult, inforinhig UM» of recent c*Spr*da /ions eornniiUed by"the Indians onlbo " «jwigrunt, niailaAsI por^ycop. '• preae iowte betweeu Salt X.ake abd Canon Valley..** and •jukia» for Mich n-iutary protection to that route as the cijouox- SSo!mHe find never seen 8 0 great euthutiasm so early ia the may requii]e.campM'gn. % JudgePEABOD" / made a few remarks, and the meet- ing adjourned, with music and three cheers for thecandidates.Win. or Mas. WHITNEY.—The testatrix was the widow of ^he late Stephen. Whitney, the niillionaire* whose death occurred a few months ago. Her wiR has beer^ admitted to prObatie. She leayes $5,50'0 toher nieces, and all the rest of her property to her daughter,EmcJine Dore, wife of John Dore. Mr. Whitney leftIn reply^it a5'ord» we pleasure to MLy, that in ca*a»qv enoe of the receipt bv wie of tiiu'ilaiiuforuiation on yostvoh-y. 1 autici- puted yourw when by immediately l*»uing nuch c-viora a *, I iroat wiH fuUy^aad promptly mevt the euietgeucy.Very respectfully, your obedient aervau*«'v!iI!J-TJT1hsTPsl^tJlovl ,t<* equal in every respect their rash proni-mAs the appropriation made by Congress was oompar-papersljwitii the proper evidence of title,.which willtant'rdujg'connecting the Atlantic with the Pacific, we v/«ul& reHpectfjfllv &»k such inilitary protet'tioa for the route as ii y o u rjudgment t>e circumstances may require.] Very reopectfully; your obadSvut servants.i ¥SCPRIME COURT—CIRCUIT.—Itert I»—Noe^ 106LJOHN B. FLCQ"YD, S<cfBt»ry;. of War. COURT CALENDAR-TH», DAT. www.fultonhistory.com1 