 th* city rat have been ibeforetorno'clock eBlMdeyeveatt*.you."" Weil. but I don't want to leave my iajaareatiy « t a M p M M ( r stowof from three to JrJB»the severali-iwasso envetoped to a IMrilway a? town % the e w l U i eetoeh ha*one wefi versed in such matters.AT HBXSHVTLLE, L. I.L I., July 21. I860. directly over my resi- a mile aad a half east from BrushvOfe station, at fifteen minutes of ten, city time. It was going st moderate speed ia s southeasterly direction, and didnot seem to he more than from five to six hundred feet high, the wind perfectly still. It was from six to eight inches to dauaeter, very luminous, breaking ss it passed, until tt seemed to descend from a mile to a mile sad a half to the eastward of us. There had been some very brilhant flashes of lightning ta the south, previously, sad five minutes after its passing we heard a report like abet previously all was- perfectly quiet. E. A. W.ITS AFnUKASCl AT 0BSB7TFOBT. ID TUX SDSTOK QV TBK HKXJLD.mere than we eaa say: but they were there and exceed- ingly raving in their demonstrations. At tost the stove, aDsoliiteiy refusing to ran off, was allowed to escape by way of the door fronting oa Broome sweet He took to his togs, end in a few moment* was safely lodged ta the Latorge Boose, aad net in Canada, as the aintoisntabj hoped."WHO ARE THE (XrLTJMBTJB fHIABDI" TO THE EDFfOB OF THE HEBALD., eqaal IOIfce die- tor night, the see-1)0 JOT naturallyof last sight mast have many miles around New York. Itdirectly ever my house. I was ta my gardes at minutes to tea o'clock, wham my attention was drawn to a great light at the Treat side of my house. Thinking it watt a fire 1 went round to look In that direction, when the drat thing I saw was a ball of fire, apparently three or four inches in lis—tor, moving hi a aorixontal direction from W. S. W. to E. 8. E. My first impression was that it was a rocket or some other fireworks, as it toft s train of tparks behind; sad there was also twoballs emitted from it-one about half thesise of the other mash smaller, which followed in of the forge bell at intervale of three or four t h e speed at which tt moved I should judge to be a satt* to half a minnte, as from the point I first it to its disappearance is about half a mile, sad the not have bean more than fifteen seconds Its m a straight line, lbs light brilliant while passing over where I stood, tt anal away until taat in the distance. There watt a seed anal af heat lightning at the tiaae, sad a greatand It did not appear to foil. I should have it a shooting star, out for the sparks sad two balls tt threw oat. The height, while passing did ash appear mora than 300 foot I have seen shooting stars on several occasions, bat iything like it betore. The temperature bad been high all day, and the atmosphere was very close and sultry. Than waa a considerable addition to the sultry of the atmosphere, after the phenomenon, than » waa before: hot whether to attribute tt to that or I cannot say. Wo shall, no doubt, bear some good of the matter la a few days, ss it must have noticed by thousands of persona, and, among them,Lovell aad Aadersoa by then cheered the bast and I of music and the Itt i»i|a,a)r*»I wish I coald get out of here "By this time a great crowd of negroes had <theta that day'sSP^MM* BW—> ^ 1.Mr • thtt - I lin aM H at to, U passed dieactry trrtogat White Ptataathing. TV* anvery smoothly sad with ordiaaryaaJto a the atoa Why it it, I!I tog in opposite directionsthtog taat it psawrt directly war their tt was aslBinaw af mites—whichdo so—or were there several on exhibition a SUMMER HILL.m osla It*'tt completely We reftr to the so-caHed comet af it n i plainly seen at Poughkeepme, an! a it a* follow* —It looked like a lone briiliut. and passed overjust ia the wake of the ceatoai toll this still hundredaiotf5-% SrwbTaalKBr^ for wejciiged from the carveit went down Bear Uastieun, ox withta us; oa this we erred, for a frfondtt fojm Brighton, and whome m other'part^aJars, that he thought it went ia she hay, whereas I presume it must haveaaex, snlTB|»rliiito of ooj , who arrived here on Fridayby the City <ioard. were yesterday to the public instifcitioBB of the byto say that the occs, aad the fraternixation ofdnrixg the day was ia thatspirit induce anything but the belief that the Ihion is as near a dissolution as our hot pioodisd r«Mti-sad email sheet atobttttea >>issis deafooto understand. J |oa the foam to I tecture designed,!itot ap taproceeded to'lr. Whttleohttatshto,axssBttag, ta which ware houoad sixty of the Ihorses la the Catted Ssatax, Freas thtt point the troopspresent residence, whore a Stoat banHsral eottsttoa ef allhalf past aiaeo ciock. took a direst liasH came fromand the thing itasff such a surprise, sad the ecstatic shouts of the gentleman, together with the ludicrous cries of peopte slang the Jhore, at "Where are you from, oht fireworks," "That's from Japan." 'Comet abag," Ax., thonoms mast have bean load for ax to haveheard tt.AS SEBN FKOM PETSt-Ut'S HOTEL, STATES ISLAM).TO IBXKDrjOB Of ISXBXBJXD.At precisely tea minutes before ton Friday night, whilststandingonthewestsideofPeteha-sHotel,StotenIsland, part of the tttaad, I oisco- a light, luminous etoad ia the northwest, oat ofwhich emerged a bluish purple U p t , about the stteef my hand, and travelled ofi in a southeasterly djection at a rapid rata. From this had of fire, which became quite brilliant, shot forth twohalfo in precisely the same stylo that they are thrown offfroxt Roman candles, the three bodies BBtotosii at once meteor-lake appearance, with bluish tails, aad travelled the same direction until their final disappearance In the vxiaity of Fort Hamilton. The body of the light was as bright and as dazzling as the SOB at midday; this waa encircled by a purple ring, and still another of pale red. The whole had a bluish cast un tiiafew BBomente before tt ittappsarod, when it aammeil a pale red and died out.* It«Hd not disappear boiow thein the air. 'SOCTH XBOOKLTN.We were sitting oa the stoop of a house in WeodhuU street, South Brooklyn, facing due aorta. The air was oppressively stffl and warm, and toiat flashes of summer Suddenly we were at-Itlay ttaapiaaar. Ftoea about the sine of; to sight. A leattomac from Washington, St la that rillafo aboutit to a toe of fire of several ithe other, sal mat when tt wasletty overheadIT ArTBAEED A TAt Kewburg oar reportor learned the followingaaar Bond street, where their muskets werf deposited the THE ATTEMPT TO ABDCCT CAM An attempt was made oanight previous. The Blues were attired ia their full dress, slave beteegteg tt Captotadark blue uniform coats with light blue nrBasts fad silver Blues. The facte are as follows:—Barry on Friday evening, a colored man,'trimmings, fottgue caps with gbtasd covers, aad white aeas tt ta to attend en mitttory cornspantaloons. TheCityduard,whowereinfullaaiformto qaaiatedwiththeslaveta<waiting at the armor\, received their guests With that who had brought the man along with him i :SK cordiality for which they have become proverbial vant. had no tear of allowing him ii a horse can trot.aasvasw* •e)*BBj**g _ saaaaaa nnow anvanaaa j aiofthenaraaaMnB from Mr. McCoy, the Fisbkffl —sal afearr*s irrecvT. About twenty minutes to tea o'clockof ire, tome Troa a darkbeabatt thfao mat elpointre the white pants which they wore wore be- with mud Along the route the Blues were welAt Tairytown it a said to have been wonderfully bright aad beaatifui. and tat following description is given of it ay faattoaatc reaiejag in that TilingAbout tea o'clock at night a bright*^P'*TM*(J * • *^swa a* aaawaaa> vBw**'loa* vttsw ejpgsEf,wawpjswaa»*apt- BBAOBSV v tIt reeemated a very stage swat height ahar, with a, saw whoa aaoat aver the village divided iato two parts, which went ta opposite directions; hotshortly waste together again aad farmed, abefore, and m this state what forth withand it was aoaa out of sight. Daring the whole ef the time it was risible, which was sheet threett to large quantities, aad may he said to hares hsaatifoi piece af forewarn*. The country allskill ta infantry drill, tt exciting some comment ia the press aad among the people, allow one who drilled with the Golemhea Guard, nearly twenty years age, to aiiawni the questioc. * Who are the, Columbus Guard?"the mra very ehkht sprinkle of rain, after caued, ana »fc certainlythis BBBBBttM v•aisnitor vanished. We judged the which it emerged to have bean over Newark or the into beyond, slfcwgb tt may have miles farther westward. We heard no aoiae,route for the etty.As the troops left Harlem aniwght I waa"Yes, yeo are," replied the ardent Republican, -and I want to tall you that you are on free soil and above the the little steamer Satellite, the hues wer cast off amid oppressors hand. Yon can go now aad be cant toeeb:, opposite 'ireeapoint.A very briOiaatTOO BWestchester County. July a , i«fiO.We all thought its The theory ef Itshad of it FttOMthe delicacies of the season was served op ta aa artisticIt can hardly be said that the Savannah H'.-M rose at style. The viands *UNTO* Of TUBHERALD.J. R.saasaaors rang their bells, sounded theii fog whistles, and their passengers sent op cheer upon cheer of welcome. all of which won undoubtedly Jrratfiying to oar BhBBBeBPB military friends da the boat proceeded the City Guard tost no tune in pointing out every object of interest to the guests. While the steamer was passing tp the East river she was honored with ia salute from the Brooklyn side from a vessel, probably engaged in the Southern trade, hi addition to this the vessel was eschar! tron dying jibboom to topsail with nags, stream- ers and bunting in honor of toe occasion. iAs toe steamervery much further..was a little socth of o u tvery high' and Very large somewhat reconciles theof our Brooklyn neighbors, who lodge the Y enisei fasae of its path to have been still north of them. I don't understand hair it appeared to go down so soon to as as weti as the aaatlemsn who judged tt IXwag BSSi s near Forty-seventhbtreet A short timeat early bear, for, aside from the fast that age saina Southerner seldom recovers from htt mcetting'sbefore the sun has perform*! a quarter ofMs day'sthe eatertalnBUBBi of which they Wore ciwfywaisi uhave thebadthere been perhsag we should sot tt; for what with the exclamathaw of ae of whom were alarmed, the lightduring thestoy of their guests, were likewise onthe</to Ifo, BBBBBBBBtoHtod eqajpfod far taoetty% jaBjaxtoaii mi. At a quarter past ten o'clock >eaterdaj morning the Savaaoah Bines formed company ia front of their tempora-ry quartern at the Ltfarre Hotel, and from tnere inarchedto the armory of the New York City Guardiia Broadway,Oa the way down the river the yachts tdeace of Mr. Aspinwail, atfrom the lawn in front af the house.The Guard and their guestseight in the evening aad started at street, E. R., and from thereforge Bouse, where they fby the appearancebody rising into the air from the direction of Governor s Island. At the first sight it convoyed the idea of one of those fireworks known as Bomatt caadks, but as tt attained ito greatest otevatioa it brake, without any audible detonation, into apparently four bodies, all of which continued on the same course, due west to east, aatll they disappeared. The first and largest presented the appearance, in its flight, of a large gih g*s chandelier, wUC alt its burners lit. aad Shining with purple tinted flame. The second, which tol lowed closely aad ia a djreat iitngajaw somewhat smaller, but had the sasae i JBEBBM aginssBii >. The other two were at a considerable distance from the first,and appear- ed at plate aery giobeo. They all maintained their rela- tivedistance*,aad conse.i-ei.tly the samerateof speed. The phenomenon occupied from a satente to aaunute and a quarter in its passage, aad took pfoee at about a quarteraf al a v i s htintedglobuUrI- I., July 21,1480.A very brilliant meteor was seen from this village at before ten o'clock. In aboot a m i — • arter ito disappear- On the trip to the islands numerous impromptu speeches its list of honorary members (who have merited thatabout a quarter to tenlast evening. It ruse out of the sorth- wostand passed over the entire heavens, disappearing be- low the borison in the southeast. Its appearance was that of a largo round bail oi fire, withfo trail of fiery light aadance we heard a detoaatioa from a great distance, as from a large piece of ordnaace, but which wo supposed to have proceeoed from the meteor. Aftcrejerte there was a con- siderable disptoy of those meteoric ngfats known as iailingstars.THE STBAXGS VlSrTEB 3EEK AT SEA.Captain Feiabagen, of the bark Seneca, of Baltiaore, has furnished as the following atojtoment of his view ofthe rextorkabte phenomenon:—July 3D, at forty five minutes past nine o'clock P.M., off Barnegat light, ohaerved a meteor rise, with tremulous moticn, la the northwest, about tea from the h/mr"*, out of a dark cloud; rising m the form of a globe, sadsa tt ascended increased is sixB until ttseventy degrees high, when it broke out iato the form of a coawt, with a tail about three degrees in length. Inwere made by the Guard and Blues, profesMing their de- distincticn by long service In toe field aad in ito ranks) votion to an undivined Union. containsmany of the first names in Georgia. Its captota, Among the speakers was Corporal George Mercer, of Paul i. Semmea, tt a South Carolinian by birth, one of the Blues, who, it is said, made a very pretty speech: but the highest toned, ae he tt one of the wealthiest and aaost the fraternisation of the troops was so enjtoexjastic dur- eaterprsitag gentlemen of Georgia, fie graduated asparkling corruseattons dropping out of it cited the greatest admiration and wander in ail who be-AS SEEH PBQH BEDFORD. A], July 21,18*).dast night in Fulton avenue, near Bedford, Brooklyn.while myself aading its delivery that that no one could hear it, except those immdiateiy in the vicinity of the speaker.W a t Faint, and has always token great tatorea ia mili- tary aftairs. The Columbus Goard have been in the habit for nearly twenty years of annually gotog iato a twowhile it waj overhead, was s? bright as day. ttfrom the west, sad sank a direct Ihte for the east. The splendor aad beauty of this magnificent spectacle ex-Alex. Henriqees, of the City Guard, when called upon, weeks' encampment. I did a a have the pleasure ef said he had been commanded by his captiiii to respond to toeing the Zouaves drill a lightthe wishes of those present to make a lew remarks not their proficiency. 17. however, abaappropriate to the occasion. He was ever ready toAt flaw SMEW tt was also seen, and is Rkened to a very forge rocket going, through the sir sweat as fast ss adistance shove Fvughkeepsis, ad Albany hare heard or seenicities. ATrespond to that order, when it came " mach reaaosaed. The occasion which together was no ordinary on*-—it waa an immense amount of interest to the touch aa tt was aw them to showthat the lucubrations of theabout the Northern desire for a dissolution of the Union, had ao foundation ta foot. Gentlemen of the Sa vaaaah Blues, you have notgained field, laden withmeet them in frieadiy rivalry It may a a be itiiwieil ai together improbable thai ear Chicago friends will retain their laurels only after a desperate struggle. ftCECity Mtgaums m Cot am a n Hirrm Ban BULL*—Therepublic of Hayti, W. L, has for a long flooded with counterfeit bills.ta New York and sold tofom Uy were sitting at the upper windows of the bouse this form tt described an arc to the heavens of over nine-"cooling off," previous to retiring to rest, a bright blue light suddenly spread itself through the atmosphere, died instantly appeared more intensely thantt was the efitat of fireworks, we looked ow and saw approaching from the northwest two bsl a of fire, which were at first mistaken for fireworks or fire amazement on they came, sad the (at about the speed of a bird flymg),at ahaof Trinity church. As they otteafcto,etaevtagtheair,linea, we had a clear, oninternipted View of Iheax• ban about the anas of a mans head, ofdeep red joined to another similar bal!, m a direct line behind tt, by a long stream of beautitaJ light, at the etui of which, and joining an to ball, was a Same of red are, which are could like the dame of a torch air. The second ball of fire. adjoining lo which baUaof fire much smaller than the first twe, ia a direct line one after the other, the last of by a tram of at toast oxe hundred ef fire. Their comas wax fromA.T. OLAXDborof Friday night, that it wax not of great heightIbeetty.1 a t sxBextaatoed, on Longtt from tts first appearance to thety tlagjesB. aad in foiling irrr+iBT* Into three small making a southeast course, and barely clearing the vessel. First appearance was about the size of a full l, aad expantod into double that atte. The time itto describe the are was about thirty seconds.you have come as ettiasn aohtieio, you with open arms as brethren. It you come from the North, the South, the we all spring from one line and onethe same common interest, and to shoulder to shoulder ta itefoat tag Oar foi from whichever quarter they may. We leave oar city to retara to your wives you shall carrywe reserve trade with that island. Every vessel leaving this portuntil tttt presented theby you, and seemed to be notthan a sky rocket. Time byittttotoThein rearing this Union to ita letthemfrom henceforthit unitedly against theDe Lyon, of the Blues, said hecitizen soldiery of the South, and his stieusly exists rn his aeaoto. fieto the North to speak with his them that the p-opleef the South were the oonslltntinn and the Union.Judge Be LyonLovell, of the City Guard, toservehiscountrywiththe heretofore. CentAt half past twelve o'clock the dall's Island, and on roachlag the dock trom her quarter dock. Txebeyatathe to the number of 300, were allto receive the guests ta with the eWer beys asLight Guard, do theboy* presented arms by toby their instructor, liajor „ . , - , , .and regttaentol color wavtog. Afterthe right of the line of boys they dall* island Light Guard broke tato cats and escorted their gosato to aba tsfoad The vtttters wore otoppod oa veafo i o aba receive a wekoeae froto the littieafwere of all sizes, and wore neatly dressedand white tag thel e s tsaii.a (Truss the Neweveningrsum, cr.] ^£^or!the West, We have it we will goyouwas supplied with a quantity, and the evil a toagtb be- came ao axoat that the officers ef thto government took measures to put a stop to the practice, if poaabta. The matter w a given in charge of the New York authorities, and after some months watching the police have a length sccceeded m arresting one of the parties eagageu in the illegal traffic. Detectives Bayaor aad Yaa Wagoner, of she Brooklyn force, haeiag obtained oaaae necessary ta- foraaatoa.laid in watt on board the brig Baltimore, lying a Catharine ferry, yesterday, aad aaeeeoded to_ a German, whoa name is aaaanaat to ho Baa ler.afteroaaeladiag_aaleofSibMOworthafcounterfeit bills to the mate. The brig] is toseised and brought to i Deputy Superintendent of Polite? to await further iaquiry. It is snpneosd that he ia one a gang who have lanaforturad aad sold thisriittleMtitfaofeast, tonodocka tion of an ordinary are rocket, whocrietya,pipaeareddiretcotiohne • or balls of fire of intense brilliancy and beau-t y BOMlot ill ia a straight line bytheby awayInaxafoxBplaces over which itASBaWNA TXttWdXE. fFrotolhe Newark Mercury, July 21.1Last evening, at a quarter of ton. aand beautiful meteor passed overfar city,west to east over Market rtreet,than ewe baadreS yards high,at pigeon*, wttheat either ifiatiiniiastg or sseea ting in Its course, tt appeared cnmpneoil of two distinct bodies of equal BIBB, sad torawwntort by a axry brilliant atee and seBaw light, and iftt had been saoandiag as rockets do, instead of passing la a perfectly borisootoi direction, it might have seen mistaken tor anfrom its appearance sad the remarkable light,half a minute, and m it off likeyog that yea amy tofi them the asnttoneatof the people of toe North baabaen grossly misrepresented. Wnen patriotic men of this Onion consider the immense aacnlises made of bloodthesethewere thrown ofl there seemed a slightheard by ail. Then from alt axwe areata toes what tosayabosf, tt, farther accounti with muchKfJEKTHW Vlllfgtt AT [From a rlaxaaaWnaiat theof falling to the earth, kept oa into meteors themselves.As these•tt. tt was areeeded bya to that of anap^areatly, to totfojtt seemed » towab the top of the"tt" tt as stoktog into the bed of ttsam, atnaoaBBM] mrepreaaefaeha rdofo T att^swted,hue, connected with a bait of fiasne. AUntitled Documentf•-* IIVBbJ-Wlof "vara! bodiesAt the collation abortspouses aude by Corporal Mercer, oft Benriques of the City Guard, aad Prior to the departure of the military Iuptaftoatof Mr. Whiuock'si two splendid ooauetsof 1the guests of Friday night by our military aad ctti-seas gfnerally, constituted saxxfBBEt grqends for anywant oi matutiEal punctoality of which they might havebeea guilty. By ten O'clock, however, they were up,dressed aad to "apple pie order/' looking as fresh ax Ifjostor: abed of rcees, while the Stow York City Guard, sweet borne." who have devoted themselves to toe rites of hospitalityShnrtiv before eleven o'clock, bottleft the City Guard armory and took up thehimHIII•itattiBitotakeatookatthetwith ha) New York acquaintance,part of the afternoon, and early ta thefetched ap at the police beadqeartota, < darkey is well known. Gotog tato fibs 4they took a seat ia order to secure scene rest, iline of march down Broadway, and thance to the foot ofNorth where the excursion Bhaablite, chartered specially for this occasion, wa? to waitingto receive them and convey them on their excur-sion to the public Institutions of the city. The lawyer, well known at headquarters, aad a imarch down Broadway was made under dlfitoajty, owing member of one of the Republican Central Clubs, entered to the rain shower in the morning which formed the thereoaa. After listening to t » conversation of the tare-dust iato a aort of paste, which rendered the Baas pave- ment very slippery and most unpleasant to walk upon. The Blues bad not procetded six blocks rem the startingnegroes tor some time, he asked the Ceofgtau if ho waa not a slave."Well, yes. I suppose I am,aad yet T s l a t , " replied the stave. uBat Maaaa Anderson allows me to do as I am pleased, aad says when I get tired of him I a a go. Sa you see I am and I ata't a stove. "*corned by many of our citizens who bad assembled atevery avaitable point to do so.At naif past eleven the:itroops were safely embarked onthe cheers ef thespectators assembled un the dock, theroar ef artillery from the forward deck df the steamerand the excellent music of Douworth s first and secondbands—one of which accompanied the Gsiar*, aad theother the Savannah Braes. As the Satellitf and her mili- is front of the detective office. How they came there tt tary freight proceeded down the North river, the passingAB the acceptance by the Coiuaebus (Ga.) Guards of a passed the Navy Yard her speed was aladkoaod, aad the challenge issued by toe Chicago Zouaves for a trial ofreceiving ship onio sad the steam war sloops Roanokeand Susquehanna were pointed out to the distinguishedstrangers. On the forward deck of the steeper was placeda forge table, oa which was an excellent cold; collation.given by the City Guard to the guests, wktb a. b matutoisupply of champagne, claret wine. «tu d--\me, fee. Afterthe steamer passed the AUaire Works, toe Morgan IronWorks, Novelty Iron Works and other prominent pointeen route to the iftand, a genera] popping f at dorks tookpfoee,andsoonafter sentiments torthe prosperity andperpetuity of the Union were drank, amidj genera! never- its ranks who fought m both those OBBBJBBJXBIt'-be forgotten fraternisation of ib*- Northern and South It numbers about ufty active members, all of whoa are era representative troops. gentlemen of education and high social standing, whileof enthusiasm took afoot, aad dock the band played 'It ttoae of toe oldest, if not the best drilled volunteer corps at the Sooth, it served wrih dtactactfoa ta both theFlorida,and Mexicanwars,aad has membersnow tofor years p a t . The bills Betted are colored paper, gta length aad width,cation is bad. The following taa thebills Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069totw. *www.fultonhistory.com 