 AtUTU «F TIE CiKAMAA.aa%fram hto toterrsi1mii,M$Bmta , ."nursday sfternoon, a t two o ckxvta.mck (Ireand) pCam-'»--** AJbaay,aa Monday, ofi.^<mi^-bterofJc*nChnst.e, haq.of tAefamV**""! «*k» place from theVtoscber, Mwl..Mo. 7 Ten 1 (Wtdaeaday) ^fteraoon, at four o'etoekDaaow—At Je.'naiea, L.I , on Tuesday sfternoon7. tavern P. DUUMV. aged 611 I k e tuaeral will lake on Thursdav afternoon, at tw oE DAY W E B FRSI m1*11 l-S^rf^'N^ri*" - '-EUBOPLInto to a awty watch to)of the P.-opbet. It to Mm oalv pui>lieoeea-whieh he takes an' active « ' of the teaof watch have occurred waring my pie His palace to sear to the mosque, bothr.taated , commanding s sptondid view of thai of salt water sad the Sea of Marmora. TrooplinedIkeway,oaeitherside,tramthepJastportal to Hto vsrd ef the mosque, aad attwelve c'clock I beheld kirn name from MM • ••••••! , sadmounting a tae bayArab stallion, rather fatsad pussy, aad very tost, piinlU tf thesaat where1 Mood. Many of the higher olbefore him, among whom InowaViceAdmiral,sentato the IHto tone was very thinHe looked terest, but took noto hisUiedouiery preheated anas as he passed byhe entered the mosque, 1 retired to Pern to escapne1the beat and the daft. ww w m w w » v '£L PonCIOSO OB MTJBTA TOtIWILL ______E PTBLItaMD O t tArTlDA Ttv s government. In reply to tat Witbdrtwalef IrLfTfrfrtatkeWKftonlip Lard J Raw ell said the NeaaowtaaTHE cmmmm*m*ir%mmmfi thetaiwiyPukft Ctapw. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCEADVAHCE I I BKEADSTUFFS,Thefloodwoodstsneswerewon i leodorowna third.The Parte haa ti-toracted — In hasps im at Paris sadGaribaldi refusedjtheforcesofbe used to compel»hlm. To that proposition her Majesty 'a government had declined toSoeooo asi to oflkiaUy commaa«ate to mk conns o f the Tuite lakr MtooJmgL^l^BWjS. I XIXtm aad St. James the COOCIWPOB of paean between the ronitesonthe10thkit. lathis official the1-orte,altooag- expreasiag itssatts-5K f>X Thestockto port to estimated at 1JetMM ofthe London Exchange. *.TheSultantakestheinitiationtothereformsadopted asavitalprinciple by theOttomangovernment, and I subjoiou the following extracts from the same paper, showing the fact— ,HThe advices from Manchester are unfavorable There at this haapv event, adds that tt will, neverthe is but little inquiry, and prices are weak.hwa, pursue with the utmost rigor the authors of the re- i.IVBKPTOOI BBXADmTFTS HAKKXT. casfaiticres: sad that Paid Paoha had to that end The weather to favorable for the crop. Richardson.Depot106•hatii&mstreet,comerofPearl.S o u t h e r n e r s , M e a d e B r o t h e r s ' Challerlea JAWIHD. Jeajtsce., in the 71st year of hto age.Wheat advancedid.a2d.since Tuesday fortaewhite. paaatheguiltyparties,haalsoto-takesuet maasores Corntendingdownward,priceseasier,butquotationsonat would prevent the recurrence ef fresh conflicts be changed.sualfirmness,intoa review ofthecauses which nave ledtothepresentfinancialembarrassments. HisMajes-ty then expressed hto determination to have a system of real, and not illusory, (eonaomy introduced into all the departmentsofthegovernment,notexceptingtheimp r i a l househokt. and urged on all present t h e necessityof 00operation in this effort. The Sultan then announced his Intention to name the financial ron«etl dV swneSUoMCi whoseappointment,withMehemet RuschdiPashaa- chief, we have mentioned.OnMonday,animperialkitwasreadatthePorte, creating a new and highly Important office in coaaection with the financialadministrattcaof the-country. and his Highness Mehemet Kuschdi Paaha was read to to the new post *s Vicar to the Grand Tutor. The imperial *<?-. after the expression of hto Majesty'• Strom: confidence u the enlightened integrity and patriotism of the new minister, stated the earnest desire of the Sultan to adopt such eco- aomic reforms in all the departments of the government as will equalize the outlay with the wconi' of the country and with this view, it will be the doty of the new func- tionary , assarted by a special council, to institute a system of ulakSt make (financia) improvements) calculated to ef- fect that end. The new minister will control the Minister of Finance, and exercise a special jsovetfonce over the financial administration of the Sersakertoi and arsenal in particular a s also. as we have said, over the accounts of the palace. To this brief stetement of the new measure we need merely add, for the satisfaction of our many countrymen who have stakes in the financial future of Turkey, that In the independent spirit, the proved in tegMtoiatnrwa,Cabinets,ImperialsaadLiteSue.1wofortynine (Ht) Fulton street.Lewis,aged11monthsand7days. , thecommeorrmeatof Lever'snewstory, ent...«.i"A Thefriend?andrelativesofthefamilyarereapectfcUy Rideforalay' Atoo.beaittifelPK-t:resaadTale*,aoktweeo the DrwMsand the Maronitea.A wiegrnphk m e s s s p , dated Naples, R—ilsy evening,2ii states that after a eonferescewiUiCoaatCavoar.it wasi—tradthisdaythattheKingofSardunashoald sead as aide-de-camp, carrying an autographic letter to Garibaldi, requesting him not to attack the continentalThethinto nf the revolutionary movement at Naples lad caused an illumiaatioa of the [whale city to takeLIVEKTOOL pitortiroN MARKET. Theprovisionmarkettodullsadwithout materialCinrnejr'sGallery.grandtatber, Fordham avenue a p t Seventh street, Mor risanla, this (Wednesday) morning, st half-pastton o'clock. ' * *MACKXI.—OnTuesday. August 7.Pram MACKBT. sonof Joseph and Mary Mackey. aged 1 year snd » d a p .ThefuneralwilltakeplaceIbis(Wednesday)afternoon, at two o'clock, from 103 East Eleventh street.McOtmts,—OnMonday,August6,afterashortandse- vere illness, Jo-Di McGvnut, County Farmanara. Parish of Iiarrv Ganpal.HARPER'S WEEKliY FOR T H » WEEK CONTAINS theretnmeoremPBtofLevertnewBor>,eatitl«d,"A Ride for a Day.' Atoo. beaat-ui tortures and Taiea, aaS miscellaneous reading. Price five reamHARPER'SWEEKLYFOETHISWEHKOONTAINW the eomraenrement of Lever's new story., eat-ied " a hide fer a Lay. Also, beautiful Picture*, and Tx.ea.ao- muvi.ellaneousreading. Priceh-ecenka• in 1 1 - •• •-HAMPER S WEEKLY FOR THI.-. WEEK CONTtlNB the commeneeraentof UnvM new ttorr. eahi.ejd " aPans, July S3, 1860. place Crowds of pe>ple shouted "Garibaldi forever in Imprrtant from QariMdi—luPrtmediUtiamnJUtackoHThe relatives and friends of the family are respectfullyStrangers ia theCity will Madthe invitedtoattendthefuneralfromhtototeresidence,180 RaleforaDay"Atoo.beantifii!PicturesandTaieaaadde-ant* of the royalists. About tin of OK hue police tt« Mainioad—«ax. of AJwn wt Aapfes—The F.vnekPhrenological. Museum, 908 Broadway, a most interesting First avenue this (Wednesday) afternoon, at two o'clock, Busceltoaeous reading. Price toe cent—plaretr. vts::. It contains Busts and Skulls of somen! the moat without further invitation. His remains will be taken to HARPERS WEEKLY FOR THIS WEEK CONTAIN*.distinguished persons known embracing murderers, thieves, Calvary Cemetery for interment Carriages in attendance the cowaneweei-ent of Lever's aew story, eaUUeo "Aagents had been killed.The Swim Federal Counciletc Admission free. When desired. FOWLKR A WKLLS give professional delineationsof character, with verbal or full written descriptionsBassfords', BUIlard Factories,1*9 Fulton,of Isaac and Josephine Osborne.Friends a r e respeetfully invited to attend htoruaeralfrom hto late residence, Java street,«.reenpoint, Brook- lyn, E.D.,onthis (Wedneadsy)afternoon,sttwoo'clock P.M.Newark papers please copy.PKMOU. —In Flushing, on! Tuesday, August 7, of con- sumption. MAST, wife ofAdam S. Penfold.The relatives snd friends of the family are invited to attend her funeral from her father's residence, Jams Jones, on Wednesday, at Flushing.miaceUaneooe readme Pnee five teatsHARPES'S WEEKJUT FOR THIS mtof Lever•_h a dthat the taatoriaass on the aeuhrality of twitzerlandwould be tsdeeaitely adjourned, « s i i l r l i absolutely re- i to tote part in a conference should Sardinia be ad-The iaternatioaal Statistical Congrem adjourned on t h e Hat. The next Congress meets at Berlin.The sales of cotton tor the week footed ap 48,000I have just re-6 Ann, since 1832. sen, Brooklyn.Herring'sburglar proo. Safes, Mt Broadway, comer of Murray street. Mew York. ^Grower dk Batter's Noiseless S e w i n g M a - chines.LA FAJtOR HOUSE, > MEWTUBA. August 1,1S£0. JMass**- OnoVET. A BABXR— G r . K T —It is with pleasure I acknowledge, after a a umber of mouthshard use oCone of youreeleoraied Sewing Machine*,the ROSA.DeceivedintamatiouCOSfTAIMto1 Tfiis mm in pi fast smnrdsnt' witb the views of toACritictomanthePeculiarDrillof the'ChfoagoLetters from tt. Catharines. Barstop, Newport, aajother Watering Places, A a account of Another Bril liaat Meteor seen in TtrgiEia. Tennessee North Carolina. Ontoaad Pennsylvania, Letters from Oar Correspondents to London. Paris aad Berlin, with the Latest News from Stefty aad Naples: Interesting lntelligeseetrmn California A Report o f the Half Century Sermon o f t h e R e v . D r . Spring, of the Brick Church, Fifth aveaee; The Local News of Mew York and Vicinity of Importance* Reports of the Cattle, Provisioa aad Money Markets, and ail m-of|the preceding week.a year; tour cents a single copy. Subscripquested the s-etiiatioe of Great stopping the program of Gartlef that ifFaiacmui.—On Monday, August 6 , daughter of the tote Wm. H. Fairckild.The relatives- sad friends of the brother. Hamlet ML Fairchlld, are • attend tae funeral, from the Per. Dr Carmine street, this (Wedneadsy) o'clock, without further notice.New Haven papers pFotxi —On Monday, August 6. afterl i tLETTTT 4 MOEE15 TO-ihB,The market was , at a fractionfor best bills. P3a3K percent Tie rands mstolstoiri theirwomen to ran largely in debt. ThiisIitso.,tto aiteat correct, bat, to extenuation, I should add. skat through his great kindness, the OswaMmtrnto and other palace officers have grossly abased hat confidence. Among these wss the chief Chamberlain, Osman Pasha whose po- sition to the most important of the household Many of these peculations having been traced to him. The follow-MrTs.heErixestsi rFeOsXBaTn,dagfreiden6d6s; of her sons.. John. Daniel sad spectrally torMsd to attoP morning, P ton o'etoek, at eighth street. A solemn hi ottered for Ma-pose of kertomlty,aadchsel A Foley.are re-funeral this (Wednesday) sTJbnrcfa. Twentva will be wffl beUVKKTOOL OOTTOVmeat of the inited States to similar cases, seam would be tower peculations of the people's money —•sited at the usual Hamau> rates. wrtmsra aat 48.0C0 batos, of which 11.000 bales. Vef cotton for the 1600 and aafhata-StateBaras.—Bwife or Jean __,_., - - . . Limerick, Ireland, aged SSchange. Theproducemarketisgenerallyunchanged.IK DETAILSOFHEWSBIIKIBMO. Oar Pstris Cwrrespwatdemee.707 BROADWAY. IvorytTpes,I.IVKEPOOL ntorrrx KAKCBT.Fhotomehs.Miniaturesto Oil and Daguerreotypes.EspedUwn to Synm—AmbUiotu Projects of Aapatom, «fc.Your readers will bear in mind that I predicted Gen. Garibaldi would ere long leave Sicily and attack, withpirates,politicians,lawyers,statesmen,judges,clergymen, oeso-RB—OnMonday,August6,DswmB.,totoatson BideforaDay.' Atoo.beamtfu!Ftrt&esandTales,satthe elif' of his followers, the mainland.ceived a despatch from Palermo conveying t h e following important information, which confirms fully my previous letters —General Garibaldi hat sailed with fire thousand troop. None are aware of hto destination Too will receive despatches announcing his departure for Messina. Thisbalm. The maasamg aad lower grades were in many cams is erroneous. Garibaldi has most likely sailed for the rity,and the sealons patriotism of the new minister, they and all other friends of the country have the bestRnrrocu—On Sunday, Aujrust 5 , Boamn son ol James and Flrrsbeth Rtotoal.C. BinfantMaaateaemasm of Lever's wow awry, sal1lied ' a aide fer a Day " Atoo, issattfn! Ptoterm aad Talm aad miaeella-eona reading, rrim-vaasmaHABPEB 8 WEEKLY POM THIS WEEK CONTAINS the eoatssencessent of Lever » aew asory, eataued " A Rule for a Day." Also, heeuhfcl Pirturm sad Eatoa, aaa •tossMaaee—s readiaa Pnee sve centaone-eighth of a penny lower, while ether qualities were Irregular rriday's sales were 0,000 bales, theImmediately after the receipt intelligence m y correspondentofa tpossible guarantees that his Majesty's determination on this bead of cbecking notorious financial abuses will now find an honest and energetic agent.The remains have been interred in Greenwood Ceme- tery.this important Wants* also eamg dull. Flour was arm. Wheat had at- telegraphed me as follows:—" We have just beard thatABPKE'S WEEKLY P O E THTB WEEK OOMTAIMBI Id. a Id. Corn easier, but quptaitoai unchanged. The provisjon market was dull.G r e a t B r t t a i a .ThePari ataiyproceedlagsareunimportant,A had been issued for a new telegraph paay, which prapneas toTurkeytostillrichinresources,whichrequirebeing perfectandentiresaamacnonitgives.Wesavekeptital- Therelativesandfriendsofthefamilyarerespectfully"a- Prtoenveeaaapostage priesinto, aad conveyto any part o f Fngiand. gtossmadform rate of one shilling a nbeenformed,withacapitalof• of twenty w Ireland a t UKHARPER'S WEEKLY FOR THIS WEME COMTAIMB the iwmmmsm of Lever, sow story, entitled A tilde for a Day.' Also, beeat-nl Ptotnees and Tatoa a_amlsce-aaeoue reading PjdjaaiseaBBa.ABMER8 WEEKLY FOR THIS WEEK COWTAIN8ThepublicincomeofGreatBritaintortheyearending onecandoubtthatItalyisupontheeveofgreatevents. aroundRuatchuk. HebadalsonamedAliPasha,alocal gentleman of great popularity amongst th e peasantry,The Beat Manufacturing aad FamilySusawooi'.—Inthiscity,'00Friday,August3.Mtos miscellaneousreading.Pricefiveee—a CATBKRtSB JAKE SHERWOOI , aged 20 years and 20 days.SMITH—St Tarrytown, oc Monday evening, August 0, HARPER'S WEEEXT FOR THIS WERE CONTAINSIDA FRASTBS, youngest daughter of Joseph E and Mary the commencement 01 Levers new nary, eoatlec "A Jane smith. aged 4 years, 10 months and 16 days. Ride for a'Day.' Also, beauuiu: Pictures aid tales, aadThe relatives and friends of the family are invited to miseelianeoua reading. Price five cents.attend the funeral, from the Baptist church, Tarrytown, • HARPER S WEEKLY FOB THIS WEEK CONTAINS this (Wednesday) afternoon, at one o'clock, without the commencement of Levers new story entitled "AKBIT T O K HKALD, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 8, 18M<General Garibaldi had quitted Palermo with 8,000 pickedtroop, destination unknown, the Court here to in the oi doing this, nor to there a sufficient amount of enter-most constantl' in motfon, making up table cloths, aspkiaa, sheets, pillow cases, towels, be, the most oi which are very bard materials for asad sewing; but with your mat nine, m •Mad of banPlabor. B'is mere pleasure, tour Sewing Ma chine ia BOWcrmsViered aa indispensable article In this hotel.Yourswitbresaect. MHOTCHK1S8,Steward. Office ta>Broadway,Mew York.See Holmes' Photographic Cards for Pleasure and business: 21 fer SI—tae novelty of art—ai 3to aad 397 Broadway, comer Walker street.greatest agitation and fright. The King has ordered the immediate evacuation of Sicily." T ae straggle will new swsawaawMtoearnest. Garibaldi,tired,aodoubt,bythe brawls of the Sirtitans, was only tooglad to leave them to take care of themselves. Md saat one of his officers toattack Momma, or at any rate make a show of attacking that place Then b e sailed with hto volunteers, osten- sibly to aid Bixio, but really to attack the Neapolitanprise among the Sultan's own subjects to embark upon such a purpose. I learn that t h e Porte i s engaged in effectinganotherloaninEngland. Theterms aremidto be high, but trifling compared with the immediate bene fit which would rtsult to this country from being thus enabled to place its finances, once and for all, on a sound basis, and t o shake oil the yoke of its local usurious credit- ors. In the by pothecation or sale of a portion of its forest property the government has ready and ample securityyears.The friends of the fanuly, atoo the members of AreturnsLodpMo.tT4,F.A.M.,aadPilgrimLodgeNo.t«3,1.O. of O jr., are respectfully requested to attend the funeral, on Thursday sfternoon, at two o'clock, from his tote resi- dence, Me. I P Leonard streetRvAX.—On Tuesday, August 7 , o f cholera infantum, A*-K, third daughter o f Dennis aad Bridget Byan.The relatives snd friends of the family are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral, (rem the residence of her father, 535 Firm avenne, this (Wednesday) afternoon, a t two o'clock.Sirarov—On Tuesday, Aagast 7, Sous WRIGHT, son of John S. and Lavisia Sephton, aged 6 months and 7 days.Bide for a Day'COMTAIMB enttttod " A Ala-i. beautiful rVuiresaaditaaa. soddirection hadItisproposed territory. ThistoauewphaseoftheItalianquestion, tooffersuchaguaranteeasreportrefersto.Hto work the Laos oa Allan s patent.fekgianfa Conspaay announce that the ef- but by ao means an unexpected one. It is asserted that The Grand Vizier is still making an examination of the Office 606 Broadway m. Y .Msatoaarllsiiil torestoretheAtlanticcableat Millaxa, a town near Messina, the Garlhaldiaas aadthe evils which the Russian govemmeat declare existed InTurkeyinEurope. OnthissubjecttheLevantHeraldre-"CanbePaidtor la vYewktlwPayments." prteeffiO. F.nreka cetobrated Sewing Machine*. Omce *33 Broadway.Growero*Baker'sCelebrated Noiseless SewingMAchines.thebestinuseforfamilysewing.196Broad- way. Sew York, and MB Fulton street, Brooklyn.have failed. Mr. Valley, the electrician, la hto report Neapolitan troop had had two encounters, resulting in marks'—lays. by bard hauling pieces of the cable were recovered DOthtof definite, neither party having pined say deci- We learn by telegraph that his Highness the Grandto small length*, amounting ito all to seven ded advantage. At Naples things are getting on badly. Vizier was to leave Rustchiik yesterday or today. Dormiles,butthecable invariablybrakeatshort TheRoyalGuardhadattemptedtoforcetheNational inghtobaitatthattownhehadvisitedBasgradaddalld-tonce-,andItwasnecemaryatlamtoabandonthe GuardtJshout"Down with theconstitution,'1which theneighboring villages,atthewholeofwhichhein-attempt. Th? report says the iron Wire* often appearedsoaad, but on minute inspection they were found eaten was successfully resisted. It is said the King stituted the most rigorous investigation into the conductThe friends and relatives of the family are Invited tnattend the funeral, from the! residence of his parents, 68 miaeeLaseeus reading. Price five tents.away ana rotten The gutta perchn bad oopper wire were has resolved upon the dissolution ef the Royal Guard. of the several mudirs and other agents-of the government.a s g o o d a s w h e n l a i d d o w n , t ' o r t i o n s w h i c h w e r e w r a p - T h e p e o p l e s h o w n o c o n f i d e n c e i n t h e o f f e r s m a d e A m o n g s t o t h e r m a t t e r s b e h a d b u n t e d d o w n , a r r e s t e d L a r M . W e b s t e r « V C o . ' i I m p r o v e d T i g h t ped with tatred yarn were sound, the tar and hemp hav- by the King, and wait impatiently for some and executed the tomous brigand Karabotak, who had sttlch Sewing Maehtaaa, at 100 Broadway.ing preserved the iron wires bright aad free from rust. substantial proof of a change of governmental policy. No for some months past been the terror of the countrytive of Ireland, Sged 44 yearsH i s f r i e n d s a r e r e s p e c t f u l l y i n v i t e d t o a t t e n d t h e f u n e -ral, from bis late residence, No. 6 Mulberry street, thto (Wednesday) afternoon, at ope o'clock.miscellaneous readme !'n»- va cent -H A R P E R ' S W E E K L Y F O R T H L - W E E K C O NY a I N S the commencement of Lever's new eterv, eati-ed A Ride ;..-_ I);»v Also, beautitul Ptetures aad Tales, -ooMachines to the world, at I. M. 8INOKE A CO.'S, 468 Broad- June 30 was £T1,416,000, sad the expenditures £70, The landing of Garibaldi upon the territories of Francis calmakam of the district of Rasgrsd. From an excellent way. ^•04J00 II. or Pins iX. will cause an intense agitation throughout source we learn that, up till the present, his HighnessMr Lever bad withdrawn trom the direction of tue ual the whoie peninsula. He will be tomed by thousands of has not received one single report of grave complaint The Champion Belt Ia Ours —Dr. J.tmyUne. volunteers, and then must come the struggle between nim from the Cbrtotian population of the districts passed BOY_'. HOP'S Imp«i_ Wine Bitter* are umversully ac- knowledged to be superior to ali oihers now before th<- public,The American hones at the Goodwood races were meet - and Austria, which struggle France so deprecates. The through: yet Bulgaria is one of the richest fields out of beins eotnpooed ot Harberrr, Spikenard. Wild Cherr-Tree sag with 01 success Mr. Ten Ursack's Magg»m aad Emperor Napoleon well knows that Garibaldi, with a few which the Russian inducers of tho government have Bark, Camomile Flowers. Gentian Solomon's Seal, and Com Satellite ran secead for the Steward's Cap aad Goodwood drawn the oiwramina of their charges of systematic frey. They »n the best remedy known for Incipient ConStake*, respectively Tae tomatosp Cup, for which thousand undisciplined volunteers, cannot long hold out cruelty to, and oppression of, the rayahs. Most of the Bunu'tiot. We&k L.ua_> IKspepsia, Indigestion. Debility,Kide for a Day.'' Also, besuuiui Picture* and Taiea, aad miscellaneous readme Price eve cents.HARPER'S WEEKLY FOR THIS WKEK CONTAINS the commencement01" Levers aew story entitled "A Ride for a Day.' Ala». ho-untoi Ptetures and Tales. -aJmiscellaneous reading. Price Sve eenti.HARPER S WEEKI.T FOR THIS WEE« CONTAINS Lb- commeneemt: t of Lever » aew story entiued "A RldeforaDay.' Also bes-.itilt:Picturesan:Talesaad mifceilsneous reading. Price eve cent*.ARPER'S WEEKLY FOR THUS WEEK CONTAINSSiarke was a great favorite, was to be ran tor the after against the immense military resources of Francis Joseph,evils with which the Grand Vizier has had to deal haveNervous Disease. l';_ra.yaia, rites, ami ail cases re«r:!nnst H tonic. For .or , threat, so common among the ciergy _nd other public sneakers, it acta Ike a charto Aa a lx>v«-nigt- 1nagjr-nt activity for the 4yraa expedition, which is Stated at to .000 men, besides artillery and) cavalryto above brought them to their senses, sad they agreed to furnish ships. The Jforweae I'ett, the ministerial organ, publishesatomesortofanapologyforsodoing,sadthe English icnraals all speak of relief for the persecuted Christians; but these same Christians might be killed amiles from Beyrout, where 8,000 are already collected. A Maronlle chief, Jossuf Kerram, from near Btsherny, has broughtwithaimtwo orthree pieces offieldartillery, and hundreds of bis men are armed with the Mini* rifle, kindly supplied by the French.fying and preserving the skin, ito Broadway. forRashton's MildAperientor Anti-Billic puis, with directions. Ho. 10 Astor Bouse aad 117 Broadway.ryrj<)T_f»_io WOUrTPSPURK COGNAC BKAirpT.IsrporM aad bottled by btoaietf, warraated pure sad the amN a p l e sNothing sew has transpired ire to Garibaldi's thousandtimesoverereEagtondwould haveactedwith-recommen-i-gto the public Ur .1 HOSTETTEBS CKLE- qnahty,withhiseertifloate onthebottle,andtosasalpaIto BBATMDBITTRRSforthecureof thatmasttemotoandto-Advices from Syria are tc Jury T. There is 'aothing -freak,butaflhirswerestttiThe Druses s a d Bsdonias, returning to Pones»of the Porte.Gov. Foote. of Mississippi; Dr. Foley, of Louisiana: CH-Morse,Esq,ofNewOrleans,andE.T.Moore.Esq.,of North Carolina, are stopping st the Fifth Avenue Ho- Shepherd Mr .loiv Powixors. of Milwaukee, to Mtos J a n telJ R. STAFFORD'SIRON ANI> SVLPHCB POWDEBS •re»solublepreparationofironaadsulphur,idenUcaiwtta thst extring in the bkxxi ot a perfectly heathy per*i_. Ua_.thtog astoy a*TTOi-aidmma ef ayrto.t accord., Piessis oeaaaaaed to act East. I have beenmuch interested in the present coeds ef aU the great Powers, ftsg tton of the Ottoman government, about which «> muchEKJ. eldest sou of Joan Bell, late ol Millval, county of PF FTof grosslylie treasury in hat harem, and of allowing htoIBthepnb-at twoa short Uiaem,4. & EEAJPtrBY Mo. « Maidea toss WATr2_sTIjr THE WORLD1 >to1HARPERS WMMtXT FDR THMthe 1 neiisHinsssat of Lever's_«*wJUte for a Bwv." Alio. aWn_uf PtecrwTawi Tales, as*Ownaa Paaha, late Chamberlain of the palace, and into whose management o f the imperial accounts an inquiry , while was recently instituted, baa, in Ofsawqueace of still later qualiffcs were very irregular. The sales of Friday and more mwMtwtoj, investigations, bean degra led bom hto rank, deprived ef the whale ef his property, and ex. iledtoBrousa,whitherbewentonMondayevening.The toss mmcki., therefore, to now merely a simple Agha, with. out rank, office, or worldly goods. The exercise of similar discipline upon one—if not two—other personages whom we could name, would have the happiest economic efjact, and be beard of with lively satisfaction both here and onDT A CO., Managers cf the rooDTtoiand the middling and1„'d under the prices of theries), «3, 6, 18. 9, n, 8, 6€, 16, at. J.3, 69, 5 , 43. late reaideace. 92 OathanacCiday) ware 8,000 batos, todndtog 2,000ton aad tor export, the market dosing dulL The M - towing are the authorized quotations.—to Calvaryj^\,which1414,000areAmerican. <TATEOfTKJLDE1J*MAKCHnTlB.On Saturday a council of the whole of the ministers was held at the palace under the presidency of the Sultan, bees invested with the most ample powers not only to Spence & Co. report flour arm at Tuesday's advance. when Rtis Majesty entered atgreat length, and with unu-r Pbotograpbs »nd riagnerileo Unrivalled Pictures oafy. XZ: BroadwayJoasso* -On Friday, August S, at Morristown, N. J ., Norfolk (Va.) papers please Copy.JSOOtlC* rpiwad T •XCemeteryforinterment.Limerick papers please copy.Brain —On Tuesday morning, August 7, Ktnu A » ,widow of Ssmucl Hurry, formerly ol Philadelphia, aged 7P vearsThe relatives sad friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend her funeral from the residence of her sonWilliamMarry,Me.7WestThirty-fourthstreet,oa Thursdaymorningathalfpastnineo'clockexplored. It does not, however, possess either the meansinformed that the funeral will take place on Thursday..urther notice.SPRCVG.—In this city, on Tuesday morning, August 7,SrsA.v, wife of Kev Gardiner Spring, aged 72 years.The funeral will take place on Thursday afternoon next, at three o'clock, from the Brick Church, corner of Thirty- seventh street and Fifth avekue. The attending clergy, military organization shoald have placed her upon such venture to predict, will be the case throughout. The WIDDITIELD A CO., Proprietors, 78 WUliaiu street, N Y. the pall bearers and the relatives of the deceased will as-aad Prance does not desire to enter againbeen cases of brigandage, and such sets of misgovern-noon the Canadian left Liverpool.The amlliei had besa anarovmc < taroachoat England the lists in favor of Italy. What the Empe- ment cm the part of functionaries as fall about squally on is pure, wholesome an<t delicious to the taste I'b.&icianB* w * w ^ ^ ^ I M W ^ a^^^m wr~^w»w» i w * w v *# w wawga p wwaw^wwjsmwwa^waw a^^oiaaawawM < but sunshine was much wanted for she crops. The 'vest wai> expected to be three weak,rThe Knglah government had decided to despatch a comleamoftelegraphicapparatustoChina.withwirestolaid in the districts occupied b y f e e British forcesThe London Cnreaaek reports that say difficulty which may have interfered with t•ladatoae s ramamiag to theCabinet has bean overruled.ror wtobe? to, that she shoald wait until a thoroughthe Christian and Mussulman population. And such, w e throufihout the UnitedKta'e* us*- it m their pr_ctu.e. CHAS.astothemainteaaoceofpaaeebetweenthetwonations. TheEmperor,attheeleventhhour,hadpostponedhiscxatemu .ated visit to the camp at CpahmsThe Paris Bourse had bean depressed, but on tbetfthPowers at eace. Russia, of course, acquiesced. Eagtond hemmedandhawed,battoaoavail:she, sa I know positively, received a curt notice that she most at once decide whether she would act with France in the matter. Then came oat the fact that she had nouponthousandsofChristians,has,withthesanctionof theMaromtePatriarch,summonedalltheChristiansin the merely Maromte districts (that is to the north of the Dog river) to rally round the standard of the Cross,afootiag that she would be enabled to take care of her- self. BatGaribaldibides noetherman'stime. Heat- tacks s t oaee. Up to the present his star has been m the ascendant; let us hop tt amy continue to shine as bright ly as ever, now that he has again resumed hto great work of freeing Italy.reports received from his Highness describe the state of the c r o p , nearly a ll through from Varna, a s unusually excellent,owingprincipallytotherecent^bundantirains.1shall sddress you, menfm detail, some accounts from the seer of thecivil war existing in Mt. Lebanon, between the Druses and Maroaites. Here, the Porte attributes it wholly to foreign interference, and is doing all it can toSold by druggists generallyEmpire Spring TONS. 1" Arior House aiWater at g 417 Broadway.F.V.&aai.-semble at her late residence. 13 West Thirty-seventh street, a t half past two o'clock P . MSwasmsv.—OnTuesday,4ngnst7,atherresidence.No. 219 East Eighteenth street, sfter a long and lngertng sickness. Mrs Axss SwnxtY, aged €4 years.The frtenls of the family,and also those of her brother, John Burke, are respectfully requested to attend her fu neral, thto (Wednesday):afternoon,at half-past twoBeforeclosingtolaletter1mostgiveyousomedetailsof arrestit. Thefollowing extracts from aBeyroutletter Letters from Paris my thatLordPalmerstoo'sspeech theexpedition f> Syria that is at oncetotakeplace. willshowthepresentconditionofailairsthere.—on English national defences had treated a great seaaa- France sends from twenty five to thirty thousand troop. The Maronite Bishop Torbeca, the chief instigator of the t-ua.ThesamewritersmythatsennasalarmwasGelt She made known her resolve to the great cruelstrugglewhichhasbroughtsuchunmitigatedmiseryBau-helor's wigs, Tompaea and Hair o'clock.Dye have improvement* anrpasamg all others, natural aad WKLLR—On Friday, Juiyj 80, oc board the steamshipthe commencement ef Lever s aew story, eoliued "A Rldefor a Day." Atoo, beauidul Pictures and Tatoa, aad mistellaneousreadinr" Pricefivecents.HARPER'S WEEKLY FOR THI> WEEK CONTAIN-: the commencement ot Lever's new story, entitled A li;J"1TaDa-'Aho.besutifIPicturesandTales.saJ mlsce'Uneousreading. PricefiveceruaHARPERS WEEKLY FOR THIS WEEK CONTAINS the connaem-emeiit of I_rrer'a new star;, eabued "A K use for & Day Also, beautiful Pictures and Tales, anamiscellaneous reading. Price Lve ceuts.HECKERS' F AB1NA JELLY—A DELICIOU8 DKSSETtT, and the best substitute for animal :ood, enriches the tables ot the Astur Hr ,>e. and al! the principal aHioc-s becser^Farina Boilers to preven: buming or scorchug. Jeily Mo'ilts, r.t various sizes, forma aad patterns fur sale at the set.-: ties' ment. No. 5 new Csuai btreet, near Eus: Broadwayr IS SELDOM THAT WE NOTICE ANTTHINO IN * medical line, nor would we now unless w e coild be con- vinced that we are not doing tyor dut- as a journalist, taeasy;perfect_,notamingupbehind.No.16Bond1Wigs'Wigs:Clirehughs IUastve Wigs, with his new unstaiaable seams, stand pre-eminent. 290 Broad- way. uortheast|coruef 01 Bleade street, opposite Stewart's.Hilt's Hair Dye SO tents, Black or waswarlikeramors,aadstatesthatallthenavalofficers landwillfurnishtheships. TheEmperorNapoleon,as cometotherescueoftheirvanquishedcoreligiontots,snd l-rown—Depot1tUrcuystreet,andaUdruggists. Inimitableoa furlough bad been ordered to report themselves with In the aflbir of the Crimea, will again get the credit of all to measure their swords with the Druses in attoastone hair cuitutg.oat delay. The aavai reserve had been catted out. The that is done. Be acts at once, and forces England to do more mortal struggle. Thousands have responded to theFrench fleet m the Mediterranean isito beraised to twenty so likewise, m spite of her eftsrts to the contrary. The call, and are pouring in from the north. The principal Beautiful Complex ion.—Laird's I_iq tid sail of the line. Military preparations go on with un- Palmerstonian Ministry hung back, but the message I reier place of assembly is in the village of Beckfeyn, about five Pearl has achieved a celebrity as haTin* no equalKangaroo,whennearLiverpool,Mr.JosxiiiCWELLS,late ofthiscity.WOOSTJK—VniTuesdaytaornin;,Aupust7.attheEast ern Hotel. Captain KOKSBT WOOSTEB. of East port Maine. late commander C. schooner J. L. Bowman, aged 07 years.Hto remains have been sent home.there was a partial recovery, rentes! closing at 081. 06.AcorrespondentoftheLoeconHaroldindulgesinvari- soldierstospare:soFranceasadsthe soldiers,and Eng- givemuchfortheliberties of theGreek Christ.an-) toAtki: ,»• Parisian Tooth Paste Ar- movement*. The Kiag of Sardinia i received the Nee- out the pressure of France, The English tear what I The Druses, on their part, seeing the revived combina- rests Decav of Teeth snd cleanses them tnoroughly. Atoork.jthink is likely—France will occupy Syria. and continue to tion against them on the part of the Maroaites. madean Coso as long as she pleases The fact is, once she gets appeal to their coreligiontots residing in the plains of theBUSHTON S.Trusses.—Dr. Marsh Continues to Apply bis radical cure Tram with success In the treatment of Hernia. Trusses. Supporters, Shoulder Braces, Suspension Bandages, silk elastic Stockings, Belts, Bathing Trusses and all surgical appliances applied. A lady in attendance in the female de- partment. No. 2 Yssey street, Astor House, opposite St. Paul's church. ^Within the last Fortnight 5.0OO Boxes of HOLLOW A1 'S PMB hare been retailed to persons suffering from diarrhoea and bawei complaints. Their action on these disordersisimmediateandpositive,andtheynevertailofef- fecting a decided and radical cure.•M a r r i e d . CAMSRDW—SXSDBCOR.—<>n Tuesday. August 7, by theRev. S D. Burchurt, D D., HKHHT W. CAMS_IDK.\ to EMILY SXDSCOK. both of this city..(.KXK-NK—HB.'LY —«;n Monday. August C.it the Charch of the Holy Cross, forty second street, by the Rev. Path er Egac. Mathew, J. GRSE.NE, Esq., of Pittsburg, Pennsyl- vania, to Miss EIABS C , daughter of Daniel Mealy, Esq., of this city.H M»—^TOS> —In this city, on Tuesday, August 7. by Rev. J. S. iaskip, Mr. Jotor Hvsnt to Miss SARAH EUZABXTH f-Toss. all of this citytal oi ali dtosasea—fever sad ague. From our own exwaii itoew-tosttoapessti we can safely say that tor'of the above nature it staads without* rival It susancehassaved many afellow being from aprematura grave. Every day we hear of Us cooquennz tn<- worst csaes 01 fever and ague. To those who are in the toast sBaeted aim aay of the complaints aria—g frost an irregularity of the digestive orgaas. nothing sen be more beneSeal than thews Bitters. We caeerfnUy recommend them to the thousands ta thishtate. vho are sufieneg the most mienee pain, as s eeru__ curefortheirIlls. Trythem,andbeeoavutcedot thou-msar exreUent ^qnalmea. For sale by dnfpists aad dealers geae- rally everywhere.T R.KTAKFOBDSOLIVETAB.WHF> OLIVE TAR is ISHALED IU> heslmg h-lssmie odors are brought u. direct contscl wah the lining aiemtiraaes<X the Throat. Bronchi-1 Tubes, arid all the Air Cefis of the Longs, acusvist, AT o>o. any pamor opprtanrsi, aad aesatog a o j irntatiou or inSsmmatioB. . _,WHO OLIVK TAJI 1.- TASS:S cro* SOCAS U ferstesa aneq-ai-led aootlun" and healing syrup for Coups and a_ TJaroa. LHs-B*WHES OLIVF TAE B ArruBn IU mageetic er eoaeentratedcurative power, rende^u a ^ « ^ % ^ «**« Olive Tar is not sticky—does not dawoior.t i r r r C'SJITS A ROTTU.,At 44S Broadway, New Tort, and by all aragtoato.Seethe Orange Blosstea Envelope,satin tieforcards, TinYEn ITIUZI A>DPuctrr TaxBLOODpohtan ambassador.The l~moea Ttssa, alledmg to the attempted armistice,says that Garibaldi is not the man; to retract his steps. sad that it is gvnarelrv believed that the Kiag of Naples will, before many weeks, iscpasl Um list of exiled princesM. slUloro, who commanded the revolutionists in 1849, but * t > recently foreign mssrppsm] a t yueenatowu. h a s gone to torn Garibaldi.Marema do to Greca to Pans to to bring about a compro other Powers, aad that Spain will rank as the sixth great at Bur Elias, within an hour of Zachte. They had a skir- Power. Not long after the recognition of this standing.matbywhichtheKingofNapleswouldacceptthere- youwillfindSpamdemandingthatEnslandahoildcede mishwiththeZachliotesonThursdaythe14th,drivingsult ef a universal suffrage in Sicily, should the Western Powers guarantee the integrity e f h i s dominions o n t h emaiatoad aad prevent Garibaldi from landing there.r/DOLPHo woi_rraPURE PORT WINX.Imported andbottled byMsasslf,putupformsatotosJwto. withhtoeertiflesteeatoebotUs; warrsatod pure sod the baathirtythousandtroops there,shewillremain mistressof Houran, near Damascus. These are the redoubtablethe position. England fears now an entente between Russia and France, and well may she fear such a result.Druses to the number of 3.00Q who held at bay for months 46,000 soldiers of the army of Ibrahim Pasha with twenty- four pieces of artillery, and finished by entirely defeating snd almost exterminating the entire corps i'armee-, 800 alone escaping to tell the tale and returning crest fallen to Damascus under Menekli Pasha. They were a tquality.TORE importedaudboU-odbyYou will have noticed that the Emperor Napoleon bad pro-posed 10 the other great Powers of Europe that Spain beadmitted as a great Power also. Of course no oppositioncan be oSered to such a proposal. England does not like it. Hmbeya on the 12th, instant, 2,600 strong. The1rnx):WOLFTPe W7NEmeastoePortWOLPr/8 ELBA WINEA Tuna Ssspstch of the _«Ui bay? the mission of the I think she will have to act in unison, however, with the Arabs are following. Their advanced posts area totter from any ot the aador.audthe Pope had refused to adopt deU by the French Ambas- are forced onbald: might suddenlytaken, except by the fire of cannon, which the Druses have not.Gibraltar. The tact to, the Emperor Napoleon wishes thesupremacy of the Mediterranean, and by hook or bycrook he will oust England. Please bear in mind these not pretead to say what the upshot of their attack on remarks they will be verified perhaps sooner than I ex- '/achle may be; if defended by brave men it shoald not bepect on self.Six o*Cu)cc P. M. I have just received the following despatch from Palermo;—The Garibaldians now occupy Miltozo, the Neapolitangarrison o f that place having retreated.This was no doubt the result of the King's order thatSicii> be at once evacuated by the Neapolitan troops. Of coarse I give that news with due reserve, having just re- ceivedthedespatch.Oar CoiistatmUuoplr Correspomdeuie. Ctamnujrrmot-ut, July 0,1800.nteb'ry tf Om Ottoman Anpir-—Pntpeci of Improvewent—Chancier and Penmal Appmrtmee e / f s * StU-well known.Me baa abeam great gepotomity sad a deterBon. Charles Sumner returned to Boston frofo bto trip toNasBwan.aatB^htfdaykwt J•fcCoVssent though bis own subjects amy sc of profuse expenditure aad prodigal-,ty to these my be .bat shewn any trtotofcrnettyoriajwtotoc.pmiaaliy Feeble to (tame of s timidity sarprtomg in an absolute calculated to same in public rvereigns are to dense by the brfilatoeyaf their JadfmeeAand to dim is bis, Cum 187, Ancsar 7, MPU, 16. 8, 26. 17. 43, *b\37— w e w - - - - - - - -1 1BTOMACH WILLIAM,though if the Maroaites got the ascendancy. I would notthem back with loss. They must now be investing Zachle. With them are 2,000 Druses o f the Anti-Lebanon. I willPersonalHon. Robert McLane, United States Minister to Mexico,is stopping at the New York Hotel.Hon. Anson Boriingame, o f Massachusetts, at the Aster House.i s stoppingFor sale by allIreasPpeacatabtoletoarag^wad -TJDOLPHIBole manufacturer aad Importer of too Schnapps. Mo- » Beaver a r e aAT W_fl>LSSAIJ5.-SEG4ABK FROM Si TO SAU- CASH buyers are otlered great mducemenu,•f O.CHEEKS.17Broadway.Intelligence.PoKTBocs—BjTCHgt.—-Is this city,bytheRevDr. RiTCHiv.,of Edmburg, ScotlandJudgeShipman, of (Stamford, Conn-: B Bertran, Esq.,A.Minard,Esq.,and Mr.MeDunn,allofNewYork,are Died.stopping at the Laion Place Hotel. BALER—On Tuesday. August 7, EUXABKH Baxxa, wi-W. Elliott, Esq.,sad family of South Carolina; J . W. Gar- dow of the late Wm. Baker, sged 60 years.I ' T ~AT ETEBDELL'S WEDDING CARD> MOTES, aC. 10: with the digested food,9s> PasBXT Bmtain of to-day (Wednesday) willswto a fall report of tae rreceeamp of tae AmenosnScientific AssocialioB, to samran st Newport, Letters lP .k.i from ftorCorrespondents to difirreet parts of theCdua- Uy,allssaringmoreortornopen tee approachingPresi-deatial Question; Am Account ef the Prcrrew of thePrince o f Wales throagh the British North Assertosn Pos-CKITSD8TATMB AMD MUJLOt rr attaam received at the office, northwest corner of Fultontenoeacy to trmaeas notwithstanding the discouragingaccountsfromParistheinigisisilweathertortheingextractfromoneofthepapersofthecttv,willservesndNassaustreets.NewYorkSinglecopiesforsaleatakentoCalvaryCemetery. s-ecellaneoasreadmg.PlittSeeceamto show the severity with which the Sultan has punished the conater and b y all news agents Advertisements in him. If thesame course was followed bythe governG t i i t s s — A t Aspinwali. N ew S n JulyZs,Dr.Joaa GAUABX, i*i*eoo-in-Chief ofPs-HAMPER'S WEEKLY POM THt* WEEK CONTAIN* the commencementof Levers aew morr,eattues"A lUde for a Day." A a a . beaudfel Pictures aad Tales, aadnteeave eeeas.HAMPER'S WEEKI.T F O B THTB WMET TOWT At!*- thecommencement of Levers new story. eo-Uee - a Rioefor a Day" Also, beautiful Pictures and Tale*, aad mtocelisaeeos roadiua Pain See reamHAMPER'S WEEKLY FORTHIf WEEK fV>VTAI|BiJ toe mammammemof levers new etorj',putle4 "A Ride, for a Day." Atoo- seaattful Pictiirea and Tales aa« aabsatoiaaam rrsdani PrtoeSTeeeonkARPER'8 WEEKLY FOR THD! WEEK CONTAIN** the cammssaaamm ef -Le-er'a aew ate—>. eatri«e - Amde for a Day. Atoo, Psasaw. HHtores aad taiea aad satoBeMaaasasreadlag. Pricetowceata.HAMPER'S WWJEXLY FOR THfB WEEK r^WTATST- the coBU-eneemeiit of Lex-er'» aew alor, eetu. -,i A Bide for n Day. Also, beautiful Pirtnrea aoct T .rt __j BuaeeUa-eona reading f'nee five seamWOODAM sxrrooxv AXV snasotrsi STATEDaxAwaaa Cut??Mo.971,Avcoar7,HP.53, 15, 19. 60, 6w. 41, 4*, 20. 66, a*. 16, 2.Circulars sent free of charge by addressing either to WOOK EDDV A CD., Wilmington. Delaware. Or to WOOD. EDDY A CO., 8L Louis. Missouri.(shirt*! .Shirts:: Six for **. MadefromthebestWamsnttaaadwatertwistmusUn.—XXTZA Ciam, No, SIX Asemn 7, U K .The friends si "funeral this (Wednesday >Brill CkBalling's Portrait Gallery-.204i Wham square.FirstclassPhotographsinwatercolorsorIndiaink.Oil Paintings. Daguenentape* and IvorytypecPlain Phutograpba SI.Wheeler4aSewlnp machines.the commetcement ot Lever's aew atorv. entitted ~A Kicefor a Day. ' Also, beaatiial Ptetures aad Taiea, and miscellaneous readme Price five centHARPERS WEEKLY FOR THIS WBBK^ CONTAIN* the cosomeaeement of Lever's oVw story, e'•_: •-•! •• A Ride fer a Day.' Also beautiful Pietarasabd Taiea. aadBilliard Palace. 1* Tables Conn and RemPatentChampionFire a n dABPEB S WEEELT FOR T B B WEBE COMTAORCriatadoro's Hair Dye, Wigs and T on- pees, the best in the world, wholesale and retail aad the dye privately applied. So 6 Astor House.HFPFFFPFFFFPPP rett. Esq., of Baltimore: Thomas Hooks, Esq., snd lady, The relatives and friends of the family, also the Lady FFFFFFPFFFFFPtmm—Vmt to a Jfoayu*—Ueform—Crmtion tf a -V*ic theexpeditionwereprogressingia<#ce—TktOimlWartoSyria—TheMmomtescmdofEngland,andJ.Adger,Esq.,andfamily,ofCharlesWashingtonChapterD.0A.andRuthsndNaomiLodge,FFFF PiIOSIAPAC-ACE.sa a •rrand scale.It is messled by the Para OsaafiitiitisseJ that a per •By p a d uadssaaaadiag prevailed an the qaestton be- feas Prance and lngtoad but she Parti norrsspsswsstIke laaami lwaei pomttovly asserts that there is aoton, are stopping at the St. Nicholas Hotel order of Good Sisters, ire respectfully invited to attend the R. C Campbell, Esq., of Texas W . H. Pheip, Es.,.,of funeral ton Thursday afternoon, at t w o o'clock, fromFT FF FFFFFPPFFFAt Ho. 442 Broadway.- New York, and by all druggists PaaiTlA* SYRCF.PtaSTJYlAM tTMOP, PERCYIAM BTEIJP PERUYIAM SYRCPPBXyrtCTED* BOLDTIONPROTOIILVt OP IEOF PROTOIIDl OF LtOF OM-BlirED. COMBINEDCores all Jnesen a r t DI8OBDERED DIQESTIOjr,BAD STATE OPJOT BLOOD.GIT A FASTPHLMTOmmtoa-g a fell saaaaat af this saama into^sssswaas, waBYon will naturally expect to bear trom me s p i n from to connection with existing occurrences to theConnecticut A. M. Blackshaw, Esq., of Georgia, and D. Dunn, Esq.,of Now Orleans, are stopping at th<a LaiargeCot, GadohB, of the Russian army. J. B. Champlm, of Louisiana. E. G. Leonard. Esq., of Cincinnati T Bread-the WLUett street Methodist Episcopal church.BXLL.—On Taesdsjy morning, August 7, at a . Lake's Hospital, in the 21st veer of hto age. WOXIAK ATKIHHOKFFHis friends and ftose of hto family are invited to at- partmn ami tommlVsace.proba has been sad to still being said, within the United States beat. Esq., of Baltimore, and Col. Freeman, of Texas, are tend the funeral services at the chapel of St. Lake's Hos-PFFFof Btosatol asmanwi.the orderforthe ofawto bad been seat to the coastas well as to Europe. I s m surprised at the erroneoussstaaaws pat apaa its vitality aad mesas of continuingJI existence for yeamtooome. It tocertaialy very weak. Providence: Dr. Ctymer and wife, of Philadelphia A.pital, Fifth avenue and fifty-fourth street, this /Wednes- day i morning, at half past ten Vciock.Belfast sad N«wry papers pi* a_>- copy)'•• a*..**- —Oti MSJbday, August 6, PBBK BtacMB, Sged It years, 5 mouths and 7 day..ABEWBronasean.Ksq . of Louisiana E. M. Benjamin, Esq., of aad mean rednosd by the disease ef a late war, which Paris, A. M. Bugneman, Esq., and family, of South CeroJ^ZSSSSs.Mtoteenrted \MwrayefEgypthadptoeedhisthreateneditsanntMlatVw,batittorecoveringfromitstina:G.VamCleef,Esq.,ofNewY/orkHughJUm:i:on. Thefuneralwi'IfakeplaceattheNorthBaptistchurch,1 at ti^n-^ toeswtoaf tTpwatsh tae Prases.prepared be carrtod oat The part eEsq., of England: a. Tamberlick. of Washington, aad R corner c'Ctristopber and Bedford streets, this (Wednes- sutrriap,aadto using remedies which, though vtoteni Alexander, of Cincinnati, are stopping at the Clarendon day,) afternoon, at three o'clock. The relatives, friendswffl, if perserated to, result in renewed sadstreafth. The present aunaners of the Sultanhave anally informed him of the peamy to which th reduced; he fnHy somprenends the form, and he has turned all his attention to the rebjec**- T h e good nature, kind- of character a a d coattdiag nature of Mm anitaa areHotel.Judge Carleton, of Philadelphia W. L Bliss, Esq.,'Ofand' acquaintances of the family are invited to attend without further invitation.^"^^uanMSTonTSBam CORES OK h From asm of the bajbsM staadtog to M sstopping at the Metropolitan Hotel.Lewis Cam, Jr., of Washington, A. Duncan, Esq., ofBALXP INTEOJfMDP*aS_Ow*<AAlabama ;S McKee, Esq., of Cinctenat: General Brace an! daughters, of New York; Mr. Castillo and wife, otCaxaraas.—On Tamrtiy, August 7, at her residence, 113 i^Sdd?boST uaaerti-anapwa. WaavPt-j*f"*-rad by t^fc*M|Sfc t pa, jWMBg'p: JMWMfTt_E P Scott, Esq., ef Georgia, are stopping at the EversttWashington street, UAESLLACaammw, the beloved wife of Patrick Crennen *Her friends are respectfully requestsd to attend the funeral, from the above number, this (Wednesday) sfter- noot.. s t two o'clock Her remains will b e taken to Cai vary Cemetery for 10termeat.Ovimuux —Oa fiaaday. August 5, Wrxxian B. sua. son ef Job* T. and late Susan Oanterman, years and 7 atontba-The relatives sjsd friends ef the family sad those 0. his brothers. Phlttp H. Charim C aad James M, atoo members and ex members of Fnceeix Horn Cossaeay NoAao.tsepa-ofjM0/ owr B TJ^Jo ^ h T D |trade trepphed onHavana, A. de Meir, Esq., of South America, pPer into by ailFERtTTIAM BY ACP (PEOTOIIDR O PGets pampbtotiWATCHES AND JEWELRTOf aUdeee , falver aad PlatedPans Fans, Card Pt^tew-noatea. i-uuec TrsveUaaFor ask by UROR«AF. C. ALLEN 'turer wboie<*_> -ad retail. No. t l iCans: ativet. formerly B o . 11 Wall wreet J. . ,• r- r'.eaaer* aad repawed a Uto PM _m- -a__ueocT»—'CO.tWe are saw taaklag, JirttlMi<:t excepuon. the be*-. SAFEever offered to the public. Our S»f« - preserve th»r cootenii.when ssbesp to hr> re the beu Buinoer. aadou: nl'KULAK65. SO, 11,'~£^2<?m, S*.^"?!15C,11 tS. sndmembersandex-membersoftoteBunkerBuianAES-VDtMIK EXT-SMTMATOA-rMCPOT 513 oppositeBt.NicholaBHotel.NewYork BeMaaagara, Whawatpam, DeiawaBjwtoT^smCHEAPEwT nrSPRANCB IN THE WORLD.__,Armagh. Ireland. FFFTgmeMo. 34. sad the Tire Ltoprtmeai to geaeral, are re- spsettaily mnted to attend the teaafX,tnm hto tote residenri, N o 47 Merfolk street this (Wadneadsy) after noon, a t three o'clock.CaasoLL.—Oa Teeesnj, August 7, after a long aad p i nUntitled Documentfttl tiiness, Jomr Caaaou, a native of Drama, Limerickof "Costar'awtawaat wa*ABaANOKMENTS wm.CABBT THJ>ALL SOOTH AMD OKNTRAL AMKRICA,TO CTTtA.o'dork. from his tote fratospt frtoadsof theJamtlyare respectfally invttod to Cttend, without further netico. I THE OKLT rOPULAE BPAStSCars have Booth fcrry tar fsmitos, p W A M. aad j_aa»THE BEBT ADTEETLSIEO MTDf.MsraattMt ;Msatpkmwtto ppers ptoase copy.thisctty oaTniBitSTaftrrneoa Aorost7w»aeTM w*>*j 1 **aa t w t w w * ' w*aaw . aew^Bsa* sstsatav* Foaoics Baaxxa, totoat s e a of E. Ofdaa aad Mstette tfioremus. The1saswtosjsadtotoadaoffcke'tomiryaresssfaatgsaWinTlUdtoatteouthefnaeral.fromNo TOUaion place oc taandsy starooon, at list pel tea o'etoek, without far ther notice.'Lawn.—At Morrtsania, oc Monday, August 6, FvBRrrrBrooklyn Photographs—WlUianmeem'a KuraAXK, youngest child of Wm N.Jr.. and Jenny W. HARPER'S WEEKLY FOE THIS WEEK CONTAINSinvited to attend the furnersl from" the residence of hto misceUaneona readtag. Prise Sve eeota< 111111HLIAS,—On Tuesday, August 7, JAHH R. RTAS, sged 41 TTARPER 6 WEIKLT POM THISROSA.—At Newburg, on Tuesday, August 7, Mrs. NASCTthe conuneneement ct Lever's aew awry, eatt-ed A aide for a Day." Atoo, beauitinl Pieteres aad Tales,aaaW.llettstreet,this(Wednesday)afternoon,attour H0clock. ARPER"8WEEKLYFORTHISWEESCONTAINSthe commencement of Levers sew story entitled "A SHKXIXT—On Monday, August 6. EDWAXD SHELUT. , a na- Ride for a Day. Also, i<eautitul Pictures an- Tales aadALog Winea and Uquora. all imported by the subscriber for pit vate and sssdtotoal use:— JAre respeetf _Uy Invited to call aad ssasstos the followfor private sad SM Importedandbottledby fortaletothetoadstoInae. the heat wise eirer offei Thia wise ts warranted perf1TTDOLPMO WOLFXf* PtTRl jaAICA BUM,BT CROIX BUM, SCOTCH AMD IBI3H AUoftheaboveImported andbottledby pure aad the boa qnahty.Pkystotoas who am Wtam should give the preference toLtaworsf>'>-attf»Broadway. [BALLOCSTHETIarABT EWKBUYTOTHE NKVOCSStrrea. THETIMIWIAIIvacLiu:..T»!rvST«EW6THt_l THE DlGE-TTOIf.THET REI.LLATT THK 8_CKCTIOAS or rati BcvrASP ARE A SrECUTC EOS Ali. FEMALE W_A-a_M_..KJ BnprjEEEXISTC IM THB OOTKTBT"* -"Ajrs INStETED ON MOO-MATE T tOrrtoMo.StAaaS-ass-. T7EOL-SH WATCHES.TEAPaa—TBD F B IwPrise SveCOWTAIX* 63, 19, 4,15, 1, 43, Sw, 63. tt), 1 1 J L 54. 3 4 H0DGB&WTB* §2^-,,county. Ireland_ friends of his sons, PatncPROOF SAFE det*> the wt-rw Any one _bout ^mtic-aee v . requeued to call «nd eirsmrn*' fe>r "thetii«e.veaTheretotiveaaadMichaei, '"best Safe for t*e ieai'i mooei:* we arte tae STKARN" A *!ARTThomas M. Tryniski309 SouTIN )>9.HiBroadwayicornercWort-a NewYork.th 4tFulton New York 13069h StreetWuiaan, as , are respactfaJj tsntod tosUesA tae fane- www.fultonhistory.com 