 >uH be 5lass orr, rfnce ia.the •notmnightignof doth*iwfveet matter Vine* of gland, i£ 'JlUS tO rooflict- byad- lybody of,hfe if the oror- 11he rest.nybodjf|5?iSrj?2^reach Friday ander covered i. and, breath of reto tag (the openwe oon-,id while iover the jo:' largefor tak- ie.pxo«rl9r enter- The have lb-ponds. ie, are Jortbem jjuahties. are, of ad of a srhtheywhen 'difficult isalt-o-f, I meat be- ruioonsas;.. is iQore a zoan,ie iaB«O srted: Swdaytoand >nnder, atmm. whole exhibitby St. in the exxr- eokwof when the oe priestajag fioand- eity,and re. T h eocpreeeed goat of wee-they donone ucieehasrallyon eccenuielaseisted adaboot The rtpg,the »sout of at. W e ihorhoodlf-amjag smooth* ecoBaj,'tanthose of flotm- an hour and oneone for, fking of ddenly aof the onbling,,ightbat it,lem- •prang: en lazilylysetisd halibut xhanstedlby the . en deck;.He got at, gave!• »tmgsrle soratethe ipper into r he pre- d selaring >S1ii<jCor,he health fbis last rata few as xanchkindred k brown isawith'>e upper, >iwrong,and the eeincheelean, h a t md, and plentiful toaxishee in- often y on .its m. The Ki barrel• ifn'ner, 3 ros'farv gecnank *n part of it shoul'i »/eceipts tLing,«f...••._..•.,•vn*. <M**firr,-3W4»#>MW » •*. i26, I860.of the expedition wfluld be disposed of. Co!.. Lander provement did not produce the cbafcges that it WonM•|'•T-S'••^^^^^^tcasional groves fringing the banks. W e should have'4 hadnosoapicionthatthisppsagewasnotariverbaditnotbeenfortheseaweedgrowing,onitsrockyedges.W e reached Boothbay injtbe course of an hour, andcame to anchor a short distance off the town, whichseemed to be of considerable size. The Assyrian im-mediately put on his shorT clothes, and getting theI hear no talk of it. vidirg for the appointment to judicial office, in fixing thetenureofoffice, andmakingjudges"asfree,im-The hay crop is less this year than last, for although partial, and independent as the k*t of humanity willintroduced into the Marine Cor JB; and in Order to test commission every week, that the price corresponds charge of stealing- a diamond Ting from a passenger, waa yester- the reliabilityof conclusionsdrawn,fromtherusein day di<cbarg<d by Justice Welah, there being no evidenoo the trial, a pretty thick board was placed 500'yards dis- this week about "with la*t week, though trads is against him.tant and fited at. Everyball'perforated it,without ratherdull,anduptoalatehourinthedaythe'propor- ACASE'DISMISSED.—Christian Q.Steudel,whowas arrest* don a charge of false pretenses by Ernest Wo doner of leaving any sign of exhaustion in its track.. A bag of tion of the stock sold is rather below the average. A tfi 45 Waren street, was yesterday discharged by Justice•&•A-w:•'Art-which w e had a copy on; board, till he found Soyer'sreceipttoboUhalibn,w*ichhereadtotheassexn> uareallthewomeninBoothbaysick,andhasthe soil,didnotdescendtoasufficientdepthtoaffordmuchdoctorprescribedbrandyforallof themT Ton'rethe nourishmenttotheroots.The eorghum ia not doing so well this season, though,bledcrewavfoOows**A haEbut—and tills <J M o t , applies to a piece as•. •Mr.James T.Brady onMondaysentthefollowing"yearsof age, six feet high, and straight as an ar-"row." Thechiefpromisedthathisyellow-Skinned 10feethigher,itisnotimprooabbthattheportion**quarters of an hour altogether in the water; when itbegins to crack v*ry sightly, lift it up- with thedrainer and cover a clean wbite napkin over it; if youintend serving the sauce d*er your fish, dish it up know one too," he said, " and a right good fellow he Santa Clara. In the same region, cotton, perhaps to with a napkin'—hem, hem, ? eontinued the Assyrian, is. Let ns go on board. W e shall find something the extent of a hundred acres, is in cultivation.after a brief pause, as he rin his eye over the rest of thereceipt,"Igoes*wemfyaswell stop here. LetThe apple crop is small/ Seventy-five cents toa dollar, mostly the dollar, is the price for a dozen, while dried apples in the stores sell at fifty cents per pound, iloaded, to breaking down. The harvest of this berry commenced in June, and is not yet over.I believe there are no hardy grapes yet bearing in this region. The California isthestaple variety, which is buried every Winter. The crop this year will be small, owing to the late frosts.:'••more then half an hour." j," 1 knew all that forxy years ago," growled the oldmen,asbeturnedtobisfa*sacsandputonhiskettle. Though fifty years ago the fishermen on the banks of Newfoundland had such a }atred and contempt forthewe sat in the cabin, whose spaciousness seemed mag- nificent, compared with that of the Helen, I was startled bythesuddenapparitionatmyelbowofan ebony complexioned individual, bearing a tray con- taining decanters, glasses, lemons, and a pitcher of hotShe had proceeded as far as the Pease Shoals, Minors light bearing E. £ S., when four of the double rivetsof her port cylinder crank-pin gave way.. So great was the leakage of the throttle valves in consequence that they were unable to work, and the starboard lever- shaft was severely strained six inches from the center. Tie pumps and scuttle butts were instantly manned,the Street Department showing the alterations re- quired by "the interests of the city, and to the ad- vantage of the property affected by said change of grade." What should be the precise grade has not y e t been determined. A n incidental advantage would b o a lessening in the ascent of the intersecting streets from West Broadway to Broadway. It is the manifest des- tiny for this part of the city to be occupied by larg«halibut that when they cjaanced to catch one they water. H o w he had got into the cabin was incon•'THE RESIGNATIONOF CHIEF SHAW.The meeting at tbe Cooper Institute, appointed yourJUSTICE Committee, with a view to insure the defeat of the and the hold was soon cleared of water. Fortunatelyousandforlong8ofseafor long heath,brownfurze,, anything! I say, Skijperl this ia coming it ratherdeck,andspenttheafternoon-inconversation,which was prolonged,byjeet,andsong,andstory,farinto theevening. Teawasservedbndeck,soonaftersun- set, by the speechless African, whoss silence to thi* dayIknownotwhethertoascribe toabsolutedamb- ne as or to his sense of discipline and propriety.Commipsioner. *• Thispropowtionstrikesmeasthemost liberal,tha1ourpartycanbecalledupontomake,unlessweaban-donourorganizationanddesertourplatform,neitherofreturat-d1sawtheprisoner, hiswife, hisboy,anda.woman whomIdidnotknow,beating myhusband; bisheadwascut, andhewasbleedihg;deceasedleft hisroomabout5o'clockthis morning,andwent down stairs; in about anhourIheardhimamarketgarden,visitingtheswans,andtheducKsandg»win theirchosenhaunts,paddlingunderthebay-seatedbridgewblcfa weknewsowellfromabove. and^oymgtutfp^s^SjttS'verbera-*'NowwouldI givea an acre ofbarren gromdwhichwecanorwilldounder anycircumstances,as comingupagain,talkingtohimself;hecameIntoourroomand tionofitsarch,lookingoutheRatablefrocutbo*la<e(lnsxeadofWe deem the ascendency of our principles of vital con- spoke to Morris Lane, telling him what a cut he had got; the the lake from the Ramble), and generally (gettfug^Sa. rearalda sequencetothenation, andto the.prosperity of tie prisonercelledout frorn his room, which isopposite, "Now,O'Rourke,comeout,I'mreadyforyouanymlnuta—I'llkillyoa viewofthenaturewhichweknewsowell from the'lfroht-r-aod Democratic party. I hope you will accept my assur- or vou shall kill me;" deceased said that it would take wondering that it should be so different. '."* \ance that if tne terms I have offered meet the approval a bigger man than the prisoner to do that, and he ;It wasta good row. W e spent our halfb-sjur weO. T h e n e w of your Committee, and the express consent of the walked over -to where the prisoner sto»d; I then sawstrong. Can'tweputinsoiThe Skipper had be-a fo. some minutes watching alarge schooner about a mili ahead of us, and, coming aft,said thatitwas baxdl; possibletoweatherCape Newsgininsuchastorm,e4euifourmastheld,about•which be bad great doubts, j] The schooner ahead of us vaa running for shelter into Sherpecut Bay, where therewasanexcellentharbor,andwecouldeasilyfol-low.ber in. The Pilot,afjjeranemphaticreference to " that d—d old stick," as be called the mast, assented to this opinion, and ourcouri e was accordingly changed to the northward.Followingtheleadofth<|schoonerforseveralmiles, we reached about nightfallj a beautiful and perfectly sheltered harbor, which t£ iSkipper called sometimes 8outl>port and sometimes A benacook—it bearing both names apparently. There jvere a few scattered housesontheshore,butnothingtliatcouldbecalledavillage. We anchored in the midit of a number of vessels which Lad, like ourselves; j sought refuge there fromAtlengthwebadeourfriendsfarewell,andreturnedtotheHelenabout10o'clock. Thenightwassofine, youwillbelieveme,in•anyfeelingof arrsgance,that DouglasStateCommittee,manygentlemenofmorein- away;thenextminute the prisonerstabbedmyhusbandinthe againsoon. Thenattyyouth (aforesaidl/^whom wepauitenewb*re?"-vessel, the Haseler, and said he knew one of her officers.gt|§ m •iV? *£?*J«EW-YORK DAILY T R ^mm? SSLBRADY ON FUSION.a^a^Hdear fellow," he remarked to the man in the boat, mer rains, which, though tbey wetted the surface of the'The Assyrian snapped his fingers in delight. " I the southern country, near the Rio Virgin and thethere to w e t our whistlsa with, I kno w."In a few minutes w e were all in the dory, and thethe drainer and the napkin and the sauce go—the Skipper soon rowed us alongside of the schooner. W eaniount of it is, Captain,yoti must rub it with salt, put were cordially received by the three officers on board,alotofsaltktthewater,indletHboilforsomewhat andfoundtheAssyrian'spredictionamplyverified. As dantbyfar. Mostofthetreeshavebeenliterally" sprit-sail yarded it," by tjhrustiug a piece of woodthrough its gills and letting^"go to starve to death, w eGENTLEMEN OF THE BARor MASSACHUSETTS.— Douglas StateCommittees; andthiswasquite neces- on deck about 3 o'clock it as raining, and the wind ness was a gentleman." Placing the tray before us, Your presence on this occasion, at thecloee of a judicial sary, as any ticket you might recommend which didfound it made a very le dinaer, in spite of its coarseness and dryneiw.a sincere and earnest desire to effect the purpose for which they were organized. Your Committee, !of course, conferred with both the Breckinridge andwarehouees, t u t facilities must flwt b e furnished f o e cellarage.ceivable, for he certainly had not descended by the/ only visible entrance. His coming, so sudden and so noiseless, made me think of the genii of the ring, and of the lamp that waited on Aladdin. But though i sRepublicans, and-they have been assiduously engaged tbe Worthlogton pump remained uninjured, else the in the discharge of their duties, actuated, no doubt, by most serious consequences mignt have ensued. T w oThe following ia the reply of Chief Justice Shaw to We sat long at table Xday, and when we went came in so questionable amanner, "the prince of dark- the Maaeachuj&ettsBar:hedges were triced up into the channels and tbe shipsoon brought to her bearings, / I t was a fortunate cir-cumstance that this accident did not happen in a heavysea way,fornoeffortcould'thenhavesavedtheship.After ene w a s moored the machinery was hove downand both larboard streaks caulked—an Operation re- ZLEMENT.—Thos. Cusbmg a Constable of the Tweaty- quiring great prudence, and impossible to be effected in eecond Ward living in Forty-zecond'street, near Nintharougheea. Oneofthecoal-heavers,JohnC. avenue,wasarrested,byOfficerS.J.Smith,ofthe IThomas, was eeverly lacerated by his left arm aod leg Lower Police Court, on a warrant issued by Juatis*being caught in the belt. "We. had socue difticdtyinobtaining these particulars, as the authorities of the Kelly. It appears that Mr. James Devlin, living cor-was begnining to blow p: hard. W e made sail at he vanished as silently as he came—behind a curtain. once in the direction of -Boothbay-j but in the course We Bpent a merry evening, and on parting, ouxlife, now somewhat extended, and the very kind and not receive their united support would not be availa-warm-hearted expressions in which you have felt jus- ble. After much negotiation, it was at length sug-ofacoupleofhoursthewindrosetoagale.Theseagrew -very rough, and at length, almost every minute, board the ecbooner on the morrow, remarking, by way come ard acceptable. It affords me an opportunity tuted for an equal number of Douglas E ectors, Messrs. a wave would break overj our vessel, and, sweeping of enticement, that their steward had been to marks which I,have long desired and now readily seize to ex- Cagger and Richmond would consent to that arrange-nerwas speedily served, in fine style, by the mysterious gentleman in black, who came and went in themost absolute silence.Afterdinner,weadjournedwithourcigarstoth* atesandfriends,asIrecognizeinyoutherepresen-Matthew RUrney..The Douglas organization to bave the Governor andandtheairsowarm,thatwelingeredondecktillafter midnight. Our parting command to. the Skipper wasthat the pri*oner hada knife,anc1triedtodrag my husband sensationremainspleasantlyinthemenioryiand weshaUtry u. Ireceivewith grateful satisfaction-the.very strong fluencethanIwillunitewithmeinanearnest,and,I iH'ck;hefellbackinmyarms, andthen fell totheHOT;the oentsfo«"burrowofnearly twomiles^tefla u«that othr'rand• mm.yourestimateofmyofficialcourse. Iknowthesource to get under way at daylight, and make sail for the , whence it originates and the'feelings which clothe andwhenItriedtoatop him,he turnedandtriedtostabme;I on But if these terms be rejected, I ani convinced that, the night before heard th - prisoner sny that he had got a knife toforallwhowishtospendhalfanhouron/thepond.'•• ,' r MANHATTAN.SIR: "Will you do me the favor to warn the public, through'yourwidelT-read'journal, against a man catling, himself. Doctor Cornell? This doctor was Introduced to me about one monthagoas being rick anddestitute,anditwasstatedthath» hadbeenwithoutfoodoneortwodays,andhidwalkedthe streets all of the night before because he could not pay for abfd. 11> ok him home with me, fed and lodged him about a week, acd in themean time collected snd give himmoney enough tonearestlargetowntotheeastwaxd.furthernegotiationsforacompromisewouldbeuseless; killmyhusband,andthathewould kill himifhegotachance; dec^aued had no'weapon about him when he was stxbbed-• . f4CAUTION TO THK BENEVOLENT.•'THECROPSINUTAH.election, and w e will omit no honorable means to con- vince.the Democracy that if defeat overcome them inthe prisoner admitted tliat he had stabbed the man.The Jury rendered the following verdict: •"We find that DanielO'Rourkecametohisdeath byfl-.absinflictedbythepiiioner.JohnMcKeoghandthat Ann McKeogh was accessory to the murder." 'Corre»pondence ofThe N. Y. Tribune., GREAT'SALTLAKECITY,Aug.31, 1860.The Spring and Summer of the present year may be termed cold and wet. Indeed, in no previous growing season, since the settlement of this valley, has there been so much rain.. This is remarkable, as portions oftheStates,it appears,have experienced excessive dronth the present Summer.tionoftheinterestingrelationswhichhavesolongand uninterruptedly continued, seems a fit occasion for lay- ing aside reserve and speaking from the fulness and sincerity of the heart.Gentlemen, pardon me in glancing a moment at the future, so far, at least, as to expross a hope and prayer forthecontinued prosperity of institutions to which our lives have been- dedicated. My hone rests on tbe - enlightened character of the people of Massachusetts.tothefriendsofMr. Breckinridge. Respectfolly and truly yours, .JAMES T. BRADY- Mr. Biady has not yet answered whether the Unionfusion Ticket will receive his.aupport.Tbe prieoners were then examined, when McKeogh take him to Illinois where he said aU brother resided, he bavins; said he stabbed deceased in se*f-defense, but his wife procured a free pass to Buffalo. He then desired a letter from eaid she took no part in the affair, and was in bed at me stating that he WHSworth) of asidttance, &c , to be used oaThe latter part of July and the whole of the presentThe United States steam-gunboat Pawnee ia nowsent to the Houee of Detet tion."••: CITY ITEMS.t-tn ngth of it. and I know tbat iu one instance he baa denied hav'ng received a dollar from me, or from any other source, wl'.b opeexception. HehasalsoimposedUpononeortwoofrur chur hes, and induced them to take up collections f r him, ta everyi'stancemiiUngriseofthenote. The evidence is over- whelming that he is an imp-?«>tor. and I regret exceedingly to h-ve cauped any one to give to an unworthy object, and h'ope thi. v. ill be a sufficient warning tha*. others may not be swindled by1dm PORTER r-'lTCH,No.8Beekm*nstreet.New-York, Sept. 2S 1860.-:J ... ,Vj , M - v . _ _ ^ •DEATH FROM HKING RUN OVER.—Au Irishman named Potrh k Coyle, aS years old, died at the >«w York Hos- pital yesterday from injuries received on Friday la-«t byb«iuf iun over by a stsge in Broadway. H e fell in getting ootof * »tate and a<.<'tb<or staife ran over iiim before he could get out of tbe wav, Verdict, " Accidental dea'-h."A LADY R U N OVER.—On Monday evening Mrs. E. M A. Hors:,n, a lady living at the St. Nicholas Hote'. whtl© crohS>ig.BiO(>dw»y.uear Broome street, was knocked down and ti n ovei l y stage No. 997 of the Mv?l«on-*»emie Hue, aud had one of tier leg* f.ae.tuxed-. She was conveyed home by Officer, Ja;, of the Euhtb Waroj end • physicijtu oalied.I have already, from my own experience of the habit-thegale,thoughallexceptJtheBchoonerthat\7efol- monthhavebeenhot,veryhot,inthedaytime,but, ualrespectofthiscommunityfortheJudiciaryandits. outwardboucdfromPhiladelphiaonherfirstcruise... lowedhadputinearlierinJheday. Thestorm,aswe asusualatthisaltitude,pleasantlycoldatnight. afterwaid learned, raged aj along the coast, andhaddone considerable damuge to the shipping.The weather had growa so cold as to be uncom- fortable even in our snug: cabin, and so, alter hastilyswallowingsomesupper,!westrippedoffourwet manyrootshavingnotubers,andothershavingquite believe,andIrejoiceintheconviction,thatanoble 8-iiichcaliber. Weappendalistofherofficers: .;%dcthee' and turned imo our berths long before our usual a number, generally varying- in s?ze from a pea to a veneration for the Judiciary department of our free Comm&nder, Hartsteue; Lieutenant*, S. Marcy, R. B. Laury, boy's marble, though a tew attained to the dimensions government, and respect for those to whom it is en- R. I. Chaplin; Paymaster, C. W . Abbott; Surgeon, T. M.Gunuefl; hour of going to sleep. trnst'd, is the pervading sentiment of the great body.of Mutter, Hatrnniel Greene; BoatBwain, James-Miller; Ounuer, - I lay awake half the nigkt listening to the rain pat- of a walnut. The Spring of '59 being dry and hot, as the freemen cf Massachusetts; that it nourishes xud William Bunrill; Lieutenant of MarineH, E . M. D. Rejnolds;3&hadaverysatisfactoryinterviewwiththeIndianwar- seemmightnaturallyhavebeenanticipated. BM io« chiefWiunemucca,whoisdescribedasbeing "thirty gradeofWestBroadwaybeen establishedattoat^m*ground appeared too cold for thisplant, as it made very Although I have no authority to speak for the Breck- lan's expedition, arrived at Port Randall, Nebraska, on the mud It occupies the lowest part of a valfeT^be- uttle progress. Requiring a longer season than corn, inridge State Committee, of which I am not a member, Sept. 6, from Port Benton. MuJlan's road is onlv par-though growing taller on thewame ground, the sorghum and cannot give positive assurance as to what action it tially finished, ana will require another season's labor. tween Churoh aod Hudson streets, runniog diflsctlysecondchapthathasbeenherewithintenminuteswith ithasbeengainingrapidJyduringthehotssellofthe lettertotheUnionFusionCommittee:wella*tothe"whole»nnwdj-mustbewellrubbedover the same story. Hadn'tyoubettercallatownmeet- pasteixweeks,andif thefrostsholdoft*theremaybe ,, ' NEW7YOKK, Sept.24,I860. friendswouldbequiet,andnotannoytravelers. Lieut. theCityinquestionwouldnowpresentanentirelydi£ wjth gaBand/em*^"~her^ he shook hie headat the ing, and confer together, so as to have a little variety still a decent crop. In the early part of the seasonthe Mr. JOSHUA J. HENRY, Chairman, &o —Dear Sir.- White of tbe Third Artillery, recently attached to Mul- forent aspect. The fact is this street is too mack iaiSkipper—'* before it is put i a the water; have ready a Targe halibut kettle"—*'vlnat the deuce is a halibut*kettle?"interposedtheFfl*»c "Nevernfatd/*saidthejAssyrian,«•anykettlewiDio your pretenses VThe man laughed, and explained that, as no liquor4o, if h is OKry big enbug i. Bear wh *t comes next every six quarts of water ijut one pound of salt; laythem. ' very exhaustive, though some go^d things,were said of of my motives for doing so is to prevent any misunderJ: k audi of the Fourth Infantry, reached San FranciscoShortly after this fellow left us, the Professor, who it last Spring by a farmer who had a large quantity of ertanding hereafter as to the course whioh the friends of on August 28 m the steamer Cortez, from a military sale houses find it to,their account to go to the depth ofcouldbeboughtintown,theonlywaytheyhadto hasnotthebettchanceinthesehighmountainvales. wouldtakeonthelastpropositionforfusionemanating.ThedistancebetweenWaUaWalla,whereitcom- throughwhat wasformerlycalled theLutp«4iar4 getitwasbybuyingitofvesselsintheharbor,and Hungariangrass,thepresentseason,hasnotdone, fromtheCommitteeofwnichyouareChairman,yet mences,acdtheheadofsteamernavigationontheMis- Meadows. Theobjection againstputtingu?large-welL Indeed, this kind, of millet seems to be rather the position which I hold on the State ticket, and n£y souri is set down at 618 mil g. l they had found the pretense of sickness useful in in-* growing out of favor in Utah. It appears to require desire if possible to promote the objects at which your . UoL Banis,, Major Haller, Lients. Drver, McCall, warehouses here has been the impracticability of mak-«A large baHbut-ket le hajf foil of eold water, aud to ducing their visitors to violate the law by selling to very rich soil to make a heavy crop, and.ia considered Committee aim, Induce me thus to address you. One Scott, Bundeli, and Harden*tie, in charge of Companies ing cellars. For ordinary dwel inga it is deeirable *•the fish in, and p a o ft ove ra moderate fixe; a halibutof eight pounds'—and that] Pilot, will apply to sight had been ?cmtiiijdig the craft in the harbor through seedto*sell.Mr. Breckinridge have taken in reference to ihe at- post outside the California district.have at least 12 feet for under cellars and ma y whole- 20 or 30 feet.pounds of halibut -'rany ty allowed to simmer twentyminute* or rather more; <hus it wffl be about three which he recognized as the United States Coast-Sarvey raised this eeason in this city or county. The severe wish you snd the people at large to know that if a re-sult BOdeeirable as this union be prevented, we' cannot be justly held responsible for the occurrence.The .friends of Mr. Douglas,' uniting_with the Amer- ican party, procured for him 25 Electors on the Doug- las-Bell ticket. The Breckinridge organization re- tained its separate existence. It was proposed to give themaahareof Electors on the coalition ticket,and after much discussion and effort the Breckinridge State Committee consented to accept ten Electors as a com- promise, wishing then, a s they had-before desired and now desire, to make any liberal and honorable sacrifice ratherthanexposeourcountrytofhedangerswhich maty believe it would encounter if Mr. Lincoln should be elected.This proposition w a s communicated to Messrs. Peter Cagger and Dean Richmond, w h o represented the Douglss State Committee, and had full power to act for it as their discretion and' judgment might dictate. They rejected the proposition.thetelescope,pointedo u t asohoonera t somedistance,the Republican candidates as to insure their defeat, W eThe meagerness of available space for cellarage in this locality is shown in the following statement: The present grade o f curb-stone o n the easterly side o f • Weet Broadway at the intersection of Duane street is13 feet five inches above high-water mark; at the in- tersection of Thomas street, 9 feet 10 inches; of Vft>rtit street, 8 feet; of Leonard street, 7 feet; of FrankUn Street, 6 feet; of White street, 5 feet 10 inches; otT J| Walker street, 5 feet 5 inches; of Lispenard street, 5 feet; of Canal street, 5 feet 2 inches. Iu accordance) with a resolution of the Common Council, ap >roved bysThe .fruit crop this year, upon the whole, is very meager. I do not think one peach or apricot has beentempt to so combine the elements of the opposition toNews from Fort Kearney, N . T .. announces the de- parture from that post of Company F , Second Infantry, and Company A,. Second Dragoons, for the Pawo.ee Keserve, as directed in an order published sometime since. Recruits from the East had arrived, aud addi- tional troops, under Capt. TuUy, would leave on S*pt. Storeeoforce still further the Pawnee Fork. Fort Kearney is at preeent garrisoned by portions of Com-Smy L , Second Infantry, and Company A , Ssoond ragoons. The troops at all the poets were in good health.An army Court-Martial is ordered at Foit Moultrie,S. C... '/• • .,"•''•'•••v..foggv Winter and the May frosts completely put the peach and apricot trees out of all humor for bearing. Some fruit of these kinds, however, has been raised inPlums are a middling crop.But of all fruits the native currant is the most abun-ANOTHER NA V AL FAILirax.—The new gun-bo%t.Oeage,CommanderP.D,Higginson,lately1winched theMayoiJuly15,1860,amaphasbeenpreparedat at this Navy Yard, started yesterday on her trial trip.tifiedincommnnicatingyourapprobationofmyjudicial gestedthatiftheBreckinridgeorganizationwould friends of the Haseler invited us to dine with them on course, offered in this hour of parting, are most wel- accept seven Electors on the Union ticket, to be substi-tl at afternoon, and had broupht back a capital leg of press to the Government and '.people of the Common- ment, but on condition that such seven electors shouldNavy Yard, in obedience, w e believe, to instructions from"Washington,, endeavored to prev«>ut the details of the accident from becoming known. . [Norfolk Herald.ner of Forty-fist street and Tenth avenue, employed tl e defendant, in his official capacity, to collect a debt cf $81 7 5 . Cn>hing obtained the cash, and, as is charged, embezzled and feloniously appropriated the same to hisalong the deck, delugv the cockpit with water. W e dosed the cabin to keep it; dry, and, gathering at the stern, watched the scene, hot without anxiety. The air w a s so thick with mistithat w e could see. nothing but the raging waves (around ua, and could, not tell Where w e were going, though the sloop w a s plunging along at a fearful rate, heir bows almost continually under water, andher masti which we nowfound was badly sprung, opening wide cracks at every tug of the sails. There was oonsideijable danger of the mart's . going ovsrboard, and inj that case w e should have been completely at the mercjj of jihe waves, on a coast everyand to celebrate the discovery of the Hassler fired and advocate, in trials sometimes involving the • most inchofwhichwasrwk'bound,sothat,ifourvessel off,beforeweturnedin,allourremainingrockets, interestingandexcitingtopics,andleadingtoearnestnot be chosen from the Breckinridge Electoral ticket. It is difficult to understand on what ground such a con- dition should be proposed, but it seems quite obvious that the Breckinridge Committee could not accede toveaLnerW e accepted tbe invitation, as Governor Gardi- of Massachusetts accepted his re-nominationwealth, and more especi«dly to theentire Bar of Massa- chusetts, my hearty thanksfor the kind and marked respect with which they have uniformeiiy honored and cheered me personally from the first moment of my" Promptly, unhesitatingly, joyously."MURDER IN THE FOURTH WARD. own use, declining to account to Mr. Devlin for the" Farewell," said the Assyrian, as he descended the appointment to the preeent time; and more especially it without virtually abandoning the organization . of side of the schooner into our boat. " H I were a for the confiding and indulgent—I might also say the their party, disparaging the worthiness or the Electorswould have otherwise been almost too oppressive to be ceeded in search of a meeting house. A very deaf old borne.'fellow, whom w e made to understand b y much shout- But n o w that m y judicial labors are finished, andingwhatwewanted,conductedustoasortofgarret, theresponsibilitiesattendingthemhave terminated, But the poet saw it sa: on dry land, while to us, where w e found a small and singularly hard-favored nothing could be more consolatory to my feelings thanwife and three children. McKeogh is also a married man.CQROKER'S INQUEST. .Coroner Jackman yesterday afternoon held an in-quest on the body of O'Rourke, when the followingtestimony was elicited:Maoricp Lane deposed that he liveH »t N o 319 Water street, arid 1Ban uncle of deceased; aaw deceased approach the pris- oner'a room, when the latter raiaed a kuife and .Btabbfd him in the neck; deceased fell infiUe the prisoner's door, and then the prisoner started to go down stairs; witness tried to stop him, and followed him down stairs, keeping him in sight till the police arrived; the prisoner had the knife in his hand-when arrested...Mary Downs deposed that abont five o.'clock Yesterday morn- ing deceased left his room and went down stalra; heard nim comiijg up in about an hour afterward ;;th«n heaid the prisoner say"now0'B.ourkecomeout,andifyoudoitwill be theend of you." Deceased told Mm to come ont on the sidewalk aud btaited toward the prisoner's door; just theu the prisoner drew a knife and Btabbed deceased in the neck; the deceased f»ll on befng stabbed, when the prisoner got upon hfin and stabbed him again;theprisoneralsotriedtostabdeceased'swife, beoanse si e tried to prevent his escape; while tbe prisoner w a s stabbing the man the prisoner's wife cried out "live it to him." Th"» pri- sener and deceased bad a quarrel on Saturday when deceased was struck with an axe and a club.State Prison Inspector; the Breckinridge State Com- Ann CRoorke deposed as follows: I live at No.319 Water mittee to name the Lieutenant-Governor and Canal street; on Satniday last m y husband (the dead man) had a quar-That to—and eftej or acres, BeHowiag,sodgraui andamuliagtogether.daahiug-alongin ourliiaJewild reefs, with the wa.ves foaming and flashing over which was prolonged throughout the whole service.then directly in our coinot unmixed with dread,gale w a s evidently oawhite with foam on theJwas a prospect of beauty was growing late and the increase. The sea was but the great waves, g at na,'had a blackforum—most concerned in maintaining the justice and Presently the minister entered, and he too fixed his efficiency, as well as the honor and dignity, of our• • That seven Douglas Electors should be taken off the present Douglas and Bell ticket—one to be anElector*at large.Second: Tnat seven substitutes for them—one.anElector at large—be selected by the Breckinridge State Committee from the Breckinridge electoral ticket.Thesename.8Inowsuggest,subject to theapproval of our State'Committee:funds collected. T h e delinquent Constable, w h o h a s forbearingspirit in whioh my professional brethren on their ticket,andacknowledgingtheirincapacityto A MAN INSTANTLY KILLED—ARREST OF beenarrestedonceortwicepreviouslyforsimilaroffea-Cockney, I would say to you as Byron said to his have regarded ail my efforts toward the performance select from that ticket seven gentlemen who would de-THE MURDERER.Yesterday morning about 6 o'clock Daoiel 0 Rourkeand Jobn McK*ogh, both Irish laborers, living atsee, wast*kenbeforeJusticeKelly,andheldtobailia $500 to answer before tbe Court of General Soesions. Mr. Curbing, at the last election, was a candidate for. the State Assembly.mistress:of the great duties with which I have been intrusted.Be assured, m y friends, this ia no n e w or sudden feeling awakened by strong expressions of regard inci- dent to the close of a career of judidal administration;eerve the position for which thoy had beeu nominated at our Convention. The proposition as to seren would, no doubt, have been agreed to by the Breckinridge or- ganization. This I take the responsibility of sayingFarewell! If ever ftmde*t prayer For other's veal availed on high,Mine will not all be lost in air'We got back to the sloop a little before midnight, it has rather resulted from my recollection of constant from conversations with some of the members of chat of a difficulty which had long existed between them,struck,shewouldbepoandedtopiecesintenminutes, bine-lights,andRomancaudles. . „ andanimateddebate. If,uponsuchoranysimilaroc« Electorscouldbeinducedtoresign. TheconditionasMTSTERIOUS CASE.—Coroner Jackman held an ia- qnesi at St. Luke's Hospital, on the body of tbe n o -intercourse which has actually existed between judgeCommittee now in the city. The seven would be ac- cepted, as Mr. Richmond is said to have assorted posi- tively that no more than that number of the Douglaswhen McKeogh drew a knife and stabbed his antagonistin tbe neck, severing the jugular vein and causing thealmostinstantdeathofORourke. Thealarmwas knownmanwhowasfounddeadiuavacantlotis given, when Officers Conklin and Coakley of the FourthWa:d ran to the house and" arretted the mur-derer as he was making bisescape down a flight ofetairB. TheprisonerwastakentotheStation-Houseand committed to await the action of the Coroner, whowas notified to hold an inquest. The deceased, as alsoin such a gale. jWe drove along at a ioriona rate, the grim old Pilotat thehelm,and the anx on| Skipper, arrayedin oil-skinto shed the. wet, cKnging j to the mast and keeping asharp lookout ahead. Suddenly the mist rose and weeks to have a Christian dinner, w e should all go to sociates, the advocates at the bar, to do justice to my agrted to any use cf our names by which an honorablerolled away before a sw eepjng blast, and then w e saw motives, and to think favorably of my judicial acts, combination to defeat Linco'n might be effected. The church. To this reasonable proposal we assented was early and deeply impressed upon me; impressed, friends of Mr. Breckinridge were quite willing that theSeguinlight-house,anx,knewwherewewere. Itwas and,dressingourselvesinourbestclothes,wentashore indeed,v?vithsomucnforceandellect as to become a nomineesoftheDouglaspartyforGovernorandStatsa superb and terrible bright, such as Lowell saw in a is state, in man-of-war style, with the United State* practical ground of relief and comfort in the perform- Prison Inspector should remain on the ticket, if the temperance, and were very quarrelsome persms.The next morning (Sunday) w a s serene and mild.After breakfast, two of the officers of the Hassler cams feeling was but momentary, yielded to any reasonableFifty-fourth street,^as previously reported. D r . John Beach made a.poet-mortem examination of the body, and found that death was the result of congestion of the brain, superinduced by an extensive fraoture of too skull. The Coroner found it imp^weible to obtain any , evidence whatever goingto show how the injuries hai beenreceived,butheis.supposedtohave fallen while intoxicated. Deceased was about 25 years of age, dressed in blue pilot cloth coat, Kossath hat, brown pantaloons; in bight he was marly 5 feet 10 Lnshee, and had dark 1air, but no whiskers. It is sapp,)ee4that deceased w a s a hostler b y oocipatioa.BOATING IN THE CENTRAL'PARK.?—A new. feature of park amusement was Inaujorated last week by the launch os* a row-boat upon the beautiful lake which, in Winter, forma the famous akating pond. It is a lap-streak boat, 22 feet long, oi*de by Dick of Williarnsburgh, whoh u the contract for supplying _ boats for the use of tbe Park visitors.WelovethePark,andwearecurioustotryevery new woi»» tion that it may offer, consequently, in pursuance of our general rule, when w e heard that it offered boating, w e w«nt to try it> boating. Rather timidly w e tried it—a ten-cent r o w o n twen'ry acres of water that w e have with our o w n eyes »eea pour«4. over an inland swamp of twenty acres, felt tame in the anticipa-tion. W e have been bored under more exciting aosgices, and we expected to be bored again—HO we went timidly about itWe were in advance of thethrong of visitors, and had sol* possession of cushioned seats which will accommodate eight or ten. The oareman is a natty youth, with the conventional wiilor1trousers, and chip hat, and, as a sailor * collar must b e embroid-ered, his sported a "C.P." in each angle. Kmbarking at thacaeion, a momentary spark of resentment was. excitedto the mode of choice was rejected for the reason al- ready mentioned. ;In reference to the State ticket, although the adjust- ment of that is not strictly within the purposes of yourat any supposed wrong, I am happy to believe that theto visit us in their cutter, and the Assyrian proposed explanation, and was fortnwith forgotten. This abid-that,asweweregoingforthefirsttimeinseveral ingrelianceuponthegoodwillofmyprofessionalas- Committee,IwilletatethatMr.Vieleandmyselfthe accused, it is taid wereaddictedtohabitsofin- officers; and after rambling awhile on the shore, pro- ance of responsible duties, the weight of which Breckinridge State Committee might name the Lieut. O'Rourke was about 32 years of age. H e has left astorm from Appledore:North, o u t acd «mth. thei*. or* reef* and breakers Yoci would never drtaxu of in smooth weather.-shell, the view of these the deliberate approval of my judicial course by those congregation,whogreetedourentrance with a star* mostconversantwiththecontests andstrugglesoftheGovernor and Canal Commissioner. To this, I under- stand, Messrs. Cagger and Richmond objested, insisting that eome other than our present nominee for Liens. GovernorshouldbedesignatedbyourStateCommittee.Such is the position of affairs at the moment when, in much baste, I prepare this communication, that it may reach y o u before your labors close. And now, Sir, let me eay I am convinced that the Breckinridge State Committee would agree to a fusion on the follow-as they same leaping andand angry look not pteajsantlto behold. Our aged pilot,It w a s a Methodist meeting, and notwithstandingthe homeliness of the place and the people, the sermonwas a sounddiscourse,full ofpractical good senseashesat clutching the h orerhisbrowstokeep;t easfly from time to time at' mast, whose wide seamf weshutting,buthesaidmany a harder gale, thou,The Assyrian, cunging to 'the cover of the cabin for support, and with stroog symptoms of seasickness in hisface,atlengthbr>kebutasawhoopingbillow sweptoverus,eousingiiia;fromh£adtofoot:his hat drawntightly blowingoff,glancedun- e laboring and groaningTne Assyrian listened with devout attention, and, when strength is but weakness, and'the highest human exer-we came out, declared that he could now eat the fatted tions but vanity. May-the smiles of that Divine Provi-calf with a gocd conscience. Refcmbarking in the dence ever rett upon the administration of justice, andonallthegreatCivilandsocia^interestsofourbeloved cutter, w e were soon on board the Hassler, where din- • Commonwealth!, to invigorate the minds, to warm theFOR KLBCTOKGIDBOX J. TUCKKK or HJJNRY S. RANDAIX.alternately opening and g: Hehadweathered never in so poor a craft..; -eyes upon us as w e sat in a row on a back bench, andjurisprudence—most capable of forming a true estimate of judicial character. Y 'Gentlemen, in this slight retrospect of myjudicial couise, indeed in reviewing the whole course of my life, I desire in this solemn hour to express my sincere and. devout gratitude to that benignant and overruling'Providence whohascrowned mydayswithinnumer- ableblessings,withoutwhosesustainingaidallhumaning basis:seldom removed eyes to pray.his gaze,exceptwhen he shut hi*accompanyitandthepurpoeeitisintended to accom-plish; andIhaveyettolearnthatanapproving judg-ment is less the true exponent of the mind thai uttersit, or less dear to one on whom it is bestowed, becauseconveyed in exprecsions tinged by the colors and warmwith the glow of affectionate feeling. The termina- November the origin of the calamity cannot be tracedofficers, spoken of the support and.encouragement ShetakesMr.McLanetoVeraCruz,andwillthenjin which it has afforded mennder the weight of judicialPotatoes, carrots, beets, cabbage, and early turnipshave done well. Of potatoes, the most important andthelargest oftheabovenamed crops,thepromiseisvery gocd. Last year, in many places, especially onhigh and warm lands, thepotato wasa perfect failurd, consideration personal to myself. 'No, gentlemen. I for her have been removed, and replaced by ti^ht ofresponsibilities. .*.,.. > Youwill not,Iamsure,ascribeto.methevanityoffeetiong,47feet'wide,andcarriesover130officersat)d believing these favorable regards to proceed from any men. The formidable 11-inch guns originally designedor Music—Theoperaof"RobertLefar as rain was concerned, though there was plenty of sut-taiiiB an abiding conservative principle, favorable <;M<'f Engineer. George Gideon; Assistant Engineers, "T. M. Sejit: 25.—Tbe market pia«e ie Forty -fourth street is tering on the deck, aoo when w e arose next morning snow in the mountains, it was supposed that the to the indenendenoe and stability of the Judiciary, as Adorns, Philip Inch, John Johnson, David Hardy, and John stocked with/eomething over 3,800 head of bullocks;it was still pouring hard. It was eo cold that the sea- strength of the potato was drawn into the vine to theTrilly. ''':-,-• ".-.•'The new Commander-in-Chief of the Home Squad-ron, Com. Pifcudergast, also goes out in the Pawnee.w^ich is more than the market opened with )a*t week,bvt leee than it had altogether. T ee qualify of. t.he ;men got out of the fore peak an old I ru^jr stove, and we soon had a fire in the cabin, to which tire rain con-oetr;mont of the tubers. This supposition was strength- the foundation of public peace, and tbe security of pri- ened by the fact that on. the cool, moist bottom lands vate rights. Much, very much, .was done by tne wisefounders'of our Commonwealth to give force and ef-excellent crops of line sized potatoes were grown. It fect to those principles, and to maintain the just powerlinednsalltheforenoon. '[Theschoonerwehadfol- iaafact,however,thatfor.afewyearspast,,inthe oftheJudiciary,astheessentialelementsofgoodgov- navalexperimentswe>emadeinNewYorkha>buron iKwlat;andin<ur<pinion,therate*aronoteog-od AMANBRBAKSHJS1>C;INAJPIOHT;—At Coemiealowed into this harbor w a e bound for Boothbay, and higher house-lots of this city potatoes'haye been a com-, ernment. Friday and Saturday Inst. Their result is rather an for drovers. Uj^en the lower grades «,f stock, w e are after dinner got under way|and passed into Townsend paiative failure, on land where they once throve well—nothing like so bad this year, however,'as last. Many If amid the gusts and whirlwinds of political vio- evidence of sonodnees' in an old prinoiple tnai a dis^ certain it iu not, aud w e don't believe as many, bullocks •Cut, a passage of some miles in length leading into people have ceased to plant the potato on such lota. lence, of personal rancor and party rage, passion and covery of a new ore. Captain Ward, accompanied by will be solo at t p p.acee, though wo are a*jonr<-d by aTowrii»eiid Harbor, as the port of Boothbay is calied. Constant cropping and irrigation washing away the force for thetime bear rule,may we notstill well nope Q/der!y Sirgeant Lilly, Sergeant Stevenson, aud soneefficient ma)ines attuoiedto the North Carolina, em-above result. Perhaps a liberal dressing of sand and sober men of the Commonwealth will resume their barktd on the powder bolt of the Navy Yard,and inaikei for first class retail butchers, that hehaa paidslip, veoierday a number of cnnsl b^Btpien got into a fi«ht. i a the c< nrse of which Jonn Dunn was severely kicked and r ateii a''o> t the head and face, and had his leg broken in three pin -4a, A wontan named Frances Oay, and»ome men named Dennis Duin, and Thomas Flifcrot, we:e arrested and chargec by Oeo. S'anfer^. of the canal boat Leviathan ;w1tn making on him a fe ooious aiHault-Mid battery. Tne prisoners wore fully eoui- mittet to the Tombs fer trial and Ojedamjtftfd navigator w*sJWe followed, and, the rain having ceased, had a de- tine, tandy particles of the soil may have produced the that the calm reflection, the abiding reflection of thelightfulsailthroughamostsingularstrait,narrow, at-heswouldbebeneficialinthesecases, Ibelieve sway,andenableatruet-worthyJudiciarytomaintain proceededdownthe13*yforthepurposeoftryingwhat- attberateof10c.apoundmt,foraportionofhis senttotheCityHospital. Thewonrtnwa*,ofcourse,thecauselike a river of moderate site, and bordered on both material, such aB sand, oakum, & c , offers the greatest of the row.what is generally known in England and the States as the safety of the S<ate. Above all let us be careful reeiatanco to a diecharge of shot. The weapons u-ted purchases.^ ft is the opinion of some of the regular COMPLAINT DISMISSED.—A negro waiter namedsidesbymeadowsgrtentothewater'sedge,withoc- thepotatodiseaseisentirelyunknowninUtah;atleast howwedisparagethewisdomofourfathers,inpro- werethenew(riflegrooved,)Mini<Smusket,receotly •salesmen,whosellfairmediumqualityofbnllockeon Hioris.onthesteamboatCommonwealth,whowasarrettedo*aSkipper to row him to the nearest wharf, went in searchof lemons and whisky. After a protracted absence he such lands is comparatively lesa than on lower lands.night, as one good class of customers, the Jews, havereturneddisconsolate. Len>on«hehadgot,butwhisky was not to be obtained for love or money; the place, he said, wasdrier than Sahara. He brought us, how ever letters and papers, soijthat his visit was not alto- gether fruitless.'As w e sat reading the papers, a boat from the town earns alongside with one min in it, a respectable-looking person, who produced an empty bottle, and asked if we could let him have a littleMpay. His wile, he said,sick, and thedoctor hadTUB PitorosKn^XGBADIKO OK W/.ST BROADWAY AND THX INTERSECTING STREKTS.—Those w h o have been in the babit of noting the improvements kt variousBARNUM'S MUSEU^I is alive with patrons. The gTeat moral Drama, Jo*xm AVD His BKKTKKMX, gives the most intense aatisfactiun. It is performed at 3 and Ti o'clock p. nt'., and the grr.at Living Sea Lion, Albino Family, What Is I t t Aquaria, &c,aretobeseenatallhours. .••[AdTertisementl JL.'If p escribed brandy, but no; was to be had in the town.Bwere touched b y t iis ap- a couple of bottles of ale, assuring him that he wd|ild have been welcome to brandy if w e had not unfortunately got out of every- thing of the sort. He wasj]stai expressing his admira-The Assyrian's symp" pealandhegavethemtips of the stranger's conj bailed byabcatappjthe town. This tco che too produced a bottle, wise hada siokwife,for scribedbrandy.The Assyrian's eyes be* devotion, when w e were from ano&er quarter ofTHE HOPCROP.-A paragraph is going the rounds,dy, for which he wouldwe-havehadmorerainthisseason,yet.therecouldnothave been eo much snow in the mountains, as thecreeks and rivers have not beea so high, and conse-adniit." Letnoplausibleor delusivehopeofobtain- ing a larger liberty, let not the example of any other State lead you ia this matter to desert your own solidoaknm, the compreeaed fibers of whijh aie supposed to gocd many of the buyers are holding off for the oecond pended from atriargular frame 500 jards oft', and theWelsh, the evidence being insufficient to hold him.[Advertisement] 'CHARLES, sometimes I believe I could make a verv successful Doctor. W h y I'have these feeUsip I can't telL yet I doubt my capabilities. If I only knew tbat I had the t«l«nt, 1 would go at i t " heart and hand." Oo at once to FOWLHR 4C WBIXS,NO.808Broadway,andtheywillcontrinoeyouIknow from my ownexperience—whether you believe In Phrenology or not-aa to your duty in obeying the feelin/. Their analysis of mind is so complete that on general principles you will be infla- enotdln your opinion. • y*[Advertisement. 1GAS FIXTTJUES.—-Dealers aud others are invitedto call at our great depot for Gas Fixturev A large stock of n e wquently a great deal of the bottom hay land has not ground, until cautious reason or the well-tried experi- poesees corBiderable resisting strentrth, was then sus- day, expecting a decline in the rates;, which will bebeen flooded so much as last year, though the rains ment of others shall have demonstrated the establish-ment of a Judiciary wiser and more solid than ourown. ••''"••••**'.*•Gentlemen, in terminating a lopg course of proles-Perhaps the present year's crop will not be more than sional and judicial life, and in taking leave of taoae with two-thirdsorthree-fourthsoflastyear's. Yetthe whomIhavesolonglaboredinthestudyandpracticelikely to occur if there are many cattle left over toThe shot passed through the bag with remarkableprecision, and obliquely/entered the board outside; a holiday, or feast, or fact, or eomSthing else, likely towhichdemonstratedtheinefficiencyofoakumasapro- keeptlumoutofmarket. However,theyarebuyinghave kept the aurface of the higher lauds moister than usual, so that the difference in the two years' crops onmarines were ordered to fire. ' •'price of hay will most likely be no! very high the com- irg Winter, as there are very few troops tobe supplied. Hay now sells in this city from §10 to $15 per tun. •of the law, and in the administration of justice, I am happy to bear a strorjg testimony to my high ,se»sa of the influence and power of the legal profession, whenmuch more freely this afternoon than in the morning, and if we do ntt have arrivals enough to make the total over 4000 head for these yards for both days, we do hot expect to have much occasion to elter the quota- tions of last week in the report which will be printed to-morrow, exc*pt for the lowest grade—that class is tco plenty,<*nd prices low: that ia, 6cvto 7c. a pound.The crop of wheat, barley and oats—wheat being by honor, integrity, and a cohscieptous regnrd to duty are far the most widely sown—is-superior; indeed, it is its true characteristics. On you, gentlemen, and yourgenerally reckoned as superior to that of no seasonsince the entrance of the Mormon pioneers into tinsvalley. Brigham was telling the people in the Bowery,a Sunday or two ago, of a few acres of wheat on hisfarm, a few miles south of this city, being kept separateand the product measured, when it showed the largefigures of ninety-two and a half bushel* to the acre.But it must be recollected that this extraordinary yieldwas on rich bottom soil—soil of almost exhaustless fer-tility; soil of a very different quality to that of the faithful administration of justice, they m a r long con- »andy or gravelly benches adjoining. O n good bottomassociates and successors, as the professed ministers of the law, it depends to maintain this character. . Irom your ranks, subject to your training, must be drawn, all those who fre called to the office of judge; in truth, the value and efficiency of the Jurisprudence of Massa- chusetts are committed to your oharge. And my last earnebt hope and prayer for yourselves and successors, and for all the people of our beloved Commonwealth, ie, that through an honorable practice of the Jaw, and aE?t 4l2l, „n o w .o n h a a «- No. 579 Broadway.WAUKaa, Pacx k Co., .»••[Advertisement.]manufaotorea,tinue to enjoy the inestimable blessings of liberty, eaie-would twist and turnjin its course, and almost invaria- blyprevent serious injury to thereal object aimed at.that the section lying between Church street and Hud- eonandDuanestreet andCanal, ia nowinaboutthe same condition that it was many years ago, and if any- thing becoming worse, aa evinced in the increase ofland forty or fifty bushels to the acre is considered no-thing out of tae w a y here. Land that produces lessthan twenty bushels per acre is considered as scarcelyworth cultivating, and as very certain to make no for-tunefortheindustrioustillerofthesoil. Wheatis statingthatthehopcropofOJeegoCountyisexpected wasveryaccurate,andprovedbeyond,questionthe brothelsandlager-biersaloons.^Solongagoas183G,WATFjt.—Th«ty and peacefBooton, S*pt: 19,1060.'LEMUEL SHAW .ed a single individual, and about $1.25 per bushel; flour about $4 per hundred. many admirable qualities of the new musket. __ strange to say, he like- The corn crop is promising, and I believe fully up to to give the growers of that county $600,000 for the We have several days later news from the Western homthedoctorhadpre- theaverage,thoughmafewplaoesitislight,owingcropofthepresentseason. Thisstrikesusasenor- ArmyDepartmentsbytheCaliforniamail.Lander'sWs'rt Broadway (then Chapel "street) was widenedfrom Franklin to Murray street 25 feet bn each side,tooneorbothoftwothings: First,plantingthe corn mously extravagant.tooearly,theafter-snowsandrainsrottingtneseedinopen. " I say, my the ground; second, depending too much on the iJuat- I figures.Who can 6^eW the actualUntitled Documentwagon-roadpartyhadcompleted"itsopera'fonB andre- turnedtoMarysviUeandSa.cram.ento,wherethestwk•>—i iun3ftyljMl>fe.i;.'<makingits preeent width-90 feet—which is 10 feet_ ^in in Iwww.fultonhistory.com^-^^..»;.„- ..y,-,..•.v^.^iss^-.5.'iw?iaAJ*yfu.:j.i^.:....^i....mi—in m*\\Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069r»i.uiliAitiimu'i, .li ....;Tne party baling had a pleasant tin.e, returned to "the North " on Saturday, and are perfectly satisfied with their investigation. The/firing of the marinsa.First:A T"• •• - FOR DI8THICT BI.BCTOR8.JoliuH.Brower, Stephen P . Russell, George Burr,•>'• JohnL.Coolr, George M . Clark,S .hearts, and to enlighten tne consciences of all those en- gaged.in their administration. ,tativesof.theBarofMassachusetts, andin meeting youforthelasttirae,Ifeel that itisnomeetingof strangers. Inregardtomost of themembersofour profession,,indeedallofthemwho approach myown position in point of age, I have bf en associated with themnotonlyinthelaborsof a common and honor- ableprofession,intheinteresting connection ofjudge and advocate in the actual administration of j usiice, but in the relations of friendship and social attachment. Itisinaconsciouuneosofthisrelation,andnot,I hopeexpressions of commendation in which you sum up our.State Committee an approval of w,hatl.recommend • stabbed bim again; the prisoner then tried to go dow.n emirs, andGentlemen of the Committee, my brethren, associ-terrace, w e performed the entire circuit of the lake, getting fresh 5» relwiththefamilyoftheprisoner;Ihadbeenout,andwhenI viewsofvinesandthicketswhichweknewwhenthefake<ruLAKGK.No.' 319 Water street, got into an altercation, the resulthavenodoubt,asuccessfulefforttoobtainatoncefrom prisoner'swif<sthenheldmyhusbanddownwhiletheprisoner' differentboatsarebeingbuilt,andthatthgnawillsoonbeenoughourStateorganization,will be continued, our tickets •Jfolio«-manOoakleyoftheFoarthPrecincttestified to.arre»tingoffered for the euifi/ages of the people at the coming thv prisoner, mid finding a bloody oheath-knife on his person; and To tht Editor of The N. Y. Tribune: '•ARMY AND NAVYINTELLIGENCE.tbe time.his joun.ey in case of »ickness I gave bim the note, and he bid me to'/i b"y. and I was gr«en en ugh to supple"he h«d gone; but 1 have lesru^d «h>t he is still in town calling on our pro mi-onr fleet in the Gulf of Mexico. The Pawnee is 280•< * . — :: .An instructive and somewhat interesting te.ies'of etock this week is not so good, on the average, as ittective commodity. Sand w a s next tried in a similarmanner, tit a distance o f #00 yards, but the conse-quences were totally different. The balls not only didnot pass through the bag. but were, at a depth of s i xinches, flattentd into shapelees forms, satisfactorilyeetabliehirg the superiority of sand for the purpose in-tended, l i is therefore believed by Capt. Ward thabags of moist Blind are the most effective guards againBtdestruction during a fire on ship or fort, an inferencenot at all new, although frequently comba'ed. A sin-gular fact developed in the experiments was the cer-tainty with which the slightest impediment, thrown inthe path of t i e ballj rendered it comparatively harm-lees. A fchot paSfiPg through a breastwork, beariogthe feame propoitiou to the weight of metal dischargedas an inch board does to a three-ounce inueket-baU,, paits of the City must have been atruck with the i^aotmttmmikmmmmmimmm^mMmMtwmmmmm..» • » M .• The prisoners were cemmitte'd, snd the witnesses all i.ent'eitizeps, exhibiting my note and making collections on th«ACAPKMVDabie" will be performed in French tn-night. •Moos. Poilippe and Mons. Genibrel, and Mesdainea 0<>ls6n and Beitncca Maretzek will appear ia this o^era.BuLL'jS HKAD—-New- Yo\ k Cattle MarketTuesdaybroker, who buys eome of the best bull cks in theQAK ORCHARD ACID-SPRINGcurative properties of this Water are eatabliafaed beyond questi-w- Call and see testimonials from physicians and other ceapeotaU* individuals.1hKAX W , BOSTWIOK (late of Coming), 8ole *«••*. MetropoUtanHotelBuildings,No.«*Bro*dsnsj.• / < ; . ; • »(Adv««s««MM»t.l -rv * ATEVERDEIX'SOLDWEDDiKfl-CARDDEPOT.No. «*» Broadway, see the elegant SAWK TT»&r A'XMMNO morethanBroadwayaverages—buteventhisia- CAXI>S. Allthenew»t|le«ofCAtUM-**r*atvariety<rfsped-uiouir,•ARREST OF A CONSTABLE CHARGED WITH EMSB^-  