 s:t;<MfTANDCOUNTYAFFAIRS.^should be absent longer thatnooOoerorBbyaiciaa oftheBoard.TexasJ theraliseat It was OB Ihe East River sUe of New-York. He coa-her mother havtag refused theft- eoaseat to the mar-Nu«; Sherwood orersameFrom Onr Own Oorrsapondsnt.information about histhat asuspiciousridtogThe license was granted, and he hobbled oa properOF CAMTASSBRS. lOTAL Toni:ni| VMS OAXDioAnk> BOARD"'lB-GeBeral, to latoiviM «iw,flilBU«U?laatblat, 774 BWpal npaid $2morning,did nut know wtiat time it vrasmeans of knowing the timedown the railroad from Van Size's bouse ; ITatnIspirit.got stoppMlcircle. HisendwasA rather i^ch scene oc .-urred in Lamparilla-street,Itwas PrortOC*ofBarinas generally beUered the^^,J.F. A, -White orer ClihMiffsr, 1,833.;to beMany Legislaturesaijm'^I^HB. V''" ".''''''''aad responsible when, through Incompetency,.ihave seen the100» don'tknowwherehelivesanddontknowhishame~ '^*'"*'Wall,scuterfag. 130. Bardware', lion and ^MPBarhave obtained all the mtontia or detailsof this alblrJohftB. HaCwm UjoaaCoroner Wooi>, of Queens County, continued the investigation as to tbe murder of J. D. Coltix, atam sure of that;Engineer United Stetes Mwry.has left Buflhtofi>r Erie,J. K, LlTlngptuB, tJKr. 'tookHMOatfirtoPa,, where make expeilmaBts oa Ike;'jl,John Keraaib 14,011 ;hatiM qntWBfttnc of the jBnard. A4mat«ltfea«td«bat«.Hded in that boose Mr. Size, his wile, their little girl mad and hit the man over the head with a corn cut- and California Menagerie-at the same- time. So his place. Mibahob left toe city last eveotog, takiag started lor Canada, where be now is."Alte|Mjl|HT«»nj»d fv ';saw him again at twenty mlnute^i ta nine-^together wanted some manure:'b^ 7«^JSutaries=5Jf into ii^ someand swear toat at the time he (Ssivxr)Bed twicesix ttiMiUtra times'wecCatttset 818 ismales.took U tofriend,entirely by this course, prorided Mn. Labsbaid did notUCT.—Kerrigan. 5,1«;;poorS,M4mtSeimg, inchilingWilllamsburgh)Maatoners. iJ.uOO WMhis suit her pareots firorad.S,(*S 81^ DudK-^-Cochrane, 6X*;stated, onofTihnetimealceyctwiotnh otfhe Count's familyt.o the PreMdential'.minuteo'clock that night; I then opened the tloor' and let; to come down and see if It wa**GuadalajaraInextgreat.;80 three times; 63 fbur time* 23 ;if heforlow roe mywatch,andhe said1 told himif; °ff "f ^^.122^.^0^Su^'s!'.9«9»? spentonce think not more than onefe— paideight centsASRITAI. OF THE BIENTII,|,B.,DutaicT—Ward, 10.814 ;:heard from._<.». Ward oTer Dow. i,3tl7.conveying frUght and passengers, towing of vessels to andftom the City, to Biackwell's, Ward's and SBndali'a Islands, thus aoolish- Irfi the rrerent syrtem of tran>ml8iiiun by feiTT and steamboat, and making the forcepaid ten shilltags fbr the shirt bongnt of tbe ;disri/ptlun ihe glorioua Union, and they add that— HenryA. Biddick and .AdrianSnider,both somedlfl-, 1,171 ; scattaiiog,t>urt4»«« uf laborFor buiUing Ii.fants* Murstry on Blaskwtfli's813,000tliedoor she ;Havanaontheafternoonofthe18th arrived Inst.,pipe frisedto and qiake any,instaatly both<paraaa dra«%'alah, 3,239 ,103.Irland; toform'part of tlia Aimahoose, for that class of depeuleata haret-iior^ piaced at nurse in tbe Cny. BT this prdridun they wlU bevoderthe iiBBiedlBta supenritloa of re-sheletmeIn;Onion, whose driuna harepistolsed, when his ferutoer, who was -1«'-'fiir aear ay.foodinff. 3,301 i^XBO; acatlcrlng, 104.baniuster and lighted the candle;Went upstairs andnorthward,butnonevrithin distance. signalhialB, a wound from which Snider died to,.u, SOU:O'dhea, 309; acat-10,000;finely.ThesteamshipcomesgoodDemocrats andRepubUcans, to toe willbare fim of toeir own aow and(bah. Afewdaysagoanoldman,upiBi'witoee bead toe frosts of three soore and ten wtoters haJ de- hobbledtototheClerk'soOceatClndnaaH,iDaan, 430; Criift, 3,233; Dunn, :M8 CtBit orer Reiley, MO.did not ask his namedid not teke cruise.op<n a trunk,At Union, last week,(82,550.)H,;acatteilng,SO., thcrefove*''aald Joint ifajUlttlLamberts livingabout there;jumpedover the fence hooted,Col. Wood baa done more to show the natives theHis master took his servant to Baltimore oa business a few days previous. The slave was a book-H (auttlierareliefabybut in JtD way dictated ceedings.orI was In here wito the men who worked on the road:Altoongh in haste, 1 willteU you that one toousand men haveTuomey, 3,98t M. Kerrig^a or«2BJgo;b—Catfrey, 3,140 ;„ Raauey, a«; gotcharacter was district. He went out to search of and found.District Attorney Aaa-would be back received no Saturday night;;Mr. LiaooUiWakeman, m_ ljelat)lauie over Wakeman,;peddler; old not uke tea at Tan Size's that ereolngOITIL WAX IBTXMBZOILA—ABDICA'nOKAND UieaidufKianrepaw,,^Eiaior-Delauliime,1»,47»joiilbe asked by toe Southern Steles, »iidthataFrenchPrincewill becalledupontorale uvertoeSoutbemiitotes. How great is toe Inoraace of Ihe American character, they thus display? 'Think- ^"^-mtoent cuUjregardingat had Coffeerllle, Miss.,ASSatBLTlIBK.^n, 1,830; Smith, M4; Fita-at John Tteraey'sfirst at the iront door andConUlog, «,MeIn addition to the foregoing, "the following annountsupon furtlier examination to be called for, by econo- some money at TIemey's that day;.f:i,j^^laaTeU, 3,113; Hall, Shaw orer Blaurelt, 44U.in the morning; thatwasallthatpassedbetweenusmajority.The ballet boxes have hitherto, and, I hope, wlU—W«>l»r,-M»»don't know where I them— not tell bought {;ould; Wa»aiai«taryraxer, 3,«Mrat the several InstitutionsFor fOraitttre for new Island UoapitalFor exten*aon of building for Lunatics, to re-2.300 10,U0Umucn ac- would not know the min If I left my clothes in the store, and told thecruise.Tbe United States steamertlcs. hut to speak of breaking up toe Union—pshaw—Youag over Greene, 729..JiaiCT. Foung, 3,3M!agedsareoty, pre-Ureene, 3,6M riMiaiOT.—ReUe;, 1,093; Bogirt, 1,341;Uont. Com- manding T. A. Cbavxh, arrived at Havana on the man was an entire stranger to me—never bad seen raomisg of the 17th, and sailed that evening on a'Usgrocery store, in the Plaza de San Francisco, broke;;should see himthe man that I would call for them on SaturdayMokimk,3,113; Boyd, 2,123; >«rer Soya, »wl.TotalmeDeathtiasI—Baid), 3,U«0; HcKonker,BBCAFITITLATION.For support of the several Institutions, viz.resident Americans of this On city.vritoentictogUf. David WhitmaBt'toI; Hooper, 1,143the and consump-low, but unfortunately stumbUng,ground,gotoFhlladelpbiaonbiswayto freedom. ThsUdy I't>-LaiBbrecbt, 3,104 ;$589,873 T0.300dontknowwhattimefaial.toe haiaharmtfrlng. 40. l~i>dgnacT-BiggUu, 1,630 ;to the on City;Tuesday gotnoihlngelse on Tues-)gotdaypaidWllllamsburgh on Tuesday—tratteting, Dotuet—Hatchings, 3,7<1 ;Ulg-likenessesjournalsrecently,;avar Fonda, 741.olBcial conduct uf the Department toroughout. AMODIiT OF APPBOPBIATION FOB 1860.(13th,) abouthalf-past sixI o'clock, guess^U.,;:JW» Of BUPRIXS COUXT.Decrease 878,834 From the foregoing sum of 8669.373. the amount which will accrue from Excise license fees, which is for the benefit of the poor, wtU be de- ducted, and the balance oiUy will be raised from taxa- tion on the real and personal proper? of the City —the amotmt realixaa from this source during theout of the car just before I got to the half an hour or an Itotir or so in WU- crossed the Feck to New-fled to the woods at sOOn U thef were beaten.tentions, had engaged passage by the saawwoBDnL•;given case,J. T.WIIiyiljJttHll.; T. B. Tan Buren, 33,130; A. KWiiMV^niWl' Hoffman orer Tan Buren,1 guess;or mlsmanassment on Us the part,cUentsaf- TeraoatcttT jinxii.; I told Mr. Tan Size that I was goingSpanish—Hr. Allen C. ^teener. Chief;8ch«an#aeldir, 19^. Stewartorer£ly, 3,481.landing;Someoftoemwere and sbeisatpressntslaytogattheresideaeeofAldaakaa already arrested,Chahr.f* -' :in the proceedingsand whileseemto have;it was after suoper;I was going along er Pizarro, and conveyed to Vera Oruz.againsttoe factions.Mempliis, NEWS ITBMS.AlMnilVB'Bftei* pnaested "^the followingpreamble taken it for granted that the prisoner is guilty of the heard them mention my name, and 1h jump-city railway continuation to the Carro is posi- tively commenced.IMPORTANT FROM MEXICO. ABDICATION AND DIFABTUBX OF HIBAVOK..;they;sued against toem. Tlie ifa^atttro (Spanish) was toe furtoer violence of the slaver oiqitaiB, had him brouglit only Tessel of war at La Guayra.datt^'tlT 1HX SIXTH ABO XIOBTH AytKVX TlAi Board net la«t night, I*re8ident Pick in theCorps justformed inAdiiagi,Kfehl-iial llMinilllliWiiti«B^.nrJfi)i toedal Committee aitpointedmurder,ed over the fencemen on the road had not heard that men were up an) thing but a success at the Villa Nueva Theatre.,;"Miss GazxsriiLS, the Black Swan;?' achievedriihoe«an-,^a«481;present year being nearly 840,000.I lost my wayIinquired went up— Upon memorial of the Government, toe Supremerequest ofclient,toJohn Sedgwick, 39,387 WtGISTIK.rt toNew-York,andperhapsmightgohemetoSing intheahoyeasmestreet,U. T. Brennin, 33,7M Xyneh, i{fSI. Kener orer Lynch, 2,774.Jai.ey of the ^maish' to eat; don't know what hotel it was; it was that can be offered to a Spaniard. UpononHser,hadupontoe Governor of he not Matarto,having obeyedsteamy M>ckvo"ithegaiBoMalasd..Ad>CBTI80B.134 o'clock yesterda,' afternoon, officer Latukvills, ofthe Fifth Precinct Police, Brooklyn, brought JosiraLabbixt, arrested on suspicion of having murdered about 2 o'clock Mr. Coltix, before the Coroner. Labbixt manifest- until the boat leftin Albany and Troy. WUh hn- mother aad bkotheta;;Mr.Sing ; taA,aeeiuiBghim, as 1 hwiXr o< pnrp asBlj^'maniag,he havtog acted faiiblessly in the discharge of tiis duties.in tk*Committee, Wiilal iiiiitan lif" llwi Japanesebecause I thought they were after me for a little scrapenightdlaaatdHto report In B4)(.«zpevUture Inconed by them Inon morning went to my grandfather's andenergyoftheAmericancharacter,thananymanwho greatupsecurelyeverynight;buttoedarkeyoneerentogrenjenatning the said Japaaeaa Ambaa- _ irllh, If prepared; if not, Husa that theIhe told him to and close it ma.^ier goVam diaohaiga jgyaaltgatlng the;Letters from Mexico teU us that taken on the 23d, after a furious assault.wasMkin th* haada of the City Chamber-;and of m 99,156;Soii't know whatbought about tonwlUDon JoBX DoBinoo Sarchst Bxttins has been elect-charge, and3b. Birdsall orerand moreTuesday CjmmercuU AttvtTtittr at ApalachlcolB. He.leaves, IFonda, Murray, 633 Cittterlng, 44.90 left Mr. Tan Size's home on ;—Not a little excitement was created inKaek-Ijara OinaicT—Tartu, 3,229 ;.UCvH* Varianot'erJohnson,910. Forsupport,*c; went, ITilMpili Dhtbiot.—Arculaiius, 1,306; HsCaba, For buildings, Ac I.lOI^piandiill Klcb,443; John Burke, 34; scatler-iag, Sl|^ Arcttiartui orer McCabe, 47.$639,130 107,049—$740,109asked him wnlch to and he told me way go.for the vana, are to toe 22d ult. storywas, that some hadwag toacrtoed oatBeBuMiiiaiii DinaiOT.—Jonea, 1,338; Cununlng, For support, *c l/Wvttpaham, 043; acatterlng, 34. Jonea orer For buildings, *c$589,875 —79,500 600,375causing toem frequent and heavy loss-— tost.Beiu. W. Bonsey, 37,032 ; jvB«g o» 8UPKBI0K coiia.peace.went down to Fulton-street and up Fulton- in this city, a few days ago. A .Mr.on steamer.flia'difclailil 51,738 Joh^MnWMferry Uamsburgh"#;T(i»M«4; M. 'aof your City, has,of Prortocesbad united,;1|3; acatierlugi gM,. Batnard orer;would soon surrender to toe Government.O'he President had pardoned those, who at MeridaDow, 8,417my, necessity, or convenienceFur bnlldlDg a steamboat tor ferry, and fortnlcf, twsy that daySpai.i-h farsiends, readHy eaase OFTBBLATBPBX8IDIRTIAI.BLBQTIOIt—TBI Ia'beybeliere,of \heyh<ipe,thatltwilltendandtlbiw^Mivfitinf the monthly statement of the re- he was not in a hurryhe canie In as he Sing Sing;calptilftte Sfzth kJld Eighth-avenue Railroad Coji-usually diddon't know the officer who came to the house onwas murdered or killed that night—Mo iday nightamusements,satisfactory. Quitean ad-p—'i««^ from July 1 to Nor. 1, an follovrs SUth^avenue.:that I was wiih him In the store did that nlgbt, and asked him to loan mc 810; I told mycapitalOn the let tost. Mixahob was expected to leave brating toeir recent rictory by a supper at a hotel inJuly.". Auntl September October„....f30,563 11 29,69144 32,038 87 34.378 22$39,610 03 33,644 43 34,323 11 33,034 30overnot say to him that Lambert was in ahurry and fright-TotalsBoard aCftoumed to Monday.$120,871 64was killed on$142,834 13 Thembeingnootherboatnsaa for transaction, thefirst heard thatColyer inthestraw-stackBOARD OF COUNCILMEN.—IJl.;1 am {lot certain wiilcb of us opened; Tuihill, 163, Fitz- Walihorer Fitzgerald,Mr. Prtice. a crowned head, aaain raling orer Statt she aald she thouglit it was Lang, northeriy gale from Hatteras up, and passed aa or Matta of that aayand fired. Rlddlck feU, woua4- morallyWoodwoRh.eU;ated(orasinglehour,oreventootightof. No,ourWouiriuf i,tt», Hoppa, 1,W3;and have tlie adraiitage of wholesome food, pure air and ventilation, and the cure of (ScleiM aad rellabis females For erectiijg Gas Works and Fixtures on Blaekwell's Island (or new Island Hospital,went to bed thenbcjlere I asked where Johnny was,Theweather tn Haraiu was pleasant, and healthSouthren bretoren may fret and fame a little, batlulltettagiFraaer, 1,973 ;dayquainted In New-Yorkdissensions. Menwillholdvarious to opinloasooli-scended,announced himself Joshua Qlbsoi,sented the followtog document, and demanded per- mission to make toe vridow a blustitog bride.acatteriiig, 43.time it was when I things—believe it was in the forenoon,theseWtmaw, Metsengerpositionthe sooundreL The wound, It is feared,Campbell, Lambracat orerFor steamboat, buildings, gas works, wasning machineryeleven o'clock;Ward, 1,404 ;Total $669,373 These estimates are based upon the experience of past expenditures, which may be decreased by strict acoouniabllity, which It Is hoped wlil pervade theimpiovenents m the line, it is anticipated, will soon be can led into effect.Johnioo, 2,319 ;;believe,latter resldtog at Pawpaw, la the State of Indiana. It may be aome alight aatl&factlon to his remaining rela- tives to know that he had the best medical attendanceCata-engBBed Ib tiUs buslneas aTsUatiile lorothershe opened tbe door,;maay lirokenaaimderaseasilyasa;;;Newo (VoB Caba, Teaecaela, Bad Mexico.;;him beforethe hidbber of bis storealso got a pair of boots—not at the thebootsatastoreclosebytheclothingstore,I be-Gla-hth-aTenae. Tuesdaytheie were two there—one wlta Mr. Coo-it said in the papersgrandfather that Theodore Colyer was not la theureeario of an ItalianAnd yet I doubt not, without possessing a knowledge; I meanTKr. Tan Size's room OOV^ AGOOmiODAnONg—BEM0N8TBAKCI fBOK garret " ;after be had Jobimy, John-;not appear to be giving general satisfaction. HerIt was also believedRoblss wouldremain substi- 'Wi^B-ATUiDXKAILBOAS—COEITTUS BIX* TOoeen up stairs a few minutes, he said.ny ;" I opened the door and says, " What do you waut,Baw him passing by in a wagon with Mr. Van Size 1 was at the side of a stone wall, about one and a half"friend Max Mabxtibx hadof Gen. Coxab.pg BSMOTBD.A Mgiilai meeting of the Board was held last even-" Tell Johnny to call me before he goes away, as 1 want to see him ;" 1 then told Johimy'sJo ! " heing, lit the absence of the President, Councilman wife what Joe saidbeen for us.BoHganoii was called to the Chair.A communication from the Superior Court in an-me and Lambert that nightwore away, but of bis pants I did not take notice we were talking together no time at all t}efore heawecto the remonstrance of the Supreme Court, rela- tive to the cootomplated change in the rooms of thewent to bedcoat was buttoned about half wayhis ; 1 could see his;he had seen and talkedshirt and collar twoCooita,wasread,andreferredtotheLawCom- wentawaybefore*Iwasup,butitwasn'tearlyhe;HcClallen, a prominent citizen of Au- died to toat city on Friday, to tbe 71st year tf hiaBdttae. Thesamediipoaitionwasmadeofaresolu-;was lie halloed, and 1 wentii| horse-backtloB oOered by CooacllmanLSBT, tendering the use ofhad no overcoat;Since 1SI8—for nearly half a cento'y—be ahgaes. been engaged to toe manufacture of firearms tothe Chaaiber of the Board of ODoncilmen to the Su-about the houseI cannot tell particularly;prem*Cotut,torholdiBfGaaeralTerm,asacompen-; knowtbevestif I;he told me to give him wliat I had with mesatk—i^te gidng Dp tkalrfnMBtroom to the Supertor lure seen Lambert have a knife ; believe they call itstoppedCOQgt. a dirk-kBlfe;CoHDXBSPOBT, Fa., Monday, Nov. 19, I860. Ur. Ely Biis, a prominent and influeotiali her of this community, a man of extensive bnsl^^'^'pieation fcomttaDapartment of Finance;r a»at the AinliuHnlan for paying the sal-that was the last time I sawchain, Ac, ke. There are to be'never saw it before thenit; it was then in his hainddont recollect that he said anything in pardeular about it.; notlUngtoeatonTuesdayuntil2o'clock. Tftiere fobtought my clothes the man wrapped the old clothestoe capture of the Spanish bark Maria Ooncepcian." Crops aad SalTeriwca of Ike People In Kaaeaa.«f na OoaaoB Council was ex- 4».«Ia.;Dm the Sixth-avenue Railroad reaolnSan for paving SLrth-arenue, Hid and Fifty.jilnth streets, with (ene-tfaiid of the expense thereofdid not my name on the bundle putnext y«ar;ordtoary, uponholdtogCountyiKt,) was referred.TIemey's Colyer was ; left there came away with me, never saw Lambert at allmr it was from theHalldont know how far itsixteen of beside toeand a hundred and one ofto a sense- ofto award tue contract for re-murderec nearthe Hall that at all daywas toft a rest at Tan Size's ;'TheI amproceedtogsingleliirough;to the New-York Submarine Mr. Colyer Thomas Seamanfrom the Peck-slip ferry;drawingsis to betoe manground, discharged, lodging; for818,730—theworktobe "andtwoorthreeothershumanity. wore the rest avray ; I did because it iras better to accommodate ttioae who only wish to risk a dollar. It is nataral (or \u to differ to opinion, yet it is alto-it up, toe giiii waa^__a^jooned to Monday next.to Sing Sing after I got in New-York, on Tuesday on the 4th tost.,: I atthetown of Macagua, without toe tooae stetemenu do. In a matter of fact. I came to was a worthy and consistent member of the.Methodiste fourteen limes -tirtkFf rmWttinea; 2fifty, and 2 sixty timesaltow me what 1810 gave lor the;to bum >.p aU "'"'l''ef ttliyi'"VBtQiUBl are deemed deputies the ;told Mr.1 wanted to see Johnny" (Tan Size) be- this; before I went away; much money but if he wouldSbavbt did ment was foundnot appear to testify, but thisdocu-;13 twenty-for a couple of dollars ; at about a quarter past- he wonld$16, ho not have it for $10 ;notup the Neosho River103 TbB laum Bosfrai. —All the Assistant Physicians'told him he couldand to bethatThe Commiasloneta, flnce tnelr 1»*« reo-irt, hare BODOy I t>roaBht from. QiI did not leave old elolbes where I mythan24booiawithoutpermlaslea;moaaythe tlnuedon aa- the UJM Sing boat; Itwasanoystiraid-ilq^rstore:of theyoungpeople, appUcattoairasmade"> bee".toiSSSi.lnihelrew5irth. the »"C]oLo°i'mlLlKM.l«o;n!2m^'orfat EUaaboto City, N. J.aace, on Thursday lectureon"TheCh.r«=teroflatlooa as aareed uponEmin«Son^wilie iJiustnient of the unsettled claims-lThe Board of Cutot^Mk^et at noon ^^Anday,Mr. TvuB Is Uif 01l]|J|ti'|Miil led to adi Ifi tbaTote* poUad far th* vMM^'tfefMldatsi In the CItr udCountr of Naif'Toik. JU^aaeoion of about two iJne lfnof«?"d: the fulfument ofhour*, tl»Boaid aAjooned te IS o'clock tO'Klay, whan Kfir'edto oby their iwiectlve Bounset Appendel arked forthe aoneyselling^ ^?ii??ei^ letters ftooi Pre3lentDa*p«a to the Coin- mT«.toDe.sof EnrfpSona»dth^oouo«l in regardat toevartous placesdeslguato^ andoltbaeaaatwi^ Ml aoiitinaed until completed.^ from the official cuunt, mates ol the various Institutions, being an increase a twenty dollar gold piece, and told him that except B aet of boxing-glovesThefol- lowlastiimmtf$vpoftheToteapoUedforeachcaa-sul^ect. younglady'smotltor,saying I had only lars ner week: bought while at Tan Size's she was not his child. Tbe Countess vrlsely referreddid not and come,(ouHMHHMiSHiPt eoy, daj.the week U have 1 would get It changed some time to morrow,n< 70 over previous report. During (Mon-;"Be*f,fre«t;AB«r salt...Cual. lostitaUona and iNulton16.0m) when I left "nerBey's;of it she had lent tilt yiituig lady, and being supposed'store of a peddler; I gave him tbe twentv-cents a fayWitness corrected bis fonneryoung My'-cdi^aBtnxKr.;her aid to toe yoitog people to their courtship: site was—A' elopedof fireen uUa(-BHtasH',UICT0B8.;Mr DaiPia, President of the Bosrd, submitted his ones, twos and threes, I believe ; when I left Tan put the new shirt on the day I bou»ht it. had given hr r heart's affections. With this information changed, for he had diseanjad his xray locks la favorWllUamsoa, 4,33S ; ^^ Wood o«r Wliilamaon,twao Moe 13,60«;Sauri«a—;gold piFC7, and he gave me two five-dollarstotement tiy saying torcatened as above steted faer master. Thinking[.—Wood. »,'»U f- •^—:-- Warden*,'*••''* doUarpieces, two two-dollar blls, and tbe balance in aUreron carmaUnglast with anat the;ont-Ooor poor ColoredHome l>oDatlon>tooo(-doorhe830 piecesbyThursdaybuaineas to Westappreotleeb^»no«eeha;;SintakeuofThe »"«lily sutement shows that 7.639 are now in-Mid him uatto CountreferredSthe mauer.them^;could have it thf n if he wanted it ;then wentTan Size's ; nothingpaidhim three dol-tlckeu aoldFlour to ostduot p(0,;«3,aM[tMla....'. Stetl 8.000'THr;gave a dollar blBare required for the objects apeclfied, if esteemed tbe BSB keeps grain at the brewery, I believespunalble parties,; Tobed;"thatwasall,Ibeliere,untilafif re little calm rafiecron, they will, L should trast,bonoi.and <m Randalll IdaadFor the introduction of Washing Macnlnery12,000bought the elotliesStatessteamerCn>««d«r,Lieut,Cemmsaiingplace Ihe aiLOunt formerly.aporopriatei for ttiis olqect and expended by .he late Board of Governors, necessarily requlfsd for the care aBd eecuriiy of the lasaiie.^icl to re- lieve the overciowded condition 01 tbe pres- ent Asylum;Food, clothinff, coal, wood, donations, sala- ries, ftc^^.or it was when Idied ofprove herself asseverates her say s toat she left homeappropriated;Slip FerryThe loltowingFridayasked **wliat them men were there for ?" aske;! grand-yesterday:;theyOn totirup. The bo-it and asked He exhibited free (forgedj andMary B. Manner, swornI reside inUnion-place,Philadelphia__ I'Sumaittee be and tliey aM liereoy di- New Lotts, with my brother, John 7an Size on me in a cornfield ;there were two or uighu He superintends two exhibitions nearly a mile"^^i and Joseph Lamberihim at about two o'clock P. M.;don't know whichthat 1 would go down and give myself upI amasked my the Tacon Theatre, los Senores Jmxnxz & HiaaiaA,with him almost all tbe troops toat were there.of Massachasetto is 1.231,697. vihich shows a gato of 237,041 to ten years,l>ia--«MM«.'A MIMMiMtias waa reeelTed from the Comp- was; I had a light when I let Ldrnbert in;eiafnthey will give him $13,000 he will ;him Intothe house I knew the time, because ;myThe alarm to toe capital wasA large number of soldiers have left the city in pur-Inhabitants now against 160,508 in 1850. Includiag towns wbit-h will probably in time be coosolldatea under the Municipal Government, toe total number of tobabitautfi, accordtog to the Transcript, would be 40i,tyt«. yened me was thereheard the knock at the door, and asked n nostore that idgbttold my grandfather tliat unless he of a note ofwith histoe town, the floor of one of toe rooms gave way and about 150 persons into the cellar beneath, freevceirpalltawtedre scratehed and bmlsed, but none wareJoe;ario as he has with everything else he has underta- ken on this Island.seriouslyhurt.;;here I wouldmusic,Colonel,sfrong;Is Opera Company. itnot ?com- Mexico toe next day. All his men have passed to;replied,had seen my before that, and he told me all about it that is all that passed between gtrhaendfaItwhears inside of the field when the officers wentagain Opera Companypermitted to 'up, I toink, betweensixand sixo'clock half-pastdon't know which, and got in front of the houseI knowthat should;in hispocket.gentlemanwasonthe Paseo,;;:young;—As the Republicans of Little Utica were cele-*of litUe general intor- Joarpk Lambert^ sworn : I reside in Sing Slog ^ haveyears backBOASB dVeHAatriEB AND CORRECTIONS. I shall be twenty-one years old the 3th day of next.APPBatnOAIIOBS FOB 1861. Julynot sure how was a watchman ou the;try settled to toe Neosho Valley, Allen Ceunty, who blame but carelessness Is attached to ct"h"e"m"a""n"^h-arJt^a"gThe Tegular meethig of the Board of Charities andCotreciloDS was held, yesterday, at their rooms in worked for Mr. Hoag, helping him cut his com,did not knowroad for awhile Bead-street, Sihiob Daana, the PresideBt, In the to two or three daysI shouldcause I expected to get married op Thanksgiving Plata, fcc, late dates nave been received by the Dia-be careleas'Chair.A larg* ntunber of communications were raad and;;roNTLrsio-v ox A Foisc-fLto of Mr^ S«AH a"h Hsalst^ThetriatiiiOWBd to each is 8216 inmateshavel>eensenttonessed bvti b^llTo^^"^neighboringperson,from thisgot peace," Come, throw the dice before ;" we out to drink, and a man told me that the horse wasto research toto this matteri'cai"*'^"'whowiU toit thsT dosunrise.The vetdiirglves Richabdsob a homejpi^oiotedplace;I gotmywatchbackthe was in- whom he » as courte- ha^a husband. al-she had purchased strychnine on or "Mr TM?.perpayhim somemoneythat Itold him I had notthatcorrespondentfrll^. 7sitlio re^onable, l"^?:....,h«ttheseiUerstoen admltttog t^ abo« out was to Ricaiansoji'a hani-eonSnement all those who tiM Ttolation of City Or-I can East River sideto theUoduced to thereceived with thesy and kindness of that family. The Countess daughter,—the Count bemg her secondFor this young lady, toe young gentltman beforeI«ians Asn«a.-J> 8, Dndeiiiill was awarded a;the moneycountrv, and p^n,,^oase,aB iron tank, at 8293. rtSSSS!!-\ft iiS-imSi of B.T. Hough. — Co. has beea aeMtil *»» •*»Sfn«: •,*««TM-I had over 8-100 when I'^;;.ftw : *a.. 88»«SS«Wdof for JfarflwiCjvBllse never carried much with me 1 ;;had $43vcimeas, having bis attention.called aa to tbe tiponHer father-ln-iawandandquietly taken back to Us master to Maryland.;watch,onlyfew days previously thrown r"aitfenlDValvgilgtaiu^on'n^bujy ouur' fir"' Leglsf.ture,strychnine, and urgtog blm to be thewitoess4only annum andColyerfore he went to bed towas three or four weeks/ndiiiTnlnyofouruponhis and although with-at their that tbev had friendspermittedknow who the man was that told me the horie was has led to toe discovery of as pretty a piece of gossip T^M koowinstitution,said,you go;Colyer;flogged field,sent to tbe sujarestate"^n^^j",^'for he needed a be saved friend, and couldonly"lepneantlngto take care of them. One of there near an hour, if notMy or scandal as I have heard Inatfseharged and another has MB (MO to 8300.himman who wanteo to sell the horsemouth hence. Towhom are to*^'Untitled Documentof;:possibilities,plank;stoyhad raised nearly nothing, having to haul toersiiae a dayTeiai andR.S.RicBAansoB.al;IfeUevecool for Kansas more toan three years since, and found a Church,a wife and five children to mourn;two days week;last no one aresixdollarspercwt.forflour,aadfromonedollartoMr. Tan Sizes iJieagoMonday I mon-inggave me anything during that timeFrom Porto Kico the papersup to the 31st ult.,one and aper bushel for com. The next was anotoer failure, attended wito thean for murder la Po" mouthtN Indictmegseven o'clock I told Mr. *'I wanted to go home couldhave itened to beto woik to theherself from toe balcony of toe residence of toe Count, ceased'father or Noah Lambert, dont know whichbeenin thiscity.hisday guns.suggested;; don't shouldseeit;FOB 1861.was all he said, only he asked me what our city afibrds, and all the kindly attentions of The Constitutional forces still continue to pursue Lincoto, Sprtogfield, lit.-•.»—INTHSMDKDEB 4)17KEN8COCNTT.had to walk back a good ways I know1 bought my clothes off Broadway—am not certainholdtog negtecthimCorvBCT's iBTeatlgmtioB Centiaaed—latereat- iBs TeailneBy af the Saepeeted PBity.1 hadme on Tuesday morning but money and clotaes(Africans)fell into thejustice ha^deereedW.R.'8tewart/lii»l^5^«t, 57,229 turtedbearing this, toeslavecaptain"squaredoff"alaIleenan,aad8. Ely, Jr^ 30,310; C. SCKBOOAIK.close the byreached tbe hotel staid there most of the timeInterfered with the pro- is the testimony in the case takento seecom- that time see Mr. Colyer pull out his watchdid not atpawBbroker'a shop andhasnever before wit-uwaJohnny";It for put up;;citizen ofFrederick Homer, died on Thursday lasL He had;;thirty-secondparteof astooptoipick— :way they on Tlascala.haveuponpronounced, and slave went sttalwht to thesaw Lambert on tbe 12th ;don't know that I should know him aguiu ;""came with him1 said that I would come up he said he would come up here SaturdayMe," uid I saidbad been there several limes before; be replied, " No,upGuadalupe.Ttft object of his expedition is unknown. Some;that evening.resided here, (in East New-York,) for two ta three;down behind the stone-wall and concealed myself; next saw Latinvilie as 1 was going asrosspected wito great anxiety.The Havana Diario ds la Marina endeavors to casthave no particular occupationhad spent nearlr all of the money I had—I had only robber being discovered.and Its roost supporter. He leaves; IboardedhereatMr.VanSize's;to bing Sing at tbe time I bought my clothesfowent to New-York, I did not expect to leave there I rose, toe toermometer stood at 43° of Fahrenheit.tong, two or three months ;before — Saturday— got aew etotiies be-^Ihadapairofbootson dont Itnow the numberHavaha, Friday,16, I860,:one of the editorssnd while in that waa sliot through the leg bysaw ter I cannot tell to athat I had either killed him or not killed him, I—The entiredo not know Olfioer Fro<t ;Colyerthat shall bevance from an exhibitor of wild beasts, to be an em-he said; I tliought It was Lang, tbe constable ;" he (Lang)is all the folks abed T* hMpMed up stairs, and 1 went up soon after him, and hsg^it me at the head o f;;OBITUAKT.;Thejoto MABqcBB, again otoers that he marches towards embark at Tepic.for nineteen 1 believe nights,wher^theBy Spanish ateamttdp Cuba,which arrived onbut when wlU men des wito firearms ?leam not toworlted for Charley worked for John Tiemey a day or—;IDay woi nowhere else while 1 was at Singhad about $6 30 when I left New-Yt>rk for Sing nabefore he to bed w^tfor $3 horse, wagon and harnesshad aand had thus committed suicide. As a.that ";up.hare been a little after elRht o'clock when I startednever saw other side of the North Riverbeforedont know the he ll<'ed on tbeto home gowent out of the store hack part of thetheyou as it was told to mein thistheir eyessioiile suir of hope appears, which mtotly glimmers in;after I left the store I went up around Smith's comer,storyalongbuta toher therewasnoacqulttaL Agato, •"5?7in,7^Matron inCoaunlssloners express their was in the store afier 1 left Tlerncy's when I left the the pawnbroker 83orMr.Hall's,andafterthat1wenthome Mr. ;on"TuesdayDuring,Summer,previously,It be an Illusion we willColyer store I had two $9 gold pieces, two 82 bills, and about;paid pawn- think it was on the do did notlie East. Perhapsmaytoe death of her husband, altooughsh'feur or five dollars in silver South—at Galveston, Texas1 earned this out moneythenot know what name ttere was on it ;;wi.t,,h^ eve«r>h"ell«d.fin„"i^isthree or four monthsever since I have been heregot back from Galveston about three or f-mr mouths;—Great excitement was created among the col-important murder trial i'ri'idrii£i?.^^:3.&^sr.ss.£;gave the pawnbroker the name of Joseph Lambertmy clothes are on the North River side, near where Itook the boat; think I could find Qte place. The luded formed a stocero attachment, which was re-kept the money most of the time Inored people of Harrisbnrgh, Pa., on Satorday, by the discovery toat a fiuUive alave had been arrested toere;ago my;ni^-;Courtworked for Ubalbi to '39; ha furnished HsALSr witoOh, it is you;he had on a coat that hesplendidcircusjust outsiderespectedSyracuse,took no particular notice of himthe lots by the house and around toe hillsdisbelief on this totelligence to tbe fuUowtog terms" The news we published this morning from Mexico was copied from the IVait d'f'nion, vritbout affirmtog it was true, and hoping toat toe Extraordinary, which was to leave Mexico on toe evening of the 3d, would;;would see me went over one or two stone ;walls, of the more prominent. A gentleman his car-Hugh;did not see him next morningitnhge wagon— burn,got he he wore his coat generally loosehe wore the vest you have got herethat is whattheysay'The Frogreto, of Vera Craz, of toe 7th, says nothingAitoum.^____^^_ gad AeetdeBUsaw it, I think, the day or tbe aecond day after he had tlia mosa on the road with them men;knife;To Juror—Don't know wliat clothes he left behind at the house.dentally County. loaded gun,Saturdaylast, nearShippeniHekaal.• James Shaler, sworn—; dent know how doa't know that I sawlOLA, Allen County,seen a number of stafemento inhouse wari at his store the ;HavingKansas suffering,duty, to offer my testimony for toe causeregardthe buahes, whsaleft there;price $32, but ticket are to be issued, so asconstialned, by ofto advance some stone coal on the spying:twenty-one drawingshe was a looking at it;ofthe sameI reside at Mr.thmk it was on the East River sloe;one each of aad ten of 000, $50,000, $30,000 $20,000,weresearchlagthe wood for aad ttmbar,that upon 7 o'clockCity81,000,twenty approximations.night;$2,000,$bOO,for a ticket in these latterinfile;about 80 or $0 jo left ; ray recentlyhad not made up mind to 1 he weauer has beenpromtoent his nntimely eni. sparse settlement of toe nerve and bone of our coun- His loss will be deeply felt by this30,000 $79,500no was ordered to foifow papers,bis way rejuictog. —Darid R. Jacqoea, 33,390; ed but little interest in the proceedings, and seemed trying atto 3 find wheIrethitnhke abtoat was; 1thweenbtoatto them most terribly. Mr., I also hear, fearing theSofne months since G. W. Hardwicke^ of tteWeii oyer Jacqtiea, 23,839,o'clock, Albert's,—;§ing Singshot Button to a i. LyncbMrgb Ftrgmian, JosephJ«iABO OF ALDERMEN.«V IBB JAPAUXSX aiaiSST—BI-with a sinile, and his general conduct was that of an innocent man, if not, at least of one who did not real- ize tbe enormity of the offence with which he is charged.day nightExcellency dismissed theCaptain-General, vrho, I charge, merely warning thegiven satisfac-to Teeatw Bad mtart—aln the Japaneae Eia||lBy hare feelini*, uae^m^mitatk%V». of itaita «i tfett^Ttheez- terruptton.By way of Havana we have advices from Vera Cruz to the Sto lost.ofUnion, Tuesday, says:^^^^ "—"youngthere lookingfor me heard the men meniioiisimply She was hissed firstthe night of her appearance andGeorgtaa, Wednesdayilnth- HiiHaiir nf Ilia iliiiliii -the name of";Lambert :" there are quite a number uf— the second sincethrough this city to Canada onin excellent spirits. He nodded to acquaintances uncle myAlbert Weeks; got there just after breakfast la theAs on previous days, there was a large crowd of people in attendance, who manifested a deep interestWednesday ntght:Ftoaliy,duringthiscompanyafterthere were no manifestations of their publicwent into a stack of oata^ there and stayed until moriiinr ; before meeting theseand the investigation proceeded without in-—The Eochestervery valuable fugitive slave belonging to a" AT^ grandfatherLAKsiai and Htar, Esq., of Sing Sing, pending the investi^tion,ofUs uncle aam preseBt, with counsel, A. iiCKaom;I said If it was anysuch as thingpopularIsin thiscity that,told, the lessees ofpopulation;;going down by the hill there up, ud he took me in custodyriage.^;;by got;itoatRico, their breadstuff from toe Potowatomie, Maralsgunowedhimhiswatchandsaid, "Youhad betterbegoing;" he for him; he wentasfarasPeckslip withme;"pass byTn^J^Iidt'li""' i«gfamme°?nlh!/cou5ty saypletely by^ „,.„ in the sum;Press, events cannot bepip^igdont recollect out thatHr.Colyerpulledto Cypress Hills I could tt of the American gettimes ofhere should beln a suffer-com-threw the dice two or three Uraes. I beliere staid not sound quite, after that ;'it mighthad hadhave had it longer than that•Indulge In expectation tmtU the star, meteor-Use, to blm out of the way, at different putto,iron tank and figures Ibr 8173. It waa rasolred left of the $400 I brought home with me from location of^ the clothin(-store, said that he believed ciprocated by the young laJy.Van Slsa'scapaotMTwhat State, aema oi^al'^WKn, and part of tt?~it vSae worth aotldng,ma «r foitr DSBoths;ponlea;threethraw itbon(btthefMMi|KMVbt my udee-sUrt thre« orOfBenj«nTn^Everett. Large number, oT^S^was not . little out Of Galveston part . agreeoM.>t the habit «r paying Tan SIxaIntottefWiM^ii up ui Ij of her parentsHon. EdwardNew-York;boat,b# learning whose compasy he was to hare, removed his baggage, and engaged state-rooms on anotoerYork;who is an segars,Bnd partner in one of the largest to-InOalvestoDeet I ;"^^^I;;the chiefofficer received;whom sheHis Excelleney th* C^telii-eeneral sent an et-ri-bywere soldthemoney waa «g:Suoday night (tl ..;believe Ifor the boots $4for ;vest and pantsRailwaywliom she Is charged wito abducting, overtookpaid $26 taken that day of myselfcoat, hat,l^egro,;1;street did not in Fulton-street;;billtook no receipt for my clothes;nothingLegleft ;The officers of were to search of toe fac- justice—Hiss Isabella Hinckley is visiting her tiieaSm;tin Lambert'samtold,;from 11 to 3 o'clock I was Mr« a terrific blow between the eyes, discoloring it seemed extremely energetic steps were beUig pur- Gibbs, of toe foinier city.;liafter I was in bed ;Ii* asked meif I wi hlslwlfe liave fouroriredollarsonMonday I haturned from Texas•dlfd 1 3e0 have been diacharited, 383 have been sent day ;) he said that would answer'; the bills in tbe va-toBl'ackwell'sIsland,andstxtoStatePnaon. lisewerefivesandsometens—differentkinds,some havebe«-nashighastwenty-fivedollars,forclothesdiatelystarted for the laUroad dtpot, where ' thav ~;—on hia back—a bundle bigAt thisadjonraed untii 10 o'clock A. H. on Monday nextbagpeddleT a great many times before;stogeof theproceedings the inquest wasdresses to the sndbut she took ihe matter lalo her owb 'fft'*^"1 MMo- ttme between midi.igbt had morning boldly left IBOed —some money at Middle TUlage^-^iievs I treatcoi qCuHisteeare reedybu'. i believe theof the leading poihts terau;don't know whose place it wascorrectlytoformantbelngoalioose by toe front door, met her Idrer, irent with feta to the nearest livhiy-stahie where they got atespent treatedooceor and Mr. Colyer took the money—tbe boy was ; BiigfalhavespenttwoorthreeahiUtogsthereand surted to of the nsafBStgotapieceofpieortwodown after I got at Taa Size's house first saw Johnny Manners' wile, (first witness ;) met herDKPABTirBXOFMIBAMOHFBOHMIXICOCITT. The United States steamship BtenvUte, J. D.lawyersbad ostopper at a]] ;tbe.trftlofaeaseOa Thursday last tliay met, aad Riidlek;;got an entire new suit there ;policemy signature and consent.took them home with of the store or the name of the man who keeps it, or the street the store is on; got a new hat on Tuesday where I got tbe clothes;Nov.lately taken from us one of the fewhim, but bevlnglieve;;Hrs. Fultz lies in jail in Baltimote, ehaifel;a slave to leave;We have had a visit from the United States steamer 3Ichtiuk—illwell.the best way was to go down toa ralltoad that ;at one of the to aregister hotels, tx>ld hand. AbrahAM;;was were animated reported theya betterhad three don't know where itriouswas— this city some seven months since, he published thecarry her bundles. gbosaysthatthlsUaUshokBOWf of him.;leftDouglas New-Orleans to tbe Uthvsent to stop upextensive exporter hmiee of tobacco andhad toroluntarily taken part wito toe facUonlsti.—Aand across to the North River steamboatattomey-at-law, give his. opinion to.tkeBroadwaydon't know where it waawhat dock the Sing Sing l>oat started fromBroadway some diauince, some twenty or thirty blocks,whoIknowbacco homes timerecentlyheard,beendabblinglately In theAfri-andittold Martoa Nelson nothing else only that IIt had also been resolved to throw toe responsibilityhe Is ordered toMilsto MUs— bought tbe sew suit, but left them somewlisre nearplace;Sbaw's Hotel, on Wednesday.sraoaa, who has taken a deep interest in this inrasti-gation from the first, conducted the examination. At river side in New- York on 'Tuesday until the boat lastlyteUlBgUaBtae waaa"9m FcafaMsa" (a maa certato orders of toe Executive.money ths sssnsi III I on Tuesday after 1 left van Sice's; stood on the North; staid their Tues- next morning went up to my uncles Mar-beforeHistheTheGovernmentofTenezuelahadtion to the Charge fJJfaires of France for the uabe-tStir,iSHighimalmostInstantly. Hehasjust acqiatladof the charge of murdas, after a artal i ntoe days.tiihere until afterup to uncle Remsen Lambert's where my grandfathertoM. Dubois bb Siuokt, the^new French Minister tomorning;dinner;captaincomiBg attack upon the French Emperor made public Ministerial officer, Sefior Mbbdoba.byaA Cadetliveswas there all left unele Rem-^en's on Taursday:;staidstaid there untii Itiursday nightnight—It wasthe road met a wagon load of men, and TbeSenator Tenn., on the 14ih.thenwentbe guarded in his future conduct,—gan, has complimented CoU Hardee by nKnttmg tji^;Chairhascausedanexcitement,pertleularlyamong cSatiorcteatgeoenthe DEATH OV AB AJUBICAlt IMTOB—gPAMISH TIBWa cur that I cannot describe.porsuheDterprlslnf couple have not;;riagebyahalf U U-etiKlvlSl--W.^Oii • -.I*' "t?"';"^ nl«s1i«aTrt«e !:J^A man, oflast, engaged LtbratyHilW^ort was a York on iFMyBiiiriBg i ehaaglsd ahlrts wher%I as bei;MeB InlevBr he four months MMndfondowry,aad tomanypleases."said it was about a man who was at work with moth Canvass" with very little assistance. In a singleleft tola city for Mexico, taking with themtoat he had one more bill to settle, where-marchtogreetM^WBBPatt such detaUed itcoit of ig^Midinm it lloiiday evening, the 12th of this month, there re- three of us at work together In a corn-field, and I got apart—the SwUs Bell Ringers, and tbe Albino Family MnABOx t> no longer President. Roblxs has taken hired uut as a stoker. Arriring at Philadelphia, heday that Theodore the paper and it said;but it isirJIes from ;mygrandfather's house;were to leave shortly for Jalapa.The new French Mtoister, M. Dx SALieirr, was ex-> Sowent around the bouse so that he beries near this city of late. I select one or twowithAtbe knife was and robbed of seven onzas, ($110,) and his watch,;saidemployment.papersgrandfatherof that kind, and he said that he would go downto imdertake itsThe Colonel says toat sum is not sulfi-fiveBoston contatosyears. 177,908little brother had just tolu m^ what time it told me to wait somewhere about there and he clentywould come down and seohe went toa first-class Italian Opera Company and other rational;that and got a paper Noah readprovidesuit of toe tliousand who have pronounced too late.Friday the con- versation with my grandfather was In themorrdog;roorDing morning;thtok he is to Vera otoers toat he will gotog Cruz,wore that vest on and on Monday night Mondaydown toIts contents to the right breast ofanything ;$8,000management;femainlngwill pronounce against Mibahob to favor of Roblss.staidthatthe stairs and lighted hia candle at .my lamo, and then staid in the stack until Sunday; went round In or rather its prima donna, Sefiorite GoasosA, does Morelm, and anutoer par^ that it is his totentlon toit is mehe passed through my brother's room, and up into thenightthe fields In the day-time and got applesstaid there until Sunday—until grandfather got hacksaw Officer Latlnvllle just before dhjner on Sunday; representation of the principal female character inThe decease of Bev. J. T. Edgar, D. D., pastor of toe First Presbyterian Church in Nashville, Tena., occurred on toe 13th tosU He had presided over Churches to HaysvUle and Frankfort, prerious to his removal to NashriUe. At the time of his death ha was to his 68to year.;;IIPoliuto"was a decided failure.Oh, that our oldtote, notwithstandingoppositionlieve week; ;Mr. ErerettletiBed diat tbe money for thehas everHe erectedMam-tola seven are now;boarded there;' chained Bi« fsnr dollars abat anxioua loqtUrer,ahout four or fivew eeka as high as aerenteen or eighteeii dollars"usuallydollars per weeksome mightYes!" Therewasno oneartotoatcould powerannual estimaiea required for the support of Uie ln»tl- Size's Monday morning I had vrith me $22 or $23 ; left [Witness explained that he hart visited (Jalveston the vtcribuno rrtorned to Bis Excellency toe Captato- of a jet black moustache and whiskers ; but he «m tuUnna duringthe coming year, asking approprlatlona about 820 at Tan Slze^: took breakfast Monday since he first came to East New- York to reside.l He General and thus the matter stood. The unfortunate detected, nereriheieas, and speedttyfsoat Uswerta018699,373. T'bepitaclLiIitemabeingasfoUowa:morning, dont remember wherel went after thatcontinuedI worked for^Mr. Solyer one day—he didjail. At one time toe indignXttoa raa so highthst toere was a prospect of kftiieelTiairl l|«eMkg.J^$Mh> Laaber .'wooilltlkhe only allowed me 75 we had no talk about the wages.ipeddlerwayexecution,toepoorpreferredtime atook-keeiin' to a lawofllea vras pqriag -Ui a^ft«periDtenden-a. ^aijlana, Olerlu,met thetbe peddler had a budown on Dr. Bdmond'a corner;gotgoldslave oahnce,deato to such I Iiave reason to be-:810400 got the two five-dollar gold pieces I hui rot want roe any longer8.000 bought a shirt of himgold ;money andbrought from Galveston was all init in probablehia angerthat threat be carried mightAttiie samshe have ofi'ered him;Slave gill who desuoyed her lifswasthe lady's maidthat thegoiif-820changrd Into bills when be firstpermanent12to Inst., Mr. J. L.publishers of the Cubantion. Hewasabout42yearsofage,wasanativeof the State of New-York, but had resided about twentyfell to tbe;had no am told, a father and mother and two children, theon toenumerous friends to soothe hisEast New-York, to that Mr. Lang- would He had endeared himself to us by Us mild, gentle- es, but without entirely dettroytog toem, as toeywalked down past took the Broadway c&fs just below Eastlioura. toetime I would be back not tee me ;dyingmanly demeanor, and ve shall long miss him la ourfactlotdsts,BeimtorSenBtorSndeli.Boiknovring Mr. DoBglatf l»have for the first ; guess can Slave-trade. He had, I hear, a cargo of fire hun-by anotablesymptomofpublicorder.; vrithlandedlately, but anotherpasseddred Boxalescargo aad vesseleraiser, aad meettat the eaptaln of tUs latter vesseltliattoeGovernorofCara- fersdamage,wwent Into aome hotel there and got something wltoout shame,) which epithet is the bitterest insultvrith aviewtotest to the use of steam expanslrely.themon sense, would prove as successful as an empres-presentItalianOpera Companyat theTacon,have an provided—An old andCuiabibi has erected athe Tlerra Gate, which draws full houses to everyHr.I was performance.over to tbe house, and saw Tan Size going back There have been the usual number of highway rob-lived In toecitytwo men on vrithhim,andaskedforsomewatertowashmyself robbedofhiswatohandchainandtoemoneyhehadhands of aislatore.waswent into the house recently, within a mile of the city walla, and bilBg a confirmation of toe news.;stopped by;gave Urn my money and pocketbook, wateh and soon aiter the close of toe circus on Saturday evening, on the subject. Tlie Extraordinary which ought to; Ihad$1425atthattimewhen I first came back from Texasa siz-bladed pocket-knife I - bought in Texashave arrived on toe 6to, bad not arrived on the 7to. The Progreto pntilishes a part of the sentences forop in a paperbought my clothes was a good ways from the hotel;did not ull the man my name; the place where Ishot onHr. Rixs and anotoer man, canytag >;K. Tb the Editor of the NewYork Timetbought the watohthe tottery plan extrattTiinary, each of which latter are to have two prizes of $100,-seventeenas those ol the present year, and fourand toe office o Treasurer, was..;a^VtKfM apfgU^Um,^ lady I threw It away in N*eewW*rT<'«n'rlkE«>' baring arrived at toe MPMAidllBI^ has a right toveaerahle aB««^1 mrewMonday IihrewawTMaryo?TgS'wore the old shiit to NeW^ ademand certain portJoBMew-T«tkme for ThoBVaa SeettatiT'Mar Cyferea* HtU. flie day I re- ttuio (notary publlclto the raatdeare of tlia Count to Friday evsntog quitteo large taouedtonce was 1^ atie^wastsM^red thei* two weeks, I be- make the necessary Inqotries into toestreet. toaThe ance at the Hall, enjoy promised treathim to themy expenses were toe iMinb^no to toe young lady herself, who said dragsome of got back.FtheTroy.;pre-vsnt her, and she would marry toe man to whom she found tbe swindler. His appearance vras aamairBat;Hi&AMOB's Government in Mexico', eitoer has been orin the night—dont know what time willbethisdaytakenonhoardtheSpanishwar-steam- montoadecisive campaignshouldbecommenced —Hon.W.K.Sebastian,UnitedStates1which, of bourse, sheThe oates from Puebla and toe 2d tost.of Mexico are topassedhear, has not appeared.CityA letter dated Puebla, Nor. 3, statesandlookiag than the other ; made up my mind to go 'the mall from this city w Cienfuegos was robbed gether unnatural for us to differ as widely as some of Mr. Rbbs, kilUng him almost instantly. The deceaseddid not expect to do anythingyear<f< la Marina. 1 translate toe fullowlug summary Cygnes and Kansas City, at a cost of from five to;;;H -onathe nan asked $123take me win these "signature, evidentlyirrttlng. Ittooktoeaccnsedandtheircounsel; I then refused to take the horse dnnt ;;are to comebemgnot sound ;aI will tellofthe horizon ofshop isgo ;placeof toe customaryCount, byand weU-konwnvaiiisb to darkness and wan su- despair reigns;; pawnbrokerfamilyshall premely.notThcfrlal hasbeen conducteda, _eat deal of ^^^^^^^had net been to New York t>efore ;the pastto18 doat know where the;yethirfM ti"m»e*s",}n?' ugave me a ticket — look at It until I went to the store for tiie watchWM. L. HART.stop drinking.ability on boto sides. In; ;manyday.their hourdeepest trouble T In of toe and contributed toglancing sympatoles jury, J^^iT thatextremelywhen this season of the year. A mnrmng or two since whenthe 12U1 lust, from SuPorto PortoTuomas, didnotdoanythingfromTuesdaytillSunday fromtteafternoonediUooofthatpaperufthe13iti.;quarterwhen I got back Sing, to get her likeness for me—that was all I gave Very little was doing with toe products uf the coun- same result, viz., hauling provisions from otoer places UT husbanodf March, was brought to a cl-isenia|nd. The Committee of the Whole made their waa over with Mr. Tracy at Middle Tillage, my gave me two $3 bills morning, and of any importance nad transpired. grandfather Sunday nothingto having pobraaad SiTOXB Hax-rsfdrti which contained, amoiig other matters, the foOowlafUsms:don't know what time we went over I believegave one dollar to a youpg lady at Sing Commerce had been very dull the eatiie month.year, 1838,the fiTrdekree. at of the first named,Auburn, onCnj FBlrinB.—Dr. a. B. Hosaxia has been ap- poialed'ttarsician at the City Prison, to fill tbe va-sawTo Jurors—on Saturday returningtolerably good of acquittal to Mrs. Hbalbt^s case, and guiltv ofwnen I left mereeaaey wrWsliiBad by the death of Dr. Covsi. Dr. don't remember what 1 saidBoughtundershirt on Dr. Edmonds*toere was aJ«BB Saaaaahas been Assistantat aeemaW appototed Physlclao,;we were UmrwingRtdirect—l hadadirk son knife; Mr.Tteraey'sigration,demand for one year.terday prisonment. follows uponasHun of 8400 annum. The sum of per;; drinksit to megave away changed my clothes where I boughtAnd this81481 W.taBgeBappropriaiedKsisaa * Co., for re-alteraiicu. Exchanges languid.lower, but still«as 1he 8th to the IBthmoney with himother money, except some silverhe aska83 one whan I was in New-York I was to>transferred to the bill for a manto a horse and aad bad buy wagonI mentioned, if I mistakepawnbroker's dated the IGto tost, that a mulatto girl, a favoriteoftoe oftoesettlers majorityaad havebeen female,:changeddaygoing not money enoughIn14 m""*'- "V""'"'.fme was toe refuting testimony,byGovernment,Fridaytoinstant, inclusive, 410 per-be did BOt appeal hfin theatjeetwe was, ap-after grainozaothackwent to Mr. Tlerney's store;was:;improve-The followtog year, 1830,heard no oneion Blaekwell's Island as dls- €3olyerinspeak cintormattonoiwhicnlwill state;;;dont know what time itthe' "toat an extravagant price. night, the jury a veriintit was in the afternoon :it waa In the evraingMr. Colyer there that erentog, aad spoke to himtheI was thinking it was to tbe afternoon, but itThe was engaged in the Captaiu-Geueraiabout any thing muchMr. Colyer was throwtaf dice; he paid fortwo or three times to re muchThe Manchfester Aaurieoa remarks as;«aw no my new clothes—In the back part of the store;pointsaw him have soots bills ; ;four, arul positlTely vritoout toe neces-sai its of We. I;vagraata and loan them money; Colyer and myself did not with maletter,night.t.*??'*^"' °' 'be total number 161 have been have a talk thatI toM UA he could have it; it was two blocks from aahop, and I asked the fellow how much he would al-been ruin for enough"«"«5,"°"'f:|!?„*uabssob to one Cablos him to coma SxAVXT.requestiiigcomer not taUking was notment uf toeSiigar, Molasses and Freights remain vritbout anywewfre mce ttoretoe we are vritbout out of;;publicroads. COBMIBCIAI.-rush uf em-in the second degree agaiast Ricbaxssob. Yes-away or spent.try, owtog to their great scarcity.;it was before I went home to dinner.crop raised, botiOwtogunparalleledRicusasson was senteoeed to lm> thirty yearsjust after that fight I had I threw it ;year money, havtog been on expenses three yearstoe;"Theprehend, an astoundtog piece of eridence Introducedsuchwithout due inquiry.""^ alist of necessary,are a shadeHavaba, Sunday, Nov. 18, 186a:mytea some sertous fault, for wtdcb she had l>een threat-f;''':°4"'7'nl>1 weorcountry, a young, poor, and respectable manlastnot,slave of the Count of Villa Noxva, who bad commit- toe eat to tnree toches in depthIt to be a letter addressed Rioa- purported byintocruel treatment for anlieve, nf which she bad never been guilty. I may not dam^i,iBWhiefctkay «#••' I believe Btauox, Commander, from New-Orleans on tbe 13th they the confederation that has stood so vtolenl demanded an explanation of Snider. The latter re-assaults ts lo beasked who it was, and I told her it was "Me," and at this port yesterday. Tbe BiatvUU had a strong sifm? Or think they that toe base thought of a toeir; (constoble ;) I got a candle, and sh^ met me I wasproredseized toe rerilrer, which had five barrelschanmd,going down stabs to get a light; I reached over the unusually large number of vessels,botmd to thetheir capablHiy for self-government, would be toler-and fired at Snider. One of the balls entered the:good. The ofthecane ndling""Iand sbe saidwent to bedny that I wanted to see Mm before he went to workwasCahawia, hence on tbe 12th,then 1 hollered and told her to tell John-progresstogand thewish is father to toe bow, as be- thought,''that night I now have on on Tues-J. N. MAvm, sailed from Havana a few daya slace on a—the street; it was In New-York; am notcontinue whilst 1 dwell on earth, to settle all such;;»beer madness.On Monday last a burglar got toto the rear part of acroparrived at Havana at noon of the 17th. The United of Iheand stole 130 onzas,EUZABXTBTOWX, Ohlo, Nov. 14, ISOOi I, Mary Banks, are A widow, aged 07 years ; tills iahthepoliceofficertojail. Notheedingthisorder,the police officer pulled out a weapon to secure the fel-ed Adminisirazor-General of toe MatanzasI believe I stopped at years in Florida, where he was connected vrith va- vice Don BArcBL Hskbxxa, resigned. Many requisite her aifer she hk!l goue some distance, and offered tountil he came toIt is believed the few menIn thetoeM. M. Pachioo and toe Representotlve of Prussiato antoe supply was hardly sufficient to meetmurderwhere their provisionsfromPrison fbr lUlC The fact of Mrs. IliiL":and confiuei.tial clerk. Hiskeeper master abut MiaT., Nov. 7, I860. :engaged.I2to, by toe rumor which ran rap- idly torough toe town, that Mr. Uncoln, the Prestdent The dates fromCaraccas, (Veaezuela,) rid Ha- elect, had arrived to toe city. The on^ly bundatiaaFROM TENEZUELA.vlUe, Tenn.,Courtofbobo, Don Aasaas Caxballo, should be brought to trial,hasthe House in thetionlsts gave subjects.vrith toe murder of severalcharged Spanishit was said atVenezuela,thathtm. .^rom .Aikansas, was insince its was his boast that when with Gen. Washington.to aad it incorporation 1S25,atoey look for succor woman to feeble health, may have worked IjE^sureIF ^fmm 'W f^mtstore had been collectedto be his agent. Those who bad been taken to imoli^toree—County Clerks in the States where the lawrequires marriage liceases,requiring everyon writlachisupon toe potots hearing directly to atrialon which the trial turnedbytoe manpretenliaaInnocenceof theon account ofin atment which sbe receired from her husband. Theat thel._'-j' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comfgiartfrilifiriTfrrfiriTi iHii^^i&aiiiitiiriitt 1 1