 tkefrrattyasifalway," endby••clocktkeo'OsJbrd,andastoo* la be became cfagehetookhis seat to the Best* ef Qomaeas, to whlsh he baa eeatotototo beenresiesta* untiltail,u flreifortheborough of Notttagkam, MM tke* ft* tkat ef Paikirk. At ttto totter date he took kit father's teat in thederelopemsat natmbtattkatofourfirstPrsaWenL Bis tirece dreaere piaoaly aad almost roughly, caring nothing fortketoppsriaaaffashionorth*sderamealaafIftfraaj, per oaai.'by Sdwd ArbeiU; scene an toeby W. Harell. On toe right aad a f t of are figure*, with shrubs, frejtrteto Botal, also a beauuful skatinglata* bail faetag toe private oartor of aMgatooaatpatetiat of to* "Infaat Christ aad St. John," wito aag*to, surroaaded ky lewsrs, fratt, birds, kc , tks figureaare by Bub*»,s,thegreat master,and tke frurt,*c, by Saeydera. Ia the private sartor of the Prtaee to aa exquisite painting of to* 0o»rt of Parts, aad anotherby too doors an fourteenth street, but have also the pri- rifegr, trtawy prefer it aad moose lo waive an official re- eeptiea, ef eatertag by toe doors en Irrieg peaceraoaaawwp OP Aa*-a>«ai£*i*Tf: or THX FLOOR AXO srrrBB coMiirrrsx.VRX noons wiu. as eras run TKS ascarnos or TH* GTSST? IT BAIT PAST mOBT O'CLOCKThe Prince of Wales a expected to arrive at ten 0 clock, amended by toe Beception Committee At the appro priate time tke baada of mask: will play " O c t Save b e Queen' aad "Ball Columbia, toe guests stand a g ta o b - aerrasies ef toe eaaal comeitaaeat When tke Priaoe shall bare bean conducted by tke heceptun Committee te to* rear or the sure, which space wil be specially latarrsdticterta.It haabeen taw sateof tow women ptosafli in eo»ly Thlaw, aad It I his portfolio into the bands of Lore Paamure in FebruaryItowarnherehiiaroBwitha* 1946 Aoommitsien ofInquirywasthenappointed, whichdidaotjustifyanyoftkeaccumulatedchargesfor th air us dutiful speeches, aad they were seatTHE SAIL OF BT. GERMANS, THESOYALPASTY. Bcia*ofLordsandcontinuedtosupporttnepolicyoftheWkobaafrequentlybee*totosryMytadtkeEar!af8tTkek{fl'ttoeeofWatot(ofDagriahcoaseettoo)waa Edward - ^ Caernarvon, eldest son of King Bdward the rtrst_ba I .at tks cattle whore be derived bis apaBattoa, at Ik* mi f | k t kit totfcer wm eaesnmma Ang tke eooqweat or the Wf jb people. An old togead, as likely to-be trueHKETCH OF THE LD71OF TBIPRINCE. am11lealilea*iwUes party, af wfttok ke • * moderate repreaenta Ill tl—ill iikb Hii ill lulu m jbs awsktomasforttvaral gesarst toss to the county ofDevon before tt1 %ikeaa banded dewa toat ta reapeotVo tola *fleci that the Welsh refoaod opto the\latest a Prince apart from one who was theirtkebiroaf, tee l m Inquiry which•atollMMHWIoera of tke Commons, was again aaat to partly oa aeooaat of tie being the ftret rait ever [ himself tn Parliament with a great deal of spirit, aad yet the Tower for refusing to answer before tkeB a Tint to tkta conLacat hai aaeurnlry ceased great eeiiities of an army on the march. The Duke defended by a Prtos* of WaJea to Ike great republic, but | with moderation, sad afterwards Lord JohnPrivy rjeaaciil for unparliamentary conduct, aad as the to kef Bay, ta tkat jeer, an taformattoa waa ex- hibited m the Star Chamber agataat Sir John and hta comaonompltokadofwarriors,who,we toe flret to adopt the three ostrich feataers, 'Ich Dim" aa a cognizance, and who, sorrow of has oTOeenatrymen, died before the dignity held by bis parent, aad which on aim had be bean spared a fewlfortkepurposeofshowingbowImbecilityto ifamily, andot contrasting oae Prtoee i hta immediate predecessor, Richard, aftereaad king of tkat aame, aad son of the ," took op tke motto dropped by tke iat-Mr.DanielRichardsbataktocontributedaeepyofbta statuette, called •• The Bashful Girl," executed ta wklte marble for a merchant of thai city, a t a cost of $600.A splendid picture of George Washington, by Rembraadt Feale, was also hiung up in a prominent position.ay M O M of taw by law imariraa psepta Ij Bsaeall attributed Ike errors with which tke Duke I had been charged to tke numerous interruptions which had prevailed ta a badly organised ministry The Duke atovatcd a position to reeetr? so widsepreed a reputation ! af Newcastle, nowerer, being greatly emsaJakSd, resignedpanto*:-to the Tower, where Sir John died oa the 29ia of Novem- ber, waa.riBI-ONALAPPEABANfKOPTHERARZ,OPST.OSSMANS. TheEarlofSt.GermansIttallaadslightlybuilt. BeAlbert Edward, hair apparent to tke Brlltab toroae, agataat the snfwtaaate Duke. Be spent the autumn of ta gray haired, bat nevertheless H pleasant looking aadwee hornet Busingham patent o a the 9th of Wo i mat IT, 1*41 Be la cooaeqneatly in kit nineteenth year.Tke tiUeaof the PHaee of Watot arc Deka ef Saxoay, Pi toot of dajte Cobnrg Gotbe, Dak* ef Oaf wait and Both amy. * * " » ' Cheater, Carrie*, Duktto, Baron Renfrew aadLard oftheWarn. Theaetitle*bodartre*partlyby toawiitaaoa and partly from creation, froaa the dream Maaee ef King Edward I. baring, tn pontic concession tothe Wetok ekiefteona, created h a hair "Prtoo* of WaJea,"• few stays after ate birth, which took place in Caeraar sure be te'. down to the genial and amiable im-of Wales, bat claimed the respect andsubsequent generations. Who, at all tel, in the presence of suck a crowd aa has rarely been•oa Casta. Thus was law aahappy Edward 11, who wai pntan of his own nature, tt mast sot be forgotten thatitaded of the madcap~ Harry, boon Embassy the people of New York labored wader the tot ef fat Jack Fatataff, roytter in general in preaataatkat oa* of toe greatest c*owda ever gatheredWha welcomed toe "laddie for hta mitbe> s sake "Tta ta chaste at toe gem wkiek slumbers la light,As clear to toe mmd s s the sun to toe sight;Tke band 0' bim wha said tt I'd cheerfully shake,Wi' a "Welcome, laddie, for your mither's sake "As simple an' sweet aa tke breath o a bairn, An'sparklin' an' pare as the dew oa tee cairn;Oh' dead were tke soul tkat the a ase were slow to take 0" that' Welcome, laddie, for your milker's sake"A charm's ta tae word that's found ta ao other, From lowliest life te exalted Qoeca Mother;True feeing was h a wna such sentiment could make; May h a hope be ta Heav'n, -'for hta milker's aaae "JNO. O L I f E tTHE PE11CE IN PHILADELPHIA ON WED HESDAY.PxoxaimuBia, Oat. 11, las* Teapins ta a favorite game wttb h a Royal Higbsea* so much ao that on toe night of hta arrival in toe Quaker City he strolled out ta company with toe Duke of New-oastle, Lord Lyons aad others, aad raited toe Ustoa Club, where be payed for aa hoar wito those gentlemen ta toe bowl tag saloon.•a barbarooaty murdered by aVwttaaar hi Berkeley Castle. A lew daya afterwads he waa created Earl of Cheater, which title has been retained apto the preheat time. The Baotiah titles of the Prta»arederived from Robert III.,he baj been all the time under it iei tutelage,- tad tlat tt is more to tke judgment aad tost of h * advaare than to kxt own unfettered dtaeretto* tkat are d K the admirable propriety and freedom from all that was llktly toI afterwards, when the " awful round of aoi clasped hta brow, t h e illustrious her vpftogetker was assembled ta their streets; b u t , to apeak ta plain American terms, there nerer haa been anything that has been "a circumstance" ta comparison with toe<r towhorereigntheyworelooeodtathehairapparentofshockdemocraticprejudicesthatbaremarkeddamsek)ifbepleases.Bishandsome,pleasantfacetaalchivalrous gentleman of Europe. Again, ,withtheUUeofPrinceofWales,wecomecrowdswhichgreetedtoearrivaleftkePrtaeeofWalestaw Urown of doouecd. H a Irtok titles were conferred oa Ik* proacat Prince of Watos by Queen Victoria, on the lath of September, 1*4*, to oominemoratiea of her vait to treiand In the Bowae of Lorda ho la known aa thettokeof CorawalLDai, the greek aatkeitty a* all theae quest***, thattola progress tinee ke tet foot oa tke American ways welcomed, and hta influence upon the character ofabortr. It a bat rlfkt that tke Mentor to whom the the Prince ta undoubtedly of tke very best. popularity of the Brittoh telemachus a in a great meaMAJOR TEA8DALE.Tkta brave officer to oae of tke Prince's equeries, aadiand a contrast as well of character. The i monarch ta crowned ta Paris whea only t old. Tate prince also has been portrayed by in tke amiable yet vaccinating Henryishown as..manto pitymorethantoadand toe distinguished British noblemen who yesterday accompanied the heir to toe BriUab throne.AFPEAHANCE OF T H * FKINCK.The dense crowd that assembled before toe bole] was determined to see toe Prtaee of Wales Somepeople asked whether he waa anything Uke toe Black Prince, and others answered tkat he was aadoubUy toe ''BlacaPrtece" of the erasing, as he kept so mush ta toe "dark'' tkat nobody coaki s e e htav After the military display, however, tke crowd -rev. restive, aad to all ap- pearanse they were determined to see toe Prtaee. Cries of "Long live toe Prince /'"God Save the Queen," "Out with oar tittle friend," and a number of other exelama lions, inelegant aad unpremeditated, arose ta constant succession. The outside pressure wss to great tkat at list tke Duke of Newcastle, and tke other members of tke Prince's staff, accompany- ing toe young man, stepped oat to toe balconypsiUcat.mvartebry been la opposition to toetr father. The erilBmee the accession of the Georges they hareof lirtag Britiih ttatreme*.Prince gives aim a rank equal to tkat of a Duke, aad htamUtok off da uncle, afterwards Richard tke Third.On returning to toe hotel be was refreshed by toe cheers of tke eleetioaeerere.let na hope the pre seat bearer a! tkat high UUe to the free trade theories of Sir Robert Peel, ooavtacedwiti rests**tt. that to toetr adoptionlay tke only perauaaat foundationsTke e location of albert Edward has keen conducted of tke proape-ity of his country. When that great manthe handsomest todies ta sure to be Major Teasdale, and hie peculiarly artatocraticappearance, aided by kit rick uniform, always attracts attention aad remark. A t first sigtit mea commonly pronoun- e Teasdale a fop, for who ta a favorite with the men who to a favorite with tke todies. A fiance a t hta medals, however , reminds one tkat kid gloves may cover strop? brave bands, aad a more inti- mate acquaintance with Major Teasdale corrects all erro- neous ideas ta regard to h a character aad deportment. With the ladies Major Teasdale will rank very high.by Arthur,-son of Beary the Seventh with aa outburst of applause second te nothing that ke was toe presentation of an engrartag, the subject ofdies ta hta father's lifetime, and could hear in the '-ouId country." The New York regu- which waa " Tke Boose of Bahops of toe Protestant dignity to hta brother Henry, af-j lar military surpassed themselves on this occasion The Episcopal Church of the Uatted Btatea."I jHeary tke Eighth, of ao very enviable! fkkory. Benry's son ta the aaat Prince of Wates—t pie he becomingly bears until hta ascension to thtidhm f as Edward toe Sixth. Mary and Ettxebetk follow; | M as neither has progeny, Ute UUe of right belonging i Ittle hereditary heir apparent to the English throne ii 'Jjataa in abeyance until the coming of the Scot tut. Jam, J, on whose accession to the throne left vacant byCltasl W,haeldestsonHenryassumestoedignityof Prince oi • Sales; and =.:te. him, he dying young, bis bro-aader tke knnediato supervision of the Queen. In the kvagnages, classics, aatoral padkwopky, mathematicB. warsprudence and other braankas, bis Royal Highness ha* had tke moat eminent professors of tke day, aad it is Mated tkat after hia tear in amend he will return to hi*its*leaat Oxford.On the 9th of November, 1856, the Prison of Wales,waa made t h e Incessant object of bitter persecutions b y the parry whom b e h a d conscientioealr- deserted, Lord Ltaeota was one o the small b u t gaUesi band of stales- men who adhered to k a fortunes, sad who, after hta death, esteemed & their greatest pride-to have been num- bered amongst hta followers. Bat it ta aot ta hta polite Lie only that the Duke ha* displayed those rareTke next was a dm e, and tkta proved to be a rery toaf oae.sure owing should hare his fair share of tae credit at- taching to the conduct of h a royal charge. It a not ge- nerally known, aad it ta time tkat the fact aboad ba stated, that on bis Sraee the Dwke of Newcastle has been devolved by Queen Victoria the entire reeponeiis distinguished since tke siege of Ears, ta tke defence efwhich he took aa active and prominent part, under Sen.Williams. Be wears several medals of honor. Heta band-tome, having a foe* ef tke Teutonic type, tad light, curly at kip faijjfr. We speak of toe young Edward, wko, it taNEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, OGTO^|R 12, 1860.-TRIPLB SHEET. .)116* ta raiting U » Crimea and all the military posts ofthe Bkvk 9sa. By his amrrtags with the only daughterof tke Doke ef Hamilton, from whom he publiclyseparated ttoee 18*0; ke baa free children. The eMen, hta Jaunty air, resembles not a little Lord Palmerston, ofHenry FeJkam Alexander, Count of Lincoln, waa born in 1834Although the natural a n d easy manner in which t h e Prince has accommodated himself to the ciroumataao a in which he baa been placed may in a great mea-whom It bat been said tkat be growa younger witi age. With hta hadaome form, set off by tke beat made of froik ccats, or the fall dress uniform of tke members of her Bajesty 's household, hta hat jauntily tet oa oae tide, hta cane lightly held or tapping hta brightly polished boot, St. Germans took* every inch the Earl, aad, at a distance, loots rather like tke brother than like the father of the Bos, Mr. Ettott, with whom hta intercourse, ta fact, teems more filial than parental. With dowagers and la- dies '-of a certain age" the Sari ta a general favorite, sad can play the beau as well to younger and more blooming,ly cabals, and, it ta recorded, was starred scousin aad successor on the throne, Henry, , had a son, who, perhaps mire than all thethe Hftn Avenue Hotel was lelayed to snob a tote kour that any review bj the I'riftoe would have been simply ! impossible. The guar 1 of honor however, passed ta re- view ta the noott excellent military order before the bo-ewtaaea tbw ran* aad poatt.on of the Prince of Wale*—•the Prince of Walee has erer been regarded aa the a m•abject in the realm, to* neareot to the throne, the most biiity of her son* actions during bis rtait to our oowti-• gained of the Peers** Parliament, aad though aot ex nent. Amongst the whole Brftish arwtocracy, a wiser or hair asd moustache, which he wears very peculiar said, Wafftabbed on tke battle field ef Tewkesbury, by create g any polrtlcai power beyond his rote a i a legisla- more judicious selection could nd? bare been made. Thetor*,patregardedtoyallmena*tawmostammen*,peraan careerofthisaobieaas,fromhaflretentranceonpublicto the State next after the aoraieagn." The Prmoes ofWales, prevwaa te the preaant subject of osikare far more t h e a caatary bo** afi placed tnlite, has been started by a s wprigbtneat, a soundness of judgment aad a comprehensiveness of view* wfcxli haveta Canada bis duty was to Introduce tke ladies, selected as partner?, to tke Prince, aad this probably aided htaFourth o Ifrork—numbered among the maaarebs of BagWhen Lord Lincoln, aad under the control*f a bigotedBaring s o tkat day completei hie evrenteentk year, wee qmlitlee which oave pointed him not to his sovereign forappointed colonel to the army. Tke Oeuette of the fol- brs present dth«ate and responsible position. The courselows s Friday contained tke subjoined announcement — which he pursued on earning Into possession of hie Captain Gray, who a also dtattafuiahed for bravery,and mho wears several medals of honor, ranks equiih-fuliy worthy of the Coldstream Guards. In fact, we never heard better drummic .The appearance of the Prtaee on tke platform was toe signal for tremendous cheering. Be did not appear uatil tke people bad ealtei for him repeatedly, ana when he did present himself on tee platform, accom- panied by the Duke cf Newcastle and the other membershad collected, and they were received by toe President and toe Directcn. Tke schools were ta session, aad UM Mhclart bard at work, aa at toe time of tke va.t ef UM Japanese. But tke boys and girta did not race tke op- portunity of erjoying a good look at toe illustrious vi- siters, and particularly oae of toem, as they passed through.The Prince smiled and displayed bta awaal affabi- lity, while to several be addressed s tow word* cf congratulation. From tke sekooi room* they were conducted to toe front of the President's home, where that estimable functionary made the beatof•* ton? ' Qeaea. taxing Into bar royal consi deration tether Btitle end estates offered ac equally striaiag ex- warier, aad, by rirtce of toe statutes of the nees which seem to be the leading qualities of his charactherChalsubscquenUy King Charles, w h o w a s b etkat hai K.-ya. Highness Albert Eiward, P. usee of ample of the justness of viowsead lofty iistnterested- wtthjfsjcr Teasdale as an equerry of the Prince. Tae9. The eldest son of this unfortunate monarck wj course Prince of Watot during h a father's of his suite, toe American people greeted him with aWale*, Knight of the Most Nfoe Urder of the dutlgr of there genUemes, though somewhat onerousbeaded i Lie, and•aid order, a ccnstituteat member thereof, has not as ter. In jiiseddreas to the tenantry of the Clumber oe during tke Canadian recep'. oa, are very ligSt now. Cast.lee the second when he died. He left no cheer that would bare, gladdened toe big heart of toegreat king maker himselT. The Prince did not stay out-yet assumed the stall assigned to the Prince of Walesto the Hoyal Cbapel of et. Uearfe, at Windsor, aad bar-ton*, a* sorer?ifn of the said order, the inherent rightofexwpaewtag wito all atatutes, ordinances and regulations 1 to hta head ana heart. Ia the arst p ace he : afor me; hi3 brilliant dark eyes, fine complexion and high eelor.pnng, and was succeeded by hta brother Yoik; as James the Second. Jamos, it ta wellto regard lo tattallaUca her Me eety has bean pleased I them tot: the custom that had prerailed of demanding toy tent-re patent wc**ev her itoyel Sign Manual aadthetit-eat Seal of the Order, baariag date this day, to giro j the rent jncnedately after harvest would be dtaecr.sad grant to his Eoyal Higbaeas Albert EdwardPrince of Wa'ea, tail poewr a a d authority uwear and use too Star, and also to wearsard ore the Collar and all other Oraamornr ! when it was not at for market, and disposing of-itat beiobjrisg to the said Lost Noble Order, aad to ai. in tkeThe Captain it very affable in his manners, h « no aristo-I !tinued er h e felt that the practice was prejudicial t o the tenant, fry c<*mpelHng him t> 4"_reeh ott his corn at a timecratic hateur, aad graets tke ofheers or the United Statesarmy as brotkere. Ssrpasting Major Teasdale in his so tailed; jBcbelilon" of 1716 was concerted, and whosesaid be, "a tree so grown may serve te tell toe recipienU of the bounty of Girard of your vwit "The future King of England complied accordingly, with tbe assistance cf a gardener,wbo, as it nappened, marened ic the procession in 1 en-ton in honor of toe coronation oftales, Notts, delivered In Decernser, 1861, he gare exprec- a»n to sentiments aad intentimz which did equal creditGray a tall, Stoops slightly forward, aad a distinguished by h-B closely cropped hair, h a long, heavy side whiskers,itftrilimajthe Queen for a ieag while with the edvaati'>a o.* the George, ( 1 on the death of teal monarch, George toe se- Prince. Hia c£.cs is tha. of private tutor, aui ia this cond. £( Sad a son, Srederics:, who, In 17i7, becamo, inhoed hie Boyal Bignzets df terkued upon njrsaing bis studies, for a time at least, at Raene Aecorafcgry, after s briaT rtsit Ut hm iUaotrious sister at Berlin, tke Prinoess F-tderiek William %". Prussia, he proceeded oa big juar ney ta Ita.y. On njs way tblLbe. he perfarmed IM Irs;aubtx act cf his life, by presenting colors to the I<Wiajcrammed it tat) h a mental brea-i basset, along with many other sim'iar incidents which have occurred during his present tour.Of cttrse, in risi.icg th"College, they could not omit its rt<'. fcr frcm that point of elevation a panorama of the c ty unfolus itself, with the Delaware a n i the countryirotcd visible in the distar.ee.Wita this end ta view they ascended a s-^ceesioc ofnarrrw and dimly lighted sUps. and finally put their heads »ut into clear daykght at the top.The roc! was broad and nearly Cat. and formed of square?cfstonelappedovereach otherafterthe'aahioa oftiles-l"nfortunately,asthepart7w«*readmiringtheview, toewind,whichbiewratherfreshatthetime,1fledthehtee: Nubie OrUer, in as full and ample manner as If hmaU>>ci Il-ghnece bml teen formally mauilod, any decree,rue, or naaagt-, tu u.j> contrary neiwithstan ting.'' | been arade. be thought the fairest coarse was te ha-:e alnebleImke hacdor.btlesstend*.Jte freventthelossof Oahisrnturnhetookophk>residenaeatOxfordU atanyvaluable;;,-«.SigLitiswidVayandthepr.iicipa.avenuesofthecity erday has rarely or never been seen.beput.niorhimis,tba:ib*ieihoroogblyigcorantcftee1'JagltaL Lu-guage. The olker cfiicsrs, without exK-pti«-, a-id their duty flrmly, botja-'atlemasy.pwrsue bisa:adies. and oc tke S it cf July iast ke embark •d aiih hia.suite at Derenport, oc board UseBero ship •*war,aaweukdforAmericaoctie following morningPESSCVAL APPKABAKCE OF TE£ DCKE.The J?uke of Newcastle a tali, wish decided inclinationTJjTE PRINCE'S APAkTJIgNTSlyecue Hotel are about the best roomsinto corpulency. He has large, finely formed BWarTtraiAS-1prSgreasinthiscwmtryareerentes*feature*,andaiiowshtabeard,wisichtared,y aresituatedon Utesecondfloor,and1sunas of the public that they do sot requirela person it* ,f l a m , Priaoe has ralfcar attim Ogure, wkicb ia ale*;a ^splayed to the beat adsaatefe tn trim •tttog gsrsMSU af the latest style. Be hat hit awther'*but slightly tinged with grey, to grow upon his fa». naturally and trixt ruing or arrangement. This style of wearing his beard aimxabiy relieves aud softens features w&icb otherwise might appear too large TheDuke stands rery erect, and has an air and manner which instantly .tn- noaace tke high borffre ntl* i n He if tail, well and stout- ly beat. and, when ta a*lf«rml hta api>earaace ta especi-panywithy to the young ikaa as » mast be to the Ltkc place.; 'sjfttiite^of rooms are very splendidly fur ft wiamanted with a degree of taste audeleafter Akeappearance- oi tee ..Prtaee. As soon ae toe young 'man Ekowe<! himself toe ercw^ beran to diminish, and taa short time altcgetber daappeared.There was no review of toe various regiment!, at the hour was cntaely too tote for such sa exercise.»r 'THE CLOSING OF THE STORES.ewtorw, aad U has been said that te enter te so* tke onetear efkjsmce, K aesry aaosssary to look at tke edi•tot of tke Queen apssaa aawliah srapssn. H s pretty ally • aliapis asd tmpoatag. There a no matakmg htaIXAny of the targe stores jdown town dosed up yesterdiy. and indeed toe movement among toem was prettygeneral, especially In Broad#ay aad the wholesale streets versed. Alas: that society ahouli preaant s-*-0 os-taut kmir * worn twdeatiy erer a tbrsksaC which a aUBeieatly big* te Aire an btoatatossl east to kxtGrace ior any other peraoa. The arm, indeneadent,the cenctrsion that, as z oiila tor such reinctions ha.1bid turn,: ce of SVales, and who, dying early, left the slaving thus fairi- entered open the duties af max | the farxi? npen the estates revalued, which hai accord psuies him u»on a!! hie travels. General Bruco te a re- tlU|. iO; it son George, afterwards tolrd kingregard for h a nbJisatioost^d dutica towarUs r..f ;-:'ti.:u-; , ha'r and whiskers gray, his mustache taxi:, his ior&a-oal suDoaotl at Shornelifie. near Pclkeatoae. Bis Rey«) WJ::«ta butrarelytobemetwitiiamougsi.theS.-JJto rcrund, full an1 dome-Idee, his complexion f<reID »30,Clailuice? liamtheFourth),who,havingn<>legitimate ; offsj^ing, on bisdecsatein1827,theright,titleaad ; dignityt| nterc,UiePrincessVictoria,ofKent,of s whomtii,tJPrtaoeorWales,Albert Edward,nowthe ;or i'rtaso of Wales' Eayal Cacadiac regiment of foot, thenBj*nneaatootoocatiatitomakeIkefallowingappropriate speechtotkeosaeranlodofficersaeimen—"Lord Helrule, Otlonei de Rottesberg, and officers antlwhiciihebelftcgs. and uaceparea:, ha eyes dark basal, his dr.ssWiththesametliaregaricftimehonoredpruii^e.the the rerfecticn ofceatcet*aadgoodtaste. EetaDui?inseveraltostance?practicallyannclieilttaoh probablythemestcultivatedgentlemancfthesuite,aciNewmarketPodding. ' «sarlot:e Ruase.atIdiersofthetoothregiment—It'.smostgratifyingti'nexlonsandstringentgamelaws,solongthedetectat:onh*mindand-TLacnersareequallyrelabel.'Inhisme that, by the v-caen's graoiasB ptrmimioB, my Srai of Kngltah tenants. Daring h a visit to Niagara l-...lu, In capacity of tutor General Bruca was tzo ouly persua public act since I hare had the honor of ho.dlng a com• a n o o u U e BrttssU army should be the preoeatation oampany with the Pnnee, lie met one of hta eld tenants, prfsent during Lie memorable interview between tfcjof outer* to-a regimont which is the spontaneous offering new sngaged in a tour filing business, and th$ rccognl Prince and the Pope of Rome, and, iudeod, accompaniedBoyjkl Eijjf' atSuckin" pay^htarfwae born oa the 9th of November, 1841, Palace.London:andanxiousasweere to eiittins; homage, still let us say that arc trustXbatoftheroyalbeaiiandsentnflyingfromstoneto stene. till it fell ever into tee garden beneath Tfca we*of thebi-a!andcr.riwi Canidicn people, and witb t.-oawassomatktdandccraialthatthebystander: were the Prlnoodqrin- hisfirstContlnenta'.tear. HisR>ya' hewillb^ 1htapresentUUeforverymanyyears. , at'their desire, m y name haa been specially ansaTie ceremonial on whid. we are now engaged led te Inquire in regard to the circumstances of tke for Highness could not have a better " guide, philosopher aa.i peculiar signincanee ac 1solemnity beoauae cer acquaintance betwear, the parties. It appears that friend." Equally at home in the drawing room, the ttotd E F D T H A VENDE HOTELIke crowd that assembled before toe hotel constantly grew ic point o f numbers, and many efforts were made toinducetoePrincetccomeoutagain. Be",havingonce appeared and retired. b e d id not return. A curious cir- cumstance here occurred Several ladies who were inaa^warl, butthe yourgmax. boreitoatmiy,ani when eomebcc'y near (it was one of the committeeJ, cflered the loan cf ha owe in its place, Albert Euward graieful'y accepted toe mvor> and became the wearer of toe borrowed bat till h a own was brought up from the regions below.I consider this last incident a* quite a feather a toe cap of the eldest son or Mr Buchanan a " good friend,"' and she ta good, which ta tucre thai, we can say of ailcrowned head*.From the- College toe party went to the Juatera Peni-suchprankswithhisgraic,anlbesiies tha presentreGermains, belongs to aa ancient flunll/ which oourkbedt WUT*.taoef the endowmeat of the Catholic clergy and tksra- remsrtd lato CornwaU, aad in the kaglaatog af therorm of the tariflk, for which he Toted. Be was appointed fifteenth century, Walter Qtat, one of h a ancestors, wasLordaftheTreasuryta1194,tacoaneetionwiththedratreturnedamongtkegentryeftkatshire.TheKarlta ,andcouldapeaknolanguageexceptpiece,called"BtoaceaadBrunette,"twoasttatoastypesGbbtoetofStarRobert Peel;intoeeeoond PeelOabtoatof named Edward Granville Eiot. Be was born as lealaad Iks*beheld tkestillklgkerpast ofarstCom tke 29th ef August, 1TM, and was married oftheWoodsandForests,to1M«hewasforo*toeftofSeptember,MS*,toJemima, Bseretary in Chief tor Ireland. daufbter of tke late Marqnta ComwaUa. Hta Is lata the Duke of Newcastle formed a part ef tke ancestor, Sir John Eliot, waa member of Parliamentfor Aberdeen minktry, aad after baring ditekarfed the the county of Cornwall ta the reign or Charles the First Tkta gentleman, a strenuous opponent of tke Court, was appoiatedbytheBouseofCommonsoneoftkemanagers oftkeimpeachment oftkeDak*of Buaktaghaia,fordifficulty which the adroit Edward soon of Ortontalbeauty,lifesine. Tkereare alsoafew peat by presenting to htasaw subjectsbtaowo. tagsbyTalt;"TkeCheck:KeepTeafffJtotaaiie,"laWttrat- onlythepreriouenightinCaernarron.Tim srgliltoatkeprelrtos,tovarygas*.Am»gam,)a Man day*wulbeat headtoaueble•to write a katery.or part hatory, of hia life j duties of tke colonial office for some time, ke waa maderekt wko ever bald t k e English aoeptre. trait o f t k e Queen, painted a t Buckinghamaadpower,kewasaamtoadtatketoe- lire,in1841.byGeorgefreeman. * iofBerkleyCattle, aad there murdered by All tke paintings are origmato.Palace, from of highIrettobeless*. lx* **eekcf htayuwtesad tkej SecretaryofWarinJune,1864,amos*.importantposition >aofhamesrboodandmetantyareyettobe sttkatparted,toeeatiqoeac*oftkeRcewan war. Thetoe re Prince of Watot was son of the above un specUre arttoto, ffrom Williams, Btoiaas kWtotaaaa',To aflord s s opportunity to iaapeet toe arrangement*, Use supper rooms will be opeaed between toe boar* of atae aad tea o'clock, merely as a promenade. At to*unnaturalatttwashornoto. w class, ani are fine tpeclmesa of bebeebaler*him,aadattheawtuaauj;onallaidesagainsttkeInsufficientaaduasatafactorywaecommutedteIkeTower,butsoonafterwardsre- 'batveryunlikektmtadispositionandtkewhohavedrawnonseveralprivatecollectionsforapor-bearwhentkePrtaeeaadhtasuiteshallproceedtesup-1VHI em Bar aaaWJ mms'iawm *#asW M W V M +per, ss many w*l accompany aad follow toem at UM room win accommodate with convantenoe, wuec tke en- trance win be closed; sad ibossseforward tapper wit] b s fornkbeddurmgtoewkctoevening. Ittaexpectedtkat parties will aot remain ta toe sapper ream longer than twenty minutes at aay oae time, taonminiti as tea ar- raagemenl to 1 stisaarj , to order to astord equal faeUitaa to all. The supper tables will be ooaataaUy repteaabad aad renewed, ao as to sflkr to those supptag at toe later kiare the same choice and abundance of rerreskmeeia aad tke tame attractions tkat existed at toe bsgtoaing."WELCOME, LaDDIE, FOR YODB 1CTHE8'8 8AIE."On the inscription,"Welcome, laddie, for year mHber'a take." apea a banner ta aa* ef toe boats which welcomed tke Prtaaa a t Detroit.Buck ka* been said aad done sic' toe Prtaee cam' bars To mak' haa kind welcome aa' gle bim gutd cheer;But the bes-. toi»g seen or said on land, stream or ake, It was "Welcome, laddie, tor year mittoer « sakeOb! lightketooheart0'bimwkadesign'dtt,Calm as toe feeling which nestles behind tt;with tke Sbaksperean mute needs teen ta New York. In the daya ef tke Japaaese Be hi» bead erer clear,may h a soul know no ache,ean aniy be coaavatuiated oa the | asmpatos bad hardly opened when load complalate arose which, with Sir Dudley Digges, tke other manager, kemaaner ta which tke ministry had provided for the *e- leased. In 1628, Sir John Eliot, with other m enelf*. Tke aame of Sdward the Taird fills a tion of their works. They are very valuable, aad aa ad- ta xtogBak history, at dot* tkat ef hta son, ditional mtcraaoa of $S0,flC0 oa tke building kat been"Back Prince," tke moat tocoestful of ge- made to cover these patettoga alone. *gentlemanly. He dresses Will, and teems to take a pride ta the arrangement of hta drees asd general persossei.Indeed, the Earl, in hta attention to hta costume, aad taly. B e ta haughty ta hta manners, bat nevertheless a favoriteamour;tkeladlea.'•Dskes I Jferd, Oareaoeaad toe rest.'' Aftert(taprincecomestheeldestsonofEdwardtkelandlt E ward tke Fifth—who, according to general ho- tingled hkxt out as one of the most patriotu aad estimable popularity with the fair sex. His office at equerry to the lier, wasi: aurdered ta tke Tower of Loadoa, at the issti-manners show that he fully appreciates tke importance ofCAPTAIN GSAT.popularity with the men, Capt. Gray divides Witt: kirathe altcutione of the lades.son, Ch| |as E-iward, was commonly caUed toe "Pre- tender * JTheGraphs takiug possession oftot-£aglish throne inof St. George, at Windsor, and to exercise all rigntaaad , acLcuccsme&t by an alius c i to oertaui abo>teisect3 o The Hon. Major General Bruce has been entrust*-! by 1714, t'a4jtx'. Pnuce of Walee was the sou of tke first sstai! assigned lo the Prince of Wales, In our Bdyal Chape' | a considerable Ices to himself. Then, after prefacing the ariTLieges beiccglng to a Keith; Companion of th« satC j rent ra&de by h:r fxtber. be stated that he had cotre toCKXERAL BRUCE.capacity he resides with the Prince at Oxferd and SCXHB lative ef Lord j..fin, and a portion of the Dla.-ue U" theof | thai ..dcevua'.ion oa th« . Enpltah Utrine, which h| istaejided in 1760. Two years aterwardsj ingty been done by hta orders, ana the result was the reduttre:. .1' the r«at of a Uw^e proportion of Uiem whilstthe lew thai were raised l e had decided upon leaving attheir old.rental. Consider^ the heavy ascrifcew-vritchthe*'? cocc«S8ior.8 entaileC on a landlcrl wfcc 'Lad a althurgh lac j:nc hgh tniliUry rark, is a: preeentar. aa tonfge 1^. ae Regent m 1812, and King in 1820, ac 1 was. pri«?*ly rmuk t i maiiitain they manifest a <v»aso-.er.:iottB attached fffioer General Bruce ia tal! and well bul'fj, IrsJioicoso( thenofcu*IrdinCanadaandCkro*hac Beenan.justly attributed to tne General. In order '.hat tta t^.orehi^i of the Piinco may not be lUernsBteJ, the General, of 1|tkt patent, when of a few days old. This perinoonkdisgtoyoaftrthe(trsitime'Miaemblemofmili-setaeyearsagothegaasepreservedbytheI.MIKmadeandthelibrary—sjuailywellversedtatheetiquettea' IK-JUA"?18ONSQCABX—THEPCWOC'StheroomnexttothedininghallofthePrincethoughttary hdeiisy and rale. I not only recognise empbaticslirji • lnitilf-nriT into oar national tsree, but celebrate anact wticb prociairiE and strengthen the unity of the notaKioe became unbearcJio. Filled with iall^aztion, General Bruce appears the model geoltomac, while bisraiioua parts of tr.is rast empire under the sway of oar one o2 the tenazitt—the gentleman hi qnestton—stirted goodness of haari, his instant recogcitkn of merit in oommoa •srsrsigc. Aithowgh. owiaj to my youth andmexpenecct Icanbetten-tmperfaotrygtreesprestlon for1>i£Duke'sreaideacs,ar.dseeing,batnotrewgx.-iaj. everystation,bionativityandhtaafablMt?makehimao ta t i e eantlmaatg wOiah this oocac.on Is mkdstotoi h> hta Grace standing sear the lodge, and very roughly lee* loved- than adzaired. No member cf the suite will eireseod.te requested fate landlord to open the fate. atiiact more- atteation in New York, and score deserve tt,AfAXrUTSTB, ETC. thattheywould:otc•'farastostepontiptoethrough :flooj-iakag prorince STCanada, vow mar rest assured tkat 11hall erer nasck toe progress saw bar-Is natesto af your gaiant corps with deep mtoreat, and &&t I heartily wishTkfi the Duke did, aad O e man rode up to tke hecee. There he found no Duke, but plenty of beef and ale,than the Hon, Msor General Bruce.proach ef tke areeeaston, was suet as can onlycharacterize ladfts of toe softest natures aad toe tentary, a building from which radau seven wings, inmosta part of wonaaa'c nature as it a of man's,and because these 1 iroous maidens rentered to peep at Ithticipatioo of tL e visit. Many of these were a'.re-sue1.sadbavecwiththetropeofhtatenantrythatthe courtandcamp,endasscholarlyashotanccomplahed—yew all-honor aad success in the prosecution of the noble rjh.ci Lngltsh hospitality furciches to the poorest eiaiier. career on which you t i r e entered."The Prince arrived ir. the Eternal City ja the latter part After waiting a while be started for homo,"more ladlgaaat,batnotquiteassober asever. Againhomet&etar. ancient and moderc Rome, proceeded -uietiy and un- Duke, again requested him to play the part of porter, whiskers and high forehead. He dresses in light colored |crowded with tadiea and gentlemen, who had come tacf January, I860 aai,Liaving spent soce time in explortatallandstoutybuilt,andhasheavy,Lorkicoloredside;square and the magnificent surroandtat; It certainly tsea seem that public con.educed to bim by' toe praon authorities apo* whichthecraslbancsshakingtooxplaoe.Tke party were afterwards conducted tnrougb the wards, daring -which Uie Prince inquired after the eefJ alluded •» by Carles Dickens 'tn hie "American Notes" a£ baviisg been entirely and beautifully painted oy a German senteeced to flvs years" iapraonn»e=. for tar ceny. Ihdrssahadaninterr:ewwiththismac.whom he describedwa toe most dejected, heart broken wreicoed creature it would be possible to imjg-ac He neversawsocfeepicturecffcriore aill.et,<-anddatresaostentatiously to his stcdles Before da.a? so, nowerer. ke paid a rtait te toe Fcp*. His appeemaoe at the Tati- eaa m worthy ci note, inasmuch aa a Priaoe of (he blood acyal of Ecgiand hakn:'. made a simitar risk for some eastunea. Agreeablytatheexpressedwl^liafherM* jesty, the rtceptton waa conducted with litiU ceremonyBLm Bolieets rose an' tke entry of the Priaoe, tad, coming! atenee w ^ * Lave been, caore fully considered in theshoideoff ikotei. Ituandsta an eligiMe posit.on, it tioned tL«t tLa forcii d<dk^cd akeg the wLole line, from !and, aiain consenting, the Lake, by adroit questioning!:,led tho man to rentilate hus.grievances Phased to Csda aympatiizer, the tenant grew eloquent upon h a lessee, ;and CnaJly left for hame, sl*eatly reliered at having ueeu i press his opinion in .-agard to Uie Prlnoo freely and with I a b l e a : l e a s t t o t a l k o f h i e j n e f s . W h e n h e a r o s e t h e 'next caerais,' he found the faoekeepere and nei^hborine;teaaotry bury in destroying a-o g&mekrTLcu hai ptayetl !hotel,tadwithtkegeneraldesirecfseeingk± tea young man was to occupy,ami toewhich be was to sleep, there was enoughto occupy day. Tkere were loud complaints actinctthetelectj of tola loots., so far up town. Everybodyaeetaed t^lcetacido ta tke view thai tke Everettf Houte sM fldj have bees chosen. This latter named This gentlemen is the Prince's professor-at Oxford. He plac| 00; bands an ec tensive and splendid viewrefinedandpolaaV. todies. Theircoathwtdaringtoe iwhole afternoon, whPe jkey patiently watted for the ap-DR. AGKLAND.clothes and of an eary make.clothes, and of an easy make. Dr ASklsnd, althoughsomewhat reserved in manner, does not fcesitate to ex- * has the m | , oneaocptionaUe acsommodatienc, and toeoccupy theFilto Aveitue Hotel, be did so.srpreciatire intellect—but he says that with toe Prince's | C.4 rtomsi lere eory eiegaa: They were about the bestg e n e r a l v k ; w h i c h i c p r e t e s t e d f r o m i t s w t a u o w s La u u outhesitation, Hedoesnotconsiderhimclever,inthe•:iuailed-i.tejcitjr. Butasitbadbeendecideilthattoethe Battery tt thee d u c a t e d , i n t e l i i g e c . excepticn to this ru e wr: was net of the-alight«»t terruptedtheirtuoviecvenue Hotel, wee composed of • i e c t l e m a n l y o i E e e r s . T h e o n l y a fat lump of & fellow, who to tee division but rather in- andusefulness andwhoboreEnglish sense of the term—that is to say, of actire, qutok, |habitsofapplication,hksadvantagesandtkescliilground-! leewardtothedooroftfi:apartmenttomeethim,ooa-Ilei",bortoeivedpermlaiontorepeatthedestructionac,workofaneducationwhichhealreadyposBesses,hewill•Twhictti%hotelcoat&ias.Theprapnetorc—llesars.onhaoldbatfc.re•11^atjkenumber"las."This,wejofndnd."Mybeartbledforh:na n*say*,*ao»eahimtnthemoalstablemannerpossibletoaseat, often astiegvne became tswublesomo. MatEM.liti. undoubtedlybecomeoa2ofthebeateiucatedmenofthejHitcilcock^ IdJDaritag—didavorythingintheir powerto hoard,wasapar:Mtue :c-oftheEighteaathprecinct !"andwhentoetsarsrandownhischeeks,aadhetoo*00se^ieredintocoarersaticawithhimtoFrsoch.Ool aabJemenwould—mceeo*,mc«;Enxlahnoblemeudo—[age. Dr.Ackiaadwillfindwarmfriendssaioogthe iTKi4?th<|,trtODalfeeltag^.crthePrincear.Jatasuite, IJIBfellowasiusiad|moiB :athauGeneralStoUwocld Ioftotvifiiler*asidetoask,withhatremblinghand*was the only otter person present at U » Inter aliow tkeii- ionantry te get aionc as they may,, and c*re j h^her classes of our literary men, such as Dr. Cogswell, :.u* :#r$tti %, in tke saeanLmt, their duty as Asaericaa ev?r presume opoaJererj er a glorious victory He ' nervuusly clKobing at his coat to detex L.U., wbatiier•ww which was brier, ax.! limited to eompllmeatary expremionesad aabjeauof tocai interest,but perfectly ry to ait parIf, On the Prtoee ris«i£ te take ,,thePopeooaduotedhimagaintottedoor iia:> same warmth of master which he had test.ledanraoate-ngt>im.TkestaycfhiaRoyalBlgknasitn xtowebaj»gtsterraptedbrteecworeekofthewar4i Itory. be firarallad to Otkraitar, tad from tksnsa to Spain aadiortagal. BereturnedtoiagiandonJaae26,Ui*fully proteo: from even a sticker stono, their flno but j ef the Aster Library; and in that haunt of clients be destructiveprcairves wikundoubtedlybegonorallyfound,more atease therecd-tuf*S.i-,I:A-a^n})' tabsurdtc aiiudo totheenthusiasmefteeraehed like a sjilif Ugt>1 a^on oar reporters, dashed there wae no nope of fca d«r;ia! sectecc.- be .eg commat -became King Elward the Second, and whieb attracts mack attention, to "ktoramg to to* Oats during ike whole erening tor himself aad bta suite, an ep-at oa* ef the weakert aad mestaafor- kills," by kclotee, also a most exquisite nvnature par-pcrtnnity will be akerded tor toe guests, durmg toe fn^ menade, te pass before the Prtaee asd party, through t k t aid of toe Floor Committee.of tedectatoa and weakness, he was the did not take place, for the reason tkat toe pr*csaston toer a few years, we come to another Priaoe of WelesJ'to reliant as htagrandfather and as unfortunateMany j tort pats and many changes take place before •tofGeorgeIVhadsadlytarnake*?toehighaisfbther,htaGracewaaensefthetrettogivskiaadhesionhispositron.ThememberofthesuitewhodanceswiththeUUe;PrinceofWalesisagaintakenup—intheprewheretenthousandfreeAmericanareceivedhim Yesterdaymorningtkefirstpubliceventoftoedawbe 4d who, aoocrding to usage, was created Princein ata v.i, [noted' for tLe splendor of hta living DyingChicken Ea'ad. Woodcock.P»te de Perdreaui.Brunei Partridcea. rasvr.T.!X twaa succeeded by his brother, the Duke of XN weleometi st•c;ccrrepublic,istheeldestson.Hie %. Pratt.\1 'of almost general an raction from an eariy toe front bai.ony i te peep at tee heir te toe crown of orniag. Ine common curiosity of the ladies Great Britain. Tbey-r.-ere a small company of beautiful,pc••;;*: :,Si ' 1 a crowd ae was&ssembiel ta too thorou/j_- Themanryaa^straightforwardconductoftilt-DukeinthanamoCstbocrowdsr.j^chattendthePrices'apro-!fares|f,N<;V>>rkyesterda;foj."exceeiedanythinga"onthewhole-iaL-.ctei!ipeefeetdisgraceoathe roomwasstillnearlyinthesamestatemwhichthatgrata.Canada, en tie tctationof the Orange d'sturbmcefl, i£yetintherecollectionofourreaders Atimidandvadilatingmanarouidnererbarebeanequaltotheemer |gency. but tke boltl and determined stand takea by the , tatooson of the Earl of St. Germans and the ueit to thetho ^l|L [A ; IVe have ever see- up to tois time. Tbe Jap^aiip1;bassycertainlyattractedlargecrowds,a, didtbjp4p;dflcorvetteofto*£raziitaanavy,which,respectable and roa;o;uEilu* •£*«:? to whicli he a unfortu- natelyattached,s^'srtjpievactusllylostamonghie crowdahitatflysc?:a^toCwildly—withoutacyknoa-or'inwal bad left it,save tke dlioaees of cccrug wt]ch hodresultedfromteewearandtearofua,,.A.teo-^nbom sra.1andceilinghadbeeciantasticallydaawi.merewas netLiPg t('rrpicuoQe about tbe apartL.ent.Befotcleavingtoetastitutioathepartv:nac">edte«ir namatintoeratters book,toePrincesim^ysignag Aibert inward, ia a awall, neat hand. No »>oa„ U./JJ turned te back ppoa toe writing than Uer,was a rushhoaeat, open character of the mat inspires hta whole: bat h k thesB.gh traialag aad aatcral parts form, so that, ereu withoct seeing hta face, man say— handsome, very good natored and afiable, and anythingrace a n atam%mk a a d preaawteaamg tosk. Aaslr af Taffcsk wstotog akwsiwa* lofty.kids, aad task majktof steak, asmptoU the make '••—ggeatlsmas Tke mssstreaf the Prtoeea good model tor aay yojoth to lot tei of friends•TO* OF NEWCASTLE.tfth Doktafj > * • " * • * Brttxto.; •f'fay.mt,! rm to*"Tkat watt be the Duke of Kewsacile." From these but artatocratic in hta appearancs. He has oittn been vary qimltttas—tt* qoaHtlea tkat appeal matt to Aneri mistaken for the Prince, whom be resemble* in nothingwas done at oae o'clock, after a stay of hail an aourTke party thee went to toe Assylam for tae insane, where one ef toe lunatics darced a n; in celebration of so unusual an event. They passed through tee ranoos wards, chatted with tome of the uafortunaie Tint ire,and made many inquiries concerning the mi>« of thebat hta email aoe, and ta freatry sought after by-taaaa- at aknokt every pare which the whoare anxious toatoa real specimen of a live foungbelow the average very cociiderabiy, a t tke streets, wito res af Cattle and People,' by Baokkayaen, toe exception of those oa to* route of tke procession' werejof parUsular notice. W. Thayer, Sr-, comparatively deserted. jsapartmentastheauthorofamagaiacentTHE BALL TD THE FRJJTCE.Is bardty second to tke Priaoe ta popular1- Tke "Picnic Party," ky James M Bart,party hat rtailed cheers for tke DUw have succeeded thosefortkePrince. ThawasthecaseareataCanada, where the Orangemen, after burning tke Duke ta effigytord.THEHISTORICALPRIefCESOFWALES.In the hereditary halo surroundtag the title of Prince of Watot there ta much calculated to involve toe detail of i, foDia tore with k a Grace at soon as ke tke Bkkortaa. Identified at to* dignity has bate with asrsoaally among them, ware completely capti- English story ior more than fir* centuries, few readers vated ky h a mingled trmams aad kindness, aad sathu- even of tkat story are cognizant of toe powers or evenUtag tkat ta wktok tke Prtoee dtoes Isapplauded the vary man against whom they to entertain tt* bitterest kostllity. For a *f honest, manly tadependsaae. ao farm, after tkat i—» than thai ofthenearly allied to toe honorary designation of the regular, heir to the Brittoh throne, and even those who. yesterday, were among to* foremost to welcome te New York city Hi1finliaia TiIniu irSihi nufiliniTtr tn the loUow-that no particular description ta necessary tke toft of tea apartment are -Views to Virginia, by W. L. Soatogf, asbii'sTemiTlr " bytkeaameauthorning, tke large cards of invitation not being recognisedaad a glimpse of toe city and the Delaware to the ric&t.THEHOK.MB.ELIOTTtitle. He'taverytali,andLisfacetanotunlikotoa',of hafa:ber. MrElioU'smanner?areveryproudaadre- served, and repel rather than attract Uu public. He ta a member of a crack London sorpa of the British anny, and ta dietinguished. when ta uniform, byan lame^se bearskincap,whichmakes hisstature appearsuperts- man. Of hia ability, or indeed of Lis character, he gireo at no opportunity to judge. He is not attached te tec Prince's suite, but invariably travels with it, 10. o>mfora 1ki^oti'kttnc,wasanctortd iaosri-orL Butsucha ledgatfhisduty—asdtaeonly excusethatcac-cmercyLOED HIXCHENBRO0KE,who has barely reached his majority, and who is also un- attached to to* suite. My lord came to this country. It lasaid, to hunt bulalo, but preferred tc accempanj toe Prices at hta own expense, and share in toe festintioe of his progress. Lord Hi£chenbrcoke a short, by no meansThe main room conUntitled Documentspeaks its awn -praise.litance,, against t h e north wall, a beautifu idhject being "A Winter Morning and 3un uines," painted in an exquisite atfle of art4 William* There is also a sum-THK ntntCB'8 BEDROOMsitting room ware furatoked aadaid btabeautifiedexertions of toe proprietors and the varied advftj of kit unsolicited friends seemed to hare exercaed considerable Influence en the whole arrangementsTH* radMissB awfrjcw BY THE FSINCEta the most elegant style. TksPrtaee of Watos' Ataericah Guard earned a reputation forthemselves that cad never be beaten Their dram corps,when pasting before toe headquarters of tke royal son ofEngland'a Queen, handled their batons ta a way that was ber one wss paid te Girard College, where a targe crowdside any time. He responded to toe affectionate greetingknown, i jobliged to fly frem Ecgiand, taking with aim of the people by repeatedly bowing to them, and, after the occasion by presenting some bone chestnuts to hi* bta wifpi tafaat sen (Prince of Wales), afterwards walking up and dewu the p atform for abet ten minues, Royal Highness and askmg him to plant them, "tor,"tb*lWk4X Chevalier S t George, in whose behalf the kcown ahe returned into tee dining room, followed by toe officers of his suite.The Prince aad bta attendants then retired to dine, in S style as simple aad unpretendingas would satisfy anyplebeian.Tke following ta a copy of toe bill of fare —rsisrr "r WJIM' rLC*a. "^,11 Dies.DINNSR.TBrnsDAT, ecTOBiii 11, lfitt). socr.AtaJubesne. Mock Turtle»risH.Boiled Ba*s. ihrunp sauce. aawovatRoist saddle oi Mut'rm.Bcatt EUt; of Beef, wttb muaarooas. B^TSEKS.Sweetbreada a la Vieeroi Pricaaat de feuiet a la 1 beveliere.% Beoi«|>Bau salia% Queen Victoria. This was toid to the Pnnee, whoApplePleatieleeauXadere. £qgs«hPtoa. 'EBSSaBT. IVanillaIceCream.perfectthePrincetheserrioeaetthepolicewerecalledinto drive them back. W^vjm tat. iap , aad -we do not care about enlarging on tow duetic.which tke cells arc built. The central bo; d a g wMaccecipliihmtxt.Bat curiosity taBut speaking of j>iiioesarrauaietnents, u may be menabout furiousy, without! metning to kucw where Ied,tlaespectacle«- reallytoopainfultow.ieess.'" Theho was going or s•srrhatj-kis owe actions meant, and1hlohtheyarefurntaheilmust,orshoalitowduringthewholeaay,whichneverdimiiojShedUU skip,wtiufa,asascatterofcourse,theypron-v.noedex-Ike scenes around to? ittmb Avenue Hotel do not afc5-parti&cdarnotice. Thesewas»largecrowdcollectedaftadits, Anxious to scan tee "dearreiki- -. peuam- quteite. Everytotag teat Albert lidward joes mm. oeperfection ta tks eyes 0 / the fair aid beautifu.Stili another corridor v « valted after th-a. aod in«re Uie P r m a entered into c^**raatioo vitn oo« J*og« Voadersmitk, who de-poried t'toaeif w.th the utovet BOcchalar.ce He was a maerable .;x*^g man. m a ti^utfit ttag suit cf blue wooUee, and as be-t"toed in Lm gkiumy square cell both bta posit.oc and pros^^cte afforae.: a ttriking contrast to toe ycueg mac wito wn<.'u he con-Tiew oa tke etker side, by toer,j in no degree lets, beautiful than toe on the west mde of toe cityX Ataong toe smaller estab- qualltiealandscape ta the "New Forest," by lishments, bowsver, ctoaed, •torsi were' the sneptios. I saw one of tke unhappy creatures therr ncarctraed H)f, to a rtry tae pataUag which adoraa The bustaere toe open etorfa transacted matt hare been buret into tear* at tke Prtaee took ha departure. TarntattltBttaa. From tkta te toe park was bet a abort drive, aekef d'omers of Asttrtoaa art asmely, To prevtat dnappota,tmeat aad aoatfastoa, notice ta aad here tbe lovert of toe picturesque enjoyed a retreating great picture of tke "Fells of Niagara. " hereby given tkat the amaljf Uckeu will alone entitle to view, embracing a beautiful, extent ef umbered aad >--aatiso well known to the public aad to toe adrnkwioatotkebtUat toe Academy ef Music tea eve- land, with Uie Sckalkyll river winding ta tee foregrcBSdMayor Heury accompanied toe party, and rati ana** Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comfor teat purposesreea can onlv enter bv th»- dooraiwhere a temporary piauorm hadThe weather was clear and *u*nj to a deJ paUvi d*r-«e: That* having tickets with the design oa toe back ta | aad as to* cortege seared tke main build >t%- or bote! 