 n u n .TVE DAtgLKETEEAl.D. turn cenUper am K per annumTME Wamr BE HA LB evert Satrnday, ml <t* cemUper copy. •* $S ptr i w u i , tfo a V q a — Edition <*arg W**W*ay af rix ar*|jjMr<x>py MtM-raiwMK fa any port c / Arwri Arttut'*, o»Sitournsorto/(Ac(XmUmm.6o(HtoetehfttVportage;Ike t'Ji/orma Edition <mUu U* and ZM e / Me* M M A * i t s emit **"*•"f*. o^BlOUJHH •nil—cratic platform. Upon such issues in opposi- TherewerenocasestriedintheCourtofGeneral tiontotherepublicanprogrammeofincessantbe organized otherwise than b y the election of such a fanatic endorser, let it never organize. Let them vote on till the next Presidential election—till the 4th of March, 1861—and then let them go home for instructions from their constituents. Our word for it, the people will never elect a Congress that will choose Sher- man, or any other endorser of the incendiarytiona.lb exempt the property of firemen in the Stats fromtaxation to the amount of $600 each. Adjourned.Assembly.AxsABT, Jan. 4,1888.TOLUNO aAUtOAD rRKTOHT.Business in the Assembly opened with the presentationof petitions for a pro rata freight bill.Mr. FLUHJB (rep.) said these were the forerunners ofaa avalanche of similar petitions on a most important sub • ject He moved the reference of ail such to a select com- mittee of five. Agreed to.ByMr.Jams(dem.)-To divide theEleventhwardof *"*• alcana,Jen.*,18B8. Brooklyn, and to extend Felix street. (Mtoa-Salos to-day 8.600 bates at lPXc for iBJldEBfTBttAMlLTUEEALDTUnfStT nrwe, mMeHed fromkieraBtyaid for.PAMICVLAMUT " A . * n i lon WtdaMda*, «tf /owr ends permains in ,4a tu quo for the presentSessions yesterday in consequence of the failureof witnesses to attend. Jenny Howard, indictedwar upon Southern slavery, in every shape and form, until all the States shall have become free States or slave States, and with the immi- nent peril of forcing the Southern States out of the Union, this Northern balance of power of half a million of intelligent men will be at the service of the Charleston Convention.Thebut returned on here.started for Now York to-4ty. of the ice, and isA2> VSMTOEMEytSreturned fwry do*; AdtwrifMmM* iV rttd W «U WlMlt BU4U; PiMILT UmmA.M. and in themrUdL^tOomea and European Edition*.The cattle market yesterday was unmarked byany essential change, the supply being good, thedemand moderate, and prices about as they were aweek previous. The offerings were mostly of anordinary quality, however, and the average price of conciliation with old line whigs and conser-tag period last year. Increased reoetpta at 209,008 bales; a\<. atall the ports 889,080 bales. to Liverpool 8-1M.t a n pors rVesfB*JOB PmiXTIirearn*d w«A wokni, rAmfMUM anddt-There are some encouraging indications, too, at Washington, of a disposition, even among the Southern fire-eaters, to enter into liberal termsVoliKIBLOV TOAAOVurr-DcniHov—!•» OBOBS..—Two or tuO n u w o r WtBTIBOAJtDBBT,WALLACE* THXATBB, Broadway.—BOUAJTB OBSSR— HATPT MA*.LATJBA CKSIfrs THBATBB, CM WnUmrnj.-G* www BOWIRT THBATBB, Bowery.-DICE, vac ffiwsHOT—Morasa GOOSE A«i» THB GOLDS* Boo— A LAD LB-A- LAST.TRRATRB PRANCAIS, 686 Broadway - L « OtOCMH DO PBBB MAxrw-La Basons aui PLMBBKT.AJCVaOUUTTB THIS EVBNINQ..»•. #PiAi*-'OTfc-was, perhaps, lower than at that time. Prices vative Know Nothings and disaffected republi-GARDE*, Bwedwer ~TWST Earsrangedfrom5}c.to10c.,includingallkind),from nferior to prime. Cows were in moderate request,cans, in order to stave off the fearful alterna*l e w York, Thanday, January 5, I860.i-*i ••—•mug FOBTIE PACIFIC.HawYorkHerald-Callforaia Kditioa.$1 26, and choice white Kentucky at $1 65. Corn was steady, with moderate sales, at rates given in another column. Pork was dull and heavy, with sales of mess at $16 0614, and prime at $11 60 a $11 62%. Sugars were firm,withsalesof 600a700 hhds. Cuba muscovado,60 do. New Orleans and 600 boxes, at rates given In another column. Coffeewasarm,butsaleswerelight Thestockother provisions which have to be made for the growth of large communities, might be fairly resisted. It is not necessary for us to point out the shortsightedness and absurdity ofsuchreasoning. Thebestanswertoitisthat posterity will take more enjoyment and benefitM o v e m e n t s o f H o n . W . H . S e w a r d . AuBt-as, N. Y ., Jan. 4, i860.Governor Seward left this city for Washington on the nine o'clock train this morning.mas land grant was referred to a special commit- tee, as none of the standing committees desired to take charge of i t Mr. Mason entered into a lengthy explanation of the term "BerrileStates," as applied by him to the free States. In using therelating to Mexico. He thought protection should be afforded by the federal government to American citizens in Utah and Texas before redressing out- rages inflicted by the Mexicans.so fully and clearly before the great body of*their fellow citizens as to secure thousands ofus the assurance that the difficulty raised by him Will only be temporary in its operation.plotters of treason on either hand, that neither shall bepermitted to succeed; that it shall not be In the power ofeither to disturb the perpetuity of a Union cemented andsanctified b y the blood of our patriotic fathers. A t everysacrifice the constitutional rights of the people and theStales shall be maintained, equal justice done to all, and the snow about the doors seeking for. entrance. TheyThe new treaty with Mexico was sent to the Senate yesterday, together with a statement, by Minister McLane, of the position of affairs in that republic.and leave new ones are roped in to supply thefunds. Now and then bright looking negroes which the HERALD took previous to the election over Isaac Saunders, the present incumbent. John R. four or five inches in diameter, as though it was intendedX e w i .did not in any manner participate in that unlawful pro- the designer has to supply all the details, the ceeding, and to know that when some of the guilty par-n^mipmw.pyjpjpmiHiyn —- mic^-rr-* T •&*!*****^~ ——^w—•JE•-- TNEW YOKXJHERALD.JAMBS SOBOOl 0EIIETT, EDITOR AN|> PROPRIETOR.OFVICB K.W.COBNRR Of NASSAU AMD FULTOM STS. now Is $11,653 16.» Judge Roosevelt has commenced the perform-lence in Recommending Helper's infamousbook, and it will be in utter violation of theconservative feeling of the North, and the in-stinct of self-preservation in the South, if he iselected to preside in a national body. The only extending half an hour:No•-Arrl •*al af ttaa There are as yet aonow fully due at this port, with Liverpool of December.phrase he referred more particularly to those per-sona in the free States who wear livery, whom heregarded as about on a Bar with negro slaves. Mr.Harlan, republican, of Iewa, discussed the topicsof the President's Mesgage, bat more particularlythe slavery question. Mr. Foster, republican, of all parties. We have repeatedly expressed the Connecticut, referred to thatportionof the Messagedling uplands. The receipts at the ports since the 1st September last have reached about 2,143,000 bales—fully equal to one half of the whole estimated crop of 1869-60 Tht' receipts for the same period last year amounted to 1,781,000 bales. The experts since 1st September lastBy Mr. GOVBB (dem.)—For the relief of gas consumers.BABJnnPS AMBBICAW MUSKTJM, ft oat way.-After- have reached 1,103,000, leaving a stock on hand of The Underground Railroad a n d Its Vic*aotm— ALADMB. JtveaJa*—CBAXLES T H * SBOOBD—Foarr 048,COO bales. Most estimates ef the crop do not goTHIEVES.first of these reasons were to prevail in the de-cision of questions of this kind, our towns andcities would make but small progress. If we prayer.higher than 4,200,000 bales, while some persons have putforth an estimate of 4,300,000 bales, which, comparedwith the figures of others, is an outside calculation. Withsuch large receipts, so early in the season, it is not to be»raau i» Boaoa, DAseaa. BoaL«a«»oaa, Ac.—Mas. OAT'S expected that the article will continue to arrive in mar' ness of stealing, or acting as receivers of stolen Naw TBAB CALL* FOB IMO ket so late as usual. Common grades of State and Western property for those who practise the stealing, ofCHATHAM AMT«rrHBATBB.-BaOWTKLA» PlBfOBB- Hour were dull, while fair to good medium and good negroes in the South, and running them intoMr. LAW(Am.) moved the settlement of the strife be- tween the clergy of Albany and Troy, by the selection of a Chaplain for the House. After discussion, the subject was laid on the table, the invitation of the clergy beingBBTAHTW' MIwwnuKJB, Mectutnlea' BaB. *7t Broadway— Boaee, DABCBS. *a—NBW YIAE'S CALL*.spectable people in this community, and in the North generally, engaged in the nefarious busi-were merely to provide for what we actuallyuse, the necessities of a rapidly increasingBIBLCPB BALOOV. Brnadwar -Oao. OWJURTI Knr-population would frequently outstrip existing left at the discretion of the Speaker. Pending the action for the Presidency of the Board. The republican mem- accommodations. On this principle the grading of the House on the question, bers have consented to go for Mr. Van Tine, the Tam- THB MOVBKXOR'S MK«AOB. many Hall candidate, provided he will agree to give themof new streets, the sewerage and lighting of 1 The Governor's annual message was taken up in Com- the choice of the committees. This Mr. Van Tine hasAaosa— lloaa A»D TBI HOVBLSSS. extra grades were firm; Southern flour was In fair re-quest at unchanged prices. Wheat was in good millingPOLTTBCHBIC IBBTTTBTB, Brooklym.—DaATTOiri PAB- demand, with sales of State, red and Milwaukie club at LOB OraavM—teaoa OurtaaA.mittee of the Whole; but without action or debate the thinly inhabited suburbs, and the various committee rose, and the House adjourned.Tke matl Btaamabip Northern Light, Capt TinkJepaogh, of Rio amounted to 26,016 bags, 36,381 mats and 1,326 nigger and rlin him into Canada ; and accord-will leare this port to-day afternoon, at two o'clock. tor AaptBwalLThe aaain tor CaJitornla and other parta of the PacLflo will cloee at one o'clock thto afternoon.The NEWToax WaxaxT HXRALD—California editton—.. contahunc the latest intelligence from all partaofthe world, with a large quantity of local and miscellaneous matter,will bepubuahedatelereno'clockinthemorn-bags Java. The total of all kinds embraced 74,283 packages. Freights were steady, with moderate engage- ments, chiefly to English porta.ingly they have arranged the routes and biding,places of the underground railroad, and strenu-ously assist in running off slave property,merely because the law makes it property. an institution, or will be more disposed to Henry K. Selden also paid tribute to his many virtues.Natl man in ap ton b can little cono me 1 Thebom<bodXUfti'. tngil app m*b ilkei of e Any Heei back read r*i all bad v o uAc 8lrfcun abc or it Indii ing - a tin obui flLAi find told a . - ver)F Ow Lie ! tro witnan the gar dec ni< at1iSa VI- a ed g*lng ABe huWo< OtoDlf to vac drop Buai hah micT de*Om ftct our e&u Bunmu- ms po * hLt fayoi***Sla leum1 Krt > iI14••The Struggle of 1SGO"—The Ala the Republican Camp.InThemeetingwasaUendedbyalltheJudgesof theCourt They care nothing for the negro after they grumble at the price paid for it- As regards and a large number of the bar.Blessageoi*theGovernorof Pennsylvania. HARRJSBCRG,Jan.4,1860.intotoday,theBoard will remain unorganized forano- ther week. But look atthe spoils! What! no organiza- tion.IaTROTEBaVTSEfTBIMATOK'SOmcx—MayorWood,it is understood, contemplates making several important changes in bis office. A portion of the rooms now used by Judge Welch, in the basement, will be set apart for the use of the First Marshal and his assistant A stairway is to be erected running from the Mayor's office to the room used by the M«"**>*1 below; it will be out through the southeast corner, so as not tofltake op any room now used in the office. Other like changes are also contem- plated. The Mayor has also in contemplation an ordinancehave been endeavoring for months past to im- upon the minds of our conservative readers ofshiftless and worthless occupants of the land, dary about both the document and its author. till they are dispossessed, or die of consump- The Tribune is evidently arraid of Wood, for itv e n t i o n .PaovrDBTCB, Jan. 4,1860.A Republican State Convention met in Providence to-day, o nominate candidates for State officers and to elect dele gates to the Chicago Convention. Hon. Thomas Davis was elected President. Seth Padelford,of Providence, was nominated for Governor,- over Thomas G. Turner, the present Governor, and Samuel G. Arnold. Stephen N. Ma- son , of Smithfleld. was nominated for Lieutenant Governoropinion, from the returns of our late Northern elections, that there is a reserved Northern vote, and chiefly in the Central States of this section, ranging from five hundred to seven hundred thousand, which has occupied to- wards the republican party, for the last year or two, the position of armed neutral- ity. This reserved vote is made up chieflytion.To keep up this infamous business all sortsof tricks and humanitarian appeals are resortedto, and as fast as the old fools are disgustedknows how able and efficient a chief magistrate he is, as it admits, and accordingly it fears to give him power.AHCTXXTARRRICA—We saw yesterday al|the office of the Panama Railroad Company [two complete statues, rudely sculp- tured in old red sandstone, from Chiriqul, Central America. One represents a nude male figure, with a projection of a shifttrom the bottom of the feet, two feet long and someBut little of importance was transacted in the sey and Pennsylvania, which, upon this para- with the piping of the Tribune, has never castparty and weakening the bonds of the Union, and that wo relieving the wants of those poor families who apply to kind of corrupt scheme will And favor in that regard the threats or resisting the inauguration of a repub thtm for relief more expeditiously than it /is now done.I .egislature yesterday. In the Senate a petition for mount question of the Union, is prepared to a law to compel citizens to vote was presented. enter the field against the republican party. The Notice was given of a bill to exempt property of antecedents and proclivities of this reserved po- firemen, to the amount of $500, from taxation. In pular balance of power are not with the demo- the House the death of Mr. Shaw, memberovertwohundred thousand votes*"inNewYesterdayweobservedbetweenthreeandTourhundred starving women and children, some of whom presented a heart rending spectacle, waiting patiently for orders for fuel and food to appease the cravings of hunger. Will the Governors see to it that these poor creatures are supplied with as little delay as possible, instead of keep- ing them shivering in the cold for several hours rCorsiTBT REsiDKxcxa.—large investments are being made by gentlemen of this city in land on the banks of the Hudson river,for the erection of country residences. We learn that a piece of twenty eight acres was recently purchased by half a dozen individuals for the sum of seventeen thousand dollars, which is to be divided op into plots for residences, in the centre of which is to be a common park, for the accommodation of those residing in tho vicinity.THB po.vDrriojf OF AFRICA—The American Geographical and Statistical Society, at its monthly meeting this even- ing,in/ClintonHall,willlistentotwointerestingpapers upon Central Africa. One of them will be read by Mr. Oufrom Delaware, w a s announced. Notice w a s given of a number of bills of importance to citizens ofthiscity. Werefertothereportoftheproceed- ings for details. tcratic party, as represented by the Southern fire-eaters; but in default of a new, indepen- dent, practical and promising national party, this balance of power may be secured to the democratic party, with anything in the shapeever there is plunder in view,Tl ?,!T?TyW*'**»-"*nomiBMtodSethPadelford, for Governor; ata^,- M Maaoa for before the meeting of the Republican National The popular sentiment in the North is begin-ing32outof36votes. IntheHouseJohnA.Good- m 6Mexicanwin, of Lowell, was chosen Speaker, receiving 170 votes, ! i L £ J ?against 61 for other parties. The Governor and Legisla- and title from General W infield Scott. "*"«» turethenproceededundermilitaryescorttotheSouthchurch, where the election sermon was preached by Rev.T. Anderson, of Roxbury.:!NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, I860.severalbills,butofwhat nature thebillswereno- bytheSouthernfire-eatersisfoolish,andwillbe thing was said. The number of emigrants arriTed Hiicidal to all concerned if adopted. Squatterhere daring 1869 amounted to 79.3M, or 733 orerthe number landed-in the city during the preceding tervention on the question of slavery in theBTE?W YORK L.BGIgLATl'RK. S e n a t e .sovereignty is a delusion and a snare. Non-in- year. The overdraft against the Commissioners Territories, the enforcement of the constitu-AXJUAT, Jan. 4,1868. In the Senate very Utile business was done, toe sessionA r r e s t o f t h ea l t l n g of Maine.anceofthedutiesofhisoffice aiUnitedStatesasta and clerks of his department. Everything re- Brill form good materials for a national demo-TKHMS.tatk a>«ie.«ce. BWy«n«frynot? *t& fjeatOUruMtftheemdm femtag* tmtmtpe mat reeeiud a* nt>*cripHo» -District Attorney, and makes no change in assist- Buchanan, especially In reference to Mexico,iKSrOlTDESffE. eanta4ni*g imp-rrtanl for forgery in the second degree, having passed i fuortr a/ (A« uorid, v*Mtd, wOt Voo* roaaie* UoaaaaroaeMn ABI three counterfeit $5 bills on the Merchants' Bank ITOSSAI.ALkLBfTEKSAMDPACK4 ofAlbanyonBowerystorekeepers,pleadedguilty^TO NOTICE *ohm.o/ mntmymoma eorrmpomdmta.r#fnfw ffwfMNBW OBXBABB, JaaCotton Btiffer, but prices unchanged. Sales to mf»r><&>*«<to the fourth grade of that offence, and was sent to the State prison for two years.teachings o f Helper ,of Greeley, or the fanatical thieves spurred on by Seward and Wendell Phillips.PnoPOSEnretirement from office by an act which does not of Inspectors and Canvassers of Elections la New York. buoyant at$18 a $18 60. freights of ootioa to Uforpeai,LieutGovernor;Job*B-Bartlett,Cj^taryTf Convention. OurTribunephilosophersthrow ningtoappreciaterightlythisfanaticalwar- conductsit Anondescriptinreligion,inpoli-FIREMFIRSTAvKsrK._Aboutthreeo'clock yesterday morning a fire broke out in the boot and shoe store ofState;SamuelG.Parker,torTreMurV^dTlio- outthefreefarmorhomesteadbillprojectasfareontheconstitutionalrightsofpropertyinthe South, for it strikes at the daily labor oftheNorthernmechanic,manufacturerandla-tics and in manners, and a little bit of an ency- clopedist to boet, he is the most unsuitable personthatcouldbeselectedfof*theconductmas K. King, for Attorney General. A fan s ^ tion to the Chicago Convention was also chosen?n good bait with which to catch this floatingWhen discoveredNorthernvote. Butthe"impendingcrisis" In the Common Pleas (Chambers), before Judge will not admit of any such claptrap for bun-Legislature.Daly, yesterday, application was made in the easeof Soydam, Sage cYCo., for relief under the In- •^ong all conservative men in this approach-editor of the Record, is, on the contrary, a sound Catholic and a man of practical views, andheisnotlikelytofallintothemistakesGovernor's Message will be sent in to-morrow.TheMayoraltyofPittsburg. PrrrsBCRO, Pa , Jan. 4,1860.solventact,thefirmhavingliabilitiestotheamount of nearly $3,000,000. The petition for relief WBB opposed by Messrs. Barrett, Martin,Strong,Sauaeyandseveralothers,toralargenam blecettiUet"i*^ „ faterpreted by Johnber of creditors. The remonstrances were pre tented to the Court and the case adjearned.The steamer Cahawba, from New Orleans and Havans respectirely on the ITth and 30th of De- cember, arriTed at this port lasteTening at seveninfiBaating to the leys*Bus their intention of soUnion landmarks upon which this bid may berenderedeffective. Theprogrammedemanded oftreason,hehasrecommendedtfceftandyio ingsubjectTPBV***1Pf^> w 1 8^BT^HP*SJT *«BE} * W^8JBBBBW8JtBB>wWP S * V »f<*VE?4w^P«B>omas M309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069combe. The one idea, the absorbing questionfrown,J*swordiagsinst alaverjaad the "slave oligar-****orated Intoapractical sys-anypolitical party in theUnitedStates,offers working men, who lose the market for the pro- an additional guarantee that it will be conduct-chy" by Helper end the JU*. Theodore Parker,ed strictly in accordance with the principles that should govern a Catholic journal in thisExchange Bank on a forged check, purporting to on sign ed by Ames A Co, the well known shovel manufacturers No trace of the forgery has yet been discovered.Marine Disaster.. . .The schooner Magnolia, with an assorted cargo, fromTuesday evening, by Captain Cronk, of the barge Lincoln. EBbrta were made to rescue the unfortunate man. but without success. No trace of the body of deceased h a i been discovered up to last evening.©'clock. Thereitnonews of importance,by thisarriTBt At HaTana the holidays were being ob- among all Southern conservativem e n o f a Userred with the usual ceremonies, and bnaiieas was classes and parties, against the republican their original and natural level.consequently at a ttaadBtfll Our corretpondent party.„ NORFOLK, V a , Jan. 4,1800.Boston bound for Richmond, waa cut through by t i e ioo very popular comedian, who has been a long time absentnotions the landing of additional cargoes of Alri-The democracy at Charleston will have theFor these reasons, the men in Congress whohave resisted the election of Sherman as to hear what he Is going to say about the Irre-and sunk in JaincB river yesterday.Norfolk harbor is open, as usual, but no boat is expected from Baltimore or Richmond for several days, in cou sequence of the ice above.1TheNorembegaBank. B.UHOOB,Jan.4,I860It has been ascertained by the receivers, on application to the engravere, that there is no fraudulent over issue or blueof the Norembega Bank. Thecirculation is stoutfrom the metropolis, made his rmtrti a the Bowery -» Tuesday evening, in his original cliv A<-t->\ JULUT Twitcher, la the "GolJen Farmer." U;. -»fi.,.i IU.. verycordialreceptionatthehandsor11x. i-<; playedthecharacterwithalltheli.,o-- ..._:_. which marked its earlier performaor -MOSARTHAU—Madame Lola Miutez will *'v: i -.- clover lecturegreat advantage of the first bid for our North-TheCcfflmaBBOiiertofEmigrationnetTester ernbalanceofpower. ThePresidentinbinSpeaker of theHouse have done good pressibleconflict;butheisnotgoingtosaydayaboutanhoarbeforetheusualtime,without lastannualmessagehaslaiddownthebroad servicetothecountry.HOhassoldhimselfto anythinguntilhegetsintotheSenate,andthention and the laws, and the bold, humane andrepresentatives in Congress should resist his being forced upon them, persistently, consist-Mr. KAB.VIKKB (rep.) presented a petition for a law comBAWOOB, Jan. 4, lSOS. BeaL D. Peek, State Treasurer, waa arrested yesterday upon a civil suit by the receivers, sad lodged in jail oa a charge of conspiracy with the cashierto embessietae fond* of the bank. The amount lakes from the bank waa about Uiirty thousand dollars, on part of which Sao cashier had security on the mill property in Canada. Theamount of the State money Is supposed to bo sixty or seventy thousand dollars.The Steamer J*RicHMOxn,Jan. 4,18ft.progressive foreign policy indicated byMr.'ently and determinedly. If the House cannot In relation to unclaimed dividends in savings tosUtu-reserved Northern force of half a million of men, and more, stands ready to join the demo- cratic party.By Mr. O. AIXBM (Am.)—To extend the time for the con- struction of the Buffalo and Pittsburg Railroad.tiros—The Speakership.There is quite a number of moral and re-Canada.Those engaged in the operation form twoclasses^—the rascals who live by it as a busi- ness, and the fanatics who pay the contribu- tions. Proclaiming the same principle that the French socialist does, when he assert! that whoever holds property is a thief, they insist thateverymanhasthenaturalrighttostealarefused to do, claiming that as the democrats are largely in the majority, he would hare no right to take away from them such position as are by right justly do* them. H e has consented to meet with the Mosart faction, but they will not go into caucus, fearing that, as Mr. Vaa A Tine is largely in the majority, they would have to abide by any action there taken. IThey have, therefore, nearly all kept themselves aloof from the Tammanyites, and seem determined to elect their candidate, Mr. Jones, if possible. Yesterday afternoon the republicans held a caucus, and decided to vote for Mr. Jones, o a condition thattheyshouldhavethechoiceorthecommittees.Three or Mr. Jones'friends are willing to accept the offer, but the remaining two cannot be hauled into the arrange- ments. Mr. Van Tine being the oldest member in the Board, and having received the largest number of votes cast, his friends are decided to stand by him. At pre-appreciate less than we do the necessity of such deceased, were^reported, and Judge Parker and Hon. sent there is very Utile appearance of a choice being made to night, and unless some agreement is enteredhave decoyed hinr%way from his master and hisThere are signs of alarm in the republicancamp. Theyarevisibleineverydirection. Southernhome,andfewofourreadersare cutionoftheworks,wearesurprisedthatsuchSmgl* copies, hi wrappers, ready for mailing, stx cent* The late domineering confidence of the leaders aware of the destitution and misery that an idea should enter the head of any sensible Governor Packer's message refers to the Harper's Fer- Agents will please sand in their orders as early as pos- and organs of that party has suddenly given swarm around the Canada terminus of the man. The objection to it is its utter impracti- ry difficulty, and says that it is gratifying to Pennsylva-aste.'T h eway to doubts and apprehensions of defeatRead the significant leading article which w eunderground line. In order to enlighten theworld on this subject, we detailed a specialcability, for in creations in which the, fancy ofniacs to believe that the citizens of the CommonwealthOur reports of yesterday's proceedings of Con- transfer to this paper from the columns of the correspondent to visit Canada, and his line and rule can only play a secondary part ties were arrested within its jurisdiction they were prompt- ly surrendered. He adds:—"While entertaining no doubtgress are interesting. In the Senate s bill to abo- New York IVt&tme. It tells the republicans, truthful report will be'found in another column- It is to be regretted that Mr. Tiemanns misap- that our republican institutions, which have been carriedlish the franking privilege was introducedand re- point blank, that "we believe they are to be From his discoveries it would seem that prehension of the objects and requirements of forward to their present exalted position in the/yes of for the better protection of strangers from"swindlerswhoferredtotheappropriatecommittee,aswasalsoa bill providing for the improvement of certain har- bors in Michigan. A resolution to print the reportof Majors Mordecai and Delafield, the military com-mission sent to Europe during the Crimean war,was agreed to. A petition respecting the Hon- comprehensive measures to place their viewsourneighborsoftheTribunehaveestablishedthe world, will continue to the latest generations, it hi thepartofwisdom andpatriotismtobewatchfuland vigilant to guard a treasure so priceless. Let moderate counsels prevail. Let a spirit of harmony, good willhavesolongInfestedthecity. Inwhatwayitwillbese- cured it is not as yet known, bat it is bis determination to make this his constant duty, and try, if possible, to pat a stop to such operations.beaten,and,wefear,badlybeaten,inthethisgreatworkshouldhaveledhimtoofferPresidential contest now opening, unless theyan opposition line to the old underground rail-any obstruction to its progress. If his viewssoon organize in their several States, counties road; that when the funds get low a batch of were to prevail, many years would elapse be- and national fraternal sentiment be cultivated amongthe people everywhere, and the disturbing elements and townships, or election districts, and take bogus slaves are picked up in Worth street fore we could realize the full enjoyment of its which temporarily threaten the Union will assuredly paasvotes that will otherwise be cast against them." butions of the fanatics in New York, Albany, "Thousands of votes!" Our republican Troy, Ac; and that when the Simon Pare runa-and other negro resorts in this city and else- where, and are put through the regular opera- tions as fugitives, to stimulate the slack contri-SCENES ABOUT THE OFFICE OFTHE AutaHorsa—The office away. Pennsylvania's central position, with three mil- of the Almshouse, near the corner of Centre and Chambersbody;for,thoughtheremaybeafewrespect- England and the Middle States; yet so able men in it, there is a sufficient majority of adroitly have the leaders managed their corruptionists to carry any nefarious measure. game that first the democratic party was Mayor Wood can do nothing except exercise brought to bid for them, then their his veto power, and that will be of no use embrace killed the old whig organization, whatever, for his vetoes will be outvoted when-licanPresidentasanempty threattosubservothein- teresta or political parties by deterring the people from ex- ercising freely their constitutional rights, and that it ought to be ranked among the basest and most contemptible ser- vices of political profligacy.The delegates elected to the Chicago Convention are James F. Simmons, Benjamin T. i^mes, Henry Staples Benedict Tapham, Rowland R. Hazard, Jr., Simon Henry Green, Nathaniel B. Durfee and Rowland G. HazardThe Illinois Democratic State Conven- tion.The spoils are the great motive power of action in the Corpo- Wm. H.Seward switched the party off its track ration: neither party influence nor any otherand now they have got possession of the black republicans, body and soul, file and leaders.The annual report of the Inspectors of Stateprisons, shows that the number of convicts in of a practical Union ticket and platform from and on to that leading to abolition, with his consideration will be allowed to stand in the Hon. John Moore was the chairman.the several prisons at the close of the year 1859 has the Charleston Convention. With the solidincreased 360 over the same period of 1858, vote of the South already secured, the effortsexclusive of the convicts in the Auburn Asylum. of the democratic leaders should b e addressedTheexpenseoftheprisonsfortheyearhasbeen especiallytothisNorthernbalanceofpower. wasgoodandtrue.JohnBrownpractisedjorityfoundtovotedowntheMayorsveto.Resolutions were adopted reaffirming the Cincinnati platform in the word and spirit in which it was adoptedborer. The vigilance committees which the of a religious newspaper. Mr. Mullaly, theThe Maryland Legislature met to day, but adjourned mated at about $4,000, insured for Su.OOO in the Peter Without organizing. A caucus will be held to night. The Cooper Insurance Company. The fire alao extended intoraids of Northern fanaticshavecalledinto beingin the South will, ere long, produce similardemonstrations on the part of the conservativeOn the other hand, Mr. Seward's "irrepressi- eeling of the North. It will notpermit a set of committed by his flighty cotemporary. The ruthless fanatics and rascals to make the world i condition imposed upon him b y the Arch-the first floor, occupied by Mr. Tieraay as a dwelling; h a furniture is damaged to the extent of about $300, no ta- f-0^^®'JPt bui*din«»ownedbyThomasRuthtord;it hidamaged about $600, and is insured. The stock of drying Presidential straggle, will be the Union.believe that the entire North is with them. If bishop, that he shall not identify his paper withducts of their industry, and the conservative ern*j^ungof *una •* «*TM* men, who love the constitution, the Union, andover Mr. Mcllvaine, democrat.Heavy Forgery in Boston.4 Mtem of insurrection, rerolntion and fire and this agitation is continued much longer, thethelawsof thecountry, will risetoputdown country.THE PUBLIC Era ON SENATOR SEWARD.—The public eye is anxiously fixed on Senator Seward, and the public ear attentively waitingthese agitators athome, and restore thingstoBOWRRT THKATRB—Mr. John Sefton, a very good andthe abolitionists, he has endorsed the counselswe may expect a long treatise on that interest-Untitled Documentthe underground railroadTHBreflectmuchcreditonhisjudgmentAnimated,no doubt, by the best intentions, he has vetoedthe resolutions of the Common Council sanc-tioning an application on the part of the Cen-$6&0perhead.Swinewereingoodrequest,at dent Andsowethinkitveryprobablethatthethenotationsgiveninourdetailed report. There republicanpartyin1860will share thefateof reasons assigned byhim havebutlittleforce By Mr.CALLIOOTT (dem.)—To prevent thefraudulent Corn dnFand tending d ^ ^ ^ y l TM ^ AMUtiveofdisunion,whichwill otherwise bepre- at unchanged rates. Veal calves were active, at sented to the South in a palpable shape with3Jc. a 7c, according to quality. Sheep and lambswere active, and slightly higher, st $2 50 a $6 a the election of a republican anti-slavery Presi-TorepealtheBrooklynCityCourtactsales of the last three days 9,000 bales; receipts « samswere on sale 3,382 cattle, 92 milch cows, 326 veals the oldSewardized whig party of 1852. Seward,transfer of property, and* to amend the New Yorkas applied to a work of this character. H e Wharves and Slips laws.By Mr. FLAGLBB—Of a Pro Rata Freight bill.thinks that future generations ought not to be By Mr. BCRNB (dem.)—To repeal the New York Stagecalled upon to pay for a park the creation of Company act ByMr.POWBXL(rep.)—APersonalLibertyblD.mess pork $16 60; beoon, t M - ^ S Z L n T * " 28c. Sight exchange on New York unchanged.PHTI.A, P*LPHLA , J aV&. 4 } 1&60. Ftour ouiet aad superfine scarce aad wanted at 86 60. Wh«SV5« ialea 4 000 buahela at 81 46 a $1 60 for whiLtSad.ft?.& »ft*r^. Oor.*miule.»000bushe'la yeUow new at T8c.,aad oM at 8 * . Oats. 43c a 4&T Whiskey steady at 26Xc a 27 Xc.46c. wtuawyaw—7 OawaBBan, Jan. 4,1808.Flour steady at $6 30 a $6 40. Whiskey 2lc. Stage ttncnanKea^iles l ,900 at $6 20 s $6 60. Receipts of the whole season 404,000. Receipts ahead of last year tf.OOt. MeBipork»l«60a$l«eaX-City Intelligence.Tax LOCK OC THE BOARD OF COCNCILMCT—Since the ad-journment of the above Board on Monday t the members of the Council and their friends have been doing all they could to secure the election of their respective candidatesand 8,508 iheep and lambs.the sales of cotton yesterday embraced about 700 a 800Brown, Helper, Cheever, Beecher and Theo-dore Parker have hurried up the main question bales,closingonthebasisofaboutlie.aHO.,formid- ofUnionordisunion,andtosavetheUnionatheb.LOAN F O BT H ECENTRALtral Park Commissioners for permission toBy Mr. JAQI-XS (rep.)—To facilitate the collection of time 18.260 baleswages. Sterling exchange 7 per cent premlnna.Also to amend the Religious Societies Incorporation act. BALTUSOBB, Jan. 4,1888.AlargelyattendedmeetingofthebaroftheStatewas and that, therefore, it is but fair that it should held this afternoon in the Court of Appeals room. On motion of Mr. John K Porter, Judge Paige was called to bear its share of the cost. It is not to be appre- the chair, and addressed the meeting in an eloquent tri- hended that our children and grandchildren will bute to the deceased Judge Peekham. A series of reso- luUons, warmly eulogizing the life and character of theoutoftheParkthanwillthepresentgenerationthe adoption of the contract system in the exe-advantages. Fortunately a new regime affords lions of freemen, enables her to say with emphasis to thestreets, was perfectly besieged yesterday by poor pee" pie—or at least by people who represented themselves to be poor—of every age, sex and color, applying for help. At times there were as many as two hundred frtfi-^iag toways get to Canada, certain philanthropic land TME NEWSPAPERS AND THE MAYOR'S MES- these States be united forever. 'The Governor congratulates the Legislature that thewere admitted in companies of about one hundred aad fifty at a time, and distributed about at the different desks of the officers, where they were expeditiously examined and their names and addresses taken They are called upon by the visiters, who ascertain and supply their ne- cessities. The principal part of them were to receive < oaJ. When one room full had been examined they were hurried out aad others admitted. On Tuesday the names ana addresses of about 3,600 persons were taken down, and yesterday the number exceeded thatprophets, then. are really beginning to discovertheir danger. "Thousands of votes!" W e speculators in Detroit and across the line rope SAGE.—The newspapers seem to be ail in a sad State debt Is decreasing at the rate of a million yearly, re-them in to buy eligible lots and farms in the way about Mayor Wood's message; they abuse sulting mainly from the sale of the canals.press the balance of power thus suggested Canadian negrodom. There they soon become it right and left, but still seem to be in a quan- The Rhode Island Republican State Con-Mayor Wood is now fairly in office, and the condition of affairs proves that the courseBartlett was renominated for Secretary of State, and to secure the figure above it in an upright position by in- call upon our benevolent citizens with stories v^as right We then advised the Fifth avenue Samuel G. Parker for General Treasurer. Thomas K. serting it like a post in the ground. The figure itself is King was nominated for Attorney General in place of Je- about two or two and a half feet in height, with an ill- of having mothers, wives and children held in democrats to let Wood be elected, and turn rome B. Kimball, who declined a renomination. formed face, while other parts of the body are very rude- Senator Douglas is again reported sick, and it is of commercial men, manufacturers, and men slavery, whose freedom they wish to purchase, their attention to securing a good and honest The Convention was large, every town being repre- ly executed. The other is represented in the squatting and for this purpose ten, twenty and sometimes Corporation. They would not take our advice, sented. The more radical portion of the republicans had position,and is about two feet high and very ruaely cutprobable he will yet proceed to Florida for relief. of other business pursuits, whose interests are The .session of the House of Representatives was so closely interwoven with the industrial andthe ruling of the Convention.a hundred dollars only are required to com- but gave all their money and influence to Tam- The resolutions affirm in the strongest manner the op-in stone. Both figures present a rude and extremelv un couth appearance. They are supposed to have been the idols of an ancient and extinct race, who inhabited the country long anterior to the Indians, whom the Spaniards found in the country. We learn that they have been sent on by Lieut. Col. Totun,the resident engin.-er of the Panamaagain occupied by unprofitable squabbles between the political factions. Another ballot—thw twenty- fourth—was had for Speaker, without effecting a choice. The democrats appear now to be more ad- vene to the adoption of the plurality rule than ever, and there is some reason for the belief that the House may not be organizedtill after the meet- ing of the Charleston Convention.commercial exchanges of the South that they look upon the Union, and the peace and har- mony of the Union, as superior to all other questions.In other words, there is a reserved Northern popularvote, exceeding half amillion, and hold- ing the balance of power in New York, New Jer-plete the purchase money. In nine cases out often these npgroes are merely the ticket agentsmany Hall, and supported one of the first anti- slavery agitators in the democratic party; but they could not elect him, and the result is thatposition of the Convention to the extension of slavery over our Territories, charge the existing excitement upon the democratic party; declare that we look only to legal and constitutional remedies lor politicil evils; that we condemn all measures of violence, whether for the estab-of the trunk line of the underground railroad.The abolition party pure and simple, found- we have now the worst and most inefficient lishment of slavery in Kansas or for its abolition in Railroad, as a present to the New York Ethnological So-Common Council ever elected in this city, someVirginia; that we entertain towards all the members of this great confederacy no feelings but those oi kindness and good will; that we look with indignation upon the persistent misrepresentations of public opinion in the South;ciety. They will prove interesting and valuable acquisi- tions to its collections.ed by Arthur Tappan and a few others toassist, with the Journal of Commerce as an or-gan, and now kept up by Wendell Phillips under indictment for grave offences. Every of increasing the sectional character of the democratic the Governors of the Almshouse to the importance ofof whose members are actually at this momentTHB POOR W THE PARK —We would call the attention orbloody and brutal speech at Rochester, and way of that. There are three parties in theSherman, and his sixty-seven co-endorsers of Common Council, it is true; but where anythe Helper abolitionism, swore that the deed plunder can be had the%e will be always a ma- utterly repudiatipg such new tests as the revival ofwhat Seward preached and Sherman endorsed,$279,333 68, earnings, If190,911 52. Excess of ex-pense, $8342 16. The; Inspectors believe that thegreatest defect in our prison system is the want of their party ; but with this Northern reserved fanatical abolitionists here at the North have ARCHBISHOP HIGHES.—In another eolumn will the republicans give to the Dred scott decision Africa. The other is a letter from the celebrated Dra more direct personal accountability and indi- vidual responsibility in the principal officers. They consider that the agents of the prisons do not re-ceive a sufficient compensation for their difficult and embarrassing services.made the whole country believe that they re- present the* entire Nerthern sentiment. A s a natural consequence the South is in arms, vigi- lance committees take every man that comesthatjt denies the right or the people to regulate the Blavery question to suit themselves; deprecating the foray of John Brown into Virginia, and attributing such inva- sions to the teachings of the republican party, instruct lng the delegates to vote for the readoption of the Cinoiu nati platform, and declaring their determination to abideLivingstone, now engaged in exploring the Zamberi river in South Africa *Scxrrr LIFE GTARD—Tho annual election of the Scott Life Guard took place on ^Tuesday evening last, at their headquarters, 481 Rroadway, with the following re- sult:—J. H. Hobart Ward,Captain (Ye elected); J. D. Mc-And we say that in view of the shilly- The Illinois Democratic State Convention met at shally movements of "old line whig" poli-from north of Mason and Dixon's line for an proceeding on the part of an ecclesiastic of the The Convention also instructs the delegates to use all Gregor, Senior First Lioutanant (promoted); WilliamBevfcagneld yesterday, and selected delegates to the ^•rteeiaii Convention. The delegates were in- "*rac**4 w nrocore., if possible, the nomination ofabolitionist; Northern manufactures are ab- Archbishop's rank is rather an unusual one, ticians and old line Know Nothing jured; Northern merchants and their agents Jbut it has been necessitated by circumstances.honorable means to secure the nomination of Stephen A. Douglas for the Presidency.The Convention then adjourned.Jamieson, Junior First lieutenant (promoted)- William Peel, Second Lieutenant (promoted); Sergeants W B Parisen, J. H. Camp, Peter McDermott, j . H 'alaane-Without it they are defeated; and their defeat in November next will be the final overthrow ofdeclaring Uie position of the democracy of Illinoiivote, they may repeat their triumph of 1852, in the utter prostration and dissolution of the republican party.be found a circular from Archbishop Hughes,recognizing the Metropolitan Record as the offl-cial medium of communication between himand the clergy and laity of his diocess. This by the decision of the Charleston Convention.hucksters, and other old fogies, in be- half of a new national party, that this Northern reserved vote is within the reach ofare rejected, and the worst financial crisis that Hitherto it has been erroneously supposed thatM e e t i n g o f t h e M a s s a c h u s e t t s L e g i s l a t u r e . Corporals—Downes, Smith, Tylee and Robinson Secre- "" Bosrox, Jan. 4,18rtO. tary— James M. Bay lee; Treasurer—H. Dardonville Ser-The State Legislature convened at noon to-day. In the geant at Arms—John Braham. Tow corps is comnoead Senate CUas: A . Phelps was re elected President, receiv- exclusively oi officers and soldiers w h o served with o a r•^ ^ t V ^ ^ ^ t o a M i c a n State Convention the democracy. They may secure it if they will,ever swept over any country broods over the industry of the Northern States.the Freeman^ Journal was the organ of His Grace. The truth is that it is merely the per- sonalorganoftheeccentricindividualwhoand the result is that two hundred thousandto be that of Mr. Buchanan in his letterpeliing citizens to vote. BILLSaunuBV.MOnCBS Of SOU. Notices of the following bills were given:-.Nrw OVULARS, Jan. 4,1880. Cotton firm: sake to-day 1,000 bale*, at lOgo. » \fX* PARK.—Ex-Mayor Tiemann has signalized his By Mr. COOPBB (rep.)—TO provide for the appointment for middling. Sugar firm at 7Kc. a T^c. For* QhasdBy Mr. Bcsa (rep.)—To amend the General Railroad Flour firm; tales 8,000JjWa. OBy MSB aad Howard raise(ifrequired)aloanof$2,500,000.The act. Streetsuperfineat$626. Wheatdull ^J^of.ftoJ*-which they did not authorize, and he is of opin-ion that if the contract system were adopted, alarge proportion of the present cost of theworks might be saved. It is plain that if the of State Prisons were presented.THB CHAPLAniCT OP THB HOC8E.A long debate ensued upon the question of inviting clergymen to open the proceedings of the House withKIP08TO Or DXPARTKlCrrS,The reports of the Bank Superintendent and Inspector''The Late Judge Peekham.f ALBAST, Jan. 4,1860.SPKixonxLD, HI., Jan. 4,1860. The Democratic State Convention met at noon todayDelegates to the Charleston Convention were elected.the slave trade or a Congressional stave codefor erritorie8 „J?°J;denyingthatslaveryderivesits validity fronynhe constitution of the United StatesChalllu, tiie well known naturalist, who has just returned THE NEW CATHOLIC ORGAN—CIRCULAR OF of acceptance; denying the Interpretation which from an extended tour in the equatorial regions of WesternMeeting:OftheMarylandBALTIMORE, Jan. 4, I860.Mr. George Wilson, the republican candidate for Mayor, goods owned by M. Cteary, in No. 261, was damaged b y was yesterday elected b y a majority of from 600 to 700water to the extent of $226; insured for $600 m UtoFtehef tosurance Company. The origin of the Ore « ujttoowoatDBOWTOQ CASCAITT.-A drunken man was observed A rew days since a young man obtained $6,000 at the walking off the pier at the foot of Eighteenth street on. , .Bosrox, J*n. 4, I860.t»MEf*. 11,600 bales; aalea of die last three days 81,000 haleajre-ceipta of same time 88,600, agatoet 88,000 in oarramptm^SCTLPTTRBWORKFROSC H u u Q n ,CEVTRAL, J ^ T " ^ . »nd derive their nameThomas Tiernay, No. 249 First avenue.the whole store was In a blaze, and before the fire waa extinguishedtheentire stock wasdeatroyed. Lossesti- Th.Twww.fultonhistory.comryniski•erotj-ave thousand dollars.,DOttl 