 THE CONTEST OF 1860.•*•*,rscr.otv.rantarilyobeyit,andwhoalreadytostiti'or an 1 u> i!ie a? a martyr to ms opinion in the face of tha*. *w I can appreciate the sentiment of one who thus re-theseUnitedStates Waiitsoindeed? ficntlem^n 1 aretogetontotheSouthernStateswithnobodytoroto; Tat*ConfllctBetweenLaborand Capital. Thscssattoaaderewweresaved Tbevesselandoarer)arefaflirm as a htotortcal fact, that the noeloratton of Inde cotton to tall or earn to eat. That to a minor.matter. [From the Evening Past, March 8 ]Hi WHWmGrand Bally of the Democracyin New Haven.abundant proof.pendence all the eokmtoa held slaves, and they did notimagine that that Instrument was to change the personalor pohttoal relations oi these slaves. It » tru< us who happen to awn ships need naj complain. Well, that In the interval betwten the*Dectoration o* that would depend apon whether there were any means Independence sad the adoption of the fcderel crmsUtu of getting freight. (laughter.) It may be a questionew ,„«««»»<:«et Caleb Otablag wouldliMro a* *»»«<r*,s of New Haven drew a l*nfe oadtonoe onwoo stop rjevoeobire (arrived at una port trass Louden . septate aad crew, fite all, wore saved wtth BioYng but,w -« The fottowng ••*«.'..It — t<tCi n - wereeppomted omoanof thetog race to Ms discretion accorded to them, what volume* of calumny and vituperation were heaped upon hto bead' Wss It not so* IHd not all but one of the States then hold Slavear Now, how was it in that State* Wears not left to doubt upon that subject: for in that State at that very tfme there wss legislation which proves conclusively that, afterall,such was the preciseestimation inwhich the black people were held, even to the Stale of Massa chntetts in the nrct place, the question of emancipation in th- discussion that then took place—and thto will illus trote, in a curious point of view, thto whole question— involved the question of poupertom. Was thto or thai colored man a pauper to thto or that place- That is. did he possess a settlement m h a own right, or in right oi hto mastery They were not discussing trans cendcntal questions in those days. Men did not run then into transcendental crotchets and quidtttos They wer fighting a great battle wtth a new enemy, and a greater battle with the power of nature, which it was their des tiny to conquer on thto continent They were too eornesiwhat they atood In, aad arrived here la the Drvoaabo- Myrtle was I years eld, owned by!jTWUi * - . ^ , t sSbaniel Booth. Andrew L. Kid*.token as more yearn aad more millions of dollars than itis grateful to remember to expel, by force, Billy Bowlegs.and a few hand red Seminoma and muletioes from Florida.(laughter) Now, just take the rule of three, aad seedefenders of liberty, instead of listening to the tempter. banged hto emtaaartos oad in a few days returned to duty under the orders of their beloved WashingtonSo it will be, we believe, with the strikers at Lynn,^•.^TfcEr.ftAwT Babcoch Tt** lawton, Tan.utou' EIL tu-vi Manor, It**. H- Bond, Banj. Jr "Frederick irnsweU, c W Peterson. Bernard I. kaguah, U M. Welch. Aipheu* T. Mausoa,prttext for this pretended necessity for discord and dis- union . and that is another thought from the same quarter. It is the so called tlave power. We bate depicted to OPhow much time aad money tt would cost to expel tiremillions. (Greet laughter aad applause.; But to be Natick and other places to the Eastern States Servilemore serious upon the subject: I any no example exists in presses ead SOTvile orators may aid a senile administra- history of the deportation of each great masses of men tion to trying to seduce these republican cohorts fron}r u m nWNS'A*"»*BV W B B B****-n- .itf Puuierford, Bar in terms of prejudice and reproach the tact that in the HO Me.*>ry t.eorg Hoadi-y. Lev A. Benjamin, Sam l fifteen Southern States only sotne half a mttrlon persons own stoves, and that, therefore, they are an oligarchy. an a r T DaiMl J. P«cA aristocracy . aa compared wtth the rest of the population Mr. iwaMou . on taking the Chair, spoke «• follows — of the Southern States and of the United States. This suggestion, to the fti u place, to a more fallacy of tact—onfrom any country. Two cases occur to me which present their alleajonce to the great cause under whose banners Bote N BTOWBSS, Rice, from Penaambueo for ansaaa, put a real parallelism. One was the effort of the Spanish gov they bore enltoted • but the effort to destined to the some Into Norfolx 8th tost for a harbor, having experienced heatv ernment, to the reigns of Philip III. aad IV , to clear signal defeat as that of the British commander, Clinton weather on to. coatabout 26,000 Moors out of Spain. It cost Philip Hi a How Bhoukt itbe otherwise? Thto strike te only a terr. Bens SotoaoK Asraorawa, bound from Onou to CoarteMi FKJ»« CrrzEis—N,> word* of mm* are necessaryIt a»tre«iae# to you the obtect of tale meeting, atill l e n t o aider that the master of the family, to whose name the Man-ess open yon the importance of the congest of property stands, repr* • .eats at toast five times the aurnthree years' war aad two whole armies to hunt up thathandful of men, aad export them even to the neighboringcoast—which they could almost touoh with their they do not receive an adequate compensation for their Ship Pam Flush, at Philadelphia Tth tato from Uvetpoa. ria hands—of Northern Afrtos, Another example oc- labor, and the latter assert that they give as much as the Queerjatown, reports, lal 41 40. ton 52, strwsk ea a 111est withnested in the spot it was done, it is moat fitting that ho the world to which wealth to more aneqnauy distributedMassachusetts, or March W, 1788, fe as follows —werepossible,whatarewetosoyofMshumanity"What is the humanity of setting whole armies to hunt upfive millions of colored laborere in the South, and at the tal expended in the direct purchase of labor,vember (Apptonse.) Aa then, on the morning ween the Ninth regiment of New, England, ofinr aavng oonqoered the fortreaa of Chapultepec, came down and aaet the enemy on the plain, so tot us. forming •to one clo* column with our brethren of the Palmetto regiment, with tbe riflemen of Iftssi»&ippi. Kentucky aa.: fonneseee.and the gallant so;lien of the Northwest, aeep-•g step to the glorious muaic of the Union, drive the enemy from the places they have abused. (Load an- staaae ) Boa, my fellow auaaas, 1 rose not to malt any remarks, bat to introduce to you one of New England's datingunhed statesmen, and yet what need have 1to make an mtrouuetioc of Caleb Cashing" < Applause . Toi all know him Whether in cabinet or council, at home or abroad, in peace or ht war, the name of Caleb Cashing ttenus foremost ui the ranks of our living statesmen < Apptaaee ) We ''•member with pride and grati- tude how often he has battled for oar cense in the oauncito of Massachusetts against the intolerance of overwhelming opposition. We are mindful how he recaaCy stood with i verett anil Lncom .a the Cradle of Liberty, and with an eloquence that renuius '*e of James Ota, defendei the righu 04 oar whole country, and poared oat hie denanoia- no!> apcu thosr inaaoe men woo would alienate one aoc- tion »f the oenwtry from the other (Applause > I cheer- fuDy give way to Mr LOshing.l)*ni> J. PKCK here rilled upon the meeting to give three cheers tor New England's statesman and New Ecg- laad nst,,Her Three hearty cheers were given in reSPEECH OP MX. CVSniXtt.Mr CHaianas—Yoc overwhelm me with the kindneasheart Associated with that assumption is another aaser- Ucn that the Southern States exert an undue influence in the nation. That I deny. I any the people of the North- ern States have at all times had their doe share of power in the government. They have had it both as personasaid person to depart out of this (V inmonwealth and in ea» teat the tato African or negro asoll not depart as aforeasM any justice of the peace within the Commonwealth, upon com ptotnt and proof matte that such person baa continued wttniii tats Commonwealth lea days after notice given him or her to depart aa aforesaid, aha 1 countit the said person to any house oi' -correctti -n within the county, there to be kept at hard labor agreeably to toe rules and orders of the said house, until the Sessions ot the Peace neit to be hoiden, within and for the said county; and toe master of the sold bouse of correction ia here by >»juired and directed too anamii an attested copy of theemployer, the only result would be that fewer laborers would be employed.sage u which be alludes Is toe oration. Cape Race should act be confonnded with Cape Sable, tbe aoaae of foe wreak of the fti fated H-tturariaa. The taruter u the BE exteemay of New toundtond, toe latter the a* aauanlt 1 of Nore Beoua-toe on lance between the two betas: sense sou miles.l-Arsrirap-AtBalttaaoreskhtoat, trees the yard of Mr J H Rutter a weamiajt for 1-oooard J Baadel k Bra. The follow1 a1i ,m ljm mi,m5" TMJ^.??f * 5: & * towasah ef beam 13feet, and hold 6 feel« inehea fa« engta* te ef so horae power. In addition to other improveaaenia on the vessel, there will he o steam pump tor wreckmjt purposes.A letter from Cap- Vincent, of abtp Oneida NBoff Howe 1 Island Nc- 17, with 13ati bbto ao oil. all toht Alas report* ship James Arnold, Bulbvan, MB, 1400 ap, Bea GuiL Ntehola do 000 ap.ftpoteen, die.Bhtp Leueotbev Ctoueeeu, fraea Uverpool for NOrteans.v lib lota of jibboom aad fore topsaltenrntst Feb 1. tot te n km 10 15.Ship Bamberg Ward, from Havre for HOrtiaao, Feb 24, lat 24 30, Ion 61 40.An Am ship tound S, ahowmj- whtte atonal with *-'ack hone rn the centre, waa passed Feb 20 tot 32 U N . ten # HAn Am clipper ship aieering NW waa *<r»a*>*»* >©b 14, iat tonel4a.>are so distracted by our own rivalries, there to in ourNorthern society such universal competition, everybodyis so free to do everything, and every man so aspires todo all thing*, that as a natural consequence we are weakpolitically when we otherwise might be omnipotent. Ourweakness to caused by the rivalries and jealousies of coinpeuc„ statesmen, and therefore the unity of the South isonly apparent. Indeed, have we not seen In the recentelection of Speaker how little there wss of concert ofaction amor--' Southern mem b e n ? Whatever there is of every ten days aa often os he returned That to the force concert of aiuon to because they are smaller innnrnber,w your reception 1 felt that K was somewhat a rash actou may part, at a d a y s notice, to appear here tit'sevening' 1 fee', a slul more in looking around upon Una free labor States and stove labor States. We were not expectant audience. In the few brief hours of thisrcernoig hut little ume has be*- atl'orded me either conmet between them. Let u- ponder a moment and sea to meditate or arte what shall be said; ai.d, whether it be £o I ask every man to reflect carefully, intifj. in reikctuig oion this subject, at thiswas no other possible solution of hie act You hove got to impute to him insincerity and cowardice, unless you suppose tha: he thus reasoned and thus concluded. And if he did com* to a wtoe conclusion. If, gentlemen, weslaves combine against their owners and demand auperior anPortiaad.(Apriat;*" ^.•.'•h Is cur country. Sorh. I say. between diiierencea ol labor un. es that there would boHavana.m our roontry—not Maesachoaetts, not New \ o r k . *•' : X'irgiaia. not South Caro.^ta. but thee-- i L,U*d States. > canvass ah.tenb ever> set but above it Thai ta the ban- ner taat noaL* to the breen; ui every chnie • That bannerut conU.c*. if there were identity o; labor Then let usse- 1 would like to know whether It would do any goodto tUe c.:> cf Lowell if every mac in Alabama shouldH'4 P M. Milt FOB OasxT BRITAIN V U POBTI-AJID.—The Poetrutster, Appia.ise ^ Bet *ha'l we eontiaae h> uave a coontry'r MI*., th.s consi.t u c , sha.. th--. Lniou sta^i .• lu.a. gea i:<"men, w m.- que>>.,.r» of ihs* day Shiil we continue ton.f, «• a oimmoii cuustrv or is it—f"i- each suands iloat in the air about rue~i» it that this mechanisaa of govern- ment c< LI-MS nl such I'.eflcteot materials that, though a? pmienuy *J i.auti.i u± its orgatuaiu, i'. is ao c. .msily conp<u:c#.1 aigntner that it is aoou' t) fa!l into cust by iti owe weurhi We boast in the language of a great !:.:n.-at:,." ',- (cet, thatTte nauona ba>e faU*n, but we stf.1 are young- Our sua m !>ut rlneii, wbite others are set.tage in U." cdy of l.ynn if ever., man to -ouih Carolint. th" forteccB, tne tower, the 1-gislition of the Stat" if Vir- should tei.ve'off cultivating rice and betika himself to gin**—if it was not. as it were, in the piUn of their hands 1the luionw il.oui applause) 1 would that, as Welling BOUBAT The (.n-erland avail 10 Rom bay clones in ijocdon (le Kelse> Biootair.cn, (t Sid atui Kmpreaa of tl" Sea. Wi,Bat \ tunc as » e are. are we even now decrepitwe been bo-n. as it were, wrlth some congenita! defect that predooms us to prematuret^ducit)• •' lathe fruit U- oe rotten er>- It be ripe' Oar tun Is but risen, is it forenever to culminate up into the meridian sky * Isit preordained never to have a splendid decline or nu*.irity uito the western «kyv fc it predestined, msteti ofthat to six k mto the bortson of the eastern sky—into th-night of cnao6 L- that to be the fate of oar coaniry i* the latest new invention. (Laughter) The nomencla-And yet that, gentlemen. I begin to s^e is the question to he dnKTmnl. that is the question that is before as—tne true question—the only question of the day. is it not * I• altered learned disq iisittoos apon sundry recondiVi ; of public law. Men debate this and that nicety of ccnstr.utiona: conttrucUon. Th;y woall advise mo open the queatHKi whether the federal govcrnmant haa orhas not this or that 'urtsdiction m the Territories. And s. we go on, dty after day, dincusBrng these mere tneidentxl,ture to foolish, irrational and destitute of any fobndauonin fact. It is a mere tinkling jingle of names. The capi-tal States ot the Sou:h and the iaoor States of the North.Is tbtr» no oapttaLat the North, and is there no labor atthe Sooth" The nomenclature assumes that, and behindit is another idea—that the colored laborers at the South side, but really to view that last great po- are the property of certain capitalists there. Snpooeeseverance and overthrow of these United States. and prolonged applause.)(Loudwheel of fate The question, 1 repeat, is, whether this Union shall stand, not how, with what modni cation, under what ccastractions ot law or of constMutioi: but shall tt stand' la not that the question that preoc- capies every nnod* Is not the question ot questions at every man s heart, whether the people of the Northern States shall persevere veax after year in angry, vkaoni, nuschievous. 0) directed. UI tempered, intermeddling with she avual taaknittuns of the tioathern state* (Applause ) That and tuat a k r ^ is the true question Shall it CJU wane' Gentiasaer. -everend ministers exhort us to do so,tion that be could at any period of time have entertained opinions compatible with a conflict between the Northern and Southern States, profanes the name of that man andPithop was called out, and made a few remarks. Hon. Thcmaa E. Bond was also called for, but declined to speak at present, promising to do so at some future time. Thereupon the meeting adjourned,CLEARED.Bteontebip Edinbnrg (Br\ Kennedy, Uverpool via Queene-there to In these I mted States that irrepressible cmfl.ct between the Northern end Sorthert .-Hakes that musthnrrv as on in civil discord and public djsordnr to crrH war and It- the dissoiatiic of our governosent. That allegedtoDdmm, poorly varnished over by thin Dressnos of an States. But, what think you to its practical conclusion oil tha corner of Broadway and Lydias street. In the po Chip Blga tof MarWehead) Freeto. R « i ; * r t * ^ ' ^ J f ^ l r J PkOVinENCK, March 8 - Arr ateonar Petfwto. Wtijama, irrepressible conriiot between the North and the Booth and thought r In other words, what to tts eolation ot the lice court be proved to be very drunk, and looked as If mdae tofeoyd k Btoesen ^t^neoeed a o m e ^ v ^ r e ^ r NYork 61- tteamtr B a aaaoJdteg. Hwwaa, Marfotk aad Ba.- ,'Apptousa ) But vet these Ideas, and the abolition eie abolition question * It is written to promote obodtion— be bod hod a aiege of tt He was committed to jail, 8chr Nonpareil (Ur of Dtgby• W ..Hall, Oornaalna. *» 1. Uo>ort tebra aarr H%wea Caaae. Betwh. Gvaad Tors, meatofthem.whtohtothair only vigorous one, have a that, and nothing else It will have abolition, either by though he protested against such treatment, especially as da<a wkh potatoes1 to Hyde A Duryee m ^ Markweather, ravaaoab ria Bterk: Bareh Jan, Dieaeni,H t retry, rven though it he at the la miL%* haxard of civil warour fothen Intended to retain the African and the India in subjection to the white ram of these colonies there M° 5 ! ! j ! £ ***** U Maesstrhnaatto, by judicial Uec^iotiabebshed negro tervitade, and that was on act of the thenhead ot my blood sad name, Chief Justice William Cash pic scheme, such great end wise man ore to reflect upon. cf democracy, " hew well they are provided tor, withouttog. It does not beoome me, ir any disposition existed in But there are two questions which, to such a scheme, I occaaiocfc for revolts or atrtkes !"my rrrtod, to doubt whether that was well and wtoely done should have supposed the proposer would hove,reflectedIt was so decided. But woe it decided that those einan upon The remedy, recollect, te to export them oil to This ludicrous attempt recalls one of a similar characterclpated Africans were the equal of the men of the European Africa. The first quest on that ought to have suggested which occurred durtog the progress of our rtevorctionary Ba Boas Mrnrus (of MoatreoL, Qapt Vksaaan, Wdare from race hi Majsochusett*" Gentlemen, when the present venc ttaeWtohimisgrJoa'tyouwishyoucoulddoit: (Laughter.) war. It to well known that Mm troops aa the patriotictab • Chief Justieo of the Supreme Court of the United And the next qaestton to, Bow are yon going aide were often wretchedly fed, clothed aad quartered,9Utes ventured to refer to the universally known histon to do ttv (Renewed laughter.) How will you get and that at one time, to the Jerseys, after repealed appli-raltiuth, that at that period these persona were not h< Id in five millions of people to go" You cannot do it cations for relief, which did not come, they even rase tolaw to be cuUttod » any righto except such as the govern without great armies Therefore get up your open mutiny aad set out to march towards Philadelphia,M CONNECTICUT,ted the destruction of the liberties of hto countrycannet appreciate tan motives ot that man who afnras that his own interior thooght Is to he the exposition oithe tow, above the tow, and who dtoregarda that tow bena- voluntarily token an oath to obey that tow. (loud apoto ise.) No, he who doss that adds to the folly of ilto- g:cai, irrational reasoning. deliberate perjury. (Applause, j 1 say that 1 cannot snpr setose that connciennaos rule of acUon. I understand the motives and conduct of theaf THE Ml* CALB CrfHM, Quaker, who, In his reprobauou of war, steadily refuses to bear arms, and who to ready to sorter any wrong ratber than do violence to hto conscience. But If a man volotoiu-ih, enlists for the war for any purpose of gam, or ambition, and afterwards rofwKS to obey apon the ground of a higher law, he deserves, not to be drummed out of the camp, bi t to be shot as a traitor, fjopntonss.) And just so with a man who has taken an oath of obedience evecjog r»»o Ball w u pecked and jammed upon his coBfletocce, and then sets rip conscience a* a reason to excuse that voluntary perjury. (Apptaupe,) ilentlemen, 1 state this point in its naked deformity—a de- formity so patent thit thai illusion of abolitionism, tali lolly a the higher law. has passed sway Into the Umbo of vanity and is laid up among the discarded tnmbsr of the tost Presidential canvats. (Laughter and spptoane.) No man taiks sswofthe higher tow. Everybodylaglad ^ ^ L i S a w i w M w , « a H. Bradley, Chad. Aiwoter, enough to have tt forgotten. We cone, then, to the nextSiJobne,PB, wxbaeanroof aasor aad owakanes, bound to Bt BT was sunk at aaa Mares, to tot tlton •!, by col' t a w of his conscientious objection to it, when bo himself :setts in hopes to suck a littie mtochief oat at that affair It denounces the employers es repuhltoaaa, and strives to set the working people against them, on the ground thai capital here to the North te the oppreaaor of labor. " B e bold the happy slaves of the South," aay the championserror in its Inception. Those who assert It forget to conshoemakers end their employers. The former think thaton on htob water and proceeded on her voyage.her of tools. He is s father—wife, children and male orfemale connections are dependant upon Urn. And BOttis that every proprietor, North or South, represents, nothimsesTonty.bwt the fhrnty of which beat the head andit would be just as competent and reasonable to say—nay,it would be jost as hod ah argument to add rets to humanprerudioes—that the landholders Inthe Northern States areoligarchies and aristocrats. For If you will count up thenumber of men at the North who can be deemed to beto aav considerable degree proprietors of the soil, youIce.andwhileAmrightthatthewrongahonld be willfindthatttisrelativelysmall.The;eIsnopartof,ltttoalideastheythanpossessed.TheactoftheStatecwhich ihi« m such a eonatcuoof opening. 1 know there a no democrat n toe length and breadth of oar State who deee cot fully appreciate the necewtty of doing *verytunc that to him lies »insure the return of Taontas H mjmmt to the gnbernatorml" ohoir (Load ap- nMwee ) Iony ntore tarn, for when the democratic party toft power au y«ara ago, Governor Seymour left his of-strattloBs. They were practical statesmen, looking toMaegaabuf ctts appreciate these men ? f am about to Max!to you an act of the iAgtehunre of that Stole enacted onthe 26tbof March, 1788. Observe that that was just prioito the rframiBg of the constitttion. The Boclaratton ofsome local controversy, a great migration of a Tartar disagreements ore inevitable to the fluctuations of trade- tribe from Russia to China, to the number cf Where labor to perfectly free, the relations %f capital aadGoon PASSAGSS—Bark Jehu, Capt Dawos, arrived at Boston Bthtoa*>fron Hia*iii to M qqya jthe saade the ran cut to 27 davaBark Wm G Anderson. Capt Hall, arrived *• the above pertthan in the Northern States. So that thto argument of'.• ive ol; rai;i_g cotton _nd heUfce himself to raiuttfa:let but tne breach .n the rcpubUcaii rampart be broken "•-vix Portland." will be sent from here every Friday, the aaa..here, and th- who'., force ih tn-aien and routed before it ctostngat 2 1*.M.has even brought itself into combat on the great field of TIMS, OP CL08BJ9 AT TUB LONDON OFTICB.\er. Helen Mira. echr U nnoaroBAl.TIMiiKK, Bsrebir-arr fichr F.uther Cbi'd. Ke'lv Roe-ton Cld steamer frankhn. t3oUn»rj, NTork. Lark l.adiey, Ker." Put" -.. achr- Home Mel,- tan, West Icdi-a •*. ..lei. K.,kj the g'< ri .8 con.-t. llaled standard of the Vailed State? luring it 1 would like to know *f U would bo any advan l"atnck Henry—u thc\ anl their tr»nds did not controlmaking snoea. (Laughter.) Or, oucc, lor example, coLi.ug u. U.: Stau- of Connecticut, 1 would like to kno* f it would be any advanta? • to the city of New Haven ifNow, were they in favor of abolition Let nv- malic the question in a more distinct form The time has come when we have goi to probe that prejudice to the bottom If George Washington, ti heroic and almost di- vine father of the I'aion—fapptousi '•—was an abolitionist in the sense of ax. abolitionist of to day, why did he cot in i e cour*«- of his loDg political career as a citizen of the Stale of Virginia introduce a bi!' into the Legislature toton's \oioe dominated over the rVU of Watorloo, therewere some voice pitential enough to say to" you, in viewof the adveuning forces of the republican party h*re, asbe said on that battle field. " Up, tiuards, a n i i t them '"as follows J—Via Marseilles on the ;vi and l.ir >' ton BavannLh bat- Hadle.. hec B<viion brig h Yo .ng. Ea-NEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET,pendence intended to apply only to the whits governtog HedoesnottelluahawwetotheNorthernStates,andtheypuuiateti and repels the constitauoc aii 1 tows of hm oo-ia race ol these colonics, (long continued applause.) Tht in the Southern States, ate to continue to carry on beneficial the democrats from the Harper s Ferry toaurreabon, in Pictou. MB, in 1866. aad owned by ate eapaata and eutevnBut 1Industry and comnaercial intercourse when file whole of the Southern States are products*, aothtag, but ore given up to the rather pomlul took of ejecttog.from their ato mocba Are mfllknf a* Africans. (Laoghtar.) That to a trivial eaeetieo. M auppose he would eay that those ofwhich they hove tried so hard to implicate the republican leaden, bat to vain, they are now looking up another oc- casion of delusion. Their principal organ, the Hanann • whichfurntohes them bramt,' as Senator Wilson said. ha* fastened apon the cordwainers' strike in Massach.• A B B T HOOa*. Marcha-Sjehr E awkm from Bew Terk for Mcbfto, ward ashore on me potnt of Baady Heck at T » MLa» eatsferHIGHLANDS _ taaoffhag. hound to.8ANDT BOOK. the Boy. THook, ante .laociJ be the one who should replant oar conqueringtMniard upon the Chapultepec of abolitionism. (L-.ad proprtotors to the Korthero States, and s a y Southern £ ° L ^ 4 £ TM ' * e , w a ' * 1 , Q i r o < ^ o r * o one of the country • For they ore a race that cling to us, and have afeet^ee.) It reoti with you and with oar brethren speaker or debater might with equal propriety reproach rnhed States, to be evidenced by a eertincate from the Bene yet to be driven away, If they meat go. They are alatauffaobi tan State to do It. We have the power, and I us to th* South as an oligarchy, and insuttiosrly potnt to the tare ot Mate of which he stall be a citizen, shall tarry wthtomultitude* of working men who ore not large proprietors this < omroonwealth for a longer time toon two months; andand it rises when the totter increases in greater proper tion than the former. Wagee cannot rise bat by anhebeve »» have the will to do u. for every man knowsgeat the ugh* in Connecticut in April to the Gentlemen, the argument is not only fallacious in fact, but EMlmlr nej it » the finale of the. tight, in No- it to an appeal to the worst prejudice* and passions of theparasitic race, who cling wtth conscious dependence to the whites. Beyond all that, they are attached to the country. It te their home. They know well that they areincrease of the aggregate funds employed in hiring labor- rope and this country Man nnnahted rock. Booh Mtot tha ease era, or a diminution of the number of competitors for hire. ThereIsahe whitelitbtexhibited ontideeape, wbteh ean be nor tell, except either by o diminution or the funds de seen from a distanceor 17 Bailee seaward, fxatc tae deck of a voted to paying labor, or by an increase in the number of passing atop The lighthouai stands near the beacon (whichan ohgarcby applies wtth equal force to the great wealth yTlutt M pisrstm b e t o g ^ African or negro, other than a subpoint of the sword and bayonet to drive them from thtoand as communities, and^in the few instances, which conb'.itute only an apparent exception, in which there havebeen Presidents from the Southern States, those Preeidents have been selected, nominated and elected by theNorthern States. (Applause.) For we, unfortnnately, warrant of commsmeot to the said court, on the first day ofThese disputes, then, will compose themselves in a little while, aa the builders' strikes ef tost autumn In London did, aad oa the numerous strikes in this city tn time* past bore done. They will not extend, as the pro-slavery or gone predict and wish, to the whole of our Northern society, and range class against class in on almost interne cine war. Both tbe employers and the employed, in all deportments of trade, have too much go sense to engage to any fratricidal contests of this sort. It te the special privilege of their free condition that their interests arc substantially as one, and that so inter- ruption* can disturb that harmony for any great length of time. Like man and wife, they may have their little lifts, but like man and wife they will come together againand because they are attacked anu have to act on the de fenstve The North forces them into combination by its perpetnal assaults upon the institutions ot the South. Let ua ceaie our aggreso ins and attend to our own affairs. Abstain from Intermeddling with their affairs, and rely apon it yon will see them s s much divided as any portion of the North. (Applause. 1 So much for the so called undue influence of the Sooth. That also has taken its place In the lumber loft of the limbo of vanity, and that weapon being used up we come to consider a third that is now presented to us—the wUleged irrepressible conthe*. between the Northern and Southern States. That assumed eontlfct to put. in the Artt place, a« a question betweenof taties qwtut. (Laughter.) And now I soy that this isan unanswerable demonstration of the truth of that mostVituperated and calumniated remark of Justic Taney, thatOt the time of the Declaration of Independence, and in the Why did he act propose the abolition of slavery to Vir- cf society;'' Mr. Senator Clay mav prove to his own^ ark Charles C Fowler. Wood, ^om Cardiff Dee 9 for Hong Kong. Jan 21, lat 6 N, Ion 22 5Sere* JI the a2'a;»a of our oonntry one isembarratsed with the inBienc- of anbje^ts, and It be »_iee& care to select as *eU as to discuaa. I aUall endeavorih» evenag. in th » 1oe o' topic wuwh ha* occurrod tome. rather to ictrodui-e than to exhaust dWcuFston: for, ifnit p^a':l >>e spared t» irte, 1 hope this will col be the lastoeeaaic-ii ir. this cwivea* for addrestiaig the people of theState of Connecticut tienUemcn ui New Haven, God.itseems to me, has heat'wad &j«ia us a pleaaau'. cinntrv IDnoasese, u>dwell iti. to occupy It stretch** from sea toee* through one of th*' great temperate zones of toeg *fee Along the eoast o' either o^ean onuntlea.- comTiiidwna pons an i harbors invite as t mnriiuue alvenure,t«AjkxK forth en the ,.;•• han.l to uie opposite shores oiEurope—on th* other to Uiose of Asia. Within, in thevast expanse of our uutu—within with its noble rivers,with its great xiernal seas, with its preen hillsides.with MB fertile savannahs, with its mineralwealth—within it unfc .n to i.a the a n n l e i treasurrs of this virgin earth to the New*'World. A i d««_we of mat I»->M»- white raoe in whuh is tneembouj&ent of all there U iioei manly ui man. of a!'.there is m<»X woman'* in woman—(applause')—we. ofthatgreat, pr<HiO. white raso—the vigorous urhshoots of' themighty trunk of the mov powerful »ni famoos race ofthe gTtat htstoncai people o; Kurope—we came hither to3itd this Und a ailtiernes: and we have real; .; oy ouri "rage, our tDd'iatry, our genius, to be the hon» of ticut about anything (Laughter > What would be thetoence and arts, o! rune•* and prosperity, of eduoauon eonriitioL of Massachusetts if every man pursued idetiii th .r abolitionism, i say the constitution contradicts theSic l*t bark Forest BeQe. Casey, Ctenfueaoai brisa Ins. Poarv. . and V- ebas'.r PPTTJ-. Sag'ia seht Jas A Itrowa, l'rishtmac. •'ardeoaa: 2d. briga James [)»v». Stapiea, am'. AmMassachusetts" I -will take Massachusetts for example, b^caufe 1 do not want to be supposed to reproach Connec-inii reiigi-.n of peace and power That we hare done rally the some labor" I know It is an impossible thiag Nay more, here, :h thai oar New World, we have but w" are ciei og with supposition. What would be the fnundid a*htLtion<s acni-raom m their ihecry. marvellouB con. •-. n in regard to happiness, wealth and prosperity r ID :h»lr practical workin?— institottone of government thetution; m which they by emphatic, express provision and compact, protected and secured slave property tn any axd all the States that cho*o to hold such property. That wasMarchS)Tbe Overland Mail tor California leares Hn louis every Monday and Thursday at 8 A.M. Leuera designed for itshould be masked 'Overland, via Bn Louia."Partridge, Nlurk: lAdy Cfcapaaan Br. r o <•- T .rt« » anas.Psa PTKASSBIP NOVA EroriaK'. AT ST J "iss NF—Taut GBlFIHCArr a; 1iverj^-ioi, Feb 23 R ti La: .-, aad Yoriek from Nor- It-ana.Arr a*.<».-.^*r.il Mrrtury r,m Boa! a. 4Arr at H»TC lit &oto from Baraun^n aa . Thirty one Stales from Mobile.A m e r i c a n P o r t a .BOSTON, March 8— AIT ship R&calaod. 8arfer ,\ Mant.la;«chr8 t'hron. iieter, Pearson (f Geonr for Norfolk^ pi.-11. for a harbor: Alrioo Hart, do for Vtreuea pnt in fee a haroor. Ir.i.-arapbed b&rt Hector. Iron, Malta. >kl afcie Geora« 1 .r ner 1 H> . . N- ri>-aQi, bark i»a. .-tab. Bea?*, MoSite b n s - BirdtiA^e and the exemplar of well comtnaed pohhcal i, wer—uisiitattons el gov rnniect o." that apparently at kr*M. i> *•;; fi.l adaptation 4E<" harmiclo if consittenc., of i^ris «•...:. hecciucp x treat peotik-. IheKc iiiatil<itioas but ma-ie ua m vvart what we ar*. Thirv en coio ties have nro<*n up to oe thirty three imperial States, coDLiderated together hi a groat ana glorious Union.th. same identical th;i.0" Is n not obvious and palpable that pro-rer1ty is the result of difference of pursuit?''the laborers at the South, because of the congenial c!i-mait, produce cotton and sugar, which we cannot pro- ,of any property—not even being allowed ti have a par- ticular and exclusive rifht to the clams on the clam bardo on the shores of Marthas Vineyard aid Cape Cod. (laughter .) 1 say all this ia demonstrat've of the truth of Judge Taney'a declaration. But do we nee"! thto demon strrdton v G' utlemeu, we are not living under any deciareason, conscious* and religion, as all these wild,stupid, silly, mischievous projects, looking to theabolition of atovery by act of Legislature, or of Congress.Inequalities of social condition—the condition ahovtf allothera that are innate in us*-which society and man didnet create, bat which God created—tuch inequalities canonly be abolatiVd by God. (Applause) Must we then,gentlemen, to the pursuit of those chimeras, and for e.u:!.absurdchimericalpurposes,andwithsuchutterlyuntena- Doarssnc Worth—Albany,BuffaloandCanada...S P.M.dace s.t the North, a cause of coniltct ' What cocnict isthere •* her • the differences of p. eduction constitute htrncony of relation It is not identity but difference or pro-duction that creates harmony. Wnat sort of harmony ration : we ar» living under the constitution of the United «umu usee be between two men that should marry etch stat:-:, and when gentlemen tell us that the man of other.(Greathvitihter)ThereisidentitytMtearlofdif- thatepochwereabolitionist.-ir.thesensecfthatPOSTAL DIBECTOBY-ference. It at difference of organization—difference of ca- paoiiiues—that invites the ffi*n to to*- woman, and consti- tutes the harmony of toe family, which is the basis of all civil institutions aud ol all virtue. (Applause.) But, again, would you have identity of labor in these Untied i-iait?" Lei us reflect. What would be the condition' ofterm at this day. do they think that we are all bornidiotis—that we arc incapable of reading or of thin.,tag rWasbin.Etor. th" President of the convection, an abo^tirnist Madison, the informing mind of the convention.ar abolltotiisi Why there to t t e constitution that leclares what their abolitionism was Tnere is the consti- country lite not merely dissolution of the Onion it isTSISIDAP. veb JS—Ar- bark Overesann t>teriiBL* NYork-i P.M. scbrBC Knight, Whiriow. Phitode'iihr--. 2*'o, orijra < nme%.every man u. Massact.n«ew were occupied in doingThursday, at (kA. M. I t i TSIIW.TM be "Overland. viaRt Joeepb."Bo. PAOTTIC. • BY steamwhla North btar, on T .tealay. Marcfc *> 1market!P. M.every nw.ii in Louisiana auould leave oil raising sugara.nd b'.ta»i- hirrifcalf to making coaches. (Laughter )How wou 1<1 oar industries m New England fare In thainew eutopui of l lestity of labor, which is one of thebases of the alleged tTT°pressible conflict between thNorthern, and SoatLern Motes? Why, gentlemen, it 1- so abolish Slavery there • Gentlemen, I pray you rcdectCaixmrra....Sd. 10th. 18tb. » t h via Marseillea. SUth. 27th. via Bouthamnton.«th, Uta,sftlleviawit that all this theory is absurd, foolish, Ir-rational, mere powder with which to right a partyupon that question, pause upon it, tarn li ov^r, look at it all around. Will you say that Washingtor was insui rere* Gentlemen, yon know that liis breast was as pelluci 1 a.?leader of a worthy cause. For, look, gentlemen'. summon ap. if you can, in your mind's eye the colossus of power and fame of this Union. The glory of the New World, the admiration of the Oil—shall it be cast downBaazn. Via Southampton on the 9th of the mouth.1 9 - The MaraefUes malts are despatched on tbe «-.•« of above dates. Should any of theae dates tall an Sunday, the mail ia despatched the following evening.contest,'that tt wi.Ja be discreditable to your judgmentto purcoe that argument further Nay, the argnment the brightest gem ever polished. (Applause.) He car-At the Urns of too Declaration of loderied his heart in his hand, and no man could impate to (Voices—f«Kc, no.'"I Shall it be t odden under foot''docs not need to be pursued further; for how stands its him want of sincerity oT truth. Was Ceorge Washington (Voices—''Never, never.") Shall It fall? Not on us, not mail is despatched the morning previousauthor now.- Wo are no longer told of the irrepressible afraid- Why. there was nothing created from the >tay on us. Oh Cod, not on us be the "deep damnation of its conflict between the free labor States of the North and when the world was born to th- day when bodied— no- taking off.*' (Applause ) Not on the men of this genera-the slave labor States of the South; b i t now it is an irre-preaail. conawrChetween the '•capital States'' of the South (Lei- applause.; And if thai go d and great man, thatan abolttionnrt in the sense of an aboi.tiooUt of today, why did he cot propose the abolition of negro servitude in the State of Tlrginia? Answer me that queteion ho who can. 1 think I have an answer to tt, and 1 desire to pre- sent it. When 1 remember not merely that oousututioc, over the formation of which he was called to pre-tion. If that power, that fame of the Union is to be pros trated. let it he in some long future generation; in the days of the aenility and caducity of the world-, in the days of the corruption of the approaching cataclysm of the universe, let it be in those days, when, as the stars shoot madly from their spheres, one common rain of earth and of heaven, and only one, shall witness the dis-Liverpool, bark Avola Kendr.-i.- B.«ion rand the labor States of the North (Laughter) That pui e man, that sincere mac, UAt courageous man, wasFALL RIVER Marcb 7—Bid scar Orion, LHria from 80 mera*t> NTork.UALVRSTON, Feb 27- Arr barks Texan Star. Tcung, Li rerpool; C W Pouhaey, Mar atom u CardtaAlsoarr2fth thip J TV Kannin. Brletw. NTork. bn« a- grange, McFaiiaui Mobile, schrt Cumoeriand. l-.-naacoj, Man Rlto. BnowGLoUCKBtKB. Mareh 7—Arr sehre Amanda. Kaow.on, Nort'oik for Richaaond. Franklin. Uodfrer. Baiumore for r o n land Benjamin. Arasatroot RaatoTrt ftir *York KJUUTV Warren Cutler tor do, R B Pit* '•-aosPa'toa, French-and Forea Muier\. Rockland for NVora W/niUi-i t arroll Chip man, BucttpiTt for Bucaavide. 8C; UtouskJa. Oliver, B a h for fit Marjg Oa Herald, kmght, Portland for Be'timore.HY ANNIB, March 4 - A r r aenra Berth. Nort..tk, n>& Bamvtal Qiixnac. Bura.aa Boston (and aid Sib tor NYork/KKNNBBCNKPORT, March 6—aid brig BAretow. Prau, Vu emiathey aie I ask you to challenge your memorise, to interlitical act of his life, his Farewell Address, it seems to me that whoever at this day seeks te bn _t Washington into play as a pattern and ezempier of sectional conflictrogato your j idgment, to cudgel, as it were, your reasonsecondary qoestinaa. They are bat dost an the into action, and tell me how any possible inferences can in these United States, and to fasten upon him the imputa-sssn cf the power of tb>» governmssu. (Renewed cheers•e t so.genUBtnen Mr. Seward ig agea of sectional hoatUity taught us by our fothen.' DM these most significant speeches, to their hero, Toosaoint 1'Over-abolition ions emanate from them? So It iatntd There ture , and to the horrors of the Baaaastefato of St. Dominmade to Buffer for the injuries they inflict up in their feinartStBtobetoport tor Wlan of snpostor t—ilhfsnos and education—•fnistod a ri«bate and in act. 1 gtodly and proadiy sc•apt tosn as the exponent of rsnnhitosai optsnjns (ap»isns* and hstoss}—for then we all know whom we at* to thai agitation. But permit aw to observe that the Assert nest give the some abO each, and ****?*•!?* issue as having been proved guilty of aiding In the mur-sbsst; and we have s r r n i s s l to monnntor. bot dectora COB Revelation was not a radical •ociahaMc revo-bton, 1shall dwal wtth hsmamnhto ogsswasnt, lawswfore,In lution It was a pohttoal revolution only. It That is the solution. V e» atosfla. vareoawfo^jhat sense, crsaetMng ttnm^ not him, or only crtlicaiing wss the sewage" or the Brtttol Empire Into torn fei.) You are to eadow then well with east aad capon ti\e tettimony cf hto guilt being addooed, a*^«maa»-e mmrwt- with a feroawSMt hVitiah, and a British *,. w o u them. Mr. Helper swato does BQtteU m where the naeney diatoty BcnteBeed and bung. Het-atftawtaVhtogaut^outhing human of whim he was afraid, except dishonor.SHIPPING NEWS.BPaoiAL HOTlfJ*.mU laser* fctawtea ftr ate >sw Teasautaiiac roa aww TOBX—THIS OAV. < 21 I MOOS SITSass ana.Port at*Haw York, March 9, I860.town—J Q Dale.Steamship Ctmmcrce, Lundi. •olvesicn.DANVRhR MarehT—Arr schr >«ve Averv \Trfolk.vAt the close of Mr. Cushing s speech, Hon. Wm. Pbe drawn from this fact, so far as tt to a fact. Gentlemen,1 see no infereioe to be drown; and, indeed, no in'erencewas drawn. for it.wa3 a mere application of artificial namesfor the purpose of making a new discrimination between desecrates his memory. Thus to steal, as it were, thethe North and South, the object of which it is easy purp!" mantle of the hero with which to co^er upto tee How does it happen that at this day any BcberrfS of ambitious aspiration for Presidential votes,personfails uponthatmoatfarfetched andgmestground itteemstomewouldalmostcausethevery corpseof theleas idea, that if one State of the Union to full of capital dead hero to start from its tomb on the bonks or Mount William Hnnley, a politicion, residing in the First ward Brie Nathan Rpeucer. toachlas.and another to loll cf labor, that to to cause a conflict Vernon, and the spirit to come forth and rebuke the pro- In New Yotk, who by some te represented as being ahaet Brig bsender. Priest, &tJohn—D R Dewolf. between them? Gentlemen, there is no such conflict. fanation and desecration of his great name ana memory. Schr flebroe, Day, Newbern-C B Dibbl- k Co.vert tho atteatton of the Northern States from the fa it brought into play here to justify sectional conflict' Get yesterday afternoon engaged Stephen Martin to drive him t-chr Rescue, Bacon. Norfolk—Bi urges k Olearrnan.Is there no remedy :<*r. no evasion of, no escape from thisqoestMm- Can it be" Must we thus be pressed to thehrttk of the abyss of national destruction by thai ques-tion being continually forced upun as by the very ardent,•twdlrvied seal of misguided men in the Northern States"Why BUM »c If we most, why' Uw&Ueman, 1 cannotpause here t dmcaHS the theouifpcal relations ot thisquestieti To d<> that r*«!'Sctfal!y and yet fraaMy an i tween our own capital and our own labor—and there is book thouBhtfully and carefully, and I do eay be moantei the driver's seat and took tbeuncso'it of gone main and mizen satis set. and bad probably cone on the Wtilfleet fordo, Orton, Da m. from FaJ earhigh reaching staieauiet. exhort us to do so, and the nun-rfred thouaand toi /ned press echoes their exhortatiotu. that here upon our own soil, In our own Hew England, tlerccn, he had no such oplntons, and the answer to the about oar city. He got mto Abraham Barnard s hock, sschr R iJUti'.'an, Smith. Phiiadeiplua-J W McK.ee.Alexandria. (Tid sehre Albert Treat, &• a^oine, OVTUK. F .. ton Weaver Fall Riverthereto a riving conflict now, today, between labir andcapital—.(Applause)—to cause us to look elsewhere, and it sgain in matter made to my hand. I will find tn thatlanding, where be endeavored to get a hand on board the Etcamer Isaac Newton to accompany him, but failing, he drove an the hill and stopped at a restaurant in Washing-9th—Arr (bv lellthlj Waabingon Nortor., 'hir.-na. • .*n<s« NEWPORT, MarchH-Arrbrla N Htowen. Ri-e. rion. Pernot to see that conflict which ia too apparent. That con ftict parades our streets, and thoaoanda and tens of thou sands of men and womeu declare it in public meetings. That conflict u upon us in New England—a conflict bebook which Mr. Seward has specially endorsed, andwhich sixty eight members of Congress have le^onimenie<l to the confidence of the republican party, and which ton avenue. From thence he ordered the driver to take Bteaambto Quaker City. ShufekH. Havooo, March 6. at * tquestion I have put is patent 1 can find it. aid I will find- when afartin,the driver, conveyed him to the steamboatBchr Fakir. Potter. Bristol—MasterBear New Yotk. Qoodsell. Boston—Dayton A Sprague. Bchr Fab Hawk, Doane, Harwicboor—Master.now constitutes the great campaign documcau-1 mean Helper's " Impending Crisis —1 hovr read thatr r x River for Norfolk. Riurene, Hawe* from Buawa tor » » « "saaafuily towarda the clergy—to do tl "thoroughly and ce oia£> sagacious enough to r>«netrate the obscurity, anl that in all my reading—and it to somewhat Martin's hands. Finding that Hanley wa* driving at a beach dunng tbe NKmow storm, tent steamer Jacob Bel: to ye-totodoitastoshameprejudiceaidtellwhatoretohetnediaastersconsequentuponIt.Amiscellaneous—alittlemoresothanitoughttofearfulrateovertherood,andfearingthathewouldin herabateunce—<SripTVWittClinton,fromLiverpool,reportei'IWm Penn, Wtoaiow, trom >oedforJ Prat* • rArmao. PENSACOLA.Feb27-ArrschrsBww^'.rHVifi CidSo. leeyuteyf^oaeBOaatoUoa, bwi Mr.Helper Satooet. What to Hi We osW ,jaysT ato^wwaii four and^e^ualtt? of all men. That is tow foundation of flremilhonaof stoves to the M ^ & « n ^ ^ Suisa. You CowiewatowBayB.—The slave Lew*, mentioned to our lastfhtr«,wtthaT»aiawiacahtoa, aad deport theso soA i r W (Ungh-der of hto master, Dr. W. J. KehH, on the »ath a h , was further examined on Wedneodoy tost, aad hhoaasmpanempire. We ore thus British Ansaricsn. O u r U i c f d i dnot sjrtor opoa oaf Quhtatte paawaltaf radical toawraaaaM. ThrseeretrtotolqatetioBw. He dnsainot teu as where the it wos evident that he had not e w r f o r a n e a ^ ^ ^Ihey found jtodanasaboundinginthe country,and they lawfulauthoritytotoenate front, that* a trtrtoj mat- actotoae. Heexi>reesedno^r ^^„W B /for htoexe nabtrocaer,do,kept the* Indians they found Aincans abounding to the ter Be dose not tell us what tha white people, about the awful crime, and viewed the r ^ P ^ V ^ j »y » com Cienluegea, brigs Sttka,is to come froat, aor wb*re the ships are to come from%a)awaaTWl BstTwaaV. JaaJw'uwTwFaataB-^'-'^" ~ g* " aM a rsesnruction which to being hrtrtedm^L-1!^ ^ ^ *° w ' wan«b5swth*nrwi jocntrv. and they kept thrm Afrtaun Did they natr whose be to so anxious, ore to do for rnrol tohereta or aav Mrttenwrtth MeHd indifference Be wee trw J?f thai irrepressible oonfitot bets sua the Xorth Am I to be toM after all, that we, the white men of Amer- aaeatto a r e a t a durtog the Mae ^ + £ * * * • . J*J»£»* We wans told not many ywars co, the mea of Kurepean raoa, Baxon. Cost, German, oa. That to triTMO, Uv aw« hot toil of hew the people BOSTON,R e p o r t * .•wo* Crerar rapt Ore ir ate Graves oboai aav*^ aVmw«eW.liaraWe«awa- r^nasan-iWtntoonm ^UaTBOTOW, toC, TarSM do1T-CaaI-PfarJJ Korfoia tor NFveooh, atosaawh, ore aaislakeqy that we are sot the mas < from the rtToaSilutiun and tows of tha toss of the coosttry after ail, and that oar fathers, ia the i to aansa higher tow. GeattoasssT I ma!npBTe<ante lirxtoratton of ladefeadeaoi., tataadedjhat the Indian anda « r SBMB WhO.i-eeJhixtm^Hnrm mlkSS^m^ the Afrtoaa wars aawattotoJ with o f aa tha aaaotsn of: «T>on«nt of thto iactnsje, that the peaUntitled Documentwe have left endeckted AH these ere minor considera-tions, which to thto sublunary s a d aubbmated phtlanthroPM.WtodXW, fresh.aremforea. The nigat was dark, and the aaaae of the wrec* in, thai battle to be much troubled with imaginary ab curred to the reign of Paler the Great. Owing to overage prices of the market allow them to pay. Such waa not aacenained.practical results and facte. Now, how did the State o1Independence had been adopted and a oonfoderatton hadbeen to operation, ana the States were about to form a • ed—perished miserably by starvation oad war. I aay, more perfect union and to form o compact upon the po then, that the idea to practically impossible But If itsome millions of human beings; took place; and thenarrative of that exodus, or rts sufferings, of its dangers.of itodottrnction of life. U one of the moving pictures ofhuman history. In the mere effort to paaa from one neigh it should be remembered that they ore adjusted, not bythe will cf the employer or the employed, hot by great natural causes under which both ore bound. The price o* labor, like every other price, falsi when the num- ber of those who work forhireincreasesto a greater proportion than the circulating capi-boring country to another, one half of the people perishpassagcof 8000aaitosto44 daya. 'V A I D AMI j C A S C O B b * p H e r t r e e t o , A t k r a s , c V j a r e d a t Charleston 6th tost for Liverpool, with a cargo eompnv-d of 8S6 bags sea toland cotton. 1452 ba>« uplands, US Ms riee, and «W bbtoroato-thewholevaluedat*1«A407.CAPS RACS—Promthe extentove curreoe-rgiven to the eloquent extract from Mr. aw a D-adtey Obaer vatory ct-anon. ana note personal expert1 revatis to the pnblM mtod that thta bold headlanddireetly is the way of vessels making pesaagea to and fraea Bnupon a eomnlotot made to any justice of the peace within thincommonweona, that any surh person has been within the better off here, even as slaves—nay, that they w e better off laborers to be paid. Even If tt were possible to force up Las been somewhat reduced to height; to which Mr Xvereu re- aaote more thaatwo nxmtaa. toe said justice ahall order the IKcause they ore slaves—than they ever were in Africa, the rate of wages by a legal or moral pressure upon the fers, and of oocrse has been erected trace Mr •aaodethepeatheir said session; and if, upon trial at the said oourt, it shall be made to appear that the said person has thus continued within this t'ommonwealth, contrary to •• h • tenor of taw act, hi- or MMahall be whipped not exceeding ten stripes and entered to depart out of thto Commonwealtn within ten days, and if he or she shall not so depart, the same process anal' be had and p'.uuahtaeL.t infitoted, and so Mit* quotu*. (Laughter.)i,entlemeti, there is very great virtue sometimes In one of those old phrases. The African who should find him self to Massachusetts had to be whipped and driven outalienation.remnant of these are to be ton led on the shores of Africa, Be that as it may, it te precious small comfort that tbeinterval between that and the establishment of the constitution. the African.- were not the equals of the whiterace in any State ot the Union. And that is not all; for practical man—he looked to practical ends by practicalBark BUa, from Boston tor 81 Thnaaa, Feb 2b, lat 84 40. tor 67 48.in all these- ascriptions of equality to the Africans in this country and all this ongrv denunciation of any white man who says they were not included in the Declaration of Independence, everybody forgets that there were thousands and tens of thousands of Indians in the United States. What was their conditions Were they comprehended within the phrase of the Declaration of In dependence It so happens that the Legislature of thaianatic, no wild radical. He was a statesman—he was ameans. He knew well that abolition was impracticable blow in vain to convince an independent New EnglandIon 74.Forelsra Part*.AXGOA BAT, CGU, Jan 1 (hack date>—A.rr bark Warren Hallett, Boston Bid Br bark Witch of tbe T^a, Hartiev, Bnetan- CAapBWAK PebBV-Arr barka K Gmdiasa. Letaatd. NYork,Indian and other People of Color Tiihabltanis of the Island •bapoeynaddleIndian, Mulatto %ud Metr<> Proprietors cf Gay Head. lnrhai.s cf Chiistia:: Town.Kiira'-etn ACT. MeAdaii. do. achr Chriaatana, "Wtllew. l e y Weai Su, H{> bark Joiieia. Boca. 1 har.ea: m. br. Waa MflOii very War-en. 2axa. Curlew Mattbesrs Neuvita- .jars Mary Clni'ou Rvan, MOrleana: Firefly Rev Wes-In a word, all the Indians of Massachusetts were, by the iegisbiuon cf that State, put under guardianship de- prived of aM political rights, and treated at mere wards,in the Mat.- of Connecticut, but especially inequalities of mental faculties, be and the same ore hereby abolished.'' (Oreat laughter.) Ycu will flad that just as sensible astanding wtth their fellows, and are striving in a liva. way to benefit their condition, they do not mtend to pro claim that they consider themselves slaves, or to acceptassertipn But it will be said further, thai Washington, Jeflertun and Miidisec in forming tha compact, relin- quished tl-'-ii own opinions for the sake of harmony, com- promise and peace, and that they still entertained tni-fc tame opm on? let us see if that is so. 1 know well that there may be found in the writings of Jefferson most em- phatic declarations of reprobation of this inequality ofwar, foreign war. For will not the lnvaier B.LaxsCrrr.The Overland mall from St Joseoh (Mo.) 10SaltiSi;t eniarge the supposition. Let us suppose that everyman in the f'nited States were engage 1 In doing th* sama' coed;iion m th<- Southern Slates, and BO. in a more modi sublime a cau?e is die cause of that country, that const:By steamship Kdtnburg, for Liverpool*onSatuiday Marcb lu ..lOliA.M. of tbe War K»pe* Port an Prince Ijuizar me, Harru&authis raiding the some «vop or manufacturing the s.im* product oi ajt That, ag ...L, is an impossibility, but we r-.-tre got to S'ippose it. because t*ie assertion o* a contlictfW firm inch declarations may be found in the writings of W Mhictiton, Patrick Henry. Madison and Mason. These men, w are told, in framing the constitution of the United States, maiie concessions of their opinions to the general peace of the country But were tb*y no! all cili- ?ens of tt.^ stovshoi'ilng £tate of Virginia ' Tpray you to recal your historical knowledge to memory l.ook back to that penod of time, and tt.i me .1 (leorge Washington, Thomas J^nei^or. James M.tdaoo. George Mason an.lof my own h-mble part of my civic duty in the disc LS sion of these great questions it anticipation of the change in the government of the United States I mty have rx - ration t. dstcufs oilier branches o" thir question in the .-tate of Connecticut. It has a-emeJ to roe thai here in the State egCocr.cctio.ut was the fitting place to comnicn-xi.cate Onriard packet at this port, belnz onee a mouth, the steamer Rarnak will b despatched with mails for toe Bahama Istands*tn be landed at Naasan. N. PBv steamship Cahawba. on MoniUe. Marcb 12.Cape Hsvtieo: KWMtier Beairy Maiannas. Id » I. Howart of HOSUJU. late ot Bremen, Me;, Bteiu. P»naa ria Siaan, Bneera, Richmond, via City Pe.nt; Angeiva. Hnm. Raltt'anre; I B Kim tin. lia-.Ta. fbdaoe phia. Chariea H Moller, Abea. Be-|r»n Point via KI TS, Alfred Barret' 'inea,I<Y<rt. PI... wav-i H W, neainer Cv> of New York. I ir»a Rml.em ^aion^. Voiun teer B' nj liure«=a: brigs Bird of tne Wave. Lai.zan>a«. \nteor ever would be in Jamaica or Hayti. They know itwell, and they will not go. Else, why don't they go?Why don't those blocks who ore parading the coun-try. making speeches, go to Jamaica and become membere ot the LegtoJarure (laughter), or to Hayti and be-come dukes, counts and emperors (Renewed laughtor.) Why do they stay here, unless, as I say,they know they ore better off here than anywhere else*T beg yon to remember, gentlemen, bow our republicanfriends in their transcendental humanity have howledover the fact that two or three hundred blocks have beendriven out of Icatotona and Arkansas during the tost year.Horrid cruelty to two or three hundred beings Andyet they themselves propose to expel five millions. throughall sorts of sufferings: that to, as many of themes ahallescape death at the point of the bayonet and mouth of thecannon, or starvation in the woods, or stifling to the mid- oil the more attached In consequence of their transient dle passage. That, forsooth, te to be the remedy. Thethere to relapse into primitive barbarism, as their raoe advocates of slavery will be enabled to bring them to their always has done except a handful of a thousand who have trouble. Mr. Senator Hunter may declaim as much as hebeen colonized in Africa under favorable circumstances pleases about atovery aa "the normal and best condition and tpecatl core. But to return to George Washington.ginia* Gentlemen, he was no religious bigot, no crazyheart's content the prosperity of the slave States, and MrSenator Toombs may deplore, with all hte affected sympa-thy, tbe miserable fate or the Northern working men,but all the Senators in the United States will plead and Brig Empire, Muter, henee for Oalveatoa, Feb 26, lat So,as a fact—that if the condition of the stove in Virginia was evil it was an irradicablc evil, and was to be left, like the other institutions of society, to the good providence ofmechanic that his lot is to be improved one whit by stavery or any or its appliances. If these men have beentoiling long hours for low wagee. would slavery or theAs it bee become evident tnat nothing is to oe made byexpeditfcnory forces in the field, hunting up all where Congress was then sitting, to toy their complaintsthese negroes, and when you have caught them, ship them betore that Body. Sir Henry Clinton. bearing of this m-ioff. That eeeme te me rather a rough remedy. Bat it tiny,instantly sent aptoe to the dtoaflected men withhas got to be dene by military force, if done at all Now, liberal offers of money, besides the nocasesrv supplies, if "waL aad was assured to at Man, BT. we hove some talk experience on this subject It has they would desert their country 'a aervice; but those braveporary and local disagreement between the journeymen with riee. went ether• on toe Bip raorniag cf s u inat but 1wagea do not always adjust themselves instantly to eachother; bat they do adjusttfaemaervea m time, aad thenthej operate together amoothly as before the break But en the same day foam Cape Town, baring fccompltobed toeGod That was hte conclusion, and I put tt to you, there further extension of it benefit them in the least: Can A Manderaon, Thompson, Philadelphia, brig D B D>ar>i. YeaHAVASA. Marrh 1—Arr barit Laura Campbell, Reed. Port- land: brisa Llstoore, Partridge Bt Mary a. nydia #laoceat Iong since told that there i t s a necessary irrepressible also upon this point, for an act was passed the 30;. have evils in the Northern States—nay. we have mutual: another pursuit'- None bat persons lost to all sense of Campbell Peoaacola Hope. Hmpeon NOileans. 2d. sobrs » Pand to answer to his own conscience if he is able to seehow any ccntucl ot tabor should occur between a laborerat the North and a laborer at the South In respect tr mdustries, whicn are necessarily dsttinct, dependent uponour climate, upon geographical and topographical factswholly independent of hitnan cmtrol. For instanceoughtw» in Massachusetts to regret that we produce ice.and to i, =t that that fact is a course of conflict of laborsetwec. us and the people of New Orleaucor Savannah, who do not and cannot produce without having the capacity to moke a contract to dispose ice'1 Or, to reverse it—is the fact thatgest to you. If any of you happen to be a member of theLegislature of Connecticut, or expect to be by and by—(laughter')—that at the earliest possible day in the parsuit of these transcendental theories of abolitionists—that tors They mav not see fit to hang the libellers, as theiris to eay. of putting an ci. 1 to all human inequalities, con- lathers did the British spies to 1787-8, but they will meetdititn. color and eTerythingetoe—you introduce a bill to their proposal to betray the cause of liberty with the samethis ciVct•—"Be it enacted. that all inequalities of fortune intelligent detestation. Because they have a misunder- nroaf l.ignt Bryant. lArdenas. John S Cotton. Btorm, Barna,same Siate furmihes me with satisfactory informationa better market tan they embark to a new career orJanuary, 1789, with the following title:—shame os well as of humanity would even suggest a com- ties of condition among us, plenty of them—I would sug- parison in the premises.Brown, Ton oaend. Wlhrdnglou. J Latham, aVmeadax. Key Wean, Chariere Minerva 1 Br), Jouea. Asptowall, X itMaaMi Defioto Puiioeh NYork (and aid for sforieaasj brigOrotoa' Ineru&an.. Bnauu; achia Narragaaeeti, Ball. Boataa. FUber, Kel'ey, Carcena*An Aet fo- the better resulatinc of toe Indian, Mulatto and Ne*ro i'roorietora and lnhabttanta of the l'lnulatious called Marsbfi-id.Tbe cerdwamerB ot Massachusetts. we ore Bewared, will treat with proper contempt their new self made counseltreatment: Can ibev transfer their semlcea at option toCiasrcaco<> Feb 25—Bid soar Dazzle. At*-and NYork.law, just as humane, just as moral, just as oonsonout with of aid from lhose who ore mean enough to live by the Cldlat, brigs W WoodruO, -Pars." R'-medioa. 2d, aatf Reve-North and West way mail &>• A. at. Western mail fiaKneRR &V; A.M. aad 9 1.' r\ M ftouui and 80. W. aaaito... ok A. K. and »>, "• >' Eastern man, by rauroad b\i A. M. and 2 V. M." " by steamboatBtrcrruT Mans..On Sundav all mails close at tolaoaVeatlSP Mthe great hereafter beyond that dissolution, wntch consti Caurossna..By steamship North'swr, on Tuesday.ble arguments aa are adduced to us by the abolitionists— must we icrtist in thif general raid ot' abolition agitation against the Southern Stales? If we do, we know welt tne result- 1 do not speak of the Union as a union. 1speak of the fact of our being common occupants of a commonteten the stupendous evil to which all these revolutionary projects point—universal upturning of society, disturbance of all industrial interests, impoverishment of the North, impoverishment of the South, civil war , servile1P.M.take advantage of our insane quarrels il we thus in our marie.::*? t h r o * behind UR and trample unJer toot all those untold blessings which God has vouch sated to tnto Unionv Gentlemen, we have yet a country, a tonetitiitian—a Union How glorious, how grand, howLake City, naves 8t Joseph every Mond«v andlabor of slaves.nue Howes Persaeoa; brigs Mary Alvtna. Ames ^agua; Mary Meac^. Tlbbetts Balonore. •"•!» Wye, Terra, key Weal, 3d amp Lizzie Bombard, Bnall, londen-.bartBaaiuMflaepoerd, Hathaway. Baton, brigs k 1* Bwei, Swett, Cardenas Rolling Wave, l'entaouta-MATASZAJ. Feb 29—Arr echi 1 John Bell. Wasann, Char.estoc, March 2. OcflJa, Burrowa. Key West Ski Fe > 29 brijs I)CD mark Ktapiee andbaneonHregorv 8-iSbina, N'ToritSv JAGO, ieh24—ArrachreBlacrrHiualL, Davis.Phtiadelphta; 25th, John Griffiths, (onklin. Baltimore6-rJoss,>B,March3—AriBrshipKuipireQae-ra,io.j, liuc.tor. _TASIB B>T, CG1\. Jan 9—AIT ; ark «efia. Power. Phtiaue. proa tor Pemambuco.Poretgn and Domestic Mafia. TIMS OF CLO°IN6 AT TiiK KIW TOBA OFTlQ*.Keren;tvtien. that Union' 1this evening commence the discharge Winm. lai.iwna..(>p the,day after the arrival ot each alter- rerUnnl, u>load for Cuba schrs Jo»")ifc "' CW-TSOU, tiaker.(Applause.) ho: gentlemen, let but the line be broken, gives nouee that letters for Urea Britain, specially addredse : riea, B'mtoti Tardclpb ar.t rWjm ihe Ki»ds, bark- Mary Saw-perform that achievement under the leadership of thegallant Seymour—(applause)—who led thi charg-ing fcrcea cf New Englani in scaling the steep.-of the rocky Chapultepec -—(applause)—worthy MararrTCl.. .Via Aden on tbe tth and 27th of tbe month.A New York Politician tat Albany. [From the Albany Journal, March b jChase.•TBark Aid. Edwards. Kingston.Brig M A Forrest, Gilteapie. Rente.UenWaabtaaton. Richardeon. Li erpool: Waahtagtan^ Wane, de. laecond ciearanee): Waadrahrn (Haaai, Deeaer. Bremen; barks Petosrlna (8pi, Miliei, barcek»aa_ Campenero^ Dabet,That suggestion was made for two purposes: first, to di- (Loud app'aut-e.) He entertain opinions that are to be driver In that city, and by others aa being a drayman, Eehr Ida Delia Torre, Taylor, Morehead City—D C Mum: (Bp). Martotony, Barcelona,AJJRTVED.Lim to a place on the Troy rood which he would point out. PM.Sdaysard 21 boars, with autoe and paseaatera, to liareach monto. Via Southampton on the tiRh and XTth.ton. Wlln.mg! 'D, NlCHARi.h>To((, March6—\rr sieamships I'lxmnoia. B»rrv.NYV.ik. Tboe Swacn Kams. y, Baltur ^tnpe '-oodar, I •> bv. si d Maokinaw, itamiufr Ll'erpuu.. achr Wm W1-u.11,(Applause.) Win you not hear tint voice will you cot CBIXA., Ac.. .ViaManwUleson the tuth and 26th. Via South Scull KY'otk In t:-e ouiBg Kii'pa I.y.lia *ad'»we- .en««il,amptun 4<h and 20thAcsraJtua. .Via Marseilles and Sue* on the 16th. Via HouthCocsawatK^ '-urn 'J-I via £*Tannai barn «voU Heacr'.'-k, from Beaton. CM itipa Hencaatt, Altiiia. I-ivrr KJ>>: iiarka Bnatol Belle Br). 8ponag!e, E-rmfii Oak ** • 0 0aSi*d» phta; tchja hauuiue ftmaii. Porto hH>' Chief. Eiarv>ge. uajunwe.. hi abtp-Ann Ellii illr , llavwor. l j - -p<«>l. A-a-nina»> <aa si:., co. Bichare. HI, heott, do. Albua. Neis 1, liavre i>arfc fjeean Brio, , Burge»ii, Bremen, H»e briga 4yL*ij-ooa, Bi *-«- lard, and Warja, 1-oii-nberg North of Burof* * * r s A viuoe (Nor , Ameodaen. do. Napoleon Bimmonda, Ueorgeiown P'", Baltic, Clark Beaton: R MaTO, Mavo. do. J A Stanley Jack son. NTork Hiawatha, liuichina. Baiumore. W D •araill,Hawkln.-. do.iHl^-Arr ibytell ships Owego Bteveus, and Lyiia, I>ecxit.,ami'ton and Suez. 12tb.The BouthampMc mails are despatched on the morning of above dates. Bnould any of theae dates fall en huaday.the6 OH BiCBBark G W Horton, Closer. Havana—a J MaguireBark Harvest Moon, Berry, Cardenas—Walsh Carver k New York. Liverpool, ateheete (Br), Could SYork. CtothipeAfter getting out of the city be stopped the hack, when gens a Co March 9.10 aM. aaw a large snip ashore on Ro,-iau Indiana. Y. .uttc J DID Beach, beading to UV southward, bad painted ports foremast lndnaa, Y.UOS. Bumu..-.. Sueei. and a* ar- •' re- r- 4«c --O"U"VMaiagorta Ba» Harrtel i-ewn h*-n<»«r»-jood*"! Heexon have been merely to create prejudice towards book whichOmhines audi infamous and abominable when Hanley drew a knife and inflicted several frightful Btop Devonshire, Anderson, London and Portsmouth f eb 11 brigTLeghorn, Tboaaaa. Maiannastienee ssaievoier.ee rrqnire* a special trafl and occasion aeond purpose for which the suggestion was made may be—in s'.l my reading In any language, there exists no jure the horfit8, Martin undertook to regain the lines, ,.1Ar-wfetT*?L I may do this her*after duroig the present ennvaod—n3tthe people of the South, for among the unbsp atrocity of doctrine with such superlatively eiMv and in- wouudo upon Martin. He continued to drive aowe dis- with mdae and IS yeeaengere to ». K Monran. On the out*ard py jjciderii3 0fthtocontroveny,the most deplorable one conceivably absurd absence of all reason (Groat tance further, until a favorable opportunity offered, wiien -nesage June* tiuaoohrwa, ataman, of London, while aiidtngnow Sjfflee'.t for me new m s ^ that in mv humbleN«*ETfl*nt,theckri;, ot tne country who have" unwis;!eseued Jpen this uuestino. and wh.. htve mnte i aad as vw-re. hounded oa the demons of discord rn the land.have, in the* anieruking to wield the weapons of carnnlWtr,^rL' ^°be m°l": a *f m te rebgior. than good, by the these acts whJcb belong nther to the condition of en«-recoil of the very weapons which they hive attempted to me-t than of a people of a common country. Hire heard enough of the unparalleled, of the inconceivable ed the hack, and drove ti •• horses Into the city, passing aaeUneMyrtle, from Porto Rico tor Et Johna, BF. and son* Kortr Ik «or t-s p.ant Freneh NYork Cld bark IsBteeoae,aneW « Applause.; But let that past- W a u l propose then gentlomec, ia the capital, the political capital or the her Tbe erew had barelv time u> get on board the IVroeaaire steamer locust t»igt Barriet Adte, Havana: L T Btalght, especially now to d»v -m to the pohtfes! relation of th's ferocitv of its opinions and language. It te au eihoria tinough the streets at a fearful speed, anl almost denao (tee Miscel) Tbe De^ooiOure was up to the Hoc* on tbe .to. Young. Cardeaasrepubhean party. All the rest to toother and prunella Hon to civil war, servile war, social war, total and radi- iithing the hock and injuring the horses. A warrant was but it being thick weather, and no. having obtained a puo-, 1ark (abagreat qaestton—to xasssder whether. In fa a or In truth (Laughter ) Tato to its r^utical capital—abolition propo cal revolution, blood and carnage, in all the Southern procured, and officer Clinton arrested him in a liquor store hauled off shore . M —m, rORrBM^l'TH March 6—Arr rtoctaarBl,of all is, thie dissolution of friendly ties between the poo- down the maintnpmaat backstay, fell overboard and was to*:. «iffirfcSaTK^^«*'.srt'W''S'''pto U the Northern States which so many meu preach— Vaogh'er and applause ) It seems to me, In reflect Martin threw him off the back He then drove the team FebBj lal 44to. Ion*3, aignnliied ebv Paiar Marcy, Thomp- Btog on that book, thai at cvei y page It gntMiies its teeth thto tentimeat of secUonal hostility, these expressions and at you like a hj.no— (laughter)—or, what ahall I say,to the Half way House, whither Hanley followed him and where he severely chastised Martinson, from New Orleans tor Liverpool. S'K. lal 43 24, Ion 4* 15, saw abtp Raatport. MorriD, from Charle»U)t: for Liverpool. March 2 lat 43 IOD 61, in a dense 'eg, came to coUanaei wtth Be bn1^liAnTia !?!!' MarehT-ArrBr i n , Uec WS'^an. Doaan,WTipresaibie oaniloV—ttto premisoe apon wh ch tt pretended foundation beyond, in the allegation that they force or ftoae—it will hove it. Haw to ft to hovettr» assumed—to my topic that eveausj. (App^a«^) coincidewtththeeenttmentsofthaOK*-"**? rePuB: Thatbocktothefirstthatundertakestopresentopracti thai Idea you know has for Ms rheaa"distinguishedpoliticianoftheFtreiwardoftheBear auisrewe tBri, Bomkey, Hablax, tl oaja, wtoih^ure3GerJia3e. OampbeU,Cherlawnw,4dare,•*»mvNYork A L Packer, Hammtogwo}. do: etoop Jane Grant, I-hookdo.RC>CaU^iro,Maceha-*raiBehreRBPtoaPes«aa.I^Bnow,bravs like an ass. Boisterous laughter.) You hoveHanley, getting possession of Martin's overcoat, mount-PORTLaNi^ 5ols»es' Hc4e «"-. Fairdeater Devereaa; Foaee. PR, Ocean be... -"-la. . .neapot. tor SYork,emporium of America, and can find plenty of friends in or inventor—or hT not Ms author or is- lie-aye. the fathOM, the M N n , tta * * f « ° | cal solution of that question. All these visionary , realtor- anri cat of thto city to half him^ I k ^ Z ^ n S - , C»*rlem*BdeJ».wWBB»V 1caary. Aasesne, ttta; B MaUwtokie French. Lvon Furbtoo;Qm the republic i they ore continually quoted to us sg M s ] brained abaUuenteta, who parade ap and down the coun-vector, its soar, consp'caoas expositor—him who theautUowoftl*abolitionogaukoat apon whlchjhto ol try with their imaginary, self-conceited, eolfsuf Martintesobadlycat andwounded thathit physicianto, to troth, s resjcvseritatlve man and the exponent toned confilet between the North sad South la based. The Sclent ombitcence aad omnipotence—(laughter j—all would not allow him to leave hto bed to-day, so that Mr.ton.toMefTsa^Bo^ <to^( M#wHavenI.*eat Emery, At^reara Robtoaaav.riteaoae.Jsaiaan-,and Paliaa. French. 5York. CMxer Drtekwater WVtottor-on NO. BT MaBKS. fwb 84—Ckt brio *iwaan*e Mwaro, NYork, *r Bteanor,Towweead, do; * £ . toraa Oellto, aahbv•, ao ana_JMoxtoy. Jr. Halm fona NYork r.Koyea. for do Ms eehr Patea*ay.of h« party I mean Ms. Wantons H dsward—(apti.auseanal hisses' for some time}—who assy be the standard jivoaed as cntertshung the aaaao oganiom U t us reflect • o solution Abolish' obolwh' say Okay; but no prospect of a fair show for the penitentiary, it not ClintonHanley will be obliged to spend this day to jail, with the bearer of 1MSparty in the ejqpswaofeabf contest for pessen upon the matter a moueaot. Were those eanM ernottons solution bow to do it, unless it be te pomt eoeaetimes, by prison. It to about time that such larks should be>»«Tr*t of Washington, Jefferson, Mad toon and Henry are these outside agitators of atovery, hove given oeTws Mcanrjurs or Da. Kxrrr Hnra—The Ocato (Fin )rtfneei! to make aay atotemeBt iBtphcottog omwre l ^ »Bo* 222228 e h r 9 ^ 2 ^ f£mt afareaanx 3 dare!£r_Li'riter are.stewtwBZLOW1 bark aad 1 briga WteddurtogtaedoyNioNW.SAILED Bhtoe Comet, *an Freoeieeo *(arkwbarkLauraRues, "•'"• ^* »^aaaF^Ooou%hB:tela morning, and sunk i t forty -fiveJaambuco Feb 6 for Boston, pji m tor a bareor.In port at 8 AM, achrs J W Slcaer»on. K*c«*^ "-J *T ? ^total ken TteSCsn»taMratote,ratolAl.btiiliHn aBBTP C.BOBCIA, MeLooe. at Bovaaneh from LtverseoiJan 3u. tot SO, ton 9, eneouuiarad a moat tearfui ante ti*m~ wet*want aurstgwnses aae receivea some aamage te sella AcMOBILE. March 8—Arr snips America. Howe, and City ofBid 2d. anipa Tleonde Cntou. U't-bard. and Cmuatedt Tereaita. Hamilton. Rugertoo,Providence.NORFOLK, March?—Aar ateamthit- Mount \eroon, BunA,I'enaacola.'tcbr hverglade, roga, Woodbury Liverpool: Arkwrtobt Davto Havre. Vi Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 