 iSt. Leva, Jaly 31,1869. of McMarray,atomatoimtai Motion granted tatThe Sam* w. 919 coats o fcurious that a s s been beforefhjatrc*announcestkatajBarrage celebrated between MBe, Truchu, tbeprTlTSd *1the meeting « « » oalle1 to order about eight of type metal. Under these circumstances it a ill be im- the band play teg. At Saady Hook the eighty torn anchor o'clock by Mr. Henry Baldwin, who, after briefly stating possible to publish an edition of the Irish A , ' this1 w sasnlit T JlffbaJ^E S$m^jLX£??Xaiaaaa|to tesawaaaTa, aaT3afS MS^^SZ tbeto port. The kufc 4. April 6, tbe Helta 9aow, Nye, from do.,• WMd-to port May7,ship gesao. Aprii 2 ,Thevakof thethe eftect of rousing awcifcaeaeoidiery.aadit b ^ m contemplation for one view of tbe great steaa, « • * * * * * * £ " * •divided, UM mewtheStateaingo,ttftlilUwre afurtherdo-secured with block havingtunetheHighland slightairabie to take advantage of the miBlary eathnsHsw aroused •footondock, in our midst by tbe exhibition of the remarkable discipline and drill attained by _ af Chicago, the otto,ato- ZouaveCadet.I thereforeanxioustodoallinmypower Tidedbelow,emaccountoftheiatoxicatieaof towardstaleend, --tallybecausetheZouaveuniform, while aidmgmat to introduce into the service the habitual practice of tactics of "Hardee, "will brina*forwardfromdvtllife ofthatgreatatomofintel-insured.„iOaael.rm***to. tow,Jio.,wjn! The Pike's Peak empred*. w * h dates »o July I S , litisafteraooa,bhngiftf tbefoUowtogjiCmr.July»,IMm. Iftfiftiroccurred la C-lfbrna Qelchf a maa aaaed Smith,stream on toe fire, but assisted the other firemen, andTl«reLniv«aSfi4eBoaoftme familyarereapeetfnlly laraa.theeouasryafed hisown «osnpl*u re«Beaday) Jfteraoon, M three o'clock. Brie^Tt,<^,«a4«aa»Beld,K.J.,ty,lifcnri ,whiletopursuitofhaaria,who ladm awaywtihamanearnedCurtis.Smithiredat Carta, toitftuMed him a«4 wounded bit wife. Carta reJltoitTe.killMtatotthlMUftttjr. Devlin,aotortousitaUMDartSoottdiffiealttosia. and .Josei* LaJerty had a shooting aRray iCitylast3etto4ftf-,towhichDevlinreceived i from Laflerty'• pistol. The latter was tried by aicourt,andarerijrtofjustifiable homicidewagEast evening an aoctioBeer named M. Hadley,m wit* sod tw o chuarenj ia Gsleabtrrf, I1L, was igaily »aot and killed by: a barkeeper named Wm. Bates, formerly af Chicago, bat recently from Rock Island. Jtota it ia custody.James Gordon, formerly from Boston, b a t latterly fromday,July29,ofeoaaomptaB,Mrs.NuamsAnas,vrbwIIW»l .II[|[|l.p|pw^swa——-^*BBBBBaammHtam__-i_ship LisfSSTlfrtittfbrifAgateforft Shegetoverthebar to Ike bar last evening.,July IV-***-arttheir CM. « a iaanaamble «•P.M.(atwhichli-hersoftbeIrukJV*«,whoseformoft.S*took place last evening, at 481 which was ready for press on Tuesday morning, the A. Gatbne. Joaa *.flarrra,oaly SOBof tbe late Colonelorcopy.BIBDSALL—AtOtefo. OilNebraska, who has hitherto enjoyed the reputation of a necessities of the excursionists. All gave up their apart-this communication, I speak simply my own views, not knowing what wiU be the oplaion of the Commander in Chief, as he Boot in town. On his return I will inform you whether he concurs with me. Tours lespeotf ully,F. TOWNS&ND, Adjutant General.you will oblige Jexr 30,1990.FANNY SMITH.late Dtvie Bethune, Esq., of this city.Her friends, ant those of her son. Rev. Dr. Bstbaae,and tnoae of her sons in.law, tba Rov. Dr. MeOartee, of this city, and tbe Rev. Dr. Duffleld, of Detroit, are invited to attend the funeral, tnis (Wednesday) afternoon at three o'clock, la tbe Presbyterian oharch, fifth avenue, corner of Nineteenth street, (late Dr. Alexander's,) without morepeaceable maa, shot a barkeeper o a e night tort week arhiie on a spree, serioaaly wounding turn in tbe leg. t » fnday evening he threatened to shoot several per-Boas.and wasonlyprevented from doingsobythein. of bystanders.! Later in the night ho attacked :Germaninasa'oan,and after maltreatinghim,ments freely, aad thsy were occupied by strangers. Funny scenes transpired on board during the night Dancing was commenced at twelve o'clock, but it was of aa entirely impromptu character. and not participated iaby ladies.Considerable excitement prevails inthislocalityeon-corning the arrival. Crowds of people are going off to see the ship, white numbers of boats from Philadelphia are on their way with visiters. It is estimated, that eight or tea thousand people will visit the ship to-day.She leaves here at six o'clock to-night, and will reach New York about six)o'clock to morrow morning;—The Galwaf SteaBBaaia ton naught. Bonos, July 31,1860.The Galway steamship Coanaaght will not leave here until the 7th of August, when the repairs to her machine- ry will b e thoroughly completed. She is a magnificent vessel, and is expected to compete favorably with the deetest and safest ocean steamers afloatTBEThe Exciterm n t I n Virginia— Tin Prince particular notice.hisbrains o a t Next morning s meeting of the i called and nearly $100 was raised, and parties loot in all directions ia pursuit of Gordon, whoI nave thai day referred the question of Zouave flank corps to the division board, with recommendations in their f tvor. Call upon General Sandford to morrow.FRED. TOWNSBND. Captain Amnmrmr then rose and said he supposed a few words would doubtless be expected from him, as his name bad been somewhat intimately connected with this movement. His object in starting the movement hadbeentoair upa greater degree ofenthusiasm in the New York State militia, which waa, he was sorry to say, with but one exception, found wanting. He then ex- plained the system of drill which would be Introduced, combining Hardee's tactics a n d McLeiland's bayonet e x - ercises. After stating all present must bear in mind that to attain tbe same state of efficiency aa the Chicago Ca- dets, a greater amount of bodily labor aad fatigue would have to be borne, aad he would have all bear this fact in mind before enrolling their names. Captain Atterbury resumed his seat amidst loud applause.Lieut. CorPDiGXB, in answer to seme remarks b y one of the gentlemen present, explained the militia law of this State; and then went on toCHATMAN—Suddenly,onSunday evening, Jaly SB, at naif past nine o'clock, of inflammation on the lungs. At. nav F.CHATHAM,aged46years,6monthssad4days.The relatives and friends of tbe family are respectfully invitedtoattendthefuneralfrom hislateresidence,No. 513 Sixth avenue', this (Wednesday) afternoon at oneo'clock.(Wednesday). Ia itspageswill befound,among otherthings:—Am Account of the Excitement in Virginia aboutthe Raising and Cutting Down of a Lincoln and HamlinPole at Gocoquan; A report of the Progress o( the Prince near Gates avenue, Brooklyn. The friends of the much President of the Goodhue Fire Insuraace Coatpaos, Re w fork.dacovercd entrenched with a party o f friends inTort Lnptoa. twenty fire miles down thePlatte. He Jtoalry made his escape, after baring his hone shot and faces himself wounded.A J . Williams, preaiitesfc of th e Dearer Town Council, mad Dr. Kennedy, of this aity, were found at Fort Laptoo, and are under arrest for sBsistiag Gordon to escape. They trere old friends of Gor-u o s, sad m y they were sent toaneet htm there and ta*e dharge of his papers, as ho was expected to be shot or twig. One party ia looking for Cowan came npoa another party, who, foaling guilty,fied tor the river. Jessie < 'grtfa escaped by swimming the ri-war. Frank Mulligan, in attempting the same, was drown- td, flam Duns was taken prisoner with throe mules and BOgaearms. Ggden and Mulligan were from Wisconsin.rsoa PSTCB acLAVcrixM, is<i, sew roexI have treat pleasure a aertlfvtag to Dr. To* Bowbiiskar's greatskill. Ihave beendeaf for a leas; iwe,andaoeeDr. CIXRF. —In the city of Brooklyn, on Monday, July 30, V.HI Bosch/inker operated oh me I can bear distiartly Haand Dana from Champalghe county. 111. Dunn says the Private letters reeeiTed here confirm the announcementDartmouth Colleges; Letters from our London and Para Correspondents, and the Latest News from Sicily; Inte- resting intelligence from California; The Chicago Cadets— theirChallengefortheMilitaryChampionship,andits Acceptance by the Columbus Guard, The Local News of New York and Vicinity of Importances Reports of the Cattle, Provision and Money Markets, and all interesting news matters of the preceding week.Templar Lodge No 203, F . and A. M., are requested to at- tend his funeral, from his hue residence. No. 210 East Twentj--third street, at tw o o'clock, t b a (Wednesday) afternoon.>FJ-PSR—InBrooklyn,onTuesday,July 31,JOSBPHEL nss. aged 39 years.The relatives and friend.- of the family, are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from bis late residence, 53 Tallman street, Brooklyn, on Thursday afternoon, at two o'clock.EVA>- —On Tuosday, July 31, MARIA Iorr*.\, infant daughter of John H. and Maria L Evans, sged 1 year, 11 months and 10 days.The relatives and friends of the family, are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from the residence of herper you can nse my name.With grrst respect,Tour obedient servant.ROBERT BAGS, O WiE area.New TOBK, July 11.1S00. FromOEORGR GORDON. ESQ . NEW TORE.Dr. Ten Moschzisker operaxed oa mv ear* for (Ssatfaeas to*my entire sathtfaction. In a few days I was perfectly restored. and without inornvenienre or ioterrupttoa to baaneav I have mnch pleasure a recommending him.GEO. GORDON, tt WsU street.HEW YOBB, June aVM89.DR. TON MOSCHZKEIR.the well knownEFBOPEAN OCirUBT AMD ACBTSJInventor of tha EAR VAPORIZER, which restores the bear-males were stolen as tbe <a»ly means by which they could (St back to the States.There is a rifilacce committee organized in this city, Composed of the ablest and most law abiding citizens, 1byoathtosustaineachotnerinferretting bringing to {xinadanemt tbe murderers and thievesfey whomB thaisl co«untry is how overrun.Mining news is ^.rcportant. The weather is warmmad showery.—• + -Movements tor Mr. Dowar las. amenta o fCescoan, N. H . July 3i,I860- tor. Douglas loft Montpetier this morning, and arrived ml Concord a t half past three o'clock this afternoon. H e was loudly cheered at the several stations on the route. A great crowd, beaded by mar bands of music, sad s p m s t o a of carriages turned out to receive him here. Tela passed through the principal streets to Ike StateHouse yard, where be tpeke for over an hoar.Mr Douglas, after thank tag bis friends for the recep- tkm, referred to the Lecompton constitution, and said the attempt to force apo* sn anwllling people s constitu-tion they did not like, was violating not alone the demo- cratic creed, but the American creed also. If tbe people -wanted to make a slave State of Kansas they bad theright to do so. Every republican in Congress voted with bun (Douglas) to admit Kansasss a slave State if the peo- ple so desired it. Now t i e republican party denouncedfor advocating tie identical principles theyvotedfor.Thepresident claimedtherigh to control his vote, asdf that was tbe origin of their quarrel If tbe Executive was permitted to direct athat the subsidy of' tbe English government to tbe Gal- state that the drill of the Chicago Zouaveswhichwas106,302bushels:thismakesatotalof1,062,- 869 bushels grain sn store.stood upon WM the right of tbe peopleto make their own! law? and to establish Flour firm, with s fair demand: sales 1.000bbls , at8, 12, 13, 76, 37, 3, 6J, 62, 49, 1, 19, 52, 11. the residence of her parents. 63 Vandam street. FFtakes tbe stump to divide and defeat tbe party thatelected him. The principle that he (Mr. DouglasBrrraio. July 31—6 P . M.a merchant vessel about t e sail for Europe. The met o f Men's arrest having been communicated to the author! ties in New Orleans, Sheriil' Martin, of the pariah of Pla-MAYRHOKBR—OnTuesday,July31.attbeBellevueHos- FF FFFFFpital, JOHN MAYRborsB, a distinguished officer under Kos- F F F F Fsuth in tbe Hungk-iaa revolution.3evefvcer held a levee, and s consider able q- antitv of fire works ware let oil.gales 16 000 bushels at 89Sc. a 90:. for No. 2 spring, and 98c.a81forNo.1Iredinstore.Cornsteady:sales30,000 bushels at 42>xC. a 42?^c. in store. Oats firm. Receipts— 400 bbls. flour, 69,000 bushels wheat, 131 COO bushels corn, 3.500 bushels oats. Shipments—800 bbls. flour, 26.000 besbels wheat, 114 500 bushels cor:, 12 000 bush ehoats, freights(dullat4#c cmcorntoBun'alo. Sight exchange on New York at 1'« per cent premium.bing John Holman, of No. 21 Leonard street, of tbe sum oftivecento.Thecomplainantsayshewasstoppedbythe prisoner in Hudson street and told to deliver up all the money be had about him. Holman, who wan dead broke, said he had nothing but a tive cent piece, whereupon Wade, it is alleged, took the coin from him by force and violence, and started off with the same The alarm be- i n g r a i s e d , p o l i c e m a n L y o n s , o f t h e E i g l i t h p r e c i n c t , h a s -Ia tae evening Mr. LThe fifteenth annua] sehsioa of the New York StateTeachers' Association commenced in this city to-day. A tleast six hundred teachers, are already here, and thenumber is increasing eveijy hour. A t eleven A . M., Mr his wound Sprigings and Sheehan, it appears, were M c E U i g o t t c a l l e d t h e a s s o c i a t i o n t o o r d e r . P r a y e r w a s o f - d a n c i n g o n t h e p l a t f o r m , w h e n t h e f o r m e r , b y w a y o f aS t e l a w a y <v Sons*The friebds and acquaintances are respectfully invitedfered b\ Rev. Mr. Clark, of this city, and the teachers were welcomed to tbe city byrthe Mayor, Hon. A Wescott, madbyHon.J.Peck,1'residentoftheBoardofEducation, tor.McEUigott responded to the addresses of welcome mad then proceeded to deliver the regular annual address. The association then adJo rued to two o'clock P. M.TheNewYorkSlateAssociationofSchoolTeachersalso held its annual meeting hire this afteraoon at two P. M.AFrRRNdON SESSION.Mr. E C. Pomeroy, of B4tuk>, in behalf of the Committee,ofwhichhawasChairman,presentedareportupon ma enJforrn system of schools for tbe State, together with »awMlofresolutions earnest!yurging tbeadoptionof Backas.stem,which,afttreonsiderablediscussion,were totoftoaDr. Lambert rubtoitusarepcrt an.!resolutionsinfa- vor of legislative appron^ixttens to Teachers' Institutes, recommending a committee to solicit tram the legislature 9£M for e.M.h Institute tb*| coming year. Adopted.KVRSIHo SESSION.<Mr. Water submitted sireport and reeolutioos uponthejoke,drewapenknife fromhispocket andcuta slitinhis companion's ceat. As soon as Sheehan discovered th etrick that had been played upon him, be, too, drew apcnknifefromhispocketandmadea pass atSprigings,intending.',nodoubt,todonofurtherdamagethancuttingthe latter>clothing: but, unfortunately, by an unluckymovement on the part of Sprigings, the blade of the wea-pon came in contact with hisabdomen, doing him a fatal Oae of the Moat Extraordlaarw Caacs of tnmry Sheehan.whenhesawthemischiefhehaddone,A Valaable ConsistingofagoodField,CampormarineGlass;asalso.ne PocketTalcscopes,olgreatpower,canbefoundatSEMMONS A CO.'S, ©pueiiiua, under the Lafarge House.Tae Barska St-windualifleaUoaa of teacheri which elicited a warm dierus- occurred. Yerd:Accidental death.''raosi A Womow.—CoronerPARREL. HKRRINO A Co., Philadelphia. HCBRIHG A CO., New Orleans.mioa, bat waslaid asidefortbetime togive planeto the ardor of the evening,,w»:ch was au address from Henry Siddle, I * , Asaatsnt Sc^mleadaat of tbe city of New 'York. His subject was tbe fundamental principles ofKILLED B Y F bald an inquest upon the body of 00 years, w h oGamblei secured.asascience. TBieaddresswas1istenedtowith window. DeoW h e e l e r o» \ \ i U o u s S e w i n a . J t a c h i n < - . — Ofiice58iBiaadway,N.T.,sueatioa by at ieast a thousand teachers of tbe State,sadasma1dearamiforciblenpoaitwaofAdjourned to aiae o'clock WednesIke Zouaves drilled at faintgJantoManMk ****** tlmsaBp gtof mWimM" f l l l f a l W BBasa^HtoaawmXlt^WPu'r^•fi^anawoaaas^'aaw^w^of liquor at theThe of anBisFiaeShirts,fB.MOODY'S Shin Manufactory. K3 Broadway.rVLD SCHIEDAM SCHNAJTa. yjm rases,thraeyears Fer-sale bySfSIE1 a s UK<SUH for throwtog,iefarprivateasVDQLF HO WOLFE,8 Beaver areet.July U, 1M0. this afternoon.I t h e p e n d e n c y o f t h i s a p p e a l , , a n d w h i c h h a s n e t argued Perkina bat tofleo, and bis aaugoee was Sstototal to h a stood; J. W. Jankias died, and Batato JULYJI-—* Pbmtt»•UttwmetW.rttaaaatoiatMelntoah,ofVernon,aanhataatadasattorney.John to additioa to costs made oa all is dead, and soother party to substituted to bto oftbecreditors. Allowancetobeincludedin stoad thedefendantWarrenmdead,andanotherpartyD y t - U t h e B * - * « i aOB d a y .WSB, by tha power ot aa* maa, '-throw water v theright gaOoas per avauta afty teat» jjrh with <reit torce. U a toa best artfto awer l* i aa*J totElTISOfLSHlNO A FIR.E. PROTECTINGAROOF rBOMTAEIN.KIR*' WASHTHG WIJO'WSSPRlNaXIN* PLtWTf..WtTREIHO t»A»Dfr.HCtJCANSINO TmRRR floM INSKCT>WETTING t!lHWW/ fjg. <tL tRTRTNLINO Jf**JEt* WASHlNtt CARR tAOBJI. a St.Thaartlcte aaould he, owned iaw SAW? hw^h-.tv. aaay wVhmaaiiiaam*/ of a h-e-s«. M u m •• form pua*. arway* -ready aastry wssA, «a4 will -^w .,neat us* by*va*T farmer, a*rc*>a and amcaao--A The drill w a s ly. Tbe Zoaavea receiveofJudgeaction'only, another action havingin the treatment of B "^.^fru,,*, aad ail "Uf<Zteas* militarymen. This tie iearafraawahexhibitiona ftheir drill a t t h e they will leave^gggf^lg't*?:atCape•ay. CAM MAT,J«fyfit,1MB.CocffBHAHarm,Cam tola, JulySI,MM*. arrived here this morning at seven attack, and to •totoaafi about seven arttat from snore.kooaaada are en board, and tbe eawston is re as one of the mate tamlBfactory that ever leftCi*wOneY ork.to a Zoo**** company to this city. The movement originated with Ce/**^ Atlerbury,and Mr. Hoary Baldwin, K" O withCompanyEoftheNinthregiment.The- A t St. Peter's church. PeekskU. cm Monday, Jaly; byr the BRev E. Roberts. WOUAB C Joarcoa to " laughter of the lata Major A- A.Nearly three fourths of the includingaaayladtea,moft ha pertBoo«*r.—At her lata reaUsmce ia thiscitv, ooTboxsmottobehad washing werepaid for a glass of anfull.tbetbemajority, andeven(acuitiesforly ignored. Twenty-five cents was vaded by mffltarj'jmt, but upon whom.werereturnedwasthattheywerenotwanted,themaneger having ordered mare than they had occasion to use.Baowai—On Suaday, July 99, EDWARD JOWB SOBof Daniel B. and Irederika Brown, aged t years and 99 days.•lakerran*pecole^lahavebeeakirtos, bat prevaus to tMs _Abottomminutesafterseven washightide),andhad twobet»^Strl^y1**^-0*Vataeedar,July19.bytbemee.It waa replaced, when tbe to)toosmallforthesable,tbe pulled oat by Ike weight of thethe bow of the vessel tremendous!v Booth and light,rek of threeat half past eight P .M . A t thisseen,andtherewasa ,batasplendidmoonlight overAdjutant General Townsend, in answer to ceived from to him oa the subject of forming a Zouave corpsinthiscity:—AmmanOaaaaux'sOmci,\ m. . m, . Ssuurr, May « I860, jHMBT BALOWIIT. Bso., M WaB street, Bew fork -ma-la asawer to w ar rmwinlmUluu making inquiry whether tbaloaave tuuiona would ba repugnant to the Statedrport, **The provisions also out, ice waterBar remains ware taken to aaatamaafc, M.J.,far lev Informed us that this was a mistake. Tbe reason they termentto drink, and oae dollar for a ba-prevails, aad a largo number of to-nightbywayofPbuadel-waetaar ht peas, or war, so mi •aoce of tae liberties which barekaasmstometobepropertopermitone mod unsaekvto be attached to the flank•be aSerrvicaen.,aecaoonrditnaglto Haardnee's uc- basslotalreadytheecomplaematentofeompamea ittheseZouarecorpa,faa< totheirthe rsgiment. should te thoroughly per f e c t e d i na a a k k n n o o w w l l e e d d g g e e o o f f t t hi e e a a k x i i i r m i a l u a g d r i l l ( p a g e 1 7 1 a n d foliowirihnugt, voL 1. Hardee),tino orderuthat taey mav be dependedas theskifmishmg companies of their raspeettve reci meets. By this means I am saasoed that the service will achieve for itself a great advance; but. the only thing which stands in tae war of accomplishing * u the seeming violence to the iwcnkaons ia the matter of uniform; sttll I should advocate the organization of these corps, with tbe temporary permission to wear the Zouave uniform, trusting to the next Legislature so to modifythe regulations as to render turh uniform legal. In By giving this a place in the columns of your next issue 92d year of her age, Mrs. JOA.VS;A Bamxraa, widow of (beA n I n d i g n a t i o n m j w t t i i g w a s h o l d o n b o a r d t h i s m o r n - ing. denouncing the Whole affair as a gtgantia swindle.Moat of the members of the press were op ail night, with oae ar two exceptions, one of whom slept ia a sheep pea with a New York detective.The directors on board were evidently unprepared forthe emergency, and did all ia their power to alleviate theTO THS KDITOB OF THK KBBALD.to your tome of tbe 28th of June, in noticing the ex-Sammit,New Jersey, em Monday, July 30, WM H. Bsti, in tbe 37th year of his age.ia simply the light infantry tactics of Colonel Hardee, together with some extra movements introduced by ColonelEllsworth. HesaidItwasnottheirintentionat present to introduce any change in their dream, ta do which the sanction of the State Legislature is necessary.Mr. Comn said be was desirous to form an independent organisation, on the plan pursued by the organization known as tbe Liadsey Blues.Captain ArraRatntv said:—In that case their services would never be required by tbe Mayor and Commen Council in case of riot, and they would be little better than a target company.Mr. Coma offered a resolution that the proposed corps be an independent organization. Tbe question being put, tbe mation was carried unanimously.Ckftoto Anaaatiai said any gentleman desiring to con- nect themselves with Company E of the Ninth regiment, he should be glad to see them next Tuesday evening, when his c unpenv. will c immence to drill as light infant ry, or Zouaves. »Acommitteewasthenappointedtoandssuitableroom Flour arm at $6 23 for superfine. Wheat buoyant; red to drill in.way line of steamships baa not been withdrawn.Boston Weekly Bank Statement. BoHToar, July 31,1800.Capital stock.Loans and discounts)....Due from other Dae to other basksCirculation ,Markets. rMiLAtoavnoA STOCK BOAED.$30,681,700 54,460,000 5 212AC0 6,901.600 10.363,700 19.296,600 6.848,800Tsaxs—92 a year; four cents a single copy.Subscrip-PaxtaaauBU, July 31, ISM.Stocks steady; Pennsylvania State 6 ' s , M 3 £ ; BeadingRailroad, 241 ;MomsCanai, 56l;; Long Island Railroad, 112*,. Pennsylvania Railroad, » ; » . Sight exchange on New York at par.serted at toe usual HERALDrates.Drawings of Fiance, Bromdbeata & Co.'s Delaware Lotteries:-?SaasEx COCSTY. CLASS 181, J e x r £ 1 . 1860.10, «l»74,70,16,27,52,34,14,8,60,20.COMSOLIDATEO LOTTIBT. CLASS 119, JOLV 31, 1803.68, 67, W , 2, 22. 20, 42, 21, 48, 64, 23, 72, 70.FRANCE, BBOADBENT8 A CO., Managers. Wilmington, Delaware.mornisg, at ten o'clock, without further notice. The re mains will be interred in Greenwood Cemetery.GAY—At Walpole, on Thursday, July 96, after a long and painful iiU.eE., Mrs. Bnait GAY,aged 81 years.Boston and De4ham papers please copy.HasDeBsoa —In Breoklyn, on Tuesday, Jul v 31, CBAKUB, inantlobofCarlesM.andSophiaE.Henderson,aged30 days. ,JABBKHOM.—On Tuesday, July 31, ELL» M. jABBteosr, in tbe 47th year of ner age.atSI90a9139;whiteat8190afl60. Cornscarceand wanted; yellow, 70c,, an advance of 9c; white, TSc Pro. visions steady; mesa pork 920, romp 815; bacon sides 12c. Whiskey steady at SDc.PtniADBU-nxi, July 31,1360. Klour dull and declined 12-tC. Wheat quiet; white, 91 26 a 91 36: red. $111 a $1 90. Corn scarce and yel- low in demand at 61c. Oats declined. Whiskey dull atThirty seven names were enrolled last even mg before tbe meeting adjourned.Police Intelligence.A FUGITIVE raoa Nsw ORJLSASS SEXT PACK—DominiqueMera,whowasarrestedinthiscityinthemonthofJune last, on charge of having murdered a Roman Catholic' priest nsmed Nicholas Savelll, in New Orleans some three years ago, was sent back in costedy of the Sheriff of thatTbe friends of the finnily are requested to attend tbe fu-neral, this (Wednesday) afternoon, st three o'clock, where a good tonic, such a* BostaMer* Stomach Bitters aBAITIMORS, July 31,1860.94 62K for superfine Ohio, 94 75 a 95 for extra Wiscon-sin and Illinois, and 96 a 90 29 for extra Ohio and Indiana. quemine, repaired northward, and, armed with a requisi-Royal Havana JLotterjr—No*. 47.74M, MILLER—OnTuesday July 81.atBye, atthehouseof 15,235. task 18,034. 17,647, drew tbe five capital prize* In tae John Gr.itin. Esq.. FLUAB MJLLSB. of White Plains, aged drswuig of June 28, 1860. Pri7.es cashed by aeasra. CHASK A 78 years.CO., Bankers. 23William street. New York. Circulars sentBALI.0CS PATENT IMPROVED FREXCH YOKE SHIRTS.Patented November 1, 1339.HEW STTLE OF SHIRT, WARRANTED TO FITSentbyexpresstoanypartoftbeUnitedStatesuponreceipt, per mail, of the following measures, which will insor* ap*r> feet(St.for$13.$18.$18an!SSIperdozea. NOorderforward- ed for less than half a dozen thirta. The measures are a* fot- lows:—institutions to suit themselves. That was tbe principleof tbe revolutionary war democrats, but it is now saidthatCongresscanpass(federallaws,notlocalsaddo-mesticlaws,forthepeopleofaTerritorywhohaveequalTights of self government* and who went from the oldStates where they bad those rights. Whvshould they kwe them) in the ferry boat cross- relabels wheat. 04,000 bushels corn. Canal exports— conclusion.lagtbeMissouri nvefT TbetimeofCongress would be lost unt.l the negro question was settled. In oonehistoo, be said this was tbe first time in twenty- seven v ears he had iookefl on a fight without taking a band in it. He was now fnjoying a holiday, speaking a little cist for exercise.Wheat steadv; sales 20,000 bbls. new red Ohio and In- diana,at9107a8108.Cornsteady:sales40,000bushels IllinoisandToledoat58c.;marketquietandpartiesaparttion from the Governor of Louisiana, took tbe fugitive in- to custody, and started home with him yesterday morn- ing. Itissaid thatthere isabundantproofofthepri-freeofezmsas*byaddressinga.Cavallo.careofO.Beau- saoat. New 1ora-The funeral w;!! take place from his late residence, White Plains, this (Wednesday) afternoon, at two o'clock, andfromupperMethodist church, atthreeP.M.Car risges will be in waiting at the depot. White Plains, on the »Js tram fropa Twenty sixth street.in the afternoon. Other grains nominal. Whiskey nomi- soner's identity, and that bis conviction is a foregone nal at 19c. Canal freights steady. Lake imports—10,000N o w R e a d y , BRANDBITHS QUINTESSENCE35 000 bushels cornL 83,000 bushels oatsOF SARSAPARILLA. THE BEST ARTICLE OF THR KINDMrBPHT.—On Saturday. July 30, JBAMRIX, relict or the Neck—The distance around it. To**—The measures from IBB points of each shoulder. Sleeve—The length from tbe cateJohnMurphy,ofBalyKelly,countyofDerry,Ire- ofthebacktothewrist,withtb*arm-bant.BreaaCBoBBixi A MA» OF F r o Ciana.—William Wade, a painter, who says he lives in Eighteenth street, waa Flour quiet Wheat quiet and tending downwards: taken into custody on Mondav night, on a charge of rob-InthemarketPRICE 50 CENTS PER BOTTLE.tM Canal street and No. 4 Union square. liraIIdreth's PillsARE EXCELLENT PURiiATIYE AND ANTrtlLUOUS PILLS.Those who use them retain their health and faculties in a most remarsable degree. Warranty imrely vegetable.land, aged 31 years. |The trends ef her sons, James and William, and ac-quaintances of the family, are requested to attend the fu- neral,this(Wednesday)afternoonattwoo'clock,from the residence off her SOBin law, John McDermott, No. 261%Weet Forty-third street, without further notice.MCLACIHAX.—(m Tuesday, July 31, at 26 Henry street, Brooklyn, MABT, daughter of Charles and Jane McLach- Ian,aged5yearsand21days.around the body under tbe armpit*. Wsirt Dtsfaac* I Also, tbe leorth of the shirt.By iienling the above measures we can guarantee a i ttofournewstyleoftheIMPROVED FREXFH TOKR SHIRT. Also, importers and dealers InMEN'S FURNISHING GOODS. BALLOC BRpTEWholesale orders solicited. No. 409Broadway. NewOOKS AND ENGRAVINGS BOUGHT. SOLD, 0 » Ex-beamin fcBl "~llfto^ d U i J .~n*rmiJ^fCnPta•MtoaaaaVa • stomal ftoaCaifsr,ofAlbany,aresubstituted The cost thustor a over 98.000.noon, at one o'clocka a a w o ic oroners'lnqaeats.ffFATAL RxsrtT OF SKVLAKXIM; —John Sprigings, the lad who was so severely injured while sky larking with Wm. Sheehan, in Jones' Wood, on Monday evening, died yes- terday m* rniog, at Bellevue Hospital, from the effects ofqoiettv delivered himself into the custody of policeman K^eart,oftheNineteenthprecinct,whowaspresentat the time and followed the officer to the station house. He fisnkly acknowledged that be stabbed Sprigings, but midtbeoccurrencewaspurely accidental, andthathe only meant to cut the injured lad's clothing. Coroner Jackman wasnotified of tbedeathoftheinjuredlad yesterday, but in consequence of the non attendance of tbewitnesseshewasobliged topostpone theinvestiga- t i o n a n t i l t o d a y .Bnuk-Qid Futr. CASUALTY.—An inquest w as held at Bellevue Hospital yesterday, by Coroner Jackman, on theLitisratloa on Uecortl. [From the Rome, (N. Y .) Sentinel.]The name of John Brown, of Harper's Ferry notoriety, is as familiar as household words to about every person in the land. His tragic hut deserved fate at Harper's Ferryhaspassedinto history,andwillnotbeforgotten as long as this Union shall remain. It is not with tne cri- minalrecordsalonethatJohn Brown's nameisfamiliar; upon the civil calendar his name figured years ago, and thesuit inwhich hewasembroiled promises to live many years to came. Some of the incidents connected w i t h t h i s c a s e m a y b e o f i n t e r e s t t o o u r r e a d e r s , e s p e c i a l - lythoseinVernon,whoknewJohnBrownwell;wethere- fore relate them.GreatFiraat PoaahMeepaie. July S . 1860.HERRINGS SAPi THE VICTOR. POUGHSKSPSIK, July 25. lStiQ.Excursionists car: ihus have Hew Turk oa Tbaraaay evoa- tng.enjoyanoceajrid*ol600mil**h*dagaaduigbtoatha Great Eastern, steamtog ap the Cbeaapaika by daiUgnt, ithe night In Bairbaafa, and reach Haw Tark Om PhusAi bvrailroadMondaya-rsamg,Attgtat1>CHICAGO. July 31,1860.The following Telegraphic despatch Mr. Baldwin on Monday last:—w a sreceivedb yFaJlILtBEaULD. — . . Havav BALDWIN,34Wallstreet,ALSAirr, July30,1360.Zouaves to this city has had ' rivalry la Ike breasts oftwe hundred gnallamis were pre- afuaedmasa to spare underthe Ska then started at full speed, regular publication day. was melted into a co•-fldifficulty, the keek of thetat the obteets of tbemeeting, read the following letter re- week. The property, however, weunderstand,wa» fullyso'daat dki'w*'"Chiefcanauthorizeaiiaifomtobewornbyanypartoftheageaa yaumt man who have mat jet bain very mueh per-WEDfTKIDAT,AtTCrtTSP1 , 18fle.changed, at the oid curiosity shop. No. 109 Hassan street. Morgan's Masonry for sale.CORNS. BUHIOHS. INVERTED HAILS. EHLABalHO Joints,andalldiseasesofthefeetcuredwithoutpateor Inconvenience to the pauexM. by Dr. 7.ACHARIK. 8unreoaChiropodist.700Broadway Referstophyaeausandsargeaos of the eityjfrom almost all porta of th e State. A n electoral ticket meat at current prices: sales of 9,100 bushels of Indiana at cinct,on Monday night, on a charge of stealing a porte- clem, thai, a cashier. Ac. A phrenological descripuon, care- wife of Peter L . Martling, aged 18 years, 5 months and Dfully written out, would settle the question and indicate the O TOC WWH TO HAVE ASPLENDID BEARD. OB AB r e e m i B r i d g emi w d L a B ei a Itodimmm.C O B V r B t l O Bo f T h o m a s a n d P a r t h e c i a M . M u l r y , a g e d 1 8 m o n t h s a n d f 3 days.The friends of the family are respectfully requested to How to Do It.—Merthants. wholesale attend tbefuneral,this Wednesday) alternoon,attwo\ broianorouH, July 31 1840. At the Breckinridge sad) Lane Mass Convent oa in this .city,today,from18,000to3),000personswerepresent,O s w x c o , J u l y 3 1 — 6 P . M .for extra State, 9 6 75 for tavorite double extra city capturing tbe offender. Justice Quakenbush held the ac-tbe running of a joint eiedtoral ticket, and cast tbe vote for Douglas or Breckinridge, whoever gets the highest electors! vote from otherf States. Senators Bright andfitch were among the speakers. H—The State Teachers' Associa Mom. siucrsx, N. Y., July 31,I860.bushelsofdo.at5|)ic.,and200bushelsotdo.onprivate terwaswalkingthroughLexingtonavenue. Yesterday 308Broadway,makeprivateexamtnatious. terms. Other grates quiet. l Canal freights steady ai 27c. morning the prisoner was brcuaht before Justice Quack-Whilewegaaeonthatdearface, Motionless in death's embrace. Though the bitter tears will come Let us smile for she s at home.The relatives and friends of tbe family are respectfully requested to attend the funeral, from her lale residence on Staten Island, this (Wednesday) afternoon, at two o'clock, *:thoui further invitationMCA.VAI.LY —1« Jersey City, on Tuesday, July 31, JAMESnaturally,usemyunguentwhichwil)forcetttogrowtnafew weeks, and will not stain or iajure the akin IPnce tr. Sold trf nearly all dealers R. G. GRAHAM. No. KJ9 Nassau street.FOR 8ALE-THE STOrK AND FIXTURES OF A fiEOAJL Confectionery anl Fru.i store, with lease of Store aad Dwelling, as the owner a engaged in other business. Ia.<clra st 2f;, t'armine street.>.ECKER*8 FARINA JELI.YT A DELICIOUS DRSSRmT.d o l l a r a i a s P h o t o g r a p h s r e d u c e d t o 5 0 c e n t s . 1 , 0 0 0 g o o f f Flour dull but unchanged: rales of 800 bbls. at 96 26 tened to the spot, and, after a smart chase, succeeded m daily at HOLMES' Gallery, 395 Broadway.brands. Wheat in fair demand, but held generally above the views of buyens. supply light: sales of 3.000 bushels ofnewredOhioat9112>i,toarrive. CornIngoodde mand for local use, while there is leas inquiry for shipcused to bail in the sum of 92,000 to answer. (JVICKWOOK—A pickpocket named IsaacGcanerwas arrested by policeman Hutchinson.of the Eighteenth pre-and retail, are often puzzled to know bow to place their em- ployes;whetherthismanwillmakeagoodsalesman;that,a good aTountant: this, a reliable aad trustworthy confidentialo'clock, from the residence of her parents. No. 227 West street.MABTUKG —On. Tuesday mornini. July 31. MARV'A.vx,mad a State Central Committee were appointed, to secure 63c., 18.000 bushefca of Illinois at63>4c. a 53,^c., 6,700 monnaie, containing 9*20, from Mary B. Lewis, as the lat- exact place each man can best OIL FOWLER A WELLS, No. 28 days. Sue mustache T If you do. aad your beard i.u". growon flour. 3c. on wheat,mad 7 .c. on corn. Lake imports— 3.200bushelsofcom.180bushelsofoats. Canalex- ports—I 573 bbls. vf flour, 5,900 bushels of wheat and T3.4C0 bushels of corn.enbut-h, at the Jefferson Market Police Court, and commit- ted for trial. A few hours afterwards, the case came up before theCourt of Special Sessions, when Gesnerwas eon vie ted and sentenced to four months' confinement in the Penitentiary. Only fourteen hours elapsed between the time of the arrest and the sentence to the Peniten- tiary.CHARGE OF EaBEiZLoncvr AGAINST AS A«.,E>T.—Thomas C. Spillet, an agent in the employment of Moses Hyler, stair rod manufacturer, of No. 84 Beekman street, was taken into custody b y officers Nevinjs and Fitxmaurice, o r t h e S e c o n d p r e c i n c t , o n c h a r g e o t e m b e z z l i n g $ 4 2 0 7 from hisemployer. Theaccused,itftealleged,collected the above sum from John Parr, hardware dealer, of No. 546 Kightbfavenue, and appropriated the same to his own use. Spillet wasbrought before Justice Kelly,atthe Lower Pulice Court, where he was committed for exami- nation.H e r r i n g ' s P a t e n t C h a m p i o n F l r o a a d Burglar Proof Safe*, 261 Broaaway, corner of Murray street.Mr. Perkins, of Ohio, was a wealthy person—some eight body of a German woman, named Jncopeen Keepler, who or ten years ago said to be worth 91,000JOOO. He enteredsaved us many a valuable paper, and our books, which would have been o. very serious matter to us to have lost.ASEBf-- A DCDLEV. HKBBIMS'S PATENT CHAMPION SAFER, tbe most re-v ^ ^MRALH AND RSr'RESHM^fTS win am fiveaabed a a moderate cha.'g*.STATTROOM BERTHS aNR DOTJUAR TITRA. Far* from Now York t*OU Raat, Korfca*nd.Fare from Maa Tarkto T ' FarefromoaPattoComforttoAAmapclasox. EECURSWH1STS MUST a « ON B0_JkD OA THURSDJA l l r a .Ticket* wffl he ready on. Tseaday a AAAaaa Eiprvaa C a .1 office, 5S Broadway, whs.a pa** of Btodied from tbe effects of injuries sustained on tbe 1st ult. bytheexplosion ifa fluid lamp. Deceasel resided at No 749 Third awenue. and it waa there that the accidentinto a partnership with J>ho Brown, and established acommission house in Spriagueld,Massachusetts,tortbepurchase and sale of wool en commission—the firm ad-vancing oBS-hah" or two-thirds of the supposed value ofthe wool taken to by them to be sold. A Mr. Warren, ofPittstield, Saratoga county, in this State, let Perkins kBrown have a large quantity of wool, upon whichPerkins k Brown made advances; the price of woolsoon went down, a n d Perkins k Brown claimedthat they had advanced t o Mr. W . some 99,000 more thanthe value of the wool they had of him; they brought suit againstMr.Warrentortheallegedoverplusadvanced:Mr. W. set up for tbe answer that he sold the wool outrighttopaintifk,andthatitwasnotasaleoacom-mission. The suit was commenced in 1990 by J. Wtoppl*Jenkins, them of Vernon, as attorney for Perkina k Brown;Timothy Jenkins was the counsel: the case was referred The Gramt Hastera S s m a t r to Judge Dean: tbe trial of the case occupied thirty sevenNO. 168 Wart Thirty eighth street,lp Brady, a native of Ireland, agedkiUed b y falling from a third story itappeared,wasundertheinfluence of the accident. Verdict. "Acciden-alsoheldaainquestuponthebody rar, about 50 years of age, who waaSI u»J iwwaril is sdll offered to vay person who can prove ?<J. M. TATRS, Baa,accidentally kill by betoc ramover by a stone truck inFifty fifth! Verdict in i• Third avenue, om Monday evening. with tbeabove facts.aaAfoba eaoreh.B a t c h * l o t ' a H a i rworld. Made, sold and'applied aaperoprtata at J a wtg taetory, 16Band stretf.si. at,es»,£».A,—Mo-Itothe '990,000, to worthless,come worthless also Co toe whole tb* case m one of toe4w»law aaatoB*T OawllrWI a* Vwaarin btogranted oapaymentof , and exceptions to be» Judge Sntherand., j*.P<ur O,«roa» sad «**•—\Mee- »«c.utvJbtHOiaxyWArsf^sad^CAamaewt. The Plllsar. for OATRaTTfe ***** water marked a each vhaet. AD^ b e refeene reported infavwr of the plaintiff, from tbe defeaaant appealed. '1a« aaaa *•,handpnw THR HTWRV 'ULTlakattatsdaad that thebailwhichthetow practise required him to give, is supposed to have he-ad.aad it a said that defendant's estatemost protracted andthe coattoto a long time.aad otbrr Cata ncoasitohsl the asaai treatment, are satogjaaBl A ill'l IIBM fill*' Baaas Who would be wiUio-il . " Look onasamaity. Ptorsecall aa* *Aaauae a * ara.-.. »•• >Ike ere ofdrnsfsu sell A Devot Ho.Saeekmaa areet.T RRVEH OCTATa, ROmEWOOD PT vale sale, the prppavty of atodyleaving will be Mid for %S» bsteatog «<v>i aa<» IaMuirjp m'TO We> T#ray «^a strttt. uc^. »iiU» »v,41Pa** i a;kAgeas watte* irjoaghoa! tbe Uaoe-J dn-pux AsaAa aahswaand a voung captain of tr the French army. Tbe subscr lotion which i u .Untitled Documenttheexarcal IltU'akUW, »«W •Ill)TbereatlreaiaadfrieoasoftheCamUyarereapectfuUy invited toattend the(bmaai, from the residence of ha A^Tsaaadanos. ~J"J*£* *+ parents, No. at Bfiatbareaue this(Wadsamaay) sfter-toomWveraod Wood. while theotoii oa thesw'asch. atrow, Thar* Rafcuag or astoraatoCAN HTDRCfraniiamc*rreturnfromCams—/»—••«_«, tktocay.beaoitofTjohB's dto*>.* ' ^ ^ " " • j T " J t W b a f . t h e mdTerttosmo/** of ttmaflatrTmi toaa Mawt Bcmmno Ur.—Anx'** **•theIreiaMasasustreetonMondayn i ^ '" *brtdVi father, Ga~ afDanto!6. stovus, Esq, to CuaAsara, ck, Esq., all of this city.to asmtornI t e v ^ m r S L a i * * * . acan have a o better d""*0**"*** <* * * • • " • «saaikwaa. A A say aaa Calatowto mamav atosai eimy.^ t otomdtoar m.toBfam> r»i»M „' festival to bekototo-daytor toe>ery Rev. Arcbdeaeoa MoCarrea, at tbe laalilmm <rf tin.THK Fata a .VASSAI- STRUT.—In speaking of the servicescfthedifferentfirecompaniesatthelatefireinNassaustreet,weaccidentallypassedoverHoseCompanyNo.9,whose members were on the spot, and helped to tbe moat mvn «^«o at^csd Jbe ftaaeral from tbo^eaieence of Mrs. spentarvean warts In a ,. energetic manner to subdue .the names. They bad no Mary »Hi Bisaett, W l Ooorord street, Brjokly n. this fWed- a* bM^sae iassessed ef theare worthy of their full share assistance they rendered.of praisefor tbevaluablepleaseCosiiciBB—InforceslaeooanaemwithtbaMregulation ifumanifestlyde of tbeGreatEastern,westated that threecartloadsof istbe79tbyearofherafe.I,wifeefMKhaetBirds*!!,fulthatheentered|*t»eorresponde^ eoanttv.whotookaupaaraealyandhavetabor** lyforitslutrodurtlo»,untilTBI PIBCVUir gTtTT rBOTECTlD SOUTIO.VPBOTOXIDEOTIBO» laiswhom,nevertheless, Theyhadorderedonethousand,buthadoaeforonly depends for tae mainte-our report yesterday of the departureday, July SO, Waaimrei Wasmattroaea arrived at the dock, bat could not be taken onboard, owing to the maker not having them there in time, andthattheywereleftonhisbands.Themakerofthe mattroaeatoquestioncalledatourofficeyesterday,and ofP.M.Bogert,inthe41styearofherarewSvJSSn^"**-***Afewy*ai« travethaaaShe was tbe mother «t Ausburn BtrdaaO, Naval Officer"us as a people. eight hundred. The gentleman wishes the correction - BrcxLar—Suddenly, ©n Tuesday morning. July31, Mrs. combtaed. so as to be held to21 >,c. a 22cFlourfirmerbutunchangedinprices.Wheatquietsad cityyesterday.Mere,itwillberecollected,escaped 61,32,41,31,75,10,33,72,20,70,73,53,36,30.atoneo'clock,fromhislateresidence,Sordonstreet,parties apart; sales 12.000 bushels now red winter Ohio at 9107a9108. Comopenedsteadybutclosedfirmer; sales 46,000 bushels at 50c. Whiskey nominal at 19c. Ca- nalfreightsfirmbutunchanged.Imports:1.000bbla.flour. 64 .C00 bushels wheat. 284.000 do. corn, and 2,000 do. oats. Exports—No flour; 29,000 bushels wheat: 47,000 do. corn.Circulars sent free of. charge, by addressing either to Stapieton, Staten Island.from jail in New Orleans,a day Or two before bis trial WOOD, EDDY A CO., Wilmington, Delaware. Belfast papers [will please copy.FF FFTT YT TT T T TT TT-TT TT TT TTTY TYTTYT T T T T T TSSS SBf SSSsss ssssss 8SHass sss ssssss sss BKSSBrepresentative how to vote, then h is power became thatofadespot. BehadhopedtheLecomptoncontroversybad been settled by the people's vote, but it was nowopenagainontbenationaltheatre. TaePresidenthadma right to nominate his j successor. Tbe President has The amount of oats in store was omitted last evening, a diligent search for the fugitive, and after several daysLITTLE—OnTuesday,July31,SARAHELIZABETH,daugh-BTFFALO,July 31—1 P. M.wastonavecomeoff,andafterwanderingaboutTexas OrtoWOOD,EDDTACO.,StLouis,Missouri.TT ter of Thomas and Mary L. Little, aged 2 months and 9 FTforabouttwoyearssetsailforNewYork. Information OaVcialDrawings ofHodges,Davie of his arrival in this city having been communicated to a Lotteries of Oeorate.—&days. FF FFFFThe friends of tne family are invited to attend tbe fu- PTFFneral,this'.Wednesday)afternoon,atthreeo'clock,from FFCaptain Seaman, of the Fourth precinct, that officer mad • CO.'8 ofwearysearchsucceeded inarrest.nghtmonboajdoCLASS397.Jci.rM.1893. HODOFJJ,DAVISA€0.,Managers, Macon. Georgia.made,asourfirststatementmight,perhaps,tahuehim In tbe eyes of business mem.HASHAHBVCKLSY,wifeof EdmundBuckley,ia tbe 87th year of berate.WepurposetoAs»uto«ba systematic dissaauaacou ofto*tBeroasaaaiMimaSmith,oftheDeafaadDamb t a t t o a .Iaatl-Her friends are respectfully inv«ed to attend her fune- ral,fromherlateresidence,No.433Sixthavenue,tba (Weemeaday) morning, at aine o'clock. Her remain* will b e t a k e n t o G r e e n w o o d f o r i n t e r m e n t .skaDbelearae* travagaat,wa psBpbbR of tem e n o f P e r u a a d t h i s _ speak from ezpeneaee.V oaraactiaawaseaases BBerednloBSorasaatlnftosendfora sease of the mom disi^uisaed w h o h a v e t e a s e d i u v a l u e a a dJOB* P . JEW Erf A CO.amination of the deaf and dumb pupils, you apeak of meas being " a voung person of Jewish descent, though nowconverted to Christianity," whish last I deny moat eraphatically. I am living with m y parents at Albany.Their faith a the Jewish, and they believe in the only New Jersey. ! ~and true Cat, and I believe as they do, and ever shall. Brrrrcsa—On tbe afternoon of Saturday, July 88, in tbeThe style of ouraew firm win beJOHN P. JEWRTT A CABTEB.Store 39 aummir street, Boaoa,The medieiBe wffl a i he amaafmSara. b y V T c S a M A CO., but exclusively for ua aaf. a*heratofir«wUl be aoUBT ALL DBCOaim.AIX DBAF PERSONSWhoHAVE rAILED LP PETCUBED lXSEvTBEBB SHOULD AT OMCI CALL OnDr. Von M08CHZ SK BR.OCULIST AITD AL s » r .WhowillRESTORE THEIR tOtAJtlMOHIS KEW^TSTEM. BEADTBI STIMOXIAL*.of Wales 1stCanada—Letten from the W a t e r i n g P l a n s — More Massacres i aSyria—CollegeJ^atest News—Local Matters otthe Metro- p o l i s — M a r k e t R e p o r t s , «Jtc., «fccM «Scc«The FAMILY HKRAXDfor this week will be issued to dayComment* mints —T h eof Wales among the Canadians, tbe honors paid to him, respected deceased are requested to be at the above men-&c.; Letters from our Correspondents at Old Point Com- tioned place at the time designated.OOBDIT.—At Markham, Canada West, July 30, Miss 8AToDr. Voa Mo5CMztsKEB, Ooulin sad Aurist.__ „ Ho 107 Cbatoa Plaee--DBARSIB—lam s living- witness of your aMU a the opera- tion of the ear—having, oo a recent vtaa to Mew Odessa, be- come totallv deaf in one ear; and. by theadvieeof sasa*fnra>a whobroughtm*toyonroffice,whereyonrsaRfol opffrsBoo. without scarcely any pain, entire y enrol sa*. I weal a t o your office deaf; and my bearing is orw as well as rver—tnrtions reeeiTed st the office, northwest corner of Fultonand Nassaa streets, New York. Single copies for sale atTbe friends sad relatives of tbe family, and those of b a mother, Mrs. Maa BeU, are respectfully invite.! to attend. tbe funeral, this (Wednesday) morning, at a quarter past ten o'clock, from tbe Reformed Dutch church, Bergen.Dr.EDWAJSDCLKKS,forseveralyearsaresidentof Brook lyn. and a native ef England. 64 years of age.skillanddexterity inrestoringthebeanostnthedeafw*aotA pain a astonishing. PETER MOLACOrCIK.His funeral will take place this (Wednesday) afternoon, at three ! o'clock, from his bite residence, Hunter street,BEWTOBK, July 24. lm. Ill West Eleventh street. ROBERT RAGE. ESO .fort, Pieraont, Whitestone, Stratford, Fairfield, MauchChunk, Came May, Niagara Falls, Newport, &c ; FurtherParticulars about the Horrible Massacres in Syria; A re-port of the Doings at the Commencements of Tale and His friends and acquaintances, also the members of which 11hall ever be thankful to you. Should you thins pro-RAH E. Canon-, daughter of Calvin and Sarah D. Condit. of this city, in tbe 24th year of her age.COVLTSB.—OnMonday,July30,WM Coram, aged4o years.ing in the most obstinate rasrs ss well as stops Bto noises intha the counter and by all news agents. Advertisements in- parents, No. 40 West Fifty fourth street, oo Thursday bead, may be consulted on all diseases of tbe are and ear, from9 till 9 o'clock, at187 CLIHTON PLACE, ETOHTH STREET.A WORD TO THE LADIES.-IN RWOBMKNDIWfl to you to aa* HOSTETTERS celebrated Stomach Bit-ters, Rabat jna to Mat* that ss a stimulant to the iimparting strength aad vigor dnwhichareottetrttmeeattended withmuchnamaadIwe know of no preparation more highly adapted to all itions consequent upon this cause, and for a mother nababe the Bitters cannot be dispensed with, fspecially where! mother-* nourishment la Inadequate to thertrmandsof a o child; consequent y her strength mua yisM, and bare R toDrswingi oftheDelaware State Lotte- fromherlaterespdence,No.73Divisionstreet. neededtoimparttemporarystrengthaadvigortothawho**ries.-WOOD, KDDT A CO.,Managersof theDIUWilE, KKHTUCKVANDMISSOURISTATSLOTTERIES.KKXNKDT—On Monday, July 30, of consumption. FRA.N system. Ladle*should byallmeans trythisremedy aadbo- asKK.VMCDY.son'ofFrancisKennedy,ofCushindali,coun- foresodoing,askyourphystomawho,trheasaraamtad:DaLAWARS—KXTSA CLASS NO. 361. JULV"3I, 1*0. 56, 1, 3 , 14, 30, 22, 11, 61, 12, 68. 3 , 66. DKLAWAHB—CLASS NO. 962. JCLT 31, i960.ty Antrim, Ireland.His friends and those of the family, are respectfully in-with the virtues of the Bitten. wiR rscossmend their m a i l l Sold by druggtats aad dealer* generally everywtors.•DAixorrsKFFFFFFFFEFl TTTT TYTT SRSSh FFFFEFFFFrFrT YYTY TTYT sss awvited to attend the funeral, this (Wednesday) afternoon,OFFICE 284 CANAL STREET, N. i .Card Portraits—4-9 for 91. Original MILRT —On TSesday, July 31, AMSA TXRBSA, daughter BNew Term.Grower 6i Banter's Calebrated NOISELESS 8EWIXO MACHINES,Thebest in use for family sewing.496 BroadwayTS'ew York.183 Fulton street, Brooklyn. Overstrung Grand and Square Pianos ar* warranted for fir*years.B r o o k l y n Miniatures,Cabinets,ImperialsandLifeSize. Twofort;nine (349) Pubaa street.three o'olock, from the residence of his parents, No. 205 Grand street, Jofsey City, without further invitation.M t G c i S L — <«Bi T u e s d a y , J u l y 3 1 , B R i w . n M c G r / m r , widow of Robert McGuire, aged 39 years,anativeof Belturbet, oountjy of Cavan. Ireland. -»Her friends and tbotf of her brothers, Philip and Hugh Fit/.patri'.k, arerequested toattend thefuneral, fromher lateresidence,1(»2WestNineteenthstreet,beiweenSixth and Seventh avenues, this (Wednesday) afternoon, at three o'clock.O'NBIL—<mMonday,July 30.JAMESO'NCL,anativeof tbe county Tyrone, Ireland, aged 4S years.Tbefuneralwilltakeplacethis(Wednesday) afternoon. at -me o'clock, from his ate residence, No. 44 University place. Hisfrieqjdsandtheseofhisfamilyareinvitedto attend.O'Cossxu-—OB Staaday, July 29, MART ASS O'CO.ISBXL, daughter of Francis and Agnes O'Couneil, a^ed & yearsblishment. No. 5 new Canal street, near Ra3»Broadwaj\IMPORTANT AXNOCNCEMEHT.S C H E D U L E O P P L E A S U R E T R I P S 09 BOAA* TBE«TrAB3S.Zi.R.iAT EASTERNPrior to her refem m Europe, Auftat IA LwO.Thefteamship GREAT EASTERN, Jaa VineHail maader,willleaveNor,Jriver,offHam-asodstreet,-•THCRSDAT AFTERNOON.rfCGUSTX. At I o'clock precisely, fer ^ ^OLD POINT COMFORTANHAPOLfSROA38, LaLdir.K exci.ratoiosa.• wuhotit cites ctajsei «• RORFOC.KAMDBAI^BORK.T M Arriving off Old F^Oomfor:J"&1 * * * .W01'eavefSdPmmtSrMDATMCBNIHO.A^BOSA*>a arojprk arriving at Anaapala Road*. Saaday iAtarauea, a* Mai i ire Surdsy sveniag.paid for k wanted.w»ekly amounts.Canbe AgentsF.rjrslpe tr-aa that I s ;UXDHTL-^ATRTTTS aRDKATED PAPER. THEWararooms g and 84 Walker street.P h o t o g r a p h s — W i l l i a m s o n ' sCompanionfor Toarists—liableaadperferi protection from fire nowknown, can be pun hasst only of the subscribers.Machinee 4a3 Broadway.HRBRINONo. »\ Broadway, cornar Murray sAreet, N. Y.that a HMBRING'S PATENT CHAMPION BAFEever faileA.. tor-'tstrveit*eontettsa aaacetdtntalfire.VOTIC1TODRUGG3BTS-STOLENTROV.THRDOOhV. I> say of Ho.14 Broadway, a has coaaatow TrsaWiiB*a> netie OtoaaenL. Deajsrswill pleaaa stta,t*w same- if o*seal forsals. J.WRI3HTBOO,ItBjoadwyWHITE, hauar. {216 Broadway, opposue Ji. Paui'aB^DRO««X.Tby W. T TOBB. It a oaaaf tb* awr t rabtsMe m.Tt.nn -''r * a T A V s r ^ a L 'A CO.,\ dMESSKS. HFRRI»<; A Co.—GBHTLKMB.I—On the nightthe 23d tna. a tire occurred in this place which exteaded to . and Trmonths.noon, attwoolcioek.months.The friends soil acquaintances of ths fluniiy are .nvr^dto attend the federal, tb a (Wednesday) afteraoon, at two o'clock, at No. at* tast Fourteenth asreet.BOWELS.—OnTuesday,July 31,FaiSABBTHBoaais,wrfe of Rev. Morse Rowel), in the 30th ysar of her age.Tbe triends of the family are resaedafuily invited to at- tend the funerairon Thursdsy aftaraooe, a t fooro'ilock, ' a t tbe Pres-»yt***n church in Se-antth avenne, between geveataenth and Eighteenth strecav, without further iavi-tltlWI8»LLITAS -Osj Tuesday July a , after a lingering iilaea of many months], Diasts SrujKAB, aged 30 ye trs and 27 days.Bis frienJa, and those of his srothers. John, Wiilamand ThiliparerespectfullyiavitoOtoattealthefunera'., •a Thuradsv afternoon, at *mlf-past oae 'o'clock, from his ate residence, on Fifteen lb street, between avenues B aad CWasa—m Broeklyii, * I . oa Tataaay. July a , Dr. EDW» WXBB. Jr., aged tbv ears, 11 months and 22 days.Ha friends and those ef the fhmilv ari> rnvited TOattend t h e f u n e r a l , w i t h o u t f a r t h e r n o t i c e , f r o m t b e r e s i d e n c e o f his father, Dr.j Edv*a Webb, at Hempstead, L. L .o a Thursday at twelve.o'clock M.Wrraa«wooB.MjB Tueadav, July 31. Jou> W n a sroox. aged 11 a/>atbs sad Sdava^ w ".sam.am3 t o » V 5A NMOCbt tMEarrMlJfD AJCD MOOT.aftaowsaad*ofreadersaever)poruooofa ^ b o o t ^ L ! ! ? £**** laaUiuweoal a saasmtinbua v*ju. T*!^^* .*«*• ssaor aa lsrlnliM* aaprra r i goo* npoa aankJnA, a a aot wBhotu a fsenna a rvwrat ia«tMCA.NALLY. youpgeat BOB of Bernard McAnally, aged 1 year aad a months.Ksrina Boilers, to prevant inming or scorchag. Jelir ttomUm, to attend tbe funeral, this (Wednesday) afternoon, at of various sizes, forms and patterns Fo.- sale »i ins-est.vofsixteen buildings and over. In our furniture building was oneoiyourpatentChampion.Safeswhichstoodbeforeussfireonthe store Boor, and in such a position as to make it iatpcaalbletoremoveit,enose-iuent.yitremaineduntilthefloorfell,whenihe safe fail into the cellar amongst a lot of maple aad other Greenwood for ia»ifaaent.t a r n i t u r e a n d c o m b u s t i b l e m a t " r i a l s , w h e r e i t r e m a i n e d f r o m J3o'.-lorkA.M.till10o'clock. Whenremovedfromtheruins PiTK-EXt—On>IOT»y night,July3ft,MARYAsMEPfB-ever; book and paper was found in perfect order. It ha* CBIA, daughter ^>f gdward and Terresa Pureed, aged 7 entire trip. ___ ,Tbe relatives and frwads of the family are respectfully invitedtoattendthefuneral,fromtherasidence ofher parenu. No. fia Ludlow street, this (Wednesoay) after-Tbe Great Eaatara win conaartaOal Patot wab assmernaHerremains will betakentoJamesnverto aadwab tb* Norfolkaai Portsmouth for all pstoa South aaA SjaBhwcgt.and Margaretand the best substitute fcr anaaal food, eariches uie table* of the At-tor He-use and all the principal aaaooos Hecaer's*fmnstno,*atavattd.was 1, theasatiBfui land at tba ^•jsj*. BwBfto**• a mtkr.aterW. Whds taara'/"»' • AaHiaja* wturh e»art iorwe^*^ &s**fai for taw bawa*aal*,aiaaye^wT»rs>Bwss in successful u»7a all tb* bnasaaia, a a W t f i J s a ii wbn-h had enabled estaaaad lu'kaowtoaaw aapapersi eoaaty, W. T ., oa Moo- ^ajaaafParu. Tbeeftsetof tbessr^D O D W~ 0 " I 2 R T H ^ S S P L E H D I O M I L T T A R Y R A N D Willsecampaagtoeexcusaoaso*i bear*auraigtha « for tbeplainthto, dectoriagtbe ' ^ m ^ ^ dulentsodvJI«•«» toos asto^ - « » "***2L*"[£to toeor of the yeas* orphan, and to which tot For* *ad several foreign sovereitts took nartj, wtU five Mv^ tody * tnarriaite port.;* of WjNat.H a i rP r e ,S «Ceat*.Btaoata rA MAttM anotorteI H .,July91,1999.motleavetbaportbe bepaid bisotoila, »'-tkcoats,out•* tbefundilatoowthe ritr CcvcrCoatbrrnPer**' No. 1 Rsretov arevt. sad sold b»- all druggists. >T.homasM. Tr309 South 4th StreetF13u0l6to9n New YorkyniskilBfiil"Mn C^a'teai fci tbt hai--.www.fultonhistory.com 