 \UOBt Cnyry of the bereave*!**> h*& turn an seen at rWi»-b*k<*..PertiasktV MM He b*Wt >IMHMM h*» i-'thing ia f- Ha V *tbe name Uw Pr*sd- '"•*•*, andi t w » 4 >5 .'^ceirodis- V«k.* heJdaa family ia wy fltattciera were ** of the I of'two r w> En- »other at probably eom*try.f u :naore,*t T a » Teat tra* >;;«ui«ia a mtered tuht bad i* "dee- c world tchaaneL neighi ia ble char- \and.we ee tobi^f sea what i of Mr. •er> madaNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 106*..i ofZ%«without, H. L. H.•'mAN ALLEGED MURDERER ARRESTED.—Officer Niv-. ens of the Second Ward on Saturday evening -arroateA a phyriciax named David D. Wickham, 29 years st- age, who is changed with having caused the death ofMrs. Cole of Wantage, Sussex County, N. J. The particulars of her denth are thus reported by the Po- lice: About one year ago, when Mrs. Cole wae ap- proaching confinement, Wickham induced her husbanA toinsureherlifeforalargeamount. Mr.Colewasto pay the first installment, and Wickham was to make all subsequent payments. U the lady died during her sickness,'the two men were to divide thelnauranos money. When the woman was taken sick, Wickham, who jived in Hamburgh, ten miles distant, waa sentId expa- " g of the ore i« noS vouih; ting, to sing th,e u>«. and on)d ob- l«nebo aast the lis ward - ; whereths pea i he gets beloved; 6u* no *» For- Ktoo tor- his dra- leapond,4 states- '•' «-'» vast iow's ofhat Dr. Sy other • ooee to overuorr unme«auae of i&ainiea dered a »-Sow~t!ran.afifornia &oe ape- rec«ivedgnifieent oblong"fhing ale Crali pnresti wor'ih i , ^*iv«s inmut of woman timily, . au h tow^ivh/ . it were* God, ec^ntlyav.rriedd upon rs>,and IQef 7d wereHindis- ted for i Theat the ch had baten- n^L of.•nt. 'A Miners, inions, of .the \>9' en- thcient l'i»gal>hai of no«her » ea*d - aracted; xWtb*fs>a»Tedi iwh -at'' living jber ia jo, and be l'o-. jced to • lenly, Lrt rs-' orderig hertc*21era«ory tfons. o poe-Ifotu?..ioter.*tSa- t, has u-d toor*d«rr« , <-. l aw* ••<•• ••••••o-a "• the:tr.ogbjy"•-.is rater- uri,alv G-ou-sider it tin his composition.'' |{ PKU'i.i'ifhin, Aug. 5o, I860.!FROAThe late acts of incendiarism in Texas, and the evi- to witueES the content between these crack clubs of can they be?" He is supposed to r«?fer to some ne w and the eteamer Arabia, which sails on Wednesday dence which gains credit there of more diabolical de- New-York and Brooklyn, and a well played and very sort of animal he has just received. next, will bear the balance, with what additionalvs Unfortonatwly the proprietor happened to be on the men, from various parte of the coucty, and the accused was allowed counsel. After a patient examination ot(Adveitii»»aient3" Dr. HAMMI)HT> has lived long abroad, and is an enthusiast forMedbfURefonu."—[Froxu the New-York Horn* Journal, Sept. 10ti650.DR. C. D. HAMMOND, Pupil of Ricord, tlie cele-bratco. Sexuil Surgeon of fxrii. and als-> of Pro?*. Camoohan and9-",ceeded froul an EuxHaha au, who shouted to the utmost Stretch.of his longs, :• Fi re! fire! on SjJJta. Anna's hill!" , We all rushed in the direction of the place indicated, and there were witneesei \ to the sad spectacle of a con-yesterday." •The citizens of Wood county were to hold & publicli—In an article io^theiaat Christian Inquirer, tin,should fine the prisoner the full extent aUbwed by Uwy $10. Not producing the money, Fitzgerald stand*<•of toe-proffered treaaort-• There will be leas wonder if I so:*rly d#cl<r», aa in xnth 1 mast, that often as I have tried to find a publisher for the wriinga that haveJbeon sent to me, 1 baven4<?er, in a «iogte case, suc- ceeded. Gen^ra'ly tbe atile and thought^ have been 4good, but the sentence ^xas been, *^«'o; aafficienily alive and to tihe times, anil it will not pay.' I stedFoa an easier and happier man, if the 'friende who are, or thinkthattheyare,-poets"novelists,or~essayists,will remember this feet, and ke cp their works for their own satisfaction, or else cvnj inuuicate directly with the publishers^ asking, if the please, a line of introduc-"Acccrdirg to the tenor of this concordat' the fit at each Etation, intending to reach Marietta ia the /the <* Wife's Secret.' To-night a " grand testimonial" was ascertained that here are nc>t enough bands in the Cbnrch bhali Dot in any event form a separate body i .• nitht, where it was designed to.'pursue the work'ofthe State, but its action ahull remain limited to the edifi- killing and burning, and thence^aafarontheroadas to Charles W. Taylor will take place.at this house. city to bead a'l tbe divisions, of which it was decidedcatitn and eanc»iffcation of souls." they were successful.. fiiblos Garden.—The contest between the amateur there ehall be fifteen. Melodious aid will be invoked, ."In short, treretever was issued from the Chan- " From Dalton to a few miles above Marietti, the gymnasts of the city has proved one of the best cards if nec*s«a»y, from other places. No definite arrange-'country, and devise means for protecting life and pro-citizens of Milville, Rusk county, held a public meeting on the '6th, to examine the character of certain suspicious persons, and to organize patrols. Sundry in-few days since, on the coast of Cuba, a steamer en- gaged in the slave-trade, and that the slaver had suc- ceeded in landings portion.of the negroes before beiug taken. Further particulars could not be learned. Thare Was'alBO a report that the bark Wildfire (a slave prize), at anchor in the harbor of Key Went, had beep s:o!en from her anchorage by the man (Capt. Patten) win went off with the Wanderer sometime since from Sa- vannah. He was assisted by a ciew which he pickedN^'.:*:'dame. These statements the Princess deeires to see in were at length cut loose from the heavy pole, aod as reuevred by. the*band, collected a dense crowd print, and now tbat the Japanese items are to be made struggled more fearfully still in the nurrow channel of an.und tbe music stand. The^eats under the awnings public, the curious may wax fat onthe food they relish. water. Boats were bronght, and they were rescued The Senora has led a life of adventure, having resided from the wheels One was helped to swim ashore, and./theeuceciiptionatotheJ»hnBrownfuod- Attheend Mr. Saverswhohasbeenfortwentyyearsengaged of these advic<.> is added; a li*>t of the names of tae aub- ini buying and selling stock in this city, early in -theambers who have paid t| le several amounfia. The sum summer made a trip to Texas with the intention of aubscribed amounts to one hundred and eighty-four purchasing and stocking e farm. With this object, hedollars, fifty centimes, J ta, Hayti cunency, and ten made a tour through nearly all the counties of North-27 23 TotaL... I.M.Z7Clubs. 1st. 2d. 3d 4th. 5th. 6th. 7tb. 8ih. 9th. Tot. recovering, find is able to be about tbe house onInquiries being made in the matter, the arrangement between the husband and the doctor was disclosed. Tois being comddered suspicious, the body of Mrs. Cole was exhumed, and, a post-mortem examination! being made, it was found that the stomach of deceased >station-In nee.tn/a-'l qnantities of arn>B and aaumunition had been iound in their possession."'• • — sjcence of the bag with that of the nurse,.'light brokeandso far dispelled the clouds of mystery that; Sarahtbe faithless mnemoeyne, was arredted by Officer committedtillthefineispaid. .by a concordat, which is officially announced in .the Government paper.The following letter fr< m Lamarrine to the editor ofJudge 1*3 neb.Anticipating the worst, Mr. Savers 'stood on his de- fence, ciew his revolver, and stated to the crowd that if tpey had determined to hang him he would sell bisMusic AT THK CENTRAL PARK.—Large numbers of the people were gathered at the Park Saturday, drawn by the dulcet strains of molodious Hodworih, and tbe desire to inhale the purer air among the rocks aod trees ofthatlocality. YoungAmerica,eithercarriedinma-HORSES OVERBOARD.—There was an exciting inci-; dent on one of the regular trips of the Staten Island steamer Josephine on Friday afternoon. She.made her landing at the Quarantine pier, and received a number• ' * * ' PPPF-r-- • . §§i§» **3A^ ****<«S&^i*& ^^mm^.':' «w.-+**in plain clotty. Ignorant of the trap, the astrologer a half it wa« ettir<:5j ccnoumed, ant; presented nothingdrew tbe nolicet&an'a hero -cop*. For tbe email aum of . bet the nana of ac« i.f!:igrstio» to the ojc. Re^bertaoli: County j esterdsy evening, we :lesru thai ft»e ahilluigs, the wars w< re announced to declirethat The mcroirg wasi luckily».q.aio calm, end ecaroely two mtn lamed Boarcwright, were hur*g in that coun- the fequiror would ra»t with a rati ray accident and a bf enih of veu>& was a»irrii g. Had thi* not been ao, ty, on Surday evening last, near the Fails County line.the aumorocssparks would have set fire to a large part Ktcbard Boardwright has been for Borne years not >ri- <fd abroad in 1863, where j * tonrigo. lady would f»U ia of St. Thorxae and devastated the towa. The perpe- oue as' a horee thitf, aitd h»a been tampering withaal-to?© from Mr.-Pop** to hi.! riead, Darid M*Ilet, the author of with prieBts, moral, religious', imbued with that holy of sufficient proof." • ""WihtonjasdM*r)rAI^l.'•led,lwouldcallyouratt*-ntioato andBubKmeChristian-charity,itwillnoloDgerbea>tho fact a» told In th« '• KecoTt » of xny^Lifo," by John Taylor ecandal to the faithful, to the true believers in the BASE BALL.ties are continually presented. In the curiosity de- and the marching will occupy from two to three hours. down, and had brought his wife and child With him t» partment,tseAquariamusteverbethechiefattraction, Tie Committeewill'meet again atthecall of vieitsomefriendsinNew-York. Hewashighlyea- though the Fat Baby, and the Lean Man, each has its the Chief Engineer, and take more decided action.... tt emed by the officials of the road and by bis fellow- admirers. It iseasy to be seen that Barnum is a Yan- The Committee who receive contributions to the aid of(author of Motwdeur Toiwoo),; iiar Andrrv Marvel w u tho trao author of ibla well known h« lad, aa well as of that admirableby sua bogixoi In* with j" The alodoua ji irmament on hijth,"teachings of Christ." ," W h i c hclaiming the m*ri£ of wiWugj i, yot leaving the world to o n -'Addison hsa introdiiic«d into The SpectatorHAYTI.Botcery Tlieater.—Tbis evening Mr. and Mrs. J. W. 'money may be eent in by Tuesday noon....The Walladk, jr., commence an engagement at this house. anxious public will be gratified to learn that the Ittmsare set* forth in the f<| lowing letter from General ger, to honest strangers, and to the perpetration of acts . Rick^, given in The N. Y. Evening Post of Saturday: cf cruel injustice." CAPEJ HATTIE.H, Au/rust 2d, 186Q. Tbe following statement, made by a wel-known *' Netherwoold Angus in Riche, Adjutant-'General, citizen of Nsw-Orleans, affords a painful illustrauoa ofthe proceedings vrere terminated in the most satisfac- tory manner. .The score is as follows: -KXCELHIOK. BMPIRK.Plpyers. 11. L. Runs. Playeri. H. L. Kuna.tbe new building not taking place till November, >ince the canine campaign opened, in June, 5,850 hope-Theatrical Items.—Mr. Forrest begins his engage- ful doga have been untimely nipped tin the pursuit of for. On his arrival, he was exceedingly anxious to, theProspres appearsia tie columns of thit journal. lifeasdearlyasposoible;andinhis MasoniccharacterIt in introducedby the'editor .with an appeal in behalf he called".upon the Masonic fraternity for aid. This oi M. do Lamartioe to hi > Haytian readers. " Let the appeal proved succeesful for delay, and after a morecool invest'uation he was released. •'name*ofthe»onsofAJrica,"heconcludes,"andof Thisiaabriefaccountoftheadventurein.^^GX*.. " their descendants, occu >y a.brilliart. jage in the .last oited region of a well known -citizen of New-Orleana,^. *' volume of M. de Lain.* rtine, where- will be printed himself a slavt holder, born in a Slave State, and iden- tified wi'h the institutions of the South. The slightest" t h e names of all the subscribers to his works, the suspicions were magnified into proofs of crime.betrayal of facta bearing upon the respectability-of sev- hugely,thoughthe"sunwassohot,"andtbecom-.eralgentlemenoccupyingahighsocialpositioninthis"moat beautiful, tee mo»t sublime which human ge-"nins has conceived:*'! - •~ " PARIS, July 15,1?S0.To Mr. E. HrCKLXTON, Edit »r of the Proyre*: ' •S'K: An indispesiti >n has suspended my reply, but were no: present, and his statement that he was in it haa not suspen led my sense of obligation to yon. Texas with ihe design of settlement, were discredited, Allow me to express it u> you across the seas. Senti- and but for a fortunate appeal to other titles hia life ments like yours, at,d min ) have nothing to do with dis- might not have been t»aved. This caae should warn tance. Act with that 9p< ntaneous zeal of heart which the people of Texas against precipitation under this has already made you fee 1 and speak and act. excitement, and to. do the duty of dealing with* Abandoned by my folic w-cidzens to misfortunes in- the 8u»*pected only on perfect evidence, and curred in behalf, of their »afety, and of which the con- with "the forms of law, if possible; otherwise, Sequences wei«h upon oners beside myself, it isjdeas- in the extreme case?, after" suph forms of deliberation autf« r me to-find,,m a listant country and among a as will be their vindication to their own consciences asd the world. But these occurrences show, not only rope. , , *• .- bow deep a Hentiment and excirement pervade theMyolwrtinate^apisihistiteonlybreadforthousandsof threatenedoounti**,bur.thoseadjoining. Exaggerated excellent men who puffer hunger axd "thirst on my ac- though the facts that go to prove a widely-extendedand well-contrived conspiracy aga'nst life and property before I bid adieu to'the joys and airrows of this may be, it cannot be stated that this alarm is the off-of. beat and weariness. In addition to this, hundreds etniled aloog the walks,' or tat on the grass at the edge o{) the lake, watchirg.and feeding the three graceful swans that still remain. All classes of accioty were represented; bard-handed labor with dinner basket in oneband, andleading its littleones withtae other, elboweditswayamongthecrowd;whilesoft-palmed wealth rolled along in easy cushioned carriages, drivenYork audience. An enterprising manager has made her a standing offer of $800 per week to. play a star engagement at his theater, but curiously enough re- fusts to be her bondsman in the trifling pum of,'$500.A Convention of Colored Waiters was called to theAfricanChurchonSeventhavenuenearEletfenth etreetonSaturdayevening,andalargeattendanceth«- receipt of the foliowiiip: iumi:O. H. "w..- '...,....$.10'0o;M. E. Ch. Aobum. Thos. H. Fai)<».: 100" 00 2d Presbyterianrdo C.itN.,$5;Fitend,$1; 11stPresbyterian,do•T.C.,'S'...'A .... .7 00.Caah,ip W.II.Arthur&.Co 2500A.E.C.,E«uton...$18 OS40 0t»1073* %oe 1o»2 COdistantpeople,a«soulwhchIcanscarcelyfindinEu--f count; astiat this laocr o" devotion to finish its work earth.spring of delusion, or got up for any political move- ment. There is real cause for organization for self- protocrion. Wellffor Texas will it be if every act re- sumingbeguided'byjustice.pleased with the Park.— »tance. The reporter repaired at ia seasonable hour to the sanctuary, but found its doors closed; and at the expiration of half.an hour (pleasantly employed iu gaz- ing at the coffins in the undertaker's shop, first floor), the only waiteis preeent were himself and his chosen companion and counsellor, neither of whom were col- ored. Thesextonhadseennowaiters. No\colored5 OS ..... 25 00 Archibald Russell....... 50 OS 5 00 Freeland, Squires le Co. 25 OSI devoted fifteen ye^rn of my speech, of my writing?, of my fife, to the liberty of the you"D*rrace in tin midit of wnich you dwell Vvould thai now is might ;:i<l meceive the congratulations of their wives and sweet- hearts.S-OSin its turn in nvy eribrts t-> rehabilitate myself l>y means Tie Galveston News, of the 23d ult., has the fol-FROM HAVANA.—The steamship Cahawba, J. W. arjiv*dhereonSaturdayat1o'clockp.m.,four*days promisestobeinteresting.of my wrhinus. Yours,withmanythank*,icro-wthedutastwaters.Tne Henderson. Times,- of the llth says:" We have seen a note, written from near Danville, by Col. Dunn's bveiseer, to his son, Charles Dunn, burned: The following letter from that place gives which said that a negro boy,Allen, formerly 'belonging to Mr. Dunn, had confessed his connection with 'this insurrectionary movement, and was to have been hungLAMARTINE. Gen. Santa Ana's resi isnee at St. Thomas haa beenCcmpany ©. Independence Guard, Twelfth Regi- persons had been along. Not possessing the highest••8 Roe Vffle-L^vOqne,from Havana. ' The Cahawba left New-Orleans at 8a. m. on tbe 25th ult., reaching Havana on the 27th at2 p. m.. whence she took her departure for this port at twenty-third anniversary and the birthday of theirattribute of a colored waiter (which, we take it,"is pa- tient endurance), the reporter gradually disappeared,, leaving the church, to its silent associations.A CURIOSITY, OK LITERATURE.—In England the railroad cars are divided off into compartments, each of which contains eeata for eight or ten passengers. While, therefore, an immense number of books and newspapers-are sold at tho principal stations, the con- struction of tiie cars prevents their sale on a movingeome account of the disa»t«r: . ': BT." THOMAS, July 16,1SG0.1 p. m. on the 28th The local news of Havana iB de- void of interest.' The health of the city had greatly improved. IT was reported in Havana that the Unitedlate Captain, John T. Cairns, by a parade and dinner, on the 4th inst. The Company and their guests will dine at the G'.amercy Park Hotel, Captain Major Lyle will parade with them as an'I. G., and the ex- Co'lonelsof the late Twelfth, with the National Guard of Philadelphia, will be guests on this occasion.The Highwood Guard of Hoboken, and NationalTHEFrom The fV. O. Picayune.• EXCELSIOR OF'BROOKLTN vs. EMPIRE ;-OF NEW- kee, from the manner in which he is continually asking tie bufferingin Syria announoe,throngh theirTreasur^r, YORK.—Several thousand people were collected on the questions. After vociferating for several mouths. tbe receipt of a Sum tothLof $10,622 35. Eight thous- grounds of the Empire Club at Hoboken, on Saturday, " What ia it ?" he goes still further and inquires '"What and five hundred collars have already been for warded,TEXASFRIGHT./••',"He had come to that town from a point where.theincendiaries had been at work and seemed desirous tohasten out of Texas, and his "details of his business, hispersonal references to known citizens of Crockett who phur in their speech. The men, in military costumeand the steps leading down underTerrace Bridge weremore tbon full; a large number -«f carringes stood on in seven different countries. A noted dramatist (Bour-tiod the firm earth with no other damage than a duck- ing. The other took in a large quantity of water, and was struggling to keep head above stream behind a small boat, when the steamer resumed her course, and her passengers their composure.• • • • • ' .BELIEF I|OR SYRIAN SUFFERERS.—The Committee for the relief of the destitute and Buffering.in Sjria, acknowledgelowing: . .,'•'..On Wednesday morniig, at ii o'clock, my_ quarterof ^he town wss roused by terrible cries. They pro- meetingXm^the 20th, to consider the condition of the States steamer Crusader, Capt. Maffit, had captured aTuesday. * .SKWINC.-3V1ACHXXE CASES.—In the five suite broughtuader tbe A. B. WUKOC feed patents against GworjoB- Sloei St. . Co , John B. Gibbs, 4. B. "Wilso^ etal.. Judge NeUon h»s ren- dered a decision (aa published ia our paper on Monday, Ang 2 7 \inily sustning these patents and ordering a perpetual Jnjanctio*. to in.ue agaWt said defendants. Wo refer to thia .again to cor- rect an irupre^iou which ha« obtained that the Oib^s implicates in'he above suit ts the joint inventor of the Wilcox. V Gihbs *t-wing-niacliioo, which is not the case; the ^a»« cf. the latter as James E. A Gibbs (aot John U ), end Mr. Wilcox, the-man«- factuier of the Wilcox it Gibbs macalaa u licensed by th* plainl'iffsinthatsuit. . .•LARCENY BY A SKRVA.NT OiRS.—Celia Gallagher,, Irish icrvant |' ffairra» ion before na.Gtn. Antonio I.op»"<6 < e Santa Ana, the ex-dictator dividuals were ordered to leave the county.Blues cf New-Haven, left Boston Friday morning, byt're shore ronte, for the City of Elms. Before their train. In this country, on the contrary, people rush toof Mexico, arrived in cor to**n about two year* ago, and purchased, within a few days after his arrival, oneThe Quitman Herald, oftbe 15th, savs:" A gentleman from tattle Eltnj in Denton county,the train ,at the last minute and have little leisure toselect papers or- books, and hence the great bulk of the din,whoescortedthemtotherailroaddepot. They literarysalesismadeenroute. Togiveonideaoftheof the handsomest .pieoie of property in this vicinity on Saturday, last, informed ua thaT- the citizens of Den- situated'ontietopvi»bill,'andcomaiandinxoneof ton,areasmuchexcitedaselsewhereintheState. A' itbe jnot& magnificent r. rospects that one can desire at»»-.Thomas. Hia ©bjoei in. this purcliase is generally negro had been arrested in that county, iu whose poa-tion given by tfiekft wing ofthe 2d Regiment, CoL Cow-rumored to have been a Irsire to oblige the former pro- seebion twenty-four bottles of strychnine were found."The lidlcillt Govniryman of the 18th cometi to ua up at Key West. A party of wreckers, armed withtravel, we may. itate that Messrs. Adams cc Co., in be-,prietor of it. He bouK it it, such as it was, furoitnre wi'h reports of the proceedinga of large and enthusias- and other appurtenanc* s included, and paid 20o 000half of L. N. Shear, the enterprising projector of the No. !2 East'frarce for &—an enormoi ts sum for a residence in our tic public meetings at Bellyill© on the /th, and at Travisrirlesj &c ,.started in pursuit, and succeeded iu captur-ing the prize and returning with her to Key West.0 Tho Si'GAK market Is reported a little bftter.. No. 12, si&SJ reals $> arrob?.; stock on hutid at Havana acd Matanzas, 2-0,0' 0 boxes. MoujifHKS—No sales reported. FaBiOU-rn—Vessels cou- tinne in demand, and rates tending upward.EXCHANGK on London, 60 doyn, 1 5 ^ 1 5 } ; New-Y ork, do., 3<z> 4i ; New-Orleans, short sight. 4£35.The steamship De Soto, Capt. Johnson, hence 21»t mat,.ar- rived at Havana rn the 26th, and left for New-Orleans at 2:30p. m. on the 27th nitnor n"ut!e^«t"^hTMwas'«r^ste"d on Saturday nlghtTaad adoiitU4 bBvirij taken a portion of the missis^ articles. Slut was looked up to answer by Justioe Cunnolly.and Forketon.Beats on the 4th, to appoint Vigilance Committees and patrols, and adopt such other measures oi eafety as the recent Abolition movements in the State ca 1for.Thd pat- ol system has had. a beneficial effect at Cam eron,-Milan County, and other places, in making the negroes keep wholesome hours.A meeting of the citizensof Hockley, Austin County, theae constant improve sexFa he gradually convorted took place on the 6th. A V«gilance Committee and pa-ix*to the attractive obje t of the entire vicinity. This trol were appointed, and resolutions adopted express-to the armory of the Bines, where both companies par- took of a "collation. Capt. Francis, one of the ex- membeis, we'eomed tho arrival of the two compaaies in. a ftw remarks. He referred, to th'e original organi- zation,of tbe corps 32 years ago, when it turned out on the first parade with 28 numbers. Since then the company bad insreased in numbers, and grown ia populari'y, until.now it c-^uld boast oT being one of tba fii<t6t aiihtary organizations in the State. To the High- wood Guaid, both aa a body and as individuals, La re-contract w&a the New-York and New-Haven Com- pany, to pay the sum of $5,800 for the sole privilege of oc-lling papers, magazines and books on the trains and in the stations a? the Company for one year. They have tie privilege of renewing their bargain on simi- lar,!arms. Last year thia privilege was enjoyed by another person for $1,500.THE COURTS.—The September term of the Courtsteommences to-day, but active business will not be re-sumed until the latter part of tbe present month- -A. Tiscera. Rupture, Piifi, Varicocele, ^ j Fiatula, radically curosldear capital, and one*wl ich surprised all who heard of it. ., * iEver since the time of this bargain, he'eoustantly employed bis fifty wor itmen j>er day, and the?e were BW who without .Sim would have been obhged to begj their bread from door to door.. He made them con-[Advcrbicment jGURNEY'8 GAi.I.EaT. No. 707 Broadway. PHC-TOOaAPHS, Iv'ORTnnrBS,:struct enormous wallasmirt ftnr.mr.n. w_7in ^ around bis place, which byMr»iATVK£s is OII.. «nd DASmuuU^OTYraa. ; (Advertisement.emin* nee, which but a" tie while ago was quite- au ing sympathy with the citizens of the northern coun-, FROM , THI BAHAMAS.—The steamship Kamak,Cap^i Brownlees, arrived at this port yesterday morn-ing from Nassau, N. P ., with dates to Aug. 26, theday of her sailing. She brings no ne #a of importance. turned thanks for the universal courtesy whicVtheyEDWARD H. DIXON, M. DM Editor of Th*insignificant ».pot, is no the mo*t fashionable prome- nade of our moat un*i atic cit»x*-ns.Tbe ex-proprietor, t\ lighted and proud of the bar-Sealpel. and Operatinj and ConsulUnj Surgeon, No. 43 50t-**. Office consnltatl.ons on the more obsoura diseases of too p-ntHsties in their dif tresa, agreeing to cooperate with similar- Committees in other places and counties, and to stand ready aa minute men to render any assistance in their po'wer, &U. ::.the biahe^t and most reakly con«*ru^'.-3d. in the Vigilance Commutee. The former was released, no- month of Mar»;h a lijfht tbixg being pioved againnt him. Rotenbnrg was ac-ble to pie<^a, and in tin caused wii* wall to crum- cused by several negroeB of inciting tbem to insurrec-»nts of it fell down upon the tion, ilia caae was finally suomi'.t«d to a jury ol nr«y new edi'aee telo *, causing «ooae flight d-j-mage. iwithout the knife or Sjaiure. Otto* hows from 8 to 8, 1 to a, and " U 3 eTwninsa. ~ V' f Advertisentent.|jjain he had made,{ht in hia iurn a large plat of-The anniversary of Emancipation was celebrated with: great Tej<icing on Ang. 1. The. captain audi mate of the slaver wrecked off Lanyard's Cay", between Abaco and the Hole in tne yVvM, ware examined audeom- mitted to. prison, with the rest of tb*» srew, to. take their tri*l bef'ere trte Ganeral Term in. October. Tne captain, who gives bis name as- Smith, and ia appar- ently either Eugich or American, «ayshe took charge of the veeeel on the death of. the contain proper, wnohad always shown our. citizens •vrhile abroad.Captain Briitol, of the Blues, responded, &aukijigTthe ex-menibsrs in the naine of his com aand •andtheir gmBts for the generous collation pr^»ided upon . their reception home. '.At II o'clock the Guard took farewell of their friends, the-Bluee, and left New-HA>exk by the steamer Elm City, arriving here on Saturday .morning. They were received and escorted to Hob oken by the Nation- al Guard, Capt. Van Houten, w W e . they were enter-tained wih a breakfast.Col. Vosburgh has isaued ovders directing the mem-special term of the United States Circuit Court will beheld on the 12th inst, and tbe Supreme Court, general;grouud directly west or ie General's place, and wasstupid enough 'to bui'' a pretty little wood house im-mediately, belo-w the w and at a xpot where it was dlers, have been arrested and examined by the Kasitvera* dah of the editice "it the. thne of this occurrence the evidence, a vote was taken on. the qneatton of and received several severe wounds in consequence of barging him, and it stood eighteen for and' thirty-twoterm. '- .Fricdtrman and Rotenbnrg, two German Jew ped-it. The General was' deeply affected *•>? the mournful agajntt—tbe latter believing him guilty of v*ry iat:acciceuty and proposed, as a palliative furtheBatterings proper conduct toward the negroes, but that tha evi- died when the veeeel was tbree days out at sea. One of bis wounded li ieod, to puxcbaae the piece of property oence did not warrant the deah punishment. The <f the orew a Scotchman, died of fever ai Nassau of him, with all the farnitare and fixture^-an offerValentine Mott of tbls city, continue* to treat with uuemnf; soo- WARNING TO OBSTRUCTORS OP SIDEWALKS.— cee*, upon ".bictlj scientific priuciples that do not admit otfKO.- About three weeks since, by order of the City Insp*»- nre, all sfiectios* of peculiar importaace to the sexes Vartocel* radically cured by a new aud painless method. Hi* roojns are u»tor, notice was served on all persons who we're encum-bering slips or spares, t^tat they must desist from tne eveviug. Consultation en Francals. >, practice or suffer the^consequences." Such a notice wasserved on Hugh Fitzgerald, who, according to his ownacknowledgment, for five or-six year,, has been in tho habitofappropriatingaportionofHajiOTer-equariwhich the latter w de ighted to accept. Tbe birgain tbe county within forty-eight hours and the State in was concluded for ^,->>0 francs, about one-third more foor davs. Rotenburg'a family reside in N<JW-York,than it had cost t>-e o«*fer to build IU W^Jlo thea condition suita on it the additic-sc-bool-maeter wan hung on the 16th iu Anderson S S t a Libert,, Oraage County. A. («*> -d«« fTM* S ^ J " ^ ...iCHp.-. Hu hat been fcei-n st vend ticuurt lu Orange County, aio.County lie AV'IM} convicted of inciting the n»>yroes to. . S T u e r n t a h t h e Waa woght,by -two S ^ t t ^ ^ K ^ ^ tte^emug insurrection. j , .•e*t».U.ittteg*burgUryatSvWbourne,but.«"W*JJSJTM«*Union Square, right ou Broad way, at 8\ o'clock p. m. /Company G. c^ this Regime it will celebrate their, [AdrertiUenienL] ' . .. »\\'xa.NaK,PaoxfcCo.,mattttfwtuty^,•w>memttebievouapartijfbrokeintoitonof the ilrh, and uk it on fire! In icW than au aour and• Tht Hwtton Telegroph oi the V'A xtX, W^s;•? •'•.••'•*:pistol ut them. A r»wifd «f *50 haa bfteu ofiert'4 for lus oanturoaunivertaryo^o the200iiaat. ox ftU Utriatieiusnowonnan No. &7» Broadway,m *jury were unanimous in ordering the accused to leaveThe iemaiuder are in jail.A CO.NMCT AT LARGE;-Levi Rogers, a notorious parade,.in full uniform, white trowsers, to-morrowthe Parmley Buildings. Nb. 658 Broadway, corner of M f * * ^ ^ rlrit ncor, up stairs New-York Hour* QSHB 8 *? a» • » « « » »; "^it>niL-Mr.Townaexd,.wxu>,arrivscl>n tbiacityfrotau. CITT CUKREN.CT.—The Wizard of the North oom:IS, - f plained to Justice Ccnn^ly on Satarday toat Sarah packing boxes, acd h© promised t> remove them attbe rounds to e«e if tbe order had been complied yrUbfi found that Fitzgerald's stand had evidences of a iar*»•'Eepbm- in 1886, when be; would epecolate iq honeee. l a ws . • .. ';;•;.•' condemned. Mr. Towneend reports the negroes in btr of new mysteries are announced in thia week's employed in the Wizard's domestic piyobptnantaeum and took him int« custody. He was eub«eqrie«thrsVJany otter predictioce w*ro made, bu- ae eoon aa the The Getn-ral, it is Paid, does not intend to raise an- tihat. county, though having foil knowledge of the con- programme, and greater wondera than ever are prom- in tbe capacity of wet nurse, On Monday last she bronght before Jodge Welsh, who said t h a t w t b w l *le*» with hico, and offer hi no p»u-oo to drink, which he trators of xlis abominable act are thus fer unknown, shvee.- The other wan a nephew of Richard Board- at tbis bouse. The audiences have been overflowing Waa not to have at any price; be was to retain* to and Tfri»riru«? in spite of ths roost energetic searcciea wright. The two men were tried before the Vig;ilanso every night of, their engagement, sad their perform-vinciease of bm-ineee, and after some search for Ytig!that are wri4en and novel printed is vastly greater. the negroes in the vicinity of Daltcn and Marietta, and appear in succession are Mr. and Mrs. WdliauiB, MissAll oor pnbhehers con»pl4 o of the loada of scribbling* rtached. The following from the Progres will give a £r*at excitement wa3 occasioned by it, and still pre' Charlotte Cushman, Mr. J. S Cla.-ke, the celebrated of a gentleman. A proud constituency followed his No other except tow ine business was transacted.I Droughtto >hem for public ution, aod while they grieve j that eo ranch ucter u»sh U offered aa wit or wisdom. they allow that mnch gocft thought is presented thatcorrect i^ea of the nature of the Concordat r#" The Concordat between Home and Hayti haa been ratified bv the fc>t-nate. According to sach advices aavai's. fo« tstepe, and at several poLota cheers testified the, re- American comedian, Mr Edwin Booth, Miss Daven-"The train from Dalton on the Weetern and Atlan- port, Mr. Jefferson, &c. The comp oiy to sustain gard for the Champion. It is increased by a rumor tic road brougbt„the intelligence that Sunday night was that he has in contemplation another of those gTeatSaturday being pay-day, Police Headquarters was thronged, from 10 a. m. until 4 p. m., by Captuna, Sergeants, and detailed officers, who patiently waited tbe delivery of their checks or money. Seth B. Hawley,t*-ey would gladly pub»ial), if the readmg pob ic were have thua fer leached u« from quite reliable sources, the time appointed to burn the town of Dilton, and those distinguished artitts embraces ftlrs. Ddfieldaa willing to thick as to b> amoaed. I caonot recall I 'without: a s&ndder a sight11 saw lately in the private rooxnof a leading ttftgazii; e pabJis&er-^-a hogs basket of rejected articles, enough tojoad a cart, and which wore but a fraction of si nilar wares that had beenthia treaty is quite favorable to ua, and leaves to our deetroy as many Uvea aa possible. It was fortunately (Kate Wemyss), Miss Ada Clifton, Mrs. Ohanfrau, acnievemtnts which ha^o pUced his r ame among thoseGovtrament the meara of defencing itself against all disccvered-in time, and tnirty-eixnegroea were arrested Mrs George Stoddart, MiasGimber, MetBrs. Couldock, of the world's acc« pted heroes. The rumor id that he the new appointee ofthe Commissioners to the-pesidoasigns, have created an excitement in that 8tate whichit is not possible for thoee at a distance fully to estimate. interesting game was bad, the result being atignalWith the full conviction prevailing in many counties trinmph for the Excelsiors, whose fine Playing oa thethat the conflagrations which have des'royed so many, occasion elicited the applause of all preitnt. The The ^lay ibr to-night is " Macbeih.;' will be presen ed to the Common Council to night. flourishing towns are but the first part of a deep con-Provisional ConrnaiiCrtrjyf the place, and of the co/ri- tbe feeling existing, and an idea of tbe wrong which •Peatoall. . 4 2 Benbon, o ..-.. 4 " 0 The company engaged to Buppcrt him, are Messrs. F.. *mune of Grande-Riviere du Nord, to Monsieur De- may, in the "haete of the excitement, be done to the Young 2 4 Thorpe, p . . . . 1 B Conway, C. Fisher, T. E^. Morris, A. Feuno,;> ' |l#1"*V* -is*1 1"'%•%*lorme:"Sir: Inclosed I haye the pleasure to transmit to . vcu advi«*a pubiifched at Grande-Riviere du Nord,innocent. We publieh it, that the ci»izens of Texas Fl3nl«-y..T. 3 8 Miller, Ibtb.. * ' • 0may see a cogent reason for cool calmness aod delibera- Brainard... a 2 Moore, r. f... 4 0 Canoll, and others, with Mrs F . B. Conway, Madametion in their action toward the suspected, who may.be bearing the dale of the \rtb of.March Inst, concerning not only innocent and true, but fri&ndly and brotherly.Pcniei. Mr?. W: C. Gladstone, and Kate Fi 'her. .—The Florences play to-night.at the. Arch StreetTheater, Philadelphia.—Mr. A. H. Davenport, who met with a severe ac-piastres more.Y.xnelsior.... ..1 3 5 2 0 3-4 i'O 5 -23ern and Middle Texas, and happened to be near Dallas; i. ir>pir o...... ..0 8 0 3 0 0 • 0 1 0 T crutches. He will probably be well enough to fulfilljl V I am very trulyyomrs. Ricnx.",The Haytian dollar i^ jbout equal in value to Gcents aatrous'fire broke out in that place. From Dallas he•of Our currency. . j , travelled by stage to Palestine, in Anderson county, Club; Scorer forthe Excelsior Club, Mr. C. Waiting; ment of the season. finding the whole people excited in the highest degree Scorer for theEmpire Club, Mr. C. W. Gaunt.retted and placed upon trial for murder, but was acquitted. Wickham was also arrested, but, by for- feiting his bail and escaping from the "^custody of aa officer, he managed to elude the vigilance of the law*. He immediately left the place, and had not been hoard of until the time of his arrest. It ia supposed that he 'has been concealed in this city for a long time. Th« prisoner will be Sent to Wantage to-day for trial,The foUowii-g are a i'ew of the names of the con- by the dangers about them. Failing to make connec- • tributors, given to sho^ r in what amounts the sub- tion at Palestine with the stages to Crockett, he at-'scriptions are made: Geieral of Division, 10 piasters; tempted to procure a private conveyance, as the > delay would interfere with his business arrangements." Thismade againsv him Conjoined with the excitementabout the Prince, we are promised Btimulas from thePrincess—Seiiora Domia Pedro—whose' palace hallsare now in the Tombs, whicher she has been exiled bya etern decree of Justice Connolly. Qur own-policereporter yesterday basked in the smiles of royalty, the'SeSoxa having solicited in her own behalf the favor ofhis* company. The interview was a pleasant one.Throwing aside aUceremony, the Princess communi-cated with our. knight in the simplest and heartiestmanner.. She objected to newspaper aspersions uponher moral character, and waa particular upon the pointof .swindling. She had never swindled anybody. ofpassengers. As ajheavily laden wagon, with* 3fc ternal arms or trotting around on .its own legs, made Warmir g'with her theme, tbe gentle lady made strange double team of horses, wa j coming aboard, the plank,Adjutant-General Rich4 $o0; CoL P . Coeherel, y$8; anxiety to reach Crockett, coupled with the fact thatCommandant Qoartermai iter*Noel Cble8tin,48; Coun- he was a stranger, coming from the direction of Dallas,selor of Etienne M. Cildstin, $8;'Colonel 2d corps excited suspicion' and he found himself surrounded by marching through ths mud, in a meadow nearthe (iai«tMra crowd, who took him to be an iocendiary. So far gendarmes, 50 centimes, • rtc. from being satisfied wi'h his explanations, and a detail- The diificuliiss of »o lofi g standing between the Hay- ed hh-tory of his business and lile, they judged him antian and Papal Governments have been finally settled eiemy and proposed to give him an introduction toai 6 beautiful village of Atbens, duriog the best half of made at the primary meeting. The Committee on In-the week. Their snow whive tents were pitched on a piece of land so saturated with rain it trembled uodar the pmsure of the feet as though the very sod had caught i'he,ague. The littls steamer which plies be- tween Hudson and Athens^ has been doing ^lively bueiness lately, for the wonder-loving multitude have throngedthetOwn,towitnessthemilitaryparade,acd see the rosy and rotund officers dressed in all the p^m'p of flaming regime -tala. Thi« encampment waa so far removedfromthegreatcities,the.vulturesofvicedidnot follow it. There was no gambling on the grouud, no mm sold there (save on the sly), aud no.outrageous exhibitions cf rowdyism disgraced the neighborhood. Some of the teamste a of Athens would undoubtedly make good soldiers, judging frcm the quantity of sul-vitations,will make their report at that time. •mslipped, and the beasts fell between the boat and the- wharf upon the rough green stones just out of water. Theirstruggleswerehorrible,andall the.pe«>pU» rushed to s<e them. A hmidred wfiling liaids prof-made such a fine display it seemed a pity to bespatterthem with mire, atd they conducted themselves eowell it was a shame to punish*them by expoang themto the assaults of the ague and fever, by^forcing themto sleep on the soft side of a plank so n6ar the mud.Small beer and very email lemonade were in great de-mand, and a blind ballad-singer found sale for hissongs. .The amusement of tbe last day on the " campground"conritedinatargetshoot. Evefymanwaspermittedtofireoneshot. Threeprizeswerepfferedfor the three best shot?: $25 for the first best. $15 foreecond, and $5 for the third. . The t«nt£ are now re-moved, and the heroes have gone totheir homes to re- by liveried coachmen. Evidently "the people" are' .Thos. Suffera 100 (X) J. WiUtie, jrMary A. T. Morse...... -2 tO Preabytte'n Ch. Charles 10 6* C.li., «3;L«uiy.$5.... 800 SuTCC**•••*••••••««•*••56Iff' Cosh. Nc-wpoit, 1^. 1.... 5 00. . . ^ 8 4 3 45 Previcnsly acknowledged.. > • • * • • • • ....9,778 9«W . A. BOOTH. Treasurer, No. 95 Front street. The Committee have ,forwarded $8,500, and will r»iuit per Arubi*, „ou Wednesday next, the funds received by 13 o'clock asm' MILITARY MATTERS.—The great military drill for a prize will be held a:- the State Fair at Elizabeth City, Smith commander, from New-Orleans and Hivaua, New-Jtrety, on the 5th inst., at 3 p. m. The affair5 oe 25OS Thro' N. y. ObstrA-er... 12 00 .Mrs. John H. T&lraan... 73 oabers of the 71st Regiment t'., assemble, for a moonlight TUe Rusk Enquirer learns tbuta Yankee Abolition character, was sentenced la 1857 fort-l^ven yea's, tor Inctiuatox- evening. Line will b^ formed on the north aide of-•-K'mas MrynisUntitled Documentas a place for the storage and sale of second-had AarosKMENTs—Winter Garden.—This is the last WiUiama had wrought a " more than Eiucinian mys- orioe. On Saturday, Major Geo. B. Hall, on goitfcrv mmi *V. m'¥it„M week oi Professor Anderson find bis juvenile assistantstery" in the disappearance of a ca-pet bag, hie proper- ty, *' with all ita extraoidinary effects" and "charac- teristic spt 11-wrought "plcndor" —wftirjeWclry ia fine,r»f the pc lice they wiU escape; from the rigors of our Conzoittee, and, on the most satisfactory evidence, ances have proved eminently acceptable.. A great nut* valued at not less than $500. Sarah Williams was obdurate Hugh, discovered' nim ia aa eating houe^iM^ncc wa« concluded, tie policeman announced hia oih«r bnildi: g ever tbemine of the old on©;- ajid hts .t^mrlated revolt, do notVappear to have participated, ised. '-...'•suddenly was not, and the family sjeut f' a night in seemed a disposition on thepart of the City IuspectorW. wonder world." Combining the eubec<iuent eyiu»e- Department to have the a y ordinances carried out, Wreal character, and carriid off the astrologer to the he net canse to prefer dedicattpg tbem to. his country to any cor-siderable extent, in the preparations; thoughas an indelible munumect of'.the infamous act wiiich ia ao tase a recompeuse for his generous sentiments?By this same arrival we have the news .of a Concor- iSEe-r.Dr.Oag-odthua nairates bis tribulations with dathavingbeenclosedbetweenHaytiandtheCourtof .authors bteeUing biux to frocnre publishers for their Kome. Effort* bad been made for a long while to ei-T^-The Winter/Garden,as may be seen by the ad-vertiftment, wiu open for the Fail and Winter Se <soaon September 10th, under ne w management, and withall the surroundings necessary to insure succesa. Mr.The Columbus (Ga) Sun, of the 29th ult., A. W.. Jackson, the manager, haa committed the stage Smith of tbe FifteeuUi Ward, and committed to awaitFRIGHT m GEORGIA.work*: 4, * taHiah nearer relation* with the Holy See, but it is eajs: tu ihe charge of Mr. Fredericks, a gentleman long and the result of an examination.... Mr. John C. Hee .an*.•POLICE COMMISSIONERS AND TJCEIR DOINGS.—At*" .Jinny aa are the prid >d booka, moreover, thit do only after long and.tedious negotiations betweeea the *' By aprivate letter from Upper Georgia, we learn favorably known to the public. Tne etars who will appeared in the intellectual p«»rt of the town ou .Satur- the meeting of this Board on Saturday, the resigna-not pay fo» their ink andf >aper, the number of hooka parties concerned fhat the above result has been that^n insurrectionary plot had been discovered among day morning. He was atti red in the usual garments tion of Polio-man Campbell was received andaccepfes4Lthe encroachment* to which the power of the clergy is andconfined injail. They confessed tiat after destroy- wil figrt Mr. Morriseey for ten thousand dollar*capable of exposing it. ing the town of Dalton, they were to go out into tae Duvidge, J. Dunn, C. Thorne, Edwin, L-wler, Mar- aside, not liter tfcan .the 5th of next March.... ance with a resolution of the Board, ou the 1st hut." The Pope conctded to the Repub ic an Archbiehop little villages and vicinity and accomplish all they lowe, Lingbam, &c. Mr. Hayes will be scenic artist, ard-three Bishops. Their nomination belongs to the could in the work of destruction. They intended on and Mr. Mollenhauer will 1:ad the orchestra.The toroltiirfht parade of the firemen in honor of the Prince of Wales was considered; on Saturday evening by tbe Commutee of the Board of Foremen and En-Mr. George W. Embree, who has occupied the positio* of Chief Clerk since the organization of the preeest Department, haa been transferred to the office of Prop- erty Clerk.RAILROAD ACCIDENT.—A gad. and probably a fatal * accident occurred on the Hudson Kiver Railroad os$>rn£Sunday, moruing. When the twin due at Thirty-flrai*8treet_at 9:20 was within about a mils north of Ma*- battanvaie, the engineer, T. W. Greenaloh,' wast ale* byrJiefiremaulooking.outoftheengine.Hisioonf- panion's attention was called* in another direction'fori moment, and when he again turned he saw the e Vthe complete success with which it has terminated its the railroad as far aa they went. They had quantities Barmim's Museum —Managerial enterprise ia never October 13, when the masses, released from labor, can but with little hope of his recovery. Mr. G reenalcfc difficulties wiih the Holy Father.. • of arms in tbtir possea-ion, and white men instigatedvainly offered for the r*w,ird of money or fame. I am, asked fr«<rnoit»y to find a pnbBaher for books and President of Hsytv The bead of the Church has re- the eucceeding day (Monday) to go in a body to thearticles, and am spmesia,eli thontfbt to be cruaty for served f r himself only the right of supervision in con- railroad, and, after taking p«>68essi6n of the trdu, to Wallace's Tlieatre.—Miaa Jane Coombs and Georgenold* g out ao lit le p:oai^ .o, or d^cliniog to take charge tlrmirg-the nominationB. proceed down the road, atopping ais long as ther saw/ Jordan will appear here for five nights this week in gineers, The matter or" music made some trouble, ituoa.'Tv&eX&torof, gineer'juf t falling head foremost on the track. Th© train was stopped, and be was taken up and brought t*a T.ITKRAI X .QUESTION. . The S. Y. 1 -Onm*.':.We congratulate:the Government moet sincerely on Dalton say they expected to gain men and arms along myr*."^ * ."people were und*r arms, and had adopted measures to pr«. tect the wott en and children. Aa soon as the tr tin.'*'Fornesilythirtyyearspa3£,webad,ouseveral morning,ameetingofthecitizenswascalled,anda powersofthegymnasts.Iuadditiontothisattraction, forthelightsand.themusictotheextent*oftwenty- cccasious, opened negotiations with Rome, in order to stiorg guard appointed, who were relieved by another the regular company, inciting Zoyara and ti.e six five hundred dollars. Mr. Decker expressed thS beliefarrive at a concordat wiih her, and bur measures to that on Soxday. The military companies turned out, and Hanlonaappear every night..cery of Rome a treaty more advantageous, or one ttat made Jargor concession to the temporal power over the spiritual. > , .of the manager, and will ba continued every nighteffectrweretDever attended with any success, on account every precaution ^as taken.of the conditions which she wanted to impose upon us, " It is not thought that any of the negroes of Mari- and which wee-uld not accept. etta were concerned in it, though those arrested injVev Bowery Theater. The attraction at this house ia a new spectacular drama called " The Siege of Palthat tbe entire department, numbering more than 4,000men, would turn but, and that the pageant would beone of the moet brilliant ever seen in the metropolis.The parade will be made on the evening of Saturday, this city. All that could be done, for him waa done,ments were ma^e for the line of march, or the position from Chattanooga reached Marietta, on 8a*«rday this vteek. Tc-night the single trapese will test the of the Prince. Mayor Wood haa volunteered to payBi^z Reading in THK | *RIBCNE of Aug. 2T>an origi- ' "Our Church is. now regulated at last. Proviled the plot, though none have yet been arrested, for want at a stand still at this establishment, but fresh novel- all be astir. The line will be formed at 8 o'clock, had exchanged with another engineer to run this trainweather was propitious, tbe grounds in order, and the Hooley and Campbell's Mi-nstrcls.—This excellent .We need not harrow -up"the tax-payer's soul by men- ladiesoccupiedtheseatsplacedattheirdisposal,and night'atNiblo'sSaloon,whichplacetbeyhaveleased bepaid,simplybecaueeoftheentertainmentape-THE JOHN BROWN FUN'ji—DESTRUCTION OP SANTAANNA'S RESIDENcis—LETTER FROM LAMAR- spiracy, whoee malignant object ia the deeolatioruof the runs on a pretty equal footing. A •large number of company'of minstrels give their entertainment every tioning what Items. It is to be hoped the bill will notcountry, no wonder need be expressed at the suspicion thatexiststowardstrargersthatarefoundamongthem, and the Teadine* s of the people t^> rid themselves of all who cannot- establish their honesty of purpose. • Bat'•. of the Haytrian sub^cripti on to the John Brown fund of facts to the exaltation of suapiciocs to the dignity of the Empire Club at-'the .acjoinuog hotel," w^ere the Dusscldorjf Gailery.—Tnis fine exhibition is open and Sweetheart may wag their tails, and also their proof; and harrassing inquisition, if not absolute dan-, usual interchange of friendly sentiments, occurred, and night and day at No. 5-18 Broadway—the removal to irnocuousjaws. A truce was declared on Saturday.,TINE—CONCORDAT ROME.BETWEENHAYTI ANDBy the arrival of the bjjirk Echo, we have dates fromPort an Prixce to August Ut. The terms and extent thia state ofpublic fetling may lead to an exaggerationfully entered into the merits ofthe contest. The game for the Winter, season. Their programme is always a rmal of its details will affcrd....The gulden sun ofwas closed with a hospitable entertainment "given by good-one, andtheir peifo/mances always enjoyable. liberty has arisen on the race of dogs. Tray, Blance,5 1 Ward, 2d b... 1 4 Dt>wey, ». s... 2 4 Russell, c. C. 3 2 Calyer, 1. f.14 Leavy, 3d o3 12 23 12 23 0 .Reynolds.. Legg^tt... Polheoius.. Creig1 ton..Whfting... TotaL.'on his return to New-Orleans, .about the time the dis-. I'mpire, Mr. Samuel Patchen of tbe jCharter Oak his engagement at Waliack's, soon after the commence-THE MILITARY ENCAMPMENT AT ATHENS, N.'Y.— A few hundred well-dreesed and well-behaved men.iu military coetume, have been marching and counter-THK PRINCK OK W ALKS.—The Committee of Ar- rangements for the reception of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales in this city, will meet to-morrow at 2 p.m., at the Merchants' Bank, to arrange for the ball and to perfect the appointment of Committeesment at Ninlo's Garden, on Monday, the 17ti inst.administer to Mrs,. Cole a particular medicine of hi* own preparation, and finally did so. Shortly after. Mis. Cole became worse, and soon died in convulsions. Nothing w*3 suspected at the time, nor until Wickham himself made a demand upon the Insurance Company for the amount for which the fife of the deceased was insured.cident at Stamford a couple of-weeks ago, is.rapidlyup a large portion of the crowd, and enjoyed' itselfhappiness. On account of a reduction of the pre-mium paid on each animal, there has been afulling off of about 15 per "cent in the number ofcaptures. Tbe expenses of , the pound fortbe year have been about $3,000. Last yearttey "rose" $5,000."...The deceitful and despe-ratelywicked advertisement has becomeso flagrantthatweaie rejoiced to observe that Jacob T. Smithwas arrestrd on Saturday for swindling Mr. Barton B.Porter out of $100, which were deposited with him aaeecurity for faithful service in a situation advertised asat his disposal. Justice Keily committed Smith for ex-amination, -and other charges of like extortion will be contained a large amount of strychnine- Cole waa ar-plaint r'< «*e frcm hundreds of little vbices, " I tan't see city, and breathed breath that may dim the pol-'em." The '* Tannhauger.March," '"Selections from ished reputation of more tuan one aristocratic fered relief with ineffectual operations. Tne horsesthe Huguenots," and " A way Dawn South to Dixie,"the top.of the bridge or in * the road, while those who cicault?) is now engaged in preparing her experiences could only lind sending room clustered about the for tbe stage. The principal part will be sustained bymusicians, where the} maintained their grouud in spite. heieelf, so soon as the piece is introduced to a New-Iment, Capt. James A. Boyle, will celebrate theirdeparture, both companies were entertained by.a colla-reached New-Haven about <\\o'clock wherethey weremet by the ©3-members of the Blue£, commanded byex- Capt. Francif. • After the usual milit ary formalities,they mar.cb«<l through several oftbe principal streets, "Newspaper ExpTeea," have recently concluded awafl solicited, on account of business of much impor- C. Reed,$10; S H. A. 2. 12 CO Owren Colz«i..»value of a monopoly on any one of our great lines ofterm and circuit, will be in session oa the 17th inst. - *' OUR LEADING MKN" may get some verr *eo«-The Superior Court, general term, will beheld on Sept. 29. The trial terms of the Superior Court and Court of Common Pleas will not be iu session until the first Monday in October. Judge Ingraliam will sit at •hambera of the Supreme Court during the presentbje advice by having th«-ir heado exaibiund, theii real ebara©t*m pointed" out, tnd their nxcesnes and d^ticlenoies fully described, by Fowixn k WxtLa, at No. 308 Broadway. *of Chief Clerk, took possession of his office; iu accord-workmen.theemploy of the company. 'He had been some seven or eight years iaL. 25 M A. A. Hodjo, 'Bfrederica- 25 00 *bura;, VaW., Cohunbi v Ga 10 00 E. V. Sbot«rell.Mr. Prudon .'. 5 00 H. W. Sbotwell....J... S.U.R.,$10:P,AE.,5•1500JohnIL TaimauA. Cokino &: CoA. LselinJtCoHerman Bruen.Read* r of ObserverJ. A. H:,.$2;Cesh, $1. 3 00 Feuuer &. llardonburga. 25 OSs> VGAS FIXTURES.—Tjsjaloru and otKew are invite* to call «t our groat depc". fox Oas Klxttuo'i, A large atoek «f new^ ,v •I tfmlt.'•k'&mm4m*mfe-;i.,*:.,, *> &&m$MM0W>0^^-^t^^&^i',>••.Tho309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com.Tkii i»>w<»s^'^^M'^>a;a^ai^^'i>wgwNji 