 NEW YORK HERALD. 4 A I K I O O S - D O B B - S - B•MQH am rwrimw.a. v . oosxa* or » USAC am rcxfo* Srs. I H sold ft*were A m , with -alee or Jersey u d Soothers yellowspring trade,tintsfar, have been rather satisfac-FRAUCA* e? LAFanrs H r m u ..—M-BU J«_-_•,walking inoffensively through the streets withhis wife, the predecessor of Mr. Morgan, in will not long be able to console them- said to be a very fine artist, and thea we may spite of the clamors of politicians and the selves with this Illusion. The Southern expect to see some fun in Irving Place. prayers of philanthropy, allowed the law to traders are buying for future and not Meantime the public will enjoy the Opera,Defeated In their pertinacious attempt to •-j-innra ABBEICAN BOTBTJH.OOLD—OC- Fau-ow force the endorser of the Helper treason into -ILL T«_t u-irraas «• Iter 4 i_ I _ B I _ . the Speaker's chair, they changed their colors for a moment, and put forward a more nationaltake its course; and in the case of Stephens,irregular.11 ' c for 4were oa the b*«i_ of 11.V1-- * vUk «-nt aoiag at u»« -»•iKTBOVElttXT Qi THE ADlHMOT__~nC_I OF CBIMWAL Law.—We perceive that Judge 1^Tnana AM> Pounca.—The prospects & **•slavery and the perpetuation force.o f theUnion b ythe Southern mind. We are afraid that they return from Havana with his new tenor, who is1860. NEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, FpRUARY 4,,: •and with very little apparent suffering. The hang- love"—twofiimlitieswhich have nothing in com- metropolis while our police force is under its wise have made his expenses. We would re-street, we have flbt a doubt that if there had things in canvas or marble which promise wel 1. been an*iron stairway outside the building all Palmer Is at work upon another statue, whichis to be fully draped; heretofore he had done There is another fact connected with this only nude figures. "Artiste'Receptions" anding was bunglingly done by an Inexperienced per- , who, instead of cutting the rope, merely un- it, letting the body ascend gradually intomon. Mr. Hickman Is more defiant He clings present imbecile and inefficient management to the sectional conflict of eighteen Northerncommend, therefore, all vacillating politi-millions against eight Southern millions of men,the air. A full report will be found in another proclaims the certainty of conquest by the VERDICT rs THE 1*KMBERTON MILLS, CASK— to set themselves right on the goose question.TheverdictoftheCoroner'sjuryontheLaw- renoe catastrophe has just been rendered. They findnofaultwiththaownersofthePembertonNorth, and announces his determina- Tax DCTY OF MASSACHUSETTS.—After a lOng It Is one that appeals directly to their stomachstion to "first hang him as a traitor" andcarefulinvestigationintothecauseofthe andpockets,andiftheydonotendeavorto inthebasementpartofwhichwasoccupiedbyisgeinwhatarecalledthefirstcircles. There Is a good deal of nonsense talked at these re- unions,anditmaybestatedwithtruth,that,after all, the only customers' conversation which has the smallest possible interest, or is of any value to the painter, is an animated colloquy between an auctioneer and an enthusiastic bid- der, when one of the artist's works is under the hammer. That sort of art talk might go on in- terminably without boring him. The small•fill, hot censure the -aanufltctarer of the cast-ironpillars need in the building, and cist all the reepon-nihility of the massacre upon Charles L. Bigelow,the architect and superintendent of the structure. paint of the argument He proclaims the veryBetween the shavings and faggots used by theA synopsis of the verdict is given tat anotherSince the terrible destruction of life at Lawrence, gcarcely a day has passed that we have not ohrani- •led some fearful catastrophe. Yesterday we gave i n account of a steam boiler explosion and the loss tttwoUvea,IntheEasterndistrictofBrooklyn; to day we publish the details of a similar accident,nttended with a greater loss of life, which happened in tha Weatern district of that city. From the ac- eount referred to, it appears that at about half- past seven o'clock yesterday morning a frightful boiler explosion occurred in the hat factory of Ames A Molton, situated in SanfordStreet, between N ostrand and Park avenues, Brook-lyn, totally demolishing the building aad caningtha Immsdiito death of six persons, and the inju- vassed before the American people In the com- ring of eight or tan others—some oi them, perhaps, ing Presidential election. It Is the open pro-one, and the luciter matches, alcoholic com- AN OPERATIC WAX IN THE YANKEE ATHENS.— pounds, and other inflammable matters sold by the building, they attribute the immediate The time seems to be a particularly belligerent the other, there was but little chance of escapeto pot everything in order preparatory to com-mencing work for the day. Had the explosiontaken place one hour later, no one can foresee whatmight have resulted, ai there were ever two hun-dred persona employed in the factory the day be- Sherman, Grow and thirty-eight other black fore, and in all probability the number would not republican members of the present Congress, have been lees yesterday. practised by John Brown, and expiated by• tee of three hundred dollars waa yesterday him on the gallows. There is no evasion of the imposed upon Marriwiy, the pugilist, bytikecourt great fact. In an unguarded moment, wakedan irreverent press. There is no such thing as aquiet life in this part of the world. People upon to record several explosions of steamhandle the ropes. If they had raised five thou- sand dollars, and put it in the hands of the Corporation lobby, the matter might have been decided differently. Meantime Mayor Wood will, doubtless, make another nomina- tion to fill the vacancy in the Croton Board, and it is to be hoped that the friends of the»d in thefor much gossip to the quid nuncs of the Yan- street, Williamsburg, on Thursday, and another kee Athens—no doubt a godsend to the Bos- in a hat factory near Myrtle avenue, Brooklyn,toniaas, who, in the winter, are almost as triste yesterday. In the first instance two men wereinstantly killed and five wounded—not one of whom was employed in the building, all being engaged at work in neighboring shops and sta- bles. In the second case the building was blown to pieces by a terrific explosion, aad six menwereascertainedtobekilled,aadsome nine or more men and women wounded ia afiiafcMi for violatfca of the Izefoe law, and baaBttoraej -f^est n«M___lhl« „-_-_-_-,Union Club, who• an Union squareforthethe waning of industry, the non-employment of labor, the depreciation of property, the de- struction of credit, aad Oa universal rain ofthe parties implicated by the Coroner's jury as will in future deter othersfromexposing the lives of her poor operatives, either to satisfy a parsimonious spirit, or through sheer reckless-generally no tacts to speak of, and what there are signify nothing. It appears, however, that a war of a pecuniary nature broke out between Madame Gazzaaiga and the managers, Ullman aad Strakosch; that soma of the Boston papers took the matter up on the side of Gassaniga; that a personal rencontre occurred between Strakosch and toe of the editors—but no bones were broken. There have also been some smaller skirmishes between the stagers, aad marked differences of opinion between the generals in command of the forcea.frightful manner. lit both these cases we trust that, although a republican Speaker badthat a scrupulous investigation into the cause of elected, a o indications of public atennthe disasters will be entered upon. It has been been manifested. "Cotton was eleven costs aswannana,fog1 oa Mr. Faalk- families everywhere. The issue is before them, ness and indifference to the safety of thesesaid that the boilers in the distillery were old aad eaten away with rust, aad it would appear from the violence of the explosion, and the fact that the injured parties were a considerable distance,fatdifferent directions, from the build- ing, that there must have been aa immense presanre of steam oa when the aoctdeat took place. The exploaioa in AmetA Mouhonshat factory yesterday b attributed to w» foot that the water pipea were frozen, and, a large Ire being built under the boilers, steam waa generated too rapidly. It will be for the Coro- ner', jury to ascertain why a large ire was built until if was made certain that tin water pipes were not frozen, and to decide who is to blamewhofinthe North shall oppose the brutal and bloodypolicyofhisparty. Verily,thesealof new converts surpasses that of the old. Mr. Grow la more philosophical, but more to thea baker, and the other portion by a grocery andliquorstore. Twomoredangerousbusi- nesses could not well be carried on in a build-bloody work of destruction, preached by Phil- lips and Garrison, promulgated by Seward, taught by the Helper book, endorsed there byboilers in this city and its vicinity, which re-»t Buffalo, for his participation in the prisefightbe- from their sleep by a midnight serenade, iso- parts safe and secure; that such inspection astween Price aad KeBy. O'DonneU aad Briggs lated, without consultation, and without con. he required was given to the iron pillars, andWerefinedtwo hundred dollars each. cert, freshfroma partial triumph obtained by that any want of skill in designing, any error IntheCourtefOyer;aadTermineryesterday,theWith all these rumpuses going on in Con-gress, among the Aldermen, the editors, theparsons, and politicians, of high and low de-gree, we are not at all surprised to hearthat a warlike spirit has appeared in the walked almost within the shadow of the valley gence of Mr. Tucker's friends. coulisses of the Opera, and that the of deathof W P. Maynard, who was tried deception, and the treason of a representative of judgment in approving or adopting, aay iter of J. W. Zulkins, rendered a to the highest interests of his constituency, in want of due care and caution in properly test- A mile prosequi was enter- the great commercial metropolis of the Union, ing, the different parts of the structure on his of McCarthy, indicted with others these black republican leaders proclain their part, appearing to that extent, rendered htmmanagers and some of the singers, who are, liketheaffairs of their beloved Italy,always in some kind of a mess, have been giving causeWithin the past two days two more catas- trophes arising from this cause have oc- curred—one in a distillery on North FifthThe vote on Tucker's nomination shows that the Aldermen of the Tammany democracy and theblack republicans voted togetheragainst him, while the Mozart Hall democrats voted for him. It seems evident that Ma/or Wood's nomi- nees are to be opposed bj- this combination of Tammany democracy *-»d black republicanism, unless some coavs-dent arrangeaealmade with the Corporation lobby.RXPIRIJCAN Hrcvian-waas OF itsaifjniuii. ill the complimentary serenade to GoveraoaPea- afogtontheothernightMr.IHSHHSStookit upon himself to congratulate the asseasblage•ef Patrick Cosgrove,alias"Patseyresponsible for the direful catastrophe."hopes to gain possession of the government to abolish slavery, and to perpetuate the Union by force.Let the people ponder on the terrible conse- quences which such a conflict as this involves— overtothecountytreasury.Weare thabitterfeelingswhichitmustawakeninthe are nearly one thousand North, the terror and struggles for self-pre- roody to be placed in the hands of the servation in the South, the diminution of trade,as the wanderers in Goldsmith's "Deserted Vil- lage."use McCarthy as a sllasmThe attorney ef the Excise Coaurdasionera hasThis verdict, though it includes no charge ofmanslaughter against aay one, affords a soft-dent basis for the authorities to work upon;and we now call upon Massachusetts to defendherwhiteslaves—toprotectthelivingsad acleverpolitician.Insuchcasesthereare avenge the dead; to make such an example ofw^S"Sa~w~w ^~^~B ^ n * w ^aa^^m j ^^n^^a___^^^^a^_v a^a ana r j i_R^BBBBS 9 ^^a^^aa iAs for the facts in the case, they are envelop- ed in as much mystery as the plot of a high- pressure French melo-drama or the views ofconfirmed by the exultant revelations of the leaden of the mnatica, who would carry their brutal aad bloody theories to a successfulshould fail.TO ran Tax tax levy, having passed the Boardswhose value they measure only by the amount of profit which can be realised from their labor. It comes within the province of Grand Juries to originate indictments against person*, where substantial fonts going to prove the commission of crime exist, and the verdict of the jury la this case, as watt as the teetiaae-The whole affair is agood deal like Napoleonscampaign in Russia. When he found things getting too hot for him, he made all haste; towardsParis, leaving Ney to bring up the soar, aadstand all the cold weather, short commons andugly Cossacks. So Napoleon Ullman fled backupon the metropolis, leaving Marshal NeyStrakosch at tha mercy of infuriated prime la the matter.donne and the paHaaias of the press. Aad, It is now several weeks since a reaotutiouof the Common Council and received the ny taken before them, furnishes groundsMr*J° '« *Pproval, now goes to the Legislature enough for the action or a Grand Jury in the>0.600.~ and.for clean aB i t ISpremisea. We hope, thea, that the next Gas** Jury which sits in the town of Lawrence will not fail to take cognizance of this matter, aad we expect to see public opinion in the State of Massachusetts brought to boar upon it in an effectivemanner,fortheprotectionoftikepooroperatives, who contribute so nsaeh to i n wealth and prosperity, aad whose lives seemThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 130691•»_ —» <HL_ . .. -_ --1- Ai tillkoschhashadarather rough time ofit He Witt areas tha Connecticut frontier with the remnant of his forces and the Daughter of thebytheHERALD; bat wehavemotHave anyany steps taken to have the hundreds of boiler,no6 ap_rv. FIOQXwas b«*-y aad lower for Mate and graham is showing some vigor La the adminis- tory than otherwise. The effect of the politicala sadder and a wiserThe Little Napoleon of Irving place located under our sidewalks and in aU theactiva awwltteS would, It was expected, have stopped altoge-Soutiiern tration of the law. aid that he is sentencing a excitement growing oat, of the John Brownta- number of criminals to the penitentiary and raid and the contest for the Speakerahip1}M arranged the plan of a tmWeaa_p*iga, factories of the city examined? Wa Southern white ai tto. Oara m lew pleaty aad prices Governor Mwjaa realets the Importanithi of ther the Southern purCuier.. l i e noninter- which Is to commence at our Academy on Mon- that nothing will be done of a;•ad white ai Me. a Ste Pork continued firm, faaagh lees active, witfe tales of mess at tM a f 18 ft, aad aew priaaeat»14a$U26,andoldat$12a|12SO. Beefwaainistaaeu puIIia*»»rwj^i_Mt, corrupt poUtiollBl, and professional pardon beggars who make a living by their successful efforts to let convict*courte measures adopted by the Virginia, and recommended by several of the other Southern Legislatures, of course tended to confirm the apprehensions entertained by our merchantsday next; aad it is expected that the fashion- able world will turn out en masse to greet the return of little Patti, who comes hack crowned with Athenian laurels, presumed to be la thatracter until after a calamity occurs more ap- palling than the destruction of the Pembertoa Mills at Lawrence, with its hecstossb of vic- tims. The powers which assume to govern usto State prison. We alio observe thatsteady,and bKM, oil meaU aad lard were in fair re- and felons loose upon society. Hehasshawu on the subject So far, these fears have not district (he finest article of the kind to be are indifferent to everything but their own ia-queat aad prices Arm. Sugars were irmly held, while somefirmnessin refusing to abuse the pardon- been lealized. Not only does the Southern found in the world.dividual interests, and, unfortunately, the pub- lic can only be aroused by some fearful catas- trophe, to even a temporary feeling of horror and a passing aipimlon of sympathyTHE INEFFICIENCY OF THE POLICE.—Aabuyers itood aloof, aad aa'ea were qolte limited Thepublic ooflte sale wast off with apirit, aad the prices ob-tarned w e n quite fnU, aad the aale waa o w h a m it agoodone. The catalofnc embraced t , l « bagi of Rio, of members of the community. This hi a change which 2,000 w a n arid at 13c. a H X c averaging12 S-100c. at which 1,191 hap of the better qualities were withdrawn. Freightsfor the batter.To such a height had the evil grown by the_Cxwltatl»wsmm*,liev«i»tioma ortHe Black ofjuries,theconnivance ofdistrictattorneys,Rtpwbllraw Leaders—T*« Time leemc andthemockhumanityofGovernorsinnulli-Avowed* fying the operations of justice, that itbe- In their speeches at the serenade in Washing- came a question whether in this city athereisasuperabundanceofgoodsinthemar- of the little Napoleon, aad having for toconcentrate.sorepoweriatheSuperintea-ket,thisdispositionisfortunate,foritmakes theirultimateobjectanalliancewithMaretzek, dentofPolice,aadgreatseapplaiatmmadeton, which we published exclusively yesterday, the black republican leaden—Pennington, Sherman, Hickman andGrow—boldlyarow, amidtheirexultations,thatthetrueissuefor which they are contending, aad which they hope triumphantly to carry, is the abolitionofupfor thefoilingoff intheWesterntrade,oc- whohasbeena sort of Garibaldi among the casionedby the lid. of money in that region. -impresarii, and rather likes i t He is at thethattheCommissioners have stripped himof authority which be claimed to belong to him. The Commissioners have curtailed his powers, only because they found him inefficient He is anoldfogy,utterlyunlitforthepostwhichhe occupies,aadforwhichheissoextravsgaatiy paid, though he holds another office ia a dis- tant city of the State. All that he has ever shown himself good for is in interfering with the newsboys and preventing citizens from en-joying rational recreation or refreshment atlager bier saloons on Sunday, thus abridgingby despotism the personal liberty guaranteeding power, thus showing true mercy to the innocent by protecting thenfromthe dangeroustable open with its usual briskness, but it isobserved that the purchases are much largerthan those made in any former years. WhilstWestern men are buying but Utile, the South-ern merchants seem to be investing all the cashBut the Bostonian war may not be settled by the retreat of Strakosch. The allies may pur- sue him across the frontier, and quarter them- selves about the Washington statue in UnionIndulgence and incompetency of judges, theloose practice with regard to the empanneliiugthat they can spare In goods which are evi- square. There are rumors of fresh com-dently not intended for present demand. As binations germinated in the mighty brain effort is being made to induce the LegislatureThe Southern men have plenty of cash, and, Havana, making, they say, a great deal of with an eye to events, they are making profita- money, aad he very naturally turns up his nosefelon could be convicted of a capitalcrime upon any evidence, and, if by chance,heshouldbeconvicted,whethertherewasanychanceofhiseversufferingthepenaltyduetohis crime. In the case of the young drunkenrowdy Rodgers, who took the life of a man the recent political agitation has produced on of little Petti. la a short time Maretzek willfor present purposes. They are laying in without caring much for the squabbles amongbleuse of it Theblack republicanswillof attheideaofaayoatangHngallianceswiththe coursepointtothemagnitudeoftheirpur- autocratsofIrvingplace,',whoonlyescapedachases as an evidence of the little effect which Waterloo defeat by a miracle in the shapeby the constitution of the State and the consti- D_*cm, *a—Wa Com* Faoa m Hiua. man than themselves as their standard bearer. convicted of the coldblooded murder of his stocks which are intended to last them the managers or the artists. They are gene- tution of the United States. Such a man isnunSALOON Bt«-Underthedisguiseofhisconservatismtheywifebypoison,andhangedyesterdayInourforseveralseasons.Asthegrowthofthena-rallysoabsurd,andthepartiesengagedareonlyfittopresideoveraPuritanicalholyin-wrmwu i* aowaa,D_ D-r'f Paw Taaa C___t I N UN.Bew Yorw., Saturday, February 4, I860.secured the defeat of the true conservative ele- ments in Congress; but the simple comparison of the speech of Pennington with those ofcity prison, the Governor permitted the law tohave its victim, of which there appeared to betive manufactures by which they are preparing so delightfully serious while they are going on,to replace Northern products will necessarily as to be the most deliciously piquant comical quisition. The police are inefficient, because the pious Pilsbury is inefficient and does notI . '' = = Sherman, Hickman and Grow reveals at oncethat the same ingenuity of lawyers and incom- selves with goods sufficient to last them during world. proper discipline, because the Superintendentgreatdoubtinthepublicmind. Itwasbelieved beslow, they are compelledto supplythem- andatthe same time harmless things inthe understandhisbusiness. Thepolicearewitbeetpetence of Judges which baffled the adminis- the interval. It has become the more necessaryTha newa from Washington this morning is inter- principles of the party which has elected him, or, tration of the law so effectually in the case of to do this from the fact that .the election of a THE FIDE IN ELM STREET—Ont INDIFFERENCE is incompetent What is wanted is not tinker-T h e N e w s . bow grossly the Speaker elect misjudges theesting. The republicans carried oat their pro- if he is not deceived, how great is his hypocrisy, Cancemi, and at length robbed justice of half republican Speaker may be followed by that of TO iHE SUGGESTIONS OF EXPERIENCE.—The cir-its due, would be ultimately triumphant in the a republican President, which w/>uld lead to case of Stephens, the execution of whose sen- an immediate severance of the commercialing of the police law, which would require to be totally repealed before It could be Im- proved,butabetterclassofmen; andtogive more power to Pilsbury would be the worst possible way to accomplish that end.gramme for the organisation of the House by elect- and how imminent is the danger which his pro- ing Mr. Forney,Clerk and Mr. Hoffman, of Maryland,Bergeant-at-Arms. The (flection of a Doorkeeper fessions are used to conceal. In these and the division of the printing spoils were reserved speeches the black republican leaders confess for farther consideration, Mr. Phelps introduced a to the truth of every charge that we have bill making appropriations for the Post Office De- brought against them. They repeat the brutal partment. It appropriates $10,000,000, four mil-tence his counsel, by quirks and quidditiessucceeded in deferring so long. Indeed, manywere prepared to assert his innocence to therelations of North and South.In spending their money thus freely amongst us, it must not be imagined that the Southerncumstances of the terrible catastrophe that oc-curred in Elm street on Thursday evening fur-nish another illustration of the little attentionthatispaidbyourcivicandlegislative autho-rities to the recommendations offered them forthe prevention of such calamities. Since thatmonster evil, the tenement house system, has lately a wonderful outbreak of enthusiasmand bloody social philosophy of Seward while lions of "which are for deficiencies. Notice was affecting to deny i t They acknowledge theirend, and doubtless would have done so hadnot bis attempt to commit another murder been traders are forgetful of the principles whichPROGRESS OF AMERICAN ART.—There has been among the wealthy classes of the metropolisgiven of a bill providing for a revision of the tariff:The republicans in Washington were jubilant last identity of principles with the incendiary andhave been so strenuously insisted upon by theirLegislatures and conventions. They confinetheir dealings strictly to those houses which arebeen fixed upon us, Mr. Baker, the Fire Marshalof New York, has been continually urging in upon the subject of art The recent chefnight over the election ef Forney. They paradedabout the town, accompanied by a band of music,Aad calked upon Forney and his especial friendsand supporters. Forney, Hickman aad Ha&kinmade epeeches, aad Haakin read a letter of For-ney's apologising for the celebrated Forrest letter. smooth over the Harper's Ferry affair as aThe speeches aad the letter are published among "nine days' wonder." In this light expressionour despatches, so that all the world may readthem. Mr. Pennington shows how little he compre-hends the conflict that Is raging around him, The State Senate yesterday waa engaged in a and the party that is using him.his reports the necessity of having iron stair- cases erected outside all buildings of this cha-warm discasaion upon a motion to authorise thecommittee on nominations for Harbor Masters sadOther officers to send fear persons and papers. A•ketch of the debate is given in our report of the grave Import to every man in this country. In proceedings. In the Assembly several bills were their general tone they are bitter from a sense read a third time and passed. They were mostlyof a local character. Atmong the bills introduced wore two more for railroads in New York. Notice Waa given of a large number of bills for various purposes.made to feel the influence of these political con-Russell belongs the credit of inaugurating this siderations. Only those houses are frequented cumstance in itself is a strong temptation toCoast Scenes, b y Achenbach, $1,600; Land- scape, by A. B. Durand, $320; Indian Rendez- vous, by J. F. Kenaett, $325; Game and Reality,The execution of James Stephens, the wife poi- aoner, took place yesterday morning in the city prison, at twenty-one minutes to ten o'clock. Theof partial defeat In the forced withdrawal of Sherman. This gentleman exults that in twelve hours the evils which are foreseen as the result of a black republican triumph have not been consummated; then he exclaims that "we will beat down their prejudices," and Immediately, as if fearing that he had confessed too much,ment—the Fifth Avenue Hotel—has been one of the largest gainers by the operation of this principle of sectional distinction. The fact of its owner having other hotels down South, and of his being a hearty opponent of all disturb-ing political influences, has filled his house tothat will diminish as much as possible the risk incurred by the poor people who are crowded into their confined limits. The Fire Marshal's suggestion would be the most efficient protec- tion that could be afforded them in case of fire; and had it been adopted when it was firstW. Shayer, Sr., $300; Boy and Rabbits, by J. T. Peele, $220; Elm Tree, b y A. F . Bellows, $225; Landscape, by J. W. Caatlaer, $152; Winter aad Summer,by Gignoux, $200; Picaboo, by Scales- singer, $405; Sheep Feeding, by T. S. Cooper, $160; Interior, by Mayer, $275.revolutionary doctrines of Helper's book, whichboth Sherman and Grow had endorsed, whilethey brand him as a "crazy fanatic" They sassins may be hanged in New York. sanction the raid of John Brown, in urging thed'eeuvres of American art exhibited here, the statuary of Palmer, Barbee and others, and the pictures of Church, Page and Kossiter, haveconflict of which it is a part, and endeavor toThis is a gratifying and salutary reform—a perienced in the transactions of thefirmswhich of escape in the event of fire. Nothing can be stimulated the connoisseurs and encouraged the new movement in the right direction—which are tainted with the black republican heresy more proper, nothing can be more imperative artists. As a practical proof of this we notice has not yet gone far enough, but which. we in its humanity, than this suggestion. The that at an auction sale of paintings this week theBut there Is in these exultant revelations of the black republican leaders much matter ofchange. Amidst the threats of the politicians, the menaces of the confederates of the crimi- nals, the offer of bribes, the abuse of the press, and last, not least, the intercession of mistaken philanthropists, he sternly maintained the even tenor of his way, and set an example of firm- ness to Judges and Governors which is begin- ning to be sensibly felt in the community. He rendered the law what it was intended to be, "a terror to the evil doer," and others are fol-bySouthern visiters the proprietors ofwhich are landlords to increase the condition of insecuri-known to be conservative in their opinions and ty which their parsimony connects with them.opposed to the disunion schemes of the black It Is obviously the duty of the Legislature to by C. De Groux, $450; Washington and Gene- republicans. The new mammoth establish- impose upon them restrictions and regulations rals, by W. S. Mason, $400; Gipsy Gossip, bydiscovered. But the wretched criminal has at last paid the forfeit of his life, and the fact is now established that poisoners and other as-will, we suspect, make more converts than any following prices were realized:—Murray's De- hope will make further progress every day, till amount of political argument that could be owners of these dwellings make enormoushuman life Is as secure in this city as in any other civilized city in the world. To Judgebrought to bear upon them. Even the hotels areprofits out of them, and the higher they are fence of Toleration, by P. F. Rothennel, $600; built the more they gain by them. This cir- New England Scenery, by F. E. Church, $1,600;known to be well affected towards the interestsof the South. The falling off that Is being ex- racter, in order to afford the inmates a chancelowing In his wake. But we cannot hope to overflowing, and enabled him to do a prosper- made, hundreds of valuable lives would haveWe hear that our artists, both at home and culpritdiedprotestinghisinnocencetothelast,announcesthat"wewilldoitwithfirmnessandseecrimeabatedtoanygreatextentinthisousbusinessatatimewhenhemightnotother-beensaved.IntherecentdisasterinElmabroad,areallhardatwork,andhavemanyessence of abolitionism. According to his ex-position of the doctrines of the black republi-can party, they hold that all men, without dis-tinction, are entitled to their liberty; that thereis now going on a great conflict between twosystems of labor, or, as Mr. Seward expressesit"anirrepressibleconflictinwhichslavery«floortimbersrested. Theresponsibilityofthe greeableamountofquarrelling,fightingand areofopinionthatalawshouldbepassedpro-must be extended over thefieldsof New York and Massachusetts, or free labor over the cotton, sugar, tobacco and rice fields of the slave States," and he claims that the government of the country shall wield its power in behalf of the free labor of the North and the South.Here we have the true issue that is to be can-safety to which all should be compelled to con- form. In the case oftenementhouses, the Legis- lature cannot be sufficiently strict in its super-whose name Mayor Wood sent before the Board of Aldermen, as President of the Croton Board, received a quietus at the last meeting of thatUntitled Documentcians who have commercial interests at stakethe Inmates might have been rescued.fire which is equally suggestive. It originated "Art Conversaziones" are getting to be all theshocking catastrophe at the Pemberton Mills, repair the mischief which the support given toLawrence,Massachusetts,theCoroner'sjury blackrepublicansandabolitionfanaticshashave brought in their verdict They find that brought about it will be too late by and byethe evidence does not warrant the belief that for them to escape the ruinous consequences of ing inhabited by such a number of families. the owners of the mill were cognisant of its their hesitancy.unsafe condition. Without referring to the character or insecurity of the foundations ofcause of the disaster to defects In the cast iron one. Although the country is nominally at from some accident of this kind. As the talk of connoisseurs makes him laugh ia hispillars which supported the floors, and the peace with itself and all the world, including ground floor of tenement houses is generally thinness of the brick walls upon which the the rest of mankind, there is still a most disa- let to persons engaged in these callings, wesleeve or go to sleep. The true way to en- courage art is to buy good works aad pay a good price for them. We hope our merchant princes, bankers, and soon, will bear that in mind.fearful loss of life which resulted from the foilsquabbling over certain political, social, moral hibiting the landlords from hiring their base- of the mill Is divided between Mr. Albert and religious questions. Thus we have seen a ments for stores of a hazardous character. Fuller, the former contracting agent of the grand row going on at Washington during eight Whilst we advocate the right of every man toEagle Iron Foundry, at West Boston, who sap- weeks. Grave Senators have lost their tempers, the free disposal of his property, there areplied the pillars, and Mr. Charles L. Bigelow, the architect and superintendent of the build- ing, whose duty it was to test the quality of the iron, and under whose immediate super- vision the entire work was executed. It isTHE FATE OF MATOR WOOD'S NOMINEES.— and gray-headed Representatives have called limits dictated by public policy and public The nomination of Mr. Gideon J. Tucker,fatally. The building waa a new one, and clamation of a crusade by the North against manifest from the language of the jury thatbad been in use only about a week. the existing order of things, the relations of they place the heaviest responsibility upon Mr. the business of the spoils, has had an intestine they but too frequently induce them to forget Officer, was referred to a committee for inquiryProvidentially, there, ware but few persona society, and the foundation of all values, in fif- Bigelow, for they say:—"That upon Charles L. difficulty of the most comical kind, growing all considerations of humanity and decency. as to bis qualifications, but it is quite pro-In the factory at the time. The hoar of com- teen States of this Union. The object is to gain mencing work wasfixedfor eight o'clock, and con- possession of the federal administration, andsequently none were present but those immediate- the legislative powers of Congress, in ly connected with the engine, or whose duties were order to prostitute them to the brutal andBigelow, being the architect as well as the out of a dispute as to the best method of re- superintendent of this structure, rests all the pairing the Injury done to its public virtue byresponsibility arising from an insufficient test of said pillars, and from any and every defect, weakness and insecurity apparent in and about the general construction of said build- ing; that the walls were laid under his super- vision; that the timbers and floorings were in every respect constructed and located as he originally designed; that the inner supports, of cast iron, previous to erection, had his ap- proval, and were by him adopted as in allbable that he will be similarly dealt with whenMORE CALAMITIES FROM BOILER EXPLOSIONS.— the question-comes to a vote. It Is evident that Within a few months past we have been called the friends of Mr. Tucker do not know how toeach other bad names. The journalists havenot been behindhand in this matter, but havewarred right merrily among themselves. Eventhat Immaculate body, the Common Council of vision of the proceedings of landlords, for the body, Mr. Tucker being rejected by a vote of New York, which generally confines itself to temptations to their cupidity are so great that tentosix. The name of Dr. Bradford, as Healthenjoy a row with true Hibernian gusto; everyone seems to be walking about, challenging sulted in loss of life, and we have repeatedly everybody else to tread on the tail of his coat commented upon the negligence of parties usingsteam in a crowded metropolis like tills, whichdaily exposed the lives and limbs of unsus-pecting citizens, quietly pursuing their avoca-tions through our streets, unconscious that they* next nominee will take a hint from the negli-pound and upwards; slase properly bad re- mained the same la values and stocksvaaeed." The hoaonhle gentkavarather wildly when ha ielivered himself alto r this jubilant fashion We are nat disposed to criticise too severely poetpraadieibut we are compeited to call to histhe fact that tha font effect of themeet of the eleetion of a republican Speaker ia thlacity was to eanes a decline ia aseuritiee of all kinds. Nothing can be atom natural than this remit. Conservative men. cannot hut aee ia this event the fofsahedowiae of tha election of a republics* President U November next, with ite train ef dire cmseqitencea,involving the complete ^urupttoa of thepolitical aad commercial tie* which bind aelwsia tha singers in the front the editors was adopted by the Common Cunortl ni New together the North »_d 8outb. Tee re-charging on his flanks, right sad left, and the lawyers worrying hit rear, Marshal Ney 'Stra-Yoik providing for a bureau of eteam hotter inspection—a measure originated aud forciblypublican orators, aa '.hey are trlumpHaut, can afford to be modest as to their tecte. One www.fultonhistory.com 