 and eous»nved to the removal c f iNEW YORK HERALD. C!san.ber!*«, and the appoiotmeat of N. 0. PlaU to the vacant oflee. therefore, In order to re-n^veJ A M B . * O O B D O I B K B f M B T T . all further doubt respecting the validity of said rereccgnirc the truth of the axiom, "the world U?governed too mach,' pass the appropriationbai*, and go home, to bore their loog-suflVring constituents from the stump. We have had quite enough of their rigmarole for oneeeaeion.concern were to remain in the same state it would soon go to smash. And what must the re suit be if the affairs of the metropolis are congislation will therefore be necessary tovent this drain on the already artanttti popu- lation of Ireland.I E W S m *HA Y AIJLE 3 1 I 0 1 AMD PwOMUKIOSC»iIC« K w. cotKta or u*»«tp *>D rcLtOK tr».moval and appointment, the Board do now ratify aad renew it* advice and consent to the removal of the said A. V. Stout from the office of O y Chamberlain, aa recommended by the Mayor, aadbreak np any business house T Rain and bank- ruptcy mast necessarily follow such a condi- tion of things.Alarmlaaa- Ca&eumcter.The cattle disease in New England, which hasexisted these for upwards of a year, still conti-thai port yesterday evening, we harsto the 37th uK., from New Orteaas to U * from Jamaica to the 7th alt* • • * . , a*ru ytu «**-r r<-*.«^« **«*• •* '•r"«»l «••"•"'w"0" to the appointment of N. C PUttto t'^e aaid office. engaged on the subject of a telegraph line fromnues, and that to such an alarming extent as tor ? S i ? C ^ « l I b t u i f t H TO SB4J. AU. UtTTSSS AW» FAOS- *4jJotJr*V/< * *'**» «f " • I * " " owr«yaia>iM« W» <a»—*from Governor Basks—an Interesting document, which will be found In our columns this morn- ing. The importance of the cow as a domestic snimal. for its supply of milk, butter, cheese, beef and veal, can hardly bo overestimated. A disease, therefore, which sweeps it away in such numbers, aad at the same time endangers the•OWSST mo o u u OP THiEranrra STBXIT AMD FOURTH moremeat In cassia yesterday. The sales embracedATl!TOB.-<JAUfOMi4 MssAOsais.•«w ¥«rk, Krt*»jr. Jan« 1, 1S60.Tlno News.Both honses of Congress were occupied yester-day with the public printing question. In the Senatemajority sad minoTity reports from the committeeappointedtoinvestigate lato the paymentsmadeby the gwrernment printer to various newspapers T h e W o r k o f C o a a g r o s s — P e t e r F c m k s let nod for electioneering purposes, Ac, were pre- the Hosase.sented. A »i nopiis of these documents is given inThe Thirty-sixth Congress will occupy aOUT telegraphic report of the Congressional memorable place in the list of the world's in-proceedings. The majority report entirely exone- capable governors. The branch in whichrates the President from any knowledge of the nearly ail important measures must be ori- division of the priuting spoil* among the beggarly ginated came together in December under the editors of partissn newspapers, and recommends pressure of very ominous circumitances. As aa in qui;)-as to the expediency oi providing bylaw neither party had a clear majority of the House, for the printing being done by contractor other-reducing certain expenditures, were proposedThe Senate yesterday, in executive session, spent four houra in earnest debate on the Mexican treaty, andfinallyrejected it by a large majority.Judge Daniel, of the United States Supreme Cvart, died yesterday, at Richmond, Vn.the royalists, in which the latter were repulsed. The despatch from Rome states that a battle had taken place a short distance from Palermo, between ihe hostile forces, In which Osiibaldt'a troops trere completely beaten, leaving a large number killed and wounded.it made its appearance over twelve months them. With the Tribune philosopher, the been brought into the State with an importa-We Lave later accounts from Sicily—later thanthe ad vices published in the London papers up tothe departure of the Arabia. The despatches are brated. The House was continually in a state dated at Palermo on the lGtb, and Rome on the18th of May. The first mentioned despatch re-porta an engagement at a town eight miles fromPalermo, between the troops under Garibaldi andThe attention of the Massachusetts Legisla-By the arrival of the St Louis at this port yester-day we lave advices from Havana to the 27th ultThe news is unimportant. It is reported that Mr.Fowler the defaulting Postmaster of this city, wasin Havana. The sugar market was rather moreactive, inferior qualities being more in demand.Molasses continued dull, while freight! remainedinactive. The United States steamer Mohawk waaat Bemedioa and Sagua la Grande, and the Wyan- law. The republicans, who have control of dot off Trinidad when last heard from—all well.THREATENEDThe government of Switzerland having ordered home the Swiss mercenaries who used to fight for the P ope, and who com- mitted such a bloody massacre on his sub- jects at Perugia last year, his Holiness was compelled to resort to Ireland to find soldiers to put down rebellion, to keep in chains those who are ready to throw them off, and to enslave those who are already free—strange employ- ment for Irishmen, who have for ages felt the iron of the British yoke enter their own souls. The thousand Irish troops lately reported in the Pope's dominions are no doubt the result of this enlistment. The British government, how- ever, thinks it has gone on long enough, and Mr. Cardwell stated In its behalf in Parliament, on the 11th of May, that the provisions of the Enlistment alct would be strictly carried out. and a stop put to the further supply of troops from Ireland to the sovereign Pontiff.It is not that the British government sympa- thize with the Italian cause that they take this measure; but they are afraid that Ireland will become depopulated, and that there will be no fighting men left to man their army and navy or till the soil. The highlands of Scotland have been depopulated by the anti-slavery nobility, who value sheep and deer more than men. and the English government ha3 ceased to enlist those hardy mountaineers who bore its standard to the front of every fight. The population of Ireland, from various causes recently adverted to in this journal, has dwindled down to such* an extent as to alarm the British government, and has been the subject of frequent remark inWe are informed that the steamship Bremen did not sail on the 16th ult from Southampton, as heretofore advertised, and will not leave that port before the 13tL instantthe House, commenced business with the Al- mighty Nigger as their stock in trade. After a brief time they ascertained that too much nig- ger was bad for the national digestion, and that the floating voters in the Middle and West- ern States were quite nauseated with blackYesterday was the last day for receiving taxes inpayment of the tax levy for this year. The aggre- draught By way of a tonic they brought in, gate payments since the 1st of last September,when the taxe* became due, amount to $8,9J7,683 69, first, the Homestead bill; second, the Pacificleating still due 1923,318 56 on the tax levy for 1*60. All taxes now remaining unpaid will forth- with be sent into the Bureau of Arrears for collec- tion, and if not paid in three years the assessed property will be sold at auction.The bulk of people pursuing avocations re- quir.jg license?, such as pawnbrokers, intelligence office keepers, junk dealers and drivers of stages and junk carta, took out their licenses yesterday at the City Hall, it being the last day allowed them for the purpose. The payments for licenses thus far taken out foot up $3,899. Daring the present month hack, omnibus and cart owners take out their licenses.The Commissioners of Charities and Correction adopted a report of their Committee on the Whole reporting in favor of sundry reforms in the institu' lions. They were also informed by the Presidentthat a Chinaman, diseased with leprosy, has been sent to BlackwelTs Island to a place of seclusion. The number in the Institutions now is 7,306, being a decrease of 63 for the past week.Railway scheme; third, a new tariff, intended to conciliate the iron founders of Pennsylvania and the manufacturing interests of the North generally; and fourth, as a bomb for the demo- cracy, the tremendous investigating committee of Covode, Forney, Ha&kin &Co.What has been done with all these measures?A letter from Mr. Albert Horn will be found inanother column, by which it will be seen that thestatement that the steamer City of Norfolk wasseized on Wednesday under suspicion of being in- pondents, and promptly spread before our tended for the slave trade waa a mistake, and is notDIOGENES AMONGST THE BLACK REPUBLICANS.— Palmerston's organ—on the 15th ult. came out of the sins and shortcomings of those op-Aideiman Owens moved to lay the ce&oluU<in on the table. Lost—ayes 5, najs 11. The resolution confirming the appointment of Mr. Piatt waa theu adopted by a ?ote of 11 to 5 - Mew*. Smith, Brady, the President, Boole and Owen* voting in tha eegative. The Board then adjourned to Monday seatThe Excise CoffiUUtfiooers granted nine Uceoses, at thirty dollars each, yesterday, which make a total of eighty licenses granted siuoe the comthe Mfaslaeippi to the Pacific coast, and there are parties willing to undertake It for $60,000 a year, while Congress, we believe, is not iis- posed to grant more than $40,000; while again there are other parties anxious that the con- tract should be defeated altogether, in the ex- pectation of ultimately making a larger sum out of tbe projectindustrial or profsssaoaal pnrsaU at that cttf o>* stsa. where.The oew paper printed in Bng'oah was wlaaiar f»» w, and was warmly wsteosaod by the aotaartilss aaa ttothere was so BOWS of importance frost JamaicaThs massage of MontssisgTS, Pnsidsat of Costa to the newly organized Congress, was rsesiiod with i favjr b v t h e people, and was regarded as a verv t aod practical document It offered maav suthe developemeat or ths resources of the coaatry.home to every man's business and bosom." Itis a very proper subject for a Governor's mes-sage, and it becomes a matter of deep interestto the whole community, so as that wheneverthe distemper makes its appearance in a par-ticular locality, prompt measures may be takento arrest its progress. At present it is confinedto New England, and chiefly Massachusetts; butnone can toll how soon its ravages may extendto, other States, and all, therefore, ought to beprepared for its first appearance. A smalleffort in the beginning may extirpate thisplague. The greatest efforts may fail when it the health of Havana was good.There can be no doubt that tbe Western lines » W »» «*• waaaar BmmuM, FSBM-V i i u M , a«J <«CA* msacemeot of operatioos this year. They have now in operation and in course of construction, Jo* I'MJMTlfit,, ***** « * * •*»<*•«• cfc*r|m«» «»1 de- held fifteen of the fifty meetings which the law re which, in any event, will have to make the con-health of the community by unsound milk,u n i r a s OAJUMX. I A Java.SM.OM boxes, scatast SM,en Snipped last week M,OOC IW LUUACK I THaU.T*nvS>rsBA««r-^»waAA»»* • • * • •advanced, both psr Karopeaa carriers aad < s*», aad win oowtlaa* up.THIS BTKAIJia.The businrss in the markets la sugars aad trwtghas were vary aotveth« past wesk, the basis of No Is was state 8 , reals per aroOe. Ths Stock oo handLACSA U U n " » * » * / * * * * ' W ~ I " T — I -• • « •©WsTST. awwaty.-Jtarw CaaAt-Saosssto I t * srsmta* Ss. os Short saght so K,w Qr-No American vessels of war wart ta pott OUB HAVANA COKRESTOKnawCl.HATAHA.Mayr.tSM apculatUm at ta Tamwany flail and At She l'«r* P* Office aitdJP«r»wufer-/«aac F. M r JM in Brut tmt Cmbt—fli* A s * Engluk Paper—Official Patrmt*</ the Captain General /or fke Benefit af (Mam 0m mereial ReparU-lIeaZtk, 4c~, dcThat speculation may cease, Tammany Hall be faietot,aad the general apprehension of fiisads be composei as to ire personal safety of the late Pottssatstr of ths etty of New York, Isaac V. Fowler, I report It them that hs Is too brave for endurance of his mlaftrtnnes ts eoamtt suicide, and too prndent to have gons to Oaaada for the purpxe of embarking for Brattt, where hs might have been followed and sold by the very leech ss who have revelled to his apparent official prosperity, before hs could have secured a passage. He is sire in the cty of Havana, bearing bis mortification and troubles as well as one can who haa been too saegu.ne, too confident in those surrounding him, too generous, with an unreasonable bope, siwaya, that the world would turn over, aad poor the means into his lap to make gooi the deficiencies tahis accounts. The confidence, the prudence and ths bope, all fallacious. A stern integrity, ktowiag no frtsnd - ebip and no poMtieal obligations, alone coul 1 hars tared him from the fearful consequences of bis position, with hit peculiar liberal tendencies, exercised without due reflec- tion—not owing, probably, to any personal extravagaaet of bis own—and yet the criminality cannot be dirtied or distributed through the various channels which have consumed the money. He must boar all ths odium; aad rust he baa been grossly doped, gives no cotao'.s'.jn while be is suffering bitter puniahment for his defalcatioa. There were some true friends found at the moment tnsf were required, and in consequence of their Joint action and Providence, llr. Isaac V. Fowler aa hart ss yet not recoguized. He has only means to provide ths aecessa- ries of life and to aid in the commencement of tome lndus- tilalor profeeetooal par suit, el her hers or elsewhere He srrivrd in this city by a late steamer from New York.The new paper in the Eognth language is quietly win- cing favor with all these who can read it, sad ta uberaily auataired and welcomed by the authorities and ths piees It is one of the evidences of the entire sincerity of Ceo. Serrano in his aJminiitratioo of Cuban affaira, that the Creoles of Cut* fill all the most important working departments, upon which hinges the veritable aeUoa of ths government There are one hundred Cubans in official poattion where there la one old Spain Spaniard, althoughit te true that the chief? of bureaus, departments, &c, are Spaniards. The benefits are mors distributed among ths erodes in cleikabipa (»l,Cto per annum) than among foreigners. They get all they are competent for—aa much ss they deserve or are qqalined for. At a general thing the Cuban it a listless being, better fitted for tors.^...^.••t 1»»quires to be held snnualfy. Their next meeung takes place today.A tornado passed over Cattaraugus, New York* sod neighboring towns, on Wednesday afternoon, entirely destroying several dwelling houses, and in-juring several persons, some of them seriously. The damage is estimated at $2 5,000.Tbe tales of cotton yestsrdar osaltraoed about 1,500 kt'«a The auiket eteeed dull on tbe baal* ot an Hit U ^ c allh'cfor middling uplands. The floor marketwas or mer, especially for Slate and Western brands, which closed at aa advance of five cents par barret Wheat was in fair demaad, with sales of Western andnections on the Mississippi border, are tbe most interested in this matter, and it would be well for Congress to take into consideration whether they are not the most fit parties to ob- tain the contractThe telegraph system of this country is the largest in the world, and is more extensively used by the press and the masses than in any other country. The telegraph interest is an immense one, not alone as far as its great importance to the public as a disseminator ofand has the referee, Mr. Seward, on his side. Greeley, like Heenan, stands the acknowledged victor in the conflict; he has driven Raymond to the ropes, and the referee has left the ring. There is a general rough and tumble fight going on among the republican press and politicians all over the country, and the only real sufferer is "honest old Abe Lincoln," who is quite over- looked in the row which has been kicked up over the grave of the lamented Sage of Au- burn.As we predicted some days ago, the comba- tants in tills journalistic mill have quite ignored the merits of the case, and have commenced calling each other bad names, and theyThs murderers of Asgasrs, PoMUcal Secretary, saw St sufler the extreme penalty of ths law thai wee*, en ths spot whsre thtlr crime was osmmiUed, tn front of ths sng gates, between the Hosjesrnats aad ths Taosa thsatr*.t O M W . .EA»jcrs AMMICAJI xnavu. *«iwi>- wsrw Southern at rates given in another pace torn was tote news is concerned, but as regards its moneyedhas spread over a wide extent.The dispise, in its appearance and effects, re- eembles pleura-pneumonia, which is inflamma- tion of the lining membrane of the lungs, ex- tending to the substance of the lungs them- selves. The peculiarity of it is that it is either infectious or epidemic, and moves in the atmos- phere, like cholera, yellow fever, or the plague. It appears to be a kindred disease with mur- rain, the old and well known plague of kiue which Moses describes as one of the ten plagues of Egypt-judgments on Pharaoh; and if we were superstitious, we might regard the cow plague in Massachusetts as a Divine judgment on the politicians for setting on foot and keep- ing up the anti-slavery agitation. Authorities attribute murrain to a long contiouauce of dryweather, and there can be no doubt that that is unhealthy both for man and beast In Massachusetts, and New England gene- rally, the weather this spring has been dry beyond all precedent, while here the season for the past two months has been the most rainy ever known. Whether the drought in Massachusetts has had anything to do with ex- tending the disease we cannot determine.8M»<"it"»»* P»A1IH--F*»UM-U*— ^aJOSISUt, AC.fl|.KllUN». SOW.DAMOm,AO.-SCWSSAtPn*LOSS *«!/>* SAbOO*. »««ny.-s» Cnntfi to-rably active, while Ibv-marketclose* with lass booj-ancr Pork was firmer and more acUye, with aaloa of now mess at SIT 75, and new prims at about $13 60 a $13 75 Sugars were steadr, with moderate sates, which embracslrepresentation, the large capital engaged in it,and the profits realized thereon. The tele-graph lines in the United States and Canada re- all tbow a great deal worse temper thanm i M a Sewoa, DAJTOM, afcratasooat, Aa.-JAa« A » Hit about 400 a 450 hhds. Onba muscovadoa aad 100 do. ms-present a capital of between seven and eight millions, while the main lines in the United States alone represent seme four or five millions. It is true that our lines cost more than was necessary, because they were built in the face of great difficulty and competition. Probably, under different cir- cumstances, they might be constructed foris displayed in the dignified, not to say ornate, correspondence between Heenan and Sayers. The quarrelling between Greeley and Raymond is now nothing more than bush fight- ing; the real point at issue is that celebrated letter wherein Greeley gave notice to Seward that the firm of which they were copartners bad been dissolved, and that henceforth he, Greeley, was a free lance. That scarlet letter represents the belt, and Mr. Seward ought to give it up. It Is understood that when the remains of the distinguished deceased Senator pasted through the city, the other daj, en route for Washington, Greeley sent to SeWend for the letter, and Seward refused to give it up. Gree- ley is much exercised in his mind as to the contents of the letter. He is literally dying with curiosity to know what it is all about Ordinary men would have some faint recollec- tion of an important document like this scarlet letter, but Greeley is an extraordinary person, as Seward has found out to his c o s t Gree- ley's mind is a perfect blank so far aslado, OBterms given in another column There was aabout 40.0C0 mats, all to be had in market under 20 cents rerlh., which Is now the established price. CoA^e waa la fair demand. The auction sale of Rio yesterday ave- raged about 13H'c- Some 660 bags common were with- drawn aad afterwarls sold at p t The sales also embraced 1,CC0 bags Uaracaibo and 754 do Ltgoayra, atpublic business go to the dogs, while they watched the operations of the particular clique of spoilsmen with which they were affiliated.would give more for it than for one of Mr. Eve- rett's essays. There will be no peace in the republican family until Master Horace gets back his letter; so Mr. Seward had better send it on at once^appraise the value of the cattle killed which were apparently free from the disease, in order that the owners might be paid for them, out of an appropriation of $10,000 made by the Le- gislature. The appropriation made by the Le- gislature was soon exhausted, and the awards made by the commissioners for 812 head of cattle amounted to $20,432—double the sum. The balance was not only made up by private subscriptions of patriotic and public spirited citizens, but $10,000 more. So that a fund in all of $30,000 had been placed at the disposal of the commissioners. But tbe disease had spread over a larger area than was at first sup- posed, and, being unable to cope with it, they requested an extra session of the Legislature to be called, which was accordingly done, and the message of the Governor, which we pub- lish, laid before both houses. It is recommend- ed that the powers of the commissioners be enlarged, and that authority be also given to towns to adopt measures to stop the spread of the disease. Among these measures perfect isolation of cattle suspected of the plague is deemed the most important. If its progress be not speedily arrested it may extend over the whole country.What vast interests are involved in this ques- tion may be estimated by the fact that the cat- tle in the United States number some twenty- two millions, of which over seven millions are milch cows. The annual product in butter, cheese, milk, labor of oxen and slaughtered cattle in 1S50 was $180,000,000. to which add the value of the cattle themselves, and the property was worth S400,000,000, to which must be added in 18C0 twenty per cent for in- crease. But it is not the money value alone that is at stake, but the comfort, the luxury, the health of many millions of population, and even the very existence of children.r H >a», (V.yrawa given elsewhere. Freights were firm, but engage about three millions. The lines in Canada andUtenta were moderate.the United States combined, which, as we have said, represent some seven or eight millions of capital, earn an average of ten per cent on that capital, while the lines in operation on the At- lantic seaboard in the United States, known as the American Telegraph Company, earn an average of twenty-five per cent en their capital. On the capital of this company, the lines of which extend from Halifax to New Orleans, the press between Washington and Boston alone pays seven per cent for the newswise. In the House the debate on the subject of and as the control of its organization waa morereform in the public printing was resumed, and than usually important, on account of the im it receives; so that all the profits on the com-pending Presidential canvass, for which thespoils were needed, there was a prolonged persistently urged for years past In the columns of struggle for the Speakership, in which a great theHSKALD—waapassedbyavoteof120to56. dealofbadbloodwasshownonbothsides, In Committee of the Whole the Post Office Appro- and a very extensive Invoice of our national priation bulfwas taken up, and several amendments, dirty linen was flaunted in the face of themercial and other business of the lines over this great stretch of territory are so much clear gain beyond a fair interest upon the capital employed, which the newspapers pay.In contracting for a telegraph line to the Pacific—an enterprise of vast importance to the whole country—Congrees should consider what company will be most likely to conduct it in a fair and equitable spirit, with an eye to the general good. And here let us say that the idea of leaving the contract open for bids for the term of sixty days, when Congress knows very well that there are only three ortour instruments in use in the country, and that only one or two parties can put in bids, is absurd, and will only result in postponing the consummation, of the contract until next year, while by closing the contract at once the line may be in operation by next winter.THE CoMPruoixEBs ANNUAL REPORT—EX- PEXsi.s OF THE Crrr GOVERNMENT.—Tbe Comp- troller, in furnishing his report for the year 1859 to the Board of Aldermen, as required bylaw, has varied from the usual practice of em- bodying the receipts and expenditures of the city and county of New York, and has confined himself to a report of the financial affairs of the city only, having presented a report of the county finances to the Board of Supervisors on a previous occasion. Hence the cost of the municipal government appears, according to the report presented to the Aldermen on Mon- day, to rate at a figure considerably lower than the tables of former years represented, or than the expenses of our government really are—the sum expended, as there shown, being short of seven millions—whereas it in fact amounts to over ten millions, inasmuch as the county em- braces only Manhattan Island, and nothing more, which comprises the city within its limits. In this way the Comptroller's late re- port may be deceptive to many people, by 1m" pressing them with the idea that the drain upon their pockets is smaller than it really is.One thing, however, is made manifest by the report referred to, and that is, that the financial affairs of the city, and the system by which they are presumed to be kept in order, are inafter a lengthy discussion the bill providing for the establishment of a government printing office—ascivilised world—agave to the causeEurope a very severe and perhaps lasting check. Following the election of Speaker came more disgraceful scenes, and among themcacoethes scribendi is chronic, and the facultycannot cure it. Compared to him, the chap whogot up the "Complete Letter Writer" was aninfant, in the way of correspondence. A c-cording to Talleyrand's maxim—"give me twolines of a man's handwriting and I'll hang him",Greeley would have given the Sheriff a joblong ago. But we have changed all that;cheap postage and the franking privilege havemade letters as plenty and as cheap as dirt.So Greeley is expiring with curiosity aboutthe letter; Seward ought to give it up. Every-body wants to see it. Bonner, of the Ledger, diseased or belonged to diseased herds, and tocourse of of liberalconduct which institutions intion of cattle from Holland.ravaged the continent of Europe, particularly Germany. In Asia, too, It had been very de- structive. Its career seems to be as myste- rious and destructive as cholera.the orgie by which the election of the Clerk wasmost appropriately, though disgracefully, cele-of turbulence and disorder—the presiding offi- cer being notoriously incompetent; and, what with Pickwickian duels and Buncombe speeches, there was no time for business before the period assigned for holding the Presidential conventions arrived. Then the attention of members was fixed upon Charles- ton, or Baltimore, or Chicago, and thoy let theIn this manner six months of the session have already been frittered away. If we turn to the record we shall see that no measure of the slightest practical consequence has been moulded into proper shape and enacted as awhen an act was passed appointing a commis-The Pacific Railway bills have been recom-mitted, and the measure is dead, for this Con-gress, at least The new tariff schedule is soutterly absurd that the Senate committee re a most undesirable state of confusion, andfuses to report It, and the Homestead bill is as dead as Senator Seward. That brilliant states- man, the illustrious Grow, can mingle his tears with those of Senator Johnson 07er the grave of their bantling, whose fate recalls the ancient mot of the child who was supposed to dubitate as to why it was born at all, if its existence was to be so brief and inglorious.As for the Covode Committee, we have given to our readers every important point in the evidence adduced before it, on both sides. Therequire the utmost exercise of energy and dis-cipline to set them right. With all the clear-ness of Mr. Haws, we hardly think that oneperson in a hundred can distinctly understandthe condition of our city finances from his lastreport; and, indeed, he admits that everythingin his department—which is the most importantone in the whole municipal government—isin a mixed up and confused state. He has, un-doubtedly, Inherited a most complicated anduncontestable legacy from his predecessors,testimony has been procured by our corres-and it will demand all his known energy and the public journals. The London Post—Lord No political party has ever made greater usereaders. The design of the persons who engi- neered the committee was and is to make some capital for the opposition by blackening the character of the venerable statesman at the head of the government. The evidence fails to support the indefinite charges in the resolution of Mr. Covode, under which the committee was constituted. It shows that both parties are hopelessly demoralized and utterly corrupt; but the people needed no committee of Congress to tell them that. Theyhad ascertained it from the independent pressThe decision of Judge Mullen, relative ,to thequestion of the Chamberlainship, was the principaltheme of conversation among the politicians yes-terday. The result was pretty generally antici-pated; aUD, considerable excitement and feelingwere {manifested by numbers of office holders whocons*ier themselves at the mercy of Mayor Wood. tioneering, caucusing, intriguing, President has been prepared for the Supervisors; but it and » a h i , a a t a a comparauvtly recent p e , ^ n a d hposed to it than the republicans. Half of the strength that it has gained h&a been secured by the outcry which it has raised against thewarranted by the facta. We have made full inqui- ries regarding her, and are satisfied that the voyage she is BOWpreparing for is a legal one.The Board of Police Commissioners met yester- day, but transacted no business of importance- Mr. Kennedy, the newly appointed General Super- intendent of the force, will enter upon the duties of bis office oo Monday nextThe celebrated hones Troratore, Nicholas I., t roan a and Bed Eagle, arrived in this city yester-day morning from Norfolk in the steamship York' town.have already t.-t-tcubed tte funCa necessary, and the only delay will be in the Fp#ciu>ation* nee*3»ary from ths atrvejori in tl.'C ae.'tt, to determine the grades aad ths most advantageous routes. Ii is Kng ish capital taa; Mong before.a new element, more powerful than the prospect of future more profligate than any of their demo- low their labor, cAher upon the abunia.it> pro.ucUve sml or ta mechanical arts sod trades I rac say withWhat is needed is a remedy; and hat, we fear, is not within the power of Con-and so graduating the penalty for non-payment %°£*J2£££? • £ ? ^ P | « « « They are told that cratic predecessors. In New York, Mainesafety that no country presents at this mcav ct s opening for honest .ntelhgence aad indurt.-;Adi. ro SicUY.—We see, by the last aumUr « U) *"'» d Italia, that the gentlemen who lormed the i-.ai ea CosComptroller Haws, though,hehasobeyedthepe- manufacturing body. remptory mandamus issued by the Supreme Court,VH^LVTJ^J*^ i 0 •"•"•J' c<Httia« ^ *•^ T ^ ^ ^ ^ O ^ b s n i i a . Yes-dle, or Morrill's beautiful incomprehensibi- propriations are needed, and thus relieve theterday morning Mr. Hawa sropossd a consultationf ? W n H^LT* •?*'8to«t. wftharlewtofcring the dkpnto ka » e h a m ^ , ^ ^ dodge, or the magnificent Pacific Railway swin- courts as to insore an early aetUemwu. A c o n w l .laws which deprive me of such subjects!" The 'British government does not want to lose any tax levy in advance of the time when the ap- more fighting men, and it will accordingly en-The partisan leaders on bothonly for -elfish ends. They initiate measures to catch a few silly voters who are fascinated by a popular cry, such as the vote yourself a farmu tion dial take place between the pattfea, ^ Mmutual arrangement couhi be agreed to. n « ^ter. therefore, wffl nave to drag through a aeries pects these bills to pass. They are theof law suits, while the creditors of the city wul be political gold watches held out to dazzle for years in a hopelessly complicated state, andforce the Enlistment act As the Pope, how-lity—the new protective tariff. Nobody ex-Comptroller from serious embarrassmentThe Finance Department of the city has been ahape of "Peter Pence," may be sent to him; with lanterns in their bands, seeking for ansidesWhen the Irish Brigade in the service of France defeated the British at Fontenoy, Kinglegislatesubmitted to the most annoying inconveniences. * • «yea of verdant customers, while theThe Beard of Aldermen bell a meeting yester- P«htr Punk has a worthless article, all ready to restore it to some orderly shape, it U evi- ished. As the law now stands, the govern-day afternoon. Alderman Starr offered a pre- •^•u^hhunsiigpectingvicuau Congress, dent that a great deal more remains to be ac- ment cannot interfere with emigration to Rome,amble and resolution to the effect that, whereas o f 0 complished before it is placed in that conditions doubt has been expressed ss to whether the ZT Zl ^ ! ^ t **** »<** »«ction-and the priests will so arrange the matter that Boardwasdoryconmedatthetimeitadvised ws»^««lwInssjeondhandpoliticaltheo- whichtheinterestsofthisvastcityrequire. acoachwithsixhorsescanbeeasilydrirenvirtues. One would think from the fuss theymake about him that he was the only honest ttner rs;s lha» u., dtbl c* V..(,.!•« a- :i- iirks or worn-out V * * ^^ ^ oABH"'°*"OT".tar—TUTYt-'»o.r*(Va)''-4 t4*,wc,-fe.. ati*. Mr o*,«vi of C.T. .:-••NEW YORK HBRALD, PRB>AY, JTJWB 1, 1860.THSTRRB8TINTHKUafim STATRS.—CongressisnowPACIFIC TSXBORAPH—THE TSLKORAPB IN-business talent to bring order out of chaos.Mr. Haws has repeatedly urged the adoption cf several reforms in the Finance Department, and in his late report he shows that the errorsin a leader against the enlistment for the Pope*and dwelt In a tone of deprecation on "the ex-traordinary exodus which, like a national epi-demic, had once more seized the large mass of venality and corruption of the democracy of the tranb.t will lair-ase b\ mill ocs the amount of ourseemsthatIthasnotbeen acted uponintime "^"*sw»s,as^tbs^»»i nowagreat number of Irish titicers are to he found In the Austrian army.corrupt conduct of the New York Legislature, under the influence of the Albany Regency, that aided in the defeat of Seward at Chi- cago. Conscious of the damaging effect which the acta of his confederates, Thuriow Weed & Co., most produce against the Sage of Auburn in the approaching contest, a portion of the party applied themselves to find a set-off to the discredit which their misdeeds had brought upon them. Like Diogenes, they went aboutfor the Legislature to pass upon it. Anotherreform suggested by Mr. Haws was to changethe commencement of the fiscal year from the George bitterly exclaimed—"Cursed be the 1st of June to an earlier period, in order thatthe Legislature might be enabled to pass thealthough Mr. Haws has done a good deal toland, the agents who collect it will be pun-ducted hi a fashion which would inevitably Too Cattate Plaajmo 1st Blew Kaaglntid-ItsArrtrsv 1 of tats I t . U a l t -tsmsve V . Swppoaod to be la Own*'By ths arrival of ths St. Lssis, w*+?***Isaac V. Fowlsr was stmpossd to be is .*•*»**. fc THAT SCABI>T LETTER AGAIN—WILL TH« RE- call for an extra meeting of toe Massachusetts bad arrived with only ths sasaaa for parches «f OMB*. FERS* GIVE UP THE BELT?—NOW that the Hee- Legislature and a message on the subject cossaiiesor lift, and intended the eommsaesmea.' * sssasnan and Sayers affair has been settled to thesatisfaction of both parties, aad, wo presume,in a manner equally agreeable to the Lion ofAlbion and the Eagle of Columbia, public at-tention is respectfully but earnestly directed tothe great fight for the republican championship between Philosopher Greeley and the dis-tinguished pet of the light weights, little Ray-mond. The latter is a good deal like Sayere, meat, do, is truly formidable, and "comesthe letter is concerned. He has written But it does not appear to have originated it, asso many epistles to so many people that hecannot remember the purport of any one of ago. On the 23d of May, 1839, it seems to havegetic, enterprising or Industrious. But, ss it is, they S«l all the Ublea in the official gift of the Captain GeneralHealth good.Onr Coat a It Ira Correspondence. SAN Jon, Costa Rica, April 10, 18*0The Ifew Government Under Prttidant Monlealegre and th? Newly Orgemiaed dmgrem—PcUtical Ma&tn—Pratpect*ve ImprmemeitU in Leyiualionfcr Oiridtng Ommvaitl Lava—Construction of Meadt—lnducernetxt for the Bmx oration of Industrial Clones, ScThe President or this republic haa given a very sous, olemessage to the new Congress, which assembled aad t u organized the 22d last. Ths ides of republican govern- ment hat never been properly defined in our pabus mind—a strange sentimont of absolutism having always been associated therewith, enabling the ambitions leaders of factions to disturb the public peace by overturning one elective government an 1 substituting another Pre- sident Jose Maria Montealegre, while avoiding political allusion to his advertaries, directly strikes s blow at their dcluaive plots by ca..ing the aUenl.on of our legislators to the tmpera'.i.e wants of the country, making practical tbe initiative of the.r administration, by pointing oat' 3 causes of public evils and intimating ths remedies neces- sary. He aays to the people "that for ten years very little attention nas been given to the moral interests of the country, for which reason the intellectual condition is not at the csvated grade which their natural advantages and power demand—a consequence also, that political immora ity bis engendered aa many r.c.s as belong to reigns of absolutism and terror Civic virtue decaj s when the caprioo of man is auosauited tor the will or the acil6n of law "Our legislation ts defective in many respects for the prottction of the general industry ani the enterprise of trade; for which reason agriculture ta stationary aad commercial transactions restricted, for the waat of eon- trolling legislative enactment", to general ze the msaas of collection, aiid lo cave thecompiioatloo demed from r:s- toms aa va'iouaae tiie people who have uarga. _s and suiii to !i.aac oi fore:&s or tlomesuc prodects. We wsat population for labor, l t d capital to pit UEier cultivation ite moat fertile acM! tn tbe warlJ, wh'ch bsve b?en k?pt (torn the uuUrj oci> by ihei.LeacLA.uns creaiei amongst us froan w m l of proper api.rtci&uoc of our own power aLd the csiAtitutional law* unier *hlca we live—pe-m.: t a g ambiLon and personal aggraoduemimt of one or two Inoivicuais to a.aoib tne whole re eaue, even the whole product of 15" cevntry, to au£!*'n item tn a power crest* J solely bj tte will of the people. These thugs we are Cfg.rnug to understand, ac l Muntealegre .* illustrat- ing tbtm fer tbe V t c r t <>' ibe country. We are to hsvs a roel ccoetrurtt u i> the waters of tne Atlantic, so that we can tnvire pvrchaters tor our produce Ihe real laws art to tc rr-Titcd, wtiich as at present ex sting do uA coi foim ta cur political system, and psrslj it o.r Indus is} and i>jfvtnv progrets axd prosperity.lht rev P.-fsi-'.<.i,i fine's Limsui aiej ea u.-raj-ei with a uattonal drbt, which he hope* to provide tot without ib" icstttutlrn ui ne* tajtes to oppress the psople, by a pure acmmietration, witu certain economical measures, which »:i: net O.cturbtbe psace and tranquillity which the nation .« at present btginnisg IJ appreciate and to tojoy.1 9nd rxbUbed In our o(fi Jsi GazttU of Sen Jotv, by the tH-nors T H U Csuty & Son. that the preliminary luive)store real to tne Atlantic have alreaJy been ma ie. and that they rffoive the practicability o< a good roai.anJ the .iljrttst possible distance. A <o>d wagon road wul ai>on oe fouowea bv rails, and ihe conveciansegrowing out of the mode of assessing property the Irish people." The government journal And yet, notwithstanding thi-i holy horror of produce. >or tcete improvements Brit.ah capitalistsThe measures of President Montealegre, op- mug the re acurces of the country, coming with SJCU poserial cat- vtctton upon the people, will strengthen him la power, and peace being the conaeq'i xce, people will coxe aaiDEPOPULATIONOF IREL AND.—and the collection of taxes, cost the city over$120,000 a year, and that the loss arising fromdiscounts allowed for prompt payment of taxes man who has saved money, or who has received remit has distinguished itself more by its reck- always cpecirg the path for Britiab yarns and the fabrics amounts to some $25,000 a year. The remedy tsnees from removes and friends in the United States, is lessness of public opinion in this respect. of Br ii it h looms.for these evils which the Comptroller proposesaaxious to find a new home across the AtlanUcUoa is utterly ineffectual to r m s a s l h l s IOTO of c W * . this instinct of removal, which neither constant employ meat, high ptcsa, nwr the enjoyment of material prosNearly all the republican Legislaturesis tbe change of the law fixing the time formencing their collection earlier in the yoar, advantage, has been brought to bear upon the RomanUie head of ttwir Church is in a position of risk and daT gress. And this is tbe sum and substance of as to prevent the rush in the Receiver's office, gor, and that their gallant and strong arms cannot be soand Wisconsin, where republicanism has beenthe work of Congress. It was all that the party leaders intended it should do. It is an elec-which causes to much confusion that errors be- come almost inevitable. A law to this effectwell employed ss la perpetuating mtagoverament in thethen goes on to say:—The small farmers, the tillers of the soil—in abort ererymercenary influences, there has never been a political combination in this country whichthat have been elected within the last yearmaking the assessments for taxes, and com- peritybaa bad the slightest effect in checking. But now or two have proved themselves infinitely live with ua for tbe acvantageoua returns wmch will fol-in the ascendant venality has never been more Romagna, and supporting the temporal dominion of toe rife than under the auspices of these pre-ture was called to the matter in its last session,powered to kill and bury all cattle which werePope We all know that formerly Ireland supplied a richstoreboure f * the foreign rear utting sergeant, thai France tended reformers. It was the shamelessly mitteee in New York during the late war hi- e cpeaei aever, is not at war with England, money, In thebut if it is employed to enlist recruits in Ire-If the financial affairs of any large mercantile through the Entistineut act Some further le- man in the country.Untitled DocumentIt had previouslysion to investigate the disease and take mea-sures for its extermination. They were em- than labor, neither remarkably intelligent nor at all enersubscription .n this city n ail of G-a/i>a«l aai the ft. cliaa revolution, at the req-iest of the Centra! Cossm uee of Turin. We learn that the first ia*t\lment b u airesly been t e t t , and that the committee ts now '.-orgaaiEag. Is the meantime, contributions are received by E. P- Fabbn, l>q., «* Broadway, ani J Va'-erto. V i « Bn- ver eueet.vTi.NTi»Ciiti)K5—Verdi's opera, "i Msa:**i<--r», was announced for last ev en mg, with so riss than thre* de*a«, but the performance was poetjiooti and the ho^-ss oiosed in eooaequtiK* of the severe !Un*s« of Mr XareUeK, who was to conduct the opera. It w..i pjauire.y be gives oahonest man. a task, it would seem, of some Saturday To night there wul be- a perSar^anac of • n* difficulty. At last they alighted upon Old Abe Jciie,' w.ui Fahhri and StigeU. T^a partes', a t »* I**1 week cf the ope:a season, aa the. cocpa-uj »:.-* l> ft--*- Lincoln; aud this quality seems to be the only dtlr-h*. openiag teat Mcadsy w» J*!.a v « f H»|K one Old Abe has got. It must be owned that will pay here next we*>., at;--or-..: h. M- < '*.'**they turn to the best account his exceptional and a goo^ companyExchaege ea London 12 ^ Hew York 1 to IK BMSSBSI leasts* aSX-m Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 