 * erwatataaPf'JJ1i? ttti•t •«ST r(trNCi-te 1 IS,r o i •SABTMitw.IT*.in.tag itlit ie* ban Mi Printsiv» Isanti lion,i—Imd AmevVan being the mo of fem-ere, evergreen, atiatotonribbon of dttterent colore, a*., a*. Nearly UM whole or A t last two day* w o n occupied by man end girls in deeorettog the engine, the coot of which we Honed t u nearly 1 WJapaa and New York, June, llfiB'* The mem Men of intellectual power, and, altogether, be was notben of the General Committee wore rrim-rw ihlefdr. personage to be cverlooked in any situation. He w forty- Yorkers to iho patent leather shore are very gttoteniag, and It arttood w a n instanty than n y m tbe Embassy; his Bat to jaontly; bis vest and tehna tookclean; hie kid gloves a n evidently aewer or better taken care of than those of hto friends. t Tommy to a fair representative of Young No steel trapcould beabarprr thn htoappreantioa of any- thing tohkh attracts hto attention Hto knowledge ot RoglBh « wonderful, and he speaks withT».theOn behallof the atMBflrtthwtt the city of Xew York, T Kinboeie, n e most venerable of the noblemen officers at hussars. The Japanese were all eagerness for their dis-take great pleasure in ottering you our hospitalities. It taehed to the Bubassy, we must introduce a personage embarkation, and in a few moments—the Committee ofis proper that the tlrst representatives of the great who has already pretty generally introduced himself— Arrangements having to the meanwhile ordered the car-conducted to their private room, and mediately n t down to dinner, the bill of fan the Amhoyana for the delay. At tost the shrill whmtio of the locomotive announced the near approach of tho tram,andinaminuteorsoafterwardstheJapanese,si- tended by a deputation of the Commoa Coaaeil of Phila- delphia, passed from the can to the Alida. The eaoar- sionists on board the Thomas P. Way had an excellent op- portunity of teeing tbe distinguished foreigners u theyT H E N E W WHOLE NO. 8084.SUNDAY M0RNIN3, JUNK 17, 1860.H E XV A T i D .PRICE TWO OBNTS.raEMimNKKIBUlK, MWWMWMIMWWWWWMWMMMtonet. tame over dozen of timre. The efforts of tat NewTto Omtae Idea* of intellectuality He seems considera•tter than Prtace Simme, and may beu/f|kfve years of age. Prince Morakage has been voting than a farce at Xetae'i or t tragedy at behavior at Philadelphia, for Tommy n t acquiredReceftioo of the.II*>»% iiThe tram came over with the anal asanas speed, tilother trams having tpteltl ardent to f i n eletrtnok.TheJsnene wenti tt Ugh tpiriit eonitg over,tatme them, m that no eoafosion eonM ecear" Three d»MCBAXAffll AVAOS HO-nABl.pTJpe* of Aaace, ex Governor of Hakodadi and secondAmbassador, B rather above the average hetfht oT theJapanese, ttoararing about fivfltfoet seven or eight Inches.He is very dark eomplextened, and wears a platter uponthe side tfnie face, affitdjpato no means improves hit pertotal'' antarancr, never too prepceteming, but convey- the fop of his voice, n if notoe weak moke up far ig- nation aad emphasis YesterdayMMMMMpyaWlMMMI'Half a MBfeii ftf Mea, Wwe. a i l out to greet from twelve fitGlOilw oa Duty Six Hoars. i^na*»^^nwnwn^n»Bftrt PBH OoTvtd with•tOetberries^hands, cams* e«t lot' "T«mmy."be«iia«*ta came wblxr.ing throughtheopenTt convey tt tare itheproper•to state thai theentire mete-fromCamdrn to Amboy appeared as tf the poputotioa andexpectationhrretardfb thearrivalof theJapanese: oT the whole Mat* oT Mew Jenr-y had turned out and »td while the crowd were Mexfitg m the direction from plated abresretvu atoeg the railroad t* give the Cetootutle which the special trato wM^xpeeted, the gangway a hearty reception—that they wen rtottg with each wascleared,ashavenhmdwasseenmoxing ebrmigbthe. other tetuwho oonM make the moat sain and gnetret throng, and fostntaaooalry the «htM tmba^y teeom fu«e gesntSy Saverul of the Philadelphia Common paatofi by the Naval QaBmawiuti, Captatas Dupottt.veryerect,hishandrestinguponbissword.importantand responsible office,sinceany two or three together, pointing to the fort, "Bat insteadofextendinghishand,u usual,hawouldask,TbfTBE REAL MEAT BAftTElMrJ. official* along comprising the Embassy ts the Vice Gover petenttotreatthesubject,endwhoitunderstoodtohefwwBi tod frutial Until if tie People strongly m torn of the present arrangement, having often expressed the opinion that last to ratifying andtrtfale tf lapfan, and making grimaces at the crowd, who shouted* " Arida." which they wrote in Japanese under a sketch "Tommy!' Three cheers for Tonunj: ••Look thisway,ia tat Great Anal. Treaty* ^ e ^ y > ^ » ^ w ^ m e i ^ ^ M ^ #getting thn treaty signed b y t a t President, n*ntoliaaetTTsBty tiarettoa w n thearomTHE START FOR AMBOT.Upon the arrival of our reporter at the dock of the Casaden and Amboy Railroad, pier No. 1, North river, at nineo'clockyesterdaymorning,befoundadetachment of eighteen of the Veterans of 1812, commanded by Capt. Rayaor, guarding two twenty-four pound brass howitzers,iy pausing to notice tbe gray haired Iceja light from the bayonets and the gay colors of the mountedTHE START FOR NEW YORK. The reception being onr , the PrincesOu (tentorial idatfoas will Japan and Dodworth's Band, thirty five men, awaiting the arri- val of the Aiida, which was to convey the Japanese froma light mulatto complexion, very good features, a plump, tbe landing and entering the carriages was effected in ad-jesty the Tycoon of Japan, to again welcome you to our well rounded form, e y n more decidedly Oriental or mirable order. Next to the officers came tbe treaty box, passed along the gangplank of the Aiida, but unfortu-Estahttsaedona SpedeBasis.tries Allow me, illustrious Ambassadors from his MaOvcaiag of the GreatTbe Treaty withAmboy, N. J., to this city. Then were no evidences of any extraordinary excitement, and but few persons had collected at the dock. At half past nine o'clock the Alida earns down from her dock, the Committee of Arrange-city. almond shaped than any other of the Embassy, and a pe- The chief Ambassador, through the Japanese and culiar boyish air. Tommy it the heart of the Em- Dutch interpreters, then responded briefly, as follows:— consisting of rice and fish, variously cooked. The dishes had been selected previously by the Ambassadors, and they signified to Mr. Leland, through their interpreter, their entire satisfaction with all the arrangements. From this time until their arrival at New YorkthePrinces were fast to those on the boat. They remained in their prints room, teeing no ate but the Naval Commissionerscovered with scarlet, and borne In a sort of cage, in shape somewhat resembling an ark, but without a top. Then came the attendants, carrying tbe lighter baggage of the Embassy, and not until all who were to ride had taken seats in the carriages were the crowd al- lowed to leave the boat. The heavy baggage w u to be conveyedtothehotelinthreelarge wagonsof the Man- hattan Express Company, and two Japanese were detailed by the Treasurer to guard it. These sat quietly down,nately there w u no o n ou board sufficiently acquainted with the Embassy to point out Tommy, or give any infor- mation regarding the Princes, Be. Nevertheless, the n - eursionists were highly pleased with what they saw, and although they could not grasp Tommy by the hand, or have a chat with the Ambassadors of toe Tycoon, they hadasightoftheelephanttwohourstoadvanceof their friends in New York.•pre isg chapter to the history of our intercourse with Japan and China, which ia destined to be of the highestsion. The manner in which this arrangement was made faded calicoes than anything etee, but really constating of specting this taggage many of the Embassy were employ without their breakfasts, so impatient were they tovenue cutter MclAae, which was lying off the Battery, was decorated m a similar style, and attracted much atten- tion from the large number of persons collected t t thai spot; many small yachts were also collected is the vi- cinity of pier No. 1, and were all gaily decorated, elicit* ing frequent and hearty bursts of admiration from tinnfUtifiedbyax.two policemen as assistants, to receive the tick bowed forward, as if tocatch every word; and theirre-tts off those entitled to a place on board. The rath ply was delivered slowly, with exquisite modulationand and one or two members of the Committee. After dinner filled their pipes, took out flint, steel and bits of moss,The Thomas P. Way remained at Amboy until the Alula wu ready to depart, and u the totter left her moaringe the excursion boat followed to her wake all the way op tothecity,whichwureachedataquarterputtwo o'clock P. M. The excursionists, or at least tbe groaluTheJapaneseEmbassywen received bytheusese yettsrday. It wot a gnat event. The displayvac a magniteent sad a proper one. It wan at Immenseaa#f meeting of the people to ratify the treaty mad* byw fonnanent with Japan. No one but felt proud of tickets at b/wje. In consequence of this wnategetteht theonce bustled away b y the vigilant police. Even the eagt* by a million voices, of the people of New York. cries of "Ni York!" «'Ni Yorki" when this cityto see the procession, sad nilafy whatever cariosity tbey hadleft inregardtoJapanaadtheJapanese.APPEARANCE OF THE SHIPPING.The vessels along both sides of the North and East ri- vers were gaily decorated with the nags of their respec- tive nationalities, many of the large packet s h i n having strings of signal flags carried from the bowsprit over the tope of the masts and brought down to thestern of the venej, presenting t lively sad beaati- fulappearance, with their bright colored bileoftfeoccutoa.a the commerce and civilization of the Great West. In Councilman twenty-four members—seventeen of the sins view the daplny waa not nvrtrtons It was dot to Board of Aldermen—Messrs. Genet, Bagley and Seagriat :»»rnilwmsj ttwasdnetothecomniercialworld;itwat beingaetata stats half dozeninvitedguests,therepre-sentativesofthepress,theVeterans,theband,six ttw to civilisation. of the Broadway aquad of police, detailed to keep back We have givea a full account of the antir from the the crowd at the landings, and Mr. Warren Lelaod, with tiart from Philadelphia yesterday morning to the dosing thirty-six waiters. Ample room was thus secured for the Ktt>n at the Metropolitan Hotel last night. It is the seventy-one Japanese, and there was no crowd or confu-BASSADORS.At first sight the Ambassadors seemed to be distinguish-ed iVom the servants of the Embassy by their wearing twoswords, far in their drew there appeared to be no essentialuisittnction. Their dresses consist of every variety tfcolorandtexture,anditwonldbeimpossibletodescribeeach minutely. The upper coats were a sort of talma,made with loose hanging sleeves, and of stuff some re- in small cubical Japanned boxes, in trunks, in boxes co- excursionists were early in attendance, all anxious to sembling blue cotton, but proving to be a sort of light vered with muslins and silks, in large bundles tied up see the Japanese, so that little delay was experienced in poplin, ««ne a dusty serge,and others looking more like like beds on a May movtag day. In arranging and in- starting. Many of the most anxious ones came awayIt celebrated the opening of the Gnat lastMT** "ff'"ir the boat, consisted only of the entire Board ofKportaace to us at an active, progressive, commercial one of the committee, and steamed towards Amboy, withsemi-nautical multitude on shore.steamship Africa, at present lying in her dock at the Jersey side of the river, w u very tastefully deco- rated with strings of small flags running to the top of each mast, with the etars and stripes flying at tbe fore, aad the £*ogiudk ensign at the main. Asthetuneforthearrival of its Japanese Embassy drew near the number of flags in- creased, and but few of tbe vessels w e n without a nag ofp>>«p!«>.Tbe« are called "moog"—we spell the word as it is pro- nounced—and indicate the rank of the wearers. They are marks either of the wearer's master or family; if the former,theyarewornonlybytheoldestson. Underthe talma is a vest, of different material, and under this again is a sort of shirt, called "zibang." At first all seem to wear skirts, like those of ladies, but upon the wearer's taking a step forward these skirts resalved themselvs into a sort of pantaloons, madeveryloose,likethosewornbytheTurks,andcalled '•pigama." The materials of these trowsers vary from richly embroidered silk to patchwork looking poplin. Some of the Japanese wore shoes of American manufacture, very chimsy and ill fitting; but the majority wore theircheers of the crowd on the dock.THE DEPARTURE FROM PHILADELPHIA. the Battery were decked with flags from stem to stern, and all saluted the Alida as she started, the Veterans fil- ing a salute, as only they can Ore it, in return. BeingIt»^anottilleighto'clockyesterdaymorningthattheEnttuuwy knew for certainty that they were going to leavetorNewYork, although thetime hadbeetfixedbythe(unmittn three days before, and Friday all day wasavtt in peeking tp, and visiters were strictly prohibitedhorn calling, wiib the exception of one hour in the evening The Alida has not been running for about a torafewspecial friends. Tatmatter, however, beingyear past, but was recently fitted up to make tatter the control of naval officers and naval discipline, daily tripe between New York and Pougblteepaie, thethere was no o n of trying to back oat and postpone ittil Monday tanning. By seven o'clock yesterday morn- tions to be ready for the Japanese reception. The Alida»CCaptain Porter had every Japanese up, dressed and at brealrJhtl tatet, and assisting in getting his baggage fcfnher, ready far a start by nine. As might be sap-was always one of the fastest boats on the river, and has own shoes, or sandals, made of plaited straw, and fasten-had charge of the collation, and even hecould have made it no better nor [any more accepta>ble. The Japanese expressed to Mr. Portman— whosekindness our reporter wishes to acknowledge—their was drawn over the side, and 'with "All' aboard thanks for the entertainment afforded them. Dinner be-peed from pnvtott accounts of the perfect insanity of ternal arrangements, her cabins have been luxuriouslymaterial, with a division like the thumb of a mitten for the great toe. Their trowsers are sometimes tolled around the limbs below the knew like leggings, and bulging out above. In the front of these trowsers, held up by a belt, is the receptacle lor those little trifles which we usually carry in oar pockets.n trybody to sat the '-Japs," especially the ladies, to »w and my goad bye tt Tommy before leaving. It* crowd that collected in the Continental and t the streets, waa perfectly awful. The City Conn M ha.1 all assembled, assisted by t large police tore* m keeping off the crowd, which they awomlad moat admirably in doing. At eight o'clock theI teenra commenced coming up on Ninth street, tad thefurnished, and in size and splendor she was everyway worthy to be used as a special boat for the Embassy. 9M waa completely draped with flags, ton single flags floating from the sides, and large Japanese and American flags from the bow and stern. The rear saloon was retained exclusively for the use of the principal Ambas- sadors, the ante room for the principal officers, the main saloon far the officers and noblemen, and the servants'ing over, and the last bottle of "Green Seal" and Chateau la Bote having been opened, the Japanese returned to their saloon-—the principal officers to that which forms the ante-room to the apartment occupied by the Princes, and the subordinate officers to the main saloon. At thefor Japan," tbe Thomas P. Way steamed down tbe North river with her bow headed for Kill von- Kull. As they passed pier No. 1 they were saluted by the Alida, on board of which the Common Council were then embarking. As the Battery and Governor's Island came in view the scene presented by the shipping in the harbor and along the docks was truly magnificent. The masts and rigging of the vessels, from toe tiny littleJaps' marched out, each having two sworda, hat, and quarters were below deck. All of these rooms were most at*ofutbsrnksksacksbnagtaxbyhi»side,bceidnytheir handsomely fitted up,andbouquetsofbeautiful(lowers *«*:*, waich consista of long polls, with craescf*, spear were scattered here and there. The rear saloon, reservednw.1*andalnormofimagrenpontheendsofthem,the fortheAmbassadors,iscompletelysurroundedwithwindow.*. from which a fine view of the scenery along theall the other arrangements, the good ta«te of Mr. Leland, hwtfury, escorted enth by a member of the City who baa charge of the boat, and of the committee, waanoblemen wandered o n r the vessel, looking atskippers.pa handles being of the moat beautiful description of sttjuered work.the machinery,terest, and stopped at every few steps by invitations toshake hands, or -write your name," or by presents or three-quarters, during which time the excur- segars, which they readily accepted. They readily ex- sionists amused themselves by talking of Japan, changed cards also, asking the pronunciation of the names the Embassy, and tbe approaching reception. While of their new acquaintances, and repeating them until they steaming through the Kills numberless steamboats, could pronounce them perfectly, which they accomplish- schooners and sail boats, freighted to the water's edge ed marvellously soon. Hating discovered that one gen- with people, ou their way up to the city to see the pro- tleman was in the habit of giving a segar to those who cession, were passed with tbe usual salutations. At Eli exchanged cards with him, the information passed from zabethport, Perth Amboy, Rossvilie and other villages mouth to mouth with a half smile at the donor's foolish along tbe shore, crowds were collected on the wharves, nets, and the gentleman was quite overwhelmed with and, as the boat passed along,cheer after cheer w u given pieces of white paper touched here and there with a daub for the Japanese, with a "tiger" for the Thomas P. Way of Japanese ink. It was more interesting to see andhercaptain.them write their carda for applicants. Taking out THE SCENE AT AMBOY.of their poaches a tat box, containing t brush The excursion boat landed at Amboy at 1 1 * o'clock.To prevent these windows from being a source of annoyance instead of pleasure to the anted ia their carriages, that which • regarded as at- Japanese, all uf the lower deck aft of the wbeeihotae was the person of the Tycoon himself the guarded by policemen. In this saloon covers were already"teaty box," waa then brought down by four allowed by the first and secondexaminingeverything of in-THE TRIP DOWN THE RATand through the Kills occupied about an hour andAfter all the sixteen official* had been comfortablyand Vice Governor of the Imperialiteoay of taeor arrival; and had it ae* been far •a Jpramg could nut have been afibrlrd far the h m n imw to tht ftarry.TU* r-AS&AOBDOWN.The Aiida took the passage outside of Stateu bland,and returned by the same route. During the voyagehhmferbnviactfsMtittt generally tm.Bo»«s»Jy in>^ery tlatdaag tsaoa atoag the tfatonthtoocca-stretched the bright waters, crisped into mimic waves byfat fresh breeze, and fringed by green shores, as beautifulFor the remainder a genera! description must suffice. It epiteof the assertions to the contrary, the Japanese, en mam do look remarkably like the Chinese, and if oneap Broadway ymtntOay e.aad it wooid be hard ttlehen thethe people have bihamt the amatatnted.superintendence of Mr. Ieland •one for the sixteea of.the earn t a d dexterity with which the sketches were midst of his cheering lost his balance and fell overboard. made were m « t admirable. Besides these cards, a little He w u quickly rescued from the water and sent uhore,in behaving like gentlemen while they w e n conveying tbe Ambassadors to the city, they have t oto do n than the •bnoys" they toft behind n the tory.for notwithstanding the disadvantages which tho "unwashed" labored under tote.tfcey exhibited great decorum both of speech and iIt will, carant, be saal 0*4 New York, at ataal, kns ahead of tiirylhtal at ataktaj a fusstobacco w u the only present made by the Japanese to where some worthy Samaritan furnished him with a dry of the Embassy, the Naval ConomiatMa which is very long, black and glossy from the "obe oil," their visiters yesterday, a the mam saloon the Japanese suit of clothes and a good drink ofapplejack u apre-the oarj theCommittee, another for the Japanese «.-r- which * plentifully need, to then drawn forward, tied in a and a third for all the other persons upon the boat. knot at the crown of the head, and then projects stiffly persons gathered around tat reporters, and others forward, like an abbreviated pigtail. In form, they areseated themselves in the arm chairs around the room, ventative against catching cold. Some twenty minutes smoked, ehatted. laughed heartily at their own jokes, after tbe Thomas P. Way arrived at Amboy, the Alida••Jane;" largerh a t that at donbtfoi,oMmt when they of the, viliac*, or prints dweiimgs they have paaaad, that s e n t wild, bewildonsnT ct>gagedlasketchingtatroomstaddnwagportraitsof andlithe,sinewy bodies,only oneortwohavingany of the Veteran Corps. Meanwhile the Comma pretention to aldermanic proportions. Quite a number toe of Arrangenienu held an informal meeting in the main of them have suffered from the bmmltpox, and are severe- , and resolved that that saloon should be used far ly pockmarked. Of their intelligence enough will bethem,answeredwillinglytadpoUtoryallbisinquiriesin scenehuttbearrivaloftheEmbassy,which,forsome regard to the names of the different articles of their dress good reason probably w u a little behind time. The and use,aad,then,in their turn, put question after qeestton presence of the New York Aldermen m yellow kids aad with great rapidity. So w«U did they express themselves their Sunday go-tomeeting clothes, together with aaCoBunea Council aad a few invited roomingforPerth Amboy,duty ttke men, they ig e n t sto departa n tin la tinttht tarns laeysmntd atto follow the instruction to- However much they a n y feelfar have t o n ,looked out at the window, took positions upon the otto- came up, and then tbe excitement among the Jersey-men about tat artists of the illustrated papers, who were ra slightly bat compactly built, with strong muscular limbs m a n aad watt to sleep. dr. beckoning some stranger to waxed warm. Nothing w u wanting to complete thebefore aad after tbe arrival of the Japanese. putattoa of the democracy w e n to waitingA select ae-with tew bate on, white kids, sane yellow kldt, Irethre »«re, toying back ia their tattt aamkiag equal to the moot genteel Bow«ry toy. Tbey werehighly dertghted with the tent of gnla, orohtrdi tad the eooatoy generally alongtalk having a m trntfhd, a*g*re snd r*e*rni?nr a»*ftt- edtopanne that, anH»Aflda^mrnto*~vntaw, all deek*d with lags, aliof Japanese, bnkon t r anbnken, •> Me what under the weather, he having, very probably, beta was certainly a performance more laughter pro reproved by the Cantor for tome bad attnaft trThey were highlyTt yeonggtols,1The bay about Aarboy wat aTtat Jlffi/' !! tali of at'titntaddescriptions-,fromsmallWwbodbrto•theaahg Biflcnt steamboat Thomas P. vnyywhiBt tad arrived with t crowd of exciirsiooiRt* before the Altta. by the fit- aMt |ia»a, u. Tb* depot was eroi»on -*m-jm**** about < « thousand people being preont.ttd ww tady decorated with flags. A tomato of boat dub* from EaglewoodaviUageacromtherhrer,compmvdofyoanr ladlt^w^HB^akmdofblfnnrTnnifrjrm.wcredriiwrinp rntine,withth»irclubflagswaving,fillwasanxietyCfrtfale af Japai a * Conned came aver u far ae Amboy, and some otme to Lee and Porter; "lb*. McDonald, and Mr. Portthe yooiifThere were several hundred.'Malrret of theft* ' Uteenohetoefewmw-New York.The Jeaaareswere very much pleated with Philanlthe President's interpreter; tad by Messrs. Treg», Bradford, bimroona and Harding, a deputationself-satisfaction., however, is caused by the supposition thatrnor of Kanawaga some fourteen months,tins' when a Russian sailor and lieutenantHe was, as the Russians supposed, removed ; but he now occupies a position much supe Governor, and this is considered an en the Japanese government of his action in itioncd affair, his supposed disgrace beingand carried out reflects great credit upon the committee. Punctually at ten o'clock the boat started, leaving behindcd for some time, and during this season they repulsed albe off; but a plentiful supply of refreshments on board the steamboat comjiensated thein for the loss of their morning meal. The Thomas P. Way was decorated from stem to stern with flags, whips, burgees, and signals of every hue. At the fore peak floated a Japanese nag of immense proportions, while smaller ones decked the pilot house, the machinery and the rigging. The boat was also decorated with flowers, green boughs and wreaths, which rendered the scene beautiful and im- posing.SCENES ON BOARS THE THOMAS P. WAV.music playing, flags flying, and amid the thunderingThe Cunard Company tfairly under weigh, those on board bad now ample time to examine and inspectTHK BOAT.A fine band at music was in attendance, and as theseemed to vie with the other as to the quantity of cham- boat glided down the East river, after touching at Peck some size or color. The steamships Vanderbilt and Citypagnedrank. There wu no more crowd or confusion ofBaltimore,whichlefthereyesterdayforEurope,wen slip, the scene on board was exceedingly pretty and en-than is always incidental to a stand-up collation upon such livening. About five hundred persons, including a depu- both of them decorated with strings of small flags carriedan excursion, and both Japanese and Americans seemed de- over the top of each mast, and presented a beautiful ap- tation of the citizens of Newark, were on board, and ulighted with the entertainment. Warren Leland, Esq., orderly and respectable a set of people never were assem- pearance when steaming 8low!y down the bay.owners extending and hastening their repairs and altera-laid for the four Ambassadors, who were to dine in pri-'• nssHaajfortodies w e n allfrom the Philadelphia Commfttre< Monday. 1h*t>vntthenbaanotonlybeetpleasant, totedthemainwiloon,whenthephiasomeehre that they w e n ia isvor of stopping tillbut n ghly profitable it a business ttttt of riew, toae- wore drawn up to receive thorn. TheTHE DISEMBARKATION.much at they ttcneded very tttiaswtorily a arranging their corretcy question, ae to the standard ftnenett of their geld and atlver, which ia enderatoed to be the same u the present United mates coin. One of the principaltot in uniform, but afterwards appeared U full martial dtetss.^PnlJa^P Ji^^^PaaTfinPj.jd^ ^M||p||tli;-rans of '76, and the rooms were cleared uf all outsiders,in order that the Japanese might make their preparationwill succeed. He announces his intention of dancing at the grand ball, and will think of chntog a partner.The vessels lying nearrecently been ntted with new boilers. She hat been repainted, extensive alterations have been made in her in- sandal wear also a stocking of some heavy dark bluebled together. After touching at Dey street, the boat moved on up to Spring street, where, after waiting a few minutes for the excursionists to embark, the gang-plankTHE SCENE ON THE RATTERY.The philosophers, that sneeringiy useless set of fellows, tell us that everything w u made far a purpose, and that sometimes good is evolved out of the nefarious designs of the selfish and the dishonest. This theoretic statement had abundant confirmation yesterday in the admirable accommodations which tbe Battery enlargement, (which it is well known is the most vutonon scheme ever ear- ned out by the New York Common Council,) afforded for the myriads who desired to wineat the arrival aad re- ception of the Japanese Princes and their suite. Thogreat principle of equality which underlies our model re- public was duly recognized by the Committee of Recep- tion in selecting tbe Battery a* the landing place of thn Embassy, for it is on that etoasic ground the "ruitog classes" most do congregate. Tbe committee, especially Alderman Barry, (by when magic touch tbe "claret • issued from a brother Alderman's nasal aqueduct the other day), scouted the idea of permit- ting Fifth avenue to b a n anything to do with the immediate reception of the illntrtous foreigners when they first pressed the soil of the isle of Manhattan. It w u reasonable to suppose that our City Fathers would be actuated by friendly and patriotic mo- tives in resolving to avad themselves of the efficient aid of the "great unwashed" to the performance of their deli- cate and onerous duties. It is true that, when the mem- bers of the city government disembarked, there w n a perceptible difference Between them and the motley group whichcrowdedtheBatteryandCntieGardenonthis memorable oeoatioa; but it w n only that transfw ami a n which fine broadcloth, light summer hate aad yellow kidof Chinese upon tea trays, when these are widely ex- tended, and are made either of straw or of a sort of Ja- panned wood. By means of cords, however, the straw hats can be drawn together so aa to form a very respect- able imitation of a Shaker bonnet. Many of them wore large kid gloves. Of course, upon court occasions the Embassadors are are differently and more richly dressed; but the above description will apply to the dresses of all the Embassy as they appeared yesterday in their travel- ling costume.Ihe personnel of the Ambassadors is still more difficult vate, attonded by their own servants; and ia this, aa ta to describe, for it is not until a close acquaintance thatbut members of the committee had ingress, so that theroom WM n r e r overcrowded. The servants looked over yacht of five tons to the huge clipper, were profusely de- theforepartoftheboatandsmoked in the below deck, coratedwithflagsandstreamers. Even the Britishers, while on the main deck and in the main on the Cunard steamers, caught the infection, and they, saloon all waslife and animation. Some of the too,showedtheircolorsasjauntilyasanyofournativeroute could be obtained.one learns to distinguish Ambassador from servant, so much do tbajr complexion and cast of featured resemble each other. The three doctors attached to the Embassy— Meodake. Mcrannyama and Cowaski—are easily ditin- guwbc-d by their shaven heads. They are all young looking men.quitelignt complex toned. and they seem remarkably intelligent One or two others—among them the redoubt- able "Tommy"—individualizethemselveswithsomepe-a general gosag in among the moat delightful features of the excursion. Right and left culiarity of look or action, and these we shall distinguish.taavil. Precisely at akee o'clock the cortege moved off, evident. * undertook to, apidtt a crowd almost equal ts that oadown the passengers amused themselves by looking at tthereeachanexhibit**of thetaafaifioentscenery,and,intruth,thiswasoneofthein the distance as the sweet shades of a Moslem's paradaw. Above was the dear blue sky, with light, floating were dressed in second hand, ill fitting clothing, andand small receptacle for ink, with a few light and As the train from Philadelphia w u not expected to arrive gloves effects. Besides, it mast be remembered that theekiUful touches they would make a number of Japanese until U K o'clock, tbe passengers went ashore and Common Council were compelled to practice self-denial forcharacters, write over it a name in very respectable amused themselves by inspecting the depot and the crowd a few hours. They were pledged tot to ltusriard tttrjclotda, like peaceful bannerets, lending a new beauty tt tat and shore, breaking up the monotony of mo green outline by bands of light and shade, andtat villas and fine nsidtnom which pasted us in acenn with t pencil which no artwt's could la the cabin and oa dock three tables, besides that of tat chief Ambassadors , were prepared under theofJersey men and women who had collected there in great numbers to get a glimpse of the Embassy. Some twen-sentence with profane language, to avoid chewing to- bacco in tbe. presence of the Japanese, and tounpleasant sensation of wearing kid gloves with ]those of the Committee of Arrangemmbi blue, and U;- Presidents of both Boards wore white shields. Mr T P. Bmith onfe*ted as •argeant-at-Armt, and had r^eias charge of the chief Amnenadon' room. The receptte arrangement w e n rehearsed, and the pos'tloti of the OmneiftBtB and reparian were aMxmtone years of age.amaamt. Whether theymimr performance* than the Japanese, or were aot exact ty up in their parte upon this occasion, to to ia>t~sai1rii in n y ; but to see one of the Ahtoruiw, lepuv tore o r invited guest) walk op to a Japanese, strike an attitude, present' a card in an excessively esawe aaaaantaaaaB htoaself u olenUy in the chest with htofbwfingar, sad t h n shoif atboy. at whichCatplacen «arriveda fine light silk. Upon the back and sleeves of thesetalmas are round white spots, about the size of a silverdollar, with Japanese characters written upon them. the treasurer and general manager, having decided thated by a large, soft cotton cord. Those who wear thisThe hats are tike those shown npon the pictures door of the ante-room an officer waa stationed, and noneplaced behind a segar stand on Broadway, it would take a rvmarkboly keen rye to distinguish him from one of oar ••CeU-stiah.." Their average height, tike the Chinese, Is about four feet; and, like the Chinese, also, their com- plexion * a light yellowish hue, although some few of the Embassy have rosy cheeks and are near- ly as white n a quadroon. The style of wearing the hair to the same m all cksset. The forehead is shaved up to the crown of the bead; the back hair,English round hand, and then hand it to the observer,saying, "Me name," for most of them talk more or lessbroken English. With the same sort of a pencil the artatt ty five or thirty small boats filled with men, sketched, in rapid but faithful outlines, portraits of Lieut.Baker, of tbe Veteran Corp, and of one of the Metropoli-tans. The likenesses, in both cases, were very good butthe reception; that the roar saloon should, be reserve-1 shown when their occupations durmg the voyage to New by meaner pantomime aad broken English, that one imposing squad ot tbe metropolitan police, w u aed front aesta on tbe pier sad tang the Battery, mined to wait until the raters of their frtoede with Embassy to the afternoon It <thhnagh it w u known tint the dMingutohedwwud aot arrive IU1 late to the aftonooa, largeetna were made to the auuastnpt.aad at t a t •'caret tire spacton petto w u thickly studded with amass beings. The wtodows, and even the roofs of the hotels to the im mediate vicinity of the Battery, were fiaad with ftpre- aeatativrs uf the female s e x , who succeeded to getting up- tbetr #hta«aswin by I•tinting the awits Ufor the ambassadors, who should not be uatruded upon; smoking, loud conversation or applause should be durmtCthe reception, and that no one should he to man the boat at Amboy except the (Mmmittoeof Arnagemeata. Then rams, like all others made bythe committee, were, we are glad tatty, atrkay enforcedYork are described. Having t h n given t general idea of the appearance of these peculiar people, we are able to single out, by some peculiarity, several of the Embassy And claiming precedence by his illustrious rat* itSIMMI KXWaaTN SO-E.UH.Jcould readily understand what they wished, and they re- peated tbe answer, until, catching the pronunciation, ae they had before s.«emingiy caught the idea, they toughed fa admiration of their own quickness Some apprehea- eion* were expressed lest the Japanese were annoyed by to much questioning: bat, It (act, the Japanese eld quitesufficient attraction in itself to compensate basey, and bat done more to interest the public to the Japanese than all the rest of the Embassy Tommy has life and spirit, aad shews both, strongly oontrutaag. therefore, with the cold statunquenen of the chi-f officers;* and he has made for himself a place in thetad obterrtd. The committee consisted of Aldermen Prams of Berjn. Grand Chamberkiin of the Ty- as much ui the hne of croavexaminatioa u the Ameri- popular feeling by mere force of animal spirits; for—we re-Starr, Bagiey (absent), Omen, Brady, Taomey coon and chief Ambassador. Like the other Princes, his Cornell, and Councilman Shaw, Lent, BAH, Sbarren, rank is titular, and not hereditary. The Ambassador is , Van Tme and Van Wart. All were noatly small, delicately farmed, with a light olive cotnplexioo, with black coat* and pants, white re*is and y*l- and features somewhat of the Hebrew type. He wears a fully to appreciate hiscans. The only foreigners seemingly annoyed were a gret to n y it—the illustrated papers are about right when couple of young, blushing little feltowe, whom they represent aim as not quite a beauty, according to a detachment of a«tn«rraph seekers besieged American ideas, although be may bear away the palmthe representativesof Japan, ansaeof tbe an phy*teaflow kid gloves, and wore shields of crimson, blue and white satm, fringed with fold, tad bet/tag the lnscrip-proud, reserved air, dignified pnitioa.In his lace than w e n swikittf iadica-vs.aawnt; aid very' much fittigued for the past few Ho •.tended very few of the exhitmtont at PhihvtMaining confined in his room. This maybav irfffeet upon bis personal appearance, and It will delightful to him the quiet, rest andtchbewiffaajoyattheMetropottmn. OOrSI BTKGO KO-KAMT.aa officer of the Tycoon's household.chief advtoer to the Embassy, is t short.t looking gentleman, with a proud, high-with very affable manners. At the recep-offered their curious brass pipes, w i n t bowl about n large as the shell of one of the gut button on a child' jacket, and containing the toast eoaoatoable mite of yoJtow tobacBo, to passers-by, saying "Smoke me pipe," and laughingattheefforts oftbesmokertotakeakegpuffThus with social enjoyment, without ahowing any rntrvei wnrtnees or annoyance, the short trtp to New York wa effected, and immediately upea coming attarbt of Bed loe's Island, the Japanese, taking our reporter with them rushofi to the window and eagerly Inquired, - N i York?" Upon his answering in the affirmative, they asked,bad habits wlth our language, and we ail know O a t there «* vtoy bad words la the English toagne. Tommy bad been to pottedand careened that bis tamp of eatf-oaaeeit almost prevents ban wsariag bit stnwfore B is, wc pswmsne, that his hat is so saucilycockedononeside. Tommyranovertheboatyea. terday,»w everything, but seemed to try to escape t o - tice and observation. When caught by aa Alderman near the wine closet, be didn't want champagne, -aaly wani to wash hands." Re wouldn't write his name, for Capt, Impost had issued special orders not to do at, FiaaUyt whenperson*wenbroughtuptobeintroduced to himtlionofetiquetteordecorumbyanyofthe teryl"andcatchingupahurriedsketchofa fort, "Whatyouwant?"andincontinentlytoreaway. After 1bevisited n severely upon him as upon with the smoke from the cannon, they studied tryinginvaintheplanofstartinga bogusTommy, who,be being reaponsfble for the conduct of the and be looks well able to sustain the chargeit a moment, and then at once caught the idea, for the time, attracted many followers, the real Tommy and looked forward again for the Battery. Upon being tost refuge in the Priam' apartment, tad w u seen w» informedofthenameof thesteamboat—the Alida—their awnuntiltbeboatreachedNewYork. Mountedbehind! inability to pnnotare the letter " L " became apparent, the treaty box, m the pott of honor, behind Adams mag- for, after repeated attempts by various officers, the* nificent horses, nodding, smiling, waving his hat andM O N T Ar of the Imperial Treasury and ex-Governorhad nothing peculiar in his appearance to from theother chiefs, except an evidentthe abovenoroftueImpenalTreasuryofJapan,who*highlyoom- bmbatorsinthecentre,and,amidtinmeatperfectquiet merelytemporary,and intended to deceive theRussian sented many new features not noticed upon their send"OurTommy"backtoJeddo u happyu a prisonta the ments, headed by Alderman Boole, made its appearance,and, as if by magic, the docks, the Battery andthe streets adjacent, swarmed with people. The em- New York. who have come here to welcome us.barkation immediately began, Aldermen Boole and To the translation of the address of Alderman Cornell, Coreell taking their stand at the gangway, with the Ambassadors listened with grave features and headspersons on board the Alida, besides those employed interest in the announcement.yesterday, to Amboy, and returned in company with thoIhe Japacese iormed a half circle, with the chief Am andorder,AldermanCoraeUiBajt|,ajf,thefrUswantnatfated it lain Dutch to interpreter, whogimme Boojscn oo-Kanri,theobscured the sun completely changed the scene, and pre- Censor, and a little less petting sad spoiling, and we'llThe Ambassadors are extremely gratined with the re- ception and cordial welcome extended to them, and are much obliged to the geotlemeu representing the city ofwarpacked4tnB sorts of ways—in box** of the sameOK A T ARC I ,government,whodemandedsomereparationfortheslain. YATEISH OVOJEKO-^'OiTt TOMMY."'for the nonce, the two artists and historio- thc Embassy, both remarkably intelligentdepartureiathemorning. Throughthespacebetween canbe,andamuchbetterandwiserboyforhistra- the depot and Castle Garden could be seen a vels.dense m a n of people, blockading the housetops, but re-lieved here and there upon the ground by the reflectedJapanese nation who have ever visited our shores shouldbe received with those courte3iee which New Yorkalwaysextendstodistinguished strangers. Asthegreat commercial emporium of the United States, ourcity is bound by ties of interest to every nation on theface of the globe, and to none more warmly than toJapan, to that of duke in England, or marquis in France—is soon followed. No persons were admitted into the depot by the recent treaty, from which we have every reason about seventeen years old," is about four feet high, with except those officially connected with the reception, and to expect the greatest benefit* will result to both coun-Tateiah Onojero«a Japanese Prince, second interpreter to theEmbassy,butbetterknownas"OurTommy.'' The young Prince—the title off prince, in Japan, correspondingnages to be driven up—the Ambassadors entered tbe depotarminarmwithtbeofficersoftheNavalCommis- sion, and the officers, accompanied by the committee,they quietly and composedly smoked their pipes, con vertedandlookedout..uponthesceneryontheroute. Any one who gained aecen to the rear of the boat, andstruck a light and smoked away impassively, while their morefortunatecomrades,escortedbytbeEighthregi- ment, rode out of the gates of the depot to meet the loudfar entrance was tremendous; but the rule that no per- emphasis, and with the same appearance of interest andsonshouldbeadmittedwithouttticketwasmostrigidly earnestness. Thisceremonyhavingbeenconcluded,theenforced—representauvea of the press even being denied Ambassadors were escorted to their private room, whichadmittance unlesshavingthenecessarybillet. Relatives theydidnotleaveuntil thearrival ofthe boatatNew gazedcuriously at them through the window, was at welcome,soundedby athousand trumpets,and shouted portionofthem,gotoffatpierNo.2Northriver,totintand friends of the committee tad of our city officials eagerlypraamd forward, but wen refusedentrance. A brother of Mr. Leiand and relatives of the Aldermen to charge were kept off, having unfortunately left theirYork. During the delivery of these addresses the gudience, with eager curiosity, were attentively obeervcame in sight, failed to disturb the equanimity Of these rcprescutatives of the Tycoon, although a slightThe new and commodious steamboat Thomas P. Way, THE PERSONNEL AND DRESS OP THE AM- twitching of the corners of the mouth indicated their in- Captain Ryan, Went on an excursion around Staten IslandThe Interest attaching toTommy!" Tateish Nnojero w u himself again, u d f t o . day, to the cool solitude of the hotel, he is doubtless ma- turingnewschemestogainnewconquestsandnewpho-Alida, thus giving Young New York an opportunity to be after the embarkation of fate Princes, to receive the largo hold the Embassy two hours in advance of the old fo-The boat was detained about half an hour at Amboy.pile of baggage which they brought with them, and which gies. The Thomas P. Way was announced to InvePeck slip at forty-five minutes past eight A. M., shapeas,butsmallerandheavier,thoseusedforpack- touchingatDryandSpringstreetsonherwayaroundgave tbe name up in despair, sneceding only in sayingof the boat.Upon entering tbe harbor a salute was fired by the Vete- tographs from our beautiful belles. We shall see how befor departure. The harbor fairly swarmed with boats, What disappointment, what rivalry, what jealousy of t Mdecorated with flags, and this and the clouds which now happy charmer! A little more conversation with theGRAND JAPANESE EXCURSION.ing lemons; in very large boxes of a sort of red cedar, in the North River. At all three of these points the bunting fluttering in the breeze, and the stars and stripes floating proudly above them all Tbe re-attemptsall was correct and that none of the little boxes, big boxes or bundles were missing, the word was given to start on.TUB PASSAGE TO NEW YORE. Dinnerwasannouncedalmostas soonas theAlidaleft her dock, and the Japanese servants were served in the lower cabin. The officers took dinner upon the main deck, directly opposite the table assigned to the Commit- tee of Arrangements. All ate standing, and each tablea tfriendship.A tlengthNanruseGensirofor aa entire hour, and compelled them to engage in that pleasing, mterestmf and delightful occupatam tf wrttiBfThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tbeypossened woadermg wayUntitled Documentwomen and children crowded around the Thomas P. Way and welcomed the New Yorkers by loud cheering and w av.i.g of handkerchiefs. One of the oystermen in thein a word, they w e ncukated by the Bsavun.inclined to congratulate themselves n their nrmiatfrom the youth of Jeddo. Tommy dresses well. Hie trowsers are richly embroidered to fine gorgeous colors ;eoajrctaring sttracttonr,whether and others www.fultonhistory.com 