 Ir$<'ipfa,p*:.Don Pedro himself, will wed the youngest daughter of the^Pricce^^de.Hohpi^ollern,"the;Prihce86,Marie, also born in 1845. •,>•V<,?«-M-,•'.;••• • - « . ; : ••|...„';.'',..• .•>.-\--.—The, ladies of Bologna last February opened a subscription in order to present'to Victor Emanuel a splendid saddle, which has cost more than £2,000. T h e poorest women of Bologna have taken part in this offering, and there is.not one,perhaps, whohasnotopening of the great wockly Beef Cattle market inin work- -develop-the first rhich the ably the he able u> rea spiritsesstn£> le trnsted ^ntenuon* n t : OacsV b&yoaet*, >lows lorweapon* terv wae- iaA beett itoarmiee stnow a*the steel. We are,revent allat Benje- Erie,hed ndjnst a* sd inatan*- Idoderatork of r>. r>. hi*. The sx made a^increased M receipt* 1859 over ow Bidlfy and have balaneeof;have coroe Pbiladei-ontotheiW tex on this?Speaker of siting per- Extension Id preveofr>ermane4i 0r. Pbrr j« Preeby-mtere^t m ixtimste wertainrng-re eontrib* A thepeet deonnecU- reetiott o fembJyand ad cordial, u increaseition, a»4 ing books chnrche*., txiie Toneesbyteriai* htnce t b r ,rai eaceei-Sche|agtOBtjs to abide event. lar hour, and it is presumed that Mr. Fowler went on his statement, all of whom arc contradicted by various witnesses]erubUd Kork Citydosoinios tfa«: whoie Saints of^u.-!»tone, arte, thegt,andthe, fe posse* I JtfMKMtty, |ofk. r: to-5. JirJ ,*"'v,r11, 0i>required to coaforra to certain «jx»cifioeti»a« *°T>«J»anag«daod osed inaceordaoce with.vf tk* '.noff new*yowrehoeeo unit-*po*t a* the TheIkdoW,thecongregationpassedont. Averydark-looking broideredwithsilverandgold. Thebridle,of.Mo-, testatormailH|a.specialrequestthatthe.proportyatNOB.14andPenitentiary3months}MichaelHenry,larceny,Penitentiary.4ry: higher than was paid last week. Wo believe that theIftbeCommissionerswiHalsogivethepubliccheap conveyances in tbe Park, they will confer a boon upoa tons! of thousands of citizens.' EEa»we» J" The inhabitants of this city are now divided into engravings4i I y the Tariff act of 1847, a>duty:of8 per cent i* 4229, 2015, 2055, 2056, 2591, 2059, 2060, 2063^2064, 2066, 2067, is 8@9o., and perhaps avery fewatilOc. apoundnetfor two parties, one of which believes that the late Minis- cbarceaupin engravings, and a duty of 15 per cent upon nnenu- 2C68, 2028. Part II.—Nos. 1906, 1879, I860; 1877,1642, 405, 1541,w»*,Xa fe*tedy •- i«i re- •ring- ant*, a*.:'<! "5*t!H.Caro-ha.Y&(uence. / hi*theSooth^ fcav >ruwctt the» ia > ig orIgi^e an- itkoritTTptantl >a»par- siod by, : Unpreo- I», on the iroestlr of boutrerwslly- 1in civilintain rer». that ping the'stained inrch of j rhich, ii> \Ihfistians np thecox$- ; vt proce- Preeby-differenct • *ocienongDd forms thVeaee, ect to ite i a existed' have n o • keoeseary - with the must he• ' teacher* they are/Elder*, t nan formas in oxsr event the tofinishGospelRew-York to adjovrXfc.mly the be- •en» views, •tkmsio & Jicl-Jen all> a church by whichd jtft ha v- |>nkeaay- p*Je, ao-vo have & W of theEESBY-1800. >ught be- the rehv-M>5ion- e »k. Thei theifcKmrch hasterofFinancewasguiltyofembezzlementtoavery- charged8pfer<entfortheplainengravings,and15percentupon 7,1740,1926,2031. the colored e igravings. The 15 per cent was levied upon thodroverspresentsatisfaction,norprospectiveencour-agement. They are, howeyer, encouraging to the con-sumersofbeefin tbis cityandvicuity,anditisgen- meetingto-nightatNo.618Broadway. erally supposed, owiDg to the extraordinary fatness oft eTwo of we Commissioners will visit North Brook-field to-morrow; ;*'*. '••••// 'r"K- ^'-:'•)'• . all aloul in the same room, and it w u impossible forthe accusedNERVOUS«Itary Priace Leopold de Hohenzollern Signtarimgen,aged 25, will marry the youngest sister of the King ofPortugal'; Donna Antonia (born in 1845), and thef)B^ng| StJRRO(CITY'ITEMS.HEAD.—N. Y. Tuesday, May 22.—At thetensive and magnificent entertainments that ha« ever been projected in this city will take place. It is th* intention of tbe Committee to issue froaE> eight to t«« thousand invitations, and it is safe to say that yerjr•••'' > : f,• . Us* ^>igr '' • • ' ; • . " • " • • • «••• •••!WO'LJ-and economy, and honesty, and self-denial; and these •virtaes ncepiiro and preeerve the things of this world. History confirms the sentiment, and prophe ;y points to one more great overthrow. The shock eft the fall of^^Babykm will bringdown tlie other tottering systems, and when they fall,' to what will the anxious nations «5flob1c"ivr safety bnt to ehristianity T How responsible, 2*i^th«a,isthepositionoftherighteouswhoalreadyoe- €-. .<wpy places of power and might j if they prove laith- ^•lees, hamanity has no place left where to cast the an-^^sorofhone. ^^ w Atthecloseof thediscourse,perhapsbywarofap- M plication, the pastor of the church, Dr. Kendall, an-.oidcd^Lent4a perpetrating th«^theffrV ahyo" ploddlfil IfrtUtyi :and waS-Sentenced' to the[Penite»it4aTy.forsix-monlhst * P » -.ii fy: THe fbllpwlng persons were fmed #10 each, for selling liquor The testit >r is the father *f Cbsrles R. Thorne,V& without license: Fernando Windhorst, Andrew Corson, W m ;BILL'S»owooedthatamanwaspresentwhohadbeena slave11^-that" he had bought himself, his wife, and two contributed her bujocco for the purpose. This saddle * ~«*»ifaren, but he had three children still in slavery was presented ontRe 2d inst. to his Majesty in tho:• ;*sss*•"6W.i1 1• ••Wm. Johnson, larceny, Penitontiary 2'months; Daniel Kioruan, (asking fprices aJl Tuclday morning were a little larceny, Penitentiary 3 months; Mary Moran, larceny. Peniten- higher than last week, bnt after the fresh arrivals worePERSONAL.•'•A NEW CnuR«H.-Th<, Third Unitarian Society, of UNITED, STATES DISTRICT-ATTORNEY'S OFFICI- Margaret Morris, larceny, Penitentiary 3 months; Thomas Riley, yarded, the market appeared to settle down to just wljich the Rev. Mr. Frothragham is pastor, have se-—Charles Johnson is a policeman In Chicago: not ^0tdmt w^hJbasiiig a consciousness of his own stu-pidity, he desired to make it manifest to all men. So, prowlingheavilyabout,hisdulleyerestedonaman rather roughly clad, whom heat once arrested on amonths. Numerous eases wero tried where the prisoners wereFifth avonue, between Forty-second and Forty-third<dbarge of vagrancy, bemg led to this step by the ordi- .—The following trait, kx tho character of Baron S. Wadswirti of Oenesee, N. Y. The bond was approved by Pistriot-Attorney Roosovelt. • . ; . . . : • : .65,110, «6, 67,68, 69, 95,.70.SutREME COURT—-GENERAL TERM.—Non-enumera- ted calendar. •nary quality of the stranger's clothes. Having arrest- Brack, the'Austrian Minister whose frauds and suicidetheir stock for a little advance, the sales ofthe first : SUPREME COURT—CIRCUIT.-—Part II.—Nos. 1016, day were not large^so^that there wjill be a good, supplyed his prisoner, be proceededio examine his pockets, there finding a $300 draft on a well-known firm, one oi $1,000 on a Decatur bonk, and $60 in money. Neither the presence of this money, nor the excellent references the stranger gave, served to open the intel- leetofDogberry,andthe"vagromman"wastaken to afil%hylock-up; there he was kept for twenty-four hours,withoutfood, theofficer* refusingto:callonor send for the gentlemen whose names the prisoner gave. It was only by chance that one of these friends heard of the victim's situation, and hastened, to bail him. X<egal proceedings are to be commenced against Charles •Johnson, the ornament of the Chicago Police, So sayshavebeensomuchcommentedonrecently,willre- mind many persons of the late Postmaster of New- York; it isfrom a foreign correspondent in Vienna:UNITED STATES CIRCUITCOURT-MAT22.—BeforeJus-T74,1046,101,989,888,892,890,1042,1023,738,838;1054,1056,forthedemandto-day,andaccordingtoappearances toward the close ofthe market the prices, on the whole,. Will not Vary materhlUy from tho ljjtat two weeks, thatOrion,havebeen.held for appearance before the • •United States Circuit Court at Boston.—Jobn"RyhitoBrowne ofBoston, whose.acciden- ta}death by falling from a railroad train, wasre-attheballwas4,500. ;,—A letter from St. Petersburg, of the 22d of April,SUPREMECOURTr-GBNKiiALTsaM—MAT22.—BeforeJus- jjlticei SirrusttLAun, MUXLIN, and BO^XKY.THE COLUMBIA COLLEGE fclFl'ICUXTY. . •InheljalfofthegraduatingclaseoftheLaw Depart-ment of folun biaCollego, l»rof. Dwight this morning offered toButhowevermeritorious.th»charterintervenestoprevent tits puDliHbing of tbe report, except by contract under and upon, sealedbidsandafterpubliclyadvertisingten day». Thijt restric- tion of the chaitflr is imperative and must control. It present*igill, and was, on Saturday, sentenced to be confined lor ten years in the Prison at Sing Sing.—On Thursday evening, a German, named Fred- erick Staley, residing in Rochester, killed himself byraces. The signal had not been given when M. Demi- doff fired, and missed his antagonist. The Baron then said to hrm:" " Last night you were impertinent, and to-day you have proved yourself to be deficient''in both honor and courage." He then fired and eliotM. Demidoff in the leg. The affair made great noise; thepavement. He'never regained his consciousness, b u tdesigning and greedy acquaintances and hangers-on.A. W . CiriHV old for plaintiff;'J.-1. Roosevelt and C. H . Hunt for defondjint.Tie Chicago Timet.A»,. •*—PrincedeJourville,whoisnowtravelingprivately AnotherofhischaracteristicswaswantofdueconsidBev. EUeazer William*, that he (de Joinville) revealed EdwaidTR,iilty, for endeavoring to make a revolt and mutiny. toWilliamsthatthelatterwasaBourbon,isentirely itisstatedthatthevalueofthepropertyleftbyBaroh Hopleadrtd :MotGuilty."- rent year. ,To Committee onTaxes. .s Aninvitationwasreceivedtovisit New-Havento-; , , »in this country, says that the statement made by the eration: in fact, the inconsideratencss of the Ministerof Finance was almost proverbial, In financial circles folltiwingipersi na: . ,. • ,steam. ;Accepted. wMch, for a more sketchy trifle—which is all it pre- reach the Board at its last meeting as intended: ,'•; A'large number of the judges and most prominent MAYOK'S OFTICK, NSW-YORK, May 21,1860Llawyers,ofthecitysentm.apetitionrecommending tendstobe—isanexceedinglycleverandamusing TotheHon.theBoardof CouncUmen.Brackdoesnotexceed^600,00011." . yX -i-At a ball given on tlie 2d inst*in honor of the Sar-• —^Thomas Moyan, master, and Jfyron J. Chamber-Q lain and William D'unham, mates, of the slaver bark the principal lady inhabitants. The number of guests 'ie8«rvea.-li. -i'\ -r '..,. •;[*• •• -.-.'^ :•.,•..••:. •"Jofiep! mk Lacombc agt. Theodore Lacombe^—Eeport —A young lady of Hniontown, Ky., having read in "Li» d»iliueation», too. of scenes and characteristics in tho confirmed ;I ACCIDENTS AND INQUESTS.—Wo noticed yesterdaythe fact that Robert Taylor of No. # » Went Twenty «jjcth »tre«t, fell through a bole in tbe pierat the foot of IVenty-rfxth street. en Monday morning last H e w a s re»oued immediately, a n a wannotthoughttobemuchininred. Butitsubsequentlyproved. Shat bis long- exposure in the damp mud beue«tb the pier, addedtojuny novels and writen a few "novellettes"—so the r/rennit Hcaw, he held th«- audience In the most earnest and Rvbei ol d divorce granted. .. . .- . :. ^ f. ; £utta«at«d attention, Bi# word-uketch of tho lip-brav»-dm:list, oj-ft-«'. ht 81gt. Terry-i-If tbefrequisite aecurityvon €ielocal papers say—formed an: attachment fora young Tryor, andbialooks, -wa^"capital 23M-Virijkda HoUpux waa handled viih merciless ridicisle."b<»n fiveu. proceedings on thejudgment are hylsuch •« cutity given, stayed without an order. (Code, s e c \vmJk jkgt.-Tlie Equitable TiiBurance Company— She procured a gun, placed the muzzle against her head an explanation of Mr. Edgerton. Accordingly, I met Jr.rfin er op t-r-ed »o far sis to permit plaintiff to move for a newgentleman, which was not appreciated or reciprocated.and pulled the trigger with her toe, blowing out her , him on the street yesterday—he being accompanied by trial, o' ie | round of suiprise, &c. T en dollars) cost of motion,live in Springfield, Ohio. There sheformed an attach-. at once replied, "No, Sir,I diu not." I continued:COURT )F COMMON PLEAS^-SPBCIAL TJIXM-MIVT 23.—would otherwise be exceedingly effective. I n the per-formance prior to tho " Cinderella" spectacle, theHan-Ionsdogymnasticmiracleswhichcompletelyeclipseallthrough West Eighteenth street, near Ninth avenue, oneof tho wheels suddenly struck a rut in t}ie Street Commissioner's pavje- in«'nt, throwing him with great violence Jotheground Bo wa» picked irp in an insensible condition and carried to bia resident, wherehesoondied. Averdictofaccidentaldeathwasrendered. i. ..John McOuckin, anative of Ireland, died yesterday at thoJ'.':sn'exit"foraperson described as "a gentleman of that" Did you say nothing offensive about me 1" H o ans-Before Judgo BHADY. ALDERMANIC SQUABBLES.Russell agt. Wilson.k .place, the husband of a devoted wife, the father of five wered, " N o , nothing whatever." I turned to the bystander* and said, " Gentlemen, bear witness." AfrBROOKLYNITEMS.children, a member and one of the pillars of her hus- ter which I left Mr. Edgerton, and terminated the in-Ye8t4Jj-dtf[y the Judge granted an order, holding Ex-\»T H E SUNDA T -SCHOOL ANNIVERSARIES.—^Thetheir former achievements. They are the most won- New-York Hospital in consequence of injuries received b y being derful men in their style of performances that have run over by a stage in Broadway near Canal street on tne 2Sth pit. Deceased says he was intoxicated at the time, and does not blame the driver. Coroner Jackman held an inquest on tho body,when a verdict of accidental death was rendered.refuge in England, where he has since resided. ThyA of the Island of Cuba, havi % in custody the barkPrincedeJoinvillehasvisitedthiscon«trybeforenow. While his father Was king, be crossed the ocean and took a tour through the United States, being honored in New-York with a grand dinner tendered him by theauthorities and leading citizens.—On Saturday, the 12th inst., Mr. William Nesbitt,a planter residing in De Soto County, Miss., quarreled with his son, and, being carried away by anger, beat the yotmg man's brains out with a billet of wood. The father was arrested.—Thomas- Hopley, w h o kept a school for boys in JEagttxmrw, jEnglandi, w a s recently committed" to jail, after a jury examination, to answer a charge of man- elaugbter/or having beaten a pupil to death. It ap-peared that the boy, aged fifteen years, was flogged 3rom 9$ to 11J o'clock in the evening. During the night he died from loss of blood. j ,William,ofBaltimore,with5b0African negroes-on board.' The William was direct from Africa, andwas. about landing her cargo of humanity, when she w a s pounced upon by the little steamer Wyandotte and her gallant crew. The negroes are all young, but greatly emaciated b y their inhuman treatment and close con- finerrcut during the voyage from Africa. The bark William exhausts her supply of food to-day,, and willprobably discbarge her cargo a; tho African depot to- morrow. SaehasDeenincommuni-ationwiththeland, and had on board a Spanish custom-house official at the time of capture. \- •cout. B|kv«8ienttotheStatePrisonfortwoyears.James • cLellan, a youth of soveuteeh, pleaded guilty of bur-benedictionclosedtbeproceedings,andtheschoolsre- has-beenintroducedbytheseswindlerstoaidthemin behadonapplication.Hx&ejutoUenuAccording to the rtatemoni, the hered-town*diaUatfromtiworiginalscatofthed^aso-.aclly i!»cutvwodtothost8^?rii«afwtl«eeyew^,-.tThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069g iii»t xwcae^-EaniiibHl,;u..H'ivOii^U *.<>{' " - ' - • - '• -.•• •... » • • . _ . .wjfcym• -f.fc,y/».-.*,7-,i'i•H•'• • ' .:i*i • ;*r.i;-^ ••'i.!j/,:.: ••..• •:.^ •'i* • • • , •: • 1 ! . ( - -i/yifU.lf-A•y^:An/fti&i::••»•T."r* e:JU i>•[ ,^.^:^ 9'. Wf'^L;On reading the above paragraph, I resolved to havefor each House, and it isTRow proposed to contract outthework,andthuseffectasavingof$13.< Thematter another performance or two. Themagic pumpkin,one of his colleagues, and I by tho Hon. Mr. Lamar to abi«» tf»Ubrains, and killing herself instantly. and M. W . Cluskey, esq. Approaching the gentle- " In re P<tition of -Margaret Tibbeta, for a Commis--.—About eight years ago, Mr. Root, a Congregational man, I said, " Mr. Edgerton, 1 believe ?" He respond- «<IonIn tl B)tnre of a Writ do Lunatico Inquirendo agt. Lucy Will ca i find no authorty for one Coinmiasionor executingelergymen, then preaching inWilliamsburgh, Mass./ ed,"Yes;howareyou,Mr.Pryor?" Iproceeded: thisconattii**ion.was married. H e subsequently went with hid wife to " I understand, Mr. Edgerton^ that you took occasion Uerh 7e£ aL agt, Boland—Order cannot he' grantedto blackguard me in a recent speech in Ohio." H e withou-*t ie ] papers. 'V.was referred to Commissioner Acton to report. A com- munication was rpojeived from Mr.'Cliilc, calling the attention of the Board to the nuisances between Thirty- eighth and Thii-ty-ninth'streets and the Tenth avenue and the North River, in the shape Of bone-boilingband's church." With him she eloped, but, desiring tosee her Massachusetts friends once before euttiug loose The appearance of the' report of Mr. Edgertoh's forcomi ^tting an assault and battery on Alderman Russell, a fewthirty-firBt anniversary of the Union Sunday Sbhools of ever apptared in America.speech in The Summit Beacon makes^ it proper to give to visit them. Suspicion was aronsed, and the pair publicity to the colloquy between him and myself.daya agoj in theXity HalLSUiBR R COURT SrsciAi. TBKM~Mayl&—Before Justice ROBKRTSON. iDECISIONS.Brooklyn was to have been celebrated yesterday,"andgreat preparations hrd been made for the event. T b e - weather being unseasonable . during the forenoon, itfrom respectability forever, she went to Ashburnhamfied toward Canada. They were pursued^and over- taken in Montreal, but the law could not reach them there with an arm powerful enough to hold them; consequently, two families have been broken up.—Sherman M. Booth, who has been for a. long time imprison<?d at Milwaukee for resistance to the Fugitive Slave law, the other day locked his keeper up in his cell, went out into the street, refreshed himself with a leisurely walk and a cooling drink, then returned to iisjaD. and exchanged positions with the jailor, re- suming his old place.—The Hon. George Ticknor has recently presented nearly 2,000 volumes to the Boston Public Library, as the foundation for a collection of standard works of reference, to be always kept on the shelves of the library, and thus available to every visitor.—The Prince de Joinville has gone to Washington. He is the third son of Louis Philippe, was born at ifeuilly in 1818, and received tlhe baptismal names of Francois -Ferdinand- Philippe-Louie-Marie-D'Orleans. At ah early age he entered the French navy, and par- ticularly distinguished himself at the taking of St.jean d'UIloa. In 1841 he took charge of the expedi-tion commissioned to bring from St. Helena to Parist h e remains of Napoleon L , commanding t h e frigateBelle Poule. I n 1843 he married a Brazilian princess.In 1848, with the rest of the Orleans family, he soughtJAayYl, 1£60. ROGER A. PRYOR. —Ex-President Pierce and his foimer Secretary, Mr.was decided to postpone the^arade till the first fine day ,gt. Smith (twosuits.)--Motion for reference. many a little one. In the afternoon the sun shono he foundation very much settled. Nitao witness** corroboratobrilliantly] and the Episcopalian- Sunday-Schools, tak- board in a steam-tug, and when more than nine miles !br tho defense.' N o decision has y e t been rendered in tho case.terview.. iAlderma•" Wilson, the defendant, to bail in the sum of sj>2,000,•.'htfeeny, Penitentiary 4 months;'; :John Williams, larceny, about tho rates current last week, and from all of the lected a site of five lots for a new church edifice on penitentiary 4 months; Jane Walker, larceny, Penitentiary 6THE NEW POSTMASTER.-The Hcjjni John A. Dix,thenewly-appointed Post- ,cither discharged, remandedorhadsentencesuspended. ./'•NEW-YOKKJas.Maniner,esq.asClerkofthenewDistrictCourt. Laid upon the table until the appointment be taken up. The Commissioners of Record sent in a coramunica^t i o n c e r t i f y i n g t h a t t h e y h a d c a u s e d c e r t a i n w o r k t o b e done, and that there was due.to McSpedon & Baker andothers(givingtheitemsatgreatlength)$65,87351 for the Registers office, $1,953 for tbe Surrogate's effice,$1,64543fortheCounty Clerk's office,and ?2,5£2forlegal,services and clerk hire, allof which theyrequire theBoardofSupervisorstoraisebytax.,out giving any other information, that Lieut. Meyen- students Jfiaa attracted a great deal or attention, and henca there Referred to-the Committee on Civil Courts.t teristics. A n ardent philanthrophy, united with the dorff, of the Horee Guards, and a student of the Uni- was a large nun iber of spectators in Court this morning. Among Mr. DA VIES offered a resolution requesting our Rep-'' utmost gentlencea and kindness, a fearless lover of versity named Demidoff, were to betried by court- tho audience were Profs. "Wedgewood, Cutler, Cliatfiold, and resentatives in Cougress to endeavor to procure auOX*TI.EMKM:.Ireturnherewiththeresolution pnrpoita«t» print 3,000 copies ofthe report ofthe Special Committee appoint- ed in IMS to make arrangement* for the celebration of tbe Atlan- tic Cable.:*^ false.Henry M. H irhptead. assault with a dangerous weapon. ' Frankli|i Nic ids, indictedjlast week for assault with dangerouspiece, fthadarunofseveralweeksinLondon,Mr;F. Robs'on enacting the leading part," and the visit oft h e Q u e e n t o s e e i t a c t e d h a s b e e n d u l y c e l e b r a t e d i nd i n i a n K i n g , a t B o l o g n a , a h y m n w a s s u n g b y 1001 o fw e a p o n , ( w a s a r r a i g n e d , . , a n d p l e a d e d" G u i l t y . "S e n t e n c esays:. ... '.•'whoismistakenforthe fistichero, andpersecuted* oently announced, was a man of very marked charao- ' " The St. Petersburg papers announced lately, with-. sellore-Htiuaw. The decision on the application of the Universityjamin Bobbin," whoso significant initials are trans- an insuperable baniur to the adoption of thia resolution. 1 tboro-lated by the rustic population to signify " Benicia fere return it without approval..truth, a manly independence, a n d a siogolarly sensi- "trre conscientiousness especiaDy distinguished him. * When jastice and right were to be sustained andde- ' , fended, his pujse was always open, and his services free and active. He was a warm friend of the slave, and on the subject of Slavery was ever outspoken, bold,martial for having fought a duel. A s nmch has been Ruggles, ijChanc sllor Ferris, and Gov. Fish; also a number of tho appropriation for deepening the Harlem River.Boy." While upon some railway business, requiring [Signed] FERNANDO WOOD. mfaculty oft Colu mbia College, and a large representation of stu- said about this duel, I must tell you the particulars. dents from the College and University.BaronMeyerdofff, sonoftheEmperor'sEquerrv,was Mr.DvBghtrjmarkedthathedesiredtomakeamotionfounded at a grand ball given by Count Borgh. M.-Demidoff, upon thefect of 18fc0. forming the Law Department of ColumbiaMir. ROCHE offered the following resolution: .B/aolted, That the Attorney for the Board of Excise of this countybeinductedtodiscontinueallsuits againstpersonswho khall'talo out and pay for their license for tho/present year, onsecrecy ard incognito, the hapless clerk is seized upon ; EXCISE COMMISSIONERS.—Tho Board ^ t at thaanduncompromising. Inlegalknowledgeandattain- speakinginaloudvoiceinverydisparaging tenaB canealreadyde;ided. Neitherhenorhisassociates-hadseenthe mprisonforsellinglagerbeer. Hehadpaidbut$9acants:KILLED IN A QUARREL.—Patrick Corcoran and Thoe*. Woods, two laborers residing in Ninety-fourth street, nsar Fifth avenue, got into a quarrel on Monday. X uring the heat of passion, Woods picked up a paving- slione and hurled it at his adversary. The missile took effect on Corceran's head, felling him insenejble to the ,'menthewashardlysecondtoanymember of tjhebar to the Prince8s Galitzen of a n absent person. T h ein his native State, and one of the most distinguished Baron de Meyendorff, though at a distance, heard him, and politely requested him to cease to speak ill of one members of the profession, now aTJnited States Sen- of hi»friends. M.' Demidoff replied, that he wouldact presented b ?Mr. Dwight They would hear argument show- ing the qfpeTen :-e between the acts. Mr.. Dwight then cited four points In Bupport of th6 rights of Columbia.CbDego:- First .•jjft'nat, by the common law, the Court had no power to admit auMttori ey. ••.'••.'•SecoiHtiA Tha; the power restod solely upon statute, both in this Couilcry ai; d in England^ and that,, during tho Colonial period down to 1717, t J© Governor of tho State issued a command to the Justices ro adbiit, which conuuund.the Justices obeyed.Third fiTha the act of April 7, 1860, was Witliin the grant of the legislative power.- j •/month rent for his shop and the room in which he lived., and his wife was now suffering while he was in prison.;i The Committee on Civil and Criminal Courts were instructed to confer with the city authorities as to a se- lection for a site and plans for a new building for the accommodation of the Courts. '.';•'•Tofirst-clasahstel-kcepers To second-clans hotel-keepers T o etorekeepcrs and others$50 40 ..\'. 20* ator, reoently remarked that Mr. Browne would be one of the most eminent advocates of the country if he eould lay aside his conscience. L.speak as he pleased, without any apology to M. Mey- endorff. The latter told biro, again to desist, and at tho same time the Princess Galitzen said to M. Demidoff: •* Are you afraid ? Now is your time to sliow your- self." M . Demidoff then challenged Baron Meyen-The Committee on Printing and Stationery reported Fovrtn tTh>ttheyounggentlemenwhomherepresentedwere against.••paying-thebillsofTHE.N.Y.TRIBUNEandrelapses from his pugilistic pinnacle to the level of a private citizen. •—AJmira Lewis was, on Friday, convicted atBochester, of poisoning the family of a Mr. Petlen- dorff. They fought the next day with pistols,-at'15entitled i v beladmitted to' practice, and that an order should- be entered' ti|cor«mgly. *~ • . '.Tho C<jirttiok thepapersand reserveditsdecision. SPECIAL TSMM—Bei'ore Justice iNGitAHAir.'THE NEW-HA VEN RAILROAD CASES.The riO^BavenRayroad Company ogt. Robk. Schuyler et ah This | riorping the Court-room was crowded with connselv'horjepreeent the three hundred and twenty-f\ve de- fendants,'! nthis suit. Mr. Daniel;Lord openod for the dofenso,and called witpesses. It is understood that tho other counsel will proc!<ed in the alphabetical order of their names. At the closing o%thelCourt, the case had proceeded as far as the letter G, embrsj sing ten counsel.(^IAMBEKS—May 22.—Before Justice BONXBT. • 'RHE CHEKVER CHURCH DISPUTE.Henry A . Hart agt. George H . White et aLHerald-for advertising "Papers 'pending before his Honor,the Mayor." The report was adopted.Mr. JBLUN"T said that in one case an item, of expendi- ture of'.$9 was advertised to the extent of $96.Mr. Jefferson's personation of tho wandering clerkis one of tho best things he has! done. The utterlymystified and awkward manner in which -he manipu-lates tbe boxing gloves and attempts to shirk the awfulconsequences of putting them on, are among the funni- died early'the following morning. Woods was ar-blowing his brains out with a pistol. A woman whom Emperor heard of it, and commanded that the duelistslie loved, but from whom he differed in religion, hadshould be tried by court-inartial." ' ; - \—Tlie following letter from Roger A . Pryor is en- tertaining, and quite Pickwickian in its style. It isaddressed to The National Intelligencer:A few days since I received an issue of The SumqiitThe Sheriff's bill of $516.70 for. serving summonses in euiti commenced b y the District-Attorney for viola-and all the other characters which are slight, are givenwith due effect by Mr. Stoddart, Mrs. Viuing, and thepertinaciously refused to marry him. . Hence the r-. elaughter.•fv.' . . . . «—Not long ago, in Louisville, a man insulted the meter of a joung gentleman named Joseph Hey-man thenentered a criminal complaint,againstthe deliveredinthatplace,ontho28th ofApril, bythebrother; this severelywomidedthetoosensitive Hon.Mr.Edgerton,amemberoftheHouseofRepre- nature of the.young man, and on Wednesday he com- sentatives. Aty attention was especially directed totion of theElection Liquor law,and$3,37826 for the ever-excellent Cornelia Jefferson. The "Benicia -ijlFFERENCE BETWEEN AN ALDERMAN AND AiT same aervice in suits brought by the Board- of ExciseThep uirttiffs have obtained an alternative roaudamus mueQer, and the latter chastised him. The punished JScacon, a Black Republican paper published at Akron, against tHje iiBpcCtors of election, requirin, them'to give thetown has been amused thereby..*" miticd suicide by cutting his th/oat. doubtedly insane.!He was un- . .speech: ' '' ; " • , .;" But, in Generalizing upon th» transactions of modern Democ- racy, Mr. Edgerton was athome—forcible, pnugent, and felicitous.confirmed anfl divorce granted.' . I Before Justice BOIOTBT. •"' ).. COMMISSIONERS O P POLICE..• This Board'met as usual yesterday afternoon, and appointed Wni; | j . McKay a patrolman. A plan was talked of to enable the "Board to keep the Station- Houses clean at one-half the sum no-WDaid. It has heretofore cost the Department about $25 per annumOhio, in which the editor gives account of a speech plaintiffs;"! ertCcates entitling them to the o co of TruHtoes! orNIBLO'S GARDEN.—On monday evening was given here, for the. first time, the spectacular ballet of " Cin- derella/':Tbeentireplayisenactedbychildren,which gives it an additional charm to the juveniles, for whosethefollowingwordsinthereportofMr.Edgerton's MaryEJ.[Banibrielcagt.John3Sf.Bambrick—Report- •'.'-Campbell et al.— Motion to dissolve iu-: Sidiey Webuter, were in town on Saturday. The junctionll denied with *js7 costs,Taylor for Havana on the night of the 18th instant. 3ergeant makes an affidavit to the fact thai, the front walfi havoDaily News says :" Both are looking contented and convalescent—theGilbt denied;1ing been bispist acquisition of real estate. lor probate iO'day.The will was off«rod,' I II illlHliiilwmmmmwimtiamsBxm aas —apwawipasDAIL Y TRBBUNB;INTELLIGENCE. WxiX. o*" 'T^bM'XsWv.^HbWK*.WEDNESDA Y , M A Y p , I860.A b o y named Eltoha Lent ploaded gnijty to petit larceny np- on an indictment for stealing a quantity of fat, valued at $49. He was sentenced to the Home and Relago. John Darby, whoBurke, Archibald Duft', Peter Stowart, John McElhonKy. :.; •well-knownj tntor, and grandfather, of -Mra. Goorgo Jordan^Tife; A moHoh made s6me days ago to quash am indictmoht. foundPprtyrlburth street 'this ^pri^^^^;^^fi0^Bif. few of them will be declined. .7''.""^3,100 Load of bullocks reperted as. already arriy0<i forEmily Tliorjh The\vQ\ is very explicH., Tho teBtatorIfiftVosjo- Against Lttwrenco Hrailey, J. McAnley and'othors. charged with sale; ar.dit wasal«o understood bj a'few thatatrain lOATINO IN THE CENTRAL P ARK.—The CommiS-hio danghteJJK 1z« allbis^honwlKJld: ftirutturfl. His aUyervrarp, committing im assault, upon Luko Rogars at aidrihkipk saloon,x«ar,of the City Hall, in November last, was denied by tho; of twenty-five cars, on the Hudson River Road, might jBioiers advertise for proposals fer providing boats I* Court, and the parties will therefore be oompelled to atandtrial. ••- :•' i ar.i,-\ •:• i*>...,,•• • •: -• ••' i •• • arrivd at any moment, and it did arrive at a littleiffcer j let for birer-upon the waters of the Central Park.and partiottlllti j the setUrescutod to h'im by the'Ntitl'bnol FireIn»ur»nco Gwirpnny, of which hi Vos for many years PTosidbnt,is to b«» equifllk divided among his cliiidren, tho priority of soloc-tiontobba«<>;ding to thsir ages. The gold-headed canepre-sentedto hijto[byCommodore Paulding he leavestoIdsson T.W.;Thome.jj The remainder of hisproperty, oonanjting of real'. COURT 6FSPECIAL SESSIONS—MAT 22.—Before Justlooa' estate of veiyflargs value, is to bo equally divided among his;six ' i ':L -Q'A^KNBUSU, BiiB^hHAN, and CoNNornvr.m,sdposed to aid him they would have an opportanitv as hall of the Arcbiginario. It is of red velvet, all em- they aro pen aitted ta di»pose of any part of his real etriato; tho Comor, laroony, Pehitontiary 2 months;' John Cornell, larceny, equal to 10 pents net a pound, or, according to the cortaiu condition and r^latioi.*.•whomhewastrying to pnrchase. If anywere dis-children. IIis'foursonsareappointed hisexecutors; andwhile JphB Beck, larceny, Penitentiary 6 mpriths;TVm.Thcsosold, accordingto buyer's estimate, at pricea same authority, at something like half a cent a poundman stood m the aven«e of exit, a n d received manv token* of sympathy from the dispersing assembly.,rocco leather, is equally adorned with beautiful gold ornaments, andfor the front of the horse's head thero is a sort of gold brooch, containing three rich jewels— an emerald, a ruby, and a diamond—forming the Ital-ian colors.r-Mr. Harper Mitchell, editor of The UeaSbviUe(Pa.) Spirit of ike Age, died at the St. Charlos Hotel inPittsburghonSaturday. Hewasattendingthe United States Court asajuror» •.;';.-16 Hudsoh W reet shall ba kept in the family, that property hav-,MA T 2 2 .master, prevented his bond to the District-Attorney this after- noonfoxapwroval. Thobondisrfor$150,000,andissignedby Mr. Dix as principal, undErastus Corning of Albany, and James•• m '"•'. .r If • ticeSMALUST.• / W H ^ T CONSTITUTES AN ENGRAVING*; >'. 1062,1064, 10C8, 1070, 1074,10U0. :,1. SUPERIOR COURT—Part I.—Saine as Tuesday.Part ; '•' l\ ' AT. Ejnoedler agt. Augustus Schell.The plaint iff imported a quantity, of plain^and coloredII.—Same as Tuesday. ' ' ' y ' ' * COURT O F COMMON P|,EAS—Part I.—NOB. 2048,[ merated arjtic" es. At the Custom-House,. the plaintiff ,was 810, 811, 1646, 1182, 827, 1710, 345, 1972, 1996,"295, 325, 42, 424, tho beef. The prices are not aujch as give Western, -justlybemfldeagainsthimthanthathowastoogoodna- nolongeranmigraving,butowmeunderthe classification ofun- j- TTTBLIO mEETINGS. onnmerated ar Iclcs. The plaintiff now sues to recoyor the diffeivlarge amount, the other that no heavier charge Can ground thai:where an engraving was subsequently colored it wasW • iThe Republican .Central Committee hold a specialtured—too ready to oblige the men with whom he had ence between the 8 per cent and the 15 per cent..been on intimate terms wbile a merchant at Trieste. The evidence showed that the class of oolorod pictures forwhich exaipB if duty badbeen paid, was recognizod by the trado Ah hough a man of raro energy, Baron Brack was .to- as engraviiigs, and tbat they bore the same name, whether plaiutally unable to say ' nay' to an importunate suitor, and or coIored|thcu'ph the latter were m»re valuable.The Jury n ndered a verdict for the plaintiff, thus decidingthis weakness was taken advantage of by many of his that " engjavi igs are engravings," whether plain or Colored.•'•.,.' • *OsendeaMajhew,twoindictmentsforcruelandunusualpun- ishment. IJj ' t . . '. >\arguo'thelrriglttoDeadmittedtopracticeasattorneysandcoiin-nephew of the husband of the Princess Matilda, College, forthe admission ofthe senior class of the College. The condition that the county shall he put to no cost or expense in was likewise there. H e is immensely^ r i p , diploinaSfand certi£out«6 had been tiled with the Clerk, and he taid suits.former having changed his appearance a good deal by COUR1: 0:r GENERAL SESSIONS—MAT 22.—Before Jaig« ing advantage of the splendid weather, ass«mbled in out embarked on board. His personal, not his political,lotting his full beard grow, ana a'veiy grisly crop it is. RUSSBJUU,Mr.-Webster is smiling and urban* aa usual—very im- Terr hen Gillespie, a plumber at No. 52 Park street,preBfc-ive in his delivery of remai-ka eulogistic of Presi- was trie an d convicted on an indictment for grand larceny, in dent Buchanan, and very sound, as we take it, on the gettiDg j >B8' •bsion of sixty pairs of enameled boots, the property ofWm.j 5. Whitaker, 2So. 26 Warren street, whose atote W«B it-sUcs involved in the Douglas controversy. Mr. found tdjhaV been robbed on the morning of the 2lBt of AprilJohnson street, near Lawrence, where they formed in the following order, .about 2 o'clock;EJEAL EST A TE SAT.ES.—The following sales were friends, made up a liberal purse for him of several jnade yesterday by A. J; Bleecker, Sou, k. Co.: three lots on tho thousand dollars—enough to-take care ofhim. If they past side of Filth avenue, fifty feet north of One-bundiod-amd- ieleventh ttrcet, 25ft. 31n. bylOCft., each $1,930; one lot adjoin- ing, $It t30; four lots, together, south-east corner «f Fifth avenue and One-hundred-and-twentieth street; 25ft. by lOOit. llin., 4?S,-Pierce smiles a little more than he was in the habit ofsmilijjg when a tenant of tho White Houee; and he, hascontracted during his long residence abroad that pecu-liar-shrug of the shoulders, "which is the French gen-tleman's best eloquence. What mischief, if any, this sault, hi iiidictznent being for "assault wiih intent to.kili Heconjunction may portend, the future must be left to de-. wasreui nded until Friday.John i >tis Foster pleaded guilty of receiving the goods stolenchildrenSt. Mark's Church, Henry Hagnar Superintendent, numberingeaidthe whole would have been subscribed to relievohim from troubjo. The defalcation, it is n o w known,is of long standine, and much correspondence hadtaken place with the Department;' on the subject. Mr.Gustavue Conover, one.of his bondsmen, deposits hise What Is It still holds his crowded levees all day and even*- g, and so dees tho Lightning Calculator. ^. . m ^[Advertisement.]PlLfcS.velop. In the mean time,- and before the conspiracy by Mah na{ Francis axii lsudora-Smith .from their miatress, Mrs. is discovered, we congratulate both gentlemen on their AtiuMi BLeiry, of No. 864 Broadway, for which theyhavebothblue silk, handsomely lettered i n gilt, bearing name of the school and the date of organization.t h e .•'•MXJSETJM—The "WHITK B&ANCH OF TUB PRAIRIE"—has pro- "need a great sensation, and is drawing multitudes of applauding eoplo to witness it every night. " D o t " will bo withdrawn!good looks.".'•,'.',bqentri! d a id sentonced. Foster was sent to the State 1'rlson for two j eajjs, He unci! to keep a barber's shop in Looaard Btreet.IJohn Jlog >rs pleaded guilty of picking tho pocket of Emanuei M. Ohr iglit of a puike containing $35, on the listh of April, at aThe procession marched up Johnson street,to Wash-ington,' and! tbehce to St. John's Church> where theexercises pfjthe daytook place. Thebody ofthe fortheeducationofhischildrenJ , church was occupied hy the schools, and the galleriesby the parents and friends of the children.'THESLAVETRADE.June 2, to be absent two years, as previously arranged,' ifire in C riiiiue atreet.ANOTHER CAPTURE OPA SLAVER WITH FatC<iiluu,aresidentoftheneighborhooddesignated,priorto;NEARLY SIXHUNDRED SLAVES ON BOARD. the Hog W;.ir, as Hogtown, was complained of by his wife Catha-THE WEST WASHINGTON MARKET-CASH.—In conse-The, following clergymen were present, and took quence of the absence of Mr. Evarts, tho counsel for VIAK SYROV. It purifies the products df digestion, favors thepart in-the proceedings: Rev. Mr. Labaugh of Calvary Messrs. Taylor & Brennan, the argument in'this case, healthy action ofthe intestines, and prevents the accumulatten ost refuse matters and the costivencss which are the cause of soChurch; Rev.Mr.Carver ofSt.Mark's; Rev..Mr. whichwassetdownforMonday, hasbeenadjourned manyoftheseweakeningdiseases. -^Guyon" ofjSt. John's; Rev. Mr. Spafford, Assistant Rector of' St. John's; Rev. Mr. Jessup of the Cburch oftheRedeemer,andRev.E.M.JohnsonofSt.Mi-We gave yesterday a brief account of the capture of another slaver off the Island of Cuba, .with 560 sUves on board. She had, a t the time she left Congo River. 744. There was but one American on board, suppose! tobethe Caytain. Hisname isWilliamPrestmof Philadelphia. The foliowing.are the particular j of the capture: T h e United States steamer Wyandotte, Lieut.-Commanding Eabius Stanley, arrived a t K e y We*t on the night of the 12th inst., fro a the south side'rjp say^he struck her head against thojam of the door of- nne, WJtheshanjjy. ind dragged her over the rocks in front of horrofjidence —u bad iitljit which he had adopted, contrary to her notions of matters nd things. A Mrs. Garland, from that delectable suburb. Mrs. Cai njMrs. AuuMuHoou, and other ladies whb- saw and knew so u'dthing about the mottor, lent thcirinfluence against the ill-beha'i :d Patrick; but the jury,• notwithstanding, returned with a\erdiciolacquittal.A t " "BOSTOX, Sept. 8, V»8. GEHTUBMAN: For more than thirty years 1 have been a great svuTercr from dyspopaio and piles., I have been frdqueutly.uudev medicaltreatment, andhavetriedvariouspreparationswhiolaJohn |Murphy was hrroigiied on the sharge of attempting to '-Thequartersjustfinishedforthecargooftho Wild- commit!|Jarcenyinthehouseofalagerbeerdealer,havingboonBrooklyn. Although he had been ill for a consider- from the country are curious enough to see the inside j BO^aud 397 Broadway, by Walk«r-st.—24 Card Photographs, su-found in1 ; ie betfroom of the barkeeper, and wandering about tho stowage,butthereisawantoflumberforfurtherex- upperntyryyinthequiethoursofthenight Hewasconvicted, [Advertisement.]perbly taken, for $ 1 ; Stereoscope Pictures, $ 1 ; Laudsfire will possibly house this n e w accession, b y closetension,aswellasasupplyofprovisions. Ifthisnew Jamc.i 'Vilaon,ayoungthief,whohasbeeninoourt andpeni-able time] it is believed that his death was hastened by of a mock-auction shop in New-York, they aro cer-j ,akeu to order, and views on sale ef Niagara, &.c.At EVERDELL'S OLD WEDDING-CARD DEl»OTimpetus toward the suppression of the trade shall jbe tentiary; jveral times, and who came in for trial to-day on theincreased by the proposed bounty of |100 per head,wemaylookforothercaptures; andit willthenbe-charge o circulating some counterfeit ten-doUar bills, occupied the piiR< Hvezwti' dock in laughing humor,- and waited tho result of his trial; Aflit happened, it was.found impossible to convictcome a'mutter. of policy and humanity to .have tho him, aru the Jud^e discharged him after informing him that theroU I'BRsox, not enly his Hatvind defect* and how to obviate them •SSxaminationsdaily by FOWLER 4I W^UJI, No. 30« Broadway.slaves afforded every convenience and comfort for health,'preparatory to leaving for their return voyage. This is a matter that requires immediate attention -by the Government. Anotlrer slaver, under Spanish col-was no mbt in bis mind that he (tho prisonor) was guilty, and unless 1 immediately set about reforming, ho wonld certainly be |)uni JHJedto the full extent of tho law on the next otfeusc. Adjourn* d. ' «andthelatterforencouragingthem,and neglectingto. tafaraspossible, buthistalents,- andthebestwavtoaaethorn.—We are happy to say that the statement in Tmt"Taiair** of May 2, in a paragraph headed " This isthe ors, isreported to have been captured by a Spanish KINGSlCOUNTY COURT OF SESSIONS—Before .Judgi: [Aslvertisement]way Uncle Sam's money goes," to the effect that, among many others, •*Henry Hill, Treasurer, is behind in his accounts some $18,000," does not refer to MajorHenry H21, Paymaster U. S. Army, now of this city, but to another person.—Emanuel B . Hart, the Surveyor of the Port,, who, it waa said, went to Europe to take charge of an estate left to him by a former "lady love," returned on Sun- day morning. , ' . /—It is said that a double anion is shortly to be ef- fected between the princely/families of Portugal andwar veaael, in the vicinage of tho placo/wnote the barki IAKRI80K, Justices STULWUI-X.. and STUYxaa..'-The! ufiineeu of this Court was resumed yesterday.Peter I nnelly was tried en an indictment for assault and but- tery, wl ;h intent to rob^ A s charged, tho accused and another peixon, Ltacked Charles H a y about 4 o'clock o n t h e morning or March 4 while returning home from Homiltou-avenuo Ferry,William was seized.A SPKCTJII. SKSSIOK OF T H I LEGISLATURE TO BE,,,. \ *;HELD.—T/he Governor, on Saturday, expressed him- whoro ! D is employed as a «ollector. He wascrossing Court self in favor ofa special session of the Legislature to street a? 1Hamilton avenue, when ho wasaccosted by two men. takeactioninrelationto thecattle disease; and,al- Oneoft »eraaskedthotime,andMr.Hayreplied,thatbehadnowatch.] He was told helled, and the other said, " Let us take thoughhehasnotpositivelydecidedto call one,there thewat hfromhim.", Theythenattacked Mr.Hay,andhede-ie butlittle douhi that ha will do so, and that it will be feuded:! ilmself with a heavy cane, beating the» oft. Phe ac-H •... -'*, •'"'held as early as possible. r ,cused 4 * subsoqueutty arrested and ideutiflodas one of the at- tacklna{; arties. Tbo mother and brother of JJounetty tosUfied that haj rent to bod at 10 o'clock on the night in questton. Thoyconvertible, thus:ABRA-HAM LIN-COLN;[AdTstrthwmeat.1DEBILITY , LOCAL AKD GENERATVSeveral now isolated cases have been discovered in givenipa_,_-- __ ....„„..»„_„„. theJury,\heybroughtinaverdictofguilty, oad.Don-.' ••••' ?->11ibut.Albert Watson, a dry-goods clerk, w h o ivent into a house of, ill200 scholars.St. John's Church, S. D .numbering 1 0 children.fKK); store and lot, No. 129 Front street, size 23ft. Un. by 60ft^ S14,5O0.fame in; toward street-on the night of the23d of April, and got into a **! iuls"'with the feminineinmates, in tho course of whlbh he drew «. kkjife and followed Ellen Smith, pleaded jguilty of as-Van Bokkclin Superintendent,,r\ •THE KEW— *[Advertisement.]AMERICAN DRAMA, at BARNTJS^Sglary in b i third degree, and w a s remanded for sentence.James JIcLaughlan, indicted for highway • robbery, pleadod supply of refreshments awaited them.guilty of i«»ault with intent to rob a Mr. Shaw^and was sont to the Stat* p'rinonf»rtwoyears.Thomi i Williams, pleaded guilty of burglary in th» third de- gree,,am irassenttotnePenitentiaryfertwo yeamJames 0 >hiison, a Ytry black negro, was tried on the charge of stealirg'l ' vatch from'another negro, and acquitted, but wo* im- mediatei! )i recommitted for trialon another chuargo.Thomi Wilson p)t-udt-d guilty of committing a burglary on a store in jttl ulberry street, and was sent to the State Prison for five years. | "> » .ana sen^ iced to the State Prison for two years.injuries hje received some two or three weeks ago from a fall, from the effects of which ho never recovered.;BitooKLYir CITY COURT.-^NOTICE.—Jury trials forthe next term will commence on the firat Mondav in June, (4th), and continue for fonr weeks. Notos of issue for the June Galea- dur can bejfiled with the Clerk until Wednesday, May 80.The Calendar for Wednesday, May 23, is as follows:. Nos. 39, 28, 6, 22, 40, 46, 50, 58, 62, 64, 8, 36, 38, 53, 05, 66, 68,;69, 70,-71. j. ,. ,_... !v•!iHIGHWAY ROBBERY.—Mr. Nicholas Brown, whokeeps a grocery, store at tho corner of Broadway and Bartlett street, Jt. D., was walking ulsng-Cook street, on Monday even- ing, when! ho was attacked by a couple of ruffians, knocked down,severelybeaten,androbbedof*50. Heraisedanalarm, but t h e villains escaped before assistance arrived.THE UNION TICKET .—The entire;, harmony of the Republican nomination* ia curiously illustrated in the nameBof the candidates, which aro anagttunmaricallytho Vice-Presidcntial/namo being a union link on that of •'Honest Old A be/' The lettew alao oontaia Mr.tainly entitled to the consequences, after tho numerouswarnings which have been given te tho public by thopress. Our city authorities and strangers who get;victimized are equally to blamo for tho existence ofthese places—the former for allowing them to remain,;;—All tho latest styles of WEDDIWO CAEBO, engraved b y t h « :>est artist*; great variety of specimens. Tho Orange-Bloasous. ; Wedding Envelope is unrivalled. Sold only at No. 8u2 Broad'y.[ Advertisement. ]A PHRENOLOGICAL EXAMINA TION WILL INFORMto leavjs (the apartment without their knowledge. T h e case bemgprivate house.; They will not he feasted, hut a ball will be given, and for this purpose one of the most 05-Method,unattendedbyriskor*hefo*^ to. C.D. ILuoryt%Untitled Documentwww.fultonhistory.comThe bonds of John McKonna and FolixMcClrJsky, indicted for noon, making the number ready for sale a little over '-Tfyysay:, . '- , . .^•^.vTassault andbattery,woreforfeited, andtheCourt adjourned for' Xi>mboat« will be ro*}oirod before tbelat of Jnly«ext,e»4 itwo additional boat* bofor* tlia 2Ut of .Inly next, and oth«cs Atterward.w the Comrninionerii of the Park may determine t» t>«i^cwwary to meet the demand of tbo publicthe day... •', V ..; ,.••.. '••..-• -.^.^..v i. ,•.•;•_•••—/••;», ,", . '"- :••£*>..,'•3,5fc0 bead, the most of which were heavy, fat, West- ern Oxen and"Steers; a small portion of them extra good, and suitable for our first-class retail butchers.tiary 4,months: Mary Manning, larceny, Penitentiary 3 months;'.. '" . . " ,vi COURTCALENDAR—THMDAT.;proposetoleasethesameat$2,500ayearforsixty- three yoars (two renewals of twenty-one years each}, or to sell the same for cash. \FiiEiJD-DAT or THE THIRD BRIGADK.—BrigadW- General Hall has issued bis orders for a fielaV day of the Third , Brigade—comprising the Seventh* Eijjhth, Ninth, ahd Fifty-fifth Regiment*—at EastNew-York, on the 26th inst. Brigade line forms 11UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT.—Nos. 64,109,:week.: ":y.\'; •:[-In consequeace of the disposition of sellers to holdBOARD O P SUPERVISOES.' ' THE CABLE CELEBRATION BILL VETOED.—The fot •LAURA KMKNE'S THEATEIUT-At this hou*e,Mr.- lowingcommunication from the MayortotheBoard Tho Gjran*I Juiy preaented indictments againtstthe day, to inspect a method of heating by low-pressure Jefferson, on Monday night, presented a new farce, of Councilmen was accidentally mislaid, and did not•INDICTMENTS.procured by dozens of people at any cOst, and are one innkeeper's license. OnrrwotionOfMr. Holmes, tha would srfbmit the papers, reserving the right to argue the Mr. PURDY thought this would tend, to save ox^ waved in the face of the mystified Bobbin, by enthusi- following rates for licenses will be charged to appli-and gives himself airs which are by no questional 1meansagieeabletohiscomrades. M.Demiddff'was JustictfjS3iuth<rlandsaidthattheycouldnothearargumentoha pensesi Thelawwasunjust.."Amanwasnowlyingastic waiters, chambermaids, and kind ladies, jtndafterundergoing'various persecutions, which areprovocative of shrieking mirth, to the audience, hoisfinally discovered by being forced to put on the gloveswith a genuine member of the P . R., when his ignor- Wednesday, at 10} a, m. . ance of the manly art is made manifest, and he at oncetoshowcus<•.whytheyrefusetodoso. Thewritiareturnable on the 23< init.IBeforeJusticeSnTUKKLAND. DECISIONS. *establishments, hog-bristle dying, slaughter-houses, similar places. | Referred to tbe Sanitary Squad.a n aimaids and masterk of tender age'ussist in the represen- tation. The scenery is very fine,'much better, indeed, than for any pieceMr. Nixon has. yet produced. The dances are good, arid all the traneformationa aro well intended,andwill doubtlees work asintended aftero, b i s bruises, produced an exhaustion frou>-which h e died i n t h o tbo mystical mice, the mysterious lizards, and thecuri- <tourse of the day. .Coroner Scbirmer held an inquest on the body yesterday, when tho Jury rendered, a verdict o f accidental cusrats, are all in the programme, all play their sev- death, but censured the authorities for allowing the pier to re-eral allotted parts. We venture mildly to suggest the main in such a dangerous condition. The same Coroner held. KBinquest on the body of Patrick Doyle, of No. 455 We*t Six- entiie suppression ofthe golden birds, and the mitiga- teenth street, driver of an fee cart, w h o wan instantly killed o a tion of the flying fairies. They spoil scenery that Monday afternoen, by bring thrown from kis- cart; while driving;indications,'we judge that the market will prove to-day,and to-morrow just about the same as it waalast streets, upon tbe West side. The owners of ';th» lefts. \ the stock this Spring, and the prices at which butchers , Salisbury, of No. 66 Vesey street, has prepared ft- The Board of Supervisors bold a meeting yesterday, retail beef, that they are pretty well satisfied with tho handsome selection of Campaign flags, with thaPresident Stewart in the chair. present state of the market. Our iregular report to- names of our candidates inscribed upon them. " The Commiasioners for laying out the upper part ofthe city, asked for $20,000 for, the expenses of the cur- morrow Will give full particulars,I f t b a t r « p o r t p o s s e s s e d a n y m e r i t , w h i c h U d o u b t f u l , i t I s Thepieceiscalled"ThoBeniciaBoy,"anditisall Thatcelebration—tbeeventwhichcreatedit—tb»!attendingcir-cumstances and performanecs upon tbe occasion—have passed about the misadventures of an innocent railway clerk, away and have no longer any public valne.tbe over-the-water correspondence of all the papers. filter ertain that no public interest con attach to it at thin time.accordingly.Mr.Jeffersonimpersonates Mr.uBen-as being the warrior, and is made the hero ofthe hour.' usual hour on^Tuesday morning, in jthe Common.1ThecolorsoftheYankee championareincontinently PleasCourt-room,andgranedthreestorekeepers'andThe sum of $9,S60, paid into the treasury b y |Jie E x -cise Commissioners, w a s appropriated, $996 t o t h eState Inebriate Asylum, and the remainder to tho De-partment of Public Charities and Correction.. .' " • the "Chicken," the pet ofthe fancy. Tbo prize fighter, Station-House, to av^ait the action of the Coroaer'afor violation of the Excise laws—total $3,894 96—was referred to the Committee.on County Offices.A bill from Tammany Hall for oieals^furnished to jurors; and:officers caused some discussion.' In one case,dinner,wasfuridsbedtotwelvejurorsandeightofficers. Report withdrawn. TheBoardthenadjournedtoTuesdaynext,at2|EDTTOR. 'o ifa "Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.SIR: Ex-Alderman Wilson, for pulling Alderman..ussel's nose, a few days since, was arrested and held to bail b y judge Brady, in the sum of $2,000. Frank McCabe, for " maul- ig " the editor of The News, and sinaaliing ..hi* proboscis, \vaa jrrested and held to ball by Alderman Br-idy, ID 'ho magnificont (nm of ^$500. A?e Aldermen wortb «>o inucli inoro than editora 1 >r.istherereallyanattempttobe made to putanendto,orat delectation it is !especially intendecL About seventy (east strive to check, tbe spirit of rowdyism no rampant amongp .m .;,;••— ..-_—.-^.-••''•"'.'.!'est of all Jeffersoniams. Mr. Burnett is excellent asrueted and locked up in the Twenty-third Preciac* Jury. ••''.,Boy " will doubtless enjoy public favor until the wholeMR. POSTMASTER FOWLER GONE TO HAVANA.—MrFowler is now said to have left in the steamer Moses 3ergeant Lord of the Sanitary Police has reported as unsafe thomilaing Ko. 231 Broadwayukuown as Jennings's Building. T h othe announcement of which, caused disappointment to The Moses Taylor, it is said,.did not leave at the regu- aulgtd out considerably; that the side walls are cracked, andCalvaryChurch,M r . QuinellSuperintendent,numbering125had known in time the amount of Jiis defalcation, it isEach school was preceded by one or more banners of•Thorn: s larris, a fellow who entered tho house of Margarethaving I :c« caught In the act of surveyingtber valuables of a, cently permitted himself to be victimized by some of the dvsnepsia and pilcB, and my.general health ia now all that I cantbookcasi ,| i nuniber of which he had alioady concealed under bia clergymen present and singing by tho children. A mock auctioneers of Broadway, that a new element desu-e it to he. HILTOX DAGGETT, NO. 12 Esuex-st" Sold by all druggists, of whom our pamphlets and circulars oaaBennett >f No. 231) Ninth avenue with a fake key, and locked the chael's Church; . , „' .- .; " a statement made to the Mayor by a young man who re-, ilief. In January last I commenced taking the J*Peruvian Syrup,"dooralt<r!lim,wastriedandconvictedofanattemptatlarceny, Tbe exercises consisted ofshort addressesbythe nudaftertakingthreebottlesofitIbecamoperfectlycuredofthohalf of the bail bond in bank, to be paid if the Courts'decree him liable, and sails for Europe in the Adriatic Iter this week. It is repeated in elegant style this afternoon*by consent until next Tuesday. THEMOCKAUCTIONSINBHOADWAT.—Itappearsfromhave been recommended to me, but received no'pt-nnnnent r»-N. L. CtARK k, Co.,Proprietors, No. 439 Broadway. • ; l[Advertisement.]OBITT/AJIIY.—Grahams Policy, esq., for the past '•received a snock,orsensationofstupor,which be- 'jFOR SALE—A first-class Broadway Pnoro twenty years a resident of Williamsburgh, died sud- wildered him." After this initiatory 8tep,^tho young irKAPnXC GALLKEY, containing Specimens, Apparatus, &.$. Ap>paired to.i;heir respective churches, where an ampleperpetrating their villainy upon unsuspecting visitorsto the city. In this 'case the victim was asked to " put I' ittoyourear,andseeif itticks." On hisdoingBO,he)lytoScoviixMF«.Co.,No.4 tfeekman-st. denly at his residence in First street, on Monday after- man was levied upon for sundry contributions, and led « • ' •noon. Mr. Polley, beside being one of the wealthiest, through the streets, to various .places for the purpose of [Advertisement]was one' of the most prominent and popular citizens'of facilitating the work of victimization. H young men j I HOLMES'S NEW PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY, NOS»«' ""•/''] ;A'tflUNOEMENTS FOR THE JAPANESE IN NEW-YORK.—The Embassy are expected in this city by the latter:part of next week. Messrs, LelandwUl anpropriote!the second instead of the first floor of the MetropolitanHotel for tho accommodation of the Japanese, so as to••••. '•———';attend to the counsels of the newepaperd.BxruuuCAN MEETING.—A meeting of tho Republlv: cans of Jersey City and vicinity, will bo held on Thursday evening next, at 8 o'clock, for the purpose„h exjperleneed Nurse and Female Pliysician, has a SooTBrwaluw TOM CmtDREM TEETHIMQ, which greatly facilitates t h o TOCCSS«f Teething, by softening the gums and reducing all im- ammatien; will allay all pain, and Is sure to regulate thebowehuDwpend upon it, mothers, it wiljl give re«t to yourselves and relior- id health to your infants. Perfectly safe la all case*. Millionsofbottles aresoldevery year in the United Statofc,is an old and well-tried remedy., , PRICK OELT 25 CJUTTS A BoTOJfc .None genulu* unless the lao-slmile of CvaMa fc PssjOStt INew-Yerk, is on the outside wrapper,aold by Druggists throughout the worMUof taking steps to organize for the campaign.-, . • •X'insure them as much privacy as could be obtained in a Successfully treated by an entirely new- original, and pafasls^/'••.'• •:.//..rttW u !22iJr« i??iThe next meeting of the Board will be held" on1I; 1ANOTHER UNSAFE BUILDING IN. BROADWAT.-—All diseases of atonv, or loss of tone in tho bowels, such aa Piles,I'rolapsnsUteri.Fistula,&c,arebenndttedbythePERTT-MRS. WINSLOW,kIsuapeo  