 •ness operation; moneyed men are not in the'carry on the campaign. A new aad curious thousand of dollars except it be in a business tions.aNEW fORSl HERALD, WEDNESDAY, SBFfEMBM 6, i86p.-TjUPLB ^ SBffift ^ H,NEW VORK^HERALD. 8<ward's Speech a t Detroit—The Trnilia the udvocaie and Lincoln tie rcpttentative ia Newapapat Knte.-prlar— KxpendUares ot the New York reporters, who knew tketr busi- A WOSD OF ADVICE TC TUE lN>r«.—We give simatFaUaclealaxHisArguawaat. thiacountry. Theconflictisbetweenthe ••theNewYerk.Pxe*S+ nessanddidIt,Bendingfullreportsofallthe to-dayareportoftbesermonpreachedatj A B k. 9 O O R D O f l l l l l f t troiro* uroraonmacML owes K< ». ceif-vs or KAMA?TXMMX m*k •» ad*"**ruk cf u* IIHT. «T-r•n»to*f• —a*** a** •***••?3&DA/IT f^i^^^crsA1 !!7 . 7 * * ^ * » - . . - « - a i fare** , , « .Vd "#oifc$ w^m^mmmmm larnawaw VfeaVftast•peeoh delivered by WUlisiB H. Seward at De- bers may prevail for a time, but In the end th#up newspapers for business objects or for in- da tbe World, and the Canadians ware too lazy guire, upon the temporal power of tbj* Pope. struction or amusement, there are compara- and too stapid to do i t Their BabBcribers The reverend father stands high La tbe c?rder tively few who have any accurate idea of tbe have to take tbe New York pa»*« to &**o a t which was founded by Igaatius Loyola for ike enormous amount of money which is expended- what Baa been going oa directly under their express purpose of maintalaing the supremacy insupplyingthemwiththeinformationtheyre noses. Thishasbeenthestate"oftbBcaseall oftoeHolyFather,andthereforeitI*quiteun-••*«•*•xxv.•So*MAIPrince'amovementsfromas. Wehavealsorea- son to know that tbe vice-regal party are very well satisfied with our reports.whicb a n as full and as accurate as labor, experience and money can make them.factofthecase. Heretoforethemotherchurch has had to contend with enemies from without: now she is menaced by traitors within. Tbe Pope has a o friends in Continental Euroae. Catholic France is against hbm; Catholic AustflaACAOKKT P K08IC. fourteenth *treet.-lfAUA* OVs- S A - l L 1*014KBIBLCS OARDW. J Afternoon aad Breting.mFA WAIAACK* THBATBB, giaatway.-bomQmmm-Qm*Cktm UAOOFO _ _ _ » HXW BOWtBB* THKATRa,•A—How'* Vowa V.BABKUat'B AMEBTCAH MUSEUM. Broadway.—Day B_*r*e•o»i»a*..-uL</*»v«s if BcuM LITB-OSWTUHIU- uitnab,B*.BBYAKTS MIKSTB1U; Mechanics' BAH. BoexASwoas f o a m DAJICM. B f t - a — • AIBW4MVB 8toa r Srwnsu-PALACE aAEDBW, PcnrUWia OAJTRXBOXT MTTSKJ HALL,DAAOAI, B o s - j a W A c:£THE TarBtrNB ON OoMPABATm OOBBOTTIOX.—•Tbe Tribune takes exception to our conclusions some of the sovereign States of the Union we as to tbe comparative corruption of the repub- should be accused of exaggeration; andyBt theTWOTaw*"public conscience.'* worth the trouble. But when we look at the| seem to have as yet discovered the full valuerascality of which the republicans have been! of this important medium of intelligence. They All ofthese things he claims to have been the guilty, wherever they were in power, we think rarely publish more titan a quarter of a columnresult of a "national departure," from the guilt that we had some warrant for our conclusions in of telegraphic despatches by any of tbe Euro- of which be absolves the Revolution, the act the Degroot case. pean lines, no matter how interesting their con-this age of legislative corruption; it fully cor- roborates the statements heretofore made in the columns of the HERALD in regard to tbe wholesale bribery that exists at Albany, aad furnishes a peep into the heart and inside work- ings of tbe Albany lobby further than any pre-United States. We can give him a principality ont West; and although he has been living on seven hills for the last thousand years, and found them quite sufficient, we can give him seventy times seven hills if be deabea, and rivers which will make tbe Tiber seem a muddy brook by, We give to-day. In another column, the feeble sod the strong for political sway; nuoaj Out of the million? of people who daily take Prince's doings. This work is not the easiest Washington last Sunday by the B**. Mr. Maj trolt yesterday, oa the state of parties aad rm-greater vitality, the superiority of intellect and.TRIFLE SHEET. lays it upon the compromise of 1820. Therebetakeshisstandonthegroundofthegreatestdneidar,September5,IBM* demagogueofthatday,-RufusKing,andpro-ceeds to dilate upon manifest destiny on abo-TUc Hows* lition principles, the future of the British pro- B> the arrival of the Fulton at thia port and the vinces and Spanish America, the "wrongful-last Albany Legislature alone was two millions of dollars, stolen in tbe brief space of a hun- dreddaysfromthiscity,intheformofitsrights andfranchises. ButMassaGreeleyBexcuse for this outrageous robbery is that there were four democrats implicated in the business tofield of telegraphic enterprise covering a fargreater number of news centres than are com-prisedwithintherangeofourownlines.All tbeoffersthathehasrefusedtoacceptis ruinedpalacesandpicturegalleries,weatetheEuropeancapitalsareembracedwithinthe enoughtoopentheeyesofeveryvoterofthe notsowellsupplied;batWBcan,ias*very network of wires of which London holds the Empire State, and cause them to ask, whither short time, get up a Vatican with ail the mo-tiona1politics. physical power, must sweep the feebler libe-Itisoneofthoseadroiteffortsatthehalf ratedAfricanaadbisassimilations,a»theyenrtnristion aad half suppression ot great truths,skilfully directed to further his ownsjeause, whichhave conferred upon the speaker the character American statesman to solve; and in doing soOf the master demagogue of the country. He he has to demonstrate to the world anotheropens with a bold indictment of the policy of truth—that self-governed States, having differ-the national government, which any man wilt ent social organizations, can exist and prosperadmit, for all can see that it has not been emi- in political anion. To perform these duties thenentlyproductiveofpeaceathomeorrespect conservativenationalsentimentmostoverthrow abroad,andbecitestbedomesticdissatisfac- Seward,Lincolnandtheirblackrepublicantbe Pope's side la the controversy which is going on in the very bosom of the church.towards the Union, a foigetfulnets of the 'spi-pack up all bis things, put the keys of St.of confederation. Jeffersoniaa republicanism,of 1800, and tbe national sentiment of 1812, andFor example, the amount plundered by the tents may be. And this, be it recollected, in avious statement that has been made. This re- comparison. Iu the way of triumphal arches. view of his operations, although giving onlyPalestine ir< theriverSt. Lawrence, we hare de- ness of slavery," the necessity of confining it to every two republicans, and he laments, nokey, and at each ci these points are continually*transpiring events of the highest importance.AndyetallthespacethattheLondonpaperscan afford to devote to them at times when mil-lions of commercial values are at stake, or eveathe fate of a government is involved, is a quar- isted at Albany so poisonous an atmosphere as ter,oratmosthalfacolumn.Here,onthecon- isadmittedinthisdefenceofMr.Weed.He trary, where the telegraph lines connect onlyour own States, and where the intelligence pass- ed over them is rarely of the importance or a b sorbing interest which attaches to tbe Euro- pean despatches, the NewYorkjournalsgive one, two, three or four columns of telep-aphictail*cfKuropeannewstothe22d,andatelegraphic whereitnowexists,anditsinjusticeandinhu-doubt,that'.heplunderwasdividedinlikepro- portion; and he cites the Wisconsin corruptions, and those in Illinois and Maine, as similar ex amples. But we know that the members of each partyintheAlbanyLegislatureweredivided just about the other way. However, let that pass: we have no objection to this mode of set- tling the division of the plunder. It only show*Tbe public have for years past looked upon tbelegislativebodiesofourcityandStateas water. being the centres and hotbeds of corruption;but few could be made to believe that there e xgimmary of intelligence to the 24th nit.The new* of die landing of Garibaldi in Naples ismanity.In thisconnectionhe inventsNEW MODE^©* RAISINGTHEW&DFORCARRV- Dke* os PRESIDENTIAL CAV.'MIGVS.—Gerrit Smith istbecandidateoftbeSimonPureabolition party in New England aad New York, and be is expected by bis ultra friends to walk into the ranks of the Lincoln men and take away all tbe extremists, while the moderate and conser- vative portion will be drawn off tc the Union ticket In order to carry on the war with vigor, the candidate has resorted to a novel mode of obtaining a supply c f tbe sinews. H e has instituted suits against persons and news- papers who have published the manifesto of tbe Vigilance Committee of this city, charging Ger- ritSmith,amongothers,withbeingconcerned intheJohnBrownconspiracytoivadeVirginia. He has laid the damages at from $10,000 to $40,000; and as there are two or three hundred<§1confirmed. It appean, however, that be does not the new and ambiguous phrase of "federal intendtotikeanactivepartintherevolutionary slavery,"andtellsusthat"VirginiaandTexas proceedings until the leaders in Naples exhibit an are thrown into a panic even now by the ap- ummstakeattie earneatnese in the movement. It is pearance of a handful of men within their reported that he has become disgusted with the borders instigating civil war.7' He alludes to the lethargy of! the Neapolitana, and will net appear social exigencies oi the age—-'sugar and oot-tells us that "there has scarcely been a session cf the Legislature for more than a quarter of a century out of which he could not have made a large amount of money," and that the refusal to' do so has made enemies o u t o f intimate friends. W ho are these "intimate friends'' that flock to him with their well filled purses and promise totfae fine sensibility of Massa Greeley in claiming oa the scene until Naples has been a month ina toa"—forwhichhe has a characteristic solu- evenhandedjusticefor therobbers of bisownstate of insarreetico. A n official note o f t h e Aus- trian, government, relative t o Garibaldis expedi- tion . is shorjtly to be promulgated.There i>> nothing important from Syria. 1 1 M rork of trs>qaili*mg the country w a s going ontWactorilt.At Uverppol'the cotton market w a s qaist, t h e ronttnuance o f b a d weather having checked ope- rations to w^me extent. Price*, however, exhibit-ed an apw^id tendency and middling qualitieswere alight!j dearer. Breadstufl* had also slight-tion. According to Mr. Seward, we produceparty. If we had otir will we would send thecom lotion. iThey were, however, immediately ciple are violated in the fact that sis-pardoned b y the Court. This singular coarse o a ter States are forced to watch and may be safely reorganized without curtailingconfesses they do, must be because they know some people—Irishmen, for example—who arethat he is in that line of trade. troubled with modesty to an alarming degree.aHe informs us that he has "persistently re- They have so small an opinion of themselvesfused for six years to accept fifty per cent of a that their success in life is materially retarded.claim of $1,200,000 against tbe State;" and in One of these persons is Mr. Seward. When bethesameparagraphwearealsotold thatthou- went off to Europe, a while ago. he toldsands of dollars have been offered for the de- the faithful band who accompanied himfeat of city railroads; also "that there have down tbe bay that be was the " instructor" of been legislative measure/ in which be has had tfae republican party; now he has gone a stepthe part of the tribunal had caused considerable defend themselves against invasion and intru- the dominions of the Sultan. There are two excitement throughout the country, and had also sion by citizens of other Statesfand that they objections to his plan which we regard as fatal. called forth severe animadversions from the press. ai* to day thrown into a panic by tbe presence It contemplates the division of the empire into Castro was about to retire from Venezuela, and itin their midst of men "instigating civil war." a number of small States, the whole to have awas supposed he would take up his residence Theexistence* of these evilsisnotduetoany federalrepresentation,composedhalf ofMussul- weekly expenses for additional telegraphiceither iu I'ortd Rico o r Cuba. T h e United States weaknefs or failure in the policy of the fede- man and half of Christian delegates. A mo- despatches specially famished to it frequentlysioop-of-war St. Louis was at Laguayra on the 7th ult.Tbe Prince of Wales is evidently getting intoral government, which Mr. Seward assails; ment's reflection will show that this would amount to over a thousand dollars, being more they are due to the teachings of Mr. Seward never work. A representative system pre- than those incurred by all tbe other New Yorkultimate or prospective interests." In that will give some idea of the enormous amount of category he places the city railroads passed atfurther, and announces himself to the loyal citizens as their Prince end Governor. Hear his Royal Highness:—It is a grave matter, fellow citizens, to be received tn this city, which I bnaor and lore so macb. with demonhimself on the Poor of the Senate, in the hallstrouble about aim. Our despatches from Kingston of the people, and on the platforms of popular lation, and the Turks are far removedindicate a feeling there that almost vergea Upon a asserubtogts; they spring from the growth of from the condition which would fit them for riot, the difficulty being between tbe Orangemen his black republican principles and party;and the exercise of the elective franchise. Then, aud Cathoik s. \ Neither seem inclined to give way. should these triumph ia November, and Lin- again, our correspondent would have the su- and the result is that the Prince, rather than landpapers put together. This one item of expensetrouble, or rather his subjects are getting intoculty be adjusted be will not land at all.The republic ana o f Detroit and vicinity gatheredtbousai-dfold, by the confidence on the part of the persons "instigating civil war" that be-perpetuating the very evil which it is sought to get rid of, for until Turkey be freed from! this city who think that it is sufficient tor them an admission that his associates are of that class when you get to Springfield, please to knightto subscribe one or two hundred thousand dol- who are in the habit of hovering around the old Abe—that is. if he is well up in his horntianity.TbehAics of eottoa yesterday embraced about 400 a MOtions agitation and popular dissatisfaction, but they are the premonitions of a revolution against<-nmij>tpartyorganizations,whichhaveMrs. King.Now that we have the names of tbe fair ones,will not the Chevalier give us full particulars as to what they wore, how much each dress cost,whopaidforit,andsuchotherlittlepar- ticulars as may occur to his inquiring mind? The subject is one of vast importange, and we must know all abont it. En avant, Jenkins:there must be combined with it a due sense of its responsibilities. Without these all the capi- tal in the world would fail to create a news- paperthatwouldtaketheleastholdofthe public confidence or make the slightest impres- sion on the public mind.-CiRiosrTTEs OF CAXAMAA JoAtKAUSM.—Someof the Canadian newspapers are making a terri-blefussabcutthespecialcorrespondentsofthewhilst pretending to be in favor of a tariff, yet advocating a modification in favor of those who were paying, as be stated, "political expenses.''bale*,c.osmgw.iA:ntfaerangeof10Jfc alie.for<tr**atlott of muidtuif TipieiMta We were shown letters tester-IIAT, receiver by one of our moat reapeeUble coitoa com , i educed the policy of tbe government to a level•aaisamaboue.ii,<mtoarecentdatefromvariouspointsof withthatotawardmeeting,andagainstd<mia-Withthesefactsstandingoutinboldrelief, asatHarper'sFerry,orariotinthecity,orcoln and bis abolitionised followers come topreme government more or less under the con-But money is not everything in the organiza- of speculators, amoDg whom, by his own ad- sichas i could not have found surpassed, / think, i» t*> province tkroupk lufticA / hn. - passed tn day em the vuit oftion and successful working of a first class mission, is Mr. Weed himself. We are told that xUherediiarji Prince and Outantor. ,last night and fun the risk of a row, slept on the occupy the high places of the land, they would trol of a council, composed of the representa-steamer o n w b c h h e arrived. Should not the diffi- be increased tenfold, a hundredfold, aye, a tives of the European Powers. This would benewspaper. There are plenty of capitalists in these numerous bribes are offered by friends—That's good. Go ahead, Prince William; aadTeas. ln.ta!sa%jaw«aa, Wasawtppi, Florid* wtGeorr-a, aad, with few eawattens, tbey aU gave disconragiog•ccoonmof the preamt crop, t b e , *7 i^m^ h a dfreely fallen in many puto of tbe oottoa r»fk»,a«tu>olate to repair (be laaage tofltctod by the pr,*,*,,4roo«at and in spaae dtstrteto, where the raioa h» i beeobeavy end continuous, tbe raat had supervened, ana ia-1icteiseriouidamage. Theaeeooaufrom1»3casareper. ferei»c*,avirtueandapowerwhichtheyhad hadbeenstopped,owingtocertaincomplaints ticularlyfioosty,whereamrealyhailAcropwaaexpected, not Yetbedtiesnotundertaketosolve-beLouiAiaaa, * lAbaxaa, Ftoriea and sum* oarta of «Jeoi*U [bad also suilered severely. Several letters p*i down theeven fears to state—the true question which is before the people and the statesmen of thisagainstitasamonopoly;butthematterisall settled now, and the New York papers will be delivered at the usual time at Montreal and other points to the Northward. Any one who chooses can now send matter by the newspaperNewYorkjournals—thoseoftheHERALDinpsr• tohisterms?or,perhaps,itmayhavebeenfor tiCular. Our reporters are called very bad the reason that he had as many jobs on hisy Mid at one thtri to one half of a crop. None nf their•atimatos exceed 4.000 000 bales, while soss* ran do«n to country. Todaj we have in our midst four from S •00,010 to 3 AU> OW beies These eeiimates, how mkiior*. tbe next gen«ratiou will hare eightnames: they are accused of committing "news-paper villanies," and other crimes In similarelegant language, which it appears is quite com-mon among certain "gentlemen" who conductthe provincial press. The only Instance of er-roronthepartofourreportersisinthestate-ment that a "corpulent gentleman," with an un-pronounceable name, met with an accident onthe race course. The person referred to pub-lishes a letter half a column long, to prove—first, that he is not a gentleman; second, that tbe next will be tenfold worse. Under tbeper barrel higher, ana, bet for the ,m to frotgkto,tbe humannv in tK idea that tk~. , * 7graph nevs. ••nicb is now essential to the public.By and by, when tbe news of tbe HERALD is allpogues and factions agitators like himself, who wonld seize power through these same political ovgj-niza'ionsis not bis recusal for six years of the sum of six hundred thousand dollars easily accounted for? It appears that be opposed the city railroads for a long time, but finally his "prospective interests" induced him to take the other side Ie not his holding back on the claim against theStatesimplytoforcethepartiestocomeMr. inward talks cf the failures of our states- men now dead and gone, and assumes, by In.THE NSWSI'APEK EXHRKSS.—For a short time the newspaper express on the Central Railroadanother revolt on Staten Island. Under tbe orders of the Secretary of War, the preliminary experimeatAhave been made, and the system is to be employed almost immediately by our troops in the field and engaged to the Indian warsonthefrontier. Tberesultscftheseex- perimentswillbelookedforwithinterest,both at home and abroad. The best authorities believe that the improvement will bean entire success. •TBE BLACK REPI iiucu.« IN A FEIGUT.—That the republican leaders are thoroughly frightea- ed all their acts show; but there is no stronger indication of the panic than a long editorial article in yesterday's Tribune, in which Greeley cries out, 'One million of choice documents and half a million of tbe Lives of Lincoln for sale." He is always harping on this string, from which it is very evident he is seized witha double fright—first, about the election, and, S>t tbe race course at the time specified. There- are at work securing tbe election of their men, secondly, about tbe sale of his documents,ever , it WAS tbojafbt, might beeon* aaore tarorsbie millions, and the succeeding one sixteen mil- express train. There is no monopoly in thatChooid the aowssbai moataa be fro* fro a storms, with a lion*, of „n tnterior and dissonant race—"feeble, This system cannot be impeded; it is destined cirar, On* picking Staaoa, aad tote frost; yes under nococt!OfCDC^s'eo<4a theyWdroanbthegrowthoftost incapableofatolmUarton,'asMr.Howardban- tospreadineverydirection. Peoplemusthavebands as he could attend to. It seems that the parties holding the claim do not press it, for some reason or other; it may be one of those projects that are on the slate for the next ses- sion.fear, to ronaeaoAwoi ef tbe sreajweta ahead, ptoator*twMing cottoaipMSerdatopplK* from sato rtoor, endar tbe news, wis about so. sod torn,? There U tH.itbsratateamanship nor£»! ^ I ! " 5 W **• «»«J best to be governed! the metropolitan jrinrnais. for tbe country pa-Tbe city railroads and other peculating jobs were disposed of by the last Legislature, leav- ing the Held open for other schemes That body was the most infamous that ever assem- bled at Albany; yet, from present indications,J?? . " I W **** W * for themselves pers cannot afford to pay tbe prices for tele-VheoA and ears as did tbeir b.etbren once in the Northern furnished by telegraph—when the' events ofaatoasbs»raM, nate in this Se*>*d was peeaiUrly unfortu. every day in every part of the known world arewhile eatos war* ton-, saw liiBlili I sseaaaa SlSMV «» coaaectioa, in his M I , ^ to published in our paper of the next morning, asMMK.aedae^prbssslBUniCaBUITjc. Stognr. Spanish America. There weermtenipUtean- theyonedaywillbe—peopleinailpartsoftbehe is not corpulent; and third, that be was not cloak of the Presidential canvass, the schemershave swept the Indian races, from the unequal contact That is the great problem for th#quire. The majority profit by the reaujto with- out having tbe curiosity to inquire bow they have been arrived a t And yet there are not many subjects more interesting than the ma- chinery and organization of a great daily jour- nal, employing, as it does, a regiment of bands, and an amount of capital which would astonish tbosewhojudgeonlyofitsi^nlreiB*ntsIn -rfiatwaybythemodestpriceofitsdallyissue. Were we to tell them that the receipts and ex- penditures of our own paper exceed those ofthrough New Brunswick, Nor* Scotia and necessary to may that the sermon is a strong Canada. Aa account of the Prince's reception orthodox production, and one which will es- at St. Joans, N. ¥., was priated In tbe NEW YOKE pecially delight tbose of the faithful who taketionevincedla every quarterof theUnioniaevidence. I a doing this b e classifies, with aplausible simulation of artlessneis. Stateswatching for "intrusion and invasion by citi-zens of other States*/' in other words,John Brown raids, with dissatisfaction lican party and the democratic party which WB fact is easily demonstrable byfigures,were WB We advise the Canadian editors to stick to will not help bin; Catholic Spain looks an indif-schemes. ____________attbetariffpolicy,thefisheryboun-cametoinourcommentsupontheDegrootcon-calledupontopro,veit. theirlittleinternecinequarrelsandleavethehave been doubled or" trebled. Now, we are however, be easy to show that It is in this re-Tbe toafef*ion of Thnrlow Albany Legislation.admirable assumption ofcandor, pronouaces thatItfollowsfromafailuretoestablishafede- ral policy in regard to the relations of slaverytion is tbe most corrupt, we do not see the ne- assertion tbe different use made of the telegraph, bis legislative peculations It is one of tbeMIKMWIU u t BTMOMAS Soxes, Baaubaae Baas** * • • - ritual ends" of party, and a deadening of the cessity of it; such a discussion would not be by both presses. The London papers do not most singular documents that has appeared in Peter in his carpet bag. and come over to tbeineitherofthemtosatisfySatanhimself;andas fancyascomparedwithitsEnglishrivals. Let low Weed,to thechargesthathave beeare- andtbeworkisstillgoingon. Thatshowsreal to getting into a controversy about which fac- us take as an example of the correctness of this cently made by our city cotenrporaries against devotion, and therefore we advise the Pope toenough of these articles for ourselves; aad if plunderers of both factions to tbe State prison matter, according as its nature warrants.Europe wants them he recommends Europe to to work out the difference for the benefit of the Hence arose the necessity for the organizationsend ber white laborers hither, or to the pesti- State. lential shores of the tropics, to grow them. A sto his poiie.Y of government, he proclaims that «no government can excuse itself from protect- ing the extreme rights of every human being, whetherforeignor native born, bond or free;" sad he asserts that Lincoln will stand up to thisknown as tbe Associated Press. An idea pre- empty them at his feet if he will only speakvails that this was established in order to saveexperae to the different journals of which tbe OFTUBDAV.-—InanothercolumnwjUlbefoundan associationiscomposed,andtopreventcompe-tbe magic word to the Legislature? Are they brother republicans o r democrats? A r e they eitherPresidential.Gubernatorial orCongres-POLITICAL TBOIBLKS OP Et «OPB—THE PROBMCHinterestingsketchoftheEasternquestion,from tition. Nothing canbemore erroneous. It sionalaspirants,orsimply privatespeculators,its earliest developement in the time of Peter the Great down to the recent events in Syria.ly improved. In France t h e crops have partiallyfailed,andthegovernmenthasdecreedthead- policy,leadwhereitmay,andthathispartyis ItwillbeseenthatRtissiahasneverlostan tothepresstosupplythenewstotheextent thatthereismoneytobemadeinbuyingthe newspapersproceededagainst,ortobepro-cwsieuolb^eadatiiflfefreeofduty. InRussiathe sufficientlyindoctrinatedtosupporthiminit. opportunityofcarryingoutthefixedpolicyof requiredbyeach. Ascompetitioncouldnot Legislature,calluponWeed,whoknowsthe ceededagainst,ifheshouldbesuccessfulinob-crops have suffered from the ravages of locusts. There are some admissions in Mr. Seward's that monarch by promoting, by her intrigues, At I.ondoa, on the 24th. consols cloaed at 92| a speech which are fatal to the theories he advo- the disintegration cf the Ottoman empire, and iC, for money and account. cates. He acknowledges that the necessity of of as steadily opposing all attempts at its re-be carried on through a telegraph system, which value of each bead, to act as their broker ? taining damages be would pocket about a mil- could only transmit a limited amount of news These large offers of money look like a busi- lion of dollars, With this fund he intends toWe give inianotuer column interesting news fromVenezuela. The trial of ex-President Castro and ciple "the fraternity of the American people;'' give to-day we give place to a scheme suggest-matter daily, and which was bound to act on theprinciple of "first comefirstserved," it of course habit of promising their twenty or hundred mode of raising the wind in Presideatibl elec-his MiiiL-ter> for treason agaim-tfthe State was con- and that to day both the necessity and the prin- cluded on th* 28th of July, and resulted in theired by a correspondent a he hat long resided in Turkey, whereby he think- it? political systembecame the interest of tbe leading New York papers to unite together for a common object But in doing this they did not bind themselves to reduce the amount of telegraph matter, or not to use the lines to any further extent than their separate means would permit Thus, whilst our own paper contributes Its share to the expenses incurred by the association, itsway; and their calling upon Mr. Weed, as heParvcE SxrAJBD ox Hrs TRAVETA—There arethe Union was "to avoid anarchy," audits prin- form or reconstruction. In the sketch that wesupposes an intelligent and educated popu-iulargefore*yesterdaytolistentoaspeech sidespartysympathythecoywouldbepartytheinterestedinterferenceofEuropeanrulerslars,andtoproniseasmuchmore,toestablishlegislativehalls,and,likevultures,preyinguponbcokandstopstellingsmuttystories.Allfrom Senator Seward. There w a s a n immense display of electioneering paraphernalia, and a torchlight protession in t h e evcuiug. W e give Mr. Seward's speech complete into-day's paper, together withajdescription of the demonstration.The regular election for State officers and mem- bers ol Congress took place in Vermont yesterday. Ail the republican candidates were elected.The Uniud States practice ship Plymouth ar-rived a t iida ptoti Roads o n Monday evening froma cruise all wall. A letter from a correspondent tion from evnry chance and hope of attaining ists, who have abandoned their business occu- onboardthePlymouth,published into-day'spa- powerIntb*ifederalgovernment Mr.Seward ACANADIANJENXIXSBEATSTHECROWD.—The pationsindefianceoftheLatinproverb,whichper, contains atnarrative ofthe voyage. bai- alluded to several of the great causes of Montreal PUot has a Chevalier Jenkins who is enjoins tbe cobbh-r to stick to his last, discover TheGrandJtoyoftheCourtofSessionsentered di<saii*im-tk>Dinthecountry,buthehasfor- faraheadofallhisconfreres.Eventhestarof totheircost. Afterpayingouttheirmoneytoupon then divae*\esterdny. Thecriminal calendar forthetermis(unusuallyheavy,andJftrtgeRossoI! signified his intention of holding couh a sufficient timetilleach day's calendar isexhausted. Iti»gottenone-»hegreatest«of all—againstwhich tbeheroof tbe quadrilateralandtheyouthful thetimeofacoupleofthousanddollar.:aweek,defeat of that measure? Certainly these offers wouldneverbemadetothosenotversedin that kind of business.Now,betellsus,ononehand,thathebaare- fusedanofferfor$25,000toopposecityrail- roads, and yet labored for the passage of those billsinwhichbehad"prospectiveinterests." The fair inference to be drawn from this admis- sion is that his "prospective interest" was more than the offers on the other side. That he is in thehabitofreceivinglargesumsforlobbyser- vicesisabundantly proven byhis ownstate- ments, as well as the fact elicited on investiga- tion, that he received a five thousand douceurcommanders have for centuries back aimed to obtainandtousesomesystematizedtelegraphic plan for sending orders and messages to a distanceonland. Ithasbeenleft*forAmeri- caningenuitytodevisethewsystodothiswith einplemeans,andsomuchrapidityandeaseaa to be useful with trqsgs it: thefieldin war. There has been nothingaio Europe, at Solfcriao, or even down to tbeVar in Sicily, proposed for such rapid and constant use. Tbe introduction oftheelectrictelegraphwhichwearesurato have in the Dext war. and of land signals, en- abling any of our officers tc communicate with an ease not before knewn. will constitute two mostimportantaidetcour progress intheart of war, quite equal, perhaps to tbe invention of the new arms of precision. We do not see wby the latter should tot be known to State military officers, to be used in an emergency,expected that a number of iutlictm* nt> will be I presented to day, when the business of the termtbeOdeofpublic-opinionisfastrising,and that in the fanatic and bloodthirsty teachings c»tbimelfandfollowers,whichutterlyignore -tbe tr»»eri-iij of tbe American people" upon which this Uujon i* founded. The signs of dis-sympathiesoftheMincio'selbowspalesbefore withoutevenaprospectivereturnforit,they that of the Canadian Chevalier, who has abso- begin to find oui, after a little time, that they lutely"goneanddone"andpublishedalistof havemadebutasorryspeculation,andsooner the dames and demoiselles who had the honor than send good money after bad. they back out' to dance with H. E. H. Here is the crinoline of their promise to furnish further capital, andwill proceed without Intermission.ThepersonBhocutoutthebarkWilliamfrom satistaiitinnineverypartofthecouu'rywhichr*-Uouttowhoeverissimpleenoughtobuy.This is the history of the rise and fall of moatofthenewspaperenterprisesstartedbymoney-ed speculators. How, indeed, can it be other-wise? Journalism, like all other intellectualprofessions, requires a special training, and on tbe free wool operation at Washington.power behind them.she can make no successful efforts at self-re- such a paper on a permanent footing. They tbe chartered rights of our city and State. Thishail *o the new monarch: Seward, hereditary Prince and Governor of the republican party t Thattitlesoundswell. Astbemanintheplay say8,"ithathtbetruesmack."Tbe same necessity of avoiding anarchy e x form or good government We stated the other try the experiment, and at the end of the first must convince every one, even those who haveists to-daythat existed in 1787toenforcethe dayourownviewsasto themodeinwhichthe yeartbeyfindtbal they have left oneimpor- badany doubts upon tbe subject heretofore,Union, endits great principle is still the difficultiesinwhichthisquestion»Involvedare tantelementofsuccessoutoftheircalculations, thatTnurlowWeedisthecentreof thelobby,same—*• tbe fraternity of the American peo- to be surmounted. We have repeated them in and that is—brains. A man can no more ac- the hub around which all the Albany freeboot* the article to which we refer, convinced that quire the profession of an editor in a broker's ers revolve. If be is not the ringleader in tbe ple.'' It u because Seward, Lincoln and they afford the only satisfactory solution to the office or on the Corn Exchange than he can Albany bribery, bow does it happen that every-A N iKPOItT AKT MlL TT ART M O V E M I N T . — W e give tc day a description of seme of tbe uses of military signals, as tbey are about to be foractjre,with satosof1A0ShtoiA.aa<iUS aoi«e>MnteaciveatoaiKabaratoos. tiaffe*waa8,as, bat«ntoiweroiistitod. I^rt«gbtojawe»sa*r ftowwa*hr Liverpoei, Loaatoa asJsdHSBgSBi eaes. Brato weItotoabipaaeattoLUfriSstwastairo at U** alii., incapacity'for sseimnatioa of thedissimilar d»mendedforextensivetelegraphicnews,and Includingtherealobese sufferer, whoeverbe kind ofLegislature iselected, will thenpro- thatsuchaquantity of republican docuneutatflM.,toahtp-ibags,«MavelseiajrOhrk «a4 order.. «rf political equality b y a legislatiou like Untitled Document companies, b y raising t h e t o Is o n despatches,aroby,eiviiwar,tberaleoftbemilitarytyrant countrymosthaveit;alllocaljournalswillbe aadthepublicrobber. Towhatcause isthis tooforbehind theage. Itisonlythemetro- horrible xta'e of eoci-ty due ? ft is due to tot, politan press that can afford to pay the price•bd dk*onar>t reoes ther*, plsceo on a footing WabeitwUi be todbpenssble. The telegraph •say be.bably be brought up for consideration, with should remain still undistributed, and that several other plundering schemes that are now Greeley should be continually making snobwas formed simply because the telegraphs of the country could not furnish facilities enoughwho are looking about for the best chance to invest their money, and making up their mind.-"capital required to carry en a great dally jour- nal like tbe BKRAU>.tbe last session, by which the city of New Yorkwas plundered to the tune of two millionstbetr partisans ignore this that they problem which Is now occupying the attention pick up that of a lawyer or an engineer in a body runs to him with offers of thousandsshould be swept by the popular indigna- of Europe. printing office. And so these would-be journal- of dollars to secure the passage of this or the tbe first time introduced in our army. MCltaryrolloffame:—The Bon. Mr*. Youog, Miss Georgians Delisle, Hissbut Capt Martin. Hisintention wastofollowthe butiti»notarevolutiontooverthrowthefede- Fisher,ofHalifax;MissHerv&nto,MissDeRocbbt*ve,Mrs. T>re, Miss leach, Mrs. F. Brown, Miss Napier (twice;, deported Africans, a n d , if possible, bring them ral govs-rtiment. nor to clothe it with a policy Miss Johnston, Miss Elisabeth Smith, Miss Chauveau, Mrs Elisabeth Stewart. Mrs Beteon. Mra. C rreer, Miss Moore, the Hon. M rs. Saafield MaodonaUi. Miss Dor win.her moorings a t Key West w a s n o t Capt. Patten, beartdrefc.es are pieinonitnry of a revolution;back toa civilised land sad the light of Chris- ibaf won10increasetoanunlimitedextent fac-forewearequitesatisfiedtb'atthewriterofthe Cardwasnotthefatmanwhowasknockeddown, butthatitwassomeotherfatmanwhichapolo- gy will, we hope, be satisfactory to all parties,andpreparing foracrusade thatexceedsthe whichbefearswillbeleftonbisbands. There buccaneering of last winter. This enormous is no surer testimony of tbe apathy of tbe re- claim, having been postponed until tbe right publican party in this election than the feetare we drifting?dern improvements. So let tbe Pope settle up bis little affairs at once, and come tc the arms of bis devoted adherent" en this side of tbeiHKBALB ol SaTtarday, tbe day after it occurred.The leading local journal did nothing with tbeaffair until the Monday afterwards. And morethan this, up to the latest dales the Londonpapersderivedalltbelriuformationastothe churchofRome,becausesuchistbesimpleferently, and Catholic Italy is exceedingly A good deal has been said of late about t i e real business of journalism where it belongs— anxious to get rid of him. The only real sym-tract case at Washington, because we said that,had there been a republican Secretary of WarIn Mr. Floyd's place, tbe amount plunderedfrom the treasury would, in all probability, on many occasions displayed. It would,these two factions. There is corruption enough though the latter is jn point of years In its in- a most remarkable defence, on the part of Thur-ty, and other similar questions of publicpolicy. Apparently fearless of attributing thisfailure ef the government to its proper cause,tbe rale of demagogues through the machineryof political party organisation, he passes therecentpoliticalpartiesinreview,and.withan notdisposedtodoanyinjusticetoeitherof spectveryfarbehindtheNewYorkpress,al- Wepublfehtoanotherpanoftoday'sissueenterprise of the London press, and it no doubt deserves credit for the energy which it hasin our bands.pathizers with Ms Holiness are to be found ia Ireland, which sends him soldiers, and the United States, where both clergy and laity are devoted to the ancient landmarks of the faith. TheCatholicshereaboutssubscribedfiftythou- sanddollarsfortbeHolyFatherinafewdays,of dollars to enrich the pockets of a band itratioaa of kindness—I bad almost said of auction —We say that this controversy is within tbe that of which Garrison is tbe apostle. Seward•re helping to kilt off the provincial papers.Tbe fact abont tbe Canadian editors is, that they have been beaten on their own ground byon tbe programme. What cue can tbe public expect from tbe atmosphere of Albany?pitiful appeals about them It clearly demon- strates that there Is no Bale for bis "choice/*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 